'"^r^m^.!~to snstain by namerons citations ofchase of slaves, farming, his intended action. After stating the dif- 'Only speciesWe called not npon Mr. Dillonofthetiling The'at the Vaticanhadthat the King of Sardinia shoold not be szooouaaai-l^^-^ifC:^oD8ii)e:gwri|»n%jiiift ggjiiflBt^jitiMlnii^^moDthsMnfinementiattoflMKPriaoa., The i.DlUmM<k«TnwiMlPuk. rsentencewaspronoonoedastheoonclnsionto WhenMr.Cowtj.tma,'amemberofthek»- oataalMlsamw»Panroeaockabsslsvnswtispe-rWithout it,Board Mr. DillonFor the rest of the pro-_through former City official, after much consideration of the case, to the"of inquiry," baaed on these indefinite and iqr-Idefereaoe 4s Wa t* ky'jlribAoiM k Bor r«ril«r <="^' "I'f!" "T ^Siitft*bamTUOt-vnua»to«h«g»»tRItm.State of Texas; and the prompt demand of litical friend at conrtmay exert, In this City,to produce, has recognized the /extremely un-tbe Park as actually administered was ra{ddiyba..loa teAo widow of Gen. Baini was passed, with . JadiiHndment making similar grants totiiewdi-ap- ysaia but to retata ta fiie Boaai fte-Oens. Hacoxb and Biut. Mr. Tau>DKUB rffil*tnabrangfattothobaroftheSenate,wherethe Assembly,their ialr and tadefatigable Association,owf piteMl^Win writing to ^tlie qaestlons heretofore sent into the Senate a day or two since, andveiyofc effective poBce otdarBuperinieadent is (o ba(aMl^WMkii>-TianDoi.-TiTirnmin quest ThTmovementsgreund of simple coounoBiri^U)i>«mJ<wT'i' ricted. KfllllB(WWkIr)—TwoDMK4Us nesswererestandInflicteduponto waaMMMlM Twuti Douam to- «a«MdN*l«rTvnRl>«Kuia. ^iqron tk« imotionihhiBvaalag. |[Bai0-^tarDM> aad Kraninc—dollara to pay the expense of Honaioi'a con- frglaia aad a Sonthera Ooaference. we this morning publish, to put himself and on a system ao judiciously ooncdved and pramised lawaid fiir dWbonest eouiaet te».in;Avai]8-j>iun Bi Ln.That she wonldtake this courseeventuallyitrickery departmentsofitwldehare— imaAMDWK—YAmAJoaoB*OclHiuaaui. moras, andjoopardhalo become public. A rumor alsoIt may, be true theoretical- ly that we can never be at war with any foreign—thatVictorEhaxuzlhadis- a»ed a proclamation addressed to the people of the Two Sicilies inviting them to insnrrec-mor^ and as we all now know, Sambo, as a"for malfeasance" be therefore demands, may deal with him in their privatevillainedrarrencyviolatingRnmorsof aPlot agaiastVj^Imb m.'lloa. The aifa(ing in PiMmont was proceeding power, exceptwith the consent andof "peculiarities" through piece property, possesses"patriotic emotions." Tbe aim of this speech,wilKiuexampled vigor. From Morocco we hear the action of Congress;but practically it is not which render his transportation to new spheresThecan no at- payso far as we can was the emi- apprehend it,nentiy creditable one of paytag honors due tothe female sex for its that con- triumphs daysummated over, the selfishness andtadiffer- ence of male America. In attaining this ob-Tietor Emannel Calls the People of tke Ivo Sieilits to Biie.COHHEBCIA.I. INTELUGEIirca.Vww MJiiiao, and that theof national action. we are likely to be honied Into war the lawless acts of fillibusters, to expendbe ex-hibited for the benefit of the Mount Vernon mand for an enitrgetlc policy against Moroeeo.Itoiha ndnes would be large.emigration and the responaibllitiesThe Spanish Press were unanimous is tbslr de-In favor of non-interference witli the deatn sen- taace. It will therefore be executed.great element in realitya moment as to the course which it becomes orators are constantly tempted to resort to ex-tioB of ^oral obliquity against personsofIfovtSeotian :Liviiroot., Thursday,The Virginia House ofadopted resolutions hostile to a Southern Confer- ence, by a vote of 90 (o 42.travagant statements,threats,reck-Dillon think the mayplantwoIncluding 3,000 on speculation and for export.ly msintained. Bieadstufis steady.' Ib ie State Legislature— of the One• MHiaiydecisively that the said plan ishypocrites." are notregrets,bejatthtt. House. The Canal Appropriation biU was tive"f-result fromfairlyregardedascorrelative,thatmay JudiciaryproveDelegates yesterday" and"but Soils,"whomithopestosee consignedtothatyesterdaybills, passedand finds its fiill illustration in the school of oratory are, everybody who Is fami- "'a mutilation and a deformity," so it signsSofts areIt promistaghowever, that the just now, and that the'twopossibleanything;taflnentialof athat from that time forward will be held as American soil. frareH-aiBBT-KMr Bmdwoi^-IfOBU or Kns " His expected seizure of the State," says an ardent advocate of the scheme, " cannot fall to enter largely into the Presidential question, Mo. IM—WBrnMn*! Fan Qaubt for the Democracy viiti indorse it as heartilyas Abolitionism vnll denounce it." Whether " Abolitionists" will be the only person whofrom thosefjT^ilVIt tk*fioMla Hi.Fror introdoced abfllto pro-iWtrfiir ths jmblfc printing, and lb. Bbiobt anotu-«( fer tlw enlaxgemant of the groandg aroimd would look forward with some little ^prehen-under their control,—than aaaaat af by anyjobbing, or by any ooalMnBtion with faoflsaa among their opponents. Let them iry tUs'dubious of a positiondisappotated man,criti-^bulMlrSnUBT,NEWS OF THE DAY.Thediscreditintodustrial pursuits, except agriculture, and the unhealthy stimtdus which is consequentiy given towhatarecalledthe"learnedprofessions" and politics, has given the gift of the gab in all the Slave States a most unfortunate and alarm-theconductofhisformerHowever, quit the Commission Mr. DillonY^ffjjiJlpndad to him. He took tlie ground, which he which we published yesterday morning, tends(«!ISl ftetimonT. Theor less degree, the"letter which Mr. Cohxlino read in the Assem- ousbly as proceeding from his pen. To this happytosaywasMr.JohnCochbuti,ofNew-gallant gentlemansnccesslul defence of the liberty of the Press.cease toThis'and legal precedents, that the Sen- DO power to compel his attendance,to produce himself, but upon Mr. Conklinq, arrangemente to go, was unfortunately detain- tag "or T»,»ii,^^«tte .Committee should be ready to taliegreaterandtakes theresponsibility"orquestion may now be canvassed wtt-of the House an-Bpeeial Oommittees upon the Pa- startling arise, aad he may tbelpracticehorriblywe areBMand ^«Me SaOioed, and Mr. Cotodi'b Investigationamongthis littieband, however,pait, dadarinc^ Mbnnatoiy in its cliaracteronscribes ofnopartment, and it is very important that we should begta aright There cannot weffbe twoSpeakerthat Ids meetthesmergeaeyIncarryingbisactionsobrasto 1tt» tke abase of Kzecutive Patronage. Mr. not <mit, rtptl tht aggrarion from Xaneo, tut totlia latter to aeqoire plunder otherwise iJ life roach. The bill was finally, on motion igf lb; Mmmkbbaim of Mississippi, laid on the tablekrai«t"0f»8 toes.tbe JVotm SMtiit brings the usual one daybter diqwtch from Qaeenstown, with news totoMto coerce Texas into withdrawing from Mexico, the crowded communities of the Old Worldnk paitiealaistt*t the measure hadnponlon's mmd, that he should suppose it to be hisfrantic ideas of his own importance, undertookbegmft. Tbs additional advices are of interest.butwhatdoessucha war,—»-~~- ware circulated of a new attempt havingamount ttmeinany quartertowhichthe;windenounceit,;Wepro-respectively,of members of tte ferae fiirtiireatens to take ?"theiroaths,"andwhose removal amostaffectingandappropriatespeech fullof'•#^piprr j^'v^^^w^jjww*"^"'""'^'^'^imii^^smi^' Hothing iMw in Hotier affairs.The aales of Cotton smoooted to 3,000 bates,the Court conldthecharacteraod ooadncttlelialtao(piaaaaat»|Maataltt«trdispbaaL'^.quiet. Provisions. Groceries, Spirits Turpentine^It takes Isi<til"l'jtl<|r.ain other branches of bnai-^Our Mexican Relations.t^" set/act of the Legialatue has alwaysdenee and would make the^obHeiIt seems to be generally understood,thatfreebooterCobtinab,withhiaband,havebeen oneoffifteenkilling child, stealing a coat, mayfreelyusedbyhimatthetime,andbatawhommay be a matter of doubt that there are very many men.certainlyprivate citizen, he has suffered his angry en- thusiasm to nm away with him a litUe, in hispar-presumeSouth as well as North, of all parties, whovisions ta theing preeminence °,*Snta< bf Mr. CAXnov. The bill granting a pen- which is thus threatened, especially if it is to young Virginiantka cafiteL Petitions for a revised tariff were pre-sion to a renewal of the sectional controversyor South Carolinian, who ia brought up to despise trade and manufactures, and to cling to a feudal theory of respectability, finds himself on the threshold of life placed in apositionofgreatembarrassment Unlesshea for the ance to the pubUc, had foisted npon Mr. Dil- capital to taspect their purchase. They had in- duty.can command large capital pur- lon an indirect responsibility for his own in- vited Congress to accompany them, bat that stody of the case will suffice tobe introduced by so flagrant an act as the pro- posed seizure of Mexican States.Theletterfrom Gov. HonsioH, which wasfour and sixto confirm the rumors already noticed concern- ingsinuations."patriotic and mteHigent body, after making itspartial personsimpossSrility aniridlelwBis^comaittoanswerthein- ficultiesofthecase,hesays<rf the committee, he thoidd "The Executive of Texu is greatly desirous to protest The answer occnped avoid any course which might raise even a qnsstlonwho had evidenUy employed Mr. Dillon to ed by stress of talk:an earnestdebate," such asystem.in tlie reading, and wpt' fre- as to the propriety of his aotton. NotwlUutandlsg all a stricUy agricultural community, the amoimt itempted bjr motions on both &e Bepnb- bis moderation and dsslre ta eschew an sMtnrte ub- of legal business to lie done ia never eitherthorityfor"openandspecific"DoBWetatie sides, to reCsr At papers to ploasaattoUiB.teoiop, toasiartfssM, tt rtfuirtd to n- or and in a toe.Attheclose,Mr.KaaoirmovedatortUOuimtfftatMtrightofttlf^ffnettofnttetverylarge verylucrative,settled coimtry su£h as the whole South mayagainst this important boardmons. Mr.Dillonhasvolunteered toIMaimiaD, which was adopted, that Htatt be >fiaead in the custody of the Bergeant^t-AnnaHe endeavorto the and to the Fatherto the Country. Conspicu-depend upon others for directions,in addition to maairast forthsr to dofor the seUon of the Fodsnl Government. But matters new anddoof a certainhonoroccasion, of hisladiesaejrwBI respect obey his commands.illftUmxitixm. forbearanoe,will, yetso,:left him fromor both, is the law, medicine, or politlas.istidings of a reverse suffered by the Spaniards in true at alL The President has it in his power of labor, even by those who have the happi- tention to the matter until some officiallya, recent sortie of the Moors. The Madrid papers to involve us in war with any foreign power at ness of possessing him, both difficult and dan-a heated dispute between the prisoner's aemUy of New-Toik (ram this OOf, ader- to dotho w«kkekIkmtftamtamfortheHsebeingqnitegenersl coansel andtheand (t» inlea anaanVillkeavT, at a further advance•f ldl( Hf cant i&ehsage for thU dsy's oseket passion which brought an expreseton of indig- Into an arena of partisan aquabblea and per-wwdoM « LoDto at 106}. and on Patis f. S.IB}. nation from the audience, that the officers of gonal conflictB, by Tagtn and general saaanlt* eff a are miUfmimtW* ana Mattcaettva, w^-shall "take thegerous.Iha padMt riiip J)e WUt Clinton from Liver- send ten thousand men to invade a country The result of aU these untoward circum- shirked, and which Mr. Dillon, we regret tocaD Vftm the Government to throw greater energy time tsto ue conduct of the war. anyand whenever a single State shallimportant personresponsi-;bility," which Mr. Conklino so completelyoUl TlMreis nothing important. The jubilations the first place, to put a stop to any such move- considerable notoriety, and of throwine round ion theupon chargesrightwhich he advances fornatural remark that on The stesmshlp Glatgatoxieo sailed from LlioWe are confident, however, that the confirm- ralation of the McLane treaty affords the onlywonld cost more than three times thewere^drowned.tnl life ;" " of bated breath," of sombre thought," andCourt, with a flippancy and took,w^^MdSsa day, to drag the Central Park jprt adeqoalotaafa BSeoartUes of a gteot 4^ by a IIt ia iinfiiili—in *»t'irif TIfflliillt; ^tfcfcupon thehimself. On aa utterly and indecently inconsistent with Tobacco, Candles, Hides, and Leather were in re- the following day a cosohman, arianged his position and his dnties. The Assem-.This re(fort < anhMoibed by Mr. B. M. a«9yointment. If flwInclndlBg J,000 bales in iransitu^^t •'"•'/^^ces.impressed vrith Ae convictiongentiemen composhigthe Paik.I 'fter «I1, » great deal of •-_ ~^~.~.wasted." m^ority," [ ^'»ee» Wendi^^anAn active demand prevaUed for Flourwhich were firmer. Cora, B."- jnd OaU^me the counsel than theBLATCHftBD,lently repieaentsanfnot a but riie Board. The ground whichhardly check. No one presentof Com- proceedingcouldfailtobeWhMt, that the judicial severity was aimed rather at mission, we stigmatised theprisonerfor carelessly driving over a child, hifllcting a bly evidently took the same view of the mat-memberdefeated Woodsense. The"Iiinlta- choaeaa man who enjoyed thsjprobably fatal Injury, was sent,ter,offendingof his aetton, even If h« dUWe mi^t jnst aa vdi'tta** te-tis into another•lamrXaaitoHMr. PiIm, la wnppwh war with Mexico. The maraudings of the tence of four months for a and CoRKLiHo, but a person whose nam^ was impostagraS^OAUrOBHUhas since been heardeat efthat necessity npon the PoUoeli pabUilwilwill pretty certainly plongefail torecognizethe ity. Nothing balance of justice in a sen-froi]B('Mr.it is loose and Indeteminate ta theasinterestedinterpositionbyof theCity, identical withwhich consdenoe is (has diseaidsd fids t» ^Ppg^^L Tw«rtr«Wk-rtr«t to Forty-MBi- Senator Wiopall, that the Federal Qorem- with those on whom the judicial ermine rests. deaixable character of his oWpoalUoa in this advancing to comiSetion on a scale satis&ctoiy aecomiinshed, -we secitt io hnve heea doab^which is the of industrial occupation in which he can engage, is impossible. Theonlyrefbgeorpoverty idleness,collect and prefer charges against the Com- says one of the Washtagton journals,tatrue theactivecommanderofthe Us dqwitaaeat.be said to be, in aranks of both professions are filled to over-of medicine isdnty to miserably paid. In addition to all this, theHsxloo for all her wiaags." quarter of her lawyers and doctors. For It is very easy to see the result of such a this deplorable state of affairs, the —Commissioners win also be We eaa changed.anew with the organization of the De-that it wasIk bet an attempt to coerce tlie Senate Printer movement, should it once take place. The emigration to more thickly-peopled regionsdnty to take this lesponsibUitythe presentto suppress thejournalism,doubtdyspeptic,but it ex-hibits a curious confiision of ideas ta Mr. Dil- The steamboat captata havtag conceivedrespected,•Mil far Hew-Tork, went ashore on Squan Beach, with which we are at peace, and seize her ter- stances has been to elevate politics into a po-IMnmiaday. Thepassengerswererescuedyes- "tei4aj by the pilot boat Number Sixteen and ritory, under pretence of making reclamation sition of importance as a means of livelihood, eagerly he may desire to do ao. Tbua much tonishtag observations. For tastance, he de-laborioua, andIn" and mission, to produce Mr. Dilloh as his au- nautical style, unfortunately springing dp ta fidelity, efficienqrthem asW* • bargain vrith the Printer of the House, snd Federal Government would be compelled either the remedy which furnishes so much relief to before the public. The public has really no and more than probable Sadducees. Mr. opinions as to the abstract merits of the case.^Us ^fjregarding"other private citizens filling pubUc stations ot pears to have been a cheerfnl ktad of pic-nic, importance. The gentiemen whom he accuses of Mr. CocHBANX agam came forward, and madeand we trust it will receive the candid atten-or to make common cause with Texas and thus plunge the two countries into war. It is—has the exclu- sive right, under the Constitation, of declaringand his latterly byLATER FROM EUROPE. occupy tag no public post upon the character of name." On the way home, after what ap- The QnecnstowB Dispatch of tteIvery well to say that Congresshis habits andnotions of patriotism, from seeking his for-ofthebem made npon the life of N.IPOUOII III. No to in the face of such action as Geo. Houston inevitable Sambo caimot follow him, to lightenprovisionglobehis toil and do all the dirtier work of thisNova Scollaia.and of the Northern States of the Uniondoes nothing. The young Southron is precluded, byDillon or with Mr.DiLLON's letters. His charges against the Commissioners of the Central Parkexpulsion and tbe Captata from a thrashing pacified the warring parties, and so built lihn-education,areattacks made by one private citizenself, let us hope, like OoorvA,an everlastingMr. CocHBAKE threw out a few rather as-btought safely to this City, arriving last evening. for her wrongs," we may just about as wel ridiculously disproportioned to its real value. for the relations of Mr. Dillox with the public clared that the voices of the women of America here yesterday afternoon, sailed &om Liverpool at UThe vessel, it is thought, may be got off.The steamship Quaker City, which arrived here yeateidsy afternoon, brings Havana advices to thehave no Federal Government at all.It is clearly the duty of the Executive, inIt possesses, however, the immense advantage and with the Park. So far as the Tikis is"came up from the vast deep crying for aid," o'clock on tbe monilng of tbeZSd of Febmsry, to*A-had been'JkAeoa ftom Santa F£ to Feb. 13, reached Inde- break, and of preserving the peace off the two been in the habit of getting their clubs clothed These are the statements which Mr. DillonYiOTOS EvAHtrsi falmaelf, calUsg Naples aad BteDy toI , Wl^nailils (TOea;procuredto receive the ne-means of permanently preventing such an out-paadOBce, Mo., yesterday.T~Oiy AiU, and aaiious apprehensions were felt atwithsome officialsuch as that ofcharges,"with the sunset of the God that he at worshipswith the feeUngs of the Virginian ought not to be allowed to waste his sweetness on theBusiness is as reportedcountries. It wonld to immediately givetheregards as"and ta which maktagerated.Oor. IftOHD af Tirginia, having made a leqni-aitian upon Gov. Dniaoii, of Ohio, for the surren-der of Owxa Bbowb aod Fbakcib MiKaiAH, the millions of dollars in its prosecution, and to the newspapers. Of course, however, the con- Ohio Executive has renewed the refasal to surren have a renewal of the sectional wrangles by thatTbe Nova Seotian takes 180 tons of eosl, aod wfflsail this aftemooa fot Poitlaad, whan iha will bedue on Monday evening next.There was a gals from SoaOMSt iHt b1|M wtOiofrequiringno capital, litUe labor, promising Mr. Dillon has a to ourwhich fact we confess was new to us and ing at Qaeenstown tbe next day. ;added theupon the capture q( Teiuan were unabated. Sn- ment as Gen. Houston meditates, and then it the future that rosy mist of tmcertainty which, OUT consideration. He favors us with an ac- hearing these submarine calls for help fromi suulon the 22d alt. lor New-York, and tba Bmr- staaoaiWpgaiBweredull; freightsimproved. isthedntyoftheSenatetoplaceourrelations The Legislatore of Liberia adjourned on theofaliyonng men, gives anycareeryiirirwastoleaveSootkaaiptonfbrthesaasdastt- coimt of the letter which he wrote to some- drowning beauty, the fathers and brothers of naUoa on the taaie day.ofhas become notorious, continued to suggests.is that the energies youthgab"l^nadtmces the arrival of, the United States his band. We the force will be sufficient " the Central Park CommlMioners, exceeded inStM Jaeinto at Liberia. At Loando she hope Bernard le Clubbiste," of bombshell notoriety, amount all the abuses of all the other Departments esttag than tbe Esquimaux who received hislater.Heavy gsleahad prevailed anniiul One ooast < land.in in with the African squadron. It had for that object, and that no pretext will be once happily designated it, ^^acv/fet^jxir/er of the City Govermnent put together that ;theyhad friends tbe other night at the Geographicalkeen actively engaged in watching the slavers on given qr left for the Governor of Texas totba eoaat, trat bad not effected the capture of any threaten any such fillibustering crusade as he veiT tecently. The atrocities for wiiich the KingThe consequence ot thisand persevered In the executtea of a plan of Society. This Tartar of Mr. Cochbank's is not The steamer Odione. from Dublin for fiMiomeybe perpetrated. He had, it was reported, engaged 10 nonsh a cargo of slaves monthly to the dealers,amount to the I>e(islatureChinese or a Mexican Yankee— and from forty to fifty personaRumors were current of an address, attrlbBlBd topostagMr. (JocBBANi, "ta his Eastern plata bows The armaments ta PtedBoat wars bsiatindeftniment.adoptedthe Park, which was not only a mutilation and de-Londoa,in colllflon with the schooner Benmt, oa tke IBth nomenon ta ethnology only to be compared to ult Tbe Bteamer auolt in twenty minates aflerwaids,to the cultivation of this oneand in order to render the practice of the art more exciting and less tiresome, they have longofand they had, therefore,a Canadianand practices religious""^-ikbo are said to be in league to capture port which it needs for the repression of law- Conventions," or " Disunion Conventions." In ual Commissioners specifically ta view. Thet VB^Ofi. of an attack from the Mexicans andrightfulsup-Slave-tradegoessay',tattjictive defensive preparations were ._^aa.: 'Tlie .mail met no noatile Indians on tlw wtau The cinidoctor of tlie mall reports that littoaf foMfrom Pike's Peak had beenwenecessary to take with the restrictiona of lawfor the gross viola-There was a report that a plot aasinat the Empenr of the French had been discovered.A Madrid telegraph states that the garrison of Hellliia bad made a sortie, and that the Spaoish lass was 33 killed, 148 wounded, and 21 mlislag.Government of Mexico the moral less movements npon Mexican soil, and wouldon tothese assemblagea, time is of no value ; rea- majority," he solemnly dedareasurround whatever other stepsfindastloB of a poblls trast^ are UssBS. Cbiiusmightitreqxmsibledegree,gift;which they were limited by the actand their oath of office ;lated both, and sboald be removed for malfessaBce."character, Commercial Conventions," orA held CongregatioB"son, gtx>d sense,he" to whom Iand accurate information, of refer,the shrine of the great nameTartar Arab combining the faith of the Parsee cated whatever political events might supetven*.them to takeJtJDICIAI. SSNTINCIS IkPABTIAL AnviNis- less boasting, exaggeration and profanity— the Park a mutilationTBATiON or JtrsncB.In the Senate, while the Railroad Toll billthe Assembly. The Quarantine bill characteristics of the present City Judgetotriumphalter all.„,._.-„ LoirnoH, Thursday, Fob. 23—P. M.evilsthe institution of an elec- keeps it awake. What the results of such agiftof the "I statedthat thewasteful,anaecessary, and with a Tartar whom he hadcaught,Southernaonly Tartar,— but a "Tartar Arab," aof liar with the rhetorical efforts of Gov. Wisb, assuredly does not establish a chargeto a third reading by the Senate in New-York, whose unfitness for the bench he TooMBS of Georgia, Kkitt of South Carolina, of " malfeasance" against the Commissioners We are sorry the Tribune's hopes and en- Consols close at 95Jr.^more than by and most other Southern legisIators,Imows only who have the misfortune to disagree with Mr. deavors should be thus menaced with untime-mamj waa alao ordered to a third reading and the very quality of smartness and severity too well. All these are the victims of a sys- Dillon. He would have observed, further, ly blight It is certitinly sad to see so much ABSIVAL or TH« QOAKSB CITT—KAVAt KXWB—l',]tft)lre Whole. That enabling members is evinced dad Charitable Societies to vote by oceupieaFroas Havaaa.by nothingmade the special order for Tuesday. Upon the re- which he apparently deems his most distin- tem in which the gift of the gab is developed that the answer to the question whether ex- self4enytag labor thrown away. We haveKUOICISOS IH HAVASA—THS "^^P""-,. The United States Hail steamer Quaker i.tlf.leftaoliatiwa in regard to tlie Judiciary, a long dis- fUMfcw aiaae, wfakh was finally postponed totke Park were " wasto- never suspected our neighbor of any specialnor have weof the to the as to the desirableness him than that which it now avows. Possibly previous questionlaid over the Albany and SMqadtamia Bubeidyoften been called to the almost inhuman sever- makes that gift passes upon^r^on, judgment, fid,unnecessary,and, therefore,profligate,"affection for Fxbnando,imputedj"f ""^^Aartt 1, The Aasemblyat 2 P. M., having last at 4 P. M., arriving Isthe following bills were passeda double railroad track throng^ Grand-street &.c.,Brooklyn, to Newtown; toamendtheactauthor-;planlakes and rivers for thetherefore adom for which the whole nation should thankhave hesitatedrather unguarded exception of a certata num-of "Uie Softs." Our attention may the 5th, all well,:byof tatrusting the discussion of the most and fitness of theTo authorize the friendlessuponmerit. Public attention has at the expense of almost e—very quality whiph penditures made guished judicial uponR. W. SmJFSis*, Commander, »"*'«*piece of wis-for the payment of the Canal Debt and the main- to the assistance of the notorious Ekllt, ar- her. The ordinary exigencies of such a Gov- ber of the Commissioners from the censure or and welfare of the City,meters are manufacturedmakingtennce of the Canals of the Stateboth in Uieand in the recent proceedtags of Md the victories over the Uoon, toFoUce were reinst^Mus worUi 113,000 boxes. M^ImSs last->••« mane U"^'JSVim^.*•'!y-'*fJgg5-°.°?City. It did not seem toto providethe westward of tto Tbe few days prior to the saUbif of theapp<rintment of Deputy Inspectors of Gas Meters, wherever gaswith the endsof zeal justice.The indecentclubs, istainly-upon;patiblewith which Judge Rdssill recently hasteneddebatingleave <m tbe 6tb forto the generalry railroad act, (rotates to proceod-speaking, to am- at least long enough.to read the last report of the Policeextemporize fresh occasions for bootiesa 9, 1860. In that report he would have found a notice. We did not appreciate the importance'"»»*'« of roads to •i^^*" nnder "mo"rt"gag»e ";) fflsM the Charter of Brooklyn..t^^AifRn?^!"*TM"' yesterday decided toa freshTNohtehlhBegaleltshe ohfadHoaeveanrnraadhwMottbtsyenof eazotee.Ueat awT~•m^ldl^"!'^iug the cost of iutode S^ X?°V?^'"7;in that old-fashioned portion ofwhich regards the duties of the ju- Democratic inaUtutions developed in our foie- been done upon the Park, wiUi a detailed ac- highly enough of vices. Mo. 12 at Hit* nit * »!•::appropriationssupplementa-Mayor- were occupied by celebratingthetsUag Of Tslai wUA was addedInspector of Telegrap" A movea but tills of bottle-holder to a buBf in » fight- well-known physiological law, natural qual- justification, not by six members, by thegreat>»'•""ch counties.ofWood, or to break down the diadpltae and ef-•J» P*W*P"TM»»» »re drawing extra salaries—JudgeBussxu.,tofifteen yeanand arrenhe to CSiarieston wUfasomtM^i Uiat might go;restedforthTfcomn^ssSuITMMayorof the Polkse Department ta order mt f OMSL^iSSaBiIn the Court of Seaatoo^as to the claims of man convicted of Mteriag a house by^JS^SS^1^£rJ^;^, '?^ Captatos keys steaUngfalsea coat, was aentenced, by moment acknowledged bypresent:United Stttesmi&nft^Aandweareatthewith theof New-Toric and the demands of ficiencyCommitteeacquired we inherit,to be the gUbbeat people on the globe.Park abEmis oommensiirato uponworld greatness our people.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069{? ."f*"*^ *!»» '"O andthe dvilixed«l*dNMI.eeg^SlB»New-Orleans.S d«OitIUntitled Documentours wai alwayshi"supply ample which he hurls agataWt the devoted majority," altyelection, of the cnthe 3d tbe arrivalparticipation in a brutal fight, and ernment Asthe willingness which he manifested to gratify opportuiaties for practicethe friends of the culgrit, and hold a Court on bitious orators. There is no need to create or the Board, handed ta to the Legislature Feb. partisan factions havethe spot for hia liberation, have excited no lit-Beaides which, the fluency which complfte indorsement of all that has thus far of" consigning the Softs to destruction," quite weather quite pieaaaat Bastaaashas not beea ae-spouting.thepuhHcllr^CHf^8°B?B«8« dicial office •• iBCOoatotent with the position faUiers has become, ta accordance with a cotmt of Its cost, and the following deliberate Uie peace,nni'eCenchlJS.?a7tle indignationto lead us utterly to disregard tlve flie order, Uie good governmentad- 100 i*"^on Wednesday, a ity in the Americans of our day. YHiat they whole Board, of their action ta putting the whiletopromotetiie reelection•4M. VIM. Ssehaaaas Isagaiablsg d^- ni«2f8rlaif» aaaT Lond^so dV" ^I^SJSJcapacity.publicsay,cannot be allowed to assume, howeverject,St. Jobbs, Hanh S. N^F.,Friday,theother 1^4^07h||ri%Cn^toodthethe chastisement of tiirowtag out hisconcerned,opin-in the eyese( Jajmaiy, after having l>een in session with Mexico upon a permanent and satisfac- so much fascination. The only thing it requires body, and which Mr. Conklino having read, the tavolimtary mermaids " felt the electric Tbs irtosmihlp lHagir* was to take <ko plsea et'1.FieMdeatBnsoxhaddelivered toryfooting. TheSecretaryofWarstatesthat inacommunitywherethereislittlebosineas decltaedtotadorse. Inthisletter,saysMr. spark." Weshouldtiiinktheywould!_ address, in which he exhorted the he has already ordered troops to the frontier to be done, and in which auditors are conse- Dillon:'«» raftain from contention, and urged for the purpose of, protecting the people of is the " to bbor .Cor tlie diffusion of knowledge and quentiy alw(iys' easily had,tbe .iflurtco, and sail from Liverpool OB theSStknlt,—a The steamsblp America, from Boston, aiiivod out very on tlie morning of the 22d ultimo, and the stasmsMp M(firoeghonttheBepublie.OurCorrespon- TexasagainsttheincursionsofCobtihasand —orasaferociousFrenchpolitician, thereforeproBigateexpendituresofthemajorityof creamofTartarmfact,andmachmoretater- CitfofBaltimore,frvmNew-T<Hk,afewhaonof thehave been devoted to an unnatu- formity, but which they must or ought to have Icnownphe-may hsppen of taste. Mr."of that wretehed and contemptible faction, theFeb. S3—P. M- CoTTOir—Ssles of last days 12,000 bales.valuablebilltoMonday,andityofthesentenceshe someoftasteanddiscretion,andlearning. mustdependverymaterially theanswertoitanyothermotivefortheaidithasgivenyesterday fourdays«a'n.d7S?I»hJoJur"s",'be^-law havethem in hiswhich Mr. Dillon so we have been too neglectful of tbe great objecting tbe qulcke.t pM.ageUnited Slates rteamer Cr-""^.placedwhUe to-plan the de-the port of Havana a't*1^»H^"A-K£.!»o^f mander, entered from a cmlae to the oaitwmrt, toprisoners whose violations of theThe summary repudiationVirginiathlsaeason.powerixlng the formation of companies^ to navigate wards others a lenity is exercised quite incom- momentous interests of the Union to mere magisterially condemns. And he would cer- which absorbs the Tribune's energies,uponralea "Soft."aiated that Mayer Wood abMdd watw Mi*andsoMrehtanfromtheaeoq^a movement is on foot which, unlesa checked, Penitentiary for only four months. Tboee who pe^ent charges, by aa overwhelming maj6r- could have been nothing else. Tbe laagnage "potat of honor" in the PoUe* eooMabalaai,thebeentbe citizeas of New Tork as amere random estimate, stace fircm the nature of the case itformentshallatonceappropriatesomemillionsof matter,andattempts, inaletterwhich tothe wl^histouse cheatedr—«nt«fsarhaaeal)^aadmntkeftba great conmunlty it,^^ri ilaWaMntoid ia lb* Foblbben 'Haw- cnltirated to the point which calls fbr the perhaps derive some enlightenment on the sub- he professed to have received aecuaations that of Mr. Dulon, haveconsi^red fteae mat- disoigaaiu Ike fMCC It is bad enoagh to d» llMr-T>rk war." fiiterpoeitlon of Oen. Hotrsroa on behalf of the ject from a study of the influence which a po- against the Commiseioners, whichiia dedined ters agata and agata; and finding that wrong at the best—bat when tiie otgeet fcriSTHlaUr ta ftlTaaea.yearstaterest ta the Park ispreciselyDepartawaltemfdatedmorementa,indicatesthemanner Wearesolution6fthe ri^upastherteoid^This pprson, Mr. executedthat70percentofthemoneysac- ninggratnltoBslymmkhassaawiaifortafciaaainwhidiweatetobedraggedintotheimpend-published yesterdaySoBSR -J.Diuov,mr for a short timeoftheua Ora or ing war. The appropriation will undoubtedly South Carolina and Mississippi invitation to a a member of the ^ntral Park Commission, manual labor to the hard-working classes of But now that the Tribune has abaadonsd aliassemblies at crises euch as that in vate life at a time when, according to his own tion of land ta the three Wards adjacent to Wood, we hope H wm give sonw Uftle'iiMrit «» •* A row additional pretext to the Texan fillibusters for which we now live, which can only debate and statement, he i^as convinced (hat a majority tlie Park has amounted In three years' time, the wants and taterests of this City. W« iDaiaa, MOBprotecting themselves, crossing the frontier,of the Boarii^were violating their oaths of office and wasting the public money. Thatcircumstances, Central Parkfrcm 1866 to 1859, toers of the City, we say, considertag theseit will consentto some gieativ neededeven ta advance af the PresldeatialThe BepubBcans have a ^ood deal to establishtag a repotatioa for pabHe spbtt aa* political honesty. They can make mnektually spentbe rsfhsed, bat this will not In the slightest de- disunion Conference, in wMch the folly of con- but resigned his pbsition and retired to pri- onr population, and that the tacreased valua- hope of makiDg aoytidng iiiilltli iTIj Tij iiiliinaggree affect the result. It will only afford anveningadvise and which have no power to act, is formally an4 fully recognized. In short, Vir-to do with disunion scheme, and will not even debate ittwo countries in actual hostili- ties, and then turning the whole affair over toinyolvlngthe>the General Government.fnie Sootham joumala state that Houston Isbe regretted, sincesand men snd to take possession of Mata-proiecting the public intereets against his fel- low-Commissioners, could have been muchmore efficiently and honorably carried out had he appeared in the attitude of an activeCommissioner, defending the public right, than it can be now when he occupies the alwaysaim an taterference with the work,or at ail events by discardingTamaolipasand patriotic public enterprise which has been undertaken by the people of this City stace tbe mtroduction of the waters of the Croton Elver."Virginia Legislature, finally disposingginiafacte,so admirably stated by Mayor Wood m one of the best messages which ever proceeded fromrefuses ta haveanythinganyDu^oN, in thesehave stace come to the conclusion longMr.should /have left theBoard,'' is certainly to abouttoplacehimselfattheheadofathou-withregardtotheobjectofMessia.MsMiitaHBany/intentionhemayhavecherishedofhispen,that"anypropositionhavingforits espit"!byperfectingoorCityGovemft,—and Stabei's mission, none ofus ever doubted; butweconfesswedidhotlookforwardtoa frank declaration from the Legislature of Vir- ginia, of all States in the Union, of the foUy of giving mere debating clubs official au- thorization to discuss great pelitical questions."over all the useM arts. A imagination that the Timbs has chitrged himwill thesuccessofthemosttatelligent,philanthro{nc trigneiwhich all in- Slaverybringscizingcolleagaes.Mr. Dillon win permit us to say, that we seenothtag whatever, either in the tone or ta the substanceofhiscommunicationtodisturbour tiestaterested faith ta ite solidity.didand, as he is nowsimplyaLaw.—We trust that the attention of tbewith a " for anything whatso- responsibilityA Visit to Mount Vernon.ofpublicsinglewe have no sort o^ objection. We trust Tork, who appears to have been decidedly theta tbeDepartment uponit TbeSopeiiatead- andsaTOTad vainly to obtain a hearing mtttft Mct auojm* as wtU fmtnt tk* rtcumHee of flowing. If the whole population of the South that Mr. Dillon, like Mr. John Sioth, hero of the day. Before leavtag the wliarf ent has been discarded because he imristedapea to Mr. AmAnr npon the Seventh Begi- ntKilmr inroad* <i|ms our froHtitn. Texas can, and were to-morrow to be made free, rich, litigious or Mr. Jabzz Bbown, win always " take the this signalized himself by a havmg authority enou^ to make his ordoisitoitaimnenl. Mr. Gir>i.iT's bill le- vriU, If mffniai to. In thirty days be able to muster andthe- Print&ig coming up at a sub- In the Held thirty thousand men, who an anxious,. stage of tlie proceraings,, provoked a embarrasssd ss hor Unsaees are, to make reclama- tory,diacuasion, hi which the Democrats took a tionto a degree unknown in his- it could not supply occupation to one-"responsibility of his own letters ;and if this law the Boai4 of passes,occasion ta distmct and defiant maimer anythat he has cert^n tadivid- "oftheWest" Adesert air of Yemen.they are representative bodies, their resolu- Gu», Cbailbs W. Buiort snd Wiilu« K. Shohq." to import him at once, and let himvery littlebut thenotion, that, as secures for their de-;prevalentJoaNF.Bomnro«ni,JoB«tions have a meaning,"Had Mr. Dillon taken counsel of hisof the hitherto been followed. It seems to us the want of that an accusa^ strange sent. To compensate for can hardly be regarded as tavolvtagbybates the noticeof thepublicand a in reportfessesthe greatest respect."Association.debate andof the Virginia House of Delegates, which has which all our acquisitions of territory have and can act in nothing, ia never wholly ab- that his critical opinion upon a point ofEsthetics'dor given on a former occasion. The Committee " sciousnesstheycanonlyresolve, judgment herala..had the applicationfor acommutationMayor Wood, but it avows its strong wish thatSt. The followingJoaas,N. F., Thniaday, Haiek B.latest tbe intielUgence bysentence of STiraiis and Hazlktt, have reported that conservative men should hesitate for nil excitement— —obttdn a seat in the Charleston Con-theH.A.C. GaiT, Aniiw H.would have we think, perceived,Beginning to Despair.The Tribune titat it has no love for protestethe whoh^jnightvention, in order to effect the demolitionisto differ from him ta their notionsRnssxLL,We beg Mr. Cochbanevio-rites ofthemostim-character. The "Tartar Arab," says insurrecUon.extreme.The tax-payerswhoee"-jrilMlm^wl.bombasticwhich titillates the audience and this circumstance, as it cannot even be held to final destruction which befits political humbugs market sloses doll, aad previous quotatiaas antam-deformity,"T*«his amiable but structionhave been too exclusivelyFnaident of the Commission, andlikelya Oie coat of the Park by theattiie Di ii iHialhavebeen outfor aetaal itiaproHHeas. paidveryt9,S16,079 ;tiie tax-pay-igala byawhile, Inthisconclusionweheartilyacquiesce,and blightedhopes.tb say the Tribumt willMr. CocHBANE further presented the company for HalUsz and Botton.directed to the hon---^— - -^ "^^and we veatniehave no oecasioB for lamentation over Itabedirectedtocertain amendments now pending la the Legislature to the Metropolitan PoUm Law. The ladies of America have at last delivered It is proposed to reduce tbe number of Coaa-—ever in coimection with this matter of the Cen- Mount Vernon from the presence of Mr. John missioners to three,ta fortral Park at Albany. Whatwesaidvras,tiiatMr. A. Washirgtoh. The estate now belongs to potated April two,CoHELiKO, who, as a memberand on iaInapositiontomakehisstatementsofimport- Wednesdayafternoontheywentdownfromthe power detailingof" Nowweareconfidentthata littiediscipline wHI accusations both Houses." So but thirty representatives entirely upon him, and upon the due•officers. and a sparsely-Mr.CoNzuirahasnotrespondedtoonrsum-chelorMr.Clinoman)werefoundtodolookbeyondliimfortfaefrordtta,taA.losiatovery suspicious Pharisees,sort of concern, at present, either with Mr. Cocebane taterfered, saved the reporters from tion it deserves.simplyThe Pboposed AiEaDanrs to ihb FmjosSenator the' ba- ance of his authority. Ifmemheraoftiaeftiee (possibly;mayto have these tiireeout reference to the recent eootroreniea anyThe steamship Nott Scotim, whldi arrivedSpaalsh Han stoaaer Commissioners. The struggles of Europa, with later sews to tbe smalt. froB Cadis,attracted butUttie.ofourSpain, givingImpstasto thenBtveisalrwol»-;sugarqatts daB nnderthemarket forslgacomcKBcxu. ncwa.sales artlolesuBChsBted.Provisions dnli Other;ualmportaat.w&Fractal boNvdMsad for tbe United Statss,^*aUtSitaettar priea. Bhds. of «>»« «» sfa?d*tJt2U!to*i!*ic.«ooj»;*fc<i ^=fe^-"^^www.fultonhistory.com 