 0-^N E WNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.nrl)4Tn '••»»••'MK*»nv»brmiddlingopWfThere-Ithebodypoliticwhichirecompos*Tb*f%-AnctkerAntlSlaveryBook-Identityoff Jo?U»BrownandhisfollowersagaiastVu^1*jTue8IWLS^THB^IRBKI-REASIBLECWFUCT"H M A L U .OOPWOETB'S('«*( la'. B A L L ,B r o a d w ^ y - C i a u m *PATTTSworld,But it is not in commercial structures aloneY O R Kthe ,Kepublican Party wttn. Abollttoa- i t m - T h t Effect a t tiie SowCM.and in the incendiary fires ia Texas; and the rx THERfciTBMcajr t7**r—A very significantTHIS BVBirilfO.mawt OABBBB, Broadway -Tan DSAO BJuar.soasaBs BondSouthern, commerce to Northern industry. It is the old story of the members of the body quarrelling with the stomach, and determiningance of this metropolis than anything else that fell under their observation.of slavery," which exactly expresses the same idea.actors and managers have accumulated large fence of injured tanooea ce; but the Chicago fortunes, and have enjoyed all the luxuries of Convention lifted the cw'tain sufficiently toCABTBBBDBT *rn8IC HALL, • » Brotdwar.-Soaus, 9AJfcaa. B c i U K C B , A c.ticket washeld last evening intheCooperInititute. Mr. Kdward Cooper presided, aidei by a large number of Vice Presidents.' The only speak-prise of ourpioi 9 aeighbore-aeroe* the river that their new theatre is being decoratedgis. Mr. Johnson reiterated the statement frequently made by him in this campaign, $»at the election of Lincoln would endanger the 1'njon, although h« did not consider that fact of itself sufficient to justify secession. He made a strong appeal to thepeopleofNewYork to defeat the black republicans and thereby §ave the Oaion. We give a full report.A convention waa held last evening, at the head- quarters of the Democratic Volunteers, to select from among the candidates already nominated a ticket for city and county officers. The following were chosen:—F. A. Tallraadge, for Judge cf the Superior Court; John R. Livingston,.for CityJudge;JohnT.Hoffman,forRecorder;Ed- ward C. West, for Surrogate; C. Schwara- waelder. for Supervisor; and James Lynch, for Register. The meeting was anything but orderly from the beginning, but when the ques- tion of nominating Lynch came up, the partisans of M. T . Brennan, also a candidate for Register, madeof the South will not bans us. See, tfaav-ex- to that of God. Between the enpenditure onard almost ia the very language of Stewart. His idea is that .each generation should take-.Mat. »B8mercial views of the black republican party in regard to the South.Nothing could be more destructive than the revolutionary theories promulgated by the black republican leaden of the relations offeatures that most attracted the attention of the ist—that is to say, in/avor net only of the non- "poor player struts and frets hie brief hour feat of Littlejohn bees use he is in favor of Mr. Prince of Wales and his suite during their visit extension of slavery, but of its abolition." upon the stage, and then is beard of no more.1" Seward's re-election to ihe Senate.here. They .gave them a better idea of the Mr. Lincoln, the republican candidate for Presi- But nowa-days the player is not alwaysrapidly increasing wealth and growing import- dent, declares that he goes for the "extinction "poor." Both in Europe and this tountry The defence of Greets)' is the indignant de-waLLACKt ffBBATBB, Breadwayr—riunso fita worth the rinks taken to secure it;" "ournana a THSATSB, Bo. 0M Braedway. VBBATRKJiSaae-Mats Oeoaa—Mr Wire's Cossoundest merchants are declining any but the verybest,exlragiltSouthern names;"'ifthe blightofslaverycouldwithonebreathbe swept away, the whole business interests of the South* would be revolutioQi/.edf and.BABBTJjTB AMBBICAB MCSSCM.fBroadway -Da? rid~ara AAD Bia BasTBaas—Ltvura CtnisetS- "the lush ef emjgz.ants to that fair andbeautiful cciratiy wov'ld astonish both Eu- BBTAATr MIir<iTR*T>, MeeaMlW Hall. W* Broa4- rope aod Am*!4oa.:' 1 his is only a reitera- Bones,0AJICU.4o.—WaComrunIMB tfooofSeward"*-assert**<innisbrutalandnat/ys SALOOB. . ».—HOOLBT 4 CAWIIU i a i m u u ix tnuoriAji Soaos, BOSLXJKIJM, D u c u , 4 c — nsmm or WAUU' BAU.nation ever did before. But in the enthusiasm boners and profits o f Lincoln's1 admin** ration. in this connection. He was on actor In a veryanioitelaught uponfthe delegates, smashed the win- not receive offers for one b.ilf of the ten mil-the Helper book-mastiaHy for the ner-t.teu yea-s. They have already, by tba a**p of their frlende in Coogreso, gi vee ourreccy to more than one hnndaad thousand copies of it, aad ws ahoutdiba) glad If they would raise tbe niio hertoonemillion.. TOLHelperboo'.gbowsmoatforcibly that a&very oughtnoa'to be extends!^.by proving thai It, ought not to exist-.liste.the linb-'iu expounds* the doctrine of.the ptvrt/ by a reference to th» political gospelFLINKEVWSI JCC AOLBAJJT.—The visit of the housa," and aiguri well far the pecuniary suaeo * of I hadows of the hall, and finally broke up the meeting. The rowdies then organized a meeting, and com- pelled the chairman of the regular convention, un- der pain of personal violence, to declare Brennan the nominee for Register. An account of the fray ia given in another column.lions wanted, notwithstanding the many millions of oapital BOWunemployed. Richmond, Balti- more and Charleston are stagnant in trade and population, because New^York and our North- ern ports absorb the commerce of their regions;Prince of Wal<avdid noapass off without a dis- play of iunkeyism, it appears, and that, too, in a quarter w t ere one would least desire to fiad it—in the he vsebold of the Governor of thenewenterprise. Inr<gvitcthe Derforaaaea. wehave rety MtUe to aay. "Robtrt le U a W requires somsthlrg more than good sis gin* a o d finece.pt. at ,be port, sto* the i* „, •>p»r«ber havereached « » 60© bakl, egituet 606,000 la 166.*, aad 460,CO ia 1868 Toe export! ia the taate period hare reached120 C00 nates, sg»ir.<rt 901,000 la 1859, aad 124.C0O la1668 The atook on head amounts to 410,000 bales, against first to feel the danger that attends the wholB cause in the crisis of the battle. It is entitled rlict" afe the burning words emblazoned on these columns, i t will thus be perceived that CT5.000 In I860, aad 8*0,000 la 1868 Owing to lite- community, and on us depends the defeat of "Writings and Speeches of Alvan Stewart on their banners. What the effect of this revolu while Greeley and Raymond have both been ral receipts aad toe unfavorable sows from that insane party whose policy would bring Slavery. Edited by Luther Rawson Marsh."claim, lie United Statoe stocks rate higher in every market in the woild than British consols; behold tho new United States loan taken atthis and the numerous ether buildings, public and private, whki ana at present going up in the City sf 'Churches, there willTbe latter uses the words "eternal hostility" ant! «a?e of itself. When he is ia the humc:* New 'Fork. Considering the unfavorable-cir- }Dat,oi5m fif ttd North „ aIready aUrrnkg the South and toflictixig serious-Injtiry there. The Empire State and this metropolitan city art thonext will probably be in the election of Lin- sc!e from the New To?£ TrU/um, including ari• i • > « u O K O i l " B B H n K T I , IIHTOB ANO PROPRIEKMl-o w e s K. v . coaxs* o r rcxroH AXD NASSAU BT3. abroad by the City of Washington, the floor market waa rtvolution and ruin. Our State has come b*ok It is issued from the same treason depot at tionary propsgandism* is at the South may be laboring in the vin *yard of our "rural dis-rase*"35" J i / r r STJWMCJ> *«*> o*t* »*•>« * WMMMLT MXAALD, «Mry ~TTtw=heavy and closed with fair aalea, at a decline or BveeenU to its old position in our Presidential contests, which Helpers book is published. The author Been in an able articfe which we copy from a tricts" in behalf of Jdncoin, each has had perbarrel,aadforaoaaekind*aamuch aa teacentsper Texan journal,lawhich ihe writerproclaims anothergametoplay. TL**"Httle vUlala"ofbarrel. Wheat waa eaaier for coasaoe arales, aad more and as we go so goes the Union. The material! is one of the oldest and most distinguishedactive at the eooceeaion. Cora a n eteady and active. interests of thirty mil lions of men are about to abolition agitators in this State. So loog ago the ultimatum of the South to be-"The Con-with aalea of Westers mind at 6S)fc. a 70s , aad aome be confided to our wisdom and our judgment as 1833 be '^organized societies, delivered ad- stitution or Dissolution."the Times, taking a "quadriL^****!'' view of the subject, says that the principal' Phject of Gree- ley s electioneering tour "seems to have beenround yeUow it 76c Park waa eteady, with aalea of meeeat $19 36**10 87*, and of new prime at 814 60 Sugarsmeetly Calm muscovado for refining, chiefly at OXc. that a deadly blow cannot be struck at the He founded an anti slavery society at Utica, of world the popular playe? has, perkaps, theA new anti slavery > book has just made iteappearance] in aid of the black republican low. "Eternal hostility" and "eternal con •Idered fcu.^cifRtiy interesting to transfer toLet every man in the State, therefore, awake to dresses, wrote reports and essays, collected and THB STAGE IN THE METROPOS*—A WORD to look after the republican member of Assem- were qstet b n steady, w|th aalea of about 300 hhds , the importance of the occasion, and remember expended money, and travelled far and wide." ABOUT THE ACTORS.- Of all public men in the bly, in whose preferences for United 8iateaSenator he takes a very marked and peculiar South without affecting us vitally too. wnich he was eleoted President H e was the strongest bold upon tbe affections of the masses. interest" This interest, it appears, is so rery"liberty" candidate for Governor of the StateIt seems to be a sort of compensation fc* the peculiar, that ensile Greeley pretends to opfese BurnrsG EsTEBrwsB IN NKW YORKA.VD Ifll83o> Hediedin1849,andhissonin-law, factthatbisworkscannotliveafterhim.The thereelectionofoneLittlejohntotheLegisti- BROOKLYN.—ThenumberandsplendoroftheMr.Marsh,ablackrepublicancrusader,now politicianImpresseshisindividualityupontheture,onaccountefhisparticipationinits We give elsewhere to-day an article from the new buildings now in progress of erection in collects %ancal publishes hii works. He says;— history of the country; the master works of the* lobby corruptions ot* last winter, the real objectIndependent, which contains the absurd com- various party of our city were amongst the "Alvan Stewfurt was an undoubted abolition- painter and the,sculptor are immortal; but the of Greeley's course mpon this matter is the do-Freights wer» trm, with a lair amount of engagements.Tmo lauereate of the South andofthe ltblon->•wYorkIJ»eAmofSafety.life as they sailed along before the breeze of show us that there is, indea 't an "irrepressible Some of the more timid republican leaders, popular favor. When the tide once turns in conflict" going on in the Ne\ * Y o r k repnblican Park, and there will be found more evidences now that they think the election of Lincoln se- their direction tbey become the Alexanders of camp between Greeley and fa ;« backers OBtheTake the line of Broadway to the Centralfiai Sanr-Asa- Fan, or IOIMI-HIU. its bills but once A jear, says the Independent of building activity and enterprise than are to cure, are beginning to deny that She republican the bosr. They are flattered by the men,ca- one side, and Seward and his trainers on theBOWBBT TBaUTU, BOWWT -UTDA ret Sac ia CUat— to starre it Into submission. Trade that pays is ruinous; therefore the Southern trade "is notbe met with in any similar thoroughfare in the party is an abottdonist party, and are even try- ressed and petted by the women, and cheered ?ther. Greeley haTthe bulk of our city re-world. The stores, both in their proportions ing to throw overboard the Helper book. by the sweet voices of the general public. In publicans with him, and the a t a M e s o f t h eand architectural decorations, surpass every- They think that matters may gc too far* many inssnnces human nature has been found 'rural districts; but he is deit i e n t to ^thingthatthe ambitionofEuropeancommuni- and they are startled at the attitude too weak to resist the numerous tempta- Iengineers, sappers andminers c< tbe lobby.tieshasaspiredto.Theyhave,fatfact,moretheoftheSouthandshudderattheconsequencestionswhicH'besetthepopularfavoriteon AgainsthimarrMr.Seward,Mat,torWeed«character of Italian palaces than of trade empori- to themselves and their children of a revolution the Chevalier Webb, H. Jeakfas Raymond ums. Built of white marble or colored stone, every hand. In others sharp financiers havecomposed of the richest styles of architecture, which will break up the federal Union under swindled the child of genius out of the profits aad others, "whe know the rewe *•" ^ and but too frequently presenting a lavish com- which the country has* prospered as no ether of his toil. TS? case of poor Rice occurs to us tbr»e men expect to share large*/ •* t0*Yorkisdestinedamongstthecapitalsofthe legionspressingthembehind,likecowardsina Ithappenedtobeagoodone. Hepickedup SewarhVsplaceintheSenate,aefl;ntinu\ ?iabination of several, they offer to the eye of theforeignvisiteraspectaclewhiehcannotbutim- ofvictoryandtheflushofsuccess,thesecau- subordinatepositionattheParktheatre,and Gre3iey,withallhis-modesty,brasBte*%•»tiiebloody Rochester speech,- that Charleston and press him with the supremacy to which New tious men will be borne along by the rampant one day was suddenly illuminated with an idea. trail ae any of them. Phst, he aspires It ' M r 'reew Orleans must Decoa* fre® labor marts,and his more receco asser** ' that if Europewant? cotton and stiver it m««* k Bend its whitelabor$»tothefeverstriciewfleldfl of&* thataretobefoundtheindicationsofourunpa-stormingcolumnofinfantryrcarriedforwardby !in Virginia someof theplantationsongs,imi- tfu>.!:?•will be content;likeForney,wit* 'he their brave comrade! in spite of themselves. tated tbe negro dialect and manner, invented a office cf Postmaster General. lUynrcnd; « * The leading organ of the blank republican par pinch, wenld consent to take Seward's phV* •»dance—thefamousJimCrowjump—andmoneyty and the great chief of the republican host do poured in upon him Mke water. lie was a care- Webb o^ course, with h^Austrian etrtfit Nil; South to produce them. TheyB mount to the ralleled prosperity and nascent greatness as a not endorse any milk and water, half and half lees, generous, good-natured fellow, and let by in 1st ^sder, expects a foreign miseicn; -wdfltl studiedirclaxationthjfrexistingtsocietyatthe metropolitancommunity.Thenewchurches,th* policy. HoraceGreeley,oftheNewYork othersmakethehaywhilehissuashone.He WeedisgloatingovertheprospeetcfhisI*lTBIPLE SHEET. South mtart be swept away to mat*^e T(x>a^ f°r new theatres and the new hotels, which are Tribune, and Mr. Seward are thejoint creators neglected to take out a patent fcr hkiaven pickings as-tbe inevitable ling of the kitchen:crowds of red republican emigt^B% lfromEu* •ewYork,Tnaredayr,October»3,isoo. ropewhowf41votetheblrefrrepublf-s,*nticket I In order to show the irBmenait^of existing The News. interests wKeh these fanatics wo*rld> "sweep ByanarrivalatNewOrleaiuwehare advices awaywithabreath,"weappendtcltr«.articlefrom Vera Cruz to the 21st last. The reports of the from the Indeinendent a statement ofiito total erection several churches, an institute of fine fevers!' years since, upon an ample fortune tbe Senate aad tbe Cabinet and be maytatoa raptureoTGnsdalajarabytheliberals,endofthe exportsofthecountryin1869^'with^sfecifi- arts,anewtheatre(Wallack's),andavarietyof thatdistinguishedleaderoftheabolitionistsand Among?themanagers,Slmpsor,ofthePark. regulatetbeshoreoftbespoilsrespectivelytoarreet of General Degollado because of his holding cation of the products which Sotrtbera in- other public edifices more or less costly, either those of William H. Seward. It proves more—communication with the enemy, are confirmed. It dustry contributed thereto. .Tythisstatem ent on the line of, or within a stone's throw of it shows that Mr. Seward not only derived hiswaa reported that Puebla had been abandoned it will be seey that of *•*• aggregstte- of Broadway. At the corner of Fifty-ninth street "irrepressible conflict" ideas from Stewart, butby the chorih forces, and that the garrison borrowed from him the very language in which had gone to the capital. Mich suffering $278 000,000 thb- slave Ste.Bs oontribuBB * and Eighth avenue a whole square has beenexisted at the city of Mexico, and also §200000,000,orseventy-twojercentoftit>purchasedfortoeerectionofamagnificent heexpressedthem.Mr.Stewartsaytt—atGuadalajara,inconsequenceofthepro-whole.Sweepthut-awaywith3-breatn,as-ana hotel,overlookingtheCentralPark.Infact, Thiscationwill,Icashorttime,bedividedintotwo t parties, which will swallow all others up, to wit:—was remarkable. He was- always making-for- be awarded to Weed, Webb, Invymond, Lfcttts- tunes and continually embarking in rash john and company. On the other hand, shsntd and ruinous speculations. Burton made and this new Legislature be against the delegate - lost several fortunes, and' died wealthy. from Oregon, aad-subject to the aod of Weed;tractedsiegeofthelatterplace. MinisterMcLane arrived at Vera Cruz in the Pawnee on the 17th inst The aloop ot-war Savannah and the steam frigate Susquehanna sailed from Vera Cruz o n t h e19WJ. the former for New York and the latter forKey West. The health of the squadron was excel- lent.We hare received files of Port au Prince tpapers to the 6th fast., but they contain no newsof general interest. >The State Department received despatches fromthe Central and South American republics b y t h e steamerAriel,whicharrivedatthisportenTues- day. The substance of them is given in our tele- graphicdespatchfromWashington thismorning. Nothing is official!/ known aa to the result of thedemands of our government on Peru, but it is stated that it w a s understood that those demandshad been rejected.A large mass meeting in support of the Union every Northern State.thiolthat labor la honorable In all, aad liberty the right or under.-too«i"to stand well with his banker, and still be strong eanugh to stand t>ground be-blackrepublloanswishtodo,orereninaugurate thegeneralmovementinthatdirectionhas at Washington a policy wn.tch. looks to ite I acquired snob an impetus since the Park hasautislaveryoneononeaideandaproslaveryonecm other: the arst holding that all atea axe created equalNiblo has retired upon a handsome therewillbeiterriblerumpuslathefamily; fortune,aadisdoingtheagriculturalandhorti-forGreeley,withGeneralCameronandallthe culturaloconextensivescaler Mr.Wallackis Lincolnleader?atChicagoatIJbrback,will*prospective destruction, and t!» very heart and soul will bo destroyed in Northern commerce and Northern industry. Our benbs, deprived of the resources and bwiness which eome to them from the slave Stat % will have to suspend, our shipping will bo-tied up in idleness at our wbarrep our wot ishops wttl find themselves without orders, a a d a panic and ruin worse than-that of L \'5 will r.»o1 been opened to the public that our wealthywbile the Utter or pr» alavery party will aoM that is about tc • build a new theatre. Mr. Henry fore "Honest Old Abe" at Washington. SSe portion of the conutry ia bjm to be alavw to thethroughthewholecommunity. 1Benthere tenmillions.own population, oil me roles of morality and juttico. and 3rfytberale*waietigovernbeaststomen—AeteSUnet-intwoorthreeyearsmore. Hehasasplendidtt rttcastfrily 6* wt eternal *on/!ict until liberty coaeuen residence in the- centre of Philadelphia, where slavery, o r slavery overturns the liberty of all. Tue vi-sweep away the existing aecietj of tLe< bout>, ' portions, will alaeat vie with our own Academy and malie room for a new migra tion from the {of M^sic. It dotBsewi nothlngcfrom the enter-the shock to which it mast M constantly exposed In en- deavoring to maintain propositions in eternal hostility to each other —P. 238HNorsk, would extend it?- derastat ing cSects toHere, town, ia the source of Mr. Lincoln's speech at Springfield, and Seward's "irrepresef- strictlyin the ecelesfantical style. Theyhad bisconflict*"'speech deliveredatRochestertwo years ago. The theory of the antagonism of freeandslave-labor,andoftheenduringnatureThere is a set of shaUosr pated demrgogues difficulty in recon Miag the meetves to the pro- amongu>whowillnotlookthefeaturetiseyare jectatall,andtheyareprovidently arrangingsidency, the Hon. Herschel V.Johnson, of Geo*- out that a war upon Uis-domestic institutions the service of the Fovil, it cam sesily be adapted•whence he has lately returned. Mr. HacketthaebuiltforhimsaH abeautiful villa onthe proportion of 10,0<JDto 40.000—the*respec-tive numbers of tbe- two street demon- < heights of Yonkcr* He is a philosopher whe straticBs. The procession on Tuesday night ;was one of tbe moat briKiant ever aeon-in..ers were General Leslie Combe, of Kentucky, striving to create full ia- the face, and v/ho cryand the Douglas candidate for the Vice Pre- matters so that if the buHdinc should not pay inof the CODliet between them till one or otherspringing up in every direction, prove that all of the/ party, express its sentiments, and wield oursocialandreligiouswantsareprovidedfor moreinfluenceoveritthananyothermenwith the same ambitious taste and prodigality of in the country. Now Alvan Stewart's book,tion, or even to lay by anything fbr a rainy All these things will depend^ery ouch, to day.Hediedrecenfly,innarrowcircum- tbefirstpl&sw,onthecomplexionofonrnew stances, wbile many of his succeascrrria the Legislature. If it shall go whh Greeley; thatexpenditure that characterize our other build- just published as a republican campaign docu business are wealthy. Ode of them retired. philanthropic4 philosopher mny choose between ings.Atthepresenttimethereareinprogressof saent,provestheidentityofthedoctrinesofpeople are buying up all the ground they ether, and that lafcor is dishonorable aod a badge of mean- Placide, onc-of tbe old guard, has retired upon . "It is a very pretty quarrel as it staade;" but aeas and a kindred principle with slavery. The liberty,can procure in its neighborhood, and com- laving, labor honorisf party; the slaveholdieg, labor de a competence. with the election of Lincoln there will be such"nvencing there the construction of residences SBSnsg party—to this complexion the psople of thisCOMB- Of the wett-to do actors who have not yet re- hot work between these two con'.jrting New • 8Jy meat come at last. This will be the grand dtviatoalot *ended to surpass in palatini elegance and Between the political parti's of this country—P. 180. tired, we have*Mr. Forrest—wferis nowrjlayln* Tork cliques for tho -front seats in ihe Senate,cos tliness those of Fh\h avenue and Madi- To- talk of regelating such aa Institution as slavery a tplendid engagement—and adding materially tbe Cabinet and tho- kitchen, that v e may rea- by ccBstltutloos, jbstja&rf equitable laws, in which*w»son square. Taken altogether, the expend! cosBQjcnitiee nvi« adattalster those constitution:: an<t to an ample fortune; and Mr. Haekett, who has sonably hope it will bring out ail the -rascalities -ture <on bullJbigs in this eity alone during the laws the one » aotnmunrty of free men, aenaltively alive always been a very great public favorite. Mr. to persona! liberty; the other a community of slavehold-presen t year will probably not faU short of ers, who have to reverse, aa far aa regards ooe-ba!.' of ite• Forrest, we presume?will retire frem the stageon both sides of the last four years.TBE DKMOXSTRATICW OK TUESDAY BJJSHTV— The Union men of this city have she en them- selves to be as superior to their opponents in nu-merical force astbeyareinailtoepriaetpleeof patriotism and human rights. Accordiaw/ so the Wide Awake procession early this m;oth, and the Union display of Tuesday eveniag, it is evident that, in the coming election, this city will p>U an overwhekning majority against the rail splitter. The majority will '.» in thewill be no South to look to, as Jn th^ieventfulyear,feecommercialsesnscitation,andtherevolution with which it is no w proposed to- is now approuewng complete*-, which, in pro- system of liberty and slaver;- in jnztepoattiot: SurvivingIn Brooklyn a large outlay-is also being in-curredfornewbuildings.AnOperaHouse-ciousprtnotplewhiehhasbeenadmittedintotherepub lieofslaveryfforboidJ the posai3ilttyof oir complicatedbecanfind,ifhydesiresit,asolitudeasdeep as that of tbe Barcan desert Mr. Hackett avowed his intension, some time since, to retire from the stage, aad purchased a principality In- the West, but afterwards relinquished hisintention of turning farmer on a large scale,and made a trip to California, fromsuccumbs, ia promulgated by Lincoln and Sew- tabes life easy and looks younger than his sons.cumstances under which- it was organised aad -carried into perfection, it must be uaivar--} i s a 7 to him, sally admitted that it was the most enthusiastic^ " Ilxiott. Hackett, why don tf outburst ever offered to the Unica cause-./ j you work ? You might make a thousand! It is now the duty of the conservative, mex'-sdollars a week.' " I don't -asant to work,"* chants of tbe city to see that all the hills aris-was the reply cf the ep'fcarean pbilo3e» ing out of this popular manifestation chould bo -i pher; "I wish to 3o «a-1 like, And so Haak- discharged, and that the burden shall not be- «tt is now in perfeat oonditio and should cer- thrown upon the shoulders of Captain iyndoss .tainly give tbe pu'jiie a taste cf bis quality. H e Tbe demonstraHon has conclusively shewn tike t • ie one of the veteran* whe do not lay superflu- New York is truly a national city.candothesumintheEaleofThreewhichsaowsinterestsandcivioftrospeitty.Shouldseees-emplojmentofhiaNortherncyrmidonstcthebeginningofthisarticle,neverforgoesits ACASEUTorMrsjc—Tho-Fabbri-Formee£*•*£•asB that if a throe per cant stock is worth ?%a five sion follow upon the* election* or upon the acts coerce the Sosub Int«- perfect subssission to it old favorites, e\ew when they, as too often menced last night, with 'Robert le DlaUa^ auaf iaa small premium; contemplate Baltimore-, not be less thai thi ee raiilions laid oatcommand, within a small figure, as high a rate- in every market in the world as United States stocks paying five pas cent, and any ^hoolboyand Richmond, and Charleston, how stag-Dint thoy are in population and trade.These am but the self-delusions of ignorance,or t h o misstatements o f wilful fataekoodtBri isa consols paying, three per cent interest, It should not be fwa>>tton that this enormousThe subscribers to the testimonial to be prea nt- but erect custom houses along Mason and been a source, of disquietude to the fsfends ofed to Capt. Wttaon and the officers and c*ew of Dixon's line, and place a tariS between them Italy. It looked as if be would LBable tothe brig Minnie Schiffar. who so gallantly rescued and the Northern ports, and their trade would gather about him thero the element of a for- slavery, bus strike at its vesy existence.the pas.*engers and crew of the Galway steamer soon acquire an immense devetopement, to theterday. The sum subscribed waa something over 1 there; and if this could not be preserved the ing of uneasiness was strengthenei.by the con- themselwas.Ia another column will be found some- exr Connaught,metattheChamberofCommerceyes- lossoftheNorth,ifpeacecouldbepreserved sultiniherecovesyofhiskingdom*Thisfeel- trscjsfromtheHelperbook,whichspeak,forfivethousanddollars. Itwasagreed togive$500jNorthwouldbeequallyaloser. to the mate of the brig. 8100 to each of the crew,ductittheNeapolitanpeasantry,ontheocca- Tbiabook,whichadvocatestheextinctionof sion of the unrbstunate reconnaissance made slavery byfireand sweti, Is announcei by thethis year, thus maklaej .f or the two cities an ag- gregate outlay in buiadi'aga alone for the last twelve months o f thhrto en mit'Jon*.Francis. President of the Medisal Board. Remarks msgogues and politicians are crying out' Oh, discouragement to xsader it imperative that the party.were also made by Dr. V. Mott, Dr. B. W. McGrea- there is no danger; there is no reason to be nucleus of reaction maintained by the Kings When tho Kanas question* was » 3tt!ea, ttnd Jv and Simeon Draper. President of the Board of alarmed; it is bnly the selfish merchants who presence on the Neapolitan soil jAculd bo put that "blscding" aWrce of sepubJJr ^ p i ^an officer and a citizen, and, if it be true, no one Madame Fabbrl, Madame D'Ormy, Stigo.U %&J F<can blame him for pursuing such a course. H i s Che "Hugaenots" IF announced for Monday.military rank entitled him to all the courtesies DoDwoaiHS BALL—Ttie programms far Mias OartotU extended to the other officers of the staff, and Patti's concert Hits evening la aa eieoad!/ tg\T mractive bis position in civil life was no bar to his re- one. Miss PaUi smga the duo from tsa » Barber," wiUiPublic Charitiea and Corrections.At the special meeting of the Board of Educa-tionlast e\enlng,theCommitteeonAnnualEsti-mates reported that the expenses of the Board for1961 they set down at $1,300,000. The Items aregiven with our report of the proceedings of the san and the laborer? Their immediate and in- impracticable assault upon Venice, he is fol- Board. Thereportwaaadopted. evitableruinattendsthefallofthemerchants. lowingupvigorouslyhiscampaignagainsttheWithlargereceiptsofbeefcattle,themarket TheseselfishImpulses,astheyarefalselycalled, royaltroops.ThedetailsofthebattleofVol-turno. received by the City of Washington, show that that affair was near proving decisive of the fate of Capua, the Neapolitan army hav- ing been routed, with a loss of over three thou- sand men killed and five thousand taken pri- soners. When it is recollected that these troops constituted the flower of the Neapolitan army, it will not be wondered at that the lass amongst the volunteers should also have been conside- rable. T i e case of (he Kic* has been ren- Idered so desperate by this last affair that it iaprobable the next anital will bring us ne^s efmwas dried up, the leadew. of ta< j p a r t y in .yesterday was again dull, and pricea of all grade* of the merchants are the tkrobbiogs of the not atrictly prime may bo written down half ft cent tide of our national and social existence pricea virymg from *|e. to 9c. a »«c. Milch cow* in its very heart Ever* politician, office were steady. Veala were ha request and aomewhatwhichtheynowcontestWaPresidentialelec- entclassfromthehotellandlordsofEngland, FrenchchantottnetteFerri,9sa»iraaifaatoalsoassist tion,Accoroar^tolQroaPey,onehundredthou- whoareforthemostpartupperservants.The inihisconcert,whichsuggestsawarterlty.higher, ranging from % . to Tc. a Tic., as to quality, bolder aad demagogue in the countrysand copies of it have b eon distributed; and it is bat one of the drWdents sent out from the two central tieasc* 8 n 0 D 8 eitobliahed ia this city—one in Wall, - g t ^ u d ^ 0ther In theroyal party themselves even must have observed FROM THB BRITISH PKOVLV ,aa.—' j r at. John (S. B ) p* this in their intercourse with their hosts of the pers to Oct. 16, we loara taoh the late gales have beaa different hotels, and we are certain that no ob very destructive on the Bases' j of the (.ulf of St. Lav-reoce, but no addttkmalahtp' wrecks are annoenced The jection to the company of Gen. Mitchell came raUsay wharf at 8aaalao was greatly shattered Atcould bo swept away, and we should still higher. Swine were plenty, dull and lower. The be B nappy and prosperous community;from them. His exclusion was a gratuitous piece offlunkeyism on the part of Governor Morgan, dictated by a spirit wholly at variance with the institutions and customs ef the ooun try. It was, moreover, a slight ant upon aa offiCafe Megro, near BMUUO^ 'lne house of Saaaaal McLean, boatbuilder, Jwaa asxaea t o the ground, aad, melancholy to relate, Mr. hkaeaa Mrjaetf, his wife, aad a graadehUd who waaauyug with laem, periahed in the fiames— their remain» astsg <f. ncovered among the smouldering embers in the cell**. Mr. CaldweU has BOSS re ejected Mayor of MaUfax The St. Jon* (N. B ) papers complain that ft? soma y*Vs past the officials of Boston and other towns hi Now awaanaf have made a practice of sandingsheep and Lambs were active and 16c. per headTribune office.Whilst this extensive propa-total receipt! for the week veto 5,103 beeves, l e t cows, 70S veala, 11,115 sheep and lambs and 9,075 swine.bat sweep awny the merchants, aad every inte- rest snd pursuit in life would be involved la irremediable ruin. The panic of 1857 carried down only one twentieth of the merchants in the land, and yet how great was the destruc- tion which flowed.« * •systematicallyconductedby theare frightened.7 But who, we aek, will be the firsttomeettheimpendingruin! Itisthemer- chants. And when they a r e ruined, what b e -an end to as BOOS as possible.comes of the manufacturer, tho farmer, the arti-North, make converts to t t * republican faith,and prepare the waly JOE ft* 8ectional issue onMme. Strakosrh, the duo fbr soprano s nd coatraUo fram country. Hotel keepers in tbe United States •Sappho " Brtgooll gives tlie 4*Doa Iv^tqaale" sarsnade; are gentlemen, and belong to an entirely differ- Oobron the Bolero from the «- Vasarer SieUiennae" .id aaa the pwnvrst. B m a v w M V i i aw taw w i m vi of Capua,ceo* pn>duced their first fruit to tit raidofmidable reactionary movement, whio* might re-dinner dui i n g their visit to Albany. Among public at the present day. Apart from this defect, wbioa those invi tod to the repast were, very properly, may be very eaatly remelied, the performance of Law,night was, in the main, food. Madame FabOri stag severalofficersoftheGovernor'sstaff,Includ- Alice,forthefirsttimehere,sndmadeavertt^teing Qua rtermaster General Mitchell. But it success Her ecene with Bertrand at ti.e cross aas happens-,thatGen.Mitchellisthelandlordof very finely done Formes is as intense as e«arCongrem HaU, the hotel at which the Prince in Bertrard. No fault can be found wS-. kia was fdnyfng, as well as the Quartermaster acting, on the contrary, it merits high praise* BitGen< *al of the State militia, and in the former this very clever artist ahoulJ not presusaa. too much upon hla popularity, and should siac, mire capsH&y it was deemed inappropriate that he carefully. Stigelii song the very difficult i-art of A*l>ertWeareglaitofindthatGaribaldihasbe- come fully alive to this fact» and that, instead of occupying himself with preparations for aneludingthemembersofGoagtrHelps* to bring out this, boa*iM emp 0Tedto agitate theception at any table in this free and enlightenedFetri; therondofinolefromthe"flnnsaw'0aui|» and,w:t,"eternal conflict," and Seward tbe phrase "irre he appears before a public which is al-pretslble sot Hick" Tbe meaning of both is the same. Black republicanism and abolitionism are therefore idafijtioah Has Mr. Se-vard since renounced his Rocbeete? manifesto? Not at all; but, on the contrary in bis recent tour in the West, he has reiterated its principles la stronger language, and, as our readers ha7» seen, has given further devolopemente o f the-.republican programme, sucb as the abolition cf the armyways glad to see him. Sirapeon used toexpenditure is being incurred at a time whanthe country is threatened with political dangarsof the gravest kia«t I *d whieh may bring intheir train the destruction of our commercial and navy, witha^tew to make room for the ous on the stage, aad the public, as we sake atper cent stock should be worth" 155. Asfor the of a republican I>esJ,dent, it-may be safely esti- doom.happens, forget themselves. The Potrests. Italian by Ceraasa to a thoroughly German tiiSlenaa. it isvtryagreeable to be able to saythattta»bosoa wasHacketts and! Xnllacks* however, are orna- roU aa* very eathualaiUc. Bat few places x tas pubidsforthenewloan,everybanker kaewsthat if they were to be made to day, with the devel- opements in the South that are now momently occurring, the Secretary of the Treasury wouldmatedthatthenew buildingsonwhichall?this Whatdoes the-Ikitomesay,even so lateasmoney has beeoi la id out wail be reduced to twenty per cent o£, the value of their total cost A pleasant prospect for tkose whose money is thus Invested.TUE WAR ai. NAPLES.SARnuLm's VICTORY ATVoLTtRNe*—The pcoiiieo of the Kin^of Na- ples, strcngjy fortified.as he is at Caina. hasMonday Ja&t ia reference to Helper's book:—ments to their rtefession^ and fully deserve the We v»iah the anti republican journals* wonld advertiti.- rewards they hawereceived.queue aud grand tier were vacant, while the- mare popu- lar parte of the theaira were crowdoi t o axes » . n was what ia called la theatrical parkuc* a " payingcoln and the" worul consequences that may fol- certain ^tracts from the TTirtis. we have coo-frcm the scene patator and the stagw manager Empire Stab a. Everybody knows that Governor some attention As g4veo at the Academy, the miu enaccording to Helper, and daosaree that its aimsaie.not .limited to the mtre son extension.of Morgan er tertained the Prince and suite at loeneof "Robert" it cot up to the require stents of tha»to appropriate $300 for the purchase of a chrono- meter for Capt. Wilson, and to hand the balance of the money, about $3,600, in cash, to him. It waa stated that city life insurance companies have settled one hund/ed or one hundred and fifty dol- lars i er annum on the captain during his life, thesame to continue to his wilt* if she survives him.The introductory address to the course of lec-turestobedeliveredtothemedicalstudentsofthiscitydaringtheen«uing winter was delivered,VtheBelkyneHrwpitalyesterday,by^Dr.J.W.laborshallnotconstituteanelementTheie fulimpositions.InailthistherewaasufficientitsdogmasarathecreedofIke-wpublicanconsequenceoftheslightthusputuponhimas t»nFriday"Martha"'willbegivenin(carmet,witaThe truth is just beginning to davn upon the financial and industrial community, that if a I party whose very existence is based upon thefrom Garibaldi's headquarters. Not only dich 1 hey afford no skelter to the raireating volua- teers, but tbey Ired upon andtOut them down7W&UH£ as one of "the, campaign documents"to which it "Invites the attention of thftfriendsof the republican cisge. * Mr. Seward, ThuriowWcsd and Governcjg. Morgan have endorsed it sbettld have a seat at the gubernatorial table; w lib eveo more than his usual abilitfj, and m*£a> a 'deidea that "slavery is an evil and a crime" is wherever they had an opposiu&ity. In Naplestriumphant at tho coming election, the whole jitself tbe oonduct of the inhabitants has latterlysystem of our labor and trade will be revolu betrayed more than indiffsr/snee to their deliv-tionized, and tho fabric of our commercial credit erers. They appear to tzs&t them as if tbeywillbedestroyed,togiveplacetoanewsystem wereahostileforceconpateorilybilleted*uponandanewfabric,inwhichtheproductsofslave them,andpractiseuponthemthemostshame- booktotheUst,andnomancandoe'ot that ItissaidthatGen.Mitchellhasresignedin lion.aa4 tbe names oi jfty eight republican rmvx fie, through the agency of Governor Tburlowcided sentatiun. The genoral effect of tbe per/ormauc* was marred by tbe wilful murder o' some of loe minor riUs, but tbe audieuce took tbe good with th> bad, onbers of Congress written on ite backvout* for t W*ed' Gove.raor M<*««» politely managed toits orthodoxy, ro tbe election for, Speakf iV of keep the chief of his staff away from the enter oyed the former and Buffered the latter (iato^fChwe Inbis departure fo* Home and of the caplMaUQa tion,financialconvulsion aad civil war. Theseroyal fashion that he has imbibed the taint and saaBttw. Every year this moaairoua a n t Is itxrtastef, bat our vigilant lafSTSStSal BSBBVokSOW cc«-- - wt«t-abiv.rdiU'.* of a court.Untitled DocumenttheHouseofRepresentativesthe;,stood>,ythetainment chide the hungry acd meagre ballet Uarlth a^^eUe reeigaa.a**0**10republican headers, the democratic party were so inionA ton the public plunder, and, split into t w * factions, were waging sofiercea war against **«*> other, that they had neither leisure norino'^natioa to counteract the measures of theosr of high rank, which we are sure his brother do«Bamuna«r of paupers to St. John. Some of these officers all over the State will feel aad ought Ms teas •alssBWJ, and soon lad their way to the alms-house, soma are Idtotie.end after a time beoosas U to reseat It would se^m as If Governor We;,* of thassylum. Others are broken sows thieves,enemy who waa sowing the seeds of revolu- waa accustomed to rule at Albany in sue** right tars, Ax., and try to praatlaa their old profession " % beccsas. In oae way or other, m baraaa to tae ssaa-acting; it demandsand, the costamer Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 