 \arIfI. Andrew Johnson of Tennessee, who was oneof stock of Novo, McCord ScCo. was consumed. TheIasfollow8:I. Itisa factthat there,are nowfour unorgan-ized, imperfect, indigenous Territories within thelimits of our Union—to-wit,, 1. Dakota, west ofMinnesota, and comprising that portion of the Ter-ritory of Minnesota which was excluded from theState;2.Idaho,or"Pike'sPeak,"comprisingtheRocky Mountain Gold Region and its neighborhood, made up in favor of having our domestic Mails that it is ceriainly very far from being.true of the for remuneration hereafter. H e states that the a severe sorm proBiratir;g tbe telecraph line; w h i c h , t h o u g h n o m i n a l l y w i t h i n t h e T e r r i t o r y o f-fair natural abilities, careful and thorough training,good moral character, and amiable disposition. H eis destined, shouldhe outlive hismother, to be Kingof Great Britain—a position of great power and and had to be backed square out of, leaving no responsibility. If he is now, aswe presume, travel-of fr&ud and forgery in packing the Convention. T h e State is in debt and pretty heavily taxed, and Rector favors something which lookBa good deal like repudi- ation, walking into corruption and rapacity in the State/ury of our riationalexistence.lt was a pohtical ora- •fstrawberrieshavebeenraisedtxdsseasoninBergen. ofhielife,andweshallbeenshrinedinhismemory, limithishoursofaddictiontocurrent^historyand him,itisentirelyfalse,andwithoutfoundation;that thiscounty,killedhiswifeyesterdayafternoonby timentnowsonearlyapiroaches«na^tyinra»wj4- «fcdisposition t o cultivate their minds and indulge inthe loftier pursuits of poetry and philosophy. I f California, regularly hereafter,' on the basis of his thisbetruetoanyextent,weareabletoshow' propositionforPostages,andrelying.onCongressNeirs from Pike's Peak.ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Saturday, July 7, I860*.--.:-«*. IllinoisWisconsin....'...'.. 1,516,98419 Icwn............... 1,015,83311_than that of Joe Lane's probable defeat for theSeriate, a n d t h e redemption o f Oregon. H e con- Joseph that the Dew four-story building in that city,,nies on Adams and Clay and Harrison, and iu laterXVth (Tuscarawae) District, Ohio, has been made theT a x BxAxmrxn. E u r n wTxx Nxw IKKUOVXD ,' . Ifaaulaoturod by. ' , , « « . . Sm^TTi* MACUUCHS,Public Functionary, which—considering what the hotel dinners of that metropolis are—rcan be no se- vere self-sacrifice to the amity of two great nations. Beyond that, we believe it would be most agreea- ble and advantageous to our illustrious visitor to let him pass through o u r country exactly like any other private gentleman, save that the British-resi- dents among us should be permitted to tender him such marks of regard as their Consuls shall think fit.. Let the young man" see us minding our ownour opponents.How was this offer met ?Not only by a peremptory refusal thus t o discusspaper now denounces Mr. Schnable as.umworthy of notice, after having on several Ute occasions madepolitical topics. VCOVINGTON, July 8,1860^51SBSHUSSNotices.test against any' such experiments on his good :;:"THE BIGOT8 O F FEOTECTIOIf."Such is the tennlipplied by The* Evening tyost—Mp^>^^>»is»WS*S%SSS»*^»**»»^*^*,»^s*»*S*S1*S*"''^*^S^S*»s>^s^^s^»s^^i«^s^»»^^>^si»s^»^s^>» X. ROGERS <fc RA YMONDW^S^S*«*S*»*»^»W—««^**S*—*»nature.- :i /-- ; ' ''''•••'Tbe Republican ratification meeting l&at night vn» the largest and most enthusiastic political gathering ia thecampaign. The"Wid«-Awakes,"io uaifbr*,. bearingtorches,madetheirfirstappearanceinthepro- cession. The Hon. Owen Lovejoy of Illmois wasthe orator of the evening. ''\,'': *•'.':'"•. ; ;Kentucky Politic*. , Ixn/rsviLLx,Ky.,Saturday.July7rJU^J,*Havethepleasuieofs.onouiioio«jsnadditicutotheir HOYS'SvutNOCnoTHlXO,'efsereral • KXTIKJH.Y .friXvrSTTMca o rSurts :or the Drawing-room, Suit* ;or ttui School-room, • Suit* for iho Prom«.txad©, OvetcJoU>ing,fcc,Ac.Th«7 also idVite attention to their immense stock of »<>ason- ah!*CLOTBIXOroRUKNTI^MRX,theirOrdersadFurnishing l^pftjrUn-Mito, wid th.tr £ V ,ROOKKX& RAYXUSD, Not. 121, 129. and 125 KuUon-ot.,And >'o. 214 Broadway, under Museum.FANS—PARISPASS,N e w a u d beautiful sty lee, J»»tree«Pt»«4,andfoisal©by ' .Gxo. C AI.UK*.«o~.415Broadway, Oce door below Canal-st.529 BROADWAY, V 529^.KW-YOKX. P s o BOKO P B B U C O .Of course, w e give no credit to.the story,that to tht supporters of the ^otective policy. LefjjushisJtoyalmotherisdisappointedattheabsenceof consideritinthelightofrecentandnotoriousRECETVED B Y alAONETlC^TELEGRAPH.WXO. B . SCOAT & C o ., . Andfeessde,atwholesaleandretail,atprice*anrorpasaedforThe Republicans of Missouri hare nominated a full State ticket, headed by James B . Gardaer forThe largest political meeting ever assembled here was held last night to ratify the nommatio. a of Doug, as and Johnson. Spf ecbes were made by M, M. Ben- the matter, but by a quite gratuitous assurance During the early part of the Administration, he <oz>, Co).Hehn, and Col. Jones. Great enthnsUsaia» eseaaUyfittwhed Machines; aad aooouipauied witu,a perfect Governor. aad fall guar»u;y, of t h e * etfidency. Uooa JUOCU Agent waa;ed.NewSork. No. 495 Broadway, New-York.No. 183 Fulton:st., Brooklyn.WHEELER & WILSON'S SEWING-MACHINES." W e wafer then, for fauilljrK"w^"T?ITrfhooe. *»They are ih» favorites, **•* ixudlies."—[0?xnie«.Office *»o. 506 Brond-vay, New-Y ork.GfcOKUJtt J3. &JLOAT <& OO.'S CELEBRATED EL* ' n i n i g iwCst-STtrc* sJ*» SMtrrTLR SXWING-MACUINXS.ination for the Presidency. lished to-morrow.His letter will be pub•respectful letter of Mr. Carey whereiathe proposi- tion was formally made!If we Protectionists are "bigots," we certainly evince a willingness to be enlightened ourselves, and to have others share the illumination!T h einet, and in 1856 was one of Mr. Buchanan's prin- cipal stump speakers and traveling agents in Penn- sylvania.EDITORIAL CHANGE-CrROYEB.&, B A K E R ' S N O I S E L E S SJTAXILT SJCWIXO-MAOHIXM. Tux Bcrr Is Us*.WINDER'SPATENTFIREPOOF.SAFES.'.-•-. JTAUtXAXX'S CXUtBXATXO 0CA1X8.Q c i x x KKOTU'XKH, NO. y« M aiden-lane, N . Y ._JBATCHELOR's HAIR JL>YE, Wigand Toupeeyaotory. No, 10 B'oud-st. 'Private entranee for ladies. The uyv ;,t*jppUe«ia the sky-hint rooms. .BARRY'STHICOPHEROUS is the best and cheapest, article *<* Dressing, Beautifying, oieansiog) curimg, Preserving and ftestostng the Hair. Xjuhe», try it. Bvld by UrnggiDts.BPAi,DiNt.'sPREPARED GLIHB."Evetyhooy sitowid h*ve a b^tt.o "—[Tribune. F o n BAI.K EVXXT^MKKK.3 C a n s £ s c t n r e d b y J d . C - O I ' A U X A U & C o . , N o . 4 8 C e d & r - s t . Po«v-O£noe liddce**. Box tie. afivi)B. T. BABBIU T's ConcentratetlftOFT SOAP,—One;,"" TION,ItisclaimedhythenegroSlaveryextensionists" thepoliticalconductistoberemovedentirelyfrom veseelwaschangedtotheUnitedStates.boxmakes•*£gallonshe«tsoftc'oap.byfcimplyaddinghot*waterKansas,(savethatalittleofitisprobablyin Utah)isyetsofarfromthemainsettlementsandcf thePost-Office settlesthisquestion. Cor- respondenceincreasesinverynearlyexactpropor-layed,andthatuponreceiptofthemheinstructed his,agenttocarrytheMail,buttheseinstructionsthe devouring elemeut.HAMILTON COLLEGE.—CommencementHolt promised a Southern Senator that, if the bills providing for dure. And, since Congress caonot or will not or- overland mail service all failed, ho would take the responsi- ganize them, why not recognize and legalize such bility to provide msius to keep some of the old contractors em- temporary organization a s they m a y severally ployed : but I leern now that he declines keeping his promise, if the. report ia true that he has made a temporary contract with Vttu.derbiit to carry tLe mails until March 4,1861, it will verify the declaration* frequently made.in this correspondence, that the Atlantic and Pacific Califorr-ia Mail Steamship Companies constitute, ill themselves a power at Washington greater thanThayer's bill, while three-fourths-of the Demo- "The arrangement with Commodore Vanderbilt, }uat com- streetsense,willitpay? •pleted, for the transportation of the Pacific mails, tri-montbly,poned liabilities have been legislated for, another must be voted to meet those obligations which will swell up from $10,000,000 to $20,000,000. At'the end of Mr. Buchanan's term, the public debt willton College, Clinton, K . Y ., will be on Thursday,July 1ST; tne other exercises of the week are as fol-lows:President Fisher will deliver MBannualdiscourseDefore the Senior Clase, on Sunday afternoon, July 15. Sunday evening, the litv. Jonathan Edwardsofmajority,of the Republicans present voted to, sus-pend the rules in favor of the introduction of Mr. the Administration itself..balance of $20,000,000, transferred tohim byMr.oration was an agreeable surprise. It was.an answer to Lord Grey, whose dismal account iof us—founded upon Mr. Buchanan's Pitsburgh. letter a n d other disgraceful events i n o u r history during the last four years isfre3hin all men's riTcuiorks. But ihe beauty of it is that it was alsowill celebrate a reunion a t Hamilton Coiiege On thea poem b> Wiluam W . Howe of New-York. I t is expected that a ia>ge number of graduate members of the Society will be present.A CALL VTOV ENGLISHMEN**—The Albion hasthe following appeal in its last issue, which will of course ]bepromptly jeepondtd to:"When Cow.Ta.tnauwasonhiswayiuhisgigfromthe •pv»h«t*utotbe»bipoi o u r Admiral, during the disastrous en- Sswment of the Peibo. John LUrt, an African seaman, the Silwain of the Commodores boat, was killed by a shot from ^ " S - s forts John Hart left a ohUd a laughter right yearsS i fflSTchadVw^,mto told, iaalmost unprovided for, Ho En- S ^ S f n e S b e told his dut, in this matter. W e stojply re- iSif^the Childl»aUno.tde-titu^,and«^ldthatitwillbeour i S J i ^ . o ^ e ^ e a n d t o p n C c e S t t h e a i s p o . a i o f Com Tatuiall £ r ^ S d « whSa may be contributed by our eountrymen for tlie r 2 ~ K < h ^ h i l d ofJoko lisrt, one o f tne men wno felt that lfc^wWt^rthsnwater.-'^^_^—Mr. Barrett had a eplendid reception at S t LouisORthe29thalt.Hewaswelcomedbythousandsoftial canvass, threatening to rob him not only of his Close work, but we guess Mr. Helmick can go again.at the present moment, when tue worst fears of himself and his friends have been realized by the sunderingofthelastofthe"national"parties,as they have considered the Democratic organization. &nd by tbe impending triumph of a " sectional" party, like the Republicans'. I t is bjiiely poeeiMe, however, that Mr. Everett thinks the fepetiion of his Washington oration h a s wrought such a fcappv reaction in politics that the ticket which bears las name will succeed. I t this theory i s correct he will be bluer than everafter November. But untilthen we may congratulate ourselves that this dj^fin- guUhcd conservative thinks the wholesale railroad corruptionwhichtookplaceinWisconsinafew years ago rather a small atlair, and even an .elective,^that will be satisfactorily explained hereafter." He is •m only son, and his saiety is a source of great joy to timiKtoer.hands to hospitable graves, thesepen were upholding the luster of the star* and strife* of .our country.'/was said to have sailed for Boston in the Eurppa. W einto practical eflect in the consfatutions and Iartaot the Northern States for the first * « « * « , . £ * g ffdltii* The fruit has mostly gone East this year. A STtteitation, waiting to unload.mWhigs of '47-6 voted against abominable lies, not to have a complete retraction and denial published in<*<LKWH C . BXXKS, No. 529 Brosdvra;• .• , •Mr. Breckinridge has formally acceptedhis nom-—, ^, ,Missouri Politics.ST. LOUIS, July 8.1860.A well-attended and enthusiastic Bell ana Everett mecfing was held here last evening. >The Republicans-have nominated a full Stale ticket, beaded by James B . Gardner, of Cole County, fora t Hamil-establish or havo established for themselves.?'.. V . hi view of these facts and considerations, aI s a system which thus-retards civilization worth extending a t .such, cost? Either i n common-sense o r WttH-Mr. Edward Everett's oration here, and M*> probably bo eighty oddmillions,exclusive of a Q. F. Adams's, in Fall River. Mr. Everett'sRochester will aadress the Society oi* Christian Ro-tAmeasure was temporarily defeated. ftearch. .T fnu^^^f^^^x.^^ *i«,.: „:~March z*xt. He is to.receive the postages, and the President is to recommend that Congress give a reasonable compensation beside. The mails would have bees carried by the last steamerA Washington telegrom gravely- states that Senator Bright & C o . have resolved t o run no Breckinridge ticket in Indiana, b u t " allow " tnat State to go for Douglas, in aid of the scheme of throwingtheelectionintotheHouse. Wereckon that Indiana has a way of hor own this time, andThe Board of Medical Officers will aaeemhle at Bal-timore on the 20th oi September, for the examination an answer to Mr. Edward*Everett himself, and an of AwjiBtant Surgeone fur promotion, or of euch candi- answer to Mr. Winthrop, a n d M r . Hillard, a n d datts io*r appomunent lor the Medical Staif^of theAimyasmay be invited to-pieteiit themselves. There Mr. Lant, and Mr. Appleton, and Mr. Washnigton areLOWtbrtevacancieeinthegradeofAssistantSur- Hunt,andMr.DanieiT).Barnard,andMr.Wm.C geons. ' . i. *Monday evening, July 16, Prize Declamation b y members of tne uhrtr-e lower claasee,Tuesday altomoon, the Rev. Chas. DrHelmerof Milwaukee,willdeb.vexauoration,andW.W.Howo, •esq., of Kew-York, will read a poem before the Phi..Chapter of the Chi Psi Society. Taetdayevtnuig,Mr.Ed*uiP.WhippleofBoston,These facts bear their own comment, a n d citi-zens who favor an honest and faithful application had hi» dispatch from Saratoga t o Mr. Allen, his ag^-nt, beeti re-•willdeliveranoration,andair.Anson(5.Chester,of Syracuse, wall read a poem before the Literary Socie-takearunthroughourcountry afterhisvisittois evinced in many ways, but in none more strikingly body but Lincoln and Hamlin.WASHINCTOW,July8,1860.Mr. Breckinridge has foimady accepted the nom- ent danger of a general smash on this Western con-.him the subject of editorial comment.that Mr. Bryant had not read the. courteous, and was on intimate terms with the President and Cab- was manifested. ' • .- oI•...i .11ii •»«>IIH^^LM.*!*!—'^^^^p^^^^»m^}^^y. ••''--•^^SB^;^!--1 •^•wyfS'wf^r*"-^** '-' *' ''''^""'""MONDAY,JULY9,I860.TO CORRESPONDENTS. • . W© cannot nndertake to return rejected Commamcationa,•TBE LA'TEST NEWS. RepnMican Ratif!cation Meeting. BvrrALO. Saturday, July 7, -l&fc.(MWi^f.-Vv^h-V--*--Notices on the fourth page of the paper. That class of adver- tisements will be received until a late hour, but no others can beLOUISVILLE, July 8,1860c: private gentleman. Should he visit. Washington, i s t a s ' o f F r e e - T r a d e j o u r n a l s — s o t h a t e v e r y a n d e n t e r t d b a i l t o a n s w e r f o r t h e a s s a u l t . N o C a w s i u s M . C l a y a d d r e s e e d a g r e a t c r o w d L i n f r o n t ofbe will of course take a quiet dinner with the O ld advantage, save in argument, was on the side o f jtiry will convict him upoo this provocation. T h e the Court-House, on tbe PaciJ^c R^ub-oad bill aad otherp.r<-hh,taken after 8 o'clock.i- . .aformalinvitationfromthe'Presidenttohereon•facts.;.-•',••/:•••-.:'•'-: •;-.:-'ivii^~'--r -..'••>.%••••'•-'•*••';'••;.'-'"^/*;'; aud teir to visit this country. Mr. Buchanan was , A very few months since, iii view; of the very %F r o m W a s h in g to n .No notioecan be taken of Anonymous Communicattona. \V hat- long Minister a t London, and would have gladly natural anxiety that the advocates of Free Labor Special Diapatck to The N. Y. Tribune. ever i s intended for insertion innst be authenticated by t h enameandaddressofthewilier--notnecessarilyforpublica-tion, but as a guaranty for his good faith. . , BusinesslettersforTHKTiuarsKshouldinallcasesbead-dressed to HORACX OKWRLKT & CO.To Advertiser**. "V-;•;,:ivfesentsuchaninvitationonthelightesthintthatit shouldseeeyetoeye,certainleadingRepublican WASHINGTON, June;8,1860.: :wouldbeacceptable. Mr.Dallas,ourpresentadvocatesoftheProtectivepolicyproposedan'-'?-:••'•'•---%',,'•-A PERSONALRENCONTRE.Owing to the recent great increase in tub circulation self with the Court t o which he is accredited. W ehavenodoubtthatall.thatshouldbehasalready been proffered from this side, and that the Presi-©fTuxDAILVTRIBCNK,andthenecessity ofputtingthefirstform o f the paper to press at an early hour, w e a r e oompelledto give notice t o o u r Mends that hereafter a ll advertisementsmustbebandedinbefore8o'clockintheevening, withthesin- denthasbeencourteouslyassuredinreplythattheW e print, on another page, the Oration deliveredby George William Curtis, a t Port Richmond, business respectively, and he will learn far more,Mr. Bowman has retired from T7*e Constitution,judgment between our bigotry and The Post's lib- as foreshadowed in m y recent dispatches, under Governor., „, .. „:-Staten Island, onthe 4th of July.'•, 'M• : m»r. Ha 5'e»'» Arctic JGxpeditlOn* BOSTON, Saturday, July 7,186ft,Dr.Ilayes'sArcticexpeditionleftat3:30p.m-,ia tow of the steamer R. B. Forbes. A salute was firedand have a higher respect for. us, than if we were to block his way through o u r streets by shouting athischariot-wheels.wedesiretofixattentiononafewfruitful facts, THE CALIFORNIA HIAIJL FAft IKE.erality rests with the public.the requisition of Mr- Breckinridge?s friends, who insisted that this personal connection with the Presidentshouldbesevered orthey would startTHE UNORGAIVIZtJO XEBBITORIES.As "Popular Sovereignty" is to b e made th e C». H . CoufcUO, No. 8UV Broadway. , vyar-cry'of the Democratic canvass now opening,T H ETIIEKUIOirjnETEB.OFCIVILJZA-of organization—or rather, an assignment of defi-nitelimits,and a possibilityofcreatinganorgan- wouldcuthisearaoff.- Thereisnodoubtthatthe establishment. . Total......... $27,549,620 68$50,544,416 18The Treasury balance is less thanrhalf the mar-We have felt and saidfrom the first that.the fail-ure of Congress to make due provision for. Mail people and enhances their civilization. The theory its, own adulation.Private letters from official sources in England state that the Prince of Wales will go as far Eak as Port- land,, ai.d as far West as Cincinnati, in the United States.transportation betweentheAtlanticandthe Pacific States, whereby the Newspaper Mails have been utterly stopped since the 20th of last month, wasis that by relieving them from the ruder descrip- THE CALIFORNIA MAILS.tions of labor, this Slavery gives them leisure and - Mr. Yanderbilt has written to the Postmaster-1rthe result of a corrupt expenditure o money in andGeneral saying that h e will carry t h e Mails t oThe Pike's Peak expm sarrived yesterday afternoon, bringing $15,500 in gold diwt.aboutSteamship Monopoly. The public mind is so clearlyCongress bysomebodyi u theinteresto f theByibisarrivalwehavethefollowingsummaryof news, which has been detaned bore in consequence ofcarried through our. own country instead of overperilousseasandthroughforeignterritory,anda v e r a g e w h i t e m e n i n t h e S l a v e S t a t e s . T h e u s e d i s p a t c h e s a d d r e s s e d t o h i m a t S a r a t o g a w e r e d e -T h o d a k s f» o m D e r i v e r C i t y a r e t o t h e 2 8 t h u l t . I n - dian dopiodations upon straggliog parties a n d upon ranchesbadbecomeofsofrequent,occurrencethatit wasconsideredadvisabletocallameetingofcitizensbyadirectinsteadofanenormous!v circuitous•jkXperbox. XixiecsJidbeount to grueera. No. 7y Washington-st seat o f government of Kansas' (as likewise o f route,that »direct Daily Overland Mail must have tion to intellectual development, eo that a better were not received till after the sailing o f the to consider what was bt-st to be done in the matter.A . N . THOMPSON & C o . Utah) as to be utterly unprotected and ungovernedthermometer of civilization could not.be desired steamer. Such a mtetiig was held on ihe afternoon of the 27th, andtwooftheArapahoechiefswerepresentpartoftbebeenestablishedbutfortheinfluenceofbriberyatOrocera, Flour marenaots, aca outer Dealer* in our HOMJ.NY by the Federal organization in either; 3. Arizona, Washington; and, as it was not practicable to put than the revenue of the. Post-Office. Very fortu- Mr. Vanderbilt consulted his interest in agreeing tine. The outrages in tbe1main consist of the IndiansTO TUXT»ADK.and &A*T are hereby nvtm«d tmU, if they will return t oor Spnth-western New-Mexico; and 4. Washoe,UtkiDg whatever they deei ed from parties who were through an old fashioned Steamship Mail Contract, nately for those who desire to see the truth of a to Carry the California mails, because temporary unarmed or unable, from lack of numbers, to success-. umtheir present atuex of tt>e*e articles, they will be supplied •with thai which ha* been ire»hly piepared by *n improYod pro-faouenof the trade, w e uiane tnia proposition in good faith,knowing,besides'thattheMub»titutr»°we»ti&Hoilerinthesefresh Thousand;andWashoefromTwentytoFortyadvertiseforproposalsforaDailyOverlandMailthereceiptsandexpensesofthedepartmentformutecbuldbeestablishedonapracticalfooting. Thechiefsthoughtitvtryhardtobeheldaccounta--ceas which vre h«ve recotitly auopted in ita uianufautuxe. Asthesearticles,wtaeu«ut>jectto.bedustanddampnessof storage, are naoie, like all others, to deteriurotiuu, and it in ourOf these Idahotie net result is no/mail a t a1.- There is no possi- ble excuse for this. The House at an early dayquestion on which the pending Presidential elec-tionisto-turn, Wehavebefore us(SenateEx.arrangements would have be6n immediately made,andanewcontractenteredintowithotherparties,fully reeitst them, tearing down fences, turning theirponiesintogardensanddestroyingthem,andinsomeCarson Valley, or Western Utah. mustnowhaveapopulation ofSixtyThousand;easessbpotingat the whit*8,oboor two of whom are object at all times to uiaintaiu their staiidard value, ana the satis-. Arizona perhaps Five Thousand; Dakota some Ten passed a bill directing the Postmaster-General to Doc. No: 13) the Postmaster-General's report of after the meeting o f Congress, until the overland known to have been killed.products cannot be otnerwise tnan pruhtaoie t o both uierchaut and oostwiMtr. A . n . Tuoxi-sox &. Co.,No- 221 and223Fulton-stThousand.b"*e for the bad acw not only of their own tribe, but of and make a contract therefor, if reasonable pro- the last nineteen years, from 1841 to 1859 inclu- But for the stern expressions of th e press on this four others now in this vicinity, viz: the Cheyenaes,II. Each of tjtese has a spontaneous, improvised posals should be received; but the Senate failed to sive,,and have taken pains to foot up the results, subject, it is doubtful if the concession now.pro- Kiowae, Anacbee, and Coaianchee. Tbey promised, WHISKY.—S.T.SUIT'SKENTUCKYSALTKIVER Government—poorenough,doubtloss,butthebeet concur,andthatwastheendofit. SoCongress andarrangefifteenFreeStatesagainst fifteen posedwouldeverhavebeenmade. Koindividual however,thatsofarastheirownmenwereconcerned,Botntxox, sold by all Druggists. HXUKXAX it Co., its people could make. They are. poor; they are Slave States. All but one of toe latter (Texas) or monopoly can stand against that power,and they would hold them responsible for any injury done • Nos. lbl, W«, 5U, and 756 Broadway, N . Y . adjourned, just before- thft old steamship contract to the whiles. * An effort wa& made to pate a resolutionTbft wide ropui&tioii which Dr. J . HosTisrrrRR'i busy; they are vagrant; they have made Govern- expired, leaving everything at loose ends, and The coexisted through the whole period. Texas made Mr. Vanderbilt showed his good sense in acknowl- to drive the Inciacs from the country if they did not"STosuu,iil>iTiXJt4- navo attaii^»d during the past year, De- ments because they had none and could not do Herald charged the House with the responsibility j its appearance in 1846:leave within three davs; bntmore moderate counsels subsequently prevailed, and the troubles, no doubt, will be ptactably arranged.The minu:g news remains unchanged. No new or important discoveries bad been made. The difficulties are considered desperate, even if his own party in operating to advantage some of the quartz nulls should succeed, which is now regarded doubtful, recently eet up had not yet been surmount*d. Quartz•peakaitit excellence in a inor*, forcible manner than any word* wblufl w« «u> </B« it renovates; purines, and strengthen*th« tnatetn, and aius t W aWMMtch in the peitoruiauoe of it» luuctloo. M is regarOed on aL tides'*. • sovereign specino, and, Uiereforo to ptooure it In the Dest pvs«iole waj, #nould oe the object of tin public Wecocnmendx witn wore Uiaa u^ual acul and conh douce, bettevin« and knowing, •* we do. th»t It .stands f oremoa sunoug tile uiauj preptuavion* o l the d s j , fox Unportlng Strength, vigor ^>d tone t o tne tys.vui, ana possessing the curative powen for ad aunuaz cthteascs axiauig iroin a dborawrnl utonmch. lnth* sum severe ca.es ot cr.u.y-i, diarrhea, and weakness in tht wtofnxcH, t h e '* Bitters" have beeu rigidljr tested, a n d alwayi with the gxe«t«*t succeis. For sale by druggists and dealers ge» eraily erwrywba.e.without. They rest on no basis but that of " Squat- of the failure! W e rejoice to see the following Fret States.Total Receipts. . . $2,46r>737B 40/Total Expenses. *2,4tf4,84l 07 .1,470,476 49 1,703,084 6 4 5,673,914 39. 563,370 51 2,325,313. 8 0edging it.MR. GWlK'S CHANCE O F RE-ELECTION." ter Sovereignty," and are therefore treasonable in their character according ,io some of Mr. Doug- las's inculcations, (witness his SpriDgfield, Illinois, speech of June or July, 1857); and it is quite pos- sible that a robber who should be sentenced to death by one of their Courts could obtain a slay of execution from a Federal Court, b u t f o r t h e fact-MaineNew-HampshireVermont..Massachusetts...956,334 60 2,-381,648 54 New-York .* 21.647,896 55New-Je.rsiy..'... ... 1,712,280 6 1 Pennsj lvania... .; 9.705,604 48Mr. Gwin's chances of reelection to the Senate• '">• " WASHINGTON-, July 7, I860." If the truth U ever known concerning the carrying of the mails to and from the Pacific Sfcatee, i t will b e ascertained that Senator Hale's bill for a daily mail by the most direct route overland was defeated at the last session of Congress by a power- 11anyoneshouldaskuswhatinouropinion, thatheisexecutedbeforeanysuchConrthasa fullobby,inandoutofCongress,intheinterestofthesteam- arrivedatbyanimpartiatu-st,wasthebestandmosthonest chancetointerpose. Thisstateofthiogsisanom- shipcompanies. SenatorGKrinwasinclinedtofavorthisbillO h i o . . . . Michigan Indiana............ 7,193,240 17 .. 1,975,35362 .. 2,462.551 76 .. 3,760,743 122,007,981 37 • 7,552,833 07 8,283,009 86 2,625,644 85 8,325,273 65 5,544,043 0 * 1,C18;626 8 4 1,356,64004promise an utter prostration of the Democracyeverywhere, from the Atlantic to tbe Pacific. N onews has dispensed more general satisfaction here,Business was vejy dull, and money tight arid scarce. Tbe weather was hot and showery.Fall o ra Buildms—lLosN o f life, Si. Louis, Saturday, July7,1860.compound resn«d> fur preserving and beautifying the hair, and after failing to succeed with bis *ox-bow,' or ButterSeld route, resforinggnj hairtoiuoriginalcolor,andthelockstothebald- alous,fraughtwithperil,andoughtnottoendure. butjitissaidheobtainedapromisefrom Poatmaater-GeneralTotal...:...,$68,648,51070*tatet.#60,891,29334$337,99013 4,041,847 43 6,002,772 40 3,830,452 8» 3,426,488 7 1 4,709,790 8 3 1,206,473 75. 3,588,471 93 3,467.857 09 2,872,547 36 4,997,82t 62 3,175,431 89 2,139,877 63 3,811,314 98 2,875,271 55The Democrat learns from tbe passeagere from St. owned and occupied by Nove, McCoid & Co., whole-sidered himself as having a life estate. This result sale grocers, fell at 2 o'clock yesterday, crushing a will rather curtail his political pretentions and frame building adjoining, occupied by three families,beaded, w e should without hesitation say Prof. O. J. Woon's fiaix JixsToxATivxv Beeadvertisementisanothercolumn.— [Louisville Journal. Sold b y a ll Druggists. Depot N o . 444Reoadway.SURE CURE FOR PILES, &C—A new remedyfor Bleeding, Blind and Itching Piles, Scrofula, Salt Rheum, &c. A liquid warranted to cure; if not, the money will be refuadedc Prepared b y HXNUY U . >'uwt«, Chemist, "No. 7 1 Prince-st, Beason. Seld wholesale and' retail by Z-IXKKM.VX it CO., riroad- way. and b y alt druggists. CerUhcates with each bottle.Dr.MARSH continuestoapplyhisRADICAL CUKETXBM with euccea*, i n enacting core* o f Hernia o r Rupture. X*di*s waited upon oy a female in private xoocan. Bathing Trasses, oajupcrters, Shoulder-oruccs, Buspensory Bandages, SUk Elastic SwcJdnjs, Xknee Caps, and all surgical appliances, b y HSJKSH A Co., No.'A Vesejf-st., N. i . , opposite St. Paul's ChoroidIHEKEWSTOREofBALL,BLACK&Co.Is now open, and the public are invited to an inspection of the large stecx 01 now ana beautiful goods ottered for sale.No*. 56» and 167 Bioadwav, comer of Finest. mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm < • | i i | i — m m m m —EXHIBITION o r FIKK EsCArES.—^The New-York Foropier Corps, under the tommaiid of Capt. Louis Proculich, will exaioit on Tuesday afternoon, in frontof the French Hotel, at 4 o'clock, their new ap- paraiuB, as well as their mode of proceeding iu saving lived and property in case ol a lire. The corpshas pees in existent** only about bix months, and expectsto be iacorporated in our I?*ire .Department. B y their plain and practical apparatus, comoined with scientific evolutions, tbey expect to prove to the public that from the top. o i a fc*»venttury building men, women a n d children, as well as their property, can be rescued fromHolt that if Hale's bill should not be allowed, to paws, he (Holt) would afford every facility for cairying the mails b y -steamship via the Isthmus. Accordingly, Hale's bill did not pass. I t i s now asserted that three Senators, including Mr. Gwin, labored three day« during laat week with the Poatmaator-General. to i n - duct) him to keep his promise. Itisroported that very angry words were"uttered; that Holt was reminded of his promise;, was assured by one of the Senators that but for h i s promise t o send the mails p e r steamships, L e ( t h e Senator) could have passed Senator Hale's bill, which he would assuredly have done, notwithstanding i t would have placed t h e RepublicanSlaveIII.Asit'wasclearlyimpracticabletoobtain the concurrence of the House,"Senate, and Presi- dent, in any plan for the organization of these em- bryo communities iato regular Territories, t o b e ruled as satrapiea of the Federal Government, M r .Eli Thayer proposed a t the late session to recog-nizesuch organization as theymayhave effectedor may effect for themselves.—that is, t o erect eachinto a distinct Land District, with a rude outline.. S335,10470glimpse into the recesses of the Senatorial prison- house i n t h e last special dispatch t o that paper,.:. .. ,-..1,551,255 5 2 1,527 203 50 8,846.202 5 3dated. 'Rhode Island....party iu the ascendancy on the Pacific.currently reported, politely informedHolt that but for h i s official position a s a Cabinet officer h eBreckinridge, like Messrs. Pry or, Clingman, Toombs, and others, who were regarded as among his supporters at the South.store of Tootles &. Farnlii/h was also burned, together loss is estimated at §20,000. Insurance unknown.Fatal Railroad Accident. TKLNION, JN*. J., Saturday, July7,1860.ofoverlandmaUroutesacrossour owncountry, instead of in-out interlcronce from or infringement upon exist- tries, is vastly more sensible and economical. The greater en* Slave States has probably averaged very nearlyIn cutting off the-power .to reiseue Treasury notes, Congress compelled theSecretaryto livewithin h i s i n c o m e , o r t o OJ L i b i t t h e e x c e s s t h r o u g h a deficiency bill next session. While that authority existed, h e could contrive t o shift • even whencouiagwnent the Government gives to the establishnlent of wagon roadsandmailroutes across, ourownTerritories, the greater w i l l b e t h e I n d u c e m e n t t o t h e p e o p l e t o e s t a b l i s h s e t t l e m e n t syears to be, impracticable to organize new Territo- along those routes, and thus facilitate the construction of a rail- way uniting the States and commercial cities o f t h e t w o great ries after the old pattern, with their chief function- oceans. If the people will keep men out o f Congress who lend all their energies and pecuniary means to increase tbe value o f their owu private interests iu th<? Panama Railroad Company, their Legislatures dependent on Congress. The the Atlantic and Pacific Steamship Company, and the Pacific Senate will insist that they b e subjected t o t h e Mail Steamship Company, instead of opening up t h e Territories law of Slavery; the House that they be con- of the United States, thus looking to tho beat interests oftbe whole p::ople, they will take tho first ;*tep» toward accomplish-formed t o the law o f Impartial Freedom. . Y et a Li^ the great work suggested.state of anarchy is intolerable and must not en- **1 em informed by the best authority that Postmaster GeneralhalfasmuchasthatoftheFree States, itsuseof t h e P o s t - O f f i c e i s o n l y t w o - f i f t h s a s m u c h . T h a t is to say, were the white population of the Slave States, on the average, as highly civil zed as thoeeistiDgorganizations.I V . A s i t i s a n d h a s b e e n , s o i t s e e m s l i k e l y f o rurt.Thetrackisconsiderablytornup. 'FROM BOSTON.aries appointed and paid from Washington a n dof the Free States,nineteen years would, have received six millions the true condition o f the Department, and to . I think we, in Massachusetts, celebrate thecrats either voted agaimt it or dodged. So the will commence on the lltb instant, and contiaue till the 4thof. '' 'of "Popular Sovereignty" will bear them in mind.ceived by the latter before the steamer left."' D E A D B R O H E .A ROYAL VJfoXT.ThePrinceofWales,itissaid, hasresolvedto onceproudandpowerfulDemocraticpartyhasfallen willnot "allow" herself tobe carried forany-The Preeident has recognized G. W . Hennings as Vice-ConsulofHanoveratKew-Yoik.'Rives, and otlicr men of the sanie^lass, who have been talking very much as Lord Grey talks, about thedegeneracyofAmericanpoliticsandthe,immin-British America, traveling so far Westward as Cin-Wednesday afternoon, Jply 18,anoTationwillbe cinnatiandthenceEastwardtoBoston,whencehe oratorsandjournals.used absolutelytoraincalum-tiee.delivered by pioi. Theo. W . Dwight, LL. D., ofColumbia College, a n d a poem read b y I>r. Thos. B. Elliott, o l Indianapolis, before the Alumni.than in the character of its lies and liars. How itsinniion for the Preeiaency. His letter will be published —THE HON.WILLIAM HELMICK, M.C,fromthe onTuesday. 'tinent. Ever since Mr. Webster died in 1852, Mr. Everett andhisfollowers,andMr.Choate,while he lived, have been trying to give the impression that there was b u t little u s e in trying t o do any-.never be otherwise than a serious trial t o the re- reputation but of his name, his faithy his native cipient. And in this case we see no reason for en-—Avery promieiDg political contest is now in pro-during them.Albert Edward Guelph, or whatever this youngThe utter impotence and paralysis into which thewill probably embark for home.W c think this a very sensible resolve on his part, days o n Seward a n d Fremont!—none o f your Republican candidate for reelection without the form-The pr<'g)amme of the Breckinridge and Lane dem- onstration to-morrow night iucludeB a serenade, a n d an addrees from Pierideut Buchanan.This same Senator, it is M r . Postmaster Generalthat the chattelizing of Airicans elevates the whitethe White House, which has heretofore dictated -'••Connecticut..... ...14,34ti.3tf6Ti aftertheoverthrowinOregon.Allthesignsmillswerearrivingdailyai-dgoingtothemines...DelawareMarylandVirginiaNoith Carolina... .. 1,370,280 11South Car. Una. Georgia...' Floric Missouri.... Kentuckj.. Tennessee,. Alabama.... Mississippi. Arkansas... Louisiana... Texas.......1,861,089 9 9 2,696.182 7 2 397,282 60 2,195,683 69 2,348,780 74 1,842.716 47 2,155 103 00 1,524,769 29 477,256 22 2,632.994 76 710,467 43MR. JOHNSON F O R RRECKINRIDGE... 2,994.370 57 ; . . . .. 4,007,538 89proportions.' • : . * .BilliDg nine or the ren occupants instantly, viz: M rs. Boyce and.three children, Mr. acd Mrs, Cogswell, and four others,,whose names were not ascertained. The building caught tire ima-ediaieTy afterward, and tbe• Our return Owl train, a ehort distance this side of Bristol, ran into a cow this afternoon, which threw Twoimportantfactsareobviousfromthis ginrequiredforsmoothworking,andthecurrent theenginesintothefield,andtwoofthepas&esger izationanddomesticgovernment forherself,with-• vestingthepublicmoneytoopen uphighways iu other coun- synopsis. Firet, while thefreepopulationofthe receiptsarenotequaltothoordinaryexpenditures. carsoil'thetrack. A firemannamed Coxwas killed, and tbe leg of the engineer broken. Great excitement xisted amorg the passengers, but none of them wereMr. Pryor spoke two hours iu Phoenix Hall last thing more for the country. Mr. Webster did his night, diiinrnghiu position iuregurd to the Presidency. best to save it, and did riot succeed, but ruined him- He declared his preference ibr'Brockiaridge and Lane eeif, and as he was a bigger man than anybody and overtheoth«>rcanuidatea.Thebuildingwascrowded everybodybeside,theworkmustbegivenupas and the applause grtat.a bad job. I t seems a little strange that FatalAccident,&c, Mr. Everett should take such a cheerful orationbytheRev.0.D.HelmerofMilwaukee,andaretobebornewithfitresignation;.buttheycan Majority—Burns51.Buchanan,288.Helmick,230. viewashenowtakesinhisoration,,justWednesday evening, the annual Reunion of the and trust nothing will occur to m ar the pleasure little, contemptible, picayune falsehoods, but great, ality of a Convention. In '58, he ran out Joseph AhuaMM. ."«. and profit of his trip. Above all, we pray that %lie Burns '(Dem.),..who had.been elected in '56 by 51 ma-HAMILTON COLLEGE.—The- Chi Pa*.Society, which 'fat; black lies that had venom and sting in them— jority. The vote of the District was as follows: 'include*chaptersinmanyofourprincipalcolleges, maybesparedtheinflictionofwhatarecalled liesthatevincedoriginality,audacity,and'evenOct.>36. Nov. >56. O c t >58.•' public honors." There are circumstances under genius. Just think of the cloud of them that en- Sapn. Bums. Frem. Buch. Fill Helmick. burns 17thixitftant. Thepublicexerciseswillconsistofan whichthesearejimoralnecessity, andthen they velopedCol.Fremontthroughoutthe-last.Presiden- Total...9,143 9,194 9,189. 9,477 203 8,949 8,719'Ss^x*ITO I960.Minister,iBaborncourtier,andwouldbetooamicablesndsearchingdiscussionofthatpolicy; TheConstitutionofFridaycontainedagross Oneofthelargestmeetingseverheldhere,lastnight•tobeconductedbyHenryC.Careyontheone personal•attack;LuppnMr.Schnable,oneofthe ratifiedtbenomination-fDouglasandJohnson.Boa- fire s blazed, cannon thundered, a n d enthusiaam pre-side and by William C . Bryant o n the other, a n d gpeakers a t the recebtDpoglas meetiog here, which vailed. .publishedcompleteinalltheeditionsofTheEven- heresentedyesterdayby"goingtotheofficeand ADemocraMeStJdeCooventionheldatIrvine^TiaingPost andofTHETRIBUNE. Weofferedto chastising Mr.Bowman severely:with his own County,onthe5thuist^ra"whichthirty-onecouutiet in tbe State were tejpre^ented. unanimoosly adoptedplacetbeargumentsofbothpartiesbeforeatleast cane,whichhappenedtobelyingODthetable*He resolutionsindorsingBreckinridgeandLane,andreps- gle exception of those inUnded for insertion among the Business Prince wishes to pass through our country as a ten times as many, habitual readers of Protection- subsequently surrendered himself to a magistrate, diatbg Douglas and.Johnson.happytodoanythingcalculatedtoingratiatehim-,t ^ eand a half dollars more, t o say nothing of,what i t admit t h e inadequacy o f the revenue under theSlave States is n o t growing better.Post-Officeduringthe lastwould have saved by the better^ roads and locomo-tive facilities of a more civilized- country. Second,while the Post-Office has lealized a net profit of- the meeting of Congress, and that, when the post- $7,757,218 -in its business. in the. aforesaid FreeStates, ithasmadeanet lossof$22,994,705inthe Slave States ! The document we have referredto abundantly shows that this bad business iu theFourth of July better than you of New-fork, andbetter than tbe people of any other section of thecountry. W e pay greater attention to it—its oquip-mciite, i t s properties, and a l l t h e arrangements.Consequently we rarely fail to have something toshow lor it beside noi&e and smoke. On Wednes-day, for instance, we had two orations,/which weremuch above the average of Fourth of July orations,in point of ability and attractiveness. IreferjtoNORFOLK, Friday, July 6,1860. At the celebration of the Fourth in Puin/aleague, Accomac County,,William Garri»oii wae killed by the land—andthenconsiderhow-Lincolnhasbeensix gressin-theStateofArkansas. RichardH.Johnson prematuredischargeofacannon,andJamesV.Hall,weeks a candidate, with nothing trumped u p Principal of the Seminary there, terribly.injured. H e and Henry M. Rector are rival candidates for Gov- has pi'obabiy since died.,agaihst-him but a foolish story that he had three ernor—both Democrats, but Johnson the Convention The bark Fame, from Rio for Richmond, was spoken man's • name may properly be, is a young man of pairs of boots charged to the Contingent Fund of nominee, while Rector runs stamp, alleging all manner yesterday near Cape Henry.. ' • • . ; — m _I' T h e Rent oval oT Col. North.the House while he was a Member—which was got up so clumsily that it was refuted by a mere exami- nation of the accounts' of the XXXth Congress,AL»ANy, Saturday, July 7,1860. The rnmor of the removal of Col. North, Special Agent of the Poet-Office Department, is well founded. Administration " with a perfect looseness." D r . Col. North's removal is dated 29th June, immediately ing to acquire that large and familiar knowledge of invention importing that h e voted against furnish- Mitchell, who is the " regular" candidate for Congress after the Baltimore Convention, b u t was not received umil yesterday, in coneequen e of his absence in Ver- mont, whtre he was eugaged in prosecuting John Whitcomb, a n ingenious mail-robber of Canada, and Boitton, and New-York mails. Col. North has been one of the most efficitnt officers in the- Departmentthe world and its inhabitants which his station re- ing supplies to our Army in Mexico during thein the 1st District, is likewise opposed by Col. EdwardW. Gantt. In this sort of contest, a great deal of'defamatory-fable in circulation but the miserablequires, h e i s worthily a n d honorably employed. late w a r . This ridiculous fabrication o n e Capt. useful truth is apt to be. told. 1judicial y n o t an irreparable evil. * tbmk «em*y* conclude to.at it is also his opinion that the election ofanOldLineWhig,nowaRepubhoan, with whom Mr. Everett ahd his friends acted pohfecallj in 1848, to the Presidency, thi*y« &r? will noUesfcrey the country or materially retard its prosperity. M /But if 'bis time is t o be taken up with iisteaing Marriott—apparently in ignorance that it bad been andrespondingtotheharanguesofthemunicipaljexposedandexploded—gravelyreiteratedataJoe$hlie left, under an aberration of mind, and afterward other municipal achievements which he can study While Old Abe was voting agaimt the mpplitt, and joining Tom mitted by Mr. George C. Monteith of Glasgow, who infeheB high; H e left for -JNew-xork, ia custody, at the Revolutionary doctrine of human rights, embo^rersona.We learn from Tht Waterbury American that Dr.Booles and Van Tinea of our scores of cities—if heLane Serenade on Saturday night,-as follows: .ssss»ssss»s»»s"s"aMs»s»s»»»iMBsa«ssssai '/..;John 1*.DeForest of Watertown, lather of the young man who was missing, has received satisfactory aa»ar- iosoes that his sen is alive and well in Australia; tliafeIn T H E TRIBUNE of the 6th inst. there appeared'voting tujaintt tuppliet for tht army. [Three cheers for Lane, an extract from The Glatgotc (Scotland) 'Bulletin, pur- The-man arrested here a s Francis Hoffman, Secre-is to be made the cynosure of gaping if not shout fing crowds, to be lodged where he does not choose-'!.Fellow-citizens, Major J. C. Breckinridge stood in the same position, while our old friend Lincoln was at home srrowous/yT h e S u p p o s e d A r r e s t o f H o f f m a n . , UTICA, Saturday, Jnly 7,1860.to be, dragged to see prisons, poor-houseg, and with counter cheers for Strphen A. Douglas and Abe Lincoln.] porting to give aii accouut of some defalcations com- tary of tb,e Pacific Mail Company, ia about 6feet 3Mr. Adams's oration is an admimb> s^temenfrofied in the Declaration of Independence, and oarried \jaikd to appriee his father, " from a mistaken delicacy at leisure in and about London, exhibited in the act Corwin in willingly welcoming our gallant soldiers with bloody5:30 a. m. today. v - ^ S v . ; , 7 ;of feeding, and made the scape-goat of municipalhave received a caU from Mr. Monteith, who iBnow in —The gallant. Captain, in his absorbing devotion this city, and who desires to say through o u r columnsMurder and Suicide. MCCONNXLSBURG, Pa., Saturday, July 7.1860.Ishows and swindles generally, hw month o r two inT S K E S T R A W B E B R T CBOP.-^rirytrtro-t3m»d»of a crop this country will prove the most miserable portion to the glorious art o f killing, h a s been obliged t o that, if the story alluded to w a s intended t o refer t o Richard Madden, residing near Fort Littleton, i n tion, but in most of our towns and c i t a ^ " ^ ^ .v ? -i.•At Rameey's, in former seasons, over 100,000 basketsenasingleniiththavebeensnippedfromonestution. asanationofthemoatill-bred,atrociousbores cotemporaryliterature,andhastherebybeenled liehasbeeninnoWayconcernedwithtransactions Nocauseisassignedforthedreadfuldeed.]«itislnodiscourtesy,andcreatesnooffence,totakd Bphricalground. Oneofthebestportionsjtf.Mr. Adams's addres* is that in which h e miewajw» doctrine o f non-intervention and -«4»»ttjr m»~Tienignesxnumberthisyearwasbut80,000pernighc. aiderheaven. Aswehopetoliveinpeaceand intoaneasybutseriousmistake. Someofthe likethosenarrated,andthathewillatoncetakemeas- Two and three cars, instead of four or live, have been good-will with the young gentleman after he shall ures to have the authors of the report discovered, andWeather Report, •ST. JonnV, N . F ., July T.—VVUld « . W , } weather clear. Thermometer660,CAP*IUCH, Jvly7.—Thename.haveascended-thethroneofhisancestors,"wepro- * ? « • ' < . . . " Supp-Lea.,•>'P• ?''••<•.*"'.<. •.••- ••'••• -. ••••-,-•''•-.-;. .<.v-?:.:;. •..:-.,.,...;. ,• ,*,...,.•;.,,•• ••>, .'•- -tht,Glasgow papers.reignty.The.present is an excellent opportuni^ t*>Untitled Document•—SenatorGreen,.ofMissouri,isforBreckinridge; so is Senator Polk, of "the same State.since1853,havingservedsevenyears;*„anotherpaper. Mr.Browneactsas.editor,but onthewharfprevioustosatliog. Thenameoithemany candidates proposed by the Douglas interestft r the Vice-Presidency, h a s surrendered t o M r . with their entire stock ot boots and shoes. The,totalpinched:Now, there is no resource but to expose*B O S T O N ,July 7, 1860.piesent tariff to carry on the Government. I t is obvious that a loan will be required immediately on?l£rce.- ' . '.To the Associated Press.W ASHINGTON, Saturday, July 7,18G0.beating hex brains out. He arterw&ra hung" himself. of tlie main doctrines of the RepubUcan party, g a tFrcom Our Own Correspondent^^.vwra' Jo.>• '•:.'. i ~^m -'•'-.• ' •"' "'.""-mmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^m».^'" •jwww.fultonhistory.com 