 HE,ThereThe Constitutional Union Con- vention a t Baltimore.tor Itself tbe mode of voting, vocabulary.That excited considerable Br. WAiaon,of Mississippi, fartowadtohabitants of towas, shall tiers ot free cultivators.pass iato W aaHitherto that had not bseTT H EP L A T F O R M ,should be allowed to indicate ita Mr. Pantnmaa, of Miaaiasippl,the report of whether thadoxen persons favorable to him could be found the ex pel Intent has operated well hitherto, b a t ttta literacy exhausted now, and nobody can he deceived by it say further. If expedients of this character are resort*a to n AM South, it woald b e well that people elsewhere fhouW await a troe exposition of everything appertaining to them before assentIns, them at any dataof Mr. Douglas'Official despatches from Btatly ear she stand la still going on. 'Letters from Naples confirm the i of General Vigiiatbe year 1846.OUB BPEC1AL BALTMORI DESPATCH. Baunsoas, May Id, 184*.At tbe end of I860 the total length ef ia actual working waa l.TeT " ordinary mike),ef 1818. There IThe Eaiaw B M M petttirkaos have sontinatod BeU, andah* Baraum'l Hotel squad Houston. The pressure body else.eroaghttoboaroathedoahtfaldelegates* faesseadoue, The Virginia aad North Carolina delegations—which are nearly ail otd wbi^-are ratorag a great cry again*(Applause)Tberpacealloted tothissketchwillnotallowustoenu- merate further the Invaluable services of Mr. Everett wbiie our Minister at England. Suffice it to say, bis course was of the most dignified character. In theout,aadaaearlycollapsetoinevitable.Itto argued that a concession by the North of this right of protection askedtor would involre the rain of the de- mocrats party to taM section. Tbe people of t i e 8oa*hhasCoomilesofprivaterailways,aad barnew lines opened ta I860 is 68 aulas.•aly those parts of bar dominions hwlndad nmanic Confederation, has 33« miles, and has oowtJwli 88 miles to last year's merease. There are aow^rrSoothers delegation* for him.Henry M. Puller n on oettlea Una Booming, fearing thata portion ef the Pennsylvania delegation will go for Hous- aaa aad opaet hia plana to be the candidate for tbe Y;ce- rreaideacy with BeU.There waa a raah t» the choreh this morning until all pert* weie crowded to overflowing.After a lengthy discussion, and offering all manner of aaaeadBKnts.theConvention acceptedaresolutiontothe eeVctthatthechairmanafeachdelegationeho;14CM;the ve»« ef eacn ilelega'e aa that delegate should instruct Man, aad that a major.ty of the delegation should cast thecommittee.Mr. BnooKS, of New York, denied that be bad any in-tention to Riiile the voice of minorities. He offered tbe prev ions question to the Resolution Committee, that each State bave two votes for the State at large, and each dis-trict be entitled to one vote.Mr. "WAIXON offered a proviso, that no delegate be de-prived of bis individual vote without his consent-Mr.Bi GKSacceptedthisamendment andwithdrewhisthe fisheries; he concluded an international copyright conitiii'co with Great Britain, and a Consular Conventionwith France, and reviewed the whole subject of CentralAmem-en affairs in their relations to the government ofthe United States and Great Britain, and induced Congressto establish a mission of the first class to Central Ameri- striking a bargain with some Northern allies, who couldVOLmaA T i a i t lgtaBLB T< SwMtaatrMtna f t wattawatTtasirl t a r - a l OsaaaktM •owBeveitort It la aaeai BTET COLU*r> un-•t<n UAattl awoTi asiawl Strgtv «r tc*«U star Beoasae.mo Lit—ID 1 rreas Sent Peseta wtthmt He (BarrtseaaomtLnr-ON_lT i aril ratlyastskBi saanssesas ayaadaaaiL»T-Atai I sad FIB• • L l T - mfriS-B0 ,wflibe»o)<• af JOSHiQUESTIOI.lerewasee oie to attornATTEMPTEDREVIVALOFTHEWHIGPARTY Br. WAJorn.er Msssannusettt, said ha came hats to expressthesentimentsofhiscoosUtueala. Theresohi•f JoHi Bell, of Teiaessee, for Prakieii, tad EdwardErerf«, of Massactasetti, IN*Vice PresidentsSKETCHES OF THE CANDIDATESNorthern Savoy to France W'latee the rtahtaaad eaatheindependenceofBwase-rtaad,torlasis*—. wbleb the greatest aacrinoes ooght to be made ATCM.!!tricts, and opposing any attempt to silence the voice of aad will not take aay other. The howl which they are Territories.Hseatoa, deahwtog tbat they arost have a whig aomlaee, baa frightened the Houston delegates from theThere la a secret BMTement oa foot, if the contest be- tween Bell aad Houston ahould prove eloae, to offer a reeeivtioe deciartag McLean and BeU the choice of Una Geaveation.; ring o 1848 be waa appointed to fill tbe newly oonsti-borne and abroad, and securing th« bleating of liberty totneaaastves aad posterityThe ptatform waa adopted by aceIsiaitwn.t i e osoamnleo reported Mother resolution, that eachXaa'a Mmtuc, efUae nomination of Mrthe American people awed aHe hoped the word fail this year would not he to theirFuelMr. SRvnss, of New York, offered an amendment, that eachdelegatebeentitledtooaevote.Mr. JOHJBOM, of Pennsylvania, offered aa amendment, thatijeaoh district be entitled to oae vote.Mr. ConiGYs. of Delaware, said his Stats had but one CoBgreesionsl district, aad the adoption of that resolutionpostponed till to morrow night mercal relations with that country, which honorable of revival by any surrender of principle, such as the namely, Mecklenburg-SUelHa, Iippe, Waldeek.ttteTt« principalities of Schwarzburg, and the two rmarin«iiaMNotwithstandingtheweathertherewaaquitealargetrustbewascompelledtodecline.UponhiereturntofriendsofDouglasrequire.Inamerepartyview,ttlacon-ofIJchtenatetn. w -.^J—HJilJJNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1860.-TRIPLESHEET.'orce upon the South tbe ultimatum of an abandonment o• the principle far which tnsy are now contending, or a stasnliitiua of tbe doaanatatto party, sad assises tneby an* orUM minortttes ef delegations oosanitirtag that svery ward said in enlafj af Bdward Everett,A tetter from Berne says:—At a meetbwa^u •>«a adoption would place them at the mercy of the majo- Mr. Wants*, of VenaeaJ, gave tan t mvotes of htotbe lutersselaa ef their iadlyldoaJMajor,all the principal ubabi'uwti eaen'dl^Jw**B. W . TMSTMO*, of Indiana, • o v a d tha TOSS ft ties reported from the oemmtuee was oae af the bold Everett be unanimous, aad it waa oarried byjust as well nommate Douglas by acclamation, and sparethemselvesthetroubleandexpenseofatriptoBaltimoreAny hope for a compromise upon into doctrtaeor protec- Council of Aargalp has granted the neossZrvTlS . ? *party tricks to phase the minorities anas* the control af Mr. ijTTSuntsvsdtsettttoFrasida*the majorities. If hia Stole had lastiiwtsit htoi for a par- nominations to Messrs. BeU and Everett. Adopted.tion is illusory. The 8outhera delegates are determines, nstaatatterssiiooJdtobeaasrtoostsjmr^^^^ ", ha wonld obey the tosh aollsas; tost aane given, aad ha deatred that theahouldvotemtheirtodtvtdeelcapacity.Oa assiaav, the Chair was authorised to appoint t National Executive Committee of one from each State,CC.LATHKCMmovedtheappointmentofanExecutive Committee to reside at Wastaington during the campaign. The latter resolution was oarried.Onmotion,thepresentNationalOommitteewasre-if they go into tbe Baltimore Convention at all, to have afall and frank recognition of tbe right of protection forslave property in the Territories, or nolota*. Let not the French Minister for Fore'gn Aflalrt.iadby^oX friendsofDouglasbedeluded withaayotheridea,byaay little exhibitions that may be made la bto behalf totheSootb. They may rest assured that the opponents of thisdoctrinearetbeexceptionstotbegeneralmasswhofavor it. The Meade ef Douglas toft the Oaeveatioa, as I passed on bra would be carried oot, be dtepe»MZIjresignation, w,,Tte several tetters, and drewWh-,vTrMr. Psaaaa, af Maryland denied that thehad aay intention af iiareetnsltag party amerequestionofexpediency. Bethooght aolntentieoteawjottoertbeveaeeof the adaortty- labia tatoad. own delegation it had bass detarmtoed tbntevnr]The Madridjournals of the 19th strove estsJae/OM execution of Ortega, but simply pnblSh two brW JL~? Pbic despatches from Tortoss^announctaf tbtSal 1 W state,bowevW,u>atoabetastoWiatsnTssaaZ!afcoeld aalsiiBlBi bow the voting waa to be whether the Convention would do it. Me best to leave It to tha delegations.Mr. MOWBISAT, of North Carolina, wanted sash district to have its vote, whether for Mr. Boustoa ar Br. Some-uttment the firmness and diplomacy of oar Ministerlargely contributed. Tbe oase of the Creole, and questionscotrseeted with Oregon and T ans, were also elements ofirotation Be procured at various times, and to tbe faceof great obstacles, tbe release from tbe penal colony ofVan Pieman's land of sixty or seventy American citi-7*nr, convicted of participation In tbe Canada rebellion. position in tbe South The game of brag is nearly played belong to private <AVara-BeU.Mr. McRsiisAD—I sboold say Graham.Mr. stosmnun continued, advocating the voting by dis-(Applause.)Waahtagloa Boat mmuch talked of for Vi*B President; would deprive that State of two votes.batspssrhnsyeaterdayhaTdarouaedafeelinglathe Mr.Bin.,ofGeorgia,advocatedtheresolutionofthe HewasbornnearNashville,Tennessee,FebruaryIB, Mr.Fillmore'sadministration.Tbeconditionoftbepub-good to Sardinia as tbe share of Savoy aad Nios will he renderefficientaidiatimeofneed,thanyielditand $ibo,ewi,(XXifrancs,whichFranceengagestopayiacashStates not felly represented to cast the entire vote of the anasedjuely after the adoption of this resolution, the presented.vole for any vacancy in their delegations.Convention proceeded to an Informal ballot for a candi- dal »'or Presidency.Mr. Vrapirr, of New York, offered s substitute that elections he continued a member of the House of Representativea for fourteen years. He entered Congress aeacn State be entitled to as many votes as she had warm admirer of Mr. Calhoun, and strongly opposed to at tbe commencement of the special executive session in the democratic party are making for Southern inte-Senators aad representatives in Congress, and that March. 1863. and made an elaborate speech on the CentralAlabama led off for Everett, aad the Massachusettsdelegation, Instead of voting for Crittenden, cast their vote each delegate be entitled to one vote. the protective system, against which he made a speech American question Such Is a brief outline of Mr. Eve-rests; aad with the sectional character which all par-tial are assuming, no alternative can be left to toe tended to the Aflige, and Included Verona aad Mantua,in 1832. Subsequent investigations and reflection in rett's career. Though past the age of sixty-tour, he Is mr aim The falling off from my stale-nem last night Mr. Gouots, of Virginia, offered a resolution that the dnced him to change his opinions on that subject stnl in tbe full vigor of bis intellectual faculties, and hisopposition but to stde with tbe SootOrre demo- still m the bands of the Austrian*. cracy, and thus render 'the South a unit. Withthat Houston would get upwards of eighty votes arose from tbe change of part of the New York, Now Jersey,iand Kentucky vote in caucus this morning.Ba:.ruiORE, May 10—Evening. Atthe assembling of the Convention, at live P M , CJLBwaaer, of Missouri, on behalf of the delegation from that State, presented the name of Edward Everett for V. e President, which waa received with great enthusiasm.chairman of each delegation cast the vote of the State, in accoruance with the Instructions given by the dele- gates from tbe different districts, where the State was not fully represented—a majority of the delegation to determine bow the vote u represented by districts ahali be cast, and where two delegatea representing one d[strict are divided in the opinion of each, be en- titled to half a vote.such a consummation, be atsnred tbe disunion scruoiesof Southern men will matettally dimintsn; sectionauamwill be rendered morecomotete,andbutMuleprovoca-tion will be needed to force the South to actual disuaion.Union of the South upon some strong sections1 ea-J dis-union issue is just what la Ixik-d lor by the a'lvocm * jfseparation, and things are no* strongly lending towanita realization of this oesire wben the <'emoca<i: partyat the Snath can clearly divest Itself of any mercenarymotive in its advocacy of th e slave code pnncipK andshow its disinterestedness by an atuebment to p moumat tbe hazard of political detest, but little difficu'ty *-iUexi't in the way of a union of all tbe Southern i en.-n sOf this tbey can furnieh tbe most infallible prex>' in tbeirzealous adherence to the principle of equal ngnte in trie commenced in afew monies.Territories. With sneb motives animating the rfpiDo/'ecy A large Oystal Palace, on tbe mole! or tbat of Lon- of the South, tbe Nortneru WICK of that [lerty can oavene* for the Vice Preeident, amidst cheer after cheer. Piesideat, and that the lowest candidate be droppedconnected with that subject which might have to be con man of the' Committee on Indian Affairs, n e was inthrough the Convention aa well as the galleries. Most of for President, and continue to vote till some one receiveand Anti Douglas Dtmocracy—7he Great DiJicuUy Not tobut very little ground of hope that a compromise w i n * don, is about to be buiit oppop'te tbe Alexander palace ateffected. There Is nogrouni fur boae. in fact. Ju*t %a St Petersburg, by tbe Horticultural Sootety, and ar- certain as the North refuses the nsntof prote-tion con- ranged for a permanent exhibition of plants an Sowers. tended for, and Douglas is nominated, will the -omn pat A letter from Cocetaetioopie. In tbe Opinion tVatwnale,tbe del>fates to all appearances were perfectly satisfiedbe believed that the Bubject was brought up at that time- a majority. Carried. four years before the expiration of the old charter-to the different delegates to take some other man Theysucceeded m changing seven from New York, and four Houston...Pell»1R8T BALLOT.co opeiaMon with the whigs*' This change ;of party rela- tions was much accelerated by his election to the Hpeak- erahtp of th-; House of Representatives in 1834. In June of that year Mr.Stevenson resigned the chairuponsies by old line whigs; such things, for instance, as Mr.Buchanan's administration, free trade, opposition to inter-tbe principle contendel lor, tbat encourages a nomii * o o another for antiquities, and the third lor Bysaatiae litera- by the South. The nomination would be made w • .oat ture, in which instruction In modem Greek will be intro-fromNewJersey,allofAlabama, andtoeGeorgaandrorida delegations Had those remains! tirm as they de- Mclean... elded to vote yeaterday, Houston would have received Granam...oae more vote than I telegraphed last night; but the Shavrkey... Crittenden.otangeofthirty votes on the first ballot set the tide Goggin.... In favor of Bell. Tbe Rubicon being passed, BottAfter a short discussion Mr. Goggia's amendment eras adopted, and the resolution as amended waa passed.He was opposed to tbe appropriation of money by the gsns- ralgovernment forroadsand canals intheStates,ex- cept in the case of some great road for military purposes, Uke the Pacific Railroad, and In favor of the policy of im proving tbe great rivers and lake harbors. With all tile apparent admiration for Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Bell opposed the South Carolina doctrine of nullification, and was made Chairman of the Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives, with special reference to tbe questionsThe same oouraa was pursued by the leaders of all tbeether delegations. and Mr. Everett was declared tbe nomi- Mr. Snmi.of Missouri, moved to proceed to vote for sidered and reported on. For ten years he was Chair..13 theIntendednomination ofMartinVanBurenassuelag them under the plea of Virginia and Nortti Caro- On motion of Mr. BROOKS, the nomination of M- Bail cessor to (ieneral Jackson The principal ground of Mr. for a position of positive power, in order to try again tbeanother effort to behalf of harmony. There is no» fter new tale, by M*s Con-mine, tbe authoress of the "Lamp- ornodivisioninVirginiaonthequestionofther: tale lighter." Itwillbeentitled"ElFurekiis;or,sheHappyprotection tor slave property In the Territories. I t tof VaPey." ^ ' in fact, more union among the democracy of Uu •isupon that principle at this time than there ever be •ate A German translation of " John Halifax, Gentleman,'' before. Tbe Hunter men, who fought vigorously ' •n forma the l,14tb-6th volume*, jut* poOhabed, of she Cincinnati platform ever since the issue upon it v i« "Europaieche Bibliothek der neuen bedetiuuachen Lt- raised, are now in favor of protection; so that Vi st teratur."therewasnochanceforhia. Hiefriendsweredesert Hivetitsa lor whiggery. It was then too late for turn to recover. was made unanimous, amid tremenlous cheers. proTal of the syttem of removals from subordinate officesTi e nomination of Bell is considered an abortion by at Mr. HXXKY, of Tennessee, a grandson of Patrick Henry, lor political reasots—a system whjcb Mr. Van Burenoast cne half of those here. The live men declare them- n the name ot Tenressee, thanked the Convention for tu • had zealously promoted in the party uonilicte of the We fear that the progressive men of the Convention State of New Yoj-k. and which, it was supposed, will be found too limited in numbers to overcome the oldselves swamped by their first deal, and that no eninu honor conferred on the State by the nomination of John he intended tey cany out to its full extentPlasm am be raised for Bell. The o d whigs of the Con- Bed, v.hem he pronounced patriotic, and above a!i sec- in tie toB'in.^ration of the federal government The tit al fogies wbose faith in an old line whig resurrection Is likeaid in the struggle for protection may be calcula'/ .'s Messrs. Ward k lock are pab'itthing from tne pen of with certainty. One piain inference to deducit >n Mr Albany Focblanque. Jr., "Hector Mainwaring," the the present aspect of things in the South, and tha Tl melo dramatic tale which originally appeared in the panes she is carefully concentrating her whole a- - asaid be was too slow, too cautious. That was a meritin Washingtona r e ,therefore,disposed torally supposed that his personal a n d political influence pataed by the Father of His Country. A cautiiusman cou.u not lull to subdue the opposition raised by JudgeJOHN BELL LN PHILADELPHIA. ProLADBLnnA, May 10, .CDfcuoun, May 10, 18o0. A correspondent of the ALKne, urn. at Christiaota, states A tremendous demonstration of the democracy i'*>k that the English language has of late become a compilaoryplace here to night, sustaining the delegatea to CharleMon breech of education in tbe public schools in Norway.self he could htve (ought under no other banner than that which looked to the honor, glory and perpetuity of the I'n on. The Revolutionary blood that llowed ia hn veins must be his excuse for dwelling upon fhe pre??rra-ration was exerted to this end. Judge White carried the State by a Urge majority, and Mr. Bell was re elected t» Congress. An impulse was given to tbe political churao u r of Teccesree, which arrayed it In opposition to the de- niocracy during the fonr succeeding Presidential elections, 1841-11-48-62. When the reception of petitions for thatuck delegation claiming that it will beag the ticket «ne hundred thousand votes in the South.The Convention having closed its labor; and adjorrned, asaae die. tht delegates are packing their truuke aad leav- tagforhomeA ratification meeting (s being held in Monumentavaare, ami • number of the delegates are speaking to and pslnted the disasters likely to result *"t 'in ifgaticn. favced the'r reception. Subsequently, in the slim crowd gathered there. It would certainly seem a dissoiut.cn of the Union. One of his broth, rr 1S3N. »heu Athertons re.-olutions were introduced,Hon. John Bell is at the Lapierre House, in th>« and preparations are making for a grand serenade i to morrow night.••, naffiir—not oc>y small, but lacks enthusiasm.This SJAV bo ewiig in part to the abort notice vecxrabie .brother in Iowa must In like manner be true :< rut o: the Caoinet. Mr Webster only excepted, he resign- given, but in view of tne laet that extras were pubdahed histectlon.' Thus, brother would bavo to dye his bj,n•'.<• Uoffice, on the separation of President Tyler fromthebelieve that the fire eaters will be reduced to good be- havior; that Douglas will be nominated by two thirds o*tbeConventionontheDouglasplatformadoptedatCharles- ton;thattbeSouthernsecederswilldwindledowntoa contemptible corporal's guard, and that the popularity of Douglas will soon repair all damages, and lead the partyA tew •wluroe of prose miscellanies (re printed from THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTH- //. vfcucLl Wor4t) by Mr George Augustus Sale, "Looking DETROIT, May 10, lSrt ' at life: or. Thoughts and Things," is announced bySuitable arrangements bave been made by the Ret b- Messrs. Routlecge & Co.in large numbers by the Baltimore press there ought to ia the bloo 1 of a brother. How horrible the iUea wing party, in the autumn of that year. The whig majo- my in tbe next Tennessee legislature which met afterbea largergai'.e.ingthanihs.e'i* aroundtheita^d. It 'ookadecutediyasthoughtbenominationshadfallenstill born even in Ba'ttmore—that the attempt to galvanize petrified whiggery a f t proved a decided failure.He hoped (<od mightstrikehim blindbeforebolooker biswithdraws"fromtheCabinet offeredhimthe officeof upon a Ian'1 desolated by fraternal strife- Mr InviSiau-sSenator,whichhodeclined. Mi.Bellre* Henry procet ded at some length in this strain a-ajctd in retirement until called by the people of hislicanCommitteesofthisStateandcitytoreceivetheN KcglandandNewYorkdelegatestotbeChicagoe>nr. tion apon tbe arrival of the special expreis fromNag Falls on Monday noon, and accompany them to Chicag ;Departure of Pnliadetpatta Mormons fjr fcaUt L a k e .[From the Philadelphia Ledger, May 8 ]TtereIs,itisstated,aprojectenfootforbringingerata newRomanCatholicoaiiy paperinLondon,whenthe paper duty comes off.Tbefirstinstalment basjurt appeared at Ieipsic of a German translation of Mr. Charles Darwin s work oa the origin of species.Mr. A. W. Thayer, ot Boston, Uniiod States, has beenat Berlin and Vienna, zealously ecg*ged in gleaning mate- rials for a life of Brelbovm. Mendelssohn's Beethoven mtcuecripis hsve been placed at bte disposal, and he hasOUR SPECIAL WASHINGTON DESPATCH.Yesterday afternoon a crowd assembled at tbe de totof tbe Reading Railroad, at Broad and Cailowhilt s re* JS, hopes of being permitted eccees to others in u e Roj»J for the purpose ol wilnsesiog the departure of a laige Library at Berlin, coneleung of a few letters and a t»iou-The nomination of BeU at Baltimore is considered avwithout figure of speec i. unwashed. Burnt brandy wouldaaiuts—Salt Lake City. The emigrants for that dtttantpoint cumbered 250 adults, about one half or whom w- refemales, and about eighty children, thirty of wbom w.-rerequired 10 pay half fare, the others being too amal> todeserve the notice of the ticket sgent. Of the wholenumber, over fifty were natives of Philadelphia, bu.principally descendants of English, Swiss and Germain bracelets. The fortunate owner will be Mr. Howard Gal-ton.weak n< mutation, but will probably Insure t h e nomina-tion of some other man than Seward at Chicago. If Ho JSton aad Everett had been nominated, tbe election wouldNebraska mil was presented in the Senate, Mr. Bell pro-in the papers shortly, i *ey would never reunite. Once ictk-d a^ainat its passage. In the controversy on the ad- lai'ed coat of Mr Douglas He is the difficulty. If heART.Mr Gibson, R. A., has juet completed the rnoielficg ofprobably bave gone to the House with a fair chance forsuccess. When it was first reported this morning that held together by the coheSi'vo power of the public plunL.conptonconstitution.MEMOfB OF EDWARD BTBRETT.Edward Everett, the Union candidate for Vice Presi- dent, was born In Dorchester, Massachusetts, April 7,Buthewillnotgetoutof tbe way. Theadoption ofan anti equatter sovereignty platform may rule him out of tfce Convention, but his friends will pronounce tnis act an outrago, and ihey will run him as the legitimate candt elate if the democratic party, cheated out of his justand tbe remainder, with the exception of about twenty,tbat arrived last week ta New York from England. ha»ebeen residents of this city for some time, and connectedwith tbe Conference which has its effieers In this city. abore of tbe river Oise. near tbe old bridge of Oompiegae, This Conference embraos the States or Pennsylvan a. where the bereine was taken prisoner by tbe English on New Jersey, and p^rt of Connecticut, and'connected wits! the 23d of May, 1430. Ibe monument is to consist of aHouston wa« nominated. a feeling of general confidence dcr. He denounced the r<publicans as sectional, and ifBy order of tbe French Emperor, a monument will be erected to the memory of tbe Mei<><>' (Jrleans, on the rightdepleting the horrors of dissolution and civil warcount •, in 1847, to represent them in the State Senate, in-inch year, on the occurrence of a vacancy, he waa to victoryelected to th* UDlted States Senate, to which be was re- Tbe act) Douglas conservative democrats tell us that a Many of 'he de e«a^s are feeling decuiediy down in the The democratic p trty was broken on the rock of popular ti.cte.; in J8.r>3. His term of service expired in March, sufficient number of Northern votes will be gained—are,He thought the,' had a fair chance to redeem tbe land-if', s'cce wbich ufflu he has been living in retirement from public lite.In the innate Mr. Bell opposed the policy of »aLex'xv J!; x.i o and other Spanish American States said he saw last week returning stragglers from Charles to the Icon He was tn favor of the compromise mea- • WASH1.VGTO.V, May 10, 1860. ton. He never saw t uch disconsolate lookingjmen, an ' sures of 18{o, but desired to seethe issues then made fully "tiled »t the time of the division of Texas into States as provided by tbe act of annexation. In 18M, when the•mieed. already promised—to set aside the Douglas and adopt the anti-Douglas plat'orm; and that, next a staunch conservative national ticket will bring the followers of Mr.Douglaf to a graceful submission.The Northern rights democracy are Inflexible in theiralternative ot an anti Douglas platform, or aa independent Southern rigns demacratio ticket, and they bave but Utile ta.ib in tbe promised assistance of the New York delega- tion in behalf of an anti Douglas platform.mouth to night, and I itaagiae that it will cot be long be- fore there will be a sudden sickness ail around.Sovereignty, and t he republicans would be stranded upon the irrepressible o<inflict, while the vessel bearing ther fortunes would wall' the waters like a thing of life. Hrway- I TMro*jsm»i'kVMtjOBtrotV0L1T-PA1 I twain Twe • tartrstrkx •teetery eoeti fa*, la the honot save them. He e tweeted to see their obituaries beatentheywouldnever.wive, because theywereonlyThe * hole case, however, ia reducablo to tbe short r«ifsioro' Kansas, In March. 1858, Mr. Bell opposed the win ooiy get out of the way there will be no dittlculty.a chaiming figure of Hebe, in the act of presenting a cup cf Cedar to some fortucatediviniiy. This statue will be<4e- lirately colored and ornamented with a roll diftem aodhis idols, Henry Clay and ilnniel Webster, were to riseand enthusiasm waa awakened not easy to describe, whilethat of BeU has raited to create any hope of success. It from the dead and lead that t actional party, he would not 1794. His father, the Rev. Oliver Everett, w is the pre- ciain-8 by a combination of unscrupulous personal ene-will probably, however, divide and distract Tennessee and get a large vote in Pennsylvania and some of he Middle States, unless the republicans make a conservativenomination at Chicago.The action of the repubLoans to-day, In repealinr the law of New Mexico relating to slavery, Is considered an Im- politic movement, and will tail against them in the next sampaign.The passage of the Homestead bill by the Senate, al- though sot by a party vote, may help Br. Waie, who has charge of it.Mr. Seward and hiahowever , a remarkablehas been :n the Senate for ten years, yet it is well knownthat flvs^sixthsof tha republican delegation in Congress to congratulate them for the nomination of John Bell. Hestatue of Jeanne d'Arc,and wi 1 be executed after the well known work oi tbe Princes* Marie of Orltans.axe opposed to hiefound here a band of patriots who were animated by no sordid desire for the spoils of office. He hoped his counrymenwouldbreaktheshacklesofparty, sad strike a blow for freedom.The Convection took a recess till five P. M.A ratification mass meeting will b e held to night in Mo.With a view of qualifying himself for the duties of his post, h e entered upon an extended course of European studyandtravel,leavinghomeinthespringot1816,and passed two yean at the famous University of Gottingen, engaged to the study of the German language and the Drenches o f learning connected wtth this department He passed the winter of 1817-18 at Paris. Thenex*evidently more to be sought after for their power tofaithiuUy labor in household duties Tbey seemed to beindifferent about their departure, and moved about morewim the spirit of those who were fully carrying out theScriptural lDjunctloa, "Wives, obey your husbands.''But here and there could be seen a countenancetbat plainly Indicated tbat t b e separation fromfriend*., borne and a native city, was painful, notonly to tbem but to relatives who bad assembledtobldtbem a fond adieu. Many tears were shed, andthe parting in some cases waa distressing and tearful,even to the spectators, wbo felt no particular interest ta m Norway. at the end of the presett month. The expedi-friends a r e still odhfident It i s ,It Is stated that Mr. Gambart to tbe purchaser of Mr. Holman Hutt'e "Finding of Christ ta the Temple," and oa the painter's terms—16,0C0. exclusive ef copyrighth eTBE PROCEEDINGS OF THE CONVENTION BAinmns, May 10, I860.Judge SHAKKXT, of Mississippi, was no orator, aa Brutus was. but a plain, blunt man. He appeared before themhistorical fact, that althoughA picture of the "Ho'y Family." by Sebastian del Pk»- bo, which baajust been totd by auction at tbe puboeseleThe Convention met at tan o'ewsk.The Csumfreeanted% i^,.{rom jac(ge Chambers,of numcntsquare.fiCIXKCK.The Academy of Sciences of Stockholm b u granted aregret at not being able to attend, hoping that a wise and patriotic result would be atphic despatch from Washington, from W. [ New York, urging tha constitution andAFTERNOON SESSION. The Convention met at five o'clock.spring he again visited London, and passed a few weeksat Cambridge and Oxford. In the autumn of 1818 he re- the South Determined to Insist Upm the Doctrine of Prot* .sum of 8,Ct 0 rix dol'ers banco (about £1.700) towards the expense of a scientific expedition to Spitzbergen and the adjacent Polar regions, which is to set oat from Tromsoe,State for Everett. Mr.Hnx,efGeorgia,inbehalfofadsStateMMnomination of Mr. Everett.sy , aad was always zealous aad prominent to his efforts to securegoodtreatmenttotheIndians. DuringntoCon greislonaJ career he displayed a thorough knowledge of tbe politics of thecountry andtbe wants ofthe whole Union, and his speeches always engaged the moat profound attention. In the autuma of 1884no declined a rtnomination to Congress, as his political friends to Mas taebutetto were desirous of presenting bto name as candi- rfatetortbe office of Governor, to which be was chosenby a large majority to the ensuing election. He was after wards three times re elec ed, holding the executive office touryears. Hisadministrationwasdignified,usefuland popular In the autumn of 1189, after aa animated strug- gle, be was defeated in another contest for tbe guberna- torial chair, by Marcus Morton, br a majority of ana vote. Is1840besailedforEuropewithbtofamily,aadresnained abroad for five years, fonr of which he passed as smart.anion. Aa to tbe doctrine of protection, tbe Northern delegatestotheadjournedBaltimoreConventionmight tienwasadoptedby260votesagataat8-Theaan?iThe usual vote of thanks to the President and officers of the Convention was adopted.On motion the National Oommittee was authorzed to select the place of meeting ef the next National Conven- tion.Mr. Hcrr, to a few remarks, tendered his acknowledge- ments for the courtesy and kindness with which be had been treated as prefixing officer, and congratulatod tha Convention on tha happy issue of their labors.Adjourned Kite die.Afterthefinaladjournment aainformalmeetingtookplace in Monument Square, where extensive preparationshave bain in progress for several days for a grand ratiUration meeting, which, owing to the uniavorable weatherDuring the periodalso tbat be was allowed to spend twenty hairstaS' • **•gathering hstenmg to the speeches of Mr Varian and other members of the Convention.the United States, in 1845. b e w a s chosen President of Barvard University; hut bto impaired health com- ui'ed him to resign his post at the end of thiee years In 1880 he was called upon by President Fill- more to fill tbe vscant Secretaryship of Stats made vacant by the death of Mr. Webster. He held the office during tbe tost four months oftended that this surrender woald be disastrous to the demo cretic party in tbe South; tor it would unquestionably involve its future ascendancy to that section fa this aspect of tbe matter, it la asked by many here if it would not be wiser to adopt a principle which is to maintain iaAbout £4,600,000 worth of silver m exported from Mexico yearly, nearly tbe whole of which is conveyed to Europe b y tbe West Indie mail packets.latest efforts surpass in merit even those of the zenith of bis manhood. Those who remember his oratory thirty rearsago recognise initthe samefireandenergythat charmed them at that period, refined and chastened by long practice and familiarity with all classes of auditors. It is rare to find a man who has led so laborious a hie, displaying, after years of toil, so keen an interest in every movement of life and affairs Though classed among 'be roDservative men of tbe country, be is the eloquent ad- vi rate of rational progress in every (orm of social deve- lopement.THE GOSSIP OP WASHINGTON. OUK VCAtSILNGTON C0KRESP05DENCK.WASHINGTON, May 9,1860. Home two hours waa thereupon spent on buncombe after every third ballot. Laid on the table. favor of a United States Back, though he voted agam«t The Old Line WMg$ at Baltimore Opposed to General Sam apeet'bes, and a regular epidemic of enthusiasm swept Mr Brsix, of New York, moved to proceed to a baliot the bill for its recharter In 1832, bees use, as it is al'ege-J, Houston—Signs of an Ota Line Whig Fizzle— TheDouglasSKETCHES OF THE CANDIDATES. MXMftlR OF JOHN BULL.Tbe fena Oatette states that the portion of the national active vigor the oaly wing ef the democracy that caa debt which tbe French government will have to make1107. He was the son of a farmer in moderate cirenm- otances, who was, however, able to give him a gaol educafion at Cumberland College, now Nashville Univer- sity, where he graduated In 1814. He studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1816, and nettled at Franklin. Williamson county, Tenn., and was elected to the State Senate in 1817. He soon saw his error in entering so earlyinto public life, and declined a re-election, and for the ca. But the question that attracted most of the publicnexttenyearsofhislifedevotedhimselftohisprofession. interestduring Mr.Everett's a>ministration ofthe De-In 1826 he became s candidate for Congress against Felix tartment of State was tbe Joint proposition of Great Bri- Grundy,oneofthemost popularmenintheStateor tainaDdFrancetoenterwiththeUntiedStatesIntoa rtpartlte convention, guaranteeing to Spain to perpetuity Tennessee, and who had the powerful support of Andrew <be exclusive poetesston of Cuba This proposition was State. They should only vote for districts that were re- Jackson, then a candidate for the Presidency against John declined by the United Stares, ia a diplomaticQuincy Adams. Mr. Bell was elected. By successive note of great ability drawn up by Mr. Eveproviso.Jon* A. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, opposed allowingrender Jar more efficient aid than the traitor Ceastly, with his free soil horde, now afford to tbe Southern wing of the democracy In this view of the mattir, an<) apart from the vital principle involved, the South would aot fooltsbly in abandoning the principle of protection, for in so doing tbey would inevitably destroy tbe vitality of toe democratic party in the only section where Kbaa aovBell's opposition to Mr. Van Bnren waa his strong disap-exploded notions of a party dead and buried eight years ago.tijnaiism. His life has been devoted to the commoa good *eparati<n between Mr. BeilandGen. Jackson took place a that of the Millerites in the second advent—a faith which183A, when Mr BHI declared himself In favor of Judge neitber experience, nor the failure of prophecies, nor the and common weal ofall America. If elected his administra- Wbite 'or the Presidency, in opposition to MJ-. Van Buren.tion would be pure, patriotic and constitutional. But it was T'p to that time there had been no opposition in Tennes- lights of common sense can shake. Very few republicansveatiss have carried their point, and l i e Young Ameri- can element will leave with their heads down. The most ardent supporters of Bell do not claim an\ greater suc- cess than the Fillmore ticket received in ised.The nomination of Everett for Vice President has satis-fledjnan; of the disappointed spirits, some of the K«a- held the helm of reason to control his conduct For him White and his friends. The whole force of the adminis-strength for tbe last great act in tbe political c • 'e disunion.of 'he now defunct Evrrybodyt J' urnai"A New Biograpbta Britannia, a Series o ' Lives of Il-lustrious Englishmen, by various Writers " is announced by Mr. Murray<y'uniform with Dr. William Smith's Classical Dictionaries "We bear rumors of the preparation of a second series of the remarkable "Essays and Reviews," by eminent members of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, published by Messrs. J. W Parker a Son.see to (.eneral Jackson's administration, and it was gene-or democratsgive the slightest importance to this Independent Union party, or this National Whig Convention, as It is called by the oid Rational Intelligencer. Perhaps our misgivings on this score may prove to be groundless; bat since yesterday our anticipations of a bold, popular, independent, new line movement for the Presidency from this Baltimorefollowed, and sxsepsedMlscellane**. Foreign Ileaaa.A totter from St, Petersburg says-iastructieci a»rytaf oattoa ebsttosa of serfdom are I the authorities. Among ether thtoas ordered tbat traders, bqrgesaes and in ,ofCntan.upon tbe vetoe of tbe Onion as Itortbera men suppoteMr E v e than Just esMtodFrosialaaiei tha Dnhed Stetas > trett served tea years ia Oeagrese, aad danng thaparted h e w a s a m s a s s e r a f taeCnasmWiee e n Faretga Affairs, perhapa the most isapertant one at that time in theBoose of Representatives, in the Twentieth Congress hewas chairman of that cnaamlttsn la tbe Nineteenth Con- In tbe opinion of many Southern msn of high standgress, though then Just elected to tbe Hones, and the tag, it is rather a disadvantage to tbe Soothyoungest member of tbe committee, be drew tbe ortaf otherwise; aad with such feelings, it wouldorated report on the Panama mission. H e was chairmanduring Mr. Adams' Presidency, to tbe Georgia controver- no very street incentives to bring shoot dis tbur (canton of Zurich) on the 14to amtyirroka. an Minister at the Court of S t Jamei.of his mission some delicate questions, of which that of ibe Northeastern boundary and theMcLeod casewere the most prominent, threatened th e pacific relations of th e United States and Great Britain, and to their amicable ad-am credibly informed, determined to get up an outsidepressure, in the shape of popular displays, wherever a ftoos preparation. ^ ^ ^ ^aad the incomplete state of tha arrangements, has been f ted commission to China, wtth a view to establish com- say it is killed there already—killed, toe, beyond tbe hope seven States In Germany watch have no ralleara—heRemoved—The Republican Tariff Hill, dc., for Cam forward a candidate of its own. This will i>•tbe case says:—Tbe relations between tbe Porte and dervla appear with the result ef the Convention, but the private opinions A resolution was carried for the appointment of tellers, merely to defeat (Jenerai Jackson in the ensuing Pre- paign Purpose*—W. JO. Seward Already Fluting Out even sbocld Douglas be nomicevd on any platform, aud to bave beoome somewhat better. The Servians diatreat*assay of them are predfcii >ns of a failure. and the Chair appointed Messrs. Brooks of New York, At eleven A M. yesterday the ooooiaatioa of Houston Hackett of Tennessee, Watson of Mississippi, and Rockwas conceded by everybody hero, and in view of this well ot Connecncut,sidential election,and becausehe wasafraid the:'resi-President Elect, rfc., 4c. the battle will be fought upon this slave cole isi>ue tbat succession to tbe prinaely throne shall be made gThejSonth looks upon tbesuccessof itscandidatesm hereditary;buttheTurkishgovernmen*.refusestosseori General Sam Houston, as we are informed by an old certain, inasmuch aa an election by the House of Repre- it A compromise has accordingly bee n made la thfsthe Virginia and North Caroina delegation*, which are all old whigs, commenced a desperate gameTbe delegation from .Maryland retired for consultation.to be acceptable to the National Opposition PartyConven- bably tour, candtdatea in the field. It tearfuwl tbat the Vlilofch, as future Prince of Servta: bet be la to reign not same vote wblch decided in favor ot protect; n in toe as heir of his father, but aa nominee of tbe Porte.lic business made them months ef most severe labor, tmorgthe Important matters that demanded hia con- sideration were those relating to the Crescent City steamer, Lobes islands, and the negotiations pertaining todestroy this organization, without even a hope of infusing tbe least vitality into tbe dead carcase of democracy at tbe North. Let this principle of protection be once aban- doned by the Southern democracy, and we woald have the debris or Know Nothingism and. whiggery getting up a grand revival upon the vantage grouno abandoned by the democracy. Having changed places with the demo cratic patty South, they would have tittle difficulty inat short dates.The Testes says, that reckoning exports aad imports aad Incloding specie of all ktada, the external trade of Great Britain nav probably now be estimated at Hoc,. OCO/C0 sterling per annum.Tbe northern Whig gives a series of table* to shew tbat, in Belfast, Ireland, drunkenness was actually more rampant ta that town aod neighborhood during the " re- vival months," in I860, than ia the preceding year. "Oar readers will find," says our cootemporary, •• from the police statistics, tbat in precise proportion aa're- vivalism' grew hotter and ranker, dll drankeoanes fol- low Its example, and, with barometrical aaerrmgnees. mark tbe more or lees density of oar moral atmosphere. 'If we eompare tbe map of tbe present kingdom of Victor Emanuel with tbat of the Romon empire, we Had that it corresponds pretty exactly to Oaa'pine Gaol a n d E>mria. Nice ta those times, as well as ta oar days, waa taken for a disputed territory, and soawtimee b e - longed to the Cnaipitie. sometimes to tbe Transalpine province The Rubicon now, as then, forme the frontier towards Cmbrta, bat on the eastern side the province ex-rett Before leaving tbe Department of State Mr. Moreover, an adhesion to this principle will inevitably Everett was electee by the Legislatureot Massachusettsto bring to its rants the opposition elementa In the S men. tbe Senaie or the United States, took bis seat in that body They cannot fail to appreciate the laudabi" efforts » hobdent would veto the bill, which proved to be thecal*Be protested against the removal of the depot its, and line whig this morning, is too much or an old line democrat sentatives is regarded as Inevitable with three, aad pro- way: The Porte baa designated Prtaoe Michael, aon ofMr BaaNm, of Minnesota, asked to be excused from refused to vote for a resolution approving that tion at Baltimore. Thus it appears that within the last Committee on tbe Platform at Charleston, when tbe voteTbe Indicateur Eoonomique of St Petersburg, states thai against him, and at three o'clock this morning voting as the only delegate from that State and be only measure. This refusal was one of the causes which twelve months General Houston has committed himself to- waa taken by States, would secure tbe tJecticn'o toe three hew chairs are to be created at the university ofthey were going from room to room, and making appeals ted to tbe subsequent breach between himself and Preei- Southern candidate in the House of Representative-. Ita proxy. dent Jackson and the democratic party, and finally to his all those things which are regarded as rank political here- is this consideration, together with the vital cnarai'- r of tbat capital—one for the general history of iterattire,Fverett...nalimprovementsbythegeneral government, &c.;and. .ti. being nominated Minister to Great Britlan, and Mr. Bell so the old regular dyed in the-wool whigs cannot swallow Southern States to make some ahow of adiapwit tie M. Destani8, wbo is attached to the Asiatic department..57 ,..''j ...25duced. M Pypine, wbo bas recntly returned to Rjesia fromsbroad,iscesignatedforthechairofUteresere;and...ti,.. ti ..28 .. 8was elected t« tveceed him in opposition to James K. Polk, afterwards President or the United States, who was ttr, anuijate ef the administration and of the demo- crat;ci-^ty Mr.Bell wassupportedbyfbewhigs,aadthe olu independent soldier-statesman of Texas. Sticking fast to the ' obsolete ideas" of old line whiggery, these oldlinewhig*imaginethatJohnBell is their man, and thustheyproposetocastawaythisgoldenopportunityharmonize with the Northern wing of tbe dein v a to oi tbe Ministry of Foreign affairs, for the two others, fors,any further effort at compromise, if tbe seceding i-.des aidnotdeemitexpedientfortbeultimateunionora.. ov; a portion.«.f the democratic party who were opposed toWhile the border slave States favor the prindp'e oi .cy. taction, they would hardly consent to an immediate ^ro- drawal, and onlyyieldto asectional nomination ithwhich he la considered to be very wall qualified.LITEKkTCKE.Messrs. Sampson, Low&son promise nextmontha"Autobiographical Recollections, including extracts from his correspondence, by Charles Robert Lt*ue. R. A , twooftheUnion.(Loudcheers.)Ineloquenttermsh>-sbolltonofslaveryintheDistrictofColumbiaconcernbavecollapsedfromtbeapparentlyimmovable DEMOCRATICMEETINGATCINCT2TNA.. withaprefatorymemoirbyTomTaylor,Esq,teaoouturged it* m to stand by the Union to deatn. was aggitated in the House of Representatives incubus of old line whiggery. We may by to-morrowto be published by Mr. Murray.h'ved with him in Tennessee and another in Iowa. Wiiti p'c(K*iDg to receive aria lay these petitiocs on the table, he maintained h s oonsfsknsy by voting in the negative. aonuaatioa, bat the gathering tonight Is a tame must ne the result of internecine war? To be true 11: > » hen Preeident Harrison, in 1841, was forming his-Cabi- sectionhemustrallytotbestandardofhisState,»u'i, l'et,MrBell wasinvitedtoaccepttheWarDepartmentwho voted for the Cincinnati platform and Douglas. < >ne hundred and fifty three guns were fired.Tbe MM Hachette, of Paris, have published tbe cntn- p'rte corrtspondence of Bullbn, including many of his hithertounpublishedletters.that Baltimore wouid be enthusiastic for tiuin 1826, Mr Bell alone, of the Tennessee de>evening have some definite results before us, for this Con vention Is conveniently small, and Its labors will probably be wound up in two daya, or three at the outside.Among the democracy, Douglas and anti Douglas, veryconfidenthopesareexpressedofaharmoniousreunionat •JeTrta'>»tip,%io which he readily assented. With the Baltimore in June. The Douglas democracy profess tovote for them He believed a vast majority of the people mies.of the country were in favor »X the Union, and if they decessor of President Klrkland as pastor Of „the New TLe House of RepreRentativee ba> be>n working veryvoted their sentiments John B*el.' would be the nextSouth Church in Boston, and was afterwards Judge ot the Court ef Common Pleas in Norfolk county, Mass. Edwardindustriousij for tne laM two oays upoi. „ protective tariff bill, which, assure as it wUl be passed in this branch, will be swamped in the other. No man supposes thatilia a saving fund, where the faithful, who have an e y eon Utah, with a view of making it their abiding place,deposit thelr^avitgt, until they accumulate a sutfldent amount to take them out, and prvoiie formerly director of the Acaoemla dl Belle Arti.at Venice,for tber wants until they get Into business whom we find quoted as an autoonty in Sir C. Eeatkke s But few ever go until they have taken unto annual reports, has emphatically decJared tbe plstnre ofPresident. If every man dk.' his duty he wouldbe triumphantly successful in Kovember. He would Everett entered Harvard College In 18C7, at the early age any protective tarifl bill can be passed by this CongressAccording to a contemporary tbe Marchess P. Servatico,Uke to h e President for about thirty days.to the vampyres who are reeding on the life blood of the nation, "Take op your bed and march." (Hearty laugh ter.) Mr Henry proceeded at some length in the same strain, denouncing the corruption of tbe present adminis-of thirteen, and was graduated in couras ia 18U, with the highest honors, in a class containing more than the ave rage amount of ability. Far same time after graduating- he waa employed to his Alma Mater as a tutor, at the same time pursuing his studies in divinity, the profession which be had selected. In 1812 he delivered a spirited poem before the Phi Beta Kappa Society, on American fioets. In 1813 be was settled aa pastor over the Brattle street church In Boston, In 1814 h e published several works on religions subjects, and in this year he waaThe great object of this bill is potlti mi capital for the re- publican party in those shaky manufaaunag States of RbcCe Island, Connecticut, New Jersey and Pennsylva- nia Add to this the Free Homestead bill of land for the landless,and that broai aad all-pervading Northern anti- slavery ritual of free soil, free speech and free men aad we bave the republican platform in a nutshell.For the rough work of the campaign, the reports of tbe Covode and other Investigating committees will sup ply all possible cemanas. Thus armed and equipped the repabucans are ready for the nomination o f W H Se w ard a s their annotated leader , behaving that t h e rupture among tbe deni««ii«cy opeas the way to his triumphaltration, and urging vernmentan earnesteffortt oredeemthe g o -The Royal Academy bas voted tbe sum of £60 in aid of the Female school of Art in Cower street.for Vice President.Mr Sw-rzija, of Missouri, after a tow reatarks, nomi-Florence, Rome and Naples. In the spring of 1819 he for this Doctrine to Asm the Democratic Pariyin thethe matter, (me mother received a daguerreotype froma son, who. with bis young wife, was about seeking afortune ta tbat far distant country, and another gave theagent money to buy little comrortsfor a daughter, whosetears and sobs told bow agonising was the parting. Tbemen, a s a general thing, did n o t exhibit much feeling, planet at tbe Observatory of Bilk, neaa.Duaaeldorf It hi but acted and looked a s If their condition could c o t b e1 Address" aa a sufficient platform. nated Edward Everett (Immense applause.)msdeasaort tour in Greece; returned home in tbe sameyear, and entered upon the duties of his professorshipDuring his residence in Europe his range ef study em-braced the ancient classics, the modern languages thehistory and principles of panne taw aa then professed in I understand that tbe friends of Mr. Douglas in Wash damaged by a flight to Utah. One man from Wilmtagtca, Jupiter.wil, delegates appeared from Florida » * * l * w * ~ •"* repreeeated yesterday.* *"•»»• B- Inrsassuii, repented from the Committee on M a e s s ton result of thatr w^Mlemi, which, be .aid, mat charaotortaed by great aaaaintitj aad patriotism TJ*reportsays,that—that all plat tone* adopted by pontics! parties have the eft** t3 mit- Jeadsadtocaasepoliticaldivisionsbyeaoo*rag.ag,«o-grashtoaJ and sectional parties, inert-fore,Resolved, That both patrtotiam aad doty require thattheyshouldrecognise no policy or prtnopieabutthoaa resting on the broad foundation of the consii'j^.-a A the country,theunionofthe States,aadtha?aorcenientof the lawn— (gnat anpiaaa* and aix etx-r*)—an i fa*;, nrepresenteer«r of'tbeConstitutionalI'conpartyuiof tbe couatry, tbrv plei'ie themselves to mt'otaia. protect and defend these pnttv''P**», thus aflfcrumg security atOn the 24th of Msrrb Dr. Luther daoovered a sewacceptedtheaomlnalioniaaaappropriateaddress.He rejoaced that the Convention had today rejected the doc- hine of availability, and appealed to the nobler im-He t * e fonnd time to prepare and publish a translation The issue is now fairly made upon the principle of protec- ser, a German, and a resident of this city. His ordersfirst observed on tbe 24th March, then twice on lbs Oth ult..andtwiceonthe10th.Tbe Council General of tbe Hcranlt, of which M Mtobal Cheval er is a member, offers a prize of 10,000 francs tor tbeinventionofasimple andpracticalmethodtorsseer- tatatngwhetherandtawhat prsportion alcoholsdistilled from wine are mixed wtth alcohols distilled from other substances. TbepriseessaysaretobeseattothePre- fecture of the Herault before July 1. 18fl. aad the judges will be fonr chemists and physxnans of feoatpelisr, asset-ed by a member of the agricultural society of tbe depart. meata »fflrf jo bop, tB,,^ ^ ^ ^ T m iH eof"Jtuttman'sGreekGrammar.'' Mr.Everett'spubiio ute bc.tan in 1824, when he was nominated aad elected to CoDfeTess by the constituency of the district in which he'resided. Hisnominationwas madewithoutbis being c*>nsmlted, and was a spontaneous movement on thepartoftheyoungmanofhisdistrict,withoutdiatinc- tioaef party. Be was a supporter ef John Quincy Adams,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tlonforslavepropertyintheTerritories,andtheSouthto determined not to abandon It. The successor a Preside a tialcandidateisnoconsiderationwtth theSontb, when a ftbotoebosbetweentbataadprinciple. Tbepreservation ot the Union itaelf is secondary to the success of a vitalprinciple in tbe estimation of tbe Soothern peo.Me. And it would be well thai Northern men who prof.«sattac;i ment to the Union should consider that fast befo.T they.aresupreme,tidtbeemigrantsareexpectedtoobey them ImphortlyTTne party are UcketeJ fbr Florence, Kansas, where some or them will remain, but a targe majorityofthemwill>roceeddirecttoUtah,TheMessrs.LongmanpromisetoMaytheMiscellaneous Writings of Lord Maoaniay; Mr. Martin Archer Shoe's life of bis Father, tbe tote President of tbe Royal Acade- my; and "Two Months in the Highlands, Oreadia andkye," by Mr. C. R. Weld, tbe well known tourist^^!!1!!T**"—l"*-"«*>•*•*» eathaata.,, aad it, vaked a aaitad eflbrt In behalf af earcountry *nd our oucuson destinyH e woald saychosen Professor of Greek literature In Harvard College. march into the White House. It has been a verv^seneralopinion beretnat either Seward or Douglas wifl be oar f^J^o^i' Sd.w1th Dou«,M «*offlt the knees^yATTITUDE OF VIRGINIA.Our Richmond Correspondence. RJCHHOM), V S , M sy 8 , I860.A motion was made to proceed to ballot for a candidate turned to the Continent, and divided the winter between ton for Slave Property imtkc Tcrritoriet-The Necessityknocked down at tn.ooof. This pietnre, which Is painted on cedar wood, represents S t Joseph, the Virgin, tee In- fant Jesus, sad tat. John. It was recently daoovered by a yocng man ta aa old convent at Toledo, aad by htm bronght to Paris and cleaned, when it was aoos rsoag nized by connohseurE as a fine work.aoutk^Th^Opfotitim VoUto be MtvoncOed-d Southern mvceCode Candidate Almost Certain to be NominaUd- TheXncouraffemeniBMOutfor Such a Step-Virginia United in Hum af ProtecMon-Ditunion Imminent, dc.Mr..BitooKs, of New York, followed, and in the name of hie delegation seconded the nomination.Various relegations through their Chairmen endorsedthe nomination of Mr. Everett, each announcement beinggreetedwithtremendouscheeringandsverydemonstra-tion af enthussum.Mr. HULASD, of Maasachnsetta, in behalf of Mr. Everett deurtcsa JaVtsew, which h e osadaeasd till 1824. waged. Never was a more erroneous Idea entertained. The emigrants are under tbe special charge of C J Mer- JuDtter. it has received tbe name of Concordia, and wasthe German universities, aad a comprehensive examine- togton and elsewhere flatter themselves with the Idea him, he having left that city owing an Individual $200. M lather, tbe web* known astronomer of BHj, an-lien of the existing political system of Europe. Sinulhv tbat the Sontb will yield something for the sake of har The friends were soon notified of tbe fact, and a few nounces'be discovery of s new ptaneifof the eleventh n.*us withhitprofessorshipheeditedthe*Vort* w»rtothecontestaponprinciplewhichisnowbeing minutesbeforethetrainleftthemoneywascollected, magnitude,beingtbefiftyeighthoftbeseriesoftele-Untitled DocumentAfter all, tbe South ptaeee ao each high estimatenumber of Mormons lor the great haven of Morm >n ssnd pages of bis sketch books.themselves a help mate, and never more than one,tbey aay, leaving the question of a second or third not only obvioasly by Eaflae-ie. but a singularly beaatifal wife to be decided after their settlement In the new oonn end well preserved specimen of the master.• try, and ascertaining their capabilities of taking care of aplurality of these household convenienses Most of themacknowledged tbat it was hard work to lake care of oaewife in their present locality, and unless the land of theProphets should be more abundant in tbe fat things ofibis earth, they should be adverse to mat log any moreknots ta Hymen's silken cord. The party that left yes-terday were evidently a hard working people, and, judg-ing by appearances, their lives bave not been spent ta room in tbe Rue Drouot, was put up at 2,f00f, sad the ways of the rich or prosperous. The women wereDelaware, waa about leaving, wben aa officer arrestedand tbe Wilmington Mormon allowed to depart to peace. secpic planets hitherto discovered between Mars anddiscussion or three hours' rturniioa the follow** *A Parts letter to the Kord states that the » i ~ . ~ - ^ percbeatB* Candle, attributed to the Oaks de n l i w ? ? vtsittogOoesteatmople, Is formallyOMtredteudITT.£A letter from Alexandria, la tbe Paris Patrie, gives same details relative to tbe state of things connected with the Suezcanal:—Whilst mgottatioesarebeingcarriedonbe- tween ice Pone aod tbe European Powers on tbe sonject of the catal, the preparatory works advance ta F^tjpt Two moles are he-tog constructed at Port Said, oae of which will run out 2,000 metres into tbe eaa, and the otber 800 Stations, targe (bide, and other establiefa- menta of a rerun extent, are being built between Pert Said and £uex, and a large toaa is to be founded hah* way between the two pia~er. wtich will b« named after tbe son of tbe Virerov The number of Europ»-«a work- men employ> i le about *<o, out the native laborers nexmt •>y thousands. Tbe principal works, will, It Is nop-.d, beApolloandMartyes,belongingtoMrMorrisMoore,tobetion Is to be headed by M. TorefJ, an eminent xootoglat, and other men of science are attached to It: ao, likewise, it Peterssen, tbe Dane, who accompanied McCUntockto hit tost voyage.LBT-T£rmtbe fifty seventh of the small planets between Mars aadamn1 U 0 T— - C l T J ]an*are at www.fultonhistory.com 