1bat, by tbe public bareit Is;Whig.A. H.RBBDER.•• ?^-^vS'^KobertPettU.»«»•!Britain aalMa^ tralia,New-Yor^andSanFranetseo. Mesaa.^o*; stantly take action in the matter, and give ther respec- the pecuniary assistance to be derived under the up las forces, be had reckoned upon bis 2,000 men la tbis morning. Tbe fire extendsAtothelnmberwkarf. xxT d: Co., of London, are to take diaiiga a( fltaTOL.IX—NO.2SiO. HAIE DYEjUSp WIGS.NEW-YORK.MONDAY,FEBRCARY13, 1860.sntatlos of oni relations with Mexleo and of tha •anwst In tbe new policy it has adopted with refer-PRICETWO NEWS BY TELEG&Afa FROM CENTRALmt*-RE-nnOTRB TO srXTBSN BOMB- STRRET.;.^^^ BnMM9nEK THB WORLD. IPH^AUb OTBK THB WORL.D. y^WW AM. OTBR THK V0U1.O.through the guidance of Mr. SIcLasx he has devel-A courier fiom GoL Foxn to Maj. HsismnaAS re-Feb. 8.8be left at Havana the sleameiMete* Tifv"HJjWliW^IJ.a policy which in Its brilliant results will make In the intelligence received from the United States,his administration one of the most eminent in our as alluded to In my last, and of favorable accountsliistoiy. from England, brought by the packet on the Mth, we into thtity miles above Brownsville, by Mexicans*,tT"accession of intelligence favorable to the Liberal war and comtant Intervention afterwards. Mr. eaose. In addition to the favorable aspect of alTairs^"UnitedSutes. Itisclearwehavebu:onealterna- Impoitant and iBteresting Details of tive left, either partial intervention now, at once, orthese few additional lines.Within the last two weeks we have had a continuedWin CORBIDUID MITITABVB. Nsw-OaL»Ass,Saturday,Feb.II.BattnikThe mall steamship Iforlh Star airhaA at thib.:n*>Ar mPBOTBlHBNT IN WIGS AT treaty is known. All foreigners of property, as welltnAKHELOB>& HAIR DTItAlNDWieFACTOBT, as Mexicans not in league with the Church, are BU.-M BOND-BT.morethanfirst the andnowthe recognitionT"CASAsnAiooA, N. Y., Friday, Feb. 10. It is reported at Managua, that tlie moat The Franklin House, in this village, was de- undentanding exists between Mr Obobawaiting the Issue with intense anxiety, if the treaty ,T IHTBOTEBfDNT IB 17IOS AT is ratified by the United States Senate, MmAjfos willof still re- now willing to admit—though, course, theyenoughAfire broke out in Ci.akk <k SifIHBLOB'B BALE OYX AND WI6 SAOrOBY, «. WIKI~KDl-8T.T*T BATCBELOB'S HAIB-DTB.aad ofhar MiaAMOR to-day is reduced to the same line of elites business portion of the village. Ten or twelve build- points, on the departure of the English staamsr IVsaAbatcbbj:.ob>8 hair>dtb. 1«T BATCHBLORW RAIR-DTE.cation. If the treaty is not ratiied, the civil war wUl be renewed more fiercely than ever, and God onlystroyed by fire last night.American Minister, and Mr. IVjii, theJpUVAnnTSAMCBperhaps entire Impracticability in giving the questioninv other solution than to the Intervention of acceptthe latter.deadly byall sickly place, (which the common people in theBALTmakB, Sunday, Feb. 13.PBBIO.TgATBOBND-BT.completed here, pro- ceed to England. DieoiXAno leaves the army In charge of Gen. Uiaqa, and assumes the duties of Mlnii>ter of Foreign AITairs.Indian SUles. dlTscbleplcilntr;des I have namedJury,when the Court to when adjourned Saturday,FOR I.ABIE8 AT IB VORAJUUES~ATDEOBIC.NEATWBATCHKLOB-e, NO. IB BO'CB-ST.nrVJUNTION in wigs and TOUPEES, NBATWBATCREIOR'8. NO. U BONu-ST.Greater outofthis alwaysested, growing feeling, but It wfll notWIGS. SPAREST WIGS. -TRANSPARENT -WIGS.not,itIt,rpRASSPARENT npRANGovernment has this already protested againstSat'irday,thenhecommittedsuicide. Hiswife,whoisawhite w».)man, was not very dangerously hurt.The North Amertcan Outward Bennd.PoBTLAsn, Me., Feb. II. Saturday,Tlie steamship ^orth American sailed from this port to-day, w i:h forty passengers for Liverpool, andHAIR-DTK, WIQ AND BATOrDHPBXIE.FOARC>TSORY REWOVBD TO NO. 16 BO.ND-BT. PBITATEHA1K-DYBIN9BOOMS.from Everybody is talking, of course, of the proposed.a mistake. Casavajil is a Literaltirely chieftain,and commands one part of Ukagi's who are troops,now harassing the Church forces somewhere in the neighboihood of Pueblo.Vera Cruztion for Governor of the State oftbe place cf Seiior Maio, 'who was murdered by Uabrother, had taken place, and Senor PxnsoThe Senate Committee on Foreign Relations de- BATOCrHPEBELFOARC>TOSRY. SSMOVBD TO SO. ISBOND- cided last week to report on the treaty, but this wasOn the 2Ist inst. anthe Juarei Cabinet, Air. Ocampo withiirawmg fromthe post of Minister of Foreign .\affair9, tn order to chief items ofinterest are that Mr. MATTBEW3,tbe Ecg-an import^int mission to the United States and lish Charge d^Affaires, has again presented a species accept of ultimatum, giving the Mlramon Government eight England, In conuectlun with the subjectof interven- in which to either give him the money in full tion by tbe former and the opening of relations with daysfor his demand, or his and that MiBAUon thelatter. Mr.Ocampohasbeentheleadingmember passports;BAIR-DTE. WIG ANDfeT. PRIVATEHAIR-DYEIWOBOOMS. deferredmorderto<impoitant changetookplace;reallyRI.OR'S HAIR.OTE. WIG AND Ilcan Senators, some of whose votes areBATOCPHXE FACTORY BBHOYBD TO NO. 18 BO.SD- ST. PBIVaTBHATB-DYSmGR00U8.necessaryfor its ratification.Nearly all the Democratic Senators are already infavor of it. The explanations which will be madeMy Deak Sibgive you all 1 have to say in regaru to the Gubernato-TheDisastertotheNorthStar.nn^B ONI.T REI.IABI,B AND HARMLESS by Mr. McLaici and otbers as to the actual legal IdTE KNOTN 13 AT BATCEELOB'S, NO. IS status of the Juarez Government, must, it is confi-accompanied President Jdabiz in all his vicissitudes bonds for some $450,000.since that time. No one enjoys tbe President's con- "These bonds are te be received to the amount of 20first suggestion of my name, that I do net desire it, and would decidedly prefer that it should be eonferred on some one else. In saying tbis, I have no idea of dis- parsglng the nomination, or of affecting to look downit. Conferred that which embodies all by partyVESSEL.Uinnn Statbs SnAma Saaasac, \Oft Rialuo, Nlc, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 1680. )B0ND-8T.ONLY RELIABLE AND HARMLESS TBDBTK KNOWN IS AT BACHBLOR'S, NO. ISdently asserted, have the effect of removing the ob-fidence to a greater extent or more deservedly than Mr. OcANPO, and his selection for the delicate andper cent, of all public dues, duties, contributions, &c., and by some hocus pocus, $D,0O0,()00 of them are to beBOND-BTONLY RELIABLE AND RARMLESS TBDTBE KNOWN IS AT BACHBLOB'S, NO. 16 BOND ST.of the esteem andwhich he Is held not only by the President but by thethan halfmilliongenuine Democracy,OKYLIGBTJUm. DYEING BOOMS, AT and bankers of who ?BaT0HEL0B'8. no. IS BOND-BT. England,toulties to become truly acquainted with the real nish another pretext for European intervention. equally so to many friends who are acquainted vrlth as well and prorlsioaed as state of feeling among all classes with reference to Will the United States allow Mexico to submit to them, but which it would be in bad taste and obtru- manned, equippedthe Important principles Involved In tbe treaty he has these things? Either by us direcUy, or by our Inter- sive to thrust upon the public. Influence! by these, ship that ever left the port of New-You*." fiMf BO recently concluded with Mr. McLajtk. Mr. Ocah-po is an open and frank partisan of American Inter-ventionsible volunteer aid. butby direct Govemment support,to be rendered at tbe request and in behalf of the Lib-eral ConstituUenal C^vemment, In the full convic-SKYUGHT NO. U BOND-ST. BATCBKL0B>8,irrespon-for noto perpetrate a state of civil war and fatrlcidal2QFRITATEBOOMS.PRITATE BOOaiS. PKITATB KOOMB.SO 20could effect with the Constitutionalists, finding that most entire " aeuerdo" with the United States. Asa and to maintain Its struggle against liberal institu- contingency need not at all be apprehended. 'Vbls respectfully,HAIR CAN BB DYBD BROWN AT 1 BATCBM.OB'8, NO. 1« BOND-ST.rPHB HAIR CAN BB DYED BROWN AT 1 BAJelKHiB^, NO. 1« BOND-ST.THB HAIR CAM BB DYBD BROWN AT * BATOHBLWa, NO. M BOND-BT.QOTY THE ADDBEB8, NO. 18 BOND-ST. ^OPY TBB ADDRESS, NO. 16 BOMD-ST. ^OPY THE ADDRESS, NO. IS BOND-ST.growing predomi- nance of American Influence In Mexico, his accession to this important post at so critical a juncture cannotfeelingsrpBBforced loans, banlstiments of imprisonments,]them, without and violating my consistencyllA?K^?'P?;Jg^*n» BoKJ^BT"Wm. Bmlthi James Bam- seaman EdwaitlIIATCHELOR^ HAIR DTE IS TBE ORIG-OTHERS ARK IMITATIONS. MO. 16 Bil^S^'^^PSvl S,*'K »YB IS THE ORIG-Capt. FosBss on his previous trip, that the staamsr •otild no longer remain on the route without' Govern- ment support, was true, and that the owners couldeigners of pedrufteicetslyofable. Certainly, one the first Congressefficient and freouent mall commanlcation with Mexico.the internieocreosfsityhebe avoided.the Democratic a mere Pro- seamanCharlesSturtcvant, seaman;BOND?ST bobd^btTin the present crisis should be to provideSince the examination of tbe late files of papersupontreaty now before the Senate, (if not, as I hope, al-;;; Wm. Burgen, seaman; Jaaasa JuliusBlg^^E'DxT^O^N^O. ,16^b.on"ld-gsgt;yNmy deliberate opin- ion, have first to make a disgraceful war, and then;BIAmToCveHdEtLoOnRo. is boKgat.of affairs the statements here,manency.dlnarvKNOWN ALL OTEB THE WORLD. JTNOWN all oyer THE WORLD.and private aid.The text of the President's Message, (a short synop-smile, proveIgnorancethis. Is the other American labor Thos?Gray. orai.iaryquesiion, whether aeamaa Bamt.J^NOWN;ordmary seamanortinanrseam«a_;ALL OTER TUB WORLD.nar>seaman 'John BasKt,ordlnai7 seaman;^BMOTKBTOSIXTEENBOND-BTKEET. Havanawith the United Statesdefeated, there seems to rise up another twicelandsman; Ar"'*'^J^EHOVEDFBOM NO.to the the Committeecered, It is true, but showing an unconquerable ernment.sylvania,stood the better. Wc must look this truthIndeed, I cannot understand how a man can be a free-Waggoner,landsman Aug. ;TOWe also learnedSenate oa the 5Ui, had been referred toon Foreign Affairs, and that the Committee vmtld soonreport/avorailsi. By way of Panama to Havana, we The detachment of marines from the United States Jemi Baon, managed to escape to Canada, but re- opinions, they seem to me plainly paradoiicau lu O'Brien, first-classlanOM^n. »°';^*ViiS«BsSIXTEEN BOND-STBBET.re- pugnance in the popular ndnd to clerical rule, and a determined opposition to any other tliana liberal Gov-Governor of for the body of young Coppic, lows,BBO-AUWAY TO No. 16 BOND-ST. "ijyies^ >WAT TO NO. laJones, first-class that If our msnrPeterToner'WIGS, BAIK DTB. WIGS.rBOB NO, 3» JJEOADWAT 10 ^0. M BONB-ST,friends in the Interior tnd the discomfitare of tbe re- fortection of the Consulateand it Is presumed he escaped before the United sutes Marshal could reach kis house.—JiicA-would become a curiosity. Ceaxub AuiiisnT, Esq.,Very truly, yoara,fireman; ^^%'^^i''"*,"^, ^^M^faJrV".HATE RE.monstrations, we shall, then. It Isjectionswhich are nowinterposed.placed in the French Convention''.'Thus, for lessupontbe true andtism and well-directed patriotism, which are to he7b l»e Editor of the New- York Tim—:The indications as to the ratification of the. treatydifiScult missions to which he has now beenappoint-of Mexico is to be saddled dollars.the real conserva-The officers and seamenof undersigned pettythis siu'p, having seen in the edition of the New-Yoifc"T¥^/i ^Sptps- ^fT'^-T J^-WT^f^?*^*^' TWJ«gi??SK«?-?fasf*?>-5-«ii^#_^^^^«>^-?<':T*^5**?' MEXICAN AFFAIRS.Proipeets of the Treaty at Waihlngtsn. piesent its wisest solution. The policy of litter- steamer for Havana to send you ihy letter of the 30th UHITID ETATI8 TnoOPB VIBID UPOI BT HBXIOMB NewRecent Events.Spsolal Dispatch to th* Baw-York TIibm.WiamasToir, Feb. 18«0. Wednesday, 11,The steamship Arizona has anived here with BccBASAif Is not perhaps yet awake to the fact, but abroad for the Constitutional Government, nresented Brownsrile, Texas, dates of the 5th Inst.port ypsterday, from Aqilnwall Frt. «,There are somethe Mexicans river, dangerously woundlsg one man. CoLFoananticipated by FROMInwhosehand itviously received. You can rely upon it, tills defsstofseveralsmall'bodiesofreactionary document will produce an immense moral effect to-returned tbe fire, and crossed the river InmotexxntFrom rnr fhm nnrisiiiiailanr"- '- ' '^'treaty,but notof of the troops by by Bmrnsotaa, nearFAILCKI or BTXAM COIIMCNICATIOKbut be roosttive of great advantage to American interests. thel'm"T^%. lfBO?S^ HATE—RE.& BBOWN UAfK Wk. supporting adeiiuate postal communication with Mex-afterwards place ourselves back where we now are— of SL-eech, action, opinion and suffrage establish a liberal Government similar to the withand throughMcCuriy, ordinary seaman;on the^EMOTED TO SIXTEEN BOND-BTBEET. Orleans dates to the 12th, and byon this as on the 'ormer but the question,slight developments relativetowith respect to the policy of assisting tbe Constitu-tbe steamer.ed opon Col. Foxs's forres fh)m tne Mexican side ofrests,tookit up for discussion lastIXiOS>e,BATOHEIiOR>8, BATCH-I, prospect to1M*CBBI.OR>S,BATCHEI.OR>S.BATCH> SSUMi'B, U BORO-ST., HaIK DYS, le BUM D-ST.understood the merits of thistreaty,they would In-the ratification of the treaty also gives great satisfac- tion and encouragement, not only wlUi reference tom«««attha{ MnAiian leaves It for his long-talked of rswaign against Vera Cruz, for which. In countingR>H, ^^Wl^I.OBOND-hT.,Gzoioi B. Sloat a Co.'s sewing marline factory ad- former, and Commodore VAnxaaai tlie latleri Bif tit.:.OR>e, B^AkTCBBLOR'Sf BATCH- tive Senators such atreaty, but also because the moral effect of its rejec-Otif rm, under Cosos, now so badly defeated and hisIsuggestive poketion would now be most disastrous to the Liberaltroops dispersed.HAIB D >E. U BoND-bT.in the ribs aswould at once convince them of the propriety of going cauEe. The Constituttonal Government has staked In tbe State of Guerrero, Alvaxez has some 3,000 to joining was saved uninjured, Tke loesisnotascer- asked of the Congreas that a contract be m^kt '_R OTnLT FI.ACB WHERB THE HAIR TSCAM BE DTID A NATDBAl. BLACK \M BKOWNtreaty.is understood, are ready to ratify the treatycsn, under Gov. Hcista, tbere are upwards of 5,000 under. If that hope falls them, and that means of tIEclciit and now well-armed troops, just snppliedJalisco, Ooazorseyenty-five years, with a pant of land of l$IMprgATCBM.OB'8,>0. 1« B0MP-8T.and if they HAIR shallnottroubleourselvesas oot to seeweconsolidation is taken away from the Jua'ez Gos-em-ment, there Is great danger that, even though success-ful aeainst MiaAMoit, the Liberal Party has not sufil-clent adhesion to remain united, bat will divide under Zaeatecas over 1 ,2(0 troops can be spared to unite of the Cleveland andundertake to theopen route within rix iOM.Y PA>ACE "WBBHE THE HACK > BaTCBK1«K'8, no. IS BOND-Sr^dissolution with all Its undesirable consequences to lipas and Nueva Leon, and numt>erlng upwards ofwere burned jured.W"*''"fr^feATCHlgoR-S. SO. M BOND-ar.Tbe building comer of and Lancas- mails. He bad visited tiie of Causeway Managtia up^i subjectiC!8j WIS8> WIGS.AT BATCBELOB'B NO. 1« BOND-ST.CHS, WIGS. WlSftYfji AT baigb£lor's, no. u bond-bt.#:!KBAT mPBOTEaCENT IN WIGS AT VrKTCBRLOR'S HAIB DYE AND WIG rACTOBY, B0.BB0N&8T.In guarding the independent sovereignty of Mexico Thus it is seen that we are brought back to alAost It Is aatonisblng what a cbange has taken place against Vera Cruz, a year ago. Now, however, the;but his faratta -.readyinof thestimulatepafof Iftemrwgtm. TaS^the North is faint-hearted, rCBAEWBEDYEDANATURALBLACKOHBBOWNsuspiciousandsuperstitious. Ifthemeritsofthewith those of Gabka and Ubaga, from Tamau- different leaden, thus bringing on dismemberment anS movingin for this strongThe Southern Senators, itIts cause tbe of tbe .and the upon acceptance treaty,4,100 men prepared to march on Mexico; In Michoa- .tained. The fire Is supposed to have been the workthey,great are sowith arms from the United States In ;" the direct andCLCriLAin). CLsviLAsn, Saturday,acres. Upon its being executed, theiNorthBROWN Thi.s is the condition of the affair at present. Theand Valli have from to now3,000 4,000 menacUig;It, greatly open eyes.*'— South is not enthusiasticRailroadlast night. Loss aoout $2,000. Tbetreaty are suppressd, and the negotiation is brougnt to naught by this unfortunate condition of Northern sentiment, the remark, " lev have no fortign pvUey,*^ would liftk very well, cat in marble letters, over the door of the Capitol.Br. McLasx arrived on Thursday evening, but he has been too ill to attend to any kind of business. There is a considerable accumulation of advices here from Mexico. The gist of those advices is that the reign of terror prevails In the City of Mexico and that tieIghtx)rbood, though, so far as'any new expedi- tions against the Liberals by the Mlramon faction are csnccmed, matters are at a stand until the fate of theMexico and Tlascala, under Casavajal, Ai;>suano and Basuoeabal, there are some 2,M0 mere, all ready to unite In a crand movement upon the line of citiesnatlon of the San Juan River, and Coloiado BnaA>with the view of ascertaining the practteablllty oftbe route for the transit of the English and Anstrallaamake good his escape out of the country, and follow up the several hundred thousand dollars he is known to have sent to Europe, and the Government of Jci- ixs will be in peacefulgret the faetthat In Mexico Itself tbe elements can--entire dispeision of his forces, that awaits him there.Blew-fields,It is confidently stated that tbe Nicaragaaa Coa- greiE and Government will accede to tbeof this proposition.of theRepublic within sixty days from the date of the ratifi-Your recent article, headed " The Mexican Treaty BAIR-STETNG BBTAR- in Congress," excites much attention and commentgoodBALTUCaHSBrIN>TOBRB>W8OVBD TO HO. IS B0ND-8T. TaifSjm manAscK for i,adie8.BAIB-DTBUiO E8TAB- BAuTCsBpBnIx.TOBb>e8hoybb to no. 1< BOND-BT.PBITA^ BNTHANCB FOR LADIE8.HAIR-DTBINO BSTiR- BALTICSBmEiIEN<TOBB>S8MOVE'* TO NO. 1» B0ND-8T.7BIYATE INTRaNCE FOR LADIES.in...would resist the General Government.possessioncapitalof theknows when it will or how we shall end,highestThe difficulties in the Juarez Cabinet have beenadjusted satisfactorily to all parties. Mr. Ociupo re- signed as Minister of Foreign Affairs, and was ap- pointed to come to tills country with special powers,Minister, the uponinvolved sooner or later. This is no idle Yourconespondenthasseentheadvices,whichare direct from the sources.Conti- nent, ana tbe decided leaning of England towardsBWTRAMCBFORI.ADIESAT andhaving hismission hewllbrliig, — ior mmtoscatter andtbey are the worse disappear like a horde of tm-able defence;then the case was submitted to theFrom Another OorreepesdaM. AspiiTAix, Saturday, Feb. t, IMS.lUEW INTBHTJONTN WI08 ABD TOtTPEBS, r^ATBATCHCLOB'B,WO.leB0ND-8T.TlielatestadvicesfromVeraCms,whichstate andcomingentirelyattheirownsaggestlon,andtoa severalyearslonger,unlesssetuponbyanoverpow- ductthroughoutthetrial. 28,andfromBogotatoJan.12. ThereportofaiINVETiTIONm'WIGSANDTOUPEES, thatCAKAvijALisabouttoattackTamplco,areen-or lees extent opposition will be mani-ering force such as will now menace them if Miba- OMmustersallhisforcestoconcentratethemonDelegatestatheCaBventlaiiaftheSonsof iutlonaryoutbreakatBogotawasnntme.Aneiee-here, particularly among Republicans and Northernstant state of warfare they are suffering most terri-Cauca,mangWMnlly.[raOU TBI ABSOCIATZS paiss.ittaBses^nat oLuliicliiJes,it i.|nthi*lightm^WliilT, and in another year famine wilal lilft its Inanopergaunt £nx- |; but, say benefit is to enure to theassistance of tbe United States to be rendered there-of an incendiary.SIPAIB SHOP ATr-stupidFeb. II. repair shopto theirGuadalsjara, andto move onMexicotke natumal deilWa8hi58io!i, Sunday, Feb. 12.Cmmission from the Constitu-Governments, IncludingAHavana journals the text of the Mon-.\lroonte Mon-Almonte Treaty, before referred to; also files of says that fifty wealthy free agriculturists f.-om the has abrogated the national decree closing the portaThere is reliable information from Verathat Gen. Deodllaso hasbeen appointed Secretary for Foreign AffaJrs^<o serve during the absence of Mr- OcAvro, who is expected to arrive here in the course of this week, on ational Government, and more especially to arrange such details of the McLane treaty as are left to the Executive authorities of boththe designation of the places through which mer- chandise from the TJ oiled States may either pass free, or at such rates of duty as our own Congress may im- pose. And also, to arrange tbe means by wtiich the boundary of the Rio Grande shall be better protected^ and persons guilty of crimes committed on either sidepunished.Treaty, signed at Paris in September last. A mure iniquitous and unauthorized act was never committedthe Trait iV L'nion. in the number of which of this date will be found a full resume of the present posi-specialinterior of Louisiana areto for departof Cartbagena and Sabanilla against com- foreignmerce, and these ports are now open. the fede- Still,specialGovernment,canavoidtaoorascertain the opinion of Repub.GOV. BEKDXB.Eastoh, Monday, Feb. 6*1600.washing at Eseribanos, on tlie F. W, R.are, as claimed by its Mends, more favorable than otherwise.Idgbest proofregard—MIZICAN BXNTIMENT TIBWS OF THX rOBZIOHPOPDLAHOB—THE LIBXBAL OOVXBBMXHT— MJSUPUBKHTATION AI WASHHOTON—LIB- IHAL SUCCrSSIS—ACTUAL 8TATX 0» MXXIOAll AfTAIRS.Visa Cbcs, Monday, Jan. 30, 1660. By the withdrawal of the Tamatu, we are again;commualcatloii with the United States, except such as may be afforded by chance D^B IS THB ORIG- sailing vessels. Her non-arrival at her accustomed;Wm. Stalnert, captain after guardWm. IL Browa, I4^othersareimitations, no.i6received by the Star,subjectseamanleft withoutany;that white we are unwilling to do anything towards ico, she is coming forward, in the midst of all her em-barrassments, and steps are now;present, tliat, inevitable certainty, to oligarchy and dei-seamanWm. F. Smith,ordinaryMamanjJamastaken to pro- vide ample support for a line by both Governmestwgnmr cite a and their entire ol what afforded us of giving a powerful moral supperl to the Intimately, perhaps inseparably coimected with dinrr;^ama.n: seaman Jas.or^arypOjialwSfatrjrsis of which we had by the Tmneaaee on thebe received by others as worthy of confidence, it Istreaty. cultieswilldelay. The; John F. Grady,and news withhere with the most intense anxiety, when, by the ar-well to let tbe fact be known that the Church Partyonly accumulate bymagni-foreign competlUon. Pennsylvania demands tbis < andldateseaman H Howard,W. Wm. Bhaw. osdlisanrrival of thesteamer Utxico on the 23d, from Havanapensety, which for them would be just as great a g^n, as itChas. O'Donnel, ardlnaryweWashington to the llth January, andthe frem Liberal Party. The result, however, would only beJohn Party of Pennsylvania are; and I believe that the DfW Inter, ordinary seaaum; Alfred Dunningjjwdi-17lh,JosephRepub- nary seaman ar.d writMcNamaia,otdiaary;of thefullPresident's .Mess.nge referring to Mexican affairsarrived at Des Iowa, with Virginia Moines,papers,text of thatthat the treaty had been sentcer fromWithout it,also had the Intelligence that CoUma hadthe Liberal forces. were at once dispatched byt4th InstVirginiaofficer'sSlaveryoccupied by,the expectations of all.M* (Itar and correct pre-;looked npoB as » proof (hat our CovemmeatePa.beingextravagantly aad Incorrectly made by the Washing- possiblyton correspondents of many papers, would only ex- country, by simply embracing the optwrtunity sow liberty, national wealth and power. Wv^ McKennsescape beingStates Intervention on this againstEuropeantjpe to come, unless he hazards all upon his wild andsubject"MosqaUetwriting.dtspetate attempt upon—CDANaBS OPmate I;Jos. Lockana, James Rice, capadn forecastle ;of part thea part of their platform.and the sooner this is distinctly unJer-landsman Frederick Allen, l«oJ"""; ;again been All these itemsextraordinarysloop-of-war Saratoga,development tion is a necessty,fife°>^ii?°„ Srem^JoSi C»- was com- ningham, s«j.nd-c^^'fiEroeurmkaen.^Jsoescojn,d^-Jl.MovementofNexrocat«Hartl.Chabustoi, Feb, 10. Friday,IntbeStateof BoUrar,Got. Ntata,imderHsan. thority as 'National Intendente, which place he as- sumed in virtue of bls^Ece as Governor of the Stats,^^m^www.fultonhistory.com^4^ttmiamkcondllios of affairs In this most unfortunate country,esce to Mexico.Visa Cioj, Saturday, Feb. 4, 18«0.and the firm and decided which t)olicyI',aonounces,ARBIVAI, OF THRshow a csreful of tbe Mciican quesUoB, and study "I avail myself of the departure of the EnglishImpartBBt fram ibe Rla Gntadie.NORTH SCM^i Mcaragna-Tfce'r^Matioa" is at last snsouDced, and from this time for- and also wiid there can be no withdrawal on the part of the nit,—TransU Route Uqaita Q»eaUa»_ai,TesBeata (m/**»»«» *^that tbe American steamerThe conclusive and decided tone of the message ksve sews of tbe entire defieat and utter rout of the bearing the Mexican flag. Several shots passed been the AUanfte.cpedXamckero was firedtional Government, and In the strong groOnd it takesniiEclent to enable any against Mxeakom and the Church faction, are even umbering over 2,000 strong of the-I attntr'-*' -tlie Hezlcajione to judge of what Its fate may be. The Committee beyond the expectstlons excited by the synopsis pre- Oohma by the Liberal forces under OoaboitNICARAGUA.Tuesday. Messrs. Ssitabs, SmanM a^d CamxHSSH, wards the pacification of this country. Its influence Casatajai, near TUscala;while, havegained theday,Feb. U. Tbe planing null of Bhodib, Bci t 0«, on Sbackamaxon-street wharf, was bomt at 3 o'cioakproducingcomplicationssep-the Liberals will, mean- and order will have beenMexico that we can avoid the comtant occuirence ofSlavery agitations attending each new acquls'tlonfrom ber territoiy, and, perhaps, in the end, as theSouth becomes more for loidable, the dissolution of held by the Mlramon paity, and to finally concentrate our own Kepoblic. upon the City ol Mexico.A BAKBSY AT BOSTOK.BosToii, Saturday, Feb. 11.ropriety and necessity of the intervention of tbe Unl-ted States. With the exception of a portion of tbereactionary party, there is not now a dissenting promise of the lull and open support of the UnitedvoiceEven the leading Mexican statesmen on koLh side* arenot be bold tbe attack on Vera Cruz, and that lieNicaraguan Government. He had been purveying the harbor of San Joan del aad: all tee in this the only salvation of Mexico.to make.^ay thus avoid tbe certain defeat, and probably the ^samMBafaad Norte, wassatisfactory to Mr. McLauk, and produc-captain forecastleJno. Lawrence, boatswain'ster gunner; Jer. Sheehan, quarter gunner; Gaoigaat a time when such important Interests are pending, to enforce its decision, and this is done speedily, in my mind the indelible conviction that if we would pre- cooper OTHBBB ABE IMITATIONS. NO. IS time, the 16th, proved to us that the assertion of seems to every intelligent person here, both for- opinion, the war cfin at once be brought to a close, serve our institutions In their purity, and roll back the Fisher,;Thomas Dolan, ship's corporal ;ac- eODunodate the public alone, even if regular msll communication between the United States and Mex- ico is at this moment of more than usual general in-terest.To the shame of our Government it can be said,consider-notaffordto lose some96,000 pertrip toit is aof universal com-;They have entirely reversed the truth, and so per- sistent and void of all semblance to the actual mcts are their assertions in this particular, that it leads to a strong suspicion that tbe money of Mr. Gabsiac's partner, the French banker, Jbckxb, is freely;prettycirculating among them. To any one at all acquainted and interveneMcNamaia, ordinary °J'with the true conditionof MiaAnozt's great successes and relative strength, sohave saidarmed intervention in the interior of theself-government, and to Increase and extend theJ^r Nelson, ordinarymi^? ««;^; K^they were wrilhig about but as these statements may \Edward Johnson, ord^rywere placed in possession of New- withdraws moral support and encouragement fromseamanWm SaUlTlB, landsman J, F. Frat^telegraph through theto prolong the struggle Indefinitely, or bring on awarThe VibqihiaBibellioh—Ak-great dominant controlling massof thetn to secure the defeat of the trea- WashingtonI that the Republican Party are not as unanimousarmy as nu-—merous In Its place lU-disclpllned and badly effi-Deans of the;for,lardfman;McKeon,John Quoin, landsman; John Thomas, Jos.I learn from our excellent ConsulKnxwoos,onexaminingwhileUnion ended at Mason and Dixon's line, .orthe city of Mexico, ibr the encouragement of oui The with Mr. MoLahi on board, left here United States Marshal, but, in tbe meantime, a friendentirely of Fr«e States, there would be but one seoond-class second-classBOND-BT.JK.. BATOHBLOK i BBOWN HAVE REMOVED action. The President's Message more than neets there. 'The object at each place is really the pro- danger.ManchifrooWyn, Tamplcofiiemannig^»;|^^^^^.for Liberal every:^eat money and moral power of the Church, viz., Ouadalajara, Guanajuato, Queretaro, Mexico, and and some tonns like Aguas Calientes, Celaya, The Cbuicb Party and the Spaniards prefer to look ?i)oelbulca, Orizaba and Jalapa in their immediate vi-to Europe, and would seek to bring aboot an Europ- (blty.. These it is he continue to ean protectorate, yet they cannot shut their eyes to places probable may yettbe fact that with the avowed policy of the Unllad 'ftihl, or at least the greater portion of them, for somethat they must look abroad for aidand by whom to be rendered, are the only questions yet undecided.some insurance, amounts to $45,000. HOTSL AT CANANDAIOITA.;on what scale,but tbe struggle for them must ever have the same result. Toe great mass of tbe people In tne(comparatively rural districts throughout all the other States are de- speaking) now do. the great political truth that Mexi- tevmincd to be free. Tbeir respect and fear for therepresent tbe real unbiassed sentiment of the coun-:3falta.Eastos, Sunday, Feb. 12.Caadinamarea, intry. therefore, as all Admitting,co cannot regenerate herself, and that Interventloa from some quarter—which can only be tbe Unitedhadthey have a taste of self-gov-place, H. Dmiacx, W. Scon JoBii- and Lieut. Gxo. L. to theLufear still existed that Gen.Mlramon forces under Cofos in the State of Oajaea,throughSubsequentlyfirCspt SnmiHAii's dragoons had been reinforced, and the in the City of Mexico in disheartening the supporters MaraTStlo, and by Annul iito, near the City of Mex- and now number two hundred men.IbRMoVBD to tOXTKRM BVMD-STREB?.OTBB TO BIXTRRM BOND.8TREBT. Chairman not wisUng to report it back to the Senate confidence and renewed life to the Lioeral cause, tionary troops, and its reoccupation by the LiberalbM«it Is declined to said,express any opinion, of MiaAnox, and throughout the Interior, in giving leoj of tbe abandonment of Ban Luis by tbe reac-'''" 'under such circumstances. It was agreed that the will be almost Incalculable. If effectually anaforces under Gaisa, and of tbe retaking of Zaeatecas by the Liberal forces under OtnoA. At the same tin* we have later secomts from ail parts of the in- terior, showing that tbe whole country is preparingThe peeple of Matamoroe sympa&hizc with Coin, 8 A. M., to-day, from San Jnan del Nocta. The milrt iiAg._'war was considered Inevitable.matter should be again taken up on Tuesday next,speedilv followed up by all the preliminary steps, the actual fact of armed inteivention in the Interior of Uieis of special interest.Col. Cautt had made a profnattfani to tke Cii^ww' of Nlcaragna for a iransitKiharter, kail^ la'^MF'country can yet be avoided ;PLAHI5G MIIX AHO LUMBBB AT FHILADILPHIA.when a full expression of opinion will be given. IfMB0IID4T.,BAMDYE,1«BONB-aT. theCuambersofCommerceofNew-YorkandBoston restored. Iriefavorable withreference for•ifnagmovementopontheCityofMexicotheStates. Now fear hethey only may—not be found or now hoped for, for' her re^stablish-mentand permanent tranquillity. All now concede ffa at he held a year ago, and where is situated tbe ings were destroyed. The loss, on which there isTsTalatWUMainHazIeK. theplanofleavingthequestiontobesettledentirely lleacbery,ofwhichtherelanownochance,canever nxISPOUNDonLTTormcbsibinthefibsp ofitVeraby Ihe United States, tnere is great dUBcolty and gain him possession of this place, and three weeksCruz;tbe sand hills aboot this Isin expedition against Vera Cruzand yet cveryaodya full freight.^^^Gzhthib and hisparty who came out from New-there, Mr. Gov.thepresence has produced an excellent moral effect. his warrant Tbe officer then sought the aid of thestill doubts w-betber it willbe made. TheYoik to wash for in the of Politics. gold province CiiiriQni,;retaking ;Therial classes In this country Is fully convinced of this fact, and that their pecuniary Interests cannot but tieyet, as is natural, then Is a stzonf feeling of national and personal pride which proaotsularly if not entirely in accord with their own Ideas nnder clerical lnflueu!*ttrcontlnue the struggle for the same indiffeience that has characterized his con- morning,judgmentof the entire business andproprieto-—and the more numerouspromoted thereby;rendered a verdict of murder in the first de-them to reject any Interference from abroad, partic- ately adji cent townvarericji^enougb and sufficiently giee. 'Tbe prisoner received tbe announcement with this weaiiove,with their immedi- tbeJurythe arrival of theClergy have gonedown to one slmpiv of time and means, and tbe diifiBr' mUilary dictatorship again. Meanwhile, by this con- Grand National Encampment of tlie order, to be held State ofStates— must take place, the 'question Is na ences of npinion hereafter will thus be of clrcum'tbe Liberal Government, will from this time forward become more and more appaient.by and see this sad waste of property and of life ? I send you by this conveyance a copy of the pro- test of tbe Constitutional Government aga'nst theBy the steamer Me*ieo. we have also from theNew-Orleans to the Courier dispatchlliegai maybeforour interest to cultivate a war between Spain and Mexico,dent of Mexicanas well as an accomplished;and unautbniized act, and unless itpolitics,rowadFsno, Delegates at Washington City, on the 15th Inst.this so-called treaty will prove to be only so much In dcftUiig with the current news from Mexico. The waste paper. news found in the columns of the TVair dTnion youWere can always rdyIt not that Spain has already enoii^'h on her uponmost reliable.asbeingboth the latest and theMagdabands in her war with Morocco, it might, however, bewell to keep the thing alive, as a convenient means of Byfuture aration of Cuba.;ernment, and they will never submit to a clerico-have appointed Hon. eo5, Esq.,W.was the succcESful candidate. AMosntnaA, Govenoi of Otaidlytion of affairs here, and fucorrespondence up to theHayti.preparing ^^^^^wiiter,and hispaperwillsupplya want felt greatly1January fiom the City of Mexico. Tbe Traitfor but nothing:part MahoningCompanyourselves.ItIsonlybypreservingthesovereigntyof 3,000fiontlersmenandotners,andintheStatesnf locomotivesundergoingrepairewereremovedunin- Capt.Ptk,ofH.M.S.Gorgon,hasmadeanazaal-ter streets, occupied by Sahu Hovabp & So5b, ba£ers, the reopening of the transit routewe are, perhaps, only taking the wisest means of precisely ihe same relative military positions as those and other parties, was destroyed by fire aboot mid- project is a new one. StaWng from " MM- preserving our own Union intact. occupied at tbe time of Muahoit's previous campaign night. Loss about $5,000—fuUy insured. The fourth key Point," he proposes to eonstmet a BiiliaMtwithin the last four years, and pfinicularly since the recognitionoftheLiberalGovernmentDyMr.McLasb, intheviewsofal1 foreignersresidentinMexico,not excepting even the Spaniards themselves, and of leading Mexican politicians, with reference to tbenumerical force-ot the Liberals Is larger than tiefore,shore of I^tto thence, by steamer, across the Laka (•while that of Miramou is and he has smaller,tostrug-manufacturers. hsd on handa They;against an adverse tide, leaving him worse than61eefore, after a year of desperate struggling, while the^Liberals are and tbeirown reencouraged inspirited byall, bylarge stock, partly manufactured. Including a large quantity ofSur. £apt Pmjpmexpectedandsurprisingrecuperativestrength,and;upon asconsideredInterior,) will be sufficient for the poorly equipped, forsiege purposes, and scantily supplied triwps It may Friday evening, his counsel, Mr. Gaun, made anby any one calling himself tbe representative of aGovernment possessing thcleist fraction of nationaldignity or sense of public right. Gen. Aluostx hasin this act committed himself In tbe most useless is by far the best informed as well as the most Impar-and fatal manner to a hopeless cause. The Liberal tial. M. Rsitz Mabb07(, Its able editor, though a w&rm AsnREW Cauil, a mulatto, attempted to cut Obpiba will make war on Gov. Nmo and his State of3Ut.Attempted IHardcr aod SnlcMe.ral Government does not admit thelegalityof Nieto%d' Union is the ablest in Mexico, and paper publishedifhoped by others that the good eoim- sels of Gen. Hzbbah, when he arrives at Bogota, win preventsuchaconsummation. Atanyrate,thepeo- of Cartbagena are preparing for resistance, andglaeve sent agents to the States of Cauca and lena to seek tbeir aid.The North Star has only 130 passengere, part af whom are for New -Orleans, the Daniel IV'sft^iirr hav- ing left port yesterday mmiiing without the latter.of the Cabinet since the formation of the Juarez Gov- has concluded another negotiation with Jsckee andernment at Guanajuato, In January, 1858, and has other houses, by which he gives them (19,090,000 of lial nomination. I say now, and have said from the rtHTBIB ETIDXNCE as to THX COXDRIOH OP TS>ed Is theother members of the Cabinet.inawith an addition of |15,0O0,00O to her public debt,in addition to sometiated with JxcKXB on like usurious terms,) and by an unheard-of corruption heretofore unknown to the di- plomatic world, $9,000,000 of this debt is to be placedfound in tbe of the political organizations(this,$80,000,000 previously nego-present day. It is an honor of which any man may be proud. Silli I do not desire It, and would very much prefer not to have it. For this I have three or four privateEvening Post of Dec. 22 an article headed Watktss and the North Star," signed by D. B. Auas, Agent of Mr. CaiuiBUi;s VAmiBsiLT, in which articleA letter dated London, from a distinguishedsays the features ofthe treaty, as published, have pro-duced a good feeUng among the leading merchants Government, and no gentleman has had better oppor- in the light of a foreign claim—is to fur- reasons, which are qoite convincing to myself, and is reiterated the assertion that " the NorA Star waait asHAXR DYEING ROOMS, AT an improvement of business in Mexico by the re-anyJB2F'0!l?BTt9EATCBB.0K'S, Na 1( BOND-ST.Mexico have at some time to be I have from the the and re- it their duty as seam'«t to state, that tte beginning expressed wish,HAIR DYEING ROOMS, ATnot, it is true, by means of private,vention, the debts ofpaid. Can we then tamely submit to see such ini-peat it now, that no man will urge my nomination from the motive of mere personal friendship to me.letter of Lieut Watxiss, published In the Ni«-T«as Tims of Dec. 21, is substantially correct, and ftat A*with full instructions, and the Executive authorities at Vera Cruz are still confident that tbe Liberal Gov- enmicnt will soon be recognized by England.;quitous proceedingsas these,and,object exceptthe Church Party now oppose liim. FROM VERA CRUZ.statesman of enlarged views and entirely free frooi-tions and the progress of tbe age, and is aside from thevast claims on account of every day accumulatingfact assures me of a result most consonant to my own;Thomas J. Clark, yeoman Jas. Armstrong, maa-ler-at-arias; Sherman Church, chief boatswain'*regardpromisingsource,Duringpasttbe common prejudices the againstand wishes, and saves me from a sacrifice oftwo be has at different times yearstheheld the portfolios of nearly every department in tkestoration of peace.Mr. Wtii, the new British Minister, goes therean His successor in the Department of Foreign Affairs, or rejected. Is a matter of no trilUng import would respond to it whenever such a state of circum-expedition against ttiat city, but there was also, Gen. BxcoLLAno, Is of the same school of politics, and to those who stand in that relation to her future stances should occur. On the present occasion, how- tunate that such an officer as LleuL TVaxkks was oa on the contrary, another story, ttiat he was on his way Is one of the purest and most unambitious of the lead- as do tbe United States. And this too, it must be ever, with a number of eminent gentlemen and desi- board the North Star, as to his exertions in bAalf of to Jalapa to ascertain what kind of a compromise he ing Lltieral leaders. His policy will be one of the liorne in mind. Is tbe debt created by one party alone, rable candidates ready to take the nomination, such a the vessel may lie attributed her safety. We are, vwyI nevertheless recognize fully the obligation rest- strife, augment their assount at such irate and by ing upon every man to sacrifice personal considera- such means? tions to any reasonable extent, when called upon by"well fotmd aad iso- Tisloned," was—as we know to oor cost-^asat miaer- WhentheUnitedStatessteamerBnoklynleftVera tionthatnoothermeansremainsfortkeregeneration Over$100,000,000addedtothepublicdebtof idspartytobecomeacandidate,fortheirsake,and ablythereverse.And,furthermore,tltatweeonaidar Cruz a report prevailed that Mulamon was fitting out of Mexico and the permanent establishment of order. Mexico, whether to be accepted as hona Jide, not his own ; and recognizing this obligation, I that Mr. VAtinsEBtLi may regard If as peculiaiiy fiw-foreign- ers and the like. It Is also In addition to the enormous tax placed upon the present and future resources ofdispleas- ing some of my friends by an abrupt or imqualifiedwithdrawal of my name.Do not infer from this that I am indifferent to theJohn Leroy, boatswain's mate;andOn tbe 26th. by tbe arrival of the schooner Star again successively raised, anti now numbering some great struggle which is coming, and will soon up-to sustain Die Libera! forcesfrom New-Orlean^ we received the correspondence 15,000 to 20,000 men. Jjurely to tbe reflei;ling miud heave the p-jUlical c-Jminunlt)'. I onlv a-^ic tu fight ajimate Jos. ;countryagtinSmith, quar-Chas. Lewis,When some chance vessel may bring us our next vention should not be longdelayed. No termination and efTcrts, and feel the deepest and liveliest Lnccrest Wm. T. RoUinson, quartermaster ; David Y. Bofata-due on the 16th, and newspaper dates to 19th January. these are reasons of no light weight wfiy our inter- a private in the raiiiis. iam alive to all lie Influencesquartermaster ; Eon, sallmaker's mate Edwin Hughes, captatai ofmail no one can tell, as It Is now understood that the Tennessee is permanently withdrawn. Our only opcan be placed to this struggle except by the active in- tervention of tbe United States Government, and whether that intervention will be to bein its result.You are a delegate to the Nominating Conventian,;Michael Lynch, coxswain of launch; ftm.U^ ~to send to the United States will thereforebe by the English packet via Havana, on the 4th ofeach month. This entire want of steam commuid- the Interior of thecatlon between the United States and Mexico is a promptness with which we accept this fact and act.disgrace to' the age, and how Congress In the pres- If ail parties there are notified by the United Statesent critical aspectof our affairs In this direction can Government—" Nov.; GenlUmtn, this strife must w heiher free white labor shall be cherished and pro-overlook a fir«t necessity of so great Importance as eease "—not as a simple remonstrance, but as the de- tected against ruinous foreigrt competition. Much Jhoasmpeitsal steward; Walterfo"rKeelly, capJotfaaian WBB.iBtni:required carried to the extent of marching an armed force into;,portunltythe prompt and reguUr transmission of intelligence liberate declaration of a powerful nation, determined reading, thought and observation have fixed on myThos. Grail, eajMn «f {;country, only depends upontheon which our future questions hangs.coxswain John 8. ;and Americans, to be unaccount- and tne of marching an armed force into tide of corruption and subserviency which has made manWm. C. Beandreau, seamancountryTo do this we ac simplymis-called organizationSlavery, Southern-sectional spoils party,plant ourselves on the pure original doctrines of the'ratified,) ,ind which has been under negotiatedfathers of the fidelity and determination.and stand;readya combination of favorable circumstances—ing the Mexican's stubborn pride—not likely to soon,earlyUepublic,bySamuel Morris,seamanjDiscriminating and reflecting men- matt see that towriters are at fault in their statements with refer- If ever, occur again. If this Treaty is not ratified, foster and extend human Slavery, and to surrender Page,Meles, ;;ment here howence to the relative strength of the two parties here. and the intervention for which it provides Immedi the departneiitsol Government with all their patron- seamancompletelythe letter WashingtonMichaeJlpta MeCaM,ately acted upon, at least so far as the necessary de-age and influence, to the control of its advocates, isto travel the road which leads to the estab- straightseamanliams, ordhpary seamanseaman;tomakeItAll this can be avoided, and, as IandsecureItswhllBt to build up, enlighten and digaifyi^^'^''.l,2'^o,r.d^iTn?aTr[y?'sea- seaman; Peter Jennings,respectedper- putlsmlabor, is to deepen and strengthen the foundations ofLiberal Government, under the provisions of the pres-No other course remains open, and diffi-;ent;protected through our revenue laws against^ J tiodeen oroinary seamanjvvm. nsaUKBmi ORtt-4th insL,)regard to the treaty, had been awaited and its money backers are sparing no efforts or ex- tude of the Interests Involved in the McLane-Juirez protection, and ought to have it. OurTreaty, and the wisdom of the policy it iiiaugurates,wU' be wiien time has set its only fully appreciatedshould be as sound on this point as on the other. know;Jolu Ban- ordinary seaman sea-seal upon our history for the next ten years.V.net People's airan;ArrajpriDUBT 07 Coppic—His Ebcapi.—A few days ago an oflS-a Governor of on the requisition from the VirginiaPenn-brother of the one who was executedin the face. to advenseatfor participation in the Harper's Ferry disturbance.Yotmg Coppic, after thearrest of his brotherandtrade Republican. Meaning no disrespectfireman.Nksb, firemanai.d free tratle ara to Allxk, have been most cordially received, u»d tbair papers, stated that they were Informal, and refused the most natural allies. .«o true is this,and out the carrywe them withseaman Charles ;posedon the 23d to leave a like deUahment of Corpio started on horseback to inform him of his opinion upon the subject, and free trade doctrine* classfl-^eBroawn^rt Higgins,Untitled Documntla awiMiChunk,liCharlestowa,man JtSf ;Quiim,landsmanT- ;Hs^. "^TSSiIwfore,seaman :C. Brown,portsofNew-York,to sail samethe*porratt the enemy. ^roB aThe blacksmith and shoptonxBBiLT is said to be the principal mover in ttiafMb posed arrangement.FmussifBiA,Baturday,theopeningofalinebstweanGreatstory was occupied by Poos & Waisb, sofa and chairto San on the north Magnillto,NicaraguaVirgin Bay, and take the old route to Ban loan dsi -ilB'e drug store, on Main-street, last night, and laid in ruins half the"to leave for Monkey Point,"PennsylvaniaIBE (.CBEENATOBIAL QUESTiaX—LETTEB T&OUhave commencedcoast. Theywritethattheyfind25centsMrday.;Toursisreceived. Icheerfullyand I would on tbe ofImpress you necessity selectingholdCartyJoseph Reed,a standard bearer who Is sound upon the two greatcaptain of barge»-«'*? • — -t-:--•»^..-J-*-Jt* >.*^< Idxmbt that the tehoU matter hot hetn iiifiiTsi Isi ad- illjusted between them,—sofar as the United StaUt, Ortat The tria! of Hazlett has been concluded- Britain and Nicaragua are concerned.The Wyoming Lodge I. O. 8. M., of thisGmmaanFeb. 11.friend of the Liberal cause, is an ol-i and close stu- his wife's throat in a house of ill-fame, to-day, and Bolivar but it istbe £j:/raordi?iary, down this favorable to the 31exico. 1 have letters up to ttie Isl instant.morningAllintown, Pa.,The first Iswhether Slavery shall be recognized, extended and third cutter John Brown, coxswain fonrtt cntlar ;perpetuated as a social blessingand the second is;lii-hment of mob law, and the destruction of freedom;mustllton,Bates, seamanBany, seamanBahardt, seamanGeo. H. seaman Johnen Johnson, ordinarybicssingsof Intelligence, good order, well-regulated seaman W. Ferris, ordmar^- seaman C. Smith, ot-;Blake,shall be seamannatioa are with themmake itit is Idle and absurd to expect to carry;Phillip Meyers,Wi.sent to Mlnstitian on the cently returned to Us home at Spring Grove, Iowa. the of free inleiliRent labor, this prote,.- fireman; Jos. Rlgney, fi"«'»i4?'fiSclaBtoS•*• .i-m*-^ , -hi}•7 »«> I »-'.— .Ik f-f' «*»forTbe North Star brings the Callfomia mails, bntkaaIt,The English mail steamer TVeat arrivedbut thethough censlderably damaged. They thatheIswell to t»-of thisHALF TH« TOWH OP CANTON, F. T. Cahioh, N. Y.. Saturday, Fe\ II.mahogany, rosewood, &c., was saved,were insured for $1,300,larger partof thetion;** thattheyhavenearly<int«v^the1ByAmerican brig Kiag have dates firom Carthagoia to Jand ;,at the time of writing this, tkert eaa Ic noand willnize bis action. It is thonght by some that Presidu^North Star, 80 far from beingRoberts, quartermaster;;; ;Clark,Wm. Bills, seamanCollins,Jaka Mmward-roomsteward 'ThomasO.KartlB,sea- ;Fisher, captain top ;Meyers, seaman JohnMonaJian,seamanjJ»» ; Bvtta,John PhilUps, seaman Eddy Harris, ordinary;;ordinary 't'man ;T.T. seaman; George Richards, James nines, oroinarr;;" sec"nd^_lsss iday.nxw rzamttAsOTwiu, Friday, T*B.^li*f*^*feels quite sanguine of siii iiass ailtlthe Government of Nicaraguaprepared commence miiii iillanandit is dndaMoad mediately upon the signature of tiie contract I7 fliadeal at the recent illegal lawa ofThoa. Wil- Charles Emerson, onUaa^first-class^;^[f^'JS^ J-o. .MaynM,«m«»»j^ pdward Finley, coal-heaverjiLioBt.-r.^ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 