mmm wmmmmmm^p^«^ m •Mta fertto <^rtbadnl.tfaaie w«e Tioios Ekahcii, OuattlMt OB Ua left band, nd the Pro-Dlctmtort ofnooacedfromtheBankof In the EnKlind,Ur.Bechwttfc.canrlage. Theealtefollowed,uidallalongtberail-this mail our news is not ofBy so satisfactoryon Thoiaday last, to S per cent." The minimum rate of discount for bills notThe entire day haa been consumed by tbe CourtS quite saie that was the tin^or the Cathedral, tbe plana of which was beauiif"llr°«=-11,saw toat ewulagsaw one—not mon, that Ilaiueooldmakethem. OnanivlngattheDuoroo£*»,. OOOingold on account of the Bankot France, and;don't kno« who took thereme«>corated, Hb aiajtaqr waa received byengagedwhteta, it is understood, will be fortwltta followed br a pressed npoa her mind. Hiss BiracH, however,tie lcoiMhKt<^lotheHighaiuraroiu^*uchnot sure do not remeoliar ;nd aa could only of i•hO—QI1S a applauseclilekaosit was a^^^i, |^.^.r^^P%'„^ tile (t_o.nJnliwhich »as raging ouwWe- TM!isentlbtllUes of tbe who great warrtur,Theof France oontlnues, and private letters state that 11of allthink{thoughtbeaa-quarters, evcrytbi^I>o</yNevussays that the drain upoa the Banktoe steadfastgazesopi«r^ ' :" EMAireii.!" Viva GiaiBiiDiwiongrd byan order Issued fromappeared tohe going on quite satisfac-saw bIm In tbe libraiy ;8uph were the crtes which /o»e,'TM^u°'^w'»„Teeda* Mmsl.al DRLLA KoccA. This mlsunderstanJlng induc-delay,Imperiallast week, tie Directors of that estabUahment accordingly oler aBurou, was down stainfroSTatmlttd bod, of many *ou»and8, ed ihe '^"ofeiilons of Mrs. ButOH to her were listened to wito further communica- price for gold which attracta It from here, and the breatoless toterest.:" an honor for M. S>S;!IISl,. TjiS-e was Kime atteaipt to Oiaaoe thepordoo having reached a place calledhis In wtdch on tlie 10th. Lord Eloik also left Tien tsln on the friend, 6lh. for At Tlen-tsln a of Coo-pereevere In protective mea.«ures.B^S^^ nit loDg^bi"^"'«'wrote a most kindb( explained the mi^ualerataading and begged him toYaug-tsun-yeh Peklrg. large numberwell bare told the wives of^^r w tL'^°3f?{,*and the shouts ro>e louder andthat a rise of 5 1«be decided upon as early as next Thurwlay.ISSKEJftn. TC^^J^taslies and carts had been to engagedArmano^ieetedwitness liearO Hlsr Spaaidlng say on that subjectK^Mtfket handkerchiefand then looked round with of bis ai my would bare lefi, ami ondet the present are afloat some it isSlsjes^ knelt at (he prit-Diev, whilst Oaribaldi, tbe Fro-Dtctatois, Fauni, and others stood behind htm.The New KSngdeaa of Italy.under circumstances could not be arranged4aVMB.ailhecQiaiiOD]rwasm»de reeoUe^ waythe aiale, and I had an a'imlrable view of the Kingat homeaad ths Liberator face to face, and as a gleam of sun;and said,tboae out on the monarch every line was visible.such actsBusinessat each of these establishments, when toe announce-quire about ber" " Baoanttr" came hrtt. andUlvmiiy" after, TnequotingTiXK-TSiN, Monday, Sept. 10.;made toat she went w toe Sabbato School; olbut 1 looked on Gabibaldi, all tbe moral grandeur of his character—not a (talesman, because he is something much higher—he 4Mries In hi; face bis character, an amiability which wiyi all hearts and an energy which overoemes all difficulties. The crowd around each wasfacts far Intention to come here. He arrived on the 31st, in the this afternoon,At this point a slight stir was o(x:asloned by Ml, Beckwlth requesting txat the witoei,s. Rev. Mr. Pa^ terson, should leave tbe room. Ur. Van Anoan la. sisled toat to toat case all toe witnesses sbouU batala It with bis sword and bMCourt would believe woman would confess any;I'bis is -and so the royal party walked down tbe church, and entered their carriagebullion move-di-nurbing me when she read changed ber die>a, redressed ber hairdo not mnata-idol In a temple of i4ols :Eznall villege about three kilometres to tbe leftofInsL, but suddenly, on the 7th, It was annotmced thatbut toe reduction Mrs. Burchshe told Miss Spaald-;on before; tbe last one was aAs the cathedral cltrgy refused to officiate on ttds occasion, tlie clergy of the palace offered their ser- vices.good stale, and well armed. The Neapolitans;THE KXW kino's PBOCLAHATION.doa't know whollbraiy door, or bow long after we went toto the parterwthe picture of this little less than miraculous crisis ofdepend composed of recruits and detachment** of barious corps. Major;—I don't know who has been talking to him ;"IfaplMtogsther,for [^THKBURCBDtTORCBOA8B.MmtoldnycauinthatStoartkaawAswaa!mmtt WMid tere beta > trtoroaa tMng] If, u lud rtTrhrl rn'' tHr In intlwi. bultlLiili !Tvita. nC8Hfamily ; sbe -- - way weteo^adS^JS^SPJSI.iMMCnnd,tb*aporttoofItaUaaliberty,themiaof UaTSriSSSStofW"«Cav„«a»«2«fc&»« IMPOHTAWTFROM OMatoy, ted aot been oaltadwUb tbe (oreretgn onmet «8 at the car.rSnS^.'PSJf*^ "^•,*^ Barnh'aTead- baU:1<ttok8bel{rSVpS?M^iI!?iiSS^.'l.'!rlUagrwtwenliaa. Wbentherleft tlia imltwar.KeUf aad Kaplae sUtlnt oppoeita tbera la the ume leads even though wa may ataar* some of hla ownia>^lned notification, that the mlnlmoin rata of dlscoont had been raised from 4X per cent, at which It waa fixedhadtoWMrs.BurrlU.Mrs.BurtH"'«'''",'''«^ a stormtoewhich she was toe object ofla toe room. The details of her alleged confidentialJ,^-\j^lowing;TcBi!C, Thursday, Nov. 8.A telegram published to-day announces that King tatmit outside of Gaeta,—one at Fondi, and the otherpressing for accommodation tmder the apprehensionbair ;" my tmcle toen went backshe told me that; 1toiukboth waia young geatleoeaVicToa MHAimL made his solemn entrance into at ItrLthese movements, it was since tbe crcatioo of tbedefencsof Tien-tsln, whichthink they remained 00notrememberwhetherthey4>eih left at toe same time, or whenI.fiiBt diieofeted tfea deof the most UveW popular enthusiasm. The new King Iictter from Capt. Haavy • :;pukli&hedtbefoUowiogproclamationVeaselaBero aad Ariadne*In Search of theherhermotherwouldtreat herkmdlyme to ask her husband to forgive her and toke nertlu andSicilianPeople " n lf€^>»UtiMlay—Diapateheddo not recollect conversation between Mr. Boyd aad Ui& Mr. Burch came home at dinner—she was in Burch toat evening; do not racoUeet aeelat:The results of the vote by universal suffrage give methecountryofsupplies,*andrenderingusde- pendenton our own commissariat and land transporLshe begged she told me toat Uncle said she must not;tbe sovereign power over these noble provinces. Iaccept this new award of the national will, movednot by any monarrhle ambition, but by conscientious to the Sound this;Ura.as ui Italian. Tba duties of ail Italians areValenttoe came there to toe afternoon;ill stand prominent throughout all ages to come inthe Italian regeneration. Men feel as if a day would Vice-Adiniral BiircB, <;ommantier-in-Chief at Ports-teudo not anycome in which their children's children might askmouth, by which he was ordered to inform the Lordshispanhe hadsi.\'wounded.chief to pieces;she askedwould go downI thlnttoe next time I saw Mr. ;under LAMoaiciSB£ for their vanguard, and wijh farther open or underhand help from Austria,Napueb, Sunday, Nov. », 16C0.I said occupy.Mrs. Burchon Christmas;BelgiansWe must now con-mghtwhen she if she23d, between twelvenight;do uotShe will then haul up, and run 50 backwards Spain, and forwards. The Orlando, under tbe co:nmand of1.1 which is:egregioustoe mose gloriousand other Catholic and absolutist States, might Scllly.which the boatswainEve Mrs. Famam made Miss ;taA. and overtask ail the energies of tke Italian army and peo{>le. If tbe host of reaction was scattered like chaff before tbe wind. If its strongholds held no better tb^ mere pasteboard castles, it was all owing to the desperate resoluttoni the genius, the prettige, tbe veryotoer parts of the body, that the man died betweenthree and four o'clock on Sunday morning. Alarmed sign of the elect of twenty generations, toe comple-;better take a Joseph; for Italy has been thi« year soof Gaubaui metsome of theatconversation about Mr. Turner's presentsblnndersmiraculoiuly aided by fortune that even the mostgloves;onlysomeofthosebaaelagoeawhopolsanthadeeds tphoewelarststatisticsosnayt,hisbut thattietwcennthuemble.srts, of this ;toandthe crumblingedifice oftyranny. Receive. Volunteers,to Marvtoldit;'that wasStuart talkedhotied Mrs. Burcb wotild not admit her to toeof great men, be they heroes or mooarchs, thosea vessel thseubsjaemcte the Algiers, ofoffrom the places we bave named (Cape;st. Paul,;Lago<i,conquerorsof one word of fare- battles,longbefore her confe-^&ionI recollect Mr.lowest Ddnds which too often seem to cast a speU onlastdayAugust;of and Mr. Burch tor betog unktod to him;the highest— ._..» "OueivOielucomandanaaipaiemi;''her1 am obliged te retire, but it >€bitterlyHorace Turner's betog at Mr. Bnrcn's on ChristinasGAaiiALSi with schemes of political reform, redress of wrongs, award of recompense, *c., more in keeptaig with his chival- rous and disinterested disposition than with tbe cau- and, on the other hajod, urged on the King's Government tbe adoption of those very measures aad the choice of those very men which would inflict the most cruel wotinds on the soul of the too sensitive Gakibaldi.Intermission,to toelr homes of their fami- lies, and those who by toclr wounds have deserved toe Thof« will serve to;that m the bato-roomwho, on the one huid, promptedmoment of her she leaving Portlabnudt, the would,H ito you agam. Let tliosc only returnebxecfoerpet toat been ktod to veryB ''*»»''»tious dictates of cold practical policy;mostnot even those built on the seavpepnrorved models—Italy toelr homes their euiir-sels and toe very aspect ofw-as to toepaperTheis immense.the less than a;alght,the wind till fuel began to fail. She mendous stvle. Thousands of people are being sac- changed.she slated;) she did not stolrs, and Mr.wrongon t)oth sides may betriflingWhydah." informant wasjTurnerFrom the London Times, (Editorial.)At first sigW it might seem a waste of power that tb* man who almost singlehanded has delUcrpd half;still swaystbeopinionsofhiscountry. Gari-lilieoften she bad yielded to Stuart;first and last Umes, (a. already rventhe^AtDi Is there, almost within sight of Italy.against for Bermuda, as. In-;had used teUlDgmethat; Ulnnle-was sick upteipriM, Ua daring, his success, his aonegatlon, allstate any otker means toat Stuarta jtaloiisythmt Minnie was alone think Mtonie had to be alone aiAtelftbe tale on the quick and susceptible nature of hisLoNBos-Wednesday Night. today at W:,®!^) for money, and S3flattery; she never cxires.srd onecountrymen. For one Garisaldi, no doubt, hun-we met Mr. Muan day;;Mr. Burch went up stairshome;beaianlnc and deprives it of its charm with States toEngliLDj with a routrary wmdwhether she can anchor with safety. The time ofAMr.RICA.\ STOCIC^.;Hla cn-rificed, (decapitated and afterwards cut in pieces,) and tbouaaiida are kept for the slaves." Tne writer then descrlbea tbe manner by which tbe slave-merchants onthecoasteludethecruisers andtheir movements.The BanABsicFia market was dull. Tbe Provision market ctoeed dull.;SStiS^^e-zsftujr^iit: rnHn'ss as to his colleagues and soma of his misgiv-P«kla(. Mail, Sept. 28.band,In toeknow how longI thtok 1 never heard but toat c-oe ooBve«S»^-Si ebject of Mrs. Bureta'a being to tbe lamllv waval to the teddentafrMolts.treels, which an rttj narrow, aod scarcely wi^le »ianndentandlBSlirtw(«a Garibmldl aad the appear that tbe Chinese Government Is detomdned towm; totka Dtnmo tbare waa a perfect oration.Thetogsamoccupy Turner bad not cume tn from the hallCBoogb te admit of more than two fat persons kbiVMt, wan. faaUMoad with flowers and erergreensEngland rate of dis-hinder us. Lord Eloib and Baron Gaoa arrived at nor in financial circles, until some time after the close was to riiow that while toe witness recollected wito what followed, nor any conversation In eonaeettaahuag frob window to window nen,aXantheotherKUoneiaof>gKstV'"<»"^P"* werethcre, barlooUng as tntte and downcast as hesTydsllaMassual ttOOQA'S HaAS-QOAaTiiu,do not reooUeet ear; pictures, tapestrr,j |of business houre.detoll circumstances and oonversatloni sup-wito tbe remaiksatloD that tookplaoebetwaaait/t.Boicft>"'t>an-uplifts. We must here Inaugurate a Governmentwhich mar give secmity of iiree existence to the peo-ple and of severe recdtade to public opinion. I put <yom Nexr-York on the ZTth ult., in the Bremen policy, and advocates peaceafter some time my uficle preceded me on the then'Mr. Valentine followed me up when wc got up stairs my uncle said' '*Fanny, 1 want you to wimess your aunt's contession ;" I de-hourjny reliance on the efficacious cooperation of all hon- esx men. Where power is bounded by tbe laws and atrHgtbened by freedom, tbe Government has as much influence on tbe public welfare as tbe people; Kinsey'shousedo not rememharWe must show £i)tope that if the irresistible force of events broke thnragh ttie convendoDalltles grounded on the calam-Mrs. Burch ;libraryexpel by public and private Virtues.Itias £r Trhlrhjfr'T vas fcr centuries afflicted, we ness, for the weather has been such as to render It;ttliggle'with ahighbaro-the sup-and uncertainty.discovered that there was a Comrals-sariat forthey blew strong and stead- ply of SAMKOLnfsiH's army. Their services were from the;(toerebridge toought;)Tke RettreineBt of Gmrlbaldl. - Oorrtspondtnce of the London Times.anameMrs. Burch saIt upnedrefresctloyodqutioeatTdkui, Saturday, Nov. 10, IMO. K telegraphic dispatch, printed this morning in the semi-official Opinion^f brings tidings from Naples that Gen. Gasibalsi, yesterday, took leave of KingSiPT. 12.eveningfrom the;Buicb danced wben I played toe polka foe Ulaaie t It:thatKiBS.let no stone lie unturned Tlen-I>ln on tbe 25th ofwhat tM to elM* eoavae-Com pondenet <l(tke Londmi Neva.by which It can gam time or Augiut, and KwaiLiAKO ar-Ihe crocs-examlnatiOBthiB afternoon by Ur. Bioxwrb, tbe remark of Urs. Buoh 1 do not; iSahtaMAaiA,BiAaCafua.Nov.1.greatposed to implicatestrangely deficient la the attendant circumstances, and as to otoer events which would naturally be im-;MA dun't know what •ervaatalWe have narrowly escaped a misunderstandingwhich, under present circumstance^, would have ex- ceedingly damaged the cauae of Iiaiy. You kuuv uie year, Sfiiii'i.ent of true afiectioo which Viotoe Emasiislfeels ft>r Garibaudc. in sprte of this It appoir^i that tlieItalianKinghadsoobowayorotherwoundedtbe30th, accompaniedbyThe Tirn'squence of a withdrawal duiin^the afternoon of*^'\*/"" one but « hich Implicitly put GAaiBALSi under the orders of torily, wben, alter a week's °<>'has become mo e active the duringcon- as rhe passed dour that Oe ooBversatlons wito Uis. and the alleged myol Southeratheir hats and biidkerchlefs '""lA'Si fhi. in th« nation, and everyihtng bad been arranged fur his departure. Col. Ndllowbi sent to Sesta, as the beaier rf Garibaldi's resignation- which, I am gla-l to say, wasat oiice refused oy VioroB BiuBuaL. TbeKlDglettv tomomivg.V cent, in the rate of discount will her, and anxious to palliate her oSisnoe. Anomalous Mr. van to taatlaMiay aa ttfwtatconquerorItalyto tender h'Sresig-no to thepower sign treaty.but It was all of co use ; one of the poorest ol the poor Dispatches from Naples state that on Nov. 4 and 5, arrangement of certain preliminaries regardtog;laM bold of hfs soruelgn's hand and walked with Sardinian transports landed troops and artillery at tbe cerementes on arrival at Peking, theDaily Ncun City ArlicLc.LoBDON, Tuesday Evening.told thkt day she went down toteSabbath;do nut know what time I letumed hooaethat.,and the people ciung to Garibaldi and kissedand embraced him as a lather. He was the greater the Piedmontese army had been removed to LIssy, a these It was reported they had consented on the 3i;Miss Comtog toldday; It was t>etore candle-light; Urs. Burch dieoedhim;Moladl Gaeta. At these dates, the bead-quartersofmnount demanded as indemnity, &c. To allThe .**tock markets were under llie influence of toehim that onetlocs were yesterday sent from the Admiralty to the the loaded behind. This will retard their wagonsMr. Stuart and Mrs. Burch were lalking wben I went la ; a that he cbnW look I think Mr. Stoart left at half pastcould be got ready for sea. Simult'ineously with the message sent to Devonport, one was conveyed toiheart seems turned towhat they had done with the hero whosedaring cut the knot of that national question whichneither tbe omnipotent of France, nor the ail-wisdomot Itaiy herself had brought by millions ef milesBear its solution. After Capua and Gaeta, people in with the royal .squadron. By this time the fft/nafaya, occurred on Saturday night, or early on Sunday morn-;do not remember>feel less inclined to sneer at tbe often-contemolateJ chance that 150,000 Neapolitans, with 50,000 Franco-tog, on board the Jeremiah Thompson, (C&pt. Blake.)law-yers Mr. andMr. Burchunexampledof the Admiralty of tlie state of the screw stoam-trans-From the iltiw.hcsUr Guardian. Nov. 13.The Liverpool Detective Police were yesterday engaged In the investigation of a dreadful afialr whichwent and 1 heard bim witii her;or how Mr. Burch had been at homeport Himfi/rtj/fl, and the possibiility of her being dis-•*I believe he will take me Mr. Stuart accompanied Mrs.patched immcdiatelv to cruise in the hope of fallingLoBnoN, Friday, Nov. 13. IhOO. The foL'ouiiig is tlie farewell address of Gabi-tell ilr. Burch what 1 saidmyuncle accompanied myselfunder the command of Capt. Selgombe, will be sail- ing and stearotng down Channel with a favorable wind, i'he Himalai/n will run 159 miles west ofshe asked me if 1housetoink he returned oa theIn the course of next Spring have appeared on thefield in Romagna and Tuscany in such force as might in the course of to-morrow, and will follow in the bis fists, and kickmg him about the head, face, andperiodCapt- AsTLBT CooPLE Key, will, it is hoped, be at sea wakeof theiftiniiiaya, and pursue the same ticHcs,violentlyby striking'myseli presents one—toe black one she asked Poera«and Tmnyson;toeydrMs aro tracing out for themselves a like path t:> theskiea. It la the vulgar sequel that too often darkens should take three weeks Ir. coming from the UnitedWhen a slavercertainmcifnifcUved togetoir lor a long ume untU they came tofrom on Thursday rooming; dont oIkhijso that if the iyero has persevered;she told me moriatoginthe stTongeasterly winds which have prevailed nowfor several weeks,there iseverybeing on the look-nateageofyours.Yes!young men, Itolyowesto; Idonot recollect the circumstance of Mr. Burrill's carriage breaking down at toe door ; the night we went tb tha tocatre with Miss Spaulding and the otoers do not re- collect toe day of toe week tbJnk It was toe 23i of toewith out for her.presentbysaipsa skirt and hoopFrom Ike London Timet, Nov. 19.For the latt day or two, surprise has been generallyshe asked meI would have any feeling as ;.ablefrom theof course, have been here long agospite of the cr.,isers.truthls for we have really no information on this point. For who are called by toe imperative dutiesagato nothinglike sutficieat fuel for that she would have nothing our anyt"he truth ol the foUowlng toformation we can vouch On the 12tb of August last a large screw-steamer left Whvdah (the great seuport town of the Kingdom oWfhtDiashtomey) with 1,-200 slaves, and got off cwleare.doMrs. Buroh's confession anysueh oerformance. None of llne-of-battle ships-^when MX. firJt men-i.mtdtoat Mt.can stow coal for more tchoannsidered theeUbhetst cl.asyhsi'ptoeir noble woubnyd;--We shall meet ere h>c? again to march togetoer forteomlDK. The i2««m.i»,embarking these unfortunates eighteenfrom these, let all others remain to guard our plorious banners.walkingshe said Stuart told hersU davs"—the mischief thonsht a miracle when the French produceddrownedtheir canoes. Tills slave-steamer wa-* sixteen days from Havana to Our inwas sick on oneItaly from Its foreign rulers, and who has never shown Sfa?,8 itTs ^f«'Jy obvtous that ste:prevloua hla brother was laying at toehimself but to conquer, should suddenly qiii thePace across the Auiitlc. She wouldvorat first to make way under canvass,which Prince and his suite enjoyed the repose of theyLATKST MARKETS.BT TELEOKArH TO QDKESSTOWS.: girls ;" she often told us not to tetlole same request as to potot of deato at that timescene in which so much remains to be done. But hePro'^^^w.fU,l"e;'^t"h-eall tbeWhydah onpactchsoiwmetreofcl06ed, and legal trade hadMr. Burch toatI thtok tbe next time I Mr. saw Ur. Stoart wsa to the Ubrary toe Wed-In the fleet, carries only;Brown last Fri. ay nightMr Stoart batoed my headNapileon with stowage equalUoT The Hero hadTln aU probability, week'scoalonboardatthetimeofleavingdiiidon.aaitBr- day dontrecollecttoename toeEptacopalMtoia-we her fuel at «" IZlJfZ^it putnmiterThe of greater partWe shall meet to l.€w triumphs.said we do not meetand him, whysoyou say after I went ior the lee that ICr. Horaca"^^dasyusc^n stockit would be near the mark. Now, wltJi,wereday January year honored last, not* less than 12,000 Africans, toebeatUig against; toere or notchance of hertoathearing somebody crying for help, got out a boat, but still will be Providential dlspensa^ons. several of the crew, were exammed. The first and toe oppressors and uieAnd now the lime has come for this demigod Gabi- since its departure from Portland, and of the date at second mates said that they did not notice Kbegahmightywilldisappearlik.e toefor Mr. Burchnot recollect what dress sne had on when I wentThe generous, single-minded patriot,true Plutartih stamp, goes back poorer than he came^however, theadtnits ofceased on one occasion, the capstan bar (near whichidence has presented Italy with Vicrt'i. Euanckl, ani mominf^.if the young ladies were out, and toe girl toli Mr. Farnam toat she was up stairs, and she was sorry thesnlywe aredeceased was} out, struck him, and caused him slippedbyand that I could not tellwith a heart sore from real or fancied though,general uneasiness:1 told her that 1 toe let-back to the turnips and artichokes whichter,Wednesday when Millerexplanation. constitute the great boast of the rocky farm think, jusUl.ed equalto fall on the deck. The second mate explamed thatthe reason he sent tbe body on shore in a box, and forgotten.1 was thereiligbtsbe»t his Island heritage. It is net easy to" — Once uiore 1 repeat my battle-r-ry told the boatman it was dir goods" a cirLmnstanceMiller's kindness to her toat wben don't remember thatshe siated reason any;Mra.bigralitude of King and country to their greatest ben- speedwhichthe Prtace ofsfactorfor that Marv had ;but the men of our own generation, vexedof meevening, aad not to tell me—^not Garibaldi, nor his best hoise-powerup gocaught stopStuart to come when Joseph Puraer not know that Mt. Buroh sentwhich It should consequently be due. It is certainly natural that anxiety should be entertained on a sub-dust.You too. women, cast a» ay all cowards from yourner la^vyersBALDi to be put uponihe shelf; and Gaiibaldi, as itwas anticipated, is not by any means like other men—not one of those public servants who, whenever hard-hearted policy dooms them to disavowal or disgrace,may have their feeUngs assuaged, or their pride flat-tered, by honors or titles, pensions or grants of land. the entire nation with that solicitude which a lamHfr by a heavy blimt instrument. It was elicited, duringof such extreme interest, and the return of the Prince to his natiue shores is undoubtedly expected by;and a arms, toat will only give you cowards lor children,she had given rae a brace-jectI believe Isuch eafyIt caAnot,toaiid toat he saitl howhelookedas1didnotseebunThe iffro, '•Wales,told me thatnappy with readiness. Weseenonothing,on girl told Mr. Famum that,because she would havecpaubnlniosthedx,ceed consideration, however,class,wHl not explain tbe whole case. Had the Hero been South Coast) have been carried across the ocean innme knots. Even thisto uo mne knots ;in hour, withotttwell from me to-day.for a few days only. The hour of battle will find meMary Spauldtog,after her confession, 1 heard her;Mary not one asked Mrs.wltoesscidftoe room wito;Mrs. Burch "IdMr. Stuart at that time;fijel,to ten days' consump-;occaslo^ we went out to walkcotjldfor friends,him, she said "yon are notworto anything we toe day he told me thataiid It wasjwho were tbe two sisterstoat she w;.s no'iced opeutog letters ou tbe bridge to front of BoTd's office, and that her with BoydPortland; don'tMrs.Burch terwhoofficiated,orwhowentforhim;tmnkIt waaquite stopped these wars. At this verytbt itateiman who, out of office, and perhaps out of eiiy galea," and the Htro would have recourse to ner gone in** obedience to B.uiabcmo's orders, to do honor hale>, nearly all to toe trade. The market closedmet Mr. Boydshe never made "<loes not really quit It, any ^mre than the commandfr stood so ihuch In need. But the winds have not been moment while I am writing, all the whites and beadLiviKPooi., Thursday, Nov. li.wishedBnrch would let her tovKe Stuart to diimcr, he was Burcb talking therewho for days and weeks fs not seen by bis army, or fiivorable. The ^roiia herself reports "strong easv meuof Whydah are In Dahomey, whither they have Tbe sales of Ccrroa yesterday reached only a.OOO;JXawmkix 1S> laso. haroutofastrait,orenaklehertomaamuvre thatitlaintendedtoremoveSirJakb*HnaeaMiigt)e yeto-ljork Chneg, totbtttgbog,CHIWA. FallareofNecatlattaaataa^AdTaaeemttkeADTAHCC DTIH«KATIVWmSOOVIR.CoatiaaMiaB mt Mlaa FaanleMBJ—BcaTchlBB Oro»a.«xaiBlastiaB ky braryAllied Amy apaa From tlu Overland ChinaFreaa Oar Ownand Mr. BurriUTJS^L'S"Sf*fc!l; 85Su?«lt'^*5S itin^V^^^anatureasweeouldhavewished, nor what we hadhaving more than 05 days to run is raised to S per coat.In the exaadnatlon of Hiss Fabbib Bobob. the aeleeexpectedafter the late eventsIntheNorth. Itwould(Signed,) M.MARSHAL,ChiefCashier."ofMr.BcBoa,aadhereross-examlnatlOBwUldoubt-Stoart know it tog;rivedfiomni, the Viceroy of Chi:PekingHabo- appointed, lastthis step wu adapted In conse-Hia. Bnaea, her memory waament. The funds closedIn the midst of the pursts and long-contioued storms Trajetto. In tbe afternoon of the 5th, a Sardinian KwKlLIA^Q declined to sign the memorandum embody- did not exceed Jk t^ cent. (/Oubols derive support tog's letter she touughtfrigate advanced within gunshot of tbe great circular ing all that had been agreed to, on the plea of his not of applause, as heretofore. The King was dressed, fort on the south outside of the port of Gaeta. This having full powers to do do so. Coramunlcati msfrom the of the dividend approtichit was aThe Mr. Stuart and Mr. Burrili, and that led her to writeletme say, as a General of Division, and Garibaldi In the same simpie cress In which he hnd conquered thd Two Sicilies and given away a kingdom.period.de[ires>ion was shown In the British Railway Stocks. Severaldescriptlonsfell 1 ilcent. and the closing; prices in all instances were toe lowest of the day. A number; she told me tkat the attempt of Stuart to take liberties uith her, took place on the »ofa ; I do not know toat she toldmeofanightwhen Mr. Boyd and Mr. Uoiton called toat slie sat near Mr.(wllners gave toe stoteraentsof Mrs. Borch Ir the con\ersatlon about Ml, Stuart's eagageoMatia toke tea with Mrs. Howard Shermaa;) Mr. Bofd and Mr. Hubbaid called about 7 o'clocktold us to go In and see tbe young geattemea lemember thai Mrs. Burch saldsbe did ik>t wish to aaawhich was merely sent on a reconnolsance, frigate, awere then suspended, and the army put In motionto advance upon Peking. Tbe advanced columnstarted on the £th, detachments have follewed, and of holders iiave effected sales. The cir- she said which roomtoe day;did not fire. She ascertained that the fort was inwere constructing redoubts and other fortifications to bar tbedenendently of the troops charged to defend theants, left on the 0th to overtake the advanced colutun- Ai'ri'lrol Hope declined going.the library ;" my uncle went to, and my sister said to him " Aunt Mary told me to tell you to brush yourtbemthat it was shut;shutitoepetition of Trajetto, the Neapolitans had two corpsNotwithstandingthought that nothing would be decided with regard toparlor about two hours;Maples yesterday, the <th, at 9:30 in the forenoon. Inthe thick of a viart shower, somewhat in the style oftbase heavy rains which equsdiy accompanied thatpopular Sovereign throughout bis glorious progreasliuoogh Central Itahr last Spring. The unfavorable THE PRINCE'S F&OTRACTED YOTAGE. concentrate all their resources at Toongchow, near to dlouUy state of the weather md not prevent the maaifestation;tbe contlnuttnce of return from NaplesHorace Turner's engagementoperations .;my impressioa is It wa* shut ;morning.southwest of Sdlly, but could see nothing of the Hero,she said itnot wish to see toe young gentlemendid- saw '*fe^lin^augmeated.^Sincereare more than ever necessary. All parties must bow and has experienced very severe weather from the ^so several Intrenched camps on tbe road, and tkatwasof a most abundant harvest conttoucdconcord and constant self-denial befbrethemajestyoftheItaliannation,whichGod eastward.between thisand that there are Toong-chow,healthyvate toterview with her;Macrt, of Oie United Statessteamer Setc-York, which put into Plymouth Soundremained firm at jC98 V ton.Burch's roomI went down stairs;thmk it was 13 or 1 ;Capt.navy,CopperMeTsshres.adDvribcuesitfxrromkSCvod.n,ey mention thweitshtolpipabaigleitioesf;^sterdayfor coals, haa been requested the Admi- byIt is cstimatad toat no less than £1,0*4,000, In Aus-toe service to Mrs.-the tlaae of Mi. famam'a asfclaK;us ttiriiebis the royal squadron,tralianwayto this coimtri'.;raltytogiveoplnton respectinggold,myuncle said come In, and Idont recollect tbe dayimtil Ticros Ehakosl'Iwa.« no of sipnapprehension.supplyofMoneythat Mr. Burch said toat she and her mutoer could goto New-York and board m some quiet place, imtll toe matter was she said she thought my mother andthe detenUon of CapL Uacbt writing to Admiralis on toe JIISCKLLANEOrS NKWS.murrc<lto toe house to do It ;went to ; I sat down to the rcektog-cbalrsat to toe rocktog-chalr at the bac\ side of toe roomFiTsROT, of tne meteorologleal department, says"I do not think there is the least cause for uneastworsted, and as traitors. they punishedNov.All toe fifteen Ministers attended toe Cabmet Coua-kilBtrhowtoiennre to the united nation the empireof thMe usch<u>gable principles without which every an auxiliary steam power, to make any headway at Lord Eloin's baggage, stores, &c.line of her handwriting and her signature, bridge;»n«l«U h laStm and every authority is exposed toWe met thesewhan we were not halfmeter and a mottled skvily, not furiously, but they raised a high sea, such a.s canvas even with auxiliary steam could nat do more against than simply hold its ownmay look for the arrival of the royal squadron every day, I should not be at all surprised If Itdid not arrive as long as these strong easterly winds last, and even for some days afterwards, for I doubt whether thehe toen turned down all but one linebridge built at that tlaieTICTUK CMANuBWall.easterlyway across,peculiar aptness,was no Burch said sheMnk Mr. Famam did notsimplyImpossible for a vessel like the Hore, with onlycarryscrewSeccobbb, left Spithead under steam vesterday at.3:15;Admiralty.A telegram from Piymouto, d.-ited last night, sayshim,butwinds ten and days agoMr. H. S. with his Parxrs,soonP. M., proceeding down toe channel in search of Her Majesty's ship Htro, to compliance with instructionsand signed it :and tlie signature of toe paper in his handwiiiing aad told me to write my name there, and I wrote mr;;—News was received lastadvanced column. It reached Vang-tstm-yehon tne lOib, being 60 le from hence, and was still tliere on the llth, heavy rain having prevented their maicliing fur-;witnessing during toe dayI do not know about bow Ur. muart and Ura. longontheBbui», and HABa-OBU, who was for-tbe Commissioners all at once Intimated that they hadtions were and the stopped,army put in motiondowli^drat W&^wmitijfor Peking, and news bad been received of tbe advancedBank of England, on tl dr have no choice but to part,after (be had Mr. prerentedpanor ; tdent Spauldia"g ikatthe main body will march to-morrow. Two thou-spccuUiLivecumstance that the settlementterminating on Thursday, rendered the market more;Mrs. Burchwho waa;tomeetMr.merly Hoppo at Canton, and therellsbbig the Foreign Inspectorate »f Customs. Nego- further sum ofbertoink my baggage waa lakea iw, tnatto roooi- myin estab- himself tiations were Immediatehr proceeded with, andstood for seven hours, dartogalait' aia— 'Allfound Mr. Toner there ;I cannot but notice toat while bat few who express Mr,- Stoart was at that Ume; went Into Ihemam at the bead of the arasy, to which uie opara.seat on the throne, .but to rt-main Uli Ihe ple^eDt war baa been braught to a some other places have tieen evacuated by our troops, country will t>e lessened by the premature drawing of The fallowing Is toe testimony adduced this after-over they came downofficial atrts, 'sheknow what clicumstances me ahastrike tbe most Insensible, 1 looked at Vioroa Ekan- GoveiDmentswllIconfesstog great many ; boute after her, or toat any tiody said, aftersome on the 25th ult. A few days afterwards a communi- for discounts atanthde oBaank and to the open market said, " Mr. Burch said Mr. Stuart would go on tne had gone; 1 do not n-roember how 1 kaOwdl^ba^tt^nAha.rttlous of tne sleae of Capua bavo been loiustei. Gari- baldi accepted tbe explanation, and he has consentedcarrybaggase,as It may seem, toose who say the testimony Is against her. are the very ones anxious to defend her.iiillrreslatlMe necessity which no human*"ThB£2i''a'S°o?'takehls aod S,aC0 will remain m Tlen-tsln. tber. BeckwithconteadadthathehadarigbttoclMt the whole of Ibe testimony as to the eoiivertatioa al-VvS!t^PehtangThe Times says that fntare paymente due from this;undaunted aiMotwUcb Indicated an Iron circi>mstances the loss ol 38,(Wu men would have beenBythatboM,nerve. Sboptiy ater the eeremoiiy began, had His a great one for Italy.lla.^a(eh| Mrs. Burch's dauisWer Ulnule waa at Soadaf SckeotThe I^ iMum was sung in magnificent styleamidst the same loag-conllnned and Increasing shouts, and a (Htmmunlcatloo rcu«oi*n«« to oe addressed to all tlier account is, that two new Commissioners haveheby flattering her; she wanted to tell Mr. was afraid to she said after that, that the;thick one or two honraand, as aoan a* over, the royal party oeacended from the altarThe TurinNtwM Vioroa Emahusi,go unpunished ;" she said Stuart had commencedsaysand went to Tlslt the tieasury and tbe chapel of San tbe Courts ofKingdice, to fee if he will not be more fortunate— —higherBurch, first:"A new of proclamationterms.but toe Scliool ; SundayLoKDox. Tuesday Kveatog. The funds opened this monaing at tbe Arm quota- course It was to be visited, but who can imagluc either tbione of tbe Two Sicilies. For the first time Vioroa meiely put forward to sound our dc-jands. All these tions of yestetuay, but subsequently they experiencedths yielded to Mr. Stvart was the davMrs. Ma- SundayJaa«arius,'whcre the blood of the saint is kept. Of chemical humbug 1forthcomlrgon tbesubjectofthe acquisitionoftbe and that KwxnjABa and his coadjutors havebeenther'sthat ihe hatedbefore him, butfilt thatshs wasthebot they had deserted on the road, and Lord ELoni's bsggage was said to be In difficulties. andmet fortunate that GAR(aAi.H It Is difficult to accougnatrrtohronthe turn events hivenoonJUiss Famiis Hurch, examined by Ur. Van Arman art gave any rea'on on Sondaf' tm not 'going tastood a little below 1'. and wiped—aye, eveu kings satisfact"ry Issue. It IsinMtn—jeSiwipedhishands,audthanhisface,wicb bnsgiven«ay,forbadbeleftthiscountry',thewhole takenlotheNorth. Various ranmrsandsurmises thatofaman,who,toconsiderationofacertainal-:any thatIt not ^oo bad that 1 must be cruslied to toe earto, andpointwithoutmuchopposition. ByothersitIs-thoughtrally creates an artificial scarcity In the market, and enables the Bank of England for a time to Insist upontoatday ;have ih^ Idea of ike tiao Samdar'SchMulhave alteadad hare no recoUeoUon of time toe tiu.e It lasted, or .of Tthe tioM the School '""BomMinfied ; vatort .« :-Sk James' Church Obce afterwards; caoaot laM wbetLer afieiuoon servlee coanwaMd at three er of those men bowing down In reverence t>efi>ie tuis BiiANniLwlll be officially styled King of Italv. All rumors are equally plausl'rfe, but no reliance can be- ac'ecUneof H. Tbe advance to the Bank of Eng- in hispovier ; she told me that the laut time she yielded foui o'clock; Mbime was not at hone that afteraooa;;of theof the and ano-heldcorrespondent8ANo-EO-UB-8iif wishes to try another throwDaUyEurope, are tbe two principal documents hem appointed one of them a Prinoc of the blood;papers, money, ttr... will henceforth he placed on any of them, as they require confirmation. land's rate of discount did not transpire until after theStiurtvmt the night wevitre at the theatre ;I remember toat tbe was at Babbato School do nut ;;toinK»lbed Kingdom of Italy.' It is believed that your Ore thing is certain,—that the t'hineee Government closing of the Stock Exchange. The Joint Stock asked me bow Mr. Burch found it out—did Mr. StuartGovernment v>lil Immediately recognize tbe new t>tle ; that the French Goven^ment wtU begin by merelyBanks and Discount Houses will to- morrowday) most probably iucrease their allowance for; itnccunedtoiseat athome; I old not look aboutwith thl> title in the 'non-official' part of the Moniteur, and will then, step by step, pro-for the day had terminatedprotest;the new Kingdom prospers from was moderate, ihe Stock Exchange they reway of the world, and la this way length been quietly accepted."rates on Amsterdam, Hamburg and anyprovince, Paris advanced. Tlie Railway maikct, to-day, has such totogs if tbey were not tiue t" we talked aboutthelest legitimate than the Italian revolution have at company Habg-po, ViceroyTbe iBTeatnent of Oaeta.ImftieDee, though the soldiers round the cnurch on The following intelligence is given as Latest transpired beyond those who are admitted behindan average decline of !< to 1 ?! cent. Midland, Lan- temptiblepubli.sh asked)tept out,ting that be ex.«ctedio Ur. Patteraoa potot upon V. hich tbe witness was to testify.eiiherslde did all they could to keep the path open, news" by the Patriechiefly^I Miss Fannie Burch's cross-examination, continued—"cafhire wayYorkchire,;thoughtwill notgivein without agoodargument.(Wednes-"You ask bim when be comes to,deal ofFrom the North China Herald Extra.tttatHaM^MCdHMW- th«boiiaeJorta|ref*' do not reiaMabef'ihai'VfHBVwiimoney at call.di^retkceln the two expressions could not fail to ceed towards a complete recogoitloa ot It The other Lord Eloix in the Granada and Baron Gaos arrived ment from the Bunk waa made. The demand on toe potot of a times she her go ; do not iemeii-tN:r whether I looked a__—heIs will even prboucteeIfdstillmorecauUonsly;VBL's tmvarying fHce and bold glance, and saidre galAntuornOf true to his word, aiKl rearly to malo- and becomes powerful, it will be recognized by alL cation was received KTrsiLiAno, announcing bi^ matoed at 2 M IB cent. In the Foreign Exchanges, stand imd deny all this; but, Fanny, do you believe VI a^ gone io tbe Satjbato SchooLof thisand Habo-cbu, formerly Hoppo at Canton. Corres-pondencesoon commenced between them and theheld on borrowed and clo.sed at speculatively money,to Sickles tolih> wife's confession inbut Mr. Beckwlthata- finally yielded uponwith thePlenipotentiaries, the precise natoro of which has notthe curtain. It is believed to have been the prices wcje at the lowest potot of the dav.calltothe saaw-commenced this day,Piedmontese from marching forwards from Mola. In- Elgi^ and staff. Includtog some favored non-coiubat- sensitive. The bustoess at the Dh^count office at the uiicie and said Fatotr, Lizzie wants to see you indo nstsiraiegetlcaicoast,preventprotectBoyd "up my;road on the seaandthesand menwill remain toTlen-tsin. Lordand I near Mr. Horton she looked atTheir plans would appear to hive been cha'3ged of a rise in the rate. In tlie;cliy they may subsequently have considered it politic to surrender, provided we passed the Taku forts, inMrs. Burch told me toat her difficulties would breaktbe that they could stay our further expectationlibraryhall and saw toe Ubrary door was shot ;prog- ress by their ccmning diplomacy, or, falling in that,;Pekbig, thus leaving a largo tract of country for us toher friends would not desire her to visit toemson forlooking;the Canae of De- cover and for communication with our keep openLoBsosi, Wednesday, Nov. 14. The commercial accounts by the present mall are less unsatisfactory than for some time past. Thereshe mc not to let my mother hatebase, whilst they have the power to harrass us byshe said toat ner uncle Comtog andclearing;PLVMomH, Tuesday—11 A. M. For a time these tactics may succeed, but we shall, has been an tocreasod demand for many articles of back The paddle-wheel steamsloop Gorgon returned doubtless, overcome all difficulties and roach Peking, Import for immediate, consumption, but prices were ber roomoppositionwillbemadetoouradvanceonPekingas who sailed a last struggle. It is said that there are three other Princes of Taitary who are opposed to Si«ntoLixgi\'sprospect;and asked for a pen and mkhe carried it te Mrs.on Monday on my mtod; ;bavedo not remember the of thetherefore, while wetoatller Majesty's fngate Orlando has tieen got readv, and would proceed westward to losk out for the Jlero. The healto of the Knpress Ecuenix is said to be delicate, and it Is reported she is about to leave Paris on a journey, though no one seems to know to whatconversationconfession to ber oi%n handwritingdo not remember her makmg any reference to toat confessiono:Baggage carts and coollos have become scarce, and indeed notLondon, Wednesday,my notknowthehourofUrStoan'sanivalatMi*.Kia-but that he, in defiance of all, is resolved to make another throw for the stake. "The people here are in great alarm within tlie last two days, and thoee who have been prominent in ren- dering their services by the supply of prori.slons, fee, are now keeping out of the way, believing we sball bestairs condngap stairs ;;we went after ImmeJlatolyobtainableIt is true of a hundred have been upwardscil Her;amquite (KMltlve;loaded and sent on, a large portion of whichyesterday. Majesty'swaypromptly transferred to the .Ullcsceptable to tbem, as they bavo a ccriaiaty of payment, and considerably more profit.;merchants, anioiinling to £-28.000, and a.ssets to £15,000.she issquadioD, supposing it has not run down to the south- ther. To-oay they arc to advance to JVan-tsi-wan, Gen. Lajiobioizre has reported toe story of his passed; he was;tochange veryac-^placeVicioa EHAiroiL, and left for Caprera. The event ward for a port or for better weather. Is mu ;h nearer and thence to llo-se-woo, which is 120 le from Tien- Italian campaign. It is .iddresscd to the M mister of Burch said she wished she bad a gun to shoot bIm minutes do not know toe time of toeindeed it was deemed, these shores than it was on the day it encountered tsin. Some persons, dressed as officials, had met Arms of the Pontifical Government, and is dated erenby GABiBALsrs best friends, as desirable as it these tasttrly winds with heavy head seas." them and endeavored to persuade tliem to return, say- Rome, Nov. 3. It appeared on Tuesday in toe Ami mandarins of high rank were coming to treat. Ml dc la and lills more than sixteen; Mr.StuartandMrs.Bnrchwentevening toto toewas by no means unexpected;lady's father to warn biscdoamueghterTbe Globe says, that by order ot her M^esty, dlrec- ingdoni't recollecthowmanygamesof ;R'Ugion,the drivers had decamped with their mules, leaving of its colurms. In his account of the sur-was inevitable, and the only regret Is that It was putoff so long. Yet the impression caused here by theactual onuoutcemeiit, was painful in the highest de- Commander in-Chief at Devonport, to ascertain by march to Toong-chow considerably. Yang-isun-yeb asked to capitulate. Titis was alter twelve hours' him in toe street, and pass him without recognition Mr. Stoart sat In such poslUonus standing gree.Garidali'I,everymanfeels,isafigurethatwhattimethepowerfulnewsteam-frigateOrlandobeingonthePei-ho,theywereendeavoringtopro-fighting.Hisrnenwereextremelyfatigued,andheafterteasbes•e'ntformetogoupstairs,andIwenttotoberfacerender ol Spoletto the Genera! says that Maj. O'Reii.lt cure boats. The weather Is beautiful, and the roads found he could not ou his reserve,;dry again after the stonn on the luth.hisshe Feemcd very much excited and tore her nondker- in toe parlor eveningSupposed 31nrdcrAmerican K^hlp,meif Iand ask Mr. Burch to go up and pray wito.her;Ian American vessel, lying In the river ami Mersey,BALIiI:';bound to New-York. There to have been appears;no,;Ihe same room thatand one o'clock atremember whetoer Mr. Burch was borne on Christ-some quarrel between one of the sailors and JohxTo Mt CoMiAMo.xBA BUSjust finishing;KixoAB, the boatswain,masaad were GoUsmUh'a do not recollect ofpresents to atbreakfasttable toenext do not know whether there were presentesohim withItoat Christmasduring maltreated the sailorat toe lastSpauldingremontFerrysteamerwaspassing,andthecaptam countto and your coun'.ry'6 history,iito brusbtog her hair, and I told her no, and brushed iterrorsofjudgment—suchasGaribaldi'sblustering about his meditated attacks upon theFrench atRome, which WTCncbed from Napolbo..i'b expressed at the non-arrival of the Royal Squadron only in time to see the figure of a man partially rise added,baiids his reluctant consent to the advance of the Pled- from America, with the Prmee of Wales on board, upon the surface and then sink. Later in the day an his free brethren a sharpened sword forged from the to be sent away, and said, Fanny, don't you thtok if /Theatre between eleven and twelve montese on the Marches and Umbrla—turn out as and calculations have been made of the time elapsed Inquest was opened, and the oilicers of the ship, with liiiks of his fetters. To arms, then, all of you, and 1 go home and repent a few years he will take me same night Mr. Burcb came homebut the seamen who were ex- amined described several heavy blows which Keeoa:!u.'-ing any violence;;two days beh're she went awaybeoccasion tor alarm at the non-appearance of ihe Hefoand her consort, and the slowness of their passage, I"rmd toe Sheriff came she seen Mr. Farnam ;sbe told me not to tell Mr. Bnrch ; ;foretell, under present circumstances, what judg- indeed, may suggest some useful reflections on the which bad at first excited considerable suspicion- of youIfcarriestoat Mrs. Burch told ber that Ur. Stuart had been therein tha)ind broken-hearted as they may feel about It, look realty a steatner." She Is a ship of the line, with aied from injuries received on tioard the Jercmieii find us all at our pot-ts.Mary Spaulding tellwtloig>isobimsetahrimngcrotmd ber;;auxiliary steam power, andonfot muchtoonfsthat. Thouhgehr she mounts 91 guns, and is 3,0J0 burden,seen Mr. Stuartasnitdtitnogld of it; toat Stuart was(Marssk.- Burcb's) waist, Mr^sbe did not give aaj Mrs. Burcb told me hernetf I suppose Mrs. Burch sent for Mr. wassick Idoon in tills way to the windwvd we cannot at present speak,bousesayshe hod always;don't recoUict toe day ot toe week toat;ereagidn long, (ogcthertlie momtogOf what has been goingm their of cbams in the suri by the upsetting.^parttoeshipped. 'l•ie says further. In reference to this oftoestraKger.ol our brethren who are still toe slavesabout five o'clock;Whvdaboccurred, and saw the slaveswai; noticedthat b'*e would not have us meet Boydwhen thisredemption1 heard Mr. Buroh onesaythose slaves were the produce of the Kmg of Dahomey's late excursions, not run a fc-ince GtEO (the late Kmg) died BADAntrBo Jias made fourteen slave-himting expeditions. When 1 wan atand marciiscrew at lx.<t, the aid of which she would maae to his Custom," which is being carried on in tre- very dull, and prices were easier, but quotably un- byCm;" 1 think Mrs. Burcb did notheadmight thin, perhaps, make wayshe made no apology-K as orlginiifiy designed, or possibly for Fayal but she would siiil bave trie work of beating up against a:lverse wlndti. In polntof fact, she Is really notmuch more than a tai;iiig vessel, and that a sailing vesselofexce^ Stoan and Mrs. Bureh went up Maryto see herdeed,;;-1|],Z>aBMI ana the genarous. For what is the career matter fur surprlte. The Ariadne could do t)etter, arrival of toese ships is usually calculated with great The l»te.-.t sales were uStSiSt takei wlih the young, that kindles them no doubt, but she must, of course, wait upon the Hero. aocuracy. The slaves are kept In tbe bush till the New-York Central Railroad, 77480rememberalimfiis nogreatlosioatSMdl, and Inspires them with a romantic dc- It is obvious that noxiHMB^««f«ro*>M aad glorious. It Is the life of and the voyages of the Cunard steamers. Those ves- shipped in an incredl'Jly short Ume-sometimes two donderry to-day.can be instituted day draws near. If the slave-ship arrives, and the Railroad. 27*27)4 discount.THHm f^knotthCllMofa Mablbosocqr or a Wil- between a voyage pcrformeJ under these conditions moment Is propiUous, a cargo of human beings Is Steamship Cunadim, from Queliec, arrived at Lon-after tea Mrs. Burcb w-ent upmUwe him passedmycomparisonI arrivedtea;Pf,",^ ^^-'f ,?SS)ihfad-t^auAt^^g iS" than dhdnterestedness, that would •peed they drive through fogs and darkness, crashing put on the Slave-trade by the extension of Sritlsh sU- wcirtS mian DOtWeal sarviera. Such a lesson is along day and night witn all the force they can make, ti<. us along the coast between Lagos. St. Paul's and;dout know the ;\;daytoeEast thinkthenewsofKittyPrime'sdeathcam*'expected!;Isdenoting whether the coast Is clear or not, andjealousJoseph think no one else was with him iffaco, of Charleston, Capt. Jcs«, for New-Orleans, toink toe train arrived at toe usual time that evening most qSstionable. -Bie alUqr of baser moUves and they can run from Liverpool to Ncv-York in ten days t.kTEST FEB CITY OF BALTIMORE. wito colors union down, returnirjg to Rio, fr"TM no remarK was made toat we were liiter than usu^;SfeTSSSJTrSSSSI Itmust be felt that the pact and never slackening for an instant between one port iakea l&some of the loading actors before us is and the other. On those terms and by such m.?ansthe south and windward coasts.l>eatmgbayner at toe carsBurch comewere m the librarytoe time ,111 Mr. riurch crime tloned thewo,Ud^theiTK fee gtad to haU free ftaly. There are[VIAniK BEmSH KMBAB8T AT TCBLf.Forestcharge Bf the second officer, toe Captain havtogbeon but do not remember I believe Chilstmasblots in this cause that we would gladly be aole14.told me wben Ur. Burch left lor toe East,reat «-_• g1 »-t_ _..A Wa Anno—il at last,who hadstabbed by the chief mate, a young man of I think toat SmUteV;whetoer*^riir nrrrii-;to wipe away.and as this cannot be donebyargu- p^erhapthat y«ai came upon Fridaywhat thsotaeomrejok^aarkgaas to amount to a or so but that would not he the ;The and found toe bark indo not know tbe day Mr. Burch leftcourse adopted by poUUcal scandal, and to cloae Uie lips of many who Uie Royal Squadron. The JItro would economize herwhence she had sailed four days previous.Binister^ethodals ioaariposdo not know ifI suppose Mrs. Burch ODuldnotrem«mber-'-"n"e"Ulherinnor„ g_mrat, Itls something that we can point to a man of ship-of-war has mtmy thtngs to carry Otsldes coals;fuel, stearnlnc only when railing was impracticable, and not making much way even then, utit;s, she ndg^ht find her.self almost wiridiK)und. AI do not remember Aug. S5, on the Chilshmas occurred on toe same day, one week mhir remariis 1 remembcTT>ie Daily Ncv* isVigiss EaaaGU'i be tne ordinary case of a man who means of locomotion, Is simply auxiliary. It would Is no foundation for the report pubUsbed byshipped outwaiddays previous,w^iTeti^^ W Chicago about October IT. 1SIS< ,unquestionedintegntyand purity Of motives. Let aon.d^ he^r sc^te.arm,-^.pro^aw^etr^T, incstpenaHd of siumpnpilvyiinn.g, h^e-r c«wh..i:e.-ftheTimet,aftei ouianivalI Mrs. Burch ftist thiAkwhen wetflags are displayed,1 noOcedshe said she didstancec>7 wlihdvawa. But, u th« retirement of Garibaldi that of cioeslnit the .Atlantic at full speed, and at full on correct observation, that an eflectooi stop could be HomciUE AT SrA.—The schooner Forest KiJi-j, and I had Mr. Famam for an escort he us toe we met Stuart onjwlemneau^ ^'^"JJSetPeet RaMoipn^TM.^the manwho does adeed, and then either dies sels are framed and constructed for one special object, hours. The writer states it as his opinion, founded;LITKRPOOL.]LoBDOB, Wednesday, Nov.Kmg sent on boardit was two or three daysauthorized to state that there beena few passage.Untitled Document;Spauldtogsbe knew whattoatBUtoivldewtolmdabnerwathsatoatgheentwtaesmonaskedwihtiom,wahnod iS^e Mr^Bnrchlooked confcuisrecdumwshteancIeetnotered]Mr. Turner'splatejparty we arrived home atiout toe r^atm'to take her back as hisSpauldingMr. Stuart did not go In toeIstone—remember conversation at toe tea table or\butjhrf-eliATEST VIA tJLEKNJSTOWN.he when 1 Fanny, don'tthink he was notStuart was at Mr. Brown's partyat the result of his violence, the boatswain is supposedto have committed suicide, for about three hours af-terwards the mate and pilot heard a plunge into thewater, and, turning round, mLssed the boatswain you an undertaking which' has been [marked by the from tbe deck. About the same time the Eg- applause of toe universe. To tliis wonderful ac-presents sent to Mr. Joseph Turner by his mother on toat occasipn. or anyISundaynight,Igirls r Lizzie saidhim ;" because wc wouki not say we did not meet eventog wito some gentlemencards the; 1amnotsureas toAbout 5 o'clook yesterday afternoon, itww•>•think It was befJK wasljeforewehadtakenoffwbi^JlrJStfM^This alteration In tbe Bank ofcount was not known at all on the Stock Exchange,less several hours more. Tbe mato potot of think it waa E«)B after oui arrival i thtok Ur JaTaiO'Reillyestii.loss at 100 and Killed,lutesand Snicide oa Board an about ^(M) vioundcii. (.'en. Lamoi-icteiu: adds as fordo not remember whetnerIthat Mt.TurnerwastoerewhenMr.StuartwentawayMarch, IPOI,is not dead body. Ultimately the jury returned a verdict that Let toe .March of IMJl, or, if nc3ess;.ry, of February, summonedment posterity may pronounce upon this apparent and resources of our ships-of-war in generaL was to obviate the boatman's objectioa to carrying a Italian.s in arms, then alas for l.iaerty alas for It Jy her toat toe man;the deceased (whose name was said to be Hatch-way;Miss Spauldtognightupon Oaubauii's retirement as an evil for which nomala to blame,—not the King, not his responsibleadTiaerswhodidactaodarenowactingunderthe enginesareonlyof600horse-power, hercon- EnoraillieaaftheSlare^Trado. whois notacowardora Isouourside. togto thatsSomaertottog. herto her,sapnrdanIgt toenextmomtogThompson, but how inflicted did not appear.has been allotted to t^e Anadne, land slave,cressore of necessity,friendsandofficer*,whoseImpulseswereunfaillagiy sort,aliigateoftbesmallestschleascsa,ncasrtreyaimngwithgufunlsl FromtheWestAfrican;was at that moment thatcame to;whereas 800her to tell and she refused andreason for telling me :;26 Hrrati.At what rate of speed We are not at able to arrive at a correctthat she sbe iiad exo?l.aItaoryedSptaouatldt.soagtisfactorily tooughtfor bimdo ;es- .Mlofus,allofus,1say,stanuiorroundtoeglorious upright and generons,-4io one. In fact ; or. If any, one, only. we cannot as she had not been tried when timate of the presentbut we bave reason tielieve hero of Pales-trio, will strike toe last bl^w at toe;saysthatSpaulding, that evemoggratitude of toeir country.Riirrk wa« readlnc when I went to toerSim;;CcBsoisclosed tftfo^A for account.Spauldiigwhen he dont remember toat Mr. Burch broughtgot news£200,000.flreef-arigidquestioningwchad thtokwetiad ;aeSan optolon seem to doubt that there la much (louad Should the efflux of gold continue, it Is probable for suspicion of Mrs. Bcaca, public sympatoy Is withStuart to me k LOW whetoer Mr. Stuart klsaed UijsBank of France upon us. Our position Is likereadyFOURTHDAY—AiTERBOOsS«a9iOB.thongbt be obuich be aald be would *tw aittathat the amount of lowance, pays at " Lady Day " tbe rent that will notInarmnllT demanded has formed the stumbling-block due until Midsummer. But the sudden withdrawal Jut eoinplainanf- When my uncle came back, and saidto an amicable adjustment of our relations, and this of capital to a country where it is not yet due natu- nothing could be done, Mrs. Burch said to me, ' Is thtok cbarcbromB>«iKe4 at balrpaM two orthraiiiThe Times' City Article.;been depressed by numerous sales, partly of stocktoe Sickles matter—she said she it con- thought veryandstorks have beenifgotog.donottiiaina- 1 think it was over flfieaaand the Western Rail- toe way be did Greathertheheavily,ber the dress she lie made up between new plaid silkBank of was customers England to-day brisk, many;marketsl:ort bills were readily taken at 434* cent. ThereThem the Banks and other great financial establishmentsis ample. All long engagoments, however, ore stu- avoided.had ao ioa>- do not rememMr whether I saw Mrs. Bureh agato that eveoiag, orShe has been 120 miles the only question being, when ? It is reported that considerably Influenced by forced sales. In toe Mel- occupy his room, or eat at toe table wito herMr. ;toe library wtodow-gottSg was becaoeeSabkcubs.b has a large body of Tartars to oppose ushe had a pri- I was called after din-place;myunclecameintomyroom Mr.StuartatMrs.Kinsey'sweddinglliHihptbourne market, nuslness. on the and money plentiful.whole,;rneztThe undlmmishod.ner to witness a paper no;clrciMBatanca that fl|iBMlM|t4asAUSTALIA.;out toto toe hallwhetoer Boyd was tbaie woen Bhe retiuaed.the eneniv's killed andsiucr toestege but one to our national insurrection, and pro- pare ourselves to finlsli worthily the marveloos de-tion of which Providence has reserved for this fortu-send forwhat;do not recollectanyopentoe best while Mr. Burch went out, she handed Boyd a note to the ;when 1 went tosteamship Himalai/a. Capt.and said to me toere ;" I took the paper timeand toe slave shall show at lasttote when she had her tomgson" goshe said she deserved; '*Hamlet " was played ; retained bora taedealt about the deceased's head, face and bodysurgeon, who examined the remains, stated that death and you, who are the da-jghters of toe land of doty,had been caused by a fracture of the skull, produced mush have children who are noble and brave. Let to bum her letters 1 burned tfco.se tJia; 1the hero of the feels for the restoration of an absent member. Al- the evidence, that wben Keroax assaulted tbe de- timid doctrines be cas-t out fium anion;irt us. Prov- sent a letter to her husb.-mii byWednesday Mr. Stuart's hat and shawl In toe vcs'Jbule. and asked14.there were twe sheets of paper lying on toe table bouse ;the side of. Victor Kma.vdbl every quiurel shouM tell her bow he looktd gaveItolians of Caiatai'omi, Palermo, Voltumo, .\n- cona, t'astelfidardo and Isemi, every man of this;of New-Haven, from Rio Janeiro Oct. 13, reports thatwe came toeLittle Fall.s by Michigan Centralar- it was before dtonorM* w»J»S^ """X Smart ^iS £whenoutoftoeshefell inwiththebarli"rur- month or twoMr. Stuarthome at one o'cl«^k:Erie Railroad, 33<iM;Chicaco.CI:0SS-«3AMI-VATI0X OF KWS PANRY BI7B0B.•Prime's deato »' betog »po«n 'tTM—";To amis, all does no: find a inllllcn of;Illinois Central; Mr. Stuart came down stairs;f":,.f?„ed to Mr. Stoart s-ayeaw "'•--"-;•-,',;,„ her'to not think it suange toat'.whyshe told me toat she was offended atOorraapeadau. NarBavTLU, IIL, Thursday, Nov. t2, IMS.had told Mr.wedding ;tell himwill you 1" I asked her if she did not feel relieved when she confessed yes,Iafifectod. The final toe scandal as to Mr. Stuart and;sbo said toat she had beenwas trueother she told me that Mr. BurriU had hernot know? she said she didof course Mr. Stuart would not tell of one to tbe do not know wbeiber tbe servants were at home ttiatmaterially heavy to-3ay the parlor and saw Mr. Stuart with hi:, arm around herself at Learly two o'clock, after diaaar; saaforgotten begged;or what time she retomed any;;eoffwenidm hiMmr.;house that day;Mrs. Mis. Burch danced wito her brotoer;Burch told me toe next morning;had; it was a fiequent thing for ber lacliief that note, delivered to Mr. Stuart at toe CourUhouse change her dress and arrange her hairto the oiiddle of;be went down stairswo^ have he reeol- lectton of the ttiae the service accused; ItiMf ha«w;;he said you must do It, there is no one elsewit* hu&4. ; totokit wastoMr.Boica'a understood Mrs. Barcb to decline gotng- be- cause toere would be too nanrintoe rniilagy; 4auncle took up one, turned down all but one sey'smy impression is,we went thatI did not see Mr. Valenttoe write his name;wtodow,toatshecouldnotseehim;thatshewouldliketomeet chessIplayedbeforegoingin—fourorfive;AlbanyStuartUra. toere ; I thinksuppMorse.dBurca called to me and aald my uncle was to tooshe said Fanny, I believe Mr. Burch is going;have no circumstance to make me recollect it ;upto send mc away to-dayup, praying went to hid her good ii4fht, she t^aid,;back proiEife;;-'Miss;nesdayafterMr. Turner's deatoheard—she said Mr. Burch had said he could notMr. Burcbher toand she had sent fortold she wanted up town,;had and kissed herhimberdid notwas packing ner tiungs to go, she asked me should take all her ihtogs, aud asked if I toodgbt sbe had better take her jewelrv and her India shawls ? I;;tomk she took onlyme if she hadtoat it would be so pretty if she was ill;had forbidden any objection to kisstog;very pretty gay wrapper ;she sent toe skirt back because she could get a more fashionable one toback ?'' she said Mr. Burch had said he could notpromise to take her back on account of toe advice,of ent dress wben I returned, a wrapperspoke of Mr.the mtm served the,Mr. Miller told Burch bad not beenin toe habit of a confi- makmgshe was not under restratot during toe;do;she ate her meals to 1 toink she told rne toat one of toedont know what circumstances maxes me re- member toat she changed her dre.ss; it was uou.-ualher t>cuchaml)ernights she ha*' not sleptlet ol her hair and asked mc :o keep itaway;;;;for her to ch.ange her dress at that timehave known her to do so t)efore and sincemorning sbe told me toat Mr. Farnam came and sawme onand asked me to tf-1! licr what he s-aid .-mtlsummons, did not knowdid she should make a confidantI told her that 1 did not' beKeve Mary had Mrs. Burch said that Mary must have told it ;;;;;time^ us Mr.Jtom jmoi1remember that when 1*•you kikow, aunt, we do meet toklme that be Turner;Mrs. Burch .said once toat she;;intimacyMr. Joseph of;toe nextshe asked me:sawshe;think I such good dinner company, hot toat .Mr. Bt1erl'^hmdeidbnoowt was « gaaUeman thereshe asked how Mr. bttiart was of hisrived between twelve and one metMr. ;;;; ; ;I '" thiuk ""T^;;Stuartand his wife had not;. sca»<i?i too monto,whether ^;Mr. '^7do not know anvtolng about toe letter toiU lira.M;baggagewhaTInd OfTanaarroontothat was toe I sat np Mrs. Burcb had on a differ^;ro5LJ"a*'21^«.*K ishe was dant of me prevtousmyvisit to her house;family way ;;upmet Mr. bUuniJ^;she1 toink didtheMrs. Brown's; long Burch home fromtime,andlimewas home Day«tI hadnever:first i-aw Mr. 8ln^ jwatotiflwHra. BaichtoUmt waseoaiing: Viae SpauldIinwgent to Bareh went do^aMra.hist; dlrecdr the lihrarr whaa-I m^^totrodured by toe oomplalaant, but taatiw yielded to waive tbe (;aestloii.TcAfiMMycoiiuna.^—Idunotnm»mtinIhalgfc-•;door shutnot remember wben I looked oat of thedeortato ih»thatMrs. Burch In toe parlor evoefnhteorg ^thb^oat ofdtog ceremonybeen about 15 mmutes; 4Idi^ " know that Bush-street bridge was not built at UwtI twoast was after htehre tShtuaatrt,sbeand hsahde dpirdomlnaoetd like t ;; 1 remember Mr. Stuart's passing tbe mfraoym ten to fifteen minutesIw walktoga.« sittingattoewindowwhenbewltli atoat she would get Mr. Burch to write to toe young;;yotmg lady;ber how 1long playedshe said she would like to have Stoart to toe door and seeattoeandtoensenddownword thelibrary;;that Ubrary; tt was an hour or an hoiu and a half before I went latadonot know toat there was aat tttat;timelike It toat she did not rile w-ttohave been six to ten polkas the room;;;time that Mr. Burch sent tor him; do not remembernot remembershe said toat when Joseph was delirious toat he upliraidedBurcbMrs.Burchtoldme St^^f^dld?tup?itto^edasifithadbeenfoldedhearing at toatImpression Is be renamedmy .Hr. Burcboaywent down wito me after toe Icebe was not toereon^ Ubiar; forat .Mrs. Burch's house about tbe 19to ofDecember; am not positive; there is no circum- thtogs it was at toe bead of "toat enables me to fix toe time about at .><vracuteon his way East; Miss;tide to excuse mc because.»"'^ I ha) aachejoined at ofUarch; daySpaulding;; 1leftMr.Burch's forthe hou^;.wae playing;;we went oy Bnah-atraaC— do noitpurndemember that;;over toe Sabbath ;the dav I men- liome^e ^y^Im«t Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 