 6NEW YORK HERALD.NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, MARCH 29, 1860.-TBIPLB SHEET. ^WLtt^S^THW* *"**•«*»*»•-***"* *»"KM**? wnriia i nOO&DOI • ••••«*, ttiroi AMD nomam.mrrmpamitmM. • We<Jo»otThe report brooght by the BohesftUn thatWALLACE*!TOTLITBK,Broadway.—LAOsU EEEJiri THKATES, CM BAW»mtw s o w n * THIATME, Hams**—Havana Bvoaa.SEOADWATwcmxHM,***steamer, on private terms, said to be at about 94.TMeMewAboUtteeaDevelopenaewisiaCon- arress•.TMetr Danger tottoe !fertM.We have already called public attention t o the work of Mr. Spooner on "The Unconstitution- al! ty of Slavery," the fountain head from which Seward andalltheother black republican leaders bare drawn their political theories and programme, and which demonstrates, with ir- resistiblelogic,theobjectatwhichtheyarethese are destroyed, the developement of hu- manknowledge andtheprogressofmorals cease, for these are inseparable from the pro- gress of industry and of national wealth,THK LABOR MOVEMENT I N N E W EXOIANO.— We publish to-day a number of interesting let- ters from New England, describing th e pro- gress of the labor movement. Among the cor- respondencewillbefoundaletterfromHaver- bill. Mass., i n which i t i s stated that at that place the strike was discontinued o n the 25th instant,owingtowantofmaterialaid,andranceupoalight,valuablegoodswoulddoit TheyalsoreportedabillistoeptooeofoaeheretoforeBUT A NTS' MTWBTlBXi*, Miwaarrlna' Hall, fft Broadway-— Bvtuwucaa, Boaes, IUBCSS, AC.—WI Dona r BOB TBB HIMJ.mBLOm SALQOR. Broadwny.--ano. Caaarrrs Muc. -atBona*,DABOB*,A*,—TUBTOODLB*.XATTOBJAL COHOBRT BAXOOX, national TaeMr?.- Bosei D&BCBB, Bcu^Mtns, Ao.ing without anyamendment; and there seemsvery little doubt that they will pass. Thus theOSWUIDOWS:HALL, to t OAMSS, • —L—HATHandotherstreetstoWhitehallstreet,toSouthferry,nu teg, as yon will see, a road allthe way raved titat {•orticnoftbecitybelowCentral Park—a Tory aiet u rangemeat all around, and is one of the nrniwiatmim billsthattobookedtogothrough,withseveraletaerJobs.The raflroad bills that were reported complete, w«>r*immediately taken to the engrossing clerk's leeja, woa instructionstoalio*noneofthe reporter*toseathem— something that has not been done this winter with aay other bilisThe Committee on Cities and Villages also reported the Washington Heights bill, contrary to the express a§Ttfl ment of three members of to* committee, that par ties opposed to the bill aboaJd have a heariag before th e committee upoa that question. T w otheir delivery by carriers, one centInourcolumnsthismorningwillbefoundthe details of one of the most mournful calamities bythat uphold them:THBRESOLUTIONS.Whereas, The cbuttoiing of mankind and tbe holdingto the cause of labor. ItisworthyofremarkthattherepublicanWhatever effects may be made to give an ap-pearanceofunpremeditationtothearrange-mentsnowtranspiring,itisprettycertainthat portiontothetravel. Butifthesebillspass, they were long since secretly discussed andsettled\vithFrance.Delano, ing about the streets in a state of real or affected DueU,upon it Nodoubt the matter will be dis-internal affairs and control its own resources,Mr Gorerofferedtoefollowingreeoraqon thismorning ia regard to the blind, which was adopted—Resolved, That the Superintendent o f Public lastrne tion be. and be is hereby, directed to examine into th eafford time for an important witness to be present. The details are given elsewhere.We have received files of Kingston (Jamaicu)papers to the 10th instant. The Colonial Standardfaceofsuchadecisivemanifestationofthe the Territories is only the entering wedge of the natives of the soil. Thus the policy of the re- popular will of Italy, abandon its people to theimmigration to Jamaica has not had a fair trial, legislate on the subject" This is an India rub-ment has modified its view of this question, by lains w h o prowl about a l l large cities, Heights biU.and that the assurance and knowledge of the im-MatW T O R K L J E O I 8 L A T !prohibitpolygamy. Itisallverywellfora menthavebeenremoved,andthattherenow istrue,besenttoStateprisonforlife;but HallinMadisonsquare,NewYork. man,andparticularlyforamemberofCon- onlyremainstheconsiderationhowthePope weallknowhoweasyitistogetrascalsout Thebillrelativetoforeigninsurancecompanieswaaber limit, that can be stretched to any extent, temofimmigrationsale,beneficialandhumane, accordingtotherulesofinterpretationthatmayought to have inspired a better feeling and disarm- be adopted. Mr. Spooner gives the rules of inter- ed any conscientious man from indulging in a pretationunderwhichtheconstitution,aswellaster than their neighbors; and moreover, thatvotes of tbfc Savoyards themselves, ren- If this bill should pass, no man's life would beprovements in steady progress to render the sys-Bemsvte.AUAjrv, March » , 1888.groundlessandvain,frivolousandvexatiousoppo- sition."Thepapersareotherwisedevoidofinterest AdvicesfromBathurat,riverGambia,toFeb.5,state that Mr. Upton, the American Consul at that port,had'celebratedtheanniversaryofWashing- ton's birthday by giving a large party. A great fire had occurred a t Cay-Aye, river Gambia, by which large quantities of peanuts were destroyed. Nothing else of interest from that quarter.A lecture in part was delivered, and some Late. resting experiments made to detect adulterations of liquors, at the Cooper Institute, last evening, by Dr.HiramCox,ofOncJanati. ThemeetingwasMr.Blake'sresolution,carriesustothehabeas corpus,theliberationofeveryslave,andthe arming,organizinganddiscipliningofthene- groes as militia to protect the abolition courts.SewardhasgiventoSpoonerhisfulland unconditional endorsement of his theories and rules of interpretation, and Spooner now prints itontheverytitlepage ofbisbook. Inthis we here theexplanation of the reasonwhy Seward did not approve of John Browns pro- posed raid on Virginia, when Forbes communi-catedittohim. HesawthatBrownwas'afoolgress, to have friends to take care o f his repu-istobeprovidedfor.ThevoteoftheRomagna, andhowgenerouspardoningGovernorsareat orderedtoathirdreading.ssehighergrades,at prices given In,fees tts lstsf 3,903,000 bales,TbT— _ard a»d~Sake are idenwoeiwith theseo} tbe infamous "MeadsoffteWaota" intbtfit«fc National Assembly in 17W,aadwba houndedfsuffloieaUy practical. Pity askithe Sardinian government bad consented to the cheapest things going. What is wanted iscede Nice and Savoy to France by a special a law like that drafted by the Counsel to thesame perod in ISM ,2,M1,000 • 18*7. Thesametimenavebeen*VM,888bales,against1*11*8 onthenegroesofStDomingototherevolu-treaty,willtakenoonebysurprise. Not- withstanding t h e seeming seriousness of tbe diplomatic controversy between the two gov- ernments, there were good reasonsforbe- lieving that Its gravity was more ostensible than real, and that they were n o t as remoteCorporation, giving tbe Common Couacll t b epower to regulate thetenant beissa, Thatsimple bill ought to pass. The other, in which areinsertedthenamesofvariouspersons—ar-chitect*, sad so on—is a humbug, and ought to The lobbies beamed.in 'M0,1 417,00* in 1*68, and 1,*44,0M ia IttT. I k estock oa hand embraced 1,0*0,000 bales, sfeiast 874,000in 1860,800,000 in ISM, end 898,000 in 1867. T h e flour Against such a fate the South must unite. They•BS**•*»trasvss*nsACBj*WWaB^J B^IS^BBMJBBBBSBMMsssaBSBBVtsan*TM**BneasB^w^-^^^^^^»j must,erento-day,seektobeindustriallyaadsteady,withsalesofBOWmessatUT8TatSIS,endof England to-dayU cotton-bound tothe slave newprimeat914SBa914SB.Sugarsweresteadyand StatesofthisUnion;aadtheindustry,com- active, wtth Bales of abtnrt 1,000 hbds., 2,00* boxes, and merce and wealth of the northern nations hang 1,200 bads, me'adj,at rates given la another place.Tuscany,wasputforwardleasfromtbeappre- hensionofgivingSardiniatooformidablean extent o f territory, than ae a makeweight tobeeninusemanyyears,and navesavedmany livesaadmuchproperty.Thepresidentofone of our insurance companies (see correspon- dence elsewhere) has seat to tbe Barings for a modeloftheescapewhichisusedbytheLon- don Fire Brigade, and Its arrival may be e x - pectedwithinafewdays.Themovementisa very creditable one, and we suggest to the in- surance offices that the eseapes should be placed, as in London, under tbe charge of a special force of reliable men, charged especially with the duty o f saving lives and property. Tbe firemen have enough to do in their own work of fighting the flames. Tbe insurance companiescouldaffordtopaytheexpenseof the brigade twice over. The saving of insu-se-aarlaBBSwas-flrm,wubfa'es of 1,000 bass B io at privateupon the cotton, sugar, coffee and tobacco pro- duced by a few millions of slaves in America.the annexation of Savoy.France has in realitythe• 7The onJy60bagsJavaatloc,and100do.MaracalbeatIS**a ............••.»« lie. freights wire engaged to a fair extentnothing tofearfromtheaugmentationofAnnihilate these, and a deadly blow is struck strength which tbe addition o f Tuscany woulda«theblUi,jathedroplagofaaad Ihsaddiuoa of several others The <mlj caaageplace,istheadditteofafe« they eaa hare Iketrack la the rich placers supposed U be io Georgelaw,itseems,hasaeompBahodoae thlag ia h*aad that a t e Bares Ms BBS t e g m after charter e r the Mash Araasetroubled him so moot ia the past The six bills heretofore ooastoered, were reportedpiete, aad ordered to a third readlag without theand nays being called. The other, or Niala Ave- no* bill, was reported favorably b y ttsand its passage reeommeaded, which was referred s» the riBBBiSli i of the whets. Thus has been allies •aether gridiron to the ate, making seven ia aHatthewholefabricofcommercialcredit tnbulfc.stod. n5>fd.,and9,000do. In sbto's bags,par and industrial wealth o f the world When__, Ac—Dow* IH ALA foundation o f Mr. Spooner a argument, andMBWAftK THSATBK. Newark.—WOOD* HIBSTBSI* m point conclusively to the aim of it.them may last. Scarcely any of them can haveresources oftheir own from the miserablepittances they receive from their employers. monarchs demanding a separation, she wouldiron and the interests of the six small gridirons wouldseemtohavebeenbroughtaboutbythe embodiment of Law's Ninth Avenue bill with the others.By this outrageous job the city will be rob- bed of an annual income o f several millions, which should be devoted to the expenses of the government, nearly all o f which, with an eco- nomical disbursement, that sum would cover, if the corporate authorities had the right to layJiHior»j Hoaue, DAJ»OB», ACTRIPLE SHEET.Mew York, ThnndAf, Ifarch »9,18GG.Ttae Sews.The bill granting an increase of pay to officersof the navyfinallypassed the Senate yesterday.Everything is referred back to the "natural rights" of the individual man before he congre- gated in society, and laws and constitutions are tried by that test. Under it Mr. Spooner claims that contracts of government or con-or asto thesignificance, of the terms marked should never be so interpreted. He then ap- grate among them and receive a liv by inverted commas. If Sardinia had any-this movement is the invitation from South- stitutions cannot infringe -'natural rights,'' and ern communities to the strikers to emi-plies the legal rules of interpretation to the iDg remuneration for their labor, whichconstitution of the United States, and in every is denied them a t t h e North—the mostthingtofearfromLouisNapoleonforherac-downtbetracksaBdlicensecompaniestorunor three of themembers have receivedletNothingebeofspecialimportanceoccupiedthe pageshowsthathisobjectisthedestruction, effectual rebuke which could be offeredattention of that body. In the House the conside- through the process of law, o f the entire social to Northern fanaticism, which seeks t o over-ration of the bill suppressing polygamy in the organization of the slave States. The denial throw the institutions of the South. It willceptance of the Tuscan territory, she would not besoreadytoapplytheprincipleofthepteoisa- tum to one of her own provinces. But in being preparedto accept any manifestation, "however slight,"sheshowedthatherunderstanding with France w a s complete, otherwise s h etors from persons holding property h i that tocalitv thecars,astheydotheomnibusesundertheaskingtbemtogobeforetheTirttrraadopposeit,net presentsystem. ArailroadonBroadwayalone thussmugglingarrangementofto*eornmittoa.nsatran'totheir own promises, has prevented them, n e v e never could be made to retujn the city treasury be- was a committee in any legjahrtaro that hen aa completelyproved themselves the mere tools of a corrupt aad rape tween sixty and seventy thousand dollars a clous lobby and hungry speculators as the majority of too year,andleaveahandsomeprofittothecom-CcmmitteeonCrtiesandVillages.IdentwonderTerritories was resumed, which finally gave way tooftherepublicanleadersthatthisistheirob- aleobeseenthatatNewOrleansamovementofpersonsaapropertyarecontrarytonaturaljustice journalsandrepublicanleaders,whiletheyshed firethatwehaveeverbeen.calledupontochroni- and thefundamental principlesofourpolitical system, crocodiletearsfortheimaginarywoesofhappyas they undoubtedly will, this overtaxed city willbedeprivedofallbenefitsarisingfromtheinthecommitteewhenthebill'cle—a calamity by which ten persons were hurried and are notoriously a reproach to our country throughtountimelygraves.Fromtneevidencebeforethe outthecivilizedworld,andaserioushindrancetotne blacksathousandmilesaway,havenosym-could not, therefore, have been a quorum iProgress was reported on thePro Bala bill in torSenate to-day, as everybody aanpoasd that a i TheSchuyler Countybill*progress of republican liberty throughout the nations of Coroneritappearsthatafireoriginated underthe theearth;Uwrerefore. BBBssw **staircase of the tenement house No. 90 West Forty- Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and the same arehereby, instructed toinquireintotheex-pathywiththesufferinghumanityof thewhitecityrailroads, the immense profits of which, that the feeling ef theSavoyards is almost amounting to millions per annum, will berace, including women and children, at their fifth street at an early boor yesterday morning. pediency o f reporting a bill giving freedom t o every own doors. They are opposed to the cause of Theonlymodesofexitfromthebuildingwere humanbeing,andinterdictingslaverywhereverCongress whitelabor,anddonotwishtoseetheoperativeIt has been stated in the English Parliamentthroughthehallwayandthescuttleontheroof. TherewasnoladderbywhichthisSeattlecouldbe reached, wlfle the burning stairway prevented all escape in that direction. The jury in their verdictstronglycensuretheownerofthebuildingfornothaving provided a ladder to the scuttle, and giveitastheiropinionthat this calamitous lossoflifewastheresultofthatnegligence.There is much excitement in the public mind re-garding this unfortunate event, and all sorts ofrumors are afloat as to the origin of the fire. AMr. Redman, who occupied a store in the premises,was arrested by the police, who found him wander- Curtis.lunacy. Edgertoa, Edwards,Thepreliminaryexaminationintothemyste- Eliot,fireringers in the city of Mew York. Ieaa',ingivingBBSramlntjiakttre-yesterday,inreaardto the been adopted yesterday' but called up to day,rejected by yens 12, nays 18. It therefore\ooks a s ightbeSenatedidnotintendtoinvestigateto*mat -atleastsuchseemstobethesurfaceofto*question,has tbe constitutional power to legislate on the subject ratvorsmFAVOKorTABRKJJOLUTIONB.lous incorporators.Theymanagethesethings more honestlyin England. It will be seen from the proceedingsbody,amongwhichisto*billtoauthorisetheelectionofHoard, Humphrey,Hutciuos, KeOBft of MichLeeohofhtich., Lee,Lorejey. MoKeaa, Merrill.OhA,Painter,Patter,Pottle,Bice,Sedgwick, Sherman, Semes. Spaaldiat, Stewart ef Peon., Tsstmn,Gurtoy, Wells, Bale, Windooi. Helmick,HerewehavetheendorsementofsixtyblackAdamsor.Mass,, AJdjtcb.than to Piedmont by reason of their geographi-cal position and language, and in a commercial of the Liverpool Town Council, which we pub-Alley, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Braytoo, Bufllnton,moneyed corporations; and this is the case withtheAnti-SlaverySocietyofEngland. LordBrougham,forexample,whoistheforemostoftheabolitionists,haseverbeentheuncom-promisingenemyoftheinterestsofthework-ingman, if his skin happened to be white, andis notoriously opposed to the progress of re-form and all liberal measures for the masses ofthe people. I n republican Massachusetts,niggerscanvotewithoutlimit,whilewhitemen,though naturalized citizens, cannot vote i f creetly managed, and will realize somethinglishto-day,thatanAmericanhasproposedtoBortingame, Burroughs, . ButterfleW, Carey, Carter, Ctfax, Omklmg,fore,thepopularvotecomestobetakeninandruncarsontheNewYorkplan;butin-sonofferedtberesolution;thatto,adesaecra arepublicanofferedtheresolution,which,ifa wasBy,Fanswerth,Foster,Frank,Gooch, WashburnofWis. Grow, Washburn*of111..bany lobby in Lancashire, and that makes a l l PendingtheresultoftheSavoyvote,that tbedifference.struction of the Bund in all its department*, tbe ojualin cations. character aad disposition o f the Superintendent thereof,andtomaketavestigationsiatbeallegedgrto vanees of pupils now or heretofore connected with theas well as a fanatic, and that his bloody treason•T^Hc*T!*,rt^,8ocl^^Maspe<5Wmeet- woulddefeattheobjectbothofthemhadin ofUfc.hhaveproventhemselvesunworthyandrather thiol, attended.? * ^ r « ^ w a . tr^saactei The society ad- sense o f danger. Spooner proposed a safer have Congress repeal so much of the organic plan—obtain • Congressional majority and act as provides for an elective Legislature, and• e t jester - get into the White House, and then apply the transfer the power o f local legislation t o a beinterestcamebeforemom.FVom^wi-H.rulesofinterpretation,protectedbythearmycouncilofthirteen,tobeappointedbythePre- statement submitted, It appears that the number of and navy o f the federal government Even sident Hereby not only polygamy, and manytain.necessary that he should main-The motion was lost.Bill was again made the special order for FnAeyday afternoon, but noof thelanded here since the •839, which makes the whole number since last I V Seward, and he foresees that if the end is made Congress, but anything else that did not squarerural districts has been a series o f continued blunders when applied to the city of New York, of which they know little or nothing. A s they cannot do us any good, wo home they will n o t do us any further harm, and that if tbe Legisla- ture is bent on passing a bill to abolish capital punishment, they will exempt New York city fromitsoperation.NATURAL IJWTINCT.—The black republican* of *he New York Legislature have a bill before them to " remove the rocks at the entrance ofixaaav, March SB, 1888.B the MBfrom an futere uabil- of a DTonapkias, Treia, Vaadever, Waldron, Walton,they were born in a foreign land; it is neces-sary not only that they should be citizens of theUnitedStates,afteraresidenceoffiveyears,the utmost time required in any other State,buttheymustbesevenyearsinthecountry.In RomagnarendersitthemoreeasyforLouis hasbeenintroducedintotheLegislatureto totheLegislatureforthwith.Tbe Grinding Committee reported fifty two btttothto severalStatesaresidenceofevenoneyearen- NapoleonandVictorEmanueltocarryout abolishcapitalpunishment,andwearesorry morning,oneofwhichwastheSanitarybillforMewtitles the foreigner to vote who has declared his their compact. Although a parade has been York, prevtouery noticed. Mr Webster moved to strike tosayit has passed the Assembly. All tbethatfromthereportoftheoommrttee lest.intention to become a citizen ; but Massa- made of the instructions sent to the French burglars, garroters, and other criminals who The Albany and Susquehanna Appropriation billw astion, massacre and ruin that swept that fakisland from the fenafly of civilised Mthwe.givetoSardinia,forthepoliticalandcommer- cial interests of the two countries must ever be identical. The French Emperor merely made ashowofexceptingitfromtheunionofStates about to be effected under the sway of Victor Emanuel, in order to conciliatethe other Powers and render more feasible h is designs upon Savoy. If he is compelledby the popular vote of TusCany to yield assent to its annexation to Piedmont, he will be enabled to plead the same violence done to his declara- tions in regard to th e territory which h ecovets. H e has promised t o refer the latterquestion t o the opinion of the great Powers;but, as in the case of the treaty of Villafraacs, THIRD READING.—The whole batch o f railroad avenue sad Fifty-ninth street, along lento aveaee toitwillnotbehisfaultifeventsshouldantici- Twelfthstreet,throughaadalongTwelfthstreet,a*u gridirons were reported complete in the As- both West as* Greenwich streets, with single tracks, to IA—ttwiuPunk. patethenecessityofbisconsultingthematall.semblyyesterday,andorderedtoathirdread-theBatteryplacetoStatestreet,alongStatswWbJtofcall,theeBBBSyssesSitoliverpoolwere18,00*.—FtSaBBO—TotTM all arriving.To day w e give further extracts from t h e—— ^ ^— — — •n i l S B iiintroduced, aulborhuag Charles W. DSIBBB. Jshs Buuer, Robert B . Van Valkerburg, John A . Geek, Jamas C Kennedy, Thos C Dnrant, Benjamin F. Brace, to cos',—THIPlORBB samework,whichhasbeeninthecourseof publicationforthelastfifteenyears,andtothefactofsomeofthestrikershavinggoneTHBATBB PSA1ICAIB. S96 Broadway —Li J o n DI LA which ia'now the handbook of all the republi- to work. This was to be expected. The capi-M iarighttohersubjectsdwellingontheotherside of the Alps. However great th e regret sh e might feel a t the cradle o f the Piedmontesecan leader?. Some of them hare denied this fact, and most o f them disclaim the idea o f aiming at the emancipation of the negro slavesLatheSouth,andtheiradmissiontopolitical and social equality, through the operation of the habeas corpus, protected by the militaryforce of thefederal government. The ex-tracts which we give to-day embrace the wholetalist can always hold out longer than thelaborer; and though he is severely punished inthe loss o f his profits for the time being, andsometimes in the permanent loss o f his cus-All this was to be inferred from Count Cavour'slast despatch. The writer declares that, at the moment when Sardinia claims fo r theinhabitantsofCentralItalytherighttodis-alongWhitehall to South ferry; retum'ag through aadalongWhitehalltouseintersectionwithSteleatroat,ais*,' the intersection o f Kttiy ninth street, aloag Fif J ninthstreettoFirstavenue,coalition of Law and Weed against the rights,privilegesandfranchisesofthecityofNew thirdstreettoaveaeeA,alongaveaeeA,withadoabletrack, to Fourteenth street, along TYnrtiealh shreV to Yorkappears complete, andprettycertainof avenoeP,alongavenueDtoHoustonstreet, alongtfoos- toa to afaogin street, along ktaagtn to GraLd street, a oagbetweentheinterestsofLaw's mammothgrid- alorg Sooth to Montgomery, aloag MMtgeaer/tomers, he is never coerced by destitution tosuccumb to thedemands of theoperatives. poseoftheirdestiny,sheexposesherselftothecharge of inconsistency if she denies t h e samereaching a successful issue. The compromise Grand to Oorlears street, thence to South streetSome of the letters show that in other locali- ties the strikers have been successful.not refuse to recognise the weight o f a mani- festation, "however slight,*' i f made i n confor- mity with t h e prescriptions o f the SardinianAmong th e most curious developements in Parliament. There can be no misunderstand-ing as to the true meaning of these declarations,a discussion on the Army Appropriation bill, which ject received a direct and irrefutable contra- is being set on foot to send relief to the distress-was reported to the House with an amendment.ThesectionintheSenateamendmenttothePost dictionintheHouse ofRepresentativesat edfactoryhands,andthestrongestsympathy would notbe ready to grasp atany ridedailybetweentheParkandFourteenth m:uee. AllittowantedforthemtoconsenttoreportaWashington yesterday, by thepresentationof is expressed for them. Whatever sympathy print on their papers the date when subscriptions the preamble and resolution o f Mr. Blake, o f and relief may be afforded will not be greaterempirewasstrickenoutbytheHouse.Anamend- Ohio,anditsendorsementbyalargemajority thanisneededanddeserved. Itcanonlybe mentwasthenpassedmaking thecharge forthe of the black republican members of that extremenecessitythatcompelssomanywomen receptionofdroplettersincitiesandtowns,and body. Herearethedoctrinesandthenames toappearinpublic,andlendtheircountenancebill is,tohave certainmembersoftoelobby,withWeedat pretext,nomatterhowtrivial,forceding streetinomnibusesatarateotsixcents. theirside,tecaliuponthemandStoat©no*grantedOfficebillaliowingpublishersofnewspaperstounanimouslyaversetoannexation;buttherearestronggroundsfordoubtingthisassertion. sympathiesareallwiththecapitalistand the TheyhaveagreaternationalaffinitytoFranceenjoyed b y a parcel of hungry and unscrupu- ments Several other bills were passed finally b y thatclassobtainpricesbywhichtheycanlive.Theirrious and bloody tragedy on board the oyster•loopK.A.Johnsonwascommencedyesterdaybefore Mr. Commissioner White, and the accusedprisoner—Hicks, aliasJohnson—was stronglyidentified as having been the mate en board thatvessel The details of the condition of the sloopleavenodoubtbutthatthemurders werecommit-ted on board. The report of the proceedingsand incidents connected with the sad affair arepublishedinthisda}'sHKKALD. erstheoryofnaturaljusticeandofthefunda-haschangeditsconstitution,andinsistsuponaannexation,nobodybelievedintheintentionscuttingtheirvictims'throatsandknockingeider,aadthatmotionhadonto*tabletowthepresent,mental principles o f our political system. I t residence of seven years—two years longer than by yeas, 87, nays, 80. fhey will, therefore, have aaether expressed in them. The French Emperor knew tbem on tbe head, seeing that tb e punishment chance at it.TbeAssemblywasengagedfornearlytwohoursthis willnotbemuch,ifany,greaterthanfprrob-eveningfilibusteringontoecalloftheBouse,aadoaabery. motionMadjourn,therehavingbeenamorningandaa afternoon session, many of the members being inlignnnt Thisbillissupportedbytwoclassesof atthecanoftheHousebecausetheywerenetthereat men—one the humanitarians, whose false phi- the very minute, a s a a act of revenge kept makiagmotionstoadjournandtolaybill*on thetable,sad call lanthropyisadisease,andtheotherthemur- tagto*yeasaadnays,Utreugboottheentireeveningseederers, highway robbers, and Dead Rabbits, BtSBV.The Committee on Engrossed Bills reported a number ofand housebreakers, and gamblers, who a r e bills, among which were three of the gridirons, reported thismorningas beingrandyfor a third reading.Theeither present in person in thelobby at the other three areall engrossed, but a portionof the com State Capitol, or are represented by active and mittee refused to report them. Three or fear bilto werereadthethird time, whentoemotion toadjournwascar - worthy agents. It is all very well for members 'tad. _great fallacy which they wish to drive to its publicans is to deify the nigger and opposehead,andsunderthisUnion in civil war,fra- boththeinterestsandthelibertiesofthepoor previousconduct,orwiththereadyconcessionsternal bloodshed, anduniversal anarchy. The resolutionof Mr.Blake isguardedwithalikeworkingman with a skin colored like their own. made to him by Sardinia in regard to Savoy.of that date discusses the colonization project a t somelength.SomuchinneedoflaborersLsthatflimsypretence.Althoughinhispreamblehetobedragoonedintothecessionofthatterri- ories of capital punishment; but if morning. Thebill wasopposed byMessrs. Spteota, notwithstanding some forcible facts thatare of Congress overit.byaskingforitsinterdie inCongress,"indubbinghim"Reverend,"'and tory. The statementthattheEnglish govern- they lived in close proximity to the vil- MaaaierreaadCwvta.brought to bear on that question. It thinks -Chinese tion -'wherever Congress has the power t o assure us that he does n o t belong to that race roe committee have aleo reported t h e Waahiagteenow the developement has come too soon for other naughty things, might be prohibited bySeveralaltowing debtor* to free ties to creditors b y ecomber 6,506. The apparent balance in favor ofthe Commissioners is now $14,189 TO. *»* J » t subdued b y a fanatical mania, a majority of the members of Congress, might street, where a house occupied b y several indi-*°° ie^aable, the good sense o f tbe country, with the Ideas, of the President, or the views ofThe supply of beef cattle was large and the mar TM J**01* Mains* the proposal, and drive him he brought t o the grindstone. Bath of these gent families was burned at an early hour yes-ket heavy, except for first class ofmrtngs, whichvet* better, and sold at 10|c. a He. Cows plenty, a n dullandnominal. Vealswerealsoplenty,dullandt y i 1 ftof* t h e political power they bills involve the dangerous principle of Con-. terday morning, and two women aad eight chil-,«.48esheepandlambs,and4,993swine. 04toa market yesterday was steady, especially fortheirargumentswithThis shows which way tbe party in tends t o travel-certainly n o t towards t b espeechIntheT atIS toIt.Swine vativefearsoftheMBrecentpalliating to lull the conser-greesional legislation in municipal matters, and J dren perished.are therefore both wrong. If Mr. Noell'sl Whenwereflectthatthis lossof life,tosayBatas foUows:-3,208 beef cattle, 174 cows, 1,06* ments among hiswill see that he goes a long step farther thanJ^,!!TM * does Mr. Nelson in Congressional usurpation. cape, to be attached to each bouse that con-plenty, dnO, and 4 c lever.The receiptsvented by tbe adoption o f a suitable fire es- fconW^TM?** Buthe probably knewwhat hewasaboutia tainstwoormorefamilies,wecannothelpbe-follower-er, show that tbe South s s m ^ T ! ^ ^ 0 0 * -^mHl"»as)develo1p09e-tation; but we opine, in view of tbe fact that of course, knocks in th e head the plan of the Mr.Noellhas beensmartenoughtogetintoSardinian Vicariate,andthePontiffislefttothe expense of the lives, limbs and property of thecitizensoftheStateoverwhichtheypre-SOLS PJLSSSDTo incorporate the American Zoological SocietyOftt»l Italr . | body pities these poor people, but thaUwhile the higher quattks were laman* tad saleable at previous rates,demand was from the domestic trade,heavy,andsafe*limited. Corawasheavyforqualities of mixed and yellow, wbito good wnaewssirm, the North o f America, b u t o f Europe also.wtthjsalesmadefoeexpertatT*e.aSBcParkwas iaM.Thouvenel'sprogrammeinrespecttothepurpose.ButinLondonfireescapeshave fcjachief commercially ^dependant « f a community that pursues them to destruction. Here is the dangerfortbe North, and not alonefarhalf a essn NoaouUtaeyfrom an understanding as they would leadthe world to suppose. Tbe exception madeThen we want a food fire escape; several have been shown here, and they may answerDUka, BTSpkBBB, *-W*4r oeaporttoeofthelobbyThey, on the contrary, can only hold out solongasthesubscriptionsraisedtosustain totoejunctionofFirststreetwithSouth,alongfataaway "thecrndle o f her monarchs." There-portthatsincethisdespatchwaswrittenshe rideincarsatafareofthreecents;andbyituttDBtobeanaturalpropensityoftheChairmanto holdoutallmannerofinducement*topert*sinterestedto* they shall be heard; but before any person it aware that thesubjectistobeconsideredbythem,thebillisreported. This kind o f complaint* has been mad< and againhasagreed toatreatycession,altersinnore-specttheimpressioncreatedbythesefacts. tbepriceofthelicense,thecitywonldreceivesensetheywould bebenefitted immenselybyO FTHEPROGRESS ALBANY—THESIXGRIDIRONSORDEREDTOAstreetaraflrosd,oommeaonigatthelatsreacUsaefTeamtheir absorption by the former. When, there- that body to lay down tracks through the city, but the whole secret oftoe matter ia.that tieSavoy, we believe it will be found to be largelymore than the "slight manifestation" to which Count Cavour's significant language points.as well as the city o f Liverpool under a mo- narchy?Tbeansweris,thattheyhavenoAl-conditionandmanagementoftoeInstitutionforthelataken in the Central Italian States and in tbeABOLITIONOKCAPITALPUNISHMENT.—Abillinstitution,andtoreporttheresultofsuchtaTeengabenrepublicanmembersofCongresstoMr.Spoon- chusetts,undertheinfluenceofrepublicanism, troopsinLombardy,contingentuponTuscan readthethirdtimethismorning,andtost—yeas,ST; infest New York city, will have a fine time nays, 61. The motion was afterwards made to receaThe examination of the Chinaman Ya-ma, or Jsckalow,thesupposedmurdererofCaptainLeetshowsconclusivelythatalltheirtalkaboutanyotherStaterequires,andtwoyearslongerbeforehandwhattheunanimityoftheTuscan andbrother,ontheoystersloopSpray,wascom- onlywishingtoexcludeslaveryfromtheTerri- thanthelawsofCongresshavefixedas*the votewouldbe.andhemerelythrewoutthis menced yesterday before United States Commis- tories is nothing but a flimsy disguise thrown term of probation after which patriotic emi- threat to cover his position vis a vis of the sioner Vroom, at Jersey City. After considerable over their real designs; and that the effort to grants of good character may become citizens other Continental Powers. That he will, in the interestingtestimonyhadbeentaken,theexamina- obtainCongressional action againstslaveryin oftheUnitedStates,andonperfectfootingwithtionwaspostponeduntilto-morrow,inordertovengeance of Austria, is not consistent with hisIf Victor Emanuel h a d a n y reason t o b ePOLYuAMTINCONGRESS.—Someofthefriendslievethatsuchwouldbethecase,itis fromtheruraldistricts,wherecrimeiscompa- TheSenatehadundernoasfclsnitinatheMetoopsBtaaof Mr. Noell think we have done him an injus- Police bill tote evening. Some thirteen out of theeeveaty-colony that the Standard Is unwilling to admit the sweepiDgly condemns the institution of slavery,reasoning of the opponents of coolie immigration, he assumes to limit the exercise of the power tice in a recent article on "Moral Legislation ported, aad it was made toe special order for Fridaylbprovideforthemorecertainpuntobmaatoffmads Congress,*that he is perfectly able to "hee his assert his rights after the best manner that he side. After men are hanged there is no danger by bunkers aad trustees.own row " while there, without assistance fromofficiousfriends. Asfortherespectivebillsoff whichhethreatenstolaunch againsttheKingand the chances are a t least even that after a short time he will find himself a t large, ready to stab to the heart or shoot through the head another victim. W e trust the Senate will throw out this infamous bill by such a large majority aswillamounttoavoteofcensureuponthe membersoftheotherhouse,who,intheirmaud-2Stol. TheProRatabill,aspennedbytoeAssembly.'up, and after a very brief discussion, progreai ported.Tbe biUto amend the Metropolitan Pohce act we* l np this evening. ofMr. Lawman moved to accept theFbjshing and Newtown from the district. Lost M _Thebinwasopposed byMr.BBBBOtoanddefendedbyMr. M i o m u moved to strike out the! tion,whichprovide*thatpromotionsshellboiMr.NoellandMr.Nelson,wecomprehendthem perfectly. Mr. Nelson wishes, in the intensity of his moral impulses, merely to prohibit po- lygamyinUtah:Mr.Noellwouldgostillfur- ther. He proceeds on the idea that the peopleof Sardinia will fail to awaken the least feeling of remorse or terror in the breast of that hard- hearted and hard-headed son of the Church. The best thing that the Holy Father can do is to accept the facts that h e cannot alter, and trusttotbegoodfeelingoftheCatholicsove-lin, morbid sympathy forcriminals, and in- the, next lowestinrank Betoough ^^evetdB«rtM«»a^om«ryHall.Nobusinessview,byawakeningthecountrytoosoontotheincapableofself-government,andsohewouldheconsidersit tenseanxietytosavetheirpreciousnecks,wonldbetttobestjudge*aatowhsvfriends will look at the matter properly, theynothing of movable property, might b e pre-UntitlHellgate."ed DocumentRAILROADSWINDLES A Tthat Mr+srs. Collins and Law state that they should sea pany besides. Forty thousand persons n o w sioer tbemselres disgraced to agate sit with them to earnBut the worst of the whole matter to, bat a verv Three times that number would, undoubtedly, few of the bills are ever osnsadered ia the eamsstotoelevying, say two mills for every passenger, asan income of $240 a day, or about $70,000 a thai aession, and still the Chairmaa of committee goesonintbesameway.TherecouldnothaveIyear—and thus with all the other roads, in pro-over three members of the committee present whan they agreedtoreporttbebillyesterday. Oneofthei wassickandtwooftbemwereontbeGrindingitee, and One other denies point blank of istead of going to the Imperial Parliament toadopted, would give, under parliamentary rales, theChairman of the Committee to a democrat instead of a in favor of the project France and Sardinia lobby his scheme through, he is obliged to a p - republican Hence thefmotion was voted down.must be well assured of the fact, or they wouldply to the local government for a license. WhyMr. Cooper offered similar resolutions In the House tins morning, which were told over under the rules There will doubtless be an investigating committee appointed onshould not a great city like New York, under anot allow their other arrangements t o hinge republican government, be able to conduct its tbe subject some Umebefore the close of the sessionplainthathewouldnotsufferhimselfrativelyrare,tospeculateabouttheirthe-foursectionsweregonethroughwith.Progresswasre-of Soribes and Pharisees who claim to be bet- agreeing that the matter shall b e left to the they would entertain a very different opinion.wehavemisapprehendedhisbillinrelationto ders it, we think, conclusive thatall safe. Robbersandrowdieswillruletheroastthe Territories, and that it was the Rev. Mr. Nel-son, of Tennessee, who reported the bill to tbe main difficulties of the Italian settle- forthey may kill with impunity. They may,it Petitions were presented for the taoatioa of the Qtycan. We fear that the ecclesiastical thunders of pardon; but send a murderer to State prison, To locals the Behayler county buildings at Havana, by|eignsforaprovision befittingthestatewhichTHE LAST TENANT House MASSACRE.—We are* obliged to add still another to the chapter of horrors of which the week has been so fruit- ful. Notwithstanding t h e dreadful warning given by tbe Elm 'Street fire, w e have close upon i t s heels a conflagration I n Forty-fifthSavings Bank biU wa* ordered to a thirdhave no thought or consideration for the manyinnocent lives which would be cut short by theblood-Btaiued proteges of the New York As- sembly.Thelegislationofmembersfromtbe My.PUS 8FBCIAX AXBA»r DBS*ATOM.- t o i ^double track, to Twenty thirl street, thence along'tweutr framing his bill.ing surprised at the negligence of tbe autbori- I ties, who should compel tbe owners o fstand at bbfAtoo.the Brooklyn aad BroadwayThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069these 1 White House.of biltowww.fultonhistory.com 