 K harsh- er! iadift- jjinparty,, put yearation of *t*d iijb» sentence eject* ia iu Great Nice, Mr. *ted th** >ew read- si quoted but sup-pi-ars fcfaifloft*o ssg*.noed*. ao m d never- •t-»->'d en Eke very n* to see, it ibe mis- telibecate,><ct to th'-s number'of n here sl- it: " fTe en. * rfwiK< 'unptot*tu>* ne resvU." ; i nun*tent in view of nod of the e as foToi- * excellent Mi and fo4-tr opiuien rs of the •wego and object oar. t it cannot prominent . tAecerd- ated. 0& r career at Jepublibaaswa[AJPH,5. 1860. d»-a:o« the »see to the Yid&y last, QState* in brtuaately lit. a close what wasaL I quote»» *f Korthen rJ Admtniiar*. e«-rf i-K>««cy. >!» w w u i j tbe HfctBcnwia *>• Sp.'ouer BbebiiT.'i v. &:" U « T - 7 k>dp«w« of n.i3u;;ww wlfl K>i»4>ty bo e x -»*:ti -»n h** f-n. rf'ttw Uectortt ? xideai, &a4 •on* fl*»t. ted that* any at the of disunion,, urroundisgAn offioial erland Co*, otse so sicktneir iateu- ta*t there land.' It i» mcey is to ith a view, Hi views in that Or..reflection i way is ex-~ 25, I860.> of oar (r»T-Heen t-tmi- iiu aia-ow*showing thattil* CeVtftMlinra*, bub the ring attempts» British reoi-adv»**tQ.rOnsjr, in the re- •iendly to his be* wereunib- tJCitUSttbe ra- tline they are > Sr. Moliue, *s, and by Sr.pt. 25, I860. * ><>cie'-y opened i/'i-aoii entries p to t'-irt tisae. from all parts »nutiued opesJohn Geary, kford, aocom-;pet limit with ^muiodtuuoe, gaud lodging suraionticketslions,pt. 25, J 860. icx have nomi- ongreea.# Kepnblkaasin-(j nominatedWW.pt. 25,18G0.t to-day aomi- .Coogrees, and or.Bhosdale, wsK rof theWest-I: hare retorasd leorKe Bte*eey# LA Weymoaw,VAN IMPORTANT DEMONSTRATION. BL,8.AT.I^TABADWAY.ameaitu a band ofMr. W. R. BEEBE asked if.the room was to be made clartdthat, "in conformity witb t'o*t decision,-elaves ?iders were to be confined to members and reporters.;Mr. THOSIAS KII<KI'ATRICK spoke for ten minutes in favor of the Junior Association of the Eleventh Ward. HehandedtotheClerkthecallforthenewAssocia- tion printed in THE TRIBUNE, and the report of the horse;bowandfromwhencedoesitderiveitspower- meti:gatwhichitwasformed. HecontestedthatPWar Against the Douglasites, for the canvass of the State. Mr. Yancey of Alabanaa> newer and rougher West offered a more promising ble tc do it on election day.Since the occurrence alluded to there has bean veryTbe substitute was laid on the table by a viva voce vote. -. _, .advanced from ^ut the crowd of Souihemers, andap-prr acbip? tbe Wide-Awake Comnany, drWcted to themson e irritating remarks, concludinor wlJ**'. v < m —~* il scne of ——, I "will whip any one of you. ,One of the Kni kerbo^kers who was x»ar b y r e -pMed,." Whars that 7" Upon which the mauftumihe hot#l struck him. The blow was returned, ^ h e r aofthehotel crowd then sprangforward to w k »tie attar Uupon tbe Wide-A wake, loud bisriDg all thewhile continuing from the hotel side of the street. At<hipjuncture tbe word wai» given to '• Charge, WideAwakes !'' The torches shot acrors tbe street as frog*one electric impulse, and tbe chivalry retreated peu- ,mell into theHotel though not until a. few bad a re-'.: if] ninder left trpon their c<untenancee, t*sat it Is Impol!'-A•S.PKCH BY JAjtfES T. BRADY,rusion Bitterly Denoiuiced. * Stephen P . R a? sell will accept the nominations tendi?rodWIDE-AWAKE.5>to them by the Dry Go*ds Committee; and if any of them should do so, it will be considered as a declinationhalf"1be delegatee from among the friends of Mr. Doug-las, when he was rudely cut short in hi* remarks bymade on Monday evening. Mr. Lccxy replied.A WOR'D ON THE H., S. AND T/S FUSION. and-Dean Richmond in a way more forcible than To ttf MJaiior t,/ TAe fi. Y. TrOmat.The Democratic party here, feeling also the impor- ga will hold a nia&B mSetiug at Faye'tcolle on Tues- ney by acclamation.SOLOMON L. HULL stated',that Mr. Bonney hadtance of making a striking demonstration in this toe day, the 2d of October. The speakers will be the Hon. fnsitivtjy declined, and the friends of Judge Sloswn stroDgrold of Republicanism in Ohio, have for weeks Henry B; Stanton, and the Hon. B. G. Noble, Lieut.- ad prevailed.upon, him to allow hia name to go beforeflattering.H e detailed the history* a t fusion, concluding withpast made the most untiring efforts to swell its num- SIK: In the editorial comments of this morning's bers. . '•'-,Gov. of Wisconsin. '—The Republicans of the City of Oswego propose to hold a monster mass meeting on the lvJth of October, towhichtheWide-AwakesandRepublicansgenerallythe Convention.It was explained that tbe nomination rf Judge Br»n-n^y was intend>-d merely as a compliment, and a letter of declination from him was in the room.DAVIDDUDLEYFIELD saidthatth;BnominationmadebyH.,8.&T.,andleclaredthattoetime''ThelongandfhortoftboxB&ttwis,tbattheCommitteeof Fifteenh»v»»donethebesttheypossiblycouldnnderthicircam-For himself he bencefort) and to the bitter end, joined bands with those opnosed to all fawon.on the he-nch of the Supreme Court of New York thanthe various attemptsio last one and greatestJournal of Commerce, on the proposed fusion, the fol- lowing nentence appears:, Bnge posters scattered broadcast over the country, urgent applications to: Democratic olubs, exciting ap- pealsthroughtheDemocraticpress,andhalffareon therailroadshaveall beenused to effect the desiredtic as wetl as Dl-hred to interfere in-tnis latitude with anorderlyaestmblyoffreemen. ' .TM conclusion, Mr. Braily predicted that Mr. if, on the contrarj, they n>nke tftis trip surce-wfnliy, thep.iz« itthe Cooper Institute.•'m T w o I>ays lLatte from Europe. tne ball is kept moving. Haw could the politicians, inRepublican principles; to our. character and interests asa people, to Mexico, and. above all, to the poor of ourown and other lands who eliall go there t> find'homesfor themselves and «heir families, and who • would be Hon. Isaac Teller of Dutchess, who, claiming to be a disgraced and degraded by the contact with tlave labor. Bell-Everett man, tried to get the nomination at the * * * I have no doubt of the power of Congress to hands of a Democratic Convantion. The Dutchess erect Territorial Governments and to provide for HieAKRIYAJLOPTHBANOLO-51, XON ATFATHERPOINT. thefcetimes,cutdownsuchawhole-souledfellow•?Doyon see? Well, that's the whole story. Bis personalCounty delegation retired for ooneultation, and gave prohibition of Slavery within the Territories and .1 Messrs. Manbitt and Teller eachi what they called a13th, via Londonderry on Point at 2i o'clock this a days later than these air*14tb iut-t., passed Father icon. Her dates are two received.to point out the difference between this, his platform in 1848, and the Republican platform in 1860.Mr. Douglas responded to. Mr. Ranney iu a few re- marks, not political, and retired.He war followed by Mr. Scbnable, from Philadelphia, the beginning and end of. whose speech was t»and wichedthen returned to the Convention with a full delegation, aid nominated Ambrose Wager by acclamation. .The Wide-Awakee of Hartford, Conn., held an en- thusiastic meeting on Monday night, to decide upon and arrange for tbeir excursion to Newark and New-pult:Jobn W . Edmonds....55 | Charles S. Spencor ...... 53sworn in, and entered up<tjn their du ias. Prosecutor af?er his return*from making his speech in the Park. Cannon stated that it won d be three or four days he People'believe, whether true or not, that ho hid beendate for City Judge, and the following card was read et>q., and other Irish speakers, will discuss the meritslore the Grand Jury could net upon the case of Jacka- low, as witnesses have to b ibrought from Connecticut and other placee.largely imbibing, or he would not have cut up such antics.from bim :•'•*\ Tbo undersigned tenders bis thanks to his friends, for their gen- erousvoicesandvotes,tad b*K»leaveto congratulatetheparty on tbe nomination of John W . Edmonds, and hopes all his friends will give him their hearty snpport: CHARLES S. SPENCER.The Dext ballot resulted as follows:John Sfdge-.wick. 4f> I John.H. White • 27 John Quackcnbush. 32 jof Republicanieni and Sham Democracy.—A Wide-Awake demonstration will take place at Tompkinsvilla this evening, in which the Wide-Awake clubs of New-York, Brooklyn, and Jersey City are in- vited to participate. A boat has been provide*- for guests from New-York, which wiil return at tho close -Our county is in good condition, and is being thor- Jackalow was brought > n this morning, and is now ongly organized. Meetings congtantly and good speak-confined in the Mercer .Tf il. He seem* to be quitetalkative, and says that bis 3tand and arm are too smalling. Look" out for Lincoln thunder from Central New-York on the night of the 6th of November.BKNTON.Onondaga Co., have nominated Austin Myers. • ' ' •to kill anybody.After the Grand Jury [was sworn, Judge Grier rf:—The Republicans of the Second Assembly District,The third b«liot for City Judge resulted as follows: of the meeting. Among tbe speakers announced are :charged them on the law re' ative to crimes on the high eeas. The act of 1820 setrl^ 1 the jurisdiction in regard to crimes wbicb come unde| the notice of the United States author ties. The stsj ate is as follows:Mj|gfc» person shall npon the hi^h seas or in »ny op«n rcvl- »t*M|ir'u o-oj haven, ba-in. orjbay. or in any river whcr.i th« »eaebb*an<* Hows, co»mit th- <|rinoe of robbery in or uo>n aJy of t t e ship's company of any xb.il» or Tes^*l or the lading thereof, •roch person sfcall be adtlodgAd t6 be a prrsV, anf b-in* thereof convicted, before axry Circuit Coi rt of the United States for the di»tdctktowhich%t>shadibebfonght, orin wLioh.heshallbefound, shall anfTer death "The Judge then lftid d< wn some principles of law respecting tbe corpus dtlictt. Th* doctrine of Lord Manfefield, thstaconvicaoij shtiuld nev*rfollow wh«re the body w»« not prcdu'redj could not be he'd applica-ENTHUSIASM INIOW A.John S«>dgewick .57 IJohaE. White 13 J'obn Qnackeubush......... 341The nomination of Mr. Sedgewick was made unan- imous, and the Convention proceeded to the nomina- tion of Surrogate.David R. Jaques; Fraucia G.,^pung, and Henry J. Scudder, were nominated.Mr. ISAAC DA YTON, in a lengthy speech made afterJoseph Hoxie, James A. Brigga, aud E. F. Shepherd, <[—Tbe First W ard German Wide-A wakes last night.•• he!d a meeting at their headquarters, No. 82 Green wick- street, (Capt. Di*jffenbacher's)v Peter F r i a in the chair,: 54 new memberB were enrolled; and it was resolved-' that the company on tbeir turnout on the 3d of OctOM- ber, will reposentthe "Union" by 33 young girls fas'-', white dresses with blue scarfs, and adorned with flow"- ers, riding in a car drawn by eix hOraes. The car.wilJ be followed up by another young girl dressed la mourning, representing Kansas. , /—The Leader of this city, the only zealous organ of-', Mr. Douglas, denounces the Albany Regency withble as a universal rule. • 1 »lany notorious murder^ra >.'or its attribute truth, justice,„and humanity. Speeches would escape under a rigid' mforceooent of such a rule were made by Senator Harlin; tie Hon. Samuel R.of law. Bodies mighv b ent;rely cousumed by fire, Curtis, Janus B. Wilson, Samuel F. Miller, and othtre,The nomination of Mr. Jaques was made unanimous with three cheers. The officers of the meeting were choten a Committee to infor u the candidates of their nomination, with power to call the Convention tog-ther if neceseary and the Convention adjourned wi'b three cheers for the candidates, and three more for Honest Abe.' ,.;''';MEETING A T No. 722 BROADW A Y .*'$ ..*or, decomposed by chemicali, or ennk into the depths ofexpoenig the sophisms and corruption of the Democraticmeaning speculations as to the votes Donglie,might;bave got—" are idle now, and must forever remain so,mj hthe' sea, when the produt cion of the corpus delic'i party, or rather, parties, in a masterly manner, whichwould be impossible, and y^ t the circumstances might elicited thunderous applause from the assembled thou- very clearly point to amfirder, and to the offenders; •taads. In tbe eveou g th«re was a grand torchlightRAISING OF A fiANNER—ATTACK. ON TIIE SIX- while such players with loaded dice, suoh common,1•*;r^«' p ''"'">•».• 1 *,•particularly night th»s be the c»«e on the higheea?, where a whSle ships cr< w might be murdered, ana their bodies thrown into thi sea. The trne rule was to l>e governed by each an a m .j of circumstances as point to one focus, furniabing (tear evidence and a string conviction on the mind thai a crime had been comnait ted. Tbe Grand Jury are)to investigate the pro>>al>'e eresmds of the charge against a defendant, not to decide questions of law, but tojeave that f*>r the Traverse, nnder the direction of the Court.Movement* of Mr. *>©«»]!?*•CLKVKI.A.SD Tuesday, S'ipt. 2^. I860.procession, ard speakiiTg. The Keokuk meeting nuta- bt-rtd soae 25 people and was addressed by beaator Bm'gham, from Micbjgan, who muds a clear, logical, irtateVmanukB {-peeth, which commanded tbe wrapped stten ion of his audience. The Wida-Awak*e of tbe coiy and neigbho;ing townB, numbering between 400 and 500, were out with their torches, and made a very fine display. Our moating here, to-day xiumbcrcd over three thousand p3ople. Speeches were made by Senator Grime?, James F . Wilson, Samuel F . Miller, and others, among whom were two German speakers .who addi-essed large and appreciative audi- ences' of their own country men. From these accounts you can form some idoa of what we of the West areTEENTH WARD WIDE-AWAKES BY INMATESOF THESOME OF THE INTERFERERS—ALSO RETREAT OF T H E O T H E R S .The large rooms of the Republican Central Campaign Club, No. 722 Broadway, were crowded full of enthu-cheats end dealers of packed cards as Peter Cagger and Sandford E. Church are allowed to retoaia ia the. insetery they haveusurpedover our pjiitic.il affairs.'* A+*fer the battle-—that is to say, after the electioa.of . Liucoln—The Leader gives warning tbat Church and Cagger are to be tried by couit-martiah W e jadge• "•»n'« trt f«li to ope or th« other of them, and as to this they must take t b t u chances."a private letter, and could not be used b'-r*. He was auiborized to eay that if nominated he would deem it hifi duty not to decline.Douglas would not get on< single electoral vote, either from New-York or any other State whatever.iiTo the Aikwebtod^roM.AI-BANT, N. Y., JTaesday, Sept. 25, 1860.The Hon. James T. Brady| of Kew-York, is in this are laboring under a wrong impression. Such an in- Cleveland.^^^^BMHmpHgffips^a|^^^Ei«p^^|:%•;.•;'-^w"> ^^ 5A ^ i^ p s T:' i -:'^;"^^#^/,|«'.-If the originators of this peendo Electorial ticketenppoee that snch a mongrel formation is to receive thesupport of tbe National, the only true Democracy, they ans, and.a large portion of whom are residents ofA. OAKEY HALL seconded the' nomination of Judge Bonney.discrimTEate, unprincipled rafrlo for the prize as is here Eighteen oars were sent down the Lake Sh>re Road cKy on professiooal business. To-night his party to bring up the ruehing crowd of Democrats, but to thecbned a renomination.—Not lees than a dozen Republican meetings were The ametdment was laid on the table, and Judge C8ffry was immediately on the ground•»with someheld on Saturday evening in various parts of Ononda- Bonney was nominated by acclamation. dozen or more policemen, and order was subsequently ga Couuty. They were very "fully attended, aud David Dudley Field, Ed. P . Cowles, find Welcome preserved.fiiends serenaned him at Coribrese Hall. lie made a .coniemplated and openly avowed, can be regarded in mortification of the Democratic prophets, and the pecu- Bpeech in response, thanliiogjjthem for the compliment no other light than as a despicable juggle, in which ni»ry disappointment of the Road, only two hundred they bad done him. He thetj entered on the subject of none but profeieed thimble-riggers would stoop.to par- and thirty-four pas?engers, all told, came; and by a votethie dveslook decidedly inconsistent. I have heard of or to any compromiee whuk shall doom any part ofonly or. e man in our county who openly approves of theacts of the l^et LegialatnTe. But now for the explana-them to the curse'of human bondage." 1 do not stop to state all the reasons which bringMONTKIAJL, nesday, S+pt. 25,1860.•> good qualiiu-s have covered up "amultitude of sins."am in favor of and would support suck prohibition.*'It occurs to me that it would puzz'e the JuCge himself complimentary vote, viz: Mabbit and Teller 1, andThe steamer Anglo-Sax , from Liverpool on the" IS ho going to be elected ?" you ask. That's to be eeen. • The district is compos*d of the city aud the towns of Saiina and Cicero. Old Abe U goiag to have a big majority in the district—1,200 at least. This ia a gootf ,capital to begin on, and the probability is tbat the captain, who is a very industrious man, will pick up 200 or 300 votes fromthe Democratic side. So I thinkM05TBKAI. Tuesday, Sept. 25,1860. Since the announcement t\ the AogVi-Saxon's arriva'Judge COWLES then moved an adjournmen:, but the expression of opinion was so strong rhat he withdrew, his motion. The roll was again called, and the vote st/fod:John W.Edmonds.... 58 | Chn-1©« S.Spencer...... 52the wires between tbis ci and Father Point have the chances are thar, the captain will be returned towith an altfrcaiion with the reporter of The Leader, York. The following programme was agreed up'>n: On motion of A. OAKEY H A L L , »tbe nomination of —The Hon. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvauia, audceased working, consequent [y we shall not be able to obtain a word of her news night,The Anglo-Saxon is due it Quebec at a very early hour to-morrow (Wedneed •) morning. .The Case oti JTackalow. TRKNTOW, N. JjjTueeday, Sept. 25, 1860.The Unit-d S'atee Circuw Conn, met to-dw. JudgesGrier and Dickerson pre*idlpg. The Grand Jury wereAlbany agsin, perhaps by a bandaome majority.Dbnglas' visit here was really a great disappointment . to tbat fide of the house. The changes sinre in our favor have been numerous. Douglas ia too much of ademagogue for this region. Hie swaggering may an- hwer for the Wtst,,bnt it is distastbfnwn tbn section. Only think Of a candidate for the Presidency of thid beautiful country, actually dancing, like a moviifebank to a crowd, as he did, in front or the Syracuse House,whose crime consisted in attempting to make a quiet To leave Hartford on the Granite State Taeeday, and truthful report of what that gentleman sail.the Hon. John W . Edmonds was mado. unanimous. the Hon. Butler G. Noble. Lieut Governor of Wiscon- Tbe Convention then went into > nomination of CityJudge. sin, are to speak atthe Cooper Institute meeting of the John Sedgwick, Charles 8. Spencer, John H. White, Republican Central Campaign Club on Thursday nightCorrespondence of The N. Y. Trib uno.FOKT MADISON, Lee Co., Iowa, Sept. 18,1860.The Republicans here to-day held the third in the series of " big meetings" that have covered old Lee all over with glory, and rendered yeoman service to our noble cause—to wit: Primrose on the 15th nl.t., Keokuk On the evening of the 8th inst., and ours herq to-day. At the first there were between 5,000 and 6,000 people present. It was the largest political demonstration ever h* Id in the county;' the enthusiasm was unbounded, stowing, even to the most casual obaerver, thai the popular heart beats respontive to the cause which hismidnight, advocated the nomination of Mr. Jaques. vote was then taken, it resulted as follows:David R. Jaqcos 97]Herry J. Seuddar Francis G. Yotmg..... 6|Clark B.JWbooiar.A31Mr. Douclas addressed H very larife meeting at Tif-fin ytwteiday. A coropan1 of Doog<a» cavalry Were doing for the cause and Abraham, the " Tall Chief of Constitution,'' "and which had' bscome canonized in to crdec, Mr. Hiram Barney was elected chat-man aud—M. Berber, the distinguished French.. biUierd player, arrived in tbe Adriatic. He comes, it is said, to play a roat'h with Mr. Pheian. Mr. Borger ie regarded as the beet pJayer in France, and ha* beep untonquered, by any one for ten year*; during which time- be baa been visited by number* of billiard. p]aye»s from tho. other countries of Europe,—Tlie two sons of Koesuth have joined- Garibald4*« army, as well as or.o of his nephe ws, tbo son of tshe lately deceased Madame. Koo»uth ZxUvsuky. T h e yt^ag man embark*d from Now-Yorkaor Europe, on Sept. 22.SOCRT OF APPEALS,SepK25.-Gsr«l^er agt Oirden; which had just nominated Aid. Tuomey for Congress. siotion for preferwace denied, ButUjrw o:Ha. a*t. K«»»*>siy • mo-"tirmtorpu'femicsdeuiel. Swwry Sun^. aat Lott- motion U Daring the evening ssveral Wide-Awake companies oonect retuhtttea grnnt^d. <£s»ler aet The Conneottottt Mutuabadentered,andwerereceivedbythepeculiarthrill- Imin^ceC^mjMjT^adovmn«So.*%andr»«*r*«4tm9tt»of Ootob«r. jJaQey agt. HoihsWr; aoHoa rbv prifewnofvling.salute of the Wide-Awake Artillery Company denied. Belhnger agt New-Kork C«utwi Railroad O Wpreecnt.nmnoering 1,200. a I baudsomely mounted. ibe Prairies," UBsome of our orators happily designateLOCISVII,LX, Kv. Tuesday, S-pt. 25, I860. him.- Nevsr have I seen the people mote, thoroughlyMr. Donglag has ac;ctwed an invitation from hij aroused in any Prssidcnrial canvass thin in tbo pres-the hearta of the Ac*rie*n people as asecredthiug Mr. Shepard of the Fifth Ward, and Mr. Hall of the which no ruthless hand would ever ha reckless.enough Ninth Ward Secretaries.todieliub." , . . • • .,-' • The roll was read trom THE TRIBUNE and three or Releirjng to the Dred Scott decision, he de<rtami it" are \ reoogniaed as properly, and plaued on an equal Tie CHAIR etated that a vote would be neconsary tosong, with grtat spirit and effect. The President announced thathe badjust; re-iriends in this city to addref sthem on Sa.urdiy nexr. Iffovementi or Lord Renfrew., . DwicHT STATION, IU ,Tuesday, Sept 25,I860- lord Renfrew and rUi.e express themselves highly gratified with tLeir two i-jia' sport on the prairies.To-day the party bagged l&i quail, of which Lord Eenfrew killed 28.I^ord Renfrew and suite leave here for St. I>ouis on a special train at 8 o'clock :omorrow morning.ent Our people in this county—the DemocraticMalakotf of tbe"State-:are doing the work of giantsto overt-Jrow the corruptionista, and if we do not suc-ceed in doing it completely this timo we will at leastreduce their majority (which has heretofore been verylaroelto a mere nominal one. A large class of ourvoters are Germans, and many of them are detachingthemselvf s from the Democracy. Our accessions fromthis Fource alone in this township will be over 100. inthe swiioinina township on the south-east iremont gotthiee votes; Lincoln will have in tbo same over sixty.Like changes 1 hear of frequently. There is out coldcomffcrf for our Dee-ocracy hero in Ipwa, as else whorefour substitutions made. There were contesting dele- gatitns from the Eleventh and Twentieth Wards,ceived a communication, elating that Thaddeust Ste-vens of. Pennsylvania would address the Republicanmeeting'at' the Cooper Institute oa Thursday, evening;which announcemeut was received with great cheering.The " 'Pi entice. Boy," Mr. Lambert, 'earco for wardwith his hand bandaged up, but said that not withstand-ing bis being disabled in one arm, h e had been able toconvert two old Tammany. Hall Democrat* during theday. He thought it pofesible that the. Republican*TbeBoilerExpl*i«lonatHitmbursli. thisv^ar. TheyaffecttobelievetheycanboutCol.piTTSSUKOi ,, Tuesday, 8»«pt. 25,1860.The Coroner's Jury h* ill inveettgating the cause of Curtis for Congress; but. nothing is .further from theWi artlsnto COUUKJO action in own* ©f exec-A*' BJMted Belmont agt. Ceiiuau; n.otlou to v*c»U onier ind S a t .•ottjalrur bsue (£Pjn'ed; No. 2t; place oh^i^l on «&' /njiTthe redwtt sfeam-boi!*r ex >Tosion in this city. No more bodies have been taken from tbe ruins, and it iasup- xMed that no more will be found. The number of'Sead is ten, meluding ti/o who died to^lay. Two others are in tt precarious tonditton.v ANOTHER Di^urtotheBJ|gJ.aud F. Curtis. Correspondence©fTheN.ST.Tribnne.to divett him of his property in his slave, as Mr. Doug- las ddcla'td.at Clifton Springs it could do, by passing athe Republican ASSooiatibn had been organizadbecause conuot'on had so fa&tetied upon 'eOme of the members tbat they brought in Dernoarats to vote in ioe primary meetiDgS, and knocked down Itepuhlicane.whoeo votes did not suit them. So corrupt had the^> become, that every German was driven away froai tlio Association, and the Geimans were a Ja>ge porti.'on of tbe popula- ticn there. One of the Police Commissioners oidered men tQ go up there, to beat away tfuo Republicans from the polls of the Primary Meetings, and t^e Captain of ihe waidhad ordered the men out of their bunks to go to the Primary meetings and vote.Mr. W A T T S said that ir^ 1855 his party disbanded •heir association and went. -jn with Mr. Kirkpatrick's aseociation, and in a few weeks they outvoted them,-j ate their banner, and would then present the flag of CbMftuG.ua, Co. Bank VK W h i t e ; ordered to t*k« *t« olso- SJLAZ (al,ndar u of d.to of attn« r^tum. Burir * % % ? - , .•££*&NOKVOLX Tu The tteamer B*n Defor ©f the 23d iast, 100 milesfell in with the brig J. She was capsized, abaidF. Cortis,ofAddisw, Me. ^ned, sails set, boats gone,Wg^.^pV b n s u T b Y. ,*l? *«7' •«*•Yellow Fifever atTMbercfDemocratswhohave.become•*agjgdjjg the wav thincs have beou conducted by tbeir parry SSCKf£% intendto.follow *&u^!&& Riley, BOthat before the electiorl it is believed that one-aiid h> d done so exer «jtiice. Mr. W atte Btated that hia roil there wore *«99 names. ." .on ;,Argued -. John K. Portor for apr>I. TX* H^evnoWs forresp't. Soitraotand otb•etsag«t.KiiotT22Lf2»Sudf Sotib.e^n!^SJao4;jitai K. Porter for «pnl•tt Job.u H '/Mutio and oUiew —ArgJ»«town, JJ, C ^ has arrivedBOSTON,ay, September 25, I860.*iy invitaUon of tbe Kj>iok*rbockerVtha FifteenthMr. KiitKrATitjcKutatedthatonthebooksofthe aa- Ward Wide-Awukes, the Sixteenth Ward Wida- ac>ro«. 87 aad 00 Kejnolds for ren>'t. N*«^ '/>r'&pTaS iwe^To*: 10, it, 14,1a,••sday, September 25, 1860 from Boetox*, on the night » south-west of Block Island,GKNKSHE, Sept. 21, 18b0. In THK TRIBUNE of Sept. 22 is an article entitled "The Confusion," in which—after giving the names of the Ki*ow-NothJng eUctors on the Fusion ticket— ycu say: " Only Mr. Ogden has declared that he- willvote for Mr. Bell." This is an error.Mr. Hunt having solicited an invitation to speak—».yPrw»er, ooun^L MoDermott vs. ^The "P? —T-T—..-.-._...i toB.jtmcnd vii Coopej moti-u not move j I & n l K s S h coSihere, received one, and a meeting was held accordingly Tbe brig Gem of New- ork;Phelao,from.George- on the evening of the 19th inst. Charles H. Carrollirt> with the Captain and all bands sick with yellow ver.presided, and, in answer to an interrogation by Hunt, replied in unbalance that he was a Bell elector, and ia-% ° l M l ! k S^.:• •-•• ••••truth. Hewillbeelectedby2,000majority. Wein- tend to do belter far Lincoln by 3,000 votes than wewhichwasreturnedwithequalvigor..The CI.aiiman eaid,that they wore ready to inacgu,did for Fremont.AM «• - *BELL.law prohibii ing Slavery TMr! DonehiB olo« d his speech by a handsome compli-i'm'o 7T* W T ^ t MOctober. B«jtlett vs. Tarbox: motion to vacata ord' f?,**<,-" 0 lFUSION ELECTORFOR'BUCKEYE. CONNECTICUT.^il'KJSWaa a«ifa?r• x *• ^'^j. The Breckinridge men, rating .themselves';a little Hunt will repeat hia visitand epeecb, he may draw on for the purpose of appointing Delegates to the ^t*teabove the dry goods .estimate, have peremptorily re- jectedtheH.S.&T.ticket,andresolvedtorunupon their own book. It is not probable that Messrs. Heary .8. Randall, John H. Browor, Jacob A. Westervelt, orIhe Wide-Awakes for his expenses, aod "something Conyentionn, the Donglasi'eB got treated rather uncere-tbe chair. Mr. O. and bis friends, indignant at euch NO COMPROMISE POSSIBLE, of the Tegular National Democratic nomination, and unknown to fame, became a law-student in the office treatment, after warning the Breckinridge cliquetoati1AiBlaSY, Tuesday, Sept. 25—10 p. m. James T . Brady spoke njariy an hour this even-ing from the balcony of Col igress HaB.He paid his respects to; Messrs. Peter CaggerThe Peabody delegation was then denied admission, and vieit the prominent cities and villages, to address He now returns here a candidate for the Presidency, ridge and Douglas Democrats of S'amford; and it is by avo'eof 36 Yeas to 56 N a m "handsome"beside.' moniouslyby»befrie.ndaofBreckinridge,oueofwhom prerideff on t!te occasion. •Yours. DOUGLAS IN CLEVEL AND.- CorrespondenceofTheN.T.Tribune.CLEVELAND, Sept.' 22,1860. Some tbirty years eince Stephen A. Douglas, thenrose to address the roeetii-g in favor of eeleoticg one- Twentieth W ard. His. statement was similar to thatperatory to march^r^ bome.^ Meantime a crowd of boarders at, the New-York H<**I gathered about the doer of tbat hone*, wbUe th«?« balconies were ato»drawalargeconcoursetogreethim.me to tbis conclusion. Suflice it to eay the maintainingtion. Capt. Myers is a 82lf-mado man, a harness makerby trade. . He is very energetic. He is open-hearted f.heir freedom is in.my judgment'due t"> humanity, to on Saturday, tbe 22d inst., and nominated Ambrosefrank, liberal, the cleverest fel?ow you ever saw; al- ways on hand at Wide-Awake clubs, pole-raisings, ccc , and, if the expenses are larger than the subienp- tions he j?»ys the odds with a good-natured langh, andEvidently, Mr. S. WRB anxious that his speech should have hot a limited circulation.To-day's meeting was presided over by the Hon. David Todd, the gentleman put into tbe Chair of the Baltimore Convention after Caleb Cashing had aban- doned it. •«,Mr. Todd consumed considerable time and breath in attempting to show that Mr. Douglas was regalarly nominated according to the usages of the party aod the.ruleB of the Conven'ion. He declared tbat he knew wheiepf he spoke, being thoroughly posted in the usagesland rules of the party, and having been there himself at the time it was done. ^Douglas was received with fair enthusiasm, though there were stratas of the crowd where tbe cheers were very faint. He pitched into Breckinridge for bolting the decision of the Convention, and Bald he never con- sidered it confciBtent with his personal honor a» a gen- tlemen to go into a Convention for a nomination, and failing to bolt and run against the party. He then declared his doctrine of non-intervention to be opposed both to Northern intervention against *nd Southern intervention for Slavery; that it was a mistake'to sup- pose that Illinois and Ohio were-Free States by reason. of the Ordinance of 1787, but they were such simplybecause they pieferred Freeoom to Slavery. He criti- cised Mr. Lincoln's remark that thie Government can- not endure one half Free and one half Slave States, referring in this connection to t 19 increase of the Freejljle complimented the Stages since the Revolution. flay. It occurs to me. fidelity and honor of. Henry he would have done that if he could have blnshe »d the hitter denuucia- it jr-st.here, when he romembe: lead of Clav when he' tiors he poured out Upon thewas yet olive, and also remembered that the very Missouri Compromise which he broke down in 1854 WKS mainly attributable to the efforts of Mr Clay.ButHtdoce.an old Clay Whig good, one wno stood by gallant old Hal through ev 1 and'.: through good re- port, one who fought under hia banner when Stephen A. Donglay and his fellow-slanderers were reviling him at eveiy street cornei—I say it does euch a one good to hear now such testimony, willing or forced, to his honorTaud fidelity. Ah, had that gieat aad good man been in hie honored seat in the Senate Chamber, Duug- laa would no more have dared -t!/propo*.e tbe repeal of the Missouri Compromise, than to have put his head into alion'sden. _ . . .U Douglas proceeded to speak of the Compromise, claim- ing that its repeal was attributable to the fart that the Frec-Soikis icfnsed to carry it out according to its. apint.! He here abandons- its unconstitutionality and pwnta himself upon most flimsy grounds, grounds which" even" if true, cocs-ituted no reason for"breaking•down that compact which in 1819, at Spiingfi-Jd ho declared to have " luid sn origin akin to that of theOctober 2 at half past three p. m., and arrive in New- York Wednesday morning, October 3, thence by eteaai- or to Newark, apending the day with the Newark Wi<?e-Awakes, who have made extensive arrange- ments for the entertainment. of their visitors. A t 4 p. in., return.to New-York, and participate in the great demonstration of National Wide-Awakes, taking the position assigned to the original Wide-Awakes at the head of prcceeeicn. Aftei the parade, leave New-York, on the ereamer Traveler to New-Haven; thence by c&rs to.Hartford, arriving home about 9 a. m. on Thurs-day. Nearly 30b names were at once put. down to go.—The Hon. Thomas Ewing is posted for a Republi- can speech at Chillicothe on Saturday next. It will be justly c nsidtred that Mr. Ewing is an important ac- cession to the Republican party, and that his appear- ance upfn the stump ia one of the most significant indications of tbo day. Mr. Ewing has been hitherto cla8?ed with the Bcli men; but he cannot swallow theDouglas fusion.—The full House of Representatives of Maine will frtand: Republicans, 127; Democrats, 24. I n the town of Greene/where tlere was a tie vote on representa- tive, and no choice, Harrison Rose (Democrat) was elected at the Bscond trial.—The Republicans of Chautauqua County held their County Convention last week, and nominated William Leetfor County Treasurer, C. A. Spencer for Superin- tendent of ihe Poor, and C. Bates for Juerice of Sea- t-ions. The Hon. W« L; Sessions and J. Maun, esq., were appointed delegates to the Judicial Convention. Henry A. Prendergaet has been nominated for Assem- bly in the let or Weetein.District, and we hear that Hiram Smith, the present member, will be renominated in the lid District. The Republicans of Chautauqua promise to give Lincoln 5,000 majority next Novem- ber, and they can do it if they will only try..CITY POLITIC &REPUBLICAN JUDICIARY CONVENTION.Tbe Republican Judiciary Convention met last evening at. No. 618 Broadway.At 7J o'clock Mr.JOHN VEITCH calledthe ConventionJohn Quackfcnbueb, and Stuart L. Woodford, were put in nomination.The roll v^as called, with the following rfsult:next.—A meeting 'of. Irish citizens opposed to fasiouwitk Know-NothinRB, and in favor of Free Labor aud Free Homes, v«ill beheLd in Stu^veeamv Institute, No. 659. Broadway, this eveninK, at 8 o'clock. P . S. Lambert, '&%.• J'.«r*;rr& •*«&rff*^v; NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE,^WEDNESDAY, ^jEPTEMBER 26, 186&.lijftPOLITICAL INTELLIGENCE. tended so to vote if elected, aud stated emp^aHcally half of the Wide-Awakoe of Stamford will conmet of fodatfee repree'nted by bim there were the n»'Twooftheaggrefsivfihotel'partywerearretted by lor compromise and fusion •was irrevoTably past »tttx>ce«; they have got np an excellent ticket, one tbat H\vt-« the object. S^me sanguine Democrats have prophesied of that part of the State are to be invited. The Times given to the bee'man, and no better man could be found tbe polVe, one a Sonthemer, and' taken to the Fif-h'r.nor of Br«-ckiurid<{« UI«»D. ivad at the same time promises to do Mm SOOT*good than any other Presidential candidst*. and. there- fore, all Breckinridgemen should tfu»t&in tt botrt and hand. And *o •DOOM BJl T>onelas v en and Bell men. Kor on tbi** trip tliey are all in on« boat: so thai if cno goes to the bottom, they all dothat tbe attendance would equal that of the 10th, at th* iuaugnration of the Perry statue, when at least 75,000 strftEgera were'present.But, alas, for iu»b prophets, tbe day has come; one of the most beautiful of the season, and with all tbe drumming and efforts that have been put forth, no dis- in't-Msted observer would have put the'crowd am and the etandy while Mr. Dong'-as was speaking to over four or five thousand, many of 'whom were Republic-eays •' the Captains and Presidents of the several clu^Bwere appointed a General Committee, and will issue Judge Bonney. He should be.nominated because hethe political canvsss, dccJarhjjg that the time for fusion ticipate. Surely, every Democrat who is influenced taken, of this Dumbersixty-four "were foundto be the everywhere the warmest interest was manifested in R. Beebe were appointed a Committee to wait onIt may be mentioned that parties belonging to the hotel have lo»g threatened to cut down a Republican flbg-Htaff, should one bo raised where the one dedicatedfriends of " Honest Old Abe." Iwaa past, and proclaiming wjhr to theknife agJiiust the by motives of self-respect and principle, will repudiate Mr. Douglas himself reached^ the City la?t eveniog, X>onglaa Democracy. He dedared itbis belief, that if, the whole concern. That such will be the case in the at 7 o'clock, on the Lake Shore triin. He was met atthe campaign. 1Judge Bonney, and request bis acceptance.The Convention then proceeded to tbe nomination ofthrough the division of the Democratic party, Mr. Fifteenth Ward is the firm belief ofA-rtc-yorfc, Sept. 25. ONE OP ITS VOTERS.3Lmocln should be electeii, Mr. Seward wouldhe his Secretary of Statej and Mr. Evarts would 1. ONONDAGA COUNTY.Buoceed Mr. Seward in tie Senate of the United Corregpondence of .The N. Y. Tribnne.States, in which eveni the Kepablican partybeing in the ascendant, wonil claim to be the only na-tioaal party. He said thatikftsr thia c.mtcat Steph«n tions—State, County and District. The Stite' and ship.Spencer, and eaid a few words in his favor.Mr. H A L L , of the Ninth Ward, seconded theiiomina-tioc.The Hon. John H. White was also nominated. Judge COWLES stated that he had learned, within aA. Douglas would not be heard of again, and that he County nominations give entire satisfaction. Not a deg in tliis region wags his tail againsrt Edwin D.—A gentleman of Philadelphia, now traveling in In hia welcoming speech to Mr. Douglas, among New-Jerpey, complains in a letter to THE TRIBUNE ofte^were made by the Horn Judge Foote of Geneva, Several gentlemen spoke in favor of the nomination- fltenden of Connecticut.(Douglas) was now only acting as an aid to the Re- Morgan. All profess, at least, to approva of hia course.9 of Judge Edmonds.Ex-Jodge BEEBE was quite prepared to sacrifice his BRECKINRIDGE ASSEMBLY CONVENTIONS.personal preferences for other men for the good of the. Adjourned meetings were held last evening by thepublicans. He reviewed the action of the two Demo- cratic State Committees, declaring that the-responsibil- ity of the defeat of the union of the Democratic party was on the Richmond-Cagg-ir Committee*Mr. Brady's speech is regarded as a final blow to any union, so far as the Greene Committee and S-ate Committee are concerned, and as fi-^'rjg the fact that if a union is effected it must with the aid of the lead- ing supporters of Breckinri and Lane in the City of 3«ew-Yoik, outside of the hticians.Mr. Brstdy denned, and eloquently defended, the principles of the Seceding al.imor« Convention, and denounced " Squatter Sove ;ga-,y" iu «ro?g terms,On some allusion bein? made by him to Messrs. Richmond and.Cagger, eoxrjje of the frbuda of those gentlemen collected together oppwite ths hotel and gave them three cheers. . jfcr. Brady's remarks werereceived with warm applause by his friends.After the concision of his speech, in response to loud calls, S. €k Courtney, i«q., made a brief speech, calling on the Breckkridgi men to rally in support of their candidates, and denouji icing the fusion ticket oflast Winter. Mr. Sedgwick, our excellent Representa- tive in Congress, was renominated by acclamation. In the 1st Aerembly District, Jeremiah Emerick has been renominated with a will. He voted no on all the cor- rupt mf aeures lart Winter, and sustained Gov. Morgan in all of his vetoes. Several good men wanted the, nomination in his district, but the people said no, we must emphasize our approval of hi* course and return him again as " a fjood and faithful servant." In thelid-District the Republicans Jbave nominated AbnerChapman, one of the best men in our counts—honest,etrajghtforward, able, and incorruptible. These nomi-nations will be ratified by the people on the 6th of No-vem'rer by about «n average majority of 1,500 each. Inthe H i d (city) District Capt. Myera has been renomi-nated. Tbis, perhaps, needs exolanation. You willat once say " I thought you Republicans up in Onon-daga sanctioned tbe course of Gov. Morgan, and yetyou have renominated Capt. Myers, who voted againstnearlv all of Gov. Morgan's vetoes." " I own up thatOther things, speaking of Slavery, he said:" W e have carefuliy marked' your course upon this subject, and fully approve it. In its applica-ion.to thegovernment of tine Territories we believe with .you,t i e absence of enthusiastic effort to prepare tha- State for the coming election. Within a few miles of the great thoroughfares, says our correspondent, there areparty ard the City, which wOuli be secured in the highest degree by the nomination of Judge Edmonds. Mr. Spencer could afford to wait ten or fifteen years.Mr. SHANNON eaid that Judge Edmonds bad told bim that he could not come before the Convention as a can- didate. ' * .D D FIELD aaked if citizens would feel assafe with Mr. Spencenfor Recorder as with Mr. Edmonds.VOICES—1\Yes," "yes,"Mr. FIELDV—Then they do not know when they areeafe. LA. OAKEY/HALL—They've got as good a'right, to an opinion as you have.Mr. F I E L D eaid thst Mr. Spencer had been described by an ex-Judge as a Tombs practitioner, and no Tombs practitioner could be elected to the office of Recorder, nominate him as much as you please. He believed that Mr. Edmonds could be elected, and he knew that no ninn who was a criminal practitioner, as Mr. Spencer w.is, was fit. to be a criminal Judge., Mr. W ALKER, in the course of a little speech, stated that a TombB lawyer had been elected to theoffi.ee of City Judge.' CHAS. ~C. NOTT—Does the gentlemen seriously intend'to urge up<m a Republican Convention the prece- dent of Abraham D . RusselLThe vote was then taken, with the following result:CIHB S. Spencer ..55 IJobnW. Edmonds... .&0There were loud cheers in the lobby for Spencer. -No person having a majority of the 110 members of the Convention, the calling of the roll was again or-dered, end called with the following result:Cbos. 8. Spencer. ..53 | John \V. Edmonds...........53The roll was again called, with tbe following ro-following Breckinridge Afsembly Conventions:SIXTH DISTRICT.—In this district the Breckinridgsr Democrats last evening united upon and]renominated'Samuel T. WebBter.SEVENTH DISTBTCT.—The Convention for this dls--tiict met in a room over a lager-beer saloon in Banir B'reet, near Bleecker, pursuant to adjounment; and,, after a lengthy diecusaion relative to the merits of the respective candidates, a further adjournment was badV until Tuesday evening next.EIGHTH DISTRICT.—The Assembly Convention fair ,tbe nomination of a candidate <o represent the Breok-'evening at Hastirga's Saloon, ccrner of Pitt and ' Broome streete, but no nomination was arrived at, la contequence of the persistent efforts of the friends of * Messrs; Ljnch and Larkin in favor of their respective nominees. The Convention was therefore adjourned until Tuesday next. ,ELEVENTH DISTRICT.—The delegates to the Xlth Assembly District Convention, met at Begl*n'sf No* 337 Ninth avenue, when the names of Win. ML. Con- key. W. B. Walsh, J.Bagnal, T. W. Cart*e4gbt,and Wm. Connolly were presented for the oonudera- ~ tion of the members. Being unable to agreeu>>na- candidate, the Convention adjourned until next Mon- day night,i •—The RepuhlicanB of the Seventeenth Ward (Green- point) hold a meeting at their Wigwam to-aigbt oa Creenpoint avenue. Wm. H.'Burleigh, eeq., will ad- dreeSthe peonle. rSYRACUSE, Sapt. 22,1860. W e have now got through with all our nomina-few hours, that Judge Edmonds would accept of that stitute, when speeches of a highly interedtiag charae--—The Republicans of the IVth Assembly District of the depot, and escorted tothe Angier House; by two of •Erie County have nominated Henry E. Stebbins forBee, order.A. OAKEY HALL nominated the Hon. Charles S. last night was placed.our military companies {many of tttem good R .pub-lican*) and by a band of torch-bearers, numbering, by School Commissioner. /count, five hundred. —There was a flagstaff raising at Syracuse on Satur-Here he was welcomed by Judge Rufue P, Ranney, day evening, attended by five or six hundred Republi- one of or<r citizens, former Judge of the SupremeCour;, tut more lately hotter known as the defeated cans. The Wide-Awakes of tha lid and IVth WardsYOUNG MEN S REPUBLICAN UNION,An enthusiastic meeting of the Young Men's Repub- lican Union was held last night^at the Stuyveeaat bo-candidate of the Democracy in 1859 for the Governor-The Judge is a most eminent jurist, and justly takes rank at the bead of his profession.were out with full numbers, and a speech was made in German by Mr. Sauknomination. He belived that no name would addgreater etrength to the ticket than, that of John W. G. A. Wheelock of California, and Richard A. Chit- Edmonds.that Congrtss has no rightful power over the subject, plenty of men who don't know how many candidates 'S£d that it Bhonld he whollv withdrawn from that body there are for the Presidency. One old gentleman,Iand committed to the people of each organized Terri- tory, to settle for themselves as a part of their own domestic policy."within four miles of Hightstown, an eld Whig, too. had1never heard of Abe Lincoln. If the Republicans are to It happens that this is not the* first time that Judga carry the State, this writer thinks they will have toi. iRanrey bas enunciated his sentiments upon the ques- tion of "inteiferet-ce" -with Slavery in the Territories, aDd in order to show what his views were, when true to himselfj and before the mandate of the party bade him think otherwise upon this subject, I give two ex- tracts from his letter to B . F . Hcfl'm'an, dated Sept. 30, 1848: , <" I am in favor of maintaining the freedom of the Territories of New-Mexico and California in their Whole extent, atd utterly opposed to authorizing Slav- ery or involuntary servitude of any kind within them,,make more earnest exertions than they have yet ex-to be the final determination of the highest judicial .onearth,] and htnoe binding on every man. whetner hohkea it or not. But ne omitttd to state what the DredScott .cape h>:d decided, as he understood it. He said a p'roniii cuous ga'hering place, or whether the in- this ixi bis New- Orleans speech.- iu 1856 when he dc-"footing with other pro.eity. H«nco the owners ot "slaves, the same as ' any other species of property, '.'have the right to remove tothe.Tciritories, and oarry " his property whh him."Here he recogb zeselaveeas properiy-to tie tuiiest extent. Now,Ubeingconcededthat^aTerritorial Legirfatiixe cannot divtat a man pf his property in hisexclude tbe public, and euch a vote was takeu, where- upon a number of people went out. •'.,''might elect their car.didates even in the. rural district- .reedomto their opposite neighbors; an allusion, prob- ably to tbe fact tbat the proprietor of the New-York Hotel had refused to vllow the Club to connect a rope across from tbeir rox>m8te the roof of his hotel, as theomplexion of hia borne was Southern; it was stated bat bo had subsequently attempted to make capital out of this ract. through tbe newspapers. ,Amid the music of ihe band, and cheers that were almost fierce in their tones of AjarnesUipsh. a remarkably fine banner wasswcngf,ff to the breeze.Mr* Draper mace a few remarks, when tbe sou»jters sang the «rSocg of tbe Knickerbocker Wide-Awake Art/ilery,"compoaedforth«occasion.0ment to Cleveland, _____^__POLITICS Iff ST AMFORD,A co^Biderable excitement was created among theDemocracy of Stamford on Friday evening last, incon-sequence of Mr. J . T . Riley, a prominent and influen-tial member of the Democratic party, deserting tnebinkibg ship to. enlist utder the banner of Lincola andHamiin,.as a member of the Wide-Awake „olub, whichwas iortfenized on the occasion referred to. ^goouiv gUntitled Documents*w»-?se,«iM»iM.«<,'.«»>»«sew"~««;"i• www.fultonhistory.com^•*tbathedidnotwishtobemisunderstoodanylonger. tho<epreviouslyfonadintbeDewoi-raticra^ks. V*ri 208borafideRepnblfsJiUfi. .''./.,.-.• .•%{:•*• '--•'* Afterwftid,Mr.E.G.Brownaddr-as^thstoee-tieg. :• 0£ - Apropos of Mr. Hunt's address, I may remark that onscircnmBtsnceH bave coufributed to bring about this Tte Watts deWatiou #M then admittedbya voVQtfive Democrats who heard it next day de lared their reeult. amotg the reet. may:be m«ntioued the f^ct that and *aid he bad alwaye b*en a Democrat, and had CONFUSION"TOFUSION. ^ intentionofvotingforLircolnandHamKn. IfMr. atameetiogoftheDemocracyholdafewweeksago, 70<to26 :. .:":'' ,; " eyenfprkenforDorglaaduringtheprwentcioinatgttMr; KIRKJ'A TRICIC said thft^they could not be stifled » j, r.til be saw tbe e'ror of bis ways, and was now hear*at-'th*; pollt/' They wou'd vote* for Lincoln* and Ham- j anC ""^ul for. Lincoln, as he found he could not posstbtV ; Iin.butnotforthecandidatesr>orainatedberA swaJJo\7*eBrookspill. Themeetingthenad-,) ANOTHKR MrMBER—That may be your rule, but IMr. J. H. O^etead, a lawyer of the village, who Is go for the party. . {/ . I A few mxnntft6 rrr'vfOTjg to the adionrnment of Urnhighly esteemed by.bis fulluw citizrtns of all parties, Mr. RVNKLK. at tbe request of Judge Peabody, then meeting the tK««>»tb Ward Wide-Awakee went outd statedtbeclaimsoftheJnniororganizationofthe andwefreformmgJ*theEfcrtsideofBroadvay,pre^Mr. R . A . A D A M S moved that the delegation headed crowded with ladles and gentle^"?} and all appeared Mr. Green will immediately convoke his Committee of Payne & Wilson of tbis ci>y. Here he pursued bis alrbongh tbey might succeed iu puttincr the gag game by Jndge Peabody be admitted. - t/> be ergsged in tbe laudable b n ^ e e s of hissing theand supply tbeir places. Preparations have been madeetudiee for a while, but finally concluding that the into operation there, they would find themselves una-Mr. BI.SAKT.KY moved as a subetitute that the dele" Wide-A wskes. Preewtly a rather t « and beav-r » a a gatjon headed by Mr. Lucky be admitted.and M^. Brady wijl proceed in company in a few days, field for MB SBpiratione, he shortly removed to Illinois. little brotherly love exhibited between the Breokia-the National Democracy. The Hards evidently have not the hardihood to desert their principles for the Bake of sailiag in company with Brooks and his dark-lantern conspirators.stumping the. country in his own behalf, and the occa- believed tbat. in the gre<ts approaching contest a great The Lucky delpgation WHS then admitted.fion, combined with the natural curiosity to see oneoccupying so prominent a position, would naturallydeal of bad feeling will be manifested.—TheRepublicansofthetownsinEastern Ononda-On motion of R. H. SHANNON, the Cnvention went into the, nomination of Jostice of tbe Supreme Court.ISAACDAYTONmovedthenominationofB.W.Bon-invitations to all tbe clubs in the couuty, aud also to the Wide-Aw akes of Baldwineville, Syracuse, Utica, Auburn, Rochester, and other points wi bin a reasona- ble distance of OBwego, who might be expected to at- tend. Tbe Wide-Awakes oJ Oswego wil prepare for an extraordinary display, and several of the towns ad- joining will reenforce them with a legion of cavalry of Wide-Awakee,"was the best. tran. . ,hibited.;• L—A correspondent at rPeterbcro', N. Y., says that the Gerrit Smith men thereabout will take away some votes from Lincoln, on the ground that he is in favor of externii«g.the Fugitive Slave law. The same writer sets down Lincoln's majority in the county at only •3,000. '/.":—Tbe Democrats, ef tbe Xllth Congressional Dis- trict of New-York, consisting of Columbia and Dutch- ess Counties, met iu convention in the City of Hudson,inridge Democrats of the Eighth District was held last '•rf 1Wafcer of Rhinebeck. Three candidates were pre- sented, viz: Wager and Mab&itt, Democrats, and thechouldpotbe made as a compliment. It shouldbeJohn fi««dgwirk.... Jobn H. vv'bite... John Qnackenbauh271 Charles S. 8p*n«w»r ,'.....2224 Stutut L. Woodl'ord.......... 3 . . . . . 2 8 |k-vIt was stated that Chas. S. Spencer was not a candi-NEW-YORKHOTEli —ARRESTOFtimw, popular sovereignly and tha Dr'ed Scott decision. The Prairie Songvtere, seven ia number, then sang a1of j Awakes, the City Wide Awakes, ac4 the Uzdoto Wide-^ Awskes partook of a cAll^tiori of «aodwfcbeflani « ateenth Ward Station-H- use.After the Sixteenth W*rders bad driven tie South-erners inside the hotel, they ag»in quietly formed, and CH AS^ C NOTT stated that the letter n ferred to was then, with three lusty Wide-Awake cheerr, marchedhomeward.The names of the three parties ^treated are: E. IuC.>rb*es, who was arreeted for ateaulting Officer J . W*.Hawee; Joseph W . Corlies, arrested far dtsordefly ' Mr. HULL claimed that Judge Slosson was a Repub- conduct and forassaolting two persons—Samuel Brown licanbefore Jndge Bnnney,and moved «Banamend- of No.185 Seven-h*avenue aud F.JLTuckerof the ment a rei-olution regretting that Judge Bonney de Fourth-avenue Hotel—and J. BL Alexander. Capt.H v. * &'.,.•,mi 1 '••.''" much bitterness. <; All.these speculations," it ssys—•.' Msiastic Republicans . laet evening. The President, from the preceding extract that they wiilftud- Httie Smeon Draper, w^ig in the ohair. .Hon. AURAM W AKKMAN showed the inconsistency mercy in any court where The Under has .any iudu- and duplfoity of Douglas in su3 aining, at the same- *^«*^od t> third' /£%S%(\* reople.—Arg« ^ 7 YZZZ* r^ Bridr for pluintifftooTToTj Mr Sedgwick for W J X . 7 H W w J •dw'r. ret. ni. Datid Rus«eU w>J^2£S& TMJui «rueT;—T•'^^I -•-^i&&$>?*&.'>-•-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•••: ,tarn s=saatt.-^,MHlgg,MW*."S!Mtf»eat J '***** ^*** 