~''Sing. Tue Doctor was unprepared for the senfen;^. As be left his cell at the Toombs his last remark was-and Saiuidert' prayer," saysA'tv-teUtr, "itr.'island will convince any one —di nee, bonow such sums of money as be wasIf cleanliness and neatness are one re- onlyknow, even theoretically, tbe essential prlndpto* <tfI,,jecta for a lunatic asyltunffly treated, and never on any of these occasions in all Jamaica can be witnessed. That last hill-maica canlargely' •>^r'•1.J 'sugarout of similarCuiNNESB while there must have hadWarrspiiLD wHbout sIDaiks no fna tha Orart „e mereyiplanters,cially when the extec; of exhausted coffee land•if^rmgm >An»ll pi SAMklOA^r. or fifty Teaaela arrive ia port daring the year, scends into the narish of Clarendoa. Kelther this MiM pay be waa Io receive. At tha HiMpftal ke ra- porketlBf tke legltlBsats proceeds, mU mtUag aar- after week opaa Hr. Gnnau' sMeepttUs heart aad BSBf JJiRtican schoooeir comeihere for re- psricb, nor the one contiguoue to it, St. Dorotliy, naloed aixml two years, when, obtaining leave of leptltlanB sales. Tbe bnsiaass alUaaee en>)ed ia the aiautlou. far fceMtaU. dlstt.eti«rCr^"T,"r^ tUn-9»rummn\ turn nitoee. l' waa told that abotit MO tons of need any special notice. Sugar caltiTatioa in both abcene*, ke ravlaitad the English capital. He brcragHt. (Snabelal ruin of Dr. BaaaoBV, and It was Itot lamt be- would U. rtrange Indaadlf he weTM net if-^^fT^l^nr»-Th«SaMBm*. Bbek BiT*r o^ket—faicluding. that U to say, the growth of the cane. The angar lands in tKe As he was about to tha of Good wound tbe Doctor moved to thU City, took rooms lathemoBthof ^ reluralog Cape Hope, op, JolybojtBa*«dalB«i aaaaErm.Kaa«lMr, Junrics, Juiuit, UM). I hM0 takan the reader down the north sidewood brought down the river and the wood shipped former psrUh lie to the north of the Mocho Moun- be fall lo lore with a Hlsa Loeraaua, a beauufol pi Leroy-plaoe, nlaced connpicuoasly in Ttew bis gelUL Theeervieewmsh«dtatheTab«aa5i,tar foreign and Uland potU. The coffee i« excel- tains. In the latter, the smallest pariah after Fierch girl, »fa<ck auaei his plaas. He marrted, le- doctorlal siga. and twrnmed pro«s«»lo«al praotloe. ialeisofseveral cknrahes'taUnff paitUlt. lfi*th«a scanty popnlaUon, that nnnibera only aeTenty-cameIt was on makers, boarding-house keepers,njoe personato mile. The a^il is excel- theaquareto was remarkable. We cannot follow him In all bisjeot htgeat;fer the growth «f the caneand soma of thebere about five years Cliy, anlviog ago.ow 'WlietMIiy.and moat aucceaaAilsince Gman-bis resnlvkl bere that be took the additional namethe Dublin Uailj ExprrtsBiMk RlT>logwciDd, ^atla and eboiqr were daily moved in theU small,for the soil isnot very fsTuiabla for thebark a paisa well laden with fore the store Into othr r haads. At this time with firm reaolra, by tha Engdin soverelgaa, passedhelp ,ofGod, t"o t«a•fs ¥Wm*a«m-.,bat while praoUcIa^ they nor Mr.of psufesbloii ta LotiCoa. He was emineuUy saecessfut phlebotomy upon bis male patlanU, he did not negleet certtnoBy gave biax any addlUonal grace or uthortetln^*~i ^"^ *^*'' estates in the vicinity of Sa- is taken into account. The same statement willbyonly"tions more select th-io Mr. Gcunssconsisted of the cUte cf all deaomtaatloos, inrladlM-butitoughttobeahore, and thia perhaps keeps the savannah free sugar-planters. Coffee, too, like cacao, requireathat it ia otherwiseA. breeze Is ever blowing from theturnedtootheruses. Butwantofcapital prevailsvlciedand sent to State Prison, it wiU be remembered.;country, iatgit, members 01 Parliament, dlstinguislMd orators, Fal- ring, worth $.100. from Miar lows cf (Allege, the lights of the vatloas pn>leiaiona, who could command neither capital nur bwa) with bim was, most of it, borrowed, and the re- RonniTs, a lady residing in B'oome-streei. It is un- and, to a considerable extent, me racK and fashion of Inis gay metroiAUs. have been draivn out to a dis-"Weet Indian Creole goes wild with excitement. come to the towns and villages with one, two, six,by experience, either prudently witndrew, or cur-lo get moiey enough to pav tlie rent, gro(:er*s and ment.Dr. Eixis is now 44verse by veise, in a Scriptural and laast eloquent st)le. His Illustrations of tbe beaott-OH dnmis, trumpets, lettles, bells, and anything or a dozen bags, and in thisa is waymany cargobutcbei's bills for Ms family. For a time he added to bis iiicome oy contribuiluus to leading medical jour- LftiS, snd It Is authoiita'.lvety stated that be alsoyears of age. He is of medium ful andof this Psalm were they were, at tbe sametiiattan make a noise, are brought outbuilt beenruddy complexion,his tocture waa tures are regmar snd classical. In his prison cell at solemn, and appeared to nia>ie a deep lapraaittHi ontheTombshepreservedthesamegentlemanly aIsifenumberofthecong.egatlon."dig- It Is the conviction of that Hr, Geixdancers dabee Tiolently, and fiddlers fiddle violently, with-mademile, considerably larger, it will be seen, thanmost appropriateoot my regard to time or time 'to a iippeais possessnatttre, society, rarely exalblted laand masquerading tttt pealm-singing are alternately kept up untiland the variousphases01''MoMertothe most ordinary questien. All night Ibog, aod for eight successive nights, an infernalwould be surprising indeed iftheyneglected them;tbe cheapest and most de-gray eyes, black Eide.whiskers, a;upfor foreignTheof St.;But I know ^ewlear'adayis lairly past. No negro will work of no locality in Jamaica where labor for sugaraLd a smile undefinable In itsofmost eloquent, and tbe application of the Psalm t*^loM or money daring this carnival time. He is"InsraUy demented, and can hardly give a sane have their own properties to look a ter, and itthe certain chances of a bank.—want of lalior, which I admit to exist has been amost truitful cause ot the abandonment of au-to hire themselves oat as field laborers at a shil-ling a day.We leave Black River village and St. ElizabethlAo^asnot eojo; this species ofamnsement suffertke n^t ezqoiute torture. I passed the whole chester mountains. Fresh horses are advisable,din—a concert of cracked drums, shrill voices, and—'fre-ciacken is maintained. Those poor deviUgar cultivation. The most hasty tour through the marriage eigngements. and, securing their confi. he would were he to occupy a private tiox at the be done before the mass of tbe people shall come t*4ea«on in the coontry, and saw exhibitions of ex-pitemeot that made me think the actors fitsub- make twenty Sabbath days'eal ol time. This was no drawback-I mixed ^vely among the people, I was always most clv-we reach the summit of the;but, thoughMay-DayUountains spectacleswith a<iQd I we a negro in a state of intoxication. I do over a mile above the level of the sea, wasplainspreaotttacconiptbe danger-This (listuigiiti^ed preacher, who has recently iriown backward, irtvefl to tbe preacher a rathsr^ot remember having ever seen a West Indian ne- sfascinating,ariivtda>r>ect.work, drunk; and the temperate ha' -its of the Ja- maicaand so that no animals but stout Ja- steepmanentlaborofcooliesisneeded,asatary labor to that ol the Creole, alike on the rich,est and the poorest estates. There is sufliciintlabor in Ja.Tiaica now for the bare wants of its ac-tual cubivalion, if the planters had meansto pay his laborers, fairly aod punctually, the nian. he bad to nifiiculiy in pHylne well the p^rt ofwages the) have earned. Thosd wages are not tbe gay deceiver, and in a manner richly rrmunera Dntiin "Slout" celebrity, and was anoffi^rinthe I-ower over the peci-ie; ,for despite the frequent wantare the more remarkable, as the i^ilSt mannfactnred in the island can be obtainedusand can look back at the country through whichCity,elsewhece,li^aica,ciaoleaever havedraggedup.pauseforbreath,not fail to betoacceptable, especially tiie literaryfor aI allude to these Christmas festivities l> -causewe haveverytrifling cost.lately passed.a of upon ridgeatneer Kincston. about six miles from DuMia. Hi»-they afforded me an opportuniy to sec the rises up in the di>tance, standing out black againstIt' is to ths fact ^-eattritjute much of btaing tke whites ; but I have ever seen them mostlespectful to their superiors and most anxious to distinguished even at our feet. Hills piled o;iriien. one of them a nearly ;Ioblige.theneaiiv io^t en iau occasions, an-l it was -.'hti-fly owing'of their t&nber. They import tobacco, thoigfi prrtiei J4r>'s llOi-K fits gua'i'Un, un ler wno their soil in many districts is most excellent for its was placed, »Pir Irrn to lli„ t5if>t .it si-hoils. In nis growth. The negroes, who have never been taught peiei-leentti Je»r hi ei.utei' Tiu.iiy Cllcge. Ll.itibn..p<icVe:sIndividual testimony on this point ir.ijhtti lonei frtm Uie South, and tlie ov.-ncr of a roasfilli-;.^listedtoCKdited or deemed insuflicient, but there is-BO'diacKditlng the fact that, since their freedom,tcigether on the right.cei.t plai-tntion in tbe vi.-inityofBaton Roti^e, I. a.,ita own lesaoo and its own warning. Twenty-five to be despised.sugarthe cultivation are pasture and provision groinds. but he old rot take the widow and her family. She cmeigeLcies. Hu also had seen much of the world, To the B01U John Lr'chrr, Govmar of Virginia :yean of freedom and not a murmur of popularThe sun never rose upon a more picturesquediaeonteiit!— Twenty-fiveyearsofSlavery ItakevillagethanthatofMandeville,theoftheMy account of a tour through the interior of Jamaica is already sulficently long, without add-still mourns the loss of ber funds, but derives conso-latlr-n from the thought that she escaped eateringand had .tie come familiarized with man in variousTour attention is respectiuily asked to consider the question, whether the pardon or commotatfoa «f SrsvSRS and Hazutt, sentenced to tse oa tkethe people fail to apptcciatc the blessings of free-1lowed tie can 'Ions exarn^ile of the judlord^Jindde- in his Master's service. For this pur- Canada in i6C>7. They were tr-msported, and, aftar a i.ndbe^pcnt-is abnr doned, or if the jilantirs are in reduced cir- dom. Any one acquamte.l with these colonies cumstances, there is a uimiiiished denwind forerary cis'.:::ct>un, t,e oas suck ta tae deeper depths of iij':imy. 51c bau fine talents and perver'ed thetn, aaa tie nnl.le ezidowmenls ol iiis intellect and person ba turned to i^noblr use. Having b»)en triedwere hersuitor. Atihistime ihe d<t:'tor's .second irier.d and tutor, the late Dr. lUatiS. Tuis was about When Spain executed Lopii for Invading Cuba, sheknows that the reverse is the case.like other people, are creatures of habit, andtbeir Christmas festivities they keep up the cii>-toma that they were taught to observe. They cannot be outrivaled for rii hness, and of a cli- liavB a week's holiday, and they make the most ofit, according to their noisy fashion. Probably they as tropicsl products, the Jamaica propr don't reflect on the great event tha: the season ia shouhl submit to destitution because ttiey nave deduced to commemorate, nnj more than civiiized iiotthe money, or the means, or the pr,ttclion, or ]ieople do who drink champagne and eat roast tur- the labor, or whatever else it may be that iskeys..'-Itia a hot drive, along a beach road, from Si-• "MOHdi-U-Mar to Black Biver. The country isto listen to their complaints, when 1 look at the un-^AfyWooded andland, with American schoon-country. They ciy out at the high price of labor, and pretend they cannot grow com, when corn is grown at five times the cost in the United Statespartly pasture ty Of phitento and orange trees.plen-Dr. iBoaiiB Taoapsos Eius—Da. TaoMis Thomp- *'-'--icicih innic L'Rur.s's acts,Negroes, very icislock, and the breeders sufferin proportion. TheEsct.lapi.'iiiwifewasJiving,Had he not Itcn Ddulkrd in his pia:.'s.- tin-re is out little doubt that he woulu nave coniini:teo biga ny.Mrs. F/iBCUiLi), who Keeps a small dry g-mtia storei apr i.tu'd the rank and file wno accootpaniel Mr.Gc^xxiss liim. BCd even that semi-barbarous nation shortly afterhilU in the distance are covered and cudlish, ihouj.-b Jatnai'ra wat'^rs with dense fores-., herringsbut are, neveitheles,. inhabite.l by small proprie- abound it- the most splendid kind of liab. Theyalv-i-s c«ti^:.':«i'v iiiifi-. ai-il yiel'iea a nunds.i.'nc rev-cl-di 1l; e I i-ct"i's (;t'l-;-i-nt..- Imii Jng- wutt- w'Jiic:! :ii--{ap-tors, who gr..w their ov,n coffee andwinds, though Jamaica forests are unri- valed for the variety and beauty and uje'ulnesswctrvof .Mr. Tin;, ins'nceiit.devot-few )« MS since 1 uonis W. Dos.* aco seeetaithe Black BiverThe town of Black River is situated in a«an beof labor and cannot get it. This lo roi.veit iiinisef i»t' a doctor.into his ow'Qpile arcliitecture, revered, and nation of men. even t'y»K,, „„aon. Toe foUowwaParish of bt.the fact thitestates in the parli<h; for it is the completedamiBC o< Uu5 can appeal to hla ovaluarket.^thete wil' to sinte Uia'. Ibis loan worim-out the uponeverya swii, titer, as be bad ict.-oduced himElizabeth, and aconveyanceto be accounted forbydemandsthntex- medli-alceg'te.ui be cupied by the iilustxious Gsobgk WaiTXPisLH.are Who ftequfiH^"'" {JTM seducer.fordeep setting »un, and back For a pUie that can-', ,l:il ill'-wnrsing npo.i mayUmuklyn,-f th iscofhisowa t'ln. \i^illn|. .'-^l.pinicntuimportrjland Uby small Kingston and PortIt U a fact of some significance that two estates in cultivation. TheUsto In bU piufeuloa. but In the New- World he believed preying upon tbe ptntes and hearts of confiding awasonly arecngnltlon of hlmby thebret&eaaal*en*«t taaalea, and it is proper I shoald now «sy this town and ita trade have grown up since eman- Clarendon is 54, snd of St. Dorothy 91lent, proprietors.raised, withoutexception,-MMHliiBCaftlte south side—the side thit moreMellyUHwcrstotheorigiaalnameoftheisland, ThedeeUneintheexportationofcoffeeisa sndminorarticlesforle mtgbt make a speedier fortune. At the end of women. At this Umc eighteenmnnihaheaccordinglysetsailforAmerica, fand<olla>sdenosltedInbank—theprofitsofCmutt, or the land of wood and sra^er. For ^rlfie, oo the nortii side, wood Is iHetitBtal enongh,Ingta.g^ And nowUUs young preacher enter«I apoo a nOocipation._ the equate mile, and thebU re-commeodaUonofhtaotothefavorofit» engaged. TheM*.great argumentdeeply aolman a^n^d 1 ^most of thesugar-growing parishes.to the poxer expressponies,vwi-b vkuming quadtiew. Possessing beiiuty,personalso geneiiil an iiiteresl, that an outline of his life can"haU mexport. in the mouths of those who urge lage of Lime, Savannah, somasmateil-01bis wile and an Infant child with htm.In the Fall ol ISM he landed la New-York. On ar-cent confidence villatnles. Unfortunately be fell a victim to the seductive fascinations of speeulaUon-)$lgi»rmhii»me»t northweaterly parish in the the cultivation of the cane. It U an undoubted ofClarendoM, whlchit' " adjoins, presents a rich al-L^ ^. P"^"«-«=« «^ht impose. TboibVte tka is lommt, sugarlargelycultivated.luvial country likesiald Id the City but a few weeks, and ttiea waot toBoston, where be settled, hiring a first-class tsoose It was an unfortunate crisis. Petty creditors begdnIn Beach-stieetposed^^Ma eUef jMHVUbe great atiJple;best eatatea in Jamaica are aituaied hereto him. For years)li^,^,>Wiiteand theyto be bled, and were bled.He remained In Bostonthought hims^ equal to any credltorial emergency.for the youth and for hhneelf,the gospelfact, that the exportation of coffee in Jamaica lus SaTannah-la-Uar, the ez- declined from tweaty-five and thirty million otwork to get himself again on good pecuniary footing.Jesus Christ aad bin mat.tows,from Green Island I passed some doubted fact that where one potmd waa used infria bott^mu Padenu came having practiced the art of Ignoring creditors, he Ings. They rejoiced with Oembllng. tSt faullisstillveryconsiderable.; to view bisof>«kld«MlRac«ltiTate<liiicaiie. But the weeds used now. What master would ever have dreamed;occasionally auffsr from severe drouth. If m<mey, about right years, Ib the interim bis first wile had He bad »ot reckoned rlghUy.toof transportrng of-Wify hogsheads from this district to the place of a-daya would dream of depriving himself of hiaa Urge portion of the teste de cotuolation ?pl«rter's revenue. Still, Westmoreland keeps up tler's cmjilactment., in the mountainotu dutrtcta o'its lepatation as a leading augar pariah in spite of Jamaica, that I did not see coffee in cultivation ;,lair fiirww mUtea, snd not « few propertiesprioremancipation, ten pounds areA Bleecker-street taUorwas, to some degree, at stake in him'Wt'rtlMlllialilli. and the expensegivingun. living IB Boston he wrote two medical works, which asnitof clolhis. Tbe Doctor could not canceltliroogh England; wantoserenwrt, most swallow upInever yet passed a set-MtHeal Juritpntdence and the PAvsicutn's Vade farm in Nertbrm Ohio, for whioh be paid t7,000. Histher to inability procureball led to his committal to the;and spent a abort time in Praaoe ;testUftacpouncU to five and aix millionhat it;U alao an un.be tumished it eumptnoosly, and ex- Obtrude their odious presence uponp>otes.<dOiial alga.the islandcoffee to his sUres ? Whatthe fallhlffi. He traveledimpossible, yet very expensive still command an extensive sale—the Afniiviif of hidebtedness, and Huarer had him arrested. A fur- the length and breadth of tbe prinelpalityand it is my firm conviction tltat there is no such.great diacrepeney between the amoant grown nowand that grown at the time of emancipation, espe-agriculturalfiipouringas muchnew land, and the clearance of fifty acres of woodwsha diamondquiteis a sort of Herculeanplantercredit had no resource but bankruptcy when anunfavorable season overtook him. He waa accus-tonied in times past, aa some are accustomed evento-day, to hope against hope, that a sudden rise in it issugar, or (Ame other lucky sirokaef fortune, wouldfree him Irom trouble and his estate from an in-cumbrance ten times i's actual value. One in a tiavaganily, he exercised no providence, and the re- that he should have an account to settle with the GuuiMiss took for the subject of hts leetoi*But,whatevercoffee losses,say aboutcbsLglirg possibleh Jamaicawould notthe Dnctoi asie laa l.oped. Being obliged, ihroughthat theand tbe Recorder, as stated above, sentenoed him forthree years and six months to hard labor at Sing mormng we observed among tbe audleaeatheir and profitsthat Its f-eshappearancetoo8U<i;e^.tbe Lord Chancellor, the Cord Juuics of Appeal, anl Baron PaxsrxraTaza." "After slagiagamong coffee-plantersaaobtaininglargew^sfive of a recent entrance upon tbe profession to induce a ppeecy rush of patients. Accustomed to live er-ports.populationprobablycbaraoterlztdoy goodtaste andkunwledge of oam^nenterprise that,confidence swindle was proven against him.uays. tiythisatuacuon. Ou Wedneadiy nara-face.it is a notorious fact thatthousands and thousands of settlers grow tke deli-days,planterwillingly planters mayto hoist a newmen of bisto as merchant en-cious berry advantage, anycultivation is more needed than here. The settlerslarly widows of means,palmedfor the long miles of this day's traveling would journeys. Possiblygoodand cotnieisatl<e. It required genius, and thatabout and then one of the finest sunset,was With K/lgbtitided cimselfupon possessing.accustomed to such travel, couldWesupplemen-eno;ighemioenta rivnl to Bziii BacautL in elrgAnce of dress, polished and plausible lo conversali-m, and in- dicating iu e'v er) m-ivemert, gesture and ucrerance theWc arehills running north and south; a parallel iflgethe woids unitetime, "viien, if ever, the sun now slowly setting beyond it. The below, full twenty miles broad, resembles, fr.xn—their shelter over a hundred o.xen, can scarcely be 1.riUqisc-hills, and thunderclouds'hills, are massed On the left, over a m >un- tain-top, there lies a line of sea in which the sun isno people in the world have been more peacefulthan the Creoles of Jamaica. With their freedom is dark, its light has gone out, but the crests of the island.preparingvalleycormitlerably lessher favor, he proposed marriage, and was acce[itei. As Fall advanced, be proposed that she should sell her house, lot and furniture, and her children ac-truth in tbe love of it.Ihev not go foith ? Such% preacher is a—any period and what fears and aniieiirs and actua^ Parish of Manchester. It reminded me a little of ingrelations and circumstances. His acqu-tiniance with the works and wa>-s of God was enlargeil and he better knew himself. His religious consciouiness was deepened, and he was mote firedoUbieaks I It cost the Govenuucut $800,000 to a newly located town in an American Territory, OTpprec* the mngle insurrection ot 1832, during for the houses did not look very old, nor were the wUch aix million of dollars worth of private prop- streets out of repair—two exceptions to very gen-W. G. S. CARBEB OP A SCOUNOBEL.A Mn=. LxsTia. a widow residing at No. 93 Thomi>-son-stieet,v.as also doubly victimized by the doctoivAnher heait ard purse. Winning the first, he sought to m habits of faith, watchfulness and prayer. On It is not necessary here to discuss the acts af Jeax obtain posses sipn of the latter, and succeeded to the reaching home his frlenJ.i urged him to turn his Bkotb.its salvation.I have also heard the Jamaica people denouncedboi-r»wiri|[. L,uv«-niakln|{ i&nd Book-vrrl- the bap p> day.—A WuMied liife KBd a UscCal moral* for a bouse t*lo( ging lo Mr. I-'os Ijockwook. the book mansoip to the (juietness of farming. Accordingly, in since been executed.provedtir.'ly escapedCoffee, pimentoandprovisions ;are raised inSince the earliest dawn of cirilizatioii, Bislaryto make a golden set. Thepopulation only twen'y-;'isquareany other parish indisplayed by young I-re.^iicd.Gciknxss that thewasprepared should uottoreceive such oreachersparish the cholera.onlyThe followers, were all killed, or bare doctor nn-.'er'i'Ok to nej<oiiatc lemaiui-.i rjiehanged. He preferred the sHrof sea- army,or near.ywhich ttelasa rogar-growing district. Tlietu are few ps- own properties a very large proportiontatee in 8t. Edzabeth, and, I think, only two*that own provisions.send their sugar over the roads. Tlie remainder In a parisn like Manchester, where there are no tioi.>, be kept up aa iqn^i fmniliiriiy witu *he ii^u'eitr:in,;e tr.dt embra led scv'.-rdl of the liat.ing ciii.s and toivns in the West of Encland. Crowes \>r s'-ed t'l h^ar the joun^ preacher. The in-iiagnsiinious SIL4S WsmnT, thenGovernor.send theirproduceand tbi'ie is rcuson tu oeiivct th.^t many souls were sdved.MI aocleat „^tTpe- and moi'trn hlstcry. to show "h" oftlea distance ofwas-h- e-.'aJieJeluugnier ^^ i^^ ^^expellee,I'll ilnicons tan tiei on.e arru-ed. seiit ?.After j(ra/n;»iti.? miles. The stream is noted tor gar parishesi, where the inhabitants are principally iion. His fatbsrpr>'es-might be made navigable fur boats foriliemfelves, but lor the supply of neighboring su-(oruiii.there are no^th#tioB ca>,e. I, ha. been aptly caUed cultivation of the cane alone thatacr|iiaiat«nces loans. Neither tae msr-Vouag roomt III give wn,"' '"»'-i"*",t"!? ""^ '?" """"y advantages for tha"" London College at Surgeon*. He adnyio.l siirgsry cliaiitiior bis mercantilci friends have ventured, huw-- \'l\idly before his eye. If he sat In the vestry, Wntrs- r^ipscieBce- »n"^.^/^^ ^j,^,ofthe^^ „ foand. ke caaandsaodandmudareinand thrown'4be richness of this district u not'"diaTiew, nor are its restmrces entirely wasted.berelused. The foratissettationouthe OsseousUiwiMsofMB^aaoBV topartnerWaiTsnxLS'scon^nvgatian. be.altogether hiddniibut,thniuiihoutthetoonlargethegreatlyaag-mainjlliorsuncleared, up'"natuialhave no doubt that the offer will|j •asThis is pohi'sbe-l so that It mayehoke the river channel.negro has an invincible dislike to moveaway, hold gods. It seems an unaccountable preju-.aJtflr the question herein presentobue. rend ana c<»«Yet, mdvantages negletrtedspiioofgreatU»ilii<tHi>sp'tal at the Ca.i« ol Ujod Hops diet sOjalcm""-"A. 1, '.'tee. trade of Blacli Biver is In principallyIwiiichtheyroad from Mandeville, la ManeKester,Dr. E1.LI8 Biicceeda'laod appealsorgsiilxed among civillzeilue>rvcoffee,and different kinds of wood. Seme forty TheteacbUigioby wa- la, doubtless,his mpillcaltn«m IU London. SboiUy after taitin^ his""1 traordhiary force which the planters say they are vegetation here Usar."f^f^""!:*"!''"'iDdeellMlte •• hraunant as ii is in that wonderful anable to obuio. A Clarendon planter recently"as an earnest student, and ever, lo show triem>-e;ves among ttio retinue of co.n- siELn once was accustomed to sit there. As he eta- inercy for the errw*. and may •xe<«ta gave fs-t^ir noeolonr. • Bnt Jamaica's curse—wantvpnthe Ik* altaTtol sou and easy«on of the Blaek B»ve» cojintry. The foreststo five hundred Manchestertime he received from the publishing themselves a* the easy victims of a bare- hai aseecUed It before him. When he surveyed t^a I n^iis the inu*t _ .of capital—isofferedemploymentIn t"ocotiege two 6i«-oia» prUes, oiie 'or a ihe-lsif would communlcs- negroes theyre. allowed totake nim ashis house- aon Cl.lioien.' The'head sum-on of tne English CLiiner o' Allaulic and Court streets, Brooklyn. At On ii«lng to offer prayer, or preach the word,It doss mw'arcepiaiico bausk*ou of bii patrlmoo)bythe haai! Id getting tbe main maofcgemeai of lbs sioie, thereby Ibe same roof. With these associaUons, telliag week FaB.22,1860."". JUSTICE_AND MKKt-n.dicemay be found clinging to the plotsthem.,;hopeddeclaringhe would reflect what dU' ed in WuiTsntui'suponril'tean Scj. i^-c. the Dnriiigenterprise settler nuw- not be anand labor werefurthcoming,capitaltheir residencefaced swiidler.crowd assembled round him, he reflected that eq'ialIis notthe acts of Jobs Baawn and bis amali armv.changewith ••whole ieland, the psop'outrbusiness andTbe hope was illusory; the promtsed*l„,5*ou»lir.g.a«ofwere born and their fcthers beforenow 'than that ofshipWbyof theirand wntle faniil'atlz'ftf Idniseii wim t'le fiitates iu coMi-^ seccci.rs- sl> Ir, nnist ot the wotds and misspelled,ti';n ;Ithveulcg'-.diJ-i_JJ«a>'TM-d'^'''rr . , iwr.one of hit ocsiground uponan i:rpitd II—utged u,iOB himHfy receipts.cai Hal was never forthcofflinar.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069astonlshlogde-otkruittdAlBtdtBsdsoiur'eprisua,sail||I'preiaredby God,and assuch Btr.\a detailed that I visited.descriptionof the Eastern with him. parishes into an illegal marriagehung16th of March next, is cat required by all usage, aa.fi.r IheJolin'M \V,-oi aa-1 at thethe leaier orI: make is thisg^own-updKucliler. Dr. I'an wnridereaThe (lOiiitbut that «ant is not theher decline.are now in flourishing cultivationBoyal, thoreVa only one or stgnce popuUtionplace, aiid entered npon the pracdce of his He met with very good tuooeu.Gensnt himself eoosideced that the judgment caUtd of Cod to the work, aed a deBarbados, which it appearance of that exquisite Island. Some of theNot a few sound - Chriitian penonssomethingneatly equals in size, hut without the garden-likefied.hUn, and ttaeir admiration was notnor adertakiog, to turn tome of the mountain atreams;vMtaAinto theand aave the vast sams thataod tbepariah, infrequentlyweather. But in Jamaica beforedifficulties. of doctrine of "Bepentanee totrards oar Lord Complahitslose from great changeDoctor wasofshortduration. Attheeadof swiidlingandalteredhisto meet the new order of tnings introduced withslmpieimageryvariedaod time, soundjodgmeat HetailedbissoasReturning from Vere, the road joins a turnpike highway near the village of Old Harbor, in the Pir- ifh of St. Dorothy. Prom thence to Spanish- Town, through St. Catharines, it is luxurious traveling,^elanded hale and strong.Norgreat powvir,In Dublin he couimencedstudies,as hi» SKCliiby. b-tlilantpruBiiteofw«in »tt»taiD« htjti rank in tie pistnants, prileirlng to keep in the buckgroun-l tu tered the pulpit, he could not but feel that WairtrisLD •^'nletne tiiibout giving account to that bUer w«» secret thoughtao'tbelBart.*^pio'emon.yearsinterKled herein to anr opinloa czpnetpersons setUerayrow provisionsIt is said he had several thi>u-theirvoutLord, in whose employ he wis cetdlDgi are said to have been tctestlng.of large accessions to the laboringside, equallj hmriant in foreat, is wat- poputation of the Island. But I cannot aee the building an Independent church. Urge and f»saionable boardinghoase, ttien kept by with blm. He loat hU money in much quicker timethe necessitywent left WaU-wibi ai.il ciiravi'.jantpK-vedtVliile I Ti- i.-rg nis bi'-im-.'stocfUfH'. Tne place was offervd to hlto, ^ud be ae-tress, but by the extra capl-ai Or. Etus was to put too. for j-rtur-'D.e out his soul Inana for la retirlig' effects were pro- beneathmented upon by the UMlmrmmdtot «hettila time, and itiiecaroe necessaryai»t>^iut a suc-suppUcatien, thewholecounselofGod. AndII is not bell»T»d that your ex«*Il«'«TtnjKr^'l SB act whioh (tsy m«v JQdjGeo-v"eamWme«i ym andiiot- Herod ibeharhailstn if aoyAtthediitaace troi^heOMmdryupon a sea of legalJaaos Cbrist." The stir produced, as be proceeded ttomthere. It is worthy of remark, as proved by thissnd other parishes, that only first-class estates, orin other words, estates that have had means atcommand, are now in cultivation. Here, again, City. The rhai.ge of name is reported to have beendisappointedof Fujs.apply with much greater force to provisions of we have, as an explanation of the prevalent ruin, acopted to avoid any unpleasant visits or missives gave upar. Wtapah-la-lfu)Ost labor^tbe cieolea call it a healthy pUce, and I prior to emancipation, have been abandoned, or be the fiist to suffer. In a precarious business riifve bis eitmsive confidence Piieratbms h^vin^ in-himand he wasftsj ti/!nii)t SkTannah-la-Har, as ita name indi->0iffiffJ%^ll)St on a Urge morass that stretches sea- most of the large coffee properties, in cultivationagainthe interval of his trial before Re-every description.It is true that undoubtedlywant olfor if it were solely want ofCleraT respectability, the cnldraled iaiol' leet, as well as the evangelical piety of the cuy,h«Te The imn-ifeclate charge upon which he was con- teeo represented in a measure unprecedented, we be-capi'al,the large estates that requiredlabir, wouldThe wealth,cultivatiAi, where the luss of an entireamong crop must now and then be expected, the Jamaica sults if be remained. Tbe moaey whici he tookin thesemainder ptofeselonal earnlpgs.Die ;n ^c«-^ oik oio nut open as auspiciously forall at the' time of the trlaL The Court fbuu-i publishedsenting chapel, which was thronged, erea oa veettlikesugarvolved him in difEcultita tiirea'ening unp'easinl re-from fevers. I lilted the looli of the town, with itsbroad central street, and piers Itept tolerably clean, aU booses peeping from among forests of rocoa- t*t trees. Crop-time was at hand, and a couple of iLSSols in the bay, forerunners of the fleet tha'. an- -ntndlr visit Savannah-Ia-Har, were waiting for Aeir cargoes of sugar.—It waa Christmas eve a season at which the gaged in the trade vill be able to testify. They hundred, perhaps, realized his dreams, and, warned sult s^asiLat be soon found himself hardly pres.-ied Recotder on the expi ration of his term of Imprison- the twenty-third Psalm, which be expoudad,extravaganceElizabeth Parish numbers 119 persons to the square emancipation. The other ninety-nine met the fats turned his pen to pecuniary account by urittiig yel- shaved now, and does not look so luxuriant—darkkilling iudusiry. My belief tha' the coniract oris, j)er- bnikbutBut hisCity, attracts so much attention, and his labors excite pu.iiiese thst thee is a church, chapel orin their<l|iey would be disposed to be as 8;iucy and inso.lent as I have heard them cl^aracterized. I founl this height, a vast plain; mil, having so lately sta'c unhesitatingly. But, at the same time, I their loss rstt-er than sutiinit to the mortili'-ation aiiJpeopleholidayIvalley too high, for they are not one-fnurih of what a tive. It is p bab ihat but a fractional part i-t nised, and the lack of coaoectioa the critical eye between the single di-icourse. he rarely fails ti> some tiiirry-live ve^rs ago. He was brought up aad iiSf've uiio o«-?lt l.ia bearers. To characterize thewell irstriict.ci'. by his pio-js parents, in the know ledgentDivinetruth, litwaseducatedatCbelten-we knowtrue OS far as regards Kingsti^n Icafers, who hm^ country, cove.'ed with formidable hills, that hnveijay-laborerstate, with equal confidence, that, in Jamaica, pcr- maner't labor, that is, daily labor throughout thethem nothing of the kind. The accusation may b.. traversed it,4bont the w'larves tor chance jobs, and follow shrunk away to seemingly a level surface. Thebut it is nottrue when applied to the peasantry. The people were filled with stock, have dwindled down toatiangerswithannoying persistency:.,*re no longer servile, though they retain, noin ha- "wanting,lippearhe was tne subect of slroBs conviclions. but abo'jthe employed,it is no but an uneven plain,riCicUFe ailendant ej[(Kisn:e. ijp.onA widow l„dy, wno lived inand residence wc su -press from regard to li^r f;i'aii!yof Mr. Cuisssss in a seurence, we saould say itvast meadow lands that we crossed, and which—specks of light oases of cultivation in a wilder-'fewSi. ti *s ii • t:nrisi li ri.c master of his iife. For jiurposecan comrnahd in America. This IO'Conheu.,ot a—plnnter to improve hia property or even prevent itham. a.'id atferwards atand Rev. C. Woetut bot'i of whim entertained th*? b;ghtei esteem and regard for him. In his boyhood gretyearthat kind of labor whichExeter,under Rev. Dr. Millsmay feel—*rom deteri-'ratitig ia whollyIhe I'octor, so far as tne latttr's villainies thus firihii*. the his diFcoursFs Is not of a frsinework^^find able toJamaica wants laborLi-t:;. lie It ft C(gi.-is.;ovc,-thP shdiTScause of In this parish of Vere, large est itesEl-iie represented hinvself lo her as a wealthy prac- uf .Mexico, il.c Uc-l I-dieB. Texas Ith.-ougiiIhe Car- s.'tit all the .s-'cret ef hL" po v.-r Ls nis sirnpte, ua-preponderatingc'li^ riarcersole .'nni"'ne senseof responri-is jhttothe mile,(lilt captain sti'es)o»ted by Gen. TaiLoa Ingratiating himself into mindme be n.ul'iplieo? We hive some of them; whysisould:yet its entireplansheight, with broadHe had luxuriant black hair—it hasthat muat i»ievitably overtake the desperate gam.bier, who, with a few shillings in his pocket, playr giaded character. Meantime be was continuallyagainst—Thiswsntofcapital whollyirrespectiveofato whom hehimself off as a widower. His programme was—a lueot nidow-wbtedi'ng ci mtnenced in Boston—to make love to 'he <>bjects of his visits, talk them Intothe pi- niatioD, as be alleged, adjoining Ihit for.Ti?riy ;Ithey aeem to have forgotten all ancient grievances, the hills are all ablaze. Night comes on apace,^d never to have entertained a thought of retribu- snd there are yet ten miles of bad road to travel 'tion. The contrast in this respect between the before a village can be reached. The air, at this ilelgnofFreedomandthereignofSUverycarries height,feelsbleakaltersunset,andacloakisnot afterrecentexperienceofJamaicaroads. Afew herproperty,and,vrithoutsuspicion,olacedtbe servation-hadbeentrainedtoself-mastery—hsl CniiDatStCTcmiandHazHttbe.Praperlyerty were destroyed. But the outbreak from which eral rules in Jamaica. Though a mile above thethe planters then suffered would have been light level of the sea, Mandeville lies in a hollow, sur- Dr. E1IIk> Ihe Caafldence OperataT^Iiife and tuie cf fl.OtiO. The wedding was appointed fOf thoughts ti- agriculture. To this he was disinclined, He knew tbe r'sks of his invasion, aod took tlie compared to the one that was ready to burst over rounded by hills. The air is fresh and the climate 8<m,e of Ibe RBsrallttes of ttao Bace af last Cliiis'mns, tbe bridesm-iids and groom-smen se but yielded pj their wishes, and went to reside on tbe (Xinfiequences of a failure.theUlandwhenLibertyappearedintnegapand wholesome. This isthe onethaten- C»iifldcticrtlprrat«rs—AaAdeptaiOfivnej- Ifccied.andalltherequisitearrangementsmadef-.ir estateofarelativeinthewestofIreland. Histaste Butitiswellknownflattherankandfilenfhism which ne and his wif,- w-er-i tbeDr TnoUAS T. Ellis, the confidence opera- tomoveiifltr Biarriage. An laaMlity to furnish sat- East indies. Soon alter the fiiip saiied they were caped, Srxviss and HAztinonly remain.the boon of freedom if they do not keep itii^remem- Immense herds of cattle may be seen grazing to- Court of General Sesilons, was reported U the brit^e, and a rupture of the marriage en^gcment was ness was (pilte luiablo to proceed further, and re- a few of the leaders only.Ibe result. Tbe Sl.iWiO hud been given to the doctor turned lo hia home in Cucllcnham, apparently a E:en in the brutal times of JiFraxr onlj tbe lead- btance, or regard it as a fit opportunity for nation- gether, but the business is not as profitable as 7a TiMsaof the following day, was taken to Slog Sing that he might supply fcunself witli a stjlish horse, gig, dying man. ire tral'ors were erecuted. In modem ttaei waal Kjoicings. Bat I do not thinii that the absence stranger might be led to suppose. Like most other yesterdiy moridng, to serve out hi? term of Imprlsoa- ai.d other tqiiipments. with w hfcti to rriake a ddstiing It was i-to'tt tb^stime that he experienced achatige nsve looked upon England and Spain as despotls -of any general enthusiasm in the West In-iia Isl- pursuits in Jamaica, that of stock raising depends mtnt. No citnitijcn crioiiual is Dr. Ellis. Eojaviag pToftssi' n-Ji dis. lay. Mis. LE^rsa became corwinced of heart, t,.(i having obtained pence in believing, he cc-mpated with «ur government. Tet Baglaad dit ands on the Ist of August demonstrates at all that very much on the sugar crop. If sugar planting 6i'leti[):d ot)[>ortuiu ies tu act leve h'gb so:i -1 anl lit- that it would ba»e bteh better for ner to ha-.-e fol- at once, with the help of Goi, determined ti spend lint execute the nuik and file of tike invalwa latafor making Christmas their grent gala season offestivity, instead of the anniversary of their eman- abundanue by the s-ttlers but andThereis nosugarcultivation in Manchester.gre-ittlDg in publisherBroadway,year Ifcjt,beagainset ou; on a to the Except, perhaps, one or two who mav bare ea. v.oyagetor, who;e convlciioD and sentence to Sing Slag for isiactory lelerences cut short the negotiiUons. Tu scipation. It ia argued that they can care Little fjr lands form the pr;oci,jal feature of cultivation. three years and six monthf, on Mor.'lay, in the fact leased tut. reached the ears of the eipcjtant he being atta<:KUd by a must serious and alarming ill- shows that it has been usual in such cases to exeouSelact is ilius jirevaihng apathyit is that,illustrativeof of a soil thatand she is st-il lor that i;i itter. livujgJanuar-.. ISiti.onlygave them a full pardon.:thoughsingularly possessedmate that favors thewanted to cultivate the c«ne. I have no patienceigrowthol as temperatewell etaryhadnet nroGis of her Dr Ellis oecaioeOn circums.aiiceof th-se some unforeseen occasions,penspastureooly on ona ii.dictirteitt wh' r?as a dozen aie hanging overPi Ids nuluiof Mia'' the a-res. aiil atbini 8s eavi itfi an fi.cti re intie mure inrin a to td-en"e. but thefi-lbi»r .ta nalli let il\ ici^ .ess till lai'i..hije.s a;.fci eii. As •lr:hf;:'.3 !(< 'i«'" thi- doc*or's ed overt i.oiir cv. rcioirid lor stuJy tu tract disin'ou- vieie guilty of tiesson against the Stateoi" the;u'd to pit :.cnii.g er-ga-cinvnls iu criajiels HTid out uf uci'is. a.- I'p.'.ortuni',. olltri J. On goui^ back to Chel-oihars of RhoJethe ei- the ibrenia o( test; tailirsUntitled Documentiinoiiod oli'crnot eiecu'e the piisi'i, thefcay, lookingupon lofty ranges of hills.not number more than 2,000 inl.iiliitanta, it is these things, are learning them slowly by expe- Noltiliifi sjieciiii iiiu^i-ea li? c'lleii^tc career. 11^ da. A v.t-ek or t'A'i he siio *ej ilic le.-lbrtai I'll the vactltni, in* recoajn.vin.e.1 liboiiug in hi r ptiitfction? »_„.«»«doing a thriving business, thjughm of rience, and a gradual decline in certain articles of tfiok bis slia-c In iiili-ge spiees, .:Md tje serenui a icl tig t\p>ihieidwo-uls-teri rtrnlen lliueoitcthia.i.nitl li.e (ni--|ie' iiic-e. Wiih rarely a day's inter.'.':i5st in, Diiiitptn.- ve-,ir Wi: a large nnmbNferwofYoprekr,sofaosriby »ciecolvn-.iiu Lr^liv.ie Cmalv.parish,U the only outlet, is by nn liieans a lirst- import demoi.slrates that they now raise on theiri>nii';.:lus o Hi-KACc and Jcv£sAL. tie did incbaii^e 1,1 Ills IrtTin. ,. In.-h ieiter wa? wri-.ien in be si-cri six n-oiiths in ilie worK of puhli .iiing salva- ii'irrer, pniwingi ii'i 1 the Ai.ii Rent difBcuKies. <a»bi.iicr ai f r;n*'"i'tns. lie s«> s r.tni-elf tn.ii in stu'v- lrig the *"ontP'T'ttioibouiiU plyifrom wtalrh, be says, be paid all bis London creditors. Dr. Eixis lived In Brooklya. The drug-bosUwss njLS as bis modeLofsugar propertiea Clarendon, the people are about riving heie he took board at No. SD Walker-street, a He went into Wall-straat. His baak depositbjr a hondred attesms. force of the argument, for the cultivation of coffee The Pariah of Vere, forming the most southern the mother of sentlemea who bare since achieved than It took him to make ...- jeiuiviBlijKl la the most aonthwesterly, as does not demand anything like the labor required in promontory of Jamaica, when seen from the hills dUtiactios in the political world. No very brilliant sueet disgusted.The DoctorpiofessloBai iDdueemehts inviting a sojourn bere, he Cleaned aut of Us cash, tbe Do-tor set lealonsly to strlrltagi he fearlessly rtTM* ^t, dbtarataedtotaLrDotbinr among men saveit.whi^^^ before the nd^ it would oied, and be had married a second time. While named Mcxpbt Insanely Insisted upon being paid for lie But the Presence be Bought aad laUed ea didMeSeetl andplant- AiecKffi. Be le t Boston to go to farming, buying a Ihe Tombs. This arrest and committal launched anywiiere everywhere good, eld -p—tiHrers notthere must he amoney, enterprise and labor are readily found ^ifihteen months he sold his farm and came to this irg retinue of indignant tailors, surgtcal-instrament place place,not i.ennciiLe compoMii-ni ot p iivcliea ;down the river, which, at a lii- estates, the settlers giow provisions not merely for of Ibe losnini. -plates, to say nntiiin< of fair loaile :«rspuit. Wtui.iinie. lir. Ellis hsd stitcrlthit he terest a'xiot i-im s,-iTcnadotiacned ogfrohiws as he adva.iced. acts was their loll pardon. be ci,cii.ne tt.e chiiico of abad eii'tetsed an ear;iesi wljlith4t te sho'iid ne'er enter thu atmf. Tuls wish ne felt1l,e iiew.-i'.ip'.'.'s p.ive pnputarit);fortyalligators, which emerge at night from the man- engaged in field labor. Thus Portland supplies St.groves, where they lie sheltered duupg the day, Thomasin-the-Efist ; St. Anne supplies Trelawny, zealous HIgtj C"urchm»o. *** anxious loat aeshiull na.-k inliMnintion tliiit tt.e Lioctiir had n-j farm in mi: tions, t'cen forttirec months supplying the pulpit of ergsged. , niainest prhjclples ofand come AmoreiertUeto the and Manchester supplies Clnrendun and Vere. In town.soil for Manchester, at the time I write, so far from therethe cultivation otmetci-ai.t bad not sooner li-artied that tne Doctor wi<causing several of hisiberet-y he w«» admitted a member of tne vlrliDiizedpresenting,Eveiy unusualup the beseh quite closetake saceiJotaldistrict,splendidtropical growth,ting pulpilbeing any want of labor, thero are a number of science to m»ke beauway at the law, he determinedhis cvtreer. That spacious edifice, though'^.^-p^ requiresor morere prtkentative, and havuig too much con- ii g in jiefct iwverti. It was unforunate that tne inciit at tJ.ls platM- contributed much to deteriutas jluesatlicset,niesman in the co'ii'"a ooabl- ^^ ^^ ^^^^^^ ^,^article ofscarcely imagined than this portion of the people questmn'^eroent. of is IS ledIr.w-covered novelswhich nkme be iaknown ia this;laige number. His leaving Boston, It should be S'ingbarrings'&ied, was lather u sudilen, as well as uoexiiected,hisname,professional sl^a,BxceUency's bouseoold; aad yesieniarthatmanent labor wholly independent of the valua- and in cefiiult ot money to request the loan tor was close on to being pious. The story of tha SPCBUS.0F, w ho IS so likely to gain the ear of tbe ftsi—Ibeir own properties to look ai^r is absolutelyneeded belore the cultivation of the cane in Ja-busheisIeocceisful'ynecessarUyoccupiedarebut this theory.RET. HKNKY G. GUINNESS.Sketch of the l,lfe and ^liatstertal Career of Rot. Heory Grattan GniDBcss*and prepossessing. In person be Is tail aad slaader, ana of an eafy and graceful maaner. Tbe loos, tkla face, not aluigelher destitute of a healthful Bos, bat sometitcee tligtd with a hectic flush, bean in repose a gtii' e and studious aspect; and when Ugktea up,thej^reai depression of Jamaicanhe gteat good, Raveextendedorrealestilecom-Tbe business was pleasing, exciting, rotnim-c,bemand its actual and posi'ive value. I do not be- lieve that the absence of this contract labor ex-contract or per-able,opera.move from piety,assome one has asserted, the doc-the We know ot Gospel.no prMchar, save Mr.Parish, and soon after begin to ascend the Uau- ble but transient work of the negroes, who have of their jewelry. To carry on this sort of whited sepulchre, unfortunately, goes some way to ing multitude. His appearance Is deddediy singularwhat the Doctoras it t'pqacntl « is,quieta noblehave(>f bis rme to mis mostdirectedssctlfice, which,worthily,isdedouspursuit. NatniehadlavishlyendowedtiieDociorci{.ii:i>,cnl'ur_. graceand taste of the finishedgentie-II1I;Itj.^ngust, 1630,fatbcrwas br ither to Mr. Gtni.Mtsss, the brew-er o' p!o>s.e-vic-iin 8 lire snowr—most ot iliera preferrinif to sufT.r01thst i.s diPVrent partsdis,/i.,\ 1place, whose name will enable the cornec-tioDS. is Ihe larcest snITerer at ibe hands of—and itbit, the servile epithet of Massa," whin audress- ncss of wood and the huge cotton trees that flung ctnhdtiice wid ever fully return to the is'antl. which was of the first qnali'y. Sne ha-! tnreecTil- becL'ine i-nri b >~ anil in>:jfr,-it nt with rccrard 10 reli- fr'.'i/i hi? imrassior*i-j n.^nner taal the conre-*ioa ofin ihe records of the City Courts Tlis seems to me that, wi'hout it, neither caiiital nor la(-y owi ed the Louse she lived In, and the furniture,mi.tft solidcesc-iirticn,tiear wtta gretterwith him to theSouth, ^hecbeerful-yacceeedtotheproposal,soldconrpanyiog her, repairsunuvHehadbeenestates are but the main features of pioceciit in bis banda. The Doctor took the moaey, been rendered v. !se and prompt in dealing with Pardaned ? / passed,histead, a (rt'CtlonaJ p«rt only of His hfc h:s beedete'oped tsefore the Courts. In vie « of this fact,and the .%!i>guiBr!y rnar»od character of hl.'i cireer,nepi'ebelo* a .'oinewlat cxteudfd record of his tap- aid r-bboriseiiir, and sucreeccl In transferring way bacK, f,id with Qisappoin!m»nt, I'ls thougit The Siiiiaii of Tdrkoy has not, to my rseolIectlaB, life. Mcuy of :1h- ftct? were g-itbercd from his ovvn the $2'(itnl!lt o«n pocnet. The doctw'r gave h^r a stiiick him, " iKi nut miny of the people I am pass- ma'ie wholesale slaughter of any forsiga or domssUe lips and taeif accuracv. as *is\ as that of theoi'ier firped note of seciirity, and afterwards, obtaining ing iu the streets need to tie told of sin, and Cfirist Invadera.stall ments gfven. is well attested. A wasted life l^'sst sslon of it. cestrcyed alike t&e evidence of his and meicv V tilled witli this thought, he took up The Hjens of Austria, even, has hesitated to take Duunded wealth and wonderful resources of the the ftbow», there is a moral in foitery and nf Ms indebtedness. Love was not at bis position in a .fetlied part of the town, pnlle-1 out the lives of all "ho have risen against her.siot> au>rrightly iCAd, it nf ^ute Inip't- t»i>ce.and be-ian fctnevolence on his part. The doctor ttatsd thii he siuis wtfe so'in i!r!iwnread aloud. A nuiutjer of .I'ouo-J hi.n. uud he n-en-iit'd(liir Fi'Vral Gjverniprnt has been still more le»- irnt; forii.siance.Gcn. Wii. A. Wiixaa hal aide*as have fallen of in consequanceour Government at New-Orlcaniforson Is the tl^ht iiktne. £llis" being a pta^terujrne-ers very often come to the bays along this coast,and load with oianges and other fruit. I did not and expo< ted to Jamaica at a handsome profit.notice a single sugar estate on the wav. The They import beef, and tongues and butter, thoughhouses of small aelth-rs were•peaking, scarce, until a more open country, in theadjoining parish ol fc,t. E'izabelh. ie reacheil. The K-.'-ses. Tlic\ iinpiirt ni:n'l^*^r»;l and sabnon, an! jt)'- rvH-tt, y. I;i -jii: Mil oiny fiii •]. lie intl lied iani-b the mer- in Jan., 1so7 iie was rec^'vrtd a-? a (iroo-itioner ai St. thealso, coriipOTativclythis vtry parishadvaiita;ie3I pre, Tini-at the eanic cnL-'ance exauiuistion.Africans were wtthout even exe- dischai^ged.nf Mancli^-sttT'oficrsliT itu^ilU' s'ock that no pnrti'iii n( Amorira p(n-— nal snfiix for purptrses of tiisftutseafter Baowa^ras tjorn io 1816, in Uet'Uttk. Cum .e*r)and C>,unty, En-Uad. Illsn, trioo,i.-iia'r.Inily oltcnaigeddaysw»s Dja^itu) s. a t*-K'"ne rt.Tl e.ttifaib^r, mho<*'I > 1 ol '.i.e Itltvul Ui.it a. ii>e] ajiciI'.iuisti Chii-tian en 'c.t*or Uir t!ieo "t n-!•'.*;»- s* *' 1. •11.^ niuttirr <nt)fourOf the vesscL Bvea of the Norh would ao. have askedr;(|tt«;nl.util-ri- 1-s, iliiiin,* several miuiltis,1'. iirook'ji1-id ry forof tte f-ct, wciktd upon the corifi.'enc? of the fenile,aJiilli,rainytje Inmates Irom ass-jra- iiling ai- ne lud arr.inaed, and as he was r^tracin^ htsto say thatia>.preveotedIhe totiom ot this fraud, but fraudulent siiniilavion of his Bitilctoper-tbe money to a p'jor family.A Muriny siifetineichan; was among fiie first to (list over tl-e iioclf-r s j"-c -li -.:'.> In tnak r.irda-ns.i, c- n.ii ts si.c fi'Mi'sCN. tie i<!t--iH' tin- r.i.-t >r i ,.'•" i.i IIP, IV ii. I! .S..I.I i> .1.' i-ilii w'lr-li of i> 11- ill H :rvwas lorn ii-.tt e-ni't'- l-o pi^s-i ssi.iii .,r'urse f.-n. l'.-.;'.'nswas to (nii'f giveaiiidndr;-. Ii- . i: j:•Ihis ivns 111' tir.si. .sef;no.-iTI. iinc'-i- -iir. 'I'm 1,1 •:;•-•. ^i-it licie- tifeii «••"«* i.u'sr-d rtbroad." He r-rrcre.1 w lis ri.'ies'C'.l. n^ sixiji ;iilo-letup It", i.l.'i I! e 1 tMi' s ;ir« >i-l uii' -! lor. In liuii'"-stesling cuting• a ocite lislances in Northern States. It is buttla^l'C^-t>. iiiiin-ieil Of\i.inaMe faiiu In im \ii-init> of St. l.'-»tliariuc.<, v'*-ia-ts II < Di-cTor's statement that he ortr.ed aVi(H*d liarr.'i'Ks,iiarumetropolis,tt.e r-ink auc hie, aad dl.ib a- ei, lut Since tullv rt'leased tlm. Shouldpn at ;ind fol.uvneg-fui Stale of Virginia require more forjjiv'ti:^ -.uriii a.-.tuetaiiti' i,tc;-uM of m-itters at '.ho fa';n. Mls.ol courn ,wa:-all a preiiininao ilo.igenn ItieU.ic-leaders to ne nunir, but tl:eii sentence to imnrisoument fur Itle;a1!•»! no wife I'viie. hilt that a bov. Iiis oni> c^iihi,farm. Tiic uitrcbant, ;if'.*i: his sii^.sllownen theJ|.l^ Yoryo became (kivernormlivin;telegramof tn-business, idaccs. c.'b'nizintone badtA's o;,..lil.ii fjillii-rs- r-* !• "lie i-ale-nil es'a'e. Toe estile ii,iii. aI-.<-n, b"*evt r, nf llie <-nl- 'lies-, eail of tb session ne was fur tpluiebleisceocpuitil.oionnof ihe whole crew.beenof IcrliiJi slantlin? on me rcnJiidaiioiLioWig'-d to ptit back, in a half wrecked conditiria, and!1ship;puir'n^ cases; tbeplay.quickenedto andoh- thought;countries, phases,ii-neciiliegircapta.tnIn from all sides. An irap-^s-andwidows pertinaciously pursued him wlUi thedr pecu-niary claims. The Doctor, after rem»lnlng la prisonwandeilsgs. We content ourselves with simply quotiog the opinloa atseveral weeks, procured ball but bis boadsmen soon ;Few preacher* have evermrestored to bis oldIrr^m Boston creidtors, of which at tliis time he had a qnarlers, where he remained till his recent transfer to a considerable uumber ol the EstablishedSing,cci. er Ti&ahAan,toelieve,ousuchanoccasionInthisnecessary to recapitul.-ite the facts here, as they wereandshoulders, compactlyolperoration•oimlng fresh lady acquaintances, more particu- variations of passion, humor and sarcasm. His fea- the clffeient classes of his hearers waa searchutgaalnity he would during a momiue call in Filth avenae. manyHe Lept hU lijen fasiidioasly clean ant his hair aad raised up to do a large portion of tbe evangailKlo wllskers combed with the same accurate precision work, which It is oa all banos admitted, wi 1 i.«r0 lailomiiiilshIn this country, and is now preaching in tbis for it is fnil and loudle-ninine,coniiBunity.He was bnru inbecome indisdact. That wblehan-: hLs mother the wilow of Capt. U'KsTEaaa,lof.icuici>wnof^-i'in a duel with the Hie D\siklvoyage to tlie sted-Jiness andrt-aspresence oflus dramaticwayofwarmta sympt-Frjm lids voyagewas this Ibe only or chief train be had made. Desirable elements in his natural character had been caded iuto*iDiinccd lelerei.t es be'oie yicbiiug .ter baim to her pose he entere Ne.v Cotiege, London, i>iler his few years, fully parconed by Queen.at N'e'*'occupiC'. bitri^etf anidnij the poor 01' Chelleuhain. lieacCLplaneef.tsoaddicssid ga UieriMgsin the worUhonse aad otherxmx 5: may 11,1. 'e 111 i ni-hl. hut j->yWie,.ten tioics us mnny yetnim, but a lew'r.'''c pp-aie-^ who were lately tried at Savannahi: ,-Montpelier House,ease the mass ot" nrjumcniseven years ef-o ilelcrmiaed logo to sea, having ticn his intense esrne-tne-s, and fad to conjiuleCollege,rewIng the Lord Lieutenant was present with the gaatte-.0 a man. The youngsaalleuiLiites tbe preserceof a gealal aod (yaseslketttSI ill. The I'ai t hi the centre aad long hair, partedorco'tbd not muke hiinself beard to the remo^st coiner ;thisakeit he is sometimes so rapid in his utterance thatartst|ii;es you most, perhaps, in bis preaching is taetnorouglily natural and ir.studled adjress tie em*that is obervabl^ 1styleuirictorial t.r. ,c;i'rp corn,-tirsc'ns, contrasts, figures wdpiecdotts makmguu the staple of both the ser- muDS tht.t 'ne have heard. But whoever 'isrfpiKiitfed with tbe ma'.ter of the preacher, and re-aftLitit,01 ne:i-'t. which stnds au h'S tiioiuhts blowing into the hearts otothe.'s. which Ihcy kindle into Iteucfervor. Thustheyareand stnt forthCctB>LBS has been hailed by all denominations.well as an act of mercy.Tbe present Emperorcuted the matttt m like cases,and should ybcestieiat'e.-a wethe Government of less worthy or upright than h'Aanyof oar States w«*hel'.ir.c:.*s Worknouse, St. John's- Jtisiid. Even lhi.t viak St ite did not executeMsjiy more mstaccts might rrcviius tu leaving college, whicti was in Jiuie, <f (firy have never leqntied 'dief„ or six ara <or. ert. Lick'nii pleiy to make a fit- v.cinlt>. but Ibai be tad a wife aad two ctdliirea'.liv- the TalHtnacle, Moorficlds, London. His engage* fids upare rerts ",»";re'c^oK^uniS*^TM by any jorist aad which will oeinto coo »uh ills guardian, wti) was a tjniiy t'.' '.ne Ma^nr of 6i Caii<arln(«, and re^ieived IK 7, he had, tn^clher with other preaching occupa- cases of ordinary murder, where[.all thecany,any (il»«'' f"'"o^n,ino aliriotions as abut fsmily. ami Into some lesdme families in Briioklyii. accounted almost holy, as having been built aad ocr No other c»n P g^ed. and la a thooahtlesaurnlcalwhat result I have not ascertained, but I Ob the •• Anatomy of tlis OoUc Nerve," and the other About elgb'een months ago. Dr. Eu.i6 induced Dr, or greater numbers ha^ crowded the aame pos, Conceding 'Jiem to have been as wl *»i as ooa-;uiinbv the pubbc opinion of State, strued yoarin hisasdra<-stora, beccbes and aisles,lat tlme'Tr. BcKJiuBT was doing an exccUeut busl- would he coiiicions that Wmisraii) had risen thereaddrassedthis ci^^^f^rof Franco has neverof fiaasaea, !•-voi(» is by no aeaas Indeeawedonotlownlrh heai Is .»'.www.fultonhistory.com 