 roetand there ia every probability of our having at last a toy family could be reached. On motion, a Committes put the right eye, and lodging in the brain. The>Iproducta of the field, garden, orchard, and hot-houss,*" E s s a y s " a eelectitn occupies the first four volumesof the " S kct Writings of Robert Chambers," pub- resume his vagabond liie. The. other day, at Knox- around ber, and its affairs. And so ends her eventful exhibits a small nutmeg plant, which is probably the 2;. killed or murdered, 1; strangulation, 1., Total, 34.; bead of»Mrs.v Jones for some distance, but could not ^ *-" Many are now hard put to it to obtain the very commonest necessaries of life; and if such.be the case now, What comfort can there be in an approaching Winter wi'hout bread? Many have left the cons try, yet many cannot gefaway, and now the settlers are calling meetings in tbeif respective Idealities to fis on some mode of action in harmony with their destitution,related to ns by a gentleman who got the facts from Capt. Brooks himself. If the bird go through his part unabashed at the Fair, ho will create more of a furore than even the Baron Renfrew or our tawny lion, the Japanese Tommy.Number of loads of ashes and garbage removed Number of loads of street dirt, filth, fee, removedKordeth street tes iSes that he paid the aocused $4 on Mr. Decker's account. Tbe prisoner was committed by Justice Con- nolly for examination.MAD COWLOOSE—A BOY INJURED.—On Monday morning %bout 10 o'clock, aa a number of fat cattle were befog • driven through Spring street, nesr the Bowery, one 5Tthe*i dashed tuudci-ly among a orowd of pedestrians and knocked down' Adam Douglaa, alad 18 vtars of age. and gored him se-X.J ^ k W n w Jas. immj, C**«I*a Har«, R7B. Marsh, ft.' <*rtex B.DHoag. Ch* » Morrfa, Joseph F\ c-wapbril. JimesYeefcm'ay morning the doors of Palace Garden were»pck«n of as at Boston; bat the birds had flown tO casm, exchanged between English and French tourists, cultural show Which promises to equal, if not excel, was held yesterday, between the hours of 1-2m anvd2°*l^>««<»;Tia.©byC. Coffin*; WWK S S ^ S a S j i S M i J ^ ^ C i Collin., WflHem Lewi,,JohnBh«»r, Stoddaad Howwdi. 8S-eneca bBaker. BH»«aryr Lock- ^^^7.^^erto^j JolmBurft. Charts Whit*,JohnIV. &Z*!? ' n ° ¥ MfanjT.-fcyinottr Howard. Seam..^. W w t , n$ £ & & £ £ MC ' T J ^ , N ] » 3- Snutn, Stephen r. Law,?•w«8 S??r t ^, -^*^*r ' ' " • " * E. H«rt. O. W?Browne'l. E.XL-.CJBIMWM, J. w . fc^nold*, R. H . >t Jonathan Snvdnr, - . Br b f A r -.3n»''ld», R. H. TnMer, John Pickle,was seriously injured the other day in Boston. He York", is composed, in part, of those eminent merchants,served as an'apprentice with Messrs. Mortimer & -Charles tO'Ctroor, Edwin Croswell, Samuel J. Tilden,gwith ^0 to 50 children for XHinoia and low*. This is the twvTrtJ***** company Mr. Van Meter has taken£^u ^ °I\-i ' «*«i rVulW,L..A.Branch,AaronAndrew*, 1ury $17,000, recovered by him in twe *oit« against_tbebondsmen of Mr. Bokee, the defauldo^T United Stojea followed by addresses by tbe Rev. Dra. Vermjlye and Naval Officer of this District. The fee.i recovereaby•§»pn Brigga, 8. O. Dnfipbrwy, • Oeoit^e Park*. "VWarren Smith, 1,M«ntchikoif, PrintO olenaka. Prince of Nassau,Glass w'as told f:at she would be glad afterward toknow that she. had stretched a point to accommodatetbe party. 'In these circumstances anarrangement wascome'to, and the occupants of the house at the time werepolitely requested to board outforthe night. The prin-cipals arrived in the eveoing—apparently quiet people, rounciDg tlie first tier of boxes, when spying a doored by Mr. Caleb Cope a dozen years ago, and is exhib- and they are generally as vitlainoua-looking youths as ly for a warrant to arrest those found in the premises^ ^«* ited by Mr. Stuart of Philadelphia. The other, shown can be found among the " most illigant piaautry" of The Magistrate granted the warrant, and with this pro- -> ;t by Mr. James Dundas, another gentleman from Phila- Manhattan Island. Two of them go together in a cess Sergeant Marphy and five officers of the Twenty-'^- delphia, is now in bud, and the mammoth flower.will w&goh, drawn by a lean and hungry old horse. These second Ward proc&eded to the house in qaestioo, and. r . burst and exhibit its glories on $he 29thinat (Saturday). there foi nd the absconding wife of Mr. Atkins. WhenIraW/' " "• .......-!>b. .Enoa Barne*. Holli* Adsit, C M.Murray of Elizabethport, N. J., and Clark of Brook- lyn, the Rev.. Charles Jones o f the Seamen's Chapel, and others. Several converted seamen also spoke. Thr.the District-Attorney in the suits amuv»t»d-^5nljr $100; and they were paid by the defending paraph* Government not contribotiDg or allowiog any^thin'g.i'1\V ataon, Bi am Elliot, We*«oa Maeomb^r, Oirf* Searle, John Drew, Art!* Birnlow, Jibn Ctaae, W. Macomb«r, L. 8. Ma- •con.ber, A, 8. Matthewij, Liawrenoe Lafountain, <}. E. Tonsley, , A. Macocob^r, Henry Sampson and one bnndred other name*that are crowded oat foil want of room.— T h e nominee of the Republicans of tne Fifth As-aembly pitfrict, coxxjprwing the Ninth and Eleventh Warda, Brooklyn, u Lncias .C. Andras, and not An- drews, aa oar printers have twice printed it. Mr. An-/drxta -was, two yeart ago, a iai-mber of the Assembly; laatyeax he drclinedjthe nomination in^osaeqaence of Ibn sine? a engagement. On Saturday evening, 22d inst., the ten delegates from the two wards met andcharacter of hie bouse, there wasapecular fitness in thisreadiness of his lordship to welcome his Prince. LordAylmer, though an Irish peer, has been for years a resi-dent in Canada: an early pioneer of that progress and , ale, and the exhibitions being managed iu the epi-it of De Witt made the closing address. Daring the prog-& ^„•*',••,'CbirlesWJaoy display of the kind ever made in this country.We rsjoice to he able to announce the fact since theannual' exhibitions made by the I astitut3 have beensorry affairs, and damaging to its ancient prestige.Time was, years ago, when the annual recurrence of cises there waa not a equate foot of standing room to West. '•'•- : It h e . D u k e of Hamillon, C^unt Osten-Sacken, Princeand Princets RadztwitD, Princ* Stouza, Prince Stirbey,Ha Diichess Tascheaj and her cbarmbg daughter, theDuchess ue Ca-ee; aid the Duke Barclay. The arts satisfisrl with everything and everybody about them.ajar, I BiUntly pulled it open, and, stopping in behind its ocoupents, commanded a full? view of the hand-fellows are called peddlers, and do peddle what theyIt may be well to remark that the unfol ling of the steal. They visit orchards and gardensat night, and she eaw the officers enter the houee, Mrs. Atkins at-flower is always accompanied by the putting forth of a load their wagon8 for the city trade, or-some of the tempted to escape througha rear door. She was seizadtry location, and then hay and corn are etolsn to feedflower fadeB and goes. There are specimens of this the horse, and green corn, potatoes, and garden vege- for examination by tbe Magistrate. The truant wife;Victoria—this queen of all the lilies, this royal plant tables and fruit to feed themselves, and the family returned home with her husband. ,kwhose rose-tinted double flowers'array her in more they board with. Chickens are also added to tha list,glory than even a Solomon—in the basins of the Crye- AraiiMpTED SUICIDE.—A middle-aged man, whose and any other, little things whioh can 'conveniently betal Palace'at Sydenham, each of whose tray-shaped carried off. The writer of this item had a whola name il supposed to be Wm;. Cross, was found on Mon- leaves would make a raft for a child. wagon-lead of apples carried off last Saturday night, day morning, lying upon the ground, bleeding from aand literature had also their representatives, in the per- sons of Dantan, Berlioz, Sivori, Piatti, Mery, and 3ref. At midnight, the«grand Sal n Louis XV. wasthroWri open to the guests,'who partook of a most sumptuous supper, which was laid out in this apartment. Tne entertainment did not terminate until after 5 o'clock inthe morning.In a newly married couple such equanimity mighthavabeen exptcted, but this part of the aftVir was evidentlya hoax, and had only the effect of raising conjectures the beauty and the fashion of la belle France. On*»V' m. . .Texan incendiaries, but the charge not being sustainedby direct testimony, he was discharged from immedi-ate cuetody, with an t admonition to make himself" scar;*'' as soon as might be. lie accordingly strucktbenextyear.Theworkofgrantingandrenewingverv«ucoe«sf»lDoo«er.Why1haw*hese*>f***>\01n»ttell, yet I doubt no capabilities." yIfl hI otnly knew tbat f n a d t h e t«l«nt,—It will be remenoj>ered that some w^eks ago, a lady named White vjas robbed of many tJiamondB at Saratoga, the value o\ the plunder being nearly $0,000. A suspicioaa pair of p« nons male and female, presentlyi kuow from en j own etp».« lenee—wlirttwr you »>*l tttVtt j a Pbrenol >«y -or..... .•••:•! •.,-. aSaaMhPi»*. Emery E*lH'o^tt, Wm. Elliot. DavidMooro. Wm.H . Moore. Jo*eph Thlonjait, A. D. Moor#, EHhn H o ^ , BenjimiaT; Lewi. Jao»*« M. Weston .George Lln^aey. Jarnt»< MtiU ^Diamond," being the diamond seized by tbe East Indiatroops, and genoraUykn»iwn as the '• Kohinoor." —During the last Sikh war an officer in a regimentmaTchmg upon the Sutl*j received intelligence from his agent in England that a legacy of £1,500 had fallen toname o( Lord Aylmer stands at the head of the list of distinguished personages pressnted to the Prince ofWales at Quebec, eays:" Considering his own position and the fortunes andCastle Garden were thronged with thousands of visit-Ann's Episcopal Church, Brooklyn, presided.'" Thel*;*AMERICAN tNS TURAL* ^ | ^i^stff,wad•:r.4 ,r'w-'**w>*'.-'they are fljeonrynwn m the Said who can be aleoted waiting of course until their baokff were tarned, had hy the Fefp'«> "•*•£; " W f u I , J aad finally decided to appeared at a Boston hotel, gorgeously Mfadd, andTHETITJTTE HOR SHOW.TICUC-eight years ago, when they narahcrtd only ifi/ff. There were 1,600 dirt cartmen licensed last year. The fee for their licenses is $1 each, and 25 cents for re* newals. ' -".. i"»-.-..-<-.clearly affi cted with je welry. The police k!* once sent bracketed the list, and written agaoost the conclave to Saratoga for a description of a certain woMm>n-*^erfli» this pitby and caustic criticism: *Teint rouge; appdtit geant- language einbarras&t.' What 3a urigallant " W - t S ^ s M J . C o W ^ H A. Will, Wm. Stramffi, J. Si supposed to be the diamond thief; the description ooiae» scampi Yet it must be owned that the same absurdart th*ir vo'ee for Li coin and Hsmli*:Jaeob Barker. Lyman FleU-.herJo.ht.* H>*g, Sunuel Pine-Oeowe B«d-U, A. Smith, Jahial Pitcher, w ^ f e . Hon* H o'jf«©«m>b*T. Andrew Mo*>bo'»»«, Ed-artf Norton, Joht BUhoD and was found to apply closely to the female j,'18* album is rich in provocatives. A.''rtoning hrfl of sar- thrown open, aod the public were admitted to a horti- PRAVER-MEETIKG.—Tbe above entitled] annhv raary1 >r Peter Roeg "H. Stnnsbsm, Wanes.3WIJMUt*a..•CCnh*»wi«ii. HutstU.Hali'ax, and thence .to Eogland.—Mr. Edward J. Palmer, a manufacturing jeweler,marks almost every page."—TfteDaily NewssaysthatMr.Henry'sCommittee,•<ox^igneo to represent the commercial interests of Ne jr-p. m , at the North Dutch Church, corner of William andFultonstreets. The publicbadbeencordiallyin- vited, and thoy responded by fil ing the church, BOthat in a few minutes after the* c.mmencement of the exer-MOKE CIULDREN y<m TH* WXST^—The Eev. W, C Van Meter Superintendent of the Fourth Ward Kis- ^n, andMr.Alien,oftheRefage,leavethismorning—We make the fi» lo wiog extract from-«a letter re-ceived from a manniacturer near Philadelphia, employ-ing a large number of wrrkmen—-himself and work-men all Fillmore me a in 1856, but now for Lincoln andHamlin: *'The lead ug politicians here are eangoine.that A. G. Coxtin •will come to the moantaios fromPittsburgh with froi a 10,000 to 12 000 majority.; Thisis the Democratic pcrtion of the S'ate. If the Western sword which he now brandishes on the Pope's behalf, sideration of his long B&rvices, tbis gallant officer, part of the State doe i this, ha will be elected by 20 000 as soon asJae shall have delivered the Pontifical throne:?•*« asrwmm gZ • y -; WW—»tftt»i<3$B -jYAfl.aau'i Muaji-rr7- -a.a. Ii )\(, imw^mk miLY TUE^BAY, SIP^EMBEB!W,i860. <'K<•Hunt, the principal manufactaring jewelers in London,and subsequently was in the employ of the celebrated Peter B. Sweeny." , jubilee, and throughout the thirty days of the exhibi- filled, and every inch of even the most uncomfortable THJE BOKEK DEFALCAT;ON.-~iVast week, District-Na<tan," crewn jeweler to Louis Napoleon, and aa-footing was taken up. The Rev. Dr. Cutler of'St. Attorney Roosevelt paid into the U^ted States Trew-coronet of Queen Victoria, the "Mountain LightRev; Dr . Gillette made the openiogaddress, which wasgemleman, after due reflection, and perhaps con- luetnous house possesses as largely the true stern stuff sultation with his comrades, replied that he would of a hardy colonist as any of that.class for whom the.enter upon the work of visiting systematically all the day morning, Henry Norris Pisrrepont, a shoemV^k«v Whether it be attributable to a change in tho Board familifs within its limits could be easily reached; and living at No. 46 Greenwich street, entered*tbe t*w" take it in pale ale;" and the full value was remitted to him in the article of his choice. •—The names of the ladies with whom the Prince of Wales danced at the recent ball at Hamilton, C. W.,title of working men is often exclusively assumed. The present Lord Aylmer is the seventh lord. . His ances- tral liceage stretches back far into. Saxon times, bnt early iu tbe twelfth ceutary the family settled in Ireland. In 1525, Sir Gerald Aylmer was made Chief Justice of Common Pleas in Ireland. In the next century a bar-of Management, and the consequent infusion of enter- prise and public spirit, or not, we leave others to de- cide; but'certainly the show of flowers and fruits, which has already been made, betokens a radical im-be therefore proposed that a masting should bs held, atthe close of the regular meeting, to consider the sab' •ject. Accordingly, a goodly number of pastors and laymen remained. Horace Holden was called to theboarding-house of a widow woman named Hannah' Jonts, and, after calling for a glass of liquor, deliben- ately drew a ehoemaker s knife from his pocket, and cut a gash in her aria, severing a large artery length-Samuel F# But*^worth,: Samuel L.M. Barlow and these fairs was regarded aa a veritable metropolitan be obtained. The aisles, vindowB, and doors wereusibted in setting some ten or twelve years since, in the •—Tlie London Globe, referring to the fact that the tion the avenues and aisles of Nibio's Ga'den andnominated him by ai sclamation. He nsvor sought the are these: Mrs. David McNab, Miss. Mills, Miss onetcy was conferred on ^another Sir Gerald Aylmer, provement in the guidance of the Institute, and augura cbair, and R. G Pardee appointed Secretary. Ad- wise. The woman ran bleeding from her house, Novors.the Inetitute -gradually accumulated a large property, and held a high rank in this country and abroad. Prosperity, however/ worked a baneful influence onSo uninterrupted was'its career of aucaess, thatthis corporation^asit does too frequently on individu-his lot, the information being accompanied by a re- prosperity which Briti&h.North America has realised, a past age, they dwindled into comparative unimpor- ress of the meeting, Horace Holden, esq., called atten- • A WOMAN F A T ALL Y ST ABBED AND S H O T — A * R * S T quest to know "how he would take it." The young and proving in bis own personjthat the scion of an il- tance, and pscuniary disaster. £ tion to the fact that if the Chiis:ians of this city would or THXAssAIT.ANT.—Shortly bsfore 12 o'doak yester-McNab, Miss Widder, Miss Smith, Miss Thomas, Mrs. Knight. (This title.of honor ultimately merged in the a pecuniary success. The long halls and winding dresses were made by the Chairman, the Rev. Dr. 22J Morris street,-to the liquor Btore of James Pita- peerage, and is erjoyed by the present peer.) In the walks of ihe Palace Garden, which last year were gerald, opposite, and rushing up stairs into a roomnomination—it songiitJoxtzumajority. Betting politicians are freely wagering that from all its enemies.he will have 10.000 the eastern part of the State. - —It will interest the sporting world to learn, fromsovereign in camp,:in council, and on quarter-deck, a Republican friend! f/om the W«rt, proposed to can- any one who may fancy bim at 8st. or 8at. 21b., for now represented by one whose energy has helped toWm. Lawraaon, Mits Strickland, Miss Marney, Miss reign of James II. SirMatthew Aylmer (an ancestor in obstructedandcluttsred-upwithaconfaaed displayof Clark,Mr.Pardee,'tbe Rev.AsaD.Smi.h,theRev. wherethefamilywereatdinner,closedthe.doortor^ 1Powell, Miss Emily Mnrney, Miss Proudfoot, Mies the direct line of the present Lord Aylmer) was high in implements, machines, manufactured .goods, garden Dr. Murray, and others, cordially indorsing tbe plan as keep out Pierrepoint. The latter, however, followedBenson, Miss Geddee, Miss Reynolds. Othe naval service, and was made Rear. Admiral of theRed after the Revolution. He was one of thsheroes of La Hogue, and was Governor of GreenwiohHospital. He performed a special and iUaetrious ser-vice in escorting to this country the first eovereigaof tho Hcuie of Brunswick in his journey from Han-over to take possession of the throne. In 1718, in con- show worthy of the environs of London. The greatproposed by Tlie N. Y. Observer two weeks ago, which was that every Christian in tbe city should visit two families; by which means, it was stated, ev~. —Gen. Lamoriciere went on the 15th of last month to the famous chapel of Our Lady of Loretto, and hav- ing, like other pilgrims, offered his devotions at the shrine, eolemnly engaged to present there, cxvoto, thetirely devoted to the attractive, useful, and beautiful—On the steam express train over the New- Bell's Life In London, that " Young Shaw, the cham-York Central Baflr between Utica and Albany, on pion of the feather weights, having partly recovered There is certainly nothing more intereetiog than to find tbe 20 h inst, an thu-iastij Doughs man, meeting from his long illness, is anxiouB to get on a job with the same gallant race who, in other times, served theirwith the appropriate background of coruferce, and de- ciduous shruba, are made more beautiful and acquire new charms. -Entering the main hall the eye takes in at once thepicture of along, high-rcofed room, with long tables day for divine service. After the usual morning ser-vass the train with im. Tee renult was as follows: hot less than £ 100 a side or upward."create a nation spreading over the wide territories of England in America. While the Prince of Wa'os finds in Canada mil-ions re'p?eBenfcirg the artisans and tillersPierrepoint was taken to the Station-House, where ha stated that he felt no remorse for what he had done; that since Mrs. Jones had been a widow (aboat two .-"Lincoln, 90; Doughs 35; Breokioridge, 9; Bell and Everett, 12; doubtfbJ, 18. Lincoln over all, 16.PERSONAL.—Lady Fraxklfcn and Miss Cracroft, now in Canada,vice, according to the ritual of the Protestant Episco- pal Church, a sermon was preached by the Rector.proceed via Toronto, Hamilton, Niagara Falls, and of the soil of Old England, it is gratifying to find that Detroit to Chicago, and return to New-York about the upper classes arc _not unrepresented. Noblesse the 5th or 6th proximo. oblige, and never more" powerfully than when the in-heritor of a fine o!d title earned well in old days and —Among the iaengers who arrived at Boston in —The latest Boston excitement is about "the rail- happily illustrated from generation to generation,the Europft, on Fric ij; were Robert Dale Ovyen, late road conductor with the flower in Iris mouth." It carries the fortunes'-of "his bouse across the Atlantic, United States Mix iter at Naploa, and Mr. ,R>bert appears that this pleasant fellow has a conservatory of showing to our younger sons of all degrees the path tolished together in 7 rolumea. ville,' Tenn., he was thrown from his horse in the ring, —Among the passengers who arrived in the Adriatic and was killed.history!" . .-'• •;...'-•—Mr. John S. D wight writes to his Journal of Mu- collection of coniferse is deserving df general notice, year, 144; from 1 to 2, 72; 2 to 5, 49; 5 to 10,15; 10 to woman 25 years Of age. Pierrepoint is an English- ,£.•his own, and that he never enters a car at morning, ages, to fortune;" he has a family Ij of eons who, we noon, or night," in Summer or any other season, hope, will one day riBe high in the service of the crown.Chambers, tbe w i - cnown Scottish publisher and au-ther. Mr. Cnamt -was born in 1802, at Poebles, 2lmiles South from Idinburgh. His works compriae without having between his lips a flower. —A correspondent of-The Constitution writes from " TheTraditions Edinburgh," " Popular Rhymes /plucked from his owix bower. Conductors in this New-Ycrk as "follows: fof Scotland," " The Scottish Rebellions," " Life of region have a tendency toward tobacco, and somewhat " Lola Montez is stopping at Astoria, with a kind-James I.," " SeouiihBJlads and Songs" In 1832 tropical flowers of speech from the Bowery. friend,, but alas! in what a condition of body and mind !collection of green-house and hot-honss plants, ia all over two hundred specimena, Lewis Menand of Albany who also has a splendid assortment of these plants, George Hamylin, gardener to; Mr. Langley of South Brooklyn, and Dr. James Knight of ttia city whoCITY MoRTALiTY.—ThB number of deaths occurring in this city for the week ending Sept. 22,, was 480, of whom 97 were' men, 88 women, 156 boys, and 139 girls—Bhowing a total increase of 6 over last week, and of 39 over the corresponding week of last year,he commenced the pi-epilation of " Tne Biographical Dictionary of Eminent Scotsmen." In 1844 appeared—The Cleveland u PJaindealer says that several She is not exactly an imbecile, and yet what term will superintends this department 01 the show. Dr. fhe principal-cases of acute diseases were: Cholera ing day he called upon the widow and a»ked what it v more clearly exptess her mental "helplessness ? Physi- Knight has in his large Wardian case, a remarkable infantum, 49; infantile convulsions, 22; scarlet fever, m6ant. She replied that the man wanted to come to years ago, a young lad, the son of wealthy parents re- cally"she is an invalid of a melancholy description. .A' specimen of the Anoectochilus selaceus whose green 20; diarrbea, 16; ioflamation of the lungs, 14; diph- her houee to board, and she wished him to do so.. SheAdmiral Matthew Aylm6r, was raised to the peerage of Ireland, and in 1720 lie was made Rear-Admiral of Great Britain. In tracing his descent from this ances- tor the present lord counts in the line many other an- cestors in the naval and military service's of the cro wu.and others members, to take efficient measures to carry fruits; and the mir gled bright tints of the flowers, seen out the plan. . ^ptpductfl, and objects of taste and art, are this year en-her, and placiog the muzzle of a double-barreled horse- '; pistol against the panel Of the door, fired. A ball from \ the weapon entered the right aide of her head, pattingbut the applicant was very civil as well as urgent, and side, where one could only hear, not see. The hearing or gigantic Australian lily, of which the leaves are Nepv-York is Infested with petty thieves. Some of was an inmate of the disreputable house of Mary E»gave assurance that the party was "highly respect- of a succession of w*ll-worn arias and trios from La twenty-one feet in Circumference and the flower a foot Mayor Wood's "licensed vendoxs" are constantly to be Post, Broadway, near Forty-ninth street. Mr. Atkinaable.'.' There was no differences to terms, and Mrs. Favorita, II Trovdlore. and ths like, sung by stran- in diamtter. One of these is the original, plant import- eeen prowling about the roads of Weetchester County; \^as advised by Capt. Slott to apply to Justice Connol-as to who the party might bo, but on this point all the attendants weire dumb. Next morning at 10 o'clock the carriages were at the door, and the strangers took their Beats. All befog ready to start, Mrs? Glass wasthe stags, in cos*ume, sang a succession of debutants, mostly in well-known trios for soprano, tenor, and bass or baritone.- We noticed two or three remarkably iiae voices, while the method, vocalization and expression of the moat spoke quire well for thsir training' andcalled for, and Lord Churchill complimented her oh the their own ambi'.ion, and the dramatic action seldom cleanliness and-order of her establishment. The lacked abandon or correct conception. A piano-fortewas the only accompaniment. Opposite the stage eat strangers, he said, had been very comfortable, and the the judges, some eight or ten in number; and a goodlyfourth was let loose, iand he displayed g'eat violence. pal carriage drove away, " that you have been enter- of the Conpervatohe), Halevy,' Ambroise. Thomas,;the bandarillas which were pre- Panceron, and younger magoatc&of the mondc musicalc these miniature seas the lazy-motioned turtle ploiai—The Spanish journals relate an alarming scsne at a recent bull fight at Saragoesa. After three bulls, •which did not show much spirit, had been disposed offrightful ga«h in hie throat and several wounds in hia house, The dog died on Friday. Perhaps arm. A razor Jay beside him, and it was evident that the rascals knew it, for they are constantly he had attempted self-destruction. He was convoyedpref^ling about in the daytime or the lookout for a to Believee Hospital, but no hopes are entertained of' iHjw • msalong a canvae-roofed gallery, at; the side of which are lady said she had never slept more s'oandly in her life. collection it was of fine-looking, intellectual heads. the tablet of vegetables, and in the center the two fcy the toreador Cut hares, a popular performer, a "I may now tell ypu," said his lordship, as the princi- Among them you saw Aober, (now Director-in-Ghiif tanks in which ealt-water fish disport themselves. InHe' tore into shredsnsar neighbor they took a harness worth $50, but that that he had been out of employment for some time, and was rather an excess. They generally confine their that poverty probably tempted bim to (sornmit .suicide.operations to tho meanest kind of-potty thieving. They -.,..{' RELIEF FOR SYRIAN SUFFERERS.—The. Committeeare an unmitigated nuisance to the farmers and coun- for the Belief of the Destitute and Suil'ering in Syria, acknow- try re&idtnfc^around the city; and, instead of being ledge the receipt of the following noma, since the last report: *taining yher moat gracious majesty the Qneen aod the- of Paris. . But the vivacious aspect of the audience, the sented to him by the picadores, and then all at once Prince Consort. They do not wish thiatobeknown; eager interest, the intense enthusiasm, aiidtttemurmere leaped over a paliseade at a spot where a soldier was however, until about ten minates after they have left." of delight-when a good point was made, the insatiablestanding, and so injur sd the man that he died shortly The royal party then drove toward Castle Grant, the' rounds of applause after each happy df.but—thit wasatong the bottom, while above him dirt the nimble fish. In one tank is to be shown a sturgeon seven feet in lergih, ugly enough and long enough to frighten obstreperous children into docility. Contributions of vegetables are to be made from the gardens of several noted cultivators, but up to noon yesterday only Samuel Ruth's seventy kinds ofvegetables wereexposedtoafter. A Hitle iater, 1be bull jumped over the barrier among the spectators.! Six thousand persons were as- sembled, and with crioe and screams all rushed to the issues to escape, canning a scene of frightful confasion. The toreador, sword i i hand, attempted to kill theani- znaJ; and several soidiers on duty as sentinels en- deavored to do the sane with tteir swords and bajon- etr; some of the spec)ators, too, fired pistols at it, and in so dving wounded certain per,K>na. At length-fie toreador got in front c t the bull, and with a stab skill' fully appiied laid him dead at his feet. The jouruala do not say that anyj persons were killed or even in-jured in the cubsequei t confusion.—The G^nd Duke of Mecklenburgh Strelitz died ontbe 6<h inst. He was horn Aug. 12,1779, and married l u g . 12,18J7, Marie, daughter of the late Landgrave Ot Hesse CaeseL He succeeded to the Principality on th* death of his fatler, the Grand Dake Charles, on No*. 16, 1816. By his union with the Duche»s who survkres lim, the laU Grand Duke Idave the Heredit- ary Gatnd Duke (wh(' now succeeds hie dac«ased fa- ther) J,ederickWill!;tm, born Oct. 17, 1819, a Lien- tenant-Oeneralin"the'Prussianarmy,marriedJune28, 1843, berRoyal Higbi ess tbe Princess Augusta, eldest daughter ->f the late jind sister of the present Dake of Cambridge, who have issue an only son, Prince Adol- pbus Fwdeiick, now |a his thirteenth year; the Duch- ess Caroline, »oru Jai. 1041821, married in 1841 to the Crown Prince of Den) nark, and separated in 1846; and the Duke George, boim Jan. 11, .1824, and married to her Imperial Higbnege the Grand Duchess Catherine Michaebwina, daughter of the late Grand Dake Mi- chael of Russia. Th> list-mentioned Prince is a Gen- eral in the.serviee of |Russia, and ch*f of the 23d Regi- ment of Horse Artillery, and a member of the Scientific Committee of Artiller; r attached to the Guard.. —Ireland fornishei the following remarkable item, cot tained. in a private letter written at Limerick: " A most extradrdjr^yjK arsrotion has just occurred within six or seven miles of this place. A farmer, when goingover his crops, acconoj ?ani*d b^ some of his neighbors, was so grieved at wi nessing ithe injuries inflicted by rain, &e., prayed U God that be might be atruclr asleep until the fine weather would come. He had only uttered the prayir when he fell to the ground at full length fast a a W > and so fiJtm in the e*r;h that he could not be removed] Ashed has been built aboat him, and hundreds 1 re daily going to see him; he•breathes as naturally « i f he was lying asleep on hisiudted a sight to fee*, arid feel, too, for the moment.^ It residence of the Earl of Seafield, who, however, is at was thoroughly French. And there were anxiouspresent at Bal.macaan, in Glen-Urquhart. They could fares, also; we met thtm in the corridors, as blushinglicenped to steal by their patron eaint Fernando, they should-beapprehendsdaivagrantsbytheMetropolitan Police. A sufficient patrol force must be maintained through all the hither parts of the adjoining counties,A Frit-ndPaW*on.N.J....- ..... Cong*! Cburch, Homer,$ 3 ( 0 douth. Street800X.O.I*«w.C. A. E., Erie, Pa.$10 003«010 00 50OW0 SO 2}«0not have done more than drive round the park, as tbe car-riages passed back through Grantown and took the congratulation of their friends." road to Tomintoul before the people recovered fromtbeir surprise at hearing by whom they had been vis-ted.—A Mobile papeThas.the following:11.. DKOUTH IN KANSAS.—A letter from Waubaunees County, Kansas Territory, dated Sept. 7,1860, says:" This drouth has now laettd one year in this sectionbe over three thousand platefulls on the tables, of. before it will greatly increase ia value, which manyH. Ssroford, New-Haven 20 00 Hawadje, Albany'••• 85 OtS•• 5 OCt i >—Mr.-Young,-the editor of the N. Y. Albion, in one of his recent letters from abroad has the folio wing:His owner has attached the bird to-.'*.'•which two exhibitors alone will contribute 1,000.Carter fie HawleysCliuroh. Kiuderhook............ i l l StW e learn that a full grown and blown Haytien,black as ebony, and bearinc extraordinary powejs fromthe anjrust Jetlrard of Hayti, made his appearance inMobile yesterday, and attracted coneiderabfe attentionHis business here was to promote the emigration offree negroes to Haytl, and he represented that a vesselwas in readiness to transport such emigrants thither asmight choose to avail theonselves of the opportunity. not so as to be any benefit tb the growing crop, and the W e understand that tbe agent waited upon his Honor theMayor, wh< politely directed him to his Worship theSheriff of Mobile County, who iuformed him that thelaws of the State of Alabama did net recognize or lookfavorably upon the objects of his embassy, and advised,bim that a speedy departure from within the limits ofthis Commonwealth would probably beet comport withthe tenor and spirit of. the statutes thereof The Hay-tien improved the hint, made his way, under escort oftheChiefofPolice,tothemail-boat,aodbythetimethis reaches the eye of the reader, will probably be inthe Crescent City." ' ' "'> *Ell wanger & Barry, of Rochester, N. Y., have en of Syracuse, an equal number. A. Saul has 200 piites;" Tbe impertinences and follies that are penned bymen and women in the various Livrcs dtsvoyaecurs,whertin they record their names, were alone sufficientproof of this. It is true that enthusiasm and fine feel- tance from this g»eat failure of crops. . ing cannot endure for an indefinite perio d; audHhat heALLEGED EMBEZZLEMENT.—Wm. Reed was arrest- ed, on Monday, ou.complaint of Thom«u W. Decker, milk-d**ler of No. 155 East T^enty-seveDtb street, who ch*r«e« him with collecting money doe biro, without authority, and with appropri-*"''* ating it to bis own use. Mr. St*pheu Waterbury of No. 74 Eaetwould be a €orry companion who always brought hisatilts to the dinnertable. Still, one must regret that acertain craving fcr notoriety seems to impel so many atourist to write himself down an ass, while no sense offairness restrains oiherefrom commenting, appropriate-ly or unappropriately, upon the names or rema rks ofpredecessors. There is a cowardice and cruelty hereinwhich "has, I confess, sometimes made me augry when so that such action can be taken as will most likelyAmount earned by sweepers. Amount earned by dirt-cartmen. Amount earned by ash-oartmen.gers cf whom you could not even learn the names, was not so much the point of curiosity; to see ths place, the. people aud the way they manago thing*, was much more to our purpose. Wearied with the porpct- na^,rt8pon8e of il n'y a pab de place (hot a-single seat) frpm the ancient goddesses who sat. and watched at •every entrance. I lingered awhile in the corrid >r sur*Wmh •;1inew leaf, which having been previously folded up in villages in the suburbs. Sometimes they have a coun- by the officers and secured. Mrs. Post and two female some little theater. It was "a lively scene; a most curious manner opens to its fall extent as the inmates of the premises wore also arrested and hehtparterre and circles, were densely packed withandexcitedmaidens,whoeoturnswerejustcomiogouor just pftstj came rushing round to seek tho comfort orof country-; there ba» not fallen a general rain since Sep-Tetal••••••»•*•« Previously acknowledged...$421.3*14.932 74 wtember, 1859. There was damp, misty, f ggy weather gaged space for 500 plates, and Smith & Hancbett,in' February last. In May, enough rain fell to briug up•••'«•••«ai5.J54 04 W. A. BOOTH, Twasarer, No. 95 Frout-s*.tbe corn, and, a few-weeks later, enough to keep itgrowing until the latter part of-June, and then corn W. S. Carpenter (superintendent of this department)STREET CLEANING AND ABATEMENT OF NUISANCES.ard all the Spring crops began to die for want of rain 150'plates; Dr. Ward, of Newark, 35 plates; Johnalthough light showers passed over occasionally, butBrill 50 plates; Isaac Hicks 70 varieties of apples; Hov.ey & Co., of Boston, 200 plates; Pi of. Mapes 50 varieties of pears; and Col. Marshall P . Wilder , of Boston is expected! ere with a large contribution from his famous pear orchard.A very remarkable feature of this exhibition will be the number of tinging and talking birds entered for premium, and the aquaria. One bird which is expected, ia a veritable miracle in colloquial power. He is owned by Capt. John Brooks, and is said to be capable of re- peating the Lord's Prayer, and of improvising conver-Bureau of Sanitary Inspection in the City Inspector s Department for the week euding September 22:Abatement of NuUance*.SIR: Please correct a mistake you have fallen into. Joshua J. Henry is at the head of tho great dry goods houseoC „•.; " H. S. ii T., you know," and John T. is the dealer la " old olo."result is a general failure of all crops in this region of country on rearly every farm; by far tUe largest por- tion of land put in wheat,.oats, corn, or rye, has not yielded the seed. Some chance pieces may possibly do so, and pieces tbat do more than that are few and far between. All garden 'stuff and vegetables are a'fail- ure, aid very many, planted until their seeds failed, hoping that something might grow, but all in vain, and now they have no seed of any"kind for another 3ear. ."Sorghumhas;done thebestofanything,and perhaps a fourth or even a half crop may be reached in seme places. Now I think on a fair estimate not. over one in t -oenty has raised enough to live on until ecmethingcanbe raised next year; perhaps a few have moi ey tbat can buy; perhaps a few can obtain money on real estate security; but the larger portion of set- tlers, I t.bintt will have to suffer, unless aidhd by those who have been bleseed wi-h abundant crops at a dis-103 Such a confoundiu* of baptismal names as tuU may lesd to a1Unsound and Ducated Meat; Fith, ^t, teizedand removed fromDROWNED.—About 9 o'clock on Sunday eveniug a yonng man noised S. Freeman, was obierved •trnggllog In the concerned were ailke unknown or indifferent to me., can give to those that need, and thus prevent the loss 01 water nt pier No. 8 N. it.' Ho waa rescu-d and tuken to tue Sti- tion-BouB*, where he soon died of exhaustion. Coroner Sohtr- morhfld an inqneit on the body, ard evidence was adduced showing that deceased recenty arrived from Boston. He 00m- plained f being sick, aodthe physician whoattendei him -was of tbe opinion that he was. crazy He left his lodgings at No. HI Cedur street but a lew minutes beiore bo. was found fn tho water. About $120 was found in his pockets. The Jury rendered a ver-A barge of 70 tons, containing chalk, which was verely. He was taken up and carried to the r««idenoe of his sunk about two months rince in the basin between parents, No. 47 Ooerck staeet. The animal was seoured withoutthe idt-ntity, characters and conduct of the individualsaw*ke a sympathy in their behalf, that those who have fife by suffering and starvation."Wall and Pine-streets, and was !a great hinderanco to navigation,was lifted yesterday, and to wed up to Green Point, by tbe direction, of the Harbor Commissioners. We hope that no objections will be raised in the Board of Supervisors as to paying the bill incurred, as theredoing further damage.INJURED I S A SCUFFLE.—At 2 o'clock on SuodaV* % morning, Poter O'Neil. -whUe skylarking with a friend In Poll street, near Doyer, fell and struck his head so violently agsinattbe pavement us to render him insensible. He was taken to thaw. - N. Y. HoapitahIn place, however, of prolonging this digression, andwiihoutihe leas* notion of proving anything whateverby the citation, I beg to offer the reader a brace ofextracts from the visitors' record book at the Montan- some time ago gave the particulars of the kidnapping vert. The first ticakd me exceedingly, as a gen-uine specimen of the so-called Irish bull Mr. S ime-body had entered his name, and added tltereto this val-uable bit of information: 'Walked up from Cbamouni worse for wear; and from him we learn thesejjuel todict of *' death by drowning."DIED OF WANT.—On Sunday forenoon an unknownmw.wDi found Ijing ia an' open lot in Fifty-fourth street near Fifth avenue, qufte speechless,* by Officer Dooley offthe Nine-much in the way of navigation; and a delay in paying the neceaeaiy bills for removal may cause them to in- cumber the.harbor for the Winter. ' .CARTMEN'S LiCENSES.—The cartmen yesterday be- fan to get new licenses, and reneV their old ones, foron Sunday eight, at No. 86 Cherry street. Justice Stee» look**! him up for examination.in four houis and a half, having Joit the greater part this heretofore mysterious affair. 'He states thatjappnof his way: The italics are' mine, of course; but is not the viot worth its space in print ? My other ex- tract concerns some of my young country women, and I trust that their countrywomen who may read it will forgive me for putting it into circulation. They are very poor lailghcru who never laogb when the joke tellB 'gainst themfcelv**; Lo this io.stance it is w e who pay the piper. A party of, English school ^ girls had bc*<n lately at Montaavert •with their governess, and bad set down their .nau:©8 oue aiur another iu the bi^i» James Mateey, the English pugilist, w a a l a n v s W ,a bee line for Mc-mpbfs, and, as before' suited, book, as is the custom there. A waggish. Frenchman, here this morning.-^[Mens phia Argus, 18th.whonythe BOCUHPU wan taken, held, him for a healing.The atclea->-;;':.":..-.ass;wMARSH NOT HUNG.—It will be remembered that weof a man nanvd Marsh, wherein he was forcibly taken in a skiff to Arkansas This morning, ^ A returned to tho city safe and Bound, but looking, decidedly theSuspicion OF LARCENY.—A young man named*' David C. Gibson was arretted on Monday, charged with robblnfj are now three or four more wrecks in the harbor, Alex. MoCouBell, a sailor, of $70, while the two were t o t e w *landing on thehurried acrosslodged in jail.he was taken out and tried on the charge of being an Hospital, where she dledL Abolitionist,andalsoforbeingincomplicitywithotner side of the " b i g the country to. Camden,creek," he washim to bail to answer. - *'-. .- '• ,. rAdvertlsementlArkansas,A day 01 two after bis arrivvti tb«re#§?Untitled Documentarrived s^-l i c i u c dcurlmenabout6 000, andThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comasFrom the first'hall to the second the visitor passej tfiktn from trees enly a few rods from thev ',;..,New-York....XV. \ i.•••••••••• •• A). X.. XJ•.••*• •••••• *v 1 ' Mrs. A.'view.The frnit show promises to be, without exception••'.;-••.-• ••-•••sation as well.him to such a degree that»he will not receive food fromether hands, and after an absence of a few days, re-ce-n'tly, he was accosted by the mino, or finch, or what-ever-it is, with the exclamation: "I'mso glad to.aee" you ! Come here. I want to kiss you!! " This is Number of carts employed t ••••etnth Wwd, wno convey, d him to St. LukV< Hospital, whrre *>«*rfi death KUBI d.sImo hours uftemad- The Coroner *«yesterday, for eeUlng liquor on Suadsy, and Justioe Steers held •and. o t S f l t d^.^PrMulberry street. 1ear Prince. She was taken to the auw-x ork- — .An uaanown woman was found lying on a stoop in RoiHiiNGABK-KROOM.—OfficerBoydoftheSix-teenth Ward arrested one James Caldwell, charged with stnai- injr a silver w»tch and chain worth **0 from the bedroom ot Edghr A. O ket. of No iTTl We»-t S^veututntb street Aboat 12 o'clock *f»igbt tlie prisoner w-d an accomplice were obsexxed lurkir g nbout the roou. of Mr Oako*. Juailoo Connolly, beforer '^CITY imlm-7——"•V-STREET THE THIRD ANNIVERSARX OF THE Fox'rvwas appointed, of which Horace Holden, esq, washalls are BOlighted and shaped as to afford every Chairman, and George Douglas, A. R. Wetmore, given, Officer Rowland of the Fim Precinct roahed iafacility for a charming display of flowers, shrubs, andand arretted Pierrepont, and caused the woman to be- taken to the Ne w-York Hospital. A chiId of Fitzgerald. 4' who was asleep in the room, had a narrow escape from, being shot, but a Mrs. Kelly, who had attempted toshrubs and plantsin pots. The principal exhibitors in Park, and in a rapidly growing section. honorable eminence. Lord Aylmer; "has given host- tbis room are Isaac Buchanan, who shows' a monsterto show him a sight provided he would go with him. They started out together and proceeded to the rear o f ^ tbe premises occupied by Mrs. Jones, when, upon pushing aside the ourtain, they saw through the win?- •* dow a man employed in Adams' Express Office sitting . ;~ beside the widow, having bis arm about her waitn», . This sight made him extremely angry, and the follow-"•;"his " Cyclopaedia Of EngKoh Literature." To those siding in Concord, N. H., became fascinated with the ft male friend of mine saw her a d*y or two ago, and it velvety leaveB with their ribe, veins, and borders of therite, 12; dysentery, 12; apople^, 10; inflammation Bubsequently got into a passion; said she would do Iglitter of a wandering circus and ran away to join its was enough to make one's heart bleed to note her pic-;M Lola was costumed ffi a half night and half morning etable life. This variety of the anocctochylus cannot cough, 7; measles, 6; croup, 6; jaundice, 4; small- she would pay him back what money he hadgiven her#-works of Robert Cbambers must be added a " Life>ofSir Walter Scott "'1832; " Right Rsv. Robert Forbes's company. He was sought for, was not found, and was tureeque limnings of the wonderfully changed woman. golden silk, are among the rarest productions of. veg- of tbe brain, 8; teething, 8; typhus fever, 7; hoopiog what she pleased in her own house; told PierrepointJacobite Memoirs,'* edited 1834, 8vo.; Aucienit Sea- mourned for aa one dead. He became a skillfal rider, robe, and she sat in a pretty garden, her hollow cheeks, be bought in London short qf-fi, pound sterling pox, 4. Total, 265. Of chronic diseases: Consump- and that he might go about his business. This was too M Margins, as Illustrative of Changes of the Relative and rose in his profession. Three years ago he was sunken eyes, and cadavaroas complexion formed a re- the plant. Dr. Knight also shows a fine tion, 72; infantile marasmus, 49; dropsy in the head, much for him to bear, and he then committed the mur-Level of-Land and Sea," 1848, 8vo.; " Life and Works performing in Mississippi, when hie brother recogoizod maikable contrast to the gay flowers. She was unableof Robert Burns," 1851-52, 4 vole. 12mo.; " The Do- him and induced him to return home, he be ng still to utter aq intelligible word, except spasmodically; and thrifty cinnamon tree which he imported 12; dropsy, 8; albuminaria, 7; adult marasmus, 5; derous aseault above described. After the assault ha ;" *after jepeafea^eflprta. Her mouth was frothing like last year from Java.' It is a mere shrub yet, but if it cirrhosis of the liver, 4; palsy, 3; cancer, 2; scurvy, attempted to shoot himself, but was prevented by tha , -' mestic Annals of Scotland from the Reformation to young. The reclaimed man entered Dartmouth Col- that of onejn-partial convulsions, and* she was uncon- grows as-rapidly as it ha» during0 the past twelve- 2. Total, 181. Of deaths from external and other crowd, and fearfully kicked and beaten until the pohee ~:the Revolution," 18i8, 2 *ols. 8ro.,pp. 1050, and many lege and was progressing rapidly in his studies, when scientific and other eesajs in periodicals. Of these a circus company visited tbe village of Hanover, and.-ssiously wiping it, .as little boys do, by drawiogit' across the sleeve of her-dress. Injyfact, she had the month, it will be large enough by and by. The cinna- causes: Casualties, 6; old age, 4; premature oirth, came. He was subsequently taken before Justice • i.strange,wildsppearanceandbehaviorofaquietidiot, monmustbe-fiveyearsoldbeforethebarkisfittobe 4; drowned, 3; cyanosis, 3; compression of the Kelly,whocommittedhimtotheTombs. Dr. Weiri . ho obeyed bis impulses once more, leaving college to and is evidently loal to all further;interestjn the world - stripped off, dried, and used as a spice. Mr. Buchanan brain, 2; delirium tremens, 2; intemperance,2; poison, House Sargeon at the Hoflpital, traced the bal&.in the '****-on Sunday were Bishop Potter, Henry James, wife —On Tueeday forenoon, says The. Inverness Courier,and ismily, William xbung. editor of The Alfrion, with a gentleman drove to the door of the comfortable inn orhis wife, 6. W. Elliott, the Rev. Dr. Prentiss, wife hotel known as the Grant's Arms, in the center of the vatoire, at every door of which, as at all public en- orchids, placed in moss in pots, probably from a deiire 60,129; 60to70,12; 70to80,9; 80 to90, 2; 90 to 100,1.man, but has lived in the city many years. ^•BREAKING UP A DISORDERLY HOUSE—ATRUAirr,"^FE.—On Sunday evening Mr. Horatio Atkins, of Nou. 233 Thompson 8treet,called at the Twenty-second Wardand frmily, and J. Gi Cogswell.—On the 30th nit Baden, the Dnke of Beaufortgave a magnificent to the elite of the aristocracy inthe row salonsof M. anazfet. The Countess Stephanie gage the whole houee that night for a newly married- "•'Charles Aucheeter' of his ideal musical nursery and two, but remarkable for the color of its flowers.de TaechtT de la Ps h did the honors on the occa-aion. TheSalonLotiXIV.wasappropriatedtothedancing. The root were most appropriately deco-rated on the occaeioz The guests were princes, em-oaeea^oxs, and loveto women. Among .the most dis-tisguished were the •ince and Princess Dolgorooki,Pxince and Pxiccees Gagarin, Prince and Princessferent wings. It reminded one of tht> description iacoople and their soito. The worthy hostess demurred, bee-hive soniewhere in Germany^. Finding the en- The tank in the center of this hall is intended forasehemighttirosexcludesomeofherbestcustomers; trancetotheSalleorTheattr,I"e^ghtjnvainforseat twoextraordinaryspecimensoftheVictoria Regia or standing-p^ace, s>ive in tho higuest corridors, out-Welsh, 1 Westludian, and 1 Prussian. A.'s) wife had left home ontbe 16thinst., since which, time, till a ehort time previously, he had heard nothing,T&IEVES INTHESuBCRiis.—Thecountryaround ofherwheieabouts.Hereceivedinformationthatshe>tOpera. Entering tbe broad .courtyard of the Conser-open equaie which constltitutes the village of Gran- trances, a soldier stood on guard, the ear was at once to save them; among whioh no one will fail to notice Classified in respect to their nativities,' 330 weie Ame-town, the capital of Strathspey. He obtained audience saluted by a babel of loud sounds frcn cornets, trom the rare specimen of oncidium Carlhagenensis,ejxd ricans, 89 Irish, 39 German, 5 English, 5 unknown, 4»ST. TIMOTHY'S CntmcH.—The new church edificefor this-paiish, of which the Rev. G. J. Geer is Rector, •uecue Mrs. Jones whenshe was at first.assaulted, W Mand which is situated on Fifty-fourth street, betweenseverely cut in-the arm and face. *-the building fund, was quite liberal. The buildiag i3stantly splashing in graceful curves; and, away back plain and neat, and will accommodate comfortably four discarded him. On. Sunday evening, while* sitting -at the end of the room a raised platform filled with hundred persons. It is located in the vicinity of Central alone in his room, an acquaintance came in and offeredthe Eighth and Ninth avenues, was opened on Satur-running through its whole length covered with cutflowers and pot ed plants; in the centre of the room avery large tank filled with water, over whiih orchids, His assistant, the Rev. Mr. Tatlock, preached in the months) he had spent every cent of money he hid upon I or air plants are hung fr>m wooden arms; another eveniug. The offertory, morning and evening, toward her. She was poor, he said, and he had taken,care of TM basin into which a number of jets of water are con- her, and she had agreed to marry him, but had nowonly one of the kind in this country. Mr. Menan's Classified in respect to their ageB, there were under 1 ascertain its exact location. Mrs. Jones is aa Irish .sic the following sketch of the French Conservatoire: both -for the number of varieties, and the health and 12,1; 12 to 15, 6; 15 to 17, 3; 17 to 20, 7; 20 to 25, " I witnfssed forppe hour the competitionin Grand compactnesfl of the specimens. Buchanan has some 21; 25 to 30, 22; 30 to 40, 51; 40 to 50, 32; 50 toof the landlady, Mrs. Glass, and said he wished to en- bones, clarinets, etc., from earmst -studenta in the dif- epidendrum vitellinum, the latter, the Bmaller of the Scotch, 2 /British American, 2 Swiss, 1 Italian, 1 Staiitn-House and informed Capt. Slott that his (Mr.place to operate upon at night. FrOm a stable of ahis recovery. A person who knew him by sight-statedone cf thb best ever made in this country. .There will, or the owners of land will have to wait a long time O « J \? m*••'•• ••••••••A Friend, PrattvilJe, Ala. 2 50 . Texas. San Antonio,of them are waiting for. They must first be willing to pay for an extension of the police, to rid the country <f these hordes of pet'y thieves.Total.. ;—The following is a schedule of the work done in the to t*e Editor <rf Th< Ut, Y. TrOvn*. ^>Complaints of nuisances, &c., receivedCompluintsfor whioh no cause existed...... u^oti'CKBCIved.........«.«........................ ..... ••.... 92di»solution of the Union. Pray set the anxious publio rb»ht. Neu>- Vork; Sept. 24.1860. VERITT.i 1.236 ,>£i^j 'xSut . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . • » • • 850 , Other Meats—Number of pounds......... ............3,580The following sales were made yesterday by A. J. Bleecker, Son & Co.:Beef—Number of pounds. Veal—Number of pounds......... Kisb—Number of pounds l'onltry1—Number of pounds...11 years' Lease of House and Lot No. 69 Barclay st House and Lot No. 153 Adama-*t., Brooklyn.$9,WO 5,500the city.IJsgs. •..«..'<*>•»....»«•«»«(• •»*• A Street-Cleaning. „,.. Number of laborers employed. ..........•••?••«•••• £2^•• Total amount.. *•••••••••' *. . . . . «. . *. *w.ill continue for about six weeks. A now license oosts $2 50, sjjd a license, renewal 50 cents. Last year tho1 would go nt it" heart and b^ui'' Oo *t ov^ (r WL»a 4cw a sT!TZ « s i . ' • ••..-«»«•.—»• to your duty iu otwjtoa' the feeUajr,. Their analysis of ti.vnu Is »<-> oomplote that on genetai piU'^ipUa you will be tuiia-.number ofthere m e now nearly sis times as many as thsre were euoed la your oplnlost.. . . . . . f t , * * l......3,540 $8>9 8"iS81 12 1,833 9d.$8,465 S5J--.. 132 209 888 .50 9Abatements ofuuisances, under notice •Sinks and water-closets cleanedNumber of loads of night-soil removed from city limitsDead horses removed from city limits..Dead cows removed from city limitsDead dogs and other small animals removed from city limits. 135 lLotN. S. 121st-Bt, 2-5 feet east-3dav., 15x100...!. ...$7Ct Numberofbarrelsofoffalremovedfromcitylimits..........3,100A. Stone J WCutter•• •*•••••..r.»#»#••••••• • • • * • « •O U'» J. A. B500,LD.. . . . 5 00 Alamo,in ••::•woman fell senseless to the floor, and the alarm being50 00 R*.fm*d. Dutch3 00 10 00Sales of Real Estate at auction, Sept.-24, i860, by- ".,M Adrian H. Muller:CHARLES, sometimes I believe I co'jld make a\\ KUi-s, No. 30« Vr^adway, snd they win c.r tnv UCc T0U*;,-KIf I onl£ knew tbat t o 0•• property wua oot recovered.r , '.•!«^3» I *cm • • •-' -" ' — - '.- ' . ' - • ' h it&i^y^fte+Jtv^^AlJmktmitiBWi*^;: 