 THE WHOLE NO. 8692.THE PRESIDENCY. r6it*rtisteaeealleitzee*of'«•-*! right to settle with their prepitja^WMMWMXM^^WWWTIE CiMFilC* 1BAUV BEGOT. •MMMMMMNMMMMINMYORK HERALD.ty !• th* TerTMRry, deatreyad ofinjarod' by (^ngreSonaJ or Territorial leg*the next ton years of bis life devoted himself to his pro- fession. In U N he hecame a candidato tor Coagres* agaiMt Felix Gruady, one of the popular men mthe 8Utei of principles by tbe Democratic Convention at view* on public questions are marked by solidity and it i in tbe year 18M, believing that democraticmanifestations could be expected, and it is at once with a deep feeling of gratitude for what kindness there was in them, and of great diffidence that I attempt te ad- dress you on this most solemn, most momentousopteft are unchangeable in their nature when applied M tbe tame subject matter, and we rewtninend as our «*Jy farther resolutions the following:—That inasmuch as dilTerences of opinion exist in tbebreadth. These qualification* induced t h e party t o •elect him as their candidate ia 1851—a Congres- sional nomination in opposition, to General Leslie Coombs, a strong man—and the result was tbe elec-kept a school, in 1813 ho enlisted in the army, underGeneral Jackson, in tbe war with the Creek Indians. Hedistinguished himself on several occasions, and at theconclusion of the war be had- risen to the rank of lieu- occasion. Be not afraid, however, that I shall tres-tic party as to the nature and extent of tbeof a Territorial legislature, and as to the tion of tbe democratic nominee. In 1863 bo wasand duties of Congress, under toe constitution of re-elected, after one of the hottest canvasses ever known the United Stabs, over tbe Institution of Slavery within in the State. His opponent was Gen. R. P. Letcher.pass long upon your kindness and your attention. tenant, hut soon resigned his commission and commenced But a few remarks from me will lay the foundationtb« Hrniiw.es,••solved, That tbe democratic party will abide by thedecision of UMSupreme Court of the United States over fa* institution of slavery within the Territories.Among his numerous and brilliant speeches, that on tbe tbe same lineage still reside in the eastern part ofnot been at all discouraged by the emotion which has been attempted to be treated in this body by those woo have seceded from it. We from the farthest South were prepared. we bad beard around us tbe rumors which were to be initiatory of the acts which you have wit- nessed on this day, and we know that con spiracy winch had been brooding for months past would break out on this occasion, and for the pur- poses, whk'h are obvious to every member. Sir, there are in political life men who were once honored by popu- lar favor, and consider that the favor has become to them an inalienable property, and who cling to it as something that can no longer be wrested from their hands; political fossils, so much encrusted in office that there is hardly any power that can extract them. (Applause.) Tbey saw that Ihe popular voice was clearly manifesting te this glorious nation who was to be ber next ruler. More than eight or ten mouths before this Convention assembled the name of tbat future ruler of these States had been thrownIt-solved, Tbat it is tbe duty of tbe United States toaJbrd ample and complete protection to all its citizens, at dered to him the-mission to Spain, but domestic af&irsborne or abroad, and whether native or foreign bora. Besolved, That one of the necessities of tbe age, in a miiitary, commercial and postal point of i lew, Is speedy •aanmuaication between the Atlantic and Pacific States,•Ted tbe democratic party ptedge such constitutional enforbade its acceptance. Ever ready, however, to do bat- tle for his party, he did not hesitate to accept the nomi- nation for Vice President on the ticket with James Bu- chanan. He was elected, and entered upon the duties ofaetment as will insure tbe construction of a railroad to his office in March, 1867. By virtue of his office be is the taw Pacific coast at tbe earliest practicable period.by an overwhelming majority, resigned his office sfterserving two years, and removed to Arkansas, 400 milesnorthwest of Little Rock. In 1832 he repaired- to Wash-ington and laid before the President the clearest and mostoverwhelming evidence of the conduct of the governmentagents in their dealings with the Indians, and the resultwas the dismissal of a large number of principals and ac-cessories. During a subsequent visit to Texas, he was re-quested to allow his name to be used in the canvass fora convention to form a constitution for Texas, prior to itsadmission into the Mexican Union. He consented, and wasunanimously elected. The constitution was submitted toPresident Santa Anna for approval. It was rejected, witha demand for the Texans to give up their arms. They de-termined upon resistance: a militia was organized, andAustin, the founder of the colony, was elected Command could not be exerted on tbeir side without dis- er-in-Chief, in which office be was shortly after succeeded gracing itseu* and disgracing the canoe (Re- by Genera! Houston. He conducted tbe war With vigor, newed applause.) When this Convention assembled and finally brought it to a successful termination by the at Charleston tbe idea bad not -yet struck their mindsResolved, That the democratic party are in favor of tbe President of tbe United States Senate. As a presiding aoauoition of tbo island of Cuba, on such terms as shall officer be takes a high rank. He ha*just been elected tobo honorable to ourselves and just to Spain.Keaotved, That tbe enactment* of State Legislator** toOelrsi the faithful execution or the Fugitive Slave law are hostile in character, subversive of the constitution and rerohiixaary in their effect.am-CHia or TH« CANDIDATES. flnran an*ou> BOVOUM, or IIXUOI*.I subject of this paragraph was born in the town ofi the State of Vermont, on the 23d of April,tbe United States Senate for six years from the 4thofMarch, 1881, to take the place of Mr. Crittenden, whoseterm then expires. Mr. Breckinridge is about thirty-nineyears old. and is possessed of a moderate fortune, accu- he was elected to the Legislature by the whig party. Dur-mto the canvass, and was before the people. Instead of bringing a candidate to oppose him. instead of creating before the people issues upon whicn the choice of the na- tion could be enlightened, instead of principles discussed, what have we seen r An unrelenting war against the la- dividual presumed to be the favorite of the nation. (Ap- plause.) A war waged by an army of unprincipled and unscrupulous politicians, leagued with a power whichI f i a , sad :s now in th* forty eighth year of his age. Hisfather, whoa* name bo bears, was a native of Rensselaer fifteenth year be became a clerk in a mercantile boose iseeaaty, ia this State, where be was a practicing physi-Indiana, la 1821 he married and settled on tbe bunks ofcian. He died leaving two children, one of them the the Ohio, in Indiana, where hi* family continue to reside.subject of this notice, who was but two months old In 1822 be was chosen a member of tbo Legislature, serv-was elected to Congress in 1846. and served til! IS49. elected to the United States Senate, to which he was re- While in Congress the Wilmot proviso warfare was inprogress, and which disturbed the peace aud harmony of elected in 1853. His term of serv ice expired iu March,tbe eountri. until it shook the foundation of the Union 1869, since which time he has been living in retirementbeen etieeicu conid be based upon the doctrines of tbe distinguished gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Yancey), who has fathered this secession. It was presumed by these political intriguers outside of the Convention, who were manceuvering the measures through by which tbeat that time. Stephen Arnold Douglas, at the age of feuruen years, apprenticed himself to learn the trade. ef a cabinetmaker, at Milbury. At this brade he wrought tor two yean, and getting wearied of it, be sought the means of procuring an educa- tion. Be was admitted as a pupil in the Canandaigua Academy, and entered upon a course of classical stadies, and at the same time stodied law w itb an attorney of that village, and while there evinced a fondness loring in that capacity, with occasional intervals, until 1846.He supported General Jackson in 1824-28-'32; Van Burenin 1336-40, and Polk in 1844. His course while in theStole legislature was marked by a devoted patriotismand a smgleness of purpose to advance the prosperity ofIndiana. He was most active in the arrangement bywhich the state was saved from bankruptcy, and berhonor from tbe stain of repudiation. None but those whowere residents of the State in that trying time can suf-Worn public life.In the Senate Mr. Bell opixwed the policy of annexingsigned a treaty acknowledging the independence of Texas,and in October of the same year he was inauguratedthe first President of the republic. At the cud of histerm of office, as the same person could not be con-stitutionally elected President twice iu succession, he be-came a member of the Texas Congress. In 1841 he was destruction of the democratic party was to be effected—politics. In 1833 he moved to Illinois, and for some time ficiently estimate his invaluable services on this importanttaught school in the village of Winchester, in that State.While engaged in teaching school ho still contiuued his question. In the year 1846 be was a member of the Statewhich he was a member, he advocated the uoraination by a canvass of his own Stale. In 1852 he constitution.em men to disguise tbe true object of that movement. Secession from the democratic patty can be nothing else than a disruption of tbat party at the very moment when the hopes of the whole nation are hanging upon its con-it m th* duty of I4» federal 1*1drew Jackson, then a candidate for the PresidencyJohnQumcyAdams. Mr.Be.ilwaselected. Byelections he continued a member of the Hones ef flap* a- •ideration were those relating to the Orescent Citythir-J>^i-.tsdepartiant*,toprotecttheright*offsure*for tlio total and unal suppressioa ef that execrab.eits consti- traffic.10. That to the recent vetoes, by their federal Gover-lic business made tbeat months of most severe labor. Among the importantmatters that demanded his con_ a Territory haviSR an Third—That when the settlers in a Territoryadeqnau pepobthm torma-State constitutKio, the rightnors, of tbe acts of tbe legislature* of Haass* and Wti braska, prohibiting slavery ia these Territorial, we tlnd a practical illustration of th* boasted daaweratto principleeentatives for foerteen years. He entered Congress a warm adanirer ef Mr. Calhoun, and strongly opposed to the preteottoe system, against which he mad* a spr chsteamer. Lobe* Island*, aad th* negotiations pertaining to the fisheries, he concluded an international oopyright con vention with great Britain, and a Coasmar Canveatiou with France, and rettowed th* whole subject ef Contra!The Douglas Convention target to name th* place of holding th* Democratic Oocvwniion in 1M4. Perhaps they thought such a resolution would be superfluous, a*u*donght to be admitted mto the federal Union, whether Ft* comrtitntioo prohibit* or recognises the lastitatioa ofceptiea sad fraud involved therein.11. That Kansas sheuid, of right, be immediately »,!mitted as a Mate aadar too constitution recently fornvvjhave made provision for such a contingency, and named nuiadelphla a* the next ptaca of meatteg, which oertajaly doe* not look like a dissolution of the Union.Reenlvrd, That the democraUc party are ia favor of th*aoqtmition of the island of Caba, on snch terms as shall Representatives.the P*ci*c Railroad, and in favor of th* policy of ira PUMMI8OFDCSEVERALPARTIES.heMMMwahletoewmlvnandlosttoi*pnva,attbeearliest 12.That,whileprovidingrevenuefortbosupportof provingth%K"«*triversandlakeharbor*. Withallhi-practicable maeaent. the general government by duties upon imports, sou.id*M"W*i''W**»«*fc^'''*'"b***V»rf*«''*'',«''*^** Reaerred, That the enactments of State Legislatures to policy requires such an adjastanent of those impose as to apparent admiration for Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Bell opposeddefcat the ttlthM exwation of the Fugitive Save law are encourage the developemant of the industrial interests of tbe Scttth CaroKaa doctrine of nullification, and was made CABlADA'r'bff• hostde ia charactor, subversive of the constitution and the whole country; and we commend that, policy of na- Chairman of the Judiciary Committee of the House oIt t* expected Mr. Douglas will make a strong pro- slavery reply te the communication announcing his eoaai nation, in order to take the Southern breese out of Breck-revelutwoary intheiroRect. tional exchange* whteh secures to the working meu Reaotved. That the deaaocracy of tbe United State* re- liberal wages, to agriculture remunerating prices, to me cegaiae it as the ixaperative duty of this government to chanics acd manufacturers an adequate reward for the;*E 0 « c t i a W t u t t i a c t o A o f t h e protettthoaatorallaot citisea m all his right*, whebher skill, labor and enterprise, and to the nation commercial at home or in foreign lands, to the same extent as Its ua- prosperity and independence.Representatives, v.ith special reference to th* questionconnected w th that subject whicb might have to be oon-sidered sad reported on. For ton years no was Chairman ef tbe Committee on Indian Affairs. He was infavor of a United States Rank, though be voted again*th* hill tor its recharter in 1832, because,as it is alleged,he believed tbat the subject was brought up at that t i m e -four years before the expiration of tbe old charter—merely to deflsjt General Jackson in the ensuing Prosidentia] election, and because be was afraid tbo Presi-dent would veto the bill, which proved to be the case.He pretested against the removal of the deposits, and re-fused to vote tor a resolution approving tbat measure.This refusal was one of the causes which led to thesubsequent breach between himself sod PresidentJackson and th* democratic party, and finally to hisco-operation with the whig*. This change of party rela-tion* was much accelerated by his election to the Speakersbip of the House of Representative* in 1834, Ia Juneof tbat year Mr. Stevenson resigned tbe chair nponbeiagnominated Minister to Great Britain, and Mr. Bell out tbe county. His platform is tbo record of bis public was elected to succeed him in opposition to James K.dsejdod upon by1*f ihe democracy at BaMimer* t o Saturday last th* hst af candidate* tor th* chief magistracy«f the I'm** to be vote* lor * November neat.The so!iU«*l haitle ieM, lav* b*U*er*at parti**, the ha-ajsaf eperatrtaw, and the grant strategists sad their sub-trrohor. citiama. w!wrM,0*«tu'Utofr<«wrtnoces«iti«toftheage, in apolitical, oamaMircaal, postal and military point of view, * * speedy communication between th* facido and A hReoorved, Taat the national democratK; party do here- by pledge tbetofelves to use every means In their power to seenre the passage of seme bill, to the extent of their cfHBatJtutioual authority, by ObRfjiees, for tbe construc- t**n af a Paeile Railroad from the Mississippi river to tbo Pacific ocean, at the earnest practicable momentRKRfCMRt OP THE CARDIDATSS. joaot e nmxnnnmm, or tan tear13. That we protest against any sale or alienation to others of the public lands held by actual settlers, and against any view of tbe free homestead policy which re- gards the settlers as paupers or suppliants for pubiia bounty: aad we demand the passage, by Congress of uiu complete aad satisfactory homestead measure whicbtks already passed the House.14. That tne republican party is opposed to any change in our naturalisation laws, or any State legislation by which the rights of citizenship hitherto accorded to im migrants from foreign land* shall be abridged or im- paired; and in favor of giving a full and efficient pro- tection to the righto of all classes of citizens, whether native or naturalized, both at borne and abroad.elaborate speech on the Central American question. Such is a brief outline of Mr. Everett's career. Though past tbe age of sixty-four, be is still in tbe full vigor of his in- tellectual faculties, and his latest efforts surpass in raeri even those of the zenith of bis manhood. Those who re member his oratory thirty years ago recognise in it the same fire and energy that charmed them at tbat period, refined and chastened by long practice and familiarity with all classes of auditors. It is rare to find a man who has led so laborious a life, displaying, after years of toil, so keen an interest in every movement of lire and affairs. Though classed among tbe conservative men of the coun- try, he is tbe eloquent advocate of rational progress in every form of social developemeut.Sam Houston has been nominated for the Presidency bywere swallowed up by the unit ruia The exact votes tar him, if beads were polled, would be 138—comtiderably leas than a majority.The nominations of both the Democratic aad 8so*dcr*' Conventions were received well here by their respect ire friends, but all th* outside enthusiasm ia lor Dougla*. There was much excitement last Bight about the hoist* The nomination of the Seceding Convention was tendered to Mr. Guthrie's friends a* well as te Mr. Hunter's, hat both candidate* declined. It is understood that Mr. Breckinridge will accept.A challenge ha* bee* sent by aAr. Smith, of California, to Mr. Neebitt, of Illinois, who was the delegate who de- cared in the Canventioo Jdurtng Mr. Smith'* ooVnsiv* re-aMens, who wiil —****' the fight for power aad the111**, aim tew fully before the public; and to make the Mr. RrecfeiarMfe, the candidate for President, was lft. That appropriations by Congress for river and har-THE PEOPLES' CANDIDATE FOR THE PRESI- DENCY .born near LeirngtoB, Ky., Jaenary M, 1821; was bor improvement* of a national character, required for ' still mere clear to oar reader*, we publish tbe educated at Centre College, Kentucky; spent a few the accommodation and security of an existing com-i adopted at each Coaventaw aad th* candidates' months at Princeton; tstcdicd law at the Transylvania merce, are authorized by the constitution, and Justified by the obligation of government to protect tbe lives aadwith bri*f •*****• of th* mrrxm rendered Institute, and was admitted to the bar at Lexington, property of its citizens.the State of Texas, and at various local meetings through- marks, tbat if Mr. Ctwhlng, the President, would not protect tbe members, they would protect themselvesby each ataa to bit countryTHE DOUOUUB DEMOCRATIC CONTENTION,where be practised bis profcEStan with success. Daring the war with Mated be served to one of the Kentucky re- gimeat* a* Major, aad whilst ia that country made many16. That a railroad to the Pacific ocean is imperativelydemanded by the interest of the whole country; that thufederal government ought to render immediate and effi-cient aid in it* construction; aad that, a* preliminary cratic party. Mr. Bell was supported by the whigs and there to, a daily overland mail should ho promptly cs tab-life, which is rather too long for tbe columns of tbe HXKAJLD.SKBTCHB8 OP THE MAN.Sam Houston was born on the 2d of March, 1793,A large number of persons went te Washington today, both the friends of Breckinridge and of Douglas. Most ofthe New York delegation return to night.BKLS ram w CHAAUBSTOM. i n a 30, AND AITKH- warn fnand* amongst the officer* of the army, and es-WABDB IN BALTtsMMB, JOW« 10. TBI CAXBMUimJbrrrfMmt Staph—) A. Douglas, of Illinois. Jbr Fiat PmvlmU.. Benjamin Fitspatrick, of Alabama.TH» ruATfcmm.Beartvtd. That we. tbo democracy of the Union, inCea vention aaaembled, hereby declare aur affirmation of the rceoralioe* unanimously adopted and declared an aUbliibed an honorable reputation as a soldier and a gen Ueman. Hi*campaigning over, be retained to the prac- t.ce of law in Kentucky, where he soon made a name tor himself at a bar renowned for the learning, eloquence and acumen of it* member*. Ia 1841 bo was elected to the State legislator*. In thin net* sphere ho atoooa es- tablished lor himself a dtsttofoJahed position a* an orator. His style is compact, severe and logical, whilst hisItohai.17. Finally, having thus set forth our distinctive prin-ciples aad views, wo invite the co-operation of all citizens, however differing en other questions, who substantially agree with us in their affirmance and supportSKETCHES OP THR CANDTDATES.ABRAHAM HXC01N, OF C.UX019.Abraham Lincoln, the republican candidate for the Presi- dency in the campaign of 1860, is a native of Harden county, Kentucky. He was horn February 12,1809. His parents were born in Virginia, and were of very moderate circumstances. His paternal grandfather, Abraham Lin- coln, emigrated from Rockingham county, Virginia, to Kentucky about 1781-82, where, a year or two later, he was killed by Indians. His ancestors, who were respec- table members of the Society of Friends, went to Virginia from Bucks county, Pennsylvania. Descendants froma portion of the democratic party who were opposed to tbe intended nomination of Martin Van Buren as suc- cessor to Hon. Jackson. The principal ground of Mr. Bell's opposition to Mr Van Buren was bis strong disapproval of the system of removals from subordinate offices for po- litical reasons—a system which Mr. Van Buren bad zea- lously promoted in tbe party conflicts of the State of New York, and which, it was supposed, h* intended to carry out to its full extent in the administration of tbe federal government Trie final separation between Mr. Bell and Gen. Jackson took place in 1836, when Mr. Bell de- clared himself to favor of Judge White for the Presiden-c y , in opposition to Mr. Van Buren. Up to tbat time there had been no opposition in Tennessee to Gen. Jaclcnon's ad- ministration, aad it was generally supposed tbat bis per- sonal and political influence could not fail to subdue the opposition raised by Judge White and his friends. The whole force of the administration was exerted to this end. Judge White carried the State by a large majority, and Mr. Bell was re-elected to Congress. An impulse was given to the political character of Tennessee, which ar- rayed it in opposition to the democracy during the four succeeding Presidential elections, 1840-44-48-52. When the reception of petitions for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia was agitated in the House of Re- presentatives, In 1836, Mr. Bell alone, of the Tennes- see delegation, favored their reception. Subsequently, in 1838, when Atheruin's resolutions were introduced, pro. posing to receive aud lay these petitions on the table, he maintained his consistency by voting in the negative. When President Harrison, in 1841, was forming his Cabinet, Mr. Bell was invited to accept the War Depart- ment Secretaryship, to which he readily assented. With the rest of the Cabinet, Mr. Webster only excepted, he re- signed office on the separation of President Tyler from the whig party, in fate autumn of that year. The whig ma-jority in the next Tennessee legislature which met after hat withdrawal from tbe Cabinet offered him the office of Duited States Senator, which he declined. Mr. Bell re- mained in retirement until called by the people of bis county, in 1847, to represent them in the State Senate, in which year, on the occurrence of a vacancy, he wasWhen the State of Louisiana was called, Hon. Pierre Soule rose and was received with enthusiastic cheer* aad ther removed with her family to tbe banks of applause. After silence bad been restored the gentlemanNebraska biU, delivered March 23,IBM,may be instanced as a masterpiece of high toned oratory and conclusiverea- eouing. During his administration President Pierce ten-Pennsylvania. Abraham Lincoln, the subject of this memoir, further removed from Kentucky to Spen- cer county, in Indiana, in 1816. Mr. Lincoln re- ceived a limited education. In 1830 he removed to Illinois, and passed the first year in Macon county, engaged in agricultural pursuits. He next went to New Salem, at that time in Sangamon county, now Che- nark comity, where he remained about one year as a clerk in a store. About this time the Black Hawk war broke out, and on the call from the federal go- venment for volunteers, a company was raised in New Salem, and Lincoln was elected captain. He served during this memorable campaign. On his return to Illinois, in 1832, be became a candidate for tbe State Legislature, but was defeated. The next three succeeding biennial electionsmulated by hi* own efforts.JOSEPH H. LASS, Or OREGON.General Joe lane, the candidate for Vice President, wasborn in North Carolina, December 14, 1801. la hi*ing bis legislative term he studied law, and subsequently engaged practically in the profession at SpringOeht; but his practice at the bar did not withdraw bis attention from politics, and for many years he was one of the leaders of the whig party in Illinois, and was on the elec- toral ticket in several Presidential campaigns. He was a disciple of Henry Clay, and exerted himself in ins I"half in 1844. by making a tour of Illinois and advocating Clay's election to the Presidency. Hewas efficient in his efforts for General Scott, and legal atuds«, and was admitted to the bar m 1831. In Indiana lo luruish volunteers for the Mexican war. He was considered by the whigs of Illinois aud the North-KUWAkl' kVKRKTI'. OF MASSAI'UrSICTrS.crat. He is one of the very few remaining personalfriends and supporters of -old Hickory:" his life hasbeen a life of romantic and heroic adventures, more re- tinuity in power. (Applause.) Secession is a word in markable than those which contributed so much in 1856 tended to conceal another word of mere siguincancy. 11MOHNINGEDITION-MONDA Y , JUNE 25, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.that either can be elected by th* | alternative is obvious that either Lincoln will be er the election will be thrown into Otmgres*.The regular Louisiana delegation bar* plenty of to spend on th* election, being worthteen mdlioas of dollars.tes*, er of any individual*, to give legal slavery is any Territory of the United States.to early into pthhc l.fe, aad declined a re-election, aad for asawi bus to resign to* past at the end of thatl a i860 ho was railed upon by President FU1-and adopwd by her people, aad accepted by the House ofin tbe case of saaae great road for military purposes, ilk iCFr'' $T Cf.'Jft. That wo brand the recent reopemng of tbe Africanslave trade, under the cover cf our national flag, aided byperversions of mdicial power, as a crane against husaaaWyasd a saraiag shame to oar nn*stoj sad ago; and ef Tennessee, and who bad the powerful support of An- Mr. Fi'.lmore's administration. The condition of the pub- we call upon Onsfrces to take prompt aad efficient meathere will probably be no democratic organ nation m ax their aaWmrtan mte the Onloa, they Hand oa an ewsality ef non-intervention and popular *overeignty eaobodied in in 1832. Subsequent investigations aad reflection in- Ameridtt affairs to their relations to tbe government of isteno* by that tim*. Th* other Convention, however,with th* bnoftt of other Stale*. aodaStat* thusergan- the KansasNebraska;bill, and a demonstration of tbe de duced him to change his opinions on that subject. Ho the Untied States and Great Britain, and induced Ooagresa**f Receiver of the Land Office at Springfield, Illinois. By retentive memory aud quick, active intellect ticket in Illinois. In 1858 it was the desire of the Illinois time pursuing his studies in divinity, the profession slaverytrom the Union. The Convention will reassemble 'in... i necessarily tend to disunion. (Applause.)Ibis time he became a prominent politician, and ran forCongress m 1&3S, but was biateu by five votes. Ik stump-ed bis State for Van Buren for the Presidency in 1&40. InDecember, 1840, tic was elected Secretary of Stale, and uthe lollowmg February was elected by the Legislature aJudge of the Supreme Court He was subsequently twice jelected as a member of Congress, but only served one term,when he was elected to the United S u i t s Senate, .u 1S17.BTbile a meml«er of the lower hon>e he look strong groundon the question of our Oregon boundary, aud belonged atthat time to the 54 40 party. He has always been an ad-vocate of internal improvement.-, favored Uie Mexicanwar: voted for the Independent Treasury bill, and has al republican elector* of tbe United States, in Convention as-ways repudiated the power of Congress on the question Of citiaaoship in the State-; opposed the Wilmot Proviso, and expressed binisek* m favor of the exteosiou of the Missouri hue lo the Pat inc. Has always been a friend to the Homestead measure* bill. During Mr. Pierces admin- istration the Kansas Nebraska bill came up. Mr. DungUs wax Chairman of the Senate Committee un- Oer which tbe biU came, and dually engineered the pas-4sagedthat measure This doctrine of *popular sov—reignty," with other things linked together, advocated byMr. buugias, axe question- or the day well known tuour readers. In the Tl»irt> fifth Congress he arrayedhimself aguiust President Buchanan's administration, msembled, in the discharge of the duty we owe to our cou- stiiucuis and our couuiry, unite iu the following declara- tions:—RALTIMORK, Juue M, 18(10. under the present circumstances, can respond to that movement, and I will briefly lay them before you InsaxjAMXN rmtraniiCK, c« aLAsama.Mr. Pitipauick, tbe candidate lor tbe Vice Presidency, was boru in Green county, lleorgia, June JO, l*)i.applause from their political associates; and we denounce those threats of disunion, in case of a popular overthrow of their ascendency, as denying the vital principles of afree avvrrumeat, and us an avowal 01 (ouumplated trea- rthe Maine Legislature from 1836 to 1840; was elected rett served ten years in Congress, and during the whole cy: and secondly, the conduct of the two bogus delegationsmay not be impro|>er for me here to refer to the cou».d«-iHe was teft an orphan when very young, and in 1815 re- son, wui* ii n is the imperative duty of ait iadi>, uaut peo-a representative to the Twenty eighth Congress, and period he was a sjeniber of the Committee on Foreign Af from Alabama and Lnusiaua lorciug themselves into the atious. upon wtiicbfthose decisions were predicated. The only compensation which the South could find in the meaaavved w.th an elder brother to the Mississippi Territory. They aritled in the valley of IIHI Alabama river, near where the city nf M*mt*omerv, Alabama, now stands.fairs, perhaps the most important one at that time in theHe received as *oo»t »n *vi.i< iti.vn as uew eoaatries gene-Ially afford, studied UM *nd was admitted to practice tu jndgniem exclusively, is essential to that balance of pow- l<ttl He was soon afterward elected Stale Attorney, ers on which the perleclton aud endurance of our politi- and b*W that >» e intil 1*29. <>>i ancount >f ilectunn^ cal lai.rie oepeDd an,i we denounce the lawless invasionwas chairman of that committee. In the Nineteenth Con May 26,1848, for four years, to till a vacancy occasioned gress. though then ju.-t elected to the House, and tbeby armwi force ot tbe soil of any stale or Territory, no tiewlth be then atauMfctte ' his pr >{>«.-n>n. ;tud settled INI I mailer under what pretext, a.* anion* the'gravest offariu in Autau<a county, devotum his t m - to tn-» u crimesswoveeaent of b>s estate and ui «uiet sm ly until 1»40. jn &. litai the present democrats administration has farthat year be *>rved a* a •lenm-ratr can..I'date t'.>r P^v• • exceeded our worst ;tppo*heti<iotis m its measureless sub- itcfit al elector for th" State at lirfe. In 1841 h > w.i-- •erviebcy to the exactions, uf a sectional interest, as es-inaugurated Governor the same day. On the sixteenth and was always sealous and prominent in his efforts to Douglas in Louisiana agaiu>i the general sentimeut iu exhibited by men of the South at this day upon thato( the same month he was re elected United States Sena- secure good treatment to the Indians During his Con question of non-intervention. John C. Calhoun. when the gressioiial career he displayed a thorough knowledge of New Orleans. The American party rule the r-iast. and in famous compromise tendered by Mr. Clayton of Delawaretor tor six years, and resigned the office of Governor the politics of the country and the wants of the whole the State at large the regular democrats w ,11 cerla.nly «,e was being discussed in the United States Senate, John rebruarv 20, 1857. He is'now a Untied states Senator Union, and his Speeches always engaged the most pro- feat the Soule party. Nor is the name ot Filzpatrick I Calhoun considered tbat tbe proffer to place in thefor Maine, and a member of the Committee on Commerce found attention. In the autumn of 1854 he declined a re- bauds of our federal tribunal the question ofthe extent and on the District of Columbia. Mr. Hamlin was for- nomiuation to Congress, as his political friends in Massa- popular, as he^ is likely to overthrow the regular demo- of |n»w»»r in the territories was to tbe South a sufficientnominated for Wovnrnor »ai w.- e^-ted. aad wa< re- elected m 1843 In Nocnnber ltf* H' revive-! frojn the Governor the apt«wntm»-M <>r t ruled State* Senator :•> •41 the varanev eec*s»»wO bv itw death of l*»x»n H larwnt. He served during t'ae short session of LJ4H-D, xnl the apevtai executive s««il<Hi «r lb* S»mate wtiKh wns called at tH> begunir« "f President Taylor's admraistrs- lion. lb Januar'v. 1SS3. he was apriotnt.'d 9»*ior in place Of W. R. Ring, who badfiho.-!tVle>,te 1 Vice President. Atbe BMstmg of the Alabama l^r-ut-ir.- in i«3. Mr Kitz patriek was elert'ed for th* reawuiKte- uf Mr. Kmj'< term, wrbich expired March S, I t U tn N'nvemher of that y**sr he was re-eh«ted for a M term of six years. He H a •member of the eocamitfes on Tprritorte*. Military Affair*.1 on Printing, He is a plain prartws»t, working mem , a man af owl Judgatrnt and agreeable manner*.pecially eviuced iu its desperate exertions to force the in- famous Lecompton constitutiuti upon the protesting peo- ple ot Kansas; m coustrumsi the perMeaai relation between master and servant to involve au unqualified property iu persons; in its attempted enfon ui-iit everywhere, on land and sea, through the inter vent :••>. of Gou^ess aud of tbe federal courts, of the extreme pretensions of ajiurety local mterest, and in its general and unvarying abuse of tbe power entrusted lo it by a cotifid:mj permle.«. That the people justly View with ilarm the reckless extravagance which pervades eveiy department of the federal government. tbat a return to n-id ecouomv aud accountability is lodispeasabie to arrest the systematic plunder of the public treasury by favored partisans, while the recent startling devetopements of trauds and corrup- tions at the federal metropotsi show tbat in entire change oT administration is imperatively demandedmerlv a democrat, but prior to bis elation as Governor « chusetts were desirous of presenting his name as caudi cracy in Alabama. The name is Irish, and it is said lh* guarantee to make acceptable the compromise ten Maine he changed his politics very suddenly iu a speech date for the office of Governor, to which he was chosen by selection has more to do with ihc North than the South dered. and where Mr. Calhoun could stand aJRw f ira.Yos>irc<hstirockinrrfge of Kentucky*se,of Oregon TWB PLATFORM.United States is that of freedom; tbat as oar republicansabers, who* they bad abolished slavery in ail oar natissal territory, ordained that "no person should be de-prived of law, liberty or property without due process oftow,'' it becomes our duty, by legislation, whenever suchalegislation is necessary, to maintain this provision of the*constRatioa against all attempts to violate it; and we.deny the authority of Congress, of a Territorial Legisla-«Mr. Duncan, of Kentucky—one or a thousand dollars that in heart, lo all intents and purposes opposed to slavery, sity, where he graduated iff 1814. He studied law, and menial relations with that country, which bonorablo Mr Douglas will not carry the electoral vote ot lllwois, and yet these men who set up the pretention of betag theenable him to turn to immediate and effective use Republican State Committee to have Mr. Lincoln succeed whicb lie tuifi selected. In 1812 lie delivered a spiritedthe more important facts and incidents connected with shortly .it North Elba, in this State, the residence of theour institutions. He is more a man of action than Douglas in the United States Senate, aud to effect this ho jKiem before tin? Phi Beta Kappa Society, on American surviv mg i"'latives of the lato John Brown. words—more practical than theoretical—and presents; .stumped the State for the republicans; and it was during poets. In 1813 be was settled as pastor over the Brattlethis campaign that Mr. Lincoln made the best politicalspeeches of his life, aud from which the people of the street church in Boston. In 1814 he published severalhimseir »ith a mind formed rather by a study of things than of their mere nanus.was opposed to the appropriation of money by th* generato establish a mission of th* first class to Central America.But th* question that attracted most of the public interest during Mr. Everett's administration of the Depart-ment of Stat* was the joint proposition of Great Britainaad France to enter with the United States mto a tripart-ite eonvention, guaranteeing to Spain in perpetuity theexclusive possession of Cuba. This proposition was de-clined by the United States, in a diplomatic note of greatability drawn up by Mr. Everett. Before leaving the De- inridge's sail*; bat tbe lisuthsin men laugh at the ids* partment of State Mr. Everett was elected by the Legisla- that the nomination ef Douglas t* any w i m a t ton at all. ture of Massachusetts to the Senate of tbe United States,took his seat in tbat body at the commencement of tbe Before tbe breaking up of the Convention bis hlghut rowspecial executive session in March, 1853. and made an was 1601.;; but from tbat must be taken minorities whichgpvernment for roads and canals in the States, exceprPolk, afterwards President of the United States, who was the candidate of the administration and of the demo-from its centre to its circumference. He voted forty-twotimes for the proviso. He was alto active in connectionwith Seward, Chase, Ciddiugs and other abolitionists inthe agitation of that subject. He also opposed the Mexi- desired lo see the issues then made fully settled al thecan war, and declared it unconstitutional and wrong, and time of the division of Texas into Stales, as provided by voted against the bill granting 160 acres of uuidiio the the act oi annexation. In 1854, when the Nebraska bill volunteers. In the National Convention of 184M, of was presented in the Senate, Mr. Bell |>roiesied againstits passage, la the controversy on* the admissioin <>" Houston was elected to the Senate His whole public nation of General Taylor, and sustained the nomi- Kansas, m March, 1858. Mr. Bell opixised the Lecompton career has been Hint of an old fashioned Jackson demo-Senate, but resigned his seat when a call was made otrtbe lolkm tng year, at the age of twenty-two yeans, be was entered the army as a private, and, in a few months af- west as one of their leaders. From 1849 to 1854 Mr. was bom in Dorchester Massachusetts, April 7, 1794. Hi lo the popularity of Fremont. He has always been an secession was to find an echo among the people of thisLincoln was engaged in the practice of his profession. father, the Rev. Oliver Everett, was the predecessor ofbe resigned in 1830 to take his seat in the legislature. with distinction during the war, and covered himself with In 1849 he was a candidate before the Illinois Legisla- President Kirklaaid as pustor ot the New South Church iu Union. He j? ojijioscl to o|mning the .-lave traffic: and he that the structure which our fathers erected with so muchappointed Mam Attorney by the Legislature, which office terwards, was appointed Brigadier General. He servedhonor. Altout August 1,1848, he reached Indiana, where ture for United States Senator, prior to which he stumped now stands upon tie- broad Union platform of Mr. Bucha- sacrifice and so much toil, was a noble experiment. SecesHe was the youngest member of the House, but soon was a succession of public receptions were tendered him, but the State for the whigs. When the Legislature met the Boston, aud wassfterw.irds Judge of the Court of Com- nan's ailministi.il>OII, with a slight spread southward. remarked for his industry in legislative matters The first to which be had uo time to respond, for on the 18th of democracy was in the majority, aud General Shields, the mou Pleas in Norfolk county, Mass. Edward Everett en-siou must beget disunion. Upon what pretence must sec<-«- sion be predicated. 1 wiil not do those distinguished gentle- men who stepped out of this room this morning ihe in- justice lo suppose that they truly parted from jou be cause of your having decided tbe question of internal organization in a manner that did not agree \»,ih theirtension measure was carried. He WASin favor of a mea tics General lane is a democrat of the Jefiersou and Jack- being iu the majority, Lincoln was again defeated, andsure putting the railroads completely in the power oi the son school, and is thoroughly acquainted with Judge Trumbull, the democratic candidate, elected. In amount of ability. For some time after graduating he Smith was nominated as their candidate for the Presidency. it as a cloak to cover their desertion from the party, butState. He subsequently held, for a short time, the post the history and politics of this country. His 1856 Mr. Lincoln's name headed the Fremont electoral was employed in his Alma Maler as a tutor, at the same The platform of the party is the uital abolition of negro the truth cannot be disguised. Whether deluded or not they are tools in ihe hands of intrigues,and their court*)Many ol us who were then the representatives of the South iu th* National Councils, believing that the South was in earnest and considering ourselves bound to follow iu their footstepu, fought the battle, not wah the view il crealiug the contingency contemplated, but lo defend UH* rights of the Snith, and oppose the introduction of Cai. toinia into tin- councils of the nation. That, at that liu..-, was to the South UH great wrong, and the creating of aposition of importance which he took in legislation wag in August b«» was commissioned Governor of Oregon, with-opposing the extension of the -wild cat" banking system; out his solicitation, and organized the government; was democratic candidate, was elected. In 1855 he was again tered Harvard College in 1807, at the. early age of thirteen,elected delegate to Congress in 1861, and is now one of the the candidate of the wings for United States Senator be- and was graduated in course in 1811, with the highest hat tbe majority a as opposed to his'views, aud the ex- United State* Senators from the State of Oregon. In poli- fore the legislature chosen that year; but the democracy honors, iu a class containing more than the averageTHE INSURRECTIONARY PARTY.Mexico and other Spanish American Stales lo the Union. He was iu favor of the compromise measure of 1850. butt was presumed by them that it would be in their power, after raising the storm, to master and quiet it; but it will be found, before forty-eight hours have elapsed, that in that storm they are bound eventually te sinkt>!waid Everett, the Union candidate for Vice President.THE VERY LATEST.THE BLACK REPUBLICAN CONVENTION, tecttve policy; opposed to the Dred Scott decision, urging With a view of qualifying himself for the duties of his Additional Particulars of Saturday's Pro- great danger. because not only was Cali-HKL.D IN iHICAeO, ILLINOIS, MAY 18. THK CAXD1DATB>.as an especial reason for his position that it deprives the post, he entered upon an extended course of Europeanstudy aud travel, leaving home iu the spring of 1815, and the United States which guarantees to the citizens of each passed two year* at the famous University of Gottingen,ceedings in Baltimore The Effect or tbe >owina(rons in Baltimore.fornia coming into the Union with a constitution obliterating tbe Missouri compromise Sirs—ll is said that they carry with them out of tins Convention, the sympathies of the South. Behove it not. (Renewed applause.) Believe it not; aud I have, in my own experience of the past, certain strong reasons why I cannot bring my mrad to the supposition that the South,/ l r t'r?iut*ntFor Vkt i'retUimtAbraham Lincoln, of Illinois.Hannibal Hamlin, of Maine. State all the rights, privileges and immunities of the se-fcc,tin account ol Sunday intervening, many of the leading 1849 and 1850. when California was about being admittedTHK PLATFORM.Resolved, That we, the delegated representatives of theveral States. In the campaign in Illinois in 1858, when engaged in the Study of the German language and the he stumped the State in opposition to Douglas, he branches of learning connected with this department. showed himself an adept in political strategy, and He passed the winter of 1817-18 at Paris. The next suited his speeches to the locality in which h«He, lie.1 ple sternly to rebuke and forever siieorc .4 That the maintenance inviolate of the rights ol' the State*, and especially the riijht ot each.State to order aui control its own domestic institutions according to its ownwas reelected to the Twenty ninth Congress; was amember of the House of Representatives of the Slate Le-gislature in 1847, and elected to the United States Senate House of Representatives. In the Twentieth Congress heConvention. Many tenetl upou Richardson, of Illinois, and Dean Richmond—the oue lor not showing the tele graphic despatch from Douglas, suggesting his withdrawal from the contest, and the other for not showing his letu-rsures generally known as tbe Compromise measures was the doctrine or nonintervention then claimed (Applause) That was the only boon offered to us in those days as a compensation for the great sacrifice which was asked at our bands, and the South accepted the compromise, and the compromise became the law of the nation, certainly1. That the new dogma tbat the constitution, or Its own th* tows. Rsrce, carries Slavery into any or all « th* Territories ofANT! DOUGLAS DEMOCRATIC CONVKN the United States, is a dangerous political heresy at vari-largely contributed. The case or the Creole, aad questionsconnected with Oregon and Texas, were also elements of appointed and only calculate on the North. They feelS».%.,JCWU,ANDArrgRWAitwmRAV sadsabversiveof thepeaceandharmonyofthecountry.' R. That tbe normal condition of all the territory of theawratefurther the invaluable services of Mr. Everett He was tbe son of a farmer in moderate circum- While our Minister at England. Suffice it to say, his stances, who was, however, able to give him a food course was of taw most dignified character. In thespring of 1843 he was appointed to fill tbe newly consti education at Cumberland College, now Nashville Univer- tuted commission to China, with a view to establish comaad West, to constitute the majority hi yourCongress There is not a paper in tbe South which Yesterday a gentleman of Louisiana made two bet* with is not teeming with denunciation* that Congress ha* became a rotten body, tbat the majority in both booses 1*Hr«ntT*4. Thai the platform ftdoptod by the .famocrattc l»i Mr »t Ctncuaaaii beafilrmed. with the foUodqag ex j aaatery resolution* — ^C/Irst— That tbe govwnHKst t»f a Territory organirelNjywas admitted to the bar in 1816, and settled at Franklin,Williamson county, Tenn.. and was elected to the State Harvard Ufiiversily but his impaired health comUnion will at once read his sentiments on the groat ques- works on religions subjects, and in this year ho was tions of the day. He is a tariff mau; in favor of a pro chosen Professor of Greek literature in Harvard College.negus of tbe rights of that clause in the constitution ofP*F•spring he again visited London, and passed a few weeksspoke. In one county he would preach ono set of prin- at Cambridge aad Oxford. In the autumn of 1818 he re delegates from the Southern Slates, and also from the into this I ii ion, the South rose agaiusi herciples, and a different and contradictory set in other coun- turned to the Comment, and divided the winter between North, are still here. u, passed resolutions, and impressed upon ties. He is no orator, statesman or legislator, but is nds of the North, that if the outrage1. Thai the history of the nation during the last fouryears, has luily established tne propriety and necessity ofthe orgauizalion and perpetuation of the republican party; classed amoug the stump speakers of the Tom Ford stamp. Florence, Rome and Naples. In the spring of 1819 he The nominations are the subject of general discussion. ad mi pciraled, she would secede from tbe Unionand that the causes which called it into existence are per- Mr. Lincoln was comparatively unknown to the people made a short tour in Greece, returned home in the same The Southern men are jubilant over their success in the was she coming into the Union without bavinsmanent in their nature, and uow, more than ever before,2- That the maintenance of the principles promulgated when he made a tour of the Middle aud New England During his residence iu Europe his course of study em- their^busiuess. What cost the other Convention the labor pa--. - she coming mto the Union organized by theWHSui uiiin.i it- peaceful and constitutional triumph. of this section of the Union until during the past winter, year, and entered upon the duties of his professorship. haviugso quickly and with such unanimity disposed or not ii .rough the ordeal in territorial existence,—ooi.in the Declaration "t Independence and embodied iu tb-j Stales, delivering political stump speeches at twenty-dvefederal cotistitut ion—-That all meu arc created equal: that cents per capita admission. He delivered a speech inthey are endowed by their Creator with certain inalieua- the Cooper Institute, which he evidently prepared for thebte'rixhu. thai amoug these are life, liberty and the pur- newspapers: but on the night of the lecture he inter- the German universities, and a comprehensive examina- masterly stroke to nm-li the business and send nun >linrces of the federal government, but ber >ti to th<- I'nion was going to destroy that power of which was the las i bulwark of our protection intar mailer of the admission of Kansas under the liecomp the consent of Ihe governed"—is essential to the preser- He realized two hundred dollars from this lecture. He receding from their position, disowning every effort weton constitutma. which produced a -*hism IU both housesof the national legislature >.:fi*-ient to defeat the measure.Mr. Douglas has been most bitterly hostile to Mr Bucha-nan's adnim isirai ou. At tbe last State election in Illinoishe stumped the State, and his party, after a determinedfight against the opposition, carried the day. He wassubsequently re-elected for another Senatorial term.Since theu he has been considerably before the public incoaaevlion with the quusiion of slavery iu the Terr iWrios made by democratic members, without rebuke and withbraced the ancieat classics, the modern languages, the history and principles of public law as then professed inof a week here, to say nothing •>! the lime lost in (li.nlesOil'against that wrong—we engaged iu the bailie lo maintain spersed it with radical republican sentiments, fully as tion of the existing political system of Europe. Simulta- oft U> every slate nominations on the same our lights to the last, but when the question came to the are insiiinmi amoug men,.deriving their Just jwwers from treasonable as Seward's "-irrepressible conflict'' doctrine. neous with his professorship- he edited the JVorfa day is the nomination of Douglas and Fitz last, one after the other we saw the Slates of the Southsuit of happiness ; thai to Retire these rights governmentsvation of out republican institutions; and that the federal American Revime, which he conducted till 1824. patriek. Hie withdrawal ol the chairman. Caleb had made to maintain our rights, and, let me say it with constitution. the rights of the .suites, aud the Union ol the next visited Connecticut and stumped that State for the He also found time to prepare aud publish a translatiou Cashing, from the theatre to the Maryland Institute, >j*\e sorrow, dragging us into tbe very gutter for theMates, must aud -hail be preserved. republicans. The fact of his charging an admission fee to very devotion we had shown them. And why a Thai to the Union «U the States this nation owes its his lectures—a thing unknown before in our political his- of ••Buttmau's Greek Grammar." Mr. Everett's public the coup i>egra<e to the whole proceedings. did" Ihe South do this* There is no u«unprecedented increase in population, its surprising de- tory—was the subject of comment among leading republi- life began in 1824, when he was nominated and elected If one Convention had a greater number of delegates, graieiui breast at the South. It could not be thai she was velopetsvm <-t material resources it£ rapid augmentation can's, aud iu several instances received the rebuke which to Congress by the constituency of the district in the other had a greater number of States repr-sent-d. inclined to disown the services of those who had stoodof wealth, it- happiuess at home and its honor abroad; and we hold ui abhorrence all .schemes for disuniou, come from vi hat c u t source they may, and » e congratulate the country thai no republican member of Congress has ut- tered or couuienauced the threats of disunion so oftensuch political showmanship deserved.H.OMBAL HAM UN. OF MAIMS.by her to the last: but it was because she considered, which ho resided. His nomination was made without The one calls itself the Democratic National Convention, and truly considered, that even an impeuduug wrong war.his being consulted, and was a spontaneous movement otiand the other the National Democratic Convention. not to be put iu the scale with the preservation of this • The Southern meu who remained in the Douglas Con- glorious confederacy—(great applause)—and we in obe-the part of the young men of his district, without distinc-was born in Paris, Oxford county, Maine, August 27, tion of party. He was a supporter of John Quincy Adams, vention to the last momeut attribute the final catastrophe tiou.-. surrendered. We considered that we were in dulyHannibal Hamlin, tbe candidate for Vice President,1809. is a lawyer by profession; was a member of then just elected President of the United States. Mr. Eve - to two things:—Fit*', Ihe rascality of the Albany Re^en bountf, to abide by your own decisions, and perhaps itbv the decease of John Fairtield. He was re-elected for youngest member of tbe committee, he drew the celesix vears Julv 25, 1851, and elected Governor of Maine brated report on the Panama mission. He was chairman to the^same effect, till it »a£ too late. Ii is a delusion to of the party as far as the question of slavery was cun Jan. "7. 1867. resigning his seat in the Senate and being during Mr. Adams' Presidency, in the Georgia controversy, think that the per.-oua! popularity of .Soul* can sustain rerued 1 am surprised at the extreme sensitivenessa large majority to the ensuing election. He was afterin the Senate on the Nebraska bill, and after that at- wards three times re-elected, holding the executive office I had supposed before corning her" ihai Douglas was poputached himself to the republican party, and succeeded to four years. Hi* administration was dignified, useful and lar in this City, but the reverse is trueSouthern man need not fear to stand. (App!*s*e ) 1 have said, in the very unconnected remarks that I have bad the honor to submit to you, that aecessioa moarirj dis union, and I will go on now to show upon what conside-the Governorship bv the votes aud support of that party. popular. In tbe autumn of 1839, after an animated strug gle, he was defeated in another contest for tbe gubernalast evening the 'midnight speeches tiorn tbe Giitnor ration that opinion of mine is predicated. What is theTHE UNION CONSTITUTIONAL PARTYHKLD IN BALTtMOKE, MD., MAY 10.THK CAXOIDATKS.tonal chair, by Marcus Morton, by a majority of one vote In 1840 be sailed for Europe with bis family, and remained abroad for five years, four of which be passed as Ameri can Minister at the Court of St. James. During tbe period of his mission some delicate questions, of whicb that of the Northeastern boundary and the McLeod case were theHouse attracted ibree for every one who listened to the orators at Revrdy Johnson's, and whenever m attempt was got up to raise cheers lor Douglas they were drowned in groans.The enthusiasm on Breckinridge ^nd lane is unease.The general impression is that this ticket will «weep everyquestion al issue' On the one hand northern abolitionfcu clann intervention for the purpose of excludm* alaverr from the Territories; on th* ether hand Southern meu claim intervention cm the part of Congress for th* Purnos* of protecting slavery ia theTerritorie*. Now,Ia*kSooib*rn gentlemen here aad elsewhere, are von serious , t w L- you serious- wneotbe battle 13 thus drawn—when the lines are thus drawneot—when the whole strength of tbe Sorth I* combined. .John Bell, of Tennessee.#frr rice Praideftt . .. Edward Everett, of Massachusetts. most prominent, threatened the pacific relations of the/*»• PrmdaUTH* P1.ATFOBM.The Union, the .constitution and the enforcement ofUnited States and Great Britain, aud to their amicable ad-anarcHaM OP THK CANDIDATES.irritation. He procured at various times, and in the face convinced tbat they cannot carry the South, and they are wjth the grert strength on tbe part of th* West, to ex-senate to 1817. He sow saw bis error in entering soUntitled Documentjustment the firmness and diplomacy of our Minister Southern State. The Dodglas leaders are evideutly dis-of great obstacle*, the release from the penal colony ofclude slavery from the Territories* Are you, my friends already talking of another convention which will unite of the South, in earnest when you ask to subaait the prowith contemporaneous aiaailtion. and with legislativeIN IMIBtRfll,«. C , AWUI. 30, THIS IN and judicial precedent; is revolutionary in as tendency bom *»•*• Kasbville, Tennessee, February 18, 1787 Th* spoon allotted to this sketch will not allow us to enu Douglas, who can now retire without wounded honor, after auch men as may be sent from t h a X o r t hance with the explicit provavions of that instrument itselfjqgn astx, or sawaawaaMr. BeU, th* candidate for the Presidency, was zens, convicted of participation in the Canada rebellion.Van Dieman's Load of sixty or seventy American citi-trust he was compelled to decline. Upon bis return toand another of a thousand dollars that the B«<* kmridge tick«* will obtain a larger vote throughout ihe country than the Douglas ticket. Few, however, will hazard theexclusive friends of slavery at the South, ask teat to protect MWof clavery shall be put in the keeping uf that very power which is represented as being bent upon itsICONUXUB) ON DGHtH »****.)tbe United States, in 1845. lie was elmsen President of» IUtbe i s tint Secretaryship of Stat--, by the death of Mr. Webster. He held the office daring the last (bar months ofvacantnear Lexington, Roxbridge county, Virginia. He lost his father when quite young, and bis mo-the Tennessee river, at tbat time the limit of civili-zation. Here he received a limited education, andpassed several years among the Cherokee Indians. Afterhaving served for a lime as clerk to a country trader, and this Convention from whom anything deserving thesethe study of law at Nashville. In June, 1818, after a few for the vote which I shall cast for tbe noble State whicb I have tbe honor, in part, to represent in this body. I havemonths of severe stndy. he was admitted to tbe bar; inOctober, 1819, be was elected District Attorney for David-son district; in 1821 he was elected Major General of Ten-nessw; in 1823 he offered himself as a candidate for Con-gress, and was elected without opposition; in 1826he was returned s second time to Congress, almostby acclamation, so well satisfied were his con-stituents with his course in the House of Representa-tives. In 1827 he was elected Governor of Tennesseebattle of San Jacinto, in April, 1830. In May, 1838. he that a movement of the nature of the one which has justagain elevaU'd to the Presidential chair. During the whol"time that he held that office his favorite policy wasthe annexation of Texas to the United Slates, but he re-tired before the couxuminatiou of his wishes. In 1844Texas became one of the Stau* of the Union, and Generd and disappear, (loud applause ) For it is idle for Southinflexible champion of the Union and the peace of the great confederacy, then no longer could this republic boast.tt the Convention of insurrectionary abolitionists ofthe John Brown genus, recently held in Boston, Gernt views. They may give this as a pretenceu iLey may useU i i l . i . tou, the seceders accomplished m ;i iv»w hour-: ft wa- a iramthe party, and nominate some strong man in place of tection of your property te the keeping ofhaving received a nomination of some kind.proceeded as follows:—Mr. I*m»n>isjsT— I am appalled, truly appalled, by tbe expectations which the welcome which baa just been extended to me seems te signify. I am the last man inthe .senate. In the higher House of Congress we fougbidience U> their wishes, out of deference to their coovic- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 