 NEW YORK HERALD,The CBBC of the captain sad mate* of the stover advocate any change as one for the better,INiLW 1\JJXlL. HMCA IAIA CorawascoetmaedyeatordaybeforeUnitedStatesiSDA Y, DECEMBERi»t Grwnt Crlaia •!Ahi(Ml and Rraudr at20, 1860.UOIOOI il1"W*»-' EDfTOR AMDo m c i R. v .r J f f i f f rrrrfr-* ^rSTtwl "Banl XtL in-mrf ZiJ&w Tar*b a t Oaf testimony Of o n l y sighted individuals rallied was. however, utterly We have reprinted to-day, from the LowdooNapoleon bidding hto comrades to recollect for State aad Southern thatfromthetopofthePyramids forty oente- ever,thatereaiaries looked dowa upon them, are grand cea- Commonwealth af tral figures upon the cavvass of history. It to have the whipnot too much to say flat Abraham Lincoln has an opportunity to achieve renown equal to that of either of the heroes above named, and with-Vol!.BO* 99*A B o o n ' s\J1MII(Mr. Humphrey, of the firm of B. D. Co.) t u taken, and. owing to the ill- one of the prtoooers, the to Friday (to-morraw). In the Board of education last evening the of the evening sohooh•Jdeyoid of interest, of the attention of the other basinem transacted was of aCunweTwVC w£r«At a meeting of the Emigration Commissionerswas received asking the repairing of the phyaioian's at Qaarantiaa, now occupied by Dr. Commissioner Carrigea considered that a building which wooid probably ha sold thiswinter wasaninjudiciousproceeding, bat it to authorize the repairsweekly atatemetit showed that arrived at the port last week, the number for I860, so far, op to 101,11*. The balance to the credit of toe Boardis ttTS 87more active, and the quality being good,bad, intensely corrupt, and owing ite strength Tme* of December 6, aa ulahofBto leading ar- to (he same ricious engineering which, from tide v] on the present aspect of our politicaltte time of Egyptian priestcraft down tothepe- .I'd commercial affairs. We also reproduce er-W M t t r iIgnorance, anarchy, leeal prejudice aad Bourbontot reaction will andoetotedly eiaftiaa the wary Cavour as be advances stop by step to the work of organising theA* f m i TXX V.Hnui.li,ABUHBRRTrS THIS EVENING. MTHIO'M OARDRRWINTER GARDEN.pies of mistaken patriotism will throw any se- We want a President for the whole country— rious obstacle in toe way of his program. WeOf njXTOK AXO RABlACfor beef cattle yesterday was de-WiLUi:K'K TURATRB.Braa4wmy.-T9 Kuit oxMM holderswereenabledtorealiseanadvanceof%c. ofeverystreamandcurrentof national exist-not tor Vermont Will Mr. Lincoln let as know whether or not be to the man for the crisis ? He must speak now. Now is the accepted rimeknow there are many of the ncof Garibaldi who are opposed to toeOf Southern and Northern Italy, aad that no small number of the clergy entertain the most rankling hostility to the Piedmontese dynasty; bat the peasantry are indifferent toROWBBT THRA TKR. Bev>s*Bua Ta«f»r«.judices, and swim smoothly upon the surface per pound. Fancy Christmas beeves were plenty, ence. Its constant clamor is for human sacrifice.D Rianir—A Kiiil rOB A WlBOW.B o u r n - D B » U - ' » OAX.Ba RKi H'M AMERICAN RISK CM, Broadway.—Day RTeniIiBif». - T u Baa or Ice—Ame Cauaaaa—uru« CVBI- Oamia, A cBKVANTS R INBTRBLS, Rathantca' Ban, «71». DUCH, A©.—RtCaJUU I I IHOOLXT A CARPBBUU S RINSTRBLS, MNo'i Salooa, Rr»*dw»y —Brnovua Soaoa, DAJWBS, SBBiaaaoaa, Ac— Dixiti' LA**.CAMTBRSCR1 MUIIO U A l l s I B BA*W*a,are so far depreciated that the English capital-ist cannot resist the temptation to dabble inmiserable subterfuges to which the republicanLAfRA RRKMR1I THEATRE, B a r e * KISTBB*» •and held atfromlie. to Ul/tc. per pound. CowsWhether it presents itself in the shape of the car of Juggernaut, the pyramids of Mexico, thejournals are resorting in the "sea of troubles*'on which they are tossed, suggest the image politioal changes, and the advisers of the Kingwere steady; veals active and firm. Sheep were MKW ROVRIIY THEATRE, Bowary. HIBBB, m scarce, active and 60c. to 75c. higher. Somethem. This speculative mania springs ia part holy bulls of Egypt, or the auto-da-fes of Ma- from cupidity, but is mainly brought aboutof drowning men grasping at straws. One of are not without reeoaroes for enforcing the them, pretending to be an organ of commerce, rights and dignity of toe Crown. In this theyOf the handsomest sheep ever offered were sold. At O'Brien's one lot sold at $18 per head, and at Chamherlin's a choice lot brought 833 each. Swine were plenty and a shade lower, prices ranging from *%c. to 6%c, including all kinds. The total receipts were: 4,459 beeves, 106cows,413 veals, 8,030 sheep and lambs and15,180swine.The cotton market yesterday was again b tier andmore active. The sales embraced about 4,000 bales, MRLODBOV, No. t» Broa4wmy.-80*aa, DAWES, BVS- chiefly IDstore, closiag on the basis of about 10#c. a lOJ^c. for even lots of middling uplands. At the point of greatest dopressKm middling uplands were sola down toB»4c. Some cash aalea were made at9,^c. The recoveryhasreachedaboutlc.parlb.,which isequiva- lent to about $4 toper bale. This, applied to the 3,000,000 of bales unsold, gives a recovery in value ofdrid and Smithfleld, it appeals with the same voice to its blinded sectators, and drives them wild with the theory that their future welfare or woe demands some bloody sacrifice to some new, monstrous and unheard of theory. It was so among the Puritans, who scourged, banished and burned the Quakers; among tile crazy sacrificers of witches in the days of Cotton Mather; it was represented by an eminent di- vinewho,only thirty yearsago,declaredthat hie sect must "wade through a sea of blood" tobecometheStatereligionofthisland;it initiatedtheliquorlawsandthePersonal Liberty bills of our Puritan States, and it has clothed itself with abolitionism '-asby the profound ignorance of the English 'people as regards American politics. The London Times itself is little better informed upon the real state of things here than thewill be aided by the intellect of toe coantry, because some Downeaster says he has discover- and the prestige which will accrae from their ed a substitute for it in Canadian flax, from labors in promoting its material prosperity, forBOt'E CHAPBL.—Bar. H. R. HVNOH'S Camoii. Aiu . •u or TUB PUT or OTBBIXO-come,notwithstandingtheingeniousYankee invention.fail in contrasting remarkably with the eld regime of tyranny and neglect. So far Victor,ln» York,Tnnrvdar, DNtmb«rBO,1800.wofkl.witha large quantityof local aad matter, win be puhtisAad at nine o'ctook m tawetnomeedWl.OOObales,against800,000in1849,aadOSO, 000 hi 1868. The decrease in tae receipt* at the ports waa 356,000 bales. The exports are 161.000 under that ofan institution which is inwoven with the con- than it was last year. Flour was firmer and in fair de~ stitution of the country.conciliating the rural .priesthood as much as possible, aad probably on the principle that a man's principles have a good deal to do With hto pocket The speediest mode of doing this would be a royal gift of a few thousand ducats to St Januartus. The now excommunicated sovereign might by such means have hto ortho- doxy proclaimed to the people. With regard to Garibaldi's disbanded volunteers, we are afraid the contagion of their dissatisfactionricinc.about $13,500,000. 'TheiKcUne at »\c. per lb.for the 3,000,000 was estimated at $18,000,000 with a garment," as a means of domi-Another republican journal of this city, long Emanuel has a prospective advantage incom- ing after tbe most obnoxious of despotisms, befogged in the mists of the Mincio's elbows, although that very misery and degradationlabored yesterday to show in a long article which it produced to at present a source of IhattheSouthisof little or no value to theUnion, and that "two Lowells are of greater difficulty to him.Rew Vara HernM—CaliSarnla edition. Hence only $4,600,000 is required to restore it to its for- The mail atoamship North Star, Captain Jones, wlB mer status, t h e reaction in its favor has been greater than leave tb> port tomorrow, at noon, for AspinwaU. in other articles of domestic produce. The receipts at The mails for California aad other parts of the Pacific | the porta since the first of September last have reached will cloaa at tee o'ck>ok l a morrow morning. 1,408,000 bales, against 1.784,000 in I860, and 1,493.000 in The Aisw YOKB WBBKLV H—iin—Callfnraia edition-. 1868. The exports have reached 738,000 bales, against containingthe latast intelligence from all partsof the 002,000inI860,and7»,000in186S. Thestock on handneering over the minds of its followers.Pn»hed to its last limit it would behead, burnor otherwise destroy every slaveholder in thelard. Although it emanates, in this country,from once slaveholding States, they make thequestionofslaveryoneofindividualaswellasnationalsalvationanddamnation,andcreate,as oftheelection,andthatthecottonStatesareFiogle copies, is wrappara, ready far mailing, atz oaata.Ajreuta wlB please mud in their orders as early as pos- but year. The stock on hand is leas by 140,000 balesan especial religions dogma, undying hostility to going out because " they do not like Mr. Lin-sible. mvalue half the whole exports of South Carolina,ergo, Lowell to double the value of that State tothe country. Now the difference to just this,that the threatened loss of South Carolina hasshaken the Union to its centre, and Europe it-mand, with sales within range of quotations given in an In the face of a state of things so terrible interesting. In the Senate, after the consideration "">"• ^ ' w a sfirmer,wtth a fair demand for ship- exacts from Mr. Lincoln, as the PresidentT h e M e w s .TheproceedingsofCongressyesterdaywere otherP1"*-Them*rketokj,edat"»mTM**<*5c-»10c. whatdoesthenationalminddemand? ftof the billI for carrying out the treaties with Mexi- 8»t0IZMl t ra?teTMt gl"T"B T ^ a T * «*•*"• * * W" elect—from its representatives in Congress—- J *w» #..„. J*JL «r .—• «*K« «,w»». K—L y ** * ^^^^re- Beef and lard wereself has felt the shock; whereas, if Lowell wereswallowed np by an earthquake, and all New will spread throughout Lombardy, Tuscanyco, and the transaction of some other minor bosi- ,,m atMmAv s.,«TM -«TM e^-— —- ^ ^ w from those who are the organs of popular opi- , .. , „ , . , _ »lso stead}, sugars werefirmer,and advanced about nion throughout the land—the right to the same>„o. per lb., with sales of 800 hhda. Cuba. Oofifee wasBess, the rasolaUons of Mr. Johnson, of Tennes- quiet but steady. Freights were rather easier for Eng- freedom of opinion upon this subject as is en-England and her manufactories with it, the loss and Piedmont, and it cannot be doubted popu-see,proposingamendmentstotheconstitution, lishports,whileengagements werefair.were taken up, and Mr. Johnson addressed the Se-nate at length in support ofbispropositions. The Conservatismof Popular Sentiment—The debate was participated in by other Senators. Senators Slidell and Gwin made corrections of statements charging that they had used hard words towards the President. Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, made his appearance in the Senate yesterday. In the House the greater portion of the day was occupied in the discussion, in Committee of the Whole, of anamendment to the Deficiency Appropriation bill,offered by Mr. Sherman, appropriating $800,000to carry ont the law for the suppression of thetotherestoftheUnionwouldamounttono-lar sympathy will be enlisted on behalf ofA frican slave trade. Various members took part thropist fanatics, who press him forward as the bondsman to the Revere House, and whosein the debate, and the appropriation was finally representative of anti-slave power ascendancy doctrine diverges from his own. When theparsed. An effort was made to hare the House in the Union. Out of a total of 4,710,548 votes constitution of 1787 was framed, slavery wasgovernment in consideration of certain consti- utional guarantees which the dominant powerat the North declines or neglects to recognise.The Times is much more sensible when it declares that the feelings which now divide usThere is no danger of revolution and civil con- vub-ion from any of the New England States going ont of the Union,whatever mayarise from their remaining in. The Massachusetts factories, with the aid of the South, merely give a living to their own population, far inferior toseriously subversive of the Piedmontese dy- nasty, for in that event the only alternative will be anarchy, and the defeat of the c \use of Ital- ian liberty—the very object for which Garibaldi fought. As Garibaldi voluntarily resigned the dictatorship at the time he did, he incapacitat- ed himself for that almost sovereign positionadjourn over from yesterday to the 7th of Janua- ry, let it failed.that, including the whig and conservative Many legists think that it is so still. Upon the paper is important. We have details of the Seces- suffrage of 815,000 for the President elect, basis of this common law the constitution sion Convention proceedings, to which our readers 1,287,500 for Douglas, 836,500 for Breckinridge, was framed. Nothing more is asked than that are referred, in another column. It is sup- and 742,500 for Bell, a solid mass of 3,681,500 the Southern citizen should be allowed now the posed the secession ordinance will be reported people may be regarded as arrayed on the side liberty which was cheerfully yielded then. to-day, aiid pass immediately. Mr. Keitt, it is of concession and the preservation of the in- Subsequent local legislation has all been ex-KMB Charleston our despatch in this morning'sdon Herald, in an able article, points atten- tion of trade and commerce, the closing of the tion to the danger in which the English manufac- outlets for our produce, and the pinchings of turers are placed by the prospect of a stoppage of hunger, which will be the consequence, are di- the supply of cottonfromAmerica, and urges the minishing their numbers from day to day. necessity of immediate and efficient action on the It is evident, therefore, that Mr. Lincoln ispart of the people and government of Great Bri- not the President elect of a party or a faction, tain'for the purpose of securing a supply of thatImportant staple elsewhere. but that he stands, if he will but appreciate theOur latest dates from Rio Janeiro are to Nov. advantages of his position, upon the enviable8, Pernamboco Nov. 15, and Buenos Ayres Oct. vantage ground of being bound by fewer ties28. Exchange in Bio, on London, 27.90—same as and obligations than any ruler of the country before. Accounts from Pernamboco state that who ever preceded him. The party which ele- there are large quantities of sugar ready in toe vated him to power was but a temporary con-the Comptroller, the Street Commissioner and readers understand that the South does not other heads of departments for reform. In the complain so much of the mere fact of the elec- first place, the opening of the tax books as late tion of Mr. Lincoln as of the events which in the year as October has involved thethe election of the capital of the new king- dom. That sooner or later the Pope will give his consent to its being in Rome, in considera- tion of an annual grant from the King of Italy, we feel certain; and as this has to be done, it were well it were done quickly.in the country, we have had occasion to show a part of the common law of the United States.plete reversal of the medal which the crazy ol- traism of the last quarter of a centnry has beenappears, by the report of the British expeditionhis empire in such a conflictThe English press continued to discuss the se-cession question, generally scouting the idea of a coining in the hearts of the clergy-beriddendissolution of the Union of the States. The Lon- crotchet mongers of the North, and the stagna- tive, and has called for repeated appeals from it. The British journalists should make theirdespatched to survey the route for a transat- It is possible that the proposed interview atlantic telegraph by way of Iceland, Greenland the Tuileries may have some effect in hasteninginterior, and that the cotton crop is larger than glomeration of heterogenous elements, to whichthe previous one. At Bueaos Ayres the National he can never owe any allegiance, because it before the 1st of December; whereas the properpublican party gives to all these things, and to the dogma that the South has no right to take its slaves into the Territories which have been gained by the blood and treasure of all the States combined. For our own part, we do not expect that our institutions and the prin- ciples of our government will ever be under- stood in Europe. They certainly will not whencable than about six hundred miles, while there will be various intermediate bind connections It would be a very easy matter to repair any damage in so small a portion of cable as six hundred miles, should any occur.Thus it will be seen that tb«»re is yet a pros- pect of establishing a telegraphic connection between this continent and Europe, through the enterprise of England and the United States> and we may hope to be in communication with the whole civilized world very probably within two years from now, if this Northern ocean line is successfully laid.Convention had dissolved, after adopting the con-stitutional reforms, and on October 21 the constt- has ever been, and is^ irreconcilably divided tatton was solemnly sworn to throughout the pro- in Itself. All party lines have become gra- vince. Buenos Ayres thus becomes reunited with dually obliterated by the alarming crisis to- the other provinces of the Argentine Confedera- wards which the country has been hurrying,tion. and while democrats, Unionists and conserva-By the pony express, which passed Fort Kearney tive republicans look to the President elect toon Tuesday, we have San Francisco dates to emulate the glories of Washington, Jefferson She 6th test. Business in San Francisco was and Madison, only a contemptible and con-arrangement would be to fix a certain time forthe payment of taxes, and impose a penalty fornon-payment within that period, instead of giv-generally dull, so for as related to commercial tinually decreasing faction place their trust incertain the actual amount to be raised from like Victor Hugo rave about John Brown as a second Washington. In due time, taxation which noW must vary considerably however, they will be brought to real-sJairs. The official return* of the vote of the him to perpetuate the sectional discord which fitote in the Presidential election were opened andaccording to the amount of discount allowed toe the magnitude of the present crisison the sums paid in before December L by its effects. If the cotton States carry THE DISUNION AGITATION IN VIRGINIA.—The the lasting pressure and perpetual inter-riod of witch-burning in Salem, and temperance 'ities from other London journals, becauselew fanaticism to Maine aad Massachusetts, has t i ey all go to show, not only that the crisis out the shedding of one drop of blood. Asitbeen employed by an ambitious clergy to retain ttrough which these States are passing has al-their oligarchic supremacy over narrowminded, rrudy taken toe place of the great topic of the credulous and bigoted followers. Mr. Lincoln day in England, but likewise prove that thehas been truly said, republicantowtitationaareupon their trial, aad it remains to he seenwhether Abraham Lincoln will do hto dutyfaithfully or go over to the enemy. The pub-lic verdict has already been pronouncedagainst the Chicago platform, against tawPersonal Liberty bills, against all the ab-stractions of the republican party, andMr. Lincoln, if he understands hto dutyto hto God and.his country, aad has thecourage to do it, will come oat now, boldlydiecard all the trash which the small politiciansof hto party dignify with the name of " principies," and declare himself independent of allrat-lions creeds or partisan feelings of any sort ment. but there is Utile danger that theto not called upon to decide between the repub- lican faction aad Chicago platform, both of which BIB obsolete, and a democratic party which la virtually dead, but whether he will, aa the father of the people, the successor of George Washington, array himself upon toe aide of religious and political freedom, or he fettered by bonds with which a few New Eng- land clergymen would shackle him.For thirty, forty, perhaps for sixty centuries, there has existed in the world a self elected, privileged class of saonopoliste of opinion, which, with varying success, has ever continued to devise new means to fascinate small minds, cater to the newest and most fashionable pre-lintish journalists are so far misled by toe re- publican press that they are utterly incapable of urdoistanding themselves, much less of ex- plaining to their readers the causes which have I <oigbt about the present state of things in America. The English capitalist agrees with the English journalist in the opinion that the American crisis to only a flurry, that it will blow over in a short time, and that It to a sort of special dispensation in favor of foreign specu- lators. Therefore, the merchants and bankers of Loudon and Liverpool take advantage of the depreciation in the prices of our great steplew—cotton, corn, wheat and tobacco— and the low figures which appear in our stock list, and British gold flows in our direction. Cotton is still king, andall parties to Italy. Theof Naples and Sicily with the a i rcannot be other than an object oftercet to the whole of Nortoern*Italy,affords the beat guarantee of freedom from in- ternal strife.joyeduponeveryother. Ifpro-slaveryor anti-slavery are to become distinct tenets, pre- cisely the same right to believe with the Souththing. Indeed, on the contrary, a large ma- those brave followers of the brave, who mayW h o D o c s M r . L i n c o l n R e p r e s e n t ?It has become so evident, through recent or with the North is to be protected, as tojorityofthepeoplewouldconsidertheabsence reasonably be thoughtto have beenungene- of the New England States from the confedera- rously treated. Garibaldi, say what we may,developemente and a careful analysis of the looked for by the Catholic, the Presbyterian, late Presidential vote, that Mr. Lincoln was not the Episcopalian, the Methodist, the Baptist,elected to the Chief Magistracy of the United the Unitarian or the Free Thinker, in advo- States by any predilection of the people for cating and maintaining his opinions. The abo-tion a very great gain. Just let Massa-abolitionist disunion, bnt by fortuitous causes,that even the " wayfaring man, though a fool,"cannot fail to perceive how utterly false the he shall none the less recognise as his neighboridea is of those pseudo religious and philan- the Southern fellow citizen who brings hislitionist of Massachusetts may prohibit slavery,ask her to remain. They could get every de- scription of fabric cheaper from Europe than from Massachusetts, and they would get rid ofWeourselvesareassincereadmirersof that great Italian liberator as any in Europe; but we cannot do otherwise than hope that howeverlocally, for his own people, if it suits him; butwill recoil with tenfold disaster upon both demagogues and people.Garibaldi, we learn, will very soon leave the island of Caprera for Paris, to confer, by invitation, with the French Emperor respectingof '>(> to 54. Mr. Harris, the Commisaioaer from revulsion of feeling, from Maine to Kansas, dation. Let Mr. Lincoln do this, let l;iui con- bp-ird to have emanated from the philosophers England instead of those of New England, and Austria and Hungary. There to no doubt that Mississippi,addressedtheLegislatureonMonday. withinthelastfiveweeks,isestimatedatitspro- sideralsothenecessities of the coul.'driaiton »fttieNewYorkTribune. Itgoeswiththeothers attbesametunemanufactures extensively for the best policy theCabinet of Vienna canstated, has tendered to the Governor of South tegrity of the nation, while but fifty thousand ceptional. Let Mr. Lincoln plant himself firmly states that London, Liverpool, Manchester Lowell. From a pound of iron, worth a Carolina his resignation as representative in Con- over a million were, even on the 6th of Novem- upon the rock which afforded a sure and safe and New York are directly interested in the few cents, watch spring, may be manufacturedgress.Our Milledgeville despatch gives a brief accountber last, to be considered as siding with the foothold for his illustrious predecessors of the perpetuation of Blavery, and the Herald goes soworth thousands of dollars. But without theprinciple that " the Northern conscience is irre- early days of the republic, and its existence isquestion a» to whether the seceding States should concilably opposed to slavery, because slavery safe. Storms may arise and winds may blow, eyes of the manufacturers to a sense of their in- their makers? Without cotton what wouldfar as to call upon the government to open the act individually or co-operatively. In the Senate ia wrong." The popular voice itself has pro- but nothing can rend asunder a fabric which eve irity and assist them to obtain cotton else-iron where would be the watch springs and Lowell be and the other town* of New Englandof the discussion in the Georgia Legislature on thehas the highest and most sublime principles ofall the other seceding States was adopted by a vote one, its abhorrence of abolitionism; and if the toleration and freedom of Oj>it<!or. for iN (u.ni- which we have mado an extract, is sufficiently exchange for her cotton, takes the goods of Old portant influence over the Italian kingdom,the resolution in favor of co-operation with claimed, by a majority of three and a half towh re. The article in the Telegraph, from where it is manufactured? When the South, inA convention of Minute Men was held at Nor- per worth, it is within bounds to assert that not in 1860, recommend for the benefit of both Northfolk. Vs., yesterday. Strong secession sentiments^ one out of six of those who are entitled to and South such amendments to the constitution t t re expressed, and mnch enthusiasm prevailed.The steamship Atlantic, from Southampton on vote within the United States are prepared as shall maintain each in its rights, and he will the 6th tnst., arrived at this port early yesterday to endorse the continuance of aggressive deserve to be classed higher in history thanto thow, however, that the depth and import- hen-elf, what will become of the prosperity ofance of the secession movement is not under- Lowell and the wealth of the solid men of Bos- compliance with the demands of the Hun-any President since the time of Washington but her advices have been anticipated. The re- of Ihe ravings of Messrs. Garrison, Wendell who ever occupied the place to which he iaception of our usualfilesenables ns to give to-day Phillips, Greeley, Henry Ward Beecher, Gid- called as Chief Magistrate of the country. details of European news one day later than those dings, Wade, Hale and Sumner has been a com-British public In the face of the large specie shipments—over two millions—already made, it is apparent that this profound ignorance of the directors of public opinion has had the effect of stultifying the popular mind, and the natural inference is, that when the reactionby their desperate situation can resort to such Aim y logic as that which constitutes the staple of the republican journals of New York.morning. The Atlantic brings $850,000 in gold, policy against the South. The practical effectreceived by the Etna, published yesterday morn- ing-THK MANAGRMEXT OF THE CITT FINANCES.—PROSPECT or AN ATLANTIC TELEQRAPH. It there is every probability of the destruction ofGreatBritainmustpaytribute. Oursecurities DROWNINOMEN CATCRTNOA* Swuws.—Thethe shores of the Thames. The Times takes its arguments from our republican cotem- poraries. The former errs innocently, while the latter intentionally, aad to promote party purposes, suppress facts, distort the truth, and exert all possible means, fab? or foul, to mi'•epresentthepositionoftheSouth.Let us look for a moment at the theory of the London Times. Not because it to new. The fact to, that the Times has taken up the position which the progress of events has compelled the more temperate of the rej ublican leaders to abandon long ago. The Times begins by ridiculing the secession movement, and declares that it has been caused bythedisappointmentoftheSouthattheresultjustasif thefibreofflaxwillnotalwaysmakeare "far more bitter than those of diverse that which South Carolina gives her slaves.nations and races;'' that they are " facts whichcannot be reasoned away," and that "it is invain to dispute the danger." The Times alsotakes the correct view of the matter when it the sustenance of the white slaves ofstood by the people who do the thinking for the ton? It is only persons whose wits are affectedgarian Diet and relinquishing Venetia; but at present the intense antipathy which Francis Joseph has to suffering this loss leads us to think that he will prefer fighting the battle, although, according to existing appearances,The system of collecting and safekeeping thefinances of the city and county is very defec- does come it will be more terrible than if theand the Faroe Islands, that the project is quitepracticable. If this be true, it is a matter of thegreatest moment to this country and to thewhole commercial world. Assuming that a per-manent difficulty exists in working the longstretch of submarine cable from Valentia to Newfoundland, as the failure of the great Atlanticcable would indicate, that difficulty may be ob-viated on the new route, because in no case will Vrews or AMERICAN Pounca.—In another the endorsement which the success of the re^ there be any necessity for a longer submerged column will be found a report of the dinnernecessity of raising large sums of money on loans for the passing expenses of the govern- ment at interest which counts up a heavy item in the year. Last year, for instance, the inte- rest on county loans alone amounted to over $70,000. Now this is a dead loss to the trea- sury, which might be avoided by collecting the taxes earlier in the year. Again, a bonus of seven per cent is now allowed on all taxes paidpreceded it, such as the growing insecurity of slave property, owing to the open attacks of John Brown and the sneaking larcenies of baser thieves than he; the unfriendly legisla- tion of the New England States, and, finally,TiuNXSorviNQ DAT IN BERLIN—GRRkANgiven in celebration of Thanksgiving Day by the Americans resident in Berlin. It will be seen, by the speech of Baron Von Holzendorf, that intelligent Germans take a much more rational view of the inconsistencies incident to republican as well as all other systems of government than English politicians or jour- nalists. In alluding to the "bowie knife" and "Lynch law"—ideas attaching to America in many parts of the Old World—he obser- ved—and the sentiment was loudly cheered by the Germans present—that "it was better to have to suffer from the occasional ebullitions of individual energy than froming a reward for punctuality as now established.This plan would work better in every way. It British statesmen look at them from the Exeterwould enforce punctuality, and it would render Hall point of view, and while FrenchmenBut the greatest evil in our finance depart- Richmond Enquirer, the organ (democratic) of countedbytheSecretaryofStateonthe3dtnst.,issurelyreducingustoastateofpoliticalmenttothemodeinwhichthepublicmoneysheirintentionsintoeffect,Englandwillfeel ferenceofapolicesystem."Ittoonlyand showed a plurality for Lincoln of 757. The anarchy. are kept Some other plan should be adopted.datesfromOregon by this arrival are to the 28th A critical examination of the history of If the city to to obtain no interest on itsa l t , and from British Colombia to the 19th; but the rise and progress of the republi- deposits—which it does not receive now—itthe meagre details furnished, we do not can party would show that toe vital would be far better to retain toe finances in taything of striking interest. A synopsisof the news will befoundin another column. element which has sustained it will gold and silver as the federal government An explosion of one of the steam pipes on board readily account for its present disorgani- does. It would at least be secure if so pro-zation,aswellasforthesingularmannerin videdfor,whichittonotwhiledepositedin •Hrtoek yeateitmy mmsing, off Throgg's Neck. which tt has acquired its factitious claims upon any bank; for the security which the county ThesteamerWSBOBherwaytothaieity,batat theattentionofthepeople.Itssuccesshas treasurertoboundtogivetowhollyinadequate the time of the BIMIIJSBB BtslisM at anchor, wait- been owing to the advantages which a minority. to the amount ordinarily in his possession. ingfordayHght.Tenpersonawerescalded—eightwhateverprinciplesitmayhave,possessesoverForinstance,atthepresenttimetheretovarythe shock more severely than any one imagines the Virginia dtouniontots, has become exceed- The English look to ns tor moral ropport m ingly beUigerent It says that Maryland oughtto prevent the inauguration of Abraham Lin-by balancing the benefits against the dtoadvan- ages of any particular form of society or go- vernment that a correct idea can be obtained of its-conditions. As no human system can hope to attain perfection, that which gives the greatest individual liberty and which conduces | most to the happiness and prosperity of the massestomanifestlytbeonewhichtoentitledtothe first place in mens estimation.Whilst the suicidal obstinacy of a faction toonthepointofbreakingapaconfederationwhich excites toe admiration and envy of theEuropean populations, it to noteworthy that tikePrussian speakers at this meeting should all have insisted upon the necessity of the unity of tbe German States being secured by a similar plan. Should rach a result ever be realized, it can only be rendered permanent, as bitter ex- perience has shown us, by due provision being made for the equality and full protection of all the interosto involved.of them so badty that they had to be removed to a majority, in rallying around it all the discon-nearly two millions of the city money in hank, whereas the treasurer is bound in only $200,- 000 for security, which, in fact, is BO security at aU.The whole financial system needs reform,and in no instance more than in this matter of| keeping the deposits, and we hope to see it all changed before long.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069coln aa President of the United States; that \ Virginia and Maryland ought to seise all the federal forts and navy yards within their reach, and that ia every possible way the issue of warshouldbemadeupagainstablackrepub- lican administration. On the other hand the Richmond>FAto(Bell-EverettUnionorgan) indignantly exposes what it says to the plan of the Virginia disunionista to precipitate the "mother of States and statesmen'" into the un- known ocean ot secession; that this'plan com- prehends the call, election and meeting of a State convention, and the act of secession for Virginia by the convention, ail in the brief in- terval to the 4th of March. The Whig callstoehoapitmOBthafratrtrmtothiscity. A B A Cc o u l of tfct Mjrr'ii— fa ff1"—'tw *»"**""• p1***tented iwdrtnmawintertportions of the commu- nity. Of flte raters for the republican ticket at the late election, two-thirds, at least, wereA oteaatrwBSfireocenrred last evening at No. toand 19 Irranktortatreet, a seven story building, simply anti-democrats—men disgusted with theowned by Charles Jenkins Bad occupied by difiV venality, corruption, littleness and want of title rt nt persons. The loss • estimated at about oae to personal and public respect enjoyed by theUntitled Documentpeople had been gradually prepared forthe contest which they have been waging againstdespotism during the last century and a half.The European liberals point to the UnitedStates, a silent but most powerful argument infavor of the principle of self-government. 8othemattertonotaltogetheroneofdollarsandcents. It takes a higher and a broader ground,andshouldbetreatedasasolemncrisisinthehistory of toe world. The responsibility ofmeeting it rests upon the President elect Mr.Lincoln to placed in one of those grand posi-tions which are rarely vouchsafed to men, aadwhich are almost invariably filled by indivi-duals who have sprung from the body ofthe people. Washington assuming the com-mand of the army, Garibaldi departingftnm Genoa for hto Sicilian expedition for time and the decencies of deliberation uponasserted yesterday that "cotton is not king,"cockney shopman who never travels beyond" Which he manufactures what he calls " fibrilla," which there is a wide field in the readjustmentof taxation, the fostering of foreign commerce, linen, no matter to what process it to sub- the abolition of police spies, the formation ofjected. It may prove to be a very good article, new roads, and much beside. These improve- and it may turn out a sham; but it will be no ments to national policy cannot bat convincesubstituteforcotton,whichtodestinedtoreign theNeapolitansoftikeadvantages ofafreego- king of American commerce for some time to vernment, involving wealth and comfort, norThe most prudent suggestion that could be fairs, and Philadelphia is n dozen South Caro- made to the new government would be that oflina* rolled into one." We would ask whatwouldLowellandPhiladelphiabeto-daybutfor South Carolina and the other cotton States?Because Lowell produces fabrics exceeding incoln." This statement to utterly absurd. TheSouth was not disappointed, because the Southhad no hope that the election would result inanyotherwaythanitdid.TheSouthhadnospecial candidate for the Presidency. Mr. Bell,Mr. Breckinridge and Mr. Douglas were sup-ported by certain rival political factions in theslave States, but the Southern people properwere not united upon either of them. NowtheyfeelthattheadventofaNorthernsectionalparfy to power to the crowning point in a seriesofattacksuponaninstitutioninthepreservationof which the interests, not only of the South,but of all the States, and even Great Britainherself, are bound up. And it is very naturalthat the descendants of the men who foundedthe great empire over which Victoria holdssuch gentle sway, as well as those who perilledtheir lives and fortunes In our War of Indepen-dence, should think seriously of resuming thepowers which they delegated to the federal the disturbing element of her Puritanism. mnch he may be dissatisfied, nothing will arte?moment than South Carolina to commercial af-is tbe national hero; he is the^dol of the Ital- chusetts propose to secede from the ians; hto name to a power throughout the new Union, and she will see whether any kingdom, and there to no knowing how thatof the middle or Southern States will power may eventually work.There are no paupers in South Carolina, whose his special partisans now advise him to strag- products not only support her own people gle for. It will be a bad sign indeed if Naples in comfort, but contribute materially to and Sicily prove to be ungovernable, and itvafls to the Parliament of Tarto, faction to coasequeathe objects Of the projected Italian-Hungarian war against Austria. This will be a mark of high consideration, and may exercise an im-adopt will be that of preventing the war by a hundred thousand dollars, about one-half covered by insurance.leaders of tae dominant party, and prepared towww.fultonhistory.comthis great crisis, and for a fight i a the Union 