 : VImbI waa '-promote thsn^ of"miitfla&m* alsoSpaniard I «niinent a^ "55: "Whydoa«»aij»urremlt^'ib:feliow^men.importantIs thefor tUs tract of UoH BiaawnninV and do ivitkaiaw'loe'^EAOOB—Httla biookiu tribute to theyear Ir-hfTiTirtinn Its rrmiiinn•difficultyfrom thebegiimingnotcouldtheIt havereiteratedof the North.issuhig new editions of Isabella ChtUutmnndBmrnyaideofiother inquiryprinciple. :;{it bethought might best to leaveand issueworkstask and the of diificaltystructions, scattered over the whole North land.-^lianaeqalttedhimselfuwallMiMarwliolian crowifofloasA li^al^-Jietieiniutianfgraaxtariirikbodoew. rangement,and^vIfadiUi bi*I867t dbtlngnUhed whole,as a akil'fromforbearance and'theyjustifiedGot- tKodoatWuiUiigtoa Irving to tUaeoort?consequence such as Oodall manttiTBumanTlUag wMeh IrrlDg (iMnild aak, and hia sigoa-portaatelementtobeconsideredinevUsandwtcogcofthasyatam? / Pasiok—Ye*, it does to alBim.t far ourOoroinmelitto rafnaeIt was not with-Thy errand npon earth was andetermihingItnewoudmakaialmmt any treaty acceptable tohia intellect and active, and the brightmrpoopte.'J'»»t«ri,hour of decay seemed yet distant. He had be- ctnne more than ever tbe of public venera-Pastob—The Publishing Committee alone—for this it was created.have demanded, would be the expulsion of the So-yean that the Committee uttcTljf refuse ta printOBtte Soi^tetheSnony-object tion, and in bis beantifui retreatimpulseor less pure'ciety's colporteun and needy field.andpnbiicatioiisfrom a wideIrring went back toand continued to make it bis his life. Those who passedit acknowledges no than that of love.less nobleone word of tetlimomi agmnst the systemj that they wiU not pMUh the Word ofOoiwpmit: that they strike out every word retatinr to tie »U- jeetfTom aU their books Tm Miu ri*er before the yvara little too much visited,then nopowerI admit it.But ought not the SocietybringsmigbtferIt now waa<«,' slanted ita was ss beautiful as the nature vvithout. A sur-ing Committee, but it cannot eonstitutlanally, by aexpnldon of its eolportenn and publlcatioas from the Southern and Southwestern States ?how afwVnSS^i statement palpdilr enwteons, and9 planted prospered in thst ,._, and were filled with birds t ieaTe their nests' at the approachthem thejomtsand andisa marrow,; he labon toThe house be- caBM almqatbldden from sight br their loftj sum- Biit*, tbe perpetual rustlings of which, to those who sat wfthln, were blended with the murmurs of the water. Van Tassel would have had some in recognizing bis old abode in thia little pandise, with the beauty of which one of Irrlng'scolporteura distributhigthatmotUates aof thaUnliiiasterof thehad,anboundedconfidence in itsBieods* IMS made the public familiar in prose aind' Terae.otheroriginalof the styles that it was reallv a new work. Forraiely prolonged,whole country mourned, but the grief was most ewercountryand our milUonspftbelost, ;was the outset to thought inmy partI iaiow of nothing like it. I have read nodeeplyfelt in his immediate the neighboihood;Nomade in the Society's stereotype plates.hononble omdncfbe delighted to speak..the dayssults with which God has forcrowned this union Society, raise the inqniry,was' a mam with whomperfect ;it was not easy to have a of October. The hilts andthirty-five years There is no less need for its ex-ciety assembledmfunds and servants.misnadentandingdifferent temper, these commendations would have been itone tbe leas well deserved.Irvinging, in that quiet atmosphere, as the solemn fune- theShould it exist ?istence now than at any former time.places are as numerous, the souls of the poor and destitute as precions, its facilities for supplying them with the of the as— BPastobfmids to erefct a monument to hislecting — memoryThe Committee in ten speakscould elect a Board, and the Board elect the Com-in this City a design which I am sorry to say has wholly failed. He wrote a letter advising that the maooment shoqld be a statue, and attended thetbe difficultPabtok—Happily tbe Burders, Bogues, FullersmitteehaUtnalgreatI difficulty. regardSlateby as asystemofit not removed them ?the Wecannotwonderatthesedoubts. Atthetime when he began to employ himself steadily on this work, he waa near tbe age of threescore and ten, when with most men the season of hope and con- fidence is past. He waa like one who should be- gin the gnst labor of the day when the son was shedding hie latest beams, and what if the shad-ows oftask was ended ?bandingabstinent habita,and the exercise which he tookwhoever would accurately understand the existing facta would do well attentively to examine it.;religious deep painuponthen, Executivefullyand recentU brought to light relating to the pa^rs —trace these evils to the system of American Slave- ry, and show the wickedness of those implicated inthe course ofthe—niversary gag speech,undertaken when it was suggested by Constable the narrative coaid not have been so complete in;The simplicity already mentioned is thefirst qoali^ of ttus work wliich impresses the reader.voluniarilyawayIrom theirshould 7partthe world—Deacon ^Why, thia is vastly different from theHere IS a man of genius, a poet bywritiDg the life of a man of transcendent wisdom7Pastob—The Tract Society is not a Church, butwhich are issued by Boards of Publication, ecclsiastical, voluntary, re- ligious, literary and scientific, have been revised and abridged substantially on the above principles. Dr. Leomabd Bacon, in speaking of revisions,and virtue—a lifeas Mr. Dana callsIt, is never coarse never tainted wiih grossness, a voluntary combination individuals to do a spe-now defend it asry, justwas misunderetood and patsis-tion ia rented"yours, Deacok ^Anotherpomt. Ifamidst inestimable public services.of —passeda constant temptation to eulogy, but the tempta-it was that anniversary ?. But the fkcts are beginning to be understood, andmarkedbyingny from the North ?tentlymisrepresented,; theactionsofbisheroareleftto ^eak tbeir own praise. He records eventsor I might think truth, upon every subject, or evenPastorIf that were so, it would only show thegives this rule:It is well in publisMng anyrevermtly.such measure of ability as I a and pos:>e8s, rapidupon every important subject.lated to beget trouble, and the retention of wtiichSocietyIrving.A closer examinadon reveals another great merittrue men. 4/ godliness amonghe ifhe can,vast of storesknowledgeto do much the Anti., good by circalatloq/ofof the work, the admirable proportion in which the author keeps the characters and events of hishave ap- on the stage of the world, performiid theirDsACON-^But has nol the Committee forgotten it!, great work, and spent its strength upon the liischoose,testimony. Suppose to utter apride of authorship above a desire of usefulness ; it would forbid a living author to change his ownSlaverytracts. TbeChairmanofthePublishingIscious of this merit, and that itand the PASToa—By no means. The great body of itsstory.supposehardly have been con-oftempeiancs, dancing," for the whole countryout a direct aoshapedand'matutedthe ao arranged Its parts in theirand comes to the con- as authoritative. -For whose benefit is tMa testimony now invoked 7 Is to the South, to slaveholders sbd their defenders, by Northern men, upon a sab- of which the South think the North is greatly Would a testi- uttered by such a body, in present circum-in issues have sanctioned wrong theyastbe of Boston he wasexecotlngnot have madethe chemist of 1809 would be a vain babbler among his biethien of the days and would ui turnuponhave published but little, and only that which inisfactorythe tracts would rot on the Dkacon—But is not the Constitution of the So-^ffort.probably invented and »dople.d, and have pushed the old outweight, sciences reproved;would it banish from most of our Churches theirwilUngto publishit as he didtbe one Crucified ;" while uponstatement 7 DEACON^Yes,It a differenthave it There is nothing distorted,a new dialect and forgotten the old;it not as areproofisting pressure, though shelves.he couldpart, and been called to their account;wars haveworks in new editions it would convict almost when they virtually separated, that he believed theplace.Executive Comadt- prayed for God's bieaaingand the Fubliehing Committee, a new thing with the Bi-"Hen is Foster's Ooldtmiih ; nied Life ofdoes not thissuggesttheposterity. If authors have no tohim oneI think ofmoir of Oo)4in>itl>>" answered Irving, which was prehxed to an e^on of Ids works printed at Pa-an of the heart. This disease enlargementliberty freelyday tepnbliabiDgbyit" "I once wrote a me- ended in the usual way by a sudden dissolution, perform,responsibility. —prepare according their own Desting it more perfect.'' If you wul do that," wasby one of his nieces carrying his mediciaes,he complained of a sudden feeling of intense sad- ness, sank immediately into her arips, and died without a struggle.answer my questions, .and if possible remove my difficulties?what they esteem duty, asfear of the South as by denunciations from the North.leply—Pastob Glad I am that—Deacon HaveInotseenaof the bookseller, "I shall not re-chargearticle withthepablidi the Life by Foster." Within three monthshave marked its progress, and rejoiced in its labors,auch a purpose.Goldsmith was finished and in press. It was so much superior to theyousignallysealedby tbe blessing of the Spirit. Its Gospel of tbe grace of God toimplyingaiierwarda Irrtng'aLife ofand as I esteem it subject, onememorialmeetingheldin MetropolitanHallhis daily actions. He was ever ready to do kindWorcesters, Dwights, Balstons, Masons, Milnorsj and other founders of these Catholic societies have left a record of their aim and work which cannot be misread.tion waa ever taken.^restm Febmanr of the nexttender of tbeof others,to tbe merciful side ofSLATIET.—Deacon Hss tlK Society, then, all necessaryat which Webster preaded. Be was then near the end of his sixty-offices,feelingscarefullyt J)«ACON—While I csimot but assent to the basistained and in the New Testament, is the preachedeighth year,yougive renewed thanks to God for the good done bysavingyear, andwasremarkedasoneeverwhom tice,had youth, preservingto save souls for Christ'ssouL In that with them.if I mistake not,through the action of the Board of Directora.the lastwhom Dr. Francis describes as in early life a slen-to Chtist.They longedDeacon—If; the is diraatisfiel then, Societytwenty years der and delicateHe,daily exercise, appearedassembly a fresh, well-preserved gentleman, scarce- ly more than elderly, with firm but benevolent features, nell-knit and muscular limbs, and an elastic step, the sign of undiminished physical vigor.its, but be was acutely sensitive both to praise andand for this one"paramount all-absorbing ob- enormous wrong, as indeed the sum of all vil- same in with this as with Pastor-The truth lies nere, my friendIn his retirement at Bunnyside, Irving plannedtion of husbands and wives, parents and children,be maintained.; but when the Society meets, it sustains the Execu-and executed his -last great work, thehad never Society beenandwish tbe Society totive,andfrownsupon —thesehe had forwardashiscrowningliteraryeflFort. Constable,and when it ceasesWatkington,sayslong;SocietyPastor— are such. The has re- ^They Societyto whfch helookedstartedonDeacon—But did not the report of the Com- peatedly pronounced against them haveStates. It was postponed in favor of other bufceverabandoned. Atlengththeexpectedlime;then,princi-wish the Committee toseemed to have arrivedsuccessfully performed the world wastwo after the failure of his brothers at Liv- yearsspeakdisagreed points?;for new works from his penspeakbaldly and sub-suppose, that great evils and vices arise out of ttle system, and that oppression is at least very oftennot be Pastor—Technically,werediscussed, promotethe widest and best use-righis;he found it almostline. He was throughout life an early riser, and when in the mood, would wri^e all the" moraing and till late in the day, wholly, engrossed with his subject. In the evening he was ready for any cheerful pastime, in which he took part with anprerogative. They expressedtain duties and evils connected withyetliterary productions yet remained, and he ad- dressed himself to this greatest of his labors.manpassed lightly. his healthbelief,bookseller, had proposed it to himFrom the time that he began the composition ofthe Sketch Book his whole life was the life of anauthor. His habits of composition were, however, forgotten its first great and only design. Let usmities inPastob—Upon 'some of theits heaven-blessed mission.mittee of fifteen irutruct the Publishing Com-they Society,satisfyingpublic.would lie untouchedto answer a letter at those times, wa« an irksomeshould descend him before his uponnighthim by the almoat numberless documents every day,buke.Deacon True, but do the works of tbe Societyand sentthousands who love this mode ofA vast labor had been thrownsalvation of souls aaa Union—— Deacon Hastheday,"On the 28th of November last, in the evening, heThoseby before that vastheartily!youprojects, his other tasks had beenother times he would write For scarcely anything.No,Sir.ap-waiting ; hismindand^ody in their vigor, the habit and the love ofthe Executive Committee to fearlessly its sentiments upon allout importantSlavery and cautioned the Committee;Yet he had his misgivings, though they could notTheseas the Bible does 7Societyhear protect him in"much too much," he said to a friend of mine, toanimation almost amounting to Iiighspirits.pression Pastok—ble?Pastor—For a fullhim,I know not how could youdivert him from his purapse. —They expect too whomhewasspeaking of the magnitude of thesome- guor, and at times by depression of spirits, and?"Hehad been aevents in which Washington was concerned such walker and a fearless rider, and in his de/sliiingas were amassed and digested by the research of—BEVISlNO AND ABBIDGINO BOOKS.freeand shout downoppos-and Sparits,accompanied biography.by the commentary of These were all to bedenominationalPasioe—Are there not bther than denomina-— -=-Tastoehis excellentI noticewith the aspect of nature. One of his favorite carefbUy examined and their spirit extracted. recreations was to of which hefrequent complaints againstnor did it aid or abet any such ai^^uietly,havingnopowertocontrolathousand menrendered indignant by this peraistent agita- tion>Historians had in the meantime arisen in our listening music,was an Indulgent critic, and he contrived to betional subjects, such as poUtics or Slavery, the discussion of which might destroy harmony ?inthe havenotfeltthat system. Theythewhich the Committee is governed in prepsringcountryofaworld-widefame,withwhoseworks pleatedandsoothedbystrainslessarttuUymodu-— forbid these ?vjayto win and convert.Theyfindingbyworks for the 7bis own mnst be compared, and he was to be jno^ed by a public whom he more than almostthan fastidiou^ars areHis facility in writing and the charm of his styleDeacohPerhaps so ?but does the Constitution—Deacon True enough, the Committee shouldother man had ocrity.—does, unless there is agreement upon them. Inthe same other religious publishers,principleswhichgovern not be faeld responsible ;but did not 'the majorityanytaughtto beimpatientof medi- ••PastokTheprinciple upon which it is basedwho us thatbooksI do not believe, however, that Irving'a taskand not, in my opinion, owing to any special study of \he graces of maimer or any anxious care in thethetion says nothiog about denonunational peculiari-would have been so if it had been performed ablyfact, my friend,defirungarticle of theCQUstitu-inherit thecannot kingdomHeavenWMle will not issue a sentence wMch they believe might mislead one soul. All works of lioing authors are issuedas one inigbt have recorded them be-I have thus set before yon, my friends, withbook to eschew whatever there be in it calcu- may—the nationalchosen work, the diSiisiuafore tbe ait of rhetoric was invented, with no ex-Deacon—Wwild you, then, forbid the Society towhich is neither a Northern nor Southern in- stitution, giving its testimony upon a point whereits original andPublishing Boston Branch withdrawn and set up loraggerttiotii'vrlthnoparadeofrefleelloD; theles-imperfect sketch of the life and genius of Wash-do nomight good." Perhapswithoutchange, whysens of tHe narrative ate made to impress them- selves OB the mind by the eanieat and conwien- tioos relation of facts. He?nt!me the aarratar keeps himself in the background, solely occupied withtheduepresetitati«nofhissubject. Ooreyes are upon the actors whom he sets before us, we never thuik of Mr.Christians disagree. Butthis does notwas Long mediution hadChristian denominationevery amongus of officialnothing placed in too brosd a light or thrown too far in the shaie.by these principles;but have I notrecentlyreadThe incidents of our ipvolutionary mar, the greatihem. Nation utters to nation in words speechjudgment provsiof goodordeeply prejudiced?these principles in the omission of certain phrasescietyeventofWashington^life,passbeforeusas theyupon dancingbtftit the eves of the Commander-in-Chief passed of—such as ail have approved, so far as I have stances4iave any power over the consciences good and true men are very recklessly made by an Deacon How then,themes, theywas calculated to receive the ap- jectnimseU^ andilPSBi time to time varied his designs. light. ueigliborsSociety pub-Washington H kept always In sight, and the office a narrow\Old World ahd the ever heard. I do not affirm that Christians fully of tbe South 7 You ask the Committee to utter a irresponsible Press ia these days. Look a mo-is never allowed to become merged in that of the hiatoiiao.frith, and themittee admits it would not be right for theNew-of ihscase. Thewith mutilating "Leoh Bicbmond's tract." ThebiogispberNew shake hands across itlook in at each other's windows. The new invea- tioiis bring new calamities, and men perish inall testimony against Slavery in the midst of heatedment at thisCoinmitteeischareedThe men who were theot Washing-fact is, that tract was abridged and published bythe New-England Tract Society in 1815, ten yean Deaoob—When the Society at before the National Society at New-York bad an Branch, did it not enter toto a sacredof theprovince of a biographer, than the slightestwiiul, against each other and destroyed can with infinite bloodshed. We grow giddy with thesepublishimmense work ofnow car- in thosely ini^gnant, by tMrty years,iimt«^act.onoW*todetraction from the merits of that hu heto others,of the JVew-When tbe Boston Society became a branch of tbe and legacies, and thus gaia^^'^^^ sttengtlieompaslonsBoston became agreat events and There isplayingand always in harmony with our better sympa- cific and limited work a work most carefully de.scriptural,thus call-If ever ameetingattained with-in Msjust symmetry, that,latitude Anti-Slaverymind, and thing from what weare the one theme— issues upon—or were needed at the North, but to meet ihe ex-planconscientiously, he couldthe household economy of half mankindhas uodeigone a revolution. Science has learned tionbof thosenot that would go Soath, they;phrases.ofsystem Slaveryrawir,sympa-the has issned Societyand moved a glytruth, adapted^_^The reate tittt«|tUi fast work of Eving wasunulnidged. retd£ ingltsteatlBKmy agajnat the BlBva-u^eTsadtte"-*-i«« joar«geiitlhBM«inrtu>mmmtMjlottMTIwTOSToa compMednibhewaaintheenjoymentofwhatmightbeeaOedaliaiiiqroIdage.Dkaow(cm consequence of auch a testimony as many article, and other papen and speaker^ affirmed foroat itabat his Dime was un- infinnilies, yetandwhere the harmonioua activity of those who inhabitDeaoow—And who decidesBto have not tha papar containing thisall the advantages and few of the molestatlans of ac-Deaoov—Hastbeolder thaa himself, shared it with him, and several affectionate nephews and nieces stood to him in the relations of sons and daugh- ters. Be was surrounded by neighbon who saw .)nL ptetaueaqae building, with him daily, and honored and loved Um the moreAssuredly preach the wholeSocietyfomSl aad£TMS4fcat ffUl f statement by qaotations &om the book* wUchtreea andaqt&oofea ai>d eoOTOted the cot-iSSrJ^?"=2^abrobe,Uld it oatviving brother,DiAcoK—MoathappyamItomeetyou,my Toforcethemtodothisis,Iin the old aroatectani vrith crow-stepa onvrarcinh^band*,Uthe while,with•o~a«t»»ai^'9i*SlMPna dwelUDg«*bound not to disputed teatunony. They are rid^tlii beliering FAaToa;-8ach acknowledgement is ioat ?V.Tcoraen^''^touseh»own forknowinghimsowell.Society,i^in'dtmL" He caused creeping rases to be trained up itsWhile he was engaged in writing the lastdeep and abiiUng interest.sharperquick and than andpowerful,Z^X Dbaoob—pages of his Life of B'oiAin^on, his countrymen heard with pam tnat his health was failing and hisany two-edged sword, piercing evenBut then is nostrength was ebbing away. He completed the work, however, though he was not able to revise the last aheets, and we then heard that Us nights had become altogether sleepless. He was him- self of opinion that his labors had been too severe for his time of life, and had sometimes feared that the power to continue them would desert him be- fore his task shonld be ended. A catarrh to whichdisplay BiaHXoaD^inhe had been sabject, had, by some injndlcloas pre- scription, been converted into an aathma, and themany complaints against it, that I confess my con-;Socisty interpretation.loveastmna, according to the testimony of his physi-DxA£0ll canbe^Ithe command, Go into all the yeit is said QoUtmitk. Patnam, the bookseller, had aaid to siduous of his profession, was at length accompa- the American Tract Society at New-York fails toform their anthor* con-AtIrring wrote his IiifeOliverclan. Dr. one of the most attentive and as- Peters,Bat Is it dssirable to have a Society based on such principles oftheAmericanTract tohad bidden the family good night in his usual kind1littlesurprised that you shouldPastor-No,theyfeartooffendGod. TheCom-the laborers and books from the Slave Stales—hut it isris and I base of it and mak- manner, and had withdrawn to liis room, attended understand the whole subject, will you candidly tboo^t enlarging— who have inquiry yoa; " whenheartilysus-men,and the elements were hushed into a Irving calm it was like one of blandestseeing gloriousre-upon somepointsthere is notyeta eement ?; but, even if he had been of a and waters whichacknowledged evils.controlover itsLife ofoppression speak stirring language.forms,precisely andhasbeenfromthehourtheposition to-day,splendor;Pastob— no means. I have not said, nor ^Byral service was read. It was read over the re- ? Whcm Cooper died, towards the close of the year mains ot one whose life had well prepared his yearsfor if we canagree in condemning;ground,any groondlor mouths thepeneventheattentionofothen. Thosedis- satisfied with the courae of the Executive Com-task.In the evening he wrote but very rarply, know-^^PaSTOb—Anduttera. Still more, there is not an evil arising out of, or cormected with Slavery, or any other institution, which these pub- lications do not repeatedly and plainly condemn, and against wUch, lift up a voice of earnest re-mittee not have,the the papers^and 'ing—so,verer demandspermittingsunder the Society by alienatingem and Southwestern States. This document harmonycleaiand-wderlytr-fillwritings:stillmorefortunateinhavhwwilttao tians,ofwhatelsevutstfinnaUveanswertothesethreemotlva pnn and right? Is tbeactitself"mintoieatrmrti publication TIs mj snileaa7 will ap- prove t The proiabU consequence of an act, onlecs it be one plainly canuqandedin the Bible, is an un-—at 1 infer that no habit se-makes the nervous system than this. It waa owing, I doubt not to this prudent hus-liatities ?Deacok Plainly because thus alone will youtiona, but have destroyed that delight fill spirit of and Christian union which had from tbeoriginal composition.vigorouswhich thethis for tbe sake of peace and usefulness.Deacon ing speskerslatedtoapt require.pressleast,— thehe drove outfor the sake ofDeacoa—Yesuponof bis with his somewlhat powers, alongpreservehave the interruptedservices of to the hearts ofthat he was able topaired to so late a period the faculties employed infor thePastok There are then some important sub-notthe open air and motion, but to refresh his miad?Pastor—No, the Society has never indulged inyearsdaily,onlythat systemcriminations against the persons who may be the Publishing Committee for its manner of revis- vything,? No,weie owing to very pnctice, tbe rending of earlyonly deeply the responsibility and difficulty of preparmg publi-shamefully ga^ the minority ? —good authors and the native elegance of his miod,spiredgiveto do good. They assure cations adapted to the MghestfeelPastor Msjorities, especially if large, are apt to exercise their power, and if indignant somewhatandtions of words are sometimes found in his writingsuse of termsnowhere traceas their cause, but rather trace all sin to a de-ties.its facQ ; it might not have been written with the to which a fastidious taste might object ; but these tiana, and not as denominations, and forbids dis-Nor does thesame becoming simplicity. It was fortunate that do no^ prevent his style from being one of the cussion upon all topics which would foment divi-pravedheart.of the wished to exclude fromthe work was delayed till it could be written frommostture.ulated, unaffected, the native expression of a fer-andtbe smallyet mmoritywere al-the largest store ot materialsly matured in all its lair proportions, and till the author's mind had become filled with the pre- foundest veneration of his subject.—agreeablein the wholerange ligh^,of our litera- sweetly mod-sijn'Bmong good men. The Society is not com.the meetinglovved to speak, speak, full halfthey made the first two motions to cut off debate,till its plan was ful-It isas theto aught else than bitterness and alienation be- and no change made which it is not supposed is,and didthe time —transparentand the limitation ol its organic law affects equally all con- troverted subjects, whether denominational or not.;and a mind delighting in the nuble and tieautiful, turned ia-—Deacon But has the Committee done all itwith of the books which constitute the libraries ofmother words, to and were treated gag.tile a fancy,which, opposites. His pecu-rudelybenignant temper,liar humor was, in atemperament, of this conbtitution of his mind. This fancifulwhich are in daily use in our schools,with common— things,"—risen and passed away mighty captainsthe action of a member of an Anti-Slavery Society,asno one. It would lockpearedCommittee declared at tbe anniversary of 1858,0/ usea' thousand vacia-books.*if the Committee aretracts;— and Him key-Bote "Christ,cherished Psalm andhynmIs this a sat-greatmeasure, theoffspring "clare the witole liulh;academies, and collegesaccounts I have read.Pastor-Doubtless, yet it is the exact troth.thies. It not only tinged his writings, but over- flowed in his deligtatful conversation.She neverto declare all that proposed youwill be satisfied.THE withdrawal OE THE BOSTON BRANCH.ington Irving. Other hands will yet give the world a bolder, a more vivid and exact, a moreutter its teachings upon doubtfal and disputedtoo widelibertyto adutinctive portraiture. In the raeaattm'e, when I consider for how many years he stosd before the world as an author with a still fame——Pastor Assuredly. Itwascreatedfornosuchany member oftotheauthorandthecommunity,and itselfrigid justice New-halfain this most1 cannot hesitate to predict forof centuries Mma dear.bleas renown. Since he to write empires hivemanding distinctive Anti-Slavery action,centurychangefulbegan ;the Commit- testimony upon this subject, would it be of any special value ?been and ended, which have changed theputed questions use of tobacco?;" were rightloughtdettinies of the human race. New arts have BeenNey»-York especially position, laboringp?esentbecome bewildered in the attempt to understand- theiran assault them for supposed violations of uponat Boston substantially the same in it* cath-thatpassliom realm to realm with the apeedPastob—PastorOM grand tha rabble of aimyj animatedvvhich did not tend totfayikforequestions::inf theCoiamitteeewithmade, afinn thatenjoyedmembeiahip in the case ?of theSocietypreserve unim-Societr.Christ.Words and combiaa-they will do no injustice toangry partisan under their own sanction and in no case is a de- the body Societyincreasingpurpose.ledgesinners," end thus to save sirmers, andandde- becaoia did notDistant countries havebeenmads scarcelythe Atlantic Ocean has become groundImoral supposeyouhave. ChareesagainstcantheBostonlish what the Chairman of their PublisMng Com-, ton in the field Or ItvcirliUfe, ate shown only in crowds the recoil of their own devices. War fermity to the instroctions of the sacred Biole in bysuch utterance as would atani;canStnmto theteachingsSociety uponYork to 7 Society publiahthe East and the Westof thesubjects, any more than you would claim fall con- politicaltbeii aaaociation with blm, yet an th^ characters has leariied more fright' ul modes of havoc, and your daily life, although you approve heaitUy of aLd this, too, whencompact,drawn, not only with skill and spirit, bat with a armed himself with deadlier weapons hand that delighted to do them justice. Nothiog, are bome to the battle-field on theI believe, could be more abhorrent to Irving's Ideas and dashed wings^ Deacoh Do youwould rend theall aatisfy you Societyin pieces)existence ;and this "suppression," "mutilation,"itseU inand it notw«'''°! cordially c«Jl.«»teand ceaseless mutationsmight appear more eminent. So lemarkabla i* hil reel nnder our feet, and we turato those who write the judgment of tbe Committee, will meet the ap- ried forward bys "JwBfteaftrt By^ !•»«•tiiriii1arn'„"^.*" ZSSS^SlSf!:^"\^r^pablieation*gT'^^yggy*Immediate presence, I wooM aay: FawweU,who bast entered Into (he net luBfaiaa; Bern tte ing (eneial approval, or OUing to be asefiil, h cant Ducoa—Is it not often said, Do your duty,with°DsApoi—But havinc aepantedl^mOim, * *H.T.*agtonM.foweiofredadnc animmensem thy thethe Oommiltee, apoaeaamia-iaiWhyBuuLSlavery,admiration of thUaadWltfflOitti, win be nid with thework be oormore I ezandna bthen,protectthe hiteresu of hi* own church, and hav- testimony, and it* power to preach the Gospel towaa depooitoika fai all parte of the coa>-in the b~»ti~.*blch.trik.hyamui*. Ptasbytatanfrom Uli to 1816, whenrecognue qualities whlehl was not sure of and-to addnMioS departed ftfand as If tab" •embly theaslavery, lost, utterlyfayaas.Pnsbyteriaa CoUaeflsB <N. 8.) *•«* 1,S» ehsaietor evils eso- than tko natioaal Boctecy »••SSaaaofS^lSSI&T. lSiS«SS Sf O'ma.and eranlnaUnetively reject-^ Duoov—Sappoae» "Pabto»—A trathfol maxim, blindly quoted.hnsBS*BesiAn^ Plnaoaih CeUaettoa shews «or cbangMon not now doing goodit.•«« ns.time and in thU as.itrapid:seems tohundreds ofmostit;"and close fifteen States to and evasive over which this ardent tional Society? Did;the ministry, and modes of Church government and these are doubtless important matters.-opinions uponarmies those of. theinstructions. —identifyspirit,"J'-junion ? Pastor—judgment, who is more a alave than 7 they1another society is pro-{to posing carryforward the wMch workworld," Society yieldLyon precisely densednothingmagnanimonsthies among thythat endurmg fame which thou hast won on earthis but a shadowy symbol of that glory to which thouhastbeenadmittedintheworldbeyondthe ligioustruth.in itstee andupon it, and rejoiced in its large successword of God, throughout the itSouth, wouldbepnnctoatioothisthe news of his death was vital interest to our Church, ourofdeep andby ministers of the Gospel, too, that the Commit-Although he had reached an age beyond whichby them, excluded eveiythmg beartog npon the snbieet ofsketch in the exactness of the particulars, life isthe entertainment of the anecdotes, and the beauty everywhere received with profound sorrow. The common Christianity, I will most cheerfiilly an. l>e power enough and when it was sees thattee meanly and bowed to tbe mandate " cringinglyquestions,biograpbical memoir which carries forward the little children wept for the loss of their good friend. maybe able. Tou will not forget that it takes npon this basis, and heartily join in one effort otimplicatiao is totally antra*.reader so delifhtfallj and with so little tedious- When the day of his funeral arrived the people much leas time to ask than to answer questions. evaageliim, there were joyful gratulations andsubject has been principles yon have stated, will not errI of redulor reflection. I never take it up gathered far and near to attend it; this capitalWhat are thepoints upon which your mind labors ? many thanksgivings that the several member) ofhe will these slan- hope forgivetbeintheipatterofrevisingbooks. Uponthatwithoat bong tempted to vrish that Irving had Vponred forth its citizens the trains on the rail. j—DxACON I have difficultiesrespecting' the Christ's housa were becoming one. Is the onionderen of his own faithfid who are thas servants,npon I restwritten more works of the kind ; but this conld hardly be ; for where could he have found another Ooldamith?withthefr conscience, tbsir judgment, the Constitution of tbe Society, and love to the soula of the slaves require of them.pointwereand alike acowardice for what doingmass meeting, but reverently silent, moved through tbe streets of the neighboring village, which had beenunmanlywayin 1860 appeared his Livei of Mahomet aTtd hie dressed in the emblems of moumijg, and clustered the queetion of Slavery. There are questions ing in number and potency constantly as the daychargedcrowded,multitude,some as to qneslionsSucatMTt, oompoaed principally from memoranda about the church and burial-ground. It was the also as to the changing of books, the late Anni- of Christ draweth on ? Is not the hourDeacok—Would you leave the impression thatIf I am lightly informed, tbe Committee took the ground at tbe last am^eisaiy that the mem- bers of the Society had no power in themade Um his residence in ; andfirst day of December ; the pleasant Indian Sum- vertaries, and the loithdrawalapproach- our blessed Lord wiU be That they all may be one ?" And canthe Constitution forbids any utterance the againstby daringSpaiathe revision of theofthe Branch atwhen thepray«ofdirectUig expenditures of the Society's funds; that as a trust they must be administered according to the Constitution, unmfluenced by the wishes of this or that member, or even by a vote of the whole So-heedition orhjs works which was brought oat its usual date ; the sun shone with his softestinganswered,yon at this late day, after theevils which arise out of because the sub- Slavery,in the sameewby Pntnant, a bookseller of whose obliging andmer of our cLmate had been prolonged far beyondjeaicompletedBoston,"ofiScers,havenot simply folly, but deep wickedness to adopt athese last during yearsI have heard and read soPastob—Jfo, have acted verily. Theymissionary field. claim that all withdrawn from thethings.apofttbe meadows of the founders of tUs and the other Union aocie- had loved seemed listen- ties which have constituted so marked a feature ofhasthe Committee, that it shonld silent keepshort, that the Society ha* uo18S0, Irvbig, who had not long before met Urn, ap- spirit for its new stage of being. Irving did not great souls who lud in prayer and faith, andpanatly in the full vigor of his excellent constitu- tion, was much shocked by the event, and took rait in the meetings held for the putpose of col-aspire to be a theologian, but his heart was deeply penetrated with thebelter part of religion, and he had sought humbly to imitate the example of the Great Teacher of our faith.tears and toil, the foundations of the American Bible, Tract, Sunday School and kindred Societies, we shall be likely to judge more fairly of some ofprovisions Gospel great, and the blessing of Ood upon its work as rich and precious as ever ? nor will its work be done until the neglected masses of our own land, of this con-dealwith,thelatternot. NeithertheConstitution nor Christian expediency counsels silence uponthat trust fimds must beadministeredbythelegalThat amiable character which makes itself soquestionsarising.;manliest in the of was seen in all wriiiQgs Irving,tinent, of heathen nations, have heard the of peace.direct vole en masse, constiato the Committee tobut everjust, leaningjus- and so modest that the world never ceased to wonder how it should have happened that one so much praised should havetocontrol iwfunds ?averse fromstrife,grand agency for eradicating the evils which af-powerPastob—Certamiy, by changmg the Committee'Hesuccess, he sought to detract from no man's mer-Their in great designgained so little assurance.envied no man'sformingthese socie- ;this agency, there is one point upon wUch I haveIf I underatand then, the Committee are governed by precisely thewith its as has often been Executive,said, why has—to blame sensitive to such a degree that an un-andprinciple dealing subject:thefavorable criticism of any of his works would al- most persuade him that they were as worthless asject they resolved to hold in abeyance points upon which those who were to cooperate were notlainies," and slaveholders are fearfully sinful whileall others, namely, to publish without fear orfavor Society as a whole, as shown by tbe cooperatioatbesothey mightwith theapprobation ^reatmen. If that is their posithin it is right, and mustrepresented them. He thoughtthatand one voice plead with sinners to return to God.criticof himself that he could never comprebeod why it was that he should be the object of curiosity or reverence.agreed,greater powerthe evils which arise out of the system, the separa-thethirty years before, and he then resolved to under-take it as soon as he should return to the Uaited by no means regular. When he was in the vein, keep this in view as we advance.Edinburghyou have just now made there is no agreement among Evan-withdrawn from all; of theihe periods would literally stream from his penatthat thePastor—pointed to instruct, no^did they assume any suchof to alienate iis funds.erpool,impossibleto write ahavetheynot theofin the exercise ofintervals of excitement andintensetimes lasting' for w^ks, were succeeded by lan-portant subjectsThere is a certainlyforests,npon There are certain evils aris- ing out of Slavery which all evangelical Christians and there are also certain;labor,this thethe Bible witb-notes and practical in-ond common courtesy, forbids any man to go in fbrcug hislittleconstant that the is with them talking, Society— DiACOM NoPrecisely ofSocietyisdoing, inof the coarse of the Executive Committee in 'this whole matter, I would refer you to their Special Beport, presented to and adopted by the Socie|y in 1858, showing that the Publishing Committee regarded the report of tbe Committee of fifteen, taken as a whole, as not them to publish on Slavery what would the whole Soath-hisright."pomt be) sayandremove difficulties so far as I evangelical Chiiatians of all names could meetPastob—Yes, and it was once said of the Com- mittee's Master, "He is a glutton and a whie- bibber." As the blessed Jesus forgave his slander- ere, I cannot butPastob-If the so,catholic baeitally formed, and hoafor it ought to publieh uponuponorigin-anythe lessdesirable now 7Are not:which theof Christiansthe reasons for unity, in faith and action, increas-OONSTITXrnONAL BASIS.First, let me ask what was the original designject is an exciting and disputed one ; and becauseof our for the last Chiistisnity country fortyYou have been Committee took no suchsadly misinfoTmedr:Th«—The wastenor aspectsofthewholesubjectofSlaverywhichwe uponthatsubject.AdisttoguishedlegalgenuMsaB, in earnest controveray between as good men as tn opposing a motion to tnstruel the PnUitUiif tbe land contains. The former the Society may Committee what to publish, made a speech to showfullycatch thespiritof thosenowagreed evils.thousandvoicesagainstthese, andagainstaUsin, and in the way it judges most likely to do good. Tbe Committee doubtless believe that a full and earnest preaching of the Gospel of Christ, as con-but that the coald a popularbody not,bysake.ties was to win sinners from the ways of deathDeacon—MostThe American Tractformed but for this one workto labor for the salvation of the lost, it will have— Pastor SuchisDeacon—Doples upon which the Society was formed, wMchmittee to on publish Slaveryfellowship with it ;theywaragainst everyyou believe,are embodied in its Conalitmion. will not allowChristians. Do gelical youtinctive featurejects?Pastok HaveyoueversupposedthatanationalWhy cannot the Society utter its denunciations against these evils and that op-suppose any—union Tract Society could speak out upon all im-^connected witb it.a " to talk all the if he right" daydenominationalevidently to be avoided, such as baptism, orders inexplanationwhich Christian not to propriety,jects uponSociety may not speak, andmatter ?Pastor ^Most emphatically.fined.—more clearly the impossibility of the Tract Socie-other mmds,as—indorsed Committee in thisservmgDid not the Committee at the last an-denominational or otherwise, in theearth precept, w^ch,out tbeevangelization! the confidewe of the EnglandSocietyforty-fiveyearsago com".""''^of-^;peculiaritiesarean editiongeneroasThe l»ightnen ofAMEBICAir TRACT "aISSkymay knowledged gieatneas;SOCIETY.Pastob—Yes, all power. The Society can, to bear Ita testimony against the tSh ot starehold-Pastob—Yea; raeh statement* have been made thousand times.neglected cotuge on a green Mfik, perhaps, but submitting to the intrusion of histrees before It, doae to where aadmirers with his characteristic patience and kindness. The retreat had now become more charming than ever, and the domestic life withinPlaU Qneetioms aad Anawen.A OOimitSATION BSTWSIN A PASTOft AK) HI8 DIAOOV.through the action of its Board, iu Publish- changei»gi even if the ceitahi wonld be the consequenceDkacor—Will yoa then, my dear pastor, «»r»-«-and at this houi, whenvife can have a fullright to withdiaw the Oospelfridndand candid interebange of views upon a (abjectacknowledgement of his error r great body perishing an;and Executiveand the from mlllioDs of thewhich to me is ofLike you, I have foi yeaia been an ardent friend of tbe American Tract Society, have loved its great principle of catholic tmion, have admired its work,conscientiouslyunion, on which every donation and legacy havethat the "word Ood is offidence is shaken and as ;—ampleI havethe national society and give the other organiza-tionmy funds, sympathiesandAs prayers. youIamaitalics and capitals seem mtended to excite mittee are intelligent and conscientious and South agatost the Society, and thus to expel iuavoid deaominationalwhy pecu.Societyonly throughpulpit, and in public meetings, urged thei^ objec-;subjects.Dkacox—Sir the Coinmittee did no such ;have introducedaopower to preach the—Deacon But is it not frequently intimated, andstatementthat the Committee have witiito a few yean care- folly examtoed all books published andSocietyTheir hearts burned with loveof tbe as Societyhave and must explained it,ffict socisty, and humanity, elevatingthe you agreeof wUch the harmony uponbe found in the Annual Beport for 1858, and beginning characterized the Society'a anm'ver-principleConstitution itself is based, and be able to workmay sariesIt speaks of evangelical Christians as Chris-posed of denominations, but individuals ;the author would approveall authorized and estaUithcd usage. Not a small—Deacon But is not the Church boimd to de-Has not a new exigency arisen in which the great body of Evangelical Christians af the South, who once condemned the system of Slave-only to that they were outvoted.in doctrines and morals ?questions theprevent Tract Society from giving hisafter so of pleasant cooperation. manyyearsIts great work isof our Lord Jesus Christ as aeverjlMngis held intelligently by upquestionpolitical pressure,, T!!! %< 'aspect, ihat a distingtiUbad member like Irving for some assurance that we are still in proval of tbe great body of good men, and wUl States, for an imagiijary good to result from a con- American Tract Society at Hew.York in 1825, it"pi^LL-This i»^o^''*fi:^l^,i^ .»e^rf^h«"7v^°^,'^^V wh^lSeTnalyied thetb* aame world into which we were bom we read ;or feeble testimony.handed over to the National institution as one offonndation*^' Fawwfll, happy tS «J«rl»t>wreo^ ! ..a PatTOS^caoiiot say goodlu Uke thine.anand consoled. In his pages wepromiseDEAtiOM Howcan ciety^Is this certain t Has not the other So-works this "mutilated"its tract,DeaOON-How, course whkh sever. doMrovs its nationaland are•ae that ni0 languageobsolete ; thatTnUh and Good and Beauty, the"X^J^j^bhS& tn^-qoletedof the heart never becomes—tilationtof tbe woildL for aeiaaa aa4 inn*withdiaw it.whatever the conaequences«f^°'^ wot* oydeath, happier inaa ableSaen, Ha,.; UN.rewtid assured passage; fortanat*What Mdeath was thetracting the admiration of the world to thy beaati-'!(• liTeB beaii, ItiriSveatiheappfebatieaFatk.to titmUakfr•a theaa, ,. --,„. iaJbaBIhUa-..,«(^'usefulness XPastob—I affirm exactly thatflicting Deacon—for wUch "ma- tbe New-York Oommittea is at this latethen^'^^^S^^^^^^"byon the ci,n be reissued only in editions absolutely entire, cause. An outsidewoebut I haveTHE LATI ABnTBBaABiaS.to diffuse a know Bedeemer ofonce however vuluniioous, England published,collateralgovernedmen andignorant,oUc as that of the principleSocietyat New-York ?tobacco,more than a solitary tract each, taking monyfrom a tract of Leqh Richmond ?—Yes.;aboutSlaverythen affirm that the;ezigancythat wide While a few extremists may evangelizing agencies should betimes do nnaceountabl*the Committee is bat a spedmaB of tbe iiyaaaeepromotefrom milliona of men; itwould attribute to deceased Christian writera a expectthe Committee decide what bomeeharacter,day in fifteen States of the Unte. and is or disingenuoiianesa which coold pen such a oM"°roM a bodyrflts oina eoortitwiacy Twill probably meet thst approval 7aatiafied that h* «tBoa« woika wan the delight of ferent denominations, each of whom will natarally piisoned or driven out of the States needing theof Ood, an not rabject to tbe changes wblcbbtsattheW*«ati«>*ofmen. WebecomeXS, ve" largeWoroester's Witt* shows 1,414 ehaBget ia •» from its ori«ii>*l basis, on whkh it adad as aa la-ofispiingsame phsamua tar fhcte irttt come If U were beeintoht ailaof lost.do»Mident SocietyosublishlDg'trv. and poblidied less, as to fctiasaccess to all theof the Tuious ten millions of our brethren, eight million*CoUaetlon ^show*ingKvangelieal churches, the Geinmittee Is not likely to err; but if it should, and issue a book Bot meet-(0. S.)lAlt chsageshave nacfaed the coaelnriaiithatduty,iaquestion.Everyhow, awoth-eet-ofOBvaaftUealUstntik-tledDorbutscutiva, called into being to meat an? uponcoune that would exclude them fromPastob-Even senribie andgoodicumentare FA^Btot.—That it iswhich It aeema never theyto be useful, and to be widely circulated. The Society was formed to save souls by the oircolation of re-probabletoyear*, « Tolame.errand ofand what shaU be nnb- the qnestion of dnty. The probable, nay, the cer-grave.peaceregion where hatred and strife never and lished?good-willtomen,thon art now in a enter,direct vote the ofleUgiou* paper, or a Chiisdan man, can forSociety, compel its Publishing Committee to do what their conscience forbids.Pastob—my friend, the one aim inwhichopporitionisconcentrated. ThePubllab- CommUteehavenoingof theCommittee,for the sake of afeelviolate its fundamental principle of Christianl"^-^ evideacethatheie- -andDiACOK Is not this strict coastnicUon as tobeen received ; to such violation.partisansarepressingdiscemer of the thoaghts and mtents of the heart;" and when— the limits of thethey have hundreds ofUving, ^powerful, piercmg, dividing, discerning sentence and theexisted oneonconfess I see not how harmonyTheComimRee are censandfor Umsustaining that relationand I shudder in view ofwhatever in their judgment will do good, and of its members throughont tbe coimtfy, is not dis-crueltyin all theirput against these enor-and South,,whatever denunciations theso that Bible contains, theandand Itheirpersistentagitators. Deacon Whycallthempersistentagitaton7on theseDeacon—No, certainly not.\But all do agjte, I— men areDeacon But these membera of theConstitution,dutychangeapoint the author never meant ftomen anns-any preserved spon anyyearof Christ ia "the and needy,raise such antained the Society on this basis for thirty years,;receive the of the body of good satisfied. Some persuade themselves, by theuimplicatedthis was theno example in the conduct of Christ and his Apos- tles to encourage them in such denunciation. In-books. Willyoustateplainlyprinciplespolitician by influencingparties;Branch irresi ^Uble.to tbe Boston Thefbear histee should undertakea fearful list of theworks of theprint theywritersflesh, and declare that those who do such thingsof these vices to thebut theyusefulness. authors, theywas tolerant. Here was a twice-defeated minority, one-fifth or one-tenth of tbe membership present, who peraisted in introducing topics wUchaTestimony against sin is valuable in proportionCommittee atin their ; battoas it carriesmoraland sectional discusaons, when you know it would have almost no moral weight whatever;Pabtok—This it is difficult to explain.pointsor dis- its work, and strive unceasingly;sternly strangelyin this case I thinkyet Jhemsjoritrof thegive it atidingspublish against their views of duty. No truer posi-andspirit in which this subject is often discussed tend ceased author made to convey an idea not his own,tween brethrenSociety'scircula-ty,isCommittee. Be of the truth as it is in Jjesus.andfor a more distinct and unambiguous testimo-—daily conversation, as a citizen by his vote, as awhen made, distinctly announced.Theidea that Pastck—Doubilessexcitcinentthroughouttestimony in any way he sees fitas a manSlaverywas the mainWest,p— Pastob Bydo now East and preciousneaaandcompleteneaB,andthenot. Thein its Oospel, North, South,to the dmdmg asunder of souland spirit, and ofof hisand I mustprincipleSociety You would sacrifice and crush advocate of tbe Boston Society grows grand- with the natiiial Society oa tb« P"R'='P ? ^"' SS^and inevitably speedly silence,"only that, whether it be doctrine or all its laborers. was dona the exetUenl Committee than and in 'braTPastob—Yes, feebly, and ita testimony isitatestimonyShame npon the ignoranceDKAOoa—Does not this same article, after been able to answer. It se«M to ha«a departedthe (niBedltatiiif«ti"VOrt*»iadtyidoal, aet,8koaUiMiBaaf.4IaeMd«a of Hd* subject ascribed t* Prol.ofwhom are KvUtlesaWas this Christian wisdom or blind misgnidanceiacolporteuracalledtoaeconntIPastob—ComposedasHis ofmembaiaofdif- spisedandtrampledunderfa6t,itawitnessssira- charge! Pastor—TbaisaqaestiaBwhichIhaveDerer"In 174 byiana.CooBSCtteat Hyaa-baak Aaws l,ta> chances <a 810D^ctedSlavny,de-South, laboring amongforbid tosucha claim. TbeCommilteedarenotassumesuchaDCACOH Are not the Committee then afraid to offend the South?goodtodoof the slave-driver when he cracked tiis wUp so nimbly ?"Slavery?vSociety,for thetion, could he be consulted. And this accords;;fgr souls, the ex-'littleiafiuencedbynot for me tothe writer of that?That Committee was notshould beso to do it as tofulness of the Society throughout our whole country.they—Dkacon How far has tMs be^n found practica-hasbut if tbewere determined not tothe that cer- opinionthis rule would givedoing visionsmnstbemadecarefullyandwisely,with hasthe"^ ''^'^ "f *"wroogstrongest tesnmony agatost -Slaverrpentsplain whyTAL8 thefound in LiaH and eveaThis aasanlt abnost weekly by ncsiraligioas papen'to tbethem, end wished to hand them down toin reference to thisDeacos—The Poblifhing Committee, actlorchangetrustees accordtog to law that; the popular bodySocietyand should their ?right protectedfree-speech,tbeComes there no end to this unseemly course.;they publish^ 00 that snbj^ 7supportIone deairee it ;->>wmask yon to ex- italics txA sari-unitMng;but'»TM' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^fiiSi&SMB 