 a^rretident, VJke-JPrerfdVst. 0*«r«t«ry41 and Txtimwrer, and an nnd just, they are to utterly ignorant of the eonaWtJea hesitate to say that Gcor^l* deoi&e&y ovppo&l cppealed toonformer occasions to enter into a formal S nth, they will not he punished adequately to their E*centive CbmmKtoe. t#*vmrt«t*f »to« me»< to b« «noj«o by and nece«tdtie8 of the two races which inhabit the tBy^BCEfSH)K H0TEH1KT. U> the '^re^^0^^^^i^X$^m^^"^ compilation with her sister Southern States, with | a oflenVe. ;.•••; - , • \ the awodation, to which all matteYf of importance aball be Southern foction of this Confederacy as to render H,fee United States,V^^thution for {,.tbsy contend that fi _CjrXPOXLGXA*HB TRUTH JS SOUTH CAROLINA, ,OawOnCmtmpimitM.Call and Judge Marvin, and a few others of that stamp of men, would resist such a policy to the end. . .'••'.'.. •'.. U '}•'I leorn that there is no longer any doubt thatall the Southern members and Senators will takeunnatural; and that such a feeling should find expres-sion in those States, in ill-natured allusions to,, and anassumption of contempt for, the venerable old motheref States and statesmen, is not .greatly to be wonderedat./ But that one of her own sons, or any newspaper elionld be explained. She repaired, at the appointed within her borders, should echo such sentiments,, is in- ; hour, to the rendesvons with a cowhide about her pex-all «iKiiido»i« white pewona, aad bring tboui before the Execu- tive Committee for trial. , ,Mtolrrd, That each Ohpt^n ef patrol be required to e»DI out bia company for duty onee » week, or aa often aa he may thinkn*j&f"£T<i. That we pledge oowdvee to pnt down nil negro preachings, j>raye>'meetinfr, and all eongregaJiona of negroea that may be couaidered nnlawfnl by the patrol eompunieB.- Mg has been, sad unquestionably still is, not OBIJ in the City of Charleston, bat throughout South Carolina, it in evident enough that as the tfane approecnes for treating the question aa a practical reality, movement* and discussions b»- gsa to take on the sober east of thought. Still,*a»-h pass to sreeity where to goand when to retnrn. . other nations by denouncing us as barbarians, piratee. society. Virginia is as true as steel to the Union; and ing Gilbert down. The men were both subsequently with a copy of these reaolo«ions, wtiah they mast show to allit is not too much to say that South Carolina whether a liberal or strong government; the means to go oat of the Union regardless of con-, question of expense, and a thousand other ques-organization of the militia system, but recommended firtt two sections: 'X RU.h TO FKOTID1C AV iRMKB JMJMTABT rORflE.SECTION 1. JHe it endcttd by the Xenate and Haute <t/" Reprt**n-m«nt of any naval or niilltary force, Attempt to coerce the .State Their press, pulpit, lecture-room, ano! forum, teem tl an its earlier days,and has been getting smaller by of South (.uK'iina into Hubtuinhl -n to the Administration of a bill ior tie relief of the people and banks of this State. daily and nightly with exhortations to their people totions, which appear to be but little thought of in the tame time it is equally true that no settled South Carolina. Indeed, the little •matter ofsentences, and with the least possible delay. Atpian of action for accomplishing so great an un- money, which, in most human affairs, is recog-.On Monday, Jior. 26, in the Georgia Legislature,; a discucfion occurred touching the banks of the State.nized as of considerable importance, appears to der of her going seems as yet to have been bu give the secessionists here no trouble; rather, Ittlo considered. Thus tar theworkhasbeen theygivetoit littleor nothought. Theysay, to bring the public mind op to the sticking point, the Legislature having provided for a Convention which has not been difficult to accomplish. } The of the people, which is certain to ordain Southsecession sentiment is strong, deep, and pervad- Carolina out of the Union, the Legislature can ieg, and quite usurps the place of that of patri- and will afterward come together and provide otic devotion to the Union which was shown in the ways and means—an idea that would seemdertaking exist*. Indeed, the matter of the orto be wholly inconsistent with that of immediate sentative Secessionist if South Carolina is really secession, since such movements will take a gooddeal of time. Precisely how the Legislature• In earnest in her threats to go out of the Union,and he will at once declare, what is unques- will provide the ways and means, when it shaJHthe early days of the Republic. Ask a repre-;hori i«u, lawi.'orjiovejei^nty of Sunth Carolina, the Governor ia ^iihotJt amendment. The second section was also clccttd by such a people. The judgment of the p' rdotionably true, that she was never moreearnest is anything. Ask him howreins whicJ have been held, only by those, whom longthe purt of the Govewiment of the United Btateii; or any .officertlieieof, 1*0eoUiBiit jricb.sn act, manifested by an unatnai awem-bkge of tavcl.or irilitory force* in or near thia State, or the o«-cvrrem-e of any circumetancea, indicating the probability that to buy our cotton. "We have the cotton crop now on defend ourselves in the Union by the power c >ar armed force if about to be en.ployed against thw State, or in re-doer, no definite idea has been thrown out. Itis wonderful how flippantly these grave matters tion, resisting fi om the deliberation of a highly culti- ]able them to make arrangements to inaugurate a.sys- ttm that will compel England to send her specie hereSecession is to be practically accomplished, anda* will not give you a direct answer, but will are talked of, as though the breaking up of this vstcd mi'd, is.succeeded by the burrieoly penned para-'8'ato Governments, with the aid of tho Federal ov-Union, the forming, of. a Southern Confederacy,proceed to expound the doctrine of Calhoun, graphs <f*n intellect not above mediocrity, and inc:>cri n.ent, with all its immense powers, on whi< >vo> relied for protection, shall hereafter be administe, .i by* theearnechrrsofmeuwhohavebeenguiltyofallt-„--& at ts < f violence and bad faith, it is folly, it is ma<J' j r to hope for tafety in such a Government. To ro in lorger, but adds weight and power to the rm tl at stiikes BS, and takes from us the power of returning the hlows.^ Surveying rhe wide field, in view of the past history, the presentthe providing for its support (when the banks jalle o profound thought, those who read for instruc- •fsomanyothersbyPresidentCooperofColuaa tumbleandtheentire financial systemtrembles tionaidfrom-admiration'willreadnomore. Therebis College—that on entering into the Federal at even the faintest glimpse of the idea), were being »o longer anything in its columns to afford in-bills command specie. It will not seek the Northern markets if they suspend and ours do not.iur.Dclcnymovedtostrikeout1stDecember,1861, That eflgerly expected document, the opening Mes- and insert l*it June, 1261.which was taught him and infused into the mindsGOV. GIST'S ME83AGB.matters easy enough to be whipped into shape is General Government certain definite powers, but the brief space of a few weeks at furthest.sage of Gov. GisJt to the regular session of our General lust ishue of Thr Courier—it medium which gave themcompact, originally,, each State delegated to theEviuircr have withdrawn their support. T/te En- lately an early opportunity of reading Gov; Gist's reserved to itself the residuary mass of powers to PerhapB nothing better illustrates the feeling ojtirir was never read for amusement, and therefore Spe<n-lMcet«ge of tie electoralseetion.Mr. D.Mr. Delony addresfed the House at some length, m-ftftate, may go out of the Uuion whenever she flag for the Stars and Stripes have a meaning 11 en making a specttcle of himtelf, and I « naerelypiry' -BeZirtd, 13i*t the A*»»falton ahaU meet once ^^wery fonr impossible for them to rule it with success or manage itview to retaliatory measures upon the North, if not to A minor reached this city to-day of an uprising of ,oiithji,andollper8onawiihlB«toioia the Awociatiou .hall be withotit, ruin. It would be fts reasonable to expect the Jgwlished by the win;tv-«>;Hns- •JSforth-CaroKne will; lw more conseiVatire AIWTHS"F»0MCHARLESTON, BtiB. ItisbelieivedthatAlabamawill.'bequite.ss likely to follow Georgia as South'.'Carolina..'In. Florida, as I am assured by a gentleman of and dragged into measures by her more precipitate* A yourig man named George Gilbert was cowbided tfie'ih hoviuit full power to decide all eaaea that-may he brought can rule, fan tie lives, liberty and property of tholie Swih -Cudxa Xe^te&ture. before 1 hem, and their decision* *h&n be final aud concloaivo. peorJe of• Mwifripf i he safely intrusted to the keyinghigh judicial position there, bimaclf an uncom- neighbors, whether or no. That the chagrin of South on lirt-ad street, yesterday, by a young lady named Jieiolttd, That tho Preaident appoint a* many Cjiptaina of of that ret-tiom.l majority which must hereafter admin* nfltrol aFho m»y think nece«rary to earry oiittho obWt of thepromising. Union man, there is a prevalent dis- Carolina and of liifisierippi should have been excited Laura Kcwton. Tie man who seems to consider him- Aa«ociation, each company of patrol to eoniittof not le«« th*n ister the Federal Government?the ertabKshinehtof a Southern Confederacy, nidi al- ll:ei negroes in Goochland County, in this State, whichwaysactinginoppositiontosuchappeals,sheisnow wasqu.ellcdandtheringleaderslynched. Tberumor *%t*J?**I,'Jhat'theoffieera^hallhoelcatedeveryfourmnnlh* .lantic-withcra^ynenforei»gincers,astohopeforastesmsb'p to make »sncceiwfnl vova#e across tbe"*3lt- to be given the go-by in the expression of her opinion, lacks coDtirrLation and is not credited. • nfcet monthly, and tranwet. all buaineaa that may be refe«rr*d to prcepercus future for the South under Black Kcpnbli-w»lepoopleoftheC •wwgaeon to ot>ey if. agto by the fact.i of 1 whution. Hi^ory sheO ^ r e r M r of I I o«Io*Xppl oil tMe Crisis position to go with South Carolina, though Gov. by the implied rebuke in the action of Virginia, is- not self a regular lady killer, saw Miss Newton at a ball, *rRwl*id, That tbe patrol companies have tho power-to.arreatI think they cannot, for the following reason*** Tbc-y have exhibited a low •selfishness in seizing all tba Territories, which are the common property of aU tha States. They have deliberately attempted and hava succeeded in educating a generation to hate tbe South, They have sworn to support tbe Federal C o n s t i t u t e , and deliberately pasted laws with tbe palpable intent to violate one of the pLinest provisions o f t h a t com- putt. Thoy have sent lar*e sums, of money to Con-the States each o<-ti: -r[ lt*elf, and the word* <> ftrtic-Ieare as followsr won of nice State*«.)..« teenl of ibis COT«U»TU ing the same. Thus t fa facts of hihtory,.Kho\. - State- and not by UM * and was to be binoin/r it, «sd not over i:.< n w l uh might raJifv au< refndng to ratifyStates could not and di tbeut and tbe smallest —•Rhode Ldond—ui-u own time, bOr sov^r* i of tbe new CooA-o- Hbe supretoacy of th** States was eetablbh<AIn reference to fome of big distinct recommeudutioaa ard Louitiana is to be reguhtted—if so much sOecie is ehooces, and it is no business of the General which cannot be disguised, and which cannot wel/ him, as do his many friends. He is a worthy genUe- we may dif'er, and may find occasion to give our opin- brcughtfrom Engkud, tie riUe of interest will be soGovernment what causes the deeins sufficient or be overestimated, as indicating that already, inwhat order of going seems to her most proper. their hearts, the people of South Carolina are outIf to this you rerpend that the General Govern- of the. Union. On the question whether the morem»:n Iwhere Le got the "Honorable" to his name I ions «B the eeveial measures come up in the course of incieai-ed that cotton will go down-, H tbe time'is ex-ment may take the opposite view of its powersand duties, as well ss of those of the different of South Carolina prevails, depend?, the solution oftciewill tgkin he in session, and the bill now under discussion may be alteied er amendedtjp suit the exi- gencies of the times.Mr. HaWdge stid, upon the wde of the cotton crop depended Mi. pecuniary condition of the country—Nev York l-a^be<fti the commercial center of this country, si dif Kterlirgbills cf Excbanue cannot be soil, the sale, of cotton must stop. For day B not a bale of cottonThat this right does e>ist in tbe sovereign States of this Confederacy in pi inly dedoceable from the history/ ,of »H the political bodies which originated and organ- ized this system of American Governments. Tlie first greatsleading, idea that lien at the base of our whoki r'SHtem is found in that clause of the Declaration of tt dependence which declares:States, and may, and probably will, alopt thethe whole question. That South Carolina is notCarolina is ready to "throw the tea overboard" and take the consequences.In a conversation with a gentleman of the «fe» I have described—esteemed and influential alike for hi* learning, uprightness of personal character, and life-long devotion to the cause ofmoderate secessioniste—or secessionists in a con- 1-im an.exceedingly venerable personnel. His featuresof t i e incidental evils which must attend the great charge in the external relations of the State.Of tbetc and other points of specific recommendation, it is needless to apeak mor« at present. . Of the.general t<ne, temj er and tpirit of the Meseage,.it gives ue great 1lenture to speak with cordial approval and commend-w harv.es cannot buy cotton with Sterling Exchangee, t in inali«'i abh thrhts; that au:onpr the^e are life, liberty, and tad, and have not the specie to buy with. The banksof Sa- pur««ii) of 1 ap) iii« as. That, to itec.ure these rights, governoiciitcvannah will buy these bills of Exchange, if you will pets this till, end the very system to bring* English geld and tilver. which the gentleman from Clarke wit-hes, will be inaugurated—the cotton crop will be told, «nd the country relieved—the banks cannot.make money, during a time of suspension—they willresume, as they did iu '57, upon the earliest moment.Mr. Delony resumed—If the Sa%annah banks are al- lowed to lemain in a state of suspension, we are still. secession—having arrived at this point in con- know.sidering the question, in response to my inquiry "Jhcre is much financial distress among the massTOLITICAL SERENADES.On the evening of Kov. 27, at Columbia, S. C, theHon. Jol n Mc CJueen wa» seienaded.pul Kc mind touching the great question ef seces- . ordinary expense. '* I t now looks," continued sion, remains to be seen.capable of inflicting on the social, financial, and tion where there will be no retreat, but where one political condition of the country, the worst of headlong movement will be inevitable. They countiAppbia>e.} Tl e people are determined to live free or MESSAGE OF GOV. PETTUS OF MISSISSIPPI.modci ate policy of Georgia or the hot determinationdoctrine and action of Jackson, that secession ia as hot as she was, and begins to think more; u.uke u favoiable impression upon the casual obei'rver.revolution, he will respond by declaring that South that well-directed efforts are making by the more 1 i. long, white locks, falling upon his shoulders, give• ' V e i old, h.s- tiutLs to be self-evident, that all men are < ially applied at this juncture to the alleviation of some bos'been sold in your seaboards, slips lying at yo r cr< ai«u ee,u*.l; that th»y are eudowed by their Creator with w.r*tingency—and Union men, not only of Georgia but most of .the other Southern States, to re- strain her from precipitate action, there is no doult; that they who are making the effort are considerably encouraged, I have reason. toare quite regulur, expressive of intelligencev and rosy with the g'ow of good health.. In f(»rm, be issomething above t i e average bight, rather attenuated, yet not at all bowed by the weight of years; and it is a matter of sincere regret that, after hiving lived a comparatively blamelt se life for nearly threescore Winters, he should, in bib £reen: old age, perpetrate the follies which have characterized hit-actions and language during the lastn:fi»iHiirut«'d anions1 naen, deriving tileir ja«t powers from th<swhether, among the consequences referred to, of the people here, especially with a large num- tbrt-fc weeks. No gio.ni importance need ho attached to forcible resistance to Federal authority and laws ,U-r, amounting to Eeveral hundreds, of mechanics hie recent course, however, sis he has never occupiedIn ackricwleading the con.pliment, Mr. McQ^neen under tl e rule of Wtdl-street brokers. He wished to faid that it was his mihiprtune to begin public life-at charge this. Allow the banks to suspend till the pres- tl e very con n.encemtnt of tbe great struggle in rela- ent cotton crop is sold, and no longer. He wished theliktly to exert any marked influence on themarl bankf, fcc, and turned his attention to banks of discount!and dtpoBit, abusing them jroundry. This in- duced n any farmers to abandon T/te Register, and it went down.tbe protection of the people. If #ttr banks do not sus- pend, Carolina banks have, and their money will he used to pu'rehare the cotton crop. Fail to pass this bill, and we put the people in the nand* of usurers. Tney tit mend this bill that the crop may be sold and the busi- ness of the country go ou. ,he, **as though nothing definite, beyond making It will be afcked whether there is not a latent•* preparation,'may be done before the 4th of Union sentiment in South Carolina? If there is,**March, when Lincoln will be inaugurated. it docs not show itself, nor is it acknowledged to caofee him to cease operations against them. On the **Congre?s will not then be in session, and, exist. • Should it make itself manifest, it is not tack^of every n<Ke that came into his possession he**should he call it together, he would be with- at all piobable that it would make the least head pasted a *lip of paper upon which were printed his **e*t a majority; and ne Congress, or President, against the overwhelming secession feeling.- Nor opinions, denouncing the entire banking system as anm Korth or 8bnth, demsnding the use of forcible understanding, is rejected by the leaders who • means under each eircumetsnees; snd we shall speak lor South Carolina. The fact is, she is **be out of the Union, and there will be no dissatisfied with her position in the Union—theernment. '1 hey were known too well. It remainedfor his hearers to fay whether they would have thatadopted. Mr. Brown also offered an amendment, to compel perrons taking advantage of the stay of arrests and executions to give security as in other c.uees ofwhen it somes to be seen that coercion will does theie appear to be the least disposition to•suitetheentireSouth—that,infactallthat listentotheideaofanamicableadjustmentof•• is necessary to saite the South in common the case. The idea of a general Convention of sides, snd was defeated en each occasion. Mr. Ruffin ••resistance is farce—will undertake to employ the States to take the. whole question into con-• coercion. There will be no public ^mfcimeot, sideration, and if possible come to an amicablenadeuphismindtoresistance.EvenWebster,in1850, was forbidden to speak in Fanueil Hall, becausehe was indisposed to do injustice to the South. Thospeaker would not, and never had censured coopera-tionifitsin 1860; but now it was a different state ofthings.; Then there was a lingeriug love for theUnion; now the wrongs which had been heaped uponthe Southern people have destroyed it. Then the South-ern Seaies were not well prepared for a disunion crisis;now they all stand together uke a baud of brothers de-.fir.ElyofDoughertymovedtoamendsothatthe Governor shall, by proclamation, .give notice of the time when the five banks spoken of in thisscction shall suspend. Mr. Price moved to strike out five banks ai:d insert one—amendments adopted. Mr. Strickland moved en amendment to fa< ilitate the di8mi^sal of levies now in the bonds of collecting officers. Mr. Anderson offeied an amendment, which was ttdopted. Mr. Smith, of Towns offered an amendment that the banks shall give bond and security for the redemption, on denuvul,'•*power to bring us back again." old complaints broken out anew—and nothiag Vague and unsatisfactory eves to secessionist* will moke her satisfied. How far she will yield ftemselves as these views must be, they never- to the "inexorable logic" of the Constitution and theless are the most connected, and oome the the laws, interpreted and enforced according to JaoksoE—whether she will submit just as men submit because they cannot do otherwise—and how far she will go before submitting, remain eral Government and of the State** as untenable, to be seen, and form the nut of the whole question. The leaders are animated with the hope that they will be able so to use the general discontent throughout the entire South as to bring about a combined secession movement—in other words, to draw the more moderate men and States into a posi-is tlie only person whom I have seen wearing the " cockade" in this city—a significant fact, as any num- ber of them can readily be obtained. Keat assured he will sway nobody to his opinions'en^the secession qoes- tion. In this regard Virginia is in ttatu quo, and will to remain until after the inauguration «f Lincoln. After that l.er action will depend upon the course which he pursues; f o r i will not deny that he is not liked down here.. Yet I must confess I do not think the gen- eral feeling i» any stronger against him than it would Lave been at tbe North against Breckinridge bad the latter been elected. Both were purely sectional candi- dates; one of them must succeed, and fortune favored Linc<-ln I a«o but little choice between.t'lera so fur us tLe.conciliation of sectional • prejudice and the allay- ing of sectional animosity arc concerned. The Breck- inridge men should not quarrel when the result is exactly that which they desired in order ts " precipi- "tute the cotton States into arcvelonosu" He was never uciniuntcd to be elected.tei niceuno longer to submit to tyranny and oppression.They.ktard, from tbis spot to tlie Rio Grande, deter- in specie, of all their bills or obligations. Amendmentnearest to a plan of any that I have yet beard expressed. And while we must reject utterly their views of the powers and daties -of the gen-mintd to thr<;W off their allegiance to this Govern- lost. Mr. Harris moved to amend the last clause, by ment. The South had been slandered and outraged, im-crting the words "or the regular Mile day thereaf-taunted and insulted from the beginning, and norion- ter." Amendment adopted. Mr. Delony moved an cialle body of men could calmly submit to such troat- additional section—That this bill shall n« t go into op-n;eiit. He bclived that the day would come when the eration till Georgia or some other ooutliern State shallSouth would rise up and say to the North: You have secede from the Union. Withdrawn.your Government; we have ours. [Applauee.] We Mr. Smith of Towns moved. to refer the bills and nave already waited long enough; we will wait no amendment* to the Juduiory Committee, with iustUv-longer. If there any one rri South Carolina willing to tions to report to-morrow morning. Motion l«>st.and while we dismiss the idea of secession prov- ing practicable, or in the remotest sense prob- oble, under the methods proposed, it mu.st be osBfessed that South Carolina alone, snd muoh snore so if backed by other States, is at leastOn tbe passage of the bill there were Yeas 93 and Nays 27, so the bill, as amended, was passed. .Gov. Letcher is greatly embarrassed by the confused election returns. He has been closely engaged for sev- results. She behoves she can and will break up on the employment of force by the Federal Gov- eral days in a vain endeavor to foot np the figures, and the Union. It must be confessed that she may ernment as the very thing that will effect this. declares it to be the most complicated affair of the kind place it in peril, if she has not done so already, Has South Carolina address enough to accom- he ever knew, winsome counties, a large proportion of plish it T If the is right in assuming that the the votes were cast under an entire misappreheusisB, names were sonfounded, &c. In Braxton Caonty,<it*. In aJourney of three thousand miles that the ppH-uker had made through many Southern States, be l*d not met one man who woe not ready to strike the hlow at ence. They say you are ready, and if you t-trike we will poon follow you. [Applause.] Had they not heard it said by the other Southern States that if South Carolina gees now, whether we uuito wiA you or not, yet upon the shedding of the first drop of .juiced we will he with you in such numbers that there •will not be KUI enough in-South Carolina to hold us ?lighted. With giant strides the feoling would spread, mader a general plan of action in which the other what South Carolina desires. To a gentleman The Attorney General is preparing his opinion, at the. and wee to the man?who would retrace a single step—who, I supposed, could answer it, I put the ques- lequvfrt of the Executive, as to the validity of a large v\ oo to that S*/tithern State which should now attemptExKCimvx OrricK, JTACKSON, MM., > November 26,1860. \QmutiMum mj the SenMteattd House of llepr<t*ent<itivrt .•It is with deep regret that I am constrained to forego the usual congratulations for peace, prosperity ^ and bright hopes for the future, which nave formed so marked a feature of Executive coa)municatious to the legibhitivedepartmests of thesovereigu States of thin once happy confederacy. In performance of what I deemed an imperative duty, I have convened you in extraordinary eesrion—to take ^nto consideration theand may work untold mischiefIt is doubtful, however, how far South Carolina first blow aimed at her unites the South, or at;within the XVth Congxees.onnl District, not a votewill be permitted to carry matters by separate least four other States, with her in secession,,then we have a key to her policy ef precipita- wns given for Caldwell, the Bell Kloctor for th«*it Dis-action. The probabilities are every day increas- trict, his name being erased from every ticket upon tbeing that she will have to submit to "cooper- tion, for the sooner she is coerced, the better suprositkn tl:at he was the Republican of the samo**ation," that is, that she wiB be forced te oome for her plans. I am persuaded that collision is uan-.e, a member of the Legislature, from Ohio County. out. The camp-fires of secession, he said, were nowSouthernStates,orthemosteftheuiatleast, tost<mthemightytorrent!ConstitutionalLiberty wiB participate. It teems to be understood that tion—Will your Minute Men and other citizen Kumber of the votes cast. Itisrumoied that the re-misery than any political queetion ot'the age in which thut name majority cosM control the action of the GOT*- we live. On tbe solution of which hongs the destiny, en merit ano prevent the porvor>ion of its powers.**cooperation"will-putanendtosecession,at soldiery, to-morrow,or nextweek, ornext least as proposed by Sesth Carolina. Tbe join- month, march oat to engage in deadly conflict ining of A. 11. Stephens, and other Unionists in defense of the position you. have taken or are Georgia, with Toombs and other disnnionists in about taking! He unhesitatingly replied thatsult, as decided by Gov. Ijotcher, will be: Klcotors had lately slept, but would now thunder forth in a grandwukering.He.concludedbyrecommendiagafor Bell, 9; for Breckinridge, 6. This state of affairs serenade to that institute of.educution which containedforwealorwoe.notonlyofthisgenerationandVth'iH age, but of all the generations which come after us for anindefinitetermofcenturies,theendofwhichno prophet can foretell.The existence or abolition of African Slavery in theSouthern States is now up for final settlement beforeThatConvention,"speakingiirthenameandiubo- hall' of the iK'ople of Viigiunn'' must have intended to decbilethatthejcoploofVirginia,hadarighttoro tune the jxwer whieh th«y had granted to the Fed. oral Government whenever the some, shall be per- verted to their injur/ or oppression, and-used therecommending the call which the 'Legislaturetruo that the forms of a trial have been had before thej ginia and admitti»g the right of tbe people of each ofAfterward unanimously made, of a State Con- the best will be bad enough. It does not look as much like it as it did a week ago, and thevention of the people " to determine on the mode, probabilities are daily growing loss. The hopepeople of the non-»;lavohoIding States. The institutions 0;e States to -Ootiuio the powo'* Rrauied under the•**measure and time of reoUiuuct" which thepreamble recites " the present erisis in pur aa- nessee, and other States propose, and that forceviolation of every • piinci'ple. of the Constitution and of theiriijniyoropprvsHiou. The peonle or Rhixle 14 common teuso, and tried before a court having no juris- and in ue»\ttot oi ratification weie **till more explicit iathey would. But it is not coming to that, thoughthat tribunal which has exclusive jurisdiction—the 1brate, " tbe people « tlie United States," to exproes people of tho Southern States where it exists. It b^ a coable idea, declwiug the right of the people of Vir-lies in the "cooperation" which Georgia, Ten-diction, and a jury ignorant of the law and the facts; ri«H>i vi"g this light, llor Couveuii n declared i:i that4<t£onuJ affairs demands," vt regarded here asssigsiiicant. la the opinion of many the chances means to operate—to this point, even right here; not lKicomp tl e head of any paper with such n namewill be long enough kept off to allow peacefuljtre nearly equal that South Carolina will follow in the very stronghold of secession, I am per- and under such nunpioe«, tliough ho vrns a Uoion man,determined, right or wrong, to be free. Tho die was cast. [Applause.]A VIGILANCE ASSOCIATION.rest satisfied until Slavery is-placed- in such a conditiou i>ets, poeifetjting, and protettting property; and to giutrdCteorgia rather than that Georgia will follow and would stand up t> the principles" annoimoed by suaded that things begin to gravitate; yet a spark StOphona of. Georgia in his late speech. There is noas will lrsure its ultimate extinction, and that all th* power the Southern States now have in the final Hotrfe- ment of this matter,, is to chooee whether it sha^ be athete among others li-om the usurpation or abuses of tho Fedoial Government, they dcolaied "that the powers of the Government may bo reassamed by tho people whensoever it shall botxnuo necosKOry to their>Soath Carolina. Nor ilo fcbe Secessionists here may set everything in a blaze. ' ^ftrguise the apprehension that the Union seuti-x.*ent in Georgia preponderates and in the endyrx% lend' Great weight and power aria conceded THE STATE OP VIRGINIA.ts> jNr, Stephens there. In his recent speech he From Out Own Corroaponefent.peaceable aud gradual abolition or speedy ar*i violent.denbt, however, that an able editor can lie easily pro- These ure tho hard teima ottered to til teen States of thia I.ujpiucw." The'right to be governed ouly .-bycannot imagine), a warm-hearted Southerner, and has retched a time of life when—the fire of youth tem- peied bj the prudence of age—discretion should be with Lim the better part of valor. But it seems that exper | encehasnot added greatly to his stock of discretion. H»» apjearance is very striking, and cannot fail :olegislation.It may be questioned whether some of the topicswhich Gov. Gist would have postponed or deferred, iu consideration of the political critis, are not more wor- thy of instant attention becaut>e.of that crisis. Tt may 1e douhte<l. for im«tance, whether the measure of relief jnd reform and of prOgrefs, in the change of the usury lawp, which has long been demanded by the judgment < f tl e ton uiejcitd community, could not be very beneii-tended to tbe 1st December, by that time the Lej<i«la- of the Northern States, or the Federal Government.was included and contemplated, he unhesitatingly and laboring people, who have been thrown out any very' influential • public'position. A succetuiful tion to the Territories. He wa«* then .afl.tj«>fi<xl that tho tjjle of tterhng exchange to be direct from Charlestonsaid, yes. But, he sdded, the General Government .will not use force; it will have no means to fight as with; not ene thousand troops on this side of She Mississippi; volunteer• it will not be able to get; there is no law for meeting such an extra-of eirployment, for whom, it is said, provision farmer, himself, he was for some years the editor of anwill ba\ e to be made, through some plan of con- agricultural paper called The Farmerg' Register, inwl iob enterprise he was liberally enooaraged, until incerted action. Whether this state of things is an evil hour he coated to write about guano banks,South was not long to have safety in the Union. At that time tl ere were but 81 AbolitionietB in the House cf Representatives, and yet the South was deprived of every foot of California. Five years afterward, beand Savannah, instead of through the New-York banks.. Mr. Anderson said Mr. D.'s theory was impractica-Still, this did not diminish his antipathy to banks norMr. Andrews again addressed the House.swindle. So far as I know he may now entertain the sameview*. Heranthreetimesfor»theofflceof magistrate in that portion of the State in which he re-Government usurped. As for himself, he had long ago stay of execution. Amendments adopted.creates a wide difference of opinion as to who are eun'- tled to the money hot upon the election. Stakeholders aie altogether at iault, and no little amount of quarrel- ling, perhaps fighting, will be the result.A plan is on foot here to publish a daily journal adyocarmg.tbe Uuion sentiment. I know the fact that a prominent politician residing hero, approached a vete- ran editor of this city, n few days ago, with the ques- ti< n, '• would you be willing to take charge of a Union paper?" The r<;j>ly was, that he (the editor) woulda young lady, who. when asked to leave Columbia ou actount.of the small-pox, replied that no lady of South Carolina should retreat from pestilence whou an invading foe was at the door.I h e l loo. J. D. Ashmore, hi response to cheers andcalls, also appeared and BJ>OI<O briefly. AH ho had saidtwo. weeks ago, the day for speech had passod; thetime for action had come. He cajue from tho mountains,wl ci e people were resolved either to die or to succeedin t!mowing off a tyranny worse than death. And sowith the men of the western part of tho State. Thoy and the verukt thus obtained is, that Slavery is sinful act U-t't thero are rights of which they could not do- would come up to tho Convention with hearts resolved and mutt be destroyed. We are told that thi« verdict pv>ve or divert their jxwterity, among"* which they to do or die. The people, of South Carolina had will be executed;that the Northern mind will never fuun.orato the light of pursuing and obtaining happi-cured for it in this city, and that such a journal will shortly make its appearance.The construction and purposes of a Southern Vigi- lance Ansocialion are-made known in the following rescdutione. They were adopted at a meeting held inConledeimy—as if they were conquered aud not co- equal States, as if the superior numbers of the North- em States gave them the Constitutional right to regu-thtir own content, aud to withdraw whenever it is ncH'e+sary for their safety, are parts of the re> served rights of the States. Those who have arrived'When we appeal o Illinois, and Penns% Ui» iHstea, Uiat th*y wt'd & live spirit rollv. ttnd ** Jkbolitionibm Noni). •' acts; we witt .work foi tho remedy ior thesti J> Vaifisi." Shall that ^1y bT the membera «.f the Aaaociation, and they are reouired tobecame enamored of her, threw himself ae often as poteible in the way of herucual perambulations, and finally sent .a letter requesting her to meet him at a cer- tain comer,, where his object in wishing to see herhttelrri Tl.at the patrol companies have tbe power to correct they may deem proper, aa nothing herein justi8ea any patrol {tion,ofcourse,ofSenatorsHammondandChes- shame. Yetsuch-isthecase;thoughitisnotalto- thario,whowaswaitingforher. Afterseveralblows companytoinjureanyperson'sproperty. ><dyfopasslawstoadvancetheirprivateinterest**. nut and Representative Bouham of this State, gether nnconsoling to reflect that erring men and mis- were given by the indignant fair one, her brother-iri- Iitmlttd, That we pledce oorsel»ee to give no general pawa— Tl ey have attempted to degrade us in the estimation oftheir seats in Congress as usual, with the excep- deed a matter for much surprise, and for no little ton, and immediately commenced operations on the Lo- and nunkb all Htaveo, free negroea, mnUttoes. and mestizoes, aa fresfforthe pnrposts of bribing tbe members ofthatCBARUE8TON, 8. C., NoY. 26, 1860.tJj-dverwtf and excited i s the secession feel-: who have unqualifiedly resigned. Even Keitt. chievous opinions exist in all stages and conditions of lfaw came to the scene and finished the fight by knock- Bctolrtd, That «aeh and every captain of patrol be farnUbed and robbers—unfit associates for Christian or civilizedwill go and stay till the 4th of March. It is the plan of the Georgia secessionists to go out of the Union then in a body. They say the time between this and then will be short enough to get up a Southern Confederacy; to decide upon the mode and style of the new Government;as to being dragged into any. movement tending to a dissolution vf these States, those who calculate on any tuch. thing will find that they reckon without their hcfte.' .Among the press of Virginia which have, animad-arretted.-'SOUTH CAROLINA LEGISLA TURE.In the South Carolina Legislature, on Tuesday, the Joint Committee of the Senate and House reported that it. W»B inexpedient to attempt, at this time, the re-persona residing In their neighaorkeoJ, and request their signa- n.en. They have excited our slaves to insurrection, tsres. ,,.\. '• advised them to burn our property, murder our people,Kt—lvtd, That ^a«k captain of patrol be required to make a re- and 1 nve fnrnithed them with arms and ammunition to> tain to the President monthly, and report all persons who refuse aid them in their bloody work. They have murderedare furnished money and arms for the invasion of a the members nretent. Slaveholding State, and wl. en tbe punishment awardedL Commiteionens in renponee to appeals^|ror a Sguthern the pnecage of a bill, of which the following are the Rttolved, That the o05cera do dety eqnal to any of the mem* to tieason and murder by all civilized notions orertoolcverted upon the refusal of the XeKislaJure to appoint ;any rrsular wie«-Unr by a majority ef two-third* of the votei ofConference, and which sffirm that Vijr^ma^wlll bedragged into measnrcs, is The Richmond Enquireryformerly a journal of great respectability and influence.bera. ;, ';_ ...GEORGIA LEGISLATURE.the invaders, they threatened the dastardly revengeo*' midnight incecdfaiies, tolled bells in honor of traitor* trd murderers, and rewarded the family of the chte traitor as never was rewarded that of any soldior who>latirtt, Kt* mtt mud fitting in (itntral Attembly, and by theits circulation as we3 as its influence, is now far lees tie Unitfd S'Btef, or rny offc«r thereof, nhalt, by the einp'oy- of the Journal of Saturday as relates to engrossing the example of heroic devotion to a just and gloriousoaase*Fortunately for the Democratic party and for the State, avthurity of th* tune, Tl. at, in caw the General Government of Mr. Ely, of Dougherty, moved to reconsider so much fell in defense of the country, and held him up as daIs'ortheni and nectional 1 n «iih nt, who has been lately elected, Mr. Hart ridge said he oppoced the motion. If any-degreesandIveautifillylesseversincethedeathofits tin'toan-AntiSlaverymnjorityinthiaRepublicanConfederation thingistobedoneitmustbedoneatonce,ortho-ruin Srcifforwardthiswaronourinstitutionseventotheglorious old founder and editor, Thomas Ritchie, esq. of States, known aa the Linittid 8<af«a, and •'ho have proclaimedIt WHSexclurivelj a political paper until the hmt two' an intended warfaie againVf, and the dentroction of, the political which this bill isintended to prevent will speedily en- rctie. In view of all this long catalogue of insults andrqvality and indnatml intftitntiona of the ^lave or Southern sue. The motion was withdrawn; ; "or three years, eiree which time a few items of local; Staiea.inclntive of South Carolina, end of the rights and priv- On motion of Mr. Price, the regular order was sus- injuries; in view of the fact that this hostile seeTUjaiUpea of the re'peetive people thereof, whether recognized under pended, and the bill for the relief of the banks and must continue to in<rcfiee in power, I feel I am vUr-and'State news lave appeared in its columns. Poli- the f onetituiivP of the Ui.iied Stat•«, or derived therefrom, or tics is at best a fry subject to a large" majority of read- • lecervtd to the acveral Slates or tLrir people; o?, in cane of the receciion of the JMate of Sooth Carolina from the United State*,viewed by me> entirely great, thoughtful people, de- mtnt; or, in d i e of any aimed or forcible re«i<tance to the an- taken up by sections. The first section, was adopted our children after u-, ought not be to intrusted to r lersHe had an «r*.; but when discussed by master minds, when ro and an:attempted obstruction thfirto by the Federal Govern- amendment to offer. Motion prevailed. The bill wascircus of obtaining a right knowledge of things, take the trouble u read, and find a reward for their pains. But when nere surmise takes the place of a propheticl e n b y autboiizcd aud fn.powered to re^i-t the »ame: and, in'older to render Mich ret>i>tance effectnal, he Is hereby authorized adopted, without amendment. The third section was and empowered to order iMo servke the whole milrary foree ofthe St.Me. or no ranch. Hereof aa he may, from, time to time,ivtm neceaeary and proj er. ' ' . :of all the Southern States bears me out in this co [a- rion, for the candidate recently elected to tbe }' d- dency gets not one electoral vote in all the fifteen Kvtve Sit-tts. While our Northern o-sailants had onh thocome to have the matter in hand, if it ever feie+igbt; when youth and indiscretion assume the tim-.i. iii »uv«- of any o\ert act of coercion, or an intention on to suspend for a few months—just long enough to en-power of the press, nobs, and State Governmen to aid them in these nggreeriens, it was the opini- of n.aiiy of our wisest and best men that we might iJOtexperience'renders sage; when elegance ef composi-tifatii.g that irix months would be time enough to iu-bo exercised by its own separate government; that prevalent among all classes than the flags and Ja/now very little' attraction for any class of readers. A more careful perueal of the regular Annual Mes- auguiate a eyetem by which specie would come from attitude and future probabilities of this great que:-:ioiKthe General Government is not made the finaljudge of the' powers delegated to it; but that each mottoes, such as "Immediate Separation ourItiB a ead tJ ing to tee a gCK>d name fall into disregard. tage then w e were enabled to giveiu advance of its Euro) e to move the crop, and a system of direct tradeI ete hut one path of horror and safety for Mississippi. Let. 1 er say to the El ck Republican States as Abrahura, s:idtoLot: "Let tleie benostrife.Ipraythee,be* tween n.e and thee, and between my berdmen nnd thy herdmen, for wo be brethren. Separate thyself I pray ti cef om ne, ifthon wilt take the left hand then I wiu. po to the right; if thou depart to the right hand then £ y ill go to the left." Tl at Mississippi may bo enabled to H] e;.k on tl is great subject in her sovereign capacity I recommend that a Convention be called to meet atan early day. The State thus assembled will have a right to decide for itt-elf the mode and measure of re? dref s for all violations of the rights of her citizens o< of the State cither by the Northern States, the peophsState has the right to judge for itself, as well«f the infraction,as the mode and measure of re- " Cotton I"R.King," •*-Free Trade and Southerniuioigtbe individuals who have, since the 6th ofJovemler, prominently figured in defining the positionit will ne«:t with genernj approval and acceptance Mr. Andrews of "Wilkes said the banks were able to thn rphout the State, and with many throughout the neet their liabilitiet—this hill waseought for the reliefdress. This, and much more of the same sort, fee will amplify snd expound at length, euding in the conclusion that South Carolina, or any otherIluffin of this State, who has just returned fi-om his "Rights,"' & c , &c. The mighty parades of eeii-impoeed mission of encouragement to the CHroliui- "Minuto Men." and other military organizations, ' uus and-Georgiuns, and about whom so much has been and the universal substitution of the Palmetto w,id in the newspapers of that section. Mr. Ruffln hasbanners that everywhere greet the eye, bearingj'n-fentaiion to our readers, induces us to believe that t e inargurated. ."State action, "The South must rule the South," ;nd the duties of Virginia, is the Hon. (!) "EdipundSoctlu V.':-";Ibe topics diecupped are important, and the Gov-ernor's recommendations distinct and pertinent. He Irakis ro aim at line writing, or at sentimental ai>- j esK hut cddiestes himself frankly and earnestly to the duties before 1 ini and before the General As embly.of the people—the banks did not dare to put money out to buy cotlov, let alone bread. The credit of the banks was such, that he people ought to have confidem e in them—it was tbe inteieet of the hanks to resume specie payments, and they would do so at the arliett possible moment.- It is now too late to inaugurate a system of banking, by which the quantity of specie in Mississippiation.'. '• •n.i HI btcn^s d»»tn:cm-« to these ends, it is tbe right of the p*-< pie to alb r or abolish it and to institute a new Gov«maient, laying its fonndaiionon such piinciplns, and organizing its power* iu sooh to n , •« t<> tbrm shall seem most likely to effect tUetC safetyandhappinc«."If it short Sentence contains the parent principle of oui-ryttcui oi Government, both State and Federal, and any j arty which attempts to ignore £t in the ad- ' ninistia h-j of these Government*, most prepare tox meet the fpiiit of '76. Separate and independent com- muniiieh with Govcn;meiitf-deriving their powers from. the content of the governed, tbe colonies commenced' the warof the devolution. Separate and iudependeud ion nunitics ti ey declared themselves sovereiarn ondtc indopei dent States, and entered a» such into articles of' coifeceiaiiou. In the treaty of peace with Great Britain ti ey were acknowledged to be sovereigu audn the States, coneeque..to d« dnly.Utiolrcd, That we wfll prohibit all peddlera from pen».lnjthroPRh onr. M c'lon of the dlatxiet, aniens they be legally anthor- ited to do se by Jaw.Southern men ia the lawful pursuit of their' fugitive slaves, and failed to puninh their citizens for these fla-elawwjol lowx:the sixtha tKnotted, That any of the above reaeretione may be changed at frant violations cf the laws of God and man- They*"ITdaCoestitotion, iid stall be ma<i« in persu^E •avhiehthaU be n>aA« -;.* al»M be tU Mjjri-u.s ;•.•*< fiateahaUoebotuid to l»»aofanyStatetotb* '**Tlib chanse assert" tion, laws and treata * i •the Coustitution, LUJ, so long as they reu.u. wsa net intended to too Sttte to roMome ihir wi and to cease to be bw KUQlion, the laws *.a- cupireme law of tbo La Ties of tbo States r^-as not the Territory of a from it. Tho Stater -;L fititetion surrender ti * i watched over tbroifsh *JXthus seems to n.« *raed only by their o m t h o Government for birth-iight of the Stute ns,,n,ever loting idghl And we must guard i jnore imminent peril; u crowed the DelawuVy. fact that Mr. Liuc-d'a four years; that, wrve ening cirenmstanc/n v ment. But when it u been going on bet-v. «*Coufederacy for foriv doasinaiion, for the'I SouthernStates2tfei Ibe Confederacy, ot-ki-if the Constitution and (j that dominant, bottii numbers sufficient to ascendant, and add ti e Tm-nt to its means ot this as the great dange ties in the South to bui i'./r defense. Our deli 5rxmy opinion, is to be^the States to withdra which was retained mtnt for just such an c the reserved rights of can liberty—-the great tho Southern Slates principls must periah Then go down into Judea, it is the mein».-< < «l<of American po lilies be told you,' that *•;< i*rince of Peace ai:d como out of Egypt i patriots and sag-,*-, ot among men, under ttie •Government deiisirOf the governed. .That the State of ,] Southern sister State*-1 mon danger, I recoicnj pointed to tirit such iegislatures or call Con tion the threatening a and the Northern secUoi inaugurated at Washicfdrmed that Mistissipi i that Administration, au- thentic form what are ti jpremises.I recommend that :in volunteer company, oi i sonsble expenstsati-jiit pointed for exercise ai urms and equipment--. &, their time and unde gBCIves as sokiera to dett •not be required to exp means. I recommend t for the State of MiN-i-^i condition of our polui i» derangetuent of moneu the cotmtrv, and to pre property of the people < a n a c t b « p a s s e d s t a y mf collection of debts bv e: the next regular tee*! ^rAs it is more than \>n of the border Statee tna in the Cottou State*. I act prohibiting the in State unless their owu< citiaens, aud prohibit iu Bale by all persons w atPermit me, in.cooclt danger to the State wl iiomes,andtoexhortto. %y the fatal bait of tet eubndt to great, tiifirn dread of others which we falter now, we and in luture years of blo<)d trieve the fidlen fortuu< Tansuccetsful, must h.av with Black Kepubli,-. ,n to become a ce^8p^xd ofCan we he»riute, w executed, muken pov*/ •united effort makes «viii our fkihers put.it iu th-SPEECH OF THE -The following remar: James Guthrie, ut a mt26th Of November: FKLLOW-CITIZL.N>:lake into consideration country, North and Sou the bittory of America,. panic thai'is'striivinv do and depriving the btbor*! tion of the character of this meeting sboujd w<i w e h a v e m e t t o GUJCH***The election of a coc party of one section of' grievance ol which We orgaBizotiou of a Recti fuendly to theim'tilrtti-. But what isthe.ele«,Hu>r tin antagonistic Senaie i lie cannot appr>int aa < •ne, nor receive au a,sp cert througln the other,Should tee *leotion oi the progress of n coimu progrei*« is withc^it n p« election of a sin>.'l«- jaiui Yoice," Everything.. JIsaywehaveaio* our duty. But we'bav« to ourselves aiid to out? * thesamesentimenus•ua olutionarv sires.We ha've aistrong Statee**-an array of **m e utly fought our I:h with us.While we denounce tlthe South nothiug to bta tbo. causes of this impea presented an lonbroken: ho tiie eueuies T Ha * people to railv to the si We have much to fear i if we are united. Her. a middle State,witl* th and tbe South upon the out of the Union, an.i * antagonism with either *io\ee with those whosoiown, but wc will not o lina while she is safe •*people of this State was taken up.Mr. Ely moved to commit thevoilLrunted in saying that- the Northern people have f >r- feitid the confidence of the people of Mississippi, ;.<«i that the livee^ liberty, and property of ourselves, ;uidMr. Delony was in favor of the suspension, but thought the time was too long—let us allow the bauksMittanceof its'lawa, tbe Governor be, and he in hereby, author- hand, and do we intend to allow it to go out of ourized to eall into the acrviee of thia State, from time to time, auok bands without getting for it'a good circulating medi'im 1poition of the militia w may be required to meet the emergency. Western produce will seek our markets if our bank a-large majority'have decreed that tbe Federal ,y-FromTheCharUttonCourier,Nov.2Q.stiut'ton or excite admiration, a large portion of the»tcrlhg and dignified men who were patrons of Tie Astemlly, has been placea before our readers in the Mr. Piice, in a few remark*, opposed the motion ofble,, and if carried out would involve tbe country iu\\ iu ested a store which revived his forebodiugs, ia commercial ruin. . This bill is absolutely necessary for indetendt nt^States. Thee -overeisai States assembled'tbe t let tion to the Speakership of a inan who had re-fuK-d, in his presence, to answer whether he consid-ered the African or the Anglo-Saxon the superior race,and whose party hod published to the world that theywoiild reduce u* to a level with the slaves we own,and had declared that the Government should not anamuet'not he compofed^ of) half Slave and half FreeStates. And the Abolitionists have elevated such aman as this to the highest office in the gift of the Ameri-can people! It was not for the speaker to tell by what shall te imprisoned under "ca sa;'* amendment means tney (the Abolitionists) meant to usurp the Gov-n C»?n\enticn. at PL.ih.delpbin on terms of perfect: equali )', to reorganize their confederation, to forma n orepeiiect.L'iiion of eovcioigu States; and when ia • t at Convehiioij it was proposed to give to the lu-ger States the power to govern the smaller, without their consent, by givingthera representation in botli branches of the 1tdeial t ongress in proportion_^to their popula-; tior—the necessity ol tlniou growing put of the thea feebleii.ess of the Statet;—the confidei.ee engendered by, Feven years brotherhood in* arms, and the presence of Waslii-gton hinself would not have saved the Con- vention from cb-ruption if the larger States bad not; ackcow lecged this great and vital principle ia the con-: icceration, by giving the smaller States perfect; equalityiiithatmostimportantbranchoftheFed- eral Congress which has the treaty making power,' aid tie power to negative alike the appoint- ments of the President and the enactments of the Home of . Kepreteiitalivee. Again, when, in that Convouthn it was proposed to give U>. the hedeifcl Goverbuent the power to "call forth the, force of tl e Union agaiitrt any member of the Confede-, racy fail r.g to do its duty under the articles thereof j" n.euof all parties fp'mng to their feet and deuouueed it; an yiolatiye oi the rights of the States and dangerous to> the liberties of tl e people, and voted it down uuaai-> moutly. If any,puny shi.ll be found reckless enough,1 U attemj t to asurpj this power for the Federal Qov- enmtnt, thus potitively denied to it by Uio Convea> tion, nun of till parties will spring to their feet and; again vindicate the lights of the States and the liberty oi the people. 'When this Constitution was finally agreed TOin the Convention of Philadelphia, it was' sulniit-tO to the several States, and each State for itself, iind by itself, ratified it. Nor was it ordained and established between tbe people of any State and thc+e'oi the other Stat cf, except by the separate and t-ovtieign act of that State, Tne Convention of New*\ o i k d»sibiitd iu their act of ratification that the pow- eis oi the Government may be reussumed by the people whentoeVer it thall become necessny to their nappi** refes. What-people is heie mount T The ]*oople of NewA'ork! lor that Convention could speak for no other. The Convention of tho State of Virginia, ia her uet of i ati beat ion in tho name aiid behalf of the peopbf ol Yirginhi, do* htrcd that " the powers «ranted «nder trie Com titutiou being derived iiom the people of tho United Stateo. n»tty be reeumed by them whensoever the same shidl be perverted to their injury or op* preteiou." Who, was it feared, might pervertthteo granted powers to the injury and op* prcsticn of the people ot ViigiuiaT The ma- jority of tke States, by their votes in ttio Con* giet-e, uud in the election of the President. Could Vir- tinia u.etn Utat onlv a majority'of tho ''peoplovof thcae United States" bad right to resuiae the powers giauted under the Couttitution ? Tiu'a con-jtructiodi.submit! 1 [Voice. " «9 ! " "Wo"!" arid applause.] Tuerewas not a man in South Carolina that was not ready toetiike the blow at once. There was no question aboutthe right of pccewion, and South Carolina meant to ex-ercise that right, if need be, solitary and alone. He the motion—it requires a two-third vote to transmithad but OLew<xd to say in oonclmion. In three short weeks, according to bis humble indgment, the Sover- eignty of South Carolina will be again established.forthwith. There werej Yeas 88,Nays 28. So that the motion to transmit prevailed[Great applaute.]The Hon. John Bilboa of Tennessee was ucxt calledgravctt aid most solemn question that ever engagedtlie attention of any legislative body on this continent—one involving more human happiness or human would make thiir dechirutiop idle and. sensteloDS, foe'I h c -4th section was read, and Mr. Brown of Sumter moved to amend it so that it may read that no peroonTl e motion to transmit forthwith to the Senate ex- cited son e d«bate. The Ytos and Nays were called onof tbe South have been dragged before that tribunal in Constinition whenever the same shall bo perverted toLeMiigtt n Diftrict. S. C, on tho 24th of November:The United HtutfH Court baa decided to postpone the nlu*Jird. lhat «-v«, <i>*. ,..;<!<.i aifui&t, do form ourvelveN into nn late the domestic affairs of the Southern States without ut a different com ltui-n t^oem to have ignored the his-UICHMO.VD, Nov. 29, 1860. • (rial pf the captain and crew of tho bngantlne nx-ociotioi), to be.knowa UH the Fork Vigilant Aaaot-.iatlon, for tho cousultiiipMhcir wishes, nnd against their cousout.Sloim King, charged with being engaged in the Blavo- purpohe oi protecting our homes, families, andproporty, and fori he uti.eiul welfare or the connnuiiiiy; mid we pledge onraelvoa Submi.-ricii to such a ruhrestablishes a despotism un-tory ol tho action of the States, and gone to the words of the Constitution to seek tliero the reserved righto of the States; aud when they uud in the proambw of that instrument the wordi»t J{>Vo, tl»©,vpoople Mdecla**^i ojoequivocalJy for the Union, and for the sett/em*v«fc of difficulties in the Union, rather thanattempting » rewodj by going oat. I do not the decision of the secession cfQe«tioiu Having beyn j JB that, owiEy to the ^r^scul tuw pt kiUs^ iu thoIt in raid that.Virginia will not be consulted by tireCotton States—South Carolina in the lead—relatire to taaflic on the couot of Africa. The general supposition to »u»tuiu euch other in carrying out tho object* of tJda k*aocJu- per which the dearest rights of the Southern States aretion. -J.wyk,4 Xhsi tk; oHicwo af *Mi weodstiga ekMl conabt of awants and hostile to their rights, IUntitled Documentheld at the suite) auto of a people ignorant of theirH ihey wore honestrcccl ing of Southern fields with the blood of her citi-einn in'. But when, in a recent Presidential elr :>n^coiist'ut of the governed lhat, whenever any fortm of Oov»?ni- •TTl-,^«r-,«, -.A«vfW55»y./n1Atoby the States, the 7Toicc with Uie larger. ciajKe in it, and that UU Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 