 »*»•»! * •frattcostsato. M aba military imiamttd up Broadway the sidewaas were thronged, and the balconies of the hotels, and Ihe door stoopsand wadowa ofprivatedweilmgspro- Tided thousands of nailing faces to get a glimpse of the aaatjtaa soldiers of the West.laa doors of tat Academy of Music, in Fourteenthstreet,wen opened at seveno'clock P.at,aad at8*1hoar then w e n over one utoaaad persons waiting to get admission.nab fa* admittance took pace, and .children w o n crowded together to such aa -float a* to prove serious to crinoline, "coal scuttle" hats and fancy draatoaaa. For upwards of one hour a perfect tide of humanity poured into the Academy, aad the democratic rule of •fintoome, first served" was strictly observed, as no seats were secured before the doors opened. At a quarter before eight o'clock, the coup d'teU of the in- terior of the Academy wat very grand. The audience wat oomposed of the very eba of the beautyof New York. The intense beat experienced day appeared to b a n a a tthe evening; consequently. 'wen brought into requisition bycontinual and combined oscillation a novel sight, but created aa which swept through the iaaaea demy We doubt not bat everysiea w a s present, besides tThewaybetweenthedJerentIndiantribalonTan-eo«Ter*B Island progrcaw with saahatod fury, and tie jammed, until thereand the Braes will immediately proceed to North Moore street oa beard the steamer Satellite. Their quarters, during their sojoura ha oar city, will be tat Lafarge Beat*. The City Board, Captain Man-field Lovell, will receive them hi their fall uniform—white coat, blue pants and bear skin caps.ItatobehopedBateverymemberwhoetabeoathe ground will be preeatt to g i n this corps a welcome com- with their standing as military tarn tad genOn Saturday the City Guard escort them to Randall'* • and also to Ward'* aad Blackwell's Islands. While will partake of a collation, prepared for them Afterwards they will pro- ceed to the residence of B. M. Whitlock, Esq., Harlem,ahere they will undoubtedly be entertained by that gen- tleman m princely atom.Reynolds, s. s . . Whiting,3b... XaVuflsfiliy 2 D . . I . A^UnTesVUj A* it • • • m B r a i n a r d , r . f . . Creighton, p . . .Ftanley, c. t . . . Leggett, c.....Total run*...Excelsior Atlantic,Cansx—Mr. Barn, ofScoBaM—Excelsior, 8. Moon.Onto P. O'Brien, Lf... 4 *•• IWI- r . f.. 4 R.Pierce,s.t....% M.OBrien,3b... 4 !• • Price,p..» 8 C. J . S m i t h , c . . . 1 Jos. Oliver,c. f... 2 Jno. Oliver, 2b... 3 F. Scinaoth, l b . . 4•#*«•••*••3d. 4i*. Uk. CO. 7JA- 8iA. wA. 6 3 1 0 6 3 1 100021•Gregory; Atlantic, 6 . W .Bin»Associate Alumni of the Free Academy waa hdd at the Academy, on Wednesday evening, for the transaction of business aad the election of officers for the ensuing year. Hr. Alfred George Compton, of the class of '63, n «m lthe next day far the regulars, near Pyramid take. Tt*y will act as escort to the trams at sopply for Can*. " tarce.snd aa acoaa. Mr. Carta it second in athecompany,whichamailaoantod,aad ofgreatbenefittotheaaaaataiofCaptain and totnecoontry. Carta a aa exoaiant cmcer, for h a captain. Laa. Nightingal*. he ia a, man of yon may with truth aay, babes*, heart aad hand, anaarkda The expi waintn put in On the ltth,trem rmaatat,reportedthatantaataahadkeen teen atthemer. who held an inquest, at which it wat made evident mirable precision which marked the commencement. In that the occurrence was accidental. loading by motion every movement was done aa if byForxr Daowxab—Early Tuesday morning the body of one man. Thecommandto"groundarms"waathengiven,theand 7. Their name* a n aa follows —Henry Thompson,George Mairnaim, alias Caratian Beckatein, Albert Shra-der,John Max, Charles Miller aad John Roam. Theymanagedtoreachnearlythecentreoftheguardhousesbefore their purpose waa even suspected, thus showingthat the plan was preconcerted. The way in which theyfirst started waa a* follows —Two of the convicts left thegang boldly and walked toward* the hospital, as if theywere going for some articles which they required; ano-ther started with a pail for water, and the first chosen President, and Mr. James Godwin, of the oka* thing the guards knew no less than half a dozen hadadditional failures had taken place.The New Zealand newa a anaatafoetoryO TheresignsoftheinsurrectiontherespreadingTHB LATEST NEWS. IT maGaara to CAtwai. FRANCS.Pjaa, July 11, iggf. The MoMUur announces that the Legaiatif station w21be prorogued till the 21st of Jury. AUSTRIA.VaaaA, JaJyU,lfl4B Austrian government intoada to11r, •"*5MORNING IDmON-FRIDAT, JUJ,Y 20, I860,vv *a>^^««aaNEW! FROM•MLp*e,of i| a#B JtWoTHE PACIFIC. •mitea •/ a Sanaa' —Van Basaria*'.PVijsrlf r i la the spotaa earn* from the leasee. aeejM^he. «where teey**aaaother arranaaaunta equally agreeable will b e made aad carried out for their entertainment.» T at Brae* eumber 212 regular members, though bated had been appropriated, and number* were unwillingly obliged to leave or content themselves with an occasional glimpse over their neighbor'* shoulder. The verandah a front of the Excelsior s dab room was filled with ladies, and their pretence in other parts of the ground attested their interest in the manly game. When the gaato com menced the scene was one of unusual interest.way the eye waa turned it encountered human faces—> %#•>toThefollowtagparticularsofaaaflkirofhonor-between partes resident at Bat Juan, S m a aounty, whidt hat ii—iliiaiit B a a a a a a t U ik daring the weak, a takestaataa of laa Santa MB*, aat 1. Bitty**, aaf the oocopeay. The difitoafty originated U Waahoo. aaweara that while the company waaaacureeoraje.Waft a eharjo ef the*8UDa», a n T f a f t t ^ herille.Tat race was intended to decide a point of diffawnce raisedupontheoxasion oftheregattaoathe4thJohn P . win,abroker,what*ajtatjefHinttai— a atN'o.lfiWaUa pajaaat to a tjjnlhaaan, eaThe first view of the Zouaves as they came on the stag*, with their characteristically unique uniform, pre seatedacomicalappearance. Attiredinthecomplete Zouave drees, with thejaunty scarlet cap, the blue jacket aad loose trowaara, A to Taroo, toe aaatonse an nonet imagined for the moment that the veritable Zouaves d'Alhqne, fresh from the bloody work ef Soiierino, stood before them. Nor it ita costume the only feature ef re- semblance between that corps aad t h e original, b a t t h e •toady cadence of their step and prompt and united move-shrill, prompt aad datinct order* of Capt Btoworth tt command, "fnai," wheo tat opposite the stack of muskets. The"companywenthenexercised intheaaaaaiofarms, vis—Shoulder arms, trail arms, anooJaar arms, charge bayonet, shoulder arms, unfix bayonet, anonMer arms; right shoulder shift arms, shoulder arm*; aft aaoakterH. Becket,W. B J. Baker, T. F. Butler, CC Catty,J. D. Cercopuly, £• O0*sn*aaaJas. Carmody, T. J. Carmody,a t Othea,J. tt Davis, H. L. Dava, J.BDepp*h. O. Daovergne, 3.B Dava,H.T. Day,J. 6. Dent,CB. Dixton,J. H. FarreJ, Jno. Foley, H.C Freeman. D. Ferguson, W.H.Grady, W. Bwugel, H.P.Gage,F. BGonkfiag, J Glntiney,F. Harmon,J. Harris.i. H. Haywood, B W . 'Tha Attemptedenterpriswg German m, the ubiquitous "agar'' apple* and piesas a mostexcellent thing by carrying", while boy* with peanuts, ration to contider theday ious one for them. In-kgfanJ a ~It to saute the anbir aoosrdt the ''code. ' John Wohbar tadvauar.of Jane M, says thatton the priaeipaa, with theirshift arms, shoulder arms,attention; (from pcaition of so arms; left do.; support an right shoulder shift arm* lcaadsvolaatoen ttiAir cnAenhisBas cf ttaior uan. J. V. aavsa. aahawaaaiMiiftt. aaenty tad wear a the recent Waahoo war- The Tuna quotes from a letter received from J. T. Carta, of taw a t y —The new company of Thagiir*. under ttaiannd of Cajm.inn. Mkphtlatls, ware encamped oaBarrow, at the time of the Ninth ward fire oa Monda arternooe.byacarrage driven b y John McElroe. Sh was c«nveyed to the Ninth precinct sunon house, wher it was ascertained that her neck had been dislocated b the accident. McHroe was token into custody by officetimes; handle cartridge; tear cartridge (the cartridge a torn, not bit); charge cartridge: draw rammer ram car- tridge; return rammer: shoulder arms: ready; aim; re- cover arms: right oblique aim; recover arms: left oblique aim; shoulder arms: ready; aim: fire; as rear rank fire.KJXPXB ThnnATBKBB, BTC*About a quarter after four o'clock on Wednesday afterneon, six convicts, who w e n working with several others in the marble quarry belonging to the prison, attempted' ( T T - i• r « " W•—»!»»«1- m.r»II«IJI w wi^jppnaawtl——^^MBtawaltaatatty i of JBwmerto, a ttttk then ititle by tbe» a^erythtoga.a a t t h a•600toll,000per too. Ofthoi toad*raaextantof• milecri"that they arCn,tod States (dease Day hare l a their i fhs aililsrj riaspsw* l"Batwatt, a eity,todrfflaa the a'Scott and Hardee.tW'.**«fflrdrtl»' v i a b« baft to thet a t r n ited Statea Zouave Cadets o f Chicago•chool boy "togera." PAIX J. SEMMBS, C Such a result wtats entirely nratnrlattH, ft bemg theMy address a Pan! J. Semmes, Coiaatbas, Ga.Capt Elaworth, i a bohatf o f h acept the challenge, end mee•o desire, a t a a y point aaaaai a n the Zouaves returnhome; aad if the Cataabos Guard are decided to be the repuatioB of the Excettwr and Atlantic, there was ex ctampione, after a fair trial of skill, the Zouave* willagree to aay all travelling expenses their victors mayTatsady eascnption o(OnMonday the City Guard will dine their gueats at theMrtrspolitsu Hotel, and on future days, undoubtedly, position from which a vtownf the ground could be obtain-I thad beea reported.The acquiescence of all the Power* ia theConference wag considered certain, and it will be held a Paris, during tha month of October. The Fowen will bo represented by their AmDatandors.Nothing farther wasknown aatoGartbaldi'tawn- menu against Messina.There were reports of fighting near naBanh, but Bay baked confirmation.Tqe proclamation of a new constitution oarred with indifference at Kapha.'TheRoyah-t forest for the defence of.' computed at 20,000 mat.The Sicilian Imhaaador to France bad rcacbul TarimThe Papal government had released tha paUtwal pri- soners in the Romagna.Erance had notified the Turkish government of her a - tention jointly with other Power* to step the i theChrittanataSyria.The Bombay mail ef Jeae 7 had reached England. Lord ElginandBaronGrosbadqaittedGau'eforChina.Ninety boxn of rpeca from the meet of the]had been recovered.The Bombay markets were stagnant. Freight*lower.At Calcutta frdgbta were unchanged.The Melbourne mail of the 17th of May bad arrived.tMananMaBJ r * ^tbeniatbefeJLTbeludaas hadceasedtobot'aittd aatn nk&en art peeted the beetia tribra have gone to Ore mcuataias.The steamer Panama, which arrive* aa tat «th, brought Oregon dawe to the » t b of June, aad Cehatba to the 23d cf June. The Oregon aewa is uninteretting. Bere at the•temporary qaar-of the Twelfth regiment, a0/ Captains Boyle aad Burr, and) did not play with their of their dab did aat de- Price, ia the ooune of the game, chanpi from pitcher to abort, and at theis concededthat t h edecBooatisa elected, aad that such wei * • a • .w^^wej wannem woMana anaajtatas reader* eertam the defeat of General Lace a n a • a h a for Up raited States Senate.The democratic papers, however, chum thatnorepub- Ucan can be elected to the Senate, and intimate that the LeeomptOB aad anti-Lecomptcn member* will compro- ause ttej- diferenon to at to tecure two aaaaaatw Senators of moderate sent, meats.The mining news from British Cohunb a is rather encour- aging, and the Quseae popumtioa particularly waa in- creasing. Bane fine specimens of gold from Queen Char- lotte's Island. :n possession of the Indians, are mentioned by tb* Tatora tsaaaaThe match was advertised to take pace attwo, aad front this hour until after three the roads lead- tog to the ground w e n filled with numerous and eager lovers of athletic sport By three o'dock. however, everygovenanent appear* perfectly iadiflhrent on the subject.of the houae.At eight * clock the aoaad of the street, tad the impatientthe lobbiesheard from op a hearty and. Thehuman lace to be. Fences, housetops, vehicle*, the of neighboring vessel*, everything which com-d anything like a view of toeita share of livin,g burden and large numbers who oouli not see, contented with running up from time to time to ask some one moi fortunate how the game wasandqsnr- iAha of the quartern and quarter eagles only wenfaaajpaiaha*gammyof un, acids, n c , ahnoatthe stage, aad tof the gang Sir oaaa tone, aal wat only waiting the scenery thereon displayed a forest view. In a few far further d, > to make a ftonrealn the whole hies, of •roca-.yn, aad Charles McKay, of S e w York, nena the Zouaves marched in, and as the bead of the Ianknown. Itaregrettsdthattheexposition aaaaairespectiTely by Stsrais,Wood,LsroyaadBan- columncameinviewoftheaudiencetherewerelongaad waa ante to toon, n there are other* residing is Oiflarant aeway, of the nret: Miagrnia, Was. James aad Thos. loud bursa of enthusiasm from the male portion of theAaordmg to pnirtoaa announcement the race between cheer long before oar military a wed* laboratory. Tnorn had been aware of the pro- the shell boast Stranger, of Poughkeepsie, Judge Voor- muskets of the"The transfer of the mail contract with the Gaiwag line by thai time dnanpenred, to the Canadian Company had beea conduded, aadtheamending toi ta aaCeaeaaay C, Twclttn * The Chicago Zouaves, who, city, hare betcitlstne b y theirBaar exhibition driia hat aagat at Ithe Atlantic never having been beaten i n a match game before, ASwas to be expected from teadabsofthDepart** of tba M m «f * * • ttW mziW. White.• a n Thnaai Carta, f E. TUtoo, J. J. SceUer, of 0 a second, and Bums, Brady, Wood aad F*r- •mile* of welcome from the ladies. Dodworth* bandoc H. Gadding, J. E. Withington, R. Berlin.ban gladly bean at home 13th inat with the mails, and proceed to Quebec, v a St.iatcaart, L Wendell, J. naBJwaan andd a of than wtabnx to tarn State « evi- frontag Thomas C Buna' Xaotilas Ban, at Tompkins- of the evening by selections from the operas.a large crowd, heat and duet is thirst, and mane host of steamers a n to alternate with the Oaaadaa steamersreD, cf the fihird, look place yesterday ia tatbay,rarcAaa.W. A. King,M.L-Mocre, E.K.McGee, rx MtOentdd, P. Mnlletto, Ci. A . niCOi,A. H.Mathans BOtoott,E. J Puree,W.CJ. A.i.9*.B. Smith,H Snider, XaLSotoa J. 8. SUva, J. H. Sagnrs, J. V. Smith, R 0. Theos, J M-Taeus,I.I, tana. D.M. Wolf, H.6 Ward. R. H. Wyily.J. W an.5-Twfe* W. B White, — Waters,j. a J.C Young,hishands,withthoseofhatouching at Londonderry as at present.The Prince of Waha embarked ia the Ben, at Prymonth, for Canada, on the 0th bat., aad aailai at go'clock on the morning of the 10th. The•oddenlytakenwith aI t ofThe movements were oiaoatod with a precision and mechanicaiity that would do honor to the beat European troops, aad certalaly w e n for superior to anything before witnawd in t h a cay. Aa each movement was executed, the immense tasBanat wonkt aead np>cnear after cheer, until Captain Ellsworth very kindly asked the indulgence ofthe^adancn,andreques«edthem not to appUudthe moveateaa oi the Zouaves, a t matter heat Stock they might deaarve it, aa it intafond with the company inapoplexySew fork Hospital, when he toon after expire! Coroner Jackmaa held aa iaqoext, anda verdict•ofr""ITkaih from anaalexv'' was \rndnral The deceased was Uthfrty-ftn fMilOTIIL mauerM —-* hiMtrSnil «1 th* Fifth n»nww 11iiitiAa Aan> Lam Bra Ovsa Aaa 5.XI*D —Mrs. latbellaIBarlag.anagedScotchlady,residingatthecornero hearingthewordofcommand.Tfce words ofcommand, in the 'second part," wereasWashington aad Watt Tenth atreeta, waa ran over and al follows:—Attention. take arms; unfix bayonets; springUnitedStateaarmyaadnavy.TatThirdfimtaaut J.T.McFariand. Davis, G. W. Aaderaoa.Caiyanafc-K. A . Sirre, W. A. Walker, T. McNah, J. K. Mannerlyn.QuartermtuUr—Phillip Schley. Judge Advocate—L.B DeLyon.A. T. Lawrence A. Bnrcer.M.RamelL P.Roberts.good health,j a breastwork on the site of meat instantly k 3 t d while crossing Hudson street, s e a rammer: return rammer: shoulder arms; load in eight JTai3>—COBONKE'S DtQCBST—THB U P S OF A Hudson River.the Carasn oa tat atth a a weak ago—aad would move Haring. but was afterwards diacharred by Coroner Sehir- All these movements were executed with the same ad-to escape by passing between the guard houses NOB. 0 A committee of five ha* been appointed to regulate the The commercial crisis at Sydney had abated. Only two'$!•*I -»a-camp of tbe regulars.A correspondent of the Bermlt, writing from Genoa, money.of '46, Secretary. After the appointment of the Execu- tive Committee for 1840-41, the following preamble and resolution were presented and adopted —r, the Pah t'te Ceaeral, has areved for aa agam, for when the troopsPyramid Lake they foond that he had absquat aajee, ukmg wah baa ha baggage sad wttata sad Me eat knows whither be hat gate, bat the i belief m that he will divide h a army mto smallWABNiaeM Saasxasot lex W-irsx.—A man named Franca Fravia, a teaman, living at 76 Jaaaa *tnet, died suddenly oa Sunday night, under very strange circum- stances. Coroner Jackmaa held aa iaqaeat, at whisk Br. Beach, who made a pent mortem examination. testified that the deeaand hadi died of cjtnhan Bttrbne. The keep- be had. shortly before h a death, drank large quantities of ice water. A verdict in accordance with the actsseparated from the gang and were passing between theguard houses when they were ordered to halt, and t h aonly causing them to run the foster. Mealand and Sarles,the two guards on duty, both discharged their guns, with-out effect. Sarles reloaded h a carbine and fired a second time,andtheballtookenactintheheadofJohn Sham,who fell to the ground apparently dead. H e must havebeen instantly killed, as m another moment five or six sion of literary amity; therefore,) persona were upon the seat, but no signs of life wereanunknownmanwaafoundfloatingiathewaterfootof West Tenth street. Coroner Sehinner held an inquest,and a verdict of foond drowned waa rendered. Deceased was dressed hi drab pants and white shirt and was about tmmetteainchesmheight, fahapocketswaafound a bill of Idward Brady to John Hendrickson, and $117 12 iakaspsarkswereaastang,andafteraabortrestarms were again taken, and the following movements perform- ed—Take position by file into line; open ranks, manual of arms; stack arms (in single rank). Beet. Close ranks; facings right, left, about, oblique and by rank, counter- march, wheel by platoons, form four ranks—two—one- two—aaaaai in cloned ranks; fire b y company, b y rank, by comrades, by file, and at will. Beat.In the fourth part of the drill the following commands were given —Fire aad had a t will, shoulder arms, order arms; rest, Load aad fire kneeling, ready, aha, recover arms: ready, aim, fire. Load in eight times, ready, aim. lire. Load at will, aim,shoulder arms, rest. Firesadkad lying, ready, aim, recover arms, aim, fire. Load inHandle cartridge, cast about, tear cartridge, charge cartridge, draw ramrod, ram cartridge, return rammer, ready, a h a , fire. Load a t will, shoulderThe file fit ing was excellent.Tat skirmishing aad bayonet drill waa performed, the following bemg the words of command—Deploy oompaay by flank, by right flank, marcli. in advance, march; byCity Intelligence.Fan ACAMBV Amen.—A regular meetingofthea native of Germany, tweaty-FAXALFAU.—Coroner Schirmer held aa iaqaeat oa the left flank, march, la retreat, march; assemble on the re- upon it.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LTVRBrOOI. COTT0K MABKBT.eight yean of, age.visible. The body was removed to the office of the prison, and Coroner Griffin notified to hold an inquestResolved, That we request the Board of Education toadmit yearly to the Academy, on the proper conditionsof age, reaidence end capability, bui without the requi-site of a year* ttudy in the public schools, four ttudena . The sale* of cotton to-day were 16,000 1 fromColnmbaCollege.bodyefTnoata*'OBeilley,aaIrishman,aged thirty year*, who waa killed by acdlentolJy foiling into a vault bota of 274 Bowery, oa the 4th ban.Deployforward,extendintervals,closeintervals; aft wheel; right wheel, assemble oa reserve aad form column; deploy company on centre group: fin at a halt; deploy company by flank; advance firing; cease firing, rally by four*.In the meantime the alarm had become general, and the guards started ia pursuit of the fugitives, and, were soon assisted by the citinasa, Had it keen later ia the day it a probable that some would b a n made their escape,butaeitwsatheywansoonovertakenaad brought back to the prison, all the praoner* being safelyAt the aaaaaaaaa of the meeting the annual dinner ;,at wbiah the graduates proposed the welfareof "Alma Mater" in a brimming bowL6,000 on speculation and for export, The active aad firmer, with leas irregularity to j day s buaineat reached 20,000 bain.Bar Daowxaa Wann Faarm Otrooer SchirmeraaiaqaeatoathebonyofWillajaLeaney,aadeightyean of age, who resided with hit pareata at 213 Canalstreet,whowasdrownedwhile ashing fromthedockatthe foot of North Mama street, North river, on Sunday of tactics not known hi Scott or Hardee. The amtirACrrrPAmt CauuikDwagVlOIATWGTHl^HSALTH RSGCIATIOSS.—Edward Costello, jane of the aaaaaaaaaSTATEOFTRADIM.MAWCBMTBB.There hat been no market at Baaebesto* stow the sail-afternoon. The. body wasnearthespotwhere he wasbatseen,andwhenbeisgmnl aad enthusiastic, and the Zouaves wongolden opinions by their superiority iaattemptedtousehisweapons,buthowasentpoweeed JusticeConnollyWednesday,oncomplaintofkeepingha by numbers aad datnned. Even then he fought nodesperately that be was knocked senseless, when he waa slaughter boon, at No. 823 First avenue, in to unwhole-H I B W m 1 Breadstofls are dull,ejattesupposed to have a l a a into the water. cidental drowning" waa rendered.carried to the prison. A physician attended him, and he a pronouncedtobevery aenously injured,atthat some tune will probably elapse before he <to his fellow convicis. He a now nerving bis fifthin Sing Sing, and is the terror of all in the priaon. When arrested a knife was found upon him. the Wade of which »as about five inches in length by one in width, the top shaped haw a dagger, and botJsome a condition aa to be a nuisance to the neighborhood. Anumber ofthan restatingintheividnlty testified to the filthy character of. and the pernicious odors arising from the place, which w e n detrimental to public health. He WMadmitted to bail to 1600 to aaawer the charge.CoiiisiOB o a m a Rrvxa—As the Fulton ferryboat Wyandaak waa crcatlag from Brooklyn to S e w York, about eleven o'clock Wednesday morning, she came in contact with the boom of a sloop. . The steamer re- ceived considerable injury to the panels of the ladiea' cabin. The sloop was apparently uninjured. The ladiessteady.at30s.4d.formixed. Tha vorable for the crops.UTnBtwttfBwTfltaWlThe provision market a dull, but steady.LITRBrOOL FBODCC1 nARAIT.Ashes dull. Stsan buoyant, sad sB qoalltas tfkyhUy higher. Coffeequiet. Rice quiet, Carolina, 2tL fld. Be> •to steady, at **. 6d. for •aaaaaa Spina tuipntttt dafl.UOKBOK MOXST nUnMnT. Lorooa,Joryi-P B.A verdtotof "Ac-Caaa Kazan ar FAUESS raoxA Boor.—On Tuesday af- drum, or silent drill, in which the company executedternoon a child, five years of age, named Geo. T. Ingham, atce&ded,toUwroof ofh»pa*«u hoaae,USstreet, to look at a baUooa, want he aecineatnliy foil•very movement ia the manual of arms with the utmost precaioB.Tie dosing scene waathecharge, whichfall company front, storting from the end of the stageble and deadly weapon in the hands ol im. it hasi since proved,torri-into aa empty space between the boose be had beat stand- and rushing down ea atom towards the audience.with the ing upon and the next. H is lifeteea body waa not Zouave yell, which would strike terror to a a y eaeay-Tared until on Wednesday The Zouaves then gave their original peculiar cheer " One—two three four—five •six—seven — ti ga ar—UaaaowahuaIkeowaaa.—TheharborpoliceWednesday Zouave!"andtonperformanceended.i the one who in- cited the others to make the attempt to Thestoning found the body of aa aakaowa a a a tataaj atAt the conclusion of the drill Capt. Ellsworth came for- the sage, accompanied by Col. J. C. Piaekney aad two officers "of t a t First Division staff, aad thanked the audience for their forbearance and attention duringhe baa known eight aad tea knives to b a n beea mhaad at a time after the oonvicta had Isft the dinner table.waa hurt, though the panels were smashed ia over tome ef their faeada. It hi impratible to aay whether the pilot of the steamer or the helmsman of the sloop was in fault; but there WMgros* earslw—a— paattahaii.sad 0 8 ^ fortduiLJuly 10,July 11,1*40.tat water near the Battery. Deeeaaed a a a dretaed a a aa sailor, aad had a crucifix marked with India ink on theaft a m An saqueet was held sad a verdict of "Supposed tnedriU. He said that the limited area of theAbout aix o'deek on Wednesday evening Coroner Griffinheld aa inquest sawn the body of John Rham Severalpersons who witnessed tha shooting affiur gave in theirtestimony, when the jury returned the following verdict: 'Thatthedeceasedmethadeathbyagunshot woundre-ceived at the hands of Isaac Sarles, while in the dischargeof his duty, aad was perfoctiy justifiable." He waa 32 of the building No. 76 Beach rtreet TheConaoaicloss at MX a sB}| for account.Ti_Caralval. THB SAVANNAH K*rTBUCAN BXCIS.* ! H * y , at three P. M., the Savannah Republican Blues wUl arrin ia Uie atoamer Florida, and daembarx at tat foot of North Moon street. Captain J. W. Anderson, a weUkBownandiaaaentalmerdtrntofSavanaah, is cap, or thirty-six men, aad marched in circle* of that dry. The Bhie* wiU come ninetytaw platoons. Hay war* attired at their full Zouave strong. TheFlorida will arrive hen about twoP. M., Pcartal!, lb....dmttrtnetr movements With that be desired; the intimation of the stagealso proved a great detriment to tha accslerattd movement*FOB nt BiAca Sraaas.-wtbout five o'clock yesterday afternoonafirebrokeoutinthe unoccupied upperfloortLOXDOXBreadctunb dull and Sugarfirm,but little Tallow quiet.hata the skjrmiejj driiLt a t audienceThe Zeaavee marched from the Academy, under the es- cort of the two eaapaatot of the Twelfth regiment, op aeawny, aad thence to the armory of Company C, of the Twelfth regiment, near Houston entertained at a collation. from the Acatomy were immense lines of and the streets were illuminated, and a grand idtU given to the occasion by a display of fireworks alongyears of age and was serving h a third term in Sing Sing for burglary. Mairnaim a aao about 38 years of age, and a one of the most noted desperadoes and criminals in the country. •All the oonvicta wen araad with deadly weapons, such asrakednUs, knives, Ax., and moat of them being despe- rate men, it a singular that none ef than who arrested them were injured. They are now confined ia dark cells, ** a imnahmanl for *1liiarjanf tit ntrarTCredit a dee to the omcera sad eitiaaa waa acted ae promptly ia t h a exciting emergency. Aa oar reporter waa writing out the above account Mr. Sarles, t h e officer who shot Rham, entered tha office of the prison andre- quested the Warden to furnish him with a sevolver to de. andbunatlf,«rapidly, aad owing to the building being reported unsafe. the firemen were only allowed to work at the fire fromTHXLATKT»9B%.w eford and'Brigadar General William BAILSand-noticedMajor GeneralOoirxscH, Gntt, JsJy14,18en.Untitled DocumentA length&sft.W2^iwrs«sFirst Divi- offioersofthethe re-»•tow*"•»iw»•>• o..»PR06RESS OF AFFAIRS M SICiV,The <elebratioB of the Fourth of •Mil*&.jo*aa,N\F ,julyiMifl». The steamship Caaaaaght, from Galway 11tharrived off tha port at four o'clock thta i The Otaanftahlhoar* out Iof her cylinder 1Her greatest run I• She sailed for Mew York at • P.Thestmnad KB,fromQuebec,arrivedatLea- docderry on thaaatnw7the asamahn Africa sailed from Liverpool a r B r a York on the Tth.The news a generally unimportant.Pay was called at 3 U , aad the last bat wat by Dodwortht full band. The ZouaTes taia, and the privates are representatives of the highest •i3e. The following a th<ninety will participate in the excursion. of their names:—WeaaaexaliatJohnW.l a i l m a a BLDava.Carver.•«withanticipation,thesebemg,iamanyinstances,m literally aavawtfi F. L, Gaa, B, H. Lewis, B Conner, W. £ positions where it seemed next to impossible for aaudience, and shaking of handkerchiefs aad *Mpattsatt tWor Guard—Privates, D. H. Stewart, J. L. Haupt, W. or elsewhere. The natural aevitable consequence of Johns. TLia service a to be fornigthtiy, and the Geiwaycupied the orchestra boxes, aad opened the performancesSmedley's Club House hadassistants, could do, to TM e liquid refreshments. An••oulder shiftOKB MAX SHOT WAD AMP AMOTEBa SBntOCaXT IN-Cleveland and ErieCleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati. Michigan Southern.Boston and Worcester.Toledo, Wabash and Weston, i.Mr- C. J. Brydges i» the President, and Mr. C. Vibbard Secretary.Indeed,ttwagahnoatimpossibletokeeparecordofthe movements, so rapid w e n tha eaaJaaaa aad theirexecution. Thefiringkneeling, on their backs, forming ia their cells before sundown. Mairnaia mated, and from the Fifth district of tha city, waa taken before ing cf tba Africa. circles,a—aandpyramita,broughtuaintoalabyrinthdriU.We almost forgot to mention the drill by the tap of theknife had formerly been a strong dinner knife.TheWarden,Br.Beardsley.informedoarreporterthat andchildrenwenverymuchfrightened,batnopertontaking his iifo.ttoteftaafrom Hamburg on the 4thtott.,arnved at thaei newsuptothaTO THUPtTOB orH. Lumpkin, of Georgia, m reference to held by him, that he was one of thein which i t aaeCourtofOatStan Ha a aaerror.aaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comthe oonricto e fof Jaaaa Burns, _contents were destroyed. The aad inalilmaj is said to be building a owned by John " insured for $1,000 inJuly It,there a an obituary no-inaconteetofUrn hour* and twelve minute*.cellent playing on both side*, bat the " lock of the day ' teemed to be almost wholly with the former.aaa. aaaaanaataprogressing. The cloud* and the sun came out in such hadobtainedeligibleplaces, the possibility ofan exit,rth as to cause many whowhichthecrowdforbadesteamship North Briton was to B a n Liverpool oa theithuge aad interested a concourse bad never before beea fathered at a match between aay two ban ball dubs. However, notwithstanding the number of specta- tors—which could n o t b a n beea less than four thou- sand—aad the inconvenience! to which many of them wen obliged to submit, tba a n t of order waa prawned throughout, the crowd seemag desirous, with bat fewIt is the intention of these dubs to play another match on the 6th of August.Meatiaaj vtThe Convention of Railroad Managers, which baa beenin session at the St. Nidwlas Hotel for the hat two days, baa arrived at nothing of a definite diameter aa yet, aad tawaitingtohearfrontsomemember*whoanahoant before they can do so.The object of the Convention is to regulate the chargesfor freight daring the coming autumn, when business willbe very brisk. The following railroads are represented by two or more members —Great Western, of Canada West. GrandTrunk,ofCanadaWest. Michigan Central.NewYork and Brie. NewYerkCentral. Pennsylvania.basinet* of the Convention.remarked- oa all aides that so accompanied him aa far as Cane Clear. Two additional unimportant failures o rWhereas, it appears from the Catalogue of Columbia College, 1860,1840, that the New Fork Free Academy a entitled to four scholarships in that college- and whereas, theAlumnioftheFreeAcademyareglad toseethabe ginning of active friendship, and are desirous that the Academy shall not be behind that College ia the exten-The contractanewloanawithoutfoundation.the outside,was damaged to the < extinguished. TheThe lower floor a < for tne storage of ale. The*part of the building the i n aaa oy suepneruby Boyd Bro i C o . . to the ale will nit |fi,000 in the of the fin tatwo aad three o'clockin the cooper shopThe building and Mr Burns on stock itotured. The about $L500-Consols 98^unknown at Fmuyesterdayto <Leases, Jury 11—1 P . M. Consols for money 93 a » * , sad for aocouat #8^ aLrvaaanoi, July U , 1MB Cotton—Sales probably about 10,000 bales good de-mand aad prices steady.THE HEWS BY THE TEUKWlo.report thatt h eWeather fine. Monday'* prices.PartsMeet in October.t oLrrxsrooi, July 9,1440.i  