 NEW YORK HERALD.JAMES GORDON BKX^KTT. EtfTOX AST) PKOPaiKTOa.Of ».IS K. V , COKVtt OP KaSlaC AK9 fCtrOM<i'i'.t»bis cbaag* ti p-toes, uw sala* sarVaCm1 about WOor WO bhda and 3*0 boxes, at rates | : n o eUewHere. Tbapcbicaai*ofBi»eaasecameoffto-da7 the-amountad pieofthecountry •»evincin« wrjHtt1*con- strongermotivethantoprofitbytheopportu- *M* •ert:*ed was 4&V0bags,1,14a Ofwhichwere|KidTtftm. eaaM *» a/tBomm. r%**7f0*tender. P'Mjft"'rife DAILT BMKALVBKUALD. fry TOM WTXMI r BBHAlIT WW. Satar&ty, it < u(mmttptr'»tlVprobably at aoprer oui t .a* ia the hlatorr of our mer- cantile suarloe baa An *nc*a toaoajre bean more dia-1 ber. Therefore, till interest in the Presidential'struggle has died out. at least in this State, andMorgaa's interference with his city railroad projects, is striving against his reaomination, whichIsfavored byGreeley,formotivesthat a r e n o t j e t s o p a l p a b l e ; a n d u n l e s s t h e p e o p l ethe Prince of Wales through the British pro- vinces. The enthasiasm and excitement have not at all abated. Wherever he comes the s t o r e s a r e c l o s e d , a n d t h e p e o p l e g i v e t h e m - selvesuptothefestivitiesofageneralholiday.• .andhnm**^- Therewvto morrow n i g - times Witnessed• f ta/cJnr~J.«*rOT^S.**P*-J«»«I»toanypariof0rw *r*«!,)Q.a* • • * i t y part V lA' 'IMMMM. N H to it.elvdtptmtaa*,fWrAMILY UMKALPm WtiMtdm. 1 four cmt'ptr gSprrawtm.«y£r«H£ V * ' r * - - * i i W ' i " . - « • « • • » ' * * * a - M l 1 0 * « , ' « • ( * M « r , : A a J t i l eo m t ipertrd.1: -Iliad, bat aiao tor other more dlstaat p.ace«%oia*ac XX V ..MavSWfuaed at toe close, and ta bulic at I)y;j , aad Oour at 3* , aad to Loador. Dour wa* eagagod at 3a 61.l.tatota1* •lecttaatn Cite Soath-Tha Dis- aaionagmestiaa.black republican organs, to have left an intoler-able stench of corruption behind it. and it isnow the duty of all good citizens to take carethat the Legislature to be elected this fall willconfide-'111/ expect that the Legismtareof 1861 will leave ** ^tolerable a stench of corruption behind it s. d^ttitofMwt. >tbe day and of the night« « • ^Ccngre^and we have «AJIuaajtaara THIS IVSJOXO. uASDKS.SiMdwv-Cavanmu*rn»i«-A*t*«.wrtttE* OAKOKS. lftraadwa/. opposite ao&istreet.—WalXACX'S THKATBK. Broadway.—0'» UAaaMAa 4KB Tra Pitsiu—THKICC aUJtBiw—fAJiu* Hogaaiaaraa.LAfKAaTJSKWMTHXATEK,So.em AIIUCH Oeeaix-A > « * K * * — ( O U I I MACAIBIHlftMJira AJMU1CAM MUSSUW -KTHIOTIAJI, Sonsa, DAjnaa,notbecomposedofsuchthoroughlybadmate- The Syria.Ma.*^'—f^T*4*,01doubt tkti toe s^^^Cham^ *iU k , , , _'. «mxious to see whetb» *• ""^est*,SHftrfM,There 13 aot oaiy a good demaai for roaaela for la Tiewthepoliticiansareturning their sole attenUMr.Orr,ofSouth Carolina, Speaker of the rials.tutton at the Tlrtcl.lt Empire.TheSyrianquestion OTershadows^t present parenttotbethrone, the nextinrank to the T j f - , ^ .,_ *Councils*,Home of Representative* of the last Congress. has written a letter on the Presidential issue toA Itwasadvisedinacaucwof*v2to precedent, to run for the foil term of seven 11850 as a free State destroyed the equilibrium liable to discovery aad exposure.yeaiH Bis retractation ia considered by the aelo- between the North and the South in the Senate, In the way pointed out by our correspondent awts a* a graceful, though not unlooked-for conces- and made the States stand sixteen free Statesincapable "of adapting itself to the require- incognito, and even became a mechanic that he might acquire a deeper insight into men and ments of modern civilization. Animated by things. The result was seen in his future reign;N£W YORK HMKALD, TflTBcl&AY, AUGUST J>,1860.j^jresta. the trade In breadstufis, the shipping0 u t Hext S t a i r L r g i . l a t a r e . As a general rule, tue patriotic individual* w& ^isiBeW a a d commerce generally, mast experi-TH£ Cc'tNCUJUth AAD TOE /APAVHr o W»u..—The Councilmen are coquetting with theIt is s subject o f ITM*TM1 r e m a r k ftat t h * **°" seek to be elected to the Legislature nave nocern or interest in fi" Presidential canvass. nities of selling their rotes when they get there. the best thin* 'at U\c. a l»?ic average U Tc Tb* rMumSar aU How consistently they pursue that course the she cannot get a »..was w::Udr»irj, aal »« bAfS of It afterwarda The fights of the conser>: TM * » " » J * * £a«M aa p. t , aad MO bat* SaraaUla war* tions have resulted in ttoroV117 * * ? £ - £ . history of tbe last Legislature abundantly tes- return home full of flour - ^ h-* - «cs.—THK They are evidently afraid to endorse the *.•old at 15c fn-iii'j were afaJ btfber aad reasala people, and there Is now little a d o u b t (esidencj a:' fOM to. Dtirtof tb« lat« duii period u tb? freighting will be elected by the popular vote in N»«acarrrattitae aoaS-r c ni .a« M U be rbtre Ihey bad o<rtcmwmi—atbttripOom buinna tbe.rtraUared to al! parti of the world,aadis chiefly directed to the Governorship and the EFFECT OF en VISIT TO THE UNITED STATES-Legislature. Weed, indignant at Governor eontinue to publish accounts of the progress f> abandon their share cf the plunder. To-mor-black republican candidate for the If.ticn of the Aldermen, jet they are loth to night it will be up again, when, it bqjfcC, the test will be applied to thorn Q^j^timeu who are wavering between honestyt o t h e e l e c t i o n o f S t a t e o f f i c e r s a n d o f m e m b e r sof tbe coaalag war ia Cbiaa, Aaaertcaa coal, beef, port, of the Senate and House of Assembly. The exert themselves to preserve the |egwlbtion of Ac ,arebetngshippedtoHongKoagaadSbaaghae. Yaa* %^ etclt*ment ore*thedebit*Urdaywheat,iabags,wastattooatlid,w&xhwaare- lastLegislatureisacknowledged,evenbythe ^ Statefromutterdemoralization,wemay Addressesand/ft**andballsaretheorderofht of wft4tb f ^ * *Weseethatoneofthelittlecountrycampaign papers, published at Seneca Falls, has exh :ou*dallother issuesin.F ?-Itissaidthatthisrestric- tion has sometimes a very awkward effect uponin it upon which the future of all our political which the pipelaying of the Central Railroad pregnant with poUtical troaWe* fl*B< horrors , of his right hand he dodges the effort it; bnt they will hare to wait a long £m? ** KXW BOWKXV THBATKS, BotoBrj.—Hmrtarwo— parties and of the country itself will depend. managers in this Stale was exposed, and theAim* MII**?axua, ois, Soaea, DAJIOXS, ACHaU. 473 Sroadwar - publican nominee* will be elected in Noreaber their actual developement The accuracy of ings of indignation which they have excited. bands, if it will please them. When he comes If the Gouncilmen pass the appropriation, w*Di«antiiw York,Thunrtajr,Aawast9,ISO©.~v=--Bvmuaavaa. Ac.•DK l,,,- rletter, is that for the Presidency and Vice Pre- - with reference to a grand city railroad combi- tiee, have stirred up the heart of Christ*nV*om upon the ladies must he very disagreeable tosion, and will result in the purging of the House againstfifteenslave States. The South being were the members of the last Legislature chosen. the best intentions, he is continually crossed and we have no doubt that the Prince of Wales from Bicch of its obnoxious negro element. thus turned over to the mercy of the North in Their acts were worthy cf their ori- and thwarted by the bigots by whom $e is wtll be able hereafter, when he sits upon the The! Convention of the New York Breckinridge both houses of Congress, a very great sensation gin. A more flagitiously and shamelessly surrounded, or by the fanatical subordinates British throne, to trace his best ideas to his in-democracy at Syracuse closed its labors yesterday. followed in the Southern States. Thus, in 1851, corrupt body of men never disgraced the to whom the government of the provinces is tercourse with the American people, and to the astronomers: the meteors and tQe nort'iera The platform adopted by the Convention, and the Capitol at Albany. The principal acts of the entrusted. Superadded to these influences, thenominees for State offices, as follows: —glectw^ Gideon J. tucker and Henry 8, Randall. (rwerntt* James T. Brady, of New York.Li~ut CJotvravr. H. K. Viele, of Buffalo.Canal Cpjmmu'r.John M. Jayoox.Sate Ptii. iai'r.Robert W. Allen, of Kings,In our columns this morning may be found ah ac- count of the first day's sailing of the yacht squad- too, f^hich commenced the usual August cruise yesterday. Tbe yachts left Glencove at eighto'clock yesterday morning, and arriTed at New Haven at four in the afternoon—the Julia leading the fleet, the Rebecca arriving three minutes after,Union party. The secessionists were sig- of this metropolis, and the profligate sale of the him but little liberty of action; and if the truth vajst amount of labor and money expended on electricity, to which are probably due th»trable aa before. The Distriot Attorney waa at the place yeaterday engaged with the Coroner in inves- tigating the affair. The blood has been analyzed and pronounced to be that of a human being. A full report of all the facta thus far ascertained will be found in our paper of to-day.the pride to a more remunerative figure. A report of the proceedings will be found elsewhere.of the manifest fraud upon the city which wa$fornia, giving the North In that body thirty-two involved in them. He characterized them at French Emperor—ready, as he always is, to $vail draining and planting shrubs: but. .after all,members, against thirty for the South. Now being at variance with justice and sound poli- himself of the chances that present themselves this work makes very little show for the time how stands the case? Since lSGO two more free of magnifying the glory and power of France— and money lavished on it, and one good, long, States—Minnesota and Oregon—have been ad- cy, as not in consonance with the wishes or that a temporary stop has been put to the perse- shady avenue or grove of full grown trees mitted, giving the North a Senatorial majority wants of the people, and as being deficient in cutions which have deluged Syria with Christian would be more acceptable to the public just of six. Kansas will be admitted this next win- legislative safeguards.Tie $olo Leather Tanners' Association held their semi-a usual meeting at the Astor House yester- day, aad decided to continue their efforts to curtailblood. It is to that and no other influence that noW than the whole of it.tion to notify the Health Officer and Quarantine Commissioners that fever patients will not be re- ceded on Wards island, was adopted. A full re- |K.a of the proceedings, together with the weeklyt>'. j'.ement, will be found in another column. . Yesterday afternoon the corner stone of a mission church, erected by the friends of the Methodist Episcopal church, was laidin Twenty-fourth street, between Eighth and Ninth arenues, by Bishop Jaae*. The building ia to be of brick, and when completed will cost about$35,000. Interesting and brief speeches were made by Bishop Janes and Dra. Thompson and Osbon, and the necessarysmouafl required to complete the edificer—$3,000*— •rait subscribed.The directors of the New York Central lUilnrnd ye»:'iday declared a semi-annual dividend of three j>et LtiA., payable oa the 20th inst.Beef cattle yesterday were in good demand for extra quality, at half a cent per pound advance,but other kinds were dull and unchanged.cows were steady. Veal calves were in fair de- mand it full previous prices. Sheep and lambs were steady at about last week's prices. Swinewere plenty, snd the best were s shade lower, prices Hanging from 6 to 6 | cents per pound. The total receipts (including Bergen HOI) were 4,122 beeves, 158 cows, 752 calves, 14,515 sheep and lambs and 5,016 swine.against them of perhaps one hundred in the House.Thequestion,therefore,ofUnionordisunion.will have to be settled with Lincoln's election-because acquiescence on the part of the South-Robertson, Rotch, Sessions, Spinvla, Warner, Williams— «1.this fact, and notwithstanding the formal an- nouncement of peace, and the assurances of the Porte,theyhave agreed uponthenecessityofthe cropseams to bare safiered most ia Intern Texas, in, the lied river district of Looisiaaa, ia some Darts of KasuaaiSfi, Central Alabama, aad Si the upper parts or (-•eorgia aad South Carolina. At last accounts ram had occurred OTor many tracts of ccaatry, sat it was fearedt» Urn to Maya* tbe Injury already jAdietea. 1 of Texna are considered too tar smth and tooto •eoare osrtamty ta the crops oae year Tory kmg drooghts, as well as long periods ef rata, are aqnaUy pnjeitcial to the proper growthaaiteulapaaoatoftarnannualpact. The floormarketopenedarm,withaaapwardteadeacyia prices. b%t tbe scarcity of vtaaeta aad the adraacei ia treajbu leaned to chock sales, aad the market ckaeJ dntt. Wheat waa arm, and wantad for export, bat In* S)«b rnejhis cheeked opora&ioaa. Corn waa ataaOy, ajttii oaoderate aalss at mteaaaged prtcea. r\irk WasThedirectorsoftheGreatEasternwillmakeand that the responsibility of his election will son, G&*, Gmxr, Hall, fl^rrii,> fioakins. Jeffords, Jen promising; the probability is that there will a good thing out of their Southern trip, between riod of the year prc.ois the am uut was a third 0. apt»a jhajaraexhibitedmorebeariaesjJthij^^w't^t Sonta,cans. ThequestionofmerepartisanpoliticsU alreadylargeandve-selsaregettingscarce. therefore cc crUerbn whatever to be guided by. In the event of a falling off ia thegputopeiEastern may realize the Southern dream of direct trade with Europe after all:inncajM-'aat'*'visrrTOTTI<S>AT «A--TKTWA ve,y iarg.j company w:!i ajdnpa-jy tb.' i'.<a.d .11 1.Acnarokj to mcrrjwMichfadFrance, or conjointly by the three Powers most TJUE GREAT EASTERN AT TUE SOLTII.—The Interested, will at once strike at the'indepen- Grejat Eastern festival, as the Virginia papersHis open declaration in favor of Breckinridg? and Lin',rand of tbe secessioa t South Carolina, in case she njoined by Alabama, Oeorgi'i and Mississippi, immediate!/ upon the elect.oa of Lincoln, without the commission of any overt act on the part of the republican adminuun tion, is.deemed an effort to outbid Keitt for tbe I'a.ted Slates Senator ship]nally defeated ia all said States. Howell 1 West Washington market property. were known, there is not upon the face of the thfe Central Park, aad the general progress Cobb, the Union candidate for Governor After the failure of George Law's wholesale earth a ruler who enjoys less rea4 pewer, or mide there since the work commenced, thein Georgia, leading off with a majority of near- gridiron scheme of railroads, a compromise w.i, who is more oppressed by the cares and anxie- visiter who seeks it for shelter and comfort onefreedom from epidemic disease, and thex remaik able abundance of the crops.Mews from the National Capital. • Ot a SPECIAL WASHXKQTOK OKSrATCH.WA3ai.YOrojf, August S IA •>:UO!!A3'.8 RFSIGSATLO* or OSS. CAE-—f>l(-&UC30X HI* , « ' CKSTOE.J It i? reported^hcre that On. Cass, bav.og m%% Jseverely sinw biS^Arriva! home fro-.n one of h:3 alarasa ? attacks of vertigo, seriously contemplates resigning ia * place in the Cabinet, ic which event it w 1 ;l b? tend—-* ' to Daniel S.Dickinson. Th a arrangement wil remo^i the latter from the flo'i at compet'tor of Genera! Ca-!i . ^ for the supreme bench vacancy.TBI DOCCLA3 OJKCS HOLTiaS TO B! WITOr") OCTThe administration is getting fully awake to th» ;•»•' portaace of taking decisive action with reference to V*?course of its representatives ia the present campa ga As ail its members are COR understood to be act .< • favorable to the electton of Breckinridge and Laue. t has been determined that all offices of influence aai patronage 6hall fee filled by parties who coincide wUbeffected, and sevea distinct railroad bills passed ties of his station, than Abdul Medjid.; Tonot between Union and disuaion, but between both branches of the Legislature. These went maintain that the doctrine of non-intervention ing little or no shade there; and without aly 20,000. But in South Carolina the isme wascf ftheie hot days will be disappointed at find-compelled to 'wait a little longer."This action of South Carolina, however, wasand other streets and aveaues, in South, West longer submit to be duped by the fallacies by be' regretted that the Central Park is ao defi-ter, which will increase the majority to eight.The bills were all passed over the Governorsthe unfortunate Maronites owe the truce which One of the first things which should havefor the construction of roads in avenue D and holds good in the case of such a government asgrateful shade such weather as this, comfort isI independent and co-operatire secession, Theoo*operationists succeeded, and as no other East Broadway, in Seventh avenue, in Tent* hi9 would be the merest mockery; and we are oui of the question, and a place of pleasure be- States came to the rescue, South Carolina was avenue and Forty-seepnd street, ia Fourteenth happy to And that the European puplic will no comes a place of torment. It is very much toand other streets, in Houston and other streets, which England, for her own purposes, has thuscient in ilhis essential element. There is noupon the comparatively narrow issue of sub- and to extend the Ninth avenue road to the Bat- far succeeded in bolstering up one', of the doubt that a great deal of work has been ac-mitting to the destruction of the sectional equi- tery. Governor Morgan, himself a republican, strongest political anomalies of our times. complished in laying out the walks and drives,nu J the Ifaria coming in third.The Long Branch mystery remains as impene- librium in the Senate by the admission of Cali- felt constrained to vetp those bills on account Ii Is to the sagacity and prompt action of the building bridges, cutting transverse road3,Should "Honest Old Abe's" administration go veto by large majorities. The vote on the ave- has been accorded to them. But that this truce been done in the park was to transplant a them in opinion. Incumbeats are therefore called up<M the masnfacturc of that article, in hopes of raising on smoothly, Nebraska. Washington, Chippewa. nue D road was, in the Senate, 21 to 9. as fol- will be permanent, unless followed up by the larW number of full grown forest trees; a few, to declare under which king they will serve. This coursemaster?. H- <•>* it is that there is a large party NAT—Messrs Barnett, Coleman, Collins, Dwight Erne- of the Ottoman population. We shall have thej Central Park is going on in this respect,in South Loioima ready in the event of Lin- kelsey, MsFaddea, Memtt, Newell, Gdell, Palmir, P«H\'' France obtaining a foothold in the East, and thai the present generation will have passed coln's election, to take the initiative, like Gari- Plumb, Powell, Richardson. H. Smith, JU&er, Van Horn' maintaining a firm balance between the preten- aw4y before any of our citizens can enjoyVarumf Webtter, Williams—25.baldi, and to trust in the chances of co-operation. ABSK.NT oa NOT VOTING—Messrs. O. AllenThis is the danger to which Mr. Orr so pointedly Briggs, Butler, tThittenden, D. Clark, /. Clark,Conkilion;?, ence of England on the other. Then a military Culver, Pecker, Dick on, Mini-refers.He is a conservative and cautious man,klnson, Earll, Fuller, Garrdton, MUl*'ken, Robinson, Savage, J M. Smith, Taggart, Van flora— occupation of Syria, either separately by20.and does not wish to risk too rashly the chances [Republicans in roman, democrats ia italics ]of a terrible civil war. In regard to the West Washington market The simple truth is, that in submitting to Lin- bill, the villanous features of which Governor coln's election, the South must be content to Morgan pointed out in his veto message, the prepare deliberately for the abolition of slavery vote was equally large. In the Senate the bill from Delaware to Texas. This is exactly what was passed over the veto by nineteen to eight,dence of Turkey, and afford the pretence desiredfar its ultimate partition. Should this be ami- has made a tremendous sensation down there. cably effected, there would be nothing to be The! newspapers talk of " untold numbers" regretted. The interests of humanity urgently visiting and to visit her. Tea thousand people dictate that the European governments shall werje on board during herfirstday in HamptonTbe cotton market yeaterday waa steady, but aot this thing means. The will and the power will as follows:—isrTKisSTisc raA: £ lATi-n. -.As an evidence of r.suiaiu^ aaimat.on u tb" g»aer« commercial transactions bet we r. tbe United States and the various countries of Europe, recently received otti cial statistics sb^w the state of the trade bet wees Ureal Britain, tbe great emporium of European co: meree, aad this country, m two of the leading exports of tbe latt*r, tion! for the use of excursionists from all the for the first fire months of the present year Of th? €,297,057 cwt of CDttoa imported into England fro-ti Ja-•*" —*•—«vww) a. v aucuiBingham, sions ot Russia on the one hand and the influ- DiJ^lltHilact:TO, the sales embraced aboot OM bales, at quota- be given, with Lincoln's election, to a party Vias—Messrs. AbeU, Blood, Calvin, OomoUy, Ferry, take into their own hands the protection of the Roads, and it appears that Old Virginia is quiteGardiner (front, Hammond, Ketchum, Lapham, Law. Christian population of Syria. How this is to tion.- tveon la another column. Tbe receipts of new cot- founded upon this " one idea" and pledged to rewce, Muarce, Ramsey, Richmond, Robertson, Rotch,toa at taw Soothera ports, and especially at those oa the LOT, ait larger than usual for the season of the year. So lar, boaavw. from thia fact affording any inftcaUaa of a tart*crop,itmaygeaarallybotakenaathereverse. Tbe long dry, hot aad forcing aaathor, has caused thethis work; and they will do it. Hence it is, per- haps, that we,find this apparent general indiffer- ence in the South to their own ticket of Breck- inridge and Lane. Southern men like Mr. OrrSessions, IQnnola, Warner—19. ' 'NAT^-Mossrs Bell, Goes, Hulhouse, Kelly, McGraw,Manlerre, P. P. Murphy, Traman-S. " 'A&jsar oa NOT VOTING—Messrs. Flero, Montaomerr J M.JfarpAjf,Promer,Williams-6. >+"wr,s.be done other than by an equitable distribution of the effects of "the sick man," is a problemwhich, we fear, diplomacy will be unable to salve.waked up by the event. Every available thing in the shape of a boat was brought into requisi-In the Assembly the vote was 74 to 29, as Soils to mature and open wtih as anbaalthy rapidity. give it up, and are casting about what to do, follows:—nuary 1 to May CI, 5,?S4,13I werv from the- I oited State-,, while in 18f 9. for tbe correspond leg period, tbe auuuu.Tbe w«ipta of now cotton last year wera aaid to have been not to defeat, but to meet Mr. Lincoln's elec- isas—Messrs. B. Alloa, awttlarutt. Barden, Bixbv THE CROPS HERE AND rx EUROPE.—The ad- ren^e in Virginia, as the Richmond AiguiYer United States, ^S.rwSOS cwt. To!>acco entered f. nearly three weeks later than those of tbe present year. tion. It is enough tor them that all the South* gamma, Briggs, Bvrm, Bush, Cafcfoewfi. P. Clark, Colit\ vices from Europe represent breadstuff* ad- •ayi Lome conscmplion from Jatua-y 1 to »!•< 31Tbe receiptsof tawabortcrop,oomeyearssmos.nwaa said (xonlty.amtlwi, Qmchnan, Crane, Crocker, Calver vancing, and the crops there as anything but commenced wary early, great all thatoaabeloaned eraStateswillbeagainstLincolninanyevent, Oercy,flecker,Oorsch,EUsworth,Evans,FuUon, OmrrH-nlaga, Jewell, Jewett, /one*, Johnson,« KHtey. Kmnedy,rest upon the disordered conservative ranis of Atertraaki, U w , McArthur, McQuade. Mamon, Meraelis net be an average yield of grain thai season. the visiters' fees and the fifteen thousand dol-million of pounds less.OOai-i-iau.M, :ir SKBIJU •».As a merely political item, it may be stated that » » : gentlemen Tram New York, now la Washington, intend giving a serenade to their old friend, William J Rose, formerly Pree: dent of tbe New York Central Democrati-: Association, on Thursday evening. Several of the leadingMutorTMUlmgton, M w g « > o a ^ A u a t u r M % r ! T ^ ' ttyen, CdtV, (TBrntrkr, Payne, Peek, Pelton, Perrr, Pond£]5f,,Ri2sr^. Ja^'J*S*,tSe"IS» aiagerUad. A. 1Bmtih. J M. Smith, W. M. Smith, Speaker, Stltoon, Van A'styne. I ermtfye, rosr*f«, WoM, Whipple, tfoodntr.Hough, Hubbell, Jakway, Jaques, MoFadden, Mattmon the terrible consequences which may follow Merritt, Newell, Patmer, petit, Plumb, Powell, Richard- ItTheestablishmentoftot?republicanparty son,H.Smith,JmVer,tucjkar,VanBora.Fortoa,WU-Should present predictions be verified in this respect, and should the fields oi this country redeem the golden promises they now hold out, the demand for American breadstuff* will bethe North.Stupid, indeed, must be our managers andleaders of the Northern forces opposed to Lin-I'ettry— ,4. T.» NAY^-Measrs. Barnett, CaQsosa, Coleman, Collinslars) worth of coal they are to get for makingthe {trip to Annapolis. As for the steamboatproprietors and railroad companies of Virginia,they wfll make a small fortune out of It. But,coln, If they do not knew that with them willrest the responsibility for \& Section and for Conkliog, ©wight. Finch, Faaar, Flagler, Holcomb immense. At no former period did the harvestat the same time, we are afraid that the visit of orators aad friends of Breckinridge and lane have beeuthe Great Eastern has not done much for direct privately invited to be in readiness to add to*tb: interesttrade.Itisunderstood,however,thatIfshe oftheoccasion.inpoweratWashingsawillmarkanewepoch,whkh * ill be sigmOi ad either for the abolitionttams—29. ABSB-VToaNotVOTI-VC—Messrs.G.Allen,Beebe,Batham, Butler, Carter, Chltteadea, I). Clark, / . ctari. Cook Cooper, DiaktoaoB, Dowoa, Earll, Rmertok. Faller, G-av K. 8. Ktliey. McV eat, aUtner, MUliken. Bobuisoa. Sav<uVall over the country look so splendid and abun- dantasnow.Thewheatandcorncountryoftoe West and of New York and Pennsylvania, pre- sents a gladdening spectacle to the eyes of <|he farmers. The South has already filled her gar-Of'S?< £g&B IWTSKMOUriML-:.\>HS.Official intelligence has been commun.cated la lhe:*u;e department that tbe only ports open i.> fan-.gn n a n • ee. ia the Phillipine Islands, are those of Man.U, S^ai, H ..a.of slavery throughout the Union, or the divisionof Hhe Union into two independent cenfedera Taggart, >rd*ter, Wiloy-at>. ^ ' ners to overflowing, the present drought in thatcanbeinsuredafullcargoofcotton,thedi-rectors now with her will lay the matter beforethe feneral Board on their return to England,and probably come back for the thirty thousand Zamboauga, and that no fore'gn flag wi''. bt «'|f.«.J tIn the carrying oat cf all these corruptregion'having set in too late to damage the balej; of cotton. carry on a direct trade w:lh Jolo. or tb' ports ad»»c*ccie$, with England and France, on the cottonttea. y, wtth sake ef saw mem al $19, aai oi a« r p.-.ai.- question, sustaining the confederacy of the schemes, democrats cooperated with republi- grain crop. The shipments \o Europe sjre In this way who knows but that the Great theretoUntitled DocumentQ{ c o t t o n w o o l d ^ l 0 ^ ^tifies. The struggle now going on in this State —THE OVATIOKS TO TOT PETNTI: OI !TA** _V>>eight, sad then laid it by for future considert. tion, ecire of them, meantime, exhibiting sysm. tons of penitence and remorse of comKieace.ftrn^.lH"**!that small speck in the E«stf .which twined with,his immediate constituents, which we transfer a letter from our Albany correspondent, pub- in the power of the Porte to « • • . « has as- the movements of the Prince in the dance, and tee until public indignation haftgut^e*. tU totheseeotunrasbecatiflethereisspointortwo lished ia the Haiuu)of October20,1&3, ia sumedailthepreportioniofn6a^lde'i «l<>ud thaiwhenheseesaLtd/attemptingtogethold tbe newspapersgot tired ofpltoiilVtg ul£Thefirstof these salient potato of Mr. Orr's perpetrated, with the conorvanee If ^ TM in a way that is sometimes very ludi- fore either the public or the press forfeit* f V schemes of Thurlow Weed and his associates. the active concurrence of the Turiiab Ja^*01*- crous. We should think that this restraint impudent and infamous swindle. The o p ^bium will stick to every one connected with iY aideucy "Lincoln and Hamlin, the black re- nation, were fully pointed out ia advance of and it will be impossrbie now to allay the my* the Prince, who desires to take the sex by both as long as they live.riGBT. next;'' and the second is, that "the South willKAiBTo.vAL VABrrrnw'cbaUttm mnet-J»miT twit- then decide the great question, whether she will by the history of the Legislature of 1360, a>toa-aut - M DacaAurataAQi—Tooouu.P ALACK OABDKM, roorteeotfe etreet.—VOCAX, aro IB- •taj*SJTAJ. Ooacuit.CAMTKRSTBT UOKCRST BAIA, 103 Broadiraj.-Soaos,submit to tbe domination of black republican ished^eur rural cotemporary, aad was. in fact.ing, and request the Grand Jury to take it iarule, the fundamental principle of their or-ganization being undisguised and declared waropon our sociaUinstitutioas.'" Mr. Orr believes-that the hoaor and safety of the South, in thatcontingency, will require-the prompt secession©ftheslaveboldicgStatep,"butheisnotwill- blyasweldpledgethemselvestovoteforcity ing that South Carolina should !**d off single- railroad bills, and stated in so many words thatall those charters wpuld be granted, and wouldhanded. Hid assent to the movement would be passed, too, over Goveraor Morgaa's veto. B>'the arrival of the Europa at Halifax we Lave require the co operation of (Jeorgta. Alabamar'Miojwan advice-, tu the 2l»th ult., two tlay» later and Mississippi. This brought to the test, he We reprint the letter it3elf in another part of to-difference between- the thraldom of a Prince 8ett?tog the business. It is a great fraud, aadand the freedom of a maa?. and he will be able the Gr.'uid Jury have the power to take cogni-Tne Rcwa.thai|laiO*e previously received. Owing to the in-to rni|jtioa of tclegrapliii: operation* our ranuuary Douglas men will onl? emulate each other" in of file news H m ee.iiiirily verj l<rie". The intelli- their gallant devotiou to the honor aad inte- gttif(f, however, is not of special importance.rests of their section.day's paper.Thia letter, taken in conjunction with the acts of the last Legislature, which must be still fresh in the recollection of our readers, gives a pretty clear insight into the mode of operating the po- litical machine, as put in practice by Thurlow Weed and bis confederates. They adopt the economical plan of buyiag tip those grogshop politicians who rule the primaries, and through them secure the nomjiaation of just the sort ofmen they want The pettifogging lawyers and small beer politicians who have an ambition $0 get into the Legislgture are generally found eager to snatch at the bait, and to giveinreturn for their nomination such pledge as may be re-zance, of tt and originate indictments, if tbe ertTiilare w notliing new reapecttug arlaiM tn Syria.The Convention of the great Powers, proviiling loriiitem-eation in Syria, had not been concluded, but conservative politician in South Carolina, notit win expected that i« woojd soon be .-'trued. excepting those great slaveholders. Senator Tlifce are reports that the Neapolitans had notC-vm-lJtued Sicily, and also that Garibaldi had l>eon Hammond and General Wade Hampton. Mr. v oi 4ded at Melaz20. Orr would 'repudiate any^scheme having forThje- American produce market* were much the its object the separate secession of South Caro-lina.'' There is something peculiarly signifi-cant in this. It refers to a powerful raarty in ca, dated at Falmouth Cth of July. Tbe only South Carolina, who desire and intend, if they matter of importance ia the diaaolntion of the Aa- can effect it, that, in the event of Lincoln's elec- aemlrlyjjy Governor Darling, on the 2d of the same tion, said State shall, while the iron is hot,ijeen hitherto kept under very striet surveil-lance by religious tutors, and the sweets ofliberty will, therefore, be the more appreciatedMO/*K MET$O."W—Three distinct meteors hav* been soen above our horizon almost within an many weeks—the great meteor of the age,UOKI Bi before reported.v»t are in possosaiou of intelligence from Jamai-tanical restraint that was unnatural, when they get the reins in their own hands a&aply indemnify themselves by giving free indulgence to their faculties. Princes are hu- n^an, and do not essentially differ from other men.i In his visit to the United States the Prince will learn more of the world and of men and Women than he ever did in England or can nowthinks that "Southern Breckinridge men andThese are the views of perhaps the mostby him/ It often happens that youth,who have been held under a puri- whose course was tracked over a distance ofour correspondent in these matters, as verified The question no longer is whether Rpsiac am- here the case will be entirely different He will advise tbe people to assemble in public meet-more than Athoussud miles; the second, whicj was seen subsequently la many of the South- ern States; an d the small aerolite, which was ob served at two .or three points in this vicinity. making a small *rc. en Monday night.These pheacme na are very unusual aad veryea efact extraordinary, and ^ ^ i ^ ^ tout theaurora boreatia has flashed Its brilliant, tight over the heavens rep eatedly. and with remark able power, at this set "*>n of the year;wt<»n i'_ is rarely if ever visible, we conclude that there is some curious process 1 Toiug on in the atnni- phere, which it would b e very interesting to explain, if any cf our sch ?ntiflc gentlemen can compass itThis year has been pea uiiarly fruitful ia phenomena: there is the com, e* uow visible in California; and then there wa. » tJie eclipse 01 the 6un. which occurred with such unerring accuracy in accordance with the , ©redactions otname« of the district Presidential electors selected, the pre-existing democratic and whig parties session were the attempts to eurich a few capi- intrigues and threats of the representatives of look back upon his visit here with feelings of lights, which put the telegraph w ^e3 eas: of were published in Tuesday's paper. To day we were superseded [p. South Carolina, Georgia, talists and speculators by charters of city rail- the three leading European governments. «U pleasure and satisfaction. Boston hors de combat oa Tuesday night, aadgive a full report of yesterday's proceedings, in- Alabama and Mississippi by a Southern rights, roads to be run through the avenue? and streets having their separate interests to push, leave interrupted the Europa's news. W» ' swm to cluding the names of the electors at large, and the or secession party, and an opposing THE CENTRAL PARK.—Notwithstanding the be living in an atmosphere of magne tism aadmonth. According to conventional rale, the As- strike the initiative blow for a Southern confe- quired of them. A few hundred dollars maysembly expires from effluxion of time. This rale deracy, without waiting to consult upon the co- be found ample to secure in this way the choicelias Seen maintained for the last two centuries; but operation of other State*. of a suitable tool from each Senatorial and As-Ifa Darling was disposed to abide by the letter of sembly district, while the direct purchase of thethe constitution and allow the Assembly, contrary The admission of the whole of California in vote might cost ten times as much, and be more the political system of which he is the head is the Great of Russia travelled everywhereWithout doubting for a moment the disposition in the British Provinces, because he will minglecf the Sultan to govern all classes of his sub- freely with the people—a luxury not permitted jects in a paternal and impartial spirit, We are tq the Prince when he is at home. Peteryet compelled to arrive at the conclusion thatIdaho, Nevada and Arizona will be added to lows:— strongest measures on the part of the Christian wejbelieve. were transplanted from the shores is deemed necessary in order to fully establish tbe ortaoYius—Messrs. AbeU, Blood, Colvin, Connolly, Fiero,the free list, making a Senatorial majority of Gardiner, Grant. Hammond, Ketchum, LapUam, Laio. governments, there is but little prospect. Thedoxy of the BreckinnJg* aad lame movement. Tbe a la»: nistratlon being the head of the democratic party. tho«*> who grant a cordial support to its policy must certainly be considered faithful members of the clurcb, while iU op ponenU must be disciplined and ostracised 10 prevent their example from demoralizing the masses.Mr. Jewett, Marsha', of the Northern dutr.ct of N*w York, has been remove!, aad James B. Howe appoint** to succeed bimMr. Comstock, Postmaster at Albany, it m said, hab teen called upoa to give plare to Mr. McMahon. Th.:i policy will be parsued with great vigor tbrougboat LJ» Northern States, aad officials w!M be comp?!!?d to open!/ declare themselves upon one s.de or the otb^r. Wh* ther tbere be say chance to win or not, it •» deemed all i!n;K>rtkat to protect the integrity oi tUe part/ organizat on. Collector Whitney, of Boston, ha- b^ea called here to advise the government as touhoaretu? shaky oues in New EugUad. TUo^e whj are weak in th* knees may a3 well prepare to go.WHAT riTHolGHT C? U?. ORS'j LBTrntCol. Orr's htterSlias taken his friends here very much by surprise. He has always been considered a stau..chthemselves there, like Tityrus of old. tub Ugmine friend of the I ciou, and latterly also a friend of Dougta.^A mdeting of the Commissioners of Emigrationtook place yesterday at Castle Garden. A resolu- twenty against the slave States, and a majority renct, atunroe, J. McLeod Murphy, Ramsey, Richmond, European Powers are fully impressed withof the North river, but they do not seem to have flourished very well. Why not adopt the sys- ter4 practised by the French Emperor in Paris, wh^n he was laying out the Bois de Boulogne, where huge trees of mature growth might be seen daily carted along the avenues, to be placed in their new beds, in which they soon rested securely, without a leaf or branch faded? It would be worth while spending a good deal of money to accomplish this. A park without shajde trees is like a theatre without scenery; it is b|ut the skeleton of a park after all. be its walks and drives, and lakes and bridges, everNAT?—Messrs. Bell, G08S, Hlllhouse, Kelly, McGraw, Maaierre, Montgomery. P. p. Murphy, Truman—9.ABSKSTORNOTVotuiii—Messrs.FerryandCrosser. [itepubllcacs in roman, democrats in UMi^.}In the Assembly the vote was 83 to 2o. as. aa armed intervention. There would appear to f o l l o w s : — be some difficulty as to the mode in which thisern States to his administration will soon result Ys>s-Mes3rs. B Allen,, .AreuJan'iu, Barden, Beebe, is to be carried out; but France having takenin sue han accumulation of Northern anti-slavery Bixby, fiowman. Burnt, Bush,|CaMiw«, CalticoU, Carter. the initiative, and being determined, under anyP. Clark, CWtf, Cook, Oomley, Cooper, Cbmebu* CJMCAIstrength in every department of the government man, Crane, Crocker, DUTC®, Dorset), Downs, Ellsworth. circumstances, to land an armed force inas to render any subsequent Southern secession Kvans, Finch, Fulton, O f l ^ . t r w r r , Gray, Hall, Harru, Syria, the other governments will be Hoskins. Hough, .Talcway, Jeffords, Jennings, Jewellmovement, under any provocation, utterly fool- Jewett, Jbnet, Johnson, €. Kelsey, Kmnedy, Knrtrtiht farced either to delegate to her tithe Law, McArthur. McQuada, McVean, Mast-r?>n Matter'ish and impotent. The position of the Southern Maxson, Meraelis, Miller, MHHngton, Morgan. Moult>o' aathority which she asks for, or to occupyStates wfll be like that of the ItalianStates after Austin Myers, A. A MyeJ, O'Kourte, Payne, Peck Pel' the Lebanon conjointly with her. Thus will be eo perfect. Next to plenty of breathing space,the; Eun }>ean peace of 1&15.They will be puta pheasant shade^s the most essential feature ia a public park; but we are afraid, at the ratecoBipknc'y under the thumb of their Northernptej Wiley, Woodriif, I'ourj/—88rick, Fisher, Flagler, Holcomb, Hubbell, Jaques R J-ISestablished two facts, which will exercise a newand important influence on the future destinies' . ^tfra^rdiaary activity; and perhaps Japanese swindle. They touched it very da*,an-tfc£GroatEastern-coulddo,as cutelywiththetipsoftheirfingersonTuesdatIn the dance we observe that the Prince onlygives the lady his left hand, and she is not permittedtotakehisright»beingcontraryto crowdedwithpeepV- fme etiquette due from a subject to the heir ap- they sre to be robbed of Kreigningsovereign... ,• isio« we believe, to postpone any ache?*..bition has anything to gain by Intervention in mjogle, not with subjects, but equals. He willthe affairs of Turkey, but whether t]t is humane De n^o longer a Prince, but a private gentleman, hand, and summon Mr. Leland , aad everya little remarkable. He showed how arrange- or just to permit the continuance or a govern- and, r\ 'Iteved from the trammels of royal eti-one else who furnished any items in the bill of $10." 000, to state upon oath the amount* they claim from the city, and the arrangement* entered into between them and the Committeements were being effected with the controllers of primary elections to have only such men put iu nomination for the $ecate and House of Assem-ment which is unable to restrain the atrocities of which the Lebanon is periodically made the theatre. Undoubtedly the consideration as to thefuturedispositionoftheOttomanterritoriescne involving considerable apprehension,isfrcm the fact that three of the lead- iug governments, are eager to mono- polize the lion's share of the spoil; but all anxieties on this subject must give pljace to the feelings inspired by the cruelties perpetra- ted on the Christian population of Syria, and the knowledge of the utter inability of the Porte to check the fanaticism which induces its subordi- nates to openly connive at these barbaritljes.The time has arrived when the jealousies of the European governments can no longer be permitted to perpetuate a state of things tvhich (cor-sfitutes a standing reproach to the Christian world. It is all very well to uphold^the rights of sovereign States when their governments show themselves willing to Conform to those general principles of policy which form a safe- guard against revolution or fanatical excesses.c a Dwhat way u'e pleases, and allow them to takequette, K°dance with the ladies just innthands,orinwhateverwaywillbemostgratify- oftheCorporation.him by the n joa^* or left hand, or bothing to him and thekU. He will thus learn theThis will be the shortest and easiest mode ofto give a loose rein to the abandon of his na-ture, and develope his true character. He has dence warra^s such a course.call| the visit of the big ship to Southern waters,neighboring points, and on Saturday last onetrain of cars on the Norfolk and Petersburgroad actually carried 850 people-a rare occur1- was only 3.7C3.512 cwt , of which from t.; •s\I860,14,64*11? loj . while ti.ring the corre*p<wdu:g \>t. ..° the m.; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 