 ^sllL*£*«"•*** own,h« oe«3SK1be- *»TaKn% *"* * * writers have brokenm upontherelationsofpeaceandcommercesohappilyexisting betweenthe1twocountries.That 'lately the plenipotentiaries of both countries have negotiated arid concluded a treaty. -caeesofslaveholdingareabsolutelysinful,butth^ybecomesounless.theearliestopportunityistakentoemancipate the person held in bondage. The reportsoys that since Slavery is condemned by the true doc-trines of "the church, as is generally admitted, thereshould be-no objection to an official declaration of tho where, without infringing on the rights orreligi us prominence in Nev;~York 7 and suggested also that K r—TheDcmoeTM «eces<«Ton at Chij :i written aiictter jr. fully surtdainijng ; generally, and enj them Sbw). :On |rh-enterprise of the Japanescnre the exact antitheses of Chinese degradation, stolidity, filth and sluggishness. To hint at a possible resemblance between the nations is to give a Japanese his severest pride-wound.The Japanese are generally smaller than the average of our people, but often stronger in proportion to theirsize.*Last Saturday, when the Philadelphia lay at Ports- mouth, no thought of any matter apart from the Japanese posseted the slightest interest. The attrac-I give you a cordial welcome as representatives of his Imperial Majesty,:, the Tycoon of Japan, to the American Government. We ar^ all much gratified Unit the first embassy which your great Empire has ever accredited to any foreign Powin-, has been sent to the United States. I trust that this will be the harbinger of perpetual peace and friendship be- tween the two countries. The treaty of commerce, whose ratification yon arc about to exchange with the^ e d s h a v i n gfreer/than last evening, about the ©orrdors and * £ to faB about after the American fashion, couldftgb.wtiw1iKnt.Tte7,too, havewandered leesfor iomoand.suffered$9*-- itafcdteation of their own. Left to themselves, th**^ the eailors on board the Koanoke. •• •• • would continually see* communication with a l l a r ^ ^ In other respects, the difterences between the. Chi- h£&jmi But the United States Commissioner 6 have nese and Japanese are more striking. They have, in- etxeked their roving di*r**ition^ with the ^ ^ i t deed, the same refigion-^although the primitive rc^»*aid, of carrying out the necessary ^jrangeiuents ligioii of Japan is elsewhere unknown, Buddhism,Henceforth he hopes that the friendly relation shall fact in the general rule; and concludes with reeom- Douglas might ha put forward for the Presidency b»be held more and more lasting, and will be very happy mending.a change, of the present rule, so that it shall views of any of our fellow passengers, we have b en the Convention shortly to assemble in the citv of hi.to have your friendly feeling. . .:. >. ..;.:, read as follows: , „ » ^„ enabled to hold, on the bosom of the mighty ocean a residence." * J "**, ' Judgeti NiaWt andfor the Presidential receptions, and o^xer. impending I pobKc demonstrations. Certain insjarotable causes of :detentionlaveso"deferredthese events that no de-which is al«o the Chinese faith, having been intro- duced only in the sixth century—and to a certain de- greethesamehabitsandwaysoflife. But theforms of Government, the character of the people, and thein session at Buffalo has reversed the decision of the stantJy remembered. W e have oflered prayer contin- % North Ohio Conference, expelling the Rev. Alpha3*0 ftnite idea as tothc time oi their occurrence seem* to exist. The interview with the President, originally jbcedfarto-day,wasafterwardbiidover until Wed- nesday, then aligned for Thursday, and now"•terfa in come danger of still further postponement. JL primal cause of delay was the uncertainty of the pretise'rank and embassadorial powers held by the Commissioners, It was considered necessary that thismost important of their customs, are wholly different. panese interpreter, and the latter communicating.with 'dceire to continue among us to " do no harm," and to avoiduallyinyourbehalf,that you,maybepreservedamid the perils of the deep, that you may be abundantly prospered as commander of this noble steamer and! in all your temporal interests, that you may have grace to serve God acceptably all the days of your life, andWright,andhasrestoredhimtAhisformer positionin the church. %—AParisjournaleaystbat a Yankee wa*politely; invited by a Chinese merchant to mal« him a visit at his house, and that the Oriental host overwhelmed h'19*houM be determined, in order that the general Diplo- matic Corps might not be taken unawares, and commit themselves by too speedy recognition of the new vis- •X •itor*. The matter appears to be simple. The Commis- sooners are unquestionably of the highest rank that •could have been delegated for the mission upon which*h«y come by the Tycoon of Japan. Embassadorial jeank, however, depends upon the extent of the powers• .. JAP ANESE CURIOSITIES.Hue de la. Monnaie, Paris, not long ago went toj acabaret to drink, and in that agreeable occupation th pyallowed time;to slip away unperceived. At length 3 But one day the Yankee, having picked up a rud£,--%•>- -o'clock struck, and they hurried to their restaurantlto inentary knowledge of the Chinese tongue, stopped,,vA JAPANESE EVRKIK<;. , Ja.»vc*--««k t,g*jjjg W'.«N— .vi-.h theiin * v — » f x < l > t | i n i - . » i f » - . » ^ > f <.,-*.fcJiL—>n%*».T • • ' * * f..tf^^Ytfriii*??*.?!**^-*Htr*im*4rf*ua deep tawny\.Jkvfo ,!nr>fc the hands of those:?naae«us- tomed to.toil}:"^'jM^^]|j^.|^vd^lieat9- as.thopeofPERSONAL. •::American ladies.is perfectly fair*Wherever their skin is protected, H... A B fcr tbe-poculiarlty of, egressionasfollor^PL* Uajesty, the Tycoon, haa commanded us that we••fehelave thehif/' asHiswelllniown that;a.person can- not be bought and sold until ho. has been reduced to—Capt. Joseph ComstocTk, the popular eommancierof the steamer .Adriatic,has received a letter of thanks The Grand Jury have found n o bill against him, andfwhich marks, ^ o e t ^ their faces, it appears to Wc a Qf b v•«* \teeirsingularmethodofdressingthehair.0n<! or <wooftheEmbassador'sattendant*whohadn c ] «Now, Ihe has ordered us to exchange the ratification ^ttghtbetaloone* Thia, however/ arise* from no *ot, excepting by their drees, be distinguished from of the treaty in your principal City oi Washington.—A correspondent (•an Eastern paper, writing from Montreal,givesanillustrationoftheprevailingigoor*during the long detention claimed special regard, from the- happy auspices under which it has been •oniided to Embassadors. In this case, these powers, excepting a rare and valuable collection of Japanese negotiated and ratified. I rejoice that you are pleaseda most •righteous .work-at the South; quotes the in-struction of Mr. Wesley to the Missionaries inJamaica directing them not to interfere with thecivil condition of the slaves; asserts that the-posi-inscription over the door, which he found to run as much progress in his work, and he cried, " Make haste, folllows: . \!,'with thelkind treatment which you have received on curiosities, brought to this country by Mr. Kobert board of |our vessels of war while on your passage to are not authorised to alter in any way the provisions Danby, ah engineer of the United States Navy, who this country. You shall be sent backl in the same man-•f the treaty as it now stands, but are merely directed •to complete its ratification. They are permi ;ted to act More fully in another matter—that relating to the res- toration of their countrymen who may he reafter be •hip-wrecked on our shores. It iS possible that the Diplomatic Corps: may emulate Japanese Ireticence, mod hold aloof from the strangers, in which event they -will simply lose some very valuable as well a s strangeand interesting experiences.upon their real course of American life.jewelers can show; tables of lacquered wood, combining taents. Their first important movement, after taking much beauty with varied utility, altogether too unlim- occupation yesterday, was to signalize their satisfac- ited for ready remembrance; porcelain-ware of airyold fellow—it is getting late 1" but at the same tiijie the other fell, bathed in blood, and exclaimed faintljy," Here will be seen a real live North American; a species of creature rare in this country. Admission 2do not appear to be very great. The Japanese princes.In-what way the Japanese will be entertained, and-when the entertainments will begin, it is not yet possi- mostly articles of mechanical interest, all of which, ble to say. Their visit is to be .so brief it seems a pity however, display also in their manufacture a veiy good that these long delays must interpose before they enter degree of artistic elegance. Fans of exquisite delicacyThey are now quite snugly established in tiicir apart-and their relative official positions were briefly ex- plained.1LieutL-Gen. Scott was next introduced, and they—At the late term of the Scott County (Mies.) Court, Matthew Jordan was found guilty of betting a dime with a minor, and was sentenced to pay a fine of &J00, and to be confined in the County Jail for three months. He did not know that the youth waa a minor; had hedays,theirNew-York to Liyerpool, for having mado ample ar- ance concerning American politics; he says:The dignity,sensitiveness,••intelligence,neatness and theprincipalEnvoy:'"evilofeverykind." WethereforeafTectionutelyadmonishall the prenceers uud people to keep themselves free from this great evil,andtoseekitsextirpationbyalllawfulandChristianmeans.]W e understand that the Committee stood 30 to 17 in favor ofthe majority report. .:_• -<Secretary of State, cannot fail to be productive of bene- fits and blessings to the people both of Japan and the United States. I can say for myself, and promise for my successors, that it shall be carried into execution in a faithful and friendly spirit, so as £0 secure to both tions of Koriolk were held out in vain, and nothing countries all the advantages they may justly expectsequlons, and admiring Chinamen, till Brother Jona» than began to be abashed by the homage he received.the <wH Territories^ the Naj forever the agitaij embody the prirniv! the party beonitei tiom'1 . . . .«• t Democracy again I •une<pxrvocally;~~ and xight of proteeth>.ij jnentafofthe 0<>\<rt lave .great hope." ci Bsdtiinore Convei t justice, give the hpi preserve thoee St^d that muBthand \\\>-a• first visited the" Kingdom .of the Rising Sun underCommodore Perry, and who, in a subsequent.expe- among us, which I hope may be prolonged, so as totion assumed by the majority of the Commit-tee has been inconsiderably and hastily taken; had stabbed himself with a knife in the abdomen. ICewho knew no word of our language at the time he properly prepared, it* so hard that it can only bedition, enjoyed additional opportunities for gathering memorials of the skill and ingenuity of the people^ Mr. Danby was the engineer who laid the first railroad in Japan, and'introduced, the steam-engine to the natives —an invention at that time far surpassing any achieve- ment of their own, and welcomed by them •withThe Cabinet officers were presented in the following in form and construction, rivaling the costliest that our order: Cobb, Floyd, Toucey, Thompson, Holt, Black,/States that the returns from the vote of the annual Conferences does not indicate their Dereference for any particular change of the rule; declares that the action recommended by the majority is the most objectionable of all the propositions which have been submitted; assumes that its adoption will be most disastrous to the interests of the Church in the present state of political excitement, and will expose the ministers and their families in the border Conferences to privation and peril; insists that it will, compel a reconstruction of the whole workfboth at the South and on the Pacific Coast; and concludes by recommending an official declaration on the part of the General Conference re- affirming the Anti-Slavery position of the Church, and that the Committee on Pastoral Address be instructed to state this position to all the Churches, and to give such counsel as they may deem advisable.was taken to the Hotel Hieu, and there repeated th it he had designedly attempted to kill himself because lie eaw that he could not get his dinners ready in tin a Shortly after, he expired.delight.In the selection of his Japanese souvenirs, he soughtMadame Rothschild retorted by a slap or scratch on. the face of her antagonist.. As Madame Rothschild is always very elegant, besides being an orthodox Hebrew, the epithet cochon was especially offensive, to her.tion by watery celebrations. It is estimated that the lightness, yet needing no tenderness of treatment for warmly greeted him, being evidently delighted with 1QUARANTINE. Tfi the Editor of The Jff. Y. Tribune.known this fact, still betting, he would have gone to the Penitent iary for two years.his fine commanding appearance, and in view of his public position. .fettadnesa proceedings have all been after their own de- and taste, are brought together in such profusion and to introduce him, but he was absent. "ends, no one appearing to assume any responsibility sires. They have written many dispatches jtosend by , variety as to present the linest display of Japanese 1 Speaker Pennington, as Speaker of the House, was "for their management, or to acknowledge a duty toamount of bathing done in a given time was greaterthan ever before known in this region. To-day, again,there is bathing, not occasional, but incessant. Their and other characteristic productions of their ingenuity General Cass asked for Vice-President Breckinridge 11 Our Quarantine affairs are just now at very; looseits preservation, and covered with brilliant and fanciful adornments, dressing-cases, perfume-boxes, tops, dolls,SIB: In your issue of yesterday yjou remark thatthe first opportunity to their Government at home. curiosities in this country. « . . , . : • then introduced to the distinguished visitors.Upon •these they have labored the greater part of the Most interesting of all was the lacquer-ware—boxes, • The! Japanese again repeated their profound bows, day. Some of the party have been studying English, cups, plates, baskets, &.c, covered with that delicate when the impressive scene closed. . . .;The forowd slowly dispersed." enforce the Health laws' of the port.". Permit me toinform the public that the same regulations for prevent,ing the introduction of disease,'the 'same facilities forthe purification of vessels, and tlie same accommodations for the comfort and restoration of the sick exist atthe present time that were found to be efficient and ac-ceptable during the last summer. Those suffering from man darted into a jcoflee-house and disappeared. small pox; or more ordinary forms of disease, are dis-Stud make greater progress than can easily be under- but very durable polish, the knowledge and applica-stood, considering their disadvantages. One officer, tion of which belongs to Japan. This lacquer, when trousers ' that thev would look better with hoops.''ThejJapancse returned to their hotel in the same or- difficulty. Those among them who as yet lave a very by the hottest fluids. The luster is like that of a mir- der in which they went to the President's house, evi-started from Yeddo, now converses without serious scratched by the sharpest instruments, and is Uninjuredimperfect knowledge of English, use many abbrevia- ror. TJie Japanese tops, of which Mr. Danby-has 40 dently [delighted with the imposing proceedings.posed of precisely as they then wore, ;<ind, for the vic^ tims of yellow fever, the Floating Hospital, which proved ...then so successful an experiment, affords, an • appropriate and comfortable.retreat; . . *• ••.1—Mr. Frederick Bridges, a phrenologist of Li veilpool, having examined the bumps of Tom Sayers, d<|scribes' the same as follows:" His temperament shows a close, compact, denfully. vention was severely•jnination manifested t agreed ]that if the C conservative candioat Lincoln, the beet e<"ir10 indorse them; but ination. then they wui ion. The Suite Ci ioi a aiH in a few da; j , State Convention, pr fcefore the end of tbci for the Union party t<—A meeting to su'st gation was held in Me- U'he following was the4, "The undersigned,-; pressed with -tn« ne^ tJnion the Constitutioi»s tbe only SiifeguarJ- federacylmvite their/ them at a mass mout JIall, on^Saturday, tui fueUiining the Lou>tai ton Convention iu thei und honor of the sluvdl of a sectional majority, for mere temporary -InGeneral Miles, tb«^ Li the meeting, whieh .yjj delegatesfrom Louisi Contention at Charles) their rights, and wiie tain them,' they pro; er importanit.resolutioi^ a"That the Constitu; 0. draws nb distinction 1.<cies of property, atd 3ment, in all its depar;CK to the eame extt-ii' th the Territories of the L"That the" deleurat Cliarleston Conyciuioi <iefendera of theyor.c" .i>States,, and deserve.. .1 refusal to accept tern principles, involv;n_- tl tiona." .They then resolved EougCf. State Convent a parsued by the State in—The Inipendcn t, ; dency, says that *'. the to would put hi Tc/trs," The disgrace hitare has heaped up/a t'Yor-eetimated.. •'.MAR£hTHK It Yestei-day afteruo. n. Hudson Navy took piafoot of Christopher pome eighty member^ Clubs: Tho Atalau Eagle, and Niamata Clubs are, the Atalun Aurora, 6 oars; W.':i« Eagle, 6 oars; Vol..at Linta, 4 oars; 'Nawai oais. The fleet (vrae u doro Charles E. Tuthi Vice-Commodore. Th< 3Brady, Secretary; and.' A t o o'clock the boats appearance on the river »ome of them Inxnrioa ducy.xl by tho variety In the'breeze, and th** u. for awhile, was iuspiri fcerofinvitedguesus. Whom accommcKus?-. u pmall projwller Govof the Navy had ehaj ©'clock the ladies and> the boats! were 001:ah Hoene then took J»IH< / i »u Barclay street. M«M the middle of the si1 a J'oats soon returned. .'iU< «tf the gen lemen on '«*e of handkerchief^tions, but are by no means unsound on points of gram- mar.1For their food, the Japanese have yet to rely .uponIt should be in the above stated that the Japanese did not present a uniform appearance in their costume, which,raftered according to then* respective ranks orillustrated. Tdifferent vareties, each showing some novel capacity, are admirably made. They develop, after starting upon their.rotations, unexpected proportions; or theyIt is'true that the Legislature neglected to make any specific appropriation to meet the incidental expenses of the Quarantine, and, al«o, that;there i« a difference of opinion between the Commissioners for the removal of Quarantine and the Commisioners of Emigration as to their respective dhliee. But I beg! to "assure the public that, fully appreciating the responsibility, of m y position, I shall not permit either the " want of funds," or any " question of etiquette," to prevent the prompt and faithful discharge of the duty incumbent upon rafi.'ljut shall make:whalevcr j\v'ovision may he requisitetongh, enduring, jdastic organization; no way bulky!but indicating that compactness and texture of musclf;which so distinguish the fine compact muscle of the Dumas expects to write and print two volumes perAmerican cooks, their own culinary arrangements not multiply into a fraternity of tops; or a flourishing top posiiioijis.having been put in order. They.eat. little teside rice family, small and frisky, springs suddenly from a sage and oyster soup. Their dissipations in tie way of and matronly spinner. Some tops give out the queerestmonth.—Nalle, the fugitive slave lately arrested and rescuedchampagne ana confectionery on board the Philadel-phia, were rather excessive for their simjle habits, some expand into fanciful and symmetrical forms,whkh thev now resume with surer confidence of wholly at variance with the popular idea of top«. •«health.Another curious possession of Mr. Danby is a col- Lx>*»<m of dolls, representing the vari<»»a "«**" *p "" childhood to lrmnWcrtf. T h e s e served to explain, in a• From Tlie K. (). PIV/MU«—, Jx-y»o.I5y the ling.Kalmm Stetson, Capt. Trcnis, which to insure the publie health and guarantee" the safety ofand keen, but there is nothing of the mental.expressionin his face. The formation of his head is strikingly , —Mr: Williamson, while riding near Petersburg, marked. It is nai-row in the regions of the reflective Va., was accoBted by a woman who appeared weary faculties and ideality, and gradually goes wider backs- and asked a ride. , He complied; she handed up a ward to combativincss, ana rises high in the region offirmness, self-esteem, and lovf* of u.pm-ubu.iiou. la*deed, his very large combativeness, self-esteem, lov| ing he saw masculine indications, he dropped his whip of approbation, and firmness, give pluck aud bull-dog* and asked her to pick it up, and then quickly started courage, and the ambition to. be the most distinguishedin the display of those qualities. The peculiar courage:displayed by Sayers appears to be mueh admired byj knife. Mr. W . had a large sum of money with him. persons in all ranks of life, but a moment's reflection1will show that the courage he manifested in the latojfight was nothing more than the same kind of pluckl. _ T)v»•0- jpoices, and the corridors are filled with their fancifully- new way,'the Japanese custom of arranging. the hair.pleat*antarrived; at this port yesterday, w e have advices from TanipicoAo the 6th inet. The news is highly im- portant!. On the '33d ult. was fought, at the Kanchoour citizens. •• . ~h •You sav that " the yellow fever is raging in Cuba, " and further South." On the contrary!, we have beennoises, some dance along upon strings in the air, andIMPORTANT BATTLE—VICTORY OF.THE LIBERALS1—GREAT SLAUGHTER- CAPTURE OF GEN. LAVEGA, AND MORE THAN 1,000 PRISONERS..«fc»d forms, flitting restlessly about from <Jm>fhnit to Wftii boy« the hair is shaved off the top of the head,the otf.er of tl»eir abiding-place. Beyond these bound- from infancy, leaving only the narrow rim around the del Chiiao, State of San Luis Potosi, a genera] engage- receiving up .to the present time clean bills.of healtharies are gathered throngs of gazers, feasting- their sides and hack. Until the age of fourteen it is peras al^o at Jiio, Santos, and Bahia, tbe feiver exists only •eager eye*, aud miirmnring ineffectual invitations to nutted to grow loosely, and is then gathered up in the armyj qommanded by Gen. lionmlo de la Vega, and to a moderate extent. Xo vessel arriving from any ofis horses. The basket contained pistols and a lwwiethe secluded one* to come forth; for during the entire manner described in a- previous letter, which is ad<Jay, the hotel bun not been gladdened by the expected bered to through life. With girls the hair is suffered portion-jof his aj-my made prisoners. Also were cap-, As to the recent death at the Hospital, the ajmple difluxion of the dark-skiinied strangers. Within their through childhood, to grow in five locks, one over the ture'd *eighteen pieces or artillery, thirty ordnance facts are these: the North Star an-i\]ed from Aspm-—The marriage settlement of La Fontaine has just been discovered in a notary's office at La Fertc-Milon, and courage which is displayed by the bull-dog andj (Aisne). This document shows that he was son of game-cock." . "V. ' ° *. / •'.'• Charles L a Fontaine, Captaine des Cliasses and Super-rooms, the Japanese pursue their easy avocations, a middle of the forehead, one each side of the head, just •wagons a large quantity of ammunition, provisions, wall (a perfectly healihy port) early on Saturday ' few writing, a. few sketching, manysmokii ig, and all above the ear, one, larger than the rest, upon the stores, and baggage of every description. In fact, to morning. The Surgeon reported two deaths duringThe interpreter translates all that has heL .-aid in I head. The hair consequently grows very rapidly anda well contested engagement of four hours and a halt, the last live nipnths somewhere upon the Isthmus, ana by a stunning sensation in her head. On examination' father 20,000 francs, and from her mother, 10,000 francs,one-third of the time of its first utterance, and delivers The brief answer, after which the orator retires, feeling himselfabetterandwisermanforthiscommunion,and speculating upon tlie probable impression hi* majesticthickly. Some of Mr. Danby's illustrated works re- vealed a higher artistic power than tlie Japanese are usuallycreditedwith.Theycontainpicturesfarabovemore than a thousand prisoners fell into the hands of the'victorious army.being in destitute circumstances, worked his passage to this city. When he arrived he appeared to be in good- health. While at work oleahing the deck of the ves- selhesuddenlycomplainedofbeingTjmwclh,andbe- con.iing.rapidly worse, was sent to a l)6urding-house inshe found herself shot in the jaw, and the bed clothes and that La Fontaine, at the time of the marriage pos- on fire. The fire was soon extinguished, and a physi- sessed some real property coming from his mother, a cian was called,whoextracted a ball from thej placeinthe Departmentof Forests,'andasumof wound, which was found not'to be dangerous. Foot-, 10,000 francs. The settlement stipulated that 10,000tfcatting briskly, and puffing brief pipes, or drinking- Jbira at I'ami ma. •This evening.a Committee of the House of Repre- This invalid, unlike any of his- compaiuoiss, displays sentatives visited the Embassy, and invited the attend-A. N. GUNN, M. D.,, Health Officer.Concord, N. If., one in. Dauvers, Mass. and one in ." LORD CHAMBERT.AIN]SOFFICE, April 28. -\ Qroveland.diately ;ifer the capture of that citv. They eame up a beard of many days' growth, und hair unslutven— ance of the Embassy at tlie Capitol. The Chief Com- with thd enemy at the Hacienda de Espiritu Santo, on; the privilege, no doubt, of his infirm" condition. In mi?sion replied that he, with his associates, would be the 21st.,' but not being ready to give battle, moreover,' the open halls, knots of strollers assemble, aud make well pleased to come, and took opportunity to make a expecting reinforcements, they subsequently fell back,Quarantine, May 17, 1860.- . ' . ' * • •"Notice is hereby given, that the presentation of —The Hon. Greene C. Bronson, writes to The Nctc- Mrs. Duncan Stewart, at Her; Majesty's Drawing-1'Room on Saturday, the 24th of March /last, took place York Observer to say that in moving the adjournmenta-emarks about the crowds beyond them, Which -theyJicre, having completed their arrangements, they again coveries have been made in this case. Hersey hasMrs. Stewart was presented by the Countess of tircly. on his own impulse, and without previous- Fife, but what has caused the above announcement is•; consultation with anv one.notknowH.would well like to join.and the subordinates salute him with a su< den-stoop, seating the hands upon the knees, aud drawjing breath quickly between their teeth—*m inseparable accom-paniment to their recognition of superiors. Now little "Tommy,'*the third interpreter, runs along,.greatly excited at a sudden freak of hix ga*, which he has W o w n out instead of shutting off, and which refuses.to fce relighted. ICow servants enter from thejir own de- partment to 'receive instructions, and wait innocently up and down without trowsers on, the waraith having"by the Government of the' United States.. - The visit to the Capitol will not take place for some days.[By Telegraph.]Now a lofty officer passes,been clearly identified as a person who purchased sixtythe same number in the rear, while the marines and induced a temporary renunciation of these garments— ordnas.ee men marched on each side Of the vehicles topassed their whole lives at BaVohne, and are still in full possession of their faculties.5ton Convention. He. expresses his gratitude to the Democracy of Louisiana for theii- support, and de- clare* that the honor conferred on him bythe.ex- preasion of opinion at the State Convention, will bewhich, indeed, are frequently not worn at all by the the music of the marine band.lower attendants. I The chief Prince was aratved in 11 rich brocade pur-—The CarWuhe journals of tlje 28th ult. state thatquarters at last accounts. The people, who the last ago, and who was engaged for marriage to Hersey, General de Renz, formerly commander of the gendar- for him and hit* children the proudest recollection oft o American beauty. Uj>on the hacks of eome'thev chin. They carried pikes- halbei>ds, and emblems ofcum stances of suffering, cause the darkest suspicions, tunate Bourfc'e speculations, has been-placed in an and unusually excite the people of Weymouth and its asylum.u* jreeord their admiratioa. hTow Tommy- j* moved to their iank. The inferior officers Were small hats, con-rush imjKftuously to hi»room, and to j»rodiice there-irom his own dngnerreoiyj*. taiten in San Krancisco, tied to the head by strings undertime chin.—The son of the unfortunate General Ortega,- afterhaving petitioned in vain for hiH father's life, hu« left t|pi.al rights." Of Douglas, he &ays:in which bin pleai*ant ieabuce^are iaifhfujlv enough re- produced, but which lack* the animation- thut always beanm from lu# coontenasca. A eo«rersati>n about the stereoK'opeMJjjtroiliiced, the officers intimating that n order to «irry back with th«.-m to Japau th 5 bcrst ro-snembrances of s«eh K-enefa* ^hall j.leaw them, ther^wai avail iEhfinse]^ of this invention. AxThe prominent points were occupied by anxious Commander-in-Chief, was on the way to San Luis, to the p d inst. The following*rather singular card is Spain for. Borne, to take service under General Lamori- *" I do not l<>ok forward to the nomination of Judget grows r, a portion of the Japanese s/gnfrV tlieir intentionJa[)anese to visit that city.Contrary to the -programme; aud expectation, 1herewas ahirgeattendanceof ladieswhoaccompanied the members of Congress ^ind others holding prominentammunition for the vigorous campaign already opened so auspicioMsly.They bear no close physieai te*emblaiu& toan r0 t ber xiadon. From the Chinese, with whom tlu3y haVe fr<* Soently l^een mxppof^d to be affiliated, tl«;y &K as di*east side, facing to the westSecretary Cass retired to the &.*ijfce*foom; and re-the ride baa -pad as ix vxmtti at preseul, no one kuow- one rod at each turn, making the whole distance which ingliowvth* "or", ca»m to be substituted by ^and " Home paris of the iron have traveled while in the latheTlie report il en allude* to the AnU-Slavery characteraxidjthat, they said, was sound enough for amy Uuion! tiuet in appearance as in intolkct The Chinebe are attendants, who made several .profound boWtf as they * heavy in countenanec md yellow in completion-—many of- tty} Western Bi&tefi would never have beenkJapaaese"have bright, clear faces, and are liten lly, in »anycases,,aswhiteaswe. Exposuretotlesun id»ey seldom wear hats) gives their cheeks an<i browboxes, one within another, and produced ters,wluVbwerehanded\othePresident to Gen. Castf.Elizabeth, N . J . Thei'will come out about rheij25ih took up the subject where Mr. Whitfoinoreleft it and of May. They open a toenthing hole near half an imdi concluded the discourse.editors for criticising his Administration, and to de- incetlieCovodeCommittee,anditisanticipated he. will felicitate tho Orientals upon the iact that Ivihave uo impudent and mquiring newspapers innew acknowledgment of the courtesies shown them by a flank movement, to the Hacienda del Corso.THE WXYMOUTU TUAGKDY.—-Some iimportant dis- through inadvertence." • !••''.•/ at the recent meeting of the Tract Society, he acted en-spectators, and th-.: streets were crowded, multitudes . take the command in poison.published in 1lie Boston papers:T<» A ('AKDip ANI) DISCRIMINATING C\ BM'C:~Wlrareo*. many J.-INI;'»i.rt imjiiatftinblti reports are in circulation inWVymouth lOidttiUBlium coiu-oniuifj tlie late d«fveiopuieut», tho Huhs.-riber.believe he in guilty,,and wo nre not without hope. Weeutrentciere.—The people of Haverhill, Mass., have for the past few days been much' excited concerning a mysterious death of a young lady there, and the secret session of a Coroner's Jury. It is whispered, that some great crime has been committed.—The Be v. Bell Drake, .D. ik, one of the oldest Methodistministersin Mississippi died on Monday, the7thiust.,.at his residence, Magnolia Springs, Jef-ferson County. .—TJtcAtlanta- (Ga.)Confederacyouglas as a probable or even possible event, as it can ily be made in opposition to the almost unanimous ntiment of the South."The Washington correspondent of The Boston. rarel/er says, on tho authority of a relative of Mr.forett, that he will not accept the Baltimore nomimv- •fifm.following to tljeiBresident's hoasc.Mefl£v?hile, hi, the East Koom Jiad assembled a bril-Amongjhc passengers by the Stetson are Major John Fisher of the Fourth Artillery, and Capt. J'e'suade la Garza, of the Tamaulipa's Cavalry, and acting adjutant of the coi iinamier.-in-chief's Sta'lf. Their speci:il mis-Ji.tliant company, among whom were tlie New-YorkMunicipal Committee, who came hitlier to invite the sion, we uiulerstand to be, the purchase of anus andTheinterestwasIntense,.andthe usual stir churae- tcri^ed the preliminary' pr«reedUy?s.isnotinvibrationof.this.rule. Thewellknown opiu- W«ftiey on this subject are alluded to yjukdiameter. It,islarge1,enough,(0hold sixteenbushels' and a stout, broad-shouldered man may easily enter it''lateX»»egood rn^Ut in uttered idI t i a m i n to V«>k for indications of religions observ-ance, for none steh ar<-.performed before stran <e eyes, afthougJi .erideiic*. appear of devotion to mm, of'tbe least agreeable prhvcipl^ <rf Oriental faith. Toward 10 o clock theoflieer/^ty rvtir4,f ullhou},h „o m | f(nv«main*M-ake and ac:*v<> ull after midnight. Al la»t : J t a ^ l t o ^ fe do^d, thelight,vari.h one by am{.and presentlytheJapjn^Hrsettlementi-|hroud-«d m silent ditrkm^stf.AFPUAHA.SCZ i>V TME /APAXKSK.The myntery of the origin of the JA»|)«ne*e people i. President of the United Stated .esjfcercd, accompanied«ot to be m my way elueidated by the.tr appearance. by the Cabinet officers. They .tooi position on the of slaves, isjiet forth at length, pj-om 18()8 until now some pnrtH of its exterior surface moved a distance ofofwithdrawing. OQBKS.; F-Themleiing held in that city ou Monday evening:.•$j I' A multitudinous meeting was held in Monument M«are, last evening, to ratify the nominations of the tym. Convention for President and Vice-President, the pafticulars pf which are given in our local column.tht-irMepublictoBuHpeiidtheirjudgment,-unciwhiloweadvocatethe THE fyE TIIOD1S TS AND 'SLA VER Y. Htippoftod lunoceuceof this iinfortunuto man, wewholly deny thoBaltimorePatriotsays of the ratificationpublic poaJO'ons. rThe navy officer's formed in line in the Eawt Itoom, t their rcpoi N to the General Conference, now in sessionprctfiuaent a « o n g whom .was Capt. Tatnali, while the army officers fonnod another line, Lieut.-Gen. Seott : biding prominent^ together with his staff. jinBuffido.j Tworeportsweremade;thatofthema- jority .Wicipitulates the biblical .arguments' against »Skvery,,a.*lil places itschief reliance upon the declara- tion contaijj*-d in the Golden Rule, as embodying all the01 ihhlion[crime.6011th Uuxjham, May 15, 1800.KLIJAHVmiTOH..laauthorized tostate that there is a man now living in Atlanta, who |rl|e speaking waai quite animated, and a large degreeturned with the Japanese Commissfcmer* and their of thechur^vand deewwes'that but for"this influencemore iban 200-miles.SKVTX9-TXXN-Y«AK Loct/.sTs.—Mr.' G. H. Webb ofto be used foriiamed Navy Bayexorcises >et downncross; VHWS, sjdpVeigh; oturs aci>'*>"weigh, stern all; o,aix-ak,let"fall,anlanded its {fair pa.->t*.'feet out. Tho fleet vWmmmmmiI860.:• '.•«^i* i,.V: -The P r i n c r ^ Japanese then addroeeedtho President; w h k h have heen ^\ the inconeistency of the phrase "with thein^ution to!: ''"S'^^ ->.--t,•'•;: ' •••••-[•'I ~,their cojantry, ai.< Corode.gians, have writte demmngthem and Again, at a Denw on Saturday nigbt. A similar meeting ^amenightwith t\ opinions, wc-have a mat* meeting h themandpaHse<la senfed at the'Balii— The liichmoi of tbe'Sodtb to K in the Territories Sonthem States ca carry out the &•/! Court has decidedprotecting—atr. B . F . Bm!> 6tituent« on Wednee Btewardship as a c loved Mr. Dougla.-. jnore, and that'-s;..o vinc*d that Mr. D Bhould then give hiTally enough, all or" jnen, were enraged; succeed, in passing a-v' '''>fftpectftufyexpre«s'to his Majesty, the President of Slavery. The sinfulness of Slavery, as declared by thethe United States; in his name, as follows; prcBcnt rule, consists in the holding and using of the Dcsir ng to establish on a firm and lasting foundation pereon held as a slave. It is not contended tha; allfrcm the Rev. Dr. If array a^d some thirty other o W - gjmen and members of evangelical churches, who 'werepassengersontherecent'tripofthatsteamerfr>mhe has been discharged, •That you have brought us to the .United States, and • ••The bnyiug, or oellbig, or hoWing of men, women,,or chil- daily noon-day prayer meeting, such as many of ns —A letter from the Rev. Samuel C. Church, of thewill send us back to Japan in your man-of-war.'. Having delivered their message, they retired, bow- ing'to the President and Cabinet repeatedly, in leavingdren, with the intention to wo th«m a« «lave*." ''; The report also recommends the .suspension of one 4th restrictive rule, and the insertion in the chapter inregard to Slavery of tbe following clause:Stiikc ont allin tho chapter on Slavery of or the word's " oyil "of Slavery," and insert tho following: [We behove that tho buying,«-Mng,orholdingofhumanhehigflOHchattelsIKcontrary to the Jaws of God and nature, inconBistent with tho Oolden Bale,' aud with that rule of our discipline^which requires all whohave been accustomed to enjoy on the land, and in 1 ur, GenesHce Conference of the Methodist Episcopal respective places of abode. In these meetings, we ire Church, informs ns that the General Conference nowtheir presence. ingprofoundlyasbefore,whenthePresidentaddressed them as follows, Mr. Portman interpreting' to the Ja-They soon, however, returned, bow-ner to your native land under j'thej protection of theAmerican flag.* Meanwhile, during your residenceenable you to visit the different portions of our country,1we shall be happy to extend to you 'all the hospitalityand kindness eminently due to the (great and friendly sovereign whom you so worthily represent.The President handed them a copy of his address, and then shook hands with them.The subordinate Japanese officers were! also* brought in and introduced.Capt.]!Duponl was prominent in thie part of the ceremony. - • . .,••"'•—Catharine Giriffen was shot in New-Orleans | n tbe Embassadress dropped the word cochon (swine),Ceni Cass privately said, referring to their ampleman who had pitched her into the gutter. That tl| man no sooner saw the mud spatter over his coat thaj he put his hand around, audi drawing a. pistol, fired s her sister, tho ball taking effect in her stomach. Th—The kite Clarke Gaytou Pick man, who died in- Boston last Friday,/ at the' age of (39, bequeathed a • large and valuable private library to Harvard College.—Alexander Dumas has left Paris, at last accounts, for Marseilles, to start on his voyage on his little steam-yacht Monte Cxisto. He takes with him five companions, one a profensed photographer,.three com- positors, a pressman and a press; so that the records of his voyages will be printed almost as fast as they are written. The trip will last fifteen months, and M.FROMMEXICO.race-horse from that of the draught horse. Indeed^his physiological characteristics show mingled vivacity-and capability for'bontinued exertion. His complexionis very uncommon, except among the gipseys—it is a at Troy, has been purchased for $650. He will now kind of red-olive color. The expression of his fea- return from Canada and resume his situation in'the tures is lively, showing animal vivacity; the eye quickplace from which-he was forced to flee.ment hetweh the Second Corps of the Reactionaryfrom every pott north of Pernambueo. lit which place,the Liberal forces, under Gen. Uraga, in which the these ports' is allowed to.pass the Quarantine without former were utterly routed, and Gen. Vega and a large the exercise of the most vigilant care. 1the voyage—one from .consumption, and one from or-benignly smiling. The three Princes re-eive with crown, and one upon the back of tlie head. use'thejiwords of Gen. Uruga's report, "the.Second dinary bilious fever, and her passengers and crew all recently 'sleeping in her room, and about 11 o'clock in] and that his.wife was Marie Hericart, daughter of aaffability the thoo.«andth fomml and sonorous speech At fourteen these locks are gathered up, and thence- " Corps of the Keactionary array no longer exists." perfectly well. Shu reached her dork about 10 a. m.that has bes-et them. j . forward there is no more shaving, on any part of the To sav nothing of the losses on the battle-held, during fhe person whose death you report had been residing the evening was awakened by a strange noise, followed] Judge at LaFcrte Milon; that she received from he,rThis bralliant engagement took place about half way betweentheCitiesofZacatecasandSanLuisPotosi. Tbe Liberal forces engsiged wei-e the Brigade of Carva-the ordinary colored views which are common amongrhetoric must have made upon the Japaueal nobility. the people of the Embassy, and.which aro mainly of a jal, under the command of that officer, and the brigades Morris street, at which he remained without medical- steps were heard on the stairs as she awoke, but hoj ,! francs of the wife and 5,000 of the husband shouldofMorelia and Guanajuato, under the command of Cols. advice until Monday, p. m. A'physician was thenIn proximate rooms, the higher officers sit about, all character calculated to prevent their very wide circu- RegUles and Ahtillon. They numbered in all some called in, who, discovering that he was severely ill, di- certain clue has been obtained as to the perpetrator ofj form-the funds of what the French law calls thelation here. OIK? of Mr. Danby's pictures, represent- 3,000 to 4,000 men. rected his removal to the. Hospital, where he died one the horrible outrage. Her carriage driver, who had^ common property.. The marriage took place on the minute drafts of tea, which are made readyj for their ing a spirit rising from a-gra.ve, and floating mistily The reactionists engaged were the forces recently in hour after his admission. * been guil y of some misdemeanor, and had reason to be? 10th of November, 1647.wee in little enps, hot-water being always "jeady in a through the air, is full of imagination, and executed pos.session of San Luis, and numbered in all !s<*me 4,000 1 have yet to learn that this was a case of yellow expect pumshment, isi suspected, and has been lodged; —One Perkins, alias Frank Hays, alias Henrycopper vessel which rests upon a pan of lighted coal.In one apartment, the physicians minister to a patient tion if produced among us. w h o sutlers from the effects of a fever which assailedmen. They were supported by eighteen ])ieces of ar- fever—believing, from my investigation of the matter, in jail. tillery, and had tlie choice of.ground, for which purpose that it was rather an aggravated case oil Panama fever.with a skill that would be sufficient to give it distinc-Brown, wan arrestedthe other day in Groveland, Mas-they hadjsallicd forth from the city immediately upon But, be this as it may, it was purely an exceptional heaving of the advance of the enemy. case, such as will occur, iiotwithstand hg the utmost The Libeialists were at the time on the march from precaution; but which need not occasion the slightestZacateeis, which place they left on the 18th, imme- apprehension in the public mind.•—The following annourvennmt, hardly agreeable to eaehusetts, for having four wives now alive. TheyA minority report was presented by Mr. Coombe 01. remains for the righteous." • JPhiladelphia, and is of considerable length. It reviews the progress of the contest in the.Church from Uie com- mencement; replies to the various arguments adduced by"those in favor of the majority report; deprecates the useleps agitation of this subject among the non-slave- holding Conferences, as destructive ,of, the peace and harmony of the Church, and to its progress in the Southern States; eulogizes the conservatism of the border Conferences as opposed to the innovations de- manded by both extremes; claims that the presentsplendid sort of throne in his best room, and inviting a continual concourse of his friends to pay their re- on account of a culinary failure, has now a felloW. spects to the distinguished stranger. The houseTwo men employed as cooks in a restaurant of tjbo swarmed from morning till night with courteous ob*rule is already sufficiently expressive of the Anti- aerved, after a while, that his companion did not make Slavery doctrines of the Church, and is accomplishingtook iip the line of march, and finally came up with theenemy the second time, at the Rancno del Chino, whenthe engiMem'ent took place. The battle began at 9i in When making the purchase he stated to the clerk that the monmig, and lasted till 1J in the afternoon, whenthe lieactioiiists gave way and fled in every direction. he was the son of Mr. Tirrell of Weymouth, and that—A letter written by the Hon. John Slidell, to.the. aud the Naval Commission, left Willard's Hotel at captured||fien. La Vega himself, the General-in-Chief, had in charge the matter of discovering who bought cording to his certificate of baptism, which is un- Hon. Augustus Talbot, has been made public. It was about .11] o'clock this morning on their way to the Col. Calyo, his second in command, and a large number the poison visited nearly every shop in Boston, carry- doubtedly authentic, has completed his JOSth year, ' dated a month ago, and the purpose of the writer was President's house. They rode in open carriages. of other officers. The whole number of prisoners is ing with him a photograph of Hersey. The clerk re- while the woman is one year vounger. Both have to. formally forbid the use of his name at the Charles-WASHINGTON, Thursday, May 17, 1860.The Japanese Embassy, attended by their.officers, The rout Was complete, and the whole, of tlie enemy's he had recently lost a sister by death. The officer who new inmates, a man and his wife. The former, ac-»eotypes—the proce** of taking which, one of them has This sudden change in the fortunes of war hasdignitaries were in green of similar texture and fashion. breathed a new life into the hitherto desponding Lib- and that she had fallen a victim to the passion of theannounce also that Baron de Bli tersdorff, formerly atogether as one man, and inasmuch as the Northern •Democrats have uniformly said they would support •any candidate the South would with unanimity offer,and inasmuch as he himself could not so unite the De- Jmocracy, he withdraws and proposes to go iu for any 'Jbtern,. uncompromising supporter.of our coustitu-train fell into the hands of the Liberals. Also .wereTwenty-five uniformed policemen were in front, and stated tc be upward of 1,000. Of the killed and wounded ferred to recognized this immediately; and afterward, we we have"no estimate, though all the reports state itto have been very great on both sides. being taken to the jail in Dedham," he'pointed at once Immediately after this engagement. Gen. Uraga to the. prisoner, who was with several others. The marched Jon Sim. Luis Potosi, where were his head body of Mary Tirrell, who died suddenly four monthsple-silk sack, with ample over-hanging.sleeves and six months had -suffered exactions of every kind .re- hti» been exhumed, and an examination has been made. merie in the grand duchy'of Baden,. had blown out his their lives. He goes on to say thut, inasmuch as it is .A party of artist* -collect together, and view d;iguer- flowing trowsers of the same color. The other two ceived him with every demonstration of joyl It seemed clear from this that she died from poison, brains; but they do not say for what reason. They of vital importance for the Democratic party to standJearnedr and which all of them theoretically under- They woroeaps like ladies' inverted capes, fastened on eral armyj and already dispositions are being made* for man she was to marry. The deaths-of these two girls Cabinet Minister and Envoy of Baden in the Germanic , *tand—with passing observations raMtly coujiflimeutary the crown of the head by strings passing uudor the. a combined attack on the city of Mexico. To perfect and of his wife, all sudden, and all under similar cir-' Diet, having become insane iu consequence of unfor-War, in which oihYc: he promises a more vigorous cam- charging him with murder, and will be examined on paign. Alt last accounts, also, Gen. Degollado, thethese it is,;!mid a number of officers have gone on toVera Cnia, where Were Alatriste and Carvajal on the2d/for general consultation. In the meantime Gen.sisting of a round band, with triangular crowns, also Ampudiaj]hsi8 succeeded 1'arlearroyo as Minister of vicinity. Horsey has been arrested on a warrantto '»On Wedliesday the Committee on Slavery presentedimiair IiiterenroH which uonio pontonH hitve dmwn from micb ineuwH*. And the Mubucrtbor, for himself, hereby unetiuivo- i-ujiv coiilrmlietB tho uHfimiption, und tbe cou»euuent ropoi-tn. thuth*' or they now do or ever h«v«« entwrtidned, n« othorn have juiyHin.p1cH.11thatunyothernmnknowntoUHinthonorpctrntorBetween the**) linea was an open space about '25 law and tlui prophets. In the judgment of flhe Com-J fact wide, to be th*- sceue of tLe gi-and pi-esentatiom nutfeo theif' U not a single attribute of Slavery which was completeAdA oAn„ FV.r.1iAday,. 'PTIh.e.. 1 -:-Vkgrains'of strychnine at a druggist's shop in Boston.The great cannon which has been turning on iits lathewill fight the " Benecia Boy," for the sum of''ten .of enthusiasm prevailed, itiuidet the tiring of rockets, thousand dollars," the fight to come off during the pres- tfWj beating of drums, the plaving of martial music, thestreaming of banners, and.such kindred incidents. The tpjiost order was preserved. All seemed to agree mm thespeechof'Mr,Q.uarles,oneoTthepresenttnem- lw*i« of Congress from Tennessee, was dA^cidedlv tbe "The folding doois were upentd at noon, when the tbeM, E. (jjuirdi .m America since 1780, dedlaratorv different processes of boring, turning and planing, the Heenan not accept the pi-offered casion. Nearly allelic speechesmet the Slavery issue'three months, at the Fort.Pitt Foundry, Pitt*; ittsburgh,rangements for worship on Sunday, ami also for plac- ing at their disposal "one of the saloons of the si ip," A man w*// dressed, and apparently of high stand- ing, asked me if Mr. Seward v>ax not a man of torn*happy to say to you, dear sir, that you have been «m-" I have neglected my duty, and am dishonored!"Hegoingout."'• ***»yVT* >«tt •'" ' '• ^-*-*4'*)-'y—^''^vh-''-'n^'^'f^-''vi•mhestled the funds 6t Mn *ttmloyV W 'ti*"*m of his arrest he attempted to commit f<**«de by shootbg* Stnow seems that he was innoce^* °^ *h« crime charged.w<>Wfr ,;: tthat you may finally be made partaker of the rest %\at Occidental guest with hospitality, providing for him a'—The oldstory of the cook who committed suicjdeprepare the daily dinners. But one of the two ojb-on entering his friend's abode, to peruse a magaificet^Friday under peculiar circumstances. The pistol wfired by an unknown man, who had disappearedsister of the wounded woman, Biddy Mullen byrelated the course of the affair, from which it appethat the corner of Dryades and Poydras streets,New-Orleans, is a 'Change where laboring women oof work congregate, seekingvemployment. Biddybeen'standing here for some.time, waiting for a jo|,and, being fatigued, sat down upon a wheelbarrow 3rest. As she sat] a man—" a beautiful-looking ma: ,with a gold watch around his neck," to give her ow 1description—" came up, and taking hold of the handhUof the wheelbarrow, commenced rolling her about, ai ',finally tnmed her over into^the dirty gutter." At th 1 — The Halifax British Colonist says that the Com* stage of the proceeding her siHter Catharine and ai •' mittee on the election and return of the Hon. Attorney- other woman became somewhat excited, and, pickinj General have reported a case of direct bribery against up some lumps of mud or earth, threw them at tl; that gentleman.—Mrs. T. W . Freeman, of Augusta, Ga., wa intendent of Forests in the district of Chateau Thierry;the feelings of the lady named, is from The Gazette of 31ay 1:.-.'• * ' ..Londonare distributed a« follows: one in Derry, N. II., one in—The Courrier of Bayonnc says: " The Asylum of IPOLITICAL.Camps-de-Prots at this place has just received twoent year, at any point South of Mason and Dixon's bore is "fifteen inches hue. The person spoken of is 1 native of Georgia,stands six feet one inch in bight, and weighs 210the^vanous earjy Genei-al Conferences of and -pass down to the bottom. While undergoing the pounds. He is just in the prir^ie of life. Should b-H among the very many good ones made on the oc-of the rule J iregard to the buying, selliug, aiid holding gun has turned round in its lathe 65,000 times, and " B o y " challenges any man in Euroi>e or America tonoijjiiices siand where Mr. Chiv stood on. this )>oiut,fight him for the above amount.—On Sunday, tho Kev. Thomas Wbittemore, D. IX, ma|. The lenm-sseans,'the Georgians, and the Mary-lanaprs. who spoke, pledged their States for the nomi- a well-known Universalist clergyman of Cambridge, nees by large majorities."Mass., was preaching in Lowell; ho waa overcome P T h e Wasliingtoh correspondent of The Philadel- approached the President aftd Cabinet. | blessed with free institutions- Much of the present Elizabeth, H. J., writes This wdnderfidjiusect is now with illness in,:the middle of tlje sermon, and was phia Presit says that the.President is in a terrible hu- g nwaaily unattractive, to say tho least, to the eye. The Tl.'enoneof the Jaj>anese opened, a eprius of paper j chapter jnr«ipard to Slavery tui» become obsolete, and piercing the ground by thbusarids in hiy garden at obliged to leave the Church. The Pastor of the Society m|r just now. He took occasion to lecture the West-indiameterami4%to6im'dicsdeep. Belowthoholes the earth ajijicara solid, us if they hud never boon deeper.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069—Some time since a youhg mah, named Charles F . Tirrell, was arrested m Boiston, charged with havingUntitled Documentents, payable,on—It is said that the other day Madame de Pendgny,the wife of the celebrated Bonapartist Embassador at London, met Madame James Rothschild, who be- gan to abuse Louis Napoleon on account of his ruinous financial measures. Madame Pereigny vehemently defended the Emperor, and in the heat of the discussionbasket, and was about to step in herself, when, think-hullonge, the Atlanta sqt|irely and boldly, by pointhig to:the fact, that the—\probation.• 33utler fipoko as folio"Nine respc^tal fe Court! I mean to si them now, but I wi years? I -would m Congress as by the IS cause if it in made .by like, but' the- der.cr;l •Judges are not aniens for life. It was the ! gland it had passed in-were n.ade not by i>^—The nomination <1 decidedly distaste! il On Wednesday eveni County General COJof the evening, ««" per. A'mOug the gen UBrolaskyYice-Couna<.•&&M -*';*iOf the S{ ^www.fultonhistory.com 