 9iVEW YORK HERALD. a i i iNEW YOB* HERALD. |llIDAT. Jt?Lf i, ?860.-lRIPLB SHEET.Til* St ate of Kw rope—Decay of Dynasties mains, and it fa stronger than *vcr. The ! in thi* State between the factions of the **Tlb- I (Mr. K«unsv;v> *•« U» bookfaTwr.'ktt jnst »>f»B*rof Mr. Collins and his associates id maintain an I ployed, ho retu..'* ***• •»••» n^Hrt. * i n t h e O l d a n d H e w W o r l d * . ocean mail line on the .\tiantic were Broken Union fa a rock, against which every party •hat lican party. It fa known that Mr. Seward wrot\* l»<lepen4*ftc« Day <* <,n'-v honors* by the forer&m**! Weconcedealargeportionofapacetoday upandbrokendownthroughtheojiean,lawerfy ceme-intocollisionwithitwillbedashedto;,;longreplytoGreeley'sletterof1*34.Mr. inta*anrgoftalatM«W**«te**irtdispUyofUr*.a. v .TMM 9jSkt9mraPrlmiil!r9u.bis paper and bfa personal efforts, bas doneAMUaXMEXTS THII BVRXISOvernment is to-day paying British steamships for carrying its own mail*, and it ijs now gettingone portion of the party standing obstinately19•*•PWTJ•»trvTBB*4*1isuosi, JL-^A AM !• rili ill •aA^ka^«' th*For8cpr*meJ*1f*F.J.8. ft^Hu. %have been doing this, Congress and the Cabinet, last hour has come. It has become utteriy cor-crumbling—just as'in this country, during very composed of men from all quarter}} of the coun- rupt, demoralized and disorganized. It has no ! the organization serious injury, and helped to ftiperiute&dwit ofPuMfc Works, AM**L. BacLis neaily the same period of time, political parties try, refuse a fair compensation'15 Mr. Collins, longer any common principle. The slavery kill off Seward at Chicago. All the rascality Resolutions endorsing Douglas aa<? Jou-taoo etvtW R• »O^^^BMW^^^^^WPWi o^wOoacaiCANTRBBCRT CONCERT SALOON, OB Broadway.—lows, DAMCBM, Bsauoasae, AcCORNER OB THIRTEENTH 8TBBBT ANI> BROAD-WAT -Okunxun* M n u n aT B I P L E S H E E T .• « W Y o r k , F r i d a y , J a l y 0 , 1SOO.=T h e News.*y the arrival of ta*1 Persia at ^hi.-* port. th| lution, and rejected Mazzini with hissketch of hta career in another column. sneered at Mons. Abont's logic if it could have Ko material alteration had taken place in finan- refuted itwaits the action, we are informed, of the StateConvention, which it is hoped will adopt theing statesmen abroad that they fail,,,to our European correspondence, and the and beggarly spirit of the United States go- pieces, like a ship precipitated by winds and SewaI' expressed Ihf greatest regard for Gree- work*.•pamphlet of Nona. About. "Prussia in I06O, ' vernment. The Post Office DepajrtmeSi sends wavee upon the beetling cliflfe of a lee shore? ley, but cotiM not control Weed. Greeley, withwhich together give a picture of the great poli- tical movementjthat is going on all over that continent.amW+iUtmmn WaftvwMv, stateofequipoisebetweenrevolutionandreac- iutercstmakeupthedeficiency:^ndwiilewe haditsday.andhasdonesomeservice;bntits •party;andperpetuatingaflsortsofofficialcor- ThefoiIow'D(twerenotni&ateu*>•accitmstiosBraoiwar.-Poc* ww-UWALLACE* THEATRE, Broadway.-LAIXA E o o s s - of mankind everywhere has been stirred to an and making a great noise about it.Tec«« unwonteddegreetotheabandonmentofoldfor- IftheUnitedStatesgovernment actedintheby one set of doctrines on the subject, andrauyiGARDEN.WlJfTKR dAEDBX, Broadway.-Couisy BAW*.mulas in idealism and old leaders in practice, by same liberal Spirit towards our s eamshlp linesbeennobondofunionbat"thecohesivepower arewellunderstoodbythemore honestof theof the public plunder," and that has now become republicans in this State, who desire to runIIenointaxation of 8. h. Cox Coirwiiro, JtUy 6, lie*.cial aftairsi Consols on the 25th Were quoted at Louis Napoleon, through a correct apprecia- wait rule, and choke off Douglae in every part93J tor account, ex-dividend. Th« new Russian tion of the epoch in which he lives, and availing of the State. Fortified by this decftion, it islo#n of j£8,000,000 was quoted at 92. The new French loan will be, it is reported, twenty or thirty mllions sterling.himself of the European equipoise between re-said, the Jupiter Tonans of the bid Dominionvolution and reaction, is carrying out^the terri- will then launch his thunderbolts at the head of At Liverpool cotton was dull and irregular, but torial idea of France with great success. He the Little Giant of Illinois in an overwhelmingwithout any change in prices, ijrov&ons were has dared, through a skilful combination of the tempest. But why not begin jat once? Whydoll but steady, while breadstufl's were quiet.ffhe steamship Cahawba, from N#w Orleans andpower of logic and of the logic of power, todisappoint tie thousands who jflocked to Nor-establish the idea of a united Italy, with folk? Why falter at the last mbmentS It was Havwia, arrived here on the morning of the 4th. 26.000,000 of people, and to protect its realisa- not thus Wise acted in the campaign of 1836.remnrks made felicitous use of the fact that the French Minister should present his credentials on the anni- versary of American independence, which could not fail to remind him (the President) of the deep obligations, the people of this country owed to France in their strug gle for emancipation, and which no American could recall without the liveliest sentiments of gratitude.The interview terminated w th mutual assurances of tne most complimentary character, and it is said the new French Minister has made a most favorable impression on the President as a man of ability and s raightforaard and conciliating disposition.OCU RKtATlOXS WITH SPAIN.Accounts have recently appeared in the newspapersrepresenting that there exists an increased hostility on the part of the Spanish government against the United Stales. While our relations are not so amicable as could be desired, owing to causes well known to the public, there is nothing whatever in the correspondence between the government^ to support that assertion: The feeliog now is at least as friendly as it has been at any time w ithiu the last ten years.THE MISSION TOCfA TMIAlJl.Various paragraphs have appeared in the newspapercorrespondence fioni this city, which might be under stood to impu that tbe nomination to the vacant office of Milliliter to Guatemala and Honduras, conferred by the President on Hon. W. M. Churchwell of Tennessee, was not apiwwed of by the Senate, inasmuch as it was not reported from th<•.Committee on Foreign aSkirsof that body. The fact is that Mr. Churchwell declined the ap- pointment, from private considerations, as soon as it was made known to him. It was not solicited, bat intended by the President as a recognition of Mr. ChurchwelFs ser- vices as special and confidential agetit of the UnitedStates in Mexiico, anterior to the mission of Mr. Mclane'. THK CLAIMS AGAIKSC l'ARACl'AT.governing classes, and fix up something primefor the Benicia Boy? Never mind the expense mitted to the Commissioners, and a decision may there-SUe left Havana on the 30th, and brings no news. tion; and Italy, in return, has willingly and glad- He is the quickest of all the politicians of theAmongst her passengers were Consul GeneralHtlni and family. Onr correspondence from Mex- natural boundaries on the side ofSavoy and Nice. being in politics what Napoleorj the First wastropolitan bar. It begins at a most fortunate moment. The country is getting on very com- fortably, buying, selling and raising a good deal; but the political parties are all in a bad way. The whig party died long ago; the Know Nothing organization dropped to pieces;ico confirms the report of the defeat and death of Ufeado, a noted church leader, near Tepic. The JHurto dt la Marina, of Havana, publishes a niOior that Miramon had l>een completely victo- ii#u.- over Ogazon., and that he liad had several bia>trior officers shot, including Zuloaga.The investigation in Uic Walton-JIathews trage-dy vfaa resumed yesterday at Bellevuc Hos-pital by Coroner Jackman. A »umber of wit-ly consented that France shall advance to her South, the most rapid in his combinations, Now he has initiated the idea of a united Germa- in war. Why does he hold back ? It is evi-nesae» were examined whose evidence was industriousandwealthypeople,onthebasisofhighly interesting; but after all there was nothing ••satisfied nationalities," and the developement elicited which pointed to the perpetrator of the of the material interests of the masses, ratherNew Cotton—Sailing of the Pocahontas. Kew ©RtXAxs. July 3, lSStTbe first bale of new cotton of the season was receired from Texas todsy, and goes to New York.The Pocahontas sailed yesterday for Vera Gnu with large maik> and Washington despatches.The Bark Charles Jane. BALTIMORF., July 5, IMS.The American vessel Charles Jane, mentioned at captured by tbe Neopolitans ia tbe foreign news, prow bly belongs to Bath, Me , and not in Baltimore.Heavy Robbery., ToiUAS, O., July &, 1*S&Fire at Hannibal, Mo.Si. I<ors>, July 5. IMSA fire at HauaiUa!, Mo., yesterday inorniu^ i\ tars* o'clock, destroyed i-ropeity to the amount of Sjo.tt*.. upon which there was an ius>ir.tnce of 119.000- Tht I principal losers are J. Riley, wholesale grocery a^id.. »** j store, *2S,000, insured £10,000: G. W. Caphngtr'scar riage repository, $6,000. insured $^.0O»; G. 1*. R*.. dr«r I gist, $0,000. fully insured; Rotc-t Buchanan, on the hrM-\ ieg,$4,000, no insurance: Wm. Shoat on bu.lding. $M$*{ fully insured. The minor losses were not asccruartd.Kew Counterfeit. pHtLADCurMU, July i. IBBPHtrtm.'/ Dttttt&r notifies the pubbc of the diaarerf of a dangerous counterfeit o f fives ou the Pena T»wa«nfBank, Philadelphia. They are perfect /ac tmi' .BowthermOceanSterna***IBavnjrstft, July a. ISt*The United States mail 6'.eamsblp Alabama, frog *<"« York, arrived at Tybee at eleven o'clock, and at a* wharf at six o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon. A **«.CHARLFITOS, July S. MB The United States mail steeaesbip Marian, Capt Voatarrived here at two oVijek this (Tuesday) morning.W r a t h * * R e p o r t .Si. JOHN-, N. F , J d y 4dauble murder. The matter still remain* enveloped in mystery, and it will be some day4, we opine, be- fct-e the Coroner can arrive at iny conclusion.Skew here will be found a full report of'the proceed- ings.A meeting of the National Democratic Volun- teers was held last evening at No^ V'.l Broadway. Preparations were made for a serenade to (ieneral Joseph Lane, one of the candidates for the ViceP!re*ide«cy, who, Unexpected, wijU arrive in the •oity to-day.The Seventh regiment, National Guard, went into camp yesterday afternoon at New Dorp. Staten island. The regiment left the city at threeo'clockon tie steamer Sylph, engaged for the occasion. An unfortunate accident occurred at the ferry previous to their departure, by which three men, named John Welch, Fred. Gilbert and Jo|nDonnely, were badly injured by the premature explosion of a can- non. A full report oLthe departure of the regi- ment, "Camp Scoyi" and the pitching of tentstill be found elsewhere.Pur national birthday was the Only holiday ob- served by the Excise Commissioners in the prose- cution of their labors for the present year. Yes- terday they resumed their daily sessions by holding ameeting,atwhichtheygrantedeighteenthirty dollar licensee.The. United States steam frigate Niagara, which Bailed from New York OBthe 30th ult. for Japan, Baa spoken on the following day in latitude 40 14,and longitude 70 40. 'At the weekly meeting of the Commissioners ofthan of the privileged few.England and Turkey alone have been free from this equipoise between revolution and reaction. Yet to-day we see in the one a new and rising contest against the power of the lords, and for the extension of the suffrage; and in the other the beginning of a bitter conflict between the Creecent and the Cross. The heterogeneous em- pire of Assyria is crumbling to pieces, not through a sucjcessful external attack so much as through th^? process of internal decay. Thepolicy that induced a German diet to claim Trieste as a German town, in opposition to the spirit of the age, is fast losing its hold upon both Venetia and Hungary. One of these must go to its natural position with united Italy, and the other may yet form the nucleus of another great European union, which shall gather the Sclavonic tribes under the banner of empire. Thus la tbe nineteenth century sweeping away the old and rOtten dynasties of Europe, and the corrupt and *x>rn out political organizations of America, to rjoake room for others meiv conso- nantwiththespiritoftheageandthenewele ments which the developement of the arts, sci-ences and intellect of man has brought into ex- istence.111COMMODORE VAM>KKHIT.T AXDTHK PACIFIC HUT, SERVICE.—Wepublish In another column a com- munication from Commodore Vanderbilt. ex- plaining the whole difficulty between him andWashington with the militia Of Virginia andtake possession of the Capitol to prevent the in-auguration. Why has he not c<j>me out in thesame tone about the inauguratibn of Lincoln—aNorthern man, who has abettor chance of elec-tion, and is the author of the iirepreesible con missionary visit to the Court oi St. Gile^. filet programme set forth by Wijlliam H. SewardPublic Charities and Correctioni yesterday, thetwual report of the Committee of the Whole waspresented and adopted. The only points of interestwhich it contained were the facts that Vveral in- the government relative to the Californiater was written to a private friend of Greeley at Milwaukee, and is rather piquant than other' wise. Here it is:—NEW YORK, June 10,18«0. The pretended letter from me to (.overuor Sewaitd, which you have seen, is bogus. I presume the real letter Is live times as long as that. I never asked an office]of any Governor or 1'resident, though I have refused one tor two. 1 never wrote a letter to any President I helped elect, either before or after his election. I never asked any jwlitical or pmmiary favor of Governor Sewaid, though I think 1 have doue my Khare to promote his elevation. 1 never tsked him or Weed (nor anybody else) to favor my nomination for Governor at any time 1 was voluntarily assured iu '54, by the men who afterwards engineered the nomination [ of dark, that I could be Governor if I would only join a Know Nothing lodge (which nobodv out of the cabal should know); but 1 declined Sic honor. What served to irritate me was Mr. Weed com- ing down here and lecturing me on being a candidate forpresenting a claim of a hundred thousand dollars. TBI rniM* or WALKS.Ixwrd Lyons has returned to this city. He will leave here in time to meet the Prince of Wales on his arrival ia Canada.The government, as yet, have, taken no steps with re- gard to this distinguished visitor. Whatever is done iuthe matter will be through minister Dallas. TUE CAI1KORNIA MUM.mates of the Lunatic Asylum have been transferredto the Workhouse, in consequence of the crowdedcondition of the Asylum, and that a new contracthas been entered into with Wm. F. Clark for sup-plying the institution-, with pure ntflk after the 30th menting severely upon Commodore Vanderbilt; inst. The number in the institution* at present is for refusing to take the mails to California, and 7,231 a decrease of twelve since the last meeting. one of them in particular is very violent in its The Hoard adopted a resolution to meet fortnighUyfornia mail service. The matter is still under advise ment. The Postmaster General seems to be averse to making any arrangements, and thus throws the responsi- bility upon CongresR.LA.NO O m C I MATrlRS.Important steps have been taken by the Department ofM a r k e t s .AutotMi. July 5 —* P aFlour in slightly improved demand; sales, t.T oebtf** former quotations. Wheat, no transactions. Con dw transactions limited: sales, 7,7lW bushels Western »:*** at fiBc. a «2>„c., andfcOOObushels Round YeUow at •*.' 64c. Oats, quiet: sales., fi O0»buiiheJs State at » at • Central Depot. Whiskey—2k a 21 * c . ; sales, 80 bbaBVFSAUI, July * - * [ • Flour in fair demand, maikct for l<»w gmdio *^5T:in future.was too unpopular to run, kc, when I had not asked Ray mood w as thereupon nominated for Heut. Governor, byWeed's consent, if not help, and 1 respectfully took leave of the concern. Bat I am sure I never threatened oppott tiontoGov. Seward, as is pretended, nor did"anything morethannotifyhimthat,forvariousreasons therein specified. 1should thereafter feel at liberty to supportor oppose his further elevation, as my convictions of public goodfehouidfrom time to time dictate. Not having often thelettersinceIsentit,Ihaveonlyageneralrecoilnf its contentsi but I am sore this is the spirit, u_ thi? spirit I have anted ever since, and shall set to end. Gov. Seward has some great and many good qu ties, and is the only genuine-democrat I ever knew, really believe* in equal rights and equal political 1ictuses for every human being, which you and 1 both Iis very rare faith. But be is wrong with regard tolie expenditures, voting away money lavishly, andtimes unjustifiably, according to my notions. Nowuy ever imagined that he could give a corrupt vote; hut heut without quotable change: sales. ii,0B» bate *t $* JL*5 $5 for extra State. $5 a S3 45 fot extra Hb*.i-aa4*a »i«ein,$3 2 3 s K 60 for extra Indiana and «*:<> • » • £An important communieation.from the Corpora- lator oa the necessities of his kind." a monopo- tion Counsel aa to the powers, duties and reaponsi-the same time putting down the extremists of the North. In this manner will disunion be beaten$6 50 for dVMtble extras. Wheat qjuiet ami *teedc" ! 1 debuitkaof the Mayor respecting unsafe buildings willbefoundinanotherpartofthisday'sHBBALD.list, a Shylock, and pronouncing him guilty ofsystematicBaddeliberateselfishness,andof•.0,000 bushed red winfer at $1 2a Cora a go* *T_V fr5000bush»iaIllin»Uat92V a&Sr.etelng*'^.T.-The Police Coaamimioa, at their meeting yester- conduct "too shameless oven for modern tole* day, transacted no public business whatever' ration."point*, andHenryA. Wiseis con-inthepremises.ide price Oats ateady: sal-i tH.SOS aat-hels O ^ j ^ find Western at 3Z\c. Wajafc*\ -teadv: sales I f P J 1.0c Caaal freights—4»c. on rtocjr.'ll'.c. « • _ » - £ lTh«&<re*«uaew*t>y iteltrsia exarci*au no teflaMoe cottaa market, the sales embraced HO buks.doatatupoatuebataaritv. fcrnud- apkaua*. ft Bfl*»»IM bad a BaafamitBt tafloruee which ww heavy, SUA lower for gradet, with uuide extras, while good to cbotco braads of extras were uarnanged. Wheat nauaaw aaaariy, b««, ussier the laBaeaes of Utd uews,ctaaedWe do not know whether all this Is true ofI0,c (saootiilaNewYurt. Uke lUiporta—4,0» T^ Coast Survey steamer Bibb, lieutenant commanding Mur- four , SjiOOO banto-ls wheat, 230s«nv bnsheh eera. J J rwere light. FrettM teem to Uverpooi was limited. ruteu for p u i s were armer. Inijing Ihtwere about ».000 »c«hfI- wheat, it butt, at »S«., wttaThe beredwiththedead,and the democratic partyi-Stny, and it will march to triumph, when Germa- ny will gladly follow the example or Italy, and consent that France shall advance to the natu- ral boundary of the Rhine. Then Europe will behold with wonder and satisfaction three mighty dynasties, based on universal suffrage, ruling ninety millions of the most enlightened,dent he shrinks from the fight. I He feels in hismail service, by which it will be seen that the whole blame lies with the House of Represen- tatives.Wild S. W. Sky cloudy. Thermometer 51 c There has nothing yet transpired in regard to the Cali- Cape Race—Weather cloudy.Several of the journals of the city are com-language, charging the Commodore with allsorts of evil things; denominating him "a specu-the Interior to cause the Rejt-ivers of the Land Offices Governor (which I bail not sought to be), alleging that I throughout the United Sates to render their returns inMr. Vanderbilt or not, H is certainly very k U i lray, arrived at Sydney, Cape Breton, Monday evening, Caaal exports— MO <>>>>- bu-he* oata.four andahalf daysfrom NewYork: coaled there aad bu&batewheat,?*,«<»bcibelacorn,12,000bo-ht**&l ^ ^ » T } • * •bind the letters and newspapers for the Pacific, beoauM o w *mmmm*-%m imbecile m l the incompetent, the official and tke lf^siatlve-^ #o«id net pay Ida his price for transportingOsw»», July fr-*r*^ thrttr dull bnt unchanged. Wheal in bctu-r aw#-j.Vat* 8.900 bushels ver t choice white CanadnaJJ^, 200bushelsMawankeeclabat 01 22. «.000*"**.*** *ditto ca private terms- 0,000 bushels ^'^P* .T2* *. $118a fil 1$t - *a'kn *•••«>".!• An l .--. ^Corn wit b tCorn without material change: sale* « • ** I^j!T#question. NotlongegothesplendidandpatrioUoefforts2 Chicago spring lu store. Corn steadv w"; . pA Split 1st t%» Ofc*» Dassi—suttu StB>t« (.i,,the mails all over the West and Sjouthweat. to* Parties have their uses and serve goodj ends;the most distant point*, where the femunerition but when they cease to fulfill the functions for more than any other man to build up the re- , COU.JCSU, Ohto, Jaly i. l i f t .does not liquidate ouo-fourtb of the expense of which they were called into existence, tbendls^ publican party; and Weed. Raymond andTbe Democratic Cocvi'rfl'w i»-et litre yesterday, am Since 1849 Europe baa been maintained in a carriage, while New York and the! commercial solution fa at hand. The democratic parjly has Webb, by introducing the lobby syrtem into the organised by appointiBg *Jeo. W. McGwdc, PretMesttion, during which the dynastic* have beenruption at Albany and Washington, have doneAttorney (ieneral, 1» W. NAWl»cfa .have been dis ntegrating—leaving princes in and destroy a line which was a credit to the question, which once served as a rallying ground, the Old Werld and professional politicians in nation. Our contemptible and miserly go- fa now the immediate cause of disintegrationand corruption at Albany last winter was Adoptetl, vuen stout fifty Breciui!ridge fttyt P.ibdrsvthe New equa ly puzzled/as to which way toface or on what ground to endeavor to maintaintheir positions. The intelligence of the masses up another difficulty with the Vandorbilt line, another portion holding as tenaciously by the the kitchen, and give all the fat to his becoud Tuesday in August, to nominate s State aa* etas.LiCV A K B K r a THEATRE, NO. OM Broadwey.-TT- one of thote secret and electric Impulses which as the British and the French governments do. a rope of sand. A new party 4ake* the place Greeley for Governor, in order that he mayJ>e coca -MJIIIM as* Catajfta. aor WAS A»B raiTAtsaa—Sica or w Wooas. know no leaders and no idols. The few who would have now the finest ocean 3team marine exigencies of the country. It looms up in for. Weed wants Morgan—a fairish* Governor Congress. Resolutions were adapted iu Uror of DoeglasBARKUM* AMERICAN MUSEUM. Broadway-Day.And understand their epoch take advantage of it for of any country in the world, ins ead of being midable dimensions. It fa the lion in the way enough—renominated; but it fa quite probable and Johnson, and deuouueing tbe seceders.T.tmmt-UwwMtcm ISOT-YOVS Lm'f « DA*»*n—Aitta— their own purposes, and astonish the worldUrmut Ccaaoamnv Ac dependent upon foreign countries for tho trans- which scares the bold and chivalrous Henry A.BET ATOTmmmUELB. Meeaanlea' Ha'l. 47? Broadway - with the ease with which they attain mighty poriation of our mails across tb> Atlantic. If Wise.SALOON, Broadway - O a o . Caanrr'a M I * . DAMS. Boaunejua, 03.-M1**AXIS or Ain Europe, so will it be with some great politi- cal leader in this country, who, comprehendingPVoiLisM ANDPOUTTCS.—ibe psend dinner together of shcb persons as Mn Vaudjerbilt— given at the Astor House on Tuesday, by feebones that himself and his party are beaten be- the democracy has not been able to survivefore they go into the field. In 1856, when Fre- the tremendous shocks it received at Charleston mont, a Southern man and a democrat—a man and Baltimore, and has gone to its grave moderate in all his views—obtained the nomi- "unwept, unhonored and unsung."' There fa, nation of the republican party, which had not therefore, a splendid opening for poti^ then committed itself to revolutionary designs, ticians with a small capital, and the new muscleHenryA.WisedeclaredthattheSouthernpeo- partyispreciselythesortofthingthatfawanted. ple would never permit him to be inaugurated if The persons who would be its natural leaderselected, and that he would hijnself march on have been from time to lime in the employ ofimportant.Business ieeffiW dull.The weather is hot.at Rochester. Lincoln is commultra and revolutionary views. tted to the mostWhy has not Wise pronounced since his nomination, and whydoes he not "come to the scratch," even afters t c ebeing announced to speak ?is a* political revolution in progress at the South, and because there is a Union ticket in the field which will s|«veep half the Southern States, including, probably, Vir- ginia itself. Our correspondent remarks* that democratic ascendancy in that State can no longer exist, and that the Bell and Everett ticket will be carried, unless the divi- sion hi the Virginia democracy be speedily and thoroughly healed—a condition which there is very small prospect of seeini; realized. The newUnionpartyspringingupIntheSouth strikes terror into the hearts of the democratic Southern leaders. Inl8.il, thje year after the compromise measures were carried in Congress, thefire-eateTsraised the cry of secession, which called into existence a Union party which de- feated them in Georgia anl several other States of the South, and carried the Presidential election of 1832 on Union prhjtciplen. The dis- union faction at the South slept from that time till last fall, when John Brown waked them up. The Union ticket, headed by Bell, a Southern man, is now destined to give them their quietus once more, perhaps to put them into that deepsleep from which there Is no awaking, whilethe running of Douglas at the North will forcethe republicans into conservatism beforehand,at allscious of it. Hence his hesitation. He is con- foundedandknowsnotwhattodoorwhattosay. Like Belahaxzar in his dream, he sees the handwriting On the wall, which decrees the**"»*•*»* did leaTe be* breaking up of the democracy In the Old Do-left the following evening. Kb ice is reported in tbe strait- of Balm M* a eircumatanc* prfcka favors theprogress of MM expedition ia reaching Ma nation at Caps Chadkight.>re to overthrow dull,m»Uateadeacytotoweruncus.Ooruwastruer,them,whichis,nodoubt,agreatInconvenience themthananyotherlivingman.nowshakesinhasablindsidetowardthefailing?ofothersmthisdi-MinisterAppkdoaistalakepassfigsontheAdriatic.at65c.,and5.000bushel*do.al£"<<^ww3*i the lath for St. Petersburg. Hourw t U a B U r i m u t of sstss. Pork exhibited more act,his shoes at the shadows of coming events, which foreshow him the approaching doom of his party.And so it will ever bo. The institutions ofthe country are stronger than parties.whig party Is gone, the American party fa num-Untitled Documentrection. Be has thus attached to himself some friends woose support is a dead loss. He knows how decidedly I differ from him on these matters; yet I should have voted forhimatChicago in preference to at leastone other whose nomination was pressed there. There are states- own in all parties who share his one fault and took his many redeeming virtues. HORACE GREELEkt.This late letter, as well as the longer docu- ment (to Mr. Seward) which preceded it, {has a great deal of local interest, as they go to show that there fa to be a tremendous stranglerye qriict Caaal freights firm; Boor 2Sc.,'»?TM'_^ Iand very much to be regretted. Whether he is* ait»Ta»l», and uew •**•*» AtOUSOaOUsTM 9u- deservingof allthisabuseforassertinghis le- gal and constitutional right to carry the malls on bis own terms or not at nil, In the absence of any contract, or whether the blame does not lie equally with the government, Is anothervrty, wkils artom wan Ona, wtm isalm ef sow ssesf atMr. ereanweod, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, is corn 7>»c.. to New York. Lake import* *fjri$ % absentm'jfirkansas. flour, 87,700 bushels wheat, SS.900 ''^'Vj^? jAAUbushels oats, 000 bushel* barley ^ ' . " S ^ r ^ T Secretary Floyd will repair to Old Point shortly, for the barrete flour, 16,150 bu*heU wheat, 12.100 busl*» «-minion, and the transfer of other hands. And he who theKnowNothings,anddid"sceptre'? bravely foughttIt is because therethus taking away from under the Southern dis-unionists the ground on which they stand, and at either advice or help from him, nor from anybody else.time for the Commissioner of the General Land Office to adjust them within a fort sight after the expiratioa of each month. A failure to reader the accounts quarterly and monthly is to be considered a dereliction cf duty, to be represented to the superior officer for prompt actionintoopposite dogmas. For some years there has friends Maynard, Webb * Co. These things torsi ticket.The democrats of the Eeventh distrkt mot here yea. HEW BOWERY THKATBE, Bow«ry.-WoLrGAm-M*X emanate from unseen and unknown sources, and and supported Mr. Collins aa he deserted, we of the democracy, suited to the times and to the ( set right by a direct appeal to the people • erdsy, and unanimously renominated Hon. 8. 8. Cox twthat-Seward will favor the idea of runningGreeley. This is a sort of family quarrel, arid B r e c k i n r i d g e a nit Lane RatifiratiM M e e t i n g .similar advantages, from the crumbling of most a second Collins—instead of in the hands the fairer man of the two. we feel disposed to new nominations were made for Governor and Lieutenant- tles, must be regarded as the definite commence- Governor of the State, Hancock Jackson being selected farVAMcm. ac. Scawa* rinasoaown.reeulls. Aa ha. happened with Louia Napoleon8T. Lows, July 4, IMS.A Breckinridge and Lane ratification meeting wag beta in this city last evening, and was well attended. Senator NATIOHAL OOKCBBT SALOON, National theatre.-* the drift of the times, will attain for himself certainly a man of enterprise* aiml-energy, al- civilization to oneofitemostdfatingnlshod apos- do not care for such things, and as Greeley fa Green attended and made a strong speech, after which^ * ^ ^ ^ m& w e r e^ ^a l.we have not quite decided which side to take in it. If we bad a taste for the fleshpofa of Egypt- we might incline to Weed; but as weKiaiXKa *»$£'iteJKM, rTEMPLE Or MAOIC 4M Broadway.—onnass FASTAS-n raw. Jaqoae AM*OMUI SrsioaTLr.rALACB OIABDE: M, fourteenth street.-VOCAI Aire lx- to those that Louis Napoleon has seized from haps, be none of the difficulties and delays of the age. Not that pugilism fa any new thing; how the thing comes out.who, whether a speculator or a monopolist, is friends of the new movement in favor ofnrnsctmarparties and political organizations among us, of our inefficient government, thej-e would, per- ment of one of the most important movements cotton to him. We will wait a while and see the former office, aad Monroe Parsons for the latter. These new candidates were adopted on account of thethe crumbling of dynasties in Europe. Men w,hich universally beset our postal service. We on the contrary, it has been one of the favoriteDouglas proclivities of the present nominees.everywhere want revolution without anarchy, and as a preservative against anarchy.That is what has passed In Europe during the past ten years^ and is passing still. France acceptedrevolution,andrejectedLedruRollin and his colleagues, with their inftaousTHK LAST OF THK COI.MNS MAIL CONTRACT.—donot see why Mr.Vanderbilt) had not the amusements of tbe elder branchof thegreatprivilege to refuse to take tbe^ mailBat the Anglo Saxon famity for any number of years. Post Office Deficiency bill passed, and in it wasThe Race Between Flans T< Oeerge M. Pat chin.pie awlParana af St. Johns, and the Etna Off < ape Race, firebrand. Germany, as shQwn in the pamphlet own lips.next session do for our mail steamers, or will his cold brandy and water inside the baa' of the Congress contiuue its hostility to Americanwe have news from Europe to the '27th tilt,—one week later than the advices previously recehedlTbf intelligence is interestintr.of Mons. About, is approximating to the tri-umph of the same mighty influence of the age,The New Hampshire legislature adjourned tint di, this The course he has ndopleft may conflict with Boxer's Arms—then the British public forget shipping interest*, and throw all our European forenoon. The democrats .u theSetutte voted for the na-brice offered by the government, and wo ap- prove of bis resistance to the infringement uponIn England it has been viewed as a sport or game, like horse racing, card playing, roulettea sectio#directing the Secretary of the Navy toPan.Aoci.rttu, July 5. lftfit. Flora Temple won the match with G. M. Patches, cm the 8ufib!k Park track, on the Fourth, in three straight heat*.the old, parties, and in beginning business on their own account they will not be titter no- vices. The representative man in Jbe new party fa, as a matter of course, Mr. John C. Heenan, who fa now on hfa way back from hfaThe Astor House affair will do very well fora beginning, but that is all. Heenan fa theman of the hour. Hfa supporters should pre-pare to receive him with the grandest ovationever seen in New York since the funeral of thjelate lamented Mr. William Poole. The AstdrHouse affair was a small tea party; but theHeenan file should be equal to tbe great popu-lar banquets which were given in Paris in 1X4&Will not the Common Council combine with theof P,. A. Cross was broken open last niftn,We can afford it. Go ahead.ANOTHER LETTER IROMHON. MA&A GRI:KI,K Vfore be expected. The parties who are pressing these claims are anticipating a very large awarw, nearly a mil- lion of dollars. Most of tbe accounts, it is said, are ftcti tious, and will compare favorably, when the tacts are allWe find in the Milwaukee Wisconsin of the UOfli developed, with the Gardiner and Gatphiu claim?.another letter from Hon. Massa Greeley in re- It is to be hoped that tbe matter will be thoroughly lation to tbe "sacred animosity" at present ex- sifted. It was wisely remarked, a short time since, by istingbetweentheTribunephilosopherand the(•resentbeadofoneofthedepartments,thataman Weed, Raymond, Webb & Co. The present let- could not tarn around in a foreign government withoutmmfwwvixwi—charged at Chicago directly to the Weed clique, and it was urged that, should Seward be elected, Weed Would pile infrom the Convention and met at the Neil AbuBt. ffcap appointed a Bute Ontr*! Oo'-imiittee sad sGDBUsittee t§ prapare an address to tits Ofclo detmjcracy, and tmmt % cull for a State Cwveutiou to meet at GotamlnBr *• tssOn the last day of the session of Congress thepay to Collins the sum of $80,282 72, being thelegalrighttomanagehisow|nbusinessin orthimblerigging. Thenobilityandgentryof balance,withinterest,duetohimonaccountof Time,2:22\..J21•«,157•>':trackveryheavyintfleUMSown way. We approve of hits refuoal to be England delight not so much now as formerly the money withheld on account of the Erics- heat. The betting was one hundred to ninety on I'iacUe*.suggestion that the revolutionists wanted dictated to in this matter by a ! beggarly and to see a brace of gladiators maul, beat and son. A draft for this sum was sent to Mr. Col- Over four thousand persons were present. no arms as ^§ug as they possessed lu-cifer matches. Italy has accepted revo- contemptible government, because it is the otherwise maltreat each other; but when the lins, and thus ends this contract. What will theKew H a m p s h i r e L*glalat«r«-. CuKc<Mu», x. H., July * tseeonly way to return the poisoned chalice to itstight is over—when the Spartacus sits down totheinterestsofagreatmanyfor a littlewhile, allaboutthematter.Butthatfatobeallchanged but it will all come right in the eid, and it will by-the younger branch of the family, as maytra 'e into the hands of foreign steamships?tional resolutions oflered] bytiie refmb!icat»s.Interesting Cricket Match. I'mLAMsuwu. July 6,1V».long since foretold by Metternich in the saying<|uict prevailed in Sicily. Garibaldi had or- that "Cermany is rapidly advancing towards teach the government and Congress a lesson be s/en by the result of the recent contest IIKXCK TUK.SK TKAKS.—Now that tbe Japan-fraaized an expedition again*! Metmiua, th.e strong- Tentonifrm." The London Times, reading that which they very badly needed. for the championship. In that affair toejtlder ese have taken themselves off, the Philadel- Tbe cricket match bet-ve»n eleven R.glisbm.Hi xu-l hokl of the royalistei. It was expected that the e.vprj- t _ . branch, was represented by an old lion, who, phia journals are groaning terribly because eighteen Americans lerm.nated today iu U or of thedition would march ou the 28th ult. "jflio Neapolitan pamphlet by the aristocratic lights of Buck- Important Irons Virginia—Tlie Attitude after bullying everybody during the last eightCouncil have, it b reported, resolve! to jrrant very ingham Palace, sneers at Mons. About's loprte,or nine centuries, has been humbled for once,geheral amnesty* a constitution, a free press, and offer to the Frince Regent ofPrussia at Ba len?' letter from Norfolk. Virginia, giving an ac- and now occupies the exceedingly disagreeable Philadelphians are angry because they behaved and Sadler 13 each. Harlow 14. aodS«ms 'JO. un tb». rliberal concessions to the people. These include a and asks, ''What is^it that Louis Napoleon is toBUfrender the two captured American vessels, but our Minister insisted upon reparation for the insult Onired to the American flag.(Jermany which demonstrate its tendency and of the democratic party. It appears that the fullest possible feather. He spreads hfa wings whom the money was spent. The Philadel- All Rngland cricketers. Tbe President of the Kew Vorkto an enormous extent; his scream fa tike the phians are like the btJdboy who was sent to bed Club, H<nry Sharp. ]>re~?nted the token of victory tot h ethreatened to withdraw from Turin auless the Sar- dinian government puts a stop to the filibusterRichard Stevens, the Ctpuua <4 the American*, iu AJaa propriate rjieeth. which was feelingly acknowledge*! The Americans are eminent'., dei'ghted at their victory.Russianand SpanishAmiisisadurs havewill inevitably sweep away the thirty-seven jHenry" would make "the greatest speech he srubs tbe Hon as if the latter were a spaniel if their little hearts wfould break.crowns which to-day divide the German nation, of his life," was postponed bylthe advice and dog. The eagle, in point of fact, is around.o f G o v e r n o r W i s e .On another page we publish |an interestingab*o an alliance with Piedmont; but $hv kins? would It requires no power of second sight to s,>c tin tnot assent to these joint propositions- U is said what was offered to Prussia was a clear atd relation to "the impending criiis" and ;the cies with his tail between his legs. Tbe eagle, not buy anything in the Quaker City; so they hai t 87.It was the finest display of scientific cricketing evsr tha\t the Neapolitan government had determined to logical view of the epoch, and the events in irrepressible conflict*' between |the two wings which represents the younger branch, is in the rail at onr shopkeepers and others among witnessed iu the Unite*IStates, with the except ion of thecount of the movements of Governor Wi^e in and absurd position of the monarch of his spe-so badfy to the Japanese that the latter would American side Knox scored, IS, W. Xewhall 11, and Kea-its result. The revolution without anarchywhich is being achieved in Fiance and Italy Norfolk, and at which it was expected '-Massa combined whistle of ten thousand locomotives; without his supper, and they are crying asratification meeting announced tjo take place atand^ repeat there the grand scenewhichthe With the consent of the orator| himself. He Undersuchauspicesthenewmovementcom- NEWSFROMTHENATIONALCAPITAL Base Ball Matrtt at HoiTaln.expeditions against Sicily.Prince Jerome Bonaparte, ex-King of Westpha- world is to-dlny witnessing in Piedmont and is opposed to Douglas, and| In lavor of mences. The eftVte systems of Europe have so;lia«ndundeoftheEmperor,isdead.WegiveaSicily.TheLondonTuneswouldnothaveBreckinridge.WhydoesheJhesitate?Hefardulledthementalperceptionsofthe_lead-1 «or.SpecialWashingtonDespatch.BIFTAJLO,July ft 14M. The friendly game of ball between the lACeisior -ln»of Brooklyn and the Niagara club of Buffalo resulted m aaeasy victory for the Excelsiors. , The score was. Excelsior, SO;Niagara, 19. Ia the fifthinnings the Excel-lors made twenty four runs.N e t v s # f r o m P i k e ' s P e a k .Br. Jonra, Mo., July 4, IMS.The Pike's Peak Express, which arrived last night, brings advices from Denver City to the fifith ultimo.Hadley, the murderer of Card, was arrested TnwrsJa.r, tried and found guilty of murder In; the first degree, aad santenced on Saturday to be bung oa the Monday follow- ing. Saturday afternoon a petition was oircuhuM, aad * numerously signed for a commutation of his sentence. Pending which it was (bond that the prisoner had es- caped, apparently with tbe connivance of the officer.Complaints are numerous of Indian depredations oa the ancbrs. Small unarmed parties are attacked, robbed of their stock and often stripped or their clothing. But a! though threats have been made there hare as yet beeo aa lives taken. News from the mines is unchanged and un-WASHWCTOX, July 5.1860. rSKSSNTATiON O* TBX .NSW FRENCH MIM9TKSTO THKrKKSIOEST. to ' recognise muscle as the most im-l Ttip nevf French Minister, M. Mercier, was yesterdayportant governmental basis. It has been re- presented to the President by acting Secretary of State served for the United States to give to the Mr. Iieecot*.pugilist and his associates the political su- 1he Minister, in ottering bis credentials, took occasion premacy which fa their due. Consequently we to express his satisfaction in being accredited to this have this new movement engineered by the government, and closed his tyrief address-by announcingthe sincere sympathy of his august master, the Em- distinguished Recorder, now on the bench, and peror , for tbe government and people of this country.one of the most famous of his predecessors, The Resident, in reply, stated the pleasure it afforded together with leading practitioners at the me- him in receiving the new envoy, and in the course of hislatter. Tbe Fjjglisb scored i'2. and Al in both iaaiags. some sharp fellows in the metropolis made a The Americans scored SC and 44. with 7 wicket* v> f*n. few dollai-s by the Embassy. The fact fa, the Ou the Digitfh Side Surp •wired 15. Gibbes- 10, BrettThe arguments in the Paraguay case have been sub-THK ASnOaOMlCAL FABTT.The astronomical party, bound for Labradar iu the,benefit of his health.General lane has formally accepted the. nomination forthe Vice Presidency.Elegant accommodations have been preparedfoxthet bushels at 46c. a46tic. to store. Oatt Brmat **^sTheand $30,000 worth of jew elry U*ken therefrom.5.600 busheh. oats. . , . « . r B rFlour dull and business limited at l " * ^ ,Wheat quiet and le. lower: sales at f l » » » ^ ,.•CHHAOO. July *-fTM - ieur st St.CensusBureauinthenewsouthwingof the Deparlment oeipts—900 bbls. flour, 10,000 bushel* *UM\-aej* aob in Ma dvlmr econy. But! thelepublic re-T13069www.fultonhistory.comas M.309 South 4th Street Fulton New YorkhomTryniskior the Interior. No force, iniuld.Uoa totheSup^ruteadeobutdielacoru, 0,500 bushels oats. Snii*icau>— 21,000buibe'j wheat, 50,000,tashris«**• • 