 acrebants ofeemtaed attaeNorth, Mr. rmUrvsn says.NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET. StwsrdHOwatmmDeelarfsts Justificationo-sav OutragebyBattwsySlave,in FekrJatob,Smith,rhitode.oriijobber*,whoa m themselvespurchasedofthe fcaaortcmattheNorth. Aside from the pontics! Maect*Wteqamuoa,Mr.tfauirrsatiuajra«,pro- bable that neither to the South nor k>the West will mf many goods be sent this year as usual. In the Weal titers tonetmoaey: aad ia the Hoatb, beeensemsaey haa been ao pleauJal there, the In a y maid is cmaeetton with thai subject, market to overstocked. Bnapij aad demandwft. reeeJate the amrket, as they have al- aers that, w a s regard a> the ssnsa oflately been growing up between the negroes and toe Cana-dian ciuzens—a sentiment which found rent a the totepresentmentoftheGrandJuryofthemeaty, ta whtohthat body stt forth the grievances resulting from the vastaflux of ertonaato to the country by amassof the negro lmnugrauon, aad adverted ta the as-, man tardiff for Peaaaeoia. Dee IT tat» **, tab verest terms to the worthless character and ahif less Alienee, tram Sierra Leose for van. The HefaatiBaaiaaaMa./orthejirm hasalways stoodwell eifhtmilboss attheSouth,thatwehaveallt ofartsadscience.apeopletrainedtohinsetij;aadIbaen,fromthebegaaag,acruelfailure,aadthusymp-m\> to mm time last year. Mr. Lambert holds tothebeliefthatpolitic*havenothingtodowith thattheSouthwillthereforesecede,areonlyevi-Tbe Philadelphia Press has reason to believe that G. P . R James .ntents leaving Venice and returning to h's for- merofficeofBritishConsulatRichmond,Va.th« owwiaTr 1 sertotura sit"be to weaken as aartamrai uatoriy, aai to tow[From tas New Turk Osarmr sad miashwr.Jan. It, lSaa] , the wheat waghl af praams aath iray, ior we read of no In Coagrem, on Tuesday the 10th of January, Mr. aegra slavery a aaamn tones • • * a nA waJCto awaa* alMwvmW sT Aaaira or mmTaaw ffteo m m axmasiXT WOTJKMED AM D aa Ku>«BiY rateaut TIOLATXH—SSBCTB OF THX arrruas ftr not wasaa nmJLtmtm.fFremata ItatrtetFres Pmrn, Jan 17 ]GartreU, of Georgia, (democrat) aaid —I will, a the trtt pace, announce sosnanly, i l i i | i i i i Nature bat made the slavery atthistime,toil!inductthetrpeotogis to blatbosahhmaybetoyou,atkindeedtomeaadto • • Thewweandvin a a d or bodywho'jeelgo to ike Southern cUte* to buy what Hey wantd*neatM MfromlieNorth,inthefirstplace, •urnttoeosanjmsreiaBta,mateadofbayingthem msaresaatteaNona,wMIpurchaseofawBooth- CHJOB,peactabljifwemay,fordbryIfwesmsa.trnsitxve on the tuhjtrt 0f thisyear. Batwhatwillbetoeeffectoftha?Themv people, ret Ifeelit my dsty to aaaeaeeeme aaaamfact,heretoday,thatifthaiaasrsaasaamawamaaasUM s a m h o k l i B g p e o p t e o f t h e 8 m m , t h e y w i U b e c o mpeoM, »y every pnsessw 01 jaswes, m neaor, muxer saddles on their backs, aad others booted and spurred toAnatonicexenmnentwaaBreakrlonSundayInthe wUhmdeamonaster. SavsTtUtetSS, Mast rtif *>»;»atic, rrasaCalrwaa tor leaden same *•»Ftocapcrc,carcataeCDew,B a v a a ^ j a f n i a t o ? r a t a n B s fCrto?.\ffbW>^?B>»a bowse, f a KtesSSctahto n vaBBAbMg Crxrwa^ofct,•!Mat-t lis ilccton, Jc ahn-tey, Allen. Btohotomi.dtog(eviln Jtevte,Lombard, Bw ovg—ln pert ampsBocscll. teaebell, for Mew ToriGLSSCOW Deefe—tepcrt_Br tew awe: three Boaceh Uabeft,forNYorkdo.Uooarvaa,ao tosSstoyaHose KOSTIBYork; flora, Wamm; riyjitnog Mbuist., Ltnonoelil, Taaa Ih-atarre, Moonlight. Bcccfc,aai Wild Hunter, Bearc. Braretoer; auctoneal rrsasey tor Bscene Ptyto*f Barton, for Australia: ChatiCBce. Bah cue. to4d_ap * Hams, reng; Boataaan. Bun.ham, <harger,Zeresa: Tair—burn. Kittywind. Oiei, unr; barks Krvmiin. .lohncoa. for Bhaacbaeoaalaa.Lnaatr.ter Wkiasis, use. (A Hong Kong date nvOet and Xtety atopaca, ISnliad. 1 Strwi.)Hosotrtr Nov SR—Arr ship Webfoot Hedge, "an Braaaaa eo, (sad aid30thfor JarvtolstaaD; Dee «th, Aspasto, Storm. M'Keai. Island (caltadto procure a aew grouad tackle, aad wouicretcrn to the sametotoavdabout tfth) Bto Nov St, step Jcstoh Bradtoa, 1 unbar, baker's Ialaad.k>w4Hii. Octte-Arr amp Ocean Express, Wflas, Jsrvto Mand a n d ate suuunccd tor tnssptoa steadc),HaasoaOaacs,NT,Bee»-Arr totg Cmsteis.Byrae,Bsl- Stoora.•eh-svessrvaaes,a>sererthetatwhichDISSSasa>theridethem—aadtherirnsgdees them good. They needthe retos, toe tat aad toe spur. Life and hberty are thatthee;lrtee»tv originated a the illfeelingwhichhas• • • • * • • • « . • Wheaevcrthatisaccotsplabeu(thbeellescottktoaofarepub-not inalienable. The Declaration of Independence to exAllthedoctrinesofthisbookaresuprjortedby the great orgaasof the democracy of the South— tike Richmond Examinervaa Richmond Enquirer. Lteten to the Kehmond Enquirer:—wHrtegur and nntoctes, to H V Brookaaen A Co to*? freves* «rf BectabaVk %")theasepteofthe1Booth,mi tt an evert act and sfor redress.»p«k»brieWar?EJeersfromTan •a tape epwtcito, sacee brig i.nev fit/afe. Dee 14. tot it 15. ton S S&,torMaiasa;Dees,I have sot tone to elaborate all the• » that rawtost the peopb or Georgia, of Sooth Cheoasa, of chmma, ar Fesssyhraaw, •sasotvetheUnion. 1standupon thiaillail1las mamerely spii^jtato took haff way ground. Thsyconaned the defence of slaveryto mere negro slavery, thereby givinguptheslaveryprinciple,admittingotherformaor slaverytobewrong,asdyieldinguptoeauthorityeftea Bible, and of theh»Mory, practices and experience of mangether with the generally unfavorable opinion entertained©ffBarrieeat Tth.Peer t nrent Ktoe (3 mast). Perry, Rio Janeiro Dee It, via Btare m bad odor at the South on account of their Union. Now, sir, 1 my that while the democrats are and potaicalevil. Thatfellyand delusionare gone, wvap inpoliticswflisell moregoodstothe southern- ers than ever.North Thegentleman from Georgia aeon this point says teat bis people back him to the opinion that the election ofarepublicanPresidentorSpeakerwouldbeacause of disunion Then I declare that on this point there at an un-Ship ytotond. from Apatoefatoola.Bark Maaton WttSaanaon. 17 davc from . Bchr Wide WorW. hrcsa Bavarmsh— all byHunJ. at- A. Petrie * Co., No. 44 Park place and No.39Barclaystreet,importersofsflks,ribbonssad dividedNorthinfavoreftheauuntenanceoftoeUnionaadnot exist.We desire to place on record this testimony ofSouthernmeninregardtotheinstitutionofslaveryand its tendencies; and having done tha, we wouldnow say a few words upon the question of secestheir recovery. The third lies in a critical coniiuon, an>l theold tody to eomuch tojered thatft to doubtful if she ever fully recoversAn officer named Turner hnemdiately took the matter to charge, and, with the sssatsnee of seme citizens,cueateamaferp Arabia (Br). Uverpool; ship Bstert, do; bark Ga-trimmings, mil a great many goods to the jobbersef the large cities of the Sooth. Mr. Petrie says itis too early in the season to make aay comparisonsbetween the transactioas of the present year aadthe mat. The representatives of the more ez-teasrve Southern houses are in town, and arelooking about them with a view to makingthetr purchases, bat as yet wo extensive saleshave been made, though business is quite asnrmknowasitwaslastyearatthai time. He,how-the toosuiutiou, arnf that we are determined to perpetu- ate it at ell risks and all hamrds (Applause from the re- publican beschea and from toe galleries.)Mr. LBJUUC, (dem ) of Va.— Virginia has a remedy.She was the judge of that remedy herself; she knew hernshui anu dare maintain them. She had never dreamedot creating an internecine war within the Union Therewas (a peaceful—« constitutional remedy. She hsdthe right, when she pleased, to withdraw from Strange doctrine this; and a strange government ported to Sanawich for confinement in the countyJan 18. avrnsil Wo toward bound Cromwall'a prosellera ta Bwaah Cbaraaal,ever. 11 ticipates that the Southern buftneas of his ownarm,andofotherimporters,willbeincreasedwaslaidonher.whenevershefeltthattheburdensofWelearnthataboeofpropelleratotobeestabhehedbetweenthe Union more then counterbalance the benefits, she lam year in oonseqasnee of the political excite- would say, with that quiet and dignity which became herdivided here upon this floor, while they are at open war,the coniederacy—(applause from the democratic dis- LEicnist*—whenever toe heavy hand of munemwinornation,allegiancetowinchfaaotamatterof jail, tbey were rescued by an armed mob andduty but convenience: and which may bedasolved set st liberty Thto at once attorned toe re-atpleasure.AndifVirginiaandNewYorkand sentmentofthewhitecitizens,andtherewaaaPennsylvania may secede at pleasure.itfollow- general commotion throughout die township, causing the thtocity andOalveaton, Teiaa. Thesteamer Commeree, builtfor the Untied Bates government at New Tcrk to 1847, 486 tons, haa been parchaaed through Henry Moufton. ship broker, on private terns, aad will be tbe pioneer of toe tine, whtoh r* to consist of four ateaanera.Aarxma&ur IXOTTJS—•gopplsmmit No 15 to toe Assertoan Lloyds baa been received from Messrs I k f l W Bi ant. toe pub -that Illinois possesses s similar right under the con- two opposing parties, white and black, to come into col ment. It is the country merchants at t i e South, proud and ancient renown, I withdraw myself from your stitution. And what then ? Illinois extends from toion with imminent danger of a popular outbreak. Alldotsgbasinemislittleplacesbackoftheseaboard, atsooauon,andstandhereas1wasoriginally,on tosthe ssvs, who probably wiil be compelied by their proud and elevated ground of pure, independent, undele- ing more than one-third of the Union from thecustomers to bay thetr goods at the South, instead gated sovereignty which I never parted with, and by Him Gulf of Mexico to Canada; and in the winter additional assistance Mr. Rowland Wingfie!d. magistrate, ofearningNorthforthem,attheyhaveatother who made meIneverwillconsent to dividewithyou. seasoncutsoffeffectuallyandentirelytheinter mccompaniedbyanofficer,wastoWindsoryesterdayfor times done. Bat the result wUi be merely mat That was the doctrine of Virginia. She would not fight hi assistance, and efficers and citizens went down tbe rivertheUnion,butshewouldq.it it theinstant she thought coursewiththeAtlanticoftheStatesofMissouri, withhimpreparedtoranyemergency.Tbecitiseaaarede-the jobbers in Charleston, Nashville, St. Louis proper to do so She held to the righto of the States as Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota and the whole north- aad the other large Southern cities, wffl pur- an absolute, indefeasible right. That right was amaaatoe west of the confederacy lying north of the mouth chase more goods at the North, in order to m IBcharacter, aotaggressive; dssenaivw, sot offensive; ef theOhio. Inotherwords,Illinoisextends from aapply these smaller merchants. Whatthey ashield,andnotasword;orifasword,ItwasasthatThe proprietors of this usefnl standard book of refe in all the principal aas prate of the world,seek mast come from the North—ami if the ttaming sword wbich guarded the gates of the garden ofdclpbia, err 6th Otoe, ham bunntag, Skibteld.A veriil. wig: barks raaama. Graves tor BctavtaCobb, Bora, scat Mllilnsi. Fax, for NOrtoana snPower, from Fcnambuco, for —— 12 or Uth; Chfton, Lewta, fromBalrnsore,dtar Adetasac,Wtogate,fromdt,arr8a,do; i be* Kd wm. 1utwjnha, from Boatesu arrtab,,do; OSarioa* • Tav, Hughea. frem kticaanoad, arr gtk do; Wm HEaen,turningeveryway,yetdoingbarm to BOBSexcept York jobbers, who commonly bay from the tin- to such as would attempt to invade the sacred prentices porters here,and sell again to purchasersfrom thatitguards. ThatwasVirginiasdoctrine,sad neither Governor W o e nor all the Governors to creation could the North, Sooth aad West, will not sea as many commit ban to any other. Governor W a s was elo- foods thts year, and the New York importers quent, end able, aad ohivalric, and brave, bat he was erratic, and b« (llr Leake) did not choose to be bound by he quiieathugeas ever,bat itamyflowthrough b* sentiments. HewasforState sovereignty, pore aadJnrtaSouthern merchants take this course, t i e N e wwill sell more. The trade with the South willdtfiereat channels. While our reporter was cou- absolute, and never intended to give it up. (Applause )greesof north latitude,of whichonly seven are south of Illinois. Now suppose that in the exercise of this absurd claim of ahight to withdraw from the Union,Illinoisshouldwithdrawaadestablishwithto toad to serious results. rienced very heavy Kates for ten days to toe Gulf and to the westward, split aai.h. sprung spars. *c Haa been w thin *X) rnues of Cape Henry since Dee 27, anchored off Cape HenryJan 9 in a thick fog.vemine with Mr. Petrie on the subject, there waa Although a week has passed sincetikisdebatePersonal Intelligence.Americans reentered at the banking office of Lansing,BRBamBotauz,Holmes,wentashoreonNatBeef. Tnrks Island niski of 27ib ult, and waa a total kaa A part of cargoGartreU. Leake and some twenty others, who haveIt is stated that lady Franklin will pay a visit to thiscity withma few weeks, ar, 1 that she will be the guest of and stopped. Took on board the coffee and proceeded on her•^•^B -•"•• '..•—"W5lw*w««wnlMenarenotbornentitled to equalrighto.Itwouldbethtocity,bythapsrasaratomcKaaoutragebyanumoer of negroes on the persons and property of several whiteterk aaiac.aa,freesatosrltotoraVcawss;So*XI, >a.tas it E.stoke>bto .iltawsitins, hetmn <1aiacwnsaeafoforr *ew York,Sfteshto Job* O Ctmcr. from Nev 13 l a t » W". ton » M « nie*e thto Jeaw « Ja a t l N, ton SI W, assss Mr Per»i.g far Loedoa. Dee » la*!»"torkBacahtoe fremLondonforAkmiay amawbra Crackertorways ttene; aad the pohticaJ excttemest.while itamycausetradetoSowmdifferentchan-sefa.eaaaotaffectareductionofthequantityofgvocto aaid, or a l i e n tram Northern aama the aaftaxof tocre occasioned bf the sale, (ieaeraily the r'enuykvania (Mr. Bickmaa), m aaaaamg of disunion kind Human experience, fCowing the universal success dlately fullowed by toe burning of the entire property of ?51* W. »Poke Br brtg ftecewav BeAe, from Baltimore for Btowhole doctrine of secession and a peaceable dis-union of the confederacy, is so perfectly manifestto every sensible man that it is almostimpossible to reason upon the subject.Neither the great West andNorthwest,northe North, the Bast or the Centre—andleast of all the South and Southwest—are to con-trol the future of this great republic. And our con-tionoftheirconstituents. Itismelancholytore- victionis,thatwhateverchangesmaytakeplaceto betweenhimaadMr.Brooks,the fatherofthetotePres-ravage, bavtorbeen detained a Permmbuco two weeks The captain thinks there to very little damace lo the cargo (By letter to til wood Walter, he.;, Secretary Board of Underannate.)BR BBir. ADi, arrived at Riehmond. Va. veaterday with toe crewofthebrigZacbaryTajlor(beforereportedabandoned;.Bess Luzrs Bessau. Todd, at Baltimore fnim San Andreas, repecta:—Dee24. to theOulf of Maatoo, passed s horse ctaU Mah and water casks, coold read "Near Oriaaoa" oa the cads, but could not make out toe rest—had apnarenQy been but a tsorttoneatoewater. Jan15.Poplar laiand bearingKaat. saw Br bng Sylph on nre: hove too to company wtth schr N S Bus. and suotber schr unknown, and rendered what acttotaac waa abac, aad succeeded in rescuing the ptiot, cataera and crew, and most of the sails, rig* log. A cBcBR Bn_»A^ Wri«bt. Ropers from Roektond for New York- was aebore at i asue Bill near Newport, hut was got off after throwing over ooaro deck load of granite, and arrived at New- port 1Kb. The vessel to damaged not to ezeeed S9O0.Bona Jtrao (of Orland) Newman, from Boston for Alexan" drla, put Into Newport Uth mat with loss of msfnmaatTbe following ia a summary of vessels wrecked on the Florida reefs ann aboaia. iccludinr those arming In utoUcca to the port rl Kev West; their eipeueee, salvages and aucuon sales, dur- )n(t tbe year 18W —Total number of accidents during tbe yearsteamships 1ships IS barks u briss nthe House that the election of Wm. H. Seward to the Presidency, or Sherman as Speaker, would be abundant cause fur a dissolution of the Union, aada ieadiiig c.iZfB, distinguished tor his philanthropic exer- tions m prosecuting the search for Sir John Franklindences of the weakness and folly of those who thus stultify themselves, instead of conveying to the country the feelings and opinions of any large por-Several years ago Mr Wiirfall, the new United States Se- nator from Team, was a resident of South Carolina, and a member of the Legislature of that State. A difficulty arosepress it for the sake of dollars and cents. He u flect that such teeakand childish men can beelect- our form af government,tor centuriesat least, we ton S. Brooks, and Mr. Wigfalt posted Mr. Brooks as a willing that all who buy of him should have theirs;mind that all political power in the Southern simple reason that the highway to the Atlantic, forchat-teg goods will allow ao considerations, other country is in the hands of the two hundred and fifty both the West and the Northwest, lies through the than the pnoe sad the quality of what he seeks, toBird, a son of the thts wife of Mr. Brooks, came to townabout that time, but in ignorance of the difficulty calledon Mr. Wigfall, with whom be was on friendly terms, and thousand slaveholders, and that a majority of the Atlantic States and along the great rivers emptyi ng u-.viU'l him to his then approaching w<»i;ding. The twoafiect him, as far as the mere business transaction six millions of-poor white men" teho do not hold inu the gulfs of Mexico and St. Lawrence. Who * concerned. Mr.Ivan FaHof. a Russian gentle- starts are in such a miserable condition that dareclosetheseavenuesagainst the millions deegentlemen wer« proceeding through the streets totfetber, when t i e placard in t\ section attracted Mr. Bird s alien tion. Turning at once to Mr W*gfall, be asked if he (Mr. Wigfall) was its author Mr. W. responded that ho was. Mr Bird then aaid he would tear it down. Mr. W. for- bade him at his peril. Mr B . however, did it. A shoot- ing aflray immediately followed, in whicb Mr. Bud waa killed by Mr. Wigfall A son oT Mr Brooks, Sen., took up the quarrel and challenged Mr. Wixfail. They met. Mr. Wiglall receive 1 Mr Brooks' dro unharmed, and then discharged hiB pistol in the air. The duel was at thto pomt arrested. Immedmtery afterward. Mr. Wigfall received a seosnd challenge from Preston S. Brooks, known subsequently for bis assault on Senator Sumner. This challenge Mr. Wigfail declined to aocepi. This quar- rel, however , w a s not allowou to subside, and to avoid (cither bloodshed, Mr. Wigfall soon a l a r withdrew from the State and removed to Texas, where he has since re-man connected with this ho aae, travelled in manyof the Southern States last fall, and brought home books have been published and circulated in favortined to occupy that great region forever devotedto freedom by the ordinance of 1787, even if it were many orders for goods. He aays he was every- Southern presses have openly advocated such pro- constitutional so to do. Not the East and the Genwhere treated with civility, aad polities, in connec- tion with matters"'of business, was never once broached to him.The memben of thefirmof Charle*Scott&Co.,No. 254 Canal street, importers of embaoideries lions of white and four millions of colored popula-tre, strong as they are; and certainly not the South, with a canker in its bosom which places it at theand white goods, my their scattering trade with the South during the past season has been quite as huge as it was during the same period in the year preceding, and the Southern merchants have been a* prompt with their remittance*, as ever. But the regular Southern trade of the season has s o t com-tion of the Southern States.The idea of enslaving the poor white population*'Total value of veareis and cargoof redncing them to a state of slavery.' And many ceeding. It follows, then, that these "hre-eaters,Mas they boastfully call themselves, represent simplythe save poweTof the South, or in other words, mercy of such madmen as Brown and his hand-65the twohundred and nfty thousandef thesixmil-ful of fanatics, tofrighten herfrom her proprie- ty, sfordoesthepowerorthe rightto do thisgreat wrong exist anywhere. We are a nation one and in- divisible under the constitution and Union, and alle- giance is due by us to the general government pre ciseiy as it is due by the people of Prance or Eng- land'to their respective government. Like them,of the South is by Do means a new one; and it isexpressly defended by its advocates upon theground that the slavery of the Bible waa not negro we have the right of revolution; hut we have no slavery, but white slavery: and that negro slavery right peaceably to .leeedt' or destroy the govern-l o u lofsalvagesalvage and cxpensea. auction salesn enced with them, ami does not generally begin was the exception. In regard to the present con- ment. Every attempt to do so is treason: and sided. From has seclusion thence he has now emergedTbe cMpper ship Buterpe. J0O0 tons restoter (prevtooaly re' ported ashore on ii. tner (thoals>. ta now on ute torse eccuonai dock for repairs. She will be stripped, reeaolked and newly coppered. The ship Judith to also on the balance dock for the same purpose.The Al ship Jacob A Stamler, 1100 tons, about S years old' built in New Tork, was purchased yesterday by Messrs Dun" hum k I>imon, to run in their London line of paeceta, on prl vate terms.UiCKCHsn— At Buekaport 11th inst, from the vard of Joseph I. Buik. h>j, a bark called the Jeaate Naholaa, of about SB) toua owned by the builders, Capt hataotoc twho will command iasr) and others, of BneksoortH o t t e r a s M a r m a r a . Qrssetsas,Dec13,IMS—Aasttochasbeentossedfrom tinVooriah Consulate at Utbrahar, scttfymg ah vecsato, oatoaa tbey dnptay their nauonal colors on approaching toe coast of Morocco, they will be fired into.Q g HALL, Agent Asa Agency.The Dutch government of Batarta ton given notice lo the French «onaiil General at that colony that a signal station h a s been eatabuahed at Anjer, a fort en a n west coast of Java. Tbe ufljeer ta charge will commuatoate a vesscto anchored to thatroadstead,orpacafngineightofthepert,aaymeatsreit maybewishedtoconveytoitembymeansoftheuniversal code ol signals for toe mercantile martoe of all aattocav drawn upbyMsrrv-atandKsaardson, and will duly torwari the an cwetsreceived.strsrsa acca SCOT, anas LOPSR taaas. BaiJuuTOrnca,Dtmua,tas.T.,late.Noticetotecchygiven,thatiniormaoonhasbeenreceivedatthis cihcc tint a s hapy whtoh marks the H—ter Jtoavstttabefore Feb 1. Their dealings are principally with dition of the great mass of the white populationof the retail men, who boy later than the jobbers. the South. Governor Hammond uses the followingTVy seem vulxnexl to ttelieve that unless the language:—pulmie excitement with regard to the sla-very question, is speedily okayed, the south- by hunting, by fishing, by plundering fields or folds' east and on the Gulf of Mexico, may as well makeern trade will suffer. Oae of the ttrm, and too oittn by what a as effects is far worm, trad up their minds that we are all parties to a com-who has recently returned from an extended tbur ing with slaves, am" inducing them to plunder for tbeir pact in which we have taken each other as a man recently appoated United Stater. Marshal for the Northernthrough the south aad West, Bays that two mouths awo, when he left the South, there were no intima- tions there that business with the Norm would he at all interrupted, owl he thought thatevrry day that the excitement was- continued the chances for at brisk business with that section diminished. The mtfchaamatthe South hadenoaghstock on hand to carry them through a year. He denounced the course of the HBBALO. which, by predicting evil, waa briagmg it epon as, aad deemed theelection, without delay, at a Speaker bathe House efRepresentatives,asfarastheprosperityofthe n i innail roiatinn of the two mcatena of thebeseatMr. Farren, another Southern writer, says —In theAfter the close of the Indiana Democratic State Con- vention at Indianapolis, on the 12th tost., two of tbe dele-They obtain a precarious subsistence by occasional jobs •West—the North and the booth—those on theAtlantic and the Pacific coasts, and at the North- paid their respects, in a body, on the 8th inst., to tbe widoweeaatrywaaaaaaaraad.amweowaaow. Ifwaa aatthemerchantswhohadhreaghtthisatateofthings towhileawayaaexistencea astatebutoaeatoptoad- Pursuant to call the opoosotoa membersoftheTen butascratchortwo.•pea toe country: they hsd no interest in raising sporinraltempest—namethereverse,itwasthepo- magnitude,andnothingbatachangeapublicseuument tost evening Thoughtoeweatherwasqtoteinclement, aucianawhothrivedbysuch agitations,andwho willeflectitscure. the entire detogwaon, with one ortwoexceptions,wasvance of the Indian ef the fareat. Rto aa evil of vast cessee Legislature assembled a the 8cnate chamber onCap:. A. W Bowman, Maj. L. P. Graham and Cape N. G.Evans,UnitedStatesArmy,aretaWashingtonHon. Charles A. Ingersoll, Judge ef toe Halted States hCo.asvealars^Soaxaerattade.Abouttwenty-hve millions of white laborers, when white women are geronsly lit of rheumatism a toe breast, aad fever result-exerted themselves to romant them. Cbaries Scott present and participated a the preosedtags.Keen1of thetr businessis with the Sooth. The seen working in the cotton field side by side with actios ef the meeting. We have not tone or space at ingfrom it,fornearly twoweeks. Atone tone his recove-had been tarred aad feathered m Qaargta aad sent the debasing mflnence of the institution of sla-home, is not strictly true, though it is founded in very upon free labor. And it is the knowledge of glorious earnest, aamawmmm of seal for the struggle feet TheclerkhadmhatpossessiononeofHenry thaactthatinducestherepublicanpartytoarray whichTensesseetoresolvedtomakea behalfofnational,Loasoa, Dei. 13, late i The Bart of Dublin Corporation hsa given notice teat on and after the 1st jay of February, Into, toe fmtowtag aberwuon will be made In the light at present exhibited irom the ughthouae MARITIME INTELLIGENCE. situatedontoenorthsideoftoeentrancetoUrookbavenontheBBISTOL, J a n 17—Bat sear Barah MCALAIS Jan 9-Arr schr G D King. Wosstor, NTork. Uth, sate8csue, Betain, MewYorkBABTPOKT. Jan ft-Arr Ttota, Dav».BnaoB (and aid for NYork )Ward Beechersatrmoas. which he had picked upat Macon.Ga.,aad which waa deemed an incen-diarydocumentbythepeopleofOotombws,totheaaase fewate. Me was, merefaee, twaiseu 10 waveme latter place, and he accepted the invitation. of slavery? Why, simphi to reduce Otis white a committee appomted at a preliminary meeting, pre- Bathewassotdressedinacoatoftarandfeathers. population to Mattery,forwhichtheyclaimBible sentedaseriesofresolutionsembodyingthe senseofthe Oae of the members of this Arm souths had heardU stated that mere were southern merchants at to the moral condition of tha negro." But thaThe purport o" these resolutions consisted to recommending toe assembling ef a rattans! coaveouon to aomi-me flu Nicholas Hotel who had come 2iorihto buyOS S O wTOIafCr mmawaa awaW aeeW w a ^a^m^l*w>wscljmoods,hut,Jestfae/octshouldbemadeknownat which want rata uuiiaman a few week* natearTcateeattaltickettheannouncementoftheprin-aW awaah,aseiecma io regular thetr name*, or Mace, ami reduced to perpemal eavrery every ciples whtoh govern the opposition of Tennessee a theupon the books of Ike hotel. free negro found in the Hams em mw lath day rresentatato of public anairs—(he aseaaaaam of the••weewsjr..... Jeathnawtae. .Jan. 11... .Kew York wtoh.merely as a rumor. The i n n hasname of Hon. John Bell aa Tennessee's choice tor Presi- oent—the approval of the course of toe opposition repre- sentative* ta Congress to relation to the apaakceafato con- test—the ealttng of a State Convention at Nashville on the 32d of February—and the recommendation of fetetoryof c-mnty meetings on the first Monday to February—the whole of whtoh were unanimously and b y aaaaaaawa aaejese.A beacon wiU be tatted on tee outer eastern point of toe Aldermsn rocks, or wkteh due notice will be given.[The bcsrhigc aresasssstto. VwtatajnaUidm W to tete I JOHN WSSHINUTOB? Hydrographex._ Bid from Ban Fiaactooo tea a s , bark B a m NB, caacrtecaArr to Ha% Nov 8, bark John Welto, Woodbi Ochctoktcc,jamHstebteC wh ofl oad 8000 lbs boo*At Catiao Dec 10. laiandcr,,ve ftaaSouth. He aays he haa visited all theto with regard 10 Bemwmm coaaection with matter* ofHe thhtkathe Southerners may notarvely mis year as they haccount'of the large cotton crap ofnmt year aadtic coeds, wakh the prosperity of the Soataeraera them to bay hugely. Doohtieas manya woam awmwBsi casa wmm ma>tonainre.nndm•*»'3? mTai^t?' **»'ma^ma'a^aS satsre. • • • Freesoctotya aftamra.Weamveclerks oa account of aad does aot mtead to.the of the firm of Carter, Stewart & Co.,away, are to be sold in perpetasl alaaary at public£u£^uQmtmtm,4Mtmym\u^4m\holdaaaay,yeanam1amiMeitnmmtiaatavary,meaid bulktoseveralteas;theycameadeafenagroar,aad are accompanied by are and smoke. Tbe exateece of.a- ja^cuhj^uiM to*VT Omwanrlm HI ha* just remaway, auction thethe•aM into the teJsTaf1 ,att am i s M,^w,^^,**•,NJ»!_flYmssctaty • a meestreos abortion, aad shivery the healthy, besuttfnj, sad asmral beteg whtoh they are try. tog aneosscKXtsty to abopt The slaves are goverse d tarthiavolcanotossnotbeenknownuntiltetaerry,whtohla probably the reason that it baa attracted a»BoorTkusaaMnsoan,Mass—TheboottradetoMil ferd,Worcestercounty,Mass.,in1869,washuge. Stabs tics show that the number of cases sent from that town were124,0£O. Tbe134.000cases, reducedtopairs,wouldUntitled Document"fe-atetaw-ai^^abort altowsncr, aad wnsanppbnd wnh teB'.ton74801. nma~«es.kst,tab,«*.,**3,82,aitf,aas,s»,Weooaota4ijptthetheorythat Bamwasthege Q'WS»^K».Bvtoretarn Port*. faf December htm; and under wkeek thiaaiiids arefleeing to the Horth, while whole fsmffies number-ingTaa daubt, many thouaands,faeepebieof gettingprietyof passingatmfia UgisatureofMimouribut the voice of the vai Supreme Court, has, we believe ed the infamy in Tensessee.Boqoeat speeches were delivered by ex-Governor N. of P Brown,Gea Jo.G.Pioheti,representativefromSmith:Wm. Kwag, isq . representative from Wilson, and Mr. of the CarawiU, representative from McMan.check- The resolution relative to ex Senator BeU and the Preti descy was adopted with samsatoattc demonstrations ofIn regara to this oaastioa ef enslaving the poor warns population ef the South. Mr. George Ftttv hogh in h a book, upon "The Failure of Free So- ciety,- • •lir-iiir- in Richmond, holds tha followingteams" what a - .?* •***•• " * A « '"*•" wanwwka^aaas- • • • Slavery has beentooutoveawalaottobeepetaase.The meeting throughout wasat the highest degree.A VOLCANO JH Haw Yoax STATB—The TroyArenaofJanuary16toresponsibletortabfblwwag:—to those not conversant wnh them They can, however,....«.-*. 1—J.--aw___,ha^asmssmnrvmaafamt*si•—••• rcaiIn isSantoss- ^ %U DteecaUi acsBswOu D T UjOUawjaafltAJa f j l Wa^aaD*9aaaaWsa8 l^eaaavicaity alluded to, and may be rehad truetaeverypartiestorIn nearlyoppositeWestPotiU,theretoammntttinknowna the neighborhood as Break Neck Moaatete, teto whtohcome from what quarter it may, will be punishedaccordingly. And our friends of the East and theinto the Senate sf the United States.takes bis wife, "for richer, for poorer—for better,forworse"; aad we must try to be just and eoncuiatiBgto each other, and strive to live in peace—neverholders possess generally but very small meant; aad the loamg sight of the fact, that any ami eoery refrac- gates, Col. May and Mr. Dunham, had a set-to. A s Mr.more southern portion of thia region, the non-slave-landwhichtheypossessisalmostuniversallypoorandao tory memberoftheconfederacy thatattemptsdis-sterile that a scanty subsistence is all that can he derived union, will most certainty, be whipped into sub- fromitscultivation,andtoemorefertilesoubeingathe jection.possession of the slaveholder, most forever remain outof the possession of those who have none.Mr. Wilham Geary, of South Carolina, treating upon thesame subject, says that aay man who to an observer ofthings, coold hardly pan through our country without beingstruckwiththefactthatallthecapital,enterprise andintelligenceHIemployedadirectingslavetabor,anduxensQ OfTHEorrositioNtbeg consequence n that a targe portion of our poor NI86KE LEGISLATTRE. whitepeoplearewhiliysegleeted,and theyaresuffered [from toe Nashville Whig,Jan.11]DunhamwasproceedingtothePalmerHouse,a company withDr Eddy,Col May,whostoodontoeearnerby toe Bates House, creased over, and calling to Mr. Dunham, said he wished to speak to him. Dunham replied, "Y ou cant speak to m a " At this rcpty the Colonel "hauled oil" and struck a heavy blow at Dunham, which the lat- ter parried and returned with a severe counter on May's forehead, over the eye, which cut a targe and ugly look- inggash. Severalotherblowspassed,thoseofMr Dun hsm»ioingconsiderableexecution butspectatorsinter- fere*) to a moment and parted the combatant*. Col. May was badly brutosd and cut. Mr. Dunham escaped withcon, NTork; Mtanawota. Baker, sad Mary1 bt*nssnnna J sshassssssM nm anssssssneCr anf BsnlTtl fctsssssissasssn Ntvtoaaa^8Jd,wtodNW,NBasdN,ctapJJBiCahMWts.BALT1MOBB, Jan 17-Arr steamahrp Locmt rwtot, F i a i h . Ctaartosaa;steprtortkisis,WlUcomb.Fsnnsi,Ctab.barkOo- lumbto fBrem). Semcke. Bremen schr Lfcato Bsmsfl, Teod,J Grfflto,!Jahraj Bttegewatar {Br'j. Pike, St John*. NF ccbr ttoreon. Barbs4sss Bid. stapTtora McDaaald, Fuller Cadu. berk lymaont, Ohver, Bivcr ta Ptala, brto Ansae Gcsccrt (Br,, Cochran, West It dies, schr • Feci Ices, Pnanreon, 'year evinced the truespmt, and that the whole body gave I >nof the slave tastitutioa conservative, Union principle*•..-MewTartforksouthwest coast of Ireland.The light, which is a fixed ligtawm continue lo chow wtetotowards Longtatoadbay.aad awards the toner portion ofi-rockbavo*.bumwillbeclorcdrcdintoedtrcotiocofthealderman roekaaad Btoask head, or when bearing from a veaset bexwen N W >, Wsato N by B. Vcccen. ikssVsa aboatto enter Crookharen should, a order a clear these rock* a ton for Baltimore Blamed en awoaat cfjeed wad, herkepassingthem,keeptothenorthwardoftaeaoraern state of toe red light. The light to elevated 83 fast above the level of high water, thewkate portion of it should bevisible to elear weaiher from a diatance of 13 miles, s a t the red about to mflcc The ltobt lower to efrcutarris feethiybandcolored white. Itstandsatatellb36N,long9tl»WcfThe Hon. W, L. Martta, of Wilson, was called to the freeterri:orvoftheUnion. And what is chair,aadtheopposition editorial corps anted aa Secre-TALL RITBM, Jaa ta-Arr ctoop Ana Bv—a NYork, «_ ^- «_theremedyproposettattheSouthfor thisdehase- ment of the white man produced by the institutiontariesDr. John W Richardson, of Rutherford, as chairman ofFROMitraara...Jan. 4 . ..Jan. *.. ...'aa. 4... ..Jan. 4... ..Jan. 4...te, r^nV-Arr^brto B e ^ B Panne, GOkey, BonatoaforPoruaad; scar DasSaw^/^iJUtoScto itos_warrant, at 'the only means of elevating them meeting.14th— arr eehra BheSeUa Basw, Feaarcon. rasann ssr envna nah. B r Sperka. *«»«*. ^ ^ ^ V i ^ V ^ J j i J ^dofcialtona^'Ball. K Gecrsto *r_duthaiefasubstances of vartese hinds, together with fragments ofanimal extotonce. Tasm mamas amount sometimes taavery to mat rase1Srtr T V . J S . M , rtawe, t refer C WOteM, Oetotog. F Pear J M Parker. ~rWmmawe (Br. aftft aramO, O n ! .ZttL%%ft a^'te^^^ latoraavayoa, a htodterTagtosdbaasamvaav u-ta sen tmasr Hone Kosg, on ccrscrc accoant. Bed aad tar do. Gctemtzsrz • p a s wood tarstttetxHial andas a saaceal man.sad secession, Mid—"But ir eaasmwm mesas a divi- ofstovesociety,andtheuniversalfailureof freesomen, a Litistu wholiatl laysty letup ahlroagainstttin negroes orsade:*aaesay.esi•aathera clothiers boy clothe* •ready made in Miithara elates, or bay the cloth hare mat have teea made ap here. Thia year, proosuiy, the Pooirern jobber* will bay their cloth here,and home the foods made up in 'he Southern cities.and there sold to the nstail dealer*. This, of course, v\U be to the disadvantage of the wholesale dealersis ready made clothing at the Mortk.J. R,JaJasy&stems, hrportentoflaces, No. 350Broadway, have feeeiwed DOintimation from theirBsathern eaatoaarra nf any estrangement growingont of the sahbe excitement with regard to slavery.Their basineas with the Bouth m extensive, and hatbeenfointtyyearspast ProbablytheywouldbetheMatt»amiaayeeilenactsfreaathepresentcoaditwa teat,wehaveeighteenmillionsef peopleatthenorth to HtiteexperimentoffreesocietyaWesternEuropehasThat was a part 01 the present proceedings, all of which areundoubtedlytheresultofacombined conspiracy for purposes of robbery and revenge.an inlignation meeting was held by the negroes tost week, when certain uissures were resolved upon which wereattheUaeunknown, hutwinch may probably re cetve an exptoaation to theevents which we are about to record. A t about twelve o'clock on Octal a ay sight, a m r nrgroei went to the bouse of Mrs. Greyeau, situated about twomiaafrom the rtver, and male a concerted st-ack spce it The mmates consisted of the m:sttces of the house—a respectable. aged woman—and three men who bearded with hsi* These were George Clark, Boumbray, aad another man named Kuwards, who was111 the employ of Clark All of teem belonged to the anti- negro party, sad had mam themselves obnoxious by tberr seal to denouncag the race in the strongest terms, on ac-hc.kecce for Ban Francisco. ReferOliveBr—eh(ftB~aiwtsm.'•pGreat ftAaetoBar,J«sion ef territory by Mason and Uaon s itos, or aay other line,Isayno,thatitihaiisotbe" fcdanress myopinion, says Mr. HtckmaD, and it saaygamfth to toe ooantry, tnat LbcNorth wiii never toierateaarvmon of territory— a sentiment which was spplauded by republicans who en Sstscd toat aeatuMBS.llr HICKSJIX, (rep.) of Pa.—If Iamomred an oppor- tunity I wUi state elaaovy w a t t I said.The floor being yielded, h e continued.—Issaawhsa the ome abail come, if it ever should come,was unavailing to theaa, because they were preelodec toemiaauffaga.bfadmittingslaveryatheabaaaatto be wrong The delence of mere negro slavery involved themvastillgreaterdifficulty. Thelawsofall the8otab era tastes jusuned toe homingof white men insJaven provided that through the mother they were descended, however remotely, from a negro stave The bright ton iatt.*a, aetomag to their theory, ware wrongfully heki in slavery.l;ec?l, wi'fe ccfiee pimento, ac to T Bthe Highlands, spoke scar Frjtog Tton, boa Twgteta'n? Oioectvtrr.erbr Sindoro, Heath, Gonaives, with logwood and mahogany toB I>drnorwiar.i to.f rhr Jaue >' luirlee Da^ia,Franklto, La. tadavs. vta Hamp- ton Boat)*. wSbaugat aarl trrn acaea MBtorgec a Oo. Haa ex- periejited bead * tote and heavy weaStow most af toe passage- kftbtadrail.*,tptasails 1c. .tanW, tot« 44.km 7630,pick ed up a to'e ta ostsan. aa^ not been awste —Schr Wiiiei » BobMri Peteraen, Washisgtnn. BC. 4days, wSbeottoi, a s , » B Btoaaass A ton SnSa V JWkawa.Schr J v Tayior, Roe, Waahmgum, BC, 4 days it.uiKM Hackwell ACo.i**r lohn keathali. Veaderton,B>hr M Piatt, fmttb. WewKeni, B(!, 4 days.fearDc auto, maw*vwgtoto,tety*Brfer roparonin. V an Bame Virginia, S d a y sFehr tiatlkew Tarrao, Jr. BMrfdge. Vlrgtoto,f ehr Barbara. Hedges. Virgtnla. 5 daraPcbr W \t fiutan S^ragg Vtrrtrto tor Wew H a v e s . £chr aarieua toBSS. ransaa, VSnWto tarjtow Haven. Bear Mamie Barber llizabethport for Westerly. cebr h a t aavto. Staasvare. LaSatoTm dayaSa^Jl^iSyWrti^S8^^ ^<^*?>wtt^'KH*'i*7*' Keaeaer rearei e a t e r tvevstaWCSWatisinrr Wealetiaaaer Jonea. V i c i U c a s sThe Btarssbt, teat arrtveC m onamntine tost tdste,asmates Ueht. Crowwo, forItit thegreatreThelawOfdefence,however,ischangednow.aad toe NorthacompletelycorneredanddumbasanoysterThe theSsmh,swnlbefomMtstthatteasmimareisaset Southaewmatntsasthatslaverytoright,naturalandae-when a dnsohition sf UMUnion will he paiaated m bythe peopleotanyState,or by the peopleofmanyStates,attied determination to prevent rtaantnn at all cost and at aasmey. It sbowsthatalldivine,and almostail human anysacrifice That a what I saidatmatsame. Ithen authorityjuaUfiesit. TheSouthfurthercharges,thatto.-wuh theSouthern merchants. Maegeatt. most of now that we can make more arms and munitions ofwarthem/Southernmew,aretravellingintheSouthern inninetydarsthantheSouthcanpurchase. Wecanpro- theyareonlyfittolabor,nottodirect—yettoeprinciple bestmannerpossible,but,sstheyweredestitute of fireStates, aad aoae of them have yet met with let or car* mare volunteer* to enrol thrmeshaa —das that ban-arms, the invading party soon effected an antra—e The negroes were armed with kniveaand clubs, and, although thewhitemenfoughtdesperately,tbey were ta theend overpowered, knocked down, and beaten and est a to* moat terrible manner. The old tody was then attacked and beaten In a a inhuman style, a s d , alter being render- ed helpless by the cruelty of the rontons, was subjected tothemostueadtohindignitiesandwrongsthatcanbein- flictedonwonmuktad.Having accomplished their work of outrage and do e&oHUondoctnnes unlllose much of their South- and while the member from Georgia declares tost the »Mitnowa ltotruelight,sndregarditasteemoatash struction, the hand departed, leaving their victims tying ern custom in the present crisis, sad that those «lection of a republican to the Chair will, iptofodo. be the and stable basis for treetiatituuoasin the world. It i- ut their blood, and tbe house almost a wreck When the whichhavenetpermittedthemselvesto bemixed causeofowemon—Imythattherea so etvsnon in the impossible,withus,thattoeconflictoaatakeplacebe neighborsvisited theplaceintbe morningtheyfoundall tweentaborandcapital,whichstakesitso difficulttoes- af the family ta a speechless state except ose,who was tablish and matatato free institutions ta all wealthy and able to give the names of the assaulting party They were highlyorriliatunektonswheresuchkawmawaaasoursdo all frightfullycutand bruised, aadtwoofthem—Clark aad Boumbray—so much tayared that there a n o hope ofhindrance. Orders are received daily from theSooth, aad the Southern merchants, in their com-munications, do aat Breach the subject of politics.They do aat hold back their remittances, and areaasaaaamgu amnygoodsasisthev wont at thatseasonottheyear.Oneofthemembersofthener which shall have inscribed upon it " The eonttttntioD sad the Union" asm am he rawed by conscription at the Sooth. That hi what I mean, and 1 hope ho misapprehension may go out and be ISJthereafter ss to my massing. Iwiilaayaword further. Gentlemen seem to omgratnlate reiveshereattheideathattherelaadrvtaanoffeeaagNTorkarmexpressedthebeliefthaimate houses which Hi theNorthonthe subject of the amansaaaoa of the toit.ManyatheSouthoncebelievedthatitwaaamorasirnedtoBassett,BasesACo. aidtaschr D W Bayley, Banferd. for Bew Tort lipsrtostafl strongnortherly Sad westerly talei all thejusssge. spht satts. cave York 4th, Africa hhaases. tor sto1 bulwarkc and received other damage. 4th mat, off Daesa,•poke ackr Oen Bar aej, for New Tcrk.tomsof(allureareabundanttoournorth. Whileittofarconntofthetrmattesta thatparticularvtekdty. When more obvious tost aagross be slaves thanwham far tee house waaattacked they defended themselves to theof slaveryto to itself right, and does not depend on dm* reace of compiexirn. •[FromtheRichmondExaminer.]Tha sgitetior.useproducedonehappyelect, at toast ithascompelled usoftoeSouthtolookintothenatureand characterofthisgreatinstitution,and tocorrectmanv fatoettnpscatKaathatevenwehadentertainedtarotationJAcarax. Jan 1—Rd actor D W.Bayley. Bsnfordkrvaarroca. Bw ctogton, Bennet iRoseau, Fcrktac, forbury. fat*do Mg*B B IKitty Vtevd, Sarborn. far b e Crleanado:»ark BOBJaeteto.Vratoa.itin. for do coon; aar of the West Morrnoa,' tor de tab:tsar, tiabot Wana tor r-asiaewrptoa m a tew Cays: Sarah K 1 Ugrew. ataateak. tavcta, a» aaccmd the 8 Canst; W jton, fordo lah;Marv KucseH aeratoa. tor Bahtaaore to adayJorUhartoronJanS, Piortoa. noru- VWlto sneeeed the T: nor Lena-Son, an a; Ad Snow, bowe, for NMew OPrinseacacs tot; Ptoavone, Brooskas. tfaarr do, aceccssSthaABw1-aBAiaa. D e e * - l a pert atop K F Wutette, Uctaa, Bedlord reedy.LoAsno Nov 90—In pert bark Ann A Mary. Balern a about ft) daysHAWIUL. NOV »—in pert stops Jostoh L Bate, Oeala, far 1 York Idg: has'ern Biar, Jones. Aurora. Ciough, a n t Tear, Jenkins ior do do; lonuna Madder, for Baeton, italvtonrr, Jccketm. use; hsdeetry, Wwers. far Meibonrnc.BJII AH. Nov 14—In port ships Dursjro. Berry, for NYork- Fly- irp>»gi«- Bales lor hmaapore. korway, Major, far Harama; Surlon, Gross frt or charter; brig Kmaaa. GUI, told up.aEsmWA, Dec m—in port bark Fleet Kagle taaptoa, ter Boa tor antJan6;asd others.PAi rsa<•: Dee 11—In port, barks Neapolitan. Bardett. tor Boston: Biogreseo (Sard), for do (ew daya; Pa In tan, s';pt"*edforNYork.schrhammingBird,Daviefrom' ferNTckAr at do loth, brig Ocean Spray, Stubbs. Bl«aworB i d l r « h , b a r k O i a J t a ( B a r d . . B uv r r li ce a a a a s s . . "b r i g i u t t o B , P s B s , W •toSuUT ork: lyit.abijj A M ILawre.nee. Cltaypnte, Bahtaaore; t4cm>- eae bark «Wwaiiilin'Tsili Murteni as;brtsa Ida (Mr.. Morrnaw. Philadelphia (has been reported for Boston) B K Bates, e h - key, HYorkP s a a s e , Bov te—Da port stops VeraaJUcc, Bher borne, for Boston Mg' Nui wcatai Ahxv. rrom Mnsapore, arrOctS, torBid Nov 14.atop atovely, BJtoT,New Tors, YAHA*C, Oct 29-Ko Am voccelto port, tarnvrsvoww, l*ee St.—Arr ship EdwardC'aliso for a ntwerp.Bio JASBISO Bee 11—In portaionordisunion. Mr.Leake myaitis therightotVirginia to withdraw from the Union "the instant ceeoed in arrowing the whole party. They wore foundshe thinks proper to do so."' And Mr. GartreU of to be four notorious desperadoes, viz —Bill Stevens,Georgia, exclaims:—"Such is the right of Virginia. and also of New York and Pennsylvania."GeetgeMinersadtwobrothersnamedLeak. Assoon a forHavasaandMewOrleans,at4PM. WindveryUgh*,fromthe month of the Ohio to Lake Michigan, embractheofficersweresummoneifromtheadjoiningtownship37deg.to41deg.north,includingnftymilesofthe shote of Lake Michigan; and in the winter season there fa no means of intercourse with the north westers region, up to the parallel of 49 degrees north and the Atlantic, save through thisfrom wbom reports rstorive to the surveys of vessels ai conataatiy received and inserted m their supplementsin har boundaries a despotism, prohibiting the citia Charleston jobbing merchant in the store, ex- occurred, we republish the foregoing portion of it, zens of all foreign countries to nam through her Baldwin k Co.Ko. 8 Flace de laBeurae, Paris, from De- aaved to damaged condition.amining goods with a view to purchasing them, who intimated that he should have to bay more than usual this year, in order to aapply the country merchants.cember 16 to December 29,186U—Wm F . Moore, T. M.Hooker and was, W. Turner Patters >n. N. Barony andwife, & Meyerheim. C L. Guiel.aume, J. 1), Davis, MasL D. Perkins, Thoe Shepard, J. Seligman, L. H, Simpson casks of wine and boies of soap. She kas a full cargo of wine, and tody, I.. Bbcnefoux. Richard Douglas and wilt, New madder, soap, leather, ac, moat of which it to feared will be arather for the purpose of reference hereafter than for any present comment.Those who are familiar with Comrressional de-territories. 'What would become of the great Northwest? Missouri following her example and acting ia concert with her, could abut oat foiever lour-hlths of the territory of ourBa Bate Ainxajrosn Wont, previnaaty reported aahore, as" nine feet of water in her hold, hanall vscsels are taking ou- cargo: one of tbem hsa arrived st Wihr tacton NC, with a fewbates need sot be told that the general characterDexter. Lambert a. Co.. No. 540 Pearl street, of Southern speeches on the floor of the House of Union from aD intercourse with the Atlantic. Turk; John G. l a w , MtcstohnaMto, P . Peon Gaakei;. a a i toss.Bmmitet-tii'sia of silk fringes and trimmings, haveloose!* m New York, Boston and Philadelphia, anddeal largely with merchants from ail pans of thecountry. They have no anticipations of a fallingoff is their Southern trade. Although their winter foolishly and childishly proclaimed on the floor of The mishap, the foliar and tike absurdity of thisbusiness with the South haa not aviriy commenced,yet they have sold more gooes to Southern mer-chants thus far the present year than they had soldtrade, and he thinks the Southern merchants are of the same opinion He has his own political creed, and does not hesitate to express it, and win not re-be' he ccnceivea that a merchant desirous at par- ed to seats in Congress; but it mast he borne in shall continue to be one people. And this for the ntfcal and a coward, after tbe fashion down there. Mr.Bepresentatives fa characterized by reckless flip- pancy rather than by dtgaity. diacreiion or judg-And this we are gravely told bythe grown up bo?/sPfnnsylvama; B?v. J. M. Hoppin, Mrs. Floppin. RhodeBaas Roawar C WSICBT, at Mobile from Bto Janeiro, has 3TO0 bags coffee. On her ravage she experienced heavy wea- ther and prune a«ak. b a b y constant pumping was kept tree, and put in w • rentambueo. After dtoehargtog tela) bags toe leak, waa tound in tbe stem, one of toe tmtts baring started,according to the constitution and the conditions ment, sad the speeches of such men aa Keitt, of our emton.who sputter nonsense on the floor of Congress, isIsland", land.Dr. £ . T. Simpson,Ohio:G. B. Homaan,Mary--.of which atafafOFTHBTBI-Thai atate of things—this aorribto debasement of anthmsasm, fervor, and earnestness characterised the District Court far the Dtotrict of Connecticut, haa been dan entrance of Looab Lame, to out of ha poattieo. Immediatehas a high reputation at the South. A rumor the negro, tor the paltry sum of twenty-five cents this tote hear to nets at length the stirrag mdeems of ry was doubtful. but we learn that be is now recovering the occasion. Suffice it to say that every participant auunasa—s w COAST—aTSKAno* or uaas ax caneaauvaa. W P Dehver, Chaea, Went ladtoc. batitaa Cliffoni, Hrnaouaarnic urnct, Ajarjsaurr, (which waa currant that aaaaf as travelHag derks Sr day—at the natural and inevitableconsequence this the primary movement in the great contest of thia rspMry, and to considered entirely out of danger,perfectsiate,betfromreliablesources. Itwouldappearttatorecaswyaks aatiamofatosaryamtahawdunder dtaposttton of a large majority of the negro popotation ratesfroateeaaadbad wcaitou affteWi " at I wry great difficulties, because its apoogtoto—tor they were resist ni near and upon the borders. This action, to- tkeahahtwaSaaad cabas Toot a pilotgreat dtotorhanoe among the latter, and many threats were'made Rwilltx>recollectedthatanumberofcases of toe nwctBBaranteriBto occurred not long s a c e , immeTVittisJiLT. will, « flee u. JE1K)» Bta to M wBB ehto O W Bonn.*, tor Haw urteeaw. Baa* cataf a litis, tote Oretta. firifiia, beta BO«D» INK18,tat1614S. Ion SS » W, apoae rrtgPKtogEaglS.erWVCTk. from Bonaire tor Bto ttrande, BaJtow the accmsd sssto when M days; Das ate, tot U » a,toatheir arrest became known, there waa a general uprising of the negro papulation. and before tney could be trans-SB: weather hazy.of Maiden, and citizens were despatched to Windsor fortermined upon arresting the murderous band who committed tbe outrages, and the negro population are disposed toprotect them, aad there to consequently great danger of ageneraldisturbance Tbewhitesandblacksinthatandate acjotaag township are about equally divided a num- SHIP BTLVASTJS BLISCHAFP. Tork, st New Orleans from bers, and, while the latter are vilianous and desperate, Boston, reporta thai on toe » m u l t t b e vessel struct on rtokhtBeef, coast of Florida, by whtoh her shoe « a a knocked off. the former are resolute and determined to protect them caastoK her to leak Bhe. however, proeccdcc set cocsas, aad serves from amaatad outrage. We should notbesur- arrivedatthePasses,whereshe wss putashore to a moreState. Prom the Gulf of Mexico to our prised to hear ef a general onslaught upon the negroes, leaky condition, and where she was detained several daya with a view to their expulsion from the township. TheNorthern boundary, are embraced nineteen de- indignation and excitement are intense, and very likely 8mr pAavmnos. Willcomb. at Balttmore from Cbtit, ease'Garet. from So. arr Bto, do; Gen Btriebsr. M'Dl s Ann E Grant. Swain. J H Chedboarne. Macaon;Howes; 1'arhlan, Miller. Ocean Bride, Bonrees Fendergaat, Stotoan: OorlBa. Pecnagfll. Chase. S a tJones. '4'orad, Salisbury. John Wisthrvp, stidridgc, aad Bto lteht,Btoharda wtg.Creole Buck,eocaacawed:Mjifa • bfee. i oweli, from Fcncceula, arr 7th. disc: Caton Batca, Foxweil. from Wilmington, NC, arr 8th. do Crimea, Far- trtdge. from Montevideo, arr i8th: Faustina Berry, from Bahia, wtg: North Point. BmSS, ing, aogera, wtg; schr* Calltopt-. Hopkins, s a d Arzac, V eaaa do. Going In Uth, brig <rrelto, Orfmn. frees Boston. Bid 11th, ship o W Bourne, BaV wards, NUrteaac.BorraanAS. Dee T—In pott ships Kalamaxoo. Taylor for New York tag; lknavgm von Brabant (BremJ. Bcdkasj, far do do. Pr us brig George Carl, Zteamer. for Boston.BHtai.BAt. Nov 7—Arr atop ntoow hoali, Lloyd, (Mew Tcrk, US daysIn port Nev 7. thrpc Bnaeho Panza. Hale, for NYork scon; Bank Frace, Brtwn. far do de; Currituck, Knowtas; Ban cm Btate, Ktiborn: Horatio. Palmer Joahoa Bales MeftoBum, and Kurprtoe, Bantott, for S», Albonl, staraaby; Assart nth, Jones, CoDtest, Steele: kdwin Forrest, Crocker; Bather M a.. Bird, h H Talbot. Btrrsete; akynrk, Burnley. andSwordaaL Crocker, unc; barks C L Sevan, Pederson, for Xagassl.), Marv laid Crosby: Mataszas. Benneu: T aos, Bennett; Nymph,Price,andUrania,lunar, nansbrigOrcasda.Tajtor,daSiSi.oroBi. Nor 12—lu port ships Borodino. PccathSSS. forNYork via Penaac at 16 a t e per ton, Oohoa. Day. tor sate; Ocean Heed BnaiBsy• coppering. Anan. Heagnn. dtog; Bam) Acpieton,Freeman froaniteuskokforHoox Kens, Ataaetog wave, Leeraw, Vulture (fiil; r.louis*. Jfarcy: Hurricane. Sherman, aad Young Mechanic, * mabury. uae; bark 1to Berry, far Bowou, ldg MI owners a-*»iunt BocmABATA Nov 7—In port ship BpBnre. Arey. *ldg.Bwrarew. Nov 10—In pert bark Arbors, Orecsry. asBr THOMAS, Dec V—In port brig Alruccahan, Connor, forCienfuecos to load for BostonIn port Jan 7, step Neptune's FavcrSe, FimcnkCeliac for Cork, in dtotresa. dacnarrmg her cargo, being rt Shipped by ship International: aad othersM AMIS BAT, Ja, Dec 31—in port brig Bosstan, Drinkwater,WiiAxroa, Nov 14—fat port caps David Brown, Beam aad KVsctrtc Spark, Lothrop, for NTork: « o v Morton, Berry for Havana; Mnascaer, •Manton. aad Ptonner, Mamaoeacry. ter do; Florence Wadcworth for London; F P Sage legereolL for Bombay; Raeahound. MeDoaoogh laid up Iniirinnniiennr, Thrane, unc; barks C B Titian, Briard, and Cocaaca, Gray,Pnrts. APALACTTTCOLA, Jan 7-Cld prev ship Sebasucook, Chase,Boston: bark ( ol I>edyard. Button. Providencein pun 7th, ships Jeaay Uae, Larrahee. and Ocean Bur.Brown, for Uverpool ldg; Louis* Hatch, Bartlett, from New tork sax. Forest Cay, Tyler, for do ldg: Old Dominant. Pol- ton, for Boston, nearly all full, berks tiaeotab Beaee. fordo,Ida; Gleaner, (handler for Amsterdam, do; Glen Ho:mea, expected to load tor l'ro\ atenee. sohrs Bobert Palmer, Wckon. from New Tork, dto*; Barah Mills, for New Orleans, ldg-; J W Minor wt£.ALEXANDBI A, Jan 16—Below brig Lent Travera, from Turks la'enrlc,BC8TOis, Jan 17—Arr steamers W m Jenktoa. Haltott. Baai- aore Kenstagton, Baker. Phuadetphto. barks John Glipn, MArstea, Loando; Ocean Favorite, Cann, Antwerp; Dwney, A veriil. Cardenas; Cephas Btarreu, Gregory. NOrleans. Jane A Bishop. Manwmrtag, Mobtie; bran Mtoasheha (Br). Lewta, Neweaette. B; fipitfjre, Johnson, Miragoeoa, to Doatiafo. Bd-i, Kaakell. Baton ore eehra Geo Veaato, OaBnear.Port anlork tor Gardner, iaabeita, Faotahn, aad Lottie, Taylor, N Tcrk. Below, at anchor a President Baada, ship Alice tavl, Mtokay. Cassette, barns! far a bark an* a brag CM bark A n y , Hammond, Mobile, brigs Alton (Br,. Haras, Poena: Leraao, Gibba, acanedtoa; eehra 1 aaedon (Hbnore. Chase N Orleans, BeaisiUto,The members of the General Assembly of Tennessee of the tote James K. Polk, at her residence in Nasnvilie.The Chicago Journal has toarnea that Judge Breese, District of Illinois, declines the appointment..Jan.7... .dan. 11.fiae.*«oi..*c,to»aw>s* I'orttrtekl Dee"5.off CapetSGeU,zelle,: brig Loa AmJcea, Kragawi). Ja. Telegrapti Marine Report.BA WDTto ciahtbound ont Phip Bacon, for IJveroool, paaved out over tbe bar at 1 FM; swain istoi Arabia, tor do, at 3. IS: Moaee T a.lor ,"amountschooners sloopsIS i 18,010.100 1M.T79 387,346 205,6*1S O O B . O n e ofvecsetoHTOHLAND8. Jaa 18, cnnaet-One bark off the Hightonda; no other toward bound veeaela to aight. Wtod B; weather candy.steps wUi be taken lo replace it. WM. LENS, Bccratarj.T e c s ;w s c a t V r s n r 7 T a %nanHali. Dyer, far Boa-ASvernccd st do ~for Borttoad Jan 4; 1rtoa. Millar far stestan lata; Cby'ef 1Deneyand<-eencFarorwe;bnrWitoassBA^wpar;aennIda, AmeUaandk J Tatoot. r^d scto ltaclSJtercamv __Creole, 7mrTm^ms**'***'"*'""'*'"•••*• ' bettorthandiefreetaborersattoeNortharegoverned.ScnBJoKOonsv-Psrtl—Wos.not,am,ITi.4»,4S7, Oarnegroesarenotonlybetteroffastophysical comfort I, an «m, m mi, mi, aw, an. am, Ms, tor, than free laborers, b«t then- moral condluoo m better.. . .4_ _, BcmLctnt,fi^naMTbcnna tor Jaekeonvllte, JaaLtattelX.S^&rJi-tZZ*^!B^Qne*«oftia8oua,Chapmai, Rio Grande—Yatoctiaewkep^^ 5J^J^ £tt i^Saiail.i e r k"patapaeo, ^ySeid^ NTork. Chi bark'Tsjuca, •" •*»»•• iCatm, later, Ar, PLsrrsbM\BearVillawThomww.fas M.Try309 South 4th Street F13u0l6to9n New Yorkultonhisniskiton7»SkAJSOT. NOV10-Jn (>v«ahip Cheers, rnsnnrald. ca> Jtory.com 