 NEW YORK HERALD.I A M 1 I O O K D U 9 I B K I I I T Y i KNIOS AMD PfeOFRIfTOR.arrt|>r':neatabouttitS•:^ai>wereinfitrdeminl,TkeTammanyHallRalUii-tloaofthe iststoplacethemselvesinthehandsofMon-qualities,whichwillpreventhisfalll**, ^POLICYINTHEEAST.—ScarcelyhavetheVo • JULY.AMI MRXtXTO THl* AFTEREoOE AND KYKNIKO.MIU>>s <iARt>KN HTOIKI«»J —Afteraoon ami Ereaiag. lot'«t>»i*»—LAOIMWK.K1THKATRBVItow^ry.—Ai!«rw»*-irA«M>« or TH« UU_-TAUI o» HLO~«-* w-mri. kwu. K**itimg-AU. TBAT (.Limn i» Kw» U<H_—Coqar »wot—DAW* or r « lwere taken to London a t 60s.; also 50 boxes tobacco, a t 3a. 3d., by steamer.administration at Washington, and from the ab- sence of any living evidence of 8ny connection between t h e sachems o f this Wigwam and thegreat watering place of America. The cityis LAND.—A case of great importance to Ameri- ing the ratified treaty between our gon now swarming with strangers, and the cryis can citizens of foreign birth from the continent and that of tke Celestial ktapire, together still they come. The tide o f summer travel i s of Europe, and particularly France, has just an autograph letter from U s e Emperor t oOBW Vl.l.ACK !» THEATRE. Brtwdmuy.-LAIXA R « » u - lic, cradled In adversity and baptised In blood,T h eComplications o t the Ctnestlon.Thus, almost st the same moment, have naturalized citizen at the proper time and in consummated our negotiations with theYin*.. ArT_MS. -WINTER HARDEN. Bre*<lw»)-,-<faniS BSOWS.I.AI.RA KKKXKn THEATRE. M * «M Bro*dw»jr—T*1 CuOA .>L_U1AK *> b t'KFrom present appearances it seems probable that Spain has determined to take active mea- sures in her relations with Mexico, and these may have a very important effect upon the re-most ancient and most powerful countries Asia, a flattering commentary upon theof policy pursued by our governmentThe Eras*-—• EWTIOM or m HBWALD will be publishedat tix o'clock la the morning. Single copies, In wrappers, extremists, on either side of the issues, betweenThe News.The United States steam revenue cntter HarrietFaunce observed some curious movements of asteaming, then some distance off, and ran for her,when s h e proved t o be the Magnolia, having onhappen before the beginning of next winter, and yet there Is no special excitement upon the subject The politicians, it is true, a r e doingpractical and sagacious resolutions adopted in Philadelphia the other day, py the Democratic State Executive Committee Of Pennsylvania, in favor of a practical union in the State election,the reproof conveyed in the decision of the United States District Court at New Orleans, liberating the two steamers captured b y Capt.ourgovernment could not interfere. ¥ Mr. Buchanan's administration has done muchderate black republicans, who hate the nigg* driving democracy of the South and the ranirai temperance men o f the East with equal intensi-wilhuilesof alw.t 1.000hhIs. a»<!116boxes, on t<*rms given In another ohimn Coffc-e was steady, but quiPt (irain fri'ighU to Liverpool-were quit* firm, a n l 44,000 btvhrte were engaged, in bulk and ship's bags, at 8 1 * 8>jd.; £.000 do. b y steamer , w steamer s ba»<s, at 9V,A ,Douglas Presidential Ticket. treallandlords inorder togazeupon royalty. gravefrrorsofthe past. Thetimes.U*>, °*adorafrom the governmentof Japan The Tammany ratificatic|n the other even- Our hotel keepers maintain the even tenor of changed, and princes, e s well a s othars, *W &**- - after an toterchange o f theing of the Presidential ticket of Douglas their way and their prices,no matter how great changed with them.NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, JULY i, I860and Johnson was a very remarkable, if not arnci*.V. OfKlMiCAMDfClTOB8TB.and1600bbls.flw,bysailingvessels,at2<.200pack-veryenthusiasticaffair.First,fromtheabsencecalreformatthesummerresorts,calledfash-IMPORTANTDECLSION—RIGHTSOFAMERICAN'thatexclusivenaticru,whentheSecretaryofSecondly, in their proceedings, cutting off and hasasserted its position in the front rank of the denouncing all associatlonjs with the Breckin-boy, to the United States, where h e became aridge democracy, we see thje folly of those stu- pid old Tammany Bourbons, who " never learn anything and never forget anything."-MAS or WAI-BL'BOOL II- AS IWOAS-ROSISS©* CBWIOS.Kvsn!r.#-Oai_*JI EAU_—IflVWSU P»iJIC«—MOTBWl UOOS* ence in the history o f the world. The old thir- only way in which -we can' perpetuate and in- and crumbling republic.due form of law. In France nil name had beenenrolled for conscription on t h e register, a n dwhen he reached the age of military service thelot fell upon him to serve. Being absent, t h e policeweredirectedtoseizehimwhenevertheymight find h im . An opportunity at length pre-sented itself. Zeiter, little dreaming what was trade with Chins, we hare succeeded bygreat Powers of Christendom, and ia as a beacon light towards which the oppressed of all nations Took with hopeful admiration. The cannonwhich will to-day salute the rising sun apeak ofNEW BOWERY THEATRE. Bs-sry.—Aftwwna—ZILLAI material progress beyond any previous experi- casion, pronounced it as his opinion that " the sult of the present contest in that disorganized— iMOt WlTSSSS. _ _ _ _ _ _BABNUM'S AMEBH'AN aH'SKUM. Bro%4waj\-r»»y andV.\«•»«.*—BASSET »•«BAJfiMf-Koim Lira's isDAJMUEB—teen States have been multiplied into thirty- sure the safety of the Union is for the demo-Not that we suppose she will send any of i the numerous forces, s o long talked of, to overrun Mexico and restore it to the Spanish crown, but she may make a naval demonstration at Vera Cruz that will decide t h e trembling balance of4 U M - O J IIsisaCovuM-UnmiCruoMTUM, 4c.three;thepopulationoftherepublic hasbeen increased from five to thirty-five millions; the scion of Britannia disputes with her mother thecraticpartytobeoneand indivfcible;"andhe thought, too, that "when t|ie November elec- tion comes on we will have ^>ut one democraticinstoreforhim,returnedtoseethespotwheredence, fair play, and the exercise o f a diplomacy, in securing the opportunity toMTAJTTS' MINSTRELS. Moc-usles' Hall. 4TJ BrowlwaT - DtfW, aO-aCMU At roiWaOKH.KIRUO'3 BALOOE. Bro*d-*r.-Oa«. CW«ISTT*SMia- •nut urSoxse, DAKOW, Bcai_*«3is, fc-Eww or A Mien. >NATIONAL CONCERT SALOON, EsUooal Theatre.— BOSOS,DAJKU,BUKUMMWI.*C-tradethere—anopportunitysupremacyo ft h eseas. I nagriculture,i npartythroughout the Union." T h e propheticEx-Mayor Tiemann, who presided on the oc-nations.WhileEnglandand Fimanufactures,inusefulinventions,intheexact ex-Mayor, however,failed itotollushowthis Mexican parties. There hasbeenasimilarityboa id a number of men, of whom no reliable a c -countwasgiven.Capt.F.,havingnodoubtbuttheirbesttoarousethemassestoasenseofim- TurneratAntonLizardo.AlloftheseeventstherightsofAmericancitizensofforeignbirthty,andhavetookeenaneyetothemainchasethattheyweretobeputonboardtheKate,asap- pendingdanger;butthemasses,with a degree andinthePresidentialelectionthere, between operatetodestroyour moralinfluence in the intheirnative land. The trouble has chiefly tofollow Lincolnand Sumnerintheirrevofc- pearances indicated, immediately seized the tug of stolidity as refreshing as it is surprising, ab- the forces of Breckinridge aijid Douglas. Thus neighboring republic, and to leave a fair field arisen in the matter of conscription, of the com- tionary and destructive abolitionism. The peo- and brouplit her to the city, and detained her pas- solutely refuse to be aroused. Tfie stump ora- the fight in Pennsylvania betjween the two fac- for Spain, should she determine to knock the pulsory service of the citizens of European ple in New England ar£ already beginniajUsengers for examination. tors rave in vain about the dissolution of the tions, as proposed by the State Central Com--, walls of Vera Cruz about the ears of President countries in the army and navy. Sometimesit talk about the corruption of their local mienCharles Jeffords, the suspected principal in the Union, and the consequent ruin of the country. mittee. will be to assist each other to the extent Juarez and his Cabinet. Walton-Mathews tragedy, surrendered himself to The people quietly pursue their avocations. of their power, while the contest as chalked outthe authorities yesterday moraing, and is now con- by Tammany Hall for the Douglas democracy Meanwhile rumors are afloat o f new compli-has occurred in Germany, and sometimes in the defrauded treasury in Maine^the adulterat-France. In England it cannot occur, becausefined in the Tumbs. The prisoner says h e knows Public securities advance at home and abroad. in New York will be to hu^it down and drive cations in Mexico itself. It is known that Min\- there is no conscription or impressment there in lobby operations in both o f those States in get-nothing whatever abont the assassination, and that In the^great West new Territories are springing out the Breckinridge party!, so that Douglas mon and Zuloaga, leaders of the church party, time of peace, or even in small wars. Irelands he can easily prove an alibi. H e admits being in up in the most provokingly peaceful way. T h e trjay rule the roast. But the other side can play are at loggerheads, and that Miramon h a s p u t and Scotland hitherto have proved sufficiently Treasury. As matters now look we are goiagnation buys and sells, cultivates the soil,in- at that game. The Pennsylvania committee his predecessor in the Presidency under con- fertile recruiting grounds for voluntary enlist- wasdowntown,intheneighborhoodofChambers creasesitsarmyandstrengthensitsnavy,sends havebeenactinglikesensiblemen;theSachem-; finement,andnowadvices from the RiomenttofightthebattlesofOldEnglandataNew York on the night of the murders, but says heto have one of the prettiest triangular fights iaNew England that h a s ever been seen. The street,whentheytookplace. Elsewherewillbe embassies to the far East, makesand ofOldTammany,likeaseiofoldfools,have GrandestatethatMiramonhimselfhasbeen shillinga.day. Howitwillbehereafter,in federalofficeholders,willorganizeforBreckin- found full particulars of the surrender of the pri- ratifies treaties o f amity and commerce with resolved to starve themselve^ rather than agree defeated a n d made a prisoner b y Gene- consequence of the depopulation of those coun- ridge, and hammer at the Douglas men for be- soner,togetherwithsomeinterestingmattersrelat-nationshithertoclosedtoWesterntrade;thetoshare'theloavesandfiiheswiththeotherralZaragoza,oftheliberalarmy,and triesbyemigration,isanotherquestion.Mean-ingfreesoilabolitionists;theDouglasmenwilling to the domestic diffleultiea of the Waltonfa- metropolis welcomes, at the same point of time, Wing of the party. Poor old, Tammany. Gal- that in Nuevo Leon a rising has takentime compulsory military service, not merely in pitch into the black republicans on Eider the militia, but in the regular army, prevails Peck's embezzlement, Burnham's bad liqaw. /mily.Two fights between members of engine compa-the representatives of the Emperor of Japan, the England of the Orient, and the great ship,vanized into a mere show of life now aad then, place in behalf of the recall of ex-Pijesi-throughout the continent of Europe ; and thenies No*. '21 and 13 occurred last evening, thefirst at th e corner, of Broad and Wall streets, and the crowning triumph o f British inventors and the other in Chatham street. At the last mention- artisans. We, as a nation, display the greatestwhat a mockery is the pr^tenco that she stilllives.dent Comonfort. In addition to all these com- plications, there is the recent split in the Cabi- net o f President Juarez a t Vera Cruz, whichand Sumner's violent John Brown attackoeinterestinanymatterofpracticalmoment,and firearms, were freely used by the combatants, and have the utmost contempt for political abstrac-eleven persons were wounded in .the n\Hte. Ac- tions. To-day the operations of General Gari- count** of the fights and a list of the names o f the baldi i n Italy are o f more importance t o our injured may be found in another column. people than the straggles of the several factionsA dinner was last evening given to George for the Presidency of the United States. Gari-decision, therefore, o f t h e French Tribunal i s the Southern trade; while the black republicans one o f great interest, n o t only to naturalized can only harp on '-Old Abe's" ability to maded encounter stones and other mi-siles, and evenOpmlng ot Summer Travel—\'ew York hasverymuchtheappearanceofasplit inthe t h e G r e a t W a t e r i n g P l a c e . liberal party. The result o f all this confusion We published a day or tvjo ago a list of ar- will be.that Mexico will become a waif uponcitizens,buttothecountryatlarge,andto the government, which might at any time find itself involved in a war with one or more of the powers o f Europe, had a different principle o f international l a w been insisted upon b y therails and the corruption o f t h e federal oS.yWilkes, Esq., at the Astor Hoase, by his friends, which was also made the occasion of the presenta- tion to him of a suitable testimonial of regard. A full report of the entertainment will be found else- where.The New York National Democratic State Com- mittee met at Syracuse yesterday, and isaned a call foraStateConvention,tobeheldatSyracuseon the7thofAugustnext,forthenominationofPresi- dentialelectorspledgedtosupportBreckinridge and Lane. The New Jersey Democratic StateCom- mittee recommend the nomination of a half and half electoral ticket, with the view of ensuring the defeatoftherepublicansinthatState.By the schooner Hiawatha, Capt Evans, w e it" the sea shore or the springs is very small, com-have dates from Aux Cayes to June 11. There had been frequent shocks of earthquakes for the past two months, without, however, any serious damage.* The Board of Excise Commissioners continue to hold six sessions a week, without s o much as one intermission since the commencement of their laborsforthepresentyear. Theirmeetingyester- day wa<r one of the most business like sessions which they have yet heM—a large batch of appli- cations for licenses being received, out of which eighteen were granted, at the minimum rate of $30 each.ThePoliceCommissioners,attheirmeetingyes- terday,acceptedtheresignationofSergeantBrady, of the Twentieth ward, and received a special re- part from the Sanitary Police respecting slaughter houses. No other business transpired.Beef cattle yesterday were in more mode* rate supply and rather better demand, at a slight improvementinprices,rangingfrom6to9cents, including all kinds. Cows were steady. Veal calves were unchanged. Sheep and lambs were withoutmaterialalterationfromlastweek'srates, with a airinquiry forallkinds. Swine weresteady. The total receipts at all the yards were aa follows:—2.830 beeves, 103 cows, 786 calves, 11,833 sheep and lambs, and 1,800 swine.There hare arrived from the Sooth, since Jane30, C"tObbls. vegetables. 505 boxes peaches, 3,659 water melons, and 371 musk melons, by the various steamships plying from Savannah, Charleston and Norfolk to this o^y.YesterdaytavlBfbessJttteeveoftheFourthofJuly, which is observed as a holiday, aad a desire prevsOisfla sstka to await thereseipt of i by the Pei_a, caaaed a qaiet atarket.wereconfinedtoalewhundredbales,essheetof lOSc for a-sdlisf spkaats, aad at 10*e. tar Florida sad Mobile da, ssd at lit. R» Raw Ortssss sad Teias do. FineconawassparesBadtiEdyasM.Thewesaheratthethe seaboard to meet the royal guest, and ! we some arrangement has been come to with thewho are too mean to do so. O f the latter are the patient, mercenary and tricky individuaii who, with t h e assiduity o f kingfisher*, percisaamtoj rcgardisg the f**s*B*» yield qf the frowtaaj erop. Jedgsvitab#»ttt.FhwsryaatoraaywaswithoutchangeIt but they cannot prevail against it. It will tide of humanity which flows dally through our the obdurate blindness of his foolish ancestor. First and Second wards alone, from the Park to •till stand, and generation upon generation to great avenue, make u p a series of attractions It may serve as a lesson to him to beware ljest the Battery, amounts to over three-quarters o f come after u s will celebrate with swelling which cannot b e matched by any other place one day. by a similar course of conduct, he msy a million, while property in eve|y other ward,nsrt and domestic deaaasd. Wheat was is goodbaldi is fighting for a principle; our politicians are having their usual quadrennial squabble over the spoils.There was a time when the American peoplewere hoodwinked by their blind leaders. D u -ring the earlier period of our national existencesome energetic Power or ambitiousthat shall tender to her impoverished a n d dis- heartened inhabitants peace and security in ex-thepoliticiansgoverned thecountry, muzzledthepress,andledthepeoplebythe hotels;butwearenotdisposedtoputmuchANOTHER PRINCELY VISITER.— W e learn that thePrince ofWales will make hisintended visittoAmericainthecourseofthismonth, leavingEnglandonthe15thforHalifax,whore he will re-embark for Quebec, and after seeing Canada and his future Canadian subjects, willnose. Butthe independent presshas faithinthem.Thefactaboutthematteris,that changed all that, and has realized the maxim of the whole system is wrong, and until it is swept Jefferson, that "Error is n o longer dangerous away there cannot be anythi aw like radical reThrough free journalism, the corruption, the pared to that of the mere- pleasure seeker.trickery, the insincerity and selfishness o f the When there is a crush at Saratoga or Newportleaders of all parties have been thoroughly ex- it is made up almost altogether of people who posed, and their power has departed, never to go either because it is considered the correctHalifax has invited a number of Mayors along commence on the 26th o f June. We presume viz: those who are too poor to travel, and thoaerivals a t the Ocean Housei Newport, which seems t o b e t h e only watering place that i s fairly under way as yet. W^Jgive to-day a few more letters, Including one frj>m Sachems' Head, Connecticut, which place, it appears, is to b e the headquarters of Senator })ouglts during the summer solstice, and therefore a point of par- ticular interest to New York politicians.We hear on all sides the fajrest promises from thelandlords ofthefashionajblewateringplacethe stream o f events, her commerce gone, hermerchants bankrupt, her people divided, h e rrulers powerless, and her territory a prize for French governmentthe crowd may be, and until there is some radi- .*•— T.Mo. 1 8 3 ages better, by Meaner, at 50a., and 1,000 bones cheese, of any recognition of the present democratic ionable, New York will be, as it is now^, the CITIZENS O* FOREIGN BIRTH IN THEIR NATIVK Legation in Chins arr/res st WashingtonOur National Holiday.Theeighty-fourthanniversaryoftheinde-greatchiefoftheWhiteHotfse,thecomedywassettingtowardsthemetropolis,andnothing beendecidedbytheFrenchtribunals.Ana-PresidentoftheUnite.States,asan*pendenceoftheseStatesdawnsuponusunder verymuchlikethetragedyof"HanHet,"with candivertitfromitscourse. noordinarycircumstances. TheInfant repub- thepartofHamletleftoutbyspecialrequestMexicantiveofthedepartmentoftheLowerRhine, inourspecialdespatchfromWsshingtcn namedMichaelZeiter,emigrated, while yeta terday.inthepolicypursuedby our governmentand hisreleaseasaright ontheground thatthere so, also,with Japan, towards which sciencesandthefinearts,wehave,inmanyin-unityandharmonyinthecamparetobere- wasnoserviceduefromhimatthetimeofhisstances, improved upon European models. W e stored. As we make it ou^, the plan of Tarn that o f Spain towards Mexico, which has n o t has pursued a more politic course than areatpeacewithalltheworld. Ourterritory manyistorideroughshodovertheBreckin- beensufficiently observedbyourstatesmen emigration,andthat,havingrenouncedhisalle- whichsheadoptedtowardsherneighboreaTKMPLE or MAGIC. 444 Hroadwar—%MMB PAJITAJ- teems with material wealth. While the Euro-fwc •r r*or. JACOB* A»»UOMU 8rmi«an.r. ridgeticket,administrationpean fanners are complaining of their crop them from the field. f ALACK GARDEN, Fourteen- attest-VOCAi. AKB IR- prospects, ours are fine beyond precedent.and all, and drive and legislators; and the present result is that giance to France and sworn allegiance to Asiatic continent. Through the good office*theUnitedStates, Francehasnownoclaimthe American Minister, Mr. Harris, and has refused to sustain the efforts of Mr. Bucha- upon him. and his undivided allegiance is due virtue of our good name with the JapInOMUITAi. COBCBBt.CANYRRBUBY CONCERT SALOON, 833 Broadway.— Boaas, UAKM, BeauBW~a, Ac.CORNER O F THTRTEEETH BTRKET AMD BROAD- WAT .—CAUrOMlA MBKAOBBiS.How York, Wednesday, Jmly 4, I860.MAILS FOB, ETJEOPE.Tbi Mow York Herald— Edition ftor B n r o p e .The CunarJ mail steataihip Asia, Capt. Lott, will leave this port to day, for LiverpoolThe European mail* will ctooa ia this city this Riorum*- at seven o'clock.The content* of the ECSO-LAS EDRIOS or TM H—IAU> minations of the anti-slavc.ry party on th e o n e the administration again."auriferous product at the rate o f fifty millionsper annum; the West, crippled since 1857 b ythe financial revulsion, looks forward with cipal speaker on the occasion, protesting againstpolicy upon his hands in the present crisis; the Minister, and Zeiter has been discharged. an Embassy yet—with ourselves, ahopeful joy to a full grain crop and an eagermurket. I n fine, we notice in the year of grace said, '•! can see no differencjc in the ultimate re-with the Juarez government, Spain celebratedwill therefore serve as a precedent, not only in to Mr. Harris.1860 the dawning of an era of prosperity such as the nation has never before experienced,sult of the destiny of this Union whether Breck- inridge or Lincoln be elected^ I f we are driven to a bargain, let us, in Godls name, go to somethe Mon-Almonte treaty with the Cabinet of Fran<*' b u t o n the continent of Europe gene-Politically, the United States presents, on its party that recognizes all theStates in theeighty-fourth birthday, a striking contrast to its Union alike. (A voice—'The Union party.') are well known; the conditions of the Mon-nese, our administration is receiving aseuraaM in which Zeiter was abducted, no matter what of the most peaceful and friendly relations wftksocial and commercial aspect. I f w e should But I have faith in the courage of the democrat-Almonte treaty are known only so far as Spain has chosen to make them public, but the tenorconsequences should ensue. In 1S12 this coun- has yet to b e revealed. Our treaty has b^een try went to war with England for forcing Ame-take our views as to the actual condition of the ic party; I have faith in the miraculous fortunescountry from the writings and speeches, o t t h e of its chosen leader; h e has whipped the rail of the secret articles which are known to o|xistthat people, and the ratification o f a highly _ | vantageous treaty from t h e hands o f the En- peror of Chins.THE POLITICAL REVOLCTION or NEW Ear* LAND.—The signs in the political heavew shoe that, the break up and revolution in parhei M spreading everywhere, and t h e politician! ire completely nonplussed a n d know not * _ _splitter and t h e administration, a n d h e will •Ucents. the factions of the day; if we accepted the ful- whip the rail splitter and tie junior partner ofrejected by the Senate, and the President is! left powerless, while that of Spain ha* been ratified by the Cortes, and the Spanish Cabinet i s fully empowered to a c tThere is another curious coincidence in these iffairs, in the fact that while Our Minister, Mr.rican citizens o f English birth into the British navy, and it cannot permit any other nationto trample on the rights of our naturalized citizens after the same fashion. TSome spurious cases have been presented for the'eonsideration of our government, which dif-will combiae the new* received by mail and telegraph a the office during the previous week, and op to the hoar of pubhcAUoa.outride of Sandy Hook, the bark Kate, Capt. Otto,hand, or of the fire-eaters on the other, we should be obliged to confess judgment, a n d acknow- ledge to our European critics that they are right in declaring the model republic a failure, so farSuch was the drift, and sijich t h e essence, of this Tammany ratification—^ free fight and no quarter to the administration, or to the ticket orparty representing the administration. This is McLane, is urgent to be permitted to come fered materially from the present, and way to turn. It has already been shownVowi • Lane.('apt.Faunce,seizedonyesterdayafternoon, asthedemonstration of governmental science an unprecedented proceeding onthe partof home,undertheconviction that the actionof which did not warrant the interposition completely theSouthern fire-eaters and4s-is concerned. But the facts in the caseold Tammany, for it lias heretofore boon regard- Congress has destroyed h is moral power and of diplomacy—cases in which persons a c - unionists are broken up, with Yancey aad _onsuspicionofbeingabouttoengage,inthebearquiteanotherinterpretation.Accord-edashorhighestdutytoke<'pclosetothefatusefulnessinMexico,SenorPacheco,theSpa-tuallyowedmilitary service atthepackclingingtoBreckinridge,whileJohns*t-lavetrade.TheKatewasclearedattheCustom ingtothepoliticiansweareonthe.verge thingsofthekitchen.Thepresumptionisthat, nishMinister,hasjustarrivedthere,convinced time of emigration, and escaped to ofGeorgia,Soule,ofLouisiana,andthes_Hoase by "Captain Watts," bound to Cape Palmas, of ruin. They are quick to inform us that, un- abandoning all hope o f any chance in the fede- ttat the propitious time for him has just begun. avoid t h e payment o f t h e debt, which, potatoes o f secession i n Alabama, cotton 6West Coast of Africa, aad sailed yesterday. She less their especial friends 9ucceed to power,was brought back to the city and anchored off the the Union of the States will be dissolved, the ral spoils of the next administration, she is at To add to this complete change in Mexican however, like any other debt, still hung over Douglas.Battery. Her crew are composed principallyof constitutionwillberenderednullandvoid,the lastresolveduponadesperate revenge. complications, the Spanish fleet inHavana ia them, notwithstandingtheirrenunciationofal- AsimilarresultisbeginningtoshowitselfaPortuguese aad Spaniards, from whom no informa- bulwark o f law will b e broken down, a n d . We would, however, commend to the special ordered to be put on a war footing, and to bjoldlegiance to the government under which theytion could be gained. Her cargo is such as slavers the social fabric will be swept away by the attention of the belligerent Douglas democracy itself in readiness to proceed to Vera Cruz, were born. On the return of such persons to the fractions of the democratic party is alreajr generallycarry. AtthetimeshewasseizedCapt. wavesofanarchyandcivilwar. AllthisIsto ofthisState,includingTammanyHall,the whileourgallantlittlenavyhasjustreceived theirnativelandtheyhavebeenarrested,and producingadisintegratingeffectuponthemwhile a factious Congress, from party motives,The South points to a yield of cotton hitherto Thus one of the Tamminy resolutions de- nan to incline the balance of Mexican affair* to tie lapd of bis adoption. The French Tribu- England has been enabled to secureunexampled; California pours into the mint its clares "the only rightful and regular national nal, under the direction perhaps of the Empe- commercial advantages with that country in our favor, and he is left with andemocratic candidate " to be Stephen A. Doug ror, has pronounced in favor of the claim of our jointly—though she has not been honored las, while Mr. Senator Pughj, o f Ohio, the prin- unratified treaty a n d a n impracticableany compromise with the ^recklnridge party, policy of Spain is just beginning to operatechange for anarchical independence.{THE NEW STEAMERS OF THE GAL WAY LINE.—We learn that the first o f t i e four new steamersof the Galway line which has been launched—the Connaught—was not quite ready for sea onthe appointed day—June 26—and that the Pa-rana,oneoftheBrazilianmailline,andaveryswift vessel, was to be despatched in her place.OurreadersareawarethattheGtJwayCompa-ny have contracted with the British government of scene and air. Many of the judiciary m_s to cany the mails from Galway to S t Johns inremain, however, to transact chamber busiset* whentruthandreasonareleft free to combat form. Thenumber ofinvaids who resortto perhapsvisittheUnitedStates. TheMayor!of sixdaysontheirnewsteamers,the contractto andofthelawyerstwo classeswill not lejre,understand Mayor Wood h a s invited t h e young Prince ito N ew York, through M r.Postal Department whereby the company willnot be held liable in consequence o f the failureDallas, our Minister at the Court of St. Janles, to start the Connaught on her regular day.The themselves over the stream of litigat oo ia return. thing to do, or to see who is there, or to display who delivered the invitation to the British Mi- Parana is not yet announced at St. Johns, and which prey may be obtained, and then gorgeWithin the past few months w e have wit- fine clothes and splendid equipages. Of late nister for Foreign Affairs, but a s y e t h a s r e - if she left a t h e r right time she should haveyears there has not beeri so much of this folly. Our wealthy citizens have builtceivednoanswer. Whetherhis.RoyalHigh-ness will come to New York is not yet Certain.themselves with the skill and yorscHy of C«- reachedtherebeforeyesterdayinordertocome morants. Itislnckyfor alloftheprofessis*Within the six days agreement The company, that they can escape from the pestiferous den however , have purchased t h e Pacific to follow which are called court rooms, where the mi_n»the Parana on the 10th inst, and as this fine of the atmosphere is not Inferior to the odor«' ship has frequently made the passage from S t . many transactions there investigated. It is per- Johns to Galway within six days, there need fectly obvious that not alone must the phy- notbemuchdoubtaboutherperformingthe sicalatmosphereofourcourtsbeameuorateA contractstrictly. * but themoral also. The election of jidj«It i s announced that the Connaught will be by t h e people f o r short terms has neithernessedtheviolentdeathofthepartywhich,with a few exceptions, has ruled the republicfor fifty years—a party which claiined a sort o f for themselves villas i n t h e vicinity o f the He does not visit anywhere in his public capa- divine right to power and an exclusive city, and have gathered aiout them coteries city of Prince of Wales, but as a private gentle- monopoly of the spoils. Instead o f sorrowing wherein elegant social enjoyment may be had, man. If he should come among u s w e cannot over the demise of the democratic organization, and where vulgar display anji ignorant preten- do less than give the heir to the British throne themassesseemedtohaveafeelingofreliefat tiousnessare]ignored. Thusthewatering agrandreception.Ifhecomeshewillcome thenewsensationoffreedomfrom thetyranny places proper are obliged *odepend on the tousin^peace,andwemustnotbe wantingin of a few leaders, who had managed during s o West and Sputh for support!—chiefly upon the courtesy to the lineal descendant o f the Third many years t o control a n impudent and i n - South—the custom of which section is growing George, whose troops we whipped! o u t o f theadventurer"small by degrees and beautifully less" with country. We have lately given a costly recep- the third boat, and by the time she is ready to improved the quality of judges in the onsolent majority. The country is all the better ginal selection, nor their usefulness when choaei and all the stronger for the dismemberment each succeeding year. The (political condition tion to the Japanese princes—why not give a sail the other three new boats—the Leinster.ofparties andthequarrels ofthe factions. ofthecountrymayhavehadsomeinfluencein receptiontoagreaterprince,hailingfroma Munsterand,ULter—willbelaunchedandput TheycannotbeinsensibletothepopularinAs-They have died by thoir own hands; they have bringing about this consummation, but the ex- more powerful and civilized nation, one of our upon the line at once.been poisoned b y their own corruption and tortions of the hotel keepers it the more import- own kindred and race? The city treasury canutterrascality. Therepublicisnowprepared antwateringplacesmustbeacceptedasthe standanotherbillforreceptions.Letusbemag- INCREASED VALUE OFREAL ESIATH L\THEtoreturntothepureandsimpleplatformofthe main cause. They were tcjo>freedy. andin nanimous. LouisNapoleongoestoGermanyto CITY.—Weperceive,bythe returnoftheTax fathers; to realize o n this, our national holi- starving their customers liave overreached make a friend o f th e Prince o f Prussia; Commissioners, that the value o f real estate inences all the while surrounding them, and t* careful^ observance o f which is sometime* ti? condition on which their continuance ia oSvf depends.The code, which in many o f its proain^ day, t h e truths- enunciated by those patriots themselves. the Prince o f Wales comes t o u s , ^ n d the city, as assessed for taxation, has increased regulations has proved valuable, is ia numerouswho signed the Declaration with halters about The metropolis during the present summer to make him our friend by sumptuous their necks; the sacrifices made by that gallant will have o f itself certain iistinet sensations entertainments m a y b e a very wise strike band who risked their lives and fortunes to which will be found especially attractive to of policy, only let it be done with digni- secure the blessing? of civil liberty to their pos- pleasure travellers. Chiefest among these w e ty and in ajpanner worthy o f the Imperial cfity terity, and gave to us, and each of us, a herirthis year over last to the amount of nearly details an acknowledged failure. It has ** twenty millions o f dollars. The total value of simplified pleading, nor diminished the atno'-s'the real estate in the metropolis Is now $398,- or influence of sharp technicalities. I -fortu- 533,619; and the total value o f real and person- nately it i s an imperfect system o f proeedtaw.al property together is $577,230,656—showing which requires for its operation frequent refer- anincreaseuponthevaluationof1859oftwen- encetoanduseoftheoldforms,especially«>account the monster ship, the Great Eastern, of the United States. A good understanding tagebeyondprice. Comparedtohimwholad whicnnowliesintheheartofthetmsymetro- siththeyounggentleman,purchasedonsucheasy terms, may save the country hereafter the men who followed our nag through the iron of the greatest wonders o f the world, she will *oceans of treasure and blood. I f he inheritsty-five millions and a quarter. At this rate o f increase the value of property in the city in tenoar armies In the war o f the Revolution, and polis, receiving the visits of thousands. As onehallatTrenton,thehunger,andcold,anddeso- bringcrowdsofpeoplefromallparteofthecoun- theobstinacyofhisgreatgrandfatheritwillibeeases o f equity jurieprudenoe. where the twowell to conciliate him in time. If he does not,! ci- triumph of Yorktown. how petty and miserable ils pleasant walks and superb drives; our splen- vility on cur part can do no harm If he is BU-arethewouldberulersandleadersofthepeo- didBay,dottedwithverdurfcroiibed*islands, dowedwithafairshareofgoodsense,aftdbemillions of dollars..The assessments o f real estate in th e lowerwardsbearoutwhatwehaverepeatedlyno-lation o f Valley Forge, u p to the glorious try. Then we have our maghincen| Park, withof judicial proceedings by any means iacre-** The "law'sdelay" still asserts its habitus' power,andit Iswonderfulhow.fewc are brought t o a final determination vo& after the lapse o f t e n times the period that would be required under a more enlivened and effective administration. The right of »P peals is altogether too general, and experienceSmth.itissa*J,wasbettw,aira«*_*ioc«rredissoaaspleatthepresentday.Theheartofthenation,andthenobleHudson—theRhineofAmerica!atallgiventoreflectiononaffairsofstajte,heticedinthesecolumns,thatpropertywasra- daurm* of the esttcn refton. It ta too sarty-ao fora aayhowever, is sound. The republic is built upoa These,with the theatres,picture gafleries, libra- cannot but feel, when he puts his foot on our pidly declining down town. The decrease in It _ ttable to to© ma_y contingencies to rorm any reUabte a rock. The storms of faction may rage about ries, and the ever changing, always interesting, shores, what a vast empire he h a s tost through the value o f property since last year in theshows that it must be limited, or the court cssags ef aaoanmt. Osra was heavyandtower,while heart andjoyful voices each recurring anniver- in the worM, save London and Paris. Late in lose the balance of his heritage. Bo't wo halve except the Seventh—running from Catharine to last resort in this State will never see theexport and cuiiissj lanasst, wiata prices were withoutM i," Wales; so tt«re wffl he no occasion for tour-www.fultonhistory.comIndebted to his sensible mother for many goodEast river—shows a more than proportionate In- crease, amonntino- in Itvor t v s n f v _>llll«__ l _ .11Untitled Document- *„ 1*This case is highly important, as the release which Queen Victoria h a s n o t railed to with vigor. Coincident with the McLane treaty of the prisoner was claimed as a right &-dit knowledge by presenting a splendid goldMiramon. The terms of the assistance we were to render th e liberal government o f Mexicorally, and may save this country from much It is a matter o f some congratulation fort# - I %I tw a s a tfrom t h e army.he first drew breath.He was arrested as a deserterMr. Faulkner, our Minister at Paris, demandedmore than any previous government to uphold•'intothe RATIFICATIONOFTOECHINESETREATYWeissenberg.tend o u rwe doubt not, we shall improve to the ultima! profitofourowncountryand ofChina,to reflect upon, that while England and Fraaoi could the American government permit its na- are fitting out hostile armies against the Chi-trouble, if not actual war, hereafter; for neverturalized citizens to be carried off in the mannersystems are constantly colliding with or mad* yearsfromnowwillnotbefarfromathousand dependentoneachother. Noristheexpeditithis countij, —••mortal treaty' frtsch opens to us the intheseand the former country more especially been striving by force o f arms to establit,New England. T h e Northern slant o f onei*ed liquor agency in Massachusetts, and the greatting through their claims against t h e federalholders.accusations against the other, and we* shall ajt be surprised to see the people go in for a cev deal in both local and federal offices. The revo- lution is spreading; so look out for thefirstg j from Elder Peck's State of Maine on the lfci of September next.THE LAW AND THE COCRTS.—The principal courts are about to close for the summer vae* tion, and such o f the judges and lawyers as are fortunate enough to be able to make A? arrangement will soon be scampering off wisa theherdsoftourists,bentonobtainingchaageEach party will be able to prove ia assy* wees tor. Fork was dm, bat sales wwe light «t fUKatU te MVs^,chi_tsl Btt WW? fijur?,•trjoftteJ_depeaden.ceoftheseUnitedtheseasonweshallhaveavisitfromtitePrinceabetteropinionoftheyouthfulPrince,who!isGrandstreet,andfromEastBroadwaytotheofitscalendar.AddtothisthatofltteyThomas M. Tryniski309 South 4tFulton New York 13069h Street"the fashion has prevailed in Albany o f paa*i . . _ a A ! _ . 1 .. ii»;_»_rtir 