 <xuftft»<wff? J#«*flUfor the destruction of property by the bombard- ment of Grey town, on the 13th of July, 1854. was( decided yesterday in the United States Circuitto tnia account, the stories that had reached us of the Christian character of the movementthe Northern States.The provincial sojourn of the vice-regal partysengers of that Oltated vessel. We do no propose to horrify our readers at this time with•am.erBSniraawtaa;SWttawfwa*«o(nw<n»#r*We*ja»*iv,Court.byJudgeNelson,whorenderedjudgment forthedefendant.countrythroughwhichtheypassedwasevery- where traversed by armed bands, the travellers metwithnoobstruction,theirspiritualmission proving a safe passport for them. As regards their creed, their doxology andtheir Sabbathwerethornsintheroteswhichwerethrowninnorintensifyitwithpenandinkakc-tcheeofunitedwithmenofpith.Ittoailaatistaksu&mr-F.iuw, DcTdULUt-fmiixr CoaftUHried out will subject this government and without they themselves being aware of the least one instance, and all along in the Prince's capable of carrying thirty persons in each, and God damn set of fools" for treating tiacountry to a worse tyranny than was share which they, have had in producing wake we find exhibitions of petty jealousy, one small boat capable of carrying six persons. men who have no backbone, instead of eoc-•RTAKTS' unnmunA Meesankw Han, tn Broadwaj.- ,DA*O». *O.-CIUW BOAST Bmv.practice, and having made large fortunes by its application to New York, they have now banded together to endeavpr to apply it to the Union, and Lincoln bas been selected as the fitting instrument for its consummation. W enot one of the leaders in these movements be-stowedathoughtupontheirremotecome- 5quences in the future, or upon the revolutionswu*that they were destined to bring about in thesocial, religious and political condition of the going on. but there is no religious element inVATIOBAL THBAffBB, _•n*a»-r>i<w Town* un Toa Ki> -WEBOW • ViotiM— 4*0* B«trr±*D.populations affected by them. They were led on by impulses which they themselves couldit And it is in view of this very fact that weare able to say that the party could not haveOAirTBBBVBT MUSIC HALU SS3 BKmdway.-Soaes,TRIPLE SHEET.here, and which to-day rules all parties in the State of New York, and bends their nominees to obey its behests. A similar combination is to be made for the purpose of controlling the general government, and making every dollarnot very well analyze or understand, but selected a better time for a tour in this country which we, accustomed to regard things from a than the present The Prince could see our-Hoourr M Cxmwu.% BwraainD CAUIOS-•ad evetry passenger, which life preservers sad Costs shall always be kept la coonveanlieint and accessible places In such vessel, sad is readiaeH for the use of the passengers, kc.The steamship Melita, which left Liverpool oathe 5th Inst, for Halifax and New York, arrived offCape Race at three o'clock yesterday afternoon.The news is three days later than the advicesbrought by the Asia, and la in some respects im- Pacific. By arranging a system of mail con-was the Lady Elgin lost through the negligencefrom the merchants of New York to tupportiPW,>r,pIOPrcoaUM,tiM,0The Political and •sllsra—s ChangesNEW YORK HERAIJ).^rp:1l^^T' ' • ' The Police Commissioni"!"* yesterday receivedThsPyimcsofWBlafIn B little less than a week the Cana- dian tour of the Prince of Wales will be brought to B dose. The viceregal party will land upon American soil at Detroit on nextI-adjElginC*t*«trop»e—VasBar* yetaffectthepubliccredit Theprosper^, We published in yesterday's HERAU nearly the country is so great that ordinarylalhmla m iCOIDOI BEIIIIITT CDCTOB AND PROPRIETOR14 another column will be round extracts theresignationofSergeantBelton,andthenad frorathenarrativeofajourneymadebythreeBB entire page giving a full and authentic ac- count of the shipwreck and lost of the steamer Lady Elgin o a Lake Michigan, made o p fromare unavailing to damage its good a*»^in7^'Tan Auavr RBOBKCT COMBO RIGHT-fW A* i s * Auu—In another column we pnhihhjoujfoed, doing no other business.The case of Calvin Durand against Commandermissionaries from Shanghae to Suchan, the se- cond city in China, and which has recentlyTheTrei oftbeAlbanyRegencyKi- th* Federal Governmentla to be Plandtrtdappal the stoutest heart as Green and Tucker, small politicians, wloti! We are surprised, yea, astounded, to learn present neither votes nor money, but are stigNEW TORE HEBALD, SATURDAY, SElTEMBER 15, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET,•mciK.w. OrHiSSACAKDflTLTOJfBT3.Hollina,oftheNary,anactiontorecoverdamagesfallenintothehandsoftherebelsAccordingFriday,andafterwardsvisitthechiefcitiesofthestatementsoftherescuedofficersandpas-accountoftheactionoftheDemocraticf»\,W*VWV-r«Mf By naffCentral Committee yesterday, from wyTiI wffl be seen that Dean Richmond ta net«!. Id appear to be correct Although the has not been altogether agreeable. There a repetition of the details of the perilous affair, peaed to union perse, but only wants tstaThe whole course of action of the scheming observances, it appears that there is a remarkaand corrupt Albany Regency during the pre- ble accordance between the religion of the re- sentcampaign,fromitsinceptiondowntothe belsandourown.Theirmissiontheybelievepresent moment, proves that behind their os- to be to put an end to idolatry and the Tartar tensible motives there is a paramount conside- dynasty, and they evince in general the moathow lightly the Western papers treat the mat- ing a great fuss to force themselves Into noticeration, for which they are bound to labor in suchBwayaatosecuretheelectionofLin- coln.This consideration is a vast scheme of plun- der of the government, in which the Albany Regency and the Albany black republicanfriendly disposition towards foreigners.In the events which are just now convulsing moat of the Asiatic countries, let us explain as we will their immediate causes, reflecting minds cannot fail to detect the evidences of a common influence, working like an irresistible under- current, and sweeping away with it in its courseEvery year Dean Richmond makes adetoan from the Albany Regency upon Wall streit for money for the ostensible purpose of carry ing the elections, like Rob Roy, who came tora once a vear from the Highlands of Scotlssi to the Lowlands, to levy black mail, and earrynsteamboat law requires vessels of this offtothemountains. Lastyearthechieftainaf donna. And in this fierce internecine warfare, class to have four lifeboats capable of tarry-junta have agreed to worktogetherand for theameend. Theplanofoperationsissovastin allthebarriersraised againstitbjthejealous-enchanting morceaux ever warbled by a primaits details, and so comprehensive.ln its results,that it overshadows all the evils that were ever approaching one of those great epochs in itsattributed to the United States Bank in thehistory in which important changes are simul-rather a tough time of it. Leaving the ques- the time of the disaster had oneN yawl boattion of loyalty out of the matter, the sacred tbe steaks. He swears the tub coauaittet wisIn whatever light we regard it, thisBy the arrival of the brig Julia Ford. Captain privately and with some success. Many of our movement cannot but contribute powerfully the result, whatever It may be; that the newningofSeptember 6, In lat3320,Ion.7430,thepart assigned to the Albany Regency, and they Japan first brought its bigoted government curious political and social spectacle, then there Section 80. And be It farther enacted, that wbsa-the whole northern hemisphere showing vivid streaks of northern lights, which were of a deep red hue. They lasted about three hours. Cap-tain 8. reports having, on September 9, in lat 38, Ion. 73 30. had s severe gslefromN. N. E.gage, from explosion, fire, colluron or other cause-, thematter and owner of such vessel, or either of them and visit the Great Eastern, to tee the Japanese Em- the vessel, snail be liable to each and every person so bassy and the Prince of Wales, who ii soon ex-withthembasbeenpersistentlyrejected,noWhetheritbetheimperialistsortherebelstialcandidatesdeservepityinamuchgreaterthroudhanyneglecttocomplyloithUuprovision*oftheismpected.Eventhespeechesofthepoliticians-We have some additional intelligencefromVenn- fered ; and having sold themselves to the blacksuela. The war of castes continued, and waa like- republican managers, they are now carryingWe emphasise the latter clause, because theThe Douglas State Central Committee were in Becret session ail day yesterday at the S t Nichomade the ironed slave of a set of avariciousfinally, carrying his pointThe railway atmatter how favorable the terms that were prof-who have made manifest thetactthat NewYork owners of the Lady Elgin are rich; and al- to not merely a Northern city, nor a Southern,speculatorsandpoliticaldemagogues,justas ferable,thetideofWesterncivilizationwillbeBirkenhead to, we presume, after the LettheconservativesoftheCentralStatesofJturningthepnblicatio'orourordinarydouble mannerofanexperiment,andwill,without theNorth,NewYorkandPennsylvania,emu sheeto~sgam%rben<"••MonofactivebUBiDe"doubt, be succeeded by many others. Mr. to over. In the P«>P«r **d M t o r a l ord*r of late the great reactionary Union movement of kTrain's pockets will be well filled, and the the people of the South, and Northern and things. The -dverttoing news columns of the English will reap the benefit of another Yankee Southern disunionlsts will be driven to the HERALD, W n e e d hardly say, are as interestinglasHotel,consideringtheimportantsubjectof NewYorkisnowtheslaveoftheCentralRail- allowedtojpouruninterruptedover!thevastfusion. Messrs. Wood and Laflin made an official road combination, and New Jersey the tool of empire which bas been so long closed to it,report tn regard to their negotiations with the the Camden and Amboy corporation. Let the and countless millions will be brought withinGreen Committee, and offered a resolution agree- national conservative interests see that they are the pale of our holy faith. ing with the ultimatum proposition of the com- not made the victims of this union between thenotion, added to their previous experiencesIn our mat clippers, patent reapers, im-proved firearms, Hobb's locks, and so on. Thecity railways cannot fail to create a revolutionin the locomotive facilities of London, Leeds, the no-slavery disunionists of this section, and t£nof thefearfulcatastrophe on Lake Michi-mittee. The resolution was voted down by a vote«* seven to five. Subsequently the National De-mocratic Volnnteers made overtures to the com-mittee, asking ten electors' names, to be takenfrom the present Breckinridge electoral ticket, and Whilst the descendants of the "Derry Boys7' in the United States, coming first^o New York,wall with the defeat of Lincoln. The South- ern conservatives are fighting splendidly the pro slavery dtouniontott of that section. Let our Northern conservatives combine againstto thoustfJds of people as its regular newt de- partinM l B editorials or its political informa- tion. The accounts of the Prince of Wales, theAlbany Regency and the Albany junta. PROGRESS OF LIBERAL IDEAS I.V RELIGION*.-—A NEW TJSB FOB THB GRSUT EASTBBK.—It is now quite certain that the Great Eastern will make, during next month, another voyage toBpe>ches of travelling potitictans, the descrip-which the of the country has been trammelled for so many centuries.storm has subsided; that nobody has been in the least particle hurt; that everybody has become quite reconciled tomorally culpable for this sad result:— head, and to demand vouchers for all moneysFirst, the captain of the steamer, for reasons disbursed, and take good care that these pa- already adverted to. pers be not burned, as was the case in Pennsyl-Secondly, the United States Inspector of vania four years ago.Sibett, which vessel sailedfromSt Kitta August Northern railroad companies are committedto towards the accomplishment of the object administration will be allowed to work out its Steamboats for the district of Chicago, whose22, we learn that the health of the island waa very it, and the Regency and junta of Albany are which philanthropists and political econo- own salvation or damnation, as the case may duty it was to enforce the requirements of thegood, and had been all the season. Much rain both in the pool. They confidently claim that mists have so long had at heart. Matters be, without hindrance; that the people of the law, in so far as the Lady Elgin was deficienthad fallen, and the condition of the crops was con- through the combination of the railroad Inte- have now approached such a crisis that either country will be ready, as ever, to fulfil their in life saving apparatus, at it has already been ing this season a marvellous prosperity.sidered very prosperous. During the stay of Cap- rests no man opposed to their plan can be with the Imperialists or with the rebels terms constitutional obligations; that we will all go proven that she was. tain S. the weather was very fine. On August SO,the schooner Southern Star, of Elizabeth City, N. elected to Congress from any Northern State. will be made that will enable European on the same way as ever, buying and selling, Thirdly, Iha owners of the steamer are re- C, touched to try the market with a cargo of In order to succeed, a black republican Presi- civilization and commerce to obtain a re- producing, speculating, making money and sponsible in damages to those who hare been shingles, and sailed the following day for the Wind- dent must be elected, and this could only be cognized and permanent foothold in China, spending it, preparing for another crisis, and In losers by the sad occurrence. Let us read the ward. It was reported that the schooner Sarah, achieved by the division and defeat of the and gradually to extend their influence a few months getting op the steam for another United States steamboat law approved August, forty days hence, had not arrived. On the eve-national conservative interests. This was the over that empire. It was feat that In Presidential election. And if all that is not a 1852; it reads thus:—sky presented a grand and beautiful appearance, have acted steadily in accordance with it from to accept the benefits that were oiTered it. In never was such a thing in the world. The fu- ever damage is sustained by any passenger or bis bag- vast concourse of people whoflockedhither tothe time of the Charleston Convention to thepresent day. Every attempt at compromiseChina it will be the same potent motive that willforce its rulers to listen to the voice of reason. only uneasy head In the world. Our Presiden- injured to the tall amount of damage, if it kapptwthe disposition of all human events is alone re-half the Southern electoral vote against theeae-half of the State ticket. Before considering Canada have been marring the enthusiasm of and afterwards calling at NorfM ttere is a Liverpool, Manchester, Sheffield, Glasgow, the country will be saved from both these gan, the events transpiring abroad, the local the proposition the committee appointed a sub- the reception of their future sovereign by their great deal of discussion going on as to how the Edinburgh, Dublin, Cork, and all the large classes of disunion agitators. sews of the city—all these do not possess morecommittee, consisting of Richmond, Caggeraad fanatical ebullitions, it is a curious commentarybig ship can be made to pay, and we would Boggest an entirely original idea on the sub- ject Let us get together all the pestilential political hacks of ail parties, disuniotjsts andfanatics, people who attempt to buy and selltowns in the United Kingdom, where they will be speedily Introduced. A t it would appear that the Train project hat met with tome oppo- sition from the upper classes In England, it might be as well for the noblemen composing.^dividual interest, nor are they, perhaps, THE CorxTBY GROWING RIOT.—It to a little looked for with more eagerness by many of our remarkable that in spite of the corruption of readers, than the advertisements, which appear our politicians, the profligacy of our Legisla- fresh every day, and comprise in themselvestures, and the dishonesty and extravagance of only a newt department in another shape, being ourmunicipalcorporations,thecountrytostill afaithfulrecordofthedailylife,wants,neces- experiencing an unexampled prosperity, that sities and occupation of the community.Sabbat*, with power to fill any vacancies that might occur in the electoralticket,and adjourned •sneetat.Judge Douglas reached Elmira, X. Y.. yesterday,where he was received by a Urge concourse ofupon their proceedings that the Protestant clergy of the dioceeses of Deny and Raphoe, in Ireland, should have made a movement in favor of secular education in their own schools.cidsenssadsprocessionofWideAwakes.Be Whenthenationalsystemofeducationwas tto»*andsofvotersasiftheyweresomany thePrince'ssuitetoexaminethecityrailwaye-Wqwaatij addressed the people, though briefly, adopted they'were amongst the bitterest op- Jeop-to fact, all the p«ty .jsrpert and Peter system at it exists in New York, Philadelphia »>'•*wassufferingfromfatigueand01health,ponentsofit,bat,carriedalongbythespiritFiiiiks-*andsendthemoffonavoyajatoEu-andBoston.Withailitafaultsthesystemtoaittogrowingrichereveryday,andthattheerasing Jsdge Douglas left Elmira, en route yttesem, they have made a voluntary aban- rope, there to remain until after the election is great public convenience, and we really could confidence of capitalists remains unabated. At ASOCTHBBS VIEW OF THE WIME AWAXES.—t r t v ion Springs, stopping at Caaandaigua. donment of their prejudices, and joined in a not get along without it* That our brethren a case In point—-at tiie present time American A Southern democratic cotemporary throws outAshington despatch states that the Cab!- ° ^ ' * v ? t ? L P e 0 p l e 0 0 o l d « ° to isork and stocks in England are advancing, while Euro- the warning that our republican Wide Awakes,i. " « council yssterday to deliberate upon S s t ^ i ^ » * " • * • — * connect elect the President of their choice^thout across the water wilt at no very distant day,from their military organization, may be de- signed at a military force for Southern coercion totheruleofwOldAteLincoln.,• Theremay be something hi thto. Mr. Seward, we know, has issued hit edict for the abolition of the regular army and navy, on the ground that having nothing else to do than to protect theInstitution of Southern slavery, they can be and must be dispensed with In this view, p*r- hap?. these Wide Awake* may be intended tott.At N* « ' •t.BibT»entofGen.Barneywithreferencetothe ttto^Bahool.withtheBoard. Lettheircon.agreewithus,isbeyondperadventure. Inthe peanstocksaregoingdown;and,tocitealocal*"* J * "* *xm,BPte &t once to the C-finadian being badgered, bullied and annoyed byma-Instance of tile confidence which moneyed men placeinthe creditofthemetropolis,thebids* affair, but no decision was come to oncisfon has yet been rendered by the Secre- over ^ p e r s o n s who aaek to render our made up, but who the electors shall vote for in happy hits, and runt as easily as hbj new rail- for the new quarter million loan for the* the Treasury on the bids for the construc- own school system obnoxious to a portion of the event of success. If we have to defray the :" the Pacific telegraph. It is said that Mr. the community, by insisting on imiwstaa; unon expenses of the voyage by subscription it will y. one of the bidders for the contract, has their children' the reading of a «!r«ionV ths pay tetter than sending money Into rennsyl-way cars.THB KETTLE CAUJNG THE POT BLACK.—TheCroton Water stock, at six per cent Interest, were all taken on Thursday at a premium. It is evident from this tact that the knownmeantime we advise oar readers not to overlook only as to how the eleetoral tickets shall be Mr. Train's characteristic speech. It it foil offtl*"*totho"e**»•«&*but nagerswho impudently assumetodictatenotrsfcr-d a question aa to the informality and iniuffl- Scriptures which they are taught to believe Is vaniaandNew Jersey. Who seconds our mo- Albany organ of the Dean Richmond Regency corruption of the Corporation, the wasteful ex-!Untitled Documentimagination;theplain,unvarnishedstatements sayhetonotinfavorofauaioB^buthesaaj2 feasttowhichhewajsbiddentherecametheofthepassengersareofthemselvessufficienttoprofitInunionwithsuchpennilessadveatma»the pathway of the young Prince. In everyskeletons of ancient prejudices and modern po-litical squabbles. In Lower Canada there wasfound the remnant of the old animosity againstthe English, which originated in the time whentheprovincewaaheldbytheFrench.Therethechurch of Rome is predominant, and, by con-sequence, overbearing and arrogant It is the •It is enough to say that, as far as we can judge, stand electoral tickets. He would be stare « regime of Louis Quatorze over again. In there could have been no one to blame, and it heme if the question were one of lottery tloton. CanadaWesttheretoatargepartyofmaniacs musthavehappenedhaditbeenanyotherves- ThephilosophyoftheunionticketnTtkhwho swear by William the Third and the battle of Boyne Water, who have not forgotten the siege of Derry, who drink deep to the "De- struction of the Papists," and to whom "Crop-sels or any other commanders." Let us examine into the merits of the c u e and see whether there was "no one to blame."The Lady Elgin was a steamer of one pies Lie Down ' hi a tweeter sir than the most thousand tons burthen; the United States7ies of Eastern rulers. The world is, in fact, political and religious, the poor Prince has had the Regency was cut short la his raid a*ai ing fifty persons in each. The L\ady Elgin at the commercial metropolis. Bat he now sjjgSj-palmy days of Jackson, and if it can be car- taneously wrought in the condition of nations, rites of hospitality have been overlooked in at capable of carrying ten persons, two lifeboats acted under his General Committee wereattempted to be established by Biddle them. Thus, in the commencement of the sanannra AMERICA* wowmnt, *m**gf§* —« and his fellow monopolists. The scheme is one Chinese rebellion, of the Indian mutiny andheartburnings, rabid animosities and general Here, then, is one important infraction ot the tractmg with the merchant princes of New bad feeling, which will not be obliterated in taw. Again, the United States steamboat law York, who are able and witling to bleed. Thenin which the Albany intriguers have had a State of the Syrian massacres, it is probable thatyears, If ever.Happily for us, no such dangers await Baron Renfrew when he lands on the soil of the United States. We have a warm political contestpassed in 1852, section 5, says:— to sound philosophy In this. Richmond Tfcat eve rj such vessel carrying patenters shall also that the commercial men In New York who anbe provided with a good life preserver, made of saiuiiematerial,orfloat,wellade thepurpose,foreach friendsofBreckinridge,andhavetheirtofe material, or float, well adapted toconnections with the South, could probssi;raise two hundred millions, while the little fc. After a careful and impartial perusal of all tion connected with Green or the DougUi py. the statements and accounts of the catastrophe ticians In this city have not as much mootju in question, we have yet to learn that there would pay their ferriage over the river Strtwas a single life preserver on board the Lady King Dean, therefore, will have nothing tc dc Elgin, or if there was, of the salvation of a single with fellows like Green and Tucker -one of life by such instrumentality. Assuming, for a whom represents old speeches and old clothst,•tre«*--Sa:«im- allude to the plan of railroad combination which has been so profitable to its contriversPawTaw*.••tstrdsvy,SeptemberIB,I860. thatgoesintothepublictreasury,andevery acre of the public lands, sweat for the profit ofmerelyasleversbywhichitworksoutitsown thetrackoftheaborigine;hecouldvisitour ment'.-sake,werethelifepreserversmadeof ofBreckinridgerepresenttwohundredmiiUoajTl»e HOWS.the managers.wise and philanthropic purposes.Those who look upon the savage contest which is at prepent being waged in the interior of China as one of local interest only, and as likely to terminate merely in a change of dynasty, take but a superficial view of the sub-great cities and thriving towns; he could re- ceive our hospitalities and review our milisuitable material and kept in accessible places, of hard cash, and they are the men for the Re- in readiness for the use of passengers ? Again, gency. Richmond finds he cannot get moaejtia as well next year or the year afterBut there is one thing, land the most interesting of all, to wit, the Presidential election, which does not happen every day, nor is it probable that 6uch a curious campaign as that which iscrops in England had still further depressed bread- miles on either side of the line, and Eastern barbarism, this time to conquer and years. Our English guests will travel throughstuffs, and a decline inflourto the extent of one obtaining the passage of laws for the trans- subject it to its ideas. It may be this country while the canvass is at its height,stalling per barrel is quoted. The cotton market portation of all the materiel of the War De- objected to this notion that the strug- and will have a full opportunity to see the waywas steady and quiet, while provisions continued partment and Indian Bureau, it is calculated gle has originated within the bosom of in which our general election- are conducted.doll. No change of importance had occurred in Undoubtedly the morak of the affair, the tricks, financial affairs. that the expenditure of sufficient government China itself, and therefore cannot be owing toA Paris correspondent states that the French money annually for ten years can be secured external influences. It might as well be said and turns and twistings, the lies and humbugs,portant. tracts to extend over a series of years, se- The continuance of favorable- weather for the curing grants of the public lands for fiftyject The truth is that it is a phase of the con-flict which civilization has again renewed with going on now will take place again In manyThe plan is to make a combination of all the great Northern railroad companies, for the pur- pose of constructing a Northern railroad to theas now.to build the whole road, or say two hundredmillions of dollars. This money is to be di-"She report of Garibaldi's visit to Monteleone is vided among the combining railroad companies, mercial intercourse and the advocates of the the Prince and his suite. They wiU heargovernment have Just purchased ten large steam transports in the United States.in Japan, between the friends of extended com-philosophical point of view, cannot but refer to great rivers and prairies of the West at anyan influence which uses political questions time; he could bunt the buffalo, or encamp on moment, the affirmative of this point, for argu- and the other empty bottles. The supportenthat the conflict which is now being carried onthat make up the stock in trade of the political spouters and managers, will be explained toacross his vessel's track, as the exigency of the case demanded>nor was the steamer run at diminished speed. A bail had just been heldshall have a union ticket after all, which wffl sweep the State.reiterated, and It is reported that he had written in the shape of fiat contracts for mail and army old exclusive system, had no support other than people of all parties proclaiming that the in the grand saloon, and hardly had the sounds But let a Vigilance Committee be appointed to the revolutionary committee that he would be transportation, which they are to cede wholly in the theories which had been acquired from country is assuredly going to ruin, and they of music died away, or the brilliancy of the oc- by the merchants to see that the money sub-reported that Sardinia was about to Intervene in and new concessions are to be secured from a utterly torpid or incapable of app iating the be pleased with it than otherwise. They will of the passengers, when suddenly a crash that there is a secret league between the two the affairs of Naples, and that Gen. Lamar mora waato proceed thither with thirty thousand troops, with Northern majority in Congrees. The scheme is truths that are deducible from 1 own expe- see all the politicians worked up to s tremen- changed the scene, and soon it was ascertained Albany Regencies, Richmond, Csgger and Com- the avowed object of rescuing Naplesfromanarchy the product of certain New York intriguers rience. Io the civilization which exists there, dous pitch of excitement, threatening blood, that a fatal collision had taken place. The pany on one side, and Thurlo w Weed and his in the event of the downfall of the Bourbons. Sar- long familiar with such operations in Albany partial though it be, there must ever be a strong murder, fire, treason, insurrection, civil war scene that followed beggars description, and we lobby on the other, to defeat the union ticketetinia was making extraordinary military prepara- and Washington; and it is estimated that be- sympathy and inclination towards our own. and general anarchy, iand may. possibly, be will not repeat its details; it was sad, disas- and elect Lincoln by the popular vote; and this tions. tweencontractsandpubliclandsthreehun-Whatevermaybethepresentaimsandobjectspersuadedforamomentthattherepublicistrousandappalling;everthreehundredsoulsdeepschemetoconnectedwithasplendidrail- The Papal State** continue disturbed. Ancona dred millions of dollars can be legislated Into of the Chinese insurrection, there can be no really in danger. were suddenly plunged into eternity. Is no way job—a road to the Pacific. It is necessary,had been declared in a state of siege, and the Pa- the pockets of the combination without spend- doubt that it has originated in a spirit of an- But if they remain until after the 6th one to blame for thisfearfullots of human life? therefore, to have a Vigilance Committee toin Naples on the 8th inst., to assume the dictator-will see that the country seems, like the Irish casion ceased to animate, and while joyous scribed Is faithfully applied in defeating Lin- shipinthenameofVictorEmanuel.Itwascertificatesofstock,andwiththesene#grantsimaginedthatinAsiaticcountrieithemindisladywhowasabductedthreetimes,rathertothoughtsandvisionswereoccupyingthemindscoln.Theretosomereasonforgravesuspicionpal delegate had been recalled. The French army ing a dollar of their own. at Rome waa to be increased by 3,500 soldiers.A revolutionary plot had been discovered at Ve- We denounced this scheme some months rona. It is said the revelations threw a startling since, when it was first started, and since that lightontheproceedingsofaneighboringPower. timethe managershavecontinuedtheirlaborstagonism to the prejudices and restraints by* of November they will find that the We assume thr t there are those legally and watch the Regency of which Dean Richmoai isor in part to the combination in exchange for foreigners. This i- not so. It u»t not beture King of England willfindthat his is not thethat get the upper hand, they will have to degree than even the poor King of Naples, whoconfirm their ascendancy by large concessions has not a friend in the world.to foreign governments. Russia will notbe content without having the freedom THE AMERICA* EAOLK ABROAD.—We print though their paltry dollars cannot bring back of any section of the country, but the embodiedly to continue, the government being without ade. out the bargain in the hope to obtain theirquatemeanstochastisetherebelliousIndiana.Inprice. ofhertradeonherSiberian,frontierto-daysomeaccountoftheopeningofthefirstthelifeofasingleoneoftheillfatedsteamer'sideaofthewholeUnion—havebroughtpeopleorder, however, to raise funds, s decree had been No matter what promises they may make in issuedenforcingthepaymentofcustomhonesdues. regard to fusion, all they wish to obtainThe seat of government had been removed to thereby is the control of the money the mer-chants of New York, whose interests are na-guaranteed, and in this view will American horse railway tn England. This rail- victims, nor compensate the loss by the here from all quarters to the central point, certeifily insist on having a large slice of way has been constructed in the streets of widows and their children, yet recovery of whereailthevfmiinterestsoftherepubliccon- territory pledged to her. England nod France Birkenhead, a town of considerable importance, damages by the losers by this affair may in a centrate, where political issues are to be de-opposite Liverpool, by Mr. George Frarieis measure act as an example for the guidance of cided, and every question of importance, whe- principal ports of China sbaU be made free, Train, a rare specimen Of Young America in others emplojed in the steamboat passenger ther political or commercial,findsitsfinalsolu-will be satisfied with nothing lees than that the0<ar correspondent at BarDadoes, writing on the tional, arc willing to contribute for the neces-Slat oil., says:—The markets are foil of bread- sities of the canvass, and then to defeat the and that the interior commerce of the empire its fullest developemeni Mr. Train, although traffic, and who enjoy the patronage of a too tion.stoflh, and prices are unremunerative. The wea- be thrown open to the world. We do not see still a young man, has made a good deal of confiding public. The thermometer which indicate? with uner- therisveryfavorableforthegrowingcrops.Ourobjectsforwhichitwillbecontributed.Amush admired volunteer corps a in a state of re- black republican Congress is to be brought to how, in the position to which matters are hasten- noise in the world, and is what we call in the A SIGN OF SAVETT.—The Richmond &tpt(rer, ring accuracy the rise and tall of trade—the bellion. The members enrolled in July, 1869, and forward the same purposes (hat ruled our last ing, these conditions can be evaded, t h e allies States a '•smart'' feUow. He watched the ope- as the organ of the Breckinridge democracy advertising department of the HXEALD— has ei-corrupt State Legislature, where the tools of have merely to throw their weight into the ration of street railways in our large cities, and of Virginia, betrays, in ita unwonted violence, periencedthe change m a remarkable manner,these cliques voted for similar infamous mea- scale to decide the struggle between the two became satisfied that they would do equally its sense of danger. Placed between the two for we have been obliged to issue a ffiplssures, whereby the city of New York was grid- great factions into which the Chinese popula- weU in England. He had, too, the example of fires of Bell and Douglas, it strikes right and sheet every day this week, with one ex-ironed, and Its franchises to the value of a tion is divided. One or the other will therefore the American railway in Paris, running from left with more energy than discretion.*The ception ; and the probability is *»* * *million of dollars were voted away. Wewarn be glad to purchase their support byconceding the Place de la Conoorde to the Barriere de simple truth to that ike conservative forces of shall have to do so every day 'rl^« * •7 &a,i II busy season lasts, excepting S^**. »matter nnder consideration, and no doubt mea- there is yet time to defeat them. If they are of an Influence which has not as yet been taken he went to work among the English capitalists, that in November* the will lead off more than looks very much at thr«g* w e w o u l d *thinking they had done so for one year, moat of them unwittingly incurred the militia fine by neg- lectingtoenrolhiJanuary,1860, according,tothe militia act, and though they endeavored to repair their error as soon aa it cam* to their knowledge,the fine waa rigidly enforced; hence the excite-ment However, the House of Assembly bas the the country against these schemes now, while all that they demand. Thus, by the Operation Patsy, and paying, we believe, very well. So Virginia have the State in their hands, andsureswillbetakentoremittheodiouspenalties. notdefeatedthefederalgovernmentwillbe intoconsiderationinthiscontest,andItowhichstirringuptheoldfogieswonderfully,and,compelled to issue a qu+vnpl* sheet occa- disunion agitators of the Southern democracy. I sionally to accommodate *«» ^ S ^ ^ I J Jter as to the cause of the fatal disaster. W e The Breckinridge men can have ten, twain publishthefollowingasthemildestspecimen fifteen,ornnynumberofelectors'onthetickof the manner in which the case is dismissed:— that is reasonable. Ben. Wood did not osi*.sham union ticket It must be a veritable ualot The steamer left Chicago for Milwaukee ticket, that will defeat Lincoln by embraciaj at ten o'clock at night; the skies were all the elements of conservatism. They rilof inky blackness; the wind howled fu- not throw away their money with the certainty riously and everything portended a furious of defeat staring them in the race. Richmoai storm, and the boat was overloaded with human will therefore, after rejecting the offers of tot freight; notwithstanding these tacts the captain Breckinridge State Committee, as he didyes- persistently undertakes his voyage. With all terday afternoon, let them have a repressaav these facts, and added to them, we have yet to tion of Breckinridge electors on theticket,I learn that Capt .Wilson had taken the precaution being well understood that they will cow to have extra lookouts for vessels scudding down with the dust; and, consequently, asof herofficers?What are themots?herein prticribei, dx.Crrr.—The h a t b e e nEvery branch of trade has experienced an activity without precedent, and there to every likelihood that this state of things will continue. Thto Is attributable, no doubt, to various causes—the general prosperity of the country, our splendid harvests at the West aad South, the briskness of our shippiog trade, theTHE BUSTKKSS o r THE n e t s o f t h e m e t r o p o l i sbasi- enjoy-Western or Eastern city, nor the representative^TT« imcj tffett ©taer than his own, and that so** incorrect.tion?charging the failure of the democratic fusion to travagance of the Central Park, and the dis-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the Tucker-Green Committee.honesty of our politicians generally, do notwww.fultonhistory.com 