 amBaahaaativsegteass far present of tbe vengeance which has for centuries, are awakened in the bosom af a shriek, while father their children about them aad curse the day•ret* aavera. Blunt and McKinney. who were expelled, from the ewntrylastyear,weretbeinstigators." Butthesemen left a church behind them, and the enemies of Blunt and McKinney were also its enem.es. Itwasminutes after we parted; bad the jib not been hauled Somerrilie, Mass. He will be Installed 21st Inst.somewhat wroth at the independent conduct of their ju- niors. ThefactappearstobethatMr.Pageandhiscol- leagues were inspired with the grand tbnight or putting TammanyHallintotheirpockets,andorassumingthe entirejtonlrol or the party. .Some mischievous wags en-mU.'•fFrom Havana 1 learn of the - arrival >f slavesa mishap, by which h a balloon was rendered lor the occa- sion comparatively useless. A goodly number of specta- tors had!assembled to witness the curious feat of a human beingUibstlnghimselfto thefrail protectionofapaperbut all arms or papers relating to General Wallers expe- dition must be retained in the fort as public property.THE TEBY LATEST. TheBritishbrigBate,Capt.WmStevens,wbjehbrings. t* « e , reasonable, enlightened, merciful a a d religious, "(spared with a drunken, excited pro slavery Texan acb, and yet it is a t the mercy of a tribunal of this sort Ibat a large number of oar fellow citiaens now hold their hws and property.rather given up to a Spanish man-of-war brig, 0rt Maun ms. she was chased by the Crusader, and prei irred de livering to ber own flag. From the Bahamas we have news of the total loss of tbe ship Wabash, on tho ftminios, sugar loaded from Ifstanzas, part of cargo saved; also, that bark Liberty, from New fork to New Orleans, was ashore oafpi<aelle shoal, but got off.Artistic Movements.Mr. Forrest closed bis engagement at toltimoreyoung children destitute of any means. Lives ,orner De- fair young damsel raised the window, peeped through the fenced in as a barrier to the crowd, a corps of policemen It is to tne following effect :—troit and Jefferson streets. half open shutters, sad wondered what could be the mat- were aujband, huge bundles of straw lay around In readi- Alter leaving Truxillo, Walker retired down the coastMrs. Wilson lost her husband, to left very destitute, ter. Her curiosity van certainly awakened, gome said ness for fuel, and the immense fabric, suspended by a line in tbe direction of Cape Gtaclas. Be had at that time with seven young children, without any means. Lives that the friends of Douglas were collecting at Mr Bel- (the 21st) eighty men, all well armed and in good spirita. opposite Nazro building, East Water street. mont's residence tM alcome the "Little Giant" from the rrom the rope of tbe famous Blondin, was in process ol in- On the 23d tbe enemy started out in pursuit, and thaTwoorphanchildren of constable Patrick:Faheyand barbecueatJones'Wood. Others made similar errors, flation.! .samedayan engagement tookplaceat a locality «'i*^ wife, wbo are both lost, left without any means at all. and there are many who will remain ignorant of the WiUiih the moath or the balloon, which also enveloped "Cotton Tree," on tbe Roman river.nor any relativee inthis city. Live corner of Detroitand cause of tbe excitetoi at until tbey peruse thto article. At a large cask with a wire top, that served the purpose oT a In this engagement one man (private romeroy) wag——WHOLEN O . 87fl4.SUNDA YTBDS U S E S1CB1GA1I CmSTMPBE.SBPTEil|D3BR1 6 ,1 8 6 0 .TIE COIBG RE1GI Or TERROR. H^Wtokdnw anagTtoBMlMBBB) SHF JseBnpsa • • Jtmtrsd[From hto speech a t Laneteg, Sept, 7 | tt bee beea always my policy I* MltrnmawncmThey toft here some days since, asHate should beafreeState, and ImMfimwrn*of African Mamvy Ut ail the Mam. • a s tbe bosoms of atovas; all the offices of domestic ser-mpreoJc*aforeigntt lateaew /ram Aa w\*i.4 ctject of ear army naif Soj«sthal iami became that, if have the fires—where are the incendiaries:' We have the Insurrection—wherearetheInsurgents? Thereshouldbe iwafmaVi by this tune some appalling accounts of fiends In humanshape desolating peaceful homes ; or armed bends of blacks thirsting for blood and furious with passion; of slaughtered men, of ravished woman and murdered child-lose our spars, and I went back of tbe inmast aa soonaswestruck,thesteamer slewedour totbe wind; as soon as we came head to wind, 101 ed all the sails down; there was half of the foresail, a: lrdof the mainsail and the tore staysail up at the tIn the Brooklyn Tabernacle, on Fulton avenue, near nave at last formed an organization under the title ol ss to render tbem useless. A targe quantity of powder Mehodtotchurch." This wasdonetoconvention, andsomecartridgeswerethrown intothewaterclosets, Hoyt street, preachmg to-day by the pastor, Rev. Wm st Pekin, on the 23d ult. Considering that they were sad casks of water emptied upon them. Thus in oasaaasatfpillows at aightJtmrtr food is cookeJ by ahvv« their ran. wthmthflvnUttf jt<uMtititmti twtitm, the dtcrttm chiWren are carried in tbe arms and rest their headsof motiveany longer roam to doubt that t h eof dntsrdey morning was one over whichthto morning and evening.Dr. Price, rector of St. Stephens, will pre»chaatctmoneytolantawttaearmsami naaw|whnA ia their ren. Whathavewe? TheCameron Sena*-1announcessaid the biganchorwaajammedunderthewindlasssoitcouldnotwben the two companies were rapidly formed to order and the march commenced. Everything connected withfn m icat raolel community bears a stronger and stronger pear even in a Texas* newspaper. The conductors ofItitjbreeaHkseeafftnto <yeawith whichntaybrtnaa t uitamaaawisaosiX"NEW YOMHpi|!P!T!lVIW|apa,!M'1.p ,yj|i|R..,,.,.!,,..». •j.w.^miiff!k?;MjT^!.i!L:..!lM^ip|ii NMttawiW'^fflp^pa^apaapiffjii .,,u unpii 1.1.!L1 nm,••—-•—'—1That la — whnto ipsaMM, » I « W « | , vice me in tbe bands of stoves; slaves are all about thento every menial the field, tbe stable, the toast had as aaatroL It remains yet to be _[From tha N. O. Ftoaynae ofSept 1L Jthe lasnaegara by tha brig Bate, which em,** church corner of Broome and Chrystie streets. Service to moved, that the new heuse may stand on a part of its to the stream tost evening tram Tristan Island was Mr1MBIaaaegregtouslywrong,aadyoamayahaadeame kitchen,thadtotos; thebedchamber,whantheywhethersomeofhismenwerenotderelictmtheirduty. commenceatnaif-pastteno'clock.sktaJA new Epiicopal aad aim a saw Baptist church have recently been dedicated to Brooklyn.The United Presbyterian congregation of Baltimore ha* obtained a lot in that city, at a cost of $8,000, and is en* to erecting thereon a church edifice at a cost 0 ' •12,000.MISCBLLABBOtTS*honorsry degree of D. D, was conferred upon Rev.CharlesAllen,privateSecretarytoGeneralWalkertotha expedition to Honduras. Mr.who were taken ea board thaby whose officers be waa treated with thegreatest civility and most assiduous attentions.Tm-iii_LO,Honduras,August22I860 General Walker and bia followers retiredtad DT aKernntivea. If I am wrong i t areaouacint HavO- ry itexpedtoat, yoa will of OHIM aecapt it. When «M y<»ev*r readoreeeuf a State aeoptod exclusively bythat was in any danger at boa* or abroad* la thea a slave State, or a SUA* that evar mat a mmftateeatlafmattaaatoftsnerton,aadwhich still retaias any vestige of shrvary. that dees aot to-day confesswake and when they sleep, when ill, wlhen well, abroadand at borne, srerywhere, always, inin every possibleretotton, are slaves, maenasy toaiyas,S^TaiVMCf wawtoHM With ttJw-*•»«?*«^»*i»*»«. carryiwy cat a long cherished desipn, an- dbr m Itmwffihm laaaag fbim whe are meat wsttIaslysaf, . u . - ^ i a o r t crueJ, wreak their long pent upvengeanceonmortalfoes. NowonderthatinaslaveState thay tremble at tha first whtoper of insurrection. No mender tha'. wbea iseurrectkw to really a positive m etcosoasB's vmymn. -The Coroner*sjury yesterday examined Cast. MatoU, ofthe schooner Augusta, sa follows —Captain Darius Nelson Malott sworn—I reside in the'• In the Btoccker street Universeltat church, corner of Dtwning street, services nt half-past ten A. M. and half past seven P. M. ?o the evening, "The loss of the soul," will be considered by Ber. Moses Ballou.ttatiitobetodangerofdomesticiaaarrectlaaf Notaid, theyarebesidethemselveswithfear.A hmafU ef •ed"•»•» aawsap SB Csatsam, end estey weUmft*tnkmandspikesandsptart, etomeadtorrt/VCU fearofaservilewar. forattoasttwomanthetheyhavechange of wind from northeast to the southwest; I gotupatoneo'clockandcameondeck;thBsecondmate wasbythewheel: he midthaweather and windwas about tbe same; 1remained on deck flvetor ten miautos,past seven P. M. j TheNewJerusalemchurch(Swedeaborgian)willhokiof a cor.Such, at thin moment, to the condition of Texas. The people of that 9tate are In an agony of panic, born of tbement on Walker's part was torespendecce betweea bim aad . ofHerMajestyasteamsloop-ofwarIcarus tha,. beingcertainBritish interests laHondurassaidtahave been infringed by Walker to tbe ooeuiwtiaa of Tmx-been inthaunhappycondition,althoughnotoaeparticlepublic worship todayatthe NationalMusicalInstitute, 7C6Broadway, at'half-peat ten A. M.of evidence baa yet been made public that there is anyjawwtbt/adpwlCatoa,wdfe«f—*eeftasaiTetotoaand groundfartheirapprehension. Ontbe8thofJuryafire sadthenlaiddownagain, aaIwas,till bells-i.e.will of the late Rev. Wm. NeiU, of Philadelphia,thefollowingbequef*:-.«2,000totbeTruHt'»eof Hlo. Commander Salmon informed Mr. Walker tbatnnkyemptUtthefrmmm whodefendsfreedomaetataher liawa, aad IbaaewM ruhjectt to fa* Kale aad fnsjot (at Maw eaesaysreifo/veatom. Notfram feeliasaof cruelty,bat fromalarmforthesafelyoftbeMala;aadwbatdowe bear from Texas now but that that aewStato, etrj newerMichigan, bot having, aa ateofmoremo- thewind maingaff ,' we thenthediscoveryof"adtoboUcalplantodevastatethewfaoto of Northern Texas." This shut was to lay the whole country In waste by fire, to destroy all arms and ammoni- tion,andonelectiondaytoAugusttomakeageneralin snrreetkm of the stoves, aided by white persona in Texas aadwhiteemissariesfromlieNorth. Thatthelittle village ot Dallas was burnt up, If probably true; bot< thai occurred, it will be observed, as early as the 8th of July, and the telegraph despatch, which seat the intelii gence.goeeontosaythatotherfirmare"reportedtohave occurred on the same day" at Blackjack Grove, Denton,clearoverhead thestarswereshining;itderate aad thera was lees eind; the mate wassteadynorwaeeet;Itest himtoloosetopaafl, which was furled, aad set it; be did hadallmilset;thawastwoo'clock bythewhich was aa hour and a half tco fast for Chi agotime; I then went down below, and took m yHttta sleep; I Anally gat into n doze of sleep, the second mate coming down; berapped and said i; looked squallv; I sprang up, 1thirdstreet,betweenSixthandSeventhavenues,Bev.H. D. Ganae, pastor, tbe Rev. Dr. Ferris may be expected to preacheverysabbath duringtheabsenceofthepastor Services at half past tea o'clock A. M. aad half past three o'clock P. M.In the Memorial church, Hammond street, corner of Waverleyplace,theRev.CorneliusR.Duffle,rectorofSt John's Baptist church, will preach thto evening. Serviceswhoamybetopreearntioator (heGwpei try.BishopofRipon,ofthe EnglishChurch,objectsto -lonal singing in churches. He has just addressed ofremonstrancetoanincumbentinwheatpariah nouncement bad bean made that a professional sic had been engaged to stag on tbe reopening of bisch He writes strongly against the practice. Thechurch recentlyoccupied bytbeUnlversaltotSo- ciety in Natick, Mass., has been purchased by tha Catho-pertchargesreceivedbytheCollectorotCustomsatthe port of Truxillo, and that be demanded of Mr. Walker all money s received by bim from these soaroes sines ha took forcible possession oftheplace. AsGenWalkerhad made Truxillo a free port from the day of hie entrance therein,andasnocollectionshadbeenmade,ofcourse be could only reply to this efteet, and that therefore there were no funds on band to anawer the demand.Commander Salmon'• 1 mpiasn to thtofromthe Generalwaathat bemusttoy1and abandon the fort. In the event of Itee British flag would protect him aad his men oat they could embark on some vessel aad aad tana t coaatorHonduras. Incase,however,herefusedtaI down his arms aad accept the tosses athaad 1 oftbeIcaruswould beopeneduponbim'would be taken by force. Tha kerns arrived m tha harbor on the morntog of the 20th tost., and the onrre spondence, of which I bare given a brief aymplace yesterday. The last communication .with panic bataaaeof abvrery being brought into Pilot Point, Ladonia, Helknap. Milford and several taught the door I felt the vessel going over;a partioa of bar crUaaaa. Bat yoo will other places, tha aggregate tots of all which exceeded instantly, and saw tbe vessel lying on her 1 ends; Iportion of tbe State, kindled b y t h e torches of aboli- tion torn."as fast sa they could; I ordered the helm as I came on deck, and tbe wheelsman an bardup,thewindwuaboutN.X.W. tit wase steamer w ber bull we wouldknow!* dging the receipt of a donation from tbe Southern Aid Society, remarks;—One of the most toteresting points of labor to old Pohick church, the parish church nearnf tcuoo,1 that - a negro boy acconpanied hi;u in h » lage in Texas, all of whose inhabitants, no doubt,ptpiuu m i soapeosiou from earthly duties." The wit of ootid be disposed of by a vial full! Indeed, w e are not anchor in three minutee or less; the schooner was onand has already beinttneuced his labors. small section of thoee owning allegiance to the old wig-selves the solitary inmates of this old fort and tbe solemn h o u r o f m i d n i g h t u p o n t h e m . F e w , i f a n y o f t b e m c t o s e d their eyes in slumber, and every noise, especially the b a r k o f a d o g , w a s i m a g i n e d t o b e t h e a n n o u n c e m e n t o t tbe rapid approach of an armed and bloodthirsty enemy. Intent upon our destruction). However, all was well, and after a long watch daylight broke upon us, and not a per- son, either friend or enemy), bad entered tbe fortduring the night. /At an early hour this morning Dr. Newton ««.•• v'r. AlienwentwithsomebastetotoeactiosBritish«'<••sul, Mr. Wm. Mulhado, and in behalf of the entire party madeapplicationforBritiabprotection. Astherewaa a man 01-war in port, the commander of which was Mr. Mulbado's official superior, be could not give us a positive answer until a consultation waa had. He, however, promised to do ail to bis power fort b e « i a . v e s t o n A' CKS I S s t i l l m o r e g h a s t l y w h e n i t i n - s u r a t h a t t h i s p r f p o s t e r o u s s t a t e m e n t m a y n o t y e t s u p press the insurrection, for some of the Texas journals areb e r b e a m e n d s , a n d g o i n g a s l a s t a s e . . e w e l l c o u l d ; t h eform* m that the " Abolitionist, J. E. Lamon, bad been already beginning to bint that there lias been no suchsea was not extra rough at the time of the collision,The Rev. Dr. Ffeiremild has resigned tbe Secretaryshipp r e T t o t t - i b y a m a t e r i a l i m p e d i m e n t f r o m l e a v i n g t h e Mate, that he had climbed a tree, and we presume had hurt h mseif m coming down." Merriment of thiasort, if >tdors r..-t strike us, in this latitude, aa very promo tue cf cheerfulness, at least reveals the spirit by which the pro navery zealots In Texas are now animated. That there mno real excuse for the bloody saturnalia in whicht h i n g a a a p l o t i n t b e S t a t e .That there has been a panic there can be no doubt, norhas it been without a purpose or withodt results. In tbe1 d i d n o t b e a r t h e E l g i n w a s s u n k t i l l w e gaM t | t b e d o c k ; none of our men told me of it; I don't makeja practice of to'king with men before the mast, except to| toll tbem to mind their duty 1 think we ought to hare heard thee d t h e c a l l o f t h e I p t r s t I ' r e s h y t e r i a n c h u r c h o f M o n t g o b e e n r e g a r d e d w i t h t h e e x t r e m e p e n a l t y o f e x o o m m u n i - mery. orange county, N Y ., where he was formerly cationii |Some dozen or more members or the Young Men's- -^feeyareindulginga mademanifestbythebogusletterwhich we published yesterday morning, purporting to befromoneabnUtioaist incendiarytoanother. Everyline<tf itcobumed clear evidence that tt was tbe composition determined, so we fare informed, that the of a t t a p i d a n d i g n o r a n t d e f e n d e r o f t h e " p e c u l i a r i s s t t t u M e t h o d i s t C h u r c a N o r t h s h o u l d n a v e n o a b i d i n g tan," ibat the writer was not only a forger, but a blockdownitisprobablethevesselwouldhaveansweredhereweatber helm better; the steamer was out 01 sight beforeamancouldwalktwicetbelengthofourdeck;itwasal-most impossible tosee any distance dead to windward;1 l o o k e d p a r t i c u l a r l y w h e n I f i r s t s a w t b e s t e a m e r ' s l i g h t sfor her cabin lights, but did not see say; I was abaft the invitation extended him by tbe South Baptist Society of couraged Mr Page and his backers, and tbe folly has thusit: net 1 to arouse people Into activity, forged letters nounce tbe murder, at different places, and at differentchagrin of thoee wbo at first regarded the rnscameintothefortwithafew marines,andtookpea-we, on the contrary, one of the ordinary saeomoanjments timea, sometimes of one, sometimes of two, of three, and tfgrom imposturAs and delusions, got up by knaves fortha; In the protest it was stated that the steamer kept at tbe church on Wednesday evening, tbe 5tb mst. steady on her course; now, tbe vessel did keep steady-Titus Oaten, in which thsy did not figure. mans of tbe West ; and it is utterly destituts of any oth- er reason. That it may not bare ample ground for it, byon ber course, but it was in spite of our exertionsto get ber off ber course. 1 told no one of the collisionuntil I got to tbe dock; I told no one that I bad run into church of Baltiraor] has tendered ln.< resignation to thehcstiltty,m> ether warfareand ut timelywastheir wante.very summer,tora ptoasars trip 10 w e Northern Lakes.TOTALiJMMBBB.OF Boons POTATO.Theahoto W of bodies found up to this da *> tofifty four Ave bodies on which inquests wareabout a score of vc<al and as many inetruiuontel per- formers. Mr. D. Miranda, who composed the mueielev that occasion, conducted the orcbeatra aad choir withprecision and care. The hallelujah, with which the many Closed, to an admirable composition, and waa y pratoed by several maecai wotosjnuu present, rrd, ruch sattofactton did ths musical performs**Such are m id to be the fruits of this diabolical plot;and, having so much, we naturally expect much more. wheel said she never altered her course An insurrection ripe enough to have advanced to confla- time 1came up tin the collision: I thoughtatthe from the time wepreach ia the large tent at the junction of Fifty-eighth Mount Vernon, of which Gen. Washington was a vestry- ture ofmore cartridges was carefully put upto small hagsvancing to other ways to some final consummation. We creasing our bows; I thought if we stining. A t half past four o'clock t h e Germans will hold their meeting.putting jit in complete repair.Woi learn rrom t h e Northern Independent that the ex- pelled minister and members or the Genesee Conferencewbi:h to poison the people, aad " then the knife aal tbe pistol, with which they were well supplied." Without armsthereensnavebeennoarming,tor,settingaside this last story sa wasting In detail, four guns, one pistol, and a dirk knife to an insurrectionary stock in trade which even Mr- Barnum's " Wbat is it?" would be too wisetostartinbusinesswith.Thatanynegroeshavepubliclybandedtogether;(bat anymurdersbarebeen committedbythem;that there has been anywhere any symptom of violence or out-St Ann's cht Rev. Themes mom w. "ith the totn*tern of tagging with aa keen a relah as the Druses and For these, with two or three exceptions, are would desist; the pupose of my orders before the collisionstrychnine, one would tbink would have destroyed ibe &*,) e >f Amurath was ever more jocose over a heap of the credulity of tbe most alarmed. A hundred bottles ofup she would not answer her helm; I crdern! no sail lamed Mr. J. B. Chapman as an Evai.gelistinncei skuils than the newspapers o; that Gnristiau andeiTihsed region over the daily murders which are nowbeing perr-tretrd of erery unfortunate stranger whom alirutiti m>bcbooses to accoiw of abolitionism. The danAnt-<c:o I- tger, for example, tnfoniie us that " a winder of negroes m a small and obscure frontier vil- ici; BU)I afler has just been translated to another t<pbereIY K. !?. Newton, surgeon in charge; B. Johnson, hospi- tal steward; Col. Thomas Henry, wounded byaptotol shot in the face; Charles Allen, secretary to General in chief, sick of fover; Walter Stanley, private, wounded is .the arm: Henry Cocper. private, wounded in the tag; C F. Conway, private, myer, and A. Iowe, private, fever.this deadly poison, a grain of which any nun however trustworthy and respectable he may seem to be, would end it difficult to purchase of any druggist in this city. A hundred bottles In the handsand ixu>ulk<d as pastor of iheTbird Presbyterian church at Albta, N. V.and by. If the excitement to kept up much longer, w eVaen we remember the materials of which the papula- will not predict. /; is dangerous playing with tuck an conversed with none of my officers ;j or men pel, died in Texas the 20th ult."** of uie worst features ia these slavery panics is r close proximity to the Presidential election. w« ccw bear of one every day In soma of tbe SB •»*e States. The coincidence to, to say the least, mftrtucate. We should be sorry to accuse any party « rocjactisgacaavarain blood,ofslaughtering-» amsAJr*T-'••* aasm•W.anttm>m- torre vm a longer interval betweea these connagrationa day street theatre by Mr. J. a Clarke. Mr 1. Barrowon tost Friday night, playing "King Lea'" to a wcatt nw* of deluded negroes,and pedtoraaad preachers house, the Sun says, "crowded to thai dome.Milwaukeestreets. ,! halfpastthreeo'clocj]:thedoorswereopened,andclosed Widow Fitzgerald lost her only son and .laughter, on tgaln at live, wjhep the services commenced. ByfornaceywasCoppto,busilyengagedinwatchingtn» killedandfivemenwounded,butnoneofthemseverely.{* the altar of political victory; but we wtoh sincerelyMr. Forrest has been succeeded at tb> Holll-Among them was Major Hoff, who was badly da figured side,whensuddenlythecrycamefromhim,"Throwon withbuckshot'andprivateJamesJ.Hogg,ofthacity, quire at J. /t. Davis' dry good store. thto arrangenie the exercises were nott dto- water.'! In an instant some impetuous todWdnalisemes who received a gunshot in the arm. The wound, bow-*M stry :hn;as atortos, and confessions, aad executions,ftdihcPrmiaaatialetocttoa. WeshallptahablybetoW baabeenplaying st Halifax,whereshe{avealsoEdward Slag and wife, who lived in Palmer's Addition, turned by late ra On entering, one to struck a pail and dashed Its contents over the surface^.instead1 or ever, was not severe.withthedifference;oltheformationofthistoothersyna givtoflUieslightsprinklerequiredTorl^ventinganex- Gen.Walkerwasalsopersonallyassailedinthecon- gogues. In all that -* have seen the room to longer cess of heat, and the paper being thus eoftened received flict, and received aallgbt wound in bis face. The assail-ly,founded intbefear anddistrust ofaclamwho,if 1thinkifthejibhadbeen hauled down, although tbe they did not know it before, will learn now that theie to vessel would have answered her helm better, she couldRev. Dr.Abel Church of New Lon|wen, oftbeFirst Congregational Conn., died in tbat city onFnT h e S l a v e T r a d e .Oil U T WEST COSKBBPOKDKNCK.Kxt Wnsr, August i 0,1880.potel to the miltction ot martial law at the fill The excitement consequent upon the attempt to steal kept steady on my course, according to what! I under- burg. His funeral will take place to day. «f an alarmed tyrant: but martial tow to at thebarkWilliambatdiedout,andthepartiesaresnugly standtobethelaw,unlessIsawthata collision wasIn-**<" aw. Under it crlminato are judged by a tribunal, evitable, when I would have disregarded the law, and iNBW CHUKCHES.*> beard in tbeir defeaoe, aad have tbe charges against cagedtor trial. The bark to now owned by Ax(onto Pel done everything in my power to avoid a collision; I do The announcement!ta the UXRAID of last Sundsy of tbebably but up a ticket for thefocalspoils; but. having still an eye to fusion, they reserve to themselves tbe right or revoking sny nominations they may make,totm proved with order and decorum The horror, and letter, of New York, who has obtained a registof, and she to* great horror of slavery, m a political point of view, cleared hence on the 28th for llobi'cnot tbink that the laws regulating the manner; of carry-ing lights on the lakes are competent; had the Lady congregation of "dbsBrith Israel." brought to tbe trus- Elgin seen my light, they would nave naturally supposed tees more applicants for seats than could be accommo-that I was beading for Chicago, and would h a w thought dated. So great was; tbe desire of many to be present ona. tha: n every community to which it prevails, publicf*- c or excitement briags not the tow of tbe camp, but•beer acarchy places every man's life and fortune at the on the night of the 3fitb, in Spanish smacks, a«ity of tbe rabble, turns tbe scum of barracoons looseCBtoecommunity,andfamiltorixesthewholepopulationwas wholesale bloodshed. Tbe most heartless, an I vie(leiire, and cruel minion of tbe Austrian Kaiser, thatvter t a t in judgment upon a a Italian Oarboaaro, ia h u -dedication or the new synagogue in Fifth avenue, by tbe Wood yesterday afternoon, did| not take place, owing to leave Truxillo whenever opportunity presented, ana would be allowed to take our private besgege withas,landed at tbe fish wharf, and carried from thenc 1 in lightI was in tbe troughs of the sea,The Inquest here adjourned to eight o'clock Pj u[FromtheDailyWisconsin(Milwaukee)Sept12]TBE DESTITITB MOURNERS.Mrs. P. McDonough, ber husband lost, is left with sevenlast Wednesday that large amounts were offered for theprivilege of a seat. The committee or arrangements actedwisely,however,insotissuingtoomanytickets,andtheera to Regla. A schooner, with slave*, was caj tared, orresult was that the place was cot overcrowded. The vehiolo on an airy journey, that was to tor I bim he knew us the above interesting e»rrespemdence, arrived at thtoFifth avenue was aroused from its wonted quietude, on port last evening, from Ruatan Island the 2d inst. Shelast Wednesday, by the constant streams of carriages to not a her- and agreeable to announcement, preparation reports ibat the brig Favorite arrived al Port McDonaldand from the synagogue. Those who bad not read our had been made for the event. A large circle had been on the 31st, from Truxillo the same day. whence aha last Sunday's issue 4 a not know wbat was going on. One bitrgs the very latest intelligence from the mainland.t wmavh •tot these •xceenta are the natural results of the antI readings, under the patronage of the artotocr icy, sad tives m thexity or any means of support. •ktery assaclto upon men who live to tha midst of ignoJ?* toaic i> reaas meeto with aa aiatmfisantwas formerly a Professor of Mathematics to the George-town College, and was a highly educated a n d Intelligentgentleman. Be had recently offered to be one of a party togiveia>.000taestablishacollegeatthtoptoce. Be totswereallowedall ass about forty years of age. citiaens, which. ^ J 8 * * * * * - *2. ^ P * " lany--lCTi»erfyB teacher other 00he remarked that 200 years first settled in thto country. H a er thto government his co-religion-pastedtogether,did cotlook upon Mesa. Coppto asa •loomed man, thaagh ho himself manifested all tbe confi- dence aaa courage in the feat of the most determined e n . tbusiast. .^—_-_^-_-.iTALua OPERA AX Nnoo's GARDSS.—On dit, that tbe Coruti Opera Company will appear at NibtotoGarden on alternate nights—Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday—to Mr. Forests. Mr. Servadio will bring out his new erhethatwaaquietlyburiedtoTruxillo.We atoo learn that, to abandoning Truxillo, Walker .eftbehind a large quantity of stores and provisioaa, warns doubtlessenabledtheenemytomakeapursuitsovigor- oas and effective. ^^ 4 ^These arethevery latest P^*^^**^*^.^ brig Kate, and tbey are furnwhed to us J * * > » TM £ reliable and authoritative soaroa.. Aad nj«eereaiypro-bable that tha raeeota,She to^mWMMBTBIBitsftH^ahSBit4aasamea^ltrfbsa—g-^^^adl^asam.m\mm CoioaelVanBeareaandLtouteaeatColonelFento,ofthe'tth a terror more toarfaltban s a y other that^P«aatoiiissdoammenttytothesetotterdays.-pr iv ileges aad righto e f ether than could be aa i <*T •*"/advanced and civto Washington, from wnom ne benediction for the congregationAM.U r w^ J**wsBsasBsiKirsi sVswfl TVI aaercMsi, »ma m Math regimeat. The Grays are a fine body of ^«aweriom*aaas«toga,tf it betbe borne reflect great credit on the aiy of Oms.in the Georgetown Female College, and of aaa personsI appearanceiMtosAm_The lecturer alsoquoted, sad endedand tbeir new place <beSabbaths and festivals, read2 ^ * " J*°P*. >*han by tbw soldiers of a CbrtoCOVFAJrF D, KIMTB1hh eampany, under tha oossmaai of Oaptatoi John Da- Mr. Wm. Gerth—highly0SZZJZIZSL "— - * • « * « •••ttdarr ehTQBJBjfl • M B T wHwBswsBsm tHJ '•»eb. 'r«tothatr " tIUsaendo .to a sabed*I prayer, and, as is toIn.then offered up ttanything that Tbe report of tkeaamewywbSfyoung todies; tha totter remarkable for her rarewww.fultonhistory.com!!•!«IHimil- ~*« l k » trr>l Barehir.'i /rfitlralU ) andMilitaryTHB n t HATSN GBAT3.scrolls contain tbe wound around mah satin and fancy ba silver flntai, aadTestament written on parchment, y rollers, and covered with rich lie. Each roller to mounted with eated with raws cf small goldenu Jrt"wmpaWl^y • « » *** will require a short timeonly to repair.We mar add tbat there were few present who, afterIn addition to the above, we learn that the officer re- portedto be wounded at Truxillo was Colonel Henry, af this city. He was wounded, however, in an affray which grew out of a private difficulty, aad not in conflict withva, will celebrate tbe first analversary of tbe corps to-3F0u9ltSon 13069toter.It a to be hoped, armtraeawm of bisn, reductag na forceIfiaaas.lying over so that a man could notholding on to something; I heard tlwithout rib shak-Rev. Dr. Thompson will deliver, at the Brotdway TaMOBNING,PRICE TWO CEJSTTS. THE LASTOFWAUEB'SELPDmOI.wtt» "tarty a* HVbeibre this regular Inquesttheywerebora.K«eaifitcentobehopedthat :,thatittonowproposedtohaveachoirpermanently» hi n*m tolght at P I ha meredfaL thayvvmld be lb VtfdhisvrLa anas^ msswhr masters attempt their ra- il to that every c~m m ua ity—Re lip; lawsCOT- CHCRCHES.Bev, Dr. Dewlisg, pastor of tbe Bedford street Baptist church, near Carmtoe, baring returned from Europe, willthed to the synagogue. waa) a s w e predicted i t grand occasion.On the whole the ceremonyaf storebatoars tree to ccastaat, tonser eadtog drand. fol-NEW CBCSCHie.The First Presbyterian church (0. S.) in WeeUtold,Union county, N. J , of which Rev. E. B Edgar has been pastor the lestton years, are about oomiaanctog opera tiots for building a new and commodious church edifice, with a spire. The present edifice h a s been occupied b ytowinj!them about by day and sitting down by tbeirtown of Mercer, county of Essex, Canada,! have been asailor for ten years; two aad a half years on salt water; ItookcommandoftheAugustaentbe31stofAugust,totbe River St, Clair; I knew none of the crew except m ybrother, on tbe night of the collision it was the secondmate'swatch,hisnameisGeorgeBudge:Iwenttobe1at boldDivineserviceto-day,athalfpasttenA.M.andhalf twelve o'clock, with my clothes all on; I was expecting niy School by the trustees of Washington College, t its late commencement.UnitedPresbyterianSynodofVirginiameetsin driainOctober. *TntheN.W.ProtestantReformedDutchchurch,Twenty $mlwar.IteemesbacktoyontaovaryStat*.Ken-occurredintheteamofDallas,wbicbled,itissaid,totwoo'clock;1thenwentondeckagain;itedquite lhe<-eofNewJersey,atPrinceton,toaidindigenttbeBritishgovernmentheldamortgageeaalldutiessad)have yea to da with thto? why latarfare la Btot mbjeotf why act adopt tbe oppoalte policy of non- letthoeewholikeetoveryhaveitand Hka rreeetosn bare frwahwaf I will anawer yen vary shanty. T an maintain now a standing army af about artoen thousand men, end a standing nary which 11 fery large, thaagh n o t very of&ctent. Can any man lal me what we maintain them tort Do we mam- ma them to keep peaoa la the State of Michi-aa army aad navy to beep t a t civilearsarvaato the free States* Mat atelL Do wa ceensy, aad MeKinney,ln Qollincounty,hadVeen burned " Ughte I looked to see if our light was right; it was burn- preach today at j half pant ten A. M. and half past seven ministers wbo nave arrived at Dubuque to attend tbeip'sclock,to get a I heard mydoor, lust s a los deck, at half-past ten, hi Iff-past threeand half past seven o'clock. lics at an expense of $4,000, including beU.eVgea, aw.The Qathollcs heretofore have attended service at Saxon- ,•00. Subsequently ether fires and incendiaryat- sangorutto tot go the foresail andmainsail tberun; Mr.Frothingbaiawill preachatthehall,northeastcor- vine.both gaffrtopsails and tbhe maitnotocapasail were ner of Broadway 1 fid Thirty second street, thto morning.tempts were reported, but all, except, perhaps, aeon fla- got a s deck; 1 made for the main Blag, sad Rev. Dr. Wm. Wilson, of Cincinnati, came passenger ingrauosInthetownofHenderson,restonnobetterau- thority than the "it to said," or-it is reported," the mere rumor, in short, of distant newspapera. Unsupport-got Intotheweathermainrigging;thevesselSubject—''ThaJustMan."Theeveningservicewillbe conducted by the Rev. George F. Xoyes.thesteamshipAsia.OnSunday evening, when it became known that the"big fibip" had arrived at Milford Haven, those of theed sasm IIi«s hare been plentiful from time to time, tag, and ran forwn-d and saw all tl jibs ware bernaole, thto evening, a discourse upon '-The Social and MilfordtoDKwbo were at chapel seemed to bestruck withwhere facte, accurate and carefully Verified, were special- sown; I had not wearid the jibs down; I ered themly needed. "A plot was discovered" to burn the town to let the foresail alone, and to come afi to the Religious Bearing of the Massacre in Lebanon, with a Pleaic; they all rushed forth from the different places ofp, leaving the ministers to preach to empty seats. five o'clock P. M., aad the officer delivering it ar*ofSulphurSprings- Dangerfield,toTituscounty,1was milin:whenIfirstgotforwardIsawthe •reported ' M added to the Itot of those laid Inashes. white light on our starboard bow; I don'tdtooBvnry was made of a upon Rusk, Cherokee of the crew singing oat there was.a light maty, the particulars of which * haaddnnoottbeen received." ward • I think that it was not above five mini1redand tortheSufiaringSurvivors." Servicestocommenceatmandsr Salmon was received by (toaeral Walker at 1 shorttimeafterthepeoplehadboltedtbepreacb- rangedtoreturnfromtbewaraloopforafinalreplyatthem then to clear away the anchor; the1 orderedAlvta Bartlett., Services will commence at half past ten o'clockA.M.andhalfpastseveno'clockP.M.helplessly out of the Methodist Episcopal church, and service or another tbe officers and men were busily ess- were!compelled to provideforthemselves,nothingless ployed until between tan andeleven o'clock v. M.,could be expected.•her any 11 got for- 1 from thehalf past seven o'clock.and followed, thus presenting tbe curious specta- the Cocks guiding t h e shepherds In the way theyten o'clock this morning. It waa not long after toe re- ceipt c f thto tost a a d rather peremptory totter before movements were visible toside t h e fart, indicating atom something unsualwason thetapis,althoughaooneeat. tide would bave noticed n a y change, so quietly w a s everything done. •Severaloftheprincipalofficersweresummonedtathe) presence e f the general end orders given as to tha various duties to be performed by them with ^tfraifh Adalttoa- al rounds of cartridges and caps were given eat to tha men,endaquantityofpowdersadballstorthemaoufac-go.AgsaHtoiimn""Jastdawn from Waxahacbie"informedan t:me1cameondecktillthecollision;Ijudge 1bywhat attlywestcfSixthavenue,UrbanC.Brewer,pastor,will The Dubuque (Iowa) Huald says that some oftheeditor 'that it was reported there that Tyler, in Smith waa done to the meantime assooa as I saw the steamer'sAnd "it seems," continues tha journal, "that anfast aa tog brightly, aad cant a refieeUoa all around in front; I P. M. Subject to the morning, "The Two Chapters of Methodist Conference, walked In—some as far sa one hun- theIretoputoatinonetownittokindledtoanother, sangoattathemanatthewheeltokeephithelmhard dredandfiftymiles.and no day passes but that the flames are rising In some up, and kept singing out to the men to get the mainsail in Christian Life;" in the evening, "The Lots of the Lady AS Episcopal clergyman in Fairfax county, Vs., in acmaintaintb«armyandnavytodetentasagatnatforeiga Mates? There a not a nation on the face of the earth bat dare attack any one of these free States if they ware all eeparated and disunited from the Union. Not one. (Applause.) There ia a s such thing,then, aa Hangar, aad yet we are keeping aa gration all over tbe State—well organised enough to do struck at right angles, and I thought it army and. navy, tor what* i n order that I U M may not all this with impunity—may well excite that worst of all wheel; when I first saw the lights I su ttcaptfromtheslateSkatesintothefirm,aaathatfreedor panicstowhichwejustnowreferred,aadmustbead- waa steering the same way we were; tlElgin."The Rev. Charles E. Harris, the converted Jew, willour jib boom, Ac. I ordered all cleared away—but abe stillwould not payoff, but lay there roiling; I ordered tworeefsIntheforemilandthenhadithoisted:inordertoreef it, the sail waa hoisted five or six feci, when shebegan to pay off; I stopped them from hoisting sny more,and got ber wore round and headed south west; I wantedtogetintolaid,supposingwebadgoneout1ttheLake Dr.HuntingtonijardinationasdeaconintheEpiscopal aconsiderabledistance;acehadbeenbeadir,.jthaeast churchtookplaceonthe12thinsL,inTrinitychurch, threequartersofanhouraftertbecollision1eforewegot Boston. Bitlj.j Binfats,ofthedioceseofMaine,preachedber round; I stood south-west till I got into seven the sermon.such a way as to guard against all unlucky slips and ace; in the sacks. No doubt the average per man is about nuefathom water; then stood down along the shore.1 saw no one or heard no one on the steamer; beard nobell or whistle; I heard none of our men call to thesteamer, but heard them say afterwards they did call tothrow them a rope, ai>u were damning them because theydid Dot; one of my kieu attempted to clear away the boat neetient, b y Uto JhsWCoii East Ccnsociatloa, on Wednes- bug ofprimary elections, In which the vox pepuli is sup description, on walking around them this morning.rte*mt jace so the recent amounia from Syria and MOB- those sheets, and their informants, exhaust tbeir pow- because lie supposed we were sinking; he was bound to day, Septembers.lesegro The citizens seem to have taken to the busi ers of invention in the stories of conflagration. get into the boat, and I had to give him a blbw before he On the 29th of Ji ly last, at New Hope church, Williammem, must certainly, Tiewed ia tbe light of Texsa break , or even any rumors of such violence, other thanRev. J. W.JoWa.of Louisa county, Vs., has been or- dained as' s BaptpH missionary to Japan.dents when the apparatus gets fairly in motion. The •'slate'' may be considered to be already made out by the wirepullers of the parties, though the preliminary hum-hundred rounds They also camel with them two bar- rels of pilot bread. As regards blankets or extra cloth- ing, the little army bad taken nothing more than each mac had on nt tbe time of departure, for the apartments or the fort were found strewn with garments of everymorals, be cmtsriereds gross outrage, even when cora-ntitted : Dprivate soldiers, and erery law abiding citizenwill be glad to see that the officials have receded fromIbeir o<:;ua and ridiculous position. Each week Amailthe alleged fires; that any of them have armed with murderous intent—for any of these things there to not the slightest evidence of weight enough to make it ap.Mr. Elijah C. HaktwlD, late or Union Seminary. New York, was ordaiocj(pastor or the church in Bethel, Con-In t h e Christian chape),Seventeenthstreet,immediw a m h a v e , i t i s t r u e , a n t i c i p a t e d ; t b e a c t i o n o r t h e e x p e - but grew rougher afterwards; it was raining!very hard: of the American enetForeifcn Christian Union, and accept- rienced generals of the party, bnt their presumption hastelfgrsnbic dispatch which brought tbe first intelligencein regard to it, it was stated that the "Abolition preach whistle of the steamer if she bad starded it three or Ave the call of the Ki|at Congregational Orthodox Society of ing tbeold men's committee, who are, in consequence,Stoce in Texas, sad if its members could not, like main rigging on the weather side when we collided; I Hartford to become their pastor.resulted in the bogus call for primary ejections. It haseven been carried further, for some of the conventionschosen have nominated candidates, much to tbe our welfare In tbe mean time tbe boatmen of the I fe-brad, .oi.awsof real danger and distress men do notnewt u means of this sort to quicken the public zeal dered. How many have been banged we know not, but think we were a quarter or a half mile apart when 1 j INSTALLATION.lunt and McKinney, be expelled, they could be mur- Thereahi.esof tbesituationare generallyfound amply onthapointtheTexasprints speak positively aad an-firstsawtbesteamer'slight. Tbedifference;betweenthe Theinstallation^ofRev.ArthurT.fierson, aspastorofstatement in my protest and my statement here is the Congregational!chinch of Binghamton, N. Y., was held whole n afla r as a good practical joke. The session of it, placing sentinels and Interdicting all ingressand egress. At about ten o'clock thto morning Comman- der Salmon came ashore to the fort, aad was received by Dr. Newton and Mr. Allen. The following conversation then took place:—Commander 8—"Gentlemen, I understand that yea have been left here by Mr. Walker, sad that you desire the protection of the British flag."N snd A. replied that such was the truth. Commander S.said,"IwillextendtbeprotectionoftbeBritishflag overyouifyouwillinformmewhatdirectionMr.Walker hastakea."N. sad A. replied: We certainly desire protection for ourselves and those now to the hospital sick and wounded, but we do not know the direction of General Walker's march.'' Commander 8. then said that he understood tbat Mr. Walker's Secretary bad been left behind to tho hospital.ern w u banged by the mob; a wealthy planter froml• •t i£» was set upon still mare recently, simply because he passed through a town tn great baste, aad itwatou;» h a drawing h a revolver, and announcing bwdetermination to sell b a life dearly, that saved him fromiwtast death, and afforded time for Inquiry. Poor ped-*rs, tnoflecsive Germans and strangers of all climes, arebtiag hanged every day by beads of cat throas, for no the Attempt on tke Bark William—The Parties is Prison— the lookout on the Elgin was not at his post, end that pered In almost every State in thto Union, and the Tbe republican primaries will take place next Thurs- terior or bad taken to the coaat for the purpose latter reason than that some af the mob happened to ownership of the Bark—Capture of a Slaer by tke they did not see us at all; she did not alter her course in announcement of Sir. w.'s death will be received by tbem day . and the conventions will meet during the following of embarking. He remarked that he regretted vary kaow them. We are In tbe ha^ft of pitying tbe Spaniards—Wreck*, etc. tbe least before or after the collision; had I seen the ves- witb much regret.; Mr. Winebrenner was an upright week. I much that Mr Walker bad not accepted hie terms, sa catws 0' those countries ia Europe;who arcex- seltwentyminutesbefore tbe collision I would have and godlyman,and waaverymuch respectedinPitts-Hair own profit and the ooofuaion and terror of their of several. The panic has been real; but the cause was Mtgcbort, and there has never beta a bloody outbreak of merely a determination to check tbe growing anti slavery wane credulity, from the days of DomiUaa to the days of feeling in a religious body, and perhaps among the Ger-city and county Convention met at tbe Musical National Institute on the 12th inst. and electedan old scow and knocked off ber gingerbread works; I challenge any man to s y that I said so. (The; captain was very emphatic in making this statement.) Icongregation, bar g a call to another held of labor.For Justice of the Supreme Court, John M. Barbour; for Recorder, Abraham D. Russell; for City Judge, Fre- derick A. Talimadge; for Surrogate, Edward C West; for Register, Jonathan Trotter, and for Supervisor, Smith Ely,Jn Inaccordancewithtbeboguscalltbefollowing nominations forCongresshavealsobeenmade:—Fourth district. Thomas J. Barr; Fifth district. Daniel J. Wlnant,tionofTexasistotkemalacomposed—themorerestless edgetoolatapottHAeservileinsurrection. Apopularfren- upon thesubjecteftbeblameofthe!collisionIkindled a consuming fire which they cannot to easily asti* have seen our lights more than s quarter of a mile nt one of the corporal: of Yale College. The intentions of Mozart Hall still remain in partial guith, and raised hands By thousands which »;il I not wait the outside; my vessel was not unmansgeablei more than Rev. John Winebjjeaner, died in Harrtoburg, Pa , obscsrtty. The Breckinridge General Committee of thisuulawlessofSoutbetnadventarers,aadthemoreen-twprising and indefatigable of fugitives from jostiva ia•13parts of tbe Union, and tbe ferocity of manners, reck-kss disregard of bonaa life, brad by habitual drunken-•em, aad tbe ooattant wearing of concealed weapons, weany form same notion of the danger to which friendlessttrangers are there exposed at this moment. It ia only anw days since a respectable minister from the North- for arms to commence tke cruel and frightful work of a six minutes before sbe struck; it waa the duty of the the 12th mst. Mr. W. was well known throughout the re- city have, however, at length spoken respecting tbereason to fear and distrust them—each a frensy created scarcely have cleared the steamer; the light of our day, the 7t*i, agedfor selfish purposes, may be turned to torment its Inven- schooner could generally be seen in such a night from a a casemate of J. < Calhoun, and took the valedictory Cfcanlef, and Eighth district, the redoubtable J. Augustusv. He graduated at Yale in 1808, ex Mayor of Williamsburg; Sixth district, J. Winthrop tors. Tar* weald then find too late (hat Ihey have rtaUy quarter to a ba*f mile; the Lady Elgin could not, I think, away rom bim. wu a distinguished theologian, and Pace himself.asmfcKar.•lockout, if he saw a light, to report it to tho officer on ligious world as one or the most able expounders or Scrip- county elections, and it appears ihey Intend to keep tbe watch, and the tatter's duty is to keep steady on his ture. A number oryears ago he was established pastor power ol nominating tn their own body. They will pro-Mr. Allen remarked tbat he had acted aa Secretary to General Walker.whomshedependedforhersupport;toleftpenniless, in-andarelost,leavethreesmallchildrenwithoutanyrela-tban it is wide, w in thto w e notice that its widthf**- «frues, and we are wUlsag to admit that such is was, of course, very successful. Mr. and Mrs. Florence Mrs. Iayereaz, whose husband w u tost, white she was exceeds its length. is is acseunted for by the size and b u c t m1 GIf.Jky I"bablytheease:botthisveryfacttothestrongestar-areplayingattheArchstreettheatre,Phiiadelpits.Thetared,toleftwithsixsmallchildren.ShetoabK»rGer-shapeofthelot,andaecausctheark,accordingtoanan Ahighwindprevailingmay»*>>^e»fJtf^p AfterthisengagementWalkercontinuedtoretiretillatorWfl* 1or?'•••-1 m1 thacom-fljafTrjrtfT. om#aayr*ram wc know of again*: tbe further diffusion of the »n;taoB. A*longatttoeeryaafslioafwkergeeritas "w. Uer, wit! to eVstjswtoa mad todefWtaabie aDoHXnutt,Snethen(lateCooper's)EnglishOperaTroupeclosedan engagement at tbe Walnut on Saturday. TheKichmondman woman in Sixth ward. clent custom, must be placed eastward. One cannot but\ insesxLANBorsITKMB. bedeligbted,though withtheelegantdecorationsaadMr. Wy G. Stansel, the business manager of the London general grand ;i[ auce of the place. It looks gay,twsytoSthe balloon to and h ^ f * * * EffiHanhSnt pidnrtetion,buttheprincipal«*****•*T^JS*,Tvrtthe 2stb, wben be arrived at a place called Limas—aban- donedmahoganyworks—wheretbeinhabitantsatfirst took to Sight in great alarm, but were induced to return• a tuificwut and eacMUe siastors, aad a akiSI oroaat (Ta.) theatre opened on Saturday. Mr. J. B. I [owe, Mr. Illustrated News, arrived In the otty last ling- He light and lively, aid nigbt, wben lit up as it to fromM by the favorable representations of one of their number, undertheadviceofWalker.*wa«*k*oas)ealyb-amadfeyJUtafamarcayaaiMsei- *<a. or.,: •**, Utm etwry /bar years, it ast warm sanvap. L *.' w * • camnmmity, theft could only be rspramsduZy »rt »n»*danddrunkenmobsto paradetbe iw !*TMyT*".•»» hangMybcrfythsychosetolay •atrband tipon,wa should rote uahe ttotiugly for hand H^Sachattan ktoad over to the Iadtosa aaa the dear as Ml-asjbto. No property to worth having which baa>PmerveibysacbsMsaa,beoauasfffltowarvadat •J"set t>«preserved by tbe sacrifice of all the etherray"**• of crvlHmaton, of order, of morality, of •f boaciay aad of justice.TSXAS IN .~ tromtheNew VorkTnh• :a_:E. Lamb, and Mtoa (da Vernon, from the Yew v oak thea- tres, are ia the company. Mrs. John Wood sails 1 or Liver- pool to the Africa next Wednesday. Mrs. Wo d goes to playaaengagementattheHaymarkettheatre,London, and pmpuses to return to a tow months to tl 0 United States, where aha achieved bar earliest dramatic sac-leftToronto,wherebewasvisiting,immedia uponre- tbedome,reallypre nts a beautiful scene. Withits r.ii*rf^ismeee^^At last accounts Walker was still at I mas, with seventy- six men in good fighting order. Thto was Sunday, the 26th, the very latest news received at Ruatan before tha Kateleft. IttobelievedtbattheOsceola,at~ bringsnolaternews,buttbatherreportoftomany1 beinglosttoonlya1•artisanreport,andnotreliable.ceivisg intelligence of the death of Mr. u p - , had came on to take charge of bis body, which wil ultimately removed to England for interment. Mr. Stani I requests uatoMatethatthedeathofMr.Ingramwillhotaffect thefuturepublicationofthepaperofwhichhewu the proprietor.white walla, its stai list meets, it contras sombre looking sy eelsanythingon floorarearranged|'ooccupy a galleryalglass windows, and rich embel strangely with the dark, heavy, es of Iondou, and certainly ex- utiaent. Theseatsonthemain££?Stow ajtostoa*renaatpresent,statedthesetocto m heSewers,elmInforming them thattheirtickets TMidh?refunded at the gate, and the crowd, symra- ta^m^heartlly in ths misfortunes of the adventurer,Thhl company, af.er passtogtwo days in thtoj city, andenjoying the hospitalities of the State Guard, Qft, John- and a moat enterpraing and reliable business man. He bells. A brief but a•xaming the thin and apparently unsafe structure, comrtote discourse waa delivered posed saltto of a few thousand sheets or Manila paper tbe Hondorans. The wound proved mortal, and It wasson, took then* departure tor Near Haven at the m o'clock r . M.. in t h a steamer B a a City. Prior t o their depar ture they were reviewed to the lark by Mayor food aadby Dr. FtocheB, to ago that day the J e also remarked thatsettled.Rev. Mr. rackarf, of North Bridgewater, has acceptedtienerel Committee assembled quietly at Tammany Hall the week before last—Mr. J. Augustus Page presiding— and drew up a call for primary electiac? without consultTheThirdPresbjltarianchurch,Troy.N.Y.,haveten- dered a unan imous, call to Rev. R. G. Hinsdail, of Prince- ton,N.J.,whichifbunderstoodhewillaccept.Intelllgeiwouldbe—aninterestings a lthis morning, for the first time since his return, lathe the society for" a period of sixty years and will be re-TheProtestantEpiscopalMissionchurch,ClintonHall, Aster place, ta charge or the Ber. Bobert G. Dickson, willfrom tbe fort and town of TruxMto, Wlestbroak,SecretaryofMissions oftbeAmercan piedthem since tbesixth instant. Thto1street, Broadway aad Eighth avenue, thto afternoon, at man, and in which he worshipped. It to very much abaft tbe three o'clock, andjthe Rev. Mr. Baas at seven In tbe eve dilapidated, and we purpose making an appealforbelpinfor the men to pack with tbem on the uncertain march tbat was before 1hem. Ia the ordnance department war* sixty six of Walker'a Minie muskets which meat remain behind; a a d a s these must ami nasi 111 fall into the hands of t..e enemy, the stocks ware broken and the barrels brat in such a manner"Absalom,the Progressive Young Man." Tbe three wrytM/bMMMcmmmtftMemrtrnfCermniy,thatttmythatuptothe10thofAugust,thepatrolofthattownhadbecleared;Ithentoldhimtoclearaway]thesmalllecturesdeliveredsemetwoyearssincebytheRev.S CityPolitics. theevacuationofthefortwasconductedssorderlyaad<hityai a/atriotTBBOSlSlf IK TKaS. rrram the Xew York flmee, Sept 7 }Among the recent aawa from Texas ia the corioae an- »ov;nc<»eet that name United Statea soldiere, aoeaaed of banging a man who bad stabbed oae of their comrades in a barroom, bad bean liberated from custody b y tbe civil inthontiee fbr want of sufficient evidence. We most naythat we are greatly surprwed at the action of tbe rallitiry anttor ilea in erer allowing them to be subjected to tbe hMB;i'*.ticnandincoaTeaieooeofanexamination. Aman does Lot, we bel.eve, forfeit hia rights ana citiaan on be- esmmg a soldier of the republic, aad the right to. hang anybody wbone personal appearance is disagreeable, or whoseprevKwsnmtoryis notwell known,seems tobo wtnowtherightofallotherswhichthecitizensofTexas cberisb most fondly. Toarrest half a dozen persons far putting a man to death becmoae h a conduct diapJeasedfound in the hands of the negroes four guns, one pistol anchor, and then sent the steward down to the forecastlesad n dirk knife. Excepting this formidable report, and to see if she made water; tbe mate said the anchor was A. Corey, on tl one ether incidental statement, founded like everything ready; I told him to hold on, and the steward reporting Hill Baptist 1 else upon rumor, we have looked in vain tofindany ac-count of other arms ia tbe bands of the supposedin-surgents. Another statement we may except, whichwas, that at Athens, Henderson county, the alarm werefound to nave one hundred bottles of strychnine, with1: .•silently that no one knew of it in town or on board of any iject, will be repeated to the Murray THB B4TTLB FOB THB SPOILS AMONG THE rOLITI- of the several vessels in the harbor. Itseemed as if evenshe did not leak, I did not order the anchor let go; I then ordered the fore staysail up to get her before tbe wind; I put the helm hard down to get ber bead to the wind; she rolled In tbe sea, aad would not pay off at tit; I looked over the bow, and saw tbe wreck dragging in the water—Thirty fifth streft, between Fifth and it lecture this evening at half past also at half-past ten o'clock A.M. Eighteenth street, near Fifth avenue, let rector. Services as usual, to- , at 10,'i A. M. and 7,,' P. M ,andCISH—FLOWING FOB THB POSSESSION OF THE the dogs of the place, usually so notoy, iefased to barkSixth avenues, seven o'clock.COUNTY OFFICES—THE BOGUS TAMMANY CALL— THB TAMMANY, MOZABT, BRBCKINHIDGB AND KB- Fl JH.1CAN FBIMABIES, ETC., ETC.As the Novembers election epproeshce the excitement among the politicians Increases, and plotting, scheming, swindling and cheating are the order ot the day. The variot|partyleadersaredrillingtheirforceswithaper- severance and indefatigable energy that would do honor to the;;tamed Zouave Cadets of Chicago. Tbe politicalon an occasion of such interest to the parties aaacmaeeBThe whole number of man under Walker, aad leaving the fort with him, was about eighty, Including officers. The names of some of tbemfollow:—General William Walker, General-in Gbie/; Col. A . F . Rudler, Col»el Commanding; Major John V. Hoof, Actiag CaptainofCompanyA;MajorThnmaaDoton,ActingCap- tain of Company B. Oept. J. 8. West, Chief of Commto- sary Department; Capt. Small, Chief of Ordnance Departmett; Lieut. John Ryan, Chief of Qaartaiamstarto Depart-preseti.(.uieat8XP.M. tog and evening.Rev.FC.Ewerwill *ORDINATION?.practical purposes the future Subrogate, City Judge, Re sionhoisted a'ter I raw the lights; I thought the steamer <>n tbe 11th inpt», Rev. H.,0 Hinsdale was ordained will vote nest November, have been nominated and pital This is composed of eight persona, as follows, viz.—elected|:skcu-i..gnestocuttingoffheads.NoTurkishPachainreportedsolelyuponrumor.Tbestoryofthewastogettbeschooneronhercourse;withthemainsailsoncounty,Tenn^,thePresbyteryofNorthAlabamaor corder,Register,Supervisors,&C,forwhomtbepeople <<-nWalkerleftbehindhimintheforttheentirehos-would go across our bows clear till a half minute beforewe struck; I did not think anything but the. guards andej>per works of the steamer were injured; If,feared thatsense in the cabins were killed; some pieces of tbe steamer's crockery fell on our deck; all of our befd gear and iiivned to supply t«e pulpit of the Fifth Avenue Presby the proper call will be duty advertised, accord-the cutwater were carried away, we could Wive cometo terirn church (the late D.\ Alexander's), lor a season, ing to the time honored usages or the Sachems. A These persons felt rather queer when they foond them-INVITATIONS.Hev. Dr. Knkpatrrlt, of Charleston, >\ ('., has been ncminsJHtsg convections, but in a few weeksR e v . C . D . C r a i i e ^ e f R o c h e s t e r , N Y . , h a s a c c e p t e d t h eRESIGNATION.Rev. OttoH. Till y, i*stor of the Associate Reformed the folfoaing ticket:—DBA1 IN THE MDOSTBT.Rev. Jno Hay'nje for fifty years a minister or the gos-course; If a lookout should tee tbe light of the steamerand not report it, to my opinion, tbe vessel ta responsiblefor any accident occurring. Soon af.er the collision Itaw a vessel, during a flash of lightning, heading for the more familiarly throughout the country as Winebrenna- should the interests or their party require it. shore; the impression on my mind at the time was that rian. His followers have built up churches, and prosol the German Reformed church In Harrtoburg, and after bis connection was dissolved with them he established a church of his own, known as the Church of God, butCommanders, called the Secretary aside and ques- tioned him closely as to Walker's plans and the direc- tion of his n arch, but tbe Secretary could give noratto- factory replica. Tbe Commander seemed particularly anxious to kuow whether Walker had gone into tbe in-Untitled Documentlentlemenonly,whilethefairsax Theceremony opened with the while making the circuits aroundAt that time, also each man had about 100 rounds ofminster singing(Ky.) Flag for the following Information respecting the the reader's stand lowed by twelve of the members, then dispersed lhroogboutjthe grounds to enjoy the other is believed that tbey made their way down the coastWe are indebted to a slip from the office or the Paris Garthfamily,consistingofMr.WilliamGarth,hiswife eachbearingaaad two sisters, who were lost on the steamer Lady Elgin:— <Mr. Garth was one of tha wealthiest larmers of thto (Bourbon) county, a director of the Deposit Bank of Paris,cartridges, and was every other way well provided ItTment;NoahJ.Parsons,firstLieutenantCompanyA. machinerytobeingliberallyoiled,andthedifferent Ittosupposedeachmanhad.onleavingthatort,thirty wheeia,screwsandspringsareundergoing adjustmentin roundsofcartridgesandcaps,besidestheextraallowanceposed to be supreme, has not yet been enacted. For al: Trunks were left open, andjewelry, books, private letters, daguerreotypes, Ac., lay around in profusion and confu-1 'iammany Hall has not yet issued ber edict for an elec-tion to he held to choose delegates to thehefearedItwould$roverybardwitbbimaadhan>eaif TEEBALLOONTORNANDTHEASCENSIONPREVENTED— heattemptedtomakebiswaythroughtbeenemy*scoun- "IIE I-KKFORMANCB POSTPONED UNTIL SEPT. 21. try. The Commander then remarked that these that hadbeen left need apprehend no danger, as Brittab arosectlow The contemplate! exploit of Mons. F . Coppto, at Jones' should be extended to ua. We ware to eejpermmed toi Aerostatics a t Jottee' Wood.flames toid directing the movements orhis essistants out-a rent *hich completely spoiled the *******& . ant was, however, shot down on the spot.ofthescrollsofthelaw. These iTdmoreattractivescenes. Thedamagetotheballoon withoutfurtherhas. The Bar. J. J.Thomas M. TryniskiouNthew4tYhoSrtkreet 