 Wjsome slight power in dispersing clouds.further, and say the moon eats up the clouds. At the last meeting of the British Association, it was shown that the weather through a long series of years depend- ed a little—a very little—upon the phases of the moon, and now Quetelet, the Director of. the Brussels Ob- servatory, has shown that between the first and last quarters of the moon more and not less rain falls than••• •*.VhWiyOIof Mthree-is© tmywa,lopofia, inthcw- sircua>>-„ 'anua- rou a»r* »rnoon. ~,nt.part- Jh.,0Nh aloneiationof LondonHoeS*-, ie-jes eat • ate, ani .auoibee^ volume^priaer«finstatedon, cp«-i inisx, >?-u-aia*. ' >nai ha* •eeeatinjitu some jrd wito. < uch a*voto baex- i h .• v a l u e expectingizniiatioaIng of hw ;be p.ubli- sophy ofbrk bsingNovum.with bisItUM Of fty of Dis-eases of.pters on&c,. andite, with swell hai & Co. bn totheirpabed by- Vheliiem- trai>* of "Warbur-[ience and -aa emi- tntige of d io in ike is moatra as the hi. whoa© livelyceapaare. i>f Jaaiua, |f the Lite- connexiwi,ve been so confined to JerroldV to sportingannounce are prob- ihy of an Italian b y >TJ of thete Samuel ; 10 Eomur o'nta in ite e:^r iathe .•<„, on Gre- m olicitioa e iilustra-- r the most ahelleniaB, iaase, near io volume,work -was en awaited r thoroughan .classical it explorers over&d the i'i temples.of the Ea- kvaria, and jek at Ma- ire gallery•telop, who entares in r , through (they) W e tecsed Fe- dLieioiures is " sowed »congenialnee among tO Of Voir i ''the firs* re personal ch Prelate, one of the ie GaUicaa 'eat writer i it," is the•als. Con-e even the m Auto da .more than >power ofhe Diction- ttcompara- p g edition • which Dav ethnologist, esra. Long- ras the ed>*•omthe un- reased. i t looked for,ible forth* tuiJation of issertationa* * ttiotts of it» ,analysis of •m* aredie- the highestgomewbate historicaloQena, ind£->who bee*- itbeetrnekparches-— as tbey3*v»Iope4,.to'ju»tlfythepresentimentoftheiroreating todoallotheruceessar.*andlawfulwork"embracedJa mtfrsandruled,"shouldholoutin.two-wordv shedeemedanexcessivedutyonforeigngoods;Penn-* ence,notassailedftyyonithat,jtoeardfctfjtoScripture, appointment$echfanoiplayeria^thirty-firstrear; ll^hc«>raMeaiaBC-rthe«^G.Ci^ Wm^mm M *<,Drot*aert-^siBterB.*^'";.l'y:-'•'"•• -;:-8**?<>*?<*? :sylvsniawasgoingbutbeoanspwetaxedherwhisky* divorcelawnmayproperlyvaryindifferentstagesof anS,althoo**everykeyinbk app*r«tos wWfft*i \them—for he was a praying man, as all "enthusiasts roots; as tbe branches began to spread, and the growth don, gives it as his opinion, that what were at first ai'e; and it was beoause he thought this enterprise, the" " Sometime*, a droppiuc from the sky, I heard tho skylark aing;Sometimes, all little bircU that are. How- tbey seerrect to fill the tea and airWith their srreet jaxgouiag I" And now 't w u like all initruruentfl—Now like a lonely Hate; And now it in an angel's song,That makes the heavens be mate."enable Genu Marin to recover his liberty, and neglect to return the captured vessels, with all their cargoes, and indemnity for damage saflered, the undersigned has the right, from this time, in the name of the Gov- ernment of Mexico and of the nation, to protest againstthe scandalous outrages committed by Capt. Jarvis, on the 6th inst.. in Mexican waters, in the Road* of Anton Lizardo, and to denounce them in the presence of all Governments, as -a flagrant violation of international rights, aa acta of downright and flagrant piracy, and ae a declaration of war against the Mexican people, thee new epoeh in tee science of Bibaoal xsriticism. «' Southern geryilcmen w h t evidences of social posi- -Very few new publieatioma of importance «re an- j ^ - t h a t ie, -wrtlx pktborio porees-"nowaeedinthiscountry,andforthenextsixmonth*, are respect- " Campaign Livee" and " Documcnta** wfll probably « foJry inviRed to partake in every part of the labors of' ^ I V L in 1794; Oijia Mns6tt*lttisett«mmg^m^ Union w«e ec4 civilization. force equal to a. frwo-pound weight, y « t h « ^ 7 * J J ? f My eoUeagae (Mr. Cox) spoke of a meeting, upon , dangered whenLouuuaDa was purchased. E^ohaudall 3. I havS stated, whet the best legal, authority io« "hellswith the facility ofa performer on the m^uoo-forte.theWesternjReservojinOhio. 'Hedsayouriggentle- oftheeSpatesyeiremain^andaroyTthut,lpyaltothe dorses{"Bishop onMarriage and Divorced;$277,); 'Barney,heardhimperformaomefugueein1772.—> man, arising man, and, jf he does not get bad habrts Uhibn; 1 haveJived throBgh "three dipsoIutibDH of the tbat, of the various kinds of divorce, nono has been In addition to the pleasant welcome from the beiw upon the Democratic side of the House, m^ycoine to Union myself, [great laugntet],$aads the Umon •ia found; in practice, so immoral as that partial variety, on Easter morning, the good people, on entering Curat sorhethin/) ^ome day benee. [Laughter ] tie arhaeed stronger to-day^ than when-its;dissolution was-firsfc unknown to our Indiana law, but known in New- Church 'found a beautiful painted window over tne himself Whh' the comic power he possesses in ini'tar'- threatened—etronger than it was in the beginning. The York as u Separation from bed and board." You chancel. It ie the gift of Mr. Freeman, and waa ing tbe nasal twang of the Yankees of that Beserye. State of Mieaiaerppi is a glorious little State, covered all think it "just right." Let. the public judge be- erected ae a memorial to his mother. The cost was: "the Convention, except what jwrtaine to the mere; PnoliBhen have tbe good sense to avoid prentog th«r "ceremonial of the order;" this will not preclude;constitute the ebSeffctndyof the great American peopk.mxUmd to the Independence of tie Sooth American JRepublic* in 1825. The history of the Congress of lieppau, Laybach, and Verona, is for tbe first time de- scribed m fl)is work, after official documents takenfcom tin* archives of the respective countries.The end of the second volume of the great German lexicon, bj Jakob and Wilhelm Grimm, is announced ter publication, with preface by Jakob Grimm, in which he refers with much feeling to the recent death of }js brother Wilhelm, and to his superior skill in promoting philological, subjects with grace and suc- etnettees before the reader. " My brother Wilhelm," saye Jakob, "wrote qoietly and slowly, but thor- oughly and carefully." The bulk of the new volumewas written by Whhelm Grimm.—Mr, Millais is engaged in a series of designs for anffiustrated edition of " The Parables."- They will be engraved and published by Mr. DZIZIQI, and are said to be of larger dimensions than is usual with book illus- tration?, though probably not equal in that respect to the gigantic wood-cut blocks of Gostave Dora's illoa-anyway. For two years part heavy, bodies of-men, have been meeting and drilling in all Soatiwn States. In Washington city, within huaring of the President's htraee, tbe troops of Ibis order have been constantly, and openly drilled; the same is true of Baltimore, Nor-:thing worthy to/be noted, and not forgottOn. S<out Cromwell and hie uncooquerable Ironsides, when the day was wel. n"g*i lost, charged with resistlees fory upon the proud columns of that Nbet of gentlemen, as they were boastfully denominated, andlo! Prince Ru-ter man than I am changed his m'nd: David, Kin r of mere operation of the instinct that peoples tho earth; the building; but when the wall was opened for its Israel, repented of what he Baid, when he remarked, titat marriage W8a designed to be, and should be, the admission, a frame, almoat identical in size and shape, " I have payl. m my ha*te„thafc all men are liars." . I means of calling out all that ia best and purest in'the was found covered up in the wood-work, showing that concede that fact, when fetate now, that I am willing inner nature of man; and tbat, when it becomes tho the original design had embraced a window, which for to vote for any man almost who can be elected. If daily source of anger, strifes, cruelty^ brutality, it de- aome reaeon was never constructed.this protractedconteet.meana anj thing, we cannot elect feats God's purpose, violates tbe Divine economy, be- The old. church, after being once elongated in ac- a "Republican; we cannot elect a Lecompfcon Demo- comes itself immoral, and ought to cease. You dis- eordance with the plan of the first builders, and having crat; we cannot elect ah anti-Lecompton Democrat; sent. Again be the public the judge in the premises. now a chime and a stained window, may be cotvridered and though there may be as many Blades of party aspretenses. This he absolutely denies, and has now come out with a circular letter, and a " general order " Ho 546*—two documents that shed some light upon the' organization, said from, which we make up the follow- ing sketch of the Order, its histery, and, as zar as these axe made public, its aims.K. G. C. are letters supposed to stand for " Knights af the Golden Circle." The full title does not appear en the record. The aims of the organization are clearly enough stated in the following extract from the cir- nlar letter of Georgce Bickley:**If we organize a powerlal army, eqTtip and pro-vide it with arms and material to wage war on aneighboring peosle with whom we. are on terms ofpeace, and in defiance of the protests of such people,then our Government has and will exercise the ri^ht toarrest and bring to trial every leader of such Govern-ment. The K. G. C. proposes no snch work as this,and the investigation of its aims and treaties will provemy potiiioos. It is genera'ly claimed and admittedthat oar field of operations is Mexico, or some portionthereof; and certainly if President Jaarez ehooses toinvite us to his country, or any Consti'.ational Gov-ernor ef any Mexican •£&ate (for under the recogmzadConstitation of Mexico snch power is conferred on theGovernor) as emigrants, it is our privilege to acceptrace inviration, and then if we are incorporated in theCcBstitutional army of Mexico with the distinct under-standing that we shall put. the Government in posses-sion of the Capitol, then it is cor right to make thebest terms we can for this service. It is not the prov-mee of rhe law to inquire into the probable position during the remainder of the time. However, fine we may occupy one year hence; it is enongh for the" necessary to regulate, by statute; howlargea propor-" tion a married man may give of bis property to nia con-" cubine." (" Marriage and Divorce'' $285.) You willadmit that your system of indissoluble marriage is between Mexico and tbe United States. The events dearly paid tor, under such a state of things; nor haveGovernment to know thit we do not violate the laws ef the land."This George Bickley seems to have been employed ior two years in organizing his army, and we will alio n him to state in language somewhat loaded with meta- phor, the progress of the enterprise. He says:Now, do they suppose that John Brown had not readJefferson's notes on virgi&ia and all other things whichJefferson had written about Slavery ? Do they sup-pose he bad not seen the declaration of Washington,thutif tteie were any way by which Slavery couldbe abolished, ho would render to it his coraial co-operation ? Do you suppose he had not seen that ? Doyou suppose ho bad not seen the debates in the Con-vention, in which Slavery is denounced as an enormousevil, leading step by step, as certainly and as steadily" The American Government will also, with that promptness, that justice and good faith demand, issue the moet peremptory orders th*t Geo. Marvin shall be at once placed at liberty, and that tho ships, with their cargoee/t shall be |iehverei up £to the functionaries of that Government^ who shall be directed to make a complete and immediate restoration of them, in the same state that they were when captured by the saidBe says that a studied attempt has been madeitotirely unknown. Their leiigth varies from three tothirty-five miles, and their greatest breadth ia aboutfive thousand feet; moat of them are considerably nar-rower. Their sides are parallel and smooth; some rungeneral public, Commander Bickley says:." The K. in strait lines, and Bome^are gently curved. Ordinarily roee. They were the great men of the United States, "G. C. is a mutual benefit association, having no they are separate, but sometimes they cross each other; and tbe great men of the world; and, notwithstanding often they cross craters, but occasionally they seem to you have changed your opinion on the subject ofI lay in a sort of half dream, delightful but incredu-lous, that the quiet air of our ola University town,never stirred by anything more exciting than th»"hurrahf"oftheBtudenteon"CommencementDay," fatalconsequencesofwhichmustbeborneexclusively was really to be made vocal whenever we pleased by by those who have initiated them.sosoe " who would madly throw themselves into Mex- "ico entirely unprepared;" ethers will only consent to go if they can have lacrative places with no duties at- tached. For the information of such persons and theout of hit» own solitary meditations, whatever others might have stated of their opinions, whether it is not more rational to trace tbe germ of that conduct to those writings, speeches, and letters of your own great mea of the South? They were great meu; they were hethose charming little upper notes, and the soft, deep " His Excellency, Mr. Ca»-s, tho Secretary of Statemiddle and lower ones. The sounds ceased till afeain for tbe United States, to whom the undersigned hasat tbe time of the ringing of the "first bell" for Sun- the honor to direct this note, will experience the sameday-School, the pleasant music again floated on the sentiment for this deplorable and unexpected event,still morning air, and tbey continued to play at inter- and will participate in the sincere desire that animates"guarantees of benefit save in ite success, and no**ga*ra«tee of surjcess save in the harmonious action be cut off by them. They are found all over the sur namee, and their fame, and their opinions, will be en-the undersigned, that the offense may be speedily atoned for in a manner that will be satisfactory and honorable to the two countries. Consequently, toe un-if the meaning be, that the unhappily married should M- Parker, esqrs. A circular was at that time sent to consideration." i**and good faith of ite members;" after which slightly oracular exposition, he gives some details of its ma- chrnery.face of the moon, except on the :highest mountain- graved upon the pages of history when those of us of chains. this date shall be baried in profound oblivion. [Ap- plaufe upon the floor and in the galleries.] It is won- Of these furrows Schwabe has made careful study at derful tbat tfco talent, ingenuity, and eloquence of thisThe idea of a " chime" was started five years ago by ing in your integrity and rectitude, he has the honor to assume the wh-jle question under discussion. Again, Richard H.Dana, jr.. Francis M. Bachelder and Henry to renew to you the assurances of his distinguishedTbe organization has three grand divisions: a mili- various times. He found them to conaist of very fiue diBcufision should have come to such conclusions. Shalltary, a financial, an executive. There are 3,i>00 men parallel dark lines, separated by clear spaces. A few our minds be fastened upon these flimsy pretenses, when we know there was matter enough in the writ-ia Texas aad Arkansas, under the command of Gen. months later, the lines or streaks had disappeared, but ings and speeches of the foremost men oi the world to 6w«r; 1,200 in Maryland, under Col. E. C. Tyler; after a whi'e they returned, again to disappear. In stimulate a mind like John Brown's into frantic fanati- l,0CO in charge of Col. V . D . Groner; a regiment in this periodic change he thinks that he finds proof that cism?Sooth Carolina, two forming in Georgia, two in Ten- these lines are rows of trees, and the clear streaks be- I want all men to be happy, all people to be happy— nessee, one in Mississippi, two in^ilabama, one in tween them are the bare ground seen when the trees men, women, and children/ t see that they are happy.Keatecky, two in Louisiana, all numbering 16,000 are leaflees. When the trees are in full leaf, the ground For instance, if the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.Crawford) were to<get into a loving mood with the men. Of these Mr. Bickley says: "They have been is so covered as to produce a uniform shade, and the Democracy of the Norfh, he might murmur in the ear" pkked with care, and constitute a body of men of lines disappear. of my colleague (Mr. Vallandigham) a verae from the " whom any nation might be proud." It will be borne Nothing is more natural than to suppose that the dark eiegies of Shenstone:suffer, net merely for their mistake, bat that divorces graduates of Harvard College in all parts of the Union,spots on the moon are forests; but how shall we ac- The second department of the organization is purely count for the gTOwth of these trees in right lines ? This" Dear region of silence and shade."FitOM THE Rro GRANDX.— The Brownsville Flag of the 7th inst. says:"On Sunday last the United States and Texas cav- alry, in pursuance of orders from Col. Lee, moved from their camps, from twenty-five to thirty miles above this city, up tho river. Information received from above to-day (5tb) stateB that on the 4di seventy of the Texas Rangers entered Reynosa, and made a de- mand of the Alcalde for some of Oortina's bandits, who were known to be in that town." The Alcalde refused to deliver them, alleging as a reaion that they were his countrymen, and that he did not know whether they were guilty or not." The Rangers having intimated their intention to tako those bandits, unle<;s thev were peaceably deliv- ered to them, were assured by the armed multitude tbat the citizens were ready to repel with arms, even to the death, any attempt that might be made to mo- lest those persons. The Ringers therefore retired to this side. Tbe next day, our forces having been con- siderably augmented, the commanding officer informed the Mexican authorities that th ay should have till 6 o'clock of tho 6th to deliver the felons at tbe river, and . that if it waB not done, or any of them were allowed i© escape from the town, they would be hsld responsible." We learn tbat there are about four hundred Texas- and United States Cavalry at Edinburgh, opposite Rey- nosa. '" The citizens of Reynosa have sent to Matamorosfor help. .••', '.. ,Seiior Garcia, a large property holder there, and brother of Gen. Guadalupe Garcia, Commaadaute^at Matamoros, has written a letter expressing a desire to have tbe affair so arranged that his property in Rey- nosa will not be endangered."Reynosa ie a strong point, situated on a consider- given by Thomas Dowse, tbe famous leather dresser, able elevation, and built mostly of stone; it containsin mind that'this remark is addressed to themselves.financial, and embraces " such a class of citizens as can hypothesis we must for the present con&ider to be only {ban Mr. Vallandigham, in his softest notes of affection, fian, the desecrator of. the domestic eanctuary: farin reference to the Democratic party.[laughter]: and M assist in raising means for the K. G. C , " the raising a hypothesis. With the aid of photography, which would take up the strain:greater is the anguish tp feel, that that father never teaches them one lesson of virtue, never gives them one useful examj le, except it be such as the Helots furnished to the Spartan youth; aterrible Deacon warn-process being probably accomplished by each man out will secure for us accurate pictures of the moon from of his own pocket. This Bureau of Finance is thus time to time, we may hope that the question will be" Soft scenes of contentment and ease, Where I h*ve so happily strayed,Since naught in thy absence could please.'\organized: A Central Committee at New-Orleana; solved, and that we may really find out what is going Now, it is pleasant to see tbeni thus dwelling to- ing from the: shame and the folly of intemperance.State Central Committees in each Southern State; Sab-Committees in every important place. M No K. G. C.on upon the surface of our satellite.GEMS OF WIT ANDgether; for it is impossible lor such a man aa l a m , If you conclude that divorce. laws necessarily causemuch as I am opposed to their doctrines, to fail to sym- young people to marry as readily and heartlessly as theypathize with men, when I see they are perfectly happy. di>n-a fresh hat or sport a new bonnet, you do your fel 300, i»nd the aggregate of the whole is neven tuns. The Long may tbey live; long may they hve; for if they low-crear.ures great injustice; and a le w years' residence cost of them all was about $5,100^ The eight largest were to die suddenly\, they might die ia their sins. in Indiana would convince you of your mistake. You sound by tongues suspended m the inside of each, and1*p«ded in 'die purchase of arms, ammunition, clothing, an other lecessaries.conduct of family affairs, [laughter], was sent off with his mother into the wilderoees, with a loaf of bread and a bottle of water. We are told that Hagar, beinglition philosophy in the other, marched through the country, proclaiming universal liberty and the final ad- vent qf that day when Slavery should be ne longer rec-restraining influence of faulty laws that which ie due to the faithful impulses of our better nature.* has the right, or is> authorized to accept moneys that1may be tendered as a loan, or a donation, except he ' is one of the Committee, or is authorized by them to do so." A good rule, and one easily obeyed, uulesa"oneyed men at the South are more forward in ofler-ig loans to very shaky concerns than similar men atELOQUENCE.he bus not a turpi as, and that the organization is open to gib), or oane in the nature of gifts.up the boy and hold him in her hands, for he would be- come a great filibuster. [Boars of laoghter.]this doctrine in the beginning, and had changed every eight years, how many times would ho have changed ? [Laughter.] Threescore and ten jears seem to be thewords on them from the " Gloria in Excelsis"—the The moral and intellectual supremacy of Europe smallest only "Amen."From Mr. Cortoin'* Speech in the House of Representatives &h Jan. 23 and 24.I think that when the bondwoman Hagar lef"j Abra- ham, with her master's consent, there- being some dis- turbance in his domestic relations, [much laughter], thes not to have forgotten—what manner of thing, namely, A very curious question is this thing of life, and what youthful itffection is; how undoubtingly it believes,t£ North. Funds having been rai«ed and for- boy Ifhmael, not being the child of promise, and oeing in February on the south side of a hill [loud laughter], stancy a pleasure even more than a duty, and change Mxded to the Grand Central Bureau, they are ex- in the habit of making impfertinent remarks about the with their resolution in one hand and the torch of abo- an impossible desire. We otten err in ascribing to theYou remind us, on Gibbbn's authority, that the lib- *he thir< department of the K. G. C. has for its miz- exlausted and famiehed by hunger, laid the hoy down ognized jn the Land. That is what they did in eight erty of divorce was grossly abused in debauchedThe second from the largest was bought with moneyThat very able man who was the father of that boy the allotted period of man, in this age of the world, and the " Comranders of Castles" have been directed to had another family; and they, in a generation or two in that time he might change seven or eight times.over Asia you ascribe mitinly to Christian marriage. I believe this chime has a larger number of bells To Christian marriage, as oppoeed to polygamy, it may than any other in the United States. There is one inA «ail fori grand Convention has been issued, andjustly be thus .ascribed. This opinion I myself, in a Breton on Christ Church, one in Portland, one iu ington correspondent of Tlie Philadelphia Press givesafter this, were sold into Slavery, and so they re- Now, my Republican friends, do not be discouraged. recent work, expressed: " Under the system of mo- Lowell at St. Ann's Church, and one at Holmes's the following as the subetance of a manly letter of Mr., ! I. "I..1"iB|^y<pK|j^ua^i a&B&iM^^them from paying the bills.According to Mr' Bickley, the Government looks /It sounded strange to you, as is did to him,f and so it over with cotton; and, in my judgement, *be will be tween us. ' $1,000. It is divided into three compartmonte, withirftret on an wnappredalive maiket, so that few large Iserary nndertakbogs can be leoked for tUI after the Presidential election. —^ T h e fourth volnm* oftcThe History of the Nine-teentn Centnry," by Gervmnl, is about to appear, and fere with the organization, or to thwart its action ia Court of ChaTles I. What happened thea? Some- Mr. Sherman till the last trump should sound. A bet- infinitely more worthy the epithet divine, than the It was feared that it might dirturb the harmony ofOB the organization almost with a paternal eye: 'did to the army of Prince Rup<»rt at Mars on Moor, " coft.on.to " the Union to the last. [Laughter.] 4. Referring'fo our modern stage of civilization, I round tops to correspond with the architecture ofuxe " Nor has there ever been manifested by the Gov- when the{ancestors of these men rushed katb battle have argued, that the present age ia prepared to see, church; with a figure of Chriet in the middle, and withernment of the United States any disposition to inter- againatthe mailed chivalry and cu.-led durliiijjH of tho It has been stated that I paid that I would vote for in the holiest of human relations, purposes far higher, emblems around him.folk, Petersburg, Biebmopd, Lynchburg, Wilming- pert and his host wete no longerthere. They wereton, Chsrleuton, New-Orleans, Memphis, St. Louis, Louisville, Atlanta, Vicksburg, and other plaoes—-, facts patent to citizens of those cities, and not unknown to the authorities of the United States Government, forthe existeuce and work of the K. G. C. has not been ous, thriving, pains-taking race of meni Tbe frailties 7th of May, and till then we wait.Jacob had stripes in his cattle—I do not know howfinished at last. It is nearly a hundred years old, hav- But if in these I distent, there are other points as to ing been built in 176!. , . , S-LIFE ON THE MOON.Until quite recently, the surface of the moon has beenwho do verily believe that God Almighty and his i An- [Great laughter.] Why not elect him 7 gels encamp round about them. What do they careGXN. MIKAMOK'S PROTEST.—-Tho protest of General Miramon, against the capture of Marin, appears in the 'HavanaDiario. After recapitulating the circum- stances under which the vessels were taken, he says:. agree that no light or transient cause should dissolve " The undersigned has since rec«ived impartial aadtrue accounts of the occurrences that have taken place in Mexican waters, from which be deduces without any manner of doubt, thart the plea of aecertainiog the nationality of the yeeMla was only an excuse whichcombat between the American naval forces and thoee of the steamers under command of Gen. Marinl Thie is proved by the tact that Capt. Jarvis surprised Marin at midnight, at which hour neither was it impoeti!>le to make any legal invest'gation of the color of a flag, nor had he any right to make any such investigation m re- gard to vessels in Mexican waten»,and la the territoria1gard daty as everything, life as nothing.Mr. Clerk, I wish to look for one moment at some other facts found in the historical portion of tbe Bible, But this ie all changed. Knox and M«lloni have haviDg a curious bearing, at least, on this question of negro Slavery. We are told in that same Book that shown, by very exact observations, that there is heat the people of the globe, except eight, were destroyed xeedeis daring the past few weeks. Not long ago, a in the moon's rays. Zantodeschi has discovered that in a deluge. Noah and hie family only were preserved.telegraphic dispatch informed the world that George this heat produces a sensible effect upon the mimosa. Tbat old patriarch seems to have been remarkable for An English philosopher has found that the earth is nothing, BOfar as I can find out, except for his strongBiekley, the Commander-in-Chief of the American faith in the word of God, and his remarkable nautical Legion, had been expelled from the Order because he colder during the first quarter of the moon than it is in adventure. Noah had ,three sons, from whom have had dehaded the unwary into joining ite ranks by false the second. sprung all the people now upon the face of this globe.then it oughtlp be a right, and may become a duty, to select of twospvils the lesser; to acquiesce in the ne ceeeity which clearly indicates a separation, and legallyteationsto" The Wandering Jew."residence in the moon would be exceedingly undesira- ble. The old faith in the Goddess of the Night was quite overiurned in scientific circ-ee, and the fascina tions of moonlight were departing day by day.ming up justly presented the question at issue, the pub- licneed not have been troubled with mine.•K* G. C.It is a besetting weakness of our nature to imagine to dissolve tbe bands Which connect the ilbniatcd mem- sea of the Republic. The means that were employed bers together.. ... / undoubtedly produced tee combat which was inten- itself unfailingly right, its opinions infallibly, true, its In taking leave of you, suffer me to correct an error tionally sought. A conflict took place between the rules of action the only morality. If, in a discussion which crept into my second letter. I there said tbat Saratoga ana tbe sb$p«j of Gen. Marin, and laetet until of principles, we yield to this, the beat thing is to close there was not a State in the Union without a divorce the latter found himself obliged to submit to the supe- it; because, conducted in suoh a spirit, it becomes use- law. I ought to have added, " except the State of riority of the aj'ssaiiing vessels, after having honorably"South Carolina." She boasts, that " within her defended the Mexican flag, and sustained it with cour- less, or worse. " limits a divorce has not been granted since the Revo- age until tho latest moment. Capt. Jarvis took arbi- The sole point in our discussion, and that which might l u t i o n . " But suspend your approbation till you trary possefsionof tbe sbips, made a prisoner of Gen. be usefully, if dispassionately, debated, haa been this. learn, as Mr'. Bishop will inform you, what is the con- Mann, and has taken him, with his prizes, to New-Or-You advocate a divorce law with one only cause of comitant. " Not only is adultery not indictable there leans.The mystic initials above printed have undoubtedly feequentiy met the eyes and pnzzled the brains of oarscattered as tbe dried 'leaves of Autumn are be'ore the storm, blast of tbe coming Winter. That same nasal twang jrang out, on that, day, their well-known war cry, "the sword of the Lord and Gideo.a." These Yankees are a peculiar- people; they are an industri-which, in concluding this controversy, I am glad to I know of bnt one man in this house who does not be- agree with you. I agree that every State has a direct concealed." Of theie men grow out of their yervr virtues, those, long to any party, and I have thought that perhaps we interest in the, morals of its members. I agree that The Convention ie to meet at Balcigh, N. C , on the stern virtues which founded liberty in Eogiand, and might unite upon bim. The gentleman from New- whatever .policy is found, in the end, best calculated to bapt'fed it in their own blood upon Banker Hill, Yojk (Mr. Horace F. Clark) belongs to no party; he promote these morals, ought to prevail. I agree that in America. • They will de so again, if there is a will not act with any party; does not love any party; it ia one of the greateat or earthly blessings, when a r.ecepeity for it. It is a hard matter to deal with men does hot hate any party; does not care for any party. "married couple dwell together in unity tilt death. I;or earthly things or earihly power ? What do they care for Bingp, nnd Lords, and Presidents 7 TheyDIVORCE.the conjugal union* I agree that men and women ought mutually to bear and forbear, " while evils are " Buflerable," rather than to right themselves by resort to separation or divorce. I agree, for iier, that a statesuppoeed to be a vast lifeless de3ert- Astronomers • ully believe tbey are heirs of the King of Kings. Inhave abused the moon in every possible way. They the hour of battle, they 'eeem to themselves to stand.,have said there was ho heat in moonshine. They have >ike the great Bebiew Jeader, ia the cleft of the rock; To the Hen. HoiuCB GRKKIJSS:denied tbe moon an atmosphere, ax d consequently wa- tbe glory of tbe most high God passes by them, ami MY DEAR Sin: Imitating your precaution, I shall, And I but add, that when a long train of abuses and im-ihey catch a gleam of its brightness. If yoa come in in summing up, avoid the introduction of new views; moralities, pursuing invariably the eame course, shows ter and organic life. They have made usJbalieve that a •-.onflict with the pujnoses of each men, they-, will re- I Bbail also study strictest brevity. Had your sum- that a union has become destructive of its holy ends,Upon the growth of plants the moon exercises a re- We are told by sacred, and I think pretty faliy, too, divorce. I think it conducive to public morality thatmarkable influence. The chemical action of l'ght is by profane historians, that Japhet ia tho father of our such a law should admit several causes. I took that race. We, theD, are all children of that man. We" (in South Carolina), but the Legislature has found it' " These acts of scandalous violence, this unheard ofThe moon-worshipers are right, also, in regard tosuperiority; and it may be said, with equal truth, that his children are not deficient in this capital virtue, for such it is held to be in our times by us in this model Republic. They also, it is said, have quick and pow-Greeley's word marriage " aa a fig leaf for this sort of EASTEH MONDAY, April 9, 1860." tiling." They must " choose a new.term for tlieir For several days past the " chimes," jast put up in " arrangement." Horace Greeley, armed with Noah Christ Church, the oldest and architecturally beat of Webster, declares to them that " they may be ever so our churches, haa occupied the attention of the people " wisely and rationally paired, but they are not mar- of Cambridge to the neglect of near'y all other topics. "ried;" and he " protests against their using the"word."the influence" of the moon uponthe weather. Herschel, erful faculties for numerals; and regard, in theory asArago and Whewell recognized that the moon hadweather and greater rain-fall may go together.Finally, Webb, after a careful comparison of the present appearance of the moon with the very preciee maps made by Madler some twenty years ago, has shown that there have been- considerable changes. Some of the small crate/8, in particular, have a notably different form from what they had when Madler ob-well as practice, the multiplication table as the acme of human knowledge. But let us look at this family imbroglio. We are the sons of Japhet, and the negro ie the eon of Ham; we are the eons, respectively, of these two brothers; and conBequei tly we, the sons of Japhet, are cousins to Cuffee, ne being the son- of our uncle Ham. I have often thought if tho negro, as eeeme from this account of us to be probable, had really that relationship to UP, that we certainly had not treatedWhether the belia would ring iu harmony—whether,if th6y had that essential capacity, any one could befound to develop it—whether the old tower of thechurch could sustain the jar produced by such a volumeof sound within its narrow limits, and other questionsof equal importance, were answered affirmatively yes-terday morning. Unlike the " kid that began to go," the sbips of tbe Government of Mexico, abasing the*• There was a time, lellbw-soldiers, when the K. G.tained the seed of a rnagnificent structure. That idea, water and an atmosphere. Father Secchi, Director of these things in his "solitude among the mountains ofCapt. Jarvis; and it will also make the proper repara- tion from the public treasury for all the damages, ex- penses, and injuries caused by the hostility and unjust oppression committed by the said Captain.The sailors goas the step of time, to a consummation as iatal asC. was a mere idea only. It was a thoaght, bat it con- served them. These changes show the existence of death 1~£>oyou snppoee John Brown had not read all constituted legal authority in various "Catholic coun-" Moreover, if, contrary to the expectation of. the undersigned, the Government of the United States shall have authorized the conduct of that employee, or if it will not disapprove of that conduct in the termsthe Roman Observatory, after much observation, hascome to the conclusion that the peaks of the highestmountains on the moon are covered with snow. And,to make us still more at home on the moon, De la Hive, had not pondered upon theee things and prayed overtries, by PapalBull to override and annul them.. Bat in our country we consider the law snpreme; in force and to be acknowledged and respected, until it be le- gally repealed.Tnis is not all. In your summing up, motives are imputed. Those who enact or approve a divorce law which admits more causes than one, are told that "they are concerned chiefly for those who, having " married unfortunately if not viciously, seek relief;" end that this arises from a " morbid egotism, the vicethat thongbt—originated with me. I nursed it, culti-vated the soil in which the gern was jast beginxting to.ipt oat, until it burst forth, a living fact. I staked allonitsisene; I sa<5rificedfortune and time, and cast a.shadow on my own reparation, to cover up and protecttide iabric I watched it as the stem threw out ite the owner of the observatory at Crawford, near Lon- are; he was a brave man ae all stern enthusiastsaieamed colioeeal proportions, it became necessary to prone the tree of.its agly and ungainly limbs, uavil aow it ie a mammoth of strength and beauty, able to* rwiit the tornado blast of prejadice and calumny."be, the discoverer of the periodic times of the sun's Angels of the Lord.break up the organization, and tarn it into a society spots. Besides these great smooth plains, which were Is all this to be attributed to a declaration of Mr. Se-SK fillibuetering purposes, but that all sach endeavors; called aeas, there are a number of furrows or wrin- ward, in reference to a conflict between Slave and Free labor? I appeal to gentlemen, if they could tracekavebeenfrustrated. Hesavs-,•afew,thatthereare kles,nearlyahundred,thenatureofwhichwasen- backBrown'sconductatHarper'sFerrytoanysourcemarked down as seas, and afterward supposed to be offspring of his gloomy imagination, was consecratedhave, it is true, to go far back to get at it. He ia our position, and I took no other. I indorsed the divorce original proposiius. Sbam is the father of the migra- law of Indiana; nothing more. But how, in summingprovocation, whose enormity has been sealed with the innocent blood of several victime, have taken place and been perpetrated in the bosom of tbe peace that existsnecessary to their principal work, the absorption ofcarbon from the carbonic acid gas of the atmosphere.This work all planta carry on during the day, and inthe night they sleep—except when the moon shines.SLe wakes them and sets them at work. So the farm-ers who plant onlyjust before the full moon are right,and the scoffers who call them superstitious are.them be a gentleman with features and complexion like you riage, but concubinage. If those who are unitedselves the foolish ones. For, if sown before or near 'new moon, the young planta get above ground just at the full, when the tender things need sleep. But if Bown just before the full, they come up about newborn of tbe same mother, eon of the same father, should eral causes, as in Connecticut Or Indiana, is not mar- and mj self; Shem, a yello w fellow, with hi^h cheekPhiladelphia, April 9,18C0.tory, wandering Asiatic family. Ham, it is eaid, was up, do you state the case 1 In substance thus: Mar- thejatherof the negroes. This, I think it will be riage, under a single-cause divorce law, as in New-you been in the habit of asserting, that the morals of divorce-denying South Carolina are superior to those of Connecticut or Indiana.1 ana, my dear Sir,, faithfolly yonm,BOBlCEf DALE OVVJEH.that have just happened in the territorial sea of the Eepublic are a direct attack upon tbe independence of Mexico; are a violation of tbe most sacred rights of sovereignty, and an aggression so piratical that they should bring down upon the two countries the most lamentable consequences, If it were possible to prosamo that Capt. Jarvis acted under the imsti notiona of the American Government." The undersigned most deeply regrets this occur- rence, so much the more unexpected as it is contrary \tx its nature to the friendship that exists between Mexico and the United States, and to tho treaty in which reste the mutual security or the two nations. Nevertheless, tbe underigned is consoled by the nersuation that Capt. Jarvis has, on his own responsibility, overstepped the instructions of his Government, gaided only by a dar- ing zeal, and perhaps urged onwai d by the insidious instigations of tho demagogical party that has Bought foreign aid and help, even at the cost of the integrity of the country and the independence of the country." In consequence, the Government of the United States, acting in accordance with the sentiments of rectitude and national honor, will not hesitate to mani- fest tho highest indignation for the piratical acts per- petrated in tbe Mexican waters by Capt. Jarvis, againstfound, is shown by our accredited historical books. York, is marriage. Th6re is no other marriage. What Some have wondered how it happened that Japhet. goes by that name, under a divorce law admitting sev-bones; and Ham a negro, with black face and ensp, under such laws call themselves married, they " use curled bair. This difficulty is surmounted by one class '•words unjuBtifiably;" tbey "virtually confess theof ethnologists by attributing the difference to climatic "baaneesiof tbeir caut:6;" they are aa "tradesmen influences, in which I think there is great plauaibility. " who counterfeit snother's trademarks;" they areFROMCAMBRIDGE,MASSACHUSETTS.moon, pass their babyhood under the soothing influen- Be this ae it may, the relationship ia the same. Japhat, countenancing the Roman woman who " had eightCHRIST CHURCH CHIMES.ces of dark nights, and when the full moon comeB are sturdy urchin*, able to work night and day.it is agreed, had large acquisitiveness, and hence his " husbands within five years," and appropriating Mr.' Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.our cousin like a gentleman I[Renewed laughter.]The law of Connecticut, the law of Indiana, de- clares, that marriage, contracted under divorce laws admitting several causeB and by virtue of which tne unicn m.oy, in certain contingencies, terminate before death, is: marriage. Horace Greeiey tells us it is " quite another thing.'' The law of Connecticut, the law of Indiana, provides, that if a couple,, legally divorced, contract a second marriage, such second mar- riage is legaL Horace Greeley ineiets that " they " must not call that marriage, for though it may be the'•' Ihe asme to them, it is far otherwise to him."Here is a conflict. Tbe Revised Codes of Indiana and Connecticut (and of a dozen other States beside) declare one thing; Horace Greeley declares the oppo- site. Tbe one or the other, it is evident, must be griev- ously in error. ,Popee, from the Vatican, have, not unfreqnently, assumed the power, »s to certain laws enacted by dulysuperiority of the forces at his command, and taking advantage also of a nocturnal surprise.New-York, where, twenty years ago, he says, he fir«t conceived the idea of invading one of the Southern Suites and carrying off its slaves ? Do you suppose heby tbe approbation of Jeffereon and Washington, that,barren plains, are in fact extensive forests. In support as he sometimes said, he believed the arms of the Al- " of our age, which overrides the gravest social ne-.of this, comes up a great astronomic authority, Schwa- mighty upheld him, he was encompassed about by the" cessities in its mad pursuit of individual, personal " ends."Does it not occur to you that when men vote for or sanction rtatonable divorce laws, they may do so from a conscientious motive ? Does it not occurto you, that when an opponent expreeues the opinion: " in cases"wheretheholiestpurposesforwhichGodordained " masriage are frustrated and ite ihmest sanctuary de- " filed by evil passions, it ought, for the sake of virtue, " to cease"—tbat he may be bincere in that opinion 7 Have you forgotten that there is*One only who looks into the heart and reads its motives; and that aO hu- man being has a right, setting himself up as judge and ruler, to usurp His place 7The story of the norse^thief (told that he was pun- ched not merely for his offense, but " that horses may " not be stolen"), if it has any bearing on the Bubjeet at all, has an unfair one. Horse-stealing ia a crime. To take it for granted that divorce also is a crime, isSlavery, and made it contrary to theirs, voc theirdrove out from Boston, and the gentleman who hadcharge of getting the bells walked complacently up dersigned requires the good, offices, of your Excel- and down. • • lency to bring about the desirable result, and, confid-[Great laughter.] might be reminded or what, even at our age, we oughtthe five smaller ones are struck by hammers. They are arranged to be placed in three keys: G, E, and C. Each bell bears an inscription. The third from the largest was recast from the old bell of the;ohurch that was presented to it.in 1761by Edward Cahill, Alder- man of London. It cracked in 1825, and was melted over in that year, and now a third time renewed, bears the name of the original donor, with a short Latin in-scription.a man may do in a lifetime. In 184o, the Democratic party, with their ejeballs bloodshot and the perspira tkn dropping off their noses, like one of our sugar-treeshow wholly it trusts; how little it calculates laws or troubles itself about divorce or dreams of anything except that it shall always love as it loves now; con-1and has engraved on it: " Let the name of Thomas I remember aright, it is so written in the Book. And short time in the annals of this country. Suppose any ism was terribly abused in Revolutionary France. "Dowse be remembered. The liberal man devi*ethsomething short of two thousand inhabitants."It was nearly opposite that place that the mail was robbed by eleven of Costina's men on the 13th of4 rio and lak>r the direction and control of the whole to die, and that the Angel of the Lord came there. If short years, between 1848 and 1856. That is but a Rome. I remind you.ti)uttne liberty of Republican-Orer—to sake its lews, and counsel the Commander- what advJce did he give to this bondwoman and her man had been gifted as it was eupr. oaed tbe Wandering *-#jjef; jsJging from this, his rnanifesto, he stands son ? The Angel told this woman that she was iu very Jew was—suppose Adam had been cursed with a con- eaohentry a need of counsel; of money he avows that bad circumstances, but not to be discouraged; to pick tinued existence up to this day, and had started off withBut it would be a poor argument thence to oonoiude, that, in this country, we ought to forbid divorce and introduce a monarchy."literal things."One of the bells was given by the founder, Mr. March.«auee the section of delegates for the same, the pur- My Democratic friends upon the otheraide of the house, " nogamy alone have man's physical powers and moral pose of wbih is time stated: mained, we are told, for four hundred and seventy do not Jet me make you unhappy. This ie the year be- " attributes ever malntaine l their ascendency, while" It will b the province of the Convention to fix j ears. At the end of that time, God abolished that fore thePresidential election. Do not flatter yourselves " weakness and national decadence follow in the traia we Vim* of ieparture—the mode, the arms, uniforms, servitude and repealed the Fugitive Slave Law, very that your church irj we'l founded, and that you can go " of polygamy, whether openly carried out as inDaseret-aerobe*, tse K. G. C. was intended for gentlemen, labor and service to them. • Then He allowed them to mutability is stamped on all things. " Man ia of few ary of Another World,'' paa e 4&) But this ha? no Longfellow says that ours reminds him in its tones of Pryor:«c., and tojhange ear ceremonial so that the organi- much to the dismay and astonishment of the pursuing through another Presidential election as you went " and Constantinople, or secretly practiced as in Lou-zation nay e sifted of its false friends and vicious masters, and greatly to the gratification of those owing through the last. Besides, man is given to change; " don and New-Y/ork." (" Footfalls on the Bound- the moat famous are those at Amsterdam and Loavalu. suggestive contrast to tho spirit which animated Mr.not for n w d « ~ to assist society, not to desiroy—to go home—to their Africa, or, to speak without figure, " days, and full of sorrow [laughter] he cometh forth bearing on the divorce question. You will not assert cne m Belgium. In the hamlets of Switzerland and"After addretaing his second, Col. Lander, in the most familiar terms, Mr. Potter goes on to say that he is profoundly hontile to the whole Bystem of dueling— that he regards it as barbarous in the last degree—that he said nothing in the course of the debate to which Mr. Pryor took offense which was intended as an raj suit to the latter—that ho had no unkind feeling to Mr. Pryor; but inasmuch as the latter had challenged un- conditionally, without leaving the door open to expla- nation, ho was ready to meet the final alternative— that the eoorse of events in the House of Repw»enta*j«ctend ojr dilization,. not to diugrace it."The irpecial ?asineee before the convention ie the^Qowirg:Italy the sound of the small village chime floats down tbe hillside at twilight, but rarely in tltunes"; they nearly always "peal." ". .They are xerjy numerous in England, but there are few or distinction.Chimes, like olock-work, probably had their origin "party; ditsbjind it; you threaten the peace of the to disprove, that, according to the Old Testament, God in German monasteries during the middle ages. '1be " Union." Sir, I am not afraid of this Union. promulgated, more than three thousand years ago, a first one is said to have been made at Alost, in the I eee plainly enough that I can save it in the divorce law which permitted a husband to put away a Netherlands, in 1487. The chime mechanism is some- last extremity, just by letting a Democrat be elected wile who found no.favor in hiB eyes; that that law times BOconstructed tbat it can be played like a piano,*'l. To elect i permanent Commander-in-Chief for the««tary departoent of the K. G. C.; to organize thefe,»«r{il departments of the tame, and to duly commie- as the bubbling death-groan of the Egyptian host had too and eonfira all commissioned officers. risen to the surfaie of the eea; and was borne away /% To elect! permanent financial chairman, and to upon the hot bre<dth of the winds, a woman, a notableA gentleman upon the other side of the House, called out to us the otner day: *' Disband your RepublicanBriefly summing up, (remind you:1. Thtt I proved, and you have not even attempted^roufchly orgjoize the monied department of the K.*• To elect apermaneat President of the third or f i n i n g deparment of the X. G. C , and to enact awoman, then and there broke forth in a very remark-able triumphal song. Miriam, the sister of A*ron, President. [Groat laughter.] Ever since I found that prevailed among His chosen people from the time'of but with the fist Instead of the fingers. Thla ia cov- tiv«s during thirty days prior to the election of Speaker-,in the home of their fathers. The repeal of the Egyptian Fugitive Slave bill,'on the shore of the Red Sea, with all its incident*, is worthy of some notice HOT and at all times. We hear much said'of women taking part in politics nowa-daya. 'Something very like'it occurred on the occasion to whish I refer. Justtbat tbo morals were better before the Reform xtion in Catholic eounlnes refusing divorce^ than they were after Luiher's time in Protestant countries' permit-t i i i g i twith all the dark-eyed daughters of the fugitive He- out, I have cared little what you say about danger to' brew slaves, shouted out,''Sing ye to the Lord, foeMoses till ling after Joseph and Mtry wore united under its provisions; and consequently that if mar- riage, determinable by divorce, be no marriage, thereered with leather, that the blow on the key may be and for some time after, indioated that the right of free applied more forcibly. Difficult as the performance is. speech was in peril—and that, forhbi own oart, " t h e some players can execute compositions consisting of sacrifice of his life could prevent* a Woody collision^ m accordance wjth the lawe of the United Sta«< il gloriously hath Ho triumphed; the horse and bin the Union. The gentleman from Mi«8tasipni [ MCr. Burksdale] declared, also, that hk State wouldgo right" like a flower, io out down, and fleeth away like a sha-" dow' '—every eight years.[Roars of laughter.]•^Hheobjecta «f this association, and to provide a " rider hath He cast into the sea." That was their off out of the1 Union, in the event of the eloction of was not a married man or woman amongtho Jews trills and arpeggios. Barney relates that the chime- upon tho floor, and atcure tho protection of this right, •^ard of advieenent. " Bail Columbia." Sir, that sing of the prophetess Mr. Seward. The people of the State of Mississippi for fifteen hundred years. « % . player Scheppenlaid a wager; w*th an able performer he was ready to become the victim—that unless some 4- To deternme upon equipment and time of mo- has rung in my eara in day, and often in night time] may walk out but the State never will. . Why, Sir, I . 2 I have shown,,and you have admitted, that Jesus on the violin that he would execute a difficult nolo for one did this the independent action of tho Northern252°. prepare aa address to the people of the South- too. In my dreams of the ultimate destiny of man, I have heitrd of this thing ever pince I have heard any- the violin with the bells, and won bis wager. Pot' men in Congress, and the whole freedom of debate, i*» iSf*1 to er«i snch a aUBdard of meeaberebJp as have supposed it wouli ring in the ears and agitate disallowed that law; not denying thai it was suitableTin clear the orgnnzation of ail vkloaa eharactere, and the souls of men, till the words " kiDgs and tfudbjects, thing in public affairs. In 1833, South Carolina wag at the period it was given,-jet declaring that, iu his theff, organist and chime-player at Amsterdam, ber would be violently * overthrown.* He then reaa niam«ny—it eefme that we cannot elect any one of them.may not be granted, then yoa full into the same error as the Jews, when they, zealouB without knowledge for their Sabbath, were reminded by Jesu<j, in the'spirit of the truest philosophy, that human institutions are made for man, not man tor human indtitutions.Others may have argued that children ought to be sacrificed to parents. I hold, and ever have held, that there is no duty more^cred than that which we owe to those to whom we impart existence. It is a misfortune, and a great one, that a mother should look her children n theej e and think that their father, then living, and her husband are different men. But far greater is the misfortune when she lookB upon them with the bitter consciousness they are daily, hourly, learning to know, in their father, a 8ot, a brute, a ruf-asking them to subscribe to the " Harvard Chimes." The call waB but partially responded to, and Mr. Bachelder dying'soon after, and Mr. Dana leaving on his travels, tbe chief care devolved upon Mr. Parker. In the Au- tumn of 1858^ the ladies of Cambridge held a fair to further the object, from which about $2,000 was real- ized. In addition to this, donations were made by va- rious individuals, and Henry Hooper St Co. of Boston commenced the founding of thirteen bells. The number first proposed was eight, but from the interest taken in the subject t&e Committee felt justified in increasing it. Many delays hindered their completion; but at length the sufficient money was raised, and, all being finished, several weeks since, in anticipation of hanging them, the old tower was strengthened to bear their weight and thejar from ringing them, by iron supports aad new tim- bers, which altogether coBt about $800. The bells were hung ready for playing last week, except the tongues, which were not put in until Saturday nigbt, l«et some mirchievous person might amuse himself by striking them before the proper time.determined to go out of. the Union, because of what day, it ought not to prevail. I thenee deduced the infer- eame blind in his ueventh year, and received bio can© with his second."Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comof tbmgs which leads to divorceis to be deprecated and was purposely put into practice, in order to provoke alamented, and tbat divorce itself ia a grave misfortune.of nursery rhyme memory, the man began to play the bells, the bells began to sing the tunes, the. tones be- gan to jur the tower, and the tower did not begin to go —so all were satisfied.As the firsts sunbeams struck on the face of the old belfry, like the Memnon of old, it answered, playing " Deo volente," and afterward the glad hymn, " Christ the Lord is risen to-day," followed by " Old Hundred" and (' Coronation." *For myself, sleeping, or rather now waking, nearlyunder the shadow of the tower, I felt, like the AncientMariner, that the air was full of sweet sounds. Forseveral days, whenever I passed the church, I hadseen through tbe open window t h e round gray sides ofthe bells closely nestled together, and looking muchlike a flock of birds of different sizes, with only theirbreastfl Bbowing, and their heads under " their wings,pOor things," roosting. Now they had taken flight, 8re8cribed. by a just and equitable course of action, or and the air seemed to he full of them. ! it should refuse to issue the necessary orders tovals throughout the'whole day.Groups of people stood upon the Common, chaisesThe largest bell weighs 3,200 pounds; the smallest,Hooper. All, except the secondf and third, have" This report comes by way of Matamoroe, the road being several hours shorter on that side of the river than on this."THK PKYOK AND POTTER QUARREL.—The Wash-Hole. Each of these has eight bells.The famous chime of " Bow Bells " in London, and Potter to his second, CoL F . W . Lander, sent late on*the one at Cambridge, in England, have but twelve Thursday, tho 12th intt, immediately before the ac- bells each, but the great chime at Antwerp has 99: ceptance of tbe challenge of Mr. Pryor. It affords aThey are very numerous throughout Europe. Among\ l>'! ,-••'V,IV •an 