 mmmmmmssssmRH5Wmmm.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•the election of Lincoln EepnblicMiand thetriumphof'Ider the concession itself of any practical In other words, yyo require—.mocratic PartyttisNeitherwith theand the letter of the Constitution which ourPatb-havebeen Tbe Gulf States will send no tiat discTifLlnates agaiu^t Southern labor: uo suchdependencegreat revolution."other journalsin the dis-¥«'*.. X.—NO. 2868. =5?PRICE TWO CENTS.ire directly responsible for that rupture of the Da- ground of complaint on this score as yon have. purpose of this cbrrespondence does not lead me, tion. And in due process of time yon have come give the localloa of the vessels thus : Tiw fit. ir<m>sLt| >beiBcnaudliy KuUring tht Slavc-Trade.tbe South at least half in this matter. wayIfhatjoo advise her to do, you think everyof was Gadldu), Georgia,WiwtUing to trust Iho docisioa of the question to publican Preslileiit would be nn Issue fnr di^umun. South had no tla-eet to send into the territories, Wt,at oo 1 underctsBd my learued cnlleigne (Mr. Hillako)anticipated when, asyuu-dtclaredreopened.dlscriiuliiallon can be made and our equality in thesay :•• The whole matter will be left to the operatioB ofthe law uf supply and ueiuaiid, pre iselyas tae mule,roun'ry.Tbe HepubUcan Ulnmlnation In Saa FraaeiSBO IKhonor of LiscoLii's election was a eonqilete MlaHe:letter ul June 16, U68, ybu could "by one organized concerted ac-slaves to Kansas or New-Mexico so as longas elemenUs rigbts. It recogriizeBabouteitberof power or as the claimantsthe brought "inyourthey ccmuiand such enormous prices at home ; —norVnion 1 therefore Invoke tae beytt recognized.was the real object, and would be thetoas con-concentrated and intensified the resentmentstract iot general appreciation, and the idea of dis-hnicn was never popular out of South Carolina,duiing his lifetime. Since his death the apostlesof his creed have been untiring in its propaga- wrong and this loss lallwaning influence of the South in tbe federal councils, than by tracing them to their cause andto mosttouching emotions of pity, whichdlataly followed by threats of dire reveoss Itae red-skins. On recetvhig the Intel llgenna at Uptbe sensation felt was such tbat humaaltrfort, aloafcan The conduct of H^j. Stbis, the s^ rzpeiieuce.ficlal in comniand, was prompt, and every eocafiMt of the lbrtwbichcould.be transported, was qaleU^tion ;^—aiid no one man has been more zealous •ver, somewbstbolder and more frank in tbe ap-in California, held, treated,repealplicationthe country,—you have been more willing thanuf those who were working with you, toavow and advocate the measures which those premequite right of that traffic.requisitemanyRight itself,opening cede thattheorieswereintendedtosupport. Ifeeljistilied,therefore, in regarding you atkthe be&t representa- volving that duty upon the Federal Govern-ment ;— that tbe law ol 1850, in fulfillment of thatpricefrom Virloiia.The oner arrived from Ftaxer River on Ibe IT^tive of the disunion movemeni, and in seeking thecauses of that movement, in your opi.nions and duty, by youof degradation and ruin to their homes and their hopes.declarations.lution of the Union ?ILICTIOa OF A SIFCBLICAM PRkSIblJIT.If I vfere to ask every Disunionist in the South Ihie question, n(peHenths of them would probably— rt£ ita and tbe foimer would be valueless without the latter. it, or deny tbat it haswill accept tbe hazard of DisunionIn another letter I shall endeavor to show thatton. Five mtaarf KlS.OdOta du«. .g:recently taken from a lake situated about forty mllek northwe tof Port Dcugla^s, which excites the seper-awe of (he Indians of taat region by its stltlous lanb^reply, thethan thewhetherseen this result andought toThe neighborhoodonlyit assigns lo each theirStates andPeople,—in such a they creat-of the fleet Rasboiw, Flag-CMBcerA.VD COM.MERC„I,ASan F],4>ci=co, Satunl.iy, Nov. 1«—3:40 P. M.party. But you know that in andmade their minds uplong agoous nppeaiance. lake is said toa few day s a;;o, without experienciiig inush dtteultit For the future, therefore, morehandixe tar the TJpp« Frszer B Iver may be shipped dbect from New-West- minster to Fort ZuU.The steamer KHza Ruderson arrived from New-of Itsell this constitutes no justification whatever-proceeding. Burcerta^iiy it is not more so than 'the election of aPresident in strict comilianceple youbare concession of tbe extension itself will secureIam, Sir, yourobedient servant.« ithform and requuement of the Con. eve'iythese bills.Iyou neither.The principle yovtusert tt the absolute equality ofeverytoo monarchies of tbe earth,that less Cons'tituti'anal.ii one whit thetion knows nothing of SK/ioTM in the Union,fu^iiive flavcs, and cs calculated needlessly to ei-weight In proportion to itseecure the individtial States frum;forCapeTown, SouthAlri-hj a minority of tbeponu'ar.vote, through the di--;—that ecLch Slate shall be allowed to make itsThe United States corvette Cumberland, which arrived at this port a few days since to receive her ar-injustice,with. The eleciion ofThe recomswaln, Edwin B. Bellequally Constitutional, your light to secede wouU I-w,I, ;iiwhere the injury is thea constant slave,—any- snd hopeful tendency towards emancipation in°'^^^-t^'ii<h^as^^tTc* cLitry trade proved ll^httYc.visions of bis opponents. True—but Kepublicans die, Siutl.- ;,„towerein of otherscomposed iimai majority—:part .ul.jnci.But has all the in- mnttcr 7 Have tbeYork, and bad served' yetra; a Constitutional majority, composedarewholly of Republicans, is not one whit the less a Constitutional majority of the* people than If itputamake property by her 'local laws,—becomes prop- own words,feophit. I—whateversentiment upon this subject. In your Lieut. Mooas, of the Wyoming, now on tae bnt sampleThe Constitu.proportion of power in aspart;SHJPUNGAr/ivei" 15;li inst., ship Soulhcrn Cross, fromjustPreaideot, in every other functheGovernment_-the election of ation of government. The Sia'cs Inthe Electoral college to the extentspirit.»d powerover theSlave-trade,—not doubtinghave an equality of two votesright in saying, that all the Personalbills, that ha.ve been passed in all the of the States. You will concede, I think, that I that,Cumbirlandare: C John aptMar&tan, Lleutenama,I.iscul.hinjurythev sustain—or buy and sell it,penter, Wm. M. LalghtonThe Board of Engineers recently ordered to con-isaboutready|Slive law.am not disposed, however, to enter upon anywhile tbe them,age,to make allies insteadSDRKK.VIISK OF FDQITIVK SLAVES.selves,gladVirginia:^i fir n^frnnti}^«^'V- ; . *««-!Sl,- •; J >?,.:; > I:,.'-Why * * •te voice of all those States, asaembled in Conven- to sav that upon that iHue he would l>e ready tudii- she had not enough to supply the demand for stitutioialgUKranletsoftae 8Uve-traae.or calm' solve the Union. I wi!b all defersace to col- tioB and acting together,— avan to the say mymost unwisely, it has come eniirely to of OocauLs. AU parties now concede tbe State^tampt diminish herctBDiitnieuta uf the other Cotton Butes will impel that ibeii will be Uie time to uiggulve tbs Uiilun. If wealth elsewhere. Nor are tbe political consider- Ike States unth reference to this species of property.S'edeial Oovernment to support the Coostitution aati maintain the integrity ot the Union.I am constrained by the evidence of events to eontess that your efforts have been crowned with aovei me that Is hot of the kind I would wlah.poll jacKasses from Malta ? What became of our when this Goveiunent passed a law discriminating ag.iiust:paredto take it. The machinery which you organ- "There was a time when thequestionofSlaveryand in favor of the of the^e enaci- cousiltutlonaliiyoperate upontbe Southpreciselyas laws for- uf the Sou hem States on thedissolution <for tbe Presid«'Dcy, Sbvasd' siiouid receive the legAlthatismadethecaus«ofdlKunlou,1sayteAndwhatl)ccumeofourequalltvwhenthelawwas power groes frini Africa, though you of the North may Im tbe law ofthatinto her aid, in reaiating auy armed attempt of the tke tittke of an tnjerwr wue, that there was a aauner ber action. For if she should send slaves into<hcBi, not only to Imitate her example, but to come I will with tbem. bat I will feel that 1 am goagainst an election lUider the furms of lnw and the Couiftilutlon, / nm asked to 4o in uaconatUutional tking, according to the Cunetltution as It now exists. I am asked to put mj/atlf mthe positiim of a rebels of amust draw additional supplies from Maryland, Del-and tbus do all in ber power to**there is noUmjjiqua eonnty ted in tbe above figures.theofiations wbicb the question involves likely to changegoinglies. Thecounty will be Increased IS or 20. Lisosui1 cannot doubt that an overwhelming majority of preparation for resistance, to any extent which the grate into new regions first sell jtheir slaves, and ittlc class ttiai has fed upon our very life-blood."the J eople ol South Carolina are prepared tor se- injustice, when it should come, might require. thus take their property with tbem in the shape of I might greatly multiply these extracu,—but IIf we do want tbem, tbeo we caa get them. 1 think tmsby taat rule.**general illuiiiination. Tbei.anse of it was that 4W HepubUcans generally were not ta an exulCMt iThe Sacramento of Stemdard, orginridge Deniociacy, assumes tkat ihe c— ccs^iou, and thatto be This, then,;of discontent with theafter the blow has once been But it isa and brave cath. Asgreat you clearly expressedMont-oughtgovernedstruck there is much reason to believe that a ma-of thegomery speech** Slaves are too valuable to be risked in a contestyour ground that itin tieorgia, Alabama and Mis-that may never arrive;and in tnis case you haveabsolutedimanu lor It." the Southern people hold these views of tbe prin- Practically, therefore, we shall bear nothing ciple, or join in demanding its recognition, withpreventsto seriously consider tbe of questionscarcely becomingpeople, to act upon a mere apprehension of dangersit inyourhave given enough to show what you mean by theofSissiipi will tally, in anna if necessary, to her sup- every aiburance which Ur. Lihcolm'd declared tciXkFTte-SoH-dominanyofournew Territories. The to take your slaves, aa your property, into the Ter-peoplefcrtWhat is likely to be the result of such a move-ment, I may perhaps consider before I c ose thiscorrespondence. At present my purpose is rather to examine ita motives.enough of public lite to know that seeking power •-and the same thing i« true, though to a much against a party in possession is one thing, and ieat Client, ot the people in the other Slavebolditig wielding it under all the responsibilities which itStates. If we were to ask them what are the rea- involves, is quite another. The Republican Partyyourecognitionyourmiaulliej^a. separate Bepubllc on tbe Pacific Coast As ideajorityrightcrtattof Slavery.You fear that, whatever his personal opin- ions and purposes may be, he will be governed by ing Slates sre imbued with the general conviction the tequitements of his party. But you have seenInst, arrived at San Francisco on tbe IMb, bat ftsmi more of tbe Territorial question until tbe greater any such purpose. Neither did they dream in secession,—would declare themselves in favor of some unexpiataed cause braagbt no St LoaisMtHirThe gr^ maas of tne people in the Cotton grow-question which lies behind it, and gives it all its 1860 that tbe enactment of the Compromise meas- the Slave-trade. Nor is it your policyimportance, shall have been decided. And this, I ures contained a which would involve reopeningprinciple to press the subject upon their attention, or eventhink, is tbe general conviction of the reflecting tbe repeal of tbe Missouri Compromise. But when to allow it to be made a topic of discussion, whilethus deprivmg tae newspapers of tacir usual baOsiV correspondence. New-Yora letters, howavar, csha through all rightA severe gale of wind lias been prevailing thRNlgk- out the State for tbe past two day«. flsrrsni<brn stealers had to come to anchor ta the bay, aotl able to land at San Francisco. No seriousthat thdr separation from the Union is desirable:of tbe Republicanpeople Party.of tbe North, even amongwere told in 1851 tbat it did,united inscus lor such a conviction,—what are the precise wrcnga which they have suffered under the Union, what the advantages they expect to secure forwill now have far more interest than any other in— of aextension of Slavery into the Territories until tbe;thought of seizing bis neighbor's farm —but showhim that be has color of title, and be will speedilyits recovery. You— many vessels have cbafed at ttw the majority, will ever vote for the measure, consideralilyIhwiisiiliiii by leaving it,— should receivewe verySouthern State, in the laws, on repaired for some days. Owing to tbia eaaae tbe aaw!are therefore for secession. But it would not beIsentiments and which the necessities of his I onsequenceIs that this species of property Iskeptseems 10 obtain ll'tle anJ Is sympStay,denoonoed'b^tion can give, that no trespass upon Southern rights will be permitted which h^e has the power to pre- vent.ten of the mass of the Southern — people, perhapsa large portion of ine Press.The Fony Express which left St Josepb oa tts SOipreventing renewals of the John Brown raid,inAfrican Slave-trade should be restored:and itcan-therefore these laws wxll never be repealed." YonBetween Sacramento and Gerson Valleymovementpunishing every against peacethenot have escaped your observation that the Repub-commence for proceedingsgiapboles were blown downand. ttie line adiferent answers from difi'../ent Stales. The mo- everything like resistance to their execution, and point very different from that used at Philadelphia duct of this movement know very well that, if youto theaction of all the ly the Pony Express, wUch left St. Louis oa thetives wbicb influence Disunionisis m Alabama and securing that public tranquillity wbicb resU upon in 1866. As ihings now stand, I believe the North CSB establish the |generalhas notreachedtbeto Saciamtnto at noon to-day, two days Aaat afGcuth Cuulina, are not the moiives which influenceijustice and equal rights.wculd lose nothing whatever brt<(Merima.Wroinris)<tj»JtogllMri^yand^rginia. AUmuUtid^bifJiP*is 7«w -^fecluaa litiaie.uoBet has been of ttw eaadaaMMoB— — that theft Coamon !ns kution Slavery is jpMofJtVfMflTSa^reein seme way menaced by the Uoveriuuent as itaovrexiste, and especially as it will exist after it passes into tbe bands of the Republican Pdrty ;—;-;Mid.„saletae|aIt Is for thei- -i »ila assume. In order to ascertain the real motive fate imperatively demanded a change in the spiritbotiheywould differ as to the sbape which its per-was one uf tbe under command oif companyDxM, sent to Walla- Walla to aid cosigrauts.we mustleading minds with whom, like all great move- publicanwhich would involvelespcnsibility for these opinions, might give aid, governed byof disupion, therefore,goany postany pArtyI not hiz- it their areBiiuiT. Rivxs, Friday, Oct ML We are homeward tmu fid alter asneoMiMtraap^ We have been as far as Owyhee, and rescaad tMetfaoieBta,ithad its origin. Lt-.-a thau two years be fore the Ijeclaration of Independence was issued,veryaid such an expression of them.my own judgment, based upon the grounds I have already mentioned.powerful feelingw ily ihis 6uppl> frooi.j '>•t.^.the minds of a comparatively small number of those in tbe great mass of those who sympathize with it andTou mistake the North IB' supposing that the election of Lihcolx iadi-on tiieprinciple to-day, you j^MtgnSBIiiHBtstMr-foriKUdte tis it;BaveTMifnee sctree,—The refusal to surrender fugitive slaves, and the inhabitanU may, when they come form aafterlabor at home. She needs on her own plantationsmeanor Importevei tentlble man in this woi not that it invites and secures an additional fromall the slave-labor she can possibly command,—Mates sloDe. You insist that some one State than tke toee of an eUction. U In the Contest of I8M and att< to send slaves into the territories statute a vwtation of tke spirit of tke Constitution ? abroadlesgoashsrs,tu/%omorein/triorittutcouldb*tendered ^odgment and conseoting action of the Cotton to (Ac iSoutk upon wkick me ekouhi dieeolv* the Uniony Cuuventiun,supply —and when the supply is excessive, itThe Democratic Herald fextrajCity, Oregon, on tbe l*tb lost.summary for fifteen eouatias In that Slate :—loMH,anyWkaiwastbespirituftbeConstitution! Itwasthat;Ihe(Ivas tcUom^,r^n^:.vnc?1J .i"nl$ ^H^iff-?fnlt .'^^*^-%-ifr^ jT^S*NEW-YORK, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23, ISGJ.SLAVE-TRAOL^InlMctiTCoftkeSiiiiDionisti-UiTeTy These,yonwillsay,aretechnicalreatonaagainst thinkyonwillfindtbeNorthquitereadyto meet thecontrolofanyoneStite, ; visnBfSUHftl!I^; —andeachStatewould\eraframed andyou now find that you cannot toCailar—butwouldnot.ofcourse,»Hlule thePsrif.AKOJHEwhichif it did notnor do its limitstopermit me, inquire. It wouldinto direct collision on this1 avb'g seme fever on board, wassection has been blameless. Both haveelection of LimccTln. steps to retrace and reforms to practice and I evidently put the whole matter of property underbe sovereign quuad hoe, not only over its own' refch the object at which you aim,withoutdest|ioy- fisgafl'airs, but over the affaire of all tbe other States, ing that Constitution, and brealimg up tbe Union and lAvant are expeeted. Tbe CysiM's That the principle would involve the restoration of which it created. sienot ghren; and If she be not at Paaamaa.ded,cause,subjectcmvsiagfcnolt, Laving pTovi-hmed at Paoama, has ratatBa*ecetslon. Tine, and they are only aaaigned intnawer to technical reaaona in ita fsTor. If youBtaod upon the Conatitution, and aaaett your rightunder it to secede in case of ita violation, I am free Territories, and that poaition, you say, is denied tbe foreign trade in slaves, if any State should The people of the South sympathize with the ciew arrives, the old Monder of peyliig hoWknTBI TIBBITOBIAI. QDISTION.Bnt you claim the right to carry Slavery into tbe'Nor can you find any pretext for aeceaaion in the think I run no risk of contradiction when I say, speech you took precisely this ground, and de- superiority can l>e overcome within the Union they UTER FBOlTTHE/ACinG.' Nxv-TeK, Mot. St, ISM. character oi*the man thus elected. If you have that tbe present holders of slaves in tbe Sontbem nounced tbe laws of Congress prohibiting the do not peroeive,—nor have they any definite idea8SC«K]lyy.B9«BK TO BON. W.I.. TANOJCT. to show that no such violation haa taken place, and liy tbe Republican Party. The assertion of the right choose to enter upon it, you will not deny, nor liuve disunion movement from a keen sense of tbe 2^0 persons will be repeated. that yon have, therefore, no such right. is one thing,—and ita exercise is quite another. I I tbe slightest doubt. Indeed, in your Montgomery growing superiority of the North. How tbatI;^"W. Ji. YuHSTT—Dettr Sir: In a made yourselt at all familiar with it—aa you are States care nothing about the extrcite of the right Slave-trade as unconstitutional, because they de- of any policy by which it can be contested, after Arrival ef tbe Oreriaad :hiter IcOTMCted tke miaiapraaentations, bound to do before making it the ground of objec- asserted on their behalf. They do not wish to go nied and destroyed this principle of tbe Equality of tbe South shall have seceded. Yon, on the con-aed OregM BMh Cwriad fey **1 IlcaBs-BanrlMe TtKUsO^Mt UmH^mti »t^ feiiB(.which you endeavored •^•nnimtlM people ef tke Moitiiem States that—youmustknowthattheUnioncontainsno totheTerritories—WlfAay ought to peimit the indefinite tncrcoa* of !still less to take the States. You faydefinite ideas on bothil trri'imt Witiattral. **?trary, have You trace thetionpnrer, no more upiight, no more patriotic citizenj^ Qug more just and lair-minded, more certain to now belonging to tbe Union into wbicb alaves are In violation of the spirit of the Coastltuiiun, sections, in material development and conse-;Tbe lawsprohibitingtbeforeignSlave-tarade,themselves,their slaves with thqm. There are no territories:verygrowing inequalitypointa. of tbe twonow to eonaider the bearingof that aigUBient tipon the jiteeeot I>isunio& move- regard to tin rights of all, than Mr. Lincoln. But their vslne. What slave-owner in Alabama will Govtmmmtto discrimanate agamat one of tke States m the Federal Uoternment agaiittf tke South istFoil KsAunr, Wednesdajp.lMr.mJM(»<ry.IpfOfioaedischargethe dnties of his office withscrupolooscould be carried without aprodigioussacrifice of unjust • • • oughtto be repealed.What rigkt kas tkisquent political power,to the discrimutationofThe— even if this were not so, I undersand you to have take slaves worth from $1,000 to $1,600 there tke Union tkat k»t efuai rigku in tke Union I Wnere rig aid to the supply of labor, whichSan PruKbc*^wiUyoufindtherightIntheCoutltation? Nowhere.TosannqingtheStateofAlabamatosecede expresslywaivedthisasareasonforsecession,in intoKansasorNew-Uexico,wheretbeyarenot WillmyiikndfromViigliiia(Ifr.Paraa)fiuUInaay everycommunitythegreatelementofgrowtho'cloikthismoralag,reportstkreeleetofsaowonA*ftem the Union,—or, if she will not take the lead your speech at Hcntgomery in 1868, where I find worth, either for sale or for hire, one-half of that clause of tbe Constltuilon uiy enactineut a«alnst the and of wealth. The North is permitted to increase South Pass and Rocky Sldge.shall withdraw bam the Union by herself, trusting4hat the countmity of iuterest, the pride and the the foims of tLe i.onsiitution anit laws, geotleineu sav ber domestic strength and add nothing to her tljal ue rfsarf upon an equalfooting wuk all the rest of there new and free States, swells tbe political S,Ct2 r BBACXXiianaB ifiUnumber of votes iieces^ary to elect him according towouldonlyproductof cotton, weakenAlifc-sa Ibavcry within our dumlniuni was legal, andoverflows into tbe newTerritories, and, plantinganyWhen I sm asked t>J rai.xe the flag of revolution territory in order to make it a slave territory, she iquabty thin! A blow was struck against tt,supplyof labor rises at tbeprice there is no suchThe South never Ofsuccess.Althoughthefinaltraitor;Inapot-itionvthere.IftheGovernmentshouldcancolonizetbeterritorieswithslaves,untilshefi;lalouluyj,iconstitutt&nallaw.startling degree succeed and put down the reTolutlun, / ant myfriends step has not yet been taken by any State, public con ke arraxgntd before the Huprrm*; C-'urt of tke VaUed aebliment in three or four of them seems quite pre- StatiSt and there be tenttw.ed to be hangedfor xiotatingthe in theSouthfallsLi5C0L)i'Bmajority. reason, your opinion, whybehind tbe North in material development and in Tbe people of California are waiting with deepCunstltuiloD? If so, then I shall be able tu uoder- poetical power. These laws forbidding tbe Slave- anxiety for tbe Eastern news, showing tbe dtke Constitution and laws of my country"ised acme years since lor the purpose of firing The fact, therefore, that a Republican Presidentsiand his argument against the African Slave-trade, tradeaware orand ofas that two and two make four, that the Uw plus to send into tbe new Territories And this isVirginiaconvert ihem into free States.struck at tke tke South. ifuaiUy ofIfwayofloweringtheprice,securinga sur-'can te at liberty to increase her supply by impor- tation from abroad. .that we sre not efiw( m Me (Tuon according to tbesnlsieii d i-n bu nan flesh and tbe cicwnirig consummation of the current popular especially the enactment by several Northern State Constitution, and not before, admit or ex- clusive proof that Northern, supremacy is a union interest, deprecate the discussion of tbe of her husband.luie. States ol Personal Liberty bids, with the apparent clude Slavery in their own discretion, and agreeingA private letter says tiiat on tbe evening of the SIhptotrsis against EnglishThe disunion movement has been set on foot by intent to prevent their recovery, is much more to admit the State into the Union in either case—wita a detaciuneot laofficer, aflnapjment, and weaken, if not destroy, the entire seces- a comi aratively small number of men in the generally assigned as a reason for Disunion. But would the South accept that as a final adjustment of the Southern States. No community sion movement.Southern States. Mr. Caluoun planted the seeds this cannot be your motive, nor that of the Gulf of the differences between tbe two sections? ever sinks dqwn willingly into a position ofofit,intheintellectaandtheambitionofthemo.stand influential of the riaing statesmenis dissolved at all ;—for they suffer scarcely any the disunion movement ?and the struggle will be violent in proportion to thementsfordisunion,ratherthanStates whose action will dissolve the Union, if it Would —and those who are acting with you in inferiority. Its instinct is to struggle against it, you,At present it is your policy to accumulate argu- tion. were emaciated, so much so (batprominentof the South. His doctrines found no lodgment practicalin the popular mind. His arguments were too ab- the eleven hundred slaves who escape from tbe cede it as a matter of Hight, of principle, with to involve. All tbe sectional excitements and po-inconvenience from this source. Out ofSouth annually, I presume that all the Cotton whateverwouldlogical consequencesbelievedI thinkdiencyrassing questionStates. They haveself in Convention with tbem, and tbe Disunion- and in allwill con-is offered on grounds of expe-solution of an embar-—No." What the South contends events. The annexation of Texas, ihe claim tomost wallsi ptteoosStates together do not lose Virginia, Mary- fifty.But if it alone—as aland and lifntucky are the States upon whom thispracticalwhat she has felt to be the inevitable tendency offixing public attention upon tbe remedy you pro- jiose to apply. But the time will come whenso littletinn yourself in this work. You have been, more- secession movement that you will not trust your- tbe view of tbe Constitutionthe'sympathyfor is thethat ber slaves areto beists of South Carolina insultingly repel allof his theories to the practical policy of ment,;yet they are Union——lbs fight for Kansas,—— respecta regarded byfoiemost among them will be the restoration of tbe African Slave-trade.* of ciolbiag forthewomenandchildrenofthetrain. A physician, v^ith medicine. Ac, accompanied tbeaap-and Tcu must be aware, moreover, that the Su- the absolute indefeasibleCourt has released tbe States from exercise of theright,—ply train.v\ ofBy ay Oregon,we have news to tbe 27th uK.all obligation to return fugitive slaves by de- mand as tbein the Union. peaceful sea. Its roar came to their ears upon thepoint,its delective provision for proofs of iden- would tity, subjects Iree citizens of Northern States towith tbe— specific measures must be proposed, and thenrefuse the privilege ofWhat, then, are your reasons for urging a disso- the danger ofbeing carried into Slavery, as has >ame time tbe absolute A/ to do so? Because I do not wonder at this alarm. I cannot blamein dust this issue upon any field you may select. They tTS.CCO Foldlives. The injustice which they mayowners of fugitive slaves, is not greater in-justice which may arise to, free men from thevalue. the restoration of the African £lave-trade, in order to extend Slaveryby know it or not,guided, have fore-1vindication of the general policy othave always opposed them as at war in their spirit,ciessisting them,— moralHENRY J.RAYilOXD.those tional vote. Admit the fact — does not make with' the con>t.tuli>nai. obligation to surrender cf the Slates in regard lo the tenure of p'operty, powerfulprinciples mightiestprovingatituilon.,Yousayhe bns. been elected- by a sec-great for theNaval iDtelliiieacc. nirAKToiiK or iBit Cumberland.work to thelook for and guidance,of the they.. -Tou^lL-tbat*eces.ron is strictly aconstitutional bar.h and unguarded execution of the Fugitive into the Territories. Tbe recognition of tbe princi- to act with Ihe taws Nature,i,,,,of ratherthaninvolve.as horses, cattle,notbuig else, preciselyyou;reply "Yes, youthat measure by declaiming on tbe growing power their knees, snd in taeand preponderance of the North, and tbe steadily food. The stout hearts of the soldieri were iCompromise, the fiUibustering in Cen- the Federal Govern- tral America,—the clamor for Cuba, have been like only tbe straws at wbicb tbe slaveholding section advice or counsel from them on this subject. and other movable chattels. It is has clutched, in tbe hope to save itself from beingprinciplepropertyproperty,in believing that the there- The North will never con- nor lay the foundation for its concession,-diiectly or indirectly, under any cir- cumstances, nor for any consideration which you can offer as an equivalent. They will meet you onof berSTATE BQUALITT AMD TBE BLAVE-TBADI.remaining Now, why do you make this distinction ?Why slaves into the Territeries, unless you could secure at the— sounded to them like the knell of destiny, thesnd brotght, by expressandthat the prolessed object of these Personal Liberty Because you have no slaves to take into the Territo- tic sentiments. I do think that the leading intel-hai pened once at least since ita enactmentinIs said, assays as highas;originjustpatrio-$2,000 per possessioobills has been lo protect free citizens from that ries,—and you need tbe right,I eril, and not to prevent the return of actual fugi- which it rests, in order to get them, and thus ren- e»ery community the grewathommass are peopleyour: contend for will give you both ——of civilization and Christianity, instead of re-prisoners lathe Vlet«^MH-totitp Pyft.Sb|lifcarryingprecursor;of October, anof tae msta cpharitlyd,renfound neaord ain s&masltlatestorfesa'm-artvha*e women and naked,"and are and an Insult to the Suuth, andoi the risk of Slave-trade; No, be will not find it there. Whuwlll indefinitely ita of labor —by losing he find la that Constitution T He will find simply supply by immigration,—totbem ? Mr.aiwehoUiBg Btota abooid do also,—bat you are ginia, (Ur. PsTtja,) tbe eleciiun of a Black Re- when he told the Charleston Convention that the migration or imp(n1ation of suck persons as auy of forbidden to seek a sunilar increase by importa-call that? that is one ol tae Cua- 900 to 8Wfa weeamon, to any other State ttwt may do a joinBy this arrival we are ta regeipt of tbe advices :yon saying : amount, ''If I ondcrstand my distlDguithed friend from Vir-say nothingtils : * shall enact no Uw tae inviting labor from abroad,—while tbe Sooth is quite right Congress prohibitingMlowi^ The Presidential returns of the State are i— the Slates may see fit to admit before tbe year loOe.' tions of the peculiar kind of labor on which, complete, and Lisooui is stiU fromyouIn 1607 a law was enacted making tt a misde-to a slave from abroal. Now lask rely. When the price of labor rises in the North Lmcour,iof tbe North. At the South the enactments passed that said, you of the Souta shall not import ne- of Congress have arrested this natural operation oftLe sl<ive labor of the South..T%e taw it follows asJ B there any gentleman hereprepared to matotaloquestionand that it can never come up a^ain, as a practical it Is a law that discrimtnales agamst Southern prop- the repeal of llwse laws. permitting everyportion tbetbeytbey consequencesthe issue of secession is pending. Yon haveday.;Brazil cr upon the coast uf Africa ?* * *so,counties are to be heardyet from and will liiriiiawiin tbe Territories was tbe paramount political mtnts. * * if it is right to buy slaves in Virginia, bidding emigration would operate upon the North. After learning of Liacau's elecUoo, allhas been elected cannot be your reason lor dis- and giving courage to each uther," has done, its union. As a symptom and precursor of other work far more efiectually than even you could events it might have more weight. If there were ;— and that " Proper Moment," any substantial reason for supposing that Mr. L]^C0LN would aid or countenance any infraction of Southern rights, any trespass upon Southern in- tkn, jiTectpitatc ike Culttm Utatct utto a reco'u- terests, any attempt to disturb the public peace in tinn," secuis in very truth to have arrived. Gladly the Southern States, you would be quite right inaaIwouldshutmyeyestosounwelcomeafact, puttingtheSouthinanattitudeofdefence,andof maiketaattheirdoors. Slaveholderswhoemi- ourstatute-bookeveryevidence-ufourint^quality, l^utmeg'traaeojNtwEngland.Lrtitbegovernedby tuat has been put there by the domtiiant and autaguu- the lavj of supply and d':mand al'me. If we do notthe Southern heart, instructing the Southern mind,of theI think that time hasAnd ihcinsoughtin Statepassedremedy you propose, —ts to beanimotitlts greatly moderated, tbe RspnUleaasin what consists the wrong of buying slaves in Cuba,question, until after the African^ Slave-trade has ptrty i no such dlscrimUiallon Is right. It Is a laiv to import such labor as it 'requires. Then, as you trouble frcm the present political eondUtoa at Ihaand for whatdemand theposi- in the btKies which protect it, and where there is a ritories. I do not suppose tbat the gre^ mass ofUnion It and inevitable,:of Statepurposes'urgesCaUfijniiaiMr Sewabd, you will re-catescountenance any infraction of Southern rights.They elected him because they did not believe hehad the slightest sympathy with any such put- that tbe should be decided the course lias taken precise and definite form, probably, inany dispositiontoM' __-—pope,—tnd because they knew that tbe public wel-question b^of events and the natural influences of climateard emigratifn. If I held any official position, or who are most active in tbemovement.itself. Thenumerous,inordertohavethemcheap. You^pro- pose, therefore, to exclude the Frontier States fromthis"which you propose to establish. Virginia andthe other Frontier States," says the Charlestonofas well at once understand their position withto those few and tone of the Federal Councils. And if ibe R3-A<'iT.inistrtiti(.'n should toleiate the leastsubject,invasion of Southern rights, the WaEHI1>GTDN expressed the sentiment of the great siderable Northern State.the vague but tbat the Sonth, as a section, hav- ing peculiar institutions and peculiar necessities, is gradually growing politically weaker andmaking no attempt to prohibit by law the exten- regain the ascendency, or even a political equality, sion of Slavery into the Territories, conceding that under the Constitution and within the Union. Thefirst elec- tions would deprive it of the support of every con-But I it as giveontouehedfurther causes of irfitatton from toe Boob, I tmiit not at all unliKety tb^ tbie North would consent motive of the dinaton-movement. That motiverntireVit at>i pc l CUk-MbW"But suppose this to be true. Suppose the incom-nection with the mother country. But Samdel you would not urge ihe secession of the Southern whole matter precisely where it stands at present, and that there is no hope that the South can ever thethat the North isonies had no thought or desire to sever their con- the election of a Itepublican Presi lent, I a>n sure ing Administration should decide to leave this gaining a preponderance in the Federal Councilsbi/dyof the people when he declared that the Col- If, therefore, you had no stronger reason thanrapidly ;the Cotton States. The Southern Sta'es ujitl dis- ilie Fort wiih ciothlni!, fiesh blankets,their counsel. intend to secede from beef and olbei necesssriis, wbicb will i Theyvagetabies;and Ji>iiE8 Otis, and John Adams, ami Vaibick HMiBY, knew rive years before, that in -States.and will beand otherIn a state ol perfectAdamp,to findBorder States in counsel with tbemnudity, bavlngbeen stripindlqrihd this liidlai^s and lett tu perish tor ten days. Ta*rhai|_-0«vefMa« eprtn- ciple of Free-trade here, the principle of State-rlgh'.s, the principle of strict conslruction, and the great fun-the hur^e, the corn and the cotton tiade are guverued will Virginia or Kentucky send slaves thither, so damtnlal principle of our right and rquality in this now, and I Insist taai there should be no nurrr dtacnm- long as their prices rule three times as high in tbe Union, and cnnsequcntly of our right tu erase from inatiiin by law against the Slave-trade than against theNot tbeBepublicanStaleCentralCommitteetojcta'ti•principleEquality,thein- And I believe it to be at the root of the disunion feeling now so prevalent in the cotton-growing States. Probably not one intbe benefit of all themember, in one of bis campaign speeches, said be principle, just as loudly as if they had been pro- tained within the Union. "I do not expect," youclaimingof thatmade up your mind that your object cannot be at-consideied it settled tbst there would be no further vided for at tbe outset. A man may have no said at Montgomery, " that tbe North, which has happened to the shipping in the har(>0T,enforcing suppressing lican Convention at Chicago held language this and sssociates in the organization and con- —melection of Lincoln isfixed fact ; and it is on this account that it has so to divide se»tl-tooae arlMmagnitude ol tbe evils which inferioritythat principle may litical paroxysms of the last tweiity years, haveisbeen but the strenuous resistance of tbe South to—of the Missouri—and not the engulfed in the rising tide of Northern power. To which the South would de- them it was not the steady and silent rising of astormy blasts of Anti-Slavery fanaticism,—and__and haada. stoat private—and the principle on lects of the Southern Slates—those to whom as inchances of increasing Slavery after disunion will be no belter than they are now. And I shall also have something to say of the position and duties of the Noriii, the true policy for the South, and the general tendencies and probable issues of the controversy which now agitates and threatens the Union.ta taelrA number of rich specimens of sUirer ore bas bee*—of enactment has been usually due to the race of pel sons or of ihmga,—and that any right of The Fathers Republic They mament, left the Battery yesterday, and wlU saU to- pBEEFOgers, friVe—asptiate the people of the Southern States.Theirthe ownership ofcanpermanent of ourupondid so. framedWestminster whobeBut be W efected by the Bepublicai Party—and take t;,.: li-r,,! j„ the movement of Disunion.wojid protect bim in so doing. Whatever I ipay do with South,—and down to 1830 there wasPa was davF Slid fniDll transactions from first,hbeyondquestion.ts.'=r,K.nturky,and not South Carolina,vene on board the staamer^lficftigan, at Erie,anJ a Cduiiiti- of th« ^orth u: o„ thisnot an abaolote, nuiiiericitl ma- sult bcnup. n .,„e 6, 1,- ',„ thiserty in the .eye of tbe Federal Constitution, and and isconsequently bepomes the subject of Commerce,— question of Slavery, in its operation upon mankinddomestic, or foreign, at tbe wUl of its owner,—sub- and labor." Mr- Calbocn taught the South that fivenobthsof bisttmeatsea, aud was unemployeJ SraDtiens.llqB'aiamAtMiTtiDersiast^ardecuUnucehoafnglead.«2TchVe»e.qfiroaltB^jority—is all that is required for the election of a Crm•tilut.o^.al fights 01 Northen, men-theiryouand must always be, tbe sole basis of°»^de- The sMps KmtHirn Vrgss and Wsngti Arrow, frm^ President. It is a maxim of l^w, inoreover, as well to "hf*, liberty and the pursuit ofas of comincn sense, appVcable to piioiic.v .wellaii .alnays been refipecl^ in ihe South r Iloof com or with foreUfU nations.be-its and that the leading aim of the prosperity,-cur's oati teat tasre are on the *«P«efof the machinery of our political contesU and as a matter of practical importance I presumeI amquitethe hea'c -quartersnow of il-e Paunrf, will transfer his wide flag, anJthe character of tbe flag ship. Tbe officers of the,.I,would be e«;hi—and then each State has au additional Statts, have never released half-a-dozen fugitives do not state the claim too broadly. Any restric- eieicised with the general assent of allLibertyA.Uuiray,Murray,Rocbelle, Surgeon, Tbos. DillonJAt:m-. from Br't/m.:;,.ruockrry of !,er s\>adndt tliat thci li.i^ bien a great deal too— much of all the States,.3^,,tune theintellectsof BatavtaSoas!.y, ^,>»i..-;i upon her rightoof thetbe two upon the same footing. All the property South have turned back the whole current has been exaggerated by the provincial Press.that u unen.=-n,. to:^f(j^ggbiUgjgInsulUngftbrinijs I do not deny K.iuthern feeling in the acthjnany Statechooses tocf Southernnomauehalltakead-Disanionlsta in the South, with you at their head, have been insuJted. We have quite as much ple would affect tbe general subject of property, .he IyearsBin-tos,cbaitw is andtheetheramtlikelytoaBrlttshportpiivstc controversies, thattujgestpointworthy yourolfrrtng.and one of tliemvantege of his own wrongUntitled DocumentlusboatcomoiaBder.:thisandthosewhoarenow youproposetodissolvetheUnionbecansi-asright h^ppioess"-WinAi ftjr"Eb(t!and continues b.-tsK.merely ccotideration, i:for lUl property, inthe rejolation twren the State'sjierce,It be saidbelow IS) frosa the Pacific squadronhave not found en^ag'ments.this continent.oicn laws cenctrning property,create, shall be recognized by the Feitral Oov- lief that it would' be administeredontae1stInst Shebroughtdownfiftymake aand rival partisans Icr loc-i! popularity. It has been property which any Slate may tec jit thuM to the Constitution uponstandemmcnt aa absolute and indefeasible.This is what you underatand by the I>inalityThey gavetion of it,—anything less than is includedhas woulddieam if sece^ion on account of tbe actual suppose it to be conceded. It follows, of course, pearance of Slavery itself. And for a series;;Wir „ul-ede-vision, which the Constitution deemed mfTicient to ara quite "sure thai none of tlie Southern States feats tbe purpose for which it is put forward. But ihc necessity providingPay master, John DeBreeeiick Van Blb^r; Captain of Marines, H. R. Birt-Utht»t>. Uo:.fe-r<!.r.:population. This from the service fiom which they had escaped. proIinit,ksElstanl-Surgeon, Frel-from these Personal Liberty that any person may do what he pleases with bisyears the event justified this expectation. prohibilion of the Slave-trade in 1S07,;Ooik.Tlie tMp ileleorawldlt cairfffbeen fully compliedinvolves not the slightest departure from the Cun billii, in the I.J3S of their fugitiire slaves; for if that property. He may hold it,atittKion in any particular. If seccaaiou were vvtre the motii e of secession it would not be most wherever tbe jurisdiction of the Constitution ex- mended by jEriiESON, was enacted with the Captain's Clerk, Wm. H. Ennis; Paymaster's Cierk,to sail>o»«lid wlta wbeatMr—least. In that tends, and tl e Federal Government is boilnd to unanimous consent of all the States North aiid Hugh Nottdo with awhere within tbe jurisdicti m of the Federal Con»" li«ve to notice. Meanwhile, the market assembled yesterday, and will endeavor to complete an appearance of weakn< nearly all the Slaveholding States. But Its labors before Thanksglvtag. It Is discusstog tae iIivljvnic.riLEsseeusUinhgrtmlolty of buyers. To;-broadcloth, you maynegroand a "stitution, if that Constitution, as you contend, since thattheyof Ibisrich in minerals af vwtsaato to tbe spirit yieldof thethirty-fivewhich aresnd before which it is idle to hope that despotismalter athatD.)rJeauiF.Ura Ad,M.nM, oa aregardedAndSlave-trade issue as certain publicsuch a and in the be- basis,day to ioln the Home Squadron.On her arrival atpn>fpeeling 000 in dust.^Si,- »N,B-W,„S„powerthe States and that all would feel, as they feltEo'lon; l.-.h, K--- ^''"'< f''"TMi' st. vhaleshlpfevj years,;ship 'offor thedisap- gradual ofleadingmerits of steam expansion, the importance ofvrtilch„lariif public oJTerlng»hicB vapged heavily at tow fiMies. J^mMUf" an new idea has sprung up, entirelywi>U S'lrtalneih-Navy Department on Monday, was a aaUve Sooi»saredroi.pUi(. Pisv^siess are gen^ ,now universal in the South, upon tbe great, without pasi- of sale and lower. Tbe^esi^ninU of BnTsi;i»«tae rank ofjt ct only to such uniform laws as may be adopted Slavery was, only two years dad two mouths. 0-' no "tae^ mand fiirHowfartbepracticalappKationofthisprinci- itperpetual.c^inion^ and devoted joursolvesthe rank of evenThe Utest date. (Nov.South roust be to fortify, to mcrease, You and others haveand to make inherited bisS2yetmust Atn^e*reTM, goagainst tbe tenden-of enemieskinds.There areCol. UoocT made a successfulSouth, resource for increasing tbe supply— ;to In majoritywhich is not (Cass, Carry, and UUaaoak'and demand. When themsjorttyfor BBsoKsmuBos lawant the negroes, then we do nut have themisFederal Government,—not one in five of those who are to day in favor ofyour safe to trust the issue, either before or after thatvcakcr in the. Union — ;maycan/claim Uw* any flow fromit banut-tsst,city, altboaghth^PoaygrtAn! tkis MUf* «e to what I regard as the N^' ''interest oT Geor- SouthCarolina,andAlabamatohavethem wasboughtforasiteonwbicbtobuildafoit.event,Slaveholding several of them are knowa to behlglt'pri«5,-^wh!!e gia,all consultation uponagency in the formation of the new ConfederacyMercury,theorganandmouthpieceyour party,iniOl'itQl'igutrawrieirseujurniuB. A tramWdsseiuoutregard Uniip,and construct a Union them- Orantie Koad, nbuut Uie 3d or 4taia-^ Tkoc—and from allCspt^'amongaieofthemustheartrendingcharacter. Tbeyspirit;Sxrrt-isinthe of the 17th eveBlngto sift and definetbem. You can command far more support for women and cblldren, on seeing.the rescuers, Ml onareFederal Government will never consent toIthinkyoua thousand times, rather than that as its alternative.New and rich discoveries of eilver are leperlad lo have been made In Harrison County. 8o*e of It. IIJohnGretn, Thus. O. SellHdgeJ. H.Chis. U.ztag Lieutenant of Cbas.Bi>at- Car-;Marines,;;Heywood Gunner, Eogeise Hack;Sallmaker,S. Bruc«;W lots weie disposed of, at*»40,., guntwat to the « 1(P Its., to fo IK) for whUe. Rta, f"^Pacific Station, whose .d«ata was aanounceilof New Ks. Java.roFFXxiskO,iDgtwentyH-otwo in 1» 1^"* Uautenant. putII e Istl.mus, sell st 3SI(C. Vthan176 persons who have spent from 20 toPony Express,which leftlust, and pa-iaed hcie sbMt t".; ; t m-r<withMr.Cliton onberwaytoPsDama,atwhichportalaotbe*»;IheWymning,board, n^Dooouss iJMt ThereturnsarenoteompteteInsevereoftbeswell as Uimcciats seeming to be fearful ofi;;BaaMfefifty huuresintheCityreqmudedlotheediafa^eduia ^ OKelalThe Tort and (Oregon) Advertiser, of the Ttb t contaJiiS ilie following Jeiter fioin C. C. Basciii^ whoofat Ibe entrance ol tbe barber of Sao Fnae^^aB,^buried alive. We can now acrouni111 the train. Mr. MTBKs,brotberof-lte' rebcued Mtbbs, started to meet bit, brutaer and fius-bodies ofhad per >hed. Mrs. Cbasi had fed upon the deadbodpThey greatly taelrbonesa'mostprotrudedthroughtaesafat ft*The wives Ibe ofiScers purchased every descriptiondispatched to tbe scene of snlTering.by tae Otter bad-' Sailed.beveryencouraging accountsU ta* far noi ta.of mtaeiati. LAsaiseBUbKUi ""^ lastpubUshedatKocMM<siBgtfar www.fultonhistory.comto theirpropaga- 