 i !I i i iIJournal pour Tous, the Journal de Dimanchc, and one or two others. They 'are sold for one and two sous the number. Several of them (I am glad toFebiuary we have been in one oontinued state of ex- by the aid of large but light aud strong vanes, driven citenwnt, owing to the war, the murders, the ravages, and the slaughter of women and children by the neigh-round and acting like a screw propeller.—Another machine lately invented in Parisand styledV.K j v K ; \ r«.- >v«)ir T»ff .q-j .••r.'jtSt• The Horn P . P . Blair, jr., has already cWnencedf stamping.the State for Lincoln and Hamlin, making hie firet Bpeech on Saturday evening, the 25th rnat., at St. Charles, of which no report has appeared. It wa« tnticrpaudthathe would assume strong Republican positiona and maintain them with his characteristic and distinguished boldness and ability. The lion is to bo bearded in his d*n, and it remains to be seen how he will endure it. *The several Republican Electors will «rova*e their reap«ctive districts. Senators Green and Polk are ex- erting themselves in bebaI£of the interests of Breckin- ridge, and carry with them a strong influence. Theyl i i f f soon havein tbe field a Bre ikimidM Electoral ticket. The Missouri Republican, whichlatete; • --s• ••.•Sbdss ;- weren^flftewFRENCHLITEJWWRE.f <»a dddinlutbitantsof PWJ^stanfly a n d l & y j p ^upon the demoralizing effects of the loj^ of moneyspection it is found to contain no gathering thread, thegathers being confined by the same hue of machineThe new instrument will bePARIS,34th.Aug.,I860.Btitching thafrhblds it to the strip of cloth to which it'orderwastobelookedJfoxinthesatiric^verses isattached.Thispeculiarity,thoughunnoticedbythepurposeB,aknowledgeofthepurityorimpurityof CorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribrtna. ;>Ce ft» J*&»*«« /faiww is the title of ja piece and power referred to above. Ihav«r been1 told,, X lately brought oat, withdrawn, or rather suppress-, do not know how truly, that immediately on: hear--yesterday's pOlhical prw^dmgs in this place have resulted in making me, what I never expected to be- come, an advocate for the election of a Republican State Ticket. l a m an American, with a record going bach tol843, when I took part in a preliminary meet- ing of native-born citizens, opposed to foreign influ-ence, and in favor of getting up a third party. I was then a Democrat, swore by Andrew. Jackson, and hated Federalism cordially. • Since that period I have been a working member of the American paity in three States, and never flinched an inch /rum its service, whether in a majority or minority. But, Sir, I have been learning, during two years past, a bitter thoughBtreet—have a steam-engine for their exclusive use— the author or translator of one or two monographs of wboleeome leaeon; that there is a worse evil in ouring of the decision of Minister, tfould, who, by. the way, " assisted" at the fata) fourth performance, M. Ponsard sought redress from the Emperor in person. >, *Be that as it-may; after a few days' suspension the play was reanwounced on the bills of the. Vau- absorbing topics of Parisian thought and talk, deville and has been playednightly ever since to crowded.applausive audiences. T have not seen it Syiia, Italy, and Rigolboche. Such is my excuse since its resurrection, but am assured by those Jor enlarging upon it. . who hare, that no alterations have been made in Ct qui plait auxFemmes is wri ten byM. Ponsard, the wippoeedly offensive political passages of the second act. . That in,;them lay the real reason, of (he censor'8 opposition to and Fould's condemna- tion of the ccniedy, I* am in perfect agreement ofbe a patentable novelty; and its beauty and cheapness . constituting indisputable utDity, a patent wasgranted to the inventor,' dated May 8, I860, for the Magic Ruffle,*i, and brought out again, at the Vaudeville. It <Rd not please the authorities of State nor the critics. Thanks to the coil they have mate about it, everybody is going to see its performaace* Allor LaryngoBcope. It consifita chiefly of-a small steel : as a " n e w article, of manumcture." The patent hav- mirror of peculiar construction, and ia designed to «n~ ing been assigned b y ! the jnventor to five persons, in- able physicians to aBcertain.the physical conditions and cludinghimself, the assignees commenced the manufac- pathological changes of the upper portions of the ture of Magic Ruffles for the market. From one ma- larynx, and of the back part of the throat, which chine and a single operator, they have increased their heretofore have only been determined by rational symptotts. Dr. Czermak has published a treatise de- scriptive of the instrument, and of the cases which he has treated by means of it. A translation of this work is in preparation by Dr. H. B. Millard of this city, a physician already well known to the medical world aslast wee* it-served as a diversion from those greatauthor of those successful didactic comedies, L'Honneurtt Vargent and La Bourse, two drama- tized vrhe essays in verse against our time's wor- ship of Mammon whichjiave added some,thirty or forty thousand dollars to the capital fan** of M., The Magic Ruffle Company nowoccupyaPonsarcU H e has written many other pieces, the $rst of whi«h was a tragedy composed on the mod- efcof CorneiDe that gained him so great reputation m 3843, that in the famous literary; war of those Says the classical party took the name of Ponsard- 5sts, as their opponents in the camp of romanticism were>tyled from their greater- chief Hugolatexs.H e if, however, no narrow-minded partisan, and if m his inaugural address on entering the Academy, he took hiapt occasion to say hard things of the dramatic irregularities of Shakespeare (whom he -would call Williams,)he also made in it the occasion ibr a generous eulogy on Hugo and Lamartine. Butr o c m . '."/':v, !,•:;••;•:;"—A department of great interest to the Americanethnologist exists in the Archeological Museum of Co-penhagen. ItcompriseB two rooms, and is atyled theCabinet of American Antiquities. It haa been in pro- agogues, and I'm disposed to be thankful for my as at all probable. cess of formation since 1838, its first nucleus havinghe has always hitherto preached for and practiced lately at one of its most frequented-theaters, which the classic forma. H e has a natural talent for ver- even the feuilletonists found so indecent as to defy sification which he has studiously cultivated ac- all their wordy skill at describing by even vailed al- cording to the most approved French proc- lusion—there is at this very time, begun before cetrigues.Where do I find these two men now ?Millard Fillmore encourages a coalition of the rem-so largely attended as tbe meetings held daring the late State ana Congressional canvass, and was les8 enthusU aBtic. The evening wa8 beautiful and extremely fa-vorable.The meeting was addrctxed by several gentlemenesses; he has not poetic genius nor dramatic genius. Had. he been born in England a hundred years ago, he would have contributed admirable moral and satirical essays in prose and verse to the wealth of Engliah literature iu that kind, and probably have had a quite correct tragedyor two reputably damned at Covent Garden, and now reprinted not to be read in the frequent edi- tions oiThis complete works. His compositions for the stage lack life and movement and sustained vigor of style; they are constructed more than in- frared, " made rather than born," didactic rather than dramatic; but hitherto they have been unex- ceptionably correct, strictly " according to the yaks" and self-consistent.Ce qui plait aux Femmes is a piece, really three pieces, defiant of the rules and of M. Ponsard's former self, strung loosely together by a slight thread of plot. The first act is in prose, and pro- vokes unfavorable comparison with Octave Feud- ist's fashionable comedies. There is. a young widow countess, beautiful, rich, blasee, tired almost to death with herself and nothing to do, and nu- merous suitors. H e r cousin Goutard proposes that she give each of them a day to amuse her—to the one who succeeds best she shall give Her hand. The scheme is approved by all parties. Cousin Goutard will make his trial last. The others " devise devices" of wmch we have the programmes only (not verycreditable to their ingenuity or sense of refinement), except that of M. de Nertas, who will get up a theatrical entertainment at his chateau for the sole entertainment of the eimuy£e Countess. This entertainment fills the second act. It is a fairy play that instantly provokes comparison with Mid- summer Night's Dream. The scenery is beautiful, and so are the young actresses and dancers, withhighly ornamental and succinct robes', who are tothe "wild-wood, lieges of Titania as the prettily-dressed, prettily-mannered children in the Tuileriesto the unadorned laughing, girls of Typee. Thepolished verses that the academician puts into theirmouths, tasteful, graceful,'moral and satirical, areas foreign to the idioms of fairyland warbled in na-tive wild notes through Shakespeare's fantasy, asthe pretty shallow stream that takes its rise in thequi plait auxfemmes, and likely to outlast the vogueof M. Ponsard's piece, a farce playing at the Palais nees abroad. •Gen. Clark or He'psr resolution notoriety. The Gen- Temple of. Ceres, at Eleusis, baa been completely un- chievous demagogue whom he stigmatized as the eral d^es not seem to have arrived at a consoioueoesg ofChaiQot pump and pursues it* disciplined coursethrough the Bois Boulogne to the trout brook iu the tane pamphlets—which suppresses first and prose-0 —Albert Pike, tbe poet and politician of Arkansas, issatire than to suit her own purposes, she offers her-self to M. Olivier, under different shapes, in an alle-euepenticn, steadily but quietly make their way Isle of Wight and AlverBtoke on the main land, whichBkulk the British tax question, norwhush up" agita-give 200 votes to Lincoln.LaBruyere,PopeandSamuelJohnson.Letaloneftuilletonisthelowerpartofthecolumnsofmost the month-piece, and the " remarks" are admirable.And although the satire is general, all Paris instant- French political newspapers, where is printed in ly made particular application to the persons and daily portions a novel—in nine cases out of ten athority, MT. R. V.Tuson, eayBthat t'ae substarce ob- tainedfrOm lead coffins, owing to the gradual decom-—ApaseageinBock18,chap.30,ofPliny'sNatural SlaverybesettledwhileIlive."Ifournoblebiood- History would seem to indicate that reaping machines cemented Confederacy is not atrong enough to bear the were known in ancient times, and that, too, among a rudest ehocka, let us, aa good patriota, know the fact,Alexander Sheldon of Randolph.policy of the present regime of M. Ponsard's vig- orous tiiades against the demoralizing influence of the love of gold and the love of power. The third act brings us back to prose, and Paris and£oor-novel, whether it be judged by. an immoral terary critic, or by an unliterary moral critic— which in more than four case«j out of five is in con- tradiction with the teachings of the superior editori-—There were two large and most enthusiastic Re- publican meetings in Newark, on Wednesday evening. . "Of reaping itself there are various methods. In And, outside ef thia Slavery issue, I have other rea- Oce took place at Oraton Hall, the other in the Tenth bonates of lead. It was found during the search for the broad plains of the Gaula, enormous machines, 6ona for refusing to vote for the Douglaa-Old-Lins- Ward. At tbe former, William Bross of Illiuoie, and the remains of the celebrated John Hunter, in 1855, in with teeth eet in a row, placed on two wheels, are tbe Hon. Robert Schmsk of Ohio, made speeches. Atprose, as I said, and provokes comparison—no longer unfavorable to M. Ponsard—with the melo- dramas of the Boulevards. To pass from the litera- ry to the historical vkw of the piece.AN IMPORTANT INVENTION.Sciences that he has made some experiments upon frogs tion has been aroueed. Some of those fair-akinned men of De Kalb and Steuben over those of John savages have been caught. One in this county hasinclosed in plaster of Paris, to test their asserted te- beenThung, and I hear that eeveral in Tarrant have Mitchel, who enlist to fight the Pope'a battle agiinat nacity of life when abut out from the air. He has shared the same late {can't say whether it be true or Garibaldi and liberty. Stephen Douglas may preach found them alive after having been so inclosed for a riot); but a very reapecteble Vigilance Committee/con- up hia Squatter Sovereignty, while he raises negroeethe jaise suspicion.Another story goes that Minister Fould, who, by virtue of Ms office, is in his own rather improper person the final court of appeal and decision in allgathering was considerably expedited by its use; but tnde, urged by their instinct of travel, would betake with Mr. Douglas (continued Mr. Bnrlingame). on the elavo-plantation can't ring true Americana up to vote employ ed them. I con. ider tttat oueasure wrong inprin- in making ruffles, puffs, and many other kinds of themselves to tbe path just menti >ned. Being contin- occasion of his first late visit to Boston. Mr. Douglas for Stephen Douglas, neither can the .silver tongue ciple and mischievous in polcy;;.a wanton and wicked'theatricalmitten, assentedtothestagepublicationd M. Ponsard's comedy, conditioned on the verdict vention, however, renders the process as simple andANU ANAMERICANFOIU;VEK. THE,CANVASS IN MISSOURI.Fwri* and whohasreadtheprecedingparagraphs,wiB readily see that it might have been on purelygreat variety of uses.Except in its perfection and theuniformityof itsatniotpbere, so as tu allow of fcheir. examination by meanaoftheniiorosoope. He succeedsinconcentrat-member of the Ohio State Senate from 1847 to 1819, andoneoftheframeraofthe new>Constitutionofthei.-.-i.^—..-.^^ftWWI oouoelved withun- an ambitious intriguer;inff the bill upon the oountry, though it had not beenwork.gravitation to act ae the restorer of the dis- At Worcester and Wroxeter eimilar diacoveries have no aeneible German would think the leas of freedom, and Republican farmers. It is intended to escort Mr.composed equilibrium. The author then describes been lately made, and in all three instances nuiierous Seward from the rifilroad at St. Johns with a caval- or withhold hie votes fr >m your nominee. But, you,>'-. i#t/y^.(>/)v<'iV^»'»V'"—•'''•''.^yys wPGIITIGALopinionwith the overwhelmingmajority of Parisians.It would seem that the -Emperor has overridden Fould and ins subordinates. A number of similar. cases have occurred within the past ten years. But, to keep up appearances, the Administration has pretended as an explanation of: its opposition to the play—what do you think ?.• Why, of all things, its immorality, which has been discovered in the crude realism of the third act.' It cannot be denied that M. Ponsard's prose, in the third act, does not hesi- tate to call a spade a spade. It is not difficult to conceive a purified stage to which its plain repre- sentation of facts would be properly refused ado^s- 8ion. But here and JQOW, in Paris, I860! j Why— not to make a general review of the Paris stage, not to allude to an eminently successful farce played8re manufacturing^froin 10*000to 12,000 yards of ruf•. great ability. It will beissued in October.fling a day, and will continue to increase their businessae rapidly as they can teach operators, until 500 girisare employed, this being the full capacity of theirmidst than Foreign Influence, and that is Native Polit- timated tbat the comparative strength of the several ical. Corruption.' Yesterday's " State Council," parties wfil in November be nearly equal, renderbur the reeult very uncertain. rrepresenting nothing but aelfishnees and venal- Tit* Missouri Dem-ocrat. eeveral daya ago boldly de- ity, finished up my studies under Ameircan dem- clared the possibility of carrying the State for Lincoln and Hamlin. Such an event is not however, regardedRoyale, entitled Les Mcmoires de Mimi Bamboche, which—the less said about it in a directly descrip- tive way the better. Enough to say that it is sug- gested by.the Memdres de Rigolboche. Rigolboche ?s one. of the g'hirls of Paris, a degradation of the Lorettes, in respect of whose lives^—though heaveu and the other place know they make no mystery of them—Parisian curiosity seems to be insatiable. Relating to her and her like there is. a whole cloa- cme literature which, to be just, is not a whit lower morally, and very little lower artistically, than four-fifths ,of the romances of the so-called realistic school, of Which last " F a n n y , " lauded byAdventurers are already in fringing the American patent, by the manufacture of ruffles, which they offer to the trade under different names, but so far they find few merchants who do not choose a legitimate businessauthor of all our political troubles.Eraatu8 Brooks aecretly plot8, and openly combinesMinister Billault of the Interior sent forth a montht h w'•^A\«£ " #*. ffisass*^ ^$&'<¥-' 's^m^m•:'••<•• - m '"-'' ,-.v..-. '0$%... +.',>xl<$..>i->*''i'*'~- ••casual observer, .was decided by the Commissioner totbe atmo'sphere is deemed desirable.-—Dr. J. N. Czermak of Peath has inventedjajipvelmedical instrument which he styles KeklJcopfspiegelScHE^BCTAny, Aug. 29, I860.'business as rapidly as machines could be constructed and operators taught, their orders for the goods having been constantly in advance of production.ySSSSSESSSt ^the opinion of fair-minded men who have analyzed thepolitical eleaente of tkis M f e that the IrowfcgsS} the Democratic party here will not cooperate, anTthat the contest will be gtraigbt-out quadrangular It ia es-room ipolby,''80 ieet in a new building on Houston rThe demand for these goods, variously estimated by merchants, at from $500.OOfeto $1,000,000 anuually, makes them an important ariScle of merchandise...,The inventors, having secured patents throughout Europe'for both the machine and its product, disposed of a small interest to an enterprising business man, who is now in England for the purpose of establishing manUfaeturing companies, both in that country and Prance, each of $500,000 capital, after which he will dispose of the patent, or otherwise develop the busi- ness, ih the other countries on the Continent. This gentleman is a partner in an old importing house of a neighboring city, aid has had much experience in busi-education. The advance of Republican sentiments in Missouri In 1856 I behoved in Millard Fillmore and Erastus is no doubt very rapid and permanent, and providential Brooks, as exponents of National Americanism. I circumatancea may so favor Republican progrewi, and .weaken the divided and distracted oppos'ng political followed the former, in denunciation of Stephen A. element?, aa to place Missouri at oj.ee wb^re destiny any similar collection on this aide of the ocean. Ar- Douglas as the man who had. opened a Pandora's box plainly indicates she must before the lapse of maiyrangements have been made, through Mr. de Raasloff, of mischief through the repeal of the Missouri Com- years take t>er place;the Danish Minister in this country for an exchange of promise. I stood by the latter, as the champion of ; Tbe Dougla* Democracy held a mass meeting ia thisrather than endanger their credit and means in an ille- mentioned by Cicero in hie letters—a magnificent stalue gal traffic. "We are informed by a member of theRuffle Company that, as there is no summary process of Antinous, the favorite of the Emperor Adrian, whichby which patent pirates can be enjoined, they are now wants only the left arm, and a cubic altar, standing inactively preparing for a longand tedious suit with these its original place, and bearing on its front the inscrip- tion, AXAIOI. In Prance, the systematic excava-fellows. . tions which have been in progress for some time past •—Mr. Thos. Hopkins, an English meteorologist, has at Vienne, in the Department of leere, are still con-ries with him great avoirdupois weight, and is a man ofgorical way, as the love of gold, the love of power,Ac, declaiming in excellent verses against the false or more ago a circular to the prefects, the drift of through the pores of the lead, and by the same process cable has the remarkable peculiarity of being uninsu- tion about " stamp dutieB." They said, boldly, whenseductions of her own charms—the most didactic of which was to commend and enforce the correctidh to the open air, so that at the end of fifty or a hundred lated, and of having neither india-rubber nor gutta- feiries, whose favorite authors must be Boileau and and suppression, in the interest of public morality, years nothing remains but a few dry bones, although: percha in its composition.—It was a great masa meeting of the Republicans which was held at Little Valley, N Y., last Saturday. aa an American, "Let the que8tion of Liberty and There was an imposing display of Wide-Awakes, and speeches were made by A- G. Rice of Ellioottville, the Hon. Reuben E. Penton of Chautauqua, the Hon.of the corrupting roman-fcuilhton. The roman- the coffins themselves are still uninjured. Another au-al columns. Beside the roman-fcuUlcton of thethe play proper, which Mile. Marquet'a verses, regular political journals, to which it is attached a§ the vaults of the Church of St. Martin;s-in-the-Fields,Loco-foco-Whlg ticket, with one fishy American on it,driven through the standing grain, a horse being at- as a decoy-duck. I believe thatthe triuriiph of Douglae the latter Dr. L Griener, M. T. Hard, and Samuel H.and the beautiful scenery, and a bewitching ballet had quite driven out of our minds. Cousin Goutard now makes his trial of what best pleases women. He takes the rich, courted, hap- py, •' bored-to-death" lady of high society UD six pair of stairs into a garret-room, where sits shiver- ing in her last unpawned cotton gown, a young girla burnt almond, gratis, for the sake of attractingsubscribers, there are a large number of non-politi-cal journals, whose chief attraction is in the ro- foil,of lead.mances they publish, and the most of whose pub-lished romances are less distinguished by anyliterary merit than by one of the two surest ele-ments of popular success—gross realism and Hen. W . Bland of New South Walea. It ia to be a lubricity or_mad piling up of stirring incidents and light, keel-formed, shiplike body, buoyed up by ansticking herself to death in desperate effort to paythe overdue rent of this bare den. The p o r t e ^ L moncipr 0 r maa pumg up oi sxping inchardly richer than herself, has given her h u m a ^ ^ T ^ ^ 1 ^ , There are published in Paris more than elongated balloon, having two heavy weights'guidedof the artHicee by * ,'nirutelf at the esp .hie countrv. Eveand such poor help as she could, barely sufficientthus far to keep her from toppling .off the-brink ofstarvation into death, or a worse abyss. Friends inpetticoats, the unofficial but well appointed procur-ing attorneys of the present social state, have visitedt h ^ w e e W £ * n d Bemi-weeJdy journals,, ©ainly de by a rope sluDg from stem to stern for the purpose of runder date of Aug. 2, aays:Foul murders; killing, and fighting, are entirely ofbilta, and Belmonta. and all tbe hungry, ravenous, bogus Americans, who ring dinner-belle for Douglaeiteher in her destitute condition, as the devil did StAnthony, provoking her to sell herself out of such say the best of them) have a circulation of more thanpoverish our State Treasury, cheapen our Canal-j for Committee, and am authorized to say tbat ao member of it give* boring eavagee. But their'.most intense hostility has Central Railroad purchite, debaee our free-school credence to the tel. graphic dispat-h auuounciu« the withdrawalmisery, -with brilliantly-contrasted prospectuses of 100,000 copies per number. The fact that a one soubeen oirected to our live stock; hundreds and I may a navigable balloon, if we may believe Galignani, has say thousands of horses have been killed or carried off by them; and euch has been the apathy of people at aaystem, strengthen the Jeauit Hughea, and hie eecret emieearies, and give Americanism a vital stab in theof Gen. Sam Houston as a candidate for the Presidency. The statement was dcubtlew fabritSated for Influence on the Confer-the luxurious lives, which Rigolboche and company journal needs to have a> sale per number ol about 25,000 copies to pay its expenses, and that a twodrive through in publicly-admired open caleches. sous journal needs a yet larger circulation (they are The poor girl's noble spirit has risen strong aboveplay and the cloacine literature of the day. •—M. Seguin writes to the French Academy of<;Ruffles have been worn from time immemorial; but period of eleven years. Of several enveloped in plaster sisting of citizens of this county and Bosque, have on hie first wife's plantation and goes to mass with his spent nearly a week in investigating the cases of onemetre of atmosphere.-Valuable in- facjQitating microscopic analyses of the airIPTEELLI^ENCRinhoBprtale and other localities, where for hygienicA FREE-SPOKEN AMERICAN.been a collection of archeological curiosities brought by aome Danish men of science from Greenland. The collection is probably larger and better arranged than,specimen8 with the American Ethnological Society. The authorities of the Museum propose, at no distant period, to publish an atlas of American archeology.American religious independence against Romish in- city on Saturday evening l«et. The meeting was not—Several recent archeological discoveries have beenJules Janin and St. Benose, is a model specimen—aswearisome, happily, to English readers as it is dis-gusting!. The immense sale of the Mcmoires de J?£-gblboche has provoked the rapid production of nu-merous books similar in subjects. I looked into thepages of one of these at bookseller Legras' the otherday. It purported to be the lives or what not of Cesdames JMalakoff, and a half dozen others, the rivalsin infamy,of the envied Rigolboche. Facing thetitle-page is a photograped groupe of three excess-ively ugly creatures, of whom Malakoff is thechief. I could get through with but three briefpages of the book; it was mOre dull than indecent.But M. Legras tells me that he has sold.in a weekmore copies of it than he has sold of La Legeude desSiecles since the publication of Victor Hugo's last disturbing power in the aerial ocean, and leaves extending together over an area of two or three acres. have a united opposition in every Nortiern State, and another two acres, and BO tbroagh the list of eatablester) to sit through; while the Rigoldebauchery isunrestrained in print, M. Ponsard's play offends themoral sensibility of the dramatic censors and Achille ward as currents. These currents are declared to be performed by John Tyndall, F. R. S., in Decemberi more, a Chrittian oneP I know, too, that the Douglasway; iftbis corrupting 'license of the 6tage and thepress were but the necessary evil flowing from a free press, a free stage, fair play and no favor, it—John Van Buren say8 tbat Caggar & Co. com- Dights at Montanvert, and determined with a theodolite and contrary to the Constitution, which gives Coi'grecB fused with the Know-Nothings, the moat violentwould be, however painful and deplorable, no fair takes p'ase. Apparently exceptional cases are ex- ground of accusation against the Government. Buta regime which claims legally, and exercises prac- ticably, the right of forbidding the circulation of bibles, of biographies of Garibaldi, and ultramon-nents, which sometimes force the .moving masses of water to deviate fr^m the couree pursued by the wind which urges them forward.vault of the Aveiron, and found a turbid Btreim issuing from it, indicating that even in Winter the motion of the glacier along its bed, by which the rocks over which it passes are ground, is never suspended. Experimentstic party it«elf, in every Northern State, and that it is only kept f.-om expression by the Irish element of the Democratic orgam'za ion, which ia Pro-Slavery, or from-religious compulsion and natural servility.—The Breckinridge men in Alabama claim that they—The exterior of more than 22,000 coffins in theInto Vaudeville elf-land*comes no Bottom, but a and Larroque's profound philosophy, and Abo ut's church-vaults of London, and the contents of a very, made by Mr. Tyndall on the color of the sky furnishprees on them with such violence as to force them for-me, tbat your leading idea of "Freedom national, and Slavery sectional" is an American one, and what'sBlack Forest. cutes afterward. Proudhon's sincere blasphemy,"well-bred young French gentleman named Olivier, sparkling persiflage; Victor Hugo's' impassioned large number, were not long since examined further confirmation of the fact that the blue of the atory about dissolving our Glorioua Union. I don'tprotests in favor of humanity, Montaiembert's by Mr. Walker Lewis. The result of his researches firmament is due to reflected light, and the mornihgand seeking love in general, with whom the Queen of fervid argument, and Veuillot's bitter polemics— leads him "to recemmend that the use .of leaden evening red to tranemitted light.the Fairies is in love particularly. Evidently more a regime which .sets itself up as the responsibleto gratify M. Ponsard's tastee for moralizing and editor of all French printed matter. burial-casee be entirely discontinued. He saye that —Mr. W. P. Pigott has laid and satisfactorily day arid.generation. If there be an approaching crisis,tinued, and are yielding to the museums' of the Empire mary specimens of ancient art, chiefly of bronze andeverybody North and South who does not accept what he calls the doctrines of non-intervention. Henderson speaks with school-boy vehemence, and makes free usepoei'ion of the bodies within them, is carbonate of lead people BO lacking in civilization as the Gaula. The and not leave ita discovery to our innocent posterity.—that it is anhydrous, contains but a small excess of oxyd, and hence differs in composition from other car-passage, li'erally translated, reads:That's my Americanism 1that rxnmy leaden coffine had been converted interiorlyinto this substance, leaving only a thin outer plate or attaching horses. Thus, the grain, being cut off, falls, every tax-paying citizen up to the tender mercies ofBaldwin were the orators. ,—On the 24th it at. a lively Republican meeting waeheld in Nashville, HI. A beautiful banner was pre-7 with the apofls of New-York City—your Woods, your 8«nted to the Lincoln Club, accompanied by a ebarmingspeech fiom Mis* Kate Kennedy, when addresses were rane, your Purdya, your Laws, your Connollys, your made by Richard Yates, Judge Puller, and ;tbera. I tin said that Washington County, irhich gave Fremont 257 votes, will give Lincoln m .re than 600.—Tb,e subjoined letter which we nave just received, »<*"« »«' •"" «' »<TM«« »« '^ - » " BOaltering the center of gravity of the machine as to too frequent occurrence in this part of• the country. I banquets. I believe the success of Tammany aud seems to us to teke a reasonable and just view of the—An ingenious method of constructing an atmotic Bhip for aerial navigation has been proposed by theBoole-Japaneee Committees, your Kellya, your Coch- A correspondent, writing from Erath Qmnty, Texas, Pursers, your Charlocks, your Cloveys, your Vauder-:•cumbonts whith t reputation, mav n cession of the me only reliarcft.will,p e n d i l l n g f o r t t h h e i l r r R s u c c e s s < o > n n t t l h i s k k i ! i n d ( o f l i l r i r t t e r Ar a f t u r r eAmong them are^honorable exceptions, like the direct ita motion upward or downward at pleasure, would to Heaven we had less of it. Ever since, lastCorniDg would set freeh political jackals loose, from case:Buffalo to New-York. In two years they would im- I\i i*4 Editor tf TJu N. Y. Tribun*.•'•TheHon.Hvr^ —Mr. jJamei IThe Atlanta Co»JYancey, who hi»depeech at the writ -till near the c!o*<*, «k>wing manner o" I have caret a Syet I shall not beopiniots and act* < foul mouthed . ixn whose heart, ihroious and elnsoVi' -differ with hi'tnYancey of Ala! ^ s i and intend to trrnr I desire peace * .dregard the feei i J? without knowit r self, if necetaary,—Some exciten> vannah. Gs., by t R. Jackeou'ai2« following Utter m Cot'ffJi racy of tbHOXVKI i. <L\ the abo'e have ern Rigbt^* p;.rtj eis), the sulscnb tiou in <Jfrorgij«. i chee river, sevt r;i from Augu*4a by body to come aud uotuii g buf hi» i could induce bjitu Railroad, from, the acres of laid t£ntl' bag of co'ton.to ti* bered pine laiid w now willing to sel ern prcstitttiiott; ! have fallen info be prote<tc»e men'wuijure n*—tbe fOtt posed,te reoptmuf latter the paid andhunt up and rr> *e« bis father ana una*u time, wereerK #Now j having no ft such leaders, 11^< at a bargain, to t»t< Yankee or an;, on man, oxe to-u GoverurrTent 1 ar enlightened by 1'.^i«asury.$<arbSrv', Cc/inTo this Mr. J» a Savannah pa[ «" P o r v a r i o u s than myself u> a1and to cause it to move onward in any desired direction'P*SH ^ SIK: I havejuat com© from a mwljiig of the Hotimton Statealready proved; itself a success. That journal states distance tbet they have seemed to regard the accouuts hou8e of its friends. And what for? Way, to let ence Coot/mittee of Bell aud Everett men who yesterday at- that a small model of this new candidate for the honors of our perils as delusive etoriea. It is true that our tempted, without »ucce»», a fusion with the Breckinridge Elec-so she is working and starving when the unhappy, exist, indicates all that I would wish to state in Emperor in the court-yard of the Tuileries. The bal- and so badly officered, that they have done little or no atee! New York, Aug. 30, 1860. A. J. H. WJGANNE. unamused, quite miserable fortunate dame du monde reference to the appositeness of M. Billault's circu- loon is somewhat in the form of a whale, worked by a good, many of the officers of the regiment seeming to Now, if I am obliged to choose between two classes —We learn that Egbert T. Smith, esq., ex-member m led to her. The Countess sees, questions, listens; lar to the prefects. The circular was issued the 1st miniature Bteam-ehgiue, which causes a set of paddle regard the whole affair as either visionary/useless, or of our adopted citizens, aa fellow-politicians, I avow of the Legislature bos received tbe regular People'slearns the existence of sufferings she had never sus- of July just past. A highly commendable cir- wheels to revolve, and is made to act in any direction as an electioneering Bcheme., And, as the thing haspected; the scales fall from her eyes; the hard cular, so far as the moral spirit of it is concerned, by meitna of a novel sort of rudder at. one -of the ex- gone off, it has proved an effectual call for all the grand my eelf in favor of " the Dutch!" They are not priest nomination for Member of Congress iu the 1st Districtthe frail, wasting body, and-with the unbroken force all "illustrated" with more or less original andGovernor ordered out Minutemen Rangers-aud a Regi- "the Irish" get the better of "the Dutch." Thafa tors. You may reat asaured that Gen. Hotuton it not OK man to «f virtue cowed down the «hamed tempters. And meritorious wood cuts), and that so many of them of atmospheric navigation has been inspected by the ment of Cavalry, but they were BOalow getting along, the Americanism of Erastus Brooke arid his associ- datrt hit friends. Youn», obedientlj, • •aheB of emotionless indifference from her heart, the political spirit of it being left out of sight. villians and horse thieves to gather in for their share of ridden, they are opposed to despotism in all ahapes, aawhich beats again quick and warm with throbs of Practically, there is no proof that anything good has tremities. The machine was kept steadily at a hight the booty. As the vultures gather around a carcass, or Tom. Jefferaon was, and they are too intelligent to find human sympathy; she is ashamed of her past self; yet come of it. As a mere fact, more or less clear, of eome yards, where it was made to execute different as the wolves follow in the wake of Buffaloes, »o the fault with an American for loving his native country,of thia State, composed of SufFlk, Queens, Richmond, and the rural portion of Kiugs. County. A etrong Houstan feeling is said to be awaking among the Democratic masses of the District! We understand tbat tie District was fully repreeeoted in the Conven-tion, and tbat Mr. Smith i8 about to take the stump.— Twenty-five hundred of the Republicans of Cumberland County, Maine, met together at Gray Corner on Tuesday. Too Hon. Wm Pitt Peasenden and Governor Merrill made powerful speeches, and Wide-Awaie8 turned out in the evening, making a brilliant display. •—On Monday eveuitga beauiiful banner was pre- sented to tbe Wide-Awake Club of the First Ward of Portland, Me. Mi-8 Augajta B. Beckett made the-it was but bare justice to mention its existence in maneuvers, among which were Bailing in a circle aud the holy fire of charity kindles new feeling, new connection with what I had to say of M. Ponsard's a stoppage before the windows of the Empress.rogues have come here. ,White men have come in and taken the places of the as every good man should, better than any other. H Ifierce Comanches and the prawling Caddoe. But the am to be enrolled on the voting list with any body ofire and indignation of the more hardy and honest por- foreign-bOrn citizens, I shall choose the brave country-fife. Happy now in woman's truest sphere, thedoing of good works, she with true womanly gener-osity awards to Cousin Goutard, the successful dis-coverer of ce qui plait aux femmes, her hand and SCIENCE, INDUSTRY, AND INVENTION. woman'* heart. The third act of the play is insfagic Ruffles," or ruffles made by magic, are a mod- nearly fifteen years since, he etiU has two left, which of the principal rogues, Tucker by name. This Tucker second; and I say nothing. But wl en Eraetua Brooks The Committee of Censorship were unanimously ern invention. The old lady in her frilled cap, two he desires may be opened in the presence of the Acad- they have turned over to the civil authorities, he hav- and his fellows awallow all their obligations, as they opposed to granting it their exequatur for the stage. generations ago, could hardly have believed that her emy. M. Seguin's high scientific character m vouched ing made a clean confession of the whole thing. The did a, Dutchman at Uutica last year, and go in to help I t is said, with probability enough, that it was let granddaughter would, by the assistance of mechanism for by several of the Academicians. In the same letter examination of the others has been deferred un il they Bishop Hoghee's friende tea poriiion where they can" In certain ponds lying upon my estate of Pontenay arefcomebig rogues up near the Indiana under the Buffalo, locofcco Preecott of Herkimer, Geo. O Jonea,may be seen, at certain periods of the year, myriads of guise of Indian traders who receive these hundreds prolonged the exercises till a late hour,'the Wigwamtadpoles blackening the surface of the water. Once, and thousands of horsea and run them off to Missouri and Murpby of the Albany lobby, Douglas Levien. remaining crowded till tbe end— Toe i)llowiog l*Ut-r from the Breckinridgeand steam, be enabled to make ruffles at the rate-of he broaches a new theory to account for the frequentHeaders of this correspondencetQSay recollect that two yards a minute, and of more perfect workmanship preterded showera of frogs. He writes thus: we here are only acting on the little rogues. There gade K. N.'s aa Abe. 8mith of this city, Macomber of behalf of the company. Then addresses and musicpass by intervening permiAsion of the Emperor.speech of presentation, and S C. Lovell responded onwhen La Bourse was brought outin 1856, it drew than it is possible to produce by hand.down upon the author a highly complimentarypri- Two brothers in thia city are the owaers of a patentvate letter, written for publication, from the Em-j*ror, -who was then glad of all auxiliaries to the for an attachment to the sewing-machine, which bids at a time of great moistnre, I saw in a footpath of and Kansas and dispose of them. These are the fel- (the Englh-h Bubject, who took obligations aa a K. N.,fair to prove more valuab e tban any other of the four applying, to restrain and reprove the extravagant hundred patented improvements on the original inven-spirit of speculation. And since I have recalled tion.this incident, I should say that M. Ponsard, who is ' Through the combined genius of these hundreds oflows we want to get hold of.—It ia stated in The Bangor Union that Mr. Bur- City Inspector's office with Irish Democrata), Johnmeasures which he had then already for a year beenabout. 300 meters in. length by one meter in breadth, leaning to. a small, pond, a multitude of little frogs ahout the size of a bean, continually leaping about; In a calculation Which I made as exactly as was possi-and now makes apuriona reports aa telegraphic agent for the Associated Presa), Geo. Morton (who tilled yourcandidate for Governor of New-York, though written tix years ago, ia intonating at the present crisis, as showing hisfteling towatd Mr. Douglas, and his opin- ion of the litn«a8 of the *.', Little Sucker" for the Presi- dency : ." Nxw.' YOKK, Friday, June &), 1854. "MY DKAR SIK: YOU judged correctly aa to mya most honorable and self-respecting man, was patentees, the gewing-macbine had gradually ap- ble, under the circumatances, I found that each square never but once suspected of selling his pen to power. meter contained from oneto three hundred of theselittlelingame of Massachusetts used the following language in a recent speech in that city:Riker, and policy Parkea of New-York, and other well- known at d marked toola of Pete Cagger and Fernando Wood, are now plajiug "follow my leader," into rot-proached perfection, until the variety of work to which .animals, which would give a total for the whole apacejChat was in 18J&, when he was appointed to the k was adapted had nearly equaled that of the needle of between thirty and forty thousand. I considered quent private interviews with Mr. Douglas, in hia own ten old Tammany, I tell you, Sir, I want to be countedpostoflibrariantotheSenate. He settledthe thattbehostsOftadpolesgeneratedintheponds,fol- house. OnthoseoccasionsMr.Douglasfreelymadeopim<nabout«heNebraakabillrecentlyroroedthrough matter by resigning his well-paid office, and chal- and thimble of the seamstress. Stitching, hemmiDg, lowing tbe action of general law, would be transformed uee of expreBriona of the deepest indignation against out. And eo will tbe genuine Americana of this Slate Cougrt-fs, by nreans Which, however creditable to thelenging to duel the journalist who had propagated and cording' were dote with great rapidity> and even into fi ogs at about the same moment, and this m'ul i- Southern dictation. I also had a private interview tell you at the polls, next November. The bell of a ingtnuiy can never r*dou»d to the honor of thoee whe*gaihered fabrics, the ordinary process, even with a sewmg-machine, is a alow and tedious one, reqairiag muchmanipulationandgreat care. Thislastin-ually in motion, a heavy wind or hurricane might easi- ly seize them, and carrying them to a great distance would naturally give rise to the belief in showers of frogs."then made UBO of this language: ' Burlingame, I am elected Senator for eix years: I have got Joe Lane's head in a basket, and shall soon have Slidell's, Bright'a, andFitch'a. Won'titboaaplendidsight,Burlingame,of, a Brooks wheedle them down to Biahop Hughee'arepudiation of compromise* wfcich the South was bound by eveiy obligation of honor to maintain. > It must re- sult in reproducing angry aud dangerous agitations of tueSlavtryqmswon,tu»d«raspectsoa'cul.tedtode- p»ive our t-rcihren at tbe South of many friends who nave hen tofore stood by tbem. and desiredI to do so al- ways. Ihaveneia>.rrU»ewu^aar.^^ttoimpuga th* motives of many who supported the bill; but I c*n- n o t r e j e c t t h e * w p l e a n d c c i c l u a i v c f v i d e u c e t h a t i t i s—An instrument, described at length in "the journal to see MoDougal returned from California, Baker from Oregon, and Douglasand " Old Abe " all at Washing- oi the pohlic. Be that as it may, the piece was rapid as plain sewing. It has not yet been applied to of the London Microscopical Society, haa been devised to togethet—•for the next President ia to come from Il-brought out tho first week in August, was applaud- family machines, but has been used by the proprietors by M. Pouchet, the French microscopiat, for concen-e d a n d h i s s e d , a s a n y o n e w h o i s I n t h e s l i g h t e s t d e - f o r s e v e r a l m o n t h s p a s t i n t h e m a n u f a c t u r e o f a n e w t r a t i n g , u p o n . a n , i n f i n i t e l y m i n u t e s u r f a c e , a l l t h e s o l i d ,gree mce^uainted with the state of literary parties in kind of ruffles for the market, which are applied to a. and no/mally invibjble cbrpusculeB floating in theCorre»pondtfi»c© of TlioN^y. Tribune•", •'.Hlerarygrounds; andafter the fourth representa-tion was withdrawn by order of Minister Fould. I gathers, the Magic Kuffle yerj nearly resembles the ing upon a glaafl, and within a space of two Bqnare State, has come out for Lincoln and Hamlin. His de- friends and advocates of Republican principles every- such intell gtnt Kurthern members aaal^e^i ia thrust-*iow, Ithink J may Mtfely say that of the 1,5W,W0 J old article worn by our grandmo:h«n; but on close in-millimetres, all the parades disseminated in a cubicfection ia a tevere blow to the Democrat!'.WM&In this respect u table than I, wi " is one oi imending those Nebraska bfll, s Maurice, Wheel it, I return my t"I wasinEn; I did not return, wan no occairfen ence to ptevctf gret that it did n these true D e w identified «nc*>, •wish they n*<* " anlicting the cot when we aid*enough of**)*** <me <*ntnry at tbe party had i strongly labored jnent of their cc eire and aim. I11 My princip!< cannot and vriii cratic party, tboi of trickster* r.u stood by the 2** South to stand frj have not done so" enmity of the Ai orable maa-shotx! the coldne*s or ih port of whese ix wardaof poHticd results a t d p<w8 course of the'So' make us i werv*: hereto thednty" ua will give th«? i tending Slav#Tv, right which b*lo" It mu*t have men whom we b 1847 to 1853, «od of Pretidential greater conce#«n< did claim, and to advent of afdei'sa theee pretender* you and 1 had al in ignoble eagorr, the paternity oi attributed. Son* received into fa. adopt their new s thia, and por*..-; i tbe eariiett oppor with them. I ft merit* and tree pt if the contrary w deliberate 'convi< wrong on the pai mil any diaturbae Conventions hav which not only }t p«titers for the recently and Kroi" I will not < Compromise wa<r attempt by one C lation by it* sua* opposite opinions State into our Co; lative meats, iea characteristic of i observed. My v ingout of theN when I have aa • address our felimtbat the Missouri of Mr. Dougla», that of the Com eeived in the earn culated to remove threaten at no die union. Alltheer served to indicate canonized in the 1 no ruthless hax disturb. P o r thi public mith was ; eratidn which it j pledge has been, i statesmen £rcm adorned our anna who thought that lieved, and acted exercised exo pt neceesitv, compel rigbt. JS'o man - has arisen; no p?i these Territories, pied by the red u ital or bestowinj plorable that, eucn o m its honor, South! Would had been intiue which marktd t Louisiana, I n.n-controlled the J>~ some of the iilus body remained u> spired of its forn nature the designi out intending or e''It woelohet* had been a Memb it my duty to labo I would have d<n* waa repr*j»*n.tin£citizensinthistt} and tho^e with wt sition to the m^a1 your course wfl '$:':: matses of the t> uznationbf tbe Nel 1 ances so numc-omaking.3" May it happ* . gine designed t<> i* ' ventor. • Heavta i? - tb* Presidentiei* - ^qualified by inteli station, aod Thatnant of the party that voted for him in '56 with a fac-made, of more or less interest. In Greece, the famous tion of the Democratic party, headed by the aame mis- from various portions of the Sta.e, among whom wasearthed, the costly and laborious excavations having been carried on at. the expense Of the French Govern- ment A number of article s historically connecte d with tbe renowned fetea of the Eleuainian mysteries have been brought to light. Among them are the Propylea,the fact that he has unwif.th.gly been actiog as an in- strument in the hands of the great originator of '• Irre- ?re88ib)e' Conflicts" to haeten forward " The ImpendingJrisia," which, with holy zeal, be so valiantly sought to repress. The General ia reelected by an overwhelm- Now, Mr. Greeley, I never had much love for you ing majority to tbe next Congress. The General car-or your feUow-R*publicans politically. I don't be- large capacity of enova&ch. His speech was an illiter- lieve in the leaders of your party in this. State, and ate, disjointed, and driveling falonnation.lately published an interesting paper, in which, afterstating that the present theories concerning the im-mediate causes of the great currents of the air and iron. At Toulon the remains of a Roman villa wereocean are unsatisfactory, he attempts to show that they found while digging the foundation for a ne vr theater,owe their origmc to the heat liberated during the con- and at Nerie-le6-Bains, department of the Alier, three WilL Buckley of Sullivan, Tom Whitney of New- atripes at frequent intervals. n. c. s. densation of vapor. He points out the fact that the fine carytides, representing Jupiter Olympus, Juno; York, Putnem of Erie, Johnson of Albany, and thegreat winds terminate in localities where comparative and an allegorical conception of Grief, have been ex- like, now diegraced by hirelings of the Central Rail- —Mr. Seward is to speak at Lansing, Mich., on vacua have been created by the effect of the h^atset humed. In Great Britain, an extensive Roman station road, and subordinates of Fernando Wood, your un- Thursday, September 6. The Republicans there arefree during the condensation of immense masses of vapor, and argues that such vacua cause the heavier air to rush and flow toward the parts filled by lighter air, in order to re-establish-the equilibrium of atmos- pheric pressure. His hypothesis thus makes heat thein the Parish of North Wraxhall, Wilts, Have been com- pletely excavated at the expense of Lord Methuen. The foundation walls of the entire building, containiug eixteen roome, courts, and passages, were uncovered, together with portions of tbe walls of several others,scrupulous Mayor. Well may Americans blush for the present state of their once formidable organization. I tell you, Mr. Greely, I don't like that Carl Schurz plank in your party platform. I believe, if you bad Btiuckit out after nominating Lincoln, you would nowraising $6 000 to pay expen«es for the biggest meeting ever held in tbe ceuer of the State, and to show how they succeed $1,C00 was subscribed and paid iu on the first day. ' Three farmers have offered fat oxen for the barbecue, another haa given three acres of potatoes,And while there is not one play in them performedin a Paris theater that a respectable Englishman thegwat primary currents of the ocean, and shows objects of curioeity, such as coins, jars, tessellated have nailed that plank on, and so I can't go your cade of 200 horseaen and 100 teams. Other speakerswould take his son (I say nothing of his daugh- them to be situated under the lines of influence of the pavements, and baths, were found in connection with whole platform. But, I know, for my conscience tells for this meeting are Senators Chandle', Brigham, andprincipal winds,which, in their passage over the waters,Wade, Gen. Nye, ex-Lieut. Gov. Patterson of New- York, &c.—The results of a Winter's expedition to the Alps,Fould .' If there were any legal difficulties in the of a velocity, extent, and depth proportioned to the 1859, bave just been made public He remained two abstraction of Squatter Sove>eignty is snti-Amencan mitted " the great blunder of the age, when theythe ruins.strength and continuity of the wind, thus proving thatth^ pressure of the air on the surface, while moving the motion of the Mer-de-Glace, and found it to amount aole authority over Territories. I feel that an anti- enemiee the Democratic party ever had." He also saysover it, is capable of producing the movement whichto about one-half of ite Summer's motion;.. Crystals of he •" will be much surprised if Douglas carries more Slavery sentiment baa become a political- religionsnow fell almost without intermission during tbe prog- with all thinking Northern men. I believe your free tban a single State." What State that will be, Jaha these abominations have uninterrupted course under plained by tbe interposition of thoale, islands, or conti- ree8 of the" measurements. He afterward visited the soil eentiment underlies at. thia moment; the Democra- dees not mention.for Breckinridge and Lane.—A vigorous Wide-Awake Company has been formed at Liverpool, N. Y.—President, John Paddock*Conscious of this immense editorial responsibility, nitrogen and carbonic acid, holding animal matter iu worked an experimental cable between Ryde in the in God'a name, sir, let it come. Our father's did not waa not an avowed Republican, but which now willtached to it in a contrary way to the usual mode of Lcco-focoism in our State would be the delivery ofinto the furrow."those haipiea and vampyreB who are.now bloatedLIFE INTEXAS.can send for more persons. I have no doubt but thatthe thing will go on lively now for some time. But put tbe Bible out of our echools; ani when euch rene-"Colfax, Frank Blair, and myself, have had fre-linois!' "— - T h e H o n . E d w a i d A r c b b o l d , a D e m o c r a t i c m e m b e roftheHOUBOof Representatives from 1843to1845,a ively*nteredupon,andtofarasanopitioncanbeformedwith the right-hand supporters of hia old adversary,tJohn Hughes of the Romieh hierarchy.conflict was threatened, " Let it come !" and ao say I,footstool. ;. A S»l 1FKLKK BoY OK '44,"*Ti<v(V- ..-•.'. * •••'*.....have no reepect fur many of their subordinates. Bu '• I The meeting was a!so addressed by J. B. Henderson, can say, with a clear conecience, that however corrupt who ran a^aiust Major Rollins in the Ud District, and and unscrupulous may be some of your Albany Re- was defeated.Mr. Henderson ie an ardent admirer of the Littla gency fellowa, they can t hold a candle in rascality to Giant, anr a great lover f the Union, which he pro-the majority of these graceless ecampe who yesterday peseste pi< serve by electing Douglas, and hangingmet here in a pretended American Council, with Syra-cuse Geo. O. Jones and Buffalo Macomber as wliip-pere-in. Think of the places once filled by such square of "the American Eagle, duly spread, until he is almost and honest Americans as Judge Dennieton of Ontario, split, aud makes eloquent allusions to the stars andBetides, Mr. Greeley, I am sick and tired of the oldbelieve that thing, can be done; but if there be anydanger of it, I want to meet it, like a man, in my own Ironton, Mo., in a place where two years ago there' . ' ST. L o u i s , A u g . 2 9 , 1 8 6 0 .ThePresidential campaign in Missouri is being act- the joint production of a proflvute Administration andat this time, it is pretty generally conceded that the mult will at leaat prove very encouragingtothewortbv motives, afcd will be used for uunallowed ob- Ucts. ifor1«anIfiudanysatisfaotery justification forwill carry that State by.a clear majority of 20,000.'« m m . Swhofeweigh?—A flourishing Lincrla Club has been formed atx -^'•'•••^**X%*-M\. UkrJ- — ^ - ^ m*.:-..;•g.'^^w<^vT.•.:c^T.J^=^^^^^-^.^-*^•^^•~^r^r^Trl'• •• .miUntitled Document-'".." "I'.'VThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com& :• -where.aoJKited by the South..• - . ?Whether the people will prove 