 ItVEW8 FROM WASmNQWN.NEW YORK HERALD. TUESDAY, MAY 22, I800.-TRIPLB SHEET.resolution, as tfc* was the one ofjected to. Wtthtbearto- and warred ita right to give a prenmtaary governm'ntnada as purchase the Panama Railroad for five millions take tueh Tareon tato safe keeping, subject to the order rsajsnofstowwordsbeBBprersdofM "wastkadnsy That to ttl> whole of the oare. There was s o euhmuv-on cose wttooot additional coat to tbe gustrnssaat of toe rtestdesti aad a shall further be the ^ J * " • tosgsrsrnsssat to protect the people lo the States and of the aether try of the United SlaUa. Lack at tr e act of fee. ft. And be it far her enacted, That the Ptk Rip. QKatiM.RtailK OFTIEPATOFTO HOT,taurtb sectica provides that all perrons otmriotod ofimrtletpaiica.drrectry or tndtrectly, to tbe store ttsUr,government on earth But tba to denied here in the Bmeteentb century tor the first time, and His said tbat tbe assertion of tbat principle by tbe Charleston Coaren-Movements andtne Politicians,Oar SpecialceaiiBg tbe death penaitv. 8uch change can not fail to lifting your baada when you are called npon to protect aidmoreeffectually theexecutionoftbe taws. Thefl'ui tba lives, liberty andproperty ofyourownseopjteoomspeech of July 'la, 1866, in which he said S? tb. ec -n-t ;o-ticncarriedslaveryletitgo. Nopower onearth couli preventit.Mr.(assholdthesameviewsTherewasno*teeauthorisedtothtoact,andofthataowj. misunderstanding aa to the meaning cf the Kansas act,but there waa a difference aa to toe effect of too bill grow-ing cut of a different view as to the effect of the Constitu-of tbe -Vary received talalltotsaoa thta Ueut ataatey, commanding the Wyandotte, ;that be ted ceptureo off tbe Isle of Ptoes the berk iBsstlraii coasts, with f r o hundred andof felony, tod the owners, effloers and crew there- citizens everywhere, In every clime, aad country,Sec. e.AndbeItfurtherenacted,ThatfadCabinetuponthemeasurestobeadoptedaad Breckinrf tge are convinced of tbe necessity of fenmeditte action, and are endeavoring to form a union up- aa a moderate and patriotic policy. A candidate from aJohn Randolph was chairman, reported unfavorably anon It.Mr. PTGHsaid slavery did exist la Indiana nevertheless, aad by virtue of Territorial legislation. Congress did not act on tbe petition for slavery.injured. Moore, it to understood, baa since oied a n a there Is but slight hope ot tbe recovery of the others.There were no paaaeagers on board The freight con- sisted of fifteen horses end mules, Belonging to canal boats which the Loder waa about to take tn tow . The animals• sntve code. Nothing stronger than the Tennessee reao. moons which were tendered at Charles: in by the New York delegation. Tae overthrew of the Seward and Weed faction of the North has already had good tail tenceMara, and the prudent son exacting men of tba Sooth will av* promptly for the Pnton i s danger recedes. UnteP3 the many democratic canJtlates quietly and gracefully r&tin previous to the meeting of the Ba.timore Convention, they w/M undoubtedly experience a repetition of the taJigna •son of the people, es at Chicago, In their hostility to ail •chesses and plans for controlling the anion of theaaver assent.A special meeting of the Central Executive Committee of tbe I'n'on party waa held this evening, when F. W. Watker resign* d tbe secretaryship of that oom- ssittee on tbe ground that he cannot sincerely supportMail bill was made the special order for half past seven tbe rxtirpatK n of the African stave trade, employs com- ond thirteen councillors, selected by the President. HereSpccnlations ofpefled all democrats to yield to hto tetsns, ia spiteof toe platform of 1M4 and of 1848; to spite of tbe com-promise meaaores of 1 8 » ; to spite of the leftolation ofIf-54 or cf tbe platform of ISM). He hooted at toe idea thatbecame Congress could invest the Territories with p»wer nesoto. via S t Cloud. and from Superior, wtoconsto, rto to prottct property that tbey could destroy it Otmgrsas, Crow W ag to toe FaitouCretcn.mto toosame pre emp- alter the passage of tbe Kansas act, Intervened to set aside tton right aa hereiof. re allowed spaa other through tbe orpretsive acta ot tbe prontovery Legtttature cf Kan- rentes: provided tbe service can be obtained at aa annual sas. Becalledoaallpartiestorespecttoodecisionofthe costnotexceedingtwohundredtbmannrtsonars,aadtba Supreme Court, snd especially on democrats, wbo bad trip to be performed ta twenty days, from May 1st to made a bargain to do so. Hs quoted from Mr Douglas'Waavuentm, May a , 1MB. I-AITTan or m IUVII WILLIAM.fect.cn provides that any ship upon the seas, not a p*o year own roil. He admitted the principle laid down by perly registered American ship, which shall display tbe tbese convtBtonB at Charleston and Chicago as one of American flag as a badge cf its aatlouaiity, shall be guilty treat ohigitlon- We hare a right to protect ourNovember 1st, and to thirty days tba remainder of the year.•be nominations made at Baltimore. He was the he* I the contests of barbarians " American ships, charteredon the part of Congress. It appeared to bim tbat tbeonly additional legislation required was an explanation in a boy named Griffith was put under arrest for the per- ana construction of tbe act heretofore passed. His mo- petration of an abominable act, and in which it stated that tion snd the message were referred to the Committee oo I wss the cause of that arrest. Now, as the HERALD to Judiciary.Mr Locinsfrep.) of Conn., Introduced a bill to establish always ready to afford redress wherein it has been led a uniform system of bankruptcy. Referred to the Judi- into error, and is well known vto accord impartiality andciary Committee. fair play to tbe poor man equally with the rich, I trust Mr. Drrtx, (rep.) of N. Y , introduced a bill granting you will, through the same channel, permit me to give 160 acres or land to each officer aad aoldier who has tbe paragraph referred to the most unqualified contradic- eerved tn the army for a period of five years, althcmga tion. It was evidently written by one wbo did not takeaad front of the new party movement. Tho course he has talen is indicative of a general stampede among •be Union party men. There a a rumor In Una city to-dayskat Everett declines.by American citizens, manned by American seamen, It ia proposed, Mr. President, by the ensctment of vertally followed and admitted within tbe limitation!) of furnished with the "instruments of misery and tor- this bill, to construct five steam sloops of-war for ser- your own cocttituticn. Thus, ia 1804, tbey shut out the tore, macasies and fetters," forged by American vice tn the African waters, to "asstet," In tbe words AMoan stave trade. That they had a right to do. Then artisans, are hovering on tbe African waters for of Pantel Webster, "In scourging from the seas the they cut elf carrying eff staves from anyfState Into tbe human cargoes, or floating upon tbe seas freighted worst pirates which ever infested them;"|to release Territory for tale. That to a doubtful power. But they with "cargoes of despair,'' with anguish, suffering, the nsval efficers irom any legal responsibilities tor declared the right, and admitted the right of every inhab-I" » 1tember, 1804, the time when the existing overlnnd mail contractceasea. Thesubjecttothespecialorderbeforethorities at Montreal refused to give up tbe man OB the chargeoflarceny-tbe OBIVchargethatesujdfeesus- tainedagainstaim-sad toe officerwascesnpeUadtore-m nfteen years from this time.ran ATviomxMxsT or ooacmna.The Boose fixed the 18tb of Jane for the final adjournJudge or Oomnurwoner, on amy probable cause, to eoo> Territories, and everywhere, to the extent of Its oonstrto- 1SC&. What wa«« the iimita of thaws eovereagner Tbeir fitirf-ral ta hereby satoiiilBi i toeoaSrasSBSrasent aad t^en went to work ta good etrnert. The Heme- tbe suppreeewn of tbe stave traffic, by "f^f*** "f, from llircoto (Mr. Dooglas) only objected to Its ae- ffTERESTWe DEBATES <N CONGRESS. bounty pail lor taformstioB ^ 8 * ^ ^ . ^ « ^ " " l «cam, three ttoteaaaaaath, ana not to exceed twenty one gre*sdivtdtdtheTerritoryagainaadagain,untilsow;and days,andsuchcontracttoendansatoorepealfeyCon-•reach sseeteUon, on toe ground that Miramou refused gatee to tbe Charleston Convention nave prepared an ad- ahem et*u aad religious trlerauon. dress, which tbey may shortly Issue, propoiug as a T i r i p a u s e s n s j o w v n LB basis of reun'on at Baltimore the resolutions oUored byPrtoce de Jotaville The Secretary baa not forgotten tbe jorsed by them. Other democrats regard tbe move-tbe Territories, by the exercise of taxing power, mJgbt When tbe Seminole left Key West cm. Bsawrttoy-to,kted atteatiaee of tbe Prtaoe dnrtnf hie residence ia Paris Tbe PrlBoe do Jotori to visited both boosts today,where he wae moet courteously treated.ment with favor.The Superintendent of Public Printing, Mr. Seaman, waskeep slave a out. The stave code afforded ao rerae y. flewouldnotgive&code oflawstobe administeredbyatesatoas. He obtained tbe floor, aad then refused to go ca tin order was restored and members seated. Hs then reminded the Speaker that hs fend set opened hto mouth tot that baOtortwomonths,hutthattheproceedingsbadgovern <nr own people is our own torr tory to the extent Tf our own jorisdictim, but both pontics! parties declared It tte doty cf thto government to protect its citizens not oniy within the territorial jarisdictkm, hat to tbe atter- msst par s o l the earth. Both parties ore to anxtoss to obtain tbe vote of naturalised etttorna that they hays «t-Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the 1General be, and be to hereby, authorised snd directed to provide for the eearreyasee of the United States mall, oa which letter postage to paid, weekly, from 8 t PnaL Mto-• •get Senators are already ascertained to be in favor, Cape de Verde Islands, or near the coast of Africa, thewhile others may rote for it with slight modifications.It is known here that tbe New York antt Douglas dele-sale shall be utterly void, unless executed in the presence of a minister or consul of tbe United Btetes, and shall contain a condition that the ship shall return to the Untiedtbem one that would, He said tbe true issue course, in a rolling sea much of the effect of the proppel- bad been avoided. Tbe (Senator from Mississippi(Brown) clamored for a taw that would do ler to tost. Sheta a fine sea boat, andto a naval sueceen.him no good; and tbe Senator from Illinois clamored Her engines, built by the Morgan Iron Works of New agamst a tow that would do bim no harm. Non inter- York, area perfect success, ana with ease exceed theLaid over.THB FTXAL APJOCRSMKXT.On motion Of Mr. GKXEX, (dem ) of Mo., the resolutionto alter u e hour of meeting of the Secate to eleven o'clocxtherefore, Incorporated this bill of Mr. Clayton's entire into tbe bill he now proposed; and, as it received tbe unanimous vote of tbe Senate in 1864, be confidently hoped it would receive the sanction of tbe Senate in I860. The British government, with which we have, by tbesuchsovereigntysstbeQueenoftheAntilleshastoday. There was tbe protection which he bad described brought into thto Territory under a treaty, and also by a lawof tengressin1803. Ittowell knownthevhadpro perty In slaves in 1SC3. A year afterward Congress passed soother taw, putting another Governor in tbat country,missiontohaveslavery,butthatthecommittee,ofwhich getherwithaboynamedA'onsoProof,weredangerouslywaa taken up. and carried, by yeas 82, nays 11.Northern State ia tataed of. Toe Sooth will not demand on motion of Mr. HAUS, (rep.) of N. H , the Overland Webster Asbburton treaty, entered into stipulations for and putting the government Into the hands of a GovernorMr HAIBsaid that Indiana bad done a good many thlogs were a l either kiltaa or mutilated.of which he did not approve. The fact was as be had Tbe sight, after tbe explosion, was a terrible one, tbeo'clock Thursdayres arPFKBseioN OF THB arnicas HLAVB TRADB.missioners or agents, resident tn Africa. He proposed, ia the tenth section of this bill, the appointment of a Com- missioner, to reside in Africa, whose duty it shall be towas an organized govt rnment and aero was popular sove- reignty. A people who bad ao more control over their own government than the slaves have oa a plantation instated, tbat Indiana asked Congress to allow her to bring In slaves, and Congress did not comply.writhing bodies of tbe injured men and quadrupeds being mingled in one chaos, while the scalotogsteam was spend, tog itself without hindrance.Tbe Icder was not aa old boat, and the hollers are sup- posed to bare been found. Tbe allegation Is that tbe safe- ty valve was out of order, and indicated "tow ateam ' when there waa actually an urmenee beadon.HUlicua and Moore both ieaveavamiljes, ffie former (fifty years of sge) leaving a wife aad six chUdrea, for whom much sympathy is < ^t ->feed.Tbe spot at which the accident occurred is one ef the moat beautiful on the lake. The wreck yet remains as at tbe time cf tbe explosion, and bad attracted numerous) visiters from all the adjacent secitons.Death of a B«y Caused by Grief. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD.Under tbe above heading your Jersey City reporter or correspondent writes you the particulars of a ease where-attato custody tne peraoa tn whose a * ^ * " " * J^"J. can w s - found for trial eceorfng to taw * ^ » * * « this section a toqulckea the seal of *"!?»*"£?£tieaal power. It to for thto principle tbat prveraantata terntery exteadca from tbe Kiaewtippi to the Paciae, u>d rotiation af the prtates matter and franked documents aremattruted among mea. Ittothe cornerstoneofan { fromFloridatotbeGo'f. Wherethey tords ef all t T r-etweeatheAtlanticaodPacificflutea.aysteamthins,ata rectal fabrics or every age. It ta tosr that tbe Senator Scrrejeof If tbey were, they were sovereign over eo ne- < est not •xeeedtog fmar hua4red itinnaann douaue par antteaabfll after dedbysnbsbtailoo offioatosadtoenlargethepowerasad«»lHsf^ttte^aV nbcstlcn to the Territories, and sottothenni-tithe Hoone bill lor eoe received from tbe Senate. This oersof^Cnftodaiates la r a w cf the utter failure to vertal property, thla is a duty which belongs to yet we are tato there people are sovereign. Be did not gress of tbe preseat freaking law.recapture aay of the bnaoreda of Africans toiP-f^J" every government rqoal'y. It to the price of ©bo Jequrvaienttoadefeatofthebillunless,thoCommittee ^eWaac-erer.nowopenlybeklaaateveatoJ*o»tton airseeandallegiance,aadwithoutitnopenpieask tor say slave code, and never aaw the day be wanted Sec. 4. And be H further enacted, Hast was TwHtoastst one. Hes*m:>>ywartedprotection.Mr.Toombsthen Generalbe.aadbetohereby,authorisedsoddirectedtotpetthnofkuun Twmbi todfilmon of Conferencecan agreeupona compromee.Tbe Senate BID to mcrsase tho pay of officers in the uavy was paaasd, after slight amendments tot regard to thepayofsursjseuasadengineers.tog totoat trade, s » u be sojndged gulttyol the crtme ofSpeaker and Boise tor the habitual disorder during the ptrVcy. aad punished therefor by tomrtosnsseat tor life. prtoerptee npoa which all ages save stood. W« not onlyGOT. McRae, of Mtosinippi, very properly rebuked thebe true thea theIVono' theseStttescannotstandfewpreme Conrt The decision fend been made. Hs Yrekn, Jacksonville, Post Burg, Oakland, Eugene Cty,Siates for a new register. And if any citizen of the tbe scales of Justice the gleaming sword. You may take Ut'ted States, in any such port or place, being the owner, tbe most trifling article of property, or tbe most simple Secretary Caia presented to the President to-day tbe Mr. Howard, of Tennessee, which were previously en or •g*ti for tbe tale of an Americad ship or vessel, shall right in any State of this Union, and Ihe entire power tell such ship or vessel, knowing that she is to be em ot the government will be called upon to protect It, ifvention bad been confounded with squatter sovereignty,snd the rights of the Booth In tbe Territories with astipulations of tbe contract. They have given no troubletried to day la tne Circuit Court on a charge of malfea- be the owner, or the agent, for avoage to tbe coast of Africa, with tbe intent to soil such ship or sance and embezzlement while in office, aad acquitted. veerel on the coast, every person to offending, onset of men wbo, In refusing protection where it owedit, bad tbowed themselves unfit to be trusted. flag. The Crusader then made sail, but still the Seml-ASVaiaS If f'TAH.Tbe War Department received ih's mornieg a large Tbe authorities of Norfolk intended to subject the conviction thereof, before the Circuit Court of theIn conclusion, be called on bis political friends to put the nole kept the advance, beating quite easily. The ansae stamp of disapproval on tbe doctrine of squatter sove- of the captured bark to Williamsreignty. There was a gleam of light coming from Chi- The following to a Hat of tbe Semtonle'a officers:— cago. Active bad been devoured by bis own dogs. He Commander, Geo. A. Prentiss; F'rst L*eutonaat and ex-snail from d a b . Tba newa ia unimportant. Tbe trope were arranging for tbe contemplated move to New atone. Aa erder had been leaned indicaUag the meaner at* their movement. Moat of them will start on the 15tb aw*., aad tbe nma'.o<tor will foi.ow aooa after.Inted States steamship Roanoke to quarantine. Thiswould have kept her some U s e ont of government use; otherwiseshewouldhavebeentakenintoPortsmouth,exceedtagthreeyears.Antitmakeseverycharterofcalled on tbe demccracy to unite against the common Toe.[The last part of Mr. Toomba' speech was not very well beard, but understood as vindicating tbe action of toe Southern delegates at Charleston, and urging tbeir return toBaltimore,withthenewofunitingtodefeattherepub Beans 1Mr. BAKV05n'read a brief total argument against tbe doctrine of squatter sovereignty.Mr.BROWN-correctedsomestatementstatthe speechof Mr. Toombs, relating to himself personally.Mr. PI-GH explained briefly that h e should vote for moat of these resolutions.officer, J. C Howell; Second Lieutenant, S P. Carter; Third Lieutenant, W. A. P. Camooell; Purser. Felix Senas; Surgeon, George Peek; Chief Engineer, Geo. W. Alexan- der; Master. C. a Norton; Assistant Eagineets, J. B. Kim- ball, N. B. Littig, Philip loco. R L. Harris and J E. McKay; Carpenter, L Manseil; Captain's Clerk, Wm. lagan.The United States steamer Mohawk, lieutenant Com- mander F. A. M Craven,sailed tromKeyWestoathe 12th inat., on a cruise.Tne sloop.of-war Savannah. Oaotain Jarvto, sailed from Penaacota on the 8th instant, for Vera Cros.Tbe Steamboat Eatploalon oaStaecaLake. [From tbe Philadelphia Inquirer.]WATKJBS, N. Y , May 19, I860. This village, situated at the lower end of Lake Seneca, twenty miles above Elmira and near tbe Cnaandalgua and Elmtra Railroad. waa the scene of a terrible accident thtomorning, by which two fives were lost, three perSUBS were seriously scalded, and the steamboat BenLoder blown nearly to pieces.By order of the Denartmect a detachment of sixty for the support and care of the Africans captured by theffkree recruits, under command of Lieutenant (POonneU, b a r s been ordered from Jefferson barracks to Fort Mtpfey, btnneeote., to join tbe companlea at that place.TBI DOlliLAS BKBTIHU IS >TBW YORK.A bvgo number of members of Congress and others w«J leave thla evening and to-morrow to attend the Bougies demonstraton at New York. Among whom a r e Kuat o f A r k a n s a s H a m i l t o n o f T e x a s a n d •Barman of North Carolina. It a so mwlfeet that laneotn will have a great advantage in tbe race,Mohawk, as la the case of those found oa board the Echo, and it is probable that they wJl be conveyed to Liberia ia a chartered vessel.OkMAVkT k - a i m M C»HOBJ finer suasion.aVmstta.WASUHGTOX, May 21,1800. TUB TARIFF.00 law, and can govern himself.But one thing ta certain.and not to New York, for repairs.A contract to being made with tbe Colonization Societysu American vessel, at any foreign port, with tbe intent that such vessel shall be employed in tbe slave trade, and every sa!e of tn American vessel on tbe coast of Africa, unless condemned as unseaworthy, illegal. The eighth section provdes tbat when any person shall lodge Infor- mation with the attorney of the district against any per- son for tbe violation of this act, by any sale or charter of any vessel contrary to the act, it shall be tbe duty of tbe attorney to commence a prosecution against the offender, and upon conviction every such vessel shall be forfeited. By tbe ninth section of tbe btll every owner or agent for tbe sale of an American ship who shall sell such ship in any oi the ports aforesaid, and every purchaser of such f hip shall, at the time of the execution of the instrument of writing in the nature of a bill of sale for the trans- fer of tuch ship, make oath before a minister or consul of the t".ited States residing at such port or place tbat tbe said ship is not intended to be engaged InMr. fAMXsos, (rep.) of Pa., presented a petition fromsent tbe leaders of the democratic party are en the citizens of Pennsylvania for an alteration of tbe ltd the African slave trade; and if any such owner, agent ornot sovereigns. Tbat disposes of that question. The next acquisition made by thisrepublic wssta18C3. What did we do tv.ti We undertook by treaty to pro- tect tbe inhabitants of tbat Territory acquired from the Freach, from tbe Mitsttslppi river to the Pacific ocean. We pleoged our faith to France aad these people tbat we would protect tbem in tbeir lives and property until we tbosgbt proper to admit them In tbe family of States.Southern whig always would control It They were sent here for practical legislation—not to discuss dogmas. If Senators could osly get somebody to sit alongside as a tort of tender to read extracts, these speeches would last till tbe next Presidential election. The great idea of Engiith liberty was freedom of the judiciary; the great object of tbe federal constitution was the establishment of an independent judiciary. He charged tbat the obvenue law. He said he should press this question, so purchaser, shall swear falsely ia the premises, he shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall, en convictionsaavoTtng to agree upon a definite plan of action in orderla aaite their whole foros upon a candidate acceptable toall aaetioaa of tbe party. Exertions are being made tohave Douglas, Quthrte aad others, to withdraw from the•keg, to remove the pending difficulties to a perfect unionapoa tbe canJ.date. Il Is contended by loose who preferaaacesB above personal oonsideratlons, that there a no whether some action is not necessary to provide for the remedy a great abuse and to check the stave traitic, was ether way of escape from the Impending future. Unfor-auaately tba President is not supported by a unit-beenreaffirmedaftertbeadoptionoftoeconstitution,and Tbe chief engineer,AaronStout,wsswiththe captain Francisco restriction upon slavery extension, emoodied In the Mis- 1outotana under tbe French. Where wss the sovereignty during the administration of General Washington He at tbe wheel Both men escaped with slight wounds.of tow. seme furtb*r legtototJoa to demanded The ass no men, can or oogbt to submittoany formofreferred at lenttb to tbe acta organizing New Mexico and Utah,toibowthatsqrtatter sovereignty wss aot recog- nised- and be aafo examtaed toe Kansas Nebraska act to show tbat it was intended to prevent Intervention againstmodify the contract wftb the contractors stow pertormtaa service oa rentes 12*40,lSfidS and Ma**,anantoPro- vide tor the conveyance of toe United Stales malls ta four bOTSS ecswbfs six times a week, at a seaadato of seveneither aTcffieers or seamen oa board vessels « W « JJJthewade,crwhomayfitoutorbeInearwaytoteresied <iontoadisunionmeasure,andifinsisted npon it tonet slavery. Tbeyagreedtoorganizethe Territories, tear- days,ir«msrrtl1sttoDecember let,andfowrtessday*in ttttog out or lailisg aay »hip for tbe purpose cf estrsgnoseasarily cverturn the Union of these States If tbat teg tbe power of the people to be decided by the Su- the reva»e>r cf tbe jrar, from Seeraneuto City, ri*.Tbte « a proposition to tnereare tbe penalties of fitttog outresieis fbr tbe slare trade, by making such fitting outpiracy, and to ebasge tbe death penalty toanosed upon «fleers and crewe engaged la tbe trade to Imprisonment 'OfUfa. It makes persons oa the land who shall be ist*.rested is Btting cut tlavers, pirates aad felons, as guilty ofbees those of a mob. The hones was a mob, aad he had tits Ignomimous CTime of staretradtng as tbe crews of tasded tbe principle everywfeere. Yon can go to totoa, slavers filled with tbe rletims of tbe traffic, aod It »n- or lo Fursta; yon can make war on Germany to P«*eetdemanded tbe bond, and those wbo refused toto their pledge. The Ored Scott deetoton *>m- BBQUm.sat there till be was disgusted. He would not be inter-rupted when en the floor, and If the Speaker did net callmemberstoorderhewoulddosohimself. Thislittletoe-tore restores quiet, aad business proceeded with somepretension to regularity for a few minutes. Tbe tumultwas so greet at one time this morning that tbe Speakerwasindepsir,andthreatenedtoresignifmembersdid ofthanbepunishedbyimprisonmentnotless andatalltimes.Bytheselawsofnationswscot keep the mserres in better contr.il.THB BJOT on aaicSDar XKi-rr.than ore year, and tbe ship forfeited to tbe have a right to protect our naturalized citizens United States. Tbe American flag to the chosen under tbe tame conditions. While thaw rightoader the said act of the third of March, sightasa bun-TbeleadersoftberiotersonSaturdayeveningwereCongo river, eeven hundred and forty four oa board, government employes—one Untenant of Marines, one As snows, that the flag of tbe United States to stained with"reasury upon tbe certificate of service from the Pest- he called oa Mr. Douglas and hto friends to tt*nd up to to and frem California, Oregon and Washington Territory,aty negroes oa board. 8bo had, at tbe Una aha leftto one of its citizens than to endanger the safety of the •bole. The right to be protected must be asoertaiaed by tbe taw of nations, and not by our taws, institutions andpreme Court Mr. Toombs repeated time and again that•tore waa bat one American oa board, supposed to be shecaptain. HacamelaWiiltamPreston,efPhatodelpbta. Be had taken then to Key Weat tbe gevoramoBt wi!) ba?e its handa full lo lake earo of tbe miserable erea tares brought toto « w pot is. Twelve hundred of themare sow at Key West, la custody of tbe United States Marshal, and Jtidgiag from tbe great activity la tbe trade aad tbe aaaiber of snips engaged i s Una iahumin traffic, arraiDMHwillprobablyhare severalthousand,which avastbedisposedoftpeedily.The JadIciery Committee hare tbe PresMeat's special sneesege upon to's subject under coaatdaranoa, and will preaebty bring forward a proposition of tome kind to meet tbe caee ta point.oca BXLATIOITS wrrn EBGLASD.Lord Lyons baa aa interview with tbe Secretary ofStew to cay He informed tbe Secretary tbat ho had re SMTM late advices from Mr. Mathew, Mexican Mlnlater. appeara to be bet little if any cope in adjusting MUSS between kUramoa aad tbe liberal governov.nt. Jaarei bad positively deciined to accept British andsbteld of tbe stave pirate oa every sea, under cover of political platforms. But when ascertained and clearly which be pursues b a work of human misery, despair and fixed, nothing but the direst necessity or inability candeath. The reports mace to our government by our re lave any government from tbto great doty of protect- ministers abroad, and our naval effloers, furnish the am* ing its people ia their rights of peraoa, of liberty and ofplest evidence that tbe American flag to made to orver prererty. We bare dose this; we hare followed ourtbeir bargain and aot to attempt to cheat tbaSouth of Its rights by indirection, by unfriendly legtolation. B e reviewed at length toe Dred Hcott decision, toshow that it sustained to the fullest extent the right of pire oa the fifteenth of September, eighteen hundred sadestent Warden of the Penitentiary, aod one a Senate Mas. sesger. Mayor Berret will take good care that thla of- fence is act repeated, aa the credit of hto administration depends cpoa good order.VS. TOOMBS' BTBCH.Mr. Toombs* speech of to day is variously Interpretedtbe po'uboTjs of tbe African atave traffic, that it S the•aad fee ton cento.See. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the eeatracteerestes tbe chances of ccnrlc'loo, now to difficult, by re- year natural zed cltizeas, though you are incapable ofbanner of t h e audacious stave trader . Under tbeproecttngfoldsofthatflagheconcealsbiscrimes against human rature. We know, tbe civilized worldred aad fifty-sevna, to be paid fey the Secretary of tbaOn motion of Mr. Witsox, (rep.) of Mass., tbe bill fortbe more effectual suppression of the slave trade was aid tn tbe suppre&slcn of the slave trade, under the direc- Louisiana— not a particle. Congress undertook the duty of Indiana, showing that she bold and protected Slav* intaken op, aad sundry amendments offered. tion and inatruction of the President cf tbe United States. of protection in what they deemed tbe most appropriate Mr. Wnsnx (rep.) Mass., after alluding to the loath- Tbe service that an able and faithful Stave Commissioner, way. Tbey continued to make amendmeats to tbtodefiance cf the ordinance of 1787. Adjourned.Ilonsa o f xtepreventatives. WASHUKOTON, May 21, I860.some and revolting aspects of the African riavo-trade, remarked —Yet, in tnta sge, Illumined by the lights of Christian civ.l: ;«uta, tbm abhorred traffic nourishes in defiant mocaery of the laws, tbe sentiment.-), and the opinions of tho civilized world. To America, be con- tinued, belongs tbe glory of having led the nations In their effort to suppress this odious and printed traitic; but in ibis work of in humanity, which now stains and dis- honors tbe age, American citizens, lusting for gold, though it bo soiled by blood and teats, arts enacting guilty deeds wh'-'b bring dishonor and shame upon the American name American avarice, la defiance of law, is now re- viving with renewed vigor a traffic which is rekindling anew on the the coasts of Africa the nercecess rf sav- age warefare, and adding "new axd fiercer passions toresldtnt in Africa, can render to the great work of extir- government until tbey came Into the Union. No manTbe great point of attraction ia the Senate) to and death. The American flag is prostituted to cover this tbe capture of suspected slavers not proved to be itant ef the States to carry slaves into the Territories today was Tocmbs' speech upon Davis' resolu •teas, wh.cn waa an able defence of the power of Congress over tba Territories. He eteimed the power as a governmental right, and, under taw euonwaiancea, one of his arguments waa logically •attained and supported by conatitutional references and fey historical precedents from the days of Jefferson. Tbaioatbso.-ue commerce by American citizens, who should slavers by the courts; to incite the zeal of officers and held, in order to settle up, and they did ao there. Thatrather pour out their hearts' blood to save that tlag from crews by increasing fourfold tbe bounty for captures: was Jefferson's rule of the Congress of 1304. Yet the ro-such pollution and dishonor. American Christians, in to send a commissioner to Africa to bailie tbe schemes of pnbllcan party say that these men were their fathers,andshameless deflaaoe of the mora! seose of mankind and the the tleeb jobbers en land and sea; to make the fitting they want to bring back the government to the good oldlawy of their country, greedily clutch the surviving vie out r.r tlavers, like the sailing of them, piracy; to facili- days of Jeffsrson and/Madison. It was declared by tbeurns of this lawless ana ptratiaal trsiflc, and doom them, tate the conviction of the slave pirates of land and sea law of 1*04 that no slaves should be carried engaged.may be opened for tbe victims of tbto traffic American journals justify these deeds of piracy and blood—these acts of shameless notation of taw, justice and honor— which offend the moral sense, and defy tbe public opinionthem. They governed tbem with humanity and justice subject only to the Constitution of tbe United States. Our next acquisition was New Mexico, leaving out Texas, which came in as a sovereign herself. The acqutoition ofPortland canal.ef Jobs Weeber by shooting. It appears that some ani- mosity existed between tbe two, and that Btorkemp h a d on several occasions challenged Waober to fight bim. Failing in this, be attempted to shoot him wtth a runla my asawasth of the lTlh mat,, describing tbe cere-al tales of the reception of the Japanese Embassy by tbe snow that the history of America bears ample evidence imported afrtcan barbarians. 1 move the reference of but w s bound ourtelvea by the same stipulations to proOB motion of Mr. CCSTIS, the Pacific Railroad bill was made the special order OB aad after Thursday\oouatry, American merchants fit out la our harbors slave tbe approval of the President, aad should (to provisions lmpoatl by the treaty of Hidalgo Gaadnloape!tbroth, r officers. I was somewhat surprised to see the shits; American seamen navigate them; Amoricaa citi- be rigorously enforced by tbe Executive and judicial offi- That duty a the Higher Law-tbe only higher:in patson too next day, looking aa hearty aa his neas openly purchase and bold in perpetual bondage tbe cers of the government, it will, I am sure, contribute taw be recognized, because by he Constitution frondscouldwish;andasmyformerstetemectla aurvivtogvictimsoftheonhalliwedtrade,aadtheAmeri somethingtochecktheparticipationofourcountrymen bytreaties andbylawsmadelapursuance thereof. can Sag, tbe banner of our pride, la made to conceal and In aa sceureed and abhorred commerce, to vindicate tbe it is the supreme law of tbe land. If party platforms to create apprehensions Inthemindaofbto protectthewrong,violenceaadcrime;thetheftofliving fameofourcountry,nowtarnished,andtopromotethe come sgatnst it they must go down; If politiciansTHB PAT OF TBS HATT.to « ^ K l W ? M d ******* biD, with an amendmentn-fi^L6"aiacr6*Me «»•P»yoftheofficersofthenavy. pwaea!sLnries*"'"*'°***"*•*<• P"«**°TM «•dataatfriends,Ibattentomakethaicorrection. mtvAi. imraa.Captain Joseph R. Jarrls, now ta command of tho ranaah, at Vara Cms, fens been appointed a of the home squadron, vioe McCluney, de-laptsua Chat. B . Bell, now la commaad of the Norfolk Wavy Yard, baa received preparatory orders for iho com stand of tho Mediterranean eqsadron, and the new steam •teeoof war Ricimend, aow fitung out at Norfolk, hasTba Daootab, now nearTy ready for aea at Norfolk, baamen; tberouloets and corruption of tnesteamingslavedeck. Be referred to the change wrought tn the senti-ments of at least a portion of the people of South Ca'O-IlnS and Georgia; grand jurtea refusing to tndict thepiralee and fetoas of the stover Echo, other casea werementioned ta show that tbe federal authorities are setat defiance, aad tbe taws trampled under foot. If, bow- The bill was ordered to be printed, and referred to the ever, ihe American pecple would manifest their sincerity, Committee on Judiciary.sow questioned—if they would vindicate the national cha- Mr. MASON introduced a bill for the relief of Thomas J.coma,against itthey must go down. TheConstitu- tion to tbe supreme law of the land, and by that Con- stituUon protection to made a duty, and the whole«- TIT S1VXR8 AOTHinSOBS.rv.!: Hn,rm*' <"P> o f Ul.freui tbe Committee on ter of Mr. Samuel Barrett, a very respectable mttaen, and Commerce, reported the River aod Harbor btl' for a quarter ot a century postmaster of tbat town, aowrs tter from tbe imputation of connivance at tbe viola-tions of their seta for the suppression of tbe slave trade,tbey must cot only enforce existing laws, but enact snobstatutes ss the exigencies of tbe occasion demand. Tocarry more fully into effaet existing taws against theslave trade; to fulfil our treaty stipulation*: tocheck tbe traffic now prosecuted by ocr country-Page, ef tbe United States Navy. Referred.Tbe btll for tbe enlargement of the Capitol grounds wasmade tbe special order for Saturday.A large number of Bouse bills were read twice and re- ferred.FBOTBCTtO!* OF STAVES IB THB TntKJTOBIEg. Mr. Davis' resolutions were taken np.him ten to cue. So be would appeal to the em»HtJ*u«. andtothetawsof Congress for^ySrn* But oXrs would perhaps appeal to the nonsense of the iMenkTT»3 beathtm. Hethenreferredtothecmesiior? £ffii.^d peopleinthese Territortes^^0 ^^^.*^ orgsntaatlen. Then it made no dllKos^feaSaVtoe? were conquered or aot, they became 8overewnsT«,JF?L was called upon to prove that theWn^nersrs*we^^v**-- ——* below -- — - -~**" sn e* mw0n0 the earth _ e m u IF * " Pon the state of the Union. Adjourned.a devoted wife, tbe father of five children, a member and one of the pillows of her husband's church. Bow kwg this attachment continued does not appear; but about threemen with renewed vigor, aad to vindicate the tar-ter Iho Inat Icdla sqoadron. tba Semi ntobed bonar of tbe ooontry, be had introduce! this bill u . tVKCB o t » • TOOSBB, OF GEOSGU.— went ££,',£!?• *° £**»a»toC»bMy"itor _ _ .at Mas tea, for tho Braz 1 aqnadroa, and tho for tbe more effectual suppression of the slave trade. Mr. Tooiras, (oem.) of 0a , said be had no iateatiw of Be then fnrasseded to explain the provteoni of hto part clpating ia tbto debate, for be ooosMered that theP.wnea, a Pbtladelpba, far tho homo squadroa. Tba bill, with such proofs as were necessary to sustain them. eauaciator of principles eo just and to proper aeeded aoto Krtsbbtng. fraspieton rested on the parties there, andft. LOBM,saws»SaaJwaadalNorte,hasbeanorderedontab CAFtrnnn AfwjrjuBs.CaaoftbeNow Yorkseasteamsriwillbo charteredtatake the capiatwd Afrwaaa trom Kay Went ta Liberia.ana sea an*. kwaasnt*peatgun,"TheFloyd,'tonowon tbe weyte •w/t Mwnroe, and was examined wah mark- ad salwrhnrlrs.Thofirstsectiondh-sstetheSecretaryoftheNavytocause to be ossstruosad a r e steam aorew sloops of war, tor ser- vice on the coast of Africa, to suppressing the stave tnnie.support from him. But these principleswhichInvolve tbe fundamental principles of tbe government are aot only atsalkd sad condemnei, but targe bodies of personsvcerned—the Overland Mail company, the Vanderbttt aad Pacific mail •tompanies, the Post Office Department aad the Southwestern members. The bill contemplates an overland service firs times a week, and a trimonthly"tbt. On Frieay at 'tost week be hired a borse in isemtotter, intending to carry the tody to Fhchburg and andtakethecarsfortheSouth. Dteappetotodastothe »*•, tbey drove on to New Hampshire, toevtog lbs team M Thornton's Ferry; aad purtoed tbeir way to tbe North.with the sarpsJastons of tbe Webster Athburton treaty, being, by *•*-»•-'— consent, ill adapted to aooompttoh tho extirpation of the stave traffic] The second see*an of thlaMiltoIIlaststhebountr,anthorized bythethirdoftbeactofXStO.tobepailtoofficers aadamv ot any cotamaatened vessel of the Patted Statea forschemes unfriendly to tbe existence of tho government, M4 >w b,, lbllion of printed matter, at a total coat of 11,602,000 per becaine known, started tn pursuit, found tbe deserted annum. All the contracts are to expire oa the 1Mb Sep- t«m at Nashua, aad the fogitves at Montreal. Theau-tO LsKttnt) tbefr taflflssat^ awnVl CTtWS Oaf AOMrtC^Q B1WTC»f- » ^ - He lays8811. between St. Joseph, Mtosouri, and Great Bait Lake City aad route 12801, between Great Salt Lake a t y and Placerville.Califorata,orwitheitherOttefeem,forthecon- veysace of the United States mall on which letter postagenyfia rSntss h e n S^SB^saanaa^B^Sbsada\ aaaSML^sSant tTa^a» a t . ^ ^aaaiaiaaS-ssi'^baai a^aT a\ t?BFlJ*a\ BS SBIan •9aas Sl Tbe third section af this bill provides that the bounty of •"* " ft saw person lodging mformaOon withthe raked States that aay African! to vtatoMin of tow, shall bebat it shall fee the doty of aay Dtetrtct sea sae ewtoto from aay Judge or of the United States, a warrant airecttagt f f t C s a B s s V V M t *jsf wafaUBBBB? BBBBtal B^BBBBB* HastftSBaenSBBBt Iff* <KwaSatSFSkaTV fcf* Bat SB* ^^ w-fj J^J^^*TM sweaw*a*wnwnajl^arwnsBBBygwn}aaj q^HKmrnTj wVSBSWI| toarw to"'"•fewi law/ ^*wt^aBBpBsnwn\«^P9Ve> BntPaiBsal {jTTOCt UMw JawsBBjfsaCUssl l Orotatedtheseresoltrttonswahed to sroM andangerfew lhrlfTM!! w*Bt **"*.»»» Hrtet^Ld 'i£dr ^"daof tbecoatrsctorstosupply Intermediate offices along the TKBCAITIS rbsrBnTBS Coasacncrr.pating the traillc in men, must he invaluable. Mr. Wilsonsaid tn conclusion:—Ily existing regulations, the navalofficers sect to tbe African waters to aid in the suppres-sion of tbe illegal slave traffic, are responsible, if tbe ves-sels captured are not, by a court of taw, proved to be trine cf popular sovereignty ia the Territories. In 1801 slavers. Tbe difficulties of conviction, unless slaves arein this Cnratlaa land.ti perpetual bondage. American by i•banging the penalty from death to imprisonment for Into tbe Territory, except by an inhabitant of Juries, regardless alike of the laws of the country and life; to make the display of the American flag as a badge the United States, and that law to in force to-day, where their own sworn obligations, refute to indict or convict of nationality by a not legally registered Ameri- It bss not been abrogated by the constitution or the pro- tbe audacious pirate and felon engaged la this "work of can ship felony, tho penalty or which is Imprisonment visions of the State government. From time tn time, to bell, foul aad «ark " American Jurats misconstrue, mis of the crew and tbe forfeiture of tbe vessel; to make tbe form'ng Territorial governments, they have continuedOther bills were introduced In relation to bounty lands.On motion of Mr. ELIOT, (rep.) of Mass.. the President was requested to furnish the House the information re- cently n ivived rotative to the Chinese Coolcy tradei claimed the attention of a large audience, waa ati eloquent, and tba interest well maintained to the interpret, aad pervert tbe statutes of the country, to save tale of American thtps on the coast cf Africa illegal, and all the laws tbat were enforced in tbe Territories before.Mr. Wans, (rep.) ot N. Y ., Introduced a resolu- tbe columns of tbe Bsnain to. m fact, unpardonable and tion providing for fine and Imprisonment for the pur cowardly. I subjoin, to proof of tin above, the testimonySquatter sovereignty waa critically aad success-the pirate from a felon's doom, to keep tbe victim of hto to require the tellers aad purchasers of Ameri sen vessels Therefore, throughout the governments of Jefferson aadchase of Africans imported Into tbe country ia violation ofthetawfortbesuppressionofthestavetrade.Objec- tion being made, tbe resolution lies ovenMr MosTGoantRT,(A.L.dem.)ofPa.,Introducedare- solution providing fir the adjournment of Congress on thecrrmea tn perpetual servitude, and to shield tbe guilty tn any lorelgn port—In North or South America, the West atadtoOB and Monroe, up to 1830, tbto principle of the fullyrefuted.Douglaswaaabsentforsomecauseor purchaserofthatvictimfromthejustretributionofthe IndiaItlacoa,andtbeCapedeVerdeIslands—makeBath dutyofgovernmentswaaacknowledged,toprotecttbe violated laws of h a ooontry. American political tbat such vessels are not Intended to be engaged In tbe Uvee, liberty and property—slavery Included—or the peo- economists clamor for tbe reopening of tho slave trade; to forbid tbe abuse of consular sea letters, ple of every foot of ooontry from the Belize to lati- slave traffic; and American politicians demand by vessels sold abroad, by requiring them to return to tude 49 degrees, and from tbe Missouri river to theof J. J. Bouton, Esq , Justice of the Peace He myai—Mr. Wm. Webb railed upon me and desired that I shiuld State that be was aot the l a m whoeaosed the arrest ef J . Oriatb, which I he-ebydo. Tbeparty wbomadetaemea- piaiot and procured tba afreet w*e «r. Wright, briag witatos»wiiii>, LixroLs ASP ran BLACKUOTBIJCA.* wattsAnous There a a dtatfact understanding between the friends af Mr. Seward and Mr. Lincoln that tbe former shall havetbe modincatioa or repeal of tbe lawa which tbe United States for new registers before making rovagea Pacific. You can go aow to protect Frenchmen and 11th ot June. Much confusion was consequent taiee or fonr doors of tbe Griffith fasti?brand the slave trade as piracy; for these laws wound to the African coast: and to eularge the porers audln- Putchmee wherever they go, to call for the whole powappointment of Seoretary of State or minister to England val of a traffic the contemplation of which fills their porta of Africa, and In tbe arrest and examination of Florida. By the treaty Of 1819 we made the engagement cepted, but refused a further amendment by Mr Sher-finalextinctionoratrafficwhichnowpains theearofthe Christian and civilized world with tbe agonizing moans or tbe despairing, suffering, dying sons and daughters of Africa.D o m e s t i c N e w s I t e m s .EicraniTT or A MI»U»TER'B WIFE.—The town of Ash-burnham. Mass, bas been somewhat agitated for a few daya says the Worcester (Miss.) 9pg of lbs 18th tost, b y an elopement which took place oa Friday of tost week. Jt appeara tbat some eight years ago Ellen I t , only daugh-to protection in the Terr lories, A certain Eosllsbman nr.tlfl!,H'Ci2?.Mr-SrASTOI»«*M«b« reputation ortbe quentlyremovedto8prtagfteld,Ohio,where Mr.Root is once said in Parliament that be would"ppesi to toe «ood mm6 M w l •»»»»7 would be promoted by an adjourn now settled, and where the present unhappy troubles had sense of the people en some question. ffisoDiicmentr.: tbeir beginning. Mrs. Root, some time since, formed aa« * £ j * J " * •ntfeority has been brought la to swell tba mighty current. Approving these resolutions, aabedid.hefellafetodutytodefendthem. Thefirst objectionto tbat theyareabstractions. ThatIsagreat mistake There to a terrible practicality about them.O.V STs-dto pr7hiu7uhs o c c u ^ ^ i * * * * *people holding stares t k n T w - ?«t i £L0 , 2?, r ? D Tsquatter soveretantyyBO d E U T J L . difflcil,tT **>°otButthoNorth,Barms'theamtoriVSS*"*}»«?'*rights.forpetoiea)pcwerrnot^tbstW^!iT?iaW to *>"^TheSouthobjectedkubta^hiTaS*!? for J"*""tro. theSenate,andwillbedapoeedofaasoonaathepolitical turn atone. Theman,whobadgrreavariousnames,•be coBStHuBOBS ol tbe Stoles, and does not stead aaterrains and Salem to Portiaao, Oregon, far a oompenaa- abide fey tbe decisioo of the Court were false ticnnotto ezcoeed one hundred Itwmsaad dollars perthis polluted commerce In flesh and blood. The sixth citizens to all parts of tbe earth, wherever our flag floats,section requires the master of every ship, before samng wherever we have jurisdiction. Ia your own country, dtotolred if this doctrine wss enforced would be fulfilled,for sny port on tbe coast of Africa, to notify the Attorney and by the laws of nations, out of your own country, it to fie thought the Union could stand a little moreHAXPTOB ROADS, May 19, ltoU on whom to us Its aeoeders and regulars. Ho endorsed attorney, npon receiving such notice, to examine the blest eiii tea of Ihe lead, and you caa fine no spot of ground justice and truth would preserve It; but if the dissolution J m r o l r/tXe United States Steamer misatosfc Anotheras a bid for the Baltimore nomination as a compromise manof tbe United Statea for that district; and it requires the the duty of tbe republic to vindicate aad protect the hum- than that The government could aot fbe destroyed;Douglas'positionsinmostparticulars,andalso endorsed veite),toascertainwhethershetodesignedtobeengaged uponwhich itisnotthustbedutyofgovernment,except oftheUnionwastoresultfromthisprotection,letitcome. Slawr Captured—R*u betweentheStattoitsaadCraaa- la tbe African slave trade, and to continue such exam na- upon tbe Territories of tbe United States of America. That He would adhere to ao government that refused to grantA.H.Stephensletter,andyetsustainedtbeaeoedersIntionuntilberactualdeparture;andeveryshipdeparting,istoeonlyplacewhereittasottbeduty.Whytoitthatbimtheprotectionitowedhim.Mr.Toombsreadfrom der—QuickTnpfremKeyWetttnadetyAtenssaawla,de.their withdrawal, He criticised several of his brother or attempting to depart, in violation of tbto act, shall be where we bare exclusive jurisdiction by oarSenators, among them Doughs and Brown, neither of forfeited. This provision gives ample power to,and makes ccEstituticB, that Its powera cannot be used to pro- ittbedutyofthedistrictattorneysoftheUnitedStates, tecttberightsofpersonsandpropertyofeverywhom were present. These bids promise to consume to Institute the most searching investigations Into tbe human being under them? For what have we gov-Mr. Douglas' Fret pert speech to show that he asserted The I'nited Statea steam sloop of war WMBttoeto arrivedthe people of the Territories could exclude slave- to Hampton Roads Friday evening, sad toys anchored offrytospiteofthedeetotonofthoSapreme theNavalHospital.Shetooneofthesawsloops,and Conrt, which wss in direct opposition toa uch of the time till the meeting of tho Baltimore Con. venitoa.wscmxi-nors.The prospect in the Senate of passing tbe House TariffbJl is more favorable than heretofore supposed; twentyversors and Legislatures? For what bare w e Judges, courts, armies and navies, and tbe power to repress in- surrection and repel invasion? What to thto whole ma- chinery if you take away this principle ao essential to human bappiness aad preservation? Strike out tbat, and what have you? Nothing whatever. We hear a great deal of talk about popular rights and the sovereign- ty of the people, all of wblcb will do very well for a fourth of July oration; but, if we bare a government wblrb protects itself against violence from abroad, and sgatart disturbances of tbe people within, that to Its chief glory. But, when we inquire Into tbto system of government, tbe philosophical inquirer will see behindbis speech of July, 1869. He accused Mr. Douglas ofplaying at the game of " beads I win, tails you lose," andseeking by craft and cunning to do what it wss not bold-nets to do by opt n and manly effort. That was not thebargalo, and tbe Government could not be maintainedwithout observance of good faith. If the territorieswould tot obey the fundamental law of the tend bewould take tbe government from tbem, and give those two ports She draws but tea feet of water, aad, ofcharacter of all vessels sailing for the coast of Africa. A faithful execution of this section or tbe bill would make it most d fflcolt to tit out these slavers in American ports Tbe seventh section of the bill provides that, whenever say American registered vessel shall be sold to a otizf n of the foiled statea, at any foreign port or place tn Kortb or South America, the Westilndta Islands, thewas built at tbe Warrington Navy Yard, Florida. She to a staunch little craft, aad has proved succeasf ul; ber speed does not equal some of tbe larger sloops, but exceeds that of her own class Sate made the ran from Key West to Cape Henry to five daya and two boars, thto to about the quickest trip ever mado by a man of war betweenpH'yed in tbe African slave-trade, or that she to about to make a vcy go to ihe coast of Africa before returning to tbe United States, or shall charter a vessel of which he maynecessary. There ts no power tn this country, or in the people, to defeat aay man from a constitutional right, neither by Insurrection, nor craft, nor cun- ning. Law alone to sovereign in America. Mr. Tt-ombs referred to tbe taking ef a fugitive from Batten cown State street >ack to the South This was the ma-jesty of taw. But the taw cannot go into the Territories. It can go anywhere else, but it is said it cannot go there. He bad stated that thto principle could go by ita univer- sality everywhere, and he would now show tbat it bad often been carried into tbe Territories. We asserted this duty In relation to tbe Northwest Territory, and gave them a form ot government, and put the power into tbe hands cf judges, and declared what they might do and what they thculd not do. The first exercise of thto power wss to cover tbe cession or Tennessee. The power was put In tbe bands of thirteen judges, who mtgnt take tbe laws of any State for tbeir government. What bad be- come of tbe sovereigns? A sovereign to one who knowsMr. HAIBshould not trouble himself with what was tbe regular wing of the democratic party at Charleston, but People wbo are governed by lawa of others are could tell his Northern democratic friends that tbeia tbe Crusader, for a trial of speed, Was vessew started, tbeCrusaderalittleahead,butin sshorttimetheSemi: role shot ahead, and Capt ttsfflt grscefwhy lowered hisUnited States, for any district wherein be may be brought, or afterward found, shall forfeit and pay the sum of $10.oo'j, and shall be imprisoned for a term notthat be might know who were the friends of this mea thereof, suffer all the pains and penalties imposed by the Tbat was tbe way we started under Jefferson. Did weAbout half past elx o'clock A. M. the Ben Loder cast off ject of tbe demccracy was to defeat the action of the ber moorlDca and swung around Into the take. On the founders of U>e government to tbto respect. The de first application of steam to the machinery one of hersure. acts cf Ccngreee for wilful and corrupt perjury. The hare any authority to protect these people ? There isseventh, eighth and ninth sections were prepared and In- protection In the Territories, and protection under treaties, rat PASsxscrjt TRAFFIC nsrwinri xxw TORX A_VD SAX FBAX- troduced into tbe Senate in 1864, In tbe form of a bill for and made in pursuance thereof. We pledged the powermccratic party baa filled up tbe bench with politicians, and boilers exploded with a tremendous concussion. Tneworse than tbat, sought to make tbe Supreme boat, which te the largest upon the lake, was shattered to \ Court a sort of stockholder between the contending fac- all ber upper decks and workstionsoftheparty. ,He denied that the DredScoutde- pAtthetimeof theoccurrence,WilliamHillkms,theas- csloa boupd anybody on the political questions at issue. sistant engineer, wss to the engtae room. He was maim-CISCO. tbe more effectual suppression of tbe slave trade, by the Mr. Svkons, (rep.) of Mass., offered a resolution that late John M Clayton. The bill unanimously passed theof the government to protect these people to all theirrights while in the Territories. Ctngress passed a taw inlbCg, authorizing a person to take charge of the govern-ment. Congress gave to any person the Prssideut mightselect all the authority held by the Governor General of He next argued to show tbat tbe ordinance of 1787 had ed aad scalded terribly and died to a short time.the Committee on Commerce be instructed to Inquire Senate, but this wise and beneficent measure, Intended tobetter safety of passengers between New York and San rot acted upon in the H use o Representatives That HousewasthenengagedinagreatstruggletorepealtheMr.HALS,(rep)ofN.H,offeredajointresolution,souriprohibitionof1820,andhadnotimetoact to Insure success. Messrs. Toombs, Hunter thatbothhousesadjournoaMonday,the10thofJune. uponthishumaneandChristianmeasure. Hebad,ofthesegentlemen?Glorioussovereignty,indeedI11wasfurtherremarkedthatIndianapetitionedCongressforper- Tbefiremen,PatrickMooreandCharles0;Brian,to-doubted then—not until fifty years after—hat Congress bad exclusive jurisdiction over the Territories They gc verned tbem with an exclusive jurisdiction—decided all the taws. There is another remarkable fact as to this doc-The STKAEXS laid before the House a special messtge of the President, similar to that communicated to tbe Senate on Satnrday, recommending further legislation in regard to the recaptured AfricansIcofeiana was divided Into two Territories for conve- e ence rake. There were a very few people In that latt Territory, and Congress, by an act in 1804,lour.il on board, are well known. The oft-repeated failuresto convict in such cases are well known to the navalofficers, and cannot! an to repress their zeal, and thus raid that the Governor of Indiana should makerestrain tbeir action. By the eleventh section 1 pro- laws, and some of them are in existence to thtopose to release the naval officers from any responsibil-ity for arresting any vessel suspected of being engagedin the slave trade, aud thereby leave them free to exer-cise their own judgments In making arrcsta, uninflu- Territories,if the United States, and that precedent of the the coast cf Cuba. Hence there should be prompt action enced by sny apprehensions or legal prosecutions. pecple of this government, nntll this day, has been uni*day, so tbey were not governed by their own taws even, but fey the psopio of another Territory; and yet, after that, people talk cf the sovereignty of tho people In tbeMr. BFA.VH, (dem.) of N. C , said in addition to the staves recaptured by the Mohawk, unofficial information had been received that another cargo had been seised onJ. J. BoUroN, Juai>oe of tae Peace for Jersey City. 1 think, Mr. Editor,thto to eoacluaive.Yours respectiuUr, WM. WEBB.Williamsburg City fftws. Arnnn-iD Brant*— A man named John Btorkempreported ,a joint resolution, which was passed, authoris-honor of the nation, sent to setae regions where markets or tbe present. Tbey have not only failed to preserve ss by constitution and by law, tbe right to govern ing the enlargement of tbe branch of toe Louiaville and trict, yesterday, charged with attempting to take the lifethe refined aad nice sensibilities of chivahic gen- crease tbe duties of" lbs judicial officers of tbe United er of tbe country to protect everybody but your own peo- Una formation of tba Cabinet, aad at bis option either the tlemen, whose ardent souls hunger and thirst for the revi- States In the examination of ships intended to sail for tbe ple, ia your own Territories. Our aext acquisition wascolored persons imported in violation of the laws or thecountry. Such, Mr. Pretident, are the provisions proposedto be incorporated into the statutes of the republic, byorganized, "secret leagues'formed, and "filibuster, ex tbe enactment of this bill. Existing statutes, however Territorial condition, and It waa asserted in every pos- pedtttons,'' in violation of neutrality laws, tbe faith and wisely framed, are Inadequate to meet tbe necessities sible form for titty years, holding by treaty, as wellheated imaginations with dazzling dreams of commercial grandeur, supremacy aad glory. American ••commer- cial conventions' are bold, 'African labor atSKtotions"ot protection; and If there were no such stipulation, the principle would stand by the laws ot nations. Nobody questioned the right of Congress to control tbem hi aman, providing for evening sestionnThe rteolutioa wss adopted—120 against 66.TBS LOOSVLLB CAJtAL.Mr. MAUXRY, from the Committee on Roads and CanalsThe programme moat popular to, that Mr. Seward shall enoept the mtauon lo EngianJ, when tbe whole influence as* tba goverameat, shoe! i Linoom bo elected, will ba aaad to make Seward President next time. The absence af Mr. Seward will, it is believed, greatly aid In bringingda desirable objectMthat tbe people of the United states have always been this bill to tbe Judiciary Committee, and I ask tbe mem- tect these people la their lives, liberty aad property, and .J?J??!!** °5 I - L? * . «M House, under a tuspen- Tbe affair occurred on a farm near Wyckoff to Woods.President, I stated upon the authority of aa Informant slon of the roles, took up the Homestead bill aa amendedhostiletotheAfrican slave trade;but,inspiteoftheir bersoftbatcommitteetogiveittheirearnestattentionand inthereflgloa tbeyprofessed,until tbey becamestrong lln K!^D»,e-«odsubatltutedtherefortheoriginalHouse Theaccusedwascommittedtojailtoawaittheactionof,6en.Tottea.oftbeEngineerCorps,thoughsufferingwellknownandoftrepeatedsentiments,aadofvariousfavorableconsideration.ShouldItbaretbefavoroftheenoughtoentertbecommunityofStates.ThereforethebUn>y104against39.Sothesubjectwillagaingotothethegrandjury. paralysis, waa present, being supported by two of acts of leg'elation, sanctioned by the general voice of tbe committee, should it receive tbe sanction of Congress and duty of Congress to protect them to a constitutional dutyunsullied the American bag upon the seas,and to preventAmerican ships, navigated by American seamen, fromparticipating to the guilty commerce in flesh and bloodbetween Africa and Cuba and Brazil- but they have railedof an enlightened age Mr. Wilson then proceeded to to preserve the American soil from the polluted tread of New Mexico and California, was by sucoesful war,African captured aad delivered to any United Slates There ta a vitality ta them tbat to shaking our aoctal poll- te ry as much as ansbodrta nlfti,',' **» u »e l r Srri- debate now going oa to tawjetodod. was registered at Montreal as J. W. Broehaw. His agoTOSS fa to WOO The olject of this isoresie «3fdenying the bad principles, aad did not waha fend prin- tortKia of the earth, and in two » « £ . .i!*1 ' * ° " e^rjcipletofortify ittelf byprecedents. ItisourdutytoBBS selfforaomisaioo.. Staterw toTc^^£*nt*'1 »•'routs, with the entire mall, without additional oompensa-Sec 1 Andbelt further enacted, Thatthe PoetTrustor General to hereby authorized to agree with the contractaE. H.Hyde, Esq, Presidentofthetural Society, announces that the tr-Agrtcoi ._ .. . .oanger aa a <i*sger at a cataaee. aad warn toe oouatryefts, w/bea epanstosa waa made to thetocwrporattonofnewpriaetptoaaadbadprsaetoltsttwidsc4dotogetridcf it ty erjirg sbjlrsctkn. 2 e then reiirred to the fifth 'ft 1If "»»"7 California oM BWt^tons?tot%\prohJbI1Untitled Document»-^T»w«fss» assise, ors on roots 12,678. from St. Lous to San Franekco for tuch modification ofJhe contract as will provide for to- irwaard speed, and the tuppijiag of intermediate officesThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069toss ratal to atosaaahasnato, bas made Ita way toto Cueaecticnt,anYthat cattle have diedof'ttta8»8erd,Tol&tondcouBty. It to proposed by tbe feghtonwre to eenfthe two commissioners to Windham county, to ascertain tnef»cta about it there.thu-g a i d entitled to some sort of pssassalna Bat Caa-ats to general they are subject to another modification.IttosometimesbetterforaStatetosubmittotbewrong tion,whichitwaaagreedtoleavetothedeetotonoftbeSu- masterGeneral,andthattbepostageonthroughbitters,ttaverv to protection tn the Territories. He bad no idea that Mr. Dooglaa' prediction that the Union would befor carrying tbe overland mails onder thto tow aball e x - tixty-Ioar.S a v a l Intelligence.OUR HAMPTOM KOAP8 COBRBSPONDsWOK.stave code. He controverted Mr. Brown's position that sad work like a charm.Mr. TASK made an explanation in regard to the actionnot to any of the wars la which thto conntry has beenthe trouble to make himself fully acquainted with tba real facta of tbe caee, ana fur a stouter or»j*ct.1 neither canted directly Bur indirectly the arrest of the boy Griffith; and as my repctation te at stake, I hope yon will allow me, through your great leating journal, to wipe off this foul libel on my character. It is bad enough to get a stab to tbe dark; bat to be calumniated throughand an ineffectual motion was made to table itMr. SHXRMAH, (rep.) of N Y , proposed an amend- ment, substituting thelStb, which Mr. Montgomery ac-THB PACXnC RAILROAD,T H B HOMBSTBAD BUJL V J0Tloaded with shot, but fortunately none of them took effect.power cf tbe government pledged to sustain it Yet tarbu^nt"*""*" , n r o u «h o , r t w e r e "">'• « * * ordinarily deceased, married Rev. Mr. Root, a Congregational minis- be was called npon to %rgws ^^ TigbL ^ ^ « ter, then settled In Williamsburg, ntass. They subse-pliedI, that be would appeal to their acsteens? a?d teat ^ { / J S ! ? "*? w u t e d to a» into Committee ot the Whole attachment for a gentieman of tbat place, toe husband of[Tbe rsssstossatto the African waters, ta cisapttanee bototsg them have been denounced as entertaining toe jt urney downward. i C V J L • • . oonttaoa ocean service by way of the Isthmus for the transporU Offiesr Wetberbee, Of Ashburnbam, aa scon as the factoOcean a a d Overland Mail Service srltat weeks sgo the guDty parties secretly left SprmffiM aadthe Pacific States*Tbe following bill has been agreed upon by the Califor-nia delegation as an amendment to toe House bill" for tbetransportation of the mails between the Atlantic and Pa-cificStotea." IttounderstooditsatisfiesallInterestscon- aeceunto came frem Ohio that all wss nottoeyaaatoaot^rfesia^tt: IStoStalt?1!,?*^ttd TbatthePostmasterGeneralfeeandtoherebyauthorised toaboutforty-oneyears,sadbeclaimstobeamenoftieal, and even moral systems to their very foondatiooa.Tfety are struggling to be recognized,sad upon their re- muet act | o there. It w M a s W i T t r ^ ' • ^ torerj aad directed to contract with tbe contractors m route food reputation, high social position sad excellent bus!oegmtien depends tbe penes sad safety of the sjtosa.Bat if these resolutions are abstractions, they arescarcelyletsworthycfconsideration. Thegreatques-tion Is: Are they true? Be referred to the Chirac- waa logical, and b e ^ S ^ e ^ f l ? ^ J * " 1 *• i S tteratks of American people—that they Judged of dan »o bear fa.m argue toeTaestto. J ? ° ^ H e *"** «*Bger by toe badness of a principle One of the great- State (Georgia) P t e a l l y ; * ^ 1 , ^ ? " * * * • ** own It paid between S t Joseph, Mtosouri. aad PtaoervUle, for the only person whom aha feed ever loved, est of oor own statesmen, who has been called can decree akahBhsns; ttaverv T ? ^ . * * * a Mexi- California, in twenty daya' time, provided the ssrvtoe sen friends in Ashburnbam stand very high to thaitbe lather of tbe contrttutiea said be belli thrs jealousy of be obtained trmi- weekly at a compensation not to exceed ef that commaaity, sad are deeply grieved fey the totsdangertobetbefirstdctyof the eitires. Theywho ad *>JfW WM*>«wrs4toQSKntaJa-HUll 00,,q,M,t fourhundredanasixty twothousanddollarspar annum tuationof whichshehasbecome tbetoowllltogrioton.bada«docbtbutBanlirowaa^k!?J!, dthe cosmt.ition to a c o v V s n n A w ^ * ^ withbell,sndbewouldhar2n^.d,e*?•»*• leaguenets connections, ail of which he baa abandoned to pur- suit or kta tatatuatten. Mrs. Itoot, who to about thirty yearsefsge,complainedbitterlyoftheunhapplneasof her marrtece relations, sad deetored ber determined pur- pose to absadon husband, friends, honor—everything,in the route with toe entire veils, if tbe ea-ae >sn bowss taken before Justice Catahan, of the Pastern Dis-came to Massachusetts together. Tbe woman, desiringtosee her trinds to thto country before she toft them for- www.fultonhistory.com 