 JAM KM U O H 4 > O S • at • • UUTOR AKB rROPJUKWMLgrr .* H. •.r«F >uJfUJ -•m%. ~ (9 ar» *«•• PMOTiJFueic—..»W.Tmet Ung wii; b e found tn another cotutmi./?)* r«u>tiJr#j—waul •«•van XXVAMI SEMES TS THIS ETKXUtO,reply o f Mi. Anderson, the Assistant CocpoiaUoa break to piece* and fall, without a single wall •acond to none iu intelligence, activity, outer- Counsel. from any quarter, or even hardly a common ex prise and all the other elemonta of commercialThe Board o f Uelagates o f Amer-Lan laraelitas presaion of regret. T h e tw o great fragmentsheld a a adjourned meeting last evening. Among of the old orgauUiLum proceeded to act on the greatness.tie resolution.- passed wascne relative to obtain- customary lottos, and brought forward their Consistently with the business habits and ptac-sation kmcDg t h e republicans. The journals comment njpcu it very freely, and. as a general thing, 4*enji tn think that Hun. M**»ft Oreeley has ccaie Out rather toe strongly in favor ol the Fourrierlte ana" frp* lore section of the party. Tbe Cbjfvsiier iVebb to in an awful state of mind ajboyt It. Oer military tad diplomaticI.ATRA KjX.vrS THSATiE. A»«K.. »> i .>f»iM.Union.Ma*tt*r Nataaniel Green, she having been captured without any great political issues. The policyT_e An.erican Lloyd's Marin* Register says the Thuo. Athorn belongs to Messrs. Yates, Porterfield A Co.. of t_i» city. She was cleared in this city onthe27thofMarchlast,byJ".M.Parker,forRio Janeiiu. under the command of Captain Parker.The Atglo-Saxon, from Liverpool August 2, ar- rived off Farther Point yesterday afternoon, bring- ing t w o <lajs later news. T h e only important point receitrd by this arrival is the announcement that the Convention between t»e great Powers re- lative t o t h e S\ rian question had been signed a t Paris. The Damascus and the Edinburg arrived a t thisportlaatevening,buttheiradvicesharebeen anticipated by the Adriatic. The weather in Eng- land continued favorable for the crops, and bread-stuffs were unchanged.Tl:e steafishjp Persia was reported to be comingup the bay {yesterday evening, and, in consequence, a uumber if persons who have friends on board assembled a t her dock in Jersey City, and anxious- ly awaited her arrival till a late hoar. The Persia is now in her eleventh day out, having sailed on the 4th in>l, and may be expected to-day.intellect? which commenced soon after the in- auguration of President Adams, in 1824, and which for three Presidential terms raoged the advocatesofconflictinginterestsandideaswith a sharpness that left no room even to imagine the existence of a third party. The democratic policy triumphed, and its antagonists dissolved, confesefrig tbat the theories for which they had so long battled had become obso- lete ideas. Without a strong oppesitionJTHE| MonaRN GRSESS IN THE Y'AVKEE he complied with the demand he could not ob- ATaE>is.—We hear thatithe Puritan city is on tain his papers from the Consulate.ne-> wa>extremely dull. TheIndianswereex- tr.inel> belligerent, and a fight h a d occurred be- tween them a n d t h e government troops. Some Kiowa Indians, who had been taken prisoners and confined a tk nt'» fort, were released through fear of an attack on that position.ferent points, and in no instance has there been should we not revive these halcyon days, and volution ; Lincoln had proclaimed in Illi- tbe Commissioners. If divided, the sum com- tbe slightest deviation from that time table, it redeem the age from the atipoau cf degeneracy :1evening from t h e coast o f Africa, i n charge oon the 27th of Jane by the United States steamer of the govern—.eat in finance and material de-any body for a single moment.the imprisoned sea: van and twelve dollars due tohimatthetimeofhisarrest,whichsumthe shipmaster paid under protest. becau.se uniestwith only private and selfish ends to 3»rve. andanimadversion or threat for the probable whose; works cannot be properly illustrated after all, not such a very severe and self-deny-NEW YORK HERALD. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 15 lflfiO.wni on tiie *ppt precisely * t thefco<»r, b u t t s *j ! i : 1 . - 4 a t ' I ; . - S ' t i . - U i u t * - " H a n i , , i n Vi a l l a t i e * " , t o g a t e * T o . l a y t h e c o n t e n t o f f a n a t i c f a c t i o n Y o r k - U r n t a d M e t r o p o l i t a n r t a n q a r t . t a U l l a r y s d l d n o t m a k e t h e i r s p p e a r n n c * A f t e r f l a s s t d B e l l m m h s v e p u t o p s f u s i o n t i c k e t ;NKW YORK HERALD. i U l the pre' i. inary »tep* U».»nl* «,<*>«* * publw •gain rages, and thongs the three thousand Wo Invite attention to t^o proceeding* nf «, waiting Un* tisv: be rode off with ht»staff, and in Kentucky, Dc*gla* mm, stell svo and black»T»,' SI StM .Up—teiciibvo au ' Juinei tc> the It in-e of Wale* %,n<1 clergymen »re not s««a In the political field, BteMing held yesterday, at ths Murchntits' bad redebed Charlswtown bridge wb*a the republicans cooperated ia tbe late State elec- hut suite, ,»1 the Aradoitiv of Music, on hi* ai:U ii the leader* wo reiterating their revolnUonarj Bank,to consider the character of the Cornell cctrpart csine panting after him Wa*hl«igi«tt tion ; in Maryland the republicans have pot ,,B taJ',.iscity, Acommitteeofwv««wanappointed anddestructiveappealstoexcitedfanaticism tateutwhichitwouldbeproperto©ff#rtoMte spt.'-gMedftrleavingwithouttaem,butstated ansieetofilticketoftheirown,inordertoe> to rnT"»<fN' icnt«sltatcly to Csuada »ndgi\e th e and the wildest local prejudices of tbe North. Mace of Wslei on tie occasion of his visit to timt be # M up tc time, asd not finding them skrUs breaklogdown the Bell party, lathsInvitsttoa ()'hercosainitteesof gene >i anange Whilethisconditionofthings hasbeende- HewYork. Thecallemanatedfr«>msomehalf eqtisilylwinjct'iftl,bes pposedsoweaccidentb*d late Missouri •taction Breekisrtegs mensnt 05ei»!»were>l*oappointed.AfoV.repOitoftlicvelopingInthesectionalNorthernparty,othersdc«engentlftmonoccupyingaforemostposi-ocrwrs?)to'detainthem,snd,a»healwaysIteptDouglasmenco-operatedsgaiutBellmensadlear*statetl.attioi»n,»UnportionOftheparishol South.Intentonpettyends,thepoliticalwire-whichnotonlymarkedtheinteresttakenIn aleafoitofthebookofWoshingtoaorthecommonelectoralticket,whitetheDouglasfss- I'U.pwtuin* is snbtnergrd, and »;nt)'famihf Aleft pullers and demagogues began at Charleston, the subject matter of the requisition, but the Prioce if Wale*, it would b« s great coared* tlon have set up s ticket of tiejtr own. Coiidnling full statistics o f the Israelites in this country. (|cal character of the gentlemen who assumed Srv»*d—»jr -Karsrmux Ftsraas- and another that education should be promotedby platforms and their candidate Hut these the initiative in this matter, Ittook but fewITS AKR;I.V» MT^ECH. BTOIUWST.—Day RAKNrJTSi AMKRXAXi-.r-|tr*tripi«jisona*.Discs*.Be*JJc**<J**,—-J_»- and etrtdppedatPhiladelphia. intheSouth.The cotton market w.\a firmer vest^rdsy anil more ro* It ia this conservative uprising in the South great deal of attention and comment abroad.RRT ^VTS- pflVSTRKls Modus*** Han. tTt Brautwav.- five, l b s »sles footed up about a,W0 A 3,000 bties. that now points out to the conservative in-braskabill. Withthat actbeganthedissolu-Vtall or i** Prtnrs nf Wales to »••»of equal Importance have been working out la tion amongst our cltfwn* for their wealth and his appointments, be was cooBpeHed to proceed. black repnblicans. fx New Jersey the Beech- •Vrtlier S'-rouuU of th e bU> slonu at New Or the old democratic orgaulxatioo. aud In the influence, and it wt» responded tc iu a manner if th»i issieagers of out pageants would take inrtdg* men snd Beit men Lave fused upon shonielesa, ThelowerpartofUiecltyof NewOr leans w a s tMerflowed, a n d property was greatly dam as ell.andconaumoAtedatItaltltnore,theAnalbreak- ooufidencefeltbythe'puolifltntheIndividuals tog t>p of that organization, which had con- Whoso names Wore attached to it. The. atencft to the publicTltk bitpVsf.TKn Wfctl't ItBWJtHsTK* TBJC Ot?B-fusewiththe"Breckii;ridgediscsic-ahtts''on say terms- in Penokylvanis a nomiasl fasten has been agreed upon between the Breckinridge sad Douglas democrscy. b a t some of the Douglas met have kicked out of the traces In Newtinued Its triumphs long after the political is tendance comprised an unusually large repre-In Ui« Suprrne Court yesterday. Judge Sutherland, sflier the argument ef ex Attorney General sues that had conslituteduts life bad ceased to sentation of our metcautlle aristocracy, and the v..v PfANtt w tut SLt.nnucis pMTWaSM.—Cbatfteid for an injunction to restrain the payment exist. It wan a significant indication of the utmost «*:tgc»i ness WUH manifested to render Tbe 7vk-^ doctrine of free lovo, as well asof the M0&.00C for the expenses of tlie Japanese feeling In tlie popular heart, wheu that time whatever detnnnatration might be agreed upon free sol arid free n*gro<*t, as set forth tn the Yoi k fusion sad Confusion are nearly equally„ w *• rt, Ws-uv HnuiA r*snur b t | » . «•»•»*»• Embassy, denied tlie motion, witliout hearing th e honored and once mighty power was seen to in every way worthy of a community which is fsmottsjGujroe-j letter, has created oo little sen-mixed, but confusion will probably carry Up day. O n . Gustevus Adolpav-j Screggi. tat right-hand man of IffUard Fillmore, hat latelymade a flsming speech for " Lincoln tti victo- ry," and yet be st|U exercises the authority of Calling a State Convention cf the subordinate councils of the late great American partyIt will thi.4 be *4*n that cur political parties, Hr\4d«ri;.-Tten Kara ra»—~ school for the education of young m en for the the people. The partisans of Uouglas have Ifords to ajran«e u programme which promises cotempprajry takes upon himself the task of here, there and eVerywhere. ere inexplicablyW'.VVSR •4ARPKV.Wil.l.WK* THEATRE. SnmJwar,-H*"n *]•»»- l.«. l W«» t$-l «0 F*Tl»*.i»„meeting at Philadelphia.The Benrd of Aldermen, rf Hostou have refusedto license the proposed pugilistic exhibition la that city for the benefit of John C . Heenau. Heeuau arrived in Philadelphia last evening.to give full effect to the opinions so frequently keeping the motalsof his political associates North, nnd are t'orced to seek alliances and fptpPMed in this journal. In view of ths dis- In good]order. Although he is eminently fittedmixed up, act tiai the vario•;« elements oppos-ed to Lincoln are fightfn? more rioientiyagainst each otheir t b a ' against the commasex e_.y. Who could have supposed tba*. o n eE o.WKW roWKST THKATRK, *«»—~f—*U>s«V« C*UT»-iittle experiment U. Congress for the sweet voiceBivadwsr-O-»office op Mentor, yet s-cb Is the depravity of fjelr friends at the Japanese ball, all civic co- the yo|uag scamps, like Greeley &. Co., thatthe eetabUshiuent o f local schools, with a higl. have failed to awaken any entn dawn amoug ministry. T h e Board will hold i t s next annua; tried in vain to make a strong party in thecombinations in order to preserve even a sera- bianco of Ufe; while the defeat of the Breckin-grace brought upon our community by the by pgej, experience and associations for thePniu»>^iLi. tonus. lv*sc», s c - i . o 'WAT. BOTA. Prices c.wod firm a t t h e quotations g:wa ia another In order that all the political benefit of which tempen and scolds away like a n enraged fish dowing anti slavery republican party. But theHixn.KY Jt CAXrunu/S OPERA HOrjSR, SSS Rro*d cciumn. Fio.r. la consequence of the uiclemeacy of the terests of the North the path they should follow, It is si swptible may be derived from it, it was wife, culling the Trh'jms philosophersfilthyand end is net yet. W e are only approaching tbar»5 -KtBioriu jso*«3. Bmuaacss, D*scas, AC.-—tests*weather, w a s iaactive, ami tales of State aau Wester a and the duty they should fulfil A series of resolved that the demonstration should be cf a were mode'ste an.l rather easier far eoramoj Ur.aJs. ultra Southern resolutions, got up by petty character to elicit a free and genial interchingeof pubt'.c*t;«av'them, and comprehend the tendencies of thedeep and all pervading revolution which is leave to their brethren in the North the likeduty of defeating the destr ctive designs of the Northern fanatics.This is the key to the remarkable political revolution which has already been witnessed in some of the Southern States, and which is rife inmanyothersofthem. Thegreatconserva- tive vote, which comes out only on occasions of imminent danger, will accept neither Breckin-maining committees a r e t o have charge o f all the details connected with the banquet, upon which no expense is to be spared. The decorations are to be of the most gor- geous description, the parquette of the Aca- demy is to be boarded over, and tbe tables ex- tended from the balcony to the end of the stage. On the arrangements for cooking, seve- ralthousanddollarsaretobeexpended,the building being deficient in all the requirements which the entertainment of such a large num- ber of people necessitates. The boxes are to be almostentirelydevotedtoladies,andtheeffectcal abjclitionists. in which category Lincoln the captain of the bark, after s fruitless applimust lie reckoned, 'and th e TWbune's publica- cation for his release, was compelled tc go totion of the Gurney letter is only a piece of cor- tea without him. The United States Consular}roborative testimony. T h e Tn mne has been Agent acting under t h e instructions of hit su-true tcj the tenets cf its party, while the Cheva- perior, the United:States Consul at Bremen, de- lier Wpbb endeavors to clcakthem under a veil manded and obtained from Captain Pendleton cf morality altogether too flimsy to deceive the master of the bark, three months' wages forS T I E S CanUtsnt •tr*w«.-aii<»t Jt»«0 JO*.10licenti(|us fellows, aud declaring that nice, cleanrepublicans of t h e Co We, school will havenothint to do with such naughty people who domestic use and for export. Wheat was somewhat irre men in a small confederation than they are in -Countries who may be enabled to take part in prostitjite, the press, and cause the uprightbeginning cf the end ; for tbe indications cf tae day are that this revoi u tic nary condition cf par- ties is but the prelude to the most * tremendousrevolutionary events. i••V A R J RATIOS All VPAl.A'^KCAJiTFRB •RT CONCERTHALUSOBroadwaT.-tosos, Dines*.Be csa. Ac*ew Vorjfc, W««l»*****»r. A.-_mst i». ! - < • • • ' HAILS FOR EUBOPE.politicians, who believe they will b e greaterroarteesUi etrset.—Vorit ARO la <ular and ia fur demand with about an averige amo-int o' one majestic and mighty, and passed by the It With this view it was agreed that a grandS5o.tUiera flour WAS steady an 1 in good request, both lor©f sentiments between the statesmen of the twosates. Corn was be»w for mixed lots, sa! stealv forround yeilow an 1 white Western Pork w a s quiet a a u Alabama Legislature, led to the Yancey seces- sales limited, .eluding new mass at 119 23 ai new sion movement at the Charleston Convention,Webb \o come to grief. W e can see why the banquet at the Academy of Music would be the Chevaljier set> up this terrific howl. He hopesprimeai $14. Tne raia interfered with sa.es sugars; the market, however, was steady, with a fair iu«iu.ry from the trade, about 60C hhds. were sold, at rates given in another place Co dee was quiet, but fine t h e stock of Rio amounted to only 1,097 bags, and tbe toti' or bigsand culminated in the nomination of Breckin-ridge at Baltimore. The instincts of the South-ern people led them at ence to suspect the de-signs of the disunion plotters. They saw in thedividednominationsoftheolddemocraticparty a determination to contribute to the elec-tion of a sectional andfanatical Northernmost proper and fitting expression of the sense by abusing his confreres of'the 7Wfer,< to re- the compliment conferred upon them by the rous social doctrine?. But this sort of thingcurred recently in (the port of Bremerhaven to the American bark Sarah Park. According to law a seaman vclujctsrily discharged by a ship- masterin»foreignpertisentitledtothree months' wages, and the United States Consul is required tc demand the same from tbe captain before furnishing his clearance papers. Ia this case, however, a seaman w a s arrested and im-lorst Herald—Edition for andmatsofallkindsto29,749. Freightsweresteady;Tbi K«W/Tbf C-a»rd mail awamthip ASIA, Capt. Lott, will leavethe chief business doing was to Liverpoo to which port wheatwasengagedinship'sbxjsn10'•,c,an'250bbls. flour at SiKsirop*.of the republican party. They also accept Lin- coln as the representative cf the new social movement by which the overthrow ot all laws which interfere with entire freedom of actionPresident, a n d thus bring about a state ofihi*porttolay,torUverpool. Fish,WilsonG.HuntandRobertL.Kennedy,Tbe European ma.is wilt close u> this city taio morn lag at half past ten o clot It.The Pcajtttux EWTWWor rat HtxtLn * ill be published at tea o'clock m t h e morning. Single copies, in wrap-per*, i t ceata.Tie coni<*]is of the Ento?«A» EDTTNKCor rat HKRALDwill combut the c»«ra received by mail and telegraph at the office during the previous week, and up to the hourCourse o f O u r Happy Revolution—The Results ntheSowtttPointtotl-ieDuty of the Worth.The great features of the present politicalcampaign a r e beginning t o stand o u t with adistinctness that even he who runs may readtilings which would b y fcrce make them dis- unionists in self defence. While, therefore, they are resolved to a man tc defend their rights, it attacked b y a n aggressive Northern fanaticism, they have determined to rebuke even the suspicion of disunionism a t home, and towas instructed to proceed to Canada to tender_____ TM___—____ ,o u tMysti'-.onKhesappositionthatshewasaslaver. velopementwassettledLathestragglecfglaatThe Sews*The t risj Thoa. Achorn arriTcd a t this port LastworkinginitselfFor nearly twenty years parties have beeneverysectionof th eshameless proceeding* of th e Aldermen a n dridge tickets in Kentucky and Missouri, operation was Ignored, and the arrangements they cjnly laugh at the old chap, and gorived in the iviaware yesterday evening from Pana- cratic vote in North Carolina, shmv conclusive- mercial standing offers a guarantee that we same [ as ever. The Chevalier b sa little Presidential experiment of the Kansas-Ne-cf the South ecu Id have done all this mischief! The United States steam frigate Powhatan ar- and the immense falling off trom the old demo confided tc gentlemen whose social and com- on in") the path* of wickedne>a just the And jet the whole of it may be traced to thatma, i" he is to b e thoroughly overhauled, repaued ly the conservative revolution that b going ou shall have nothing to blush for in connection terribly Cut up by thin G rney letter, andWith an event which will naterally excite aso annoyed by the damaging effect which it will tion of the democratic party and tae Atcericaahave u )on tbe party prospects, that he loses bis party, and tbe uprising of this pretest oversha-As L.TEEErr:xo|QcE«mov r< s Sfrr?ow~HSH.— A very curious case, which cannot be devoid of entertained by the citizens of New York of lieve tie party from the stigma of its pestife interest to the owners and masters of ships, oc-Prince's visit. No less than ten committeeswere appointed to carry out the different ar- ney people come as the logical results of the rangementsconsequentuponthisdecision.One, doctrinesacceptedbyaverylargeproportion composed of Messrs. W. B. Astor, Jno. A. King,W. F. Havemeyer, Rcbt. B. Minturn, Hamiltonridge nor Douglas, but throws its weight in fa-voroftheseeminglyemptynominationofBell. But it is the weakness of this nomina- which the presence of sc many beautiful and advent in Boston of the Beaicia Boy-and his at- On arriving in England, it appears that the tion which constitutes its strength. It pro- elegantly dressed women will impart tc the tendant apostles of muscular Christianity. captain laid the case befcre Mr. Campbell, theclaims no policy for future political action— This aiispicious event is to take place on Friday United States Consul at London, and Mr. Davy, scene will be unusually brilliant and dazzling. tbe Consul at Newcastle-on-Tyne. both of whomonly present defence of the constitution and Ia the many ovations to which the young heir to next, ^nd it is evidently regarded as most im"the Union—and thus binds men to no new the British throne is destined in the course of portant. The distinguished modern Greek will gave as their opinion that the demand for extra party theories. In taking this course, the con- the splendid career that lies before him, he will hold bks levees in a temple of art. the Boston wages in behalf of an imprisoned seamen would servative interests of the South exhibit their probably never receive any that will leave a Music Hall; his gladiatorial arena will be pitch- affect a ship unjustly, and should not have beento concentrate its energies and its alms it wasnaturaltbatthedemocraticpartyshouldloveforandperformthewholeoftheirpre-mereagreeableandintoxicatingimpressionedoveragainstthestatueofBeethoven,and made.Thecaseisapeculiarone.andwethinkbecome degenerate. Its triumphant organiza- sent duty to tlie wl»e and beneficial Union upon his mind. He may, perhaps, derive from the Isthmian games will take place directly un- tion passed into the hands of mince capacities, which our fathers established, without any it the conclusion that republican simplicity ia, der the august nose of the great composer,should be laid befcre the Secretary of State, and the opinion of the Attorney General as to the interpretation cf the law be obtained upon it. It is at best a question of doubtful justice; and it appears to us that if a seaman can obtain three months' wages, and procure a release from his obligations, Upon deserting his ship in s foreign port, by committing some slight breach of a municipal law. involving perhaps a merely nominalpenaltyt itmaybeveryhardspoafor the last dozen years their corruption has course of the North. There is in it a true ing a condition of things as he has been tavght cutsidje of the Trimountain City. We presume offended the sense of all right minded men A fraternity, which the conservative interests at to believe. that a select company of musicians will per-temporary reaction, a few years since, gave a the North should imitate. ' It is proper to add that, although this form the Ninth Symphony between roi ads.andsudden vitality to the Know Nothing organiza- It is then the duty of all the conservative banquet originates with the merchants, its man- the Handel and Haydn Society mighttion; but the proscriptive sentiment which interests here to unite for the defeat and agement is not to be confined to that body. give,the ''Hallelujah" chorus as a finaleanimated that movement was utterly distaste- rebuke of Northern fanatical sectionalism. The list of the general committee embraces to the show. President Felton should fultotheAmericanheart,anditsparty Theyshouldallcombineforthatpurpose,and gentlemenofallthedifferentprofessions,as beonhandwithasalutatoryinGreek,and,asOurioirespondentatI'ioJaneiro,writingunderdate of Jul^ 5 , says :—" The French and Englishstiamei-»hkhhaverecentlyarrivedherehavebrought \«ry unfavorable account* o f coffee, bothiu Frani e ami England. T h e markets there wereKlutted.atahpricesrecededfullyfivetosix per cftherottenandcorruptdemocracywascon-cent. Tlni news Las affected the market here, and summated. The Kansas-Nebraska bill, withits wirepullers will permit the combinations to be whole community.afallof:.(t) resper arobahas takenplace.The repealoftheMissouriCompromise,and itsmade. Ifthereisnottimetobringoutsome ItiatheintentionoftheManagingCommittee,.-ale- for loist month were S'5,*.(H) bags, of which 43,- formal introduction of the moral questionof new man before the election is to take place, we understand, to invite General Scott to pre- mous.' posed to Lincoln shall b e united or divided in.".14 were f«r the United States. The stock in port slavery as a political issue, was the fruit of the then let the conservatives ia every State take side on this occasion. No better selection In 4rd.er still further to maintain the antique tbe November election. T h e Regency organi> :io.(x;() t.*g^, all sold. The crop will not exceed petty minds tbat controlled the democratic at once such action as will prevent the vote could be made than that of the first soldier of forms. We perceive that the "Boy"' is to hold a at Albany has been throwing o u t some signifi-_.OH).000bags.Flourisinfairsupply.Stock organization.ItsresultssoonbegantobethereoffrombeingthrownforLincolnandtherepublic,whosegallantdeedshavegainedleveeespeciallyforladiesandchildren.Therecantthreatsofaconfirmedrupturebetween:>4.'oo baiteU, and prices range from 16|j500 t o seen. Instead of giving a living issue and new tbe revolutionary schemes which his fanatical for him a worldwide reputation, and who$e is to be a strictly crinoline "Muscular Mati- the Douglas and Breckinridge factions, and thisnee"—no men are to b e admitted on any ac-is generally expected. T h e Breckinridge Con- tive. F.\changeonLondon'26d." •* fosteredtheimpracticableandworthlessaims ThepartisansofBreckinridge.BellandDouglas frequently elicited warm eulogiums from counttothisdelightfulaffairforthefair. Itis ventionofthe7tbappointed aCom-itteeof Piles of Caracas, Venezuela, papers have been of a set of ultra Southern politicians, ia the North all claim to be true conserva- British statesmen. From no lips can the words related in ancient history tbat patrician ladies Conference to sound this Douglas Convention receivedtoJuly24. Onthe20thanewMinistry and disgusted the common sense of tive?,sndtchavetheperpetuationoftheUnion ofwelcomeandoffriendlygreetingfallmore were-amongthemostconstantattendantsat upon the subjectofa coalition, andifthatwas nominated, which immediately entered on the the people North and South. Professional at heart. Let them unite, then, without refe- acceptably on the ear of the young Prince, and the Olympic games, and in Rome they watched committee be deceatly received there may b e a performanceofitsduties. Thetrialofex-Presi- politiciansanddemagoguesintheNorth,ofthe rencetofuturepoliticalaction,insuchmanner weonlytrustthatthegallantchiefsoccupa- thedjeaththroesofthegladiatorswitheager treatyofpeace. TheBell andEverettmendentCastroandhitMinisterswasprogressing, samepettycalibreinstatesmanshipwiththe asmaybestconducetothedefeatofLincoln. tionsandhealthwillpermithimtodischarge eyesandpartedlips,whenstrongmenshud- standreadytohitchon;sotua*everythingde- thoughveryslowly. Thenewsfromtheinterior Southernpartywirepullers,seizedtheoccasion NewYork,Pennsylvania,NewJersey,Connec- thedutieswhichthecommitteeseektoimpoSe deredandturnedaway.Juvenalsatirizesa pendsuponth$gameoftheRegency.Theis still little else beyond accounts of cowardly and in order to turn it te their own profit. A moral ticut acd Rhode Island can be carried against upon him. noblej Roman lady for throwing herself at the only chances o f any*Mng good frem them ore cruel minders,women,oldmen,andevenlittle propaganda,basedonthequestionofslavery, himwithoutadoubt,iftheconservativeswill headotafighterwhowasold,uglyandbat theirchances forthespoils andtheyappearbo> s, being in many cases the victims. T h e Intk- but embracing, also, temperance, woman's effect even a partial union among themselves. Tbe judicious and discriminating spirit In tered? almost intc small bits. The women of now s o t-xeeeding'y slim that Richmond Coggerorganization sank with the same rapidity with their vast majorities, even in localities where well as commercial men. This is as it should all thi Bo3tonians understand Latin, there will whichithadrisen. theyarenowlittlesuspectedtoexist,willbe be. Itwillpreventthespiritofjealousyfroth benojdifficultyinobtainiagaCiceronianvale-ship captains and owners.Oru DOCT,LA£ DEMOCRATIC STATS COWVEN- In this state of things the crownicg act overwhelmingly demonstrated in November, if marring the effect of a compliment which is dictory. There are poets, toe, on every cor- TION.—This body, which meets a t Syracuse to-Isti-'jOO. U i y goods, composition candles, codfish, patty will force him to prosecute if elected. hams, laid and rice are wanted. Business very ac- life to, a worn out party organization, itcool judgment and conciliatory spirit have sothe corrupt and selfish politicians and partyintendedtcbethespontaneoi;3tributeof&ner, so that p^ans are as plenty as pork andbeans, Thus the affair may be made truly sibility. It will devolve upon this Conventionf«)«hruit- of Caracas, in its issue of the 24th, Thepluralityoftheblack republicansinthese whichthese arrangements have been entered moderntimes have degenerate'! trom thean--peaks inthemostdespondingmanner ofthe rights,andahostofisms,waspreachedfrom uponinspiresuswiththefullestconfidenceas ; andConfidence Cassidy mayprefertosurren . ouiitry and Ufe state of hopeless anarchy and pulpit and platform in every Northern commu- States is really a small minority cf the popular tique muscular standard am faint at the der the citadel to tbe enemy at cnee. and trustiuintowhichithasbeenreduced.Theeditor nity.Slavery,stigmatizedasagreatmoral vote.Thepointofdangeristheelectionof tothemannerinwhichtheywillbecarried sight;ofalittleblood. Butnowthat tothegenerosityofThuilowWeed. Thisday says: "Webelieveattimes-andthosetimesare evilandsin,as"theBumofallvillanies,'*was LtLCulnthroughthedivisionsoftheconserva- out. Unlessunforeseenobstaclesshouldpre- •theneweraofmuscularcivilizationhascom- willsettletbeiiuestionver\ frequent—that there is absolutely no remedy made the object of a political crusade, and three tive majorities, and true patriotism tells the sent themselves to mar the plans of the gentle- mended, the women must indurate themselves.for theevilsofYenesnela.'' thousand clergymen enteredthepoliticalfield Union loving men ofthe North whatcourse menwhohavethemanagement ofit,thisban- TheymustbeallAmazonian maidsorSpartan N?.v. B:'i.ru.xqs—Cit"WTH o.- TU^Crrv —We Bermuda advices to the 7thinst state that a asagitatorsinthecampaignof 185G. Themo- theyshould pursie in thefaceofthepresent quetwill,wepredict,beone of themostbril- mothers. Thestrongmindedwoman—thewell publish to-day another det-.iled ac:o .atoflawcompellingmastersofsailingvesselstocarry ralsentimentofthemasses,intheabsenceof imminentdangertothehighestanddearestin- liantandmemorableevergiventoPrince{or informedwoman—thewomanwhowearsblue the prcgiess ofthebuilding trade inthethe mailsbetweentheislandsandtheUnited States had been recommended. Suitable prepara- tions »ere being made t o receive t h e Prince o f Wales on his arrival a t the idands. The drought still prevailed at Larbadots, causing serious lossesanyrealpoliticalissue,wasstimulatedtofana- terestsofall. ticism as a motive in political action. THE JM-ANESETO mis Ponton—Kaiser. J spectacles,knows mathematics (plainand metropolis,whichmanifestsnbrisknessiathat THE PTN'OTTALTTT OF ROYALTT.—A temaria- mixed), and don't talk nonsense—abounds it- branch of business HO indicative ot ourble peculiarity in the tout of the Prince Iof New; England, and she is the proper person to growing prosperity. Buildings a.re n o w in Wales through the British Provinces is the be chosen as the pioneer of the* new movement. course o f construction t h e cost c f which will punctuality with which all his movements are Why! shouldn't we have muscle-women as well amount tc betv, een five a n d eight mil lions ofto planters.DONATIONThis movement culminated in 185D with the Wu.vr is TO BEOOMK or Tiiii MOVKYT—It is John Brown raid in Virginia. In the course now seme five or six weeks since the Japaneseof its developement Spooner had demon- Ambassadors made a most munificent presentAdvicws from Denver City to the 8th instant re- strated how the constitution could be made to the police department of our city, in the made. Before he left England the programme as mjuscle-men'( In the good old days of Merry doliare, and they are a ll ot a closa that will im-portprospectingforgoldassuccessful. Money anabolition instrument,andeveryslave ebapeof^lH750;buttbemoneyhasnotbeen ofhisjourneywaslaiddown,andthetime England,whentheyhangedmenforsheep parttothecityanadditional magnificencetowa-scmiveinthemines,andatDenverCitybusi- liberatedbyhabeascorpus;Helperhad asjetdistributedamengtheforce,althoughfixedforhisarrivalsanddeparturesatthedif-stealing,womenfoughtinthepri/*ring.Wcy thatwhichithasp:.escut>-datanypreviouspublished his hand-book of incendiary re- the check lor the amount has been received bynois the"Irrepressible conflict" between ingtoeachmanwouldbebetweeneightand wemakeoneexception,andthatwas"thathe LetfushearfromthemodernAthensonthistime.It is not alone in Brc-dway. the grea*. busi-ness artery ofthe metropolis, thattheseim-provementsaregoingforward,but iauauyofthe back streets also, such a s Churcn. Broad.Chambers, Canjil, Keade. Duane a n d Nassaustreets. T h e great majority o f them ore. ofcourse, to b e devoted to the purposes of trade,and splendid edifices they will be. There aresome five o r six churches among them, s s wellssamusichall andaninstituteforthetiedtheNorthandtheSouth,andSewardhadpro ninedollars;buttheCommissioners,insteadof wasannouncedtoarriveatStJohns,N*F.,onimportantsubject. Themetropolishasvastnounced at Rochester his brutal and bloody at once making this division, have been dis- the 25th of June, and the fleet arrived there on alrejady spoke: We wait new for the ruralWe give else when the drat campaign speech o f manifesto. John Brown's raid awoke the con- cussing various plans fcr the disposition of the the 24th, having crossed th e Atlantic in four- districts. the H 'm . W . H . Seward, delivered o n Monday servative sentiment in the North to a sense of money. A tfirstit was thought proper that it teen days. In every other instance he has beenevening at Boston, on hisarrival fromBangor. The liisjLer law and the irrepressible conflict were boldly proclaimed, with enthusiastic prediction* ofthedangerthatwasimminent,andthereaction shouldbeadded tothewidows'andorphans' exactly uptotime,neither toosoonnortoo_k0L'>STCRT.—MrBenjamin F.Butler,ofMsi^achus-ett*, a delegate to the Charleston andcommenced. The Helper candidate for Speak- fubd of tb e department, under a provision er oTtfce House was defeated when Con- which declares that all moneys, emolumentslate. On the programme we find his arrival a tthe success of Lincoln and the republican* in the gress met; Seward returned from Europe, and rewards received by the police shall be so telegraphic despatch proclaimed his arrivalat speech to his constituents defining bis anti-Dou-approaching contest fo r t h e Presidency. M r .Seward left Boston for Albany yesterday afternoon.Wegiveto-daymilandinterestingdetailsofthe deprecatedtheviole.eeofSutan«randothercostofe*fhouUitmoreeconomical.Noactionunder;.L.--.sun,owingtotheincompetencyButler!telitheMassachusettsdemocracythe otherdaytcthefineopportunitywhiebtaewill not work. Such affairs as that of the Gur-the invitation to the Prince. Another is to for mep and women—white and black—is to prisoned by the municipal authorities cf Bre-go tc Washington to invite th e President be prattically initiated. The fact stands boldly merbaven tor wounding a citizen of that placeand the members of hie Cabinet. The re- forth in the writings and speeches of the radi- wbile drunk, by pushing him off the plank, sadthetiptoeofexpectationwithreferencetotheGaspe set down for the 12th A igust, and out- Baltintpn Conventions, has been making aand, acceding, for a time, to the clamors diepo»ed of. This idea, however, was rejected that place on Sunday last, tbe 12th inst. glaSjcourse of action in said Conventions,and arts; but com- erce is king iu the metropolitan ;of his conserviUve friends, delivered in as not being in conformity with the intention Some of the punctuality observed by royal- bow tbe lactious d ogs of the Douglas mana- brutalandbloodypositionshehadassumed amounteachonewasentitledtowassosmall,to oarpageants,wheretheorderoftimeisnotcoinbusubledemocracsy. Butallthhisanoldcity of New York, and commerce in our day. in this great emporium, is content with nothing less than a royal palace.Accminta from Kansas state the drought in thatTerritory is not so disastrous as reported, although the Senate a speech needing front the of the donors It was then proposed, as the ty in this case would do'no harm iu many of gersbrought about the terrific explosion of thevery severe in some localities. It was believedthatsufficientfoodforhomeconsumptionwouldbe atRochester;minorleadenmadeconcilia- investtheentiresuminawholesalepurchase veryrigidlyregarded. Itoftenhappoosthat story,and itsrepetitionislike "athrice toldraised. toryspeechesin andoutof Congressand ofclothforuniforms,whichwouldrenderthe tbepeoplearekeptwaitingfour orfivehour* tale intbe earofa drowsy man." Can Mrt No MOKSV Kin m . ROUGHS.—We aH"d«d thePrince o f Wales' arrival ami reception in the pro- pure and simple abolitionist*; the fanatics were has been taken upon this intention, and too Of t h urn )gers o f our grand displays c r soma wa| whereby they may poes'bly turn her elec-politicians wotiild have a t t h e festival o f tt* muscular Christians te select tbeir invoice*"' shoulder-bittinginfluenceforthe rf .!igeam- paign TheDniuetty*wereallonhsEd,hut thepurchasers,it,issaid,dM notar>pe*rin*He market And iit is further it slnuated id v. own.* tc the peculiar s»»e of psrties -tod .ho generalvince e f New Brunswick, where he was welcomed by thepeople in enthusiastic processions, anil by the legislativeandmunicipalbodiesmloyaladdress- es. Under t h e same head will also fee^ound t h e sentiment* o f the Prince in regard to his intended reception by tee British residents of New York.defeated in the local elections of Rhode Island money still lies in bank. The members of the othft ciuae. I n t h e career o f Washington w e toral vote uga-ust Lincoln : If h e can, l e t himA meeting o f prominent citiaens was hold y e s -lutiocLAt. was foisted upon the unwitting dele-Fu.church, a t seven o'clock in the morning. H eroo^e.andWisconsin,andbroughttotbevergeof force,inthemeantime,areloudintheirmur- find many examples,ofbisclov adherenceto defeatinConnecticutandfinallySewardwas mursagainsttheinactivityoftheCommis- time. OnoneoccasionduringhistourthroughUntitled Documentrejected at Chicago as too radically revolution- sioners, and not a few make bold enough to the country, h e visited Boston, where h e wan t oppekk.l la anyevent,upou theregularityof tbi* thing, andtheirregularity ofthat,at CbJrtetttui audat Baltimore, everybodyhasday, willbechargedwithaverygraverespon- classicalandBostoniau—thetermsaresynony- tcdecidewhetherthe forces in thisStateop-Fuato* *Kt» CofcHJ*tflX.- -In Osorgia the Dos- ary, although Lincoln,a still more radicalrevo- declare that the money is to be used for elec- be received by a local compauy at the Old Scjuth les^d jet cvgu, and nobody wants to hear anytioneering purposes In ihe coming campaig 13069Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetnlton New Yorkwww.fultonhistory.com 