 JJEW YORK HERALD. J11EI GOHOUI BIII1TT,r^MT)H AVDPRO?RIETOR.Tfi/ Wli.XLr UXRALD, <a«ir 3at*riap. at tit ontoptrMM » 13jw» ««•>. <*• A v'Jfw SVJtota* —org Wtdnmaap,tt *** i m »"•" "TV 9* P*r a w u m to >My jjurt o / Srtat Hi Main,v l t k i i M i " ' ! <y «*• ComttmrvA. huh to iitftud* eotktf; *to presslos, and In some cases places them slightly la ad 0tJy>wwia tdiXum « • tXe im\ and AM 8f* aae* SMMA*t* «w <*•*Ush reform*, a matter i a which l i s •navalbrother despot sets him ao bright amessofalandamrveyarthanhe1^'LUHTAMY CORBXSPOyDMjrcS, an—<»<•* awpor*—I a*M: ««<««* /row owyfimrtfr <•At world; </iwd will*• » I»ijrWi/or (9-OtafOSSM*0OKKMrXWD*m1UKarurovAaxy Raacamn so SBAI. ALL LBM—I A*» PAOE-4B*a •••rr OS _Coffee w a s quiet. Freighti were sustained, with a fair amount of engagements, especially for liverpoeL.The RevelnUen .f P»rtiee-T»elr Olslai- fgrmtt.. Belfcrw*«•TrmeIssntewfMae Day.The rejection of Seward, and the nomina- tion of LincelB, who represent all that ia bru- tal and bloody in Seward's political pro- gramme, without possessing a tithe of his per-anything of interest, John Bull immediatelywhich Louis Napoleon sketched for the suc-« the man who met Stephen A Douglas ") T e s s a s he wasdefeatod. ("Three cheers far]TO J/OTICM takm of mmmmwtam amiwsiaiti'iia*. rmmrm r+tettd mmmmmieatiawtdomot ADVKSTISMMMITTSrmtmtd mmySag*t,*rH*mumm**fact to the Emperor Nicholas he was sur- prised; but he very sagaciously sent them overnod » fcW W aaiir Hi**u>. r*»u.T RS&AU, and to <M ChJ»Vi»n»4m — a ftwy— BriBttmiiJOB PUIMTIM9, mmmtmi mmk • i i f m , *fc**sa***i owl aVment is that Mazzini, who opposed so earnestly«h«r wersVoliat XXV.•MTJgXMRMTB TO MSBBOWTOUM SCABT—Faneon BrrWIVTBBaa«o«r. Ba—c* >——»«•.•••140I T U W l .sonal ability, is almost as severe a blow at the republican party organization as was the feud at Charleston to that of the democracy.Bna>rr« QABDBB. A*HB*-iIXDAASLLA.WALLACE*TMAfBB. HMaiway.--OTaaunUAtTSAran**THBATBB,O.Broadwar.-BMaciA ing.WhatpartyandwhatcliqueofpoliticiansBor-ii'suu Pmwoa.______*BW BOWXBT, ,—Otasixo—Santous m IantA.aretoreaptheadvantagesofthischangeis Puritans,ostensiblyonthemeritsoftheBritishnot yet apparent; but it is becoming daily more and more evident that no party or clique canlathBABBTJMW AMBWOAJT arcsatTM. aroadwoy.-DoT- Wam haincs aw tH» F»AIBIK_mission, but in fact upon the merits of theirpastor, have been brought to an abrupt close then another and another, until at last we turned every fresh arrival from Europe is likely to to the meeting, and In a bold, clear, strong roes wasNEW YOBK HERALD, SPNPAY, MAY 28, 1860.and lower, wtth a fair amesat of Bales at perienced navy engineer from Brooklyn. T l» pervades the English and other people. A ll Ferdinand, sad 119a he ought toMe conoMataa, including purchases for export. commWioners named In the bill were preo«oal our Inventions in science and art, machinery, Cera was aettve, while prices wen witboat men,andamongitthebeetmenofthttwo andsoforth,whetherofapublicorprivate important cnaage; anwag the traasaetteas were character, will be placed freely at their dis- parcels taken for Aipmeat to Liverpool Pork waa Mater, cities. It passed both branches of the Leg»la-ofttomw.Mdraptmyreaeto.Mhtghablest lawyer la the Horthwest They "OH Abe," nald Mr. Trumbull,and yet he a m thewitt more dotaf at the concession. Sales of new SVMS tore, and was taken to the Governor four or posal without hesitation or reserve.an example. No doubt Venetia will soon be in the same predicament as Sicily; and there is every prospect that ore long all Italy will bo- come one kingdom, under tike crown of Pied-in a short time he will be on his w ay to Eng- rah.) Heaatlani(BMw1lhB«thB|wix»f«ijllLMl. land, like Louis Philippe, in the disguise of a tt. (Harrah.) A giant m IntoOact as wall as »were made at 917 90 a 918, and of aew prime at 919 79.The sugar market was active, and the Bates embracedabout 1,909 a 2,000 ahls., chiefly Cuba maacevnass, 900do. melacos, sad 500 boxes, ail at full prices. The ad- sands of oar citizens. vance oa the week's sales has reached about v^c a »,'o.,various improvements in public works, ord- nance a n d other things. They were shown through everywhere with great courtesy and apparent liberality; hut when they requestedeawagh to he President, sad be will be PrwM«sss.which fully restores the prices current before the late de-The objections raised bythe Governor are,sailor's jacket; and the Pope, surrounded on every side by a cordon of freemen, will bevanec of those prevailing at that period. Fair reflalagthat it was unconstitutional The last daec-In Congress yesterday the Senate received a mes-sage from t h e President, recapitulating the factaconnected with the recent capture of "fine slaverWildfire, e n t h e coast o f Cuba, with five hundredand seven Africans ou board, who are now at KeyWest, a sharge t o the government. T h e questionis, what shall b e done with these negroes? T h ePresident refers to the case of the negroes cap-tured on board the Echo, who were sent back toAfrica under the super vision of the Colonization eyes to the old democratic organization, andSociety; and he suggests that Congress authorize to the divided convention that is to meet at In CoDgress and in Tammany Hall such the President t o make a n arrangement withthe Colonization Society to cover all future Biniilar cases. T h e message w a s referred t o the Judiciary Committee. T h e House bill to appoint a Superintendent of Indian Affairs in Washington Territory was amended so as to pro- Tidethatalltemporaryagentsbedismissedandno Others appointed, and then passed. Several bills relating to the District of Columbia were passed. The bill providing for the common schools of the District coming up, Mr. Clark, of New Hampshire, moved that a separate school for colored children should be organized. Mr. Clark stated that he should itwist on the motion; whereupon the further consideration of the bill was postponed. The House passed a number of private bills, among them one for the relief of Sweeny, Rittenhouse, Fant A Co., directing the return of the deposit made by them in the $5,000,000 loan, in 1858. The question of damages is to be adjudicated by the Court of Claims-nizing the Ltrue tone of public sentiment, ing what a man can bear when he gets used toonly the representative man of your principles, bat the representative man of the people—(cheers)—that man who is identified in all your interests by his early as Bociations in life, who sympathises justly and truly wtth the labor of all this broad land, himself inured to toil (Applause) Capacious, comprehensive, a statesman in- corruptible, a man over whom the shade of suspicion hascoin ana Hamlin.Blair, who led the Michigan delegation for Sewara isthe Convention, spoke at three places, pledging himself ean. estly for the Chicago ticket. The people declare they will give Lmcoln thirty thousand majority. They do not dagmse the fact to many Instances that they are disap- pointed In not having Seward nominated.Inthiscityitwaswellreceived,andinviewoftherespoaJedThe Commissioners of Health were in session evil t>: 1 the danger of the momentyesterday afternoon, Mayor Wood presiding. special motion the proceedings were ordered kept secret.B y t o b elie. tb-. •»<"**«*. in the incapacity and nient than to lose an election for the want of a who followed andfeted the Prince de Joinville ernment if it be not the man that tons and adds by his1Hicks, alias Johnson, of the oyster sloop E. A . Johnson, was convicted of the capital crime ofganization of this State, Cassidy. Cagger & ries, why is it not equally sound for the church? that he was then—if anything, better and wor-%trialwhichlastedsixdays.Hiscounselwill move an arrest of judgmentandjetonthemreststheresponsibilityofthe coming crisis to the country. If they haveauthoritativelystated,itistheonlychurchin purposemerelyofenjoyingthesportsofthe willremain,andremainforever,thelandwheretheopNew York, or in the world, where pure and chase in our prairies and backwoods. Still, op- pressed of every clime and land, and of every creed, mayundented religion is taught and practised. Its comeandreceivetheprotectionofourlandsandour TbeOldSchoolPresbyterianGeneralassemblytoa389 passengers and $492,000 in specie. The Illinois also sailed from this port yesterday, for Southampton and Havre, with 193 passengers and £6*3,829 in specie.The bark Cora, alleged t o have been fitted o n t |br the slave trade, was attached yesterday, at the •ait of the United States, by Joseph Thompson andRobert Sewell. Deputy United States Marshals, a s thewasbeingtowedontoftheharbor. She was anchored off the Battery at five o'clock P.M., in durance. An examination in the case will take Vines on Monday next, as soon as th e District At- torney dirt eta.hour, be honest in their impulses—they can re- sidents and Congressmen their duties, and courted him in better days, and who felt cheers.) in the Church was begun yesterday. Rev Dr. B. MLicense. Ih«Jh*-is4ss that violators of the ex blown to atoms, and many of its inmates se- dss-wtreds^is^fc^^ riouslywounded. Thisisthethirdorfourth asfrequentlyliberate, en their paying the nsnai case of this kind which has occurred in our vi- fi»eof$40; and also that* tee coiwi of a ^rt-arrival in this country, that they mean to makethe mostoftheirvisit,and totarnthe Embassy to account for other than merelybutthenewsfromEuropewhichwepublish manforthetime,andmarchesbreastupwiththeadvanningwaveofcivilizationandliberty. Hethen went on to eulogize the platform upon when he stands, which he (Mr. Campbell) said protected the iron interests 02Markets* h'swOauiAi,May19.IMCCotton—Sakstoday5.000balesat9»,c a10v fortow middling. Sales of the wees 36.6C0 ba'.sa, recent' o: u e week '.tCObaara; receipts abeaaef law year. 1 5W ba'ca Export* of the wtefc 4S,OU0; asta) experti for toe e***o*night from the present time no fowwthau 2000 •ores appear to be taken to prevent the con- judgments will be enforced against as many Uu„arWhat a prospect!not be prevented from doing so by the Sardi- nian government.•ad pieaged the Keystone State to the nominees of the Chicago Conventionai b yt h eAdriatic, s»nwaSMteasw com* •ad then. The Corporation passed a resolu- Their curious interview with a number of• fair demand, laclud anJ prices ofdesire to inform themselves upon every sub-ject worthy of investigation. The Japanese and 1849. The King of Naples will find enough SFBKCH OP 8BHATOB TBrMBf-LUntitled DocumentMotOLB. bay IS, 1M0 Cotton—Saks today, WO bales, at io*c eti>«c iwMKFrom the Washington House the band aad the attendwere to be seen strong men quivering, shaking them more secure of their prey. In a word, it and turning red, white and all sorts of colors,is already seen that in the triumph of the black republican party, we shall have the law of the Spooner Pamphlet administered in thefrom the stunning effects of mere words, even though these words were addressed under the apostolic salutation of 'brother." We must confess that it sounded rather strange to hear one brother accused of falsehood, and anotherfashionables, followed him closely np. in order to be able to boast of having a live prince atsuperior to men, shall receive no detriment at my hands. (Cheers, and a voice, " Some more applause.") Ton are here to pay a tribute to that man who is to bear yourspirit of the Helper Book.In this critical position of public affairs andtheir houses. The subject of all these chili standard on to what we hope and believe a triumphantpolitical parties, the country again turns itsRichmond and Baltimore. If the**leaders can lay aside their personal quarrels, and, recog-of treachery and perjury.charges would not be allowed to pass as a mat- ter of course; but, as one brother observed, - We are used to such things/' It is astonish-that young giant of the West, who oomes from that regionwhere the star of empire has already culminated. points crowds were collected, cannon fired, traasparea You come to pay a tribute to that man who is not cies displayed, speeches made, and cheers given for Lapermit the delegates to come together onthe platform of the common good, andagree upon aconservative platformand peemedtopuzzletheTammanymenpre-conservative candidate, that party will reap the great fruits that the coming contest enfoids for the organization that meets the impending danger, in consonance with the spirit of thehour. That spirit is one of antagonism to theTwenty years later, and only a few daysback,thereagain arrives here thesame nevercastareproach. (Continuedapplause) Butwhatthe past few weeks have placed the EmpireState of New York in the position of thing, and he who would make a fuss about itWhat la it but the industry of our country that upholds over the world, the youngest son of Louis Phi- your government? What Is It but the labor of yaur country that spreads out your canvas on the distant sea!' lippe has no more claims on our respect than What is it but labor that delves in your mines, and tonsThe republicans of Washington last eveningserenaded Bon. Hanibal Hamlin, the republicancandidate tor Vice President Mr. H*mlin made aspeech to the people, a report ef which is given ton prfDared, and the rejection of Seward Ilartt, it is a mere matter of convenience—elsewhere in our columns.at Chi. ,^ has consummated, this fact. TneIn your workshops, and upholds the government under which you live ? (Cheers.) Who is there that shouldmaster of the situati6n. Events at Charles-is a greenhorn. As was properly said by Dr. nothiDg more. What can be more inconve-utter t;u»- .. • aty of the men who are un-fortunately in control of the political or-few miserable votes? If squatter sovereignty is a sound doctrine as applied to the Territo-in the days of his prosperity will not be obli-vious of the fact that hs is still the same manvindustry to the wealth of the republic This is the mission that the republican party, under the guidance of Heaven, are to perform and dis- cbarge. (Cheers) They are to do that,Co. command neither the confidence nor the•The Church of the Puritans must and shall bethier for the trials he has undergone. It is and then they will transmit to those whounite the democratic organization at Balti-more, and lead it to accept the platform and a Judges of the Supreme Court the law. If thesebrethren do not love one another overmuch, let it be remembered that human affections are finite, and where such large quantities are ex- ported for foreign consumption, it it no won-honored by his notice, to show that they are not8PKB0H OF MB. CAMPBELL, OF PA. Smith spoke against the system; Bar. Dr. Spring defendAfter music from the band, Mr. Campbell, member of ed it- To day B has been continued by Dr. Thorasan against, and Dr. Hodge in favor of i t The vanoui castcandidate upon which the whole conservativeelement of the country can BtaEd and triumph.If the democratic organization is not reunited.the conservative element must look elsewherefor the programme and the chief that will' lead der that the supply for home use should rununmindful of the past. Let it not be said of usrepublicans that w e run after the tinsel of Congress,from Pennsylvania, was introduced. He said*— mitteea are at work, and the buetnasa fairly under wart to the defeat of the insane partisans of inno- vation.shortIn the ease of Harmity VB. O'Reilly, Btohap of Hart objectofrespectthanaprincesurroundedby greatrepublic,asoriginatedbythefathers.Isoneof ford,ontrialfor.thelasttwoweeksbeforetheCircuitSOME OF THE FRIITS OF THE JAPANESE EM- .ANOTHER BOILKR EXPLOSION—NO RKHEDT BASSY.—It is evident, from the extraordinaryall the glittering attributes of royal station.SrciLV AND THE BOLD GAEIBALDL—The brave rests of the country. (Applause and laughter.) She has returned a verdict for the fall amount claimed, wrmfive days before the adjournment; •>*****• kept it in his drawer, and gone ofT PreeMentr making, to the detriment of the Uvea of thou-ute-ahont nfty-oao years old. six feet three inches high u <iaa (a ) T«that the price of Inspection ifl too great, and(A voice-«Where to Harper's thrryr»)friends, that t h e prariet ofcourseleft the commission blank for his Excellency tofill with a set of hungry politicians from theon" numerousotherbillscessor of S t Peter.What is so remarkable in the present move- tar Lincoln,' and they war* gives. Theit. There was one point, however, whichroyal stranger. But how different his condition about the giviog of certificates of pew ;md the manner of his visit! Instead of being > ent payment to squatters, so as to enable them surrounded with the prestige of royalty, and to vote at the meeting. The price paid—one laving at his command the same noble frigate dollar and fifty cents—was unreasonably extra- 'bat bore the remains of the first Napoleon vagant. Thousands of unnaturalized voters trom St. Helena to France, he comes here apreference of Michigan, it has been gcnerously to throughout the State.sent, and that was the fuss Mr. Phelps madeis the mission, my friends, that Is committed to our hands?Itis,tobringback your government totheposition,tobring back the principles and practices of its fathers andfounders,and administer ia the light of their wisdom. They swear that vtal) street will not rait e a cect to eectGaribaldi has a hand in every revolutionary therefore looked around her for sorce other man, and has inquisitivenessandcloseobservationofevery- movementinItaly,stillupheavinginthethroes heardthatacitizenofKentucky,bornonhersoil,a 9 bj m6eto of feof another terrible boiler explosion on Friday thing around them which the Japanese Ambas- pioneer of the Western wilderness she has heard of theinterestADOPTED.—The city of Brooklyn was the scene^^SH!^*********»-*• ofregeneration.ItwasstatedasnorttimeagonominationofAbrassLincolnwithunfeignedgratification Valueoftheexportsforthepastweeii,S3M.16Si2!_0oTB!-,io,>6"* *»-•~*nmedtheirnntes ovation and granting an applicationforone afternoon, by which a tenement house was sadors and suite have manifested eince their that the Sicilian insurrection was suppressed; (Applause.) She believes that Abram Lincoln ia theCommerceofthvePertofMai.tie. MOBIL*, Mat is. tsM.cinity within a few months; and yet no mea- commercial purposes. They examine every-to-day announces the startling and highly importent intelligence that Garibaldi has sailedwith an expedition to Sicily, and that he could Pennsylvania, and wooM butid up her manufacturers 2 015 800 bates; lacreared receipt*, at ibis port t»s,0v»;thing minutely and with obvious interest, with atentrecurrenceofsuchfrightfultragediesas,j-*>iew,nodoubt,,tomaketheirknowledgewe have been compelled to record eyery n o V available on their return to th*ir «.« ^„„JL available on their return to their own countryembracedabouti.ooobtte *», acmetime ago,authorizingthe appolnt-•«tefboUer Inspectors. But that is the last American doctors on Friday shows that they rendered her name immortal—Sicily, the first of Senator Trumbull, opposite the genera! Post Office,sales ditto at all ports 7WC0O bales: sio.k at this p.rt 1ST0*0balesdittosamelimelutyear13t0-0. C>rn firm Lard quiet Bi 11 ^c. Wniaiej cult. Cb&e L i: IS^c Merhagexchangeadvanx-a%,aadws-ixjat 9 a 9*i per oaat premium; SiUo with bin* of tanug a**•naveheardofIt I ,torushtoarmsintherevolutionsof1847,1848 abouthalfthecrowdweredemocrats. torhistroopstodoonthemainland,withoutSenatorTruaabnllbeinglntrodueeatothimeeting,a:OOIIOBtoLiverpool,1182aa^d.acdteHavre,Jj'c Aslad higher qualities were la*or^r2eCandTv:*>****>»*«•are an imitative, inquiring and talented people,auddliag Theeaieaoftbeweesaddap»600to*«w,aod ihe receipts lor tte same t!sse.3.*nc, receipt* aft*ad of Last year, 108,'«0 bates, etoct. 9B.0IW) bales. FreigOU—Some yean ago the Czar of Russia sentsome o f his officers to England to examine thedockyards and arsenals, and inspect the mont As for Ferdinand, it b probable that voioe-"Not high eaoagk to beHekaiablaze to Bight wtth the ires ef Cabas sold at 6\c, and grocery good" •» To. »7X«- tion is certainly a singular one, in view of the to be permitted to make drawings or models of compelled to accept at last the programme (Cries of "Is Fred. Douglas ia there?' antGovernor'sfixingcommissionsforthiseity. Had thebilldoanythingofthekind. Uponreportingthis tionsettleItself.shot down on them, and refused permission toThus will the Papal ques-demanded "Three cheers for Lincoln,'' angiven with awllL) Mr. Trumbull then*in the Illinois contest of ISM, wails Douglas carriedmaking a party concern of it, no doubt there only shown over our dockyards, arse- tionary party with Victor Emanuel in the late Legislature Lincoln bad the popular vote by four thsV would have been no objection. The bill care- nals and manufactories, but when they war with Austria, has now issued an address sand majority; and he will more than doable tt ia No*asked the privilege of making drawings callingupontheSicilianstoannextheirisland Tomber-("Oh gas!" "WhentoJohn Brownr •)-*.« fully avoided all party look, by selecting m en I mU you he wlU make a clean swaap of erary 8UU Westwho were not politicians; and certainly there and plans of our different improvements, they to the territories of the King of Sardinia; or the Altofhsatoa («How about poor oU Seward' )lobby, as he did his appointments of Har-bor Masters and Police Commissioners, thus to this country, where they were not the union of Garibaldi and the other revolu-has been evidence enough of the merits of suchwere met in a most liberal spirit by offers towhence it may be safely concluded that allMr. Seward is a slateeman and a patriot, and hfc what* heartto wtth our great cause.the revolutionists are now in his favor; thatBOWBBTTH»AT*B '.-LfcutuBoaaiA— Thiseventconfirmsthetruthoftheviewboilerexplosionswhichhaveoccurredrecent-thingworthhaving,andtheyactuallyreturnedtheattempttopreventGaribaldiembarkinginfrequentinterruptionsfromget up drawings, and even models, of every-wehavesofrequentlyexpressedonthepresent lyinthiscityandinBrooklyn. toRussialadenwithplansandmodemofevery theexpeditiontoSicilyisonlytothrowdust Douglas,inquiriesforJohnBrawn,he.ft* farameasureinthefrequentfatalaccidents fromMr.Trumbullcontinuedfor1kindofinvention—ships,agriculturalinstru- intheeyesoftheKingofNaplesandother Trumbullcalledfor"Threecheersfor ,Hr. wasthattheRussiangovernmentorderedabythePiedmontesegovernment.Stirring8FKBCHOFMB.WABBBPBBB,OFttJ-—arracioarTHBMBBTINQ.steam frigate to be built in the United States- events may therefore be expected in Italy, and Hon. Elihu Washbume, of lUtooto, was ant 1conditionsandtendenciesofparties,andisanother evidence of the state of political revo- ANOTHER DRAWN FIGHT.—We are really ments, and machines of every shape and size, monarchs, and that this daring revolutionist Hamlm," which were heartily given, followed lutionandchangethroughwhichwearepass sorrythatthedebatesintheChurchofthe withoutanyexpensetothemselves. Theresult hasbeensecretlyencouragedinhisenterprise "ThreeforTrumbull." •rbytheexhaustion andfatigueofthecomba-BBTAjrrr BTBBTBBXB, BIB—if Bin, «nBroadway.- do so that does cot placeitself in sympathy and tants engaged. As in the case of Heenan and short time ago. The contrast between the gence from the theatre of revolution.character, public and private, of Mr. Liacela, when a few stray brickbats and 1)0001 fat taSoaoa DA*CM, to.-Taa BYEAiioaa.• IBLOm SAliOOB. Broadway ^mCshusvvw Mix- ta Bowae DAXCBS. Ao,-,I4«J* AJTD HIIMOJTKST0*>riPBB IltSTITtTTI-KxHiaiTtOW o r Pa ALE g_ ORIGI SAL Puatwo or rns OOOBTO>JL«AT»—Day and Cveawnf.MOZART HALL. Bo. 88» Broadway.-QOWTAVBS GBARVS BxTaatAUiaaai- Moons » laws Bauwiat, a*.roRir«* o r raraTRKNTa STBBBT A B D POUBTH ATEBU«.-CAU»oit*tA MmHAB-Ma.B«wVork,Sunday.Mayao,IH60.%Xt»e Blawa.The Adriatic, from Hayre, andCowes evening ofthe 9th inst. arrived at this port yesterday, having madeoneofthequickestpassages oftheaeason. Her news is four dayB later than that previously received, and is in aome respects interesting.The tinaacial and commercial intelligence is re- garded as favorable. The latest quotation for con. soU is 93|—an improvement of three-eighths to oneharmony with the great conservative interests of the whole country. The principles of the constitution and the policy of the government, in both domestic and foreign affairs, have been settled by long contests, which ran throughtwogenerations,oneofwhichisvene- rated as the founders, and the other as the ex-pounders of the constitution and the compact of union; and what the country now demandsSayers, both parties showed pluck, and, by a liberality of America and the narrow exclu-direction * 01 there was a general stampede in the opposite direction, the muat&aai of the band being among the first to take to their keen. Serenade to Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, theRe- The steadfast republicans immediately about the 4oorstBtisthatthegovernmentshallbeadministered centcommission,butnotnearsodifficultasATTACKO NT H EMEETING,with honesty, and the system protected from oew and dangerous Innovations. This, then, is the issue of the day. No new and dangerous interpretations, noassumption of inherent power by Congress, no recognition of sovereign rights in inchoate and incomplete communities, no welding of moral and abstract dogmas Jb the political law, no conversion of government into an instrument to attempt the impossibilityfor the referee in the case of Heenan and Sayers; for the purse, fortunately, is capable of division, and could be divided between the parties,butthebelt,ifcutintwo,wouldbe worthless to either.But for another reason it seems to us very unfortunate that this contest was adjourned for so long a season—six months—which will carry it to beyond the next Presidential elec-ho., ho., to.OarSpecial Washington Despatch. WASHINGTON, May 19,1860.halt per cent. Most descriptions of American se- of converting dissonant races, inhabiting differ-curities had also improved. Cotton w a s steady. ent climates and soils, under unequal conditions tion. A t the last meeting were to be seenand t n e Prince d e Jolnvllle*The magnitude of the preparations that are being made for the reception of the Prince of Wales in Nova Scotia and Canada indicates be-serenade Hon, Hannibal Hamlin, nominated at Chicago a s and his admirable police system, the meeting was par- the candidate of the republican party for Vice President Of haps indebted for its escape from a bloody row, for lasthe United States. Mr. Hamlin occupies rooms at the anti republican outsiders wore very boisterous, and evi- Washington House, which was Illuminated from garret to - ' dently bent on mischief.While breadstuff* remained firm a t previous rates. I of developement, into one homogeneous society. straggling in several gentlemen known The insurrection in Sicily was spreading, and it to be preminent votaries of Tammany waa thought would soon become general. Gari- The black republican party has proclaimed Hall. It is not often that the Churchcellar. It a said that the band led off in the flight because they forehand the sensation which his visit will cre- At half-past nine o'clock the procession arrived ia front of had received their money during the speech of Mr. Tnut-Whatever of loyalty and attachment to the baldi had set sail with an expedition to assist the its intent to carry out all these things, and every- of the Puritans has an opportunity of reigning dynasty remains amongst them will bebrickbats to close up their engagement by running off. Tbe republicans here, who were all for Seward, were at first cast down with Lincoln's nomination: bat they an rapidly coming round, and appeared throughout thoevaa-patriots. The King of Naples, alarmed at the disar where the conservative elements of the coun- exhibiting the graces and loveliness of its faithtrios aspect of affairs,had applied to the Northern rowers for advice and assistance.the adoption of all the revolutionary and de- pity that such a golden opportunity should be lost, tor we feel assured that all the persons firmed by the publication of the official document structive theories of Seward's Rochester present on Thursday evening must have leftThe report of the renunciation b y Count Monte- IBcUn and his brother of the throne of Spain is con-containing the voluntary act at renunciation.The Great Eastern is advertised to sail fromSouthampton for New York on the 9th of June. Bayers, the pugilist, has published a card, thank-will not be behindhand with the Canadians in they had theretofore entertained against the ftting and caressing the young British lion.ing the British public for their patronage.The steamship De Soto, from Havana, arrived at the claim of a shadow of ability in the art ofthisportyesterday,withdatestothe15thinst., onedaylaterthanthosebythePhiladelphia. There is no news of any importance. The health of the city continued good, and business was improving. The White Cloud had gone to Africa, on a"practical mission" to the natives. Senor Facheco, the Spanish Minister to Mexico, had ar- rived at Havana, and was staying with the Captain General.Advices from S t Thomas have also been re- ceived by the De Soto. The island was healthy.governmentThehighestclaimsforthecan-wheresocialusagesandpracticesnearlyas-larkind.Hewasthesonofamonarch didatewhoisputupasafitrulerforthirtysimilate.Itiswelltolearnthatthedifferencethenscarcelylesspowerfulorrespectedbetween an angry Puritan and an angry demo- than the present ruler of Great Britain.millions of freemen, pursuing a march of crat is not so great after all. The democrat In his own person he united qualitiessocial developement with arapidity that is the has, perhaps, a little the advantage in the use of that entitled him to the esteem and friendly wonder of theage, is that he can "maulrails,'' and that he is "honest." What part the his fists, but the Puritan can beat him in the feeling of our people. He was a gal-try are rising in opposition to it. The nomina-tion of Lincoln as its standard bearer is and practices to the sons of Tammany. It is aing's proceedings fully inspired wtth the hope of victory The Association first met at their hall at eight o'clock,speech, without the safeguard of Seward's in some measure convinced that the prejudices practical and experienced statesmanship inremarkable coincidence, in the latter, as in the formercase,thefightended in adrawngame, each party claiming the victory, and each accusing the other of a violation of the rules of the ring. It will become a question of no little delicacy for the prize bolder, Miss Johnson, to determine which, if either of the parties, is en- titled to the award, less, of course, her ten perT H Epublican Candidate l o r I k e President, at Washington—Speech ofMr, Bamlm to the People.Office, whenInstantlyexecutive administration. It is the triumph of Church of the Puritans were exaggerated, if It is not many years since another royal radicalism in social theories, and revolution in not unfounded. Now, a very wide latitude prince—the Prince de Joinville—visited our the proclaimed policy of government, without may be allowed in matters of faith and doctrine, shores, and met with a reception of a simi-out the splendid frigate General Admiral a bring us most exciting and interesting intelli- entering upon a eulogistic sketch of the IBs andsiveness of England struck the Russians very forcibly. And so it will be with the Japanese. This is the first acquaintance that people have made with one of the great living progressive nations of the earth. Our people are prolific in inventions, and they do not care who par- ticipates in them, provided they make money by them; and thus the Japanese will carryback with them plans and models of every kind of machinery, from an apple parer to a steam engine, which will astound their own ingenious and inquiring countrymen, and for which w e willfindamarketby•and-by.the latentstood their ground, and presently some of Mayor for- rett's police came up and told the speaker to go oa, f»r that the meeting would be protected.Mr. Washbume meantime maintained his stand opes tbe stoop, and in a few minutes, comparative order being restored, he resumed his speech, saying that shea the time had come that a pubhc meeting oa public am- eers could not be held In the federal capital without a riot- ous disturbance, it was time for a sweeping reform which would drive these lawless parasites from the footstool of power. Mr.Washbumeconcludedwithahigheulegtan of Mr. Hamlin, when the meeting, after a round or tea of cheers, quietly dispersed.ate amongst the people of the British provinces.the Hotel, and waa greeted with three lusty cheers. After bull, and seized tbe pretext of tbe flying stones antties did not probably analyze very closely the motives with which they were rendered. The general impression left upon his mind by his reception was one of unqualified gratification and pleasure, and he no doubt went away in the conviction that, republicans though w e were, we were not deficient in the courtesies and graces of polished life.victory. (Applause ) You are here to pay a tribute toinnovating and revolutionary aims of blackrepublicanism in the N»rth and rabid pro- have certificates procured for them preceding : imple passenger by one of the Cunard steam, (Cheers, and a voice—'Three cheers for the stick and prominent workers against Seward, such as Greeley, Dul/hlaveryiam in the South. The people areready to meet it on the question of slavery. becausetheyknowthatthegreatestissue will carry all the minor ones with i tThe rapid changes which have occurred in friends have fair play. This matter«f colo-ley Field and Burllngame, have l<een cursed most heartily Nje and Burlingame came very near having a persons! difficulty yesterday.Hew theSeminations are Recetred. BBADUKi, May 19, ISMThere to great rejoicing among therepubneaaihers, state. With an intruder on the throne of MB foster and give new life to the industry of this broad land and they fired one hundred' guns far the aosamaasa efeach election by the Tammany Hall General ers, without previous announcement of any rule") It Is to maintain the Integrity of the Union, with the just rights of all the States; and, while the just rights Committee, as also by the Republican Commit- kind, just as his father did when he of all the States are maintained, it is also to maintaintee, for half the price, including drinks at the abandoned Europe and came to this country tobar. to put them in good humor and prevent teach school. The changed character of his their own Jurisdiction. (Applause.) And it Is to give their "turning traitors." Let Dr. Cheater's circumstances demands and justifies no greater new aids to commerce across the trackless ocean—it i J tonizing and qualifying voters is no unusualfather, and his family scattered in exile allLincoln and Hamlin.KASToa, Pa , May 19, UN. The nomination of Lincoln was received here yetteraay afteraotn with the utmost estbuaaam and sattatanttenarrangemantt were made to are cannon, bat owing to the storm, It was postponed until this mcrntog They art BOWbeing fired.ITHACA, May 19, ISM One hundred guns are now being Area, bands of mua«are parading the streets, and a large amwiag is as- sembled to celebrate the cenunatioe of Lincoln at Chisa- go. Great enthusiasm previa.RocsssTsx, May 19, ISMrobbery and piracy on the high seas yesterday, after respect of the community, at -home or abroad; preserved." As it was on Thursday night true that he comes here incognito, and for the shall come after them our government nntmpaired. and ItThe O ld School Presbyterian Ocaeral Aeeeanblr.The steamship City of Washington, which sailedfrooa. this port for Liverpool yesterday, took ont a gleam of common sense—If they can, for one pastor is the only one capable of teaching Pre- portunities will not be wanting to those who liberty regulated by law. (" Hip, hip, hurrah," and session here. The great debate on the aystem of Beardshose which his misfortunes give him.It is to be hoped, nevertheless, that those receive the fostering care and kind regards of the gov-royalty and forget the wearers when misfortuneprecipitates them from their high estate. To usa prince fallen should be infinitely more an live to the core. She believes that the mission of thisP R E S I D E N C Y .At an early boor the Republican Association of this cityOar Heyal Visiters—The Prince o f Wales was all alive, in oontequence of their determination to To the present efficient democratic Mayor of the city,the inspiring air, "Hail to the Chief," so familiar on similar occasions, had been performed by the band, load callsstirred up by this event Should the Prince were made for Mr. Hamlin.Mr. B B. FBBSCH then came forward on the balcony,extend his visit to this country, as we believe arali a number of ladies and gentlemen, and said —bas been finally arranged, there will be little MYFRnorDS—I have the pleasure of introducing Senaless excitement attending his progress. Our lor Hamlin, who has been nominated at the Chicago where they were addressed by B B French, Prosideat people like to patronize foreign curiosities, and Convention to be one of the standard bearers of the re- of the Association: Hon. I. C Petti!,of Indiana, and Aa-publican party. (Loud cheers). We all know how well gustus Frank, of New York.be will bear that standard. He has become almost a citi- Tbe surprise at drat exhibited at the nomination efzen among us. He has been here a number of years, Lincoln and Hamhh a rapidly vanahing. These nomina- and, my friends, we mean to keep him here four years tion are a great relief to moderate man of all parties hare, from the 4th of March next I now introduce htm as they feared much trouble in ease of Seward's election, to you. and tbe probable transfer of tbe Albany eorruptionau toSPSICH OP BON. HANNIBAL HAMLIN. this capital. The Western men receive the nominationsMr.Hamlinthencameforward,amidgreatcheering, withgreatfavor.Muchsatisfactionaexpressedthattheandspokeasfollows:— ChicagoConventionwasorderlyandexpeditiousindoing FBLLOW Crnzras—Sympathizing with you in principles up its business; and although a large crowd bad aswhich have united as, I am happy to greet you on tins aembled, the proceeding* contrast favorably wtththtoccasion. I am pleased to mingle my thoughts wtth Charleston Convention. The feeling of fratincaboa i yoursInthattributewhichyenpaytoa commoncause. univesaal that a Convention of thepeople have rapsYou have come, my friends, for the purpose of congratu- dialed the venal scheme* and the infamous plans of tht lating each other upon the result of the*action of our Albany Regency Weed can paddle well enough in tufirst of these qualities is to play in the science use of the tongue. A man usually recovers lant sailor, had rendered important ser-fromtheeffectsofahardblow quiteassoonas vicestobiscountryintheorganizationofher friends who have met in counsel at Chicago, the muddy shallow watersof tbe Brie Oatfal,butthedearofgovernmentwecannotconceive;thesecond fromthestingofahardword. Itisallnon- navy;wasirreproachableincharacter,and communication of wboae decision hascome toas deepwatersoftheWesternlakesswamphlaaatfais we know to be the quality that recommends sense to say that words do not hurt, for on simple and affable in his manners. Those who over U>« telegraphic wires. Unsolicited, unex co-operators.him to the demagogues and robbers that nowswarm about the public offices, for it makes Thursday night, at the Church of the Puritans,peeled a n d undesired, t h e nomination h a s been cared nothing for royalty paid him atten conferred upon me. Unsolicited as it was, I accept ittion for his own sake, whilst tuft-hunters, o with the responsibilities which attach to it—(applause)— whomtherearenotalewamongstourwould-be intheearnestandardenthopethatthecause,whichlaOur Special Datroit Despatch.THB DBXK8ATE8 ON THF.1B WAT TO THBIB HOHBS— HOW THJt NOMINATIONS ARK RBCEIVIO ALONG TBI ROUTB—WOFCL DI8APPOINTMaWT OF THE BEW1KD MF.N—WHO CALSKD SEWARD S DBFIAT—OUAaSSX BETWEEN GENERAL NTE AM) ANSON SCRUNS1B1,ETC., «TC.Damon, May 19, \m Trains from Chicago to-day come loaded wtth delegaai and others from the Presidential Convention./ At severalThe ore the Ninth en the lotThe ROT Barred a«Rev R as the GetRev AIfiance, w Rev. J•erred an cay, to bRev. E PresbyteiThe rir .Illinois, ' thatcburpastor ot to return aecepteaB e v . J i aeceptea Kewbur) tostaliedBev. 7A tin cburt church oBev. 1 Ceagref* Waantt-c Ha was ttodeiivci oldestsereached of One loi of Hami Ihaologtr htmseii 1819, WB hone, ai Thuratoi alamos; Choctaw dtodml aad Wis mens; G aad othe fremthiothers, 18th Jul Rev M preach* ef wbid which s. to sen le and taitl seventIhefruiiLart btoordiBev to theThe B destoab barn, IA Df *oaa,u An* Chora*ase faos wi vu bvRevTbe elected Agent.TheE^'.tcoboles she 12)Tbe ate* 1 ehx-tioTbein l»th«Han, l ^Thsday aIt is to purge the government of its corruptions, of its corruptions, compared with which those in any other administration pale into utter insignificance.The h e w York Seward men are still awf.I.y $ick LincolnTbe defeat of Seward a charged to the outsat pressure on the Massachusetts and Ohio delegations CertainthatStatesshall notInterfere inTerritories outsideofThree hundred aad twenty members are enroiiad.The Case a t t h e Bishop t Hertfard. Paovmsacs, May 19, IM*.peace and liberty; but that this democratic party Court, Hon Chauncey Shaffer, of New York, bavtof jm now in power has keen arrayed against liberty, ttrday concluded ha argument for the pamtifi, the jory the Revolutionary precepts, right, and the inte- thus rooming, aaaer the charge of Ch,ef Ja»ue* Am*I claim the right to express the sentiment of my section upon the nomination recently made at Chicago. (Cheers ) I want to say,first,my State is Union loving and canservaSicily will, therefore, be soon in arms oncemore—Sicily,whosehistorical"vespers"have dredstrong,anathenceupEighthstreett>thequarters Yoikatsight'«a>,percettpremiuming crowd proceeded up Peonulvanla avenue fire hun- tacheo at 8* a 6\ per c*a'• prtciim Excbasf« 00 » »rr*—T ThiiBiBjtiiiaufIL_,among his audience, from the* me UaftUrdone of the f Z S T ^ S ? ^ . * * * * W M and they could not have come to a better coun- f mploying them o n the island. Naples is in- dressed it man earnest and aamewhat lengthy speech ia &*bt o rafts on New York, -%c a * e ^remum fexebaa**«bethe traasactloa* were some per- many of their cornet o ^ ^ U l t q ^ try to facilitate their ideas of improvementThomas M. Tryniskiwww.fultonhistory.comsupport of the great work done for tbe republican part?oa Loodon, 1( 9 a 109,V - PBrLAnatrai*. B«» »» •*»»ls tropical porta. Wheat was heavy tion was framed by Thorn* H. F a Z J . ? _ : n c _ i vand imitation than the United States, for they309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069at Chicago He had known Abram Lincoln for Urn.;Fioor unchansfed WB*M » <. »* r.-.. $1 & * * ' * rsurrectionary, and is waiting for the opportuui<y to throw off the yoke. The Emperor of para A native of Kectuciv. he waa brought over wn«-n >»-n at!:, yellow "ic a Tf-. f*.^vjvr« , '- v* --^v? 