 a. Meet,RK tCa*»,Ba-JehadHno great hurry, he would wait until he should meet witht aiiforn 1*, Oregon a n d Brttish C«lnn»Ma-«l,4«6,915 i n Treasure ear ronte tor SewYork—Exodus of Califor- nia Offitoa Seekers—State of Trade nt Sun Franeisee, Sic., dee.Four KnARinrr, Dec 35, 1860. The weather ta bitter cold here. The pony express, with San Francisco.dates of the 12th, passed here at fouro'clock this morning.SAN FRANCISCO,Dec 18—8:40P.M.Arrived 8th, bark Frederiekhea, Havre. Sailed 8th, British Steamer Termagant, Valparaiso;9th, ship Ladogo, do; 11th, steamer Uncle Sam, Panama, with 176 passen- gers and $1,400,000 in treasure for New York.The steamer Uncle Sam left ft* Panama this forenoon, with I f f passengers, the mails, and $1,466,900, of which $0,930 in gold are for France, $1,600 for Panama,*and all the rest for New York. Among the freight are 14T boxes silver, valued at $18,800,Thetreasurelistisasfollows;-WeBs,Fargo*Co.$3T8,000 B.S.HastingsftCo.80,000 AbopftCo .f "211,511 Treadwellft Co.... 80,000 B. Davidson 144,000 Header. Loterft Co. 16,080 Lather A Church... 88,800 J. B. WessftCo.. . 15,000should be well supported. It is certainly one ftf the best tain mat has been held in mis city far a tang time, with anadmirableselectionof articlesof allkindstosefuland ornamental, and as the price of admission is only tea cents, there is no reason why it 1 well at- tended.ACCIDENT TO rax PanApsuwu TRAIN—The midnight train from Philadelphia was delayed on Monday some two hours by the breaking of one of the flanges of the main drivers of the engine. The flanges were new and very heavy, a most fortunate thing for the passengers, as the broken one jammed and was carried along until the engine stopped. Had it broken loose and fell between the rails, the consequences would have been serious.I. 11nWHOLE NO. W^L ARRIVAL OF *£M AHBL.* • »"•'»•••"* • •»«»•» ^..w»»»««M«81,126,217 D5T TRBASUEE —^^»^^-s^*^v^»*w^^w^'%-^i^-^'»i'•Cyj|HorrlbUHMsaore of Smigrantsa^aftflawhSBnw^d'*)%+• j t ^ _ ^ . •We, kU.whichloft1, arrived a t this port yosterday iIt the specie Iwt of the Ariel:— $,B.Weir $20,676 F. Baker ...doll. Tfcestck >f oat very little to do-tiagobrands,$•*fO.Stoekonheadlimited. b a n , $16 50. Copper regulus, $8;" •-'-—•A^^tfasMriawaoM^mp'Totalo r a• •...••..raowruuTiosr or ran asrano cusgrmmoK, era, s i cOnthe morning of the 23d of November all Limawas thrown into a state of the greatest excitement in conse- quence o f another attempt a t revolution and to assassi- nate President OattOm. The attempt was a bold one, but badly executed, and more disastrous to those engaged in it than the one made a abort time ago. It appears that aCaptainLara,ayoungmanattachedtothebattalion stationed in Lima, and w h o h a s keen a great favorite With the President, and five or six other officers, headed the attack. Lara went to the barracks at six o'clock in the morning, and called out a company o f soldiers ( n o t his own), and gave them to understand that the guard at the President's house bad mutinied, and that they must hurry there to quell it. On reaching the house of the President they were ordered to fire on the guard, and the guard being taken b y surprise, the officers gained admittance and went in search of Castilla, they supposing that he would come out of his room on hearing the ore, and then they were ready to shoot him; hat such was not his fate, he having made his escape from the house in a different direction. While this was going o n the colonel of the regiment, having been informed by an old retired officer,whoresidednearthebarracks,thatacompany badbeencalledoatandhadgonetothePresident's bouse, be, suspecting that all was not right, went imme- diately there a n d asked t h e soldiers what they werebeen made public. ^Captain Miller, of the British ship-of war Clio, who issomewhere on the Mexican coast, has written a letter to Flag-officer Montgomery, commanding t h e United States naval forces ta t h e Pacific, in which he agrees to all the essential points laid down by the latter, with regard to the duties of guards furnished by ships of-war for the Srotectionofforeignconsulates,whichissimplytocon-ne their operations exclusively to the consular premises,but not to be stationed in the public streets to hail andWe are I tillm*********^^^^****,******************n e O o v e r n m e n t inWcwaranada.ST incent premium. Freight for the United States, $18 a 114.IhBros 30,600 Roaenbaum ft CoBros.... $5,000 Duncan ft Sherman. HI, 109 ftC© $0,000 & Patrick.. 50,000 14.800 R. L. Wade . 8,000 Bros 30,500 C. W. CTosby...... , 10400 HarbeckkOo . 2,900The officers of the United States Naval Squadron now in port wffi give a ball to the citizens of Panama on the 19th inst. The invitations are already out. It will doubtless be a grand affair, judging from the preparations that a r e being made.A court martial has been in session for several days past on board the United States flag-ship Lancaster, t o try an officer of the squadron for striking a sailor. Thechants now, woo bad all their lives been selling it at waters of the Columbia river,i^.McCahillftOo JAmer. Exch. Bank. 38,000Neottadter Bros... 74,000 Judges. Belsu had taken refuge in Puno, where General20 cents per gallon, hurried forward their reserve as soon as they found that the foreign merchant could afford to give them a n Increase o f five cents upon the national price, if we may so call it. Time passed on. Vast quon titles were bought and shipped t o China; that market became overstocked, and the sale in Japan was conee quently stopped.The merchant* of Japan knew not how to account forthis sodden panto in the oil market, and many of them.counting upon a eonttaaation o f t h e high price, had ordered largely from the interior. With the daily arriva'of these orders, and n o buyers, th e Yokohama marketnow became overstocked in turn, and t h e native mer-chants began to tremble as their notes became due. Howwere they to pay for all of the oil which was lying idlein their godowns* The answer was the same there aseverywhere—sacrifice. Thusthepricesuddenlyfellto -econdfloorofthedwellingbouseofex-PoliceCommis-means were glad to boy—confident of a future rise. A nd The damage to the furniture and building byfireandtatyhCoOavey ft O'Connor.. latcherfcCo44,000 10,000 5,000Wetto ft FargoRoman commands a garrison of 3,000 men."attheirH WASHINGTONsioner Isaac H. Bailey, Xo. 72 Fast Twenty-eighth street. 30 cents per gallon, a t which rates foreigners o f large It was caused b y a coal o f fire falling from the grate.The coaanand of Cap*. Dent, United States A m y , has Just reached this point from the scene o f the Into Indian •itftacre near Vert Boise, brmgmg with him twelve man, women and children, who have been rescued from mis massacre, which has been one of the saddest thathat ever occurred on the emigrant route.These wretched creatures were found almost naked,and eating the dead bodies of those (hat had been mas- sacred,andinonecaseeatingtheheadofamanthathad •nan hnrled for tan daya The party numbered forty- ibor seals, o a t o f which twenty-nine wareFIHKis FKBnii AvEron—Between eleven and twelveo'clock test sight a fire ccenrred in the dry goods storeof Morris Roberts, Jr., at No. 181 Eeighth avenue. The secession is! flumes were soon extinguished. Dainage to stock about$1.000. Covered by insurance of $16,080 in the Commer-cial, LorUterd, Excelsior, Merchants and Trader's, andColumbia Insurance Companies. The fire is mid to havebeen caused from a defective flue.rapidly, it *movedwhan they cameIn 1888, when South Carolina threatened athat she was the guilty party. As yet it don't appear the of t h e Union, President Jackson called Generaltohel food or clothing, and had made shel-ter themtsrvM out of willows and gram, and the insenceofalargeconcourseofpeople. Itseemanygood features, one of which is the re-establishment of capital punishment, which it is to be hoped will lessen crime in "»» J?i««M*»^*Wrovedof ailthecontractslately concluded by the government. BSJBJwere blowndown,most oftheshippingdragged,andone or two were driven upon the beach—these latterwere subsequently got off, however. The damage to fo-reignpropertywasestimatedatabout$50,000. Mostorthe foreign residences leaked so badly as to drive us on the top of it. The two men very soon toft the stage,.237,600 , 5,000.tl^»^lTTEUUTMtY.of Oregon le PondKG*.WAIAA WALLA, 1 r,NOT.8,i860, jnmtr .AROTHER ATTEMPT TO ASSASSIN ATR PRKBIDENT CASTTLLA— court adjourned on the 16th inst., but its decision has notTrade at forts Hope and Yale tethe merchants being busily engaged in packing goods for the upper country.fared. TheyhadmovedfromWto- doing. Theyrepliedthattheyweretheretoprotectthe ;Hall, wham t hey wetowsd an escort of President. He then undeceived them, and ordered them guardedthemtonearSalmonFails,on tofireontheofficerswhohadconspiredtotakethePre- sident's life, which they did. Five officers and two sol- Snake river, when the dragoons turning back, they were diers were killed and seven wounded. Castilla was not Wt alone for 800 miles, when they expected to reach hart. Captain Lara mid another officer escaped and toot ise they were refuge in the house of the French Minister, and it is. reported that a safe conduct was granted them, They fought for t w e n» that they might leave the country. The attair was all over la less than half an hour. There was great rejoicingWithtea,silk,andflour,theeasetanotsobad,but Thedamagewillamounttoabout$2,000;saidtoboin-even there the prices have advanced to much that there sured.whkh, for its size, te believed by < strongestfortintheworld. There dred mechanics there, with about 1 ballcartridgestoeachman. Not1 dier ,nor i s there any cannon rtonce among t h econdition o f t h e best ton. Sumpter once ta tets, with experienced 1lions of war, such as the 1next day they destroyed. on foot, the mothers,in Lima o n Sunday, November $ 6 , among t h e classes, at the escape and safety of (he Prmilont,lowerTheconfusedNero-like,usoutof the mire. Our own particular1 .the Hon. Townsend Harris, seems to enjoy it with a most superlative degree o f satisfaction. Some months sincea n dsaid that the hen/a tt h e saddest specie Thepoor people, men, onthesandSantaMarta.T h einto his counsel. The General inquired. "Mr. Presi- dent, what a r e your instructions." Jacksony answered. ''General, your views o n t h eare my Instructions—go and execute them." Upon this direction General Scott ordered eight hundred men to Fort Moultrie, and that place wasstanwasatanend.At present General Scott's advice is not solicited, aor hiswellknownviewsonthe subject respected. Istate what I know without fear of successful contradiction, although Iampreparedto seea counterGeneral Scott trusts ta the people of the United andbelievestheywinfollowhtmtadefenceoftheUnion and the taws whenhe takes theflagand sounds the bogie.The war ship Macedonian ta fitting out at Kittery for the Gulf,andnotforthepurposeofbeingorderedtoCharles- ton, as is reported.If the President sends the communication of the South Carolina Commissioners to the House of Representatives, as h e intends doing, the message o f the President will b o readtoteamItsobjectandrecommendation,andthecom- munication of the Commissioners will be treated as a pe- tition from citizens of a sovereign State, and a motIse b e made to lay the whole subject upon the table.OUB WASHINGTON CORRE8PONDENEC. WAsnnraion,Dee.24,1860.o pmotive the girl had in firing the house.of ! ata and Coreeel, which nave are in a state of complete defence.had been done to the buildings by the The bombardment had been go-ranues and foreigner*.protectioMBtafederal patronage in California, and th* sawls Of pla< • hunters nave been developed.hy the Uncle Sam, valued at $12,000.It to understood that Governor Wetter will accept thepositionefMinistertoMextac CaptainDaly,thepilotwhotostIitsf teen discharged by the Boar.; of Pilot <«The pony express, with St. Louis deu* ot iho 27<arived at fen Fraiietere on the 11th instThe Fremont mines at Mariposa are regularly report.' Itfor the term of ion m i t t i ,shares of the Santiago and Valparaslb Railroad in private hands the grea.tr part having aireed) been bought up by the government.Two persona wio were arree ed in Valfarataa in Jane laat for making and circulati: g baae coin, a n d far rob- bery, tave been tried, convicted aM oondemned toMM*—the foreignin• O U T I A .WAB wnw n n v nnooinmiaMn>-nuMS aunons—osnanai, MUD'S nrvAnea, ETC.Dnteo to the 23d November hare boon received from this State. The Minister of the Interior has published a proclamation respecting the differences between Pern and8t.8au- ibeaMbe bemgad-calculated.An opposition steamer has commenced running ea the-aeramento river, greatly reducing the BQsnanua fare and freights.The republican papers charge that a secret orgentaatien ta concerting measures for the estabUshmentof an indeihlic on the Pacific coast in ease of thedan» Of theUnion. Thecharge does netsawnto beted by evidence.Colonel Fremont h a s commenced a suit t oIte land grant, the object being to test the question Whether the title to the tend gives the rigl>i to tiiemtae. ratecontained ta It.DfftBCttasB*—•• f FwTtH P•Vfnwtier and gone to Lima.FastenBernardand three <Taylor andItt, J. Madison,era, Frank Lock,,'as. N. Bailey, wife and Gammage, Phelps, and 1Mrs. Maryamand three children, Mrs. , James B. Leateh, A. P . Jew-o f the, JBmM$%_iConiinignioiierontheUnitedStates, 00 A 90days,15perThe News fromThe bark Onward arrived a t San Francisco N<Bolivia_ wyewOy'an- tbe belief that friendly re- had keen, or wore hot teft the fron-vernment forces at Santa Marta. They would, in that event, doubtless make a demonstration against Panamaif they could procure the necessary means of transporta- tion.return 10 '*SS3.tr*"*in every parUeslar.tto of Panama, the object being to raise the war. It is not yet known whether as attempt will be made to include the foreign residen sOnward, writes:—At the dateof ear departure from Yokohama trade w^|exceedingly dull. and the prospect of an improvement adythingbut ajparent. It seems that We have greatly overrated the staple exports of Japan. From the con*, mencement to the middle of the present year it was uoi versally concede* that the supply of such staples as raw Bilk, rape seed oB, tea, flour, ftc., wonld be at least eqna< tothefcreigndewutnd throughtheyear,andthat- future years the Jananese. stimulated utry by this demand, wcnldbrtag morev.ttoo and thustaereaee, rathor than diminish the supply. T a n ta now, however, commenemg te prove that seme of these were hasty conclusions, jumped at by us ta onr natural ignoranee o f the country and i t s resources, and not destined to equal the general expectations. Particu- larly i s this the ease in the matter o f the much talked-of rape seed oil. During t h e first part o f the year this ar- ticle was daily intruded upon oar notice at the absurdly tawfigureof 25 cents per gallon.Toward June and July it fell as low as 80c., but now it has suddenly, and without apparent cause, attained the unprecedentedvalueof50centspergallon,andnottobe had to quantity even at that figure. The fact is—and this very plausible explanation I received from t h e lips of a large dealer In oil—that for years previous to the opening of this trade there had been an annual surplus of oil over and above the wants of the people, and that thfclistof passengers tatheflrstand second cabintof the are as follows;—John V. Holland, Qipl JPtaasU,The place will be in total rain unless Ar- dreamingapontheorewhentheyreached banbeenoondemnedandsold. Shewaspurchasedby allretiredfrom thecityandtakenrefugeonboardthe* • « *hy the Intendente General of this State, from which It wlB be toon that the federal army ta hotly hi pursuit of General Moequera, which is in confirmation ofsays the bulletin, on every quarter. Cordova a n d Senor Intendente Ztrama had ta getting np to,Timbio, and daily to attack Popayan. The third division, by of 600 men, stationed at ybaqui, comwsndri the Qwindio. The first division, un- der command e l General Paris, had crossed over thesible to avoid a further attack from the bongos.The Legislature of the State of Bolivar had assembled st Carthagena. The message was presented by the Secre- tary of State to consequence of the absence of the Gover- nor. In the extract given by the Altaazn there ta nothingof importance.The Secretary of State of Magdalena has addressed along despatch to the British Minister o f Bogota, dated a t Cienaga, September 4 , complaining a n d protesting against t h e part taken b y Mr. B . W. Doyle, the British Vice Consul at Santa Marta. and Captain Lyons, of the corvette Racer, in the revolution, and lending their as- sistance and protection to Arboleda. The despatch states thatMr.Doylegoessofaraseventosuperintendthe works at the forts and other defences of the city. The Secretary also encloses several affidavits taken from per sons in Doyle's employ, in which they state that he (Mr. D.)setthemtoworkmakingabattery._—**a.•4W*WmP-W-emW'mw •^kmmw^ror damaged.l,nad the troops partaUiy burned at Callao on the 6th of October last, boleda capitulates. The consuls and citizens had nearlyd^hnaflsaamftLrua**My'* •*»«£,V»CFHate,ofBoston,wh«Twas•fromroomtoroomforshelter,andshooktosuchan ex- andshortlyafterthelady.feelingforherpurse,discover- tent that many preferred taking their chance of safety ed that it was missing, and in the bottom of her pocket Inthestreets,wherethecomponentpartsoffences, wasabolesufficientlylargetothrustherbandthroughra* a wadvantagewhatever .T h eN e wGrants'tensteamer.« •MORNING KDITION-WEDNESDA^ D1CEMBER 26, 1860.•nam TWO CENTS. ...-..•• .•The Arequipa correapondent of the Valparaiso Mercm-rio gives the following account of the late invasion ofBolivia by General Belxu. with the cognizance, it seems,of the Peruvian authorities, which is somewhat fuller indetail than what has heretofore appeared in the HEB-UD —"On the16thor16thInst,informationwas receivedinthiscityofGeneralBelsu'tacts,havingeludedthevigi- Wyoming,andUnitedStatessloopsSt.MarysandCyane;lance of the Bolivian outposts, a n d crossed the frontier hy the department of Puno, entering the Bolivian terri- tory at far as the town of Copacabana, where he sur- prised and seised Colonel Torres and another officer, andalso the British steam corvette Motive.The United States sloop Levant, now out from Honolulunearly ninety days, has not yet arrived.The American ship Alleghanian, 1,149 tons register, ofBRITISHCOLUMBI The steamer Pacific arrive)rommbia dates of the 3d, and inst.Senator Nesmith will proceed California, en routeto the scene of national Senate.The papers give an accounta trader in Washington Territoi Reports are published thatwagon road expedition have$12,000ftC© 44.000 Amer. Exch. Bank.. 30O00 retreated with hit two prisoners, whom he afterwardsNew York, with a cargo of 1,420 tons of coal for the Pa-cific Mail Steamship Company, arrived here on the 13th surplus was yearly stored sway, in go-towns, to-23,248 Wm. HodgeftOf... 10,000 shot ignommioesly in the town ofSepita,belongingto tine ft Bros... 12,710 Jennings ft Brewster 10,000 Pern. On the 22d further information was received ofInst.Gen. G. W. Jones, United States Resident Minister toBogota, was at Santa Maria on the 4th inst., where b e would probably be detained for some time for want ofward "a rainy day," as it were. Well, aft-T some thir-ty or forty thousand tubs had been thus stored away inthe different rape seed growing parts of the empire,came the opening of Japan to foreign commerce. Mer, * Sender 24,000 P Naytor Bros. kCo... 38,000 J. W . Cogh,1110,000 10,500 19,800General Belsu's acts, whereupon President Linares, justlyindignant at the Peruvian authorities' conduct in allowingBehiu to collect troops and make inroads into the Bolivianterritory, ordered a detachment of cavalry, amounting to means of conveyance to Carthagena.TOO men, to advance as far a t Sepita, crossing the fron- tier, in pursuit of Beizu and his forcse. The Bolivian troops entered Sepita, where they remained some hours, and then retired, taking with them forty Peruvians, amongst them the sub-prefect of the town and one of the•it the Missouri, while making' country this yearThereisnothing of imports]The pteamer Otter has arrived . iver, with $40,000 in gold.The Americans in Victoria generally •ilt. as Thanksgiving Day.noaatams tw toTntoroand Silvia, the general having limited himself to this, as the government, not wishing torun the least risk, ordered him to wait for another divis-ion, which was to leave Bogota immediately after the ar-rivaloftheammunition,he.,IntroducedIntothecountry alandforceandtwenty-twobongosofthegeneralgov-toreturnhome. Shortlyafterbeingunderwayour alltheconfusionandhorrorthatwooid<Natchez friead observed a pensive looking little girl,X I speak not on mere conjecture, or from any heed tuabout 0 or 10 yeats, whose black hair and yoBobrown skin would indicate that she was a mulattress. mere rumors fabricated for the hoar.Therewassomethingaboutherthatinterestedhim,and SouthCarolinataoutoftheUnton(Inheropinion),endthroughMemcaibo,andwhichwastobeescortedupto a force of 1,060te defeat of the tatmr. Dectoiveo Ire- IMMill on the 1st tat*., end bythtaeminent,commandedbyGeneralBrtotoo,whoWMto haveleftHondatoordertotakethediflerentplaceson the river and aid Arboleda hi Santa Marta, but at the time no forces had yet made their exit.Prom the Interior there has been no mail, as an communication has been •topped, therefore there W not aword of new*. Anything reported from the interior isW.T.fhtameBftCo. 83,000 J. a ThomasLevi Otraoss 08,000 Bellow Fares Geo.Gordon 66,000 Dickinson. Dewolf10,000 80,380hertoNewOrleanstosellher,hehavingboughther for$180taNorth Western Missouri, ontheborders Onr Natcbes friend eyed the tittle girland the border man so closely as to attract theattention of the latter, with whom he was aeon engagedto conversation concerning the child, interrogating him the people of the non-etaveboidlng States, whereon the in such manner as to elicit answers not always agreeingI O B U .I V ranI state that .VrbolI aas, whohaveI sad that ho wdi have te 1federalproperty andwillhonorablywhether Sooth Carolina acThe'fercod.>r,«d when Ote- JkftajftCStfmlhesfrtnj,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069gome IfiWW*P t « v f * ¥*7, t h e river Magdalene, > mfested by the rebelswhioh, for some will befreefromThe rebeta a t La (Senega have made several attemptsagaamtaeata Marts, bet they have not suteeededu__ 3 s toast and upte the present time had not obtainedbe not urged.Tot steamer sure. A enstriSaebesltetlon* The light rest.,whiob actually lomne toan• of the on for 1days. from theArboleda can only expect rein vie theHalf the time the authority city, their time being spent Having free passes on the railroadhat as all the places along the river are in the possession ofrevolutionists,itItscarcelypossibleforhimtoex- placearebah*theirtimetapect aid from that quarter, unless the government troops, " sring tame seventeen hundred, who. a t last ac- i, were at Honda, which is the head of navigation, cceed in getting down the river. To do this theyhave first to take Banco, a short distance below Honda, wheat natural pattttan to very strong, and which is de fended by about one thousand revolutionists. Indeed, itnns impossible to take iCwith such a small force with- greaf hws of life. asTt cannot he approached at all land, the face of the country for many miles being immense swamp. And to attack it in front by water probably result la the total destruction ef the attacking party. The Intendente General of Pana- ma, who has already sent large reinforcements toArbo- leda,cannotatpresentsendhim anymore troops. Bis position, therefore, is a very precarious o n e . This Isth- mus continues quiet, but there is no telling how long it30 from Kanagaera, Japan. She brings dates to var and Magdalena should succeed in defeating the go- A correspondent of the AUa, who came passengerwill remain so if the revolutionists of theStates of Bollwar Cyane hav- New York, tbo United States i n The skip recently underwent a -idwasfoundtobeinftnecondition This is due to her late efficient Com-A. W. Habersham, Frank Baker a»»i WIT^LfaSftlBivan C.. A.., Waahlwirn,Wentwortb, Judge Church G. < M. Rajaiaa, -Caeci -Rane-r.Mrctas. Hadsell, J. B South Dickey, A . D . Guthrie. " & Smith, C Master, s.ORRGON.s 10th, with Britishates to the 6thnext "steamer to tabors in the•of Mr. Carter. 'Indians.1 of Lieut. Mullen'» I gold at the hea' 1 on the tributariesI t through t h -1Columbia, kfromffraser)2Bthof the Isthmus among the number to be taxed.C. A . Anderson, Esq., the newly appointed British Con-sul for this port, arrived here a few days since. He is accompanied by his wife.FThe following snips-of-war are in port:—United States flag ship Lancaster, United States steamers Saranac andt h eing dates from the former up to the 3d; also full questing tbem te give their views upon the subject ofthe domestics, a girl of 14 years or age, named Mary -opinion of the most experienced military officers McAvally, her contradtctory stories caused the Marshal United States.to put her in custody. Roundsman Grier made the arrest,and during the night the girl confessed t o t h e Marshaldetails of Arboieda's attack on San Pedro, on the 8th ult Hie; total loss of killed, wounded and prisoners was 880— among them eleven officers, who are in prison In Car- thagena.remedytes;the evil. This we did, and hearing nothing former upon t h e subject, were about to address him, when a most Boasby-Hke opinion in the premises, which ho bad been heard to utter, convinced us of the inutility of any such movement. This opinion was so very terse, so exceedtngiy Bunsby-like, that it most not be allowed to perish for want of a little ink. Said Bonsby, "If theCity Intelligence. hieofthedollarwinfindItsownlevelI"Oh,sapientBtWARSorPICKPOCKETS.—OUSatnrdayafternoonaThe revolutionistssiege began on the 23d November. At the time of the shipta tbar. she's thar!" Said onr Townsend, "The vahave besiegedsteamer's departure from that place the city had been besieged eleven days. Several houses h a d been taken, and the forces ta the city had been compelled to retireTownsend tlady was riding down Broadway in a Fourth avenue om- nibus; when near th e corner of Chambers street tw o men, of gentlemanly appearance, got in. The omnibusThe revised ooMtitutkn was promulgated uyTresi.ientCaatiUa, m the Plena de Annas, on the 25th, in the pre to the plaza. The plaza Is a park in the centre of the on the 8th of September. Many houses and godowns being quite full, one of them stood up, while the othertAr i Bcity, and fortified; it is the best fortification in the place. The steeple of the church bad been knocked down, and agreatmanyother buildingsbadalsobeendemolishedfoundaseatnexttothelady,whohadjustpaidherfare out of a well|filled|purse, which she afterwards deposited taherpocket,andforsecurityplaced herhandkerchiefToWawrsnnsVt60saamsnsa^vdsnaadll •>•mmM.IL.I_I_itwvnA theforeignProtestantsofCallaoforabethel. -emships-ofwar,orgonetosomeotherplaceforsafety.stables,andstorehouseswereflyingaboutinaShemadeknownherloss,andsearchwasimmediatelyttamasai""•• *uey eniii a was w * • m awvauoa orove The government has contracted wltha person from most exciting manner. As one of the results of made in the omnibus, but of course without effect. ItthemtoitthattheyceoJdaQowthiaawhmtohethat Chiletoraise*hesunkensteamfrigateOaUeo,agreeing TheUnitedStatesgovernmentshouldhaveoneortwo thisseveregait,wehavetoannouncethetoss 1Beth,tadthattooinaputrid topay$50,000. Histhegeneralbelief that shecannot men-of-war cruising around to protect our citizens. of three veesels-ofwar. with their entire crews.then became manifest that the man who had been seated next to her had managed, ta a very adroit manner, to work up with his hand the skirt of her dress, so as to reachthepocketthereunder,andwithsomesharpin- strument adapted to the purpose bad cut the pocket and extracted her purse. The circumstance of the caution displayed by the lady in placing h e r handkerchief over thepurseinher pocket attracted theattentionofthe thieves, who were onthe took oat for plunder—the one watching the passengers in the stage, while the other wss committing the theft. This te one of several In- stances of the kind which have recently taken place, and should serve as a caution for ladies to be on thetookout for the light flngured gentry.•tat version e f the stateof aflairs In that city, to repair. Whilst repairing she was attacked b y two bongos, sent against her from Carthagena. They ex- that furnished bytherevolutionaryparty. changedafewshots,bywhich timeshemadetheneces- taa translationoftheofficial bulletin saryrepairsandproceededonhervoyageassoonaspos-The United States steam corvette Narragansett arrived Now, when there i s occasion for their services, there are These were t h e English brig-of war Camilla, a Prussian schooner-of-war, and a Japanese bark, purchased atCallaoonthe23dofNovemberfromPanama,and none;andsometime since,wheneverythingwasat sometimesincebyaJapaneseprince. TheCamillaleftfound everything quiet there regarding American affairs.isW eUnYturnM or nw atA*IDI.peace and quiet, there were several around here doing nothing.Gen. Arboledaisbetieged by 1,600menunder com-mand of Generals Vega and Labaroes. One o f Arboieda'sofficers, by the name cf Martinez, better known as Pesca-dito, in t h e evening before t h e Conway left, made amine under a boose whkh a number of the revolution-istswerein and blew it up, destroying the boose andkilling, it is supposed, at toast forty men. It tavery probable that this man will b e applauded and pro-motedtohigherrankforhismostheroicactofkillingforty brothers and countrymen,an act unworthy of the most savage Indian.The steamer Cokm (formerly Laura Frances), whichE r t t r ^ r %2oV«-»her machinery having got out of order, she w a sto pot into a small port or inlet on the coast, near theHokadadi for Yokohama on the 1st of September, and has not since been heard of. The Prussian schooner was left by the frigate near the port, just before t h e storm, and had not been heard o f more, and t h e Japanese vessel went on shore near Simoda. N o hope i s entertained o f any of them.PBC88IANS AFTER A TREATY.Speaking of the Prussians reminds m e that they have now tw o frigates at anchor in the bay of Jeddo. Onboard of one of them ta a Minister, whose object is to effect a treaty similar to thorn granted England, ourselves, France,RussiaandHolland. Itisgenerallyreportedthat they meet with little or no encouragement from t h e J a -panese,andthattheMinisterhadquietlyshruggedhis benefitofthechurch,thealterationsinwhichhavebeen ion—TheIssueBjore tiuPeopUef theJSTertk—1%tSouthOtur P a n a m aCorrespondence. PANAMA, N. G., Dec 16,1860.Caa/idiao AecoMf^e— What the Government BuOttin iayt— the Rebels Defeated em flB Side*—Operations Against Stmt* Maria a fhHure—Tke UniUd States Sloop Cyan*— NewThe<mPanama—Venek0/WmlaPort—General Jones, United Stales Mimsier at Santa MaHa—XamlPj^^s^ffi^TM Vwaj^nnBaenjsj* ^aawafejsr f^aaamj jKCftww*FAIR FOR rax Bsxam or ST.ARORXW'B CBOBCB.—Thisfair will remain open till the 30th, and as it is for th e Ko Hope of Compromise—Nothing in Preened but Disun-Nietohas at Chiriquana, on their way to Ocana, 1,900 man, under the OOmmand o f General Quintans, awaitinghe inquired of the captain concerning her. He was in-as soon a t the Conventions of Texm, Florida, Loatotana,ontheline. Ishouldthinktheput a stop to it and only aQow them a is actually necessary.In the Stat and HtraJA of the loth to from the French Consul in Panama, tation to a hall to be given by the rauadron in the Pacific, and a* It French Consul, instead of to Mr. L e veur, he sent it to the editors, with the disposal of the officers, on account dressed to him personally.Died, December 16, of consumption of .John W. Boom, Esq.lis a card laninvl-suamay^a^a^vny^^^^^^sw^y^^a.arrest peaceable citizens passing by, as was the case inPanama, when the guards from the Clio were on shore in this expectation they were not disappointed, for no water will amount to about $1,000. Insured in the Arsenfl H i d place to be removed to the Sdath. Theostensibly for the purpose of aflbrding protection to theEnglish and French consulates. But Captain M.,notwith-standing he concurs in the views expressed by Flag-officerMontgomery, as to the main end only point at issue,when the correspondence was commenced between those bad. Now this rape seed oil is to the Japanese whatAmerican Insurance Company.two officers, has had the bad taste to say that should the occasion arise in the future, requiring guards from his ship, he would do the same thing over again. It is only necessary to my that if he attempts such a thing on this Isthmus while Flag-officer Montgomery is ta command of the United States naval squadron in th e Pacific, be might have occasion to regret such rashness, for under nocircumstanceswillBritishguardsbeallowedtochal- lengeandarrestAmericancitizens mthestreetsof Panama.Onr A s p i n w a l l Correspondence. ASPETWAIX,N.G.,Dee.16,1860.whale blubber ta to the Greenlander—an absolute neces-sity. NO sooner did the scarcity, therefore, becomeknown than native dealers to all parts of the country began gathering it In wherever they could find it, and animmediate advance in price was the result. Soon, t h ecountry supply being exhausted, "they turned their eyesto Yokohama, and, singular asthe assertion may seem, ittathenativemerchantswhonowlooktotheforeignmerchantsfortheirsupplyofoil,insteadoftheforeignlooktogtothe native, This is the reason why oil cannot now -treet, occupied by Haflerty ft McHugb, dealers in corks. The plan of the secessionists ta to be bought in Japan under fifty cents per gallon. The firs', floor is occupied by John M. Whitfield, plumber.Siege of Santa Maria—Attack on San Pedro by the Go-vernment tones—Damages to Santa Maria- Meeting of ably poor. the Legislature 0 / Bolivar—Complaint of the British Vice-ConstU at Stmt* Maria—torced Lean atPrrtidiwtfnf Contest—Arboleda andFrench Etiquette—Deaths,dtc.The British steamer Conwaya tthisporto nThese twe mysterious fires alarmed Mr. Bowman, andsooner had it all passed into foreign hands than heaw rains destroyed the new rape seed crop, and with this came the information from the interior that the oi' godowns were all empty, and that no more was to bebelifl i ta that the administration have armltbeyltenopossiblemarginforprofit. Itseems,therefore, that one is jdVtlted in saying, trade in Japan is exceed ingly dull, and the prospect of an improvement disagree-THE CUBJtENCY.IRCRVDURVFms nrWarnFoRrr-SKvawm STREET.—OnMonday morning a mysterious fire occurred i n t h edwelling house of Mr. Bowman, at No. 28 West Forty-seventh street. Fire was discovered burning a bedsteadand bedding in the second story room. While the inmates of the house were engaged putting out this fire, another was discovered in the front parlor, which destroyed the lace curtains and fired the window casings.arrived party,withtheavowedobject,itissaid,ofplacingGen.the7thinst.,fromSantaMartaandCsrthagena,bring-hesentawrittencirculartoailAmericanmerchant-*re-anexamination,whichtodtheofltaertosuspectoneofdestroyedtatornthantwenty-fourTheconspiracy was set an foot hy the ultra liberal Firmin Castilla s i the head of the governmmt. Manyarrests have been made of parties of the highest respecta- bility.A correspondent of the Panama Star and Herald says that a secret society exists, under the name of -Union and Pro- gress," composed principally of ex-members of the Sa- tfeiial Convention, a t the head o f which i s Dr. Gal vex, the"onvention, a n d from whence i t i s attempts against the President s life G.hioneofthepersonswhomalePresident g bouse, and who soughtFire Marshal Baker was notified. The Marshal went into allowed to fall into their hands, Fort'BUBBICAXB AND THREE SHIPS LOST.A most destructive hurricane passed over Yokohama> shoulders and informed the government that, being in rendered necessary by the widening of Dunne street, itCarolina Commissioners—Their Proposals Concmtng the mitt and OuGMeetumef tttanajaj MiiihUi th ftnVaj of Radical Republicans, <lc.Allhepeofoaaspromtae through the tootruinuatnuty ofCongresntaatan end.Mr. Crittenden has given it up. So has Mr. Oorwia.No well informed man of any party, loantlriTw with the proceedings in the committees of which the*were respectively Chairmen, expects any satisfactory ad-justment of the difficulties between the North and South from our federal legislators, new or hereafter.There is noprotpeet of anything better than a dieeoiu- tien of the existing Union, and a recoidefined a n d well understood principlea, OT t h e liahmentoftwo o r more confederacies b yare n o t discordant, socially o r politically,is to many minds a prospect of something wot-.: collision between State and federal forces, ctvUallmadeopbyInterestedparties.Mr.IntendenteHurtadoisgoingtomakearorcedloanEugeneKellyftCo.61,000*Co 7,660Thiswassuspicious.ThelittlegirlwastakenasideandNorthwiththedistincttatue,'Unionto pay the expenses or the revolution. I have heard ParrottftCo 59,409 T. H. * J. S Bacon. 6,800exsmirodTshe said aha was an orphan, and had been If the proposition ehould be accepted by the North, 1 taken from an asylum in New York b y this man; thather hair was light and her eonmtaxfcn brunette: that and its attendant prosperity and happiness would be thismantoldherhowasgoingtothehouthwithher, staredandtheUntonwwaUhapreserved.--*•Hthat he has already classified the proportions to each citi sen in Panama and Aspinwall. The State offar,sincethebreakingoutofther neutral, you may say, although theted about 400soldiers and Bent themto Santa Marta to aid Arboleda with little success a s y e t ,and now have to contribute to a loan to pay the expenses of the revolution. This, you may say, is an imposition, but snch is the wish o f his Excellency 8 r . Osptaa, a n d that, I suppose, ta quite sufficient.a greatmany it is supposed Arboleda will be the of the republic, hot according tonsW •hngpit f leu*Paraadtndojraad Ganca—will gofor Gen. flerraa, so that H can be depended upon that h e wiB be the next President. The people of this State ?Pa1) desires H so, for they knew thai Quran's Jrst ise neace-—a very ueairaon in tag sure,L. AM. Sachs* Co. 66,700 Edward A Parker.. 6,000 ft Co. 44,000 A. Sillman 3,000 ftJ.H.CoggellftCo 40,800 Othershippers.... 68,583year for this I t ta a The merchants are now taxed so high that they can' hardly ©tear their expanses. The mnmereial contribution," as it is called, amounted, tost te97,086or$8,080,andwasallpaidbyapopulatione onlv dome business, moredHfcT^tfMtaf*.u, but the meagre arrivals' fully counteract the dl- mmk4jsddenuad!toighta are eaetor.and i 8 ta the tastlbalcan be get for Cork •The ship Fair Wmd g e t . *$Ma.toloadfromthe coast,of£•£«•»•*«**Among the naauuurera bv the Undo Sam were a number of n S w ? a m i « i. d where they propo.expectingthe Incoming administration to select fromtheir number the principal federal omcers for thisfor t h eto nearly $4,000 more.sntniagJ.saS*.?::..^ *m& where, as his adopted child,she wonld have a good home; that black hair w a s prefer -ed ta t h e Sooth,berejected,then,attoast,totthose States whtahito separate depart, without distorsuace, with dignity.The unseasonable targe treasure shipment by the Uncle Sam is understood to he ta response to urgent appeals from Eastern cities.and prettier' than hers, and that he had taken her to a barber and had her hair dyed black. He alto toid her that if she would allow him to patyellow dye on herskin that herwould become much whiter to a few days and that he had pat the state on. On bearing these snshnjunta t h e girl wastaken charge of by the captain,being applied, the dyes werelight hair and light enmptaxlitn brought to light, pretended master was seised by *'who were about to deal withfinallyarrangedto tackhimshoukWland. In the nrarilyInthiseity,ta,w,—^--i —.—^ rat notices In the newspapers; sank as, shot, about to rmignhto commission in the army;garrteoolng our Southern forts ao as to place road capTure by heated mota.or » < £ £ « £ volunteers. W#ean my,with confidence,toW|MMtaaattroth,j.6»yofthawrw«*|»Business is inactive.fewdavs, and oat door operations have been retarded thereby. B a t few goods are selling a t former prices. Butter"* tower; 2 7 * cents is obtained for Isthmus. Only •orb articles asare immediately needed are taxen; what- everanxtotvtheremaybetosoBandremit,forced salesUntitled DocumentIt has been raining for the lastwould be _in the mcltaatioo to ship to«t. -1* IsrVtatW rj^^;*^ftag-i=• ,j...<*3i£§fe•.. ^:,.s... ir the American' to the penses are not given, so that the actual profit cannot beits yielding at the rate of $70,000 per month, but the —aSW.fitter,Freser, i,Itajt.iWeeks,The prospects for the spring trade were flattering. Fires in the Metropolis.FIRS IS FAST TWRRTTmaam Smsar—Between four and five o'clock yesterday afternoon a fire broke out on theFro m FCLTOX firKmr.—Shortly before ten o'clock a firewasdiscoveredonthesecondfloorofNo.77FultonGeneral Scott expressed the opinion MoultrieandSumptarwillbetakenta1<Painting a White Girl to Slave.ke Iter a[From the Natcbes (Miss.) Free Trader, Dec. 1 2 ] One day test week a gentleman of this city baitotnp country beat, the Cora Anderson, asing Greenville, Miss., whither he bad gone on business.. Difer ,.formed that she was a slave belonging to a man on board,whomthe captainpointed oat,who saidhe wastaking MississippiandAtebamaaballmeet,theywiBgooutcer-withpreviousstatements,andevidentlyalarmiughim. leadenofopinionmightgobefore thepeopleoftheThelAddrenwham ttfaanshV mflawm^awmmamlsm am^taumsnaaumaWa^e*w ^* «^»* v u ^ ^ ^ w^» am ^^sw mw^^^^^^*^^***** jw aamuf muea matOim SPECIAL WlffinCTO*WASKDroroe, Dee. 86,1860. The city has been very quiet all day. There ware no) general receptions by the heads of departments, and bn$ fewprivateparties. Theretanohilaritytathenational capital In these times, for the ported of a breakup e f t h egovernment seems to be hourly approaching.The policy of the republicans, as developed to-day, with regard to Sooth Carolina,ta to repeal the release tew*declaring Charleston and other Sooth Carolinabe ports ofBntry. This will addfool to the excitement.Members of Congress from the border stave States have been consulting, with a view to the oonosntrattan of all ithern States on a basis o f settlement, having f o robject the extension of the Missouri Compro- mise If I to the Pacific bysuteeed In this they win invite theof those friendly to the measure from the Northern States.There is considerable excitement in the city consequent upon t h n j B t n e f the people o f Pittsburg, Pa., in having refusqfl | p v the arms deposited in the Cowed StatesIt te a subject ofknow whether the President will usethe government property in Pennsylvania, fuses to do so in South Carolina.BBrtaeityamong ttainlytalikemanner. Thebestthatcanbehopedfor now Is that a convention of the people of the 1States may yet be called, as was Intimated in a 1 letter: agree upon a fair proposition to he tnhaawtiil to$ www.fultonhistory.com 