 I &mAM AJSSUAl, WOXDER—A NEIGHBORING SPECULA-^TION—OPHE OBSrSWS-^-T'wb VETOES—RICH BY<KKmTERPETnr<3f--CHANCES FOR ISVENTORS. FrtmOurOwnCorwpobdent .PBU^O)EXJPHU, July 24,1860. Tt< re is not & shadow of humanitarianism in politic B. Under modern 'engineering they are *&*&? •elfish j here and there, to be ante, a lofty » d terene exception in the person of some hero of the forum or the press, whs, in the general agita-tion, look to us like ' •* A *pot of axuveto a cloudy tky,A *anny uland In a rtonay main." -Y et there be other humanitarian heroes' than'IIIIBvtheby,IhavejustlearnedthatWendellsprint- any improved process of preserving and compress- ing establishment refuses to hand over the 30,000 copieswithappliancesforpromptfractureordislocation;and, in general, there is the defiant air about Worcester that, couldonlycomeofsuperiorstrength.-With such inviting waters as those of Lake Quinsig- amond, it is wonderful the spirit of aquatic enterprise i s n o t t r e m e n d o u s . . T h e L a k e i s a b o u t t w o m i l e s distaat from the city; which it divorces from Shrews- bury,andthisdistanceisitssoledemerit,forthelength is seven miles from end to end, and the width at most a half-mile—an ample course; and the shores are lovely wooded slopes, connected by a floating bridge of wood, to stand upon which is dangerous, the sign->boexds say.'r « •*egnot how to see; and even the pulpit is obliged to shut street, noising the valorous deeds of the day. He well to remark that we have on several occasions seen up its commentaries of the dead, now and then, and hailed his chums in the hotel half to clap congratulation worse—they having all the style of the city belle, withlisten to the awaked roar of the living multitudes, who | on their shoulders or poke sympathy into their ribs. a fullness of habit (derived perhaps from Mr. Higgin- son's instructions), for which she nineth all in vain.they say finer rowing was never seen than that of therather curious as to Mr. Duer'it '•scribe two satellites only. . One observer describes it.as a string of meteors, three in a' line, the largest ahead as it were, pulling,themiddle one by a thread'of light, Md'thatpuUm^^e'thlttd' by a^ similar tiiread.' All three moved in a straight liae. Each ball had a red center, Bur^runded by a'bltfH envelope. The lastdelivered "by R. H. Stone of Windsor, Vt., drithehaek-neyed theme, "Tjtilitarianiem." Poor in manner,ble. TheBrowns were in fine favor with the'xrp- vards, and ostensiblythe sune with the Yales, although the jealousy of New-Haven was really shared by the-adionrnmentofCongress,toexchangecopie*-ofthe wouldeadlylanguish,andwebelievethattheRev. Yourinventorsshouldbelookingintothelistof CovodeCommitteeReport,towhichhewasentitled T.W.Higgimon,inhislaudablezealtogiverisetomus-'. *»w*Wt-b«(*«w!<.'' i•pnfl 4WJ>«i#j»".' '," ••:, ..1ni;,^l,,J11|^tW,m.,,,.[-lWwn^^.»•(.»"jjnAtw******"•W'KI'I .*FROMsons in Philadelphia, who describe it with some enviousvariations. ^All agree that it passed x with great delib-vferateheselYrbm W/N.,W.,to E. S.'12.i in a straightline, 20 to 30° above the horizon, and seemed nearlyas bright, as the moon. Bat some say the light was ofwrite, the procession is forming to go to the " College Church" to listen to Mr. Perlev. Ex-President Pierce, who is here at Commencement, tells me thatit will be a masterly production. v"Commencement Exercises began'by a Baccalaureate sermon last Sunday, by President Nathan Lord. I*ba?e; <*\ 'iPHILADELPHIA:sidf-ralle period after date, pf^eonrse, 'herewere good, boisterous greetings on all sides awo?g the chums, and roany cheerful words, uttered by voices that were ju8f. delightfully"•' turning," and the strokes of hard palms •upon broad backs made a blood-freshening chorus. The probabilities of the ensuing day were discussed as the evening shadows hastened down upon the town •eft.dmthesurroundinghills,wheretheymaycotaoabiiiy be found), and the gay thoroughfare of Worcester bus-. tied with- boyish forms. A certain grave deference •wasfhown by the Harvard to the Yale men, but be-an oi>pofito positionn Pecksniff*,./^fr doessoj«*t »•ven these, and quite as useful in the pathway t h e / one was ragged... Several persons who saw it have ehosen to walk. One of them, at leant, is advantageously, near Wilmington, in Delaware, de-here. * Some seven years ago he voluntarily- trader^ »cribertas a large ball, which near the end of its took the onerous task of befriending every friend- co-oree parted suddenly into two, each nearly as largeMary Louisa....W:10 | Le Y«7aCenr..,.I«:i3 \ & K. O....16:46 . Firfct prize, $50; Sexxmo^liiO,less man and Woman who had been committed to prison for doubtful or trifling offenses. He gave u p his whole tune and attention to this purely phil- anthropic purpose, with results so truly wonderfulas the moon, with about that interval between them, and each furnished with its own tail of light. Passing on together, one is described as lagging a little behind the other. All agree that there was a bright and per- sistent wake left in the sky. v..That it was one of the most remarkable phenomena; Three boats were entered—the, Thetis, of the Har- vard Frefhmen; the Thulia, of the Yale Sophomores,, . in promoting the comfort of helpless thousands, as • ..to .attract.the general attention, resulting, in-the ibrmation of a fund to insure hispermanent services as prison agent. This gentleman is'constantly oscll-Dartmouth, their "benignmother." A unique cere-- old class mu&ic, were booked for rooms. The know-mony was then performed at-the." old college pine," ing ones were, among this goodly company—-the crack. rah, with''periodical irregularity, from the town to the which, was addressed by E. B . Parker, of Littleton, oarsmen of the glo «ing Past—men skillful in weights,' pond, and a stream of pedestrians glinted through thefor a three mile heat. , -The start was simultaneous and beautiful," but very soon the Thulia stopped, declaring a "foul" or eof-of the kind on record is pretty evident, and that the ' atiHtf between the trading magistrates whofoment body was large and at a considerable great distanceThe time of the Havard boats was this:All the approaches to the water were settled by .the. Sophomore* ....19:441 | Freahmen ...*.•••-20:13'r. Iw oils for the purpose of gaining fees, the prison towhich offenders' are committed, the plaintiffs who from our planet is also evident. The lateness of thentedr, and the power* who can cause theinno- hour is against the probability of hearing of its. appear-sellers of refreshments, and their booths and rude shelves showed through the leaves of the forest round.';'.';; Fiistprize, $75; Second, $35.. r, X>A8T RACK—SIX'AND FOUR-OARED SKEfXS:For this most exciiing race of all the following were the entries: Tbe first prize was $100, the second $50, and the distance 3 miles. . .G»x*hBankeTotAlb«Dy;ShelL6o«r«;J.Ward,Q*W. Sh«V, Ben. Mervel, Wm. Tattle, Chat Service, Peter Hunt: Green t White thronehont. <;..:.*Yale; Shell, 6 MM; H- L. Johnson, C. 8. Stanton, Jr., W. E. Bradley, E. P. McKinn<j7fE. L. Rlcliarda, B.Ivew, C. G. Me*- ril Coxswain; fcp. Cedar; Bine handkerchi«i«, vrhtteshirts.Union,Boston;Shell,4oars;H.Whitman,Jr.,W.ELCarpet** ter, A. G. Baxter, jr , A. "Whitman; B: F. Cotton, Coxswain; M*V hojeany;Whiteshitts,bluecaps.• .ance to any number of observers on the other 6ide of ,a done, the number ofvindictive suitshehas theAtlantic;butwemay hope that it was noticed,man: He held his audience entranced for two hours, and all of them flew, such being their nature.. Withinby an eloquent and energetic address on the " Pulpit the tent such of the boats as had then arrived wereof'seats, rising in tiers above each other, were raised, and the Worcester and the Shrewsbury banda of music werestationedthereupon,togetherwithasmanyspec- tators as they wculd hold when driven to it. Carriages were directed into the low-lying woods, and sheltered under the mature branches, or clung to the sides of the bare hills. From almost any position on either shore a goodviewoftheentire-courseofLakeQuinsigamond was bad; many individuals clustered by the water's edge,orseemedtohangsuspendedbytheshrubberyoft to be discharged without trial The good he hasFROMjbouses. They have exterminated the scrub oaks, - WASHINGTON, July 25,18(30.watch. Hispulsewastoofastforcounting. Every- thehoursoftheeveningwereaccordedheartilytothe where he was a picture the eye lighted to see. Loung- other Club—the jack of clubs, as one might say, if oneTheHarvardSophomoreclassboatisnew,was built by Coyle; is 38 feet long, 3 feet wide, and weighsrafeaing it at $50. The Germans have here con-gregated in a city of their own, now in four yearscrown up to a settlement of 300 substantial brick C«rr*«poiidenc« of The N. Y. Tribune.There are few vocal organizations in the country inore honored name—oneheart help going out to him with pride, and the sweet- efficient, skillful, and agreeable than the Harvard Glee A. Sibley. Uniform, white shirts, handkerchiefs fame, and judicial integrity, in the Empire State. Heest hope? For his strength is not that of the beast, Club. Its virtues are well known in the institution to trimmed with blue. , cannot therefore be insensible to the ju igment of hisnor his contentment that of the brute. In the moment which it is attached, and likewise to the inhabitants of The Thulia, Yale Sophomore boat, was built by Mc- fellow men in regard to his present opinions and po-Cambridge. The Club was organized in March, 1858, Kay this Spring, is 45 feet long, 271 inches wide, and litical action. I know that his record while in Con-Tenced in their farms, and demonstrated that thisland, 'which for fifty years no one would buy at $1an- acre, so far from being a mere waste ofBand, will yield both wheat and corn, andgrass, almost equal to an Illinois prairie. Yet, take the ground that the only possible chance for them •ap to the opening of the railroad, this land, thoughlying within 30 miles of a city like Philadelphia, »vas a burden on the hands of the owners. Now it aells readily at $10 to $20 an acre. It is true the owners, subscribed manfully to the road, both in atock and bonds, and that the stock is wholly sunk, and the bonds slow at 50 per cent; yet in the enor-m o u s rise in the value of their land they have theirreward. The road is growing better every year. that they have a common interest in the defeat of Lin-A way traffic is springing up, while the passenger travel to Atlantic City shows a marvelous annual increase. Last week a single train of 22 ears went down with people, one day to dip in the "ocean and the next to return. What-all this will grow to in the next ten years no one can say. But, in such thermometries! figures as w e have witnessed within ten days, such an outlet from this pent-up Utiea ofcoln in New-York.Their hope of doing so is founded very much on the idea that there is great dissatisfaction and lukewarm- ness onthe part of many Republicans and symypathizers on account of the Chicago Convention throwing over-show, by their strength, activity, and endurance; theirprotuberant muscle and clean:shape, that if the nation and clapping. The title is—white shirts. '- ; " dence. in opposing the election of Mr. Lincoln to the Brown—-P. S. Jastram, C. D. Cady, E. P. Brown. O. Lapham,A>M. Bowen, E. H. Sears; W.-H. Amea, coxswain. Uniform, " Presidency in I860: I have seen a new light. Then salmon-colored shirtH and block handkerchiefs. " I was led by Jefferson, and Rui'as King,and James The Harvard, the champion College boat, was built "Madison, and John Jay; now I follow the clearerby McKay, since June. Her length is 40 Ifeet, herwidth 26 inches, and she weighs about 180 pounds. " light and. wiser counsels of James Brooks and Wash-C2T*',ocan l>e pit>Tideo w« and talk of o 3aeal. "Vhys fes' \- e, an -,*-*t»a?r, t~^» T know i-vu^tViCed t therefore hi fortune to o:: .ttrving,'to allcre poBte and forgi 111en of them " aahained 0:1 ryieg in th*? mekrJ;- tr x tht. c ai U? •whi.•". »«iu 3ariW «k/W*e ** • •'out kw pi .J*fcrtily, and *•J&»«K^ *.!-ey' t<K>aiuch. 'i ev*?\ man vt nal^yanar^ fo/il wasting -»i pains,opeoly nope for thei- andwickednosl mosthopefu,cj lican garden.[The eathu us, though w< ' Sunner's sp€ o n e , a n d e-<p<telling facts tered alon^ t i l ous pubUcatic was,wo caai importance ti toit. Itwa as a speech, a viewofthe(A before, and whow th:< era ia Amer.c|in the warm: one of the;n onlytoeavai"Friend, 1<4thatna4ty is true in hi* true withoutCoprER-156 William Tearsof ag*. *tc map of CanadaJi and said that.leB»adisiely soarcfI am informed that a letter has been received within -'Orars ranks among the great health-giving achieve- two or three days from the Hon. George Briggs, ofments of the age.New-York City, in which he says, " I have more hope of carrying the State of New-York for Douglas than at any former time."consummated. . . Letters have been received here by a number of pri- vate citizens, from friends and other parties strangers to them, living in the South, urging them to form_in..much is expected, was built by Donaghue & Brown ofNewburgh, for the Regatta. Her length is 46 feet, 1July 29 1848, by the Hon. Wm. Duer:" Gentlemen misjudge the North on tht» oaestion. There areOur census returns, as they come in bypiece- vcneal from the country, show a prodigious increase >• Of population. Pittsburgh and its suburbs havefanaticx, there are Disunionist* at the North; oat few in numbers, her width 522 inches, and her weight 120 pounds. She and inklgrificant in inlluence. But tfte men xoho oppose ihe extm- .JEaston, 10,000; York, 10,000; and Scranton, the chid of industry and labor, born only the other day among the mountains of iron in which she was cradled, has shot up to 12,000. Protection to iron would have made it double. All the coal and min-in 1859. The citizens contributed libarally to a fond for the entertainment of the College crews, and ex- tended their public spirit to the collection of the sum of $400 to be distributed in prizes to the successful boats•that Slavery is a great evi/; a sentiment that with many is found- cheers rerit^the bright air. One of the stretchers of the ed on religious belief, and therefore moat dangerous to disturb.withstonding the hostile policy of the Government to midable than many suppose. There is no doubt butcrush out the interests of labor. There are so that the Breckinridge party are closely allied to it.manyslowcoaches employed intakingthis-eensus Aleading DemocraticMember of Congress wasfrom whomhas proceeded the heartiest battle-cry in the' crueade against dyspepsia, and the other ills that stag- nantfleshisheirto. IfanapoBtlewerenotwillingtotions.that it will be a long: while before we know exactly waited on a few days since, for the fulfillment of a .become a martyr on occasion, the interest of humanityAnd he fled while he cried, and he cried while he fleod, Sweedle-inktumbumi .CHOKTJS, ice.Hallo, yon there, an old woman said, BtopI Sweedle-inktumbum,It's.blowing great guns up there on"topt Sweedle-inktum bum.•Twill tumble off"on the;t'other side, Sweedla-inktum-hi-rn-sa,. But the hurrying strangei Btranger load replied, Sweedle-inktum bum fC H O R D B , &C.•'• '..'•..•''•••;•, ] . - .'•w h a t progress the whole- State has been making. promise partially made a Republican M. C , before thepremiums offered by the Philadelphia Agricultural by act of Congress, for copies of the Patent-Office Re- cleamonghis parishioners and feflow-eitazens, is over-Society. Theyareofferedforeveryvarietyofim-port. He replied with much earnestness, " No ! I shallturnedintothewateraboutoncea-week,andoMQgedtoCtent and machine for fanning uses—22 for til- ^not circulate the Covode Report myself, nor shall swim, ashore. Much of the zest for bodily'exercise "^any one else, if I can prevent it. I shall consign my that, even to the stranger's eye, plainly pervades theWASHINGTON.entertained no regard, for the well-being oi society. about 170 pounds. Crew—H. H. McBurney, stroke; party. I know that he bears^ftes of,the old Whig ing in his strength and contentment, could the American H. Mathes, J. Read, Wm. Hedge, W . T. Washburn, around which are clustered the brightest je wels of legalThe Bell and Everett Campaign Committee, whose.. headquarters are established in this city under theState, as these three parties, or parts of parties, hold" extension, and I am carrying out the true prin- North have this splendid significance. They draw to- satisfaction, but the real enthusiasm was evoked by Yale—Henry L. Johnson, Chas. S. Stanton, jr., Wm. E. Brad- adeeintble evea,f»81 .ikvpM'W"»;jUrb*p# criei J fieautyW t n ? | tfaeavejrage - editor:ijpSotbi|a bright green, others of a bright blue, others, that its* 'did not listen to it; but it is said to have been an 'effortown ! # » • » » other*/** K"1color was of the ordinary yellowish white light. ;Scmespeak of red scintillations. One person describes it asa large meteor, jfollowed by three other small ones;lurhferiortohisasualannualaddress.-Ytfcterday was class day. Procession, formed oncolJcge-green, and proceeded immediately to the cbuuh, where Prof. E. D. Sanborn of Washingtonthereisno\>\<i fretting; and ren>ctl»isop:titwo on one side and one on the other. "' Others de- Univexeity, Mos offered up prayer^ An oration was tween such Bottled rivals endearments were in^pjasai-If their pftl have them ai^J me, axe the ottm to» recen* vm jBOSt oonfewpress does no; ofTwfcT*i»T's peculiar instrc '"Ifromtfae-P^ all the rcat ot i titular sditori unworthy of 19 position we hoi—-onworthy oM nimi«y>bat is, J God gives to ;a| of limbs.One can ba cloeet-philo«^^M tinguigb bfet w efOratorofNature." Heapplaudedthe,Brooklynman stretched,inthe usualfull-length style',andtheirdeli- had dismissed, the unjustly accused he has promnt- and perhaps measured, at some of the observatories. of GodVBeecher, and ridiculed.that " twrpepecus," cate fibers and graceful lines were entertainment for anWe will undoubtedly hear of it from the. Westj and scattered families he ha* reunited, constitute a sum perhaps receive accounts of stone showers having fol-hour,'and in some measure directed the current of bet-ty liberated, the broken hearts he has healed, £he.*fgoodtopoor,sufferinghumannature,which loweditsexplosion,assomesayinnumerablesparks thought. .-ting that set inabout this time. .Notwithstanding theHoward himself did not exceed in accomplishing. were seen to follow. The explosion of the crust of aAthalf-past9,theZetaPsiSociety,whichholds its convention here this year, were addressed by W. D.Hissixthaxmtiafreport; justput,showsthat 1,063small planetoid body, rushing so rapidly through oarpersons were by his efforts released from prison, at atmosphere as to be heated to a white heat, is easily JKnapp? on the " Union and Unity of Mind." The new Brown, and the confidence of her crew, the odds,Quickstep, Bortori; Shell, 4oars; James* Scott, Robert Dono the bankgj or perched midway of the embracing hills. Tan, J. DriHcoil, M. Long; Mahogany; Pink shirts, white hand*;.;/,; a eostqf only958- Every one of these people had orator is characterized by. a line use of a temperate on Monday evening, were largely.in favor of Harvard. comprehended.; but the actual partition, through its .imagination. Mr. Henry Bl Athertonof Cavendish It was hard to get the' Yale men to put dow,n theirAnd this was all picturesque and beautiful.Only the boatmen and the reporters were. admitted within the marquee. The array of boats was perhaps the .finest ever seen in this country. It was scarcely possible to conceive thav/ this needle should presentlykerchiefs.The courte of the boats was followed with close at-jYesterday, Sunday, Gerrit Smith delivered a power- ful discouree at the Free Church in this place, from, win, for-Yale. The players sat around the table land to land, with numbered floats attached. The the following text: "Wherefore by their fruits yebeen either improperly or unjustly- imprisoned;' middle, of a mass so vast (for this one must have beentention. They came in in tbe order namedx Banker 18:37 I Union.Tale. 19:10 | Quickstep.most of them being innocent, while the others werearrested from spite, or for offenses too trifling to beentertained. The agent saw their persecutors, andfollowed in a poem, " iahorCand sweet." A' Baccha- money on any terms, and the upper lip of Massachu-countable on. any known hypothesis, and invests this inetor with a peculiar interest. It has been accounted'.,....19:41 21:26 The Banker's time has never been equalled, and her stalwart crew fairly bore away the honors oi the Col-his soft word turned away their wrath. Comingdown to the mere money value, the discharge of strange that so high a heat could be got up in a fewthinly shaved pine"wood, oiled silk, and tacks; should carry-the same crew, the majority of them having, in- dividually, double'her own'weight.It was amusing to see the tender care taken of theWe have left only enough upace to allude to the" whirl of duety travelers back to Worcester, the hur- ried departure of many people by the evening trainer, the withdrawal of the ooats from the tent, and the con-these people saved the city $8,382. Some of these seconds by resistance to so thin an element ;atf/-thecommitments of innocent persons wera so horriblyearth's atmosphere at a great elevation. But it mustunjust as to occasion death. Many families have be remembered that the velocity of a heavenly body is!>een saved from shame, others from ruin, by these far greater than we can conceive; that the retardationnoble labors. Convicts ftom the penitentiary have of motion experienced by a solid body passing throughbeen supplied with homes abroad, or with railroad a resisting medium increases in a geometrical ratio withtickets to. take them to their distant friends, some itsyelocity; and that all retardation or loss of motionairy craft? how their bottoms were carefully wiped andfurbished: how they were dusted, and blown free of gratulations, protests, and promises, that ended' thewith clothing, somejwith employment—anything to• prevent them suddenly relapsing into crime. Every light, heat, electricity, &c. This explains the instan-of a nice little slit, cut by some dastard's knife in the oiled-silk covering of the bows.About 3 o'clock, Mr. 'Nathaniel Paine, Referee of the Atalanta Club of Worcester, went in a boat to the stake, nearly at the northern extremity of Quinsiga- mond, to note the turns made by the various boats: and he had not been long at his post before the Judges' boat and the Reporters' boat were anchored together inthe Lake, a few rods from the eastern shore, and di-Robert B. Pratt of Boston, and John Markoe oi the Schuylkill Navy. Philadelphia.great city should have men with hearts big enough t o employ such a missionary as William J. Mullen. The hot wave from the south has reached us, inGERRITSMITH.•common with our neighbors, and the mercury hasdriven thousands out of town. Blessings be on therailroads and steamboats that so abound to aid in the neighborhood of the meteor. > this annual depopulation.' The stampede take*enrery [direction, but probably the rival watering-parted to the dragging moments by a chess match al-evening, is detained by ill health. A sore disappoint- for Harvard, and!Henry Champion and Simeon Bald- rectly on the line—a rope stretched on,the surface from;• places of Cape May and Atlantic City absorb thethe largest portion of the truants. This latter placeThe progress of science in our day is observable in nothing more plainly than in the universal interest taken.in purely philosophical facts, by multioudes who,ment to the assembled crowds.The country hereabouts is suffering from drouth.On the village green floats a Lincoln and Hamlinflag, and there is but one side to the politics of this region. - ' • ' • ' ' ) . . , :•':•"in awful solemnity, in a .private lawyer's apartment, opposite the Bay State, and there is no sufficient rea-:Judges were Messrs. J. H. Ellison of Harvard, Chas. H; Owen of Yale, and S. V. Woodruft* of Brown." shall know them."Mr. S. spoke about two hours.was. founded on the most desolate sand-heap thatcan be imagined. It was a speculation, of course. until lately, have had no means of hearing or recordingBystem of intellectual training; health is not the natural - board New-York's favorite candidate, William H. offspring of ignorance; the soundest man is that whosermind and body are fairly exercised. The people are amazed by the Zouaves, and inflected with the dashing vigor of their youth, but the boys of Harvard, Yalej and Brown, are equally admirable, with the advantage of scholastic refinement.Worcester was chosen the place of the " Union Col- ^prown very fast, some of the latter having quad- ments opposed to Lincoln would be united in the State lege Regatta' this year, because the people thereof, rupled, while some Wards in the city have in- of New-York, and that arrangements were quietly and the boatmen -themselves, were well pleased with creased 60 per cent. Lancaster is up to 20,000; going forward, which, at the proper time would be the circumstances and effects of the Regatta given thereThe Yale was built for this Regatta by McKay in a week. Her length is 43 feet, her width 23 inches, andA prominent Administration official said to me to-day that there was not the least doubt but that all the ele-is esteemed a great architectural achievement in the sion of Slavery art neither fanatic* nor Ditunionufj): They arethis city, a " Southern League Club," or to unite with in an open Regatta. The aquatic feeling is unusuallyAnd he never stopped shouting thro' his moustichsr, Sweedle-inktuni bum!CHOKUS, &C.Ho eaw thro' the windows as he kept getting tipper, Sweedle-inktnm bum,A number of families, seated at sapper, SwEedle-inktnm bum, .Heeyedtheslipperyr-ockavery keen. Sw«edle-inktam-bi-ra-8a,Brown broke before the had made great distance, and, in rounding the stake, she shipped a quantity of water, sadly disappointing the hn?h expectations of her friends. She retired from the race. The Harvard crossed the line in 18:53, the fastest time on record, and the Yale in 19:05.The colors were handed to the winners; from the judges' boat, with a few remarks, and a duaty caravan soonfilledtheroadstotown,while the trainsofcarsfollowed each other in rapid succession, all crowded.THE NIGHT AFTER THE RACE.Thebetswerepaid,alltheincidentsofthedaywere discussed, the champion crew were laden with floral tributes,theircolorsweredisplayedattheirhotel.- In the evening, at City Hall, Professors Molyneux and Ottignon, the firet of Harvard, the second of Yale, assisted by Professor McNeil ofWorcester^ and a num- ber of pugilistic amateurs, gave an exhibition. All the the hoys went, and howled, and sang their own pecu- liar songs, and scoffed: at the venerable policemen ofthe premises, all to diversify the entertainment. There- after a night of awful sounds and wild freaks set in. TheloosestCollege life wasintensifiedintherespect- ablestreets,ofWorcester. Signsweretorndownand reliedfronfsidebpside;doorswereviolentlystormed; all barrels and boxes were converted into fuel for a roaring bonfire^ In the hotels, fierce marauders made t h e h o u r s o f t h e p e a c e f u l h i d e o u s ; a n d w h e n N a t u r eIrefused longer to hold out, weary eyelids closed, while theroughchoralstrainsof"Litoria'!werestillsound- ing up and down the main thoroughfare.THE SECOND DAY'S ItACES.The morning of the second day beamed brightly on many shaky students; but all were not in the 'plight of the laid-over.reveler. The editors of the University Suarterly, a periodical sustained by an association of l'the Colleges, met at iranklin Hall to talk over the affairs of the concern. Reports were heard from Am- herst:Beloit,.Hamilton,Harvard,Troy,theUnion Theological SWinary, Columbia, Yale, Antioch, Bow- doin, Oberlin, Princeton, JBCddlehury, Williams, and others. They were generally encouraging. The cir- culation of the (Quarterly is now about eight hundred copies, and the expense of publication is just about covered; -Many schemes for the furtherance of this lit- erary enterprise were discussed with much earnestnessThese are not persons who rail against slaveholders, or indeed against anything else. •They think sensibly and judge charitably. They aie, in truth, the best people of the North, and they have on their side the sympathies and the convictions of many of the hest f^"'•»»,— <»«-»Vn« a^,,.i. V._«J..ras"it a stigma on the Sooth when, by the votes of Southern men. the Ordinance of 1787 was passed 1 ," W e hear much of the compromises.of the Constitution. I am for adhering to them. But was it one of them that we should extend Slavery I 1 believe, on the other hand, if we look beyond theinstrumentitself,that the general understanding wan,that Slavery should not be extended. If it hod been supposed other- wise. I do not believe the Union would have been formed.••XWILLNOT,TOPRESERVETHEUNION, AGREE TOMAKETHEEXTENSIONOFSLAVERYJV.PARTOF THE ESTABLISHED POLICY OF THIS GOVERNMENT."Southern Democrats,withanillgrace,charge"uswith beln; Inimical to the Union. . . , W e ask no new territory—they do. They have driven us into a war to obtain it. And now, thin territory being free, they will dissolve the Union unless we will give our votes to introduce Slavery into It, in whole «r in part." If we venture to remonstrate against their wars, we are Ity of 'moral treason.' If we object to the Extension oilavery, we hecome *fanatics' and • dlsunionista.'" If oy any vote that I can give, I can prevent the extensloffthe " Southern League " being formed in other States. strong in Worcester. There resides one of the bravest ing regions have increased largely in numbers, not- This is the Yancey movement, and- may be more forj champions of the recent cause- physical education,machines, 16 for aids in gathering crops, 36 for sternest, and also the gentlest, bosoms of the Worces-contrivances for preparing products for market or " copies to the flames, which is probably the best cir-ter folk, is due to his magnanimous influence, enforced as it is by abrilliant pen and a virtuous walk and con- versation. There is a local boat club; citizens have •consumption, with 24 for articles of transportation. A member offers $50 for the best display of rustic aeats for piazza or lawn, to be competed for. by youngfarmersonly. Therearealsopremiums for" culation I can give to it."This is a fair exhibition, I think, of the danger theA good deal of tune ana money has been spent *e*e in trials to construct a steam dninmy for city me. One o r t w o brrflders now think they have theday came up the beautiful banks of the never-tiring3m»wrecresf » ever checked by antagonistic thco- felfnmst steam ultimately drive aD horsepower from city roads. •THEMETEOR*<^^^ «*"&TJ^"/Joly2*,I860.ated that he even destroyed his Bachelor's degree. cast a shadow before over the fair prospects of the col-SIR: The newspaper press, for W ^ j . the primary^a ehief goyerament under which * •th. average m i m m k ^ M S ^ ^ ^ hest a n , yet he is wiser, nobler, a»d * £ * £ * • average^oliticiaa;kingord>«i«ogt»e,from thewh$ ^ * 3 « f k whew* the other flenri**Democratic party apprehend fromthe circulation of theCovode Report. , i i ; l W , .,; • . . their private smacks; there are gymnasia, well equippedNow, don't go up this shocking ha*night, Sweedle-inktum bwm, ;Come,sitinmylap,saidamaidenbright, Sweedle-inktum bum,OntheendofhisnoseateardropCome, ••',•SweedTe-inktum-hiru-ra*But still he remarked as upward he olumb, Sweedle-inktum bum L?•of Slavery into Territory that now is Free, Xshall certainly give* such vote. If it can. be shown to me that by voting for Martin VanBuren,Icanpreventsogreatanevil,Iwill voteforMartin Van Buren. I should do it with great pain, but, nevertheless, 1 should doit Iwouldforgetthepast;I would forgetthathe. too,hadreachedpowerbyconuceissionstotheSouth,Ifnotequal inde;gree. yet similar in kind, to those c•Sag forage for transportation overour Western : plains; Jer any new and economical manure, the jjroduct' or waste of factories, and for farmers'd i a r y a n d a c c o u n t b o o k s . T h e t e e m i n g c r o p s o f t h e season have given such animation to all agricul- turalinterests,thatthecomingshowwillbeavery frill one.The newspapers have been exeited over two vetoes—one from Washington, and one from the H a y or. The former having vetoed the Dispatch JPost, that useful concern will be broken up, though i n operation, among u s some 20 years* I t collects ami deliversletters:fromabout200stationsfive times dabr, aD for onecent,andhaving worked*freB and given general satisfaction, its loss will beaeverely ttttt. Then the Mayor has vetoed steamcars on the city roads, even for trial purposes, Dartmouth's anniversaries. There was no standing thusiasm. The fellows of Harvard generally rallied atoftheCovodeReport,nowreadyfordelivery,be- cause of some misunderstanding between that estab- lishment and Mr. Ford, the printer elect of the United S t a t e s H o u s e o f R e p r e s e n t a t i v e s . T h i s l o o k s v e r y much like a movement on the part of Wendell, his sat- ellites,andthe Administrationparty,tp prevent the ffMieial circulation of this valuable document-until after the election, or until it shall be too late to do themany harm* ^mamm^mm«^MMMM • DARTMOUTH COLLEGE COMMENCE-- - > . : • : • • •C K O K U S & C-.:-"•yet similar in kind, to those of Gen. Cass. * : . . • * • * - I would forget everything edlsie and vote for Martin Van Buren, i£ t h e r e b y I c o u l d p r e v e n t 1 l e e x t e n s i o n o f S l a v e r „y . .. MENT, C«rre»pond«»c«ofTheN.Y.Trfbnne.-, HAN0V2B,K.H.,July25,1860.Many weeks ago rooms were secured for the several collegecrewsandtheiradherentsatthehotels. As earlyasITridaylasttheirregisterswereinscribedwithNever since Choate's famous eulogy on Daniel Web the namesof students. On Monday the great crowd ster, have the people flocked in such numbers to old came, each tram bringing its supply of muscle and en-the quarters of their champion crew, at the elegant Bay State House; those of Yale were at the Lincoln; the Brown boys at the Waldo; and the Union Club of Boston, whose;entry into the open Regatta was attend- ed with a peculiar significance, being regarded as the; very thing required, but are not permitted to trv it. Webster's love for his Alma Mater; it has been insinu- whose new boat, built in England for this race, hadalleging that horses will be frightened, while some"'•cTtoechartersexpresslyprohibittheuseofsteam. ^roomontheunusuallylargetrain,bywhichIyester-THE PRESSON CHARLES SUMNER-•.•"'•>Connecticut.should likewise listen to Mr. Perley's eulogy on Web-ster's distinguished eulogist: Doubt has been cast on throwing of the gauntlet from town to university, andAnd it isappropriate thatmultitudesby the y<mthfal editors. r jWhen their deliberations were ended, the roads were once more clouded with the dust of innumerable vehi- cles, and the hike was again a lively scene. The crowd of spectators was far greater than that of the first day. and distributed in every direction. The Harvard had &£. been early withdrawn from the contest of six and four- oared eheihj, on account of the illness of two of her men,andthisuntimelyeventdetractedmuchfromthe interest of the regatta, which centered in the match betweenthisfavorite boatand the CJcrijhBanker of.Albany, and the ynipn cf Boston.legians, put up at the Exchange. Ordinary travelers established as fact. But Choate! Dartmouth claims were flabbergasted at the rush of impetuous youths toSuch doubt and insinuation have never been fullyallofChoate! Itcannotbedeniedthathewasher " earnest enthusiastic son, he ever delighted to honor her as she had first honored him,'placing the laurel wreaththe " office," Dag in hand, and at the intelligence that probablytheycouldhavenosquareinchesofaccom- modation that night. Permanent lodgers were in a few instancesmovedtoyieldtheirprivateparlors;andthe\THIRD RACE—SIX A5D EOURA>ARE» I^y»TREAlC :. , : . BOATS, j .| . ;baid instyle, and possessed of no art of ,the.orator, heconld: hardly claim, with justice tiie attention of a Rhode Islanders; while all looked with suspicion and, 'thither. ' -j • ';'•. •""•' ••••• "';^ ^^;-•';••<?•; ..crowded- house for a tedious,half hour. He was fol- a certain apprehension upon the Union boys; All were: There was much betting in the morning. The odda favored Harvard. •'•.:',•••; •./:••. I-':;-/KX';^Ther time iixed for the races to begin was 3$ o'clockof the afternoon j and the first special train to Lake nameless boat, of Winiamsburgh,' contended over a Signal, on the Boston and Worcester Bailroad; left the two »il« course,^h\h the following result: 'rdepot with a complement of passengers, at 12$ o'clock.From Lake Signal the scene of the sport was reachedby* & half-mOe tramp over the fields, a pilgrimageaccomplished by thouaands during the'two Begattadays, and found not disagreeable to those who preferthe touch of soft grass, the murmur of leaves, and thecarol of birds,, to the dust and din of the high road.: and the Harvard Sophomore Class Boat, all of nix oars, Coachee ran, carts ran, all manner of wheeled thingslowed by Henry C. Newell of St. Johnsbury, the poet of the; occasion. By far the brightest efforts were by Messrs. Howe of New-Bedford and Poster of Andover, respectively the Chronicler and Prophet of the Chss of 1860. Both were distmguished by wit. but the former shone ont in. revivifymgiuimor. An ode was#8ung by the class with! commendable unction. The class then moved in procession to the President's house, where an address was delivered by Mr. J&mballA. Temple, and replied to by Dr. Lord in a short and approanate;ex- hortation ever to remember,, love, and praise Oldsanguine,of success—Yale, because she was victorious in the last regatta; Harvard, because she had bean successful in all previous regattas, and was now recog- nized as the champion College crew of America; Brown, because she had builded her a boat, of, [a con- struction so light and airy that a child2 mnchmore a well-drilled crew, should give her lightning^ speed through the waters; the Union for,the same reason, and also because their Club is the oldest in Boston, and their crew made up of earefollyrpieked men. rMany graduates of past years, who.still thrill to theSECOND RACE—^DOUBLE SCULf, WHERRIE.f.The Mary Louisa Ludlum, of Newburgh, Le Voy agjeur, o_f Bosto,n_:. the. E. K. G., of Boston, and &N. H., after which each student8eizedupona,t\vigof arid lines, and all the ramified technicality of the sport.laurel which,had been wreathed; about the venerable Interviews were sought with these mentors by timid tree- .Most delightful music was discoursed by the lads with means to bet that needed direction. Crowds GeraaniaBand of Boston.- .- . V, • ; ' ^ '- ;/ < went over to the Lake, quiet and dark amid the leavesLast night the ,Bev. T. L. Cuyler of New-York of trees and .the grass A tent, raised on the easterndustin the same direction. The reporter vividly, re- called the ecenee of English Fair days, which he had never seen except oh paper;''•'• •< .lision, on the part of the Harvard Sophs. T>e Judges subsequently decided that this was a substantial chum.•- daily editors. history, and *<o a tramper's r!l when it oBdjxj last. Iconfe<«| by my most i'a.\ somehow, that f for their stnpidl Theyooohmir.el matterofJohi| rseent stump tionajl teiide: \ curable ignored mal edhoriai tel the Senate, - :i| —noteomQi"iithece* sp^cbe^j nize the bist< n | take*, O. increl aflair—a v*:tt? have>'eaiQ "c*^/*Slavery mont date-the ait :. Wrong placedI have sometl erupii-e like • igoverned, coua faction of le genitoraof mu not only ss<-rtd •sts, but I ww locked. Wfaenl tereet of Fre Charles Sumhe livered into ti private exhib tirelytoo stur have been r sockdolageTa sneskiog ail<iecithel propriety, tiagainst the tyvjr\ | half tbe «(W* the whole of and with t!.-i watching over Christian bum:' to examine hi* luiking then*he had b*< presence cf A Moses—meet do' *•' trade-of a thou«M^ rule us by all this can t'etlorwm. Gfl rill, when a" ig and qq preserveiltional t.i-rfn ice, and Victory itself gumption andexuberanceof useafterthe\% bears, it is not a lap-dogs and pox bigger dogs bees bite too spiteful. forbearance. nM Only imbe«:!«apolicy—only r^ party, take i> who has fou^.. one of the :;. -iM party as some Wany office in i than the pa i waveofparry to bear bin*' courage deal iniouity, that ana this reply tion, proving that from the little giant« dumb servili pirhig <nil><.agony. retoru*_j peHtd bif hi ><mhor"' orz.2 p. platfona, chwas done th of lcoks to wisdom"" of OTguxtt ed intodelivered an address before the Society of Missionary shore, just north of the dividing bridge, was the at-Inquiry. He fully demonstrated that he was a " live*' tractive place. There were three flags upon the tent, about. At projecting points of either shore platformsthat nriBerable herd of wretched imitators, imitators of \his worst fault—a want of reverence—not compensat-ing by a flow of rhetoric for a want of original unmistakable advantages of the Yale lapstreaks ("lap-streaks"aretheboatswhosebottomsare-overlaidwith the timbers, not smooth and hare, as is the case with "shells"), and the alarmingly good proportions of thesome mileein diameter), is a phenomenon quite' unac- nalian song, in rhyme, cofc^jjtes the " ottava rima" setts curled with haughty emotion.is reaHy the conversion of, motion into something e l s e - taneous appearance of a dark meteor on entering theair, as well as the high heat to which it is at once brought. No doubt, if our electrometers were self- registering, they would show at the same time a vio- lent disturbance of the electrical condition of things inprophesied the eminence of the boy from Salisbury. The subject of the speech which Webster then deliv- ered in Mr. Alexander's hearing was " The Chemical Discoveries of Lavoisier."powers, no great excitement having yet fitted them for Mr. Edwards the procession disbanded. To-day Judge a share in its felicities. : Neither was any lightness im-Perley pronounces an eulogy on Choate.The Hon. Mr. Everett^ who was to have spoken this ready in progress between J. T. Cote and P . H. Nye,;There were hours to be passed, and discussion couldnot" fill them all. Conviviality was possible only in a Late in the evening' artorchlight procession was mild and whispering way, on account of a strong senti- formed, and with the Germania Band of Boston, they ment which took bold of the Worcester authorities/a marched to the quarters of ex^-President Pierce. The short time ago against the practice of alcohol. Bever- President made a neat speech, and the procession then ages are not, therefore, easily accessible. Cocktails do moved over to Prof. Hubbard's and called out the Rev. not leap down the tfcroat, nor do smashes extend their Mr. Cuyler. He responded to the serenade with a hands from the counter. But when the guardians of speech, giving a sketch of the occasion when Daniel the jug have secured a retired apartment, and espe- Webster and the late Dr. Archibald Alexander of cially when they have opened wide the door•, and more Princeton heard each other here in. 1801. The young particularly when they, have affixed to its panelsDaniel then predicted the future eminence of the the label "Closed," the cause of morality triumphs, preacher from Virginia, and Mr. Alexander, in turn, and the people drink. Which is the case, to some ex-of the old trouvere's. ThV fraters 'tjhen discuesed a . most inviting banquet at the Dartmouth house..bear tbe weight of six creatures, no chickens, and flirtoyer the deep waters, or that that toy, a frail fabric of lege boye. 'After serenading Chief-Justice Perley and the Hon.Correspondence to The N. Y. Tribane.PKTERBORO', N. Y., July 23, 1860.I t stands sixty miles from this city, the terminus such events, but who now read with avidity and, there- THE DAYS OF THE REGATTAS AT ful resistance of a devastating appetite by a corps of about three feet wide, and weighs not far from ISO away for want of room.being at Camden, directly opposite, whence the railroad, built as a part of the speculation, runs d<rwn to the sea-shore through a waste Of scrub- oaks, pines, and cedar-swamps, not a dwelling- bouse or farm being seen on nine-tenths of the whole.route when the track was first laid. This vast re-gion of country has been a mere wilderness from theJoundation of New-Jersey. It had neither churches•or school-houses, and only here and there a. littlevillage, an iron furnace, or glass-works. Havingfore, observe and tell with intelligence what they see. From all parts of a kingdom or a hemisphere come telegrams of apparitions to some centralpoint of news, and. in a few hours the conflicting, mutually correcting, and combined accounts are redistributed^ with com- ments, questions, and advice, which in their turn elicita new income of more accurate information. Thus, vibrations of science circle outward and inward alternately, from center to circumference, backward and forward, until curiosity. comes to rest again, wait-. f A GRAND STUDENTS' REUNION.;Zouave-like waiters, unknown out of Yankeel-md), in pounds. Built by Chris. Coyle of St. Johns, N. B. the fashionable form of She is married by C. W. Amory, E. D. Boit, A. Law-In the afternoon the discourse was the subject of a lengthy and interesting discussion, over which Mr»n o roads, access was impossible to general travel.IDeer and bear, with lighter, game, abounded, and ing, instructed,for the next event. Empires are turnedItssolitaryplaceswereknownonlytohunters,char- intolecturerooms,andnationsintoacademiesofscieace. .coalburners,andcranberrythieves. Overthe Observationanddiscussiongoon,notonlywithac-lesson and follow his example. 6. w. p.THE HON. WM. DUER AND SLAVERY.Whole of this 2,000,000 of acres the same wild char- acter prevails even now, except where the railroad h a s broken in upon its solitude, and, by promotingcelerated speed, but with improved accuracy, under the benignant influence of the telegraph and the news- paper; superstitions are chased into the few dark andexcellent Massachusetts city, w e are sure the world would have received a "yawp" of resounding vol-description of a start will ansWer for each race, and the reader will be kind enough to imagine the superb rhythm ofthe oais, the shouts of the crowds, the glasses pointed after the boats as they grow small; the specu-- — • • •••u.. ", appearance on the home-stretch, the music as the T* the Editor «/ The N. Y. Trikvn*.• Iree intercourse from abroad, has been/ the means lonely places which still remain, where children are not * f opening new thorougfares, building uj*new towns,ssohn for staple, and w e are informed that in Bostoneven Mendelssohn is regarded as a frivolous and ear-serving composer. The price of tickets was 50 cents, lations as to relative position at a given point, the dim" v a,'amd establishing,, at its ocean terminus, a watering place to which probably100,000 people will go this aeaaon, and converting a beach of sand, bought at a dollar an acre, into town lots at $50 a foot At some points on the. road the Yankees have located. an. large tracts, where they are building mills, churches, schoolhouses, and nourishing towns, buy- ingthelandat$5anacreintractsof10,000,andume. It was a high carnival of muscle, and the Amer- and the audience numbered more than 800 persons, of taught to read, and therefore men and women know ican youth was around. - He swung superbly along the whom a majority were the Worsisters, and it may bebarges shoot past the stands, the cheers as they pass SIR: Having seen the name of the Hon. William,over the'line ! and Time ! is called. The Thetis has Duer, formerly a member of Congress from this State,made her three miles in 19 min. 40i sec.; and the mentioned in THE TRIBUNE as an opponent of Abra-Glyuna her"a in 20:20. It was a close contest, and ham Lincoln, his old colleague in Congress, I washave at last learned how bothHo ask and answer ques- He was in his room, with three or four others, con-WORCESTER.self in the highest niche of the stranger's brain, she di- Neither Dr. Holmes nor Mr. Longfellow, who were rects his attention, without tedious circumlocution, to Charter Oak; ana when Worcester, the next link in both at Worcester on Tuesday and Wednesday last, is the chain of thriving towns that connects New-York the i bard chosen of the Mus«-s to celebrate those Sum- and Boston, would vindicate her fame as a metropolismer days. In sturdier strainthantheirs should be'sung and a busy mart, she languidly points the possibly cap- the epic of the broad.shoulders and brawny arms, tious visitor to Mechanics' Hall. It is a fairbetter Hallthan any in New-York. The same may be said of al- bright eyes and brown skins, shouts and songs, of the most every village assembly-room of the North; butcollege boy8. Copld Walt Whitman, the avoirdupoet) Mechanics' is a very fine Hall, and the Harvard Glee havecomedown from his Parnassus on the driver's Club,andtheMendelssohnQuintetteClubof Boston,seatoftheBroadwaystage,andlethislungsfillwithfavetheconcertthere,onMondaynight.Howwon-the atmosphere of health that was breathed into the erfulis the fprogress of the arts! The programme knew nothing lighter than Plotow, and had Mendel-chiefs. ' The G-lyuna was built by McKay of Wiliiams-burgh, this Spring, aod is 45 feet long, 26 in. wide, As be stood before the audience yesterday he was 3 and weighs 182pounds. Her Crewis Thomas D. ^im- living witness of the' value of a life of temperance inball, Wm. G. Grant, Theodore C. Bacon, Henry C. all things. He is now in perfect health, restored toGwin, Edward L. Keyes, John H. Woodruff: James even more than his usual intellectual and bodily H. Eakin, coxswain. Uniform^ light blue caps andwhite ehirts.' strength, and to his long life of temperance he is, underThe boats draw for position, and take it. A gun God, indebted for that latent recuperative power whichshould be fired,. but a voice instead inquires if the has brought him up from the very brink of the jjrave,crews are ready, and at the word Go ! the twelve and opened up to him, we trust, jet many years of bodiesbendforward,thebrown; big muscles quiverinthearms,andthecraftdartoutlikelances-One usefulness.LettheyoungmenofthelandlearntheTHE ROW FOR THE COLLEGE CHAMPIONSHIP.tent, in other parts of New-England. • 'But the College boys, to tell" the truth, were riot anx-- ions to avail themselves of the inoral loophole to adebauchee's paradise kindly famished by the temporalI/•Harvard Freshmen.viviaL He waited for the daylight,,but kept no weary popular and least paid of all the Athenian institutions, SECOND RACE—SOPHOMORES., eonally; I remember him as onej now Mr.Duerper-of wildest triumph, he throws up his cap for the and the present members are as follows.: direction of Hon. A. R. Boteler, of Virginia, are direct- beaten crew; and oft" he goes to drown the disap- G. J3. Powers, Leader, MasB., C. Boyden, Mass.,weighs about 240 pounds. Crew—Grosvenor Starr,Henry P . Johnston, Wm. B. Seely, Richard Morse, frees in one by which he would be willing to be judgeding all their energies to the State of New- York. Theyy posterity—one, that with honest pride he-may leave coxswain. Uniform, white throughout. * his children, and to which they may refer with all ofto do anything, or to sell out their party to advantage,is to defeat Lincoln, in your State, arid they care notwhat means are resorted to in order to accomplish thisobject. They^will unite with eithertheBreckinridge orDouglas party to carry it out. It is supposed Dy manyhere that funds arc supplied by both icings of the enterprises of the future. • Democracy to enable them to carry on the work in thatThe Thulia drew the first position, but was led out. ^ r ;THE CROWDS COMING IN.-:Having said which, the peasant went home tobe3>, , Sweedle-inktnm-hi-ru-sa,But the singular voice replied,overhead* ' ,,-.,,. r Swee&e-lnktom bumi'" •Uri »j r',-. , &%.i CKpapsj-to.: -, . ..About fouiCo'clock the nest aiternooi Sweedle-mktum<SbiurnyA man accidentally goingeudple-s"oon, aweedle-ioktumbum,•Heardrepeatedabovehimasoftenaa-twice^. • Sweedle-njktum.hi-ru-tniv.•Cheveryeamewords,inaveryweakvoice, < , A Sweedlft-iiiktumbuml\ CHORUB, &U. "L. : I And not very far from a quarter past seven,- Sweedle-inktumbum,(He was long getting op, the road, being uneven?!Svregdle-ilnktum bum, :. He found the stranger dead in the snow,,Sweedle-i»ktiunrhl'ru.wv. Still grasping theflagwith the stiaaga moUt>». i .Swoedle-inktantbumL pf::": .--.' CHORUS, &CYes, dead, defunct, without any doubt,Sweedle-inktnm buatv The lamp of his being decidedly out,Sweedle-inktum.bum.. Thereonthedrearyhill-aidelaying,8weedle-inktum-hi-ru-ee^ - Jt wasn't UO more use in him a saying. *Sweedle-inktumbum! . CBVHTJB, «ic..Although the Mendelssohn Club are among the most-question of Slavery. I do not past opinions on the eloquentadvocatesofthepr fthemostableandC. D. Lamb, Massachusetts,D. Lamb, Massachusetts, J. Reed, Maaa.,H. J- Haydon, Massachusetts, James Haughton, Mass.,H. Howland, New-York, Joseph Shippen, Pennsylvania,BLGh SpauidiDg, Vermont, • C B . Porter, Vermont.Q.M. Humphreys, Mass.,broad of his back for the heaviest burden of State; The PosentiNumi, from the "Magic Flute," wasbass voice, and merited the encore it received. All the glees, which were generally convivial and.therefore especially acceptable to a Worcester, audience, gavepend one of these which, as sung .by the same How- Chas. (r. Merrill, coxswain. Uniform, blue handkerchiefs and "the Constitution, and the Declaration of Indepen-pointment of his recent rival in an ocean of jovial fel-W. L. McClintock,Israel Minor^jr.; Jacob S. Bockee,lowship. His ample chest dilates with hearty and O. F. Wad6worth, Mass., Geo. G. Wheelock.Mass.,filial affection to a beloved and honored father. Would by the Sophomores of old Harvard, and before she had Mr. Duer stand by the record of 1848, or his record of gone/ar one of her crew was suddenly taken sick, and 18607 Would he destroy that of 1848, and say to hiskindly ambition, not with savage lust. In the field, at Cbas. H~ Mudge. Mass., the iireside, he will not fail. There is room on the S. W . Driver, Mass,the race was abandoned. The Harvard boat crossed vigor enough in his limbs for all the mighty republican sung by Mr. Howland with excellent taste and a rich the line in 20 min., 17, sec.children, "remember me only by my opinions and ac-tion of 1860." Would Mr. Duer say, " I was in great" error when I voted with Abraham*Lincoln as a Whig'*member of Congress in 1848, in opposition to SlaveryThe Annual Regattas of the great Colleges !>f thegether a host of the young men of the country, and the genuine and characteristic college songs. We ap- ley, Edward JP. McKinney, Eugene L. Richards, Brayton Ives: ciples of the Constitution, and of the fathers of1is physically degenerate, it is no fault of the highestL1T0K1A.The shades of night were coming dow n, swift,Sweedle-inkltum hum! The daczling snow lay drift on drift,Sweedle-iuktum bum! When through a village ayouth did go,Sweedle-inktum-bi- ru-sa, Bearing a flag with this'motto.Sweedle-mktum bum!CHORUS. ; Litoria ! Litoria !Sweedle-inktum-hi-ru-sa, ':•••. Litoria! Litoria! Sweedle-inktnm bum.O'er a forehead high curled copious hair, ... Sweedle-iuktum bum,His nose was Roman, complexion fair, 6weedle.inktum bum.O'er an eagle eye was an auburn lash, Sweedle-inktum-hi-ru-sa,land, set the men to stamping and the ladies to wavingLock out for that branch of a sycamore tree-,. Sweedle-inktnm bam,Anddodgeanyrollingstonesyonmaysee,.. Sweedle-inktnm bum,.« With whatever energy I possess I shall advocate the electionr of. Gen. Taylor, for the reason that I believe Ituct a choice of evilsbutagreatgood. Heishonest,patriotic,republican. HU election will close, I trust forever, the fatal policy of conquest and the extension of Slavery."Mr. Duer cannot by sophistry or false argument rea- son away the truths he uttered twelve years ago. He should talcs the hack track, that is a safe and an honor* able one. He is now in the political sloughof despond, and Mr. Pliable is his leader. The road * • « • * » * • travelingwiU.neverle^himtothelandofpromi«^ or to the gate of the Beautiful. Let him turn back an* get .his/roll, the "Declaration" andthe "Conetitr*- tiorV' and start again. * . * . * > •inscribed VJfijjt tf ^ WW" W» We k*ow. As J memory of gach Samaritans W be embalmed for a. con-11 .(Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Document' After^th^^CJoiicert','Mfitfsivrlly night'and-/serenaded-i number of persons, and w* re handsdnlely ertert^med in several houses, iTuesday carte with a wealth of brilliant and balmy sunshine, a sky that was scarcely clouded all day, and a gentle breeze front the West; Worcester at every pointbetokenedthecomingevent-^-bygroupsofciti- zens mingling, in their holiday attire, with groups of students; by a strange confusion of hitherto unknown or impracticable vehicles; by an eruption from all the posts, and fences, and walls, of placards inviting the public to sit in ee&ts providedrfor their weary frames at tbe Lake, at alarmmg pecuniary sacrifice to the pro- prietors, or to adopt various modes of conveyanceTHIRD RACE—UNIVERSITY BOATS.Harvard— Casper throwninshield, stroke; C. M. Woodward, E. G. Abbott. "VV.H. Korr, Henry Ropes; J. H. Wales, bow.Uniform, white shiits, red handkerchiefs.Club w e n tforthinto theThe^Jttdgf s* b -»t"was placed in'oibsihetd »h'- dayi^eJbjv; on the wewterh and shady s cV of the JUJk<\ The first race was between etiogle- m>ll whenies, and everybody knew that the sinewy .arm* of JothuaWaid, '.he chauip'on sculler of America, would win birh the fi«t prize of $50. The other sculls,1-fhid" the Oecar Teed, entered, were the Naiad, rowed byW.C.BaconofNew-Haven; theFriendship, bj Thomas Doyle of Boston; and tbe Unknown, in place of the Artless, by Leonard' Kinsley of, Charles- town* The distance w a s t w o miles.The^Naiad was distanced, and the time of the other boats Was as follows: 0«Cttr;Teed.....l5:i7j1yxiendj.hip....l5:38iUnkne5n 16:03There was little enthusiasm, as the result was a fore* gone conclusion. The second priae was $20.v;:flecks; how they were thoroughly inspected in every Kegattas of 1860.part.' And this rigid inspection, exercised •toward the The Judges of the second day. were T. W. Higgiri-new Brown boat, presently resulted in the discovery son, Gr. YY. Bentley, and V. B. Kice of Worcester;The house wag merized schoolmasters. Relief cariie after tea (memo- vard Freshmen arid the Glyuna of the Yale Freshmen, densely packed; people were present from all the rable, as well as all'the.Regatta meale, for the success- both lanstreaks. The Thetis is quite new, 40 feet long, neighboring towns, and many were obliged to goeon to say that there they be not sitting still, like Mes-The. first race was between the Thetis of the Har-A CONCERT. rence, J. C. Warren, W. Greenough, H. S. Dunn.When Hartford would lodge an appreciation of her- Uniform, white shirts and orange colored handker- Smith presided.i n g t o n Hunt." ' ;. .-The following extracts are from a speech delivered her weight 180 pounds. The Brown, of which so in the House of Representatives of the United States,economy of weight. ,Brown drew inside, and Harvard outside. Thenot agitators; they have not sought and do not seek to interfere with Slavery in the States. Neither is this with them a question oi power. Their opposition is founded on a sentiment which you may consider erroneous, .which you may deride if you pleaso;people were greatly excited at the start, and, as thasplendid crews gave way with, monstrous stroke, but nevertheless a sentiment, strong, deep> and unchangeable—m www.fultonhistory.com• 