 NEW YORK HERALD.ttonary A1ms of ihe Black Bepnhliekms The approaching election ia Connecticut inone of the most important State elections thatWecon-«^»J^r..LT^? {" "*kteveakoftheaakaaa Mr. AacOLABros (den.) ntipoatwl the reenmmnt*i -*"--j l H I lflOBDOI mtos ANDBENNETT,CharterThe MajorIty ef the Comanlttae. v TbemotioB tobill went to the Mr Mruxa/•ll»"«u»ereOBBMBBBSIMtk)BOOOLDB»CI-8 MtJwIC Boisaa •» THAn.—Duns's LABB. to. 785 Broadway.—FustCsiox.self-government in its highest form, are not ex- who was making a fortune in men's hats, must class? Why did they not report the Senate bill in the referred. The bill of John H. Tobitt, for printing preciseform that it passed that body tor the House? Sim- the minutes and documents of the Board for the empt from the fanatical rage of imposing their needs go into the millinery and haberdashery ply because in this, as In all other matters, there is aJ J H J — " "THU BVEllLilO.sults with it, and what are these results T Theaed for the day. Governor Bissell, of Dlinolj.a prominent politician of that State, and a gallantthe world.What is this issue that carries such vast re-few York, Tneeday,March 90, I860. MATTH FOE SUEOPE,deredtobepaid. and unwillingcommunities. ought to be up to everyvariety of Wallstreet Mr.Miller,of Buffalo,and Mr. Austin Myers bom pro- for Gwin aad Latham, indicating, without a oneht, that mised to go for the bill and report It favorably. They the Latham inUueaoe will secure the California itiihaailsn In the Board of Aldermen last evening, Mr, This is the issue proclaimed and urged by snuff, have tumbled into similar ditches. The were sent for by Weed, aad afterwards stated to Alder- to the Charleston Convention, the Latham detegatos from San Franckoo are to favor of sending Austin E. «•>«** to Charleston. He a a son of Hon, Wm Smith, ef Vurtak. aad Is favorable to Darnel a Dickinson, ef Mew Yora, terTheiaeilsfor California and other porta of the Pacific will okas at half past tea o'clock this morning.was laid on the table. This affords flat friends of cheap ferriage one more chance, though it muit beconfesseditisaveryslimone. TheCanalAp- propriation bffl was made the special order for Wednesday next %IEWSrBOMTHEWill CAPIfAL cans;ha U P,,^e.U^ b•.T!LSrd^r £??*** cat, to bh eaa.moneyed interestsare opposedtoitgratulate the Union* Ferry Company in their TBM Amendment to tin New York City MO.this case ten jurors were empsnnelled last week,wAULACE* THEATRE, Brondway.-RoBASCB or A Pooa and the matter was adjourned till yesterday, when in the symptoms of its invasion of the commer-portit. The line thai had been erased was again inserted,sees steaks M IM>M- r**te*A*u so so to pro* las that par- •halt aw riiT_ ^ ^ * • purpose of adaaanko aeeaessTHEATM, m BOW SB V THEA TBB.Coajsait ~—Y AJRITExJudge Dean opened the case to the jury, andthe great Southern marts.It is the issue of theMr. Downing's failure. For many years heLA0BAthat the trouble was-B^AOWAY BOCTJOIB, «MT a t Feoa tease MAB- IS TA TWO TO QBA**mfc.lavas ArAATBBBT.BAurmra AMBRIOAN •pavmi. i -AllTHAJOURBMIS«0«ttOUft.A0.-TMBATTOEAL OOKCBBf SALOON. D.Of AAt the meeting of the Board of Supervisors yes- States of this Union, carrying with it the anni- much more real and enduring than many amendment referred to the CommHtee of the Whole.terday, a resolution was adopted directing the pre- Next came the Brooklyn ferry question. The majority hilation of one-half of our national or* of the literary, political or professional reputa- of the committee made a lengthy report, signed by Mr,paration of plana and specifications for a new ganlzation, of more than one-half of tions of the day. Downing was the best known Milter of Buffalo, Austin Myers of Syracuse, and Mr..-Love'sHEW8 Fill TK H€|p|e# Arrivaloftiw-tfter- insert in the tax levy the sum of $150,000 for erect- of the civilized world, of the immense ngcourtroomsforthecountycourts.TheMayormarketwhichthatportionoftheUnionpro- is of opinion that, as a new City Hall ia about to be vides for the products of Northern industry, of erected at an expense of several millions of dol- our commercial relations between North andas to take to the Eastern district ferries, and as no person had proven that the ferries of the Eastern district could be run for one cent, they, Ok committee, hare decidedBaited, ship Panther, for Callao; bark Carrie, Lakes, and brig Ida for Japan, making six vessels that hare teftMia-courts is unnecessary. The Mayor also vetoed the They, however, admitted that the Fulton ferries could be Old World, and, over and above all, demon- tempted into some of those speculations which runforone cent, but Inasmuch as they, the committee,resolution allotting a small room in the Hall ef Re- strating the failure of free institutions, in the the Wail street sharpers are continually fixing had amended the bill so, as to Include theof Japanese goodsAbout eleven thousandtetterswere despatched by to*6verlaad;route yesterday.R. E. Brewster, a merchant of San Francisco, whs has Just returned from the Washoe mines k Carson Valley, brinp specimens of surer ore which assay over Saints per ma.The democratic primary elections have been heU ta seventeen counties. The delegates to the State CoaveaNEW YORK HERALD, TTJBSPAY, MARCH 20, I860 The Battle in Cemmoctiewt—Tk«Hevntm- slightestchancewithonr legislators,if powerfulGeorge Wood, Esq., a veteran member of the has ever been held, for it is the preliminary ever, the expenditure of one year's profits in Against the Cheap Fesilss Hi •e*a Upon ska Qweetion—Wonaen'abar of this city, died at his residence on Sunday. skirmish to a battle which must soon rage His deeease was announced, with appropriate re- throughout the length and breadth of this marks, in the various court* yesterday, and as a Union, on the greatest issue of the age and of mark of respect to his memory the courts adjourn-the lobby, when the gains of their ten years' further tenure of the ferries will amount to more than a million? ,DOWNINGSHELLEDOUTALTOGETHER,—We re- gret to learn that our old friend, and some time correspondent. George Downing, colored- oysters in every style—has met with some severe pecuniary disaster, which will prevent him from shelling out to his numerous creditorsn . a n g e i a the Central«WC«t«toaOOB SPECIAL ALBANY DESPATCH. AIBAHT, March 19,18SS,TheamendmenttotheCttyCharterwasreportedby the committee this morning, in the form menuoaed ay «y communication oa Saturday.Mr.A.Smithmovedtorecommitittotheas he understood there bad beea some change in it acted upon by the committee.Mr. j a m s (rep.) presented a mkortty report reran, bletothebill. *^"" **•*W l £ . U £ I 2 ? r t * ? • •»*»r*r Carried. M to w?**TM «r Fawns moved to reoeamder the vote aad ter that ssouoa on tbe table. Carried * * " "sve on the bill to ahAseh AADSSW nmuim^i w^ .. M 2J» sopportad at teagta by shears. Crocker frnrZT •^BO.VanHorn,andopposed byMr.WS^wban . T ^ g g p * . •»* «•• * * node •MaansaeaVS£*??J$ZS£Stt.—ALLHinawEvs-Ccs soldierinthewarwithMexico,isdead. Underthe preliminaries ofits adventmaybeseenscat- obituary head,in another column, maybe foundIT TUBA tASCS TjntoSOX—.w a n t OABJHM,• w w r . - C t i u n - A s AoajBAur-sketches of the career of the deceased.In the Supreme Court yesterday, before Judge James,thecaseoftheoldpolicewasresumed. Intered over the past, in the divided churches of the land, the broken and disorganized political parties, the increasing fanaticism of their preachers and leaders, aad now in Connecticutthe other two were sworn without much difficulty. cial relations of manufacturing industry withaad It now stood k Ok precise form that It was agreed A. Smith, Cooper and Tucker, in which we had a chargesome testimony was taken. bly last a week.The trial will proba-invasion and abolition of the labor system ofhas transacted a safe, steady business, and hasCourtHouse. TheMayorsentinacommunicationvetoing a resolution requesting the Legislature to our contributions to the material wantsCooper of New York, against the cheap ferriage. The man in his trade, and was looked upon as a whole argument was a rlratay aShrr, unworthy of a legis- kind of Croesus in high darkey circles. It is lature. In fact, the whole point of it centres in the factverylikelythatDowning,likeDelmonice, thatthey,thecommittee,badamendedtheSenateMBseBarnum, Genin, and several other people whoMAtOT's8TATJOS,The overland mallto February 27, aadMth, arrived here test night SABFajorcnoo,Feb.Arrived to day, ship Wild ,W.P.M.have made comfortable fortunes in a businesslars, anew building for the accommodation of the South, America and Europe, the New and the with which they were acquainted, has been against their sympathies to report the MU adversely. San Franckoo wtthin a few weeks tocords to the nee of the Register, as said room hasEastern district, which could not pay, they had decided fact that a rich, active, thriving and happy up for men of means. Thus Barnum was thrown to report against the bill. Was there ever such specialalready been appropriated by the Comptroller for„,—HATH Mrs- a bureau of his department Both documents were people, possessing and inculcating the right of by clocks; Delmonico by Kerosene oil; Genin, pleading before to get over Use demands of the kborlnglowers mourn together over the fate of thehorse thief and fanatic, John Brown. Little bycoatakiag the West intelligence from all parkof too that the stand of colors presented to the late little the corners of the veil that hides their because he attends to his business and keeps terested could be present. If the vote was going to beTwelfth regiment be returned to the Common matter, will bo publkhed si half past alao o'clock to the Council. A resolution was offered, proposing tomorning. lay out Tompkins Square as a parade ground for Stogie copies, k wrappers, ready for mailing, six eeak. the city military companies, which was referred toulterior designs are being lifted, and in due time taken now be wanted tin reports of the committees read, out of everything else. Depend upon it that so that he could tell what they were. He moved that theworld, wsth a large quantity of local aad mJscellaaeoaaAgents will please send in their orders as early as pos- kbk.The Wows.Highly important news from Mexico and thethe Committee on Lands and Places. The Boardconcurred with the Aldermen in favor of pavingCanal street from Centre to West streets with the South, and for the annihilation of thedered, and the vote taken upon the motion to ky it upon the table, which was lostMr. Fisher then asked if the previous question applied to the motion or Mr. Miller.The Speaker decided that it did.The yeas and nays were then called, and resulted in agreeing to the majority report of the committee—yeas 45, nays 82.Beiore the vote was announced, Mr. Fisher, of Brook- lyn, asked to change his vote to the affirmative, for theby tunnels and shafts, bet months must elapse before anything josiUve as to their richness can be known.TOE LATEST KEWS.SAB FBASCSKJO, Feb. SB—6 P. M.Arrived since yesterday's mall departed,ships Jeaa Bapttete, Bordeaux; Europa, New York; bark SL Jeaa, Bordeaux.All the business doing is of a specuktlve character, the country demand is unaccountably backward, aad the re-doll, the orders from the country being unaccount- and inferior qualities. While prime muling lots were ably slow in coming in. Among the arrivals were held above the views of buyers. Corn was in fair de. the ships Helen Brigham and Europa, from New mend, and prime qualities were firmer, white commonwas easier. Sales were fair. Pork was heavy, and prions hot rid murders perpetrated by white men in the favored purchasers for new mess, which sold at $17 87 >;City Intelligence.York. Accounts from Oregon mention a aeries of neighborhood of Humboldt Bay upon InoffensiveBy way of New Orleans we have Havana dates to the 16th inst, but they contain no news of im- portance. The sugar market was dull.a$18; newprimewasratherfirmer,withantesat$1460 a $14 76. Sugars were inactive, white holders were firm. The sales embraced only about 200 a 800 hade., at rates given In another place. Coffee was held with firmness, while sales were quite limited and prices unchanged. Freight engagements were fair? at foil rates.bear the the fray.heat, thesweat, andthe burthen ofevening at the new State Arsenal, in Seventh avenue.This being the first public drill of the regiment this sea-son, a large concourse of our citizens ani oitlsenesses willbe attracted to the Arsenal. Col. Vosbargh has con-cluded not to issue admission tickets, bnt to throw thegress only was reported.The Senate ordered to a third reading the bill in regardto planting oysters In the waters belonging to the State. The friends of the Senate Toll bill seem to be making considerable headw y in the House under the plea that they will have to take that or none. There will be a re-Belgian pavement; also to pave Bleecker street, from Broadway to the Eighth avenue, with the same pavement A report of the Committee on Btreets, in favor of paving West street from Bat- tery place to King street with Belgian pavement waa adopted; also to pave Amity street fromSouth.Seward and his co-operatorsdesigns have any similarity to those of John Brown, and assert that they merely wish to obtain their ends through constitutionalUnited Stateo squadron in the Golf is published into-day's paper. Mlramon's troops, stated to num-ber between Ave and eight thousand men, well sup-plied with artillery and military atone, were within Broadway to Sixth avenue. The report of the means. No. John Brown was merelyand they can therefore afford to apply purpose of movins a reconsideration. His vote was so gular trade have not tbe means, if they have the desire effour miles of Vera Cms on the 39th oil, and Mira- Street Committee of the Aldermen in favor ofmon himself had several timea reoonnoitered the paving Third avenue from the Bowery to Forty- ing his ends in an open and manifest city from the sandhills. His principal officers were fourth street with Belgian pavement was concur- way. in which he not only risked his neck andvessels recently left Havana for Mexico to aid the stomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 38 the cause of the church party, and it was of general fevers, 2 unknown, and 19 from violentreported that they were fitted ont by Bantacauses. The nativity table gives 303 natives of thered in. The Third avenue Railroad Company are to pay a portion of the expense.lost it, but defeated his hopes by showing atonce their object William H. Seward's is a Through some mismanagement on the part ofGenerals Robles and Negrete. Nearly all the non-combatants left Vera Cms on the approach ofliiramon's army. The garrison of the city numberedbetween three and four thousand, commanded by Ninth street, on the "History of Solomon's Temple," that he aims first to obtain the party control ofGem. Iglasjas, with Ampudja as ehief of artillery. On the night of the 7th inst Miramon attacked the city in force, but was soon repulsed by the liberals. The dates from Vera Cruz are to the 13th, but our despatches contain no farther men- tion of the battle.The most important uews, however, is the ar- rival yesterday below New Orleans of the Mexican war steamers Miramon and Marques, as prizes of the Gulf Squadron. It will be recollected that theseto a very crowded and intelligent audience. Our report is crowded outAccording to the City Inspector's report, there were 426 deaths in the city during the past week, a decrease of 83 as compared with the mortality of the week previous, and 17 more than occurred during the corresponding week last year. The recapitu- lation table gives 2 deaths of diseases of the bones, joints, Ac, 85 of the brain and nerves, 5 of the generative organs, 18 of the heart and blood ves- sels,145ofthe lungs,throat,Ac,2ofoldage,62 of diseases of the skin and eruptive fevers, 4 still- born and premature births, 63 of diseases ofCongress, and the possession of the executive power of the government; then he aims to re- organize the federal courts with the powers of the habeas corpus; then he will appoint to these courts officers and judges of his peculiar way of thinking; and the a he will evoke the whole force of the army and navy of the fede- ral government, and the militia of the States, to defend the issue of writs to bring into court and liberate every slave.These are the constitutional aims of Seward and his black republican and abolition co- workers. Already the doctrine is proclaimed that the constitution is an anti-slavery instru-Rev. Dr. Raphall, the Jewish Rabbi, delivered an interesting lecture last evening at Temple Hall, inmore subtle scheme, and safer to its operator. We have it under his own hand and signaturethe lobby jobbers, we presume, whether in- duced by a spirit of parsimony or not we cannot say, George Law's Gridiron bill was defeated, but there are five other railroad bills still to be disposed of, quite as bad in their in- ception and intent as the Gridiron bill. As measures of corruption, these bills are but the Gridiron bill five times multiplied, because separate interests are involved in each, and every interest must use its own infamous mode of procuring their adoption—namely, by cor- rupting the Legislature.There is but one way of arresting this reek- ing tide of corruption, and that is by authoriz- ing the Mayor and Corporation to repave all the streets with Belgian pavement, aad lay down rails all through the city, Broadway and all, at their own expense; and wherever and whenever it becomes necessary to run a rail- road in any direction, let them grant a license to some company, compelling them at the same time to run such number of cars, and under such regulations, as may be deemed ade- quate to the wants and convenience of the public, limiting the fare to two or three cents, according to the distance. This may be done, not as a means of revenue, but as a matter of public accommodation; and should a revenue accrue, let it go into the treasury to pay off the city debt and lighten the burden of taxation. By adopting some such plan as this we would have all the railroads we require, and this fer- tile source of legislative corruption would be cut off at oace^United States, 75 of Ireland, 2*Vof Germany, 6 of ment, and abundant for all these purposes; and Ansa for that purpose. Certain it is, however, that Scotland, 5 of England, and the'balance of various no man can close his eyes to the great these Teasels and the American Gulf Squadron foreign countries. truth that its installation would be the openinghad a battle off Anton Lizardo, and that the Mira- In the case of the Norwalk Bank, the prosecu- of a civil war that would deluge this Union inmon and Marques were captured and sent to NewOrleans as prizes. Great excitement existed atVera Cruz in consequence of the conduct of theAmerican Commodore in this affair, and the Frenchand Spanish residents were particularly indignant.The exequator of the American ConsuFat VeraCrua had been revoked, but no reason is assigned column. Flour was dull and heavy, while the sales of allfraternal blood. The coming election in Con-necticut is the preliminary skirmish of thegreat fight involving this momentous issue.Every mans interest, and the welfare of hisfamily, and the future of bis children, are allinvolved, and every mam should bear his handin it To day the contest is on the rupture ofthe commercial relations, the last material linkof brotherhood between the North and South,and to the preservation ef these the fight should tbe directed. Let the orators of Connecticut bring the Bubject practically home to every man's workshop, to every man's trade, and to every man's profit and loss. These are the interests that move alike men, communities and States. And let the merchants of New York see that theseorators havenottobear,withtheirown purses, the expenses, as they will have toby our despatches.By the overland mad we have advices from SanFrancisco to the 28th ult, but the news is of com-paratively little general interest. Business waskinds were moderate. Common grades were easier to purchase, at Saturday's rates, white the higher and extra clasi of brands were unchanged and sales light Wheat was quiet, and quotations, in the absence of sates of mo- ment, were more orteasnominal, especially for the lowertion closed yesterday, and Mr. James Ridgway opened for the defence; but on motion of Mr. Hunt, the Court then adjourned, out of respect to the memory of Mr. George Wood, an eminent member of the bar.The sales of cotton yesterday were light, and the mar. ket heavy. The transactions were confined to some 600 bates, closing on the basis of quotations given in aao&erIn Congress yesterday the Senate passed the billfixing the postage on drop letters at one cent in- AJ.DBRMANIC Vntrcn ILLCSTRATED.—One of CENT FERRIAGE BILL.—It will be seen bystead of two, aad authorizing publishers to print on our city cotemporaries relates an incident said the report of yesterday's proceedings indoors wide open to all who may desire to witness the publican caucus hi the Assembly chamber to morrowdiscipline of the efficient soldiers under his command. evening, when there will be aa attempt to harmonise theMcmcrrAi MATRBS.—Byorder of the Croton Aqueduct party on this important question of tolling railroads. Board, work will be returned next Wednesday oa thetheir papers the data when subscriptions expire.to have occurred in the Park a few moments the Assembly that One Cent Ferriage billstreetsandsewers,bywhichmeans severalhundredun- employed laborers will be afforded an opportunity of earn- ing sufficient for their dally maintenance. On last Satur- day Mr. 8. C. Walker was awarded the contract for grad- ing and paving Fourth avenue, having bid $13,710, exactly 76 cents test than the next lowest bidder. The MayorsignedMr.Smith'sbiUforstreetcleaning, andthe Comptroller paid the amount in full on Saturday, not-NEW YORK LEGISLATLRE.•estate.ALSAST, March IS, I860.The bills to make foreign insurance companies doing businessk thisStatesubjecttoall Statelaws,and incor- porating the gymnasiumof Ute Brooklyn Young Men's Christian Association, were reported favorably.The Buffalo Breakwater bill was moved forward to be reported complete.ihly.AIBANT, March 19, I860.The use of the Chamber was granted to the pupils of the Deaf and Dumb Institute for an exhibition oa Tuesday ef next week.Mr. SBABLBS (rep.) introduced a bill to facilitate the re- organization of the Sacketts Harbor and KUlsburg Rail- road Company.Bills were passed to amend the act in rekttoa to the tale ef bottles used for mineral waters; to rekuoa to the collection aad«payment of sasossments far etesteg theA resolution calling for information relative to the previous to the meeting of the Board of Alder- has been strangled in its passage through J**** maasacre at Mountain Meadow in Utah, aad**>**» Ptaaant condition of the •BrriTors, was men at which ex-Sheriff Willet's name was re- the House. The conclusion was evidentlythe a f ^ M carrying Into effect Willet in the Park, and the following conversa- was adverse to It, it was lost by 45 to 28. It debataT TiifZ^^JEL?" tion is alleged to have taken place:— has been known for more than a week backIM> •# aeaaaaa^Tlz'T.'*Ml1•nthe.riaing aofAIOBBKAB—WeJu.Sheriff, dovonwteh tobeconfirmed* that the committee report would be unfa-Council.Scions or A Doiramc—Catharine MoGuire, a domestic in the employment of Edward A. Smith, of Fifty-eighth street, near Second avenue,committed suicide on Sunday, by takinc a dose of Uudanara. Deceased, it appears, was in ill health, Buffering from a pain ia the chest, and becoming quite dtsponde&t, determined to commit self- destruction. No cause save that of tUhealth eoull be assigned for the commission of the rash act Coroner Gamble held an inquest upon the body of deceased yes- terday, when the jury rendered a verdict ia accordance with the above facts. Deceased was thirty five years of age, and was a native ef Ireland.FOI-ND DROWSED —The body of an unknown man wasjected asPresidentof the CrotonBoard,the a foregone one, for, on the vote taken on• J j J * • * "notation having reference to the re"r y ^ . ^ t B i Esabasaywas adopted. The other evening. One of the Aldermen met Mr- the majority report of the committee, which withstanding the adverse resolution of the CommonWmar—I ass not very anxious. to me in the Board?Is there any objectionvorable, from indications that showed the ex- ercise of an influence the character of which was unmistakable. The fete of the bill must also have been predetermined in the House; other- wise It would be difficult to account for theAuawMiw mi, yeaWaun^-What are the objections*ALDSBBAJ*—Why, they say yon are rich. Is that theworthwa few thousands, but rest as- shall ever get a dollar of it.a fanatic madman, and went about obtain-liberal sums to the purchase of votes—in some cases amounting to $25,000 a vote—thus offering irresistible temptation to a not very scrupulous legislative body to vote away rights and privileges, which belong to the community of this city, to a few rapacious individuals.ALBANYLEGISLATION—DEATHOF THEONEis probably quite true, and it contempt that It has manifested for public•nows bow barefaced it the oorrup* opinion, which had been unanimously mani- round drowned, at the foot of Warren street, yeaterday afteraooB. The Coroner was aottfled to hsld an inquest.when one of them could whereby thefested in favor of the measure.Two facte are established by the defeat ofBrooklyn City News.TJHBBOWB MAS FotiBB DBOWMED.—The body of aa un- tunnel k Atlantic street, Brooklyn, and regrading thatbo confirmed. The this bill. The first la that the interests of no Brady (at least un- other city, bat particularly those of New York,have the slightest chance of attention ia Al-bany. Here is a measure, in which republicans 10 be obtained; as well as democrats felt strongly Interested.known man, or mediurn height and stout, was picked up fistInthewateratthefootofConoverstreetyesterdaymora- •Mr. FOND(rep) presentedamajorityreportinfavor ofkg. He bad on a black overcoat, dark paateteoas aad 89 passage of toe bill to amend the charter of the city or Nsw York at |«f. ^ ^ ^ ^ „ %m) has not votes of thecoarse boots. The hair on his head had been worn oft The aide whtekers, which still remained, were gray. A verdict of " Found drowned was rendered by the Coro- ner's jury.FcvsaAx or TBB Laws Pa. Rotn —The funeral of the late Health officer. Dr. Samuel Boyd, took place menhte i4e midecce in UaJoa street yesterday afternoon, and y « r m a k a w w WlawM to tbelr tae! resting place in the €*ms»er*«f thefcvergreeeaby a large coocuurse Of citiKiasa County Medteal Society,New York.Mr. A. Sarra moved to reoomntt iheM^denottncuigltas a party measure, not demanded by tbe taxpayers, or for the interest or the ctty, bat induced by poutwai conai derations aloneMessrs. tsoKBB (rep ) and Coorm (rep ) opposed the motion, tbe latter aWetawaa; that the oupoiaMaa ociy c fromlammaay Memuste, whoSidnet desire toat the republicans should increase the sewers oi th. presentMr*A «rmr»(demj'repudiatel any poatlaa! *m*ofand which was petitioned for by vast numbersof thecitizensofBrooklyn,killed off without the slightest hesitation or scruple. The secondThe Uaitod iSaks asail stoms»**M. s t a a e - w s . ' * ^ York,wasastotsedbyaawtheests*>r.B*tf^- *•**. - , J. . » „Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New YorkUntitled Document•Vvictory; it hag been spiritedly fought, thoughit has cost them dearly. What matters, how-Mr. Pond stated that there hadjustatpresent In point offact,theveteran inmecharter,andassoonashefounditontrefusedtore- reading bavta*IM* * •• *HeraereatoamarcoystennanisabankruptWe are quite in the dark as to the cause of open by the committee, After further sharp talk between•n^nusaeaasTssa^a^* - *-^^^^^^y^*w>*w,aad Moxart, the the South, the destruction of one-half of the reaped a great deal of national oyster fame, notion to recommit the bill was lost, and the chartermonth of February, amounting to $308, was or- social theories and political forms upon ether line, and so on. Some of the city editors, who power behind the throne greater than the throne itself. tion, as rar as heard from, atsnd 146 for Latham, aad 44Beagrist moved that the Special Committee havingthe black republican party of the present day. Chevalier Webb might have been a very rich man Dayton, or Brooklyn, as he has informed me, that atin charge the nomination of Dr. Bradford to theY o r k H e r a l d — E d i t i o n far office of Health Commissioner, be discharged from It is veiled and disguised for a while, becausethe request of Thur low Weed they bad agreed to report against tbe bill. Thus you will Bee that jt is the dictator Thurlow that is grinding the people and forcing the hard earnings from their pockets into that of a rich corporaTh« •<•aisas.•fte Ousxd null steeinahlp Amerkn, Cnpt. Millar, willfurther consideration of the subject Mr. Tuomey the people must be led step by step to the ad* moved to lay the motion on the table, and it was vocacy of such ultra fanaticism, and the assur-agreed to. Subsequently Mr. Seagrist renewed his ance is given that the party only aims to secureman to day if he had let stocks alone; McElrathwas doing well with the Tribune when he gotlyn bear this in mind.having neglected his business to run about the Mr. Briggs, also a member of that committee, in connec- country, mixing himself up with miserable tion with Mr. MastersTM, of New York, drew up a minoritypoliticians; and the quadrilateral fellows are report, but as Mr. Briggs was sick and unable to be present, Mr. Oallicott read the report on behalf ot the mi-the Presidency.SABraABonoo,Feb. 27—15ML' Arrived 26th, ship Henry Brigham, New York: Otdea-burg bark Jahters, Glasgow; 28th. Danish ship Hindoos tan, Hamburg; 27th, brig M. Garibaldi, Rio Janeiro; brig Catharine, Liverpool; schooner Metis, from Newport,Thetotalcontributions to California for the rehsf ef tbs Jews at Gibraltar amounted to $4,600.The French republicans on the night of tbe 24th eels orated the rwelfth anniversary of the overthrow ef taekava Boston oa Wednesday (or Liverpool.Th* European m a n win clone to. this city tbs ef- motion, but unsuccesa ully. A report reversing the the unoccupied territory of the Union from theinto railroad speculations, and was floored;Greeley has not much to show for all his labor, Hon. Let the laboring classes or New York and Brook-ternoon, si ball past one o'clock, to go by railroad, and at decision of the Fire Commissioners, expelling John extension of slavery. But it is truthfully set tour o'clock, to go by steamboat. Kerrigan, of Hose Company No. 15, from theDM EoaarsAB Kntrxoa or THX HEBALD wffl bo published department, on a charge of assault in the public forth in the brutal and bloody speech ofalways gambling in Wall street, and losing or nority, lb* report denies that it waa proven In the com- Bourbon dynasty.at stevea o'clock la the morning. Single copies, la wrap-Subesriptton* sad advertisements for say edition of the Mvw YOBK HBBALD will be receiTSd at too following plaosa In Europe —Losoos ... .Sampson low, Soak 0a.147 Ladgate mu.William H. Seward at Rochester, and the resolution was presented requesting the Hon. same sentiments that are inculcated theremittee that the bill that had passed the Senate was aa un- A gentlemen, well known In San Francisco, bought en just one. Tbe report was well written, and presented tbe ttie 25th sixty feet in one of the Washoe silver mlaes at matter in a far more able light than the majority. $36,SO0.p l U Lansing, Baldwin 4 Co. ,8 place de la Bourse. Ufwroou. lanstog, Starr k Co., No. 9 Chapel street.R. Smart. ID Kxchaaje street, Bast H4T« leasing, Baldwin * Co., 21 rue Coruetlle. lUaBtito... De Cbapeauronge k Co.sum of $2,000 be appropriated to pay him for thesame. Referred to the Law Department A resolu- Beginning at first cautiously, and denying any himself to real estate; Commodore Y anderbilt Mr. Miller hoped not Tbe affairs of the city of NewBtreets, was adopted by a rote offifteento one. Awinning with the turn of the marketThese people all ignore the fact that the onlytion was adopted that a committee be appointed to confer with ex-Col. S. Cocks, late commandant of the Twelth regiment, in reference to having the colors of the regiment, which had been pre-coalition with the fanatical abolitionists, the leaders have advanced step by step, till now Seward, Wendell Phillips, Chase, Garrison,the same by adhering to steamboats, and George Law by contracts and buying and selling Con- gressmen, Aldermen and members of State Le-York bad absorbed time enough of this Legislature. He wanted a veto to be taken upon it at once, aad have it done withare found in one form or another run-Mr. Miller, of the committee, then wanted the report of A railroad route is under survey from Folaom to Pk- road to wealth is a narrow one, and that per- tbe majority of the committee agreed to, and thus end cervllto. The people of Nevada have petMosel the Legk-Judge Davies to prepare, as soon as practicable, anew and revised compilation of the laws relating ning through all the utterances of theto the city of New York which were destroyed by leaders, spokesmen and affiliated orators and manent success is only attained by sticking to the repot t of the committee would defeat uie cheap for-tbe question and have it out of the way. [Agreeing with Lansing, Starr * Co., 74 King WlBlam street. fire at the burning of the City Hall, and that the preachers of the party, through all its litera- one's own business. There was Stephen Whit- . Oallicott moved that both of the reports be kid onteture for permission to loan tbe credit of tint county k aid in constructing a railroad to Fokom.or to the nearest connection with the Sacramento Valley Railroad.The republics*s fired salutes ia the different townsof the State on receiving news of the election of speaker st tbe House of Repreaentatlves at Washington.A bill has been Introduced in the Legislature which pro- poses, for the sum of $50,000 per annum, far ton yean, to have the State take charge of the Iadiaas aad reserva- tions of California, without any farther expense to the general government The bill also provides an apprentice sys em for the Indians, with a view of compelling them toacquireindustrioushabitsandlaborfortheirownsup- port on the reservations now established, the total amount of Indians In the State is estimated st 60,000.AdiagramoftheoriginalOwnstocksilvermine,toCar- aon valley, has been brought to Baa Francisco. It shews Ute lead to be two and a half mites long, running north and south, all of which is resisted by thirty compa- nies, who are digging shafts or tennek to twen- ty four places into the hills where tbe teed si supposed to pass. A few months will suffice to establish tin extent of this mine, which as yetthe table, and the bill made the special order for Friday ture and logic, for a number of years back. ney, who made a great fortune by confining next.SAILS FOR THE PACIFIC,Hew York Herald—Califormla Edition. sentedthembytheCommonCouncil,returnedto Wilson,Parker,andalltheotherblackrepub- gislatures. That'sasafebusiness,becausethe thequestion.The mall steamship North Star, Captain Joaes, win leavethisportts-day,atnoon,forAsptnwalLthe city.lican and abolition leaders, are in full com- Mr. Cooper also wanted the vote taken at once. articles are always in the market and offer the Mr. C. Keleey said be hoped that Ute members of thismunionwitheachother,andmanyoftheirfol-widestfieldforspeculation.Amongtheedi-Housewouldshowsomemagnanimityandallowthema chance to discuss tbe question. He had only this momentThere was very little business transacted by the Board of Councilmen last evening. A resolution, The Niw Yoac WBBBXT HnvAio-Califoraia edition— presented by Mr. Pinckney, was adopted, directingtors, Bennett, of the HERALD, seems to have thearrived, and he saw that but few of the Brooklyn mem-bers were present, and be thought it nothing more than best chance of becoming rich one of these days, (air that they should postpone it until all the members in-the whole nefarious and revolutionary plot is the only safe rule. Let the shoemaker stick subject be laid on the table for the present. There seem- a only proved to be rich k one section, although Jevi-will be exhibited, in an open attempt to destroy the constitution, and to involve the whole power of the federal government in a war withto his lastCrrr RAILROAD JOBS AND LEGISLATIVE COR- RUPTION.—The c o r r u p t i o n t o w h i c h t h e p r e - sent system of legislation for city railroads leads is an infamy and a disgrace to the country. The franchises of these railroads are immensely valuable to the grantees,ed to be a prevailing feeling amongst the rural members dencrs of silver have beta found through the eatireto have the vote token at once and the subject kilted. claim. Hundreds of other claims for mines around k the Mr. Butler moved the previous questisn, which was or- same region have bean taken op, and are being •peaeddeny that theirchanged, and as soon as the rote was announced he moved for a reconsideration, aad moved that the report be kid on the table.This motion was carried by a close vote. This will give the people one more chance to move to the matter, but they will have to more at once.IthisaidthatSenatorBpinokhasbeenactivelyatwork to ttie House against the biU. Whether this is part of the private arrangement with Law I am unable to say. One thing is certain, that it seems to be the prevailing opinion that be wanted it killed in the House.It seems strange that to everything that comes before the Legislature la which the kborlng classes are directly interested an attempt Is immediately made to smother tt When tbe question relates to city railroads, or any- thing which ia to vote a large sum into the hands of a band of speculators, there is no cry of want of time, but the laboring ckss have to be rebuked by these hypo- critical legislators when they ask anything from their hands. Such a the course of this legislative humbug.But little was done this morning in the Senate; they were engaged mostly on local bills.The rush of crinoline Into the House at this 3 P. M., re- minds me that there is to be a speech before the Judiciary Committee on women's rights by Mia Elisabeth Cady Stanton.There is a very pretty quarrel now breeding in the Board of Central Park Commissioners, the particulars of which will be found as follows:—Messrs. Green, Gray, Butterworth, Strong and Company, to order to Infuse a little new life into their Board, concocted a bill to create a " New Board of Commissioners," which measure they en- trusted to Mr. Pond, Chairman of the Committee on Cities and Villages in our State Legislature. This bill was to place Luther Bradlsh at the bead ot a new commission of five, instead of the present commission of eleven, Messrs. Green, Gray, Butterworth and Strong stipulating that they should be retained as the other four. This nice littlearrangementforthrowingoverMessrs.Fields,Elliott, Stoibms, Belmont, Russell, Hutchins and Biatchford, and so leaving the four "hold overs'' above named in control, came to the ears of Mr. Biatchford, who at once became indignant and set about spiingmg a countermine.Mr. Biatchford at once took counsel with the most promi- nent republicans at Albany, explaining that the four Com- missioners who proposed to have themselves retained were not the most popular men in the'commission; and very soon another bill was introduced, which will pro- bably be carried, providing for an entirely new commis- sion, to consist of the following names:—5. F. Ttemann and Ely, democrats; sad Moses H. Grinnell, George Opdykeaid R. M. Biatchford, republicans. On tbe ex plosion of this second bill, great consternation prevailed in the regular Central Park lobby employed at Albany; and Mr. Butterworth bad high words with Mr. Biatchford, accusing the latter of treachery, and a desire to sacrifice all others to himself. It Is a very pretty quarrel as It studs, and may lead to some good for the public.Mrs. Stanton's speech this evening was listened to by a densely crowded hall, a large number being femalea. Tbe main portion of her remarks were in favor of allowing bar sex the privilege of voting. She thanked the members for pasting a law allowing married women the right to control their own earnings, but thought tb*t th ^v «h mM go farther. She closed with a stron| appeal hi taTOf of the divorce law before tbe Legislature.Tbe Assembly was to Committee of the Whole this even- big oa the bill to abolish capital punishment It was fa- DRILL or TBSSSVBBTT nasi Raancan.—The Seventy-first vored at much length by Messrs. Crocker, Slingerland, regiment,lightinfantry,willgiveapublicexhibitionthis CooperandVanHorn,aadopposedby Mr. Wiley. Pro-entering the market, unless tbe country trade shaQ revtvs soon. A reaction wiU probably ensue. money W getting more stringent for speculative wants. Caadles are very dull at 10c Prniadmn Elite clear pork k barren, tales at $21; la half barrels $tl SS; mesa pork k barren $18; bacon, good fair, 15c.: auction sates of 450 bbte AmosBtlhagt'hamsat18c;lardquiet,heldtofirsthands for higher rates; butter heavy aad drooping—via thestbmus 80c; cheese 16c a 16c Sugar—500 bbta. Balti- more crushed, by the H. Brigham, 12c; Si bbta. New York 13xc, all oa speculation; New Orleans firm at Its.A large number of prominent citizens of San Praaenm departed yesterday for the Washoe silver minesThree hundred ironflaskswere sent from San Francis- co to Napa to day, where it is stated there a more teas enough quicksilver to fill them already produced from the new mines.The bill for the protection of California broad emi- grants from bogus ticket swindlers in New York, by ap pointing aa agent to reside there permanently, has named tbe Assembly. ' ^ ^Telegraphic despatches from tbe south part ef Oregon, dated the 26th, represent intense excitement as exatiag in the vicinity of Jacksonville on account of rich quarts discoveries. One company had taken out one hundred and twenty five thousand dollars In gold. Eight hundred pounds or rock yielded sixty dollars of gold.The steamer Columbia arrived from the southern porta of Oregon today, bringing news of a horrible massacre of Indians at several villages around Humboldt Bay, by a party of forty white men. On Sunday morning at day- light, on the 26th, at Indian Island, opposite Uptown of Eureka, and. distant therefrom hut a few hundred yards, more than forty Indians were kilted, three fourths « whom were women and children. On the south entrance of Humboldt Bay forty or fifty more were mssss ored, that being every human being with s red skk at that village. It was reported sad believed at Eu-reka that a simultaneous attack was made tbe morning upon the Indian villages on Eel river. Fi what waa known, not less than 200 Indians, iand children, were killed that morning, and these deeds were perpetrated by the farmers aad graxters of Bel rrver county, who have suffered from Indian depredations during the past year. They claim that the peaceful In disss around Humbolt Bay have furnished aid aad an- munition to the hostile Indians in the mountains , and hence a war of extermination has commenced.Non-Arrival of the North Briton. POBTLABD, Beach IS—Midnight.There are as yet no signs of the steamer North Briton, now due at this port with Uverpool dates to ths 7th inst.. Wind southeast; weather cloudy.News from Havana.Nsw OatBAM, March 19, I860,Tbe steamship Habana, with Havana dates of toe 16k instant, has arrived. The news to unimportant Sugar dull at nine reals. Exchange on New York 2>, per cent premium.Free Near© BIU in Mtssonri-Death ef Governor Blsse 11, of 11Itnols.ST. Lous, Marsh 19, 116$. Governor Stewart has vetoed the Free Negro bid.Governor Btoeell, of Illinois, died yesterday aftersotn.Fatal Street Encounter at Jefferson Ctty. Sr. Lorn, March 18, lsst,A street encounter occurred yesterday afternoon at Jefferson Ctty, between James Hughes, Deputy Warden « the Penitentiary, and Mr. Doster, formerly a gua-d atks prison, resulting k the almost immediate oeato oi ban. t h e cause was an old grudge, aggravated by recent posa- cal difference. Both leave famines.L a k e E r i e N a v i g a t i o n . DCMKIBX, N. Y., March 19, ll$tNavigation is open bet *eea tan and the western »*• of Lake Erie. The New York aad Brie Railroad steaawrs Owego, from Cleveland, and New York, fron Toledo, ar- rived yesterday afternoon, vrtth cargoes of com, port:asm flour. TbesteamerOtoea teft at tbe sametimetorw- tedo.Fixe tn St. Panl, Minnesota.LA CBOSBB, WSJ , March 1$, 16**^ A fire at St Paul, Minnesota, on the 16th, d««Wj*thirty four buildings on Jackson and Robert «f*"* Lose estimated at $100,000 No further inittcutersare known. The urate supposed to have beea tbs wesa»anincendiarySouthern Ocean Steamer MeresneiSAVIBBAH, March 17. "^ The United States mall steamship Star of <**&**£ rived here at her wharf at two o'clock on Saturday a wnoon. Weather wet aad stormy. . 1 - . SAVABBAB, Ma*an, »•»Tbe serew steamship BtatsrUte, <*<**?** from New York, arrived here at four o'cteaab a r k t U . FHILADSXFBIA STOCKStocks Stoadr. Pramjlranta*s*<: **er. K;*; "•*~r7fV.tton.—Demand moitmtm saws to day tt,M0 *^«m 10}ic a lie.tormldorteg. totaaav; «t:vlr a; - c * £ •Mr. Callicott wanted a chance to have it considered be- fore tbe House, and tot them understand the merits ofItoiiroa sTT.Blo^^U K ; Penasjlvaete RaiUocd, 3&jt S«uit K l a m U s t t s V -VBBVGSBIBBBBBWSSW ~ "a * ate MVABSe.%- MW<fc 1*1 TMTL#v wm a t . *V«A n/> -ir!>!«•>13069www.fultonhistory.comriom-deft: Boward street ••J*^*?^..!*!* USf*.«Wan««. ^"^WeWV*Sunday murting.-.^ jtaua^ss. ^ ' c J L n 4 ; , f stf 