 *... :•:*I'.. Lamm—lean goto England and there savant the their, stores being only separated by a board partition. ion of Church ana 8tato, or any other British institu.bill, which pasted by yeas 13, uajs 18.The Albacy and Suiquehanna bill was recommitted,wtth instructions to strike out that portion levying ft tax for the year 1861, and making a tax for the year 1860 only; tt was immediately reported and passed, yeas 67,Banal J*shurum, New York. Recent till sevea P. M.I H oni Waaan vWwfta mvaanwatswtote very toN— m• TM '• eaaowmwe. u • urns m weaswii « • ; arcameiate action, wig noticed lag his nads with the blade of aV. taJlAta B A Mteexeeatoescall * A eatewnaa aeft/w .amaa- ja*your Sergeeat-et-Intimidate me.•VBwyjto ajaulOX. ,.... \ _ * Mr. STOOIA asked leave to present a petition of the Common Council in Brooklyn againtt the bul authoring Ira Bookman to conntoaet ft railroad to flrand-street,- objected to the receiptiof the disturbance'ttoes.J j i u n - 1 know that no one desires toH a , and II is therefore better that the i go aad speak from hit MatMr.JonOxiim, (dem) of N.T., (nmking himself heard ever the umoltj—I more that the Committee rise* ThecSwS-wru raUemea take theirseatofitom&mmm. wmmmt* wmmMmm •»••—*• e l tetag tegether, and all toresteatBg the gentleman in ihe^eatteTwkdethaMiaT spirits were thus workingMr. tAwntotonmentupoB the right of. petition. # The peHticners^repre^scputy Sergeantut Arms here approached with hieMat a disease slavery everywhere under the Stars and .lctatait. 1 •lasted ft.-We want yoato assert itMr. LOVUOY—When yon call us small farmers, andthe value of about $700, and insured for SI,000; therefore in the event of a fire he would not be exposed to much lossThe Anti rent bill then came up, and after a lengthyreaverof y«ar laws, and to fight WansIfaway. Were be (Leve-sisted at the siege of Toulon, penetrated the blockade at yoongwife was compelled toGenoa, held command in tbe camp of Bou- jotnirg house. in order to escapelogne, watched toe great leaguer ef StraLsun, Joined her husband; and a day or twoon toe part'of the Emperor, and waa actually turned heme by invitation of ner father,•.1 Sb.8SK£.Every slave has a right to run away in spitebe brought to the Hospital for Identitisation, and to have the accusation and confession read in their pretence and in toe hearing of the dying man. A scene bere took place which can mors easily be imagined than described. The two prreonees were placed by the bed of the dying n a n , the latter , with quivering lips, pointing to them as the persons to whom be owed his present position. They both oast their eyes on the floor and were silent n>NO**lu.v1, Jean Baptist In Rochelle, nowtn the New York Hot- Mai, being informed by the house surgeon. Dr. A. T.I was mistaken in my notice of the affair between Simeon Draper and Senator Mannierre in my letter of yes- terday, so far as tbe mention of Governor Morgan's name, tit wag Senator MaDntefre that referred to Gov. Morgan and not Mr. Draper. T only gave the name as (ailing from the lips of the wrong person.I see that tome of your occasional correspondents have gives a veasion of toe controversy for Superintendent of Public Instruction—or a warfare between tbs Sewardites and tbe radicals upon that question. Be has made a de- cided misstatement of the facta, and bat got Weed workDrutt Company.To lay out the elir or New York watt of 165th street. In relation to the collection of taxes on land of non-Ifttidentt.Tbe Committee of Nine reported the following bills atproper toflie reported complete:—To tmeud tbe Metropolitan Police law.To incorporate the Truiteet Parochial fund of the Proteftant Fpitoopal Church of the Diocese of New York.Tec Brooklyn East District Fire bill.To inecurtiorate tbe Tranait Life Insurance Company.To fix tbe salary of the Chief Clerk to the Surrogate'sOltiee^New York, at $2 50O Adjourned.^vived in peace aid quiet to our own days, and witnessed. features well could scarcely recognise ttajto,Wtt> the op- after aa interval of half a century, toe e^veaaemeht of per part of hia face sanstaad behead toe targe green tre t>roke out In tbe furnace room of tbe steam plan a second empire. goggles which be wore for toe purpose ef dagutotog aim-yay) a stove and were tt accessary to achieve hit free-aam, ha wonto not hesitate to fill up the chasm ami bridge toil np toe chasm and brtdta ever with toe excesses ef the state. He tared the i ef ranxious for reconciliation. Soon after be ,called her Into an op per roam of the houan.sftd delibe- rately shot ber through toe bead wtth a patot **e mur- der made a very great excitement, and Ma subeequeert trial of tbe murderer, and bis aeqatttol on toe then novel plea of "moral insanity." aattated the nubile mind forWe dont love you•)-. LOVSJQT-SO tt was with the Savtoori addressing wjy. Bat,They itiont who talked of dis-do it than they could Virginia, instead st otototag"staler tMeeatajttoa to •the erection of Utah andXevedaaaa ajag ajaagp tBjftw.ftWsewaa> w tflaa*'i »waa^wfi jpwajis^wiiw^pws^awmi.op, and will probably at the end at a single day't "Motrin's Tariff billtD tlftlaaf^ aTarlimifkfftlinW tA BMBthe mill; and that, in all probabilii fore the meeting of the Qaraetaft Convonttoa, theeratie majority of the Senate will be required toMB,2— „ « . — . . . . — — biU, andTbe Tariff (specific duties) bUl.—Poor measures which may be laid to comprehend MM whew torn and aahttoaet of the republicantheir Charcot tanhat Mr. "WAtnawMB, April 4,1M0.Mall*-PffiSi^iaws wa*, ^^w ^w ^^^^^ ^ I•I'••(••the Senate Committee of Cities to the railroad bills that havetotost to the fine arrangement of rounded periodt, the correctly curledtion points and the full sentences, covered op his argu aid prevented hia audience fro* understanding exactly Want Ma meant. He,terized these hills as being gratuilout,to companies without peaaJfiea for abase, also, that there axatedno publio necessity to justify these grants, and that the property holders had not been consulted, and he thought it bat just that those who had tpent their fortune<a building up the city should have a hearing op this question. Men of character and capital had offered one million of dollars for the franchises of the parallel roadt »nd would agree to carry the passengers at four cents. These propositions bad not been listened to, for the reasonhattherewas noone here topreto the matter In the ebby, and others had worked themselves into the favor ofirons.He was followed by W. M. PuBte, of the Twenty-thirdstreet stage line, sgainst the bills now before the commits tee, who thought that all his property would be ruined and he made penniless if these bills were passed withoutsome provision to protect his stage interestMr. Ludlow, of toe Houston street line, next spoke, ar-guing that htt and other stage interests would be rainedby the passage of these bills, and drew a picture of thetrials that his family would have to go through with ifthis legislature was so cruel as to pass these bills withoutproviding for his stage interest His remarks, as well asthose from Mr. Pullis, plainly ghowed that the tight, as faras they were concerned, was whether they or soma other parties should have a sho win these valuable franchisee; or in oihtr words, it proved that there was a nice fight be- tween the stage men on the grid irons and tbo stage men ofl from the gridirons—the totter being mad because that- had notteak roasting.Ruins F. Andrews next spoke on behalf of the grantees ta these bills, arguing that toe roada were demanded by the laboring classes, who were now compelled vo crowd themselves into the overcrowded cars to get to and from their labor. He could not see why the laboring man should be deprived of the benefit of these roada because the property holders, who had their carriages to go as they pleated and when and where they wished, said that they man act. More roada bad become a public necessi- ty, and should be granted, and let competition control the fare. Tht. present stage lines were wholly inadequate to the wants of the people. The people who were obliged to ride to and from their business universallyTo incorporate the Atlantic 8avingt Bank, Brooklyn.Toauthortee the sale or the Erie and Maw T at* fJM£ fftar^tott»Aaattteftnd<hwaiWeatoi»nmd.the charter of tbe New Yorktoa^eJlenfcrtatopTOtraattteifil^sa and nays oa question sitel i e Caaammeat atotMaa end we PratdemtMjawnvmm to Cbtawfiai «4» « t/ tot Mawasti i e/ totnm pmseti fMitaii iriiMpjiDit.Bad the OonnecUcat election gone for the democracy, the result would haTe been claimed as a Douglae triumph, and as proor positive of ha sur*rior availability over all other democratic oaadwatos to the North. The retention of the Stole by toe republicans leaves things on the demo- cratic tide aa they were before; or, if they have changed at all, it is rather againtt Mr. DeaglatT>e ontaMe drommert and trumpeters of Mr. Douglas are vary numerout and very noisy, ton the responsible managers of his cause admit that hm nomination at Charleston is all but hopeless. Thus, between the Doug-lat delegate who baa been bere one day,ana his colleaguewho has been here taking soundings for a week, there u all the dinference between the anthntittt and the dis- appointed politician.morrow, uid while a ia supposed that they will not change the place of the convention,!* is thought their meeting may be marked with some interesting disclosures of the real daawMtoa In the way. The Douglas party realty desire the change to Baltimore, on account of the superior fecili- tieaitwill give to his numerous camp followers of their lobby branch of the convaattoa, while the anti Douglas men will esteem it a good thing If the extortionate prices •t Charleston will operate to the total exclusion af theThe Douglas men upon the Committee, however, appro etoto the dencacy of their poatoaa otorerntng tote proposed of the piece of the Convention, and accordingly Mi a very humble and they toll! leave the question to the discretion of theirlook. At he walked Southern ateociates, and they understand the case.syag ^rj y—pt^.tfa^iy tkhaxt hbe hacd no Too Httie attention has been paid to the movements and Border. And mill the clamor and op- calculations hero of the third party elements, which areoat the centre of the ring to be represanted ta a Nationjail Convention at Baltimore) of Maw.—He came at w , but'he most not do it(dem ) oi Ky.—Mr. Chairman, there to ft totpeakfrom ta hitourskteofthey may, ha hta teat, and he shall and most do it.Votanv-Ca!! the Sergeant-at-Anna,(rep ) o f Pa.—Let the oniaaWlst ran. • wen take their eeatt».'"this state in araglag la front of theao. latheo tea tide of to which beover ah iking13.for to-morrow at half past tea o'clock. Agreed to-16 tofromon the 8th of May. These elements are divided into clamored for more roada. The necessity was ren- in a stentorian voice, declared—The dered greater by the establishment of the Centralgentleman shall speak. He shall not commit a breach of three patceis or groups. The first are in Tavor of a com Park, which la daily visited by thouaanis—not only promise policy at Baltimore, which will bring this third by residents of New York, but by strangers.tot relet of the noami, ant he shall have ha rights ac- party within reach of the Chicago(Xaventioo The second Wb«n the present roar!twere granted in the city in 1853, eerdtog to the rule, of the Boose and if he violates are in favor of an independent party movement like that there was the atone clamor againtt them by the propertyflthan beto rebuke him; bat he shallof 1866, in the hope of carrying the election Into Coogresi; and the men ef the third group are in favor of an active cooperation with the democracy, notes democrats, but as allies, operating to break down the republicans, as the first *tep towards the organization or » great new national party.The first division of these third party engineers derive tome comfort from the Connecticut election. They think the result shows that Sewara will never do for Connecti- cut, Rhode Island, New Jersey and Pennsylvania, and that the first treat impediment (Seward) to a fusion between the old line whigs and Americans and the reownera which la now presented to the argument of Mr. Butler. Bat their existence was now conceded to be a public necessity by even the property ownera. He also argued that toe right to grant these franchisee belonged to the Legislature, and that the city hart no rights but such sa ware acquired by the charter. which the Legis latere could change at anytime. He also argued thai it was against the policy of the government to sea these franchises. These grants are net for private but public reasons. He also held that the profits now made by the city railroads were made by overcrowdiag the cart, aad carrying twice aa many passengers as they ought to; but with the establishment of more roadt the travel win be properly distributed,and the public better acoommo dated. He thought that the fact of all of those whoop- rosed granting these railroad franchises Mat year from New York, had been left at home this year, was enough to prove that the people wanted more roads. His re marks were quite eloquent, were listened to with ckse attention, and evidently more than refuted the argumsnte of Mr. Batter.Ber.j. M. WhiOock, a wealthy merchant, next spoke briefly te favor of more roads. Be said that be wan not acquainted with the gentlemen named at grantees in these billt, and bad not the remotest interest in any railroad in New York city. but it was enough tor him to know that d a y atonded te betid toe roads U these bills passed. The roads were a public neceaity. and he hoped the reston- awances of a tew rich men would not allow these bitia toA genera: fight at one tame teemed Imminent, and the ' everywhere prevailed. .called in to resume his seat, when the that the committee rone, owing to therestored.e are in good order now.by a burst of laughte r.' tola Committee of thea quarter of ft mfll tax upon the people of the State for the present yearto add the road.Mb. BneAS (dem.) moved to toko, from the tablemotion to reconsider the vote defeating the tea for toe sreotion of Highland county.Motion carried by 77 toll.Tbe bill was then passed by 12 to M.Mr. BbMBAft- (rep.) moved to take from toe table toeAnti rent bul amending the Revised Statutes, respecting nif^meton by deed.Motion carried by 72 to 26.Mr. ROBINSOX (rep.) moved to recommit toe bul, wtth instructions to amend, to that the biU shall only apply to new contracta, and not destroy all existing covenants and sweep away the rights or landlords under deeds aad leases already granted.A warm debate ensued, tbe minority endeavoring to fight off the fiaal pttftftgeoftoe h a ,Mr. Robinsons amendment Was tost,and the bill parted again by tbe combination vote. ' 'Mr. Govxn next moved that the bill to provid*the erection of unsafe buildings in New York new hi third reading. Carried, and ihe biU tmeses, fbjof this bill occupied so long a time that after itsat half rem two, the Hoo*« took a recess till four P M.AFTRBMOON SESSION.notion of Mr. CAIXJOBC, tbe testimony taken by theCommittee to investigate the cause of the death of *>t in toe TJtica Asylum was ordered to be printedwith,-. Btrrura reported against the bin for the more per- organisation of toe State tattHia.4m motion of Mr. Mxwui* the report waa taid on the table.Tbe bill to ascertain aad pay the damages caused by tbe destruction of toe Quarantine buildings waa reported ftanplete; also the bin to amend the law relative to pod- datstnd hawkers.„ m i x * FASHED.To amend ihe charter of the Bewbrew Benevolent So-etoty, New York.The Huntington and Banter's Point, long atand, Rail-read bill.TO provide for the more effectual insurance of sahool-Christiannet allow such iasinna- U the member par- (Mr. Singleton) wouldthe tear millions of slaves* wan not one leg.l husband or wife, father or child, about a Presbyterian alder down S a a t o a a v whipped into him with the broadside of a af a yoaag girl a this city being whippedMen etaab D . Inea^l towaraanWaa: te gBajsmnaSMftnaft. Aftksn gWailmditW he loved it, bat he did not inlerprot it m thers dfC(dem!) of S. C - T o n violate ittoo, toreoognhad by tome of toe leading republicans of the New England States, who have still a lingering hope tor one of their owa number.Bat every divimen of these third party elements it anxious for and working tor the nomination of Douglas at Charleston, because Douglas wilt drive the republicans from Seward or defeat him in the North, while In the Sooth he may enable an independent opposition ticket to carry perhaps half a dozen Southern States, from toe in- evitable bolt of the fire eaters from t i e Charleston nomina(dem.) of S. C—And parjoro jourself. The republicans areto the necessity of a compro be defeated; the poorer classes demanded them, and ifand re- publicans ia practically no longer ta the way. ThJt idea,At all eveatt,President to 1861—that Mr factcringhis superior strength inbeen dene to Connecticut to Mr. Seward can heit weak in the menu failed to provemite ticket, and the about tor a lodgment to will pave ton way to theAreoa Caw* la Urecnwlth Street. DBATH VXD COMM88ION OP AN INC8KD1AHY—TERKI BLK 80BM1 IK TH1 HOtn?lTAL.aad before thto he eras a a d ta arraign Aus-• a (Mr. Lovejiy) proposed to Mid *p to the retri-ofpobnoatatimeaV,atoIaaMattM inalltteatrocity MarshalBakercausedtoearrestoftwo nan,named De.a negro totof into toe bargain, no parley with a perjuredLOTXJOT said, when Daniel Webster spoke of the of Austria on Hungary, he remarked theof Mr. Douglas are eastingthey were built this class ofaa they are now. Into tenement by the bainteg af theirinto that portion of the cityman had Mate polygamy. •coar oat slavery and the of the Slave states themselves.date Morrinett and Come Morrateu, brothers, on the charge of purpotery setting ftro to their crockery store, at No. 288 Greenwich street The third man suspteionedabsetato, tbaH revert back to i__laittm concerned it it my wish sad wiU thatfund thall go to the city of Oaratwu, torlowing purposes, and underto build up a hospital for old sadmust be admitted under tbe ate of (to):anient in tbe case ef some groat tonrmtty, seme lamesome physical infirmity, f entirety exclude laatcy from toe said botpitaL B to more for to make old age* fortable than tor anything else, f a t Itiont tor entrance must be poverty, aracier; the parties mutt beplaces mum be la the bands of twelveby council; tnd tbe aad trustees, together wtth toe Mayor of toe city, shall determine whether they are pro- per persons for the charity. There shall always remain in the gift of say of my family, if any be aavs, six gifts for tix individuals. Before anything asa oe done wtto my fnndt for sueh a purpose, the dry ef Chtrltaor, most fwrntoh not less than e«ht acres of gronad to erea the said cottages on, for each cottage mum have a small gar-It will be recollected that about two weeks ago Plrebetter employ jour time in that Wjjrjltea ~grants and depriving the people of their rig thattherewasmoteytobemadeat mnoshirg to do with the question: If there was no money to be made they would ant be bmit, Ma same was true of all improvements. Mr "Vt. « remarks eaatod applause. asm s e m e ef toetenators remarked that although brief, ItThe fire occurred at about seven o'clock in the evening, just as Morrisnett was cloiing bis store, and the man La Rochelle was teen to come from the store to the sideihseii»s-,on was amended and pasted.thus disposing of the bilM that had been previously upon which tbe former r<consideration was moved. Hekilled. bad changed bis eote from the negative to the affirmative, The Tenement House bill next came up. and waa read to order to move this consideration, believing the Housequest, the military services of young Reille commenced of brick, m rows, neet and convenient, torn stories high, also, nor did they terminate until the swords of all ua having each two rooms aad a kttstiis As I have no time.thtftiatu endwas the most brilliant that bad yet been made before asking the gentle- was named Jean Baptists l a Rochelle, who was badly them. It was evident that he was willing to sacrifice anyananas he wanted to Ctark) or any body earn.avaadanad gentlemen now here more moderate, and , more sensible men.burned at the time, and was sent to the New Y ork Hos- pital for surgical treatment.The.facts In the case, as appearsjby the testimony before Justice Connolly, shows that toe two Morrtoattt kept a oreckery mere at the above named ptase. Adjoining tointerest of his own in order to benefit the working classes. Mr. Jones' bill for the Inspection of steam boilers ta the coontiet of New York and Kings, was passed lust even- ing, Mr J. succeeding In getting tt ahead of other billsby his personal efforts; it has to day gone to the Senate.A number of bills which have been heretofore de- feated, a motion made to reconsider and that motion laidM to say in Charleston what he could nay hero.£> JeWnantanieftfew*^^tMwewgl asenft* sawagnannj eajf *an them was one Joseph Morton, also a crockery dealer,on the table, were to day taken np, recouSdered and heuses.passed. Among that nnmberwere tha Highland county • To amend toe charter of the Cemetery Association ofTim boyhood or the soldier who bnt a tow days agolived to tell of his own adventures, was spent under theold rrptme of France. He only misted by a month or twobeing born under Louis ST., aad he actually tow toewhole reign ef the unfortunate sovereign who perishedonateaffold He could perfectly remember th* Assem-bly of Notables at Versailles, aad, an far as bis age went,might have played a part ta any of the scenes throughwhich toe revolution waa conducted. AM soon, indeed,as those famous wars commenced which turned the passtems of democratic France towards views of foreign con- den to busy the occupant These cottages matt be builtBut If 1 go into fta save States and talk against ro la my protection.(dem ) of S. C —Can you go to England and man toe taaetoa eatata there to aaaaaaato the Queen?Morriesett had been informed by the landlord that becould not have the store another year for the crockery business; hence an unpleasant feeling existed agemst Mr. Morton on the part of the Morriaaeiw, they attrtbutint,,Mr. LovnjoY-I don't desire to do that. 1 claim the the iocs of the more to Morton. Morrisxett had a stock u nays 46.BVTKIMG SESSION.Mr. B SMITHmoved to reconsider the vote on the Albanysad Susquehanna Railroad butThe PitAKtK ruled the motion out of order.Mr. B. Surra appealed from tbe decision of the Chair. The bill passed today waa a different but from thatHe alluded to the action of the Legfcla- nra this winter on their franchise—that of the Senate iashing through with lightning speed the big gridiron, aud the action of the House Committee on On six Utile grid-hia Legislature.not be crowded, to be consumed but they couldJget oat a tend la efmapsad wheretheycouldoccupysnailcottageswtthcomfortaad safety. By all means, he said, pats these bills, you will»ly_Twice within tbe test few stances to whka veterans ofthe risks of a Hfe long asrvtos to aUMsaMa? toIwalaf,Se? w S T b o n a . Such'sa express toft realization Of chances almost beyond tne bounds of prohabutty. hot the whole chronicle of wonoer contains ro stronger example than that just now reported from Para; Marshal Reille, tbe old soldier of the Empire, whose restates were hat week aamtoft toe peaceful tomb to his native and, had not only outtived toe days assigned toman, but had attained to extreme age, after a career of dangers which we may eatery describe aa with outaparaBeL A life of eighty five years would, in most cases, embrace tome strange events, but ta the Instance before us, it covered such a chain of revolutions and such n series of wars as no period of the world's history had ever produced. •, act Wttmato ether tarlhstt against the working people of theMam, we ooe t nana yea. If a mechanic from Pennsyl- walk entetoned in flames. The bystanders tendered ail the third time and passed, receiving eighty yeas anrt no would be glad of an opportunity to review Its action.weata were to go Sooth aad apeak about the superiorty of the assistance (hey could by stripping oil', h a burning ons voting against tt. This bill is exceedingly lengthy, . Mr. Joiwvos argued that the rule only allowed one re sheathed. It is here that the story preasnte so incredible mitud to my wife Hannah for ber approvaL The tot oflions, after twenty years of conflict, were once more now, there must be made a paa of said hesntal aad ssb- he would be held morally responsible. You clothes. R* boots were saturated wtto camphene, and it and is very stringent in its features. It was amended in oonsiiieration of a vote oa the final stamen of a bin. If it an aspect Napoleon had many generals, and they wore ground, or its location, must have her approval. •h a t and scourge htm by the hand of a stave, was found necessary te cat them from his feet The the select committee, taking out Mime of Its odious features;Ware otherwise there would be no end to legislationMr. MKanrrr deemed that the bill as pasted was entirelya new bill, and hence susceptible of reconsideration. Mr. WILUAMS took the tame view.The House sustained the decision of the Speaker, and Ma motion consequently failed. 'raua rASsxp.To legalise certain notices published In the Jtoaaajall working men, but no oaloenef the Grand Army could .have shown, we believe; an account ef ser- vice so extraordinary as that performed by BeUto. He was not in Egypt, and he escaped the disastrous expedi- tion to Moscow, bat wtth these exceptions he eopears to have been flgntiag and commanding In every country throngn which the French eagles were carried. Be fought atkiret the Duke of Brunswick, against buwarrow, againttJ-tnxs WOOD, formerly iPhiladelphia, died suddenly oa toe 3d , in the 66th year of Ito age. The asaaaft says of Btawammg^-^» m<», the deceased w»« brought very prominently before the public, by figuring as the principal actor te a painf^ tragedy, which caused a most intense UAIJIu-iiajl ^ o o t l bat inn fitted op to ft vary riMmyntoteft uiftajiis1m>ryi tar and teather ha*. wretched mem was conveyed to the New York Hoept'a',MK'Jajmatoasji aattoaaatai negro ta the South is year groaning with agony. His legs to toe knees were found landlords of tenement nooses look well to their buildings.to be very extensively burned, and his bands, arms and " from the ropabbcan tons. one side of bis face were in the same condition. The inThe engineering of this bill bat been done by Mr. Web- ster, who has been assisted very materially by the shock- ing accidents at the numerout fires in your city this win-LOTSJOT in speaking of John Brown said he wou'd veatigatioa of the Fire Ma/thal made out a strong CAMMan, He would poor no execrations upon old against the Merrissetts, and the magistrate held them for ter; it has yet to pass the Stnate. It u to be hoped thatHa condemned what he (Brown) did. Be trial they will rubh it through faster than they did the big grid of ha act He believed, however, that Yesterday the Fire Marshal having been informed by iron. f |was a good ato aid his motives honest and Dr. Bail, bouse surge in, that La Rocbeue was very The r?enate read the third time a number of bills this Joan Brown stoad heat and shoulders above feeble and about to die, and wanted to make s confession, morning, nearly all, however local. In fact, all of until he was strangled, any \%w to en hastened to the Hospital. There he found this unfortunate the important bills that have not already passed thata as aa arrangement among pirates to die-By what right do yon of the Sooth The confession was taken down in writing. Justice. will, however, be brought forth soon, and run through'Wnrnaer, agatoat the Archduke Charles, against Mm*, •tore ia Cbestnxt street, opposite lbs Sate Hoaa. One of To amend the act for tbe facilitation of debts against against Bill, and against Wellington. He foogfatin Bel- the principal titroctiocsol toe place wtajktojtaugbtor,earporations rium.inltaJy.mGereany.inSr^to^Fiandert. H e b e To widen and improve Busbwick avenue, Brooklyn. gan his campaigns as a subaltern ofinfentry under Di To extend the term o f the New York constables two mourk;., and ended them ta command of a carps d'armetyears. at Waterloo, file aMqntty teems to have brought tornTo reduce tbe capital slock of the Farmers' Loan and into every episode of the>war, however peculiar. He as discovered tbe fatherman very row and apparently in a dying condition. body are in the hands of the standing committees, which st laws that I or my child should be Connolly then ordered the two prisoners Morrissettt to the Grinding Committee in hot hastetwuigofthesun.gray, should clothe herself ta sack. ' 11, and believing that I am about to die, do affirm as ing tor ihe wrong man. Weed, to my certain knowledge,ried on toy Mrs. Woodwent heme to England, where hewith whom be again came to tote eodaary, aad fixed h a, aft account of slavery, and ought to follows.—At about throe weeks prior to the occurrence of worked for Mr. Tan Dyke, as did the State officers. The the fire in the crockery store of Dedace A Come Merres- triumph is not one of the radicals, as he speaks of, but a " of Ta—V yen w n came into Vir- lett, situated at No. 233 Greenwich street, Dedace Mor victory of another stamp. There never was a man so thna we did John Brown. retsett suggested to me that he wanted to born out his anxious for the nomination of any perron asWeed was for store, at toe man next door was doing a better business, Ysa Dyke, and hia friends say that they never saw him and causing him to move away. This oootemptated so nervous ss he was on that evening In tbe rotunda of burning was hinted at from time to time on the week prior the Ctpit.-1, tetrtcg that the friends of Rice would triumph. to the occurrence of the fire. Dedace Morreesett The frkndt of Bice assert that he (Rice) would have been atkel me to get some camphene. He gave Dominated if Weed bad not Interfered in favor of Van April 8, 1*80. me a glass Jar and fifty six cents to get one gallon of cam T)yck. Mr. Flagler was afro actively at work for Mr. Van tot phene. I went to a store in West Broadway, en the Lyck instead of lor Rice, aa stated by the writer in ques- iteaSneatf west side, near Thomas street I took this camphene <!>the tion. Mr. Flagler was ene of the leaders for Van Dyck to store and I gave tt a Dedace Morressett Be put it away the Bouse. The question of radicals or Sewardam neverF i r e s l a N e w T o r s i . BURNING OF A STEAM PLAN1NU MUX.and distinguished part in tbe Hundred Bays, aad' ttnaByooverad Paris wtth his division against the last advance ofthe Allies. From the year 17S2 to the year 1818, he e t abe traced from place to place; always In a pest of danger, residence ta this ctty. The second wife,we baton,anr- usually a ono of trust; and yet, after confronting in per- vtvet him. Wood a' ways ehrunk from bohae gate after son the accumulated perils of tola eventful period, be tur- the tragic event ef lSSS.ead even those wfte\»«w batHouse adjourned. Cerrcspondence.Between one and two o'clcck yesterday afternoon ala the store somewhere. The next day or two afterwards Decace seat me for another gallon of camphene, giving me the money and n similar jar ta bring ttentered the contest.•ad tilled wtth a stock-of boards and mouldings.share of experience, from toe strife and struggjesot ttte which has since been card in sMaw oaten.world ; but so little bad hit vttoi powers »e#n m A very aged Revolutionary soldier dad last weak to 0 1 0I notion that the bills for the confirmation of resolutions of the Common Council, in regard to the contracts of to. I went to the same store for the gallon of streets, continue to make their appearance. The last oneIn consequence of the tanamable material, in less thanten minutes the whole building was in flames. Ihe fire juied by the strata fhet forty w a w J " " * * * * * New Washington, Clearfield county, Pa.-Jsam Lonwavcampheae. I took tt to the store and gave it toDedace Morressett Ha took it from ae and pat Itsway m the store. On the day of the fire Mbrressettstated to me that the fire was to come off that night. Iwas in and out of the store that afternoon, and up to thethat ef toe fire. At the tone the mateb was applied leavingtobim. During this period he reaehod toe honors which Sarrin. Born in Mleaaeanedt, Germany, Aagt I, n*», men worked manfully, bnt without being able to save the formed the aatoral tot of such dlgnaad ease. LcuislPM- he arrived in America in 17M, belrg liysstooM «thti hvildiDg. The lots oa the building and machinerv to Bppe made him a MarOalof F r a n o t a t o w e ^ W t e w t h e time. Be resided in Pennsylvania Ml yearajramrlmabout $(l,0C0, and on stock about $4,c0O. Insured aft fol- roll of these figtltarles was dlmmtoheji by the deftthcC andl8daya. He died March 23. at the wonderful ageof bwe»~Ratgera iMuranoeCompanv, $1,000;Lenox,*1.000; ondlcot,atdthe usualawwmpaatoteateolptaeeandq> 11syears, 1 mount and 1%days. Besfttoiadwmw-totoecnaphene Dedace Morressett and bit brother and another man aad myself were In the store No other person waft there. I taw the other man apply the match (whose name I do not reooUeet) to the camphene, and he torn ma away aa soon at he applied the match. Morns-88,186 11 —For which he hat attempted to recover in the courts- but falling, BOW applies to the Legislature, where, judging from their course thut far, he will, beyond a doubt,succeed.The city charter amendments nave unquestionablyn ccgiiir.e the deserts of s Hfe like bis. He had contrfc-u the 2tth e t iKsember. Tbe Bgnt of dfty was Jam break- 111for me to aat.st brm in the matt itart a e a a bale plane to myself. In i m t i l l t oNo. l]4 Allen street. M seeaa a Mrs Roaknlatki waa Bring a preparation of goose grease and alcohol, and be-_!rrcre ic no cnexmmen age. MevftlaatoBai ato-l we describe It. We ere involuntarily led to limes of tbe French Revolution atfrom ihose of ear own generation, and accordingly when tome venerable specimen oferUhe,,E dnTtaf °"ils ^ei ^-- *- - ^ -^* " *la the theory which.•eatr a n tbutasitnowstandsitwillbestrong enoughtomaketheto the Eighty third street job of Mr. Brady. The amount that he figures up under this contract to tbe snog•om of—Of which 70 per cent baa been paid, or.137,121 as 18,988 27Williamsburg Ciiy, *1 <-<0; East River, $1,C00, and Park, »TCO The cause of tbe fire la said to hare been from sparks falling from ttte furnace among the shavings.KIRK IN LIBERTY PLACE.The alarm of fire for toe Seventh district last night,tactlon were at his cearmand. Bto dlstomt^, to aat, vtoetaKH, atd fought throughout aewnotowar. He were too genuine to be overlooked oftder any fttod ofgov- was with Washington when be crossed tbelMmware «• emmem-' rcgitlmlsu snd <**«»* •^e w*r «J S?^ Chiistmat night, 1776, and was te 0m» naftttoe«-Tr«aitorn,l < 1to throw my cent oa the fire. I did so, and gene up in a balloon, or disappeared In some other mys-liberty place, In the premises of George O. Smith A Co., appear te bo more remote and historical than they realty and waa ta hto defeat near IWehJSept. * y _ ^ «f_' and tbe characters of the tve seem proportionately to the battle of Gernmntowa,0*^*^n, »w < »a doing it I eapstosd one of th* jam of camphene, whtcb must have spread the, camphene over my boots, and it was that which an satareted me wtth camphene so badly. 1 took fire and ran out of theoa the sidewalk in a blase of fire. Before my I rfrCOfpr^Ct t b a a i 1'TSIJBVOCI think hie object was toterious w a y - at least such is the general Impression hereh on tbe third floor. Damage atout WOO The balding M reptrate from th te of i| i Ww reclaim earnped wtth WatbingHoa atJftftey » 2 » » » * J f•°F- z*? \ ** *°*® op. no one seems to know, owned by Plan Brothers. Insured.'' ankm tt It that the republican managers have becomeatoplj by yeara, there is nothing skta toe fact'that men recently livingraftteaaaten,im Be has said thai the winter of that year was thehe ever experienced. O^JfJ^^'ZTtLas, stoat tqtdm-fc and drew their^skfns_oyer men-Be was in the battle of Monmouth,^JuneWayne, and was wta-Wnyne at thePoiat, where the wPaett brave beya Be \render ef CornweUto at Yorktown, m 3781. and, to bit o w n -that he could not reftwvricr left daceneanta theauaberofnearlythroeby trade, svested at Mayor Weed's long and arduous campaign to the land of wooden nutmegs agamtt the republicans. It is now said that the Sanitary bill is to be pet through in its place, at any rate the latter bill was ordered to a third rtedlsg to day, aad I taderstoad, from reliable sources, tfcat it now occupies a prominent place oa the tlatetobe put through.ran IN ALLBN STREET.About one o'clock yesterday afternoon the alarm foraVUved aha under the oW French monarchy, or the wars by which the Nineteenth Oaatury tThe Stnate CuaiaiWl 11 oa Chat aad Vltaaas the Ctty Ball Park bill tote afternoon, and a;xsd proprattetoiat ens tamtotTtey e a t took up the railroad bills, and decided te re S t i e Seventh and Tenth avenue aad avenac D,Kafirafc, | H a Ntott avenue, by a vote ef two to one.Untitled Documentfortyt h e s pdelay or debate.Banatogamuts ftamftdenouncedmem upen mo rigu» vi ynuwu. •"»=The bill was then passed. Itdrtfft ttff ttte m a ato lawr,the Senate adopted atented three hundred thousand of the thus denied a voice ta the Legislature <Mutioim laid on the objections were withdrawn, and the p«w^^^emwwaaw^m -^^tm** ^^^. ^^^^g' table. '»The Canal Apf>ropriation bill was received from toe As-sembly.aLAPKAM moved to concur in the amendments.TaiMAst mowed to toy Oft motion on the table, lost Tf Tt*Mr. KAWUT moved to make the biU the special orderConsiderable than spent tomotions and debates, Mr. Preiser moving to lay different orders of business Oft toft table in order to reach the resolutions to move the adoption of a rule for the previous question. After much delay the resolutions were reached, when Mr. Pros ter moved the previous question rule. This elicited much debate, several Senators an the majority tide opposing, on the ground that tbe rule had never been adopted by the Senate, and was unworthy of that body.Mr. FixRO moved to My toe resolution oa the table. Cerrted-20 to 6-Messrs. Bell, Goes, P. P. Murphy, Pur- suer and Warner voting in the negative.Mr. SsRuosaoauedup the report of the committee of conference on the railroad toil biU. The pending question being on the motion to reseda from the amendments of the Senate, the same was lost, by a vote of 10 to 19.The ldll, therefore, goes back to toe Assembly, with a measge that the Senate insists on its own bill.Mr HAMMONDreported favorably the bul relative tone Pobce Court, New York. ,A resolution againtt the MB was presented from toe Board of Supervisors, Now York.AerJournedVsaty. . 'AiiusiT, April 5,1880. The bill in relation to school libraries in the ctty of NewAnnual Supply Milorder for to-morrow, at IS o'clock.The bill authorlting the taking of addttional lands tortot Central Park was reported complete, and ordered to a third reading.After the passage of some unimportant bills,Mr. St. Jons (rep.) moved to toko from tow table the motion to reconsider the vote by which the Albany and Susquehanna Railroad billMotion carried by 80 to 28-Journal during tbe State paper controversy.such action as aaoTttteSteto. The•l c texto district waa canted by aa atnatoatal fire at duoec. Fourscore years would cover all this, ;r a nIFrom tbe ILATR MARSHALon board ship at one of Villeteuve's tea fights. Be wasia tbe campaign of Yalmy, when tbe French, anc<»actoftsof their own power, were protecting their own frontiers.He was in those of Monttnotte, of Zurich of Jena, ofFriedland, of Wagiam. of the Pyrenees, and, after a ca-reer ot service on tbe Peninsula, atone which would havesufficed to create a military reputation, be bore a brave tome time. TbeIIt provokes a smile of incredulity or astociebment to self when be ventured abroad. Tbe murder eaamiUed read of a man whose "retirement from political life ' had by Wood was clearly premeditated, sad hto etmnsel, thetag and moulding miU belonging to Miss LawrenceA Co., in Second avenue, between Fifty-third andfifty fourth streets. Tbe building was of frameand three stories high, and about forty feet deep, forty years ofage when he withdrew.certately a.tor a « r tows by rettmg op the novel nten of ''Hmraliataatty,''commenced before George III died. General Reille eatlate Mr. Peter A. Brawne. only saved htot from toe gel-i*d-to the gtori*s of Fiance, and ta toots gtoriet every teg when toe Americans drove ta toe ^W" " " J wmFrenchman was a participator. There M one feature Hemiass througlTa that ,u>v*wm. _mtr4?. »,,absot all these storks which may well suggest a little the battle of Brandywine, Hept U, 1-TJ, •~g»J***T *£ Shortly after eight o'clock, waa caused by a fire at No. 4 reflection, las events to which we base been alluding Be waa transferred to the cemnwadmtaa, "syne, •wrThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.com 