 /-2« ywaia of.ago,' wa* (MTortc^ i>y Oiiioor fiynn ol' tbv ^omth,,- . Executive Conmutteo, no person who supports the ac- Myrick proprietor, of The Franklin County Democrat, ^^'^^fi$^^^p^i^'0^o^^o\ account of hi« oxpe- Wttid, v.huT^ts3 with rteaUnj* « ;pWr or OUmottd oatrtujis, (fold••-'.while- how's baa reached Europe and this country ofdo justice to his memoryv He bade them rememberJft'Nyaeea about 350 miles above its southern extremity —The Breckinridge Democrats held a ratification! where Dr. Liviugstone l-eached it. ': •the explorers might retu/h to rt port the result of their mieeion, and receive those congratulations which are due to those who add to the knowledge .of mankind..;:Kijsfs0 dao ALErie! I 4Si«48/*m.JSroir THJE: PIKE'S PEAK••&£&&: ^ [ i r ^ *cfciWree.•svetal partie* of lmmi^nto, compelling them i#r fer*»h them with p w wions, and in one instancehave.not time to read or reflect may. be deceivedgates assembled in Convention in accordance with Dem- return to Nelson by way of Cape FatewelL Mean- ten years in North* rn Oceans. He alluded to pr«vious expeditions, and spoke of Dr. Kun«. wishing he couhiGOLD REGION.to combine " '<fce DemocraHc party (Iroth wings ofboard the t«i eel, but on account of the stonon theyO n t h e veav hither, they grossly insulted [7 5 P f - WC«acannot be justified by another reason, tuat the drawing their cocked revolvers and rifles upon a de- .Presidential election may go to the House,,what is ~ fenseksa white woman who was alone in'a cabin, the state of parties there ? The following exhibitseen no meeting herej for years past, in which such heavy, up-i ill dragging was so clearly apparent.Now, we don't consider the chance of Douglas or Beckinridge being elected in Pennsylvania as being worth much anyhow. Even if banded together they;would give us no alarm. But what under the sun cantheyd©withthisirreconcilablybitterquarreltearingthemtopieces? Itrageshereasvirulently Btances,itiscleartothe.Comxnifctee'thatiftheantagon- spokeoftheusefulnessandpracticabilityoftheenter- as it did at Baltimore, if not more so, because here est body of water Of its size on the earth. W e are told prise—tl.'C interest felt in it by men of science—and thethe hand of Mr. Buchanan is plainly seen sustaining iem between the Seceders and the majority of the Dem- that exactly,in its center lies a watery region of terri- importance of studying the: physical features of the^ lOOBnIOO- 1» . so*. - ; -SErii K, '825300'-50, 1 0 0 MIC'£%BSk,.- 4:ot«^' thirty molesWith ofDenver.They have now buried their dead, and state that aanswers the question: ' i -Republican States.— Connecticut, Indiana^ Iowa,tion;and make their actions conform to. the will of the tidnary movement may have upon the operations andmmority,:those gentlemen seceded, formed them- late of the exploring party cannot be known until theIn reply, Dr; Hayes said he knew too well the im~> portance of the meeting to attribute it to mere formali- ty. ..He was about to leave theee shores to endeavor toparty of their carriers are about setting "out on an- Maine Massachusetts, Michigan, '.Minnesota, N»w-candidates who are the open and pledged enemies of the; prindpleof nonintervention: ;by Congress, as re- cognized by the majority of the Convention, and asrebellion.V , ;.,..:..'"'.••<could but tliank his country men.lor the generous aid ex- tend' d him, and would ever etrive to prove wortoy of the conficecce reposed in him. He should ever cherish, the remembrance of the hearty encouragement he had•;•* Bed Eocks," rising almost perpendicularly to thebight of three hundred feet—their sides dotted by a a cheer resp«lKed to the nominations, and. alto- lew stunted cedars, which must have some peculiar, gether the start was cold and mortifying. None ofdone Tvith even-handed justice to all, and without a seven divisions, and in each of theee departments the Everetc caid: 1 he mo'to of you and your crew should grant a let up. But the resolute action of the sacrifice of principle or pride by either party ? A plan be; " I'll try," and with tbai< co encourage you, all>hat<4^-&g . . . Hud:c;igateway on a hwl with the grassy little valleys on cither side of it. Eagles and hawks have their nests far up the Hides, and on the summit of the rocks, asyet untrwdden by the foot of man.An aperture, barely large enough to admit thebody of a man, near the. foot of one of the rocks, became the-theme of some speculation in our party. In spite of several unpleasant suggestions that it was probably the abode of a bear or panther, your correspondent crawled in, " utterly regardless " of clothing, and was followed by his companions. AterfromMr.Revefdy Johnson. A Mr.Brent of Alexandria took the stand first, and delivered a lec- ture on non-intervention, which our Celtic fellow-Union-lovers to erect their ears, The Republican com- The only redeeming speech of the night was made ket yesterday at 75, but without finding buyers. mences a new paragraph with its prescription:gionsj"ouseek. Itmayb^ethatHewillcausethelm- puseable ice-belt to arrest your progress, and cause y m to turn back, before the mighty toroes of the frozen;sea*v . /It may, however, be His will audyour good fortnuematiori thlU ;1solemn and hollow echo responded, to our voices, and devoted friends of.Judge Douglas, as manyThey report the disease there.as having nearly died date for the Vice-Presidency. Then let a Southern brecht Roscher in Hamburg eays: " I learn this m ;r and whose names are familiar to us all. IF you fail* Democrat head the ticket. We know but one who, in ment that Salem ben Abdallah has arrived in Qoiloa. y.ou will havethe consolation of having ifcsaid of you^ out. They also consider that prevailing in this all respects, availability included, is fitted for the post, He reports.Dr. Roscher, safe and eonnd, on the shores as of the youth who dared attempt to drive tho chariotand on striking a light we fouud ourselves in an ob- iong/cove of solid rock, with smooth walls. It proved to be some sixty feet in length by eight in width, and sixty or seventy in hight. The remains of a fire showed that we were not the first.ex« •gloiers, and after a few minute* spent in the ancient apartment., we withdrew, leaving the place to the damp and utter darkness which prevailed beforeeur entrance.On the return hip, along Monument Creek, wevicinity as identical with the former, but in neither and.that is the Hon. James H. Hammond, of South of the. Nyasea, engaged,in making brief journeys, ex-' of the sun: :passed many curious columns and statues of stone, his name. Thus ended. the Douglas ratification/ left standing in lantastic shape* by some ancient Nothing more significant was ever seen in Washing-deluge; and several castellated mountains, whose ton. The two thousand office-holders were invisi- rocky battlements appear to be the work of art ble for once—they who have so strong an instinctof the coming man, not a mother's son of them waslately been made upon the growth of that remarkableand impressive manner, and were received with great 'snarning we found ice an inch thick within a few yards of our camp.celebrated this year.POLITICAL.',.TwoyoungpersonsfromthevicinityofFondduI>ac, Wisconsin, were married, in a tent in North financier wrote with such extreme unction of the Denver, a few evenings since, in the presence of calm peculiar to a Summer morning, that some ofquite a ^company,, attracted by the novel scene. us innocently believed there must be something in The parties were strangers to each other until they it. The apostiophe has been quoted in leaders,\Thtivtescdrhwas££$*?*to the approaching fce«ivalj. when, tjje Cit; of B^osj^a have already Btarted for the back country, under ths Declaraiion of Independence. Oher eugs^ementamet on the. Plains, on the way here from the Mis-aoaxi Biver. The bride was only lb' years of age.As soon as the ceremony was ended, and refresh- the poets. But it may be set down as a delusion;ments, in the form of lemouflde from a wooden by the Democracy it is certain to be so considered. bucket, apple pies and cake, had been indulged- in,'* ' ^ ^^i^f^y•if?^55--.y.-.jHS*W»**«X?>|ii*mi..;."-i• ;••'•••pas•'• Allowing, for the sake of argument, because-it. '*•' I Tbyit. .ocratic usage, unleesthey, too, would solemnly repo-jority of the Convention refused to yield to their dicta- habitants of the province. What effect this inaurrec- " only gained through the other.Whep the ready-made resolutions were read, hardly" What, then can be done to end thisantagonism and unitetbe'sA two great armies of the Constitution? Our presumption is that if in the interval they conclude differences are about men, and to effect a uoion we mustlabors in terrestrial mensuration suffice to place him in the samo» scientific rank with the English Murchison,It is eaid that in the vocabulary of a resolute man there is no euch word as " impossinfe." '**'Addrt sting Dr. Hayes and bis brave company, Mr.'.the distinguished speakers, who had been announ-WWm.^ ^'; - :: £HW'$L-r«tt«rhettile-expedition against their jancient and Hampshire, New-Jertey, New York, Ohio, Penns:yl-vania, Rhode Island, Vermont, Wisconsin—15. • ." hwbriate enemies. The " U t e s " will probably come PenUHtfatic Siates.—Alabama. Arkausas,California, -^viptoribus,astheyalmostinvariablydoonsuch Delaware,Florida.Georgia,Illinois.Louiaiaha,Mis-occasionR-,Theyarewellarmedwithrifles,areexcel- mippi;MifisotBri,Oregon,SouthCarolina,Texas,Vir-| about a hundred milea north-west ©i Santa Fe\ in referred to should happen, Mr. Douglas could get JStew-Mexico, forty •' Utes" surprised, the party, no SouthernState, exceptunj;^ perhaps, Missouri, and *. -and killed and scalped every one of -them. The that not certainly. His only sure vote in.the Housethe probable result of the election in it without such a* union *—Dr. Bnist has lately commuoicated to the Geographi-::-';\ *.**"Otes,"andwhiletheywereincampone,evemag, ,Itishardlynecessarytosaythat,ifthecontingency;•lent marksmen, and the bravest Indians in this parte f the P a r W est. In September last* twenty-onekeffigerent Arapahoes went out in ;puxsuii of the - Divided.—Kentucky, Maryland, North Caroliuv-3.ga?ar—14. • - • • ' • ' "'• - ', 4Southern Ctepo^ion.-—Tennessee—1.ocratic Convention was such that the Seceders could\. ; Loop i:•«• i; -; 200 p»<- ICON.' 100 Erit tSTMi .. S0OH»«KO K-a • TS&Ju%gularity as to repel all advances.. It spurns them| f aurprise, and when a party of white men passed the and his friends have been, they would hardly turn with contempt. It was so hated and vilified at Bal- electoral ticket in any State, no matter what may beand April, and in May sometimes attains to 90°.:' Arapahoes were taking supper.at the time of the would be Illinois. Proscribed and persecuted as he' m. spot two weeks after, morsels of the bread which round and give Mr. Breckinridge their support, after7timore that it resents everything and accepts of no §£ Mey were eating were still protruding from the denouncing his faction as seceders ahd disunionists. atonement. Good Douglas men even declare thatthe temperature of both air and water riei«g in thatandeaid:l! B joouthsofthe ghastly corpses. Withdrawing the vote of Illinois from the Demo- they will cheerfully vote for Lincoln in preference" Were the service upon which I have entered such month above blood-heat. At this time, a person lean- as to demand talents or genius, I should naturally. ing over the bulwarks of a yessel whose dtck has been shrink from assuming its responsibilities; but I feel'- 150 1feIt seems never to have occurred to Gen. Webbdetigned, to the breaking up of the National Gov- -navigable, have been-the Brahmapuna, the Gangesernment. In the view of the Committee, there is with some of its tributaries, the Hoogly 'and the Indus.no room for doubt; in the mind of any Na- But recent explorations have added to this list thetional Democrat, as to the path of duty in the Godavery, which, rising in the central mountainous North, he could look back aod feel that warm hearts pjestnt crisis. The ' Sectders,' by withdraw- regions of the peninsula, pouft its waters through a were beating for biiu here in Boeton.;broad uelta into the Bay of Bengal, about half way be- President Felton h*d great pleasure ia saying a word on behalf of the University at-Cam /ridge. He spoke.I have mstr returned from a visit to Coloradolately cooled by a shower of raba, experiences a fe-dingassured that no more is required than an honest devo-duty of each day with a vh^eriui and steady mind, and ;, . 2&U<«lOMiQi •-',*' ". Pitt i. lOOKocimkes, though many of the residents are now absent : cure them from three States which are equallyThe Reading electoral ticket must be superceded by two new ones, as the same antagonism already pre- vails among the electors. One of them has resigued, and others are prepairing to follow suit. In fact, the disorganization is so radical and comprehensive that it embraces Committees, men, presses, and theStates. The Seceders and their candidates are op-\'1••• -'.• i. •!1Copper.Central FraaiJi Haacociuuh*AftOBfCC Na*iot;aJ KoTtb 0« x times as manv buildings as either of its rivals. The principal street, already marked by buildings w r more- wian a mile, is level as a floor, and the scenery in the vicinity is peculiarly striking and picturesque.•which the Fontaine qui Bouille, Creek, into which they are discharged, receives its name. They con- sist of three fountains, all very strongly impregnatedso that such a fusion would make two of the parties declared by Jackson to be those of traitors, and di-ing from the National Convention and settingup their candidates, have arrayed themselves in tween Calcutta and CapeComorin. Capt Young early of the imporUmce of the sci-jntific nature of the explo-Th*» day,.si duiing ant m* - £kcondaoon, 1 •groer*8p<*C|QL ." in f»voThe'summit of Pike's Peak, 14,500 feet above jthe sea-level, white with a month of snow, is only jfour miles distant. At the foot of it are the cele-inches.. The column of water is some ci^pit inches its object. Judge Douglas has always been a i m diameter, and bobbies up with great force. . The liberal and sure friend of this District in Con- channels which supply 1$ must be tar under/ground, gress, and his house has been noted for profuse hos- £wr the creek- flows between two of the fountains, { pitality, which many of the residents have enjoyed within a few feet of them. The residents of Color- ! for years back. Political considerations aside, he ad© assert that the water possesses rare medicinal was entitled to the' compliment of a respectable au- properties, and several enthusiastic gentlemen.in dience. The public notice of the meeting named 8 our party insist that' the springs are fur superior to o'clock as the hour, and I strolled to the space in t h o s e a t S a r a t o g a , o r a n y o t h e r s i n t h e ; S t a t e s , a n d f r o n t o f t h e C i t y H a l l , s o m e h a l f h o u r a f t e r w a r d , t ohib voice in hearty wishes for the explorers' saccesj. W e were assembled to bid them good-bye, and although we, could not be inseneible to the dangers that muss be- -men; ccratic aggregate, and supposing Mr. Breckinridge to any fusion likely under any. contingency to" The Democratic party, which is now unifed in thesupport of Douglas and Johiison,.stands upon'the only- like that of holoing thu head above a kettle of boiling tion to the objects of the wyage, a reacincss to do tho ;fz €S*y, 70 Bale8 south of Denver, at the mouth of the to be one of the three candidates seat to the House, inure, to Breckinridge's advantage. Their organs : proclaim the same determination. Up to this•» *i lite'* pass, leading into the South Park- Colorado he would have only 13 votes, or four short of the•• is the most considerable town near the Southern necessary number," and would be required to pro- writing there is no promise of healing the breach.principle which is capable, if maintained in its integ- waters In November, 1836, the temperature of the a reasonable conformity with the exigencies of the rity, of preserving and perpetuating the Union of the atmosphere being 82°, that of the water between 17Q climate.".•? '•• •divided, and Tennessee, which is largely Opposition. The prospect is doubtless very consoling to desper- ate patriots. +xand 23° north latitude on one occasion reached 10G°.'.ha the-mountains. It contains six or seveu tradinghouses, and though hitherto all the buildings harebeen of logs, two saw-mills just established in thevicinity now furnish ample supplies of lumber, andihe city already begins to show a decided improve- and his "leading Democrat" in making up theirment upon that primitive style of architecture. It ', estimate,that if a tripartite coalition should be formed whole body of the Democracy, and will wind up i s evident that one important city must spring up in New-York and. succeed, that a contest might oc- with broken heads and bloody noses. Fourney's *ear the Southern mines, and Colorado is contest- cur in regard to'the candidate to be returned to the Press is savage beyond precedent. It denouncesing the point with two or three towns recently com- House. Of all who may be run, only the three the Beckinridge as the Disunion, party; says that ntxeneed, with the advantage of now having five or highest candidates are entitled to bevoted for there, men nbw set up for leaders whose principles wereposed to this principle. Their course, if sustained into it instruments of the third. The whole thing is Tyler, whose administration it blandly says " wasBut a cloud rests on all securities from that region. citizens, who were present, seemed to appreciate A small lot of first mortgage bonds of the Pittsburgh and swallow as if it was in their own vernacular. and Cor.nelkvillo Railroad were offered in this mar-' square mile. It is anticipated that the labors of .tho to reach the sea which we all believe exi-ts, whCre no-•t Summitr: . and, idci progT-iIIby Mr. E. B. Schnable, who had the „controversy with Judge Black before the Covode Committee. He is well known as a stump speaker, having.cau- vassed Pennsylvania and other States for Mr. Buchanan in 'Ob', and is now one of the most ardentThe taint has thus extended even to good securities.The messengers of the Agricultural Society, Drs." Our plan is this: "Let Breckinridge and Lane both withdraw from theycontest; let Mr. J3ell do the same thing, leaving Edward Everett, the purest and bestCommission will not be fully completed urilil near the close of the present century.—A late letter from Zanibar to the father of Al-flag has yet floated, aud no keel ha-» yet been borne. If yon succeed, you will enroll your name and the names. of your gabuut companions on the list of noble discov^ erei B: not only of early years, but with the repoiute and undaunteid explorers of ih« regions you now go to visit,tain^i t•- «-.)t6thopeJr1 ^Sped'j i11pn?h«!" either ... current ment, 1-: met n-it Tsnn|.fk 9i{ja|9Oothers like him are, who have felt the treachery ofthe /' oldpublic functionary," whose days of powerarc now rapidly drawing to a close, and who willsoon be voted into a hopeless and dreary exile, chase beef as freely as they did sixty days ago. The without carrying to it the sincere attachment of asingle friend. Mr. Schnable succeeded in collecting arotmd him, and interesting the largest attendance during the night, and may be said to have saved the meeting from entire and signal failure. Somebody eke succeeded him, but no one stopped to inquirerumor of the sickness has spread far and wide among them, and made them fearful of being served with sick meat.The oldest Roman Catholic church in the'city hasbeen burned to the bare walls by a firecracker letoff by the boys, whereupon the Mayor has orderedthe sale of these missives to be stopped, and onMonday another fire occurred in the premises of abird fancier, by which 250 canaries and other song-sters were burned or suffocated. This business of the'most enthusiastic meeting ever held by the Democ- grew, under a temperature of from 65° to 70°, six many friendly greetings were exchanged. A • the con-rather than nature; invested one dollar in a quarterof black-tailed deer—the best meat in the world i$225inapeckofcorn meal,and "a very hand-come amount" in milk at fifteen cents per quart,and reached Denver with only three breakdowns,more deeply impressed than ever before with the THE'CAULDRON BUBBLING—THE RIVAL JDEMOCRA- that these dangerous fireworks were prohibited, as beauty and grandeur of the scenery in the Pike's on the last Fourth no less than thirty-six fires were Peak region. The beauty of the climate, however, ClHi?—BRKCKlNRtPGE A DRAG—EFFECTS OF RE- occasioned by them, and only the other day a large did not commend itself to us, for- every night im- PUDIATION—THE FOURTH.racy in this county since the retirement of Andrew inches daily—a specimen of the Bambusa gigajitca of clushyn of thelsc cxercisce, tho assembly passed on board Jackson from public life. Tne dawning of day was the vet8el, and " explored ' every part of her withon the ground.FROMparted an uncomfortable sense of chilliness, and one Froxo Our Own Correspondent.raising song birds is a very extensive one here, and several persons have grown rich from the very smallest beginnings. The manufacture of cages has expanded proportionately, large numbers being made in your city and -sohl hero. It was high time• _PHILADELPHIA-gree ed with the booming of cannon, wnich was kept Burmah, which ranks as the monarch of the species, great interest. The whole proceedings were conducted np at short intervals uiitilthe hour for meeting a m ved. increased eighteen inches in twen'y-four hours. The in admirable etyle, and the oecaeiou will ever be re- • Tne spirit-stirring notee of trumpet, drum; and fife were Bavibusa tulda of Bengal attains its full hight of zhesibered with gratification by those who were soJ -vPHILADELPHIA, July 3, 18G0. Someyearsago a distinguished Philadelphiastable with some twenty valuable horses perished frsm the same cause. The Fourth will be feeblyfollowing letter from Charles Sumner was rend} WASHINGTON, July 1, i8o0.• ••; 'worked over by reporters, and ventilated even by" NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC EXKCPTIVE COMMITTEK) ROWIS, "Washington, J«»o 30/ 1W0. J"SIK: Iveports .have been butily dlsseminatedj in—Jt ie a curious fact that two lakes recembling thoBO—The Washington Constitution says that there ia a Burton and Spike in Eastern Africa^ ai*e hud down oa u«, but must (2,0 back'to. tho era of our Independence,NEW-YORK DAILY -TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, JULY 7, I860.stevexr L*f:wiBh^rianysnch awangement, or CT^rtemed, onethe. '.<ineWhigs,"who are oJaimed " t o con know, even' better &an the next - man, exactly, how proportion tending toward it""lStosf does the^Commfr resolved t© oontinne the geographical and geological i» a circle, arotmd which th« compauvcollected. B rstitut'^_. T- yT largemaiority** of the State, who. are, exploration of that colony, so.'.successfully.begun by eocPefited to nmrch m soM coramBito the polls,; >veryState;w^uldvbte. He gave Buchanan fits,'•c«"o»u*r«s»e)V,+-£Know-NothingsorAmericans,and^persplirationwoweltbAtt.ejVer•^^fg^Smm^mcCum^ane^dfforaSmgt£moment^anysug^eBtfomhmorm^^^Eh^^^^gjffr^m^^, Nsw-Zealandhaswereheldunder>d>eleruponthewharf.Thogall***"•MoldV: eraHy were mojjt encouraging^ and he seemed to .commander and bis h<roic »nd sturdy associates stoo4iavjtauon.oftheCommittee^Dr.JacobBigelo«r<PresT-- S t W f i W l«a»dxed Arapahoe a ^ > p e d » Indian* wi*>cn ordered by half u dozen venal Jeaders.; that drew, groans from the crowd,: with^cries of p1rM»ty^b^made at any time, in any pl*ce,. or .^ndef vahy Dr. Hoeh8tetter. A new earpedhion has been organized, d<nt of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences,<*)»startedafewdaysttncetoattackihe"Utes,'* Nothingiseasierdone. The"planisso«mpl«»•»! *•Ohvdbri'tmentionitI"&He^damnedtheAdmin-; icircumetascsB,withthosewhohaveplacedBreckin- andMr.Maekay,oneofitsmembers;leftNelsonlast calledtheassemblagetoOrder,andpresidedonthe©c~ , *$,W>1 ;;,fereverifiedtheoldSpanishproverb,**3Brentfor istrataoibodily,andleftBreckinridgenowhere,and- ridgeandLanein-nomination,andare.nowtheirDecemberJfortheSouth,withtheiuteotionofcrossing Chsion. '•.•• ''••.' ••••:'•"'. . • M--'.'•••'I/JOO1.000 5*f©0• *S0OH,CKO1is only a wonder that nobody ever thought of it; 1wadand.camehacktoovn.** Tfcey fiiitfturpxise^j'before.'•....^>—~ ;.-,.',": :^'r' ''^-^^ • thiswasthetonethroughout. In thecrowdwere#q-a&ws and pnppoo*e8, l»ut their enemies's©Oa ral- ridge by this charming coalifion, but only to reach j1 Had aid drove them away. They had journeyed 'the House of Kepresentatives,- or, m the language cided success,1 as regards numbers and pluck,' andRev. S. K. Lothrop, D. D offered a fervent.ami( (multitudes ©f I&publicans jand People's men, \who a Tillage of the tftes, and killed a-wmbet. 0f ' Utis-nottwposed t© elect I^ouglas ©rrBreckm- lifttemd with; high relish to thesei extraordinary ti-ivo^ed Bttppoiters, in opposition to Hhe regular nomi- nees of the Dtmocratic party. < ;the Ifew-ZeaJahd Alps and ©f penetratingtothe sources Mimpresnve prayer, alluding to thote who had perwhod ' Brades; ; As a Douglas demonstration it was a de-•eveial hours put their return, and v>ero gmetty of Gen. Webb'B vfriend, ^the electien once m the settles the point that fusion is impossible.. . Yet a' non-intervention by Congress with the subject of Sla- making a careful sturvey of the region paseed over. Gov. Banks was next iutroduced, who addroasod^ I .000. that outcries and disturbances were constantly oc- nations, he hoped that it would remain to this expedi- , -.•»•• "curring, and some sixteen of these mutinous spirits again and again repudiated that principle, and both at stream the expedition is to follow the coast to the tion to crown ail previous Arctic explorations wjth f;were laidhold of by the police. A sharp lookout Charleston and Baltimore declined that they would mouth of the Bnller, ascend the Buller to the lake still greater dificovcriee, and prove that to American .-"'. ZW ' .the disunion programme for the sake of crushing outofDouglas;Thereareindividuals;itistrue,who nolongertakepartmtiehr'Sehberatibns,andwerecon- atractrichinvolcanicindications,andbetween14° phenomena"ofmfignetifm,.heat,andelectricity—andi•.•; l/*r>leven yet are anxious to induce both factions to bury the hatchet and concentrate on a single ticket, butstrained to set up candidates in opposition to thosethe vaiieties of living beings which have inhabited it ard 21° north latitude. Even in the. Winter months from the lemo e^t geological epoch.eelected by the majority, that antagonism still con- the Douglas pluck sticks out with such defiant an- thmes, and is such as must preclude the possibihty ofthe water is seldom less than 80°, reachea84° in Marchversifies these pleasantries by pitching into Johnopposition to the principle of Congressional non-inter- last Summer, in the dryest season of the jear, ascended vention. National Democrats should everywhere meet the river in the steamer Arthur Cotton to Koyicltha, 92rat < n, a»id of the great r^subs hoped to be bbtained. Prof. ,Agaetiz eaid navigation was the measure of:too absurd to waste words upon. The Presidentialelection wiU be decided by the people—in fact, dtmay be said to be settled already, for nothing butthe formality of going to the polls and counting the publican party is no longer denou^pd in these meet- pledged, if elected, to vote; for Stephen A. Douglas for a distance of 143 miles from the sea. In vie w of this the merchants of this cou-- trv were willing to dispatcha vessel for the eole purp se of bringing back knowl- votes is necessary to Lincoln's ssccess. Gen. Webb ings as being sectional. That cry is suddenly dropped. President, and Herschel V. Johnson for' Vice-Presi- discovery, measures are in progress to make the river edge instead of gold. In the name of science through-need not be deceived in the. least about it, and he Neither do you hear a hint of preventing a Republi- dent of the United States. If the Seceders and their commercially useful/and the English Government arc out the world, he bade Dr. Ha>es " God epeed." hrated soda springs, or boiling fountains, from may tell his Democratic friend confidentially, if he can President from taking his seat if constitution- friends choose to separate permanently from the Dem- about establishing depots at Mahadeopure or Chinnar Dr. Bigelow next introduced the Hon. Edward" the scorn of men and devils/"One thing is to be noted as a curiosity—the Re- porting electoral tickets in their respective States, ceeded, without difficulty, in reachingDumagudiem, at mrrce. We had now reached a period, he saidj whea•" committed'to the custody of the Sheriff until it is"paid, and on failure to collect it thus, executions part, it is entirely gratified with Mr. Bell. Bat unfor-' 1 ',the iseue now tendered them, by nominating and sup- miles above its mouth, andia a. smaller, steamer suc-times to the pret>nt golden days oi welt r»>gul«tted com-happens to be an ©flice-holder, to be packed up and ally elected. . That song is no longer sung. The ocratic party, and run a ticket in opposition to the and Cocanada. Troops destined for Nagpoor will here- Ev'ejett as one to whom we cou'd alwajs turn for ad-ready for an early start on the morning of the 5th of March, for the Augean stable is to be cleansed onmasks which the Democracy have worn so longhaving dropped from their faces, the rankness of •regular nominations, let them do so. the sham now stands confessed. To the honor of the responsibility of the result.ticed imposture. . This conviction is so operating —TJie-SavannahRepublicanisinmuch trouble, as a gentleman who bears the honorable reputation. of on thinking minds as to render unsafe any prediction will appear from the followicg paragraph: having predicted, with considerable accuracy, thevice, whether upon.matters of navigation, science, literature or histoiy.rwerefwith soda-. One of them, three feet in diameter, that d?y, and we have got the Hercules to do it.rises from the midst of a large rock, which it has The Douglas meeting last night was a painful human nature let it be said that hundreds.of Demo- "MILES TAYI^OB, Chairman."' intrusted with soda to the thickness of several failure, even to those who did not sympathize with crats frankly confess the grossness of the long-prac-Mr. Everett alluoed to the previous speakers as re- pold McCJintock's recent inves'igations, another Frank- prescn irg the Commonwealth, the City, the Univer-J P 4 and Has to how many thousands of a majority we shall give for Lincoln. i>. " We very much fear that the Opposition are wasting locality in which the traces of. the missing navigator met by the expedition, still, in view of the glorious both their energies and their ammunition in .the great would be found, proposes to leave. England at the close self-sacrifice made by thid gallant band, he thought 'Tbef© . «xd trUpon them boafter be sent by way of the Godavery.. —Notwithstanding the supposed finality of Sir Leo-'. tral H4, n '!You see that the. Pittsburgh repudiation is about Presidential fight. In fact, it is evident to any intelli- of the year with a small vessel anc? a picked crew. ihey should .receive our congratulations iustead of any played out. Chief Justice Lowrie had twelve of gent iwnG" that under, the existing order of battle, Lm-. Proceeding around Cape Horn, he will pass through lees cheerful demonstrations.' They are brave and the Co'uncilmen before him for contempt on Wednes-. coin is bound to be elected by the popular vote. By resolute men, tut,reasonable men. Their resoluteness day. He administered to them as terrible a rebuke the Opposition, we mean the enemies of Squatter Sov- Behring's Straits, and reach a point a little to the is not to be carried iuto.iaslmebs. If we tbougit they a s i f t h e y w e r e g o i n g t o b e h a n g e d . H e t o l d t h e m e r e i g n t y a n d t h e W i l m o t P r o c i s o , a s t h o s i t w o h e r e s i e s s o u t h - w e s t o f t h a t a t t a i n e d b y M c C l i - u t o c k . H i s o b j e c t , w e i e g o i n g t o t h r o w t h e i r l i v e s a w a y , i t w o u l d b etl'8l!: •*-a»e rep resented in the pt-rsons of Douglas and Lincoln. criminal in- us to encourage them to go, and foolhardy predictsthat,inafewyears,theywillbecomeafindasmallgatheringofboysand6pectatoi"slikethatthecommonhonestyoftheworldwasagainstTodefeatbothshouldbeanobjwetheldincommonbylikethatofHallwholeftNewLondonsomeweeksinthemtorunthe risk. . >,1•' I ',•'••••<*:t r a n e HC quit* iit mortlga,' scan^ > Un.W i Secocpopular Summer resort. When .the railroad brings myself, attracted by curiosity, the fine night, a good Jrike's Peak within two days of St. Louis (as it un- band of music, and unattractive stand illuminated doubtedly will within the next Ave years), it is not with a Beni-circlc.of gas jets. The band had been improbable that the pure air, grand scenery, and exerting its best faculties for nearly an hour, with-• other attractions of the Rocky Mountains, will out producing much impression, when one or two draw many of the denizen's of that and other West- little clubs from the wards, with cheap transparen-them, that the Court "must trackyou as criminals,"and impose a fitting fine on each. You will beall patriotic citizens. And now, how shall it be done?" The Bcpujblicantlexi goes on to say that, for its ownsince, is to find further traces and'obiain more precise Though vhe expedition Feemed small and the outfitinformation concerning the fate of the crews of the meager, smaller than he «-ould have wished, yet it wa& Erebus and Terror, - better htfed than weie tbo vrssels of Columbus when: he sailed to discover, this continent of ours. He went'"against your- property will follow in proper tunately, as The Republican- thicks, >>1Southern men"season." They were all accordingly adjudged do not.see in Mr. Bell the man for the times, and .this progress for a kmg.period, and duiing many years has stitious men, and with everything to contend against. .•*t, e r a cities here during the Summer months. cies,,made their appearance, and finally the meet- Two miles from tne fouutains are the celebrated ing was most awkwardly organized, near 9 o'clock.vast wall of stone Is rent asunder, forming a natural be done in that way, was t© read an apologetic let- repudiation, and Allegheny Bonds are now beginning occurred to us menths ago, anu we then gave ifc to our 3,600 square miles, and on the plains at the rate of that you should not penetrate into trie unknown-re-guilty of contempt in refusing to levy a tax for pay- question naturally follows:to. settle their fare, the Court will be disposed to compromise on the candidates. And how is this to'be. or,with our American Bache. The survey proceed* ia•„ more a '*•.', Supplic<ment of interest, and held in $1,000 each,to an- swer sentence of the Court in October next. The1I ;v Micbf,Kleech-like power to enable them to muiutum a footbold in their precarious positions. At one point the ced, appeared on the stand, and'the best that could' (Supreme! Court has effectually killed this viper of work l.s carried on in hillr districs at the rate of about it is possible to do will oe done. It may be God,'S willK"'' ' °^ ^i a hhreaders;werenewit.nowandcommend-ittotheseri-to look up and move again in the share market.' It ous and honest consideration of patriotic and sensible, nearly 1,000 square miles, annually. The yearly aver-m.-..-' •• •rfift1)i;i*?B ?'.->.Wt.decic*;also, disposes of many other similar contested cases.men every where."Then, after allowing a brief space for the waitingage of territory surveyed and mapped throughout the whole extent of the operation is about 16,000 square miles, at an expense of about 15 shillings sterling perEmerson and Elwyn, have returned from their visitto Massachusetts to look into the cattle disease.. man of his day and generation, the compromise candi-locality do they regard it as eontageous. Our retail Carolina." •butchers complain that housekeepers do not pur-It might aetiat the pleasing variety of the Presi- ploring the Lake, and collecting stones and plants. Tnedential list if T)ic Savannah Republican would hoist man who told me this himself ieturnod with the cara-the above ticket at once. It certainly would do no van which Roscher accompanied and Salem ben Ab- brt'ezt'B might blow wherever the voyages might be,FUSION REPUDIATED BY THE DOUGLAS subject:will ke<p me away; but be assured, my Dear Sir, that, vpresent or a >teut, I shall unite.in these vows.: Horry Clay; in the noblest utterance, perhaps, that ever tell from his lips,, eaid that the men who would great eheetB of water lately discovered by Captains repress ail tendencies to liberty and ulcimafce oaianclpir*1. / atiid 1MEN..CIRCULAR." Ilc-re and there wo hear-Of a few who would have ptefen-ed-the nomination of Mr. Douglas, but none BO futally bent on mischief as to be willing to hand over the redeemed land of Jackson to thb mercies of John Bell.;'command of Lieut. Pascal and E'nsign Mage. Cne of. these parties will go as far as the Niger.9&tiBMQFlour 9 -200 bKU Whewt iboic? C dun: '1 at3T;{;. • gcvr: 1. 8$d.; 5 privnu o?ave»»fuegox J Our- V( hack fyTb« cthe shape Of tekgraphic dispatches from Waehington,the officiating clergyman was seduced away on some Summer mornings bring no calm to them, while appealing fcimuhanepuoly in newspapers published in etrong enthusiasm, "on all hands," in behalf of Breck- a map pubhshed in tho French edition .of Dapper's and mnzr.le the cannon, which thunders itl ICitai n>>«l&lse pretense; aiiddlo was procured, and*the event Summer evenings come hot and hissing to their different parts of the Union, to the effect that the inridge and Lane, whom it calls " the national, Consti- African (AmaterdW, 1686). Dapper puts the lakes ^ouo return, He saw, of conr»e, the natural simpWterday morning.• The news Irom the mines is encouraging. In theTheir cauldron is 'up to boiling heat, and it containsVice-Prc&idency, presented for. the suffrages of theof the Lincoloites and Douglasites, and their spojls- None of the geographical journals have jet noticedihe coach, as there are rumors of a company organ- heated term, "beside Using terms toward each otherarrangements for the. running of , electoralJfiom Our Own Corre«t>©nd«»nt.VTAiiUKOToy, July -l m».shadow of that sacred old hall.of the Committee go for Douglas, so that the split augtuatcd in 'Missouri axd New-Jersey, the subject be- nominated E. H. Thomson of FJiut for Congrcoe. Thisaehgst* htet >«* i - $7,000 i Th« (-Chic^j*.Gray's wharf this morning to witness, the ceremoniea sentiment in4ionor of the day. Accept my thtuiks foron the occasion of the departure of tho Arctic Expe- the cou't»fiy you, havo done rae, and behove me; ray-mente looking toward such a result aro.abont to be in- Republicans of tho IVth District of.,Michigan had dition, under command of Dr. Hayes. A goodly, Dear 8ir, with much respect, your faithful servant*. and fellow-dstizen,, CHAllBSAj^U^tNlfH, '•The other section;jaded, anxious, and dispirited souls.. The interval friends of Stephen A. DouglaB and Herschel V. John- tutional, Democratic nominees." " This omhus'iasm," some degrees too far to the south, but their relativeUiC-ai-lhg of that National Act—so plain ou its face that till who n ad or who hewr myst understand, aud he litt'e thought thtft the attempt would bo made so soon to nuzzle tho Decbira.ion it*elf. . ,w a s celebrated by a jovial and protracted " break-down." The happy couple left for California yes- between is cheerless—they have no hour of peace. eon, Dem^CTaiic candidates for the Presidency and sttjs. The Constitution, " as far eclipses the mere brags position is the same as that of Sanganyika and Nyauza.\ • TCalifornia Gulch—eight miles long—there are be ingredients so radically ^antagonistic, that, seethe people by the National Convention recently assembledtween $,000 or 4,000 miners, nearly all making fair .-^'d boil as.it may, there is no solvent in political in Baltimore, were engaged, ia several of the States;wages, and some realizing a* high as #50 per day. chemistry potent enough to Combine them in a ho- with the friends of John C. Breckinridge and JosephThe express which left for the States .on;Thursday mogeneous mass. The week has been 4in exciting Late, candidates designated for the same offices by the candles that are fired on the night of the Fourth. The bestowed the title' of Royal Society of Victoria, and:took i n $15,000 in dust. A guard now accompan ies one with them. The rival factions have had a very seceders from the National Convention, in makinglatter ia accompanied by noise' and shouting, hurrahs, one of the.best naturalitts in the Australian provinces,•^B1I1S1 1UnioL ' iJtemporary heat, &e., but the glory of those things is left Victoria in January with a steamer for Capoized to rob the express at *ome point on the Plains. that were even worse heated than the weather. Let tickets in different States, to be. supported' by evanescent, while the steady and permanent heat of Howe, for the purpose of entering upon a detailed ex- pfeciscly wlutt thev faid; wno,, when annoixcing. ,Fr*ijU< Pa,,, nf 4Alall. ia CO!Tho 1 (J<*>uinc^Fielg^vKit Carson left last evening for his home ia New- me untangle. > tlem jointly in the approaching Preaidential the July sun brings to perfection the rich, substantial amination of the botanical productions of the region ".self-evident truths,'' as the'justification of Inde-iiexico, not yet fully recovered from his surprise at The Democratic Executive Committee of this election, /with the understanding that the vote of products of the soil." The Constitution is strong lying in the-vicinity of that promontory. 'pendence, were not guilty of u mere verbal iiou%ih, fcnd who, when solemnly elnmirg natural rights for A.M. MKN,did not degrade themselves to tlie hvpoci'isy 91*hieaning natural rights for a particular class*©!- astc only. The stttthoi'S ol the Declaration were not idiot*- 01 \-vpocritcs._Were 1 able to take part m our annual celebration, I should be glad to speak on tbis tlu<me, so germane to- the occasion, thai it beems almost to exclude all other.themes. I hope thut I do not go too far if I-enclose .a,the almost miraculous development of this region. city consists of 25 members. Eleven of these are jj|p IFire* have been..raging in the mountains for several officeholders in the Custom-Houso, Post-Office, and jjj&l days, Kghting op the country for miles around with Ntvvy Y ard. Eflorts were made to pack it for-thethe electors, elected by such combinations, shall be given, for Douglas and Johnson, or. for Breckinridgeenough in metaphor, hdwever poorly in other regards..—Major W . D . N e e % ; one of the early settlers of Mahaeha County, Iowa, and for maiiy'years Deputy U. S. Marshal for. the Southern District of that State,FAREWELLTO THE DITION.From The JiotUmTranscript,ARCTIC EXPE-July $.' •fIff a ruddy glare, and cinders being carried by the wind Aduuuislration, but did not quite succeed. Formed and LaaOj aa subsequent events might require. What fifteen miles ixom the scene of the conifagratious. in a auarrel, it is likely to bleak up in arow. These gave rise to these reports, and to what agency their.1.1. are for Breckinridge's Disunion ticket. They circulation is'to be attributed,, wo have no means of de- and a life-long Democrat, has recently left the Demo-in some speculations concerning the Presidentia ratification meeting for last Saturday evening, hi Committee, to be made the subject of a «pecial commu- aidthe IIon/RbJand E. Trowbridge of Birmingham the same place*: It was a great gathering, with im-election, which mny be regarded as quite charac mense fumingat the heat, ihe perspiration* running nication to the known friends of the nominees of the ie the man who will'be elected by the Republicans.^jome lives have undoubtedly been lost.-Notwithstanding the rain, a large assemblage of lit-erary, scientific and mercantile gentlemen gathered at• .-•-•.. -J: ..J • .- '.. ,--•| | I M |cratic party, and declared his intention to give Lincoln-FROM WASHINGTON. tSu '•''; ?the fact that, itla stilted hi some quarters that niove- —The telegraph reported some time ago.that thocalled a ratification meeting for last evening, to be thrah,h)g. Tlio fact of their prevalence, however, isheld in Independence square. Look at'it—Dis- so -notorious that, when it ie taken in connection with and Hamlin his hearty support.union impudently showing its front within thenumber of ladies, were present, who could certainly'* The Courier ami Ewpnrer has recently indulged is thus far maintained, and that eection called its comes one of enfficicnl importaiice, in tho opinion of the is not so.. He appear? to bo the Democratic candidate, brave'• ©no. stormtosoe thoee who aretj face mauy ••• ToJJn.- IIo». K.%VM.IncoIu, Mayor,ice.;•<• ..teristic. Among other things, the public were in io streams from those even on the outside of the 'regular Convention of.-the Democratic party; and/ac-oi!oit> to u-jidcr them evuixw'baxo, cf pjacUoal tofoe—uutU i ; —S. 0. Lamb, eeq., of Greenfield, private secretary 1 The Hon,; Geofgo Folflom, H-nry E. Pienepont, •rfiitvtal lislitH>hAl! hoeon>« ti&SV rf«1»t«, and a I men nhnll'l)* '; U M-•iformedwithgreatgravity©fthesubstanceof conversation,held with " a leading Democrat,"crowd. Everyact,speech,andresolutionofthis cordingly,inobediencetothewishesoftheCommittee, to.'.CollectorWhitLoy,aidCharlesA.Myrickof .esq..,andX>r.GeorgoF.Woodward,,mombersofthoadmittedtob«equaliHitorutheiaw.-*,HKthoVvcvoqoulbvt'oro• ir."^m~j } ; ;: ,, :a o w i s h o p e l e s s . B r e c k i n r i d g e a n d h i s s e t w e r e d e - who was frank enough to put Gen. Webb in pos- nounced without stint. The Southern spoakers•conclave of Douglas men showed that compromiseI now addrer s you this ;curcular..^. ,,. ,, ,;,.. ' r rv. ; " S o f a r a s i s k n o w n t o t h e m e m b e r s o f t h e r e s i d e n tGiecnfield, AMatifi., measurer in the CtiBtom-House, New-York Arctic Committee, were present, and were h a v e b e e n r e m o v e d . M r . L a m b i a t h e e d i t o r , a n d M r . v e r y c o r d i a l l y w e l c o m e d b y o u r e w n c i t b t o n s . A l t h o u g hGoaiV '•' *? ' -:" " « > . ' # -. ; • :. " -.; ,:S T K A L I N G . ) K W B r . u v . - - C h a i ' l c 9 M e r b a o h , a G ^ r i u a u *VbdfitoF 6f'ti£* tfie^details of a wonderful plan, by went violently against compromise, except with the tion of the National Democratic Convention at Balti- which hist week announced its adhesion to Douglas. ditiou would- bo cbmplete, which did not rocogoi/^ Urooca, net with pew!*, and o«b«r «rt1olo<i of jwwlry, Valued atwU6^'-JC|^^..%!0^..'l>e defeated in Ke^v-York, Bell men. Mr. Forsyth of Alabama said the pro- more—no person who deriros the. election of Stephenthen generous contributions of the citizens of Now- $%Q bflouglifg to Lt»ou LoudUmVy of No. &Ka»tltro«d vugr.T Yorkand-Philadelphia, aud the^deopinterestof.the The]>ri^oncrw«»»««>J1"tbrroominvrhteh,onttirmantle-phfCe,'•tood tly>- box o«ntaiulnK thettolon tutlol«>». Mevboch. bad hon-<;.' scientific corps in M'awhingtbn in this national under- 1 u«.hio*>s thp.rc'. and aft«>r b« le!t the j«>welry >vaa uii<niiuj^ uud ha«ITho -.-.,'•Barnurnoughttosecurethat manwithout, delay. T h e s a g a c i o w s c n e m e o f \U*enterprising.citizen"isposaltomakeit.wasthe most impudent thing he Twooftheinspectors have also'-been removed,and ever heard of. Mr. Fields of your State declared I A. Douglas to the Presidency, and of lierachel V. the perilous blade ie Bueponded over the heads of other' #',-•'^xi&:£&^www.fultonhistory.comW+*<-*b...|l•••i •: r.r•Thi*<INew;York to be all right, euro for Douglas, where- l-'-Jowwn to the/Vice-Presidency, has ever expressed .a venturesome dependenta in that admirable institution. taking, i'i - rMi-~>i±i \ -. / j)- • '•;-'•»;ot yet«b««n riwoArtad. Th* HCCU»«d ttM'•t-k»a before Ju»tio» ' iielfy aadjlocJivvl up. .•31 **&fc*••meeting in Nashville last Saturday evening. The openmg paragraph of The Union and American's account of this affair is interesting: . . ;—Some obtervations of a singular, character have Mr. Everet''s remarks were delivered in an animated\t The ratification meeting held by the Democracy of and ufeful production of the East, the bamboo. A Davidson yesterday is said co be by the oldest residents plant in the Royal Botanical Gardens of Edinburgh,Hayes were introduced by him to the company, and- road )B '-••- m \ 21Bonzbmr 0ral ksa fi4«e5Chwaiyx Borliu g <Jeatn)1" ',T:|c 4 bil « u I SignatiX 109]^ V. and nou ' * FrM&heard through our streets. The martial music from Pe.xuon's baud announced to the ; Democracy of Nash- ville that the hour had arrived for them to buckle on their armor, and array themselves under the banner of their glorious chieftains."It was definitely settled by this meeting that the. P>reckiiiridge ticket was to be elected, while the mostseventy, feet in about a month, thus growing at the- astoniriung rate of an inch an hour.—In St. Louis on the Senegal, a Geographical Board has been formed, under, the presidency of Mr. Faid- herde, the Governor of Senegambia, a man who has already done much for the geography of North-West- ernAfrica, Aiiiap?fSeSC£Smbia|st°beconstructedfortunate as to be present.mm i in n .i n — — , — —seeking, mere mercenary demonstrations for their re- this singular coincidence..' . . . The open denial of the life-giving principle of theDeclaration of Independence, now uublAshiugly made,', iivsluttiucatior. of tue Fatherd of the Republic, renders it iinroi tant that our auntml celebrauou tnould be eome- thing mote than a day of ceremony. The time has- c-mo v lieu th-Fathers nuts', be vindicated., I', must be shown that they were intelligent and honest patriots,, who knew what* iho occasion required, and who meantspective candidates, as the light and warmth of tho July sun eclipse that of the sky-rockets and' Roman—Dr. F. Muller, President of the Philosophical In- stitute of Australia, upon which the Queen has lately" -flpPUntitled Document<',*"*W!''(^pS!W|IFV? »''^7»7^W'.''GEOGRAPHICAL."IBWW^.iW." !' • *^V>^It w«s originally intended to hold the service* onof GrayRiver,/where he would establish, a depot of in former attempts of astoilar nature, and im aloring''.The Detnocratic party, as a national party,, stands supplies. Mr. Haaat and the rest of the party weire to the protection of Divine Pi ovidence upon tnot* now M'W'tjnoking their pipes in camp, when the Utes sud- " m regard to the distribution of places, and there clincher to even this was given, by the Breckinridge very in the States or Territories,. Those who seceded They are especially instructed to investigate the. char- his success. He said that he felt, from the first mC* •W&denly ft^vpeii tbeia,kUhngsixo/theirwarriors, "willbenodifiicultyindeterminmgwhoshall-be «ad wounding upward of thirty. The Arapahoe* "elected." How simple!jhc-w easy! As this-sort *ad their allies fled in hot haste to this city, and of stuff has been allowed currency in papers pre-* saeoeeded in amvmg.fcere with sixty stolen horses, tending to intelligence before, it is about, time so and several prisoners in the shape- of wounn and peurile a humbug was exploded—since people whonow where it has stood for years, upon the ground of follow the same route about the middle of January, "toleave for the unknown regions of the Artie eircte*. f"House, and we can make our own arrangements Dr. Hayes, presenting to him the beet wishes of all for [cw! . s,ooo«i.'~*•- c ^50024/CO!fT- 3.(06 1 wo Ph« ' ': "SO***.meetingJast.evening, itwasanabortionast© fromtheBaltimoreConveuiondidsobecausethey acteroftheextensiveocal.districtdiscovereda-few m<ntheljadm*ADr.Hayesthatsuccesswouldcrown; 1 numbers, and was so leavened with Douglafc men wei.eunwihingto.stand on' that gronnd. They have menths since in the vicinity of Gray Biver. From this his effort*. Without cepreciatiug the efforts of other tsever their connection with the majority of ihe dele- region, cross the mountains to West Wanganni, and zeal was due many of *he nnportant; rescdhBof the last|1 -.-gj;• .'•. K t'•'•IP'-a.}--Sm9i |i•1 1 1-.11 |I. j68ti« , ,• 20Del.f; •;»•wa8badforMr. Cushing, and the probability is hewould have. been lynched had he shown himself.;Gen. Xane may be, excellent at a Mexican scrim-mage, but hemiade no show "as a speaker. In fact, .. diate it in' obedience to their' demand. When the ma- an important outbreak among the untamed native in- that glory and suffering go together, and that one is all the' speaking was tame and spiritless. I haveselves into a minority Convention, and nominated arrival of further and more detailed accounts- of the accomplish discoveries begun by hi« predecessor. fle>..•cal Society of Bombay some careful obeer nations on theadvocated;bytheircandidates.;Underthesechcum- temperatureoftheK-dSea,withoutdoubtthewarm- receivedfromhisfriendsheroandelsewhere. Ho',1. ........ . w . , . ^ ^ble heat. This seat of' high: temperature is situated in globe—its tides and its currents, of eea and air—its. 'vOur limits do not allow a« extended report of the modest speech, and firm and manly bearing of D r . any union between them in the support of a common September, however, is the season of greatest warmih, Jlaves.* He spoke of his experience in Arctic regions,Tne speech of Dr. Hay«s was received with great intcrect bj the con>pauy, and all present seemed to feel the. South, necessarily tends, though it may not be s© —Tho-only Indian .rivers heretofore regarded as that, in his case, the right man was ia the rig it place. Mayor Lincoln wa« next introduced. Representing: in part the cap tal of New-England, he desired to offerlinexpedition isonfootinEngland. Mr. ParkerSnow, sity and Science, and said he conld not decline to aid—The great ordnance survey of India has been in forth without tbe ligbt of Pcience,surrounded by super-. 1 • 1Z and I .-- centobeen under the direction of Colonel Waugh, whose Now wc have the; light of science, the benefit of for- mer experience, and the results of other explorations.Magnii touien exctdit aUsitharm. dallah led." Roscher appears to have struck the thai the noble object sought might be gained, aud thatforthe Bal1 a*d 'Everettticket. The Union and AmcrkaV, tjduchcg th«i3 on tha oy the Board. Under its supervision two expeditions will repeat »»• ^bnSi \;6ws to the supx>rt of our*.; Accompanying the letter was this ecntimeut:storms and dangers amid the frozen regions of tho ..!.*. *' P*selsrjttoM of ludpptMjrtrnco*—^Boi«t celebrated by W North:;; '"•' "'./ • . li4tm«l udheivooo to It* »e(/-cvidcnt truth*, tnd b^;«on»t»iitj: 'hit* withes for the success of tne exhibition, and as- sured the Commander, that when ice-bound in thecivihzaaon, and traceu toe parallel down from earlyHe failed in a bold adventure.Mr. Everett COLeluded by wishing that prosperousapplause.Tne officers and men who are to accompany Dr....EETJTJE-R IROM CHAKLI;S SuJ,IfER'~-At the public-, dinner ia Faneuil Hall, Boston, on the 4th inBv-, tho-4I DEAfcSin:!havebeenhonoredbyyourinvitation iticn, must not only blow out the. moral lights around•*ia".• •' -'.,•Tzfvvx* .Mail* &KTh« eroad !«.-ile.- Pwa>tei•#*,oPttafcttf). '.•-':; failri i andit,|t sclle -.»'o Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 