giSrV^-r tl»yw,perfect propriety wear kit plahibloethrough work-a-day steam gauges show rather less than Uie actual particnlarly so aa he had been inatnieledlR |^~retired fiom the contaat, and left the loss of his own originsl capital and hia labor was their misfortune that theirj|[|||giC«IlateaiBrexpenses wsre ag- gravated by the mistaken policy of the Imperial Government, which placed restrictions and pro- hibitions on the Colonial tmde with the American,required, source of trouble and perplexity.I nMMViiMtkiir dsaertion ia laterdabt and years—lack thescience has given to American and Cuban proprie-Engvuer*,The latterof the'The whole is now thing(W daa* MT flcer$, (who command squadrons,) it eiiaBiiilw only for Captain*, token in commtatd m^m.tf"ioptnto their and nndiagniaednncompro-for a series of years, he escapes a prison for life... At the same time it cannot be denied thatthere are creditors, especially smong the Britishcy which had no parallel in any other mechanical force.It is impossible to get the proper work ont ol anengine or boiler when both are overloaded. Theperveited final lla hMad-; the aame opposition to popular free- lfiiia,~)to>fTaaa and enlightenment in tlieir acts. It waa an tlM groonda of humanity that, in the com-Themen, who strive for their reputation and the inter- ests of their employers; but lor one such who gets emplinment, there are hundreds of the same clasa,TaoifAS * Sons, of Philadelphia, have alaa forth a catalogue of valuable invoicea.yjiliif •^'faced thrown awaywhich is aswater) beenas satisfactorilyaccounted for but ex- ;of theof the 81aTe4rade.privileges immigration.of those causedbythe mostandcriminalwho,from sheerat the small sumThe first volume of the new edition of Bjtisaa^t^iidlty. assy that tioilers never blow up when all things areTOCRAOY.Tinil—, tmnMT. 1800.was, doubt.in or diagnat, they lutve daqiairauppiy ;ofa fan meaame ofbe jnetSceiiaTeof a different character from these that money to resident planters, on the lair ground ofso tospeak, upontheflies vrith half-con-mayXhay, eapedaUy, and ftz beyond all othermerchants,rJcmaiea,itthoaght,;faithful slave and- servant of mankind. The fablegrates,1 pUutia,toal- debts continued to increaseuponwatchinggenii escap-preaent centnry, they opposedculpabledespairoffered,Kiey urged .aaammaldacieaae of two and a Iialf r-tba negroea, and that if the samebroughtmen would, if it served no other be at The new " purpose,af fabor dkoold continue to be exacted aa :ofalBTea diminished, the loss would beany year, •and would with ac- augmentThe unfrieudliness of SlsTerylate can be traced to we would not carelessness,hammer knocks down cargoes of'gance of the planters, increased so fatt that nineout of ten estates, at the time of Emancipation, obeyed not the commoneat rules of po- it weie but reeds and straws, or the flax of the apparently in good orderwhoeewill removeThe firm ofeducationalCBAB1.X8 B. NoBTON, turned out of ArPLlflttg' by the pressure of merchandise, also takeathere ; and the London Stereoscopic Oooipaayationg argumentin the mouths— becausedo. Itisand thethither, occupy seeaOH fhwr.Imlim IftheSlave-tradewaiabolishedfar mortgaged beyondliticalseeBegroes,thenengagedinthecultureoftheworking;disadvan- isalwaysintheseboilersthatblowupnnld be utterly extinct 1The of planterspassibledevelopementwater ;"uals bad something wrong)'Wb d^tyheo they petitioned Parliament, baaedbn rsdreaa on the expense of thewUeh prarented them from compet-with the and —proprietor absent, pay attorneys not the signs of the times tliat they refused alljust",.— bad not been alxriiahed.:^_-...,^!^Uiy4iTe yeara later ^wlien Parliament, in—to tka tremendoua preeeure of publicnominal cost. Hany proprietors have since tried the experiment, and have failed, and will continue to fail as long as they neglect the common teach- ings of experience. They will attribute their fail-own resources an ignorant andundisplined people.way, is yet wholly tmfit for the office he holds.This ia no sketch or fancyment colored for effectThree volumes are already out, viz:The Cmatm*at home, fbrmany declared its determlna- to aboliah Slavery in the Weat Indies—the; within bounds. We canThe TronblesomeTb Ikt E*UoT oftkt Iftw- York Timta :He was the owner of the slaves who cul- 'liaitod his property. It waa a matter of doubt ~*^ ''* K he would be campenaated for them at all ^tho event of abolition. Under the old rigime *fjt ifa» not compelled to make the weekly dis- that tlie new order of things would etUl go on hoping that a titae in sugar would furnish him with means to U- ihlalii his most' pressing debts. He dreaded a 'ckance tl^at would certainly expose his bank-** "Bniing all tlda ttne the prosperity of Jamaica'Uda. in 1833. It was not emauclpation orof emancipation that dragged downso fromthe ofits l^'ftali^llt suddenly piimacleThedeterioration progressed l*i6Sqpciity. slowly.Betweenthe 1814 and 1832 the coffee years cropThe "the Navy, under date of May 18, 1858, says :"ramaad.^fltmand;generalbytheSecretary qfand he couldobtain but little sympathy in theirEven from domestic legislation they have sullenly retired, and their places are being fast filled by the people whom they have so long and so vainly tried to keep down. I am not going to rush into ex- travagant admiration at the change, or at popular government as developed in Jamaica. The mass of the inhabitants are still too ignorant to exercise the franchise with discretion, and all are more or less imbued with the prejudices of caste.perfect and defective as it is,Bepresentative"NEWThe exportation ot sugar hadJamaica,OB tl>B decUiMi.«gi<dM»y deereasad from 150,000 hhds., in 1805, to^Wfthe Seniorarose, simply because those who had pre-" broadsiderable competition among that clasa for com-"of ourIl-'Wka also reduced one-half; and during the fiftyreign.Theinterests,workingofSlavery, tieyondIyaara'preceded emancipationchief cause of an unceasing depression.progress,more than in the success of large plantations, theita Jegleathe and the property, and the newspapoa, with advertisements of human auction salea, aad-CM**. Biit|b<ri)tkli wms not dreamt of when thekeep tonp roodsinNor are the new class of resident plantera who have appeared in Jamaica vrithin ten yeara past bycontinually usingit.Engineers,thatthat 200 sugar estates were atnndoned. TheIrj^lBtaia say. that the £sar ofThe sum received by the planter for hia slaves waa Instiffi-of culture, the houses andchurches,padpla \abolition rMBaad:Aeatowltfa4nw ea^al from their es-;apparentthe " HclKTOBa-at the{SMi»*.«f^teaka aat in. While the Slave4radeliwyat^apanilonover urn fiopettiet had been l^lM^rtllil ijaaeilsd, too, for tlie same cause thatrepairbody,respectand es-for the Roanoke. the arrival of the tations, informing himself by actual inspeettoB of Uponto ]t1t> nairied on with profit to the proprietor, andtors. and labor are both Capitaland those representing it.of affairs. He dwellsIt ial^'4M*rom^'<lo"> hardly necessary say,needed, but the Louisiana planter makes twice the quantity offrom an acre of land that a Jamaicadoes. Nevertheless, it is a fact, of which I have not,which labors beside them. Now, surely this is wrong>WftXiIilayehoMer,and to the q>posedonlyand that if any of moral snasleapower *-ia heof ultimatethe eoo- parative results to the South and to the N<nth of a dissolution of the Union, which he holds wouldsucceas, require* an at the ontaet, but to the losaea that unfavorable sea- ifkx-fiafBMittir antalL I cannot do l>etter• MM^erkaM, fifoea Mt. Bdwabos' Uittory ofSlavery, enlarges upont chances—and at the ssme time look after the TitanFlag-Officer HcIaioSB was compelled to;onlysugarplanterl-tefuunlly tanninatlBg In perplexity and disap-miring their polish, Ac,ared(dng at all mand of the Bostonone who the Commandant offollysnshwilitiiiBnt Ilr.EdwaxdbOwn, an IhiNavy-yardjL< "Dmproceeds to say total amount of the annual:these successful olanters has considerably In- In preparing a new edition of hisrankedMcImtosh and, althoughuponII««1M l.<**i-.ofs»gar) £2,150,Faot/mtU Anetktr World, kas publicly advertlMd for well-aathenUcated ghost stories, Acconliiy; to aFlag-officerI-Aa^fjoaemoiety, the planter,wereeconomicallymanaged,formits out work,ridiculous. ShalltheUnitedStatesofAmer- fcierebmelayrrested in their glorious career, by two hoa- compensate for it. It would wear the w hich he wae entitled to and dred thousand slave-holders, who insist upon flog-I .^ajW.profitto capital,iSquadron which he was instructed by the Secretary of the"of aU kinds(on which is;When, from the ignorance of the partiea in "laprecisely one-halfwere all man of capital, and that theirproperties tale told by ttteplainflag," (be- permitISffifi'*»JS""'^lrr*W?LSKt* '•'• P°'M absent, he ofwliilst the little mouse which makes the mountainstyle.annual tax of f6 j' «mi>^ perSt Tincent's, under date of Feb. M, In thestrainThe truth U, that at St. Vtaeent'strobe, a Novice saw from the I8thcfficer UclKTOSH could not have leomftfc y>Iw. OB tiWinMWne of Us augar and rum forfoUowlngnear La- where. Every Kianufacturer will bear witness tomay speedily go and blood."down but not in a aea of ;fkliaM?9PW«M»ui^n^temm.vast estatesplethem- They expectedathe Geaeral shipreceiving shipGreat Bri-flfi^Sn'^^nuT^°T personswho havepeasant.of a heavy tax on the Britishorder that they, wlio gave notliing in return, mightlive in sumptuous and easy luxury. They have andtheghoetdlsajipeared. Datey^^^ry^JgWI.-y. "» ^^^wont work, In order to raise up a seam-since thiy luirkr'very hard, andareinside of. thesasBMt aHs|faM.impendingHome and Squadron,blueof Jamaica sugar cul- dzty yean ifo. EUnMelf a planter, aWttth^liet,ttlfBtancealed his wretched poverty. I speak generally,for I do not doubt that there were many excep-tional cases. Hany of the three hundred estates his boiler andalxriitionof the Kave-trade, tlte author represents that the estates jH tkat time were very much understocked withwe remember that there are4»vaa, and speaks of a West-India pr(^>ertyoflottery," givingaantare, and awakening extravagant hopes, too— then and are successful stillregeneration, however small its com-mismanagement use of power.wages, all our discord at an end, It does seem abeordOMt lUsfttpeciesinaugurated bywith so mncii care and pioaiWag to be in com- such blessings to ths world, should be dlsatsoi-it is estimatedvery tramped upand steamer. He saw the and countrybirth to a of ad- spirit—and sincewhen the general abandonment of estates may bein theW. 0. 8. the City which owners look upon with pride, ad. mand ? But theremmmmi •;-»^»• 'V ^^''T^rTf LjmM Bjiill »Jl'ilJI»ii iir JMiAicA. paint, bnt a aUUfnl nraetitioDer knows where to has provtd injurious to the best interests of Ja-BOII.ER EXPIA>8ION8.Tke Vie of Stcan Power ! tke Cttr.diate seat of the power, aa a mate breakage of employment of steam aa a mechanical agent in raachinery rarely occaaieaa loae of Ufie; the re-City,"the work ofsugar after Emancipation who were successful mencement, has been at leasteconomy engines induced to their laborers honest payasstop ; ha ia aware tnat very large sums must be azpcnded fat the purchase of the freehold, and incuse for a onrnt boiler, ajid no proprietor ahonidtake one. boiler the imme- The Ja onqaeatlrBMihlyby theNavy Department upon the 1 "plate blue flags" bemg wornto createfor their claas by the £tlse aatertion that the negro would neither work for love or money, they had a want of labor, there cannot be a doubt that, like the Hanritiua, Guiana, as Trini- but the time soon arrives when a further dad, Jsmaica at thia day would have an ampleadvance Is requisite to give life and activityto the system by tike addition of the negroes and population.tba £xatCoDiidering the vast and almost onlrersalof clearing and planting the landa and eiactlng the bnUdloga, before anyepantiaoabe made. One-tliird of the money simply urgedeach other and; it nothat, astli«r "plainblue(M"cClubit) ml^ vkkkthus he haa, furnished expended perhaps,;caniemiaeliief lathe prac-9»^WM acianifitate no longer the atock. Now then ia the moment for or Plantocncr," that aided the letter of the toI don't deny that the planters of Jamaica have a had misfortunes to contend with. It was theirpart of the City and note the coantleae exhaoatslife becomes a course of experiments;and if ruindecrees,save it be in theTrade-SaleCatalogue,a volume of380wereBhitb,Co., pnfaBalMaa ofwhenthat it will now command. Nor is it so un-been this.from defective oryears ago,pricelike the cultivation of thethat not be recognized, for half a has centurysugarthe wholesomeenumerate these causes of the decline otthey have been- so oftei* spoken of by other writers—they are so perfectly obvious to anr un-anyminish in effect and usefulness, work it still smongThey were evils sufficiently serious to ruin the Island had Emanci-expressionofopinion mayprejudiced inquirer after truth.into an abtruse sci-entificto the grant abuses practiced, and show the remedy. Itis not at this age of the world that steam has be-never takenand destroyed credit, and without these it wouldpationplace. Theyexiiaustedcapital ernment m Jamaica is greatlythe writer. Ofhe saw little in liiebe impossible for any cotmtry to flourish.come uncontrollable, and boilersSince Emancipation, this want of capital haa been thebuilt bed iron," and a host of other technicali-cienttopayoShismortgages heliadno ;beai^ig dered there for the purpose ofplain mizzen,flag" was or-to improve his estate ormoneyhe had noborwas the inevitable conaequence f His mortgageswere foreclosed he reduced his ;sold small lots to settlers to meetthe roads were so bsd that thesugar to the shipping port became one of his heavi-;he had nomoneyto meetwork their estates with prudence and economy,he brings to us very little, in short, thsthehad noexchangingthatPro-Slavery pleaabut he spent no time on;pian-tion ;build tramways ;should command theand be held to a strict accountability for thatest items of expenditure;the lal>orars whom hethathaul down the insignia of his .command, althoughto neglected paywentelsewhere the ;ofmis- fortune came and overwhelmed him with ruin.Be was bsnknipt before ^nancipationbut it wasIf a man be an he engineer,upondesignating that ship as the flag-ship of the Squad- this measure, (Disunion,) thaa to live la awhan contingent creased. I need not pause to explain that they Bmmtary ^ estate yielding 200Begisterthat Yard could not wear a cause not entitled to do so,):crushed by the locomotive, they so grcMSd ttie track that ttie ponderous engine could not move. Tiie obstruction, real as It was, struck every ooa as su-returaa, leaving the other orfor both assertions are proved to demonstration by the fact thai onlyPittsburgh papers, he can be accom- aiodstsdWillisaeicellentoneatshortuoUce. Someandnomore,clear Uu^saven per cent, on his^•M^i,goes and steam is raised totheballonthesafetyvalveoftheHometomakmg any allowancecon- firmed In a formal lettsr, addressed to the editor of"that B. who— flag"either,— the Com- had never worn a plain blue flag !" Nothwithstandhig this; ^°''WhoIspv>er, by Wuua, Abbot," writes fromplainly to be seen.These men must get aa whiteor, the^dcoMalitea.t«kiaagant. Withtheseand borofearly foreshadowing_BROAD. J- B. Ijujaeeii hIs? 'I'tJ toa^ aolUngAbbey, Septemberthe BostonofKg *»A aiaVaeaalilBaa oeeasioBed fires^yfc^the dsvasta-face Ifmisfortune.they thoughtto the IMh November, I8$», every day, from 11 to It o'deekthe trath of theani1THE SLATEHOI.DER Co.. Pblladrlphia..\by nrieanes, Hemoyjtar *> • f«w hours theengineer will result in filling his oflSceofno otherthe Island's decline. puttingheritage pass away without a living struggle to re- deem it. They have complained loudly enough,kweaUnot help him. R«wanted havebeenveus Meta; If employed tometeherethe Secretary of the Navy issued the following "General Order:""Navy-yards, wtio, by squad- roD, will b« allowed to wear the Flag authorised byand have waited in the modestthe Government of England would wrong the peo-to relievetoIn commsiidthe__As forEnglandMay 18,18S8,oainiterated and reiterated the false accusation thatimpositionnation,periodleaiaa»4 police reports aawqi^ieis,negrotovery thankful ecnueqna^lookingdirk side - e-/^ib»Kiw. IMw»MJ»veryeasytopresent"L*2*?.." «om',and ingjaatificati<mfef^snaelves,andtheyhave tloa:that lbsI tol^rticipate inptoea hold out vWtorertode-done an they conid to bring liim again under aand,Badeaoagft.aaldwho had already died at the AMif, aa aae wae yet; .-ttt- .tatica bf Ufa in New-Orleaw, '^^^^^Tf'SmM tMonats in ths ""WfJlil^lCrSJSyoke of coercion. inaumtheyNavy-yard.of the British of people, andt«^*»waspresent day that it can-ofproportion badly-bracedpatit keepmoney in bare cultiva-ofFlag-Officercultivation pressing wantsdaytheof the assuminghad directed thatthe command of the Home;many Jamaica planters who look after their ownoughtnot to tie.slave, and declares thatColorado, "It oertahily would be much better to alvtexpectationthatbesides this the oheerve the stitotMtgetCaptainsorder of tbe Cep&rtmeot,ofhave commanded aBy tkeee meaaa they aucceadedla Reavsn, bnt saArlw ia Pwrgmnh TUsUlnsubstsace&e <he& A4cUntitled Docn't do that, becauseentdon't know enough.Torkoppres-pressure, we csn conceive of wliatof theNavy that"andto thsnk his stars if, consoling himself with only capital was thus withdrawn from the Island.itonaR«(«rded—their petitloBa hare been ovm price, commonly for his first advance,Europeselves ;being obliged to receiveWeat compelled moneymortgagetheir estatesthat theirhsB been remarked, the are in cylinders manypavment,j§li|^|j|i«Ui0 yeraiatency of their own hostile at- together. I have known plantations transferred favorable season overtook them they lifted upin this manner which are a burthen instead of alaiapitoentationa,totheaelfiah* benefittotheholder and ;theireyesinhopelessbankruptcy. Itwastheira significance at this late day which is almostThere is urgent need of a thorough and radicalunprofitable or lose theirAote, and propdr aaUoB taken upon the subject by the Navy DepartlMBt ; fortheinsigniaoftheirrankandcommaaBlaaarethat favorable crops, and an advance inreformfrom toAlpha Omega.Public safety asliept up solelyinmisfortune thatprophetic. And yet all around, from every quar-amongthe prices of West Indian produce, may some time found too many like those whom, sixty years ago,ofcountry, comes, metaphori- and the most immediate relief is in the employ- sole object of this communication.;he ;latter-day"plainblueflag,"communicated1853, »«"daysI** !." '! "C .^ "troea. or for the wesr aad But the old Plantocraey steadily and fatally ig- pailtlon of a Benedfctine monk to a novice at St. Via- exertions of men to keep their engines going,however, a shilling forfirst-classnored, in early as in later times,shnuk from the idea their own ahoulders to the wheel. In the days of their prosperity they never faced la- ; hi the days of th^ advereity they did notbe laughable, if it were a matter for to seethe jest,ging Instead of paying their servants ?'""fhe selections are a fair example of Mr. ABBOITi«»l2Lr*lS?r' "^ anppoeing, too, that the pro-the real causes of cent's Abbey, near Lat robe, Pa. Ttte Is storyNavy to boit>t!redHe cencludes with the of a fer- expressionwithout malung goodestates are in cultivationto-day.t lletrl NEW-YORK, TUESDAY. MARCH 13, 1880.maica. instead of If,tryingsympathysion, by law,Ij.iMN^^and a* atill aomeithtt In* gidden harveat. U the pnqwrty answers expecta- misfortune that they inherited a system of labor proceeding of the or the boom of the every street snd vault in the City, and this, with coBraiI*i-ewUttafMwof puty iplrit cious creditor, fapstead of giving further aid, or leav- their misfortune thatat luiTe luiiiAl>d their pride or ing his too confident debtor to make the best ofIhakbtUeT; tt theb own hooM uid oni)iinnik"a)>d in pniUc wheDerartnop- wage, onder diSsreut guUes'a cnne eonld nottheir misfortune that, withbi the centnry prior to Emancipation, there were over thirty servile in- surrectionsin theIsland, eachone of which en- tailed ain of sight. . ''AmUbor. BMu•p<riitical Wmi%l6^(^n\o hmn tte dwUnie. of thegiven forhndness, theyThesedifficultiesbetweenofEceraof'iWriMbin ourMiAM'irifri(^tatttlon and use, be led to the inference that every meana which science had adopted, or ingenuitycreased andfacDItlea proeperitrhis way by his own exertions, pleads a sudden and nnaxpaeted MnargAcy, and inaiats on the imme- diate repayment of the sum already lent. Thelaw OB this occasion is far from— being chargeablewith delay and avarice is inexorable. A sale ishurriedonandnobidders fiut the creditor appearforce of withcided that tvio " blue plainreapfrom iron and brazen throata, hear thepowerciMf of Sjuadrtiu, Rtau. WKaa"*!sold for treble the maica, alone of all the British Westaccidents arising boilera is not a tithetheir value. The cred-iters were English merchants who vainly tried to spared no land. It was their fault thatSt,verted to them. How could do so 7 Estates theythat yieldsd an average annual income of seven to noand steamend but ruin. It was their fault tsgeously, as to the application andlafage in the same Wper ctot., with the proprietor resident, could not, that they listened to no warning— they heeded thatforalone shows will findn» oc- furnish a tiandsome bronze btttand theof athe Island merchahtsoligarchy of a Planter'smoral, political, and educational, of the people, are more eared for, and in their muchney of the actualtariffuponpennanent prosperity of the laland most assuredly upon depends.and it is subjectto those least that the reform mustthough theyadvantagesthatentitled to wear ato Flag-officer HcIflTOSH a letter from the Secre-tary of the Navy, in reply to one of inquiry from present aspect politicalparthad ample proof in all parts of the Island, thatSecretaryNavyofficer,be the sure forerunner of theemancipatiaD of thehis Emancipation hat tore down the veil which con- business have relieved their estates from incum- mast give his time and attention to that solely and Squadron,brance, and are, even now, making handsome fior-tues. Since 1868 as many properties have been any thingresuscitated as abandonedin cultivation at the present day are exceptioos. of the or later accident is theand I regard it as one engine. most favorable aigns of improvement thatwofulmwsaidtohaveceasedinJamaica,thenumberof AVxBiTABLZGhosi.—Mr.BobutOali thedutywhichtheyshoulddo,orwould,intheThere were planters who continued to cultivatetherefore,correctlyunderstoodsinceeireumstantlal narrative of the appearance of the ap-Theyfreedom the worst system of A. at from 12 to S o'clock In tits theH., night, appa-labor isliving somewhere, and if there were no demand forMgy.?J««rs,Itlaaetwoqteliathattheprofits laborintheworld,theirmanhoodshouldIiave ritionofaBenedictiBeHonklahUfullfasGval dreaa. After aU, he asked him In tba presence ofIItrouble,flag, to command,The author of this work,traasportiivWiaaalf^ttawithKnglaad, hto aagneztraordlaary:employ assertion, that an advertisement forwith a mob of half-grown men and boys, who all pro-simply mandant "STKuGHAif, Kavy.yard,;does,ofNewfotmdland to the Biver Amazon. Was itthe Ptttstnirgh DisfaXch published a veryaniilfiwwtly Ax^adle^a aotUng^ or, ^that, tanght them to make the most of what was done aaothei saemher of 8ia orler, what be wanted. The duce reference end testimonials as to char- was ordered by the Navy Department |preferablemands with the established.necessityjovr- whatBut im-go publicpendantand therewas, besides,a con-Gov-paper,but to callattention to the fla-;''" pisinItthe welfare and prosperity of thousands depend,inoperative, snd an evil instead of^ benefit, and a tion for the "broad pendant," teat inteadH 'Mbprotective'; the aame disregard of tmth in their putes his misfortune to any cause, rather than to 1846. It was their misfortune to liave been dis- against the carelessness of those in charge. For weeks ago m the Board of Aldermen, and has comprising 8,000 distinct titles, and aboot 1— He economy that they saved no labor and spinner.;theyWooDiLurliooks, will also occupy toaam. Xr.theyha ittwnantled within thirty yeara, and the keep up the cultivation of the property that re- not labor themselves, but were absentees from a bank bill, escaping at every crack and crevice, plosions^~iwr aatattia of Jamaica, it -waa prophesied,;theirestates,andfollowedaroadthatcouldleadblowingof it, as if it had not costyearaowners of such concerns,Indies,ISSLm^ESJS?*^vrfihanItaboaatedadvantagss, endcouldneveragainbeundone. Theyvroold aiiKlkeaaaswersdthatheiiadbeessu&rlng7T acter and capacity, and who confidently deed,wasanyfurthernoticetokenofthisimpor- Georgia,inwhichhedeacilbeaMMonsasaasssal |ISSk^t?^*^??V"^•miU-stogeahontthe notgiveitafairtrial,butpreferredto leetheir Manalready,beeaasebehadnotsaidsevenIfasist undertake duties of wldch they cannot tantmatter,untilthe26thSeptember,1859,whenIkat ha had appeared to sevea other B(MdIctlaeii tt dlStrent times, aad had not been heard: aattn^the wotUd have to appear after 11of oblinUoa;have but the Bow slightest possible experience.do they get this superficial knowledge 1 they mustaad the remarks to thetbee«aMvseavre'n>lfaaaea"eaid for faha : —aesa <*• state of metals aadaf cgriaie aoMaig the peop>««^»NKovitcee BsbteonsHm, t>o«r a"e•v•eta- day's-,elleisce aad retreaet., anaamovrBe, ha should ssy for •"•baieUtedaaifUsita»|t«yiedont ThiT^^dSiifti^aS "ftToMs««^has Englishssth of December, wha tte ^'»»"'?« «2fS.»|S?7 this timefcehadNavy-yaidappeareaseveralffiSe •«!*». •TM^.<> ftL'^T*" most impressively to prayhr the Ssab m ^Wf^'t«>M4'BalMiafoU exhibit of "thelUs to CatUtt society is strongly draw, trntshaiid Commodote Bkxtti, in commaiid ablf^^J^J.of November ttU thefuel, and property which has cost the msaafactuier many a hard dollar.say under their onmrnsiwplaceeUppedfhimboc^ ai mlmtiIthe mano&etnres and commerce oflheone caae Anotherfruftfnlgenerating apparatas.Flagofsystem in its development and applIcatlo,nwonld at 80, 90 and 100 pounds per square inch is not bywould thatmoremethodinits supposeuse,more ticeofhe employed. If we walk the any means uncommon, and ilwe reckon thatBa("ajba(-rtion and the land promiae great returns, the saga- that demanded extravagant expenditure. It waa shrill whistle saw, duller iioilers patched and mended until they are no flag Not ao, howeyar. The CoHtheand every one sees that a further sum will be in some esses, brought them to the verge of rain.Navy cauld not takewhich was formerly amply laiga eoongh for the proper mode of ascertainingand fiiliis halJi^Sahimself.Ready moneyiarequiredinpayment,heavy expenae uponproprietary, and,double theirmacmaety, conaeqnantlytheengineplaceifIhaM^tETasolabor, that, even under Freedom, the effect of suchhammer, and see the mighty genii which exerts all longer able to bear the strain. It is conceded that the Yard referred the matter to the fSlaverydeeplydegradedto obtain theandwe are infoimad the]speedily be remored.- It waseach other;jNJfe^jlig^ knter lire. Oae ifter another the wanting to make the estate productive. Few It was their misfortune that, with the rise and developed, would he employed to make it saving work ia no longer so ; instead Of almnly inereas- bly, their respective rank. "fThe NaraiMMaii ia« afalMn of eoeidon to -nlieh thej therefore have the means, who have errn the progress of the United States, Jamaica lost the and economical in ita action ; that leaky jointa ing the bore of the cylinder, and adding to the should put it forever at rest, either '.^iM^ilfiviraand the piston : properly burnt,under this state ofthings there is asigcatein command, or hrbeanawaptanjray. TheircomidainUprominentpositionsheonceoccupiedaaadlpAtstopped that fuel wasleakagespermitted;second or thirdwish, eScacionslv to assist the devoted victim.Thus the creditor gets the estate at hiswereand no morepower in that way, they run np the pressure ontion of the additional red and ^akiU flagt,' U i^wfor the trade betweenwhile the miserable debtor has reason to Uain, and that a large amount of commercialeconomicallythis force, slowly uncoiling in sinuous wreaths from ita piiaon, the mppodtion would he thatthe necessary elasticity snd expansive steam, high pressure is required, but even thia load on the safety valve the object of ex- pansion, and consequent economy in fuel is not at-Navy;great care and orertlght must be employed to pre-serve so vast a motor unimpaired in its effects ;and considering the expense attending its introdnc- place employ steam aa a motor \rj reason of in-For it ia, unquestionably, the king of motorsmetad out to have been described, who, having advanced th§ir Republic. It was their misfortune that they were and when properly used and controlled, the sumed gases and vapors out of the chimney, in- yards, vcho hare commanded a -fTtirfrwi'hare had to bear the brunt of, attack. Bnt thia i» not a little India estates inthe shore andengine.reciprocalcompelled,tale, standingphilo-sophical machine as the boiler and As recurring difficulties often involvingbenefit, liave beenmuch them-never adequately paid for their slsve property. It wastheirmisfortunethattheyfoundthemselves—stead of maintaining the proper combustion which vihe command otu.ie necessary in so eminently a scientific and It is to be hoped that, inview of th<their inclination, to becomeagamst planters—and who him whatever he asked hu continual there be now some definiteof the fisherman in the Arabian—personaUties lietween officers of high rank la oarmatterCatalogues of sales of coins, auto iw gri|and private librariea, to iw1^^ the Jamaica proprietary. Throughout fortunate.every sanguine adventurer takes for grant- no consent to be taxed to steam, and not those who use it but if their at- perience in the control of steam, it would do more Applrohb and Bakos, M^wib A COl, :"ftair aiou, aad to the miatakea of their thehopetheyter and section of thewell as private imperitively demand it ; enteiprisejust pride among them. That tt tke Yonra, very fiitiilUly. ^I.ITBK&BT.or other invite purchasers. Thus oppression in Bbtjjc EDW.1BD8 likened to Cornish wreckers. It cally speaking, the sound of rent and flying ment of suitable and safe men in preference to the ar»lki»«caiioaa andinatmetiTe atudy to tracit the one class of creditors, and gross injustice towards was their misfortune that, between 1815 and 1825, timbers, of buildings shivered and falling in rains ; mere tyro who is content to work for a pit-did Weat Indianand another, contribute equally to keep up cultivation the of theirwhile the cry of human beings, mingled with tance ; and men can be found if there is any de-aocial and political, the same self-complained;plantocraey in a if the risks and losses aregreat staple fell twenty-five perii have attampted anch an inTidiona task in countrjr where,great, the gaina are commensurate In ttiis, aspricecent.—that between 1825 and 1835 it fell anotherthe hiss of the innocent sorrow, and adds anotherhearts withto themand for their services. It is not so much a mat-—lattarirain Barbadoe, I moat, to make in all other enterprises where aucceaa depends in twenty-five per cent. and that between 1835 andsteam, casualtyter of legislation as of individual attention. If all already parties employing engineers took care to see that they had a really good and eflScient person whoany degree on human sagacity and prndence,though 1860 it fell twenty-five per cent, yet again. It long list summed up againstofdisposed thbSpdncit.rjotdamtood, attempt it again with special perhaps not more than one man in fifty comes away was their misfortune that tlie British nation would The immediate outcry of the public is againat the had served his time at the trade, and had had ex- are in preparation. In addition to thnae rf theed that he shsll be that one. Thus his of systemlonger and that thesupport them,;towards the evils of thanLxAviTT & Co. have issued theirof " tiesthe surface interested in the come from thosedifficultyas agave for,maychecking years of enactments andhis own want of capacity or foresight." trusted at home and and to have been the in nearly all cases of explosion or which since been unheard of. There is no lack of men volumea. This sale will commence oo abroad, collapseThis is a picture ot Jamaica cultivation aixty victims of a jealousy that refused for yeara to Ja- have occurred the real cause of the trouble has in the profession, conscientious, Indefatigable day, 29th instant, continuing for a weak.West India tention was directed to the real cause of the acci-lyiiSl he fimad at the root of all their should l>e the consequence of his rashness, he im- sugars should have been abolished bv the law of dent, in nearly all cases the complaint would be matter of Inspectors, which was taken up someotherliighar in the scale and make it more available still ?nsvy, however,will tend to mollify thaupIt is not the intention tosoonfills alladvantagesBut it waa their fault that, under the moat ex- neglect, and the most outrageous incapacity on the seek other occupations. The employment of such Novels will be issued in about a month.are. A walkthen only taking root, have since overshadowed they prosecuted a precarious business in the will soon convince the most skeptical upon this death and dismay caused. Uetropolitan Hotel, is to' be a literary diftt,y the Island. Hypothecation, rendered necessary by spirit of reckless gamblera. It was their fault point. He may see in too many of them the most In conclusion we would remark, that although much after the pattern of the Applskuh'the expenaes of the Slave system, and thfi extrava- thst they wssted this substance in riotous utter contempt of the power which rends bars and every case of explosion which has occurred of building. Baxgs, Hxswia & Co., the anepart of those in whoselabor-saving arta. The evils, however, which were recUess and improvident. It waa their fault that through the factoriea and workshops of the City where, and some one be held responsible for the Broadway, aboea theto the Jsmaicaplanterbut littleknowledgeof thepensive systemof lalwrknown, they were evercharge theyleast the means of fastening the blame some- tion at No*. 594 and 596living. It wastheirfaultthatbolts, and the inflexible sinews of steel astueythoughmay money waated and literally a matter which has never (save in the absence ofheat,while thaproprietors tried the impoasibie experiment and ameliorating the condition of the slaves, until the ing no time to attend to it now, sit unconcernedly midable terms, have had the trouble laid at theiroverseer, and still be worked at a profit. Many schemes for and even gradual emancipation,house.The newJil. winMiiil a ceaattnt supply o( fresh labor, withiea and conntriea in which the African failed, while their agents and overseers made crushing weight of public opmion broke the chain by, not knowing that their lives and property are doorEnglish edition of BuLwaa'a has found its way to the New-York1but the chief cause in most cases will be money, or ultimately bought In the estate at a ot Slavery asunder, and threw anddenly upon their at the mercy of a man who, good enough in his foand—unreliable men and reckieas owners.dent proprietor may be found to-day for every non- resident. •But the seeds o< the evil were sownnegro with a ruin for which they themselves are only responsible.der-head, the deposit of no one knows how manyorder " issuedproprietary permanent nominallymachine,forculiar element in the world than steam in itaeven those who wereresidentssafetyandeconomy.more pe-action,dent " wasworn,broad-peii«PUBLICATIONS. SOUTH AND NORTH. By Jom S. C. Aaaen.air & Absott.The tone of conciliation and kindoeaa irtdehpervades Mr. Abbott'8 account of a to Cnba tripand the South, made last December, sad of the impressions received by the author at the tliBewith legard to Slavery,bostijity wliich his freeexcite. The first part of the volume consists of ajournal giving the and reflectiona of experiencesabsentees.the boiler and There is not aAnd usuallyof theand to it and its results, moreofitscivilizstionandtended that the appendages, at theplain blue flag where theIt was their faults of drove the Creoles fromandplantations, that left theOUB NAVY.and My Novel The style is sma a^ re- octavo,markably neat and attractive. The ffqmiit of ItHS and 1604 also came out in the last steamet. Die texts of the two editions are printed in paiaHelineaaa d to demonatrate tlie of ure to any bat the right cause. They shut their tion, and kept morality at the lowest ebb. It is in this City where unsafe steam pressure is em- AfisBtara ye cheapness (irinaiibar aa eooqiared with the free labor about 3iAiMlt to ha introduced. ESmancipation, they said,to the factpresent, the successful estates in Jsmaica have al- which there is nospecial authority of Congress conferred upon Csptains.tfACTi in command 0/ tquadrons, the title places of "Flag Officers;" and the President of thecolumns, and the is excellent. typographyThe Comhill Magazine is getting into exeyestliat,in timespastsnd in timestheir fault under a ployed, and will continue tountil itbe,endsways had, and have still, resident proprietors. Ab-'^mh eoontries where Slavery continued to exist senteeism, it is true, is less prevalent now than past misfortunes, but have been content to bemoan cuted in their several details, are nothing but apopulationignorance, that discouraged educa-lypointbrave attempt to redeem past errors and retrieve where the engines, beautifully designed and exeItla not to be wondered at that the plantar thus it was about the period of Emancipation. A resi- their fate in passive complaint, and to saddle the mass of slime and grease from bed-plate to cylin- insignia of their rank.cellent favor among American readers, if vre may~4WBldnibl than,andpreclude any competitionUnitedStates authorized the Secretary of thethat,system of freedom fromfinally outpolicygovernment thathighly wrought state it is speaking most strict-1—This was the old Plantocraey the generous,andNo couLtr>', since the world was made, were itsresources tenfold greater than those of Jamaica,could continue to prosper with the large body of They command no credit and no respect, and they necessity of looking among the usually unsearchedandthefruitmustbeUiiesisnsitsyearsltd landedpassed half the year in Europe, and spent theirmoney there. England was always their home,and Jamaica merely a place out of which the mostwas to be made. I feel it almost a to plagiarismthough ratheryears ago,reaped.calmly by,the esse where everything is visible, where is theverybriefhospitable, improvident, domineering Plantocraey ofJamaica. Tbeirpowernolongerpredominates.equadrons, they tkali wear a plain bluejlag," &c,, &c« Therecanbenod6ubtthatitwaa in*ordered a new orders for tiie coming numbers.misfortune. portionstoperfect;allhave made no in disaster and ruin. We can relapse, they point-weeks of inattention andneglect, whilst a stolidsuddenlyto account for a matter which liesThe firstorder wai in the harbor of Boston, when the UnitedStates steam-frigate Colorado, the flag-atiip of thewhich is intrasted to them. We saybut there is a vast difference between the namewhichhands of those who are masters of thehr profes-of atrivial bandofmischief-makers. Ionesheard the Navy- of a train of cars being stopped bv g^ss-hoppem They lit in such numbeis upon 'the rails that,sion.charge, the engine lags a little and does not per-blue be would nottheir services they would soon seekelse-because Commodorea merejar- gon of technicalities, which they run glibly over, n and make outsiders believe they are really deaira-ofrestoration of protective duties on sugar, and the dayirs. each day three ttoes, the FiUftieth Psalm," ble persona. To these are entrusted the use of oU, attached to the itstion. Should there be no reoeivlBg *talianr.e"haUlB( caaaMaaMr> and of tbose ofia theIn the item of fuel alone, enough ia wasted evei^ taf'at the main.""» is hair to" ta tliat eouatry. Tb* P"='""'.'1^2?rfrank intheartaand flagin afloat anyat owes largesocietyprogressmechanical force. Whyof an Admiralproperly, too, our Commanders of Squadrons uponsciences than tonot, then, instead of letting it deteriorate and dL a footing with those of other nations. Jealousiesormoney pay for la- any means to be passed over in silence. They teem of the community in s preeminsnt degree, Colorado, Commodore BTSiKOHAit, then in com- the condition of the negro and of society at theto misfortune. WhatshipIt is a common thing,transportation of art of economizing labor is needed still more. A and, generally speaking, the rale rather than the Commodore BTEmoHAX the result of which was the^sggressions of the South, exposes the fridtsto hire men to run and do mul- ;exception,tifarious duties liesideenginesto saw at a beach, or whatand of philosophyandalone he has no business to be or;anywhere, [at which will divert his attention fromron and further informed him ttiat the limit* ;a state of warfare as now exists.If hesooner or else aresult, and want ofbrought to bear upon them, so that ean be In- theyWe know ofis formedthe most reprehensible neglect 7 There Is no ex- occurred. It appears that no order hadiverse is the in steamnot happenedbsred the avarice and the throughby ttiiattat,efthetveprteib boilersandremovingscaleandincrustationwhich Qow aeoiaIh^-^aiMhoOfcpermitsonlyyear to make a handsome revenue throughout .the(at preaeiit) '-,-... .._ j .a. in command of the Penethevarious factories.collect, to the ultimate destruction of them, they>lEcidests tosupposed occurInIha'Quean'sdsMaha^dl^WiacaaMat of "tfltTh f*~<t tutloas with which Ua asarfceetat »i«-^(tj/.— «iipossible ooraslops, edltas him. Tha abj)^^ thsvrrlter Is to hsstltBto a. "bs compailscmofficer McCLtjaar of the Y»rd wore kit employing needlessly high preeenre. Steam flag-staff on *hore, ketained, as for example, the proprietors ofanyalAtlw- the Spanish and that the whole of the vast machine on which steady and continual demand for steam on the ing altogether the "plain blae flag ;" wfaielC^flkeboiler which it is unable to cut offs are way, it was understood at the time of ita svMiIb-"would be upon a scale of minuteness and efficien- use of fuel which is certainly marvelonsly liberal. for Captain* lehm in eommand of tfimtitSrfuel, instead of burning slowly away, and roasting,the—and that when an un- ing in a cloud of smoke from the sealed box, cases too small for the work and are a Navy, in command afloat as well aa onmoiey from this source are not a tithe of those Out and arising from the causes already mentioned. Theresurelyof toil andquarters building. aretoto establishments"Sqaare Blae Flac."Navytoinauguratea •plainblue " a* the judge by the rapid exhanstion of the suppliee at;of some three or four enterprising individ-— "plentytried itand found itright," affairs, or " auzone," electricity, and a long array of for-;thereby placing,andvert(wbichfactstudyeither ignorant of the state of or else hav- ever that may mean. Super-heated steam, "ozone," Washikotok Ibviso for the adornment <d theasthe state of things than otherwise. When such is pendant now worn by Flag Officers in commazid of space of time, and the City dealers have praMyaamiringIt is hereby ordered that, in Ueu of the broad" mainmAtt-head," originally should be wornas theof the navies of the world—Aa-Captainsviously commanded squadrons had only worn ainsignishighett th^flagthe foreign booksellers' ; to say nothing of the general verdict of those who receive it to their awn address, depending upon no sgency to seeare a acopy. Thefirstnumberwassoldinaof Mewhat- cupantstwoia in Secretary1 fa^faan,*'flan coula but aUed'to aiy Flag-officer HcCLnaBT waa entitle^ Xa^M rixed to wear, a "jriaio red la^."- Jfo <than the bine has ever been ' ' aBowad.'ed use instead of ; for,beingfortf-generallysupply, with iiii iiimiiiIbluethat occurred under tiiis new might be caught up in a speedy transit by raSroadmand of the Boston Navy-yard, but who was notSouthwe did not know tiefore.book Is a discourse, forcible, but not harsh, so theto hoist hisflagon hoard theof kit command extended, in latitude, from the BanksBat whM lao kaa- dred thousand men who make ail the tieai-not, by Flag- Officer UcIarosH that, while in the harbor of Bos.ble;to beton, he iros strictly within the limits of his com- Union,the Commander-in-Chiefflag wear,Even tiad there existed athe neil in "order, (under the broad-pendantflag," uponitsbeingthe execrable institution, the laat regulation.) flag," lowest, Fisg- relic of barbaric ages which still lingers aoangw^designatefirst,second,or eventhird,inwings nor, in- slave,of imaginatloa writes a wrlse oftoOrder ofattached to the ststloo, then atthesuitableThe Senior Flag-bf&cer of the Navy will wear UsThe^y officersQeoer^ Oi;der, are Flag-olBcer MebROBB, who iareached;iMmSOn laMsntaaMaai lavent hope that•';Irvhig buildinga," in coaiaa of aiaala L«idap and articles «b4alsewbere,«'•?*"J^^t keeping moiUdlyAntMUavery spiritTear strangeBa, VnosiWl Ann, Psb. M, !«««,aad«»d has act the meritaiiva theWe dire It (# It deserves* bntothiis rspoirTthWteenHarett.H«w many (naaQ^turer* eonld comeforwardandSLSInto flame a phiUBthMpie seal that, I do not beaitate to say,talllteMaof a grievous hUl of nvairsforbailttfanningB. WimHCAMatreportI'nstchedness, pover^ proves Bothlsg, written.«*f*» of•bflileiaaod new water bottoau, esnsai aoUj I9Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069lag- ef Flar«a«a»MaOinir;, 1^ ^^ «fflcul»Twww.fultonhistory.com 