 Htc.11jictkwgi*TM*" andthisportionofhisspeechseemedto usualmovementswereperformedinaverycreditable DowdalstabbedMr.Kopperwhile.thelatterwas CONROW_MOORE-In thiscity,onMonday.Oct.15bythi whchweresoldatfrom8%<)c |plb,dressed. TM-^? °iipxeaoforeigner V* Here in New-York Kuow-NothingismA WrFB - T h e Inry in the oaue of Edwin EagorB, th« young man TOWN8END-SMITH—On Wednesday. Oct 17. at Hadley, 2*£"*&>mhby the Federal Government to cripple the FreeStates in order that they might not outstrip spected, according. to the statute law, at Hamilwnbeen struck on the back of the head, aud then thrust Lmbzation Society. Tne speakers were listened to each Calf Siino, i(rJ2>llc. ^ lb. N. E., during which carried away f.rttoptnast andjibboom; h»J N. B.-Beef Extra and First quality lncluds. uothtugbut th« to throw overboard deck load offt>&wod, the vessel laboring and-Ishowing th£t they rnvderstood as clearly the politics ofthe country andjudged »« jn«dy and ac reasonably as J Western Bank of Virginia, but it was unsuccessful.Receipt* of Produce.-!••••:•••-••' a\*4?carries Slavery into »he Territories, and that Cmgressanaovanceintwodaysofg"®ic. GoodMiodlingatll^c. MOBII.K, Ort 16.—COTTON: sales to-diy 6 000 bales at 10{@ ICJo for Middling; sales of three days, 16,010 bales; receipts ofthree days, 7,250 bales.BAWIMOKK, Oct 17.—FLOUR active and firm; Howard streetPoweU. \-Sloops-F. Browu. Carr, Providenceymaater. Steamer—Jersey Blue, Chadsey, Newport, m<i«ter.Arrifcd.Steam6blp.New.York(Brem.), Von Santen, Bremen 30th. olt., and Southampton 4th inst, mdse. and pass, to Gelpcke. Keucgea ii. Rfcichiet lias h8d wetteny wiudsduring the pissage; Oct 12, lot 45, Ion. 50, pa»sed an American ship showing the letter N. ba her sigDai, bound W.; 13tb, lat 44, Ion 56, » w »h«P Tuscaxora,vistration respectable it is the favorite son of Illinois,Mr Douglas [Great cheering and laughter] But it to be tolerated where it exists, but not cherished; that,being a creature of local law, it most be protected by the States that adopt ic; that it doss not exist upon any portion of tne public domain outBtde the States; taac the Consutution prohibits the interference witn Slavery in the Sta^jjgjjhere it haa a foothold'and tuat the power of jdPllifeg its extension ia clearly gr<iired —a p o w e r S ^ ^ P w exorciaed under every Administra-" that man (Dedal) is the roan that stabbed me;" the ydlow- daughter of John and Aima Schroder, aged 3 years, 8 months colorcd handle knife was found slut up by the side, of the ferry $25! 000; second, to meet the estimated deficiencies in , and 16 daysbox tho man that Mr. Kopper shoved out, had his aUirt consid- the water rtvrjue for the payment of interest on tbe TAYLOR—On Tuesday morning, Oct. 16,* Agnes Myra,.infant*jf+mffiHtyr&pMfy•*••,.»*^t+.A)M)m1<By-#&)!*^y^tMttotorib+M'******* ^j^^Hy*-****!^*!^^^theiriia^eAwtnf«Dow-!dti«M; t ^ Stwmladia «f fWEW^mESJSY ITEMS.toelf. It h*a alre^y xetiwd to the Doifrocratk party,wfcich was U»-&«t',«ta^:<rf.»«^;^'^M;th?3r voted the I>emoeratJc ticket uoqneatiouiBgty, theMJ&ffllNGS.ofNew-york;aa8k«ted'tto District-Attorney throughmt'the'triaL' V 1,.,BlllS OV INDI€TM*WT.- •The'Grand;Jury of HudsonGeorge "W. M<mtj|otn*ry to Herter A. Backel, ill of thU .ctty.. . ••: „ . ;;,:,.'• . -•' , ,.. . • ' . .. ,,. ,..,.-..«SAKX> JteUBWCAH KALUES IK WH*- • 1.IAH3BUBGH.Lnca», awio'e* by tb« R«V: S.J> Bnrchwd, D. D.f JoMpa' W; Bavage to Sarah F., ionghw* of N«ah T. Pike, «»<fc,of the City o' NeW-'VorkrHITM ..,.0«t TO Liverpool..... .Oot 20 Liverpool.••...Oct 24tell yoo all that the battle stands well at all points.The Democrats don't seem to be so unterrified as they Dmyea presided, and introduced the Hon. Jamest*emy feet from Dowdal; B*W Mr. Kopper take a club oat of. Bomeman's hands, when he went outeiie and struck Dowdal over th* h' ad breaking the club; Dowdal started and ran, and I ran after him, but Parlln. the officer, caught him first, and w e tookhimdowntowhereMrJ.Kopperwas;Mr.ParlinaaxedMr. Kopp*rifthat(Dowdal)wasthoman;Mr.Koppersaid"Yes/' Dowdilsat down on a stool outside of trie gate and asked for some water; the officer and myself afterward took hhn to thejail. .',,.• ,,Cross-examined—Gould not say positively that 1 saw Mr. Haver>B came toward our boat; I had fir»t made the line fast, when Mr. Peel came and called ua, saying, " th«>y were.stabbing allhandB,"Iwentinsidetheferrygate andhid a stickin myNoah W . Riell testified—I was ferry-master at the time of this occurrence, and wasonldaty on the Jersey side that day, and was in t e box at the time the trouble took place; Mr. KopperH. Conklin, widow of Samuel CoiikUn, In the 4"th year of her D. Winant for Congress in the Vth District, at a meet- age.ing held on Tueeday evening last. There axe several KASSON—On Saturday, Qct.13, at the residence of her «on-inMrs Boullier>(Vngi»-r, Jos*pl)ine Angler, Gostave Boollier.Jn bark Venu*, from Curacoa—J« sbep Afostioe, jf.In Dutch brig Mauricio, from Curacoa—C. O. L.a:bee, 3Tr*. Peiictto.In khip Palatine, from Ison'don—'W. C. Hall, H. Carter Misa E (arvr. Mis Anna Carter, Miss Katharine Smi'.h, M. S. MDJilen T. G. Plank C C. NoakesIn tteamthip Saladin, fi o-m Jamaica—J. Davidson, R M. Carpctter, P. S Ferren, J C^rgJll, W. Clark, H. Monis, Wm,Brooklyn, was crowded with Republicans. H. B. nredtobe. [Laughter.] They axe not quite as na Humphrey, who was received withcheers. Mr. Hum-• . - .tional, but it must be conceded that they are eminently harmonious. [Laughter and cheers.] They have two e*noidates in the field and each of them ia so thorough- ly convinced of tho fitness of the other for the Preaiphreybeganbysayingthatthemoatmarkedanduni- versal characteristic of the people of the Northern and Middle States is now and has ever been a devotedlaw, Troy, Now-Xork, Mrs. H. Kasson, in the 71st year of her LABATUT—On Monday, Oct 15, John Labatut, in the 51styear oi bis age, son of the late J. IA. J. Labatnt•oeney, that each of them takes the utmost pains to de- attachment to the Union, a sentiment springing aUke feat the other. [Gr«at laughter.] It seems to have from the head .and heart; it u not a principle on y, butThe Board' met at the County Jail yesterday after- MOOBE—At Rahway, New-Jersey, on Tuesday morning, Oct Lennes, lady, child and servant, Miss Brandon. L L Castle,been the rule in the his ory of the Democratic partythat each succeeding Administration has to make thepreceding one reepectaole. [Chears and langhier.] Itcannot be- denied that the Administration oi John Tyler how the Union should be preserved—by inaugurating a made that of Van Baren respectable; Pierce made Republican President, by putting the government uaUor Polk's quite respectable; and you, and all of us will the conirol of Republican principles, and f >r the rei- agree tbatthe eminent old pubhc functionary, the fa- 8onthat the principles and doctrines of the Rfpu^Ufian vorite ion of Pennsylvania, has succeeded in makiog party are identical with the principles and doctrines tint oi Pierce most respectable. [Laughter.] And it which creased the Union; the Republican partymust be eonfissed thatthe Democratic party, with their holds precisely the views which were held by theexact from persons arrested fur crime the sum of $6vied to attend bis-funeral from the r-sidence of his brother, William Reid, at Elizabeth, New-Jersey, at 2i o'clock p. m., onTLurtday, Oct. 18.KINtATTrRB AlMAtlJkO..0:15 J Sets............ 5:16 !Moon—Rises.. £:0S^ioketBMcent*, ^IjOokw-oodX No. 411 the Y<uag Men's t hi«t tbe "door.Vnneral Ob**< will UKe plact at KVENINC*,Oct.)9 toyUwRer. E 11. < H A l H B w j d . Sill J. HAYWARl), XA <jmLJLRanoU>J-4 present. Singiug A tbe direction of y. 1. pubhc in gencrtl ereE . JL.. S n o w e Ciiion are <-»iii<-.uj JE.Church onfKiUrt»ler Laiocs in pt Snow. The n.ernc« -of the Charch at 7 o""E.JL^Snow g 4be above OXBO.O U« •ftbeurteae.t2 18, at 7 o'cloca, lor t Cel E. L. S'-ow.-Sir. J And five snbseqncnl«ad> evening. Tickets to the Cot30 ce&ta. For htUa . Clweadon JtiousLTeacbers' Aw • w U i b e i i e i a o n 6 A Cl m the Hall of the ti< »ta. • A p*per will txj e c t : *-uuj;,aty ScJ invited ta Be prc«e» . THOMAS P. HAaaway, 7tii-av. and 47i MiNGToN,' ana 7fc Sunday School &:ZT o Arch « U " rjNIVERdANew-York, H Arran^em*nt, cou^zu deily rrom New-Y<s u m . , 1 0 a m . , a / . a s Mew-York Ceitrai i mai have their baggaa W e s t , N o r t h - W w t , OJFlaePlatedW «r», » 0 i 0 t o *1U; C- $20to*25:CaaeB; -esosterStands,*•• Napkin Rings, Bnt5 0 0 , 8 0 0 bwHl the be*tCideraud< hprtiableatthe AboveYenkers, Ap?Fr encli * Celeb:VNJSUL'J wDepotNa wacteiAddress Box]CooperInstit of Wisconsin, wiJ. Cooper Institute. Boclock.Gov.Cl aadspeak. ' '•'•GEORG1 JOHN A SlMEO* J. AUST DA VlUlR e p u b l i c a n «**, No. 722 ttrocdi Man Meetings eveFxA^tcis ii. Yoc: A. C Hiu.s,Wlde-AwnJie lug of this ot^ans^A at No. 618 Bru&dvFKASK TJ. SHKP< T. U. MAUTI.V.•Kepnbllcan«f tne jtu-public ir. JJ the rooms of tbe ivc way, on dATURDi to aoasijs*e a .c place01 Edwards Pi. IVlitAJH e a d q u a r n ' i ofKi.g«uo.—ASf yCouit st, on t'KlJ CbmmandaaU ot \ requested to notify jlace. Docum,ents mainisg fourteeu d the tiham Dt-nio vL O. NODYSK, W. A.WALKK-Kepublicaurt, TlllS.(trid»j)KV! Htadqusiters, c ruta « u Fulton and (.a P l l R E Y , t b e H e n SIMEON DRAPJE SHANNON, e»q - athe meeting. Stew Hd Ward"Humi»b: will be there, witn'- lf.\AC Vay E^riIVtb Congr," —Tlw Worki-^» A Y EVF.:SI^G;I•ta.at 'i o'clock PRICE-wiU exils support Mr. JO) Cougtes*, and wc psxty eonaiderauor KGAN, JOHN GiCommittee.Tfce Stxth W i * n.ee,tn>« at the ck vii FRIDAY, Oot.. is requested Kepo luiroil their uam.-fc.3fKA>«; WT. Pa3£t>w>iu) McCi i^a%eSeventit vseet at their Arui<EVENING, Ootol «itte*l the RaUri at -MONDA Y E \ K M UouofWILLlA.M «nss in the Vth CorjBy order ClIAKJ-X* 11. 1U>JTbe 8evemb| SXepwbUeaa.of Uie Ward to caalj iNG, at ti o'clod CarlScbuue de iv,.:AL«V»TKxvjti,!Liberty &ntt JKule!I-A.VMJ DISTRICT RVl'l' parts oi' the \ !'. h•(Fiiday)EVEMN <!raud*|sud Cbnuu Addressee by JJM.VNN. ABRAK Sinsrnf by"OlUfl-SpWte/ Wi4e!-Awake»i onare invited." By c. KnwAKrsM. SKIJaeeostomed sagacity, has been exceedingly fortunate ination, not perhaps in reality, but certainly in spirit. For if we axe but true to tnat noble function, and are wioeawakWtotheproblemtobesolved,wideawake to the necessity of placing a reformed Administration in office, wide-awake to the necessity of seeing Abra- ham Lasco)n inaugurated [Cheers], and last, wide «wake to the responsibility that will devolve upon a victorious party when in power, then our victory willbe what it ought to be, a victory of the true principles of liberty and general justice. Then the Republican cans* * ill prove what it oaght to be, the cause of tho, Ame*Joan people; and bemg the cause of the Ameri- can people, it wiU be what it ought to be, the cause of anivtrgal mankind.minate Slavery agitation.repudiation on the part the Supervisors of Kings Couoty. „The Law Committee reported that the sum of $ 13,000 received for licenses was now in the hands oi the Ex- eweCommissioners,andthattheyclaimtherightto hold this amount at their pleasure. The Committee reported in favor of directing the County Treasurer toandOhio, 40 75. City Mhls htld at $5 5(5*$6 62*. WHEAT stood some feet outside of the gate when Mr Kopper ran oat and be deemed necessary. The Commissioners, it appews, firm; Red, $1 30'a;$I 40; White, $1 45©$1 65. Cons firm;' Ma; h« knowt him well. Maine has taken care of Mr. H a m l i n , a n d t h e g r e a t E m p i i e S t a t e o f t h e W e s t w i l l10t o'cloch a. m , by reuon of. the absence of Judge Lott, who i» h o l d i n g C i r c u i t C o u r t i a Q u e e a s . C o u n t y , a n d o f t h e a b s e n c e o f JudgeScrugham,whoisholilngCourtinSuffolkCounty.scarce and wanted; sales 4,000 bpsh. good Seneca at 74c , aod . 4 0 0 0 b u s h . C a n a d a W e s t a t 8 3 c . ; 5 . 5 0 0 b u s h , c h o i c e d o . t o a r r i v eat85c WHISKY—Sales300bbls.at23ic. BUFFALO.Oct.17—6p.m.—FLOURstrady,andinfairdemand.WBKAT firmer; sales 25,000 bush. No. 2 Chicigo Spring at $105,25/(0hush.No-1MilwaukeeClubat$112^$112^; 14,0(0bush,extrado.$113; 6,0.0bush.RedWinterat$1 l^. COHN closed' firmer; tales 40,000 bush atSS^Wc. OATS smallWvi rnifg, from Liverpool for PhiladelphiaS h i p P a l » - s t i n e , L * r d L o n d o n S « - p t 1 3 . a n d I n l e o f W i g h t 1 9 t h ,mdse.and128p*ss.toE,E.Morgan&Co. Hashadstrong W. windsthetntirepassageBark Yurzuri, Ander»on, Matanzai 2d inst, sugar to Stevens Bros.SidincowithbarkLinda,forPhilade'phia.BarkLaura(Brem),Woln,s*n,RoUardaoa37aays,mdse.and46 na*s. to U. W«,lfe. Sept. 19, lat 40, ion 20, spoke Brem. barktakecareofMr.Lincoln. Whywillnotthefree •nboiwrs of the North vote for the advocates of thenp or d/wn ? No; as John Van Baren said in Cleve-land in 1848, " when Dad wss under the Wad of hay," xheneartof Pennsylvania. But his best joke is hisThe Court adjourned nntfl 2{ o'clock p m,. AFTERNOON SESSION. ...mm.— - « _areasked on Wheat to Buffalo. York dull at 1 # coDt premium.Brig Mary Morohore (Br.), Holt, Kingston, Jam., Sept 13, log-i*?* **W« will surround the Slave States witn an atmos- phere of freedom, and tney must breathe it or die." He appealed to them by all means to elect their Member of Congiess. Thiswasaveryimportantdutysh*yhad to perform. Tho importance of one vote cannot be over-estimated. Mz.BriggswasfrequentlyapplaudedBranding complaint thatthe agitation of Slavery in Jon- grt&8sooccupiesthetimethatlegislationonothermat- ters must give way. Why, he not only precipitated thisagitationonthecountry,buthassincemademore speeches, in Congress and out, written more pamphlets andletters,andcreatedmoretumoilonthebubjectof Slavery,thananyotherman—infacthehasdonenoth-HenryP.Parlintestified—IwasaDeputySheriffintheem-BrigMarcus,Libby,Ronaot,coal,forBostan.Brig Mauri, io (Dutch), Schrander, Curacca Sept 27. fustic, &c, Druvale&.Co. ' BrigMaiia(Kr.),Guihomal, StPierre,N.F.,16days,fishto"•*>-•>throughout his speech, a&d was listened to very atten- ing else, has brought forward no measures, and hasglfcdyyuarecome;'Iai,kedwhatwasthematter,andhoreplied,• er,J.C.Holden;SecretaryofMissionstheRev.Ch's 73c. PROVISIONSdull. Therestofthemarketunchanged. ' bottively4 given few votes on any subject that hadSchr. Necl W. Thovpson, Wllooiogton. N. C, 9 days, naval The Horse market. stores to E S.-Pcwell. Hss experienced heavy N. E.; split sails,AsongbytheFifteenthWardWide-AwakeGlee notthenegroinit.ShallweelectMr.Breck- Club, received with much applause.Wethinkthat,theoldeBthabitueofTwenty-fourth andhasbeen5daysN.oftheCapesofDelaware.Addressee were made by Mr. Hopltinsou of Massa- inridge"? Snail we in this peril of the Union throw ourselves into the arms of the Disunioniste. chusetts and several other gentlemen, more songs were For Mr. Breckinridge, say what he will, is the candi-, *6\:V^ M®*B$>.ro&£& IMiiTOT^SIM^fi -uSPEECHESOPGAELSCHURZIKENGLISHAND Democrats saki nothing about their beiog for- occasionw^llbetb<^appearance of a companyof 100previouB. A l%ge number of these cases are for atab biogandfeloniousabeauUB.- ' • i'' mT&E AIXEGBD ATTEMPT TO "Bints AND 8TRA.NGI.EGERMAN.5fceK«j«bKssn»of Brooklyn, EatferalMatrict, held a »rsmd mass meeting at the Odaou last evening. At an •*rry hour the large hall was throngtd,^and soon thet—ring crowds filled the aisles and nearlyall the stand-M»g room on the floor. Quito a number of ladies occu-jf&L the relaerved seats in front, encouraging by their the Pro-Slavery party of the State. In closing, he re- preoence the champions of Freedom. , minded His hearers of their struggles and sacrifices forBergen Co., the oldest officer in New-Jer«ey,will par- ticipate, and be mounted upon this occasion in the ranks. Several companies from this city, as well as from Newark, Jersey City, Hackensack, and other points adjacent, will be present.':';Church, by the Bev. Dr. Creignton, Benjamin W Strong of B<mi»»ia.............i..New.Y«rk8otrthampton..Nov. 1 Liverpool Nov. Z Havre... Nov. Z New-York.....Nov. 7Mr. Thomas W. Field called the meeting to order, Freedom in 1849. Should they who then periled gates to tbe First A-sembly District Republican Con-and a*«r a few brief remark* introduced the "Prairie lAtb und Lcbtn^und Gut' und Blut, not now send vention, comprising Hoboken and the Foarth Ward of••f;:..r ,Mm ''• — — 14th" : • • ; { •undermil,?? Wfc*hInBt<>n H jf "••••JLivcrpoQL New-York.....Oct 10 ,.8oothampton.....New-York....Oct K»Songsters " who sang in their usual «ood rtyle theBalrying Shout of Freedom, which called forthan«m*vrer»g shoUtof applause from the awfiense. -J.no to wrest freedom from tyranny the assurance that the and nominated ex-Mayor Franklin B . Carpenter forCanaolan.Liverpool... 'fe?.T5r*K>%Quebec......Oct II New-York.....Oct 1$CJhairmau then intro. need tno • » • » - , , , German people, wh*re they found freedom, knew how Bon.JamesA.BrJjfcs,whoP/ooeededtodissectthe tounderstanditandtopreserveit1Squatter-Sovereignty doctrine of Mr. Douglas. Whilebe?was speaking, Mr. Schiirz made his appearance on The tremendous outburst of applause whicVfolloweitie platform, and was received with almost deafening upon this appeal showed how brightly thefire&f free- applause, cubainatiBg in throe rousing coeers, which dom still burn in the hearts of the exiles from their•w«» renewed as he took his place at the desk. • When Fatherland, and how naturally they transfer their bat- the applause had somewhat subsided, Mr. Schiirz spokeAssembly.:y * -''""•/:'• veryfineappearance,andperformedthevariousevolu. BOYD—OnMonday.Oct15,JamesH.Boyd.tleforF.eedomfrontheOldWorldtothe2few. Although it was very lae when Mr. Schiirzcon-anon time. I have had to speak every day since the Wagner before the vast assemblage separated. This nomination of that great and good man, Abraham Lin-coln leheexs], and 1 shall h*ve to speak every day till meeting will add much to the growth of Republicanism thetimewhenhoiscertaintobeelected. [Applause.] amongtheGermansof Williamsburgli. ThereisaQeimanmeetingwaitingforme,andin ad-dressing them i shall do the useful part of the business.«sfollows:yxxxow-CiTiZBRS: I am very sorrytobe compelledto say that I shad be able to entertain yon but a veryc tided his speech, yet a few words were added by Mr.PxeKbjteiian Church (Dr. Vdama'a), on Friday, the 19th inst, Church at that place. There was good speaking by »t;3J o'clock1, p. m. ;".-*?Silas Condict of New-Jersey, the. Rev. G. Talmage Waehmgton (D. C.) papers please copy. ; CORTE.OV OU—At Hempstead, Long Island, on Wednesday,A. B i * hoil; Carl, Fredericke, and Frida Bullin«; Oitlilie B i « e ; W E. Lang^and Udv; Mnthilde, Ciwl, and Emilie Pf*ff; H. D«n»-el; Marie, Rudolph, Otto, and fcred'irfcke Daneel;Hein Schmidt. H. eirkets'aed, Scniy'Hopkins, Charles Pandorf anda passion. Upan this sentiment of loyalty to the Union it has been sought to practice by awakening the fears of the ticoid. The speaker would ans wer the ques .•.on,noon. 16, Samuel Moore, in the 77th year of his age. Mr, and Mrs. Brown. W. Wolcott, Mr Mowatt, G. Pack*, Mrs.A communication from Mr. F . S. Stahlknecht was REIO—At Elizabeth, New-Jereey, on Tuesday evening, Oot Gibson and two children, 8. Montgomery. received, in which he stated diat he wa3 prepared to 16, D*vid Reld, aged 63 5 ears.prove that it is the practice of the District-Attorney to The friends and acquaintances of the family are respectfullv in-Tho most enthusiastic applause followed this short rock, firm set, causing the agitation of waves that beatupon its front.mdi e and p>»88 to Wolcott &. Booth.ship Brlogewater, B«r*tow, Liverpool Sept 9, mdi^. ard 319M address, winch was kept up till Mix. Schiirz left the hall to proceed to the German meeting.Mr. Humphrey, after. alluding to Henry Clay andch«ng«-drignalHwJtb steanr.«hip VandcrbiJth-'aod E.; Oct. 1, lat. 45 30, Ion 40 5€ signaled shin Ratler, steering E. The B. bas had strong we»terly gales tbe «-ntire passage.A song by Mr. Clark followed.Mr. Briggs was tsen called for loudly, and respond- gramme that was arraoged by tbe Slavery party dur-.*THE COURT OF SESSIONS.—This Court met yester- thomaiket a».d no sales. BARtKY unchanged, but quiet. RYE Snip oCmn onwealth (of BostonV, Grozier, Callao 99 days, anded by gokg on to finish his speech. He drew a striking and eloquent picture of the advantages of American freedom, and the bBghtiog influence that Shivery hasing the discussions on tt»e Nebraska bill in 1854, when the parts in the groat revolutionary drama that has since been enacted were severally marked,out; oneult,lat.2262N.,Ion6007,eigna-.edBr.barkJAUCk. Isabella, fr'm Per nambuco for Bait more., '* apon it. He referred totne career of Gov. Morgan; part was given to Congress, another to the President, au.d also urrftd the churns ot Brooklyn to vote for their another to the Supreme Court—and we know that thisCharles L. Frost for felonious assault, Ernest Lew for burglary- hush. Wtuat; 1.000 bush Corn.; 24,600 bush. Barley.Timothy Dawson, a witness in one of ttie above cases, was also A LUAN y, Oct. 17— C p m —FLOUR in moderate dimand and re-discharged from the Hoase of Detention, and ihe Court adjourned ceipts increasing; Buckwheat Kljur-16/@,lb/6. WIIRAT—Sales to Howiand &. Frothinghsm. Oct 6, lat. 4105, Ion. 50, signaled till this morning, at 10 o'clock.candidate'for Congrecs, Mr. Wall. The election of5,0uObush Wbite Michigan ordioiry at $145; 5.000 bush, vari- ship Celestial Empire, s'.g. E . Had 2 death* (infants) on the ous grades at fy\ 52"©$1 55 for ch ice RyE-rSale* 4,000 bush, pas-sgea t 7 o ' c . C O R N , s t e a d y a t C ' J c - f o r W e s t e r n M i x e d ; s a l e s 2 0 COO S h i p A l b e r t G a l l - t i n , D e l a n o , L i v e r p o o l S e p t 6 , m d s e . a n dMr.-BunVpbrey spoke of the change that had taken placeintheSouthernmindsincethedoctrinewasfirst announced by Calnoun, in 1847 that the CoDstieutiona better.feeling in tho market Good Middling, lie. & Co,; Persia (Br.) Smith. StJohu's, N. B., D. K. Dewolf; CIIAIILKSTON, Oct. 16.—COTTOK—Sales to-day, 3.C00 bales at Leocadea, amall, Balem; John, Stetson, Wilmington, E. 8Lhas no power to prohibitjt. So long as tha Souta con- tented themselves witn enjayiog thesa views at home, we had no right to complain, but when they tried to force them upon us, witn a threatening, bullying air, and on our reiusing to adopt them, calling us covenant- breakers, traitors, and the like, was it quits reasonable to expect the most profound public tranquillity under such circumstances 1 If our standing upon the princi- ples of our fathers, canted agitation, it was like thegoing in," when he got over the fe*ce; his partner (Dowd*l)called out a»d asked, " are you going to leave me•;" that was the collect the sum in their hands by such means as mightBtiuCk him; the blow staggered him somewha; wneu he wheeled and fled; they overtook nim and brought him back; Mr. Kop- per, after striking; him came back iato the ferry-box with his hand on histide;the word went then that he was stubbed; I went up stairs and assisted to dress his wounds; there was a wound on his right side and one on his left; did not see any knives; when A)r: Dikeman eaugbt hold of Dowdal, saw him •wiDghis hand back and forth; Dikeman got clear of himaud •aid to me, " they want to stab me "Gershom Seixas, a son-in-law of Mr. Kopper, testified as to his death on the 24th of May, and the locality of the wounds.District-Attorney Scudder stated that every eiibrthad been made to procure trie attendance of tne phy-sicians, from- New-York who made the post-mortemexamination, butsofarthay had not. made their ap-pearance.Mr. Peel, recalled—I stood on the end of the bridge, and calledto the men on the Weehawken to come; at the first commence-ment of the di»turbance I delivered McDermott up to Mr. Kop- Abraham Lincoln • is certain. He may not be elegant latter body has bince.performed the part that was then per and he slung him tow'ard the gate.allotted to it witii the most surprising accuracy to the Cross-examined—Did not see any knife in the hands of any a s a d a n c e r , b a t h e i s a c a p i t a l f e n c e r . I f a n y o n e • o r i g i n a l t e x t . T h i s w a s r i g h t l y c a l l e d a r e v o l u t i o n a r y p e r s o n s o n t h e b r i d g e ; c a n n o t s a y w h o w a s p u t o u t o f t h e g a t e; doubts his ability, let them ask Mr. Stephen A. Doug- movement, for it sought to cnauge the intent of the first. •have deposited the amount in baas instead of handing it over to the County Treasurer. Hence the difficulty. The subject of purchasing a location on Washington Park for a Court House was brought up, but after a Bhort discuseion the matter wa3 laid on the tahle to await tbe action of the Common Council, which body, it will be recolleotedj referred the matter to the Cor-porationCounselortorreport.The Board adjourned till the 7th November.day, hnt did no important business. Several persotto who had and OATH q''iet. Canal FREIGHTS easier, but not quotably low- Hampton Roads 2 Cays, guano to Barrill Bros. Aug.30, 27 07 S., heen arrested on Buapicion of commitviog crime were set At- er; Flour 44s.; Wheat 14c ; Com -13Jc. to New-York. Lake Ion V752 W , sp> ke FT. ship Sasngrce; 31st, lat 26 I P S , Ion. liberty, the Grand Juiy-having failed to find bill* of indictment, IMPORTS: 47,200 bush. Wheat; 9,100 oush. Corn; 5,000 bu«h. 28 12, ppoke Br »hip Newcastle, from London for Calcutta: 23th, againstthem. Among them were Augustus Lanier for arson,. Oots,6,500bu*h.Rye CuialEXPORTS:4170bbls.'Flour; 6.0S0tho compromise measures of 18o0, referred to the pro-huib. No 1 Milwaukee Club on private termB. CORN held oot of.... &«&&•Movement* «f Ocean Stecuoters. TO OKFART.|0SW^OBJt^^ ^OCTOBER i»» i s w ..***-ri.</„-Vi^-':-''.,*Vi,,• . .'. . . .eigner*; but dowa in Pernaylvania he had foundAata»iK>on as he manifested anintention of thiak- mountedWide-Awakes. Gen. AndrewH. Hopper of" i»gand speaking was firstfor himself, to call himthe Democratic a " ShametasFlashing, Long liland, to Fxancea, danghter of Murray Hoff- rmH^i """'"''• man of tbia city^ * « £ * • * • " • • * • 'Onebec New-Xork LiTerpool.New-Yorkhad found its true associate*, and h»d gone in to formLiverpooL.......Now.York •..Southamptoa.....New-York.;..-Oct. 4back to theircountrymenwhohadnotyetthepower JerseyCity,metatHarmoniaHall on Mondaynight-and I think yon can well afford to leavethe ornamental MEETING OF THE REPUBLICANS OF KINGS called waftore, saying, "They were 9tabbing ailhsmda," law poxfrm of the work to somebody else. I hare been COUNTY. Dowdol »tanding outside tbe gate, and h*ard Mc. JCopper say he trsmh g extensively in the United States, and I can Last evening the Wigwam on City Hall Square, •was stabbed; Mr. Kopper wa* iD»ide the eate perhapj fiftpon orjfnrrdehed by the Marshal Glee Club of Greenpoint. \ Coiteljou, aged 14years 2months and21 days.The friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend thefuneralat>bereiidencoofhisbrother-In-laor.MrBedfll,No.Call Albarn Henry Berg, C. H . Schippel, Antoine Schipp^l, Robert aud Mary Noacb, G. Vulgar, Udy, 4 chiliren, and ser- vant,AdoiphBieuslng,EmllandAnnaKanlAd F.w.TalUjn- st»in, Eli*e Ury, Charles and Anna Ilamwlt, Mr. and Urs. Wil- kins, Mr and Mrs. Page, Messrs. Middtetoo. lO'Saillvon, Sar-Jeremiah Ogden, testified—At the time af Mr. Kopper's C o a f c t u u t i o n b y a j u g g l e o f c o n s t r u c t i o n , a n d c o n v e r t i t i n j u r i e s 1 w a s i n t h e e m p l y o f t b e f e r r y c o m p a n y a s p i l o t . o f ' t h e fromacharterof.LibertytoacharterofSlavery. It Weehvwken; wewerelayinguptheboat,whenallhandsweredependsuponthepeopleatthiselectionvheihersucha calledashcrobyMrHavens;Iwentdown, andtheytoldme Mr Kopper was stabbed; he was in the ferry-box, and as hoT H E S P E C I A L T E R M O F T H E S U P R E M E C O T T R T . —The Special Term has been adjourned until Monday, O c t 22, a t hush. OATS active at 3frjc. for State. BARLEY dull, but prime 133 pass, to C. Grinnell O c t 11, l a t 43, Ion. 59, spoke shipHomesteadbill,thatwillgiveeveryfreemanwho revolutionshallgoonorwhetheritshallbestayedin cameoutIsawthathiscoatwascut;hesawtheyoungmanoff itscourse. If hisanswerwasnotcorrect, what awaya;Mr.Koppertookaclub,andgoingoutoftbegateshuck chooses to go West and take it a tree horns to him and remeoy would be proposed? Was it the ejection of the youug man, when he fell; the you jg man ran and Air. Parlen bid children for ever / He. contrasted the presens con- Bell ? Senator Wilson hud shown that that candidate brought hior badk; while Dowdal was sitting on a stool I askedNEW-YORKHOSPITAL.—Tbe introductory^ lecture to the'regalari -,—m—. •. A grand Wide-Awake demonstration is to take plaos 70 bills of indictment theCity of Balttoaro.......New.York.......Liverpool. Oot. 3tfVaaderbOt.-.- ..New-York -North Biiton........... ..QuebecSHA W-WaiTE-rOn Wedrve-day, .QAL-17, At the Cbvnh of Africa...............,.,..jy*w YorkShaw to Emma, «We»t danahter of Robert N. White, eiq., end New-york... New.York, Bremen .......Oct 79niece of the officiating elexiQmsa. NovaScotiao..... • Qaebec ,.i Liverpaol Oct 27 STRONG—HOFFMAN—On Tuesday, the 16th hurt., at Zlon SK2 1 * -»o»tor* .....IdTerpooL.....O«t 3»REPUBLICAN ASSEMBLY NOMINATION.—Thedele-father, in Amonia. New-York, on TueBdav, Oct 18, oy the Georgie, danghtercf Egbert Viaceni, esq.S>UEI>.BRENNAN —In WQliamoburgh, on Taeaday, Oct 16, ^u\'i>"l" "up; when I heard the blow it was before Mr. Kopper waH •slabbed. .nary next,,unless the financial officers of the city, inday, 19th inst, at 1o'clock.' .sales at 28c. WHISKY ncminal at 21c Canal FREIGHTS: 60C. Helvetia, from Brerr*n for New-York; liutb, lat 46, Ion. 22, slg- dhloa of Ohio—a Siate yet in its youth, only 58 years Mr Kopper if that was the man. and he said.it was; he was oourBe of instruction in this institution was dehvered on Fljur. 17jc. on Wheat, J6ic. on Com to New-York IM-Btood on the same ground with Breckinridge. Or sup- positive; saw th«; cut in the coat before Mr. Kopper started yoRTs: 8.000 bbls Flour, 89,000 bush Wbeat, 48,000 bush Com, noled Br.,bark Jtmes Kli»-f, stg ia.«f age—with that of Virginia, one of the olaeot States. posing it conceded that he belonged to that class of with ihe club;- think Dowdsl was the manthat was struck; do last night in the College building in Thirteenth street, and 33,000 bnth. Oats. CANAL EXPORTS: 95,000 bush. Wheat, Bark Goethe (Brem.)i Muller, Bremen 50 days, mdse. and 211WiIcOhiohasmaderapidprogressineducationand statesmenwhobelievethattheycanturnaside^he-r.otknowthatIsawMcDermottthatnight. dvinzatzonaidfreedom,Virginiahasto-dayalawon greatquestionsindebatebyleavingtheissuesun- Dr.LutberVass,wascalledanddoscrlbedthowounds,oneonher Statute books which wouia send hi mor anybody elseto the Penitentiary for declaring that man has not tie settled—the country to be composed by ignoring thethe right side, and the other on the left; a knife like one of theseshown would have made the wounds; the wounds were suffi- noticed many of the prominet medical men of the city. em Club; Zl'cbV,'^ lor No 1; 83^<<4i-o for No. 2, in store. last to H Trowbridge's Sons, New Baven.cient to cause death; the iuternal oigans were perfectly healthy; CORN steady; sales 10,(00 bushels at 37"a>37jc, iu store OATS Bark Gem of the Seas Pat'-ersoo, Malaga 6Eh ult, passed Gib-the wound ju*t below the light shoulder was inclined toward the The Professor delivered an interesting lecture on du-1. RECEIPTS—3,700 bbls. Flour, I48,00obushels Wheat 33,000 raltar 7th, fruit to Golway, Casado & Teller.spine, and upwatd, entering betwesn ihe luug and ribs; the bushels C*rn. 14,000 bushels Oats. SHIPMENTS—700'bbls. Flour, Bark Venus, Atkinson. Curacoa Sept 29, salt, &.-;., to Booneawound on the left side was horizontal toward the right, and en- chemistry, illustrating hia subject with many pleasing 65,000 bushels Wbeat. 17,5^0 b-ushels Com. FREIGHTS dill; 20c. Graves tc Co. ,Oct. 9, lot 32 20, Ion 72, spoke schr Kingfisher,teredtbeabdon>inal cavity, probably 2Jor more inches; con- sider that the wound on tbe right side caused death.tendency at$.V«)$510forSuperfine. WHEATdullandde- ploy of the Weehawken Ferry Company at the time of this ' veiling at the Bible House, and elected the following clined 2c. WHISKY declined -jc at 18c. BACON—H lde. s offeroccurre»ce; at the time Mr. Kopper was cut I was not there; he officers: Presid&nt, Henry A. Moti; Vice-PreBidehte, freely, but show no disposition to press sales at t-J-c. for Shoulders h»dsentmeoveronaboatp'rtmoustothistokeepadisorderly andi3JcforSides. '•'.'-•''right of property m man. That is the law of Virginia,* State governed by Slavery; and is he to vote for aman who says be does not care whether Slavery goesfact of the tempest'/Mr. Humphrey then complimented Mr. Douglas for enlivening the present campaign by his humorous per- formances^—witnesshisadvocacyoiaprotectivetariffinexperiments.•hence; 12th,lat 3648,Ion.74,spokebark &eindxer. hence; lith, off Cape Ben-open baa a heav-i gal* from N. E.they abolished the ordinance of 1787; for this, they an open question in the year i860 whether a President Mr. Wakeman then arose.to sum up for the defense. more familiar knowledge of the angles of the French., PaiOBB o» STORB, CArra*.—Working Oxen, per pair from repealed the Missouri Compromise; for this, they made of the. United States, elected by th» people under all He desired to know of the District Attorney whether S75 to $160; Cows and Calves, from *25-a>!$.67; foatlirissScur. T. P. AbK Dickinson, Middl< town 2 days. Scbr. T.H.-Seymour, K«lley,»Pruvidence 2 day*. Schr. Autares, Clswoa. Providence for PbUtdeipbia. Selir. Chnrt*rO»k Kell»-y. Boston for Albany.Schr. Thomas Jeflerson, EMb, Sulem 3 days, mdse. io R. W , Ryiei & Co.Schr. Ccb-A, Borer, Provi leueo 2 diys.Scbr. Croca, Delano Stooington 20 hours in balhwt.Schr. <J;turoy, WnkefielJ, Eli/>.t>ethport, c-.ul. for B<itK. . Schr. Mendore, Sa'gciit, Bcsfoii :5 daji, linseed to mastsr.Schr. It.' H WiUou. Davis. Brooknaveu 2 days.Schr. A"klarn, Mutiny. Bostou C.duys.Scbr. Carr< 11. NcUon. Eilz-bethpoxt. coal, for New-HavemFall River, for Bos».ou.., logwood, &o, tothe loxms of the Constitution, shall be inaugurated, table and of the tendencies of the small balls, he would $7'&^9; Twoyuar* old. SlO-a^lS; Thi«* T^ars oil, $14®$i7.•the desperate efforts to fix Slavery upon Kansas; for then the year i860 is the proper year to decide that he should press a conviction for murder in the first or be an-antagonist worthy of the great master.Shsepand lomM, 9,700 tx Jttarnet Prices in iota, *1 'I5<b $ 1 753)$2 each; Kxtra, $ 2 25©$2 Wd^Z CONURBXR FROM BACH BTATB.Cattle. Sh'p it Lb's. Horses. Swine.this, they sought, by the Dred Scott decision, to place question. Mr. Humphrey closed by a comparison of second^degree. ;•'•[':-:!Mr. Scudder repliedthat'he ehould press a convictionSlavery in the Territories above the power of Con- Jree and slavb labor. The speaker w»s listened to at- for murder in the first degree. tentively throughout, and was frequently interruptedA MISSIONARY TO AFRICA.—A large meeting of colored persons was held last evening at the Shilohx*iame................ Xui 1,0!)7New-Hampshire ......557 2,160Vermont.. 770 3,753217gress; for this, they opposed the Homestead bill which by cheers. Stewart L. Woodford followed witn an Mr. Wakeman occupied about three-quartera of anwould secure the Territories to Freedom; for this, they eloquent address, after which the Prairie Songsteri hour in reviewiug'the evidence. He claimed that from Church, corner of Prince and Marion Btreets, to listen»».««*•*«.75 160•*opposed the Tariff which would assure a rapid gave one of their " Wide-Awake'' songs.the evidence, the defendant could not be convicted of to addresses on the occasion of the departure of the muider in the first degree, as it could not have been Rev. E. P. Rogers, of Newark, aa a Missionary .toMassachusetts.... 29 Now-York.*...... 1*2 960 Western.......... 61Canadadevelopment of American industry and skilled labor,and so build up the North, where alone skilled labor-Sremtditated. Neither was there any evidence that Africa. The meeting was addressed by the Revs. Dr.«•*•••••••»l."30MILITARY-command of Col. A. M. Wood, paraded yesterday afternooi in Washington Park. The ranks were not very full, but the regiment, notwithstanding, made aP ARADE.—TheMEBICAT.COLLEGEAND CHARITT",SAVAGE-PlKEMhiTuetday, Oct.10,t>7the ttw GeorgeiC. r>,BUamthipi. Ixav*. •••- •-•'•For.->.-;* ••-•••XhtC •N&*M P17BLISBED KBY THK8TJ»KBTS, And deHvexed to Ci 7•obecraxns, *«perar*BCB KKW-YC A VXRY LAR« It ynbHaked every 8 « jp«r annnm, in e-a^inc #«i Ten Copies tor <|• a y l«Tire7 nxmber «t C<»Urs to addre»« of < tkerato of $120ev*fweaty orworewillbi 90 Commence at an* ti. AdveitKenv>*ta Tn * I A R AND TWEN7J toseition. NothinguuT H E am Urn published every To;i;TwoCo»UT H E FOR]w-oxAXishfi.onih- EJ* **per««,T H E »Ofl CALlFOliNi;fcpoblfolieaon the dJ wafl. .Prfce, 8ixO.County have found overat Paterspn, N. J., j&his evening. One" feature pf tbe meient term, ahurget number than for many years ' the Divine Unity by t*»« Rev. Jamo« Floy, D D , WiUlara CUy of Manchester N^w-York -Liverpool......Oct 27BEOOKL YN ITEMS.Oct 3 Rev J. W. Beach, Ralph Whyland. esq,, of thi« city, to MLM •rSVMK/* fci"1 —•-^orpooj .Qn«beo......«0«t <,THE TRIAL OF; MCDERMOTT AND DOWDAL FOR tions with credit. Washington Park is the best place I<o. 910 Broadway. Fiienda aie invited to attend. Bohe»>ian.....THE MURDER OF MAJOR KorPER.-The trial of Pat- rick Dowdal and Cbarlea McDermotfi for the murder of Major Kopper, Superintendent of the Weehawken Fer»*y, in May last, was continued yesterday in the HudsonCountyCourt,JudgeOgdenandAssociate Judges Fink and Pope presiding. . .Thomas Havens, whose direct evidence was givenon Monday eveniog, was crors-ex*miaed at consider-able leDgth, but the facts elicited did. not vary muchfromthedirectexamination. „ •„ , Wm. Pudy testified—I reside in Clinton streftt, New-York, »nd am employed on the Weehawkea Kerry *A a.deckhaad; w e w«-re layiBg the Wefehawk^n up, when Mr. Peel came down andfor a .'military parade in the city, and should" be more BRAMM—On Thursday, Oct 11, Robert William, aon of Gn*. I.uropafrequently used for.the purpose than it is. • — - • "tavns and Sylvia Ann Bramm. ;^i'' Adtiatie CAMPBELL—On Wednesday morning, the 17th inrt^, Mrs. Anglo-SaxonRegiment,^W::;i:*• •. - •• Mastathusttta. by tho Rev. N. Woodoridge, Mr Jaojea N. Towniood ot New-York tj Misa L. Lanhje 8ml h of Hadley. W H Y L A N D —VINCENT —At the reaidonce of the bride'aFulton....• f f i S M«ochMt«irHavre.Nov. la"vViiliam, son of George and Ellzaheth Brennan, aged 5 yeaniweatJSaatern, Folton Vigo..........MilforO Haven...New-York ....Oct 17 S«utbAmpton.....New-Vork.....Oet 17 Liverpool New-York,...'.Oct 17 Funeral at 1 o'clock,on Thtasday, from his lato residence, Uammonia..............Bonthampton.... .New-York.....Oet 18 .;.Liverpool -.y-..Cin*beo.......Oct 18 Liveipool Boston Oc-„ 20 Southampton..... New-York..... Oct 2*and 8 months.\ •/.Liv««rpofl Quebec........Oct. 25 • Liverpool........New-York.. ...Oct 2766 years. ~ North American....... Liverpool Quebec .......Nov. X TEMPERANCE ANNIVERSARY.—The. twelfth anniver- Her friends and those of her «on*, James and Malcolm, and of Jbbn Bell..............Ghwgow ....New-Vork ^v*. ZsaryofGreecpointDivision,No.99ofSonsofTempe- hersona-in-law. CharlesEamei,SamuelL.Gonverneour,jr, Vanderbiit...... Sotitbampton...New-York Nov. 1 and Alexander Gaw, are respectfully invledto a.tendthefa- iParaenjcem Arrivedrance, was celebrated last night in the Reformed D atch neral seivicts witboutfuttherinvitdtlsn, atthe Madison-Sqnare In iteamthiv Ncv>- York, from Bremtn. and 8ouOutmptan-i»Mary A. Campbell, widow of the late James Campbell, aged Perxiaandothers. Anagreeablemasical entertaSxtmeht was Oct 17, Nehemiah Denton, son of Adrian V. and filaiy. A. faoaily. Christine, Auguste HapwI. C H. W«b«r, Warrens,I INDORSEMENT OF A CANDIDATE FOR CONGRESS.—* \W o r ld sc.oOn PRiD,149 L&fajette avenue, on Friday, Oct 19, at 2 o'clock, p m.paseed resolutions indorsing the nomination of Daniel CONKLIN—In this city, on Monday, Oct 15, Mrs. Elizabeth vilk, Schufpenberg, Sohrap»d, John D. MaxilL, F. Hardmeyer,.The Kings County General Democratic Committeeotner Deovocra'ic candidates for Congress in the same district. Mr.WilliamWallistheRepablicannominee. age.•¥*» 1•?*fc •• • .•THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.—REPUDIATION.—before granting a discharge on ball, and asks the BoardhlB attention to a fjfttuibanoo abd ho ran out; there was quite a . to take, measures to aboueh such practices. The sub- BE1NS—In this city, on Tuesday, Oct 16, William FranklinRI«B WATBB TBIS J>AT.wasinthe box, helping cue couht the money.; some one calledfounders of- the government, and. of those, whotheir selection of a candidate, for if anybody can aac- administered it for more than half a century—which the mauth^y brought down; he-Bat down on a stool and asked for waB referred tbe subject of .the amouits to be levied: to atxend without further notice. eeedintheformidabletaskofmakingthelastAdmin-arethatSlaveryiBanevil,hurtfulaliketobothr*ctj8,water;whileMr.Kopperwasinthebox,helookedoutandsaid First-,forgeneralexpensesofSewerCommissioners,SCHRODER—Inthiscity,"onTuesday,Oct16,Hen-ietta.Cleared. Steamships—MountVernon,Layficld.Portland,BLB.CroM*-well It. Co.; Guadalquiver, Dockendorfl', Havana, D. D Wetter- Ships—Habana, McConnell, Hav^ua, Stnrges &. Co : Splendid,Trimble, Liverpool, J &. C. A. Dewolf; Rnine, Stokely, New- Orlesns.Barks—Mary Francis,Williams, Wilmington. Brown, DeRoswtf &Co.;Ljmau Humphries.Now-Orleans,Rooson&Fosdick;J. A Bazara, Lawson, Baogor-Brigs—Lotns, (Br.), Johnson, St John's, A. Smithext & Co.; Naiad, Rhhardson, Ci'nfuegos.Schooners—John Bort n, Lingo. Galveston, Norcross &Prince ; Julia Webb, Eldridg*', Lavacca, Noxcross it. Prince; Hiawatha, Evans,Beinr-uda Widdleton&Co;Lilly.Francis. Savannah,-seems tn«i Mr. Bucoanan has come to tho conclusion thatif be has got to go dowp. the whole glory of theDeBKxx.uc party must go down with him; and therewe sjmpatoize with him most profoundly. [Laoghter.]I sew but one danger to the Republican party, that is ofbeing so sure of a victory that w e fcmay fail in oureflbrts. But even against that.danger a remedy hasbeen invented, whichis tbe Wide-Awakes. [Cheers.] tiou from ^p|mgton to Poik. The elevation of the IwisheverytrueRepublicanwouldjointhatorganiz- Republicanpartyt>powerwouldmitigateifnotter-erably toni; think it was McDermott. . .. Cross-examined—A paity of four men, two of them'I think, the defendants, passed through the gate together; cannot »ay how many minutes after.waid that the disturbance cbmaaorioed;wa-er dt>bt.3 $60,000, reported adverse to raising those two amounts. The report was adopted.daughter of William L. and Mary Martha Taylor. WHITNEY—On Wednesday, Oct. 17,1860, of pleurisy, HannahShedd, *vife of Daniel Whitney in the 72d year of her age. The friends of the family are re»pectfully invited t-> attend her funeralfrom.herlatoresidence,No.75Bedfordstreet°n Fri-In consequence of this action no provision. can be heaidtt-eblowgivenbyKopper;didnotseetheKnifepicked. madetopaytheinterestfallingdueonthefirstofJan-ject was referred to the Law Co naii tee. Reins, son of David &. and Grace Relos, aged 1 year.The following bills were ordered to ba paid: S. S. BOGERS—At Monhttset,v Long Island, on First Day evening,sciiflle, and some one was shoved out of the gate way; about thattime. Mr Peel came In and said he was Btabbad; 1 did not havemuchopoo.t.uitytoseewhat*asgoingonoutside;somelittlewLile aner that, Mr. Kopper came in and said, " I am staboed, $165 60; P. Hals«y, $40; J. C. Yanderveer, $125; SPARKS—Tbe funeral of the late Amoret Sparks will take too ;•' he*rd some 'one s'rikibg outside, but could not see it; some SIace this lUth inst., at 2 o'clock p-m , fromthe residence of person was bronghtdown to^begate by Mr. Peel, who was said to Thos. Watson, $160; H. D. Guck, $375. er son, C. A. Sparks, tfo. 29 Fifth sreot, near Sonth Fifth be the person tbatstaobod Mr. Kopper; think that Dowdal was The Committee on Special and Local Taxes, to which. gtreet, wil)i*msbor^h The friends of the family are inv;tedMARINE JO UENAL.Pollurd,$1045; D.S.Jones,$2005;J.Cashow, Oct14,MonioMRogers.M.D,inthe75thsearolhisage.violation of law, see fit to use money appropriated for Boston papers please copy. on that Sunday afternoon; tbe first 1 saw was Mr. Koppar en- other purpofes. This is the first instance on record,of.William ?abin testified—I live at Weehawken and was presentdeavoring toput some menoutside the gate; he got two of th»mout;shouldthinkvhey.stoodtome10or12feetoutsidewh=n• •they said, "let's, go- in anyhow," or something to that effect; saw them put their hands in th«ir pockets and the two made a rush for the gate; Mr. Dikeman was standing by me and caught oneofthem,IthinkDowdal,andgavehimawnirl,sondiagmm toward tho dtck; Mr. Dikeman ran inside; the other man went inar,dMr.Kipper puthimout~ag*iia;hesaid, "byG—d,I'mlllarkeu-.Reported by Telegraph.SA V ANSAH, Oct. 16.—COTTOS—Sales to-day, 1,400 bales, with McCready. Mott &. Co ; Granite State. Hallttt, boston, D»jtoalast 1 saw of the one tint went over the gate; the other oneY.cllow. 7oai72c. PROVISIONS steady and unchanged. COFFEK firm. W1116KV activ« at 22^0. .PniLADBLVHM, Oct 17.—F'r.bvR firm. WHEAT active ana ad-vanced 2c.; sales 10,000 bush, white at $1 Wit) $ I GO; red #1 35®S1 40. CORNhas a declining tendency; Yellow at 73c. PRO- bouno E.; 15th, lat. 40 30, ion 7i, s«w Brem. ship Osean, bound VISIONS quiet WHISKV steady 3t23'S/2ic.OSWROO Oct 17-M3 p. m —Ki-orjR uuchaagedJ WHRA T in gooddemand, but ma ket nnseytled and lower; sales 3,000 b -sh RedSta-e at $-1 26; 2,000 bush. White Genesee at $1 38; 5,000 bush.WinterRedWesternat$)25£;3,000bui-h.doat$126;5COO pass10Chamberhin,Phelps&.Co. l'thnlt,•lat43,Ion.23,ex- bnsb. do at $1 26i|: 13,000 bush. No. 2 Chicago Spring at $112J;7,800 bnth. do. at 8>1 l-»i; 10 000 bush, do, to arrive, and 14,0o0neartheFourthavenue,byProf.Doromus.Tbeball tnd12to0bush.Com. - pass,toCLulicg. Sept.30.lat.43,Ion61,spokeBrem.barkCHJCAGO,Oct.17—6p.m.—FLOURdulL and5c.lower. WHEAT NoidAmerica,fromBremenf«rNew-York.was densely crowded, and amODg tbe audience we firm, but ic. lo-wer; sales 91,000 buibels at'89c. for North West-' Bark H Trowbildge (v.f New-Haven), Frisbie, BarbaJoes, bal-SIGHT EXCHANGE on New-EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE.—This Alliance met laet CINCINNATI, Oct 17.—FLOUR market closed with a deolining wood 10 Benry &. de Cordova.crowd down; when I came back agaiD I saw Mr. Kopper stand- Benj. B. Atterbury and Edwrard L. Fancher; Treasur- NEW-ORLEANS, Oct. 17.—COTTON firm; sales to-day at 1.0J'5>: King ii. Gocillor. ingneartoetntrai/ceontheinside;asIcomeuphesaid','I.am lieforMiddling. FLOURdullat$562i®$595. CORNat70® BrigJohnChrystal,Upton,Ssgua18days,molassestoF.Tal-. I'm out rah" in two"; he said, " Come with me "; If'llowed, G. Goss. Arrangements are being made to establishond ho went outside the-ga*e some ten feet, where Dowdal was religious meetings in various parts of the city amongstanding:Mr.Kopperstruckhimwiththisclub(shown);hedidiotsp«ak to Dowdal, but said to me, "That's the man": tbe non-churchgoers on week evenings as well aa upon street, will agree -with us that he has never seen a Schr. Crystal Palace Patterson, Wilmington, N. C, 19 days, Dcwdal did not utab hiin at that time, but previous; Dowdii the Sabba h. One place was agreedupon last evening, duller season in the horse mBrket in tbe middle of yellow pine, &o , 10 Teller at West . •••'•, ftaggered on his hands and knees, and then -run-TO or OOyards, Schr W»-8t Wind, Burnett, Alrxaudria, coaLwhen I anested and bro> ght him back to th? ticket office; tasked at Lebanon Hall4 No 593 Hudson street. Tbe first October than what prevails at. this very time. There Schr. W m . Bennett, Parker,'Virginia, wood.sung, amid loud cheering, and the meeting adjourned. date of the Disnnionista. Unless we mean submission, - Mr. Kopper if that was the man that stabbed him; he ssii it meeting at this place occurs on Tuesday evening next is almoet no trade, except to dealera, for stock to take Schr. B. Flsnner, Mejor, Charlokton 7 days, cotton to D. C .was; Dowdal sat down, and we washed the wound on h,'s head;After the conclusion of his speech at the Odeon, Mr. we cannot avert this revolution by elevating to power didnot»ee anything of McDermott; the white handled kniie a? ~\ o'clock.Schiiiz went immediately to the great Turo-Halle, ia the men who urged it on its course. We might as T*ell wak found where I caught Dowdal.-'Meserole street, which was already crowded with his attempt, in a thunder-storm, to contend with the light- Crofrfi-exomined—Think 1 came over in the Hackensack; there nitg wi.h an iron spear, invitiog the bolt, and bringing wer* two boats running that day, the Wehawken and liackeu-' / - . : . •o other chiee, in ahv.clasB of hors?s. The trade in Morrny. "-'•'.. lrigh-p ic»>d horses;U probably more thin any other class, and Schr. J. Lehman, Tilley, Jacksonville 20 days, yellow pine to next the clftss which 11 usually sought after by formers from tho C. B. D*.bbie. / .neighboring counties. It wa* j^exeraily anticipated that there 8cLr. R. K. Huntley, Copeland, Hatteras 6 days, shingles toGerman friends. A band of music bad been entertain- upon ourselves the more swilt and sure destruction. sock; when I came up there wa» no crowd outside, only Dowual John B. Gougb; the world-reuowned Temperance lec- work, because farmers had sold off their oxen very close, butand two boys; did not see Havens as I came up to the ferry box ;- ing them, and Mr. Bohr,-who presided, had made a The triumph of the Republican party would demon- the club whi. h is present belonge i to me.this anticipation has not been realized Neither, has the demand turer, last evening delivered his first lecture of a series for city woik horses been as go< d as Ubual at this ti ne of year.. shortspeech. strate its loyaltyto the Constitution,and sotheun- foended a'.arm tnat has been so industriously spread Hare Carl Schurz made in German for two hours throughout.the South will be quieted. The most rigidWm Armttrong, a New-Yorkofficer testified to havingar-retted McDermott on the arrival of the ferry-boat on tho N<;w-. under the auspices of the World's Temperance Com- wihth.ir horses the|past Sumaor, 10 th»t they do net wantSchr. Heniy Lameus, Johnson, Jacksonville 20 days yellovrone of those clear, logical statements of the law and facta of party politics, interspersed with brilliant flashes of wit and genial sallies of humor which havs madeconservatism would be the policy of the Republican party. They will show that they are the C'onstitn- uonal and the State-Rights p»rty. They are the Con- stitutional party, because tney propose to abide bythe ferry; McDermott went with him v61untarily; The evidence for the ktate was here rested.THE WOLRD'S TEMPERANCE COMMITTEE. —• Mr. would be a pretty lively demand from the country for Autumn Benton Bros.Scbr. Lady Antrum, Thompson, Plymouth, N C, 6 d\yt. shingles to Benton Si Bros.Scbr. Resolution, Garland, Plymouth, N. C , 5 days, sliinglesj toBenton &,Br^s.Tbestnge and railr ad nv>nmuat havehaduansuaily g'odinok.York ride; he delivered the prisoner to a Now-Jersey offiserat mittee. Tbe large hall of the. Cooper Institute was a< many us usual, or else they aie getting in stock for the Win- pine to J. H »lmes.Schr. C. M. E. Clees, Ireland, Newborn, N. C, 10 days, naval stores to J. L Davis.Schr. J. Holly, Thompjon, Plymouth, N. C, 6 d&ya, shingles ta ' BeDtt-n Bros.Scbr. Two Boy.s,Ward. Vlrgkia, potatoes.filled to overflowing by a most respectable audience. ter di/ect from the coi ntry; at any/rate they do not make aay Mr. Gough epoke with Ms usual brilliancy, and was gr*at drafts from the sale siables. In fact, the whole tnvde ap- puiis to be confined to a uoro retail business, and owners say at years; iBmun.leto JMcDermo't, aud hive known him since he enthusiastically received. He addressed.himself par- icsiog piioes. We do not anow wh-n we h*ve heard so much w*g about five'y ears o ^ , since wh'ch time ho has resided IU New- groauing about their hard luck, by those who bring in horses, asEVIDSNCK FOR THE BEKENSE. ' "Thomas Kelly testified—I have resided in New-York about fc5Scbr. Squire BrIns name respected and beloved wherever Republic every principle of the Constitution; they are the Na- Yorl;; never have heard anything against him before; McDer- ticularly to the young men,( showing the danger and there is at the present time. They Haj that mere is no luck for Clearman &. Co.Jros Powell. Georgetown 3 day?, flour to Sturge«.canism is known. He was received with intense en- tional party, because they propoee to deal only with mott is a butcher in the employ of John Farrell.Schr. Wm. E. Leegett Johnuon, Alexandria 3 days, coal.folly of even moderate drinking. He expressed a de- anybody In the hor*e business but tho stable-keepers -that they national suojecte; .and they are the State-Rights party John Garney testified—I reside in New-York, and have been ma»e mooey out of those who are. waitingimp»titeotly to effe tthe foUy of Democracy in a more ludicrous light than of the Republican party will tend to conserve the Q What is bis character for peace and quietness ? A . There one* are those of the owners of the horses. Some lots wo hear pine to N. Lickine'on. neverwasabetterman;IthoughtBOmuchofhimthataweek .hof.edscontobeabletoaddresstheoutcastsofNew- ofthathaveremained,tilltbeowners,-tiredofpayingboard, Scbr.KateWet-ton(ofNew-Hav»u),.Adams,MalagaSept16.i t was ever placed in before, or when he appealed to Union is, that it will prevent the greatest and, indeed, previous to this affair 1 proposed to take him into partnership. York. There are to be several more lectures in ihe have taken them ba^k to the country Certainly it is not of passed Gibraltar 2'th. f'uH to Fox fc Scofield.thusiasm, and listened to for the moat part in breath-Scbr. T. C. French, Webb, Suffolk 2 days, shingle* to Benton because they.will defend the rights of every State, acquainted with Dowdall the pa*t eleven years, during which ho si) e to speak before an audience which stood in greater sa es. But we judge thst this brunch of the business i 1 not very Bros.less silence. Only when some stroke of genius placed North and South. Another reason why the elevation has worked for me an a bell-hanger. need of a helping hand than the one before him, and good, for msiiy of the boardiug stables are not half full— th* fall S hr. Franklin B«ll, Robinson, Dcboy Inland* 9 days, yellov*only danger that menaces its stability; it- will prevent John Donoho toftified- 1 rtsido in New-York, and have knownthat German love of freedom, which is the ground- the throwing of the election into the House of Dowdall seven or eight yearn;;, as for as IknowhlB character is course, each one of which will be duly annoanoed.work of British and American liberty, and which Representatives. If the election of a presiding good. •' Samuel ItobbinB testified—I-was turn-key at the jail when» still strong in the hearts of the German officer, to the House could develop such sectional McDermoU was brought there; his face was bloody, and hispeople everywhere, did they make the rafters ring with their shoals of applause. Mr.inches on the left ride of the forehead which descondei to the SeaUrz developed tho radical difference between 'xesident will put a linal end to the threats of se- skull; a blow of that kind ought to kaoi-.k a man senseless.Schr. Wm. Bunnell, Hilllard, Virginia 3 days, wood. much use to brings horses here for sale ju»t at present. As the Schr. Pawnee, St. Johu, Virginia-.; days, wo^d.dull condition ol the market is all charged to tho Presidential . Scbr. Florida. Mott. Vt>ginia 2 day s. potatoe*.BERGER AND TIEMAN.—Berger's theater in Phelan's tionofPresidentweretakenfromthe'peopleand Dr.JosiahKomblowertestifiedthathewascalledtoattend building,wascrowdedlastevening. Bergerplayedan ?ut into their hands? The election of a Republican Dowdal at the Jail; found a cut about one and three quarter even gama of one hundred and fifty points with Mr.election, perhaps it will be better after election.• '. • ••• • • ' :•/CambridgeCattleHlkrkea.. REPORTED rox T B » N. Y. TRIBUNE, BT GEO. RUPP .Schr. White Clovd, Liutz, Virginia 2 days wood. Scbr. E James, Dobin, VifgioI*2 days, potatoes. Snhr S. Jones, Jones, Alexacdria 5 days, coat SC/T.O.p,Blnns,Cook,VirgiuiaSdays,wobd. Schr. Sophronia, Von Name Virgiuit 3 days', wood, S<hr. S Smith. Willing Virglol.*'« days wood.animosities, what would be the eflect if the elec- shirt was torn: iMcDeiniott gave tbe name of George McDonnell.Whole number of Cattle at market 2 011; about 1,000 Beeves addressed to our fears. The time bas come when we York, and dm a butcher; McDermott has been in my employ the self, won. by seventy-one points.' Tieman deserved the and 1,011 Stores, oonsloting of Working Ox«n.;,Miloh Cows, andthe Democratic and the Republican policy, showing cession' that are insulting to our manhood, because Join Farrell testified—I e lie 10Twenty six h at.eet, NewPchr S S.Allen, AlHn, Alexandria, 5 days, coalSchr. T. P. Siinpeon, Ehi*. virgiuia':'dajs, sbbigles.S c b r . A n n 1- l i z a , J o n e s . A l e x a - j d m » d a y s , c o a * .Scbr. H-uitilton, Rjder, Gcor^towu, D" C., bdays, co»l to S»f-t h a t t h e D e m o c r a t i c p a r t y w a s d o i n g e v e r y t h i n g t o s h o u l d c e r t a i n l y k n o w w h e t h e r t h e r e y e t r e m a i n s t o p a s t t h r e e y e a r s ; h a v e a l w a y s f o u n d h i m a v e r y q u i e t m » u ; d onot know that I ever saw either of thes*i knives. The defense maintain the ascendancy of the Slave States. For this, us the privilege of electing our own rulers. If it is here rested.p r a i s e s h e g o t i ' r o m t h e c o m p a n y a n d f r o m h i s o p p o n e n t . o n e , t w o , a n d t h r e e y e a r s o l d ; .FKJCKB o» MARKED BERK.—Uxtra, $6 f50®$7; first quality.Tieman of Cincinnati, andaLhough not equal to him- txn. i 1. '»« ^ ^ ' WKDNESDAY, Oct 17,1860. . Schr. Ma-in Elizabeth Booker Virginia3 days, wcoi,His execution was very line and proved that with a f»V<"*°0ad <»a,dit3'» &0 M i t ^ d quality, $3 50; ordinary, ford Si D dre. 'Ir. Kopper was stabbed by Dowdal. K the stabbingRegiment, under command of Col* Butterfield, was ia- cirenmetances, the evidence showing that Dowdal had tbe benefits lendered to the colored race by the African Hides, 6-aCio. & lb. - Tallow, GJSHiic. V ta. Pelis, $r<2>*175 A. H. Soloiucn. Sunday, 14th, ofl Baruegtt, toon «. ?il«. from.could be employed; for this, every effort was made MILITARY MATTERS.—Yesterday morning, the 12th was d ne by. Dowdal, then there, were mitigatins?Smith, Rogers, and H. M. Wilson. , They all spoke ofTotal ..2,011 9,700110335 , ,, ,out to the ferry, gate before he came in contact with with marked attention.and much applause. In con- best, large, fat, stall fed Oxen. Seoond quality Include* the be»1 shipping largo quantities of water; una been 10 days N. of Hat- the Slave States in population" and in power. Square, by the Brigade Inspector. The men looked Mr. Kopper, who put the men out of the gate. cluding Mr. Rogers read a very excellent poem, written gr»«s-.ed Oxen, (he best etall-fed Cows, and the beoi thxee-ysw t'jas.Schr. Annie Grant (Br., of SaJcon.be), Heath, Denia. Spain. 44 days, fruit to Gomez, WalH^V Co . * " " * » . P»-o. Steamer Boston, Crocker, Philadelphia, mdse. aud pass, io F. Were unanimous calls for him to *' goon." He showed Owing to the numerous parades made by this regi- the evidence to form a" theory aa to when the fata! man, would accompany Mr. Rogers to. Africa, and an There were 108 oais over the JCnstern AaUroad, 301 over the Perkins. Potomaka, Nye, New-Bedford, mdse, and pos*. t o• This he explained BO clearly and completely that the exceedingly-well, and went through many field ma- Mr. C. H. .Wiutield then followed in an'eloquent ap- by himself, entitled " A Jttan's a Man." It-was old Steeis. Ordinary oonslrtsof Bulla, *nd the refuse of lota.peal on behalf of the prisoners, and his remarks drew bHKKP—Extra inolndes Cossets, and when those hours spedlike minutes, and at thelateconclusionthere ntuvers with commendable precision. UaTg from many present. He/had been unable from announced that Stephen P. Douglar, a young colored quality are thrown outofinferfoi «"«*«f Boston and Lowell, and 50 over the Fitnbb urgthat the Homestead bill was as important to the pros- ment recently the ranks were not very fuL'. This regi- blows were struck, but if Jhe testimony of Mr. Havens, appeal was made ior aid to enable him to go prooerlv {., ^*-\KK*--There WMa large stock of Cattle at market to day,Steamer master.Steamer Josephine, Green, Philadelphia, mdse. to Loner k. Kirkpatrick. <St«an>er Penguin, Williams. Providence, mdse. to 1. OdelL Steamer Petrel. YOUUR. Providenc<<. mdse. to Isaao Odell. BELOW—Barks Nord America (Brem.), firoinBremeu; Talis-man, fiow Stockholm.SAILED—Ste«uwbips list-ana Havana and New-Orleans;Nashville, Chaileston; ships Dreaduaught, Liverpool; |Log»u, Havre.perity of the mechanic, or laborer, or merchant in the ment has met with many reverses daring the last fewEast ae to the small farmer at the West, for whatever years, but it has borne up against its misfortunes with recemd the; stabs until after he had broken the clubmurder. He then traced tbe- evidence from the com-mencement .of the difficulty netween McDermott aud B S o ^ h ^ S o f v 1 ^ ^ J ^ ^ ' parties, the Republicans devoting small time to Slavery, The annual inspection of the Sixth Regiment (Gov- the German;on tho bridge. His theory was that as 0increased the wealth of the West, increased in like de- great fortitude, and finally triumphed over them. OAgree thetrade and prosperi>y ofNew-York. He threw Thursday last it served as. a guard of honor to the District- Attorney Scvidder then summed up the case BESCHING-P ALjrER-In WillUmsburah on Tues.lnv ft,.f hack upon the Democratic party the charge of being a Prince, and vhe members on that occasion were com:. or the State, first referring to the law in reference towho bad a good opportunity to Witness the whole oc- & ^ r * £ . n ,address from the Rev. Henrv in, oddWoii to about 400 kepb-.-ver fro« last week; about h»tf the Cattle were Stores. The best Quality sold at last woekN nrloosr lower grades and (Stores dull, anip.ici. low". The market nowcurrence, was correct, then Mr. Kopper could not haveover Dowdal'e head. . ":Bheep rutherdull; prices lower; say shoutlijo..^ head." . ; . • r i — : —S s ^ J - J f ^ A 1 °f tb08" °«-<>'datfrPom *7 50a»SHKiiSfflbij* .^i?^?£ ,comPon> ,S«>od, und prime. t<'SiiitHiwThoKupplyofSheepconrinuesfair,butscarcelyeoualRey. Irving Magee, James W. Coursw of firooalyn to Mary 11 1 nuiiibor of Hogs iu market, the elicit especial interest. Know-Nothingism had grown manner, and the Inspector appeared highly pleased slingit'g M- Dermotfc out ot the gate;- Kopper, in the E. Moore ol thU cny. f *»<«jr number ,artrth7ard7foTti;gTp"to^Cows 0 8M0 each. TM?* v ?^ 7"negroparty,contrastingthelastConventionsofthetwo mendedfortheirsoldierlybearing. "Fhiladelplbia Cattle Ularkot—OCT. 17jThore was an excellent supply of Beef Cattle this*week th* offertnes amounting to 2,450 SxLd, most of w K o K zoodWIND—Sunrise, S. W.; sunset, S. B.while the Democratic Conventions, both at Charleston ernor's Guard), Col/ Pinckney, took place ai Madison Peel was jpnshirjg McDermott xip the bridge by the this1 city. 6 h °r l t ' W i l U , m J- B«TM?rt ^ . r i f e p S - o n l o f . condition The demand was good, and prices for priiw CattlJ The brig Fulmouth, lying at Pier No. 5, N. R., and bound ioandBaltimore,didnothingelsebuttalkaboutthenegro. Especiallyhappywasheinhistreatmentof"Know-B^ouloVrs, Dowdal followed and stabbed Peel; Mc-Havra)«, has tpruug a leak. She wiu be tskenon the S*cUonal Dook lor exuminatiou.Telefrraplt*SAVANNAH. Oct 17 -The sorew-steamsliip R. R. Cuvler,arrived «t Tybep at 8 o'cloos. Tuesday morning, loth, in 55) hourst f.om New-YorkNEW-ORLEANS, Oct 17.—Arr. ships Vandalia and WelUag- ton. from Ne«w-Yoik; Joseph Holmes, troux Boston.PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 17.—Arr. brig B. F. Nash. Leghorn; schr.Hoibentia,Shore.CapeHenlopeu.At the Mreakwater, dismatted, schr. Laurek, from Frankfort, Me, fcr Baltimore,mSpoken.By pilot-boat C. H. Marshall, N«. »—Oet 16, Monta.uk bearing N. by W. 20 miles, spoke *hip Black; Sen, of Now-York, (romthe great mass af foreigners of the name of Democracy 'without regard to principle; The' only way to ex- tingn'sh Know-No^bingism waa to out off lis root, byRegiment mustered 206 men including oificera.COUNTERFEIT.—Last night an attempt was made to drculate anumber of counterfeit *10 bills on the Northtook a club, and calling on Oificer Parlin, went oat srhoVo/s^^' ^and struck Dowdal over the head with the club. Mr.M'CONyiLL-9TOUT-On Tuesday,OctIC,atStPaol'.M. E Scudder closed.about 8 p. m., and the Court adjourned Church, bv the Rev J. B. Sagony; John M'Couvill of Rocb- to thin (Wednesday) .morning, when Judge Ogden will esttr to Carrie W., eldest daugntet of A. V. Seou:; esq, of thisdeliver the charge, and the case will go to the Jury. ' city*l 6 b» ? *«l. at from $25'*SquareonTuesday afiernoon. The Regiment turnedout in goodynumbers and looked exceodiugly well. The him .out side of the gate, and taen put Dowdal but; thatCONANT-CROMWELLpAt Caldwell, Lake' George, on Thursday,Oct.11 bythoRev.lH.H,Bates,MissEUenB° Cromwell to Mr. Thomas N.<;onan „ bcth of Caldwellcp naturally from the blind and implicit following by with the drill and discipline' of this fine corps. The been stabbed until informed by Haven; Kopper then 111LE'COUNT-SMITH-On Wednesday afternoon. Oct. 17 bvDermottwashandedovertoMr.Kopper,whoslnogexcitement of the moment, was not aware that he hadMr. G, A. 'Seixau of the firm of Van Buren &. Seixa* , MONTGOME.RY-RUCKEL-AtMier a briefHighland Garnett, the meeting adjournedM A R B 1 E B .•'Memorial Church in this- city, on Wednesdaj, Oot. J7, by «,e Rev.JEdwia R. P. C90I1.Untitled Documentto tbe demand the offerings only amounting to 6 500 head^all S w 1 aU fByo u n t e dTins mark/it has been very dull for some Ume pistN ^ « '^" ,TSun—Rises.Bandy Hook. 10:42 | Gov Island.....11-32 |HeB-G«te..... 1:13PORT OF NEW-YORK..OCT. 17.W. The N. Y arrived off the Battery at 6:15 a.m.Steamship Saladin (Br. screw), Beard, Kingston, Jam., Oct 6,Ship Au»oia, Barier, Liverpool 16th u l t , mdse and 368 pes*,Chiuoha IaUnd for NewBedford, 1W days out' ^•ft- ^^^^^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069, • ^.-. .••'• . ^8rs4i,-«W6. w^ppMi^^www.fultonhistory.com 