 XneM^#W^**WW*#WW***I>^*'IWPMWWI|IWEmpire State t h eBattleIt^SL^S^^tS*.9'rea'de in the district la sot be permitted to vote.wa* a corruption equally marked la re«•'*»*»«• V he did act than torongh a revolution, aad war* being gnawed <• < there la a gulfsay teat religion,Greene C Bronson,Heman J. Redfteld. WSTIIHTT.Presidential election, and the number of electors which each State has. Cut it out for reference :—would arise; the curtain would rail upon one bad drami Superior Court holding Its sections in several directSona- The name of William C. Rhodes, the democratic candidate and rise upon another sun glowiag with new life and nt one time In the Marina Court room; at another In thefor Inspector of State Prisons, was printed WUUam T. hope. After Tuesday next he thought it would be said1—S*lah R Strong, 2—John H. Brower, 3—J»co» A Weatervelt, 4—F Tab F . Purdy,S— William A Kobbo, ft—J. Depeyater Ogdoa, 7—Wilhnm B Duncan, 8—Stephen P. Russell, 9—Abraham B Conger,10-.DanioiaSt.Jobn, 11—EtishaP. Strong, 13-William Kfnt, IS—Martin Springer, 14—Jamea Kidd, 15—Italah Blood 16—Henry H Rosa,18—Charles Goodyear, 19—George C. Clyde. 3D—John Munn, 21—Ambrose 3 Hlggtaa, 22—Lnoius B Crocker, 33—Paaraoa Mundy, 34—John M Strong, 35—Etwin M. Anderson, 38—James M. Pulver, 31—Ulea Finch.28— :harles H Carrol, 39— Addison Gardiner, 30—John a SUnaor, 3d 31—Urrenso Burrows, 33—William Williams, 83—Stephen D. Caldwell.0 40.739 4 31910. 4 53 365 6 34,036 3 8,004 3 6,358Fillmore.38 5i2Rhcades. Letallvoterslockout forthatkindotdodges. TO TBS EDITOR TBI HIRALD.Niw YORK, Nov. 8,1860.I noticed an article In yonr Issue of Thursday, Novem- ber 1, in regard to the Hon. Jno. J. Shaw, stating that tie Twelfth regiment applied to be reinstated, and thathe (Shaw) opposed such reinstatement Now I, sir , am acquainted with the facts in this esse, which are simply ss follows—When the difficulty happened In regard to that regiment I called upon Mr. Shaw to use his Influence la the matter, and had a long conversation with htm In regard to the regiment, and I know that Mr. Shaw had several personal Interviews with the Governor in behalf oT the regiment, and used all the Influence in his power to have them reinstated. WILLIAM PYE,Orderly Sergeant Company E Twelfth RegtTHE CAMPAIGNSERMONS.HENRV WARD BKBCHEK'S INSTRUCTIONS TO HIS FLOCK ON THEIR POLITICAL DDTIBS—OFFICIAL COBBCr-TION AND BRIBERY DENOUNCED— THE HIGHER LAW VINDICATED—A POLITICAL MILLENIUM TO RESULT FROM THE ELECTION OF OLD ABE, ETC.ward opreseion andfratricidal wrong!wolid cea«e,and justice, equity, truth, liberty and love would be estab- lished for ever.in a public house, and for tbe present month the Special Term of this Court will be accommodated with the chamber of the Board of Aldermen. Thus jurors, wltnes ses and even clients and la vyers themselves, are puzzledcastingtheirvotes,whichwillbe done onthefirstWed- nesday in December. He may, perhaps, even wait un- til the scaled certificates of the electors are broken open, tbe votes counted, and the result announced in the pres-IT—DtThiO. Judsoa.BKPCBtlOAN KLSCTOM.71,703 — —1,000 33,105 48,534The vacancy created by the resignation of Judge PierreWUUam C. Bryant,anw, 3—tdwards W. FWke 8— Andrew Carrtgan,4—Jamea KAJly, 6— SigslmundK*h-wuimm A Dnrllng,9—Wm. H Robertnon, 1C—George M Grim,12—Jacob B Oarpeater, IS—Jonn F Wmslow, 14-Jaoob H. Tan Eyck,lo—RobertS.Hale, 17-Abijah Bsckwllh,0. Potoam. 18—Henry Churchill,30—Benj N. Huntington, »—Sherman D. Pbatps, 33—John J. Foote,34—JamesL Voorhoos, 35-WUttam Van Martor, ft— toba a Bseisy, 31—Frank L Jones, 38—lames 8. Wadswortb, 39-Earn d. Parsons,to Cnarleo C. Parker, 31—Bsma a Whnlen. SJ-JohnGrelner.Jr., 33-Jamm Parker.Minnesota 4New Hampshire. 6New Jersey 7Now Y ork. 35North Carolina.. 10Ohio 38Oregon 8Pennsylvania.... 27RhodeIsland.... 3South Carolina.. 8Tennessee 12Texas 4Vermont 8Vlrglata 1* 89,706 891 00,310their attention, manifested considerable teachings or the reverend gentleman.Interestin t h ethe bad accommodation), has been filled by J. W hite, Esq., appointed by the Governor, untU the people eteet their choice to morrow.Gofernor Lieut.1—Luther C Carter B Hoary BsatthSuperiorCourtw illhold sgeneralterm andtw o3—James hmmwaroy Mosas f. Oaatt.a - A J . WUimmsea Bsajamln Wooding their bitter animosities, came together, and by mean aits tempted Christ by insidious questions of re- spect It was not the first time that the devil's twoand be able to see religion in everything—in our every day duties, in politics, and in every- SVCERIORCOVRT.—Part I—No*. 222%, 681, 818. 967. its reservation Toe address «ben goes on to censiaer.......htBsart Do. . . . . . . . . . . Xspablloaa.aoa J. Taylor T^amanj and A- Oeaaiatg.... . . wptte*loan.J„ny,Cannier............*n»^»anySMtention, has died before actual naturalisation, aro also (•otitica to vote.Person* born oat of toe United States, of lateen who were citizens at the time of their birth, ore entitled to vote.Persona who bare made, or are directly or Indirectly interestedin,anybatorwagerdependlogontheresult of the election, are not entitled to vote.Colored men can only vote who possess freehold real estate worth 88M, oa which they have paid t*xes*iOouvlcta of any crime punishable by State prison can- net vote, unless pardoned and restored to the rights of citizenship.got what they meant to catch, and it would not bo the last (Loud laughter ) The very best preparation for performing their duties to the government of the land inwhich tbey lived, was a solemn consecration of them- selvestotheserviceofGod. Histexthadbeen often quoted for the purpose of uttering such a beggaralr senti- ment that a man should keep his religion and bis politlas separate. That was what every band of despotic rulers aad priests, most desired. "Country, religion, God and follow men, patriotism and piety, one and in acpeinUie," was the Christian's creed, and them e . . . . . D**Yaa Wyck. ••has* H. 8yir» star. ._ r . . . . am.I'aioo.Mos ,Bep^inaa,.Djsaoorat. Union.. Republican. . Democrat.. Republican.. Dsmoarat. K»pcb::e«n. . Oinr-wrat.PWBfc. ;'evening, having adjourned over for the election. There is nothing special to come before them immediaiely, andmsnici.38.089 to.Ott 196 878 48J40 170.874433 34,115 184.604—•» •'•»"•T XT JLJLWHOLE NO. 8824.THE COITEST II IEW YORK.NEW YORK HERALDFieldoftheCampaign. WtAMAiAnAlMlMMWMMWMWS.%WHOCANV0T8POMmtSIDKNr.The Great Change In the Sentiment ^a» v v w a>wwi»«TM•SYXACCS*, NOT. 4,1880, Account* rhvornbl* to fusion continue to bo received.The error is very prevalent that a sitizen can veto for wicked but detestably wicked. There never was a period hoped the Lord weald deliver tbem from; bat that Prestdtntial electors even if he hi disqualified from since this goverassaat was established when there wa* was ant what be meant by religion to politic*. No, be voting for other candidate*. The laws of Coegrass de- such boundless corruption In the use of money aa the meant aa Individual religion—x reeling 'teat would directpresent hoar. He (the speaker) was In conversation w to do right—a fasltog that would prompt as to do went•oath farollM, Fleridi, Alabi.a, Mississippi tid AtoMS tt for*a Sootaern Coiftjeracy.4 Convention of the Horth and Southto bo Called to Promote Reconcil ation and to Amend the Constitution.%UT*sayshowUlboerectedbyMOtoMOnmjorlty.The hotting lo v*ry targe on the resultstep by step, and aw bad reached aach a condition of oor ruption teat, If there was act Christian resistance to It,A Virginia Clergyman's Views of the Movement.GOT. Noll & Brown, of Tenaeame, H addressing tbonesting b*r* tonight ft % Tongntml, Into republic**casdMete for Mayor—a New York merchant- • Prest-4mt of the meeting. Jodge Harvey Bnldwin alsospoke. Recorder.CITYPOLITICS.ws would be carried down into the sewould be so when, tea years ago, it declared that God'slawwasmoresolemnsadblndiguponaman'sMISCELLAINirEBOpUl B POLITICAL ITEMS. LOOK OCT ros Boecsi BrrrtRs —Black repablisan hire-The Brookinrldgo State Ontnmlttoo Is doing front ser- vice in opponltlon to the republicans. Tbojehn A. Greta, hi eontlnooily nt work.tnucrsn, N. T , HOT. 3—P. M. Continued Rqforttfrom flat hkritr toeorablt to (ft* Union-ist*—A Peaceful Mmktim Qoimj On to Wejkm /Vow Fork—ITW Stntt ifat Sure for Lincoln, etc.•trrognte.Edward 0. West — JonathanN Trotter.Charles Pock.Smith Ely, Jr. MEMBERS OF ASSEMBLY.T h e C o n t e s t Iter K n g t s t e r — T h e C i t y C o n - ooasetenoe than aay mere human law. cry of derision a a i a a atheistic howlinlng a t thepit, until "theThe moat oheensg aeoonato continue to poer la from allsections abont the revival of a national fooling la ton T—Daniel Young.were defaulters. In conclusion, he thanked God that the The enthusiasm in all the rural districts of the State la candidate for this office. We have ctrefully surveyed great straggle whim had been preparing for twenty-five Intense. Crowds flwk to our meetings aad are eager toJ Reilley.lection of the Empire State. The nationals hare a ponderoue majority and a ponderous power to contend against,and It astonWhea one who BM beea upon n tour through S—Jahn Cafirey.join In the good work of defeating Lincoln The cities are altogether outdone by the spirit and enthuslMm or the country. The republican majorities la all the coun-w8B*tthe South recently to Bad that la Onondaga, a Glbral-tar of tbo republlcane la the oentro of Now York, no aa, freely avowing IhsanaelTiia an aach,10—Lake F. Cesnns. 11-Wm MoOonkey. Ill—George J. Campbell.13—Thomas Higiins. 14—Theodora B Voorhtes. 15—George W. Verian. 18—Crandall Rich. 17—Sydney P. Isgrabam.I m p o r t a n t f r o m R i c h m o n d . Bicaxoan, Nov. 4, I860.a n to ha af feeling reglea.It OTtonca the existence of a good atoto rational as well as saejs***! men la thisdate; aad all who wish to prevent a republican being elected will know how to east their vote.he would never fan to rebuke slavery, aad to urge its Christian extermination and the maintenance or the free- dom of this great peeple. What a history la those thir teen years. What hopes and smuggles and cheers. Whatand make good their pronises, the State la safe and Lin- coln wlU he defeated.A large and enteusiaatlc democratic meeting WM held tost eight in Metropolitan Hall, and addressed by (San. August, T. 1. Cropper and Patrick Henry Aylett, District Attorney. The speakers were strong to favor of disu- nion and resistance In case Lincoln wm elected, aid they were vociferously applauded.Notices war* given ont In all tbe churches today, by theclergy,forprayersfortheUnion.There is to be s meeting held in the African church to> morrow, for all denominations, to unite to prayer to avert the dacgera that threaten the country.Politics are ragtag high here. Men, women, boys u i girls talk about nothing e'se bnt politics and disunion.T b e R u m o r s tsa W a n s U a g t o a . WASHISGTOS, Sunday Evening, Nov. 4,1860.Quite a somber of letters have been received by tbe Secretary of War from moderate and Conner rati ve men in the South, asking him to station a sufficient num- ber of United States soldiers In all the arsenals aad forti- fications In the South to prevent the arms being seized by the negroes, who, It hi feared, wiU attempt insurrections in tee event of Lincoln's election.Mr. Stevens, Chairman of tbe Democratic Executive Committee, to day received the following despatch from I. C. Mitchell, of Montgomery, Ala.:—Tbe despatch that the Breckinridge d a b of this city held a meeting on tbe 18th of October, and openly an- nounced their preference for Lincoln's eleoUm, in order that the Union may be dissolved, is aa unmitigated false-Thoro hi a saver* contest to thts Assembly districtThe CniagTeanauB at conoeded to the republicans byalargomajority, b« theAssemblyman istoogroat question sad too groat petal at Sonne. Myers, therepublican candidate, la bound to he defeated, If 3-Michael W.too core of tbo existing political excitement la Syracuse. 17—Sydney P. ugrabam.Cosgremiosal district, has made the election of Bmj Wood a fixed fast, and baa left the contest a fair aad iqanreoneInthatdistrict Mr.Mather'sWends,witha few unimportant exceptions, are now heart»y at work for Mr. Wood.The compromise in toe Fifth district upon Nelson Tay-lor has secured another district to toe enti-repnblioans, thought they ware to have a revolution, for there and settles the fate of Geo. Law's ferry monopoly repnb waa only on* thing that tod him to doubt, and that wa* Itwas to good to be true. "W e did net succeed," said he ltesn candidate. The only district now left for the eon We did succeed; w e lost and w e won—we were defeated,black republicanism than ever before.Tan Rrvn Coransa —The Union ticket will go tothe power of all the anil republicans, aad too power ofseven hundred pro-renuftlloans, who ham signed a doou-avaet arowtsg taow determination to rote agatnat hint,via a*att. Caot Myers, meanwhUe, keeps a benign aspect.Be la sa seats) aad personally agreeable aa ever, bat alittle nervosa. What trade has been male In this district 8—law. E Hill.ha (Mr. Beecher) was permitted to go Into theof Onondngn, about a transfer from the Assembly to tooelectoral ticket, cannot weU be stated. It i«aa yet a pro-found secret Bat Myers hi coursing around tonightamong the boys, Jast as Marshal Tukey, whilom of BJS-ton did, whoa be wan before the people, pronouncing his 14—Btward Murray. election a foregooer, and that he will run In by irom Are 16—Geo. W. Vnrian. hundred to eight hundred majority. Thia local esprit Is IB— —and sogotthe victory. It was the truth declared in re sped to the national tomes in that memorable campaign that laid the foundations not only or the grert revivals or religion in 1867, but that had been working as aIt eclipses the Presidential contest altigsther, and men are to bo seen running about the streets with rolls of bills in their nanla ready to bet against Myers, who, yon will remember, was elected to tbo Legislature last year by about MTea hundred aad fifty majority. Hoary bets are pending on the result of the present electionSo confident am the fuslonJsts that they win carry a etroag comparative vote against Lincoln, that beta have been wade— First, that Mj e n wilt not bo elected; second, that Lincoln will not carry the State of N e « York; third, that Lincoln will not bo elected.Money In large quantities is floating around for betting purposes ffts repoblicans are taken abaak at what tony term the presumptuous conduct of their opponent*. "3tx thousand for Frenatnt In Onandaga," they c r y , "and talk about our candidate not carrying the State of Now Ywfc. Preposterous," A ad away they go, I most oartainly m y , m far aa my own goes, la rather obscure cor- ners, to talk, onaatdar aad cogitate noon the chances.The bora idea that thoro Wa doubt about republican strength west of Cayuga Bridge is »aiBaJent to secure ado-rrtion. —7 _8—Andrew Lewis. 9—John a t Ramsey.10— — 11—John Hardy.13—Geo. J. Campbell. 13—Geo B King. 14—Rlbert Robertson, la—Geo. W . Varian. 18—Law. R. Kerr. 17—Sydney P. Ingraham.from the present attitude of toe voters in that district, will find his supporters—if he remains in thefieldon etoo tioa day—few aad far between.James Hayes, the Tammany candidate in the First As- sembly district, has withdrawn is favor of the Mozart Bail candidate, Mr. Callahan. Our reporter gave Mr. Hayes a« a runner In the recent notice of the Assembly candidates; he is a market man, holding forth at Fulton market, and is not such a wonderful bad looking person after all. Mr. Callahan, the Mozart nominee, Is a plum- ber by trade and now works at that business. He will, under the present condition of political affairs in that dls- trict, stand a good chance of being elected, and In personal appearance and abUity compares favorably with Mr. Smith, oae of his strongest opponents.there were many men alarmed, b n t neither intimidationnor any bribes could stop this victory or God Almightynow. He thought tbey had come to the time at last, andthat the silent forces or a million of votes on Tuesdaynext would bring back thts nation by legitimate roadssad by measures unforced, and normal and right, to thefoundations from which they b a d slid b y t h e terrib'pressure of slavery for years aad years past. And whwould he the resell? God did not reveal hie counsels to1— Andiow J. Provost Thomas McKlrath. ExGOT.Netll&Brownaddressedthedemocracyhero2—JohnCavanagh,* MarcusD.Moore.T erm off trie L a w Courts.other capacity. This is not regarded as mere remjr.to night, nod the booming of cannon at this moment an aoenoea the fact Mr Loagmreet, forouer republican candidate for Mayor, is the presiding officer.THE CANDIDATES.Presidential, Executive and Other State Officer*. Congrem. Legislature, County Officers.David T. Easton. 3-Th9optollus C. Calicott. t 4—James Darcy. 5—William C. Jones. C—Joseph Ni sbltt.Robert D. Woodland. 7—Wm 3 Mitledollar,«Nathan Comstoctc. John a Commeyer. WUUam C. Andrns. John M Stearns.George H. Fisher.committee, numbering fifteen hundred, to be sta- of these thing*, was too oontemplble. He wanted his tioned at the several polling districts to the congregation to be men or nothing; be did not want them to stand between, to get the kloka of both sides andof the various State Courts is supposed to commence, butbe al'.syed by such balsams for ita wDunds. To* pro- ceedings lo South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia and Missis sippi have an air of business more portentous than the loudest demonstrations. Tbe convention n South Carolina wUl offer precedence ;i the secession movement to the other cv-tcn states, but at tbe time time will enact a'l measures necessary for ber separation alone. Her Legisla-8TAT1 0FPICEB8.Democrat. Dougiat Democrat. t. Brady. Wm. Kelly.K Vleie. Wm.F . Alton. M.Jayoox. WatW. WrightW. Allen. Wm.C Rhode*.The Court of Oyer and Terminer stands adjourned to Mondsy, the 12th Instant, but none of the very serious murder esses will be brought np by tbe District At-MoOmhw, Jr .W ocott. .Rimbltcaa.tion from tbe Mayor respecting the expenses of entertoin- log his Royal Highness, Of England.a* a a a a a*Caaaaiaa cB Biraoi' Ellis awbee.OOHQBSdS. Bopubliran.ujseaooratHipnottcau. Djugtas Desaocrat a»,.ubliAn. Fasten.I.... • •. if^©pie a1493,1497,1608.1281.884.688, 1461, 1468, 1843, 1471, cedUg States rrem the Untoi are *««*** •««**> •**+ 1868 1878,16. 801 616, 946. 987, 808 Part IL— No*1438,1908,1686, 1012>i 1018, 1314, 1444, 1638, 1008, mentative manner, n which iheairtjw fsde.tor** That 1676,198,1462,1646. motive is not the destruction uf the f J f ^ ^ ^ S JComtig.... . OMaicrata McKaaa.. . ReputUoaa.ligifia, and if every man would only think or tela when he0 BsteeatT H e p * * * * * * 'TO THiq KDItOB Of TBX HXKAtD.comes from the Southern leader* of the Unioa party. Meeting, M It does, tbe wishes of tbe great majority of tbe secession party of tbe South, we may now expert the resistance to Lincoln's election to take a cjaserva ttve and esaatlirittoiial form. Tbe dkmalo* men per «r taB toto tbe affair becanee jVbey are eoateent that to teea luTts. A. Whee o r . . .C. D itjoerat. Repnb!i«a.. \ nmhiic a. .Osmoeratthe voter- signs, it is a nullity, if * m t a nation in the necessary hardens of sustaining the govern,obasge* his residence between the W ednesday pre rlous, ment. Buymastgjv*samochtimetostudyaadr*- it la believed he may vote, on furnishing that as a reason flectlon upon fntolta M B S " * * was mwatrw* la bW affidavit, and giving his householder oatn to make term intelligent observers a a d inlet,now answer the question of What Is politics? It Is the right method of governing, so M to bettor obtain the liecessltfcrs of life by a combined power, aai to strengthen the relatioa existing between the State aad the tadlvldaaL Politici, therefore, WM or ought to be above the emaUness of office seeking and Small xmblttea. It should know an North. &>utb, B u t orI recollect of toedbig la the ******_time toAugust tost or a gross outrage committed at Bto Hacb^New-Greu^,by^r«volutto^J^ tee endtheir extremep>li:y wtU be confirmed Mr.RhettAtxiMm.Wm. Godeil. Sydney A. Basra.tied to vote, provided he has lived In the State oaa year, ,n the county four mouths, and toe district thirty days.It is required of naturalized eitixeas, however, that they shall have beea naturalized ten days before the elec- tion.Foreigners must hare lived fire years la the country, aad given two years notice before a court, in order to en- title tbem to naturalization. But If they come to this country under the age of eighteen, toe two years' notice la dispensed with, and It hi tutfloient that they have lived Ave years in the country.Those wbose parent* were naturaltztd before tbey were twenty one years old are entitled to vote as If born is the country.other, a* soon as they had Christ between them theyfound waj Bto join their hands la order that they mightput him down; for when there Is a great truth or justicewhich rebukes men, sad which they therefore hate withall the ardor of wickedness, there are no extremes thatwill not find a helping hand olasping medium betweenthem. And so the Herodlans and the Pharisees, conceal- that to be a good citizen you must exercise piety to God,Rtpul.Waa.. Braaaartdge dsmaorat. . 0 santjsjdvBsoorat .Bmabtisaa..OmvMrat.Bjpiablicaa..tl*av«era'..Bapwbtkaa..ftoa«crat.Dtagtas Desaocrat. BH>nbrstoa. Brock. Djaglas .R:?a"»licia.Diogias- Brecaior'dge.Kapablteen.Breckinridgemuaity. Tb* Christian otttosa was rassaasffto f* the laws made In the oommunity, and also for the selectionPerson of the United States Ceasal sad the flag af theOnited States; sad I am happy to learn by a recent arrival from there that tbe eemamadar *f oar a,nadro*la firm In toe convictlaa that the Northern.Stats* wiB either act meet the South hi ooventloo, or, U doing s>, that tbe Cemeada of the Sooth wlU act be yielded to or27*-oilrr>adara Dnrtn I | H - • _ • A r*nmr..Republican. • • > • nreww/' on. BMtvsay » , , , , „ ..'sssaeaiet.of theconnuy havebeeapermittedtorotehero,Ifthey were utterly regardlesa of to* corruptions that w)•• ^ES£??wt? ?• ^ ' V ,*1«ctk,» «**• Thia m clearly un- boring to tee very oentro of their own institutionnavies,and forma** periahable, but rttigte* is•O" i» o veo >amtmoux|LV. .. Repaol'caa. • Caaa 0 tt. Waiktv.,. . .l>ea»OC a t .AWF^^jViiT©** a i y • • • • * * • * • • • • Republican. 30— Au^ttitiui ffrajsk.* .. Rep o b1lean. 81—•••itVa» B m . . , . o . . . .. Republican. sa*-s»-w.tspeujorng..........tfepuoiioaa.DoiooneOiw. stavae..... ..Democrat.Carinas Cobb.. ..Bent tnridgt Democrat83—Reuben E. Fen ton.. ..n>0ab4tean. M. BonntU , Democrat*HEW YORK OOUSTY AND JUDICIAL HOMI- NATIONS.^onstitutioaal, and should be stopped. It u tarpwtoat to: f S L 7 . h ^ f J S U o T - 0 t **»»•»? offering to vote, metded to the opinions of men. We had goto the ancients never dreamed of LeiCMket.Court.... George tt Btreard Geo. (J Barnard.Court... Fred. A. Tallmadge Hrcbaei Ulehoeffer. Abraham U RuaaeU John T. Bodtowi. Bdward G. West Edward a went. John H McCuaa. John tt. McCunn. James Lynch. Mat. T. Brown*.M i M I C. Seawarzwwlder.Smltb B y , Jr.who told him that no man could conceive the extant to which bribery waa employed la voting. Tbey had long known thai Bribery was employed la legislation, and the lobby was nothing but a coffin. Tbey had only to m m over one leaf or Albany hlatory to see the shaas*-ITestdeui down, and than all could my that tueir "con- vernation WM M becometh toe gospel of Christ." to eoeabanoa be stated that, as a minister of God, he wootd not attempt to toll or! teach tbem to what manner to cast their vote, whether for Bell, Breckin-ldge, DouglasSnmgate City Jodge"all ballots" shall hereafter, in all tee election district less and abominable corruptioa of jostle* in legislative or Lincoln, but he wanted them to go to the poll* with aGonrt..,thorolofimshtstablereelingonto*Assemblyticket Mr. Superior Court... Fred.ATallmadge.JamesW.White 8—MembersofCongress. 8—Judicialofficer*Register.,ogressional Dl.trtcts.The gnat lwtl bat.teof this campaign in this city iscapital, and echoed from pulpit toTninksof It. OBGlllZaTIOl OF I1I0TE IEI.Pooooee•.with persons wkom they know intend to support the Unioa electoral ticket for the purpose of depriving tbem ot their votes on the day or election.4*tt JVoca.t 1—John Cnllannn. 2-Wm. Walah. 8—Wm. McQanley. 5—Charles Blauvelt *—SamL T. Webster.Tammany.Wm. Walsh.W. J. C Kiane. George B Hall. SamL T. Webster. Daalel Young.Oscar H Bogert. Joslah R. Dunn.Law a Hill.John D. MacGrogor. Luke F Oozana.John Hardy.George J. Campbell. Andrew Smith. Alexander Ward. Robert C Hutching*. George W. Varian. Henry Arcnlarla*.Jay Jarvis Joaa*. J'lsnWJJCW4A^,/a».Jamas Fitsglbboaa.John C. Gaw.Nicholas L Edward a Dean.Edward Dunn.ReputU:an.Joseph A. Gardiner. TraH. Tuthill.W. H Gtlaoa, Lewis Hopps.John J. Shaw. Edward A. Fraxer.J. Wilson Greene. Andre* Craft Horatio N. Sherwood. Robt a Boyd.Camming* H. Tucker John Hooper.John LambreshtC. E BwdaalLJosao Fonda. Edward 0 Johnson. Dennis MaOabo, John P. Cumming.bottom out of the ship why should not the AtlanticOcean come in? When the whole force of public senti Never, at this point of time prior to an election, have1—Jacob L. Smith. 3—DanielLeamy.Albanywithsixtythousandmajority.1—Diit.trntas COTJUTY.Janamar Democrat*. Btpublixme.get toto their cradle* aad get their graudmothere Nothings-to sing tbem to aleep. (Renewed laughter.) It wasnaturalfor a baby to be a"raid or wolves and witchato The Novemberi i iJohnCav*John Conway. 4—Wm. O. Shea. o—Chan. Blauvelt. ft—Snml. T. Webster. 7—Daniel Young.Albany estimate the majority for the Union electoral ticket In this State at twenty five thousand.9—Chariat H. Innos. 10—John Bailey, Jr. 11—W. MeOoakey. 13—Geo. J. Campbell. 13—Thomas Hlggins.aervetlre forces to uhite^s that of the Sixth district, where wefindbangers on to old Tammany trying to electdonee tbey were brought to toe eve of a struggle The Japanese candidate, that is kept to thefieldby Boole, that could not be turned aside or defeated. He knewGmuT RxDccnoN—The black republicans have reduced the estimate or their majority forty thousand votes. The opposition will reduce It forty thousand more on Tuesday.LOOKOct FORTB* WIDE AWAKKB—Hany or these prac- ticed professors to the use of the torch, who are not vo ters, have succeeded la getting their names registered, and while they are hanging around the polls, ostensibly for the purpose of preventing fraudulent voting, they wUl slip their ballots Into the boxes.Tan GRir.iaoN Bannoan Has-—The blask republicans have nominated for re election to the next Legislature of this State the prime mover, the financial operator, and sevenofthen*foliovert, whogotup. managedandput—LOOKOUTFORSrrBidtm TJCXXTS—The black republicans bare issued what they call straight D>uglas, straight .Breckinridge and Bell tickets, and they will endeavor toforce them Into the bands of opposition voters.• • • • • •A. M. Blningerhigher law " became a byword, and nowhere else so mushAndrew Spear.* Breckinridge democrats.t Member of the last Assemblygation was a middle man, for he believed that they all would shoot their votes as the rifleshot \U ball, only death would not follow. Hegloried that he lived In this era, and WM thankfal that be WMpermitted to labor for thethe Etitam or litigation for a few daysThe universal complaint or want of court aocjmmodatlon Is stiU wailed forth, but stUl unheeded by the authoWisconsin. Tote'5806 1,888,383 1,341.514 874,707py to see that juries seldom toil to give tbe companied by guarantees which shall impart permanaacyEUiort. Buchanan.Iremont.—-30,691 86.16.5 43,715 2,B16308 6,175 - 4,833 — 42,4*996189 87 444 94 375 33,386 43,954 9,1803 1 4 67,416 — 20.709 67,179 3,325 2 8 1 47,460 108.190 19,63610 56,081 11 105.348 13 118 670STBKET METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH. Politics, now the only topic or Interest in New York, hasatlengthreachedthepulpit,andwe arecalleduponthis week to record a sermon, in Which it is set forththat politics and religion ought to be inseparable, in orde'to preserve the Union whole and entire. A sermon orthis character was preached yesterday morning by theRev. Charles K. Harris, or the Greene street Me-thodist Episcopal Church, and W M listened to.by a very targe number or people, who, by pent from the Superior Court bench (in consequence otWednesday In February. The States, therefore, that proposed to wait for Alabama,(may,after all, postpone ac- tionforthreemonths and a half a'ter tbe decisionof Tuesday next Is practically knownOur Baltimore Correspondence. BALT MOKE, Nov. 8,1830.Imtxniani Newt from Out South—Union Men Acting mith the Stcation Parry—A Conoentkn of AU the State* tobe Called Cpsn the Secettion of the Ckiton Statu—A final AdjustmentoftheNegroQutttSmtotheConventionofAll the Stattt—Combination of the Cotton Power teste North- ern Manufacturer* Againtt England—Historical Correc- tion—Bmru C.ay't American Potieu, sfc , Sc ,We hsre cheering news rrom the extreme South, news which must carry gladness aad pride to every American heart ItIsnowagreedbetweentbeleading menof tbe Union party and some of tbe ultra Southern men to turn tbe secession or the cotton States tote a constitutional measureforthefinalsettlementoftbenegroquestion,so-4 30,170 1 3 T4 643 0 33104 8 89 080 8 39,115to transact Its business. It is expected that the Court of Sessions will be removed to its old and congenial quarters at tbe Tombs, aad that the spacious room now occupied by that branch of criminal justice will be banded over to tbe Superior Court, whose judges are glad to go anywhere from the little, dingy room over the fire engine house, corner of Centre and Chambers streets.Maamrt-Thwmaavsidential electors, and not otherwise.HOW TSTaV VOTES ABM TO BR CANVASSED.By a law of the State of New York it is provided .teatJohnR Brady. BsaJ. .from fifty cents to 8100 They knew that men were after toe parting hymn aad benediction, the congrega- bribe*attheFivePoints,butItwaamarvellous to hear tion retired, the male portion of which, we trust,that forty mile* out of toe city men set a price werepoliticallybenefitted bythe Reverend gentlemans for the performance of their duty. We were going down discourse.Recorder ..••..., Chan.A.lay. Tnos BViaBare*, Surrogate........ Malcolm Campbell. David R Jaoxes. City Judge. , John i Livingston John Sedgwick. Kaww^ai*-••••••••i Jamea Lynch. JohnKeysor.*B^*fl^*wi» w SBwtr» • o O o O o i Lafayette Harrison. Wm R. Stuart Ibrnmanj hrtptlar. BeU-BoerttLBuptesneCourt....JohnM.Barbour. JohnLeveridga. Abraham qRnaneU. —4-StateSenate. •—Members of Assembly.9—Poliosaadcivil justices.—•w*p»-r(New State)38.346(New State ) 380,771 147,863 6,080 11,467It having been hinted yesterday that Henry Ward Beecher would hold forth on the coming election, Ply- 1,675 monthchurchwaicrowdedtoexcesslastevening,almostan hour before the time for commencing the services.After the usual preliminary devotional exercises wereperformed, Mr. Beecher announced his text, which wastaken from the twenty-first verse of the twenty-secondchapter of Matthew —"then saith He ante them,reader therefor* onto Caozar, the things which areOat's, sad onto God thethings that are God's.'' Inhis introductory remarks he m id there were tw o partiesutterly opposite in everything exaept in wishing to entrapChrist The Berodlsas were the adherents of the Ro- regard or veneration for ancient things. No, "go ahead"man Intrusive government. The Pharisees abhorred is their motto, and it Is only natural, for we are only fol torney until the stultified section or the act of tbo last that Roman government and preached dlsobedienoe to lowing the example shown us by the crew or the May-63,84880,090 620cometh the Gcspel of Christ"After a few prefatory remarks h e told that there WMIN8TRTJCTIONS TO VOTER3.There hi always a large class of parsons who, not fami- liar with the law on the subject, are uncertain whether they are entitled to vote. For their benefit we note therepublics and oar own, because the Amerijan nation has thrown off all aUegtanoe to the past Amerlaans care not for old institutions and ivied Antiquities. They have noCitizens through the carelessness or drivers or conductors.Legislature with regard to capital convictions is repealed or amended.38,233 876,004 — 187,t9T89 896 28,131After the usual exercises, the Rev. Mr. Harris cameforward, and s i an introduction stated that he WM afraidthat he should Bay something that might perhaps tread Tbe calendar la unusually large, Two. branches of the82 202 (Heeied by* l^lslstara)upon the toes of some of bis hearers, but that he could not help that, M there m i but one course to pursue, and that was the path of duty.Circuit Court wiU be held, the calendars of which em* brace the usual amount of actions against insurance companies and other public institutions, including rail- way companies, ftr damages done through tbe gross ne-78,686 — 31169 — 10.069 88,56166,117 15,089 545He took his text from toe Epistle to the Phllipplans, 1stchapter, 87th verse —"Let your conversation be as it be gligence and recklessness or their servants. We are hap-10,887Those whom rather, having made his declaration of In- sides came together and found they had notSome will admit that religion has something to do witheverything bat politics; and when a minister of the Gos-pel touches upon that subject will order him to stop, andtell him that the duty or the minister Is to preach Christcrucified. Now, he wished to know what Christ cruci-fied WM? Is tt not to make all feel with a loving andbrotherly feeling towards each other? and does notpolitics come under this head? Bnt what Is polities?This question he would answer In a short time. There wasa time when the Maine Liquor law was oonslderei politics;yet wbea a minister preached upon temperancs and theevils of drunkeuess, he WM touched upon the shoulder,and informed that he w m Infringing upon the rights ofthe people, and should stick IO " Christ crucified;' audIf n u b were to be admitted to morrow as a State, he supK^Sitlon oftheSnath>eforaPubhcpmst T ^£S£'andTr^ventSMom S £i??J!u. I~mL either a blind eubmimion to the free [?£££*%& -m^eAtow. Staff, or afinalappeal te !a7»t*n»ea*S of tbe public mind, male in a man- ner to arrest attention and command rerp-ct. tbe seeed-But, besides the preceding requisites, it is also neces- traitor's creed was, "Politic* is polltlos, andposed thai t i e minister would not bs allowed to preachagainst polygamy for fear of offending some of the reel M tbey feel very sore about being snubbed reepeetlng the not suit Mr. Rhett or his frtoade. They are dis-dents of tee ae.v State. The same with slavery. A mi- Prince of Wates' reception, we hope the result of the unionists per se, and desire a permanent disruption ot sitter of Gag's law coud ntt tell who they were the government, and the formation of a Southsary that every oitlxea should oe registered IDorder toentitle him to vote. Should he negtett this he wilt haroreligion is religtoa." Ho proposed to consider what duties Christians owed to the U n i in which they lived, and proceeded to numerate a series of duties.tittuiiing when pros-hiag agaiast the custom election to morrow will put them to good humor, and era confederacy. Bnt tbe great mats or tbe Slataa ot the day. The text, said he, is full or politics, that tbey will reconsider tbelr action cm the comsBunlca- right* party or tb* seceding Bute* earnestly desireto make aiHdavlt oa ejection day as to the reason why henaaaaVn%Mtxta,KaA also produce the c^ldenaeof a 1'very citi. <m owed to the State a virtuous and uprighttbe preservation of tbe Union, If It can be accomplished within tbe limit* sad upon the stipulated conditions of the constitutional compact.householder m.the district ti prove himself entitle*to vote. Inspectors in New York atyfcanaot admic liter toss* oaths. There la no authority given. Only Cjmmta-!toMI,«°f US**g^JM w > " "•*• »*F edmlaiater. - affidavits and oaths should bo preserved by the Poll Ctorka. If signed by a Coram ssioner or Notary la blanklire; he owed bis industry and frugality aad aa enforcedobedience to the tows of the State in which be lived.There v.a3 but a single exception to that, and that waswherealawcommands a clttsantodoamoral wicked-ness Citinta* owed to the State a well trained aad wellreared household, an 1 also a cheerful and hearty partial goes to vote things would be very different He woulde ThevotermoatalsohaveresidedoneyearlatelaState. llgent Judges of what was good «* "»• »«-The voter must aiao nave resided one year in this State, lour months to the county, aad thirty days la lb* oleetloa district 1* whin* he ofier* to vote.Attention la cadtodto the following provision of the con-oftheframeworkandexternalformofthe laud,aai fir far the purpose of voting, no parsta shall be deemed the maintenance of the idem aad principle* which wer«stitution of the Stats :—know nothing b u t true patriotism,, truth and fairness. Why should politics be divided from religion ? Religion has always been intimately connected with the in tsresto of the raited States, and was toe mesas of making tt what tt to Religtoa has dtomtarauedtbenecessaryguarantees V******* t^fSf^aT.£i i. th« West Indies, on being Informed of tb* Insult, Im tb* eonatttutton Beltevtog teis.be s^res »my earth*to have gained or last a residence by reason of his pre- sence or absence while employed la tea service of the United States, nor while engaged la the navigation of the waters of this State, or of the United State*, or of high seas; aar walks a student of any seminary of learning; nor while kept at any almshouse, or other^asylum, at public expense, nor while oontaed at aay public prison.— Oimmiiim*mof1846, Article//.,arc 3That is, a sailor, soldier or student, unless a resident oftelacityattontarnsofha—nmlagsnob,nana*vote because he happens to be here merely—the requires*sat of a residence of fear months hi toe county. aad thirty days la tee district, is suspended with reference toNo person oaa vote for a portton of the PresidentUI electors to be ohosea and not vote for allthe soul and vital power of iaoas ******* ** Beecher proceeded .for soma time l» tfotm •tr»tot^«4 charged all the corruption now existing in oar larg*laedtatelydespatcsW tb* sloop of war St Lou la. Captain moment. In tbe belief that the final aad extrem* oourae r W w l i b orders to demand redress. This vessel oroDosed by ?outh Carolina wUl receive moral supportCsealiy, heretofore, sailors aad soldiers from all partsNEWY onx.Nev.1,1880.MOBNING EDITION-MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.which fa* offer* to votehe can-death by vermin. If only era might die by the intrusion sad quote BMS*ef seme boa like eaamy it would a* a satis'a-stion, bat to thing la foot gotogj to aeeay; aad they far 8ECES8I0N MOVEMENT M THE 80U1H. rtoelvedeathfromwithteoarowanolvaa,bytoee» her,sadwithjusticeargued thatthepulpitahouidruption of oar owa men and oar own *aws, wa* act only not direct the people how to vote. This sort of unioa beof thisState,hecanvassed lathefollowing order— halls,wheremenwent swaggering heavy with sockets 1—Electors of President 8—City and county officer*, fa 1ef gold, and oomtog back with pookew fuU of billsfjr their own eelftahi em. The gentie nan alluded to toll him (Mr. Beecher) that votes were sold in the country atproperspiritOfbrotherly love,aadallwouldbewell.aad Vie* President 3—State officers7—T •wn aad charter oin- cers.Although the sermon jwM a very long owe he was lis-tened to with great attention A collection was taken upafter the sermon to order to defray the expenses, sad THEADDRESSALREADYPREPARBD,Appearanceoftfoa Field LastEveiling—lings,whoaredisfranchisedthemselvesundertheelecsnout- tlon laws, are going about offering to make small bat What a RTorthern Man in *%labama*clare that a person who hi qualified to vote tor a member a few day* since with a gentlemen af Westof toe popular branch of the Legislature can vote for Pre- cheater, who was hugely concerned in public affairs, judgment. He wanted that spirit In every man, from theas In the commsMtal metropolis. Nothing was morethat of Register. All the district sad ward politiciansare directing their energies In teat direction, and are to should owe higher allegiance to his God New Toax Sara FOR tan Union.—The Albany Argut be found enlisted aad working with great seal hi one of than to man. when they had knocked every or the 31 tost, says :—folly trodden under foot than that a manthree armies to this great fight James Lynch Mi toeMozart and people's candidate, John Ktyser the re-publican, and Matthew T. Brennan the Tammany conscience, he did not wonder that directors of railroads life or more certainly indicated a democratic victory.a republican from that district.old harlot, wUl sell ont to any one. The only hope of the mighty leaven for the four years siace, that conservatives Mby rallying to the support or John Coch- waa now bringing such results sa ere long we rane, as the issue is directly between him and Coakling. should see. Be thought In God's good proviOld Tammany, like anythis Is also election Week, and the consequent excitement city. Each squad is to have a Commissioner of the thanks of neither. These men who were middle msn immediately preceding and some days subsequent to theDeed* with them, to be In readiness to administer th* oath to those who may bare fa!led to register their votes. Their attention wlU be directed solely to the Union electoral ticket, and me that the Wide Awakes do not prevent any Union man from voting.sprmora BALLOTS IN CIBCCLATION.had all their light in their middle, and they were detesta-ble- He did notbelieve that anymember of hiscongre- "uving of the Unltn," will doubtless tend to stagnateTHE VOTE OP 1856.CMONEI.BCTOB3. ThefoUowinggivesthestrengthofpartiesatteaInstbeencirculatedintheNineteenthwardbysomeparty.thesunofTuesdaynightshouldgodownthesunofagesmiserableandbadlyventilatedchambers.WefindthePRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS. aTLaaaaWe were shown last evening a spurious ticket, that hassympathy with Sod and in charity with men, and whennor, however, does not think tt bis duty, under the au- thority cf tbe Legislature, to Issue his proclamation call- ing a convention until the election of President is madeSmttt.AlabamaArkansas.altforniaConnecticutDelaware.FloridaGeorgiaUllnolaIndianaIowa.KentuckyLonisiaiaMaine.MarylandMassachusetts... 13 39,240 Michigan 6 53.136 Msmbwirpt 1 35446 Missouri: 9 53.104the wheel had passed the centre, and from that time for- Supervisors' chamber; at another over a barroom by tbe electors meeting In their respective Stttes andrequirements of the statute —Every white male eitisen, twenty one years old, is enti it, and though they could not speak peaceably to each The destiny of the United States is to mtka the peopleand election of msgistretes,S* *mU a j $ W M $ m * * » West M such, should resort to an cheating, but shouldHe knew itment of ten years had been to undermine integrity of oar account s from aU parts of the State been more cheerOurRkhaooDd, •ootgonery t«rr*»peD4!eo<t,&c„ ate.the field, and find that Lynch steads toe best chanceto carry off the prize; Brennan Is compelled to rely uponthe old wreck of Tammany for bis support, and must, vanclng to the consummation of victory - In the first ties north and west of Albany will be largely reduced; ofthis we have the moat reliable assurances We say to from the nature of things, meet with a Waterloo defeat sermon that he preached to them, thirteen years our friends in Hew York and Kings and the countiesas cerlam as the election day arrives. The issue seems ago, he declared that he would preach a Gos- south and east of Albany, that if they do a* well as the to be betwesa Lynch, aad Keyasr, the republican candi- pel that carried liberty to the captive; that northern and western counties, compared with the past,years—the growing sentiment and conviction of equity, justice liberty and humanity—had gatherel such force, that after repeated essays and trials, tt era* assureIIy adNxw YORK Cm.—The city ot New York wlU tola year The withdrawal of Mr. John C. Mather, to the Third wonderful excitement and confliota. Tnis nation had cast a larger vote and give a* greater majority againstbeen destroyed ny* times la that short space, aad thenation, ruined so often, came bravely out of ruin. Theybad seen the gathering forces sad thought once andagaintbeybalsomestreakofdaylight,andthoughttheday of deliverance had come; but tb* blessing wastoo goad sad too great to be bad for so lit Tan DXMOCTUTIC ESTIMATE —Leading democrats in tie suffering. In lies, by a vote of the churchheld and labor for the cause. Then he verilyone thing—that all the barking would be before voting,one Know Nothing; be fays that James D Ogden, DaMel B 8t John, William Kent, James Kidd, Henry H R *s, John Munn, Jamm M. Pulver, Miles French and Charles H. Carrol never have been members of the Knowbat no biting afterwards. If there w m , oae thing wascertain—that cowards and essential Injustice go together.There would be *o reaction against virtue, truth, justiceIt is now oontdently stated in circles th it profess to be well ln'ormed about Mr Lincoln's purposes, that, If elected, he wilt offer the Department of State to Mr. BeU, of Tennessee, and, in ease thetatterdeclines, ties to Mr. Rivee, and that in no event wUl he subject his adminis- tration to the incumbrance of identifying Mr. Seward, either in tbe Cabinet or as a Foreign Minister, or in any&and righteousness that could avail for ode single hour; sothat if any man tad made np his mind to emigrate and Nothing party. If this be so, the repubUma electoralconvert bis money into jewels, sa being toe most porta- ticket baa more Know Nothings on it than the Unionble, h e advised him to wait a week longer.' O. why don't ticket Jamm 0 . Putnam, elector a t large, and W . fl. some of these men, mid Mr. B., go home and Robertson, on the black republican ticket, are both KnowIt will be seen by oar advertisements that the National DemocraticYoluntesrshaveorganizedavigilanceries,butforaTullgrownman,a'freecitizen,tobeafraidThisbeingtbefirstMondayInthemonth,thebusinesTbeexcitementIntheBouth,however,lanotlikelytowe week! act be afraid to answer for on the final day ofthrough the Gridiron ton Market bUI, and last wlater.bUlRailroad bills, the W « t Wishing t h e Commissioners of Records F e eanybody. He would tell them what would happen.Nothing! (Great laughter.) They might depend upon says the Union electoral ticket oontains the name of oak hood.WHICH IS THB Know Norms-; TICKET?—Daniel Ullmanndown trodden and the oppressed. Ho counselled his Titles wbose duty it IS to eee that the legal tribunals ofhearer* to go to work earnestly and courageously in this great city should be located somewhat batter than In ture meets on Tuesday next, November 6 Toe Gover-SBRMON BY THE REV. C. S. HARRTsJ OF THE GREENE to ascertain where this ambulatory tribunal is privileged ence of Congress, which will take place on the secondmostBOanalogy between the past government of the ancleg omnibus companies for injuries sustained by ourflower.Independent and happy by the exercise of free laws, free institutions aad Tree opinions. He WM opposed to Wide Awake and other societies, because thay tend to the creation of monocracy and wherever a mob succeeds the republican form of government must be a failure. Besides that, this sort of thing must hare the effect of making the present republic like the past—things to be hereafter spoken of a s "gone forever.'" H e contendedThetrial branches. The Common Pleas wlU have two trial branches and special term, as wUl also tbe Marine CourtCALENDAR FOR MO NT) A Y .Prrnmo CocBT-tCmcprr —Part I.—No*. 1481. 1489,thing teat Influences our actions In this life.841, 867, 627 Vi, 787, 991, 963, 766,108, 606, 609, 413, 769. 833, 907, 999,101 Part H —*oe 764, 684, 828, 818, 880, 832, 884, 696, 640 836, 838, 844, 846, 860. 852.COMMON Pinas —Part I —No*. 1866. 373, 8137, 2139, 2140, 2141, 406, 8060, 8062, 363, 1763,1678,243.8691, 17*0 Part n— No*. 1888, 2168. 8182, 1996 896,331, S80, 381, 1736,1870,1912,1642,1768,1863, 8084.Tbe November Seeelom of the Common restatesttillavowingtheirdevotiontotbeconstitution Coatmcil. at-d their desire to live within tbe spirit aad very tetter or tbe compact or Union, c*l upon their Northern breth- The Board of Aldermen wUl not meet until Wednesday ren to meet tbem in convention, M before stated. Tbe frieids of thts movement look to tbe HEKALD to rally tbe conservative sentiment of tbe North to support Of this Union movement Of course this reunion policy doesThe Supreme Court General Term wlU sit this month.exemplarydamagesrailway aadfor the true meaning or the word conversa'.ioti, in theGreek language, la citizenship; therefore the text mightread "Let yoar citizenship be M it beoometh the gospelofChrist" 8sthatyoucannotseparatepollttMfromre O.trasre oat the~Ass,^ie*rFl«* •.»<* It Is a stgalficaat circumstance thattewmovementiTjlVed st Bio Hache about the 1st of Bsptomhsr, fcZTtto7*** of the Northern people refusing sities and toe tofornaTamebtoation* for poUttcal r*k the whole nation, aad raised as t» the dignity and'the Commander demanded that the Sag or the Coo thTlast otfer of the Into* man I differ with Mr.upon the actors and then upon Christiana, unless tofol* God teiy easjd m y that tbey exerted then, selves to their utmost to prevent *uoh aof men, making a* all sovereigns to oar owa Jui*te should be hoisted by two officers of tb* garrison, Rhett on this subject I believe tea Northern peopto srttl person If, than, yea separate solutes from religtoa to the teat tbe troop* shou d than 81* aaeer tt, aad afterwards •jag the Bouth in convention. Once together, toe* United Suus. what will be the result- It will fall, as did all •tint* It by three voUeye. Although at first taey en to face, entirely disconnected from State tofiaaaees•tot* of things. Parties should be mate up of theoldrepublics,whofoliromtheverysamacauss. Look denvorcdtoevade giving this aattsfaction, theyhad at »nd CocfTetwionel enrrupUoe, thia alavery tome,men who war* of firm iwiaciptos aad uimwisrmoas at England, who fau all bar power from her religion an* tost to pas* through tb* Ceadta* Forks by tbe peremptory intentions;batITapartywa*agW«ceagta*of*e»Uh trust taGostandoae* ttto nothingelse;andthebelief termstowhichthisCommanderexactedit"*•»*, BOChristian man could go with it unrcbukel. He aad practice of religion to the Uiltod St****J*» badtbsa asserted that to New York Jadgas w*r* * * « P * . •"* It is so rare a thing to aee any of the petty Bouth amer-aa-d that every church la the oily that had a* presahtog theearn*effect. IfweseparaterallgtoorrompoUttos,we lssnStatesbroughttoanaccount for Insults to our flag EnteringMthts negro labor question dees lataall thefrrm the antott upon to* duty of a Christian a* a eittzw shall be earned with feud and faetloas, State sad Consuls, thai I have thought tt my duty to give pub- ramtfteattoe* of oar political system, tee ocoaato* will was delinquent, and by the authority of God hocharaed intrigue* fad slavery of the |>eopta, , • * * » • licity to to* very creditable action of the Navy Depart- nrt be lost by those who la tracing tow mepoa team thia perversion of justlo* i« h gh ptaoes shall aeooaje the sport of the wo»td\»* *****£, ment In thia Instance.?• «• negro agitates detect everywhere the dlptoemry parpcats of Eogland aad tee Fahweraton -citizens could sympatols* with Garibaldi, batLet raliglea a* the bulwark of tb* Uaitod States, torUntitled Documentagainstand good faith to the adjustment. An address, to be issued by the seceding States, b u been agreed to. This address, although accepted by tbe extreme Southern pasty, wa* drawn up by a leading man to tbe Union organlzstion. Tbe seceding States will undoubtedly be South Carollaa, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi sad Arknams, possibly Texan It hi enough to say that these States, to with- drawing from tbe Union upon the election of Lincoln, wiU call upon tbe North to meet tbem la conven- tion, M provided by the constitution, there O set tie the basis upon which this domestic agitation is to be arranged and disposed of. I have see* tea draft or the address, and its tone and temper are admira- ble. There is nothing calculated to create angry feeling at tbe North. The reasons for tbe »i*druwal of the sethus considered . upea Its owa merits, will be adjuated. luadjustmentwUlact,however,hemade upon a sectional basis or tb rough local taftasara* ataa*. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 