 1m* i » - •;%..only mutton fit for a gentleman to eat; the other kinds 310,3-50 The time seems approaching when nations shall be may do for the " Mudsills." Where's Hammond?by Ed«in Forrest, out of Hercnles mare. Sold to L. inca'culable damage may accrue to every member of society, a*SI ;;?>rinkling of Englishmen and French Kepublicans. he most conspicuous officers among the Italians are the Generals Medici, Cosenz, Vixio, S^rtori,.£10,017,588 vieited Nt-braska, I slept iivthe first frame house, ihea the grounds. Tbey could not even give as a toast theNo 5. A bay_ colt, 2 years rid, to Thomas Steele of Frar.klin County, Ky., for $50.|formerly a priest, Carini, now wounded; the Colo- ficit of £3,187,850. On the other hand the newly* nee. At. that time the Otats were perf>rmiog iheir good for Mr. A. Two wealthy gents from the SouthI|saly. The Greek Government, by the advice of the the day. English Embassador, put a stop to this expeditionIn yesterday's sitting of the House of Commons, before a House hardly large enough to make up ahas ministered to this people some four or five years, and is an able preacher anI a faithful shepherd over the flock committed to h;s care. ,chased by Geo. Blackburn of Mi«s. Price $75.Obtained at a loss or sacrifice of 12 per cent, surely that la better and tbe action »nd results of the Committee Appointed by the re- than u ii*k oflos'ng all. The ltev. M. Lindley, alluded to inm"the nephew of the .member of Parliament of the provinces, almost twice as larg*' as their cost of ad-same name, who commands the "Sons of Liberty," ministration requires, with a single view to relieving the htnd of the nation. The rude grave was prepared. Kate Qoimcf) foal-d in 18-15,• the purchaser, A. J. Alex-*•'••1Tne fire of a few months since has ma-'eThe pic-nic or barbecue dinner spread under tho lofty greenery of the old forest trees was eagerly discussed,V.i860./..by4«p. Tm«t**; .by io.p Strpfidon;'in convenient isolated places upon sick and be&HHy*rA- mala, to determine not only tbe nature of the di^nee, but, also the enlcacy of any and all reraediea which may aeem worthy of trial. In fact we-made tbi* very»Owo C»u«s|>o»i*Vart.• After tiie defeat of Meiazzo, and in the, hop©teatv OA H ) . . . . . «t«. •«•>.by io>p. Htjhflter:garibaldi might be induced to come to antrnder-standing, and give up bis plan of iavadSeg JJTaple*,the Neapolitan army evacuited the iertreases«jf Syracuse and Agosta. With the exception ofthe nnall garrison of tlie citadel -of Messina, theisland hat now been entirely given up to the Sicil-ians. Garibaldi, however, belied the hopes ofPraneis II. and of the Diplomacy;, and in hi«answer to King Victor Emanuel's letter, decUred,chv and bloodshed.the European loan market, was forced to recur orphan, Mr, R. wa» thrown upon his own res^urc-s ALEXANDER'S ANNUAL HORSE SALE, . "both were by Cu ]«»»'» Arabian.thatsosoon as thenavy ofthe Dictator is completely organized, or put in fighting condition, that is to say about the loth inst., a simultaneous attack is to be made from Sicily, both upon Naples and the Marches, to put an end at once to the government of the Bour- bon and of the Pope. Lamoriciere will now have toabove; eold to Geo. Blackburn of Miss.No. 11. A bay mare, bred to E. Forrest; sold t >J.troops, mostly Austrian veterans, a small Swissforce, the famous Crusaders of France, and the /Battalion of St. Patrick, since the native regiments, perhaps with the exception of the xojal guards, are either demoralized by its Sicilian defeats or aie annexationists at heart. As regards Garibaldi's army, about one half is Sicil-ian, the other half chiefly Lombard and'Genoese. Piedmont furnished but few volunteers, but many "Venetians and Emilians, who, having served as "Volunteers in the Sardinian army, and been snubbed by the pedantic Minister of War, Fanti, and his martinet officers, left the service of the King and went to Sicily. The Hungarian emigration fur-preparations for war:Sardinian Revenue for I860, \j\\ ~tornB. ..»•••••••••••••••«•»•••••.••••."••••La d tax. bout)e-tax,t>tMnps, etc R:>iirot.d» and telegraph* Po»!-CtHc«?.JV*» received »t Foreigx. Office Fcn»x*ceiled at Horn- OfficeProfits en strte branches of Publio Instruction^jViin*....#..«.. •»«.#••»•••.•••.••••••.•••••.......Mi«-«'!l»''eou*.... '• > K.xiruGiuhini} ^esooxcea..1, Ot&J • • • • • . . . . . . . . • . . > . . . • . * . . . . . . . . S'lrHiuian Kxptnditure for 1W>0.was. going to be ratber dull. There were'few persons 1857; sold to Major Flournoy of Ark., for $1G0. from a dbtance, the majority being residents of theocnlation:" In lflSO, tbe practice of Inoculation wav commendedfarmers and veterinarians of tne Gerrnaa States, *• worthy of careful investigation, and they' w« re requested to report re«u)u»,•~«mm••', ••..•••- i: •;:. . •'>•<,.-•>': > • .••.• ; :. ,:- • :'.J • > ••>••••.•:!• ••:: ::*'. • ' • • ' « • #•'£$£$% •$I j • " . S:i?r..w:]im'• ., .?•*. :; J / . j . . • . » ... . "• •'•.• ,v , $ u ,. £ ; ••'• ; •• ,.•.>;'!'• • ' -.' ; . ' ; ; • • ;NEW YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28mm <&;*W$MMilitary expei.di'U'e 1 nished about fifty officers to the Sicilian army. Maiuo <-3cpenditur»L. Johnson, Scott Cuntj, Ky. for $170. Trotthg Colts.Scarcely any Poles are among them, bnt we find a Extraordinary expenses.born in a day. Only six years ago, when I first No spirituous liquors of any kinds were allowed upontbt- disease, if unchecked, continues to commit its ravages for years, as in Bohemia since 1851. It seems, sometime*, to arise spont- neously In Central Kurope, but the beat veterinarian* tbere a>e opposed to the idea of upontaneity, and looJt to trans- ml*il< n by contagion or by heredunry transmlavion as the cause." At present inoculation may be employed with full contidence N,. 6. A dark gray colt, foaled in 1859. Sold to R. as >o its beneficial results, if properly practiced. P-rhApt tiio reas'in why it W t.ot a)w«y« successnil as a preventive, is: the condition of tbe animal at the time of inoculation, the disease beinR already at work, although not visibly affecting the animal, No. 7. A brown colt, foaled in 1859, to the same, as it may lui.k in the vy»tem, Itke hydrophobia, for a long time for $167 50. before exhibiting *t* malignant and fatal nature; and, when the system fa thus afiected by the contagion naturally operating:, No. 8. A bay colt, foaled in 1859, by Pilot, jr. Soli inoculntion yields only paitial and irregular results, an>l should, therefore, for entire success, be employed before the animal haa bi-en expo»ed to the contagion. To wwit until one's o«*n Imme- diate ne'gbbo bood or even own herd is attacked, in Hkv waiting until the roof in on fire before taking out an insurance policy, or.raJrarATE OF EUROPE. bond!a of the »ew JtattOu Kingdom are rising 10 8s tfoeir first choice for ibat place, and la-ge numbers f'em'tVrest of the District, composed of Cuyaho<atfce market at the very time that Austria is strug- and Luke C< unties, seconded their wishes, the vo'eTcmxNv Aug. 10, I860, be measured not by the resources of the cou-try, was >hen made sranimons amid the greatest enthu- triune, M perperna'e a reign which has pxhaast d the 7 dntu... .........in the most respectful terms, that he cou'd QO obeysis be'oved King. He begged to be excused for try of a whole people, and a curtailme t of it* free-eale was not so largely attended as former ones have r«en, ihere not being more ihan five or six hundred7 dnm Old Cnb mare8 d-m Am«r&ntbuH'ii dam.f'damthHdam of Lords, Finch, &c.by fl'irlWrarjdom ? Does it Dot give ri«e to a new set of invis- as h » mission should be completed, to lay his ible tyrant 8, known under the name of public.cred-persons on the ground. The want of interest taken in Jfl dam A11 dam 1 .'iit. and the comparatively low prices for which the ]2d»m18 d a m . . . .by Old Partner;by G^ybound;by Brimmer;by Place's White Turk.this one act of disobedience, and premised, as «o mitors? However that may be, if the French, in more without the royal command. The Dictator less than a decade, have almost doubled their publicdt-i t in order to remain slaves, the Italians must be allowed so incur the same liabilities in order to be- come, freemen. Piedmont proper, exclusive of the provinces newly added, was in 1847.taxed to the amount of £:*,813,452. while this year it will havesword at the feet of the King, never to draw itstock was 'Old, may be ascribed, in a great measure,to t i e apprehensions of a scarcity of grain, owing to;the long-continued and excessive drouth in various off pretty well.5s preparing now for the attack on the Neapolttumain; hut, at the same time, in order to divert theattention of the hostile army, an expedition is or-ganized against the Papal Dominions.' Accordingto the first idea, principally to spare time andmoney, Bertani, Garibaldi's friend and Lieutenan to pay £(>,8iJO,000. It has been stated by English at Genoa, was to organize this expedition in Tusparts of the South-—Tennessee and southern Kentucky especially.Oneida, a fine cbe*nut, foaled in 1855; by BeJbw's Black Hawk; dam, Gilford's Morgan mare. Bellow'swhich .v..-! are ofie h u If'nir Ann ScK-ietj (»c! «oui<try. - 'it tbe l*r»? r i heie. ir m r wagfbnh' tbor<^>gt •-"» Ofle>ed; a d bre<i rtut "*eecotidf 100 SHke a rnacy •n for the U t ° rin*" at li f»ii ft i;-AII. hotie f r *' t reprvrefifhiti Lexii if.or., so b, I O'Vea, the tina: v C citeoi'' t 'offer t i %r* a . Ttiei .'••:.«• itaJ. aiid. rut.proQUee* foand ftfi'et^iidin tbe: n.vrtt unrivhied m are in a ai Thi* 'Wurx permanent iy and gir-vrmdemand e v e, Our ownearly in 0 t one. Thet> give, as w* J ever, that a' be given/ as Mr. Lewi* I«sany and Bologna, But the Sardinian Cabinet,anxious to avoid new diplomatic difficulties, and,perhaps,"a premature Austrian declaration of war,tried to stop this expedition by fair means. Farini, treated to the following figures: the ex-Dictator of the Emilia, now Minister of HomeAffairs, went himself down to Genoa, and induced the Garibaldian chiefs to give up this Komau inva-Autumn that by the usual traflic in beasts the -*'b -le of gras* land in the State. Though rolling and agreeably for this aiJmal was $105; knocked off to R. George of Massachusetts is iif^-cted. On* of two things is -learlyIn •i.i'! they inc-r«ja8«d tosion, and to make an end to any further expedi- Now, I beg to remark that this increase is more tions of volnnteers to Sicily. Bertani and his friends apparent than real. The leading articles of Sar- dinian export consist of silk, silk manufactures, twine, spirits, and oil; but it is generally known that during the first three quarters of 1857 the prices of all those articles had assumed a most bloated aspect, and would, consequently, greatly swell the *um total of the Sardinian commercial returns. The official statistics of the Kingdom give, moreover, the values only, not the quantities of the articles exported and imported, so that the figures for the year 1857 may be altogether excep- tional. No public accounts for the years 1858-60 having as yet been issued, it remains ro be seen whether or not the commercial crisis in 1858 and the Italian war in 1859 have checked the industrial progress of the country. The following tabular statements, showing the official estimates of tho revenue and expenditure for the current year (I860) of Sardinia proper, afford evidence that part fight for his honor, and Francis II. for his crown; of the new loan will be employed to cover the de-both of them reiving principally upon their foreign ficit, while another part of it is wanted for newwith the other surroundings, though the hospitality rest; fold to John Develin of Woodford Co. for $140. dispensed in it ia like Tapper s philosophy—proverbial: No. 7. A bay mare by Old Belfonnder, out of a fastchusetts Board, which gentleman says, in a re-yielded t o Farina's solicitations ; but they insisted upon it that those who tad already enlisted, about 3,000 in number, should still be carried to Messina, "but promising to shut the enlistiDg offices for the jrutnre. Upon these terms the agreement between the Cabinet and Garibaldi was concluded. The volunteers were sent off in the greatest haste, Ber- t a n i himself going to Sicily, and on Monday the Hungarian General Tiirr is to leave Genoa with the last two thousand men. It is, however, understoodcent letter from Boston: "Nothing is doing about but of a rather better quality than the " philosophy " trouing mare; soil to' Buford Bohanan of Woodford " pleuropneumonia here, just now. It is rather dor-nels Sacjchi of Venice, three brothers Cairoli, Corte, acquired provinces are estimated to yield an awuiiajyearly vinitto some Southern tribe. On such occasions"M. Johnson, Scott County. Ky., for $175.. glishmen we notice Capt. Peard, better known as but, m'the run of time, it might prove a highly dan-..by Sump er; gling in vain with adebt whose magnitude ought to showed a majority over all for Mr. Riddle. The vote a party trampling upon the ballot-boxes by s'-aramg 5 dao> Maria.*;. * 4 « . . « « . . . . . . . . . . . . ..byM*l*ar;siasm , and all were ready and willing to concede that but by the weakness of its Government, aud while the nomination was one eminently "tit to be made."8 d-m...9 dun..10 dam OV Diamond, calVd Dncb«-«H. Both Jack of Di*mond»Russia, mighty Russia, having been driven fromagain to its own paper-money mar.hiuery. Still, f r the mesna of subsistence aud an education. Hiseven in regard to Sardinia, tie new loan reminds us of the ugly fact that in modern times almost the first act in a people's struggle for freedom or inde- p^nde: ce eeem*, by some monstrous f-vt-tdity, to cot-shit in contracting a new ?e vitude. Is every public de^t not a mortgage paddled upon the indus-fine native talent, coupled with untiring indastry and perseverance, enabled him to meet ana overcome ob- stacles that, would have caused many to yield and shrink before tbero. At the early ngi of 21 yea-s he was *l»>cte<l Prosecuting A'torney ot bis native county, in which capanitv he served. 1>r several ye*re with dis- tinguish ed ability. In 1849, he was elected I* represent bis couoty in ?be L'gisUture of this Sate, war re he al«o ably and faithfully rerv*d his cone i'uenis for twoterms "He ihen removed to Cnya'mya C>nnty, where be at on«e took a place, as a lawyer, among the first at the Cleveland bar, and has resided here ever sicce.•During bis residesce bere; he has once been elected Prosecuting Attorney of this county, and would have been re-elected but for bis declining to be a caadidite. Mr. Riddle is still a young man, some 46 years of age, and in the full etrtng'h and vigor of manhood. He is a man whom,.in all the relations of life, whether in office or out, none know but to love, esteem, and ad- mirr. He is a man of enlarged views, a clear thinker, a ready, strong, and logical debater, and thoroughly Republican upon every plank of our platform. He is thorongly cooverpant with the political history of this county; is s bold and unflinching advocate of Human Rights and TT*tec ion to Home lnduetry.He will be e'ected by the largest innjorUy ever givui to K. representative from the W estern Reserve, and will be fout.d fefrrlees and unswerving in the advocaoy of tliOfe principles, snd in defecse of those rights which bis bett judgment and his convictions of right shall show to be in the line of his duty.The crops in this section are nearly all harvested, and the yield is great. There has not been so abundant a yield of cereals for many years in this regi m. Fruit of all kinds, par>icularly apples snd peaches, are in* market in g-eat abundance, and melons are without number, and of the finest quality and. flavor.The peparadons are being rapidly made to receive and entertain everybody on the o m i n g 10th of Sep- tember. Everybody is expected to be here, and the statue of Com Peiry will then be inaugurated with appropriate ceremonies, according to due and ancientffroo) Oux Own Reporterpapers, The Economist, for instance, that the . com- merce of Piedmont, .consequent upon the liberal changes introduced into its' tariff, had also greatly increased, and in illustration of this progress we aredam by Roebuck; bred to E. Forrest. The pr ce paid diversified with woodland and pasture, iiis scarcely so WoodfordCo.,Kj.Jn lfiH tVi«/i<- p-rts wtw o;-ly Ill WA tb«>f wereIn U.Htbe exp m w-r<>..£12.407,160 , is), 123.040 . 8,595,200 , 19 050,<;40Edwin P«r»est; sold toJoan Lindeay of WoolfordCo., growers in the Eastern States have great reasmsforappearance. Tho dycelling-bouee, however, is a neat, eold to M»jor'Flournoy <f Ark. for $1IJ5. Government is believed by tbe Ohio Com- ODe-strry ttincture, of wood, and bardly in toepirg No. 6. A very pret.ty cht-stnnt mare, bred to E. For- mipsionerB, and by Mr. Flint of the Massa-Finance Department. Public Jii8ticeFu eign Afl'i«*..... Public Imt/tictloTi Miiiintiy of »he 1 uteri r Pltr tic vV'o/X?;,..£4,331676 248,*16 70.023 117.744 407 152 851,080 2,229,484Comparing the expenditure, amounting to £1.0,- 017,588 to the revenue of £6,820,738, we find a de-jnst built, • in tbie city. ,The deeply trodden, trail near the river, showed the highway of the' Ottoe and Pa v-cry of the Neapolitans—a das le Bourbon! for there was no Bourbon there to be put down. That was-gest to ibis a d r a y - ' . o r •*•«» i the otily )ilit n o t pn-mitK walkmit *ir»Ma««ecnQi fearot th* <a ed policy. i<n money xjfr.nl had t>een shoQtd bave are. .(Peril* this is ?njuifIn the abeei ant Eeetern t< Show at Spr Managers aiand wb&t w friendly a ; i likely u> be < »,t$ 00 w:i, the S'ate- mayear ifle »S<>ci elegant tropt cuitu.-ai M uPeuut<ylva owu «{uiet a; not general some t-'tbtra even unoi oThe IVM- ftCultural N APark, as cat Kc-n'ucky.as m u d enti ruaxy. 1 •*> numerous, W'heu a six offer* $tkW: hop* tv c l«| Is souse reu maOe Mil. Louib, *uo tlThe OHIO 1 Sept.'^-^, the Secret* list. We *M of tbe atttkot notice of theThe Ui 'tprocrattinali tina'h ar;::o at Cmcinuat a tine p*rk o ing t<» Coin an qp t»t grent e .willviritthe: day last vet saw gaite/e< (hoosaud pWe have p squaiideriuK phased tot;u Heretofore si officer ot aI of power at; Theeegeutlehave been id and in tbe m rea*oi.ableinvariablethe French intervention, advised the Sultan to !. Th«? only thing wanted is a specious opportunity forhasten the movements of the Turkish army, to raising the wind. The emprmU de lapaix, as little ear!b. Each maiden cut a lock from her dark 8 dam Medoc'8 dam.,....by Ameiican Eclipse; . . . . b y Ogle's Oscar;chastise the wild Druses and the fanatical Damas- you know, hns proved a failure. Partant pour laflowing tiesses, and threw it upon the grave, while a compaiy of young warriors, who had followed in procewion,' having previously obtained small sticks of wood, at one end adorned with shavings and tne othersplit stick, and then with all their trained indifferenceto pain, assumed the proud distinction of mourners,4 dam Old Al did of the Oaks 5 dnm Isancy Air's nam..-.byinjp Expedition; . ing been put up ai d afterward withdrawn. by imp. Spread Eagle;Jtenes before the French could arrive off Beyrout*nd Saida, Bnt, unfortunately for Turkey, thisexcellent advice is not so easily executed as it isgiven, since the Turkish army shows, to some ex-tent, the fanaticism of the Druse, Wahabote andMetuali murderers, and cannot be trusted in a waragainst Mohammedans and enemies of the Chris-tians. Fuad Pasha, who has the chief command, be remarked as a curious fact, that Mr. Jules Favre,by imp. Shark; by Ro. kingham;. . . . . b y Oallant*,t,.... by T? ue w hip;. . . . . . b y imp. Regulua; .by imp. Diamond ;and that in Greece, Kuratosso, under the pretext considered the first anti-Bonapartist demonstrationand on the plains of Mexico. .8' d u r n . . . . . . . . .9 diiin....'..... 10 dum11 d:m..........by Gallant:.by True Whig; .by imp. Rt-gulus; .by imp. Diamond." Kven the French Commission, with the celebrated Magendie as its Chairman, after thoroughly testing inoculation—practiciog It imder very unfavorable circumstance*, wsa obliged to report that inoculation was efleetive In VH p.-r cent <f the CH»-> i» which' by Provincial Diets and elected Provincial officials. ^Itisinthisway he hopes to save so much astowith the expenditure which, even according to Mr.every direction, 'save thatof Public Works. To freedom. Douglas claims, that by his Nebraska bill, animal, and of fashionable etoc'< and blood.however,itwe'eepidemic—i.e.,causedbyauddepend-fieh<-din Silesia, Prague. Vienna, Berlin, St. Pe.er»hi>g, Uo.Syrie has till now been rehearsed on too small a scale to justify a fresh appeal to the eithusiaem of the grande nution. It is, therefore, presumed that,6 dam 7 dam 6 dam 9 daw10 dam.'.THE MA SSA CHUSE TTS CATTLE EASE....£2 411 824neighboring counties, with a few horse men from Ten- nessee and Mississippi. They goon roueed up a little,N<>. 15 Another cbeanut filly by E. Forrest; foaled in 1857; *oJd for $150 to G- Blackburn, Miss.to th©..Back of it, in gentle undnlatioi s, for many miles rolls 099,400 a prairie, for beauty of scenery and richnees of soil not2,940.234 242,000however, and the biddiag became more animated. . No. 16. Bay fily by E. Forrest, to the »ame, for $75. f- r public benefit. Vor perfection of results, such iuvea ligationsNo. 17. For $195, to the same. nhould be made at different, 'imes plvc<jH, seavons. and under diffident circumstances, and from a compari»on of all tbe«e we No 19. Brought $75; eold to B. Bohanan of Wood- learn what f*e.gsen-ii.1 to auocess aed what is merely incidental.12,40021,136 580 6,376193 888 301,440to be surfas?ed in the Wept. This city has now a*pop- ulation of about 2,000, although the gold-tever has car- ried away many of its inhabitants./ A number of fine brick buildmgs are among its dwellings. Previous to April last, it cculd boast two of the finest hotels westThe truth is, Mr. Alexander's place is ra'-her over-stocked, and it was to get rid of what a good manypersons (and he also) considered , his most indifferent ford Co., K y ." Such experiments have been instituted {broughoat Bohemia and otbe-r countries of the Austrian P^mpire, as well as by sev- eral other Emopean States, by arrangements made by high State lUthorities, and tbey have resulted In the positive demonstration that inoculation, with the virov of pleurv-pnenmoni», act* pow- erfully as a nrophjlacMc against Its contagious, and consequently darigurouv form of attack, and self-interest vhonld l«*a every cattle-owner to practii:e inoculaUon, where pleuro-pnetimoulA lias at all mode its appear-nce. It is. in some »t*sc«xi, an -JbKjirre disease, and affotds an opportunity of getting rid of cattle affect- ed, but still it Is pernicious to the mtcrests of tbe farmer. It may easily be hidden In its first stages, and, many sales effected, and toe diiease be thus up.end over a large region and, l/i the eud,. . £ 6 ^ 2 9 , 7 3 8.. 1,453,268of St. Louis.sad havfc, having destroyed one of the hotels and ablock of fine brick stores. Tie effec s of the financial with politics for deseert. It was a moot substand-d revulsion are still upon them; but little buildiog has dinner, the Southdown mutton exq deif.e. It ia the been dote during the last year.and Frapofli, formerly Minister of W a r in the revenue of £3,435,552, and to cost an annual ex- the Indiati A'iilawe is debited, and the whole tribe, in-Emilia. Mo*t of these are members of the Italian penditure of £.1,855,984 so that they would leave a cluding ponies and dogs, go to share the neighboring Breckinridge would beat Don^laa 20,000 in Kentucky,Parliament. Of the rrungarians, we mention the clear surplus of £ 1,600,000. According to this cal- hospital it;es. ' Here an aged chief, who had often led* at which the -Douglas man clenched hands and thethe warriors in the chace for tlie buffalo, and the hunt money was put up. Even ijf the Vice-President beatsthe Senator so much as that, it is g^ne rally believedrepresented by the famous Col. Charms, Minister he reduced to £1,608 282. It is only just thatof "War of th* French Republic, and de Flotte, the Lombardy and the Duchies should pay port of the foreliead the scars of Indian warfare, was takan voters in Kentucky. Republican ex-member for Paris. Among the En- expenses Piedmont has incurred in the Italian war; ill, aiid although there was there no kmghtGeneral TUrr, Garibaldi's intimate friend, Col. culation, lhe deficit of the whole kingdom of Sar- Dunyov, and Major MogyoTody. The French are dinia, including the newly acquired provinces, wouldfor the scalp of the red brother, wir.h the same stoical composure, aDd who showed on his breast audto Capt. Viley of Fayette Coun'y, Ky., for $102 .50. No. 9. A chet-tnot colt of 1859, by Pilot, jr., to Dr.a kind of foreign legion, which received the bap- the exchequer of.the old provinces. Tlie cbirf, wrapped in his blanket, was placed in a sit-tism of fire at Melazzo. People conversant with the undercurrents of theThe Syrian question disturbs our diplomacy stil Paris money market continue to give out that an- rude ciphes which were supposed to be necessary in na ft Hows:chase, arms of strife, ornaments of his perpon, and the more than Garibaldi. England, unable to prevent I other French loan is looming in a not remote future. the spirit land, were laid oy his side. Rude s'ickspetition she was knocked off at $475. Her pedigree is by imp. Trustee;Bokton Veterinary Surgeons." It appears that all that is known by the parties above mimed,No. 15. A bay colt of 1859, to fiame, for $85.The sale then concluded, a great many horses hav- several estays and other writings by Prof. Slrnonda, an Kngliihshould nothing new turn up, and the prices of corn fplit. .through the center, made an incision in the go on increasing a loan will be raised on the pre- fleehy part of the left arm large enough to hold theBred to LexiDgton.REPORT OF THE OHIO COMMISSIONERS. We are indebted to the Secretary of ihe Ohio Statetext of providing against the possible disasters of dearth. In connection with French finances it mayThe next eold was a beautiful bay mare foa'ed in Board of Agiicultore for copies of the Report on the a basis of legislation in whicti tlie pronperity of the naUin, a» well as millions of dollars, and their own personal and profes-1845 and bought by Willis Jones of Woodford County Massachusetts Cattle Disease, made by tbe Commis- sional reputation are involvedwent to the foot of the grave, and with cheerful coun- 3s accessible to bribes, and scarcely able to accom- who dared to predict in the midst of the Corps Leg- tenances, drew the sticks of wood from the wounds,for $i200. Pedigree :plish his difficult mission; but his second in com- islatif, the impending crash of the Imperial Exche-mand, the Hungarian Genernl Kmetty (Ismael quer, has been elected Batonnier of the Paris bar.Pasba), the real hero of Kars, will certainly The French advocates, as you are aware, have fromachieve as much as is possible with Turkish troops. the times of the old monarchy saved some tatters of nark tnat' royal flesh was moldering into dust be- W e are as yet unable to say how far Russia is to their ancient feudal constitution. They still form atake part in the Syrian intervention, but all those sort of corporate body,called the Barreau,the yearly "who pretend to be acquainted with the East are elected chief of which, viz., the Batonnier, repre- maanimcus in their opinion that the arrival of the sents the order in its relations with the tribunalsby Zenith: by Medoc;by Alexand-r (Bnford's) ;by Huxall'a Moses ; ..by Dnko of Bedford;.by Old Union; by Imp. Dubster;toes the bair of the maidens and ihe sticks of eeif-French expedition and of a Russian fiVet in Syria, and the Government, at the same time that he ioflicted tor.ure; the rough winds buried the flag be- Kentucky for $425. .byWagrier;.by imp. Trustee:.by Amtrija/i Ellipse; .by Orla's Odcar;will become the signl for an outbreak of Mohamme- watches over its internal discipline. Under the neath the rank prairie grass. A city has risen upon,Hfcim Sally .Ann...2 dam Lady Tompkins8 dam Katiy Ann4 dam Medock's dam..5 dum Old M-id of the Oaks. .by imp Spread Eagle;- • 6 jS'uncy Air's dam...;...... .by imp. Shark;tain folly the diagnosis of the disease, by personal inspection of of the Coa/rt/iaslon concur in this view.diseased cattle. " When'Mr. Flint, the Secretary of the Massachusetts Board" Second: Ascertain fully, by pergonal inspection, .the morbid of -Agriculture, showed the Hev. Mr. Llodsey (mis>tionary from anuti my of the affected parts; atend as many po*t-morieoi ex- Africa) the reports of Mr Simonds, after looktogover them care- amination* as may be eitnt>r necessary or convenient. fully, h- (Mr Lindlev) vaid that if they should try insulation in ." Third: .Ascertain what effect, if auy, and what kind of medi- Aflea, under such clrcurnatancea, tliey should not expeot any cal treatment has been administered Ascertain, also, what sani be ter r\ suits »dan fanaticism in Asia, and of a Christian revolu- restoration, and under the following regime of thetion in Europe. A few weeks will show whether citizen King, the election of the Paris Batonnier marks th- spot where the aged warrior sleeps.this view is correct. So much is certain, that Servia was always considered a great polical act, involving Gen. Downs ereced the firet building here. He de- isontheeyeofawaragainstTurkey,thatMontenegro ademonstrationfororagainsttheMinistryof the serveswellofbisconntry. Atrue'patriotandbrave ha« already had some skirmishes with the Turks, day. Mr. Jules Favre's election must,I believe, be tbidier, be periled his life in the everglades of Florida©f raising a battalion of. sympathizers'for Sicily, ventured upon by the Paris Bar, and consequent- There are bo v one Methodist church, and a second in course of construction, and a large and nea.t-ly- enlisted about 1,000 Greeks for an inroad into Thes- ly deserves to be chronicled among the events of arranged Presbyterian church. The present pastorOrntien Meg, another dark bay, foaled in 1856. Pur- "fourth: Collect statements of the progress of the disease, it was tried, [f, therefor* seeurity ag^iimt the,disease may boby the arrest of Kuratosso, but it is firmly believedt h a t the ex-Aid-de-Camp of King Otho .will soonfind meaBjrppeseap<-, and that his followers may, quorum, Sir Charles Wood, that true pattern of the'.'•'•'••1 dam Young Meg, 2 dum Old Meg,'6 dam.:-.4 damby Cracker; by Mcdoo;,..:... by Duke of Bedferd; by Imp. Speculator;cent Legislatures of Mansaehusetts and Connecticut"th<- foregoing paragraph, stated berVjr* the Mae*aebo*<*tts Legis- lati' e Comndttee ibat, 'The cattle that have oeen preserved by inoculation, are all the cat le we have loO, there (A/ricaj. In aafter al^rftotigh now dispersed, arrive at the trys't- ing place on the given day.genuine Whig place-hunter, carried a resolution em-powering him to contract a new loan of Three Mil-lions Sterling on behalf of the Indian Treasury. while to the nortn, soutt» and wes,t stretch away theby imp. Dare Devil.and expresses o.inions as to the proper course forsilcb u constant gofuit of catt e, many pervoua felt obiig-d to in- oculau-. Ka»mers In the interior, havlnB, jwrhaps, some of theru, tniee thousand u-.llars worth . f wool tn their house, llvius; four bMidied niilea f/om the sea boird, where It was to be sold, didAccording to his statement, the Indian deficit was TheagitationinHungarycontinues,andevenGen. in1858-59(thefinancialyearalwaysbeginningwithJEfenedek, the Governor-General, sees now that the and ending in April) £14,187,000, in 1859-60 system of centralizing Germanization car.not be £9,981,000, and is estimated for 1860-61 at £7,400,-nodding corn-fields, and the graceful groaod-swelle of the pranie. R'de in either direction from the city, and you get many mil^s away before you lose a sight of its church -spire and buildmgs. Although the country hns the appearance of hills, yet on ihe samoiit of eacn rolliSo. 15, on the catalogae, a chesnut mare foaled in hertoMr.Geo.BlackburnofMiss,for$170.tfosuspected of being contagious, and hence caused little and when tbey Ino. ubued tbem, they inoculated whole herds.Austria is likewise big with important events.carried on with safety any longer. The financial 000. Part of that deficit he promised to cover from you can overlook the whole country, in front and rear. discussion in the reenforced Austrian Council of the yield of Mr. Wilson's newly-introduced taxes— To illustrate: A tall cottonwood tree stands in a Empire, becomes still more important. It is now a very questionable prospect, after all—while the ravine, yet when the country was new, the lost travelerJ dam Nancy O.'i dnm Litllw Naqcya Jum Nuncy Taylor4 (lam5 damBred to Edwiu Forrestby Wagner:by Medoc;by Loupirns Floriz«l; by imp Sprc id Eigle; by McKing's R jan;by Rainbow.Everymanf«Itobligedtoinoculatebiacattle,anddidso except public alarm. But no sooner was it known to be coa- some two or three strong headed men, who did-lot believe in- ovulation would do any good. One such man is a neighbor of taj-ious, than* an excitement almost amounting to a nine. lie l«*'t It to /ate, ai d out of one hundred and twentypan-c t»roee. Had this discovery been made immedi- he«d. I believe he h s thkee or four leu »other part was to be provided for by the new loan for twelve miles, would correct his journey by its green ble majority in the Budget Committee, where Count of three millions. The public debt, which in 1856- foliage. •-No. 19, Eleora, a very handsome chesnut, foaled in1857. Bought by J. Clinton of Woodfred Co., Ky. have been stayed. Indeed, the nee of/>he wjrm " con-L iu I8W: that recently, in Utrecht and Munich, iuocrilutioii wascertain that the Hungarian party has a considera-Szecsen has developed his plan of Provincial Auton- 57, the year before the Rebellion, amounted to8(i died. i attendee wiih the best rasults—out of ft.aon, only£59,442,000, had now increased to £91,851,000. nothing but the administration of the imperial At a still more rapid rate the interest on the.by Vandal;1tagioue" seems unadvisable, and la this ca^e to haveomy. This leaves fc* the Central Governmentwoile rocking itcelf into the quietude of rest, instantly debthadgrown.From£2,525,000in1856-57becomes,soliaifit-d,andthechangingswelldof.theby Yorkidure;been productive of unfortunate resnks. Mr Klippart ju.-tlyarguesthatifoucethecoutagiouHiieH-ofadis«aeetheIestreanltsinhi>n<i^hboilm>.dfinances of the army and of foreign affairs; all theby Snmp'.or;by Dak« of Bedford: by imp. Speculator;o«an become the fixed billows of the prairie.On Monday-evening last, the Republicans of the Ter- ritory opened the campaign rm st vigorously, by a large and enthusiastic meeting ac this city. Bonfires blazed, cannon* roared, the city band discoursed line music, avoid that bankruptcy . which stares Austria in the Charles Wood's own statement, was increasing in and a number of speakers illustrated the princiojes of. other branches of legislation aud administration it had risen to £4,461,000 in 1859-60. Although the revenue had been, forcibly expanded by the im- belonging to the States rights, are to be exercised position of new taxes, still it could not keep pace8ioce the spread of infection could be upe«dily aud the curhtive or propbyiacilc character of inoculation. T'lese re- Twilight, a bay mare foakd in 1858, was purchased surely • stayed by simjily isqlatiug the animals. If, »< rt* ere scattered tbiough a series of agricult'tral journals pub-fiace. All the Croat, Serb, Roumain, andDalmatian members, and some of the Bohemians, barracks, there has been put during the present, and What a mockery of the name, ana buridsque on the 1 dam DaylightGerman Press is horrified, the Austrian Min- dency has repeatedly said: "Shall a man cross the • 3 dnm V perfect stop to public works and public buildings " Missouri River, and lose the rights of an American 4 dam istry is astonished, at such boldness, which still doos " o f a civic character." This "perfect stop" 5 ramK:iirhe gave the people of tr-e Territory popular sovereignty.are pledged to this system of loose federation. The will be put during the following year, "almost a principle. Tne stu Top-speaking candidatefor the Presi- 2 duiti-Darkiu-Bs,Tery important. The Government has but three possible ways to get out of this difficulty: either to dissolve the Imperial Council, to return to the reign of the sword, and to declare bankrnpty; or to yield to Count Szecsen's advice, and, dismissing Count200,000, one of above 300,000 men. .citizens, feeling a deep interest in the prosperity and perpetuity of the Union. Yet they can take no share, except of feeling, in the exc'itiog canvass^ They can1_dam Bertha2' dum Young Meg.. 3 dum Old Me••by Lexington;by Li-ut. Uasdenger;by Medoc:Indeed, should this special d'isease never r< ach. the Western Inoculated. • *>•*••.3ol Doubtful,. >,,,, tiStates, tbe wtork farmer will find an ample remuneration for any I>i« d , 1 No le.l.lt. 'extra care he may bestow upon b'a herds, in searching for the Severely aflrcted 161 Lost tall 1characteristics of this disease, as otliei d.seases dangerous to cat- Moderately ati.c^ed. 96Bechberg's Cabinet, to put the Hungarian malcon- Correspondence ot The N. 7. Tribune.vote of censure, then the Opposition is prepared totion of ALBERT G. RIDDLE. The contest was an ani-make up for an outlay of three millions on fortifiednot satisfy the Hungarians. Since ail the membersof the Imperial Council have been nominated by of the system. Instead of 40,000, as in 1856-57, vulsed the country, and drenched the plains of Kansas' only ult<!r it had involved so m-my herds as to AuHtria, Belgium, HolJand, Pruosii, aud other »!>un- requiie the oestriiction of va 'numbera of cattle for its wrest—Sir Charles seemed to consider one of the beautiesthem. What privileges does his bill, which has con-ihe Emperor himself as " men of confidence," thissweeping censure of. the present system becomes India; and, instead of a native army of hardly me, waB a large and intelligent audience of American Louisville for $250.Jon of VHstrn rmay we not nroht by th*ir sad experience, a'ad thus escap* both trief hi 1854, '5.>. We learn from these thai f somethere are now kept 80,000 European soldiers in in blood, grant to the people of the Territory. Beforethe spread-iof tfhe disease and its probp.ble consequent excitementby lookiiiL'wisely to the symptoms so specilticaJliy pointed out 7300 coses tried by Dr. Janich in Auntria there weretake their dismissal with a formal and solemn pro- mated one, and, as was to be expected, somewhat the country about the great principle of Popular....by Harlequin.not fail to increase the agitation, and prepare an in- to elect even their Own immediate rulers—their Gover- surrection as soon as the Italian war reopens in reason of their ability, integrity, industry, and publicPrice $210.1 dam LUtle Meg. 2 dam Young Meg 8 dam Old Meg4 damVustly-extemlod gruzlug-gi ounds and wo >d-lauds contribute to tho causi-d by tuoculation as Its -em oi due&se in.te-d of tl'einuf*. ultimate welfure of tho country, as oounoctod with this groat in- The lungs of healthy auimala are not srtoeted by tnoculaU-m. but terest. Wo allude to tbe fact that here we would hare the tneorm the system undergoes a change which destroys tlie auaceptibUlty of testing the value of preventive and curative measures to auy to take the diieuse iu the ua'.ural way." , desired extent, and at comparatively tritllns, expense, both as re-gard* the first cost of animals and the facilities afforded by suita-' These views, it will be seen, are quite oppv>*ed toble locationisto operate in., liere also might, for the some rwtsou those expressed by us, tliat isolation is the sole remedy. • ' bo repeated and made upon original suggesri"ons"erpe':urimi'u'he Spring.CemifcmUmc* of Th© N. Y. Tribune.LOXJDON, Aug. 14, 1860.> The new Sardinian loan of £6,000,000 has beenservice, each filled a large place in the affections of the nors and Judges. No, Sir. the vaunted champion of popular rights f tola away, by this disguised harlequin,by Lexington;by Ul«mcoo;by Medoc;l.y Duke of Bedford;people, and bad ho»ts of ardent and admiring friends,who, entertaining honest preferences, and with a zealworthy of the men snd of the canse, advocated the Sovereignty meant only one thing, was intended formerits of the respective c&ndidates of their choice. But only one purpose—to give the slaveholder the opportu- wh«n the time for voting came, and the delegations nity to enter with sword and torch, aud drive Freedomaiid a very fine bay, byj Soverei„g.n.,, No. *1 o.f wth.we ^o..aut.a- vlogue, foaled in 1858,knocked off to A. Keene Richards of Scott Co., Ky., for $550. Pedigree:/determining beyond elf question, the verity of contagion, and' W e do not take hsue with Mr. KHppart's figures at, oountrieO be made to occupy the mfiids of men, until the moatclosed, and three times the sum required is said to from Geauga, (the county of Mr. R/s nativity) came a fleeing fugitive, from the soil dedicated to its usu by our fathers.have been rabscribed. Thus it appears that the forward and presented his name with entire unanimity The j»eople of Nebraska understand this, aud they '•ikeptSshouirbe6 ^ "** We make no objection to the plan of experimentinglution may or may. not be the much desired panacea for our ills, but st II it is not safe for New-Kuglad'uinner«11 H.-l'Wl.'JS '»L^j±*m$£•Born to no pecuniary inheritance, and early left anMasonic form.*NEBRASKA.OBSERVER.gold to P. Magraff. Woodruff Co. for $105. 'No. 10. Deaner-'a filly by E. Forrest out of theCorrespondence of The N. T. Tribuno.'#No. 12. N^il Maize, bay, b/ed to ri. Forrest; bought by G. Blackburn. Mies, for $100.NEBRASKA CITY ,.Aug. 11, 1860.. In my last I gave you a sketch of a trip on one of the mightiest rivers Of the world. I will now occupy a ft w leisure moments to write you from one of the most charming prairie countries on the continent. At this point the river washes the bank of a bold emi-nence, on which is beautifally located Nebraska City.thoroughbred brood mares, the eame number of trot-ting mares, and the remainder young stock of bothsorts. > The bidding at first was rather languid, two orthree animals beiig put up, and, finding no purcnasers, ScotCo ,Ky.. for $190.of the laiicet aud saddle-bag, no mercury toI subjoin a liat of stock eold, with accurate pedigrees,usitig means of aeeuriiyugainet fire." Fnowlatlou produces no bad effect ordinarily, and is one ofGaribaldi's Englishman, and Lieut. Got Dunne, gerous experiment to charge taxes upon the new hapten his departnre, suddenly di«d,*and was purchasers!- names and prices paid: Sally Ann, a fine, for $110. day, utJoi<:ii>g securiy against a great agricuuur»] c-ahunitv." The Chairman of your Communion regrets that, rVom anthen- tborough-bred, cbeBtnut mare (the d*m of Harper and ' No. 12. Brown colt, foaled in 1859. Sold to C. Kin- tic documents in bis possession, he is obliged to dilfer, with.respect to the benotita of inoculation as a prophylactic against clee of Woodford Courity, Ky., for $85. contagious pleuro pneumonia, not only from oiaay regular med- No. 14. A bay colt, foaled in 1859. Sold to Dr. ical practitioners in whose acumen and ability be has great e-mfidenc-, but also from tho MarsacduaetU Commission, andburied •with all the " pride and circumstance" dueting posture in his resting plac •; the weapons of the ander, of Woodford Co., Ky. After some little com-placed like the roof of a bouse, were covered with aveterinary srfrgeon, who, iu the opinion of your Chairman is not flee Irom national prejudice*. And an a prominent Amerean politician has said tliat' uierieodly legislation* may d -t>;at the a<:tion ot otherwise positive liw, so, likewise, an ' un ri.«n.lly'DIS- practice of inoculation a ay have resulted in the condem "t.'*on of the entire syacem. The Chairman of your Committee '-tnnot entertain the belief that the veterinary surgeons appo 'ited by the respective Governments of Continental Europe areiocom- petent to discharge, in a proper manner, the duties a.->igoed tbem. nor that ti.ey would KMjinlt b correct reports if their transactions, not only for the approval of their employers, bat asdripping with jwarm blood, and threw them upon theground. It w*88a solemn bnrial service. Then plant-ing at the head a pole with a white cloth fatened to, 4 damneath, the tribe in single file marched away to the South.5 dam i • 6 darnthe burial-place of the Ottoes, and now no monunentHere, too, the. natural scenery is grand.away tothe eas-.t,the eyecroeessthe great; river-b'Jttoojs for over ten miien, and rests upon the bluffs which b< und them, having the appearance of high mountains,Mr. Klippart, in the report before us, takes a verysensible view of the state of thiugs in Massaciiusett-s, • country like that, where there are i.o fences and wher« cbere ia"cifi/.eu?" yet, by his very bill he disfranchises 6'dnm....NORTHERN OHIO-POLITICS, CROPS, $c. have no participation, except by their wishes and 4 damleg.bvOld Duke of Bedford; •••••• by imp Spectator; itle, si ow symptoms very similar m thone belonging to the earlier Diseased before iuocuUt. d..prayers, in determining who shall be the next Chief Magistrate. And the nervous, trembling Union-wavers can contribute nothing toward saving the Union, except by growls and curses. True, they can elect a Delegate to. Congress, but he cannot vote, even on questions affecting the interests ofYet, Douglas goes whining and mouthing through5 dam.....Luuie, a bay foaled in 1859. Sol i io Dr. Foster of domii or disapprove ol the legislutivo action bad upon tho subject,StretchingThe whole country has the appearance of a mighty Price. $190. ocean, recovering from tbe shook of the tempest, and1 dam Yonng F.lMer, 2damFamryEHuler,...... byCripple;" Or. Zeliersslated that, in Rhine-Hesida, it proved a complete prophylactic." Mr Hirsbfe'd, of Schleswig H^lutein, says that it evidently saved many cattle in that Pr vince.iativ tried, the successful experiments ranged from a .mil 44 or the (irmuess with which it was carried into execution bythe Commnfriouers appointed for that pin pose, yet, being adniun- (43 70) j er eent to ill (91.58) per cent of ad that Were iahed by their experience, may we never have oce.a*iou to followclosely in theii footsteps, as by watchfulness the di*oa«o muy tritd.never obtain so deep a hold upon our herds and for the reasou The CommitMsionors nsniurk, in oonolusiou, tba'. inoc- tliut, in nny event, uolation wi«)i us of the West, where untoldacres afford such ample opportunities, would effeotutUy cut ulation for pleuro-puenmonia is not iutend/d to miro- short this disease. Ilaving such gre»t adv«t.t«ge» over New-England, in this regard, the necessity for slaughter would, in a duce the same diseasewarm and exciting. The candidates for nomination Sovereignty, which underueH the Nebraska bill. Hetest, which, tinder the present circumstances, could were four in number, all good men ^and true, who by never sought by his bill to give the people the privilege in 1859. Sold to B. Bohanan of Woodford Co., Ky. recovety. In another very important point of view, would our geneous dlsessv iuto the system, which shall have tbe *oundtents at the helm; or, as the Augsburg Gazette ad-rises, to proclaim the Constitutional principle, andcall together an Austrian Convention for the forma-CLEVELAND, Aug. 24, I860. The contact for the nominee,, to sacceed the H^n. E. Wade as the Republican candidate Cor Congress fromTennetsee. P/ice$125.1 dam Susan2 dnm... -.3 dam4 dam.. i 5 dum......by Scythian;by American Eclipse;by Wood pecker; by Mephcatiau ; by Bedford;by Twigg;tion of a Constitution. Should the Ministry, in thehope that this storm too may blow over, ignore the this District, resulted, on the 17th inst. in the nomina- voice cannot'be heard.the Territory. In the great struggle going on, theirthe Nebraska bill, every political right of an Americin citizen, when he crossed the Miusouri River. Popular.......by imp. Speculator; try imp. Dare Devil. •rvei<nt.o exercise to* litrte pov-r DouglM.aod the 1 dam MJP» Tnj«t*«.2d'm Alice C«ro«*l..........be lb</r»>'>^' have b**E L«-tris.>;i- -e At. le» p*a%wlM<: Ihl meal*tt iTh' r»Sv&4 t\ « >'i D«J<J5*oomjt i] » iitools* im, u ber of txtA •ell •»?•' * e BBtl' I (U.'U coTittBfii ;. tend io hrt'Democratic A.ummVration gave tb«m to rebuke an 8 dam Ron «;>a.Adnvni--trsifon faithless to every profession.aud pledge; 4d«m Lady Or»y............ f . . . . . . ,.by Robin Gr«yiT^tior^rTreasnrv aud inaugurated a season of .a.iat-.. by Inip. Fearnoatht; euggetrtion in one of our earliest articles on pleuro- . . b y A i M :7 dnm Lady Tompkins.. 2 dam Kmy Ann ,• »— •No. 2, another brown colt by Sovereign, foaled in1858, wfis bought by Dr. J. D. Scott of 8t. Louis. Col. Morris's herd, instead of Mr. Chenery'ii, we ven- ......by J&r.kcf DKrnondt;pneumonia last Spring. W«, however, would not have this teeting in isolation done solely by the St«te authorities, but by each fa-mer as weM If tbe disease had appeared in 8amoel Thome's, or Mr. Kvlly'a, orAT '-WOOBURN FARM," Ky;, Aug 22.Mr. R. AitcbeSon'" Alexander's annual sale of fine 1 d«m larills.,2 d-m Ann Mvtfty......... thorough-bred m«es, colt*, and fillies, trotting horse*, 3 d»m Grrcbn JPrinceas..etc., took place to-d»y. at his extensive estate, W>od- 4 duta :O . HXJ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .b.uro Farm,.on Wot d/ord County, Kentucky. The 6 dam Old Sleooerklii....Woodborn is situated on the Louisville aud Lexing- B'ack Htiwk was by Bill's Black Ha<*&; Oneida waston Railway, about seventy-five miles from the former city and twenty from the latter. The place contains noaify four thousand arres of some of the best blue-eold for $300-to W . C. TyJer, I»uieville." No 2."- A gray mare f;>aled in 18)5; by, Pilot, ji*.;is. I am told that Mr. A. purposfs erecjiog an elegantetone mansion.shortly. He has already built a statelybewn-stone entrance gateway,, which reminded me ofan approach to s< me of the lordly homes of England,at some ot which I have vieitad npon terms of even as-much intimacy as the great Dion Bourcicaulfc—in fast,had a Dnke, an Earl, and t « o Lords bang on to myarm and press me to stay only a day longer. Bat toreturn to Woodburn. Between fifty and sixty horses S, Johnson', Scott Co., Ky/, for $145. had been advertised to be sold, coos:8ting of about 15stock that this sale was gotten up.No. 24. A che8tr»ut filly, by Pilot, jr., out of Allen's mare. Pnrc'~a*ed by John Marr of Woodford County, K y , for $80.No. 55 A bay filly, foaled in 1859, by Pilot, jr., out of PoteDt mare, to Thomas Steele, Frankliu County, Ky., for $50. A dark gray trotting colt, foaled in 1857,mode a nice little bet of $6,000-.tbe one betting thatBell may carry the State, as there are about 150,000" If wo hud no other evidence of the results of inoculation as 8iorier8 Bert to the infected district by Gov. Dennieon. a prophylactic than the rep-jrt of ilr. Wlllema of HaamUt, Bel-•Late in May of this year, alirmed by the appearance of gium—the (bunder of the Hvvieui—on the one hand, mud the re- contagions pleuro-pneumonia/at.the Eaat aud at tho port of Prof. Simonds, of the Inefficiency of the system, on the other hand, we might, with propriety, be Justified in doubtingimportunate instance of leading farmers of Ohio, the t'^e truth of Or. VV illems's statement Rut when we find that Governor appointed Messrs. J. H. Klippart, Harris, WiUen.s's system was practiced •almost simultaneously by De Saive in Prusia, VVyd'ain Bohemia. Nlklas in Bavaria, Bartelaand Thompson a Commission to proceed to Massachu- in Brunswick, tteinrich, Winter, and Karg in Tyrol, Bartaui, Casorati. Cattaueo in Lombard)*, Kegels ia ravia, Janich in Aua- eeite, and after due investigation, report upon toe fol- tria. with the beat results upon 85 to 9. per cent of the cattle* in- The curious travelers soon carried away as memen- bought by A. O. Alexander of Wooodford County, lowing heads: oculated.,we cannot do otherwise than oelleve that tlie expert- ments of Simonds were made in an unskillful, improper, or an " First: Ascertain the history of the introduction of tho ' unfriendly' manner, in order to luiug the system into disrepute. plenro-pneumonia, or cattle piiiyue, into New-England. Ascer- It is sratifyinR to your Chairman to know that the other membera1 dam Minstrel2 dam Lucy Alexander 3 dam.No. 13 bred to Edwin ForrestBred to Ruiic.Kste Quinn, a chestnut mare, foaled in 1853,•by imp. Expedition; 4 Ofill! • * > • * • • • • • • » • * » * • • • • • * • .by Rockingham;tury measures have been adooted, and with what success ; also, what measures have bet n adopted to arrest the progress of the disease. Determine, as accurately as may be, the manner of in fection oi communication of this disease from one animal or herd to another.Piic* $215 Ped>gree:tnre to say that all excitement and slaughter wouldhave been spared the public. Like sensible men, ac-quainted wi-~h ihe experience of Europe, and tbe symp-toms of pbrnro-pnenm-nia, tney would bave UoUted atonce, and thus checked the disease. But all that haebeen said, and all that the Ohio Commissioners maysay, hae not and will not avail to stop the spite,cupidity, and stupidity of some cattle owners. Andhence a contagious disease which might havebeen easily extirpated, was spread to and froin Massachusetts, and taken to Connecticut;fO that it required the slaughter ofone or two thousandcattle before it could be bemm«d in. Nature abboriextremes, it in raid; and benoe we see that in Maesa-ehneetts, where wild exci ement raged three montb«ago, now apathy exiht*. Stringent rules being relaxed,and pubic oflicers shirking their duty, we may see hit•.....'•ml Old DisuiOiid w^rrj imported by Gen. SpotU 4rood, andThen came some of the trotting stock which wentpnmuro and &<<'i itrue: Either the Massachusetts ciseaie is not the viru- fine-looking a c luttry as we find in Fayette and ' No. 4. The Daniel's mare, a dark bay, bred to lent destroyr imported from Kurope, or onr etttle-Bourbon counties.The Btttbles, dairy-house, arid gome of tho out-build-Kv.,for$75. . .ings are of hewn stone, and have a substantial and neat x No. 5. Celia, alight bay mare, bred to E- Forrest; which has struck terror into more than oneWeeiern farmers which we heartily commend,1855. Sold *o Cbas. Johnston of Louisville, who sold eaye that when tbe disease first app ared, it was not' not dare to leave tin ii home unless their oxen were moc-ilated jti dam El Boruk,4 dam Mary Bedford,.b dam6 dim Col. Hoomes'mare,. by Dare Devil." Mr. Kalkenhauxer, • f Si:e-iia, «UU«d that it wa* attended with " The loTlowniR tibies wer<j compiled from ofti< ial report*among animals were proved, all fear ahsuld snb«i<ie; made bv the various < ommlsMo-'ers and veteiiuary aurg^ona ap- pointed by Government to institute experiment* in ordei v•> t<->itbyJ S.JolmetoiieofScottCo.,Ky.,for$330. Afine by Lt-xington;The annual repoitfor 1859 of the tihio Sta'e Board of Vgricul- ent uponatmospheric peculiadtiei-—-itsexfeusion orsup- turewiljcontain a history of the pleuropneumonia In Kurope; an account of the varieties or breed* of cattle with *-hi-bth* pressinn would be beyond the control <<f human agonor. dist^hse has always originated; Kmop. an policeregilttionv, at.d" Yet." say the.Commissioners," strange as it may seem, but other MU'it i*y measures, i:c , whi.-h were not by y. ir com- few are equally alarmed on tbe appearauife of an epidemic, as ou mittee cmsi-leied prop<ir to form a part of this report."tbe outbreak of a comagi<,us disease. To learn by tne experienceof othtrs is wife. Hence, if the people >>f MassachuHftts haw -Then JUIVW eomeeUtir' i.al ttblee, whichsh >JV the been too slew in makinc the discovery of tlie presence of a eon- reHuhn of'sever.tl tuoueand triahjof inocoliiiou made iu tapidus disease,t h ea^eailtd wi army of u; ehabj oama, vices or exr* 8tatemont.H oieo a»* to prov tiftcate hu^ tx ocive the nam sjuud'couclude* derstaudiis.; t debt contxnot liable." Sigi kind i* ifiveiiand tbe dupHtary protw*1 this simple pporhape uior ThroughCiutinnati 1 ac oiler oi tUIUaud a K barring tbe cere, the Sw In look ill: t. fecte, whi -h it " runs to< miums are •tailious a tiby Glencoe;by U'ugner; ,' '. by Sir Richard;"' •by Ogbi's Oacar; .•....' by imp. Knowsley;by imp. Diomed.lienJah, a stylish brown mare, of two years old, and good movement, wiie knocked off to C. F. Johnson ofUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com• -li-:••-'••.i- .•':by imp. Daxo Devil.little time oriattention is uecexsaiy. While we would not con- — and that in other countries where in<>culauoH waaately upon vhe introduction of pleuro pnenmu >ia, neither alarm nor exeitemont'would bav-- fallowed; ta, by the killing of a very few aiiimals, '.he d(<!»»a-e could" At the •e.Kion of German Agrlcnlturista in 1858, at Nuiera- ber^', llr. Krugooii oi uerman AgrlcnlturisU In 1868, at Nuiera-ered inocula'ioLrs KMldthat Hatixmann, of Haii^ver tir.t Jiisoo'v-„by Lient. Bvislngef;.by Sumpter;.by Cook's Whip;,hy ,:,/ade riampton'i Puragon;by Figure;by wJldoIr; .by Cub:..by Second;Co. for $35. " mant, but those who know its history in Kurope an- No. 8. Bay mare (lead mare), bred toE. Forreat; " ticipate a * time' in September and October. To mysold to C. C idling of Woodford Co. for $40. •No. 9. Deaner'smare, a cie<onut bred to E. Forrest;" mind tbe fact of its lying so quiet in the hot weather " is tbe most- hopeless feature of it. Farmers will get "careless, and before they know it,the disease will be "in among their cattle. I do not think it will lie "possible to stop it, but sincerely-hope I may be mis- " rakem'!' 'Let Ohio farmers, then, read carefully this Report of their Commissioners, to familiarize themselves with tbe history, nature, and symptoms ofpleuro-pueumouia. Thus, they will be prepared to meet the fo« in aneffc-cthol manner, should it, unfortunately, ever present itself at their doors. We would call eepeci*! attentionSo 13. A bay filly foaled in 1856, by Membrin's Chief, oofV)f Hedgeford mare; eold to Thos. Hook ofweie withdrawn, la fact, I thought the wh;le affair No. 14 A chesnut filly by E. Forrest; foaled in to these views of Mr. Klip^art's on the subject of inFopter of Teonessee, for $75.No. 10. A bay colt to the same for $55.No. 11 A brown colt, foaled in 1859, to the same, the prominent blessings of the inventive spirit of the presentFoster of Tenm, for $165. .approaches of pleuro pneiimoijia, and for the cure of which but Slightly alb-cted 11«aiy.6 dam•Merry Meg, a lively, chestnut-colored animal, foaled great measure, be set ovule, excepting in to fur as the destruction " In a ml!der form, a* is vaccination ot inoculation for small-: • ' . . < • > ' • • . - '^ -v «- >^ ',••.'•:•'• • . . .k ,.:•• •- . - ' : .\to tamper with it in their present emergency.Let thisof Hie became a mercy, In oases clesrly beyond the possibility of pox in the human subject, but Is intended to introduce a uo-no-4**Mm.5 dam..After these, the thorough-bred colts were put up, the utility of inooulutiou. which will diubtUas (as it ha* in other this lime, but still hold to our former advice, inocu-apprehension. That it is the same pleuro-pneomoniawith respect to Inoculation for this dL.«*a*e, bat been gleaned from ••.. . .-'.••*wa- *. 