 :&""to time, |H^p««a that make oa leaa foriora"name even indicatealiah thial^aVt1-.- llljlHtT I-it ta atbeholds themartial Davis, the gallant Lahb lated State. No can'i4W*4|N *• ia«'>M>«i** Tvuvm Doxulunoandl-if^lf.r"'"'* riioa,iawnppm.i furred alippen with young snakea, for wham perience, of enduring any imagiaable trial. rowdies and blacklegs of a country, member shares in the pio^erlty of the whole from the Slave Btatea.: *• «M*Mn«ftrTvamI>auAW. ^nrdegrading,as avilest elemento of every communi- In ite area of cultivation. It grows and ex-TlAi'"" ifiili Hit --•-"•t^llllWHi>iHi'nw«il to tk* rUUAcn "Viw-mere toes-up as to whether a man shall crycarnival. We regard the prevaiUng fondneas for such scenes and the general interest whichPaaiahmeat af Death._1 itllfc TllirtllTT MaB.Taw* Kub^BMA KnnVTHBAnB-TAaiitVAiB.gttided devotee of soience. So far, WiOFAUi on the economioal aapects aorely be a matter of profoand mortification in the whole range of criminal juriapmdence respeot He qootea a elaneand regret to the intelligent and virtaoaa citi- which has been so much and so thorooghly de- ConstttaaoD «f the United Btatos, whMi ^^^> the Senate of the United States, between Mr. reasons, too, for his opposition, the chief of zena of two countries who elalm to take the bated. Unfortunately for the pnrposes of eariy clarea that "im person ahaB be deplftaiHAi.s,of New-Hampeliire, and Mr. WiorALL,of which involves a carious piece of Information lead in whatever dignifies and refines society, aod satisfactory decision, however, the ab- hfe, liberty or property withontWilli IMim »AT.T.MT_j. ..».«» or FAmniaa. aAMiXrCflKR, Va. at—WnBiMK*t ha Oauut classicalof the of that the result of this new willpeople's American, light probablyand of common senae. Bat be annexation to England, for the charitable« Ob fnana*!.NEWS OF THE DAY. m" crown wearesimplydelightedwiththeenormityaod purposeofkeeping TicroaiA'atermlikeafoot, oradegree^eeifio ofheat Justcism,allehanceofaid of Bihiical criti- compromise or agreement,the waningpoUic exettaaeBt slaTery, create newoh •^i^gr'^'.-the ofthe intensity— headandherheadonhershoulders," where-lUi Bonaa of Conunotu the OHuidsiation of theMitaipioteating againat tba annexation of Savoy tone in argument of ite ;in which happy land alone true treiadom may beimpoUtio;and «atU^liibto rnMce had baenon the groond thatready scholarship aUoaiOD ; of its lofty statesmanship in policy;"dermanaad a saint If there is oneproposi-Probably, npea *. nAeetk^ttiMKAi«i»n'8repair expenses'the ordinary basis. When he said, for Instance, iinHuilea,bVt they lacked confirmation. highest objectIIbythe need of some civilwho had been Italy last Summer. Everybody here is on the tip- case, in addition (and contradistinction) to the We call attention to this waU-knowa fact, one degree above the Hottentots.ata& MMHiaBeiea.for steamers to landpossible information of the result; illustratednewspapers publish pictorial repreaentetions of to lay three railways in Broadway, but to take tion of the propriety ofpoatpcnad,found,bythe fact that ifanytion better defined and understood than other that a man will hear youto the pddjDMrriM. Lonl Jomi Bobsbu. stated thatilliialilil bewithof the moreof tha Southern State* wfll iaeUaeteimm— -iniiiiiiiilprejadicialofitsdevotiontothepatienceupon good~manysagadoaafriMte.id. Bpssia had not been heard from— all onr City railways as to accommodations iapoliticaland citationsfi-om support yourself by profane•"'The House of Commona votedpursuit;and we know that we ought to makeobjections We arehad baan made to the PortePowers to assist in tha muntaaance ofI in Servia and the Danubian FrincipaU- abused ofthem, engineeringnU any complications and an armed tn- agrariansIoeearthere. It is saidthe Porte had "denouncedbyaristocraticwritersofso essential to"Itraatybecause they hadoflTCapeAssemblyareseizing the op-TooKM raportad in favor ofof alliance with them for cer-"history," contended through six hun-Race the earliest —the light For instance, the way and Stage Association"New-York Rail-SCBBMBS FOB ABOLISHIVO CBSAr FoEver since the redaction of tatea I postal;to "•—"^ the law of divorce, and that to encourage all the State domains and forests of all ;championsthose,hand,op-; plaee Ametun ofwiU Winter to BoaUm" before Hau can carryTtexaa." Wiofall qulreitthe polUioal _^ -». Tta« B.iUIW. 5-S? "*^ pm^eeto of taalgnlfieMit difoitatiee, and ez-impiorenMot in the breeds of domestic animals. booty, trophies and treftsure of the State of HeknamSatebs to aor Sat-manlygeneralinopoeitions, it is that a city railway, such, forof instance,astheFourth-avenne,astotrackand longasyonconfineyourselftofacteandfigures, withhim.analyiiagoftheoldBtateaintheaetttenMBtaad oftheeoantiyis eqoaltothat wUeh would be*ffrfI?S fromtime man-of-warfromtheti|Innr-TOBKi«^«T««l»«—R*o» Two 0*li. •»*••»»• twaddlen, there stUl flaafa npon ua,North, (Mr. Pgon,) whose niiy constitotes its worst featare, and ia tbe tional share of the proceeds of nlee. A newaegroeaofthatr.TOBK TDfM (Umt WMkl|r)-(kiai Ooir of Donaenae moreject It may mari»ble —pretemBtuTal'absnrdltywhichthat knowsspectacle—none is more certain to collect to-aii«t»<« and Pnusia conconed in the views of the nation. This comea of absorption in one white man to curry his horse, he would getI subject.treatr. It is mmored that since Sardinia rejected in the tremulous accents of the "any questionof social orscience as^a*curriedhimself." Theseare the inas to,the Crown, approviag the French the confession, aa it were, upon our knees, and Mr. Wiofall to the HomesteBid bill.anune for Italy, the FrenchUuu»ahavereeiivedorderstobereadytomarch itbesupposedthatwedosoat taa fiiat not&e, and that the evacuation of allowed to show how great, how keen, how coat and were a member of Congress, Chaos ingtrathof your point by light drawn from the Bible, claely what the Governor meant by i^ heTfim^nlytemptation.exactly<ka BBwapapeia waa the Savoy qnestlontongue, and reasonably look forward to a can-;atranslating has wisely vetoed, would atrengthaa As; but .lk«M ia BotUoc new with regard to it. Cmatt C^TOtW haa written a long dispatch nphte to tlw Italian programme, and pledging SanlMa to aUde by the result of an appeal toagance,abouthisreferencesandhisinferences,which pilyhypotheticalcase.hap-trust them. They may deal in palm-oilare much more likely to be trading in ebo^y.name ranked with that of"opinion from at once showing itself. theirseeing becauseweperceive bythe reporto that va-havealreadyreadied a netAoiathaa pointjelly,the PiasMsat of the SenaM of Hessrs. P. P. the lands of the Bepublic iiijCampania, and the bbs by a few artistic knocks may expel the HnsTHT, GsAXT and Trukah, as the select Com- conversion of the profits of ul these sales into breath from the body of Heenak, and yet notMnriUhnltng waa created by tlie appointment bymittee of Conference on the part of the Senate on one vast total, which;is in a condition to require repairs.Besides, the worst is probably not known. Sup- and ot the vetlue of human life, it may alsotha Bailioad Toll bill. The majority of this Com-mitteafavora the House bill, and Messrs. SAJtMoroand Braoi.A censured, with much severity, the sioners, and adjudged by lotted to thehow thepurely specula- and as there is no human means of de-levy which appropriated $193,821 for Commission-that even ite authors mustFmn onr cotrespoDdent at Providence, Bhode Island,welearnthatWx.Joaaaov,thesupposedmnidaer of Capt. Bitbb, of the sloop E. A. John-ton, and of Olitbs and Smith Watts, the boysemployed on the same vessel, has been traced to of which, and the that dty, and that the New-York Detect-theto a competentof the essential details be leftivea who were iabis aiieat during the night.that Mr. Ha-LX is more familiar with his own ingfvr ears and eyes than with his Niebdubs and Lie-B£B8, and that he knows how to use these or-;supreme charge upon Slicking to their business, whatever it be, steadily, stead bill. No man who enjoyed that privi- and yet ready far a Jight with any one who may thinkpursuitof himexpectedto efifsctonmimities, are questions which they are notaay- rate^rhia imiocesce, and appealed to the sympathyof t^Copittnbehalfof hisotaUdildraB, who ware motoerless though their sion, even Im the faint twilight of printhas never imdergone aagedmother waa living. He aaked for a sospeniion offcia aaotence for ten days. The Court aentaneedto at hard labor in the State Um (mprisonment:We really do not see why the Saturday Re- Wiofall and others, is that it is "Macaulat distrusto entirely the operation ofuniversal suffrage, and {oedieto the most dia-pres- astrous consequences from the attempt tomother and foar"vietB shoold be so very aavage as it always is, nary in its character. The Federal Govern- lasted,PrisOD for eight years, and a fine of one doUar. cause it was "therefore has no under the Constitution chance, our criminal records prove beyond poweras decided, and quite as — he deesvided intoequalten commis-prowessofEagUshmenor citizens of the Re-contrary—sho^d portions bythen be di- even thequestionof the relativephysicalbe said that as their views arepens^^as to make the postal of Om reoeiptscountry in fie aggregate fall short of the eostpublicactiaB of the President in thus overriding citizens of Bome. No doubt Mr. Hale would of grave doubt whether a Mcnarchy or acidingrightthe Senate. Finally thethe sentiment ofname of Hr. TaciiAN waa stricken from be as much shocked at the idea that the Bepublic is the most conducive to the physicalis only allowed one himdred days for the trans-affect mostseriouslythosewho now pay thetha Committee by a vote of 19 to 13, and great measure which he is defending should vigor of the membera of the body politic. If carsIHowbeautifullythreepairsof trenchesaction of business, would be a very bootiess postage of the very section from which the;;!.--iK*ti4:_*r ^^..mthe provetheenlianced the seorce from whence it eaa- bypoortheyarestances of the Boman orator's birth in the In England they seem to take quite anotherwould be either an act of very gross hypocrisy or very gross inconsistency.ness of therecognize the like- to that of the coek on theto the horsees agree not to tread oa eaAtion that the bill pass despite the veto of the Gov-«Tnor being loet by a vote of 56 to 60. Messrs.Flagler, WUoy, CoIUbs, Finch and Fulton wereappotated a Committee of Conference on the Bail- of chick-peas," and of his early rise to power Review, the most pretentious, and in some re-proposalmiddle-classes, of his most unpatrician name view of the The LondonThe realbefore thesteble who floor,suggestedsubjectroad TdlUU, to meet the Committee from the on the exposure of patrician profligacy and specta the ablest, journal in England,Banate.highest of the High Church organs in its reli-— gioussentiment, speaks"abolition of capital punishment would have upon the average number of murders commit-We object to any measure wliich propoeee"public corruption, stigmatized him sternly asLegislature,"an aristocrat" But we are sure that Mr!arrangement commission ?to more taxHaie would be the last man to callplau-ted in the State of New-York in a year. expedient ? is the query they have to answer.Wigiall.And this foronlytheory:order, let as begin mileage, congressional franking, and the vari-reasons one we shallsafe soas its citizens aremanypropertyaieoLlylongreadyCicebo, the first mention, is,"to fight in their defence, the nature which lovei Jight- sufficiently explicit term to involve all the de-Is it—is simply thisIn the United States Circuit CourtjAxn S. WiLUAUs was convicted on the indict-mentinwhichhewaschargedwithtakingfrom gansthe Poat-office a letter containing a note for $3,000 looked upon Wiofall in the very act and and tafe at home. We hope and beUsre there are in which thero is no milk, is too heart-rending •ddifaaed to F. A. Williahs. Judge Suai.i.it article of his the Home- many thousands Uke blm In strength and spirit, but a proposition to be for a moment entertained.yesterday,gave^he eaae to the jury in a lengthy charge, and a veadiet waa lendeied after half-an-hour's delibe-to decide.is, tmder rule of conductand that he listened to Wiofali,, andexhaust theirprecious strengthsciMioeaadblahearthe6dle!reathatnoBiaok forIt,MtheOMBepobUcaa ow ever be inangorated Pifisident quired am pttt AdrattiMH liflBr tbe JUifrfifiiOratMnhwlWjXT (he onregenermte mind oo- of the United Statea," aioce if the North " calls a good and a use fol acooaqiOahineat ; bat lib beiveI Woe•f the wor|[ of reoordinc od criliciiing commoa-. , . 'SrtiMfvt^^iOM Stnttiout iu armiea to force the South," WiavAu;.M fittoficM^tUbit the"bU Tlctorluaa " banner intofeela quito aure of thla, because when he looks But aalde fram the partiea eagagod, the brv-hmm tP*^'-" *' poeiiiC the thieadban fallaeiea of iaeoniciUe around the Senate he seea only one mighty talizing efllect of a prize-fight upan the oomma- wmSemA upon by reeeivlBg it Itsnonnced the faet 4at Oenr. anwaai;eenri, has vetoed thehe could find no other abode so comfortable Furthermore, Wiofall himself is prepared to and all the brutal paaaiona of (he low- body poUac. and so comrenient Nothing, of coarse, coald die at a moment's notice, and thinks death a eet part of the community here hold theirTheGot. Stbwak haa aada a dtaeofsnla entitled to coMUeiatiOB. Bebill, If canted into elfoet, weaU dsfrtrc ftfwT tion of the popoiation of tfaalrbe mora nn-oonjngal, nothing more worthy efthe seTerest reprobation, than sueh a proceed-ing as this. And yet we may aa well ooofaai tall's case we fear the chances are hardly they excite, as one of the most unmistakable in discnesing the propriety of abolishing capl- ri^ta. |He dearly holds thatThe debate which took place on Thursday In of the Homestead bill. He hadpoliticaltean of indignation. We owe this to oar was tha aad for seven impressloa,long yearstheyquotes very Legislature ignore all those well-defined fea- seems to be the ail-but invariable result of from the decisions of Courte innottofillherslipperswithsnakea. Weought Gioiaiout."the " mutt!er, grim and great," which then and ing new light on this matter; andbetween attemptstoregulatethecivilpolityofmodem otherSlaveStates,tonutainthlathere took place, history,in modem times the byoutrages perpetrated byboth of these Senators, and especially by the by also New-England, that macadamized Senator from Texas, upon the popular notion country in which the sea-gulls can't live," willsteam as if that term defined the engine,"man" define at once the moral status of an al-seems to vanish on the Instant and the con- tieathe "sympathy for the colored pertte eCfor his wife, or liis wife for bim. In Mrs. Wio-Tbe Assembly is eagerly engaged at presentjIfTJ—r 0»»ft«W-4B»»A»» Ai It Vai—L4W ros at once to a lurking sympathy with this mis- even. evidences of a low civilization ; and it should tel punishment There is probably no question rigA whidi white mtm atenXAlSI-^An 8aoa»-Baou> Texas, on the Homestead bill, was not as to edocatioik at the South. Says Wiofau. that the peaceihl conteats of literature, of art stract right and wrong of the matter have law"—aad fiirthenaore, that "fat aQgg^ pOiriBT and very creditable to the character, nor to the North—been argued with just as muchaWWB AWwaaw tal KnnlBC—Oua Tery well calculated to enhance the reputation " The people of the South have been kept quiet for than the vulgar and brutal disfigurement of and volubility aa ite expediency. As this haa to a apeedy and poUu; trial by jtny." XUg^JB-llPf**TM;nBAXBB IXUTOAIS—Sonnni > St. Faol.of the senior branch of the American LegialS'tore.s time on the supposition thst Gen. WASBuroroa, or Cea. Jacxsoh, or tha Almighty, had at some tiiae formed this Union, and old King Csoaos had oome over here with some Hesslani to break It op. ThatAs patriots, we know that we ought to it with bloshes of shame, if not withEngiaeering at Albaay.So long as the City Railroad bills before the on the part of the contending parties which stitationality; and hemdMf^tA^ Bllirif Tin ABHaaa* Oa.l Maaiamia to be mortified, sorry, Texed, disoontented, at WiQFAu. thinks the South is acquir-peruseBiLOOX-AataaiOnnaRlItDnmu.nriy4nia>T-KMr Bnadwar-Maani e* Kna country, as the natoralist owed it to his wife shsd vast quantities of blood, and thsy whipped old tures which constitute the difference Keatadyand a fiUnt flavor of reason and than we should treat CaAos itself in that reality—^they did of his error but ifsort of repotetion as civilised humaa beia you TheenaetmentofsnehlawsaaGov.Siawmight have compelled us to deal with him onventure to his manner of impugnthe proscribed and Bome,"dred jrears ef the Bepublic" for the principle ofproposesnot onlyia discuaaed i^ the the act con- against the agrarians;" it is quite plain British Parliament, grave journals canvassis since the traffic of even when relieved of mostformer burden.a warSralmg tke Hoomaa grant Tit. PiroB introdaced that the Senator from New-Hampshire was the subject aa one of muscle rather than mor- Broadway,of view and for otherthink, for the reasons shove steted, it is awaste of time to make a display of it on an oo- plan recentiy reported in the Seaaiabyft.repealing(rf' the act to establish the Terri-a faiUaaiaDdatafy not without some glimmering notion of what tory, of -Dtali. A resolution introdaced by Hr.Baoirv, inatnicting the Committee on PabUc he was driving at He had no donCt heardwouldof national honor were in as that which in other places ren-linoa to inqoiie into tha expediency of ceding the of NiinuHB, and perhaps of the Lea Licinia.to look to it for any aidteaches with no less force how contribute moat largely for the suppeit of thathe libels uttered by Ciczbo and othersfooting—;topic —pointepurposes,andin0^]i. A nnmbei of private bills were passed. course, he did not mean to confound the prin- sorbed, as a general thing, in prize-fighte, mayIn tke Stato Senate, among the bills paased yes- of the Homestead bill with thetoid«rweie thoae to amend the charter of the cipleIf«W-i<«k Academy of Physicians and Surgeons law of BtiLLus, which demanded the sale of difTerence which of the twoAgrarian verywell it as a matter of in- regard supremeshapeda heavy business traffic this is a matter of politicaldelivered by carriers in large cities.The aggravation of the injustice Is greatlycan ever think of in connection fit to chaUtnge than, and luokbig upon the uss of Wiofall,optBieae stead bill in the debate in the Senate, by Mr. satisfactory trial, that the certainty of being deal more emphatic than complimentary. Mr.ratioB. Tha priaaner, when asked if he hadtliiDC to aay, oriefly addreaaad the Court, asseve- with anybody else. Nat Lis's line alone can arms, not as a disagreeable duty, but as a pleasaatlegedescribe Wiofall as he appears on this occca-" None bat Uaiself can be UiparalleL"in commenting upon the fightiag propensities ment, it Is urged, is the trustee of the publickill as another, fnUy manyIIoIribb appeared, and gave bail in the sum of these arguments against the "Homestead leae true, that Tom Sitsis and tae Beuecia Buy' beenThe trueto Iffor life be in its place, The House of Commons is said to resemUe adoptedsuperior may poundpnnishmentshownas iswelfareof whitemancametoTexasandaskedanotherLet not responsible for their cequence or their co- but let us be hesion. If Chaos wore a black aatin waist-history,that we are a mixed people." That ia apenitentto all common vehicles travers- and that the system of fur-;"againstonher80 counting-room engineers taOT' aboat "a or of any satisfactory solation of the of problem, subjectl^'tV institatim," aad eaoi^''*^version of either side to becomeOne Arfa* later newa from EaroiM. In the Eng- of the Senatorial character; of its dignified be taught her dependence upon Texas, in to, any more than does the simple phrase a There is no peculiarity of disputeUon, as the population. He thinks aad Ic^iriaMi^'^na C«iH& airived at HalUu yesterday, withimpossible.carried on in Christian commimiUes at the present day, stronger than the notorious fitotfreshtherefore, elearly is clearly rigiit..If we can get any cine to the proposed na-vatfff"md aofiaga. There were reports of an in- that the of his ambition in adro- Europe la on the eve of another battle. The ture and functions of these schemes by what rance of that ancient and venerable tongue friends have already imbibed, that wa ata aiffcThe Oomliig Fight.the cating the Homestead bill waa to have his coming fight between Satbbs and Hbkhab ex-cites almost aa much interest as did the war intoeofanxiety. Arrangementsarealreadymade lobbyengineeringin theirTliB lAiited Btatea gvn-boat Mohican, Capt. "a fair and distribution of theOonM, fton Hew-Tork, arrived at Porto Grande, equalSt. Ttifiit, Cape Yerde Islands, on the 8th inat., lands," and referred to "Lixbkb and other the drill and discipline by which the illiutri- up the Rosa pavement and aubstltute tiie Bel- ishment to exhibit their Bibliaal lore. What- reasonable scale, attempts have beea vt^ and tkaaMam-nigata San Jacinto, Capt. Jauxs F. modem historians for the refutotion of ous heroes of the aHair put their foreea upon gian. Fancy the delaya and smashes in side ever the value of tills lore may be in other stantly mads to restore in some depae •»Ammmukg, from Uoniovia on the lltn.Ib^ the Vnitad States Senate resterday, Hr.— theders the Belgian pavement almost impassablepublicabolishing ctjiital pim-wecaaion of this sort All our experience of ho-the former heavy impomtiions to the |and theTtTLKB,Florida,from the Post-officeOeanrit-ality,somevolved in the issue.mangrave pointnature forbids usIn the solution of a political diffi:nilt7< itnd tiiatwhde ia of its omnibuses, matter treated as ifbe asheavyoftee, for Increasing the rates in that illiiiaHiw which win most heavily oppress times whapafaSc laada to the Btatea m which tkev lie, was He meant of course, that he was to be"Wt-rl Id tlie House, Hr. Nxtsoa £uled in an willingaPWfcWT to c^ up the bill to suppress polygamy considered a Tisutirs Gbaccbds. Equally, of the community whose thoughte are not ab- two, relaid, littie the interesto of religion are served by national mail department neThat verylargethat of Hr. Snsioss substituted by a large be likened to such a proposition as this, as he Hxeman should have ills head knocked off Us will intensify and complicate this process, and and unprofitable task. Moreover, for a com- proposition comes, it especially unjust aad las-aujorlty. In the Assembly, Ur. A. Suith made a how gloriously six seta of ruts will cap the ninoittT report against the proposed amendments would be at the pretensions of Mr. Wio- shouldera in this encounter, we should not feelmunity which awards ite highest honors to politic.It is true thatlargeeitieeSoati^Charter. He charged that the bill had FALL, who leads the assault on the bound to abolish the Constitution and abandon climax of disorder, when the light BelgianGenerals, and which no virtue so like Charleston and a few ottters, vrouM bear placesa portion of the burden as well as "SmtttvA.to thabeen concocted by Mayor Wooo and Comptrollergreathighfield, in defence of the life, liberty and propertyCitypavement, after the manner of Belgian pave- menta. Is hammered down by the continuousHomesteadof the City between the Democrats and Kepubll- who defeated the law of Rullos. Mr. Halb should we consider ourselves one whit moreofcsns. Gov. UoBOAH sent in a veto of the action of spoke rather contemptuously of Cicibo, whom respectable as a nation, or more competent to nmningraU!Must every detail of way and equipment bestudiously excluded from City railway bills ?or will the consideration of a few mechanicalfeatures so complicate the question aa to addlethe brains of the Albany engineers ? or cannot can discuss with profit Is tiie effect which tbeHaws, with the purpose of dividing the patronageand othergreat Northern towns. But the ine-the House in striking out the clause in the Taxbill,to JiecomparedtoCiciho,theexperimentself-government.as successfulmansiajang on the battie-it has become fashionable of l&te years to fight the world in arms, if Satebs should suc- eis of Becords. The veto was sustained, the mo- abuse dreadflilly ; and forgetting the circum- cumb under the blows of his opponent's fists.of the matter thus In a country where it Is known that honor aadheavily than atpresentUt o%tm take wiUman like Toa Saisss, who left his business aa brick- layer trcm mere devotion to txixing, ptuesaea, toe map jajf, a character vhich, in proportion at it prevails among Englithmen, xciU make tkia country feared abroadof aInterlude In the dally routine of life."^atwagMunless a On our Western and SouthwesternIn the Court of General Sessions, Aj>ol- "rider" could be tacked to it providing to he will find plenty of people who " love fight- to give them away. If, says the Senator from question, is on the whole a small one and theare Anti-Democratic,asAlison's, thonghWiujAHS wasrmn Baxht, the Broadway gift-book agent, give each citizen " three niggers," to be freshly ing for its own sake," and who are ready for Texas, Congress "would give lands to the absolute certainty of any other severe punish-verymuch afiiscted.eleemosynary ;"frontiers,opinionsquiteSaturdayquestionand the only one which it has to discuss, or "Now,command A •retpect,says or how far that law is bindingNor— thelet's all other's toes.":waa eoBvicted, under a special act passed in 1853, imported from Africa for that purpose. The a fight with any " who may think fit to chal- landless, why not niggers to the niggerless? ment would unqnestionably fully equal it as a sustain them. We suspect this letter wS eottOed "Aji act to suppress gross frauds and " "mock, auctions," of obtaining the sum of $100, thought of niggers took Wiofall at once to lenge them." Their style of fighting may not why not give money ?" Wehave a word or two preventive. But when people talk of substi- abate considerably the entiiuaiaam whit^ hasnaodalantly, from Jomr Hock, under the pretence " Texas," and Texas took him at once to be so scientific, but it is quite as effective to say in reply to this objection. tuting imprisonment for death, they must re-—aar, at a monthly salary of $50, with all expenses Imposiiible for Texas or for any State to com- why it should nut comiuaod as much " respect" sales of tke public lands waa once made among and the Governor's pardon once refused,pervaded the country for Mr. 'VL^ih.mjk.t. 1^^ rCah Such Thikqs Bb»—We find the foHaw-of OMldayiBghiBaahlsagentto sell books and " "jawahjrli»«be Btatea of New-York and NewJer- treason," which he said it was manifestly as that of Tom Sate bs, and we know not An exact distribution of the proceeds of the member that the trial and the appeals once over,VaU.;. Be was remanded for sentence, his counsel, mit." So manifestly impossible. Indeed, that The Review goes on, in a strain which tbe several Stetes, and in one State, at least and the criminal at the foot of the gallows, his ing most improbable statement in a late report^Jtai T. Bkadt, having notified the Court that he if Texas should go to war -with the Uni- sounds amazingly like satire, though it is sober a further distribution waa made by ite Legislsr fate is certain. Hope is at end ; and in this of the proceedings of the British PaxUaoMat:""WJWBietfiatelytakethecase before the Su-Coort on a bill of exceptions. The Grand ted States, he, Wiofall, battling be- earnest to commend the example of prize- ture of the money thus received, per capitaJroMB indicted ^ory yesterdaynan Bkast to vote in the Board of Aldermen for—James McIstybx and neath her banner, would demand to be fighters to general imitation, aod even quotes each man, woman and child of the whole pop- is at once ite great excellence and its great de-"Joani 0. Tircxui for an attempt to bribe Alder- treated as aprisoner-of-war in case he fell the New Testament in support of its viewsulation receiving an equal amount But tills fect,all the terror of hangingfor criminals.tte appointment of Gidioh J. Tdokxb to the iuto the hands of the American army. Senator It says :Praajdapcy of the Croton Aqueduct Board. Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, seeing all the force of " It may iurprise some persons, but it ii severthe- satisfactory to anybody, and it has not not be overlooked in finding a substitute for it tend forthwith in his place In tie House."!which the partieahad been pot to aa eipMssafimprisonmentpeared. Bumor has it tuat he has gone to the bill," here timidly interposed the assertion furalsfa at the present moment aa example which de- be adopted in the execution of this this certainty, as this punishinent Is now un- the House of Eepresentetives. We need aay9^060 to answer. Hr. Tookxb has not yet ap-!WestIndies. that" " ttrvettohegentrallfimitated. Forwhat,letusask.repeated.principleaUCT^ras.precedente existed for such a meas- trast, we take to be that of theIs the course of training which these champions mutt great disposi-derstood and enlorced, would be altogether nothingmoretoshowhow un- preposterouslyf ABtock Exchange yesterday, prices finally closing } brought undergo at their country quaiteis during30 cant, lower on New-York Central, and | on Wiofall down with renewed vehemence. which precede the dght ! Tse first principle neces- best develop the resources and promote the in- when the execution of the sentence com- ever have really occurred.ahooldfair amouat of business was done on the ure. Unhappy Jobnbon! He merely the weeks tion of theBoell laland shares. The market otherwise steady. Wiofall despised "precedents." He wanted sary to be observed is " to keep the body la temper- tereste and prosperity of the whole country. menced, would have a boimdless field to rangeunprecedented proceedings of all sorts, and ance, sobersess, and chastity." Indeed, the Itmding Upon this principle immense tracts of wild over. To the uncertainties of aEzclMnge on London steady at 108}®J.Iha txanaactions in Cotton were limited. Prices ^rar^maitaad. Fknir was less active, yet essen-"rulet which guide th4JudKi»ut trainer might almoil ailphysicalAekBawIedsaeals*We have received the following donationa f»Ka diasolution of thelands in the new States havetially MThangad in value. Wheat, Barley and the special purpose of enjoying the unprece- boc'y, and bring It Into nbjectlon,' la a precept of ated to, and in the construction of, raiiroEids. of unlawful escape from custody, there tlonedintheTnasofTharsdvBaomiag:particularlyUnion," forhe found mtha New Ttttamtnt.'Tokeepunderthebeenappropri-criminal'ssituation,the thouaand chanceswidow whose,Mse waa aaar ^^•. .Sye vau qniat Com was in domand, at, how- dented spectacle of New-England on her knees «hlch no one knows the value tKtter than the sue- There is one serious evil which has resulted are added, under our system of gov- vrnm G .... S3 00; Nemo fS •MTitrnpuar latee. The movements hi Provl- " the South to come back ;" of the ccEtful prize-fighter. Tha naxlm, 'to run that y< from these —that the lands so the chance of pardon from ^r,Soa..v.-.:....0!0oWomo.U^8y«»« I1B2iioaa«<NftiK Pork was depressed. Sugars and begging may obtam,' Is treoueatly fergotten by the candidates grants donated ernment great From CMiillMW «•*• ^ sood request. Cofiee, Rice, Na- Sooth, firm in conscious rectitude, like Virginia for literary and scientific and forensic eminence, but have been held by the railroad companies for a the Governor. As long as this functionary valBtaMB,OOa,andmostkindsofMetalswereenhershield,sadlybutresolutelyrefusingtoneverbyUieafplranttothehonoroftbechampion'sspeculativeadvanceinprice,andthustheischangedeverytwoyears,andthepar-FJSSw..':::;:::;::f»gofbLdieof^udi^ygtrtw dealt fai. Otiier branches of trade exhibitedbelL"Of course, no one can have the least objec- into the State, has been diverted by the fact cretion, whether that discretion be wise or0ywytamaikablabe liffed by any such pea-hen crywhich would otherwise have fiiowed doning poweris absolute dis- intrusted to hisof the North- em sailors and operatlvea parading the North-emigration,the men to coin their heart's drachmas ;" because the "dissolu-fightinglands grantedaod customs of tfce ta a people, were sketched;—L^IHnnmi FOB th« Crrr. We publish in ern streets, " bearing on poles the heads tion to cultivating bodily vigor and muscular that the valuation put upon some of its best foolish, npright or corruptwhether it be exer-tilt, principal ofthepopular school fat boys at Ha.^tUs morning, the new Charter of Skwabo and Hali." And why did strength. These—are excellent adjuncts to a lands waa beyond the means of tbe early set- cised by a strong maa in obedience to his own 900 Broadway, delivered a public laeliire last < with Intbelecture-roomofhislastltate,apoathe^lgwn up in Albany for this the sanguinary Wigfau. desire so alarm- manly character, though unhappily they are tler to purchase. It is to be hoped that no conscience, or a weak man in compliance of " France and the Fieach." The laetara waa e Qltf^i^gt^m''n^% qfBopaia of the Health ing a consiunmation T Because Sewabd and nut those qualities which need development mere such grante will be made without a distinct I partisan requiremente or suggestions, the un- posed principally of iTOlnlansnfins of travel la rr«an s> bOl^ClMWtVnlil'*^'''"*^ ^^ ^^^ await Hale, like mean mineralogists aa they most in the class of persons with whom prize- provision being incorporated in them that the certainty of the punishment would so largely In which the geograpUeal, Ustarical and arAIteala-f^ CAb^-^T'^ inhliliiinshall be in the enter Into the calculations of an intending kept constantlyought to know it ;" because, " his con- prize-fighting does not rest upon the training grant of the public lands to the ac- all evento the proposed change U than a their bisnda.Our readers are, " were notfinds flavor. Alectual culture would supply that of wliichral features of the contiy,. and the social mmaaacalittle moral or intel-for them- blood intoLliiifiwlMlj «lMt lauBWiw ov Albany tion of the Union is possible, and the North have much more need. But the objection to by Government Now wherein does the plotter of murder would be deterred by it^ At alarga aadlsaosof the popUs ot the tsolnnraaAh»T«!iaHii wwatimUyof aeebig iiUns Intend to gtre oa.theymarket atanequitable price,to be determinedcriminal,aat way, aad to the evMeatdelightupon^oreUntitled Document'tolMMb0^|nlaWil'#-''i**f' ^gnat, ud theia eUher bejnstUed,isthatth«laiBnet beiM«tto onescarcely worth while to a go throughoauaeof trafaiing with profeaatonal plckpaekoto to ae-only gnNnid v<w vdiioh,eaae,iteaathat he haa onoo smelt basis upon which reat the laws by which aoch maricet is opened to Its prodocts ; a fresh of an gunpowder whUe from the South he exhibitions aremorninghiaMaiaa^apip..^-"—-«-——"-" XV.TOBKTOfU (WMkly>-Tw* Dnuu •priie-fight pands, and aU the elemente of its wealth andn»XD{HrOS OJlUVOUIU I* pabUibalMth* in the atady of herpetoiogy aa to fiU his wife's indeed be supposed capable, after such an ex- is always the gathering-place of all the progress are mnltiplied. In thia way, each paUie doeimeDto of Sm dayalmoetonce a pleaaore and a wooder to puraae.be more low or home is provided for its aorplos population. thenegro qoeatioB with tUrneM and commonaablime, glemm; forbidden in every well-rega- stimnlns is given to ita indnstrlal eneiglet ; apropedyeae^ docmnent maWybeeaMa-fIIt laof a certain celebrated naturaliat, that who once ate salt pork in"oountiy,onitIsenlarged ofthehe W88 so completely carried away by his zeal pany with Wiofall himself," and who may ty, than thla. The scene of aIrecordedFlorida,getherturning,Hsmfbill,in com-In a the word,should excite lesstwo hnman countenances in a prize-fight.theinvariably led to citations from the Bible aa hia judgment cleariy <nfjiid<»t eontioUng aothority, the result -haa been ftat aona, and would render tbe determined adherence to their own opinions terly inoperative, on the groindofscience,general interestpertinacity proeecntions,accnaed ahaUc^oy fheil^a very great obstacle, and a source ofenormousor fh>m the works of secular writers. But if you once ventare upon the elucidationS. concludee his Keaaage by myi^' "thestreetsometimes leaks out aboutwe shall seestreeto, while this littleNone have beat made wlkinprogressIAndthen,moreunjust discrimination, however,tiiaattaof in a couple of years-^ancy the job numberrespectable portion when it has to be and so on. The experience— jobandsucha — jobBuss pavement is the only one, except a well-to double the now postagejiiiipraiUsa ia paid oa drop lettavTo theCnstom-honse,nowlaidsomesixmonths, poseon the othershouldat a matoh of fisticufis. history. The Belgian pavement in front ofwhoof death because it—we pose the rails to be of the gutter patternwill rack and strain, as their wheels mo- surgementarily outof the troughstomake room forthement^hileSouth it is so fisr a subject of es-have no assurance to thebe settled. It would still be a matter tracks, express wagons and private carriagessibletailsand that the over-worked and long-suffering victims ofpublic trust shouldIf retrenchment is to be theto lop off the excrescences of constmctiTe— jobit fulfills all the conditions of What the law of Moseson theAlbany engineering;ous schemes and contracte for publicwhich constitote the real burdens of the de- partmentover fountainsPabiic I.a>d Oranto.competentExpediency greatA grave objection uiged against the Home- changethoroughWiQFAu. objected to the Homestead bill be- of certain portions of the American people. lands for the equal benefit of all the States, and ent chance of being hanged. This latter carry on a Government upon that basis. Blapubliclands in such mode as willwanting. Hope,instead of being extinguished likely it is that any such transactionTbe moreA railroad" is a''—a nniaance and a benefit so long as the nations by the precedente drawn from theit is to beo^aka.simply a railroad, about " a railroad," aa if that were aMosaic law. As soon as aa attempt ia made—enactment of ancfa lawa wiil onlyishoped that they will be defeated. People talk to support or condenm a legislative measure to tbe credit of special aagaelty. tttopropositionfunctions and value of the machine referred "4J*J*^;l|JiJJUiJJJWI jM-M',^9. "T^growth-ita propor-toState lait ttKntrj, M%.\.Hebrew text, neither his nor your entire igno- lief which some of our good^atoredwill prevent aa irreconcilable differenoe of idly failing back into barbarism, and that IftTlike and we nishing the conditions of discomfort for the your saccees becomes impossible. Ton may probably be himself a little poBled ta Wiofall; putand tberetnm of the army to Prance is electrical was ourlliiartMinl The Bank of France had rained Mr. Halc we might have resisted. There it to onr readers whether we ought to be ex- price of luxury, is both an unnecessary and an correct his interpretetion of tiie Stetotes at " Mixed" as we are, however, it iswould talkfomr and a half millions of francs daring intolerable nuiaance to the whole people. Let or of work in his mother tks aoalk. The prominent topic with was a kind of method in his rhetorical extrav- pected to treat Wiofall any more seriously these schemes show their colors before we Large, any originalacknowledgmentrious members ofportunity offered by the discussion ofthis ques-iron which can stand making it do duty as a combatant in purely pavement — long warfare.theconflicts with some abstract notions of their nates. It is a well-known fikct that the Past- own of the power of society over individuals, office North is a source ofprofit to the Oovena-tive,of the wheels in onewheels of vehicles running in the groove of the token in the ia so obviousline,theoppo^te of its citizens, to place on record a solemn re- quality of such a tax on the two sections of the pudiation of all power to hang a murderer, country, aggregate,theConstitution,punishment for mnrder, we think, though thein anotherand eleemosy- shut up, and worked hard as long as his lifewould to all abont topresentpersons terrors as hisfact, in its character of irretrievability, whichCk>l. FAnia msde a statement to tbe Hooss, Vut Mr. 1. Pops HnnssT had neglectel to attend a KaU- way Cemmltlee, of which he was a meaker, and brliesexperiment of legislation did not prove When it is sought to absllsh it this fact must £400 ; and the honorable member was ordered t» s>;that it is hard to suppose that apleaes-f aad edUntlsaIs qoito eBoogh to distlagal£htt«The Governor diacovenaoadiy oftKa^i^J^; tions to this bin, one of whichGov.very profonad philoeophiealfluM^ pa^that we shoold endeavor to pi enei le aaor the ef tbe collection. A measure, therefore, for wrong,whetherdiscussion of them by a legislative body, which increasing impositions ,in such a way aa tosubject modem com-Macaulat oh Dbmocbact.—The admireia of tuting imprisonment for life for hanging as a MACAin.AT will be edified by a letter, whioh vahistheirAs to the question of the propriety of substi-;an estab- lishment which has become a public necessity.column, givingconcerning oar model Republic. It is a goodpublishnot resort to the same perversions of fact t»the reUefofthepoor1*** Edward ""I Total ...tMM Frabcb aid the Fbxkoh.—Plot Jokb IUMmsc--ploader, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 