 Vi 10rMORNINGed,tarlagexeasedbfanIfbyatytagbeOSSdrunkwhen a'quirB*dlabytheSouthernpeopleaswellasbytherT PRICK TWO' ^E\ FHTEMSTIJtG iBOl SPRUGFIEID.I. (IaagStST) AS respects aba fatare, era sirao design upon the South Ws know tbs pnuciples upon which tola tovernment was founded, A w rrctMcBt suoj f i t * PrcslsVMt Beef aad oar object to to presirvt to* governmentopen these principle* Ail we asked of tbe South watthey should not expect that we would alter to* institu-tions whlab our fathers gave us, or to state toe government tbey bequeathed to u* en other fsuadattoes thanthey bad placed under It. If changed hi any way, itwould become our duty te bring ear institutions baskand build tbem up on the fwaaastfeaa on whtoh theywere first told. Bey ond that what barm da we wtob to*South i What evil do we cherish against tbem f Whatdesigns do we ent er tain against them i As tfod to just,anu ioooweth the secrets of toe hearts and eaisntenois ofmen, we purpose aomaltoa agataat them, we entertainaoenvyofthese;wobar*aowtobtolimittbem,aah*v* fromW.BFarwell,oneoftheeditorsoftbsAimCaltao indisposition to sympathize with them in every atop /ernis, dated San Francisco, November 8, via Fort Sear- tory make towards honor and greatness aad glory.(Apv'auiu ) No where have tosy more warm tymps- a*y, anaouBClng that Llooola toads =a Oallforato eeverel<tion ul any man to the Preaidenoy by the American peo- the nature of things brought about by man, but as the Pastor, aim Place Concregational oburon, Brooklyn. chased from the Usitod Stotot government, have lately ar greatest snftcrer. It says that, In esaseq uen x of the re ple. In accordance wUh toe constitution aad laws, d.-as result of growth I take It. that toe vote of the people BBOOKLT.V, Nov. 19, I860.the rew very of tbe greater part of the stole* good*. The prisoner was brought before Jostle* Kelly, tt the Lower Polios Court, and commatoofor examination.SHOOTIXG AVFKAY is Wuxun Smast—PBOBABUS M S caa —About eight o'clock last evening two men, one aa Italian named P. A Orzali, and a F.enchman tamed Louis Larone, while at 216 William street, got lata a die- pute, wbicbfinallyresulted tn Larone drawing • revolver, aad shooting Oraali ta tbe breast, causing a most dan- gerous wound, whtoh it to thought will prove fatal. La- rone, as aoon a* be had committed toe act, bed, bo1, waa arrested about an hour afterwards by efteer Allen, of the Fourth precinct. Tne wounded man waa placed to the- i#r!l«| P ""Xl'JSS TZJLir- *m*tf***^r»+'**i*****m ip.ruTHe Mttttge of Mi© Governor of Worm Carotin*.at which toov resolved to cou- en Sunday hat, atwhBunt* Mea; to dtoregardtoast itqntoHlve residents at toe"an possibly sbtaia from aayTbto facility o; easunanication moves society aero to its utmost depths At the formal aad State dinner par- torn of high officers of the federal gt vernment, or of the diplomatic rflpreteatatlvet of forCgn eourta,et toe afaj banquets of political cettrles, at tbe little quiet prandial affaire in the capital rooms of Guttler, nototag owe to talked of. ssaaTat"i•mate• !"he TOE CRISISATTBEM LtoeeolnsuasftbeMiauinwaattogotog on from Baino of It i BHIial nuiisji *T Virrtaiabald • to Florida at- every important point, earner then thtMt-nstors aad reeiatiutatlvaa, aadsr toe present and pre- cttdiag admmi nraiiona of the federal government. Con- aaaacaUy it to fair to presume that toe South, so far Lom domaoding tte repeal of the exlsttog town upon too eabtert toeftbstnowssriy ss ssssattol to bar safety aad equality •a toe rjBtee.wlH testa amm their being re- tested npoa tbe Statute bosk aad faithfully exeauted.Hted to tnfer that toe Southern peoale re-Nor are we perm!qolre aay additional legislation by CoBgrost oa tbtoTbe mare to lk and tbe more excitement, OS better for tbemand Equipped.TKE MILITARY RESOURCES Of VIRGINIA.here or temporarily sojourning while en route to their they now stand, acd only desire to be let alone, without sera*, the question trtott whether Mr. Lincoln and htothe arsenal walls, hst encamp Is the eummndieg enclo- he strictest military dtoclpHao prerailt amongloadaty.the BSOSBBIOB lag wee hutotil o» Baterday hi awltSSSatfrom tee ansory of the Bepeblicaa Baas, whs lately vatted New York. The Chatham Artillery trad a salute ta the occaaloe, Mayer Joaee, of Savannah, asd othersthe North which would result from the free trade pollsy.The inquirer hen refers to the HSJUU-'B suggesttm to , to publish a manifesto assunn? <he South of bit to do her no Injury, and thus avert the impend-l»r;v numbers of whom are coming out openly for pea^e- portion of toe American people by occupying the chair a •': c woiutkm. Tbsy maintain that the question must oncefilledby Washington, Jefferson, Madison and Jack——THE NEW^YORK HERAL33=,j1 ••:r:•BBnijiamBas^^'.•EDITION-TUESDA Y ,NOVEMBER20, 1860.are certain to be safe aad harmleet anough.The Bnquirer reviews the opinions of the TWbune, Timet and Nsw Tons Hauxn, aa to the policy which EmthufiABtic SeceMiom Meeting at Lincoln will, and ought to pursue. It refers to the des- crepeocy in the views of u e Tiibmu and Tim* on the N e w Orleans. qaeatlon of lbs right of secession, and scoffs at the ides of unconditional submission by toe South, from the fear of aitgatort them, l a toe Northern States therebave beea elected already a eumcient number of'im o-ratic members ot Congress, bold asd true nationalmea, pledres to the Cincinnati platform and tbe doctrineof Bon-tnierventtoa by Congress with toe question ofslavery in tbe States and Territories aad the District ofColombia, who, adnad to tbe Suwtoera represent*;; v.a,will give at leatt twenty majority against Br. Iinooinand his party on all these quettloaa. Ia the Senate therela also a decided and reliable majority. Hence ao billcanpassei'htrHotSeofCongressimpairingordisturbing trenchuponourposition. Thattoallweinsistupon.ButtabsOf all toe caUere Mr. Lincoln bad to day not oae waa subjectionan<tresistance LeteachNorthernState, topiecesfromitsponderousweightanddiverse jectofs'avery;batifIahoaldfindmyselfpatnfullymis thatapartyofmenaroseBome-yearsago—someconsci- afteroffice.OiDeeseekerswriteletters,andwouldstandandSat intueevent stAMumtng^nerefore, that the Southern people and toeir Senators aneTrepress*tativea deem toeir rights and insti-SraaurnBLB, TIL, Nov 18, i Via Chicago, Bow 19, IBM. ,~»* —'.RtPiUlttKITO IE8BT GDOGIOi.TwTbojsaBdValuoteerstobeirmed sellbyanarmedforceofNorthernfanatics,to5ytotbe approvedbytbetruestfriendsoftoeSouthBOWresident tuttotsentirelysafeundertoecotttttutlonaadtowsasarehhret of toe country from unhallowed hands, and ifneoewary eacrlfloe life la defence of homes and aretldes.It wsa resolved, furtoer, that a copy of tosss resolutionsbe sent to Governor Wise, the chief of the organisation o ectloas aad prejudices of tbe past may expect to be run Haute Men, wtth a tender st ssrriees.It to that that mat ;ere are asw progressing la Virginia. A few days more will envelope a vary general foaling of this sort.over. Nothing to ao well calculated tofdispel theae mis taken prepossessions aa tbe truths which tbe HJHLUO daily i ells ton Berth In regard to tbe actual state of feel- lag and too overt proceed ings of tbe Sooth, and the truths which, with equal manfulness, the HtSAXD teMa toe South as to the opinion, sentiment aad probable determination of ihe North. By tola enlightening aad plain spokoa course it approves Itself the best friend or all sec- tions, asd too promoter of all the ptnctplat and reelings that can support the stability of too federalAn attempt bat been made to get up a bank panic tn tola Stole, An sxaaaiaattoa of toe Bank Commissioners shows that out efTbe tone of tta Bsnun at tola eritto IMSO^I highlyMr. Lincoln received n enectal atepatah batsveaingwy fnaetloaartos to power, ay tantotastes of Bosthernrtasse of those stersd Isgaeks of toe esssUtatloB asd the homes isd pi muttons, it to acknowiedgtngly toe aay toterferetoe by Congress with their domestic cononly Journal bat keeps up with the pro- grwi of events, North and South. We hare sstand on sntw era, and those who persist in toe prsdl-tnzers, or more ardent well wit hers, than they have herela tne North. (Applause) Sometimei It has beta saidthat la the event of the election of a Northern President, the members ef Congrest from the South would notto to Washington, and that tbersfare toe President could tbto news, while the Douglasitet swear net a IttUe. rtnnt thing, having no Concarse*te BButut to* Seat of itsulmitsimentmajorityhieachSouthernState,whtohthe•SUITWAMBEECH.ORTIBCRISIS, Union.TillstotheappropriatemissionofthelealmglatherightsorinstitutionsoftheSouthernpeopleinanywhenwecometotheotherside,IsaythatwewillnotonlyabonttwomillionsofwhichisJIMPORTANT FROM CHARLESTON. C-uaiamw, Nov. 19,1880.A e governmest trsrsal hi constantly gnarded by de> toshav-ateoftheWashingtonlighttaetatry.Ithi•any bellevtd that the pretext about this being alaw agatast popaJar or servile outbreak la ail fudge. The hot la (hat as hhssssss qaastlty of ammunition hi stored there, and people believe the public good leqstrss that la should not be removed. Aay attempt to remove Itall illegal and uneaattitutional acta, toe President will be utterly powertass for evil, if be should have toeplead with toe South, toe right to reason with reason, theright of conscience to plead with conscience—toe right Mr. Lincoln will leave bars tor Chtoego en Weencetay, born with tbe Creator, emanating from the bosom of God, in tb* morning train, accompanied by Mm Linewe will not surrender. But as to the result of toe election politically: neither present nor remote do we wishut do them a wrong—aot so much as touching h hair oftoeir bead*. That, therefore, being the honest purpose ortneNorth,theretonocloudonthefuture.Thelawofnature will ultimately quietly arrange this trouble,bringing order out of obae*. Give me a know- reepoadence.ledge of toe essential interests to toe prosperityof a people, and no matter how they may be shaken bypolitical storms, toe silent influences whtoh tell them oftheir owa tateraeta wilt soon allay the atorm and bringtbem to reason. It ws* absurd to suppose that the South,The indications about who will go late ton Cabinet, atoutside of it, would leave tbe Union. It wsa the law of rciieoted In tbe editorial ta Friday 'a Hnsaia, are wide ef *od, marking in the eat the lnevitableneaf of things as toe mark. The name of Mr. Winoa to especially obnox-they are, that will work out the result; and therefore I ious—excuse the undignified remark. The Cabinet ao say that the South will not go out of the Unton If theyanouid, toe end of the mcvemeat trill be similar te the nouoeed in toe despatch la the BBBAID of toe loth tost, action of tbe 1trained boy,•who, for toe first time feel- to nearer the mark than anything yet published. «*toan ing tbe correction of parental government, breaks awayJudge Mo bean, of Ohio. Wm. L. ueykM,of N JFitzHenry warren, ot Iowa.Tnlm m predtott at a restit of a policy of "masterly tnae- tivity" by Lincoln. It alao ridlcaloa the idea of coercion advanced by tbe r . a a in reference to Btato Carolina, should the setoe upon the Custom Bouts aad take poe- tess ion of Fort Moultrie and Cattle Ptnoknoy and open the port of Charleston for the importa'lcn of foreign goods free of dsty. If Lincoln should blockade the coast of South Carolina, aad seed aa army aad navy to enforce the payment of duties, that, says tbe Enjuinr, would be coercion, and this Greeley disapproves of. Tbe Aa- easrar ssajetto the acknowledgement by the general go- venment of South Carolina's tadependence, and toe nego- tiation of a treaty o commerce with bcr, at the bestdependent journal—to diffuse far and wide the fullest and manner whatever, unless a portion of the Southern Senaearliest Intelligence of facts, so that toe proper corrective tors ana Representatives absent tbemael res, so a* to give an abo*ltion n ajo-ity in cense quence of their absence.for iho existing excitement and the threatened dtsorders hi a minority in both Houses of Congress, withmay be promptly applied. If Br. Lincoln would only Its the Supreme Court to expound the laws and restrainentrench open theirs—that we will carry ao fear and noi.stur banco into their midst. But we have a right to SnoGiazD, IB , Now. 19,1899.ten K> the BSBULD'S advice, and authoritatively declare a conservative programme of his noliey, It would opertte most favorably.oitpo<iiion to do wronghts patronage he wouldtor tbe confirmation of his nominees to office, so that he cannot appoint a bad man to office without toe consent ofSenator Trumbull. He will decline ail ovations, aa i Ino speeches, aatbe object of hto visit to toattendto private metiers before entering upon hto public duties, which already cacwd ppon him In to* form of an immense corThe rapid decline of stocks inand especially of Virginia and Missouri sixes, has ca-jaed those in whom the Booth oonlMes. A partisan President,considerable alarm here.thus tied band and foot, powerless for good or evil with- out tbe consent aad support or his political opponents, should be toe object of pity and commiseration ratherMr. Hamlin, toe Vice President elect, will meet Br. Lincoln st Chicago on Wednesday. Tbey win tsea see each other for tbe first tune.I almost certainly precipitate revolution ssd btood-Oto Light Infantry patoahl are not admitted within means to avtrt toe rain upon the ocmmerc'al ntercets o* ter irritation among Northers men in tfcis metropolis, to bumble the pride aad wound the sensibilities of a largeb J settled now, sad that further wrangling will producen ihit g but evil. To agree in tbe Union seems Impossi-son? Does this fact turnish sufficient cause for destroy- ing tbe test government of wbicb the history of the world gives aa example ? Four years will soon pass away, when too ballot box will furnish a peaceful, legal aadNew York on Saturday,WasHiMJTOx, Nov. 19,18*30.Tbe faeioa between the Bell and Breckinridge parties in view of the universal disaster which would follow. If that t»e South Carolina secedere do not c,>..„. ble opinion, presents ao just cauar, no reasonobie excuse prefer saving our fortunes to maintaining our -><f Br. Lincoln entertained himself and a few visiters byAlabama a ataadily programing. Both aidea advomte ex any European Power mads war upaa tbe NJrth and ef- In their harangues upon the co operation of slave raising for disunion.principles, they forget what our fithers dil In tbe Bevoluti >n We wll yield everything that men may ) leiJ. but we cannot give up our conscience, or our reason, or well founded coimotiose, or that hope of our country's prosperity which lies In essential liberty, fhese we cannot give up for ourselves, nor neither shall we give them up for Norti or West, neither for thereadleg aloud articles from the Iniepmimt- He takes toe Southern nea-s calmly, and says:—"My itme not hav- ing arrived, 1 am content to receive all possible light on tbe subject, and glad to be out ot tbe ring."Senator Trumbull speaks at the republican jujilee to- morrow. He is expected to indicate Ltnoola's po'ioy, without claimtog to speak authoritatively.Folic* lni«liia:tnc«.EXTENSIVE BTJBGLABY IN NASSAU? STBBET-^AKBBSTS ON SUSPICION.treme view-.John T. Morgan, Into Breckinridge Blester for the Btatofected a conquest, it would prove fruitiest. No po.vc oa earth could hold the psople in subjection A war on toe North would but injure Ito commerce, but all the nations of Europe would share tbe damage tons lnllictcd.States in their movements. th*»y do not want them. They only mention Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Misslnip pi, Louiitoaa and Arkansas as likely to join them. Th:y want tbe others between tbem and the free States to pre-Having 6iscussed all the questions at issue freely andelaborately in my addresses to toe people during tne re-cent canvass, I do sot perceive that any patriotic objectsCUBbe advanced by any further public discussions on mypart prior to resuming my seat In tbe Senate That tbepassions and animosities engendered by recent contestsmay soon give p a s t to reason and patriotism; tbatcalm Pacliic States nor tor the Southern States, though theyat large, and William Phillips, a prominent Ball man inWent Alabama, were nominated this day to representDallas county hi toe Convention- The meeting was the A war noon the South by any European Power would vent the escape of tht Ir negr oea.torgc st ever held in the county, sad strong 1st Ami were paasad unanimously. Mr. Pbillipt toforebeenastrongUnionman,bathinowabring rain upon the world. The export of necessaries of life, now valued at twenty million dollars, and of com- forts tad necessary support to all trade, amounting to tear twenty million dollars more, would bo all stoppedJudge Wayne, of the Supreme Court, has, it Is udder- and wise counsels Stay prevail, and fraternal feeling be tbe uld secede W»c to the State which save* its rUaesstood, written a letter to a friend in Washington, saying amongotherthings,thatfour-fifthsofthecitixensofSa- vannah are opposed to secession.ner defines tbe object of the North in its policy towards IttothoughtthatMr.Fortyth,theeditoroftheRemittor,tooSouthtobetopattoopowerofholdingtheSouthinalarmedlestheshouldsendoutanaadreea,Inwhicnthepublictnnouncemsst,deliveredhtofirstlectureortbetoeEast,tbeNorthandtoeSouth.WeloveeverythingJewelryestablishmentofJamesJaquet,ofNo.9JNaiA large majority of tbe preaa of the Btato favor lmme-diate eeoaanon. Old party feeling a entirely destroyed, toe day tbe Southern people would be driven to take upREV. HENRY WARD REECHER ON THE STATE vigor and speed Wo hare such faith to thisAn interesting case of burglary came up for examina- tion before Jnstioe Kelly, at the Lower Polloe Court, yes terday. On the night of toe 10lb last., it appear*, theand tbe Union element will have no power excepl la a •mail portion of North Alabama.arms and nee a oataatom of trade for defense. TheAEasmt-THE POSITION OP THE PRESIDENT ELECT, [from the Chicago Tribune, Nov. 17 iOP THE UNION.Rev. Henry Ward Botcher tost evening, according toprinciple of right that we are not to be intimidated. Take heart then, my friends; all will be well. We love tbe country—tbe whole country. Wo love the West andWe are enabled to assure Mr. Llaoola's rrienus who areer th»city, will certainly join the dtouniontois. Hit re- perpetaal political bondage in toe bands of a Northern standard of the party will be lowered, for the purpose of season at the Cooper Institute. There was a very large but tbe ulcers, and these we will medicate—everything sau street, ws* entered by burglars aad robbed ofcoaxiag toe teoeatlootsta Into an abatement of their eeat editorials toad to that belief, Htaaya that ton South- majority. They mean to hold the question of peace or war threat* against toe integrity of toe Union, that he willern States should not be sat awed with any guarantees n their own handt, and to regulate and control tbe trade do no suchfoolishthing; and we can ateo assure thoseattendance, no doubt drawn together to hear tots ableand popular lecturer upon this occasion by the special at-but toe poisonous leprosy. We love toe essential inte- about $3,1 COworth of property. Tbe thieves gained ac-offered by the Northern States, un less they repeal their built on Southern productions. If they succeed they will timid gentlemen who arc entreating him to declare him- traction—that the subject of bit discourse would be an state of tbe Union. There is a man now at tb i helm of jewelry, decamped with tbe same. The following day self anew, that they are misusing toeir time. tbe ship of Slate who will guide ber safely through theState tows again at the Fugitive Slave law. If they fail to' have ton power to doss toe Southern porta, make Br. Llooola is not tbe President elect. That he to the entirely new one. The lecture Itself would scarcely have perils whtoh encompass her—a man who know- not what Br. Jaquet appeared before Justice Kelly, sad, relating dotbtotheamthsrnStalesshoulddissolvetheUnion. everySouthernprodactpaytribute,andeverySouthern choiceofthepeopletoclear;butuntiltoeelectorsmeet verifiedthisannouncement,foritwsaentirelydevotedto itistobescared.Hewilluseberofftoeleeshoretowards theparticularsoftheburglary,prayedthatacoupleSjfBrack inrldge't majority over both Bell aad Douglas la mport peas through i he North and pay tribute to them. In their respective States, and choose him according to a humorous view of toe element* which at present constr which she has been to long running to destruction He detectives might be set to work te hunt np to* th levee. the constitution and the forms of tbe law, he to no more will out ber about, and when answering to her helm the Detectives Farley, Young and Nivena were accordingly about 10 009 Douglas received 18,000 votes, aad Ball Whan Ibis oacurs, the Jaaaabhr thinks, the ruin of too than aay other private citiaaa. In the meantime, all toted tbe character of young Americana, contrasted with rails begin to fill, the blocks and ropes to strain, ber bow detailed to attend to the matter. On making a miaete25,000. South shall be consummated, and it will be in vain for men desirous of knowing his opinions upon matters of these higher and store ennobling characteristics which to cleave tbo water, with sails all set from deck to top, inspection of to* premises, tbs officers cant*NORTH CAROLINA.RAXBKB, NOT. 19, 1990.etreag Bnathsm feeling to aaasiant,TaeCtovernorw aaatage, whtoh will he seat in to-morpeople of Virginia that if they do not join toe Southern Lincoln will change them, at least until the!.- untenable- of any country in toe world. The lecturer closed hit states in an effort to provide some security against this nest to proved. * * • Before he acts o r ciak.es any public discourse proper with aa exposition of what he conceivedTbo lecturer here retired, and the assemblage broke upNear*flora til* Britith \Vsat Indiu. Georgetown (Tiemarara) papers up to Oct. 10, per barkPrinceton, fornlth the following items:—Hon. Robert J. Walcott, member of the Council, baddiedatBarbadoes,aged78years.Bridgetowa was Infested with thieves, who bed strip-ped nearly every boose of It* copper gutter* and rooflrg. Burders were on toe Increase at Trinidad, mostly per- petrated by ooolies, while tbe crime ot rape was ieirfullyV'.rftate. Tbeeeneralaaytthat,fromalltheearrasjataasssoaad prosperity of ber people. Reaomtlooa w»e adopted| becomes the imperative duty of every patriot in tbe landwhich he It In awaipt, It to considered that a decided purpose to resit federal aggretttoaaentot everywhere in taaCssanonwesito. He to evsa a reoelnt of tetteri from attivet of Vwginla, retMent In other States, requetting caamletioas aadnr tan militia law, and even tendering their servteet as pi natal should they fall to restive oom- •haions. Te eta tbe Oensral'a words, "the Brat top of the i n m will brtag thesa to the aid of Virgtsto,"of the Legislature la calling a convention, aad pledging support of such further actios aa toe people oi' South Ca- rolina may set fit to adopt, tendering to Governor Git their personal services on any attempt being made at co- ercion, and ordering copies of these resolutions to be sent to the Governor.The New Orleans Ocxtrier, referring to tbe disaster which are Inevitable in tte present and prospective con- ditio a of affairs, states that the North will be by far theing, and as every person feels himself to express bis in- dividual views upon the state of the country. I wish to express mine here before yon to-night (Applause) First, then. I ask, what halt w* tee? We see tne result that has attended tne ascendancy—I do not mean of a party—I mean the ascendancy of certain ideas—toe preponderancelike tte chaplaina of political parties; and, in speaking of their bitter fruits, pointed to a conspicuous church tn your city, instancing "the gentle lambs who were held from wolfish collision by the benign dispensation of ib* Metropolitan polloe," aa specimen grapes of toe entireA DKHOWSSTCIBSK.—David Leopold, a preoociojs lad aboutfourteenyears of age, employed as a stork to tb* store or Alder Brothers, No. 388 Broadway, was arretted yesterday, by policemen Lewaon aad Bason, of thefTvatheaaaad ameoth bored gwMnawsa muskets, pur-rtved hare, aad eight thiaamt stand ef arms of diflareat9* to within ton past week. Virginia has entered Into a Southern porta to Eat land.T i l e ( S t a r v i n g P e o p l e of Kamsto*. TO THB KDITOB OF TBB HKKAi.D.OFFI<* ABBBICAS Fbrrsaai COMTA^,) 91 HUDBOStfraasnr,COMB* & {*£. rNew YOXK, Nov. 19,1*60. ) InordertoaidtbegeneralaaovementBOWonfoottore Have tbe distress amongst toe poputotloa of portions of n« act has yet been dooe wbicb impairs toe rigats or en.. waa rebuked by our Lord and commanded to Kansas, tne American and United States express compasubjugation, the power ef taxing their property, controll- ing the price of their products, and dedartag whether there ahall be peace or war, aaases on the 4th of Marchdeclarations, be will know the ground upon whtoh he stands, the full extent or the disaiieotlon. and the temper of those upon whom he must depend for carrying out tbe policy that he wtu inaugurate. That he win try all methods of conciliation consistent with his sense of rightwas toe true feeling of liberty, as it shouldfinda home Jn every American heart, and then proceeded to treat his audience to aa explanation of htoview*onthestateofr t - * W n •BTSBWBW twawMsaTajj CHtreB^MawsTtj Mi £ n j l l e a a M B w » • STa^HaTeMawamvsva«pa»ts a next Into the hands of a people was bats their property, and hit obligations to tbe country we have no doubt. Iftbe Uaioa.faimstlf as a lover of the Union. Night after night he saw nan marching te music, bearing aloft oa banners suchmottoesastbs"UnionfortbesakeortheUnion;"but. said the lecturer, I have been taught by tbe fathers of tbe Revolution to love the Union for toe sake of justice, fer tbe take of liberty. When the fathers of the Revolution first framed toe constitution, they oaled upon all theeoatorenoe with the aelghbortag States, and then a State CuuTeatJon on federal affairs Be recommends the en • nifhasatofallmenbetwarneighteen andfortytvs yeart, and also recmnmecda ton rslste/of a corps of • »vstaatosrt, with arms and equipments. He •rettoting aay eoort at eoercton is say eveatTea may lose: for early action of a positive character.THE ATTITUDE OF VIRGINIA.. RKTMCWD, Mas. 19, I860.a Virginia, a force of oce hnnastrt thousand of the etttt iican party, which has recently been elevated to power meroualy signed by tbe most eminent business men ofof toeyeaaf aaea ef the State, with a l a s u i force of aad supremacy, tbe Southern States can no longer re- tots great commercial city implies a oompiimoct which I <iul> appreciate, and am exceedingly reluctant to de-and whose Interest It to to cheapen every sale toey make, aad ratoe toe price of every article they purehaea.Thesepapershaveprcba>lymoreinfluenceintoeState than all tbe other democratic papers within tta limits, and their opinions may, therefore, be regarded as im- portant.The South Carolina residents In New Orleans assem-bled at the St. Charles Hotel la that city oa the 18th Inst,far the parpote of enlorstng toe action of the South Caro-A number of citizen of New Orleans, irrespective of State* to ratify the covenant whtoh they bad made prevalent. Some few arrests bad been madelina Legislature. Mr. H W. Connor delivered a very foliomIrg reply:—animated speech, la which he stated that * Itb the pro- Your request to ttddress the citizens of New OrnateStates came aad ranged themselves on the side of truth, of virtue, and of liberty, and It is tout toe Union has hitherto i reserved these that I love it. Bo long aa toe Union subserve* tbs behests of liberty so long shall it be dear to me, and when It oesaes to do this I shall not evenA French brig had arrived at Georgetown with 119 im- le.igea hto guilt, and says he tried to sail toe watches atmigiants from Madeira1 am mfonaed by Generai RJchardaon, Adjutant Generalef tola Btato, that there to now, fully armed aad equipped, claimed principles aad avowed objects of toe btoch repub- has just been placed in my handd an invitation so au - then desert It, bnt St a parent watches the seemingly dythese are of no avail, his supporters know that they have In him a loader who will net fail, at the proper time aad in the proper mancer, to use all the means at his com- mandtoensurerespectfortbeobligationsIntownlshtoe States have entered.SENATOR DOUGLAS ON THE ELECTION OP LINCOLN.party, addressed a letter to Senator Douglas requetting with God and time for human rigbta. One by one toehim to give his views on the present condition or the af- fairs of toe country, to whish Mr. Doag as returned toeAt Antigua there was some little excitement relative to tbe sudden departure of a merchait leaving large lia- bilities'•on tbe present condition of the attain of our country,"e s s handred thecaand mors. Flva hundred graduates of main In toe Union with boner and safety. He said the cline.toe State Military academy are scattered throughout the time had coma when tbe South bad to give up the These are not the times for patriotic men to afreet In-Commonwealth, filling the positions of brigade lntpec- L'nlonJ or the coastltutioa. the rights and equality of tbe difference or to degenerate into despondency, or to rush life or principle, bit It die. But yet tcere are men upon Thursday, 15th Inst Tour reporter (unintention- sayt he only sold Levi about oae hundred ant thirty.mauly into violent and extreme measures. Just in pro fere, betides several gradnatet of West Point, natives of States, the institution of slavery, and toe future hopes punka as our common country Is environed with peril itwho cry out falsely for the Union, and who write this motto upon banners, and who put lights behind it to illu- minate toe sticking aenttment, "I'nlon for the sake or thesubject, for tbe ret-on that tbe Southern Senator* aad rewtceatettssa have not Introduced s a d advocated aay changes in toe cxtattegtogtotattooansa tbe eavery queattoa under to* presentadmtototrattoa aad that of Mr Pierce, when tbe abolitionista and free soitora were In tbe minority in both house* of QongNM.sttteBo fMeparry will have the power, evea If tbsy have tbs dapo-itttrn, to disturb or impair the rights sad laatltettons ofthe Smth, either in the States or toe Territories, or In theI nitr et of Oolumbia? Tbey certainly cannot do it underihe extotiag lawn. Will they have toe power torepeal or change these laws, or to enact others,It is well kaowa that tbey will be in a minority iho President could do without tbem But this was idle In both Houses *f Congress, to* Supreme Courtthousaad, aa far ai heard from, aad would snrry tbs Btato if no frauds were perpetrated la th*totsrtorooun tie*. There to great• rejoicing anoeg toe Lincoln totalble, li Congress has power to acquire new territory, foringdisaster.InreferencetotbtotheEnquirersays:— constitutionalremedyforalltbeevilsandgrievanceslromallcontrol,and,withhtocheckhand-follows:—We would suggest that the preventative recommended which t> era to ao warrant In the constitution, aad admit with whtoh the ooanjtry may be afflicted. kerchief containing a few things, start* upon Secretary of State.is altogether inadequate for efficient prevention. Mr. a w States carved out of it by bill, they ask way can If, to toe meantime, aay act tbaii be perpetrated which his journey. Oh, be goo* blithe enough during Secretary of Treasury Lincoln ia little more than a cipher la the present ac- i t Congrest, by the same power *a> in a shall violate or impair tbe rights of any citizen or State, tbeuay, until be ftada himself far away from P.atraaater GeaeraL count. Be to a mere exponent, whose aigaincanoe ia due or shall endanger the peace and safety of any portion of bis home, aad aa tbe sun begins to decline be laments Secretary of WarCaseins M. Hlay, Of Ky. jpeke,aadthegreatestenttsstosaprevailed. sattohispersonalorooieialconduct,buttotoealienlsimll*rmanner,authorisethewithdrawalfromcurpeople,forwhtohtheconstitutionandtawsshallfailbisrashness,tarnafbaokatonce,andtogladtofiadhimSecretaryoftheNavyEmersonBtoevdge,ofTenn.* Ostambta a much talted of at the name for toe aew rootoern cooieueraiiou.The Military Committee of the LegiaaUare, wait* tat dertag the priaaat recess, have adjearaad. They sea* elated to report to the Legnlatare Mas bllto.saidto bem Moeday morning, prav loos to toe opening of the regu- tor sesame.A bMMiUfuI Palmetto gjld beaded oaae a edtoCaptainBerry,of thearrival to-night, as a testimoniallasssSto) taatoad of the federal Maj, la the Hew Tors ass- her. The eteaaear wlQ be received with s salute.There a ao doubt that a aaoat aotlve eerreapoadence hi eenataatly kept op from tht* point with Oaba asd Eu- rope,reatiretotonmediaterecognitionoftheSouthern ontfederaey by the foreign Powers, at toon** the eon* fateraey ewaaaaa recognition.There is talk of the Legalatnre declaring the State 'eat ef the Cn'on, aad leaving the Convention to ratify the act; bat atony old regies, though hot for action, are •ttohkns forformalities,and will probably overrnle thisThe Spantoh ahlpptng here to-day heated all their flags to. b.>DOT of tbe birthday of the Spaaah Onsen.The lawyera of Lewnda oonsty, aJabanas, have re- solved to retam all Northern eathas uncoUeote-l, and tbe •sample will pobabrysooa be followed throughout tbecotton State*.THE SENTIMENT OF ALABAMA. MowraeasKT, Mar. 10, 1389.eat unit figure whtoh precedes. The sUrutujant fast the Uaioa of tech States, with their iaterest in the to provide adequate and efficient remedies, the time w1 eif once more at home where he can .-leep with comfort recretary of tne Interi >r... Galosh* A. Grow, of Pa. which menaces the South to not that Abe Lincoln li then bare arrived Par those wno think the constitution in bis old bed. (Laughter and applause.) If toe States Attorney General H Winter Davis, of MLdared by this a declaration of war The war to made, trrm* oi withdrawal, under the constitution ? lect condition ot tbe country, that uncer tbe administra- and ai her, according to Scripture, a Northern doughCaee. and Mr. Lincoln it impotent to oommand a peace what tion ot Mr Lincoln Say act can bo perpetrated that would (Laughter.) The origin of this phrase, doughface, to then? Full aaauranos of pease must be given from some com- The Un!-.- has become great and powerful—per- destroy or impair tte ccnstitnttinal rights of toe citizens, traced to toe Scripture?, and is defined a* a cake not patent quarter, or tbe Southern Stales m ait chooso between hapt too »; eat. It to ia danger of crumbling or invade toe reserved rights of toe States upon the sub- turned, a half baked dough cake Now yoa are awareMr. Liaoom continues to receive applications for onus in the South.tbroogh ber Legislature or In Conrention .assemble prompt 'y, repeal alt nullifying laws passed for the injury of the itostltutionsl ruhts of ine South; noas laws to secure toeDuring Itsexistencecotton and sugu-taken on this pout. I bave ao hesitation In expressing my deliberate conviction that such aa outrage would actentious men, who stated their*convicti< ns in the lan-guage of respectful argument, and who never at any time a better chance If tooy did not write aay. Tbe stampede invoked violence to their aid Theae mea were punished for the important effioes in tbe country ha* not com-Even in to* distribution or be dependent upon the SenateTbe secession-exc: tement in the South is producing a coun- than of fear and apprehension by a brave and chivalrouspeople Wfcat gooo or k arm can ha do to anybody, except wtth all ber interests ia the Union and evils and dtoaeterspublic property, as may by a vote of the people of said has been disregarded and toe federal power perverted .to start out, tbsy would soon gat tired of tramping aboutelected President, bat tent the Northern people, b. State apply for leave? Does not the power to acquire purposes inconsistent with their aaety, honor and equal! and be glad to be back. So I sty there to no fear ia re- A large number of people bave called upon toe Presi-a sect tonal veto, bare elected a President for t>. to consult and deliberate upon the nature extent aad spect to their going. But after all there was a good deal dent elect to-day from Kentucky, Virginia, South Caroli- toe avowed purpose of agression on Sootbaru aad prescribe terms of admission ,lnecesfariiy Involve tbe mode of rodress. or allowance to be made for tbem. As for myself, Irighto. The purpose of aggression bat been da converse of .he proposition—the power to prescribe I do not anticipate, aor do I deem it possible is the pre- never hated a Southern man half ao much a* I despite na, htossachuaetts, New York and Pennsylvania.Interests.easy and prompt execution of the Fugitive Slave law; bt.e become leading productions of mala ac only make toe Sosttern people a unit, but would arouse for their faith. They brought upon theaaelves almost menced The applicants so far ar* mostly for Postpass other laws Imposing adequate penalties on all male- factors who that! hereafter assist or encourage toe escape of fugitive slaves; pass other laws deslarlog and protect-og tte right of atoveholdera to travel and eojourn la Northern States, accompaaied by their slaves; instruct heirSenatorsaadrepresentativesiaCongresstorepeal •he la* prohibiting the sale of slaves in tbe District of Columbia, and to pass laws sufficient for the mil protec- tion of slave property ia all toe Territories of toe Union, aad let those Senators aad Representatives promptly obeysuch instructions.This, says the Enquirer, will do ao atore than merelyfulfil the constitutional obMgetteea of the Northern States. Thn, aad nothing abort of thai, will tuftica to pre rent » ' revolution.The Examinr looks upon the bonds of Union now as re- duced to two ltgaturef—a formal political Union, and the ttoa of trade. It then shows that the necessity whichOrst led tomtom—namely, mutual support for common nvtSttStoa and defence—does not now exist, either section being capable of forming a distinct separate t«lf sus- taining Power among nations. It then abowithe improba- bility of any nation making war upon either section inquired without warrant of the constitution, and their cutture has caused an advance in tbs price of negroes of about four hundred per cent. Hence they have become a dieturb n • element. When they were only able to earn theirownsubstatence,theirconditionsaslavesorfree- men wss comparatively or no consequence to their osruers If the co ton and sugar Sutea caa withdraw, establish a separate confederacy, tad reopen the slave trade, they can reducenegroestotheirformermarketvalue;andbrmeans of this, and cheap labor, and tbe culture of tbe enlarged a • « made accessible by railways, increase the present supply four or five hundred per cent at greatly reducedand consolidate all tbe oosaervatlve elements of toe total social exclusion, and everything was said of them NorthInfirmanddeterminedreatotanoebyoverwhelmcalculatedtoratoetoepublicmindagainstthem.ThisOffices.prices. blameWhat do cotton spinners think of this? Do theycountry and the best government tbe tun of heaven ever •bed bis genial rays upon. To those, if any such there may be, who look apon disunion and a Southern confede- racy at a thing desirable In iteeif-and are only watting for aa opportunity to accomplish Tbat wbicb bad been previously resolve* upon, the election of Mr Lincoln mar furnish a pretext for precipitating the Southern ats let into revolution But to those who regard tao Unlnu nnder toe constitution aa our lathers made It, toe mat pree;toaa legacy ever bequeathed to a free people by a pa-that young mm were threatened with loss of employ- ment if tbey did not vote in a certain way. Tne ballot box has declared toe will of toe people according to all iho forms of tbe constitution, and yet these monetary menaredeterminedtopunishtne freemenof the Nortn with Snuictoi oiiEculiie* and panic*. Tots attempt to make tbe {arty odious at the moment of Its going into tbe gov»rnment, by threats of wreck and ruin, is part and iarcel ef that tnfluenoe which has beea so long grow- ing up tn toe country I deaounce it (Applause.)the total vote beard from toatoety thousand, aad that Lincoln leads Douglas 2,600, while Breckinridge to far be- hindDouglas.tbe. ottonraisers?Is notthe prize a temptingon?But in order to carry out this programme, the non-restored; that the court! tutiou may be preserved lav to late, and the Unton maintained forever, is the ardent hopeandferventpre erofyourfriendandfollowcitizen,NOVBSBEB 1 8 , 1 M 9 8. A. DOUGLASat tbe expense of its manhood. A State may lose its wealth, but as long as manhood remains to ber people—so lot2astbeyknowtnaitheyhaveBufferedforaprinciple, that very conviction will stir them up to greater efforts, and they will retrieve their fortune with doublecurrent interest will iind them clearly and unequivocally and with a rich f.-sight and prosperous gales, we may hopeber to talk of isttottog aa overt act It asks, "Will tbe set forth to his many speeches. At those opinions were should form the mind aad habits of a race whose early for a continuance of the blessings we bave ao long en- to toe conclusion, from certain Indications, thatRBCOMMENDATIOlfB OP THE GOVERNOR OP people of toe South bear tola?" and then admonishes the deliberatelyformed,there to no occasion to fear that Br. life was paired amid the freest aad best Institutions joyed. ( »aplaute.)toe burglars had beea tot into the atore by tome friendly hand fro a within. Susptclm fell apon tbe of- floe boy, Kugene Moulle aad aura enough, npoa arrest Ing htm, be contested that he was implicated tn tbe bur- glary. Moalle stated that he admitted two mea. named Frank Fay and Kugene Bastga, to the store, aad that toon all three of them broke Into the safe and abstracted all the valuables they could toy their band* on. Be atoo stated that after robbing toe store tbey retired to No 199nest Broadway, where they disposed of toe property te Jacob Levi and John Smith, for toe sum of 91,199; that Uvipaid97C0oftneamountdown,andpromtoedtopay tbe remainder tn the course of a few aaya. Upon receiv- ing this valuable information the emoers arretted ail of toe accused partk-a.and brocght them before Justice Bal- ly. Levi and Smith were searched, wito the tops ef finding a portion of the stolen foods, but there was nothing discovered worthy of mention Moalle aaya be paxtripateo in the burglary at toe aoltottatton of Fay and another man, Bet yet arrested Fay atoo actaow-He said one was almost ashamed to expressday Laws" I have never discussed one way or toe other.f tympethlxing with south Carolina, approving toe course to increase hie efforts and exert his utmost powers and Union. ' We have SOBMto a transition state In toe hit It waa neither directly mentioned nor Indirectly alluded. tbey are saaguine of being abte to tend Levi up ta Siagsuit of lbs election, toe greater part of the cot ot crop damet, purchase* la toe North, bass bean forwarded tbto year will be held back and chipped directly i;oot toenot of itself rurnab any just oaute or reasonable groom for d istol ving the loderal Union. rit n uot pretended, ao tar as I am Informed, that anythrough tbe ballot box was ordained by a decree, bj the foreknowledge of God. aad was as inevitable at it is now immutable. Tbe shadow will not go back upon toe dial.ean«ra»fw these thouoeadehoUs to sattheavy artillery, The New Orleans Bte predicts fearful ©nnmersiai andtoaiSM one hundred now la hand to suit a Battery of •octal ertto to tbe North if toe present excitement should or citizen. Nothing has yet occurred to release any not eipect any great transition without some mischiefthirteen irea rtoe gaasof ton Parrott pattern. la ad continue.pairs or <"tuoys the eoturtivuttoaal rights of any State that may be expected from the tote election You can- cii'ztn from his oath of fidelity to tbe constitution er" acme primary agitations attending It. Ton cannotttoaa to those, t t e hundred harvelt ef Dupcas powder have beea putabased, sad eat new to store at Lexington sat tkw city. Two taoesaad asw sabres have beea, have beea Improved la a maaaer to suit aay emer- Cne toeaaad revolving ntotato ef the Dma A wslsooabeto be in theTHE LEGISLATaSE OF LOUISIANA. Nxw tsunami, Nov. 19. I860.Governor Moore will convene tbe Louisiana Legislature on the 10th of rjeeenabsrheld ao long, to part withit quietly When toe demon/cure. ' Kit VTE*/ Of TITB KXCTTKMKyr SOCTII.notice»v, HINRY WILLS,President American Express Company.*ral error e oa stoliaisto, under the caption of "A Oust plimsntary Wooes " where I s m charged with baring atrvi a rerm D b e Hats prtaoo fasttag sato taargt to be ea 1 juaies, I bog to infirm the subbc, toroogh yorPoliticalof the, enlisting ofare quiet to day, with tbe exception too ereettag ef libertyWith respect to the exoitemeot, let ue look at it politi-cally. I do not wonser that there is a great deal of fee:leg in the Souther* States when I consider their habit*and their Interests, and when I consider tbe things thatare said about tbem aad to tbem ! look for tbe excite Manure o> rax Coiacu-nn's Conxmss oa STRXBTS — piled, as ean es proved by several to tea vtotoMr. In eas_AFFAIRS IN GEORGIA.AiGtnta, Nov. 19,1360.owe: ittoratherot the contrary,indeed,aproof of the noncetoroughtoecolumn*oftheBmuin. Yours,Be,TO TBS IHrTOB OF THS HXBALD.Havinr cbse -ved In tbto atom tut t (Monday'a) B u u i x seve-county made a revetati-m to Itt o reportedthat storliag exchange was offered at 3a- ibwdaty hewti. aeon nad himself a prtoor-er before theafawdaya age, to the ef- vannah to-day at par without purchasers. »d lower end of theptub court of impeachment. Kortusately that tribunal ment, and do still look for It. nut 1 atoo know these ebul- Tbe Committee on Streets or toe Beard of Council a u n ° t *tcn. 1 would state that 1 aaa a hare wortmg man. wbi has upat the Ceurt House at a eerutn jtU, aatos the firearms there dtpo- as tadtosriaUnatoataagnterof aodabUdrsn. He stated that awans of ee-THE REPORTS FROM WASHINGTON. Waasrsans, Nov 19,18*0Wearelathemidstofgreasevent!. Tbsmovements in tbe South are tbs abaorbiag topis. Men aid womenyeaterdy afternoon at three •'•took, to consider the pro position now before them for widening Catharine t.reo;by a vraeel lying in the creek. A here think of notbtogelse. Event upon event succeeds to too District ot Columbia. These tows were enaHed aatniy if aot entirely, by the Joint action of Hi" eua-that bave resolved to do, what speeches tbey bare made,and what an excitement they are all In?" Of -I bate; bat I sty te myself, BOW, If tbey damb farther action, however, than to adtouTU till Friday aTtw fail. He was under appointment ot tb* Supsriatea'~ail right to freedom now that Lav wattokenup, hst tntostussllyat rapidly, sad the Intel gence to to quhkly eammunlot- who is tocuttomod aH«r-*ttv* r emoers of the North and South, in op pes:, lion to tov abolitionist* acd free-oilers, and save beestad attest ihere might be u . ofbut u tbey are bmltaf up and letting off tbe steam, tbeyJeot be* beea before too Common OooactL Theytookno Gnat Tborbara, died to-dav of injuries received by 01 Mount Vernon when tbe ladies took charge Beprovision of the const!»ul.on has been vvdated in the No arm, aad no weapon,and no measure raised or formed recent *lection. No act has beea doae which tn- against that decree will ever prosper. As to tbe result*ottoeL'liiwsaStates, whichiatoesupremelaworevery Ant* aad of every eltiaen. But while ft i« conceded thatexpectadominantparty,whobaamisusedthepowertheyd»n*f rs the pease and safety of any portico of our country, it to apprehended that theeleottoo of Br. Lioco'a carriea with It toe assurance that tbe policy aniprlnd- ukw of toe party by which he wsa elected will prevail, andbocarried tot piaottoaleiieet to every department ot toe federal government, aad thereby will endanger tbs pt ace and satety of tbe smvehoidmgBtatta' Is tottsp. Uheosiou well fouadec? Do tbe results of toe recent election inettfy tola apprehtneton? The Preaateni ees do nothing wn*pt what tht law antaori^es. Hit dutyto to see toaivM lalthiully executed. If a**"* to performleave toe boy ne could not go out of him quietly, but he ales will forward, free of charge, contributions tn money ahoald throw him down on toe ground and give him one or clothing, intended for the use or the BuOarert, and ad-» to coaatitued as to command the oouudeaeg of the people ef the entire South, a well aa toe conservative n»-i- ef tbe North. We ba«e tbto security that the ex -sting laws will be faithfully executed. I have yet to >i- ioat tbe people of toe 8outh complain of toe acts ot<-•?treatnowoatoestatutebookupontoeaubjactof •)av*T>i, as appi'cebie to toe SUtea or th? Territories, orlition* or reeling arc somewhat of tbe nature or theboiling pot Whtoh extiogulihea tbe fire by boiling over.In like manner tbe awathara people will put out the fireof their angry reeling! by a process of boiling over twoaty feet on tbe west side. A number of persons Icto- (Applause and laughter ) Ben oTten aay to me, 'rJo rti^d in toe pr* ject were In attendance, and advanced yon>aswa>batthetenthareabout? Didyouhearwhattn tbe present time seaawstad mysesf s e e i s e a e a a t l e and •ubwostTe ettlzea, never aai tog asm the tatMe o' anv psMIcThBODOBB BCDSOM.O b i t u a r y . Mawaax,N.J,Now.19,1S99.talk. We have ao plans to carry out, no new admtatotra-tlve elements to introduce; all we ask la to have tbe government carried out according to the principles, upon aas hundred banks In Illiaoto,repreaaaUBgeleven mil which it wasfirstframed—give u* exactly that wbton wsbad to the oristnal confederal ion We do not want to (tea dollars circulation, only twenty-two are deficit to to*check the South, or to draw a line aad say to them, •mount of two hundred ant ninety six tbosstad threebeyond that you cannot go. Bat we insist that the hundred aad eighty Ave dollars, upon wttoh a call has South shall aot throw their blank act overat; tbey shall aot fores, directly or indirectly, beea madeto-day,and it to believed all will respond their local infiueaoe* npoa us sgatoat our education Tbs eleven millions represented to eeoired by upwards aad cur faith and our inttltutlons. They shall not en- of thirteen millions of State asd I;<nt*d States rtocki,log majorities. In such an event toe South would ocoapytn impregnable por.tton With ber own people unitedandanimatedbyonesentiment—toe unfaltering resolvetomaintainanddefendtheirrigbtaaadlibertiesaswon etrotgerandstronger,untilthetimewhentheyhavebe residence. Hewillpresenthimself,butmakenospeech. by tbe blood of their fathers and guaranteed by toe con- come a domnant party in tbe State. The election Senator Trumbull, Don Piatt, of Cincinnati; Mr. Gates, stitution of their country—they could safely rely uponS?KCtGnsin, UL,Nov. 19,1860. Mr. Lincoln received toe Califorata election news by special despatch yesterday afternoon. Himself tad friends will never consent to the re opening or the s»ave trade, , triotic ancestry, aai are determined to maintain it aa Sot tbey are mistaken in tbetr man. We are of toe are elated, but think DougIa* will carry tb* State by acotton and sugar States, or alaro ratatag and eetltog States, must be kept out of the new oonfedertcy, for tfteyIt would destroy their slave markew. and depreciate lor g aa tbetr right* and liberties, equality and boner are oid Revolutionary stock We will bear and forbear small plurality.their stove property. It s for this roasts protect*d by it, tot)election ot Mr. Lincoln, In my hum- ,lor the sake of toe country; but if tbey think that our There were no place seekers here today. prtocipiea set so loos-uy upon us that we willopposttlen was strengthened by toe whole power of tbe The republican jubilee to-morrow night promisee to beleoverement; and yet, at last, while battling wi;h toe * brilliant affair. Mr. Lincoln will be oniled upon at his storm snd with all adverse clrciinstances, theygrewwhich baa patted has pisc*d these men in power, and to* what i y i u seer You see some of the principal monetary men and political managers undertake g to pun itb toe North by pecuniary pressure—for what—for le- gitimately exercising the rights guaranteedtotbemby tbe constitution. A more detestable scene than that which was enacted to this city a couple of weeks ago wasGovernor elect of Illinois, will speak at toe Wig warn. It is understood Mr. Trumbull will represent to* views of Mr. Llncom.tbe justice of their cause, an 1 ooaadeatly expect toe sym-pathy of the civilised world acd tbe choicest blessings ofDivtoe Providence while struggling for the right. Undertheseciraematanoat,Icaaperceivenojustcause,aoreanotable groundftp*ouch rash and precipitate action aswouldplungeIntoBkeborror*of revolution,anarchyandbankruptcy the happiest people, the most prosperous never before p>*a«nted to too world I refer to the fact stating that he ha* probably carried that State. It saysrests of the land, but they must not take advantage of cess to the safe by mens of false keys, end, eoUsctisg athat affection to intimidate us. So much, then, for the number of gold and silver watches, and other articles ofa JL-weher'a in Budton street, before be aiepoeed of %hem to Messrs Levi and Smith Fay told officer Mi- vets that Levi knew the property srai stolen, and tost ihe receiver told him he often bought stoleogood* be- fore. Fav asked $2,000 for the jewelry, but finally, af- liberty and justice— when It oeases to be the living Brooklyn Minister Against the Sunday Laws," appeared a ter some bargaining, be agreed to sell ttfor $1499. There principle—when it becomes toe mere alabaster without brief report of an ordination sermon preached by me were oce huudred and seventy watches stolen, but Faytog child, I will not give up hope of its restoration to these principle*—to its firmer existence of dignity and honor. But whenever the Union coases to be the conservator ofL e t t e r f r o m t t t e H e w . M r . B a r t l e t t . TO THK KbITOB OF TUB HXBALD.ally, perhaps) misrepresents me. The topic of the "duo- Tbe officers are anxious that both Mouito and Fay shouldenergiestorescuotherepublicfromthedisasterswhich toryofthisland.T8istoatimeofnoinconsiderablefeel toIntheentirediscourse.Iwasexhibitingaaun-Ohrts Sing.threaten ito integrity.No man in America reereto the election of Br. Lincolnmore toan I do; none made more strenuras exertions todvieat him; none differ with him more radically andtrreex ncuabiy upon ail the great issues In vol red In theoontert. No man living to prepared to resist, by all tbetog inmate means sanctioned by the oonstftutlon and la«t of those ideas as expressed by too only symbol am by vineyard This assertion might have caused tne mlsun- j of silk ntckkerchi* it, pockttbcoAs aad other fancy ar of our country, the aggressive policy which be and hU which they could be expressed, the votes ot defttandicg tides, valued at $160, the property of hto employers. . ,rty at? understood to repreeeut Hut wnlle I eay this, the people through ihe ballot box—the si- Confident that your fairness will give mi opportunity1 m bouud, as a good citizen and law abldicg man. to lent thunder of God in nati us. T.T to administer tbe aattoote as broadly as tbe poison, I re Upon being taken into custody be •• acknowledged toe dclaroinyconscientiousconvictionthattoemereelec- ascendancyofcertainIdea*inthtalandIregardnotas main,youra,respectfully, W.ABARTLErT, corn,"andgavesuchinformationtotbstdicersa*todtoIcyoor .Sunday's Issue, under toe heading •'Anotherhat bite before he departed. This violence at tbe last dressed te tbe committees at im veuworth You. will be care of a phyitciax, who bad little hopes for the uaforta- moment to act a presumption agataat to* reality of tbe furthering a daterving charity by gtvieg publicity to thisUntitled Documenta N BtBNEY,President United State* Express Company.tetter setaasat Ut I waa. at the Bate ofmy o _.a buftroea the Wkssw Tracy, wmea waa Saa for meat itbsutua.argumentsforaadagataattoemaunre.which nave beea ea often repeated a tbe various times thto subGeorge C. Thorburn, of this city, florist, and son ofnoon next i t three o'clock.highly etkemed.•cct Bt Chicago Sr Ltacto'i CsbencMMr. Lincolnreceiveda despatch to-lay from the Secre- tary of the Republican State Committee of California,be used aa jtate'* evidence, aad If tbto course to adoptedtwenty sixth precinct, on a charge of stealing a quantity Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 