 If iii.JHi. ""'^* '° vociferous against the plurality, a municate Information relative to the outrage on never had asserted that the Territorial Legislature pose any gentleman thotight he meant or Intended a was something like the following : .;:rYOL. CL-—NO. 2504. nUUH HIIINBaOTA.NEW-YORK, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1860.PBtCE TWO CENT8.^~i^^lt.iUMtwiof"rebels," let them elect Joan Hicimas to the Spfak- ritoty by virtue of that dedsloo, was not sustained bf iir. Guia, (exdiedly)—The ^nator can fire awa/ feeling knew Uiat his lips in a greatfllliki'to their Mrerml datiea ; bat, to an qnalUed peifoimone cm our friends to any other As case, he denied that the Sapieme Ceort had therein ready to meet him at Philllppl. I know and assert an offensive resolution tiurust on the House at an Im- Mr. Kxm advanced to the mala alala poirltioa. aaA,<—"manhood andOn that the Court gave ita opinion, and decided that tion. V/titmn was decided by the Courts, he was should be withdrawn. He had said to hiaUends, aul Tanced, dispteying his mace of;fish of the finest quality, the with and MAN has the floor for Monday on Mr. FcGa's resolu- made by the Senator.that no one holding his opinionsfit to be Chair- this substitute the design w.as to cover up anything''7,' a''-THSTOtmC maS'S DEXOCSAnC OZKXSAt, cohxit- and were snppllesCoansAS soon after re- the Southern States, and he supposed It was In consequence of these repeated assertions that he was re-moved. 'Senator knew that had been his opinion while Chair-unwell, but saying heresolution, and all present agreed to consult their re- spective friends, in order to secure their support. It was understood that the were not to l>ewith made He did not know how they got out He public.Mr. Flobxxcb, of Fennsytvania (Dem.,) aad other* exclaimed, " Why not now t"Mr. Haskdi resumed. He could aMure gaaaaoteawas aceidantaL That-•^ -fihe head-qoarters of flia movement It is to have nocanaection whatever with either theor Mocart Hall parties, but is to be indepenilent of bctfh. The gentlemen at preseni associated have never taken an active part In politics, and do not court alliance with extremists of any party, whileThe President attended the United States Agri- ctiltuial Society this morning, to receive bis diploma as an honorary member.The President of tbe Society, In delivering it, ^aiJ it was a strange coincidence that every President of the I'nlted States had either been called from the,jspiritHr. VALUSMGnA^. of Ohio, (Demd^y.,) said,believing"Baa against thathad read the Senator's remarks. He was onlycandidate ?*'""° ** '^^ate.pat- views were not in accordance with those of the ma- The word Volunteers" having too much of the mil- his return to Wheatland In less than eighteen months Mr. Docolas believed that three-fourths of the--V :and shame of putting into the Speaker's chair the4|friv.^li. mlnyS«^toMr.HrcXMAir. a3itherebelorAntl-Lecomp-'..^atmmje,ed more speech.until theAwmt^af8tMs Ot«i ««—AtTtt* i7ns7or]t Kau*.inof fldi itat* woe inangnrated at the tai thit <dt7. TIM7 arewaJl Republlcaiu :"i" the electtoi,of .Mr. SexaaAi. prove to be Ineffec-Mr.resolution towith such laws and journals as are furniahed to the States and Territories. Laid over.(Dem.,) explxlned the meaning of the Kansas-Nebraska blll>Ingood understanding when the Ne- passed. He did not believe Uie decision' of ji««r ttbty-Saa yearsCongress could not make laws to violate the Mr. Gkiir. of Missouri, (Dem.,) said he had dis-EtaudpowerthanFreeporSi. Fabi, Jan. Minn., Toeads;,takenup,upon to then he do,aAB was subject TOB) had made.to the main ataadisg.3, TMtnrday the newly-elected Oovenior and tbeaisle, near which Mr.,^Sijnn, GoTanur; J. B.BaB, Secretary of statetor from Missouri.he had laid, and when Senators had allTtfliil natef Iha.-fkaaaanr;Parly. Speaker surpassing ability. If the Republicans desire to pay a Qgnllcant and satisfactory compliment to the; J. DomLi, Lleut-Gorernterpretatlon.thinkbear him witness, that he had listened to the ehaiacCb*». Sohi»- and Goasen B. Coia, Attomey-Gen-He wouhl vindicate every wordter of the debate here without objection.the Helper book wae concerned, every man who had any•-wu Governor of tto Tenllory beforoflooT.at Um ., -;'.;He had notSoBouse."Criesof "teda>!, OQter! Osdar!" ./Mr. Babxu„ jS lUij^mA, (aaar t^ Ma a( Mr.'~ Hettri. EatkiB ud; t^ Mpi to Indld op a fair name for. this young Clarke,"their adapted home, yet wanting the old Collition.to gnldetham. Certainly this State has snf- , and is still suffering, especially in herofNew-Tork,interritories.and Insisted on the Charleston Convention sustain-very that genttemeaabBUDepartment, for the want of that mature a.»jNl(|aM*t>«Mlting only Irmn a life devoted to latel-'»tmiltl dUbnlUea. Land has depreciated, bai^st -iter* feUad, and trade stopped. The rich men of"tvt nu aad 1857 are the poor men of I8S9 and Congress, to-day.Mr. SaxBHAn wished to be allowed to say that when They should conduct themselvee as thenow in Mr. BncBAHAii's Cabinet. Mr. Pcen then read the Senator from Georgia. He concluded by declar the resolution was offered, he was the only person resentattves of a dignified people. CSaaawagap-plause.]Mr. CLiaurs, of Virginia, (Dem.)—Will the gaUe-man give way !Mr. Hau»—I will nat He (HAaan) then lAad a^''!3^aielalSpecialDiapatchtotheITew-TorkTime*. Waibiii««)«, Thunday, Jan. 13.asserted when he first came a here, bygentlemanfor the threats ofoppositionto the nominee madebydlg'liHag'uipfMlMl pnnaits.is iS ipnient Ktameiota is laboring tinder gtti'iwhose name to the list who was a appeared appended,'of such a construction.Mr. PcoB—I don't know whether you have revisedr*I,•K,r -,failed. A resolution, fixing a day for electing a Pr'nter, was adopted, as many Senators insist on a.Mr. Davis replied that everybody knew what he ton. He wotild not It a''''" a5ii£rij? i >'-j.''^"•r tbe18M.with one exception, are said to be ready 1o vote for him, and their strength, added to the full Repobltcan vote, would elect him. While Mr. himself continues steadily to support Srss- the latter avows his readiness to vote for any good roan who can rally a larger vote of the ene- of the Administration and of the secessloo-of the Court would be hia views. agalntt:MIL The wOdest soeculation has ruined them. The furious debate in the Senate was only eqttalled . iCen wtthout large capital bought Immense tracts oC by the l>elllgerent demonstrations in the Hoose. TheUfai, BOitgsgtoK to raise the necessary fonds-.pay. of the crowded occupantsUeman from the troubles around him. He threw him-self back on his Insulted dignity, but he would not be without debate, or he was willlag to wUktasr his permitted by the country to shelter himself behind the proposition if gentlemen thought an ot aliatlopwell 'as at the East.ataile, and wool is comnoencing to be an article of ex-portation. Xlving is Ctieap, at least as fox as ncces- ijrit. Tlie statement that Bovmak would be with- ailea arc concerned. Potatoes, ISc. per bushelMr. Clabe wanted to knowarrange-batter, 9c. to 15c. per pound;Mr. Davis replied that he had sent it to tlie country himself, to meet just such perversions as had beensquarely. pound,C8c. for thebestcnts;) eggs,12 for 15c.wood,other telegraphic iteris from Washington. Mr. Cu:*u-n>eMen's Democratic General Com-said tiiat he wotild make IssueSheepfiouri.%b well in th!s cli-onto truth' to say that about the time he was talking;irom gl SO to g3 per cord. The streams abound inwasman. If the prt>scriptive tests are to be applied, whatprairies game,mll&ons of acres of woodland stand ready to defend tion.orin a delusion.he did himgross injustice,andof Terrors. Frost. It is a mis- tek^ Idea that the intense cold of this region is to tie 4nwed. When the wind blows (which is seldom) itKingThe official report of Capt. IltmzxLxAK receivedby Secretary Flotd today, gi\-es a detailed state-willing to leave the country to judge. It was idle to havelie would not say that he was unwilling to a snpportMr. WoiSLow, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) remarked that it would be recollected he had proposed a Com-TXX— tOB, 186a OKOAMIZATjbHceptured.appeared before Roma, a small town higher up theproceedings; beef, 3c. to 8c. perdrawn, and PiBBCE substituted, is on a par with manyremoval from theTeirilorics muston his resolution.Mr. GiLMEE said that if Mr. Clabe intimated that bythey-lntend to Invite the cooperation of like moderate, plow,had so(VAUABniaBAM) tiad misunderstood him. and If Mr.a aulet, and Map^aaiteis genteelpleasant re-Dem.,) in replying, remarked that the genUemanhadexistas to the character and extent of thatdisavoiral,aort, aad where, they can perform the amenities also,|of the party to such distinguished strangers as maynext was adopted. The Senate thenDemocracy of the country agreed with him. Hewould show by the record that the majority had un-dei stood the terms of the Kansas-Nebraska Act as hedid. Mr. RieaAansoB, who was the nominee forSpeaker of the House against Mr. Ba!(es, wrote a was a call of the House.BAM's) statement Adjourned,>^anoeanysectionof the Union.till adjourned Monday.t :-MK*miyice-Praiimt—3. E.JDaiiarcr Dr. Jacob S. Miller.JWaearisf JV«aj«i«r—Mr. Carbetry. atnnemtmtStCTttana—T. iSby, E. J. McGUn. Mtmr/img Beerttariet—P. 1. Brady, E. S. Geuet.letter in which he recognised the power of the peo-Mr. of Sbbbbab,Ohio, (Rep.,)desired to call atten-Ju.here, laboring sctiyely £ar theJSmm "LStecf AwMMt—Jobs FAaaux.the of- SENATE.Wasbccoios, Thursday, Jan. 12.foUowing tint Yiu-Praidnt—a. J. Clark.As the attendance of members was slim, thereThe foliowing letter which Col. Fobnet writes ta the Philadelphia A-Mt, gives his ImpressAns of themunication was ordered to be printed.Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) introiuced a billeleven years he was Chairman of that Committeesave the Udaae from the burning, withering cursevote for it.aeties to becan aad Antl-Leoompton votes for Speaker :JJ?"'"} SSfMr.Hicuua'acesolutiDn be They accepted.presented peUtion In favor of the Homestead biU. He also in-troduced a resolutionjudlcUl cecision.the eleven from Ulinols hefor there could be no doubt as to theThere was so much confusion at this time that the and wlUi ain which vitativenesjS^ai^"'"^ °°* at It with favor andhad been Mr. McRab could not answer now, but Indorsed the sentiments of the he got through, give way for the question.'o,compel the South Americans to vote forto abide by the judicialhim,"""^"^^ HUWe-characteristics.headl. full aad round-hls be^f.\ ^^T^pursaed,in order to unite theTammanyHallMMr. DoreiAS—Then you should not express an opin-Pennsvlvania. has been freely and favorably ca'- vi^7fo"he Speakership. Should the effort to se-the Senate adjourn it adjourn to meet on Monday next.could decide the question, and he could respect thethe doctrines contained in the Helper book.Insteadton Democrats,fromand until he shallreiiere(Housios) would say Mr. SaM- particularly to the remain (9oti(-The disorderforthe Sergeant-at-Arms.HiciMAN >IA'»,passageofwould not dare dispute hisMany members rose to their and feat,„;„ hrt.which he as a surrender of the regardedproposiUona. Mr. DotNUASwere' lag, te many Instances, five per cent, per month. The Senator Pcqb was interrunted, when Messrs. Davis, your speech or not.from Illinoishimself above his level, when he supposed It was ne- resolution.gaComnitlceofinvestigaliononBrigadier Bowmana fiream bad fallenthe floor. It wae< dueof those for him feel stronglr dls- votingfaith.the Choctaws and Cherokees braska bBIThere were loud andpowers of JoM Hiou;'"'' election would be a splen- Congress over the Territories. He denied that thereplied that Uie word dare was un-Tdce of Mr.was heard aaid,the calls for order aaddW- triumph of^ihe IndepeT'*"'have resisted the treacheries aou .. .?',.~" General Admlnislialion. It would be a jusi -.'">'".? to a noble and patriotic spirit—to the man who, of ai> others, has stood most ably by the pledged faith of the Democratic He would mue a ofDred Scott decision was of the Presldeat's susceptibleMr. Sbxbhab said every one ought to be rl'-^r* wioald tha.. ItalToselnvahie, and they counted their wealth by DoroLis and others commenced a Mr. Davib—You do know, for I have told you so. jMBdieda of thousands, and lived accordingly. The Gaxix, regularcessary that a combination shoold be forced against Mr. Clabi, of Missouri, (Dem.,) diselalBied any'ap*Mr.IlASKisewasarmedfortheoccasion, but IamLegislatvrrcwas Insession, lookingforwaysandhad not beenttirowninhisface. Hedenied the right^ «f BSSiey Sowed hither for profitablea He could community.nolanguage years ago.t)ook. He never would withdraw the resolution.Mr. Habbis, of Maryland, (American,) said that thisresolution was the block in the way of organisation,for Speaker.Mr. CiABX, of Missouri, exclaimed, .Verar, tlB themittee for Mr. Clabx'b resolution.ii^ showing that agiicaltnre is the foundation ofany one.House vote on my resolution."Mr. Habbis, of Maryland, remarked that heveouldtheSeeember, but the newly elected officers are not in-angruaied Canaeqnently,Mr. PcoB said he did not know what the audience understood, but the Senator's language was In print,Mr. Davi? said the Senatornot find. Nothing was said about leglslatlOD. Some- self-inflicted wounds to excite sympathy and secure traitorous doctrines. He said this substitute badfound Its way into the New-York Herald^ and repeat- ed that this substitute was the result of a Committee of Conference.^kpetlettce)Legislatureproposed substitute."be saw Mr. Haskei put his hand on his breast, andtherefrom fell a revglver.Here there was loud cries of " Order," " Order.'' Mr. Habbis of Maryland, said he did not jM4 thefloor to Mr. Clbxzbs.Mr. Hnr claimed the floor.Mr. MoBBis of Ulincds, (Dem..) knewaU the cir-untU the 1st ofsympathyMr.Habbis said the substitute was a mereexpres-the entire Stateinvestments,light the train.terrible. Nothing short of a full report of the ceedings will give an idea of the affair.Slavery uponInterpretationof the Senator from Missouri"ia catting of course, but let the cold be what it may, ment of the battle with CoatisAS on the 27th ult.<astilldaytheairisexhilaratingandaluxurytoIveathe. Sunday, Jan. 1, IbtMJ, the thermometer in a CoBTisAP, with six hundred men, was entrenched one Mr. Pcaa then commented upon the removal of Mr.aftezposed position the mercury frose, and the spirit thermometermarked50°l)clowzero. Thatwasthemittee.Mr.Gbxb:«—.SoamI.Mr. Docglas said that he could not. under the cir-Messrs. Robeisos, McRba, CEAwpoEB.and himself; the Southern Opposition by Messrs. Hill, Mallobt, Etbxeidge and Giimib, and the Anti-Lecomptonitesnot carry a pistolhere but forwe have had this Winter. The flue, brac- parfect safety and pleasure, byfiftyregulars eighty Slier rangers.attacked him with one hundred andand Costixas re-Tcnitories, because of the Freeport speech.Mr. Geezs said he had never said he had been re- moved in consequence of that. He was opposed toany purposehis pro-galleriesdelighted.ex<alt;edfight was really on hand, and that all their anxiousday January following. watchlngs had not been In vain. The only exhibition to go forth to the world and be judged.which he (Clat) abhorred as the act of ademagogue. He feared that the Senator was like sion of opinion against any member of the House who CleoD, who rushed Into the market-place exhibiting indorses the Helper book, ortswllliilg to promulgateClaex) who had said,It was none of Us boatamss,"having gone Republl- state of afiairs existed for one month.putIn what he couldof weapons, however, was a pistol, which accident- X Bepnbllcan Senate and House fresh from the peo- ally dropped fi-om the bosom of Mr. HAssins. A pis- pt», and Democratic officers just about being dis- tol, you mi!st know, is a very necessaryaean, singularcharged by the people. The State also had the bene- ftof two Covemors* Messages.particularproperty.ttj. Onring a residence of_^over a month, part •f the time at each of two largest hotels, the S«rvei of the lady bosrden hare not t>een startledof general disorder. The interference of the Ser- geant-at-airas restored quiet on the floor, but pro.duced profound disgust and indignation in the gal. leries. The sport, however, was spoiled beyond repair, and Jlessrs. Class and Haseiss apologized to the House, and an adjournment followed, withoutMr. Davis—Do you say that there is advice In my would affect his vote in Ala-baraa. He never had madethe to Herald. He w ould not say he had contempt but that recognized as entitied to the floor.the " pop" of a cork or the utierarre of an oath '>' With such men to work, and Gov. RAxeaT to leadMr. Habbis supposed itMr. Noell. of Missouri, (Dem.,) wished to knowi_ hy!-.- Itfameaota has certainlv award too. Bnsiness will be established on a firmbrightfuture to look for-LAS" at I'reeport.Mr. Davis denied Mr. Pose's right to sayeven thadocument to be carried by one residing In a suburbannever would have- alluded to his deposition from theThe Senate and House have also .a youthfulpearahce, but It is a subject of remark that the mem inMr. Claek expressed his astonishment that any cumstances the and atiendlng disturt»fiee,hopedMr.basis, tr?Ue will a^atn appear on her great highways.and her fertile soil will give up her virgin beauty an effort to take a ballot. Mr. Maso:t endeavored to much. He had said nothing about legislation.the Senator from Alabama as much honoredaccepting his vote as he would be in receiving it He(DoroLAS) did rot court the nomination at Charles- -^oan Partyr^Jhe meeting was for good and peace.and aasuroe the golden splendors uf maturer years.by hisgentlemen wlu met to consult, and the substi'.ute was made up of all opinions e::cept those from the Uepub-have an execulive session of the Senate, with a view Its stand A. No. 1. The average yield Is about twenty to reporting back several nominations for action, butMr. PccB said the language was not applied to Congress, but to the people of the Territory.accept except upon platform They came B>" a unanimou.« vote on the substitute,The first wheat sent from this Statetook'feoahelsto the acre. In some as as instances, highmiy bushels have been raised. Corn,^ oats and r^ -grow finely, and potatoes are as large and yield asimmediately.Ifi*?"?"^•"';- *{«»Clef'spersonal grierancae they" should beYoungIied by calling Mr. J. Auausms Paoi to the Chair, pany C, First Artillery, is occupying Fort Ringgold. cluded by non- action or unfriendly legislation. Every his views. Was any man prepared to accept themittee met last evening, for the purpose of organlxMr. DocoLAS, of Illinois, (Dem.,) explained that he had said In his speeches that Slavery might be ex-Senators on neither side of the House. Proscription knew there was no where a black cat could be placethat the fallingpistolips for 188a The meeting was temporarily organ-had everywhere been exercised against all holding concealed. CLaughter.l He knew that during cau-atteiqit-and JosxTa W. Coauzs. Jr., and Hisxt J. Cimpsxtito act as Secretaries. On the motion to organizemanently, the above gentlemen n ere elected to the thinks CosiiNAS designed laying was the frontier,Charleston nomination, pledged to proscribe them,the pale of the truth. He woold nevo' use a pistal Mr. Clasx, of New-York, being satisfied that thaaflSces named. Gsoigi W. ^ Subsequently,stood the former position of the Senator from Ulinols.could not subdue two-thirds. HeIn soundness inexceptsubstitute which had been subject to debate read asofthew liole HouseResolved, That no man who has recommended, andstill Insists on, and docs not now disown, the doc- trines expressed in the extracts which have been read from ilzLpril's Impending Crisis, and who is not oppose(l*to the luiliier .iHitulion of the Slavery ques- tion, is fit to be tfjeakcr of this lIou£e.Mr. CsAvroBD, of Georgia, (Dem.,) briefly ex- plained his motives for attending the Committee, and c said he wanted Mr. Claex's resolution voted on.Mr. Clabe, of New-York, (Anti-Lecompton Dem.,) said that, although the Committee was a self-con- stituted one, everj- man there was prepared to pro-remarks maae by him were this]waaelected Treasurer, aad EnwAan Do5asu.T, Ser-aeut-at-arms. Committees on were By-LawsMills equestrian statue of Wabhixgtov will be in- augurated, on the 22d of February, with Imposing ceremonies. Mr. Evsbett will be invited to deliver the address.anyit as oftenha did, hat that addieeiad toMr. about which be had bo busi-which which were to be designed pri-ap- '""•tefcd, and a Committee was selected to Inform themake nofollows Whereas,whichhis subject•^ ftea Committee adjoomed to the secondThe of no•!• Kray Committee of the organlxatlon. The Thursday'la Vebtuary.SAXIOXAL T0LC5TXK8S.A newabova title, Democratic in Its creed, and "national"Mr. Gbie:< contended that all hadagitation good,Slavery questionIndependent political organizationwith the) ' ^.^T . atieet, where a soite of rooms las been obtained asQ. nxSg.]proceedinss.vate, should find their way into tbe public prints-In its objects, held Its secondlast at eveningof theof the Kansaa-Nebraska act he held and expressed the opinion which he now entertained as to the power ofthe people In the Territories.proscription.Mr. £tuii:u>i<£, ofTennessee, (Am.,)in agoodmeetingthe European House, Broadway, comer of Nlnth-Mr. DocoLAS said on the very nightpassageriver, and threatened to bum IL Capt. Sio.is's Com-Mr. DocsLASof thefore, when It was said that he eitherwas sent toCapt. H. begs that new troops be sent him, and urgespanyofCavalryoccupythatplace.Com-drew ora that is sUted wUefa is nat wllhia ed to draw pistol,the positive necessity for them on that He man of the Committee on Territories.and then so mean as to ask the votes of thosescribed 7 It was certain that on* third oi;jhe party heldper-JiNiu:fs and then escaping Into Sonora.pro-ples upon the Slavery question. He —Is but of evil to the whole cotm- leave his alone, all would go well. If they assailed try, its further discussion ought to be dlscoimte-President Bcchasas received,as Honorary member of the National AgricuUuralSociety. (nOMtor Illinois had raised the fromhim, controversy must ensue.1Mr. Davis disavowed any desire to assail the Sen-ator, and defended the Administration from the chargenanced by the;therefore,of RhodeIsland, (Dem.,)organitatlon, it w.-is, last even- speech was frequently Interrupted by applause.OALLmtt—rWmU OF cot. FOBsiT—TBI rrmnTiTini itiviiririDunham.H, mo.ngthelr tactics In regard to the plurality rule, aad allowed on Manilla cordage.nowthink they may elect a dlsimlonlst for Speaker Mr. ScMSBE, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,)Mr. Gbbbh said that the Senator from Illinois In be should have supposed that the geatieman agreed to support the propOsltlonta vote down Mr.:^£Bn is a well-buUt brown-haired man, a UiUe-^'*^fiSS. V ^""os, or HAjfUTOB, against SBsanAW.proper construetionof thelanguage.He did notsup-language used could not beaccurately noted,but itresolveAmerican citizens at '"^'^St^ argument, that it Is unconstltoUonal, U and what means have beenJ "P' >° view of the fact that It mayThea judicial question, and that he did so now. The Helper book, and had never disavowed its doctrines. Mr. Hasxu repeated bis interrogatorythe monthlike eves arc .iven a sleepless, ever- alarBWd—^h-I,^^;?"» Southern dress. Adopted.when,McRab, "That's '_efer-v^UaStby'^^*Speaker. Every- here,, farlookingIn toe PontificalwhltA did not CongresswhenAaved;£S,.fpK°'i^''«'! subE«rrtent to one enif so as Cbxstsut, South;gor;PerugiaStates,possessed powerpersonid chargedappHcaUon.gentlemanwould,<mlyabove ex^eSon"^^"•J'**an^a Uie »-»' «"«WTBI EZPOBTIE rOB TBI ASSOCUTIb WA8Hi!raTo>, Thursday, Jan. 12.ofMr. Clay made soiiie cioiiinatory reinark.s. He pre-ferred principles to party, and had, therefore, de- clared be would n«t kupport an objectionable man.Mr. Douglas said he voted for the Wllmot Proviso under Instructtod^ from the Illinois Legislature.Mr. DooLiTTLX, of Wisconsin, (Rep.,) asked the Sen- ator from Hllnols If. he believed the new Congress had power to legislate upon Slavery in the Territo- ries.CraciRKATTs,or else retired to it at thedid not know views. myhis condemnation of the atrocity. Intolerance Mr, Douglas believed that Congress had no power and proscripUve cliaracter of Uxlfxb's book.of Hmna's book, andstated H; but If haion of my soundness If youJlr. Davis continued, ana expressed the op'nloncultural he had but UtUe as his pursuits, though opportunity Chairmanship of the Committee on Territories,ato Indulge In them. He paid high tributeto visit them fromttarv odor. In the opinion of some, to convey the true to enjoy the independence andqulet of rural life. Htsniiit and intent of the,. lag under discussion to change that for some othernounceconservative and national men of all parties and uro-^S!^''^^^^^^^;"^^ *"' "* owned, and expiration of bis term of office.«lh«r attractions will be added to render the Mr. BccHASAn, In reply, spoke of his taste for agri- that Mr. Dooolas had properly been deposed from theover Slavery In the Territories.Mr. FiTCB's resolution to elect a Printer on TuesdayMr. AcBAin, of New-Jersey, (Anti-Lecompton SBBXMAa had intended to day that any doubt diouidto theriotic worth of the tillers of the soil, and anticipated jority.said he himself Uiere. This was strictiy he did not deslrt} him to be bound by his {VaUAaaM. representedto-day.his certificatefrontier.Mr. Masob, of Virginia, (Dem. DocctAShad not so imder-were none in the room where thethere jaeeUn^Sbbaetiav, of Arkansas (Dem.,) Introduced a supplyThat was thebaaaefMaaiUlag.repeated estaaag^OideT' "-The resolution of Mr. Push, of Ohio,ondersttndlDg the Kansas bm, and saidthedoctrfaies of the book., aoiaa iwtad HMni-,waathaaripaef hammer, saying, Wbaaerer thai* are.-:.was at the time-of theaad Mr. Pros restmied Ms remarks. He the Senator fi-om Illinois;The President seemed to4he frequent assertion of the same thing would causeopinions had been as well as the Sena-gotten through with the faUs of indictment against him, he wouldbe jecepted as fact It mlghtj>e accepted by place-men and personal aomin,'^ ^^^ the claim that there was any vested right to hold slaves In IheTW-beenfar as his disclaimer of the dojtrinea of,HAsxiK,)clatn|piilber40MtoUM'it tofinallydisposed to the remarks regardas peraonathands. ,«"'^ffratMaAB as aStata. He U a man of ability and erahip. I would regard it as a far mere oomplate the facts. He reviewed the Dred Scott decision at whenever it suits ids convenience, either attts in a ure had been sealed from the list day The exdt^pwttt coastaatly laegmmi.. '^igit aeeial paatttoB. Tna other aAears are men weland generous Indorsement of the Integrity and sin-looked *erj Toaac> Not one af tbam laanySpeaker of the Bouse, we should have In Hicxva:< a Pcnnsylvanlan, body, brain, and foul—a statesman ofsettled the question of slave property In the Territo-that no man ever claimed that the territories possess-proper time and in an improper maimer, and Insistedon In a way without precedent la his- Parliamentaryto talk, as did Mr. Cobb and others.members were speaking at the tame tioia, tha Clackage,—^tmmtf-tn. TUaiaapeeoliaiity wklehat tmceat-and a commanding ability, patriotfear. Such a would t>e a tritunphtory.That declaration was made on this floor. Iftiiemeanwhile with smartly rapidng'"l% :IMMtitb«at*miaaofBr«aHentof the older States.''> "JVAbiHblleaSees, '^Mr. Tvm resumed. It was easy to thrust persona Senator from Mississippi, byator from Kisaouri. He contended that thebad made to the honorable gen-Bench^ikfi illad with yonng man. Of all the officers, thetinctlyfrom theSapremedown,gentiemengeneral tomult The Usalag and cries o'seat "your oonUnued, and the Clcrk'a rlath* only one whose head is adorned with>gray hairs. Ton meet gentleman, whom yon knowijake a lasyty, ana look npon him as one who liioat 'hathiiilngto make fcriUnihelf aname and a repotatfcw aptoasant companion, a jovial frland, a yoongtt> af yraadst,—wnea soddenly a mntiial friendiMlBli^Wltt, "ABowae to make yon aeqoaintedpoint'^^TBiHaiiiiajustice,that the ofiiensirefrequently repeated. Soon the i 1two or three nearerw ho does not knowJ.W.F. FROM WASHINGTON.ries. Constltntton.Congress,cerityand justice of our than the election of length. Having read aa abstract of the Dred Scott lump or ladiridaaUy. There is one individnal who is of the session, by what he must regard as one seemed to be appreheastve ofposition panaMlaaHMto our great struggle against the despotism of Jakss Bo-thegaveUHisses from U»e floor and gallvies, aad laadxtieaHouae, addtdioimthaCHAJtAir._^__^.^^_^^_^_that the questiondid notthe Court whether a Territory could prohibit Slavery by its own powers, but the tjuestlon was whether Congress conid prohibit Slavery in the Territories.explanationthe andimitated theSen- oftheBouse,wasnot tothegrand sequelwhich bearise before assaidts Into the controversy. This had been done by Ueman from Virginia (Mr. Maieoir), in the presence of Older from aU sides of thePBOCBEDINaS OF CONGBB88. a Territory could not exercise any power beyond that ready to obey. The whole controveiey had been now said to others, that he would eonaent to have the isg the peace. Soon quiet was partlAlIyiof Congress. thrust upoa the Senator from Illinois and himself, un- Helper book read, pagj^tiy page, and then he would Mr. HAaus,ofMarylald, claimeiiaaiaor. -^Mr. Pcoa read Judge Catbos's opinion dissenting der circumstances of outrage and Indignity which had avow or disavow efetj sentiment therein. He bad Mr. MoBxis, of Pennsylavaala, (Ind^t^MI)) ob- to—the CUef Jostles of the State Ton meet ano- Important Debate In the Senate. therefrom. In the coarse of his remarks, Mr. Poos to l)e met If they continued to be pressed In this never concealed his opinions, and if the offensive reso- jected to aU proceedings till order was aVim, and the first thing yon know yon are Introducedwltb the Attotiey-Genenl !" Certainly, gray hairs .' 'laeaatapraialam here. In both branches ofthe State'MR. DOUGLAS DBFDJES HIS POSmON.;bythe Vice-President in bisfiaeayr.l at Uahad been exercised.Icgklitiira, there is bat one "gray head." AU A ROW IN THE HOUSE. Mr. PuflH objected to bring In thoee parties. The erce free men by cutting off the heads of Postmas. Mr. HousTOR asked Mr. Sbxbjiar whether that was Mr. Habbis, of Maryland, wasyoung men, In the vigor of manhood, ready fo,action, with hearts and sonls filled with thepolicy of the Government towards the Territories ters and Ciutom-house officers. The Senator from a fair escape from responsibility. The gentleman friend from Louisiana. It seemed that the ibad been more liberal as the subject was dlacasied* Georgia now wanted a law passed to enable slaves said he was willing to have the Helper book read, was dleposed to make game of the House. [LaBgh-He denounced the ordinance of 1787, as tyraimicalments therein. But the resolution did not contain theon voters. He further denied that the Freeport ing thlsdemand. If that was the sentiment of the gentieman's name. It says nothing about the gentie' was to organize the body and show that thaas eodte-would so on man from Ohio, and he could not so construe it <m' mentscan be quieted as happily as aid say theyartM^>- iarire and deteradnaflon to Increase the prosper.to be held in the In defiance of all law> page by page, and would avow or disavow the senti- ter.j The t>eat evidencelegislationand odious. It the imposedproperty qualificationgive of thefr own self-req>ect and dignifieddaoM^ar,that Territorialof Con^:ress. and that Congress indirectly legislated for the Territories.meant;legislationto his views. He wouldthe meanness of being elected on a platform, andkick it over afterwards. He believed tw-o-thirds ofthe Democracy of the country were with him. Hi^ the question, and bririg gentlemen up fairly andHe read tha language, and it had gone to the country.Mr. Pcou said that did not alter It.Mr. ProB denied having made any perversion. Hechance was thereto elect a Democraticany party,further controversy. Mr.Davis—Quiteso.Democratic nominee who differed with liim.Mr. Davis said he had no objection to Mr. DouglasMr. said no one In the Senate had ex-yieldedcuse for not knowing It. as the question came ua.He hadnot to have naSS theto abide by the Dred Scott decision, and since then the Sena-question.Mr. Davis thoughrthat about the period of the pas* sage of the Kansas-Nebraska act the Senator from U-llnols was sounder than at any other time.was not a meml>er of thisdid not therefore have the happiness of hearing the Senator.r. Davisbodyall the time holding the same views, and at the endfor the better organization of the .\rmy. Referred. of that time was removed, though he had not changed gentleman from Ohio."Mr. of^on and Uie disunionlsts have controL some memorials from South Carolina, asUng for theforehead -from face in this resp"ef/c.t ^he"recaUsUiet?H:JS*'.i.°'verth8U5s, ready to try the ,.«. think they can defeat the AdmlnlBtra- tow dan win satUe the quesUon,^^^^reimbonement ofnot before it.while he had made a statement which S3me of hisImsiness.^Ui one mrc^earUer odes ofadoptedprocurere-havingw^ gentlemen said, excitedly,toMr.Dred Scott decision ild not settlewithit It not ar- The from Ohio had Indorsed a doctrine Mr. Clabx to Mr. ii»r. .^TM„Carolina, (Dem.,) presentedr^ff theflorid »'money expended during the Revo- luttonary and Mexican wars. Referred.Great eoafoslcm.a 1856 this as a acceptedquestion, and agreed would not have propounded that question to Hiceuax's motion to correct the Journal !over the about -is or « jesrs of age, averageheight,During calling on the President to com- yeais referred to by the Senatorlarge head are Uie leadingDotJOLAS admitted that he had regarded this as)was the creature{league aleod. His Lecompton Democrat but hadwhat was in that book, be ought to have disavowedthe treasonable and Infamoas doctrines therein. TUs take your seat'|dW not relieve ther increasiBg,.amemberBanaiMi7«IMIn reference to tbe harsh and un. just remarks by his colleague a pistol in his breast pocket accidentally fell to the floor. No aiaa who knew him believed he could use a pistol except la an indulged honorable way. He regretted that this accident had occurred. 'He put the pistol in bis pocket last Bight about 12 o'clock to protect himself, Ifneeeaeaiy, for he resided In the neighborhood of Engllafa HIU, where oufrageshavebeencommitted,andhewantedlaleel point. asked some of his associates whether they had their secure in going home. UntU he came to WaaUagton protected piace in this city, stood 35° below zero. In mile a^ove Rio Grande City. Capt. HiiNTzsuiAx DocoLAB from the Chairmanship of the Committee on was willing to give him the Chairmanship of his Com- consent The Democrats were represented by he never thought It necessary to be armed. He didrepeatedwould abandonmentofprinciple norecantation. If Sena- tors were satisfied with their own records, aad wouldoug^tthe question McRai was on alanguge colleagueagreedthen, aadA communication was received from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, In reply to the resolution of ple of the Teiiitories, and after that got every South- tion to the remarks of Mr. Hocsros yesterday, as re- man of New-Jersey. [Laughter and applause.)THE OIBATK Of WUUIX8DAT. WASBEtGtoir, Wedneaday,Col. FoEKiT isthe Senatei do not mean to say that those genUemen (Adeam and Claek) will vote for the Democratic candidate, but I have nounex- pended balance of the amount appropriated undercalling for information as to theported In the Glete, and to this effect:ofbecause his views were not In accordaace with those < . .^ke SpealwraUp—mr. Hickman Seeom> the treaty of Guadalujie Hidalgo, to pay the claims of of the majority.em Democratic vote except three.Mr. Davis reiterated that Mr. DoroLAS was deposed"declsloa. He woold then help to Root carryof tiiat he did not know making a stingy exptanatlan,coUai^oe alai«i*d.lo h»M b-h-Mr. Clabx said every gentleman knew that it was Uie Repobllcans, Uiongh waTeijag a few daft dace, mtimdei aa «he Northern CampremUe American citizens. The balance is stated at some- Mr. DotGLAS had no complaint to make on that doubt that they will. They will. I trust return to not necessary to show the resolution to the Republl- having again apparoitly made 19 tteh-ninds to ad--'" CaagMate.' "thing over two hundred thousand dollars. The com- deposition, and never intended to refer to It For their first love, calm the agitation of the country, and c'asF, for as a party they had not sense enough tohere to their first choice. It U Oie vwy reverse of Mr. HcRas of Mississippi, (Dem.,) as one of the truth that FcBBrr wishes to pat a'splder In Hicxbab'sConsuttation Corimlt1ee,was speaking on the sobject, dumpling. On the contrary, the Colonel says he 'Republi- Mr. Wiisos, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) presented his sentiments. This only showed that others Mr. Sbixjia> inquired whether Mr. HocsTOS de when he was Interrupted by would hall HicDLis's etection as the highest possible 'WAsmnatoir, Tuesdv, Jan. 10, I860. the petition of Saupsox Taitas, and several mer- changed, while he adhered with fidelity to his prin- signed to reflect upon him personally or politically ? Mr. Habeih of New-York, (Anti-Lecompton Dem.;) Indorsement of that course which the /«« has fol-The Administration forces in the Hoase are chang- chants of Boston, respecting the drawback to be ciples. Mr. Hotmoa, of Alabama, (Dem.,) replied that was asked whether his collygue (Mr. Clabx) had lowed.Mr. Giaan staled his views as to thegentlemanhavingaad It was Be dared aasert theThaKsm, of South C«roite,<11lB. )necessary, that what his ownunnecessary to bandy words.truth. He thought he knew with Mr. HoesTOR's personal disclaimer. Allfire at them in a|umi>.power the peoplBof the Territories was still an open ques-of resoldtionconlormingnever commitwhich was not binding on anybody.-a»H 2^denied that the power to legislate rested In the Gov- manner, the fate of the Democratic party was sealed lution (that of Mr. Claex, of Mlsaoori,) should be The Clerk requested geo^mMB to t^a Iernor and ofa Terrtlory, Ji^gesMr. Gbxxji caused a portion of a speech of Mr. Dovsustobe read, In which he admitted that suchThe qnesUon had been thrust forward by the Presi-withdrawn, he would be prepared to speak farther and the request was eoBipUeowith.hethe doctrine of Popular Sovereignty. It had l>een the first day of the Convention. He cared nothing less he feels it bears upon him. can sever again be renewed on this floor, [gppicase.]speechof Mr. Douglas vras the first enunciation of Southerndelegates,hoped theyfrom a speech made in Portland, In which it was ad- InghisdetermlnaUon as a delegate to Charleston to^e dull monotony of the Congressional pro- mlttei], 'h reply to the charge that the South wanted support his present views, and Jnsisted that the pro- candidate before the House. Therefore the resolu-ceedings, was unexpectedly dlstart>ed In both Bousesto force Slavery into the Terrllories, that the Terri- torial Leglslatore, by a fallare to pws a protectingscription against his branch of the party most cease. tion was just as much a pcr^nal reference as if his Mr. Douglas said the sute of his health would not name had appeared theieoD,Mr. HocBiOH that did not relieve tha gen- repliedexcludeMr. DATli denied th.1 «.- -^.^^^ ^^When hisof Mr. Hiciaus, who replied that he irnlaw, might virtuallySlavery.^rm}t hio) \o ecgagelengthydebate.questionthing opposedprotection.Mr. DorGLAS denied seeking popular sympathy. Hewas said about the power of the when people,to aportion of this city. T^be public impression is. that taln his construction, and said that if a Territorial chairmanship of the Committee on Territories it itkind ofMr. Pcsa read over the speech of Mr. Davu to stis-theresolution, CLXHX78 would not add fuel to the fiame.Territory, they of the Senator from Alabama to criticise his Democ- without consulting him. He had no hand in this proposi- Various here sprang to thefr feet, ^sall-susceptiblewillingin sassailants were through he wotild reply to them in alump-Mr. Davib thought the Senatorto Mr. Sbxbhab, but had conceived draw his of order, war with great fury. Republicans looked Mr. FcoB—I did not know when I spoke. I do know him. As to going at them In a lump, he had better try personal hostility pending pointlead fell, and Interest and taxes swept it from their guerrillla now. to get through with one of them. It his duty to offer the resolution in condemnation ot Mr. SnvxsB, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.) repUtd 'Offt '. laads. But a better day Is dawning for Minnesota. on, deeply Interested in the gIa4iatoriy spectacle, Mr. Davis—I will say that was my Impression. The Mr. DoTJULAS would Institute no comparison betneen those who had Indorsed treasonable and iDSurrection* he was willing to take a vote on it lastaatly, aad on f-. She Is beginning to be a producer; heretofore she but were not astonished, as it was well Known that speech was addressed to the people of the Northern himself and the Senator, as to the modesty of their ary doctrines. He stood by the declaration that no all the pending propositions, withoat fuitherdabate.arae aoly m consumer, Kxni although immense amounts a number of masked batteries only needed a spark to States In reply to the oft-repeated charge of forcing l>earlng. He liad l>een assailed while lying on a sick man was fit to t>e Speaker who Indorsed Hblteb's Mr. WnrsLOw moved that the House proceed lb' voteThe discharge to-day was rapid and pro-put on it than that It was. In theotherbed, as rotten, by one who confessed rotteimess twelve'fter trooght cnly disaster and ruin—thus concW ,,',, , .•''fc >-'«a(-yaa will find these immense prairies and rich running through the entire proceedings, culminated fn more Intelligent than the Senator, If that was his con- that the Senator (Doeglas) had changed his views. mittee, representing Democrat8,AmeTicans, and AnU- ^ vABeys inviting fair and legitimate trade to their an issue between Messrs. CLAax and Haseots, which struction. They perfectly understood him, and put In 165U be voted for the Wllmot Proviso. He (Clat) Lecomptonites.,suggestingto the Slavery.He had no assaults to make onpeo- He had no fondness for controversy. His position^» vaaiHh of a Stale, and should be the Orst care of« Bto^veo^e.Giveas"freefarmsforactualsettlers," IntheHouse,somepersonalities,whichhadbeen (Davis)wotildsaythatheaddressedanaudience Mr.Clat,ofAlabama,'Dem.,)saidhewouldsliow whichseveraldaysagowasagreeduponbytheCom- hereafterpresentthesabsUtuteagreedont>ytheCom-ple of the Territoriestokeepout ofHewas purely defensive.andproposedthat the House the subitituto, adoptaaigflkiabood, and offering safe and justly profitable brought 'down the House and galleries. Ladles no such Interpretation on It. He said no sort of prop- would not have extended to him the right hand of fel- Mr. Clabe repeated he never would withdraw hiskaieatnmil for the surplus wealth of the older States. erty could be held under laws If the jtiries were op- lowsldp as a Democrat if he had not believed he had resolution or agree to any modification of it He was scene as that of to-day, either in public or laprtrate.,"'.-*' ben are generally not only men of intellectual satisfied such is not the fact. Yet the exhibition of means to prevent Slavery• akfllty, but also or stroagly-marked rescectabll- arms added interest to a scene which was now onefty a pecnltar arrangement (produced by want of crowded to the front seats, many exclaiming aloud, posed, and had cited the particular case of Utah.his views. His complaints of assaults and a not responsible for what had occurred concerning the He was standing four feet from Mr. HA8Xia.and whenmeets on the first of day" Let me see the lights'' so confident were they that achangedcombination against him looked like seeking popularthe latter addressed his colleague, (Mr. Baasai F.could do no better than follow the Senator's advice. He did not think the Senatoris gcnUemenracy. oppoliUoi^ tion. He hadncvcr heard of it except in the New-York ing out, " Mr. Clerk," " Mr. Clerk," wiablsg to bespeech to Territorial Legislature pass laWs to speeches to the efcct that he would t>olt the nomina- he cared very litUc for ItIMr. CLiaxss yielded to ansppeal from Mr, Xmaoasaying, as he took his seat that Mr. HASam ihoaUl beheld politically responsible for hts cogadoetembarrass the right of property In slaves tMr. PcOH-No, Irat you suggest the passage of no laws. He explained that what he meant was that Mr.tion of the Convention unless his man was selected The Senator, by his pronunclamento, had put himscll outside of the Democratic Party. If the Senator didwas furnished to the Press by the members who drafteJ the resolutions.Dams' speech was as inuchadvlce as was Mr. Doco- not extend the right hand of political fellowship, how- the Committre was formed.'(^.,)explained his ageacyhe would survive the stroke. If he happened Mr.to be nominated at Charleston, he would consider handed the paper to Jlr. IIareis. There were tenCommittee onhave been meant as a proclamation to the worldEome4hat excitedlyHe badwhen the outlaws dispersed, Coetixas, with 20 men,swimming the Rio Grande. 50 Mexicans were killed,fifteen Rangers wounded. All CoBmAS' artillery ment time and again In his triumphal march through Mr. Davis said be wished to tnow whether the Sen- Monday morning. There was but one copy of the anns l>e brought here.ottiett daytag air of that day was enjoyed in the morning, after-noon and evening, in company with two ladies, with treated, and a running fight was kept up for ten miles, that removal, and if he could, restore harmony, was cumstances, take the Chairraanshlp of any other by Mr. Clack, of New-York, and Mr. Riggs. Mr. self from insult, it was necessary to carry arma.Yonrs truly,Political.-»rwilling to resign his place, on that Committee or In the Senate. But the Senator had repeated that senti-would meet the Committee on When tbe House should liecome organized be would ask as a pledge of honor to the country that no tre-one hundredandcity. He had seen occasions when, to proteet hta-exceptonthisparticular He mittee,to becomposedof vatiotispatties.asaDemocrat,ator wished to make issue with Democratic Senators on this question or on all.Committee. For eleven years his opinions had been BO disqualification, and he did not see why they should be so now.Adkair was asked to attend, but did not do so, beingto no Democrattc-and,State8' rights princi-HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WA9Bcroro5, Thursday, Jan. 12.Oar WaahlagtoB THS FLOOB rBOM TBE<before the Court It would have been disgrace- of a most treasonable and Infamous character, and none of my colleague'sspanguedful if the Court had decided what wasWhenever the Territorial Legtslature passed an en-CoL^ ^ ^^ professesfriends said was a disavowal, yet be (Henstea) con-yesterday^ the nsme of Jqui Hicnuir, of Mt, SuSiUi of Loultlana,(Dem.,) moved that when actment prohibiting Slavery, the Supreme Court tended that It wae not a fair and candid disarownl o( nyiag he wanted to whaw ia-what poMoa hit col-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentladoraad himself in a .-naiay manner, which he has been calledsatisfactoryof on the other side, they should insist, as a^«akaupon the subject Until the resolutionwithdrawn, Mr.he appealed to every man to say whether he could say that when next be came to the Uonee te ident in hie Messageaddress to the Legislature ,and on this floor. He re-ferred to Executive dictation and the attempt to co- anymore. his double.barreled shot-gun with hlm.^friends of his should have thus acted on liisGiLMin,of North Carolina.(Am.,)rail he haiwho made thements. He intended to lay bare all attempts to dodgewafofDavqwob, Louisiana, (Daaa.,) «cusses there were men lying down in the gallerieslistening, and then publishing the proceedings, but unless he was unjustly assailed.was the Committee- He was astonished the man next day to see the proceedings in the Herald. Theproductiveness to inquire. Mr. RoBissos,:Mr. Clabe replied that he never stated anything but the truth.Mr. Abbais said that Mr. Clabe did show him the lesoiulion, and he ga^e his assent to it.Mr. Clabe replied he would not have said so forthe Capitol full of gold, for It was a confidential conver- sation which drew such a statement from the genUe-Mr. Ad&ias rejoined he would scorn to violate theconfidence reposed in him by his friend from New- adoption HicKiLAa as the RepubUcaa York. It is not likely, howevar. thafhe wSl )» iUr. Hasxu, still OB the floor, ^tdMlAA load tone,of all thedispose pending pnpodtfoaa,tocould thereby be advanced.Mr. Habsib asked whether Mr. Snnat woald with-Mr. CLXBXtie, as a member of the Virginia ddega- tion, said be hoped never ag^in to witasaa ladi aiUr. Hill of Georgia.In the Committee which prepared the sabstitotCkMr. Haseir rose, saying that he regretied the scene which had taken place.Mr. BrBMETT of Kentucky, (Dem.,) would object to the genUeman proceeding unless he woold say be would not indulge in personal reflections.Mr. Habeim reidied that he did not so intend. The genUeman from Virginia had alluded to the faet thatfortection while passing through this sometliaei vMeatdiscoarteoas aad lad to excitement, desired simply to (ay that haas a mem- ber of the Committee, expressed his surprise that itaalluded to thethings would sometimes occur, aad proposed, now that general peace prevailed, that the House adjourn.tines toeyes" describedexcitingSuchMr. Sexbhax to be a man of fairness and be caador,Interpreted his reply to Mr. Miluor, several weeka ago, as a full and distinct %vowal of tbe sentimentascenes of theiid "Udless dragaa-he www.fultonhistory.com£^ IVaf itr'