«BB MSW-SHOIOkMB BnUKBg._ ^U," was aeastaatly rapaatad befiwa fltem, BBtMaeaa Hw Joawaymaa. inrgeltlni fta tepissisdetallr, I caanot tktaik lie ageaas aU ha wvitaa shmt•iaiBtBh«—»B»»aH>»In—mWrit* slatseftrade, fartotdDv kis aaptom^""daam,WIU adnuMKrptrttT, Mr. Co:rest*^ml1sliiMBa4wkera9»ale*B la M«w«Bsctaad—UMten *t Iitbbregardless pcor living, toTialoos ofannul. oKDOs, vo. m., Aamaar-aiaaaAi,'* „ ..AsaiBa(sa,Bee.st. inh Ihe Mlewlaceeden fce<indflem theWar Wit, ara raSliatwd (or the iaiwmstiaa aad•IMea.SSoi ^""'*" SBeeatedip. eCset ta afary easa to my keawl-said:"This Is the eoniffllaa tbat afslr* hev<ther (•t»-Blanlketai«» •<M AsiiHi|l>aa:sKpo<*il«B%Wi»p>e^la pablicai Cooits, to b(MNsiit Pns, Ddafesasraer Wm sad gunS Mormon aotborlMes. '— — reaato PtwcMBlaa 19,000•otWehng doe. notoollUteafbey frequently The1 thlok Xaaad a aew pair." So, jaa see, sboea come up be-and one and allstrtet*. Here they were met l>y crowd* of their behalf.tbeir felloKS, who with them would stuntpreaebera'Ata t^ofelaoet eoaitastlj, and bad I no other reaion, itaalf;wouldwanastmeInlayingeomethlngSeveralNew-Yorkers ar.dhavegonefurtherEastsaofcciprtMlaas.BotUthai ssllajsi,i__ I,aw af 1RS7—BxHaaatary liecter frmm Ured by tkeC<«rt ia their rodlet, Ih«B the!Mr.Bejaiear»lb Me fduer ^ Ms from-Ttrt neus:•ing that a Union Sabbath School—a ualoa of the chil- f^aaal Appaiataseala—The 0«atra«tla| Beard "knowugU." asReetOeatiaaef Act 1*1'My iTinee ere 'mo«t ^ne.andhis benchandshop,8TATB POLITICS._Ksaaas,yeraicioas.(aallrTroa Oar Ova OoRMPondnit. SMiaou Rocas, Ltbh, Mesdir. Utreh 19, 1880. r<S«>wdidI come to write iboat aboei? Why,k!MiTif«r«nri,(MreBaT«lL Amoii(tkellnt«Uag« I^ttlak of, erci7 d«T of mrUfa, >n i>7 iboM,*!!!! IwiHi iilarly the left one, whiek hu for a week or teaevening AOITIZSKg'Altlhatla heeded here are sood men wha will taketheleadIn tteCfeurekes. A caaihu misii^lssadMtr llkt ^n'l&i"^'^' siMt^sii^Mtoa. SSfS'alll^teea gmoat Vm aew of, uid which moet oamnr- U what we aeed. *ay the leader*, so bras* band* andthere now is. Thestruck himwould not hare bseo as now we saa•«• China, are continually maUng aboei and boota with finiehed^*• Jh«Wetoek.foUyorleties Bi,d Individual Chriitlana decide this. When churclies ate rnce started they wlU aoiabe*tracting Board. Bv ameadiog the act th* psver »en»e of the epeelOeatlea.^^'^ thSiikalhar and or cloth, aad aeadlnf them orer hereof 's thrown back It appears, moreover, that the tppeintment on Ihe Canal Board eagraeale,then in the Benaie. that he shoald aid io pass-leg the bill ttroegh that bodv. In this way tbe Coa-tracticg Board was created, Oil Situocs permitted to riolatee and the penalty inenrtad. appoint hit asslstaati. and tbe Democrats and Ameri-stated la i oseleaa to the iiiiiesiiiHsa. aa>give., ezportattoii, fbr while we are recelrlng (or- Ihe reply was unjust T. 2;on trialcaanot be eonrieted *( aa1 Aesa for hoae oonaamptlon andexporta-idiiliarent, jtbote plessedTJedce Cradlebaegh,afofouroaamaketo foreign eoontriee, have l>eenFarmiac-Msral Oaadltlaa aftka Faapla-„Board. AstheBepnblicaoB had not a majority in the Thnnffsiimi ilhaiasa.Aelatie Sosria, Soaetan Poeaeiitona, Weit tnrtmlent it was resolved to work no • meetings—OmuptndcAf tf Iks Ntw- tirk nets*....,-1. 'rtffJahlie, Mew-Granada, Taaezoela, Brazil, Argeatlne which Mapablic, Chili, Pern, China, Sandwich lalaodn, and ruledapplied bythe CourtSs aay ether" *>li>Hlliiai whale-taheiles In all parts of the gljbs. JkJpt wlfca we notice the immense qaantlUe* that arebng," I am infiuesced toThus,pire h*lf way between the Atlantic and PacificCoasts, completing the great outliae of our eooatry's history,-the remainder being mere detail.workingers went for their 'amiilea, or to settle their businesstown, taking for hisIthink of the 30,000.000peopleat homeiiiniae|lailsflamtrat least three of ahoea each palraforced hare tills somewhat notorious act it is really so erroneous byreastnand an'borlty,year, aportanee of the boot and shoe trade rites Inbeea reBeatMKr expoundediathegeDeialorderseftbearmy. AsiattiI Ttaw aaloniabingly, and CTery one wiU sty,death, starvatioa, prison, or possibly the drunk- Trade-stiikes are usually Impoiitle, andin fact tbat I feel calledapon,lato the Hon. War Department orders No*. 7 and 8 of<* VltVaaare correctyea do well to write, uponseriousIn my report to the Legislature upon tiie Caaals of rf the Court The l>>UTt, overraliag tha;always end.visibly, yet surely,in the discom-the beginning—undoubtedly men and ViBaa wore ahoea soon after the ezpuUion of AdamI^ftegfaatliBeafrom keeplengthy argument In favor of giving the appointment Id ofEngineersandSuperioteadentstotheStateEa- TheDepartiaeDtdeslre*Itmaybeoadervtoodtkatiie Garden of Bden, but nothlof is with haif-a-dozm childrai to;sarypioefa,tibeexbibiteiitoCourt*-martial.\file io the bureaus he-e, may be prooassd h^ apallaaflaBrf tbeto the Judfi^-edroeate army.-toaWB ia regard to that onttl we come to the time ofmay feel interest enough In them to publish a Before proceeding to his discourse, I, however,MM;aly believed that the richness of Ihe quartz is unpar-alleledextremely well permeated with gold, andreport.tbe people actual management of the canals.of Um we read in the fifth Ter» of the thirdpreparatory totatrfer of Ezoans, that on approacbtag the buralog "properto remarkthat conversation with thewu Comptroller, Canal Commissioners..By order of the Secretarr of w*r,Fat off thy shoes from Cthy ftet, for tlie place whereon thou stindeat ia feUrtmnnd." Ttila was 1,4B1 years before the birth MCIai>t,aadS,3Sl years ago. Ills not to be sap- 1 that Moses had pump aoled giilera, such asis poasesslagbosh, the Lord said to him,OOTmodem bat he legislators,solute and unconditional repeal of the organic act-blotting the Territorial Government out of existence—are alien enemies outlaws, denying tbeir allegiance and defying theauthorlUes of the VnlUd Sutes."The Judge opened his speech by (peaking of thetatareata aadThe simple statement of the lad that than ananioobted.y strong snbstaatlal bottomi, ware fastened on his feet by strings tied around MllliHes Howererthatmaybe,itIsanundoub*.ed ftatlkat great impronments hare beea m\le since Uam,mithat a greater rariety in style and price wuf aaw IM foond than in the ancient and moreSariftoral daya.laU New-£og1aad and Middle SUtes, and to aextent In the Strathem and Western States, mmaaofacturing of boots and shoes is carried oc.for the ajqiointment of>'tprovided perintendents byEngineersnadals,haTlo^theBoard.to Mr. Sicklis, who was then a:composed and Stateof theOmctAk^m^•laallie business Is most perfectly systemttiied and bed. Tbe Aldermen flew around like files In an In-I then called upon Mr. Tbitxlow Wsis, who, aftersidered, it is not to be wondered at that tbe Mormons hastily reading the bill, said he did not approve of class composed? What is tlie sodal, mr^sl. aartlabiacaied more li^oroasly in <tie Eastern paction, waarU confine oortelres to tlut tier, at presentverted tumbler, and the Police, though able and effi- cient, having no one master, ware completely demor-chinery.special legislation for party purpoaeM^ and he fearedspiritual eondlUoB of this great mam of hwsaa beicgB !—are of the deepest intereet To any iThere are many firm; who maoufactuie simply—atheiawho manufactoie and sell to retail as well as chuckled in their sleeves. Ambitiousplaceras those of the same character inprovea as richbnt wsrant of the Mormons do not know what treason isbat we ran classify them qiile The anmbers in each branch, after careful inresti'of ereaaoguine finding them, long—in fact, tbs responsible for their acts. If Beigbsm his.%» wtolesala bousesMfiyanderthe two general heads of Manufacturers aad Dealeia.from,wefindtobeasfollows. IntheStateof Kanabctarers. Dea'trs-troops, armed with their butchernew-Hampshire Tarmeot HaaHusliiisttts. Bbode Island, about. ConnecticmIM SOS .562 13S 374 Il3 B82 681 20 48 ._M0 218 2.151 1,733Prophethurled anathemasdlUon snd of a prospectswhom we speak, aad alsoprovematt ttv eleaily;outYoI;^a,TotalFrom such a host of manufactories, all of u-bom are cat would make hash of awithin three ;iniles of Colorado City, which ia slt- uaud at th elmmedlaie base of I>lke'£ Peak.Mr. ganized—under the names of " Young Men's 4imagine «hat a vast quantity of wearables oust bs no settled purpose, and, though they bro'ie a head orof SiCELXSwas absent at Washington, and during his Many of our people are making extensive prepara- it with contumely and insult Such was .Mjrmon absence tbe discussion of tbe bill in the Senate as-^•B5do^fl^brVe.dt'he'm7f ^ ^""^ble frames and acute Intellects are being wreckedsatuially think that the young men were pledged te nicated to yon by a corresoondent In Utah. Respect- certificate would have been good and luSelent if It isi'hce and object knoten.'As aaaiUimative these werethink three months ahead-to imagine tlie entanglements debt,pspersin tbe woald do wall -to canntryjsantMlIba week went on:taek he did notneed,accepted, and for awhile capitalist spent bis money forIa fact it is much more easy foraaanally sent off.that tlie number of boxes of shoes must exceed so the officers were around, and to a'tack single and de-naay thousanos. than It is for the writer hereof to fenceless men rather than a well-trained and disci- ascertain the exact number, or La fact to get at any plined band.such was Mormon such wasof such an organization in our ownnutter. lUctntly, certain matters have transpired which hSTe loospned my tongue, and liencefortli I will lilde nothing (or chiilty'ssaUc.but glre all I can —good,bad,andiadiaerrnt—tothepublic,llu^ougUthe cciumns of ihe Nxir-Yoax Times.Tbeie are mar,y tbiogs dally happening in connec- tion with this trouble, which the Boston and local pa- pers do not notice. Some because they sympathizewith the one side or the other others be- antiielf ;canae they woull thereiy impair their circulation, and others ftom the more generous moUre of klnd- Bzss, which leads thtm to ttirow the mantle of char. Ity OTer ignorance, presumption or folly. This was well enough at first, and would be so now had not the tronbka been so magnified, increased audpressed a decided and well-matured belief that Iholeaders and continuer.s of theso troubles were ac-tuated bv no good moiive. 1 showed bv brlefbio- lour,d in great abundance In the Immeniat:: vicinity of not to punish, as Ihey ardently desired, tbe enemies w Ithout Mr. .SicKLZa' vote.l>y outside Interference and political tinkering, Ba*ment, and at tbe meeting held last Friday evening openly indulged In, both night and day. In the lower moi s were naked and almost starvingand ence to the appointments tio be made by the (;ontract-<nowto their readers, and owe to tftelr own reputation, to make a full ^nd thorough Inrestlgallon of the trade' the strise, the strikers aud the leaders. If they be' Here the distance betveen the employer and his workmen is needlessly increased by artful dema-and Ing Board, and there we'e verv few hange* made Init seems tone that the papers of Bostoa owethey determined toscra-rh out the of the eyesvant representative of the Ttmes, and to watch here- which variousbut nowThe room circulates freely among tnem. Treason is lucky and tjie Engii eer Departmei.t, during my Administration, lion, have ehargeof the devodonal meeting held egogues, let thsm say so boldlysome of ihetn are doing, their candid opinions, and no longer encourage by extended notices and embel- llfbadaecounts,menofwhose.acUonstheydisapprove aadwhoae oltlmate fate to a certain extent lies in tiwtr bands.•he who Is literally, and In nodepencent upon her daily labor for bread, who has nothing laid by, who has ni friends to look to In time of trouble or d istress save companions who are sharers ofherpoverty—Kust8otthe,whenarrayedaKalu!<t her employer, soon yield? Can she hold out ? If shehonor ft r tbe second ? When thisvortex, to make first inaugurated by tbe present Admlnistratinn, t>e-more effective oy its passage.As to tbe policy of its repeal, have nothing to sav,;It wilt do no harm, and may inform more thoroughly. If I give a brief sketch ofWilli thehis exit minus his bag of gold, with not enough left to comes better established, food citizens had better buy a postsgestanip to put on a letter written the keep a sharp look out (or traitors.TBI ETBJKX IM LTHV, AS I Sl.W IT.Tfca bosses, or manufacture's, found theauelves with fn I warehouses, and stores lined with boxes of Prudence saidhaps It would be more easy than profitable to prove n the asserticn.law. An unpunished Insurrectionary movementCarreeden af an Errer.Foar YAscotrvxs, W. T., Feb. 9, IMO.lb tke Editor of tk* Vm- York Times :I have just seen in your paper of nee. 30, 185D,an erroneous statement in reference to and myself," i«n-yourboat!, ahoei, gaiters and slippers.HOyniRIT AMOKO TBI WOITIH.iaigeiy."mridetheexperimentof admlnis'erlng the law in Ut^h,Gireeutnomo.e work until have youofI believe are more cons^entlous in their Itlteyactions, and more thoughtful of the funirethe laws, he said :Each of the present judges hase>ery dsv In our City.The Association bas recently decided to makedisposed sagacity, experience and foieihought echoed the ad rice, and the thoughthave dene me thisthese goods business Caution,It appears a* natural for a Mexican todoss for a Dutchman to drlx.k la(er-bler. Woether on beipg irapanneled, would go through the forms of knovcmgly,'' I inclose you General Order No. 28, of thfin of their busii;e&8 character, and by lavttluwas almost made the rulecharity suggested the terrible fate which would befallthis year, from the W-.r that Department trustingei,d roemt«rs of the local Church AsteoPlet them express, a^figurative sense,an<l Is drawn into th«strange doctrine,tbem.The Lecture Committee arrange for tbe deUrery Ofthat ''it IS bad policy to Ucislnte sp'eialftf for party oermons to young men, and also for lectures.when brotherly love and means of support should be takenthey succeed as well lathey do with their own class, Iwitli Americans as am not aware. It hasbusintss. hut do optiilng, while murders and otiierfelonies abounded as thick as blackberries. Wnenwarrants are l.^sued for the parties accused, they get cainot be arrested, for the entire Courch and tbe vice,the workman if hisIrom him,—and their advice was, " Keep onand in sotreated with as much deference as any of our molt tbe offender, Witnesses are prevented by Church The certificate referred to was a mere recei>» for teemed by every one possesiiigIL ItU coaeatalbv"«d- The good overcame the^.tTM M 'k** ^V'"^' '}"'' *°»''i '"•« butwouldshare the suffcriagsof theirwas correct those coiipectfo with tbe AssoelsSen ttiat it has nait dtfaoto'°''moral men.rendered,juries refuse to find bills tbe only error being in classification, which was as since its organization always kept to Its I;there,many thing*whichingamblingDeltgateshelp remember "''"''l «•'•» «» bo remember-Sums of the are gamblerscoioniunitv unile in concealing and pro'ecting;!5f»'Si'ehaiitr overcame jusUce, and it was deUrmlned bytheweak,givebreadto the andhungry,'"' .tateofVecase f;Ur,but not reimmerHtlve wa.e.two olficers, (cabin passengers,) and tigUg-seven sol- by the Indian's firewater. A stranger here would session of his Court at Provo, as heretofore commu- diers, laundresses, &c, ^steerage passengers.) ThetheFee how quick tliey can kill thamselves ing the presence of the military. In aid and protectionhad been so written, for ail that It was necessary for•T«. If it land, them^here they*uk aad dluaal abode of exp„,S-e a,?d I*General furnishedcertificate totempu Gladly did they see tf.o scowi Of the dliaatisfiedperilte.andtbestrikerscent too llrtle, nor tbe smallest a cent fraction ofthat hebydrlaUng oftheCourt,he,someto maks the Qasrtermaster to know (who wu thethey ean thns, by fljeh-ownlere; his workmen wrought theup matcrialacause, for there poor girls.CciitnsegWhile this (the tnvesligaUons belore the Court) was going on, all the leading Mormons from SalthUmtftOfttatpdor pay rather than starve and cause sufTering latic"ulars,:party made anythingand were wilUng. Uke men, to make the best of it;both were In aWarm days began to come occasionally ;oS« I i»i„"nmagnificent headed tbeing two or three days.steerage passengers, sn- public transDortation.the certificate was wriltenM, !»«•conrane* for the departMat aCa bird *«UdwUstla a Cheery triU, the boys got out theirthe.ene. Their coursewasnaturallytnecause strangeof some remonstrance, but a navy revolver In thewith Ihe murders,men who> eretltled toPaiscstoa, Wednesday,place of Ms usuUSth!ei""'':S' air, Jut^^o!,: oouimng-room. The opportunity was e.g^rWI believe there Is no place en the Continent where rate, $0,000- good, plain, sensible pteaehing is as much needed asadjourned.ministration then Issued that let-l.ut^»»lnhand,inwtthadirt.e.rtened ca*c"•'^'' »' "le same"' '"»• Thlais a lowestunate-made in my•mbrawdtototrodueeone of thoseand was was recently revived"V^ Under-Secretary el th»""'<=''•"'"' ""yothers !fvT-^JS*K?"""^' of" '" bard cart, but as enthusiasm. I fear it wIU avail but Utile.'"" f "88 OF LTH.\I. .., . , fav,,V''',t;di;ln^.?s*Gen.JoHSsruir. S'lrely Ifby bitter enemy, and was one ofcle by Mr. Batman Heilvale,Coloaial Department, glvlag some eurious latssa^ ing details respecting Lord gljfg-lli«<Mlgte, ha* done us no and good,onlv m onljthev hare Itprosecutions which cannot always be guardedgrowlag feeHsg of dl^satisfacUoa between the work-^.•"liS^"* "I'on'tslandit," was whUperedby order, iervairt,in bto wBUib ear.-"wsnTi., Eil.or, gan-We ssbstsatutethe General Ordersstated by- >-.help supportiheOoTecaataattBdonaiOaa.U'Untitled DocumentyourreadersIn shame,or dte ofare more thoroughlylost that wholesome fearof the Governmerit wtdctievil, or ratherhour of rest and for is fice ssre held every necessary of Ufe.ofgambling aad drinkingforciblyupon te8t:mony the most conclusive, for most of thecrimes have t>een eommilted by the order of the tmitnpoTtant one, as you will see when I explain.work, but Ihe experteooe ofthe psat I«"« depecdents.la'tewferance naturally accompudss andkeeps pace Manywhiah, tlsef>ihiess. _might furnish foud toor that each one Ishowever, pre as to tke course of Gov.and Wsixs came down and were about. hangingAbout the same time His Excellency tne Governor, CiUMnoa, got down, and be was hanging around t>iacity ronsulBngit,byito^raUv .n^^".",*'; """are—order;keptjust, eracicertificate the" iet them see that without you''»'"•one who means well;•aotltet round"T,'grourdst Ths sileetiea of the attart^'^'f |',;"'next meeting of the Tituttaaa, in June." We hear," says the PtiHithert' Circular,pernicious cus.affafr Th?7TM"" ,=«=*»»1'7 spenteetiing up thetook tbe that 1 riad no positionmake no rightto foster thein ,l„tl ,^*''work,gad-evitable suffering, which a D«rtlstenca la tills ittlksMespeelaliy eoiameaded to fba":X-^^!^ p?f''gjj[^-r-?^ of ctaaetiDeBeee, is hanted oo, step% step, to Bfke 1^ fiaal plnge ftomUs tatckand ahi, polidoal ^a ia tkis etty aad•r«m* Waaandcheerandwavetheirbrimlessrroaihetaa(*a*.aad*'it asnainlbatlhl1t^jM**et|^. -^ ^..~ ,V.value, aSTiulB&SMSteliKsdIiHMt artOil •• fl%u|K»tka coaTinead, and by tbctr presence gave a solidity siul a temper to the TBcUlatlBg many who at the outset were deluded and carried oifcapliTe. Busy a* bees the leader* flew aiontid ; at fint a small ro«o oontained the disaffect-aMtt ketwj^ ttSw tttotb«ChTMna—CldseB»> Mcetias—Some Fecaca- temrter dlsplayiiit liefbre UVTle^bBs > detsrmlsMdisessedthe combinatioas(l*baragaiB*teap(taI,andare|dBgfila4^«setail'.. - VaaOaraannaT, Dee. n,iMiLu^lS'.^'^l'*'*'*' >a the Vepanasat eC Oce(«a.lamost seasiUe ereDof the workerswe'ebas baea itost building up personas.ed, then a larger, and thenbecame the ground on which the mas* meeting* of hurdrcdsandof thonsaoda were held. ExoitemeatJS^^^th-^i'''""'.,'*"'""""TM" •"•« «be firstBUaOAT BCBOOUand caimot be over- sympathv is almost universally in &vor of the opera-eaoft who bad aattcleateSbecoming convinced that Pike's Peak 1* net a haai- evening addressed the citlsens of this, hi* native ktck their heels in the cold. Now to a 'rip the Stale En-the street or field openwill probatly be a revoluiion, and It will be aeeessary lmuac^hXt^ro"uIb*,le""as"P'Pe"therewouldnotban> Auraila,bbaervedtbesehnlar*atplayduringreeees. eloxataegnndreadtethdisibiswretchpedrdoponlitocythtehseere,Moifrimtobnadtraniott-nataralmanufacturers or their workmen ? Publicoperates by bylaw*,"spoilsthe workmen on and on from step to step, until they bring up face to face with some of Uncle Gradgrind's ticta, suchumn* of tiiespeelfleatloD, moreover, must be apprepriHe la'Itives and, this encouraged byfact,goAlthough this statement is in accordance with (he eharse. n filn nrrrflrstiilinnlBgenerally-received opinion as to the true history of TheJaBt and neoesiary rale of law la this msSlsr^i*asard's RUtler.Bccha5as, in regard to that anforta- He furthermore took thisthe letters which wrote to Jauss Bucaxsx* in reply to the letter of Judge Bucx, which was so freely c]fculated to the worid to his prejudice with- outlep'y. Ihavethoughtthatyouandyourreadersjustice leK. aail No. lewi. U^H^, a.iS Davoi E. SicKixs as well as myself, to correct it 18.It notfiture of the strikers. Have they the means of rap. port for themselves or their families whde Ifiag Idle T On the contrary, when at work, they find it difficultairing SncLAia and heVeryiTregalartties apeear ia tiie fsoal andgether, and a cesration of emplovment places themgineer and Canal CommlssioDers, who were aloae, ofall the State-officers, held responsible by tbeat once in circumstances of and poverty,It is general-renders them immediate supplicants for aid and charity.forThe Contracting Board, as then^- ^.J"^ "^S°'But baying determined not to work themselves,they tesolye to prerent others from working, aad pro- ceed toACTS or TIOLIHOl inthestreetstadsquareaoftheircity. Certainman ufacturers having need of a peculiar style of *hoe, and fiudisg no one wllllog to do the work at boms," Anwerecompelledtosenditoutoftown,toether*who browncolor ;I bubmitted tbebillyoung men,lislaeea .ttwwerewillingtoliveandletlive. Thi*exaaperated—having probablythejours,andtheleaderscounseledviolence express ;cart* were waylaid on the public street, their con- tents were strewed upon the ground, and the drivers beaten and maltreated by the cowardly gang, who were willing by hundreds to attack one. The city was in an uproar; the Mayor, who hasn't the pluck oftxen boint IsIn some cases where theitcarefully,and let me knowwhether he would adFsuiAsso, retiredpublic life and fainted on hisalized. Mobsranged tbe streets and the leadenI told him that I did not wish to make it aengagedminglingchape poured their sanctums, and said now and then a word to the masses, but did not com- mit them*elves by overt acts, and while tbe deluded workmen were winding thcnwelve* in the meshes of the law, the cunning ins'jgators were planning their own escape from the consequences of this unruly action. About this time brother ilur, Deputy Chief of Police in Boston town, came downareSiiuthParkandBlueRlruDlstrictspromiseremark-ably rich. Another season^iU solva the myatary. ItIs reported that a nugget has been discovered wortk(I,'2(i0. The largest one that lam persoruUiy aware Mormon captains were at ttie head of their •f having been found here,ps worth (140. while the Danltes werebodyto-t» ygp-^goifc mmm, ttdtttMl* Jtodi ti, ttit.jlpMr wife esd three reipoB(tblUUe>, aU of whom sun warmed the ekiilr air, and made all places com- when Rtv. Mr. Dirrsa Introduced the colored gen- ia the country. Oa learning there wu notkeJudge then read qaitaaavberof extracts X.effee' as aeqaittal. aad ther^t.,fonable, the Industilotu as well as the droae qolttsdsltloa was gladly listened and the to,preeeafs1. It La potaecessary ia milltaryoaargeaiear^^i^^and who, It does ieem to me, ere con--- points whiefa the "»»~i^^«fliem.Bat theie are other reasons. I find Oiat people in lis man ca the throne, and Capital humbled. Com- • hat is more, they will continue to come, and South- Every week adds to tbe number, so that tlie first Sab-'^ontofoftie New-Voik HCTTifiTs bluf ter to the contraryani The week the cuml>er reai^hed fifiaan. succeedingeffeet sadloatiaad, Canada, Franca on the Atlantic and inloim Ihera that after a certain date, the 22dof •*e, we will goPebmafy, tliay most pay higher prices, or hava 9naBt on the Mediterranean, Caba, Sardinia, no more vork done. The Committee wasthatvereJobn Brown affair is all formed In connection with the achool. One of tneCoBtraetlag Board law of 18ST makes the follow-koew^the, oarttacats wss. tals*. Tfcea did be -iraw'^fanada, Brazil, the Bandirlch Idaadi, and bnt kmdly met, Hsit CaABs. or deter Ibem from eeliing to me—lait rail. The oaly paitUcalwai firmly told that while their atore* were leadedpktroz.age «bi> h that movemeotthrew liigotthespeciaeati B.ltSBStahiBthsol ____ Into ttiQ haa-ls .-It would betuiei* to pay a higher and a losing price, and while it)*was marnes* in the jour, to quit even a little for Ua hU of«T tka eeoalzr are doing the nme notbiog, It wai tlioughtlets and tmkiad in him to de- —wlag and sUtebinc and pegging away at mand what be knew his employer could not affordThe cliizena here have another meetiog on Tues- coii.e ieif-suppertina. Two years a^ro rellgloiis so- where lt„w»s originally. The bistorr of this Ooa. eaunt waa oorreet and true ;day, I ttUiik, and rare sport is anticipated, growiog cieties in Eastern Kansss were supported by Eastern traeUog Board law s peen<lar. When the Amwl- '« 'A''.f'"*J^v» •"* •o'dter. Ibe Cenrt Uaa b^ out from tbe Buffum-Joa«elyn affair. Pax vtb'tcum. friends. Lsst Fall the Lawreeee Ba')bath S~hool **"' '" Col' Silts Sstatios nntKlhough tbey asaln a-i ezseaalra penaltrtand wear. Then, asaln, I Ond that peo- t't"lH"jl '" toahoea by thonianda of palra, we are also tka answer beenMTlMtobi? iia__^ FBOn PIKK'S FBAK.The aas «er of tlte Iwsse* was at once com- municated to the worlunen, and who will *ay tiiatschool.X.Utah,aa Life to': partylonger, Baabarf, England, Canada, BrliUh Poakee- but to strike and compel by force the saccnmbing ofDemaad tmr OleriymeB.Senate, Cot Siiaona arranted with Dasiil E. Sicxlss. cannot risorttetbe sath article to evade the aShSt whowas elesofwar.ortotapelraehargeBetsatriaL blslBoadurai, Africa, Aaatralla, Cuba, Porto Rica, theBhyii. Capa-de-Taide lalaada, Mexico, Central Re- fact, that theHow little do they understand theof labor and demand i* oneMarcheesantri to iailesle IftheasedlS,capitalist. questionDsivn,Believing that the people in tbe States are fitstMarchJudge Cbadlkbaooh, of Utah Territory, lastfact, to oat the offence point legalWho wlU believe that, Itadthe lea'lers would Ne one. So in wild aadPIkr'e Peak IfaMIere—New DiseaTerlee—PvepafattaaaOsrOtORMON AVFAXaS.both.ices, recogalitng the il.^t of eachof theAdnuaistiatloa says. If tha atmy Is removed there--'^^^^•The WarenUtM theaeoosed to an seqilhil^idSSti.,•tiibStng eonoidered Mawr^^^riSrikZaealberortho manuSSaS^i^o^o^i^T basiBai*-«Bd medtt wmbriakness.Najw WtsaheUesaTtetadof-s<gS^agreatUn Frluayat which rew>loitoB*wereedge. IB Sasterndecomposed, leaves thequartz porousand of a darkthe that ^upon ground theyandContractingSena'or from New-York, and asked him to examineorer ens hundredages of fifteen and forty, hi the City of New-Task, toIThursday,8,I860.CiaciiTou, Ohio,17,IS'O.there wasoarty l!."n^'n '4'f/'r?,'?'^':.*J'""'''«8ratificatlonto e.- at themilitarywas ihi^l^- thepttsw. Tk*^strike and geDtly insfnaattair that If ItmniFO,adopted avmpathlzing withithas thattbe Isat been deelarsd Territorywere in town oa Saturday, Orders from the Sor.tb come in regularly, in spitedrenofboth-wouldbebellitbefollowingSabbatll. Theappotat- ed time arrived, and with It came twelve scholars."'_snmed in that Territory, aod I fiad rrea aow, al-*etrtalofUT^T^'^'ftr***P''*t»»'' ia regard taala»il\ Kblefe«n ,*2o:hahtetthbeerreefweree qcauliltedenaotutghh* Mr. Bcrrm brought in the darkey qnesUoa, and to fotrbmeat8hatbt>alh schoolt-; banner* are beard and seen at the corasrsof the Mr. JoesiiTi. rebuked him for It : It seems to iKHiw of Preachera Fisaaaors, tbe testilts them."atDepsrtmr is at ophHoB that tluae iMIMQ ptoehee lad orampt me. Then, too, I hire > though aad ABauiras,and Inanlr- streets, sad as the genial rays of an UDiiraal March "J n** *«• i?"*"» "»len with great pleasure rd if there was a Sabbath sehoel already organisedTbefrom Mormon setnwns, ia proof of Us isasrtlea at tatleman on tbe otlieT side of vioua meetlrg.t<re ~ :slwlBBSI|,'' or "wHUajRw^aer- Hor. JonK Patacsand ethers addressed the meet- vicea guaranteed. The assistance of D. C. Coiusa turned off their lap- stone anO went into the ing, oompllmenUog the (brtker* aad ttrginsr aid in and others was inlisted, and a notice publirtied stat-tin question at a o'^re-posed that one he farmed Imaedlttely.Tnls casedaeirea tu bare prxeriy nsfasteedSBii Hii aeeelttea erthieftSetT'TiattoM.aaborc, Bremen, Holland, Belgium, KoKlaad, mittees ware appelated to wait upon the bosse*, aad ern buyers will do, as one from Teimersee said to m« hath School in the Rocky Mouatalns Is now la a most tbe act of tbe Legislator* just passed, repesling tbs matter r-f <<oaM- They find that the sseaii I dM **schemers usfoided thethe inieetaea. latiats, tempting ptctuteasone of the the work-very lui'ny, hut I would be a d—d fool if I'd allow:Kood faith. t« the Imt of hUkaewladc* "Thli act nnlltflra the result of the 'BalaBoeot In such igseisaee aad aisregard •( what Power movement of made Iheoertiflcateanaot of bedfalthfrhat to keep me from buying roods from Jo NaAX. or''*la the maaufac- Pop?" [He meant me when be sala Pop "]At Haverhill, tbey are hiring a grand sulke, and I will send vou im account of It.probably in my next.Iqulty increaee Io the ame ratio t L.et the missionary of ibe LeiEocratrwas tbat in the potMialon of the Coa- Coort DM.Uvethe charge, aad thersfec* *•af Hambac-Oharaetar thaAddreee afIhe CaadltleB af Fabllo aad liectal Utah.OsrreqwadeMS^Ostftt-ToriTimet.;legalmeaalag ef anah IIiIimMormooism. tionofthingsInthi*iBtere*tlngregion—thenewBo- posesomeoftheresultsofthepolicyoftheadminis-the col- a statement of tbe actual condi-give them, tlirongbsnbjectnant party the law is repealed." uilsliiiHai L,Last Fall ourby the return of miners and others to tlie Btateav to make preparations for coeslng out another season olthIncreasedfacilitiesfor themines oth*the advantage ofcrushedThe charaeterlstioEngineer,preparedAct to en-populationconsiderably deareasedthe State, for the 1856, I made a yeartakes by the defence, admit for the iirBtniieUM « somewhat BtatementsnotBwarnto andontheqaestloneffoipermanent residence.even In Califonla or Australia. Thebeisg very easily remarkably porous nature.owing to at-Springfield, IlUnois, of June 12, ies7. He thinks that the appropriate course for tlie Administration tolargetr,aciing Board," which,cations in the manner of letting the Canalitsfeature of tbe Pike's Peak(or lodes,) is owing to the quarts having been im- pregLBted with iron pyrites, wldch, becometiesldes some makingTHEOBKUTIANASSOCIATIOKaNaeeaeittea af Oar •. Taaacgold bearing quarts leads, baringliave pursued would have been to procure"the ab-modifi- repairs, and Su-hence the term"burnt honey-comb quartz." The tlieery of itsOur or gulchmines havenotshould insolently rear its crest in Utah. The igno-this bill would be considered to that openobjection.generally appliedto iterroneous.pyrites predominated.ItHe didmand tbe contideratiOB of every thaagtatM,gent, and Christian mind. Even tbe meat iobserver of tlie formation of society must be awara af theItietld* of buman aiEsirssnd Christian, tbe questions—Of what eleaeai* it flMiquartsconstituted,a. COOPXB, Asslatant-A^jatsat-OeneraLa sort of pay dirt"yieldedIn the space of four days an of average deiiy yield(IM 60—Me product of tkt pafiirt eniy, the quartzhaving been thrown aside awaiting the arrtral of ma- are disloyal to tliis Govemmant and that treason_^ large bodymostetartiBiscompletely decomposed, leaving onlyHe then turned his at- ; alloftermedThe writer knows of one claim wtdch hasgiarel, usuallybygreatInffaencesuch a ;miners "right;that,if theRepubli-Cailfoiaia,moreThe season has been milder than was ezpectel knives, and while theaiui tberecords, leave no room for eonjaetare as te the iand considerable mining has been done. Parties that came out of the mines in the Fall, hars since re-againstthePresident,tbeGovernment,andthe peopleImminent poeed.dangersto which allyaangnMB amtt.-here withtamed to Improve the opportunity forsubdued and discombobberaled the two or three <!l»gii>gs have reeentlj been found twelve miles from was met with derisiontwenty chosen men, and if ever one-and-judge of what a oould good olergymaalowing incident, skewlBg the soeeess simple efforts of a private iadlrldiul.thoughgeneralUtah audIn the course of his remarks he took occasion to ex-Judgetration of Mr.nate district of country.occasion of for the first timedeem ItJudge enables me to say that he concurs entirely with the views expressed by Senator Douolas in his speech8eer*taiysewiw. AdJatant-OaasrsLGoodthousand Insurgents as easily as a five-yeir old tom- Denver, and a rich quartx lead has been worked mentioned only In terms of scurrilous reproach; be to introduce and take charge of the bill in the Senate. various SKSocistlons in our large dUes hare Itwenty men did noble service, these did. They awed,mining.tTdltirs, big and little. This iU-advlaed act of graceTo counteract, as far as possible, the evil lata-was pub'Icly reviled and caluiualated instead of When the bill was introduced In the; Senate,tions by ditching for Irrigation, &cpaper in hand, to think io himself or say to his wife sion that It was niter for them to keep quiet while Creek, and the Fontaine qui Voudle, (BolUng Fountain cy, aid such was ids merited reward.hara at work four-fifths of every year. It Is easy toCariarybird. Therlo'ers"We give below the object and the wtodut a/uamiiacted as men always act when they are actuated bythanks for an act of covered the author grace, theytian Association,"Social Union," *c.to treaacnthe reader of the Tihes, seated at his breakfast-table talked very bravely, they soon came to th<- conclu- farming. The valleys of the Platte, Monument result of President Buchasas 'a sprntancous clemen- Demccrats opposing It strenuously, and the Republi- THI NEW-rOKK lOCKG MIN'8 CHBISIIAJf ASSOCIA-tao, threw stones at the backs of the policemen, andthe sumed a decideoiy party form-^tho .Americans andvizeoaaection with the strike rDorcnaents hereabouts,and though oca can but see miny things n tiicb showclearly that while the few are benetited, and themany are rapidly plunging ii.:o a depth of troublethey kcow not of, I have refraineil fro^ expressing. perscnal bearing. In one of my recent letters, 1 ex- Denver, contained only one house last August. At and wben,b} great exertions and through fearful dan- sare in a few Inftatces, any personal views oa thepersonalsiceraliuiis would prevent hishe knew to be right in principle, and ihit he shouldBroadway, near Tuelf.b-stieet, whicb is oped from 8 A. M. la 10 P. M., asd in which may be found the daily paper*women, to make them dissatlslicd, and to have themare quite common. Tne largett one has a front of 65 watched and insulted;spies got into tbeir camp,shut up all Win-were to exposeddisappeared,supportinga bill whichThis was easily done, and the doings nf the ladies io mass meetings assembled have beenftit. The found hrrc is which was out of the and clay peculiarly adapted for kept cityJoin the strike.not his chargein to This bill. regardpliy- Is slcal imposstollity to buy a TtMia lor love or moneywere (een during »«grt«paaiidaiatbles,wid the girls whisked with \\W iS^oU^J" ^orgeou.. tpparel, beatins the furiously thioogbverygiving encouragementhoffMilsllrtwhilethe ,ll'lthe;suddenlyprovision Economy,death of Dr. Hops. Thsyent when tbey were cotiuted, but who was along, and Economy to Dr. ArwArxa. and. In «';?*°«^f;^~*«fc2*fleaiaatup throughwas not pres-who. if he had been put down, would have made the Logic, heretofore uugbf "f ""»'««anglewormstheirabwe\'?ra, l.li^tSe'-^nc^^tl': magnificent beani, which is antiouse, and there tookranted »y»jfor her Spring apparel. No change,via however,•o^placein M^fn^n 'ti"'^"^L nn either Side by resolute^nd deter^^y"Pr'«l°°ware the bar, evidently by facing^•^"*««^ ground ^^l^'^^'j^J^^^t^tne demand forreferencetothemilitaryanditsvise,heremarke1number— insteado< 81,by wriggledverycrimes. IfeltatthatOmeasthoughInpaceofhang-oat, however, 63 soldiers, 3 laundresses and 3 seS vanta. There was accidentally omitted from tbeto make Rhetoric and Politicalshoes, and consequently ^^ journeymen or the jour-" »^ Tbe GoveiruBent at homo, however, was not sat- Just8S. I was also nnder the Rhltorio.ner or.87,called uponhaJiso^-e'ISrii.them Into aTBI IVMCr OT THI etMSon.payment for the Govemment) vras Sie exact entitled to cabin passage, and also the exact numbtrccasaryforhimtoknowtbatmycommandconsistedPriacctaa CaUese,CEAhan n-TBB facbltt—«»r. HMfar cmimk- Ann CBOsn morassoB or asnova.i„V.'' people tightspot, S^iroS;'!^?''?"1'"'•feworkles. Thesightfromtheyoeng formedmethathaspentt700enasingles.iree—last-S'-Samore House was a f^lijLH,. !?'•!'"'•."'• watchmaker,A short time ago two lawyerson horsebackthe streets, yelling Uke Indiansof 2 cabin and 87 passengers^^Lonr.lonf Itneaof pleaiant-faced, well-dressed girlsJoEBtton were that if the Governor, Judges or Mar-shals shall summon to their aid of the mili- aporilaotary under your command to aid In the Discharge of their respective duties, you will see that that sum-?" ?• P«,"P'«."or," Down withthere was on my certifieate mu soldier too few andune laundress too many,Sciences.The creat ImportaaceTfollowed, with here and there a manTyrann?"' carrvlne a "in-sUU theof the Rhetaiiei}Mlff^,The music was ere gallant, and I don'tiiflag.very good.TttesoUlersIfrequentlyhear expressionssurprise "- duced thbe T'-rto resolve spsMad«Bt«B«H»' .S'f.."'''il "ly"®" always Doid. Tbe Committee werethe time there are :a5 prc:entthe means ofgood houses complete, with maiiy more contracted for. A red sand-itone isgers,procuredmooviag. theyfralpihuiiciaeldwasapracticalandworkingehoeman, Alargehotelist:elngconstructedofit Duewestof tionsfrociWashington,tohruilacampremotefrom Da-mclE.StCKl-ss,tchowasthenmthe Senate, thit hewMIc on tbe contrary they wrre scltisb deina.;ogues, Colorado, in iht South I'a'k, have been found ri«k La It Lake, eo tLat the Mormons should not be harmed should aid in passm^ the bill tkr'tv.gh that bodi/," 1who toiiowKl siin'ryand dtvcts occupations a^ cir-cumstanccsrr.ijhtindicate. 1 find tint those reniirUshave stirred up a tireeze in tlie cam:>, aiid lavalMngeralsectionsofthecountry. ThusIIwillbeobserve1 di.=cii'linedIn trouble wlh the mass. The sentence was some- that natuie has been munificent with us. Let us editbghas been kept, with bands tied, drums siiem, thing to this effect : that matters must soon comn to a and voices hushed for fear these estimable, honora- crisis; poor, homeless, dependent woman could not now look at the moral condition of tlie towns alluded ble, civilized and god -like sahits might be Iright^ned.**with the Republicans, who were In the asc^eodant of many houses and their inmates to the young man in the Assembly, that they should pass a law creatinga new Board," all I nave to say is, that the con- lodging In them.to obtaintation of being able to stand a greattr qnintityof wtisky without being affected by It Ihanhis neighbor-the repu-liU family. I think that's a lair statement: neither ""'""ted that sbme six thousand were A man ia Denver, of fine attainments. In- Lake City visited my Slstrlct Tatlob and SiuTB entitled to suerage passage—ti.at is, it was only aa-willThe procession of last week wa«whisky,tryingbands of a drunken manmilitary with the MeaWat th* In- doubt, brave. Tbe firemen difference that seemi to be felt by tbs Home Mis- tbemanly, rigorous and courteous, attentive and full of enthusiasm. The affilrand other Christian societies, with 'joor"as, on Saturday cw„„ Tk TiS-n^ fu'^'''"' v*°'='*"- Take a low estimate. Siy of the new Eldorado.^^f T"'sionary Society,"r ofwas veeterday appointed1.incumbent of the vacantt <Oiak_^m.i,?,; ""J"."",* 'Wfmf.ilh? "^i"'*'c^u^uJ ^^ amount lost would exceed tlS.OOO, not here,upon the hers, and urjostly reillecUog Judiciaryh, aHveiifTRl'A^S'ir T"}? "naterlalPyaldtbeoper.deemed satisfactory, butHo. S of the Comkia UagaiSm wIU contain" !• an ableman,purees and toa g'lOd maa wlia irtil da- IBuat Oaebneohofappend everjrthlog•«»aboutpaper,f!"• aad^j. y, - -^*\'^ -^eveningturned thslr bories across the sidewalkaboutthe ornament of peculiar of the soldiers a sick man whoand drovemiry clay. eicelloDcy, and adds n^o Uu e toT^r'^," i',"^'".'*! drinks while seated on their horses, wtioae heads men w^o were with hf ni ought to have been hanging numberbodies'1 l"«»a seemed to indicate a change, and to pre- respectabUityof his persoi^ He waV sunS^JdrinkingingtTM'*'"^ ,^SSwas to beoff as soon as poaaible.wBiai AM Tors mssiosAirjs ?feared,Idriving ;engaged andThe;the President's name wasences that surround yotmg men in the large places,y^ -gr- y^TM--?*-^' f V'i^town«, and a anion or all deaomtaatioesyesterday. '* Where we can buy to the t>est aovant- flourishing condition. A Bible class Is now being " Coatraetlne Board lawnf IfUT •>' mibu ,h. ikii~_.<MeB»w2»»slga ; meaolrg, pnhaM|r735HVl ask~si*ga M- iamembers Is a " Sopreeae Judge" of this Territory. Our population Is expected to lacresae sixty thoa- eh, saitd next season. Shall the amount of sla aadlii-Ing statement:do, by auendmgSaece, presencewas tbe nniiecessary,"te aecMMt wfatsavocate itsgeographical situation of the Territory, and the draw- formed me that he believed thesadof tbe billbacks to cultivation intention to the doctrines of the Mormon Churchwhich matters have been even moie fully InUta x.and democraticit apartymessuie,bewouldnotexposed the Toizs. He then remarked that all these things con-PUlsaihraplatthe foUa fewtbat the Mormons are obedlaatto lawaad tbatTOBIfATtOIl or A.A young maa, while pesslagtke day-eehoelhogsela to send them back. If tbe AdmiBlstrattoa hadaotpro- "This pi'opii-aiili^S^iyi^jpreparatoryCreek,) are very fertile, and capable of producing Three thousand of the Federal troops were sent toetough lor home consumption. Thi* town is rapidly Utah, and tbey have been kept there at a great ex-developing itself, and promises to become an imnor- pense to the Government It was thought that tbey tbat, under tbe circumstances, I coasidered him fully tal and social i»>ndition of young men," «iwt i^,;gri'itude;Clly,:hona fide and UvlDg sTatiatics. TbU was excitement enough for awhile, but the tant point In Aurarla. Denver and Highland, where were sent there to put down treason and to establish released from hisptomise to support the bill, and, also, means to be employed, and principally relied on, are!As you are well aware, I have faithfully posted police returned home, and it t>ecame nece,sary to oiie year ago there was but one frame-house, there Federal authority In Utah Trains coataioing sup- tbat I doubted the oolicyof hts doing s>, far reasons those of good asiociates. To accomplish this, the Ajs-m were burned; were year readers on all matters of immediate interest in have others. So it was delerinined to s'ir up the me now upwards of six hundred. Brick buildings plies for the everywhere tbeyto tdmtelx. He replied that no con- partysoclation have a room at No. 817 pleasantpositionHe subsequently voted for the bill, as did severalsketches, that neither one of those to whom the town, ani has been used extensively for bull ling cf their country, but they went, ciippled by instr'ic- This is the only manner in w hlch I " arrange'i with—dailylaidbeforeyou, indherealiovmeawordoftheywi:h the times. Colorado City, 60 ml'es south of every ha- dfhip. Then when the .snows(I ihii:k a of the Democrats In the majority)and a librarian who isalwayswUUagti:rVs. Goli en City and Baden Baden ter in the mountains, where keep paceand of the perlodiualslectedday, together with a weU-ae-they badtook up their line of march for the valley of Silt Lake,death o! a Republxan merotjer ot the Senate, (which waa fiUeil. however, wiinin a week or two after Its passage.) Ihe bill could not have passed the Senatelong stand out against the capitalist, and to. Auiaria is decidedly the "fastest" town laths Nor is tins all '. The Government was not only versation above referred to wi'b Mr. Wain, is tbe .The Visiting Committee, in folfilUng the duties as-that sooner or later she would be compttUd gold region. It Is the favorite resort of tbe 'restrained from punishing, but it has, through the only one that I bad with any Republican upon the signed them, welcome new membprs to the Associa-to yield her spunk, her virtue or hersporting va.st amounts for the which wen; subject, except perhaps, Io request Senator Upuahtion, and also visit any member ol It who m^be dak and in need of any kind attention.life,— and this they artfully construe into an attackgentry," and games of chance,-'cock-fighting,horse-expended troops,into tne Mormon coffers, enriohed and built un the rcrritoiy. When the troops went to Utah, tbe Mor-occasionally to urge the bill forward in the Senate.I never made any pledges to any one, with refer-multiplied upon tne chastity of the women engaged in this move- racing, *c., are the order of the day. Gambling isThe Cnurch Committee, composed of from each denomination represented in tbe iafter nil his c fTuBluns. As a it's a consequencegamesplayed.trailers Not ate in const (jnence of the r>as3age of tuts law.prosper. only they freely pardond, Wednesday evening at the Rooms, and also Intiudauaobser- story of one establishment, there are twelvi taila, at wrangliiig;iheyareclothed,of cards areInvarlahly fiUed with spectatorsalmostten minutes alter the cars arrive. But to doubtless, to moralize on tbe scene, other* to watch VV'beu treason is thus dealt with, traitors will b< and know that the administration of the Canals, so strangers to such Pastors aud Churches in the City aa return to the offending sentence. Does it tbe ups snd downs ef a gambler's life. Kot unCra- numerous. It tbey are thus rewarded lor the first far SB they were unter the control of the Engineer's they may desire. The Employment Coatmlttealahsc not bear tiu'h on its face ? Must not quentlyone of the lookers-on becomes fascinated oflerce, what sUall thty not expect In the way of and Commissioner's Departments, was renderwi much to secure good situations fjr young men who aeedcan, howhe to remain where shet It is as true as Heaven that soon she mu>( yield her opposition, or be compelled to seek bcr breadstamp,than tbe mensee with what ease tbey are led bare andgambleasitand each has failed. Mormon and grandbelievingtbatyouinjusticethese montnJy meetings still mo^e social, tiy rsllertatbnt It is very to painfulaud iifluesced to dotlielr quieter moods I hardly think tbey would ap-petit jurors,wholeort^eis from aoceailng betoie the Or,ind Jury or are fervlces and asThereabout a thousind of them Inbeen remarked that stoicism worthy of heroes.;aretheir losses with atoackrowledge the error in your issue of Dec. 30, 1S59.of.this city slone who are earning no'ldog, many of whom are unmarried, who haye no homos, no out- lidefriends,nomeansoflivingwhileonthestrike, aud who must run dally in debt for every meal, forpublish itproveeverythis a pleasant prospect ? (Are these girls the in- dependent, free, aad clear-mlrided women of whom we hear aoaiucht la It better Cor them to be dU,g atwut the streets, dressed in their best bibs and tuckers, than to be earning #4 SO to (4 per week t To what will It unavoidably tend ! It makes one shudCer todire distress, the of and the in-theydoinggame,previousday,Informing his wifeinthe lovingIexcept that 1 agree fully in Ihe doctrine of Mr. Wxxd,of his good luck in the mines.Obtaining athe Association- held at the Rooms on the fiioith Ma»>ofeachIt onaletter** until the Pike's Peak minesbearmost important political of-you;some, but lEty are rewarded witnpocxetsfull of I have neve- doubted the policy of passing the law, gold.State*No. 31 Pine-street New-Voilt. HUTAIIT MAT TEES.Tnlsill'tiaicdandlU-judgedclemencyofthePresl- furpcset." dentls doing a most miscMevous work in Utah. Tltisis painfully raaidfest to all sensible and loyal peoplewho have to t>e in the Territory. The Mormona haveSILASSEYMOrO. Lastbutnotleast,thelegolarmoDtUymeettagafmonth, partakes of a soclsl aad entertaining character, and is one of thapriaelpal blinking the qnesHoo. Facts are facts. And per- examined, as there Is some doubt as to whether they seems to be so recceasary to compel obedience to The Caae af Kaj. Wyse—Aa ExplanaUen aad means of attaining the object of the Associatloii, tit. :been thepediency, is never followed by good government After referring to the several attempts to administerbut tbeIon ol fools should be destroyed"—a fact elucidatedputs atarvBtlon. There is no use in is,advisingherday eveningInThe most interesting part of the whole affair has Me* are appropriated for the use of Mexicans, who concealed or covered up by notions of temporary ex-saloon onefreely indulge in the game, and judging by the plisiof Spanish dollars on the table, they bet Spanish cards are almost as common as others.illpay."every gamblingor more ta.tkefr.m- The wisdcm of Solomon declaredpanion of vise men should be wisewhich proceeds from general disaffection, and ia enlytheforming ofpersonal acguaintancesktp of guod "Church."He t'.en detailed the elrcumetanees attending theThe Aerodaiiin isyoung mea who eaaie ftom tte eoaabr. aat'tt*in thesecounsel to those men who were accused of high was 3way oflicers,my Court His Eicelleacy and those bloody bearlidered the new about In some other place In that city."Referring to the coiin>e of the Administration in:ofthem on tbe referencetothesplrltnaiwelfareoftheiahaaitsata toattackthiscommand,andtbeGeneralsentasup- onewhere thetlora arc severed, and where the excitements aad ex-travataucles of a gold country are anytbiog but oon- duclve to a moral and reU^ioui state of feeUag.in tie towns acd mouuulns iberearenov frosaThisbyme to tbe proper b,u-reitralnts of old friendsand assoala-«tts«yet anothei branch of the Gor- of whom accustoiaed to Church go- eromant militaryInp prtvj'eges, Sabbath-scbcHiU, and other Christian and saM to Gen. Jomtsms that he had obeyed hts in- gatbFilnsa. Many of them are wllllog to open their I stroetitBis to tha entire saUs&otiOB of 'he Oovem-twtlve to fifteen thousand oien, women and chlldrea,furnish the tioope;most have been the branch, issued a newwrsis. referred to, which,M«»"1»M?»ilsoTan article by Ra«n- JTMMtmoDs be The promptly ol>eyed.order thatporting caimnand, and Uiey remained until the Courtby mydid accordingly,Professor in thi* braach. To IHseJiatroopsheorder. Tbe Mormons threatenedandpay upon saymcvnt doe to Oie transportation company—notdateUassi C. AiaxAnnsa. ionofthelateDr.J.W.AuBoAKx"n"aa",of/yoearCil^^.under that1 Xaefc CChhattaltaCaoaritBoaa Tiafc.;poor moaeySome of the by keepersChurch, and to exoose them would be to expose and My command on that occasion, for the trensporta-with gaming, and if possible outstrips It. no- punish tbe Church, and the functionaries of tha lion of which I gave the certified receipt, eonslsted of so ei dangered It* prosperity saidsaloons.'be danger lies,and ia fatora itlseaal.___ the As'oclatloo will stear ^earof the rocksdetained. Urandsuch,additional par-fornumber imisaaadratalaIhtmaabreaaadthoseahaailla tbe doctrboes of the Cboreh in 0lah.ttfoli theTonr Albany correspondent, " Leo," in noticing WbatotberaieaaioK was la the aladof thsOsait, isJ".'I?'«I*f ¥**^ "!?•HOtVARD. contributed a box of books to the Pike's Peak Sabbith was elected State engineer. By sows reasening, he offense) only a want sfdneeaie aad asearaarra•"l^S^* ^'"J'JJ^'?' be was enUUed to make thes»peintmeBU of divlstoa and asalitsat engineers, wlth-ootcaasaltlochlsassoeiates. Thishlsatseeiaiei would belanotchareedvlth Major Wrsatraehminot concede; ss Col. SsTaoea took what was called at ''Coo4sctonbeeos>iBga<io&eeraaa a e»ntl«maai~l.tl!^''°S'''P°*l1*°—that ia. he made an arrangeiaeat 83S Article of W ar. wlileh«ith the SepnbUcacB. who were la the aaeendaat In the prcieilbes tk* noierM^BA>seBMy,thatihey shenld pasaslaw creating a nnv .1.1aad Ithe Powers and define tlie Duties of the Con-passageso,in-{bnt to thsin the Senate. principleswerecans did not makeonly vote for but advocate It la the Senate.is active Ufe andthey obey their leaders, and these leaders are alone measure, and that I bad no doubt that the Demo- of this great Metrapolls, these qnesttODSandtwelvegeneralk had been reized and bung, you would neverthe counselors, bishopsapostlesandtheirhaveheard of treason InUtabaad stsHsHcsgreat number of tha elaai afof tbe United States, came a free to all the pardon;but while themen,many reportsof the |;partycrats in the Legislature would, many, if not all of tbem, vote for the ^111. He then read the bill through again "very carefully," and said that he approved fully of the principles of the bill, and thought it was delisnsible as measure of canal reform, and would therefore favor Its passage. At bis suggestion a meeting of some of the prominent members of tbe Legislature was coorened in the Executive Chamber the same evening, at which Lieut-Gor. Bsuu read tbe bill tbiotigli, and it met with general approval. Senator Ufham was selectedcans favoring it On Mr. SicxLts' return to Albany, I informed nlm that his three Democratic friends in the Senate had made this b(b a party measure, aedTIOW.The object of this Association, as staled in tbe Coa-andAssemrily.It happened tbat, ow log m a vacancy caused by tbe to greet young men cordially, especially the straacecia the City.BOABsnto-HotrsB ssorsm.Under the charge of aCommittee of the Aasoelatlea,a register is kept of good boarding-houses, aal af private fainliies who are willing to take one or 1 young meii to beard.and there have have never doub'ed that. If he had not beeu absentTbe Association considers that rightlynor tL, ir fine scijSibliitics(Jul ksUver Las also been found to exist in large tbey bormlestly lived ever since, learolug the the Senate, the Democratic senators would all have tions, in good boarding-places, are of tha lIKclu.ensofctpper, sliver aivJ lead.wounded, whtii tbe till was first "introduced and ditK;uss(d ingood ;111* mspivesof uDO'iierseritence of the same letter, the qu.mtilies. Canncl coal has been discovered In sev- shanghai drill" and studying camp discipline. There voted lor it. vice snd safeguard to young men, and it is notlgna.luilirlduals exposed have endeavored to Involre me as" well a little army as is to liC found on AVith reference to any arrapgement that I male rant of the dangerous character and evil infiaaaesoseme ofwill iniuceatitiLstobe and make snort of tha pre^ert. reports'justice, not oaly to my.,clf, but to tiiework si.d progress of each Association, aad alsaW-" secure tbe presence of pasto''S and good Mmt-talte City, whof^e acquaintance will eaaah tad ba- es-ontbeisfied with fumlahing this aid in the admin- iajpression that two lanndreseea bad come along, but litloal Economy, affUIafe- ^m "^"^^j"^aal theInscriptlou, having instead, some such seiit,-uce as only course left was to give them liquor and get tkem istration of law. The orders Itat were given to Geo. afterwards fo'jnd out tbat bnt one had come; hence cal Economy has afltaMesThe Adter of Judge Blacx'b, which has gone to the world,was madeticularly upon myself ciUtng the mlllury to my tbority at the time, (before tbe vouiher was paid,)aid. In that letter Judge Black, as one of tiro Admin-par-for explanationistration,that call uponto make soch a call. Geo. Jobitstos bad no right tothose oaallci.mi against most carefut „k.ai.«» I am, genUemen, very respectfully, ymirnhenientright i badtocorrect In otheraggregate,words, th* Government waa maeen'n,taTdpay what was exactn/the g?eatincrease ofj**^««««g:learingtoo muck. The Govemment was not the loser, nor was tbe Company or myself gainer by the unimport- ant mistake which I certificate.waa rtll *• postpoasdA.a>aeven tbef. o.«*)• wM*coDirbrersyUlde Prostor oMt'ftatea a lyno p»e»! t» am^ -*-..T" Tf iif nilItohtmiothe acta wete aeae" metdutywbichlatkeaeesodyoiattahecaaiMsabeplace riiay be framed under the rartons article* efa-. d were left to laarthegineer of rower, and restore the patronage to tbe doai- be mcihtacrbgieevooa to the deisaas, la^^i^'..-^-ci --of that offence Un suah diaUnet ekarxe a 0<i«£3oDoe ef the oaarreas aistlaet Oram theplaoeertheroiadieTKselt, aeopy aadaaeasti 'tkousamdof itself rafiiclent to attract the attanttoamrfin tbeposed receive a quick, and ofteatimei a answer. Thelannmerablecaseeofhopeiaasradegradatloaof some of our saast'stituUon, is "the Improvement of the spiritoal, mmlibrary,— We r<«oiBiBend tbe'TODiig men af our CItf ts. jPfBMsreh The Board of Trestees of the CoUegeyesterday,ustees.. . ^ ttf a laaaoress beiai;eompea-MJrrfpromlslaf:The eosa-^i ~-i«?«www.fultonhistory.comiMMMlMiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 