 ,iMIfIrwhom the principal, at the time of the occurrences about to be related, was named Bach.There were, in that year, forty-two young ladies Mcidrog there as boarders, chiefly daughters of noble livonian fkmil.es; among them. Mademoiselle Julie, aeeond daughter of the Baron de Guldenstubbe, theneither the teacher or the institution must be sacrificed; and, with much reluctance, and many expressions of regret on the part of those to whom ner amiable qualities had endeared her, Mademoiselle Sagee was dismissed.The poor girl w a s in despair. " A h ! " (Mademoi- selle de Guldenstubbe heard her exclaim, soon aftersional contributor t o The Independent newspaper Henry Ward Beecher, will continue t o shine i n i t scolumns. , • •—M. Castendyk, a native o f Bremen, who has quali-fied himself for the task, has started o n an expedition to traverse that portion of Africa which, lying to the west and northwest of Monrovia, has never yet been explored.tbe 14th December, with a cargo of coal for San.Fran- find in distress and actually u keeping bouse." These cisco, and on the 17th December experienced a hurri- orders are generally for one quarter, but sometimes for/motion.This incident naturally caused a great sensation inthe legitimate scope of human Knowledge, in thebegetting great fear among the slaveholder**; their fear bemg greatly increased by the arrival of the speaker's household goods, which were cumbrous; the occasionalboard the French briar for provisions, had arrived atLiverpool in the African mail steamer the day before- '0. pibli..fit««*»!p^J.Mtaid being confined to<*»bed9switbWarn•<attack jwa-naBst, tax active poKticia», $ g i infiuenia, the young lady already mentioned, MadeMfo&ijmat5I Hi* inquiries embraced a wide range of research. J h addition to the usual experiments and observa- SOBS, which are familiar to a multitude of persons, |KM& in' Europe and the United States, he devoted JJUmrV to the' study of the best standard treatises •ma physiology, eapecially in its connection with »ental phenomena, on psychology in general, on afeep, on hallucination, on insanity, and on themental epidemics of Europe and America, '--,- with the curious observations of Reiohen- Itoeb, and the record of interesting researches of »oeent date in Prussia, Italy, England, and else- waere, on the subject of human electricity in con- aswtionwithitsinfluenceonthenervoussystemand the muscular tissues. .m It was not long before Mr. Owen •arrived at the•inclusion that the modern phases of what is calledmm ***•*•• * -\ Bpiritualism are the, reproduction of ancient andweJI-iaoivn phenomena,. Hence, ho inferred thejtepottance of historical research, as an essential:j-rebntinary to' a scientific theory. H e also ju-" ThefiTstideaofrecruiting this legion ofchildrenbelongstoGen.Garibaldi. WhenengagedintheSouthAmericanwars,and hindinthechurch,theroughhouses-andthefewit\prove successful,itwillgreatlyincreasetheuseful-twithout referring it to some intelligent ithis lady bad occasion to leave the room, and the arm- •fancy foreign to the spectators present. Prom chair was left vacant. It remained so, however, for aunnatural and horrible features, w e are impressed withthe fertility of resource, and ingenuity of construction given their contingent of young soldiers, bo at once made up histhembest, have notonlyexpressed bywordsthesympathy they feel, b u t others have apologized forthe actions of tbe many,-'and one made proffer ofmoney t o enable t h e victims t o reach a more gen-erous home. In allthis he saw that which made Turnbelieve that hereafter the door would open that they H. Seward arrived in this city on Friday mormtKt via might return, orat least that an influence for good the New-York and Erie Eoilroad, and took rooms atwillfollowthelaborperformedandtieforcedab- theAstorHouse. Heremainedhere:until6o'clock sence o f t h e laborers. This influence h e prayedmight extend, not to Kentucky alone, but to the in the evening, at which time he took his departure forSad time, Mr. Owen determined to test the matter fterou ghly, and devsted the leisure I of more thanTears to iuvestigating the question of the agency from another sphere of existence, on the of mankind.shorttime only; for of a sudden there appeared seated in it the figure of Mademoiselle Sagee. •' The young ladies immediately looked into the garden, and there she still was, engaged as before; only they remarked that she moved very slowly and languidly, as a drowsy or exhausted person might. Again they looked at the arm-chair, and there she sat, silent, and without mo- tion, but to the sight so palpably real that, had they not seen her outside in the garden, and had they not known that she appeared in the cbair without having walked into the room, they would all have supposed that it was the lady herself. As it was, being quite certain that it was nota real person, and having be- come, to a certain ex*nt, familiar with this strange phenomenon, t w o of xhe boldest approached and tried to touch the figure. They averred that they did feel a slight resistance, which they likened to that which a fabric of fine muslin or crape would offer to the touch.displayed by the writer, and are tempted to wish that we might meet the same pen employed onmore humanmind to have abattalion of adoletcenti organized. A n intelligent young officer, whom he had known during the Roman iaoapaign of 1849,beingnearatband,he intrusted himwith the formation of the legion, which at the beginning did not number niore than 150. Austrian persecutions and patriotism soon increased theSENATOR'SEWARD IN NEW-YORK.—The^ Hon.Wmipileivea, occasionally only, but without anticipation, earnest or eager in what she was about. It was uni-"Indeed!" replied his "when i s . your time?"' or design, like the rainbow, or the Aurora Borealis, tor the hurricane, independent of the wishes or the agency of man. By this restriction, the suspicionof being misled by epidemic excitement or foregone impressions is set aside.The Tesult of Mr. Owen's investigations, con- dasted according to this method, is set forth in the present volume. It consists mainly of the record offormly remarked that the more distinct and material to the sight the double was, the more stiff and languid was the living person; and in proportion as the double faded did th© real individual Tesutne her pov»era.She h'erself, however, was totally unconscious of the phenomenon: she had first become aware of it only from the report of others; and she usually detected itby the looks of the persons present. She never, her- self, saw the appearance, nor seemed to notice the species of rigid apathy which crept over her at the times it was seen by others.last trump!"jj 'observed in various countries and in different pe-aieds of history. The author makes no claims tonomenon and of hearing of it through others, no ex- ample came to her knowledge of the appearance of the figure at any considerable distance—as of several miles^—from the real person. .Sometimes it appeared,siasm produced .was comparable to nothing since Rachel chanted the Marseillaise in Paris in 1848. She sangitthreetimes.—The Rev. Thomas Starr King assigns as his rea- sons for going to San Francisco that the demands which during four or five years had. been made upon bis services in the lecture season, and which he had not felt at liberty to decline, had so engrossed his time that be had not been able to devote proper attention to his church and parish.left behind. They say that many of their people have1gone to Kansas. They report that many young per- distresses there recorded. By far the majority of api-Ike establishment of a theory. For that, in his opin-MB, thetimehasnotyetcome. Heaimsatno butnotfaroff,duringtheirwalkjintheneighbor-sons, and many who are far advanced in age will allow themselves to be reduced to Slavery rather than try the chances of a strange country. They are mostlyplications were for monetary aid. But during that time, a German woman presented a bright little b o y , whom she hod generously adopted and supported until now, too poor to do so any longer, she wished him sent to Randall's Island; a middle-aged householder; stated that his maid-servant had been tampered, with. by some treacherous coachman, and was in a condition, rendering imperative her admission to tho Lying-inhood;morefrequently, however,within-doors. Every Jtigher mirk than to collect and arrange materials, servant in the house had seen it. It was, apparently,which may serve in the erection of a system by fixture inquirer. H e certainly discusses the with calmness, discrimination, and ability, aad bis volume must at once take its place as a val- uable collection of facts and illustrations on thenayitexious subject of which it treats.Among the curious narratives, which, if receivedMEauthentic,showusthatthere "aremorethingsia Heaven and earth than are dreamed of in ourperceptible to all persons, without distinction of age orIt will be readily supposed that so extraordinary a phenomenon could notcontinue toshow itself, for more than a year, in snclran institution, without injury to its prosperity. In point of fact, as soon as it was com- pletely proved, by the double appearance of Made- moiselle SagCe before the class, ana afterward beforefrom Little Bock.[Cincinnati Commercial.ppwawiwir iu.u.^JutJ .;(.j.^J^^^s^^o^^^wry/.-.^...- .... ••-rv •M.,I-.A'.... !-,w.ggror ' « « $ action, i h e denrium ofdiesipation, and devotion to a r t ;r•*A-»-*•-—• «SM•-*i'••&•»•"—JI*JIT*1M >;., • ' j . ^, . , , . - ^. ^ •Xt'.imi*mr.ltl,*6**;mm 1 •*- •• -6/T-ffTF PUBLICATIONS. avd /orlt, *nd that there -mm no appearance of food; influence overshadows he seeks to•to -double appeared—to• intitat»yi^tlm'naotSi)t)» ,bf" Lva c t ^bwf?mina,,f>ran. object,ofia S i ^ ^ J l ^ ^ i i ^ $?wiise>fjabrilliantpJSoie«< fewwhowereengaged inthework. Muchgoodhail vice,•?. :reak>po«sOj>.:.^fiometisaMa, ^wbettl^*.tho>fcttwf' from a chair, the figure would appear.' on it. ..<i.iO»?;ono-sjoocas*ony •Mademoiaelle*^^wnetber^anvnnp^jBenfie*3s oidyobscurely, m ,i v :fit. promotion, on^M^caliOfice^feaenper annum for every year of i i»; WW*t»$&faTr * two percent per annum for each ^earof m i m windependentactionofthetwofigureshappenedintbis Rohanfallsdeadinterroranddespuirjandtbe;curtainyears, receiving by this biU two per cent per'annnta, haveastrangebearingonthedoingsthatwentonin behindtearfulandmourning. Xbosewhoexpelled oj26percentontbeir$1,500duty/pay,wonldbe^en-wise.. '- • "':- « 4 w ^"'-': ••'";.:"I is quietly drawnon the lurid, sepulchral tragedy.—•Sachptetfosophy," though they by no means help to thing. The natural result was that their parents be- " Brooks, of New-York, who makes Christ the apologist of Sla- charge of adultery. .burden, and rates A 1J.LpsS OF THE BARK BALTIC.During the week ending to-day, onlv the widows andL sick in need of cool hove been allowed to apply* Y et thesehavecomeinsuchnumbers,thatfiveclerkshaver;._j 33oardonafternoon,atHea chair, and all tl again took a se greeted by bie i appointed since 1Upon recomuie entj Capt. Lcoa Precinct was' tra BaxUUansforie'Thomas Hniet the force. Jodi tvrpnty-five 3ayi for- the dLeoppe: drunkenprisove House to the CoX! letter wa^ i ex-memberot i man-oftheOran< tl'* estsblishmen nestes, and prvsbriiry.forthes House. *Qn moUotn o f ; and a vote of thai Raines L . Hentof-UieEighth,M Brbrrnawi3: Ki -oldforce,;were r to back pay.domonstrate the reality of spiritual manifestations, wo axtract the following:HABITUJO. APP ARITION OP A LIVING, There existed, in the year 1845, and is still continued, la Livonia,. about thirty-six miles from Riga and a mileand a half from the small town of Wolmar, augan to scruple about leaving them under such an in- very, has an imitator in Massachusetts. But neither of those—Tbe Washington correspondent of The Express Eaysthat,togratify hispersonalmalignityagainstSen- atorDouglas,thePresidentoftheUnitedStateshas.JKjkk. i LTYOJOAK SCHOOL-TEACHER LOST SITUATION;blasphemers hascarried their argument toitslegitimateconclu- sion, viz:—That the Saviour's silence, if it means anything, moans thatitisrighttoenslave-whitemen,notnegroes. TheEthiopianBrigJ.Mclntyre,atCharlestonfromCamden, Me.,picked upon the 18th December, lat. 3644, lou. 7230,at'9a.m.,aboatcontainingfiveseamen,lateofthe been occupiedallthetimeinmerelytakingtheir bark Baltic, o f New-Bedford. The following are the names. Over 10,000 will be registered by to-night— names of the seamen rescued : James Irving, of to say nothing of many turned away at once'as'known-H E R PERSON.Kingston, N. Y., resides in New-York city; George imposters or vagrants. After the names are registered* Oberlin, o f New-Bedford; Samuel J i Eldridge, d o . ;Alexander C. Pinckham, Nantucket;. Charles S. the nineteen " visitors" take the addressee of those ia'institution" of high repute for the education of young severed in retaining her, until, at the end of eighteen ladies, entitled the JrensiouDat of Xeuwelcke. It is months, the number of pupils had decreased' from mnder the* superintendence of Moravian directors; of forty-two to twelve. It then became apparent thatSpooner, New-Bedford. They report that t h e bark their respective Wards and proceed to, look personally* during 1860. Mrs. Stpwe, John G . Whittier, a n d Baltic, Capt. Davenport, sailed from Alexandria o n into their cases—giving coal-cords to all whom theyfthirteen years of age.lathisinstitutiononeofthefemaleteachersatthat thedecisionreachedher),"Ah! thenineteenthtime1hands were compelled to take to the boats. When is, itisleftonce,a month during January, Februaryy. these seamen left the vessel t h e officers,were clearing March, and April, unless stopped because- n o longer-away the whale boat to receive the officer* and the needed. Pecuniaryaidisgiveninsumsof50centsfl^' balance of the crew. The following iaalist of thoseleft on the bark: Capt. J. Davenport andwife, of $1 p e r week—almost always t h e former, amount.tion on account of a peculiarity that was entirely be- yond her control—a misfortune, not a fault—tiiey per-perament, somev. hat nervously excitable. EL&c health a comparatively brief sojourn. ODe situation after such articlefl only as are used North and South, and of a religious daily journal in London. another. As, however, her employers were in everyon the 11th December, it is hoped that all hands may have been saved. ' .throng crowding in during this first week is principally;wa» usually good; and during the year and a half that other respect well satisfied witn her, she obtained in Federal law allowing masters to carry their slaves intoabe lived as teacher at Neuwelcke she had but one ortwo-slight mdispoeitions. She was intelligent and ac- each case favorable testimonials as to her conduct and every State of tbe Union, and to keep them there ifabilities. Dependent entirely on her labor for sup- they choose to stay.composed ;of regular customers, technically termed- BremenbarkDorette,beforereportedashavingar- "oldbummers"bytheclerks,whohave receivedaid•omplisced;andthedirectors,duringtheentireperiod port,thepoorgirlbad beencompelledto availherselffor oneormore years,past, know themoment tbe».#f her stay, were perfectly satisfied with her conduct, her industry and her acquirements. She was at that_f-fcwoyearsofage.A few weeks after Mademoiselle Sagee first arrived,•togajor reports began to circulate among the pupils.—A Southern Rights meeting waa held at Savannah, causeofherdismissalwasnotKnown;eventhough Go., onthe30thult. Gen.W.P.WhytepresidedandAN A F F E C T I N G N A R R A T I V E — T H E I R F A R E W E L L T O THEIRHOMES—SLAVEHOLDERSBREAKINGUP A M I S S I O N A R Y E N T E R P R I S E .Silas Holmes, had on board five women and. three men,When some caauaiinquiry happened to be made as toof these in search of a livelihood, in places where thewhom»hepickedupatseaat5 p.m. the.evening ofshe felt assured, from experience, that a few months could not fail again to disclose it.eloquent speeches were made. T h e resolutions author- ize a Vigilance Committee of twenty-five, citizen*, to65 per cent of all who apply are Irish, a t least 2 0 per" cent are)Germans, only 15percent being left for Amer-After she left Neuwelcke, she went to live, for awhereshewas,,oneyoungladywouldreplythatshe time,intheneighborhood,withasister-in-law,who beappointedbytheChairmanofthemeeting,whoso pulsion,fromBerea,Kentucky,ofanumberofciti-badeeenherinsuchor»ucharoom;whereuponan- hadseveralquiteyoungchildren. Thitherthepeculi- dutiesare'prescribed. Tbeyalsorecommenddireot zenssuspectedofholcingAnti-Slavery, sentiments,otherwouldsay,"Oh,nofshecan'tbethere;forI aritypursuedher.MademoiselledeGuldenstubbe, importations,non-intercourseasfaraspracticablewithjTheexileswenttoCincinnati,andTheGazette ofhave just met her on the stairway;" or perhaps in Soing to *ee her there, learned that the children of the abolition communities of the North, and urge the January" 3 gives the following account of a .meetingsome distant corridor. A t first they naturally supposed iree or four years of. age all knew of it; being in the propriety o f employing native teachers and patronizinglbwasmere mistake& but as the same thing recurred habit of saying that " they saw two Aunt Emclies."agai» and again, they began to think it very odd, and Subgequently she set out for the interior of Russia, Southern schools and colleges. They also call upon Last evening, at the First Congregational Churchheld there in their behalf: 'finally spoketotheother governessesaboutit. andMademoiselledeGuldenstubbe-lostsightofher SouthernrepresentativesinCongresstoprotestagainst (Unitarian),inthis.city,thefcev.Mr.Boughten,oneentirely. andreeifcttherightofrepresentativesofthoseNorth- oftheclergymenexpelledfromMadieonCounty,Ken- ed an. explanation or not, they gave none: they merely That lady was not able to inform me whether the ern States, whose legislatures have passed laws viola- tucky, addressed an audience, which, the extremeWhether the teachers at that time could have furnish-toldtheyoungladiesitwasallfancyandnonsense, phenomenonhadshownitselfduringMademoiselle coldnesBoftbeeveningconsidered,wasquitelarge.straimg.witheagerness,someproposition,toillustrate place,andda'e. Sheremainedaspupilat Neuwelcke State Government ofVirginia, will take place this toeducatethepeople; thenlookingoverthe condition which she had occasion to wnte with chalk on a black- during the whole time that Mademoiselle Sagee was of the people, in whoso midwt those were, be resolvedTHE YACHT WANDERER—THE MISSING CAPTAIN HEARD5evils which always spring up above the surfttbe re--word looking at her, to their consternation they sud- denly saw two Mademoiselle Sagees, the one by the sideojtheother. Theywereexactlyalike;andthoy seed the same gesture*, only that the real person held a bit of chalk in her hand, and did actually write,•while the double had no chalk, and only imitated the the subject-matter to which it is devoted is beyondArgus says:captain and boat's crew of four men landed at Terciuathe establishment. It was ascertained, on inqury, present state of scientific development. In spite oftbatevery oneofthethirteenyoungladiesintheclass thehonesty and intelligence with which he has...' •captain had been m andperhapsfrequentvisitsoffriendsfrom theNorth, iba-MorthBritonsailed,andthat thecaptainhadbeen placed under arrest bythoauthorities at Liverpoolbadseenthesecondfigure,andthattheyallagreedin—TbeHon.JOSHUAR.GmniNGs, nowathomeatandtheconstantreceiptofsumsofmoney,Bentforthe iromsomefactswhichhadbeen1 letoutbyhismen.Soonafter,oneofthepupils;aMademoiselleAn- someothers,toattendafite ckampUreintheneigh-better opportunity of observing the' case in all its de- tails.tion, though nOt immcoiately embraced, will be treated with respect, and not without a certain degree of fa- vor. Apromiseoffuturecooperationfortheobjectwhich to labor. family.H e sent for hia KOode and for his•' '••••';K^andbeingongagedincompletinghertoilet. B1TLKOHAN'SOHOST. ARoxAjrcs. J2mo.pp.852. J.E.—Theauthorof"SirRohan'sGhost,"aromanceof whichthisdaymakesthe»mourningtowliich.he.hodain, thechances are that ho will meet his deserts, Ond to spy out the land, intending, if the prospect is favor-*boidentity|of the<Desperado,'whichis,now^n-,' abletoinvitetbe:'jp^'^y'^:^K;K,Gi C.'stofol- volved in BOmuch mystery, beascertained;" ' • V'^' *!V;A:^NEW:'TRANSATtANTlO^t^^bK STEAMERS,j.*, ^yjsell* Sagee bad good naturedly volunteered fceraid, andwashookingherdressbehind. The youngladyhappeningtotura,roundandtolookintoan adjacent mirror,perceived twoMademoiselle SageosTilton&Co.The movement of& weird plot, approaching to ghaet- liness,initsunrelievedhorrors,ismadesubservientinuncommon power, which ie n o w attracting muchat- tention in literary circles, ia Miss Harriet Prescott of Newburyport. MissPrescottisfreshfrom,thehallsof: referred.. •,." .••;.:.>y>::/:The state of society around Berea, he remarked, Sfi deplorable. Thepeople arepoor,uueduoated,igno-..^^-^.,wm,.^ .TK^.-i.,;•NEW-YOBJL DAILY TRIBUm SATURDAY,-JANUARY 7, 1860.the figure alone was repeated. All the pupils am'servants waiting on the table witnessed this. • OH T H R BOUNDARY OF ANOTHER It was only occasionally, however, that"VSteVa*United States Minister to Nfcpk*. Aman Stoher. Suddenly!;the governess'becamestiffand !nearorejatjionBwitha;foiryoungmaiden,whose sweet marriage; sbeWill,however,'be;doliveredovertothe tooverseebisfarm:"''' ' ~,,, •,.., , , .,, , , Togiveauexampleortwo,tbe/O, ; and, seeming*«fe if Jabout-to faint, the" yOung and beautiful nature acts on his troubled life, like the In the midst dfv^rtbi8'«^6'''iBiB:'neW0's'O!f''th«: VisionmsTotfhtihsis bill'would be thus:•, alarmed, asked if tshe was worse. She repliea •custody of ^her father, ^W^^^li^.0^^^ in la Harper's Ferry affair,% thejfeari Ithe '/ielxpulfcion. Last; iWCaptainB now "receive for service* payv wojld,andnolittlepracticeinaffairs,hein thatshewasnot,butinaveryfeebleandlanguid harpofDavidontheevilspiritofSaul.*Herpresence conventduringher.minority. Fetis^tfaecoachman, Sabbathwasan^nte^estmg.Ana,solemndayatBerea. waitingorders,$2,500. Theiraverageofseaservioo*Tmtr2i'"vain;;"ine "awfur'sneoter. is/still'",befoie Turn;\^eWbeBg^odlc^afthe r^nftlf tlUM&d tho ^sketeh;in/tbe^vfenuary^<number of5the -fame magazine, in this way alreadyW& aoc^Mlished. Men from theUorth were pbtaininga^vorao^^ ^called$n|im^ ;fe 6tl$£^3nP»inr«rlP M community,aad ^ | ^ ^ l e t $ e n ^ ^ i ^ . n ^ says that since her acquittal, he (the speaker) had.so:attracted;the attention of ones«t to nnuse, and: C.Scott.;. ,ossesement el»Jri*i Bypoying up b<tlhw^tWttble,an D^reiwi during thJFar Arrear* of T . - JfWfnUfteni on' .-'. utAJMeinaeat Fno-StreetImpro-v«c .., I n l « n M t en, A %•* Chiixfo* <m Arrttfc <Chstm* on A n-« T'Ss^rcMjHty^ci.ILedtmvHo* o(I ATTcmnofCmfm• Interest on CtotWB-' • • . . • • . .SOIOIOE.—Mon tottii,72yearsofby taking two ot FfpEdsy;boldupon severalyearspwst riodicalnervous w^i^:jgreotiydrrp letterto bis'datt{ longerbattletb«;t sofekdeathas»r poison he statec v ofaphysician'wi eflect. .The le'ie room after his de.a verdict of ui 87 Eight* oven ieSXK»B»WS;"TUI Sotheriand ha« ay James Stephen -,tion for poisoni-ng wiil demand for 3^axiLxoxn' Em Elmore, a «l«rk56TMaiden, lane, Fite and Sparrov* -ecuoexzeling ^rn mi g»?teto$392 56. f meht was effecttic Ofthe money WJ Bowery Savings cosed deposited inolly and commitSKATING AT boring sagg«t>te< ruleti, adopted an,. fofiowing dircctii were yesterday { served that tho that skating is p< tolerable condiik hdlissecD, as. elevated poslim .thOeewhowb?ht pond, that the ice.journey tbithergive assurance tbwho remain on tld o s o at" t h e i r o w iDIRK Cl •Ja^re'ire ten 4^•bore, with -punt-: !*< aboulj approech t h e ' Th#re*ro' foot-<ci xu4d htfore rteppini,Ifo; tobacoj, d%x •hocld'be &opp*a ft D< npo crowd* skocmck w tbat blocki nutnV-«t of •ptrrB-'na 1Tbo I'ark-keeport i in ca»« of •»ici'->iiU:Caations or direct ImteediaielT con pi' 6Thericinitycrt'Ui avoided.A. BAIX tr21 b« Tower whenever<tl A. WEUT» P«>Jf; HOUMiathe c:d ilwalked" upoir witUca» be stXfiSDpte-i mmrrbe it« cocdi >oi the" ice trUh perl'-ct interest in mairiij "Wbiui reonant i-.. theicoiavery das^ pose of fonniijg a n flvinc tm*il n e w ic not Wj diapbned m pondjvfeouldbeciuaTie above tinttut store check npoi- ' ISxDfU;aBditJ*hop«*8Jl,:jtbat 9SWe°^ } occur. Byorder.oiOne of the two then passed close in front of the arm- Hymn Times;" an invaluable .work this, for its pur- to the cause of national independence. Although I really believechair, and actually through a portion of the figure. The appearance, "however, remained, after she had done so, for some time longer, still seated, as before. At last it gradually disappeared; and then it was ob- served that Mademoiselle Sagee resumed, with all her usual activity, her task of nower-gathering. Every one of the forty-iwo pupils saw the same figure in the someway.Some of the young ladies afterward asked Made-moiselle Sagee if there was anything peculiar .in herTHEIR RECEPTION BY THE COLORED POPULATION OF CINCINNATI.From The Cincinnati Gazette, Jan. 4. rAt the late session o f t h e Arkansas Legislature a nThisphenomenoncontinued,undervariousmodifica-disaenslydecidedthat-itwasbetterto devoteattention to spontaneous, and casual phenomena, in ali, for about a year and a half; at intervals, how- one of bis colleagues the other day, he said: " Well, The ladies who have the matterincharge are Meadacnes jwther than to those that are formally evoked—to ever—sometimes intermitting for a week, sometimes ' , I have concluded upon a time when I shall stop Berry," J. Bigelow, Dr. S. Bigelow, Beylard, Borel,Reception Committee, Peter H. Clark, that if they were industrious and jexemplary in their conduct, they would be sure to gain a good livelihood and many friends. The exiles, as before stated, jare mostly, wo- men and children, the husbands and fathers being held in servitude. They report concerning the emigration, that btmdredo o f the free colored men. of Arkansas have left for Kansas, and hundreds more ore about to follow.,. ,jTHE ARKANSAS EXILES.—The colored persons drivenfrcm Arkansa? by the, Anti-Free-Negro L aw of thatState, reached our city yesterday by the cars, theHickman being detained in the ice. JUpon their arri-val they were waited upon by a committee of theirpeople, who, through the Chairman, Peter H. Clark,assured them they were welcome to| Ohio, and toldtbem that by sobriety, industry, and exemplary habits,they would win friends and a support. They are fortyin number, mostly women and children: The husbandsof most of the women are slaves, andi of course werefor several weeks at a time. It seemed chiefly to voting for Sherman; in short, when I will abandon Cruger, Crunch, Cnrti8, Devereux, DePau, T .. S. appearances and irregularities that present them- present itself on occasions when the lady was verypose.•'•>'•:''••''"'••- •.— —that this battalion of boys will do good service should it be called to fight against the enemies of Italian independence,its chief im- portance is of a moral ki«d. and is. such as will be easily under- stoodbyallsensiblemeninEurope.". , 1—The American ladies resident or sojourning inParis,interestedinthesuccessoftheProtestant becomingslaves. Aejthetimeofprobationhasnow andnow,daily,frommorningtonight,thebollocW*BOOKS RECEIVED. Morphy'H Game*in Buropo and America.act was parsed giving tbe free negroes of that State ger," and disease. With Jan. 1 commences tho distribu-With Analytical and Critical Notes, by'J. LOwentbaL 12mo.pp.478. IX Ap-pletonto,Co.Mi«repre»©rta;ion. ANovel. ByAnnaH.Drary. 8vo.pp.211. Harper fc Brothers..Irvingiona A Memorial of Washington Irving. 8vo. pp. 64.Charles B . Richardson.Self-Help. B y Samuel Smiles. 12mo. pp. 863. Harper k,Chapel, in the Rue de Berri, have organized a Fair,for tbe purpose of raising fundsto.be applied to thethe alternative oi migrating before Jan. 1, 1860, or of tion of coal and money to the most needy and worthy, expired, while some jjfew individuals have preferred pied by Mr. Geo. Kellock, jr., Superintendent of rthefeelings on this occasion. She replied that she recol- arothere. support of the church. The fair i8 to be held in thelectedthisonly:that,happeningtolookup,andper- AHistoryoftheCemeteryofMountAuburn. ByJacobBigo- finehallontheBoulevarddeeItaliens,wherethethe upward-bound boats ore crowded With them, _and that Seymour, Ind., on the line of the Ohio and Mis- sissippi Kailroad, affords a temporary home for others.I. '..him, and trysomebody else."colleague, a^little alarmed,Corwin looked very grave and solemn a s h e replied, in alow tone of voice, "When old Gabriel blows hisEvan?, Dr.T. W. Evans, F^gnani,, G. W. Giles, J. M. Giles, Glaenzer, Green, Hutcbinson, Hutton, Jones, Main, Moore, Pepper, Post, Phalen, Richards, Sargent, Sbarpley, Smith, Townsfend, Trotter,'Tucker, Thomp-son, Thorndike, Walab, and Warden.—The Freeman'scratic) publishes at length the correspondence betweenWm. S . Chirk o f Schoharie and Fred. W . Hoffman, a s theiralternates.one of his pupils) with whom be has lived in wedlock fortwentyyears,willdeclarethattheywereneverle-fluence. Oneafteranother, as they went homeforthe holidays, failed to return; andthough the true rea-sonwasnotassignedtothedirectors,theyknewitwell. Beingstrictly uprixht and conscientiousmen, of the NewTestament,whose conduct is commended,is repre- descended sofarastogo totbe. ladiesofmembersof however, and very unwilling that a well-conducted, sented as a close student, riding in his chariot and reading the his Cabinet and ask of them to cut Mrs. Douglas, and diligent, and competent teacher should lote her posi- Scriptures. The Ethiopians of our day,; down South, are, to a put her under their social ban.\ -and congenial themes..,NEW MUSICAL WORKS.—The indefatigable pub- nnmber of. the adoletcenti, so that the batta'ion hasnowcom-lishers of music, Oliver Ditson &lCo» of Bostsn, have plett-dita numerical strenth. These little soldiers are dressed in a dark green tunic, with red cuffs with a white edge, and dark issued "TheHomeCircle," a volume of216 pages, greentrowner?: Onmyarrival here thismorningfromjReggio I happened to see them while maneuvering on the parade-ground opposite to the castle. 1 was really at the some time astonished and amused to see how perfect and orderly their movementa were. They went through all sorts of military evolution* with such steadiness and precWon as could scarcely have been sur- passed by grown-up soldiers after many months of training andother slave States of the Union. ,Mr. Reed, another ofthe exiles, then addressed a few words to the congregation, corroborative of his co-laborerrs account o f t b e condition o f t h e people of and around Madison County.Washington, where he will at once take hi» teat in the Senate. Many of his friends and admirers called upon him, andwere received wichhisproverbialcordiality.containing waltzes, polkas, redowas, marches, & c , for the piano-forte, capitally arranged and printed, and very cheap. Likewise, a "New Methodfor tbe Melo- deon, Harmonium, and Other Instruments o f the Organ Class, Eelectsd mainly, from Zundel's Melodeon I n - structor, towhich are added a. Collection of the most popular Songs of the Day, and a variety of Psalm andSTATISTICS The usual religious exercises concluded the meeting. FROM THE SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICK- -A visit paidlow. 12mo. pp. 263. JODJOR Munroeit Co.POLITICAL.—rThe Washington correspondent of Tke.N. Y. oftheFair,which opene on Tuesday next, the10th Ten, appointedfrom£becoloredpeopleofthecity,by tions, throughout t i e whole time that Mademoiselle Evening Post understands that Mr. Corwin has fixed inst., and is to continue for three days. M. Petijt, the whom tne refugees wpre escorted to tbe Dumas House,Sagee retained her situation at 'Neuwelcke; that is en-McAllister street, at which place a formal reception throughoutaportionoftheyears1S45and1846;and, uponatimewhenhewilldesertSherman. Meeting proprietorofthehall,hasoffereditsuse,freeofehaTge. washeld. TheyweroassuredbytheChairmanoftheceiving the teacher's arm-chair to.be vacant, she nad thought to herself, " I wish she had not gone away: these girls will be sure to be idling their time and get- ting into eonie mischief."paintings of M. Court have'been, for some monthspast, on exhibition; and the artist has generously con-sented to leave the pictures unremoved until the close Kailroad. They were welcomed by a Committee of(CatholicGrow and Branch, and thus handsomely compliments Garibaldi's million of muskcta. Piccolomini sang aJournala n d Demo-'—Onthe4thult.au immense concert,ever given in Florence, was held for the benefit ofthe Pennsylvania Representative: '!, •'.'.friends to be menof determinedphysical courage, butMr. Orow has shown that h o is equally possessed of t h e bighor quality of moral courage.. His plea is not byanymeansthatheisanon- combatant. Hisan*wer impliesthatheisathoroughfightingman —but he declines violating, at oroe the la«rs of the Christian re- ligion,andthelawsofbis couniry,byacceptingthebarbarousand unreasonable appeal to a deiiberate trial of skill at murder. Mr. Grow Is a political opponent, but we must say that,in this matter, he has entitled himself to the respect oi c'viiizcd men."thewholeschool,thattherewasnoimaginationhxthecase, the matter began to reach the earsof the parents.Someofthemoretimidamongthegirls,also, becamemuch excited, and evinced great alarm whenever theyhappened to witness so strange and inexplicable a —Sharply sayB Mr. Weed of The Evening Journal: gally married, hoping thereby to clear him from theDuring the eighteen months throughout which myj&enomena, relating to the subject, that have been informant had an opportunity «f witnessing this phe- Jj. O'B. Branch. These gentlemen are known t " their respective with the Piedmontese Cross, it is said that the enthu-Sit--" W e depart from our rule now, to express our entire commehd- dation of tbe course taken by Mr. Galusha A. Grow in regard to Mr.Prayer to the Piedmontese Cross, composed for her. As she fang it w,ith her hand on tie Italian tricolor—The Democrats o f t h e XVIIIth CongressionalNew-York District (Fulton, Montgomery, Schenecta-dy and Schoharie) have delegated t o t b e CharlestonConvention Daniel D . Campbell o f Schenectady,andJacobI.RadcliffeofMontgomery,and appointed fieldBingingmasterwhosocruellybetrayedandruinedMARINE AFFAIRS.SHIP EUTERPE ASHORE.• Vmost barbarous extent, precluded from reading the Scriptures, or any thing else."—Tbe nomination of William Richardson of Albany to the Clerkfchip of the Assembly, by acclamation, was aswelldeserveda compliment tothemanasitwasavaluable encouragement to the poor and unaided in the United States to rely upon their manhood, and perse- vere in the ways of virtue and industry.—A writer in The Georgia Constitutionalist ie out in favor o f rescinding the three-fifths rule, and basing representation in Congressper capita on all the slaveswith very fair complexion, bght-blue eyes, chestnut fessed that previous to her engagement at Neuwelcke should not be satisfied unless this be done right away.' Sherman, the Republican candidate for Speaker, *a Swift, third mate, do.; John Swain, Nantucket; Goo.bair, slightly above the middle eize and of slender fig- she had been teacher in eighteen different schools, He is also out in favor of a n e w Fugitive Slave law, present o f 200 bottles o f his famous Catawba wine. Perry, New-Bedford; j Stuart, Richard Harley, poor. O f late, about 10,000 tuns has been the averageace. In character she was amiable, ouiet, and good having entered the first when only sixteen years of making the Federal Treasury responsible for tbe value, —^Mr. Peter Boyne, Editor of The Edinburgh Wit- Cornwall, England ; John Bannard, Westcheater annual amount thus disposed of by the city. Thus for,t o e was Mademoiselle EmClie Sagee, a French lady, It is very, very hard to bear!" When asked whatJMDDijon. ShewasoftheNortherntype—ablonde, shemeantbysuchanexclamation,shereluctantlycon- intheSouthernStates,anddeclaresthattheSouthNorth Fair Haven; Wm. Ward, first mate, o f N e w There are three coal-yards, six yard-keepers, and150 —MrjLongworthof-Cincinnntiihassent|toMr. Bedford;JohnLambert,tecondmate,do;CharlesS. carmenemployedinthedistributionoffueltotbe>tampered- not at all given to anger or impatience; but age, and that, on account of the strange'and alarmingofanasjdonsdisposition,and,astoherphysicaltem- phenomenonwhichattachedtoher,shehadlost,after ofthefugitive,ifnotrecovered;ofarevenuetariffupon ness,hasbeenappointedEditorofTheDial, thenewCounty, New-York; and a young lad, name unknown, the number o f the applications for aid a r e thought t o belongingtoPhiladelphia..Astheweathermoderated beaboutthesameaslastWinter. Theiramenee>Sagee'sinfancy,orprevioustohersixteenthyear,nor tiveoftheprovisionsoftheConstitutionandthefugi- Afterbrieflynarratingtbecircumstanceainthelivesof whether, in the case of any of her family or of her an- tive slave law, to occupy seats in that body. Fee and Rogers, au also of himself which broughtandbadethempaynoattentiontoit.But, after a time, things much more extraordinary, and which could not DOset down to imagination or mistake, began to occur. One day the governess was giving aJesson to a class of thirteen, of whom Mado- moimle de Guldenstubbe was one, and was demon-board.Whilejshewasdoingso,andtheyoungladies teacherthere.Noone,therefore,couldhavehada.week,andhispropositionforaSouthernConfedera- withinhimselfthattherewasaproperfieldforhimiuger, the Commissioner from South Carolina, by thetribution isaneffort to cure a 'symptom rather than-S ':'1WepartwithMr.Owen andhisinterestingvolume without any change in our convictions that proposed, in certain very possible contingencies, will seemed to be far distant. The Harper's Ferry ofFair;undoubtedly be held out.PERSONAL.by the French brig, purporting to be the captain of the schooner William, who reported hiB mate and crew toiheirdescriptionofUsappearanceandofitsmotions. pursuedbisresearches,the"night-sideof nature" JefiersoD,Ohio,willsoonreturntoourStateto fulfill maintenanceoftheworkthereinproarrew. StiU,more, Iftheyhave sufficient proofto.keep himincustody tachmentoftheKnightsoftheGoldonCircleleft thi»adding to this apprehension o f danger was tho know-somelectureengagements. Hemaybeaddressedat ledgeoftheabsenceofMr.Fee,andrhereportofre-untiltheCunOi'dboatoflastWednesdavarriVosat <ityadayortwoagofor \^^^S^%0mSfVSeLiverpool, announcing the arrival of tho Wanderer at with-what intentions or designs is known only to the- Utica,N.X.,uptothel^thinst. murksmadebyhimintheEasternStates; Theresult Boston',withthestatementofhermateandcrewaswas a number of meeting*, ending iu tho expulsion: to the'voyage of tho Wanderer ondlho acts of hercap- initiated members. It is believed that they hove gone*-till remains covered with a thick vail, which no tione de Wrangel, having obtained, permission, with eye has been able to penetrate;bookfcg.herdret*.Tiesuddenapparitionproduced thisstory,totheillustrationofthepresenceofadivine education,andisquiteyoung.Shei»anativeofCa-rant.Manymenandwomenamongthopeople.sur-!;"Burleigh,';the,NewsYorjk*oorrosponc|antofJr%« rounding'the colony are unable to read or ..write.THE IRVING MAGAZINE.—A. new)..foha, 16-na^i weeklyperiodical,.entitledJ1TheIrvingMagazine,"ciDuchefiectonherthatshefainted. Nemesisinhumanaffairs,andthe.exposureofthe lais,Maine)whereshewasbornalittlemorethanjTheirhabitationsarepoor—manyofthemcontaining BostonJournal, inaloWer<dat*dJan.4,says:Moatimpaesedby,awl»imilarphenomenawerestill criminaltotheactionofretributivejustice. SirJGLohan twenty years ago. Shebelongs toa branchofthe :but oneroom,without windows. Their clothing is j f'A:newEuropean^Uno:id<ooutemplated. Itvfill published by &uith&,Honey, hasreached itsthird->epeaUdv Sometimes, at dinner, the double appeared is brought rather abruptly upon the scene as the victim Prescotts o f New-England, a family o f distinction both poor, and many are, .even i n the present iahospitable embrace, i f formed, the Adriatic, tho jVonderbUt, tile . . , standingbehindtheteaeWschairandimitatingher weather,buthalfcovered. Amongsuchapeoplethis Fulton,andtheAragojandwillruntoSouthamptonv j*i»aberl^dWdi.fairaoa<}hjte»fc-.«iioM» Itaarticle*'j»«tionsa«sheate--Kml/tbatitohandsheldnoknife ofaghostlyvisitation;adim,mysterious,butterrible initsearlierandlaterperiods,inarmsandinliterature. mieeionwasestablished,tothewakingupofalively Partiesininterestarosanguineofsuboets/'''»''andselectionsoftalesandeketohe*evinceoon*id*rabte~ SA h .'-.'.!?'.s •,'-' .Jl'r'iW 'i'-i? '>.'.'.••-; i'.' .',<„•' 'i, i,' »H\i' «VWVV or«**a- «4'**w u'' ''•'*.*•'l $t>n •rd0: .>* '•> 3>0;XT!,M<!,.:H,imUUmt)tiiitf.\ ^ •'' '• • - ' ' ' ' -i-.•,.(,!IbhiA•UiHi M/*#*-/> •fi^tWv mt^Hx /r-.^-i^ .i-j*i« dtjj $*okmm-j£..Mfii..(ft.i. bill i« i-; a?./,„/o f *lUM^j^iaosim*!^*?^*?^^^^£^^^m^!E^lMLHer family is also^ related .to. that of^Sir W m . & &MisBPreecokt is the author of a storyvolj i n k i n g char-.. ~aren»^wejre'iuiyrovtog;'tby~hwd»woi^..^xxtexnai;bod^s:.-ndt:''bease''vtO'..be hauntedi ^ i m ^ ^ c w c ^ i a a dipioaaatie capac- moieeUede WTrangef, was sitting by her bedsidei rbacU fJfc^ett^oii^S tpone. Jin,|bis crisis; "irVis brought into Mile*'Angelina Lemoine has received several offers of slaveholder that,therejwos talk.of bis >being employed inaddition to the pay now^ aatborisjedbyww *•t voice. A few seconds afterward^ Mademoiselle: de "becomes';! anantidote to the secret venom, WMch;has ly entitled to challenge attention in his aiscus- Wrangel, happening; to lobk round, fsawj quicedi^ sapped tie vitals of hisiexistence, and a new morning*« •»»' *tj* jiti3b|eot which is raiely presented except tinctly. the figure of the governess walking upland seems about to dawn on the midnight gloom. A Bpon-^3^Uhto^|i&rit^«f- «attk«siaunn or partuanahip. down vie apartment* This time' the yoang lady hadsufficient self-control to remain quiet, and even 'to taneqns sympathy unites them in a profound and pure*°f'SBrt&iw!waafirstdirectedtothepretensionsof makenoremarktothepatient. Soonafterwardshe attachment,whenjustuponthemomentthatistosealreceived a douceur of lOOfi, while tbe trial was going Atsembledin'tbe'rchVol-house'abd church,addresses may be at*umed at twenty years, sna I percent per on for going to a^photographer's to^sitfor bis portrait., were made by those who were1 to be driven from their annum for eea Bervice'wooid give tbem 20 per contrahomesj and by others, and afterword with many tears, then* salaries respectiveiyi On duty they Vftottii re- Tbelionee at Chinpn which Mme. and Mile. Lemoine and with inucn o f regret, a parting took place., A few ceive ^3,50C—20 per cent, $700—or $4,200: .:. fofihinhibited'! is advertised for sale, and crowds of people days after tbe people m whbse »midst the now exiles Cbmmanders, tbeir average service being mxteoa goeverydaytolookatit. Onthechimney-piecein badlaboredentertainedthemat*adinner. On'Thurs- years',receiving2pei*centperannum,'or32perbentyJ»iMi$m spiritualism white residing:at Naples, in *fc« Autumn of 1855. TJntxl that time he hod re-wholematterasadelusion,and,batfor of M intelligent friend and former ool- Tsarie, the Viscount de St. Amaro, Brazilian Min-,jlptiwc; at Naples, wovld probably never have submit- ted it to a serions examination. It was through ikat the attention of Mr. Owen was turned to phenomena of a magneto-psychological afcaraeter, and to the study of analogous subject*. 2asisapartments, on the4thof March,1856,in >«"presence ofhrmcelfandbiswife;togetherwith •aoember of the royal family of Naples, the author tor the first time witnessed certain physical move- 4iti«& ap^arentJy without material agency. Three later, an incident occurred, during an even- "afTheRussianMinister's,whichappearedinex-came down stairs, looking very paley and related what ehehad witnessed., . . . eH' . 5 •^ '•" ^'#«ii»j .•'"••'••••. iBut the most remarkable example of this seemingtheir"'happiness,:a frightful revelation is made, theeternal ghost stalks bloodstained across the scene. Sirthe drawing-room, there are two porcelain vases, in the style of the Empire, representing subjects whichday followed the. exodus. • I n t h e rain^the mud, and the cold, they set'bat for ''this'"region. T h e exiles, i a all- this, were hopeful and'happy^ the poor ones lefton $2,500 sea pay, would be equal to, |3,300.v <>/;>/ Lieutenants, tbeir"average sea service being; thun^a,-^Ofthe Autumn of 1858, and led to such a tragical conclu- tbis colony were ' not; the fiery fanatics or the rowdy titled to a yearly pay of $1,800. . «*3«S«S 4 Onedayalltheyoungladiesoftheinstitution,tothe isatlightoutlineofaplot,whichinitsdarkandterrir sion. Themottoesonthesetwovasesare—"Com- sclasfl,butthewealthyandthestrong,whVbadlong Tbebill"tomodifythe,seaservn^V*7 w^Ptsrwn%studied upon it, but; who, ignorant of tbddesigns of in the Navy," gives to each of those officers, whenat- fie cOlorp, reminds one of the somber creations of Haw- ment I'esprit vieni aux fiUcs" miL " Comment Vesprit the mission, thought it unsafe to allow its existence,in tached to vessels for sea service: For tho first five thorne and Poe, Mrs. Radcliffe and Monk Lewis, vient aux garcons." .: t :;• ; t • their midst. During the first excitement there was no years after tbe date of their commissions,. $l,oW;.|orthough without the artistic skill of the former, or the v< delay in the continuation of the work, nor any waver- he second five years, $2,400: after ten years' servjse^ - «: —George Munday, thewell-known hatless prophet ngintheprosecutionofthe details ofbusiness. All 3,000. Tbeirhl«aveofabsence/?*'waitingOrdot%,'> elaborate machinery.of horrors which is wielded with and ecctntric philosboher, gave a feast to the old believed it safe to remain until the detenninatioh to ;nd "other duty pay," to remain as jwoviaedjin'tiionumber of forty-two. were assembled in the same room, engaged in embroidery. • It was a spacious hall on the first floor of the principal building, and had four large windows, or rather glass doors (for they opened to the floor), giving entrance to a garden of some extent in front of the house. There was along table in the center of the room; and here it was that the various classes were wont to unite for needleworkorsimiaroccupations*'Onthisoccasion theyoungladieswereallseatedatthe tablein question,whencethey could readilyseewhat passed m> the garden; and, while engaged attheir work, they had noticed Mademoiselle ^SagCethere, not far from the house, gathering flowers, ofwhich she was very fond. A t the head of the table,seated in an arm-chair (of green morocco, my inform-antfays,shestilldistinctlyrecollectsthatitwas);sat remorsefulagonywhichformtheground-toneofthe thatboysbetweentheagesoff8and15yearshadproveduseful couldanyoftheexiles,and;alreadygoodhasre-anotherteacher,inchargeofthepupils. Afteratime narrative. Inthedetailsoftheplot,inspiteofits inthedaringmilitaryoperationshewascalledtoaccomplish. At sulted. Some,evenoftheslaveholders, that knew $§&&':'• '.'•.•• :suchterribleeffectbythelatter. Thestory, certainlyi womenofthePhiladelphia BlockleyAlms-Houseon forceanexileortoexterminatebydeaWbecameap- exhibits great vigor of imagination, a remarkable in- New-Year'a day. • •::\.';'';. '..'>. • .,parent-; then but two alternatives remained, flight or sightintotheworkingsofthedarkerpassions,andan fight. FriendBwerearoundwhowould haveresisted.occasionalpowerofdescription,thatit-wouldbediffi- —TbespecialcorrespondentinItalyofTJte London evenuntodeath; buttbe coloniets believedthatthey theIfew-JereeyCentralRailroadCompanyhave iaad& culttomatchinanyrecentproductionsof fiction. The Daily Neics went to Scaudiano toseeabattalionof should,carryontheirlabor in love andinpeace,and400children,"quarteredintheoldcastle. Hesave:theypreferredexile,with thesilent preaching their arrangements fortheapplicationof elec^rtwnagnetitaidelineation of Miriam presents a winning picture ofuncoxtcious beauty, andnobleness of character, inadmirable contrast with the fierce wickedness and in the defense of Rome in 1849, tWs gallant loader had noticed vacant acres of land, a tongue ,,w speak louder than effect of light iocomotives, on up grade*, orvon.a w,«tm.tbe beginning of the late campaign, having found that |he Lom-'••••" M'v:'i nli • ".:-I-bard cities through which he marched his triumphant legionshadCITY imfflfcdrilling. Their commanding officer, Count John Arrivab|one, is a young nobleman of 23. H e belongs to an illustrious Mantuan family, which, since 1821,^8* contributed a great many soldiura,EXPULSION,;OF FREE NEGROES FROM .ARKANSAS.during the first week of the new year to the Botanda in the Park, occupied as the office of thei Governors sit the Aims-House, painfully brings to mind the fact that thisveryholidayseason, more joyous thananyother to the rich, is to thepooronlythebeginning<il,tho period during which tbey suffer most from cold, hun-THE KENTUCKYEXILES.LOSS OF T H E SILAS HOLMES.rived at New-Orkane, with part o f the crew o f shipbooks open,'and are on hand to get visited before loss the19thult. Amongthemenrescuedisthemateof brazenandperhapsmoredeeervingapplicants.Nearly^three o f t h e gentlemen passengers/ a n d t h e second are more frequently German than Irish, and often havet mate; The ship was then m a sinking condition. Therewere, however, two boats left, and tho-mate supposed handsome depoeite in the Savings iBanks, wbicbi thjsgrs.thecaptain,crew,andthebalanceofthepassengers, donotcaretodrawuponwhileoutofwoxit; Mnny: upwardofthirtysoulsinall,took^tbthemondaTarge too,whoareknowntobeneedy,onlybecause'they/1raft they had nearly constructed when the ship went will not work, consume more time iu loafing around* down. Nothing,however,hasbeenheardofthornsince,noristheirfatekaown. TheSilasHolmeshad the Superintendent's office, andbegging ftr'Teliefy;Thesubjectof . o f tiiodepartmcr nonactionwa«ta1who ore sickwil ilr.BOWK,><>ilpeiftnteudent b ing u>the Boardn<N:tcdwithtl«J Wardonthe—! ThoBoardtheTHE SDtTH-A YIT» «*• Editor cj[ 1 Sm: TheSixt*f:u.iiljinthehsbit< •card,"Baliup;soo •wiin Mjrtwlota*-'1* * Afewday*iin«,r»^ "W'eweretoldaitiw ibat day, and tbe B «««e*tA.o -the iVwi &oo» the fia^Mlift" jfcod akating, Ctd U «;oaey..Ne^c-York, Jua.i• ""THEi TottuEditPrtf T SIR: Wilifvoi to H : for-hi* arti.'Jeavenue Rail-©* i.-'' worsen whose Cee« a* no truly *xi>' '>g b^pe, S&tr Edit or. 1 rx-cted to thi* {' -ut poor»orea*uxea, '»n» «nd W. advocan-* ttdH^rtn^iul CO«BunouiRivs.- "vo« cattcht e a r 01of.helagerbtv which it %t (fttea TM ttore oi Mrenteredbymwft»<*ot no good* |•r >redoWater*oftv-': i&cejr«Men,•pt.« d 'v^raa,jaahre aa- uiofeaoaped.out o',j _..Iv;i-.1 -A'."SuooxstiaJitutioua, kuc, '.•yhua*.butn noIfllctedwith* m:, li.jsuiutf thier o%."•*'*•-.?•• •>—It is reported that the wife of. Reed (the Spring-The ship Euterpe, Capt Arey, from Baltimore, with600tunsofcoal, isashore ontheupperendofBomer WardoftheHospital; amotherwantedafewfeetof Shoal. Shehasa list to. port athalf-ebbtide. The the Potter's Field for the burial of an only child, steamitugMarylandisalongsideofher. TheEuterpe and many like petitions were made, all of* was built in Bock]and, Maine, in 1854, is 1,987 tuns which received prompt and suitable attention.—James Russell Lowell, tho poet, will be an occa-A few days ago w e published an account of the ex-the loet ship, who reports that the Holmes left GardenIsland Key on the Ilth', leaking badly, sbo havingbeenashoreontheKey,aspreviouslyreported. By2o'clockonthemorning'oftho16th.thewater'wasupto icansandallothernotions. Manyincomparatively" herdecks,-when,therebeingnolongeranyhopesof good circumstances think it a nioe thingto* saving,her,Capt.Griffithputallthewomen,fivein get fuel outof theCorporation, .and,;bdmeV$ number, on board the best small-boat he had, with with a mournful tale of imaginary suffering*. These*on board when she sailed from New-York, twenty-one than would buy a tun of cool,'if properly tMnployed b»i cestors, a similar peculiarity had appeared. them to Berea, lie proceeded to consider tho condition steerage pupecngers, which, with Capt. Griffith, the sawing wood or shoveling snow.-HErtkc. the soap-I had the above particulars from Mademoiselle de —The Washington correrpondent of Tke Philadel- of the colony. When be arrived tbere he had fouud a Guldenstubbe beraelf; and- she kindly gave me per- phia Ledger says that the reception of Mr. Memmin- few faithful, noble.souls, suffering many privations, mission to publish it, with every particular of name, destitute, yet cheerful, hopeful,, and happy, laboringofficers and crew, would make forty-two souls in all. house and many another charity, the city reoalrdi$|[There must therefore be thirty-three missing. TheFromthefirstthismission-stationhasbeenopposed," .Jthe greatestbut now, a reaction having taken place, mob violenceoccurred. That emeute uatnrally excited,the people, have-run away .with hia schooner while he was onUntitled Documentrest, in many places, in favor of education and of b. The children of many slaveholders were at- ding the school, and the prospects of business'is IKCHEASK OF THE P A T OF HAVT OJTICMtS. ' Thebillintroduced intheSenate bySenatorMal- lorv Chairman of tbe Committee on «aval Afliarg,totbe rm4*imh&yfy&^^ tains,'nricei and many facilitjes for-*\ mole c^an*ortab1e lifeabfieuce would furnish, tothe shedding of blood; to alocomotive ontbeirjroadas an experhnent* Shottld . 'Thereisinthesesilentmonitors!which'are leftbe-servitude,thegreatbodyof thefreecoloredpeopleofOut-Door Poor, is densely thronged with the wretched] of all races and ages. Mr. Kellock himself is admira- bly fitted for bis post, both by character and experi- ence. He bos filled the office for twelve years-4iMi ease having fortunately been one of those rare instanced •where party considerations have not been allo-wed tp supercedethemanifest "fitnessofthings." Dayafter day be aits at bis desk, listening patiently to the thou- sandtalesofwothererehearsed,keepinghiaowi» record books, and dispatching business with a rapidity* which nothing but tact, a knowledge of every number of every city street, and a memory of mnmBerable faces and cases registeied from year to year, could possibly attain. All applications for admission to thd Bellevue Island Hospital, the Alms-House, Work> house, or Randall's Island, for burial on Word's Island",, and for fuel and pecuniary aid, must be mode to M r . Kellock, or his clerks. Of the latter there are at present seven, most of whom are occupied with.th* coal department alone. During the business hours of the day, the Superintendent receives all the other clashes of applicants abovenamed. There ore. many attempts at imposture, but he rarely foils to detect at aglance a. known or unknown case of this kind;ting for half an hour wichin tbe Superintendent's desk,. it was interestingtomark thechangeful sequenceofArkansas a.re on tb«i^way JWrthyYard. ^e learja tQat'A party of forty, mostly women and children; arrived in this city last evening by the Ohio and Mississippicane, during which lost the rudder, and part of thestern •coming off, the vessel filled so; rapidly that all even half or the whole of a tun. Whatever the amountHolmes also had a valuable cargo, which was partlyinsuredinNew-Orleans. ' theditease, andis consequently attended-^;try those,•KROM."';(Me.)Briton, arrived here on Friday last, we learn thattheformsofagreatcity.,The Portland" B ytheNorthctof1842. rWasbingtonStar, ' • > • « « < — • — — — — ••TRACTION BYMAGNKTISK.—Wo areinformed-inatTHEOUT-DOORPOO^R—8CENES • AND'iv-^MjM .-•;.•" *LECTURES »r D R . SCUDDER.—-The Rev. Dr. Scadider will repeat his entertaining course of lecture* on>India, at the Cooper Institute, commencing on Mondayevening next; and at Henry Ward Beecher's Church, f » fi,i,.« Lmm.««i«« A« Ts,iDju„ —»„;***&&» <»^«*»m** Tuesdayeveamg.I•&d«. #i THEK.G.C's.—Itiscurrentlyreportedthata"do-'it Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com '.•^»».-.'.. I—...^. ••••••••••I•••••-- —•—"— — — — * *