 5are not wanting shrewd observers who believe.I »s»*sW, 90U1 IssVv sasfU I*) ftfsTlVsIs" *NEW YORK HERALD. ja.___B.a> W O M D O " • « W « » * , » . PwHtjl7-321 ; rosl* ttr«.Our attention It called, not for ibeAiDotniiTnjW a IBS—ow aw *• «s_sas^a•*• *OABOB*.Onreception of the Prince of Wales exa<|they occurred, oar correspondents follow|rOyal party, step by step, from .Newfoafwjeetward to the prairies of Illinothence through the central«States to 4$j U|m. thing they never or rarely show to our peo-we are assured that the feeling is reciprocated. Short, however, as has been his stay amongst as, it has shown him more of the true character of our people and given him a jus ter conception ofirnttrr»s_s___n»*stSBass**- returned, which in a great measure will takeKIBLO'8 SALOOKprevent their carrying out their political pro- gramme, and generally paralyze their partv. Hence the Republican National Committee have issued the circular signed, by Governor Morgan, of this State, appealing to the rank and file of the republican party on the important question of toe Congressional elections—a ques-tion scarcely second In importance to the Presi- dential election itself. Indeed, in eome respects it would be better to have a conservative Con- gress* and a black republican President than a blaclt republican Congress and a conservativewhich your_ »Bat S—warna*—UTUMIcuaioai'liiramon has concentrated the greater part of his forces in the city of Mexico, and those of the Id constitutional government have gathered in great pait at Queretaro. It 1B not yet certain where they will make their attack, or whether they will make any at aU. The general opiniontary qua] if cationsand scientificattainmentscitizens; and what was so gratifying, not an ac-Herald — Krftttoa tmt •wrap**VarfcThe Canard mail eteamahlp Canada, Capt. Lang, will PresidentShe English newspaper is only j a s t e s Miramon had the energy to seize Marquez, and om the trammels of ignorance and pre| e has hell him in prison for four monthspart of the- sons cf our wealthy merchants anddiscipline and j order which they exhibited, itleave Boston, on Wednesday, for Liverpool. „.TV main for aorope will okMW la ton oity to-aorrow afternoon at a quarter pan OM o'clock to go by railroad,their employes. The striking ensemble whichg for that robbery, only liberating him a this magnificent body of men presented so im right to ieel proud, and which must have beenand at a quarter to four o'clock to go t»jr steamboatTbeEoaonua -MTKMI of TD Ua«-u» mu oe published majority in the House of Representatives, thein the last century newspapers Were more than official gazettes, or vehicles dissemination of slang and obscenity government kept the printers under thfew weeks since. It remains to be seen pressed his Royal Highness that he paid them e whether Juarez possesses sufficient energy to the highest compliment that can be offered to a ibt ' deal in a similar manner with Degollado. h\ military force—that of reviewing them in uni- to stress of money the government at Vera Cruz form. Then followed his reception by thehighly instructive to the statesmen who accom- panied the Prinjce of Wales in his tour, if not to the Prince himself. In the chief city of no other country in the world is such a spectacle possible.at too o-ei.«-a to w«e morning fmgie copies, to wrap- per!, alz centa.7ae en-Nats at Use Evaoi—a Samoa oi m Hmui* will combine the aewe received by aaail and telegrapb at Ua ofltoa <t>irtag too preylos_ weak, and up to the hoarexpenses of the government would amount to$100,000,000 a year, instead of $80,000,000, as est surveillance. They were not permi•I smblhmtton_fortunate deer, and if they only succeed in gain-Log the prize, they will tear it to pieces and iprtio, crouched to the strangers' galler||'yaa consent of Captain AlCham, the British navalThese citizen firemen and the citizen soldier; who passed tht Prince in review on Thursday are organizations peculiar to our free demo- cratic government With such defenders the American people have no need of standing armies, and have no fear of any hostile combi- nations againbt them. Their courteous recep- tion, therefore,, of the princely representative of a friendly Power cannot be construed into sed in presence of the overwhelming demonstra liberal without the imputation of meanness in tion gotteri up by our citizens on this occasion its motive. Nor can any one suppose that theThe Prince's reception by the pseudo aristo- reception which the Prince of Wales met withcracy of our city was, though well intended, in New York is a tribute to royalty, for it is soTito He-era.worry each other to death. The spoils in any always in mortal fear of the eergejmt-at commander^-rwhfle Miramon has resorted toWe publish this morning a lot of correspondencefrom all parts of Mexico, which presents a fair pic-ture of that unfortunate republic. The strikingfeatures of the news are the retreat—it cannot becalled anything else—of the liberals from beforethe capital; the defeat of Degollado, commander-in-chief of the liberals, by Vidaurri; the completeresuscitation of Miramon's strength, who has, not- ed public plunder would be like the five barleym ithstanding his recent defeat at Silao, a powerful loaves and two fishes to the crowd that followedarmy in the field; the postponement of the attackon Vera Cruz by Spain; a new attempt at media- our Saviour, till they were multiplied by a mira-tion by the resident foreign Ministers, and the rob- bery of the conducta by Degollado. There has also been a sub-revolution in Lower California, where an attempt was made to oust the liberal government appointed by Juaree, but it was sup- pressed,though not without some bloodshed. Not- withstanding so many prophecies, the end Is notyet, but far from it, in Mexico.We give this morning some additional intelligencefrom California and Central and South America, brought by the steamship North Star.The news from Peru states that there is no pro- bability of the American claims against that coun-cle. But the republican leaders can work no miracles of that kind unless they get possession of the House of Representatives as well as of the President's chair. If they cannot make good their liberal promises to their followers, the latter will feel disgusted with a party out of which they can make nothing. Demoralizationand a breaking up will inevitably ensue.The republican leaders, therefore, deem a majority in the House of Representatives as essential to the security of ample spoils andplunder for their hungry followers, and thethe belligerent parties is attempted, which shows no sign of success; external force is threatened by Spain, and may not be used; changes in the liberal cabinet are supposed to be urgently necessary, and yet are not made;who bate loyalty in any shape, every hostile might well hesitate before it so la- feeling, every dislike and discontent, was hush- vishes its hospitalities. But it can afford to betry beiDg allowed. Nothing now remains, since preservation of their party after the next four negotiation has failed, but for the United States years, as well as the carrying out of their revo-ties of kindred nod commercial relations. And, to the ovation offered by the Fire De- in addition to this, it partakes of the nature of partment j to our illustrious guest, which those frolics in which New Yorkers love now is admifted to have been the most and then to indulge. We are earnest and grave imposing spectacle of the kind that has ever and careworn in toe pursuit of wealth; but we taken place. The New York firemen .are, as must occasionally have our pleasure, and when is well known, composed almost entirely of the we do relax we do it not by halves, but in a industrious mechanics and workmen of the burst of enjoyment which astonishes not only metropolis, and no small proportion of them Europeans, but the inhabitants of other Ameri-government either to abandon the case or enforce it r» et etrmis.From Bolivia we learn that General Belzu has again assumed a revolutionary attitude; he is said to be supported in his designs by President Castil- ta, of Peru.lutionary programme. The conservative lead- ers, on the contrary, deem a majority against black republicanism as essential to the mainte- nance of the integrity of the Union, and the crippling and ultimate dissolution of the repub-Intelligence from Ecuador represents that Gene- lican party. Lastly, the effect on the South ral Florea catered Guayaquil on the 24th ult., meet- would be most salutary, for it would take away ing but little resistance from his opponents; he is their strongest argument from the fire-eaters in full possession of the city, General Franco hav- and secessionists, who are looking for a good ex- ing left that city for Pern.are German or Irish. Taken collectively, they can cities.are toe finest and most intelligent body of But whatever may be the motives which as-yonng men that can be found the world over, sembled such multitudes in New York,* the•ermon was preached by the Rev. Dr. Vin-ton, to which the Prince appeared tolisten with great attention. A full re-trouble. Let them hold meetings, and rebuke and frown down all who will persist in runningSubtle-law and public orier, to throw a flood over [exico tnat will change the entire aspect of the country and its affairs. This is the coming movement on this continent, and every mail from Mexico only proves that the elements are being prepared there for it, and the old bar- riers that might resist it are being swept away.by any order, the Prince will estimate toe sin- cerity and unanimity of the welcome that was given hi_| by all classes of our community. If it was not marked by the servility of some ofport of the sermon is given in our paper to-day, to- separate and independent instead of Union Con-gether with reports of the sermons of the Rev. Dr. gressional tickets. Let only one man be run,Frotbingham and the Rev. Mr. Harris, the subject whether he calls himself a follower of Breckin-of both being the visit of the Prince. A large and ridge, or ef Bell, or Of Douglas, provided he isfashionable audience was in attendance at Trinity, opposed to Lincoln and his party. That is theaad from the great crowd outside the church it one thing needful. New York city, and all thetoe Canadian demonstrations, it was much more interest and a legitimate control. We trust the to be valued, because it was entirely disinte- visit of the Prince of Wales to the United StateeThe*active aad arm.measure what has preserved that republic from the revolutions that have been so disastrous to'part, in|Venezuela, and partly in St. Domingo.In these critical circumstances it is notat anhi breaiatuff*. concerned in tha u*_ WW•a- .asnsaew J petted his d e n a r t J ! ^ ,*»**<!«» having com- long, sustain cheap papers, published <Central America has known, met in Costa Rica port To attain these no man is betterfl tted than a similar 'fate to that ot Mora, under similar cir- General Paez. His name is almost a synonymtableaux. The third act of "Fast Woawa of the Modem Time," sad "A KB* in the Dark," will also he ?»**•*Barnum'a Maaenm. which BOWhas a hlstorte dBt»^ tion, having bess vtolted ay the Macs of '•J*'" been doing a fine hsshMSS with "Joseph sad his, Breta- iea," which wffl be repeated every afteraooa sad te» ctagofthmwes*.The «bt©pien Opera Is not troubled by the storm' re- vulsion* aad crtssf which overtake its IrvingPj^J^-Riza Pacha had recently brought before the Sul- tan several persons who gave him indubitable proofs of the existence of a conspiracy against his throne aad life, in which the representatives of some of the European governments are indi-The difference between us and ouf>:cousins is very simple. They are of theion that to be respectable they mustheavy, sedate and formal, and they f| *tyre-regardto theare afraid that a conservative Congress will beCongressionalelections.TheyThe republican party consists mainly of two classes—fanatic?, and office eeekers and spoils- men. If the republicans could only secure awas a sight of which the Empire City has athey are now. They are as hungry and voracious as a pack of hounds in pursuit of an un-report the Parliamentary debates, andliest accounts of the proceedings of the fioa«« of Commons came from the pencil of Wqtfdf_ll,has been obliged to use the funds of the Eng- lish Convention lying in that Custom House— a step that has been take'n with the probablemasses, which wa* a spectacle such as no othercountry or city could have presented. Nearlyhalf a million of people, embracing representa-tives of almost every nationality, poured intoour leading thoroughfares to join in this com-pliment to our young guest. It was one of thegrandest and most striking scenes that historyrecords—that of the freest people on earthpaying this spontaneous tribute of respect tothe representative of toe freest monarchical go-vernment of Europe. And it was the more im- timid servility) but*mast be regarded as toe pressive frem the fact that, although there are generoas greeting of a nation confidentmate destruction of their organization. But the catastrophe would be greatly hastened if the spoils are reduced to the lowest possible amount by the election of a conservative Con- gress. For such a ravenous multitude a limit-1cuse to break up the Union, and form a South- ern confederacy.In this great mental arena all silbj interest are discussed from every view. "Error," said Jefferson,and m a y , be truly said to represent the bone and sinew of the country. Few if any of them absented ihemselves from toe parade, even the Hibernian Hook and Ladder Company, which has only Jbeen recently formed, making up its full numtjer for the occasion. In the fact that all toe nfembers of the department as well asAn interesting account of the sailing of eighthundred filibusters from England, raised and com-manded by William de Rohan, with arms and Now the people have this matter entire-munitions, to aid And assist Garibaldi, will be ly in their own power in the several longer dangerous when truth and r)8as found in the letter of our London correspondent, Congressional districts, and they will left free to combat it" And herein h published to-day. only have themselves to blame hereafter if they Whole secret of the power WIIIQPrince of Wales cannot fail to derive instruction as well as pleasure from what he has witnessed He has never seen in any other city, and never will again, so many wqll dressed people. If any rags met his eye they were those of late- ly arrived foreigners. The impression made upon hie youthful mind must be favorable to this country aid towards democratic institu- tions, and may bear good fruit at a tuture day. He has seen that an intelligent and educated people may safely be entrusted with self govern- ment, and that there is no government so strong as that in which,every citizen has a directThe services were of the most imposing their strength on the best man, about whom character, and an admirable and impressive they can easily agree if they will only take theits writers and readers' have in less of deference—we might say servile" ence—for the constituted antborities^thikmily, the peerage and the wbolef fi arcades. We know of no such tnhi Congress is elected for ttfo years, a issolves. A President is chosen for ionand then descends to his political gta hone so poor as to do him1" reverence, political parties, wielding apparently tinprehend that society and government must be of toe militia turned out in these several recep- established and governed on the equal basis of tions, at their own expense and uncompelledwould appear that the desire to see a "real Prince" conservative counties of thisState, have a grave pies Of the nation, break up# in a Wefrom Panama yesterday brought the importantintelligence that ex-President Mora, his brother,Tnese facts cannot fail to be fully appreci- democratic element in English institutions. ated In Eogland, where the political intelligenceis In no degree abated. In most of the churches ofthe city reference waa made to the visit of the great game in their hands if they do not reck-seenthatthedemocraticcandidateforCongressin adoption of Union tickets in all the theFirstdistrictofPennsylvaniawasswindledout Congressional districts. It wonld have anof his election by altering the returns of the Fourth ward. A number of the judges swore that their signatures to the returns as handed in were forge- ries, and that the returns from their precincts had been altered. The man charged with perpetrating the fraud has been arrested and held to bail.Messrs.Howluul and Aspinwall. the agents of the Galway line in New York, inform us of their intention to set on foot a subscription of a hand- some character as a teatimonal ot how the Ame-rican public appreciate the noble and valiant con-P t W f l_J_ *_ °f - * * * *»> * - • W * Minniee independent journal holds s excellent effect on the Presidential struggle, Course, never for a moment deviatingWalker was at the highest of his career inNicaragua, Mora was President of Costa Rica,and was the soul of the desperate resistance tothe then advancing wave of filibusterism.Both exhausted themselves in the struggle, bothaimed, to regain power by the same lawlessmeans, and both have met death in the attempt WAstUNoiroN.—The government of Venezuela There is something significant and hopetul for has taken a wise step in appointing General Jose the future of Central America in the rapidity Antonio Paes its Minister Plenipotentiary atresponsibility thrown upon them; they have atheir leaders run hither and tbither,«fraiEndeavoring to rally* the broken, rag Princeintheprayersofthepastors.To-dayholesslythrowitaway,asthePresidentialelec- disorderedcolumns.Churchorganiziwill visit the Military- Academy at West Point, tion has been thrown away almost beyond the asunder—great financial storms sweeps where he will spend the day, and on TuesdayGeneral Canas and Colonel Arancibia, who hadmadeafilibusterdescentfromSanSalva-glancethedifferencethatexistsbetweenthedor on Costa Rica, had been defeated and cap- motives of the reception which greeted theirproceedtoBoston.From a statement given laanother column it will beland,destroyingtheoldest andappatpeostfolid commercial houses. Alland thai awarded him here. But its moral atsonearlythesametime,ofMoraandWalker, effectup|nthedespotismsof Europe will be andundersuch•similar circumstances. When stillmor|important TheyWillderivefromit the wholesome conviction that in all conflicts between toe principles of progress and political retrogression, the policies of the two countries will be henceforth as identical as are their in-power of recovery. The verybestmeansof restoring this nearly lost battle is theturedatPuntaArenas,and incontinentlyshotfuture sovereign in the British provincesNEWTORE HEKALD,. MONDfM,OCTOBER 15, 1860.-TRIFLB SHEET.Freights,wereuBf-ftftgett, whiteet£*g*fMatBw*r< mode BHtUl. *Critlcism»s em American, thosh1pro«tr wwe wheat, to Un^,:H, «tn W . Bilge., *•the Kojrlfob press in commenting upon tonetrratlve TJatoa l'p.»n the Congres< p|rts of the leading New York journals djPrinef in the commercial metropolis of the West-atonal Ticket*. # ,The blank; r*publicaa leaders are confident of Tee London Times is at the head of thxincur the danger of the same fate that attended W a million of people turned out to reeeive a him.;iS ,> '*^'•—ttsB Firemen's Parade andm-mthe success of the P^tdentia! ticket since toe election of PenojjlY_ma. though they| hare yet to win H e * toV*. withoat which; theycalculate jftfioa the result j That may yet be dis»pp« iaied there is aome reason to ho|»e. Ttte leaden of the tJaion mor«m#nt are in h^gh spirtw, and the Inaus- picious fcTent In the Keystone State does not depress them as much as might be expected; on the contrary, they do not regard Tt as by any means decisive, and ape** confidently aboutthe defeat of Lincoln In the Empire State, whose proud title they expect to vindicate now as heretofore; while jWosylTanla, by the trea- son of Forney and others, has lost her peculiai-it- •mild, amiable,well mannered youojr gentleman, whose mother happens to be sovereign of Eng^ land. They will find, titat the*e people were"t-h W • lea' Departsxre t*mm.. K«w York.BOWIRT T H I i l M ,ffilUOEt TBIAimm Broadway -Fi_vw» W I « place In the arch of the Union. New York aj well as the American public. The Jon will they doit?ffnii _______ L-CR* KKUVS TQKATRR, Fo.holds the balance of power, and the Union :aea have a strong and abiding faith in the resui-Times jPself has received from the Na $ *pjess some very valuable Reasons" in th |of Tbe Wewrs from Mexico— m eComingUnion. \~ filled with human beings, independently of tot To-day the Prince proceeds to West Point, five thousand who marched in procession. where a grand reception has been arranged Thousands we re brought together from tie de- for him by General Scott There he will be in- sire to see that procession in which each hadm Broadway - NEW BOWBBV TBIATBB. *»W«T~i£****Z*JS£jobraalism- It is not our fault if this li Lic- tibnl has not been tendered in tha^ea^ j pstn ground; and it is not remarkable t11, who has been compelled to >pt i|ar reports, should growl at them. atEvent There.We give, to-day our letters from Mexico,which present a perfect picture of the disor-ganization, destitution, and almost despair, that ,prevail in that distracted country.•lUCM A«00«.But the black republicans, while they appear aua-r_w woiu of m HoMUf tura-Ki* w *m»DAM. to be equally confident as to the PresidentialWe have been so unfortunate as ;^veconflict, canrjpi conceal thoir apprehensions inBroadway^--HOOLIT. _* CiJfPBKIi'S away their control of the spoils, while it wlttsome friend, as well as from cariosity to see •BOBBCST* -inaiwaw W ^ _ * w j _ g H _ g _ _ lwiiaJngti sa7Ie.Mijair*ei~ » Etkioru* BUM, BUeILSsejrsa, DAXCXS. AC— iuemtsu iBKBTJUK&CASrTBBBOBV sTOglC HALU MS Broadway.-Roaus,Disnw, BcBuwjtm, A*TRIPLE- SHEET.Mew Term, aoauaf, October 15, I860.HA1L9 FOB ITJXOPl.Ievent, i£4ltey are successful, will prove the ulti- arms. In time, as the spread of inCelmelting down the church plate and his old sys- tem of forced loans in the capital.Events seem to be preparing in Mexico forsome great change, though what that will be noone can foreshadow, for the course of affairs inthat republicvalways defies all analogy withwhat occurs, or would occur,' in any other partof the world. The contending forces are appa in our midst numbers of political refugees who in its own invincible strength. Were the rentiy preparing for a struggle which any uo are violently ultra in their republicanism and United States less powerful, New York take place; .diplomatic intervention betweenbecame general, the restrictions which s the press were gradually relaxed, andtoy paper became a power in the land. writers went so far as to carl the te fourth estate in the realm—a claim the v of which has been latterly deniedand other statesmen. • The British '"•jo is! now tolerated only. His columnsas a matter of convenience by poiirici employ every avenue to~the public m this way the London, journals secure a cles; but in news matters they are far us. They seek, therefore, to make upU gance and pretension what ttfey lack ulo energy, enterprise,ttact and originality*On the other hand, if we look at the ' press—we refer to the leading metro[ journals—we find that it is really the firstin the land. • Neither king nor kaiser h a power as a cheap, free press in properIt was an axiom of Napoleon that the w.jrl£ isgoverned by ideas, and it has been resort Mlfor tiie independent American press to prtenth of that celebrated maxim. In tooRights the founders of our governmentwise provision for the utter and entire 1 of the press. Thus left to itself, the ins has flourished. It has grown with the and strengthened with the strength of public It holds the popular heart in,! It is the throbbing pulse of the great n« the very life-blood of the bodyThe Prince of Wales and his suite yesterday permit two or more conservative candidates to •iud our cotemporaries wield. T% morning attended Divine service at Trinity church. run in any district, instead of concentrating all press has no such power, fand perhaps be the means of turning the scalein Its favor in a State in which the contest willbe so close, and may be decided by two or the government freely; organizes orthree hundred votes. Let only one banner be political parties, and consigns s t u p i d s U seen everywhere, and let it be nailed to the petent statesmen to merited obscuritjmast and inscribed with the words, '• Union permanent institution—not for a da}for the sake of the Union." The motto of therepublicans is, "Union for the sake of dis- the news, and speaks to the people inunion." The friends of conservatism are morelanguage. What the London Times^ numerous than they are. Let them only unite, ^'eccentricities" of American journalis;and energy with which the cause of law aad Wathicgton in the present critical circum- appearance of Charlotte Cashman in this her great cha- ncier is an event of scarcely less moment than thepublic order has been vindicated on the per- stances that attend its path, A revolution, grow- arrival of the Prince of Walea. Those who fall to go at* rsons of Mora and Walker. (Sacred as is toe ing out of the policy pursued by toe Monagas see her wUl regret It.Schaffer, in reining nearly Mx hundred human and victory is as sure as that to-morrow's sun eccentricities at all. They represent tfc__2L*t*7 ** " f t ? * * * * * • »team*hip Con- will rise. nought. It ta probabls that when the facte areral ontpouringsv of a free people, w m Itcijte right of revolution, its sanctity must be pre- family in their ambition to rule their country— At Laurt Kee^e's theatre the new Irish draai,mental perceptions and a lively >f|e^p >of served from profanation by desperate men, stirring up toe lowest elements of society with "Aiken Aroen," it stilt running, and lads favor with re-knowntothecompanyk*Galway,_**„tls0 will recogntoe the conduct of Capum Wu80a in _n appropriate and becoming manner.We print this morning the final r,roc*M;»«r«, the Infidel Convention, held in this X S T ^ L V Da the eTeaing of adjournment a Mr. Murray m d e a violent attack on Jesus Christ, contending thatas) sooh individual ever existed, and at some length gave an infidel's views of the Christian Sabbath. The proposition to erect an Infidel Hall in this city• • . • i I,the ludicrous, as well as a to correspondence from Constantinople states that caption of the serious side of human!THETHBOESorTHESICKHAM.—Oar privatewhoprofesstobelievetheircountryindanger munerativeaudiences."AUeenAroon''willhepUf** all the arteof demagoguism—now menaces notwhenever their own purses are empty, and only the government, bat all the interests of every night this week.Mr. Wailack has found a gold mine la John Broogbaa ihasten to draw their swords to save it, when the body politic with destruction. At the ssme famous cumedy, ^Paying with Fire," the attract**imitate that owl-like stupidity under jetiy ir-yolved. The sudden death of Samy uninformed Englishman attempts to hitheir only patriotic promptings. It can be thus claims l a s brought about a rupture of diplo- ' i preserved only by making success the inexor- matic relations with that government, and thereg j * 1Battributed to these revelation*. Thenprance, conceal his defects, or oov— ^ ^ • d d f e s a e * a remonstrance to the go- shortcomings. If the British public T 000 bates, ciosiag 1 TM T * * ° » » * Britain touching the origin >rt of thing they are welcome to i tpular impulse of Costa Rica, and it is in a great ing made at Havana are intended for use, inAt the Bowery theatre Mr. Oaafraa has been re- engaged. B«ptay8ihisevwi_ginM*e»'«*orkasitB.and''False and True" . At the New Bowery a new kwaT piece, *«The OaiwWj* a FlresnaB," will he produced this evening. The pi**- |»snould- have a quiet dressing down And we tbe hfctory. and fate of Mora the wisdom an| | Washln^t^ be will be received withmay say, in conclusion, that the statesmen and mc dt-ration that are required to preserve them by all, and liftered to with attention by those ie journalists of England will do well to swdy in their seate They represent in their «epeo- who have the direction of public affairs, and ne**nd nor the twentieth time, to the Jof the account! of the reception of their hereditary tive countries the principles that Mora repre wa doubt cot that his counsels will redound toJut the Incidents of the Prince's tour in npendent American press that oo lees than halflilh prefs in this, as well as in most othet«L. The Times, in alluding to the.y b x HKUAIJ) and its confreres^assumes \patronizing air, and speaks In a most sn|way of (our "eccentricities." The*eel1ol|ty." of our reports consists simply inthat we have described the taoidenti w the handsomest thing that «contd be done forthe reception of the immediate representative of a friendly power and a kindred race. And it strikes u* that these British editor* and states- men might take a lesson in magnanimity—some*»•Notwithstanding the disappointment of M M three hundred thousand persons who could hotmercial metropolis of the Union. We haw the details of the Prjince's' tour to thei_en ple- from this courteous and graceful receptionw Wsystematically beaten the London Timetroduced to a class of men of whom the conntry feels justly proud, and who rival in mili- live prince. It was a grand carnival of toethe way fnriton often expresses his acknowle & ntthe best officers turned out by the Sand- cident occurred, aor any approach to a riothurst and! Woolwich schools. He will find Where else could such an exhibition take placefrom his observations there that, although without both ? Where else, indeed, would theirwe rely Bpon our volunteer force for rulers permit the people to assemble in sucht/cltthe lesson which the,independent A •*Mh is, however, ihat operations will be commencedfyr favors rendered.We believe, howevthe defensive strength which a standing armyvast masses as they did in New York during thepress has taught the British journalists bp forgotten. In due time they may in preventing us from givng them the week before they receive it from thek correspondents.last week ? *I against either the capital or Guadalajara at an The parade of the firemen on Saturday night d early day. In the meantime, General Degollado, branches of military knowledge which consti- was one of the most brilliant spectacles evergrandsuccessful, it must be conducted. Iy e tsimpleprinciplesupon whiall time. Above all, it gives the new!tolixe , chiefly at the inside CIDamLJi*4Pad*ta"P0 ^to ^ <luit- very well that oar people would not hafejju"(ftf many other ^>f the Spanish-American communi- itrange that the republic of Venezuela shouldlacindsd in the sales warswith fl.ea» !^,T^!T*~"*T t , M 3 , M *«» in fovor of partialmm<j price. And we believe from certain ble indications that the British public willties. Presidett Morazan, the greatest patriot look to Washington for counsel and moral sup baa been gotten up with new scenery and approprW*buret, aad inwaa also e.att» active, whi;* were hurrying the P«»»_ • ,.American plan. Experiments which London Ttr,\es people to shake in their tie already making.cause oar people, through their moat institution, hare been too often subjectedThomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Streett*nito and ateen of second rate English13069www.fultonhistory.comfor freedom to his own country, aad his heroic tional law ruled there until Mora was suddenly past, his high character and his eminent perso-to its ruin, t at as which compehed the Ewopeaa Z ^ ^Cars •©wenment* of moeaaat la prtee, with***r ~ewtsra -BlSsMf H I sKMBB Sjria, are •gain * t o ^ * i ^ Z ! £ T ^ Sultan, and that he is abandoning hurT]sented in Costa EJca, and, by making constitu- ern World, They will ascertain from_tb^ inde- tional g©ve*Biu*nt merely i n empty show, theytiMbettoftt of the highest interests of both n»- tions.tute what if technically called the art of war. This visit;paid, the Prince wiU have received ducta with a million and a quarter of dollars, a separate land equally cordial welcome from thus placing his government in the same false all the classes of which our community is com- American journal is, however, oyerloo >y position in which a similar act by General Mar posed. He was received on landing by ourwitnessed in this country or any other. Whether we regard the variety of the decora- tions of the various engines aad carriages, the splendor of the illuminations and toe profusion of firework*, or the numbers and character ofB r i t n j ^ Ml our critics on the other side of the AThe great distinctionbetween the———.—Our roynl guest takes his departare.from toe see the Prince of Wales om Thursday, o not incited by mere vulgar curiosity, nor were metropolis this morning, carrying with him toe one million of population, besides thethey animated by any special deference for royalty. They only wished to assist at doingof matcordial good wishes and regrets of lte inhabi- titude of strangers, toe ardor oitants. He leaves us under joat such circum night was unabated, and toe numbers th*to seesoon, whilst on the part of himself and suite Ftth Avenue Hotel and Union square wuthrongedAll feel sorry fiat he is compelled to quit as so were greater than ever. AU around thestances as should mark a visit of this character.paradeone dense mws of human beings, wMhv froB Fourteenth street through Fourth avenue ant the Bowery to the City Hall, and back thence through Broadway to Union square, the side-sh of the Prince of Wales. The grand question is, our irstituiions than he could possibly have walks, more than half the streets, and toe win- acquired in his visits to the other cities of the dows, doors and stoops of every home, wenis supposed- to give to other governments, weIfotquez placed that of Miramon som« months since- citizen soldiery, which is made up for toe most the men forming .the procession, and the steadya commander-in-chief of the constitutional forces, at has committed the blunder of eeiziDg a con-not the lee| carefully cultivate those abstrusethe time is approaching for a Presidential elec- productiv4of only one result, that of leaving cordially rendered by the whole communitytion, which may never come off; and another as- on his m'tajl the impression that aristocracy is that it forbids any idea of that kind. It is sim-sault is threatened on Vera Cruz, but no one sees how it can be made. In the mean- time the country is ravaged by bands of robbers everywhersf the fields are untitled and deserted, the population is crowding into the towns and cititB, where starvation stares them in the face- trade is ruined and the merchants hang on the verge of bankruptcy, and property of every kind is melting away—those who were once es- teemed rich findicg themselves now possessors only of. large tracts of depopulated and value-less lands. •.This contest is seemingly one for political principles; but as the ruin which inevitably at- tends it becomes more and more developed, it is evident to the philosophic observer that it is in fact a melting away of old things to open the path for the new. The vigorous wave of popu- lation which is yearly throwing its thousands on the northern frontier of Mexico requires even now only a leader capable of organizing existing elements, and statesman enough to com-There is a carious coincidence in the deaths,tiieir own ambitious designs constitute really time, thjB inopportune pressure of Spanishof which increase with sash performance. It h one of the pteasaatest comedies hi the language, and is meet at- Blrabiy acted. ««Plajlng with Fire" every night till further notice, which Is a kmg way off Mr. Brourb-* waatoopeninthiscomedyat theBayaarketonthe»•and mustwver be a failure amongst us. We ply toe expression of friendship and courtesy wiU not wound the susceptibilities of the vene- from one nation to another, without regard to rable gentlemen concerned in that fia sco by the form of government—a recognition of the dwelling further upon it, and therefore pass onrested aild free from the suspicion of toadyismFiLimsTERisM IN COSTA RICA.—Our advices to rank. I dom of the British people and expanding toeof the people will enable them to detect at aOperatic and Dramatic Hatters* ThegreatInfluxofstrangerstoseethePrinceofWain filled the theatres and other places of public amussmeatevery night last week. The Opera season closed oo Moo day. Theartiitagave"Martha'andthefirsta<IofUw "Travlata" at the I»hu_delphia Academy. The Prince of Walesandsoitewerepresentatthisperformance,whica waaanexceUentonehievery respeet. Themanage" new announce that they will suspend operation* until after the Prealdestta election, and that the new eeaaoe will commence about the Tth of November.Mr. Forrest bujglven his grand perfortnaact of "Kief Lear" three times, at Kioto's Garden. The same phf will be repeatei on Monday, Wednesday and Frli»r of this week.MissCharlotteutubmanhasbeesplayingMegMerriliei an the week to crowded Bouses, and as the demand for seats Is unabated, the piece wUl probably retain iu place on the hill th.a week. Among theatre goers tteterests. 1GsxEBftL PABZ IN DIPLOMATIC POSITION ATable alternative with death.This principle has long characterized the po- that the active military preparations now be- of this month.cumstances, and the result was that constitu-will not be withoat effect in enlarging the free-him and toe -•at ttf n a » » •*, and of asw prmj with aalettirely to the conlrol of the reactionary If this be to the di>membennent of thebeen set in the cases of Walker and Mora will long be folt in all the Central American repub- lics, and it will be well if Guardiola la Hondu-| the highest station of public trait and honor athosts, and his large and varied experience in petitors. BoenofirysM^aadEtoalsyhOasiphah'fair*•*. m, * A^in thefirst republic«of the world. He has filled evenatllttfaSlaSOFulton New Yorkkt prtoes of 3c w 6c par basketoverthrown last year because his policy violat- nal qualities entitle him to respeet and sympa- If we write warmly upon this subject it ( |h- ed constitutional rule. -The example that hns thy from the government and public men of toeUntitled Documenttilts are * the bertpowrtble coadltioa. •saw » * ^ 