 iSir him, and, strange to say, the Buflalonians do not hesi- tate la declaring the election of Seward almost impossible nader existing circamstaacea. This feeling may arise from tbe local causes existing in the city of BuflaJo, where they ccnalder it neotasary to conciliate the friends of Fill- more more than in any other locality.In the southern tier of counties in the State, and thosekordersg on the west tide of the Hudson, there is a largsnawuct of negative feeling existing, or rather, an lndif-tjy+frf whether be is nominated or not They have noreal objection to Seward upon the great and absorbinggitr*— of slavery; in fact, they fully endorse his courseta that respect, and consider that upon the question ofslavery bis course has been more oonsistant than any etherstatesmanorpoliticianoftbepresenttime.IntheseeanyotherpersonnominatedthanSeward.Although—80ME IDEA OF ALBANY.THESCHEMESBEFORETHELEfiBLAItWE. who voted tbe repobiicaa Ucket laat fall, and J« many Jo-tbersst .andbefriendBinibefuure.THEThe dry Baihrcni Movement d Fate, frmn *cMad theYfBtUation of the flty Pro'ects.ao far as to atate, add hack their »*tor t ^.*i J! . J 5 ? i * « many inatancea, that Seward wtB| get • • • ' • ^ • •hJ E voted for Iremott In ISM. as well n , naany « « ° h * £ since been driven from lbs awawasr^WmJi?&2tawncf city railroads and other spsculating snhemef that Weedhas keen corking up tor this Legislature. , _ _ _ An occasional gleam of nght is thrown aponlho historymoney, as mich an 1 can afford. „ bill ahead of anything else, a a i *» sure I nan carry it without anything, but I want to eucoeed In such a way tbat the majority the billfrarcLees. Tte ventilation tf one or two schemes has caused the parties to change their course and to rearrange their guns, pointing them :n another direction. A large0*f*0*0*0m**0*0m^0n0^^n0S0*0*0*0*0S]0miclonal open msaVebasneless attack upon the treasuryS H a V S ? aupport received IromlidB own party shouldbeic^ming morelman passive, in ardor to*w toUwa. uniwtioed,nc4wJthwBhstandlng thousands •*• •"J'*"*SL^coatingiaterialthatisdriftingSoBtw«* ••,psttB- ilk bed from the strong box <rf^heStoto by tha nmaaa.Whatever may be done by the business rasn of RocbssterVlf they should think heat or not, 1shall not cones ia ventilation. It to taid by these whose past experteoce i will commend a toto Central Park.Wtat are Beward's Frospectt in the State?THE PROSPECTS OP 8SWARD. ot a a m ML XLBASX connnsroNDtwcn.Atnasv, Feb. 10, 1880.I V JVi»y«t»i «/ award t» fte •*»**>» ••*> Wtt»nmemOty Railrcad Hospital n u "id that a railroad «^^T The pact cvctest hits prepared the legislative mind for beeT*raant~ MS for aotow a rate of fareNEW YORK BERAIJD, S&TfSBUIlkm*timwmmm*mmmmmm\mmmwm. M • Beirart at thfy wnr.H for any ooa ea» wbo Sa«ouaJ n p «Ianamm»mmmmm*Tbe lastpecwha* ana teterrettag being Mr1 **»$•fit 81iat v*5fcl re Italnr 5*r».' SCH qu ar<•toa Scchfu-rsUto olaa itUja»'ATti7qa*tt>t«,bx>wrTarc*)eak>B*blan« mifbt bein other poitte. I can, therefo-e, drew no other cooeiu-r.<« from the huineroussteteniente than that the nominee from Weed tbat he wished, acceded • > « • trkm. and cf theCMea&oConvcntiuc,tothtmbe Seward, Banks orany Other >rrson, wfti receive tha support of all then*o?te tbat pro^Irtt Ciirair*-7he Pclitkal Point Brought to Bar in the may be t$M about tne mere* of ate rafireadctiitiea to the interior of the SUM I bare bean »nterea• 1throw out t tribution of 8800,Iras ofThat Seward will poll a much larger veto-that hawfllro;Railroad cerre, frem Slate pride, a large number of the reserve cenfirmation of the balance cf the appototmento of theVwtes that remained at home last faR. la h ^ mawr go Governor in executive session torinetrow, hut • * »*•*Seme time since I gave a sketch of the railroad projeetoSKETCHES OF THE LOBBY. campion waas. Upon the votes « « J f £ * ^ s a W i ! w 1 " ' in all the KortheraMawnlhalfcwartf^^may get will convince the railroad man that II is useless amount of work has been dote in this line, and now it be' experience; It to to i a railroad ail over the, B , There is a Wonderfulflnhrenoela a ^ " ^ 0 ? d £ ? i)few Plan to Open Madison A ve- whether the nominee H f i ^ ' t K E a W s T s S Ssunoort from the members of his own party. » • JTM**". constant depletion through the machinery of claims passesmy effort the least to obtain tbe passage o•thia bill. Y on will pardon the length of thia letter; it, however, could°ir thisbill should be passed for a third reedingqn Mon- day or Tuesday, (for we cannot get through with it on Moiiday.) 1think the final vote could be taken an early a.Friday. Iwillaowatop. Inh a j g ^has given tktm an eppettcnity to Judge, tbat railroad natters were never to rife as at the present time.c aster—tbatto,tocal Udeand only becomes of avail itt PresidentialfonteaU.Jtave^Dotbwnahle tofindproof that Seward will takew^htothnn&gmate^ Iafact.muohd^Tu^ncb^unMuncea whether he will receive anuthaamsw^sapportfromailbranch*ofhis own party.T*reli?«roaf belief tbat Weed will controlI a6 ttte U. The interests of the State In thia unequaJleanoriea taoils, m caiw of succesa-that no peison who does not of claims was entrusted by Canal Commissioner Skerriu endorse tbe Regency aa being power supreme, can receive to Bon. & A. Law, of Delaware county, who, even a crumb from the table at Washington, or a chance we are informed, has given jao small portion to smell of the good things in tbe kitchen of the republicancamp- This is co idle delusion—it exists to a great extent among the democratic portions of the party, and tbe eourse Which Weed has l««en taking this winter in trying to oetra-r amproccted tosUtetiva. According beoevetonce of the f need u re, en* fniatobaa bv menL„to the stetetics pro- e1tbea mmenComet,Bee JiYJeZTfZZE5H2, fhmgrteing m Kvard to B& JfMiii allien TM cSM those that would not worship at tbe shrine or the Re- to the aggregate of S10«,6«* 66. After consultation with•miilWrir- aUforSemanl-Hem Britami Niagara gency and recogcise him as tbe coief Mogul, baa strength- ened, instead of aiiaylag, thia reeling.tte gentleman who represented the State before the ap- praaeis, appeals to the Canal Board by the Canal Commls- siouers were made In twenty two oases, tbe awards in which amounted to HI, 102. , rgumm-The SosUhern Tim e/Ow-liei &*** Could tbe Albany Regency, w*th Weed and its managers i,MaidA^naSlacery-n^re ihe Bmdtoal De- and all its corrupting and infamous schemes, be today t Jlgmt |hritrJ'- Jnevuli Owifthy C^poafAe dnti. hlotkd ont of existence, or sunk whera Weed declares thehouse on tbat side of the question. There is any quantity eeted parties were, after a vacillating caresr betweenThese appeals were ably argued before tbe Canal Board ,***,<•*n*»-f*«FL*****F<*^^•/» *»•»*- liftjfold stronger In tbe State of New York than York, ior the claimants, and the awards reduced thirty-•»ver ol the nomiiation of Seward, who invariably da. Sleight of hand performer of Albany. There may bosomething In the above statement, and tbe course tbat one of the officers of tho Western Transportation Cosnpany,. arc bim to be tte strongest man for their respective has been recently adopted by Mr. Qpdy ke ^enulJ ind.cate tbe only one or those large carrying companies of*l"r*fc8" -i • -I • •• ••.... -,.—T l „If our own Legislature, for instante, should pass laws re- striding the rates of speed and charges upon tbe roads iathto State, it is quite evident that tbe competing interests in other States would take advantage of the circumstance, and divert aa far aa they could all the trade and travel to their own thoroughfares and cities. There seems, there-provide as practical experience shall justify, what shall bsIjoa^lkt, and have t o . the remotest thought of laying fctsa en* aide ft »sc me other esndidats, even on the point of nvnimmnty Theyconsiderhimthemostavailablecandidatetbat he recognises the power of Weed to make Senators, Governors and Presidents, if he didslip up upon making a Speaker of Congress.the lakes, 1 believe, that bas not gone by the board under the pressure of new commercial channels.Senator*, lUSteaU ra n t i m vppusra «v I BI I VU. , u^-» stand three for them, and there is scarcely to be found a Senator occupying a seat of power w h o is cot favorable in tome aspect to granting new railroad franchises.In addition to tbe new projects that are being presentedthere are several measures of great importance eonaectedconferred. If comjietitlon re- tte* Timuttvm «pe» prlTHtgm confernail theroads,then the Le- setts in lowering the fare upon ailgtolattire may not interfere. If, however, such shall not be the case, and the profits of the road tU'l justify it, the I>eg*lavurehereafter shall hav- power to reqn<re a yearly rum to be paid into the city or state treasury, ambeil be expedientThe broad points will also be maintiunei that aldruonal railroads are of public necessity In the city of New York, and that they ehould be introduced in such a mao** as to secure tbe best interests of the people at luge whoa i hey are designed to accommodate.Ine political adherent* wbo expect todra# prists is tbeae railroad schemes had better keep their eyes wide open for the report of the commatde upon these ioteresting rchemes, for thto is emphatically a time when many are <ailed and few are chosen. Wo shall be wiser ourselves when we see all the names that will be drawn out of the great railroad lottery wheel, lo the paralleil road there will be the names of Judge J..k-p Hugh Smita, John A. Kennedy, and one or two others whose names are is embryoIn the Fourteenth street ti^ nunri of W. A. Ball, Anthony J. Bill,*J. S. Tnat, Judge Brennan, and a numberHon. George Opdyke has inlormcd his most intimatexa tbe oeip. Ibe flea of policy so longer has any weigh4 'rieeds—those wbom he pocsuita in regard to his politi- Cocnties slip, New York. He is a man above the mediumcal plana—"tbat Tborlow Weed ban promised him tbe no- mination as tbe successor of E D. Morgan." Tnis fact comes tome well authenticated, and can be fully relied open. The public at barge have Mr. Opdyke's statementaa to Weed s promise. I understand tbat it was told byant only tbe ablest man in their party, but their realHartst **** com niton they now demand. Many of the bis chances were good for tbe gubernatorial chair.ter but to secure, if possible, the concurrent action ot the Legislatures of other States, whose railroad interests corns in competition with or are affected b y our own.in the city of New York. Tbe first of these is the applica- tion of the Harlem Railroad Company, and thto comes in a very sly and covert manner indeed. Oa the face of it is simply a preposition to lay out a new street betweenwah ttwm, they assert that they have had men placed ia MBKaation upon that plan long enough, and hereafter they W4atm*&(f a i H y and worth, looking upon Seward aaintelligent looking man.whole Pro Rate lobby.Rata operators and you take tbe brains of tbe whole band He is workitR here under a salary, wbilst at tbe same time be is prompted by the attempt to aid his transporta-xaembere assart tbat the issue, as drawn an i marked out ky the democratic journals, is against Seward, or rather sjtward versus democracy. Ihe issue being thus thrown tat to them, 'they say that they have no disposition tothjrk it, bat are prepared to meet it upon the grounds marked oat by the democracy. In this statement it must a* acrae in mind that I refer only to the republicans pre-Tbe above news may not be altogether pleasing to Gov. Morgan, who has sold himself, body and breeches, to the Regency, and has been doing all of tbe dirty work of Weed under the promise of another term. Now to be cut off by the very man that he bas humiliated himself by serving, is certainly uncharitable. Mr. Opdyke, how- ever, teems to have a strong party at work for him. Hischances for tbe nomination are equal to, if not better than any other person, except the present acting Governor.tion company.Mr. C Cobb, of Buffalo, who has also been an extensiveto be wholly a public movement, in which there to no private interest involved, but it reaLy means the exten sion cf the Harlem Railroad to tbe Central Park—ia itsci f a meet important and valuable franchise.Governor Morgan, -in his last message, touched upon fer , and not to tbe floating materials that aeeka for the every point tbat be thought would strengthen his position. winning aide, and always Jump aboard the swiftest craft For instance, tbe republicans along the line of the Alnany and Susquehanna Railroad began to threaten desertion un- der bis veto of last year. This was going on to such an extent tbat it became necessary to take a different course to prevent losing their influence. Weed at once inter- fered, and recommended the course that was adopted bytongue, and manages to work himself promiscuously into States represented, or interested in the question, as, tral Park by way ofMadison avenue, as it shall be extend- of others.to the county of Niagara there is a small faction thatkaOt agaast Seward, influenced by Washington Hunt anda brother of Salmon P . Chase, tbe latter being desrioustbat his Ohio brother shall he tbe fortunate man. In Irisajsanty, there is s strong feeling to lay Seward aside, onIks point of availslAtity; success is their guiding principlenad they want the man who has the elements of sac-ttsa. If Seward is that man, then they say by all meanslet cs have tim; but if not, tbe party must cot be sacnaoed freights was the balm offered. These points Weed andwith the aid of all the best experiences in tbe country, ed, and last year t b e Legislature cjnfirmed t h e grant. the fight. He has be< n amongst tbe most prominent in will tend to satisfactorily elucidate thto great problem, and Tbe movement cow, therefore, to to extend tbe avenue soIn tbe East tide or Avenue D road, John E, DevBa, John O'Keefe, John R. Coon and associates.In the Forty second street, John V. Conorer, brother ot D. D ; John N. Milter aad Moses Ely.The lower road ortenderis in tuo imperfect a state for the developments; when Ihe names ail come out of its wheel, with my present information, I will be enabled is furnish some interesting develop*, mean as to the potitiotl interests that toy behind them.In all legislative bodies, snd more especially the lobby or third house, there are many curious eccentricities de- veloped. There are men wbo appear to be drawn about ths region of legtotation by a species of infatuation. Thty are always found busy aad eager with tho current besv neas of the Legtoiatore, yet nobody seems to know what particular measure is the subject of their seal and oars. •Among those thatfigurein thto curious and ubiqiihous way at Albany are General P. M Wetmore, Charles McNeil, Ira Bookman and Samuel Demott They are ovea as busy aa been; but if they have any hive at Albany toaavhttes kwt mentioned or referred to there is a largsBarnburner element in the republican party, hettsr knownat tbe present time, in the atmosphere of Albany, as"radical democrats," or anti-Regency man. The onlyrend tmntty tbat this class has with the republicans is•pes the question of slavery. Were that question out of saptaina and generals, tbe contest their votes would not be recorded for the re-mas Darcy Megee, of Canada, favored the measure whilst in thto city.hend that there will be but little smuggling in reference to city railroads done at Albany this winter. Every mea- sure that bears upon that subject to watched wilbargas eyes. The Sixth and Eighth avenue companies are the movers of this, who are represented in the person of T. B. Myers, an experienced hand.ThethirdschemetotbatoftheSecondAvenueCom- pany lor an extension of its privileges,and in effect for a new grant, to occupy tbe New Bowery, and to extend to Fulton ferry. Thto ton substantial prise, and wilt no doubt be contended for with great seal and vigor. Mr. Waldo Hutchina is counsel for this company, and whensjfhDesn nominees, neither would they befound acting with the repobnoan party. There is, however, no dam in tbePEBSONAL AND POLITICAL MATTERS. Aiaaav, Feb. 14,1860,:^^*ej*a£djjin the railroad army. He mads two or throe speec>\- before ths select committee, and performed va- rious kmds of work to help tbe measure along.is represented on the floor of the House by Messrs. Flag- ler and Van Born. Tbe former was a member of Con- gress for two terms, and has been one of the leading minds of that county. Be to the leader of the Pro RataMr. Opdyke to encourage hia friends ana show them thatof suottss than tbe great State of New York ; and aftermuch thought devoted to the subject, and no little experi-ence In tbe difficulties connected with tbe constructionand management of railroads, it is recommended that tbeLegislature provide for the appointment of a commissionof conference, to be composed of intelligent railroad men,and also invite tbe appointment of similar commissionson the part of other States, whose duty it shall be to con- for this purpose in "pegged top" trowaers- The General faithful attendant upon this Legislature, always coming fer upon this important subject, and compare opinions, to exceedingly active, marching and couctormarshing,into the House «ith a bundle of petitions and distributing experiences, and results, with reference to rates of speed and laying his plans, co doubt, upon true miliary princi and charges, free tickets, method of operating, forms of pis, to accomplish the succass of this enterprise. The them amonsl tbe members, is a man of medium height, accounts and reports, e t c , e t i , with a view to cempany have already obtained tbe consent of tbe Com- with heavy, busby and sandy gray whiskers, has a smooth recommending such concurrent legislation in all the mon Council to the extension of their railroad to the Cen-the Governor. The latter was willing t~> touch upon that point, as there was a chance for bim to matte political capital; and fearing tbat other sections of tbe State would growl under the additional tax, he attempted to reconcile this by a blow at the railroads. They being "soulless cor- porations," it would suit tbe people—thereforn tollingpresenting facts and figures in favor of the Pro Rata. Final- ly he became jealous of Mr. Allen, and .the latter was obliged to let Mr. C. lead off, to prevent a rupture ia their arrangements, and an open warfare in the kitchen cabi- net of a regular Pro Kate stamp. However, he was al- lowed to answer the arguments offered by the railroads; and read, for the information of the Committee, the bills cf lading and other facts that bad been collected by the Clinton League. In tbat way peace was kept in the faml. ly icd Mr. Cobb's services becured against instead of for the railroads.Mr. C is a forwarder from Buffalo, and has been exten-afford the best protection to tbe lives, fortunes, and va- ried interests which are involved in its full and final de- monstration."He to directing all of his eflorin to bsve the legislation as light as possible.that the road may be laid and operated, which is the sum snd substance of what they are now after. There can be but little doubt tbat, with tbe military skill ot the individual having charge of the commissary department, and the popular ad- dress of the President, success will crowo their exertions. Tbe Harlem road will then have a track run- ning through the centre of the island, from lower Broad-the Regency wanted to strengthen Seward, whilst it pleased his Excellency's fancy by opening a field for po- litical capital.All of these measures are advocated by the Regency, as having direct bearing npon tbe election of Seward In that direction the legislative guns are pointed, A large number of schemes, including city railroads, are to be legislated upon for this purpose.ture, and in his last Interview with Mr. Flagler, he pointed out to that gentleman objectionable features,and convinced Mr. F . that iu those points it would work injurious to those that he was trying to benefit He says now tbat if tbe Legislature wish to force that law upon them,-he will try it for one year, but he is satisfied tbat it will be the death ol tbe republican party.thing has thus far been engineered to ao doubt part of the scheme to enable tbe Harlem stock to be purchased up quietly at its present reduced rates, that the favored pur- chasers may be enabled to profit by tbe advance as soon astheextendedroadtobroughtintooperation.Tbe next in order to a project by the present city rail- road companies to have an act passed giving them the ex- clusive right to the tracks now operated by them. Thtom conversation with one of the leading democrats ofAlbany, a few days since, upon ths Presidential question,I found he was sanguine of the success or the Charlestonnominee, let who would be nominated on tbe other side.He considered that Seward would be tbe hardest man tobeat in ibis State, for tbe reason tbat Weed would workharder for him and spend more money than he would forany other person, should Seward fail to g»t the Chicagonomination, Weed would fold ha arms and remain quiet,retaining ail that he makes out of tbe projects about the Urere; bas been Mayor of the city of Syracuse, and held Legislature and Congress. The democrats preferred to many ether cflkes of trust in that city; was ones thsPro Rate bill bitched on their competitor, and they left free.virtually a biil to prevent any more city railroads to be esteblishe d, and to vest the present companies with a mo- nopoly. If there to a perpetual exclusion of any othershould like to be Informed, that I may make a special note of it for tbe benefit of Ihe curious who speculate as to tbelr mysterious movementsFinding.that thto despatch to growing lengthy, I shall have to poatpoae the balance of valuable secret facts t* another and more convenient seasoc Let not those whom I Lave not mentioned to-day become jubilant at say net finding out their movement*, for there ia a page or two of tacts and names yet to be recorded.Chare;e mtMurder ontthe HIffh UHITED STATB8 COMMiaaiONlBS* OOCBT.Before Geo. F Betts, EsqTan. 24.—Ihe United Stales vs. George Dowser,—Tne defendant to charged with the murder of a sailor earned Janus Humphrey!, on board the packet hip Devonshire, on the 8lh oT Deeember last, when enavoy* ago between New York aad LtverpooLHenry Billiard, a aeamtn on board that vessel, aspsisi that be and Bumphreys shipped ta Mew York; Iks de- ceased wss cot a good sailor; he was 88 or 26 years oM,field would bo more closely contested with 8eward as ths leader of therepublicansthan it would If any other per- son was nominated.be took a fancy to a line of canal boats, and purchasedthe boaia, rights and good will of a large company.Be Is eegsged here as a sort of aid de-camp to Mr. Atiem aa took to those inside. • The great demand of the inhabit-Having thus sketched tbe plans and prospects of thsrepublicans, I will, sk soon as I can gather data, give aninsideviewofthedemocraticcamp,andshowupthets army,toseethatnoneoftberailroadspiesaretoboants of tbe western counties of the State for some relief from the great discrimination of the railroads against thembaasecuredastrongdelegationfromanumberofSenator Spins*, having O n * o k *portion, what and much meAlbany about tea days'age eeeTwha mm aawatan MmUoadand Oiesr artsaw Bas aai teal—m red to be docile In tbe future, and not kick low applies kit curry comb in the future.and I mink tbat tf a con neb men as S J Smith - approach and aot bare It blic, waa sent to -,it wouldnotbe lost; for I will(htt fas ftawttito! wtM *<ye#t-A Sketch a/ ttetr Bt- fort-Otker Interring Skitcka, etc., «*&sanebesides Mr ^Ifl' I?'*"*•u "^rnTea^er^l.This reconciliation, I undu atonrl, has noid others, such ias yonto retnrn it if I donotgettbe biil through my and the partes here then lobbying tor those valuablefriend ofWood, of >owelty estbeke teste tarbe ambittcoe of remlBcetkas of ettyWendelitom,Tbe prepeawton assof claims against theStotofor damagen. Whileancoca to fight against it in tbe Senate.comes n*ceirary for me to. give these schemes another the Empire City, also embraces attartles the people snd calls fortb their denunciation, theThe decision ©( the Canal Board (which to final to the matter) ha* Just been made public in the "Black River Claims." Theseclaims,madebymillowners,werekassd ui*.n alleged injuries to tbe water power on that stream, anddemandedfrom tbeState thetittlesumot»601,i87facte measures, as specks of personal acd political nccenities. Those who have watched tne movements onthis subject for the lasitvo ycars, an! have penetrated beneathtienirface,orwereknowingtothosecretmove-meets, meet be wellaware that these railroad enterprises a paytcg return for the cap.tai esmSSd h ma»i£ have formed the most embittered contentions in the re-of bis time and attention during tbe past two years to toe subject, visiting and personally examining every cUmi (sixtytwo in ail), and taking testimony before tbe Canal Appiaisers. Awards in favor of ihe claimants were madsCopyof lettertakenbymefromthsoriginal ROCHKTXX, March 16, 1868. J- GOULD. Only think: three hundred dollars sufficient to purchaseSix or eight New York members! Cheap as bull beef at a penny a pound.Mr. Parsons ran for tho Legislature last fall, but hia pro rata career did not please his constituent*, and they in- vited him to remain at home. B e is now toying his plana ior the Mayoralty nomination of that city.That closes the list of important operators in the thirdpublican racks. It will be remembered that test year three bills faned the Assembly, by decided majorities, author z:rg the construction of three several roads upon tbe sections ol tbe city left unoccupied by the present reads.Ibe friends of there bills had high hopes of their finalpassage in the Senate. But the sanguine hopes of into-watt tte graatr Tha awstioa a-gues mZt « a X l ,wouM be anaarent at in I ^ ^ f U ^ l T t ^ 7 , ^ acd drive off aii these who are eooteadteeftL^TUT? nTwhethertberawof fere at aest)bet -Li'!2m!^" the? win bar.- the field ail by tbemariwZ zS\.~ * ? • will come for [relative relief,*when theywaTfceTaaaltla by tne ^meut companies, wh« ar* i« favtw of k-y>iu»ibe fares at tte present rates. Shrewdness sad Mtonat ire i ot unnftn in the lobby at Albany. ' •When the city railroad campaign was opete l Georre law came to Albany wHh great nourish of trurojew aaa was fo'..wi-d by bis numerous retinue of wirepullers' a** men of all work; in fact, Us eutrv reminded .a at Aisaev mere th».r acy thing e'seerf tte elepfcact "TippoRahib" paraded tbiougb the streets of a village, to proclaim tha coming of tbe circus and nvcagery Pitching bis tentat tbe Deiavan, bisfirstgreat deimicnraiwo nThis effort teM*sons-Uid his Morgan, Wm. H. Seward would be by Hen. a A Law for the State, and Mr. Fitch, of New or small fry doiging around keeping watch of tbe railroad hope and despair, blighted.' The Senate waa in its second,ryv> Peer thai ITerftnU Vohtroi (he SpotU-Tke JUdicoU be ia at the present time. The most bittw things five per cent—thus reducing tbe amount payable by themen to discover who they are seen talking with, and ready to appear in any capacity necessary.year, and the republican majority was composed of poiiii"cal od is and ends, waifs and strays, from all the old par-Demand fat CandviaU for Garner-Movements of tte that 1 have beari sa;d against Seward by tbe Hate from $601,167 24, as clainud, to $59/216 30. A republicans have been oa account of hia saving of §641,960 94 to one series of claims is a subjectWeed bas bscked down, and now goes against tbe mea-Mr. Allen is a resident of Brooklyn, and bas an office at height, slim bnilt, smooth face, large eyes, and withal anfore, to be no thorough and practical remedy in the mat- with the present companies enjoying railroad franchisesIn fact he Is the cream of the Tate bim out of tbe list of the Pro"InamattersoImportant, aostatetotbeUnion couldtake the initiative steps with more propriety or prospect Fourth acd Fifth avenues. It would seem, if unexplained,operator before the Pro Ra'a Committee and has keen aMr Campbell, the President of tbe Harlem Railroad, to superintending the movement in person, aa&istod by our military fr.ena, Gen. Sanford, wbo appears on the fieldsively engaged in that business. His father-in-law,nave get baties. The " radical democrats ' of the republican party,far Qovermw-Opdyke Endorsed by Weed- association with tbe Regency, wbilst many that are on of gratulatinn, and ia really an important feather in Mr. sure. Bis Central Railroad printing, besides a few private or Senators Diven, W. A. Wheeler and Laflin, were what ofctete the cenfirnatwn of the -Ninth avenue sraat bv aMorgan Promisel Another ftrm—IAsmtenamt • Canf' •" DeclaXaap-rFaoi the Democrats Think^m tLmmtAnWA safe <£*?the rence are kept from voting for bim upon tbe simple reaton tbat they will have no share in the disposal of ths patronage cf the government under the guidawj of weed k CoLaw's cap. It furnishes, also, a hope or a place to hang a hope, that hereafter tbe State will retain the services of ibat gentleman, who has done so much to protect its in- terests in tbe matter of tbe "Black river claims."A number of persons were brought before the bar of tbe House this mornmg for being absent when a call of the House was bad yesterday morning. Each person gaveplans with Coming and Richmond upon other questions, may be tbe cause of this.Let us now turn our attention to the other side of the question, and see who are here for the railroads, for they, too, have their representatives in tbe third bouse. Eras tus Corning, residing here, is always on band, ready to consult with any and ail Dean Richmond is also dying back and forth, but spending most of his time st the Dela-might be termed, in modern p:lit cal language, "sore heads," and their grevances lay at the door of the Weed portion of the republican party. Diven had prepared his shoulders for tbe gubernatorial mantle, which, very much to his chagrin; had been put upon the regularly baptisedrider upon the bill, taking the piwer rrom tieTrjasaawtw « ^ t i a C S . ^*torHamn^dwasThava taken eareef thia tor bim, but la enestaeeaae of a sore toe whkh that gentleman was unfortunately afmeted wah it fell to tbe duty of Senator Spinola to engineer. It wu{ be remembered that the proposition met with very snfsr- tucate itsue. During the stay of "Live Oak George" tanKnowing ttat tbe public at large sei^e upon every item The ra<l'cal democrats will be guided in their action very much t y the nomination that is made by the Re- cf newt thai lends lo point to tbe course that pouttcal gency tcr Governor. Should Morgan be renominated, aseerreata are dnftiag, respecting the Presidential contest, bas been intimated, the democratic republicans .will tie his excuse, and, with but one exception, a woman was atRegency ite, E. D. Morgan. This caused Diven to prepare times were lively in and about tbe Delavan. Paraalee waxed tat and jocund, and Jlyeas was ever in the sad lie himself for deeds of revenge. bearng despatches to the various outposts aud seetiaeia'W. A. Wbeeler bad an old score to satisfy. In times en duty. He being beaten, be beat a hasty retreat, andbis forces have mate no overt appearance at the scene at bto disaster.four if not five railroad grants will be mads at the present eeesion of tbe Legislature.1. The parallel road running from the Central Park down Seventh avenue to Broadway, sad lhanot down Broadway to University place, and windtag through them streets to the AstorHouse. Aiso, a enaaeoUag nasal the way down Seventh avenue—virtually two roada2. An tateraectional railroad, starting at the foot Si Fourteenth street, North river, and finding its way to Fulton ferry, by a sort of zig sag rente.8. An east side railroad, starting at tbe foot of Grant street, snd coming down Grand street. Bowery aai Chatham street, to the tower ead of the Park.4. A railroad to start at the Grand atreet ferry, and to find its way, by an uptown route, to the foot of Forty- second street ,or Weekawken ferry.The fifth, which at tbe tone of writing thto the powers that be have not decided positively upon, is a tine to rat down ths lower part of Broadway, from tbe Astor Boast to South ferry, being a sort of a tender to the main tan,These bills, 1understand, are to be reported favorably upon by the Bouse committee to morrow, and it is iateai- ed to show that they embrace ail the railroadneeded for the requirements in your city to inpon wtch we have now ftirly entered-not withstanding lukewarm iu their support of Seward. Governor Morgan the bottom of their not appeal ing in time for the morning van House, where the pro rata men make their healhas shown himself to be simply a tool of Weed's; there session, tbat one exception is tbat tbe person in question quarters. He is a thick set or corpulent man, large, red fore hia rtnomination would be exceedingly odious to the did not get up in time to take tbe train. Every person and Dutch looking face, with bis cose wonderfully pro-was excused, thus making the whole thing simply a farce, or one ot the comic scenes tbat sometimes appear upon tbe legislative theatrical stage.The Proxy bill came up again this nnrniog and wasordered to a third reading by a large vote. Mr. Gibbs,of • Albany, moved to strike out the enacting is really the bulldog of the Central road in tbe lobby, andclause, which was voted down by a large ma- a printer by profession, but a regular employe of thojority. This indicates that it will go through the House road.with a rush. Tbe bill has been amended by tbe Judi- He is always on hand in the lobby, is a tall, slim man, Lieutenant Governor Campbell bad also been snubbed dent can judge of the course of events,foreahaeow**"itthe candidates have not been nominated—1 have taken tbetrouble to obtem tbe feeling of tbe representatives of tinrepublican party in tbe l.egisla*.urs aa to ibe real feeliof Intheir respective totalities a regard to tbe nomination orWm H. Seward for tbe b'gbeet office in tbe gift of tbeAmerican people, in hopes thereby of furnisbing to the is hardly a member of Assembly or Senate who recog-nises the Regency as the true head of the party, butwho declares that their policy is to renominate Governor dnftwoed acd other looae ma'eriala, are Betting. One Morgan, (me of tbe member* of tbe House, who tra asworW tbe direction that the political tide, aa well aa thewould naturally auppoae that there would really be notrouble in aacerlaining the real strength of tbe ie*Ser uftbe republican party, and, aa ex-Senator Madden re-sna/ktd, " tbe very embodiment of tbe principles or tbatwith that company, from past associations and affinities, assured me only Friday last that their plan w.w tho re- comination of Morgan. This assertion bad greater mean k g with me from the fact tbat the member in question comes from a locality which seems to me to be interested in tbe cim.naiion of Wadsworth, who is seeking thatciary Committee since it was considered in Committee of tbe Whole—or rather a new bill reported by the Judiciary Committee, which applies only to railroads; banks and all other corporations are excluded. It is now in the shape that tbe movers of this measure behind ibe cur- iam desire, and will in thia shape pass the House as aand carries a foppish cane and moves around with a sort of a bitching limp to his gait. Be has of late been in- dustriously at work distributing remonstrances againsttbe passage of a Pro Rate law amongst the members. There is also Mr. Thompson, of Pougbkeepsie, who was tbe attorney cf tbe Central road. Bis field of operationmat, ia order tbat thar might ireery atate tbeir view- wttcut tear of ocraUiction from others.tnaa that; oru a of the State which, in the days of Clay u d webtier, always could ha counted upon for whig ma'stand in tbe way of Weed than were exhibited by Opdyke. It is said that Weed and Opdyke shook hands and kissed each other just before the nomination of tho latier for Mayor. The candle snuffers of tbe Regency go as far as to state that Weed nominated Mr. updyke for Mayor, an honor which I had supposed belonged to thodevoted to the third bouse operators of this measure, for and sgaingt.First and foremost in this Pro Rata movement la the Clinton League; its operations I have previously described.and political Influences tbat are affected, and tbe safety to life, limb and property, that are constantly jeopardized by unwise and reckless management of railroads, will sooner or later require and demand legislative interfe- rence.Third. The principle will be asserted that the right to operate a railroad in tbe city of New York, w ta any ether city in tbe Slate, to a franchise b*i-cging to the Slate, and that the terms oa which the roau shall run are atail uses subject to legislative control."radical democracy." To satisfy this class, then, will be an important feature of tbe campaign if Seward receives the nomination at Chicago.minsnt He is bound up, soul, body and breeches in the Central Railroad and the democratic Regency at this place. Be never lets an opportunity pass to slip a word into, the ears of a member.past be was a candidate for Speaker of Assembly, at the time when B. J. Raymond was elected to that post over him. He never forgot who did tbat deedIn tbe meantime, accord eg to the laws of gravitation and affinities which pertain to lr boles and w ^ t h T a en well as the more material thraga of thai world there seems to be a distinctly marked combination of'all tha strong elements connected with these various dty rail- road projects, and the results, as far as your nn map LISIt has been generally understood that Weed has pro- mised a rencminaljon to Governor Morgan—in fact, thereNext we have Mr. Randall, a resident of 8yracute, whoLaflin, yourg, fresh acd ambitious, came to the Senate full of high hopes, but scon found himself left oat in the cold by tbe Regency, and bis head was very sore indeed^party," In n.a own State. However, experience baa honor. 1 asked him if he was not in favor of tbe nomine party measure, having for its chief object tbe subjection was principally before tbe committee.•hows that it to no «aey taak, but on tbe contrary ton or Wadsworth, to which be replied, "Not unless it aoa attended with a great many doubta and Is decided not best to renominate the present Governor."This reply ia significant.uv*s from tbe tarn* < ountiei disagreeing In tbelr state. ta.k about Wadsworth, Campbell, Diven and Oplyke, allThere are numbers of other operators for the Centralaocertaicties, aa each person from whom the urormation n Bought, looks at the position of Seward btfore He peop • ' hr.ugh a glass colored with hia own paThe "radical democrats'' demand ihe nomination of one of their number for Governor, if Seward is placed upon the course; this they say is essential to make the lat- ter palatable to them. Who is to be their man, is a ques-one deserts.The principal representatives of tbe Erie road are Hon.of whom are classed, I believe, in that company. A com-mitte—Naded by Wm. Bristol of Wyoming county, waitedupon Lieutenant Governor Campbell about ten days sinceand interrogated bim as to bis aspiration for tbe man&ionnow occupied by Governor Morgan. Mr. Campbell's replywas, that he would not iet his name be used in connectionwith that office in the coming contest, and expressed, as Iwere but few who knew the secret motives tbat we have now unfolded. Senator Truman waa enlisted in that com' binailon with Diven k Co., and was led to believe tbat it waa a holy alliance. I will not atop here to give ail the tricks which were exhibited to defeat the bills by tbe Senators from tbe city of New York, for that forms an unimportant episode to the main story.readers of the Hmuin posted upon legislative matters, Ifindthatthemainworkisdoneoutside oftholegislativeballs.Whatisdonebytbememberselectedbythepeo-difficultiestobeeffectuallyremedied?Theanswerwhich Thatthegreatquestionsinvolv.-iinthegrantsaretarefe-BMLIBaa to the t're^tb of tha a, oatle of republicanism a UKJ- counties.Tbe tact of thia ti'ssgreement ia statementa would indi- salc that ihtre a cc t, a. least, a harmonious feeling in tbe republican camp, even i i the State of New York, in re- gard to tbe com cation of Seward. Tbe cause of this totting has been a curkm* and interesting study as it de- veloped itself JI ecu,variation wtti t t e diOerent member, tftbeLegislature.1havecontu'tedwithrepublioana from every ccuii y ahJea has aect lha. kind of repreeen-tativea here, and in every instance where I have found even a bint that there wan a doubt about tbe feeling for Seward, 1nave conversed with all the repreaentativeaof Uat party from ibe e ucty in question before making upmy nund, and in ac doing 1 have been careful to select opportuL ties to coaversa whan so other persona were pre. thus far has shown more positive points oi character that background. A portion of my letter to-day will be found tbe immense and constantly increasing social, financialot the Central Railroad, and the transfer of its manage- ment from'one Regency to ths other.A. H. Honey, and Others—A Member Writes for More before the committee, but pays no attention whatevercaused all of their grievances, and the political interestsbehind them were those that bad marred their hopes andA PHOTOGRAPH OP THE HOUSE. AUUYT, Feb. 16,1860.Silas Seymour, formerly State Engineer, who bas for bin• •liar views. I t are that found republican represents' tion that seems to be unsettled. There is considerable Pen and Ink Sketches of the Lobby—Hugh Alien, O. Cobb, was the representative of that road and spokesman opposition was maintained upon public grounds, thereMonty to Buy Six iVao York Members—The Ldter—Ffty Dollars a Head for New York City Members—The BiU- road Lobbg—Bow Lobby Operators Manage, die., tie. The Albany lobby being now m full blast, I shall here-after pay considerable attention to this branch of the Stateunderstand, a preference for Mr. Wadsworth. That por-tion of tbe republican party from the western part of tbe government. Coming here for tbe purpose of keeping tbe down as advocating various schemes, I will give the fol-public travel.The committee will also present a written report uponState are strongly urging the nomination of Mr. Wads- worth, not only as an antidote for Seward's nomination, but on lbs ground that the west it entitled to it.lowing extract from hia report, which is the position that hetakesbeforethecommittee,inprivateandpublic—Geo. Opd) ke, of your city, has of late been wonderfullyencouraged by the winks and nods that he has receivedfrom Weed. It seems tbat Weed has repented of his oppo-sition to Mr. Opdyke in the struggle for Senatorial nomina-tion, in which Master Weed came ou~ third beet by accept-ing Mr. Mannierre as a compromise candidate, who isproving himself to be a regular thorn in tbe side of the The Pro Rata is now the most exciting measure before profit to their stockholders. Bat If this cannot be dons, Regency, and all of their nefarious schemes. Hia courserence to the terms upon which they should be made, their calculation to based upon tbe fallowing points —First ToprovideforIndemnitytoanyprivateownerof an interest in any street proposed to be ased, for the inju- ry which be may sustain."But serious difficulties wili be found in devking any le- jorrtJea,1tavafern*astronganalunanimousfeelingin republicans,inyourcity,tasaaad«*ainmate,«ajawc•#>*jaaxMswaaaaawtaymmk.»Una^daftp^arx,.WhoJa.ala».alalationtbatwillresultbeneficiallyto.tbepublicandatFourth. To establish new roads upon the same principleple as lawmakersjs only a form, to give legal sanction to what has been agreed upon elsewhere. It becomes, there- fore, necessary for me to keep an eye upon tbe outside operations.and salutary regulations respecting their railroads as ex- perience bas shown would result ia the greatest degree of safety to their passengers, and the largest amount ofdistinctly drawn and the defeat recognized as a political result, to satisfy tbe ends of political resentment and a triumph over Weed and the Regency.Thto year the field to occupied by new men; Diven, nolocger wearing tbe Senatorial robes, serves himself andcountry as counsel for the New York and Erie Railroad.Wbeeler to pursuing a quiet existence to the rural dis-tricts, occasionally paying a flying visit to Albany andcasting a wistful eye upon the old scene of his labors,while Laflin, refreshed by a visit to Europe, devotes histime reflecting as to the mystery how he obtained so highanelevation. LieutenantGovernorCampbt11stillremains tubstentiallyasthepresentcityroads,andhereafter» tilJl\rJhf Banish, his foe. Tburlow Weed The New Yorkthe Legislature; other.'great schemes areas yet to the it is submitted that the huge amount of capital involved.Second. To require tbe same tioenae foes tbat are now paid by the present city railroads, and that the fan shall be no higher than to at preseent paid oa the other roads, and as much less aa competition will reduce itJ. sL'L,;i ahouldJtpasa2/flu'*aviN*jia*«4B*am«|| —and overlooked in the disposition of appointments, and any one that gazea npon hia expression of countenance, can readily see that he seldom forgives or-ever forgets slights of thto kind.When the railroad projects were introduced in the Se- road, actirg as sentinels around the camp to see that no nate, these gentlemen saw a power behind them thatright bower and legal adviser Setb Hawley, of New ambitions. They therefore laid their heads together toYork. The latter is well known in the legal world. Bte compass the defeat of these schemes, and although theto the Individual members—only looks at things in a legal pointAlthough Mr. Seymour ia tbe representative of the Erie road, be sees the necessity for some kind of legislation, wbilst the Central men declare there shall be none; but tbe question with bim is what kind of legislation can the roads submit to without injury? Since he has been putThecombinationtowhichwerefer,aidedbytheinop- portune, or, as some have considered it, opportune with- common sense wonld seem to dictate is, that the railroad drawal of Senator Spinola, and his persistent obstinacy to managers should by common consent, and in good faith remain in contempt and leave bis seat vacant, defeated towards each other and the pub In, adopt such mutual the railroad. It was a contest in which the lines werethose bills, in which the following points will be argued."Tbe question then very naturally arises, how are theseReceiver Marsh occasionally makes his appearance here,and talks with tbe Committee on tbe different points of tbePro Rate. He unhesitatingly declares that he cannot ope-rate tbe Erie Road under the bill now before the Legisla- way to Central Park. Tbe quietness with which thisThere to evidently no love lost between the Central andMr. Fields, of Rochester, was formerly director o Erie representatives here. The old prejudices stick out, to another very sly and silent movement, in which a Mtnto which they carry honey under their busy wings, Irthe Central road; but becoming factious, and not follow and there to co doubt but each would rejoice to see tbe daylight exercises a very unwholesome influence. It ising in the traces to suit Corning, Richmond k Co., he waa dropped by that band, and Mr. Cobb has an eye on that firm.Mr. Sloan, of the Hudson River road, occasionally makeshis appearance here. We have had once or twice a per- companies from the use of Canal street, West Broadway,Mr. A. B- Hovey is a resident of Syracuse, and hat been cr.ee a wealthy citizen, standing at the very top of societyfect army of railroad presidents, superintendents, freight agents, &c , shedding the light uf their countenances up- on tbe Albany lobby, and then reilring like images in a puppet show.Bowery acd Chatham street, there necessarily cannot be any additional railroads, for those thoroughfares are in- dispensable outlets or means of communication between tbe npper and lower sections of ths city. This measure cannot be carried through except by a defeat of all tbetheyweresanguineofdefeatingbiminNewYork,yetthe ownerofalargeamountofrealestate. Afewyearnsince talkinginfavorofProRate,and IunderstandthatTho thatitwasintendedtosmugglethisthrough,butIappre-and is one of the sentinels that watches over the Pro Rate\ found among their forces, and that none of tbelr men de. counties especially is this true of Niagara county, whichTwo of the New York agents, Messrs. Hart and John- son,ofthePennsylvaniaCentralroad,havebeenhereforcesenlistedinfavorofthenewrailroada.IttosaidHaving sketched the outside operators of thia law, letiSaateaibataremoresincereintheiroppositiontoWttdand&tutorSpinolaShakingEandt—CanalClaimNextinturncomesThomasParsons,ofRochester-forcesintbeHouse;ittotbatissuethatelectedhim.HetheretoreallyanyfineworktobedoneatAlbany,acdwasanEnglishman;onthenightofthe8thofDeceavbe farther extension of slavery than this class of so-called «'radical d*n»crau," in fact, it is part of their religion, tns to be born in them, and is one of those eonsti-cbaracterisLOB that makes them what they are. s the question of slavery is concerned aha TrnnhiSBf orator, and it ia only which ha has thaw sympatbies or caa L lathis light It is highly Important •n this State that tbe agitation of theBefore the Apprauen—Prvsy 1KB, etcThe work of cementing combinations seems to be going on at a wonderful rate; many combinations have been formed, and owing to tho ventilation and tho facts having come to tbe public eye, they have been broken, and it has become aeceasary to apply further adhesive matter tokeep certain measures from being defeated.The different elements in regard to the city railroads ware arranged, at it was supposed, in apple pie order; hat developements,in connection with the last executive session having damaged very materially those arrange- ments, it baa become necessary lor Lord Tnarlow to snafflebit cards over, and make a new deal all around.On Saturday afternoon, in company with Corning and Richmond^ bo visited your city and tried his hand atmakingsidered that If he had both Regencies and thefCentral roadwas. in fact, forced to come against his own wishes, and nowhere,betodirectingailhiaeffortstotbepasaageofthat act, and should it pass this Legislature, the friends of tbat measure will owe their success to his superior abilities.Mr. B. may either be found residing at the home of his friend Van Yechten, or listlessly moving about the halls of the Delavan Boose. It will hardly be worth while to stop acd describe the incidents of his visit last winter, about the time that the parallel road met with its great disaster; that must be reserved for some other timt. But now for the new city railroad schemes.The ball was opened this season by a bill introduced in favor of Messrs. PuIltoB, Berkley and Hewitt, at the back of which were Francis A. Palmer, of tbe Broadway Bank; Beaekiah Johnson; John Anderson, the tobacconist, wbo was also at the romp of the Yonkars scheme, and several others of big and little importance. This waa put forward aa the stags scheme, Bark- ley representing the Knickerbocker lino, running npon Bleecker street and Broadway, and Pullto the Twenty- third atreet and Broadway Una. But, strange to say, while these gentlemen put forward their measure as a means of indemnity to stage interests, they took vary good care that the route proposed by them should be an far as possible from tbflroute of their stage line.This scheme to ^rvtaaUy the parallel tine, and would injure almost ntrj other stage Una ope- rated on the west aide of the city except theirber he fell into the sea about eight o'clock at night; ad wars called to reef topsails. I was ta tha slings of ton yard; Bumphreys wan silting on the foot rope sal the. second officer (Ibe prisoner) waa steading as tbe foot rope; I saw bim kick Bumphreys in tin fans, and heard him tell can to lay dataa oa tot deck; Bumphreys got into the main topmast nggag; tbe prisoner told him to get down: ha said he could ad get down, an there were others before him going aroaad the top: he then toW him to go on the back stayt what en the (back stays tbe prisoner struck Bumphreys wxk La fists in the face; Humphreys then slid down at far as the crane cue, I saw the prisoner take bold of Vtmmnt stays and shake them, the crane line caught Bumphreys in the crotch, snd I taw bim topple over and fall over- board, I then want down on tha deck, we wars ordsrel to masthead the nmtatcyaail to increase the speed of thsreys fell; tbe prisoner said nothing when the BMS fef overboard; beard him say nothing bat order lbs nan down; beard him aay nothing when he was shaking ths stays: it was while be was shaking the stays that Baash- reys fell; I did not ass deasased strike toe decs; l should judge be feD clear of the deck into the water, thavessel wan not pat about, and no order wss given Hatifilli artltssjiinausuit toaaretbeamathatknow of; Tbeard there wat a life buoy thrown to him; vessel was goingexamination before the American Consul and an ington magistrate; I and Fox, with two or three others of woThe Cantata aad Mates testified—Nothingheard of that man again; wo did not speak any ah'p that night a man named Green was on the yard, aad saw tastHe performs various kinds of labor in the lobby for thisPro Rata bill, and makes himself especially officious incirculating the intelligence that tbe railroads are .buyingup members, and using their money in a sort of a looseway generally. He is engaged in the'lumber business inRochester, and has extensive political Mpiratioan. Hewas a member of be Legislature in 1868, and introduceda bill similar to this, in which he got into a sharp fightwith the Central Railroad managers, and, getting despe'rate, be wrote boms, it is alleged, for money to bay up that to be ths real case of affairsb« kept uppermost inBe does not hesitate to attempt to foil every move of tbe friends of the railroads. Coming here as the avowed advocate of pro rate, he considers it his duty to counter- act every move of the opponents of the measure. His opposition to the printing of the testimony, a few days since, waa based upon a suspicion that alt waa not testi- mony tbatawaa asked to be printed. Upon examination after the matter was referred to his committee, he foundthatTowfcWboffhand way, "Just as. you sny,"_bill is in committee of the wholesaying a wordto the tasmkars ta qaasttoa, tons seBiag •amy. YarBy, there to oftentimes great difference be-1. members by the wholesale, without influencing legislation tween preacblxg and practice.The Mayer, «&-»«• IfeUem WelU.—Jjdgmenl reversed,anotherAstorBouseslate. H en odoubt con-Daaa SIR—Tbat you may know how things are prosper-ing and to suggest some ideas, it the reason of my address-ing you at this time. By order, last evening was made merly conducted a German paper at Buffalo, but of late the special order for the Railroad bill. I will explain why bas had bis fingers in various contracts about the caaatoit wss not taken up: A committee on matters relsstaito therefore is personally interested in the measure.git an interviaw with, Mr. & refuting to respond to the call of Weed. Senator Spinola has fought with alt tbe (act and energy thai he knew bow, every measure that he saw Weed bad a hand in, and has been la the way of that Albacy manager in many of his pet schemes. Weed has therefore been anxious to bring about a reconciliationmoved tbat it be made the special order for Monday evening next. This brought tbe Buffalo members to their reet, proposing Thursday, Friday and Saturday, ont after tbe other; hut the previous question being called and or- dered, II brought the vote direct oa my resolution to make it Monday evening, and 1 carried It—60 to 22.This la some indication of bow the bill will finally gobut to what extent it cannot with certainty be said• but ofbut was unable to accomplish it until Bean Richmondvolunteered as a friend of both, and advised Senator8aiaolathathehad bettor maks up withWeed,asthat •auiwsuv, VIM,unua »IK>/ uavugentleman was exceedingly anxious,an explanation at aome length on the partofso seeThurlow.and R. to his (R's) room, at theDelavtn where Weed was in waiting. The two belligerentPwtstn ewihtmad the compliments or theavemn* then.attare tor son» un^wtttoatikiftijr looking U each othar i ^ T a word,one nas money tat It, and when tbat particular bill corneain Rochester de aot realise the great object that up for consideration. they will make representation to preaching and praying over the disastrous consequencesaot ibhreTihc — asking Senator oihitff"•**•»• I am sorry Hogarth was • * * » » * T broken by Mr. Wood --^aw waenpjtmne to Jbjttoaebnotwithstanding this, far as Rochester is concerned, fighting thto singlelikely to pass, bati Mr. Weed then "admitted that ha baa woaM giroThese men! are gene-to section* oTbills in the least That was the pioneer scheme, acd after came some MmUnemM. WUstm ta. PtCin C. Hia%*n-Itof»a*'COUld Slon of slavery I •* «•«—• — «TM«*>r mm iair, and that he seat a iUntitled DocumentThe qusetioo of slavery* to defeat the Senator last AMI, and, Uwy go torh aaounuf moneyinto h*vtisttict,be, waj mmhki|j2times confusing country members, so that it is actually tbe fact thatIhave seen men voting directly againsttheirIcrg a comatmtoaUcn for one day, and!win therefore Bnd-d^ff*rfc|e«^as~tS^^ojsmed.aad^antesubinitted without argument. Itocaate feserveir * **""•' • •*-*•- -v •*-«—•*Mr. Flagler to a resident of Lockport, and a lawyer by certain New York members tbat were offering ail kinds. profession, but largely engaged tn manufacturing. He toof amendments to his bill, with ths object of defeating it Here ia the letter—_ ^ _ __ ALB.urr,March 18, 1818.unquestionably one of the ablest members or the lower Bouse.Mr. Miller,of Buffalo, also considers that be has this Pro Rate measure under bis specal charge, and inva- riably bas something to say on it. B e is a German, and speaks broken teglisb, la a printer by trale, and tor.In back bim, there would be no danger of bis slate beingagain broken. The only apparent result of that tour bas the Commissioners of Emigration in New York had two The opponents of tbe Pre Rate law do not seem to have own. It would bo death to the Broadway lines,witnesses who refused to h e sworn, and they werebrought before the Bouse for contempt This necessarily seat for a number of times tkis winter, and wan unable to delayed action on my bill last evening. I thereforeany leader or organized plan—each man fighting for him self. Thia, in a measure, causes their opponents to fight in the dark. There are a number of members tbat will bo able to answer all the arguments of the friends of the meanaro.Having thus reviewed the Pro Rata operators, I will close that branch of tbe sabjeet to-day by aa allusion to a large class of lobby men who have been fluttering about the Iegtolature since tho commencement of the session. I a\jude to a class of men who are perfectly irresponsible, but who are always hanging around readyandalmostdestructiontotheConsolidatedStageCompany; pet they were indifferent aa to consequences ;r they could succeed. It baa been supposed by the knowing ones that their combination was strong enough for success Hswitt was considered the representative of a vary important and controlittg interest at Albany, whilst Johnson was considered a king ta the way of success ta the pant, and each one of the combiExtion was posted in their particular line.As a curious commentary npon this measure, the nasi- tion <rf Messrs. Pulliss and Berkley may be referred^bean tbe concihaton of Senator Spinola, whom Weed hasone thing you may be assured: it has started the ratroal l to tain hold of anything that will pay. This class num- Last year, when the parallel road passed tbe Assembly,men. Ibey dread this bill more than tbeteUragof the * bers a legion. Many of them often make a strike, fre- these gentlemen were full of tribulation and loud lamenta-da, and, could they have their choice of the twoquently in tho moat contemptible way.they will manage to watch the bJlsand ascertain wnishtionsthattheywere not provided forinit,andMr.1>ul- occurrence.would select the tolling processI am satisfied of one thing: that oar battae* mensome member that mere ia something wrong.and thus got to aoonspHsh two things, one of which bf to fbey will then call upon the friends of th- help the business and 'the farming comnvinity kilsad inform them that they will get that member to ewithdraw his objections for n certain sum; the sum isltoa, who la an exbortfer ta n Mataodist church ta highNathaniel Fox gave similar testimony. The witonnes were cross examined at considerable -cgth by Mr. R.-|r way, and the case adjourned to Ixo'clock oa Saturdaywill be obtained if this biil enoBsedT it to «?£<*J»«Jt«M?5 « « • ana wasaotprevidedfoViathis bill; whilst Berkley did an amount of boring on the same subject worthy of the best days of the Hooeac tunnel. Thto year, thinking that the tables are turned, theaeg^- Uemen are prepared to run a railroad directly over every interest, upon a route to which they have notthe slightestB in the accidents that overtake great measures beforethey should find that their bill tonotof this State, placing them on equal rooting ttanspm to concerned with tte^est,\nduTfiu•& it wUl aiiSBeforeJadgre Daly, Brady aa nacttloNB.Id and the objection to withdrawn. It is doe, however,themembsrs tbat I state tbat ta nine oases out or ten the members in question never have the toast knowledge or suspicion of thus being sold, or of Ihe private arrange ments that have been made with their namea •Frequently thto class agree to get certain members to vote foV a measure for a Axed sum. fan memoere in question happen to veto for that biB, and the lobby man leceiveshia price for toe votes, wijhout, perhaps, ever«. Isa*: M. EtdaJL—Judgment affirmed* VmM*y**t*%\n.m.A. Bickinsom.—Mo one ifor tbe appaOant. e n motion of the Attorney for ths re- spondent, toe Judgment Is affirmed, with costs.JfeaselAf. Porter t» Jaawi A*iai.-Judgstent affirmed, with crate.with costs.¥;i•tending, entertained lha rwnmfttoo of the Senate w!ththat is ta favor of protecting stated preaching and boring will once theirtoetatorestsaf these that win be injured, we'ehi ", nodoubt, nana aeeddea religious revival in the loboy and• run at a fare of of charitablecarmd towards founding aa a atfll to 0nn iaeutution to bette raibeaitte ftrrt applicants tot that San, be ansstRuber.Tama* T*W8Mdw»h«»,ye4BQtto0Wing!L.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069poetroceanoticeoftbe balance of theseoperatorsuntil »vm« mors appropriate kaajoo,ailceabinedfurnishingrailroadtracks for almostevery ayii-e, street, lane and byway of th* metropolis.ScUmomSine* at Wtilian ed, w.lb cost*.ATn^wt—Judgment affirm-www.fultonhistory.com 