 1IEOYSTER8L0OPTRAGEDY.sags by bb» Cs****>ef the it - J-i:»va was ^«e of irtec 'wit thtt corps a maa op In a store aaS liks Ckamacsnr ot Cnnanaeree*tbe crew of Uti« »esest BbertiT e.:-r u»| wv-> at sea, t c •••t« t • i t«v the enme ct murder. . ^ *>CTHMft BlrOBff AK» DttSaTS OK TBS ASOUTTOHTtae OfSBd L>c«fa nt Maatst snoot-1» DAY'S raocsvooiaaThssssstwsrahipfnlOrandLoagaafFresaadAaesptsi Masonsaf ths State af Kew York, anst at tba Appofs RecantWednesdayat9g,M..tapvrswaxceofadjocrnment BesidesthedelegatestothsGran*Lodgethere wares«ws Wasr Task •awawgw.Aurn»rnawm.jamsa,art ArenUraveLegof tne Hew Tork eTsgartealthawwasheldat theSociety's baa, liuTnTabet »er atf> in«uat".M«itaw1oOt o r D D 1 >J 1 C I I <DHIALIID l*tTlIL8 OF THEto thrbwsr ibe corjeea c*eibeard Aocat4:sg •» A-e«lra» cCW , b'Jt tar reasoaa which he omitted tt ny, Esq , was elected n member af ths Committee of usual standing coamtttees wars announced, attar which the Abbott Ceitectioc reported that tttoyhadfaaZlTHK MUTIHTOH T H ESALADIH.1snd delivered a brief siarsta. Attha coaclastoaof whtoh hs presented ths Grand Lodge wtth an elegaatly bovndoopysf ths precsodmgs of th s t.raad Lssga ofmeetingofthesoctetytoreportthatf was the property of O e aociety.were then nominated and elected TI the at teutios a f I n s soctety a» eightExtra*: from Captain Bnrr't Last Letter to Hi*Wife.The Trustees reported apoa tha sanount of money In h»i k, and their anaxestloc that they refused to open their a*xantw*hthsLeather Manufacturers' Bank,wasap-iataolittleexcitementabouttheMarshal'soffice, Sheaiyprsoa,and thecity generally. Tbefulleatcre atones WMgives to the statement, aa than was ao re* »oalasuspecttbesourcefromwhichitemanated. ItwilltS!SJiTtaaa^ho wasontbeGrandJuryattheir trial, bad an ocpomnHy of hearing the teetian-ey aa wellasaninteinewwttbfosseoftheprsoners. Oneof tbe men, the steward, who was advanced ta years, first madecotituna. Thefearothers,Jat;SOD;aaEnglish lad; Ate*'BOO.ayouxg Swede;Jones,asInabman,whs bad but one leg. aad Hazeltoo. a fine leoktsg youag tal- low,werec.oMcted andexecutedatQaLfaxformurder?(iat'f-b Nat be:ng pcatea upon either tbe Arabic or the H>«t! ott t, oo-rti< Tiers o:d tot attempt on this point to te*tnasknowledgefurther.RrieniEg to tbe tubject cf the murder and hlsap- proachirgtrial.Hicksmanifestednonnmiitogatsstocon vr«e gtcerai';. v^o tbe topic, but wben queatistied as to dctaitheee-meccecidedly dttmcilned tosaySfiytbisg, erdprwrrvedatliiocewhichcontrastedstronglywithhat previous cammcnicaiiveBesa. He remuked that several geatlemtcbadbeentoseehimconee?ntngfeematter,tsaegTtes giving Us aaaent. tn ad vaicw and without prartoaa examination, or proper limitation, to aey laws heroafter tobepataedbyanyortbeseparateStates,imposingiocal •cirsge cuUts on the navigable waters of tba Uatted Ctta.-aws.Rewlved, That tbe Secretary forward coptes of tb!« reetiuiKictothaSeastarsinOoagreasfromthisState,and tothe BepreseoUtivea fromtbwcityTie retoiuttcse were uasaimously adoptM.the brethren, who had signed ths rspirt now presented, to place his hand on a single precoStntto masonic BBSto- rv, whether remote, meoiieyai, or mooern, wnich caactiona even by implication, this great taasatly of agovsrstagbody.Heaohevodthatatairmforpowerbad dictated the attempt to estabbth this mast dsageroaa gs- vsrntogescansumthsnameofmasonry. Usadvocuea declaredthatttdidnotseekpower,taliwssmoompau ble wtth the laws of its existeoce, which ths report be- forethis Grand Lodgs foreshadowed. Itmight net do say barmatfirst, but,Banths rolling bailof snow,Itsheets of the work. He tothe}ear1799,anils ouH seven huaorec s a tO* ***** CitV Vaatl thaa l»JJSUlmfillto tbaamssMi^^^iby the aaaexed docuBaaeai that Hicks chtl thecemetiMofthemmmm* statsla«h«tconapaperuponUuwarofthaUnites resets wtta Triwi The paper began wtth a brief deaoriptioa af Man*.armHad tha two Waltaea ta trua, out cootenta his serfwithsayingthatthere iaonlyonepersonTbebaladinsailedfromValparaiso,withacargoof so,batbetboMlebeabletoprovethathewsscevsron guano, Lavi?g also oa board a cocaxierable quantity of soard the rsssei at all. Why," said he, "whea they first silver. Capt MeKrcz-e was master A Cast. Fieloing and got t e e , thsy wa&tea to try me and bare me hang up atbis toa had taken i>«fsag« at Valparaiso Tha ship waa i««.ce bat now I expect tbey11 take their time, aad that it bound to L rarpooL On the voyage Capt Fieldtog firtt In- wai be a good whi> before I gat out of this place." W atable. ' ^_ Hi. Btxawrra, from t h e special oontmittee npon t h s tatterofPreaideatBnahaaaatoregardtothettnmanltj of tbe property ot private citizens on board ship daringtime ot war, submitted tbe following majority report:— Naw Yoas. Inns 7, 18*0.tower whiob be s«wght to make a crumbling rata, t h abrethren,fcetbtughsthooldbewarethattheydidnot,bytnetraottonsnow,assisttobringtotebeingsuchatiraany as might exert s baneful tafiasnessn rrea Ma toernryoftbeland. Le*themsonetasnottostateths ta 1799 arepages of masonic history with ths record of tha sanction, and ta sheas taenttts w e agreed to pay 1by the State of New York, of such s n indefensible p r o them, as fYance had agreed to pay tribute la lmTaTaat position. He further predicted that, tf such s body also the Dutch, Sweets and Veaetiaas, tadorea"!!! should be created, in less than ten years there wouia be Britain. Tbe ship Sophia ceaveyed to tSasStwaitaw enc4igarcbyestablished,whichwouldbeatoaosimpoU-tic, useless and tmneoasaary.The Grand lecturer tben presented his report of his would aot equal two hue of battle tatesw U knew all, aad wha wlU pnbUeh the facts after his death for tha benefit of hie wife. If this cocftsaioa ia ever published, it will be teen that the toad ant facta do act inaifirlsllj differ from those we published. Thafollowingisthedenialalludedto—waoSihow entrely d.flertnt are the facts from those published a the pspers ot Wednesday. ALBERT. W. HICK)Ore Pteoii, Weanesaay.The©oafesttooofthe pirate,Albert W.Hicks,aliasspecial committee c; three.A petittuon from several members of Eastern Starbe was dtomtated by the Bay, ta 190s. Mr datacart ssr Ocneul te Tripoli, was also eagaged ta persetaal eoair* versy wnb the Bashaw of that State, who, ta tas lawstruck him a heavy blow on the head with the axe, and •SOD be waa dead. Then I went down in search of thehoped, will be afforded every facility by the Central Park President be placed sn file, and that tha committee be Commitaioners, and duly "received" by tbe palished and discharged. ROYAL PHELPS,JOHW D JONEs.A (org debate upon these resolutions, discussing the en- tire question of privateering, ensued, in which Messrs. Be-rwlrth, Pbelps, Low,Whitmore. Ogaen and others par- ticipated;attheconclusionof which,npon themotionof got quite a set of tools. He understands all about a boat, Twentysixth precinct, located at the City Hall, made an Captain Marshall, oDe of the signers ot the majority re-tonal Monument Find, of which Mrs. Walworth was Vice forced the same terms upon Algiers aad Tnatt tas President for the State. H e hoped that tbe request Tripoli baa accepted. During all tha time tbe Barasaaeaptaiacamestrong,for several minutes; b a t a t last I brc-ugat htmUOWB,aadhe,too,wastoondead. After rillingthe cai'teia's money bags I commenced to throw the oodles overboard i b e j had been dead about a a hour at this time, sad sank into tbe sea tbe minute I threw them over therail Thekc"emarksfound on thegunwaleof the alocp were aot made by me. 1bad ao occasion to make them, as the men had all been dead aa hour, and could aot hare clang to tbe rail, as was supposed. 1 should think « t were about fifty miles at sea at tbe time, so thatparture of tbe E. A. Johnson on her ill-fated voyage — This man William Johnson, who lives in New York, isend upon going into t h e cabin In conflict Captain Burr, ablecoaied m a n , foughtw e immediately w h o w a s a hard with m eincorruptible dignitaries at tbe City Hali, with whom, no a smart reilow. He went at tbe mast and scraped it doubt, it will be a labor of love. Another appropriationwould be complied witn, tbat the society might go iato active operation in this Stateas* elsewere.Tbe Lodge was opened with prayer by one of the Grand Chaplains, when, on motion, they took up the special order of the day, the election of grand officers for the ensuing year. A il persons except officers a n d members of the Grand Lodge and repreaentati res of foreign Grand Lodges wereexcluded during tbeballoting Sometwelveper-nations ooatinaed to pay tribute, but at that Urns Oral Britain seized the opportunity to rid herself af thai yau Siace then the Barbery States hare eusk te psrsrw Boca they will be overflooded by our civilization, sal wil vie wtth Italy ta its attractions to those who Use frost at cold blasts of our winter. The reader coeetadea mm eloquently, and wss rewarded wtth round apoa reset ifapptanse.•Tcpoted to have a cast cf the pr^ocer's heat taken, the miter sail be waa quite witling that ihe operation eaot id he performed provioed the great showmen pa a him li^e rally. Baraum struck a bargain with the culprit waoout delay, aad tor $36 and a box of tegars the latter allowed h s face aad bead to be en< usee in plaster of Parts for three quarter* at aa boar.During tha past week or tea days the keeaers noticed that Harks was oa rather intimate terms wub his nextact in the metier to as to secure toe detection, arrest aad Infamous system had prevailed in ibe city of Newgiadly do so If any one would pay aim for the trouble, Ksuroao, as the guests of that corporation, and dine at pennbmtnt oi tbe porter. He wss put off irom time to York whereby a band of scoundrels and cruelty and constant abuse, of five of th<-crew as! teesot that he cared for the money himself, but that he might the National Hotel, at lcog Branch, where Mr. Peters amc by the young man with various excuses until Tees robbers defrauded the unwary and ignorant by cap-ain of th. vessel, Edgar M. Tattle, is jstoel at pnacIPStlibjCSB •MMtTOftt*der Cil. Btardm, and /might in the baUiu </ Jfo-a- LafasaadfbrfotSmtcm.Thetatterenkaown to the puhUe,sc and dtrpcmk Mtkt that ewr too* piacr, eorr tore his death hs bad a it, la a st ire corner of Grand and ^ ^ l t o J * k ! imcaft0 M r B T m " »tt« » ^«M report of kmmgW»*d*wL- Ourreporter asked bimifhebad law1street*—recoveringfromwhich,hereturnedhomo urnfacttaat hisowndetectionhad ailbeeaprsrijoatyat i*I~* '_-;. aad ihmw were two ether.i saJhtsoa-wbohad»•«•graatod.afro*fas_ at the ttme, and the captain esetng ths occurrence,: "'wife visited him as usual, and, taiting ber accustomed seat b« ha oeU door, passed the afternoon with him in conver aatua By order of the Luted States Marshal the repreeeataLveeofthepressandallvisiterswereexelulod laterperiodforaverysimilaroffence. from the eel! of the culprit, although tor what reason weoccurred, but showed that they were more like skirmishes tbaa pitched battles, aad that the leas of maa on either Bide was not very considerable—a fact which shows thatBeached.ThatthethanksoftoteGrandLrvgearedue broken thetreaties a-rsedy. The"tartaiigtaBMial af**-coaM aot ascertain.THK ttrRDBRS ON THE OYSTER SLOOP.not arm privateers; we s>&ou<d It is aot consideredvery ciflicult to blacks-le ail our porta: thsunited Faglith and French ilfst could and woulddo it. Vt tat is ibto to beccme cf our privateers and theirprizes9 Foreign ports being so-jt against them by tbe"Pails Deelaaation," and thefcunceports being all blockadad,ofwbatpraciicaiuseb(comestbeprivil*»gsofcapture If there ia no haven for the prize? And how will it h> lodge, and the decision of such lodge on appeal to tbe "ignri'es that h* other captains refused to go toast,an bewithoorcommeroev Tbegeneral blockadewillshut Grandlodgebasbeenreversed,ontbeground of hisin the American commerce wassafe, to 1801oarsat, opInthehomeportboththemerebsntvesselandthe nocecce,theactionoftheGrandlodgeshallrestorethe reinforced,investedTripoliandkeptTunisaadAlgtatTHK CONFESSIONOf the pirate appears to have benn contemplated !>/ t m tor eeTeral days, and had it not been for the interferencei« the morning of the 22nd of March last the people of New York aad its vicinity were horrified aad astounded by she intelligence that a triple murder, remarkable for its peculiar and atrocious features, had been perpetrated o aAS a number of Grand Lodges are now agitating the quietionoi the effect of a rever-al of tne sentence of a subordinate lcCge by the action of its Grand Body—o*cert**iaaivtduatethewholestorywouldhavebeenIioaidtheoystersloopEA.John.-on,intbelowerbay,andResolved.Tbatv,henabrotherhasbeenexpelledbyths day o( his sentence he has been low spirited, and at times the keeper ha< found htm ia tears Remorse for the cruel murders be committed had so worked upon his Bia i that be determined to make a clean breast of theprivateer, or, u*on the ocean, both will be exposed to brother to membership to his lodge, ss well s^ the gene-qutet Our people were now thoroughly arouaM, sata ie03 Commodore Dale waa dtomissed by our rrinrtaai tor hit, inactivity, and Commodore Preble took ha pita. Tbe frigate I'biiadelphia, Captain Bambridge, uafortuatw ly ran aground a n d w a s captured by gunboats, aet at Bey commenced fitting her op to continue ths ssr. Captain Bambridge suggested to Commodore Frebs) sataffair, rather than endure the terrible state o f feeling anykinds were made as to the nature aad extent of the disas-ter, the appearance of the murderer, and other kindredfacts The sloop was first discovered by t h e crew of thelour no fears need be entertained that the far* will be de prtved of these creatures, oae of its mctt beautiful oraa ments, as their breeding season is near at baad By next fall tea or twelve more of the birds will, in this manner,capture, but admit the principle of immunity, and one at least, the merchant vessel and ber cargo, if oat of port, will be safe—will be permitted ta enter without bin orance. cot merely neutral, but even enemies' ports.ral rights oi masonry.Tbe Grand Lodge then adjourned until this (Thursday)morning, at nine o clock.All reports- prt -ented speak well of tbe prosperous con-*. -«——_____C«p*lieldixgw:.<inMtf-rja.ck<--a&Jiri..•"•:•«J»2 excited a ftilrii o' u * crew •» »'rt;y.f» att;.r :b- C*na:nac«ttt»-tbaiMTnl win tutt a»Ji teaaisetti?'-Ibecy-ii c!taea<8Uttor|c»arertslkiBi*•• t-t f t xoi'd hot ***»•* rarjasrasta,i .-a' vc- w , he*'pta ^»**V_*«|*f,£r J"*^ x mmmorAtnaiOANrsuYATMRiNa.V s rainier monthly meeting af tha Chamber of Comsa-cewasheld yesterdayatana o'clock P. M Irvinewhile w e were at Keyport, without telling, while I waaa&bore. He is a good hand; can turn his hand to •lmoBian}thiiig. Heisasbipcarpenter,hesayj,andhasis therefore called for. THKCITYHALLPOLICK—A fewi only 13 not a very good helmsman to steer the sloop nice wben beating to windward; he understands steering well enoughotherwajs Itrequires a manthat hasbeendays ago thepolice oftbeimportant arrest of two females in a house of ill repute ia Houston street, but for some unknown reason the facts werewithheldfromtbepress. Noreportwasevenmadeport, tbe subject was postponed until the regular meeting in October.NEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, JUN1* 8, 1860.-TRIPLK SHEET.prtot ruav'<r ia the CMUm vitteiaad bsr -a vatls cargo, wi-x* «h»j shoil.: »»pn. - HI i, , • > • i'«wed a preof r.Mmer w w "TrSKETCHCFTEPRISONER'SCAREER. I-'tatet,ittc'rr*iw lbep!aawas^a'^'d<i'jtiirte *f«-«»gtcsisacconwtasrtral *****«&>**' atti-ie f-art a tie stvtrai mT-r<j*a a«d a**-fiV*4 »'.•. a. tefcga zed baviig aeea ths SouthGrtrtoD,C D.MatthewandRobertI.Mtaturnwereandnevactastreet.Tc>sdayesaaaag AftertassaaaT!!? E'tt bitei'; hti ttrrtble stc-«r .'^ha»oe w e t aa C», id at * * cam.- bis coaunataeat, CM « two «f elected members of ths Chamber, sad Shepherd Dan- targs number of starting brethren front other States Ths mtaary bsstoem, ths somnvttse upsa ths parches?!hiscmstafmett,madetotoeCcirtatth«t'me,liswas WMW.twciecotm»k*btmreM •^0WBr-»tin Ltattt) two jears cf eg* He sail ne was a BaUea t,»«e<J to tea: by ua that hs probably o'lr^ctL,n.ctadbttaftii^wiigthsatasaos bs«t» Ue sat-etlarfn.gs. ''Yes.'faidhe, t«fvejtarvofage Tbess'p'swinchheservedbsfo'e ,,r,, ^.-gusgeibatisspt.keconIhe|1^5»» ,'2T beoomtEg attarnec to tne 9alaa:n was thj» Uaited States t, gitse, BuMian, PUisb. sreoch, Greek, Arshw S»d l*t- frsg»t«tu.«u;at>*>a, vhicL be left while ia the port of ., ito., ebd d any gentttmaa deairas^ta ask a few^poateVk.Tt'i st, Bo laid tbe !>«ae of the aarfol crime or a«<»r«ce I thjua; I cac satisfy Bim that tt • so." One of wbxtifc*tadt«cgumjonLaptala Fieldieg.»fe*m *• iturret.JtetS.tahMeeities*aaTprs»,s«sg»lsdbjrtarfa tfecoaxed w» a head at hntcaa thane, who asttt- uuc ki>< ren cf cceo a conversation is Spanish, He held cuce<! fcim to b.ceme a prats sad taejaaraarer bitbeadecwafcrasscmeat,asiftocollectbis1 wcf In (*B rpcpsnlor:* Frcm a Kf'**"**., TM* aa**-•t««!ge,andthenIDaveryhesitatingandcisooiAttitrsiion,and Meatra Trimble, Strong aadOazxaaa GrandMasterW.MercerWilson,oftha Grand Lodgeaf eumberotvaluableplates,represeattngEgypthawere elected Trustees of the Merchants' Clerks' 8avtags Canada, wss prossste* wtth ths •so*! masaaic honors, ties, from Mr Height, and that they hoped *tn?TLresidtd in the cu> « Hjuilax at the ttme « ««• •"•*' * °watB^r statMt tbat t e bad not bees to tha SoathImrvsaagsf Tctaage Does on Tassels Fssssag Throttihject of tormiDg a Neuoaal Masonic Congress then made tbetr report recommendlcg ths formaUoa of « a North American Cocress, and that Itshould be clothed wtth aefinso snd limited powers.Hell Gate, and also upon Local Tonnage Does, said that he TOUBN retffs lis Mate*that a>e 8alad|a * - / 6" !**2J* taiktd "tea l g epsajeh" lor him ta converse freeiy, tbot-gfat t had psKcyto astsMMsl a toU gate at tne ea•TfftfKW Wltl BCEI ATOn Wadpssday morning last we published a eoofeeMou tesiwUy dtspatelfd an armed lorce, who succeeded la > by Albert W Hloks to bia keepers, which waa UieA letter was readbare recivec nfte ^ ' W ^ ^ * ^ * *tth2tS atAmt#K»c country for etghteea years, aad that areI T U *stilltatartof. bythsfromatHere-•(stfaaif^J^^^^""^"Cwa-tj H.'bcr.m tha ..at «•»»•,«••*«! *r t Jaw a bui i' we ccoJC use soeb laegtuga as MgeaersU* spekee ncerse:ttheftaatitorthewaads,tskiaf wiU,thma sa«p<t-tscrbosofOatforsiahstbouldheabletoda •argeocaatuyoisbvsr. lataBigaace st«nreachedHah Bcchbetter Bespoke enough, however, to indloatetratceof Now\stkhsxltcr, an* reported ths foltawtogthaihs«rssMr.Giants Ortvat.fromUie uommltteeonUieCadln-ttaaaj, however, be askae ssoertaisthet tbe aad ptrac} The steward and toe yovsg lad (Btcks) bar• as to hu Uv»g the vtpM men, and that team he oamc csion ot Ihe Revsnue Laws, stated that the committee would gather voiumesss time rolled It along, until, atItrawBhiak *it-p•h-y—sica*l •bea"ut«y_-ta._ ttw globe Its an*•*i toeretadlacloeed are sebetaatally true. Wbilebaaaya oa, a> anbOahad, ia not oonscuaat with tbe ,*Dm«***,hadoeanotundertaketodenythattoe .alataaaaateoaceratogthemurderofCaptainBurreg oca eaied a a d given their testimony, were pot o atheir trial Kibecq.* otij, were reprieved by the govera-meat, aad were eect b> the mercbaats of Halifax to theirhemes.Th»ystatedthe}werecompelledtojstaUrn mhathehadcmeiheard,hef*ltcntavntheyha*beamto tt*agaiarttbaissaageoftbalawiaqoeatoa. Sride,buttbetrapproaahastowardsoreroigntywerec^-osptratoifi.underthethreatofdeath totsam,buttbe yootg a.ac actsewtecged that be bad tagea fair*, u tha murotrsisvlfarat." Onrtmarktegthat,inviewofthsprotect enaeece againat him, we tonight be stood rather a earn obaaeaof escaplcg ptmtahaasnt, he replied, "It might beThememcrialwasread,andlaidtemporarilyupontha awandcsnttOBS,BaathesitasaaohosofthesataertothsThs undersigned committee beg tanas to report:—That duced tbe man with tne wooden leg (Jones) to conspire to asked bim if he baa beard the report that one of the tbe letter ot tbe President of the United States, of March tske the ship, murder the captain ax-d Huob of the crew aa bodies bad been ound. In aa instant bis manner usder- 31, ltoO, to P . Pent, Esq , President of the New Yorkleansotnavalstoresandafrigate,apreeeatt*ta*na On board the vessel was Mr rates, our new rjosswi. Tunis, w h o visited th e Bey and expressed, hi a amanwouldaot )uinthem,aadthensailtorSt.Thomuorthe w*otacharge;andwithaUseeofvoiceexrre«veofthe coast cf Africa At the time of the attack oa the officers, greatest interest, he inquired. "HowV When did FSU tbe conspirators numbered tight. They first murdered hear it," "About two weeks ago," w e replied. " O h ,"ChambercfCommerce,commentingonthsreportand resolutions of ths Chamber of Febmsry 10,1800, hag re-mens' uemu. or HB COJUUHOH.I.AlbertW H*ks.aosolematyandtrulyswearthattbe tnefirstmale,tbenthecaptain,second mate andthere saidbe,withapparentrelief,andcontinuingafterapause, ceivedtherespectfulaadcaretuiattentionduetothehighA motion was m»de to postpone the subject tadettaitory,whichwas carried hyavetoofmors than twothirds, letter, htosurprise that sevstt ktageenta,tw* thus deciding that Ihe Grand Lodge of the Stats of New uca ana aa entire continent saeaM be York is opposed to establishing a National Congress. tarv to a fellow whose whole aavalan cal-ed "c- nfesson" which appeared in the HSKAI Daad otBtr papers of Wednesday. Jues • , ia a fabrication from bee o t "-'f to end, I having had no communication or coo vet*ai-c.a with aay human beta* upon tbe charges formainder of the crew, aoout aix in all. They then "Do jo« think it ia truer" We said tt was so reported. source front which tt emsnatea.Be then became very silent; s a d tuither conversation er-dc htly beltg distasteful, we left.gave loose to txceaeire Intemperance, and became like eo many furies. In a day or tw o they mar dared Captala K-.e ding, who bad first rootled this dreadful trsgedy, asThe said report aad resolutions contemplate the perfect immunity ftom capture of all private property upon the ccean to time of war, be it vessels or cargo, and be It thevisittotheseverallodgesolthsStats,lealludedtohisEatonmsistedthatoargsfimmoatbatbeganwrest whacIexpectshortlytosufferdeath.AndthatalthoughwellasIi8youngsen,aladoffifteenyears,andthe Inspiteoftbecaxleesrjeseofmannerwhichtheprisonerpropertyofneutrals,orofsubjectsorcitizensofthebel-repsrttotbegreatkindnessoftheGrandMaster,andanothatthronlylanguagetobeemployedtothose,<u£I have bt*«. offered money repeatedly—one man saying yion« man who was reprieved admitted that be had beea assumed, be waa ucsble to conceal ths deep interest ligerents. Such property sbali oe exempted from risk of hoped tbat whoever might succeed bim would imitate bis waa tbat of defiance- The Bey's palace aadfiftytass- he'd evre me 950 I' I would giro him the particulate o( one of those who threw the lad overbeard whea trying which be felt in everything permit,mg to bis inctrcera capture er violation, whether by privateer er regular example He also stated that his work waa now success sano sued of arms were burned, and the Biy 'laaiiii myIts—thereisonlyonepersonwhowill knowall,and toflyfrombismurderers. <Krinformantconversedwitn Lionandtrial,andthefacttbatheIsunableto read,and cruiser,andlortbesakeofobtaiatag thisperfectImmu- tolly adopted inallthelodgesofthedistricts. Tbe thattheLaiedStatesshouldmakegoodonefifutofthetan who's authorized hy me to pubiUh tb e account for th e Hlcts. ani be admitted t he circumstances of his connection Is dependent lor his tofermstioa upon the gossip which nity , the report or I ebmarj 10 recommends the sot ren- retort was exceedingly lengthy. It w a s referred to a This Mr Eaton refused to ao, sn d after many ladiisnatbenefit of my wile when I die. Then it will ba aeon in tbe sflair. He Is nst positive that he went under the came to bim through bis grated cell, or upon his counsel, der ot the right of pnrateerragMr SAHCBXD.BVOOLSB,Brassths CmmlUee upon the ir.September,1869,totakeuncer coasideratiea thesubartist, about the begtanfeg of thei tothelongmissingMrecteryformi. ThsWrsstarva!name of Hicks st that time, but two of the others—John rendered htm still more anxious as to the coarse which The President o; Use United states-, while admitting theson s&d Hazeltoo—were assumed Johnson stated that will be hereafter pursued in regard to him, aad ths gene- evtiof the pressLtsystem and the blessings certain ta rewb»u in the act cf committing tbe murders be became like ral tone of public sentiment wh cb prevails concerning bis tn t from the contemp.atea change, nevertheless main- I/cre No. 837, to relation to their suspension on tne 19(0, demanded tribute equal to that paid Ike Bay afamaddtted tiger, butafter comingtohimself hswaa tela]andItsresult. Hewasdesirousthatthetrialahouldlamsthatthatteepropositiontoaooiish waragainstp-i groundcf Illegallyconferring thesecond anlthirdde- Algiers,andthreatenedwartt htodemandwss rifatu rate property should not Oe seriously considered unices grees upon a gentlemen of this city (Mayor Wood), was asserting that he baa been paid for making the peace 1st combinedwithaprcpoeiuoDtosecuretomeroaaatvesselstend,andreferredtotheCommitteeoaGrievances. badbeeapawnothingforkeepingit.ConsulO'lrat a perfect immunity from blockade.overwhelmed with grief, and had no desire to escape or tske place at the earliest moment possible, and expressed JoaacM,causedintenseexcitement,aswesaidbefore,uve.Hickshimselfstatedthat,wbeaoneoftheSaladla'aumdrubttd(onfldenceinkitacquittal'lie srx cisi committee to whom was referred toe ad- icuno no more favor at ths Court of Algiers, and la 9avthreaghout the city. All torts of rumors were afloat crew, lo attempting to escape from the murderers, threwdur\i ? the day respecting the condemned and the object himself over tbe bows of tbe ship, sad, while hanging byhe bad m -new in mtk og the startlingdisclosures aire* iy bis bases, the murderers pureued him, aad with an axs Soon after tbe publication of the facti of tba above In- tin Preskii i'. e snd tbeir proposition; aad thsy cannotdrees of the Grand Master, reoo nmeaded the reference tember, 1800, th* Dey seized the United States traaamrt of various points to appropriate committees. That por- Wsahtegtea, per ferae, end ased tt for hta esrs pwticnrelatingtotheGrandLodgeofHamburgtotheCom- poses. In relattOB te this aflair the gevsra mitteeonForeignCorrespondence. Therepcrtwaa meatwrotetoConsulEaton,thatatsootetutorstimetasalludedtoBorne additional facts hare leaked out relative to thetragedy oa board the E A Johnson, but no further ad-cuteffhishands,andthepoormandroppedlawthesea. terview,aaAmericanofficer,whobadservedtatheMexi- buthopetbattheeffortstoliberatecommerce from ioja- Peibapsbelearnedtoismurderousleesoaaafarbackas riousrestraintsmaybesuccessfulalsotoobtainiagthe fourteen years. It wss considered at Ihe time that aot can campaign, wrote at a .brief note, rectifying some of treefcm from blockade; but II Ihe latter be unattainable, only tbe young man Hicks, but tbe others, (several of ths statements made by Hicks to reference to the nature shall we, tor that reesoa, cease to advocate the immunity whem sppeared to be, from testimony, very quiet men,) and extent of the battles to which be said be had fought. ol rnvale property upon the ocean*adopted, wh«a, o a motion o t R . W. Robert Macoy.the election of grand officers was made the •pecitl order for Thursday morning, at ten o'clock.Tbe Committee on Foreign Correspondence presented Uteir report aad auomitted tne following resolutions —indignity must be resented, ant attostthe despatches g our consols produced their proper result ta ths nuada « our people, aad Commodore Date, with three frigates,en sent out to tne Barbery coast, but carried wtth teas many thousand dr-Uars sa tribute if those States had sa•LiattofiS were made by Hicks himself The prisoner's were seduced into tbc?e areadful acts by Capt Fielding, The officer did cot deny the fact that these battles bad This query leads to another: Will Mockaxtea becomewho bad joined tbe ship at Valparaiso, with this object iaview. ItHicks wasreally oneof theBalaam'screw,tne conclusion armed at is that the sympathy shown himwas mmplaced, and that be only then escaped tbe penal-ties of law and justice at that time to clcse his life at this Hicks' memory wss net very retentive.one of tbe ifclsxds in our harbor.City Intelltgemce*DSITH OF ANOTitwi OK TIT* CENTKAI PABK SW A.N8.—An-other of the Central Park swans died on Wednesday even- ing,makingeightinallthatarenowgone. Tbebodyof paWaned to the world at least a week ago. Kv ir since that the di fperate and iniquitous ataasain had successfully the latter bird was taken to Dr. Doremus for chemical etlectedbisescape Itisneedlessforustodescribe,ifwa analysis,makingtwathathehasnowunderinvesigatian. could,theexcitemeatandagitationthatprevailed.Crowds Theresultoftheexaminationwillbemadeknowntoa or people collected at the Battery, and inquiries of all day or two. If proper care be taken with ths survivingwhich be has. inceei-antly kept us supplied with the earli- estintelligenceo?whatwastranspiring tn Germanyre iatirg to our interests.June, 1801, tbe Bey having already declared war. At at firstearouxter betwe*n the United States ship Eaterstat andaTripotitanpclaccaship,withthefines*oftheirstitri oa board, the former gained a briUtant victory Taj •hip was dismantled and sent to the Bey wtthttw a n sage tbat Una waa tbe cn?y tribute he wonM era- receive from our country (applause.) The Bey txaam the commander ot htodefeatedvassaltoseekaschooner Telegraph, between Sandy Hook aad Cony blindlonger Accordingly, oa Monday morning, when the Point On boarding tbe vessel tbey found nu- be added to the pond—that is U we are not mistaken ladition of ths lodges ot the State, and plainly show tbatKc^er visited bim, for the purposeof unlocking the inner merous evidences that a muderous struggle had takeadoor of his ceil, bo intimated a desire to talk wlLi him place on board, tbe deck belegcovered with blood, while "countingour chickens (or rather cygnets) before theyThe importance cf the subject uncer coosideraiion offersample excuse for a more extended review: hot the comnvittee trust to have said enough tojustify them in recem- sga'nrt them in tbe past. There to new 482 working tbe PbiladeipLia he aestrovet. snd ths expedtoot sn meodixg tbe adoption of a resolution to the effect—Tbat lodges in tbe S ate, with a membership of upwards of placed under the command of Lieuieannt (afterearn tbetbsnkscftheChamberbepreeeaedtothePresident 36etc—aaincrea.seofabout20,0C0tothelasttenyears Ccmmcdore)Decatur Thereadergaveademftattatare hatched."inteveral places there were o*posits of slime and gore, s h e w i n g t h a t s o m e b l e e d i n g c a r e a s s h a d b e e n t r a i l e d a l o n g the deck aad thrown overboard. The cabin presented a stiil more horrible appearance than the deck, the floor,detail the scenes which transpired en botrd the blood. TheE.A.Johnsonarrived here ateighto'clock definite waadeterminedupon andnomeeting was bold. consider tbe propriety of assisting in bringingittoa Fxpeaolturesapoathe»abjectofthesloopmurders. Hickshadspenta a a a e s a y n i g h t , a n d w h e n m o r n i n g c a m e h e W* B g l a i ,C S N T K A L P I K K C O M M B W O M ' R S . — A m e e t i n g o f t h i swas to have takea place yesterday, at the office, 302 Broadhe said, ta hare an opportunity to unbarthen his mindlo ti»e first person he met He then proceeded to furnitureandotherarticlesbeing entirelysaturated with way,hutowingtotbetodlspoaitlanotMr.Capp,nothing re.snmeIhenegotiation on this great question,aadmayasenotmentottheyear,is930,72109 andDecaturandhtocrewescaped. Ostoe3d of Asm 21,70999 thetownwssattacked,andeathe4th of SepteabwtaHICKS' H1STAKXN DATA.The Committee fully »pprccmie tbe difference- betweeamore das^ereus and hurtful u private property upon the rr.f.1:seasbeexemptedHorncaiturv,than taeywouldbe whve private property remains Uame to capture? For the better understanding ot their VM<WB, the commit tee must be permitted to suppose an extremeHickaistobehangedonFriday,the13thofJuly,on case, fcwppcsing, then, tha ccuatry togetinto war with Franco cr Englaao, or both. They wouldon tbe morning of the 22d March, and was moored in Ful- Our reporter, however, learned tbat toe Ooaamlasioners' eatlsfactorv issue b y th e approaching Congress of theIntrepid was loaded wtth combustible* and seat to set In totheenemy'sMeet,aadsuddenly Mewup,whether»< accident or design tt to Impossible to sap. The Tata taredaobetter inhandtohandconflictswith usteata theiraavalengtgements, and Europe wasasSaaashsla the boldness, earing aad chivalry of a Batten hardlyy* known. The aketch of this war would betaosasptohfbe land expetlUua enter General Eaton was not BSttsi King stated that he had a communication from R. W General Eaton beaded an expoditiaa to place the bretavE.AJohnsononthefatalnight,anddescribedtheman tonmarketslip,whereshewaiimmediatelytakenposses- reportinregardtotheassessment andappraisementof •or te which tbe aaaaaainstuns were p:roetrated a>me tion of by the police, Tbe Coroner a deputies took notes the twelve plots of grsund to the Park, aad which iswhataltertbefollowingmeaner— ofeverythingtheyfoundinthecabin,amongwhichwere lookedlorwardtowithsomuchinterest,wi'iheprepared "IM affair occurred," aara Hicks about half-past foundaslatewithafewlines written oa It,evidentlyia betweenthisandtbefirstproximo.EuropeanPowers.LEOPOLDBtERWITH, HENRY K. BOGERT,P. PERIT,ROBERTB MINTURN, CHARLES H MARSHALL>998774alne or lea o'clock at Bight, wntle Captain Birr aad one the bandwriting of tbe murdered eaptaia, and showinga A DBPUTATIOS ot BOSTON' AIUKRMKS a nmOrtT.—Onof the Waits boys were asleep in the caom. I was steer- yearning and aiiectionete regard for hat wife,torwhom it Wednesday evening a deputation of six of the Boston Mr. KCVAL PHKJw submitted a minority report, which Rooms at an early hour. It was evident from the can-conduced with the following resolution. which was moved ing st the boas, and the other Watts wss on the look out waa evidently intended. Aldermen—namely, Messrs. S. D. Crane, Clement Willis, ana seconded—at the bows. Beddealy the devil took possession of ma, F, D. Stedman, Justin .tones, Ota Clapp and Jaaaes Slado—and I determined lo murder the captain and crew that TBI LAST LETTER OP CAPT. BFRK TO HIS WIFE. arrived in thai city on a mission of inquiry. It appears Tbe undersigned, a minority of tbe committee w whomvasstog going on that aa unusual interest waa felt la theNxw YOBK, June 7,1860. ver~ night. Creeping forward softly, I stole upon the As everything connected with this mysterious aad tbe municipal signify of the modern Athens has become was referred the letter from tbe I*reskient or the Unitedresult Before the commencement tbe R. W. Finlsy M.boy, at ta* bows, sad with one blow snocked him sense- less. I be.leve be died in a few minutes after I struck turn. The noise attracted the attention of the other Watts, who jumped out of bed, aad came up tha companionmoody aflair mast prove to be of public Interest, we re- publish an extract from the last letter of Captain Burr, in which he speaks of Wm. Johnson as a helmsman, writsomewhat alarmed at the gigantic progress of Gotham States to the President of this Chamber, dated March 31, towards providing decent breathing places for its citizens, 1800, respectfully report;—That in their opinion the furtherBrother Chancellor Walworth, asking the representsives from tbe several counties of the State to present thef the reigning Bey upon the throne, ana, althoughasntlreiy succeesiul, this aided In forcing ths Bey toaabipeace, and tor tbe first time Tripoli dlsowaed ber piraiaslb o d yTbe receipts of tb e Grand Lodge for the year ending May 81, including a balance of 91,311 a , at the comv i v i d d e s c r t p t i o c o f t h t o s a e m a r a b l e a n d g a l l a a t e x p t a tion. and was interrupted by frequent and hearty anpnun In ten minutes the Pniladelphia was captured aad Irai,of the United States for h is valuable letter, with the ex- pression of toe hope that the government may see fit toandtheabovedepatatlonhasbeendespatchedtothis discussionofihissubjectwithourgovernmentbyths nameofsomeladytoeachoftbeircountieswhoshould prscttoes,andthsPopetosaidtehavearrtolise*tencity to view the wonders of our Central Park, and, if p o s Chamber or Commerce or this city i s not desirable, and America had done more for the cause of humanity tbat siwaytoseewhatwasthematter.JustatthatmomentIteatohitwife,fromConeyIsland,previoustothsde-sibie,totransplantthemtoBoston.Thedeputation,itiatheythereforerecommendthatthesaidletteroftheactascountyTreasureroftheLadles'WashingtonNa Christendom.TenyearslaterCommodoreDecs*Mr.LowUMvedtbeappointmentofa committeeoffif-very much used u> sailing a boat by the wind to steer at headquarters, and tbe sergeant in charge of the office teea to receive the Japanese Embassy, and the President sons were plared to nomination for the otlice of M. W. wai; unanimously adopted. The Society then adjssraalfast We often get In company with vessels that are stoutly oecltoed giving aay cf the particulars. As thisis appointed the following gentlemen;—.lobn Green, G. Gria Grand Master. The second ballot resulted to the election to tbe evening of the 19th Inst., Mr. Bancroft preneaw smart, when it requires s nice helmsman; then it re strictly tn violation ot the rules of the department, It is to wold, W. F Cary, W. H Aspmwall, Robert B. Mintojrn, ot tkc present Deputy Grand Master, John W, Simons. calling attention to a communication from Mr Saiassary,quires my skill more. Smith is a good helmsman close be hoped that if the eergeants can withhold news from Charles H. Marshall, Joseph Peabody, J. G. Stop, .1 D. The lodge tben took a recess until three P. Menclosing copies of s general appeal to the city aad osass; of York, m England, to support tbe plantation af Ttrk, In Maine, under Capt Lsarttt, a record ef whose vsytgi alongthsNewEnglandcoastistothelibraryeftatit is aot probable that aay of the bodies will ever be re by the wind. Idon't thina Oliver is quite so good. I tbe press they are in duty bound to report to bead- Jones, A. Neilson, J. A Stevens, Richard lathers, J. D.AFTERNOON PROCEEDINGS. 1?TheGrandLodgeconvenedatthreeP.M.sndproceededoorered. While I was oa hoard the sloop the devil was alwa;sbymysidesadsustained me,butsinceIhave beea Sucked up here be has deserted m e, and 1 feel bad "will wri.e the first chance after we get in Virginia. Should wehaveachancewearegoingtoPionkatonktoBeeifwe can get a load there. That is about five milee short or tbe Rappahannock river. Selan knows wnere it is. Ihave nothing moreatpresent. Wouldlike toseeyou very much. You aiiectionate husband, ever,quarters the Ciitits performed by the members of their iorce.P. Ogcen. David Oiipbant, George Opdyke, F. A. Conkiiag andE.EMorgan.Whenaskedbythekeeperifthereportsabouthisbeingconcerted in the murders oa board the ship Ssladin weretruet.igareaaevasivekindofanswerbysayingthat he baa bean in a good many s< rapes before, aad theo/e'er sloop murders were not the first ones he wasprivy to. He aamitted that his lite waa oae scene of name as that of one of the criminals who was tried and torn the moment he touched the water. A few minutes constitutional, ana injurious to the commerce of the At the reassembling of the Lodge in the evening they monthly meeting last evening, at room No. 19 Gosper IiTbeI'sssiDBBTstated that tbecommittee appelate!it cocfer with the trustee1of the Cooper Iaatttote la rsf« recce to baring a course of lectures on Sanitary Hygns* were Drs. Batchelor, Post snd Criseom.G110.H.Bl'RR.It is a rem.tikable fact that Hicks now bears the same the unfortunate man, but in vain, as he sank to the hot provement of tbe pa.•» a Voutre of the Mississippi, is un- I edge adjourned until half past seven P. M.SewTorkSanitary Asaorintlea.Tbe New York Sanitary Association held tbeir rsrtdarOn the 9th of April two of our reporters paid a length- te coolly walked towards the end of the pier and precipi was lest. a large number ol delegates present each ballot occupied ened visit to the Tombs, for the purpose generally of wit tated himself into the water. The body bus not yet been Mr. BrxRWiRTH offered a resolution calling for a com- upwards oi an hour. On the tirst ballot for Grand Mas-nessisg the working of the institution, and particularly of recovered. mittee to inquire why bills of health are required from seeing scd conversing with Hicks. His cell was upon the parts in the north of Europe. Referred to the Quarantineter there wss twelve hundred and forty.five votes eastsjrThe only controversy worthy of note upon the officersyettobeDominatedtothatottheGrasaSecretary,thecontest being betisben the present Grand Secretary,James W. Austin and R W . Daniel Sickles, wtth the every person's chance of life was twenty six years, est chances to faror of tbe former As this officer has a salary with us, tn this sge of progress tn medical eaeace. II wetgroundDoor,onlyafewstepsfromthedeskoftheofficer KOCMIDKOWNM.—Tbebodyofanunknownman,about committee.Gen. PBot.Ti« M. Wrraoer made a few remarks, it v Uch be ailoded te the i«ct that, taking the world's rat.*.who has this department of the prison in charge; and. fifty years of age, waa found floating in tbe water at theTbe salary of the clerk was raised to twenty-five dol- lars per month; a committee w s s appointed to attend tbe Quarantine Cosvention at Boston, and, after tbeThis was eerecially evident in ots reply ta tome qiesttoaa new Ninth regiment, celebrate their taenty-aeventh an oorcern'Dg his fern er mole of life. He said that he had nivei*ary on the i&th lust , by an excursion to Langng urgeo by the latter in support of a continuance ot ine depreaatiocs. Ihe young maa liEtecea to the arch leoipier, and said bo would think of tne proposiiloa, but hac » gtiod honest boy as he is, went home at nu^hi to cis • looweo mother anu tola lur the whole story, fhe emthe anticipated construction that the Court of Sessions might put upon the law, tt would be their duty to hoda bin agan.st any person WHOviolated the provisions or the statute.P Lane—TUB prisoners were flrst and second aaates»5 the bark Arna, of New York, and are charged wrU ih» avircers of six colored seamen on board tprobably j.t»st.d though adventurea of travel which lew men la this or any otner coiintry»cocid b'jast of having expeiieaced, and that if they could be emaodied in aBranch, accampasiect by l'oda-orth's Band, in their newi miof m. Among the inv'ted guests we are pleated to seethe names ot Ctr.era! Wmlieid Scott, Governor Morgan,volume tbey would make one of toe most interesting Adjutant General lowceenci aad many ether prominent ployer waa tent for and informed of wbat bad ocourreidworks ever published in America. Our reiiorterssng men, wne niil, no doubt, accept tbe hospitalities of this prated ihe propriety of his giving his experience to tbe crark corps cf gentlemen The company and guests willIn conclusion, his Honor called their attention ta a wbea on the voyage from Leguaa te Cowes They were •uu by him tbe facts were communioatad to Mr Hoi' recent law to prevent the sale of fraudulent pw**ge sent to New York from England under the extradite)*Hicks seems to hare a singular :ore for mcaev, audarea now, with the sentence of aeath banging over bim,tha avaricious spirit is as strong as ever. w*b«a Barau n P' bile In this thspe. He replied that he would be passed over the new Raman aad Delaware Company'sorook w h o at cu je gave young Snow airectioos how to tickets, observing that for a number of years ontreaty last winter. Hires Si indicted for tbe murder, syjhave tbe cjrortiinity of dclogVometUIng for tbe comfort will exert bimteif to properly entertain the companv. •lay.wten he accidentally met Ccx in tne street and selling them tickets ostensibly lor some particular steamof hb wile. We HEktd what value be put upon his "Life. ' This ma consider able change Irom the programme first •onstnted. by inatructiooa of the agent, to meet him at er, wben it turned out that ihe tickoia were worsjiees orpal to one of the indictmentsApplication was made on the part of the prisoa?n fer spostponement.Mr Dwight opposed tbe motion for Oiey. on lb* gr»iS<tbat there was antoxUctrm-ntagnmbi Capt TjihWta* prisoners' wltaete) as aa aeceseorv to th« morder 0. »s* of tb#> seamcD. Counse! read frost the Iondoe Tmn tasHe said that fcr ten dollars he would give any one acopted, wnich was to include the manning of Fort •tie Post i nice yesterday moramg. they were both on elae tbey were for a sailing vessel If the Grand Jurya!* the details from his childboor, to the present hour, Hamilton and the exercise of the guns there, on the 14th uanu ut the optnlng of int office, »nd so was the watchful had such cases brought bwore them, and to the event of and piomite them a recital taat would astonish the world. Inst (ihe irue anniversary of the City Guard), by express .{uarditn of the mails. The email trunx in. whien tho their finding maiaimeuis, the Coart would send the robbersand tbieves.no mniter what their politics were, to Fursuirg this come of inquiry, they ssked him how permission of ihe War Department; but owing to the i tu rs are put waa purposely left unlocked for this occv the State prifon for the longest period.extersvely be bad travelled, and how his life had beea t arade ordered for that nay ia honor of the lapanere door aeegbbor, Sbepperd, ana fearing that eome mischief hitherto spent. He tepiiad that he "bad been gotni; ever lmtasty, tfcis drill has beea poatponedMon, the citoovery oi Which tact seemed to dniurutCox «ery much. *on gong rrom tbe Poet Office, bo'h went up Broadway1homes Harrison was tried snd convicted of grand lar- testlttony of Capt Tutbilt, going to she* that oa at e*weald' grow oat of the acquaintanceship, may removed(luce be waa a boy,'* that he was cow forty two years ofc ny. bavin;.' atoleu.on the 12th of April, 9 i 8 worth ofalcohol and £29 worth of coal oil from the premises ofFrederics: A.Yetmie. 319Hicks street, Brooklyn. Tooprisoner and two men, named David rypham aad JohnDrieooil.wboweredisposedofbyJudgeRossellatthelast term, were arrested in this city. Harrison was sent that overy mdlvilual had a fair trial aad jast.ee•*" to the State prison for tour years.sge, andfcrthelot!tamrvpearshadfoiiowtHthehf* u< a of conversing with taat other ta a <*ilir. dtrrrvf which hwnf he had vtntd nearly nJ ih-rtRK is BKoai.wAY.—Abtut twelve o clock on iVednes •laynight aOreoccurred In theInternational ArtIosti-aminauon before the authorities ia Soutaaaiptea, 'H laud,beknewnothingaboutiheaffair.to another cell. They were in the dram pipe wh>sh runs aJosgM I y bV^eel „L*~ . ^ ,,•calk, aadit• supposed matall tba other prl- was his coastaat companion. He remarked that he was .;*•:} companies. ' and oato*way to the Post urnos, wants he was searlheathanftthaas theyareJaiigesmallersaiditwasthsdutyofthsCortww him;a^jtnatjo*»i-«beadssiBlsteredsoeedt-y*-J^*> precautionary measure. iwi.oIsreservedaadhisceildooris ithe eaeJsaore talkingtoa tfi'.g,-,Athadthere,<~r.6ur.ured,«*••»•<;ffnsclftap?amd ?£•.^7^.'^»*M*»TM^atimefrompabbcFrederic*.Kohenpleadedgutttytoobtaining960by falsepretencesfromJohnSettig,onthe28thofDecember.Wften U xocvmtrie$ cj -.v'/ rV He stated tbat there wa* barJIv m. wr. No. t64 Broadway, t t the time the fire was di«- .naive law building on the corner would be a capital• inchofgrc-ECaCaUfbrsiiwhichbebadnottravelled •«<.»*'edMr.WilhamAdfermaon,DirectoroftheInetltite, K £ .S?"1""mMl'"eo08**1*.* I**instance,•wOtated that the ex- over, either cc feet or horseback, but (AottkrvvgA M (A<- aa; several friends, were Inan adjoming room. The fire, of some seventy or eighty letters; ana into thts buildingEx Judge Be9ba, ter tne pri-ocers, objectei te tb» reat ing of new,-paper rerrwts in a case of lite aad deett. JS»,cpe ed, waa caused by tbe wind blowing a muslin/*(&«:«.,-he"?-:.t-5c<ttheffoltdutffJtaau•/G*dwuupon •.-a-.intotbegaslight. SeverallargeiiamtiDgswere view,anufromthegazeoftheirvigilantpursuer. Wuenlam,'*estdhehademaptuiMscjfsed. Thisremark,how vi'a'r Ostroyed.BBoothersmoreorlesstajurec.The toeyleeppearedinBroadway.after anaaaanaaofnaeiZia aingt! s a versa or ever. scarab- tatika with his late confer*ion that the devil :^a^€>will amount to about $&jm, insures tor $40,000 titWn mmotes, Mr. Cbx was ia cusiod? o T ^ H ^ ^ He wss sent to Biaccweb's Island tor one yearnooe'aytb*tIFnotcec«^aarysh«3?dbegrsai - J-•*" t.rdtotbrvalue or testieasoyp^bttshea ist.e V*?- be wc-uldea) that the newspaper preas had races-»• nx-ans of giving rfc* procec^mga ot the csurv v *Vmaraerer maybe asm ta tba Mcxtrta war, hatittg served in Company B, uePawtek Daly waa convicted of an aaaaalt and battery oaJacob & Grass, committed in na Eighth areaue ear, at terstvely, and w*re to h« t«*»i sa; axtotakf- **»***J the corner of Canal street and Broadway. TusdlmcuUy occurred, but to the maw ttte rspens were sseee jyfj**; tookplaceisrelationtotbeposaeestonofaseatlatbacar. aad perhaps saore rei»bto. thaa exparte •ni»r" TheCourtsaidthatasthecomplainantwasknowntobesubmittedtotbecourtsHswouldgrantthnsee-cea** agreatfighter,hewouldtnethe«*fnr*r,s*99,smtohwas fordelay, seaategtv sheacensedtnefs9benefit* »• promptly handed oyer to the C*rk, and Italy went form testimoay taat they retted on. _CcAo-van's Iavtrssi—Coroner Murphy held aa inquest ata eleven a the stolen letters founa upon his peraonT A part ot his explanation was meet amusing Hesaiahobaa « Saturday morafvg, onthebody ofa nunby tha teensuspectingtheboylorsometimeVandbetagarriend r.ar.cofPatrickWaldos,whowasfounddeadat *"1ZL£**M •°*°*°«»»er««»toedtotryhimandseitt strM hs caarvc&n2#if or "me «f the hvd .lisresidence,to North First street A short time be Siy^f •»*'"-""*• ofU» letters,which hebadin-ever killed a man to his knowledge. Be taut he "d*i»'I and in a few hours died. The jury found a verdict of d-aaned, until be heard the boy's awry before Uattad hehad,t*Xaehadfoamedawayatajearfmany." deathfromapoplexy,superinducedbyhabitualdrunken- states Commiaswher Belts,who held himtartrialaadaa*Brit»hsbipSakvdm,mwhichHashalataafatadta(kmtkmoamdKeatcsmtandtlamhurrtredAnerivam .v\*^*•ttm*"•0ftD*-Hsrrananttrsr/Ignorantofafreeman. ?Jhare henstw> MITIKTOathe 9 N of July, 1MB, a BBtnbar afput.r»atheir trialat HaWnx,N.S.,farthetripleof piracy robbery asm asuraar. Tha Balaam sailed from tbeportafValparaiso,wahafaryvaluablecargoaada U*g» r:m of money ta stiver. Thathe United Atcts m Ed. Mile* (aslarstf) •-**u *'*f 8KC0ND PART. to charges with mutia7 oa board the ship Smtieom**.Baad Cotoael Burden mast tat remarked thatailbe ooold-~ ascavalry.P 7 STLSThe > ^ ^ ; S Be'b^.^ beta hit,SwarVaaaTiaVtsh^ - ^ » « 5 T"lother ricstayibttt,-**ATBMITSD Scicroa.—Yesterday afternoon as theStateseonsignea cim to the Tombs.MoSAn— e.rowB u p rogues mast be careful how they treat themselvestof*"aw^uvw H*^n W^^SHIUUWW IUFJterm af the Court test month when an bsanenss amountof criminal businesswas disposedof,he boVtaaeeoadooavastea. bet reeeaamec^ad a* mercy sperior Camrt—Pnrt S««-»w-thdand steamboat Sylph was on her six ©clock trip from boys.thiscity,aPOBB*woman,aameunknown,aboutfortyZ0!Z£ ttJ*tSomtat a****** oa the third door of tbeyears of sge, after divesting betself of hati saanaUa, lamped overboard. The steamboat Richard StocktonrfJ?*?BCf J«****y- howawer.whieh was the eoerK PART r.%sr. livieg, has beea sentenced, at the present term of tbe Sa ttenof ayouag man named Jsa. F . Flare**, wha serae- Before Hea. Jadge Meacrtef.The delegatesto the Chicago Masonic CoBrsnUM.hsil enters, ptuated at Washtegton by aThaBW.RobertD.Holmes,trustedthereportwouldfceoived, That theChamber ofCommerce of Now belaidonthetabU. Itwaswisstasank nanuaprecentod paringtonEngfttfsasrs relating toS s f w s/spirto" circumtlatce, and tbe 6TM"*"*! tbat to tcce extent at Hast he was acquainted with the York ea'ceetv remoestrata agatast aay actton hy Q»a- ia saanonlc history. He should like to have aay one of history of this coenlry,hodlaidh>mthotofrtodj,ffcere»IT<dcubutncertam qvmtmtobttrud UwowM be prvemthat he tcsu far amy from bad eiamfced tbe team at present before Congress, aid test, tt would become s tarssny and sn absolute powertoe K>a« </ the muraer atthetime it vol comwiss-ed Be ii* ca the ssaso sa snjsctionahls that tney pre No tyrant ever usurpsa place and power at a ttogta raidth'.yhad«'poitheviongman,andthatalremdv,fnm paredamemortaltosendtoCongress,rtntoastrat-to Brother Yon Mensch,our representative near the Grand1 ocge cf Saxony, lor the determined and fearless maonerin which be has advocated our rights of jurisdi Aiua betoretbatGrandlodge,aadthroughtt,beforetheGratr* sooner.(ommodoreDaleappearedoftluatosadTriposw Lodges of Europe, as well as for tbe faithful manner tatbe fraternity have fully overcome tbe prejudice raisedAmountoverdrawniTHIRli DAY'S PB0OTBDING8.Electionofofficershavingbeenmadethespecial order for yesterday morning, the delegates gathered at ApolloThe memorial presented by Mr. Opdyke, and laid on to ballot for Deputy Grand Master. R. W.|Fmtay M. King todety.A very large and select audience was presentSTHTOK OF AN USKSOWTK MAV HY DKOWXIM..—OnWednesdayntgbtamanaboutthirtyyearsof sgedeliberately committed tu'eide at the foot of Tenth street, East pending in the Senate, giving the assent of Congress to votes cast, 610 votes. R. W. Clinton W . Page was then river,bywalkingoffthepier. Effortsweremadetosave tbelevyingoftonnsgedutiesonshipping,fortheim-nominatedforSeniorGrandWarden,whereuponthethe table, was taken up ana aao^iea. was nominated on the first ballot, receiving, out of 1 OSJ Mr NKILSO.Nofferedaresolution declaringtbatthe billbefore he committed suicide deceased w s s observed t o I'mtc-a States.-entenced to death for the murders on board th-> Saladin. take oil his coat and hat, and tie a handkerchief around Mr. Morey 's resolution, to expend one hundred dollars pro reeded to ballot for Junior Grand Warden, a n d b a d sUtuteblcotthed and violence, but never evinced any sorrowtor h'a misceeds further than telling the keeyar thai h efeltverybei,aadwished thatsomething couldbedoneto ft heve him. th e keeper Hen advised him to aeekc m e n o a t tbe baaoaof Father Duracgrett and theSitters or Mercy, who a n unremitting in their attentionsto !»«• culprit, bo* Hicka teemed to think that prayer andrep. stance would not add much to his comfort. Whenever the keeper sought to cross question the prisoner oreranvji a retire to Know more than Hicks intended todivulge, the tatter would manifest hat aiapleasure byowtartcgaadrefusingtoanswerthequestionsputtohitn.Tb« C3ac«f&n*d pretended to know something abouttbe Kudcra tragedy, but his statement bore tbe conversation, effectually debars the insertion through orowced. ' Deceased was aacut five feet sevan inches in am x o of falsehood apoa Ha very face, be said that, el- its uiterattcts ot anything with which the occupant could height, and judging from his apparoi he appeared to havethtt.g^ he waa cot on botrd the Kudora at the time of the do himte'if bodily barm <>n arriving at the cell bete a laborer. mui'U r, still he knew a man who was, and taat man was they found the prisoner sitting upon the edge u«L e» iHrwci.iMM. COMMISSION —The new Cosnmiasloners not tne negro Wilson It will be recollected that there of his bed, eijoying the fumes of a aegar, and Vteja0Ktou>i*iINTERVIEW WITH H1CK8 ATTHETOMBS. biabead. Havingthusdivestedhimself of bisclothing, fordraalegapianof an observatoryupon thebattery, not,atalatehour, madeanominatlaa, there beingsuchunlike tome or the other cells, the door was coveredwishacloselywovenwirenet,which,whileallowinga CoronerJackmanheldaninquestuponthebodyofde nominationofnewmembers,theBoardadjourned. ot$2,060perannum,ittoaprizeworthcompetingfor. onlyeighteen. TheCityInspectorhadmadeoverbitoea'oot of Twelfth street, East river, yesterday morning. free circulation of air, and an opportunity of unrestrained ceasea, when the .i\;ry rendered a verdict of "Foundsignature the statement that the increase of mortality far tbe first tour months of thl« yearjover tbe corraspsansc mcetre of tost year, was two thousand. *Mr. BuuDir read a paper giving etttattes in refereeot to the brown stone boiietogs tn Park street. Sixthwars The lot Beasuree 4* feet by 91; to the front bouse than are 60 families, ta the rear 93.wt i- cttly ifcree persons on board, ot the scnooaer at tbe apparently in deep reflection He was attired in tne same baw^Celected a building en Fourth avenue for their the Post Office special agent, J. Holbrook, to stealing and tin:-•- Captain Palmer, the mate, to old friend of his, and garments ia which he wss arrested, excepting a coat- . u*«. It has been approved by ihe Commissioners on rifling letters arriving at the city Pest Office by mall.the Ltgro Wilson. Tbe captain aad tbe mate were mur namely, heary brows pants, red shirt sad \eet; and a ^Ktpaits ana iet.pphes of the Corporation, and will scan be It appears that tor corns time past Evans h Ca. haveOr. Oanaurx, Professor in the Lew Oeparuasat af 'ollowing gentlemen having beea sworn to uncharge the Columbia College, waa introduced by Dr. Griscoov *Moeiec, so that the murder could not ht\*e been rommitted by as,, r«e on board bat Wilms. Hicks evidently wants tbe puVnc U> be'ieve that he baa been mixod up in more •criers than he realty has, for tbe take of notwiotv, and takee advartaaa o* the mystery attending the Kudjra murders la mate a fresh sanestinnPRISON ntCTJMWTS.Ever #ince his iacarosiatiaa Hkis has contemplated snaking his escape, either by hook or by crook. He iawell bearded lace ehowed mat u had been a stranger to a been complaining to the Pest Office authorities of irregu- razor for «• veral weeks Bis attention being called by eogagfd lor tbe purpose. The Supsrintonaent,the officer, he came briskly forward, ana expressed his vir t t i;l;ps has appointee W. L. Casein as bis clerk. Mr. larity and failures in the receipt of money letters from pleasure at the visit with which he had be a favored. I'citlipe says the law ucee not allow him suffiatont clerical carresponoents in various parts of the Union. The factduties or the Grand itqueet .—Homer Franklin, For man, Charles Davis,Albert L Eastman, W m H. Height, Wear D. Poisons, Jas. M Raymond. Benjamin D Broaa Edward H Fletcher, Richard J. Smith, Louis Scuaaer,John C. Tucker. Ellas Dexter.made some eloquent and learned remarks o s Ihe satjeet of sanitary reform. At the ccnclusion oftaSrsmarks ute thanks of the society were voted him, s a d s resaisne* sdopted that the Professor be requested ID eatbodf ux result of bts investigations on toe tub.ect ta aa addran. to be delivered st Lua coareaience.Dr. GaiHcon then presented the report of the IegtotoBve Committee on the act concerning tbe public beeiie Tat doctor stated that there were l.WO copies of tne rsetrt punted, and the society voted tbat these be retaiaeiIf him, to be used for the soctety at hit discretioaAfter some diBCurskw rotative to tbe delegation free tbe society to the Sanitary Conventier,, to be he.-i ta to* ton on tbe 19th inat., the soctety adjourned te meet tat first Thursday to September.United States Clrratt Cosrl.Before Hon. J., ige SmaHey.He said be was glad at all timea to receive the calls of help to keep his books to systematic order.that the firm had takes the precaution to have their let ten conveyed between the Post Otlice ana the store in a locked box, keys being kept only at the store and Post Office, teemed to render tt almost certain that the robbe- ries were chargeable to tbe l'oat Office employ, s. TheDavid Btacu,Isaac C. Kendall, Lansing C Moore, Joon S. Martin, Coarles Snith?oc, David Tappen, Tbos 8. yssordea, Charles G Abort,,gentlemen, because it relieved the monotony of his con-DEt-ment. and ailorded him an opportunity of learningwhat waa going oa in tbe outside world, which heFor the convenience of the Inspectors the city has been aivicro into eight districts—Bis ot these bemg below and two above Fifty-second streel—and one Inspector has been artlgaea to each district No. 231coulu not otberwiee do, from the tact that he was unableto reid the newspapers of tne day. "Time," ne said, Broadaay is the only building which has beea examined"hurg beavv en his hands, but between tha segara arc i vt.area cangero^s sn l unsafe in the formal mannertempt to overpower the keepers he will receive a warm which Mr barium hac le!'. bim when he took a plaster prescribed by law. From casual examination, the Inepec l>lan8 of the special agent were, therefore, mainly con Charles DeUmger.carefully watched, however, aad «houtd h e mako any atreception. While conversing with Mr. Sdttsn, the gentle, manly warden o f t h e prison, about a week ag>, he in quired if all the keopera were armed with pistois, and on reoetrjg a reply in tbe affirmative be looked a little crestta!ten,aedchangedtbetopic bycare'ea.tyremark mg taat tbey would never have aay oecastoa to tire uoon him With all the prisoner's bravado, be Win arrant eowarl at heart, and lean to meet his approaching ezecu- tna more keenly, perhaps, than any woman would. I ke tbe t i Etc WUbcn, ha assumes an air ot bravery and c«re leaneas truly shocking to contemplate; but wnea the fatal moment enmes, we prtdict that, lite that very negro, ha will act have strength enough left to walk unsupportedto tbe gallows.cast of his 'net. and listening to the conversation in the ccrrloor, /i< moneyed to mnkt Ou Jay utar pleatorn bave reported tne following builaicgifto he unsaie — NOB. »67 em. 169 Thirty dratstreet, No. 187 to 1% Seventh hirtet, No. 4 Cedar Mtet tad No 60 Broad street Theducted upon that theory.The Recorder delivered a bruif charge, calling attention he ee.iovel bia rare and rest he atated tb-it he could comer of third avenue, ia recortea to be crackea in the meeeenger. The new carrier, quite a young iad, had to the usual topics, such sa the usury, lottery, electionMatty c'.-'t', " ua '>.;Dg quent.oced as ta how oldnepotoi ihe Thtra Avenue lUilroad Compacvj at theSome weeks since the linn changed their Post O/licehardlyentereduponthisservicewbenbewasapproached andliquorlaws. Speakingofthelawreatiretothesalecomplaiaofi.olackotattention,severhaiabetterappe- wal's;uidwouldbedangerousineaseofAre. tioe, and sever «»jcyeo a ntcht's s «eo with greater zestby Cox with reference to obtaining a key to ihe letter box and opening the letters of his employer, the safety and success with which similar operations had eo lang beenof intoxicating drinks, h e remarked that he understood that law was to receive a construction at the present term: that theie woul. be a number of complaintsHis *lle v»neo fciia oeany every day. and thuago. he Oil not otien refer to her, oae or two allusions whicb ne madeAs.v.fBSaNi o* run Naw YORKCIIY GIAKU—We learn that ttis tme-hecored company, commended by CaptainArrest t o r Stenting Letter*.Edward Cox, recently a porter ia the employ of D. W. Evans &Co., 677 Broadway, was detected yesterday byCourt o f General Session*. Before P.eeorder Barnard. FIRST PART.Soon after the court was opened yesterday morning tie Grand Jury for the June term was empanelled, tbeOFFZNCE3 ON THE H10 H SKAS.indicated tbtt he Hit a deep interest ta hex welfare. Mansfield level!, now tormmgthe beau and part of the oarrud on by his predecessor in connection witu Cox, be brought before tbe Grand Jury.and tbat, notwithstanding Ji >k 7.—TV Cnifed Stales w. Gordon lives and Kdn»niw wasthe tender mercies of honest little. _ o* A MAtsut IHTOCITS MORMO.V N ssh 1 Bathoo the hot weather fairly sets m There was only oae ca* a reran* at 9£,H9 95 tor ptamttf. •**••ofuroreland, reeeatty arrecsad tar having four wivesimmediately stoppad the boat and sueseeded ia rescuing peror Ooert tor Essex county, to six years' coaflaemeat treted an teeeeent assault apoa Jane Boms TheOtty * sa 7 —The Judge erato aejeuTaed it* osurt 'se warnI h a e r -Mo causa m Msigael for Ots M iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ia the State pr so*.Jttegn sent the fellow to tbe city prison for thirty days, and ordered hist to psy a tne of 994.ot acoomsneJaUoc a mill meet again o c MoLdar t « i - 4 - bywucku«-JetS'jeriw*xtavsanza prvrdad.Untitled DocumentAlthough City Judge RneasU presided dartaga long by>nrJtmrotheraanoe le knock off ttBefore Chit j-euee Bnsw*«*n. buUdlng,taordertossatattaetaartogtheorisonbefore Jitaw7—totheeaaeofRow*mBardeketneJU«Tfeeasforeign and demeetic fntattess, and the distracted stale a" our finance*, our-ng the aomlnlatrattans of Wsshtafaa and Adams, prevented us ftom raanattag1 these tadjgaataMr.Baacaon moved theusualvoteofthanks,what www.fultonhistory.com 