 at a jndf3»o*3sIjr te- wiflk 150,0fo o r ^ ^ dack London" *and eeear* a London jou,nal reeeat.vita>>&te "If he put «Missouri Election.I Cross replied that the officers had the advantage ofEUROfS/not yet extanlt ia JB*. fce effort* of |hat bcvdy reformer, Mr; Chark*ith.TCo"n"v' ent'io'n—Joh'n H"_yer, •John Edwards, Charles H. "tail,is worse, he may, if an independent,, democratic * American, think he is doing something' low or {yet** worse), something courageous, in traveling tfcird^"tion of .theirchildren.an effect on Judge Crawford that he fixed the termof imprisonment at oue-half what he first intended.Here, where gaming has been open and general,'crats that has brought about- the rendezvous at there is.a commis voyageur, (bagman or traveling Toplitz^ between the Emperor of Austria and the drummer,) perhaps, and a woman with a nursing;Prince Regent, The conspirators , of Petersburg child, surely; add now one or two older children. IfUK BLAIR: [Douglas Democrat) of after the election), hasns of the vote for Coa-present Congress:statute is put in force, as it has been to-day upon "William Marquis, a keeper of a faro bank here. He was to-day sentenced to three years imprisonment in the Penitentiary, while thousands of like offenses practiced by persons who have 'been and are patronized by distinguished officials ia and out of Congress, have gone unwhipped of justice. The case of Marquis is one so extra- ordinary that the Jury and the bar united in pe-tition to the President for his pard>n.THE POSTMASTER AT COLUMBUS.• •''-.. State Politics.hands; but lately 12 cannon were left in the. not do to enter through the main gate, would open harbor without sentry, to be' carried away by the the back door ot a general European war. In re-volunteers—wishes to get out of his false position as spect to England I will only add, that, in iy41,soon as possible. Since the cession of Nice to Lord Palmerston furnished the Druses with theFrance Garibaldi has looked upon the Count as arms they kept, ever since, and that, in 1846, by ajupon an enemy. He corresponds direct with the convention with the Czar Nicholas, he abolished, inKing, and does not wish to come into contact withthe Minister. Now should he succeed in subdu- point of fact, the Turkish sway that'eurbed thewild tribes of the Lebanon, and stipulated for theming Naples, he will become the most important a quasi-independence which, in the run of time, andman in .Italy, aud might easily dictate terms to under the proper management of foreign plotters, Victor Emanuel, • such as . might jeopardize the could only beget a harvest of blood.krrett... . . . . . . 5 2 4 .'ongress:12,5£1everywhere. The sevtral bat alions crowded the area that bad been reserved in the center of the building, when three rousiDg cheers were given for the Wido- Awakes and the South Brooklyn'Wigwam.• .•'.'...Messrs. Bashford, Moulton & Co. request us to cor rect a statement made in T H E TRIBUNE two or three days since, that the ship Benjamin Morgan is fitting out for a slaver. They assure us she is bound on,a legitimate voyage to tbe Cape of Gaod Hope. We apokgize oheeifully to those gentlemen, if we were9,790 | Todd....4,34r - 1,322.1 no candidate for. the intended to help B a r -Of the 4,347 votes ted for Blair for the ted for Barrett Thehe Republicans made ng Orr and the other If so, the " Union"twice as many votes in return for 'severalor their State ticket, shell (Opp.) has beaten the Yth (Woodson's) Dhave three Memberswhat now peases for Holhns, and 31#che2L e called Democrats, rotes solid for a Denv the Tariff. jn thefrom its position as the North and the t inducements £s nay or the investment of e«; and yet,-thoughnee the first railroad hat State, and though points in New-Jersey o Philadelphia is less is still but.one Conv igh route, and of this mad by steamboats. re passed bytbis rich ding their money to- yond their oij'n oe-to themselv^, has stly apparent to the test legislature of fcnto collision two of a State, has resolted\RECAPTUREOF COL. JAMESBUCHANANFrench Alliance, without which, according, to Count Cavour's views, Italy cannot as yet believe~ «*p . — i w w m .im^miiAH. i.Tfc^x^^.^c^^^^y^]P8;t ,'H ;t#;rt#t;ir;. fill 8Tr/v^' J^lfitl&'JjftpJSEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATOtlfciY, AUGUST II, I860,11 r'T' .-'.,'-"!-!!''."•."•• ;..•"• ' 4WWWP!^.£& developments which must ultimately prove of great advantagev to the people of the State, and to the whole public• .. .v 11 >fil6¥-WlMJi^l •»••!...! Hof New-Jersey these cities can be supplied withfollowingextracta^%niourfilesofpapers^!•;)cr-schools of toe $karae, less prices than at present. Our business and The vote for Governor is: iff. Jackson, 274; Gar-\With regardtotheimportsthemoststrikinglb*-.' . ' LONDON, JnJy 28; i860. ture Is tbe huge bulk of the cotton arrivals. Ia [vegetables and' fruits, in greater abundance and t>t linciere,by 130. .Cn the road to Moyamensmg, the prisoner jested with his captors regarding his escape and recapture. He pretend; d>to- sympathize deeply with Mr. Porter, who bad fallen into disgrace upon hieaccount, and who Lad become an object of suspicion. He sud he could not help the matter at the time, but he had determined to nrake Porter a rich man before he died !»> Crosswas finally lodged iuhis cell about midnight, andwepresume.thataftertheexperienceofthepast, he will,have to remain in strong quarters until the Uw is done with him..traveling communities will also be greatly benefited by the stimulating effect of two rival interests, which, as each claims an ability to earn dividends fh?m their local traffic, willbeable to look uponthethoughtravelasanadditiononlytobegained l>y concession? in fere, and;greater speed. Indeed, •one of the parties interested in a through railroad .route, under one management, has already signi- fied its willingness to carry passengers at about le was duH, P«rtacularfy one-third less than the present fare, and. to occupydenbire, 3,215; C. F. Jackson, 9,764, and Orr,.12,457. The Republicans figure Rollin's majority in the Second District at 500. The returns from the counties come inslowly, not half being heard from yet.••.'• rrT?"-"^-". .from Onr Own Correspondent.'vVi ing onlyjust been issued, and Lord Stratford de against J.665,306 cwti. in the Jnne of last year, ' and 1,339,108 cwts. in June, 1858. The increase^Eedcliffe having announced for Tuesday next his for the six months TM no loss than three millions of interpellation respecting the Syrian afiairs, I delay hundred weights; so that the half year roedptt areJuly last, a wastriedJformm,,,TURIN July 24,1860.We have now noi less than three or four JEuro- entering on this naomentou* subject, and would greater by more tbaft J6Q^ cent. The cotton ia*-a*| Chief-Justice fcockbora, to penal servitude fbt sich he suffer> this net pipping a boy? to death.KentuckyEjection.peanquestionsofthefirstmaguihide.Itisa^ onlywarnyourreaderstono£becarriedawayby portedintbemonthofMay,I80».isworthmd«hfithe import in 185>. So lessm»^ . £1,800,000 than .Garibaldi, and seeing himself abandoned by Englandand France, the King gave a Constitution and sentan Embassy to Turin seeking an alliance, that theprobably, in dverytbing lethod of teaqhing him. cane; and he |beat hia* ipparently a jirocew ofM»* Mr. Hopley certainly not tn*t the >nippiag» for they wer©. JBut their form was neither- a the science ;'o£ arith-ay in the vftal (owe* frter complained to the ire treatment was neeee- cbronic obstinacy, andim to resort to all need- r. Hopley was tne princi- aool at Eastbourne, waxattainments, and a fit On the night of the undertook to substitute 3e milder regimen be bad ituted the heroic treat. *itive resnlt, for ia thefound dead in his bed. had come in at the end we husband, so far as to [spots of blood, to make ites of sepulture, t o p u tlocent white upon the fextravaaated blood, aad tings which covered the and lacerated by the " about the size of a in depth, occasioned," t>n, "by a job or torusfcthe stick" with which stable school at East- When, the next .day, stood by Ids little coffin pious gentleman said,ren knows, I hare donename was Reginaldle son of a gentlemanIA: child of weak mind' intellect quickened by- be j tissues beneath thethe hand, reduce the perfect Jelly," or by ly into the legs an inchJiatinguish between duH- t to be intrusted with,But the dullness of this oamon sort which comes leiimes be corrected byHis was a weakness of C. Hydrocephalus had shape; and produced a> .•••' The case was one and not a schoolmasterB r ! The mistake was It is easy to conceive H»r child had led, sub- nishment as reasonable tinadoed for persistingeyes instead of black, ally murderer, put him ,'in a single night, and suffering, was a merei- wretch who was the *ith due punishment isy of English law. The typonder gravely, whohut about three hours in the transit.The development* referred to as having Been made through the action of the last Legislature, are seen in the diminished respect paid to exclu- sive grants, and in the disposition on the part of the Courts to set .these grants aside, evinced in the recent decisions by the Chancellor.* Let these decisions be fully established as the law, and carried out in practice, aad prosperity and pro- gress must become the distinguishing features ofHew-Jersey.A Douglas Democrat writes from Buffalo toThe Albany Atlas as foUowB:«The DoogUa forcelnc»M««, erery <Uy hero, Mid bofore.the6th of N*r«nb«r, the tnttre old Whig and American ttrength,•with T»ry iaaig&ifiorat *xceptiou» wlU be with a*. Fillmore, rTTyii, Kt^oham, Bwton, Bird, and all the old liae» art for Doug- ..laa, and the rank and file follow them."—How is this? We knew Hall (K.N.) hadM ^ e r e • * F e ' * f o w m u \t JET fte rapid decrease in file *&&ffcm-~ upon the internal collisions that have arisen o.ut Of'i xnid^T8tood that some cotton crisis is appTO*cbi«vthe serf emancipation movement and the dibipi-j he more so since the new arrivals of the r a t r n a ^ erial £aH upon unusually replete coifcoa stores.tamedheard wat Mr. Fillmore was going for Sell. Canmine, JamesMoClaiue, William Harri* -. John M. Gallagher. >ins, Jam a„ WARD—Third Assembly Di«trict-John E. Ayera, EIGHTHWilliam BrowniDg, J. H. Corwin, Thomas Fuller. Thomas Mc- DoniaL Fifth D&trict-E W. Ring, W. F. T. Chapman, John J. Shaw, D. R. Davis, William Patterson, R. V. Peeny, Frank Hulburt. -rnTurin, all but Poerio, Settembrini, Mancini, a,nd • £ £ • / • • _,D®,«g»*e« • to ihe Sixth Assembly DIstriot Convention Scialoja, and some few others of lesser note, afterTHE~ £ - •*- Fraser, George Gambs Charles A. Buchman.panied him, as also the French Commodore's ship Po- ELKVKNTH WARD.—Delegates to the Twelfth Assembly Dis- an exile of twelve years. They were enthusiasti-Democrat some years ago. but we haveis nicknamed, felt disappointed, and rode to thebarracks, saying, " Children, assist me..' They areit be that he will support the man whom he so justly and forcibly denounced this very year for wantonly reopening the S-avery agitation, after it' had been close! by the compromise of 1850 ?LATEST 'NEWS, RECETVXD BTwilling to expel me !" But this trick met with noNINTH WARD—Fifth Assembly District-Dr. E. Dominion, response, and the King had to ride back and post- the French found himself p!aced in the same neces- of appearances, social distinctions and otherof the public bodies, members of, the clergy and bar, Tne worae-and-worse aspects from Kentucky and deputations of prominent citizens. He was con-veyed in the Governor's carriage and accompanied by of their National Committee admit that all is lost a procession along tbe streets, which were lined by the volunteers' battalion and numerous tasteful archesthe prop on which this sway over the peasantryrests—the Catholic clergy of France. The Impe- is a civil, je vous demande pardon I applied "ho-rare crushicg to the Breckinridge men here. Somebefore the people. The remark is attributed to Were erected. JThierry—remarkable what a magic pain-extractor'' mediately], and other indescribable imped*menffr~~'the President, that Breckinridge has no more sup- port in Kentucky than he himself has in Pennsyl-DELINQUENT POSTMASTERS.The balconies of the houses were filled with ladies and children. - A number of the latter sang the national anthem. A guard of honor of regular troops accom- panied the Prince from Halifax. The Prince rode out m plain clothes this afternoon in the rain. Governor Mulgrave and other celebrities are. here. The recep- tion is considered a complete success.Tbe Soutnern Excnr§ion.BrjFFAi.o, Aug. 10, 1860. The Southern excursion party arrived according to previous announcement. The dupot was throngel with p ople, assembled to witness the reception. The Mayor welcomed the visitors in a brief speech. Judge Clay- ton, of Mississippi, responded on the part of hisby them, Trombino rode to the barracks and ordered the troops to take the oath of allegiance to the King and obedience to the Constitution. But when the jexpediency of an empruntdc lavaix (a peace-loan). • :rainy.andthe windows shut,' then has the intelU- This was too much even for Decembrist France.- .gent stranger rich opportunity for study. So full a. To eke out one loan contracted on the pretext of chapter, however, is rare and does not last long;The Auditor's office of the Po»t-Ofrice Depart- peatly. and notoriousljr throughout the country, find that large Lumbers ofofficers of the fleet had to take the same oath, they 1 war by a subsequent loan contracted on the pretext occurring only at the near approach to or departure added the clause: not to fight against Italians. of peace, was a presumption abhorrent even to the from large towns, in ordinary times, or respectively The Ministers remained in office, the Royal Guards Paris stockjobbers. Some faint voice in the emas- ditto amaJJ towns, on fete and market days. ; ^ in the barracks, openly shouting their Vivas for the culated P a n s press dared to insinuate that the bless- If the Anglo-Saxon " shrewd observer" amongto the man who mux-year. It was difficult ment, in settling the account* of small Postmastersfi...••it.•.;ri!2i:;,',:-.f5iTMl:j;,;:ST. t o n s . Friday, Aug. 10, I860. ]have elected the following officers: A. C. Bernondy, The recaptured rC-rna."waa-«ta*en at once to pri«ril InBeoorder, b y 2,587 over Kembe, Independent, and. Mr. Manns w^gon, the district-Attorney retaining his laborer's " rig/' *»a drivmiTthe horses. So complete••'•> •which has hitherto afaown a steadily morea«bi| I Mr'emfnx onfc-aTS* in their ordinary drees, would have had By the official vote of the county, the Democrats some treble in Jrappmghim. £ : frl ••• ' |-BYT H E : E T J R O F A ' S M A I L S -:>IFrance. Spain, Sardinia and Austria, are likewisesending ships to ike ill-fated countrjr; and Prnwda de-% Worsted yarn shows a decune. The e j e p w e x J cotton goods for the $iz months to British India &•**Hew roads -KTII enrich the farmers of the State,by opening to them the markets of New-York andPhiladelphia; while from the fertile garden lands 5>175 over Nelson, Republican; Charles Rodman, re- was his disguise tha* the prisoner om^not recognise himThe EdTopa's ttfifls reachedthiscity^yesterday after- c^ares openly that a Government unable & grant dacHnel from £6,094,430, in the first half of 1859, 'elected Jailor, by 2,182 over Blakely, Republican; until they arrived at the prison ana Mr* Mann jestingly PeterWiglan,reelectedMarshal,by270; C.L.Boirf- demandedbisfare.••,.N- , •- -/ •,;^QOtrti. t n addition toonr correspondent Hve niake theBecmlfr w its subjects, does not deserve to'e'mt FromanOccasional CorrespOfldent. •.-to £4,738,440 in the fir«t half of 1860, OZ^bft* £J,360,000 worth of goods. « ^LouisviLLE^K'ts* Friday, August 10,1860. Sixty-four counties, mostly complete, give Coombsa majority. of 25,296V. '•'• ''"-T own of Salisbury, Mfd., nearly de-stroyed . by Fire,BAL TIMORE, Friday, Aug. 10,1860. The town of Salisbury, Somerset County, was nearly coneum«d by fire on Wednesday the 8th inet. Over forty dwelling bouses, stores, e t c , were, destroyed. >The town is represented as almost in complete ruios. The Episcopal Church, one of the oldest ia the State, was destroyed, notwithstanih>g great efforts were made to save it. The conflagration: swept away the stores of Messrs. Reder & Tradwine, Wm. Burk-. REPUBLICAN .iim.PRIMARIES.time for diplomatists.helplessness. Under the pressure of the fear of press, the feelings of horror at the atrocious outP T»W cotton in the fast five xa* nthshead, C. F . Dasbields, Bush's Hotel,stores and their content* were partially destroyed. A large amount of personal property, goods, & c , were saved, though the aggregateJoes is very great. Most of the sufferers are insured, in the Mutual Insurance Company of Delaware. The origin of the fire is not kpown, but it is suspected to have been the work ofSecond Assembly District, Henry H. Huelat, James Ro*oh' Wm. Southiemer, Henry Steward, John Roach, Benjamin Stew" a r t . '••.•-.»•*•FIFTH WARD—Third Assembly District—Nathan Kingsley, or., Edwin O. Hah-ted, William Parker, Thomas. OntWater, John Bennett, Edward W. Pratt. A. Bain, William H. Bailey.SIXTH W A R D (No 52 Franklin street).—First District—Mi- chael J. Ryan. Second District—Geortre Grundy, Thomas Mo- Grain, James Quinlah, O. W. Brennan, John V. Oram. Fourth DMriot—David B. Dwire, Joseph W. Hawks._ SIXTH WARD.—Fir»t Assembly District—Lewis M. Peck. Second Assembly District—James R. Lawrence, Henry V. Martin, P . C. Van Wyck, John McCne, E. H. Cornell, Jacob BlsckwelL Fourth Assembly District-Frederick W . Moyer, Wm. ZobeLSEVENTH WARD.—Delegates to the Fourth Assombly DistrictThe people remained passive in fear of a reaction-ary movement, which would ruin all those whomight have been too enthusiastic about Liberty;but the lower classes burned the police stations,killel some of the most notorious police, officials,both low and high, and continue to suspect treasonon the part of the King. The army got dissatis-fied, especially the foreign troops, well awaro thatthey will soon be dissolved and sent home; thus'an incendiary.CINCINNA TIJThe Republican Convention met yesterday and nom-inated a full County tickets Judge. Oliver M. Spencer was nominated for Congress from the 1st District, and the Hon. John A Gurley from the Ild.Distriot.The Chicago Zouaves drilled last night in Pike's Opera House. They leave to-day for St. Louis.'.•'. . ;»» — ...-W ..:•Tlie Prince of WalesCHARLOTTETOWN, Friday, Aug. 10,1860. The Prince of Wales landed at 2. o'clock on Thurs- day from the Hero. The Admiral's ship Nile, and the Ariadne, Cossack, Valorous, and Flying Fish, acc>m-have a dusty mason or mealy milfer or otherwise aOhio Politics.>iy:labor-stained " mud siir for next assessor. What** l<after returning 'thanks for the' courtesy extended' with the stars and stripes. The right gallery was re- class of Postmasters are those who pay their dues to them, he. reviewed' the relative position of the served for ladies, who were- represented in goodlysureties probably sufficient in most cases, but the thaft brotherly feelings should at all timee charac- H. Bristow, in tfce standard club uniform of a cloak terize their intercourse. At half p»8t seven the greater aud cap of g'oesed clot', with a lantern and a flagfact of this kind of default exhibits a wide spread portion of the company embarked on boird the West- bearing the name of Lincoln and Hamlin, floating from demoralization that disgraces the country. Mr. ern Mft-opoliB foT Cleveland, 'whence they will pro- its staff, went through a variety of evolutions in thetl savans\" (the learned dogs) of the mock repre-army of volunteers to about 15,000 picked men, sentation, hazarded by Mr. Favre, and Mr. Oli- nation, take and give fortuitous elbow thrusts intowhile the Sicilian levies amount to about 10,000 ver, on the characteristic features of the vicinal ribs, as friendly letters of introduction-, talk, men. All this army is of course not drilled, but the Decembrist regime, as well as the furious on- laugh and make merry. Of course he may fall in with, confidence in Garibaldi and the patriotism of the slaught on the intrigues of the "old parties," morose, crusty fellow-passengers, especially when young men make them formidable to the Neapoli- with which the official, the semi-official, and officious he is himself in a crusty mood. Not all French-^to Government upon drafts in favor of mail con-two sections of the country toward each other, numbers. Previous to the organization of the meet- tractors. The sums are, of course, small, and the their mutnal . dependence, and expressed the hope ing^the " Irrepressible Wide-Awake Battalion," Col.Lange, Sacchi, and Pellegrini, have increased hiselse be in cramped opposition, in inteAavped alter-Holt will remove all who do not promptly pay the halanee foond against them.T b e Z o u a v e s .ST. LOUIS. Friday. An*. 10, 1860.tans, who seem to, be so entirely paralyzed and hor-ror-struck, that, according to the telegraph of to-day, the fortresses of Melazzo, Messina, Syracuse, is rekindling from its cinders, and that the continu-men are urbane, or even decently rude; nor will speaking generally, the present reporter, looking.T H EALBANYPOSTMASTER.The Chicago Zouaves arrived this evening, and werereceived by the National Guards. They will* drill in the Club, made a Bhort introductory speech of welcome««*a -iLffosi+a. were abandoned by the royal troops, ance of the usurper's rule again depends on the' over an aggregate experience more than 4,600 kilo-niHarry Turner, a sporting man here, was to-day sentenced to eighteen months imprisonmont, on a charge of robbing a person with whom he and oth- ers were playing cards. He made a very sensible address to the Court, attributing his^ wrong doiogTOKON'TO, Friday, Aug. 10, i860. - In the Cincinnati embezzlement case to-day, uponshowed that the principles of^he Republican partywere identical with those of the founders of the Re-public; he gave a history of the -encroachments ofjust been publicly stated, without a denial on the part of the Berlin governmental press, in the publi- cations of the German "National Association," openly proposed to his uncle the annexation to Prussia of the whole of Northern Germany up to the main, on the condition of a cession to France of the Rhenish. Provinces, and of connivance atFrance, one or more Sisters of Charity,, or of some other religious order; a gendarme is rarely wanting, and more or less soldiers are constant elements of the representative company. . The uniforms of these, the ecclesiastic's dark robe, the countrymen's blue blouses, mingled with the Parisian modes and local costumes of the women kind, make striking contrasts or pleasing harmonies of colors; thento constant habits of intoxication.It had so greatdelivered to the Cincinnati detective.The Battle of Bennington.OGDZNSBURGH, Friday, Aug. .10, 1850. The anniversary of the battle of BenniDgton, Ver- mont, will be celebrated at Bennington on the 16th inst. Eoecius W. Judson,. esq., of Ogdensburgh, willof Mr. Blair in the Slave State of Missouri, and passed in review tbe several candidates, exhibiting Douglas c1bee in the embrace of Slavery, and Breckinridge fairly and squarely on a disunion platform. Many other telling points w,ere made, and the orator through- out engaged the close attention of his audience. .DunngMr. Curtis's address, a pause was made at the entrance of the Lincoln Battalion of the Rooky Mountain Club of Kings County, Capt. Gomstock, and the Prairie Rangers,- Capt. Booib, the Soutb Brooklyn Club acting as escort, and preceded by bands of musicand try to stop his revolutionary career.The Count Cavour, on the other side, upbraided by air the Diplomacy of Europe for the-support given to Garibaldi—for it is no secret that guns, muskets and ammunition from the arsenals are so put in the way of the expeditions starting from Genoa and Leghorn, as to be sure to fall into theirfact simultaneously thrown out by both the Auto-time out of mitd, people are astounded when the deliver the address. { •_and Paris had, however, in case of their tempta- tions of Prussia should fail, sept in reserve the thrilling incident of the Syrian massacres, to be fol- lowed by a French intervention which as it wouldany one of the company is on a journey of more tham twenty miles lorig, he or she is Like to have a basket, in the which are a pound of two of bread, a bottle of wine and store of cherries, pears, grapes, or whatever is the fruit of the season in bis or her home, region. When these are attacked by the owners, the fruit is often " handed round" to by-sitters.- The present reporter still cherishes grateful recollection of a luscious bunch of brown grapes .with which h e . was so gifted between Saumur and Tours, oh or about the 20th September, in the aftornooH* A. D . 1857. And so to leave, the general and come to-, particulars.I left Paris by the Strasbourg rail Jast Sunday ,- week. Ontheseatsbehindme,wereapriest,a•. gentleman and his wife, the priest's sister, and twe> young men, a cousin and brother, L judged, of the married lady—all in the highest spirits and exuber- ant of decent gayety. When there grew up a disr cussioh between the priest and tho, gentleman, ae to the authority of the church, theu.the yourjg fel- lows listened respectfully, and tlie. ladies spoke low. What was remarkable in the debate, which was continued through an hour, was that. al&ough the disputants were lriends and much in earnest,they did not get nDgry: they were treating of a, religious question, and addressed each other aa, "My dear sir." The clergyman, in maintaining his ultramontane sentiments wiih zeal and knowl- *retary ox State-has no official foundation, bat it is pre- •dieated on his face that his health has been failing forquietly sought a hiding-place in the upper part of the city, while the police, thrown upon a wrong scent, were searching ibr him down town. . Cross went to a bowe in the neighborhood of Columbia avenue at dstreet last night, and was BObadly i DJured that he died in a few hourB thereafter. 0ANONYMOUS COMPLAINTS AGAINST POLICEMEN.—annexation, that one Ministerial crisis succeeded/ army, and consequently the transfer of its supremethe other, until Garibaldi, tired out by these in- command from the Governor-General at Calcutta, edge, showed none of what Didsbury calls the-some months past.Tbe amount of Government money on deposit is Bnad street, where he remained until Sunday night,to tbe London Horse Guards, alias the Duke of trigues, sent the cunning politician off to Genoa. Cambridge. Quite apart from the other seriousoidiurn theologicuss; and the liberal gonUemaa, showed himself a liberal.At Epernayf four soldiers joined us. Tkey had.' with them a boy of ten years old in uniform* an enfant de troupe. It was good to see the oare they took of him, seeing to it that he had hi* slice and hia drink when they lunched, and bolstering him with aceed to Chicago by Railroad, and thence home.area in the center of the Wigwam, presentidg. a fine appearance. The Prairie Songsters followed with a <>.Amr»fti<m sonsr. brinjriBflr out cheers at Uie close of each chorue. Alter which, w . xr. 'uurieigli, JPreBittcutr yepress of Paris teems, coincided in bearing witnessto the stern fact, that the rebellious spirit of Gaul sitting on a hard bench soften their manner J. BusAn opinion prevails here that the President will act upon the advice of his' friends in New-York who counsel against the removal of the presentPostmaster at Albany.THE TREASURY.The amount in the Tre&aary subject to draft at the close of burned last night. This is the second time they have Lord Gray's depreciative estimate of American institu-leaving Garibaldi the UhUisputea- mnotor o f Sicily1,, without having had to shed any blood after the two bloody days of Calatafimi and Palermo.i enactment of a grand war-spectacle, as it did two metres long, running through the past nine years onthe week wsi.... ;............$3,271,000 'ReessSa* for the laat week were.. 1,81",000 The dza/tapald were....••»•••••.••»••••«•• »«•••••• •••• 2,538,000tions he believed to have touched every point but theright one, and that was whether the policy of this Gov-Italy." The island is for him but the lever withwhich he is to move in turn Naples, Rome, andVenetia. Starting,with this in view, he proclaimedat once Victor Emanuel King of Sicily, but he ob-jected to any hurry in the formal annexation. Heknew that as soon as the country declares by herParliament and universal suffrage her unanimousdesire to become a portion of the new Kingdom ofItaly, the Government at Turin will- send down aGovernor-General, regular gajrisons, generals, andofficials; that diplomacy wnl.3jbto work to preventthe Dictator from landing on -the coast of Naples, the progress of Russia on the Danube. It is thisThe draftsItcaed were.........#•••PUNISHMENT OF GAMBLERS.2,215,000"'tion" for France, the Emperor Alexander, as has priest,'" and especially in Southern and CentralFriday;Aug.10,1860.the grant of the Constitution satisfied nobody, and. \ Assembly District Convention -Warn Rosevelt, Geo. Kim- lost its intended, effect. Bombino, as Francis II.Several other,Washington Theater to-morrow, and leave for Spring- field Monday.Fire..•—•Tbe Cincinnati embezzlement Case, ernment was in favor of Freedom or Slavery. Hedifferent French railways, says that the view* ef after the conclusion of the Crimean episode. It is third-class cars is agreeable. To pr««ent one u aW .common concert. While Bonapartist semi-official pamphlets, offered to the Prince Regent of Prussia, "German Union," backed by a "moral compensa-HAMILTON, C. W., Friday, Aug. 10,1860. Williams & Oo.'s kerosene oil works wereing, aDd his coming forward was the occasion for re-Sicilians, " I do not come for Sicily; I come for necessity of sounding the foar-trampet, act in townsmen, merchants, professional men andrentiers; of stout farmers, proprietors; .of mechanics and day-laborers—with feminine correspondents m. all these social kinds; then there is almost always aJ .been destroyed this Summer.newed cheering. The rejoinder of Mr. Everett^ tothe arrival of witnesses from Cincinnati and New- Slavery up to the present time, when it declares, asYork, the magistrate decided that the case did not come plainly as possible, its purpose to rule or ruin; he re-under the Ashburton extradition treaty, and discharged ferred to the fact that what might be deemed the first Montague. The money, amounting to $25,60Q, was Republican triumph of this campaign was the election10,1860. to the State Convention for Wyoming County.»•The Canada Outward Bound.HALIT AX, Aug. 10,1860. The K. M. steamship Canada in going out of this harbor latt night, got asnore. She will not sail untilto-night—possibly to-morrow—for Liverpool.BA T A VIA, Friday, Aug.A. D. Smith of Perry was Vesterday elected delegate with/ torches and banners, and fireworks breaking out.CROSS.'From Tht Philadelphia Bulletin, latt evening.herself safe. The Count wishes, therefore, to get session etands unrivalled by a startling succession the annexation of Sicily accomplished as soon as of Government failures. Apart from Mr. Glad-The statement of The Columbus (O.) Journalthat the President has reconsidered the removal of tured at a house in the Twentieth Ward, and reetored. able source, and the sort of cargo seemtd to warrant• Col. James Buchanan Croe8 was last night recap- led into error. Our information came.from a respect- Mr. Miller, Postmaster at Columbu*, and with- to his old quarters at Moyamerising prison. The fugi- the suspicions of our informant..possible, and so much the more since such a politi- cal fact would at once put an end to the Napolitan Alliance pressed upon Sardinia by the united di-stone's abortion of protective duties, not one sin- gle important measure has been carried. But while the Government were withdrawing bill afterholds the commission of Dr. Dawson as Postm vs- ter, on the application of the Hon. Mr. Cox, is en- titled to full credit.To the Associated PTOM.tive was.traced to nis lair after a patient and careful search, and he was finally captured by the exercise of a ruee.Two BOYS KiLLKD.-rJames Carrera, a boy 9 years of age, was instantly killed last evening by fallingplomacy of England France, Prussia and Russia. bill, they had contrived to smuggle through therapidly driven down the "Neclc' for a short distance, was taken to the residence of his parents, No. 35to Palermo, to induce Garibaldi to hasten the an-nexation. Havingfailed to persuade the Dictatorin this respect, La Farina raided such an oppositionagainst Garibadi's Ministry, and in favor of promptand the wagon was then turned about and driven up Bodd street. Jarvis, another boy 5 years of age, The report of the resignation of Mr. Cass as Sec- town at a moderate pace. By this means the fugitive fell from the third-story window of No. 35 AmityWASHINGTON, Friday, Aug. 10,1860.£*u> as they were all strangers to him, intimating thatto see a Frepcb anny on tho coast of old Phoenicia,at onee declared herself ready for cooperaton with proaperity, this mouth excepted, **w$0le4' KThe Republican Associations in the Wards below Fourteenth street met last evening and elected dele- gates to the Assembly Conventions. On the 14th inst., theee delegates will meet and elect delegates and alter- nates to the Republican State Convention, to be held atMt for the-sufferers.which ought steadily to be fixed upon, l a the 4Mods and yarns be compared with the sftfi moreSyracuse on the 22d inst.those elected last evening:W e append the names ofisters withdrew to the fortress of Gaeta, continu- ing to advise the King at the capital, and to seekFmaT WARD.-Peter Fritz, James Marshall, J. Clitz Morrison, Georg© Thomson, Arthur Boyce.SECOND W AKD.—Jos. Manning, John Shipman.THIRD WARD.—Joseph D. Coota, Samuel N. Lecompte, Ben- jamin WateTburj, T. R. Hibbard.dated state of finances,, finds itself in a fi&out ofadvice at Vienna. The; King, upon the precedent, which- the present Government knows noj^hej*' to DOTS AND LUTES FBOH PAEISFOURTH WARD—First Assembly District—S. E. Wh^elon. alwaystobepreparedtooverthrowtheConstitution.the impending revolution so confidentially pre-dicted in Prince Dolgoroukow's SavcriU suriaRussie. Consequently, it is about three months'PETERSTHAL, July 16, 1860.If the traveler weuW study" economy taA. Thomas Ball, D. L. Pettee. Dt- Hallt Goo. McGann, Thomas Ball, D. L. Pettee. Delegates to the EitghtfhiAssembly District Conventjlon-WarrenHiram Burdett, George F. Merklee. Seventh Assembly Dis- trict—Asa Butman. Tobias Lawrence, Jesse Travis, John B. Al- len.David Marsh, Wilson A Baylor, Dr.S. Oriswold, William H. Gedney. Henry W. Smith. • ->/TKNTH WARD.—Delegates to the Fourth Assembly District Convention—Edward H Lawrence, William Kellock, Hermanmene. The day was stormy and wet. There was a trict Convention—W. H. Daryee, J. L. Perley, John Landers-multitude of visitors from abroad. The steamer Ara- Daniel Hemck. Jap. Morris, J. C. Harrison, Chap.Perley, C. Don- cally received by the population, and all the Minis-sity as the orthodox Czar, of looking out for somefresh and thrilling crusade, to plunge his empireagain into the Lethe of war-hallucinations. TheItalian movement, slipping out of his leadmg-strings,and taking a course contrary to the direction he want-ed to impart to it, had, as was delicately hinted inthe ConstittUionnel, become a 6ore in the opinionof Paris. His attempts at wheedling the PrinceRegent of Prussia into a violent " consolidation ofGermany," to be paid by a "moral compensation"for France in the shape of the Rhenish provinces,turned out a signal failure, and even cast some ridi4 bundles of unknown contents done up in cW'mw, cule on the entrepreneur of the emancipation-of-na>Bldson Philip Keilley. Charles Curtis, Wm. Rabold, M. Devoy,MAOKETIC TELEGRAPHo bian brought six hundred persons from Quebec, and John Steinfeldt, John Parrot. Delegates to the Eighth Assembly. ters went down to the harbor to greet them. OhSersons, a child or two of lap-size, and boxes, s o l 3 iers' knapsacks, canes, umbrellas, baskfetr o o u § taining viatic bread and wine, or fruit gathered iaFrom WasJhington. SyeoUl 9iap«4oh to The N. Y. Tribano.WASHK?GTON, Fnday, Au^. 10, 186UTHE KJENTUCKY ELECTION.THIRTEENTH WAKD.—^Delegates to the Eighth Assembly Dis- The preparations for the Prince's reception were trict Convention—Thomas Brown, Henry A- Smith, Robert gocd. The Prince, who wore a Colonels uniform, Fair, Louis Burttch, Thomas C. Gould, Nelson Cables. Dele- landed under eight royal salutes from the ships and gate to the Sixth Assembly District Convention—Augustus battery, including a French ship. He was received on Feilen. Delegate to tie Fourth Assembly District Conventionsome country cousin's garden, carpet-bags,-brown paper parcels of purchases made in town,the Westmoreland four hundred from Brunswick. District'Convention—John D. Atkins, Wm. Vandewater, John Some of the excursionists had to camp oct.. ' Gardner, B Fitepatrick. \. • 'the following day the Koyal Guards, without theirofficers-r-for even these are'Liberals^—rushed downthe streets shouting Viva il Be, and cutting andwounding with their swords whoever refused to re-peat the shout. The demonstration, evidently in-stigated by the King's brother, the Connt of Trani,failed to produce a counter-revolution, the Lazza-roni firmly believing that Garibaldi is the man ofdestiny who is to get cheaper maccaroni for them. rial exchequer was reduced for some time to, andThe Ministers at once resolved to resign unless the continues in a state of, exhaustion, which it was and when, moreover, the day be hot and the^snxt : King gave some pledge of his good faith. Pressed vainly tried to cure by throwing out the hint of the '.skinmg in at the windows, or the day be cold a»dQueen's wharf by the officers of Government, members—George G. Hallock.FOURTEENTH W ARD.—Delegates Sixth Assembly District—John P. Kennedy, Robert Irwin, Hugh Bennett, William A. Knopp Patrick O'Connor. John Sharp, Robert Bennett. Fourth Asstmbly District—Joseph W. Cook, Daniel S. Duvnll, Herbert J. Owens.FIFTKKNTH WARD.—Delegates to Fifth Assembly District— Chnrles Cheney, James S. Buyler, Thomas H Dilks. Delegates to the Seventh District Convention—Marshall B. Blake. John L. Taj lor. Frederick R. Sherman, Charles J. Livingston, Erastua C. Benedict. Delegates to the Tenth District Convention—Samuel Leeds, Francis F. Resch. v-SBVBNTBHNTH WARD.—Delegates to the Sixth Assembly Dis-trict Convention—lasso MoGay, Richard H. Woods. WilliamAienfred. Delepatea to the Tenth Assembly District—VanRensselaer Wood, William H. Shields, Andrew J. Ode'LCharleB H. Groves, Samuel Cantrell, John Byrns, Michael J.McDonald, Charles J. Folsom, Jacob Theiss, Francis Duncan.Delegates to the Twelfth Assembly District Convention—ArnoldA Rensom, Peter Cook, George P. Stutzman, Francis Heuol, Count of Trani and the Queen Maria Theresa, while ings of the seond Empire were as great as expensive, «iis dense population, take notes for print (be aBernard Schwartz , "•'...• the portraits and proclamations of Garibaldi are the nation having bought them by an increase to the RiBUNE Own.Correspondent for example deifrmihawked about in all the streets, the returned ex- amount of fifty per cent of the public debt. The first set down, with admiration points, the shiMaeaethem cannot square their accounts, by reason ofhaving used for private purposes the postageswhich accumulated in their hands from the timethat Congress failed to pass the Post- Office Ap-propriation bill up to the succeeding session. This Southern friends, at considerable length, in which three sides, and a large platform on the other canopiedWIGW AM DEDICA TION AT SOUTH BROOKL YN.— The South Brooklyn Bepublican Campaign Club had a grand rally at their pleasant, and spacious Wigwam on Court street, opposite Douglas, last evening. The structure is 50 by 80 feet, with galleries inning roundiles speak of Victor Emanuel, and the confusion is ijsjpreasing from day to day. iproject of a peace loan of .500,000,OOOf. was. conse- of invention, accomodating temper, practical -phi- s quently dropped, a retreat that only encouraged losophy, fluency of sympathy and mmbleness ofand congratulation to those present, "when a song, written by him, was presented through the Praine Songsters.years alter tlie cmqt d>6t<*t, and again two yearaIt reems that on Saturday morning, after the escapeof Cross from the hands of tipstave Porter, he was from a tree' in front of No. 3 Bond street. His body ian refugee, a personal friend of Cavour, was sentsecond reading a little resolution, consisting of one single little clause, which, if carried, would have brought about the greatest constitutional change witnessed in England ever since 1689. That reso- lution simply proposed the abolition of the local En- glish army in India, its absorption into the British$5,083,000 of which $3,272,000 is subject to draft. when he went to a Bmali dwelling, occupied by a poor General-Superintendent Kennedy desires the'writer ofThe receipts for the la»t week were $1,810,000, but. woman, in a small clomp of houses which stand back the anonymous latter signed " Justice " t o make him- At the same time, however, in order to show his consequences such a change must be fraught with,owia£ to the payment of drafts, to the extent of over from Columbia avenue, between Twelfth and Thir- loyal attachment to Victor Emanuel, he requested it would put part of the army out of the control of $2,500,000; the sum now on band is leon by $405 000 teenth street*. A house had been rented for the Colo- self known at Police Headquarters and substantiate the the King to send Depretis, a member of tho Parlia- Parliament, and, on the grandest scale, add to thethan it was the preceding week. Drafts have been nel in an out of the way location, and to this he w.as to issued for the payment ©i $2,215,000; thus leaving a have been removed last night.net balance of $1,670,000.Capt. Suns will leave to-morrow with a detachmentCensus Marshals, called upon us to request us to notify casion, and without regard to the political opinions dian Act of 1858, can occupy no seats in the-House officer* of the vessel have been ordered to report on disguised as laboring men, and after waiting some manufacturers and others who may have been over- of Depretis, came at once to.terms with:him about of Commons, whispered:their protests intOvthe ears•f 50 marines for the steamship Suaquebanna. Tne the 15th,A party of detectives under the head of District At- torney ifrann, proceeded to thehouee at ab;>ut 11 p. m.the Indian Council,, who imanimously objected toTHE CENSUS.—Dr. N«rris, one of the United StateB tions. Cavour showed much patriotism on thii oc- the Government project, but, by virtue of the In- knapsack when he fell drowsy preacaily thereafter.N o n - A r r i v a l o f t h e A d r i a t i c , SANOT HOOK, Friday, Aog. 10, 1860.time for Cross to malce his appearance outside, they looked by the census takers to forward the information the line of policy to be adopted in Sicily for the stationed a giiard about the house, and. then rapped for that they should have obtained to the Census Marshal s common interest of Italy. Now that the political admission. The door was opened by the woman of the Office New-York. Those desiring to make good the question is thus arranged, and Sicily eva-^ated by house, and at the instant it was opened, Mr. Maun and delinquencies of TJncle Sam's employees will make aof some M. Ps., and so it eame that when, the Gov- ernment already considered their dodge, to be safe, a sudden Parliamentary erneute, led by Mr. Hors-They had their wine in a canteen,, which thjy per- mitted the boy, became of his tender in^xpacionce, to set to his lips, butt first! each of them in turn throwing tiu>. bead a. little, backi and holding up the v«ssel.> beijwe an'djabove his steadfast eyes, »e^if experimenting i ^ self-hypnotism, let the wine decant inioJiis op<*Qi mouth without;spilling a drop. They were going- borneonfurlough,tobainatthehayiegandgraj» harvesting. Theywereqhjtigirigenoughtoansvv* t as many qsestipna ahsut garrison life andsthe.Iir a.grave charge he makes in his co mmuhication against an officer Jn one of the np-town Wards.mentary Opposition, to Sicily, there to fill Garibal- di's place during his abhence on military expedi-Royal patronage. ' It seems that some members ofseveral other officers rushed in past the woman and up note of this. We take this occasion to express our the Neapolitan troops, we may, within, the shortest lnann, broke through tkeir intrigue in the very nick 9 There are as yet no signs of the steamship Adriatic, stairs. The house b«s but one room on a floor. There opinion, that if Brooklyn may be taken as a fair speci- time,, hear of Garibaldi's descent upon the Neapoli- of time. It is a truly ludicrous spectacle, this per- now about due, with Liverpool dates of the 31«t ult. was no Cross on the first noor.and on the second a man men of the other parts of the country, the figures col- itan coast. . There is no doubt that, should he suc- plexity of a Cabinet unexpectedly found out, andWeatherfoggy. Windlight,fromthesouth.Affray at Cleveland.was found lying on a l>ed. This man was not tae ob- lected are not worth the printing. Of three gentlemen ceed in landing in the Bay of Naples,, the throne of the bewilderment of a House of Commons frettingthe saloon of Wax. PickersgiU, on Seneca street, and off bis moustache and whiskers; but the officers bad, Shall repose in the figures relative to our district will vious letter, compared with, the exports of June, ncss of one of thej: number to a very smafl^fh/ ^T becoming troublesome,JPickersgill attempted to eject no difficulty in recognizing him, even without his be of tbe most limned character We say this far ation about this, new coalition. Now we see that 1859, there is a foiling off of nearly a million and a passenger who sat on a woman's lap opW Jtot«them, wnen one of the negroes drew a large knife and bland manner and musical voice. ' more in sorrow than in anger. It is a great pity that >.the Emperor of Austria aud the Prince Regoni of salf sterling for June, 1860.made several lounges, which took effect on Wm. Sal- The prisoner was unembarrassed and polite as usual, so expensive and so valuable a work aaonld be ruined Prussia are to bay© a personal interview on the 2(Jth, The returns for the month of June in the lastmon, a white man, who was just then passing out of remarking about the scantiness of the furniture in the through the incompetency or neglect of those amply at Toplitsv on the Austrian frontier. Prince Gor- :the door, Salmon ran a little way out, and fell dead. room, nod expressing regret that he had no chairs to pompenBated.for compiling it. • {Brooklyn Eagle. chakoff, too,, formerly the friend of. Italy and enemy' *three years nxe as follows;him, if now I prioperly can. It is a pity &*' ,£JrL should be any impropriety in reporting a. f ood a e t when, the most virtuous of tournals da' j v n J J SThe negroes n^d, but were subsequently arrested. . offer hi*visitors. Mr. Porter, the officer from whom UNCLE SAM'S POST-BOY AND. LIGHTNING DISPATCH. of Austria, uses stronger languageagainst Sardinia, 1868. 1859. ° I860. so. many bad ones, as they \& ffi?vS tbe former had escaped, became very much excited, JB10 241,488 &2b,m,Wl *?,»tf,464 bound. The child was not, andlu «ro,w s ^ L ^ ZWhere he was formerly a clerk, but left about the lath of July. Hegavebail for his appearance at a final examination next Monday.rir- nm»t*E« •*. door, the number conspicuous, and baa been the same asnow fi* Porter remarked that if the prisoner got away from a score, of yeara^ What is the matter ?d See KUffeta ¥ * ^ « 7THE STATE OF EUROPE.The Blue Book on the Syrian disturbances hav-June, 1860, 2,100,048 ewts. have been received, a»*pone his plans.On the 14th the exiles arrived at Naples, from"shams" than we, is a fact universally admitted byi —Americans. A third-class car, accordingly as tit: is traversed from side to side by eight- er teal* benches, is of forty or fifty human bodies o * 4 pacity. When arc added to so many growny* .into interfere on their behalf, and England no^vfPbg portr ©fn*mifc«^At Naples we see complete i ^^ ^ ^-> '--•>the sentimental declamations of the Decembrist jsri millions and a half s^riin^^ haverages of wild tribes, and the natural aympathr L ^n i •> ^ **Ticusyear. •'•-"'.•• ^ - - - • - « rY ¥*»wintegrity of his dominions should be guaranteed tohim. The Queen Mother and the obnoxious Min- first instance; the Eussian Empire, consequent | decided increase in the coUon imports, it wiU beof his father, tried to keep the army in his hands, get itself safe by a war on a grand serflet War PE'Jt'JBd&SX.hi aJuu .••••• >, ' together with the most important officials, in order appears to them the. only means of shifting*'off. From Our Own C«rr*»pood«n«.since Prince Gorchakoff tried to reopen the Oriental take his place in &third-class car. He will pay J lquestion by issuing his circular on the grievances o the Christians in Turkey, but his appeal, reechoedtones as many people as in the first-class, and fib»T are the people. Per contra, he will have a»jr on the ears of Europe. Even from that time Eus- cushion to his back and sides, and may sometime***only by a solitary voice from the Tuileries, fell flatsian and French agents were bestirring themselvesto bring about a Politico-religious row—the formeron the Dalmatian, the latter on the Syrian c o a s t -both movements supporting each other, since thetroubles in Montenegro and the Herzegovina com-pelled the Porte to withdraw almost the wholeTurkish army stationed in Syria,, so as to leave thearena open to the high-pitched antagonism of the thing of the kind. This is curious;' For tna^ barbarous clans of the Lebanon. The Emperor of Frenchmen arc vainer, and make greater accounttionalities dodge. The conflict Louis Napoleon pick-axeitoliny leftmost corn three several ^timetl found himself involved in with the Pope damaged between La Ferto-Sous-Jouarre and Chat***,*Mr. Favre to descant in the Corps Legislationnothing is done for, the reconqueBt of Sicily, and the impending "financial crash," and to tear'to' to Btpw away their multiform luggage, make-andlthat Garibaldi has had plenty of time for organizing pieces the flowery gauze which the Imperial Budget give room for each other, lessen the discomfort by his troops, and for maturing bis ulterior plans. The monger had thrown over the State chest. The bearing and forbearing, offer services, beg pardons expeditions of Medici, Melenchini, Cosenz, Siccoli, strictures in the Corps Legislatif. among the "chiens by the thousand at a time, stretch legs, that wouldUnder such circumstances, it is quite natural thatspirit, with which these Gallo-Franks find chink*This, however, does not satisfy the Dictator, evident thatthe Autocrat • of Franca and the Auto- generalized type of all; Its live cargo, diminished " Mr. George W. Curtis was the speaker of the even- who, when he entered Palermo, openly told the crat of Russia, laboring both under the same urgent and increased as it runs, is made up of weU-to-dstIt was with this view that La Farina, the Sicil-jectoftheirsearcb.andcontinuingonupstairs,the preeentwhenDr.Norriscalled,butoneofthemhad Bambino wouldbreakdownwithoutseriousre-fugitivewasfoundcoolysittingupona trunk, and m beencalledupon,andsofarasourinquirieshavegone, sistance. . ;his shirt sleeves. Excepting that he was divested of the work seem to have been done in the loosest posoi. While revolution is triumphant in. Italy, Austria,bis coat,he was dressed just as he was when he slipped ble manner. The census'is worse than useless it not Brussia and Russia are getting alarmed, and try t<* shows the progress, of tlie downward movement of iau war as an inquisitive traveler chose to pu> ^TCUEVSLANO, Friday, Aug, 10,1860.Last night, s-boat 10 o'clock, two negroes entered off on Saturday. He bad laid aside bis wig and shaved accurate, and we must confess that the confidence we- < top the tide. In my lust letter I gave some inform*^ British Commerce. I have singbjd out in a pre- them. But what' I most want to,tell*is ti»$V AjJand taiKting Soto a hysterical laogh. he seized Cross —On Tuesday evening hist, the writer deponitod * tetter, vHtb a i nd in favor, of the Kims of Naples, and l<ord P»i- For the" half year ending with the 30th June, the - t h e internal conflict i r r r p r e a s W ^ ^ S ^ g J bytbecollar.andscreamedout:"Oldfellow,itmakes pennystamp,hithelt>tt«r-boxontbelamp-poathifrontofBar- meston'sspeechonMondaynightwasstrong"declaredvalueoftheexportsislesshyamillionthaniatthenexttwostationshuta*aiu^^.j, JSifAllegedIHsnones*Clerk.charge of purloining letters- from ^ P o ^ ° TM ! happy o «•* him (Mr. Porter), but no* under existing wived. Mr. Carey u an old resident there, M» name ia on thesee tbe \aj.pieet man In the world to see yon. There DUW> Maneum, directed to. WlUjUun E. Carey, No. 83 Varlclc John A. Bowman, alias John ij&dsrson, was ex- Ism «ody f wanted to see worse !" , •treet, and on Wedne«dajr evening, twenty-four hoo»» afterward,enough against his former friend Napoleon. Weare on tho eve of great events, aud %European war in the same six mouths, of last yeai-;f l w doit?-how to doitt The oM ^ a n ^ S r « surmg the mother there was node/ j^erm tim J / J wCHICAGO, Friday. Aug 10,1860.amined to-day before Commissioner Hoyne, cm a To MMthe adept eaolly repked that he would be called on Mr. Carey, and learned that no letter had been re-1858. 1859. .involved all Europe in the Oriental question. France, 1 over the cotton, cotton yarn, linen, hardware, and the old protectress of the %rian Christiana, is ready. \ cutlery, iron and'worsted trade,; Even iu the ex*Vhim again lie would have to be smarter than ever./•F. HITCHCOCK, American Museum,*•</Untitled Documentin the Spring is not at all impossible—mdeed so I much the more aineethe Syrian raassacrea have again.1860. .,You are aware that the present Parliamentaryatthesnareslaidto-&«ownprofoundignorance. The declar<id value of'the exports, for last month£58,4e7,804 £63,Q03,J,5<>' &&tM$,<mThe. falling off of the last month is distributed W d h i m out »f window for tjy s p ^ o f t T a l f a••• i miP»«I• •avwhat was so spent in the *m»national manners and customs in France, let bias } little more than half as much money aud see eight ^class wise.A Frenchman is not apt to*think any^ *handkerchiefs, farmers' and mechanics' tooty.[tt^lust took the little individual in h** S r ^ l w l Sj j f / Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com«k •UMBMHMI 