 blenumber of free negroes now- in ths Steve States, whicha political existence by our recognition* With deeency we cannot, but wll- we, nevertheless That is the question. Amongst the negotiations of Mr McLane at Vera Crux, one ot his eilbrts deserves special rsonttou, and that is in favor of a low taiiff. High tariShbave cursed-and de- moralized the public service in Mesieo quite as much ashave discovered that extension, especially under their system, is not strength, but, os tbe contrary, that it weakens cohesion, from its centrifugal force3. England has repeatedly disclaimed all desire to in-terfere, bin <*'the name time 1ms expressed an earnestdeaJj, nor can itbe expected Dial business managed, if IVery wen—we can do without them. Perhaps they 3S aortaCy, aad consequently badly, wilt b* proattbi* say- not bcifcve ft Let us convmos them. Ws can hoy amy where articles that PrtUburg aonds us elaewhera, or make It st11M diffleuhy which has u a m l J M ! of tbe Southern , Shame Even coal, that universal article for which ws factories to b« u n M i e u f u ! bM testa tarth*r back than ' |pay Pittsburg heavy snms, wo can obtain nearer home, *dv management of the work* after they are completed. land get s better artteto at that. Arkansas has millions o II arises from udertakioc u> put up baikhags and equip buobels of good coal. Ho ' for Arkansas, say we. Let thetn with Moewary machinery on a scale entirely wit of us go to Arkanfas for coal, and let us go to work st once proportion to the money tubiertbed for the perpoee, aad to increase the number and variety of articles which we the company to generally burdened wh-n their buildings i make and can make st home. This is a kind of retort are fatahed with a heavy 4"**, » ) no cash to Mart busi- which will be ft* m the right a,utrter, and this is the kind ness with. We probably sbJU'd be within the bouo Is of wo propose in answer to the lltteburg election.ISTEKESrnS0 FROMMEXICO. Oar Mexico City Correspondence.Msxico, Jan. 1,18«0.tton (diplomatic) made by Mexicor,some years ago for the payment of French claimant* against this country has alre&dy beea paid off in full by the Juares govern ment at Vera Crux, notwithstanding their beggared trea awry. The Juarez government have paid tbe money likeMATTEMJNJEWOPE.COTTON UASVTkl TT'l'.R Hi CHIC AG [From the Chicago Tribune, Jan. 13. ]athe course of Lyceum lectures with great satisfaction, be cause he felt the importance of this system of lectures. In this tend public opinion is stronger than the statute—with- out it the law being a dead record; and the press—the HXRAIO and the TXfcane—more really the government than the Cabinet at Washington. That m»n does not be- lieve his own opinions who does not.listen to his opponent. The Lyceum, unlike the pulpit, and more like the press, h« welcomed as destined to take an important place in moulding the character and the policy of the nation.Mexico herself is contemptibly weak; but weak as she is, she is quite as strong for foreign war as the United States will be alter one or two more Harper's Ferry rows. In taking her present position she unquestionably has the active support of the Jesuits throughout America. In case of war she will have the secret if not the open and armed support of France—of Spain certainly. The French Minister, Mens, de Gabriac, declares France will openly aid the'monarchist party in Msxico; and although this as- sertion of his is contradicted by the avowed neutrality of tho Frrnch government, stHl we have seen all the professions of France latterly turn out quite ss fake as those of the representative of that nation in Mexico. The clergy say that they have assurances from France; and either they are deceived or we have IKen lied to by France in her avowals of neutral-The subject of the "Lost Arts'' he took up rather ss a twenty thousand bales of cotton was the amount that last corrective; for if there is any characteristic more promi-ltth inst , at Cuthbert, une^hundred ajioetgbt nasjroem make offer *#s to God. Ventilation, so youag that it ha1 were *>ul to settle to* JxyOiiiSS of Measre. W B. aiB. ii bees said to have/' lain in the cradle with Horace Mum, ljockett, railroad contra< -ua, one of who n i l * deceased. bad been im-wn lo the anoients The KgypUens ha J ven-In 7acatecas \\ oil and Vote/, have- subjected the foreign :doiti Blondin could not do it. Nothing 3ave the NEW """««K BnRAU> could do it, and you would eee the Cbrn-Ttere has probably never been oiteted.in t'eorc^a no-line*tilated the Pyramids; the*? barbarians hail even venti- lated their '.etnbe, while weot ibis excessively enlightened nineteenth-ix'iitury bad not yet lea> uui tc ventilate our dwelling h*i.'*s. Arago says they hid steamboats; that when L'lyrees was carried home to Iihcoa In a ship which had neither oars niir sails, it must have been acommerce to the mobt atrocious exactions. Well was the iliat to lay IIUJ plaoe under contribution, in the nameOut of;tho one Hundred-anaof "iaw and order."Ho forced the foreign merecutnls toI pradict a year's life u> this magazine, snd then the bantling will uie of neglect and being overlain, like onethe negroes, white on his way to this city, to a wagoner planter, at $1,600 each Ths snsptctoni of the purssr having become aroused, on his arrival here he laid circumstances before the Mayor, who pot the police the track of the scoundrel, and ho was arrested by King some Utile distance below the city, on toe Bar Ferry road, having takes Harm at the delay of purchaser in meeting his appotntment for the conclo- of the trade. It is stated that he bad a confederate the affair, who made his war to Savannah— A iyW«} ChnmtcU, Jtm. 14.Wendell Phillips on the Lost Art*.The hall of the Athenaeum, in Brooklyn, was ailed si an hour Tuesday evening, to listen to the twelfth of the•f Mercantile Library lectdres, delivered by Wensnd degrading msult given to Mexico by the United States irerne measures, sad these at the very moment when Mira- Alfred B. Richer Jg, Esq.. st the Reunion literary ClJb, such ss Eastern or fairy tale never rtrssmsd, of. Ha*mon will be attacking Vera Crus from this side by land on the oaaastoa ef tbe annual supper. James Low*, erimt de to errme is bearded up for this season. OstoaVThis tope has caused the clergy to agree to the conven- editor of MM Critic, was to tbe chair. There were pre- tteiers, farriers, eculpeors, workers ta ehstmeaVrfc, tow***- It IBhers believed the United States are too Stupid to tion, and it a said that some of their ministers of govern- lets, ttlverssxttlM, tmpisn*rt, silt mere*rs,toy warehoncar,apologise, snd therefore a war most ensue. It Is argued ment have interests in the swindle. Mow, if Fraud* he sent at least one hundred members of the Club, together snd venders of porcelain, of baquetry, mirror eetabUeh>n l..t o! uegroea at one ucae-eight, only tea were cnatdrea »ud twettty-nv* wociea, i M"the remaining seventy three men, see w u sixty >ear»old, aniTtuer thirty seven, and none of the beUneeoeerth.r'ty two years old. The terms were I-JMO, ami theprices paid were enormous. The aeersgB ot the sahrw tteamboau biirope indented eaual3 '200 years ago.sale « u %l.86*- A meeaaaia brought SuI.fiM). Toedtm China baa had them 1,000 years, ant Egy.l-says, hush sell on the 'Jinn ult. A-tjoiulemtsa jost down frem Zaca-previous, Monday, tieneial Janiee Vv. AriuiHrunft soUV. children, I' have bad tbem 5,MX) jears 'Toe re us onetec«*s say? there is naw- Lot one single adherent of the el" icy in that State, and that it is-only held in ?sbjectiou by brute force, and thore is whore tbe clergy are so much superior to the liberals They have the brute force, and the talent, to direct it< The will, of the nation rs -.mijues- tionably with tbe libor-als, but Uiey want one great mantoThe while northern country is-anti clergy. V'tAta Vtoil iMered Zaca'eeas several of the banished friars re-eighty on* negroes at Uoutoiuui*. ti:«ty w«jnti ituwrdi- nary coiectioa. jost uoch JLA- vould b» gMuu/ed on » f i e u - tauoa. There were about twenty men, ute touiiwaJec- be.LK women aad childrea. Tbe average waa al>V<JU Several o*the men brought '>v*r giWM) -A sir; ot »i»>.-*a years brought *l,46o, and another a Uiaie >cung.'jr al>'4a. The terms were one and two jeaaV crodw, wita mlurvstadded \u the face of the LOWEMIGRANTS PKOJi. VA3*A»:BKTSXIT*.built as early aa3ioses, <M) mil-s loug, 140 Ceti wvi^ and 'about 40 ioet deep; and it is stated in history that they put in uluieee, or gaUP .io pass fron le^el te level —so that they ha4 locus us- well as canals. Then they had railways. TnebeB was an inland to*n, aad yo» it bad a trade wiC» tluaa; aud there si ill exists a ;-oad constructed with square blocks of stone so placed as te form an artificial level, and grooved for the wheels, as in thodanger to liberal institutions on the American continent. The country as it "a-new, and ao-it i» certain to remain under tho dir(-cti>:»of its own governments, is good for for nothing for either Americans, •Coglisb. other foreigners, or even the natives tlHtroselvts. !t is snlapsing into bar- barism and fast approaching a. period when it will cease to be a rafe abode lor-ci ,-ilized man.!e*eiy reserved the copyright of his lectures in America,jubilee, snd it is difficult to say whether they or the "chil- dren of larger growth ' arc-the happier ubile it lasts. I could wish no American a more agreeable relaxation than a week's holiday in Paris at the Jour de I An.Prince Jerome lias entirely rallied, anu no further bul- letins will be issued. Tbe Duchess ot Hamilton bad a looc; interview with bi£ imperial Highness yesterday, andspeaks of his recovery as one of the mast extraordinary on record. AH inf-^muiatiou has left biza, and aitlKHigh. considerably enfee'ated by the Bevere remedies he has. submitted to, the Prince gives todicatioss-af makings run- tu&g fight of it for ifew more years.M. Rothschild hc» just male his r.nnnal gift of 30,000> kilogrammes of bread to tbe admtai^lretion of Public As- sistance, to be distributed among the poor of tha» capital.Madame Pencc^ having recovered from ber illness* and the new tanor, Guiguni, api^aur to night ta ' I I Puritani."Scandp", Jn High Lifs In France. corNr DE aorsY AMD COUNT mourn is A DIVOECBscir.[Paris (Dec SO) correepondenca of London News.}The e-xtraor jinary divorce case of Count tiigeon baa terminated in -..decision against hire, by the Court of Ap- peal on every point, and will probably be folio red by a prosecution fcr forgery. When I shortly mentioned Una matter a rew days ago, I only knew that tne Court had prohibited ray report, on acco-.ml of the sname of Count de Morny taxing been pronounced by 1L Jutes Kavre; that U. Berryer, counsel for Madame Xigeon, had cuiused Count Mige- a of forging tbe date ef a letter received b y him from Count de Morny, anl.that M. Jules Fa\ ro, who wss ill in ted, bad written to 24, Devienne, tbe Use* pre- sident of the Imperial Court, requesting that a dip mightpresent Paii.-iau roads. Stephens says be hut seen th" turned with him, but :n»y wore hooted out of the oity by A white man, sa>« the aitrdord IV«w of tne lTth inst., same thing ta GentrsJ America. Mr Hoblis went tj the lm.u boys.foreign intervention, singly^, if the bailed Siat«H wish it, ,ir combined will*^.nglaud ir dee.fable, and with France adaed if politic. Either of these powers, singly, is able to furnish the means of establishing a stable governmentJs*«, the Juxtnilc c.Td the Servants—Z&netin the Oity ami M<*rTV Faces—Spl-.isdor of the Stc.es—Presentations a"NEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, JANUARY 22, 1860./r;•in the extreme, Happy Ihe stranger who re- t h e first t*mewhole city seems to stag with she votes ef melody, every one tit It appearing te tr» but for the day thereof. For three or four days wear* tbe oM year passes into tho abyss of Ms many predecessors, sadPhillips, Esq.He commenced by remarking that he took his place in sayiog it must be done. Now, is this all senseless talk?We have recently laid some stream upon the fact thatj oar passed throesh this city to Eastern manufactories, nent than another In our age, it is self conceit. He al- ity on the Mexican question. It is excessively diScult tosriests arc horrified at this symptom of the times, snd are Shakspcre's name upon the great American people. He peacock camt-vor tb" imperial h*i<!s were bodily beforelocking In here from the surrounding- towns With all alluded to a burlesque lately produced upon tbe British you, u»rtt g tt tlr cul'e.l bea.-is aad Hashla* their brightluded to the Gecman, who always took off his hat with tec through this quetr business, but I must say things aptheir tricks, the priests are discovering that public opinion stage, wherein tbe effigy of tbe bard was made to rise upwho gave bis name as Jrrederic Woc>dmj.u. and wno cuue London ai<d picked the Chubb ti. BK. iaah lock; Mr Ma*.hew, in the ;ienie oS his govonimeitj has pre-trom UreenfleU, Mam , wuh, hts w»T« aa,i chi.d. received! but Braaaab and Chubb both concede that the priuciple sented a very hain"aome gol-A watch aud chain to Med.the hospKaUties of the e ty at the SOAUOU house tast ni^ot of that look, was borrowed from an igyptmi 1'Jck 2,aUd Gourgt-s, for the services sho *ndered at Tacub&yalo the in Mexico; but o:»ly the United State3 is capable of doing Hu. wife is a smart, neat teoklug. coWeo IUI. o,'..te uark- years oX. The Lancaster system o' mutual instruction, vitirus ot that horriNe na»ftsa.i*e, and for coming forward it without exciting jealousies, and, excepting England, not'ewi—Descripti) n sf S>me of the Ladies'Booths Jar the Self of Wares—Aristsoratier*iiliariiir* of t * French Charcots*—Prince Jeronr.'i Meahh—Gift fronjs Jew, dk.Ihe great, great ^ay of the year--the Jotr de VAn—iaiset bearing dowti.upon us, and in auoth?r forty ei-Utand iue child is about "alt iu»d ah." They come iroan : Ma»=Ajhusetts, where amalg&nuUipu rxvlitics Uib-elypre< t vail 'which made such a. noise eighty yeufs ago, was l,'2ot) other power can intervene in Mtr.ico witbout insuring u yeais aid HIM* the-hanks of the i.r.n ,ua. Tectotalisin, so uolly-ai.l1 giving. Ser teKtmony to the American Coo- tuture colhs'ou af races, mora bloody if not more diss" quite nawand not stall perfect jet, had beea known in pul, setting forth the facts oS Jihat barbarous transaction trous than the pri lent civil war.The prest nt ts a viry neat J * « ; and certainly never wat*Hiudoitan lor a hundred generators \uimai magnetism a mark ot esteem Hasd unen anyone wha • siorited H The Echeme of an intervention is sot only feasible bu'.B&ND1N0 VKCK0KST0 l'UE IT-S'.TKN flAKY BY WUOLKf and sptriUal rappiitgs were as old as ttut Dei^bic oracle. tm i J than this kindhe<wo?d and noblo old lady. exceedingly lasy of execution, and, planned by men of in- 9 \ LS The water cure w u knowu is long ajc us the days of Au- Her danng and disicurMfttednees would adorn any telligence, would relievo the United States from all risk cli.Ac./mhte|iimimlin,Mr. Myers proved saUsfacurtly a»- hut to cheat them aud overawe them. Our arts so ild this case was a msnster that disgraced the world.the party that he was ant the person they had taken him. not be thus lost, because the printing press, the only; great Mi. Wagviw, the Prussian Minister to Mexico, has not for The* stated that they had by some means learned discovery of modern timas, had made it impossible' It was arrwad hers yet. Be was at laid dates waiting at Jalapa that Lcgan designed g e n e • » » ' <*>• mountain on that day,our paeeent anarchy.AN ENGLISH REDDEST.eating the other's tail. Everybody is made poorer, and ral Qis popularity au -,ag the electors w t j unbounded. It wid be remembered last after having cue* oeen elect-and as he (Myers) answered to the description they hid reeeivou of the person of Logan, they were conttdont when they took htm (Mywrs) that they had bold, as they said. of a "scoundrel, wboss body shookl be catiu ten thousand pieces Our informant states that Mr. Myers was re-leased imdwr aronuas that be would say nothing ahcul bis arrest that weald reach the ears of Logan.DA«Tajtm.T ooraaun BY A SBORO.A burly negro, named Wm. Ftuaugh, was arrested in Cincinnati on the l t t h i t s t , charged with bargtenouidy entering ths housoof Joan Hageny, near tbe corner Of Front and Rone streets, ana brutally boating a youngremarkable that printing had not been earlier knearu. In for a fair chance to slip through witbout being robbed. Nineveh bricks had be«a found 4,000 years old, stamped Ha expectations are doomed to, disappointment, such ssnone r»eher, except the happy shopkeeper< who receives the a-jney in lieu of nia wares.Cf course all sorts, of contretemps oonaatenaUy take plaae in this exchange af presents, snd ic has occasionally navy officers being entirely insufficient to meet necessary br^Bcned that s r*i t;*., after his itreme tut passed throughed aaa. government ca&didate, the govercjaeet, for rea- sonstviiichdid not cteirly appear at the urial, withdrew itnpalronage fr« m kUn, at>d that ir- i as twice tnum- pc^ialii returned in spito uf a meet unasrufwlous opposT- Sion on the part of tfcy prefects and o«has functiouartes of Uw Hii.t Rbin. Altar, the last e»l««:tion \*e was prosecuted aad sentenix;>i to tla^and unprtsonmer^ter illegally wear-tered the boose by a window mat opened into the atria room, and appwnahlag the side of her bed, mid his hand upon her person. The young girl screamed, at which ths viKian caught her by the hair, and dragging her out of bed admtabtered n series of cugb ana kicks that lefthe doss not make known to h * fella* men.TheBreohlynPoliceanaStreetAssaults. TO TUB KMTOR 0* THB HBBAU).Complainm are frequently made to the police, hut with- out effect, of the assaults and abuses to which respectably *»*m*d tbildren are almost daily subjected at the hands<* juvenile rowdies in various parti of Brooklyn, Fre- quently the litUe skit hs, skates snd oaps of young bays areseisedupon^^j^twmy ^^ Dytbesegrowingssn- dl !al*s for stag ftng. But oas of the most recent out- rages, committed en imaurday morning test, to Jsy street, snalailof teoyearsof age, oehpses aO the acts of pettyed. In which a North American was taking the lead. tt. but it must be remembered that they havo-turns out the party "all got drunk together," and the tben reached their ultimate positions, and that thereafterNorth American, just like tho rogue, who is a blscksmlts no age or length of service can in any way increase their deprive him of it. Bold would.be Use employer whe, on proposed to tree Mexico from t i e clergy. This was re- rank or emoluments. Whereas in case of Lieutenantsportedbythewaitertothepolice—sndpresto,thewhole thedcorisopentorpromotionuptothecommandc:ararty were carried off to prWon, where most of them re- squadron, with a large, comfortable cabin and all tiieelected by tba uidei^-noeut VCUA of the d'-ptnawut- it was lli"-ig,'aj a tia: i caee. and puti"; : i> a^aiujr was wMh hire Lafet susf-ou n- «*at uxp-dlel the iipuon_ in 8] .te oi ar. eloquent pnU-.t J;, M Km le OUirier aguast the oangercos pre-<• -dent CI-IJ>'«-OII Uie grej .i.\i laat he wai>utiwor'^yWaitinii. c;»u»*ioccas.uua-',wo*,was maJ*'to a ln-iter wntu-nby i. u t-i tue K n ^ w , whicisirIisiwiniiTT'rafterwhichbesodfromthehouse THI flTTMChO TBAM W MXW 0RUUM3.annualtribute;forifheescapedpaymentinmealhemain iMcosMmModo. Besides this conspiracy we have not perquisites. Again, the writer, in stating the long term would—to -jse an old English adage^—scarcely do so in was rut suflc public, but tua cmt cU a utiich, »,< itTne New Orleans Bulirtw, having read in aa exchangh that ths rswanltnas ticket was elected In Pittsburg, thusloom reeding the shove item yesterdty.it occurred to -a tteu we had seen a good many articles lying on theof snmjimss stores te New Or , and wo concluded for the curiosityreOrteaivery •*****?• Whad another one for days. Marques Is still ta limbo, and of veers which lieutenants hava been in the service does malt—the amployt managing to destroy property con-Will he s>-n, have now truiaptredthesoy trivial ground, should abstain from presenting this/«r*tf Bopa (f a Monarchy— Chance of a War wUh\the honest men, not making any excuses such ss the clergyUnited StaU-i-A Nm Organ to AdmaU it-Minmm'i do, to rob foreigners, sad give cause for new reclama-Triumph* aver General* Falle and JeeaoS Mnp>-t.t*d At Uncs. The strict compliance of the Juarez governmentOsr London CtfitisnnsjsVaee. IJSSOOS, toe *>,Disasters to Steamship in the Past rear-Literary anda Literary Mmmim Hnrn. ********m a .Progresstruth if we ssserted thai four out of flse of the factories•reded ta Georgia or the rteuth have undergone that ex-perience. Wtih Una state of affairs existing, tbe companycannot bay da raw material k> advantage to b*gin with,trecover of tbe Vera Crus government just ss he hasbalance due on the old convention, wluonare cesteteted. This cots off a par centage at oota aads, station No It Central Railroad (Darisboro, Washington The war fever has suffered no abatement since the de- sms reduced to MO.OCOnt the close of **<******* sad very remarkable; some tares or four o? tbe finestmencemeet aad failure in the end. We do not know a able together, that Jordan had recently arrived in Sa- day as " impending," ss « unavoidable, ss • politic," te- throws into greater dhvace the TMTM***F°^'*'5*r tbroogb a legion of I factory ta Seorgia which has bad plenty of meant to con vannah, by steamer from New York, and bad made his the French government In AsnerioajWtoch, wjteteit stead in consequence of misconduct or toeompeteacy of the variety such ss beggars deesdue* he tssstaees that has not taraed (air din-leads. The way into the interior as far as the point above mentioned. In the gossiping circles the war is regarded as a thing lastly favois absolute ideas, never tor oae moment loses commanders, and oae or two of these told their ribs factory at Macon, which, by the way,is a perfect model, He prevailed en the negroes to accompany him, with the already accomplished. The "bad faith"of the United smttof the almighty dollar. The now ndditioots to he and keels on tbe iron bound coasts of North Amorita.aad being preee-d for money, the goods have to be sold, to Jail, charged with having stolen two likely negro men,A monarchy in Mexico is now the vision of the clergy, snd ihe way to get it is by a war with the United States.twelve months. year, they may, teased, be said to be perSwtry i It has base s disastrous year in steamship* navigation,no matter what is the state of the^market, as soon as tbey the property of Mr. Salomon Newaom, reeieingat or nearwas on too extensive a scale for the amount subscribed, and bid fair to raa the same coarse of others which had started under similar ctroomsmaoes. The stock- holders, however, seeing the danger likely to arise from h, instead of selling out their interest, aad thereby bring- ing dacredit on tbatr enterprise, stepped forward and in creesea the stook snaVtieatiy to enable it to go on witbout ambairisaniiat Another fast may la stated about this factory, to rafale the generally entertained opinion that we have not the managers here to Conduct suchWhen ths Meooe factory was first started, Kthe control of s man brought from New England at a high salary; bet he sooa convinced the owners that he did o x understand war people, sad would not answer for the ptece. A Georgian, born sad raised, was then ap- pointed at ha luotmsor, a position ha still occupies with credit to himself aad satisfaction to ths eompany. Ttts aaaaal dividends are ton per cent, and we believe that •very yard of goods that is made is setd an ths spot. This is not the only case of this kind to Georgia. Mr. Barring- ton King manages a factory at Roswetl with marked sac cent. The Augusta factor*s are slat profitable, we be- lieve Hut It baa not been our object to sbew what fac- tories in the State pay dividends, ss much ss to show that the reason why they don't pay is entirely within our cootiol Every one Wtoo apt to attribute a failure to any cause which does not touch themselves, or bring the calculations they make into question- We are reaay to believe that labor Is too high to manamsture successfully, and therefore adopt It as a consluaton, without giving the matter a thought Convinced by experience that we can cuatf te with the North In this branch of Industry, it be- comes us to make ourselves Independent of her by pur- suing it.understanding that he was to sell them for the highest Steles, to recognizing snd treating with Juarez, has brokaaABBOT OP A MBOBO ThTIBr.A man giving his name ss William Jordan, from new/ York, won arrested to this dry yesterday sad committedveution being paid, he has now Just completed aa additionto it, of something over $460,txt), and this ho proposesthe taking away of Captain Baynton's sertlfiosto for love to army themselves in honor of IFrom the place St AaJstae to tbe portiarof the I aad Is almost a guarantee for embarrassment at the earn county). It appears, from the information we have been parture of the last rati 1. The Journals speak of it every rate. The new addition te one of those <tortof«rasdsthat steamers ta the British mail service bare beea wrecked Ifi'sc.s dlstaaee of sense three or fourOovrget—Brutality of Marque*. eV.can only be atoned for by a humble apology or by blood.Steles are losing then- own central attracting power, and therefore their influence abroad, a Roman Catholic mon-$2,C00,000 of French reclamations If the " addition" dodge tells to bring Vera Crux into the bands of the clergy, these reclamations are to be pressed at once against theexhibition after saotber. Perhaps saw of tbe moat attractive of these nobte msasafas.aUgMssiitog aator the rtroog gss burners, Is the Cbmpagnle Lyennatee, ea tnearchy iB Mexico is not only a thing of easy accomplish- Vera Crus people. Gabriac- says Vera Crus must be con- ment, but that it bss become a great necesity for ths sidered tbe treasury ef tbe nation. If he be supported,Lover, Esq. (Bory O'Moore), was oas of the oasssset,snd stated afterwards that tt was tbe second most de-lightful evening be had ever sensed. I can only re- Boulevard des Capaetaee, watch denghts to array ttaett tabenefit of conservatism in America, snd it is the duty of alt good Catholics to throw their influence in favor of that scheme. An oilicitl declaration cannot be given until the return of Mtramon, but all the papers are every daytae French government will give •.vary bad proof of thoir neutrality.The loyal authorities of this capital are preparing a tri- umphal entry for their hero President, Mirsnion, now ex- pected to arrive here tomorrow. The affair will be the grandest one of the season. R is to cover one whole day, and they say Miramon will move at once upon Vera Cruz; SS that it is more than probable my next tetter to you will tad its way out of the country by rampteo, as within the next ten days Vera Cruz must be cut off from here, unless Juarez and Miramon come together, which may happen, although I think the tendency of the times is to carry tbe war on not only to the extermination of the constitutional- ists, but to the waging of a devastating war upon the United States.Viil.dva has recently committed some acts rather shock-ing to tbe nerves of the clergy. Six days ago be entereda small town ln the district of Cuantla, and after layingcontributions on the populace, sacking tbe churchesand smashing the various saints that adorned them, hequietly allowed his soldiers to kill two of the priests Themember some of lbs names. Robert, otherwise Bob Breugh. Frank Talfottrd, Godfrey Turner, Alfred Mellon, Byron the dramatist, Toultns the art critic, reviewer, jouraslist sad historian (tbe spoilt favorite of tbe Club), Geotge Augustus Sals, Btanchard, Colonel Addison, Hoi hogshead, Ernest Hart, Durham tbe sculptor, Morgan John O'Connell, Pliny Miles of New York, and many others were present. The music was delightful, and em- braced tbe services of G. Pernn,one of the finest tenors of the dsy, Herr Lntser, Lazarus, Grattan Cooke, Ac, Ac.Lover sang two of his newest ballads. One on the Eng- lishman's double barrel (beer snd rifle) was exceedingly neat, and the singer gave it with good voice and perfect taste. Mr. Lever is now seventy years of age.Tbe Chairman proposed "the Club,", to a clever s a d hu- morous speech, and the Vice Chairmen "Literature." la this speech Mr. Richards dwelt forcibly on tbe effect ornrw/nificent mantra** de O/nrt, as appropriate merchaa din for a season.Tbe Emarrss bss gives aottoe that on tbe dsy fsltow - ng tbe Jour de VAn she « ready te receive at the Palace of tte Tuilertes sll testes who saws been prefteusly pre- sented, provided they are adornen wtih this proper court sppeMsge. Tbe Compegnie Lyonnalse, therefore, which exhibited st tbe great Industrial Exhibition to 1SU some splendid specimens of that courtly wear, comes owl oa tbe pruent occasion wwh some neb samples, which al-most dessle tbe eye to behold.There is one I observed ef crimson velvet, all interwo-ven with gold brocade, snd (rinsed with s golden thread five inch3 to depth. It can scarcely measure lees than four metres anc s half to length, wed must require a small corps-d'armee to support it.I remarked another similar, but the gold embroidery was on a while siik brocage. Phere were many others beside of risti flowered silk, and ail BOdaintily arranged that as they tell from their peuestal*—tbe apex of watch was cunningly made to repie-*-m the short wai*ts which are no«- the •»«ci ilx d nuvie—obe rat^ht almost fancy thepriuctpaUy (Tom Memphis, one of the largest and bestcotton marts of the tteulh. And ties circumstance, to-gether with the fact that an average of about four dollarsper bine m paid as freight, to place this raw material iathe hands of Eastern manufacturers, ws have unhesitat-ingly urged as Inviting the attention of capitalists to the fuie arts, especially painting, sculpture, poetry—we French jurist ol ability, the Marquez de Sard. This paper •ne day's stay. The natural limits ef the clergy evoked were hostilities about to commence b>»twer i Eog ret/vet. ohitli ai» ""tit c>i.-tom privileges to come forthcoiomeuce on this side of the lakes and iu our ownmarket the product of fabrics of the cheaperclass and save freight both ways of Iho distance betweenus au-l the seaboard. It Wdl be done. The temptation is to compare him with a Homer or a Phidias. is a charlatan, that Gabiiaa is a lying kuave and the ffeese roving clergy slayers are men too demoralised to mortal fame. I was glad to note the applaus - t*i*tr frt j ic iit-sl. wild a friu.uge varying from ehi-to twenvy feet.too real and pi acucal not to win loot practical solution He then gave illustrations of the antiquitythat shall give us busy looms sod spindles on this aide of of Irish bulls and newspaper J»kes, which ware, some ofthe I tires. And as we are not to despise the day of small them, older than tho New Testament. Herodotus hadthings, we may welcome say enterprise here that tends once been considered the Father of History. At a laterin the direction of reducing toe raw material of cotton to period be had been considered as the Father of Lies. But ha* again triumphed over very superior forces, posted in Arrcmberi in the second. Although defeated, it would " The Mtdical Profession and tbe Sciences' was sxtnw the gusrdiansbip of the police Fortunatcty they have some one of its numerous tones of utility. Not long since now, ss our knowledge iucreased, and explained his state the strongest natural positions in the whole country. With appear that Valle and Rocha were not completely broken rably responded to by Mr. Ernest Hart, one of the most net io conf' out the intense cold to wbiih Paris bee hwet*r a German, in the North Division, commenced In a small mente, unlike many stocks now a days, be was going up tome four thousand men he has beaten Valle and Kucha, up, as at firsT reported, and it Is said they will be able to promising pathologists of the day. been subjected. The weather is so mild that to day Iway, and with foot treadle power, the manufacture of cot- lo par, and becoming again the Father of History. As an two of the best officers of toe constitutionalists, with over move on Guadalajara as soon as the clergy forces Then the club presented, by the hands of the Chair- met many of the persons promeuadiag carrying the* ton batting. He little enterprise, has grown on his hands, illustration of this, be spoke of the statement that Ar- five thousand men, located in positions of their own selec- are drawn off for the Vera Cruz campaign. A man, Mr. Lowe, testimonials to Messrs. Lewy and Bates, bats in their bsnds. The streets, too, have at length giveaseen is ot remarkable excellence -Chicago Tribune, Jan. 13. been found in the ruins of Pompeii. In China glass But ten times fire hundred have not done it, mon is fairly before Vera Cruz the whole interior will tumblers had been found/which, wheu empty, appeared although beaded by Valle and Rocba, the formerMOVIMKTTS OP PUOITIYB SLATES.S un the Rochester Democrat, January U.Jmay a good looking colored man, thirty yearswhich they efle t sales. But the prices are MssdtatI was sorry te miss, amongst other good things, two or tie-fetores abuin ant. Toys there are of every conceiv- like a common tumbler, but when tilled with a clear fluid, the meet popular native officer to the whole liberal army. agsin be swarming with the red blouses from the frontier three songs from R Brought who is the prince of good able febape and form and variety. Lilliputian machineryOo Canada.Letters have been received from Kites, the man from svneehag, who recently came to this place. He foundRusjtii had showed to an audience a scarlet margin, Qve t>u to silence the opposition of Gabriac; but that has failed, 0 Apropos of Albert Smith,some v.-jeke i wight h n spread hundred years old, and said we could net make so bright (iftbnac has got tojether between one and two millions of regarding this country. You will excuse me If 1 omit to a report that his Ulnt-s was feigned, Iv see what the world a eoler, or one to last Ave years A third illustration was French claims, sad it is said he will try to- adopt the burthen you with a long detail of documentary proof in would say, and to get a holiday. I could pardon it,appeared to contain flahes. Malleable glass, according toindependent records, bad been assarted to have beenUirsmon has cut his way through the barrancas of Atcn- queque anl Beltcan. and arrived on the 22d ult. in Coltma. The details or this defeat of the constitutionalists so tarand Northern States.A person who has jnst arrived from the North informsfellows, with s heart big enough to supply the whole offor carptntery, railways, upholstery, Ac ; geometrical in- struments of incredible cionpnes"; gingerbread by the tea; oranges by tbe million ; glass aad porcelainclergy are ail fools, but it looks aa if they were not such, aad that we are only verdantof age, quite well dressed and tntethgent, reached this maue. He spoke of different kinds of glass being united,city from Norfolk, Vs. He wis owned by Johu Talbot, evidently by melting one over the other, the edges only reach us through the reports of the victors. With they will be stronger than ever." This certainly is tbe This club consists of between 2C0 and 806 members, ornaments, Etatioucry, counterfeit Jewelry, coate,in that city, and served bis master by driving a dray— being perfectly distinct The stained glass of three all due allowance for party exaggeration we still find the very funniest country under tbe sun,when compared with comprising much of the working wit and talent of Lon- received therefor food, clothing and lodging, bat without centuries ago was far superior to that of the constitutionalists were beaten most thoroughly. It is •11 others. Gvil war has become the normal oonditiou in dou. It consists of authors, Journalists, dramatist!, art- liberty to go or come, except st bis master's pleasure. One present day. Egyptian glass had been nis- mortifying to be forced to witness such entire want of which this country exists, and from which it will never be i.-ds, actors and singers, and includes in the number many day he had an opportunity,to make a sea voyage m a ves- { taken for gems. An ictereewag inquiry ts whether talent as exists among the military men of the liberal free until that blessed day when the country shall be un- mtinhere of the learned professions. There are severalhate, brufhfs, balloons", Ac, kc ,kr.: Tbe din these petty *>s\rchands keep tip. ss they discourse oa the besaty and especially the cheapness I their wares, Is like that of* Babel, and how th»y find lungs to support tbe continual Strain is s mystery.('oiib)e row all along the western side of tbe tm&Hr. The children are home for the Christmas hoii-lsye. aad every- when arc seen buzzizig,like tiies in summer round a hooey pot, ever the various attractions eif the barreqyte*. The parents may, on the contrary, b* seen making their way !n*» thoso aristocratic t»-rople«— for they can he termed nothingit-ss— tacred to tbe maoufactshe of cbeoolate, aad pressing thmogb the crowd of mcumerable votaries who throng the way, to efleet tljur various purchases for the Mmriel'in, which will come forth s^-pefikss surprise* It is no easy otlice to accompi^b, tor the shops are full to the dof.rway. anei, in spite of the most energetic good will OB tbe part of the pretty shop women, many are> obliged to ;osipone th"ir purchasee till another day. The falrvpit de ckucvlat if a fpeoaltU, and though, ia the splcn • "dor of Ms va'-e?, crrbriVut and beautiful boxes it rivels, and, toaeeriate degree, much resembles, the ma^mdeeet store-sel trading to Norfolk, and went on board. The pobea the ancients bad the microscope and uie telescope. It atmy. who are so vain and so conceited. It is a pity that der a different rule than that of the mongrel Mexican. searched the vessel, and his heart quaked as he lay was supposed that Jupiter's satellttes had never been seen a cause sush as the liberals of Mexico have has not bettersnuglv concealed) but he was not discovered. When he ! until a few centuries ago, when a spectacle maker had it> defenders, for if it be left to them it most perish snd fall reached New York he narrowly escaped falling into the j vented the telesoope. No, they had been aeon by ihoi> into utter contempt before long.clutches of the man hunters, who are there found, lilt* ' sands of eyes long before that. Be proceeded to quote Miramon is expected back here before the 10th instant,sharks, sharp est forprev of any kind, and ready for a j statements from history seeming to- indicate conclusively and sll the arrangements are made for his immediate de- Sketch of the A dual Cmditkm sf tht Oountry—Absolute Xe- old athenaeums, and. such like fossil repositories of use 1- splendid equipages which, void of their owners, form afee, to send back the fugitives to slavery. At Albany he that the magnify irig glass and the spy glass ha 1 been scent upon Vera Cruz. A portion of the military train cesiily for foreign Intervention—Catholic Intriguts for jp intellects. It is not wealthy, but rich in sosl. It is not actually fell Into the hands of one of these gentry—a po- ', known to the aucieuts. There are wetks of the ancients, has already teen despatched to Jalapa and Robles, Ne proud, but exclusive, inasmuch as no haughty airs andUceman, who saw him st the station, where he obtained j tlie EitoJAiAnent of s Monarchy—Expected Attack o: Mi snobbish graces are allowed. | sarved in figures so minute that a magnifying glass was grete and others are organising forces for the campaign.a nights lodging. The officer hearing his simple story, | requisite to distinguish them; and if sa, a magnifying glass The French Minister has all Us preliminary arrangements ratron on Vera Cru*—French Influence and Financial Thackeray is not a member, nor Mr. Dickens, nor Albertres©i v«i If there was any money to Be made by a rendition j must have been requisite to form tb.««t Aud tne testi-of the black man to bis master, he Would get it. But in I meay is that they used ' artificial :;:ma" in their work. this be was foiled by a humane lawyer, who loidhim how Another illustration ol a lost art, is il:e immortal color ofmade to commence harassing Vera Crus about the French reclamations so soon a3 the French fleet arrives, which, H is supposed, will take place very soon, if, indeed, thePressure on Jnores, dte.As a person bsving some pecuniary interest in Mexico—Smi'h, nor was the late Lord Macaulny. The first two are, I am told,/hot particularly wasted; the third, s capital fellow. Is, or was until hit sad illness,to answer questions, and gave him a chance to try the the ancients. Modern artists have n»>t yet succeeded In vessels are not a'ready at Sacridcios. The vera Ous go- amassed here after a long residence—I cannot resist the too busy, snd the fourth attained fame and celebrity be- virtues of "leg ball." The young fellow is now on his way flnd&gotit how Raphael and Titian obtained their colors. vernment have paid off to full ail of the Freasb Oonven- temptation of giving you some facta snd speculative ideas fore the Reunion Club was started.employment ta«rimsby, C. W , in a blacksmith shop, and metal* The anciei is bad seuie way of hardening brass Jecxer $15,000,000 loan to the clergy, aad endeavor to substantiation of tbe following propositions, known well were it true, and so would the public. We all remember, waved so handy at the torse sad horse loot, that he was , eVred $1 per day aad board for Sis services. This he t Mai* better than board, and slothes and todgtisf, and no r, eedoai to do what he would with his dwm The very t aimer, he says, seems to saw a different rap;, now ne be » freeharder than we could mane iron, and could make it as torcv the whole batch upon the constitutionalists. Thethe-etory to the Arabian Niahtr, wherein the Sultan's fa vorite and his wife, the Su'tana's favorite, feign death alternately to obtain fresh-gifts from their patron and patroness respectively. In thai way, Albert might have get tired of his daily meed of fame, and have wish- ed te start a new stock by a eeup de theatre. No such luck, 1 *eer.l d » s o t think that the C.erWU Magazin: will succeed, in spite of tbe enormous pcJing which has ushered the hrst number into the world-It is said that £600 has bean given to Sate for twelve artieles! Witbout questioning anything which pays authors so well, I want to know how the dutoesi of "Trol- lops," the worst thing ever written by the otherwise iB'mitable Father Prout, Thackeray and. water of the late strength or weakness, rnd lucubrations of oil Crimean fogeys spon "Defences" will ever pay at this price? It won't pay. Fifty Macaulays could not have done it, with fifty peerages to boot Fluskeyism cannot do it, even in the colossal frame of Tltm&rah. Smith and Elder can't do it. Yon r-ould hardly do iten America. F-anurn couldn'tF B I I> I writer in s Nashville paper has eempile*) (fee proba-SV0BOB8 Sr TO*SOCTH.He quoted the contest between Kic a n t and Sa- laddin, in> which Richard cut tho bar of iron, but Saladin drew his scr.netar across a dowry cushion andU aMai f'and tw.ooo Tcnnossee. 8,000 divided it and then severed his scarf as it floated In theWul aco.CCO. distributed as fellows.—Virs tela tiO.OOw Georgia : ,.. .3,000 air. As t>the mechanic arte, if the ancbate knew onlyNon. i Caroline. Debjv. **rv Lomei ma KeututWy&>,00u Mneusfopi20,000 Alabama.. .20,000...3,000 the five raseaanical powers—the pully, screw, &c—how_ .3,000 could they have moved immense masses or atone, weigh- v„.l,-M0 ..1,000 -1,000the army or clergy. They have gv.ym rise to the contra- desire to see Mex'on subject to G**me settled government, band trade, and that syat-wn of veu-sity which, starting in •ot only for the interests of her own subjects—watch aregreat—but also for the great good that would arise for commercial interests throughout tbe world, and for the sake of humanity and civilization.their own in the ra3tef the Nort^tAinerican continent. I reerct to believe that the intrigues of M. de Gabriac, it permitted to go on, raay insure this ultimate strife. Now11000pfctnet >f Columbia.. 11 ;i>00 Texas, _South Onailaa.11,60010,»Ou ArkansasaOjoOO Ficeid*.„...1,200 ing 5,1)00 t-me, a distance of sixty mile& Herodotus statesaojuoothat one or these immense masses had beea- brought fora temple Xb miles, when- one of the wci>kmcn sighed,and the Kis&said that an offering to God should comefrom willisgoninds, and that sigh had p» sooed it; sothat still lay '.here unused 4'JO years afterwards, the tes- liberal institutions in Mexico, a low tariff will beono of11 UOO MissouriIhe revenue service, hasetigrafted it!*if upon every other branch :>f public adtntnlstratiou. Mr. Mathcw, I learn, co operates fully with Mr. McLane Lnthis business, and it is to beTioped, if anything is aooompHBhed for the cause of.10,100bABOl StaUf OP MNMiOBS.4. laying Eugland and tbe Ua*ed States to one side, noOther nation can interfere in the affairs of Mextco withoutinsuring, at no very remote day, terrible strifes betweenthe people whose government raa;-' intervene in Mexicoand the Anglo Sa.von race, who have beaten down all op- kM Magazine at Cairo first. position, and incorporated all other white races withinscheme is one worthy of Gabriac's- diplomacy—c piece of enough by those who have stnaisd this country for any low warty trickery—and if it succeeds will be the greatest length of time:—1. The people of Mexico cannot govern themselves, and require assistance.oominoL' iron on th> banks of toe Ganges. ried out to the ruin of a government which we h&ee given 2. The United 3tslee do not wish to annex Mexico. Theyelastic as a 5ht fileid blade. The art of te aper ing steel ha 1 been ksown in Tridia seven burdred years so familiarly as to have foonu its way into their novels, but bad onlypiece of villainy ever practised upon Mexico. The object been known here two centuries. We couiu not now get of all this is to reduce vera Crus to the rule of the clergy. So good a-sword blade in Sheffield as weeld be made of The question is can we allow this piece of injustice t»bv> car-liouses for bonbons,This is the eeason of harvest for both or these specialities, aad a rich one they make of it; all France, from tho septuagenarian to the sucking, being ready to spend itslast franc for a sweetmeat.It is at times like thefe when all the better qualities ofthe French character take a prominent position. In mat- ters of business that character cannot bear cemparisem with tbe Anglo paxoii. It is deficient ia that iuv* of truth, that straightforwardness and frankness whijh- it is to be hoped will forever remain the characteristics of our origin. But/the Fiencn in all the preitinessee of life, ii I may so cxll them, are second to none. Their amiablkty to chil- dren amounts to the most aharming and pardonable weak neee\ Everyone, nowevsr venerable bis years, seems raody with a kinu word »nd a kind office for the genera- tion coming on, and no amount of expense w.thm his means restrains the part it's affections at thiaaeason. It is interesting to watch tbe serious diligence with which poor men wander from stall to stall at Giroux'o, inquiring. eKatninicg and collecting for the young fry cf<Uietr house- hold. It iiervades all raaWs; old women m very humble life may be seen with their S'lectacles poring over the bar- rtqurs at nifchtfall. when taa work of the day is done, care-fully inspecting and se'ectmg the prettirst-and best forOn Tuesday laM, says the .-avmioan titTmtHican-J* cha> timony of a-heatlitn trial a. truly willing he. et can alone the things first sfecred to ua>account for all the dutieev they had paid to the constiri-tkiual government iu the previoii*thirteen months. Beheavy pa-then put on extra tax> o, and left Uie place to take-care ofwe see by their actions that the \tntedStatesgarr.atkm with the Max'cans, and 1 must pay, not without reason, and do n<>V wish to asnoKlbe country. Englanditself. Vcleznext went there, and following iu Uw foot-dread auati-ste, s of V?oli, h&a niched tbe last p«nuy out of tha foreignmerchant h and he, tcr>, left the place to take cr-re of itdoes n&t wish to interfere here, and Franc* or ripaiu jhiUings. Besides, are they not as stupal ss the stulf cuCECt without iamring future trouble and immediatedirectthem, andtt^ii,unfortunately,theyhave-notgot.29,1S59hours we shall be saflering all the Imjjoverishment of pre- An exciting trial has jt-i t»cen oonc'.udo.i in Wayuesr gustus, tor be was oiired of a n"urr.^jta by a travelling lad;, and ennohie mesb men. A few. days after barm by the collision of its institutions with the rotten pc„ senting each of our friends, sxquitutaocos, domestics andburg, lirtece co.stity, Peaunvisania. In august Usi a did- GrecA, whoadmututered c<> t baths. BJSLI 1'kny hai left us tir.s i-re.-i-nt w i s :ason Sr.Jrsme Gourges had occasion to l.tieal parties vriiicii have dragged Mexico to her presentOcu.ii occurred between the w!ui4 ant "c-jior- J re«identk a deaeriptiwu of n least two oi PraiasutUfh hatha. He tio '* the palace on business. She met Marquez in his degraded state. trading outsiders -*ith those inflictions called ctrennes—tfceof ivijfl-iK, u.-ar Wayocs'wirg, wh'.ch rwilted in the coulJ not even tfJse refuge In balloons, fo? there was a rocni.ana no ssoner dIt! tiie wretch see her than bo hit An armed i:>torvention in Msxico, rupportine a liberal pleasing punishment common to Cits auspicious day.formei waring the lalUr to leava Ou 1.1 iiiti ot Oan pictarc extant of a crowa of people iu>lain^ up at s.ioa-)-month a parlv of whiu-s were rather a'<j 'Vi iu liieir re- Unag having thwapptmruice of a iuot ot balloons in tue much. And what do ysr,think » Men, or rather animals that is, euch&s precludes the loloa and tne inferior r<»'.««air. Mummies U*d beeu found wish Uisir toetli exquisitely tilled wtih go'ni. AWb.»ii, a priuee v.-bo r«.<ae.l 300 years ago, tells us thSM some Indian ju'-^ler,* hi'.ikg upovor DelhiWell, Ieupposo it is good to Seen, to possess a virtue, though we tare it not; and to smile and smile cgaia i'je Fteuch Mlotetop .v«ys she deserved it, for having ten or fifteen j'ears, would bring this country to a position, whi'e wc pcrf >rm these self imposed eacriQjee on ton taien tbe prtsent frero. Mr. Mathew. Can you believe iu which she could be ot more advantage to the l"n.u»d altar of friendship and good will,- even though in oar se-marks about "the t.!icka, ana liqaily eu-i of trie partyknocked a cotoced atan dowu. TSey wer-.i a:terw^rds a«-tacked b) nfleeu or twenty negroes, armed. iad ih* ajgressor was killed and others WO'lnded. Kig'ii negro* Dhmidnlght a, globe of &re, wlaah maJe the streets as this-' Wbethtr jou «au or net, 'tis true. were arrested for murder neit.lay and tneii last wuel^. bright as the noonday sun—tht-licumm»mdttight, or per-from becoming citizens of the United buttes—instituted ."oruch, and a, mum my cloth is stUt esiuit with MO threads to the inch, and Herodotus stete& Uiat it had been m ido We team from the Shippeosburg A'eim, i'a., of the 14th | with sixty sUan Is in each thread an,'; SdO ttr >a.ls to t!.ca battle toolt pi.ue, in which Mlnon was completely beat' u, with the lgssef sixty killed aul many prisoners, all tbe officer3 *'f wJsoin wore put to death iu a manner that is too beastly fcr description, and -which reflects greatthis country would flourish with an armed inUirveatkMi to present the lady on this occasion some souvenir of h\i be appointed for him to reply io the very serious, chargeno one can doubt who knows the least of Mexico, cad for one 1 am.satined that without it we will go on penslLwg ashaps the tighbthat Mr. Pattie is gpiag U^discover. In ae- hcacy of manufacture the auc<euts t^coeded us. Our 3aest itius. ns are only eighty or t.ic*ty threads to theOti Christum* day Won. Minon moved out fromPuebutSix were convicted of mantiauguhr, and sentenced toavte years tech in the penitentiary.BTMOKBD COM4NATION TO KlhL LOOtM.OSE OP TriB CAlTlTltSltS OP COOC.in., tan, scoardtng to current rumor, a man by tie i inch. He wnild th'isgo <>u, much Isnger than th^i audi, Utscredit upon Juan-1 lor giving a coi?uission to a roving,would be in the hands of farmers, merchants, mechanics, miners, snd other industrial classes there, mostly Ataeri cans or ether foreigners, and not in the possession cC tbe worthless-and unprincipled of tbe land, as at prtsent. Thatto be a terrible bore, and in many instances a formida- ble tax. In theory it is a sor*. oi saturnalia for tbo {jcutier sex, for evc;y gent!.man of Lar acquaintance Is expectedlutthroat, and reWwr like Carvajal. Amongst tho vie crossing the South Mountain into Adams ouuiy. was , noihiog new under the sua, Vim', disungnushes us .o tims ot iLisdefsaAof the clergy was Doza, of Arquelles,again st 1j * client. I am no * . acquainted with the- facts ofname of kyevn, a resident o r Franklin county, whfto> «nce wooW be willing to listen, teowing that there isrerpect. But in reality the ltdtes do not derive the ad vantege they seem to from the cnbiom, for they ic Jseir turn in the Haul Rhm, in*2sr:u>d a very ''•""i»t»mit must i-lv/the amiable to t'je junior members-if the va- fortune flrom his father; his title, ss it same outwill, or jointly with aagland, or England and bi-aniv if menti< n their humble dependents. So the whole system age, a^J attained the hones of representing Ijs native de- you poorer, but take us for the sake of civilization, from works '.a a vicious circle like the Kilkenny.date, each is partrr^at both in the LogiUaxure an 1 iu the Council Gene-hti several viohni blov*.vin the fa»*e, disfiguring her very form of govet inciii eirianatingfroia a restricted suirragc—ia uitn'a dress, stood by. and did nothing. What is more:with flgtirea, making a stereotype page, and t a a step I from the art of printing, but it took human oslure thousends of years to make that step, and when it was madecivilization changed its character. Learning no longerskulked in the cloister or hid in the palace, hut came out ral outlet will never cxhaua* them. They must he cut inand joined hands with the people. Astrotegy and alche- another place.my, in the service of princes, had given phtce to astroao* From all accounts Mr; Wagner ia not a wonderful manmy and chemistry for the besetlt of the people. Neither in any way except in eating. What is against him is, his writer had not left the subject per ,s«, aad instituted un- his original purchase back again in 'the form of a New fire nor iron, neither the cunning of tho mechanic or the| chemist, would save civilisation; but it would be the diI, Pttteberg, stared"wo went Bank wo came and threwl7£ ISSf^lSX ******«•°» *»In; .,, elected their candidates oy Itstruckssthatthere, the Pittsburg m*ou of ths hUH ahoot Pittssrrakmg presents to all beneath them; and a may t* concert- '., ana mh»eq-i-r.t'.j - >!i\ thoro y<p«i*tvm <ie •'*!•*) watch !S I hoImagined,therefore,howgreatistheiarjution,inginuity snd artistic variety demanded at the hvi is of the cotiin.ittt;. iu tl* ixipj-.i^al dt-oi c«e. lioch n la-j i^nk g par*; to her >. itg in 'le bouse.As rubtidtary gro'io-:r. ; ,r a <!•..•ipr*- VrTjre, ber^ p n r V s isxui thai FUstowrf k M l sup- rsrt') trtn in either Jay, Posrl,Tilliry, ae^ainior ported by tiers labor, through fcasproJoSot teiwhtea we tegton street,except tB las sUtton house Ir "allude, ia yam ss direct and positive a manner, tucagb strvti. Will those '-gentlemen, who sit atperbaps not to the same extent as New Orkaas is • « coodcwnd to protect quiet and inoffensive ohJWrea ft-I have now occasion to expose another disreputable act of the staffofficers have failedtoco-operatetorthe ruutual terred.the French Minister and his pohUoal speculating associ- good of all snd for the interests of the navy. Having thus slluded to this ancient custom, i may tike hs wre and *. i.t.-'ed hir .ligt.ity a« a w mio. hy ahae.L.t ta cut loose from PiUsburf—tet »s seat no WTK erdeis there for plows, hoof, narrows, engines, pumps,the asvaititt of street prowling miscreants, or most tho pa ren'« be in esit fur the oftenders ^ g . J ^ S ' j J L ^If tbe same spirit had always beea manifested *oy all lineofficers, tbe pay of ueutoagnto would baT*.' bse*. increased the opportunity of stating that the cheerful and brilliant& nr.i*'. i;rjM that th htirbani hau gr;. J j tus-Uted irjles*v.ralt»-ri..,^a..->p\>>iajwi.T*IU-nU> .>WFn.ptMor Ir. (»,.( I >tsr <;,u'ff» HVJr..r, •At »> f»i-»f , t!,at Oa^n'^z Jfamj, kit for >»H: tjf kit mUrex*" t^*. tysfgcni8 V t0 Kh001 S a T i « V ^ L ***?«»••« eomptetely covered htmSSr*nrf?lnann^a!n!S2?S?1!*'»»V»beenOOmmtt-cation professionally and otherwise before entering the navy, snd witbout expense to government, snd tbe ser- vices of many of them demands more pay outside than ta theserviceatalltimesandinallgradeshave. In times past 1 have given you many proott of this. i omptaasd sf say position givento tbe line, sad never parties could apeak oat, probably Is m )U JJU-ral'y pr.< shad. Moreorsi we enow of so ocesstoa ia Vetchmet '.he li»hman who sat dawn on the side ol Niagara river to wan for all the water to run by. As the fountains »i that nver, the springs fram which now our brigand hordes are now so numerouaand so prolific that the natu-The truth of the article which appeared in your issue of to day, signed U. S. N., in so far as relates to the pay ofreported friendship for ftabriac. If this be the case, alas tor tee poor Dutchman in Mexico.called for comparisons between Burgeons, chief engineers and pursers, by inference that the three former grades are much better paid pro rata than lieutenants. True,Y ear's gift, selected expressly to suit *^s teste.It is s period whes every species, af servant is on havchange of g'.ver jjoisia UA»k place before it coui-i be> registered; bo° 1-ad worn the rit'oon unchallengeA aa Uxg at be r e m a n d iu favor w.ib tiie po*-rs tnat t&mmany of the clergy sav they think he will have to hang. Miramon te too much for tne clergy, and erue, they throw awsy poor Marques and stick to Mtramon.Msxtco, Jan. 5,1890.not Inform the public that he counts such service from thedate of entering the naval school as boys, aad that seve-ral yeais of that time they are being educated, and at thegovernment expense—a privilege sad perquisite not ac-corded to say other class of officers. If the naval school ploy , aom. tbe highest to the lowest. The lowest tr i k-s- she Lad hiii.-Led her Veacati-ia, be being t*ea> yeart wss open to and provided for tbe education o£ boys for older. Dna child waa the fruit ol Ura utiiuti. ]«,' is>>' Lay Snpparten of tne Church—Conflicting Beporttfrom the Interior— Fbreign Intervention Required, etc. BowcanFrancebeneutraliatheaffairsofMexicoifmqr.arch of all France—all observe the custom of obtain' d Urst a t .-par alion a* far as> i»'o.*.rt > wasVat. M fhe^^n?au71aT. n S f l f e «»Tonlent or ta she continue to sustain her Mlnintw tit Mexico in all hisIf the promotion of line officers has beea stayed by the action of Shear own numbers, by retiring, reinstating, ete.v it no fault of the staff, sad no reason why engineers aadany Of lbs auJtOfEt Urtets but let the SSWrtevwl nannntaFirst lutUr-ot aud -v! Ap,-*»! a q isstior *f.s :»i»^j wh^ilier Madam.. Migi"U r&-.vhtfc-'t ba\e known "r ou^tw n a fromwith the stipulation of the French convention disappointlllreu-MagaHneProfit* and *Wt»r* Chance*, efcrlade of Vtra O a r by the President—trenchomA tkevr Utt—The McLane Treaty tariff—Commercial ed tbe French Minister, who is determined to have a row The Board of Trade inquiry on the toss of the BrStoh times, even in then- dethabaie, tliry are beautiful, bagMoney Claim*Fraction* at Zacatam— An Mnglitk sowtwSwssl te Jfod. wh h the people of Vers Cruz at all hasardg. The old Con mail stesmer Paramatta has Just closed, snd resulted te wbea sdornedinsU that rich appstwl with which theyesUected of tbe government of Vera Crus, according toash price he could realise for them, then steal them all obligations of the "supremegovernment" to respect ihe stipulations ol the old convention. It is believed by Literary afnurs at the close of lbs year are very ssSive, rente titeck with Interminable shops, whose toft/gam. runthemofftooneofthefreeStates, aad divide IkeclergythatJuareswillnotagreetotheswindlewedwill Onthe SU tost. Iwas s guestof tbevice-chairman, of pateglass,litop by innumerable gas reOecterw, e spoils with them. He had bargained for the sals the detailed stipulations of the last treaty; snd the gross offer resistance, snd if so that-the French fleet will take ox play neb*<*of texture, of art, or minersat sad ofreally neutral in Mexican affairs, how can she continue to Seppoit M. de Gabriac fwith about- half s aosea guests, the chstrmau sad v ce-mente with their goWen frames; shawl houses, with the* inestimable cart meres— » fact every conceivable merchac' dise is got up sad arrayed to full dress, and the eye quae*by many, and even in the official paper, that s war withthe United States would bring the aid of the Catholiccountries of Europe to Mexico, and that ss the United already spoken of, Gabriac has collected together some privileged to invite one or two of their friends. Samuel aches, ss from shop te shea It passes on, to aas wonderfulBesides the addition to the French Convention I haveP a r a , Dec.I perceive but oae practical solution, but one remedy . I .**r rrar't Feasts anZJfew Year's Gifitr-Uopes of the LaStates than JUastute or conquered colony of any othercountry. Ia less than five years after the establish meat cret heart w;,wince at the inr^aufi on oar privy purse. to attack Carvajal- -A Tlascala. On tbe following day of a liberal government tbe great i&tluenceof tiiecou Ary But, truth to _ay, the whole thiag. is universally admittedsedaedbe a body of men, whoso purpose, as declared sy this aga A not, therefore, the Ma>*ait wu know, bit ale the man who exssated the poor decters at Tacubaya, in we havi since the early years of this country.them, won to take his life, believing that he was l.-Jgajn, use we make of that kncwJedge. These arts had b*«n April last. He was shot, hucg afterward3, and his body Re collect what I toll you:—one of rheeaptorsof the late John K-Cook, of Htrpet's i tent, because they had been a*Klcn in th> bosoms of 0Ufigu»ad in ta* most barbarous manner. Such barbari It is useless to think of Mexico establishing p&ooe by rious families of their friends and acquaintances, not to at a resent trial at Cc^nas, is a torcigi on*>, pur- ierrr Betartete. Having a number of letters, receipts, prtesta and kings, who wished net to benefit the people, tics do great isjury to a good causa although the victim in herself. Take the country alone 'by yourselves tf you chased for money He antered political hfo-at an earlyF a c t s A b o u t N a v y Irieuteneuats. TO THS EDITOR OF THE HEKAUSkexpenses, Is and has been admitted by the-public for some time past Hence no reply would be m*do by us, if thetl«a bands of a score cf sympathising fr-lands, has received ing the dee-oration e f tbe region of 4»aor. He had in* reality rece.vtd a Lirumise ol the deiXitL'.^n, but a su idea,' viae thought lirem the New Testament af the brotherhoodoromaa nnmod O'Brien, one of fo, mmatea 1luh lgh en- ; of man, that so man has s right to kasw anything which othtr night for conspiring. The official paper the follow- surgeons, pursers snd chief engineers receive more pay very best bebavk.ur, for he knows the sir is full of pre. ana Mngeauc^ oc a^c-j'-iat at bus havi ..j SMT'IU.A party of cooks, barbers, tailors, &c., were seised theing day noticed that e. deep conspiracy had been discover- after a certain number of years' service than lieutenants-. ctaus gifts, end s>prescriptive is his claim that, withcutare; and as the 4i«eeut:i n was ei6*rii au art of apitiaRhahfmfrt* tfl jMsT-Ttf <iW ALVt&t^PMIt Of MurtTt pMlteA $those great inoroughfsres, tbe BuliiiMes m m snagcbnlrmsa sad two other officers of the Club being alonet-y< b tu hi: ibe \». i.ie oi beauty, chatteuging t*ie worli lo St likely to tumble over and crush them. Wnen Wall took from a trap door, as a reproach to those who took such JOOU— »'• 0 liieprofound respect when he spoke of himself; and thus the pear as if Gabriac and the clergy were going to cease outNineteenth century and the American people were taking nglit, at least in their present assertions. A new French- ZscaUcas, the Guadalupe friars entered the town with liberties with his works. The speaker said that wiuwit ii>e 1-1'>:bU'tt •foreground is nothing deprived of ttaoff tht ir ha's to themselves marvellously often. In regard Spanish paper is announced, and the first number ia to bis victorious army, but were actuary hooted out any table rapprssf, tbe spirit of Shakspere would bj tlia< i.wc. a.'i' i! •• (5*i»\\ of trea»'ir» * -«ttierehww relieved to that range of arts having their root iu the imagination— make ttfc appearance to morrow. The leading editor is a by tbe boys of tbe place, and obliged to fly after b> a ii'i-g a'.-il c wui.uiiua line of iiRle Uutt calted bor-are content with only a second rate position. As an In- is to be devoted solely to the (Jabriac clergy policy—war •re every day decreasing, and with a few more Carava- land and tbe United States, and forbid the faMrtutdal | In iu :t.ii IIMIIJ c obscurity and plant themertves lor stance of tais, he mentioned that the highest praise to the United States and tho supremacy of tho Romish Jnls and Villarvas the clergy will soon be reduced to the strife. Americans never would or could forg< t tb*» tbey j eight ia>8 ii ju."iej>i*iilon with tbe most aranecratto that could be conferred upon an artist was church m Mexico. It may be that this Marques de Sard Walls of Mexico The only misfortune to all tbii is that were common partakers of that glorious heirship if im- marts <Iii n.mi ice in.y are neat erections of unaaiul-act up air} thing better in the p'accs made vacant by the lowed this sentiment I Ttti-yaie cuvund in fiom the weather by a boarded destruction of churches. The toast of the " Army and Navy" was cou:>led with i r<Kit, ttieeavtt-of wh^h oroject, and at night nMsy ofReports from thelintet ior conflict ss to the successes of tbe Volunteete, of who:n many were present. liner pigmt tnarchands make themselvew a- shake Sown Everything favois the war feeling in Mexico. Miramon Miramon in the Best place, and as to the movements of " The Fine Arts," •' the Drama," Ac , follow.^. ui;derin «th their good?, and boldly trust icemserves toand he baa recently emoarked in the uniting manufacture chimedes had burned the enemy's fleet with mirrors, tion in those deep barrancas between Guadalajara andon a mere exteaJud scale, and with steam power. He which bad been considered as a lie until ButJbu had tried Olima. Persons who have been in those barrancas andbaa won for his product an excellent reputatwu, and has the experiment and set fire to oak plank. Then it was exsmined their commanding eminences inform me thatready market among oar wholesale houses for all he can admitted to be true. He contended that we had no right to Ave hundred men well managed should havetarn out. dome of his manufactured batting that wa nave deny it until we had tried it. He spoke of glass having been able to have turned all of Miramon's force. constitutionalistB in this month, and that by the time Htra literary men are accustomed to late hours. riety, and one is almost surprised to see the- rapidity'few days ago Arremberi was reported near Zcatecas, tbe honorary secretary and treasurer, ta recognition of way to tbe unwearied attacks of tbe army of sosveugevs, snd likely to take the place Since then be has their vsleable services. Idid not wait until the end, but and, on tbe whe le, I never remember to h*v« seen the been reported driven back; but I think that, all tho same, I was told that tbe meeting did not entirely break up until Mason ot the barrequet under more genial circumstances. we may he certain Zacateeas will be in the hands of the tix the next morning, it Is only once a- year, and The wares they oiler differ little from year to year In va-any ordinary club, and as comic, when in the vein, as he me that is certain tone the case, and be says, "this time a genial and full of genius.editors of uewspapcrs in the club The club room, which is st the Bedford Hotel, Maiden lane, is open every night, but the club only meets formally three times a-week. Altogether, it is the most go-ahead literary t»ud artistioAs yet the crowd of holiday folk has not got-leave of absence, and the class of persons which throng the Boule- vards to of a different stamp, as -may be seen from theTO* THE KD170R OP THE HEBALD.MEXICO, Jan. 1,1860. crab in this country. It does more In the world than tlftyof-tba Swius of Solomon's judgment, by s. tiorent. A twopenny numler of Bob Bro igh's serials, the 'rTcloome Guest," is mJinitely better •reading. Mr. Thaokeray's "Scholars,' and "Ladies cad Gsntlemen," ace to*select and limited to pay the requisite number ofSong- gives place to tbe new fledgling. born of so many hopes ftheirmanity seem to fill the whole air, only broken by the fondlaugh and joyous greeting which acts as a welcome accom- thus catered for them ty.the great lecturer, who so need- paniment from their seniors. It is in fact the children'sloooriing to yourdictum.2>tefcm«cf and PerriawJKp qfthe French Miai*ter—th$ all grades of officers of tbe navy, then there would be m»n. the *m»anest vander of goods, the highest dignita-y Matlame >!scen, wfcti^i letters atiU-ce-a.lil', I J ttiat. UaioDebtsofthe Liberals-Scraping up ctatsu aowtnrf Jns> justice in instituting Amparteons as regards tbe length of rex—Prrfotimg for a Miramon Ovation—Troop* of F». time in the service between the staff snd line officerslalra KMimg tkt Priests—Shocking Besahatiom on the Under existing circumstances, the staff orlcers are edu- Ftiae>j in hto palace, up te the Prince of Prinzes—the fore h.i :iiart<*g«. Tli- i. -1,^X1 »l»ti l«tl I'M-partisan actor . France has said that she Is neutral; hit. 1m.:i— tSdssow M*.sWfwry, tbry wid Sad thtae « guardians'• taktag asneSal^i. ^Lt she sustains her Minister, and her Minister is the most vio surgeons ot scientific attainments sad tang experience many instances, tbe etreawe assumes the mors useful ;:rci.ii..-te. icH lo liav* iL.'err«J. that t.ie fr.u»le ,. iceta-yOf ooree, iureiuur te the station bouse la WaahJmrtas s f i ^ ^ S !_i us in the black olty-black by so A aooot runs aaay with the stove, m laotsjStoeimMta tent sad unprincipled partisan the clergy centralist partv should be kept back in rank or pay. We base never shape of the circulating medium—a shape amch, if all wat an < Id n.a*rrts. ar.-i whi t» r sh••V•*•t i,. | | , \ •v 0 It-•ten,Munos.LedokCo.II * Blrssdy mown to f(W KMt tt» 9<»T1I three ytsrg sgu.Untitled DocumentOar Par M Correspondence.a very fit and substantial cause-, it in quite impossible toaiderably more -valuable than tbe price of his ettmms.all bankers, merchant* and shopkeepers make on this occasion, a snbcAkntial present to crery official in their em-ln ls->i M. Migei-ii mau^d Muo. Marie lA&cafr.a young and beautiful girl of gotal fain-ly and t.r.m'-, ei^'jtooa yea-a »l age, and JIM o*u of a Maeseillcs tunvat, isae.e)Dresses—The. Kquiptges—of tae church or tbe law,the humblest lieutenant and tbe exh.biU'l a most aa-oftt afl.-rtion fur hor >i.)»r>t;,j_(].A.maetpeasant msrecual. the peddler with hi* pa *.k. sad the Covered that a wasnax who acted 64 tos sner.-t (fabricsnt to supply^ so many neceeeaie«dally to the evening—assume s holiday dress. A! altInasf toe s mss^inceatsbr« tm might safely drive, s paaheray of ie s s biMtard table, Tor the feet, and ths wholegrandchildren.I h ecries andcackle ofintent hu-it must not be confounued wSth them.the case. Count Migeon, tho son of a nuriufaoturerin fact his xaUiW . and Uai >»eu so f.>r mtsy jr^rg b,..allowid h; rrio'ti ',»,*cli.agro.ili'.-^ eiiivir-eat'tttary *, chams, or oosi. They care Boj ?«f * Wj*t•ftAFr.aspect H eerm to Impart to tLe capital t* Imp-isia,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 