 1aroiidltnmloexertItintheformationofaaIn- depepdrni Goversment, and receive a Governmentwaisr are too Ignorant to form any judgment of theCraven-street, London,(orofwhosemother,Mrs.Mas- somesmoigthem dag Ciioa^^Spsciai-the dark days of our oountry 's struggle, but prayer Tpuriiy.long peaceremain with the foes who libel (heir names aad strive ArlsU,U«>. peraoM attaeksd to ikBofthis— Preae onewanttolee ancon: rolled by the low behests of which won our vlatory. Nomust onasIt Is, andIt Isgo perfectlyenmentof arraiberpaoidscountry notIt theesarsge,aluae, of our hscoes la the battle,axoe^at M B«|^THE BECtlONAL ISSUE.•aide laeflii»A»«atty la the boMlsar pesos. Bttl Iswa, or In deflsnce of all lav, Is a favartte assapotat-of view, and woader nnbonisSedly at thecooeelve the^reat raaedr fw aa, as a Mtloo, In lUs wttt many. The quesuos Is yet somewkat la It* vsloa that CbrisUaa men (as they elaini to be,) eaaationaaatfl Ihay m(^ saOwr MteagChfer i_ ^ Sooora, Hmt IoiimI a nUMeal araaalxatloa U Ike Peaiasula leiiwuiia, it irae the bieatloa of tke* leader 10 esiaelishI have nalwiih great pleasure and profityour *itic!m o\ Jobr Browh and tbe outragea at that He avert the swfnl calamity, which seem^ toenjoyit? Can thethetgemuu>In our dosels In beaeeebbig God, who IsmrOod, In tbeix whole scope thef are threaten us- that He, whose hand la the formatlaaof our Government has always BTorth o; South, nninflaenced br preju- been so piainly seen, irtll yet preserve Its peace, aad dSbB or paajioa, that can say to the contrary. Go bvemila aU these ttouWes for His glory and ourfarthingWe have thus endeavored to array facts aad argu- perimeu(, (or (liey would be InataaUy richer (or RCOBimend bis work to (he Cavor of the publicArispe, with tae (oadiUaa-of tbe fteaUer protecttagtittmtaeLndtaas. Tbeeipgean sMofwhoa,jruHaip^* FeiTj(.T"! am) pa rioiic. Than ia not a reason- andments to show (be abuses which bkva alrasdy etep(f-maDClpaihinLu( if (hey caaoo( tielleve (his befure-,aear lae.;blc^lngDIOICATlbir. :yon have commenced, and you willgood.Have. we not enoeuragement, as a nation, to pray ?(he t^ewetk Americans ceelmd to a((aa(pt Mr. Baser a^^^iproudtati factionof having coatribatedr •fcaie lo the preserration of the Union. The What upheld aad stresfttbeaed our WuHisaies, lapeople lor whose welfare we stood ready to diewith tlie vow that as as life lai^U no shall Bontya, the aubnra pUa wsk ahs^ido^KL 'Tbe.expoeure:• object •««sBJad there is no "'iVoay necessityless in earnest la praying for (be' preaervattaa of the Government doubted. Oiscerd has taken the wUl not tbe choice he (nfiuenoed wbat dslly lire e( (beir aelgbbors, and every oae lake* (a ta reached Hs^ Kaoarbeing largely by Calllornia, pcoposed to Mr.ageeviL The South does not require that of the Hotth. Tbatmust be judged of by those where it ecdsts—and as long as it does exist, so long are tfaoae States entitled to have enforced all the guar. anteea of the Constitution on that subject.It may be, in the Providence of God, that Slav-erywasintroducedintothiscountryfor wiseand—beneficentpurposes thattheslavemightbecomeI (eel (hat (his my effort Is poor and faint ;can but touch a chord for (hose who are more gifted Interms of perfect equality as one people.£)quaUtysire to auaca u» on this question, they know perfectly our appeals will not be made in vain. We would in CourseWm. C. Leake, Griffin, Ga., First Coursecould not tie calleu a fur<»,J when they attempte-i tocarry the town by ai..=ault After the first repulse, vital fuBctions of<^ independent Waaprimitive If they will not do this, why then It is sn element? Can Slavery ever be agala what l(eertainItwill has been—in a( least—while(hs of Vlrgtnla spectraOhfl* subject of Negro Slavery. When. 'he "Old be no Christian men la (congressaad if there be such, In the establlsamentetnment Our nationality is giving away before (liereoen(slarei T There IsooihlagIn the way oftakenpark Astbesoidler warmed by (he heat of bat-J«a^ 8oeora.inI try (o get ruco a/ grant as oiigbt OeoeCt the (matterless ofBooth; the sobject of emancipation was calmlystroet after agea Tbe author of (be following narra- tive does not expect to attain perfect truth la allBtato. waa left to pass its own V*> andgenoine patttoUsm,We most devoutly hope notgers. We ask them to divest themselves of every full ef Interest andtbe WsxaxadetarmlBsdlaretaraloCailfanila; siid ttjmmA»Its own regulations in relation to it.New-I bare hoped (o see some aatfaorltaUvebe merely asks the reader (o give' him credit for Ine desire (o ((a(e facts accurately, and to reasoaanggestlon public day humlllatloa aad pr >yer aad fasting, emandpatioo, and Slavery disappeared from their In view of our national sini. I do not agree wKk (hose who regard Slavery aathe oas dark blot na ourthings;Tcii:andotherStatespassedprospectivelawsof ofa ofcuriositytry, and to look dispassionately at the prospect ahead. be as they were. Of Baowi'g life wa have justlyword Ihebe m1gh( go (o the Capital.boiders without convulsion and almost withoutnimiiiliiiii TJiis senlimsnt extended to the escutcbcoB. Admitting It a sin, it (s but oae of many,If, indeed,may speakCBAFTEkand if the inslinition had been 1st alone,I hB«B no doubt that several of the Sl.iveholdingStatesWoulderethishavehadprospectivelawsof AU(heaeneedtobeetntndpation, aa New-Tork and other States had our sins, Us Is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, dona before them. But they were ruthlessly ss- and fo cleanse us &om all unrighteousness." Oh, letaailad by the Abolitiouiiits, and would not yield to us (um unto the Lord, for He will have mercy uponfoice what they were willing to yield to persua- us and will abundantly pardon: aad from the Lordsion. They claimed, and properly, the right to man-theiraSsirsintheirownway. Theresultis,that the caase of emancipation has, probably, beenpoetponedforbalf a century. It is not necessary thought and word, to strike In better harmony uatll here to say whether Slavery is a social or political Its melody shall enter Into the hearts of ab our peo-intoacaptivitywoceethaadeath. 'Ftier-Ji««t proceeded to Chisanuega, with a view of organizing ^mtillamsaiiil ;United States are opposed to uie existing statedeath as(othe mode of It, It dei>ends on thecivilized and christianized, and return to Africa,the land of his forefathers, to give to a continenttheblessingsofcivilizationandChristianity.Much ol(beOptMSiUoaPartyin(heStaleofMississippi baaalreadybeendonelortheaccomplishmentof ItIsuuuteufprofoundregrel(ha(wecannotpassIt hasthat party will perslat in adhermg to a mere Idea, or If iu designs be (o press (he auestloff further, then we of (he South say we have' nothing to sur-that CBAUoaso had obtahied the omce tlie free use byof bribes among the members of the elecbirai col- lege. Cbauobbo was soon installed in the office, aad found prelexts tor banishing CASrsuos and his chief supporters to Honduraa In that State, Gen. Taisi- SAD Cabasas held executive power, and favored litm, Jkbxz and his comraues had been able to sailthatgreatobject. Muchmoreremainstobedone,and will be done, if the broad and deep current of the continued emd mUchlevous agitatioa of (tils ques-dresses were ntade lives. The North has no such property, and there- very pleasant occasion-bynu matter howpubliclead to any result having (he semblance of benefit,some toleiation might t>e in(lulged towards It. But la(he presen( aditude of (tie quesUoo, noUilng bu( na- tional uegradaUon can come from its discussion. A few IsttS!los St (he Nor(h, and a few alarmists aadfore it has noiliing to surrender but anA friend has furnished an oulHne of (he remarksrequisite for tbeir landing at Realejo.Whilst his| political enemies were in Hoaduras,Cbauobbo bad called a Constituent Assembly, and the Constitution of the coimtry had been thoroughly re- vised snd changed. The (jonstimtlon of 1339 placedtheChiefat the mercy of savages.But the men w'ho sailed for Sonora were obliged lelor a time on the psnlnsiiladaci in Lower Califoraia may be taken as (be laaaaoa of their motives in the underloah,uponsojourn;ckemeDt produced at the South. Neither can we dieunlonbts St the It for their own South, keep upwonder that that excitement is sometimes exces- purposes. It is made by them the chief Ingredient in; will, but do nottheyour disturbance. Cease agitation, let tho question "Tills move tm the of the1'. is thrust Into all tne de.lb- eiattotis of Coagress. It has already creased dlscretioin on both sides, and it behooves one sec- auimotliles between the people of the North and the South, that csimot be obliterat-;Those whoriveorindiscreet. Theremaybeexcessesandin-tion to say to the other, in the language of PaioKias quoted by Lord Chathax, when the Colonies parsed aw ay. It is daily maitiug us more and BoraTh^y have t>e(M)me the pioneers on this subject, aadon (heir (o Cailfornia. Tbe aad way Upper plan par-—were at war with Great Britain" Be to UuiT virtues very kindand more inimicalhome, and la a manner equal to the Institutionsabroad. It Is well calculated to foster and build ^Othconfederates, and the parties to tke were tried by plotBe to UUir (suits a little blind."With this disposition there cannot fall to be har-natural consequence of the continued discussion ofthe topic of Slavery. But we regret to tie comoelled ties to Bive them their patronage and support At any rate, the revolution, made professedly against of military discipline repa(slve;;The qiiesliou was settled in I8S0, but it was not per- mltteu to remain so. Notwithstanding tiie solemnourInstltuUonB,andIf some law-tiver, like Soloh or Ltcdrsbs, The does claim, however, lue Republican Pattydischarge our duly, and If we fall, we shall have the consoling reflection that the fault does not lie at our doors.To this end, we Invlle the Opposition of esch county in the State to o-gauize promptly and efficiently, and appoint their wi<est and best men as delegates to aCOL. FORBES' ACIJUAINTANCE DISCLAIMED. The Waehlngton Stattt has the following" In referlng to Maj. HAsriBT's proposition to es-tablish an armory at RichmoDd,'Va., a lew days ago,duras 8Ssi.<ttd Jxsis in his effoi is to organize thewho could give laws to a nation, should by bis simple ^!ai proclaim freedom to all the slaves of the South, the/ would be vastly wors? off thanwith which Cabaaas had recognizedthe Provisijnai(he Lower Californiadesire no( to destroy, but to reorganise society wher- ever they went. -They were all young mea, as i yoatband want would produce auch-scenes of p'under, rapine and murder, as St.dered that right. TheJCansas bill Is a perfect deed ofielii<qi*ist:u.entof all our rights In t^ie Territories. It General Statue Convention, to be held in Jackaon^ on acqtiaintance of Foebzs, the Abolitionist Maj. of the city, known as the Plaza. All the towns ofto err in down before it ispi I dog readytheyare now.HungerBut they were mea also full ofnever viitnessed.time the free negro, as a general rule, does not farogreat Powers of the earth;and, united, will farEven at the presentConvention meets, it will of course determine for It-was ratified and resdirmed in the Cincinnati plat- and goodness. form, arid pronounced to l>e a strictly "Democratic In this state of things why sufler ourselves to be prmcipl*-." By that celebrated instrument, the Demo- craiic Party Is pledged to that principle for allW. L. 8H A RKEY, Chairman, Jackson. ent ol the Loultvllle Covner went to Charlestown at Granada, and his death was kept carefully concealed the Idea of settling la Sonora, and to devote bts 1. M. PARTRIDGE, Sec. and Treas., Vicksburgh. tbe time of the last executions, for the purpose of pro- from Ihe enemy without His name was strength to labors ro Nicaragua; and soon after he beard of tkeorer-excited, and to talk of dissolving this gloriousTTnlon, whose deep foundations were laid by the as an exposliion of the bid and the platform. Is, if wisdom of our fathers, and cemented with their possible, even more explicit He says, "The peopleback i>«persailed for Ssn Juan del Sur. He left foe Nicara-of a Territory, lilie those of a State, shall decide fsr bhiod? Has any one ventured to look into the themselves whether Slavery shall or shall not exlst- yawning gnlf below? The astutest intellect can- withlu their limits." The attempt to raise a doubtDot conceive, nor the most vivid about the true meaning of all these documents Is — imagination paint, senseless quibbling. Then why should this questionthe proceedings of the New-Orlsans School of Medi-the honoia of disunion the dearest domestic ties since the South has lost all It be further asltutcd,fenicesof three hundred mea(m datf la militarybad, •erered, the most holy friendships embittered, a and the North has gained all It desired? It has prac-asxA, of friendlyto theprincipleswar of tariffit and custom-houses,and border warfare, jealousies between the States, till they form separate governments, and present an example tu the world like Mexico, or the South American Bepubtics. And why thiatlie sun never shone on before ?(heir loss another expedient must be resorted to, Coniresa must Intervene to protect Slavery in Ihea second time for San Juancontinued, and wefe(o be introduced Into Nicaragua, and were «•standingwerein Honduras. In view of thl« fact, AiVAaai and the Hendaras contingent received ordere to return fromat the close of tne eampein. WdhlblaeeatnetQeu returaod to CalHacnla eariyla tbe month of Novem-ancient Bume in the zenith of herand glory. L'..t us then'' rally to the stand<ird of oirw wMxy." Moreover, the people of (he Terri(ory ofof the 'NIcsraguan DenKK^rats was destined to altogether behold'the overthrow of the Cabanas admlnistraUoii, worthy of correction, while Introducing one of (he and lo ascer(ain (he cause of such a sUange result, Central America aad consider events . , ^ j .eclipaathe Constitution, and " keep time to the music ofyou fall Intotwoslight errors,notthe Union."Old Poiht, Va.UAnisoN.in Califorrla.Reafejo—mat le, on the Sth of May, 1851—BTJTIE8 OF CONSERVATIVE AND CHRISTIAN MEN.scene was eracle'l on the boundaryDp|>erday, nottrial,7k tkt EA'tur ff the New- York Tmatheir Institutions in their own way, and toregtil:ile betttr than we can. 1 will lha(and Mr. pubUshud byAmericans marched from the TIa Juaaa country- house (o the monument marking the boundarv be-sayyojr ctinnoi be two lesislatlve (KMlles for the Territories. of eveulaThat Joua Bauws wua Insane or that heIce oftry, a^ horror at the very ibought of ibe doom which adimalutlon of the Union would bring upnn ttUs land, -^he goodly heritage of our fathers—oalv Impel mo. Ihavebailedwithmorethanpleasureandlatlsf^c- tlon the coaservailve and patriotic e<Jltorlal articlesexpectedhlsbelogapa pen to write for a oevspsper;mycoun- tion In the TerritO'lal bill, but It failed to do so, ^d it la loo latt; to reclilm what has been given away.with a certain and£n« Koilroad '-•o<"g«»»-—MotlOB granted.Ba%tth vs. gan^*.—Motion for allaoay dealad.:a few words inIn thisUitle volume, pp. 102-D, you will find the letter In ed their arms to a miUtary officer of the foruurNiIt bot we era8e»il»WBt. mayassume,la terror tor lu sab. read la I suppua*OmumttaIs'V /NECESSITYIk tk* EUtar qf tht fltw- Yark TinuM :tian msa sad womaB In the land are needed bo%theca'e disregard of exlstfag laws. State aad Fed- reacer ibink(lis hspptaess of Coasuela aad Gf a. Waixxx'sStale fromtae Apaciiea. Tbe design of siudl a eato-TOLERATION.ofaKhongh such do<'trii>ee, promulgated elsewhere, tvltfa the oefener'a wife, whea they flod taeniselres ation, soon, uaderstand, published. The rofnla, early Inind let roe tatreateveryMeh one who may read this,brid^te,aubnra,Bts. AnumberofOooaty,rupttou;negro to die upon It The halter caimst disgrace Oldword that they wuuld soon vlalt tbe town **a revolution aga nst tbe acting auttiorltles of the cuon- wb«wgrowing stieagthMr. Fasntuoxafter OiMMt Rsenesn ak Bsctaoa hs^ aaraedelections, and(obechoseneveryfouryears. Ineveryre8pec(thecontribute to give tbe times. It Is the first public step to release us new Oinstiiutlon placed more power In the Govern- who directed It Several of the soldiers hadrepeated of,and"Ifweconfesswater Is carriedCiLsiBT MoRTOH, and Were aoout Sfty-four In all when ol tbe women of the ptaoa ni;^ Wamaato repair lia-God Almighty alone can come our help in this dark hour.people,rather than yield them for substantial benefits. Ibink any one of us had rather die on Baoarss gal- with litiledelsy, to march towards Leon. On the readhim (bateple who love God aad peace aad tbeir country, I shallbe content, and rejoice that, feeble as I am, I shallhate done though but " a lint' something— carryingstrawtnthosewhomakebrick"—fortkecauseofGod and our beloved land.A SouTUSEH Dsnaimz asb Nosmas Wiri. WssTsas Nsw-Yoas, Dec., 1950.VIEWS OF THE CONSERVATIVES OF MIS- SISSIPPI ON THE CRISIS.a conservatire element In all parts of greattbls country, which must be united on the main ob-ject, and it must sppenl to men of all parties to layHe dfd not reach the lasi-aamed city for some days Sobora WAS a^ mat tlins, and sUU is, a disgraoe te IheThe following Is (he concluding portion of an. ad- dress recently Issued by the State (Antral Comrultteesubstantiallyachievedprofessed object IfIn silence (he subject of Slavery, Who, save thosethe Union on If we are to surrender any subjectthey mightorganization,who are engaged in It, does not deplore a^d condemn sentiment be not interrupted by assaults (ioru it tts sftltation could, by any remote possibility,an) thing It must be our property, and that we cannotbyProfs.PausT,the guaranties of the Constitution. Wliilst such assaults are made, or threatened to be made, our Northern brethren cannot wonder at the ex-impracticable theory, tend^g to no good, but atioundlng with the seeds of mischief. We do not ask that the Northaad their eea-etl until the presen( geoeradon shall havewide spread, which excites fanatics to vUlonary"rlgiii to exclu.e S avery from the Tertltorlts, and (his ques- tion It i» that has of late been so prolific of agitation.of tne Peninsula.The mstn fact for us to know is that thosewe shouid have ateiritariesiione will deny, but our polltTcisns surren-GovernmentFor some months Jxaxz remained at Granada, vain-inIs aptexpeditioa gave prooftheirThatperfect equalityof in the rlgnt^wt'ilber naturalized or not, the right to roteIt gave ready callingsuch Conventions, with a view to devis-physl-of Billltary organlzatlaa is order. Therefore, thesewere not ill-fitted to the ioaa-to snd tkeir tnsttluti'mt in t^elr power Jzctty/ree form rtgyilatttm- umph familiar ieUen of (he Illustrious philosopher and we must leaveWill you allow me tocolomnsf 1 am astonished at my temerity In takliig Congress should have retahwd the power of protec-butIfIand ths Presi- pn>ie<;tthe fismtlee oa tbe border (raai the:and although poUilcal wotikl ceitaialr base cbaagesfollowed Ute estaislishmeot of a colony near Arispe.^Ije JC'eiD-Uork ^imts, 2i:i)txrsbo8, lanttftrjj 5,i860.VariterIItaBCTati«a>*f Santkera and Nartk« tcnfliie erWs, Wprapsr; pnyer, aet eoofioad to Ike obiysBlls stale and there is bo telUag wtiBt shape attecb lo property, so as tw eadeige a mariyriSora afaaa« Widfcer% Berelatlaaa. rrwm rtii-lVew-Orieans IMM.mayexpeettomeetItsaonpulptt, thoagk aanty U *oaid be thece, on this polBt, lu tai:est derelopoient It has already Inaoaurated a lbs Slave States, as I do not remssiber (bat (tiere Isalasaa^alteeaspoastbtoaa^ Itary eulony —aot ecaasaruy lieeMIe to Meilee » OF MODERATION AND MnTUAL aiao. The eanest, falthtat prayers of ev«y Chris- coDstderable * hlgbu- law" party, who opealy advo anytiilDgabou( I'sgroea In It What uoes a Soutaen The following ia the introductory chapter of tbe froDUer uf BoBora, witk a Tiewofproleotiag thatiafter ibelx conv,n«iioa Bittrrt and weNtearmgu*, lotteand that it must seri-ously etjdsnger our national existence none will deny. all good men that danger lo their fellow-men is asnd Its It partisans saysectional,April,;it, ins^tead of being led astray by stracUcn, and discuss it as much aa wn may,which they bear this Union, to correct theseSecond CourseCourse J. T. Anderson Court S.a.*;ribbon on their ha'.s. iChamobro was called bv hisnottiingcan rei-ult from unless indeed It should about it, bringwhich we profess a desire to avutd. Tte KeuubUcan patty does nui claim the right tu In- terfere with Slavery In (he Sta(es where Know exists, we are to judge from Its authentic mantfedtocs. W« Should be cautious In receiving what a few of and those few have no definite idea of what could the Tmost ultra among them m ty have said laabuses,friends President— thus their adhesion they declaring"if ;and to rebuke In a those who would sow proper way,discord among a people who should live together as a nation of irieuds,—who should uniicdiy rejoire In naUonai prosperity, and who should cherish with un- alloyed regard (he memories of (he pa^t, and the bright anticipations of a successful and happy future.C E. A. Jeike. Bellville, Fla., Second H. R. Foreman, Brownville, Altu, Secondhigher law." None but a f»w fanatics at the Nonh ever entertained the idea that Slavery could be interfered with in the Statesthe fanaticism of aHouse,of betweea the maaoer In wbieb comparisoncotiS4-quenceBFirst Conraewhere it exists, except by the States tbsmselvesbe done, even if they could ^interfere. They talk 8p««clies as a crlterloa cu geurrdl sentimeat. As well of the North to use thfir bett efforts to exterminate;C. W. Occidenial and some of the other offender, stood utmost in the shadow ot tlie ruias oferal, by (he courta and and juries,bythepeople, Josephay first took form a« la Flaaer CaU>to lay aside all dUereaces, that we may unite, dally, (bey ct>Ddeinn snd deooance In terms of unmeasured wUboul a in the world, andMessing for whleh (hey saorlfioed and tolled and place of harmoiiy some extent Um aad miasms IhealrThere vroold be more of bllad devoUoa (apar(y.Interior, refuaiug to couaterslgBhls passport for Uraauh& GovaraouOxBaAaa) bad ai^ aueoduig presence dercd his passport lobe cooalfl^Bed taordar ttMt Tmlame courier wha bore the order fn>m GAsrasBA toi tte Prefsel, HavaaM But how ia the reuKdy to be made available T This snd where death may be more uaefiil tu the cause for On the 9th of May, 18M, a number of aatlve Nlcar- also brought news that the Aparkiie bad alillB|aGod does not regard sin Ay nonw. Pride, anroganoe, covetousoess,selfishness,o'ppresslon,briberyandcor-Tbe old man's rmintry houre a few leagues from mar^v- terrible agtians, who bad t>cen exiled by the existing Govera- men aad Goaymas,and dUtegsrd of His holy laws, are none (he less heiaous because the name of Slavery Is abseat.and,;serttonall'^m. And why are these so ? thhigsto visit tfeeOofenorofmayW£mi 'they became free and independent States* clusively. If these meetings were organised, we perverted from Its proper obiects, and lis checks and and needs uf the accused ia resard (o oounael. the ap-Tftbteen" were coltTiies of Great Britain, Slavery we do not see them whycowardly crueltythe dust and smulte of a weli- 1861,lagmovingevil councils have prevaileddemagogues have tri-dimlyihjoughna'aricos have t>een broken riown (hs tasacentrated eactaia rights were guaranteed by the Constitution should probably have no disgraceful aad paloful ex- byof wKneases, Ac. It Is pearance tme,(he for -pleaSan Franciscobut Ibis availed Umlittle, whaa heforcrof sure. Will the remain In- to who were the owners of slaves. blMUons of anger on (he floor of (he Legislature, aad active anpdaratlylporwetfhis " noblest InlipeeroltpslnelM and bestbasle Is the fromTbe after his arriral tbaaachieved, then very clearly things mnst contlnne asai After tnerev- mediaiely to (^ifornia, and bring down rnnaai Roalej". "(his quesUun has los( much of l(s practical Impor- " Seceders were cordially received us tht^ir arrival tance, and tends to nothing but mischief, yet it has asavage aadeMEe domination of tne Apaches iham under the lawa efrest, thst la all we ask standing will fullow.andwebelieveagoodlunderthis qiK'Stlon Us prominence may not see or be awareof the mls<?hief they do. They exert an Influence, from Intellectual boiulsge un the North.ment than had been (rusted to ii by the previous law;cent event at Ferry should be a warning to Harper'son the ofto admit that Southern; fornodutyis so te have contributed I bail this work as a new era In our bl.«tory, aad this Constitution, was started on ttie 5th of May, be- (he soldier as that of taking life from tbe eoaradeof b«Hh tnemonious action. Why should it not be so ? I am not be discussed In Congress or out uf Congress, those their full share in keep.ng this question constantly lareraivvianlg as (he of better (o (he fore the new law could have been promulgated in thevery sore that the great mass of the people of the Kotth entertain those feelings towards the South, and are determined'to stand by the Constitution as OUT fathers madeThe Kansas-Nebraska bill and the repeal of (he Missouri Compromise imparled to i( fresh vi(allty, and It has smce raged in its most angry and threat- ening form. It fa now la reality little else but an ah-alive In Ibe public mind, for what purpose the public must judge.South. They must no( be disappolated. We are enabled also to give a list of thetowns and villages distant from the capital.The Leonese Revolutionists styled their Executive Provislonsl Director, and asserted their resolution toarduous srevlce.was mora difficult, becaus* (ha aumtier of (be ABacf-parties that It should who control party a&alrs could uot permit it (opledgegreat politicalpoliticiansall political considerations apart bail their harbinger prospectswho has shared the perils and of hiesleep.and wasAs the remedy for abuses of (heir government, and we can only appeal to (heir patriotism, to the loresecedingcans wassmalt,dally diiainisblng.psiafor such sentiments hare A whose existence Is marked;;pan of Jure. The delayand at Managua had given Cbahobbo time to orgsaize his foree, atd, although his numbers ware sm ill, lieKsn^w* were Invested with full leglalau^e newer overofagitatorswLlcb the cause u:ore than the Injuredpreju- There;J. D.Cunnins-S. K.by geogrsp'aical yet no one believes llmita, cannot be national, and It can not work outof Democrats at Leon (beol Hayda on (benowu prepar-It im- distil guisbed abilities aixl the aatccedeats of the au- trtDu(«o to send (wotfvoi Ity. BieBMiy t The Slarebolners can hariily try (he ex- thor peculiarly qualify him for this task, and most poseofgeth^agraatof laadneartee old towa af—~It, and now the liKjulry la, what ia to be done ? What ttwould betobava no property, aad a mlad free as Tb mg Comrodea in Nicmmgnm:Into our bodv and which still further threa(ea pollllc,band, mha( a1( would tie (o see whs( (ry, ai^Baoar—arrived ta Honara joll«lheren>«<ty? Itlaeasyto tHl what the remedy Is, air SAd bright aa sUQ&bfneatKl the on'y remedy. Is wlih the people at tartie. This your great coDtrureisy, and the per.-oas Irivolroil ia sour meet again on (be soil for w bich we have soffsr- o( Sonora expected the Picaph to do! 1 dtdicaie U>ls efibrt (o do jusdce to tbeir acts aad (o settle several haadNd rieailibut the difficulty lies in lu application. Tne remndy, Asd DOW, wba( will be the efTiect of ibis rislag, on motives : Totbe llvlsg, wiih the hope (hat ws may mine of Arlzoaa s and tl» State "iiiiieaeilGiTveremcnt was ordained(bey are Ihe legnlmate source of all Its powers, audthey must rise up in their matesty aad restore It to lu of the Doliowheas of ti^e social btata In whlcn Srsvery the meutory ol those who perished la the struggle, (be C^tini ss Buuiaaa. aooa aflerivards Koinc a>; It Is just ascertain (ka( KsrIU ooaUiltiaMoqime of politics and breathe the pure air of many a nlgktiy vigU did (hey keep, oa their knees be- dences (bat our Government Is rapidly losing Its which must surely alter tbeir reUtioei—the Image Noputy.tHttoiie tkat can rite above the polluted at' and women loo, were vrlth ttiem and for themIfentyiaMdoflaw.ofand more ts man'scapaclty for free Stales mnst take part with eliiMr North or Soath.any, (boughtfor a conflicts much leas an irrepressible conflict," between the Notthem and Southern States of this UnionIts value Is being dally of such a ripening of eveaU as that tke (TOaKer lashlonsefitttbe (toe (be aews of (heir depattara from Ssaera;the ofmea, prayersget lio better(o Kiow worse uadl U reaches i(s end br a vloleat asd bloody revoluddo. We have many, many evi-(o (earaway(belaortl whick hangs ncracs.overby them and (or themoommoiilties ever over geted more (baa the peags of dea(h—the reprosohes ef a;slareboidlngixiw made, and never to t>e retrieved,Old Bsowa iralks la (be midst of it, as tt always will fioa (his UaM forward ? Heneetorth there wdl be a new (bought In common beiweea master and slaveadmlnistratioB, beeaaa boeUle to(helij^ravas. bob oa ecooinK o( (he ialKeitlaacoaaietlBcctalaaadeecchlDg (he (3od of Heaven lo espooss (he cause of bold upon the sffectlons of (be people: their former of OKI Bxoas, always present to troth. In case times.bisFterwy,iIsfso harcdan(o fwreietetahsemtshealtveosf foarrometwhne revelttUoa, aad afterwards, during the lllaeas af t*-iir;(bclr toca aad suffsilng eoonliT' And shall wa be high appreciation weakened. Moreaad brttaZ and which oon(rol the leader, lose aaag ewt (n Ineielbeisamus. atopinionjealousies and animosities, eagen- has happened ? Oa the other haul, wt 1 the lot vapors noailagia Waixaa to revive the be hourly breathes. The task Is even more diflcalt 1 1eat;wrestled srlik God t I am curious to know If there ceied in folly, have sapped the fOuodatlon of the Gov- of the riefrro (slave or free) be aggravated by a man auempts (o Darra(e even(s in wkleh he has Waxxaa, togetber wKbhto iMtter partaer, Ifr. H«rtc;Bacansenot bepeople who would huny on the trial of woundedwhichwas forced upon tbein by the mother country- of " noonday prayer-meeUngs," for the raamtwrs ex- umphed over statesmen. The Government has beea men, and fall to coeslder. In the first place, the rlgtiu fousbtneki, tbe Isrge movemenU wnU.h deolde the (vwns and Wsma waieaieAillo^naeSlavery waa a peculiar institution, and each (heir peaceable firuits would be dally shown torth- birthright of man" to gradually but certainly roll Into return (o their usual j^ourse. ujAd terrified hearu materials for future use, aad his very errors may ia- ter a long examiaattoa, foitmrde bim to leave for thethe common sepulchre of free nations without an ef- cease to flutter. Such a pleaseems to us to Isftve theother feeUng but a wish for (he welfare of the coun-penabout (be clronmstanoes of Amerlcsns In Nicaragua.feet seat himIf thf tee that wc are hold of our safe moor- never had any — y losing hopetheinx TK6TA ASD BES rAaazSOKBS.;eutaet.— the doslniigemran suspense that;an<i we victory with old Baows. His Is the mind conquerinxWe are to know wAat will hap- on a scene where talngs can never asauifort to save It twould warn them against rapidly approaching dan- In tbe case, whatever becoones of the life.obstaeles placed la at the hirwaywe incs.thenweInvoketheiraidIntherescue. ofhopehiacasewherelife Is probaMynotdesired,Baows. The doubt as to whether willbe eono do ItJ. W. Jones, Marlon, G».It the Republicrsn Party should even entertslii^a de- bangs the destiny of this Union, snd it is hoped that Gibson, Greenville Court House, S. C, Second repu'sed JxEXs snd his followers, (for these latter (he sort of protection Mexico had given to iba p^r*;presupposes the same moral, social and political well that tu cany out such a purpose Is Impossible. voke the aid of all conservative men of all parties In S. Legelt. Advil. N. C, First Course A.;;MiEMSslppI tn solemn convention look her pusiuou In ODposinR all who have precipitated us Into danger, N. Firet M. L. Goodlett. Green-JhEhz tat down before Granada, and affected to layThe rabble at hi.s heels were, saielygovermient,expeditioalsts mayeooditions, and from these follow amalgamatipiv and so old ihe other Soutnem states, and, much and in all mr^asures not conceived in wis- Advil, C, Course;ie:}|, opposing ville Coun House, S. C, First Couri-ec-bHllenne acunparisoncommingled with rH the domestic relati .ns, thi ss we u,8y prize Union, we mean to stand nrmly ou ticm ana justice. We may fail In our ot>ject but it Is Alsbama idea of which shocks the mural sense of mankind. the poaition then taken let the consequences be what our duty to use every effort to avert the sad CHtas- Alabamathey may. WitB us this should be a closed quesUoa. trophc which stems to threaten our country. Let ussirpetolhe piece.Jackson, however, busier In plundering tne shops of the sub-of MexicoLower Caltformia and ;toe ruin aad—'The spi'itoitke fouTtk Monday ef ilttrchneit. When (he StateHastlat is not an Englishman, but a native of Al'ja- r.y, N. Y., therefore we did him an Injustice. His ac-Stste had inthe meanwhile declared for Castsllos, and his friends held the lakes as well as the ?an JuanRivetbymeansofsmallschoonersandbuncos. The schooners were under the command of aup.thirsting lor military reputationmilitarycarriebout lully the principle of popular sovereigntytu UiC Territories, firstshadowed forth In the Cass-Nicuolsoa letter. It gave to every ac(UBl residea(, self what is proper to be done. Other States are al- o Is;thesoldierisconservativeDomingoas well as the slave. There are some States which (o Ihe Legislature elected by such voters the right to ius such means as may be deemed necessary, and where I then lived, I was introduced by Gen. ils.i- claB—an imerlcan or Englishman who hid resjdedall iub;ects. Slavery included—tion, and at the same time have passed laws pro- tlouh in their uwn way, and Congress did not retain think It proper to pursue the same course. revolution. 1 knew him as did many gentlemen.froin January, 1655, CoaxAU. succeeded In taking Castillo, They faded, however whether thehave been conspicuous in the cause of emancipa-leglsla.exin peoplethough his real name was Dxsboxd, In the month ofIt left the of the Territory free to regulate their lastltu-with a view to the appointment of delegates to a Na-iiKosix to Cel. FoBBis, as having gallantly served,in the United Slates, and bore the name of Ssooa, al-men, though ) oung, lay datlonsof anew and more sianle society thaa aaysecond in command, under Gakibaj-di, In the ItalUuthe free negro from coming within tneir (be power (o annul (he Territorial laws, as it had We would suggest that the delegation from Kentucky, Georgia, and South Carclina, as a skillful as well as the lake st-htxiners, from the Democratshibitingt>orders! Where, thf-n, is he to go? Provisionothers more than of themselves, itsmd soon thereafter Jxass broke up his camp before to determlae. Suffice it totional ConvehUon, aad our Convention will probablydone In all other Territorial bUls. With the advan- each county and Senatorial District should swordsman, and an able writer on military tactics-tbey mighthnd In Sonora or Lower Califoraia. eitherhad ofof such or dis- took lessons from him In the with the smalland retrfait^d in a raold and disorderly present purposemanner towards Managua and Leon. The flight of cisco about tbe middle ofthatsayto themust first be made /or him. That is a matter of its abundant population, aad from Influx of foreign- trict in the Legislature, snd to Insure a full repre- sword, as did many otherstiige Ihe Nortlipeopling the Territories from be equalrepresentationcountypracticerespected his devotion to1654.time,. and the philanthropist must look to that er!', could any one hare been so blind as not to see sentation It would be well to sppomt alternates. tbe cause of Italy, la wtilcobf, huips to the latest mohement the Democrats from Rivas followaedndalinmoastfelwiwnmeedkis- The leader of the eipedltloB—Wa. Waucbb, or, as(be effects and purposes of (his bill? And why did This seems to the Committee to be tae only practica- of my knowing any ihing proceedings, ap- altly tbe retiest from Granadafirst, and be ready to receive them as fast as their fSoutiiem members of Congress sustain 1(T It was In- ble way of concentrating the action ol the conserva- peared to be absorbed, and have not seen or heard of the turn of affairs was visible by the adhesion of manyowners see good reason to emancipate them. This 'hs was then CoL WALEsa—after te called, ratnmlagand him since, or for years past, ualil his letters were persons of property to tho Legitimist party.tile party was bound (o sus(ab> it, and there is no it Is profoundly hoped that wise and (emperate coun- published. 1 am not now, and never have been, per- It is well for the Democrats that Chamomo, worn he <--' 'geniously couveited Into a party measure, and hence tive men of (he Slate, as well as of the nation:of^ai'ia a great problem .which Gud, who permitted drnymg thst by Its provisions (here the Territo- sel will prevail In both Conventions, sho'ald (hey scnally acquainted with an Abolitionist, prominent or out by lung disease and anxious though^, had died forthem to be brought to this country, will work out rial LegUlsture has the right to exclude meet, and that united action may be directed to the obscure, or with any of their doings. only a few days before they left the Jalteva. He was more particularly to Nicaragua. Coia, la freaaeat In hia own good time. Let u* trust to His wisdom Slavery. And the odious principle of this bill good of the nation. Abolition journals are sutlng that the correspond- buried in the parish church, on the main Plaza of coovereatlons with Walxix, urged him to give opfuture Ume. Mr. Buohajtas's letter of acceptance,to thes Incorrect, and wholly the imputation cast upon him i'unfounded.INVITATIONS TO MEDICAL STUDENTS'.The New-Orleans papers, of December 2i, publishCosXAi. would have driven the flying Democratsarmies tically gained all It professed to desire la theory. The South has been victimised by the arts ofcine, la relation lo the secession of the Medical Sm- the partyGule^dmbaylhais, cbeoiungirvman CsAXoaao. had de- Mcaraxna, tbe officers and aoldiera to receive a ««adcians, and her deluded people shouted,It Is now our bond, and whatever any other party may say of its penalties, (he Democratic Party hasofAnli-SUvcrfreceive all Southern etudenU leaving Noribem schools, and that we will freely share with them the great advantagescer(alnly no tl<b(politicslargelyInvolves the liberties of tkeby much greater power of Guatemala on the north, notanoo M WiiFJB9M» «/i* contract be refu»ed i« aottoBut the people of the South are bow beginaiag (ooomplaln.by which we are surrounded and 10 whichwsare en-^r--lug thst 11 was couiraryto tbe astof Coe-" politi- Well done."To the EditorStsmdard:adopted :GEO. U POTTER, Jackson.H. W. WALTER, Holly Springs. JAS. L. A LCORN, Friar's Point H. H. SOUTHWORTH, McNuU. WM. A. SHAW, Okalona.C. CRUSOE, Columbus.G. M. HILLYER, Natchez. JOSEPH REGAN, Cayuga,Opposition State Central Committee.AN ENGLISH VIEW OF JOHN BROWN'S ATTEMPT.Lirm rsoif barbiit uxn-mtzxv.curing the body of Copei-asd, (one of the blacks) to be (he Legitimists and a dread (o their enemies; and revolution undertaken by Jiass and Castsli-ov. (Tosjb transndtled to the sympathizers at Otiei lin. As an act had he lived, a far more vigorous hand than thai of solo his interest in the at Ssb Francisco, aadand the Presidency fell, under the Constitatlon of whose attentlun was fixed oa Hoaduras. From Sea 1654, lo one.of the Senators, D. Josx Maxia EsTXAnA. Juan^lel Sur, Mr. Coli, after auiaerons delays and In the meantime, causes at work outside of Nica- vexations, succeeded la gettlag to Leeo, ead there ragua were destined to Influence very materially the obtained from CASTXLLee a eootract, by which the fate of the Ptovifiocal Government. President Cas- Provisional Directon audurized him to engage IbeSiBthe spirit of theana forthwithsought"WAixxafortbep-jrpoae»rof States, and a see (he decepuon (hat was practiced on them, and your great topic as if all Europe were In estate of UtlRedn.lved, That a copy of the with great iiaaidmlly condemn the system that they cabn. Theonly clear thing (o us abou( the Harper'sI.,division anddivtaion of a Government and a country such as (hemrelves hare Inaugurated, To reconcile them to—possessing every variety of soil and climate, and capable of pro.containing the but she could hardly hope, without foreign assistance, sre^s ot IBI*, txmironly ktnhaotwnIfashsIhewonuslutdrtrieituyrlnawl.e papen Ij Not however, u.ld Cou;forwarded to the Med- te resist thestrength of CAEssat and his li^ms-. Heseparation—a saw phase for asltatioa. But listen todiiciug ever>iuiin; il.at c.ui c.niris-.i'.o lo the wants, what bsen aad Indorsed as doo- than (he vray In which he holds (hat posidon. I donbt left, or Intend (o leave, (he;„„M ed unaf.cted byirer.isat I.con and at Coraayaguaentirely independentand people that have already become one of tho*' being tlie true ttiieitt and meaning of this act nut to legislate Siav«-ry intu aiiy Territory or State, nor to exclude l( (hertlrtm, but to Uave the ptopU Ikcren/per-grantlailer at Sacramento earlyTerritoriesNorthern Srho'ils.has approved soundthe comforts and luxuries ol m-tin. rcntdt ri.;^ .,, t.ini •Ti.i- penile of the TerrKorles, like those of whe(ber (here is In history anything nobler thanSchoolof Mculclnt-grails.Franklin Abroad.":for a common f«te. of Castsliou was bound (ohe guaranifedforever Ihe of bearing asmbof the world—a Governncnt Qine SiiNtci,, ,-li ,11 Srrlile for th*-nisetTes whether Sift,llie ralin devulcdneaa uf hia temper, and the heroicmudeitttlon uf his demeanor. -II the iriah rebelshad been ol Ids stamp in 1790, an-i in O'C01CB8LJ.'sand Jua» MiTcuxL's time, Ireland would not havewaited so lor her delfveraiice as she did. It lungwas the pssslim, frenzy and scilish vanity of theihev seemed to be linked loscincrBut as (be cause closelythatof CABAHiS,itwasnot in Honduras, Guatemala, that lu destiny was being tri- The very dav which witnessed the most signalprivilege reackod the This Colb sent to WAiaaa, sad 11veiy fihall ur shstll notexitit wllliin thetr llndts."ll"Ill As Editor qftkt Neie- York Timfla the month of Febraaiy, ^^JIEPORTS. asad TeranlBeP*dices of (oiyism and (he tears of tyTunts. legislation. Slavery Included. How, la not a trace in Johh B'sow^ of (he popular agitator:Nicaragua,dampenedHonduras, threatened thober, enttr;,. Ise. As Betting him to take anloier/'si in tbethe National AmidstthestrongexcitementofEOropeanwhich sowhole civilized world, we feel as much Interest labusiness is (be moral of Joas Baowa. proceedings of this meeting be«en the could blame Oaba- Nicaragua, an 1 get from Casmlioii a condact of cel-greatnessPutting aside tiie question of the set which broughticalStudentsInthedifferentNorthernSchools. Kaolvei, That a telegraphic despatch be forwarded,Nlcaragnanslhsmselve.MiSforthe couTse he took, and the friend.-hlp be-Ferryonlzailon, someinlng inlgb(bedone. Colsaaeord-him into his posiUon, there can be noUilnf fiaeralready (hem (o ac^ep( the fn^ilit;c^ uf tl»c l^ew-Oiicanstho the I*"" ^i*' f"'"'' p'.ltcyall subjec(s(hen is Congress (o Intervene? If l( ever had (he to readers.(o do so. It has parted with IL (Congress sure- but as entire an absence uf self->eeklng, of every patriot, BssJAam FaA»i'j», yourmet before Judge T.'VQKi, yesterdaypower kliid of self-n-gard, as can be conceived. His set is, Is that this letter had nota novelIhemostb. TheCourt remalas from day la openit la anderstosd, will take pla«e amrly has not the f-ower to legislate on (he subject of to a us,one. If he had no in- First, the belief expressedand aSlavery in the States, and the people ot the Territo- tenUonries are tieclared to possess equal Ireedom with those ot arma? But It would t>e useless to Into (be ble, as (he small duodecimo collection of (ha famUiar atd Lower Caiilorma. Onthatdayaoffot Ihe States, lU'd to possess the powerto form and go par-therefore-^say only Icftisla-e over all subjects. Slavery Included. There we ran set; but two ways uf uccountiug fur the courseJABia SrAXXB In IP3:i, Is almost otitof printtween the United Slatesand Mexico, and thsy yield-mystery,painfulthe hitherto been published. This mistake Is paidoaa- collectionbelwoensmall band of00lag Ihe piesttbtDeoUiehs. scpniKa COD bt—chambksi.slaves, whytlculara of a case vhich yot. mustunderstand so much Letter! of Dr. F., collectedbeyond runningweek.:Power. These men were poorly clad, but even at thef not of their moment of their surrender— spcikdignity were the last of what has god- foundanewState. They LowerCalifornia andLiOHAiP, J.—Brovn vs. Tht Neu-Yari mS, -waa cheated uf some Ofprecisely as you print It, wlih the exception of (he diagram of (he royal table a( Veni,illle?isupport.Insane there is not the allghtest trace in any part ofquesUoo,hia subsequeat conduct or speech mayremovetuaTerritorypossessinherentsovereign Kosmsl,stehsoodiIfSciiltywasnotdiminished. Ifthescheme whosenamewasDssoaAS,Secondly, power,(undIttsdllflciilttodenyIt.)yetiftheyare wasrnjtwildandhopeless,(henweon(hisside(he daughter,thenCoiiceile that thecltizens of (he United States whobu( tr>his favoritenut lob> the Tnas, sad I hope that th>y may reach the D«u- frum the rumtnOM owners of the Territory—tne States, there will soon be oonsequanccs wniab will mak* all and always (he warm friend of the family.m ikesat La Paz to give place to another made for the oc- old Calendar,) Noa. 3, 4, I, and S to 18-much toll and dan-casion. They had passed through Sm-asBB Cbbsv—Ci«««»—Part '*'^„,";J*',!?'tiuutiiih Ciii.gres;'—whicri should be limited•and most of 'diem being aiiogether new to wa>-, 101. ins, 107. I 113, lU, 1I». 13!. I»»' "* Ifi3, OB, 111,ni-ressttlcat|j«-l{S tty adoption,;In their the Government so received becosaesplala.There can scarcely be a mistake, however, in re-The Interest which ho cominusd generousger, badand if he haul support inasi-heine so wild and hope-;ple of the whole country. But It Is painful, Itone's heart acbe, to know th»t so many of our leidlngpoUUcla&s, statesmen and legislators, tfareiten sni atxiulescenno Is sdnpUno. And their sovereign pow- nouthsrn juunials say (ba( the sons and daughters of Is a cherished chapter lu the goad man's private natural obstacles of -SoFtaioa Cooar—Part l-->fo* 'cither express orImplied;theirdeath, of the American costlaent The.bandy words Kb ,jt dlrsolrtng the UnL.n, as If It were er Is ibui* exrrted in the adoption of the Govern- Virslnla aie ashamed of tho sheepish t>ehavior of (he memoirs, by her esllmable dccendanls In this coan- Lower California-the scarce subflsltnce, ths long 147, ISI, 151, 159, 161, l«3, I6», 167,,1*' '".' ',^' Jj? 171, 173, UT, U\•»•• ""a.ligktthiag. Csn th»y feel whatOr do nit-t-t. They thus acknuwIeiUe their dependent coo- dizeas lu the presence of (be lebels ; bu( t.^ us i( ap-resldeal la and around (he City of Patla- ntervals between watering places, tho rugeed sl<le510". •«. «<>. >«'•;hey imagiseInIn 1770,not aAnd w'lea you add'•"•^ „. „. . ., 8i toMparentschildren, an* conversely ?thewith bojrds oa tke taelda.opthat the,Dr. Wit, an eminent physiclia of (ha( cKy, by whom she was left a widow, with three children, aof the—would make war In that even to a force.'•*•COBBOB PLSAS-Part L-Nos. 65. 84, »1,„wtteysay?,o great sections conll dlvMea nerivatlve Government an do aoth-"pa'tT'li^No.. M,to 144, 14», Ifi, 154. I»».»"•-"*«»d yet remain at jH nee (ur Ume— aoyleojUior^ligmitn owiiers uf tt>e soil, from wolcli ihev derive theircowardice. How any men uf earth can so valaa andterritorypastimelef..r 4z moaibsT H<»e v,ty \,^\,„_i 5,,,, ^g, ^„ ,„, f^^g ,Tebuof the Southera slavehuMer a„d tne Northern Fra»8«0er—that the »on» »r"i daugiM. r. of ."liuihernLisa HswBOK,nawteuUr-a«lpdplo9lnctaletdle« an who knows the enemy4 V, whicn hulJ tl^e true, li!>< r.il, BiUa^onsanraUvegiouud, also contribute greatly lawli'rli tliif-pur (.« r'can.«.„i.j,-,-.cRn tie presenLaulioe, aad I*>goodi religious jouniIhe r<-op»nlog oftheence to who are ready from our experience, to of the great philosopher's evsry-dayUevoeanledantla•ypoints.d Docum(ry—mostlywbiith ahall interfere with the rights of ths eom- la the structure of aoclety which generates sues delphia. She married. London,Wlttlru, ai.d a«pearsthst there is more to l)e ssha-oed of somethingmountains and the wide wastes of sandy desertGovemuiiiit, unless they are permitted to do soIKrtheyrememberthaim'ng'eibloodflow.Inthe byli.eluiroofthosovB'Dtnentwhich(heyreceive. suchtenorsastheydo,laaperfectmarveltous. We fewyearsafterwards. Mrs.Hswsoh,underadviceof countrywell,andwhoisalwaysabletomusterUrger PartII.—Nos.601»Ti,BOtoBut they noHy do whatever the orginic form of gov-wonder at the miser, who. from love of property,sous idea l>e formed of mayeinnien' allows. ThusKansas 00 the may legislateliveson crusts In a without fire or can- mouldy garretFaAiixus, removed to (he United States In ITSS. and settled la Philadelphia, where one or her sorw.TKOaASnuntbers than your own,tbe trials of those engaged in the Lower CaliforniaBvMFnr"_•*" sad elghteeB taehee lasutoectof Slavery, beciuMe she has Ihe power to dobut his privations are a less terrible evil than become the fathers and n.o;>,.r8u. Northern M> bv Ihe fnriii uf «ovfmuient which w«« tendered to the spprebension In which your slaveholdiug coua-h» r and adopted•' perhaps on recoriL I to fsr that retrent or rec-)v. 'I'le In IIS leslsiativn power.-' as any '»tate In the take tills low view ol their peculiar Ina'ltutioa" be-Caihwxu., for half a cen(ury the Clerk of the Federal pfarlosveeand as sevevrualgoafrthe persons witii Col. Wn.K«a gii*-*»«»es tU tkettntr.passion, may cairy thingsery nisy te ImprscticaSile. You, yourself, acknowl- t'ri' t «ll r.us'-CBrafed to (his pria- " We have our slaves, and we mean (o keep (hem." widow Is still living among her married ehlldren,fame mifB« leo( (o keep tbe pipes from frei zisg.edge .the daneer. ••h >• Is a mere ab- : h.-i re wB say (he whole qdastloasaidsome (ome, sssurlngme would be destituia Wtstcbesier, Pennsylvaala, iwarly ninety years of theyin (beir firstof these men be saved st the first fire that l)rp«k«andBut where Is the rem ed»? Union meetings do ttic'r Ht'».-tioii, I.., f„f ai. iforki cor.fervatJce. honest newsp'iper.^ do m-i::hUi themselves forwaiDistrict>'msde soby the »uilng party. And (he (errl- cause It is the one they put^it Is not irrelevant to ascertainm >tiv»s s < IKUan,nr>- now ail «one—ataffslts,which guided (hemt'le ea(erpri6e,the ro-dest weataer. The sh >nld be expeaseterrit'ries.Ti Bif s.ni.B ,„ he no end to the variety of phasesThe(o reacohbjSeocptorannmbrnwlileb made (hemThus (oiced to make Lower California a field of opwI. S' .1.Si^ve-iia^e, tiiuci by a lepeal of thoprolilWtaryI-..iM-i-rn-'d,Af-ns, meet them at allw(bared hi his anxloue sulleltudeSbPhiladelphia.sUck'to any form ot property as to im^iergo for Itbyto theseP.TOT. Faoxas Hvokawtb-—I"Ot;This CourtThree days after Jiaas and his comrades landed at asH The Grand Jury was dismissed 1111 lbs iSUiefdlet y her. If '^)ngresa Bad retained, as trymeu live. Taeie is no torment comparable to" that attained high eminence as a surgeon. Another foe which hung about their rear and flanks, 11" reso-Sbull fucliiin.iej, cannot be that the pe'^fle. North or S.ji.th, iie.irt fits Tt-riltonal lawc, we should h'-*ve had some prottc- toTnient (tro strong to be concealed) for the Bike of son settled as a farmer near Bristol, In Bucks Coantj,amond each hydrant Coaduet Ihls a 1^;was educated to the profession of his faiher, and expedition. Wnneon, of falling but ii/oke I T., line, tbey gave sign sptrit,ihree dlam.-ter. andAh, ItVolon broken. And yei these puliticisiu, iu,ii:o:,uei tina. But the i>oi»Br waa t>estu*ed wKhout Halt 8y sort of propeny Is the most astounding evidence Pennsylvania The only daughler married David umph and victory. Such a fact Is Itself a.iffirientare gas-pipe, u<.w in and la OeU weaBisr aU old In Kit o'hi-r Instances, the power to annul (he of fear;and that any community shouid uniergo (he if , lutely in tne face astbeybad left a field of tri- just lobe madeanyby unworthy mn'We^, by vmdll atnbliluus, by Too i»i] the Kkrtaa bill that Territory became as inuoh a of ispaclly and worMllnessthat ths ideas of this exuediilin (he use,keepThis would give a body ef•••aproperly ground d( defence lor the poetical, or the oiiio familiatrtiscnorrespondentPou-r Stsvs.ieos, en- (ke rsre fnllnlty;andlt'wss ih<! ein.lloess -.f theird'cile (• Un'i aI L< Pas. er. Tlds pliiB has beea SMgae^tr-dbefore, aad 1 he- PftOVIDBIfaB.At present,Utntitleeake theirent;;;;T. C. Alabama llill,Scbell, South Carolina.;; W. G.illdssolaiton which followed the unwise no le«s thaauibs than in defeating the plans of their eaemies.1 he arrival of some officers and soldiers from Hon- suftclent tu lorfeit Ibe claim of the Uezlcaa BepakUawe spoke of that gentleman as an Eneilshman and an 'ly endeavoring to get possession of the chief sq'iare theu-dntancewithFokbbs explainedasfollows1 would state that in I6i3 or 1644, In New-York,;May,from expected tletoteadwhich life wasedbyobhtsclesanddtfficiildes. Probablyamajority bereavemenUandsufferingsnodoubtrrcuaclledhiia memoftlieirRepublic,landedatRealejo,and(heac* Ingalltbe chlldran,aadatrryngOmweaHBIs an Certainlyandoftheof thlnps, and desire to see a cfaange, and if oaltedtheycouldixinttolthedestiniesofthecountry. But noblestbedeath- Thecroaswasthedeepestofdis- try. AmongthemwereD.MaximoJsaaz,D.M&rso aadthe ofotnnatseee'badf^-aiesatngQesyaUB- they are divided 00 minor matters. If men will stir- graces before eighteen centuries ago, and Uie sallows PiiixSA and D. Josa Masia Valli, leading citizens of people port, M^UeaedbrttSB aeasaak render nothing (o attain a great object, when Ills may l>ecome honorable If klavehulders do but con- tbe Occidlmisl Dtparuoent They had sailed from seemed ready to receive aayoBi itha would gtra manifest that without such surrender nothing can be demn a few disinterested and wi)e friends of the Tiger Isiatid on a vessel commanded by an American, them saleiy from their savage foe. In fket, setaralImportant question,it is surround-imperiled.tnvictim whether the death degrades him or he en-sr become even worse. But It Isto be believed that reasonable men will ktubbomly bSDgs on the indefensible ohsructer of his enter- oluUoniMs reached Cuintndega, thev were joined by Americans 10 keep off the Apaches.persist lu adhering to'fancUul Impracticable theories, prise—as far as we can yet see. At all events, I large numbers of the ana they proceeded, What Wsuta saw aad beard at Guaymss satlak4theysre,scarcelyU>*y surprl.-ed tbe ganlsonsmallNo Government could be constmcied or main- lows (hsn sl( on (he bench to sentence him 10 It or thither thev met tbe forces of the (Juvernment at sev- mlski Ksla a p<>«l(loB on the Sonars frontier, aadtained If every man, or every faction, should survive idm 10 bring up children to hate and dread eralperslat In having (hlngs their own way. The Ihe negro because Baows would havegeneral good Is (he puraraoun( objec(, and allelse must ht made sut>ordlnate to It There Is ARRIVAL OF SOUTHERN MEDICAL STU- Lecn, fled, alone, and without an escort, to Granada- can (Jovenmeat Theoendltien of the agper partierasWe minor differences, and unite with it Inabout(hedesiredreforms. ThechiefdifGcnltyInthe city, expected.ofsuchathe Slavery question.lies In on conflicting opinionsAltbuugh wc have shown thatwayunion,than on the Americaiirelieving the frontier from the cruelties of abringinghave arriveo m this and others are Sev- eral were reported as only awaiiing (he de(ermiaauoa of friends snd mess mates who were conyl theleriugproprietyofleavingthePhiladelnhia(;ulleg«s. Tne "'werefortheAnacbeouirsges. OaaoaemoreImsMdlaselyI reed him.DENTS AT CHARLESTON.The Charleston Couritr, Dec. 28, says Twenty-eight Southern btuuents from Pnils'letpbia'people, and unable to resist ihe revolution about(ban justice. whe(her aancdtmed or not fVi Meij l>ypart Philadelphia studenU I consider among the most important of the signs ofCkinstitution created (he ofhce of Presideni, who wascurred at the old mlsaioa of San Vicente, lUustratlve of the character of tbe expedltioB, aad of the purtet:forced prominence which. In certain quarters, ob- In Charleston by all the Profo^urs and pupils of ourscures tvcry other question. A sectional party has lledical College who remained, mnny hariUK gone rector at the pre<%dlng election In 1853, and his Mexico and the t^oatributloas of thearl?en on It, and continues its organization, thoughlUinto the couatry for the purpose of enjoying Christ- mas.A of tbe Medlcsl S(udea(s was Immediaie- msedngly called, and a Clommiltee appointed to prepare andoffer resolutions of welcouic and greeting, and onfrjecds assertedthat he had a ofmajority votes, butwe make no assault on any of Tuesdsy, 27th, after an adjourned" me»-ilog, a coUa- renderonIt; part tiOBwasservedJnhonorofthe Seceders,"sndAd-bejustifiedbythepleathatsay aaeM secured, Is preferable *• and will not do. As soon would we give up our Cbisbolm, and by msny of the Students. It was a from Tiger Island with the arms and ammualUoB that m which ladivRlnals and families are altogethershall surrender their opinions, even, and unite with olina. We take pleasure In presenting this abstractus in the mural view of the questionlet themenjoyOnanoccasionlikethepresent.It maybeexpect-Executive Inthehandsofspower Supremetheir If opinionspress sing before our eyes—nu one can be s lentevery ; lated law were summariiypunished. An ''"'» oo-GxDorsos anduttered on this occasion Prof. H. R. Faoar, Dean byof the Faculty of the Medical College of South Car-and acceptable to those who called themselves thehopes, and (o deeds of blood and carnage. The re- declare by their actions that we can be taught at panyof order. The new Constltutiou was printed poses of the conspirators wjn revealed t>y one Or tbewould we to the conservative men fouthall, L. P. Tree, Ala., Second Coursement was accepted by all tne municipalities of theEspeciallysaid tha( all of (oe Oemocradc Party of sectionKlism, and join us on high national grounds. llylon, Ala.;; Townseiid, Orion,.Ma., First townsiSlid the Democratic army, as It was called,of tbe old the arches of monastery, cranibllngmlghK[bethe South are uisuulonists, partyA. C. Briers.n, arching sou(hnaid,*reacbed Granada In (he early ingsin vague generalities. They do not reflect thatGodhasmadeadistinctionbetweenthewhiteand beenuiteiedbysomeofthemblack races, and that they cannot live together on that suchWe the sen tlmenia''of the whole party. But any national benefit. On the action of the North hsm. Temple of Health, S. C, First Coursespacious chapel,P. W. Trible, Due West, S. C, J. M. Browder, Pine Level. Ala.. First Course; J. T. Boyd, Warrenton, S. C, Secondtion Old not shrink Irom tae of it ; aad performancetbe very field where the unfortunate victims of tbe law expiated their offence with their Uvea, was eag-places of residence:name of Democrats, and woretbeir badge a rod;to ihe newConstllntlon; and callingmounted the wlilte ribbon la tion 10 the red ol the Democrats.;gliimists, theyopposi-;McFall,P. A. Hay. Madison, N. C, Second Couri^ethemselves l.e-gestivetne eApoiitionic Is and the Mexican Gortiroment asr-CourseCourseR. L. Myrick, Rumah, Ala., Second Courseerelly peformcd the duties of pro(ec(ioa tJ society. The expet'.itionary force, drawn up to viadicste law, by the most serious punishment it metes out te the;;; R. G.Duringthe month of May the Provisional Govern-;;which the holy fathers had recovered him, aiidejiared sobsaswellaathepropertyofthsPeatnsula. IataeMcLean, M. Matkin,theof their acts with dieae:Iimports Granada, the last remains of the expedition reached Saa Fran-seesstruggles ot pariies or tbe contests uf nations, may not be as well fitted as others (u speak of facU aoulciodissue Ol tbe conflict, so be who has ia (be mingledvlllag^reachedpartially by his own will and band. But If the me- the PrefeGcutaoyrmdaerse.d Um todatsye oOee ef aiid a^getting putoiitofslghl, thingsmay moirwriterbefairanddiscreethemaycoau-ibuie poUee,the necessity fur••Democrat'c army," and was a proof of the readinessto the allfgisMCe, enngedI.each lime routing themdent; D. facTo CBAMOaao, seelnK ttie temper humanity,i>uin'6,;of the and such an Let woald be ooe of aa. leasalier leaving Leon, having gone ast ay in the woodsand bills about Msnagua, and his pariisans had al-nrfist of ever him, when he despaired again seeingr»<eintothetownwherehisprincipaladherentsre- sided.Alter tbe revolutlonls's, headed by Jiass, reached Leon, they orKaiiizcd a Provisional Government, naming as Iiiin-tor D. Fsahcisco Casmuoh. This gertleman had U en a candidate for the office of Di-rlvilizadon ol (he continent and imtll a ;enterprise they Wheretoevt r they went tbey sought tn establish jnaliaa them to ed that something should be said uiion the events pas- Director, who was elected two years the new and maln(aln order, aad (hose among then whn vio-;fecaad a berce it was odious to the party stvling Itself Liberal, conspiracy (o de8er(, aad to pillage (he cattle- (araw1854up waa also promulgated on that day. The opponents court-mardal, found guilty of tbe efaarge aad aaa-inducethe-Southerncommuni- (eneed(obeshot A execuUonisa tedt of the new ConstitutioB say it was never promulgated. mllKary goodBuifor evils (hat threaten its Integrity, Is with the people, students.wbo have entered our College, with their luaintala the orsaoic act of 1638. They took the (ul as was the duty, the men charged with the exeea-W.II. Baker, thechurchofthemissionfathers. TaerooflessbaQd- appeal Lewis, Waldo, Fla., Second Course Departmeat, byCourse Course CotitseD.J. W. LIgon, Cross Hill, S. C, SecondtheshowedO.Union Sccoad Spring:,, Ala,tbe waste fields whichsigrs ol former culture, and the skulkiag form ef the half-clothedIndian,relapsingintothesavageismfroaiwhom weknow lo be utterly Incapable of acUng In concert Wild to the square of Leon. After the death of Cuakosso, gua 00 the steamer of the 15th ef August lUt,inAbollUonists, under any circumttances, we state tha( CoRBAL remained in command of tbe Lesltlmist army, being accompanied by Mr. WruJAa V. Wwa,ofjusUcegentlemanqueoiluo,ofdents from (he Northern Colleges. The following termined to act against the Government of Caoasas, monthly pav, and a certala auiabar of aeires ef laadresolutionsReeolved, That we wUl most cheerfullyat an early date,to thoie students who haveDr.Dnder the above head, in your paper of Dec. 30,nor In yetand this Democratic leaders.<mly had need of all the resources she could control,the address Is no( (o (he Doctor's wife, leader-bore (bnmselves who hadcourage (o not unwrrthv of mea aspirelMiss PoixrMasv) Srsnssoit, of been called the toExpheadaitsieoenntheMexican lowered Eupnriis Term—Ho.1*'.("ohe was forcase, sisrrSrrvsitsos, many guest,sad this Isin that diffi- and marches gard across one of the most Inhospitable regionscare at all1very possible.In such aI-—lesson to the lesson which this rising will teach. Your to manifest In Masv Sriaaiitsos lo the day of his cult *t by long fasts and vigilsyears (hetaken theirfirstIz7, 129, Ul. IU, 137.Part IL Bdjuamed ta Moadar.Court to Eastern Pennsylvaitla. His aged In Lower Calllornli afterwards artel in Vica'i-:u>a flame huraioginof woperty irihev had no slaves. If they uolt the ase. This lady, as the daughter of FsAflus's fsv- onderaload by the Aiuericaninpe!.•>aplvei-on C»llfirni» was Nhbo byeaeujb ^a* companies, o"* '" o*'^ weath-lega'dtui^e to So far as biblical, ur any other, of course It makes ni dlfler- joyed, more seventy yesrs ago,;However, thesemen crosseJ thsf»at la csvatloB, Willeddep(h;aad ea the ^ttli of Drrember, 1654, CAsnuni gave him a coteal- invi-.ing I., t-jrtuc. The alliance between the Goveru- zation graft under which three hundred AmSricsasfw'en oiTziioN and tie President of Hondurasre-Ingly sailed;detarmlned.1854.LAW M Oyer;;uniuat measureofsecularizing the missions, wereICfeetaoea-To hiacmpanlon,tberMOfe,ftlieAiatheir(o tbe mlae be cnMrseted to srofktrigues of CoL Blaboo, (be French were driraB WnAnbiua,. eB(srprlae P. WsnissrsaiJed for Gaaymas i> the moaUi ofpravMa otmself with a passport from the Medcau Coasal atSeeinghe went aboard tbe veseel for tkat purpose, tiMoomparattveiybody of Aramigaatclause la ^M Treaty of Guadidupe Hidalgo was rescinded by aae in tbe Gadsden Tieaiy, thepeo^of the Dalted Slatesmoreimmediatelyresponsiblebefore(heworUwar. NortheraSonorawas,tn men fact,fireand the soldier's ia- stinct leads him to construct rather than to destrey.Upper"'';through aetionsefnot oarCalifornia, resumed tbe occupatioa of esitor.CaleBdar—ThnradaTfJaa.5.'^pniwi GaaymaaforIke pw-ending In a Myrrt-gnnze tmraer, Mha eeies *fths Inturaaee;people did tke duty dsvolvaefIndian wesecollected with aad ttmm grea(er regulari(y oertwty(he dues to the tixgatherer. 'Tkestateaf this reglsa furnished the t>est defense for any Americans altalag;to settle tt>ere witbout the formal consent of Mexioe;On priratioiksthis occasion, too, the iatf:ofto builda^tke first law; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 