 i n s. .of teem villi their property, to ttai ,««'••'«to aid them j bythepower of. an indiis ttoProveThe battle of toe irr«««rihU-TM,ft«i has hitherto beenHon. D.E.Somes,oTMatoe:C.J. T. Jannej, of Virginia; D. G M.Chambers,ofGeorgia;C.W. andMr.W.Oven,of Catted States at the MetropolitoB Hotelsuff. Capt, Jordan and family, f. S. A., and Goiacoaria, Louisiana, were ia Washington onAxrfvmlsABSITAU. Haras—Ship Willtem Tell—John D Harper.T exat,have roeartnd thisKeuteefcy, tosreaamgtot tea^Arfcaaeae,foundh itheir,^,.teexora.t o- £ « ^ ^PRICES. WATCHES AMD JEWELSY.aawtractioa, that you esn tower oakauae —ttw Territory without the Afrunatem trade, arc both deaf aad blind to the historyIS^'lhtyhm-Titntfrr'iTitj]—""toottheirobject wm Hisea o*aloeor? withto ttoprearnt Hiaito fmryit *,snteaearnerof freeStates,sadMae thescorptoasur-—Ate by h n , tttoy wfll aaaha to Mine ttteif to death.te IBW ^jrttt *d adept it ax a MSMK teeWetothey ait'aaree. Btoyawn—I- >itatao,'OBtherostram,hithe thry declare that stoveryshaB be Territories. They took 09 It put of Kansas, and Smrpsthe promotion of from thecross roadof,<ant'Angeloby the Capuaaroadand. apeak with one voioe. dividedanddisposedmyforces inthefollowingorder,on Sorrroaxrroir axn HAnts Bataamalup Arago—MrPurehaser* wRIftad tt toaoteowtoagod that w o have treat to* with a t etvilraed totwtot hy vhtoh that doty is mutually secured ia all bajh ertoMa rjolltlsnl omtofften), and it is ovary day executed hy In and tor as snisr their treatiea. Bate* ear!}- m 183T « « t o ) olmman af Maine came to Savan- nah., *t*i« a store, fad to Mateo, and two lussnmlvf fievernoni refused to deliver ap the euteritj, the realQoartarmaster Verjus, of the Plana batteryI must also mention the excellent bearing of the twr>American officers. Henry Ward Spencer and Prank Many, of MM battalion Garcia, as wen as that of m y field aids, Cbl. Charles Carroll Hicks, Capt. Alfred Van Benthuysen. Lieut. Bemnai, Capt. Ottone and Nepomuccno Batagnias, and Capt. Fabiauo o f t h e Ctealese battalion.TOMES, SON A MELVAIN,moo.oooNo. 8 Maiden tone. New Yesk.•late, was ehmaatetot, an* Mbeen used.FOR wWIRTY DAYS ONLY WHOLES.VLh STOCK O FFANCY GOOD8 AT RETAIL.TOME3, SON A NELYAIN.No. 8 Maiden lane. New York.Fours at Toanji Prices Whether Psair exists or has ceased to eiist. THOti. REYNOLDS, 3te Canal street, three doom wast of Broadway.M.usssv —On Friday, Deeember 7, after a uagerunr iii- ar5R. MKTIAKLMABSKX. a native of Ireland, to the 36th year of hi.- age.Hi? funeral will take ptaee from bis tote residence,No. 80 Hiary street, this (Sunday) afternoon, December 9 , a t three o'clock. His friends are requested to- attend h is funeral.PmrBAKn—In this city. on Saturday morning. Decem- ber 8. of consumption. MAST AOAUSK, youngest daughter of the late Ihcma.- G. Prichard.Ihe relativee and friends of the family are respeetfullv tavued to attend the funeral, on Mondav afternoon at three o'clrck. fmm 181 East Fifteenth street.MRS. COMA L. Y. HATCH, THE TRANCE MEDflTH. wfll >oeak at Dodworth s HaB. MB oroadwsy an tete Sunday at m% A. M. and 7 P. M.ANY nCFORMATIONTHAT MAT am GIVEN OFL _ itadMltostQwajier- formerrrof toeematref Cams. TT»!and. wfll to tasakfnilv reseteed by atotr aetee. AaMeam EUss Duan, Mserisaata, B'«steae»ter count>, S.V.«tored to ^asternal aonnasto. ia t h e d'State Lesfrtonrre*, Let,asIt w iU b e to be raised isaHi hoedeetorod"h, I aeoopthia\DaSPATOH TOM GSKgnjLL[Translated far the Nov T o n HmutD.)Sam' AJKWXO, Q tt. W , 1M 0. Daring the day of the BSth I reeerapd an order tCol. W Gates. U.S.A.; ex-Gov. Louis rytoad;ex-Gov.Jno.P.Jackson,efNew Baadolph Clay. United States Minister toly: J. B^Baker, Cofloctor ef MM Port of Cant. Friabie. r . a . A . : Chat. George T Town.CG. H .; G. W . Heatey, Bombay;New York; L. de to Forrest. French- Consul at1Coven, ral,from He.fill lateiiod to Calvaryformerly of Newburg.rent tohor: taere- country if they desire it. Nemenm hot rune anB /« aanngeof that act date*. The enemy amthe Maof March wMTherelativesandfriend?ofthefamilyarerespectfullyinvited to attend tee funeral, from his tote residence, No. Canalstreei. 16 Bast Twelfth street, between Ninth and Tenth a r e -1not of]ofannulled this tow Butwearetoldthatsecessionwoulddestroythefairest alhto tootf laapsatreohateta. IsayvafuBy. knovmgiy fabricoflibertytheworldeversaw,sadthatvearethe iad corruptly The oaaatiTtotoB ia phvto; it was coe- mast prcspuuoa people in theworld under it. The argu- struedisITtBbyWashingtooamitheSecondCongrena. mentsoftyranny,aswellasitsadte,alwaysre-enacttotteSenate,thebillfarthejondittonoffngitrrasVOB themselves, thearmament*Inewsearat>oeor«/this Jtonhera sntoaahas are identical to latotowce. and mtmam ihiTa»ii*iar\laiaa>iinhii ratandsigned byWashington. •a Ae tame leordt, at those which mam nasiAB the eenrto of the Cmmd States, fiidoral and State, m m* aad 177* to snstoto « e Brine* cem- ftoto the Saprome Court of the Coitod Mates to the Jus- metmmm. W e v o n liberty, sovereignty aad mde-CsaausToa—."iramihtp Jaa Adeer—Miss Gray, G F anos. this (Sunday) afternoon, a t one o clockSTFBEOSCOPES A N » vTBWS.The tersest stoek o f at tee1o f abnitotea a il over t h e . abolition societies, popular *hing bat tonuhcattoas andtnt DaBnM0* BKO Oi lAPmtf ieaisof a fntotopfe molt ef noa). army, aaty and Aweary,defence.flaualy years ef lobar anddraw him. delayed replying, in order that h e might g e t closer to him.of the Cataa, tor the meet aotemnwufettyl kaowtotfy and oar- Then strike, strike while it is yet time.purpose he endeavored to turn his horse and fly. but was ArdeU. B Buyle, MtosA Boyle. toolate—theMajorpointingamusketathisbreast.com-street, at half-past one o'clock.Giu—Suddenly, onSaturday, December 8. TBonaspeadeace hy the American Revolution—we endeavoredThe very menwho usethesearguments this constitution, this compact, is violated,from both. Oar purpose to to defend these liberties. or this ftiiql oxpesteaeat to have written open ita tomb. Fen by the hands of ahotttwHtota and the cowardice of Us natural defenders."• If w a omul oow this will b e itaWe are said to b e a happy and prosperous pe«{de. W e be>anw w e bore hitherto maiatoined ear ao- tbetr Itotito, when they seek to compel you to ^ a n d cieui righto and liberties—we wih be until v e surrenderiw Courts of afl the aseder m y natwe, construed this consotntaa. to,therendUJonoffugitivedavoshylav Ml. ant thwarted hy SMB*1of the stoarosae Chart or 1toot by the abolition party. " sesnte their robbers and uavebrokenthecasket? Isthisthewayto preserve liberty? I would as lief surrender it bosk to the Britten erowB as to the abehtionatte. I vffl defend it_ xjarrasar A S » anmoeai srara urrraaras. Bvaavaaa Mi ita CLAIM, ofia, Dae. 8. Wm\oar own store vtthto their hy tagem!ML ML177 last Twelfth street.HocswHt—At New Orlean* on Saturday. December 1, oftyphrs fever. Mr. Caaaias Horaru.v. ol New York, tote of Scotland, aged 2 8 years.scotch and Ihglish papers please copy.HOTT.—OnFriday, December 7, in theSift year of hrr age. SABIXA.widowofGouldHoyt.The funeral services will take place at Grace rhurch.onMonday afternoon, at two o'clock. The friends oi the Cood Cloth FTaekeoats.t, paid by brethren to glide through the domestic and instigate insurrection, with all o f its nameaesB horrors. Myenuntrymen. " if you have nature in you bear threatenedend>ub- itnot.'' Withdrawyourselvesfromsuchaconfederacy. ittoyourrighttodoso;yourdutytodoso. Iknewnot why the abolltiouisto should object to it, unless they wa.itJOSEPHA VE2ZANA,General.FCBMITt RE AT A GREAT SACRIFICE, B T DEGBAAP A TAYLOR.Owtog to the tre;>> deeline in our Southern trade. toavtns>aa an imaneas* surpius stockon hand, we have oonetadadtooffer the wholeATRETAIUATCOST.FOB THE KENT TIHBTY DATS.that they h a d eeiy au»ten store*—1msaamw- ••. ..__j ah *•*^^.-»ISsanpted to cover their ptoto1stod Mbtor oaMto vMh •ansv nt,;t«. hatthey toitod to hide fromrM*dhih«a; we had only a eons ofodeteytoit. Ittostoaai,nnd1 r*-ady aaam to iteg aadltosaaiiiuiiB's koi'•have ahawa yan what this nstty towdoneanddeA Christmas Present.ANY PERSON INFORMING FOOTER A THOMPSON, ft*hy hove already referred, to the votes of his. hy the Their optwwmw are to beofifunerel. from the reatdence ofbaraon-to-bvw.A. ,Na 46 First ptooe,on Monday afternoon, atami Swtae Wanetoa. afl i •fete D C. PEAOOCH,X a t otheTerritories,and toput itunderthebaaoftheempire mtheStateswhereitexists, fheydedart theirto trmragatntt tiatyrry mmtil Mm*akeJt not to aAmerica, amiwmtiltheA/neon udevoted tomguides commanded by Captain Consolini.and theCala- brese.ledbyCaptainMoracal,whichoccupiedthebrick house—the position from theMsmmoHon post, between thewood,skirtedbytheVoltumo,aad thecoveredway whtoh toads t o the level space occupied b y t h e royalist., Decembers, Mrs.BomuBBSOB, Levis Beach, Esq.,agad80years.4offered at ladanad •iinarOi sate b y ROBERT RAIT i CO.,No.MlBroadwav,eppaatoCite M.T. GAS FUTtREB, AC.,ACSTEPHEN PHTLBTN. 707 BROADWAY, Offers for sate, a t movent Baton, aFRENCH BROKXES. DIRECT rMPOBTATTOM, Constotteg of Mantel =stands.Ac.Ar. «PhambtngsodGasFittingattendsdtoasusual,at! •treat, aad Bo. 5 / '(1BSMT R E D r m O N -CAHTLL a WOOD. MM T oow, 1I teste*w*y deseripttaa, to par saat torn than their fo CaB and see for yoaraMvaaRAPWAY-S REfirXATTNa PrLUl.THE BEST PrROATTCE MEDICTRE IM WOBXD.tbrrwaasmtaf telss si.aad tee 1 tiallT rof the 1 tramRsdwaT s Pesaanatog Fate ma tee oarr m i s l l i for entomel, ssecure,to tee3D the roed effeetaontentsilmtrupon seneeof teamtot/, and tens aU ssmrfiiri anoa preparationvoaU oat make wp for me eehmmfme mmr enemdet tumid gam if the. rieimaananaVtoa' Mmh meantJtndyentothe UnvmHis friends are respectfully invited to attend the fusePAULACUMTTS," TADMAN'S CAMPHOR CAKE WITH OLYCEBINE.for eiiatjped hands sad ltos. requires n o ai Mattel heat to applyingitasIIdwaoiws madttv vbaa aavhadto tee akavtrampledthem. They are in danger; come, freemea, to the ren- ia the afternoon reattenipted it three times, with a great stoerting yoar righto aad failing to gat them. Thai at ens. g we are m-osperoae it ia due to Ood, ourselrea aad er number of cavalry lancers: and our men, more obsti-family are invited to attend.KSXLY.—In Brooklyn, on Friday. Decemhoi 7. ai aF'ue Cloth Proekceats..iSo-ner Cloth Proefcroaso5 . n « 0 C 1 a i lam s B o K i n w w C o a t s a,flBB Faac> Camimere Psats(to aaVlity a f a u r brethren <*) t » toeir piighied f*ith— the wisdom o f our State government. W e have a n exe- th»«r oft roneotod aoths! Y et ansae encaateat people cutive, iegistotive and judicial deparunent at home, pon- atossg at tout some store of saeh secanttot far a w smaiBg aad entitled to the confidence of the people. I rhjht*.earpeaceandaeenrmy. Ced^Almightyhare havealreadyvainlyaskedforthelavofthefederalgo-nate than they, would sufie,- themselves to be killed to a man before they would yield a foot o f ground. B a t their eflbrts were ef no avail; assaulted an all sides, vith a veti maintained fire, they were obliged to retire into Capua, pursued to thevery face of their redoubts by all the forces of MMdm«ion. including th e reserve couimanded bv Col. Fabrial, who was uior tally vounded.Thus ended the day of the 29th, m-irked by the sunt obstinate resistance on both sides, in which all the corp>- aggretately deserved th e highest praise, if such b e merited by the firmness and courage as well as bravery ami enthusiasm shown in so difficult a situation. I kuv •quartertosevenP.M.,MARTKLI.SX,danghterof B'Uliam Graver sk B a k c r t CelebrnteM Mwtaoloao and Mary Kelly, aged four yearf and a hall.Ac.. EVANSA c..A c.. ACtothtoglofniohcaanBTe them. Aaolhar one of hi the canotitatien v o s , that fofttiTW moneatato sodteetog abytheatote totovhichEztoasrre KuiT.—On Thursday. November 38. at the residence aad FCL TON .HTREET.ma me hohen to the emmkl mat hatm. atBtoVs oast ountofert as hag ear ahali- toe T might fee to the authentic* of the State from hum •brdhrrn" in the Norm. There in nam:. whaoce they had and where the crinae was rmistirted. I cent pe to Bnyiand er Pramte, or one ether eeaatrt in$300,000 WORTH~oTWINTER CLOTHTNG, FUHBTSHINO^OODS,Ac.MEN AND BOTS.To besoldott at an IMMENSE SACRIFICE BY T B E 1ST O F JANUARY.IN YTBW OF THE CONDITION OF THE TTME8.We hare concluded to dispose of our entire stock on hand at A VERY I;REAT SACRIFICE ONTHECOST.of her uncle. Henry OosteUo, Tomkinsville, Staten Island. HxjcarcrrA, th e infant dacghter of J. M. and Sarah Kelly, of Portland, Washington Territory.A large concourse of their Staten Island friends and aequintancen s a w t h e remains o f their child t o ita final resting place, to St. Peter's Cemetery.KJXR-VVN-—tin Friday. Decern ber 7. BRIDGET K m * AX. wife of Patrick Kiernan. a native of the parish of iiohill. county Leitnm, Ireland.The friends and acquaintances of her sons. Thorns*- and Patrick Kiemanju-e respectfully tovited to attend the fu - neral, thi* (Sunday) afternoon, a t one 0 clock, from h e rv late resideace, 344 First avenue.Krarx.—Suddenly, on Thursday. December 6, JoaxKrm-z,aged26year>«.His funeral took place from his kUc residence. No.4o7Grandstreet.K K6between Gold aad CM** 1 Notes on si! the banks of the Tnion taken at par.MAIDEN LANH.FOR THrnTY DAYS ONLY.WHOLESALESTOCKOFFARCY GOOD* AT RETAIL.that promotes our prosperity. / home $hami mat retard mtesrmnsrato sasnp that dram our me hemJU *f oar mmrrett, feet. I » y bitterestCemetery, from her father's residence. Bergen street, near Vanderbtlt avenue, this (Sunday) afternoon, a t half past two o clock.This wesotatiaaal aatoctole i% nothing • • * • then tovT'/S;,•anUtv of jovaratonty •aod m aoiveraaBy 1laaineci ami iitflmi called ••the gtaeient l.'niim;"' here atone am / whom are the brave Col. Fabrixi. Captaiu Couaolini andjsanywhere excepteupeaUaed as a febm; here alone, am I am outlaw;here ahmejan I under the ban of the empire; here atone I hove neither security nor tranquillity- here atone are organiasd <roverumento ready to protect the inceadiar> . the assassin who burns m y dvet&ng or takes m y life or those of aife and children; here atone are hired eau-yoa to torture and phiader yon. If they rant this great right make another war of independence, for then wiU be the question, fight its battles over conquerlibertyandindependence. Atforme,I amy place a t the great comjiict for right* which youOMfOteton. I via take name to thefederal gaeermment A n top Mr. Lincoln't amnmrnmrmmm.If yen desire s Senator after the 4th of Sarch yqu mnatetoetonetomyptece. Ihaveservedyouiathe teste and notional counsels for nearly a quarter of a cen-agpr* 1 year, 1 month and 7 days."The t'ri< nd*, and relatives of "th< family arr- respectfullyinvited to attend tee funeral, thai < Sunday) afternoon, a t ball-pastoneoclock,from the resideace of bisparents,No. 74 Frankfort street.McAtiamm.—In this city, on Friday evening, December7, Wnii-ta Mt-Aumms, uged 18 years, formerly e f Cooks- town, county Tyrone, Ireland.Steep, Waiie, sleep,I loved you a s a brotherKind friends around y o u weep,I have kaned you tor your mother.The ft-'lends and relatives are tovited to attend the fu- neral, this (Sunday) afternoon, at tpro o'clock, from h isat 141 Bowerr.tury without once toe in * yoar eoaadence.ready lor the public service when honor and duty call I wiU serve yon anywhere where H wiU net degrade and dishonor m y country. Make m y name infamous forever, if von wdl, bat save Georgia. I have pointed out yourVOUT danger, yoar duty. Ton have claimed mt Mat rights b e respected, and that justice b e mbtoaon it on year banner, fight for it, w in It.or perish ia theTHB 3EVSXTB *M}1MMST » h aW E m » TO VKUT BMrnUOB.Owing to the exertions of Mr BaBev, the arti«t.who has recently settled ia London, it is extremely probable that MmLondon rotaatears vffl sand bythe next steamer to tovitat ton to the Seventh regiment to paya vifit toMr. Btonciiard Jerroid. v a n i s captain o f a crack Lon- donvolunteercorps,aadseveralother literaryaad military celebrities,aoanaw ateteBatoanumanbyfray theout. -Sail,ho'"oaoarweatherbow.stenchngctose AlfredM diCo.HsvfnToryDoaira.-TMJ to raise a fund of £ 3 » OW to di hauled, with port tacks aboard. W e to onee hauled our hie assortment of s Overeaata, Busintiss Coats, Ac. well taken to Calvary Cemetery for interment.ECHO-TBT3KM"ISALETTERFOBTOT.PLEASE caRandaettt. Eapeet ta see you an tea ami. a t savors urtm.Daa'tfsii. ^T7Ei^rT2FJK2I'Jl,ulLT?B SCNBAY PAPERS. IJ^T£Z.!*Jhi£h*" ,««^aasbsanexmwfms; you tot week: tor test addrea- If ,ou am this,cato *Z\l 1-0 me :--g-raaovar. %tMLH()NKBTY-WTLL FTM© A RSPLV TO* ateauoaaiboxHBHeraldonce. L.1T^*"*-*? ^WAMTED--OrM,CBOWLEY METTKBi-^^«r5*!Lf*"* •* •*»«*.who toft hs.h dlaa.theJersey BadroadGregory, o f t h eThe friends at the fxmfly are tovited to attend the fa-aeral this (Sunday) arternoon, to tw o o dock, from aash tofiansdin to Pairtek "toons. MB W akwanwtiveJohnjkaoaaBwfllfael Ihnolfsl 1 aav«mt whoofl] atenr York. BtoxateaaoamataTNFORMATrOa WA3TKD-OT JAMBS COBS. AGE*a r e very entbaetostto to relation t o t h e • many leading citiasns o f I^odou.T h e r e l a t i v e s a n d f r i e n d s o f t h e f a m i l y a r e r e s p e c t f u l l yinvited10attendthefuneral,from tee residence ofher CLARA WILL FIND A LETTER IM THE INTIMf father. James Laverty, No. 210 Second street, this (Sun- square Post oSce, Moaday. % FAST 4 P. M. day)afternoon,attwoo'clock. TheremainswiflheThin shows the taritetiou wiU come actl stoned that it wfll go far towards countermade, atvery1 Nicholas Hotel.prices.No.SS7Broadway,naaerat.iMtenetogtheuinimainil i'a meant reply infUlLSOAB_ byLordrnl- to Oompany F», Ntoth to their hands. ItPieooree T e aCteyHBm.a Iin this war. of Lincoln isthe him, and ofBrooklyn, onbar 8, Mrs. Ircnroa HOLLOWS, rohct of CharlesTYIAMOltDS, WATCHES AND J1WBLBT. HBLUNB OFF ATHALF COST,im me ownI aiu y e tEVERFto which the hove exwhether we were gaining any, ami preparations were madetowetsail,andbendanew mainsail;hutthebreexe ratbur freshened, and w e could s e e plainly thai w e were gaining **ethengaveheraeoaplemere*hoM,butshe kept onasthoughwewasn'tworthminding. This made oar captain rather out of temper, and orders were givenstar';!orsmoke. Bold everywhere. Priaetoal depot 107 Ful- tonstreet.N".Y.(leaned wlthsot taking apart:alsogentlamaotogarments. Dyeingofailkindsat490aadabandon the position of San Michele over Mmldatoni, an!betake myself with m y division to 9sat' An-reto, vhereon tee foBovtogday, the 27th, I encamped on the plainsbeneath Capua. <to the morning of the Bfth, I veat viththe General Dictator on Mount Sent'Angelo. where I es-tablished positions better adapted for the situation of the phut, and family. Motor Lvmuigtoa, Lieut. J d o f H K . The friends of the family are respectfiuly invited to at- Btemamte,1 mrees o f m y division, destined o n that day far new en-counters vith the enemy ander Capua, from the top of that mount I noticed some mevemeats ef the royal troops,asifthey intendedforcingthe extremeright of our position, vith the object of occupying the pasture ground of Togntoo, being advised. perhaps, that there wasSaturday. Decembert,after a long relict of MM tote John Berft« years. '"latollim of MMfamily are respectfuJlyMM funeral, from her late residence,GBEA TBEDCCTTOMIVSeward, and Sumner,and confederates i a t h e a mortar battery being established there. I then v e a ttheir ixed purpose to the high ground of the Tognino meadow —The Ctoatose outlaw four thousand millions of our property to batulion. already preceded by the oompany of footMrs S M'Neil. NYnrk: MrJ CMeaamorffer. Han FranM L Dacsou. NY«rk: Mr Z C Huber, Mr and M m Owtoey A Shaw, Boat4>n: Mra Beux, Mr and Mrs W m J StiUman, NTork;MmHenrtoteiWelto,MrandMrsELord,Jr,NTorfc: MrJohnKax,itah;MraadMrsBOBefl,BYark; MrCV toienaer, Utah: MrWTCowman,CaUfornto; MrWC Htatoea, Utah:MrandMrsWMtt~tekenhamaadfamihr,Philadelphia; Mr and Mrs f O John and child, Caracas, South America: Miss John, Caracas, South America: Mr John Needham. Utah; M rstreet, on Monday afternoon, at half fromteehsaailfalataekofWi ALLGENITItB ARTICLE8.seWhcal eomahto ansa o V white m a n . Lincoln,thanand mmirprimtipiat. andtohwearnajmaeiiM dorJores camp,being taken. TheBattalion fiateppa occupiedthe Samuel Door.Beaton: MraadMmGeorgeQCauoon,Utah: avwiue.mdvrma the cmmASct irnmrtmOie mdefdmrimg, until shtonv umtere atensasn.Hithertotheyhave earrtoa onthis vnrfsre byStatehyindinduaiactum,byappropriation,bythein- y l tore* and the pntonasd bowl. They wereMr Frank Bsrtiett Boston; MrJohn Rvan. Mahonv, Mr HPVremie; MrJohn D He«rn, MrW H peuberg. NVork;Mrs DusehaneckandtwoteiUren,MmCBDeFoes,Cuba;MrN Fate),MmCornevln,Franee; MrTAComstoek,MmCFab-banks, child and servant, Miss Potto. Mr H B Clamn, Jr,mark; Mr If Fatto, Mr A F Edmonds, KYortt; Mr John Ttoriel. John. Patrick Cobeener, Wtoeoastat MrOWiuichen, MrJohn Feraer,Via_ th e federal Judiciary were against them. it tpto the heads af a—am TaapanMamn j f of cat/ediral Mmcmtim with itaeonsto; Mr t> Hadamaod, Parte; Mr John J Deal, MrJSHi- monton, Mr John Maples. KTork: Mr Bopto, Mr R Maoles, Mr BearyMetaa. MrWWtcten, Ohio; MrTchrtetaa*el, 'atterd the funeral. No. 100 First avenue, o'clock."avtodo their work. Are they1net. Thepartvputitintotheir andttoreceanemthe4thelMorrk neat. Hitherto ithatMr Ahave iI the corner stonea thtir Thjangrr fhiffimsi T •—*" to an il ptodgod to etos/efwBi.tlwgteaa the iomdsaf aavr a o q , Will,LrrraroQL—atetmtelp Gtaagow—Wm Beaver, Gerome The relatives and friends o* the family areK. ftmlia to «Bit,sadptodgad toit.erery abolitionist yamlethimhum*? (Criesof"No,no. Never.") ThenLoutoto, Geo F AM, wife and infant: Albert Wobo. G F Johnson, J R RSI, Motbew Nelson, John Watte, T W JohnHall,MrsTartar.FJMurphy,BRJewoMVOF Render and lady.-Cabin » ; steerage Six. Total, flfi,invited n> attend t h e funeral, from t h e son-to-law, Wm.H.luntoy, No.08West Thirty street, this (Sunday) afternoon, at half-past• the Iman, to or ant of ptaee, a openly Ptodged, to onto ataanar, to drire as from the coonoon "ferrttenenwhile it is y e t today. Withdraw your eons he army, the navy and every department of the federal public service. Seep your own taxes in your own coffers—buy ansa with them and throw the htoody Mto t h e common Territoriee with aQ o f o u r property. spear into thai d e n e f incendiaries a n d aanussinH, toni lartiitail,andn>bethere protected to ita pence andtotSoddefendthe right. Batyoaan adaisedto wait, to aeon soft —msgiin to their brethren, t o b e g them to relent, to give you some assurances of their bet- tor fidelity for thefuture. What more can you get from them under this government? Ton have the eoasUta-tteacoaflfct, nam nn h itohnat.nUtopianihii Btoeeafly uader Ithe equal right with the North to goWin yen tbraa: salsteal iiwjtr'np'tr and sieate.1st this a only one of U*e potato of the ease; the North gratetodeliverapfugitive*frontlabor. Inpuraoanoo iteattouoeofthecoaptation,Cnhgtnto,to Iff*.Statov; that sja"never vontastefully nonastod all •ortoeNorth,totItwasnotabstractedbyStatetegto- dhesistfl wflbto ten tote teerty years, but.the spirit of nettetytooarrtehtehoraonwmora active andde-It was four o'clock P ML T h e enemy sustained our as-sault with bravery for two"hours, when, driven in alonghis whole line, h e found himself conipeutd to retire to-ward Capua. Col. Bruxzesi. with hia command, immedi- Brown, F U Brown, Miss >' Brown, Miss L Brown, John afterreor, at half-past one o'clock,nasi sever , mahanamt, rnvsMm y f ttojssfh, *$ army, it* nosy torn en toe aide ef the eaaahnahan a n d the rtpet. after theFuUer, Rev T MIaar. Mr. Nanthia. Mr and Mm ~ Bbd aad child. Mm M Townrow.-Total TLCox.—On Thursday M., wic ow of the late months aw> 8 4 days.yesis yon,bare their oaths they have brokenall these, aad wfll break them agate They tell you everywhere, boldlysaddodantry,yeashafthave nopaver,nosecu- rityuntilyougiveaptherightofgoverning yourselves according to your own will—until yon submit to theirs. forthisisthemeaningofMr.Lincolnsirrepressibleeon fiict—thwishisemphaticliectorationtoalltheworld. Will you heed it? For myself, like the Athenian Ambas- sador.Iwintakenosecuritybutthis,thatitshall sotbe to thepowerofourinsmiestoinjuremyately occupied the parapet of theroyalist camp, which the enemy had abandoned, and placed the Cicalese batta- lioninpossession.Jackson, GA Miller.SAvsusAB—Stenmahrp Aususta—Geo A Jams, Master Sea- man.MrsSeaman,MtosBrock.Mrsl!itBambv.MraadMm •ft'HNevlson,MasterB>vi»a,MissABrooks,MtoMMKlota,FfH.—On Friday morning, December 7. Joaar Fan. in the & m year of his age.His{Heads,andthoseofhi?eon,WilliamJFish,are re'pectiuliyinvitedtoattendthefuneral,fromhistaleThetaptareoftheSlaverBtotrfcCava.The slaver bark Cora arrived at this port tost evening from the cotst of Africa. From the follow ing correspondence, from th e west coast of Africa, it wiH be peireived that she had on board when token by the tatted States frigate Constellation over seven hundred stoves. Italsoappearsthat the harkgavethefrigate a long run. which lasted for four hours and a half. The slaver w a s first de-oried b y t h e Constellation a t about half-past seven o'clock on^the evening o f September 28, and thelatter having given the former notice that she wished herto stop, by sending a thirty-two pound ball jumping across the path she was taking, on finding she_DEVLIN, HCDBON A CO..398. S » and MO Broadway.afnu?ofthesmellofF*vder t the* quarter beat aad sent herf c ^ >^«^-?«aamabomofOmponyF,SeeoadBigliiflMovToakatateMilitia are respi ctfufly reanested ta attend th^ funeralemptaesd at to* Astor Hi«sr. Bew Yarn. AnvtafoT Stiairi-intoKMmmayheseatto134West FestruenU.attoet.TBCB ABBBBJAme. " astassuto? *".*""** ""^ amoerisaawof 1* ? > ^ ' f iteckina it an; but oar joly captain van ^ » TM«MII »»[Bothershe*. Thatwasthetost-hotarea. »<.esasaaadgeneraltealhealth Theybarebeentried,aad IJXTWG VTrVRySBl are to tatodty WHO WILL TESTIFY TO THEIR riMTl'Bm. Depot 75*WTBlamstreet, New YorkUnas,w*h the V_ERY Broadway,r-I WASAT WtetolARTHA,S;HBat Mt, MR. Y! J^ITTLE BCFF-I HAYflvitetomatketshot;9til the bark kept on. It teBv n s evident t o a s aB that one d i d • ^ * f £ * - TM " ^ * oa longteher mors w e r e s t o f ^ . ^ l ^ ^ J t TM to k*d with she*. We could fpadj aae w n a o « » tawd thehark,aswegwronowvMhte >ny^aapaflawit Beaten ware tovaa totoretheshofl mtoner mavmw^emmwm. .mmmmyammw smim***- *m»»'•• m .._ J . —-,— tmmt\ iSlliT f*hta> toteteto — tenumteauanf*, i k m flMtHsV % ! • • •• • • I W V OTOMBmlItowhad» rt^ to» »«haft Bin at last, and c f eoarse Mm firing were so jtoto thto^ve naahoch» Waseat*u»tuattoa'htowdofher,andshe w h x h w e had been ctwnhqraamatter msae toagw * •ifci 1Gam BI«tar*a«->ltodtRAMMN I? hawk.W H O WtaSB ECtime. Asthefeyw&tr;tutinoaher aftaa craft coo**haae tokeB'har. b® " •arte; s » tior boats reached«w*«Ma-«nrrki:t a,mxteaabalookedBto• •*»£«announce,tewetaotogked^ ir5naTAHTOtms.ground in the neighborhood of the white house, extend- ing itself from theright side towards theSataillo meadow ThoseforcesveraentrustedtotheskillofColonel Brux- sesi,towhomthepositionwasconfided. Thethirdcom- pany of the battalion Garcia, under Captain Boy Gilbert, strengthened the position,occupying the ground between the Cosmo Gravaate a n d SalaiUo. A complete battery wasstationedontheroadtoCapua, at thebrick house. In reserve were the column Fabmi. except the battalion Galoppu, already in position, a a d t h e battalion Ofaato. These occupied the Tognino meadow and adjacent fields.At about eight o'clock in the morning the enemy pre-sented htmnelf to force o n our extreme right, endeavoring, vith theaid of the batteries of the fortress,to carry the position occupied by Colonel Bruxmni.Our forces sustained the attack for a good six hours, Mavairrii ffteaiaahhi Mammas (apt Toon. Julio gaae- o'clock. Her remains wiU be token to Greenwood Ceme- when, t h e royalists attempting with renewed vigor t o rac, Aatouto Martin, Manuel P Pfl, Anaatecio Herquea, M rs tery.make themselves masters o f tee position, it became ne- Herreroa. two MisaaaBerreroa, Sttoooa Crow, Carina de Ar- EABIB.—On Saturdav morning, Deeember 8 , Eowaar*cessary to order the reserve, under Ckd. Fabrixi, to ad- vance a t double quick.trca, Simoa Maranrt, Caystami Barque. GmBermo M Prader, Pierre Prader, Frederieo Garrla—aad 2ft in th eSUTAK*AH—fileammrc R R Curler—Mtoa Tonne, R B Bel- sham aad daughter. J B Curran. Samuel Parka, Mm R J Lar eonibe, infant sad arrvaat; Samuel^. Brown. Peter Law pence, Joe O Connor, J D Cuawm, Mm Sarah B GaDop, L MEAK:v, Jr., son of Edward and Eliza Earle, aged 6 mouths anil 16 days.The friends o f t h e family a r e respectfully- invited t o attend the frneral. from the residence of his pareuts. No. 12S North Fourth street, Williamsburg, this (Sunday)Duringthenightofthe28th.certainof">etusrattackedthe follow ing day, I fortified the position opposite the J T Klots and lad H <mith. R E Cortes, M Kelt), D B Grant, residence. Aster Place Hotel, entrance No. 2 Neilson noawoses more or toefortresswithatargequantityofearthbags. Hereitbe- phy.HHansen.WmAMaUov.MtosMWetohTJCMeCofiOm, comesnecessarytorelateananecdotewhichhappened* WilliamDin.JoaKeBrr,DBGrant,1st;MmMAWilliams,Mrs Rosenthal. MteaWB Powers. Mtos F A Lord, Wm MedL MMfffli.i'wr,MrsCTMcMann,LPMerle.WFtorcfl,PH Pond,8Guckenheimerandburr.EdGleaw>n,HRBornton and lady, H Bovntota and lady, Miss Bornton, Mtos Owens.o'clock.Frm—On Ssterday. December 8.TaovAs Frre, agwl90 yearsand7months.in thedusk of theevening at the parapet. A royal car bineer,whobadtheprecedingeveningDroughttheorder ofthedaytotheadvancedpost,presentedhimselfandasked fur an officer of the royal chasseurs. The Ctealese Hm Footman, Chas A Jarvta. Major, aware 01 th e snare into which the carbineer wouldSEWTKGMACHINENEEDLESOPEYBRY tern,warrantedbeataurnlsoaabansevadfar whoiesale sad retail by Bartlett A Co., « Tpelledhimtosurrender.andmodehim prisoner. PrnmlBjraOa the morning of the 29th when the horinm Lotteries:— Sossxxat* H.Cuanu, C u s s SB. Dee. a IStUtuuna-.y.tolamentinthosetwodaysaboutthirtywounded,ammgBntetoelor's ofatr Dye—Reliable, H stern and tnstaataaeoas; black or brown. Factory 81 Rarclav street. Sold and applied at BA TCHELOR'8 Wig factory, Id Bond street.California papers please copy.MoRiasx.—On Friday, December 7. Jons A- no«msE, Ateiher of oiu-threestores,87Bowery,MRPearlstraat,sadPrestrv lag beautifytianjgc thehbair. 8S0o!ld only at W.A. BATt'HELOR'SCBam -Fornewly invented nig factor}, to Bond street.MoldaviaJT )MARY8 CHURCH.THE GBARDFAIR A N D FMBTTYALFor Throat Diseases a n d t oasjhs, I se BROWX'S Troches, whieli are sold by all druggists. Public speakers and Singers should have them.WngM, Street. »nn< r e d with piles for years, was cured hy wane threeBT.MARY SSCHOOLSpom otf HOLLOW AYTS Balsamic Ointment. It "heeded net the warning, but kept on her way. at tost been known to fad to the thonsatnts of eases where it has tote residence, No. 81 East Broadway.The Fate wfll he heldto the HHOOL HOCREat aad m Pit? street. Whieu has been beautifully sued up.began firing into her in real earnest, the shots taking effect upon her rigging and hull. When thevessel was taken she was boarded by an officer and some of the men of the frigate, and sent home t o t h e United States. W e are expecting farther intelligence o f the attair a s s w n a s the bark arrives .—TO TBS Et>ITOK OF TBK HSBAJLD.L 'sran DTJITI» Fto&Jsa COXSTELLATOIM, > Sept. 37,130B. /As I read ia your paper some time ago about thebark Cora, I wiU now give you the flrst news of her cap-ture by our frigate last night. W e had a smart chase,aadtinharkheldoutwen,inspiteofournhota,ofwhichw e d i d n o t s p a r e . I t w a s a b o u t s e v e n b o i l s y e s t e r d a yevening(weversunderourstar(wardtacksamiboundfor UwiydurtogtheChrtataia*hoUdaytso.ivoando) when the lookout on the starboard cathead sang Office 909Broadway. N. Ywind,andwhenwegotonhertoequarter wetackedand stood after her. a t the same time giving her a thirty-twopoundptll;butshepaidnoattention to the compli-ment, started neither taefcs nor sheets. butkept on hercourse. After a half hour'.- chase it seemed doubtful nowned Liquid Stove Polish supercedes all ethers: no dirt.KKATXT.—OnFriday,December 7,EaaaA.,oary daughter of A . Hamilton a a d Ehxa A . Bearey.aged 1 monthand14days.Dearest Emma, thou hast leftas, And thy toss v e deeply feel;But 'tis God that hath bereft as— HecananoursorrowsbeaLSuBt—In Brooklvn, o n Friday evening. Deeomber 7 . MARYASSTmS,wifeofSamuelHiSms,inthe3a,iyear ofherage.The relatives and friends of the famBv arc r^peetfuliy tnrited toattend the funeral, from her tote residence. 238 Bergen street, e n Mondav aftoi asan, a t tvoo^kick. B a r remains wifl be taaen taGreaawoad Cemetary.Ssrrn>.—In Brooklvn. o a Saturday, December 9, A r - cnwA, daughter efBownvtB. and Sarah M. Mattes, aged 17 moot b*.No. 137 Joralemenstreet, BroeklyaBTA.X.—OB Friday. Daeenteer 7 , BLurr L.. vtfe o f Thoa.- that the Seventh -. k to take hotter aim and fire into her. This was doneB roome street, corner of Broadway.C r e r n a n n i n LJttfe 10Broadway,eoroerofWallsbvet.•CGO WB8HK>Dt)hCK, F. ScawmrBUS, anwetary.^SLff**-**?. •^•hajr test mmr&£s!3F&Z fJSm'W^F «W«* MHiammmmltqartWSeiS,BBtoWti l • . BMClo Newark.• temWSt tMatBgAMMAM.Btortaatear.,|b» woditioaat bospi-eifcctuailv, a s her rigging atlerwardis proved, which wax cutaway by oar abate. It am mm evident to thoseon the bark that w e were coming a p with her "handtor thev oow threw overboard all their spare voter casks, booby hatch aad a lot of m our bows, and w e had to sheer about to keep iilHaW them. SUB MM hark kept on. andw e e k * * open h e r . i t w a s a s beautiful aas I aver saw,andMtete were many af<i«k that she deserved teteet dear for hermILleLT It w e v t o o n t Mo^Mtooe on board were not« F . President.•»^lim.,UlP shQV 4U*uaB8T*. fiOHMaAUTkOMWHEELER A WILSON'S SEWTNC. MACHINE,With tatportaat improremenis, at reduosd prices.W i l l p r o v e t t h h e e m m o o s s t t aq mw i p p t t o o b b l l e e p p r r e e s s e e n n t t t t h h a a t t c c a a n n b b e e o o f f i f Ve r e d t oETAS—In Williamsburg, MASGAKKT J. Brax. wife of formerly Surgeon to Glasgow, SeoUsad, wfll be eatotety re Meredith F. Ryan, m the 34th yoar of her age. warded __L,y«ata a a d «harvann Milht T otwoda. BLACK, WHITE AND COLORED.gmuhiefarJewelry Baa,Ftowar Maaufaetorera.h Dressmakers.Fall impertoticB now open. ARNOLD.NONSTABLEACO..•reteajL who lift asre for BaahtotaJaW.BBB;from Mo. iSSeaoaiavenne, this (Sanday) afternoon, at todeceive as. and « * » °8J* ****!?£ £7!hf *, XThm* J aTBJafy m^saasfftjvt VAaBto^kBaasaa^san£l IBTftaman BMsL- two o'clock.^mJ&dZtwo*£TM »*\£^*zr£t*%: TKRs'wiLL CURE CONSUMPTION, DYSSPEPSI.t, INIM* liESTItiN, DEBILITY. RnBYOCS atomam, famnto dto-Towntew.-hjBrorklyB, en Friday, December J, luxa nrre Gaeistna. tofaat danghter of Charles H. and Martha LoutoaTatwnsiad,aged1yearand»omnteaTheretotiwri aad friends are tovited to attend the fa- neral. th w tSanahr) aftonaaaa. a t t w o OotocX. fromttnw ^^^S^^^J^J^^ »' •**•&between Myrtteand FuUonavenaes. wtthoui farther h vWauoc«.~4a Brookiya, an Friday,D fatoueccnvutoxaa.CnaataxH., only son af Charles H . and Rate Adelaide WeOock.agad 1 BtovAhandMdavs.The rnaeral wfll take place teto rStoadayt aftomooa. at two «•cJock, frtmi Mto residrnc ef h a srandtatfa-r, Aatob L . Fenn. K?q.. IfO Hoyt stove*.n axv.—After n, Uns«ns£ itofrj-. .\.\njm W aar , aged S 3 y^n- «month*aad il days.'Ihervlativensaatfrtondsafteefam»vare wspeetfully mfned to attend the. ftoaeeelirom her tote natawatat. No. S4f W«-st Thirteenth •frWr. oa^Sundar aftcrBoon, af t w o tebefc. wiihout f....•*!;r -^jtoteto. Her rcmams viBb»»*»ki>*'tiikirHAMILTON BmuFraaenAvovamt iiiimsiflnVTy with Patent Fluia.Untitled Document<The invited'M eleven o"of thefamily arere spectfully on Tuesdaymorning,at residencf, N o . 2 8 4 Fifthoeeopy.7, Eraxsa, intent sonofaged1yearand3days. Mtete of hisSullivan, are invited to of his parents, ) afternoon, attwoPL I onis and flriCUMHY.—On MauriceandHanoriaThe frienra of the3d; PMrMahnn. MmMeMahon and two infants. Miss Mur- place, Otis (Sunday) afternoon, a t half-past twelve KTen,Adams, J C Ferris, Mtos M A Brenson. Wm S Coates, Wm HWarner. C Sleber, J MDow. Mm Patrvis and Aaushter. AOtten. J 8 Ctorfc aadoon, J S Owen aid •wife, Mrs Marmier.MrftMarv Maitinaad infant, MrsEGSmith andchild,HLulhi, G Haoser, Mtos A B Qaianan, R Doria, E Swift, M Dword Arpignano ' and the moment he acmmrtlished hia Stow. D W Storer aai lady, Jao Sharkey, Jaa Myers, C Mae ral, frcm his tote residence. No. 171 West Thirty-seaoadAt the third snmaiona he confronted the carbineer that hemightwriteforhimoaacardthepassword,composed of the campaign word, " i t Bemetrms, vith the pass-Fnrsnaa—On Saturday. Deeember 8 , JOBS FrxBOAX. a native of the parish of Fiehistown. county Louth, Ireland, inthe78thyearofhisage.ptiee* ever ngered in TbeLOSDOBready far the holiday traaV. Comuauv. AM Broadwaybriskfirefromteeforti. andcontinued to batter GaaxsCoawoLinammLorraar.CLAM08,Dee.S,ISnX funeral,fromhistoteresidence.No.168NorthEighth down houses, fences and treat; on our position, 56, 40, 52, 30. 9, 1, IS, 61, 11. T4. 6, 22, 39, 42. street, Williamsburg, on Monday afternoon, at twofourthaavrenueaindi.lilBleeckerstroeest.Bymaaililt»o«eeats. "UJINTER CLOTHIKC,destroying the Cosmo Gravaate. Towards neon, ia order to make a diversion in our position. 1 caused some ptotones of chasseurs, despatched irom the Poteraa Sassone. toshow themselves, singly, asa support, on the level grounds on thebanks of the Votturno, inthediroc- ttoa o f t h e road leading from Capua to Sent' Angela; while at tee same moment, on onr extreme left, a strong column of theenemy, covered bya squadron of oavab-v. asiaultai*Mr position between t h e white house andwiptonado Inspiteofteevigorous attack and MM successive assaults, to which thecavalry took aeon apicuous part, they were unable to regain the position which thej lost t h e preceding d a y . T h e resistance o n MM part of our men was long and vigorous,who, besides defending their ground from the enemy. were harassed hy showers of grenades. It w as not tin after teres hours' fighting that they aucceeded in drrriag back the enemy. T h e assault was repeated some time after with greater ardor. but only to end in a new defeat. The royalists, beat o a recovering the tost position, know- ing of what importance it was to them, about five o'clocko'clock.Hc**nw—Oa Saturday morning, December 8. of eon-snniption. Miss SARAH B. HOUOK.Her friends and acquaintances a r e respectfully invitedto attend the funeral, from Christ Church chapel, comer of Drrisioa a n d Bedford avenues. WBhamsburg, O u s(f=itaday) afternoon, a t half past one o clock.HsLiiuf.—On Saturday. December 8, Euaa, the beloved 66, 54, 37, «1, 78, » , U , 44, 67, 31. T7, 28, 5, 43. and youngest daughter of Patrick and EUon Hearn, agedCircularssentfreoof charge byaddresatogR. FRANCE,Watotogton, Delaware.a of the Dela tortes—.WOOD, EDDY A CO., Managersaf th eATDaxawt— CusssOBkDee.&,UMB.70, m, 36, 46.•*.47,38.57.39.9, 32. 62, 72.t irculars sent frea mt cbarse by addresstna:either to WOOD, EDDY A CO.. Wilmington. Delaware, Or to WOOD. EDDT m CO., S t. Louis, Missouri.• s t e i n w a y aV atom's trveraurmatar G r a a d and snuare Pianos am now considered the best manufaeiured"for fire years. Warerooms B aad 84 Walker st.«tt Son's E a t a w Baltimore.Md.,andInternationalHotel,NiagaraFans,N.VHerrinsx's P a t e n t C h a m p i o n F i r e Bumter Proof Safes, to I Broadwav. corner of Murray street New Yfrit.11monthsand28days. TherelativesandfriendsefthefamilyarerespectfullySewiag Machines. tsBand upwards.486 Broadway, >'. V.The remain*? will be taken for interment toFktbu-h 1AtPisaet't DelawareGin, aged58yearsandfour months.The relatives aad friends, also the members of Marion cures in a few hours and makes the skin deUeatary soft andwhite. Ohsetve.teaeater to yattoa aodteaaaaae—"Caam wasscarcelyuhnained, theenemy openeda very 4«,2.7.5.10.3,39,TO,35.46,26,72.64,16,59. Ledge,I.O.O.F.,arerespectfullyinvited,toattendhat r»kewithGlveertne." TADMANACO..Dnsmtat*.Saturday•roodBiaekandFaacvOmieaats. invited to attend the funeral, this (Sunday) afternoon, at Fxeellent heew Pilot Overcoats ..IIIS <t S a K< 10 fthalf past one o'clock, from tee residence' o f her parenta. Flue heavy Beaver Overcoat*L. etock, aged 40 years.The fileads and acoiiiiinianoii; of the familv, atooMto 1 BT,hy hte nun ftm;,aawMymt;jwbank«tobsardof amaeadforTO CLOSB iiTBUSINBS«,FteaautCapelrrereostaCsnada Gmy Overcoata.Black Preach Tr^ot Overeoam.... Plain Black Beaver OverrentsFur Bsavor Owrcoata, Itood v i a t Kesvy Moarow Beaver Ol Vlials. Pxinnou Beaver (>r«reaaaj Imoeriai Besrer (wereoat* Beantitul<aalorBeavart>Ac. Ac.,T\For -JMhentftt oxfMONDAYl. DECEMBER m.a;ft aa*sMaada-j •AFTERNOON A B B ETENTNB FOR ONE WEEK.Wsfl street. N. Y.. et tor address of Pemr BrlTimafl.W ANTRP-O*BIAJBtPANIC • " • J ^ i j r fewt-Btotoeanto; frjmhf- fitffjelfc, haUcd,a>:thaiw bid*"to*P^*;^Vnj MU Mte?•**•*A'Ci-usieflaitoa •can heat an*1htog' teat isThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetOMat No. 3Bfc?uaiifal|.aalMtta.L.m^CtJFT OFDAIT.YWERAT.r*.Sblrt*. fiihJia: tote A«XF.ASftttETl ||l.UIBBSTM'Wr_WtfteWMaL'Fu130691'ijisi HMtei tefhsmr»lton New Yo11 mntossn 11•«rie '—www.fultonhistory.com* A\J r #$8• ^i^^^^— a^H» ,^^A^^ 