 tHftof Y ates, aad adopted:-. ,• Resohred, That w e regard New York city a s the strong-«•*».and opposition to the proposed license of the liquormarket wad completely overrtocked with almost all kinds of goods.Arrived at Honolulu, June 34. bark Grecian, 184 dayso'clock by railway tar Truro,where the royal arrived a* ha* pent eleven Bars his Royal Hhjh- sestt w a s received b y ft guard o f honor, composed o fvolunteer companies, and t h e Executive Managing Com-£2.tx•atfy iCAMPJlane 1 0 .There is not much news of importance.Regarding the jpreparattona of the allies for war in Prince of Coburg aad Gotha, Great Steward efL-JjAJt Oftip^"T ^ c ^ ^ T ~»w* * isr*J.iTfior THK 11 MMsflL K t t k k Lit came there, he simply said that h e would take it in. Commonsandgainedfive:andintheSenatewehavefort Duringtheafternoonandeveninghewrotealetter,whichOne account says Itwasex- reiga of oar mort gracious sovereign, aadthe•^••^"0 ^ w^^^^was , , JIf 1*1five and gained four—making our net toes twerre m the Commons aad one la the Senate—or thirteen in all. This makes a difference of twenty six on joint ballot, which, taken frost Aftv- eight leaves our majority thirty-two.LsmmraoMlxsiaCoai».-The newly elected Bell and Everett candidate for Clerk of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky writes to the l-ooisville Jtmmai as follows —Uxnwjroa,August8,1100. Profoundlv grateful as I am to Providence sad the peo- elor TOkmg me the instrument of political redemption, I aak leave to say a single word to you. The patriotic nationalUniono^ameraeylmve cooperatedwithusmost manfully, aad w e must hereafter consider them as breth- ren. Wecanallstandoutheplatformof1S62,recogniz- ing tbe compromise of I860. Hereafter go for the Union, the consUtatioa, and the enforcement of the laws. There need be no question or criticism as to the past, hut per-feat harmony to combatting tbe common enemy heresf ter-d. e.rhoth sectional parties. Ihope thepresson both sides will take this ground. Tbe Yancey Breckin- ridge dhsmtoatBta have oaiy received their drat rebuke-- mild and gentle, compared to tbe futaro. They gredoomed.Untitled Documentbe destroyed, and played upon the Diano In a manner as comrosed so ever. The time that be selected was the moment when t h e prayer hell h a d called every o n e into the dining hall. AMIt ruag he spoke wildly and vehemently to one of the boys, and was last seen enuring a little oopse to trout of Bsair's Had, where be procured a bos, which he conveyed back to a little grove behind the hall, the boarding house of the institution. Beii atprayers,Mr.Johnsonwentoutsearchingforpasted near the erSTwhere h a body waalbund.shadow wasseento move in that direction afterMr. Johnson a return. He arranged the box and^fastened tne strapprobablysoonafterthesearchwasabandoned,and though the family spent the whole night inwitching, it was daylight hetore hejras aa standingwithhiscaponunderaWfforJlfT..1be abandoned.two transports were lying o fgunboats had undertaken s a e t - of pirates which had long In-to which they succeeded la and burning six.virtues which adora her Isajestya court and life, have s e - cured from ber subjects a t Nova 8cotia feelings of t h e most devoted attachment to ber Majesty's royal person and family. Witbto a century part the primeval forestaB H BSBB%taanofcjsjBwBBLfUxsarLwa'a"JaVfSBhSBsislh f^JTJUM ij tSak. »I» H.red the soil where, toHighness this day, r fields bate presented been acquired a a *of your>POMTAM ««. a roBnt * ftOfie^Mr-X4, FlfTH\asa?-aedaadifcaa*•awseoaraJ6jp a.%. .». a^Vu% V ^ a n g w t f aA darkendtlyCity Intelligence.TBSWast WASHOGTOSMABKETDuncrm.—Pursuant tonotice, the Clerk of Washington Market yesterday called upontheownersofstandstheretoaaditamassedthe payment of rents on behalf of the city. About one-third oftbewholenumberofpersonsrantedbytbecityoffi- cial paid over their moaeys without a murmur; h o t b y fltr the greater number of tenants askedTdelay, with theState,aadfromthewhich have alwaysBritish toiands, from msettled. The tohehltaats ef the county of Pictou theirsinceresawyersthatyourRoyalHtgftaeaftmaya prosperous sad pleasant journey throwgbihe ofberMajesty inNortihAmerica,aadthatyourRcavl Highness may retse'aeonm **• reward if ike Kifik . iCCXaKX.9TUA OP • I Ike ±»'Wnt m i>t>> , • r b*T« "<* aare*"-«a. ,safe aad gratified to that couatry. }which, even in this tonttoad.adoiigiated PJ tfKOtt, dearing name of hoi_AfterwhtohthePr-to^osswm^atdteittfhnenrofwtrwtolngrrteppll?y^*.*_In your towras "I ctose a visit to tbe provtx* of NBTBT Scotia, which 'bas given me unmixed pleasure, sad haft brought forth proof o f devotkm to the Queea s a d t o y o c r f15SJSS i^SJSSJ^rffSsS vkwrtsT' pursue,**• •right in theirtmtaVResorved, That while not unmindful of the win admin- r woo playing ft istrationof the national affairs, the people of this State are deeply interested in the duty of seIf jtovernment at heme, aad that the maladministration of the State go- folly to charge that be hod been vernment by the republican party, la the exoreteeof silly engineermg power obtained by diverting the attention of the t>eoplechair, In which be took strong grounds, aad expressed the belief that the perpetuity of the Union depended upon the unity and ascendancy of the democratic party.was bis choice for Morgan's successor, and the tasae amongst the local politicians in this cttywere formed in accordance with that understanding. Thurlow Weed only want for Morgan to prevent the appearance*ofttttWa FROM CHINA.The ship Moonlight brings dates from Hong Kong t oask=z—i of the« «Wa. H.the Committee on whichthe democracy ortKew York.for the First district, Wm. D. Kennedy, of New Y<.Weedite.conductonthepanoftheI > scenes tn and about tbUW Batftt IVCVlalfJudgeWillardthenreturnedhisthankstotheConven- tionforthekindnessextendedtohimduringtheproceed- platformoftherecent ingsoftheConvention. Bewishedthedelegates asafochine isr1 the heads of Mayor Wood, but with all the nskfrie made against the Mayor tbe Police Depart- ment of the city of New York was never used to aavanee partisan ends to the extent that it is at present under the new consolidated aad revised Ponce law . The Albany iiisiisgmtt o f the republican party have succeeded b y special legislation to aecuriag so large a number of place holders in that city, who are ready to do their bidding a t alltimes,thattheyaresuretohaveeverythingtheirown waywheneverthereisan Important issue. In thisin- ttanoe tbe republicanparty of the city ef New York has been made to endorse the vultures that have been prey- ing upon the vita* ef the city.fearedtheywouldhemoretroublesome.An election was to be held in all the settlements of the Carson VaUey Mines on the 1st tost, t o elect saembera e f a Territorial Legislature. Sheriff, Treasurer aad Surveyor, local magistrates, and all officers necessary to establish aT H KO V A T I O N S .tothe*prevent the Trtume philosopher from turning card, whether this be true or not one thingfrom Enghtnd: 38th, steamer Kitona, from New London; mittee, sad after proceeding through the town, amidstoceceltiea ofthe 3U1 wrj»BW*^a varan* > n ^aaew w ^ ^ ^of the republican*the!His weald prevent hat attending t o t h e duties o fBe was about to return to Now York, and from thence to visit immediately the South.TbeCjuutXAS then appointed place of Mr. Clancy.34 Anti-wees...*................................. 9 Doubtful.... 1 Amongst the above will ho found the names of a num- ber of persons who were prominent members of the third house last winter, those that have been associated withWeed and jumping at his bidding for a long time. The delegation from the Fourth and Sixth Ass. mbly districts are t b e only delegations that were instructed, aad they to vote far tap ranoralnatioa of Governor Morgan.at theidea of atheiThe bark Francis Palmer h a s arrived, with Sandwich Island dates to July 18, but the news a of little interest. TheCommissioners appointed bythe United Statesgo- vernment, to examine the affairs of the United States HospitalatHonolulu,tareferencetodisbursementsby Consuls of tbe funds appropriated by Congress for the re-op in ft lV6sfoafftwho is a quiet, re-Union iinsolidiKfcSGBbert,*eWnu»BBep^pik ^sa>to day hare completedt o n equal lotto Re- Iforming thelot twoConvention at Charleeton and Bnlti- ! the aomteattnaa s o t n accordance of oar own Stoto, w o reoeive Ste-Herocbel Y . Johnson s o the demo- ToaVdsat sad vice President of the United Stales, and pledge to them oar cordial sad ener-getic support.- ved, That no result ofwill prove so disastrous to the peace and integrity ash to be deprecated, as the election the ssrttonai candidate of the repub- -T» doty of all patriotic in averting such a ca- to them o u r cordial fellowship them, a s the surest mode of with-return to their homes and success to their excellent and powerful ticket.Jams 8. THATXK being loudly called for, took the plat- form a a d warmly congratulated t h e Convention on the happy termination of its labors. He dwelt upon the ha* portonce of the hearty, cordial union which had been made to-day o f national, patriotic m e n o f t h e Empire State, sad warned democrats of old descent, whohad Abraham for their father, t o b e careful lest the new recruits in the cause rof their candidates should he found foremast in the fight whoa the cry of victory cheered theiroars. H e urged the impossibility of a sectional par- tisan ever being President o f t h e United States, a a d spoke at length eloquently in support of the principles of the candidates of the party. A t the conclusion of his re- marks, with hearty cheers tor the tickets, fkaWssdMost of the delegates from the East leave to night on the hall past eleven train.THE BRECKINRIDGE STATE CONVENTION••^•'"•^^aWsTII.CHajaorrsviLLK, August IS, 1800.The Breckinridge Convention met here to-day, aad or-ganized b y appointing Wm- M. Ambler, of Louisa,THE PRINCE AGAIN IN NOVA SCOTIA. oca NOVA BCOTIA ccaasstfOMiaBsctt.HAjrreroar, M. ft, August g, 1800 Arrival 0 / Ike Prima i a the OsSsasr p a s Miasjatin op tto JfOaarp-Tke Corporflttm CieGiMm ewddddreska,Her Majerty>s steamer 8tyx, having on board bio Royal Highness th e Prinoe of Wales, anchored eft Haalsaort about lour o'clock this mor ning. Shortly after eevon t h e Prince aad suite landed under a royal salute, aad started immediately for Windsor, aooompaaied by Lord Mulgrave andmembersoftbegovernment,who badpinaiailal to Haataport oa the prevloaBevaasBg to snort thorn ea arrrr-ofto stop hht snarling, bog at which ho turned up his nose. votion to such reform w e present for their support ThisblowMregarded byallastheendofTammany,and the State ticket beaded by the names of Wm. ageneralhopeisexprcnertthatnowallsensiblemenwill Kelly aad Wm. F. Allen, honest man, bold inVIRGINIA.Sunrros, Vs.,August16,1800. The Douglas wing of the democracy assembled to-day, and organized by electing Colonel Hopkins, of Petersburg,The Admiral claimed t o b e quite strong enough attack the Tau form with the British force under him.t odesert the rotten pauper organisation and unite in soma more vigorous, healthful body.sustaining the right and rebuking the wrong. Resolved, That instead of listening to (ho proposition of the abolition agitators and republican politicians fur- ther to subjugate the people o f this State in the name ofKThe wrecked steamers were the British transport Assis- tance, on the huand of Hong Kong,andtbe French trench- art Irene, to the harbor of Amoy. The leaky Frenchoannot take five thoonaftd votes to the nbolitiooJaU, and | n D C g v i v I v EUnl iSUCssV* eVftsnP •"ftft»kka*an*4* V/ln^aoti ssv a^fc^aaajj* chief. Clancy and Kennedy when they get book to have been of weak M squawsliathsilght.PBOCHSDINGS OF THE CONVENTION.gnucvsa,AugustU 18fl0. UK Democratic Slate Convention mot at nine o'clock, butxheoommittoes not being prepared to report, took areeess till eleven o'clock.Urn committee on aft electoral ticketuntil a late h o w lastnighi. Considerable debateplnce on the propositioto mode b y the BeU Bverett Mlctso, thoir demands being soskowhot in exoeft of what the democratic oommfttee oonoldered an equal6.—Wm.Colt.D.O.Bradley,S.J.Edwards,L.W.Mur-misruleacrushingthem. promise,butwilltakeintoconsiderationanythatareray,H.B-Smith vancesinaproperrespect.Thedifficultyconsultstoaa-rememberwithpleasureendpride.WearequiteauraThw sMrning aegnttati prospect of arrrviog i taad the Belt Enrott with one electorcutty w a s also MewYorkcityisjsMsssssaW,hnteventuallyoneMoaart Baa manwas agreed to,with theprivilegeofMomrt[ one old lino whig and one Tammanyite, thus gtv- a votes te three out of the six city electors,reassembled at eleven o'clock,m electoral tickets was still absent-Loud calls were made for Lyman B. Smith. Col. Bar- K^BA^^M aCssatfu f^MsHsKBhW 'IBSBBSBI MASBBBBBF n S H M U D f l H LMesaiw.Sumaad COTWIT made brief addresses,theJudicial daftrict, onexpertenoed in settling liftThe resolution was adopted.Due following despatch was received aad read —Sucwtost,Va..August10,1800- TomPaftMMJrr orTW DEMOCRATICCoavTorrjoa:—TheoldguardofVirginiaistosessioninalarge,enthu• siastic Convention. Count on Virginia for Douglas and Johnson,democracyandtheUnion.H. L BOPKINS, President of National Convention, Hr.LTVAS eXanrs movfi that the' delegates of th e several Judicial district* report names for members of theState Committee for the ensuing year, and that the reportwith the Eighth district; as he understood sBMsBWsssaTBMPM Wttsat flttsSV M — USD»i i i , * , ansa aaw WHHWsawvwMthere would be some contest in the First district, lie de- sired to leave that the last.• >*tw dMh Hs> Si i n Pshwvih^AMI aaajHBBBBBsi wai^aAisi^thirty five electoral votes of New wing hisdefeat, toacommonsap- ticket preaeated by this Conven-higb personal and political charac the wisdom aad liberality of ttt •agesofallL'nioni theyto give the united siptiaaica sad. The Hudson Bay Company establishment a t Honolulu Was about to remove to Vancouver's Island.bstsftft^psknaa, and on tbe adoption of lift'report th e i rose aad f^ve roead after round of eathusiai-BvertJeV.thetK«*••................*reeurte. ..Weedite.JAaasft, iintheformationofaticket tbecom-teseatsonthetloorof theiuctMlertcmen t,the committee of the Bell and Everettasvital principleof esstic institutions, and use the influence and hostility t o the righto ,inamovementat peace of the nation, equality of the States, of the Union, a n d deserving t h e reproba- txm and actiwve« d combined resistance of all patrioticit we recognise the doctrine of theeqaali- ty of the SUtes and their equal rights in th e Territories, the Mini no property of the Union, sad that interventionherhdft, John Clancy and John Tracy. Mr. CUKCY declined the nomination.At noon the Prince aad suite embarked on the Victoria for Ha B a Bay, which i i decorated with negaThe Magnet coming down passed t h e V ictor a a t I o'clock, aad being oa board,I saw hh Royal1 steading In the cabin gangway, regardless of the rata andmirt. He was not recognised by our |there was little cheering.The Magnet had despatches for him, which sheiwards delivered on boaro the Hero He will i Victoria tonight, aad to-marrow spend the day ii at8t.Marguerite, where some teats navellxtoYSft,of Manascleared.h a c n , wheat, 1.600 seed oil.m* *lB&UAv'.TJ01in\&#^mapplause,)T h eaWWaiW. .Anti-Weed. Kaybcrt. .ABtiWoed.consequence for this inpissa,with St. Louis dates of JulySO, August 1. A report came thatdiscontinued, which pauses unfa- of regret.Latham have arrived home. The •. the latter overland.are lout ia denunciation of Oanstor to'be heldsolely responsible for theirlanuibUI.iteat in the State does not open with:.«ftvI ,P R I C E THEPUBOBEfflTHEPROYHCES.etrtw i)*v oradoo^ to tbe •Prince o f Wales. Nova Scotia,Edward'sSPLENDID BALL AT CHARLOTTnOWN.'ffr*N#aaUymadeoutafaU list of de so the Syracuse Convention. From delegates it will be assa that the da- the party by the salioa of the last and the wholesale operatione of tae ouse,hasfoiledtostir uptheit be that the majority of the> the fomous Legislature. A theld on Friday evening h a t pointed towards the success o f t h eon as the delegates sleeted ia precincts m e t l a Assembly the usual juggling and thimbleeat of another ooTor inibe third twenty-four if notti'ssratt" .elected and their zresBj••••,•t•• ••»•»••»•«•«««»»• .Weedite. ••'• *,......•.,..,..•. ••. •uoubtfoj.bold of the democracy in the Empire State, as by Congress to protect and benefit a particular species of represented b y her delegates hi this Conventionrich and extensive.have gone there on account of the favorable reports reproperty peculiar to a portion of th e SUtes, while such protection is denied to all other property, is unequal s a d unjust,andsubversiveofthe great democraticprinciple or "non-interference by Congress with slavery in a State orTerritory,"andinviolationofthespiritoftheconsti-to weaken the bonds of the Union; disunion to eo-for Uo» of the rights of the Slates and the that in such a struggle w e will standCol. Fremont and a party of friendstheiHenrp 6—Andrew Bleakly•*•••• •••• •••••a••• •••»*•»•Their1 0 casks908 barrels pork.wool, 17,000 hides and 1,400 tabsthenationalconservativesentimentsoftheState. President. Mr.Ambler made a speech on takingtheiugDepartment,hadeveryassurance from Weedthathe Hawaiankingdom.his hotel,hisRoyalHighness received thefollowing ad- dress:—TO t h e mort high, pennant a a d Ulsatikiaa Prince Albert Idward, Prince of tbe United Ktodom of Great Britain sad Ireland, Prince of Wales, Duke ofwithat Caaacy and Kennedy was taken advantage of adroitly to distant objects of philanthropy, admonishes us of the a resolution offered by the Bon. Wm. Smith, of Virginia,Northern China, attempts had been made to hurry the Mad. Duke of Cornwall aad Rotbsay, Earl of•^••Woo*sn^lhn^il,whonssiptBi»ftnpoft»,BBOis> the State from the bands of the republican politicians andfTftfax) tnsnm M\*\ b flfJnfP* DkOf9 flQftlj111SBVflfT Uk6 HkOT© TensOA" restoringittodemocraticascendancy.Resolved, That the Jobbing, robbery and corruption of•mayraved. So,whenthequestioncameupinthe sherepublicanlegislationoftheState,preyinguponall CftBvestkm tbe Menu* ossdideAo was » s » ^ interests, and levy ins exactions upon every descriptionCommittee,althoughLymonB.Bmlth,oneofRichmond's ofprivate aad corporate property, aad invadingthe rights of individuals, of municipalities aad counties,ton Convention on the subject of a compromise, sad to propose terms for such compromise should that Conven- tionshowawilkngnesstoenterintonegotiationsfbrthisThe Convention is very harmonious Senators Masonsome eaase or other, there is a large number to tbe party who put hut little faith to th e honesty of Gov. Morgan's vetoes,believingthemtohavebeengivenforeffort.Brooklyn City Politics.Tas awrcBucAi PanuxT Mrrrnaaw—The following is a list of the delegates elected at tbe republican primary meetings on Wednesday night, to meet to Assembly Dis- trict Conventions on Saturday, for the purpose of select-ing delegates end alternates to the State ConvenUonj- Wardl.-John Casbow, Benj. Baskill, Geo. K. Mead,John Fowler, N. G. Burgess.2 —Henry yuiglc\, James Duffy, Richard Austin, Johncurred, arising principally from bad weather, causing de- lay. Two large transport vessels had been wrecked, sad anotherbeenlaidupforrepairs,whilestillanother caught fire and was scuttled.TbeHongKongpressofthe14thofJunoremarkedthat it was doubtful whether the French took port in any of the early operations Their forces would not heready till August.A new steamer, built at Wharapoa, had been purchased by Admiral Hope for $120,000 for th e use.of the expedi- tion.aooeesity ofdomestic reform—ofwrestingthecontrolof appointinga committeetocommunicatewiththeStaun-Carriek sad Dublin, Baron of Renfrew sad lard sad lardof"the Isles, K. O.—We, the Sheriff, clergy, magistretea aad other inhabitants of Colchester, beg Mare re- spectfully t o welcome your Royal Highness t o that country. WeareproudtoheabletoassureyourRoyal Highness thattbepeopleofNovaScotiayieldto ao por- tionofthesubjectsofnerMajestytoloyalty anddevoted attachment to her person and throne. The visit of your Royal Highness will foster this feeling ; it will unite still more closely the ties which bind as to tbe parent State, while gratifying the just pride we feel to being recognised as an integral portion o f t b e mighty empire, ever which your royal mother reigns, it will strengthen th e surest foundation oa which her throne reposes, the love aad af- fection of her people. In this province the rewards ef in - duatry, if never large, are always secure. Our population, blest with the comforts of life in moderate profusion, a r e contented sad happy. The Tree institutions which are the pride of Britain, nave been claimed aad eoaeaone birthright, while the spectacle your Royal HIbas just witnessed in passing the Provinctol Norsaalwill call your attention t o t h e institutions w o have founded for diffusing common school instruction among tbe ssasses o f t h e people, and making widely dasami- nated education t h e basis o f extended political privi-wild buffaloes, and Ludlow and Cngger's Albany body have reached a degree of oppression and infamy no longer and Hunter are here. There are about six hundred dele-guard, all labored painfully against it, In equal bad endurable by free people, and that we appeal to the citi- taste was Clancy simple, when he refused to serve on an SSDBof the State to rally in defence of their property, saiisiilhrant nnmmmts • sop whict was thrown to him rights tad honor, and restore aa hottest admtnairatton ofgatestat attendance.the government, and so sa earnest of oar de- THE DOUGLAS STATE CONVENTION TNpermanent President of the Convention, and Gen. Jas. H . freedom, by lampwing with the Buflrage, and introducing Cox, Vice President. Mr. Yost and Mr. Dewitt were ap-^ ^ s L P a i S T & W . F i s k , J. J. Stndwell, H. N. transport Saone was repairing to Amoy. The vessel which caught fife and was scuttled near Mayo was theThe Bell and Brow* m en are eutirer;theticket,andwilllaboreanostryforitsmany threatens to bolt, and will probably <lesscaieerbygoinginforblackrepubllmnism;hotshelegislation,andfromoppressionwithwhichrepublioan dreddelegatesarepresent.Theywillnotofferanycom-^i'-naroett^yker, A G Clements, W.H. D Brown- son, 8.H.Griswold.A.B.Hancc.French transport Heine des Clippers.The knowledge o f the allied Powers eschewing all sym0 forio negro element to aid tn controlling o u r elections, we demandemancipationforthewhitemenoftheStole; emancipation from unreasonable taxation, from corruptpointed Secretaries.Eighty counties are represented, a n d about three hun-6 '—John E . Cammeyer, John Henry sfoute, Joseph J Ward.Shanly,AaronStorer,pathy aad connection with t h e Nankin insurgents willprobably tend t o induce t b e Pekto cabinet t o listen t owisecounsels,ar,dtomeetconciliatorydiplomaticad- leges;andtherantofyourRoyalHighnessweshallMacThe reading of the resolutions was received with con*tinned outbursts of applause—that endorsing the nomina-made from Cbarlotteville. oa their own terms.Fusion is impossible, except7—Seth B. Cole, Stephen Crowrll, Wm. B. Lewis, Samuel H. Turner, Andrew Van Tuyle.8.—Alonao H. Gale, Wm. A. Frits, Garret G. Bergen, Jas. A. Van Brunt, Fred. B. Dayton.tiefaction for the attack, which, whilst it reflects disgrace on the allied whiles, has elevated the ardor of tbe war party at Pekin to an extent which may form a stumbling black to future relations, and render all concessions nuga-that the gratification it has enabled your Royal Highness to confer upon a tore body of her Majesty's subjects will be felt by you aa some alleviation of tbe fatigues ef thejourney,aadit isour earnest prayerthat, shieldedsad protected by Divine Providence, you may return m safety to tbe seat of empire, and be able to ensure our gractoua sovereignthatshebaanotanr estimatedthesfticttonata loyally o f the people of Nora flbotla.His Royal Highness made the Mlowisg reply—GEmaaKN—Accept my thanks far this address, sad for your welcome to the county of Colchester aad townof Truro. I gladly pause for a moment on m y journey t o receive this additional proof of the loyalty of this pro-latter claiming that Has dootrin* of popular sovereignty T«e names of the Committee in all but the First district werethenhandedinandadopted.on thai oootineot with the « x Nations of In- The First district being called, Mr. John Clancy pre- wha, while oae as a nation, admitted the sacred sented the names of Kennedy and Tilden, from the Tam-many delegation. Dr. Bradford presented the name of loss for Ellis, 10,874. The remaining counties gave Mr., of each to regulate its iomestie affairs. Benjamin Wood for member of the committee on the part Dr.BWAMcmD.ofHpwYstk, woo also calledout,and oftheMosart delegation. Dr.Bradford said thatthegratitude for tbe Otottogutobed honor conferred upon Tbe news frcjm Canton was more favorable, and trade them by tbe visit of your Royal Highness, sad they BOW stantly threatened suicide in the village, though in a jo there had revived in consequence. greet you with a warm sad cordial wekkene. They hailstopoaded, expressing the gratitude of the national •racy of the cltjTofi>r York fbr the Uhorol troakmi received at too bands of too Conventton, the effortwhich would bo seen h itaiotad up by the sailed dooMorato of the city. B o,oftheregularwildness o f meaner i t now remembered, though i t ex- cited a o observation before. I t n o w appeare that h a mind w a s long bent upon suicide b y hanging During Thursday last a desperate look and passionate behavior excited the attention of Mr. Johnson. His plans, it seems, were fully matured to the most trifling detail. Ontuedayhavebeenfiftyeight.Accordingtoourtableoflossand previousthetrunkstrapwithwhichbapesgamedthe gainitwillbeseeathatwehavelostseventeentothe fatalactwasfoundlyingunderthetree;whenaskedhowrife that they force, and thatkin tosurgeaf doing away, fopthe famine. Hopes Congouswere regardingthe amies'might'Tbe troopsSKSE?" EightTtogbat.Tbe Britishpedilionaga tested Chosen capturing tto tbe prosperity o f her exteaded domiiidcs, s a d they rejoice to this opportunity of being enabled so directly to manifest their devoted attachment a a d loyalty t o t h e crown a a d sovereignty ef Great Britain. Enjoying t h e great bapptoeec of being British subjects, and the re- cipients Oftheblessingswhichthatgloriousprivi- legeconfers,theirheartsareknitinindaaoruble bonds of loyalty to the Brittob throne The wadosa a a d justice which have dalinguabed t h eat shey had been admitted on equal terms to the vention with Tammanv, ana not as superiors. They Ito he equally rspresented oa the State Com- and deeply regretted that Tammany had thought tochumtheentirerepresentation. Mosartwas whole rhuaoctaey of the city, butruninoppositiontotheorganisation would desire to He had hoped the Bight's lamsabUity to the Tammanyiof a fearful nightmare. Be and his col-the Conreotioo, which bad then forsad fairness. H e did not believe th e now deprive them of the right of equalt theStole Committee,wherethey, friends.aBa^BBUB\f*£. iBSTOSllrt SUS\H. aSasBSBSBSBBSWBB I^S* 0#%, r f l c t a ^ ^ ' i m r T a ^ ^ h a d fortheStotoCentralsaid he had hoped no question u to regu-majority ia the Legislature as follows:—Some of the papers of the State are stating the demo-cratic majority on joint ballot to the last Legislature atforty-four, some at fifty, some at fifty four, and someatliftveight. Accordingtoourlist,whichwethinkcor-actlasta eoaoert wiih the Naa- price of food h a d also fallen. with tbe apprehension of itertamed o f the aew tea season. tomarket,andiftherumors should prove unrounded, betterrtothisprovince. atCbueanweresaidtobeen-' ^ i T a e w•)H.Wsjnais Crgill i ••on•••••••«rapeof t h eS u t eCentralCommitteefrom theFirat..Anti-Weed. see M»MI W#6(11W. 4—Oweu tkwMaa>•••••«• • • • • • • • • • • a .Weedite. .Weedite. .Weedite. .Weedite.DavidThe following resolution was ottered by Cms. & Horr,*!•;»••i9 I' 1_ - —U -MORNING H^(W-FBnilM%ifeeUST 17, "•*!•T W OCENTTS.Seneca, moved to amend by substituting of Wm. D. KennedyTbevotewaspatand and nays were demaade.ittheayes The hat WMcalled, and Ken• » * • a • < • • * • • e e e e a * a•a•S•aaa• • >aaaaaa*><. Weedite.pedy and Wood wate esau_d members of the committeebyahum majorityoftheiConvention. Theresultwasreceived with loud applauae. Tbefoilowiag i . ( S T s u t e Committeeyear, a* finally agreed upon:-Benjamin D. Wood, of New YorkYSeeoud datrict.J2»; WfTfctra? P^CaggT'of* and F L. aaaae. orrrtauw gwSiigTBSS* • •"*•*TMWOWW» *V*4*tiaw"IBMlvt|-I'.Weedite. itaimtiii •Anti- Wttiu,Thebark sailssoonforNewZealand,with10,000 sacks of wheat.ensuingSftaeWojftsasC fcsttan ja^agtja^pajfjjBjaafhaajfta the candJdateaof theirta•••••*ooooeeoo•.of•'••••• ••a • • a aa a a • t a •.AnttWeed. ....Weedite.a n d Mozart Halls; t h e for-Moultoni n t h eCttjr Pollt.ro.ItHEWS FE0M THB PACIFIC. Stiver ienftfoaTakeSi. Josara, Mo , August 16,^ pony express arrived here h a t n.ght with Califor- nia dates to the tlhinst, Honolulu to Jury IS, and HongBaa FajLvasco, August 4, I860, There is a steady business doing without speculative feeling o r excitement. T h e Jobbers b u y •matt tote o fgoods with spirit, bat eoacede s a y advance with rehm tonce, and check their purehases a s soon a s noUarsget their ideas up. Tran»actions continue without say marked mterest, and do not afford special sales for report. W o may quote good brands of adamantine canuiea a l l t M & a 20>ic. Coffee unchanged, with an active market lor fine qualities. Provisions as last noted. Meats inactive a a d unchanged. Butter and lard in good request, with an im- proving tendency; choice isthmus butter, 30c, and Gape Horn de. 363. a 30c Lard in small qaantrtioe, 1 0 cfirm, and moving jeadtry in a trade way. Rawvery dull; domestic without foouiry; crushed more slow• •eeaaaaaatea I M i H M H MM•*•••••'a • • • • • I • • • e e• •J.T W.Yaa Riper....17 Jsasesfftvlaw.... » a a • a a a • iJohn FJCummlags ftsOAfircLAncai..Weedite. .Weedite. .Weedite. .Anti-Weed. .Weedlto. .Anti-Weed. .Weedite. .AntiWeed. .Anti Weed. .Weedite. .Weedite.The politicalmuch more thandemocracy are quite confluent of carrying the Stale,and several bete offered that Douglas would receive the moot votes have been taken even b y Breckinridge men.mXMATIOM TO THB Mr or T«» AUUVtiYRACCSB LOSSY aarcsucAK* a* THS tariftttJOSCB A i-OLmcat.au•metal....net ••oa* ••••..••«••!a* a* ••••••••. iaaaStarr..••••••eeeeaeee e«*« oaofThere n noTbe pony arrived at San tbe express was vorable e:Senators former came b yTbe newspape: Gwin,who defeat of Hale'sTbe three democratic papers of Portland, Oregon, are cut for Douglas. ITbe steamer John L. Stephens, on ber last downward trip, took 040,000 worth of Washoe silver ore for New York..The »hip Moonlight brings 330 Chinese passengers, a a d reports two more ships on the way tor Hong Kong.Tbe arrivals e f Chinamen during three months exceed 7 000, apd more than half of that number have departed for British Columbia.Tbe excitement against tbe employment of Chinesela San Francisco seems to have died out.Parties rrturooafrom the Coso mines report having dis- covered many new toads of silver aad gou-bearmg quartz; ihey bring a large number of specimens, and it ia gene- rally believed that this n e w mining region ia wary•«|ttt*«at*a»ttt«•.THE PRINCE ON TBS ST, •racial. DB8FATCH TO TBttKS18r. Uwieaaca Rrvna,The Bare, Ariadne a a d Fly tag Fish, the Queen Victoria, having a n board t h e ral, arrived off the Sagueaay this (The Hero again ranweemtea..••«,........ ..«......•«.............from Tammanymer for theand devotion to democratic principles, and the latter forherindomitableenergyandrirm adherencetothedemo- ance in the programme being Police Commissioner panyortwenty-eightmenhadjusthadafightwith Indi- cratic cause. May the olive branch thrown to them-to-day he seized by both, and in future amy they be re.presentedbyoaeorganization, andthuspresent anondivided front against the common enemy of our party'antiquity of herorganizationThe Albany Mogul of th e republican party cameto this city oa Thursday of tost week, aad su--"Delved.perintended th e election himself. H is chief assist- A report reached Carson Valley en the 2d that a com for him; returning in the evening to the Hero and sailingNothing of importance was done save the adoption of defeat i t this critical period. Mad ho attempted to ran a ticket for Cook ia this city, a Greeleydelegation would have been elected from a largeportion of the wards. The only thing that saved MorganwasWeedsdesertingCookaadgoing forhim,for,ficsfa Britishforcesnorthward,butserious casualties bad oc-tkmsof Douglas and Johnson being greeted with roundafter round of cheers, the Convention rising while giving THE DOUGLAS STATE CONVENTION IN 9 —John J. Anderson, Fred. D. Clarke, S. B. Higin- tory.venttothoirfeelings,waringhatssadhandkerchiefs. On the adoption o f t h e report, which was moved b y Dorcas&sLacaa,withappropriateremarks,theapplauseof the Convention was renewed. At this time a cannonaats<do gave notice of the completion of the main labors Of the Convention, and continued throughout the re- mainder o f t h e proceedings t o unite its roar with t h eMARYLAND.BAiTmoas, August 10,1800. TheDouglasStateConvention to-dayis averyslimaf- fair, with but a feeble representation from counties—not twenty-five spectators present. A full Douglas electoral ticket was nominated. The leaden admit they have n o hope of carrying the State, but only wish to injure Breck- inridge. There i s , however , a large defection from t h ebotham. Jas Y. Kearney, JohnD. Cutler.10 K.B.Spooner,Jr.,W.E.Doubleday,E.B.Parsons,Wm. M Thomas. John Williams. 11—Wm.8.Wright,JohnF.Mason,DavidS.Simpson,W. Anderson, John a Stryker.12—Wm. L. Bnbbell,WalterCullen,T.P. Larkin,S. F .Taylor.IS —O. M. Beach, Edger Darbee, John Broach, DavidThe serpentine Peiho is known t o b e fortified to Suchanextentasmaktsanattackontmfaceextremelydange-rous, if not altogether out o f t b e question. An imperialarmy bad for softie time invested tbe city of Nankin, aadthe strongholds of the rebels on three sides of the riverface, and tbe communication with the opposite bank couldnot be cot off. The Investiture was a tedious operation.Such rigor, however, appeared to nave been instilled Intocheers of the Convention.DcwcAX S. hUoaa moved the following resolution :—Kesotved, That It is the duty of the democracy of the American party in Baltimore to Lincoln, which, if the 15.—C. N'eidig, John Mitchell, James Moore, John T.feeling was general, and hence it was that confidence pared forthe son oftheir QueeS 1shall never forget tbe was restored to the "Calleris" of Sbanghae ta a many interesting scones which have passed in quick sue-State to make a practical recognition of the principle of popular sovereignty in the case of the people of Schuyler connty. and to guarantee to the people of that county «Douglas rote is not large, may give the State to Breckin-Parker, Hugh Maddox. - 16—Jacob Rufzer, Jacob Resengasten, Hermannremarkably sudden manner. The Governor General of the tw o Kiang provinces made the city of Chan Chow his temporary headquarters, in order to be nearcession before me since I laxded In these colonies.The Prince and party then sat down to a saagBifloent repast, and started for Pictou at half j ast twelve o'clock, which point they expected to reach by esven o'clock thisOCX PICTOU OTSSBBaWattTDSJiCS. Prcror, W. ft, August 8, lsttO.MiUku»iattkReetpacn<flAt Primce Tkrtmgkmt (AtPro- vince—Adimt e/theInkabit*nti efPicUm—Departurefar Okwrwaatwanv, «*V, ate. ThePrinceofWalesleftTruroataqaartertooneo'clockthftafternoon,sadarrivedatPictouathalf-pastfiveUnaevening, meeting everywhere along his route the samewith a gallant a defence of their right to manage their own pecu- liar affairs in their own w a y , a s our candidate, who per- sonates this great principle, made for the people of Kan- sas—as gallant ft defence as our delegation, both at Charleston tad Baltimore, gave to the real sentimentsof the people of the nation.DOUGLAS HTSSISSD?PI STATE CONVENTION.LOCBTOLl, Kj-.. August 10,1800. The Mississippi Douglas Democratic State Courention met at Grenada, iu that State, yesterday, and nominateda full electoral ticket.IOWA DEMOCRATIC STATE CONVENTION.DATOPOHT,August16,I860. Tbje Breckinridge aad Lane State Convention met in that city yesterday, and nominated a full electoral ticket.Resolutions endorsing the Breckinridge democratic plat-Wrighttngton, J W. Beeves.18.-S. M. Meeker, T. W. fields, C. W. Goddard, JohnValen«fte,C.K. Alwater. „ „ — .lft.-aWauel Detfiott, Daniel Goodwin, C. Z. Wemple, August Sibourg, W H Jenkins,Suicide n f Y oung Humes tm BfeWr Jersey. In relation to the suicide of Alexander Humes,a student of saairstown, New Jersey, a ooB*eopondent of theNewarkJfercur*givesthe loliowingadditionalfacta.YoungHumes was the eldest son of James(Humes, con- tractor,ofNewYorkcity—Two sears ago he received a fall while atendlng school in Florida, New York, which resulted in insanity, which lasted several days. Evidence is not wanting to prove that t h e functions o f t h e brain were impaired b y that event. For a week previous to the suicide be area ex- cused from his studies in oonseqoence of illness. Ho often spoke of headache; be said he was surrounded by enemies, and threw out hints which are new under-the resources add prowess o f the rebels b a d been under estimated, for they left their entrenchments at Nankin and utterly refuted 'the Imperial force, the remainsof which abut itself up in Chow Chow with the Governor General,whichcitytherebelswere,atthetortadvices, besieging. Should Chau Chow hold o u t until reinforce- ments should arrive, t h e Imperial cause might b e in a measurerestored,otherwiseLooChow,whichfor manu- factures and commerce is the first city in China, must Call. Soimminent wasthedangerthattheauthorities bad destroyed all its numerous bridges and its valuableridge._Tbieme, Enoch Jacobs, Chas. Young.17.-J. N . Stearns, J. McDiarmid, J. Moore, F . P . the scene of action. It turned out, however, that both evening.form were adopted. were present. ^PoliticalAboutseventy-fivedelegatesandextensivesuburbs,toordertoremoveanyshelterout- enthusiasticreceptionaccordedhimtootherpartsoftoo side the walla. Loo Chow a only eighty miles from Shaag-hae, whith latter hi httle more than iu dependency. prov toco. A n immense concourse of people w as as- The alarm and consternation were so excessive ss to sembled to every part of this town. H is reception herostop all communication between tbe two placesiftri^wodays, durine Which period the panic which existed to was even more enthusiastic than at other places.Intelligence.NOBTH CanousA ELKITIOK In eighty one counties of stood to have foreshadowed the event. His letters and this State GovernorKillsbeatsMr. Pool6,454votes;m lournalsshowthathewasgloomyforsometimeprevious,sioc of tbe city* A notice issued to thatetlectteBdedtoand that trifles were magnified until they assumed to his the same counties two years ago hie majority was 16,328; diseased mind tbe most gigantic proportions. He con-McRae eighty-four majority; Mr. Pool's will probably b e they presented hat one name to this Convention larger. The Raleigh Standard reckons up the democraticere drovenot easy to tell when be waa in earnest. H is oocssionsj steps to fo! upjnto the country, but adopted a o intorect, we ted, on reference to cur flies, the majority toG. Paige, James M. Hedge.14—John S. Allen, John Sterritt, Henry Hobley, Johnthe imperial ranks that i t w a s generally supposed a re-sult highly favorable t o their cause most ensue. This vince, aad o f the hearty reception which they have pre-N. Smith, Peter Mallet.a a aa • a aa.WeedKe. «•'• • IttalettO •••• •••• .Weedite.,Jr... • • a a a a a a • a a a a a • • .Weedite. .Weedite.•aaaat• ••••••••••Acton, who waa exceedingly busy, not only after the ar- ans near Black Rock, in which two Americans were killed rival or Weed, but for some time previous, selecting from and the balance forced to retreat. The different compa-oaFridaymorningfarQuebec.Qcmutc, August M, tsaothePoliceDepartmenttherightkindofmen*fortheworkto be done. H is action to this line will furnish aa inte-rring chapter for future reference. Agieat dealwassaid about theoldpoliceforcebeingapoliticalma- r congregating along theemigrantroutes, saditwasThe'Nile aadValorous arrivedatteao'clock thiss g l l M o .of n rPmall lota of pure heavy, aad fow i d«U and greatlyTbe Viking sTit Prtaw ricks Up i B#KM. fratiTrCTRiptirTHEi^IOutpouring of Loyalty Tnrough- ont t h eBenewal of John Buli'i Lease in Cui&da for fifty Ttan.4Americanspirits are a shade improved; at43Jta.,ex Pampero aud Comet. wfaakey. 87*0. ForeignTeas aad wines continuefor New York, have both Articles of cargoy**••*v ?ordiaar) spirit. Both wings o f t h eH| low. J.rag.niesInthatregionprospectingformiaes, numbering100 men in all, were concentrating to give the Indians another fight, targe numbers of Indiana were reported to beform of government until Congress acts, THE SANDWICH ISLANDS.fIt Is usaterstoodflmt a large majority of the delegateselected s i t noiiiisajr ta fewer of the renomination ofGovernor Morgan, tt is generally believed that a t leastone half of the number are ready to vote for some oneelse sboeJM they receive orders from Albany to d o other-wise. Greeleymaybesaidtobeeffectually laid out byWeed, Webb i Co., and a now out of the quea-tkm, aa far as the nomination for Governor is pal and engrossing question* being hostility to the estI ing at Windsor. The party partook of a lunch, and left at concerned. M. ft said by the republicans who matedexpendituresproposedbytheMinisterofFinance,ief of sick and destitute, were investigating tadnatrtona- y , aad strange developments arose antictpatortThe Hawaian I/gislature was still in session, tbe princithat up to three weeks ago James M. Cook, of u^ — - designed to navigate between the different islands of the the deadening cheers of the assembled multitudes, toThefollowtog address from th e inhabitants was pro- the Toutai the French and British " ^ " f j J f ^ S j T sented:-pacify the people somewhat; but trade was utterly stag May It please your Royal Highness—The inhabitants of nut,andwasthelastthingthought£• . . ^ tbecountyofPictou begleave toexmeastheirsincerecose manner, as well as to hie companions H e spoke Tbe Imperialtet despatched against the maraud- tbe visit of your Royal Highness to herssajesty's NorthjestinglysooftenthatinhisordinarystateofminditwasAmerican colonies as a pledge and aesnraace of the deep reappear with an augmented aad lively interest which our most graetses Queen takeahave extricated k i ^ ^ f ^ J ^ * ^that be was determined to die. Never was a suicide moredeUhgrate cr determised, and never moreThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069though the few days sentadvIce as to the correct courseto this difficulty evident]v at not yet,bevo decided to favor of the city. A away a good deal of the doubt at pre-www.fultonhistory.comawJ«aa£l2Bbangbae w i s b e ^ descript«on.*At the aoljcltattonofadvantagesgained. Rumorsare14.600mothercountry, whichg M O g m\fMJUA cvpg• / S ^ V * - * * .^ W ^ - S ^ N - . - - ^ ^ ,  