 oT «• litanlK aat wu etoMant of ito-«•aamaSkaMtfMtTBsavz, and It i* tapiMM^ thai ^Ibe 6t«^ o{U(4«fwt,itUkli iata^oa to quit*TkB TwaGrM oarMpoiMleBt of the Picsfiaw uytwUefc dcnwads for Jnsllea sUda away into AUrian, I've /. /. CkttKocd, which was jMofbsaly decoratodwlib flags In honor of the oeeaaloa..Amid cBrersand Ihe4 waring of adlevx the train(BiiBrn.1 TrRtji CtiBBD.—BBAVviani'*' aad Alkatotd of SanapaitUa RUs. bel^ Ibslr«kattaIflsl»B. TkeMMT^wtfBooomiaBiMand eleeUons publicoivl ^•C"' usder Alti- feC OB tbo Capital. The Ubenlivan twalmtoii Onadalckjara. ]tnm Al*««y. AOOOWODATIOnA bill for tbe BeofSHkUalloB of the Haibot-Maatan' De- paitaaaatofiWCityofDew-York,"thanlaaelaaaa naanlBf all Ika doin>4owa allpe, on both aldea of the «ttr, ftrthaCieehniTe uie of canal boata. Mr. B.'a wU vtob^tAj be latrodoaad U a few daya afterWIA1M ctmmmoK.ffuxiaossa, Tuesday, Feb. 31 . Tto City .ia , crowded with Delegates to the TaerlM' Pntlt'-Mato Conveiitloa to aaaemble to-vitality, whtoh oceasloas It la sny Impurities lato the bowels, which or-WtrBBtMasdidllthe laa—hHng of the-A—h^.explained the object of the meeting, namely, to give expression to the feelings of reverence which the members of the Association cherished for the memory of WASHTaeTOH, and to adopt some measures to se* cure a suitable recognition ol^ the Anniversary of his birthday. Mr. N. 11. Wolv then proposed, and Mr. Hxaaicz, Jr., seconded, a resolution to the effect that the Corn Exchange be closed during to-day. 'ThlaTOCOUNTRY MERCHANTS. wotra's ooasAO ssAvaT.woi.Ta's raas roar vnra.woLva's mas aAssiaA wnra.rthrownot on aeooont of the color alone, but be- programme civilians should stay within doors, or How simple, yet bowwUe, are aU the laws of' la tba tbird a( tba arttolsseoatribatedhvar*MoULAiwill be made theby diflferent regiments to torn out.•ystaa—The Haas Mlwl^rtFOB CAXAL BOItS IV KSW-TOUC HiSBOX.at whoso shrine icans, the Vele-ana of 1812. aad all othera who have £0 fines to pay if they should not make their appeir- anyatilbutoispaidtothepostaldirlolty.Though ance,willconsulttheircomfortandconvenienceand lettersof great importance will doubUess sUlI be li- stay at home. It can be no crime for patriotism toBiandreth's Pills remove the most terrible and fatal maladisa, curing alike the most subtile vims or th» aick headache, and in a mmmer so easy that they'Xnsaa fare notlea <bt ottier day, entitled,"apnreeiato the new arrangement for the purposes of vent ita eiercire.A SEBMON, BTAUAIT, ToMday, Feb. 21.every day give ease and pleasure, and eaibeusad than a good efff ct.Tfc»o«rta«l,««r the nomination for Govemor wUl of the British ship Camiria, Capt RussuL, froiBresolutton was unanimously adapted, and the meet- ahanls that he Is now and the Importing bottlingiDR was declared adjourned. abovs asBisd articles, all of which are warranted " Rev. J. P. Niwaaa will deliver an oration on pure and the best quaUty. A list of prlees can b«In reckoniag men's condnet, we are to remember the rarlst/ of temperaments and constltatlons appertatatac«eenlitaf,lii|(aM>«t>lt li doubtfal. The lea-ling caaMBtM wUlb* Heaara. Cnmr, Corona, and Tao-and received otlierIn i«|aid -to the Presidential qoeatlon. Genera the coast in a heavy aorthwest gale Capt. RnsaauCAMBaoii, It 1« thought, w-111 have more than two. is the petaan who rescued Capt. Litci of the ill-fatedWiSHiKOTO!!—the prototype of the American char actei" this evening in the Baptist Churob, comer of Broome and Elizabeth streets, and Rev. Mr. Rinaa will discourse on a sliailar tbeme at thebad at tbe oOee.UDOLPHO WOLFE,.tlijjda, aecurlng a dedaraUon in bli favor, and theattamet Arctic, with Mr. Allsb or the Novelty-sad ten other on the 27th of Works, passengers, Sep-temt)er, 1854, end who, after bestowing upon them tbe bospiUllties of Ida ahip for two weeka, landed the party safely at Montreal. Thua far, it Is said, Capt. Rcssiu. has received none of those tokens of esteem which generally fall to tbe share ofCaptainshave tbe good fortune to be instmmental inupon tbe ocean. It la several years since he visitedDlnlag in iha Middle Agea. yet produced. A fascinating drama, now attractingthegreatestcrowdsofapplaudingpeople. Goearly lavbisbtheyhavebeenbredandInwhichtheyn«wappointment veattoo.of a full delegatloaio tbe Chlca(o Con-The servants of the hall, headed by the and eecore a good seat.Th»S«ie>tlfle Caarae atTaIe> txtrwu BT oAssnra h. olat.Niw-Hatdi, Tneadaj, Feb. 21. CAB8niBM.Ci.AT Ii^ares before the Tale Ag- ilealtnral Aiaoeiatton to-aiorrow (Wednesday) even-Jng, am again oB Thursday at 3 o'clock J*. U.whosteward,ormaitred'hoUl,withliis rodofoffice brought the dishes to the table in formal proces- sion. Their approach and arrival were uaually an- nounced by the sounding of trumpets and music. Those who served at the table itself, whose busi- ness waschiefly[AsxnmiMwt ].HOLtowAT's OiNTMXHT —ContrMted joints rub-bed with this onguent will soon recover their fleilbtl- Ity. The local pain In gout or rheumatism la quickly allayed. Neuralgia, tic doloreux, and all affections ot the nerves of4v«n: disorimimitlontobemadebetweentanlliat jsiifb and fa alto ef mature ase.Bins aC thonghtlessasas aad heedlessness are la ba IsatftiBy judged by the side of sins of eralt. SlaaaCibs dseatrad to be lightly judged by tbe side of the dseeliar. A singis bet Is to be dealt with cliarltably.tin Is'llHaala.Ouoj, 111,, Ta«adar< ftb. 21.The di7-goodi store of 8. H. Gokb, in this placeitogether with an adjoining dwelling, was destroyed by tire this monkbig. Loes not known. The prop- erty waa insured for •3,800.Seateaee'af Deatk.NBiraax, N. J., Tuesday, Feb. ^I.Oco. ACUB, who waa convicted in the Horris County Courts of the murder of Isaac GoanoK at Mlntrille, laart Fall, was yeaterday sentenced to be jivoig on Thorsday, March 39.BfaveacBts ar Gem Walker. MoaraoiuaT, Ala., Tuesday, Feb. 31.•fSTfl. AddrsMGeo. Wn4JAM WaI.kbx left yesterday for the driver to stop, but that he paid no attention tocupboard, wliich was covered with vessels of plate,whichtwoesquirescarriedthencetothe tabletoreplace those which were emptied. Two otheresquires were occupied in bringing wine to thedresser, from whence it waa served to the guests atthe tables. The sf number of dishes,forming courses,varjing according to the occasion, were brought in by valets, led by two esquires. AnassecuT, or placer, look the dishes from the hands of thevalets, and arranged them in their places on the table. After these courses, fresh table-cloths were laid, and the enlTemtts were brought, consistiag of sweets, jellies, &c., many of them molded into ele- gant or fantastic forms ; and, in the middle of the table, raised above the rest, were placed a awan, peacocka, or pheasants, dressed up in their feath-with their l)eaks and feet In lessers, gilt. sump-tuous entertainments the expensive course of tn- trcmets was usually omittea. Last of all camethe dessert, consisting of cheeso, confectioneries, fruit, &c., concluded by what was called the issue, (departure from table,) conaisting of a draught of bypocras, and the bonte-hors, (turn out,) wine and spices served rouad, which terminated the re-Tonrlsts In the American Foresta*We prepared for the rougher travel on footChailestao aad Mew-York.The BalUaK af tke Canada. Boston, Tuesday, Feb. 21.The Boyal Mail steamiliip Canada will sail at oaoa to-Bonow for Ltrerpool. Her malls close at«A.M.Boston, Tuesday, Feb. 21. The foUowiag are the footings of our Bank State-xaeat Car Oie past weak :Capital Stoek J^ans BMl naooaatsSpedsAmnaat doe lioaa othar Banks A—~TM« due to otker Banks . . . . SaposUaCbcalattoe^Baataa Weakly Bank Statament.8Jf V eeat. n«ntnmThe then washed their hands and re- guestsand with bills of lading at- ta^ed Ht9fit V cent. FasiaBrs have slightly adraaced; Cotton to LlTarpool Kd. Scsaa steady at 61(e.«7)(e. fbr fair to fuQy fair. Coas dull at 7ac. «rae. for mixed. Laan quiet at IO!«c.aiOVc. Coftsspast.paired into another room, where they were served with wine and sweetmeats, and after a short time they separated. The dinner served slowly and ceremoniously, must have occupied a considera- ble length of time. After the guests had left the ball, the servers and attendanta took their placesPBTLAnauBIA, Tuesday, Feb. 21.IIthe quality she eulogizedand to the illustrations af-for Superfine to Extra. 'Whxat in active demand at «l 4»Stl 90 for WMte, and tl 35a«l 36 for Red.reading.The lectureKew Haaa tlS 30«tl8 75 , prime Old, $13 ; New, $15.sympatheticallyapprovinglybyCoaasteady. Paovisiossq<Uet. Poazsteady;the mountain forests to Tahawus,ten miles distant. Here the expectant tourist in thissteamshipFLOtm Ifinn, at $5 37^ for Howard-street test the improvements which have been^a-Baoobunehaaged. Wbidetfirmat23>«c.a25c. BAi-Tnoas, Tuesday, Feb. 21.be instructed in regard to suchtion. Every arrangement should be as simple ?.sInaad. Wbba* ateady, at tl 30 for rad, and •! 40 •tl SO Car white. Coax firm and active, at 72c.9 Tfle. for wUto, and 76e.«T8c. for yellow. Poax sfBdy. WBarr lower, but active ; Ohio, 24X0.AfALACEicoiA, Saturday, Feb. 18. VvrtOt-^^ea of the week, 2,250 bales ; navi- satlon excellent ; receipts of the week, 7,000 bales ;recently made to her engines. So far, the result Is hlgUy sat-possible.Amanneeds aatout flannelhunt- onlyexports of tbe week. 7,250 balesahoodandcapeofthe same ;stock, 41,500 bales, agatast 24,000 at tba same time last year. Prices areAsh to adjust its lengthmaterials, made so as to envelop the head andIrregular.bust, and leave the arms;stockings,;FaiUBTS aad Ezouasob unchanged. MosiLi, Saturday, Feb. I8Lbegins.'Wednesday, wliich Introduces these forty days of free woolenCoiTOIt firm ; sales, to^lay, 4,600 bales, at lO^c.«10He.lOirolddling. „ ,. „„ HoBiu, Monday, Feb. 20.There is tn improvea demand for Cotton, at stiffer prices ; saUs, to-day, 11,J00 bales. Quotationsunchanged.CnciKHAn, Tuesday, Feb. 21. FLOint dull, but prices unchanged. Wbiat dull. 'WmsxT, 20!lc Mesa Poax and Lass neglected.£nlk meals in llmiied demand.CiaomATi, Tuesday, Feb. 21.recur, balls and all fashionable amusemenU will be partially suspended.cessary toilet materials. Provisions, also, shsuld be simple. The hunters live chiefly on bread or crackers, and maple sugar. The usual—Money market firm. Bight £:xchange on New- NxwBBOYS. The friendsorNewsboys' sils for cooking are a short-handled frying-pan, aYork imciianged.of the,, , _ I „ Lodging-house will have an opportunity of aiding broad and shallow tin pan. tin tea or coffee-pot, tin— CoTTOB ACHABLiBTOJt, Monday, Feb. 20. easier; sales, to-day, 2,000this excellent Institution for homeless boys, by being plates and cups, knives, forks and spoons. These,balea. 3,050 bales.on Wednesday evening, Feb. 22, at 7H o'clock. pect to camp out some time, should take with them KlLLXD BY A Fall.—About 4 o'clock yesterday a light tent. The guides; will fish, hunt, work,afternoon, Micbsbl Kblit, while engaged In repair-trifleat the Pupils' Exhibition of the Mount Wash- with shawls or overcoats, andIndia rubbercapesCITY INTELLIGENCE.Thb Btbxbts TwriEDAT.—The combined pow-build and do all other camps,ing a tkyiight connected with the Art Union Concert- ers of tlw salt and aun have been at work upon the room, No. 497 Broadway, slipped and fell to thelor two dollars a day and food. wilderness earlier than the middle;Thencongregation, throughagent, makes a strong appeal for dollar subscriptionsto pay its indebtedness. Every subscriber will re- deer. ceive a lithograph of the Church.the flics andmosquitos,and, yesterday, they had reducedground, sustaining Injuries last evening.from which he died earlyof their wardrobes, compelled to attempt been bored. one of the Insurance Fortunatelypatrol-my financea were not very flourishingshe gave me my bill at the end of the month I was almost ashamed to pay it. There were severalmayof a broken head, la the dark comen where votes areemdon were thefrom ex'ended observation andwasmoderate audien.e.andreceivedapopping expeditions. Some of them felt men discovered the firs immediately after it broke out,obbgedto cross Canal-street, and they would walk and quenched it before much damage was done. Thethingsto be learned in the kitchen. I saw howup to the edge of the pavement, look Into the wasteol waters betore them with a turn melancholy gaze,lower of the bouse is partas a store liquordistance, like cranes on tbe banks or a country pond, andthenbeataretreataltogether,ormakeadespair-1 also learned how, with a handful of coals or—curb stone we shouldasy. Tba saiae scenes were repeated in the vicinity of St. Paal^ChTneh and tlie HnseonL Tbe polite TiiliriltiiB k^ere bad their tiands full, and lometlmesthey were oceasionallv under the ne- oaaritf' of traaqiorttiig animated btudles of dry goodsfmaaaesUatotbeothwofBroadway. DuringtheHwrawasa full force of otBeen In anandaaea, bat as the waten rose higher, in the aftanwoB, only a single <me, aad he at least six feet Inhalifat,maftitelnedhlsposition. Thefrightfulcos- dittoB of affairs at Icnga awakened the attention of tta anthoriltes. Yestardartha City Inspector's ea- tlra force aras called together and ordered to be ready icir duty on Broadway at an early hour in the even- ing. Soonafterdarkseveralhundredcartsandmen appeared In the street, and the work of removing the enowandalushwascommenced. Atmidnightthe condltton of the street had t>een very much Improved, and tt was thought that hy dajHuht it would be pas- aable. OtkarthoroughfareswUlbecleanedassoonasposstUa. —MooK AcOTJOKB. Among the most wretchedeye-sores that festtr in the decent parte of the City, are thoee dark, triangular dens, at whose windows are dlspUyed sundry watehes of galvaalzed pewtor, and from whose doors glower out upon passers-by a kerd of swindlers, with faces of wigalvanlzed brass. ^It is a aad confesrton of the weakness and uselessnesscharcoal, and a/oumea«or 40 inches range longing diva Ibr tte opposite shore -and fresh consumed in this kitchen in a year would not keep going the kitchenBMtr anas,Whrx. Before the flames were extinguished the fur- wetk. niture and building were damaged to the extent of—Onrc a Week.aailrpartoftliedaTwas tbe work of an incendiary, from the fact that wlthto the last month*the City authorities, whichIWia Ihaaa dens. And yet It la dlfficulMo see whatlean be ofiered forThe proposition before the Leglslvlure Ibr flle.^o•telreotnal punishment of this whole bread ofyflWn*. by making them forfeit to their vlc- ttBMwhatBraraitirie they cheat them into buying andbytelnfthembesides,it is tobe hopedwiube ad^ttad. "Ae fcct that la a great city there wlU be anany raseds,'is bo excuse for not dlmlnlehlng theirjimBMrasteBSpossible. Peter Funk is not alone aa avll to Us ylettm, but an Intolerable nul- aaace to tbe puMle wt>o must pasa his door. The daily sight oif tt« little herd of snakey facea that la<A out on tbe street ttom the mock auc- tloa rooB, Is enonglt to loiUet oa tlia strongest moral •ease aa hitcUectaal and motal aansea. which be- comes ebroBlc when the nolsanea asnmes the posl- HoB of a settled Insdtatlan, as this class of sirindling aiisias III hs III il I Emboldened by toleration in |>M|B0ea, the nuisance has broken out tn the midst -«<•beatstatesaadshopsofBroadway. Withina lad of aaa of these filthy nests, g&Uant policemen es-*"~<onltng"the street, and swear fiercely at rn. But no officer Is found who tiaps leas agreeable, but cer-of breaking up the nest of Intliis (Teat metro-pleads their InablUty tosubmittingto theirilMSA*^^Untitled Document»«-ba risk attended only at tbecause save a overland and late the middle of the streets, they many piigrlmsge,the sidewalks being. AcUng to unison withthese laws, a Mwto tba IVDSPBrDKHT on tka lomesotthatfas.pravaUkigt^,nafellowing iestlaoBlali tn ban two at Htt^aGreenock, Seotland, after a long and stormy passage of 60 daya, during which the vessel split her saiU___^___ No.aBeaver-si.him Mr. Anoilo Boxtsih was adriving grocer'swagon in Third-avenue, near Fifty-eigfath-street, when ills horse became frightened, and running off upset the vehicle, Mr. Boxtbim was severely injured,—asFCGITITB Abbxstxd. Several days dince infor- mation was received from the Police authorities of Boston that a robbery had been perpetrated in a dis-.... .. 7,430,000 reputable house in that city by a young man named ... 17,598,000 Cbasus SzAiioK, who immediatoly fled to New-Y'ork. . . . S,30S,500 It appears that a atranger fell into the hands of some$36,281,700 £0,113,800 4,577,000 S,S49,000and was Induced to play "bluff;" but aa fh;aemyblceorusl.d not win his money, they drugged his wine, NBW-Oai.aAns, Monday, Feb. 20. and then robbed him of a diamond pin and $285 in COTTOV aetiTe; sales, to-day, 19,500 bales at money. On receivlna information that SxAMozr waa ltKe.011e. for ndddUog. Sterling Exchange 1\9 In this City, Detectires Euisa and McCoan tracedhim to a house in Grand-streeit and effected his arrest. Tax HiBoic IN CouMON Lirx.—Mrs. Sa&ah ItippmcoiT, better known as .Grace Greenwood, lec- tured last evening at the church of Dr. Chapu hert;by Telefrsph.—^RtollV Kxcfaange on New-York 60 days, I ^'3 subject " The Heroic in Common Life." Florence Sli V cent, disooum -, do. at sight, par to!i ^ cent. Nightingale, Lady Franklin, Dr. Kane and Capt.preminm.Plottb firm ; sales 2,000 bbls. at |5 75®t6 50 forded by tbe lives of these, she added others, derived—at the tables. -4rt JoumcU.dsmage, having been blown offChurch at Port Richmond, Stolen Island. Baptiat Thb Octobook at Barnhu's Husicii. this af- kaawledce and habiu of ceflectlon. AUovanee la ba ternoon and evening. The best of all the Octoroonfr' As In Judging men's eondsct, for the oiroamstsanath» Unltod States, and at the nresent comingoyer a cMHWunder clicamstances of peculiar hardship, tbe occa-iton la thought to be a suitable one to make eome fit-ting testimonial for the highly Important aervice ren-dered the unfortunate commander and passengers ofJestc Capt.ahip Stephens, whlch^at sea, ^as fallen In with by Capt. Nti, of the steam- ship Pacific, and he and tbe crew were rescued from their peillous sl'uation. For this humane service Capt. Nra received a prompt testimonial from the British Government. The merchants have the caseof Capt. RcssBLL in charge.VlBICLI CASITALTIia.—GlORQB FlSBIS, a lad8 years of age, attempted to jump from a car of the Second-avenue Railroad Company at the comer ofElghty-third-atreet, before the vehicle stopped, and fell in front of the wheel wliich passed over his leg, breaking it in two places. He alleges that he toldSiBcer's Bevrlas hlachlnea* No. 3 sewing machloesNo. 1 sewtog maehinasThe family sewing machine, A The family sewing machtoe Hemming gaagea,the Arctic. Rcasiu, was the commander of the1,393. WhenJOSKPH H. RIOHABDS, Pablisker. Ka.« BnsKsaa st„ Hav-Ysrt.and wmentsecond-street, while crossing Seventh-avenue, near Twenty-first-sireet, was run over by a horse and sleigb. Tbe driver did not stop to ascertain the ex- tent of the lady's injuries, but some persons who wit- nessed the occurrence went to her assistance, and after restoring her to consciousness conveyed her home. —whenlying wator-logg6ait was announced that the ditmer was ready, the guests advanced to the hall, led ceremoniously by two matlres d'hotel, who showed them their places, and served them with water to wash their handa before they began^They fountl tlie tables spread with fine tablecloths, andcovered with a profusion of richly-ornamented plate, consisting of"to his residence for medical treat- Mrs. Mooas, residing at No. 9« West Twenty-conveyedtypes selected by her to illustrate;Tbial TaiP.—Theken out to sea by the engineer, yesterday morning, tothroughAdriatic wassavingwere of stiil—and often, in the halls of princes and great chiefs, noble barons. The meal itself was conducted with the same degree of ceremony, of wWch a vivid picture may be drawn from the work called .the Minagitr de Patis," composed about the yearequally$10S M n W 4lifetime,rank—never less thansensation cured by the same means.;g|)e ytto-|?orK ^\mts, \0/!kwuAaii, it^xyurg^^*^?«~^w«? •iji^^^^i'i)prerertlt seems very doahtful whether letterboxes which have been distributed tnrough- any atteiapt__aad Ills #1. Bsatbrlug abirt, coarae and trustworthy trousers, wool- iafactory to those Immediately Interested. After re- en stockings, large heavy boots weU saturatedturning to the Ll^tahlp to send the officers of the with a composition of beeswax and tallow, a soft Company to the City, she proceeded again to sea,and will remain out imtll to-morrow. In order to ex- felt hat, ana strong buckskin gloves. A woman pose her machinery to a more thorough test A needs a atout flannel dress, over shortened criuo-statementoftheresultwillbegivenonherreturn. line,ofshortdimensions,with loops andbuttonsAsh Widnbsdat.— ient To-dayfasting, is supposed to I>ave taken ita name from stout calfskin boots that cover the legs tothe cuE'.onI of sprinkling ashes u[>on the head as a the knee, well saturated with beeswax andsymbol of repentence for ain. Until Good Friday tallow, and an India-rubber satchel for ne-OkDlNAlIOK AND iHSTALLAnON.—Rev. Drs.KxiBS and Pons and Rev. Mr. Hoos, of,thls City, areto participate, this evening, in the services attendantupon the ordination and installation of Rev. W«. tea or coffee, pepper and salt, an ample quantity Iloirxix Tat LOB, as Pastor of the First PresbyterianChurch at Clifton, Staten Island.of maple sugar, and some salted pork, to use inpresent to ofl" the rain, the guides will carry, with ingtonInstitute,whichwillbeheldforits benefitat keepSavahbah, Monday, Feb. 20.CoTTOH not materially clianged ; sales, to-day, No. 585 Broadway, opposite the Metropolitan Hotel, gun, axe and fishing-tackle. Sportsmen who ex-,movedoffsoonafter Ho'clock.Thus the Seventh Regtmeat baa left New-York totraftoaintheirUes lusd ^ mu for fooi.almlUrWthe .._caat,—it Is raCrasUag to wltaaes anythtog like an at.tampt on the part of poUto sarrants to furnish any butextorted eoayaaienees to tlie people. The green delujKd with melting »now and m'lddy waters. At '*fS?*^v ^,^SyTM««''tototheclrcnUtlon. th»r««-A ffovDaT WITH TIB nrvwra Fbafly al Beais aad atceltbrau Ihe day as it bestan with Its streetsaame dlgesOimto psrt to the Wood newfrom the stomach to,tbe_rwi ** **"-* Chanb-Pkjslsli —1 TisT lartbsloutout the Ciij, thetetore, are hailed as oases, If Ihey should endeavor to adhere to their regular gan expels them.leavingbywator, from the various parts of the City to thit clear lor the soldiery. Doubtless the United Amer- ?r*^l! S!, ^m'"**'* extracts composing flhsyeneratda temple In Nassau-street,It la aodentood that in the bill, of whicli Mr. ken to the OlHce itself, jet ihe community will duly succumb when it yields to such obsUeles as now pre- any length of time necessary to cure without oihar•BBT. BTBFBBM H. TTNO. D.D.. CsMribsies Us ftmrthFAMILIAB LKTTBB OW SmiDAY BOHOOLB.and be loth to dijpenae with itmembers ofSold at No. 2Msquare, at 25 cents a box, with full directions, and I>tordinary buUness,alter they have once experienced its benefit^ and the tirederranoboywill blessthehandsthatthuasave him many a Journey ihrough the almost endless town. II any community should be favored with postal con- veniences that community sbonld seem to be ours, which IS tbe ilcbest tiibutary of the national mall department. How suggestive of the postal tocome derived from New-York is that huge wagon with its six horses, which rolls through the streets under tbe•'Imperial name of The United States Mail," thsvery driver whereof Is no ordinary Jehu, but a well- clao and booted ofSclal, whose very coat seems pad- ded with all the dignity of the United Statea.An OrPOBIOHlTT tor AH ACT OF JOBTICB.— Among the arrivala at this port yeaterday, aras that,.said, theCanal-street, aad Noi 4 Untoa- 'To their creolt be itthe Corn Exchange ABSodation have agreedto commemorate the present anniveraary of alldruggists.WisBtnoToa's birthday by suspending business operaUons. A meeting was held yesterday at tbe close of 'Change, and was called to order by Mr. E. H. Wnrra. ThisSee article oa Dtpbtheria. rASvwttiencat.]CHABITY.Ibe 4aty of Undness and eharltaUapass of fseUns aadJodgmmt and word toward oar fSUov-men tocnlealat,region mayprepa-tocarve, and present the wine,and motion areis a sufficient stock of Boston crack- ers, pilot bread, or common loaf bread ; butter,August. pests St. Ash's Chubch for DxAy MnTKS.—This of the forests, are rapidly disappearing, and fine weather may be expected. The sportsman must in June or July tor trout, and in October forsnow since It fellIt lo that condition which cannot be described appro- priately by any other word than "slush." Where- ever there was Inclination enough, the water ^ran in mimic broolu. Thanks to the Croton Board, itcould not find an outlet In the sewers In very many places,eo it kept on Its courae until here and there veritablejiooda were formed. At the junction of Canal-streetand Broadway, for Instance, It waa unsafe for anyjiedcatriaa who was not provided with a llfe-pre-aerrer—in the diape of India Rubber boots—to at- 81 Nassau-street yesterday morning. Immediatoly never appeara twice in the same week, except by tempt a paasagt. There were a few ladies tn •in tbe vicinity of the spot where the flames broke out particular desire. Women are very observing.Broadway, whom the Imperative necessities was a liquor cask. In which several auger holes had Madame probably saw, from my habits of life, thata duly accrediteddeaf-muteFires. IHCXNDIART AtTlKPT.A Parisian liBndlady.Madame eats little, but she is a delicateA bold attempt waa made to fire the premises No. —we bothlove a The same dish change dearly.occupiedby M. J. Ccaans, who is said to have an insuraace onBlot made a polage au gras and a maigre, a pttreeand stalk slowly and meditatively along for a short the stock of t.^,000. fie alleges that this Is not of vegetables, a vul au veru, and, above all, a s&lad.equal to the value of the property contained in the building.IN 8ULLIVAB-STRXBT.Yesterday morning, just before 4 o'clock, a firebroke out under the roof of the alleged disreputablehouse. No. 68 Sullivan-street, occupied by Mrs. Elii i of a hotel of the same size in England for one$300. It la supposed that tbe firepreparationfrjingboiling fish,go—Art Journal.gentlemanhigher esquiresImportant ta Tallara and Othera.The Grovsr & Baker Sewing Machine Company have salt-cellars, goblets, pots or cups for drinkmg, Jost introdneed a new and superior Shuttle Machine, spoons, &c. At the high table the meats were large slBs, high speed, with latest improvemants. Prioeeaten from slices of bread, called trenchers, $50. For sals at NO. 405 BROADWAY, New-York.{tranehoirt,) which, after the meata were eaten,were thrown into veasels called coulouret. In a Ward'sconspicuous part of the hall stood the dresser, or WARDSNO. U> FULTON-ST., BroaUya.Shlrta. SaiBTS.birds and The uten- game.service, It is proper here to remark that the tourist ahould never enter thisfeeder, and she and I perfectly agree on one pointand 34 a diinner could be served hot wide,for a party of eight. The fuelnecessaryof the intolerableand when ;etemeals,areThey are shbjeet topassing*of tba ObrlstlaavoLTs's ruai saaaax wiira.m* wbuxt. sooTjrntba tet that the ot (balingwtuwtftirOLrS'S PtTBS ibisb whiskt.condemnation la fiiui—BjVOUS'a SOHISBAH SOBAVrS,The sahseilber begs leave to Inform country mer- ilisaasils OS from nncharitablesess.L M. 8INQE8 * CO, Ko. 418 Broadway, N. T..^'''reflbsPaafU FaaUir..-i aa«BBatstalr.balliiatsiatbaCItyarjrew-York:SET.HBNST WASO BEBOHBRs OKa saiiBlileratlonof our own oharaotar and habits, aadsura wicked than the thing condemned, are motirsi latodlOSrant individuals; also, differencesofedacafiaa,SZirs A0KMT8, ta lasara a sapfly, vUI Xo.UOFolton-st.,BraekljB. intnrthrsaafatbswhsteaalaagmtttntblsOltr.».^«f Asrge.,^ -' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 