 T3C.9|e |Cei'NEW-YORK, SATIIRDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1860.the human temper,—to be the best natnred people by a pair of the most diminutive of moles, and proportloaate length, she is capable of spreading wlh their wishes, they, with eight of theiri'.vnPRICE TWO C::]Nrs.were no Incidents of interest beyond what would ocVOL. X.-NO. 2822.ramnNi»«i»i,A»6".Ttiewlay,Aug. 4, 1880.To-morrow the Harriet Lam willand suite as far as Acqnia Creek, where tbey wlBwithin the Gulf of Guinea, -te A&ica, tfie sandy shores and barren countrycook, First Lieutenant, Captain of Fore-top, and other nautical dignitaries, that finally he was ena- bled to lay hands upon the desired weapon. I should estimatethismuskettol>e nearlythreetimesthe length of Master Tateisb, but yet he manages to clasp it firmly to his breast and to go through a veryterrified and alarmed them, to say nothing of (heBine," " Home, Sweet Home." kc, wbllst oftentimes the indomitable Tomht Buy be seen parading tbe deck, wMb sword orawn, keeping time to tbe music.arriving opposite the chathedral, halted anl went In.Mr. SiLsis, the icentleman who so tiospttably enter-jMW find onrselTes deepsuppose to deliver up the keys of the city, Ac, to tahied Lord has invited Napiex,Tisible from the decli, while the sea aroundDming these exercises tbe Ambassadors areto be seen, watching everything auenilvely Insmiling occasionally, and evidently well pleased witb^ ianlgetaenadienFtciroenedcUng of twenrtehousand btlhaecks, whifloer tbheto visit his plantation, some litUecity, and witness the anl workingsmestic Institution."distance from the"4^17i^jgof a d&tyjnnhown and the foreign men-of-war with the sa-bottle greenish hue, caused fetid floode from the great river Congo,Do- The Prince Ims acceptel tbe In-ftom us, the chances are that we may remain cars-hours off the harbor, returned safely again on the reiiT promised to purchase for tliem in New-York. never before been known to be here at one tlmo. Institute this 8ftemo<Hi, and were shown its cariosi-populationoied, the Captain and Chief Engineer applied to the"Ko-Kamis" may be seen playing this game everyqneatseveral hours in the rain before the exhi- penetratingthey^mental in bringing about our treaty with so little trooble, and at so early a period.Japan,withthewasignored onand there by clumpsof slender cocoanutslaves on board.' This vessel sailed from New-Imight be furnished with a warm fireah water bath1like a round sugar-loaf. One of the pess on your the said boats being piulially manned by ring- right Is remarkable for showing with distinct Kxaracj—that Is, stickingSubmerged aad Waaked Airay-pricesquatting|||gPPipilP^|PipF*?lljp^.l.U^:i.,Ul^^ 1:-^^ ,ft.r^3^.-4>w,.!. J -"> ' "' .-'^^i^mmwmmfmsfi'ffiimmf'^rimijgiTBJW£SE HOMEWARD BOUND. possible to imagine. They never say cross words, guarded by a brace of aides-de-camps, while the 66,7i« rquarc feet of canvas, which would oover neariy accompanied by the Captabi, Col. Rirur and cur at the Wait of any party of people. The usual and whole cavalcade was an es- 1 H acres of ground—but the wind not Tontinalng fair, ccreral other officers of tbe ship, took leave forArrival of Uie Ifia^ara tbe ble Kamis down to the ignoble cooks, they getCoast of AfMca.tccnpatioiu, RetooicM) AnHuesnenU, Habits, tneOBMt BcTiecs, Coriotlt:; and lugenaity •r the Japs—Their Devotioa to Oin GM^-tails and how they Acquiredte Att of Making Tbem.onobscured this L trotted day previous,Uipntian display aa they by, mlfshia until we entered this port, totally out of coil were annoyed a good deal by the blacks, LAan cut for himself a cane, and the rest Were provii-complexion, he resorts with extreme regularity to i|t C^m ud Capri'c* of Tommy—He the ward-room mess-table, especially at luncheonare called away, ptksnen are posted to repel board- /round, and disposed of in a short time, for the wholeera, with Barines stationed near them the master party were tii ed, hungry and thirsty. Here they were i^ |hdnlgMia Poetry.and dessert occasions, where, if any decoction or infiision of a saccharine nature in a fluid state era to be had, he makes no hesitation in stating ills de-Day by day we see from the ship long strings ofluked, emaciated blacks moving painfully alongthe beach towards the town, loaded down eachwith a hundred pound weight of beeswax on their been shot awayclaim to the poslUon, and was voted flag-oOoer unaniinoi»ly.Afttoan Ootbunt at St. Fatd do sires in that regard, declaring his appreciation origglMas an activeImagination suggests must haveforthey pnrchued $30—besides several beautifulparty adjournedgave a grand sustained theabout tliis horrid coast for aa many weelts,should the winds stay locked up in the cheeks of and I therefore have no hesitation in giving it, .£<dus, as they are at this writing. Up to the time, perhaps in advance to the lady public. I also in-for the to date his llag-officerpawinghome,dispatchestional being, and thoroughly understands earth they intend to do with them no one can tell from Fhlladelpbia, (supposed to have been lost,) hasbis lady spent a long time at tbe Observatory, andat the rate of 7.6 knots per hour by log. This is. (mall average certainly, for a fall blooded clip- set to music and sung to the tune of " Poppet goeswhenthemore profitable, employed off Cuba or Porto Bi:o.constantly put-Treasury,with a razor edge stem, a hollow bow and afar,nm as fine as a needle, but yet she remains dullaad sluggish and by no slufting of weights, thatan practicable to move from aft to forward,can she be l>rought to an even keel,—which ia ouranly liope for getting ont tlie racehorse speed thathasiieenclaimedforher. Shewasbuilt,forspeed,seems to have been sacrificed to Imt in despite of her huge bulk andthe Wea.'cl.*Tbe weather experienced since leaving tlie Cape deTardashasbeesvesypleasant. BeingneartheEqua- theybavenotreatywiththesepeople. TheyliaveandcaIn tliat endapparent e^>acity, she is so filied up with boilers,ar^tliiag ;hugeno available left for hold,storageorwater, andconse-'Tis thee dear—, alone, be calls his Queen Heseesthosepearlyteeth,befeelsthekissessweat. And KoTou '9 down to touch those slender feet.He flies now quick to great and good Tycoon, Whose sun-like majesty lightMnd the moon;|140 per head.bonkers and engines, that there iaAfter landingtheThe Prince;And ask not to be doomed bis bowels to Hail Karl.* .K poetical lleense In allading to the war steamer Ni- agara, of five thousands bortben, as ajank.SajiPaulosiLoahso,Sunday,Aug.12,18M. We arrived here on the Tth witli swept bunkers,. kawwater to fresh. In fact the Nuigara. is the only tipping her by the bow as was expected, notwith-"Tho Southern Cross"-with Itsstars locklBg down upon us, made one forget that thethey then wanted to split the difference,and payalley.spacefoently with only room for tanks containing-ebouttwinklingexpresses himselfas dehgUedwithtbe—a considerabie portion M,000 gallonsdislsace flrois the Coast of Africa was not thegreatest,bas re-of wliich is difficnlt to get at tiiat the contents might al- auMt as well liave been left in the Croton reser- vdi. We are pat on an allowance, which is an in- coDiCDieiice and diacomiort in low latitudes, withaplaasantoragreeabletasktodwellupon. This Malic r. however, of the lack of water, might easilywiih coal forCabot, the arrivedosquadron,aad that the wearing of a thick coat at night was a de-—a Tettical aim to paicb one's month by no meansbybeen remedied had the been sliip,they smoke, At all their mealschop-sticks, whilstIt required a Ugh effort of d^thmatic dexterity to tailed monkeys and parroqnets and since neither ;dinner to be given byevade thisoffering them the temporary oae of the gaUay cop-of naturalhabits, the Taster's task is by no means one to beTbe Oovemor-requisitioniand it was only, I tidieve, byspecimenshistoryarecleanlyin their_„ments,already imaginaryseveral tran-absent, however, sufficiently long^lieseties by Prof, Baiu. The Marquis of CBAsnoa wi&scriptspresentedit,has for hismade sweet-hearts atlOth. Shewasweretoand now they want to know if SO of tbe 100Scarcelyanhourelapseswithoutsomesalutingbeing done."bamboos to clear theway,untilfinallythedigni- Sabbath a sermon Is preached. Onoe a week the deep, and taking a view of the harlmr from Fort Sanlandingof thepartywasgreeteJ withsalute*thethe merits of those preparations by the words, heads, brought from hundreds of miles in the inte- deck, with Ms Secretary, whose duty it is to take Learning thatof Lord who Lyons,Tommy's youthful imagination is likewise being be disposed of for a few copper macut. here in Lo- eagagcBeat atlilWS FEOM TBB AnUGAN SQUADRON. taught to shoot, through the medium of a ship's ando. And in the town, too, we i>ehold gangs of the exercise at fire^dSners, when an alarm with the seeing the retiring Govemor-Oeneral In an opengood nothing to say. At a late hour the dinner party broke up, roJe honwkand was serenaded the Marine Band. bymusket and the drill of a sergeant of the guardHe had some diflficulty, however, in procuring thispiece, for some evil-disposed person amongst our ing—men and women together large jars orfills of each boat, so that In an actualthere could be none of tbe luhunian desertion and in-in theCape1 wrote la^t from SL. Vincents, crew gave him a written order for it on a breakers of water for the use of their Portuguesecatastropbeihecathedral bells tolled, bands playing,rocketswerelet off,andasaluteof17close the original in the Japanese lingo, which no the views of the Oovermnent in the idlealongside,however, of our falling into this see-saw of ill-hKk. we liad sailed and steamed from Porto Grande doubt, has lout much of its harmony by the trans- naval parade they have thought proper to keep npoftbem he eonU get the same kind In New-York, and bassadors bave bad invitations from the diff- Duke of Newcastle the most unbounded admlratiflB,fiision into the Anglo-Saxon idiom. The authoron this coast, to gratify the philanthropy of thewould do so upon their arrival. Many are tinkering at their pistols, taking them ^>art and tisg them together again. -erent captains of many of these vessels to visit and plans of the Post-officeparticularly desires bis adorers to have the poemEnglish nation,ships mighti>e somuchtheir ships, but they declined them all, and receive cffice" Three moons since first they met have sped,W lenginide,) wa eertaialy expectsa it to be hotpurchased several monkeys and parrots, which tbey keep in their apartments for amusement. A purchase of one thousand oranges was made for them a fewobscurjs To him his slave will bow and beg to marry,cided on a thin one. Iimumerabiabut theyI.Imbag to New-Tarikt^•'The Flowery Flag again waves o'er his beadThe salt sea dew Is dashed from off the junk,* While Tatxish, sad, sheds tears within his bunk. He sends his prayers of love to distant girls, Wbosecurls,captured the American ship Ene with <which next.pointhewill arrive at 2 o'clock onheavenly dreamy Uiougfatsnight were so almost like rain offsortsandconditionsofpeople. Mrs.Svm,thefaces bloom amidst theirof • vertical sun. tlie dews at TboaffaAVIiileLike birds on gaudy flowers their beautylipsheavypse-iII.Of all the eyebrowed maidens be has seen,reporters gettlnsof fresh vermiillon sips.thatthemoisturewouldrunthe awnings, yet beneath the shadows of the saBs, tkat had succumbed to the steadiness of the gen- tle breeze, made deeper by the brigbt moonshine, and the llluninated image of the machine of our Saviour'ssteam vessel in our Havy, and perhaps thesole exceiAion in all the navies of the world, that the other end. lioando lies in 13° East longitude, set some very remarkable black spots on the lower is unptsvided with tliis very necessary adjunct for and 8<^ South of the equator. It is one of the Por- hemisphere of the sun, near the southern disk.Iha IsealtK and comfort of the tceuing, cooped up, tuguese possessions of the Angola District, form- — — Tbci Elite.largestandingall that has t)een done, she went downptthis port we have seenon board. And although, as I am as- the slave mart of all the slave- P. S. Aco. 13. I open my letter to say that the erly great nearlyblack and wtahe beans, uid Is seemingly very interest-ing to them, for when one Is beaten, a vociferouslaugVfollowsfromthesurroundingcrowd. EventheTbe atCeorg;etawn Heights— Royal Farcy the rest of the bouse. The endeavor will be toWasblactan's Tomb—Ktste Dinner Giren keep at a distance as much as possible every;Congo,;'buying world, and very recently the new depot steam corvette San ./acinio arrived here yesterday,evening, andand have their little teathey still continue to adhere to their "old fofsy** no-authoritiesforanapparatusofthisdescrip-' chosenforthesuppliesandrendezvousofourAf-with intelligence that she had captured, on theby I.ard Z.yans—The Etiqaette ef the New. Yark Bali, &e.Special Dispatch to the Vew-Tork Times. Wasbikotor, Thursday, Oct 4—Midnight.tbin;^ calculated to intrude upon the privmey of the distinfiuished travelers. Tbey nlli nave theirpropertion to be prepared within tenday8,atan estimated6th inst., at the mouth of the Congo River; —thedrinkings.cost of $400—scarcelyrican cruisers. The harl>or is commodious, with good anchorage, and well protected by a narrow sandy tongue of an island breakwater, tufted here— same day and place where the Erie was takenown dining-room, their ownparticular consideration of the proprietor and his servants. But few alterations will be made in tiierqpms before they are taken possession of by LottttheOther vrines our Japanese passengers guzzle in theanddrawing-rooms, arid theof theCliquot andtions oftbe other oScers ("usingtbe'auDit interval—^yet luf goodIiad been submitted. And, so here we go, sandy spit, separated by scarcely a biscuit-toss tfficers of the San Jacinto that he had bribed the with long strides of ocean l)efore us, few ports to from the mainland, rises a bluff point, decked by Deputy Ma' shal tcith -#1,000 to let him departapplicationtrees,the score of want of time, when, indeed, the ship which break the monotony of tlie blue water to York last April, and ihr. Captain of her—Lockhartvse knives and forks. They draw pretty heavy on theThe display of fireworks to night was viewed by Rxaraxw. They are splendidly furnished already,a month at the Navy-Yard after the re- seaward. At the southern extremity of this dry ly name—made no hesitiiion in informing theliquors provided, and a few days ago It was discov- thousands of spectators, ^who waited patiently for and the house is so new that the wood-wok will inHook. The Stormour throats to gasp out our indignation at who- once extensive citadel. But time and an insecure Monrovia to land her black 'freight, and frombait at, and with barely enough moisture left in a few patches of green hetbage and crowned by a from SandyKinghas to gone•ver waa responsible for this neglect I presume foundation have long since done their work, and thence, with her prisoners, to the United States. that, in case the worst come to the worst, some now the fortress appears with one entire bastion We also learn that the steamer Sumpter hasof Niphon turn out drunkards.Not long after we were out, the Captain learned:—a combination of American and English symbolsathat are unsightly. The edifices in the and vicinity,those seen at a distance from this point, are, for the most part, the brown-stonapride of the City. What impression the Kiag in chni sails will receive of tbe value which wecontrivance might t>e improvised to supply the sliding in a lop-sided hitch half-way down theCabenda,$12,-amongsick and ailing with a small quantity of greasy drippings of liquid from the donkey-engine, but, aaeanwliile, the rest of us have the consolation ofknowing tlut, had a proper condenser been put on beard, ail bands might have sram in five thoasandsteep. On the same level begins the town, strag- gling along the crest of the hill, till it ends in a red sterile bank of clay, or else rambling down to the sandy shores of the liartior in a mud-built,' tenant- less state of dilapidation, till they too are lost, and the panorama relieved by a few moreplaceondeparted worth,fremasurvey of tbe naagre higherAtThe Japanese complain sadly, yet politely, of cocoanut clumps, whose spider legged stems supply of coal, amounting to only 332 toss, (all ttiat nels on tbe alert.gallons of parely distilled water every day.daylightconstantly keep the senti-tUa, to thraa, serious deprivationmany of the Japan- large steamship, with llght-Iioase, fcc., representing them will not be commenced tmtil they are vacated ese using their favorite and universal remedy for the the commerce between the two worlds. This Is said next 1 uesday. The decorations are ridi ami taateftd, prevention and cure of disease, by burning with the at the same time plain and void of vainglory. Next moxa, the finer woolly part of tbe leaves of the worm- to be the largest piece of fireworks ever made, it being Thursc ay afternoon, it will be borne in mind, tbe wood, the coarser Und being used for ordinary tinder. one'bundred and sixty feet in length and fifty feet la Royal partly enters upon tbe premises.It is and Tbe was with bombs, send- li.vitatiuus will be extended lo all the Ci'y oAdals; for, although are allowed doable the quantity of theirbat that tiioae dainties would be dished before upanythingpers and engine-boilers, hi lieu oflMtter accom- envied. As for the coat, it lies stacked in greatmodation, and where the temperature is usuaUy at unsheltered heaps on the sandy shore, and it was Secretary, called upon his Excellency officially, andAfter an eariy breakfast the Prince rode out on chosen for the operation. These needles are as fine hors£back as far as Georgetown Heights, where he" "^^K^^o w T!^!?;"'*was the most severe experienced for times of steel, by persons who profess a particular surrounding grounds. The carriages of the Presi- years. The walU of the new buildings in Camp-?rw.ra,s^Sl"^K*''^'''*'"^''it made, there would not, in all humanbeen a proba- Niphon piguU lefton toanicessant toil we have been able to get on board about one hnndred tons per diem. But we must go on shore. There, at the landing of the town, is the American Store-honae, beyond the Portuguesetbem an invitation to come off. Ttds they dil just be- fore sundown. A salute was fired of thirteen guns, tlie marines were drawn up on the quarter-deck, with arms presented, and the bend played.'skill In tempering them. The bony parts, nerves andblood vessels are carefully avoided, and while theydent and the Cabinet conveyed tbe Prince and soile,ta the river. The K-tal loss b^ theMUty.tave S:i'h^:;Zdrr'^-'"'»^-'»"^«Upon leaving, eleven guns were fired for the BiigUih CoosuL Afterare the skin and muscle, are passed through theyIs estimated at $lM.OOO. portionof the city was entirely submerged.In other respects theored, salutes wereyou an account of what has transpire 1 since our arriv- rine Band accompanied the party, and added much toaaw<aldover. Thereisneveraday or lantern, that those who are notCustom-house,pleased Uncle Sam'sreception, knew how " toeonvAiced that do tUogs up right."But enough will bear with;yon giveand a large numberbaayliterary grabs couldany be the widenakedmeamomentsof the Africanwere Ibst, butby paracuh|r»their to energiesareat work with pencils and rice paper, copyinr, words ont of dictionaries, transcribing sohouf- books, poring over drawings, translating vocabula- lies, making tracings of maps, Or saying their les-sons in English. Anda patience and studious attentionAfricachiefumbi, soiar asjudge,—and m ara^pt.^^^.l'tn':!" xt'^I «: smallest af whTMU;«»oyand lift onthe sudden tranattlait'6tima steamer to asailing ship.a desire to visit the city, Ino^derwinding pathwayWAsan-otoj^be- tionsof Florida.chop-stickspipes,diligentlyexportsw^e^may sl^Aoardto the tomb ofto try oldlngtheold CapUm-Ganeml,who wt, !Lawu Tbe spare of the Aiagsra being taU, aad tbe yards of placed foot upon AAtea's saady soU, In accordance fcre which they halted, with uncovered heads. Ther,Untitled Documentwere a few old lumps of miserable induced, only by pressinga hair and are made ofTaesdcy, whichstreet feU, killing two workmen. Two coal-boataoo, thatr»«>fuUy, to decline. Had, however, the offer barges into service, and the towing of nearly allasand silver and some-examined, with great inVrest, tbe cemetery and tiethey""nnthwith which the boata and Kroomen of the shipping, that by in-goldJapanese h:.ve been a.and all aroand twelve inches ofwhose carcases exhale the most nauseous oilyodors possible for a civilized nose, tmaupported bywith theirandof the occurrences at seaand ifthe Navy-yard and the Ar-of housesofmoment, by li^ht of black, filthy, yelUng, hooting, jabbering aavages,fewIwill^11 conducted,united to aThe Japanese servants, with their usual curiosity,everything.downright natural relish for thelaaming and infonnatJ<m, that is asaa k ia commendable. Iforeover, in all their va- iled pursuits and occi9ation% which they have aedalDusly carried on ever since leaving New- Tork, there is no jar or dtseord, andflag-ship TbedayafterourdeparturewegotIntowhatwe oScerscameonboardtheNiagaraandforrather ealctilateddevotingHead-quarters—We found the fiag-shipthe pleasure of the trip. Whenthepartyarrivedatthegroundsthey-wereor fort)- the greatlytoo, withof thegrog-shop—theofihetown-whenlwas startled by a sharp jan-Oct. 2. and fourthey trulytheir feet would havea very httle barouche wi.h theandtbe ocean m» bow rendered more so than ever, byof Georgtaandlapor- •position,the'-"^^v'-ewv'" -y^.dirty sand, trodden upon by hoideanearlypeoplelonger Squadron,?thefl od. severallivesaromaticinto thinnoBs happened to of a newmetCommander Baxar; steamer Moktean, Commander absurd formality to the bouse, into every nookast M, oTT'*"'"• ' "^^-'^wishing to be as economicalpossible with our coal,experienced during M days at sea. Whilst at anchor here they amuse themselves Ashing over the side of the ship, and on one or two occasions have been quite snccess- fuL On the third day after our arrival they expressed to say that they hadto endote.The Iday plangedbytheSuperintendent,and conducted with andwere blown downandtkaafepavinegar,aandy and atmospheric meUfge of nasti-CamttUation, Com. laMAiioccur on the adventCaptain General, to reUeve the officer in commandGCIKI5;AT BATON EOUGE. Batob Roesa, Tuealay, Twenty-tme coal-boats were swampedofremarkable fare of trumpets, andthing.supposed to be the incipient northeast trades, anl,acquisitionwereed to the Ambassadors, who seemed dellghtel at theProvince. I was standing at a pnlperia fashionable hotel andbilliaid resortpecuUar objectand elicited aturning my visual or^n.AND FLOKIDA. AoausTA, Ga., Tnursday, Oct. 4.t^vo heavy dragoonsthe same miserable wretches, chained with heavybarouche, (a very rare veLlcle in this country,) drawn by two gray mules, with his aids mounted on beaotl- fnl black horses, and tbe entire military corps of theiron links and padlocks by the neck, and carry- —emergencythebrig Stormwith 603America," 1 callmay them)hemapbroditeKing,Youngre delighted to tit at a table handsomely spread, andtaken a vessel, off suspicionsceo in cash on board.withthere was a great quantity of lucifer matchestheir baggage, and these articles are strictly prohibitedit was to allow tationsasinducedthemtopitch themall overboard but we are not yet convinced that they all disap- peared, as mysterious lights sometimes are seen in some of theirrooms,and mottoes, all interwoven vrithFrom AnothST Oorrsspondsnt.On BoASB IT. 8. Stxih FsrotTK NiiaxaA,Hasbob or St. Padi bi Loakdo, AFaicA, Tuesday, Aug. 14, 1880.dangerousand made suchrepresen- ;of Columbia and Britannia, while adjoining the firstwas in the possession of our agent,) and steam For several seem scarcely stout enough to bear aloft on their " having dayscrackling tops, a single nut apiece. Such been gotten up, the order All hanJt up Anchor" was dried-up, given, when we slowly moved out of the harbor of elupmates, yet it is not enough for thefr endless is the outward appearanee of Loando, which some Forto Grande, and at nightfall the rocky surface and"tsa-drinltings, rlce-boilin|p, rinsings, shavings, facetious naval joker designated the Paris of gray Uses of the Cape de Verdes were lost to view.and their of bathing. From the Africa." To on shore, aa I did, the after I do not wish to visit tlie for a more mis- sprinkUng style go day place again,princely profusion they were treated in the our arrival, the seiftation produced to the eye and erable-looking town 1 never wime&sed before. Not United States, their l)elief in our marine re- nose is novel, though by no effect of imagination even a spear of grass or a tree are to tie seen ; nosources and power to serve or gratify them, al-most amounts to delusion and 1 feel satisfied ;that, since we have approached the shores of Africa, were they to call for a roast elephant or boiled lion, they would entertain no sort of doubtrdiance, Ijowever, received a gentle shocK a fewin short, the mostand these on being placedcan it be termed pleasant. Indeed, from the glow-ingwe bad;expresclvecones,the parts (elected for the operation aie set fire to fromtuouslyevery about thepainful, except when repeated in the same place, as Itof the kind he had ever seen.The Prince visited this afternoon the Female Aca-accounts we had heard of this Africana terrestrialglorious tropical foliage, fountains leaping turaul-1 extinguished.tbe top;picturedparadise,from floatingsuburban glen, and anthracitebay in the Cape de Terde Islands—a bay capable of hoi ling three hundred sail of large ships, and well sheltered underTheMayorbasthusfar pledgedblmsdftoasMase all the expoises. The torches aad nude fat ft*harbor inthemattlieirusaalhourfordinner. Thistrustful painted barges, towed byyacht-likesteam-tugs. tbeUghlands. Itiswelladapted^theDMa equal Ai the djamal swamp pervading the rills of water are drawn from a stream of mndJy,Thea signal-postdB]raaco,>when,eoaatantly stirring.pevmenthave very elaborate treatises as to the effect produced the establishment, and enjoyed tbe amusement great- these expenses wlU be sent to the Comrnon CoODClLcoalBut alasis. or when!after wandering out here nearly a thou- accllmatiziag the crews of vessels to Uw A&ican goinglower decKs, flavored above by a very palpable aiMi not unfrequently bracltish river, about seven may be seen upon a hill at arshort distance from the anchorage, which gives notice of whatever may beand Its application ferms a science and profes- sion by itself. The fleshy parts, especially of theaiOma of i^ntk of Niplian, from aloft the chief miles from the anchorage, dipped up by naked passing or approactiing the Island.Kami modestly rsqnested that the entire Embassy, brutes of negroes into open casks of clumsy, leaky Upon entering the bay you notice first a remarkably conaisting of one traodred and ferty-siz $oU*—»i- boats, by which process every cask has to be tasted sleep and high Islet, called Bird Isle, whtuh appearsAKOTHEB STOItM AT THE Another Japanese invention, practiced chiefly In a without doubt, enUtled to this honor. Tbe Prince Lives Tt-T Tr"-*'-rr"T»illahpdlowing each individual the proper complement— l>efore being pumped on boyd ; to say nothing oftion, I am informed, at least once in six montlis.lovelygailysometimesappliedparts.Firemen's paradepaid by himinvolving an <ii|iiisiaiCiysium clothed withprofane, is that it looks like h—1 he only thing that can be said in praise of Portothey bum very slowly, leaving a scar or blis-ter on the skin, wliich some time after breaks and dis-charges. Tbe operation, I should judge. Is not very tion was deserving of the highest praise, and exceeded uin the Prince.sand miles from our track, we discovered that the station, and a flne breeze Isvrith anull lilj high in the tulw, a closeness aad damp- rich coloring is mere both, tliat tlie pure limpid Government is building a new Ctistom-bouse at themucky atmosphere,on the 18th inst., received our liavingbot'y servants,lodgedwater to be procuredcomparison I can institute, witliout meaning to beit is made in little upgiveThis piece was a perfect triumph, and elicited fromthe vast assemblage the most extravagant applause. The Duke of Newcastle said that such an exhibKJ. K. Lavukci of No. 354 whicb Mr. Broa'tway.AscuiEAi.!), the British Con.<ul, Is greatly pleased with. The vehicle, which cost tl,tX)0. iselefaat^boi not gorgeously trimmed, and with rii Mnrt liiiiiM aalilil lorm a feature in the procession, even it odwitaaa-Grande is that it has the and best largestbottom of thebay,on the eastside,andby the moxa, according to the part to which It is ap-lywithMrs.ShjthandMrs.SecretaryTbohpsoh. T^ wife of Gov. MoxoAit declines opening the New-York Ball with the Prince on the grouni^tost she never dances and is in other ways an undesirnbie partner. Miss Wood, daughter of Mayor Woon. Is,If audited and allowed, tbe City will have to liqald,ate ihem. Ifnot,theMayorpromisestodosOkthe profile of Gioaai WASaiiioroif, which was firstpreviously_^ baata VYreckcd—Crape I^)ared> dbcAT NEW-ORLEANS. Nsw-OtLXAHS, Friday, Oct. I.A severe stonn in this and vicinity on raged citydiacoTered by an American officer.Oeneral of the Islands arrived the same day that weat#., WABHnioton, Friday,did, when our and,., Oct. S.anxious to visit thethe stomachorotherfleshy parts areCaptainlearnt that hewas exceed-inglyalso upon the English ana extended Consul-Oeneral,for-teiittinginaniHe an at to hehasmuch interest. It is said to be very efficacious in demy superintended by Mrs. Smrs. passed the reporter Is not litierry nameh,as under-taken to pay. Altogether the Mayor assumed the pleurirlea, toothache, gout and rheumatism. They hour and a half in the ten-pin alley, connected with of about $iu.000. Neverthele.-s. the bills forship, he, accompanied by hisabdomen, thoughof theshown every part of the ship, going away dedlediywho confine themselvesEleven were washed away, onthe routecarriedoffbeen received. The damage mi tbe riverhave not yetwas very heavy. Manypartakingho«iduUtlesof thecabin, they werepractltioneiE practice.entirelyto thisboretheBritishflagatthemain. Aftershebsdstart-It was a singular coincidence (we having the Japan- ese on board ) to meet with the Captain of aa American bark, from Boston, at this port, who picked up a num- ber of Japanese at sea, and conveyed them back to their own shores. The event was probably lostra-" Loando,tbeParisofWesternsteamboats were Wawm anumberofotherssunk. SonietUlty>dv«asdie e^tnes were stopped, propeller ^hoisted, fires ei-relieffromthe dull had monotony theyIN LO'WER GEORGIAtlngniahed,tlie huge telescopic smoke-staeks lowered,In formalwhosearmleanedthe Prh«e,theyarrived here to-<lay reporta se*ereliw under salL The monotony of life on atilp potprocession,Passengersstorm ragtag ta the lower part;were4a Yeides, from where we nailed on the 18th ult. mythical corporal of marines. Whilom named matiters. Our Japanese passengers have been on and two in the evening the band practice upon the guns fired from^e iurt. When the procession re- take the cars for Richmond, at which place they kopamotleyWe crossed the Equator in longitude 1= East, passed Cheeks, and it was only after a long and arduous shore in squads, but the negroes, like so many in- Ike solitary island of Annabona on the 31»t, and search, enlivened by applications to the ship's fernal demons, with frantic yells and leapings, soquarter-deck, during whlcb time many are listening turned from the wharf, the two Governors marebed on to arrive in time to see a great "slave sale which take^ lo the sweet strains of perhaps the - Red, White and foot at the bead of It, with their alds-de-eamp; and on place in the afternoon.stench, sand and heat, thata second visit. They have l)cen received he»e l>yIhis successor. When leaving, both their Excellencies entered tbe barouche, aids mounted, when they re- ceived the entire'lliieofsoldiery, amidst the whoop-curlutes and courtesies due to their ambassadorialalways deull,effects of thehumdrum lifethe coast. But cations I have named, he fills up the gaps of leisure ring-tailed howling monkies, which last engaging I l-incb guns was fired with a shell, and thetheyhave not venturedthe Prince and friendsrankWfcoae wide month opens only a few leagues creditable manual. When not engaged in the avo- they have purchased a poll-parrot and a couple oi ent parts of the ship. Upon one occasioo one of the pnrpose of clearing the streets. Ahogetlier it was sn also been invited to visit and Inspect the Univeitfty athy'the;and todiverttheon l>oard,all tbe surpri>lng performances going on in tbe differ- police plying whipvitation, and will do his best to see it aU. Be baamore love-letters to the crinoline idols he left in America. Plain prose, however, no longer serves to assuage his tender griefs, and becreatures disport themselves with rope-yam at-distance from the ship at which Itdid the"Japs ;" but after five hours had elapsed, allVirginia, and the home of Jxrrxasox atMontioeilo.by inditingto return m thewith650onboard. TbismakessixMkricanmen-Special trains have been placed at his aail disposal,te worse, aiu>rt of water, and on an allowance of dicular vei^e. As I have been supplied with a our squadron in portacter, never falls |to attract their us<ilvided atteation. of-K ar nowIdonotthinkthereeverwerearaceofliiteuely interested In the use of firearms thanare, and not long ago they discovered that they have and,be given to-morrow at Richmond, andjbe countty has been ransacked for all the belles, that a favorable im- pression may be produced on his youthful heart.The fiag-ship CoiuteUcilion, man. We haTe already enjoyed copy of this production, translated into horizontal corvette Marion and steamer Mystic. The fiag-two quarts pertkese luraries for four days, and although Loando, rhyme,whither we are bound, is only fifty or sixty leagues especially as I feel confident that the youngarrived, makingthreewarI take theNiphon dandy, in blue blotting-paper vest-ship sailed the day after our arrival, and aftermaking an arduous cruise in a calm of fifty-six not ICO UiOSkets on board, which, they say, Capl. Do- have a grand total of thlrlcen. Such a number has A great portion of the suite vititsd ttie Smithsonianlibertyofappendingit,with the fourimmense exploded greatly tachments to their slim loins on the elegant velvet astonished them. All of these manoeuvres, which;amusing and exciting scene we eiuoyed It, and soMitli of OUT present poeition npIhto ia not all, lor we find ourselves, unfortunately,with only a few scnttlea full of coals on hand, notenough air to fan the lofty ttites to sleep, and what has tossed ofi' a small Japanese poem in perpen- On our arrival we found the following sliips of efficiency of tbe ship, or anything of a warlike char- arrived aad saluted the fiag. She captured a slaver time prescribed in the progrmmme. Ag^aad b^wflicarpetsof the Kamis' cabins. tend to increase the of the crew and discipline thegreat efforts will be made to detain him beyaod "t:y^-^ffyj^ ^^f|.-r.or even look them, but" are kind, amiable, brought up in rear by we were obliged a day or so afterwards to again get a ramble through the city. As some of the Ori- peeplngs, questions and remarks were ma le, and the courteous one towaid the other,—end from the no- cort of four dragoona. The sand and dust titmij up steam, and compelled to adhere to il without loter- entals had gone ashore the and gathering of reMcs was engaged in. sir Htm, Hot-harmoriouelv and pleasantly, and their Ught musi-but presently returning firom the landing, amidat cal laughter by day and night, greeU our ears the banging of cannon from ships and port, theand water, on the evening of the Oth Inst. ten policemen as blaek as the " ace of spades" were ed with sticlu from the ample collection which is al- Ta study aboarl ship, or even to read for any length employed to keep off the crowd, tnit notwithstanding ways kept for the benefit of visitors.through the open skylight of their spacious cabins. Even Tommy Tatiish, though as thoroughlynew Commander appeared.An hundred or moreof tine « Ith •ailsfactlon. Is almost imposslbie, ualessit may be with an old who has made the ocean "salt,"their efforts by cutting right and left with their raw-Bovmtlful lunch had been provided, of wlikh allfoot-Bcldiers'apes of black went hurrying and Bkurrying,s:ream-weie surrounded an immense hides, they "bypresented arms,clouds ofmishapengang Japsf could scarcely stand the African flavor, and most of them held a littlehis dwelling for some forty years.and at which numerous toasts were given.throujhcut the march. Theand he attends devoutly at the mean«hi.e, by scurvy wretches with sticks and momlrg and evening for inspection, af'er which blue handkerchief to their noses all the time. Afterpartook,a young Pagan as ever worshiped idol, isnot an exception to these studious and laugh- ingThe weekly rou-complimentaryspoiledandchattering before the processionwhackedtine of tbe ship Is comprised Into.going quiuierster-loving mies,knees of his good Bonze" Chaplain, where hedrinks in knowledge by the hour together. For taries entered a church, where, with priests and whole ship's eomoaay are beat to general quarters, Miguel, the Ambassadors partook of the hospitality as at tbe embarkation. Mr. Bcohaxah Informed Sec* drinks of a more stimulating and less intellectual flaring tapers, the keys of the tumble-down old when tbe magazliies are open, the powder-boys busy tendered by the American Consul at his residence, retary Coaa that he considered himself commandera prayer ia delivered by the and on the tramp through the principal streets, in sand ankle chaplain, everyand thefort tees on the hill,and all the Angola dependencies, In paaemg and repaaaiiig powder boxes, the great guns where a quantity of champagne and various other U- of the craft, and that he outranked both him and Mr. were formally turned overtoth? new incumbent. are cm.-'t loose and worked by their crews, boarders 4]Qors,with biscuit, cheese, figs and cigars were handed ScBxiLi but Miss Lasx thought she had the highestgives hi* orden to put stoppers on such portion of thestown some very large elephants' tusks, one of which ,After a *ange of dress the wholelothefamoua flightwhich marked the sadon The city parade.convey tbe Prtao*jCaptainstandsuponttiequarter-leopard skins.residence newly-appointed Portuguese dinner in honor of thewho "Terrygo-it," meaningthereby"verygood." rior,fortytosixtydays'journey onthehoof,"to notesofthefight,andalltheevolutionsofanactual Governor-Generalh£ljustarrived,andwastobere- ordealwithbecomingdignity—behavhigthe" tb^Prince,enjoyingIt much. Thengone through—together with ceived with a grand display, we had an opportunity ofaea^raskip's bell Is rang, at vrhich sentinels are placed at thesense to holdhis'tongue whenhe hasof Arttualewyearsago. Twohoursiuthemorningbeings okire Admirallyingatthisport. Tbedayfollowingthehave been for their own special use,for thenext mail " at sea," which shows he ia a ra- to tlie Tycoon cannot be given to them. What on The American coal-ship SelMutian Cabot, 106 days they were entertained by Lieut. Maoxt.A few bouts after the flag-officer's return, thesteam gun-boat Muhican arrived, with the newsthat on the 8th instant, at the mouth of the River tor, twhlch wa oaaMd aa tba Mbno visitors, (except some of our naval officers.) They desire to remain incog., and assign as a reason thatreference.The Harriet Lam has been ordered tothe purpose of conveying the Prince toshe896 slaves on board, together with ten of theWednaed^owners of thoselieutenant and a passed tnidshipman has been sent to Monrovia, where the blacks are to be landed. This will save the Colonization Society the trouble and profit, wliicb they must havp experienced in shipping the negroes in store at Key West to the same destination atthe blacks just taken in the Erie, she will proceed to the United States. The American ship Sebas- tianyesteraay, after a long passage of 108 days from the Delaware. The Marion corvette lus orders for home and will probably leave here in a few da)s, touching at Monrovia to land her Kroomen and then bound to Portsmoutli, N. H.The Female^lnaJtute, at which the Prince pii^eJ ten-pins yesterday, has been besieged to-day by allcaptives.The inship ciiargeof a; We have her but they are greatly distressed about for 100 were just arrived.The wonderful beauty and architectural symaettytheyEnglishered they were In the habit of making gin cocktails intheir rooms late at night—a pra tice that has sincebeen forbidden by the Captalo. Tbis practice they bition Gould take place.have learned from their associations with the Ameri- Owing to tbe Inclemency of tbe weather the third, can people, who will be accountable if ever the sons fourth, and fifth pieces were failures but the seventhvery few places need retouching. From the exdnatva apartments of his Royal Highness the view serosa Madison-square, and up and down Broa ^wmy, Flftn- avenue andmasterly hand, and forming a work of unsurpassed beauty—was highly onboard. Hehadaninterview,andtoldtliemhow successfbl. Inthecentreoftliepiecewerethefiguresweretbe United States steamer San Jacinto, Capt. Donnt,willingship.On last SonJayvessels, Portuguese that were here, weand arepurchased In Baltimore, when Capt Dcpoire told taking from her a supply of coal. Tbe Am- tlie public buildings here bave eUdieJ fram tbeowfeig l« mmeraoa vridte clouds constantly •easssOesky,likeaagtfarobedinwhite,wewere daysago,Sitting pnMsctsd to a certain extent from the scorching raysandtheypresented the fralt to thecrew.It is a source of constant worry with them that theyare not allowed to pay for tlietr own supplies, asmcneywas appropriated by thefr Governmentforthis purpose. Several special interviews have been prietress, is already a lioness of the first water. I held with the captain on tbis subject, but he will notconsenttotheirdoingIt, assigningasareasontliatitwould be contrary to the instructions of his Govern-mentfor one-half, lAit without effect. They have, however,purchased privately nearly as much every day as thesteward of their mess has done. It might be inferredfrom Uds that tbey were not provided for ;afsny-July, In 2°Ewitbut\ful little flying Csh were some days attraet- bave an abundance of everything at all times. The Constantlyimprovement grace-and his accomplished, niece.THE PBOrce IN NEW-T<HIK.ia( our attention. Being disturbed by our appearance only" question is, how to get rid of their money, for Iastantly across tbe waves ahead of us, andsuppose they expect to be censured when tbey arrive home for not spending it.HI8 KOOm AT THB FirTH-ATCXITS BOnt—TA BZmSIS or HIS XBCIPTIOll.in Ihe or chased water,dolphin, they flew con- sometimes, not stceriBg entirely clear of tbe ship, were caught upWe leave here on the IMh, and at the United States weshalloncemoreturnourprowtotheSouthern bytheeverwalehful"Japs,"who,aftershowhigthem shipJfaritnisailsto-day,I mustclose. Yonmayex-Bo soon as the Niagara is coaled and watered,ocean, in the direction of tlie Cape of Good Hope. aboat for a whQe as great curiosities, made short their pect to bear from me again' at Mauritius, possibly of Wales In this City are progressing finely. A saHafound the difference of the.with a ccmdensing apparatus for reducing salt two feet six inches by the stern, so that instead of acter, I may add that on the evening of the.Ist of Most at tbe Japanese are engaged during the day coal or Hater. Until then, adieu. TRAVELER.supplied andInAugust, between 7 and 8 o'clock, sea time, we sawship'sto there for stopTOE PRINCE IN WASHINCTON.The Fireworks aa Tknraday NIsht—Tialc tadraft to l>ematters other tlian thbse of a terrestrial char- if it is found existence In this world. Cape Town,and while in a partial eclipse of the moon againsttidylng English;this, they resort "goe,"great quantity ofeverymeaningfive. It isplayedwitha;evening towards sun-They are on the parlor ooeupaand,whentiredofto tbe amusing and singular game calledIt,whichI have noticedprocured by rubbing beating the leaves till h^ght. piece surrounded to ai'Si^t at the reception of the Prince at C^^tle Gar- tbe green part separates, and nothing remains bntjthe ing up their shower of stars, and everything arranged den. Mr. Vak Racst, the liiery sUibie min, has por^ wool, which is sorted into two kinds. When applied additional that could more effect to the ezhlbiilon ciia.-ed tor the occasion a magnificent barouche fromto certain tender Ourphysicianswitnessedsomeoftheoperationswithare 01('^JOC—asiniilaramountforanotherpurposewtiiekplied;; back,areordinarilyselected andevery person, both young and old, male and female, submit to tbe opera-violent attack of coIi,cJs mcupuncturewith a needle. According to their theory the colic is caused by wind, and to let It out several small holes (nine being a favorite number) are made with needles prepared for the purpose, generally In the muscles ofmeet and be introduced to tbe ladleswas the Americancoat of and tbe latter the arms,than the of the tbae willnecessaryof fifteen apartments In the Flf h-avenne Hotel—the— finestroomsintheImhisc willbesetapartforLaidOn the top was a flobe surrounded by theAmerican and English flags wreathed together, andon each end, separate from the main piece, was a sons, and tie few changes which aretobeiaaAsinEnglish.hi anupper ststy. Tbewillwith whom he is to dance Mr, GainsELL.with Mr. BncHASAH and the Invited guests,'" to thetwirled about in a peculiar manner. There are m:iny Harriit'Lane, which was beautifully decorated, and cityTheb«kal at theground nuts. Ivory and slaves.fired from senal,whichwerereturnedbythecutter. TheMa-sloop-of-war Marimt,andsteamerMfttic,Lieut.-CommandingLs comerofwhichthepartypenetrated,manifestingsugir-houses injured.Rot—officers and crew all well. Next morning sa- greatest interest in11 went on shore, to endeavor to see and learn some- lutes were exchanged, and 17 guns were fired by the tile was a ofThe key of the Bas-jfor the Japanese Embassy. Afterwards theInterest,short moral discourse from the Earl St. Gianiixsthe benefit of the who seemed more In- young Prince,terested In the fascinations of Miss La.'is than in the terrible reminiscences of tbe key.headed by the President, onmarched throughpresent-steamboats sunk at this place by the storm to-day.-anashore andTbe return trip was made <n remarkably quick tisM,wereswampedanl Fat^it- Departments have been fumithed him for fotnracalled there to-day, and found fourItems, and FaA!fX Lisui's artist making a sketdi ofreception be has met, the entertalnmeBtceived, and tbe genial and hearty manners oTMslMstThepreparationsfortherec^tionaltbePrhie*RxitFuw and hit followers. (2d)ttoorofthehotel,andwillberefittedfortbetion of the royal party. They front on Fitth-aveniw and Twenty-ihird-street, aad will be partitfoneJ off fromTwenty-third-street, has In it few obrjeetacolumn near by, that lilts its sbaft not muchsecond-story U>fty hostelry, determine. The domesUes onthe Prince, except hiswill berooms of the party are yet occupied by pilvala per-storm ta thU mile.oftheJ«>ksonRaaroad&ASB. HOlif ':-'m*^^^mmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^"'l^MfiiiP'''-- Sfe^r^^^r.^^www.fultonhistory.comrifj^iftttscwm^-' ->--.-:»-a^.-.«^--.j.-g-.*