 |j^na.is* flaw„jfijj aw*jr iT»» 1A*r UiaOi—'BS ,,f<*1t thereare ai*>»e» wno raw »*ij "e* **J• M l T t t sou* '^oa »l tr* " P * ^ J j f " " ^ Hartfttr.fcaaJx*seeing food, raiaseat.•*•*•' f^riT' p,^««l»-AeMfrMl«aK&J*-» •*! *£*treef. Kl »~jiag » daanjttoag toget tf f^J^atrTu- • hard laixw *toch seate e' "x*1 nc*aTu " lat thes^aaseaboSt-sis*.« » » J^StaJTSf•js*O.sassiertt.P2TJ*^ifSl-V-f • r*fuge. whsis UMrunaway eras ~frrtTM£J: jtorlnerYfaadascouldand•»«•* £***f*"""i• • a s »H«f who would e a s*s*INTERESTINGFROMEUROPE. dsapprerrnaaaaof aaoUtcalchaau fioatUsetouiona 94j» a »4;t for account.to Cmtai Italy. The demand far money continued active.ll-ll-W-ll-l- -I-T-fc-M-H-.-.H»^^. ..„._»,_.,blr keu* wftbeWay fee wis PWtew lib Offto,SMatofa.** fkavtes« was aatheheatattBea.c -.* a*-.o,uaintodif awThe aanouacement yesterday morning that Jacfcaio* mtraarar af CapL Leete aad h a brother, arrestedaadlodgedtojailatJerseyCay,pr>duced a temporary loll in the excitement going on in the public salad to relation to the dark and fearful mystery which eaveiopesthe fate of the missing crew of the Spray. but the rumor that the search to the cabin woold be cos__ asheIsnot, wealdItaot beTEEla the House of Lords, on the 12th, notice was received ITALIAN QUESnOHS. from tha Commons that they had agreed to an address fo the Crownontt••subject of th> commercialtreat}"witha * • • » familr and let S cJwraatoasoe uie law* of aaiioe* conFrance, whereupon Lord Taunton gave notice that be wouldmoveforasimilaraddressfromtheHouseofZ^Tf^SZmfmv^Savoy Annexed to Franca byFirst EIMattornearother*wad that rbeasswhich apply to tadividuaJe • tbe preamble of our noble ooastSpecial Treaty with Sardinia. Lords on the l£th.In the Bouse of Commons on the 12th Lord John Rus-WtaHe Perswm »» M t a a r s a t a .Wti •We si* *•*•** * tfl* ''awed ^avw, a order to .IbKtn.esubiab iU.-uce. insure do- , provide for tbe common defence, pro- geaers) wtltsre, and eeeare the blessings cfssiailirut and oar posterity, do ordain and an- il cecatttuuoa lor the United States of America " i domestic tranquillity' ' by pre venting owe ire Stales usurping the power, or imposing on tba of aatntiw State in any manner. To provide forid*fence ' by havtog the power of qusttag betBinrrectinnaandu»expelaforegninvaderfrom itrmi -'fa promote the general welfare," by estabhsb-•g pat office and poetmadn throughout tta» Union,i. c, cj constructing a rsilrsad froa toe MliasMupi to San >ranciaeo. The natfssa of Europe, profiling by our aThf Tote of Ifaira] Italy OrenrhelmiD^ly i s Favor of AnexaUoa to Pifdmont.sell Mated, ta reply to Inquiries, that a great deal of cor-respondence had taken place with Naples relative to theconatitutionaJ reforms recommended by England and kets dosed at the baft prices of tbe day. The supply of toued yesterday under tha direction ef the Lasted Statea pardon.,shesuffered the punishmenttortheeaeaeewithlaica by want hipeiaul to bin and several of the armed at Porttoad at ame o'clock yesterday morning,DownjwfTtBo boys whoa rafting logs i c o n Sebago Pond, ml Johaoon, becosemg dteacafied, cot the toshidgs of the ran tad took ha teg and paddled off alone. Theireaait wa* the askings oi the raft being cot, the raft b»Bgaeparat*dtandBinJostesonaadhatogrolledover •no ever, and after being nearly drowsed. Be begged to have b * log mabed to the raft agaiu. Major Jack Dowm- maTgoadanchwooMbetheooaatqntneeoifanysuae •cot the laahmgs'' or violated the ninallliilliai which beawd it to the Uaioa. (Tide thirty yoaraoatot the •Mato,aa|alA)bringing ninety-seven paawagsrs and a foil cargo.Tbe Bohemian reports having left Queenstoa-n at %A\ P M on the 16th mat. experienced strong westerly wmdiuntilthel\tx, thenligatwestandsouthwestwjnla.T b e n e w s a f o u r d a y s l a t e r , a n d r a t h e r i n t e r e s t i n g .Thetwoleadingfacteare—First—Thai :-*rd;nia has consented, by a specal treaty,ties.hold.&CKKX AT THE JAIL.During the day and up to a late boor test night tbeChiefofPolicewaaliterallyoverwhelmedwithapplica- t i o n s t o s e e t h e p r i s o n e r , w h i l e o u t s i d e t h e j a i l a a e a g e r collectionofbothsexescontentedthemselveswithpeer tog through the grated windows and asking numerous questions of each visiter as he eaaerged from the praon.measure was also defeated, Mrs. BUansky was buag ta public Tbe St. Pan! Tteer, of the 16tL tost., thus -peaks of her —Our r e p o r t e r v a i t e d t h i s u n f o r t u n a t e w o m a n y e s t e r d a y , but the cell and hall near it were so crowded wHb ladies. tt was impossible to obtain aa interview with her. The turnkey informs as that oa Tuesday nearly Gdu todies called on her. and nearly the same number yesterday. Mrs. B. w u yesterday baptized bv a Borneo CataoUeto cede Savoy to FranceLet the Farewell Addreaa of Waahington, and the pro- Recoad—That tbe result of the elections to Central Italy,Messrs. Richardson,. Spence & Co. report flour dull and diificult of sale at 23a. a 29s. for American to bblsThaiatiaiwhicht. «aoedbyGen Jackaan,Dee.10, W3S, at retard to the Nnffifeation Ordinaaee of aonth Uarohaa, (Dot No. 46, Haaat of Bona., 3M Chngreaa, Sath Saawoa), bo pubhahod in oaa rotaaM, with queationa, and taafht • orery achool m the United Statea, tor the vahae, the importance, and adraatagaa of the Inioo are clearly and ekxroenUy get forth in thoae eoiehiatoid State papera, ao plain any one ooakt ondertuad them. Perhapa, if the aboHtkaiau oftorthepurposeofconveying theprisonertoTrenton,but-^—hTtrliMsiiillatitii^agwnamssliri.isliratnnm Bated sad saatataad by her new bora religious belief. Sea seems cheerful and oourageona, ooareraas p.eosaauy, yet isevidently affected by tae dread doom wtucawill«he Mrth had been adneated with ancb a TOhtme In theirhaada. Ihay woaat net be ao wiilmg to attack the rights ofihoewath; for 1 hare aiwaya tbooght k targe majorityof at the Chatham dockyard, with an aggregate tonnage of war f o l l o w o t t t a o n s o f t h e N o r t h d e a i r e d t o p a r t o r m w h a tthought to be their duty aa patriota2 0 , 0 0 0 t o n s a n d 2 0 7 g u n s .Comniun:cation Is complete between Alexandria aadBet the iggijigaitaa of the North agataat the South harereached ahaWt beyond which forbearance eoaaea to boertrtwe-r took at the attack oa Harper>a ferry, and thetact of the leading men of the black republican party aneaniai; and approving of the docoJeee advocated in the of tost year by a million pounds. The stock* were small Baaarr book I tell you calmly and eeriouely the SoothwtB aot Nib iotn ancb ROBdnct, or hare aaeh ruler? orer , for not oaiy the property of her cattaeas, but theirImportedgoodswereindemaad.verysuddenlyjustafterhehadfinishedchargingajury. Lord Elgin had gone to Paris on public business, in connectiun with the mission to China. He was expectedto start for China in about a fortnight or three weeks.A report was current that Lord Taunton, formerly Mr.Labouchere, would probably succeed Ixird Elgin as Poat- master (.enera).The cottoi mill of the Messru. Hasten, at Preston, had been destroyed by tire. Loss ore* £20.000.manufacturedant >«•'..ontbesheetIbe tall >n allow on Tuesday was 9d. a Is per cwt.Lao,.,ofJerseyCity,aprominentlawyerot thatcity,will act as h a counsel.The Northern merchant, shipowner aad aoamect toughat tbe Southerner lor being so dull aad stupid to payingall thoae extra ehargaa. which lessen the vain* of hia ex-perts aad tsCTaseBbe: coat of ha imports all of which eeaJdboabahahsubyhanacadirecttradebetweenthasupportsuchpolicy,andasatokenoftheirfirmresolu-is said to have received inrorBat tha is sot all Wonderful to relateBencher t CO. have bean readingnstoatw book, aad taey are saw trytag la convince many d rnmmncu of the South, tt a their rohftoas daty to.allthealaresmtheSouth Iree,a*yoa cannot do it with Sharpe s rifles, apearslet them destroy their masters lives aad proptrly. Sew, the laborers aad the mercantile eommu attyat the North, who are mterestod Mi the prodaetsof sievelabor,arecalledopontodeeidewhetherthey willa apaort the caaaMlaUua sad the Untoa by voting for the * j*»CMartostoo Conventlou—Alexander HaadOearyermaell.orwhoevertheyamy be. Bat V. on tbe other hand, tbey should elect a black repauttoan Belprrite to ail the l-reaideatial chair, aad tana uectare that they do sat think the atotor States of the ratoB shoald do afl they oaa to osatributo to the welfare aad bipiaaiss of aaeh other, they may Boa to see the daylare excluded from the waters of the i,andthey^willhavelogotoEuropetoob~ aaral atom. Then they wfll Mara to • a a r s s like tbe dog to the fable that they have hat their sobstance and atppart by tiasaiiiiDC YAL.AB3UTALS.< Aaiaaa VasWalaor. MrJ Meaner. J _, MraBarraad Mead. A C HOOD. MraatMmr. Mr and Mta ahepeard, VraDartoad. Mr -.HBart, DiiCarton, BWnn, W r h adbsLBoajiU, b-NJiowheaai.MtaMCioeka,DU. A Ya-num, J Geaaan, J MCtwsberaa. A MBtoswarg.JOsjmiar aad ana.Jas _aha Aaatoliasa, J J raabsrtoad. J Blaaaaaan. 0 « Ajsaasrnaod ioa.DK Kaahetly.(MiarrtolDM ahitaaBansc, ktoM».sloek, JM Waa. JU a>woaAPCan.MM left. KB Webster. (Baajnr.)Mr aad Mas B 8tion, tbey oner to the King three niitltoas of franca.The municipality of Ledi were preparing to take a simi- lar resolution, and other adhestoas were expected.The Para correspondent of the London fane gives a re- port that aula of excommunication against Victor Emanuel were ready to be launched from Rome the mo- ment tbe election m the Central Italian States was decided.The latest voting on the qoe-uon of annexation to Sar- teok place aa tbe 11th aad 12th, to the various latea. Immense numbers of people assembled toallthetowns,aad much enthusiasm aad coandeaceconstruction.She aundoubtedlyontof the fineststeamshitwatoat, scileu to tell the whole truth in the matter, as tothemusic of the autttfanousinatruaeatowithwhichWaaaaM ama PaMhaThe gOTsrnaaent waa takteg ataparaster laroaxAnoB—aa a portion a y s the Chert Mfrrttrv. of the sswirlari cargo of the Bremen bark (A—froa Bremes a few days ago, we nottoe 'JO0barrels si Oei nun teger beer. We noticed, also, a stock of ready-•i»o B A V A B T - l u a i i rtoar of the W eat-cells, at tbeunder the close survdltaace of Mr. one of the deputy wardensTHESPANISH-MOROCCO WAR.(Consols 94• I/WIXM, March 18—P. ML a M% for money, aad 96 for accountThe harbor pohce, however, doubtful of their authorityto or jurisdiction over the matter, refused to continue theinvestigation farther, and turned the^wreckovertotheLaited Statea Marshal, to whose custody it now is. Thatfunctionary, doubtful of his authority to the preauses, refused to continue the search until after he had counselledin the matter with the DistrictJudge. A conclusion will strong efforts w»re made to induco the Govern>r sadA )U A. l t ^ \ l >(•'•>IV N A P L E K , At.'., Acjjumcax SECTKraas.The market for American stookB was firm. LIVERPOOL COTTON KABKBT.nection with the fact of her being a woman, a great nua ber of philanthropic people, th* greater Bomber of whoa were females, interested themselves in ber behalf, aadMr. Gladstone moved a second reading of the bill to re. » eairreatodttesaaadtodecideby arbitration, what, the atoaauhip Bohemau left Liverpool sUnultaneousJy pealthepaperduty.ample, eaasjder %far more expedient occaalooany to call ever ddftreaees of opinion Bay exist between them, tonstogotowarwitheachother•ajar Jack Downingllhatrated the hriportance of theSirW.Millsmoveda&amendment,thatastherepealof the doty on paper will necessitate the addition Oi one penny in the pound to the income tax, it is the opinion of the House that such repeal, under such circumstances, at the present moment, is inexpedient.After a debate the amendment was rejected by a vote of1&2to246;majorityInfavorofthegovernment,53. The b i l l w a s t h e n r e a d a s e c o n d t u n e .bearrivedatearlythismorning,which,ifsatisfactoryto the Marshal, be will iaunediatoly proceed te raise theIrgislature to commute her sentence to imprt*.oam''nt forwiththeatyofWaahtogtea,torNewYork,atBOOBofthe 14th last.; touched at QBoenatown on the loth, andlife buttbeyfailedtotheirendeavors. Dnrrag present seiaton of the Legislature of Minnesota a b'?lthemciudiagTuscany,areoverwhelminglyinfavorofanaax- auon to Bardinta.Corndull yellow33s.a33e,6d. LIVKKPOOL PROVISION MARKKT.owing to the absence of United States Commissioner Vroom. the matter waa deferred at tbe request of tbe prisoner's counsel until the aflair has beea iuaiconatoss Granville died on thewaa tbe only child of the Duke of Dalherg.Brighton. Shednll. Pork dull. Bacon quiet, butsteady.It W BOW officially announced that the PTinse of W ales will visli British America. The time aaaijcned is about tne middle of June next.country.Several opposition members, including Mr. Disraeli, de-nounced the conduct of the government and asserted that thepolicypursuedhadpromotedtheviewsofFrancewith regard toSavoy.l i i r i P a l m e r s t o n d e f e n d e d t h e g o v e r n m e n t , a n d s t a t e d h: conviction that if the great Cowers objected, France wouid not persist in the annexation.Afterfurtherdebatethecorrespondencewasordered to oe .aid on the table.The tteaauhip Arabia, from New York, arrived at will be in canger. The dtuens of the Booth value Liverpool at half-past six P. M. ot ibe 12th.l~tTT>T MARKETS,LIVKKFOOL, March 16,1800.THE COINCIDENCE OF CRIME.Tbe wonderful similarity Between the case of toe Spray grew mtoa strong friendship, which to time ripenei intonv L'njon. and are wiliing to be governed by the <«afltnnt)OB aad the laws or the general govern •rat aa they are written ta the atatata, aadset ao abehtano Beiperttee think tbey ongbt to be. Co—ennm try, to p r e w n t any dif&coity frean taking •iaoa, there a an earneet denire thai the noBtateea of tbe Charltfton Ooaraauon ahooid be elected. Bat how shall thai aa areoaaplwhwdr The rote of every Southern Stats raaaot elect a President without the votes of either aae of Uie great -teles of Now Y ork or rVuasyrvaaja. Jjjam,tbe eeaatttBttoaal party has lately spntog into exiateBoe ewmg asasag other causes to tbe imb«-~iie managsmont of melroamry Dapaiiaunt by Mr. Cobb, aad they argue with marb ahaw of reaono that any a4 naattstraaon ought •at to be tolerated who win not eoUest sufficient reronae te pay the erpenaiw of the government in ttsw of aahoaal pusfaiar, wbon it can borrow money from mar and a aa f to tve per ceatwore I net pe»sonal?y aoquaketsd with man,«r* of tha new party, 1 soooJd tnink they deaarad totao aaminim of the Chartestcn CcBvenasasi.aad m a i d and abet the black repubboan party nnleas they oaataey will receive the votes of more Northern Stato Baoahera, then 1 would think exactly the reverse,a a piebahtkty that this new party will have a majority efvotesinTennessee Kentucky.Maryland,Delaware, and probably North i arobnaMow it w evidon that the object of tbe Cbarieaaoa Oon MbetocoaciBatetheStalatofNow YorkPenaeyhrania, or mere will not be a shadow of ' of >ta t»:ket bessg ejected. Should theyH. Stephoaa, of eeorgin, one of theofocr day, tor the PreefcJency, aad Henrywan nf the lonttiat aail awat talnnntii ofMawYork,whoaoneofthemostprofoundaad anamsrt scholars ta the I'aioa, wbo is known thraafhest tha world tor having fitted out at hia own coat an exploring expedition in tearcn of Sir John Franklin, tor tee Vice-Preaidency —eo powerful would be the com-of those names, that to be nominated would be aa election, tor poambiy the (iiiMilUiiUnaslparry wouid accent them aa their noauness.Akxander H. Stephens and tbe present Governor ofPtnnsylranin. wbo m aot only an able statesman bat is very popular in the South, because he delivered over to Vtrgiam two of the Harper's Kerry refugees, would make another ttronr ticket. The delegations from New York aad Peaaayrvaaia will say to the Convention, we present too four names—Hear}' Grinaell aad John Cochrane, of New York, and Governor Packer, of Pennsvhrania, aad Vcorge H. Dallas of Pennsylvania; if fyou wwfc totomre the success of your tssket, pat either oaa of those foer rentteinenon it with some good national man, like Alexander H. Stephens, of Ga., Senator Benjamin- of L a , aad Hearv A. Was or Mr Hunter, of.Virgin*SaooJd tbe cttisess of the North elect a black|repubhcan Be toes Be President then they will meet with such roast ance from the South mat wu: carry its telling eflectato toebresaaeofeverv Northern man. Notphysical bat swral. resataace— not resiatnnce m an angry or irrtnued leehag, but natatance bv such counter (egalation which. whast it shall eviaoi- to the world that our measures are mult apoa necessity. will at the same ame secure us in the enjoy mem of oar righto aad privilegesTbe marine of theWertbern Stat** enwy almost exclu- sively the carrytag trade of the Soath. Ettorai will be aade to repeal those laws which srrre the coasting trade and ether prn>Ueg«w exclusively to American vessels. There are AOfew snips owned by Southern merchants, tt may be tmtv sa'd these Kws wefe made by Yankee craft, ewtanvely tor Ysakee rrnfi. to the multiplied daaavan- tage ot Southern interest .'' i ongraee will not repeal •hase'Aws, tne S-Hith*^ Mfites could prevent a vessel from a Northern Stale to be moored or fastened to their wharves.1; would not require a very long memorial or argumeni to convince the Eatoevor Napoieoo of the groat importance wtocb would result to France, if tne idle ships belonging to the Ftnach marine wore eaapioyod in opening a direct ootomwntoation between France and Norfolk, Va , Charte* too, S. C Mobile, Am., aod New Orleans, In.hVhuush the tenth section of the first article of the con svy* —"No State shall enter into any treaty, alb* " or aa agieemcut or compact with a foreign C tb< eoaameroe between France aad theea would not require a separate treatv be twoea Fraaoe and the InltoU States, aad the trade would be —iHHirUil aad acoeJerated by the mutua' beneats and ate rests of the partiesTbe cotton aad naval stores of the Mouth are usually atop-M-tl ta Netthem veeeeSs to New York,or soeae North T t pert, tnea reahtpped on board of another Y ankee craft to Liverpool or loadoa then reahipped again toirsnee: aad three fourths of tbe articles consumed m the rn States (roan Praaon are reoarred in the samelove, reeulttog in an engagement. Frtenda of M^a Bond endeavored to break off tbe engagement, and ac elope ment was the consequence. The pantos, waa theiriiis new vessels of war have been ordered to be builtKorrachee by{the submarine cable. Telographic dates from Chinaare to January30. Exchanges were with- out alteration. The total shipments of ton exceed those,Bugar buoyant and 6d. higher. Coffee firm. Tea—anaveragebusiness,withoutquotable change. Rice firm.Tallow—alt qualities sligr/Jy declined V. C.,68B. od. a ed home without their prise. Through the intercessionTbe steamship Prince Albert, from New York March 1, via St. Johns, N. F., arrived at Gelway at seven A. M. of the 13th.Tbe Anglo Saxon arrived at Vieensto w a on the morning of tha loth, and proceeded to lJverpool.The Bohemian passed the Vigo, bound into Queeaa- town.No date, latitude 47.05 N., longitude 36.40 TV spoke steamship Africa, bound east.0a the 23d, latitude 46 19 N., longitude 4308 W , saw a large American ship, painted black, with a yellow streak, a square white burgee, wish the totter A to the centre.On the iSth, latitude 43.21, longitude 00.49, saw a large steamer, with two funnels, ship rigged and afl sail* set, bound east, supposed the AtatrsJaston.Tbe ship Caroline was a total wreck, near Teigamooth.THE SAVOY QUESTION. bytheGovernorofSavoywerepostedand that of the stoop K A Juhnaon has given ran" u> tnefollowing itoery—Were Hicks altos Johnson, the sopposed muruerer of Ca.pt. Burr and the crew of the Johnspeculation and for export. Market firm. Imports 0,089 son, and Jacks tow acuoaintencea' They have both been friends, then went to Mempha, then to Baleigt, w-^rethe munx ipaitty, aad the two contracting parties will af forwards repeat to the Karopean Powers the nature aad motives of the territorial arrangements between them. By this arrangement Sardinia cedes to France Savoy unto Mount Cenis. and Nice unto Yillafranca. Thus aU thpants of the Alps wM be possessed by Fwnce. ITAIA.Tbe MUHary Gazette of Turin statea that the whole army ofSardiniaa orderedtobeupon awarfootingbythe1st of April, aad that Piedmont ta about to secire a number o* hile barrels from the Eng.iah arsenals.M. Tbouventi s reply to Devour s despatches of the Isate Italy within twenty-four hours, and yet he does not be- lieve the Emperor will withdraw tbe troops even if the people of < entra! Italy vote for annexationas they are released from the valve gear, being so ar ranged that it i- setf an lusting to all alterations oi the cut off.thmg extraordinary happens in the crimson calendar we may always anticipate its speedy repetitionINTERESTING PARTICULARS CONCERNING THE CHINA- MAN.AFreeLovsrRodeoaaKaillalilts. I irom the Utics Telegraph March 19. \1 tica. on Saturday night, witnessed an oxnrrecce tba like of which has not been since tbe occav<»n of onr "or- der living people'' mobbmg tbe abobrinniets, nocte few year* ago, when tbe "peculiar instHuttuc' wa« looked iiioc with greater lenity m tbto section of «tie rnuntry thai, u is now A party, numbering (we are .nf> rated)NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 36, 1660.-TRIPLE SHEET. The gov eiaccat had beea lad u :tg nr&.aaxj aca l>y Coaseta closed oa she 13th at M ^ a W>» far m a t y aad*31cnght of the ease, she mM ft Miked bad<aer riband,butevincedahopethat tea aoaoaeu wwuld be at)* ;j t*ove hia taaancace She > xarsaasi her < a rance u the nativity ot her nasbaaa, and said sn« did setknowoneDcongtegtobiai. Whoaaakeu»u*iea- casehernusbatadg»vefortecmoneythatheta<is.d- oealj becssBKaatoasasdaf, she saw ttat fee w.Jher ha aad reorivwi it as a reward for ladtag an aoaauoned vessel.Jocnson was v,oit* cheerful all day, megbag as<' chat ttaasshh all Ms vastata sa V idanger to t* appreaaaded fruat betag locked opsuch a sertoat charge. HM oouaasl, who waa with hiss dvrtag tbe day arrnagtoc a plan of defence. Is quite saa gome or ut-mc able to effect thf release of his client aod Utal, too, at no diatom day.Bath at the Ititadmittedthattheexhitoboao.*theiattoalcotora Bankandtotheopeasarkettherateforthehastbiasat ARRIVALOfTrifceONEMIAaATPORTLANDwouldcauseaaoutbreak,andtbegovemaaau,tberefbre, thediscounthouse*heiugfourpercent Thefsads had thoughtitawisethingtogetridaf all thoseconsidered beea firm and rather higher, bat tote aa Oe 12th thereFOUK DAY8 LATER NEWS,Ukely to excretes any influence msush a morement. GREAT BRITAIN.waa a alight reaction, which was attributed to the activity te the dtacount market. < * the 13th, however, the mar- ket again became sarong, aad console closed firm. No bullion was being taken frean the Bank of England.Iosnxw.. March 15,1800. The- Loadoa Daily JWJCScity article says —A freah lmprovetaant of ', per cent took place to day tothefunds,whichclosedwith firmness, rsitlisesu predominated, encouraged by the unanimity of tbe elee torai voice in Central Italy, aad by the moderate tone of tbe Ministerial speeches U. the House of COBUBOBB Mat evening on the Savoy question. la the share markets there was a general tendency to higher prices; British railway stocks were particularly buoyant, all tbe mar14th atup in all the parishes of that country, notifying that theinhabitants will soon be called upon to vote upon tbequestion of the mamtenaaoe of the union with Sardinia orannexattoa to !•ranee, according to tbe form prescribed France bad reached Para.by Parhament.Tbe Pope declines tbe proposition to confine within an exclusivepoliticalcompassaquestionwhich,asitcon-The London TUetrrBph positively aftirma that an oral andconfidentialrequestbadbeenmadetoFagtondtojoin cernstheintegrityofthepatrimonyofSt.Peter,tainn-beenmadepublic,affords astriking evidenceinfavorof Coryell and W. C 1 veret'., who recommended an entirely tbe theory that crimes, accidents and suicides are epi-withPraamandRussia to protesting againsttheabena mate'yboundupwiththeindependenceofthefburch. ben of Savoy irom Sardinia.crimeoraccidentwearealmostsuretohearofasimilarand 3d of March had reached Turin. Thouvenel points address tu the Emperor, thanking him for ha services inout tbe essential diuerence which exists between thequestion of the annexation of Tuscany to Piedmont andthat of itovoy to France, and says that the principal difiieulty whicn opposes the first is to obtain its recognitionby i.urope. which has guaranteed the possession of Tus-cany to the dynasty of Lorraine. In the latter this dif-ficulty disappears n the pre*eno of the ar-rdiigemei^ln, between France and Sardinia rela-tive to the spontaneous cession of Savoyconsequently the Bmtwror requests the regulation of thequestion of Savoy by simple cession, to be settled by mu-tual consent, and without having recourse to universalThe whole work * i ; executed at the Novelty Iron Slates, it was not possible to get up another Kotzta affair.His canoe was hoisted on board, and tbe man put underappeared most distssteiu:What tbe cause of the trouble between Jackalow or Ya-Mo and h a countrymen was our informant never could ascertain, but the Loo-Chooan was e\ idently fleeing lor histor a separate tiagdeesOf the 16.C00 electors to this town, over 14,000 voted torINDIA AND CHINA.A telegraphic despatch announces that Mr. Wilson, litan Police act, continued ta office. The other Bwoeawho has jurisdiction to the case the P/kooerJ1" »« e £ smined, and the prospect now is that be will be token w Trenton for trad. _ „ . »THE EXAMINATION TO-DAT.Vroom boa been tote-pace Jast evening in tbe vartons wards, for the aarpaaa of eeleebng eatagataa ta the State Convention, which to to meet mSyrecuse oa the 18thaf ApriL ThaatocUon, soTbe London Tim a states that theLeoae it was rertrtogto oncourage the growth of cotton oa the GoldUntitled Documentt i , M6S, tea, PABBU, March 13,1860.For annexationFor a separate issoeeen JEMLOMKJS, March 16, I860.that Tuscany will probably he token r issaanos of by Piedtooateaa troops hams tailily after the annexation, that ta, at the dose ef theMABTH 27.s a p l BHartshorn ta. (he(visited the prisoner yesterday, p.T-Baraaxn,who ehtstoedacastof tt derer'sbeadfarshe psraeaeofexhlWttto. seemedquiteLetled atuteideaof havinghis bited to the patron* of the Muaeaa,three quarters of an hour while theNAPLBB.22,1864, to this datewith the ofA. Mutual iflkraae* C o s * - * * - -waatoaared aaaar aaaearland pchcy Ko m,**i*»odrment against tne usiwFrance, aad in a few day* he hoped to lay it on the table. A general discussion then took place on the Savoy ques- tion, in the course of which Lords Palmerston aad JohnRussell deprecated the continued recurrence of those irri tat Jig debates, and urged the opposition, if tbey objected uothecourseof the government,toboldlymoveavote of censure, when ministers would be fully prepared to defend their course.money to the discouat market continues limited. siness in done below four per neatNo bu-nutto b s mother, the ex-Queen of France. FRANCE.fifty oyster ixats engaged in the trace between New York ano Iietaware bay, ana for the past three or four years five mordent a year have been committed for the purpose ofBTATE OP TRADE.The advices from Manchester are unfavorableThere wasbutlittleinquiryforgoods,andpriceswere weak,p r e v i o u s q u o t a t i o n s b e i n g b a r e l y m a i n t a i n e d . UVRRPOOl BTtBADSTTPFBMARXBT.<«the13th,intheHouseofCommons,LordJohnRussell laid upon tbe table further correspondence relative tothe affairs of Italy, aad explained the attitude of the government both as regards Italy aad Savoy. He asserted Wheat quiet but firm: red 9a. lOd. a 10s. 7d.; white 10s. Aoout twelve o'clock Deputy Marshal Southard arrived priest sad embraced tbe faith of ttat church she dethathostilityallalonghadbeenshowntothecontentplated annexation of Savoy to France, and that aa regardsItalythe policyof the governmentwas dictated bythetoie desire of securing the permanent peace of that Lai d quiet at 59s. a BOs. ed. Tallow dull, and Is. a Is. 6d. ctaliy investigated, in the meantime the Chinsman will meet her on the appototed day Her demeanor a muchfid.aias.Beef waslower: butchers', 09*.f: LIVERPOOL PROBPCE MARKET.Ashes were <.uiel at 30s. for pott, and 33s. for pearls. Sugar steady. Codec dull. Bice dull. Roam duD. spirits terpentine dnll, and sales unimportant.L O N D O N M A R K T 8 .Wheat was firm, and the fine ouatitiee Is hgber.remain in charge of Chief Marians at the Gay prison. Within had an hour after Jaokalow's arrest seversTombs shysters appeared at tbe jail aad represented themselves as his counsel, sad insisted upon an interview, and upon beingrefused threatenedtoforcetheirwayto the prisoner's cell.Yesterday two more of them made their appearance, o n e o f w h o m r e p r e s e n t e d m m * , i ; a s a d e p u t y U n i t e d States Manual from New Y ork, and the other styled him self Captain Leonard, of the New York pohce. Tbey stateu their purpose to be to take the Chinaman to New Yorkfor examination andtrial. Tbedodge, however, didn't work and the industries limbs of the law returnMr. Baron Wataon, a distinguished English Judge, died 60s linseed oil 21s. Copper declined £5 per ton on teverai of tbe prisoner s countrymen, Charles fl Vchanged from that oa the trial. Baa appears pennant. softened and subdued to spirit, aad preparing gradually for the future state toon to await her, though sbe still seems hopeful that sceaathtog awy aterpoas to save her from the dread penalty ,Be tie Affair l a files*phis, T e n a — T « * • K l o p e m e a t s a a d O a e B l a i r t a ^ e .The Memphis papers hare found material tor quite a little romance of elopement aad marriage, tore and rival- ry, aad desertion and then reconciliation, to a reaarkabto casewhichhasjasttranspiredlathatfastlinievillage. The story runs, that a few months sssce MBa HannahfWsasjhter of Col. Eton Bond, a very wealth; paster of Denmark, to tins State, want en a vail to her leiativea inSpringiield,Mas Whilethereshebecame-ac.ustnted with a young gentleman named J. C Simmon* who waa staying in the vicinity. Their intimate aoqaatemer* mtmThe Paris Susl- had received a warning for an alleged outrage agamat religion. The Sueir praised aad endorsed a work in which certain dogmas of the Catholic and Jew- ish creeds were set down aa shanta.firmRice firm Saltpetre firm.plunder.it a the practice of the captains of oyster boats, whengoing out to take specie enough along with them to buy ibeir cargo. Tin? Key do from necessity, for, to the ttrst place, the rr.T of whom they buy have tittle or no »:io\vies:e,. r.f najx r money, ami therefore will not tak<* it; and, Defines, it a necessary to have plenty of small chat r, as tbe oysters arc purchased in quantities from a q-iari to a t-cai toad, and the payments vary from a dimelong report, giving a historical outline of tbe negotiations which preceded the signing of the treaty.(iescriptkiiioftheimprovementsrecentlymadeuponher eiiginte.itwillberememberedthatowingtosomeerrortaher valve guar, her engines did uot at first work satisfacto- rily. Her present owners accordingly consulted those wellknownengineersMessrs.HenryB.Renwtok,MiersThismake*itnecessaryforthemtocarrytheirmoney with them—a fact which every sailor knows; and as the crew of an oyster boat seldom numbers over three, it a nottherefore'sunrisingthatthesetragediesareoffre quent occ urrenoe.CRIMINAL KPIDKMIC&The remarkable coincidence to crane whieb has tustTbereplyoftbeHolySeetothelastproposalsofCotton—Sate* to4ay 12,500 bales, including 4,000 enbalespreviously this week,21.487 bales.I-IVVRFOOL, March 15—P. Mengaged in b<- oyster trade, ana tbe two vessels left New York about tbe same time, and it is possible, if tbey are both tuiity, that there was some eoliaaton between them to murder tbe crews and run awav with the vessels. Tbetbev were made one lieeh, and returned to Men-.pt * and took rooms at the Worshaa House The Enqoirr- givea the cancludtog chapter —During the evening a young man named Bloom, ea gsged ss clerk in Messrs. Newman A Base's drug store, who had formerly beea a suitor for the hsao of the young lady. Ttase'i the happy couple at the hotel, aad there togctber with the waste party- aade an engage- ment to attend the theatre at night, wnicn taey an. At tbe cbae or tbe performance they all retorar-j to the hotel, where they were engaged to ooaversauoo analiearly one o'closk, the other members of tbe company little dreaming of tbe plan being concocted between the young bride and Bloom, wtoch was to result in so much unhapptoese and misery. Mr. Simmons hanncocosatoa for a moment to k-avi the room, Mr. B ootr. avk.lec btev self of the opportunity and requested an inter. .ew with the bride to ac auturning room. Sbe readily < implied with the request, snd they left the parlor tigetber. No- thing was -uspected by the party until a oonaiiera- ble time had elapsed, and they not miming, a search was instituted, t>ctnothing enr.wbe found of either of them. 'Mr. Simmons snoo after returned, sad farther search waa aade, but to ao effectwhenoninquiryattheoffice,tothea<Roe<tnmestof all. they were informed that the couple bad lift th» hotel and hurriedly driven ofl to a hack. It was then ib*' the truth ofthe faithlessness of tbe bride ruai»-.l up:ti tuem, sadthebefureunsuspectedclosecoovers.-tioc«*.!es- ehangc oi billets at tbe theatre was explained Tnev had fledtogetherandlefttheconfidinghusbandtoppendthe remainder of the night to sleepiea agony, aaoui. tog well nigh to distraction.The wboteof the nextday, it appears,was spent msearch- mg tor the I ugitive, aad at 6 P. M. a lit' ie not •> froa Mrs. S.rnmona herself, repenting and pteadmg forgive- ness, a received by the young brteegroon:, and then i ther. and after that the faithless one herself raurts,an attectmg scene and appropriate desauonent fallow -• finally a reconciliation lakes place. Dr. Sin-mo„- a a wortny and promatog yonng practitioner of ^onngdaie. lafayttic county. Miss., ani is said to be » young man ofCotton—sale- yesterday and to day 22,000 bales, includThe ship Commodore Perry from Melbourne, for the <ng s.u-0 on speculation and for export. Tbe ma/Ket coincide*!'- a truly remarkable, sad nas given rise tosafely of winch great (ear had been entertained, had ar- rived off Plymouth.The Puke do Moutpensier had arrived in England. en anumerous surmaea aad conjectures.closes active and steady.Br-i.1st::lis quiet, bat steady. PmV'.SIOBB—riait'B wining.<ther articles null and unchu^edLo'.i-ov March 10, 1860. Sugar tlrm. t ofiee sates going at stift price*. TeaFACTS ABOUT OYSTKEMBK.There are at present upwards of two hundred andThe Bteamstolp Adriatic.Much attention being attracted rost now to tha tineTbe Moniteur publishes the treaty of commerce between1ranee aad England. Tbe publication is preceded by a steamship, we have obtained from Captain Coroetock a to a hundred dollars.new arrangement,which we give for tne mlormauou ofAlthough decidedly rejecting the proposition to create a experts —A high pressure arrangement has been pr> one in a very brief space of time. So, too, with sui-vided, capable of being put instantly into operation in H-- Holiness shows himself disposed to enter into the path case any derangement of the air pumps occur; also an in-cides : if s person adopts a particular method of self destruction he is sure to nave ha example speedily imi rated by some insane misanthrope, wbo. having become tired of life, seeks to ''shuffle off the mortal coil" in the latest and most fashionable manner.the FreLchfgovernment, he has every reason to behove, markaMc tcatures of the question is tb< wonderful simi- being adjusted Ibreughoat the length of the stroke. an ap- larity that usually e.vists. There seems to be somethingvicariate of the Rocnagnain favor of a foreign sovereign.It was stated that England supports the demand of Sar dinia to ascertain the wahea of the people of Savoy aad Nice b y universal suffrage.Ttara, March 14,1S00 Tbe Sardinian government, it is asserted,has coaasnied to the demaad of France to eftecf the cession of Savoy and Nice by a special treaty, to be made between Fraaoeand Sardinia. The treaty will be followed by the vote o requesting the commander in chief to be ready to evalu- which the stesm valves are forced to their seats as soonof reform oa condition that the integrity of the States of the church Is guaranteeddependent feed, which affords great security over tbeusual arrangement; a nev, plan has bet-n adopted for!iltinp the valves, which are placed in a position readilyTbe PariscorrespondentoftheLondonPanwrites—that accessible stall times anewcutoti motion,capable of seldom if ever happen singly and one ot the most re-has B-jnt a telegraph despatch to the French army in Italy, paratus connected with the cut off cams, by means o contagious in crime as wcl' as in disease; and when any fine appearance and respectably connected.From an officer attached to the Ingate Mississippi during Ih» same authority asserts that the foreign relations of A double l.nk motion has been adopted for working tbe Perry t expedition to Japan, we gather tbe following to-France were silently undergoing a preat change, and that Austrian influences were in th- ascendant.TheParisflourmarkethadiieendull,butclosedtinner. Wheat also was dull, but prices not materially lower.In the wine growing districts, prices of wines were daily becomingurmer. Agreatspeculativemovemementwas going on in spirits, and prices rose about five per cent in a w«-ek.lereetmg part ieu Lars concerning Jack alow, and the cir- engines, governed by two eccentrics, which are worked cumstances under which be came to tha countryThe Masonic lodges of Parts, were about to present an tap by ban !, or when booked on and working quicKiytaly T h eW o r k s , u n d e r t h e e y e o f Mr . E v e r e t t . < apt. Com--tock nays —B o u r s e h a d b e e n p r e t t y s t e a d y , b i t o t . t h e 1 3 t h cosed heavily at 671. *6c. for rentesAUSTRIA.It is stated that Austria, while declaring her intentions..::. afce. 11. Thouveoel thinks that to become acquainted to remain neutral in regard to the Savoy question, had as- revi iuticcs per minute at 6 revolutions she makes r,with th,- wish of the country, it would su tbee to consult the sured Prussia that in the event of the Rhine frontier ever knots a' vu revolutions, 11 knots a' 14 revolutions, ll}-,' Hppi he demeaned himself with great propriety, and wonmttuictraitties of Savoy As regards the annexation of Tus- can? , U. Thouvenel repeate that 1ranee could not follow Piedmont in such a perilous course, aad that If Victorkmanuei accepted the annexation of Tuscany he wouldnecessarily remain exposed to the risks of such a policy,beiiiK menaced, She would immediately unite with Prussia for th* protection of tbe integrity of the German' territoryPRUSSIA.The Prussian Chamber of Deputies bud unaaimoan'yknots.In every position dunce the gale she was dry and com-fortable, and al' her test machinery worked perfectly . The Adiiatir W»Mmodelled and ouiii b> Uie late ueorge Steers, who aisu built the Cuited Stales frigate NiagaraINTERVIEW WITH TBE PRISONER.Our informant, seeing in tbe DJEKXLD the sccount of theless of the Spray, together with a oescriptioii oi the Chi naman. went over to Jersey City yesterday to see if he could recognise tbe prisoner as one of the crew of tbe Mississippi.without beiag able to reckon oa the support of France. adopted the bill which guarantees the press against and yacht America. Her engines were b\ tbe Novelty AS BOOUas tbey m t a mutual recognition took place.The municipality ef Milan have unanimously adopted aa addreaa to the King, expressing the devotion of the coua try to ha Ms«sty. aad their eoBBdaace in the national one of policy pursued by the King In reference to Central Italy Tbe municipality further stole their resolution tohaving Its concessions withdrawn by administration pro ceedure.Works Her total cost ts over a million dollars.The AdriaUc a over i>,000 tons burthen (4,145 tons United Stat* 8 register), 350 feet long. 50 feet beam, aud has t'\o Oct: ialing engines, 100 inches in diameter, 12 feet stroke. peddle wheels, 40 teet in lameter. Kvery moleru improvementofvaluehasbeenbroughttobearinherJackaiow teemed much pleased to see his old acquain tance, and was very anxious to know if be thought that he would have to ''go up yardarm.' at tne same time making a sign meant gesture with ha hand. He reiterated to tbe officer tbe same story about the captain falling over board, and declared that the money was bis own, and the fruit of fnnr years' savings whtle in the employ of Capt leetc. lieseemed quitesolicitoustoknowif he wa- going to be hung, and repeatedly asked the officer, "Me go up yard arm—what you think- ' He was counwas evinced. Admirable order waa mamtatned following are the first despatches aa to tbe result —Tbesued half a leagueTheir loss is considerable.^terrw"^^•JVTM toweredLauBoaa, March 13, I860. Tbe result of the voting in SM-nna, t'aa and Leghorn a astoltows—Forrnat*ni*^-toPiedmont,38,028votes;for a separate kingdom, 3»V-Baajbrity far annexation, 37,962.The number of perrons inscribed on the bat a 46,21*. FUIBJKCS March 13, I860Returnsofthirtycommunesgive101,386inlavorof annexation, aau u,80» for a separate kingdom.B o u x m , March 13, 1860. The ote in this city a i l , t»4 for annexation, aad twoTURKEY.A COastantmopie despatch says that two of the points Ofnegotiationnowpendingfortheconclusion of atreatyof alliance between England, France and the Porto were a revision of the capitulation and the rights of armed inter vention in tbe principalities and .STva.TheprojectedjourneyofSirR.Buiwertoloudenwas connected with the object. It was said that tbe Porte had concluded a loan of 26,000,000 of francssimilar to that of Gorman's. The jury found in favor of ble articles exposed, and that during the wholeTitus on all the issues except tho second, as to that, they time be never lost so much ss a button Tbe natives wereTbe French governmentmation that the Military Commission of the Germanic Diet has received orders to turn its attention to preparatory measure"fortheformationofthecontingentofthefede- ral army.SPAIN AND MOROCCO.Nothing of importance bad occurred at the seat of wsr. Into accounts from Tangier state that the Moors wereevincing a fierce spiritofresistance, and preparation^ were being made for a strong defence of that townTSTTAS, March 12,1860. The second campaign has been gloriously commenced. On fcunday last numerous tribes, Including the Kabyta of Melilla,attacked the encampments at Tetuan andwere repul-cd,theMoorishpositionstakenand theMoorspur-Chancellor of the Indian Exchequer, made his unaucaiwere aot daputed. sad were found to favor of the relatorLnited awes i a a a ^ » _ stssadaaas at Jersey ar as beard from, pssasd off f ery qutatly, nabroken byimports- to good demand Silks Arm.leas quiet: aad to taaali supplyhuurmma Gaapaay—Tbe Pfopwty inMABCH a* -Benj. r.Brn** Jll!^Fr&2S%a~Z-•» ««MM8WEST COAST OF AFRICA.The February mails fcaaa various ports aa the westcf Africa had reached England. TheUaited8htt«gu*l)oataB»!iteT MA Fernando Fo oathe 28th of January for the southward.Trade was generally duU at all the porta, but at Sarrathe twobalesmsationed inexhibitNo 11,.insuredunderthe certificate of Novasabarli, 1818,««-newed November 16,1863, aad pattsy So- ' • M -plaintiff a entitled t o nf r° **" Priactpal asm of a p ^ o o ^ w g ^ - - ^ , $i2,as>o n ,Me^uagaaat reveaaT Mew irai orderec. Ceatataabide event. , __ , BtosaartoeBaakraJVow trial ordered, t a n w» mowm i*tM-#-'xpwhich the a charged aa Friday Mat, at 8L Paul. TJMt execution was the first death penalty inflicted upon awhite person in the State or Territory of Mtaaesota.Mrs. BUansky was convicted ef the murder of bar hnsband, Stanislaus BHansky, by poison, but in cea- sequenct'ofherseemingpenitencesincebertria.,lacoa-The sates of t U three days ending with Tuesday, in theLiverpool cotton market, were 19,000 bales, including(,600onspeculationaodforexport. Themarketcloseddnll with a declining tendency, at prices partially l-16d.a «d. per pound tower, principally on the inferior quah wreck, aad institute a thorough search of the cabin aad introduced to abolah public executions, bat -asConsols closed far money at 94 % a 94JK, aad for ac- count 94 ?«' a 94;..Marshal drew a miscellaneous crowd to the Battery, al} eager to catch the earheat intelligence relating to the mysterious aJair.demical, for whenever we hear of any great and startlingThe experience of e v e i y journalist is that these eventsby steam cylinders, the pistons of whi:b are controlled in our informant says that Jackalow's proper name isYama:thatbeisanativeoftheGreatLoo Cboo Island, aboutfiveLundredpersons,proceededtotuere6.<i-no-oftheir motio;. by water cylinders, provided with pistons. and that he arrived in the United States in April. 1S56. Mr. Y. Skinner on Corneia street, near Payette for thewhichar<-movclsimuitaneousiywiththepistonsofthe irom >pa':ld:n<;'.- Hatory ofthe Japan expedition wepurpose c punabing that in<*lvi<lual for enicuxmg and practising free love doctrines It appear: Mr. Sainner, whoisamarriedman,witc fourchildren,becamecon- vinced, a short time ago. tha' he had a "passloua! attrac- tion for a young lady nnaied Kate Beardsley, and aha at the aau.o time was impressed with tbe belief that Skin ner was ber affinity. I'nere being, tb<^n, iuf! a unity of sentiment. the natural consequence was that tbey came together ani. concluded to carry on tne partnership of husband and wife prartioally. but witho-it the sanction of either priest or squire. Mrs. Skinner waa nothing loth, for she bad suddenly conceived a passion for one Doctor Bent>«<y, a clairvoyant pbysican. which be reCpTeewtad ardently Tbey all lived together in one house, havtog ater, as one of the happy family. an itinerant lecturer aad a brother in the faith, named Wheeler. We suppose ha was a sort of silent partner in the two concernsAs we said, the mob proceeded t i Skinner's reatdeaea, and with tin horns, tin pans, and with a targe instrument known technically as s ho: je fiddle, played several aira more audible than muaice!. As Mr. Skinner did not ap> apear to acknowledge tbe compliment of tne serenade, the crowd became angry and began to leeBiui* maailea fly at the house. Tha accomplahed what the music couMn i Skinner opened the door sxd presented hanseK to the visiters He spoke to them aad attempted tejaaB fy his free ioveam, sad said he expected to "die a martyr in tbe cause." His audience di in t coincide exactly with htm. though they were of the opinion aad determined that be should suffer something for It. Tbev accordingly procured a long rail and sigLifted to Mr. Skinner that ttwould please them much if he should bestride i'_As be did not move with alacrity. be was seised by several persons, but Kate, h a affinity, had followed hissto tbe door, and when tae waa being dragged away aha clung to him with all the ten* ay of "nndyag love'was determined that her dsavte should aot be ifrom ber close embrace. Bui strong men ware tea pow- erful for tier, and,as gently as poatfble, her halo was released. and sbe conducted into the hoase.then brought into the street, aad the rail between bis legs aad elevated on to tbe ofseveralverywfUhar,parties. Theprocession meaced to novo, taking lis course down Fayette tsteaiu cylinders tbe whole arrangement being so -imple, aud so comi'tek'ly controlling the valve gear, that two boys. 10 years of age. io far as strength is required, couli' manage the eng.nee with perfect ease, either when worklearn the following fact- concerning hia manner of leaving looChoc,andotherparticulars.—THE ACCOUNT.'During the night a poor devil of a Loo Choose paddiedof) to tbe Susquehanna, soliciting safety from some one on shore, whom he motioned was going to kill him. Not having previously ' declared his intentions in the Uniteda t that was Tbe Par* Jfoiti^nr announces that the government ha^; examined and put in complete order, and so far as the en Lot at all surprising, from the Imeter, who never f Mbnuted a pro>«ted la K to the « orps Lcgulatif, devoting gu;cs and boiieia are concerned, the ship a in tue bes; displayed amiability towards the population, and, in lorty millions of francs tu loans to manufacturers for the possible condition lor any sen ice that may be required ol aLK wer to an inquiry about tuei- history or tneir upper classes, his response was, '' They are all liar*—not a word oi truth in them '' This feeling appeared to be entirely reciprocated by the Loo Chooans, to whom bus presencerenewal and imprivemens of machinery, and another pro iect lor tbe modibVation of the tanti on wools, cottons and raw materialsherOn the "1st of February the Adriatic was taken to sea,tboro ighlyana during three days tft verj faeavv wearner her enginee were fully tested hi every possible way. aad tbe altera lions proved to be highly successful.t h e s e n t r y s c h a r g e . T h e c o n v e r t e d M i s s i o n a r y Napa—IT. BeUelhiem— expressed the belief tne poor creature was a spy. This opinionKvery part of the engines has be<-D mostKtr h-ghes'. rate of 8|>eeu wa-' 16- knots, maiinj,' 17 life when h< sought safety on board the .Susquehanna During the nine months that Jackaiow was on tne M:>SMand her pertonuaacee will reflect eredi. on our American by so doing he would best insure his acquittal.the crowd waa plentifi.ily supplied, and amid the shouts and laughterand jeersof tbe participaitu. Twoorthree iadviduais immediately behind Mr. SkaaarW vaateto were encouraging hiai wttb stentoraavoicetoaadergo tbeordealh«ruically.bysuche^ctoaattoaaas"herides' "be thai; nde 'bold your oats'" "beparted:' \c , -v: Notwitbstanom*tha, by I procession reached ileaesee street, it .flkaaet i sirength. from tbe joittog oaaaarrewaaa particular!vsoftrail,wagivingout.aadbet mejntain his ei*vated positton without aa—'steam marineIn a few days she will be at her wharf, where her magciiicectappointmentscanbeseenTMe Old Police Caaea. StTBEBBCOURT—CIRCriT. BeforeHon.Judgelames.M-nun27—TiaJ'rjpk,attitertljiion ofObrnHi.uB.Titus vs. the Board vf Police Commwsttmers —This causehas been on trial since Wednesday, the 21st Inst., and isOn beard the Mississippi, at the time Jackaiow came over were two Japanese boys named Dan Keirch, or Dan Ketch <as be was called) and Sam-pa chrro, who wascalled Sam Patch. Thesupposition a that it was from that fact that Jackaiow derived ha knowledge of Sam Patch Dan Ketch, after bem? edu- cated in this country, returned to Japan, and is now chief interpreter to the British Legation.the esteem and confidence of the officers aad crew.PARTICULARSCONCERNINGTHEJAPANESE.<rarinformantalsostatesthatduringthetimethatthe coupleo'humanepersonssteadiedhimea< MBMississippilayatNapa,hepassedseveraldaysaadnigbto on shore, and that he did not at any time have occasion to exercise any undue vigilance to protect bis property, but thathe frequently left his watch and othervalua-theCityHallwasreached,when «^rJ» onsnd Skinner allowed to stoat onpohce interfered, and tbe a e b *who wa taken to thewatobboos*for protection. SEtoaar aad Kate joined b»ahnry after aad thearte rZmtd. several hours in a cell logetl Tbeytound a special verdict. Application will hare to be made a peaceable, quiet people, and seldom or never carried laesed early the following morningtoGeneralTermlor mdgmenL deadlyweapons,preferringthe musicof thebanjoor in the case af Doctor J. K. Hardenbrook against fiddle tothecrackof a revolverwieBthecrowdwenttoSkinnerstheyexpectedtatat two themanWneelerandIT.Bentioy bittheseworthtos, fortunately for tbeaselres hapt^ned to bo eat at thathe Board of Police Commissioners, the only questionHe also asserts ha firm conviction that Jackaiow a inraised was as to the legality of his original appoint- nocent of tbe crane of which be Is suspected, sod state* Useement. It was to due form signed by the full Board ofConimaeionersoftheoldpohce. Counselforthethat if rt will avail, tbe affidavits of al! tbe officers o f t h e Slisaaaippi,duringtheJapanexpedition.wBlbefartsv coming, to show his genera! peaceable and unobtrusiveCityPolitics.IStHJIBW TUB STBArm B a t ttlJTAX CUB»BJHOB —respondent (Mr. D. 1). Field)preliminary steps were not regulartbe relator, contended that without reference to the fact whether those prekminariea were regular or aot, the fact that he waa doing duty to April, '67, under an appoint- ment by the old Board, be was, by force of the Metropo-aaneialtoB sad 61 lor a separate kingdom. The aumba: statement on the 18th of February. Tne delicit ta about by consent. Aa to the first issue, a special verdict was graphed at ^ r ^ t ^ ^ c ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ the occurrence of say sanguinary rows or ordered by tbe Jadgea.ef electors m the provinces a 67,212, of wham 4S.07 voted for anaexatioa and 113 tor a separate kingdom.Tbe army of Rome baa been increased to 20,000 men. BoLixiVi, March Li—A M.The tallowing a the official return of the voting to the Tfnmngaanine million pounds. He proposes a trade bvense of from two to twenty shillings yearly; a tax upon incomes of from SUM to £000 at two per cent, and above that at four percent, with BO exemptions: and a large duty upon tobacco: the tariff is to be modified there is to be ao Loan.The caaea of Daff aad Martin against the same respon- dents are now paadiwg before the CourtSwpreaae Court—Special Tei BeforeChiefJusticeBosworth.HEAVY- JUDGMENTS AGAINST AN LNSfcTtANCE COM- PANT.aUgaflicksisconfinedtooneofthemirdererscounters, to which the,philanthropic 1like the adherents ef oWthemselves Tbe object of the Syracuse Convention * totwo deagana aad two attemaus fraueech Cos datriat, bseises four delegates a targe toTelegraphic advices from Chma are to tba 30th of 2,8w» January, aad report the exchanges without alteration,claimed that the Es Judge Dean, for<U nAt?80on sa the New Jersey anthoritie*m tmm»j! *V Tbe primary eit etioc - of the ispuhlkasi of thai cay tookperformed.mained with htm during the entireneared much depressed in spirits, aad wasamative on the subject ef the stoop tragedy as formerly. She stated to oar reporter that tne paragraph to one of the Borahig newspapers, to the efiect that she saw a published aceeuat of the murders before the arrest of barj L m E .OBsetava-BdwardP . Cowiai.-^ud«a»eBt re- trtal ordered. Casts to aside eventto abide eventMrs. Johaaon also ratted theThe Governor of Mlinsaota havtog refused to commute the sentence of death psassd upon Mrs. Anna Bilacasy, and the l-rgisteture havtog railed to pass the b.U for her"Convention,wnicfc atoi aa the Into day of next May.able mH6 e *r 5 ^•- Abraham \»a Veeataa,"****"**> ^•aJkw srmar twrarwi a ¥T V t T T T13069mr X/^fS Ktf Vreet Fulton New Yorkda, aad sJai*rwtaeat*affor the sum of Wti-388 laettoa.Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Stwww.fultonhistory.com 