 Yprivilege,declaringthathianamewasnotrecordedaswherenearthematterincontroversy,Gov.Medary says:'There is a misapprehension o f terms, in saying that the Con- stitution of the Uhitrd States carries Slavery into Tor.horiea, or anykindofproperly. TheConstitutiononlyprotectsproperty when carried there, and all contracts, obligation*, and agree- ments between man and man. It is not a respector of persons• enthusiasm and equal energy. This seems to ua to Ire the dictate alike of patriotism and of sound party policy. But the woild is vide, and there is nolawtopreventthoseofoppositeviewsfromact-.i•'was ever till now foolish enough to make such avowals.—Wewishwecouldmakeroomforthewholoof thisuniqueandfacetiousVetoMessage,butits inordinate length forbids. I t embodies a synopsisall possible calmness and candor; a n d w e decline the embittered discussion of the subject to which someofourcotemporariesinviteus.Wehave grtatfaithinthewisdomoftheCouvention. We propose to do nothing, and say nothing which shallt.tPES RV'S JAPANESEBOOT A»^0D SHOK POLISH.tion,andprovingthat theFederalists and New-thatitisabletoelectamanlikeMr. ChaseorMr.England men were always wrong, unpatriotic, Seward, so much the better, andBurelyno one can vertising for proposals, and that the award___"____4. No.150PuRon-at.,Brooklyn.BARTHOLF'SForsomeyearspastMr.CorneliusVanderbilt1 hasbeenseekingfromtheLegislaturepermissiontobuild a pier south of Pier No. 1, North River. This •session h e has been engaged in the same endeavor, and, if report be true, has secured tho privilege. Very recently Battery place has been widened, and laid with Belgian pavement, quite down to tho waterfront from which Mr.Vanderbiltwantsto "build thia pier. Wasit to accommodate'theWas human impudence ever carried further than would be incredible; that such a party should have this improvement? It is eo rumored, and appear- on Ways and Means, regulating mileage, by fixing4NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, .WEDNESDAY, JPEBRJDARY ^-k »r> aow prepared to rire their aitenUoa to l«Iec Ofto d o . W e have .jprobably been twice already, against our better ju^gwent, pnrsuaded by others into; stating the fact t i > t ** Horace Greeley" never wrote nor imagined the .x^°^» and that it never appeared as editorial in '!"*«£ TRIBUNE, attft WWpreeiume not otherwise, save ^ o a quoted, as flow;yto brand it as an impudent forg 0?7-$1101.1*00A . j , B L K B C K B R , S o w & Co.,KM. 7«O4 9 «n*-«fc.« a w Broedwmv, OiwNotle*-I" . or at? ' their SpACiorn SAMWUOOXS, NO. $ ?lne-tit.Order* otalw left with?B*-8. DT « , * gent. No. 9S7 Bro*iw*y. comer of 5th-«r.. » . ; y»d2ad-»t, (1,843)States, where not one-fifth of the voters belong to the Republican party, simply because not half the legal voters have any clear and true idea of what Republicanism really is. If we win thia battle, it must be b y the help of voters indifferent o r hostileSac. 2. Thia act shall take effect and ho iu fjrce from and after ita paaaage.—ThatiB a short act, a n d not hard t o under- stand. Let us look first at the dignified grounds on which President Buchanan's Governor bases his Veto of it:gree of public confidence.AW A3P>«MLOCnr.! The Abcndzeitung explains that it* anger against !THE. TRIBUNE, though political, is still more senti- mental. W e n o t only sin in tuggeisting that in-4**CT I_ * .*b» rMidtaee«.0fpewona M i i ^ m M l # «TOCORRESPONDENTS.HOCT**OI> Ftnerrrrx*, . •• either ntW e cannot undertake to return rejected Communication* mmu onECREKATACH*»—Pt ice S50. Fartien cot having fall amount acccrmtno- oUaai: Office No. 489 Broad-way, comer of Broomo-.it.Loc*: A?eat« wanted in *Y*TJ city and town, t o whom liberal eoqb&btku will be allowed. Addre** D. J . LEVY, Bupt.f WATCHED AND JEWELRY<C-:< o r \W tottncKivnox*.Alto, B::.vx* and PLATKD W A M . for aa!e by G*o. C. Arxav.No, 41i Broadway, one doorbelow Canal-*?.,formerly of No.11 Will **.. Watch** and Jewelry cleaned and repaired in the beatmanner >y the nneat London and Genera workmen.•40ft! BARNEY'S OPERA PERFUME. Dedicated toBGkiAnmixA PATT(.A n*w and, elejantPSTIPTMB,Exhalioj the moat deHghtfcu and exqadaite odora.A« tttOy faacinating M the beauUfcl photographic likenew whioh adomi eacb bc*,tie.» More tinw three tho-tand bottlce were Joldio a-few day». ^^^e thiafavott^e aniat w w in Boawo.S»idjarnv^eaalabyJ.W*NoRCnoaaACo.,No.91FuHon-at. Re^iiad by Caawtnl, Mack k Co., Frank & Cc.. Hegeman k Co., J. Jc C. CoddiP^on, Bnabtoa. J- Miihaa a; Son, Broadway, andREMOVAL.;' DiT!4 COLLAXO&X A CoImporter*xCHTSA,Gx^w,itc,5 have remored to theirNewStore,succeedbyWORK,ornotatall,andthetimeto begin that work is NOW!The Country owes a debt, which it will not. hesitate to acknowledge, to JOHN SHERMAN of Ohio, for his straightforward and successful blow yesterday a t one of the most scandalous abuses now practiced under our Government. W e allude to theplisbcH what its title imp »rt*, I return it. with reasons,This bill uppeuiH to be more political thau practical; more for the purpoee or obtaining men's opinionH, than for any benefit or injuiy it caubeto any one. I o m the more fully convinced of this, from the articles which have appeared in the organs of the Republican party in this Territoiy, which, it in proper to pre- sume, speak oy authority of those they represent. T w o o f t h eof the Republican principals of hostility to Slavery aentation and partisan hate, that t *^«T could easily | extension, stern economy in the administration of believe us capable of harboring the st^ment abora!SpglernadJid glow. Norruubbinag. »o!l* notbinj:.'• No.44?Broome-«t,on«doorweitofBroadway.aremedyforthearrayandbald,which inntoncepracticableand obeap, i t require* no dyeing, no wig, nor pxtxaordinary trouble. Thar* can.be no doubt whatever of ua efficacy. W o have seen t*«ranen*alj almost without numhor, and from men of great m- teUiat^ce^bi^bttandiosr. and snoral worth.<SoldMre^ywoere. JAVAaasa POLISHCO.shall be made to the lowest responsible we. Or,ifontheotherhand,itshall be deenied bidder. Tho law in this case haa"4CT*TT•t^*^IAliJJW*••«.*•.*......................v....L M. 3;:»OKR i. Co., No.-tW Broadway, N. Y.greater difficulties than that which, three years ago, tain of its wisdom and necessity than a t this very was intrusted to the Commissioners of the Central moment.Park; seldom has a careful policy seemed to beCaXXBRATXD Sm-WlTtU MACIfi.XSf.Th»«*> tapmior Machine* are adapted t o Family 8ewfng a n d to P IOVIJo-, and Manofacturter aaei, and ara onequalod in ex-coiUaco *ud slxupliciiy.s BARTHOI-y MAXV»ACTTRI^O CO., -' tio. W Broadway, cor. Moward-gt. FTSKLE & LYON'S SEWING MACHINES re>prosecuted more entirely to the public satisfaction. ment of. our city prisons. The insalubrity of these vl28 to 44, and would have finally passed but for the There is no need to attribute unworthy motives tot**>rd to-* aifhest Medal a t the Fair o f the American Iuatitate,kf^OK premium at the Fair of the Franklin Inst.. New-Jenay JkataFair,ece.,ateAjent*wanted. Office,No.303Broadway.WHEELER & WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES. -«' W e prefer them for family «*e."—[Tribune."They are tha favorites for famllie*."—I Times.Office, No. 505 Broadway, New-York.HOWE'SORIGINAL SEWING MACHINESFor Family and Manafacturlng purpose*. AgeoU Wanted lor the country.Office, No. 43*7 Broadway.CROUP.—Do not let your Children die. Keepfromneglect,aidedbytheravenourrats. TheTen Governors yesterday resolved toput the prisons iu order, abate the foul smells from the sewers, in- crease the prison accommodations, and provide bathsfortheprisoners. Atthesamesession,for the sixth or seventh time, an attempt was made to discharge a useless Deputy. Superintendent, who, a t a salary of $ 5 a day, oversees the labors of half acomeupagain,andwill pass,juggleand shuffleto party disposed to objecttoacallfortwomillions the contrary notwithstanding. and a half of dollars, forany conceivable purpose,TheHouseconsumed nearlythewholedayupon "Commodore" that the Common Council made the amended bill, as reporfcd from the CommitteeCczxT»t"*«with»uece<M.inefffctinjj permanentcure*ofIler-f»male in private rooms- A!*o, TitrirfKK of every description for permanent retention of Rupture, Bathing Traase*, Supporter*-, chouider-Braces, Suspensory Bandages, Silk Elastic Stocking*, Kne*-Ctt.iM, AukleN. and all Surgical appliance* aclentincaily applied, oy MAIMH Jc Co., No. 2 Ve*ey-at., N. Y.HEARING'S PATENT CHAMPIONFXKXandBr»OIAR-PR007SATSa,With Hall**Patent Powder-Proof Look*,A5 }cd the greatest *ecurity o f any Safe In the world.8. C. HxKitixo it Co., No.251Broadway,oppositeCityHail,N.Y.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.Uaxrcx.isKTXRTHocsn.FOR SALK EVBR-VWUKRR.Bfaoofictared b y H . C. SyALDiao it. Co., No. 43 Cedar-st.Pc^^-Qmoe addrea*. Box No 3 8C0.and ultra partisan of all the Departments of our many a poor legislator—unspeakably poor—thatN o t i c e * .SEWING-MACHINES—-HEMMERS A T -the Government, and relentless antagonism to ail eet iforth; but w e kdulge the flatterin'g assurance$ W 0 90 TS ., SOSeldom has a public work been commenced under can truly say that we never felt ourselves more cer-Jury, in order that the guilty party may be brought to justice.THE LATEST NEWS.RECEIVEDBYMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH*.From Washington.Special Dispatch to The N. Y . Tribune.W ASHINGTON,.Tuesday, F e b , 2 8 , 1860;THK MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.a bottle of Dr. TOBIAS'S VKSKTIAK LIXIKHXT alwaya in thehosi+e.Ttlaacertainremedy,ifusedImmediately.Thousand*of Children are saved tvtry "year b; the nae of tt. Sold by all measure was defeated by the political friends of the Diumitt*. Piice25ard50cent*. Mice,No.56Courtlaudt-st.tendthat.suchagrantfromtheLegislature theCommitteeoftheWholeontheStateofthe-DR. MARSH continues to apply his RADICALman.. AndsoitisallthroughtheAims-HouseDe- partment. Professedly managed bynon-salaried,it hasexecuted itstrust. ThoCommissionhas undertaken work, t o complete which-will, accord- ing to ita present calculation, cost more than double that sum. The Commisac n has laid before theHILL'S HAIR DYE, 50 CENTS.—Black or Brown,loatao'aneonalneffect, andnaturalincolor. DepotNo. 1Barclay- writing byall the members of the National Com-corruption, and plunder, and all the hackneyed lawless hands upon and appropriate the property phrases of partisan malice brought into use, itis without to much us " by your leave ?" The latterThe eilbrt seemed to be, with many honorable exceptions, which side could exhibit the cuoet zeal•i,and»o!dbyalll>ro;.jU*»intheUnitedState*. Also,IJJFAL- x:3i.z 0%'OCXST,"orthe Orow.h azid Beauty of the Hair.BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSla the beat and cheapen article, for Dressing, Beautifying.Cleansing,Curlinsc, Preservinj; and Restoring t h e Hair.Isadfea.tryU. Forsaleby Druggist*andPerfumer*.BATCHELOR'SHAIRDYE,W'IGS,and TOUPEES,sre asrivaisd. They are UxLt, oa*y, durable, and tit to a charm. Ho shrinking, nor torniag up behind. BATCHKLOX'* HAIR DY«, thebeatintSeworld:theonlyharmieaaandreliableDyeknowna p p l y a t t h e F a c t o r y ; r e m o v e d t o N o . 16 B o n d - U .POSTAGJE STAMP© (3and 10cent*), for gale atShi* Office.evident that a part of the opposition to the Com-mission now active akAlbany is influenced by verydifferent motives, a n d that personal o r party dis-appointmentsorpersonal andpartypurposesarequiteasmuch served byit,asanyhonestrespectfor law or regard for public economy. No depart- return of fugitive slaves in the border towns and ment of the City Government, and even perhapsfor the bill, and y e t contribute mostits defeat. T h e truest friends were those who do> • not expect t o return to Congress.THE VOTJE ON PRINTER,BtforetheHouseadjourned,Mr.RuffiuofNorth Carolina entered a motion t o correct the jouraaU, . upon t : c ground that his-.vote was not recorded on- thelastcallforprinter yesterday,when hoclaim*- to have voted. This change would diselect Mr.M > n t, II^a^iywgJ^Br*^^ (nkAKV-V"**- ^BBS— , . - ; • . •••-rr-*" ' •,-»- t~~-*w *f»jm^ir:ir^rrr^^*r ^^:'^^ ^rri^^^^T^" ;^.y.'^ri 'j^ :.<%w^r-v:PlftR.-.*WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 29, I860.,No notice can be taken of Anonymou* <^ »"*'\ ?V1 iJl « £ever i* intended for inaertion muat be «t ^*u ^t *t 0 T *n 6 1 Mname and addrea* of the writer-not nooe*«arUy for publica-tion, but a* a guaranty for hU px>d faith. _ Buaineai letter, for THKTRIBCXB ohould inall owe* bead-dreaeed to HORACK GKXXU" tc Co.Mr.F.C.Bnremrs,attheTolegraphOffice,SixaSorG,N.Y., re«»lTea THK DAII-T TWBW* by the early train each morning, and will be happy to aerve it to every order.The Tribune Campaign Tracts.No. 1. SEWARD and O'CONOR.NO. 2 . DX310CKAT1C LXADKR3 FOR DISUNION—Wil-To tl*. Honorable, the. House ofReprencntative:aon'fl Speech.AdveitifiernentH forthia week'sWEEKLY TRIBUNE transparent swindleknown asCongressionalMile-See advertisemeDt.mustbehandedinearlyTO-DAT.COIYGREM8.SENA TE, Feb; 28.—Mr. Maaon (Dem., Va.) moved a resolution calling npon the President to furnish a copy of any report establishing the boundaries between the United States and Great Britain. Mr. Foot (Rep:, V t ) submitted a report and bill explanatory of the carrying intoeffecttheIXtharticleoftheTreatyof1819with Spain. The bill authorizing the sale of arms to Statesand regulating the,appointment of Superintendents of PublicAvmories,wastakenupanddebated. TheSen- atethenwentintoexecutivesession. Adjourned.age. Thecompensation of Members of Congress wasoriginallyfixedatsixdollarspierday'sservice "of'SquatterSovereignty.'"HOUSE, Feb. 28.—Mr. Sherman (Rep., Ohio) report-DEFIANCE SALAMANDER SAFE.—EOBERT M* edfromtheCommitieeoaWaysandMoansabillpro- Butthenewroutesare.farmorecircuitousthantheN*. 4TJ BROADWAT. between Grand and Broome-«t».PA^RJCK, Se!i Maunfacturer o* tb»>above celebrated.SAVRS, and Patent. Powder-Proof Defianee Loeka and Croaa-Bara. AUo Fire andtRnrslar-pTOof Sideboaro a=d Parlor SAFBS*. for bilrer Plate, 4&£ Depot, No. 63 Murray «tret: corner of College Place.vidingthatthePresident'smessageandExecutivedocu-ments shall be printed in time for distribution at thecommencofficnt of each session of Congress. M r. S.also reported a bill providing thafmembors of Congressshall be allowed twenty cents per mileinstead of forty, to get its Members of Congress to Washington and the present mileage, to be computed by a straight geo-of thepoliticalhistoryofourcountry—as seen renderitdifficultforustogivetoitsnomineesourhomeagainthanitwouldif thoytraveledonhorse- WORTIIKNOWING.—Prof.WOODhasdiscovered subject. Mr.S.explainedtheinequalityofthepre-back,asHenryClay,JohnC.CalhounandJohnrejoiceatsuchastateofthingsmore heartily thanTno*e w h o have o w n bald for ytwci are now wearin; theirownhair,andappeartonyear*youngerth»ntheydidsix inomjpa»>7. A« in moat caw* gray hair* and bald head* are both prema-tureandunnatural,iti*adutytoremedythembythenaturalaod'uadoabtedmean^wbichrrof.WOODha*invented,andnowkindly offer* t o t h e afflicted. Read hi* advert iiement, try h iawood«rfui remedy, and give the Profeaaor a new teatimoniaL voting on the election of Printer yesterday. Mr. Sher- —[MemphUWbj'. jsands, neys,madeexpresslytodistendtheirpocketswith public plunder.Mr. Sherman; as the Chairman and organ of hisS^rd by all reapectable dTOggittt. Depot tio. 444 Broadway. J.K.BURDSALL'S .•man insisted upon his motion being put first, and M r.Ruffin sa'd he would move to correct the record here-after. The House then adjourned without taking the fr» prepared by combining Arnica with a'aaoat healing and pene- question on Mr. Sherman's motion.Committee,h a sstruckthis rascality astunnerARNICA LIMIHRXTv..t r a n s Te<s'tabl« oiL For al! thef ACMas Am> PAIX*thatihmnafi fleth f> heir to, it i» without equal. RUKI.-H.IT:s*. Buuiaka, SI-K.U.XI,right in the face. H e proposes to pay hereafter or property, but operates with equal, force upon all, aud in the irg accordingly. absence ofthe exercise of sovereignty in such Territory, it is>SENA TE, FEB. 28.—The Governor's Message in rela- pUcVrtOfja. Bewara of counterfeit*, and buy none but BcRD- tion to railroad tolls was received and referred. . Thebefore, and would still be mine if stolen, and I would have a light to se'l bim, if I could get a purchaser. yThe Constitution of the United Stntes extends over all the persons and property o f tho country and far out into the sea i t knows no distinctions, and cannot know any. Sorghum, quite a uew thing in Kansas, and unknown tothe couu'ry v henthePainfaxthe Kde or Bre«*t, Sore Throat, Jcc., yield to a few ap- feAKarUf original article. Bold b y all druggiaU. Price tSp.HALL'S PICTURES.with anybody else.asked us, and with an air of infinite superiority, what the R ^publicans have gained by supporting the anti-Lecompton Democrats for Congress in 1858'. W e answer, they have gained the election of a Republican Speaker of the House of Representa-Tfcc SA^X will take place THIS EVRSISO. at 7£ o'clock, at the Natioual Acadeiny of Design.about by Robin Hood's | barn, making the journeythesaleofpoisons. Mr.Fierogavenoticeofabillto asleDgaspossibleandchargingfordistancesnever Constitutionwasadopted,isjustasmuchpropertyaiTndianHXNKT H.Lio: Co.,Auctioneer*. TOMES, SON &, MELVAXN,regulate the rates of freight on milk on the New-York and Erie Railroad; Mr.Manierre,ofabillto amend the State Prison lawB, and M r. Sessions introduced a billforthereliefofinsolventdebtors. Thebillrela- tivetorightsofhusband andwife waspassed, also those relative to Albany County Treasurer, and to theNew-York Athenaeum. • The Agricultural College, bill was debated at some length, amended, and ordered to atraveled, even thus. The Members from Louisiana,Corn. It is most remarkable that it never suggested itself to any one to pass a local law declaring Sorghum property, and s e - curing it to the possession of tho holder, so as to make it theft to. steal it.—Clearasmud jou see;only it don't explain how the Lord came to make such egregious foJs as Mahsfield, Brougham, a n d other jurists, who have adjudged that the ownership of one man by another is not EO natural and indefeasible as his ownershipNo. 6 MAISIK LA.VS, Naw-i'ork,* importer* and Wholesale Dealers In Gcw*,Pi*roi.-i,«stt.x*r, PiAT»» WARS, JKWRXXT, FAXCT GOOD*, BRT35BRW, PxRrrKDRI. AND SOAPS.f Westley Richards"* celebrated Gun*. . ,1 T \ Kley's Cap*, Wadding, and Cartridge*. **^* *ES He&for'* Army and Model Razors.1.Adams'* ?at«&t Revolving Pii'.oj.CrftOVER * BAKER'S NOISELESS'FAMIX-V SxWi.tuMlCSii.NXi.f•-#' ••instance, nowreceivefrom $1,500t o$2,000tives. longweeksJohnShermanwasabletocommand the votes of as many as 110 members of that House'. They have gained the cooperation in that memorable\each peranDum forMileage; instead of which,THK B**T JX L'ax. No.4&5Broadway,New-York. No. H3 Fultoa-st., Brooklyn.Members from Oregon now receive some $5,000 and Toryism have blinded these jurists to truthswhich are clear to the luminous intellect of a Medary? ,SlSGER'5 SE^rING-i-MACraNES. KorS^-wing-Machine r.tv.>. ; Sowing-MachineTh-j Family Sewinj-Machlne, A . TW family Sewing-Machine.T M E P A B K . A N D T H E P O L I T I C I A N S . tal in securing the adoption of that policy; and wo the facts of the above transaction to the .Grandgraphicalline,-andrepealingaliexitingactaupontheeentsystem. Somedebate washad,when thebill, which had been reported as a substitute for one refer- red to the Committee, w as adopted. M r. Sherman then moved the previous question upon the final pas- sageofthebill,butfurtherproceedingswereinterrupt- edbyMr.Boffin(Deru.,N.C.)risingtoaquestionofMcLeandidforty-fiveyearsago,attherateoffortytorial hasa greatdeal more powerthanaState Legislature, but not enough to enable it to decree that one m an shall not legally and rightfully sell anotherman'sinnocentwifeandchildrenbyauctiondeclares that thearracgementismerelyatempor- aly verbal one, and in consonance with a resolution passed by the Common Council authorizing him t o dotireworkbytheday.Thewholesubjectwaa referredtoaCommitteetoexamineaudreport. Meantime,Mr.Smith,inspite ofthedefectionof his laborers, and cartmen, who have been induced to strike against him, in several of the lower Wards, isprosecuting thestreet-cleaning woTkwithcom- mendable vigor, replacing the strikers with new men. Whether he will be able to get his pay is a—There is one point, however, which we are question, since the Board of Aldermen have direct-L E G I S L A T U R E .twenty instead of forty cents per mile, and to com- authoritative in tho protection of ull. A Constitution protective, not creative. A Territorial Legislature might refuse to pass putethis mileageonan airlinefrom thehomeof lawstopunishhorse-thieves, yetmyhorseisasmuch mlnouaready to discuss with our German cotemporary, ored the Clcik of the Common Council to countersign no warrants in his favor. A t ail events we-trust that the streets will no longer be neglected, but that the accumulated filth of the Winter months will be.removed a ? speedily a s possible-At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen on Monday night, in reply to an attack upon him b yThe Daily News, Alderman Brady said:" Ho would state in explanation to tho pnhlic, that he had been- offered $lry 0 to vote for Air. Tucker for President of th«Cro- tun Board, and that the paities came to hia hou«e afterward aid-bill forthepreservationofgame waspassed. Bills were reported to amend the Excise law, and to regulateat length resolved to do something for the improve-dered to a third reading, by the decisive vote ofbuildings is well known, and the slovenly and reck- less manner in which they are managed has recentlypertinacity and ultimate SUCCCBS with which thethose who stand now at Albany as opponents ofthe application of the Commission. That in a city wrtib(A4iti^hestpreiuiumforhne SewinrMachine work; alae been forcibly illustratedinthedeathsofprisoners dodgers struggled to throw it over. Butitwill ofthirtythousandtax-payers there should benolocalgovernment. Theoffices arefilledwiththe friends of the Governors, who have to be maintained atthepublicexpense,whethertherebeoccasion for their services ornot. Itis high time that the conduct of this close corporation was overhauled.TheExecutiveCommitteeofthiRepublican National Committee met yesterday at Albany, and, after due consideration of the views submitted intheCountrycan'taffordtohaveinCongressatany Legislature thereasonswhichhavecontrolledits debt;and,shouldtheLegislaturepassthebill,Mr. faced. Finally,aftervarioustediousprocesses,the•this most righteous Mileage Reform among them. —Gentlemen of the Senate ! the Press, without distinction of party, has nobly backed you in your efforts to abolish the Franking Privilege. It will Chicago shall assemble on Wednesday, May lbth, backthe.Housejustasthoroughlyinitsdemonstra-did. Still, there is in this grave ground for criti- Vanderbilt, or any other wealthy man, resort to tion was not seconded, and'the House adjournedcism. the devious ways of State legislation to put him in amid filibustering demonstrations on the Demo-Whenweseethisgroundneglectedandresortpossessionofanythingwhichhemaycovetofthecraticside,sendingthebilltothetombofthehad to .'nrinuations of political purpose*, favoritism, Corporation ? W hy not, like the bold Law, lay Speaker's table, from which there is no resurroction.mittee, decided that our Natumdl Convention ateffectually fco-instead of Wednesday, June ]&/*,thedayfirst agreedupon. Thenewlyappointed dayisjusta fortnightlaterthanitshouldhavebeen;butno matter—here is a clear gain of four weeks as com-tionagainst zigzag andexorbitant Mileage. Do not,webegyou,barthewaytothesuccessofthis mostneedediefoim!Mr. C.J.Brown,anenterprisingandpatriotic Democrat,hasopenedatDetroitanofficeforthe.1860^ .«.'•!-'• -^'.jy^-A•>•••£:<;fr-»J"v^•••• •'•'•;i>R.Jvv-.^.'il'i.i'k V•' ;•..fell•7..'-1.;-'%&.S,lf.£ * ,?.,K.'i...f.,*W-!. t...v:•.':«.&'•»>'if. ••<*%$•,,#,f-/.There are this day wholeCountiep, even in the Free Party shall have been duly convicted, i« and shall be forever having it in control, secured an uoprecede?^5^^8* abolished in this Territory.GKKTLKMKN: 1 lmvo received the bill entitled " An Act toto our cause to-day. Men and brethren ! w e are to " Prohibit Slaveiy in Kaunas," aud. Lot satisfied thnt it acoom- nominating for the Pres'de&cy some representative There are many persons so bh.^e&by misfeprd-'with six dollars for every twenty miles necessarily traveled in going t o o r returning from t h e seat .of Government. The Mileage was then no more thana fair equivalent to the six dollars per day. processoftime,steamboatsandrailroads"have changed all this. A Member could formerly average forty miles travel per day, at a coBt, including board andlodging,of$5;henowtravelsthreehundred milesperdayatacostof(attheoutside)$15.Always willing to accommodate political opponents, as well as friendB, with my views on politics or any other subject, I accept .the invitation with pleasure, and ofief this as an apology for theextent 1 may go in satisfying so generous a demand.it. The man was a fool all the same; butwe sol- emnly declare o u r conviction that h e w a s n othe new street-cleaning arrangement, and m^tlast evening expressly t o demolish Delavan and Com- pany. From the communication"settin last night to the Aldermen by the City Inspector, we learn that he and the Mayor and Controller, moved by thepubliccomplaintsofdirtystreets,hodagreed,in the absence of a contract, that a temporary a r - rangement should be made with Smith to clean the city bymachines,until such time as a contract couldbemade,theControlleragreeingtofurnish the means of paying for tho work, if it w as done satisfactorily,inadvanceofthepassageoftheTax Levy. TheCharter undoubtedly prescribes that all work costing ever $250 shall be done by con- tract,suchcontracttobemadeonlyafter dulyad-oldones; sothat, while theMembers make thou- sands by the change, the Government loses. It actually costs the country $ 100,000 more per annumthroughtheMedaryspectacles—tracingthedescent of the Republicans from the Tories of the Revolu-most earnest and effective support.If in that Con-miles per day.legally entitled is swelled, thousands upon thou-1848, when it triumphed on the election of the hero of Buena Vista—a triumph which, but for the interposition of Providence, would have saved the countryalltheselaterconvulsions—why,inthatb y dishonestchargesand roundabout.jour-And the amount to which they areeach Member to Washington, instead of zigzaggingforeachfrom'theTreaeury perannum (ordid when we were last enabled to get a look at the Mileage- roll) for travel fees to and from Washington; in-stead of which, under Mr. Sherman's bill, they willthird reading. Recess to 7 p. m. At the evening receive about $400 each for that same. The three of a horse or donkey. Can it be that Aristocracyctiuggle, of which the good fruits are not yet all efffred him ffiXOOO;they then went to his brother iuid oii'»r»»dsession, bills were-considered in Committee. ASSEMBLY, FEB. 28.—Mr. Hoskins vindicated him-selffromchargesmadeinTheArgus. InCommittee, theProRatabillwastakenupanddiscussed.TheHouse, in the evening, resumed the consideration of each, which is enough.the Pro-Rata .bill, and finally ordered it to a third reading. -The mails for Europe by the steamship Arabia willclosethismorningat10o'clock.Impelledbythefearofofficialdissolution,fromAlbany, jthe Board of Aims-House Governors have a substitute. N o use—Mr.. Sherman's bill was or- successful; never in this country has a work beenapparent, of such gallant and patriotic spirits as John B . Ha8kin, John Hickman, and' John Schwartz. If ever the policy of a party was ju»- tifiedbyitsresults,it isinthisveryinstance. It isperhapstruethatTHETRIBUNEwasinstrumen-to bet him !62,f tfj to $25 that he cou'd not get Alderman Brady to vote for Mr. Tucker's nomination."The attempt to bribe or corrupt any judge, legis- lator, Alderman, or other public functionary is a StatePrisonoffense. District-Attorney Waterbuiy ehould give t h e Alderman a n opportunity t o state-Mr,Sherman'sbillwillgivethemabout $1,000But, invetoed ere now on grounds as frivolous and irrele- space to the polemics of the Republican Presiden-vantaethe?e;butwedoubtthatanyGovernor-tialnomination. WehavestatedourviewswithOf course, thia bill was resisted by all the tricks,and dodges, and quirks, and sorry jests, which cun-ninglawyersknowsowellhowtoemploy. Most ofIhesequirkswerebaseduponabillnotbeforeL^^Eece88arytogainpublicfavor. Neverhasan theHouse—oneforwhichMr.Sherman'swas honest,open,straightforward policy,beenmorein brazenly maintaining that poor men can't afford no representation at the seat of Government, would havebeendiscreditabletoeurformofGovernment;ances favor the report. But, if this valuable privi- twenty cents for every traveled mile by a straight legeistobegivenaway,weprotest,inthenameof geographicallinefromtheresidencetotheCapitaLto give four or five months per annum to the workoflegislationforapitiful$3,000perannum,unlessthey are allowed to double the dose in the guise of should be undertaken by it, the cost of which shouldhe tax-payers of the city, against the outrage. Thisprivilegeisworth$100,000,cash,atleast,forThe present rate is forty cents b y the usually trav- •dozenmen,onthenewIslandHospital;buttheMileage?Whereisthepoormanwhocan'tafford exceedamillionandahalfofdollars,haveinthis togotoCongressatthisrate? Trothimout,and afairbasisforCriticism uponthemannerinwhichwould be clearly illegal. The ground sought to be occupiedispartoftheBatterywhichwasceded bytheStatetothe cityasapublicwalkandpleas- ure ground forever. As Corporation real estate, it is also pledged for the redemption of the publicr Lnion,tolayitonthetable,andtododgeineveryconceivable way. Whenever the*yeas andnays were not called, o r a n indirect vote could b e given, there w a3 a majority against this reform, which suddenly changed front when the record had to belet ushave a look athimall.round! Puthim xua or Rupture, at No. 2 Ves>-y-*t. Ladies waited upon by a non-partisan officers, it is really the most expensive through his pace?, and let us time him! There isprice; but of men who can't go to Congress because the pay is only $3,000 a year, with liberty to shorten the cessions to an average of four months, we a r e profoundly ignorant. Show them u p ! I t willrejoiceoursoulstofindalltheadversaiiesofaction in so doing. We suppose that the owners of Haws—as a faithful guardian of the City Treasury bill w as ordered to be engrossed, with the attend- morethannine-tenthsof hetaxablepropertyof —willhardlyletthepropertypassfromtheCorpo- antParliamentarynotions,byalargovote.ButRipfiAM>* AT -FLI>HI>O, L . I.—About9 o'clock need not start from home till about April 16th or " fectly free"' to do as they pleased on the subject, the Common Council appointed Committees to in- portunity to defame and disparage the negro race— nice combinattor, embracing all the principal lobby-on Monday night, a disgraceful row took place in a 18th, in order to reach Chicago in season. Solet was already a stale joke; but Gov. Medary's late vestigate charges such as are now industriously coolly say8:ists who have been engaged in creating a fictitious-drinking and eating saloon, between a party of village Veto has given it a new and vivid elucidation. xoagha andanother partyall thewayfrom Hudson, us hush ail grumbling, rollupoursleevesandgoWe presume there are not many Americans whoK.Y. TheHudsoncrowdwasheadedbytwoyoung towork. TheNationalConventionmeetseleven canreadwhoareunawarethatthepeopleofKan- obligationtosubmittoanexaminationbythe*e ces&fulrmiofbafiness. Wehavettlway* madethewelfareofmen named Miiler and Beat. The row originated in a therace tin object of our ipeeiat tolirituHe, and nnw advUe (.veryone of them to go directly to Mr, Brown >ind get thoir return tickets."refusal on the part of Miiler and Best to pay for the re-freshment* which they had ordered and consumed have an active, working County Club organized in so in every election held in their Territory since action with regard to the Park, from the—Now we cannot presume to give advic» in the duringthespaceofseveraldays,atvariousplacesin evtiy County,andinatleastnine-tenthBofthe 1854,whentheywerenotoverbornebyBorder- largestcontracttotheengagementofagate- premises,becausewemakenopretensionstospecial the vDlage. It appearsiaat theHudson party adopted Townships before that day. Let us see that Ruffian invasion; they said so emphatically ia their keeper, open to their examination before they interesc in or likipg for the African Race. W e as their beadquaitera a sloop, belonging to Hudson, overwhelming vote to reject the Lecompton Consti- could make a demand, and in no case has the most love Liberty, Equality, Justice, Humanity—wewhich was lying up at Flushirg for the Winter. every citizen who will take a Republican ISOoutrageousdidtheirconductbecomethatanumberOfthevillagers,includingsomeoftherowdyelements, determined to rid tbemeelvea of the uneasy strangers from the North Riv*r, whereupon a free fight took j>lace, in which the Hu-f^n party got terribly beaten, one of tlem having beeu partly cooked on a red hot Btove in the course of the fracas, ultimately retreating t o t""» sloop, which, with a view to elude the police, t|i*y-wangoutintotheriver,andbiddefiancetothe fixixi><> ie?, who held a waxrant for their arrest. B >ats •wert ..brained, and the police boxrded the sloop, whenfavoritism. Every department oftheworkhas been constantly open in a remarkable degree'.tofcbev u and that Miller and Beit, the ringleaders, had ton or el«ewhere, on any abstraction concerningescaped. Tiepartiallyroastedindividually,however, was found op board, and conveyed to thelock-up, and f*absoquer.tly discharged as an innocent in th-> matter. Tb» police are now in quest of Beet a n d Miller, w h o fire .mpposed to-be in New-York,Slaveiy in the Territories or anything else. tory—"as much alaveholding as Alabama or moreperfect system,betterorder,ormoreserious fromSlavery,and,aft«ranexperience\»fFreedom, They have been too long at the public crib,and "Georgia," snys President Buchanan." A veryfew and constant attention to duty on the part ofall wants to return to his original condition,\*e cheer-supplied with facts and arguments printed in their State Government under that Constitution. Gov. suspicion and inclination to criticise the ability and'- the day will come when-tho whole negro race in this. Medary ought certainly to be aware of all this; for industry of all public servants, constant satisfaction country, being fully at liberty, will gradually, peace-THE CONTESTED SEATS>forms o f political coiruption, t h e Chicago Conven- that! even these hold us incapable o f w r i tiag feebla papers before me ca 1upon yon to pass this bill, to see what I tion would do well to select a man who can carry and flatulent English. Whenever wc ehi.^11 see fitmay say, and compel me to act in the promises. The Republican, of this place. Is very mnphutic, and The Champion of Atchison City, edited by tho Secretary of the Wyandot Constitutional Convention, " t/are«" you repeatedly to fail in sending this bill to me, to get my action upon it for political purposes.The Repvblican says: " W e want to tost Gov. Medary."The Champion says: " I f Medary will take the responsibility " of vetoing it, pass it over his head, and then let them bring the " subject before the courts, and hnvo Judge Taney make another "advaziceinhistheoriesrespectingthe Constitution. Weshall " see, then, whattheso Domocrnts, w h o howl about 'nngood- " ' Free-State-mcu-aii-you-are' will do when called upon to apt. " And we shall see whether there is anything in their profession*the doubtful States of New-Jersey, Pennsylvania, to say " The Union is not worth supporting, *! they Indiana, and Illinois, b u t our great offense consists must realize that w e shall rest there, and* n o t—Of course—since Governors are but men,and Dutchman.often very small men—bills have doubtless been—We do not see the necessity of devoting muchand those who find in the act under which the Com- mission wasappointed,anintention thatnoworkcled route,andasavingwouldbeabout$200,00f>• the location is the best on the river. B u t w e con- annually. Attempts were made to send the bill t othe City are glad that they jadopted the course theyration without a struggle. But why shouldMr.when it came to a- final passage, the previous ques-noprivateworkofatallcorrespondingmagnitude,41 Popular Sovereignty" in the Territories, as has ever been kept so thoroughly free from pro- And The Detroit Free Press—one of the basest andMJE1>ARY>SVETO.ofthem)totheir masters in "theSunnySouth."paredsides, the Oregon Delegates will have news of the embodied in Douglas's Nebraska bill and Bucha- fessional leeches as the Central Park. Of course,change of time as early as March 25th, and they nan's electioneering pledge to leave them "per- no work has been moro abused. Throe times has Slave Power—one which never yet missed an op-with t h e timepreviouslyannounced.B s -in calling a bcoby in Indiana a Dutchman. Thisoffenseisonethatwearetold "may cost the Re- *'withtheSouth.n We can stand a chargeJ*T" publican candidate, whoever h e m a y b e , some" thousands of votes." Accordingly, in view of tautology. that danger, we beg leave t o withdraw the epithet,andtoapologizeforhavingeverthoughtofusing» TheCommonCouncilareinaterribleflurryaboutvention the Republican party fehall become assuiedBhoit-sighted, anti-progressive, while the Democratswerejust theopposite—ergo,theLegislature'ofKansashavenorighttoabolishSlavery! ATerri- beettofollowtheexampleofthe.Whigpartyin notbeencompliedwith*. ButIheCityInspectortothehighest•bidder! Comingatlengthsome- event,wemeantolaborfortheCausewithequalThat journal has repeatedlyThey have gained the fact that for manycourse commends itself over the 'former by its straightforward mode of proceeding.over in Canada (where there a r e many thousandsmost unscrupulous Northern conveniences o f t h ecausedamong outriders, who, on Sunday night, fixed up &suggested against the management of the Park; " There are numbers of the poor creatures who are starving to opinion and transferring votes to order. Whilo.M*. andalthough the Ceaamission hasbeen underlie deathinconsequenceoftheir inability to support themselves,andreporterscannotrecallthefact,andhemay not, therefore, proceed bej ond his present > point The motion h e entered furnishes a n opportunity which may, o r may not, b e embraced..SUPERINTENDENT OF THE^CENSUS.The impression prevails that the Presidaafr wiflthemostefficient documents freely circulatedin mer atWyandot; andyetagaininratifyingtheweeks from this day: let us unanimously resolve to Committees, they have invariably found every trans- sas are hostile to Human Slavery. They have Raiddiligent study revealed a trace of corruption, ornewspaperisprovidedwithagoodone;letU3have theConstitutionalConventionwhichmetlastSum- justgroundforanallegationofpoliticalorpersonal ownlimbsandmuscles;,forinsodoirgwemaintain as Superintendent of theCensus,instead*ofMr.tution ; they taid it again in calling, then in electingnominate Mr. Mason, late Commissioner of Patents, and secure ourown righto; butwedonotlike Kennedy,who.ltasbeenaWhig,Democrat,K*$*b-lican, American, a n d anv thing else whacfc would that those voters who do not read our language are the Free-State Ticket to compose and organize a public observation, and wth the universal habit of race had ever been brought to America. W e hope pay expenses,every neighborhood; and let us take special care Constitution there made; and still again in electingnegroes, atitt beart'ly wiua no individual of thatThe Committee of Ejection« have aajpuaroed till Monday,,after which a judicial rule wiilbe adopted, calculate that your adversariesare bound candidateforGovernoratthelateElection,and expressed;andthispopularapprovalhasbeen-themselvessomewnsiatowardtheEquator,ca-joia.refusing,delaytoeitherpartywithoutsufficientmother tongue. Republicans ! it is sheer folly to with the work upon the Park has been generally he has fought i t step b y step, and was the opposingfully, freely, draw off a n d form a community b y .toquarrela n d fallasundera tCharles-badly beaten.Yet Kansas is still constructively a Slave Terri- the Park almost daily, and never have we seen a Indies. But if tiene beany negro whd has escapedM*. Cooper askc4 a postpone-slaves, we understand, are still held there, in Pro- found too good fodder there, t o quit till they a r e Slavery nooks a n d corners, and* a slave w a s n o tbeaten off. All the quarreling among themselves loDg since advertised for sale on an execution forengaged, on any work, public or private. fully give him notice that Mr. C . J . Brown, No. £Desnojer's block, JttTeraon avonue, Detroit, vrill NothiDg could be more regretted in this City than be glad to accommodate h;m.•$«E TAlfcHPf-^TSSl LOAN.The Comjaittee oi Ways and Means wi» take upan interruption or a change in the control of theBOBBXP.YOFJEWELRYATTHKPtaticSTORE.—A isthefactnow.LeteachliveRepublicanbearLegislaturetriedlastyeartoabolishSlavery,batexpenditurefortheParit.Thefirstwouldbea AfriendwhoBeesthefollowingparagraphcon-theTariffsoon,astheprincipalappropcriationsarewill relate mainly to the best places a t the crib--as debt in Leavenworth County. T h e Territorial ?u b ! i c " " ^ K o 1 2 B r o a d 8treefc' constantly in mind that we are to win the battle of the Governor baffled them; and this year's Legisla-folly like that of building a fine house and lsaviug stantly circulating in thoPxe-Slaverry journals wants ready t o be reported, It.may be assuawd that they^ay or two &**tbewaVbrofcen into andabout $200. A wairast was subsequently issued for 1860, if at all, by seasonable, persistent, systematic, majority, a bill which reads thus:it unroofed; the second would be throwinguneeus tointy, doubt, and irregularity upon a work which has,bythoexerciseofaremarkableoourage,'pru- dence, and good judgment on th& part of thoseThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069will net authorise the reissue of the $&0,000,000 of Treasury notes granted by the laafc Congrew, but inquirethemtobefunded,sothatthecountrymayrobbed o f jewelry amounting t oture returned to the charge, passing, by a Urgeus to speak of it: «" W e have no doubt that tro Frew wad Slav,* States ought to separate TheUnlou!«xatworth,suppotlui;inconnection with the South."—HOKACV GnxKinv.tae«ne*ofamannamedMichaelMurphy,whois resoluteWORK,andthatthisworkcannotbebegun joapeete* of having committ«tt the robbery, bat as yettoo soon nor prosecuted with, ,00 much energy-ANACTtoAbolishSlavery.•,SKCrroN 1. Be it maoted, &>c., That Slavery or Involuntary servitude, except tol the punUuiaeut of game, whereof tug—Our friend mxwt fancy that we have very little, i see the amouut of the actual debt created by the,indorsed, t o our knowledge,, by many professionalcautso appearing.ment of Mr. Howard's contesting claim, on t i e plea that the priafced evidence presented to tbe Committee ditlend scmewhat from that publwbed iu the newspapers, whici h a d n o t been subn^ked at all.observers/ W e have been irr the habit of visitingtheir brethren Tn lineage in Africa ^ r the. WestUntitled Documentand we have no doubt ttiat the new enterprise will have a auc- Ruffin asserts his belief of baring voted, the Clerk*maintain the right of every man to hiuT-elf and hisweaken the sentence by adding " iu coaaecitfontreason; but we indignantly repel an implication ofFord. T h e suggestionintensefluttering! www.fultonhistory.comearn —— I —IIMIII1 'IU— — — 