 the street*, sod what authority extota therefor, wa tiave made the issue, and it is now distinctlyK*a/«W ramp adapted, aldrrman Brady, in speaking tea ques- ..reacted by the republican party, whose n w T — - —•• • » - tion of privilege, said he had been offered $1,000 t >conventional Sabbath is as gall and worm, wood to them. Far better would it be for hisquestions that will agitato New England, and perhapsalltheNorthernfreelaborcommuni- ties, for yean to cone.It is not a local outbreak provoked by someV » iKd. 5 8wnrrra OABPWT. B N H « ; , OPPMIH Bond streA OOTKXJOS i Wit*-Jl*»Y L'«»WAIXAOX-8THBATRK. BnnSinv.-ROSUWi or A r»ea i M N l U f . ,the sweets under the contract with Mr. Smith. up tire blow, or if it should be defeated, that The Aldermsnic Committee on Lands and Places they may come to the rescue. Last of all were to have held a meeting yesterday afternoon, follow the .terrible chasseurs, "the men to consider the petition of the Chamber of Com of wrath and without a conscience,"BRTaKYS' MIKPTRSX8. Mechanics' H*n, 471 Broad- for the observatory, and the many advantages war-JoBJJ»«"BS,^"«'!»**«»'ac-scMirumJACKwhichheurgeditwouldbetothecityitself.and these are not to be decided by the aid of flict is beginning. Labor has begun to rebel the taR. This Convention declares thatCAM.KIBUVS SAL0OW, BroxJway.-Ono. CHSlSTr'S M « - mats » 8OM«, IIAHCIS, BI'BLHVDB. Ac.—Tan MCHMTfmrra 8TBBXT, Me door east of Broadway.-Soioaoa's Tnana. _ .TRIPLE SHEET.N a w Ynrk, TwenanT, Fabmnry »8, 1860.MAILS FOR EUROPE.T . t W«w Yarn Herald—RMitlonPatrick Loughlin was convicted in the Generalthe cities, and even in the villages of the North,tutions differ widely from ours.To show, however, the lengths to which thesein Lynn, it has rapidly extended to the shoein Pennsylvania i s General Ganeroa;of BMBndnuji Eamo*orTWJHKEAIB> the ne»i f*oerr«l by mail and taiefrapb at prices sustained, with a fair amount of sales. In Senatorial Caucus like the trifling of childrenBut although the liaisons to whichthese obstacles give rise are to be deprecated work cannot have left them accumulated gains making the most strenuous efforts to clear in themselves, they are of a very different upon which to exist for a time. At the present the leaders of their party of any responsibility character indeed to the disgusting profligacy moment, too, a set of fanatics and political de- for or sympathy with the affair at Harper's which is practised in England, where the per magogues, who have sown hatred between the, oma* duing U»» previoaa wtak and up to tka boar otThe Xe\r«.We hare received nothing of importance fromthe wreck of the stealer Hungarian. She lies amilefromthe^or^ls^MJHMvefeetwater>an(l u Tibbie at low t ^ f v ^ M k e r column we pub-wheat thefirmnessof holders checked sales, which playiDg upon the brow of a volcano, whichembraced a small lot of Milwaukee club at already sends forth smoke and murmurs itsun-$1 23. Good white was wanted for milling heeded warning of the fiery flood which is so Corn was unchanged, and the sake tolerably free at 80ca 82c. for Jersey and Southern yellow. Fork was firm, soon to issue from its mouth, carrying terror andingoodrequest,withsalesofLOWmessatSIS45aanddestructiononeveryside? Howmuch $18 60, and new prime at $14 87K, and 600 do. were sold, more dignified and becoming are the proceed- delivera e in March and April at $16 12>£. Coffee was ings of the meeting at Charleston, attended bycentum of illegitimate births is alleged to be so low. Sofarasconstancyandtheobservance of a certain respect for public opinion are con- cerned, the habits of persons thus situated in France bear at least the outward stamp of de- cency. Then, again, it should be stated in ex- planation of the apparent disparity which exists between the per centage of illigitimate births in London and Paris, that abortion is a crime ofreligious and political organizations of the Ferry. The correspondents of all the abo-lish 1 list of the names of thirty-one persons who, firm, with sales of Bio at 12>ic. a 13c., with 400 ban Jait is beliered, took passage on board the unfortu- mica at 12c. Sales of sugars were chiefly confined to some of the first men in the State, such as Si-nate ship. low grades of New Orleans, with a portion of Cuba^nusco- mons, Hayne, Pringle, Gilliland, Ravenel, In Congress yesterday the Senate adopted a reso- vados at prices given in another ootomn. Freights were Lowndes, Butler, and others too numerous to lution directly inquiring into the expediency of firm and engagements were fair, especially for Liverpool mention. These men understand and realizecountry,arestrivingtoinfusetheirpoisoninto its commercial elements, and to divide the trade of the land as they have divided its churches and its political parties. The hostility to the North which their war upon the social organi- zation of the Southern States is creating in the bosoms of all classes there, adds a new element to the difficulties, and may yet deprive the ca- pitalists of New England of a portion of their ability to accede to the just demands of the laborers.lition prints endeavor to color the re- portsofthetestimonygivenbeforethecom- mittee so as to. give the impression to the pub- lic that the black republican leaden knew nothing of Brown, or his plans or purposes, This will not answer. The weight of the tes- timony is on the other side. It has been shown quite clearly that the John Brown ra|d was the logical effect of black republican speeches, documents, 4 c , dec, and that the money which was raised at New York and Boston to carry civil war into Kansas was used by Brown for his work in Virginia. In Kansas Brown washaving letters which may remain in any post office undelivered for thirty days returned to their writ- ers. Mr. Wilson gave notice of a bill to reduce the rates now paid for the public printing twenty-fiveand London.The Real Issue of Site Coming Campaign.All parties in all sections of the Union arethe nature of the issue which n^nst be fairlymet. They say "The battle must be fought in comparatively rare occurrence in France, for:I"'NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 28, lSoO-TRIPLE SflBBT.>tblindedbysctemesofpersonalasBbi- Revival •# the Snbtentnrlan NEWYORKHERALD.soukhtforwithreferencetotheindicfneuti,woul' steam**Again Analba BkasMla.If iid to drfestthe ends of justice. »on or corruptodOby the hopes of pabUo We see that the Sabbatarians are again ia IntheB««ard<»fAldermenIaneveninggreatop plunder,theywouldInstinctivelyseeandfcolmovement,and,Inanticipationoftheinnocent i i l E I O O B O O I SJB5 » • BE I " T , position was given to the t3(M).ooo contract f<» heir danger and the danger of the country. enjoyments which warmer weather will bring EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR. cleiniDft the fttreeta, and a resolution of Alderma rty thirty years of agitation the anti slavery about, are opening all their email artillery Tu'.mey, calbag open the City Inspector to repir. arties, whose first organs were the Boston IA- against Sunday recreations. The idea that a arm».w.OOBVBBorHassanANBFTJXTOSOTB.whatarrangementshavebeenmadeforcleaaln> AeratorandtheNewYorkJournalqfOmmtrte,poormanshouldranandairhimselfontheStrike In Mna«e*fcet**tfe:~ |•*« «* »**.%n PhfTa<?e>*t|. gkLi,Q,„"rirVDAllTHEKALDh*ormUp*rcopy$7P»«"•"*_voteforMr-ToekersDominationforPresideoto'.vowedaadsettledpolicyitistooverthrowsoulshealththatheshouldcontinuetoinhaletemporaryandtransientcause.Ithasitsori-'-wamnmrntot»wpartofknotBrit-'i*theCrotenBoard.TheMayor'snominationso« •beinstitutionsoftheSouthernStatesbyforcethereekingatmosphereofthecloselypacked gindeepinthefoundationsofthesocialsys-Continent both to ivimdt po+y; tJ* Messr* Amos Btookey, Patrick O'Neil and F. A .r fraud, by fair means or foul, by any means U* and BW> o/ «** BUNOA»< «tt matt_ /lllir taUtALD tm Wtd+mday.at /«»• «"*» P"1 Thomaa, as Health Wardens, were confirmed.The Board of Councilmen met last evening, andat their command.The republican party are the advanced guardof which John Brown and his followers ware •he forlorn hope, the storming Zouaves and Turcca of the crusade. Behind the republic aa party are a large anti-slavery army in reserre; and many of its troops are called democrats,AMVSXMXAT* THIS lYKMAO.tions, wielding an influence which no nan has named, and bis followers claim the nominating been able to withstand for the last quarter of a as a matter of right The Chevalier Webb.century, and governing alike the legislation and Seward's chief officer, avows that If he is notthe labor of the commonwealth. Years ago it nominated his friends will bolt. Greeley, on made a mighty but vain effort, under the falla- the ether side, has bolted already from Seward, dons cry of "protection to home industry,"' to and from somewhere in the Far West has nosai- obtain control of the policy of the Union; aad nated Bates, of Missouri. So the JWbune and though it failed in that.it has never relinquished the Cburier have been having it hot and heavyto course in Massachusetts and many other of . as to the comparitive merits of Baton aad the Northern States. In many of them legisla- Seward. No one else was to bo thought of bat tionhassuccumbedtoitspower,andthela- BatesorSeward. Whilethecontroversywas borer has been degraded to a mere tolling ma- waxing warn a very Important Convention chine, called to work by the stated bell in the was held in Pennsylvania. It was a meeting of morning, and dismissed by the Curfew at night the People's Union party, which was organized to squalor and unrest , some three yean since, and ot which SimonThe evil is growing apace, and now the con- Cameron is the head and poor ForneytraBMOted a large amount of business, the most & which pertained to routine matters. A reflation presented by Mr. Hogaa, ia faver of appointing a special committee to frame specifications for clean ing the street*, was adopted. The report of the special committee on the Emigrant aad 8traagersbarroom or grog shop, which they pretend to hold in such abhorrence.power there, and under the form of corporate republicans are terribly exercised ^bi tasfr associations it has seized upon nearly every minds as to who they shall lay pipe for at Chi-power in the State. Massachusetts alone has cago. Mr.Seward is supposed to havenersOABOSM. . . r - 0 o o u i BOTH AarsH- Bureau WMpresented and laid over. The Board whose organ in this city is the Journal of Com- eye on their proceedings. There is not aconcurred with the Aldermen in directing the City merce. They are waiting to see if the republi-statement they put forth that is not full of alsebood and perversions. Statistics, as is well known, are the readiest arguments that can be pressed into the service of a bad cause. They lie with a plausibility that imposes on the merce for a grant of 100 square feet of the newly as Theodore Parker describes them. credulous, and they pass current for sheChamberlain not to pay any moneys for cleaning can party is successful, that they may followLAURA U n i l THEATRE. «U Bro»dnf.-»««» made land at the Battery, whereon they would The business of these is' to finish the simple reason that bnt few care to erect a first class time and weather observatory spend time in verifying them. When a •JEWBOWBRT.-WiCOMssjn-PaouCorranFAiams. similarinitscharactertotheoneatLiverpool, battlewithoutmercy,whenthemainbodyhave parson is found making a free useBROADWAT BOUDOIR. 441 Broadwar.-Tsa H ' 0 0 " Alderman Farley was the only member of the com- made the decisive charge, and produced dis- of figures on a question like this it is a fair in-ILun>. .THRATRK raAWCAIS, Btt Bwadway.^La * « " * » ' » JlVBB UBMKS PAI7TM _u m o r i AMERICAN MUSEUM. n«>aJway.-Aftsr-nronlaf—Ocrosooa. ____.mittee present at the appointedtime,however, and consequently no formal business was transacted The Chairman of the Committee of Conference from the Chamber of Commerce, Matthew Murray, attended and eloquently represented the necessityorder and confusion in the ranks of the foe. ference that he feels himself unequal to deal We have had no war worth speaking of for with it on broad common sense principles.Sessions yesterday of perpetrating a gross outrage the fighting element 1B also, for the most part, Upon a little girl, named Mary Murtha, and was 'he immoral, idle, dissolute element, whichtrade of the neighboring towns, and before that be alone can carry that State,long will bring into its tide the working thou- and that, therefore, his nomination wUl besands of all the manufacturing communities, made a shit qua non. This movement kills offand involve the industry of New England in Bates, who has not a single State of which heruin, and its inhabitants in an exodus from is sure, or anything like i t His support ii starvation. Unlike the slave labor of the confined to a few obscure newpapers in the South—which has a lien on both land and capi- West The contest is narrowed down now to tal for its existence—the free labor of the North Cameron and Seward; and, as far as popularper cent. Mr. Brown's resolutions respecting theprotection of slave property in territories weretaken op, and Mr. Toombs addressed the Senate,mainly in reply to the remarks of Mr. Doobttle ona former occasion. The Senate then went into exBcutive session, and ratified the treaty of commercewith Paraguay. The Mexican treaty was read. lathe House the bill making appropriations for invalid and other pensions, and the Military Academyappropriation bill, were passed. A resolution wasadopted calling for information as to the condition April. The democrats of Charleston have resentative of the whole country. He must beof the trust land west of Missouri set apart for wisely determined in favor of sending dele- elected either by the democratic or the repub-the New York Indians, whether they have been gates to the National Convention, and they lican party. There is no middle party. The tempt to establish a relation between bastardyA resolution was also adopted providing for the printing of the President's annual Message and the accompanying documents. Messrs. Adrain of New Jersey, and John Cochrane of New York, en- deavored to make explanations with respect to the reception and treatment of the Seventh regiment, on the occasion of the recent visit of that corpa to Washington, but the subject was declared not in order. The House then proceeded to ballot for a printer, and on the third .baHot ex-Governor Thos. H. Ford, of Ohio, was elected. The death of Cyrus Spink, a member for the Fourteenth district of Ohio, was announced, the usual 'csolntions were adopted, and the House adjourned.We publish this morning a letter from Washing- ton purporting to define Judge Douglas' position before the Charleston Convention. In view of the attempt on the part of the democratic Senators to lay down a platform now which shall control the action of the Convention and thrust Douglas aside, the letter will doubtless command attention.The proceedings of the Legislature yesterdayWere interesting, as will be seen by onr reportstion of the South with the same good judgment. We are sorry we cannot say so much for those who ought to embody the wisdom andis the violation of Southern rights, and the des- truction of the constitution."every abolitionist is not a socialist, he is on the way to become one, and must become one by the inevitable progression of his doctrines. This the advocates of Brookfarm and the pha- lanstery at Freehold well know; and therefore,proves as well that Brown was a guest at the political weekly dinner given at the Parker House, Boston. This dinner is used as a res dezvous by all the leading republicans. It is here that the State slate is fixed, and orders issued to the Massachusetts delegation in Con-now defining their positions and making theirissues with a view to the coming Presidential itself, bat we do believe that there are greatertaken in and provided for without any at- Thus the social dangers to New England areSjampaign. In another page we publish the evils than a dissolution of the Union, and thattempt being made to identify the parents. If increasing; and the fanatical teachers of French hand-in-glove with all the republican leaden,interesting proceedings of a public meeting ofthe citizens of Charleston, S. C , convened toappoint delegates to a State Convention to beone of these is unconditional submission to a purely sectional domination that is politically and socially hostile to us;" " We seek to avert the terrible alternative of civil revolution bythe facts could be accurately investigated we believe it would be found that there is in reality very little, if any, difference in the actual per centage of illegitimate births in the two cities— the excess of population in the one being, of course, taken into accountradicalism, who have led that section into a crusade against slavery, are not the men for the coming emergency. Socialism, and the community o f goods a n d phalansteries,and had the confidence of the strongest men is that party all over the North and West The funds were simply diverted from Kan- sas to Virginia; and it is a logicalheld at Columbia, for the purpose of selectingdelegates to the Democratic Presidential Con- the discomfiture and utter prostration of theform a part, and an irrepressible part, inference that the transfer was not made with of their theories for society. The philo- out the sanction of Greeley and Hyatt in Netvention to be held at Charleston on the 23d of republican party;'* "The President is the rep-brought into market, and if so, by whose authority. have defined their own position and the posi- only cohesive element in the republican partyHaving exposed the absurdity of the at-and the lax observance of a police Sabbath, let us just take the converse of the argument* Every one who has visited Scotland must have been s\ruck with the Puritanical rigor with which Sunday observances are enforced in thesophers of the Tribune have been asrampant for the adoption of Fourier's system York, Sanborn, Howe and Stearns, of Boston,as they now are for the abolition of slavery. and others who were interested in the matter. Every socialist is an abolitionist, and though Stearns' evidence goes to show this, and itand special despatches. In the Senate bills wereIntroduced relative to publishing the State einva.«<<, vernment of a Territory with from 50,000 to vative elements of the North to follow theirus with restrictions which are not only unjust and unrighteous in themselves, but which are opposed to the spirit of our institutions. In no community where these observances have been enforced by the strong arm of the lawsinging of psalms and hymns will never clothe the naked nor feed the hungry. Let the true statesmen of Massachusetts, then, stand forth, and, acknowledging the evil, seek the remedy. Let legislation and labor be freed from theto encroachments on New York harbor, and to the purchase of real estate by Columbia College. In committee the bill relative to dircrces was taken up and amended. The bill relative to the property in trade and the earnings of married womca was debated and Ordered to a third reading. So was the bill to incorporate the Citizens Savings Bank of New York. The Troy Armory bill, the Brooklyn Wateract, and several other btlla were discussed in Com-mittee* In the Assembly, bills were introduced to100,000 inhabitants—hardly as many as are example. United we stand, divided we tall.contained in one of the wards of our city—it is The North has as much at stake as the South;not a contest about squatter sovereignty, but a and tile dissolution of the Union would be has an; good resulted from them. We do not tyranny of soulless corporations. And, before contest for the very existence of the Union. equally fatal to its interests and destructive of feel any great alarm, however, at the progressAnd the "grave and reverend seigniors" over- its prosperity, to say nothing of the sanguinary made by the present movement If its authorslook this grand, broad issue, with all its conse- civil war which would probably revel the can find no better arguments In support ofquences, and all the mighty interests it in- whole country from Passamaquoddy to the Riovolves, and they proceed to manufacture amall Grande.side issues which have little or nothing to do TROUBLE AT THE. FREE ACADEMT.—WW havewith the case, and whose sole object seems todefine the powers and duties of Harbor Masters, to be to exclude one aspirant for the Presidency two architects, who were employed some timeextend the corporate powers of the Seneca In- and to admit another. It is petty, pitiful and since to examine into the condition of the Freedians, to amend the Exemption act, besides several contemptible, if not criminal, at such a juncture Academy building, as to the security of whichothers of a local character. Mr. Jaquea, from as this. Its only fitting parallel in history isthe Pro Rata Investigating Committee, reported Nerofiddlingwhile Rome was burning. They some doubts had been expressed in certainand their neighborhoods. W e must look at run down every man of talent or influence iabait a century, and the consequence is that the fighting element abounds everywhere—a rest- less discontented mass, always ready for fili-The issues involved In the present movementare freedom of conscience and natural rights,"liberty, fraternity, equality" inculcated bythe Union;" "We do not believe in a dissolu- tion of the Union as a thing to be desired ofthe simple reason that the State provides a re-fuge for children thus born, where they areHere is the issue and the platform in a nut-conservatism of the nation. The democratic shell, just as we have often presented it to our large cities. Even under the Roundheads re-members of the United States Senate have held readers. The creed of the republican party is ligious tyranny was never carried to greater a caucus, in which the majority have defined to destroy the constitution and violate the lengths than we remember to have seen prac- their position to their own satisfaction, if not rights of the Southern States, which will have tised in Edinburg and Glasgow. The sound to the satisfaction of the country. They have the effect of breaking up the Union, becausewhen forced to give up socialism, they adopted gress. It is thought, too, that the republicans abolitionism* as the next thing to i t Theirof a piano or other musical instrument heard constructed a platform large enough for them- the Southern States regard that as a lesser evil in a house on that day led to an immediatefellow workers have been preaching their have spirited away Hugh Forbes, who, it isstated, sailed recently for Europe under an as- theories against slavery, while they have as- sumed name. Forbes would have been a mostsisted to build up in New England an oligarchy important witness before the Committee, as be of capital; and thus are they leading thousands was acquainted with all the facts in the case,and could speak from personal knowledge of the circumstances. By suppressing or altering testimony the republicans do not make theirselves to stand upon, but too narrow to admit than unconditional submission to a party or- descent of the police. And yet profligacy was the whole of the conservative masses of the ganized in avowed hostility to their rights never more rife in any European city than it people in all sections of the Union. They have solemnly guaranteed by the constitution. T o was at the period to which we refer. Prostitu- elaborated and complicated an issue whose dis- avoid the terrible alternative of civil revolu-blindly into the adoption of their theories. They have assisted to create a state of things in New England which, if not cured in time,tinguishing characteristic is its extreme simpli- tion, the men of Charleston propose to unitecity. They have unnecessarily introduced ques- with their brethren of the South and the con-tions about Territories, when there is no such servatives of the North for the utter prostrationissue before the country now. The Kansas of the republican party. That is sound, prac-Territorial question is settled, and Kansas will tical common sense. It is a wise determinationbe admitted as a free State, as she ought to be. on the part of the Southern States to unite. A the efforts of these Sunday fanatics to saddle sing psalms and hymns to all eternity; and theA very different issue is before the nation. common danger compels them to do so: and a It is not a miserable squabble about the go- common danger ought to impel all the conser-their severity.testimony,andtheirconclusiontherefromthat quarters.ThereporttotheExecutiveCom- readerwillseebyourreportoftheproceed- beforeWanthasbroughtFever,andfever tion.ThustheycontrolledsuchmenasDudleytheretonofoundationforthechargethatimproperdonotrealizetheirownpositionorthepositionmitteestatesthattheexaminershavefoundingsinCongress,aPrinterwaselectedbytheDeath. SeldenandOgdenHoffman,andnowtheyarebeen furnished with a copy of the report oftheir views than those we have just noticed, their converts will be confined to the narrow circle of hypocrites, who compound for their ownSins by bearing heavily on the innocent enjoyments of their neighbors.all, let both them and us look at once at thesuffering and hunger which are hovering overour brothers in Massachusetts. The- presentstrike must spread want among them to a fear-ful extent. Let the humane in our midst comeforth and call a public meeting to take into mand a vote anywhere, have undertaken to consideration the relief that we can and should govern the party throughout the whole State, extend to the suffering laborers of Lynn, Natick, and to control everything in this metropolis- Marblehead, Beverly, Newburyport, Haverhill They have been systematically endeavoring tolatqancehasbeeauaed to affect the rote oa the of the country, standing as it does on the very certain defects in the construction of the build House of Representatives. The lucky individual ANOTHER OPERATIC WAR rx PROSPECT.—Just abusing and running down Hon. John CochranWQ. A reaolutton censuring the Speaker for his brink of a bloody revolution. It is not•hare in the transaction was offered, but it was laid the business of the national Legislature toon the table by a decisive vote. The Housemen anticipate the people In the construction of a two rows of iron or wooden columns or but Thomas H . Ford, formerly Lieutenant over the heads of the autocrats of Irving place; trict, and Fernando Wood, who Is Mayor of theThe amount o f nonsensethat i stalkedb ynearly five thousand of these soulless corpora- i•inthese Sabbatarian philosophers would be in-strength than any one else who has bencredible to any one who does not keep a closebusteringaadeverydesperateenterprise.Ia statisticsborrowedfromcountrieswhoseinsti-againstthetyrannyofcapital.Breakingouttheunanimouschoiceoftheoppositionsentenced to the State prison for eleven years and fears not God and regards not man. The Euro- advocates of Sunday restrictions will go in thesix months.According to the City Inspector's report, therepean revolutions of 1848 have largely added to it by emigration, throwing upon our shores vast numbers of men by no means friendly to law and order—men, for the most part, social- istic and atheistic, and holding that "property is robbery." In the Far West and in northernway of perversion and misstatement we shall just briefly notice a few of the arguments made use of by the Rev. Mr. Cook, at the Cooper In- stitute, the other night. After quoting the pro- portions of illegitimate births in London and thewere 542 deaths in the city during the past weekan increase of 40 as compared with the mortalityof the week previous, and 170 more than occurredduring the corresponding week last year. Therecapitulation table gives 2 deaths of diseases of Pennsylvania they have become a disturbing the bones, joints, Ac, 121 of the brain and nerves, 6Continental cities—which in the latter are as to has no claim for sustenance upon the soil, and favor goes, Cameron has largely the advantage the former about eight to one—he leads his capital has shown itself to be its worst foe. It over his opponent. It is very certain that,of the generative organs, 15 of the heart end blood element in the social system, aud readily fall vessels, 197 of the lungs, throat, &c, 6 of old age,is time for the statesmen and philosophers of New England to throw aside all minor conside- rations and to look this evil in the face. The Everetts and the Cushings of Massachusetts must take the subject in hand, and bring their eloquence and genius to bear for the elucida-hearers to infer that this difference is caused by into the anti-slavery ranks. On the Atlantic the greater laxity which prevails on the Conti-without the vote of Pennsylvania, the republi- can candidate cannot be elected, and if tat Pennsylvanians can prove to the satisfaction ef the Chicago Convention that Cameron only can carry the State, he must receive the nomi- nation. With Pennsylvania, Ohio, WisconsinThe Onaard null ste&ntblp Arabia, Captain Stone, will 85 of diseases of the skin and eruptive fever, 5 seaboard the New York Tribune is their special nent in the observance of the Sabbath. Now,I tar* tnn port to morrow for Liverpool. 11»MattoawlorofwWISttewa tail«t7•«tM•'•lookto-morrow norningTMBnonu bfflM ot i n Haul* winbepabusnea•A half pa* nine o'clock la las moraing Sagta copies la , six t u n .iandadrerttMaMtiforanyeditionof the lmuu> wUl be rseeivsa at the fallowing plaoes_i Low, Soa ft 0» . 47 Indents Hm. j,StarrftOa.,74KingWiiiiam«r*o»..LMfltag, Baldwin ft Co., 8 place <le la Bourw. Luainf, Starr ft Oa., No. 0 Chapel atreei.B, Staaxt, 10 Excbasjn atreat, East..Lansing, Baldwin ft Co., -21 rua CorneUlt. .DaCnapeaarongeftC«stillborn and premature births, 55 of diseases of thestomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 45 ge.neral fevers, and 4 diseases of the urinary organs,and 18 from violent causes. The nativity table gives380 natives of the United States, 101 of Ireland, loose, would not be satisfied with the destruc- 35 of Germany, 11 of England, and the balance of tion of the property of the Southern States, various foreign countries.every one who has visited Europe, or who hasbestowed any attention on social questions, iswell aware of the faet that there is not theorgan.Such fire the materials of the chasseurs ofthe anti-slavery army, destined to invade the South—men of prey, whose passions once letslightest relation between the cause and effectalleged here. In France and on the Continent tion of the danger, before it has involved them Iowa, and perhaps Indiana at his back, Came-generally, the difficulties interposed in the wayin its vortex. ron will be likely to prove an ugly customer forMuch suffering and misery must ensue to the Master Seward. As matters stand now, the struggle is between these two candidates; aadof marriage are so great that young people areadecline of an >„o. per pound. The sales embraced about owners of the North and demand a fair division driven by them into a state of concubinage. laboring population of Massachusetts, through as between tbem, Cameron is by far theThe cotton market was heavy yesterday, and closed at but would turn round upon the property 1,000bales,nearlyallofwhichwasintransitOaofthespoils,accordingtotheprinciplesofPeople,evenintheveryhumblestconditionofthecessationfromlabor,whichtheyhavestrongest,thebest,andmostreliableman.the spot sales were made on the basis of lie. for mid-dling uplands. Flour was steady at Saturday's prices, Charles Fourier and Louis Blanc.andfirmfor higher and better grades, while commonbrandsofStateandWesternaerolessbuoyantatprevious Inview,therefore,ofthisstateoffacts, prices. Southern flour WM In gocd demand and is not the conduct of the Democraticlife, will not allow their children to mar- sort for the children of the union.adopted as a means for compelling the capital- ry unless there is a provision of some ists to recede from their grinding oppression.It is precisely because we apprehend the same results from similar causes that we resistBut men have something else to do than toodium of the John Brown raid upon their shoulders, and they cannot escape from it.DEMOCRACY AXD DIRT.—New York is the most democratic city in the Union, and it is also the most dirty; for a proof of the latter quality we have only to look at the streets and the state- ments of our Comptroller or any other honest official. For the politicalfilthinesswe are in- debted to the leaden of the democratic Albany Regency and their organ, the Atlas and Argui- the most miserable, dirty newspaper in ta< country. The leaden of the Regency, *ko were originally mere village politicians, bat are now squatted at Albany, and cannot com-r«*.cnatet-wtwnenC-arltnlnSM ThestrikeoftoeshoemakersatLynnisex-r»«h- .-ben Mw'ze* ensnares at tfa« Wiaw threatens to become one of the most serious Garten. Ns-netoe* UU*** tote^. ^m^tending to other towns of Maeeaohusetu, andstrong fiftht and L- win ^ ^ la aortic* H CorporalTatti,anothernvtmsdonna,aBatj„ NewYo-her. nowtoherteens,aads»Jdtobe a very promising artist The war will be« very curious one aad cannot fall te be enter- taining to the public, however it saay tarn oat for the managers.tenement house to which his poverty confineshim duringthe other six days of the week; or, medied to time, it will shake that system to its TROUBUE AMOMU THE BSKBUCAK Paunwrr asanalternative,theywoulddrivehimtothe centre. Foryearscapitalhasbeengrowingin MAKBBS—Thewirepullers amongtheblacktem of New England, and if the evil is not re-They cannot live upon air. The miserable pit- tance they have hitherto been receiving for theirTHE JOBS BCOWK RAID—THE lwEimo\Tioir INTHESENATE.—Wenoticethattheblackre- publicans at Washington and elsewhere aretion, drunkenness, gambling, and vice of everydescription, flourished in concurrence withSunday edicts that were almost Draconian in will convert every Yankee into as thorough- case better, but rather worse. They have thegoing a red republican and socialist as any to be found in France or Germany.A PRINTER TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA- this thing in time, and extend the helping handTIVES ELECTED AT LAST.—Yesterday, as the this city who will notsuccumb to their dicta-Ing, which should be rectified by putting up is not Defrees, nor Mitchell, nor Glossbrenner, as the olive branch ofpeace has been suspended who is a member of Congress from this dis- girders, running longitudinally to the base- Governor of Ohio. This was the man who in just as all the quarrels among the managers city. The opposition of the Regency organ, thewant.ate commiuee « the ProBata MLl*.Flagler offered aa Important amendment, which 1 obey rather than to dictate. Moreover, some ment,first,second and third stories, to support the Fremont campaign was entrusted with a and the artists have been settled upon a satis- Atlas and Argus, elected Fernando Wood,platform. It is their business to listen and tot^-cwrreportofth.^ report of thegather withdebate was continued ontii theno natter in what way they decide them, their level by large screws. Further, that the aim bably, after all, Weed and Wendell have found TheHon.AbrahamLincobt.arepnblican•tamp decisionisofnoavail, liequestionsare berswhichareIncloseproximitywiththefur- asgoodananfortheirpurposeasDefxees.orator of DJtaoto, addrasaed a large aadience at the Cooper Institute last evening. Bpeecheswtrequestions of constitutional law, and can only nace pipes and flues should bo thoroughly One of the objects to which the printing cor-over the country as fin controlling power wits the democracy of the State of New York, while it is notorious tint the democrats whom they moet violently oppose, rach as Hon. Jooa CochraneandFernandoWood,aretheverynsa who attain office by Unnphant najoritiei _• the hands of the party. The Albray dmocraw Regency Is c«npoaed of Cogger, < ^ ! i Cassidy and lUchnond, all of whom oome crow the Western part of tin State, where they can-?E?W thefloorbeamsandtoreceivetheweightof of the questions they undertake to settle axetoritsscuriintyandabuse, coupledwiththe great numbers to hear the freshest, youngest violent antagonism of the leaders, created » and most popular of prime donne, Adelina strong sympathy in his Itthoif, which carriedPatti; just as operatic matters are in the most him through successfully. And yet the Re- delightfulconditionthatcanbeimagined,there gencyanditsorganrepresentthemselveseufund to regulate the newspapen of Pennsyl- ted. The beyond their province, and belong solely to the columns which snpport the root They vania. He is considered a staunch republican 'of the evening the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court It hi recommend that the floor beams be raised of the Seward and Chase stripe; so that pro-factory basis; just as the public is flocking incomes a speck of war, no bigger than a man's be decided by the competent tribunal. The examined, to guard against danger from Ire. ruption fund is applied is the subsidising of hand, all the way from the Havana. The redoubt- which will be found tally reported in another part «^*iotlon of these topics, therefore, Into a This report bean the date of the 8th of the small newspapers throughout the country. able Max Maretzek, who, like an Irishman at aJ»»^f>iatiomto«denlated to distract and February, and it has notjet been presented by That was proved by Wendell. Now, it appean, (air, is never happy unless he has a row on;ofth«BoardofSopervisorsyes-%2ZZ££&* «**divertattentionfrom the.committeetotheBoardofEducation Fordhashadsomeexperiencetothatline,andhe hand,hasresolvedtonaveatiltwithhisi M aw •WssfiyW'Wfc W* •ilTM IMaBstWJa* uawimvvtr There ia a very large number of pupils at the may suit very well. Can any of our correspon- old friend Napoleon Ullman, whose dis-hi the District Attorney's office was taken And what to that t>_ Free Academy, and if the Board of Education dents inform us how much higher was his bid to position is likewise naturally combative.to the OwBHBlBse on Seaaton — » T *??.*¥> «*d now shall the shows any neglect in their duty to provide for the republican committee than the bribe said Maretzek s agents have engaged, as it is al-and Poliee. District Attorney ft commnnicatlon in reference tomay be found faoafreportof Mr. Waterbary and Mr.Oakey Hall, late District Attorney, give it as their that the publication, of thetile security of the building they will have » to have been offered b y defeated Defrees. leged, the Winter Garden for operatic per-fearful responsibility resting on their shoulders The farce of an election is over. The men who formances, to commence on Easter Monday,^,d*,»h,ns;„,„;*,.,},,„„„,£^ £ J £ pr-%, »W rpw,*ttheAcademyoa*WH»C not alter u if they would.their own business and bosom." and if y^..Thebuildinghasalreadyhadampleopportu•lectedForneyforClerkwillstopatnothing,April9.Afteracurious,nottosaycomic,notcoinmandavotethemselves,yetthe/as-Untitled Documentnlty to fall, and now it is quite time that tiv and the printing spoils n a y be expected to contest, Maretzek has secured the new prima some to govern the city of New York an* " •Thomas M. TryniskiBoard of Education make a movement iu th. reach a higherfigurethis session than they ever donna, £abri, who, it is expected, will make a Southern part of the State, which p the eaiy309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069It "comes home tomatter. section that sustains the democratic party bjwww.fultonhistory.comdid before. great sensation. The I'Uunn troupe will go, 