 hfloor,brief,verywas bomedchance of escape in that dlrectlcn was cut siK .)!•>.to do* tbcK^ Saturday morning.Tlw staaaublp Citt of Watkmgtcn, from New-Tork,rat«^.At Japan trade progressed favorably. TheBombaytelegramofthe27thDecember,viational right of mud to test over the whole surface ofand France, which were Instituted by the former, andteterrtipted by Count WALXwexi's opposition. The pilaclple of these nsgotlatioiis was, non-lnterventl<H> IMB tts affidrs of Central Italy. France, adopting thethe nUnor Officers of; hisamttOB with the ftoreign Powers, pointed out the im.Hon. IsBAXL WABHBuaxx, Jr., followed In an able de-who were driven out because they defended the on the and not bis boxwood It clay, implements.sides.heart shrink with horror. The firemen wwked asbiy.Is now announced almost in official languagehim,andevenhis large popularity cannot redeem tbe effort.bothinBut It is now time for post and the vote is not yet and three children, occupied a portion of the frost ofPopeand tke Congress.From Another WAsniHGTOS,floor, with bis n Ife, Fbuixjca, and two cMMisB Cabolibx, aged 4 ^ears, and Hiibt, aged U fesD Mr. BoEDBXE and the two children escapedmtlnmred.and France haveI'fvotect the Centra] Italian States," az^ itsachusetts Delegation for Printer. whether situated North or South. He could no' Senator Fitcb to-day made his demonstration agree vrith the Senators from Mississippi and GeoegiaI _jjto35y.offte ukuof thel5th,says:Snouldcuriosityt,flR lafcaBstiaB.ta'esile— ladies. So also Is toeI(tneition.had reachedThe Government dispatch from Onde confirms theand toned in thevote, English fashion, broad shirt collar tamedrcsolation requesting tlie Committee on Commerce to at once displayed tactics which, if they could have down over a loose black neck-tie, and, on the whole,to**has and triumphed,PiBBiBQiOB sits next to to Shxbxak, endeavoringlearn tbe calmness of from that weather experienceparticulars could be obtained as to what henaiaaaftfaa rest of the family, and it is feared tlMy ptrilhwl:respect amongst Opposition;jority that the bill for the separation State shall be read a second time.of Church andwas resolved that on and after ate meet at 13 o'clock.Mondaynext the Sen.of the most strikias and graoefnl men on the flror^J scallac MMers for a prompt return to the certainly not Earpas««d_ by any member. He is: aIt was rumoredgoneto Sioly.mora togoon with the calendar.billuponITALY.that GAuaiuii hadMr. Gwm notlee that on Monday be would gaveand tbehigh gronada of Ttetoiy are provided in the nomina- tion of Mr. MoCuUAllS.Immediately after prayers and roll-call this room- ing. Jobs Sexbhas, of OLlo, took his natural place on the floor as the Repobilcan leader. He called thepre-young man of middle height, broad-chested, roundly built with a large fand well-balanced bead, regular features, pale complezioa, a neat brown motufacbe, large and sparkling eye, brown bair, and ibe ezpres- sion of habitual study. He wears bli frock coat bat-Tentmtnt Home onINDIA AND CHINA.The Calcutta mall of I>ec. lu, and the Hong Kongthe Padfie, and he desired to take that op.Mr. Smona, of Massachosetts, (Rep.,) Introdueed a rious question on a motion for a tn'tis voceTbirty Persons supposed to MiKr^ Perished ta the FlauMS.Between seven and eight o'clock, last ereaiag,mail of Nov. 17complete overthrow and dispeision of the remainderof the rebel army. All thetaken except the Begum, and she c«ald not bold oat alone.The salt tax was to be increased one shilling on the eighty pounds, adding nearly a miUion Sterling to the levenue.warlikeprices were generally sustained owing to light stocks. Tea was quiet, but holders refused any reduction in prices.was almost; also, SO miles manded. Silk was lower.RxASAK,ofTexBs,propo-the Ark rested on Ararat it was a_ slight isjaries. flre-beUsq-'ilckly gave tbs slam for the Fifth District and the firemen repalied to tte spot Ladders were immediately elevated to tb» windows, bat the longest of them coaU net naeb abovethefourthfloor. Tbefiremenreseaedasa*stopped•ff Urerpoo), sUp Empnat, Inward bound. A good business in tea was doing at Foo-Chow-Foeenoughtojump from the andThe windows, escM _iMPad, and GulfStrwmj inward boundTke .lauriea sailed fCB- Boston at 6 P.M. ShewlU at firmMr. WnsoK, ofthat whenpreparations.Imports at Shanghai were quiet.theHoiise.complexion, sandy-gtay beard, onlyIt is said that the baker in the basement oathe Papal Nuncio has said the Pop# wUl give up theSosaagna, provided the rest of his dominions be se- Gov. LzTCBXR reached here this afternoon, en route not cover the entire brains of thejarty, nor Its entireCorrespondent, Wednesday Evening.evred to him.Cardinal Axtoiixli.i*b reported resignation was notccaifirmed.AtViennait is fullybelievedthattheGovernmentfor Harper's Ferry, to be present at the trial of Sts- heart when he buttoned his waistcoat. Mr. Fitchthen examined the Dred Scott decision, contending that it sustained the views'he had advanced. He alsoItaly in favor of the exiled Dukes and Papal Govern-the Weimar Zeitung on the 11th, confirms this fear. ordered to assemble at the Washington Arsenal on Mr. DorOLAB, of Illinois, (Dem.,) said it was notceeds to tear off the cicatrice from the Slave-Codeintends openly and actively to interfere in Central by a large vote.The Manchester Chamber of Commerce have mem- orialized Lord Falusbston to bring the subject of International^ maritime law before the EuropeanC<mgre!s.There was a doubtful rumor that the Emperor ofAustria has invited Russia and Prussia to defend thenecessary at this time to go into any controversy withduce extreme Southern men to vote him againstlegitimate rightsof monarchs.add to the Senator's vote atwhispered thing—probably an agreement to eat mutton togethe'^GREAT BRITAIN.A stormy meeting of the Great Ship Company hadbeenheldinLondon. Areportwaspresented,show- iBg the position of the Company, and announcing tlie designation of tl>e Board. A motion to receive the report was followed by an amendment, that beforeunable totorrent of political vitriol. ETHxaisai persists in generously offering, it— and Shbbmaiv did dittopartthemaftt^rwife and two children, InhaWtari a ysrt of tt fioor ;'nothlng rould be learaedoftbem. Mr.lWAEm!»aTO», Thursday, Feb. 2. There was a Republican Caucus at the Capitol to-day. Many seekers after place were gathered In the lobbies impatiently awaiting the result The ru- mors from time to time created much exDitement thequestionbyballot. Theresiiltofthisballotwas amongthem. Itwasascertainedbytheproceedings—a hit which extorts many and chair—both floor and galleries the most maintainingwife,whose names could not beeo a Committee of Investigation be appointed. After a warm discussion, it was, resolved to decideAdministration member writhe. "shoutsdoingYes," poor,^lity. Saving British interest, we should look on such a grocsedlng with the least dissatisfaction, but if Mr.navigation, therefore, which could be made for the purposes of war, would equally Inure to the benefit •f Great Britain, the only enemy that could possibly confront us In that quarter. War would be a sad ca- lamity, but should It ever unhappily exist, the battle win not be fought on the St. Clair River or on thea to the indorsement Republican victory.„ oKMsite side of tbe street, oeeapted as.awhKslBBitBTCBAaAS's of Mexico descriptionalleyeshear, exceptis a faithful pic- toie, Jt wlH require fen more than our casual inter- wtmOmi to restore the country to the rank of an or-At this present writing, the crinoline campaign, re- corded In yesterday's letter, appears to have resulted in a disastrous but complete victory to those Con- gressmen in favor of the Salic law. There is not—not athemselves strictly to that department which the lawhas set a^ide for their use. They retoi t on their floorVallabbioham, of Ohio, next rose, speaking as if heganized State.The Militia United-Service Gazette says that a ru- lakes with which it commimlcates.lar lips tightly after each syllable, as if doling ou'-aAbout Hi o'clock, yesterday morning, gentle-andmor credit gains"who will be never under-valued so long as he is his merit of candor in his vote. But the Secessionistscomer of Hudson Grove streets discovered thattheroof ofin mlUtary circles, that it is the in- tenlloii or tlie Government to disband tlie miUila em-bodied early In tlie Spring. FRANCE.for at least he had the own appraiser. -Jamxs K. Moobuias, of Pennsylva labored mo.>it successfully for the Republican triumph,man who was passing theGen._^ai>eh EipedlUon to China, liad cmbarkoU with sUiffRepublicanside, but even theMo.MAtBiK, Coiumiinder-in-Chief of the\ofwas detwminedthefsgt"dtThe monthly return „f the Bank of Francea shows—decease in cash ol foity-iSve•-! Increase In discounts of nearly forty-sir mil- majority being unexpectedly large.chiefly by Republicans—as Itwas near a recess itwithtaodelMajaSn*'!Marseilles. He goes theby overland route;broadcloth not ahiiherwards by the interest and excitement of seciicns. commencmg the tbe children hjA ssbmulne telegraph cable bad been successfully iaidbetwaen the Channel Islands and Frauce.The ladipeadaice Beige retracts the slatemeot tha Prince MxmaxiicB had left for Vienna.and full of open mysteriescome on here to seepatent for refining sugarJosSFu W. CoBUES, Jr., two gentlemen Just Immor- talized by piquant Plaza sketches in the Leader, but nowPresident and Secretary of the lower Democratic.niUlons of francstest was endedLesbias. It willvlnce them that their expulsion yesterday was an act"amongstmay be noticed Hon. Joh.sTEns and Haslzt.The nomination of Grind wasminutesGborqsThe Hoard of Officers, consisting of Capt GAasi:iiB,ment The Pastoral of the Archbishop, published in Lieuts. MooKX, Andxkso^, Taylos and Alxxahdix, is as they were judicial, not legislative questions.KzaMr. BB0W5, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) wished toa vote oh the resolutions, but yielded to a motion toexpected to be made known on the day the America in the Hall that the preponderance of feeling there postpone ; and after an Executive Session the SenateeveryEhiisos exultantly,able blood of the poorest and most miserable post- master throbt>ed and thrilled with secret and irre-sailed. The meeting stood adjourned till the 17th.A Capt Waixxs, stated to be the captain of the atarer V^anderer, and who recently arrived in Liver- pool tmder extraordinary circumstances, was under anrest In that place, charged with liaving conspiredwas in favor of Mr. FoBHzr for Clerk and Hsjiar W. adjourned.four or five men at a time, allsingle, hand to-hand encotmter, in which Judge on the open Bible and taking the Constitutional oath- down when she slipped and (ell on to a Arsd^ isjarlagHorruAS for Sergeant- at- Arms of the House. Thesegentlemen were recommended, but not nominated.No definite action was taken on candidates for theother offices. Some difficulty was occasioned by there'-with others to obtain money by false pretences. The being two candidates for Door-keeper fi-om New- Douglas and the Democraej in Congreit.Douglas, fighting for life and princiole, met, con- There was some little indication of feeling when a her seveiely. He followed and escaped with a few quered and abolished tbe whole combined influences particular member kissed the page and passed the slightinjuries. Mrs.VopSLwastakantothaWg^ ofpartyandpatronageduringhislastcampaignIn volnmeontohisneighbor.Thenei^iborrefasedto tal,buttierlifeIsdespairedotFaaBCltTiaaaiaa,erldencebeforethemagistrateshowedthatWalxxs Tork—CaptDaxlisoandIbaGoobxsow,whileGzo.with his wife and three children, ooe^ptad fattaTtte Illinois. " Then—having thus sown all the seedsof dis- kiss the same page, but tamed It over and kissed an- fiftbtocH. He escaped byjampiiKatfaf<h*«iiirta»,ms treating for the purchase of a ship for a slave ex- pedition.Zevci'D liin and CzoBOt Hma, first and secondmates of the ship Anna, of New-York, were underhaving murdered sev-cord,guanoedthem,andheatedtheatmospheresothat otherone. Withthisexceptlra,everythingpassed receivingsevereInjturles. Biswutand.oidUnaa|«BUf^xxedtohavepcrldied. Owingtotbeiasaaiaa- dtement that igerailed, the naaes of Iba s l U Maals of tbe sixth floor coqU not be ascedalaedt aM aatba fire comrolenced near the staircase, cuttiag offallhapaarrest In London, eral colored seamen to England.witha of deceit and thimble genuoustriumph— victoryof Dottolas.Tbe election ofthe of this floor, about ado9aBiaaB«sicharged duringThe Ih:esident sent to the Senate to-day a MessageIn which he says he deems It a sufficient reason forhaving retained the bill appropriating $55,000 for in an agreement that Johr A, McCLXBSAXn, of Illi-to thePb«i,ibo«,k is practically due to those recasant. fromoccup.ants - to deaUiMaxstoh, of New-Hampshire, is a prominent candi- date for that office. Messrs. Sazsiua, Gsow, Tatfas, HictuAit, and ScawABtz were appointed a Committee to call another conference.The Eve of the Finalthey might ripen with sudden and deadly growth-Mr. Ethibissi concluded with admirable gravity bycasting his vote for the candidate who might possiblyhave been elected but for this tirade. It Is a disin- all National men the necessity for rallying in solid of escape in that quarter, it is gaierally tappoiti UBtThe Democratic caucus, held last night, resulted The cotton-mill at Blackburn, callea the Swallow- deepening the channel over the St. Clair Flats, nois, the standard-bearer of Judge Docolas In theand as such it is now denounced withRxAGAx, of Texas, who approaches the utmost verge Alabama. South Carolina and Mississippi, whore- part of the third floor, and all escapedlitest Mill, and containing 2U,0V0 spindles, had been bvmt floes jC30,00O sterling.Michigan, that it was not presented to .him until theHouse, should be adopted and brought forward to-dayof Mr. ETExainoi.n« I<oadon Times editorially criticises the finan-ofnomination in a neat, delicate and thoughtful speech.By the way, MlLLSOH's iiortrait in the Illustrated yews against tliese parties in his speech, clearly showing considerably <iam8ged. Matiuet Lthch oeeuptad makes that gentleman appear a good deal fatter than tliat McClbshabd's vote could be made equal to Pbn- the upi^er part and JoH.t BEOTr-t occupied tbe low«rthe^^^ 'voyagefroaiLagunaheatproperof parliamentary language iu expressing his opinion fused to unite upon MoCLSBJiAim, althouch assured The buildicg, worth about •l«,Mie, was gwaad.brLieut. Hoore. Reports are ourreat and believed in Paris tliat an of the Dragoons, LleuU AsBxnso-t, of the Artillerythat Wm. PxuKinGTCt, ofwounded bird cover ran ofl" into'''jII—__ ^.Donxzix once said of anThesation is that produced by H. Wistib Davis, of Bal- mrs and whose names are omitted by buiWlng, $SJM; Insured for tl-SOO in_L.Ji^'m"**'?^""lnvasiin,-to was willing to strip naked and jump down into aCongressmen— " New-York table," in special desire, have started a''*» T^^^^^""^testimonyofJews,tofuturehis foeman alongwithhim,—somightithaveBeensaidofthe Democrats In their contest against tbe Imfending Crisis. WithAbolitionlsoi,personatedbyJoanShib- VAK, in their arms, they are willing to mount the Tarpeian rock of the Plurality Rule and make a clean leap, a strong leap, and a leap all together into theCompany.long hall will be requi-ed to accommodate the rush of the sash and blind faciorr, suffered Wpeioss.^H*sestdtng them uvii andapplausePTie Diet (rf Denmark ha.Dej;iartmentGwis, of CsUfotnla,gaye U.I^e Jto4C0., fu5& s^rlothinotiBSOred. ThapublishedImperialde-«onofc„"ngres''s:''""^*'"^y'-'"'"SENATE. WABUiiiaioiT,Thursday,Feb.2.veryhotplace,provided he could dragpoiiiieai rlabts. DENMARK.Sundry communicationsExecatlTeOb moUoB of Mr.were received from theimmigrantsorganization is a God-send to the hotel and taTera men, as It will start not less than one millkinaf dol- larsintocirculationto-morrow. SecretaryCassa grand ball last nie'it, and Secretary CoBB followsaad winiwho toM resoecUveoliy t(h4e00third fSiesoMr, makeiaao^fiahs«or?-decided by a large roa-This slave- Wbk«D^y^s,uone- (tiitto^Bightextent of !«*»*«•'tIjOOOjlast day of the former Congress, when he had nowhenever their votes would tie the Re- $8,000:fully Insured.The loss of (hisltort aaMalts *as the National Democratic candidate for<W ststsment of the American Government, and tlonal mode cilits by which the Legislature of On the significance of this movement it would be folly folats out that allowing for the youth of one State Michigan may in ^its discretion raise money tu Im- to enlarge. It may be cited as the best answer to Klie and tke maturity of the other, there is the stronges* prove the channel in the St. Clair River. He does resolutions adopted by the .Alabama State Conven- possible analogy between the respective nroceedlngs not mean to intimate a doubt of the power .of Con- tion. Already there is a stampede here to the side of of Englaad and America. gress to construct such internal improvements as may the little giant ; and on the avenue this morning. t>e- In another article the same journal expatiates on be essentially necessary for defence and protection tween Wlllard's and the Capitol, It was perfectly as- Kssfcan alTairs In connection with the President's against the Invasion of a foreign enemy. It would tonishing and refreshing to be met by such crowds ofMiiLso:>,Virginia,to about «3,000.A two-story frame builiiing. No. 144 Elm-strea(,wasportunityto examine it.HesaysthatSpeakerIDabe^dilxmade astrong recordMessage. It says there Is not a qaeatlon but what the scarcely be claimed, however, that the " ImprovementSenators CiAi and Gkbih appeared on the fioor last a dwelllsg hy W. B. Nxab, was C~ The two soJE a hslf^tofy bildcbmen"—men whoAjnericans, if they so please, can march to Mexico, is within this category. This river Is the boundary for DoDQLAS dncs 1852 ; but who had, from deep po- aor is It to be doubted that their advance would beat- line between the United States and the British Prov- litical motives, thought it wise to disguise their ar- tOBded with at least the temporary benefit of tranquil- ince of Upper Canada. Any improvement of its dent feelings tmder a mask of the bitterest bostilityEngland.:<»»rr!B?5*raf^«p>«^^- .^iwmiM "vm^ia jer^^ms? S!"" uy*^-/^ *- il .N -1 ^-TM- IX—NO. 2611.FROM EUROPE. THE AMEBICA AT BAIilFAX.An^dou SUte of tlte Italian AIXUCAS POLITICS IN EIIGIUID.lUlBE FIOH IKDU AHD CHINl.NEW-YORK, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 186aPRICE TWO CENTS. CALAMITOUS FIEE.leading^jn^lsMarine Hospitals. Adopted. journment and called the Ayes and Noes—a clear in- tion In the but House,broke ont in the basement of tenementboose,No.U2Elm-street TheinThe tea business owing to (he exorbitant rates de-ingthen rose and nominated in politics, going back to the flood for all hisassistance, and wringing their bands ia tks I mnstssadait*«d at QaceDstown at 2 A. H. of the 12th alt, and Aden, reports the campaign against the rebels in resolution of Inquiry whether the appropriation for cheeks ;;of thatka Benissu reached Southampton about the samen« atsanibip Bremt*, fiom New-Tork, arrived at Soaihampton early on the morning of the 14tb.but tist W. R. W. collesgne,Cobb,andalltheothermem- stories,andItIs that allsupposed tbey rmiilMj AcTHE ITAilAN QUESTION.Tke Direct of Lord Cowut'b mission to LondongestureInterlacingtheexcept Begum.It was said the Chinese had addressed a demand to Russia to evacuate all the country of the Amoor.being;highbasis, is desiroas that the whole of Europeaoold gi-ra Its formal assent to the principle. With Mr. Fiteb, of Indiana, on tbe Impending spect to the Senator from niinols, but because they loyal and impulsive nature.the upper portion of the building, and. It ia i suffocated a number of the occapaats hnthirfthjMs view, I«td Cowlxt was solicited to sound thefteUngs of the British Cabinet as to the adyUabUityof addressing a collective note to the Euro-pean Cabinets. In this note, an infractian of Bpeclal Dispatch to the Hew-Tork Times, fta principle of non-intervention was to be treatedrespected their principles. He defended the Northern Democracy from the charge of unsoundness preferredJosnoA Hill, of Georgia—one of the South-Ameri-can leadersCritis.—then rises to the nomination. opposeHe declares that his voteto-dayconfirmedwound, and finally rips up lu grand styleof allof small arras which have been made or purchased for these arguments with more propriety in his ownMonday next, for the trialthe different kindsthe Senator from Indiana. He might have usedmilitary service. One sergeant and ten privates are ordered from Fort Monroe to do the firing, under the supervisionanddirectionoftheBoard. Instruction! will be issued by the Secretary of War, as the trialState before the meeting of the late Democratic Con- vention.Mr. Fitch replied that the action of that Conven-tiona poisoned arrow, and with every laugh raised at his wit a vote falls off from the candidate whom he pre.tends to be supporting.CocHBASE and Hill reply on various points, but areor turn aside this luminous, mad after the fuss was overprogresses.Q.interrupt;From the Associated Press.may be presumed, to place who thosetwentycasesofCatawbaattheGovernor'sdis-Siaaa:^'«l'ihh^l"sop- a constitu-then rises and seconds thegentleman publican candidate.The members of the House to-day kept the Scr-geant-at-Arms busy by drawing their mileage and In the Diplomatic gallery. The ladles are evidently salary, the Speaker having yesterday signed a check in dudgeon—ipretae injuria formae—and confinea Southern Senator to-dayon the Treasury for a large amount of money.The Senate to-day, in Executive session, spiritedlynia, ne.xt rose on thereputation of his wealth could not secure audienceand yet had not the manliness to avtjw what theywished."Great numbersof New-Yorkers havebeen attractedNo. 3 was on fire. He then entered the sctaool'boasaand quieUy asked to see the principal, Ms. Danato whom he stated the Mr- Paitxesob, circimMJance.for moreconsider the vote by which, some weeks ago, FaAKcia ries and there is not an inch of —and ne was shouted dow-nwith cites ofBBAi) made some reference to Missouri Clabx's reso-debated,than two hours, the motion to re- rejected as Consul to Havre. The con-J. GicsD wasto' be seen on theonscholars, ofwhom there were 1,100 b^ttufcby confirmingthisfor ourIndignantandthesmoking-out" process which Clabi;The resolutions which Mr. D^vis introduced Into the Senate to-day are simply a collection of all the—— ruflianhm at Syracuse to0.f'Sf!i^fi^ir^< si.Bppolntmeat,^^eapartrequire lution, InevitableOtherwise, ho'.v- IssuesontheSlaveryquestionpresentingtheSouth- ever,theHouselooksjustasItdidyesterday—tliehis feet anecdoteofaconstituentwhohadfiredataturkey-ern side as the excitement as intense.atx>utsomeamendmenttoa beencaused adefectmtheebUui M byaffirmatively. Capt. Uabdineb, of thegalleries crowded,ha In with narrow aad badly rniisli la Hilihiiii sues. and but for the presence of mtod of fiie taadwrs no doubt a terrible catastrophe wotild bare taken ^aee. This school-house has beea on Cre fliree ttmas wiCfaiatwo years.IN A SASH A»B BLUIO »ACTO«T.The sash and blind factory of P. M. Wilsos, No."Mr. 8»feff^ Dcsxkecsv, proP'!*!"?!^ ??.^S2 WiLLAED'shotel,andiftheci.-clekeepsincreasingfor bundJngsinftjr<;ar.w!il.;h"«.°=SSi?i*iJJr5 a few days at Its present rate, full a quarter of the foondr:^ and were crushed "•-^tSg'XJ^tietft'aThe firstthe calendar was for the construct' on of a railroad toElm-ittcet JMtnfd.It IsNew-Jersey, will to-day be electedbut the the Engineer Corps, have been appointed a board to cioakeis continue to afsert that some hitch will b« assemble in tlie WaShlngton Arsenal on Monday next found In the machinery when tbe full ^esm-powsrinfantry,agreement has been aiade between France and Eng- Lieut. Tayiob, of the Cavalry, Lieut. Alxxahdxe, of ate bet against gooseberiles on tliis resultbeyond pursuit,height,land for the reciprocal import of English iron and coal, and French wines.position of the army being unchanged. AUSTRIA.anregarded of the same value as that of Christ ^^^^^l^f^f'ul^lT^^consideredpreliminarytoac-or a trial of all tbe different smaU arms that haveand have been mistaken In va-*• ""* Tetuan—themiUtary service,espec: allyo'clock were ex-SPAIN.^*'*" accounts the Spanish army was nearoeen made or purchased for thethey are to report In full to the War Department mmr.f.fi^'^*'^''^'^'^ °f ""« "ff'"' "f ">« services of thehas been applied. As to the Democrats, theycipltal, —more— thefeminine fortheSe fVnmiL*'^,""*'" S' f^ r»=rf,to''*P*'"' on the acenemyvote Is now being taken, and the first great sen- timore, who votes for Wk. PimnroTON. Hisses breakfromthegalleriesandarerepliedtowithfrom the Republican side of the floor. Wuttkb Davis himselfIsverypale,andwalksround'theaislesonthe left as if unable to keep his seat. Bcbhxit, of Ken tucky, moves that the galleries be cleared, but Suxx- A» interferes and quiet is restored.^exanf'"TM ihreatened Mexicanjoyous MicnAXLCentral. They,incompanywithaVolunteers,protectpeople—lawyers, merchants, Judge^:,poliliclacs. edi-perienced:Mr.WiLSoy, on stock,, niachtom-.a^ O*(Dem.,)11sbyti of a Jiepubiicas ortaoigaUoa*baye They (heUntitled DocumentPiue-UglyRepobUew,OftlWMr. Lahz, of Oregon, (DemAttorney-General- Republican President; and lastly, as) offered a resolution instructing the Committee on Naval Affairs to inquirecompromisewas theneffected,under aHuiTAZ, N. S., Thursday, Feb. 2.B>e Boy*] MaU steamship Ameriea, which left goods and yams were declining. Freights were ac- into the expediency of estabiUblng a naval station on tion was thereupon withdrawn, leaving the direct- cbaanels of philanthropic heresy.UMrpoolMr. ofDavis, Mississippi, (Dem.,)N. H. Sanm lookSt ax P. M. <rf the 14th ult, and Qtteeaa-Introduced a se- ries of resolutions relating to the c4>IIgstlons Imposedrose to his voU for explaintbe most exeltlBg a^iijt^Asrwomen and children could be seen« by tba i on the sidewalk, clustered at tbe wlndovs, Itowa the fcUowiug day, airived here at 1 o'clock thisflenwan.The Amtrica reports, Jan. 2S, passed ecrew steam- er JMkaAU, pattlns back to the Clyde with shall taoken, lat 47" W, long. S7° 23".PaKed In the Mersey, ships tliagat», outwardThomas B. is a Falstaffian gentleman, rather Jewishstairwayaway,aDdof, a^tp**- *HThe Calcutta Imports market was quiet. Cottontive.The Chinese were reported to be making greatPugefs Sound. Adopted.sion that ensned was ofand in aImports at Hong Kong and Canton were dull, and on tha States by the Constitution, the rights of the from the consideration of his friends. He thanked but on the whole handsome in facepeople in the Territories, etc. Mr. Davis said he of- fered these resolutions with the Intention of having a vote taken on them separately. He wonld be glad ifthey could be without debate and with unan- adoptedbnlty. Ordered to be printed, and made the special order for Wednesday at 1 P. M.and back ; a brown complexion ;eyesslightly sinisterIntroduced a bill appropriating a million acres of the public lands for the benefit of the free schools of the District ofMassachusetts, (Rep.,)ceived with rather uproarious enthusiasmacter in his irregular but decided features. He has creation.Columbia.Mr. FosTiK, of Connecticut, (Rep.,) introduced aGxoBos S. HocsTOK, ofdorses McClzbhabd handsomely—bis Hard Shell Bap-dark andNepaul as all over. The rebels have all surrendered the new Post-office at New-York Is now in force, and bilious his forehead at theMr. Bbowii'8 resolutions were taken up, and Mr.FnGH,joinlnghlmluhls vote. So much for the sen-theyi osfa atad os'tte;manship of the Committee on Territories. His views be speaks fluently, strongly, and to the pointsmall-pox,when he is asked to vote eitherfor a death for any of tbecreatuiei on tbewith a reservation. Northern Democrats sacrificedJaius C. McGniBX, the famous auctioneer and art- cadences, and talks as if be had taught rhetoric for firemen, the groans and shrieks of the doonel cna-s a canu belU. The British Cabinet, while express-ing its readiness to support the principle of non-in-terrention either at the Congress or ia its commuul- SpAuiBiBO led off in support of Col. Foajiii for Clerk- referred to Dicxnisox, Cass, Dodob, Joxis and others, sculptor would make by only using Ills thumb high-toned and moderate speech, well received on all Etituted a scene tragic enongh to make tlieslsvteatSouth against the prejudices of their own peo- Is a florid and powerful face, with deep, retreat-Labak T. Mcobx, of Kentucky, next rises to say that but It was found impossible to save the and boildias,<rf pledging itself without the consent ofBBttament to a coarse of policy which might possi-bly iavolTe hostilities. The feeling of tne Northern of feeling, It was agreed that no nomination should be raise a storm which would sweep the Northern at a nose and chin, but nothing finished—noth- contingency. He is a stout vigorous, rather dressy Platoons of Policemen were in atteadaaca, aad. Coorts gave rise to some fear that Europe would not made, but that the Republican vote should be cast for Democrats out of existence. He wished to be al- ing decisively marked out and rounded off. The and showy man, with a sh^ck of dark hair and beard, under the direction of Deputy-Superlnteadat Ca^ taMitly submit to so threatening an Intimatian, and Mr. FoxBXT. The same conclusion was come to as lowed to stand on ground congressional. He then re- nose merges Into the brow without any eyebrow frowning, dark and forcible, though not large, fea- pZ3tT£B, preserved order.pMribOityfence of the Colonel, and after a general expresrlonnowferred to Mr. Bbowr's resolutions. Every citizen's lines, and a pillar of throat joins the cheek, with tiues. He looks as if he might have some of thevUeh also implied the adoptioa oft» the independence of every State whichto Mr. Homun, Southernpossesses No understanding was bad as to Door-keeoer, New- ceded, and was opposed to the nomination of Mr. His voice isThe first floor was occupied on the sostb tfde br JoEK DxFBixs, as a grocery and liquor store. Loaaprinciples opposedOpposition,of Maryland.right to cany property into thrf territories he con- no whiskers or beard to act as a boundary for either.Pocahontas stock in his veins—ple.TheRepublicansendeavored to ing blue eyes, an oval contour, good attempts he, also, will vote for Mr. McCLEBKAan imder a certain at 11 o'clock the walls feltt-laimed that they were supportedPlatform. He thought these were points however on which Democrats might differ without feeling"Charleston but, accordmg to the rules governing former Conven- tions, It did not give him votes enough to secure his nomination. Did be then expect to transfer or sellthem to somebody else ?Mr. DocOLAs said the action of the recent Conven-tion showed that tbe Democrats of Indiana could not be bought.might;Adjourned till Monday.TEE FLOOR FROM TAB GALLERIES.;tarfttllruntil thisneither as the House di-was oa fire several tlmes.buttte aamss tbe flremso betsraMINOR CONFLAGRATIONS. m A SCHOOL-HOtrSI.Is a deceitand out of his mouth Issuethto see nor ears to rects him."jji;,''!!ifactory,could gain any headway.to their117 Prince-street, caught fire between 3 and 4 yesterday morning. The following lossesFrom Our Own Correspondent. Washisgtoh, Tuesday, Jan. 31. .bitterly criticised, and has done much to impress onOriginal DouglasmorningtoMuuos makes the point made by the Speaker of Par- evening actively canvassing and button-holeing dwellings by seveial bmllies, wanliament to Chablis the First of England, to wit : against a concentration of all the conservative ele- The aggrrgale loss on these two bD]ldin|ir Is aSfct That a Speaker Is not the controller, but a mere ments on a national candidate. In other words, they $3,000; partisUy insured. A burga ballpresent deep mystery,Ia bonnet to be seen on the floorrippleof satinas it fell.He isa strong and talented man, but one;enemies all beards from their ownby excludmg galle-standing dickey—sloping seats seDepigmentwire all dismissed without confusion, aad .1ka,]|>a-given,A laree hole was burnedamounts to about »300. The fireis*confidently expectedmarcho^vn funeral and the most with smiling facesnow acknowledged, and the indoraers of H blpxs willbeyond question have to roost low, henceforth andforever, on our political upas.trade on thisrious circlesPresident and Secretary of the National Democraticwhole rafi of ourconfidence of ahappy resurrection.As Col.—that bebythe CmcinnatIA JewishStruggle.off harmoniously.The conduct of the extreme Southern men to-day IsbeenVerily, the heart of manhadofSpeaker. ;.Applesthe marksman consoled himself wheieupon by saying:press'• Irepeatthat themiser-secretlywishingjudgeyour correspondent's accuracy.biggest Uai of a paracbote to let them down easy,inqnire into the expediency of repealing the Hospital been used In his own behalf, might have elected him. he somewhat recalls the familiar portraits of Lord had been tax on seamen, and abolishing the present systems of In reply to this, Bococz, of Virginia, asked for an ad- BTBoif. Asa speaker he bears the very first reputa-Mr. WiorAIL, of Texas, (D«m.,) gave notice of a timation that fillibustering would be commenced if heard him. His rote, to-day, is variously regarded;billforarailroadandtelegraphbetweentheAtlantic States and California.undueput In operation.Atheinevitableresultwere firstasbidforthe national men being now all in their places, and the adjourning mo-vote on the speakership next in order. Upon this Wm.anyattemptstohurryRepublican support to retain him In hisTbe next sensation was when Tbokas B. Flobbkcbbut graceful and handsome manner, withdrew his namethethe Democrats for their generous and Impromptu sup- port at the lame time expressing a hope that tbe Soath Americans would reciprocate the obligation in the same imgrodglng spirita Donglas Democrat TheH.JoBH A. McCuBHAim, of Illlnols—a nomination re- sitions, and with an objection to Noah, based on theJcHBIn the leries. Mr. RzAOAji Is a swarthy, middle-aged man, of choleric complexion, and with great force of char-short, black hairdeep-set eyes —;Alabama,andIn-occupants, bat were obllgad to sliiaim all hope of saving the poor cr eatores in tbe two afperinsured. On the north side it was ts»- anted by a faker, whose name It was Isspoaribia to I Brttlsk Cabinet having thus declined the pro- the prominent candidates. Capt. Daiusg has before unconstitutionality of his territorial doctrine. If the talks vigorously and with a polished affluence of dic- GioBGx Bbisgs in figure, Mr. Moobb rejoices in heavy learn. He also occupied the basement His loss IsI rigfat of forming alliances as It 1 at its own risk and peril.musical,browssuch as in his Ubcab,may thinkdtioiu to enter into any engagements having such |ilB]>ortant bearing, the question of an early meet-about $600unknown.The upper part was occupied oy about twenty fisaai-lies, of whom tbe following are all tbe fact* thatcould be learnedMr. Wise, with his family, consisting of bis wUaHe is followed Immediately by that silver-tongued finished. The telegraph must teU you the rest and the second floor. Mr. Wisx escaped, aad sae ditkl and subtle mischief-maker Euzbsoh Etexbidoe, who will tell it better. Let me remark, however, before three years old was rescued, with a leg l»sk» No^of the Congress is again revived.s Tima, in a leader on the Italian question, saysit, thus forfeiting the respect of enemies and the itspartisansense. He makes the best excuse he canwelt,as do all the and to Kentucky men, appearsproper,York being divided between Goonsow and DAauno,deep, pleasant,dark,war-paint, mightvelvet waistcoats, elaborate watch-chalns, and a free, bold, airy style of external ornamentation. He talks;filled the place with marked ability. Nothing was said as to Postmaster or Printer, except that it was understood these offices would be given to the West.South should nominate him the North would regardit as an admission that bis views were to — acceptable,Douolas at Charleston on account of the injustice andHetion : there Is little fancy in what he says, but a greatdeal of th'is in political knowledge, using expressionsympathy of friends. The doctrine of Squatter Sov- for not TheeditoroftheBoston£»willbeurgedbytheMas- ereigntymakeseveryterritorynon-elaveholding,—thesenseoftheHooseisfully agreedsitf tellnnl coarse pursued by Napolion. against Senator Douolas, but his guns proved to have that It was the duty of Congress, even if it1recog-had the power, to pass laws for the pro- beenchargedwithblankcar!ridges. Forhalfan tectionofonespeciesofpropertyintheterritories.than other American on the floor knows that female l)ctter any concluding,hour it was difficult to tell which side he would es-This would cause Congress to degenerate into a merexBisox, previously described,announcesthat "hav-alarmingextent—byIsaac Wbitx, with his wife and five cbUdtea^oeco-(ot aaiT*» regards the relations oft with the Holy See, bat aUo pouse. He then let down and got square on the Territorial Legislature. He held that Slavery was_tai refere&oe WIBMiae of bigland, which are coutin-protested In the territories by the common law. Tne territories could not exercise power belonging ta ato take tbe meanest of the crew." He then branches off into a vigorous and bitter support of the Popular Sovereignty men—praising Jildge DocolasWhitz escapedand— two of tlieir chlldiea" iiiiilii mriri Infhnirtfiaa])y InM. Tuuuxdu lit^ahUf Uig a pamplet in whichiThe man who would notto the Constitution and laws, had In Us hand the raw material of Johs Bbowk, and could only find ajBlJation on the other side of the Chamber. He had yet to learn that the Demociatic Party l>eIonged to one man from whomof what this or that law meant He did not believe the Party was yet prepared to go on its bended knee to this man. and ask him on what terms he will ac- cept the nomination. ^A'hen he put on his hat it didks advocates tte temporal rights of the Pope.It Js rmnondjhst a majodtir of the French Bishopsuneasy Northwest" Everywhere ttnough the South, he rapidly ^ipraichea.Ho^tsd, Ihalclaisaiahsre expressed.tbsmssifiiS r%a£l^ to launch teto the do so.HQBOOT. ate not very •eiknu. AmannamedFbakcisSixxo,-whosettmStfHiAHoiiT J. R. GissiNGS Is here, in attendance ne Unnert^HMUUjtt that the Bishop of Rome Senate Committee.DocaLAai and Acminlstration slaves against him ;—"aye, and evenpohHc, but Ttii^itiilsltstss to give the signal. Taassjji is a!dS& to publish a pamphlet in answer toptoclalms,tiiepeopleJudgeTHE ELECTION OF SPEAKER. M'CLZEKAND BEATEN THBOUOH PfiXSIDOfTIAL 15-—TRIGUK ALL KKW-TOEK IS WA8HIKGT0K.sent in France, also occupied a portion oMhs sseaalhe was rescued, badly tKuntaboBttbe oody and;n«The Paris correspondent of the Post reports thatthere, in April next, on the birthdayofthe Juage,Douglas platform.Mr. DoccLAB made only a few remarks in explana-tion, but it is understood he will make aply after all the Senators have spoken who desire toalsoaged 20 years, and Lotns, aged 11 years. Gsrats.Goy. DsNHisoii refuses to surrender Johh Bbows, who has been demanded as a witness before the same Committee.floorbancs, and was taktn to tbe Bospilal. .generalre-the" P. looks for consistency and McClxeband as an un- Gov.aged 17 years, was absent E*na,agedI87aan,«Dil scared, as not PACLnrx, aged 7 years, were nearly iiiffri ia>s< Thauponare forand none but the miserable postmastersState.conformhisactionand storm-w om wandererofthe Congressional main.it had received itsInterpretationpressibleenthusiasm whilewitnessingthatheroic,layingtheirrightone end to the window sillhe let ills wiiisshaved a muscular, bitter mouth his complexionnow risestemples,whether further legislation is necessary. Adopted. with a of hair down its centre his nose hav- bers of the Alabamatongueing a rather Milesian cock, and his whole appearancedelegation, except Cubbt and tbe firemen stood on tbe ladders, eoaU seaofMr. Fitch dlscaseed the territorial question. He likely to become heated under contradiction. His RoBXBT Mallobt of Kentucky-a radiant, gray-many women and children lying pfioor, stuToonded by the flames, wbidi laailinil aBFrch,Indiana, (Dem.,) qmke.suggesting a firm, not to say obstinate will, verytiment of Alabama on the position of Judge DocglasIFROM WASHINGTON.was, to resume the negotiations between England Republlcan Cancos In regard to Senators in displacing Mr. DouaiJj from the Chair- fall again, and so on to the end of the chapter. But Democrat or a Republican.them »— btelEectaaL The -"fthought the new doctrine of Popular Sovereignty a departure from the views of the founders of the (Jov- emment He defended the course of the Democraticis that ofstomach to the level of his chesthis and fingers,approachchiefraising his hands so clasped, from the pit of hishaired, middle-aged man, of the American school, declares that it is Uke choosing between typhus feverterance would rathersuggesta hollowpalate.have beenproudof. Somewhat likeready,Buxx,andbut its ut-and framed tmderthe made on Smith, but fulfilling agreementhave and weighthis Southern com- andDemocraticranks.againstpeers,;then letting themandvote for McCLBBBAxn, whenever his vote will electand It must havebaea laitaatas to the power of the people of the Territories, de-clared from Freeport to New-Orleans, were at v(-riance with the opinions of the great majority of ha' There is an air of the Jesuit in his dress and ges'.ure, upper lip, a high, rather bald forehead, and consider- the fire came In contact with this party. The action of the Senate was not from disre- hut he is his associates as a frank, able grim humor in hismatter is condensed, and exhibits great admirablyMr. Mallobt has a floridhazel Ro- eyes,as he will at Charleston- be,gal-groundyour correspondent has nevera firea doDMe lit WUij aiKi-seatshipresnltlBg from a Plug-Ugly nature, perverted Into thebakery,opstair-;secondly, as a bid for tbebald-headed and with patches of brown-grsy hair adhering to the sides; self- vigoroussiul a antedilavlsn researchcomplacency voice. He Is a man ofloud, ring-forof their despair. Some of themcase of squatter sovereignty, the constitu- infringingman features, aregarded by peculiar style brusque, terlal, it created a dense smoke, wfalcb i^*qit'in the avoldjuice ofjudgment unpleasant topics.shaved on theofconversational eloquence.HoBACS Mathabs, my Indian stripling, now showsfoes to the Constitution. He thought when they took made still more a of rather a for a and life. He has a conspicuous by huge tangle pledge long happy,hand a large quantity of hay and shavings, ihimself toby Mr. Ivxascir, and denounced the Republicans as Mr. Htu. Is a very marked man, with a large head for McClbbhakd Is not a donatio causa mortis, but stories, the scene was appalling In As iMyriads of sparks shot up into the air, eelipsiaf'ian oath to support the Constitution, they must do so brown hair bushing out on all sides. Very like fine bass voice, musical, but rather monotonous in its artificial exhibition of fireworks. "Hie sboata of HieWasuihgtoh, Thursday, Feb. 2.The Republican caucus to-day was full, and Mr. themselves in defence of Southern instltatlons. He critic of this city, Mr. Hill has just such a face as a many years in a school of observant pupils. It is a tares in tbe building, and the crackling iamai, eon-howtomaketheworse thebetterside. Eth- thatthefloorIsgood advantage.reached them. Whenttie fire had gaiaad theiinvadeding made up his mind to vote for a Democrat, he Is gallery, and every cor..er of the House is jammed. pied a portion of the second floor. Mr. and Mrsappearagainthonghany Diplomaticand half ifand rebel from the wholly prepared for the consunmiation wklch now so tw o last were taken to the butconquered unconquerable.GxoBGE BcBl>^EX a of tlie seeoad occupied portionHosDltaLMr. McCabiicx occupied a portios of tbe Bdrdlkioc(front) with his family, of a wife aad two consistingihould be elected President." In fact he tion of the third floor. I'he name could not be aaeer- pre. Speaker. Thereupon, loud cheers and hisses broke tained, and tbe only member of the fiunily tlkat coakiwhen he is nominated,even these will then discover that they have beenoiiginal Judge Douglas men from the start." Hav- The Rabbi did it to-day—Christianity, so far as the i but Sirs, Bobdme was badly burned. Sbawas tsaad ing made this wound sufliolenlly raw, he next pro- House is concerned, having proved a failure. At five nearly dead by Detective KsxFi, who took her is thsIt is a master piece of mischief—fierce, vehement andfull of lurid humor. feather of rhetoric Everyguides generalbmka out it is feared they all perished. Mr. "Waims, wttb his wife and two cnlidren, occupied a poctioaofthe third floor (back.) No particulars could oe learned of them, although a diligent search was ande aoMag thecrowdtoficdif anyoftbemwersrrsgarii Mr. Abmstboks, w iih his wife and chad, wera taaaBts aCa of the fourth floor. Nothing coidd bo iBOiiaa ofthat half- disunion In case3, precisely,Bbiogs, ofI-rig;phalanxsupportN«« '=°^^'^-^^ '!' "- "">=?^'',."">^-"*?TM'fpreferredwhich would otherwise have been given to the doc. trines for which war against Jodge Docolab has been proclaimed.These facts, it la said, will call for a fearful reckon, ing some day at tlie hands of these gentlemen's con- some treasure of thought in small coin, to be counted stltuendes. " Let not VVutrsBDAvisbe blamed,"saidorgan of the House, one who should have'*wen speedUy extinguished by tberthought his words and his mascu- precious, closing^—' Vote—Vote—Vote—Vote." Mooa-Pattxesoh Informedthe other teachersthem therewhole conservatories of violets and camelias to con had declared necessary. This brought Clabx—the Stbteeb, still limping from the effects of the Wood- ment fhe liS?sectionof political necessity and sacrifice.Dr.who hasthe heretofore-considered dismal man;Ex-Senator Schbll, i-adiantI!m the a—* -»•"-j—— — roof,and Clabk redeemed himselfbuzzard; not kllUng it, but breaking its wing. The:Tdcxeb,baUla^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069,««;by relatingthe" Well, there's one comfortnot killed, you'll have to roost low for the balance ofhaving a recogni;;ed political status here your life.'' The wisdom of Clabx's resolution is General Committee. They hive been doing a largein this business if ;you'reast>eforeNew-- York, gave the casting vote in this long struggle,healed old ulcer aboutWk. H. Sbwabd, Saluok P. Cuasz, or Chaslis Scm. and Wm. Pxssixotor was declared duly elected as famllv, consisting of eight persons, occopied a por-forciblechildren were all savedsents amongst his reasons for sustaining McClbe- from various sections of the galleries, and yoimg Mr. be found was a child 2 J* years of age—tllat was eon-ifABn every possible consideration which should in-HnibMAK, of Arkansas, attempted to make some im- prudent remarks, which were at once suppressed byveyed to No. 15 Howard-street. It is feared a psrtisn of the family were burned. Mr. DmcKs, with his wife and five children, occupied aportiun of the third floor.;Nevertheless,his eyes being verynottohe willopparSooRand Ote lamas abotway with great rapidity, and extUdad to tkanated In atheiqpst floors, which were oecnptod by twenty-teir (MMai^ The moment tbe alarm was gfTeBtteseaaatfaoirita-consent Sbebmah and Booocx thenadvanced As none of the family was seen after the fir-eto meet each other—shook hands, and paraded round the aisle to where their lucky competitor was seated. Bccoex shook Fx5NiKGTon'shand and some-the fire broke out. Mr. drew their swords and threw away the scabbards in posal. They then conducted the Speaker to the with bis two chUdten, and fpraising"thosenobleNorthwesternDemocrats,the Illinois campaign" bittergroansfromThomasB.Flobbnce,andmakes impressivesilenceasceitalDad,a4eiq|tata portion of the fourth floor. Nothing coiK be IssTnail ofthem. Mrs.Nobth,awidow,occnpleaarooaiea the filth flcor, and she was not seen after tiM alatati Wm. VorxL and bis wife Fbaacese occupied a portiaa of the fifth floor. Mr. Vom, on the dlscoray of tha The members were then called up to be sworn'In— fire, finding that he could not escape by the stairway hands threw a clothes-line out of tbe window aad tutnadafter which PiNDinaToR made an admirably conservative speech, declaring himself the Speaker of the w hole House and not of any sectionor faction.;byhe is. The of liim in a NiBOTON's to day, and that, -nith the arrival of Jas. A. part Their aggregate loss Is about $SM; aot h>- ix-n-aml-ink portrait given suied. The bmldmg, owned by Mr. Bl|>n. mme former letter, is thoitglit to be a much clearer and S-i-ALi.voRTit in a day or two, the Democrats could damaged about tsoOi insured. Mr. Bseas oaeetl^dnearer likeness, by many of his friends. The otlier elect a National candidate. a frame building in the rear as a carpealST 1 portraits, however. In the Congressional series, are It is know-n that the President labored to his utter- itwasdamaged about •»<); ajSUMOnt-;' good, and may be consulted with advantage by those most to defeat "the Illinois rebel," and also that story frame bollding. No. 148 Elm-fttia"ei. aW^irn^that the Southern Opposition would vote solid for tliat Eewabs Waeiko, ai d was damaged to the aztad.afstruggle which has terminated. Prominent to-daythe third;i:fl""?- in theIhad reachedwas and the firetaen txungnlshedMr t Mi'buin|^tobHllding extended four stories abore any of tkS sur-attemptsrounding stractnres,poorto have jumped from the roof, where a great saaay ofHadthem clustered.J. Acocstcs Pace and old-fashionedhouse is an stra^ntarttMifromourCityandStale. By-the-way,ths secondfloorofthese;theyuiiinjored.build^^^^ «JSS*^J^^ manufacturer of cahlnetww, ^HraB ^^tVard SchoolA<'«*?^0>» www.fultonhistory.com 