 +.*kftWS FROMTHEMTMtiAL CAPITAL.tins; ofCagfwr. icy, areIfl0ait• tionof ean to •publi-0 gifte,Rwdai Myw>ran wf •AryustffUhS*H Stephana, of Georgia, wal, it a ehortlydtoclosebispreferencetorBreekmrtdgeaadmootrocceasfoflyfortheAmericanpublic,andthevoice,namingthenumberofthepott.OnSaturdayatmost,tbecurtainwillriseaaddisclosetheamazingCaptain,crewaadcargoallsaved. athalfpasttwoo'clock.ft* mfvkttMiptoviiWtt teM b e w i i ; • enihiiaTyawafltant n» tor aa he baa power to da.gaai the tew to set retrosseetreeas eptotoxn.the close oT thaadmi- w T t o - e f — c i ,a toll owe, aithoagb Caagviae gave bite the He saga he aces soat the present tans. m raatnoe o r am.a Bitgare very attraetiTe prognaaaM, with adegree of improvement in theirhy of the week was Messrs. O'Brien andtost with tortyadjtagtoworkofonredenterhasBemoanat BfiaaAgaesRobertoonandMr.Bourcicaoitcom- 4rc&:ae wttl atoltoa dlBXiiaiJi of severalIUUXICAI. ansmawasmMr Breckinridge has fonaally acorpted the anminationTime—Duke Street. delightful ' i n to seefar the rraMdOncy H a letter will he psblnbed Toeatoy.Lion to-aaorrow sagas saetedos a i i r t t o f to aad aa ifrom rreaalent Burbananof its former popularity. " Columbus." one of Mr.Lord, bowA whole assembly worship thee -At once they sing, at once they pray; They bear of heaven, aad learn the way.ataoae peat.them was HOB. John Van Buren, Col. It. Corsoran, Major Nugent and Engineer £. K. Kirker, of tbe Sixty ninth reiriment: Major Halleck of the Ninth regiment: ex-Alder- man Adams, and E. B. Martin, ageat of tbe Norwich aad Worcestersteamboatline.A committee from the Eighth regiment, consisting of Major Went worth. Captain Kraaor, and Lieutenants John- son and Bnrrill vtetted tbe camp, waited on Colonel Lef ferts and tendered to his regimeat, through him, an es- cort on their retera to tha city. The kind offer wasmonths.Mr. McLane has had a violent attack of neuralgia, towhich he has been subject tor many years. There waa great alarm among ha numerous friends, who simply beardhewasill,testitmightbethetrnnato. BatIam happy to say be is perfectly well again, and it a under- stood'he a to embark to-day for a brief cruise in the sea air. |It a now said there are some prospects of a peace through the mediation of Mr. Pacheco. the new Spanish Minater. I'endoute. Certainly it would appear the I nited States Senate a resolved that American interven- tion shall not be made available to t h e country. Tbe European diplomatic corps at the capital will do their ut- most to carry out tbe policy of an American Senate. That is certain.We have now a new Minister of finance. one Mr Garay. from the ctty of Mexico.Intelligence.A very curious coincidence to connected with the death of the tote Madame Emilie Zufousky Kossuth, which took placoinBrooklynonthe2»thofJunelast Itseemsthattwo hwara toPbomixHall tonnight,most profound attention was paid to the eloquent sermon of the preacher.tmuance of caloric unknown to the oldest inhabitant, wo have been refreshed by tbe most glorious rams. Zounds! how it has rained. We expect to be refreshed in thism x jgBAtxr a s amc. xewsux. TheawmalvofEUaB.Schnabei,oTFtdiaderphm,i a d a a a a t M c Other frame quiet. Cteadfreagbtt steady, ax He aa Boar, Be m wheat, aad T W c o a earn to N>wwaa covered by regimental Saga and ornamented with an There wfil be a grand instrumental concert, with sash. About twenty minates before the hour appointedPATxzasos.—On Sunday, July 8. Saarm. Gsnasa, son Of Alexander and Mary Ann Patterson.The t'neuat of the family are respectfully mvitad to at tend tbe funeral, th»- (Monday) afternoon,at three o'clock from corner' Nineteenth street and Tenth avenue.Routtsxs —In Jersey City, on Saturday, July 7, Capua* WOXIAB T. RODBXBS. aged 05 years.The funeral will take pteee from tee First Pi eeliyln am church, Washington street, this (Monday; afternoon, at two o'clock.BXYXOUK>.—OB Sunday morning, July 8. h U x u E Rxr SOLDS, daughter of Dean Reynolds.The friends of tee family are respectfully invited te attend the funeral, this (Monday> afternoon, at tww o'clock.from the residence of her tether, No. Bte Bast Twenty-fourth street.RoeniGrvz —tan Sunday, July 8. R f r m wife of Mates C. Rodriguez, of Puerto Priaeipe. Cuba.The funeral will take place from No. S3 St. Mark's place, oc Wednesday afternoon, at two o'clockScKneraoav—On Saturday, July 7, Saxau ABULIA, daughter oTMr. A. G. Sundstrom. aged 8 months aad IS days.The friends of tbe family are respectfully invited to at tetdtorfuneral,tha(Monday)afternooe,attwooclack, from h»r parent's residence, 7b Greenwich avenue, wish-Tart.late M a a aIBM what, floor. 2,800floor, *.«*> bushel*', attired m uniform dress coats, white pants. nuajaecaoo, to the order they proceed to the nanhigh and the bay rough, readeriag it dangerous to ap-proach tbe ebere. When about half way hstwoan theyacht and the beach a heavy breaker struck the boat,which was capsized, tbe occupanto of which immediatelydaappeared from n e w Tbe accident was witnessed frontthe beach by a large crowd of persona, among whom thegreatest excitement prevailed. No awnnn by wham toa burlesque, "The Tycoon," watchat Laura Eeene's on Moaday, finely totality, aad the troops wore to thefrom every part of craa- the waves of thesoperMy mounted, aria accepted aa a sue - by the pablic. Hat piece increases is fhvor withtheaudience,aadaeeou likelytohamanex-Dortog aport wo of the eoaatog awot of front of the Coioaelokeys.a tyre, and every quiveringwith the divtoast mask Under hto its hands and sings.sad Warded grate give forthat soarne playsd.tohemodoa Sunday tended run. It wUl be acted every night Lbi* week. The baas, who had been is active practice ofmusic tor several day* preview, assisted the menced their mrirtes cTodSeua- at the WinterGarden choir, aad the two worked aososmdaawy together.on Monday, playing in "Jessie Broom" op to Fri- day, when "lie Colleen Bawn" was prodaced toAfter the rehearsal the troops retained to their tents and wailed away the evening in repartee. soUtora tete^-matchWe shall see.Baca:The reiativea end friends of Urn family i invited to attend the funeralnoon, at four o'clock.week, with the farce of "The Eton Boy,-' in which Man Polly Marshall,Mr. Davidge aadMr. A. H. Davenport will play. Mr. Broughams farewell be-the sentinel that be bad not called him. but adding that he (U>e sentinel) had heard the voice trom another direc- tion. The services of Cant. Xurnbuil. of the Eighth pre-length wept copiously over the iniquities of t h a invinci-hto esattion is retard to the Presidency Be ds- nefit n set down for Saturday, when the popular cinct police, and who is now temporarily attached to the camp, and a watch was set to discover the source from comedianwillreceivearegular ovation. whence the mysterious yoke came, so annoying to the corporal of the guard. In a tow minutes the gallant At Wallack's theatre to-night Mr.Florence will Captain beard a voice from the direction of a toil produce Mr. John Brougham'a latest work, called cedar tree to the centre of the camp, aad on reaching it discovered two soldiers perching on its *TheGreatlantern,"aadsaidtobeacleverhitatlimbs. Thefallows;foundtheyweretreed. TheycameDuring the day the camp was visited by upwards ofthree thousand persons. Among the most observable of manner reguiarry every night tor tbe next two or threethe recent Japanese excitement. Two farces will down at the captain's request were locked op to theCen. Bowman of the r«*ufttettea, roaoitod mainly Abe netiaanay of awhaahwJ before the Covode^aaa. Buaft* fan aeLXtawhrnsBX 'a^aaWawawUi exeSWaensHt feted* i J a t f a b p a l u i f i rtfi* successful season (the first of the theatre) on Sa- call, after that they were dtomissed. - Many of the troops It was hoped by many that Lieutenant General Scottbe given in addition to the burlesque, in which Mr.guard tent until Sunday morning, when they wore re- primanded by the Ooiooei.and Mrs. Florence Both appear.The day was nry one on Sunday.to the amb-wettone given to Gov. Walter whwa the latter The New Bowery management closed a very turned out promptly aad answered to the company roll promptly accepted.ajiwanj Gesssral BXack, to apassaai of Bowman. rrtotiTSAt reveille the menljmforis spacious, clean, well ordered andcleverly man-aad B6B7*, a* 6 S 7 «, air. H. Penmen, Mr. W. R. Floyd, Mr. J. E. Nsgie, Miss M. Partington and others. A ju- venile company will appear here in •Cinderella" on Tuesday.George Christy's Minstrels, at Kioto's Saloon, give " The Statue Lover'farce this week, in addi- tion to a strong concert programme.The Bryants, at Mechanics" Hall, are drawing crowded houses to witness their highly colored ver- sion of the f Scene at Farnborough."privates Simonaon and Molt. Their tent furniture, although of not a very expensive kind, yet the style of its arranges such aa to have a easy appearance. We marat other tenia elegantly Bated ap, hat will merely y toot the one occupied by Captain Price is the asotesBp. excepting the Cokaml's.The principal event an Sunday was the religious ser-in the large mess tent. Tbe long rows of in that spacious pavilion were covered white cloths for the occasion, for the occupancv of the coagregation. Tbe table used tor the Bald andthe celebrant wbo should or CoaamtomrySergeant Choi man, a temporary puipit was erected. aad i:forty-three—the figures being but transpositions of each other. •".the testimony ofrepaired to the sandy beach in proximity to the camp and turday, The house will be closed mis week and indulged in swimming m the surf. After this the renovated. The new season wUl be commenced welcome sound of '- Peas upon a trencher," or the call for bienkfast was sounded, the troops mustered ea matte, without arms or equipmeats, on the parade ground, aad in regular order morched to break- fast. Six o'clock is rather aa early hour for many of the members of the Seventh to sat breakfast, but the rules . The old Bowery is closed for the present. It of camp discipline most be observed, although it seemed wiO be opened oa next Saturday evening for a rather onerous at first. The advantages of early rising aud exercae soon show tbe mom beneiciai effects on MecomplimentarybenefittoMr.RobertJohnston,re- physiologicalconditionofthosewboliveinconformitywould vait tbe encampment someume daring tha week: but ia answer to the invitation aent to him, he returned the following frank answer:—WasT Poorr, July 7,1S60. Dsas ^ni—Being temporarily lame, I pray you will pardon me for itastlniiig the invitation of visiting your regiment at states Island, which has done me honor to call its camp of instruction by my name, and I have long honored the noble corps. Its well earned title of National Guard, at Richmond. Boston, Washington.and on frequent occasions at home, where. I do not' think it too much to sly,tbeyhavebeaninstrumentalinupholdingtowandatoLJahjT,y b t e . , * ! H Inext Monday under the best auspices. The theatreia M M tor extra. Watokey dail at ITi. agedbeforeand behindthecurtain. bo ion Mew York, July 7—« P. M Itoar oatlie. Wheat arm aad iawawawl lc. a Br.. *iSt0'* aSIOBtorNo.2 m toare. Ooradmliandorder, and protecti tg the lives aad the property of every in 1SS1 Madame Zulousky. with two sisters, Mesdamfscitteen, even in the last resort. I cannot but admire tbe Meszlenyi and Ruttkai. arrived in this city and went intohigh moral tone, steady valor aad discipline of the the toes aad embroidery business. In tbe spring of 1854_ X c a l c _ aaha UaBBB hwaheto a t * * * : . Oato cently one of its managers. with nature's laws.CampScott, on Sunday, was todeed a model, well worthyawlTlof several popular artists, including Mr. G. tenia, occupied by the Third company, are noticed the tent occupied by Corporals Owan aad H. a Wolfe aadnarrows.—On Saturday. July 7, of dropsy to the breia, Auea E.. youngest child of William L. and Mary Mintonce, aged J years, 5 months aad St days.The Chevalier Wikoff arrived to town yesterday fromWashington, and a stay tog at the St. Oena Hotel. It to invited to attend the funeral, from tee neiiieaur of herThe regular theatrical season at Barnum's Mu- Of imitation tor others of our military organiza-Seventh regiment of New York Volunteers.Col. BL 1.smarm. WINFHCLD SCOTT. General Hell vlU TISH the encampment oa Wednesday,sadwillbereceivedwiththehonorsdoeaterank.Tbe Zouave Callate, of Chiago, shortly expected to ar-rive in tha city, will visit the camp on Friday next.The States Island ferry beats connect every hoar withtbe trains on the Staten Island Railroad, which within a abort datonce of the camp.CterjrAcrmaarr TO a Baamc Paarr aim Nsannw Escape,—seum will be closed to-day, with a benefitforthevery enteient stage manager, Mr. E. F.Taylor. An"apple pie order." They wore swept iotoaad saaaaoanwJ artaticaUy arranged laproperorder,sadweobserved that the occuasnte of some of the tents indulged to the luxury of carpets,Madame Messtoayi fell a victim to consumption, and diedon the 2&lh of June, in the same year, at her residence,106 Ninth street, in t h a city, ft a a singular coinci- dencethatbothsistersdiedonthesamedayofthemouth,and there a atoo something remarkable in the agea atwhich they died—one being thirty four and the other street.other entertainments, at the Palace Garden this cresting....eeveral baadred feet distant They were preceded on their arrival there by a large number of ladies from Havana papers that the Tacon will be under new the nesyhborhood at the camp and many from thai city management next season. Among the engage- who went down specially for the purpose of participating in Ui* relapous services. At ten minutes b.fore elev-n mentsaretheseofMr.Gottschalkaschtfd\>tvhes- O'clocktheregimentworeseated in the large teat andere aad Ferri. the baritone. the utmost daaatwm aad quit mesa waa observed.The Rev. Bar. S. H Wanton, the pastor of St. John s The statementinsome of the city papers that Epacopal church, has endeared himself to the regiment i of the former clab at Camden, aad n a u l l i l to "Miss Laura Keene has been playing at the Hay- from the fact that be participated with them in the Monroe obseqoKS at Richmond. and preached to them at market"isnottrue. Therunningpieceatthat otheratoms,sothatthereverendgentlemana considered theatre, playing during the whole of last month, an integral part of their organisation, and it was few the unanimous request of the regiment that he visited Camprnibatototua aad Hawaii:, N. 9., was played amhowever, those in the yacht who had witnessed the acci- dent to their comrades. cut their anchor rope and. at great peril ef being driven ashore, succeeded ia apprcocheng near the spot whore the men were found still struggling for life. With considerable difficulty they were rescued, though in an evhnnoted and half unconscious state.that unless an toeraaOad demaad eprings up t h a month. manufacturers will shut down after the 1st of August, and only make up ordered work. Tbe work now being executed a of bettor quality than ia former vears. an J if t h a system a continued, the buamess. if not Urge, will soon become, to the extent which the demand goes, more profitable. It a a great mistake for any manufacturers or mechanics to be seduced toto putting pwr work on theheeryeasyvictorytortherajtodevpatens,bytorn tcgodowu. Tha waaa return match, which had prrr Cram howas "The family Secret,"withMissAmySedg- Scott.to cricket to the City of Brotbarty Lore.• kmgpoaeessed a highto cricketing aretes, aad they aatxjaatod aa eaay rJctory the Fhfla-Tax WALTON MananrsTKAOSDT—&swam>raa van AXRSBZwick in the principal part. MissJulia Daly, the The Ipiscopaitoo service was the order of the day. or not Assasso;.—Nothing important in connection with market. Good aad durable work to the only kind whichMovinxsTSOFAarnm.—Itis announcedbytheth. L. I., has entirely recovered his health.on him." Men yearn to know more of the hereafter.Tenth street, E D. Mr. 0. Hanah beteg the Best tofinish h a aMutfeaa, got on shore, made a hasty toilet,aad then raa away with ail bit friends etothtog, includinga gold watch. Mr. Hurlbert, on returning to terra Sresa,penditures for ordinary euppart. So.098 68, estates* o r e r expenditures, St,13* 04.Delaware raaeaea t-oowrv. CLAM lei. Jciv 7. lson.67, 40. 42, 68. 73, 7, 50, 17, 39, 46. 37. 4. GKABO Cuaaaiiiiuii Lartsav. CLASS 32,Jvur 7, teat. 3», 63, 13, 18, 61, 22, 9i 36, 6», 16, 73, 11.the ham to an?wal at thaOa Saturday sight Camp Scott waspretty goad evidence of their vocal abilities by singinglost breathing canvass* But even h a mighty imagi->pasaa-fssj F awso«aa taato Ws^R^BBaHasfl SBSBBW^BBBST ssaeafl aassal •WSsjPat Guadalajara, and the liberal General,bUltoanwassnwd,andthebeneficiarywfltawMMon to Urnregular Museum corps, the tables, portable gas fixtures, ke. In the southerly row ofto the ThaAll earth is nature's vast cathedra., through whose tofty roia ever a choral tide of son*. But briefly and v. eye and ear bath toiled us. It m left to iaagtoa- ttoa to conceive of Heaven, and what marvels has not tha wonderful Sanity achieved^ What wonders have audience. Mr, Manrcitanlt's letea, chess playing 4c. Others of musical tastes gave Ktsaot conceived, aad artists delineated, upon thamake them fight. Btitt, as Cgaaaa it w about fifty pieces, huge aad small, thof Myles seemed especially to must Save ahort, for it baa not nedeflta, Governor ef the State of Colrma, hi dead, of < toe popular melodies of the day. catered into tbe heart of man the things whicb God has wounds received on tec fatal Bath of May.please 1ne audience, the appiaase being hearty and There waa quite a scene in camp on Saturday night, prepared Ibr them that love him. Brethren, into Che en Tbe Spanish brigand CoboS a now ravaging tbe lowerfrequent. "The Colleen Bawn "will be given to- which resulted m a good practical joke at the expense of joymest of that priceless legacy have our sainted dead al- part of the Slate of Oaxaca, and it is hinted that he may Livmgstoa pteee.the corporal of the guard. Th<« paste in the cordon night far the farewell benefit of Mr. Bourciosult, ofseotmete are numbered from one to ten. and whenever aa occaakm which should be duly honored. Daring those on guard have anything to communicate to the cor- the pant six years Mr. Bourcicaoit has catered poral of the guard, who asually keeps his station at the extreme part of the camp, they hallo, at tha top of theirready entered. They have passed behind the^curtam and make an attempt to take MinatiUan—watch would not be BBasam.--On rday evening. JeJy 7, f may be sweetly looking down upon us to-day. How much difficult to do and: thus secure at least one port for the s o u r , daughter of Richard C aad Carrie A.dition, was wrecked on the 13th on the bar of Tuspan. he will «ke so atttre part to the Plwtt metropolisespecially. Hisclaimsshouldberecog- night, whan the camp waa comparatively quiet, a voice scene. Then perteb earth and welcome Heaven. , The schooner Emily Keith, which was to have sailed forpan Lis. No. 49V Second avenue, t h a (Monday)waa beard calling tor the corporal of the guard, and speci- nised by a bumper house. fymg a numasi. The corporal of the guard, post baste, AtNiblo'sGardenMr.Nixonhasgiventhepub-repaared to the numberdesignated,buttohat aatoBJjshmoot discovered that his services were licamoatagreeableentertainment,whichincludesnot needed, aad more surprised to hear knee of the erran cements which had been to progress burlesque, ballet, concert and fitrce, together with the sentinel, whose post number bad been catted, assure him m the moat earnest manner that he did not call for hit services. The corporal returned to the guard tent, several hundred feet distant, but bad barely reached there whan the aame shrill voice again hallooed for ingly successful, and "Pocahontas" has lost none the 'corporal of the guard,' naming at the aame time the number of the post at the extreme cod of the camp. The corporal had no alternative Brougham s best works, is on the bills for this hot tb go whither the voice bad directed him, but oa reaching the post he received the assurance ofBut remember there a one priceless condition annexed to t h e priceless heritage. It a only for those who loveNew Orleans on the 17th. hat been detained by tbe Cus-tom House on a charge of Smuggling silver dollars nototuurA. —OL Sunday, July fi, of m A.aged SO yean.Her friend.- and retotivee are respectfully Invited to at- tendherfuneral,tbto(Maatoy)afteraooa,attbroee'etook without further notice, at No. S7 Itoialin street,Gmacn.—Sodden!..oaSunday,JulyS,ofapaptoxj, JAMB* B. Graacn, aged 46 years aad S moat'Tbe retotivee and friends ef tee family are i tend tbe funeral, on Tuesday afternoon, at o'clock, without fuwher invitationHAKTsrsTT —Oa Saturday, July 7, JOBASAU the beloved wu*e of Edmund Harteeti, of the Mallow, county of Cork, Iretead.The frtends of the family are respectfully invited to at- tend the funeral, without further Invitation, from her tote residence. No. s« • a a e v e l t Street, this tMonday) af- ternoon, at two o'clock.HALAHAS —<» Saturday. July 7, the wife of Dana* Baiahan, aged 28 years.The friends and acquaintances are respectfully to attend the funeral, from her toteEast Thirteenth Street, tha (Monday)o'clock.lawns —On Sabbath evening, July 8, at Hoboken, hUav A«>5fc>. daughter of Robert aad Rachel Irwin, aged 2 years and l month.Noticeoftbefuneralto-morrow.E>AFV —On Saturday,July 7, Jaaxsnaa L. Kjurr .iathe 60th year of his ageHis friends and those of bis family are invited to attend h a funeral, from Ids late residence, No 38 Seventh ave- nue on Tuesday afternoon, at three o'clock.LA.YS.—At Lake Mabopac, ea Saturday morning, July 7, Mrs. A \ N Ar I.ISTA. wife of George W. Lane, in the 38th year of her age.The relatives and friends of the family are invited to attend her funeral, tha (Monday) afternoon, at three o'clock, from the Madaoo square Presbyterian church, (Dr. Adams') corner Twenty-fourth street sad Madaoa avenue.LTXCB—On Sunday. Jury 8. MAROASXT. the beloved wife of Owen Lynch, in the 26th year of bar age.The friends of tbe family are respectfully iavited to at- tend tbe funeral, from 488 Third avenue, tea (Meaday) afternoon, U oae o clock, without farther aottoe.LAX*.—Onthesinofaeventhmonth,frriKBSTS,wife of Stephen H Lane, aged s7 years.The funeral will take place at Friends' Meeting House, Chappaqua, on third day, July 10, at 11 A M.The friends and aaassstoasaeas of the family are request- edtoattendthefuneral,tha (Monday)afternoon, at two o'clock, from the residence of her Barents, No, 18 SixthtodiysnaouneesWilliamH.' and proprietor. Mr. Bowman baring, toGod.Havewethatlove? Thereisoneinfallibletest. boardwithoutpaymentoftheexportduty.YourgenuineThey are the words of Jesus Christ. "If ye love me, Yankee skipper has a constitutional aversion to Customkeepmycommandments."HearthewordsoftheHoly Houses,abhorsexportduties,aodpositively-'rilesaame time, towtoatoaaa to him ail ha proprmtory tnto- xeat in that jswraai-cool promenades and concomitant ices. Mr. John Brougham's farewell engagement has been exceed-up" when you make him pay for the privilege of carry ing off his- own mooev. Depend upon it Brother Jonathan is sound an the '•free trade question " sad ia restive under any of the odious restraints of tariffs, pas- senger acts, breaking up of the nigger business, ex.. ax.. and be would like, particularly these dull times, to have a little honest privateering to do. Just say tee word aad Yankee Doodle a ready for anything wherein hard knocks are to be exchanged aad dollars bagged.I am happy to inform you that Jupiter Ftavrue has atfor religious services the regiment laoaodwaa on the pa the shore. The wind at tbe time was veryAmerican eomedienne, was soil at the Mr.Wanesreadthelitanyandtheroominglessons,after thehuemurdersuitheEighteenthwardtranspiredyester- which the regimen is 1 choir, wbo had been supplied with day. The police searched Charles JeBerd*s trunk, at the Olympic, London, at the last accounts. prayer aad hymn books, sang the chants. Before tha Unam Hotel. Brooklyn. but were unable todtooovor any-Mr. Gayier'a play, "Our Female Ameri- sermon the entire congregation sang the hymn, with ex thing bearing against the accused. An old coat, said topays well in tbe long run. The total shipments by railandseaofbootsandshoes from Boston,duringtbepastweek, have been 5.523 cases, agatost 8,334 m the corres-cellent aarmoay. accompanied bymustc from the hand, Cousin," had reached its fiftieth conse- cummencing—have bten worn by Charles ea the night of the murder, was seized by the ami nrs aad carried to tbto cay. Tbe reward of S5O0 offered for the arrest of tbe aaaaeam seems to have had a satutorv eflect. and already the detectives are wafting day aad night on the cose.pondmg week last year; and etoce tbe 1st of January out further invitation.296.347 cases, agasast 36©MS, m the same time last year VAJV WACKSZS —In this ctty. on Sunday, July 8, MAST £.. wd'e of George Vim Wagenen, and only daughter afcutive night. It is understood that Man Char- lotte Coahman's present visit to the United States hi not of a professional character. There will, un- doubtedly, he a large attendance of artiste at the ask onTuesdaynext ofthe lateMr. Burton'sveryUrns Old Hundred. With one consent let all the earthTo Sod their cheerful votosa raise. Glad homage pay. with awful aurth.Aad atog before Him ssegs of praise.Tbe reverend speaker then arose aad » i d —awxovxn Btoanaaa—We have met ben tha iswroiag inT aaxsKB or Govxexaxar Bcszuca.—On Monday, fth instant, those employed in the Pennon bureau, in Wash- ingtoa, are to remove to their ate quarters in the fourth storv of Winder's building to the north wing of the Patent OOee, which has tost been completed and comWm. T and Mar; Mogcr. aged 2Z years. X maatrti and 14 days.Tbe retotivee and ft tends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from her tote resateasr. ll» West Sixteenth street (toto 9»*. tha (Monday i afteraooa,the teased field to worship Almightv God. We are happy wardrobe aad MS. plays. The collection to see so many present—happy thai yon remember that to aa extensive and curious one, aad many of the toorth ooaanwsidsaent we have just read happy that the secular soldier has not forgotten that he is atoo aaoaater of the great cuaoadiao will beglad to have of Carat, and that he baa promised to tight manfullyclerks connected with tbto department of tbe govern- crew of harbor pottae beat No. a, found a drowned man ment, and they will occupy twaatr ro use ten on thenesaelle pier 6, East river, yesterday morning. They first and ten on tbe second floors. The rooms of the commis-Yasf ZASTIT.—In Brooklyn. E. P.. on Saturday. July T, Moan* GBUBXSU. VA* Zaaee, aged 9 years aad » months.Tbe relatives and friends of the family are reepectfuliy invited to attend the funeral, from the iseidcaoii ef h a mother, No. 2 Bowron place, Lee avenue, tha (1afteraaoa, at foar o'cteok. Hto lematas wdl ha in tbe Cemetery of Mount Olivet.TA» AasDAia—On Saturday July 7, waV of David Van gradate, aged Of yeesai The relatives and friends of tbe Senary ilawited te attend the fosaral. frost her toto rosideaoe. Bo. 202. Rivington street, tha (Monday) afternoon, atontoofhim. A Boston paperstatesthata person, resident in that city, has informed Mr. John Brougham, Trustee of the Dramatic Fund,the world aad the devil. In thatto dwell not always upon the disasters »A Brano* Hocss T raauac Bows.—The toUtog ef por- building. Ihe officers of tbe lighthouse Board have also been transferred from tee third story of Winder's budd-of defeat, but also en the rewards of victory. Let as, then, tha morning meditate oa the goodness of that if two gentlemen will subscribe an equal nam, God bv considering the text found to the First Coria-l a x Hcerxr CHOP —Although not so much thought of assome others, the honey crop a a uite an important one mmany localities. The Ohio farmer, of June S3, says theprospect of a good honey crop Is no; favorable- she bees Sao o'clock. have not filled then' cells generally, and very few swarmshe will give the third part of ten thousand dollars. ManoiBf Inez Fabbri has returned to town fromBat as it m written eyo bath not seen nor ear heard, tear havesntered into the heart of man the thingshave begun storing in the boxes. It seems that the usual reaources ef honey have faded ibis season.a successful engagement at Boston. She is en- which God hath prepared for them that love him. gaged at the Academy next season. Mme.Cortesi. "But as it is written. • St. Paul here alludes to tbe foltowtog passage to Isaiah, whs eassaa to have toot as more ,Ferri, Snami aad other about heaven than all the Prophets besides:—•'For since are in aad about New York. the lag tilling of the world men have not heard nor per- ceived by the ear, neither hath the eye seas, oh God, be- who has been rusticating sides thee, what he has prospered for him that waitethAreensr Paaoo EasamaaL—The following are tbe figures for the month of Jane:—Contract earnings, »r,4so) mis- Charles Hurlbert, went to bathe at tea toot of North cellaneous earnings, S3S4 SI: total. *7.b30 St totai-ex-A DVZRTKE FOB THE SPANISH TEADE.EX MOTICTOiiOTMC BTXTA TOBX.POPC1AB SPAsOSM AMKBICAM PAPSJt.GREAT EDmo.*- THIS WEEX.FOB FAS AMA SESAMES WBDKESDAYFOB HAT ANA BTBAJEEE TBTBSDAT.AJ)TgP.TISIX*NT.- TRAJWLATSD FSHB,NOTJCB IX EDITORIAL COUfStNB.•BST MSTalCM FOR ADVEETMttSC.pint miAA to ttOUCTTKDiAnud all the carea of life there is ever the deep, myste-With Mrs. Williams, he will commence the mil rious undertow, solemn aa the tor off votoe of soaan. that to cover his nakedness After waiting a short time on thee Winter Garden, succeed- seems to call to us from the eternal world. The ami, un- shore, a beaevoient female dacovered htoeasy aad confined, expatis toe on that world to cane, but and accommodated him with a Skirt, which enableding the Ravels, who follow Mr. Bourcicaoit. in vote {do we aaeatton the sacred oracles. Revetetem to reach hto home sad clothe hteassef inMr. Edwin Booth has finished a moat sne- has spoken to time post, but for eighteen centuries has been dumb as tbe grave. The BtMe with its loftiest re-tonr. He is to be mar- vealing* give* as bat fiuut Bsaeegsteoa of Heaven. It .as-habilmwtnto, after which be preferred a aosaatetet of grand larceny against his fellow bather, who waa yester- day lamsarmg h a toadafsi for practical jokes m one of tbe cells of the Fifth precmct station boose.A TTnasvsvsp IOOLVDUBV —A man named Michael PickerwasarrestedaaSaturday,torthreateningtoset fire to the premaes of Mr. John Fitch, on National ave-FRAMCS. BROADBBirTBA.ix)., WOmtogtea, Delaware.sures us there a such a place, but of the aatore of ourMileteonr iftrr sossh. See rtieiantn of the home where Usmtherwonhisearlylaurels. Snowoardepartedones,whattbeyaredoing,thinking,ried shortly, and will subsequently make theries.—WOODDTiiaDTerms moderate.OSVe to Asof Europe, and wiB no doubt appear uponCLAW «7, 36, H, 37, 6. 14, 68, DBLAWAIS Otam N<3K,J«.T7,inn.67, 63, 26, 26, 66.AVATIOSAI.FACLT-DTTTTl.IttSWT Kssaara ttau, to use a taaei"satoaoa «f tbe Caaod Stotoe "gobrought to a close." The sfflur to savaTtaWe Lola Monte*, who *killed by some of the papers, is apaily coavateocing. TheCooper EnglishOperais at fiatBtohop was at St. Louis, and the Draytons at Albas * God aad live, anonly are vouchsafed of wtf ess aa those tonging, we know as little aa the unborn babe. There a » doubt wisdom to that, tor should tbe revelation beFamiliarviduala peculiar daily toll, it a peace; to the f th*,»!are brougbt to the light of day by employed to give tee a phase of sala-wFtofito, ttoo Havttar.could they teach so that we do not know of the inestima- ble treasures that await as hereafter These riches may be ours if we will To some of as in a few months or yearsreactionary 'The little American steamer Wave, which acted so pro-aged g months and 10 days.Tbe retotivee aad fi toads of the family are iinvited to attend the funeral,Severalproceeded to States Island, in the yacht WUd Wave, for the purpose of witnessing the afternoon parade jf the Seventh regiment at Camp Scott, and, while endeavoring to eflect a landing near tbe camp grounds, met with a serious seci dent, whicb very nearly resulted fatally. It appears that three of the party embarked m the aame boat, leaving the yacht at anchor, and put off forsaid he embarks for Europe at the end of tbe week on some apectol service for the government.Among the company at tbe United States Hotel, Atlantic dry\ are Right Rev. Atonzo Potter, Chief Justice Lewry, Hon. Anthony Kennedy. United States Senator from Mary- tend, «ad Hon. Simon Cameron, of Pennsylvania.The Rev. Philip Berry, of Hackensack. who was oae of the few surT ivors rescued from the ill fated Austria, was married on Monday, the Sd mat., at Hoboken, N. J , to Maa Magdalene Luce, of Bremen, Germany.Our leading antotesre leaving town for tber usual sum mer trips. Durand has gone ate tbe woods of Westers New York with h a portfolio, Hart has gone to the White Mountains of New Hampshire, Phillips to Niagara to S a a b soaae head sketches, end Geo. Incuse a sight seeking is the valley of the Connecticut.Dosneattr Sews fit anaTax Boss axn 8aox Tainr. or Bosros—Tha trade con tinties very dull, though manufacturers have smaller stocksparents, No. 60 Vanderbilt avenue, between Park aad Flushing avenues, Brsoklyn, tbto (htesday) afternoon, at two o'clock.MCCAIVBXT—On Sunday, July *, Jama, s m of Charles aad Jane McCaffrey, aged 20 years.membersof theBrooklynY achtOtabyesterdayB e smites theGhost. "Ressed are they that do his commandments, that they may have a right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city."The services chned by tbe singing of the hymn by the whole congregatan. commencing—The religions services was a perfect success. Theunited congregation assisted in the singing and the ble city. After a moat tremendous drought and a conreader assistance was at band, and for a time it seemedthat tbe men were tost beyond recovery. At tha point. than usual at tha season, and prices are firm. It a statedminent a part in tbe capture ef tbe Harm filibuster expe-Tamv tpm>*xtD.—Coxswam Smiley. and the boat's forubiy fitted ap for the bureau. There are about sevent v at three o clock.left him at Whitehall slip. The Coroner was notified.c i t y News.sioner and chief clerk , which see opposite each other, have been taatefully aad elegantly arranged. The Census Bureau will likewise occupy rooms in t h a end of tbetions of the ceiling of the Fifth precmct staiton bouse to of almost daily noaiureace, Oa Saturday tost about twenty feet of the"ptostering fell upon the head of ofiker Wm. Gusehard, injurmg h a s rather severely. The budd- ing is in an unsafe condition, and unlaw ssstoShteg a dose soon, we fear it will tumble down, aoryiag tbe doomed Metropolylces heaeath its ruins.A PSCCIUBXT Pwarrrrrre Pwmictasn—On Saturday afternoon two young men named Jan. 0. Hanah aading to suitable apartaawui to the Treasury extensionwas very much easaarassed. not having even an umbrella7 MSB.orchestra and attachis of the How- we might be btosted by ex&ss of light. Lazarus nue. Greeapoint. He was locked up for aramiantton 67. 77. 75, 20. 36,16. 4,65, 33,52,8,44), 11,12. and loafiiea, in lae rated <toapaaeh ofhavetenderedacompu- couldinodoubthavewhaperedthesecretseftheeternal bat he did not. T ooSaviour could have enlightened te the manager. Mr. E. L. Daven- aa during tbe forty days He walked oa earth after H aHaass Bi-ai.i-<KT.—OnSaturdayafternoon a house situated en Graham avenue, between Btohordaon Meeker avenues. E D , was entered by means of aCirculars#eatfreeofeaarge.by ettesrto WOOD XDDT A i l ) . Dataware,Or to WOOD, KDOT Aj CO., as, Lsato.cauoa. its funcuoae betoa < sod a warn of evils watte turn Csaatol Oto tatha seekia <v tbe pure." Prtocipalit, «. T.A T rTEEDELfS-WEDDOfa CAEDB. ''XL S M tee araage Msaasm Eavetawi cards. A*. So. a n Broadway soraar of ]i "a slight acknowledgment of his energy team nation, hot was silent. Peter only hints to us bow key aad robbed of money aad jewelry to tbe value of baspiritwasemployed,whilehabodyrestedinthewmb.wingi <Davi,atas amanager, his honorable conduct asagentle- aad tor ate thousand years countless pilgrims have bean about tltfl The bouse was occupied by two families. eo.awMch boo sliding, one hy ana, to then- mysterious home, aad suaeJohn C. Ztogar aad Chratton Frank. From Zinsser's 1i i|| |smale saw) in mooev. a gate watch aad some other articles were taken. Mr.' Frank lost SlSOsad two silver watches. Several psasoas wore to the yard of the house at the time the robbery was coaaeaitted, and shortly be- fore tts dtooovery M m Franks saw two young aaaa leavewho were asatoabeedry tbe thieves on Sat. aadajfevoateg onVer Jnhaayin, of the Fifth precinct police. arrested two young s » a o i susnieam of rrasoawtteg the They wera test toaaliaoit by ana. Frank aaCLAM STT! JOLTJT,30. 64. 27, 61. 6, 20. 46, 60, 75, 57, 68, 24Prizes cashed at tee Oi'oadway .JChwma r> east free HOlAiBB. DA Vte A CO.«ybut wereananed Rudolph Wolf by hto1 Cumiisaaf Mir• "Untitled Documentnaowato waste he was warktog for Lett haanwawIk,in fine Straw Hats.10.083 diu»f rum aucaou.OataMianLABxnv —On Sunday. July 8, Euan LABXXS, daughter of John C. and Joianna Larkm, aged 3 years and 0 moatbs-The relatives and friends of the family are respectfullyThe friends of the family arerespect fully invited t o at-tend tbe funeral,from No. Ids Elm street.afternoon,at twoo'ekwk.t h a (Monday; - •- » i •Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 