 ,Bourbon fer saleNos. 38 and 37 Broad-stMDLFOBD.pleofUivtfTiQqdMtaaeton •17,may,ALFRED MUmtOE & 0«FOB PBXVKNTISa THE EXPLOSION OF 8IXAIC BOdESS.The only reliable laTentlaB to the warli» that U inU-DA\ oftMt it ^_-ii- 'S^Ky^sss^^2**v*vatftm ptsoaoe of Qnoeritis Coanoiioaa, to rWMHilliiM pnaelplm naWaa k^ a^braur Soarea-ise. It is a ea Su,itisal4.a4^ _ ^., Jmrn-yKin 1*dent or Ua CaMaat to ton ns what oar datv is. I ae-tlonof aele«MattT«,'«iatattM -lal IMtataffer- penaea of tbe eoTammenkTHE NEWS PROM EUROPBl IBIIYAL OF THIS EVEOPA'8 MIILS.Caot VHoKaoaldther oaoeietaiid tU SoqabR^ acoiMtl Ionpeal Ibat legialailnn tMt.'DMaUssatd that the Supreme Court had de-but whenever that party oe- -coMea tecnant to lu time-honored prinoiplei, the 'wili abancon it. Whanerer the Union ceases t j be astated that the Supreme Court of New-York had ceitified thatxuile** taa rac (imile •< PERKINS, New-Tork, U on the ontaidekope Of the country;Massachusetts, (Rep.,)We haveSillc KlasUe Knee. Stooklags.g«calneBold by DrngglBti throughout Ihe worH.ahandcn the hope that this might yet be done, I desire ao divided flag for the Democracy. I do notSupreme Court be authorized and requested to ap- point a Connsellor-at-Law to lake testimony In theJune,the seceding delegations adjourned to meet at Rich-House, or vhetherVime rejoinder will no: first oe re- quired on the parr of her Majesty's Goverhment. wita le&tiect to tbe occupation of the Island of SLmade. ^^^^^___LYON'S KAeNBnc PILLS,Exterminate Mlei and Vermin. Rats, aliiShips, Ac, cleared by contract. BARNES k PAKClwish to depie:»te the po-^erof the Senator, or takeAom him any of that confidence wtiicti he feels la tnelarge aia>v at bis bac^ I prefer his banner should lieIn It* f ilki'n Joids to feed the moth. But if im^jatient reached tefore the Coiirt, etc. to have It uafurled la opposition to ours, tuen. Sir,mond on the second Monday of the same mjnth.On this state o* tacts tbe patb seems open for tlieSweet May hBs Ceme.—We will plant our own on every hllL ItshallwaveovertheAtlantic,andwelcome the riiiag sin, and shall receive the last embrace oftnere with orders ard shoes, all styit-s and iirices. atMILLEKv CO.'S. No. Gs7 Canal St.^a-permaneDt cure of this dlitresstog camplatot, aaa FENDT'Sfreelylet it float.W«ltoiw be auHiadtrof the Govemmeat^Ta^uaoCcJpAa WKf be bad at <be desk. In vmiMia'aM^recognizebrethrenprooeedlngt of tbe Convention recently assem-Mr. Dawxs, ofufford,of principles as "would effectually obviate miscon- c^AStltatiacalone—whenever tt becomes pcwerlt-bs theywereunable,forwantoftime,totaketestimony stiuctionand secure the baimontousactloaior the for tbaptirpons 'Or which it was estahlished,—then in the contested Election cue of Wiluimsob against party, and that it was only because of these intlma- vill tUT find thegiKlTei oaUlde of its coofiaei. tioDs tbat tbe delegsttons of tbe remaining Demo- There was time to reconcile the dissensions Si(xus, as requiied by order of tbe House. He then cratic states consented to join in the ballots whichtreaty. ment,andthereis someHo. aMewbttkTToar rale I am eat- /Mrflrrtnwtlhme. Bat.Witboet ooncladlsK the mittee race ad the i&aeaCom-! LATEST ^ POUNOIAL WWmt^fj)f (pUr.ettaaptiag to eret^aasubject, bontnrer, tbe adjouiMd.C««TiKio«-r;mEp„^¥t Pw»• 8«b- ators and BeeraieataUves. It is allowlag tne Presi-Wnibetoaad TBOBEflmov~i^9KtU -^ <IA£S.ce4e to tba BzeoallTe brandhThe En« «f SeeessicB. ADDU8S TO IB« HATIOBAL DnCOOBMTr.fofasalBBt. Frloa4e««ta. •*> "wppeataa^.For a*«*"V*'W'*'* ** >«M«m*»»«t«<^ -T|Tffl~I~ till, t-na.ei B» Iw nrlvwod U kam tta letioii of tlia Co» of hU foneUoDS. But when it comes to voting The nnderaigned, membere of the Nationsi Demo-<iillu>ii of 1M8, lan jaa IM, mad dMUed ttiat tt measure, wu on aof him no more me how I shaU vote than or Wasaaver [ as the at can tell me how to vote la thisDetails and Extracts. maila by the Buropa, which arrived at Boa'e»mKsmcuu. AmrmB.'nstM,l»l—iHr) »y »!«<<< 4>«» to daily to ConyCT* ttaa ea be TicUta juDlMt prn^Miy «b tbe us or luo, la tba <dit toIs of tellme,andindependent he hasParty, suH>ortora of Ita and prinol^aa.PTOLIBSZO AT « VeuOOS P.or olMKbcre. He that tae expUlaeaI oara to toU him that he shall recommend, wketber be shaU sign or ve'o a bill.aerre the unimpairedbefen lightTanltoflfipl«tftna ptmkQBs ireeogslxaii tte rl«lu of the peo-efficiency of ita organlxar Hon, desire to join in ceunsel with their Demo-cratieTheeveniBg.preaented French Legislattve body. It Increases thethe aAee aad bjr tfi tbe New ta NEW BCK»:t».the qaeitloaof Slkr- «MjMr ea(M to form a State OoTcniount. aaaa^tifci a. If u wu decided by tae Kaasae-Me-tbe President, be he who beaa of my party, thheinterest in ow Ales trnproving tbe Mary has beenfraMonaftikaaght and aotlanin theperfo.-mancoVtafmm vn» biwIbWkm aa«8nBmarClathias, ftreitbeT men or Inys, areln-I am aseradcdeeply anxious, t^ proinotlsg its harmony, topre-Chamber, ihen I dis^ia'^ebiwfca btll that tbs people of tke Temtoriaa reignty or that State vitrei sent me here. Republics bled at Chsrlestea have developed a divergence ofway,II II ii , ..^.^^ir,-.-ii .'aad- ait fhe pomr o( a oreraln Siate. are nominal and a sham anless tlie representatives of opinion between the delegations of the different jilui^.yl^ tSm^ be decided by the Supreme tbe people iuid of the States are-a> indnpendeot otthe Slates in relation to tbe thenumber of Vice Admlrale to twelve, and that ol Rear-Admlrals to twenty-four.The sbipowers of Dieppe areEmperor, praying him to maintaia the diffarentiatprinciples which form baslaof onrUnton. The National Democratic Plat, te hIk the Biatiac to Iha dacMimoI tbe Supreme the Democratic organtzailon, or ever was. I apbeal fbtm adopted at Cincinnati In 1856 met tbe cordial...1«Is all tha emhasMiar la JMakhe>oad eompeilaonThlsaeoooatof tbaKladoa t« la /avaaAa wark maatattathe United StateiT-tfiMtatelTtnem 1 do nottherefore, to tbe impeachment that I am outside ofboAIds!EiecuUvB as he is ofplead guilty,Cenn, while he eoateadat this test aa a Presidential edict, to the Qimoi of allwho believe these United StatesIJMafor this S purpose.^J^^JfS'.S?'^iiself—the Natlesal Con-Imported Into FrancoinABHCROFT k CO., Ko. Mwm what niw^tlfd jm aanawar Soranignty" which set upparty Judging bywhat their yery nameI am imparta,a union of Stales equal,Jotan-st., VeirTorlc.jneammrtfam a.tt*leiitiDt'iaisnaantvention.theirtest,Inside,thedebate, whichthatttwafenttrelfoinder from<»'«*• Temtorleef Tae Council of theapptrrraltobe,dntiea on articles ships. TheMarseilles same stepa,and every man whe is wiUlag to fight un- sovereign and endowed in all respects with equtlder the old flag of 1852 Is laslde with me. rights. This approval was based on what seemsd toMr. BousLis axiilaliied that he had alwaye de- Sveryman wbo demands no new test is Inside, ahd us to be the plain meaning of the rasolatloaa-em-adopUngIr«i Werk (larat Elgto'a Mlmlaa li IMnniau Ma4Ma«as>of^w«i» cases only where "Squat-Flai/orm and try to break up the be- orgsnizaiioecause tbe party will not now abandon ita time-of law wools, cottons, and other raw materials. Theninstntioaa. Sro, Maslto,-gaagOncotsh,toe/projeothas reason to think that the new Tariffm.if p',|fmeat earUaa imd lapal"tive Body, attentively lasted lour days, onof tha "Baaaiaa Shores oftoe Bla~-''gMuBBMDl*,a< .Inthe easea| gL'1"esnldbeproperlyused. Itmany yeats. the party, The Demoera'tic org'"'"tioB wawtha only one competent to pretenre the UnKq, and he who aonght to break it up laokedmanifestly right, ;will coBMA lettor from Romeerevrrr & VAXILTmade tosiaaanaisttteaetienof the J^'ogitive SslMai<i«itatlra,avrotoM lh» Seaator boa Ililnols Tote 10 re-aong Goveisment. Re (Dououa) was willlag to grant all lon with this msjortly, conspicuous amongst whom- strations against the Austrian CSovemment..PablisbedbyBAJtPER k BROTHERS, rraakUa-Sqaaia, Vav-Taakonly those arebolters andseceders, wno reject thebraced In that Platform.Daring the four years, however, which have, sincelistonftgto tbebafldint pnrpoeea, guaaJhctored atJAUS JAOXBON k BB»THEB'S Vna Weikai iStb-at.honored principles and takelovedwne f^Tstiimale«o up uni/oroay rejecied for soconstruction deemed byit hasThe Senator 60mbut wanted it to wtth him.us sotroveited by many members of eur partyIscoa-wuibea Msity, Oecense the General Oarers- 4 tv act. When the OoTeinment didiitbortal soTeretgoty ocaied.^A tlieinstaii en Ileal points here easaed betweenJ(t>JUTis and Mr. (khmus. ^ „ ^ iCBatB asked, If tne Senator was electad Presl- deai, wheHMr be wouM sign a bUl passed by Con-IttTss to proieet property la me Territories.Mr. Dsoeua said that It would be tliaeenongi) to answer that question when he got in the place re-ferrsdte.Mr. tiATig said that lis would not praei the geatie-BiaatoaBswerqaestloosthaiOe did not Uke to an-Mr. Dana than aAed If a Territorial LegUIatore The Senator of Mlsalsslpid talked of nothing the very basis of the Conladeracy. Many delegatest^^^ • >wltb on the Mr. complacencyt* prove tbat, for tbe present, he has no desire to recover theearea toNa. IM Folton-st.. BTOoklyn. note,aader tha af gaUaaaeHisslst-lppl agreeprinciples are supposed to find countenance in thatTBE BEST IN USE.Hs.«af BroUwar, New-Tork. totereating.the SoQth had no to a to which right to object platformwhose preservation its permanent existence depends. What is (he history of the recent CoaventlOD atCharleston T Berenteen States,YoungbelongingtoBathe.Wo. 338 BBOAD WAT, cor.sbe agreed in 1856, and expressed the belief that tbe people of the cotton States would aot sustain the coarse of the He next refer-,seceding delegates. redtotbeDredScottdecision,towhichhesaidnoaforming majoratyThe Ofinione Natianols mentions a maior that Car- dinal AiMBiLU baa regained bis old ascendancyA IHeelcInalone In tbedid not settle theereignty, which never was thought of when the case was argued before the Supreme Court.wliole, to avoid the pasilliluty ofasitisalmosttmpoulbletontpBreBaarhea'WbiakTaid as It Is prescribed se maok by physicians fur soaar- ons(»mtilalnte,wehaTesecuredtheageoerforthecoK saki.at andatarticle, in bottles, of the Rentocky Halt River Bonrbsa S.moda,• hisky Distllleriea, whlok are toe oMest and mMt ex- curious an d entertototogtensive to the Stote. It la pat np by toe distiller him- a remarkable madner toe (lowing aceoaato ft i self wito his name on eich bottle and comes direct t* civiliialioo03 fram the distllleriea We can guarantee to the pob- Koenpfer to Goloimtoparty objected; questionwotded asOen. LAnouoiiu possibly be dismissed at a moment's noUce.Mr.Anaiyt.but protectlan, as though tnat wast..;e sole end ef the from the remaining stxtoen States eoneumd in opta-patriotSzxCEBiii, the objecttieing»-j-^-niiuii»y*ii-and the sove- degrade, -^^lax lATxn am max t"i"*i AW MCon ii««i4»»Iftc y<tt>4twk tlmtt^j^ftt^^_|R«8 18, 18091those which Intervened, It has become painfully apparent that thebut he cantended that ttof territorial sov- ptinctplea soover and tbe{Fope)thatmay veryfor the to make demon-Ollphant's deacriptieas of what be Jeddo arc to IItbronghovtthe United States.tabojan.No. HTRioadPlatform— in our subversive of4,000Iprinciples, judgment,the true theory of the-Croremment, and of the Con-tends to limit the force to and wishes 20,000,< traveler, tbe maaners and eastaaMef OM 1ofDovoiiAS then went into an argument to show that stitution to which oar Union owes'' its blrtb, and ondissolutionthe Union.ipirea not more oniike Iha isat ft tba watfAl are contrasU one to anotoar.—I wdsw AdIof the adopted wlln remarkable unanimity a platform ofWhiaky.miscoiiStractioQ— principlesdeemed axioms politicalby all wbo uphold the equal rights of tha States aiHis given by aU prevtonsinstead of liowha boy this brand ot whlakr, toat toey aramt bnvtogsplrltsand drugs labeled PAre OM Barbaa.,Ju;. cided that matter. Neither a State nor a Territory referred to the action of the Natianal Conventloa toral Totos which can oe relied on wtth al^lute cer- being conciliatory, acting great arrogance, when TOU purchase ha sore to leoa tn Mr. S. T. SuR's,Sootk'oouid not be held responiiole for esiablishlng asked to define " The Squatter Sovereignty."pudiated by a majority of the Democratic State dsle- comprised deficiency,bers bad Deen given to Mr, Gohh by the prisoner on/*Splendid gloss. Nwabbi'g. Solli nothing.nwrtinm nf thn iTsnssi Mil The terms of that billtrouble."! 1! !but were delegates from Pennsylvania and fiew-Jersev. could go no further. He explained that he had only The Stoles which adopted this platform give elec-The new Govemor-Geceral ofis withthe protecUon that the Ckinstltatioajustified,Hungary,,.that other7.toe distiller's, name.Sold by eTerydmgglst to this and snrrounjtog clUea.BEOkMAN £00., ChemiaUanddragguits, Noa. 161,3D9,Slland 761! BroAdway. New-York.OBiee of the DIatUleries. where the whaleiale trade only can be anppUed, bo. St Old-illp.Shiita Made te Order. A perfect fit warranted to every case.;law, giving Slavery to Kansiu, but could not re- by the organization, they cannot be called cer- and a resolution was adopted in Its stead simply re- dum of the deficiency. The next witnesses were Mr. en-lane. BEU.M. TKAOI, Agenc rItaablullara.ry at toe phrases moat needed la«oaU latotlen with the rendition of slaves. Mo legls- because the Senator bad first alluded to the tainty in favor of Democratic nominees, and well- and giving great offence to the Hungaiiaus.confidence is entenatned of a like result In Tbe examination of Puixuass, me Union Bank de. Mr. Dath said thai the Senator had Totad for the regular organization. He then alluded to the Sena- Pensa>lvanta and New-Jersey. These seventeen faulter, was resumed on the id Inst., at the Itansioa act to repeal certain aols passed by the Pro-Slavery tor's charge that the majority report was presented by States, united with Pennsylvania, alone comprise a House. Mr. Wk. Gohm, cashier of the Bank, de-lattoB waai therefon, neeessuy.subject, and defended the seceders against the groundedZiCgislalare of KaiuasiMr. I>ooeL«ssaiathathehad voted to change theagaiiieaet.Mr. DaviB said that he thonght he had shown thatset enteen certain Democratic States, and the minor- majority of the entire electoral vote of the United onJ9* Sent by mail, poftigapra-ptU,aa f«Mi|l«f.aip price.THB BKST BmOPBAM CHIIVC ,~Price Onefor vbich sum it will be sent by mail to aay paitaf ttb'-April 12, on balancing the tills ol the Democratic vote, and argued to show that this state- the combined opposition of all the remaining States. casbleti, be found there was £390 deficient. Theity report by sixteen that could not give a certaia Stotes. able to elect tbe Democratic nominees against posed (hatment was fallacious. Tne North gave Piisci more votes than the So Hth. The North was always rrue, except when they had to fight the battles of theThis platform was deliberately rejected by a com- biratlon composed 01 a small fraction of the dele, gates from the 17 Democratic States and a very Urgeprisoner told him tbat he had had tbe money out on miscellaneous billj, and gave the number of the notesEvery traveler sboald aeciire.withaatfhlI,aeaiV.V NORTON'S HANDBOOK TO EUBOPET^no« JMerrentiOM, as proclaimed by the Senator, wasa shadowy and unsubstantial thing, dependent on-cireaBstances. Tney cooid repeal the oM French Soulb. If the Soutnem States will not stand majoiity of tne delegates of tbe remaining 16 States of wnlch toat $3iO consisted, and also a memoran- At Not. eiandss WUllam-st .one door north of Maid- and ocmplete tour throaghi Europe aogctlpeal ihe old Mexican laiv prohibiting it In New- tain. This struggle camr from the Senatorial cau- affirming the principles of the Cincinnati platform, Jahks SuLnoR and Mr. RoBxar Jobubtoh, members ofAfexico. lie then referred to the debates in m20, cus. If Senators would attend to their business and without explanation or interpretation ef its alipated the Stuck To one of tnem had Bany'a Trteapherena Exchange. piisouer Is toelUosttated wito a correct BAILWAT KAP.wkca Mr. Macos said tbsi the true policy was noa- let the Convention alone, the party would be united. meaning. This was done with the openly-avowed pain i:iSO en the iiith of April, and 10 toe otner £^04 BEST AKD CHEAPEST ARTICLElatarvention, bet fad meant in tbe at)eence of hostile He argued that the pauing of these resolutions would purpose of enabling the Democratic Party to wage on the same day. Two clerks from different baukiug Far DRESSING. BKADTIF7I«a,CLEAeriMG,0nBL- Cnited ttates. AddressDollar,ieglalacoBi, nothing more. The Badger amendment not frighten tbe Cunvention at Baltimore. He did oalile with s^-me chance of success in certain North-CHARLES B. MOBTON, Ageat far TlkimlimIrvtngBnadlagi.Nwr.Te»te KBUOrAbtoe Temtoiles the not a;sail anvbody ;to the houses pioved that the notes pild in by Mr. SasL- IVG, PKK8ERVING, AND RBSTOKIBia THE HalR. people non and Mr. BaaToa bore the same numtiers as tne Ladies, try it. For aale by all dnigglsta and p«faasrs.was to asenre genuemen that inohtFmschlawshouldnotberevived,andtheyofthe Mr.BccBAHAirWISnotattaclilnghim. Hehadbeen aaitsdoctrinesprinciplesopenlyandexpresslyre- notes inthe andwhichnum--he only defended himself. ern and Western States by Quotingpet^leSlavary. Sonthero men do not wish Congress to es- of Oregon had been left by the Government to sat up gatioss, and by a majority approaching unanimity of tbe 12tn ApriL Mr. Baaion, a clerk in tne UnionPerrr'n Jaimneie BOOT ASD SHOE POLISH.tahUshSlavery InthaTerrttorlea, but they claim the a government for themselves, Caieouk called thisthe Democratic electoral votes of the Union.The delegations of eight States, together with aWe have removed omr"peefle ot the Territories is complete, wtiere does was the prohibition of Slavery. They had the same portion of that of Delaware, faithful adherents of our the the iSSO wasSSRKo. 44T Bnimaest.. tme door west of Broadway.Tigkt to go there and be protected, if the right of theSquatter One of the laws of Oregon Soverelgaty."olBank England. On the authority 01 a docket inBold everywhere. jAFA?fPOLlsff09.,Instacd Murray-street toCottgresa get the right to question tbe Lecompton authority now in Dacotah and Nevada. If the South Cosatltatioii, or 10 compel the laws of the Territories are opposed to this, why do they not bring in bills toto be snhmitted to Congress ? If the right of the peo- correct It. It was for tbeids of Ike Territories is complete, how can the Sena- SuvereUnty that he contended. He didtor kito lUlnola propoea to repeal the organic act of to Mr. YAtirsT. He then reviewed t» Mr. Yahcst's because, In the language of a distinguished delegate,VtkhT Was he (Davu) wrong in supposing hitprisoner's handwritingand WOKTB-BC. eoavleto afOoDoiaa') descriptions of the evils in Kansas as a de- 'uponatock.course, and declared that an intervention platform was a disunion platform.they felt " that it was a burning imputatloureplyanyaxsisucisAsnoui-Booa aaoips taxxb.Kaaaas. Sontham men were charged with dls :urblng downtheboo'a of Bombastes. Hethe karmnsy of the Democratic Party by Introducing the Cotton States would stand firm. All that they opposite interpretations by its own advocates."th« pteeeat isane, and he soppmed this was insisted wanted was a reeoguitlon that slaves are property We carmot refrain from expressing our admiration--•- - --.^. - - - Also, aaaod stock of pl4~"~ ke.oa with mora force because tt was sought to deny and as such entitled toHe contended and approval of this lofir manifestation of adherenceICE L7TTUT0H, late a cleik to the Union was Bank,toen placed by the side ot Pclunqu in the dock, and boto we/e arraigned upon a charge of stealing £3,000. Mr. Ltwis, by the wish of Pduihois, appeared forWilcox & Qlbbs' BewinR-Machlae. " "—^THE BKST IN THE WOBI*.thaas tkeir rights. He vehemently denied that Sou th- atprotection.that there must be a distinct andto principle, rising superior to allconsiderationsIs a public Iwuelaotloa. iSostm JYanscnpt. "Isof looking ainciy at a>y Tenttory." Ail that they asked was was rickety break it down. What they wanted was with a alntr e eye to the defence of the constltutionai. prefrntoentlyadaptedtotamilyiise.—inif./oar.length-arm mtm daalrcd to force—In tne cant language used— cal declaratlcn in to this. It *' regardunequivo-the platform expeolency,to all trammels ofparty,andPrice M. Mo. Methai ttera shoold be no diicrlinination agaiost any apaelal property owned by any dttzen. Sovereigntyhonest men on athat the resolutions were Intended to effect the actionrights of the States.The delegalions of other Democratic States, how-Ltttlstof. FtiLLiKsu pleaded guiltyiLttti.itosHeaxMad only in the ^tes of the United States, and of the Baltimore Convention. He then referred to ever, (including a few delegates from the secedingWheeler & WII«ob>* Bewlas Maoklae.They are the favorites for families.—2\mes.We thesi tbr ase.—IViitine. prefer familyOffice Ho. laf Broadway, New-Tork.l^adlee' Dreae and Roaette Trl«inlaga»KOSBTTKa, OIMPS^BAIDS,At LOCKITT, SON it CO.'S.No. 2S1 FultoD-at,, XrooUyn.Saperlor Dress SUrto to Order*A perfect fit gnaraateed, atUNION ADAtfS'.No. «J7 Breadway.JohnB.BnahamrOVMB-STBDNS eBAND AND SQUARE PIASOS.a> the Leeompton Censtltuiion, had placed ( oatctde of the Democratic Party, and in directcorrespond- ence wito toe Umted states on tbat suhject upon tae toble of toe Huute. Tne honorable genUeinaa ac- companied his question wito a few remarks whichPHYSICIAN,farther argued that the Dred Scott decision journed..is it matter of that in a so unex- surprise conjuncturepected and anomalous, when, in the enunciation of Democratic principles, the voice of Virginia was overborne by that of Obio, and Louisiana and Arkan- sas were forced to succumb to Vermont andwere notplain entirely what the honorable gentleman calls theIfayatved more than a mere question of meum maA tmmm. It decided the Issue which now existed batwcea the Senator and the Democratic Party In &vai ot the South. He (DouaiAS) wat pursuing a znan ignu/atuiu, and he could hare no apprehension •boatdlstDiblngtheNorthwest. Inconclusion,Mr.ustill dcacl^ att&r&ed to the ezlstli>s forin of GoTem- m*at. axHl cIobk to Ibe Democratic Party as tlie best_lu toe gallery.DiTO Itld till MtBitBglppiUiUloni of bcttlei are mMlast, which was refused by the American Gavern. Onre Trues with saccess, to effecting cares of Herala Stntet. It is an old asd wall-tried remedy.In 18il, Mlaisso,We made atnrf retr It Om claiaito tbe Aaaae orBapture. I.a<3ieavmitedapoahyafemaleinnriyat* PBIC£ONLV2aCEXTQABO'good,good platform.deniedwas and the Lord told him that he discharged, Mayorwould leave the Court with a character as unstained'J The Saa Juait DIlBcnlty.In the House of Commons, on the 3d inst., Ur.S. FiTzoEKALS asked the Secretarr of State for For-eign Affairs whether he was prepareH to give any ia-ta* latter eonld not tnusfer it to the people or a Ter-iltatjr. Mr. Davia then went into a history of the-Chaaa ameBdment to the Coxpromiie bill, and theate vpsA it, to show that Mr. Docolas recognized itaa tfea «aty of a Terniarlal Leglsutore to protectalaniatowni in tbe Terntorlea, and that Mr. Doos-JJg aa(> Mr. CiAT voted in opposition to each othervftm the Tattoos queatlonx'sabmltted at that time,and Mt together, as Hr. Docslab had represented. much acconrt. Then If the fight is against Die man, nimity of principle In the delegations of the only Mr. Datb further contended that Mr. Douolas, by hisaa when he entered it.the Southern League, and said that he dirt not believe that any member ot It out of Alabama, and there were not a bundrtd there, that had confided in the strength of the Union.States,! not less 'aithful in devotion to principles, were more hopeful of obtaining f^om their brethren some satisfactory recognition of sound prtoclples, and decided on remaining In tbe Conventiou after dis- tinctly declaring, however, their determination also to withdraw u their just expectations should be dis- appointed.Money retamed If aot aaseeaatal, br PARE,New-York. SoldferdraggialBi!Mr, DocoLAs—Convention, that had declared that the Federal Ofl|. cers of Illinois did not belong to the Democratic Par- ty. Tbe Senator sajs that the Platform is not ofIt was notho,but the Charlestonwhy not sav so ? Why press abstract resolutions !States on which absolute reliance can be placed for Democratic electoral votes, while there existed di- versity of opinion as to tbe line of policy best calcu-HAS A SOOTHING STBUP FORTEETBCHra,which greatly IhelUtotes toe tt pnoeaasortealng toe gams asd redaelBg aU allayailpato,sadissuretoragulalathe pend upon it. mothers, it will gtva rest taand rallefaad health to roar lakmtL Parlmlip' all cases.lie (DoDOLASj hadoppasUoa to a Democratic Administration, He when, after an Executive Session, tlie Senate ad- lated to secure the triumph 01 those principles. Norin self defence.The subject was then postooned until to-morrow,Housetookarecesstill2o'clock,,only spokenHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WisHtKoios, Thursday, Hay ir.Very few^nembeis were in attendance, and Iheout wnlch we think terms of the treaty of 1S4(). The present state of the question Is this, though I can add but little to the tolormatlun I gaveGlaasHfcadea: GlasaShadea!!QLASS SHADES, of all staei. frr clocks, coveringflowers, &c., &c. coosuntly on hand and made to order. Depot, No. sa Platt-st.Inthesujstquent proceedings of tbe Convention, would readily eonceoe all that was proper. She was bcts to attend thepresentationof the Japinese Em- hoKever, we think tnat distinct intimations may bebassy to tlie President.discerned of & disposition on the of tbe Conren- parttDent. stated over Tfceyof noitijuitlcethat will ccrtalnlr vote for thecandi- Convention,toat toere was -notbat bank on the day in question. Tne prisoner, lagreat principleHisMr. Davh replied. He said that he could no more be national, and claiming to have principles for Its tion to commit him for trial, also asked the prisoner If iBvlted eoBtonding parties to meet on the plains of follow the Senator from Illinois than he could take guide, it should acEnowledge for its declaration of he bad anything to say, to which a re^ly m nega-Popularentryof £3iohavingbeen into paidreceitt of stamp. PH0T06BAFHI0 MAfEBIALS tor amatesrs and the trade.party and firm supporters of its principles, were thus, by shber force of votes cast- by delegates from StatesTiM MewRepuallcau dates, compelled to withdraw from tnethe honor and patriotism of the party, that, claiming toBTEABNS k KABTIV, Ha. »BcM<nthat all faith a creed upon which are placed twothought distinctlyo, gaod plants fishes, iKbbles, For USB PAK80IIS> KOACHtoenablethemem- arddiscordantaction,'It is thus apparent that there was almost entire una-|L|H8. WIN8I.OW,Michigan, there shot; id be excited feelings, divided counsels,which was compromise proposed,tlon to recede from its deterralt.atton, and toeither by an amendment or tbe Platform, or in someother manner equally satisfactory, sucii recognitionagainpresentingXNBBcnrIn the Democratic Party, and he 'would not reported a resolution, which was adopted, that the took place writh no other effect than to induce an depends upon the terms of that whetoer we can at his Balr Dye. toe best extant. BaTCHlCLUS'S WIgi Kniches, Ants. Garden luecta, Ac, withoat Icase,honorable gentlemanandprom-1the sameto be resumed at the point alreadyloidles wbo wish t-ithe- House aie enade, ihis oeligbtta: aea:ber, cm get beau:iful gaiti^r Dm.tjgiscs and Orocers. Beware oi Imitatiaaa.Mr. CiKTis, of Iowa,mittee, leported a bill regulating army contracts, and a bill for retiring supernumerary and other disabled(Rep.,)from theMilitaryScutt wentfrom tl.e President to use his own disc.'ciicn, un the basis of Secretary Masci's Uispatch, which is wcll- knoan tuthe lloute. Geu. Sctrr, acting in lb; spiritpelled ficm the House and the Reporters' Gailery. He (WmsLow) then moved that further consideration ol the subject be postponed.ncr tor holdlrig an adjourned meetlLg at Richmonc. On the other hard, if the Convention, on reassem- blir.g at Baltimoic, shall uisappoint tho just expecta- tior.8 of tbe remaining Democratic States, their dele- gations cannot fail to wltbdraw and -unite witn tbe eignt States wuich have adjourned to Ricliraond. inhimself authorized to en'er into anv compromise or agreement wih Gen. ScoiTtill he had received orders fium home. Orders had" been sent to tue Ai'mlral to land lOU matines, being the same number of men as tl<e United Slates Lad placed there, and we stated at tlie j-ame time toat it was entirely In accordance withWELLS'. 308 Broadway, will give the needed alvloe. IlatB and Caps for Gents and Children.—TheEudion-sti, ranted as repreiented.gaodj war-Air. SuAaxAK, 01 Ohio, (Rep.) said that if there waS any reporter in the gallery who should not be thereof grease spots, paints, Ac, Ac., andf>ewtBC IIIarhlBea.~OEt.>RO£ B. SIiOAT & CO.'S silks, ribbons, Ac. equal to new. witooat iajaix lafiueiice. WALEtxahadbeenMr. Douglas—I reciprocate everj* sentiment ut- the Ccmmlttee, and had said, in sub&tance, that he sembling m RIchmoLd until the necessity for such lard. What is tbe state of tolne* there at the pre- glar-Proof Sideboard and Pdrlor-S«fe8. No. 63 51 urr*y- Free Piilrhurlc AcidFratarDlty, now and forever.haiaony and unity in the Democratic P.irtyofthetered with regard to tbe importance of preservlpg received no money from Mr. Wxansii. or any oilier meeiijigsnall become imperative? Ou^ht thev not, sent time I cannot saymagistrate der-Proof Lccks and Cross-Bars. Also, Fire and Bur-1 what 1 said yesterday repeat:He received anCongress.to $2,50(1 from Mr. sister Slates in toePure Whisky.—SuiphsieSulphate "I PotashandI billeve Itis the onlyperson lor assisting in the pauage of any in of the altered condition of affairs, to latest mtelllgence that her Majesty's Govera'nent.*.:viqw alreadyLimec<f AJuminameasure or particular bill beforereturn to the Convention at Bnltimoie and their have received. aid^^^^^^60 bbls. S. T. Suit's Salt River Suiph&teofof that ing these convictloDS, I am willing to make any pub- laMsestion, Atthtf Umehe received toe notes no their votes would now suffice to turn the scale, toremainlEg political organization sufScietit to pre-equivalent01 two before thestruggleprinciples? May nutserve the peaie and safety of the Union. Entertain-WxaDsix adayadjojmmentsoand DemocraUcIiWerpooI.On Wednesday evening, the 2d inst., HEENAtrSulpfiiteof Soda Chloride of Scdium Silioio AcW Organic matter.closely interrogated bytliedelegauoDSeight States Is to defer as-He sacrifice to contribute to its unity and safety. words were exchanged between them, although at purge the patty creed of all hefeslei, and to emblazon arrived in Livetpoql from Chester, and took UD his1.• MBTlie Sciiator, however has told us tbe terms on vailous other times ivir, Wenpsu. had spoaen to him on the party banner its honored device of fidelity toBLAOXFoan—GuiK.—to thiswUek alone unity can be maintained. It is thatacout gocxi-will. He could not recollect mat Mr.the Constitution and the Uidon In characters so clearquarters at tbe Waterloo Hotel.keptCity,Wednesday,Total grains per gallonSee advertiseinent in anotoer eoloma.a91.4t ""Wzanxu, spoke to him about any specific measuresBuiat Deeoae the flag of the Deuiocratic Party. Detoie the present Congress, but during this, he had Suppose lor a moment that in this last struggle for on his tiehalf, and even the persons to toe hotel were Gkeei*, all of this City..Mm flag, baailng the inscription of his sentiments,as to defy misconstruction ?•"FI7RIFT TBE BI.OOD.for theby ATWAIES, MARRIED.<: CO.,Rachal 'BAsaa, aged 79 jean 9 mODClia aad H days.Ihe one point that separated us. I tell him it is evl- act of common justice that a letter he received to-day recognition of sound constitutional principles, and it several persons who happened to be to the statioa at "Tte ielatives andtrtends of herbon-in law, Jona Hin- gilts. Pr1c« 26 cents,denoe or liiinoti^ ma^namlty, and not an approval offrom the eoitota of the New-York ETprest be read.the time, and they immediately sought to gratifyton are reapecHullj invited w Attend the ftmeral at cieHe had not the sllghest idea why he snouid be hon-tnTBlKl the compliment, and showed that she was not ored with it. The letter says, among other thlogs, parent and factitious majority succeeded to pret%u> " fighting man." Some wete successful, but othersvaating In magnanimity, and the recoid that has bepa that .Mr. Walxu did not coriespond for the Exp'csi log that recogidtion. weie denied the gratification, for the party, on fiad->r- Cnntcb ol toe Holy Ocmmun>»o, oomer 2-B"ii-«t. afna*rtstoie—on Friday, at 11 o'cWek A. M.. withoutnotice.tillcourse. 1am glad to find that Mississippi has re-imits, and another pait by divided States, that aai,»>-inctr curiosity by attempting to get a sight at theagent prmested shows beyond dispute or cavil tnat my when the English bill was passed ; furthe'-, that the The answer to all the foregoing questions seams to ing themselves recognised, drea' up theiblinds of tbe Loan. j7.reWe8t"Von' of Mary" h7 and li.'Porter Lord, complaints.recognition it beIleenan Inla it not, cot aware for some time of the presence of tbe far- BcRDAHK—Vait Vlxoc.—to this City, on Wednesday.^ogma or theory of my own inserted on tne oanuer, passage of the Lecompton bill. He had occasionally Democratic States cannot for an instant be suspected American friends, said to be his backers In the re- J. Parsons Hovey, Rev. LvsAgnsa X. Busbahk. of Fits- Tti- best fotnU.v medicine now before the pablia tS» the good old bannei—ttac old Democratic banner tnat received windfalls wltuouta word being said. A gen- of an intention to refuse to redeem their piedge of cent contest for the So careful was william. K. H., to Mtsi SASAHSusABHAtl, dAugoter of the cure of Scrofula, Clora, Scurry, cr Erupttoas >tf1 fikall prescribe no such terms and conditions to se- spoken about prlnttog matters aoout watch he the ngnt they should again be overborneeuro ay support. Ido not a^k to have any peculiar (WAtKXK) had his suspicious. He was opposed to the then , equally plain that the delegations of the other famed Beiiecia Boy. He was accompanied by two Hay IS at the reslaenceof the bride's mother, by Rev. MOFFAT'S LIFE PILLS AND PHCENIX BrrrBBS.ttai whTCd over so many glorious triumphs is to-daytleman once put $2U0 in his hand without withdrawal from anwhich shaU championship. toe late Abiahsm K.. Van Vieck, the ekin. Bilious and Liver ComDlaiots. Pevar aaa per- toe American pugilist to avoid recognition, that he MiTcniLi.—Olcoti—In this City, on Thursday, May Ague, Dycpepsis, Dropsy, Piles, and to fact maalthe battle in 1866. He has leferred feelingly to themoderatlcn he exercised to the surrender of bis opin-ioas and prejudices in 1852. I appreciate that not say he had any agreement with them, but felt an by the true and faitnful delegates from Pennsvivama to America. Whether he received thexnodrratioD, that ipliit of self-sacrificing of interest Ui gettiug it through. He was the corres- Hiid New-Jersey, from Indiana and New-York—aye, said to have been raised fur him by a number ofoplMlam which induced him to make that pondent of tne New-York Express, and was aiso very from every one of our sister Slates where delegates American captains belonging to this port, wehavenot tfvliRCcBVvr.A DrP.XTFEaBrBl.ey,IdHBarsouokolh.evcD,sODs.ThIuircrsvdeaay,toHaMyar27v,an tM altar of his party and his country. much interested politically. He repeated tnat he did are found imbued with the living pnnciples ot our been able to leam. In fact, tbe inquiries whicli we I Ia balance being cue ihem for mail service. He couldwithdrav,-ing and adjourning lo Richmond be joinedIII.Slot VAT. M. D., No. 3S6 Broadway, N.T., i:assemblagegood enough for me. Tt,e Senatoi is afraid we must sayii.g a word. OtUeis who had acted Ukenvlse sistently determine on the sacrifice of prlnc!,)le moved about under an assumed name. On Wednes- 17. bvBev fieorge Potts. D.D., in the P,esb.vteriaa diseases vield to their curative propertlef. Bppart oomphay. and why? Because he Is not wiUIng never had measures before Congress in their lives. which they themselves have declared indisDensable BOW to fight under that banner with which we won He said be was interested in some matters before for their united action to a supposed expediency?day evening a:.d Thursaay forenoon he Wsiied severaland others made a call at I amongstChurch, Uoiverslty-plaee, New-York. Wu. B. Mitcu-o»e the blood is restored to a heaRfcy atom nitThe system is not redaeel dariaf. .he operation, bat iinvigorated, and ihaT reanira abra-'olessure. Prep,a=r=e-d-byWB.Biall ilroggist^• J K. BnRDSAXI^jtortaf tae Senator, by csastlBg her vote for him for bill, being opposed to it In con.'iusiun. In answer to tt* CoBventlon, because of their being in the minori- scription has been made In this town for toe Ameri- May I" by Rov. l>r. Storrs. Capt. D. S. JIcCalliu m and penetrating regeuble oil. Forall of thaCongress, including tne claim 01 E. K. Coluss & Co.,And will not all the Democratic States thus wita-placestown,.ABNlCa LINIMENT Tm;air,adliUaoUappreciatedthatsacrificeontbe nothingtoassistinpassiiietbeLecomptonurEnglish part},butwhosevoicehashithertobeenstifledin liaveinstltctecinclineustodoub!whetheranysub-I Mc'-'ALLCM—Gsenzebacu.—inBrt-C'klyn.oQ'IVmrsda.v, iipreparedbycombiBiBCArnicawitoaiiMiiliU Bow^t, yonogeet danghteror the late Jota leten. Ssq.^^g»Plcsident la ISU. But, notwithstanding tbe persistent questions of the Committee, he swl he ty of their respective delegations ?Mr. WinnsLL gave him tne money for his For it is aof tketiio great States in tlie great conflict, he now general good will, and for no specific service tnat he conLectlon, that whether the vote had been taKen en- The party occupied a first-cla^s carriage. HiiranACHES AND PAINSthat human flesh Is heir to. It is wltbaat eonal.SPEAINS RlOEnMATlSM, BRCISES, Ae -Reccmmended by sU phjsieiasa as a (reatdUhrcBceairf opinion that marked the rSBresentatives thoughtstrikingfiiendspro ceded to Loodonby the3:40 P. M. train.was aware of. He was a straight out American.Is him, ai evidence that we indorsed his position in Hr. BoTELXB, of Vtrgliiia, (American,) asked a5 anby States or by delegates, in either event there was a clear majority in the Convention m favor of tiiewas only by taking pan of the voies by States ashhvtngbeenrecognisedbyoneortwooftherallwayDIED. Fras^r.-InthisCity,onWednesdaytBornitur,May16,pain in the side or breast, sore throat, " CfcwaopHcRtlons. BewareofoouBtarfclta. but BuRIiS AT,L'S original artiela.citeslitsemarksofconfidencewhichIllinoisreposedtirelyfact not to be overlooked in thiscan cjismplon. In tbe^fternoon Hcenak and his two MlSSjOSIldlNXM.O SX!f 2XBACB.«piiitoaa on this territorial question weie a^, well Eifreis opposed that measure, as it did all Lecomp- us to be clear and plain. The line of conduct we carriage to protect themselves from theVpubllc gaze. aged 7.veSrs. 9 months and as days. , .i.^,. .. KILLS' BOCBBONl—A.la—lLLS'BafDBBOtnA.«o«m tB 1860, '32, 'M and '56 as they are to-day. ton legislationand that the money paid by Mr. Wsif- suggest leads, in our judgment, to a reconciliation of We understand toat two Hv-erp:^ol gentlemen were, Tbe friends of 'he rimily are respectfully toTit.jd to Soldat the ' a>TlSe>,dlerjijargtaJgUE;tN^T^Sa.t'ae~oirpiIn 4UBMdePHEIAN'SiHPBorsDANDCOMBQIAnOH CUSHIONS.;With a full knowledge ol these facts, Mississippi, at nxLL to Mr. WaLKxa never reached the editors. differences on a basic ol principle, it leads to the by special debire, allowed to see 1I£<na.v, witn whum atuod his toneral. from tbe Churci. of St. George theby every r•e>A>ppeCecEc.aclnTj noTENiTidfma.xsaAeo.,tbe Cu>clnnatl Convention, after Mr. Pisacta iiAmeMr. WiKSLow said that there was no intimation or united and barmomous action of our party. It doeseichar-gei. tr.t customary CDurtesies, One of Martyr, north side of ««th-st., west of S:h-av., tnis day, P. withoutfarther in-~ Be. Iwas wKodrawn, mballot after ballot recorded nerword before the Committee Implicating in the slight- more, infinitely more;it secures vastly-added strengthtotythe spectator.^, who bad previously known HceNAtr, {Friday.) May 16. at ao'clockM.,vote for me in to Mr. Boobahak. 1 do not est degree the editora ol the Express, lie took occa- to that aosertioD of principles which none of us ae>cribes him a^ beiiig considerably altered since nc ^ preferenceSaiTB.—In tois City, on Wednesday, claim tliat Ml^si«slppl, by those votes, indorsed all sion 10 remark that thfre was not a particle of evi- would for an liistant tnink of compromising; it com- :ia?'ed through Liverpool on his arrival in this coun- iBIAUl-lHTa. es years and Smonths.,ly oecttllar oplnioiis on tne Territoiisl question, nor dence snowing that any loOLey went into tne pucn-ta pels their recogniiiOE. ard proudly vindicates the ac- that Alabama^ or Georgia, or South Carolina, or ol the members 01 Ccng.-esn. It was knowx tha: r»- tion of the''se<.eaing delegates, who will thus have Floilda, or Texas did, wnen they in succession re- poits art ^r«valling in tne country that no measure secured the object of tketr struggle, -ind have merited corded their votes tor me. It Is evidence ihst they can pass except by the employment of motcy. Much the applause and gratitude of their Democrat!.: deemedItunjust,andunfair,andunmanly,tomake ofthistcaiiotilnasgrov^noutoftheill-conductof brethien.agedThe relatives and friends cf the fAtnily are respectJallyvajJAaa «ABi.BStTbe contrary course would, we believe, be produce live of mischievous consequences. Time does not old DaaBoerMC flag on a condition of retaining me fore Congress into the belief th^ they cannot nave permit the action of the regular organizations of our in lis tanks. I do not ask yon to concur witn me their claims attended to without money. Tne honor part-,- in the respective States, and who alone haveAvreSso.ut2b9atinupMtaornc,h May 1st«iPAi<»uie>s pkbfakbp iii'V*. Osarui. la avcar aooaa. Pea satathat a test of Democracy, to my exclusion. I repeat, 1 90 lUK ask you to iLdurse any new inscription on thepersons who abuse tne privileges to the reportera' gal- lery, and \^ ho iLfiuexicc persons having business Be-tePveirdneaom,buco,Apin4i)h.Rio Jan-Haantaetaiadb! ~ ~ --"f>l",'^'rP.0.addraea,1 oxNo.i,too.A I!BW Pl.EAaritB.--WeAt Buenos|»f^ylewaImayentertain. Ihavet>eeatoidthat anddignityofthisHouserequiretbepassageofthis powertotfeii.theirwill,tomeetincounciland agreataccessAiyirnesof.dubruisinigiessyenerallv,inbothim-.<hee.1 WM axeliulad because I diffored >Mth the President lesolution. give instructions to their delegations. How is tbe ports and Demand for languid,Issue. Ihaveyettolearnthatan Mr.SuxEiiAirsaidhewouldexpelanyreporterwho voiceofCalllomiaorof Oregon10beheardintime? A A^tmiHTjHM la Iha DemocraUc Party. I deny that acted as a lobby agent—thus vio:atlng the condi>ion How are the constituencies of Texas and Virginia toto exports.owing advancing prices.Cattle wererates were demainmdperdo.vinMgoney plentilul.WIROSOBraxDXI.AWJUUCSTA.'CB4a tbe LaeotoptonDBA BOOT LOTTERIES.-W00D,on wldch they are admitted to the reporters' gallery. meet in State conventions and give authoritative ex- Tbe resolution was adopted. pression of their will before the mlddle«f June ? The House resumed the consideration of, and How can the machinery be put in motion bywhich tte Democratic voters will direct attend-If soirtStbicoiBei of my lien** *<"" Georgia, then General to restore the Inland mall service on all the Evidently, the delegations already elected are the Spltzbergen and the Polar regions, which is routes under tbe contract of the 4th of March, iS59. only cnes that can act, and they nuuf act 00 their adjacent ofTaiia. and diaentad frOB the ? expired by ^K"*"'J^JfIh^a«r"d- or 'ovedserviceoversaidroutes"hasbeenfur«Uliar Ihe Praaidaiit, tbe Cabinet, or Senators or TlnaeasiiUKim. eonatittttfl the Democratic orgaoiza-DxLAWAaa—Extra JTa. C^at,their Delegates In theirNatioaal CatamSaot, who constitute tne organlza- passed tne Post office Deficiency bill.ISS.lfair IT, MM. 16, 66, 71, 36, 38, 14, 1% 30, 59, 7S, 8, J», 68.SSn^uifcepeople,throughof Stockholm has granted a snmof 8,000 rlx dollars banco (about £1,700)ance at Baltimore or Richmond in accordance withDiLAWAU—Class H:COB. Bat, Sir, II it tme that any man who difters from »Tne bill appropriates $7,694,000 for the transporta-the A^SnlwitlOB OB anr point U oat of the party? tion of the mails Inland, and directs tbe Postmaster- tbeir judgment ? Evlaently, this cannot be done. towards toe expense of a scientific exi>edltlon to 38, S4, 20, 41, 63, 46, 68, SJ, 17, 27, 65, 24, 66 ^'Fo'/'iile- by dealera generally, Prlaa. MajM;i'T««Bj?rH?f2Utth.Ad»^„«f»«o'?o»^'h« unlessthesamehave theiroa'nUmitatiOB, ownjudgmentinaeonjunctiuewhichdoesnotallow tosetoutfrom Tromsoe,toNorwajr,atthe endOlrcnlars WOOD,EBDTB00.,Wlalagtaa,DeUvsre.forinstructionbytheirconstituencies,ly know what he did "giw with him npottl Laugh- nisheu by railroad or otherwise, and whese the ser- A refusal, then, by the Delegates of tne seceding science are atUched to it :trailty law, on the PaelBe KaUread, and indeed Irojopportunityter.) Yet he is InI have jctto learn tnat the Senator fromIndorse^ the Pre8ldeni,on ipecUe dnttoi, and if thisStates to return to Baltimore, a refusal to defer thetbe Dane, who voyage.McCllntock in his last .goodIs to be the ruje, then I am InfjUowsiap. MUdesipplRichmond until there shall be an uncon- meetingSndln»»»l perfectaccompaniedgood very glad;company otit-to hare the BaatorTHE 8Ean.WEKKI.Y TliHKS.0IJ«S»,MAT17.1860.-vice has actually been performed by tbe contractor.Notwithstanoing such discontinuance, the Poslmaster-General shall pav the contractors as if no changebad beeii ordered, but he shall not be required to re-store the service on any of the routes beyond servative organization remaining in our country taby M. Torall, an emtoent zoologist, ani other men of so likewise is Peterssen,aida of Uie party. I amkeanpoeeahebas put ustxithoatintheeOla. Apply ablp fjaftel, at t50.(M-'0 per annum, from Cnaries'on ing of the saecessfal assertion of Its pnnciples, com-44, 36.t:i,-»"1^—Thasubaeiiberatotha ato^oTtUs Oampaarare beiebwaatUladthat aa inatalmaBt of twaoBfCyt>o«arIhas On day beaa, eilM (or by aaaalnaoaof Tnateee, payaMa on or befcra toe 2Ut toA, 4call me his friend, aad I call ulm mine, as by the roleone dally mall each way. The service of the steam-its final disrupUon\worse than all, injthe endaogcr-Tbb Skhi-Weeklt TiMgs, published tluB.morD- 42, 71, 23, 31. 48, 29, Olr^via Satannah ana Key Wert to Havana, pared with which the success of a slnfle electaral u2i!l"^Uring, contatos toe follcwtog LnxEAST—Selections fromPriaaa eaUad at Ma. Hs Br»Jw.y. IMabyaddiaadnc „ ,.^_ MMB«.aa.aODOBB. wAwvaaca^Maaagara.Baean.an.• OSBS.RSmt Summer flowi"thatleattoany Senauir upon this floor, anl. br theinie every man of you is out of the party. I June, 1863, 1» specially restored. The bill also maSG struggle is unworthy of one moment's consideration.New AoaicDtTcaAi.—Workfortbeaeaaon.believe even the Senator from Pennsytranla <Mr. an appropriation ta pay postmasters, clerks, r-.rr^ foralso,anappropriationof$58(»).- —too weak in the knees to 000 to aapply deficiencies m the revenue. It biso ap-for the CoUins as due diffeieace of prtnrlateg (80,000 Comoany,M. R. H G\RNEPT, R. TOOMBS,W^. K. SEBVSTtAN,DAVIS, R. M. T. HUNTER, L. Q. C. LAMAR. M. MASON,itjy, Ac.offaeeof toe J8.P«ail-auitaaamar,t-^ -., * ^*k^?tl'* **>» /.-Jr. . , ;. ,.,r.4 *•*, ^ t.'retit -,; .-,'<.>— .vita:,<'n.fi.'Jifad.]t ,!«.-&. -.i ..a.•BmiMI did not quite come up to tae role. othercontlogencies;Kavaa*OaaawsLL.Sac^ a-naa. Mar 14, MB.iBorataads..Be -wt*. * Uttla.aumi "B^ff^^t !}v *^ yJEFFERSONTax JAVABisa— at KseeptlonWashtagitaa.~"i>W»el—t# ftem Virginia (Mr. Masob) come to taoaa Ncv-York and Liverpool. Tbe total amount"llilw Irtifc ,' * *M' »' Democracy. nOCT the Into contract carrying the mails (>(-Ha. DoosLAs' Spiica—DeUTeTedla.f)MS£iuta, on^the reieae of tite President oathe Pacific Rail itiad?—*'**'! jtm will lad I have auatalned fewuh tli'WiforBBiatttatPd ictklrteen mlUions and a half.M JAMESMr. mmmmmt TOO., tothePeWMey.9 n» irig»tloBs than any one of 8nl Uirll|f*M.lrt.l tfade against anybody butJOHN W. H. UNDKRVtMIk.Untitled DocumentBafieaiai*—Articles od CoiMtTikpk*.iux\xjss. .A a>ar<Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069acted on tbe Senate's amendments awl CoMular and Dl?lom»'le ap- propriation bUb, an* tbtnpioeaeded to the cocsldera-^baComMHtea4J&At^ClK\KS7OVfNc,1, ,J«HuvOriK^SIKIM!»O*#R,RISON, IbiHosutCoanmot—fiiiad••Sbverf*J*2!rtlfafrjmU» prit*-^A_,, .ie., atretaflwouldsnit in incurable division of our party—the solecoa-trollable necessityforholding It,Inevltobly re-K W. JOHNSON, A. IVSRSON, JOHN SLIDELL,Publicattoaa;Poe-WILQaji B NE**^" BAMrSL O. PAXSOB,J.CBAWrORD, J.P.BBNiaMIN, PETBR E. DOVB, LUC'S J. eARTKBLl, JOHN J. J0NB3, JOHN H, REAGAN.TuesdayandWednesday. C«*auu—ReporU of Proceeding. TnbaaaU- 'r«rw>i<uii*mto theAdditioBaler sm^ Hw^/imTheton yeatatday, were reeelred here lastA hiU forTitedtaenaaaiaeaemrr dealrabia assartmeat parahaiinc. OwImpteraifMUiUesiaapaesand IsrezamlnbisgiedB, will be food vsry alTaatageooaK.^<We find little ofthefarelgashipowners areMr.CoBDsa was in the gaUefy of tbe Representa-totoyetonrkMvkdga a(operation Maysays there are wantincmen to oaly camplete toe Papal army. The Pope ta-Baker>ii 'Nalaelew SBWINO MAOaarBS,Rcmagna by force of arras.tbe firs: families la France and day to enlist in toe Papal army.menBelgium arrive everyFtie-PreefSTEARVa ft HABTfir.All over Hungary requiems are to beobaerratlgai t_Bank, kept the accounts of all sums pail into theSAFE DEPOT bmaawiM' MO. 33» BROADWAY. OORNXBseidoo-n as having been paid Into toe Bank of England on thel'.2th a. clerk from toe Bank of April,Steresaeeple BnperlmalargeFIRB AND BUKGIiAK-PReOV RJTbe pablic are torited to call and ezamtae ear ito whether he wished to ask the witnesses quesQons, said ''No; I do not wish to give aayvuwB OF-tive was The given.Als •AMB KAT TBRBDNATOB,Lordship, after saying it was ula Inwn- theAqnariastate- question whether the American Government wilt make anaasweroideis frcmibe Pfesident to prepare a replyadjoiunment to Baltimore to the 18th of whilst once lay toe correspondence un the table of the and Toupees ttave improvementa over all. This is tlieonly place where these are properly understood acd-;but what 1 have stated Is thest., corner of CoUege-place. ROBERT M. PATRICK.r'rnto Sulpbate ot Iron Sulptate of MagneiiaUS. MS S&. titt S. 4tl 11. Illg. 4tt'. ». MP A- U*MB V SB-His visit was strlclly private, so toat no manifestation took placeonMay IS. at the resitlenee of tbe bride's mother, by Rev. Ira R. Steward. Mr. E. O. BLAcaroan to Miss VAxart L.In tbethe Clayton Hall, where he remained a short time, and had an interview with some frienoshe had knownILL to ISABti. B. ch^ile.fronuall imparities>8.officiais, toe fact of his presence was made known to^^ A PURE AKTICLB4W Wltry to contest the championship.at Ma^dttlena.Capt4.. HerdateswereBuenos Faihef.this day,,(Fnday,) Hay IB, at 2„PBBLaBaOOLLBRDEK, N„ew-_._»From Brazil end^he Rlrer Plate.The WooLwano, lias arrived p'clrck P M.eiio. 8th Politica}"*»o*^"-^ have alwaysTheof Academy Sciences;lBnabeiwas,12Mtohn ;:toe present monto. The expedition is to be headedOrWOOD.BOOTk St.Louis,Hinoarl. CO.,OFPICtAl. DKAWinUB OF BO»(»'»' BA.Tia dts CO.'S OOVaOUDATID lAREEIES OF 9«OBOI^in condition,andliigherk CO.. lUaaten, of the Delaware, Keatnckv aaMUaaoui StaU Lattariaa,:meraarallsingbeen readover, the prisoner was committed for trtai. Fasnia- sale at Ho. «t4 BROADWAY, MEW-YORE.depoiilions havingfoimation as to the present' position of the negotia- tions between this country and toe United States with leference to the Island of San Juan, and wbetoer he had any objectioit to lay the~ "^AS XXFEBIK8CXB NUB88 AK>heardLord J. RcssxLL—It will not be expedient to ex-Nas. !Sto8S East 13th4U, New-Yerk.was in accordance wiih the fairlyDr. Mank esiamei to apply kli IadIe«L cbannel wlitrll Ihejr originally cliUmed soon a* ter tUe Irconas. Batnine Trui.S73, Snppprt«r«. Sboalder 3rac4«. 2V*Detbe ouierday.la proposition Aagiist^tnelr agato' repliedto thatSaspensory BacMlages,Caps, and all snrgleal appUaneea, by MABSU k 00.,produce;and it 3oDd-it. Twelraprlrkte13 Park-row, siid No. 421 Broadway, ane aaM Com- lieving, we insist tnat our position as representatives sary to place 8(iU men on the island, ana also a ba!- per rair.vith Bo.vs'. Misses' and Children's boots and ASTQMA.-FOR THE INSTAtT REUBF-thecle opposes the resloration of its hanhtjtv. So ue- av»are ihat Gen. Habney tnuugnt it proper or neces- bcr-ts, from 12b. to 20s. slippersunited action cf the party ,'nnd no insuj-erable oisia- Jnaii,of Democratic States and consiituencies f^^m^ no teryolgur.s. Cen.;and 63. and 7s. ties,justbartoourright,butratherImposesonusi.'ieuuiy,01 joining our counsels with those of our Demodraticbrethren, and uniting in their efforts to secure tne <f toat dispatch, immediately sent away all Gen. Bischires conatsntl.v en hand TO REVl' and KOlt Made by C. B. SKYMCUB i CO., yo. 107 Nafsaa.al:.post.its beam^ as it skims behind the Pacilic slops. Our cfficers from the array.piiaciples are natlnnal. They belong to every State Mr. WiNBLow, of North Carolina. (Deni.,) from the triumph of our j.-rlnciples. HaaAST's force, wito tbe exception of lUO mjn, SALE Second-haDd icachines bought asd sold, at ttieKew-Tork. Price $1 per boxin the Union. And thou^ elec:iuas m-iy be lost, It is plain that if the Convention shall at Baltimore New- York Sewing Macbine Fmporiiun, No. 466 Broad-;they eonstitute the only foundation on which we Covcde Committee, made a report in reference to the adopt a satisfactory platform of pnnciples before pro- and declaied that neither patty oyght to ex- way, comer Broome, second floor. •can maintain power, or on wnicti we can rise testunony of Cobb£ijcb Wskdzil and F. W. Walkss, ceeding to select its candidates, the reason wb'.ch ercise exclusive jurisdiction on the island. He alsoto HOn!!>ES.EEF£IkS.to the dignity of tbe old Democratic Par^y. moviiig that it be printed, and recommending the cictated the withdrawal of the rlelegations of the sent away tbe battery of guns, and he informed the Ta Start Rfsbt ibr a tsncreaaflal One Needa If you with good feather beds and mattrassee. ool^ Boes not my fiiend from Illinois, If He will allow me passage of a resolution that F. W. Walkes be ex- eight States will have ceased, and no motive will re- Goverror of Vanccuver's Island and tae Admiral to knew Ms detects as well as his talents and capabili- comforters, blankets, Ac, cheap, go to WIIiLAJU>'8*main for refusing to unite witn their sister States, wiat he had done, but the G-jvem^r did not think ties. A Fhrenolegical eiammstion at FOWLER aND No. 38t corner of Hotuton. Allto caii htm so, see that m the sectlonil claracter ofthe vote Ahlcb be received, his opinions are not wel-come to every portion of tne country t Dof 3 he notlearn Irom the tact that tbe resolution adapted by»event««a States upon which the greatest reliancec&a be placed, w^ru him that If he persists in plantinghis theory on tbe Democratic Party, that its days arestuibered ! I ask only the Constitatlon. I asa onlv he ought to be exj-eiied. The testimony of W, kpell er.ier event there would Dc unanimous action in sup- what tbe American Government had "Stated on theirwhat Uke party from time to time h»s declared—whit in rtlation 10 his acquaintance and business with port of cur prtnciples by all the States wuich <|in oe part, namely : that while toe matter was under dis- CELEBRATED BLUPTIC LOOK-STITCH AND 3HDT- color or fabric. Sold by druggists, only SB eoali parthe ConstUntiOB Intenued to secure ? Our flag bears WiiKER was read, by which it appearea that '.Veh- relied on for casting Democratic electoral votes. cussion there ought to be no exclusive luiisdictlin Ti^ SEWING MACBINES.bottle. See that you get toe genuine article.soaewdevlee, but on IM folds, In I'vine light, is tbe niLL gave Wslksr certain sums of money, selecting CoBstltuilOD and the Union, Justice, Equality and tortus geieiosity such men as he supposed hadin-From thts statement of facts, is It not evident that exercised in the island. There ohs been some do<i*>t' e. H. COLLINS, Ho. 4M Broadway.AMAI^YSIS OF OAK ORCHABD ACIB BPKINU.WATBIL.the wL-e and prudent course now to be pursued oyIn the mlud of the Governor of Vancouvpi's UlanJwbetherweoughtnottohavea intheIs- DeflanceSalamanderetafee—WithPatentPow-subscriptionRev. Itr. Butchard, Cuablei^ J. Fox to Euma M. FaLl- "*'''Inndergt. Rlehalaa HatcL) Aahcrefk'a I«w Water neteetar.n ,x'Nanatire af tha EarlIran Stare andProota, Oolnmaa, etrdera, Beaais, Doar Sbuttan, Mane, Ea^., Private Secretary to LatdBnUJl»a».biain, Vaolte. kc. Ever? deaaHpHim o< Ftae IrsaJapan, In the Years 'sa w- ? .-p. ten, -sb,Baak Work farbSjcoaceralngO/iit- M-av. aad ttth-at., Xew-Tork.L.The snoeeaafal axcaxalon it IheCOLI ARS. STOOKS AND MBCK-T[E3. SUHHlvR a0.41ERTto great rariety.containltg every tofoimatian neceaaaryllsraWhere we offer (Or sale a England proved E. ANTH0N7, COl Broadway. CatalagVM seat on •fAqnariaA(1J7aBIA. a variety of pattsras always oahand.! !J.RLEAS0N& CO., mannfuctarers and dealers inVeaer-st.,-'gork. oppoalte St. Paal*s Ohnieh.Broadway, oppjslMSt. Nicholas.Cse Parstms' Beach and BatTHE BUT DT THE WOBU.Use Fa> BOBS' Boach and Bat 1THE BEST IK THE WOBU>.to our oispatch. Tne last iatelU^noe we have Waccfaelor'a Hair Dye, 'Wlaa and Toupees.—ceceived is, thai Gen. Cass expected to leceive Thii eelebikted establishment is removed to Mo. 16 The old ud irtteleto extenniiite Bel-1Worto-st ,Kew-Tark.One of tba most Bidtoly Intareattag and books of travels which have appeairad tor i £aiuiea Critic.roonu A>r the of only applicttloiiPewing IHarhlncs to kirt.—411 kinds flrat-clsasBRONCHIAL ClOiBFTTES.snd most elei^ant varietv in this ful sitraw Goods for Swisses and Children." TTSEFUI. AND BCONOaU0AI< *-' MAN A CO.'S BENZINE, for tha InatontItrgestCity,lieauti- KELLOGG. No. 381 Csnal-st.daughter of H. W. Olcott, of New-Ro- Fox—Feeiha?—InthisCity,onThursday.May17,by stra'ntfrombutinessofr—^ —-In this City, on Wednesday, May 16, HArsssMay 18, Mr. Jas-tovited to atteuQ tte foneral, froa his late residBnca,No. M- West 4tih-»t_,,,Sole ManafsetoTata. Boi. MM-..J « ,. the ssd year of hia age, Lsvi H. PAUiaa, formerly oftoCroaby-st..Tsgt„,atOraoge, K. J., on Thnnday. May IT,KxiiosG'.—it BarAboo, Wis., on litfday. May 11, of pulmonarv apoplezv. FasDAaicx Kkuooo, Est),, for. unimportatnhte. month toere has been merly a aercnant of this City, to toe fi7to year ot his—334, JKap IT, IMS,rc'.'.-'tiPlsiHiltle.FIXTOKBBAMDBITIIBO. GASM».»BT. BBOADWAT. N*. VOT.The largeai and beat aalaelad aamrlaaBtaf OABHB- TU&KSaSidFKBMOaBBONZii^ tteOHr IK MMb atVEBY L0irPBiaS,by8TBPHBN PHn.aiM> T«V BBDABWATsent free ol ta eharge bi^~aidiaaato( eitoer^iStaSca^a im*fi;t larm-^^ yla the.,.,-.!JAttM. oLiPBAsra OBiKA tanLORD KLonra BIS810R 1*CHIN* AKD IknM?aaaa .tant additionremartable eenntiy.—gdWarj* E«a4tir.—wtltaaa, LOT^'on(Lai4<r tmdiaeot free by FOR SALE AT ALL D3F&G13T3'.lo case ofAtlbma,Bronchitis and anEx1VTrlftaaInf glsian,-I' Vi-^>> ,<.Tj,* .jj, 4cii »-*•'. *=""£ I ef;.|ic» ,-,v 3S^*!t.»riA«,^ewww.fultonhistory.com.M'ijitJadfe: to sKS^na .^alMMTli iX x*^ lj mjaAiaIr'lfrrin'l'^