 . 'MwageoIagieatmaBiandlTentaretohopethatpollutes them." The Philadelphiaa to Lord John on the skl,forwarded dispatch Rueseiisubject, In which he urged that If the proposals for a "sufferings.buton found that theirtothesceneoftheaf-necedlf toj^ proper maaagamant tf.England appears ^eh theand answer for a libel on Dr. R. K. Smith, late of theAlmshouse. Mr. John S Jackson, publisher of theTranscript, who wasimprisoned for libelling th» same'havingahardfray,.has been mora critical than reported. He has neverbean la good health since he came to Wasliingtoa toreside. The perplexities of liis position were new to ter of the Hanse Towns at Paris, has just resigned on miiUons. In addition to merchants from every eoim- hira : tie had never been in Congress, or any other de- account of ill health. He was one of the oldest mem- iry in Europe, there were present dealers &om Per-liberative body. The Intrigues, excitements and bers of the dlplomatie body in the French capital, and sia, Armenia, Georgia, Boukhara, Khiva, &c., whoOne of them knew him well, and when, in 1834, Jaoksos was very mueh5?,' «mOmTlhBit.,sajt:—"MyvliUhasbeenamoat^t- ^„U» fraUtbeyand had livedDover 44 yearshappily together for naariy 70 of the Swlia ieglB«Bta soma time*£•subsequently,returning opponentsSir J<dm Bowriab writing from Paris to a friend,ahd Mttsfactorr one. I had hardlr arrived «haaLoBdaa, where,totelher at service in St. Paacras Church. WasbiagtoB Tyson, at bis residence in Howard has just TOted an addraaa to the Emperor. After ex- portion of the Greek Loan payment of thatitftMtI fwnltiJ an liTitailoii from tbe Emperor to u prlrata adiiaee, which lasted long, in wblcn be sponn tn onpapersannounce thedeath of Mr. J.'of Samt Etienneanu of«< Uanseral policy, wa»ulscommerclalTtewaape.guaraateed by England, County, Md. He was formerly a roetpber of tbe Leg- pressing its admtratioB of the programme of peace is £788,00». Of this sum, £31,084 has been renflThVDAILY, SBMI-WEBKLT ANDWEEKLT.i»l>Illl eottld Do wore oecuJei tQan hls^iurpagaolof the I4th alt., by a giand b^U.The apartmentsof the " Pennsylvania Archives."MajestyofThere has beenleailSg i7J«,822. issuM otit of""^i. tb^CoMoUThe Nkw-Tosk Toon isamttf,»ariDOTeererr wiriniliM5^(^ daUynewipapaisoftheCltyofso that it has tlw oaiy juat eomplatad.aaMaet. «(apnaafcui,New-Tork.^•"^fj" —*.dry-Jig procresa. and 8th Victoria, c^. 81, whereby persons challenge comparisoa withiby caste, is to proceed to England in a short time,in a private capacity during these preliminary nego-tia ions, but, as soon as the bases of a treaty weredrawn up Lord Cowley, in consequence of conversa- A little boy of four years old had, on the first alarm, with the firemen. As the latter were more numer- DBNT iB iU ducus^e* of all tallica of poblie fatateA UoDS he had had with the Emperor and Count Waiew- raa to his mother, and clinging to her, waa so burned ous, the students were oveipowsred. They rallied It docs not deny or dsubt the impoitaace orfrank tnan Ms explauaunm ontpthe ttiree,. •' ofU*p^iealW wo^wMca progreiie. in aplte of aU oppoal-were decorated, a^d the splendidlyin thatdated FaiK), in full of the Sardinian Loin^ and 1650, the sam of £2,000,000. The SardlmianI eror oeforo (onud In hun ao mucncourtyardsicouSrtnlM au thatB«*i me " ? the value he UUchedto tbe GnirUsh0IISCELiI<ANEOI78.The history of an event of such importance aspartof tbf coantry—the ribbon trade, the productionTbefcat etgblk year tf•Be?>«>">J!**^i«l»»i'>»*to be"•' been.the «»i>tr«ttoo«. IbeUerethecorner-stoneInformationthe first-named branch of business bails with creatSra^tBODDaay •"curUyof and mu-;;oamabi of thekers may be solemnised in caaes where one only or quite as large as that^« !!*.?'W' '^J* peace l— meh asdistingutsbed "meinbera of the ^ult., in the parisli of Moor, County SoscoramoB, Michael Fee, a small fanner, was en- gaged with his wife la the preparation of fiag—hethe of after the 30th of June, 1880, marriages Qua-Halted Stataa. lit alrcalaHoa teiyenty, nothing am an alliance of vjMmUMncUcould6Tcrafford. Iwasinvitedto ^»*-^°».'»* aoelety of poUttcal economleta, which «—iw apeat a hondred<f''•' *TMde, nMat InlhnntlalreUabiilty, Itinertiaa are brothers andiWaM tke flnal wreatk to his coronal, and niAealaatltatloiiBworthyofhercivilization."lit. giveA case of considerable to railroad consequenceof PoUtleal Partiespublic ailalra,-for all experieaee shows that In CoBsUtutlooal GoTarsBMBt party dirialOBS aad partf^7.„jMm Sailaad for Holland. The marriage viil, it Is *r^\ :1hn<|ht, taike place on the 24th May, the aaniversary •t/r iflfthaMlttiday of Queen Victoria." With referenceMonticello, Sullivan'the road, may treat the railroad company as trespass- propriety of bulhling a Salhoad from Monticello to ty numerous and suSleieitly iaHnantial alraa^.1 '»--'-«*UtlMS>sctafersa;s:Tnree or four years agoThe colliers in England are strikingers, and compel them to remove the will come to terms with tiim.roadunless theysome point on the Erie Road. Tbecostof suoh road,^'^vigorouslyimd its easternwere dis-~were n'>t entliaty oaknown to each other. William Nicholasmeeting of those employed in tbe StHelen'sgreat benefit,sewsp^erPraaa. Tte"^ra had some reason to believe tliat the alliance w.lsPicayune aand that the young pair Aleiandar Frederick Charles Henry, Prince of Or-and now quietly settled down In tbe pursuit of his avoca- tions. He wears his well-earned honors with that characteristic modesty which so enhanced the ezhl-A letter from Bome, in the Brussels A'ord, says Violent measures are said to be in cootemplation here among the tiigbest personages in the Govern-teoOAteaiplatlon,laurels as the best in the chess-playerworld,isdistrict^aofe, w^ bom on the 4th of September, 1640araof the country—representing their principles, iniktng«>d PllBcess of Saxe Coborg Gotha, was bom on thenotable derotees of Caissa in the old world." "the King of Sardinia and of the Sovereigns who mayof food would be He has allowance prison stopped.written a letter stating ttiat this was his punishmeatof tkeir news andSaTovacto marry yet, thoughtbepubUsliing speeches, commiBladeaeeand respect thaa the parties theyot Tto1843. Thetherefore, seemfullHeto acts of intimidation, or shown animosity towardsassisthimnext, the of their tm-eeboiagvrishea,April,couple,A letter, dated Turin, Feb. 10, saysAt thedeprecated tbe conduct of those who had resortedkingdoms convocation by the Pope of a"His £zceUency the Turkish Ambassador andpo-a few loud cries days ago,aiainly tiy who c(»ciu withpor-Aa aoB, and tiiee vtrta,'Ifadaan Hnanrus gave a charming/eto—a ttieatrlcalweretion of thenHy at the Turkish Embassy in The dramatic performances com- mewsad at about a quarter- past ten o'clock, pre-wim tbe of some exceptionofthe badstabbedthe prayers,wishes, theymiiaaMlalliiii iii Biyaastott-tquare.shown certain mem- bybehaved peaceablv, and,little indiscretion m throwing snowballs and stones atand ttireatening the ' knobsticks,' there lias tieen no and waa trying to stab him again demonstratio^i of rtotous conduct. It Is stated thatthree gentlemen in the town have consented to act asmediatots."helag '*Si Jamais I'On Rejoue CbezMol!" "Le CheraUer des Dames," and " Embrassons-Nous, ToUariiie.*' The various parts were sustained byhiriyevarr- thing ef pubUc interest conoerniBg all parties and aldramatic reorescntatlon, given by the artistes of the Th^atre-FranpaiB, and consisted of a prologue la verse, by M. TBoophUe Gauthier, " La Femine oe"Dlom^e," sad the Joueur de Fliite." The pro-position,theladythen,yoa have he,irdlias thefuad to extiagnisk the principal, and the suafnowaobjecta will eaaenaally help the;membera who hive been whom are ttiato visittbe of Friends, and to extend and amead Societyis not younger:obtain an autograph of Abdel Kader, wrote to the immediately, wUch he will do. Probably he is to beMcDonald, originallyOriental phrases, contains the following passageCotmt but which Ms Cavour,Of ships-of-the-line (screw) there wereafloat 48, building"Nobility of soul consists in four tilings —perfectiontolemus, mto manhood, and just vergingof the mind, acqaisition of divine and human know- ledge, the performance of good deeds, and kindness towards men. Ism informed that you fill an oihce in the State. The highest qualities of a pubhc function- ary are sympathy and gentleness. Wise men have said that we may gain by tranquil means what can- not be obtained by harshness. Water, soft as it is, will wear away a stone, however hard. A person inor converting 11—total, 51) ;ole) 9 iMoat, building or converting (screw) 9combining the bashiulness of youth with the determination nothe could, but was attreaties of the young Prince, and the men were re- leased."principal men of the old monarchical parties were present.Monseigneur Saccoul, the^present, and sat near 51. Guizot. The Nuncio andror, has been sent to Marseilles to receive tbe Sultan'ssffray occurredciting great alan». A correspondent ef the Bostonproceedings,length obligedto to the en- yieldhis wagonhear hisbouse,buried his in the bodyA Paris letter in tbe J\'ord says recently given by Duke Decazes, all theEx-Mlnister, who, it may be Is a remembered,Trotestant, seemed to be on the best possible terms.in New-Haven, March 6, on the life and services of the late Prof. Goodrich.the adoption oi the following credUs demanded bywith such a mass of foreign matter hi Its cheat "TheaanimaiKthe first case wliich oacurred here it is said that theIf. Guizot having spoken at somethe teimioral power of the Pope, the Nuncio ex--clabaed: Sir, yon defend the cause of Hisnatter than some Catholics.' 1 have not, howeverfrom the effect of the last wound, and Is not expected to recover.g«„en«nt, embracing sisndar'dJno*»ara that M. Guizot replied to thismot a Catholic.'"Birmingham and the neighborhood was held on the 14th ult, in the town tiali, when an address of sym- pathy to the Pope in his present difficulties: the Boose "It is further stated tha were made to the Albany dealers tha ware worth t30,000, and that thoseViscount Fielding occupied the chair, a»d Bishop Uilathome was one of the principal speakers. It was estimated that about 6,000 persons were pre- sentcous Biattar, of a meatdisagreeahl* odor. Ia the«,nies „Jthe DnmttamHaa of afore snoceeded In ererr affnt Now, tie has lost the most valuable olBce is the Ooyenunent, after a nom- ination, and after casalng within one TOte of au elec- noa."coast la 1B14.the Wasy, Mr. Geisinger was put In command of her, and to thisBe». Dr.to the met Dr. Hont-'or stationed at the Naval Axvlum in J" .many yearsPhUadelphia. His rank was seventh among the Cap-ItalyprovedTlmamer xngtoB, is adraaa,DeuuM. jUyj«rs»B»s)i*ii*«*« mtmtraaan.luSSXfurct^'SAI^^"-18«J.ka held oatU the time of hisof the kingdom."theMejxjtdenltuma,ndeharaoiv«f*•••ADuihamemaeqnent upon thefrom Naplea, says a Pans letter, a conapliacy had been discovery among a• f KJBT-T**nniii|linl ""« rTM?"aa4 on the same aa-single gendarme•PTtiMd^ aSof^4tpfWtWaSaSaa?MSTtM^•batlTtat aeema droms^BCM coaaeeted withpaitythe Bngllah capture of the Atalanta bysale, he weat to the auctloa and found that itwas:of 26 bothPapal Nuncio,was alsocould notexpenses has decided on recommending to the Diet No wonder the animal expand its lungs,There seems to be a fatality hang- tngoimUn. This is the third time that he has Statestached on its arrival there. representationsadopted.ani- mal slaia this afternoon bota sides ol tbe chest pre-sented siaailarTsry aspects,Is affected mare thaa the;:" At a diimerThesick, was killed, ••to allow of alength in favor ofcomhlBation tnat had be-Noticing soon after an auctloa aotice of syruptlnae to farniah its valnable infcraatiaB to thePeabody, who i» nominated Professership at Harvard,Tza twas<y«rawr(,inUt<snt><Mk>conservaUve TInitarlaa, realdingat Porta-Reserved ListSmith, Esq., a prominent citi-Servians and Roumans, and these„.,„e of the Biaehluery, of the performance°' '»«« ''o of the Narlk >»« been editormanUeataSonswerehailedwitheathusiasm. Atthements of the line in Italycompoaed of 140 men,report CommanderA^^il««" S-jM^K Bwoo. iB whloh capacity be has won TMSSi!Si"' quaruri by hlslEeral courae on aUzen of Barre, Vt, died oa the ath of March. He resented the town of Barre in the Legislatnros of 18iSdinner of the Agronomic Society of Gratz,(Eng.) newspaper states that the ex-iia rfl^^JE^y iwIt alioHoliness:to iheappointment Presidency of the Council prevented him from ac cepting. TbesubjectofitistheannexationofGen;The new tifles to be assumed by Lord Ward ha Blight certainly have done, 'It is because lam wUl be Viscount Edenham and Earl Dudley.asThe Indianapolis Journal says of Mr. Defrees, 4piUMlnent, but unsuccessful candidate for Prtnterpaaaad aH the wdisary barriers to success to falllight at the door of hif hopes. He missed the Coa-xrasaloBal aomlnatlon in 18S8 after a majority of theSeleaataa had baaa lastmcted for him. He lost tbe Captain was dated May 24, 1838. In the War of JB12 Aganar of the State laat Winter after having receivedcompliment,off^^_, fcom^^^tf inaccessible to the Ameri-2f »J^«»»aajeruamMae^OBTbandaj. the «>th ol January, heShrewsbury, Mass., their native place, Nov. Ii), 1790,whencei-inre. aaaspaaloa took Uekctsat Ferryhtil listers,The Hnssian Minialer at Brussels and theeUtSf. The reception ilnguiiuly cordial, aod Pilncasa Orloff opened their salons on the evening islature of Pennsylvania, and bis rxertioiis seeuied addressed by his to the Minister of State, the tbe Greek Goverameat, a bldtS J.city,caroe to be mors maturely welgh-been sa already, to the Powers, eamptaiaiog of tlieseTHK nnr-TosK nmMm.aacenalaed Crox- that on his leavingreBwTed aad settled inTii»y were tbe last of elevea brotnen anddlaaActloik In the sasse maa- cr a clue has beea dlaoovered to excite the muttaysisee la Uie servicemilveO natf, for o> the following Sunday the couple2,l)ow. WritetoThe total amount issued»tq«« wer« leeaii would ar- appear, tseyand gardens Uiummated. Count de Flaadre, accom- panied by his aides de camp, was among the first to arrtve, and bis Royal Hljshnef s remained to the end.the otherPrince Troubeiakoy, the Pnncess Orloff's fattierisbill introduced into the English ParliamentAmongdlttlBguiabed persons present weread- there- fore, object to Uie freeintroductioB of EngUab ribbonsremalniag Adischarged£1,921,138.Princessd'ArenbergRedeien, and other aristocracy.\rj Mr. Mellor and M^ Bright proposes to enact thatknows aad axiatTbe instance of aTimes Brahmin aboutthe Galilzln and her daughter; Princessby themitted intoHs publication. has BntitmostiU olaasinalreadybeettmeone of thaCountess Ch. de MeroaeCountess deinto France. Oa the 9lhaatablishsd widely firmly daOj-hJneelPrincess Royal wnen she was made a vrife. last great court dinner, on Wednesday, It was re- those who remained at work. He advised;in- general council tp examine the question whether or for irregular attendance at church.— only in their interest and- S^i1_ _ Jlttle Prinsess,' is quite satisfied on that subject of aatloaal solicitude, and gives a testimonial trait in hU koibaBd's character. ' It Is very charming to see-flu Pitace of Prussia and Prince Frederic William OtKf an erar together. I suppose their mutual love U aoBeUilng wonderful; the father seems to lean upon-bein^twaaty guests, and comprised the French Ambas-sador aad the Countess de Persigny, ttie Cotmtde'Ap-them, streets,the with a view to to upon masters, comingbeing condBoied aaA managed merely as agoits for the aseoiB- plistisent of party purposes. They have, therefoc^ no tiigher authority and no stronger elalm to eoo^that union has falsified all tbe dull stories that marked that the King for the first time partook of the stead of in idle walkingto not the fall of the temporal power of the Eight negroes wera sold in front of the St. Louis Pope maysays:We hear of the firstthe ol binding England and France Importancewhere neither of the shall be a member of personsof.aaydallyRue de Lyon, who had made up liis prescriptions, to invested with the command of the force of volunteer six days imprisonment and 10<)f. fine.ytars. Baltimore•fNaples.The Chamber of Commerceyearly out of the Coa- .oUdUedFuBd siace 1843, lor thetilt:poblieatloncocument on to allude gt>esIndustry which haveof coal, Old the iron foundries. It then states that emmeat regularly paid interest to a stnkiu BWBber was iaanad oo the ISIh ef 8eptert>et, 18*1,the commercial treaty with France as afaown oflictal correspondence, will tie read with considera- ble interest It appears that Mr. Cobden, when onthe of starting for Parts, some Urae a^o, had aa pointinterview with Lord John Ruisell. to whom be sug-gestedproepeetbavlagBombayamoag this Freatdeacy, with the object of Inteliocmal rec- and the member for Rochdale proceeded to the csitbouee superintending th© Some bothutaamen of France. reation. Mr. Mahlputram Roopram, a de'puty inspec- French capital, and lost no time in placing nlsnseif In itme about mid-day, the fema>e was in tha act of were to be of the of Friends.1 Be wta marked attention while, at tor la the educatioaal department, and a Brahmincommunication with H. Rouher. Mr. Cobden acted tumlna tbe flag, when It came in contact wltk thethat a flew hours terminated Usrequired Eeciety Onthenightofthe3danumberofYaleCollegetheeouBtry.Tha TIMES UI new a Actch of the beneficent Infla-'JSXSii^patad oammerce upon our loctal and accompanied by two Hindoo servants- The notion• • ^^!¥!?L'""**"'"'' • Is }itttli, we are entering apon a has doubtless long siace exploded among the educa- pMtmi vUcIl ha* bean tubered im by Ute anOlnclt- ted Hindoos, that crosslag the waters of the IndusAre. Inamomentsisten. Napoleontimehad withdrawn fromn» Bnuaela jonmala contain the following: ^eld to bail to answer for a libel upon the AmericanBetfieidden." The result was that, on the I7th of January, sey— against the Central Railroad CompanyThe HudsonGastlU understands that'"Tke project of marriage betireen the Prince of Life Insurance and Trust Company ; and Mr. Greene, of the Simdajt Transcript^ Is under bonds to appear(N. T.)Lord Cowley and Mr. Cobden were appointed joint -which brings up the questien whether a railroad, the Spiritualists ef that city are atiout to erect a e«Hitentioiis are esseatlal to tlie iiii.«eiiiUi.ia of paaUaCnaga aad the Princess Alice of'fee ftUr decided on, as well as the visityonu oovpto wUl pay to King Leopold, the great-un- «kO(ttw Dilde, When their royal highnesses shallp and six dais afterwards- the treaty which was laid down with the consent of ttie adjoin- cburoh and form acongregatiOB. A hold- en.potentiaries, gentleman;delegatestrike, and tbe best way ot obtaining the advance.Prin-named Hurst, addressed Henryjail at Aylesbury, England, received a note on the 3ddirectly connected witli the party nr£inliillf>aatowas signed. On the 3l8t of January. Lord John Rus- ing land-owner, caa tie disturbed and removed after ing the faith baa offered a lot of ground on Union- Uberty. aBd to the vigorous and re^ioBsible ooadoet ateditors arewithlibel-suits. Mr.Flsnigan,oftheDailfxVciu,ishas been the Governor, and pardonedbyelection of a buUding thereon.Awith party organizatlona, it (tocllnea to bedoctor,at liberty, resumes his attacks upon Smith.beingwasheld atThe New-Orleans Morphy, whom we claim asrelationsEnglandMr. Paul New-Orleans boy, has returned to his native home, after winning abundant: says "the cial provedbetween footing."their instrament Party organs are nifloieat- Every party and every factloB has its repreaeBtattvaa-treaty were to be prosecuted, the matter could nottie intrusted to better hands than those of Mr. Cob- companies Supreme" because that consent was not sell conveyed to the two plenlootenUaries, Her Maj- several-years' runBlng,esty's entire approval of the aoie and judicious man- put in writliig, and ttiat too by a purchaser of the land,ner in which had aarried to a successful issue- who had no interett la it when the road was laid theystreet an* tbey are now engaged in arranging for the fee Administration. But wiiile it doaa not tjoamlAwhich was held on Moor Flat, and at which tietween 10,000 and 12,000 were present, is thus sketched:—"Aits cussed.terminus,and retained advocates ia tbegreat majority of the jonraals of the ViMtd Stataa-from' •aas Allea Maud Maiy, of England, Dachess of Sue tions of his great genius in the estimation of the moat them at consldeable length on the subject of the ment The first would be tbe excommunication of ult frem the governor, to the effect that in a week MsBolton,atieut theisetafioau A friend In Berlin, who often sees repasi together with his guests. He has usually, in- go home and behave peaceably. He proposed that not be ascritied to the imprudent concessions made Court-house afew days ago. Tbey tirought $6,175,;already to-dayupon,' knotisticks,' sought the assistance of tbejournals relate an extraordinary InthemidstofdivineserviceintheChurchofidideeded'by a grand t>anquet. Covers were laid for that if the Ministry should tie tlirown out upon.- it theprincipal clergyman of the church five times with a large hunting-knife,tha Marquis d'Azeglio, the Prussian Ministersiiaplyp Countess Bemstorff, the Russian Minister a%"The officers of the Great Easternhave presented Dr. Watson, who so nobly exerted himself to save the life of their late mucb-belovedwith a handsome motmt- pipe, tieautlfullyasamarkof andesteemlor respectThe Franc-Comtois relates a rnnarkable in- stance of female courage and presence of mind, which occurred a few days since at Besan^on. About seven in the evening, a man rang at the door of an apartment on the third floor of a house in the Rue Ste.are serious.of Upwards fortytiim over and his neck. breakinggroupsdeed, sat at a table with tne rest, but he has not taken two coiJiers lie selected from each pit as a deputationby tbe Holy See in Concordats, and whether thosein sums 50varying from $490 for Harriet years old,years old, and two children, 3County (Mass.,) Manager to the Vice Regent for Massachu- setts of the Ladies' Mount Vernon Association, re-any food. His healthhas but he will have to waitconcessions ought not to be retracted, as the principles of the Church.Potsdam,contrarytoimproved,for some weeks. His medi-$1,500 for Harriet 20 years old and child 4, andto abstain fromcal men iiave orderedsomewhat broken through their rules."The Coarrier du Havre says that Mr. Cobden,on passing through Lyons, on his way to Nice, hadseveral intervlows -with leading manufacturers. Hetold them that in his opinion very little account need cans, ,&c. On the whole the turnouts have generallyhunting this,arrangement.23 respectively.of thebers of Parliament about tbe treaty of commerce. Hetie takensusceptibilitiesandof course rescued, and the assailant arrested. The cal Institute, in Concord, N. U., was instantly killed/ The TIMES asserts for JotiaaAusabut he hasbut towards afternoon theThe Prussiannot doubt that it would but he was sureIThe victim wasJ. W.Calkins,a studentat the Methodist Bibli-partlsana. ablglter;new Cabinet would be constrained by public to rati^ tbe treaty.journals do not state the cause of this strange attack ; while neittier do they say it the woimds of the clergyman Friday,foaaUoacommander,silver, general character,the in publicpassopinionturningtbe railroad forttan this.taiaed advocate of any politieal party., it claims thasteamshiphuman skeletons wereing, throwingThe Second Chamber of Berlin has just had aand admiration of his conduct Anne, occupied by a clerk at Ithe savings-bank,Prussia, however, is in favor of the tptai suppression of those antiquated ctiarges.aadwhich involves detrlmeat or (Uaaster to the oouBtrron the occasion of the recent melancholy accident in the river Itchen.to lie alone at theinterview with Baron Sctirenck, the Minister of For- eign AflTairs, and with Gen. Luder, Minister of War, and is shortly to be received by the King.he drew a cord from his pocket, tied her legs, andThe Invalide Russe, in a of the 4th If is contemplated by the Directors of the Atlan- supplementult, gives the following intelligence: "The Com- tic Telegraph Company to attempt, in the eourse of- public men,—neither distorting aor axaggaratiag (aahsThe work of laying the pedestal for the Clay Statue, in New-Orleans, has been commenced. TheAt a meeting of tne General Committee of theA new avenue, parallel with Tremont-street, Boston, and extending from Park-square to Pleasant- street, to Brookllne, is about to lie opened.Mr. David Nevins has purchased the real estate of the late Pemberton Mills for $76,000, and will erect a new fire-proof mill upon the site.An Irishman named Daniel Shehan, aged 50, committed suicide in Portland wiiile temporarily de-^^^ LITBRART AND ART ITEMS.and now tlie work, having been commenced, will go steadily on to completion, so as to enable the statue to be inaugarated on the i2th of April ensuing.The King of Sardinia set out for Milan on thehud been partially para!)zed,and received permis- sion to exhibit an electric apparatus in the streets ofgramme, printed in ancient characters, bore the foi- 15th ult. The was to repair thither illshutlowiCK beading :Theatre de Pompeii ; reouv*rture also. The influx of foreigners at Milan is represent- prote^led that he had no inteiition to do anytfiing" Diplomatic Bodyapparatus,prescribedapret vne rtlacke de 1800 anSy pour cause de r'epira- ed as enormous. Ail the hotels are full, and the mu- ttioiig. end he stated that from many poor persons ontions.'^ Both authors and actors were warmly ap- plauded by the Illustrious company preseHt. After thetheatrical performance, at 1 i o'clock, danc'mg com- menced,andwaskeptupuntilafter3o'clock. TheirThe conespondent ot the Baltimore Sun writesIt. Schraner, Superior Councilor of Regency from Wasbington that Gov. Houston has by telegraph stances into consideration, oniv fined iiim 5f.named Carrested and lodged In the prison of Cosne. TillsdemningdenoBnclBg everySdag ia all of theaaThe advice of Mr. Hurst was toto $t,750forElot8e,somesome extent actedstreets again tiegan to fill. Several of tiie men termedlice to escort them to their work and back. At onethere are of at and on upwards thirty work,heard from tberied to tlM place they were astounded to find that thecollieryleaving off a numlit.r of boys followed ttiem, tieatingvestry,personshur-IBaitHiesa Brunnow, Viscount and Viscountess FalmeistoD, Viscount and Vlacoimtess Stratford de 'Xadelifle, Lord and Lady John Russell, Lord andLadyWodebotise,andthetwoSecretariesoftheEm- edwith'feaaay. Shortly t>efore ten the company began to tils'asaasble for the dramatic entertainment. The tem-porarratage was erected in the reception saloon,riTMlig on the Conservatory, and was tastefullyiliijiiil. and in front were arranged a large number The Austrian General Baron Mayerhofer has ar- tomurdcr her if she refused. Seeing her hesitate, field. He possesses, it is said, tietween 90,eS0f. and thers, trader at Salisbury Mills, Mass., committed su- at large.of oe auMt beantifal flowering plants. Immediately rived at Munich, from Vienna, for the purpose, it is he was proceeding to execute Ua threat by strangling I00,00of., and he wlllbe required to^xpkln bow he icide by tianglng himself in tbe cellar of his store, Its first great aim is to become a RKLIABLBmHar the Duchess of Cambridge's entrance the per- said, of obtaining authorization for enlisting soldiers h«r,when Mme. C pointed to a drawer, which obtained that sum. Tbe local jammals add that the while insane. He leaves a widow, who is insaae, and fonaaaees odhuneneed, the title of the pieces played in Bavaria for the Pontifical army. He has had an she said contained 260f. Having taken the money, man's sister committed suicide some years ago. two sons from 16 to 21 years old.whose wifemoment. On entering the fellow immediately order-hapcieneded Mme. C to give him all her money, threatening,man, whose name is Guillot, 48 years of age. protestsOn Tuesday, March 6, Deacon William Carru.A knife within her reach Mme. beingthen went off.C instantly cut the cord and ran aftercrying out "Thieves!" She was so quick in hertbeThe and on the of the The Dayton, Ohio, Journal publishes the mar- movements that she overtook the man on the stairs, tills day received from the chief of the right wing a the Atlantic cable, in order to remedy the defective•aaembers of the corps dtplomatique,Emperor Express, nightrobber,mander-in-Chief of the army of the Caucasus has the ensuing Summer, to raise the injured portion ofJ4aalt., tmnored with their presence a charming riagefit* given at the Villa ef Prince Napoleon, in the Aveatie Montaigne. About 300 persons were In-Tlted. aad among them several of the Ministers,ICanaals of France, members of the diplomatic body-aadaf fiie great bodies of the State, members of theInstitute, ilierary men, artists, <&c. They?;; was givenla hoiKK' of the anniversary of the marriage of thePriaeewiththePrincessClotilda. Thebuildingwas comer-stonehasbeenremovedfromthespotinwhichbeautifully decoiated for the occasion, and dazzling It was temporarily placed, and put in its permanent recovered tbe use of hi.*; eyes, tongue and ears, which with light. The entertainments commenced by aon the 2Sth ult, at 9 o'clock A. M. In the same paper appears the notice of his death on the day of his nup- tials, at half-past twelve o'clock P. M. The de- ceased was in ills 21st year.singlethermometer did not lately stand below freezinghave a queeV way of treating quacks in France. A poor fellow who had received so violent a shock while making chenMcai experiments that he Had to be commi'.tcd to the hospital at Bicetre, finallyTheyNot content with this, in order to increase his2.75Paris.profit.^, representedits tone wiUbetopiaa entirely independ-he malHc'ies,himself to be of cipible curing13r. 4d. remains in hand. The rest was s pent in thetraveling expenses of exiles from Ireland, and to ranged. places selected by them in France, Italy, Sardinia,&c.. in clothinp. subsistence in London, or gratuityreceived on reaching destination, remitted to Turin, Florence, &c.anl rathsr thanhas been obliged to request tiie inbabitauts whom he had operated, or for whom he had prescrib-nicipalitywho are willing to let their apartments to send in their addresses.es, be had taken no liereceivedan.e.xceitent money.character, and it was stated that he had made im-The Louisville Journal states that onA model of the sculptures of Elensis, whichwere discovered while the foundation of a diggingtional agitation which disturbspeace and threat-H o'clock.In Prussia, who died last year at Berlin, wishing to requested Major Ben. McCulloch to repair to Texas rondemned an apothecary, of the name of Caivet,night, Mitrch 3,city,Majesties retired at 1all circum- remarkable. The tribunal, tnking theattention at the Academic des Beaux Arts, in Paris.and uotonly operatedon sick witn personsfor them. Tne manent, itargumentinvective, lajjrovemeats in Ms electric apparatus w hich were very"one man wasS.iturdaymurdered city,theattracting great ens the welfare of the Federal Union. It wiBex-£ialr at Broussa, requesting a few lines for hisalbum. Aixlel Eader received the request rather asa compliment than otherwise, and returned an an-swer to M. Schroener, which, after many high-flown at Paris and London is that which was destined for converting, together witli the number of effective her physician says she cannot recover. Holmes was plain of Rharius, that sacred field where the first seeda second mission as Plenipotentiary to China, in thehope of being able, by the influence obtained in hisformer visit, to secure the ratification of the treatyofBce, therefore, ought not to act with harshness, but of Tien-tsin, and obtain an entire cessation of hostil- (screw) b afloat ; transports, Ac (screw) 18, (paddle)with mildness ; the latter is also more akin to justice. With these words of good coimsel I commend my- -self to the Prussian Councilor of Regency.—AodeliUes. 43, afloat ; mortar ships (sere*) 4 afloat ; mortar ves- There landed at Ramsgate on the 14th ult., from sels and floats 64. The total screw fleet afloat wasdespair.the mystical gift of genius, and completes the group. In spite of the enormous sums offered by th"e French Government as well as by King Otho, the munici- pal authorities" of Eleusis refused to allow these pieces to be removed.in tbe New-Haven.Press, tmder the care of the Com- mittee of PublisatioB for the Oriental Society.— A Kmiki8Cihc« of Andrew Jackson. TheCharleston Mercurt/, at the close of a long review of Pabtos's Life of AndrewJackson, gives the followingreminiscence"We had the foittme to have near and dear rel-Kader. soa of Muzi Eddin."A—*We have still inthe Dutch steamer Balavier, from Rotterdam, th.; Prince and Princess of the Netherlands and suite, «i rovie for Torquay, where they intend sojourning till May for the benefit of the health of tbe Princess.We (Leeds Mercury) understand that John Fos-:<48, paddle 111, and the number of all kinds building or converting 67. Tbe number of effectivesaiiing ships afloat was 143. The total of steaia and sailing, afloat and building, was 666.The Florence correspondent of the Bostontieen carried on for four or five months.Three men were seriously injured on Monday byan explosion In the coal pit of Roes & Co., Saw-mill Run, Penn. Tbey entered the pit with a safety-lamp,intending to go to work, but the gas not having ap-parently been entirely expelled by the pit-fan, al-though It had been some time in operation, a disas-trcuB explosion ensued, resulting dangerously, If not Bine pieees in marble, iBciuding a Sappho, busts of fatally, to one of the men, J. McDonaldson. The CoL Sam Colt and Mrs. Sigournsy, and half a dozen other two, W. Slnton and J. Murray, were botii badlyletter from Florence says;Floteace Captain Peard, the same who distinguished Umaelf during the Lombard campaign tmder tbe de-'slgnatien of Garibaldi's Englishman.' Some of theleading Tuscsn patriots have opened a sut>scrlptionto have a btist of the formidahle rifleman done inmarUe by tlie sculptor Paganucci. In the list of sub-acribets anxious to do him honor figure tlie names ofail tike ministers of state, of the Marquis Cappopi,Prjaca Strozzi, the Marquis ManneUi-Galllelr^th wasonthelith ult app<^ted Commander-in-CliIef otter Ken conspicuous for rank, talents, and cha^c— OB the Cape of Good Hope Station, in the room of toKf to say Botmng of a fair lady, the Signora EmiliaThe works of the late Hartford sculptor, E. S. Bartholomew, have been collected and put on exhibi- tion there for the benefit of his mother. There areer, Esq., of Qneenshead, England, has become the purchasershire, the property of the late Pudsey Dawson, Esq. The purchase money is said to exceed £'200,000.peoplelives are not of. despairedpieces iB plaster,A translation of a work on Hindu Astronomy isHe U a graduate of aad•""•7.*" S*.?*"!?'^perior quaUdes {„ ^ call for o^^^^T^^amodatlOBa'•S^TMelopement of Rev. servaat-glri Uring at Crox-Oapt John Bice, and liis wife EUzatietti,sUtea thatportloa of the NeapoUtaatToritT itUaOiaedthatthepMbas been traced tokilled three.The Meuse of Liege, France, states that it has re-ceived a letter, signed " A Father in Distress," re- qaefting the gtatultow tasaitioksf the foUowtog ad.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069"." ^Sfh^S^to poxfonathe lamea far whichBear-Admiral Hon. Sir Henry Keppel, K. C. B.,hurt, but theirCertain Pennsylvania blacksmiths have beenlately engaged in a contest of superiority. One, a Mr. Thomas Rambs, of Reading, made 225 horse-shoes in 95t hours. This feat was beaten by a Mr. Lewis Hause, and he again was surpassed by Mr. Joseph Mabury, of Schuy iklll Haven, who, with one striker, made 250 complete horse-shoes, in HH hours, viz.: 5 successive hours in the morning, and 3}§ hours in the afternoon. Each shoe was made of new iron, withRear-Admiral Hon. Sir Frederick W. Grey, K. C. B., whose period of command has expired.the South and the Nortli—the fall dia- uponFerazzl, whose elegant Italian hand contrasts veryagreeably with the stern, blotched scrawls of states-mcaandprofessors. Thebustistobeaccompaniedby an address, in which the devotion of the Devon-shire militiaman to the Italian cause is adroitly putin juxtaposition with Lord Byron's generous endea-vors OB behalf of the Greeks, and is looked upon as asymptom of that brotherly feeling wMch is one day tounite all the tribes of mankind in a common bo^d of The Italians in California have sent as a present A letter from St. Petersburg, in the Messager justice and humsnity."aponeharge of all theh duties under the Constitutioa, tad. will rebuke and resist every attempt on the part oif ultraists, in either seoHoa, to promote their own vlewaThe Paris of some of the Ger- correspondentsman journals state that Mr. Cobden declined the:Cross of the of Honor when offered to liim Legionby the Emperor, as an acknowledgment'of his coopera-andobjectsat theof and the expense justicepubUation in negotiating the treaty of commerce.to ICing Victor Emmanuel a sword of great valuelerests,eightA novel case of bribery has recently been de-" Occasional " writes to the Philadelphia Press" It is said that the illness of Attorney-General Black sive gold, and represents Italy, wlilie the blade bears at Nijni Novogorodare as followsterest,schemes so rife at this capital, were calculated to dls-taib the equanimity of a much more experienced par- tisan, and I am not surprised that they should* havehighly respected.The English Club at St. Petersburg has con-brought goods for sale to the amotmt of 4 miilions. Tbe total value of European goods and those from the colonies was 10,904,800 roubles, of tyhich satesrately all inlslligtnoe of gaaeral mterest ia everywUch has the merit of being strictly true. A few days ilaoe a carriage, leaving tbe courtyard of the Tullerica, pasaa^ila contravention of the orders giventhe SiicU in its action for defamationla Mr. Friend consequencehe can them in in tiie communeof keepand the are passions.against Mgr. Dupanloup, Bishop of Orleans, and M. Berryer for therefused it theAs a vine-dresser, residingsubjection;.workmanship."chandise brought to the fair is estimated at'l05 mil-when the volunteersto the sentfawl^ Virough the central gate and tri-unpbal arch offlie carrousel, which passage is re-aerred for the Emperor. The Captain of Voitigeurscommanding the guard of the day, as a ptmishment,sentenced the two fentries to a week's confine-ment. The Prince Imperial heard of what had George W. Cass, the brother of Secretary Cass,a cavity in the stone. On examining the hole, he found a vase wliich had been broken by one of the blows, and exposed to view a number ot^stiver coins in a perfect state of preservation. They date back totrooper. I have read all the lives of WASHiacTOS, andtaken place, and on after to take his usualthe carn&Keyou to pardon the sentriesaoldiera punished.' The captain resisted as well aswho a German peddler at Mt In Plaquemine Parish, La., Feb. 23, a bloody Holly, eight years ago. The wimess against tilm is ills own son, who says his father shot the peddler inPresident^^^^^^^^^^^^^stopped,andcalling ;I begleavingdrive, seeingwliichhe hadEmpe-A man has been arrested at Salem, N.J.,the palace a stiort timethe captain, hadIn its Coaaaspoaniiioi, both Foreign aad Domesticto tiim, said, 'I do not like seeing thepayment Josephis chargedwithmurderinganyof Fiaanciai, Commercial and Gea-and Crimhu*and of beautifulTheliilt is in mas-:of Tennessee were called out to avengetbemassacreofFortMims. Howwouldtheyan appropriate inscription.M. Eumpff, who for many years has been Minis-was owing him, and offered to discbarge a debt of be confounded to hear, now, that Old Hickory was the general prosperity of the eommiinity. Its infia*-greatly affected the tranquillity of the Attorney-Gen- ferred on the Prince Bariatinski the title of Honorary were effected for the sum of 9,3(55,000 rouMes. The eraL Judge Black will never be a political leader. Member, and a few days since invited him to a grand amotmt of Kussiaa merchandise was 76,714,000 rou-ster County, N. Y., ia^vhich the plaintiff claimed that the peculiar virtues of partisan patrlotisin in the art of viaious tastes, and will exclude &om ita coliuaaaHe is a fine scholar and a most facile and ready news- 'writer. His ambition is really to obtain a posl- gsopneron the Supreme Bench, and If^ he can continue on the right side of the Presiileat, he may, in the event of a vacancy, close Ills care^r-as a member ofthat high tribunal." The following is an anecdote," says the Pays^ ••banquet, at which covers were laid for 250.Tice-Admiral Remain Desfosses, who has just the tea brought to the fair was 8,976,000 roubles, butby the carelessness of one Wiesuer, tils (plaintiff's)oldsnan. "Reflectforeverythingthat .might render it unsafe er improperquitted the command of ttie experimental s<iuadron in the Mediterranean, is about to leave for Italy, and will spend some time at Nice, Genoa and La Spezzia.M. Jules Favre will, it is saiJ, be counsel forthe sales only amounted to 136,000."The Brighton (Eng.) Guardian says; "In themonth of December. Mr. James Friend, grocer, losta child which had not been baptised, and the clergymanchild's body, and Mr. Ballard, a miller, read some re- ligiousserviceatthegrave. Forthisviolationofec- clesiastical law they were cited by the bishop of thethe promoU the public weltsre by nrgiag tha 'Right Rev. Prelate.The personal safety of His Holiness at the Vati-Pommier, (Rhi'ne,) was working, a few days ago, in the powers by which the virtuoefstexrericbultee their duties. Gen. WABmuaTON was a man passions, too,can is henceforward to be more effectually providedopenof JACK605, is, that he was more closely modeled upon the character of WAseataios—and without knowing it—than any living man. And their Uves have notfor a of 24 men from the 'civic by guard newly-etu-olledadmitted having promptly theappealmotive of action, aad the paace and weUhre of thaforce, denoiainated Guardia Palatina.on the 27th ult, left tils home in the M usklngumhearing,Olilo to visit Valley,not seen since 1796.Cincinnati,city—The disease MuBKAiN IB MAasAOHUSgiTS.other Americaa JoumaL Its RapoSTS of Congressional and Legisla-M. Schefer, Secretary Interpreter feW days.of Rev. Prof. Huntington has been accepted by the Fellows of Harvard University, and tils connection with the college will cease at anearly day.President Woolsey, of Yale College, delivered aamongthe cattle la North Brookfield, Mass.,srepresentative, who is expected to arrive there In aInterest «» will be full, pfoiaptresignationthorough investigation The chest was filled to iu utmost capacity with A letter from Stockholm states that the Com- straw-colored cerum, portions of which had coagu- mittee charged with the examination of the budget of lated and formed nearly a pound of colorless albameiudiscourseM Louia Veuillot embarked at Marseilles on theand fired several times at Houssieau, one oi the balls takingfound to be very mueh13th ult, on board the Vatican, (the sel is a slnguiar coincidence)Brown Is now dangerously illA correspondent informs the Boston Traveller20,000OSnU-itBT.Commodore Darid Geisinger, of the Unitedmal which they had bought in Albany, but which was atNavy,died at his residence in Philadelphia,side and if it is the rightMarch 5.the oldest officers of the Navy. His commlasionHe was in bis 70th year,of the firm, while on his way to Washington, a short time since, was arrested in Boston. It is stated, also, that a Roxbury dealer sold thsm a large qnantl^ of syrup. for theaasbraeos aeoia- digest of tha aewa ol tlM praoadiag week,foatniaa. It will also ooarhe was an active participant, aad was on board thethanoldones.Thi Niw Wab Stiamkb SiOISA^.-WUh mer and Gardaner, a deaartaMat which hasFar-Waij, b«r cruise on duringLoss of arm, 97 rone leg, 151Upon thelimb (average ageyears,)legs, ;-tot^circumstance he owed his never life,U the CommandantteTwMt 9w au oo» leauas—Cash larariahtyresiding life oa Feb. 7, wlthU a few iMHUa of eaah other, the former at the age of 88 yaaia, aad the latter at the age of 91, tliat day being «r ttlt MeoagUabed hypeeiite, dortsg hto tha aaatrcnaiT •< •« Mitb. They ware anted atwith aIs Dover, Vt,bothdapaitsdthisanay tolSW^ onSpJ*laiool«reaai«riei^i^S^ > Mte U t» b* tnMBttted,BOtiie &llh la her•^d ?tJS«thto weather la safety any galea of wiciaddtMMd » tCU T*Mii''»N?W-Yo«k-CI^ito theis ex-name of the ves- for Rome.UOO rixdalers for the manufacture of SO.MO rixdalers for the works of the corps.A great meeting of the Roman Catholicsgiven m the d»« 'heard of afterwards. Commodore Geisinger""*capiasoneaddraa,tainsofthe. Denison Kimballrep- In the year 18J8 he was elected State's At-last DUbllc "iTtowtwasproposed, TotbeConstitntion,asbeing°'Washington, which pesitioa deaSi.proejinityPriTata accountsmeasures to teiaaof J"^"'^oSffsicMfe^«^d^*^'» nnqu^«edIs atteatioii, fromand was amongpurehaiera representationswere uafonnded. A memberfor tbe Wasp wasA grand ball was given lately at Kronstadt, inTraniylvanla, in oliich the different nationallUes ofthe coimtry were all represented in their appropriatecoctumes. Speechesweremadeinfavoroftheunion;;Fm Dauuaieaeaddraas, Imb Douuat; taaeoplaa \» em» •*-•**» ta a*-asArmy since the commencement of the Russian war, for loas^ oungjailing ships, on the tst day of February, 1860Slavixt, while it will never seek occasion for thrtial- ing it upon public attention, it will not sliriak frona Its discussion whenever it shall be brought pnnBlneat-ly before the cotmtry, and made thebut it will treat it aa a localthe creature of local law, and subject to the eicla-block ships (screw) afloat, 'J ;obligationpublle InstitalieB,13— 5•juilding 15 dle) 2-J, afloatailoat, '.i3;total, 21sloops (screw) 45, (paddle) 35, afloat, total, 95; small vessels (screw) 3, (pad-Florence, next to Paris, and per- of the Hornby Castle Estate, North Lanca- haps Rome, is beeoming very rapidly a European; —fiu Midi, contains the following details of the last fair' A man went to one of his aeigh. to the opposite party in politics, who;The total amount of mer-belongingways in the interest ef Order, the Public Peace andlions 01 roubles (4 francs each ;) the capital represent- ing the exchange of merchandise amounted to 200not a South Carolinian1ease will be uniformly conservative, without aa^-thealidomen. JosiahBrownthencaiaeup,effect in tils back, inflicting a flesh-wouad. Aifreacoiapreased. One gritty surface to the touch, and w as so dease that it quiskly sunk whan placed ia w ater, sbowlag that its spedfic grarlty waa unnattir- ally great Such wa* the appearance of ttie diseased organsintheanimalwliichIsawthisafternoon. Bnt eye-witaesses of other examinations state that inthat a failure lately atilre for tl7,000.New-Hamp-BO iungs at all cauld be found, aad in and that the air calls were filled with a colorless mu--^lecuo^thebut sometimes onesame syrup forwnicb he tiad their name.S: left375. Characters; Good, 11 ;—total, 374.sUtoment that the war steamerof the Magyars," Theand also o/its stability;caused muchexamination of an animal,which, been taken havingTrials, and of whatever nay have special the great body ef the community,frigates (screw) 25, (pad-gunvesseis and gunboats (screw) 169 fl<iating batteriesdress with a so and full of gesture gracefuldignity,in wliiGh it exists. The Tikis will resist every attempt and will denounce every propoaition, to wage war upon it from without, or to exeite the fears, wouaA the pride, and arouse the resentments of those Btatas which may be disposed or obliged to permit ita oontinued existence. But it will also oppose every endeavor to extend it into regions sow tne freea its influence, to reopen tlie Slave-trade wltti Afiriea, to impose the laws and the principles ob which Itfor aatests upon other States, and to exact it aadaeshare of infiueace and of power in the Councils et theConfederacy. It will press upoaallsacttoaa—;buildmg—total. I9i: ;he had made a mistake in that works, and telling them everyslve supervision and control of the commuaitiesTranscript writescentre for the reunion of Amertcans, as well as theof other nations. Tills season, the wealthiest iiireign visitors have been from our country, and they have taken the lead also as to numbers. The land- lords have fotmd their aecotmt in giving them the best accommodation in their hotels, and mine host has been al.owed to foot up some pretty plethoric bills, if the colony of our country people permanently es- labllshed here (wiilch Is already coosiderabie) con- -inues to increase, It will be necessary, before long, to send out persons skilled in the various professions, as to a new settlement—such as chaplains, physi- cians, dentists, bankers, <tc.—to look after various in-:and watch and nurse the new social germ springing up in a foreign soil.double nail boles. punchedatives, whose sojourn in Lancaster District at anearly period, in Tennessee and elsewhere in theWest, made them perfectly Intimate with Aanuw good.occurred in a town inThe failure was said to have beeneehjneou.trZrZ:^^^TProi'ce^,-T'a^as. Dau.Aas a year; twaprecipitated by the seizure of $4,400 worth oflo one address, Fiva DsLUBS address, TwMTi Doitaaa.total-, iron-cased ships; butitinsist always upon a faithful adherence to the Con- man was shot, but not dangerously wounded. On Sun- These sculptures are evidently the remains of the for the Judicial authorities afday night, about 12 o'clock, a woman named Alice temple of Trlptolemus. Only three personages have stitution, respectfrom about as lieen discovered. The of which—PiedmontIt is understood that Lord Elgin will undertake (screw)bui!ding 4,coneties (screw) afloat I6,buiidlng hand in to the chief clerk over statements of time, for dess, which her botmty has bestowed upon him.tral Italy tohas been detected In afraud. He would to slirink from thetheme ofbles, the sales only being for 4,541.000. The value of powder-mill was exploded at a lossoffor•True," said theyourself,burial rite,and his party invaded the churchyard, and buried illsdiocese in the Arclies Court,and the case came on forthe impression made upon me, by my knowledgeto those with whom success is the first partybut the defendantstheir error and declared themselves penitentgood bishop, through tiii proctor, desired that they been m circulation. might be leniently dealt with in consequence of theirprompt submission, and they were accordingly let offwith an admonition and of costs."Houssaieau, Alfred The cause of the difficul- Housieau got on board of the ferry-boat to cross tbe river, when a quarrel ensued between him and Alfred Brown, which caused Brown to strike liim. whereupon Houssieau puUsd out a pistol and shot him in the knee. Brown then called his brother, Josiah Brown, to bring him something to deftnd himself with. During this time, Houssieau shut him again, the bail wounding lilm (Browni inbetween Brown and Josiah Brown. ty seems to have been thistivewoods, and buried the wagoa in a coal-pit. The dis- Advertiser thus de scribes the result of the post-mortem eral Intelligence, of Important LegalaUeopts to excHasatis.'actloB tbe otplacing der interdict theaffair Bruck, nearand 5Mrs. C. L. Huntington, the Essexrapraseat.always more or leas aa(-:As a general thing they are read;branches acquired developmentthe of tha yooagertIts productions England free of duty, uid cannot,siUl more closely tog>fthter by the bonds of trade andEngland from commerce. His lordship i;ladlytook up the proposal, beatjnr it in the best apartment of his cable, ske in an the Act ath ana 7tb WlUiam IV. cap. 85, and 7th, for enterprise, energy, andthe unfortunare wooaan was en- veloped in flames, from the retulla of which she died.is before tbe Court of New Jer- the field.meetingand France on an Im- jolning land, wboce legal title extendi to tbe centre of cotmty, N. Y., March 5, to-take into consideration thefor the commer- down. It Is contended that the presentonner of thead- importantnegotiations placing"Mr. James Hill, a prisoner for debt in the countyand when somedeacon, who had only just before tieen reading somepubUcas their statements arefound In a field at Lacelle sur Loire,France,propositionbroughtlieforeitbysomeofitsmembersfor reducingthetollduesontheRhine. Theopinionofparties, Ihem auiy tend to the promotion of the public good, aad aoa-has been determined by the authorities that they arethose of persons who have been murdered. Theyhave accordingly caused the owner of the field to be—^provingandoidlagwhatever inanya^that he cannot tell how the akeietons came into theportion, and to bring it into working order. According to atmospherical accounts received, He succeeded in getting away. From tbe quantity of ally. This tribe is the Natoukhais, wbo live between there is not a town in France in which theto all alike. It doesjustice aot pt»-of Mr. Stephen S. Doggett to Miss Emma L' andHarris, tioth of that city. The ceremony took place htm in tbe neck and made him drop 200f. of the money. Circassia had just submitted to Russia uncondition-equalwhile It will discusslioldly attacking—connected withblood on the stalls it ishave received a serious wound.that the roober musttbe rivers Adagoun and Neberdjai, the Black Sea andtheKouban. Asaguaranteeoftheirloyaltyandde-votedness, the Natoukhais have given seventeen hos- tagesbelongingtotheirhighestfamilies,andarenow tigrade,(29.75to taking the oaths of allegiance."him with the knife, wounded aimouncing that one of the powerful tribes of reportthoughtExiles Fund, held on the 15th ult, in Lon- don, the Earl of Sliaftesbury in the chair, the sub- Committee reported the amount of subscriptions re- ceived, and tbe further details of expenditure. Tbesum was 2s. 3d., of which a balance of i;64 i;i0,556,Neapolitanany Party,— solelyest of Truth and Jusiace. and for the promotioB of tiiein thatan attempt was made to murder another, and a wolschool-house at that ancient isNew-Albany, only14 years old, living In a den on Marshall- street, keptyet bas-relief, the nation, and a strict compliance with tlie Ihey form the subject, is supposed to have teen theA return to an order of the House of CommonsThe mission with which Count Arese is charged shows the number of steamships afloat, building, and by Frank Holmes. The tiall entered her side, and Trlptolemus tbe gram desUsed to spring up In the zens ot a common cotmtry. Upon the subject ofRangers about to be organized in that State.a woman who calls herself JuliaCeres is on duties and obligations which devolve upon the citi- bestowingwas shotdrunk, and he says the pistol went off accidentally.A time keeper in the Ralway Bolt and Pin Works of Messrs. Western <t Grice. WestBromwich, (Eng.,)of thewas sown, and where the first fruit "was gathered. Nothing can be more graceful than the figure of Trlp-byDean,frontispiecetemple.latelyand it;singularwhich the 500 boys and girls under his charge bad been engaged, and alter they had received their pay, ha would intercept them before they had left meartist wlio beholds turns away in computing their time, would receive back the extra Proserpine, meanwhile, standing behind the youth, wages which bad been given them. Tills fraud had places her hand upon ills head to bestow upon himby SupremePii) in the famous expedition into the Creek country,m every department of public action, and al-bors,$165 if he would use his Influence to have him elect-andthe debt invalid. called me attention of this old friend and venerable A case was recently tried before a Court in Ul- relative to the charges. 'Are these thmgs true!' we asked, in the Innocence of our iwyhood, not knowingof thethe time, and the man now arrested was suspected of having murdered him, but without definite reason.appearancepeddlerexcitement atthe Governmentthe creation of three batteries of rifled cannonlungswere portion presentedof everr additionarm, 122; rightreference to nay,, lately builtPrlae Two Deiuia a year:720,000 rixdalers (5T. 70c. each) :is issued e. the moriiing ..y.andcontalnsmof^"t^^.f"^J^jjlThe Adjutant-Geaeral of theBritishconsist of about 80,000 men, but there are large bodies of troops in the Tyrol and in Carinthla. Tlie companies of the regi-The Austrian armyiniUure, as follows:Ci;!nTM«"f Touc« writes to Secretaryareao that they are still on a peace footing.and jne^mjgm^ ^w^er^jg^^ ^^ ^^^ ^•"'"•^^t exalted terms of thesa-Wild bears are so numerous in the environs ofIndisneBsably necessary to secare tlie strength and Clirlstel, near Oraii, is Algeria, tliat they do much '^'"""',M.foflS^sJ^ »«a »a-boat,of barnmaber. forwa.*«. ap-t appaeatt-. iriTAn^noa' "-TnaaJ^ data-;abUlty*^!!^'s to b..If » hM notUantitled Document3leindifferent,46bad,tbea*ny»^" California Navy-yara,iiighly popolar.m^aMar. Uland Nav^-yard,for 450,- rifles; and topographical,postereataala, CliiB.''stodents fell to fighting Ib Chorsb-street, New-Haven,eatirely IirDBPBir-ports that she has received the sum of objectsoftheAssociation. Everytowninthecounty has contributed.aad,ared by their sentimeBta anda tiand-car onexercise. Thecrankaccidentallycaughtinhiscloth-point;raaging Fahrenheit)from I ts 5 Cen-affairs, with perfect freedom and with whateverability it can command, it will do this, not in the Inter-est, for tbe benefit or under ttie control of any pobUsman or of Political but In the inter-,the number of degreeseverythingpabticofWhile extending one hand to receive the sacred de- posit, he gathers up with the other the folds of hiscided the Court of Vermont. The facts Jacisob. One of them accompanied him (under Cor- The Thus will discuss, all topics of general la-should be so elected."Thebargaln was carried out, tbe vote was tturown derided as President candidate -derided and de- lecting any just and safe means of social er politieal and decided the election. The Court held that the nounced in South and North Carolina, as bully and While it will report promptly aad acca- contract was illegal, and the agreement to discharge brute, ignorant and profligate—we remember to have Progress.ed town reprssentatlve,he$1,000,wliich he sought to recover damages. The jury gave my sonhas filled known to ourforFahut peraaaLIt will seektoAaniiw Jicisoa a verdict for plaintiff in $1,088 77, but as it so hap- cii-U and mlhtarv,pened that Wiesner was blown to atoms by tbe explo-sion of the mill, and left no relatives or property, Itis diflieult to see how the plaintiff can be the gainer tkan great" bytheverdict. Headded "every situation,generalthe time of Charlemagne, and appear to have never!and mcouhnitmrsye,lf every situation haHsowalwsahyosuldprsouvcehd a man be otherclaims of EbrcAWOM, Mosalitt and Riuaioa apoathe masses of the people,suisions it will endeavor constaatly to be guided and controlled by the spirit of Moderatian, Patriotiaaahis vineyard, near a rock, liis pickaxe suddenly laid and, like Jacssos, is reported to have sworn like a and Common Sense. It seeks the coaAdanoe aad re-master of men.':He Is a man of terrible passions;butsomewas lungs were expanded so as to fill the entire chest can re«ier.other,side the disease is mUder than if it is the leftAppearing every Saturday memiag,hasissued the following return of pensioners discharged cattle apparently stand a better chance to recover prrbecaivedamage, and the local journalsbe taken for the destruction of them. In one day a crew and »J ^eceaaaiy laqniiaaMati for a «il,tl«a, fWly eoMl • U>«^ of MT attar Jpaaal$2,637for theeosamaal stiil less InflaeBce, beysalto the homage god-spect of reflecting men of all partlaa, but aiakes aabewi dissimilar." This was years before Jacssoh was country the lastprometioBends,tkeir withcontroversy;departmentof human actirity, it will never paadar lathe Tnixswillnotbeinferiortootbarthe City of New.York,-aBd iarapataHoalittletbe Immediate circle of tlieir ownveryattentloa,whoUyandeveryInstead of oonaanUng to tieright to judge, fairly and dispaarionately, tUtha i»-NEWSPAPER,— and reporthig promptlyfor the benefitor of the bsjaryaay, bat inailwiag.and exactfess neutrality upon any political issue, still lees faa- differease to any great political movemeat:—batweliare of the wholeWhile all uponcountry. firm, rigorouswill deal inthe language of persuasion rather than menace, and will strive to allay, by all fair and just appeals, rather than to increase by inflammatory counsels, the seo-and reliable.The price of the Kxw-Yoxx Thus, (Daily,) bynwu.a SixDollaxs year.THI SEMI-WEEKLT TIMESwithattractive Literarymay (hlrir any ottier newapapar tethat themlaopialeasand In all Its dla-tea eej^aa ta THE WXBKLY TDUIS,;„.,,,,.„.«^"'^_';^"f^'^'^^P^P„ ^j u^i„, „d mia- i=s£f^-www.fultonhistory.com 