 WHOLI KO. 8814. »HJ»W»MW»S>»VMSV»>|CEABGE Ormmas a matter of law,1*1 the bill Shag aatadus>guatrjof By tbtir finding*•* ?!!?• • »adl• m l eeriory «• jwy upon the• * ..-,» iMORNING EDmON-FRfDAY, God,stsaw .a*C**im AVila Opera,THE TURF. will begin on the 12th November, and the following operas ».,ihe Ccort doest«U the jaryurofaeoMMtis las third or ,M»T uitoa that tasuM eaSbtto t h e atteoaav to a ..^beiber it rousa as shtose t e S s T r b e ««ty of the MTT*totaketh*towtress lb*Court,sadsaerelytheirU W r w Laslsfl'awan'wlSw WHPIWp""*jr aa*ww anew t mwv nwa W.*^* a i i e t N g j • " • Ire was all tin* tbey Ha4 to do with,THS TWOTIM VS. BOUGHT AMD M M HFa Recorder Saaftk, la the oaae of fctright, desired to asks aa expiaoaUoa ta rsfstoaoa to aa asaauvrtt which he lad prsecated ysmerday, desiring a pnilfUM—I of thai trial, lieaffidavit should hare read thai Matwitness lad left tor Cocneugbt, sad sot that ha had sailed to theconclusion, is to be found neither in the Druses'lodge poateosed fw the purpose of bearing Dr. Joseph P. Thomp- nor tha Martoaites' convent, bat in tbe conclaves of the11l1;B •!•! "IW'Iff^ !'^^;!" ' »W,»H'f. 'J;.''.":"^.-* •agl-jTM •>•-.•-» « W * >*•<WSJ, M l > . tPJOlMWe Jl M l I JUl!•* I SS.JIMMi—^ " ^ TM•wasw-swunessiOKKftl>ITJwy.whobroegbttoaverdtetofguilty ofmurdertittheChrist,theMediatoraadMenial aowWfUarCff, wilU lapV LBMM?hquer.uss tobaccoitiiEisRosttoready far trial aad did aot wish to oanse any delay, of the picturesque scenery about Bsyrout, with iDistrict Attorney, in referring to Ihsoaaaof Ea notices of the ancient monuments thereabouts,thai ho oaaM not be expected to road a 1 descriptions of the Lebanon aad aatlLebanoa i*t lewtpapert, and ho ramUy did not know whether thehas completed a cargo of 6,400 bbls superfine flour. The li.ru g irm to destruction? The smouldering fires worm, bohny, brooding days peculiar to the season, as if ship Vam Flush Is chartered to load grain for Cork. Money of the Revolution have now , In 1780, burst out our good mother Nature, exhausted with ber eflbrts to continues easy. Last steamer's days' engagements were in furious flames, sad Paris ts a scene of anarchv produitog such a splendid harvest as has blessed our met with unusual facility, notwithstanding the large and bloodshed. The Bastlle is taken by tbe mob, andna i u about two' or three bourn before the murder that not the Druses, but the Musselman Turks were reTotal. .1,310 1J65 1,340Alker's majority 409i- **k place: be was standing close by the place where at murder took place at the time he btd tbe knife Iq la band; the fence was a wooden fence, about eight feetsponsible for most of tbe barbarous atrocities committed dating tbe late war. The Moslems out or Constantinople, and with no appreciation of tbe recent political changes, bate Christians worse than ever since the Crimean war and tbe treaty of Paris. During the applause which fol-down. B e is positive whijb is No 9, sad be points it out. "BowSoyouknowthatthatiaNoOf"asksthe proprietor. "I know it by this little turn ap at the edge," replies the knowing one, and thereupon be turns his back so as to give bis friend the chance to remove tbe markSets eiam.oed by W. H. Antlion, for the defence—Cun-najbam was a strong man; the blade of the knife was lowed Dr. Bocks, President of the Society, took theThe vote of Engine Companies Xoe. 4 and 8 werethrown out, and tbe vote of Engine Company No. 36 pro I) P MillshCo.... 32 000 Cither shippers... .1 60 800 Tonight Mr.. Forrest will play King Lear for the from that card and put it on another, and thenat fattened to tbe beadle by a rivet; it was a small chair,aad introduced Dr. Wm H. Thompson, who wasSetkat>(smallerthentheoneshowntomeasHodg i; do cot know of any prev tons quarrel having ex tod between the two men; they were together as friendss thattime; about a minute or two elapssd between the am ae urn d tJ look down the street and the tine hahe heard the tcotiiiag; the prisoner's toco was swaMatbeicceasedattbetimehewasmovingback nrii"fc*ards tha fence; the deeoasod had his keek to- wrat ate, cannot be certain whether the deceased'stested. Tbe election of Mr. Alker reflects great credit Henry Hentiseh. . 31,100 upon the deportment, ss be is an efficient and valuablebut time. Oo Sitnriay the "Dead Heart" will be re change their relative positions. "Are yon sore this is No.>n t h b dthe w * J ? T **** *» ***** °P' * * ' ft*** bis consent to sHas scheme of civll>z«Moa.which occurred at the dance house or John Green, No* the western turn on the homestretch was reached. 076 Water street, on Wednssday sight, between William Here Putnam gained oa his advegaery. The two horses Green, a brother of the proprietor, and John McSaire, fame to seek and neck, till, y tbe judges' stead was terminated fatally. Green contieoed to shtk rapidly dur reached, Putnam managed to seta neat ahead, and won«*» a^l"reaadyv tpockttjn of on the toft side of the * below theT h s D r u s e s a r e t h e b e s t o r t b e A r a b s , a n d t h e A r a b s>e c a r t d l a g e o o f t b e s e c o n d r i b ; o n o p e n i n , ; etti tc*re •""•bsteisliuifmhtithickening of the"ag the *"»*, sad a slight effaston of blood them the brain was otherwise healthy; oa cheat the wound bad penetrated into iu thrvQgh * sofegswent, wounding the interior rwbtainit tolewlhVrt'w'oa' to^toMm*! surface,crest commercial city like New Orleans. Phelps &Co , esith. ,•"••ksm^i—as wooad was strstoht, batkest aSjL __,_,.ftrter ^totooi?bhTsl*m»%3rhaving Intimate re'alions with the Persians and goveraedbyaq«#ec—for,befor-Mahomet,womenseemtohave bomet, women seem to naveheld no andietmguisfced place among the fastorn matroas. C l e o p a t r a a n d t h e v a e e n o f S in e b * w e r e n o t t h e o n l y n o b l evertisingcvlumnsthatthahtoreantjHeLibraryAsawiatiea wellbelovedbrotherofourexotlientfriend JobnBrown, the illustrious nurtyr or the csuso of African freedom.w»—wwwIsoanjaf,wagsIweal obrlqsely to thehgjtato"f^'^^McGuireaffirstreusedtoLet oa drink to the Matter of Thought, to the King of £ £ J L ? o S h Jhe'ssmeoaa, *<* anally eoaseatod tou ^i^ssetfi&sstfstNotttoa and gitea a bk>w that mpoesy, to tbe grandest and most beautiful person rieation of modern democracy—let us drink to Victor Hugo.TOM.deLamm-tine,the great philosopherofthenine- teenth century.May this illustrious writer, who has already given so many proofs of his sympathy for the Haytiens, always show himself to ite a worthy apostle of the liberty of the blacks Let the name or this defender or the African cause be upon our lips as it hi in oar hearts; h|s devo- tion to the noble cause he defejkfl readers bim mors sad moreworthyoi"our adrairatiA7S S !? t h % i totoend dared the decease* to fight htm De *,^^nosateatinatotbn prisoner roraome time, b^nasSy be came outside and requested him to go . - a v M d aot make such a noise hi front of the satosa. Moflnire, witboat makum any reply, sprang opoa toedeceased and stabbed h * to, tee abdamen, inflicting a Ttia« *L^L^^Co«rt - i t , d o 2 ^ s g a e t l k .la K2, oppressed by the M*tom, thto tribe, by ttwwtsh wajp awgowai i^e^ns ti^u t h*-*9 • settwowat upon tbe southern slops of the moatitoios, sad for alas J1to this reign,as any %*one of thstr ancient ehlefs to Khem ' ealy thros gene-Moomys Hotel, Bull's Fekry. 8 | ' v l i agreeable d'ayTO TBE EDITOR OF TBI HEBAtD.On IMRaKOaw.,to iunakassarmiioO from ths hundreds of fates who took a.MOWwishthat tberOUa?scocetafaflyperfumed byMahomettbeDruses qslte so, as if It bad aot been in took their ronton, farmluf a perfect taasaJc of'dogmas.Itarday, of the fire at the candle works, oa States Island, Ibe*youtomakethefollowingeorreetiane:—Therectory burnt waa leased by the New York Farafllne Candle,N» <***,Youreported in four Ifeesday morning papo*»*n-sat•^afssoi apsrntaiOtd««ifeassstaia;Ood, and themselves the CTartariaas The will, jwt.ee rrou c>r sx V ot** *)M to put toe down a s a liar.f{a!Mt gaJWoa. th«ex mtoia(|r c L ^ a m * .309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069I think t wNaw Toax, Oat 20,1800.In regard to a statement ia yoor report, yester.thingor hissbatwhateat aa beWatersury for the proaeeollea. Ska Court charged theof these qualities,tha NEWSUniversal Iatelli-to be himself. Arrival oftheTt* PAWIC. Polltl-ACADEKY OFMDKoO.•son, which was iaaugara'et so brilliantly onThe Courtacjfrom the8* Josara, Met, 0:t, 16, l«0t.received with applause.Total$1,353930ptattd,andoaMondayMr.ForrestWillappearas Othello.CARLOTTA PATTl'S CONCERT.0?"againasksthegambler,afterthislittleBaaaooavre. "Yes; I will bet 0100 that it is, but I will not bet agatoat you." Here was a chance for any of the bystanders to make0100oneasyterms Theseacaptain wasobsti•Society.MABONTTES A * » •would beers named Durassi, became tired or preaching for other E>le andSetnpfora prophet,declaringthathewasthe im whom the people expected, sad are still ex- pecting to come from tbe East. Bamsi overwhelmed the Retender with anathemas, sad made him their Satan, it s s Purses: w i s hatter known than Hamst, oa acooaaf of the seclusion of the latter, the religionists, to spitecotteg:—Ctndlec—Shies816boxesadamantine,inlots,at2a>a'c. a 23:.; demand fair. Coffee—Sale? 350 hags- Rio at ry, the sullen murmurs of popular discontent break are inevitably Interested in everything connected withominously on the ear. Prominent among the leadlnj trotterssadpacers,battheyarenot,torah""l.afathaia characters is the Abbe Latour (Mr, a Fisher), an Insi Jious and dissolute churchman, who, beneath a palithei of tbe style to which matches are generally got ap ana car- doing by dealers. Staples are without movement and un- and persuasive manner, conceals a corrupt heart and a ried out on the Long ftlaad courses. And so th«y tho .-ght changed. Fish—Light taiesjdry cod, 6\, c.;No.l mackerel, spirit savagely vindictive. He prevails upon trie C SBA they wonld try their hand a t a little private affair o ato kite, $3 26. Fruits, preserves and case goods are more St. Velerie (Mr. Harkins) to carry off Catherine Duval(Mrs. Conway), the affianced bride of Robert Landry (MrJ their own hook. Mr. Monnot, formerly of the New Yorkactive at hurt qnotatiocs; other kinds as last reported. C»w*y),ayouB g artist, who is regarded with bitter Hotel, offered a parse of $600. To be sore, he may have Gunnybags: sales at13>ic Thedemand forbutter ia aversionatcourtasbeingtbeleader of an intrepid sad calculatedonthechanceof beingreimbursed that Mile active, Isthmus firm at 27Jie.; market mostly cleared or enthot.asttc band of students, whose eloquent harangueshave awakened in the people love of liberty end turn by thereceintaat tha gate, aai she probability hr parcels inprime condition. Lard—Snail transactions at scent of their oppressors. Tbe Count managei that tbey figured up tott amount, more or toss. There 20c. for J. B. h Co. and Alden'e, 18i. for Skelding's. Pork- to effect an entrance Into Catherine's chamber were three horses entered for the prise:—Mr. Moceot'aSales in lots 120 bbis. clear at $23,160 half bbls. dear at at night; her cries for help brteg Landry to1JtrtljibttilieAbbe.irnieiififli a kto-edVcacAtf.and owa horse, Tartar—* fine, stylish, dark brown, spiritedCatMaght was getog to Ireland or coming back when the ranges, the valley between, aad the approachesttjdavit stated that tha party aailad in the Coanaaght. to Damascus, Mahomet's earthly Paradise, the oldestBe bad ao knowledge which informed bias of the neoes-tvy falsity of the affidavit. He had asked the counsel living city, lying bight with thousands of domes and all, and away they would start off and try to sell, oftener to stale in hie affidavit wbeo tbe Oranaught sailed, m*nareta in a sea of verdure, succeeded. Tbe surround* without avail than otherwise. "Central stocks"shipments of treasure. taken at 1},' per cent. bad at 1V per cent:Ordinary business loans are Large sums on collateral can beamong the prisoners whom tbey restore to liberty is bind, thought she would indulge herself in a quiet rest,Robert Landry, a poor emaciated creature, apparently The Astoria boat, from near Fulton ferry, aad boats fromin the last etage of mental and physical prostration, who, James slip and Irom the footof Thirty fourth street, land- however, slowly recovers his consciousness, and, ia theTHE DEATH OF MS. f*CHS01!ltwa. Sir.Br>SKILrosefromamongtheaudience,andwished the reading of Dr. Thompson's paper postponed for a moOrernan. Hewillnodoubtdischargethedutiesa&slgued bim wf.h dignity an! credit»••-beforeto punish the Intelligence, because it b oA s pony express, with three days' lattr in'eilljf nee*HM»M•. •«*?;'* dR.^t.i P:*toNr3&Sto£ ?g.§ai&m* £m: t**torI ! . a w * * * • - * w> - • * *', '««*MMsot strong up tV^e V - •fffgam PnthsertsasFlUah,andHUah before he vnaTEtvid.cat! Campaign of st DMlor'Mew York,Wednesday, will be continued until tbe en 1of m xt week, when therewillbeatemporaryre.e«. tiewiatersssasapalled ap with itt own knowledge. One of the preach- from California, arrived this morning. The news is vei yevening upon ths location and parties of the Drnse ww-attracted to Clinton Hall a large and brilliant aulienee of nil their efforts to the contrary, began to be change, except in such oases aa are noted to the follow. profligacy by which the patrician orders were so J017amongwhomsat-offlctollyunnoticed,hot'thsobaerved of all-Lady Franklin, the guest of H. ftrinaell, B*q.[ I t sight o'clock tha mooting was catod to orier by Judge Daly, one of the Vice Presiseato of the society, wlH» ocoaptod ths chair during ths first part of the evening. Several gsnUemsn ware proposed aad Heeled members of the society, and tbe regular order of busiaen was thentrayed; while now and then, amid the wasoail and revel. stripe. IdTtogtothesaaaths.ihnosmlasL1BAXOJJ AND TTTE 8BAT OF W A S. Dr.TaoMraoswasIntrodoosdbyJugie Daly,andwas received with hearty applause. He said that he had pre* pared his lecture upon the subject nadsr considerationfar n popular audience, aad, at the request of one of tbe members of the society, be would read those portions only relating rutinly to ths geography aad historyofthsLebanondistrict,omitting hisappealsfor popular aid, and leaving the charao'eristics of the Druses and Maronitcs to his friend Dr. Wm. B. Thompson, longpachas and onUmaos a t Constantinople and Damascus. »-Dr. Hocks, oa behalf or the society, returned thanks to tha Bar. Drs. Thompson for their interesting and in- structivepapers,andtbemeetingadjourned.calledDruses. Mowtheyattempttoderivetheword from the Arabian Drus, moaning "one well skilled," but really this sect has t i e entirely original characteristic or being called fier its earn devil. For their own purposestbe Turks Lavt.'always stirred up religious and other die cussions among the Druses, and even among separata ramilies, sometimes by promising honors to one membersad giving them capriciously to another.Tbe eause or the recent war, said ths Rev. Doctor infamouslydistinguishedintbereignofLou'sXV.arep-r-•-%- ^J^C i t yTan Panic « W m STBJSET.—ihe excitement among theI n t e l l i g e n c e .Cotcaught. The aaaae of the • — who was reprelasted to he at to* Aetor BOOM was a different person a resident of that district and the son of Dr. Thompson, Yesterday the ecece was very different from that orthe pre- considerable tales. Domestics fluctuating. : Wbiskey passion for bis mother, whom he hopes to mould more altogether; he had kem there eto**•at years tastoad of the well known missionary. The reverend doctor then vious day. Then every animal was in a state of rabid ex- 46s a 60e.; pure spirits 1-:wtr, at 47>£c. Alejhol without easily to his purpose when abe ia removed from the influ-isor everThe day was all that could be desired—one of tsosethreeweeks,tt lr. t:baton o)beta wrongly indicted bowevtr, did not ftoad that tobythenewspapers. proceededwithhispaper,referringatintervalstoa citement,exceptanoccasionalslyfox,who,seeingfar- transactlors. Teasandwieosquietsslastnoted.Tha enceofberson.Theheartbrokenmotherindignantly"Brash to And it fame "defendant Stevens had large map of Palestine, which hong in tbe rear of theef Stewart. They, President's desk. Tbe paper opened with a brief sketch theydemand for wheat continues steady, with libera] sales for rejects Latoor's overtures, but how shall abe res- export, nt about 01 60. Tbe bark Trent, foriLiverpool, cue ber boy from tbe subtle villain who tsther than others Into tbe future, bought up all be could and held it. On tbe street on Wednesday, at tbe earner of William aad Exchange place, were to be seen men running about with "scared" looks and whitened faces, and who would often stop suddenly and consult some friend as to the cnsECes of a rail, "flow will it b e " "Will it go low- er?" "ShtUl sell outf"&»., were the queries of nearlyltd he (Mr. Jmita) tamed round ia open court and ceiled ifg country, with its ruins of ancient cities, received went down rapidly, sad as tbey were deemed licans are fearful that Pennsylvania will go democratic. venge. In the second act we find him an influential mem- tat to his clwnt for toformatkm, w h o repeated "three If the October elections in Pennsylvania and other North- ber of tbe Convention, and among his proscribed victims wests ago," and ae that milled with his impression that brief historical notices, and the speaker said that If the the " consoV of this market, of course others ern States go republican, there will be an iauicnso gain are the young Count and the Abbe, both of whim havewhich dropped them within half a mile of the counts, or drove their own fast teams over the splendid road that stretches frcm Hunter's Point to Flushing.Although tbe originators of the match were desirous of excluding all the immoral accessories of a raw coerce in the shape of gambling tables, tbey did not find it easy o acccmplUbment.Outside the gate two enterprising proprietors or chairs and ptoses of plank established themselves to the path and tried to tempt verdant specimens oT humanity tolo risking bets upon the location of a card. The gamewas simple. Nothing appeared so easy as to win at it; few things are more difficult. We will describe the saodus operandi:—Mr^stito (wanoly)—I sa.y therne is ao suspicion about don, completing the connection of the Lebanon dntrkst Tbey at once began •-> pour into the market what they by the DoujdaB democrats. This course was probably dead, the cold heart warms, Landry's love for Catherine any one. His caty, gentlemanly Jadd/ees and the quietit ww that time, he supposed It to be true that the w't Caliph Omer was cursed by all mankind for destroying came down with them. Western stocks fell to that party here before November.been imprisoned in the Oonclergerie, and are to bo Don signed to toe guillotine the following morning. In vain had the Countess sued Terr mercy on behalf or ber sou. Tbe "dead heart" of tbe prisoner or the Bastile is in- sensible to tbe appeals of pity, and with cold disdainaowsaiied in the loaoaught. He had DO reason to dia-tnst tha truthrutoesa of the affidavit, aad therefore did the Alexandrian library because ths Koran would take tot require a new one to ao made. The witness, John the place of its volumes, impartial execrations sboald be Wank,of the Aster Boose, was ta courtto such an extent that tbey have not even yet nmrered tbe shock. In fact, all kinds of '-fancy stocks" fell to a fearful depth. Yet most renarkahle of all was the fact that "State stocks" retained very nearly their regular value, which soemod tbe more remarkable when the real cause or the panic Is male known, which is as follows:—It appears that many of the holders of stock, when look-ing at the aspect of tbe present election, and foreseeingthe inevitable dissolution of the Union, becamesiarmed, is probably little danger of a duel. and they, in their anxiety to turn tbe script into hardmoney, ''rushed" too much of tbe former Into the mar&etThe Oturt—Yes, bat this la a different ma i.Mr. Smith—Tbiemsabu bean In bis place, I believe, hr starea years.Jala Wei*h was here raterrocated by the Court, and anted that he knew nothing of tha aaatter, aad when the tfeged crime waa committed he was to a different part efthe city.Mr. Smith suggested that the matter should stand over nil tomorrow, to thai an additional affidavit could be produced as to what vessel this witness had sailed to.bestowed upon tbe crusading priest who caused to be burned the library of Trlpolls, because it contained nothing but the Koran—all Arabic books being Karens to him. He mentioned tbe river Adonis, running down from tbe mountains aad reddened by smte ferrageaous deposit, because there the abominable rites of Venus and Adonis were celebrated, and such monstrosities as those or the Druses' religion hare been at home there for forty centuries. Bey root was pronounced the most importantGovernor Downey, who baa been stumping the State forDouglas, expressed his opinion in private that Californiawill go for Douglas by a large majority, and that theBreckinridge ticket will run largely behind the republi- rejects the mother's prayer. But with a rtflaemeat of can, It is bettered that tbe Betland Everett men willDstrct Attoraa;—I say that this defendant stands be-The Douglas papers in Oregon are very bitter in de- nouncing the cca'ition by which s republican Senator waslhe proprietor er one of these extemporized gamblingfore the court under such a degree of suspicion that there commercial city of Syria, and references to Tyre and Si- atone time. The insecure "animals," ever on the look- should ae tome addtUonal affidavit. oat, saw this unexpected desire to sell, and took fright.I, aad it is unfair for the District Attorney to say ao bo- Mt this court and the jurors who will try this case.Ike Court thought it better to postpone the case till stztmornug.with tbe Mediterranean coast, concluded this poribn of tbe lecture.Going back into tbe mountains, we find that what ap-pearsprecipitous rangesofhillsareterraces,planedwith mulberry trees for the culture of silk worms. Lit^ anxie.y among those who held and those who tho 11th Instant for Panama, with 823 passengers and guillotine, when the curtain descends.CHAR".IOFhTTBDUtINTORSECONDPsViBBE. tietownsandvillages,hiddenfromsightfrombelow,wishedtobuy.Thespeculatorscouldbeseen»l,360,C0Ointreasure,orwhich*1,240,COQ.weretor.New HePeoplet*.Edv:M Hodgdon,indictedfarthe murder appearasweproceed; nd inthesevillagesliretheMa- walking about to" pairs dtseosaiog tie apparent York. *aleo held, and the consequence waa a decided and rapid toll, and an immediate loss of ceaudence.retorted to to counteract the effect of the charges that the returns, and, resolving to save her son's llfo, he mingles nonchalance with which he lost his double eagles—to con- republicans and Douglas democrats are working for a among the prisoners who are destined for execution, an federates—were charming. The gold rimmed spectaclesAlthough thts hadaubsided yesterday, still, up to the closing ofthe firstboard, there wasan apparentcommon object. swers tq, the young man's number, and is borne to thewhich be wore gave him quite an intellectual air. If one weretohazardagaessatthebusinesshehadbeenbrought up to, he might have been aet down as a disciple of then- IsptuB."Here,gentlemen."saidheinhisblandesttones, "are three tickets with d Qlrett numbers. This is No d ,if John Ctamingkam, by ttoseanf icitk m ton/*.—Mat ronites aad Druses. Here, as in Swltaerland, those pay- results and prospects, comparing memoranda one The following are the names o" the cabin passengers As may be readily understood from the above remote th ENo 0, thto Ko 0. I change them thos—(and he shift- thsw Healey, examined by Mr. J. H. Anthon for steal features of the country which make it impreguaVe witn the other: anxiously rushing into the room at by tboUolden Age:—Mrs. ate.'orsuickan'l daughter,Capt. or the plot of the " Dead Heart," It is rather an tatereat ed them from hand to hand ao slowly that any one couid from^foreign roes, reader it ailtbemerevnleerabie tbecorneroftbebeforenamedstreet toseeifthelisthad Pritbieandfamily,MmDeweyandmother,Cant Alden followhim)—andnowIwiltbet020vitaanygentleman presrcutioD, deposed that be knew the prisoner, ahm when, in civil wars, the people turn their fratracidal been hated, even an hour before the usual time of expect- and wile. Capt. legally, U ft A ; G T. KankinL U. i. A ; tog and an exceedingly effaotive piay. Tbe management that he cannot tt li me which is No. 8 " One of the spes> his Cuftflingham; one livel at 312 aad the other at 314 arms against each other. Tbe Druses have control of the ing it, and In many other ways evincing a piiafuUy die Mrs Phoebe l.egan, J. W. Morris.o, G. N. Herman, H of Bible's have taken aome pains to get it ap properly. Utors, wbo looks like a retired sea captain enjoy:eg a heccd avenue; resMsabsr tbe day when deceased was southern portion of the mountains, from Damascus to trcestd condition oi mind. But even before the list was W Bashford aud wife, Mrs. Dr. Ashe and twoinrauts, G. The scenery is very good, and the costumes, properties, holiday, eOtrs to rirk 06 on his ability to select the carl.anted: was standing on ths sidewalk at the time; Cun the fertile regions of tbe Houran. The Marosltos, num- issued the glad sign ofa change in affairs took pise*, and H. Bosworth, wife and three chiliren; Mrs. Weeks, Mrs. The gambler only deals in double eagles, and would pre- aagham's father, brother and wife, aad a man bering about two hundred thousand, completely rule tbe news of " large salts at advanced prises" spread like J. W Bridgbam and two infants. Jas White and wife, &c., excellent. We cannot say as much for the acting. fer to bet 0100 The maritime gentleman does not likethe northern portion. Having the features or the lo- wild fire. Those who bad to make good their contracts oi aace dead, were present at the Uses of the murder ; t h * cation in one's mind, it is easy to see how a warlike yesterday began to " look glum," but the tnejirlty had aMr. Bcsenbergcr.Cbss. Waloatt, Mr. Brooks, Or, Birdsill, Dr. Wells, W. K. Peters, W. ft Masm, \V. R Neyins, J. J.Mr. Fkher was clever ia a disagreeable role, but Mr. Con- to venture so high, but repeats his offer to ge*020 aa tha chance. He has bis eye on the card, and of course way, who had the best part, was soslow and pompous iu to sure to win. The owner of tbe establishmentsss on avenue A, between Twentieth and Twenty dratartets, at tbe oast side of avoaoe A; I was on the sidewalk tains, ould complete their work of destruction so sud-smile on iheir countenances, and exprotsod a satisfactory feeling that "ail was not yet ioai. Some said tbe further txtCBBtoa of the panic would be postponed until after Notareplayingtogether;theprieonarwas•oingfromthe lirbry,nomoreextendedreportisnecessary,withafewTaxRUCT:O.\OFASSISTA>TEM-mm AssistantKxgiceer,tofillthevacancyoccasioned bythapeople, trained to the sword andliving in the moun-Yates,Capt.Charles Gill, J.Anderson.wife and inrant; itastomaketheplay, which is at thebest heavy,an consents to gratify bim, and prenoset, if the W. Hess, wife and two children; Miss H F. Kejton, Wm.denly and thoroughly.Lane, wife and latent; J. J. gnivin, Dr. L. 9. Thompson, intolerable bore. If Mr. Conway was not ao anxuton to Mr. Harbison. Mr Hickman, J. Acksrmau J. T. Duesljer, make "points," his performance, as a whole, would be wife and two children; J. P. Buckley, Krs, iSolomon,Mrs. Batedell and two children, Wm. Callander and wife, much better. He has yet to learn how to talk naturally G.T.Barsiow, Mrs.Dextorandinfant. Capt.Hoyt, onthestage,andmighttakesomelessonsfromMr.Forrest, J.H.Butler,J.W.Bill.J.Lsnlerle, Mrs.Janefce'lyaad whoLaswiselydiscardedtheusages oftbe smallswordother desires It, to go through tbe manipulations of toe cards again. This is agreed to. So alo sty are the cards changed tbat none of the spectators can doubt which ia ho 0. It is undoubtedly on the right hand corner. But ourfriendwhofollowstheseadoesnotseemtohavethe laculiyoflolioair.thechangesofthecards;beturnsuptogkag aad jokisg with the men present, and on turnSg round, taw the prisoner at tbe bar and too deoeeesd leaving thia portion of the subject to the gentleman venter 0; but tbey would not answer for any further awring together SMSrilag openhaadod I thought they who should follow, the reverend doctor concluded his length of time. Nout vtrrtmtInteresting paper, of which, an account of its former deVcwi from Hnytl.FIRS IS WAKKXX SIKSXT—S^rrotucD DAXAGB ABOUT OVATIOX TO ,)AMES RJBDl'VTH, THK rfUMSO <fF JOHN meet. He regretted to aeaounee the death of Mr. 830,000 —Between seven and eight o'clock last night a BBOWN—TOA8T8 AND' SPfgCHES— THE HATTIBNS INLost nigh', at Dodworth's Rooms, Miss Carlotta Patti, nate in hazarding his money, and would not mind pottingSchroeder,amemberofthesocietyandtheauthorofa cumber or maps, atlases and models, who suddenly de- essaed tost evening. After a brief tribute to the worth of his departed associate, Mr Russell ottered the onstoma-fireoccurredii.thefiveItorystore,No.8Warrenstreet.The ilamee were first discovered on tbe fourth story,among?t csers of hosiery. The firemen were prompt and•nceecded In stopping the fire before it extended muchbeyond its place of origin. The whole of tho apperstories are ossupled by the firm of Steinberg & Lich»a- stadler,imporursofhosiery,andthefirstflorbyJacobL. 9e}xas and Brothers, dry goods jobbing merchants. Thesupposeddamagedonetothestickofhosierybyfireand water is estimated at about 030,000. There is an preMsays:— * i n s u r a n c e o a t h e w h o l e s t o c k a m o u n t i n g t o $ 1 0 1 , £ 0 0 i nsister of the famous prima donna, gave her first concertin this city, and waa most cordially received by a verylarge and brilliant audience. Miss Patti had the as business. But there were no pigeons to be plockod, andwere open or ciossd. nor whether he bed anyia bis hands, did aot s e e t h e knife of ry resolutions. Dr J. C. Thompson wished to add hissistanoe or ber sister, Madame Strakosoh, of Mmo. Col the little ruse did cot take The card was not shanged at all. And so, as there was nothing to be made of tbatafter the qoarrei waa over; Hodgdon wuted back about Ave yards, aa near as 1 mjsoje.andwhilehewasretreaing didnotseeany nn ia bis band; thai retreating brought Bedgdon up stoatthefence; I then heard thecryof Cunningham •antthe knife, and then saw the knife; had not kno*n d• s a h we R R j j d d gc d d o o n n o o r r i d t i o c s a s s d m o r e t h a n t w o m o n t h s a t t h e tot; do not know anything about the condition of Hjdg hg Ught hand.Ifceae) B Cunningham, tha brother of the deceased. a taen examined, and testified to substantially the at hcts as the last witness.fcaktei Cunningham, father of deceased, deposed the'.regrets to those or his friend. Learned, Intelligent, care- ful, diligent, accurate, obliging and helpful, Mr. Schroe- der was a man far above his station, and an ornament andmoatusefuimemberofthesociety. ATeacherde- tired to give his Ustimony to the accuracy or Mr. Schroe- der'sproductions. Such mapsas hisanymanmightbe proud to leave as a legacy to the cause of education. Dr. H r c k f o l l o w e d i n a t r i b u t e t o t h e c l a s s i c a l , o r i e n t a l a n d general learning of Mr. Schroeder, his mathematical abili- ty and genial, generous nature, and the resolntljus were then ubanimonsly adopted. %THR MAROwrres Ajro r>Ri-sks.Ker. Dr. W H. THOMPSON was reintroduced, and pro-inst., with the lateat details of Haytl nsws.James Redpath, a well known abolitionist and friend son, also Signer: Brignoll, Ferrl. Susici and Wm. Saar crowd, the gambler and his seafaring friend, aad tbea** present at tbe stabbing; Hodgdon, the prisoner ceeded with the reading of bis paper. Tbe rough moun- wealth, 10000; Commercial. 06,000; Paelfic, 06,000; Em someremarkswhichthedeceasedsaidwasnot&• tainsofLebanonnourishedthen-thousandsofhardy piieCity,06,000;UnitedStates,05,000;Etna,$5,000;HoteldesAntilles,ftheplaceohosenfortheovation,so "iwrtuion before women; prisoner said he would my mountaineers, wbo burg gardens opon the cliffs, and, Firemen s Fund, 06,000; Grocers', 06.000 The goods on marked by true confidence and hearty cordiality.;affordingthehopefulspectacleorthefirstAmericanac- tress and the first American actor illustrating the works•tot be pleased, my son then just pat bis hand on prison besides the essentials of life, managed to raise such luxu- the first floor received a damage of about $600; fully in- •Jiaottlder, upon which Hodgdon withdrew from him , ries as oil, tobacco and silks. Tbe traveller, disgusted sured in city companies. Several or tbe clerks were ia tostoatakn.fesadsameforwardandsubbedmyson withtbedustyEgvptlsnsandthebangersaboutJerusa- thebuildingatthetime;oneofthem,hearinganoise »*s beart with ths knife, lem, bailed with pleasure tbe free, open carriage and easy resembling rain, went op stairs, ssw the fire, and then•ft Urciigbem, widow of John Cunningham, de native politeness of these people, many of whom had ran to the street and gave the alarm Tbe origin ot themonyofacknowledgmenttoallthosewhopreachliberty, equality and fraternity. The first toast is to bim whose incessantlaborsaidthetriumphofthesacredcauset* libertyandtheregenerationoftheAfricanrace—Mr. James Redpath,Mr.Redpath,inreply,deliveredaspeechinEnglish, which waa rendered into French aa he spoke, by a gentle-isnodonbttbatsuchwillbetbecase. McLaughlinholds tbe ribbons over Tartar, Jones over Pataam, while Bene BrandonisunderthechargeofHiramWoodruff.•atel,depend thatahawasstandingonherownsteps; *t brbthtr in law's wtfo was sitting on tbe stairs read •Jttewapaper;therewerepersonsonthesidewalk. •»w*oe<*thie*ap:eeeol slateorstoneoathestepsgenealogies of which anynobleman might be prcud, some tracing their descent from a line of kings named Bada.which istranslated byour"ttantth." Chris- tianity teensetltoruintheMaronites. Theyembracedfireisatpresentunknown;theFire Marshal, however, was early at the premises, making his usual Uveal]. gallon. ThebuildingisownedbyJ.&Lyon,andU damagedabout$260;Insured.Accmisr TO a FIREMAN.—Thomas Ring, a member ofEngine Company No 31, while running to the fire in War-ren street but night, fell at the corner of Bowery andCanal street The wheel of the engine passed over his arm and broke it. His friends conveyed him to the Bospital.tbetwogreatcoupsInthe tragedy—the trial sceneandthedeathsceae—beingunmatchedaspiecesoracting,combiningImmensedramaticforcewithastartlingtruth-fulness to nature. The play last night was well put upon against the field are freely oflered, sod some sets are•v/tw a tecocd aae; I want up stairs aad looked oat tbe monotheistic neiesy of one Byzsatine monarch, •atwicdowtadIsawprisoneran1stybusbendflgot andwereattackedbecausetheyrefusedtogiveitup ;. came down and ran to htm; I beard my husband at tbe bidding of the seat Constantino. Some modern )(m hire slabbed ma to the heart;'' I ran to bit. philosophers seemed rsther to favor Isiamism, bat the speaker wished they Could taste some of its fruits.thestage,sufficientlytruetocostumeandscenery,withmodeatthat figure. Tartaristbeneatmfavor,the mare having few backers at any odds, aa eaatjoneer announces what it c* led a "pool," aad bids wtoeflrstbat ht got away info the next house,examined by Mr. W. B. Anthon—I do not know Lr'stian* had been exposed to every species of insult,•My were play tog or that anything pleasant wet and had been put to death upon provocationsout that magniacence which approaches the spectacular.man present, After thanking his entertainers i for the The c a t was very respectable, embracing Couliock as choice range high: those for the sewed ohotos rsacal«a. Itaw lie knife ia prisoner's Hani; as near as 1 *• llink it is my heabaad's knife; Ifound it onthe*"toasmatffor*,oftheMetropolitanPalioe,deposed 7>»»SouB.1 tb* person who had beea Stobbed vying on•be most triaiog. No wonder that the Cru- raders started out, for the great heart of all Europe swelled with indication. When the Crusaders didcometheywereheartilywelcomedbytbeMaronites; but ss tbe Maronites were heretics, long series of religiousslonally monotonous in tone and somewhat melodra- Tartar, 065: Belle Brandon, 016-the winnerpOcketlng The groans of tbe slaves, the prayers of their friends, matic betimes. His farewell to Cromwell, however, was the aggregate sum. minus 2* v*T^?!:^S^^tM th«"" Itfss wbera he boarded; found a kni.'e in bt* i«. Curttc." Jackmaa took charge of It; I received •f kbi't froai the wife of the deceased; Ooroaexto give np their pet dogma, and tbe Pope allowed the priest* to keep their wives and agreed to aay nothing ibctt the Maroaite taints. Tbey have been rigid Papists ever steer, tbou.h exposed to ridicule because their taintsto their light draught of water sad speed.In the name of all abolitionists who seek by peaceable means to eradicate slavery, I thank you, Haytiens, for your sympathy; in tbe came of my dear friend?, thesur•'Shallweallowthemtobecomeourmasters?"'asksthe Moslem, at the very moment when be seems ta he givingworld, they are brave, twelve thousand Druses havethrashed all the other seats, including even tbe Moslems,by turns. Their self control is very great, and their po-liteness proverbial even among the Arabs. From child- many jf era, and he is well known to them. heedtheyareacsustomedtokeeptiuiraeeretsthe heat. Time, 2:32'«'.tax ths n«ght, and at five o'clock yesterday morning Atari* Heal—Tartar agate took the Mad hat waafindingtakers. Pataam kept thelead,aadcameinse- verallengths ahead. Time-2.33 So Pataam was declared the rtotor aad JonetVook the parse.The last heat was run as twilight was descending e sceae. Soon the fast teams were again on the roa yteg bask sporting; charactera to the city; wall bo depended oa toe more democraticmodeoyatce-tfce railroad cars-bad to wu^aaarfy two hoursfortheaereoo'clockdowatrato.NothiBgiattt •Tightest degree unrdessaat occurred during the day, andwho were present were unanimous in declaring this centeat of gentlemen's roadsters a complete success.willprobablyberepeatedthisseason.Oarlimldi's CastilloTO THE IDITOH OF THE HERALD.Mortal weaaa. With tha farttoaton of the prisoner's(light and susbeqaent capture our readers are alreadyfamiliar When taken Into custody by poUoamaa afinon-son, oftheSecondprecinct,McGuiresaiathathestabbedGreen in sell-defence Although very much exSJted, bedid not appear to be iotOXicated to the least. Tne evi ami anv, of which Mr A. Menocl was supermtendeat. denee waa quite voluminous, bat devoid of interest. Toe the renowned General Garibaldi never worked tothts jury, a'ter due deliberation, rendered a verdict of Deamfrom a stab at the hands or tbe prisoner, John McGuire, faotory, but he. and Salvl, to* tenor, with TM"***f±efetely. Their religion, like Jesuitism, allowsthem to sesame aay form of belief thatit the purpose of tbe hoar, bat forbids them to re spay sail the purcreed and tenets They are affable and veal their own ibaiBllibto, and the will, the eptotoal, ths rellgiou of oa Saturday night.•^t*d:-lto0ttlf8»r•«•*« CD- t—hSSmtmermnumumn,roWrb*re.atshtMbon:et;otooleotla*te ",Ktne***"lobeoftbebaftton*wasmore*? ».. £ T • • • * torge effusioa of blood in the leftJ^wonhsge from ta* ———— m i r . i s 7^^j w u«mmmsssmory artery,•oaawusy TJteTwaseewsrSdtmhCsaefonaeriy a tribeor Arabs.ofthissocietyopenedafewdaysago attheCityAssem-blyRoams,No,440Broadway,andhasattractedgreatinterest. It wfil be oonttaned two days longer, closing abolitionist, the soldier or tho great cause, the apostle orhouse.twbeuthefoiiowiagfootawere whoisasailor,snteradGr—-^.friend, nemea Horten.aad .rter todolgtaf tosovera *.!„*. L^ntnced to raise a disturbance. Fearing ihtftheirsg-u. est alwat aagree with their own.ram MsacAsma UBBAST-Jt wilihe ,sesa by ourad-humanity, tbe friend of John Brown and Redpath.Hunor, a thousand times honor, to the memory of ourdrinks commenced m raw^SS f^SLnWmr»sio|as, teefumitare or do bodilyproprietor orderedwomen of those cays,* well of a>! tbsL.it to aoUoaabto tha* historytbe foliowtDgcempaniee:—Nnrth America, 06,000: Trades- mens', 06.0C0; Belter, 03,000; Mechanics' and Traders', 03,000; Williamsburg City, 04 000; St. Mark's, 03,003; St. Nicholas,$3,000; Brooklyn,$4 000, Merchants',04,000: Central Park, $10,000; Northwestern, 02.600; Market, 06.000; Goodhue, 00 000: Firemen's, 06,000: CommonJ a m e s R e d p a t h — s u c h i s t h s r a t n e t h a t w e h o w s e e k to specially honor—James Redpath, one of the most active members of tbe abolitionist party—Junes Redpath, tbe Indefatigable emancipation Ut, one of the glorious sorvi vors of Harper's Ferry—the admirer or the admirableMIS? CC3HMAX AS QUEEN KATHEB1NE.For the first time this season Charlotte Cushman took—Tbaelectionfirkteated tbeaeotasedmabank from the fence astbe remarksiangard totome characteristics of thewar.reergottott,toytagtha*bewasstowsid;ashosaid AStorasreMgieawent,theMareaitesaadDruso*mi?ii. resignationofMr.Crefg«r,*eokplaceonWelsesdayeyen- twochildren,Thos.Kelly,SamuelNathan,UtdameGa themiddleoneanaappearsaatonishadtoflodthathefatewitness looked at the prisoner and aaw the khtfo in bare got along, like the 3wiss Protestants ana Catholics, irg, at the houses of the dlnarent engine, bote and book hel. D. If. Haskins, J. P. Saskins, D. S Murphy, James and knee breeches epoch. In this drama the author eri lest his 030- Again he undertakes to verify his clear-tat band. the deessaed thts opened his shirt, aad I saw without any difficulty; but local and political dlfferenew McCrepry, Jobn MoCreery, Fred. Ham, 1. Sockitein and deutly intends that the most powerful effect shall be pro- ] fcightedneaf, ana this Itoie be wins. Another bystanderiewo'jnd, 1then laid hold of the prisoner; the deceased's between them were played off by the Tjrka for tbeir and *;ctr companies throughout the city. There w..re ton.G. W. Allen. Mx*. K. Hole and two children, Joha duced in the most natural, colloquial and easy way. Mr. ccmes In and wins 000 to the same easy way. What con roecame pandcommenced throwingstonesandbrinks own advantage, aad France aad England bid buttwocandic'atfs iatbeikld, John Wi'ey, foremanof Halt, John Carr, James Smith, John "Walt, this intellectual looking gambler mean to givingeach a tbe prisoner; tbe prisoner tfa-n ran away through the also interfered with a tike selfishness. Tetrs Frigine Company No 11, and ex foreman Geo. T. Alker, or C. C. Bagley, J. Aiken and wffe, G. Aiken, James Arnott, Conwty quite defeats the author's intention, and there- jchances? He is Hush of funds and loses with the beatCampbell, A. T. Darcy andpfant, Mrs. Bunt and two formed altogether. It may be doubted whether this play aa to allow another toystander to put a pencichildren—and 216 u the steerage. , mark slyly on one of the cards, and then IVfley, AVcer. Blank, The Treasury list is as follows:— in the beat hands, would succeed with our audiences It loees another double eagle on that. The mark hi dtoco-ban yard;do not remember anything that wassaid before ego tbe Turks had disarmed • the Druses, and Engine Company No. 3d. Ine following is the vote J. T. Marfette. Solomon Sbawfeldt, J. H. ColeL N W fore Mr. Conway's rendering orthe part should be re : grace pcasible. He even turns bis head aoae iparni g commenced; his brother aad the others pre twenty years ago tbe Christians were sent to extermiant were quite close at ths time ; none of the others nate them, their bisbopa exhorting them to burn and polled:— owe iparrlag at the time; ths moment deceased said be de-'roy, sparing only the women. The Druses revenged800 SOS 29 AlsopfcCo........026300J Seligmann&Co.!$3l<%00 istootombre;and,nottoputtooOneapointuponit,Wells.Fargo&Co.. 204600 Fllnt.Peabody&Coj 30000 dreary. It hioneoithoseplayswhichtaxthepatience R Davidson 112 000 TaUantfc Wllte....; 28 800 or tbe people very severely, and concerning which we\eredand another cordis substituted for it. Bf thto time the original players drop out of the game, and s a g - gest to others to come la. There don't seen to be many rpooaies around, and no one embraces tbe opportaoity. The retired sea captain retiree, but he .-till hovers aroundmnabbedIsawtheknifeinthehandsoftheprisoner tbrmcelveswhentheirarmswererestwed,in1845,and Enginecompanies Bose companies349 690 tosldtotsweartothekails tf I sawit; sawaknifein dsrirgtherecentwarsodoubttheDrusesthought that Hookandladdercompanies.. 184 2sn11St lather k Church... 94X00 »1trk Bruutgau &Cq 15 COO are apt to say, after it is all over, cut bono? However, and marks the road that the cards take. They ore turnedat bands of Cunningham before that during the day; the tbe Maronites were determined to destroy them., Ho Engineer* T e bade was in tbe handle, but there was no rivet to It; bad the authority of American missionaries for saying,AbeJLytg 09,000 .J7itz k Ralston .. J 20 100Porrott&Co '. 8 204 C. T. Mender ft Co.. 11 000 the "Dead Heart" was, all things considered, very wellEugene Kelly* Co. 76,600 freeman hCo i 106 000 r««- ive.i last night, and may be set down asasuxrt a f Bast ngs h Co. 5* 000 Taos. & Fiake &CoJ 10 COOI, AM. Sachs & Co. 45.000 Reynol is,Re.s &1QJ 10 500 d'iilinu. Iievi Strauss 35 COO 3. B. Weir &Co... 4 182STJUMBOAUNO ON rax HUDSON RIVER —Tho steamersCommodore and Fiancis Skiddy, running between NewYork,Albany andTroy,have only missed theirconnections with tha early trains, North, Bast accomplished as peaceably ta in Jamaica. I trust that and West, three times during this season—the Com- in a few veara we shall see slavery ranged among the modore once, and the Francis Skiddy twice, owing things that were.good support to the principal character, ta whbh the Stre iA^el^^S^SSSiSZ great artiste reaped abundant honors from a bouse tl^eT the two. Ibefr relative distances are maintainedthoroughly filled In all points. Henry tbe Eighth will be anlround, and Tartar comes ta a good wtoaer. Time, IMT MonnoTwinsoooObythMbemoaalistthatTartarrepeated to-night and to-morrow sight, with Miss Cash- wouiddoihe mile In less than 2M}{ StlU, as the rsesman as the Queen. It is probable, we understand, that u the best three out of fire, Putnam continues to be the to»gpbjticiatsatBeilevueHoepttnl;thedeceasedandjpiabepehavebeentbeoanseofSverycivilwarfer,whichsavedthelivesofthepassengersandcrewofIheartilythankyouforyourgenerousgifts;InthsnameshewillsubsequentlyplaythepartofWolsey.NooneSvoritaattheoddsoftwotoone."fuugbt there; he bad a wooed oa tbe tottside. ther> tmoflg them, but in suite o/»n H^J £*ve prospered, aai tbe Galway steamer Connaught. have received a letter or those anti-slavery men who believe that the slave shoull fail to see her, however, to the dying scene. It is &c<auiSeat— rutasm again takes tbe toad, aad thto• r*c, arretted the prtoonsr ta the top story of th< pedals had to be adjusted. Finally, the Maronites agreed. Tax CAVTAIN WILSON TSSTIMOSUL.—Messrs. Schiller, ofJ-•Ssgeae Pougaet ispesed that he is one of the at have,not been recognised by the church. Their patriarchs this city, the owners of the renowned brig Minnie Schlf- vlvors of Harper's Ferry and the family of Joha|Brown,- bw ik%- Had.Maemorrhige, only veryslitht; the edges of the *" »«re brougst together: the patiaat did pretty ^»ti» append wesi; tne aeotorrti^c ^ a i S - i l ^ **< « a bs died oa Tuesday morning at abont eight*,.nr~**P4*1mortemexaminationa fewhour*•.heir progress since tbey were released, by the aid of theDruses.r>smMoslemrulehtsbeen astonishing. Notonly fromthefirmof Phelpe*Co., of NewOrleans,inwhichought to be delivered by force.and who are always ready to aid in such an undertaking,Ithank thee, beautiful Haytl, country or Petion and Ossaalines, for the leSton thyhergreatest effort.Coroners' Inquests. THSWarnBtastTHOSUCIDICASK—Thestabbingaffrtytime there hiao break to his pace. Tartar keeps close op to batcannot gainuponhim,andPataamcomestowsu ahead. Time, 2:23},. The mare saves bar distancejArrd Beat —Therewas a splendid contest bstweon tha twohorses. Putnamledoff,batwaspassedtohandsome style by Tarter, wbo kept a cousto of lengths ahead tillout of Coaatantuiople, but even ia that city, the Moslemsfear ffisrjfieaaa, with whom tbey confound all Christiana. fnnd for presentation to Captain Wilson for his noble con- history teaches and the hope it inspires.they are informed that the subject of contributing to tbeducthasbetnbroughtbeforethePresidentoftheCham- Before taking myseat,genfemen„Ibegyontoaddto the favors you have already bestowed upon m s that ofber or Commerce in that city. The President hat pro- drinking-with me to Liberty,Equality and Fraternity—mised to call a meeting of the Chamber to consider the tbe liberty of all men, the fraternity of all races, the have been pronounced one or tbe finest nations to the propriety of taking some acUoa in the iiattterworthy of a equality ef ail men or all rasp, and in all parts of theOCTOBERPRICE lEWO CENTS.*«a rBAaasoo, Ojt li, isao. There is a rarllal renewal of the activity in tri lr* The country demand has revived to some extent, and jobbers are in market for fmail supplies. Prices are withoutwngaj owMowee a nnsawal M t w mMWHBMM^BBMMay aw*.- a w w16%r-.,tnd820bagsrlarnsjsa at18K0.a14a.! Coallaac- tlrs sad rather heavy. Ia -dry goods a goodibustaess laKCTACIKS ANDLlQUOBrliAYTllNETC.We yesterday received Hayti papers up to tJobn Brown, and tho recipient or his last words.honor done bim, and aliuding to the work of abolitionists, be said:—about hah*, while Die last chance gooifar J»fy,»*"e- Wolsey, who read the ptrt generally well, though oeca The average bid stood at tnese nguixw^Patimm, sua: sothe blood of the martyrs of fcltrper's Ferry, have been heard before the tribunal of the Eternal. The great wrongwillsooncometoaneat. Letustopeitwillbeeffectively read, and was justly applauded. Dyott'a bluff Harrydoesnotcallforanyparticularnotice. ItwssaFirst Heat—At last, after two or tbree talse starts, the word"£VMsgivenfromtheJudges'stand. Pataambaa tto ieao% sMJofcrsh; nam7ston*rsa_yarea be break,WIDE iWAAErf,arepromised:—"La Jarre,""IIBr^v>,''*<LsPr<pbete,'"L'EtoileduNord,"snd ihe"Ballj la Masq-.era.'' Onthai evening "Martha" will be given, in German, byFahhri. ryormy, Btigslli aad Formal day at the Fashion race» g and was a real and decided NIBLO'O OAKDW. (The "Dead Heart/' an AdelpM drams, written by Mr.Temple and Patehen, where it la ail arranged to a rather Interesting tno—runs as foiloaS:— what horaeahallwia, and Where the ownsrs andMr. Phillips prefaces ths play with a a acted prolog :c gosbares. It ts ttsja thai chats racecourse In these premonitory scenes, tbe pride, frivolity aai should stop. Th» enunhtmen who got up thetordey at Fashion course w e n not of tbeWatts Phillips, wss produced here but night. Tae story—011 26. Bacon moderate, demand for old 13o| a 18){e , backed by a party or murqueteers, appears on the ssene,Brandon'sownerhadscruplestoregard to ths morality of the affair, and thought he would——"Do good by stealth,"for new I60. Hams dull and unchanged. Cheese, 18c a 20J. and carries the artist to the Banile la this dungeon he remains, for eighteen years. B i s friends believe him t oanimal; Mr. Fetter's Puttam-a light bay, awkward look tog horse, but portccted of great power and speed; and a handsome little mare styled Belle Brandon, ths name ofanimals—the bulls and bears—iu their menagerie taWall street has temporarily subsided, except amongthose unfortunate individuals who have sold stocks thattbeyhadnotintheirpossession,andwho,to meet theirengagements, have now to boy or borrow upon ths mostexorbitant terms, if they can even obtain them at all. brandies still dull; better feeling in Holland gin, with motive-hatred of the lad's rather, and a dishonorableCarolina rice 6c. a e ^ c , foreign quiet, without particularmovement.Sugarsagainmossaeliveandttrmer:salesNo.1 band to his rival, and becomes Cjunteas St. Valerie whoseownerwasnotgiven ontbe nil*. Perhaps BelleChina9^o a9,^c,choicesteadyatlie;molt lastar- rivals, crushed, poised Into second hands at 14j. a 14Ha , and n arki t firm at 15c. without transactions. ForeignTimewearson andtheCount dies,leavirghisonlysin Arthur, In the guardianship of the Abbe Latour, who re toked to work his rum, being urgel thereto by a doublebe dead, and uiderthis conviction Catherine gives herThere ia no general news of importance.The political canvass engroaes :ni.ers*l attention, invigorating sense of freedom, gradually resumes bis ed passengers at Hunter's Point, tbe depot of tbe Fluah-the anxiety to bear tbe returns from Pennsylvania, Ohio native energy of iiteuect. On learning that Catherine iog Railroad. From there they either took the oarsand Indiana is becoming totonse, and even many repub- Duval has been married to St. Valerie he resolves on re-mostly vote ror Dooglas.Senator GWio and Gen. J. N McDougal hive been mak-vengeance be resolves that Latour shall die by his hand alcte The Abbe is summaced by bis order to his private apartment to the prison, where, after reproaching him with his crimes and the bitter wrongs he has endured atIrg speeches violently abusive t; each other, each ac-cusii g the oiler or dishonestly representing California at I his hands, ho places a |word in his hand, and tells him Washington. It is rumorst that correspondence ot a he must tight him on the spot until one of them be slain.This interview concludes with a duel, In which the AbbeIt slain. TbSJPyoupg Count is to be the next victim ofLncdry's vccg<*ncc; but discovering from" certain papersround in Latour's pocketbook that the late Count St. Va-elected. The President orthe Senate, a DongIas demo lerie was not a party to his imprisonment, aud that Ca- talks was &quiet looking individual, who really seemed crat, has been burnt in effigy in the couoty he represents therine bad married the Count believing Landry to be as if he had ntt guile enough in his composition to cheathotile nature is now proceeding betweea them; bat thereTbesteamshipGoldenAgesailedfromSanFranciscoon PlacedeGrave,whereheisabouttobeboundtothet?r Jobn Brown, was the recipient or a popular ovation (pianist). The concert was one of the finest ever given other innocent looking confederates, betook themselves to"fresh fields and pastures new."There was but one •gambling concern visible withtfl, andtbatwasaroulettetable,ofwhichMs.Marrtssaywas the proprietor. He found aome difficulty to opening busi- n e s s ; b u t a a i t a p p e a r e d t h a t h e h a d p u r c h a s e d , s o m e years ago, the right and privileg J, and paid $2,000 there- tort the managers did not feel authorized to persist in their opposition, and so the ball was kept whirling na tbe roulette table.But it is now nearly three o'clock, a fall hear behind the time for the start. There are five or six hundred Thursday, September 27, was tbe day, and the large a Shakspereon part at the Winter Garden last night, thus persona present, including, of coarse, many of the sporting celebrities AmongthemisMr.Momt- sey'a rival in pugilistic fields—the Beaicia Boy— sacking bis Havana, and manifesting a modest ;uteres'. M! J, M. Puvai, President of the Assembly, opened the of the father of drematic poetry in the same season, to tbe proceedings of the day. Many faces familiarexercisesbysaying:— thoughondifferentstages. QueenKatheriae ts,perhaps, on'Changeareseenhere. Theunderstanding isteat there into be no cheating—tbat everything ia to be allGentleme-—On this occasion let us give a new testi- the finest or Miss Cusbman's characters, her rendering,Jo fiir and straight. If the drivers are only honest, thereatPortauPrince,ontbe27thofSeptember,ontheochere. Mis'Patti hasapurehighsopranovoice,ofre- markable power and compass, and her execution is that ofafinishedartist. Distinctlysheisnottheleastamoaga h i g h l y g i f t e d f a m i l y . H e r s u c c e s s w a s p r o n o u n c e d , a n d a we hope to hear ber frequently in the concert room—41 arena in which she harno rivals hereabouts.caslon of bis departure for the United States.The Proof that city, were the oosslgnees oi Captain Wilson forgocBSttorBr.VINCENTDSPACI..—Theannuelfestival AmongtheothersentimentsofferedduringtheeveninguponthebodyoTdeceased,attheFourthprecinctstationHereoddsof100toSOoaPataamwereofleredwithouthavecompletedtbtirarrangementsforclassesoftostrSa. Maybeerjoythob*oedictionotGod. tioa in the several sranches, to wauneace oa the 10th ofNovember .Tws HARRISON GCA*» —This flee company of youngmen, commanded by Cant. James Genrey, passed oar Of- fice yesterday, numbering sixty- live masketo, on return from their twelfth annual pwadejbr^ target practlon reaebing tbe sidewalk, however. IM drew outl hwas insured to the Hamilton Insurance Company, and To Monsieur de Ltmariine, the courageous defender ofOne of these »»wk Manometo, named Bakim, m that my tors WSSOHO. My leas Is $600 In wooden patterns, the children or Africa!proved open tbe belief that Christ was formerly in- lamdts the castings. I am not Insured ia any company- After the dinner. Mr. Redpath was .sscortod by aclvil, nprtohtin which carnatel to the Ails—the Alii betag .leoeawd—andto-- A annouaced that he Wad iJimself ths revelation sad t with yon would publish this, as neither you nor say re-torchlight procession to the bark Lex, and hailed withporter has seen me about the matter. I wish to see thisentesf tbe Drusea Tbey eel! the-ir rf Hfjo* to*1 foity of the arst arlfel* in tbe city news, be -auie I don't want A decree of perpetual bantobmect bra been issuedwere MWrated toawthor nea» thw flic-, " f » « • * * * rJhtcasantton of God. Re found many apostles, esceeialivUntitled DocumentOct. 24,1S60 " ttpoe the rendition of the above verdicttbe prisoner was r> a.n;<Ued to the rum'os, to sseit the the rcaoufa.-t.ir* -f t**ow w « l " *?.""«"T % % . JL *c,liefi of lb? G.r&uti Jury.President. GeflVa.d was not present, but stnt to the meeting assurances or his approval of its objects.breaAhed his tott. Coroner Soblrmer held an Inquest passed by Putnam before the half mile post waa reached.weretbefollowing:— Honor,honor,honortoThaddeusHyatt,thefervent*^J"/witt»trottteg match!it up even against a gold watch. Tbe confederates foonl thattbeywerenotpossessedofeitherawatchorthe necessary amount of money, and urged others to do thePutnamistbefavorite. Twotoonetohisfavor. n-id ethex^aJiUss«f n o tare UbfVtf&m 8; K M iThomas M. Tryniskiwww.fultonhistory.com 