 *J!and people were returning. "His duties as chief Cashier were £o- superintend the where he became a member of the Polish Emigration ^leiiil Chairman', F.. W. Billings, by death in the same';I .•1preltv tight, it is improbable that his antagonist will permit him to retain his head in such a disagreeable fix; and if the said squeezing causes his antagonist to become prematurely.black irf.the face, which is nor un- likelv, BO much the worse for his antagonist and so muchthebetterforhim,thatisall.Leonard's arm shattered.—Tom'Moore, wasKy., a few days since, by being shot at by John Trem- ble, a lawyer.]—Mr.Dougla*ofDenville,Ky.,wasfounddeadin ;his mill, supposed to have been murdered by one of bis slaves. i ;•WBJ. Alien Butler,John Earl Williams, W.-Clapp,•If.Hi• . I.. •:exquisite eanipanile of Giotto stood a tour of flame, so brightthatja11thecoloredmarblesiurich,patternawith which it.Is.worked, were as clearly seen as ui|der ade] suinoonti mni TheMercat'e.Nuovowasveryfeauti-6>/•THE STATE OF EDEOPE. * ? Tcmm, April «i, 1860.• Mfepoteon «foutinnea to keep his army a* efficient3TIEINSUKRECTION IN SICILY. tothedegreeoflosssustained,thetotalbeing£263,000. right arm, persist in contending with a comparative Cjp&tag cf ^KmdcSHg*. A ^ m ^ 5 A small portion of this, maj-be recovered/ but thePERSONAL.FromlWito182-1hewasCurator4**theUniversityof -Wilna; h<; then resigned on acconnt of the persecutions fo which utudents suspectedofconspiracyhadbeen•.'.Il'M etet and a« he *»certainly not **a slave'of hism irordV' to alatm Europe. I n England, the'Caoi-nei is divided as to the beet policy to be pursued feels, that his struggle against the American was tnetoward him. While Gladstone and Milner Gibson fejfte faith in the pacific results of the treaty of 2nmnerw, which must, in the long run, establish **eh mutual commercial relations as make a rup- ture impossible, Lord John Russell is looking out for eventual allies against theschemes of expansion •f the French* Emperor. B u t Germany remains *til divided, though uneasy about the Rhine, as well a s about a probable, though officially denied, alliance between France and Denmark. I t is cer-more noble oceans? it was physically unequal, and that he has done much as an Englishman to honoi theI _,tain that the Bishop Monrad, now first Minister of ple The tremendous Tom, the all-enduring pugilist,possible, they lay before the proprietors a statement of entific pursuits, especially of philology, in which branch place of refuge for bis compatriots. the facts, and submit the course which, upon a careful"Denmark, h a d a long interview with Napoleonwhen *!he lately visited Paris " for family affairs," eonld not speak, and therefore consented merely to and SchJeswig-Holstem will always give a handle stand on one ,of the center tables of the building, justformeetingthelosswhichhasbeensustained, jWilliam livingscholars,forthe ardor-and sincerityofhis conf|iGeorge Pullinger was appointed a cashier! of this victions, for his devotion to.the;Cause of European free- birth to four fine children, three girls and a boy, threeto the Danes for picking a quarrel with Germany. In Russia, Prince Gorchakoffs influence has again become paramount; the Czar, after a short hesita- tion between a n Anglo-German alliance, and a policy friendly to France, has found that the latter , is more favorable to the policy of expausiori inthe Bast. Thus the overtures of Austria and Prussia **ve been rejected, and Prince Gorchakoff, who for some time had reported himself ailing, is *ow again well, and thinks no longer of going to awasbornintheyear1804,andwaseducatedatthe University of Pesth, from which he received the degreeandonewbekpreviously,makingIntheaggregatenix children hr less than twelvemonths.German watering-place. In spite of the financialdifficulties, and of all the questio&s raised by the in-terminable affair of the emancipation of the serfs, Bassiahopestogainmoreby.the.friendshipofNa-poleon than by a coalition against hiin, which implies the^acriftces of a w a r without territorial compen-sation in the East. As to Austria, her 'po- April 21- sition is becoming untenable. T h e new scheme ofa shot1 fired accidentally; but it is observe 1 that sev-eral rounds had been already fired. The 1 all enteredthe ri/rbit shoulder. He suffers much, but I am not Bank of England^ accompanied by a docket, specify- Baltimore, and in Washington City, he became in 1842 ger on the late prize fight, the terms of which were that aware)thatthewoundisdangerous. (Jen.Viglia ingtheparticularsofeachpayment,*andbythe"pass- thelosershouldwheelthewinnerinanordinarywheel- served)asmajorinthelOtli,inLombarqy,mlo"48, book"eftheBankofEngland,whichwasnecessa- professorofmodernlanguagesandofhistoryinthe barrowfromBuffum'sCornertoNeckGate,adistancea lottery loan of $100,000,000 having completely tailed, n o t more than $30,000,000 haying been subscribed, Baron Bruck is unable to restore the Bank to a sound state, the paper currency continues at a discount of 32 per cent, all commercial• y ^ FLORENCE, April 16,1860. After , the^rprecientation of the Mayor ojf Leghorn,Pullmger. to deliver the pass-book to the ledger-keeper,lished several works on his favorite, science, which areI transactions are paralyzed, an augmentation of the which every one is still talking. The attendance atMarket House a halt was made, the crowd gathering so thickly that the police were obliged to^clear the way ' for them to proceed. Mr. Kimball pursued his jour- ney, completing the distance in forty minutes.—A malicious story, set afloat,- we believe, in theNew-York correspondence of some Southern journal,, reddamask,trimmedwithgoldlace,asthegonfalonie- of England fortheir statementof thebalanceofthis havebet£400to£100 that Sayers would not beat hashada.cbnsiderable circulationinvariousquarters.i taxes is impossible, and the general discontent com-r-;!tf;Ii•the fight included persons of all ranks and. degrees in the social scale. Indeed, with the exception of the bishops, it would appear that every |>hasc of high life was adequately represented. There were dnk£s, peers of the realm, members of Parliament, barristers, offi- cers of both services, and clergymen, who, one would suppose,mighthavefoundmoreprofitableemployment for their time and money elsewhere.. Among the mem- bers of the aristocracy were the Duke of Jlanehester, the Duke of Beaufort (Aunt Sally), the Marquis of Stafford, the Earl of Mahnesbnry, the Earl of Carnar- von, the Marquis of Bath, Lord Ernest Tempest, Lord CHfdett; Mr. Clay, M. P .; Mr.Monckton Millies,M. P.; and one or two other gentlemen connected with. your own part of the world. ^ "Theaccount in The.Times was written by Mr. Woods, whose graphic description of the Great East-around the pier. It was on that spot thsit the King edger, when any error in the Bank of England bal-first set foot on the earth of his new dominions. It is ance would disturb the general balance of the'day, and t—On the 20th ult., Napoleon entered his 53d year.pletely bewilders t h e Ministers. Political demon- -I strations in Pesth have frightened the Archduke tt- Albrechtoutofhis wits. H e has finally resigned Jri* office of Stadtholder, and~could not be induced toreturntoBuda.. TheArchdukeFerdiuandMax, returned from Iris penal cruise.to Brazil, has refused JI the Chairmanship of the reformed Council of State, tfor which it was impossible to find any Hungarian to take a seat in it. The"suicide of the celebrated Count Stephen Szechenyi, the father of material re- forms in Hungary, has produced such an excite- ment all over the country, thatthe Cabinet resolved at last to give concessions to the Hungarians. But,—It is said that several of the American captains at Majesty was received at Leghorn. The town concillors On Thursday last, the 19th instant, in consequence Liverpool made considerable amounts by time bets in were at the pier, dressed in their picturesque-gowns of of some information, application was madeto the Bank connection with the recent fight; -several are said tohowever painful they must have/been to Francis ern in the storm of the 25th of October last was ad-•Joseph, for they imply a kind of autonomy for mitted to be one of the finest'effqrts of journalism onrecord. Mr. Woods is an Irishman, and was formerlythe kingdom, and a complete change of the, Ger- connected with The Morning Herald. lie was the Boanizing and centralizing plans pursued for the last correspondent of that paper in the Crimea, and his ac-of flowers. Nor was the reception offered by the sums from the charges taken over to the. Bank of En- has, as is not uncommon, a charming daughter. The work as. published in Germany, we are able to sayFlorentines leeei-enthusiastic ,..-,.- gland, which he had concealed from the ledger keeper thatthe voliime contains' no disparaging allusion to At the station Marquis. Bartolomei, the Mayor of by .exhibiting tohini a fabricated pass-book, in which maiden loved, as maidens will, and, perversely enough,Florence, presented an address to the King, and when the balance agreed with what it appeared in the ac- the object of her affection was the wrong man, as the any American author; and that neither Mr. Bancroftthe ceremony was over Victor Emanuel, moiinted on a conntant's general ledger, He was then given into matter was viewed by the father; the latter wished nor Mri Taylor is referred to in it, by name or,.other-only, and while suffering extreme pain from a disabled giant,uninjured ineverylimb,and superiorinalmost• •'""••,•'—rbelt he wears.in a private office, but every avenue to it was blockedthe year. A s there is no reason to suppose that-the nent citizens of New-York; natives of Massachusetts. in«J83I; h'is estates in Russian Poland were confis-The purse was given him very qu etfybyacrowddirectly thel ^ ^ T o m reviveddie of the prize ring was withm sight. T omoffering of the pursly. He was moved gon!lVwkhk ^ctnTe''bv"the-entrance the least used*-Tvery other doorway being crowded by expectantmembers. His .appearance was the signal for a.burstof enthusiasm one rarely sees among the English peo-bank will lose a single customer from this unhappy event, itmay be hoped that the confidence expressed by the Directors that a few years will restore it to its natural state of prosperity, may be fully realized:We learn that the dinne'r will not take place immedi- i cated; those in Austria were sequestered in 1846, whenwas so overcome that his whole frame trembled. H eplace', tl ey went to the Commandant with a strong protest, couched in very severe terms. They were in- formed ;hat if they chose they might enter the arsenal, but that the Commandant had ilo alterna ive than to fire, i f t le necessity occurred. A SwTiss ge iitlemanhad been; lureisted as. he was leaving a monattery, where.he had been visiting one of the fathers, a id had beenimprisoied three'days without any.cause. An officerhad beeai shot byone of his own soldiers, and anothersoldier Ihad shot himself in his sleep while acting assentinel. 'Such was the disorder which existed. With his duties, that about three months since they voluntar- Polish army in the capacity of physician to France, egation to the Democratic National Convention lost all this.the town seemed to oe somewhat reassured, ily raised his salary to £600 per annum.Gen.Iviglia,it•wassaidinthemorning,hadbeen othercashiers,toprocurechecksformoney,tokeep Committee. HecametotheUnitedStatesin1833, manner. .shot with a ramrod, and njpw again I hear that it Was their tills supplied, and it devolved upon him to pay all with the view of founding a Polish colony. His serv-to ,bow his thanks, because he was unable to utterthem. " •- 'The Stock Exchange, are a much abused body,butthey yield to none in really, kind actions and patriotic sentiments. When Tom appeared on the table every hat was doffed, and three cheers given for him in a style that even our Queen, electrifying as her influence is from her virtues quite as much as from her exalted position, would have delighted to hear. The com- parison, eir, would be in execrable taste b,ut lor the moral it teaches, that bravery in every shape is the legitimate worship of the English people, and that amid all the trickeries of. foreign diplomacy and the calculat- ing aggressions of the French Empire, England would, as of old, become the greater as her enemies increased, andraiseupmanylikeTomSaverstodefendherpres- tigetovictory,fromthehourthathershoreswere menaced, or her, just rights invaded in any quarter.dom, and for the uprightness and earnestness of hisof whom,: the hoy and two girls, were alive. TheI am, &c,GOSSIP.'ABOUT T H E FIGHT.The JEadlidoh correspondent of The Belfast News.-lietter supplies the annexed gossip about the late prize fight: *"This little operatic misunderstanding naturally sng- gests-somc fm-therreferonee'to the famous fight, aboutUniversity of Virginia. Remaining there for two years/, he went to Boston, where he attracted much attention by bis lectures on philology, and the originality andofover two miles—Mr. George Kimball backing S.ty: ers, and Joshua Doust the Benicia Boy. Each put np $3 as forfeit, and Saturday evening Mr. Kimball, con- vinced that the Bdy had fairly won the fight, brought out his barrow, and Mr. Doust, seating himself therein,A MKJIUKKQK THKSTOCK EXCHAXOK..' ' •«0N. 100 100 450 100 JO©Y . tn .'4frda]do. do i dcnificent;corridorsofafairypalace;,suchantfleetwastwelve years, they will not .satisfy the country. I t count of the battle of"Ink'ermann was admitted to be produced by the hangings and decorations of all de to get rid of so vast a sum of money ? Consideringwas, youth firstj wealth afterward. After unsucceHS- fulattemptstoinducehertoconsenttotheunequal nuptials, the stem old progenitor set out in.his wagonautho.is true that the partition of Hungary into five differ- the best that appeared of that heroic struggle. The scriptiohs combined with the perfume offibWire which ent^provinces ceases, butneithertheso-called. ManchesterGuardian accountofthefightwaswrit- impregnatedtheair. TheDuomowassplendidlyillu-the, responsible position which he held, his salary wasITo thirl Htor \f Tlie A'. Y. Tribune. 'Wojjwodina nor Transylvania is included in the new territorial division; t h e principle, therefore, remains the same as it was under Baron Bach. Again, they resolved at Vienna to revive the coun- ties, but Without free discussion or the rightten by Mr. Tom Taylor, the Secretary to the Board ofHealth, dramatis' and art critic of The Times. Pugil-ism being a dramatic, and, a t the same time, -an artisticminated, yet with a simplicity that added to the im- posing severity of its architecture. As-soon as his Majesty, entered the church, Ihe Archbishop--who haspursuit, "Mr. Taylor was, of course, at home, takingnotes in the rhjg. As Mr. Monekton Milnes sitsfor been brought to take more sober-views of hiereligiousrassments. Pullmger was a gigantic speculator on the gave him power of continued speech, he explained the Stock Exchange. H e operated largely in the securi- mystery by saying that he had seen his wife ! I t a p - ties which present the -greatest scope for fluctatfcm, pears that as he was jogging along after the magistrate especially in Consols, Dombardo-Venetiaii railwayfoiitefraet, the borough which Mr. Gully, the cele- obligations—began the,Tc Ihum, which was respoud- brated prize-fighter, once represented, t h e honorable ed to by. the roar of artillery, and by the ace amatibuspered with, suppressed, or altered in the least any por- tioti from tnejGerman, as I can prove by comparing with the original. On the contrary, the American edi- tion is somewhat richer than the German, inasmuch a s*f election. Of course, such a concession is gentleman, no doubt, thought it incumbent upon him of thousands.mughed at in' Hungary, and the eomedy of to put in an appearance at the ' mill.' On! leaving the Duomo, the King, accompanied byshares, and Turkish and Mexican bonds. Of the lat- the gliOHt of his departed spouse came down from a notes h^ye been added to the more important allusions, ter he is known to have taken off the market at once© tree into the vehicle, took the reins from his hand, wherever hi my judgment the American reader mightcommissions o f ; confidence men" to be rcenacted for discussing a plan for a provincial diet cannot take in, anybody. I t h a s been too often repeated without any result, not to leave the conviction in Hie mmd* of all the inhabitants, that it is a sham meant for raising the wind at the moment when Baron Bruck is trying to induce some great bank- ing house to take up the remainder of hifl unsuc- cessful loan. I t is likewise said that General BaronBenedek, try birth a Hungarian, and a Protestant,a* to be appointed Military Governor of Hungary." The letter which appears in The Times of yester- Prince Carignan and his suite, mounted his h orse, and day, pigncdjny Mr. Wilkes, on behalf of lleennn, repu- proceeded'to the palace. The line of prow ssion fol-The General fought in 1849 against his country, wtality attaching to prize-fighting HA altogether indefen- sible, it must, nevertheless, be admitted that it was adesDtbatscould bel obtained was occupied. The lioness, as in most astonishing feature of this extraordinary case,that he could so long be regarded asa man of steady hab- is guaranteed for six years, even should La Presse be •We print below the correspondence between Gov. Morgan find some of his friends in tin's citv :NEW-YORK, April28.186*0.:ToEDWIND.MoKOAjr; Governor, <$tr.SiK:. The unele'rsigiied, your friends and fellow-citi-&>4 a*W*nfleeinginthebattleofKaab. He « iJk-tefrre neither respected nor feared. Withgallant thing for Heenan to cross the Atlantic to fight,every other part,were decorated with•bannersand itsinPrincesstreet,whilehewasknown-to.manyper- suspendedorsuppressed inthemeantime.diating thealleg-.ition of the umpire, that it was at the lowed Hie V ia Oalzaioli, Piazza della*Signoria. Viaeach side of the river along the whole extent :is far as - superiority,nay,hisdominion overEurope. The nearlythrottledTomSayers,andinhavingbored"him theCascmiwereblazingwith,light.Themethplot*illit- 8.Orientalquestion,shunnedandpostponedbyevery downagainsttheropesuntilhe-wasblackintheface. irriiUinghereispeculiar; insteadofrowsdf.smaltiOnofyourofficialabilitvandintegrity',r MeauwHile,theyhavethehonortobeYour obedient servants. Luther Bradis'h, Samuel Marwh, E. V- Hau^hwout,utatesmanofEurope,isnowostentatiously brought Thebattlewastobefoughtaccordingtotherulesof lamps,suchasareusuallyseen,thewindowsa:-ehung, in the foreground by him and his scribe*. The E m the English prize ring. These rules allow a combatant wit i clusters of large glass globes, in which ire sus- bassador at Constantinople said openly at lus de to throw his arm.round his opponent's neck, and, hav- pended [lamps, in groups of eight or ten togetler. Ingoredtodeath.•• ;iing so secured his head, to pummel it as long and as the extr mie distance was the suspension bridgeStill even Napoleon is sometimes reminded that his violently as he can. If he does not squeeze the neck ing out like a work of gold filagree, all the chains beingfirst lesson had been read. The church« was put in named Leonard at the breakfast table at the Broadway darkness, and although many attempts were made tolight it up again-they all proved failures. A t first it Hotel, Lexington, K y . T w o shots were fired, audHenry A. Smyth, Win. Hall,D. D . T . Marshal); John Filch,Cyrus CurtJss, Shepherd Knapp. j Chas. A . He«k>scher,A. E . Silliman, Daniel Drew,parture from Paris, " I am going to kul the sick man."stand« covered with rows oflamps, and on each side of thewill i» not yet the law of Europe. W e see a hand- ful of Swiss boldly oppose his appetite for annexa- tion, and appeal to the Powers of. Europe in such a manner as to startle the timorous statesmen, and allthemorethatth*-Federalarmyseemsprepar-was supposed that the circumstance was attributable to malice on the part of some persons who were opposed to the rector's services, but Mr.,Williams,ja plumber and gas fitter, residing opposite, having been called in to examine the meters, made it pretty certain to the authorities'thatthedarknessintowhichthechurchwas thrown was simply the result of an accident.Mr. King,the rector,,with his choristers, entered the church from the vestry shortly after 7 o'clockr.and were loudly hissed, and the. uproar was continued without, cessation during the earlier pbrtion of the prayers, which' the rector.read from the elesk. He-had finishedthe"firstlesson, and the choir had commencedCause—woman.Mind, I don't defend the rules of the prize-ring, for ing for the worst. W e cannot, on the other hand, I think they arc very brutal; I merely, say. that llee- deny that some of the more cautious Cantons, for nan'8 method of lighting wns entirely in accordance instanceZurichandBaselaretryingtothrowawet withthem,and that ifithadnot been,and ifho.had blanket upou the flaming enthusiasm of Geneva and lA-en pronounced to have acted foully by the referee,Wni. C. Bryant,J. Aimtin Steveus,'jr.. Win. II. AHpinwalJ, , J union Kelly,EoVar Ketchum, Parke Godwin,r'lie would have instantly lost the battle.Berne, and the Federal Diet has not yet been called Again, he seems to suffer in.public estimation becausetogether for an extraordinary meeting. So much,I> however is certain—that, if' the„ neutralized prov- tage, but it is 'not his fault. He Challenged the bestince* of-northern Savoy should fall, into-the hands man in England—the Champion of England. If the of* France, Geneva herself would soon become ' best man had been a big man, he would have foughtreceived'by being shot by Frank Hiird.. .("huH."A. Feabody. AlmoiiW. Qrtofold;AVnj; B . Draper,.French. • The 45,000 Savoyards residing in the Canton as laborers might soon be taOght to raise the cry of annexation,.and with a little management it would be-easy to get a majority even for such a scheme. Wemnntfurther notforget thatthe District of Pruntrut, in the Canton of Berne, has always had French sympathies, and that the Can-tons of Vaud, Valais, and vNeufehatel are French in language. T h e danger of Switzerland is therefore n o t i m a g i n a r y , a n d t h e e n e r g e t i e p o r t i o n , o f t h e . n a - tion is fuUy right to rouse the enthusiasm, to arm, and to prepare.TUK GrEEATFIGHT. InalettertoWWets'sSpirit oftheTimesthi«week, rhe editor says:of the nvei ipjheared in three festoons-garlands of the na- t ion f c< ore, beneath which poured down a cafe met of >P'-lire,whileoneachsideoftheArno,atshortintervals," I have only to hdd that, however unwilling Kn-gfidbjnen maybetoseethebeltoftheBritishCham-pion clasped around the victorious loins of H» Amer-x-an. they must, unless their boast of ' fair phiy' is ' a Times again us follows:Ty those of the havcjpi plentiful stock, there wiis every now and then a prominent citizens of Frankfort. ' *• •' \ his own conscience} is the approbation of a free anddelusion and a snare,' reconcile themselves to the «pecta<-le;for.theBeniciaBoyhas^comelorit,can ^wrin it, and will have it. • o. w .''oryrciAi. nxcisio.v o r THK RJCFKKKS. BSLI.'S LIKK is Loxno:*, April 18,18<J0.Sin: \Ve pique ourselves in this country especially onourloveoffairplay,andIdonotseewhythe Benicia Boy should not have' it, because he has shown himself a much better man than he was supposed to be.The^StliruleofthePugilisticAssociation,quotedby" ALightWeight," inyour-impression of thisday, lamps \yiilelhauds,performed nationalandotherairsisters at the altar, unavailing, persuading him to como down. ButMr.Kingstoodfirm,bravingthestormof rabble obloquy, aud once had candles taken to him at the desk, in order that he might proceed with the serv- ice. Buttherewasevidentlynochanceofsucceeding with the gas, and "ihe congregation" were gettingRev. Dr. Beman, of Troy, and the queer freaks as toldofthatladywouldfillavolume;' Yanceywas i-emt to Williams College, but no college could hold him, andtheFaculty were glad;togetridofhim.influential members.of the community in which I have, passedthegreaterportionofirtylife.:JI recoa-ni/e in each signature* the name of one de- pervedlylhigh in thw confidence of his felLow-citizen*. conspicuwis UHaprofessionalOrcommercialnuin,andhe is bigger than Sayers. That is certainly his advan-artists jtjn'ployed The fireworks were intended to the first .verse'of the *' Magnificat," when the gas went lately from burns produced by the explosion of a fluid Ch«rle8H.^u«iellf A. Grac-ie King, Win. Allen,him. H e chanced to be a small one, and helms fought hint. What 'more could he have done to provehis courage, skill, and vigor ?unongSayers deserves all credit for having continued the tight so long with his right arm disabled by the terriblegratified. \ \I am, Sir, your obedient servant,. ." A.HEAVY WEIGHT.hie, b|it tlie most striking were decide e<ny•whoactedas referee inthematch between Heenan thevergeofstrangulationandapoplexyisnotheldto•xad 8ayer« yesterday, the 17th jnst., was that the men be unfair by the rules of the ring. It merely provides archesatthetopoftheirvoices,beganto,sing profane songs sureyoullhatlcanneverceasetorememberwithpride instead of the doxology, and, in the mielst of this terrific was sent to Congress, where he fought a bloodless the evidifjii.ee | of approbation which yout letter givesyhoald not fight again-this week,on thegroundof a a x n a n i t y . A l l b e t s a r e , o f c o u n « e , o f f .1. L. OOWLINO. SAYJ&K.5'SCONDITIO.V.ThefollowingUa.copyofthephysician'scertificate •oneerningthe condition of Sayers:•KXTJKICJiTE KROM T H E SURGEONS OF S T . THOMAS'S_1 , KOSWTAL.Havmg examined Mr. Thomas Sayers this day, w e - axe of opinion,fromthecontusedstateofthemuscles, s e n d o n s , a n d m n e r b o n e o f t h c ^ i g h t f o r e - a r m , t h a t h e Tunll be unable to nse tliat arm for at least a couple of1 have not read, any account of the fight in which it, cited Xitt'H merriment.. The portrait of the En peror aiid^-ommenced clearing the place—a difficult process,• months, or probably more.',(Sfeoed) SYDNKITJONES,V.R.C.8,M'DJBPWD. CLAPTON. 31, D., M B.'("'p« . Thorn** Hoipital, April 21. I860. , ' -—Prince Adam Jerzy Czartoryski, the most promi- frequently, perhaps, than has been usual heretofore. - nent of thePolishtorietoci-aticemigrants,diedMarch 1amfifljdyawarethatthepeopleareatalltimesjeal- cipal streets. Late into the night, or perhaijs* far iu Pownal, Vt.,. had born to him, on the day he com- 23. Ho was'bom Jan. 14, 1770J was educated in ous of atSuudue use of tbia'powori but- they have con-«'• mULMVlOX OF XJiCI.ASD AKDTHESTOCK EXClVwOE.euttoextricateSavers*fromaverycriticalposition, f r o m w h i c h h e c o u l d n o t e x t r i c a t e h i m s e l f . W i l l " A Light Weighty favor me with the number of the ruleat;••timesbandsofmusicpassedslowlythroughthenameLevi;andonthesamedaywereb«j)rnuntohim iuthis,a|iuallotherrespects,a^uthfuldisclutrgeof R u s s i a n s , a r i d w a s s e n t i n 1 7 9 5 t o S t . P e t e r s b u r g a * a d u t y . | •• i !a grandson and great-grandson, tlKLparentlsat the time hostage. H e there [became the friend of the Grand Avhilfif&t-haa been -jwinful for me to periorna tins,T h e f o l l o w i n g c o m m n u i e a t i o u w a s a d d r e ^ c d t o t h e editor of Tbt Jj&ndqn. Daily Seiot:s t r e e t s , t ; n o t e s . b e i n g a t " t i m e s q u i t e d r o w n e d m t h eF K i ' S—ThcBennington Banner says.thatJohnSherman,On the other hand, it is admitted that the ropes were toward laarning, the crowd continued to pour tloiig; ^ pleted his seventieth year, a son, and he called his- France and Edinburgh, fought in 1702 against the ferred it $Lr wise ends, aud they very properly exactthat when those distressing'operations have, in the Opinion of the referee, been carriedfarenough,that o f f i c i a l s h a l l b e e m p o w e r e d t o d i r e c t t h e s e c o n d s t o separate the combatants; and that, if either of the men- orsecondsrefusetoobeyhisorders,therecusantshall instantlybedeclaredtohavelostthebattle.Dnom'tuproar, M r. Kiug left the desk, and his choristers re- tiredwithhimto.the vestry. Mr. Cboki tho parish c l e r k , s h o r t l y a f t e r w a r d m a d e h i s w a y i n t o t h o c h u r c h with a lighted taper, and announced that] the service wo'uld-iiotbecontinued. Mr.InspectorAllisonatthe sametimeenteredthechurchwithabodyofpolice,duel with Mr. Clingman. ' .— M r s . M a r g a r e t P r e b l e , a g e d n i n e t y - n i n e y e a r s t e n months and six days, died on the (5th ult., at the resi- denceofherson-in-law,inPendleton County,Ken- tucky. ShewasbominPennsylvania,aud"livedtome, afW wbicii is none thciess valuable because itsau^ ihors,onpoHracalquestions,.entertainvariousandcou- n i c t i n g o m n i o n s . . %But I am compelled to answer you that duties of an ofljcial nature,andengagementslongsincemade,w- maudmy|tinie,and1shallbeobligedtodeclineyour kind invitation. I cannot in courtesy do so, however, without bHcfly referring to your special mention ot ni)- exercise of that higli pi-enjgative with which thejs pretended that either Heenan or his'seconds refused to obey the orders of the referee on this point; nor does it appear that he incurred the censure of that official for unfair conduct during the fight.Napoleon ;with.the inscription "Italia Hberc dull' it may be imagined—the church;being by this time iu see tlie grandchild of her greatgrandchild.Whatright,therefore,has anybodynow to.charge' h i m w i t h u n f a i r c o n d u c t ? N o b o d y a p p e a r s t o b e d i s - satisfied with the conduct of the referee; and if 'Hce- nan'sdemeanorsatisfiedthereferee,what,more could be required of him1with gieiitgoodlsense, prohibited all vehicles ixolil cir- culatingtntilalVer11o'clock,'sothepeoplecouldwalk a b o u t w i t h o u t d a n g e r . " H a d n o t t h' i s w i s e o r d e r b e e n given, Jt|fe:most.probable some accident would have happen id for Florence is not a city of sidewalks notbehgmetwithexceptin-twoorthreeoftheagain the favorite amusement of singing' tjhe dbxology upauddownCannonstreetwasresortedto.wife andfamily, lias been heartl from as keeping s c h o o l i n T o r o n t o , d . W . . . . jProfouh 1 convictions of duty have constrained, me to- w i t h h o l d j J I V f u n c t i o n f i - o m m e i u j u r e s a t b o t h s e s s i o n s of the LtL islature, and especially during the last, more- which authorizes tjieir being so cut?' • Did the refereethey are worthy oi your paper. I hates lighting as a give the order to cut them, or was it done by Sayers' tiful fro i) the higfits of Fiesole; lines of light narked .are living now.The neighborhood of the city, too, was beau- science, cultivated in cold blood purposely to develop friends? It certainly wus not done by Hcenan's the villi ind hamlets on the hill to the north, wiuleDuke Alexander, afterward Emperor. v Soon after- ward h|o was sent as Embassador to Sardinia, but was recalled in 1802 by Alexander to take the Portfolio of ForeignAflairs. IIesignedthealliancewithEngland for Rujssja in 1805, and went through the campaign offunctiohMild to diller so often from a respected and co-ordinuxe branch of the Government, 1 have never done so.except when my convictions of duty were clear, and when, as 1 believe, it w as required bvtue bestinterest*oftheStateatlarge. jTreasuring ybur letter as among the most valued oi tb<; man)* marks of public favor which have been slijowa me since my eutituice upon the discharge ot my om-tfnt: I admire your strictures on puxiiinm heartily;em tfriends. Why was that step taken '!. Why did not the oh the wp th from S. Miniato to the hill of themerebruteforce,'".^axonpluek,"andpowerofeu- refereedirectHeenan'sseconds,to takotheirmanoff, darance. It is still more odious to me as a vehicleof according to the ride quoted by " A Light Weight,"*|.'apu-Mii.riAKi F.fNiatAi..—Thefuneralobsequiesof(lie late Col. Gluts. H . Sandford, who died-on his way tobetting and animal excitement among the aristocracy,aad of course among tlie miserable mob which are rmreand, on their refusal, adjudge the victory to Sayers ?I do not make the observations from any love toto follow in the wake of ,*he so-called ." .Swells;" butwith all these objections fixed firmly in my soul—a prize-fighting. I do it because I think a very gallantBARK OF LONDON.manoffignrosandnotoffists—IownIhaveenjoyed fellowisnotgettingfairplay.Ifwearebrutalenough ibe tribnte^aud reception given to Tom Sayers u\ the to tolerate such exhibitions, at least let us deal fairlyTheprocessionwillmovefromthelate"residenceof 1807,wjhen'he'retiredtothenewly-createdDuchyof The ffollbwing neport on the recent frauds of their deceased, No. 312 West Twenty-second "street at JJ Warsnw, where he lived until 1814."when he accompa-deserveYour.genei*oiu*praise, <• 1 1 U'B to remain, V«<rj' lWtlilullv.g«oek,£xchangeto-day.Itwasreallyasplendidnighty rf»dworthyo/>- W'-uw'hlocould,with b'iftleft h*uo.w*h stranger* who engage iu them.,chief e»mer has ibeen issued, this evening, bv the.UnionIEaikofLondon. Itgivesaclearsummiryof o'clock,andproceedtothechurch,wheretheservice niedAlexandertotheCongressofVienna. Hewasi your .bli«4 and ^ f ^ l & E O A R 4^WK» 6. W.VD8WOHTM,LVTMKK BKAUIKK, *»0.• & > . •>'.*WJHtMltSJU•ff.-v^.-v••••'* •••VP^i&&^.**WQ&^f(&£<lyy^ja^^fwwcg^ywwyoyvvy/*^* >•**-^r^f^*-n»*TM"^»'^'«*>e>Thomas M. Tryniski •ir «!WV .VJ'«fV*^r ;. ,T^r.M,T. ^w. yT CyW r.•Wnlilli U W i1 ijfr^UJgW^JB**^ ^*w^iiwy***iMfc*y<^Mw»^wy*'/w*i^^y;T*^v-rt«rt*\^*,>fflOrK/uw«<^\-^j.^B/»^J.<j;^v?yi^ffl^j_, .,«.A*rxlTM-iwo>8«*iyo«r«b*<Ji4Mitwirvunt.A ItEAVy WEIGHT.NEW-YORK DAILY *RIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, IS60.Directorsproposetomeet theevil atonce bywritingoff£2 pershare,or£120^000from thecapital,which*/,••''everyphysicalqualification. '•'+'•'£•Stock Exchange, Tom Bayers came into its immeouatc on Satin day, but the insurgents, of course retired. T tneighborhood this morning, to receive a purse;of tw is pot Ihoir plan to risk "any .general 3ngagement. guineas, subscribed for him by many of the bodies wno Cataldi returned without (results. The artillery havedestroy* d the villas under Mont4 Pellegrino, especially near• tli > Borgognone. J^fear this spot the cavalry werC nv tch cut up b y the insurgents. j "*;;.,•sujbjcctcd, H is successor accused him of havingde^ i and by deducting £40,000 from the divisible profits of this city, in consideration of thedistinguishedservices jjdtb Rmw'a. After the outbreak of 1830 he becamethe twclvemontli ending on Itfie 30th of June next.This will leave the concern with its original capital rendered by him to the old Commonwealth. Among President first of the Provisional and then of the Na-intact, and also with a sufficient surplus to declare a the signers to the invitation were W , C. Bryant, tional Government. For this he sacrificed his immense5 per cent dividend at the next lneetuig. which, with David Dudley Field, the Kev. Henry Ward Beecher, riches, an 1in August, 1831, he resigned to serve asthe 71 per cent already: paid, will make 12| per cent for W . M. EvartS) W . H . Hooker, and many other promi- a private soldier. He was excluded from the amnesty'The^tnaleftlastnight-M8o'clockwitlicavalryfor Messina A t present 18.0CK)soldiers are concentrated—Weunderstand that a.numerously-signed letter has been sent to Gov. Banks by-citizens of New-York,j -' .< ' <"i -.'fcnJM VJtWM: jjjIfiWErlr . *J,000littd.d.OOOliod.3,000 l i a r ] e L0OO Haric«oom.-1;«LOOOCHc.J a,000 H»:t &.000 N. .(. 75JRbonlx. 10 Natioiva.2&B*ok'tS H»novei tOParkUaj lOC^mb. (lOJDeLfcl100 , <*-»•02« 3»*ctfic B a» il nAo.50172HC. X 2W d.>.UWl »wo600200 d lOO ErieiBZZtlit.isqHad.;•H850! d "r8,nOOMi»^-u: 10,0002,000-dJ. <> 1,000131-1*n 30,000 Mich. "10 Basic «.i5 Del. k. 4 t twas increased to that extent by a bonus in July last,At the special solicitation of certain members of the •in Paler no. Con. Cataldi| loft the city wi h. 6,000 men by^appropriating the existing reserve fund to £100.000, formerly of "Massachusetts, inviting him to a dinner in jfayed for a century the amalgamation of "Lithuaniadesired to express in this way that the whole countryWe) lave no steamer infrOm Palerhv>to-day, butone fron Messina gives (the following intelligence:The tjr<ops"seem to. have acted wjthrtne greatest ca*-priceja: id to have themselves done, every Juing to pro-mote ja revolution. On the night Of ho 10th andmorniu'i' of the 12th they began firing, wit lout any ap'-nnreiijt' aecessity, with both musketry and cannon.Many people were killed in their houses. The soldierstired jright and left as if for amusement, O'-as if undera panic! The' British and;French Consusin the firstphicere uonstrated against a bombardment of the town,but we *e reassured. However, as a cannonade took, consideration of the circumstances,' they recommend ins attainments were almost without a parallel amongimpossible to describe the enthusiasm with which his become the subject of investigation.ri were. in the times of Lorenzo il Magnifi co. Prom bank, when a deficit of no less than £263,070 was dis- the richest quarters of Via Larga to the poo;'est of Via covered. Pullinger, who was absent at the timeat-Heenaninanhour. ,. . .According to this story, in Humboldt's private letters and conversations now ju»t published, the illustrious German takes occasion to sneer at several American - authors, and especially at Mr. Bancroftand Mr. BayardPaliestro, from the harbor entrance to the ttation, thestreetsjof Leghorn bad been turned into so many ele-gant, saloons, gorgeously adorned with draperies, flow-ers, anjd banners. Bands of. music preceded the royal the Stock Exchange, he had, from time to tiine, sincecarriages us thev made their slow way through a rain his appointment as chief cashier, abstracted large'•—We learn from the best authority, that the rumor that Archbishop Hughes is to-be made a Cardinal, is entirely unfounded.splendid charger, took the way of the Duomo, followed custody. • / •.her to' marry an elderly rich man, while her motto WJHC. Our readers will find the same fac.t8 stated inby Bai^on Ricasoli and his staff. The streetsi throughWhich the royal cavalcade passed resembled the mag-The London Daily News, says: Itisnaturallyasked,howhasPullingercontrivedno less than £20,000, and even £50,000 stock, paying quietly turned* the horse's head, and. drove her cowed request of the American party that he ordered the men Vaccfineceia, MeK-ato Kuovo, Porta Kossi, Piazza for it in bank notes.. It will be a pointfor the direct- husband back to his home. Rather than have thisnot clear y understand them. I have also appended , an index of persons alluded to in the volume, which is. not in thji Leipsic edition.Please: correct this impression, and obligetoleaveoff,was written at The.'Piute*office. TheAmerican champion and two of bis friends went toThe Thins office to see the 'editor, and explain their ..HI) tSanta Trinita', Porta Santa Trinita, Via 2Vlaggio, as faras the street which leads into the Piazza Pittf immedi-rately opposite the great entrance to tlu/pala :e; Thisstreet, was ..entirely arched over with flowers and dra-ors (who have already taken steps to make the delin- quent's small property,available) to ascertain whether he lias any concealed assets of this kind.thing happen: again, he consented to give the daughterto the poor but honest young man,-and since then his -wife has no£:harrassed him by her unexpected presencesquare over two hours, and the mob became so tumul-tuous hi their demonstrations to get a peep at theTransatlantic gladiator," that he had to be let out theback way, from which he hurried into Ludgate Hill, side, anjdItUe'windows and roofs of the homes, were that'Pulliriger himself recently met tljiese bills, to the anda salary-of 10,000 francs for. a situation on La and got into a cab. Putting aside, of course, the bru- tbronge,d. Everypoint from which a view of i;he King extent, in one instance, of'£4,000. Ic is, perhaps, the Presse, with a salary of 12,000 francs. This last sumYour Obedient Senant, k, May 7, 1360.GOVERNORFRIEDRICH KAPP .MORGAN.version of the affair. Thev were at Printing-JLi«ms< peries, andf beautifully decorated. In the piazza in the panic in May last, beingob.hgcd to pay 6s. 8d. in theor by reminiecencej^of domestic discipline. —M. Prevost^Paradol has left the JournalthechampionofEngland(whohaddefeatedeveryad- hingings. On reaching the state,apartments,his sonsconnectedwiththeStockExchangeasanhabitual such concession* Hungary will certainly not be ap- versary bnt one) on lus own soil. The general impres- MfeijOKty held a reception of all tlie different public bod- speculator. Pullinger had other expensive tastes. He—A week ago last Saturday, as Mr. John Green, of Broome, N . Y., was leading his bull from a pasture lot to the barn, the aiiimal, from some cause, became ir-peased, while even these conid not be wrenched from sion here is, that the men will have another meeting,ies andjthe military. .This lasted till about 3£ o'clock, wStenjtoe King-appeared in the balcony over ihe.'great' gate of the palace. The vivas were deafening and fo,ran race-horses, in conjunction with- a well-known miner, and occasionally represented to his agents inzens, beg leave to tender to you the expression of ap- prOyal for the fidelity to the public, interests which has chai-ae-terized your administration of the State Govern-and-that the whole affair will be managed'so quietlyfront of the pitlaee a large body ofj the Nation il Guard was'drawn up, and the remainder of thej/ait square was a jpei'iect mass of heads. ' The terraceiion eachpound before its partners.could be rendered eligible for readmjssion, gave bills for the amount; and it is statedthe Emperor b u t by the.plea. of f.ltreuie necessityJDisrract»'d as Austriais"inherownprovincesshe thatrhegenenilpublicwillknowuothing'aboutituntil alJout ten'minutes hestoodtherereceivingtheheart-' heStockExchangethatsomeofbistransactionswere ritated,andHtiddenlyattackedhim. Theonsetwasso ment,andespeciallyforyour firm anddiscreetexer-gtih exercises through the kings a n d prince* ofSouthern Germany a pressure upon the Federal JDiet at Frankfort, and opposes Prussia Whomshe •feuspeefs of schemes of aggrandizement. Such beingthe state of Central Europe Napoleon will certainlyif is nil over.'" ifelt acclamations of his new subjects. or. account of that individual. It is saidtliat Pullmger cise of the veto power in opposition to the dangerous 8alsoashareholderm'theUnionBank; butit isnot unexpected,andMr.G.beingcompletelyoffhisguard, schemesofthelateLegislature.At 8 p.m. the King passed to K loggia wl ich had to be imagined" that the fact .of .Iris being a partner in that he was hurled violently to the ground. So long ' Recogiijizing you as the representative not only'of themake use of the- opportunity to fully establish his his1 hosts, the English. '-• . ' .'He isaccused of having acted unfairly, in havingTo the I'ditvfFAIR PLAY.<>/ 't tit London Tinier."?;beefi prepared in the .gallery which lqads f -om the palace, to the Ufiizi immediately over the cente £ of the Polite Vccchio. From hence the rou/j-d'aril was mag- nificent,'almost realizing the description of Aladdin sgaMens in the "Arabian Nights." The houses Ojuthe concern will screen him from the punishnteht due to his flagrant crime.'THE "RELIGIOUS DISSENSIONS^IN ST. GEORGE'S-IN-THE-EAST.yrovi TheLoitdon Timet, April 23.Yesterday^eveningtheriotsintheparishchurchof St.George's-in-the-Eastwerebrought toa closebv means which were entirely, une^xpected, and which had the effect of cutting oif the services soon aftejr theas Mr. Green remained quiet, however, the bull ceased to molest him; but on making the j least effort to rise, the infuriated animal would recommence the attack. Fortunately, bis perilous situation'was discovered by Mr.CephasTilliston,whowasplowingnearby,and whocametotherescueintimeto!preventhisbeing' .SIR: I am sure yon will allow me to make a few observations on behalf of the gallant Benicia Boy; who i» not, fithink, receiving quite fan- play at the hands ofRepublican party, but of the whole people of the State of New-York, and prouel of your official acta, the un- dersigned? respectfully ask your acceptance of a public dinner atsuerh time and place as may suit your conveni- ence, in order that they may be allowed an opportuni- tyofexpressingtoyoupersonallythenighappreeia-at this point were erected towers, the w hole of the ircb itecture being indicated by lamps. Th]e river was thri'dged with barges, which had been bro ight uppivenbadlywoundeda tCynthiana,Henry A. Hurlbut, ¥. A . Palmer, Robt. T . Haws, .AugUKtus F . Dow, Robert Emmet, D..D:Lord,DMiiiel Lord,It. L«*nuox Kennedy. Robert ILiy,Jo»»eph Sampson,Edwd. Whitehouse, Jumes Gallatin, \V.M.Vermilye, Lloyd Aspinwall^he (ecasion, filled with' people, and several hadbaitflsofmusic-Onboard!andwerecover;dwithed lights—green, white, and red.. The fii|ow<»rks colo i•were av imged on the Pontc (Jorraja',iignal being given from near the Poi te Vec-chio thai the King had arrived, by a blue ligl t being bunlt, wo lines of rockets darted out from the sides oftlieriver,meetinginthe center of.the bridge,and in^t:.ntl-ff returning, asif-they were,messengers. to tliefor iof themirepresent a battle There was the heavy boom of can- non nndjthe rattle of muak'etryyw.ith rockets and shellsJohn C. Green.W. C. lMckerngi'U,Robert B . Aljn.Mirn,A. A. Low,Moses Taylor,E: Booneu Oruvje«i E. Dclafield Smith, Win. B . Astor, Benj. D.Silliman, "VN'ui.M.Evartn, P. Perit,Henry *K. Pierropont, JoKeuh Hoxie, Robert C. Goodhue. H e n r y F . V a i l , D a v i d D u d l e y F i e l d , R . W . \ V « t « i .STATEorNKKV-YORK,EXECUJTIVEJDEPARTMEST,) I ALBA.VY, May5,I860. ^, , . . . . . . tliIt is with deep regret that the directors have to com-ately, in consequence of the Governor's official duties' the Austrians were driven from Cracow, bnt they not allowing him to be absent just at this time. were restored in 1848. In March, 1848, he called on—Dr. Charles Kraitsir, whose sudden decease is an- Gcnnanyand France by proclamation to unite inre- nounced in. our columns this morning, was well known storing- Poland. In April he abolished serfdom on hig William George Pullinger. mid, with as little delay as to h numerous circle in this city for his devotion to sci- ^states. In Paris his magnificent hotel was always a—Elizabeth Culwick, the wife of a laboring manmunicate to the proprietors that they have discovered vexy large frauds committed by their late chief cashier,bank m April, 1839, having previously held a similarsituation in the banking-house of Sir Claude Scott &Co., and, after sixteen years of, most'efficient, zealous, character. He was a native of Hungary, where he .woman Was confined with twins just eleven months and,it1Bstillbelieved,faithfulservice in subordinatecapacities, was, about five years ago, raised to thesituation of chiefcashier, and such was the confidencereposed in him by the directors and manager, and their'satisfaction with the manner in which" he discharged•eJ-checks, gold and silver coin, bank-notes, &c, which were not required for the purposes of this bank, to theices were soon in request as a teacher, and after resid- ing for a time in that capacity in the neighborhood ofton NeralA that two youngmen of that city made a wa-'rily in his official change, and an account of these pay-ments was also furnished by Pullinger to 'the principalledger-keeper. In the ordinary-' course of business,Pullinger daily sent a junior clerk for the pass-book,which contained the acknowledgment by the Bank of thoroughness of his methods of teaching. He, pub- England of the cash, paid in, and it: was the duty ofwas ceccetiorated by Victor Emanuel, an:l is muchesteemed.RECEPTION OP .VICTOR EMANUEL AT L E G - HORN AND FLORENCESFrom The London Netos.landing pier of. the harbor a magnificent cat opy^of red ledger. The ledger-keeper, on findinghisiaccount tallyr thousand copies of trf^Rev. H . M. Field's "Summervelve.tj surmounted by a gold crown, had been erected. with the pass-book, w ou}d'report the Bank of England Pictures" for the school libraries of that State. >' Thousaiuds of tri-cofored flags had been hoisted all balance to the accountant, to be posted iii the generalwell known to-students of philology.Victorj Emanuel and his suite left the sh'p. At'the in it against the Bank of England by the items in his —The/School Commissioner of Ohio has ordered a large crowd of bystanders. When they reached thewhose duty it.would then become to check the entrieswas borneIalong by the loser, amid the cheers of a«S3We R41T 50 - do50 d o .350 d o . 60 d o .260 Mich.-l'4alThere w;^ Stock marki eatcitemenik' movementi1. bull operatoand the rwapparelitlj u j financial aad bears, on th-tioa until tia croue/demor leading stocl Prices fell off atety after thconsiderable higher than tevidently a;• and the ope- atrated this o..in the'EnglJ* sbipmenisr-h the bean:,, • as much ih< time the mai-1' »moring for a -efforts the ma it lost in a rbi The leading e tral, which, a 79^8^). <Ju<large gain and the pro-j: if not betti by the Chi'aWill contra.-a "violent comj -down the et active 'movemS -change in the advanced to 10-" wasmoredobr ment, but tl^e is one of the ahares were sA Galena, and >J^ cent better;! demand, and-close. Theid <&.<93;•Misooai CumberlanuCj I05J©105i; N79f©80; Erie •Railroad Co. ;4j Harlem Prefer «431; JCcbiasgan Southern«l2ir do. Gul Oo., 145«rl-foj 60i; G ^ n a aCleveland and and Jiock I.-L n<trtd7»,88i«89j The foreign 14 to-morrow, bi'-jtlquite moder-.t banker* tbi'h' merchants biiis-1 Sterling id lO- ^Preighisr—To' a t I d . ; 57baJe~«q .200 tps. Lard atJ bagB, at ttiildJ 27,000bush.{ot bbls. Flour onin bags; 120TUI p k g s . I > a r d a c *-<lJSide Cuba and \\ and $3 for Molji Sido Cuba and lasses,andasjj$450V.blid. hisses on de<k.' * The busihe** $6*3,613 '80—6'. 526 07; Balaii.The export*i overlast^-ear increasing am]iForthewvpk...JCfrrvriovalj report. •5,i»c* Jaa. 1 . . . .'J.• The accountsi wil|l heed this,Aea 'friderableportiiui•country, r ThebusipesteotIThereisrather I stock houses. Imtrstee,.ana,noti :»ent is!jon-'-ii-ut'|:»uisanooi||-;A,J.m ' l i u r e s a s k i n g C o rchange iinnieh l jivttelyneededfor ^irouldthon reiuai liurplus wpuldj i n e n t o f g o l d t < | - mUw a milfioninit'houses [are. shii J '»any is' in, \ mfnie of- tlaih* oorporfttoi Tho AcU-iatic|n»a and.5.hours. -He formanee w;.^ Let c^»dMortgageb who hayejnot u\ oxtendingtliemic^it>ecemlerih:v*; •iibto, in Older ti- fcytheiCth of i«iafeeoitlLOMirin ts*d for- kale attending a funeralof a relative, was immediately-fob1lowed by a direbtorand the manager, and broughtback, when he at once confessed that, from losses onA speculative Stock Exchange firm, [which failed inout, and left the-chure-h in darkness. Fortunately, it being only 7^:20 o'clock, some little light streamed through the windows, enabling the people iust to see each other. . Had it been, perfectly dark the conse- quences would probably have been serious. As it was, the women mid girls, who were present in great num- bers, set'up a simultaneous scream from all parts of the church, while from the galleries there; was a strong movement,andeverynowandthenfreshscreamsredJiiid;rreen. Thedisplayhistedabouthalfailhour, narrowstaircases. Meanwhile,menwith loudvoices fluidlamp. Allthehair wasburned from herhead,Joun. Sturges,N. Ludlum, Horace Greeley, ()w>. F . Tahnan,Hying a n d exploding in all directions. Then, tremendous explosions, would rise flights of l ockcts, liten llyjin hundreds, which on .exploding fori led tri- coloif bouquets. Then across the whole widtllamp. •*.'.-.'•-—Mrs, Dugan of the same county, died also of burnsproduced by the explosion of a fluid lamp.—Mrs. Glesser, of Mobile and two children weredreadfully burned by the explosion of a fluid lamp.—Mrs. Geo. Seiders of St. Louis was dreadfully burnedabouttheheadandbreastbytheexplosion"ofae>..lebO. Halted, George Opdyke, (I. S. Iloubins,E.. C. Benedict,l•,C1haps, more credit for haying so disabled Sayers than blazed_p it Bengal lights, changing as they bin ned to from those who were rushing frantically down theblows of Heenan.' But surelv Heenan deserves..SaversdoesforhavingbungedtipandblindedHcenan's ••yes.At Famlwrough Sayers's friends and backers numeri- cally*exceeded those of Heenan iu the proportion of t e n t o o n e .If the English party, the stronger, had been anxious that the light should go -on, I think that that the doc- trine of probabilifies leads' us- to suppose tlfllt. it would have gone on. If th* American party, the weaker, tearingtheirmanwouldbebeaten,hadwishedittobe stopped,Ithinkthesamedoctrinepointsouttousthat then* wishes would not, in all probability, have beenmd iho lamps which had been purposely kept in re-serve , wfere in a few minutes lighted. Around eachofthe ordinary lamps were hung clusters of. globes aboutt w e n t y a t e a c h , , t h e e n t i r e l e n g t h o f t h e L u n g o 1 A r n o ,and eachj of the bridges, from a dark mass, lecamealive Willi]light, large lamps being fixed in t icma- doors. . /1 soury The Arno was .bridged-with flame. About 10Gi-'N'i LKMK|N: .Since my return to this citv I havereceived void letter of the 28th ultimo, tendering me a —The yqung ladies of Hopedale, 111., met to trim a public dinner at such lime and place as may be momc o n v e n i e n t t o m e , a n d a c c o m p a n y i n g t h e i n v i t a t i o n ,with exprciisijons of approval of m y oiheial course—ex- an ]alleged insult toward one of the ladies, Mc- pressions most grateful to a public man, and particu- larly to one charged -with the, often delicate and always responsible duties Of the Chief Magistracy of this.State. 1believeallmenoccupyingofficialpositionsprizethegoodopinionofthosewhotakeaninterestinpub- lic affairs; and that the mo»t gratifying and honorable recompense of a public man, next to the approval ofo'ekx k't'l ie King, with Prince Carignan and shmc of issuite,intwocallages,madethetouroftlifsprin-Attempts weixi several times made to light, ''the gas, and.insomecasesthe?attemptsweresuccessful,but onlyforamoment,andthenthechurchwasagaininDowel drew a knife and killed Findley on the spot.•ijialtanHofthecity.To deslribe all the illuminations w'OoljJ<d. be injipossi- dnrkness. By means of tapers aud lucifermatch.es, ofPalazzo!weccbio.Loggia duLanzi, Municipio,and glimmeroflight,bywhich Mr.King wasseen stillThe same correspondent writes to 1'he London Duonjo,' lie qupola of which blazed in a nianne:- to be standing at the desk, and Mr. Lewder, one of the paro- seen pOAylJere else than in the illumination of St. Penlightenedconstituency; I,atleast,amnotmdiifer--i'ul, tlie WwhlioOfie of its arches being hung with cliisieifi ofYancey, in SJmth Carolina, shothisuncledead,.and entitledB|expressthesentimentsaswellofthemetrop- The decision of.the editor of Bell's Life in Lort'lo/t, clearly proves that boring on the ropes and hugging to within in* ihclosure. So, also, were the t.riu hphal more riotous as the darkness increased. They shouted ,was imprisoned for the act fifteen months, and then olisasQ|otherportionsvftheState. Ineednotas-theBorgoOgni Santi,andhithePiazzadel 'Thenustbrilliant private-house wasthatbeJUngiug-t o a J e w i <h g t j n t l e m a u i n t h e P i a z z a S t . M a r i e N o l v e l l a ; it wan covered.Vwith inscriptions and devices! On someo:'thehouseswerptransparancies—onedro-vlypar- ticularattention., It.wasintheViaCalgaolij-aidex-called to'the people to keep their seats; others bbgan and she cannot live.to sing.the eloxofogy, while the organist endeavored to d r t f e w n a l l v o i c e s b y p a v i n g a t t h e h i g h e s t p i t c h o f which his.instrument waiH-apable. All tin's time therec h u r c h f o r , s e > m e f e s t i v a l o c c a s i o n , a n d t w o m e n , n a m e d Fiiidley and McDowel, getting into a tight relative to.was yelling,1 howling, shouting, and slamming of'pew—AMr.PaynediedatFrankfort,Ky.,andhis father-in-law,Mr;Dryden,whenwittingupwiththe whtyh many of the boys in the galleries appeared to corpse, cut his thioat and died. Both gentlemen were—Yancey, the leader of the Secensionists, is a nativeter's it Itome. From the ground to the sumulit the chial curates, running up to him from amid the chor- of Troy, N . Y . His mother subsequently married the present ca«e, it comes from so many of the leading and•ilpe. ail'] Mriatico." T h e implied sarcasm-wai duly total darkness, a n d densely crowded. I n about halfappreciuft-dj bylthe spectators. The authorities; haa, an hour, the mob was got out into the street, and here borougb, Pa., with a woman named Sawer, leaving a Constitution has clothed the chief Executive officer.criesresiding in three different States. All threC of the boys• ' ' • ...noon,in Trinity Chapel, in West Twenty-fifth street. He followed Alexander until the] treaty of Tilsit in cini.dmies, but conscious at the same tiine howhtUe 1u r1 \va Vittorio Lmanucde.r "VivaUalla lib-fire.THE H I ^AULTING CASHIEtt O F THE OflON Venezuela with Gen.. Pacz, will take plax'e this after- that year with Alexander, being present at Austorlitz.ciniwa»i!girdleofFrom'lift Loudon Timet, April^S.the meaJisJ iriiployeOj and confirms the anticipatioiis asfor tlie burial of the dead will be read by the Rector.Untitled Document-.-^A-Vfw^M,)^^,made Senator-Palatine of the new kingdom-of Poland.I I M , »mlptliwu. •..'.,-'ofpi D. hi 1828.took an active part in the revolution, following theHo went to Poland in 1831, and—It is a curious coincielence to the death of ex-Gov. Robinson tt Charleston, that in 1840the Vermont del-—In Sandusky, Ohio, lives a rich old fellow who Taylor. From' careful examinations of the original,the subjoined letter, which we have received* from theftheAmericantransition: 'manifestlyinadequate. Thisisthecommonerrorof toprocureamagistrate,determinedthatthewedding Sia:Myattentionhavingbeencalledtoastatement in sonie|0i. the city papers, to the effect that in my 'employers, fromwhich joint-stock banks, despite their should be done at once, and anyhow. In a short time translation of'" Humboldt's Private Correspondence, enormous dividends, are not exempt. But the present he returned jn a great fright, went to bed, and had a published by Messrs. Rudd 6c Carleton. there haveis no petty case of a bank officer exceeding' his income been parts suppressed, I beg that you will do' methe and appropriating a sum sufficient to meet his embar- long fit of sickuesB. When his strength, returning, favor to state that I deny emphatically1 having tam-—A man named' Cook attempted to shoot a manCb:iH. C. Leigh] R. H . McCurdy. John A . C . eiray. James Renwick, P. A - Conklind Roe Lock.wood)e;eo. S. Applcton, M. B . Blake,Aduiii W . Spieit, Simeon Dniper, JohuH.White, * Win. K . Strong.J. N . 1'helpn,Sitiui.el B . Jtiig^JcK, ,C. A . Dnna,Andrew Carrigiin, Jan. S. Wadnworth,—Capt. Elliott of Maysville, Ky., has'died of wounds James II. Tituxj , Geo. W . Blunt, Win. Curfin Noyes, Ixaao Sherman,Jofeeph Blwnt, —Jesse Martindale of Warren County, Ind., died John A.Stevens,Hiram Barney,—A Rev. M r . Keesey, w h o eloped from Greenn-living a t Albrighton, near SnifTnal, England, gave. —A Salejm (Mass.) correspondent-writes to TIA Bos-G. H . MarnhaH,i'eter Cooper,W. YVtfteriiht, jr., Richard Warren,Thomas A . Emmet, James A . Briggs,ent to such approbation, especially when, as iu the '-T"309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 