 JaSHseized hold of to prejudice the people against the"boldesteffrontery.Youneedmorepluck." concurrenceofmostoftheSouthernOppositionamong«becitizens.oftbeUnitedS'atesresidingthere-havereasontobelievethatthereisanewsecretor-closelycropped,andwouldbebristly,butthat,whenIwillonlynotice,inaddition,Mr.Bryant'sadoptionni^ i towMl'Ir»> M!&»1jjghul•/TV*:*might intervene to prohibit and abolish polygamy indemand that in Connecticut and elsewhere theythe. same general purpose, and more effectually car- rying out that purpose.that Gen. Pierce has declined Mr. Buchanan's invita- tions to visit the White House.and was vett«d in you. If your Excellency deter mines not t o o'mmu'f. 1 would e mostly urge that you respite tne prisoner to the 2< tb of Ap-il, the day fixed for tbe execution of Mortimer Sbea, so that the people ol tbis city may be saved from tie pos- sibility or two excitements within a momh, or rather. I wouldmmmmmm«•Istep, to his recent speech in the Senate. He read ently, according t<» the standpoints of men. O f speech at the meeting, is supposed to be a son ofthe and detenu it." being transferred to an earlier locer, the latter be-*efcwas& -tote-^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ r ^ a * « s - ^ *iWS»*SWASHINGTON, • w v -s a • . ; • • i --l,COr Si:.,. ».'FROMjpaintafaj, pryteet, or' countenance the praeiice b* him and Buraham, is. by some greenhorns, and by •wiener, abolish the patriarchal institution of po- polygamy,' evasively called spiritual marriage, how" some whq know better, attributed to political rea- lygamyxnaTerritory,withoutimpliedlyaffirmingerverdisguisedbylegalorecclesiasticalsolemnities/sons,whilethefactisthatitisduesolelytothein-At.f-v..i»J.:.'"'•''•''ruAUH"\* vSATJISBTJRY, DC THE SEKAT^R, UPOHtheir power to treat in like manner the potnarehal sacraments, ceremonies, consecrations, or other con-the lady overflows, and abe sends him away with, a " ridge, fr*«b from the press." Now the firrt popular psir of sheets at least On c<mparing notea, the la- work of Hannah More which gained anv extensive10/fl« d o . . 1,900 Erie hi %/W- Hud> m2,<Kt) Harlem 2^0f- Mich. S «.»<* IJt Cea 3,009T.H.ic 2,(00 L*C. «t i 2,000 N. J. Ce 3,0f0 L. E. b• l,0Or>Clev. 4: l^fOD.L.ft 20 Bank o f t7 d o . . 20 Chatbam 110Pac(£MLSO do. 450 do., 100 do.. 301 do.. lot do.. SO do., lot do.,90 do..W ) N . Y. C*nt• 'StAVERY AUD SEWARD, ' ! WASBW«TON> April 2,I860;Batpeniog to look into the Senate Chamber to-dies of a certain section of Montreal came to the con-circulation in tbis country, " Coelebs in Search of a....logic, hardly reaching the level of a "composition** • ofa Sophomore in a Southern College, its only salient crats would follow its the result of a. decided opposi-sented by 844 delegates. But it had no particularpolitical significance. It was apparently made up in aboutequalproportionsofdisappointedWhigsandtrict.BothareunderstoodtobeforSeward.DudleyPerese,esq.Whenfollowingthehounds,sheofthecatr,willsatisfyaoyunbiasedmindthatthe! 10Pa'kBas^speech he delivered to-day (if it be not a misnomerto'call the reading, in a mumbling tone, of an essayce) e wish to unite the Opposition, and as a prac- ticable way to accomplish i t There are thosemembers of which were members of the His?i Leg-Seward's friends must not look for an earnest and enthusiastic support from thio State in the Conven-delphia 1st inst., reports that, on the night of the 16th ult, in lat 23° 56', long. 81° 56', a man fell overboardecoted on 'he 30th of the present ouonth. I respectfully »t*t«: That the prisoner kept a grocery and Hq lor irto.e In Pell •trwet, bttw^fn Mott8ird Dover and in© deceased formerly lived In the) name street, thoueh at the tune of bin death be resided a mile or two away. Be had b««n In the habit of vJLiting the prisoner's place more or lest frequently, to drink and to play at cards. ^H* wan a tailor, addfeu-.d to Oilnk, and when ander the inflaenoe o f liquor noi-v and foul-montbed, though at other times harmless! enooch. In some of hi« drunken va/ades be had grossly slan-two in»taiiceshown to pot 'jobbers, but 1 Second Boanwae heavy not cleariy market"ayrnj was more tb cent in Cent offered &t 1C Jieadixjg Wi.i; tors are takin isadispoeitioz,nponthe imp] Weetern shitr <mangee. In 1 proving pricet Fourth Mort{ 35|. Soothewasafierwart to 94—an imp came off on th at82£. Itisri State "will not Virginias tone \lrginia 6a, Company, i^i 16; Pacific Mand Bouse speeches this session. Indeed, by the ticket should not be taken at Chicago if the designbe to defeat the Democracy. The election in Ten- nessee and Kentucky of a majority of Opposition members of Congress is referred to as proof that,who has joined, though with some reluctance, thenew organization.. 1 he President of the Convention was Mr. Na-decided elsewhere.The Legislature will adjourn this week. The Governor vetoed the Militia bill, and the vote in theSeveral ropes were hove toward him, which be missed,and as the boat, which was full of gear, would requireside of Mr. Davis's semi-civilized sentiments, cladin the daintiest rhetoric, and Toombs's volcanicutterances, plethoric with pasition and replete withthought, and Curry's calm and gentlemanly state- with such a combustion, those States might be car- menxs of the most repulsive and fiendish doctrines,too much time in loweriog, the topsail was immediately dered th«* prisoner's wi<e and applied to hernaoaes wroich are apt tot-acitetheireofevendegradedfemales,whilethe>ewasnothingried; at all events, it is argued, they could not be the platitudes of Saulsbury dwarfed and dwindled considered as any more doubtful th:m Pennsylvania,thanielSilsbeeofSalem Itwasat8rstcurrently Senateuponpassingthebilloverhisheadwas:reported that this gentleman was tho veritable per- Yeas, 21 (all Republicans); Nays, 11 (6 Republi- hove aback, to give tbe vessel sternway, but fell short in the c*t'0 to»bow that «ne was otherwise tnan virtuous. Prob-cans and five Democrats). In the debate, the fol- of reaching him. A prisoner from the jail iu Trinidad ably for this conduct the prisoner had forbidden the d®eea»ed to vitit his place though be had very likely told others thst theante rather diminutive proportions. Still, the dia- bolism was there, only the garb it wore was rather aleezy and Jaded.New-Jrrsey, Indiana, & c , would be with Seward or any dhtiuctive Republican ticket.Mr.from this Commonwealth. The fact that this gen-tleman died some years ago seemed no contradictionto this suggestion, for it was recollected that thewas made:'• By tbe lawa of New-Hampshire, collected and finally pawedin 1815. no one v?ao permitted to be enrolled In the militi* of the State b-t free white ci«.izen»; or,d the same provision i» foundasfei8tance, which offer was accepted. With a huodred fathoms of deep eea-line attached to his person, he (suc- ceeded in reachirg the drowning man, and both wereThe appearances nnw are that this combination will be carried to.Baltimore, where there is a like- eareeT on the Slavery question, commencing with lihood of its being adopted. Should it be, what his celebrated (should 1 not rather say, immortal) eflect would or should it have on the Chicago Con-correspondence with the Virgiuia Governors, twenty vention 7years and more ago, and coming down, step by The result in Connecticut is viewed here differ-bones of ex-Governor Lincoln had been wired to- in a subsequent collection of tbe lews made in 1845. Nothtug hauled on board, after beiDg in the water upward ofMr. Saulsbury devoted a portion of his perform- ance to a running commentary upon Gov. Seward'sgether and brought down to preside over the last ccold more stroDglj maik the entire repudiation of the Afrioau race. The a)i«n iw excluded, becaune. being born in a foreign meeting of these political grumblers, soon after the country, be oannot be n member of the community until he ia John Brown invasion. It turned out, however, natmafWd. But why are tbe African race, born in the State, not permitted to nbare in one 01 the higbeHt duties ofthe citizen? that this Mr. Silsbee was a son ofthe old Senator. The answer is obvious; he is not, by me institutions aad laws ofhalf an hour.—Conjugal affection does not rate high in Columbus, dental. Tbe deceased had been down IOWJ to buy some cloth,».,«..••«•'•*?.«, S V - ^ W ^ . - W V . .-;<•'.^ ^. . .- v. . . .... ....**,*•***"1 ..institution of Slavery.HEW "HATIONAL UNION" PROGRAMME.CfenwpoBAeacc-ofTnefclT.Trffcuae. _ WASHINGTON, April 4,1860.trivances. ..; ;•,'',..-.• . ..' '.,;,-;> -^,! ; competency of Cooley. He is by"no means a -man;';':-''./V';".. of small ability in his way, and oftentimes argues aCase with great force, but he is not a quick man, anda third candidate, while the success of the Demo-disgrscfd Koow-Nothinge. The Convention was Timothy Winn of Woburn and George Cogswell ofleaps tbe most dangerous fence and the ugliest ditchtion. They know, also, that there would be but,.--.*. wir*4W*W7«ft;» • : > > . . . •' ;*• • ' ' "rwwwiimn nitoii>,|)»wat»*af ».« « A NEW-YORK ©^n^lRlBUNE, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1860«Ejay, I w w forcibly struck with the remark of The appearance of John BeD of Tennessee, in ninth of September, eighteen hundred and fifty, be, and confessed that he had written a 6ctitious name upon ?: 1BkkardCoMen,concerningtheRepublicanandthepoliticalcirclesofWashington,hasbeenM-tbesameareherebyrepealed.V\;'•'^r§^»vj^';^anoteforthepurposeofusingittocoveruphisde-Democratic parti**. The eminent Corn-Law re-, lewed by rumors, and roo/e or less evilence, of toe poakr «ai4: "Y ou EepaWican* lack pluck- You purpose OB the part of the National Union organiza-tion centering here, toform a combination on Judgefalcation, and deceive the bank and the Bank Com- LfgitlwiivepowerasdefinedandlimitedinsaidAct, ifcissioners;soCooleyjumpedtotheconclusionthatshall be vested in the Governor and thirteen ofthe he could convict him of forgery, and had his labor most lit acd discreet persons of tho territory to be for his pains. Shepard is now out of jail, having**vtter the noblest wntrmeut*, accompanied with" the most deprecatory apologies, while the Dem- President. Mr BeU, it is understood, gives the "ocxats proclaim atrocious doctrines with the scheme or programme his approval. It has the^Thexe i*'toe much truth in this criticism. W e members from the South; who should be credit*^ had an exhibition of one phase of it in the Senate, with a sincere hatred of the Bogus Democracy, andin, and with.ut reference to any districts whioh have bef n heretofore laid off.on which day, said appointments shall take effect.ganization now in operation in many places, and of the ba*tard newspaper Eogl'shin the expression/ a man's whole system is in condition, his hair is iu- ," tbe qoarteriy issves of the Edinbnr^h Review,"to-day. Mr. Saulsbury, one of the Senators fromDelaware, addressed that body upon the subject ofSlavery generally, the question on the tapis beingIfe. Jefll Davis's Caucus resolutions, with innu- at all, i n the disruption o f parties, t o merable amendments, from varied sources, Northern find a lodgment i n the bosom o f their and Southern.subject of the rights of man, and the powers and been prop* sed from that quarter. Senator Bell isduties of governments in relation thereto. It was the favorite with the Northern wing of the National commonplace in manner and diabolical in rgatter. men. They see, however, that nothing but failure Jejune and superficial as a 8j>ecimen of rhetoric and would attend the enterprise of making him simply. SEC 3. And be it farther enacted, that the first ap-poi&tt&ents under this Act shall be omde on or beforetbe fourth of March, eighteen huodred and sixty-one, dentialelection, however, will push it one side forva^iably Boft and fcleek as his ekin; soft and sleek asfur of otter or sable! Mrs. Adah Isaacs Menken H. totally j)l*giiima»e use.New-York, ApriJ 4, 1860.SO do.BO do., * * • do., SO do., do., V» do..l,rO0 Missor.-i 11.006 Teon<-*« 20,00* ViTcinnl,t>0ErieIi R 2,000Hodh.. 1,0(0 Hud.B. a 3,000 Mich. Ceet. 1st >it Conv. IMcLean for President, and John Bell for Vice-procured bail. To return: all these events areance. All the Russian Nobleman is gone, and in its place appears a tone of what I can only describe as grey-hound-bull-dog-ii»m. His cranium's summit istbis trnkie. t dirine " as fresh from the press" when I»v>ng was growing up, considering that Doddridge died in 1751, thi«ty-two years bf fore Irving was born,an abiding wish at all times "to beafe it. While they are not Repubbcans, and never will be, they are thoroughly anti-Loco-Foco, and do not feci inclinedtion with delegates. The excitement of the Presi-ancient enemy. Herein they differ widely from their Northern brethren, who are ready to unite, on the shortest notice, with the Democrats on Douglas, Hunter, Breckenridge, or almost anybody elae. Probably there is more significance (at leastFROMBOSTON.weeks at the French Opera at New-Orleans. For thisvSUa Mi. Saulsbury seems to be about an averagespecimen of that sort of lawyer who might try ahorse ease at nisi pruts with tolerable tact, or arguea plain proposition *t banco with moderate ability.l*ere was nothiog in the style of his essay (he readfittn a mass of foolscap) to mitigate or commend so intended) in this proposed combination on Mo- theundisguisedbarbarismofitsdoctrinesupontheLeanandBell,thaninanymovementthathasyetquiteaUrgegathering.TheCommitteeonCreden-Banks.IntheVthDistrict,SamuelHooperandperiod she has $3,500 salary, half a full benefit withoutOn Friday last Jobn Crimmins was executed, at the! 1" rigorous regard to the rights of every part of it."listlessly a few chairs away. Being a candidate for I locality o f Democratic strength, the pres Instead, however, of joining the Repuolican party, by the chivalry, was advertised to deliver a lecture onsword, and tbe deceased ran up tbe street. The prisoner -to lowed auc gained upon him, when tbe deceased ran round a cut, still clotely pursued by tbe prisr>n-r. Finding himself pressed, hoCharleston, he felt bound to pay a seeming attention j CDCC in November of the absentees now will swell he urges his friends to do as they did in 1856; and abolition at a certain court-house (whose name we to even so excruciating a" bore as Saulsbury. J the Democratic vote; in other words, that those if the result is not the same as in that year, it will have forgotten). When the day came a mob assembled,«*;#••"WM&BRANCHES SUBSTITUTE.—Be it enacted that the is, troubled with an unfortunate propensity to trythirdandfourtheectionsoftheAct,entitledAnActto peopleforoffensesthat they have not committed,establish a Territorial Government for Utah, approved instead of those tbey have committed. Mr. ShepardWife " was published in England in 1809. when i Iapr*4 clusion that the bereaved parent must have procured ing and bis co'.emporaries were nearl.v tnirty years ofb'nvnandcottonenbughtoburyor marry a regiment age. Her othercelebrated moral andreligiouswrh>. of daughters. Tlte Pilot unkindly calls this a " Yan- ings appeared at subsequent intervals of esveral years; kee" trick, w and could consequently have had little effect ia form-ing the tas^o of the ri&ing generation in IrVmgfS * —Adescriptionofthepreeentpersonalappearancetime;foritcannotbesupposedthatthespeakerhad of Mr. John C. Heenan, by a writer in Porter's Spirit any reference to her juvenile effdsions, tbe "Searchof tlte Times, says that he has lost 20 pounds since he afiCT aappiness" and "Sacred Dramas," when he men. tioned her name in connection withtthatof Dr. Dodd-began training. " He is strangely altered in appear- ridge. Nor is it correct to allude to the writings oiSEC. 5. And be it /urther eBacted, that hereafter thecalled the Legislative Council, who shall be appointedbiennially by tho President of the United States, byand with the ad-vice and consent, of the Senate, from State Administration, and are not without eflect. ITxom Our Own Correspondent.islature.This fact must be a savory and refresh-the delivery of a speech) was no worse in tone, norhalf as forcible in style, as a score of other Senate among the Nationals who do not see why snch a ing one to the fastidious Mr. George S. Hillard, tion, unless his preponderance should be very from the jibboom, whi'e in tbe act of taking in sail.his child, or that be expected she was to be put beforeDouglas kept bobbing in and out of the cloak room, I who did not vote on the 2d, but will vote in No- ,be because the people know enough not to follow his and gave Mr. Fee his choic*;—to leave the plice, with- the public as a show. Be furthermore says that the turned and threw a stone or brick he bad in his hand, but i'tiiedas if nervously anxious lest Saulsbury take him in vember, are mostly Democrats; and thus the com- /advice. to hit the pri-oner, who kept op tbe pursuit Aljuo.t iaunsdi- outleetming,ortobeimmediatelytarredandfeathered; woman who now has charge ofthe child isa bad atelytbedeceasedfell,andthepristuerranthesword(burtimesh*nd after he had done with Seward. Fessenden forting conclusion is arrived at that Connecticut The object of the desired " Union," according to and he left. When Mr. Clay heard of tnis, he went character, and is likely to exert upon the child an evil into bis body. "While he was doing tbis tho deceased turnud, soand Wade sat at a distance, eyeing the speaker will be Democratic in November. The National tbe resolutions of tne Convention, is "to put anthat be received three wounds in the back and one in the stom- down to the court-bouee, and gave notice that, on a influence. ach. One ofthe ori.oner's party testified that wn«n tbe prison- —Information is wanted of the whereabouts of Gil- er .was doing tbe ^tabbing, be, witness, said, ''Crimmins,is for Banks and the second for Seward. John D. Baldwin, of The Worcester Spy, and Amasa Walker of North Prookfield, will represent the IXth Dis-Times, The Evening Post, to say nothing of a tribe of email-fry journals without weight or charaeter. Awith portentous scowls. They were the only Re- Union men, who, it seems, must play a part in suchptzbb'ean#whowerepayinganyheedtowhatDemattersnow,havetheirtheory:TheysaythattheAverygoodobject;theonlyquestionsare,whatiscertainday,twoweeksfromthe.dateofnotice,the don'tdothat,"whentheprisonerturnedtothoda- $69,66770;forW8« uttering.What an indubitable proof of the degeneracy ofthe times, that a man of such meager parts, of such low matincts, of such base principles, should repre- sent a State i& the Senate which could once boast a James A. Bayard, a Louis McLane, and a John M. Clayton! The interests and the honor of Dela- ware all clamor for her deliverance from the system of Slavery, and such politicians as Saulsbury. And yet, she permits herself to be crushed at homeby the one, and disgraced abroad by the otaer. •»tbe former a printer and the latter a phonographic re- not one cf the prisoner's party interfered in the slightest degrfe, from beginning t o end. The prisoner «ras un-Balance, $7,90< The March n Bailroad Conip Marcb, 1 *XMarch, I-J9Inert;«« The eanun-.jsMarch were:First wee* Second v.< Third we-; Fourth we«Total. Decre«..eThe receipts oibai and St. Jos1853 InoreasThe folio win Buffalo, jN'ew- Corning), for with the Bame iPast«»n?ers. Freight Other sourc.ToUl.precedents may be cited to prove that Congress, au •repeated instances, from 1789 down to 1850, had, hy express enactments, prohibited the existence of Slavery in the Territories, and thai if precedentsand,Wlxnreo*, No principle of seF-govenmieut or citizen they havo been deprived of office and leadership. govt reignfy can require or justify the practice of suchmoral puliation; therefore, When they speak of the better days ofthe Com- Resolved, etc., That if any person or persons being monwealth, they mean the days when the peoplegiving vent to • their grief in verse when they are be-pended the following lines to tbe announcement of a Pre»ident; ofthe latter, A. G. Stone."end to useless and worse than useless agitation."ULionmeninConnecticutdidDotallvote; lhat, being useless agitation, and how is agitation, useless or Rev. John G. Fee would lecture there on the abolition bert R. Lyman and his son William of Poughkeepsie— ceased again and fave the last stub. JBrcept that appMl,mostly Old-Line Whigs, it was a hard thing for useful, it(>ing to be stopped ? In 1856, all the voters of Slavery, and that he (Cassius M. Clay) wouldthem to turn around and support Seymour for Gov. except 885,000 voted for President with express be there' t o see that the lecturer was not porter. The sen WSB laBt heard from at Yicksburg, doubtedly in a violent rape, but it was a rage which w«s excitod by tbe p>J»t, and net by what occurred at the time. My opinionThe businee.ernor, whom they have opposed for all sorts of refeience to this "agitation." In 1860, a still interrupted. The time came. The men were in the Mif 8, Tbe father, it is feared, is insane.i* thst the prisoner acted under the spur of past reproaches from bis wife for not re»entkg tbe imputa*i<>ns of the deceased npon ber virtue I cao imagine no ground for clemency, except thisoffices for the last quarter of a century; that theplea for their votes in behalf of the Democrats iularger proportion of tbe voters will do the same thing.Nobodysupposestheyaregoingtobede-r».strum which had been prepared at Mr. Clay's direc- tion. A largd assemblage stood b«low. Clay stepped—-The Rev. Dr. Richards of Litchfield, Conn., (aaysThe Hartford Courant) is about commenciog a libel can be considered one—a point upon wfcichl do not desi e to ex-this local election did not take deep root; that the terred by Mr. Silsbee's or Mr. Hillard's opinion, out in hont, and said: " Mr. Fee is going to lecture on suit againet tbe publishers of Tlie New-Y*rk Irtdepen- press an opinion* 7 bo pr soner's wife was undoubtedly bis supe-movement was quite too sudden to succeed to anygreat extent, and that, therefore, there being noticket in the field they could consistently support,that the agitation is useless. They happen to hold a difftrent opinion of thair own, and will act in conformity to it. ^ If this new party should succeedrior ; she appeai s to be a worn vn of great boldness and determina-Abolition. I don't altogether agr«e with him; but I dent. He says that Binder has gone fax enough, and tion, while bo appears to be rather timid and weak-minded She was in Court wpeu be was sentenced, and though he was movedthe Uniou men to a large extent did not vote at all, in getting a majority, it would make no progress to-for voted most likely or Buckingham. The con- ward a suppression of agitation, for the same irre-like fair play; and I want him and every other man tohave his say. If any man offers to touch him, he'llthat it is now time for truth to begin.—The Hon. Charles Francis Adams and the Hon.to tears, she bore tbe scene with calmness, excIalinlxMtai tbe end: ' fbeej np, Crimnrns, cheerop! trere is plenty of 1AWbut nojus- tice." The proof of tbe facts was conclusive, ajod the murder wasMLLSON, PKYOR AND POLYGAMY IS THE HOUSE— clusion the Union men draw is, that in November pressible conflict would continue in its own ranks.recon mended t/.e prisoner to mercy. Xbelieve eleven of them,ETBERIDGE AMONG THE PATRIARCHS.Indeed, small as their party now is, it is not agreed upoL the true policy to be pursued. Its organ, The Boston Courier, tells The Post that i t will be thetional to the above-named sum. wss being ex«n io*d, resisted and did not. yield until about 4 in- tbe morning, when the Jury had been out over twelve honra. £>—Gen. Jefferfion Davis is again suffering from in- have no lnloimauon whether the recommendation was a conces- sion to htm, or was prompted by a reuse rf its propriety. I havotheir strength in Connecticut, as in the North gen-were in favor of a verdict of guilty, out the other, who bad mani-eral'y, if there is not a union ofthe Opposition, will W A S H I N G T O N , April 2, 1860. be exerted against the .Republican candidate, evenknew that Clay was not to be intimidated, and that he was an ugly customer to handle. And they know that now.MVBson, Pryor and Polygamy had possession of to the extent of voting plump with the Democrats, mont efficient and useful ally of the Democratic' tie House to-day. The peoding question was the in which case, they conclude, the Republicans will party, as it was in 1856, but this idea is repudiatedflammation of the eyes. The surgical operation per- formed on one, last Saturday, it is apprehended, will result in the loss of botb.given to y-'ur hxceliencv a comprebonsive though o nciso state- ment of the facts, and 1 believe, in tbe most favorable aspect for the prisoner in wbich they can be presented. In view of the> rage <o wuich the prisoner wus spurred by p-nt provocations, and nncer tbe influence of which 1 have no doubt he ac>d, I wouldpassage of tbe bill abolishing Brigbam Youmj's pe- not carry Connecticut in November.eabar domestic institution in the Territory of Utah. Whatever force there is in these speculations andwith apparen 5 disgust by Mr. Hillard. Tfte Post —It, is stated that two Manchester gentlemen have is naturally disquieted. It would be well enoughoffered a prize of £100 and one of £50, for the best'be united against them in November than that whichtrict, in a dashing declamation, replete with glitter- they met, and so gallantly overcame, on the 2d inst. boldly and openly with the Democrats, saving theISties, and pert Mr. Pryor of the Petersburg dis-ing inanities, undertook to show that Congress Nevertheless, the-Republicans of the country will expeuee and trouble of two organizations havingPacific coast, vice J. Roes Browne resigned.—It is aeeerted, " on high Democratic authority," but that thst wus an-attribute of tbe sovereignty of the State,run not the risks in the coming struggle which willother patriarchal institution, to wit, its twin ering the stake, should there be any risk run at all 7 agers of this party'the avowed purposes of its or-a Federal Territory, though it could not intervene place the chances on the Democratic side. Consid-were wise enough to vote for them. When they they are equally potent to maintain the comer-stone United States, or other p!ace; over*which tie Uaited speak ofthe purer legislation of former times, theyS ates poesesa exclusive jurisdiction, Rhall iuttrrnttrry doctrine ot the Republican party. with any person or persona, or cohabit with any per-voung lady's death in a neighboring city ?" A few weeks ago sbe waa to he a bride.Bnt now the grave hor lovely rorm doth hide." —The question who was the first white child born in Cincinnati eeems likely to harass that city. The other day we published a line to the effect that one—A curious episode of the Connecthut election was witnessed in Hartford. A woman sought the Republi- can Committees and earnestly urged that her husband and two or three men of his acquaintance might be brought to the polls and guarded while they voted. They wished to vote with us, but their Irish friends ofestablished the prop*sition for which he contended,married, and an inhabitant of any Territory of thethe floor, and speedily set the guns to kicking backhusband or wife being alive, he, she or they, so offend- ing, Bhall, on conviction thereof, paj a fine not exceed- ing five hundred del'ars, and be impnsone i not lessapon Mi>lson, while he brought tbe sticks down ina shower upon the head of Pryor, Etheridge is onewoman who had given herself out aa the original in- fant; but now the Sergeant-at- Arms of the City Couo-Their names were taken, and upon being promised thatofthe most provoking speakers in the House. Good- than two years nor more than five years: provided,these men should be looked after as she desired, the cilputsin an earlier record of his own birtl£ So, till enthusiastic politiciane*s withdrew apparently satisfied.eot or pereons, or live with any person or persons asg ra y wtose bupband or wife shall absent himself or herself been out-maneuvered by greater rascals than them- between the uncleared past and the civilized present. w, ! f ? ' • * ' " ^ wrcastic, witty, he istown, Conn., gives two reasons why tho Democratic vote in that town has increased. In the first place, a number of foreigners have been naturalized. In tbeIcapable of flaying aa opponent with as gentle a hand one from tbe other, f<>r tbe space of five yea<-», the one selves They go in for revenge, for local successes, aa any man on cither side of the chamber. In pun- of tb*m not knowing the other to be living with n that aud for any cold victuals they can pickup. Un-—A Southern paper, in regretfully stating that the wife of an eminent citizen had met a fatal accident,time, nor to any person or persons who shall be, at thevigor of argument, he does not reach—probably he ' time of Mich marriage, divorced by competent author- the State Government, as I have had occasion here-f^^J^ST\mA^*^ of^ment.and. aoea not aspire to—the loftier plane where «tLd«Jype. Bat, for an off hand, extemporaneous, or, as Hr*. Sarah Gamp would say, miscellaneous talk—a •art of going in upon the " Common Courts," to usefortunately,thereisconsiderablediscontentwithsaysshe"inadvertentlyfellfromawindow."Inas-second,overfiftyRepublican,students,connectedwithity, or to any person or persons whose former mar- riage, by sentence ot competent authority, shall ha«re been declartd void.SEC 2. Be it further enacted that the following ordi-nanceoftbeProvisionalGovernmentoftheSwteof <vDeseret»ocalled,namely, Aoordinanceincorporatingmuch as people usually take especial pains to fall out of windows, tbe phrase is a happy one.—Oh Sunday a small army of pickpockets entered haa already been appointed to contest the matter.satisfied if it believed that 885,000 voters could be—Secretary Cobb has appointed Murray Whalon of like to recommend a commutation, but, in view of the increasing; to do so. I will a<4d. because it mo.; have aided in procuring the2£etapby»ic*l Mr. MUl«on of the Norfolk district, conclusions, Republicans will readily discern. It ism aa elaborate argument, full of impalpable sub- hardly possible that a more vigorous opposition can drawn off, as in 1856, but it has no hopes of this, Eeeay on Revivals. The names joined, as judges are Pennsylvania, eecret agent of the Government on the tendency to take burnt-11 life from slight causes, 1 am not willinga&d it desires that the smaller number should unitesaid to be the Rev. Prebendary of St. Paul's Cathedral, and tho Rev. Charles Stovel.—The Hon. George N. Briggs of Massachusetts has been cordially and unanimously elected Chancellor of MadiBon University, If he accepts tho appointment,todopreciselythesamethinginregardtoan- Butitisuselesstotrytodiscusswiththeman-Dr.EatonwillretirefromthePresidency,thathemay pre'eitobavethembothrespitedtoanearlydayinMay,at TheJanuajydevote his whole time to the more congenial duties of ganization. For these are not their real purposes. his Theological Professorship.POLITICAL.wbiob time tbe fate of these two aol Felix Sanchez will all bave been determiuel, and such of them as are to be executed can be at the same time. There is a certain degree of unhealthy excitement attendant npon the performance of this unpleasant duty, tbe too frequent repetition of wbich it is desirable, in myjudgment, to a«otd. Yours respectfully and truly, NELSON J. WATEKBUAY, Diitriot-Attorney. Jrelic o f barbarism, chattel Slavery. I n aword, MiDson and Pryor tried t o provethat while Congress might, under the Con-atztution, inhibit Brigham Young, the Mormon, pression of polygamy, now under consideration in the head, it is rather a local than a national organiza- Baptist theological students at Howard College, in as follows: James W. Taylor, President; Wm. N.from having more thou one white wife, it could not Honee at Washington: tion. It consists, as I said, of Whigs who have Alabama, at an annual cost of $13,000, has recently Reid, Vice-Premdent; John Corwin, Recording Sacre eonatitutioDalty deny to Brigham Young, the slave- A BILL to pnniah and p*©v«nt th« prnctic* of polygram? in tho bern thrown out dfpower and position by their own endowed a theological chair in that college by a con- tary; Thomas M. Peck, Corresponding Secretary;Marietta and Ci From PaisesFrcm Fre^h From Msi... From JLipreiTotal for ToUl lorIticreiJOOperating road, _ count. &.C.. J;«count, 5tC, JIncrease. The report f< an excess of £3, February report1st to the 25th. f ^26,795; disbuxj the entire monti The folio-.viu; second mortgaj Milwaukee KuL the second, mortOn the fiii?t with S. Chamh ceipta anddirbc oeediugs for xh were placed i i large earns )onj money ot the i;i maculue shops,1 nponwhichHO"and Others Hire: tha Oi*nal at i'ox upon the road: November, idi first and second operatingoxtin mattersshoaid sinking fund.POLYGAMY,The following is the bill for the punishment and sup-Though it has a nominal connection with the Na tional organization of which Mr. Crittenden is'the—The Republicans of Newburgh have organised a —Mr. J. H. Brown, who supports fifty-two young political club for the coming campaign. Its oflicars areinability to discern the signs of the times, and ofKnow-Nothings of the baser sort who have beendisappointed in their political aspirations for simi-precedents to show that Congress had again and by the n>Tniic"ipal regulations of one of t»>e Territories lar reasons. The Whigs are egotists, who imagine residence near Bristol, England, on the 15th ult., at were elected delegates to Syracuse, on Saturday last,His Excellency,TrTr«torfe« of th«- United Stntr* nod other plnot«, and diaap- holder, the luxury of a dozen negro concubines. proving »nd »nnnlling certain acta of thie LepiuiA1 ive A«*eoi-tribution of $05,000.—The widow ofthe late Rev. Robert Hall died at herFrancis Scott, Treasurer.—Messrs. Loit, Cornelius, and Robert S. Willets,In support of his position, Miilson quoted numerous bN of tie Territory of Utah, ind which seta forth:Wh;practices in the National Territories, seeming ut- ground that this aVjiair>a«ion in a Car.atian eoaotcy is Commonwealth, and who attribute all the evils ofterly to have forgotten that an equal number of a relig ous rite of the inhabitants ©f &aid Territory: recent legislation, which they are disposed greatlyVhe* eat, It is admitted thai polygaoay is permittedagainintervenedtopreventandabolishallsortsofofthisUnio»andissonghttobejustifiedonthethemselvestheonlypersonsfittoholdofficeinthetheadvancedageof74. fromthe1stAssemblyDistrict,QueensCounty,LongJfhnCrimmins.1noticedauapparentthoughnotrealinconsis- Operating'road.mean the legislation they had a hand in shaping. This is ail. The Know-Notbings who are with them, on the other hand, are a set of dirty scrubs,^Miilson having discharged his guns, and Pryolet off his ruckete, Mr. Etheridge of Tennessee took tartners, acknowledging cocjagal relations, the former who started in their political career with the fun- Wm. Taylor claimed that honor, in defiance of a the Seymour persuasion had swore they should not.damental idea that all success in polities is won by chicanery and cheating, and that not to be a knave is not to be a politician. Instead of attributingnevertheless, that this section, or anything therein their failure to the honesty and discernment of theT^ared,self-possessed,alwaysonthealert,never containedanalinotextendtoanypersonorpersons people,theyarcinclined,tothiukthattheyhave furthernotice,WilliamMoodieistheconnectinglink —AetudentoftheWesleyanUniversity,atMiddle*tofore to remark, and this is taken advantage of bythese people. Burnham's transactions, the pay-ment to Banscom, the claim of Weston, even thedefalcationofIsaacF.Shepard,.andtheattempttobribeGeorgeA.Shaw,areseizeduponasevi-tbe University, who have heretofore voted> have beendisfranchised by the Democratic Board. A Committee my hei-it tioa is mainly due to a deep teuse ef the re Jtlassaessia law phra*5—or, to use a low phrase, a thorough " the Church of JeteaB Chris*, of Latter-D*y Sa nts,r' dences of Republican incompetency or knavery. I but one of them escaped, and it is supposed he carried about 5,000, for and against. But little interest ap-. „ . . „ _ _ „ _ .spent es'Vavorable to tho prisoner aa"taeTacU will p*rmlt; and I-aquelchmg of an opponent, he has co superior in the pasted Feb. 8, 1841, and adopted, reenacted and made believe nobody here ha9 followed the ex- off most of the booty. House.Inaspeechofaboutanhourto-day,hevalid,bytheGovernorandLegislativeAssemblyofampleofTheN".Y.Herald,andtriedtoany,re*-held up to the general gaze, and pointed out with the Territory of Utah, by an act passed Jan. 10,1855,s'andiug of the position I desire to occupy, that« your Excel- leney, as thedlspen'or of mercy, shallses»h» the ease initiating oircuu.stance! which, in your judgment, require the exercUe o£ clemency, 1 shall always be free to express the opinion that sooh action could l<» taken witbobt any reasonable exception thereto,yours, ie»n^ctfnlly and trolT; _,,__, _,' ,NELSON X WATERBURY, Dlatrict-Attorney." - , ' • • • - • *Receipts—Decoml Jray rolla, &cDISBUJUSKHK.NT For pav roll o: op Incumbrances on 1 Rollins, stock.'....' Swing orid^e over JUght of way, to pTotal,...the mostprovoking particularity, the inconsistei«cies, and absurdities, and incongruities of the portions assumed by these Virginia abstractionists, in affirm-one breath, and denying it in the next; in insisting »>5 u *?$"•,* «*«»nbly of the Territory of Utah, thatitwasampletorestrainahd\abolishonespe- 11MR. BRYANTSDISCOURSE.'jsg the power of Congress over the 1 erritories, in other acts and parte of acts heretofore passed by the A{irominent dough-faces after The Herald's own strawberries! from metal cajis, wherein they generally leart.ItisratherhardtoseewhatShepard'scomeinclosed.Thepoisonhadformedfromtheacid-—A soldier recently died in. Washington Territory 5011 the fall o f the Pemberton Mill; but this under peculiar circumstances. A post-mortem exam-forbearance is probably due to the knowledge ofthe ination disclosed the fact that death was caused byentitled: "An act in relation to the compilation aad make capital against the Republicans out of u If"*** °* tbe Jaws and resolutions in force in Ut*hTwTfcory, their publication and distribution," and alt fact that the pnncipal owners of that concern were poison, in the form of oxafic.acii, taken while eating To the Editor of The iV. Y. Tribune.rSSl^Sf* TM* WJMWt, maintain, Bbield or counte- embezzlement, or his acquittal, has to do with poli-THEITARI'ER'SFJSRRYCOMMITTEE.—7%«Heraldproperly characterise as " b moat admirable specimen 'eiesofdomesticinstitution,whileimpotentinxe-SS2/«2^n,yf,Htod"*•Bam«herebyaredisip-tics.ButhewasaRepublican,somethingofaityofthefruitcomingincontactwiththemetal. "ofeloquensandjusteulogium,"Idiscoverafew©orroBpondentB&JBthatanoldman,nameJWalker,|f.'-.V pud to another of a kindred character. £ H»tf»2 ft^nu,W: **"****, That this act shall be politician, and held a military co omission under — A man in Canada has been cheating the benevo- trivial blemishes, which, like the "dead flies in the from Vormont, Jbaa gone to Waahingtoa and ©*lk4 Thisquestionofyoljgamygreatlydisturbsthe^rth«,iS?.fCOMtraeda?notto•*»*<*interfereGov.Banks,andthiswasenoughtoidentifyhimlentwitha"confidence"game.Heworksthns:apothecary'sointment,"arenoticeableonlybecauseupontheChairmanoftheHarper'sPerryCommittee, Democracy of all wings. They are at their wit's ©rdinance heretofore menuoned, nor with the rhrhtto with the party. The failure of District-Attorney Knocking at the door of a house, he asks, in sad tones, they appear in so exquisite a production. For in- saying that he is In poeeeesion of important facta con-4Bd*toknowhowtheycan,withanyshowofcon-hntonlytoannulallactsandlawswhichestablish,Cooleytoframeindictmentsstrongenoughtocatchtoseeitsmistress.Whensheappears,hestates-thatstance,inspeakingoftheliteraturewhichwasfamiliarnectedwiththeaffair,whichhewithestounfold.Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691nsMWffjgystisisir*********-'**, m*ts^«t>iv.'*^fjsjsit^e^syy5^?hTT^^^»w y*tffr^rt':s*w^tfitt&Ktgiir/ :?^&/>y^i*^fjt*,3x^*r^wro?^r*<& :•*•>*.*t•v r.p*!V*#>•-•*?writriwrf** <>.<??^^yi?)q«^?.«A.^ff*-*-.**'*- *",'»«<Wrt'^V»*v*t^''.»*N1*STV"t•»>**•''" BsssKsassH •msjsjj ssjsssjw—Something ought to be done to prevent people fromIsland. '—Republican Clubs have been formed in Batavia to exaggerate, lo a series of accidents by which reaved. What fate too hard for the man who'ap- and ltbaca Of the former, Rufus Robertson is theW$$0^$ %Worganized and the speeches were. made by the firet- Bradfoid, who represent the Vllth District, are without flinching. Not long since, she alone was in at act and equal juetice. We print herewith tbe most fa-features were the inherent iniquity of its principles,bloody deck, wielding a dripping cutlass over the Dutricts have not "yet chosen. The Republican military officers, who had kept up with her haviog as forwarded by the DistrictAttorney to the Governor:which would better befit an Algertne corsair on his small chance for his indorsement or selection at' named class, while it was evident that the other supposed to be for Banks. The Hd, Xth, and Xlth the death of the fox, the only two gentlemen, both vorable statement of the case warranted by tbe facts,heads of cringing captives, than an American Sena- Chicago, while Judge McLean, who, they argue, fet bad m*-re to do with getting up the meeting, State Convention contained a very large majority fallen in'a leap over a frightful fence wish a ditch on tor on the floor of Congress addressing the repre- ought to prove, satisfactory at Chicago, though arid will have the largest share in controlling the of Seward men, and I have no doubt that the Re- each side of it, the one dislocating his collar-bone, and sentatives of free States. not their choice, would yet receipe their cordial paity. They are repiesented very largely upon the publican voters prefer the New-York Senator; but,support, with Bell for Vice-President. They point by superior management, his opponents have ob- the other fracturing his thigh. 1wouldnotdoMr.SaulsbuTyinjustice.Thetothisproposedarrangementasevidenceofasin-StateCommittee,theChairmanandseveralofthetainedmorethanhalfthedelegation.Gov.—ThebrigJ.D.Lincoln,fromMatanzas,atPhila-»/h/8coiivicUrdofirurder,Feb.1,I860,and«entence<tobeex•. importantcbaron who WUR for so many years a colleague of Mr.-Webster, as a member of the United States Senate lowing curious citation from the Drod Scott decision was on board, and offered to jump overboard to renderdeceased *nm indebted to bim. On the evening of the murder; the dciea^d and two others met accidentally in PeU street near Mott, and stopped to Ulk; ihen another, then another, and final- ly a sixth cone along, and all enpazed <n f.-iendly conversation. Tbey w«-xe ail a/wuainted; each did or had resided in the neigh- bo hood, were alt mechanics. m"8tly about 25 years of age, aay frim is to 60; had probably all b»-.«:n to worn that dty, and cer- taiiJy Ht-meof them wcre on their way from tbebr srorksbopsj to their home*, beyond doubt tbelr meeting w*s purely acci-•And Mr. Leverett Saltonstall,who made the silliest the State, numbered among its people. Be form* no part of the regard and the society of his young wife—the former sovereignty of tne State, and is not therefore called on to upholdand criticised, as severely as he knew how, extracts course the Republicans appreciate highly their suc- gentleman of tie same name, who used to be a dis- The New-Hampshire jaw, as cited by Judge stowed on her friends, to the exclusion ofthe husband. **m* block. All agreed, and they went. As they reached tbefr*m those letters to the Virginia Execu ives, which cess, wh»le the Democrats are quite as sensible that tinguished and honored member ofthe old Federal Taney, is like our own. It is based upon the Naturally indignant, he sought revenge in the law, and plcre the de^OM1.) *afd to tbe one walking with him, that tbey /will live long after all the Saulsburys are forgotten, they have been whipped. Independent of this first and Whig parties, and who helped John Quincy nil'i btfro in an<J.order tbe drinks and he would be rinbt in ana /United States law of 1792, and gives no evidence brought an action against the lover and his friend, pay <or tb<*m; but be followed .in so close, nevertheless, that and his Cleveland speech, and from his "irre- feeling of elation and depression, the figures b y Adams uphold the honor of the State, and the wha:ever ofthe estimation in which the blacks are through whose conspiration such an unhappy result a o i l of tbe party die noc notice tbe delay ia his entrance. A .pressible' production at Rochester, and so on which the result is mirrored have'their philosophi- ri^ht of free discussion, twenty years ago in Con- to the end. While commenting upon t h e cal lesson, which no man who means to be safe in gress. vgirl, ray 16 jear* of ag;et was behind the bar, who told them that held. It seems rather hard that Gov. Banks and was brought to pass. Two triala were had; in.tbe tbe prnon«-r and bis wile were out. They said,'• never mind,"•Chief-Justice Shaw should tell us that it is impossi- first, the intelligent twelve returned a verdict for the and all ordered beer, which she served; tbey drank, and the de- ceased p»id for it. 1 ben one of toe p*rty Invited them toCleveland speech, and after asserting that it was his conclusions and action will not entirely disre- The resolutions declare that "the time has come"the germ of the foray at Harper's Ferry, he coupled gard. Under the circumstances, the vote cast can- for conservative and patriotic men to unite. The ble that we • should carry out our Anti-Slavery sum of $1,000. A new trial was ordered, new evidence another diink, when beer was again ordered. At this instant thetheories by emancipating the negroes from the .prisoner •'uteT'-d, went directly into the room in the rear of the Brown and Seward together, and in tones of not be consider* d as extraordinarily large. The same men have declared the same thing three or degradation now imposed on them by our laws, be- put in, and the second verdict was only for $600. Wbat si or-, and came Immediately cut, telling the girl to go inhissing-hot sarcasm, proclaimed that, as in their Republican gains are principally among the rural fi.ur' times a year every year since 1855. The people the mitigating circumstances were, whether the love of bud tend to the baby, which she hao probably put down in there lives they were united in doctrines and purposes, population ; those o f the Democrats princi- agree that " the time has come," and they have cause we must nor violate the militia laws of the tow-it upon the customers. He then ordered the deceased tosolatheirdeathstheyoughtnottohavebeendi-pallyinthecitiesandvillages. Nooneproceededasweilastheycantounite.Butthe vided.IfthisbroadstatementthatSewardoughtwillpretendtodenythattheabsenteeswillplayanclosertheirunionbecomes,intheRepublicanorgan-withChief-JusticeTaney,andtobetoldbyhimwasshownthatthehusbandhadnotappearedtovalaeabueeolbiswife.Ishouldhuvesa-dthat,doubtless,tbereason—TheStateorganizationforNebraskahasbeen ofpockets."Fourofthemworetakenintocustody, voted^downby300majority,thewholevotebeingnot been, and am not, willing to recommend a oomnsntttflenf " with which human lite has been taken in ihia city. *J*£*f Sg?4ireportance of deorea*ing tbe fr*o,u«»n«y of crime* wvelnns; tbatguilt,byangorousexecutionofthelaw. That.muyresttooSt.Joseph'sCathedral,inBuffalo,andpickedavariety?rmm••'«.«•....'«•' «**I*-J>L"shroud, nor m«ney to pmchase one. The sympathy of Bryant remarks that " «h* religious world w«r#mSE*JCW00dc..'•-«•-.««* '.»his child has just expired, and that he has neither to the generation wivh whom Irving grew up, M& ;thatusewasmadeofittofillupthelateConven- makingthewordmean"thatwhichisissued," do.-wouldn't know him, if by chance she encountered him Severalnewdelegateshavebeenchosentothe duringamorningwalkupontheplainsofSalisbury."the present, if it exists.Chicago Convention. The II Id District has elected —Madame Colson has been engaged to sing for five THE CASE OF JOHN CRIMMINS, • A_ - , — ,William Claflin of Newton, Chairman of the Repub-lican State Committee, and* Edward L. Pierce ofMilton; Pierce is for Gov. Chase, and both, I deduction for expenees, and $250 fortravelingexpenses. City Prison, for the murder of Dennis McHenry. La !BOSTON,April2,1860. think,areagainstSeward.TheIVthDistricthas —TheViscountClerc,Aide-decampofPrinceNapo-epiieofverygreatpressureinbehalfofthecondemnedThe " Constiiuiional Union" Convention, which chosen Joeiah Durham and Charles O. Rogers, the met in this city on Thursday, is said to have been proprietor of The Boston Journal. They are forleon, died suddenly the other day.man of such enormous strength that he could lift aman, Gov. Morgan refused to commute his sentence or jto respite him. For this he has been most violently as-tials reported t»>at 212 cities and towns were repre- George W . McLellan are the delegates. The first horse with twb men on the back of the animaLsmtedby*uebrespectablejournalsasTlieN.Y.\ 1,000Oal<*r,s.H.ZH Erie Raiiros 100 d » . . 125 People's BarIt Corn Exr.b« 40 Merck. V.xc50Ps5cific«.> lOt do.... SO d o . . . . 5t do.... 90 do....There W;UJHe was formerly a—One of the best and most daring riders of Galwayis Mies Caroline Peresje, a relative of our fellow-citizen dispassionate perusal of the facts, not the perversiona !Ohio. One Bowers was to unfortunate as to lose thetnd h'd tbe bundle under his arm. AS tney were talkirg the decea*ec «vas beard to jingte some *o!n in hb»' pocket, »nd it was proposed tl a* he should treat- Tnis was aa* hen'rd to; »cd vhn th-s q'»e«tiou w««, where should they gov Two .placet close by were suggested, bat tbe decayed said: 'letusgotjJack's,"meaniLgtheprisonerwhokeptontho.UnitedStates,andtheverynextdaytobeconfronted thewifewesprovedtobeworthlittle,orwhetherit 1-avetbestoreonbotbgroundsstatedbefore;indebtednessandit at a high rate while he had it, cannot be staged.intended as a witticism, it would have been a fiil- cast its vote for President in November. It there- the more do these sticklers for union grumble and that our refusal to change our law is evidence that The melancholy yet stem fact stands: an Ohio Jury- The i)rtscn»r again went into the back room, and returned withthat it is-a matter purely of State sovereignty, andare and out of place on the stump, in the midst of fore becomes important to know who the absentees pretest, and throw obstacles in the way. They we do not regard the negro as a part of the sov- have settled that $600 represents the market value of a a muafeet, with b-.3 onot fixod This he pointed to tbe deceased,to have perished on the scaffold with Frown, was important part in deciding for whom the S<"-ato shall ization, which is the only possible one at present,km Bailro&d 42i«42i; Mi< gan Southern. 10; Michigan teed, a0j®21; Central BailrtB&Szead, 62J 25i®25i; Chi 63|; Illinois CThe market i quiet. SterlingIn Freights, 200 tcs. Be«f tee. Lard at 3d steamer) 3G0 I S0e., and XX) pBice on privit< ^ tun mtaeur 27s. 6d.; 100 b bush. Wheat oan unpremeditated barasgne, to an excited mob, are, A certain per centage of electors never vote f-ucceeded in electing Mr. Buchanan in 1856. Nowk» the heat of a p litical canvass. But, being de- save at Presidential elections. As a general thing, tbey admit that Mr. Buchanan has sot given peaceliberately committed to paper, and calmly read in they are away from home on business or pleasure, to the country. Mr. Hillard is very emphatic inthe face of the Senate, without the slightest or they stay at home for causes which are not suf- condemnation of his Administration. He says heereignty of the State. This is indeed being ground between the upper and nether millstones.PERSONAL.n w l y touching h'.m, and commanded him again to leave. Tho wife's'affection. dectasedsaid b~ would, but that be first wonted a settlement. —A singular and distreeeing accident happened on Tbe prl-oner replied teat i f he would leave, he did noto « e b'ni anything. Under tbe pressure of the prinia—Saturday last, in Troy, to a lad fourteen years of age. er's oemznands and bayonet, the deceased inft, bnt wfcfn h e reached t b e street, calling the prisoner'*,provocation,andintheabsenceofGov^Seward,itficientinaPresidentialcontest.Infime,prettynevercanandneverwillbeaDemocrat.Why, Hewasplayingwithtwocalves,oneofwhomhei>auc,betoldhimthathedidnotdaretocomeontand;fighthimheldbyachiin having at its end a sharp hook. The sii^le-bcnded. " Don't (," replle.- tije prisoner, and rushing to simply, proves this man Salusbury to be far better nearly everybody intends to vote for President, and then, is he tiOt something else ? Why does he. not —There may be those who fancy that the slave- Ids counter be pn&bed over the pile of weights, and picking npfitted to serve bacchanaliaus in a vulgar tap-room, calculations as to business or pleasure are made ac- admit his error, and retrace his steps? He says iu holders' mob in Kentucky will succeed in silencing or calf became unruly, and in the ensuing struggle the the largest one followed tbe deceased. VVnen the prisonerthan to address gentlemen in the Chamber of the cordingly. v In the case of Connecticut, the Demo- BOmany words that he does not believe the'Repub- ©touted States Senate. cratic philosophiser claims that a large proportion lican party has any idea of interfering at all with Saulsbury had but few auditors—some dozen or of the absentees on the 2d inst. were from the com- Slavery where it exists; and he adds that if Mr.driving off Castas 51. CUy; but such persons will probably change their opinion on reading the folio wiag authentic anecdote: In 1856, juat before the commence-hook was caught in the abdomen of the boy, and ho reached tbe door be threw the weight at the deceased, who had returned lo a vacant lot opposite, where a house had been tornwas dragged around the barn-yard in that manner. dowij. After tbe prisoner threw the weight the deceased fired a His injuries were terrible, though his recovery is not brick or stone which went through the prisoner's window. Ho then went in again and returned with his musket, and stoodmercial and manufacturing classes, from the citieshand, Joe, being naturally a low fellow, chuckled and villages; and the inference is drawn that, '* his aim and purpose to govern the country with ment of the Presidential canvass, the Rev. John G.fifteen. Joe Lane sat immediately at his ri*bt at the idea of hanging Seward. Hunter loungedSeward should be chosen President, "it would bewhereas those classes and districts are the Fee, one of the persons lately banished from the Stateupon his atovp The deceas>d seuttwo or three more aiiasile«-impossible.—Francis Wbitten, the father of " Little Ella stcie and returned with a sword in bis hand, and exclaimed aaBUTEB," has published a statement denying that he be reached tbe sidewalk, " Where is he V Some one> caFfd out t o the deceased that tbe prisoner had «ever intended to make money from the exhibition ofhave to do it over my dead bod?; and I am going to Jotiah Qaincy, sen., are the largest tax payers in clearly de'erniired and unrelenting. 1 nt.ou.id add tbux tne Jurydefend myseli to the last." Mr. Fee lectured without Quincy, Mass. The former pays $1,440, and the lat-interruption. The chivaliy knew their man; they ter $485. As trustee, Mr. Adams pays $150 addi- fested onfi irudlinei-B to the prose ration wails the firat w tnesapears to have been taken in, the question.The receipts mayadd,1hopenotimproperly,asa'dlogtoamoreexactunder- lows:.Sm: In Mr. Bryant's DiscouraOon the " Life andGenius of Washington Irving," which you very1f(*4, N. C. St "piedwithtbepagesofHannahMoreandDodi- 2B,(XrOMlssoorGovernor acted in accordance wi'.h the distates of ex-DiKraiCT-ATTORNEY'S OWICK, Nisw VORK, \ March 3, 1860. JHis Excellency, Gov. MORGAN—Dear Sir: fn replyto your wquMtion for aafaU-nieDt, &.c , relative to Joha Crioi*- | Boaidto-du/,77i®77^;Ex tbedecapedwantedtolagrtebindinenteringwasfrxnfeartnat. Bailroad,3d±' be would be ordered out, and hope that he would fare better if his friends were fi'»t receivrd. Tbe deceased declined to leave..wbicb did co injury Tbe prisoner then again went .nto hisv-roict. that 1 told the Jury they had no right to exercise mercy,DI»T»ICT-ATTOR»HT'8 OFWCH. I NKW-YORK, March 14, 1960. JGov. MORGAN—Dear Sir: I n m y answer to yonr requisition* in tbe casas of requisitions for par- dons, so great has oeen tie pressure of business upon me that I h*te bad to send them off without reading them myself- Hav-tency, in » y saying upon one page that I could " imaaioe no "ground for clemency," except the probability ''that the pris-' oner acted uzdor the spur of past rvproacbes from his wifo," and upon axotb<r page that, " in view of tho rage to which ha" was spurn A by past provocations," and under the influence of which be probably acted, '' I would lite to recommend a 00m-" mutation " tic What I intended to say was that, id my, . opinion, the deceased had slandered tbe prisoner'a wife; that she hid lepr- ached htm wit h a want of spirit in not relenting the imputations, and punishing the offender; that the sense of insult ana her reproaches rod made a serious itrp?es«ion cpon him; tbete cauwts excited him, at the time of tbe homicide, to a furi- ous 1 B+e, which was not warranted by anything which then oc- curred, and that under tbe. influence of that rage he committed (he fatal actI oi-gat also to state to you that I have been called npon by Mr. wUjiwn B^ar, a master type-founder of this cirv, *f high standing and undoubted integrity, whom 1 h»»e known for more than ten years, who infrrms me tbat the prisoner worked for bim (or many years, beginning when be was quite young; that . bis caaracter was always excellent; that pretio-is to the murder tbe prisoner called upon him; stated the imputations mad* by tbe decea>-ed upon hi* wife's virtu*; that he, the prisoner, had toldhimtbatifthesechargesworetrueih«*youghttoseparate.' and that she bad assured bim they were 'also, and he bedeved. her; whereupon tie asked Mr. Hucar's fatherly advice aa to wba* bo should do. and he, Mr. Haaar, advised him to h*re nothing to say to the dec^seo, to forbid him from coming to his; •place, and to avoid all difficulty. .;-•.. Althoughwithmybelieftnattheprisonerwasproperlycon- victed -, a loot, so far as my opinion is involved, which is a neoe*? sary Incident to the oau«lction of aoy man 1 try myseb*, I havsa__. _, •ing occasion to rsad. a day or two since, my letter in the case of".. •butyourEx- endeav*:. •>'.WO United %,W Tenrf.^.« 4JXX Virginii ww.fultonhistory.com 