 iTHE STATE OF EUROPE.• m from OwrOwn CweimrpoaitsaM.of the Department of Mount Blanc* By the way, a subscription. All of which, naturally enough, newspaper was YVarne* the other day (a clevico-le- reminds me to say that the Count of Paris is getting gitimist newspaper) for printing that he had com- well of his broken leg. The remains (called ashes, mitted suicid.e, although it apologized in its next, in elegant style), of Napoleon I.'s second wife,TuRKt, Nov» 20, I860.Diplomaey » w>w v e r 7 to»sy in preventing a number for rire unintentional error of having con- Marie Louise, are. to be brought up to St.•yrmr for Venetia in the Spririg, since it is certain that orce begun it would not stop in Italy, but •wonld soon spread to the Carpathians and to the Rhine. Count Cavour, to whom Garibaldi's popularity ie a presage of a severe party strug- gle -which might endanger Italian unity, is now trying' hard to wrest Vcnetia from Francisfounded Prefect Petetin with a new official suicide Denis from Parma, they say. Tho bonesof the Rirmo name.. La France Centrales the same of the Duke of Beichstadt, still clung to by'device-legitimist paper, published at Blois, has just Francis Joseph, will then only be wanting to thebeen suspended for two months. Suspense, you complete charnel party of the Bonapartes. Toknow, in these eases, is much the same thing* as continue this theme of royalties,ever grateful to Re-hanging till you are dead, dead, dead; resuscitation publican readers," I .must pass over to Siain, whoseat the end of the two months isvery rare. A Lyons grnciouti.Sovcreign, King Sala, of that ilk, cannotnewspaper (not the Gazette, clerico-legitimist, which receive the Prussian Envoy before next March.was suppressed two or three weeks ago), is now This grave news reaches us from the East by waySouthCarolinaSturdilyDenounced. il e hour of their deliberation*. I know the storm, n loud and fieice. I know it is yelled that there are n any who now despair. I am not of that number.n eans <-f adjustment have been exhausted. I know it is said Virginia is to be dragged into disunion, ag;«»nst her better judgment. Yes, .Sir, by the- odium ofJbseph, exclusively by the action of Diplomacy. ui.dcr prosecution (an alarmingly sure symptom of of, Trieste. The causes of the delay are thai; H. S.His endeavors nave so far been very successful; eoi.demnation) for printing that M. Turgot hud re- M. Sala mast first go to lay the corner stone of aThe electors arenot of that number. For, as wilder, infidelity to the South on the slave <|ucbtion, she is to- darker grows the night, more fdrious still the storm, be coerced into disunion. But I. Bay that, rather than their faith and confidence in the capacity of the people pee 1er compelled to follow South Carolina, I would.To lite Bell and Everett Electors of Virginia, at of An.eiica for self-government will enable them to prefer seeing her take her own separate stand among• England, as might be expected, recommending tke sale -of Y-eoetia most earnestly to the Cabinet «f Yietraa. T>pon the other great Powers of Eu- rope fee bus worked principally by threatening them with a -revival of the "Revolution under the leader-ceived his credentials as Embassador to the King of pyramidal temple at the holy /city of Phra-Bard,Italy. Now, in view of these little facts, peoplo which is.a long way otV from Bangkok, and thou hefind a certain significance in M, Cayla's permitted must go. to pay' religious homage to Nasodhouri,pamphlet, a significance that is very slightly di- the holy white she elephant of the Siamese church.minished by the remark of the flouting Conslitu-' The last words of tho late Dowager Empress of Rus-Richmond, onDec;5,1860. S P E E C H E Sec'm'eto a proper conclusion in regard to the manner in the rations of tlVearth. Sir. I suppose I shall ho which the ciifis should be met. This sentiment is the called a bare sutmimonist. Well, as to ba*e submis-really be meditating a coup d]6glise the pendant 6 in 'Germany, Poland, Hungary, and all the Sla- ?Secretary, Mocquard, is said to have furnished a novel, the scenes of which are laid in America, for the. coming numbers of. the Revue Europ6cne.vonic countries, as in Italy, and his appearancehis coup d'Ctat?I should not wonder much if that pamphlet were"A complimentary dinner was given by'the Bell andEverett Club to the Bell and Everett Electors of thisous mind, and. as regards Italy, he will mostdecidedly insist upon the Bale of Vcnetia as the lust political leaders or the so-ealled clerical party are,risk of hopeless ruin and complete destruction by a *cw war. Russia, too, wishing to gain time for the reform of her financial condition ana for the. emanci- pation of the serfs, has now consented to back the<*dvice given by England and France; and, under such circumstances, we may be certain that Prussia *rifl also take part in such a gentle pressure upon Francis Joseph. Garibaldi, however, and the Hungarians do not believe in any sale of Austria's Italian possessions. They know the pride of the Aus*ttrian» EJ.mperor, anda twhereiforue avarve sxuilveunutyly pre-pariing for the inepressibk conflict in the Spring! The King of Naples iu this regard completely shaires. Garibaldi's views, and is making ready for a most desperate defense at Gacta, m the hope thatan Austrian war iu March may give him a chanceonce more to return to Naples and Palermo, lie isnow sending -his diplomatic agents to France, toRussia, to Austria, in order to ascertain what hemay be allowed to hope from these Powers. ThePope, too, starved out iu his capital by the loss ofall the richer provinces, is also to wait until Marching away many who might have been obstacles in his acquisition, aud dogged purpose of gratifying t h efabulous amount of guineas.Our resident American painters here are, some ofops, are active partisans in tho war now going onbetween the clerico-legitimist.party and government.But this is a theme that will keep; more of it an-other time. .Enough to odd finally for to-day, .thata rumor runs of the creation of a new ministry! tobe more specially adapted than the actual ministryof public worship, to the management of the tangledreligious affairs of the day. 'there are also entreat nishes brilliant proof of the profit he has4. JOHN B E U , A>)> EDWARD KVKKETT—Tho H(<ht of their having refreshed 1is 1 lumage, in the storm which now will be willing to <;ncounter tbem on the threshold ofqniteuntenableIDthelongrun.But if the condition of the enemies of Italiannnity if hopeless, Victor Emanuel, too, feels some- •what uncomfortable. The unfortunate discussions between Garibaldi and Cavour could not lead to any satisfactory issue, and the Dictator returned to his rock inland, which was not, as I lately'wrote,transformed into a garden by royal munificence— that pretty story is an invention, and hos been already rectified by the papers. But' now the de- tractors of the great man begin to feel the migieul influence exercised by his name and his popularity. Italian Unity under Victor Emanuel was repre- sented at Naples and in Sicily solely by Garibaldi. and after his departure the people remain cold, evenvote for tho annexation of Savoy and Nice to Summer from the Norman coasts and inland forms, Grande to the TCennebeck, every separate town bo France,likethevotefortheannexationofthe spokenhighlyof—evenbybrothersofthebrush peiitywithoutaparallelinthehistoryofthe dismembered,everyplacefromTexastoMaineshouldof retaliation, and we will accomplish tb.c redress of ourinjuries.Wewillcreateacommercialrevolution: we will bring them to our feet; and ii we had but one tithe of the spirit of onr ancestor* we would be willing, when the hour demands it, to make every sacrifice for its consummation. . . •The President next road the following toast:THK UNION!—Founded ou equality, c«*ment«d by .good -w-il!. covered in by the' Constitution, if either fail irropiruhly. th* edifice must fall, and ought to fall; haw Joo-.-^ned thr Hccond, and threatened the hint. Will tbe conawTutivi.'K rejmir tho wroujj. and rehtore tke edi/ice 1The Hon. John Minor BotU b^ing caJled on to re- aror.d, said: 1.'Mr. President: No higher lienor could have l>ecnarmy got no pay, except their daily meals, often not abler man than Francis's Editor, Casella, as Father more than bread, cheese, and chesting, and for full Breckx is probably an abler man than either offoor months all the officers, from the colonels down them. But all these church politicians seem to haveenter into any enlarged discussion; but I will say re-coime should bo bad to no expedient to increase theevil passions of the day. _It has occurred to me that ifthere could be a Convention of the South, especially ofthat portion which occupies an identical position with . Mr. PBESIPENT: Permit me t* say I am gratified to before attempted, from its foundation to the present ourselves, if there coulu.be a Convedtion of the border hear my name pronounced by you- in this connection. hour. I take it upon myself to say, that there \9,not. a States of. theUnion, from which should, be excluded I am gratified to hear some official and authorized human being who.entertains the slightest doubt that those more extreme Southern States that have taken, recognition of my right to a seat in this assembly, be- the votes that were cast for Walter R. Staples were their position, that by means of the temperate counsels cause. Sir, the letter of invitation -which I. had the intended for Waller R. Staples; aud if that precedent which .Mich a Convention might present, in the charac- honor to receive in my own country was addressed to bad been established, if this severe rebuke had not terofmediators,wemightexertaninlluenceonthe WalterB.Staples,andas.mynamewasspelleddiffer- beengivenbvthesesixBreckinridgeElectorstothe North and the South. And surely itis better to appeal, entty, I bad doubts whether, under the authority of Governor and Attorney-General, there is no knowing to any Convention in which temperance, wisdom, and that invitation, I should be admitted to a seat on the its consequences in the future. All that would havetariesor reflections: fere with.temperate*counsels. But, then, if wo must for me that the State has gone fer the nominees of the a precedent has not been cbtabliudied. And, in thie After the defeat of tho reactionaiy army, under the have a State Convention, I trust that both in Eastern Constitutional Union Party. That, Sir, is my source of connection, I should like to inquire if a letter addressed command of Don Miguel • Miramon, new Silao, in the and Western Virginia, upon our Southern and upon our congratulation and triumph. It- is a sort of bright to John Lztcber or to Randolph Tinker were fco bemonarchs of England, Russia, Prussia, and Tur- best one of being on our side)—these productions, nkey axe, chief of 'the Church as w-ill. The uu- 1 say, are well worth leading, despite the occasionalFrom all this it is plain that the reign of tho leaetion has ended, and that the era of peace and happiness for Mexico has arrived; for it is not probable that thetionnel, that the very publication of ideas eo cen- sia to her son, the Czar, ate said to have been to this -BY MESSRS. MACFARLAND, PRBSTQST, STAPLES, sciiec-of justi.e shall force us to take up arms against stand by the Union as long as it in within the power of It, how w ill we do it ? W e will not secede. I under- preservation. As a citizen of Western Virginia, I wishtral} to the sentiment of the Emperor as are those effect: "Never ally yourself with Austria; do not of M. Cayla, is triumphant.refutation of the cant- ".-fail to sustain the'-King of Naples."ing, factious outcry-that the prei*8 is not practically Louis Napoleon is said to be getting on with his free in France. And so people ask themselves: Is Life of Julius Caesar, so 'that the work mayPOTTS, JACKSON, ANDERSON, SHACICLE- FORD, JOHNSON, AND OTHERS.stand the electors not to countenance the doctrine of to say a word to these people, and that, in thin: Those semsion. T1 ey ate loyal men, and bold men, and who are determined to plunge us into this attempt at wl en tbey take up arms against the Government they disur.ion should consider the potent voice of another -will do it re^ardlefS of consequences. They will not class in the South—I mean the non-slaveholdidg portion attempttogointoafight,havingfir«tpasxeduncon- <:fthecommunity. Have-theyconsideredwhether stitutional resolutions to screen themselves from tbev would be willing to break up the Union ujxm. the rebpomiUlity attached to it. Not at all. That, if lucn a pretext as the election of Lincoln ? Let .me it ip as 1 understand it, is the doctrine of the electors tell von tbey aie attached to the Union, and regard if. or Of the patty they represent. When the Govern- as tLe palladium of their liberties. They intend .toment, by its.action, infiingcs the rights of the people, tand by it. Tbey will only abandon it' when theysnip of Gariba'di, whose name has become a tUg of liberty all oyeT Europe, and the raXying point of all the nobler aspirations throughoutthe'Continent. Garibaldiisinfactaspopular.notthispamphletafeeler?MaynottheEmperor possibljbereadyforthepressthisWinter. HisrrouiOnrSpecialRoi>orU-r.•*' RICHMOND, Dec. 0, I860.m wry despotic country would certainly produce seized in a day or two. It has been on sale long Thiers's eighteenth volume of the-Corisulate and the & revolution. The ex-D'ctator is, besides, known enough now for everybody who wished to get a copy Empire,, that is, of the First Restoration and•as a dai geTOUs antagonist of Napoleon, and a new —and a very great number of copies have been sold.w t r could not fail to increase his power over men's "Without exaggerating its importance, or pretending T . Buchanan Bead, the poet-painter, passedto fathom the purposes of Louis Napoleon, one can through here day before yesterday. He has been Tornd?. The French Emperor wishes, therefore, begin to see an approaching possibility of the .Em- busy with^his brush in England those last months.Site as ardently as Cavour himself, to prevent thedion hem from reappearing on the scene of action, peror's'pronouncing himself, more openly and abso-State last night at the Exchange Hotel. .Omitting the minor dctaila, I send you, afyexpreesive and it de] aits from the ConUitution, when it becomes consider it can be no longer preserved -uith honor andAmong the heads he executed (on canvas) are and accordingly we hear that within the next few lut.lv than he has.vet done, masterin his own do- those of American Minister Dallas and AmericanAfter the removal of the cloth, the company was of lebellion.' I hope-we will not be forced to that hands-, appalled by no condition or circumstances. But called to order by the President, Win.' II. Marfarland, alternative. Not atall. I choose to take a more pleas- they s<e with <o:i»tc)nati< n that those who call theni-days a senii-rfhcial article is to appear in one of the Paris papers, treating all the questions of Eu- ropean policy, and suggesting a pfacful so- lution to each of Them. The Imperial writeri 5* to unfold the mysteries of his tortu-minion of spiritualW t t e r s . That he will make a banker and philanthropist Peabody. Some whilebefore leaving America, Bead painted several por- Church on the Roman Church, is not at all prob- traits of Longfellow, one of which, rather an art-declaration of the independence, of the Frenchable; but that he may make it, more independent onKoine than it e*ver vet has been, is not at all improb-able. Some of tbe'bisbops and ' the more zealous with him as a traveling companion. An Englishthe Hundred Davs, is in press.cu/H- tafety—with self-interest. Yet, while ' that h of the sentiment of the State on the subject of secession,' too oppressive to be borne, we will appeal to theist's sketch than.a finished picture, he did for " his own sako and the comfort of the thing," and kept-1- ' — " • " WfaJMWW—lwmiUMW'.'•'.NEW-YORKetc., etc. And M. sA'lhtehri Petetin is now Prefect park of Chamhord was given by grateful national THE SECESSION MOVEMENT. fcr Bell and Everett—will it do any ffood"? I trust so. «nt time? Di»-afitrour« war from abroad may c-mo,DAILYTRIBUNE,11, I860.For when the lordly tread of the old Commonwealth of depolating our fields and sweeping our commerce fromVii'iiisi is he: rd, mart-baling Ier worth,,her power, tl c ocean, healing sectional aolinofcities and difficulties-.ar.d influence and glory in tho ranks of conservatism, I and leaving the brow of tho Government brighter a/»<t VOICE OF VIBtaEEffEA. toy much good will be done. I trust good enough will purer from the storm tbat has convulsed it. I know it,he done to save tho country. For if it •will be said t>epe are but the suggesthms of a timidis not to be saved by the conservatism and spirit. I pay that they are, on the other hand, the THE imO'N SHALL BE PRESEBVEtf. the wisdom and the patriot urn of those States which suggestions of those who would break op the Union, are culled the Border States of the South, I believe it on no man's proclamation. I will never yieldw ill be lost. But it is in their power to save it. .1 en- to the counsels of those who tell me that tertain no doubt, if wisdom and patriotism shall rule tie Union should be broken up, until ovoryTUESDAY,DECEMBERt h a t tnvaj upon u.-. 'I SuslinxvA friends 11 that it v 1geiher b; •can lie ke|b:;d lx?*-ii without i\ perfectly the rig! tl wafi a -1*1 tbe St: rj to all tbe tern s|force th",enfr.rc* <\ '•eootraci'-eawe it Sta.'e ths meat in • any part ;ja jij«t ( one man it wouldother candin«tan<'e b( -electeVJ .%'• e<pn.lly \^itia»ed. I.publican <conlr« 1 i j York ;-.•>]inasiruKi couldIM What w *l he tbe p bf just ti* LirKolnti: craix! •Prewtori am un</'rMUnion. esing.• Union, - . 1 jxA di#—--all j>rri{. W81 f.hl.. for Lbe i tiojj of *.Till)!, frll>- .am not • • « ftill hav t| aj;.oi!^ 1 H of the S-HII ifapm; r| can be nubamatcur>of Lonfellow and his poems caught sigljt'alternative h ft to Austria, if she does not prefer the I will not say driving him in that direction, but driv- of it one day, and showed such English passion for In wc;il or wo, our aftec*ion for them will ever ho unchan;;«d. 1 1 ope, I believe, that the bird on our. national flag, of the North attempt to force her into submission, I-passion, that Read, ratherTthau tempt the'English admirer to dishonesty, as he ran risk, of losing his under his banner. It would be a mistake, however, brother poet's effigies any,way, yielded it up for ucounsel yet sdmies with undirauied-luxter through the deep night how Is around us, will mount on braver wings and lead of Black"Republicanism, The political helmsman may rely on us ttill on and forwaid in the path of duty, honor, and them as the pilot, on the morning and.the evening star.'Before reading the fifth.toast, the President prefaced, freedcni. No, gentlemen, it will not do at this hour to drsrair or despond. We mustit as follows: be up and doirg, and go forward in,the line of ourIt IRno longer, we trust, the inquiry in Virginia"how purpose. The piecedent of our party is. a line iu con-the claims of a prominent party may be prejudiced or f< rmity with the Constitution, the Union, and the laws.We v\ould not swerve from tlte path which we haveadvanced; but it is how the permanence of our insti- beaten down and rendered iplain, even though it hastutions may be secured. And we may (hitter ourselves been through much travail and.suffering.. But I takeby sympathies of attachment for the Union, that this men than myself who can point out that course. Ireformation will go on till once more the. maxims and have my own views in regard to it. I will not under-the memory of Washington will assert their supremacy. take to sav now what they are. The day may perhaps come when it will.be necessary for even me to declarethis State, and pile hecatombs of bodies to arrest their progress. You may conquer South Carolina, but we do not want a conquered province. This Union can only be preserved by affection. In my judgment, if South Carolina wants to go, let her go, and we can pre- serve the Union without her. And when she has been out cf the Union a year, and fed tyson the hunKs of her poverty, like the Prodigal Son, she w 11 1 iVo and return to the paternal mansion.I do not believe secession is any remedy for the pieecut evil. I mean no disrespect when I say se- cession is a cowardly remedy. It renounces our share in every interest of" the Federal Government—in tho public lands, the army, the navy, the revenues' of the Government; it deprives us of ail the rights which wepath. By arraying themselves against the nationtueSiUtxi'U) i vrl -and the spirit ^to suppose that all the clergy, nay, that all the bish-time, they are arraying thefw*be no gi ' •of thep*orrumors of changes in the present ministries, and of the substitution of Wnlewski for Persigny as Embas- sador at London.made. by studying under Couture—bold in touch, rich in color? that Bonghton has just finished a sweet, pure Maud Muller; that his ate- lier partner, Sam'l Column, has brought back from&rpProtestantism continues to flourish with theCatholic Powers and Impotencies. The Superior- Ins last Summer's working journey in Spain a won-auspices' as seem full of comfort, yet we are under cir- the capacity of man for self-government is* the great cumstances which may well carry dismay, apprehen- theory on wLith the Government was founded. Thesion, .andsorrow, to the bosom of every patriot. W e praite is due those who framed the Constitution. They meet at a time when it is difficult to say whether, we say give it lip. Let us malic a Southern Confederacy. have a Government or not;- whether wc live in a state States which have been divided for centuries are to-dayconing into t i e bonds of brotherhood, and Garibaldi of to<icty which authorizes any degree of fears, or is prcclainirig manly conference. If Italy can come whether we live-in a community in which the laws .together at this late day, after all her servility, under may be insulted and their responsible agents defied to which a portion of the State has been so longGovernment. Well, is there to be no rcdrcs« ? Icon- cur in the suggestion tbat there must be a Convention of Virginians, and tbev must say to tbe North. " Re- peal your hostile legislation; give us some evidence of your fidelity to the Constitution, and we will stand by you forever." Suppose they will not do it, what then is onr remedy? I answer tbat it is within the Unjon. If the Northern States can confiscate personal prop- erty, so can we. If they can deny UHjustice in theirGeneral of the Company of Jesus, Father Peter Breckx, protests, with the usual mixture of tears and curses, against Victor Emanuel's confiscation of the property of the .Jesuits in the annexed Papal .States. Father Breckx should.note that Victorderfully'beauilful warmth and light, which.he is now preserving on canvas; making very charming con- trasts to our gray Pssris fogs. As a great many folks who expect to die cannot see Seville beforehand, I recommend them for their soul's content to try and.: AudyetS< li<«!i St'id',/" stij: .-O*H: tinnioiiftrsit.cf an abidiii Onrbywbi• St*-.*eitT- Uhited >*a bythin,b*»aerve th^ LE Ol the coi in and so, too, the power will acc<vm W e of t'tu.-the legimtt trol tbe J- a the I^ei:ida Ijej-ifhit* T*> is'on (.'-mSta*ej). > gn.-s»* we to relieve 1! Which I i,;t.'. rather than accompanyit to be afo a»j State t< etiht'ody of J restored to.1the Unit1 d bility 01 pa ea;i-i)yii : tscued atd fc penr itrt' e ConLret-- •'••:-of the hiirb< whoatt< 1{ ai\l bold it'/to ibeT- 3 have, lee compron.irfsa'isfv e\ -:r luia. "wb* b bend a<•«.:• «nQigh t-is .at. ta- otu or' h of* the ltho old V and fro*.WOUld \y, •a dividedofittoVi* net. and » -Cabir.ef."hen ;*<;.'<):- Union-w; tut ion vetUonstitai itpelf; iv. that tbe t«-vi aen-e tl <«- J sell" ont-'.-r ; the oarth to- law.-* tha* United S'.a tom-HoU'Oi ' 'thehart- r< gOlU;- OUt.1vent all r> n only r>- <\ polling iuout you wo; leWthaniLt them-isr.** world !-<-.ir• Ct:r: lit.a wc , JStatft* wo-tl (&»y.'.-hei-:.i»i v marshal hav•dOOstl'.l1:t Where i> .11 t b o S . J p i ; :« tie law, ii Cla.ler'ti:; <.^tatCS to :.r? txcute u •there a*u<>V j&m uot n -I "ehalship witBt.i il etc uthe (Vn.-:::i out tbree: b tji? pji-e< 1 \ v. Ycv, gen; li Northern *• *ulV>:.it;-.;'the lavtaneoutly • •that a disim ern Statc-.y and I a;*t .between *.voa des>ti"-»v'.1 live SOivE to cone. > is oi>' C-''*v much pn \y Stateti-rs •-K«niUi k-.,' North t-:tro are. the pal'tween thoi the hi rir,- .> Carolina . \ havt. !to -bi' Stat- >-. HUI •opposed, u fnebzai*- ;• Wi1 . -Mi li potsitiou to. 01 ly v'lu harm. . I s>tiouiwl C v pki,. I,h; v- OOOJ -v '•- A—by which time his resources will be'completelyspent—before he determines whether to abandon Emanuel, like Voltaire, was brought up by the get a look, when it is done, at a painting of one viewthem, doing fine things. Beside May, and Crunch, and Babcock, whose works I have, mentioned in re- cent letters, there are twenty or more of our coun- trymen her*;., learning and learned in their ;»rt, y fmortM-nt. >Vi-.om.l fj nortion'of n.*ive a.letphia, who; party in ib\ peal'theigcntlemsn fhrt .Sf>«;*;i Y*r.xi <>Itn- and W*-*'.;will be Co New-York follow. If«"ntlenv t \t->\\ ( i a en-tneiit oenforce them. It is truly a sad and alarming condii ion laboring, shall'wc run the risk to-day that Italy Courts, to can we. Ii will be seen in that day aud thetombofSt.Peter,ortoinviteKingVictorJesuits.FrancisII.protestsagainstthe.late,popu-ofit,nowonMr.Column'seasel.IhearMr.Dana'sinwlkhwemeet.ThisUnion,thishappyUnion,commencedonehundredyearsago? No,hourwhatFederalmeasurescanbefoundtoexecuteEmanuel to Rome, since his present position is lar vote in his late Kingdom. That it was, like tho sen and landscapes, especially thosebrought back this which gave us the promise of strength and pros no! I would infinitely prefer that from the Rio the laws of the United States. Let us take the conrseDuchiesto Piedmont, like the vote for Louis 'Napo- leon as Prince-President for ten years with constitu- ent power, andthe vote for Louis Napoleon as Em- peror, an election without a choice, is true; that t.one of them was entirely intelligent and sin- cere in its integrity is true; that all of them were on the whole the real expression of a national wish is true. Francis does not like it; says there was no truth aboutIt; points out some of the patently uu-.From painting to music is but a step, which I woil'i—which assurrcd us peace and distinction be alarmed by the hostile invader, that throughout the take simply as a reporter (as a critic*.I should bo to an indefinite period of -time, which Washington re- length and breadth of the whole country the cry of commended to our affections, and which brave men afaim should go forth from the people, for fear of a quite in the dark) to say that A. W. Thayer,is here, died in vindicating, is about to be sundered, and we foreign oppressor, rather than tbat now, in the hour of lately come from Vienna, in his indefatigable search to be launched upon a sea, never yet navigated by us. our prido and our greatness, we should, like theA PROSPECT OF ' PEACE. truthful, insincere, tricking parts of it cleverly F'rmh ThcX. 0.1'ieoyunc, Nov.'M.enough. But what is notable is, that in the course of his prote*fai)t essay on popular suffrage, he ex- plicitly declares " that when the throne is vacantSLEXK'AN COKSVL'ATK'GENERAL-, / of Virginia, with a mixed compunyof gentlemen, the are the equals of Madison, Hamilton, and. a long list of NI'W-ORLEAN.S, Nov. 20, I860. \ sentiment will commend itself to the approbation of worthies, who assisted in framing the present Couotitu- •The intero.Pt manifested by many persons on calling all, that we will not despair of the Kepublic"until' tion. Let us stand to it as long as each man can con- at thia'Consulate, and their evident solicitude iu regard every expedient has been exhausted to maintain the fain vutfcin the precincts of bis own bosom an .unblem-of material? for his Life of Beethoven. FROM • MEXICO.It is, ii deed, a sad and alarming moment, and theques baseJudab, cast'away the pearl, the /jewel of bis ticn it-, what honest men shall do under such circum- tribe. Who are the men oi'tbe Southern Confederacy ? stances. Gentlemen, the occasion will not permit meto run into the phases of this discussion,"but I cannot I see men here, but not one who is not pledged to the mistake the feelings of those who honor what I say present Confederacy, under present circumstances. with their attention. I am sure that in the metropolis But, I do not think the men of the new Confederacyin the presence of the King. In Sicily especially " the people may choose a new dynasty and establish to news.from Mexico, arising*from their desire to see Union. I will not say—for.no man is at liberty to ished conscience. That is all. If be goes before con sentiment of " Tbe Union." Taken unprepared, su? Ithe population know but two names, Saint Rosalia, the patron of the Island, and Garibaldi, whom tbey believe to be a brother of the Saint. It will be "very difficult for Farini and tin- host of Sar- dinian officials to introduce order and administra-tive routine among those semi-eiviii/.'>d inhabitants, whom nothing but Garibaldi's name could restrain within the bounds of order. The correct Piedmont- ese Government officials have for months been accustomed to sneer at the disorder, jobbing and sbii'tlessness in the Dictator's administration, but now that .the accounts have been closed, we see the remarkablo fact that all the expeditions to Sicily and Naples, the war aud administration, the steamers, arms and ammunition bought, have only cost about ten millions of, dollars— in fact, not more than the cost of the short campaign against Lamorieiere, and its- continuation1 in the Kingdom of Naples by the regular-army. Thereason is obvious: for full two mouths Galibaldis" the conditions of its future government without peace- established•••in that republic, where they are fir-sort the events of the future—I am not at liberty to science says the hour has come for disunion, he playsiV offending'any one's .rights or im'periling the tran- say. what I would sacrifice in the maintenance of the the part of traitor to the best government everframe'd, am, Sir, not knowing until to-day that I was expected anxious to take their families and settle themselves here, having .'•pent my time until night in the country,," quillity of Europe." Francis has an eye to future pcimanently,- induce mo to communicate to them, - Union, bnt I know, 1 cannot doubt, that I address my. since God was visible in the heavens. We will not on my farm, and only having been notified within the- possibilities and to his French possible friend, the biioily, through the columns of 3-our esteemed journal, pelf to honest, valiant," patriotic men, and that give it up, because pestilence may come. Our neigh- la*t few minutes that I was expected to respond, yet it Emperor's feelings: "Anon, anon," says politic the iiiioixnation leeciyed by the United States'steamer tbey will eaeiifice their personal security, their boring city on the sea shore may. be.fearfully scourged is a subject on'which I am always prepared te speak.Tenrtesfec, which arrived at this port a.fe\v days since. 'lives, if it need be; in the defense of our noble as she was once. Yet, when the destroyer's wing hadFrancis. Francis whines that Napoleon is a possi- From this information the strongest presumption arises ii)stitutiou8. The time has come when it is the passed away Ler commerce revived. J50 it is with all Permit me, before I proceed to respond to the senti-arc tbice circumstances that have occurred in the lastmit al and to the French Commander at Home. willofier to ihose who desire to settle in*it those down the aits of those, who would employ a popular t» liberties again when the sun shall slumber twelve hours that give me much gratification. The Which, after all, is not very foolish; for if the help uaianties of. cider and quietude so necessary to 10 outtry to suppress the honest convictions of the conn-- II the cloud, forgetful of the_ voice of* the first is, that the unanimous electoral vole of thie S'.ateble friend, from a remark he made to Lc Barbiet duty of every man who values the institutions the ills of lite. But give up this government to the ment, to indulge in a few outside remarks. There1 inan, and so has given crosses to the French Ad- that the long desired moment.i^ about to he realnsed','and that very soon tbat country, favored by nature, <f the country, to speak out. Resist, contend, beat madness of some factions hour, and you will recoverfrom France is of little worth .(and will be of no doveloiiinvnt of its prosperity and greatness. "worth whenever Victor Emanuel should really want It is well known that the war, which tov thfeeye'ars to bombard his cousin from the sea, and take him .has laid watte the country, has hud for its object outry. We eui only vindicate our lineage.as the de- morning, when, ships are drifting with the has been given to Bell and Everett, and I say it ia allecendanta of the men of the revolution by daring to dead to shores where all is dark: honor to the gentlemen elected, and the Governor andencounter danger and death, if need be, in defense of G. VntflixiA ! True to herself, cor «ver UIIF©to any, sh'i van the Attorney-General, and the six Breckinridge Elec-the institutions for which we are indebted to them. th'j Lcd<-Star of the Coloait^s 0:1 tbeir March to Iudepondenoe— tors, who have resigned, that they are entitled to our And now, what in the rei'nedy for. the- unhappy coindi- th Lode-Stor of tlio S^-.tn.s en their path to Union, whether thanks - for having set aside an example of iM.-r-arate or cc.njoinod, yet fixed uud seli'-sufliuing. No baleful the most pernicious character. Sir, there is ticn of nur count rv ? This is the topic in regartd to eou et on the ou'o hand, nor Bhooting-star on tiie other, «hall dru^ no authority on the part of the Governorwhich I intimated it would not become the occasion to or drive her from her high place tmd poiiso in tho ijohticulMontgomery, as follows:prisoner, which will probably be some while, hence, a royal cousin prisoner • being as embarrassing to dispose of as a prize elephant)—if the help of Fiance is of little worth,-the crosses cost nothing.But the Pope's protest against annexation and universal suffrage takes the case differently. By nature, the Pope's Editor, Antonelli, is perhaps anthe part of the liberal party the securing of these guaranties-which,.'as-well as the enjoyment of civil, political, and religiousliberty, the Constitution of 1857 bud indeed granted to all, foreigners as well a* native;:-. Their enexuK s Oppose reform and-contend for the pres- ervation of ancipnt abuses, in Which, are particularly interested the clergy, the army, a few large proprie- tors, and some speculators, not all Mexicans, who en- rich themselves1, under their protection. .The struggle appears to.have .come to an end in accordance, with reason and justice, as represented by the great liberal masses of. the nation. I^et us hope that the sacrificesheavens. .'-.'„This toast was responded to by Waller R. Staples ofor Attorney-General to have rendered auy such decision as was made in favor of these rix Breck- inridge Electors. But it \vw a species of technical quibbling which, to the honor oi'the State, wa« nevert o the lieutenants, were paid equally, without re- wrapped their native intellectual talents in petti which have been' made, and the blood which has boon gard to rank, two francs a day. Such soldiers, who coats. Th'ir protests and allocutions, &,c., have au shed, will not prove fruitless, and that the Mexican fightfortheircountrywithoutpay,achieve,of imperfectlysmothered,anile,shrieky•tone..Itispeople,taughtbythe.painfulexperiencewhichtheycoarse, more than the regulars. They conquered Sicily and Naples. The other day when a medal, struck by order of the municipality of Palermo, was distributed among the original S76 heroes who debarked at Marsala and took Palermo, it was found that 485 had survived the dangers of the war, and above one-third had died in the groat en- terprise. Now, they are all disbanded. "'The 20,000 Oaribaldians return to their homes, proud of havingtaken part in the most daring expedition of this cen- tury, but all of them hurt by the somewhat haughty and cold demeanor ol the regular army. If Venice slnmld be freed by means of Diplomacy, these Guri- baldian volunteers will form the nucleus of an oppo- sition in the new Kingdom, which, may in time be- come fatal to the bureaucracy of the Cabinet of Turin.AFFAIRSIN FRANCE. From Our Ov*nCorrcHXxmdont.P ARIS, Nov. 23, 1860.not, however, that female quality' that oilers the have undergone, will prove toi-he world, by their pru- peculiar contrast between the Franciscan and Papal dence and sound judgment, how much they have de-been necessary would have been for one party to have imitated the electoral ticket of the other party, substi- tuted, one letter* for another in the sir-name or given" fcrary to Kie immutable laws of all right and jus- " tice, to all civil and social order; it is a principle " fertile, by its very nature, ia agitations, perturba-served the sympathy which their misfortunes have in- spired,.and that they may still.be entitled to considera- tion and esteem, though they'may' have been regarded by some as an uncivilized and unchristian people.floor of the Electoral College, and I had, Sir, some ap- prehension that inquiry would be instituted as to mv peisoual. identity, that is, Sir, according to the mod-thorofthispamphletisabookcompiler and fitsofpandiculationwhichtheirperusalislike gretitdefensespreparedinthecapitalwilleverbeput thisUnion-for.the.presentandallsucceedinggenera- eventqttheoverthrowoftheGovernment,herclassic journalist of liberal spirit and second-rate rhe- to bring on. for this hopeful $M^'& sake, viz.: the to the tort, a« well on account of public opinion, which tions. Our friends from the country have come to-day shoie is destined to become the battle-ground of cen-torical and logical faculty. It is not the style,joor argument, nor name of M. Cayla that givesproof they give that the old h i w ? is divided against condemns them without distinction of party, as also on to cast the vote of the State. Partiully the deed has ter ding hosts, that her landB will become deteriorated itself—that the new wine is fermenting in the old account of 'defection and demoralization of.! the troops bet a done. It will.be finished to-morrow. I am sure in value. Well n.ay she lift her voice against the lnud-i r n e that Government does frequently let books patch. The traditional, hereditary enemies ofsessed of greater power, has everything prepared toaffections, and I have in charge to read the following toast: • - • ' . * •what is the pretext upon which it is proposed to dis-bottles. The house is cracking and tottering; the destined to tue tlieni. Fnithermore, it is known al- are getting worse and worse rent, with every newand articles be published whose contents it does printing, of publicity, and of journalism; of appeal emable him to disappear from the scene of action whenare \ tecgc'j, awure,.gVrit tie've. U ind.uite my entertainsIwell be arlccd, if the electoral vote is or will be castWho eon t«jll what may be in four yearn from the pro*.eeiUimcnt of those with whom I have conversed. Wepay, hold on 1o the Government as it is. as long as it is the fin-t gun be fired—let but the hem of the Southern consistent with honor. Some say, on the other hand, garment be touched—it will be seen that the defense of the Government is broken up. When an outraged the South will 1e found in the men who are willing toma/ratio,'-.which, in ibe language of Madison, is above true, when the hour of the dread con- the remarks of the principal Electors. the Constitution, and we.will have and risk the effects flict approaches they will be found with arrni id theirselven.friends of our institutions are the men who have esq., of.this city, who proceeded to read the toatts pre- organ of the body whom you have honored 111the senti- brought about this condition of thing?, and are labor- pared for the occasion, the first four of which were: ment you have just pronounced, when we look on our ing for a dissolution of the Union. It cannot be de- 1. WASHINGTON! His prai»e i« on the lips of hi8 children. vast population, on our freedom and glory, we cannot nied it is so. This Prospero, whose warn has calledThey insult liia memory who forget List purting advice. despair. .Convulsions take place in the natural world. these " spirits from tbe vasty deep"cannot quiet thorn. 2. THK FATHERS OFT!tiB RKPOHUI*—Thoy have not eaten Dees any man fear when the clouds pile high their While this is my view of the subject, let me say a wordsour grapes, but the childr»>n'» teeth are »et on edge.- Let those frowning palisades in the North ? Do you despair, of South Carolina. If she goes out of the Lnion, let. reooHi< UHchildren v/ho betray tho Constitution Bnifer the pun- her go. I say, let her go, and I go further, as a South-ishment of their own faults. fly, tecede t No, Sir. W e know, from experience.3. TlIK.CoNSTJTCTlONAL UNION P.VKTY O? VmOlNIA—W« t;l at after the stoim passes away, the atmosH0l**> will ern man, and say, she has a right to go. Atjd I saying view of the subject. When I simply speak as thehail thejn-as brothers, and chcrioh them in our honrt of hearts. have become purified by its presence. So nm/ I trust, that before I will will see border ruffians and fanatic.-;these last, I have only room to-day to say, in the succees.of our conservative men, drawn together a-more cheeiful view of the subject. There are oldercatalogue-wise, that Rowland's atelier fur-And yet, my friends, though we assemble under such my opinion on the subject. But, gentlemen, faith in are now enjoying, and'surrenders them to the Generalpatriotism prevail, than hazard the safety of our Gov-ernment by going into a Convention in which there isreason to apprehend passion might rule the hour. There-fore, if my muable voice could reach the public, and ern constmiction^of euch a subject. A construction by name of tho Elector, to vitiate the whole election. if Ibave any claim to.influence in so important acrids,- which, though I received a majority of the votes It would depend upon whether Johnson was spelledprotests, but what Antonelli say? about the essential abomination of popular suffrage regarded as a source or basis of political power. " T h e manner of "voting, its excessive abuses," he says, *'are ofsee- 4i ondary import. It is the principle of popularli voting itself, which is subversive of all lawful KOV-tl ereignty, of all legitimate rule: it is directly con- better comprehension.of the subject, omitting commen- dice, hostility, or any foregone conclusion, would inter*, personally to me, it mattered but little. It is sufficient son would*have been elected or not. Thank God. such"The following is a short compendium of the newsbrought by the Tennessee, preceded by a -brief account I would recommend that no Convention should be at- of Virginia, I was yet, by the voice of the with or without a t or not, or whether Thomsou wa* of anterior events, which I deem necessary for 1 he tempted in which there is danger that passion, preju- Executive declared cast. on. the election. Well, Sir, spelled with or without a //, whether J ohuson or Thom-month of September last, the whole country between Northern borders, men of influence and patriotism may spot, to me, in the political waste. The traveler- in his taken from the Post-Office by tbe present Governor tions and" disorders, apt to lead to general confu- the two sear, aiid as far as the /ftnerican frontier on bc_ selected, who, losing the excitement of the moment,-' dailv journey, sees nothing in the prospect before him aud Attorney-General, could tbey not, under such asion"—says Antonelli, who docs "not care how on the north, recognized the authority of the Constitu- will apply themselves valiantly to the preservation of hard he hits Iritis Napoleon, Emperor of France, tional Government, with the exception of the City of our Union. Now, let it not for a moment be supposed in -virtue of bipartile: " Grace of God and Guadalajara, the second in the- Republic, which, with tbat, in the slightest degree, I undervalue the causes ofu Will of the People." You sec: Pope persists in a strong'and well-supplied''garrison, was still heUby complaint from the South against the North. I think not doing anything toward preventing Lou-is Napo- Generals Castillo and Well.m In eonseaueneo, alio, of that the South has sustained a. grievous wrong. I leon from declaring independence one of these days. that defeat, the eastern di\ision, under the command of t! ink, however, that when the history of the presentDonMiguelItobles,evacuatedthecitiesofCordova, daycomestobewrittenup,therewillbenosmall Humor goes loosely about to the effect that Pope'is Jalapa, and Orizaba, and concentrated in Mexico, degiee of blame attached to us. This, however, is no in correspondence with Victor Emanuel and prepar- where, also, the garrison of Tulancingo, Paehnca, excuse for the North in her deliberate and uudisgniised ing to negotiate with that monarch, putting his tem- Tolucn, and Cuernavaca, were ordered to repair; so indignities on tho rights of the South. But if weto cheer tho heart, until there bursts up»n his vision a precedent, be indicted,for breaking open letter* ad- green spot where he mav repose, and from whose per- dressed to other people? Another circumstance ennial spring he may d ink in refreshing draught*. has afforded me gratification, and it is to see our S , Sir, the student, as he pursues and investigates- the Douglas friends among us. It is not often I course of the political history of Virginia, finds nothing assume.to speak for any but myself,'but I am proudEnough talk has been made here this week by poral estates under his suzerainty, aud accepting that there now remained under the control'of Miramon really desire to perpetuate this Union, we'.are not to go hope of a better, day comes. It so cast her vote, and, Union, and the Disunion parties. I hope that here the apamphletentitledPapcetEmpenur (PopeandpensionandpoliceguardfortheVaticaninreturn.onlytheCapital,Puebla,andGuadalajara.ThelastintodelibcrationontbinsubjectundertheinfluenceofourfsI:mexpectodtorespondtothesentimentjustread comer-stone.willbelaidofagreatandgloriousUnion jEmperor) to become noteworthy your side of the This seems a sensible notion, at first glance, and named city bus been taken, audits dcfende-iv have nincc resentment'only. So far from it, allow me to say, that on the part of Virginia, I will tell you Virginia con- party, that will forever in Virginia put this disunion^water. Theauthorofthepamphletproposes thereforeratherwantinginlikelihoodatsecond joinedtheUbei-alarmy,theirformeropponent.Follow- thesenseofourinjuriesshouldexciteusonlyto*ade- tributedrnoietotheformationofthe"Governmentthan spiiitunderourheels. Anothercircumstancev>hichgratilies me, is to find so general a concurrence as has- b e e n e x p r e s s e d o n t h e v i e w s w h i c h I e n t e r t a i n m y s e l f . • with the single exception of the gentleman last up. I come now to speak of the Union. What is the I niou of the States? What is tho Government of tbe United States ? Is it a Constitutional Union 1 Ie it a Couati- tutional Government'! Is it true that those venerated nun, whose names we have been taught to lisp ia iu- fancy, and remember almost in our prayers, as tiw fathers and tbe founders of tki* Keyublie, have ^iveft us a permanent and enduring system of Government» Or is it true that tbev were a set of old fogies and that it is nothing at all but a mere Association of States held, together by the toleration of each of the parties— that each one can stay in as long as he plea*e#:and whenitbecomesirksome,goout? Admittbeproposition of gentlemen that South Careliua can go, and the whole fabric of Governmentis destroyed atonce. I wish, Sir, with all mv hart, that South Carolina could j^o owt and stay out,"for she has acted the part of a disturber of the public peacefor the last thirty years. But, Sir, have gentlemen reflected on the cons-equcneea of their proposition, thatif South Carolina goes out, nothing is to be said, noth- ing tobedono? That all the rest of this great Con- federacy is to imitate the example of the venerable old lady at the head of this Government, who lias no mouth to speak nrai no arm to preserve the Union.* Sjreally does cot choose to have in print. In the Pope, Bvnibino, Louis Napoleon, Francis Joseph, capital sooner than give'up. •.Sometimes, one over follows: tie fact that there is a conservative Senate and Ilotwc recognised and acknowledged, have you any Govern- *••present instance, M. Cayla was ordered to change are all become journalists, newspaper men. anxious to prove a proposriion says sufficient to dis- Mr. PKi.smt.Nr ANO GKNTI.XMKN—-I assure you I of Representatives, and an impartial Judiciary, mtnt, have you auy Constitution, have you any lavrtIris original title, which was The Emperor Pope, to Every day or two we hear fresh talk of the Pope's prove it. standing in the way against Executive en- Admit the right 01 any State to ge out, and you admit I believe, therefore j that the moment has arrived for entertain a very lively sense oft he honor done me in croachment. And yet, with more than one million the right cf all to go out. Would you admit tho *aa»ei t s actual form of Pope and Emperor. M. Cayla is leaving Borne. I fancy that no one believes it. those who desire to emigrate to Mexico to prepare im- calling 011 nieto respond to the sentiment just pro- of conservative men at the North, it is proposed that right in regard to the State of Delaware, of Rhod* loot exactly a Napolconist. The officious Constitu- *' They *?ay that Rossini has composed a now march." mediately for the undertaking, with the full assurance nounced. But, really, looking at the thing in the view faction, the minority, s>hall break up tho Union and in- Island, or any other Southern State? Recollect. Sir,thought. ing their example, tho forces that, under the command te'imined effort to bring them to an acknowl- any State in the Confederacy. Her sacrifices are writ- t h a t t h e E m p e r o r s h o u l d p u t h i m s e l f a t t h e h e a d o f G e n . M a r q u e z , b u d c o m e t o t h e i r r e l i e f f r o m t h e C i t y e d g m e n t o f o u r r i g h t s . ; A c o u n t r y l i k e o u r f e n o n e v e r y p a g e o f o u r h i s t o r y . T h e y w e r e w i t - jof the Church, as he is head of the State. This Come what will of all these braagles, one of Mexico, aiter being defeated,likewise enrolled them- own, t'o which Union is so indispensable to all nessed and felt on every battle-field of our Revolu- would be the fit means'of settling the endless good thing has como. The protests of Brecky, selvcs under the same banner. As jTorPuebla, left a^ parties, ought never to be disposed to magnify injuries tion. Yes, Sir, she was the lode star, in the languagetliat city was without defcnse, it has probably already for the purpose of establishing sectional controversy. of the toast, in the darkest period of the Revolution, .qua r. el about spiritual and temporal of the and' Francis, and the Pope, the political On the contrary, true wisdom, true patriotism, true that clieered the way and guided the ship of State intomandtmentis and pastorals of the . Bishops •pronounced in favor of the Constitution; at all events,Pope, in which France is entangled to her grave it can offer no resistance in caye of an attack. It is not manliness, in my opinion, require that we should, use a safe harbor. She soonest saw the ' Weaknesspolitical embarrassment only because the French (who stump it, us it wen.', from their pul- necessary, in this short summary, to give the details of all and every iiur means to bring that section to a souse/ of the old Confederacy. She was the fh-btChurch i«> under foreign suzerainty. Let thepits, in eloquent arguments favorable to the Pe- the military operations which have brought about these of our rights, and ifthat be the purpose, we eught toter's Pence movement), the long articles of the resulte. What has been said ia suflicieat to ex|>biin the proceed with those manifestations of respect we al-State to prxurc to the people and their pos- terity the blessings of j>eace and liberty. She, both early and late, devoted herself to the task of forming a perfect Union, and in establishing a Govern- ment under which our national glory should be.perpet- uated. She has more interest in the preservation ofHead of tae State in France, then, destroy this clerico-legitimist journals (not always lacking in position of the contending pitrtios at the present time, ways employ when we design to establish the confi-hnperium in impcrio, and make himself what the the best requisites of journalism—except the first and., consequentlyjthe situation of the countiy.dence of others. But I will pursue-this subject nofarther. I have said enough to indicate my own con-vjcticnp. I assure you there is not a gentleman herowho, more than myself, estimates the importance of tl.e Union than any other State. She feels tbat in thethen, I but feebly interpret the feelings of this assem- ueeB which rules the hour, the insane spirit that, with- his predecessors, na^re capable, more entitled, and pos- yen are welcome, thrice welcome, to our board and our into all the horrors of a revolution. • But, gentlemen,importance just now to his thin brochure, but the old skins are strained to bursting; the old clothes most to a certainty that Miramon, iu imitation of one bly,,when I say to the Electors of Bell and Everett, out consideration or consultation, would plunge heriact of its publication. . For though it is quitesolve this Confederacy..' I understand it is simply a least suspected. Should any one doubt it, it is only ne- >rt ? t m .Ex-*P$»»!, Peerlow. z<vdou«, eloquent, tmd tru«. proposition that there has been the election of a Black :aaot approve, it is as true that, with the actual law to public opinion, of discussion and human reason, cessary, in order to be convinced of the truth, to read £hcy have malted, and* ill receive, tho only reward doirublo Republic an President. Now, we forget that a Presi-<m the press, Government can and constantly dues jprevent or punish the publication of such as itare appealing now to the public opinion of Europe, the manifesto which has junt boon published to the na- to tho patriots hciirt: h CPiiBclouanwS of duty well dischurK«ddent, of himself tmd by himself, can do nothing, haswith such argument as they can muster for their tion (the City .of Mexico), iu which he eolomuly pro-tiiid the Ihiukx oi u gru'.ofuJ people. .. ,8 e Q 'no legislative power, can raise no troops, deprive nocause, through the vulgar newspaper press. The tests that he will bury himself under tho walls of the Walter Preston, Esq., of Abingdon, responded as man of Lis liberty or personal property. We forget Why, if"&-uth C&rolinu goes out, and berrixhtijatumnel denies the force of his arguments, and flouts What is it, pray ? The Pope's inarch from Hume that their thoy will be remunerated with inteiestf for of the eternal fitness of things, I do not see that it \n augurate an era of revolution. In the name, of God,the notion of their possible acceptance by the Em- to Jerusalem! any sacrifice they may have so made, doubling iu a altogether proper; for, without having gone to the co not let us be guilty of submission through a long so- upon loans and Treasury notes. Now. admit it is inThe Empress travel* in quietest incognito, as your short-iiuio the capital they take with them. To speak count, I believe the Democratic gain in my district was "H*.oi years and now break up the Government of tho the power of a State to break up the Government, to peror. But wc have not w\uted till now for a first English files will tell you. Her style of Countess de now of the wealth of that almotut virgin eountry, of United States on a mere pretext. Sir, if-a conserva- lre"ak down tjm Constitution, and destroy theExample of unauthorized writers setting forth ideas Mexican society, and character of tho people 111 their larger than in any oilier portion ofthe State. We have,lu Motbe Beuvrou is taken from the name of one of different pursuits, seems to me entirely unnecessary. I may say, the best set of men in tho Democratic party ^ e Congress, if the safeguard of tho Constitution, it'Government ot the United States, and "there-wfcich were flouted at the time by the semi- her husband's Imperial farms. The little Prince All who go will find there the same they leave here, to be found any where, for when they take it-into their the resistance of public opinion, of our own courage by cancel the debt and the obligation «fofficial journals and afterward carried into prac- Imperial is to- have -a company of little soldiers, and fidelity, tire notsufficient to preventaggression, let the Government, and would this Government have and, without offending the most:SUBcept!bie. I may say heads tbey go it sometimes; ou tho ono band, sometimes us meet it, us our fathers did, with lire and ssword, and credit for a dollar in any market:•? Who would holdJice by Government. The Anselm Petetin pam- made up of the enfants dc troupe, of the Grenadiers further, that they will find hospitality and umiubility on the other. But, Sir, to respond to the sentiment, let we eLall receive the applause of future generations. lords of the United States if the doctrine is ono© phleteered and journalized in favor of the annexa- of the Imperial Guard. There was something of such as is found among the Mexicans alone. Of .this me not iorget that I should idso say that I am one of the It may be aggression will come—uncensl.itutio.nul, op- adnittcd and recognized by the?Government that any tion of Savoy, long before and during and after the the kind und<r the first empire, culled Pupils of the truth all unprejudiced and impartial foreigners who laggaian*. . I was not hero to cast my vote. But that piestiveaggusiion. It may be we are to have peace State mav go out when slle 'binks proper, and thusgovernment declaration, that it never had dreamed Guard. That was for the King of Home. Aud have studied the country can give their testimony. was altogether owitig to a mistake, on my part, fori no more in the Union; tbat forbearance now will in- cancel tLe whole obligation, as Soma Carolia*there was something similar under Louis XVI. Trusting, Messrs. Editors, that you wiU grant, me supposed th« gentlemen whom the Governor appointed vite aggrceeion hereafter* I any,-if it comes, meet it piopoifee new to. cancel her debt ? Who is left to<>f any such a thing, that it had altogether given up That was for ihe Dauphin. I saw once at Cham- tho favor to give publicity to this commauicatiou in at the Capitol—in the .3lulls of" tho Federal Legisla- pay it? Upon whom is the application to b©the idea of it, that it should perform the operation your widely-circulated and much-esteenied paper, I re- would have done it. 11never entered into my calcula-bord a beautiful little cannon. That was for the. main, \i>yy respectfully, your obedient Borvaiit, tion that they would decline the honor. I simply came ture. 1 say, tho Black Republicans are only Beckingwith nicest regard to the claims of Switzerland, Duke ofj3ordeaux(j to whom, uiso, this .castle ;fudnu'do .' When would tho Government o( the Unite* JF. 1USIUAUD. ! to dinner. [Laughter.] But, again, the .f|ueBtiott may powerj thoy do not v>ii>L to break up the Government, Stato*. be at liberty to declare war against auy lVwtfFUntitled Documentto repay bis investigation * until he comee to the Presi-dential election of I860, when a brighter prospectbuists upon his view. There is •something to relieve more, for this is the proper place for ihem. Wc have the dreary monotony of Democratic misrule, and the but two parties in the State now, and they, are thesion, all I have to pay on the subject i:«, that, let butconferred on me than to*call on me to respond to ibethey have come here, aud on behalf of the party I bid themwelcomehere. Iamonlysorrvtherearcnot.thih Gpvcrnuseut has been supported twenty-five yeans n~«^.^..».wtfwtirnv/jw)"';>v, •-..:-'rf."-....>:.'"-fy,.;-.,-.7.*r.'K->T«'n^>,^->'.'*Ayi'W'.'.«^W';•'<•••'•'<'---'--' a^x^vrir^vt.•.r.Mj'.-S, ^''.'- :%•• •-•«h<Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^a>W^t*i**^.». .www.fultonhistory.comV.'-f-''''^*'UV\V;J:*V-• " 'v>,f;:^1 . ""-.-*-•••>"• v. - - 