 ;Untitled Document:fame and the metropolitan prominence of the city ol" its location. .The folowintr are the names of the graduating cla38;Alu-n, Thomas fi.„.Tioga Co , N. Y. j Balcli, Galu.-tha li., Clin- ton Co . N. V.; Banks, Uuoigo B , Queens Co., M. Y.; Barrett, >"dwajd B., A. B., lytassachun^tis; Backer, Phanett O., On«idd C'n.,N. Y. ; Bennett, William ("!., A. B., ConnticMctit; Biigardui, John C. Ulster Co., N. Y ; BOW!K8, Stephen \V., A. M., Ma««a- chn*e|t»; Bii»(>b, Samuel W., New-York City; Bump, Orlo My- ion, Nebraska; Carrineton, CI>ailen, Connecticut; Cnaite, Seih Ionian, Connecticut; Cooper, Robert. New-York City; Co-veil,;It is reported that the Seventh Regimenl expect to go into camp this Summer, and a movement is on foot to present '.he Regiment with a full c*iup equ<page onthe pa'rt of tbe merchants of New-Y ork. Fiye thousand dol ars would do the thing Messrr. Jamws lien wick, "Richard M. Hunt, and Joha W. Ritch went up to Al- b^ny yesterday to argae in favor of the pasaage of Mr. Webster's act to provide against unsafe buildings in the City of 2s"ev-York, now pending in the Assembly. Dr. Hayes has received about fifty applications from persons desirous of visitiog the Arctic regions with him. Tbe Doctor, however, will n*ve to disip- point most of them, as l»is 100-tun schooner can onlyvion commensurate with the aibtiict and in proportion to it • able Faculty, in a manner worthy of its establishedAnglo-Saxon...., Ali Ivw ••••••••••* Nova Scotian North American. f-ttxon'aI I6f ,ill living. Mr. Halt commented to some extent upon deliberation, concluded to hold Sergeant Ray in $1,000 yihe course adopted by Sir John Franklin. He pro-•wioh tho production of ever-cbaotierYil Sa'ure, who Maiia Unlin, was picked up last evening, at the corner continually delights in new combinations; who putsOV.VCILMBN.vand furs, tbey *\ould endure it.tWprim pavement w w referred t«>the. Committee Judge DAJ.y resigned the chair to Mr. CDD-LIST or KILLED.S. Shacff of Easton, the builder of the boiler and en-j. A resolution to pave Great Jor.es R>,reet cost amounting to $30,973.MINOR CITY ITKXS—The Bricklayers of this city publicly fcive notice that, as their employers are es- tmating on -work, and they do not vrish to tike them at an unfair advantage, on and 9.fter April '2they -will acquire an increase of 35 cents a day, mikuag the wages the old standard of $'2 A number of boxmakers, •who contemplate the formaii' >n f a Boxmakers* Or-boxmakers in regard to .^wages, met on Wednesday sight, in Avenne A. The y are dissatisfied with the boxmaking business, Twvl are resolved to extend a helping hand to each otb ©r in case of an emergency. A X^onMnittee w a s apr pointed De make farther ar-rangements for a permanent organ iaationCompany A, Hth F.egimetst, -Capt. E. Simon, will make-an-excursion to Philadelphia soma time in May tjext. The compac.y will take on mxty-eight rifles and A band, r.nd wilt r>e absent three days The Austra- l i a n , the large»>t propeller in the world, is hourlying. Wm. H. Anthon summed up for the detense, of Capt. "jjoXlmtoek, Senators Pa^h, Cbaae, aud oth- New-York w as reported favorably.hesds, Fletcher Mstbews; Corainjt. George W Pratt; Penn YAC,S. C. Cleveland; Hamilton, N W. Case; Oxford, Horatio H, away by a portion of tbe boPer.Cook; Bingburnton, Benjimin Devoet; ScottsviPe, Goo. E Slo- Mr. Richard Holcombe of IJelvidere, one of the pro-0gan>T»don Jor the arnelioTat;* ,n of the condition of therow b'ing ready at New-London, up through Hudson be held on their own recognizances to appear as wiv Straits to the places where traces of Sr John's party had been dircovered. He thought there was but little doubt ihat some survivors would be found among the Esquimaux in these regions. He was sure that he couldgve&mere this,evening Tee Sens of St. Patrick are going tc have a gay ume next Saturday we«k, in honor 0> their patron saint. The t$th Regiment, Col. .Coroosen, "Will- parade, and the Brigade Lan- COTS TwiH be the wcort of Col. Corcoran,property of value. Upon one of the handkerchiefs was marked the name of Folke, and the supposition is that tbe property was stolen. Tbe fellow'was locked up.Officer Willis of the Tenth Preciuct last night ar- rested a fellow giving his name as George Schloser, •who -wDl act as Brigadier-General..—-On Moa- onsuspicionofbnrg'ariouslyentering,bymeansofation,onadjourning,resolvedtostandbytheChicago misfortunes. Various,cfcourse,willbotheopinionsnominee, be he whom he may. Below, please find a exprf s?ed on tbis point. Censure will be cast, where,in all p-obability, it doe^ not belong. We have en-bail tDanswer the charge of assault andbittery withposed, with ten or fifteen man, to go in the Rescue,in'-tnt to kill. Capt, Farrayut and Lieut. Mitchell will nes*es at the next sitting of the Grand Jury in April*corporate the National Hall Democratic Association of DCTCHKHS—William A Van Wagner. into tbe air, was terribly lacerated, aud fell dead intoj and announced to the passers by tha'. he intended to ont&ide of the door, and after abstracting tbe moneyjleap into eternity from that particular stand-point. The from the pockets thereof, lelt them on tbe stairs. He attencmg their .most ennobling and arduous of profes-1. Reiolctd, That the present Federal Administration i* ro- Of the d^ad we wish to s-ty not one unkind word, buti -person having charge of the bridge aided by others, wa* locked up for examination. induced Mr. Willie to descend and take formal leaveprolligat* pebemes for enriching its favorites and exhausting upon mem the public monejs, it makes no effort to extricate the' Treasury from its embarrassments, except by temporary ex- pedients to postpone and taereby increase the public debts, to be paid by its successors.gone beyond the effect of human censure—the latter mu-t. still pais thi8 ordeal. The mischief waa done by tbeburctirg of the boiler. Was it defective, or built out of impr«?per material 1 From the ltpe of Mr.The names of the recipients of the several prizes the box, leaving a long, narrow chamber to REPUBLICAN CENTRAL CAMPAIGN CLUB. were greeted with the loudest applause.receive tbe letter, from whicD, upon the failing *fh« regular meeting of tbe Republican Central Dr. ALEX. H. STEVENS,-ex. President of the College, of the lid, it slides into the box below Campaign Club warfheid at Clinton Hall last evening, antounetd that be would himself establiah a prize ofTbe German Society jjtare that 1,457 emigrants ar- Ah. joszrH BLUNT in the cbair.The Committee appointed at tbe last meeting to pre-rived at ibis port during February, of whom only 245 pare a resolution in reference to the oiyan'Z&tiou ofwere German, wbile-767 were Irish. Tne mmber of Campaign Clubs, reponed tbe following preamblesdestitute Germans applying for relief was mach larger and resolution, which were adopted:during the part month than in the corresponding pe<-iod Wherta*. Th« Legislature of thin Stut«, hiving reference to$lC0ior !'The best preparation, or series of prepara- " tionh, illmtrating. the physiology and pathology of " the larynx "Mr. SETU LYMAN CHASE of Massachusetts, memberof ihe Graduating Class—elected to the Irmor by hisclastmates—then proceeded with an effect ve, well-nues named in this hill for the purchase of the omnibuses, horses, und other appurtenances u>>ed by them in operating said lines, or for incemuy to such owners and corporators for taeloxg or injury which will be sustained by the operation of saia rail- road.After the Clerk had commenced calling the yeas and nays, tho President decided the motion not in order, as ibe Senate had ordered tbe third reading without de- bate or amendment.Mr. Connolly then moved simply to recommit with- out, instructions, wh^ch was lost—15 to 17, as folio-vs: YEAS—Messrs. Abel), Bell, Colvin, Connolly, Ferry, Gar- diner, Manicne, Montgomery. Munron, P. f. Murphy, Pressor,Ramsey. Botch, Truman, w illiams—15.NAYS—Meiers Blood, Fiero, Ooss, Grant, Hammond, Hill-houiie, Kelly, Ketcham, Lapham, Lawrence, MnGraw, J. M. Murphy, Richmond, Robeiuon, Sessions. Spinola, Warner—17. Mr. Piosfccir moved to recommit, wiih instructions toamend t>y ij serring the following amendment:Should the profit* of the ia*lroad hereby authorized exceed 15 \IIT cent upon the coat .there of, the fare pr passengers •hull b<5 so r*du««r d that the net prclits sh»ll not exceed 15 per cent on the coht, and the corporator* and their assigns shall make annual statements to the Stnte Engineer and Survevor of their o.ipLal paid in, ihe gross earnings, their expenses, and their net prorr.r.8 Risolved, That tbe delegation from this State to the Na- co*8t of Africa for a cargo of " Ebony."••7, KeMolved, 1 nat wo accept tfle invitation tendered by the pense is to be undertaken for, is a question which no dhecttd to muse airangemenU with the owner., und corporators tional Convention at Chicago, upon the time and principles set rumor on tbe s'reet is that she is to go to the westof all omnibus line* running through any of the streets and ave- forth in the call of said Convention.tH«- irinoval of the population from the lowrr to the uppor par znar.ic l>i»trictn, nearly »»quolifl population ; and.H'hcrras, The Common Council ho» trc agnized the propriety o' thi- by waking th»-iu Ai^ettibJy Dintrictn, thud obliterating the Ward division tV,r <<V practical nnrpoce-H ; andIVhtrra*, Jt IKright and expedient that political representation wboold bear proportion to numerical population ; thereforewritten Valedictory Address. THOMAS M. MARK^K, of last year; only 46 individuals could be provided of thin city, «vitb a view to dividing the city into neventeen Alder- M. D., Alumnus of 1811, conc'uded tbe exercises of theTHEHUNGARIAN.whh work. "The present month begun more favorably in this reKpect> ao laborers are in demand by farmers. ....Capt. Williamson of the Fourteen Ji Precinct Po-evening with au address to tbe Associate Alumoi pres- ent, which was listened to with gre-»t interest.Tbe appearance of the graduating class, the cbaraf. ter of tbe exercises, and various facts stated during tbe evening, rendered it evident that " The College of Physicians and Surgeons," the most honored and ven-From The Toronto Globe of March 6.W e are sorry to learu tbat tbe fate of Mr. Talbotand bis newly-married wife is no longer doubtful. Dr. Martin of this city has received a letter from Mr. Tal- bot's sister in Dublin, which mentions that he sailed by ibe Hungarian. His sister, who was married on tbe 26th of January to Mr. J. W. Nicholson, of St. Jobn, N. B., did not accompany him.Mr. Marcus Talbot was the escond eon of Mr. Henry W. Talbot of Kingstown, and Mayboro', Ireland, pro- prietor of The Leimter Express, who died lately. Born in 1831, and becoming acquainted with bis fath- er's busmer-s, Marcus emi^rated'to Canada in l&M, aud was connected for a few weeks with the editorial staifbce has given orders to his policemen to clear the cor-ners of all collections of rowdies. A good example P«h'u clubs so &s to rfive to each Alterably District represent* etab e of our medical institutions, is conducted by anhuolved, That it b«; recommended to tho«e Aisembly District • that are not identical with tbe Wardu to form RepubllCin cam-Leave.....Portland... ....New-York. ...Portland... ...Portland...For. Date.. .Liverpool. .. March 10 .Liverpool. ..March ISLiverpool. ..March 17Liverpool. .March 24A*W'KVWfM k* v>i'*CM(t>V4^ri-Mi t-i*^ *mKEW-YORKDAn.Y /TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, MAitCH 9,1860.«—t TITII—.W nTHE EXPLOSION ALFRED.M— ir-"- My i *» ••SB? * '•••<• M (fir •'••last twelve y«ars the morhilUyKamoI1K tho men who M E W - Y O K K rooni for assembling, a Teacher'.' room, and it meeting b«d gone tbeTo did not exceed, three per cent, and of J LL E G I S i i A T U R E * . «•-"••»••*• VA W J J *CANAL APPOINTMKNTfl.The C&nal Board made the following appointmentsthi»» morning:Collector*.—-New-York, G«o. H. Mcte,»<r; Albany, Ira Porter:West Tro?, TP. H. l'owoll; Sch«n«<',t«<ty, Andrew Y. Curner;ON THE THOMAS.STEAMBOAT.rday afternoon; Mr. Jonee, the Preei- room of the School Officers. The third floor ia divided the 63 vessels bnt one ha<>. been lost. .The scurvy n*ir. Mr. C&»pbeU introduced a resoK„ into class-room8. The entire buiidiog ia heated by could now be prevented,!^ the UBe.0t preserved ineat^,> ib»Sii"eet,Ct>r»tDiw!on«rto a d v e r t s for means «f hot water furnaces placed in tho collar. vegetables, and fratta*. fhe cold was no serious obsi> cle to ordinary work.. u e wonld comoaence h's opera- .o pnt np an iron railing aroand the V/or-h There is no fire used above the cellar floor. The tions when the ther'J l o m ..t e r ^ ^ between 40y aud 50°at. Re&rred to Committee on A'.td and budding cost $19,473; tbe site cost $11,500, the total below zero; ^}\,u enow hu's, pleniy of animal foodSEN A TE.... A i . i u ^ March 8, YS60. Remonstrances were presented against special grantsThe Eatton(Pa ) Free Press brings us a fall acsotwt•v-IHE rTElF.W TVBUSBXD•' IB r f l WW tBM TXIBtrXB B ST.* '. ' '- *»«KK- Mm* itilrtrrtt to Cirj mbMatfbtn, ffiperayfi A VERY LARt I* pt»Wished every SA Mr azmnm, ioadvanc 9*; Ten Copies for $ any larger numter at 1**pies to address ot * Hierateof 9120 earb twenty or more, will 1 josry oommencc at anjXdvertitoaaesta in J JulRPXRLlNJCfor-T H K N J WC& CAlJFORNrAon tb« d* «t 0 1 90 p«r tu. :ifijeJffA Sermon to tfa.c ietian Ct<ur<*it, bet we.- VAN DOKEN, J'wt- J U M T T L i . N E X ' / , o>ek>ca.*f A n d r e w ,"~~VZttb, 4tp-*m- Ther SBSr >*mo*eof the mo,/>i*wta»is-A W • * jtaumn, will b* <-••*Clo«k) tu. the. BAJJH •or. Downing, by th«yttxm at IQj o'clock. A Miffftionary! iusd*y>EV£.NjMi, J Maduon-av. and 'l \ expected from Bishop«. will b« taken m beha.;«Vt the IncbrinrJi bo tne usual Kebi- w . 1'empeiai.ce MeeUJj,Baptist Cunrch. i a, th« Rev MiK.v; l j a. in. and 7J p. m.i CbrlH-ian A*mo< i . c«ckerancl Morton i *n alfMawillpreach1 " i tau free, bible ci«,Cburch on the a, -will preac.ipl^e, X'0->1 sorvices commer.<<t Dr. A n n l i a K e , f«Jirill pr«<u;h on ai .ND.HCnapel, comer of Bros• *TMt«w -• - - .JSI«hte«nth »tr« rill preach in this el •'clock- 'ihoRev. U.mihina Mission, aid oth j^NQ. herviccs to com£ First Indepcndc Sq Mtcorneroldloatiwi * O Y E o will di.cour».•jlgioa." Beau free.4 FInst Conjrrefrac *««*r Hoyt-sc, Brookiy J©iG at 1«J, and in the £ "". MACOMBER. buF i m t R e f o r m e d ^ • to City n*n), BroosJj * «i H o'clock p. m. r VORD, D. U., ot ScaoJPorsyth-et. M. EBlA wai preajib m U next at lo+ o'clock. Tl tho EVl^NiNo at 7j Jieeting will be held m addresses will be delr/ejMissionary from Cfc iaa,Jobn-flt. M. >:. < ^SfOKMNO.snd E \ K>4 JAJSEb, eomnjencir: .* a g p.m. Union Pray, r 1Memorial Churci •lace —AheJbi^nt k v . , of tho North W«»:. . IIVENINO. SoTTiceslM r . Frotitin«baja .m Broadway ami <Uc at.iNG b«xt, at the usUai fa Whole Uuty oTMan." fjomd Fam.."^Mr. Urban C. RnII, at the Disciples Mee trom 6th-*v., at it^ a. m. " ReJi«k«i--VVhat Is ItJaacoT1^In.Cora£Tv717M Jttroadway, bUND usual, comm«ncins atLATE ITEMS.—Last night about 12 o'clock, aa two live an>where where this man (pointing to Mr. Cud- gentlemen were walking leisurely down Brocuhvay, lockdehue) could.. H e intended to go there aud stayQKKKNB—faerjamin W . Downing, Gordon Plumruer, W . J . Samuel Yates. Easto^), had his leg broken, and waa Sajvres also much wo inded; died on Taesday n'ght.near Murray street, one of them espied a ioagb-koking man, apparently under the influence of liquor, drag- ging a trunk from an area-way into which it'had fallen. On being asked what he was abowt, and where he was going, tbe fellow replied that " fee wouldcatch h—11 in the morning; that he was carrying a trunk for his sis- ter over to Brooklyn, and had fallen down into thethere two years and a half, and bring hack some news of the survivors, if possible.Jucce DAL Y stated that Capt. Bnddington had lived with-the Esquimaux for a year, and had brought with him on his last voyage one who was anxious to see ihis cooniry. Tins Esquimaux informed him that he tuffered no, inconvenience from our climate; he in- tended to return tbiB Spring.RICHMOND—Arraham W . Winant, Jacob B. Wood.SUFFOLK—Richard W. Smith. Valentine Schooley of Eaaton, dangerously hurt;Tbe assembly did not separate until nearly 11 o'clock exacted to arrive at the Canard, do:k, Jersey Ci:y. cellar."' The gentleman told lum that, he did not be- p.m. C-ipt BuddiDgton informed us that Mr. Cud--Sae waebuih &>rthe A«wtraiiin iuail<packet service, lieve his story, and should arrest him. Upon whish lockdehue bad drawn some chaits of his coasts, whichMr. COJN NOLL Y introduced a bill to appoint Com- Mather. Jo»eph B. Nones, Elijah H. Riker, John H. Piatt,misfiohers to lay out tba£ portion of the Cir.y of Ne w- Zephaoiah Piatt, Abraham O. Satter, "Wm. W. Stephenson, W^m. severe injuries about the bead.Van Rook. Thomas A. Wbittakers,George Woodman, Washing- P. Bercaw of Eaeton had a leg broken.Yor* lying north of Ooe-hundred-and-fiftietQ street, ton vvhcelwrijiht, Judah P. Currio. Solomon Mclutire, colored, of Belvid«r*>, terribly-and to change the plan of the strests and avenues ly- Tbe Rev. Dr. Cobn ff the Jewish Temple, South cut aLd bnised about the face and head, and anna ana ing between OoehuDdred and-txenty-Qfch and One- Pewrl street, bas had a call to go and minister-to a con- body scalded.hundred-and- fifty-first streets, east of the *Tooth av- gregation in San Francicco, California. Should hethe fellow remarked: "You aiut able." At this weie more reliable than tboie of the Admiralty. been lately bco.ght by the Canard Company for their moment, Officer Flynn, Sixth Ward, came up, an«lcoi elude to accept the call, Albany will have lost aud Eawaro Mclntire, colored, of Easton, badly wounded San Francisco gained ft very learned and eloquent about ihe h^a*.and for a ehorf, time -was u*ed as each, bat eho haser ue, and west of the line fifty feet east of the old Kingbbridge road, mnning para'Iel with said road.Tbe bill to prevent tae sale of fraudulent passengerCOLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS— • ANNUAL COMMENCEV1ENT.The exercises attending the Fifty-third Annual Com- mencement of the College of Physicians,and Surgeons weie btld last eveivng in the Rev. Dr. Parker'sChurch, corner of Twenty second street and Fourth avenue. Tbe Church was filled above and below, the middle pews being, as usual, reserved for the Alumni and members of the Graduating Class.On tbe stage were Dr. Edward Delafield, President of tbe College; Prof. A. H. Stevens, M. D.; Prof. Robert Wattr, M. D.; Proieseors Parker. Oilman, and other members of the Faculty.Alter an imprci-sive prater by the Rev, Dr. HoGUK, the narar.H of the graduating class were called, 55 in number, to whom tue' President, Dr. DEI.AFILD, administeredtheHippocraticoath. Thedegreeswereday noon, at Hertford, Conn., a person cal'ing skeleton key, the room of Henry Penning, No. 83 then conieried, am d the applause of the numeroushimeelf a N. ,"W»l)w, and bearing the appearance Forsyth street, on the night previous, and stealing friends of the young gentlemen leceiving them The•of * gentleman, asosnded the draw of the toll-bridge thereirom $50. The thief took Mr. P.'s pantaloon* President then proceeded with his charge to the newly-created M. Ds. Ho porcrayed in vividAndrew Mehck of Belvidere, arm broken.Joseph Losey of irVa^hington. N. J., of the firm of Van l3oren & Losey, wan slightly injured.Frederick Wicbler of Belvidere, severely injured.Be« jamin Yonells of Easton, had one leg broken ia two places, and injured other wiee.Henry Medler of Easton, terribly scalded, and in* jured otherwiue.Richard Williams and Robert Burrell of Eaaton, slightly inJQied.MISSING. William Sharp, jr., of Belvidere.Arthur K^esler of Easton. Stewart Beatty of Eaetorj.CAUSE OF THE ACCIDENT.This is the most difficult and delicate part of all suchserriie, and it is expected she Wkll make regular •trips in fofcere between this port and Liverpoollearning tbe suspicious circumstance atttending the case •took the man in custody and conveyed him to the Sta-tickets was sent to a third reading.Adjourned.divine.NEW-JERSEYThe ateamecB of the Merchants' Line (opposition) com- iion-House. The prisoner gave his name as John Mc-REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.STATETaented ihdr regnkar trips last evening. The eteamera» n this lane are the Knickerbocker and Hero TheIlvey or Mcllvee, but refused to" give any account of bin.self. The trunk, upon examination, was found to contain several fine articles of ladies*1 apparel, a small-ASSEMBL Y .A communication and resolution was presented fromthe State of California, on the subject of the Pacific Kailroad. On motion of Mr. MILLER, it was referred to a Sptciil Committee of Five.Mr. HWIGHT reported a bill to provide that the Supervisors of Richmond County may hear and setcle all claims ti-e St»te, the Commissioners of Emigra- tion, or individuals may. have againnt the county for damage or loss of any property by the burning of the Quarantine buildings It authorizes tbe Lieutenant- Governor, Attorney-General, and Controller to act on behalf of the State.Mr.WILEYintroducedresolutionsinfavorofalaw of Congress for the payment, of the pensions and c)aims of tbe soldiers of the War of 1812.The following buls we>e considered in Committee of the Whole, ana1 ordered to a third reading:To <e*empt eewing-machines, weaving-looms, and family etoves from levy/tnd sale under a writ of exe- cut'on.To'autborize the construction of a railroad in towns of Westchester County.&<v, -was recommitted on motion of Mr. Van Horn, witb instructions to the Committee to reoort a bill to authorize Boaxds of Supervisors to fix the fees for pub- lication and eelect the papers in which to publish, the tame.Mr. WOODRUFF moved to recommit the bill to in- corporate ihe New-York German Liwderkranz, to be reported complete. Agrfed to.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune."Prancii Skiddy, having been thoroughly overhauledand refitted, w/ill take her place in the Troy line of hized gold watch, a quantity of bijouterie, and otherTRENTON, N. J., March 8, 1860. The Republican State Convention met this day, agreeably to notice, about one thousand delegates being in attendance. The beet of feeling and utmost harmony prevailed; hearty cheers were given for Messrs. Day- ton, Pennington, Seward, and Winter Davis; every- thing was done decently and in order, and the Conven-Amej.i'jansthe use of t.he Resolute lor the-parpose ofcontiT uin<r the search for Franklin But even nov he aand pergonal property at auction.To protect boarding-house keepers, by giving theaithe right to retain baggage fo» board.Tbe bill to amend the Poor laws of Kings Countyw»s pasped.Mr. J. McLEOD MURPHY introdused a bill to in-Olcott P. Bonrdman; Boonville, Lucius Childs; Higjjins, Arch. prietors, waa thrown into the water, being greatly dis- Hess; CoDeadea, John W. DncIL figured and wounded, died in a short time after beingThe following notaries have been confirmed by the taken on dry land:Jndge Wm. R. Sharp of Belvidere, also one of theSenate: proprietors, was taken dead out of the boat, having ALBANT-^-Thomas Hastings, G. Dudley Von Vliet, N. Davi« eevere wounds about his head.Wendell.COMJMBIA—F.Hsha Moore. George Smith, painter of Eaaton, waa blown highdid 'flot believe that all the 105 men of Franklin's Ex-sions. They could not, like tbe articitu, confice them- A German woman, t50 years of age, named Ann eeives to tbe routine ru^s of practice; they bid to deal' ol the crowd before a tinal separation; whereupon anofficer arretted him and took him to the look-up. Mr. of Grand and Orchard streets, in an insensible condi- together ifae soul and body of man in suchamauaer Willis claims to be a citizen of New-York, and to have tion, and conveyed to tbe Tenth Precinct .Station- as to mske eveiy cpnetitution a ne w and curious stidvThe bill to amend the law regulating the fees for thefor the pbyweian. He was a rash man who would left home under the iuftuence of bad spirits On House, where she expired in about a quarter of an dare p.pproacb ibis wonderful conformation without'Wednesday evening, tbe members ©f the Jewish race hour thereafter. Dr. Wells thought that her death Jong trtoinng and earnest determination to be true to celebrated tbe festival-ol Purim, which:is held ia was caused by apoplexy. tbe legitimate purposes of his profession.tbi> time of profound peace within its revenues, and raising by tbe. build* r ol the engine and boiler, that the boiler waa proper revenue laws the amount necessary to'defray its prooerexpenKes^—and we particu ariy demand a tariff, wbich shall insufficient.abundantly protest the lab^rand industry of the country fromihe degraoing aDd ruinous competition of European labor.3 lienolved, That the purity of tbe ballot-box is essential to'•commemoration of the deliverance of the Isra- About a week ago, a well-dreersed young man en-Prof. J. M. SMITH, M.D.,tbenannounced the prizesthe peipeluky of our institutions; th=u th°> election fr-wchiie isone of the most sacrei rights bequeathed to us by our aucesters;that thosr* who attempt to nullify or impair it commit virtual quantity of Pte*m waa exhausted, time was required to treason sgsinst American institutions, and th«it we trust thepresent House of Representatives will inves'igate. and expose toEublic condemnation any instance in which the Executive ha*elites from the wickedae*-} of ilaaoan, through gaged board at No. 281 Hudson street, but having no awarded for the two beet graduating theses presented during the year. Tbe first pr zw, of $50, was g.ven tothe intervention of liordecoi and Esther luggage with him, was requested to pay weekly in ad- Er«)<L e MahOi», A. B., of this city, for theris on '. Iin-put in water aud generate steam. This fact waa cor-ro:orateu by thiee o- fotfr machinists in our presence.When, th-ie'oie, the b<"at did not succeed to getthrough the r>pda at her first trial, her steam got toolow ind t-he bad to lie to lor a tiaae. Steam was then i pent rated and the fines became heated aloust to a redM»yor Wood atfvertieea that " the rooms heretofore vance, which be oid. Day before yesterday, the name- Krforate Anus;" the second, of $25, to Eimand Ctr- The bill locating Schuyler County building at Havana ie Ver Menlen of New-Jersey, for a thesis onoccupied as a Police Court in the basemext 3f the Ci'j leas boarder was suddenly missed, when suspicion was W88 taken up. A long debate ensued upon i% w^rmStrangers' Pio'.ection Burean. Persons of integrity been robbed of $40 worth of clothing. Last night the eral Pathology of Cancer;''of Oourtlandt Hoffin A.•will be placed In cnarge, qualified to give all neces-iaiy absconding individual was seen in a saloon in Canal B., on " Foetal Innoculation;" cf Edward J. Ford, on. " Diagnosis."infoimauonin any or eiuier of the Continental UG- street, and arrested by Officer Parsons of the Eighth Tbe mnnificent prize, founded by Jacob Harsen, M. guageR." As tbe ordinance creating the bureau ha3 Ward, at the instance of Mr. Gill. The accused gave D.. an alumnus of the College, appropriating a $50 not yet passed tbe Common C.uncii, is not the above bis name as Simmons, and was locked up. gold medal and a sum of money not less than $100," to the undergraduate who sha-l, in eaeh year, pre- nthrr premature ? Vas*. heaps of manure, colecied FIK-E IN EAST TWENTY-SIXTH STREET.—La^t night pare tbe best written report"of the clinical instructionHall will be, as soon as.practicable, directly connected at once aroused that he wai a thief. An examinationwith the Mayor's Office, and used as an Emigraut was made, and Mr. E. L Gill discovered that he had Faculty: those of E B. Barrett, A. B., on "The Gen- qu*Mion, the bill was ordered to a third reading.from the stree&e by tbe Ci«.y Inspector's "Department, (at .U o'clock a tire broke out in a frame stable belong-m the !Ne«-York Hospital during the four months pre-ceding Commencement"—this prize, it was announced unused, in want of bayers. Wfiere are the farmers of Twenty-sixth stree*. The stable was destroyed, and by Prof. A. CLAUK, M D., bad been unanimouslyand piled up nt tbe public dumping grounds, are lying ing to Benry Scbatl'er, in the rear of No. 151 Ei3tJersey ac>d Long jshtnd I John Patrick has devised a hixoyK-i atrti «-!!^v'ai d plan to prevent the picking ofthe lamp-post tatter-boxes. The act of lifting the lid doses the ap*>Unre through which let, .era slide intoa horse, valu-d at $100, burned to death. Insured in awarded to J. Lawrence U'c^s of this State. It wastbe Rutgers Insurance Co.PUBLICstated that the HarseiFund was in so prosporous a c<nditionthat next year a second prize of $25 would he probbbly ofi'ered lor tte second-best report of the same kind.and fai's a'so and will foil tJ derive from its immense national cion as io what, is to be done with her. It is given outMEETINGS.out'of order. Mr. C. then moved to recommit the bill,with inttructions to amend, by inserting tbe followingdomains the greatest good for the greatest number of its citizens, unri' it shall grant by law an adequate Homestead to every actual settler upon the public lands.that she is to be overhauled, «nd her power increased go as to increase her epeed, but what tbis great ex-language the duties, ambitions, joys," and sorrows" Opium " The following theses were also mentioned as receiving bigh commendation at tbe bauds of therought the power end patronago of the Government into con- opposition being madeoy Mr. MILL IKE tf to tbe hill. flict with tbe purity of elections.afterward to London, where he became editor and Mr. WM. II. FRY was loudly called for, and deliv- Charles H., Washington Co., N. Y.; De Leon, John Ponce, question was put, and the ruling of the chair sustained, proprietor of The Prototype.accommodate one astronomer, one surgeon, two mates, and alliance with Slavery. He maintained that. Re- Kftnnedy, David, California; Langworthy, D. A., Allegany Co , Proiser Willi MU>. Ir.s affairs, and there married Jessica, daughter of the W Mimas. N. Y..; 1 eavitt. William W ., Massachusetts: Little, Jaraos L.., The bill was then put upon its firal reading, and :one steward, one cook, and six sailors. publicans had something to do, and something to look Kind's Co , N. Y.; Moray, Thomas K . Kings Co., N. Y.; Mason, late Capt. Hugh Eccies of thB city, who perished witnfor beyond bel et in mere abstractions—they must look Ersklne. A. B . New-York City; Mathews, David, SulLivan pasted '20 to 12) as follows: him on the Hungarian She was a youn^r lady poe- San—Rlnei... 6.23 i Se?«A*or-place, in charge jfr'ine Bervice every ©jtlfRlDA* E\'JBiN^«| Aif aro invited. Seats 1•'Uimxn. WoRKiKGHJEJf's STATE CENTRAL COM- for, and aim a^ter, power, and having once got it keep Co,N. Y.: McKce, James O., New-York City; Morse, B. W.,, i',and with italways remember that tbe moment tiie. Chemung Co., N. Y.; Mudie, Archibald F., New-Ycrk City;J«lTT£.K.'—An advtrcjmsinent in toe papers for gsveral Miuviek, Geo. A., New-York City; Perkins, vViiH^m S. C , Con-YEAS-Messrs. Blood, Colvin, Fiero, Grant. Hammond, Kelly, fcesfiing much ol the ability of her family, ani excelling Ketcham, Laphfim, Lawrence, McGriw, Munroe, J. M. Mnrpny,Raxiisey, Riobmoud, Robertson, Kotcu, Sessiona, Spiuoli, Pru- in all the accomplishments of her sex. Aae der brother man. Warner. oi Mr. Talbot, .lames, Came to tbis country io 1855,NA YS—Messrs. Ahell, Bell, Connolly, Ferry, Gardiner, Goss, and was aleo a contributor to The Globe, for some time.MlWlATOUK HIOH WATKRALMAAAC.6:00 | Moon Riue«... 9 07 THI8 DAY.inierests of tbe skilled mechanic and artisan began to nect! ut; rinkney, Howard, A. M , Now-York City; Pomeroy, day sf past announced the fact that «ome time during cotfer onder its domination iis fall wa3 inevitable. Oren D., Connecticut; I'ooley. James II., Westchester C o ,wHU b» the subject of{yesterday ithe hour not bein^de-iguated,i toe " Central Commi'.tee of the United Workingmen " of this S^a'.e would bo'u a meeting in New-York (toe p'aoe of meet- ing not de<jignat«d), for tbe purpose of taking eom>i action in reference to the strike of the Lynn shoe-makers. The notice is signed by " J. C. Wittenberg, Chairman State Central Commiute."W e have taken the paios to inquire, and have ascer- tained that no such organization exists, except, per- hape, in tbe person of tbe " Chairman" himself. Just before election the Committee becomes very vigorous, and now and then encc^edo io makiog verdrtnt aspirants for office believe that it is \fery powerful, and (proddedthe cash of tbe candidate is placed in its keeping) CAQ do wonders for its friends. Ims united working.man,Adjourned.GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY.N. Y. ; Potter, David T , r>ew-York City; Prius, Peter, Spain; Richards, Joseph B., Oneida Co., N. Y.; Ryerson .John <J., A.M., Nfcw-Jei>iey; Samson, Charles M., tCm^v Co., Nf. Y.; Seeds, O. Henry,'A. M.. Kentucky; Seymorir, Elbridge G . Jef-Hillhoni-e, Maiiierre, Moi.tgomeiy, P. P. Murphy, Prjsser, Wil iuniF.He was drowned with Mr. Selby Cameron, in Humber Bay, while on a fishing excursion. He was ored to tbe Jaw, and gave promise of success in tbe professionli»RROW EV£>LN< Wevlval JIa«ic-_idjltioual Tunes, m&ki ri«»m new. - Tim. is u: published, and ahouiu toroughout the land.Just issuod byMouth Bapriar ( h iava.—TheRev. A. U. tj . the Pastor, will preaca 1NG and EVE.M.Ntr. 1.VEN1NG of NEXT 'O'clock. Baptism or: Sal;~"St. Ann'8 ChnrrhJ Roctor, 18th-st., near ^ni f-r others wiling to promj ji m. The Rev. Dr. D( -CiTurch, willpr«eu:h Tt8t. Ann's Church7. in^tot-sts.).—Tne Re^^ea tjecce, preach to Childrel""St. Stephen'n'GunlServices at 10J a m. aid VIANv-E of rhiladelooil • « OB WEDNESDA Y.WEDNESDAY at Ij Pl; "SaaiHel, the ithe closing discourse of I Church, betweou 6tb miJfastor, TO-MORROW Sermon in the M O R N l N |Sunday, March: i Methodist l*rot<v.t! Gtand-su M. P. Church.NKW-Y. oax.— A ttoruvyl T H U S . EASTON j 3 p. •* tboRev.E. W1THEV.WtlXlAHUBVKOH.—Cl Itov. E. WITIJEY; 3p KOT. S. A. BAKER, audWuXlAXaBCKKU.—Gl . \ **v. 8. SALSBURV; oyoning, the Res-. E. N.'•Ai WHJJAXSB CKK.- GotJ.^/. SMITH .evemn,Koy. J. S. KlNGSLAtWlluuUXSHtRtut.—i *»»• J. J. SMITH.. _Wiw-yoaK—lfoJi.u. B ^ A l N T f c i Lt u u t m w s - T h e Kel ^TbtHMUX* Co«3| —J Z!^o Peopled I*VE*tY «3o>Arr , ,«w«ryt« bo Extended]2srii'^.J~ JrtTfp. m.j ^ g b >n the erenin,. 2, mJ^t^Vi ' ^ A u t o i u e i<*gftldbock'» Music H..11I **^t p. w.Tbe Geographical Society received last night. Its terson Co , N. Y .; Stebhius, Dwight D , Michigan; &Sternberg.rooms in Clinton Hall were decor;ued with an Esqui-maux Ky>tck, Hioks's port.rait of Ivuue, a mode: ofKane by Jackson, two fmall Arctic sceoes by Gigooux,a large" ore by Le Poifcevin, and a hdlte map of the ren, Joel A., Vermont re^ioT-s about tne Nor«h Pole, dr-t'vn by Mr. S;hroeter.Cleared.C'apt?. Quayle, Chappel,and Buddingt.in, who were ; It is ibought by some of Ihose who are opposed to it seems, knows enough, also, to get up long reports of familiar with the Arctc regions wore present, they resired there over s nce. He occqnied at this time tbe ttis bi 1 ;hat tbe eifect of its passage will be thtt wh^u^chooiiers—J. JoneH. Began, Wim'ncton. J. W. McKee: J. S. uVldon, Staith, Baltimore.'Moiilcr. Lord it Qnoreau; Eve- line uaim, l*e.i>r*on. Mobile, I'o-t, tjrnitli it. Co.: W. rf. Spring, Buckaloo. Philadelphia, J. \V. McKee, F. t Imor.*, Smith, Balti- more, Merrill fc Abbort; George Deeiiug, Pinkham, I'ortiaud, G. L Hatch , Alexander M , Cbn»ti». Jncmel, Kunlnrdt it Co.; A. Corroil, KoKern, fhilad-lph a, J W. McKee; Julia Kox Learn- ing, ApaUcbict.la, Oakley it Keuting; D. A. Berry Voorhi*, Charleston, O. C. Muirny.Si<au.«-rii—J\rtinan, Fuster, South Amboy; Boiiton, Crocker,Arrived.the esywftH and doings of the " Annual Convention,"which be baa pubiiabed—usually two or three months lifter the date of tbe advertL-ement.LARGE HOTEL AT SARATOGA.—A Iar^e hotel, to be -ealied the Clarendon, U now being buile at Saratogafarm owned by Abraham Meseiole, extending fromwould willingly answer any questions. He would tbe river to Sixib or Seventh street, and now covered it reaches the Assembly, where they have live cityTEE.-—The Young Men's General Commit*ee met at track of the wholes. Northward, Dr Kane had sur- Tammany Hall la*t evening. Mr. J. Augastui Page veyed tbe Greenland coaot as far as 81J 1,7, and theGiinneli land coitst as far as 82° 30'. Morton dis in toe chair. A rei»oluti.)n was adopted to commence ;organizing Ward Cainp*iga Clubs for tbe corning covered open water in the K*nnedy Cbannol in 80 iKK,and traceu ic up to 81" 15', bsyond which he saw a Presidential campaign. Tne Committee adjourned till boundless open soa. Tiiis bad been disputedfrietds and acfiuuintances.Viot.ATiNO THKOKDINANCK—Three men, namedrisk rescued forty-ei<ht persons from a waterlogged ve*ecl last Winter, were of no more avail in that awful scene than the weakest of tho ladies under his care.Thursday, the 29tb. inst.tained by any one who 5B not the owner of the rever in Ei-gJand, and would not be accepted I>1S( HAMOKD KiKi.il TIIE D'NITKTJ STATKS SF.UVICK. tion'of some estate in the land for which tbe rent istbe Branch Mil, two miles west of Woousockef, U. I.51)8. Potter, wito of Asa Potter, who worked in thehpioning and warpinK'-room of the mill, was passingDear the upright sba-t, when her dress caugbt ou thehead of a bolt in the coupling of the shaft, winding itarcmio" the shaft, throwing ber down, ana in that posi-tou whirling ber around wkh great velocity, the stmttmaking one hundred revolutions per mumto. Thebhait was stopped in one or two minutes, but she WHSdead when disentangled from it. While carried WIND—During the day, from S. E., and thick weather.No.'20.—Yesterday Wa:d School No. '*), locavd io B/oome between Clin-United Statrrs service, on the ground that he had enlisted without the aaeent ol his parents.tbe law as it now stands, and that its passive bin been retdeied necessary in consequence of tbe decision of the Conrt of Appeals, that tue Patroon of Albany can maintain such action in cases where ho or his ancestorsOPZWIVC OF W A K Dforenoon the opening exercises of the new building 'orSCHOOLlij>t call on Dr. Hayes. 'Dr. J.J. HA YES said that a larger meeting wouldbe held tome ticue next week in tbe Cooper Institute,by handsome dwelling-houses. During tbe War of ra Iroad charters before the Committee of the Whole, there will be a new deal, and that the bill will be so loiSbe tuivcd in the artillery. He a'no took a con- amended in its provisions and incorporators as to har- spicuous purl in the reception of Lafayette during' the monize the jarring and conflicting railroad interests, orIn tbe list of passengers returned by the Grind Trunk R*ihoad was the name of Mr. Wood of Cornwall. We team that this was a mistake for Mrs Wood. The nnfoitunate lady was the widow of the late Mr. Guy Wood of Cornwall, brother in-law of tho Rigot Rev. Dr. Sirachan, Bishop of Toronto. She had been trav- eling in Eur< pe-for some time, and was returning to end her days at home. Young and old, strong and feeble, were hurried to the same grave. The braveGeo'ge M., Otsego Co , N. Y. ; S'.udley, Williami H .,. A. M., Con- necticut; Swalm, VV'iilinm I<", King!) *'o , N. Y.; Tntggart, Chus. J., VYl»co9»in; Thorns, Williuin F., Kentucky; Tuthill, L. Bnr- net, New-Jersey ; Ver Meulen, Edmund C, New-Jers.jy; War-lured the other from his home, and bosh perished far from kindred and friends.Another gentleman, a member of one of the most prominent families, whose name has not y«r, been men-Stennmhipg—Roanoke, Coucb, Richmond. Lndlam k. HeiucL- eo; AlatunzaH, Lii'Hcjunt; Aiot.m/.aij, Alora Brothers & Navarro; Alo! tporii-rv, Ber>y, feavoiuiub, li B. Cromwcl! &, Co.MnpH—(iolJen \%cat, McKetizie, London, Grinnell, Minturn (c Co.; r. iii^zon (Br.), Ovc*rj;urd, Brnmou Funch i. Meincke; Au- g Bins Kearney, New-Urifnij*, \V . T. Front./ Harks- o^gon, Chafe, Bucna V'i*ta, I. B. Grut-r; LanraRu««, RUSB, ( ieifuegos, C. it E. J.'Peters; Fairy, Blieh, Hong Kong,lost (LI to 19), as follows:YLA!-—Messrs. Bell, Connolly, Ferry, Gardiner,.Goss, Rill- hr.use, Manieire, Montgomery, P. P. Murphy, Prosser, WilliamsNAYS—-Messrs. Blood, Colvin, Fiero, Grant, Hammond,An Esquimaux, Mr. Cudlockdehue, *ras one of thepr>ncJpaJ attractions of ine evening. He resembles ahilt-breed Chippewa, and has a #reut dftil of color iubis f-ice. The attendance comprised a f»>*:ladies anda large nnuiber of the .more prominent mci of ••J\IG oity. one of the oldest and most icspectyd citj'/i'jus of Wil- ing by Mr Bell, signed by those Senators who voted Mofctof the evening was spent in converaitbn, but libmshurgb, died on Wcdooftday, at tho residence of sjniinat tho bill, or a portion of tbcm, against tbe eaui- ab<>ut 9 o'clock— mary and unwarrmtJible manner in w/nicb the gagnola, VVamer.Judi.-e DM.Y suggested that, as "Or. Hayes und Mr. street. Mr. Hodges was born at Marshh'eld. Mass.. inHal, both of whom proposed expeditions, as wellits 178,"). He removed to Willlamsburgh io 1810, and haa portant bill.engineer, late of the firm of Dennis Ac Boulton, w*sin England on businees, and wrote to his family bytbe tteamer before the Hungarian that he h*d nearlyfin bbed bis ail'ahe, and would sa.il on the IGtu. Lilt'eanxiety was, therefore, feh on bi« account; bat by theAnglo-Saxon a letter wae received which stared t i n tle failed in the'Hungarian from Coric on tho "Jt.h. Icwas probably he {[whom Mr. Livingstone of Montrealdescribed as an engineer from Toronto, traveling wfthhim from London to Liverpool. Mr. Bou.ton w«.s theeldest eon of the Rev. M>. Boulton, who died somej ears ago on Bis voyage frorn EoKlaud to Now-York. Philadelphia, F. JfeikiuB.when be would speak more at length. He would now second visit of that illustlions man to this country. that it will prod nee such a smash-up as will preventmerely point ont on the map the irdick ho intended to Mr. Hodges was one of tbe lirst. citizens concerned mpuisne, and give the plan and purpose of his expe- the feiry business between WiUiamfeburgh aud New- the passage of any railroad bills at all.StennishipLudiaut 4t lieinck-eti. March Jt, 1:3<) p.m., passed a vessel ashore IC miles N. of liaruegut.S( hr. 1). C. Dodge, Lomppart, Boston 4 days, f;sh to Woodruff it Robinson.^cltr W. B. Jenkins, Martin, Kdenton, N. C , and 3 days frora Hitlers* corn to V\ illiums, <iee At Co.Scl r Palladium, Atery. New-London, oil to John Pryor. Scbr. Benjamin EngUsn, Bhven, New-London, in ballast. t»cbr. Muriel, Hutchiuson, l'ortland <Jduys, headiog;.• Sehr. T. J. Becket, , stonington, stone.tcbr . Indus, St<iklo.v, Baltimore 4 days, corn to R- D. BarretU Bcbr. Clipper, Sturges, George's Banks 3 days, halibut.fichr. T B. Hodnmun, Price, Rockland Sdays, lime.Bohr. Hardtcrabble Packard, Eliaabethport, c a l for Bostoa. ^cnr. Penusylvauia, Lann Baltimore, ccul for Norwich,S.hr. F.sabef. Taylor, Philadelphia, coal for Providence.Schr. Hoibury, i base, Elizabethport, coal for Boston.Schr .Chief, itopkius. Elizttbethport, coal tor Boston.Schr. D. T. Willetts, Baker. New-London J day*, in baLast. febr. Decatur Uais. Oaks. Full River i days, tu batlast.Slo./p (ieoige H. favis, Davis, Elizubeihport, coal lor Provi-Sprioge. It is located on B*o*dway, near the new dition. The purpose was to confirm the discoverb-sof York. This was the era of sco>vs'and boree-boais, There are all sorts of rumors afloat, which, of course, Dr. Kaie, continue his surveys, and, if possible, to when th.se prim'pivo vessels no from Lho foot of are not entitled to implicit credence—^ouu of which is, spring. The ground, including the new spring, co«jt reach ibe .North Pole. He h«p*d to be a^'e to start North Second street to New-York. that Senators and Members have advanced their pr<e-$36,000, and with the building will invdve an outlay He was Superiu-in «he middle of May, to reach Greenlnnd in a ia-utth, tendent of the Poor some eleven years a,jo. Mr. U-i-fcionsvery materially o? late; one an high as$25,000,of $100,000. Tbe owner of this property is a Mrs. hah at some one of tbe Greenland ports far a supply Ilodv.es, in his [leraon'al character, wtia exieodingly which is equal to Wisconsin prices. This is all wrongJonts, the wife of a dentint in r»ia city.DEMOCRATIC Yoe.vc MEN'S GENERAL COMMIT-ot dogs and fur-*, aud thence proceed northward; over amiable, and was well beloved bya large circle ofai••<! uureasonable. That railroad grants in the e.ty heart arjd stout arm of firs', officer Hnrd; , who at greatthe general track of tbe whaleships, to Smith's Stmiis, tbe commencement of Dr. Kane's exploration-. The month of theee straite was but 100-in les above theare valuable, is not to tie denied; but then it is aboard to think of finding any such plitcer there as La Crotse.MANOKIAI. TKNUItK.P . OotlH'b, Henry. Seaver, and Edward Lost, W«r« cuayictodbt-fjTti Ji-i-tice Cornwell yesterday on the charge offrkumlng t'vof w i , whirl) riod of'disease, and cutting up the meat, as if forthe piirpoi<.> of «e)ling it. They wore fined sM" each, or in do- amendment of the Revised Statutes, declaring tb it cident occurred about 9 o'clock Monday morning, atfuult to bo Itnpitsoued f^r fifty days. ejectmen'. for non-payment of rent shall n >t be main-un'il it had been confirmed. .Dr. Kane's vessel was enveloped in pack ice-in this channel, becaut-.e the was on the wrong side of it, and while she was solidly blocked in, the other side of tbe channel was freu from ice. Poshing up on the western side of tbe channel a-A n.Hii named Samuel ('. Smith was brought before Judge Cnbror claimed, lie asserts that his b'll is only declaratory of ye.te/di .-y on « writ of habeus corpus, and discharged from thed*nce. * Moop Helen, B«bco"k. Fall River md^e.Steuuicr Kounoboc, Hand, Philadelphia, indue, and pass, to If.ton and SurTolk streets, took place. The words •«Wel- far m possible next Summer, to good Winter quarters, come to our new School," in letters of gold, greeted be would next Spring push on .as far as pofioible bydoKS, using the land afl a basis of operations, but still.every visitor on the appioash to the upp«r rooma of the traveling on tbe ice and dragging a boat .on runners KKOTMKNTAL PAJIADK AM) PUK.SKNTATION.-A pil- in tucb leaden, leaving in the grantor no reversionbuilding. Mr. George G. rJn'iock, Onirroan f ^he He hoped to do this in April, 1801, and in. May to rude of the Second ltvgimeot, Hudson Brigade, Col. whatever. This decision hu holds to bo a perversion of 0 the law which should bo corrected by the Legis-Board of School Trustees, presided. Mr. Lewis With- rf ach tbe open sea. Tbe journey to the Pole could Gregory, look place yesterday afiurnoon, for the pur- lative.ngton read tbe Itb ebapter of tbe Proverbs of Soltmon. then be made in this boat. He had no doubt that pose of receiving a sot. of regimental colors, presented by- '.-x .TOLLING H.MLKOADS. ' Kennedy's channel was at some seasons Open, andaround witb the shaft, her head and Hhou'der* were Capt. Morrell of steamtug Wm. Koulk^ reports, no JW«5J constantly thrown against the contiguous machinery within :.«» uiil«-a S. E. from Sandy Hook at 4 p. m.; wind liA'-t with sucb foico as to bi«ak her neck, and shockinglycrur-h and mangle the bones and flesh of her head, '1b.- buik Sultan, previously reported as havln* P'U back le^ky,neck, ehonlders arms, and npner portion of her body. is LOW on the ways at Rod llook Point for examination. Her hit «band Kad charge of the room and wts presentwould probably have been nothing left to explore.•which included the lollowing figures: Tfje bailding J^unng :he following season, if the boat voyage were ington stiefct, Jervoy City, where Mr. Charles-11. Win-CITY DKIIT.SIVAVK LAUOU.— Tne Louisville Courier relates anmeaturee «r>0 feet front and rear, and 88 feet ind^ptii." Tbe yzrd in tbe rear is 40 feet deep. The first floor dog-sledges. T h e danger* of such a voyage were over-will be used as a play-ground and the Janitor's aptrt-jf&LiM. The «econd fU^or will be occupied by a uoio plorere was the reault of ignorance. Hut daring the(ieied t/Mt third reading.Tho WeBtchesfor Railroad bill waa debated in Com-mittee of the ^Yhole, and progress reported thereon.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069money. Tne black requested his old mitstor to bring sail with tbe nr»t wltid. _ . , . « . ... Mui<nottound praeticabie, ne would make journeys with eaoiiutttd. The fearful loss of life of the early ox-colors,were n ceivod by Col. Gregory in a manner ap- propriate to the occasion. The regiment was shortly afterward dismiefced.Nfc.V PORT. March -a.- Arrived. brif-N. Stowerv****-/% payable in 187K instead of 1890, and in that form or- one of hisulaves, a tow days since, for a Urge sum of Peruauthuco Feb <i, for Bostou; put in tor a oarbo^, and wutto railroads in Ncw-Yorh.freight on miik by tbe Er'^' Railroad, but tbe bill for Clemons: Rochester, Kben. T. Ovley; Brocknort, Austin Phin-that purpose was report^ adversely. Report agretd nej; Albion W«i. Pennimnn; Medina, A. w. Newell; Lock- to. port, Ezra M. Nichols: Tonawanda, Christian 8chwinder; Bnfl'alo, Wm, Foot; Waterford, Leon Milliken; Fort Edward,Uttco, Cordon Hackett; Rom»», Ssmciel P. hnwiu; Monte/.uma,Several petitions w*r« TVe&ented to reculate the Ftephen M. Stokes; Lyons, Columbus Crull; Pnlmyra, Anson fi. Thomas, on Tuesday last. The following ia *gine, ar'd engineer on this occaeion, waa killed at hia THE HOMICIDE ON THE BROOKLYN.—The testimony T-OCKDCHUE. aftor introducing Mr. C. F. HALL of Tho majority of the Committee reported favorably John E. Mclnlyre; Whitehall, DenDin P. Nyo; Ph«nix, Wm. post wi b bi» band at tbe worV.greets. The Board adjourned to Mot> day, at 5 p. m. in this care cloted at 9 o'clock on Wednesday even- Ohio. Mr. ^Jall said that a few weeks before the return on the bill to ano.'end tbe Metropolitan Police law. Gilbert; 0«weRo; James N. Brown; Seneca Falls, George Hock- George Sbaeff, bis son and fireman, waa also killed The bill to creato a Nautical School in the hai-bor of Dell: Geneva, (Jenit Coneer; Havana, John D. Look; Horso- at his post, having a greater part of his head carriedand the District. Attorney for the prosecution. Thetestimony for the defense was in the main a repetitionof the evidence at former sittings of the Court relatingto the Implication of Cooper. The Court, after a brief pO'Jition were dead; he thought pome of them were>ers men .orialized the British Admiralty to give to theBILLS INTRODUCED.To pT«vent and punish lrauds in the Bate of goods c«oj>; Mt. Morris, Loiing Coy : DariBvUle, Alex. Edwards; OI«nui,New-York!. The incorporators are as follows: Fer- nando "Wood, John H. Brower, Wm. B Lawrence, jr.. JameB T. Soutt^r, Gideon J Tucker, Gilbert Dean, Edward J. Hamilton, John Farrell, William Seebach, and Patrick Garrick. Thty arefto have the power to erect and hold the building, in which there shall be a hall of sufficient capacity to accommodate the Na- tional Democrats of New-York, and io lease any por- tion of tbe building. The capital is l'miced io $300,000,GnxKNB—Frederick Hill. tbe river.KI>-OB—Thomrw Cotrel, Samuel H. DeMo*t, Theodore Hins- Joseph Weaver of Eaaton waa killed instantly; not dale, John Onkey, Eliphalet A. TburstOD, Phillip W . Holmes,George P. Hayep. mnch disfigured. .m' sbaree tV«e amount of which is left blank. poration is also to have continual sessions.The cor-UrMTJ'K—Jacoh K. Trumbour, Cornelius H. Van Gaasbcck. died yesterday evening.NEW-YOUK—Henry BUcboil' Sawuel T. Bull Jeft'erson Cod- WOUNDED.('irgton. Edward DeLancey. Alfred Erbe, Jonathan S. Ely, Geo. rW . Hinchman, Davton Hobart, John 8. Harbenrer, Sylvester Engene T r jxell of Ejts on w is only slightly injured. Lav, Angnstns F. Lee,, Benjamin C. Leveridge, Smith E. Lane, William Diehl of Eaaton; not peri rnsly injuredJohn Livingston, Wm. Lee. Allen Melrille, Frederick E. Jobn Smiib of Belvidere, thigh broken and receivedAt 11 o'c'ock, under the operation of the previous4. Jlesolvco. That the first duty of every American citizen isdevotion to the Constitution and the Union ; that we arrai<n andoppose the Democratic party as wanting in fidelity to both, be-cause it neeks to pervert and misconstrue the Constitution intoan instrument fox extending Slavery, and because it cherishes pound" to the equale inch. The sigoal waa given to set armed Disunirnists cs its moxt influential leadersMr. DAKCY offered a substitute, leaving the fi-ial decision on the question to the popular vote of thebeat, uniil the p ensure, a< already siated, was 125county, which was rejected.From Our Own Correspondent.Adjourned.engine in motion, cold water w*s pumped into the/boiler, and, from the shaking of the ooat, it came inadditional section:That tho corporators in this bill, or their assignees, are herehy Opposifion party in New-Jersey to send delegates to the Na- one »eems disposed or authorized to answer. ThepopulationMr. SASFORD L- MACOMRER,from the Committee on Nominations <>f Vice-Presideu's, reported the follow- ing names, which were adapted unanimously:Henry Smith, James H. Walsh, Andrew Jordan, Israel Wil Hams. Josoph Hoxie, William Jncksnri, Thomas G. Garvin, Jonathan J. Trotter, Andrew Croft, Howell C. Vail, JaoaeH A.fcrinits, William A. Smiill»«j, Da^io B. Snott, Inauc V. WiHlums, Edward S. McPher»on, Oaniel Ullmann, Richtttd Kelly, Samuel AtK'nson, Thoma* Bogg, Charles C. SoU, Wm. II. Fry, Robert L. Jjnrnigh.ered an artdre^s in response. His subject was the duty Cuba; Doolittle, Fra^k W., Saratoga Co, N. Y.; EpHtoin, 23 to 7, as follows:Kphrairn M.,<:anada West; Kftrnswojth Philo J., M. D., Cani- YEAS—Messrs. A bell. Blosd, Colvin, Fiero, Grant, Flammoid, A very short time afterward he was elected, on tbe Tcutoni*ot Republicans in the present crisis to act as the con- ilal'BHt; Ford, F<dward Irvine;, Broomo Co.. N. £.; Coddird, Hillhoute, Kelly, Kotcham, Lawrence, MoQriw, Manieire, Conservative side, member for East Middlesex. He...New-\ ork. ..Southampton Apnl Z...New-York. ..Southampton May 1 * 0 AJUUVJkMr. Colvin made an elaboraie, earnent, and ellejtive argument before the Senate today ou Irs proposedA HouRianE DKATH—A melancholy and fatal ac-NEW-JEBSEY FJEM8. \ have made perpetual leases, which convey to the grantee therein nil tfteir estate, in the lauds .describedSAILED—Stesniships Mctatszaa, Matanzaa; Montgomery, Sa- viiLnah; JtoanoKe, Norlolk, \c.The" Rev. T. Ra'ston Smith, pastor of the Seventh that a vessel might be put-bed through, but he relied on Surgeon C^nidor. Tho Inflowing companies paraded: In tT.e Aseembly to-day, the bill to reimpose tolls onPresbyterian Church, olFered prayer; and a little b>y the boat. The oceao un)!-.t be open; so large * }><>dy of Wnbhiugion Guard, Copt. Speer; Greehvilie Guard, the railroads was ordered to a third reading, by a vote when the &ad accident occurred, She was a veryB y T e l e g r a p h *HIGHLANDS, March 8, Biuwet-Wind N. E.. light; weathery*&!\\ -ORLEANS, Mareb T.-Arr. bark Fleet Ea^. fro« Messllfk Spoke b.rk Charles W lliam. from Bos »"• which re- torted the captatJU lost overooard in a galo on Feb. Io; she waa bouuiMo St. Thomas 1st distress. .TI»-««MJ1Sworthy woman, and, with her husband, bad boon eui-ployfif a number of years in tbe Branch 51)11. She loft in Thjme. There vr+r* about 400 children of both to break through the ice-bolt in other portioos. Had Dr. kirk; mid Independence Guard, Capt. Grain. After are snngume of success, und it in the impression of your »wo boys, the )ounge«>t about four yours of ago.V:(fibout 8 years of age delivered an address of wel.-xmie,salt watur could not be fro/en through tho year any• where. Exj>eiieneebadshownthefutilityofanattemptCapt. Ijlindahl; Clonic Light Guard, Capt. Van IJos-proles3 lievo\hatitwillnotbecomeu Jaw, while'its friends•«xee present. Mr. G. W . Tborl>er, Chairman of tha i a n e selected the west tide of Kennedy's Channel, niarcbii'g through several streets the regiment was correspondent that they (the friends) are correct in. ll'rovideurti Journal. • - • » •Building Coajmiwee, read a description of the building im-Uad of tbe eafct, for his W.ir.ei's quartets, there rjawn up before Surgfui Quidor'a residence in Wash-their calculations.The bill to provide for fund ng the New-York City itisuu ce of meanness on the part of a resident of that Aliee Bull. Iron. Boston: Cotton Planter, ftom Bordeaux, amirol GOto .>(). Ihe opponents' of the bill profess to boAlso arr., ship. Fmily Augusta, and Hough on, fro«Uwp»«. lieid preK-ntcd tbe colors in an elegant speech. Tne floating debt, was so amended us to make tne bonds cir.y which, we think, can hardly be equaled, lie sold Wurteu.bersr tVotn Oavre. , , „ t„ „• m «,-,„tional Convention at Chicago arc authorized to fill all vacancies in their Lumber, and that they are instructed to make all neces- sary arrangements in conformity with tbe iule« of said Conveo- ti«n in regard to their admission and mode of voting in that[ sav&nnah Republican, March 5.body.,UNFORTUNATE;CINCINNATI, March 8.—FLOCK firm; busiuet* limited mt pre- ioi>w rate". VVBISKT heavy. Mess foiiK firm at $17 '£>'«)$17 30.Bulk MEATS ax.d BACON tirm .EXCHANGES.CINCINNATI, March 8.—The Money market U alightly more itiinueirt. •bignt Exchange on New-York unchanged for Gold.M o v e m e n t * o f O c e a n S t e a m e r * . TO DEFAJIT.The President decided tbe motion not in crd-ir. Mr.Prosfcer appealed from the dechiouoi the ob-iir. The Oftbisjournal. Thence h« went to The Leader, and Oirca*«i*nSaxotiia Fulton Br<im**n, ..Galwtiy New-York. ..March 3 . .Southampton. New- York. . .March 4 ..Southampton. New-York. ..March 7 .. Southampton .New-Yor k. ..March 21 ..8outbampton.New-Y<\k, ...April 4servators of the dignity and tbe proper remunerat on Cbajlew E/, Richmond Co., N. Y.; Iiw>iden, VVaiter J.F A. M., Montgoniery, Munroo J. M. Murphy, Ramsej, Richmond, Rob- was of..a genial, kindly disposition, and conducted uiscf labor. He charged the existence of what poverty New-York City; Hart, Coarles H, Cor.nooticut; Hartuhorne, ertson. Kotcb, Sessions, Spiaoli, Truman, Warner. canvass *vith a great deal ol tact and good sense. HisaJUicted the North, io its devotion to the interests of, William, A M., N J. ; IJoppin. Courlland, A. B , Rhode Island; JNAVS—MessjB Bell, Connelly, Gardiner, Goss, P. P. Murphy, father dying last, year be returned to Ireland to arrange U hriff Adiy Swift, for St Thomau, W. /.—Dr. Ducochet, Dr.Mr. Dell moved to reconsider the vote, so that theSenate might be able to make such amendments aswere necesfary to protect the interests of the publis. of Lis choice. The connexion of this family with Can- After ptating his views'at some length, the motion was ada has been a sad one. The success of one brotherPORT OFNEW-YORK....MARCH 8.BROOKLYN ITEMS. Kelly, Ketcham, Lapham, Lawrence. McGraw, Munroe, J M. tioned in.connection with tbe wreck, is one of the Buf- .Mmpby, Ramsey, aiohmoud, Robertson, Rotch, Sessions, Spi- ferera. Mi.'Sjmerville Boulton, surveyor aud civilDKATII OK AN OLD CITIZEN —Mr. Alfred Hodp/es, A protest will be presented to the Senate this even- bis fau^bter. Mrs. Ktr.bftrdson, No. 8;") South Third was applied to the minority in the passage of this im-J. <-. J«>v«-tt it Co.Bri/H - IDU,Lancy, Searnport, Bn;tt, Son it Co.; A. D. Jordiu,him bis clothes from his lite hftme. lie complied, but charged him £">coi^s for doing it.BUSTGN, March ».-Axiived, ship Rockland, Sargent, Mau ilia.Below, bark Hector.M^MBMFultonville, Lewis G. Pennett; Littre Falls, X. A. Willard; of Ihe explosion of the boiler on the steamboat Alfredcopy of the resolutions. Yours very truly,gardJees of tbe welfare both of the American people and the the reputation of tbe living ia equally sacred. TbeGovernment- is corrup. bojond example and t« a degree under former h>-ve paid a crrear. price for their part, and have which no nation con loDg exi-t—that while it is en^rofsed in2. R'univrd, r hat we demand an honest, economical adminis- Bishop, who built tbe woodwork of the boan, vre learn publication of the Session Laws, Election Notice*, tration of the Federal Government—keeping its expenditures in tbat be remonetratcd time and again with Mr. Shaelf,T. deavored to find out the trnth as nearly aa poasible.5. Uetolved, That while we are utterly opposed to the exten-sion of Slavery by tho power and influence of tbe General Gov-ernment, we condemn most undeservedly assaults by citizens of contact with the over-heated flues, and trie explosionALBANY, Thursday, March 8, 1860. one State upon the peace, lights and local institutions of any was >he inevitable result. This condition of atf-tiraState or Tcritbry—such as within the last five years have beenTHE GRIDIRON-RAILROAD BILL PASSED.The Seventb-Avenue Railroad bill was put through ginia, and that the late attempt at Harper's Ferry to subvert, but it was not beeped.the Senate this morning, according to programme. At howt-verpartially the institution of Slavery in that State was a } violation ul.ra of our principles and of the rights and dignity of11 z o'clock tLe third reading of the bill came up as a that State, A RUMOR.—TbeCity of Norfolk left this port yester-ppecial order. Mr. Connolly moved to reconsider the C. Rcto'rtrf, That the best we.alth and defniinv> of a nation is a day for New-York, it nemg ber last appearance in : free ano tndrpendent yeomanry, owning tie lands they cittivate, these waters," aa the has been sold tp parties in tbatvo e of latt evening, which cut off debate and amend- and that this Government iai.s and will fail to appreciate thements, and which tbe Cbair (Mr. Lapham) declared dig&i'y of itspositiou, a* tbe great representative ol Ir e labor— city.. Si euce as to ber next daties has created suspi-committed upon the Territory of Kansas arid tue«..State of Vir-was mentioned more than once to the master machinist,The spacethe bo'der was too email io h»v#a snflicierit, quantity of 8r.eam and water oo haod to keep up the requisite mo- tive power. The consequence was, that when the firstTeutozda AuitrslojuanAm«nd«. . . ..... Liverpool..Liverpool..Southampton.New-York. ....Feb. 27 .. Liverpool Portland... ....Feb. 29ky the *C7.A. McCLE 233N«rw-YorkNorth American.F a r ^ Con«re#i,jU Rev. J!A BAAta. v thoRt*-C.D. MURRAat thf Park Tafiemo.;!^ Tices•*• lui a. m., anc"~pTeachin« by ih< BUgUAX. March U , m i tars* blocks east of 1i_e | *. o and "| p.'m.jroteatant FpincJbetweenthe upperand the dome ofMarket*.—Reported byTelegraph.Pa«sengers SailedJordan, Ciei iuezoM, H. U. ^rooamon it Co.,; C. Adama, l'eter- «on, fct Jobn'M, IS. F., J. S. Whitney At Co.Y orktown,Parrish, Richmond,mdse.and pwa. toSteamer Pelican. Aldrich, Providence, mdse. to Isaac OdelLfluesNew-York. ....Feb. 25 Boston.... ....F«H. asat 104 a* - and 3 p. m.Sandy Book. 8 54 Gov Inland... 9:44 \ Hell-Gate. .11:25MARINE JO URNAL. fliiffd Prophecy, at,Worth Batch C hi Di-riixt i.wrvicc *;VJt Ki and * ptiiyer-imwtfijr irschool and itinle .:ia JS\ EN UNO, lecture, otn at ?i o'clock, A daily ]j"~N«w JeraiuilcuiW orship on SL'.MJA .-', iCo. 'bi nroadway, at io»w-Jeru«ulera twe«n4Uand l.eiitw.o: pnach ay-M(JRlto Vv' in tne JV*EN1>U, i.tJ «od: Vhat IrTls, \\ hePrct-hi«K to-niobjteriu^'huxch, corner/"Frophecy.—" Tlei tests.www.fultonhistory.com 