 of them and tbe third, will be definite aad without ap peal ^ ^ARRIVAL OP THE ARIELHews from Central and So**11 The crop of core* i CcM Rio* was estimated at Thta done and signed, ta duplicate, at the city or Xsnae<mmander of the British greasing. Gea.Urbina,af a i d sailed for. Vixen, ta still pro .haaarriTedatlima,ADJOURNMENTOFTHELEGISLATURE.•Bdaaw^.»»»aaaw^a^w*a<iata*»j«l*«i*» \'s*>*+*+W1HDIHG UP OF THE CONCEKLIt has been i«oTMmpp»t*awts*da,aInMdhaeentiretyAmerica.MATH OF THE HON. BEVERLY CLARKE. TW le^rtwTTVwykf, tin BritUhliflistfr, tor Eaglut..RAN RUNNELS. and, it tt thought, cannot hold out much longer, while the Knoiuioiis State Tax for the the State a tax ^poa' ^ 2 £ ? * * * • •epaorti?TBI TIUSIT CtiTEACTt H XICiRlGCi, Cntbohc Church at the time of ata putism. His remains were Interred in the Pantheon, at the city of Guatemala,Aft, * » , * aThe iteftaMbip Ariel, Cap*. Miner, armed at thta jort yesterday,from Asp inwall, whence the sailed.with great pomp. It a reported that h a wife joined the same church a few days after the death of her husbandIt a also report* d tnat Mr Clarke, a short time prior to ha death, had determined to take upon himself the order sf the frnnctossn monksMrs. Clarke and chTBraaar* among the passeagars per steamer Guatemala, and were to have taken passage la the first steamer for the United States.rumored that they have purchased the steamer Columbus • Sr. Derqui had been installed President of the Confede-ta the 9th inst.jThe ball will open about the 1st of March. Invitations that city snd Rosario.THE NEW POLICE LAW. at?thecBBata**ta ***"*" ^ » which5*7 Sr, wa»ssbegun atU»^^r aT*C *^m,*t"1 *wwk «**»TBE CAPITAL PUNISHMENT BILL,toCf*THE DEMOCRATIC MANIFESTO.NEW GRANADA. ABTDCWAU. coBSJasroNDBNcE.AarrawaiA, AprU 9,lSed. TTtr ArteL-flaa* ef Om. BtoaHy A Clarke, United State* Mttsitttr to OuatemaU- rtmngtrt m fie Arid-Death ef (ke Oookfrms Drtnk-are extended to all who wish to join snd seek that bub-Tbe government of Buenos Ayres had made a contractwith a Mr. Atabonse Lebebre for the coastruction of ato,BB 0M«*. «^*ilStca4s4^^^ J"»*.j U i i m f l </fflsannriThe Italians resident ta Montevideo and Buenos Ayres•r»ble, glory, at the cannon's mouth. WherelaWalker? railroad, of 100 kitometeistalength,towardetbeSouth,beginning in the Custom Boose of Buenos Ayres, and taking the direction of MMEaaenada da Barraxar.readytobegubmlttedtothepoSa* a7.*!9ri' "v m>w teiation W e referOceanU§Ak*k*-Primi*mTbe denizens of San Juan are waiting anxiouslyfor tbe opening of the transit Poor fellows! have sent to General Garibaldi, as a present, a splendidand equal suffrage with wnae Begroes to has been repeatedly determined bTttaT««2? **"*°* *•» vote: snd upen the adoptteaof the etaKiBB.ViilT'Sef 0* P**M MoA amp**,TORE.The undersigned, democratic representatives ta theSenate and Assembly of the State, before returning to ibeirconfctitucnts,begleavetoaddresstheminregardto w£.l?uTM.eh »dmis,,to0, justiojwooortiostaSiV I-.* some ef the measures of the session just cl3sed, snd in re-gard, also, to some of tbe grosser abases which havecharacterized tbe acts of the Legislatore and of the oo or-dinate departments of government.The' steimtr Ariel, Captain Miner, which left Sew York •a tike afternoon of the 31st nit , arrived at this port early wast mofBtog.M ,^trg the flrtt trip under the tri monthly arrange- moat, by whisb three instead of two tteamers are to havta'svery month, the number of aseengers were much teas than by the regular established sailing days—5lh andssth.I t s Artel brought no mail, except some express matter tarwaxded by Weill, Fargo * Oo. . UDOB ***** «°T«rn- st.at postage was paid into the New York Post oillee for sherightofbringingit.M*e24tb a i t , with passengers and freight bound for _*, whether with a view of connecting with this ner or the Northern Light is not known, bat proi n / anagw/nia at the time the Washington sailed.The Artel teevte to night at ten o clock for New York,aavfcg " K r some fifty tons of coal on board—water she he>e enoMh.Nicaragua by intrusting to its precarious care tha Her crinoline attracted great attention, as it was the firstnavigated her all the way over.Commodore McCluny thinks the Powhatan will not be •ny longer in coming over than the Candinaurruh, as he thinks the P. will go direct to San Francisco without call- ing at the Sandwich Islands, being able to carry auiliitent coal for the whole trip.The Powhatan a expected to arrive at Panama by tbeSGth; then it will oocupy some four or five days in gettingsideration, and to throw off tbe wise and prudent checks which in former years restrained the despotic tasnnsts or the reckless parsirns of the majorityThe results of these departures from sound conuitu- tionai administration are seen in tbe present posture of the State, as contracted with its condition before these innovations commenced.Tbe proposed infusion of this black element tate tha electoral body has never been petitioned for by the peo- ple. In 11 is. as to other instances, the republican majori- ty have fd themselves up above the people, aau bare originated measures of legislation seriously affecting to* personal aedf social rights of citiaens, which have never been petitioned for, or dacusacd before the public, er re-Boats of the passengers on the trip out expressedmillion* dollars: in 18e7. iter were only annietent to ray a Japan when the treaty was negotiated in 1852. portionof tbe SfO.COOduetothe generalfund dett ainklng Commodore McCluny is probably batter acquainted witb furd. and iB 18*8 tber for the «rat time, failed to meet theUnitedStates,w bisownaccount, andwiththeright of KhcsB on, but they would nave to wait the arrival of the asecciatirg others, have agreed upon the following con—PRE6ENT TO GARIBALDI.The English steamer Catlao,from Valparaiso and wayports, arrived at Panama on the 6th inst, with the mall and specie for Europe, aad an unusually large number of paesergers, mostly tor the United States.By this arrival we have received data from Valpa- raho to 16th March, Cailao 27th, and Guayaquil 1st April.CHILE.GRATIFYING CONDITION OF THB COUNTRY—THE IN-DIANS--MILITARY EXECUTIONS—CHANGES IN THECABINET- -INCREASE IN CUSTOM HOUSE RECEIPTS—THE LOBOS ISLANDS—EFFECTS OF THE HERALD'SART1CLES--HON. JOHN BIliLER—MARKETS, COP- plished with such brilliant success. FFS. ETC.•wanesof ae(earner being at Panama ready toconveyKorthern Light. These doubts were only expressed by uact, which shall have full force and etl'ect when theUnited isiates Navy, having been a long Uae on the Chi nese snd Japanese stationsIt is an outrage that tbe flag ship of the Gulf squadron should be compelled month after month to lie tumbling about in this hot, sickly, unhealthy, God forsaken hole, where there tt no earthly use for a ship of war unless seme revenue cutter or fast steamer.and principal of the canal debt and have ever since eootln- ued inadequate for that purprwe.1 be total deficiency to meet '.he epns'itutlonal requirement* will be, OBtbefirstof October n«xt, about ${,760,000, and it la ii creasing at tbe rate of about $2,000,000 a y ear. Of toe total dfiifieney about $1 "fu.WO a the amount diverted from tbe find IOemnly pledged by the constitution for tbe payment of the public debt- Betide* tbia Urge aggregate, there a the fur tier sum of $3 OOt.CCO wateb has been raised by taxaUoa. and espetded upon the oanala which the constitution requires •hall be eventually paid from their revenue*sash sa knew little or nothing of the promptest! and certainty with which the Pacific Mall Company have con- veyed their maita and passengers for more than twelve years—ever since tee Hoe was started, without ever feoatag a single trip.OCa PANAMA COBBE3P01UENCE.Panama, AprU 10,1860.saiLO »ball be ratified by the Supreme government- Article 1. The government of the Republic of Nwaragun grants to Mr Ran Runnels the right to eatshlidh a transit across the territory of the republic from u><> At antic to the Pacific ooesn, upon the basts established in the legislative decree of the 24th of March, and the exe cutive decree or the 30th May of the present year, con ceding to him for a land route the old road from Virgin Bay to San Juan del Sur, and granting him likewise tbe use of all works and improvements situated upon saidMate, who have neglected their afTtirs, in order to criti- cise U i se of their neighbors in the confederacy; and, as a consequence, they must await the exactions oi the tax gatherer aid give up tlair bard savings to make good the waste and ruin of evil government.A FINAL APPBAL.Your duties commence at home; aad unless dachargedthere honestly and intelligently, you cannot, Without wrong and folly attempt to extend them to ether anl independent commonittes. Bee to your own government. Arrett profligate expenditures, orgaoae systems of econo- my, ineat upon oftVial accountability, and be no: content till efficient taws check tne prevailing corruption at the polls and on the part of the elected officials. Stand by the constitution and the 1'nion your fathers made, anl byJw/itMl of Congress to Septal the KUtti-m La*h-Pro*ped»*f a General KeroikHtn— Movements qf Matquera, route and appertaining to tne transit, to wit: wharves,Vera Cruz tt the place where the Roanoke should bestationed, where there might poeaiily be something todoCcinmodore McCluny looks pale aad emaciated—no* thesame man that be did whan in charge of tbe Brooklyn Navy has no poaitire security that the totereat and prtnetoal of hitOtmndf, 4c —Vwited States \~estel$—PcMie m Good Fri' bouses, sheds, lands, and the rights thereunto belonging,Yard, or when be started for Japan with a squadron of vine or ten vi sse-is to open their porta, which wss accom-We bate now arrived at a point wfeera tbe publ'c creditor debt will be paid aa It beeomea due.THE CANALS.Tbe circumstances which have loaded the canals withdebt, rendered tbe tola inadequate to the purposes ofday ftoglii h and French Squadrons, diereserving for the use of tbe republic the steamers "now on the lake and river.No further sews has been received here from Bogotasince the departure of the last mail steamer from Aspin-wafi for New York. Private letters from there state thatCongress will not repeal the Election law, which has oc- and at the termination of tha contract ha will return tocasioned so much trouble in many of the States of the Con-IsderaUon. and there can be but little doubt, therefore,that a general revolution will soon break out. GeneralMasquers is still engaged in collecting troopsIn Cauca, inconjunction with the Governors of several other States a iBllroad; in either case he may make use of the landsdebt bad been resisted, if disgraceful waste in construc- tion and repairs bad not been connived at and encouraged, if useless efflaes bad not been multiplied, tbe tolls uponat Paaataa on the afternoon of the 6th ini ' six passengers snd the following cargo, thew»wr brought from Conlrnl America tatnwaa of tadlgo, 1,1X4 hags af osffJas, l,TT0 hidns, IIwith^^^Tl*aT^*U.tl^^ir '•Tl «MM)•ndlerrftortaUy mtitee, for the purposes of pones pvers- »«nt and polios dacCpBne therein, ,toto eaa datrW,, 140 bales of India rnbbar, SSI ofstreet, through that street to Madison avenue to Seveaty- ninth streetdoe ft ocm or authority with the saia :kp«sr.fi itb aayTaetober of the ol to* persons b<rre.nbef '•a•maa cteJ and Cue •; yd:*miMiemetBtft-.* •> « Every member of tix * asued io htm by it ••iwanor warrant ef app * tha tasd Boara, i which warmi.i tba.it and hta rankLa Union, Salrader, April 1; Reaiejo, Klcara. P * . « d ^ w r t a A r * a a s , Costa Oca, April 4.thought, prices will decline.' ' • » ' • •Art^^* ^ V *A s m WALL, AprU 9, Uffft*-4ta\ WMi Htowt—a,MPA mom* uaetun made ta articles 3 and 0, Mr. Raa Runneta oom-BOLIVIA.MOVEMENTS OP GENERAL BELZU—THE PERUVIANS ON THE WATCH.There Is no news from tha republic. Gen. Belm, ex- Pmlden^ had arrtvod at Arioa, and proceeded to the in- terior. Tbe Peruvian war steamer Los. ta at Artoe watching the movements of the Bolivians.DEATHOP HON.Dtterkd--PWvi Levant, dk.IHetwre—UnUed StatuSlocfbinata tbe country-an event daily exiMeted—tt thought wonldjfoon put an end to Franco a rale.wasSee. 2. Mr. Raa Ronneta accepts the aforesaid conces- sion, route and acoestories upon the terms exp'essed, snd will mske all repairs necessary to plane the route and accessories in serviceable condition at his own expnnse,VALPARAISO, March 10, I SCO.I have but little of Interest to communicate by the steamer that leaves to-day for Panama. The sMuation of this republic is most gratifying, both in a political and , ccitmeicial point of view. Public order a fully estab-lished, and every branch of industry a prospering.The Indians in the South have been subdued, and lrevenue, and made it necessary to recruit tneir resourcesE c l i p s e a f t h e P l a n e t s V e n u s , M a r a a n d and assist their completion by general taxation, have the land their valor wen as your tnheitancc. Listen notJupiter , liy tlt« Moon. [From tne Button Traveller, April 17.}An occuitatk n of a planet at any particular place, underfavorable ctrcumsUBcea for observation, tt an event ofsuch rare occurrence that it cannot be expected oftenerthan once ta'our or five years. Inieed,at the Observa- canal freights could have been so reduced aa to defy, to a union.tory at Cambridge, only one (that ef Jupiter, in August, great extent, the competition of all rival enterprises. Democrats of New York' your duties commence at lBie) bss been seen since the beginning of 185). Though it a too tate to avert tbe worst consequences of at home ! Organism to redeem the State. Unite as onethe republic the aforesaid route and woiks, with ail im- provements, without exacting my indemnity whatever, jthat tbe compact of the itevoiuuoBary fathers was in- tended to set Slate against State, in "irrepressible con- flict,' instead of binding them together in indasoia^taArt 3. The grantee shall have the right to execute any works and make all improvements he may judge neies- saiy, whether to repair the actual road between Virgin and San Juan del Sur, or whether to change the same into' have entered into a treaty of peace with theagainst the generaifnvernmeni. He has the hearty co cf the Republic of Nicaragua, nor shall there be any ge mand of the Governor's troops to that section, andthe 24th of the present April and the 25th of May next, race with rival States and provinces, yet an economical onpe. The National Convention about to assemble at is very remarkable. administration, a firm resistance to tbe constant Char lesion will present to the nation candidates for PreThe first of the four, and the most beautiful and in- spoliation of the State, by claims of pretended sident and Vice President, whose election will continue teresting of tbe whole, Is that of Venus, on the evening of canal damages snd by improvements and expenditures, the rule of constitutional law in the Union; but tbe vic- Tuesday next, 24th inst. ThU occultation will take ptace the cost ol which should fall upon localities, the abolition tory in the nation will be incomplete if New York re- when the planet tt quite high, and nearly at the position of useless Gfftces. and the application of the actual and n sins a prey to magovernment, and tbe sport and spoil of its greatest brilliancy. It will be visible to the British present means of tbe canals to their immediate enlarge of the enemies of our institutions. Complete the victory, provinces, and in that part of the United States situated ment to the fullest practical extent, would secure to those oemocrats. and restore the reign of democratic rule to northerly of a line drawn from Albermarle Sound, a little works that degree of prosperity, that would make them your own State. Redeem New York !nyeistloB of Generals Obaado, Ii>pez and other prominentsnenof the Confederation. It is to be hoped that the wine newnnsl of General Hen-en, who is now in Bogota, lias pre- vailed ere this with President Osplno and Congr?:*. s o l thai they will forego their purpose to continue in ; .<VJ the law which is so offensive to the people of New Gm-ThBi isthmus continues healthy. The American steamer Cortex recently sold to the Pacific Mail Steamship Com- pany,willsailhencetoSanFrancacoto-morrow,tomake War first voyage under the new arrangement. Son is the ffnt of the extra steamers placed in the line by the FacileDeral or municipal tax levied upon the property of the transit, nor upon the materials which the grantee may import to repair or improve the same, during the exist- ence of tha contractwho was empowered to treat with the Indians for peace upon the most favorable terms, ba3 just arrived in Valparaiso, accompanied by some forty Arancaman In- diaLs, among them four chiefs. They will proceed to San- tiago in a few days, to pay their respects to the President,mail Steamship Company, in addition to their regular semi the United States of America.dering the defenceless inhabitants, &c. The troops sta- will appear similar to our moon the day before its last Engineer upon tba subject, has been treated with entireaaenthiy line, of which 1made mention in my last, and wfll be followed by the California, which is advertised to •nil from here on the sth of May for San Francisco.Art 5 The grantee will pay, and the Republic of Nica ragua will receive, for all rights of transit and toll, the sum of twenty five thousand dollars, annually, payabletioned in that district of country, in a late engagementwith the Indians, succeeded in taking seven civilized Chi-lians prisonets, who were tried by a court martial anlshot. Tbe government has commuted the sentences of About mMtalght of Thursday, April 26, Jupiter will be 13, that cflicer says —The United States tag ship Innoaslftr and steamers 3s one naif every six months; but at the expiration of thedeath passed by the military tribunals on the persons im pucatea in tbe ate revolutions.eclipsed in the northern part of New Hampshire and Maine, and some of the Britah prorinoes; but in the southern part of New England the least distance of the edges of tbe planet and our satellite will be about one twentieth the diameter of the latter.•BSMC snd Wyoming are still in port. The tatter will sailffnr Reaiejo, Nicaragua, immediately after the arrival ofthe mail from New York, due here about the 13th Inst , torelieve the Levant, which a under orders to repair here•efore proceeding to the Sandwich Islands. The English•hffp •f-wnr Gary pso sails to day for the South Sen Ulnads.wills MMChe, which arrived here a few days ago, will warehouses, wharves, stations and offices; said landsSr.Uimeneta, Mhdster of the Interior, has resigoed.H a p<a«> a filled temporarily by the Minister of Justice.It a believed that Gen. carcia, Minister of War, will alsoresign seen. It is even rumored that he has already tendereu bis resignation. These changes in the Cabinet have will be visible in a large part of tbe United State and the given rise to a good deal of speculation as to the cause, British provinces. As the moon will then be about five but nothing bas yet publicly transpired to snow whetherthey have been occasioned by any misnnderstanding be-tween the retiring Ministers and the PresidentEBLABGEMBXT or THB BBIB CANALThe enlargement ot tha canal bas bitberto been so far ad- vanced that the eitiB ated amount of work now remaining to be cote to cow piste it, aa made up from the foregoing state-ments I*$674Cl»Jo.The whole work for which hi* gum is iateodei to provide,can, if the necessary means are seasonably fnrntahed, be so far performed previa"* to the opening of navigation nest •prtng (ineepiingof 1860) a* to give the full depth of sevea leet water the entire length of the canal. Tne rema'urog por- tito of tie work eaa be done, aad the canal entirelyfinishedby the spring of 1861.1be enlargement of the Erie canal from Albany toLock- port, a catenas cf 320 miles, may be fully completed, and a gcodsavigaUon w1thsevenfeetdepthafwas»fromlockport to fiuSa.0, may be secured on the opening of the spring aavl- gal'oB, for the sum of SS7« 260.BNLAKGBBKBT OS TBS OSWEGO CASH.Of tha section work on this canal, the enlargement of ten miles of tbe inland, and thirteen miles of the river portion, making togetisr twenty-three miles, are wholly completed,aadtbeamouBt required to bed me to finish the remaining distance below tbe surface of sevea feet depth of water, may also be completed in season for uae at the opening of naviga- t i e n t h e c o m i n g s p r i n g T o a c c o m p l i s h t i l * w o r k w i l l r e q u i r e an expenditure of $«6 000.X.NI.ARCMKNT Or TBS CATDGA ABO SBBECA CANAL.Tbe aaantiBsa section work may be so tor prosecuted dorkg lbs present season of suspended navigation as to admit of the opening of ttus cana' next spritg witb seven feet depth of water throughout its entire length, at a eostof $60,000. As a portionoftheworkatotundercontract,todothawurktothe extent above sated, will require an early provai m efThis proposition to provide seven feet of water on tbe entire length of tbe Erie, Oswego and Cay uga and Seneca cinals, on the opening of navigation this spring, would have required only the following sums of money .—Cat Good Friday night, while the nsutl procession com •••nfsrtrn of the death and burial of Christ, was panting thiiiiish tan streets, all at once the persons composing it becaane panic stricken, and the wildest oonfunion ensued. Men,women,andchildren,tothemostfranticmanner,ran through the streets some anresming at the top of their yeasts that a "revolution had broken out"—otheri "that n ifhi hnd occurred "—while the more cool snd dtspasaaaanto attempted to allay the excitement, by assuring the frightened multitude that nothing was the matter, which warned out to be the esse. It appears that a criminal had •neaped from prison, and while being pursued by the pottos, took refuge ta the prooeeswu, anl the police com- i n c . u p , l e d t h e p e o p l e t o b e l i e v e t h a t a n o t h e r o u t b r e a k ,tar to that of fast year, would break out. Finally, ' a great deal of trouble, quiet wan restored sad thefrom Kurope, in the last Royal i India iteamer ,'wu the wife of the French Admiral of thePacificsquadron. Shewill awaitherethearrival i of tan French squadron, with the Adml-I at this ptace has neat the _ by the steamer Ariel, which •rtf enable parties In the United States to get their lettersM M ten days sooner than by the regular mail steamer. HEWS FBOM CENTRAL AMERICA.BBAIM 99 HOK. MSTMU.T 8. CLABKB—A W T O TaBATY WTTB KICAKAOCA—COFFM OROP IN COS- TA a i c A — r o i m c i i , a t eICompany's steamer Guatemala, J. M. Daw, from Central American porta.shall be pointed out to him without prejudice to the forti- fications there existing,or woiks undertaken for their bet- ttr tecurity.Art 7. The grantee will have the right to transport freefrom port charges, freights and passengers from one extremhy of the transit to the other; and in exchange fortha privilege he agree* to carry free from charge all thecorrespondence of the government, and also that sent bymail, employes, soldiers, munitions of war and provisionswhich the government may desire to transport over thesaid transit; and be shall have tbe right to establish linesauxiliary to the transit, with the same privileges and ob- vestelb of all classes have entered the port of Valparaiso, that of Jupiter ta the forenoon of Thursday, May 24,NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.retarau>Mevieo. Who*theAlert teft J^seotoArenas,TZZE.i-*** SUA* wnater tojxwtoiR^wa.#i«ci«d there, sad * • » • «Wtt«n«lr mmorejl that he"ouid J w i « i tTpaasfta on (ho United States sent oavtract •hall take place from tbe 1st to the lfth ofB<ratedthat r I toueArt 14. The ratification by the government of «hs pre- •learnerlavast,onhitway »Wj*BtftfU«» Ootabarnext. . —8C.CC0aetata!, , 7<.©©tated been exported, and it was supposed lo,0»»wiuld some down after the holidays. Ibe price w u 12 b 18 cents sod upwardsTheelectiontorPresilectwasprooeedlog-quietly,and the last poU wit to he held yesterday—Easter Sunday.ECUADOR. GIN.I*ANC00MTMWANE-BISWJ1S DRAWING 10^h had bats the 7would,erethta,_GUATEMALA.BfVKBL Y 9 . CLABCE— IST1B88TISGyearlyEFFECTSOF REPUBLICANLEGISLATION,pAanctL AKs.There la no news of importance from this republic.Mr. Clarke, Resident Minister of the United Slates, died at the city of Guatemala on the 17th of March, of diaoe- tis, a dlseaee from which he had been suflering for a long time. The papers, ta snnounctng ha death, style him Aogustin B. L. Clarke, toe aasas given aim by the RomanThe Coita Rtea mail brings tidings of war, rsvolutioaABGtNTINB CONFEDERATION. TELEGRAPHIC AND RAILROAD PROJECTS—rBJSENT TO GARIBALDI, BTC., ETC.Our dates reach to tbe 23d of February, from Buenos Ayres, and tha 26th from Rosario aad Parana.We find no event of importance to notice for oar foreign readers. ^ ^_ . .]JJJ. S«Pt 80, taxesi t1*67 u II 1868I860TotaltrourssssaaAtoBa^i^,*l1y e x h ? h a r c f 1 * w ^rest, of the n»««u ii, .^SALVADOR.There is no news whatever from this republic, The Mows the time.e juLtry a tranquil and prosperous.NICARAGUA.OCR GaANADA COBBBSPONDSNCK.GnjJtATM, Nicaragua, Feb. 18,1890. Tie Canty Contract Not (As Thin?— General Cvs awl the Bum els Treaty—United States .l+tertsli tit tXe IraatUBow, dk.Tt.e HBBALD will reoeive with this a translation of the tate Runners transit contract, and, also, a translation of the Cnuty contract. The last a the latest that tha go- vert ment have concocted In that line To accomplish this wonderful feat, this sapient government alighted on two sages of Granada, and the- HBBALD herewith has the result of their acrimonious brain.n of the constttotkBT.?^*; . *» the a»-I cemmend the Cauty contract to your readers as the himself to be bamboczled by Martinez, and permltttag most absurd and one tided contract that ever emanated poor American citizens to sutler in this country, and not from any man. It looks very much as if vindicating their just rights, claims and all. Why lord ' if Cauty, agent, had merely said to the '•sages bewasoiilyPresident,well,hewouldmakemincemeatof of Granada," Seaors, make your own terms, Ixisco, dtc.Tbe Candinmarruh, the aoant cowritr of the Japanesetured and reported, they were allowed but two members, and tbe seven republican members of the committee were authorized to report any bill for passage.electors could overcome their repugnance to such M aaaif elation, tbey would still hesitate, from motives of ratter at d patriotic duty, at arming a-iui political Mwwaaer ceptiocsl class of the popuatiotj, whose prejmiiaes sadhundredconnection with tha subject, your correspondent can in and quadrilles. Tbe last ball was given for the Washington, it is expected, left San Fransteco on form the HxiuLD positively, that the Panama Railroad the benefit of several emigrating officers of them e Ariei b r a g s about twotwjf steerage, the rest first and second clans. The trtp hen been unusually pleasant, but not quite so quick as •he majht nave made it had there been any steamer ex •ec'ee down on the other side to connect with the Ariel.passengers—one-and one aft. The guns are about four pounders.and the interests that I represent are preparedto sign anything that will keep the transit across theSan Juan by a brilliant soiree at the Pacific Hotel ; theThe vessel ta one that the Dutch made them a presentof, being the first and only war ship that ever belonged opponents. Though such a choice was difficult and re- th Ilycor sum mated ,was designed to increase their numbernir.ro.os of Nicaragua closed, embarrass Commodore Vsu- first families attend, and enjoy themselves immensely inccrbilt, and benefit the Panama Railroad Company. In the mazes of the bewitching ''saBgano,'' "cacfao,"to the Japanese government.She came over from a small port about twelve milespulsive, the condition of administration and tbe necessi- by offering to such fugitives the protection of the ***•* ties of the State were such as oftentimes to compel the authorities, in defiance of the federal oonsttiolton. members of the minority to make their choice among tbe That the grtat body of the electors of the Stale wlUatoeg the coast. opened by the United States by force, or unless the vested was pleased with San Juan, and gave it decided preference The steamer brought down intelligence of the death or rights of the American Atlantic and Pacific Ship Canal over Reaiejo. The commander being a "minute man,"trast from the adnata*tens of Gov. Seward in his first mes page in 1838, and those of Governor Morgan in hta message to the present Legislature •Coupled with tha attempt to impose negro suffrago upon the State, has been a series of invasions of the fran- chises of white citizens, and the denial of suffrage toBen Beverly a Clarke, Inited Slates Minister to Gua Ccmpany are tettainel snd instated upon by the govern Aaxxgtbe passengers by the Ariel were Right Rev. mem at Washington.Etohtp *xtt. Bishop of Oregon and Wasningtou Territory, and ihrte young men just ordained tor the ministry, on tnetr way to settle in Oregon.Ocod Friday and Easter Sunday were both approas they sppeared after a long term of democratic and constitutional administration, said :—m»: refer to those which have enabled certain officers to holu over beyond their elected terms, aad others By which existing offices are abolished, and boards, appointedeloquent extempore sermon was delivered by Bubo? S c a t On Sunday a well written sermon fprepared for MM occaswa) was delivered by one of the young auaatsrsLouis Mclaxp. Esq , anl family, and Major McOoy, of Meiton wsr celebrity, were among the passengers Mr MsLane If one of tne house of Wei i, Fargj & Co . and e k e the managing agent of that house at San Francisco. He is brother of our Minister to Max co, and brother of the agent cf the Pacific Hail Company at Panama.other object than the securing or thta route to his fellow c:lzen8, snd thus obviating the road from falling into the hands of French adventurers and English capitalists, which it certainly will if Mr Cass does not move himself along briskly. Mr. Cass, however, politely in- timated to Ruicels that be had violated the Consular law, and weuld perhaps interfere with the arrangements of Lis government The more prudent plan would have been for the venerable Secretary to have held on to the Kunu<is contract until be conld do better—a bird in the band, *c , &c. However, a fatal error was committed:Wj ke, the British Minister, had been ratified by the Senate of Nicaragua; and bis departure from Reaiejo would seem to confirm tbe reportMr. CMmltry, resident Minister of tha United States, was stiH at Managua, but was expected to take passage soon in the United States sloop of war Levant, for Puenta Are- nas, Costa Ricawhen tbe Roanoke was at Pensacola being caulked, offi- cial orders were received to proceed immediately to As pinwall and await the arrival of tbe Japanese Commis- sioners Nothing was said in thta peremptory order aboufproceeeing first to Washington, consequently tha original orders are still regarded as to force.The Roanoke has not her full number of guns (sixty) at present mounted, there being now only forty mounted, which gives her 660 men, which is the number now on board, a very large proportion of whom are Americans.hue of the federal government. It has, nevertheless sustained tbe expenses of la own adaalolttraUon, founded and endowed abroad s< stem i f education charitable institutions for every class of the unfortunate, a&d a penitentiary establlshx ent which a adopted as a model of civilized nationi. It baa in creased four fold the wealth of its citizens, and relieved them from direct taxttn-n. And in adoiiloa to tha, a has earned forward a siurendous enterprise of improvement, all the wbUedUntaaBiiig hS debt, magnifying la credit, and augment- ing tto resources.Tbe new era which Gov. Seward initiated bas continued from that time to tha, occasionally interrupted by the ex- haustion of the Treasury and the unavailableness of Statetic n is scotiicr of these, and not the least dangerous aad suspicious.E1PIBLICAN8 IN FAVOR OF BRIBERY AT ELECTIONS. No attempt has been made to prevent bribery at etac- tiens, and the .judicious amendments of the constitution, repeateoly proposed by democrats and suppressed by tbe dominant party in former years, have been wholly stilled by the present majority. Y et no greater and more self -de- etructive evil can exist in a republic, and its continuation, unchecked, (with the sindred corruption that follows ta tbe official and representative force of the State,) most be fatal to the continuance of a representative system of go-Aa unfortunate occurrence happened oo shipboard Friday Bight. A Frenchman, forty two years of age, one ofMMseeks belonging to the ship, drank a quantity of aloo it a difficult to regain the lout. The citizens In the United art from a tan where tt was being kept stored on deck,Everything was quiet in tita little republic. Ex Presi- With her full complement of guns she carries 800 men; creait; but renewed whenever by democratic interposi- vernment.Bar bwraiBg under chafing dishes, and other cooking pur penes, and died from its tfiec's in terrible agony.k was, no donbt, n much better article than barrels of •toff dairy drank about the "P unto' and the Fourth and Hxth wards, but it was the quantity.The poor fellow was committed to the deep next day. who Burial services at sea were solemnly rend by the Btebop.The steamer Coruz leaves Panama this evening at high water,withthe Ariel'spassengersforSanFrancisco.The passengers all left this morning In the 8 o'clock trans far Panama.tbe rest of her guns (twenty) have been dismounted forthe purpose of giving more room, in which stateroomscould be pot up for the accommodation of the royalCommissioners. Six staterooms about ten feet square snd personal advancement.NIL DESPERAXDCht. We do not despair of tbe republicsir. Toucey, Secretory cf the Navy, deserves credit for Transit depended upon him, it would be un fait accompliin thirty six hours—if tbe government of the United States year, bad Mr Cass accepted the contract forwarded to would give tbe order. All well.the State Department at Washington by Ran Runnels, in aa. wYKE'a TRKATT— PROBABLE RATIFICATION—States interested in the welfare of the Nicaragua Transit, residing in this country, sincerely hope that the venerable and beloved Secretary of State sees his way clear through the labyrinths of this h'ghly interesting Nicaragua Transit question.The Cauty contract is so advantageous to this govern ment, that its ratification by the comiag Congress a not to be doubted.TH« TBAN8IT CONITtACT. [Translated for the New YORK HSRAIH ]dent Mora bas published a manifesto, stating that he h«s retired to ptlvaie life, and will reside in future in the city of San Salvador, where be is preparing to go into business. The coffee crop a larger than was anticipated: 1,600 bags, ier steamship Guatemala, are for the New York market, and 1,800 for San Francisco.tion either bad bern recruited, and returning prosperity tempted to new speculations those who bad before per verted government from its true tunctions to those of localArt 4. In conformity with the decree of the 30thMay, before mentioned, declaring the transit free to all na-tions, the grantee agrees to carry, at like rates and underthe same conditions,from ocean to ocean, all passengers, and ask for a divaion of government troops to protect materials, mercbandae, and mails, that are offered, from them against the neighboring tribes, who have refused to one extremity or the transit to the other, wi ho at, prece-south of Norfolk and north of Cincinnati, to Davenport, sell supporting, and relieve tbe property o vners of theAuuftY, April 17, 1860.EDWARD A. LAWRENCE, let Senate District.denceordistinctionofnationality,andaccepts,andagree* to conform to all the conditions mentioned in articles 18 and 19, of the treaty celebrated between Nicaragua andsubmit to tbe tertrs of neace.The Indians in the up, ar frontier still continue to comlowa; beyoad that line the planet will not be eclipsed, butwillpasssoathoftbemoon. Ittdaappearancebehindthe dark edge may be seen by the naked eye, but betterState from the burden ot direct contributions to their sup- port Nothingofthakindhasbeendone,orrecam mended by the present administration, and tbe practica-THOMAS.A.GARDINER,2d •« FRANCIS B. SP1NOLA, 3d a J, MtLEOD MURPHY, 4th •< BERNARD KELLY. Mb i i"l«. .i t< iti*first Ave years, the annuity shall be thirty thousand, dol- lars, payable one-half semi annually. provided, however, no other route shall have been establishedArt 6. The government of the Republis of Nicaragua eeoea to tbe grantee all the lands requisite at Castillo Viejo and Fort San Carlos for the purpose of buildingThe third ef these occultations will be that of Mare, ta the morniag before sunrise of Thursday, May 10. Itligations, from point to point oo the river; but he shall not enjoy tbe*right to land packages or merchandise on a n y o f s a i d p o i n t s e x c e p t t h o s e o c e u p t a d b y t h e g o v e r n - ment, without previous examination and order of the cus- tom house officer.Art S. If, during the term of the grant, another should he made to any company or individual, the land route set Hide (Senalade) for either shall not be situated within threehundredyardson each sideofthe route grantedin tha contract.Art 9. Tbe grantee shall not have the right to trans-port over the transit troops, arms and munitions of war, except granted by treaty with the republic of Nicaragua, and the nation to whom the same belong, or by permis- sion of tne authorities on MM frontier.Art. 10. The grantee will farntah tha government with a correct hat or all the ioais in hta sen ice employed on the take tad river: said boats shall carry the flag of Nica- ragua aft and the flag of their nationality forward; but ha anal] act have MMright ta arm said boats.Art. 11. DM grantee agrees to open tha transit, and ptace the same in fall operetiou.wlthta tha term of twelve months from the first day of October next; it being un- derstood that all the rights, immunities and privileges contained In this contract shall remain in force for the termofflftr years, to commence from the said first day of October, aad that at the expiration of this contract he shall have tha privilege to renew tha same over all other parties for the same route, accepting, however, the terms which may be offered f»r the same; but it is understood,however, that tha contract, Its conditions aad duration, are Kmitod by the toteroceanic canal contract celebrated with Mr Felix Bally and Company, and by the existence of the canal, by whatever manner it may have effectArt. 11 hi exchange for the am of tha land route aad improvemanta thereto belonging and appertaining, grant- ed in article 1 and acoaptsd la article 2, and of the con-mostly from foreign i>orta, with heavy and valuable car goes.promaes btatsetf to pay into the treaanry of the republicof Nicaragua, ta addition to tbe annuity mentioned in T«» everytatmfrom the article 6, and ta one amount, the sum of forty thousand dollars, on tha first day of March next, which said sumA CLOSE. .aua, thta ttth day of AugaM, A. D. 1 ^ ^ ^ The Franco government at Guayaquil tt on the wane,public see, eg eachTrau\ ' from debt aad ^,,OCBSANJUANDEL8TJBCOBBBSrONDWCB. gas JCAS DSX SCB, fab. 15, 1860.Rvmirrt of War and fi«woJtttt9»—.1*»MM« lanatap—IbBM•overnineat.of^ertao, at Qutta, ta gaining »W«MrMiijsry oar. l^aacohasnotreceivedthesuccorfromPresident Caitiila.of Peru, that he expected, and, as ha ta unsup- ported by the people of the country, he must soon relln- quah the reins of government. Che arrival of Gen Ur-Knsuing Year.and Us aecompaaytagptary republic. Tbe provtatonal government h a m dis- armed tbe minim, aad are looking dally for an attack from Mora and Canas. These gentlemen are ta Salvador re- cruiting troops; they nave two sailing vessels, and tt laaddress ef (ae Democratic abators ef (be Senate and iaWMdMy e f (toe State e f lew Yerk (e their CanstHoents.CONTINUATION OF THE LIST OF ACTS PASSED.. t h eta es* cf the iby the Governor, aader the tag to ate removal from am. smaa are hereby extended ie * * i Sac a. The saM tares Cbs shall than taks lief peitoeaf tsasdisastersin thatberetoforaexeat-from tbe Panama Railroad Company for the expedition They propose, it is said, to land at this place, with the permission of this government. Escalanti, Vice President under Mora, it at Managua arranging for the landing.ration, and one of ha first acts had been the depoeal of Colonel Anjel, author of the revolutionary movement in the province of Rtaja.A project had been presented to the government of Buenos A yret for establishing a telegraphic line between" * » • * » * for tha prastrate other gret-.teut o w they have been hoodwinked is a caution. Tbe most prominent citizens, with their families, are leaving daily, some for the Fast, some for the West and seme Tor South Carolina; in a short time this once thriving town will see grass growing in the streets and Its splendid edifices the abode of hogs, monkeys, wild beasts, and iguanas. The American Hotel, one of the most ele- gant mansions in town, is for sale, cheap, the proprietor, tbe Judge, having packed up hia kit and departed for Cos- ta Rica to Join the army.Landlord Greene, of the California Exchange, holds out well; he a a philosopher of the spyglass school; he may be seen any afternoon scanning the Horizon of the broad Pacific, looking for the good ship "Transit" The landlord ta down on the New York commodores for the wishy- washy way they do business, and Mr. Cass for allowiugtaddta of tbe country, silver mounted, requesting him to accept and use it in their name.Tbe question of tbe incorporation of Buenos Ayres in the Union continues in statu quo..•THE JAPANESEEMBASSY.OUT Jaspiawall Correspondence. AsrawAix, April 9,1800.Arrival o/ As Candinmarruk at San Francisco—The Ja- panese Embassy on their Way—They First Land at Xew-MsTsaasaithe w hole conot rn.Hen Juan Priest occasionally breaks the monotony ofto modify these which were presented; and they were conititution. A portion ef those whom it is BtweaaaSta left to the single alternative of choosmg between proposi- incorporate into tne electoral borty are the fugtovestavwe tions more or lees odious, commended't) them by their from the South ; and the lrgaiatk* of this winter par-sending him on tha coast. I Judge if the opening of the over and on hoard the Roanoke, when she will go directGovernor Seward, epeakug of the condition of affairs tb>m in important election? Among these abuses weto New Voik before going anywhere else, unless ordersare sent out by the next steamer countermanding orderswhich were received some ten months ago. Nothing has thta State. Is hss surrendered i'.s ab&re of tbe nation* 1 dom-iiii, by tbe Fxecotive or Legislature, substituted in theirbeen beard sf the expedition from the Navy Department Bad has relinquished for the general welfare, all the rereanes stead. Tbe law which takes from the voters of the city teresting Kpucopal services were hela. At the first an Your err respond* nt knows fall well that Runnels had no It was reported that the treaty negotiate 1 by Mr. since the orders above referred to, till four weeks ago, of forelf n eowmerce, equal to two-thirds of the entire expend! cf New York the right oi choosing tbe Inspectors of etac-This transit business might have been all settled lastprist*.y observed on the trip out On both occasions in- the genuine American spirit to which it was offered. MOVEMENTS OF THE UNITED STATES MINISTER-COST ARETIREMENT OF EX-PBESIDENT MORA—LARGE COFFEECROP.RICA.NEWS FROM THE SOUTH P ACIFIC,PROCRES8 OF CHILE—TOE PERUVIANS TIRED OF ters.WAK CAMILLA'S UNPOPULARITY—•-EXPECTED it will ha recollectedthat Commodore who had chargeMcCluny of theTheundersigned,Pedro Zeiedon,Minister for ForeignRelations of the government of the Republic of Nicara-gua, lull; authorized, and Mr. Ran Runnels, citizen of the GRAPH AND RAILROAD PROJECTS IN BCEN08 A VRES Equadron which took Commodore 1'eiry out to fidei t to veet tte latere** on tbe new canal debt of twelvel l U M i E OF GOVERNMENT IN ECUADOR—TELE- was the flag officerThe happening, therefore, of tour or these phenomena the blind and misguided policy which has loaded our msn for this great and patriotic task; and if it demand smd will await the action of Congress before declaring and materials s.tuated upon said line, being tbe property j government. Colonel Barbosa, who has had com in a large part of this country in a single month, between State with debt, and compelled It to carry weight in tbe sacrifices of persona ambition er feeling, make them atmit the greatest atrocikea, such as burning houses, mur- through aa opera glass. Through a telescope, Venus ble and sensible recommendation of the democratic StateThe receipts of the Custom House at thta port for the first two months of the present year have far exceeded those of a corresponding period of last year, aad It is thought that they will reach $900,000 at tbe end of the firrt quarter, which will double the amount received for the first quarter of 1869.days past the full, the emersion will take place on the dark side. Tbe color of Mars will be a fiery red, as it will be quite near tbe earth, indeed, at Mars' opposition to the sun, on July 17 next, it will be nearer to us than for severalyears,withahighsoutherndeclination,thusgiv- ing the astronomers at tbe Cape of Good Hope an excel- lent and rare opportunity for determining Its parallax witb greater precision.which also will be visible in a large part of tha country, but which, taking place whilst the sun to above the hori- z o n , c a n n o t b e s e e n e x c e p t w i t h t h e a i d o f a v e r y g o o d telescope.In tbe remainder of 1800, and in the whole of 1862, no bright planet will be eclipsed in New England. In the evening or Hay 12,1861, Mars will be, but then the planet will be quite low and very remote, so that It win shine withbutlittleofitsbrilliancyinJulvnextAt the Observatory of Harvard College the above phe- nomena will take place as follows, by computation from the elements given in the English Nautical Almanac :—OOfTLTATlOH' Or TBS FLAHBT VESrs. Tuesday evening, April 24, I860.Immersion begins.... 8h. 40m 63eec. P. M.) Mean timeDuring the first seventy days of this year, one hundredThe fourth of thta extraordinary series of occultations isS r . T a r e r a , C h a r g e d " A f f a i r e s o f S p a i n , a c c r e d i t e d this country, has lately arrived.t oAmong tbe passengers per last steamer from Panama, was William Wheelright, Esq., who has done more, per- haps, by bis enterprise, to develops the resources of the West Coast than any man who has ever visled this sec- tionofthecountry.His energies are now directed towards the laudable en- ter prise of constructing a railroad which a to connect Chile with the Argentine Provinces.The article that appeared in tbe HERALD a short time since relative to tbe seizure of the Lobes Islands by the United States, bas created considerable excitement hero among the natives, and may be productive of much good, and tend to a more speedy settlement of our affairs with Chita A few more articles of the same kind and a little action would soon settle tbe business.Hon. John Blgier, United States Minister, and family, arrive! here yesterday in the steamer Bio Bio, from Tal- cuabnana. after a vary pleasant visit of ton days.There a no change to note in commercial matters since tbe sailing of the last steamer. The demand for articles of import ot nearly every description continues active. An advance of one and a quarter cents ta American gray domestics his taken place, owing to tbe scarcity of the article OBhand. Tha advance mnnot be maintained long, as several parcels are expected to arrive soon. Coppsr in bars commands high prices, 1,800 quintals having changed hands m this market since the departure of last steamer, at $20 60 cash. Holders are asking $21 cash.There ta bat little doing In flour; prices remain un- changed. Tbe new crop will soon arrive, when. It aJOHN a HALL, Seneca. RJCHABD J. CORNELIUS, Suffolk. ABRAM W. DECKER, Sullivan. JEREMIAH a.ARK, Later.JOHN H KORrRIGHT, Ulster.N. HOLMES OJJEIX, Westchester.*shall have no effect from causes not depending:upon tha will of Moarsfua, ta which case the products of the tran- tot that may be eatablhhad shall remain hypothecated for tsarataabarsatasatof aaJdauat, with the additional pre-ntum per annum interest, hut Nwa- lall hberty to reapond to any otherML *ar any faMaro oa the part of titaallandeverypartofthtacontracthewillforfeithta therein conceded, the mVaey paid and improve- vantages he has acquired for the country in his late exoa- and at the emersion 11m. 24s. soath of the centre of the thh subserviency of tha interests of the canal toAH criminal prooawa ^•^-taataosortaoia to She 5 * i * ^ B — * t e r •• shape*.:ieflattfl-»c> is* no.batata*» lOrbeiheSupi lata o a), it..uadarsuchdteteti"Edehy taw miesastea of aa tos,•w*»taaeaB.a* tan1PEBU. CASTILLA'S PROCLAMATION CONCERNINGThe people of the State ef New York, rofa^seated • Senate tad Assembly, do enact as foftaws:—TOLIVTA— raoFLBoprosapTO WAB—THEMURDEROP CAFT.Immersion begins » totalEmersionbegins " total.lOh. 28m. asso. A. M. 1 M 10h.2ta.B»*BC.A.M.I,ie**tt,B*lib.14mSOsee.A.M.foanatu.. mrwLAMBERT,ETC.We have nothing of importance from Para. Presidentpower,aadthattheirpurposeta1869wastobestowIt lib. 16m tea. P. M. I ** * *" upon the majority of the Contracting Board.£2«tnervef,»passedAprilaftesotlv«£"** "ftf and fifty seven, • hereby amended se as to rasa ** —ThecountiesofNewYork,KingsSec. 2. The counties or aew iors, pong-•-"T"r^ind, and the towns of Newtown, .ad^UebWoBd, and the town, of Newtown, MustangJ*JCsatiltabaaiwuedaproclamationsettingforthtitaadAttheimmersion,atCambridgeJupiterwillbe11m.lis. Tbe people, we believe, have become weary ofoverthrow of Castilta " j g ^ t t « * a ^ f l B a T Shighly by the Itahto myttic art.1^JSmmmmm***** ,*7furUiefquarter, asabout three filths of its illuminated dttc will be turned towards the earth.disregard and neglect.In ha annual report to the legislature, dated JanuaryRICHARD B. CONNOLLY, 7thiiIItotal Emersion begins " total.8b. 41m. 43seo P. M. I at9b. 28m. 29ssa. P. M. | Cambridge »h. 29m. 17sec. P. M. J Observatory.For Erie Canal enlargement For Oswego cana]For Cayuga and SenecaTotal$274,260 80,000 60,000$430,260The planet seta, 10:47 P. M.At tbe immersion, at Cambridge, the planet will be 12m. 14s., and at tbe emersion Om 41s. south of the centre of the moon. At the city of New Haven, immersion begins at 8h. 37m. P. M.; emersion begins at Oh. 2tm. P. M., mean time at New Haven.At the dry of New York—8b. 35>4m. P. M.) Mean time si9b. le»4'm. P. M. / New York. At tbe immersion at New York, the planet will be 13m. 46s. and at the emersion 8m. 53s. south of the cen-tre of the moon.In tbe chy of Cincinnati, the planet win not be eclipsed;but at 8h. 14m. (Cincinnati time), when at its least dta- tance from the moon, it will be 20B. south of the moon's edge.APKIL 27—PLAirxr reran.Least datance at Cambridge at Oh 8m A. M (m. t Cam-bridge), when Jupiter wiQ.be l ^ m . south of the moon's e d n - bat hi tbe northern part of Maine, New Hampshire, and British provinces, it wtll be eclipsed.MAY 10— OOCTLTATJOSt Of MASS.Immersion of centre..3h. 86m. 39sec. A. M.) Mean time Emersion begins 4h. 42m. 14eec A. M. y at—a sum entirely within tbe command of the LegislatureU it bad been solicitous of tbe interests of the canals, andone which tbe people would have readily granted. • TbeLegislature, however, refused to make the provisioncalled for, or any other provision for making tbe enlarge- several others under advisement. Among the former a ment available to boats of the largest tonnage, and pre-a bill to open Madison avenue to Seventy ninth street,Immersion begins. Emersion beginsferred to waste the session ta discussions shoot slavery,the concoction of measures to nulnfy tbe constitution, ina war upon classes aad speetal Interests, In experimentol tbe Harlem Railroad op Fourth avenue to Forty sewed legislation, ta the capricious granting and revocation offranchises to suit party purposes, snd In adding new bur-dens to snd multiplying useless offices upon the canals.Total Emersion. an. a t e . tsac. A. M j Oambridge, the course of the republt-ans was dictated by a determi-At the immersion Mars will beflzm 32s-and at emersion 7m. 44s. north of the centre of the moon.BAY 24—OCCULTATION Of JrPTTER.nation to control puilic expenditures for party purposes:and ta both cases their action was intended to baffle thepopular wul ta this respect; far nothing can be more in-disputable than that the intention of the people in electingtheCanal Board of <M was to intrust them withthis tropolitanPohbe datrtet,aadtoprovidefor the gerersV Hta IpreaaofataropeforbjsUntitled Document1 r " ."Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^._.Section 1. The act entlttad -An actto estsMMhiajtadition agaiBSt Ecuador, and reiterates hta determinationto bring Bohva to terms As nothing was gained by Castlllas war with Ecuador, but a great deal of the publictreasure squandered, tha peopta of Peru are opposed to awsr with Bolivia The press ot Lima openly denounce the Europe, will make ha first appearance before aa Aatori- seem, by tha party ta power, as a means of patronage Jhtab ghaUbeSBOwnes aad called the MetropohtoB rV acheseandItsauthor Bate comments with severity caa audiencetoday,at Hope Chapel,Broadway,tahta aad an excuse for expenditure aad resortsta public £*dtaUietoftheStateofNewYork _,fc^IlB<1i.araiat the entire policy of Castllla's admlnatratlon It splendid drawing room entertainment* of natural magic, loans. The people, however, have come to the conclusion 8eo.T The powers aad duties < ^ » e ^ ^ * ^ S ta very evident that should h« carry out hta intentions before her Majesty < that tba system of accumulating debt must oease, and dent to the pottos foverament aad dactplawef tne a w datitot,shall be, M a berelnsfter moresax^alryprB-moon.tbe necessities of party. B is now twenty two years since they were takes out of the hands of the democrats for tbe purpose of "more speedy" completion, aad they are yet unnntibed, sad are purposely kept so, it wouldin the county ot Queens, are herebyJ*m*tea in the county ef Queens, are hereby coB**it*esTax GBSAT BOYAL WIXASP.—Professor Hambajer, tbe great royal wizard, who recently arrived ta Mas city fromtot*)&t.22ffasl*Wi«StADDBXS8TOTHEDEMOCRATSOfTHESTATEOFNEW was negatived by a vote of ZB.&TZl^^J}* *Constituting but a small minority ta either House, thedemocrats were powerie-s to guide or arrest the progressof legislation. They were not only completely excludedfrom control in the ordinary committees of the House, Tbey wmreopgntaeit a, the first J A S S h bat in tbe constitution of tbe Select Committee of Nine of introduce sn Inferior race into rar miutia, ourjurTusflork— Quick Voyage Between Japan and San Fran tne Assembly, by which tbe great mass of bills were ma- our<»mm<mBchoote,sndourpabiKofflosa. if t C • h L 'embassy, is a small screw steamer of about 860 tons,It was thus impossible for the democratic representa-mountedwithfourguns—oneon etchside,one forward tivestoinitiateany measure of legislation,ormaterially sympathiesplace them man aMltuds ofhostilitytotheCompany, m con Legion with the present Administration Costa Rican army, on tneir way to join Mora. from Jeddo, under steam part and tail most of the "way, lesser evils urged upon them by the responsible majority. rally to tte side of the democrats, and vote down toe at Managua, are determined to use all means to keep tha The ball was worthy of the occasion; and the gallant in thirty f-even days, touching for coal at one of the ports Tbe tendencies of the government, aided by forced in- proposed amendment, whjch a intended to recruit the transit closed ; my Informants bold positions of trutt both fellows will, no doubt, forever remember that festive oc- terpretations of tbe constitution, and 'he modifications of ranks of fanatical abolitionism and sectionahun, for tteHy with the letter, inasmuch as the sailing of the here and in Panama. If the Postmaster General, Mr. casion. The Nina Juana—the belle of the country—dis- of the Sandwich Islands. The quick trip is accounted for parliamentary law, have all b«en in a direction to exclnae war upon the constitution, tbe undersigned will sot per- -n— ofthe30thconldnothavebeenknowninCaii- Bolt, ever expects to nationalize tne Isthmus of tinguished herseif byfeatsneverbeforeattemptedhere. byherhavingonboardan American navalofficer who theminorityoflegislativebodiesfrominfluenceandcon- mittbemfelvestodoubt.use other and ink. Your correspondent ta compelled in bis Uudabie deetre to write the truth, and that the HSSALD may not be mis- led by hireling correspondents of ibis government, to re- peat what he has so often written, namely—there neverot the kind ever seen in San Juan.The stoop Levant, Commander Hunt, from Reaiejo, on acruise down the coast, called In here on the Hth met., and remained twenty-four heurs. The Consul wss on board, and received, on disembarking, tbe usual salute. The officers visited the Consulate, and inpressed all *ith theirUnited States malls, hewill have to ones of penarRumeLtfl than thesilentTfaere wlU he some passengers, but little freight, being^r—« whteh wss brought do*n to P«n»mi by tl« Englishsseesner on HaturOay , and ih. Panama railroad's steamerfswatemala, which runs between Panama and ports up will be a transit across this Isthmus unices the road ta gentlemanly bearing and gallantry. Commander HuntWe cannot do better, perhaps, than to make this con- ceived soy marks of popular apu'ovalbare been erected out alt on the lower gun deck, near the Commodore's quarters, with two berths in each room for the Commissioners. The balance are to be stowed away on the deck above, as they are not permitted by their customs to steep on the same Moor with their royal mas-THE SniMABY OF CORRUPT LEGISLATION.Tbe ftunicary ol tbe consequences ol this unhappy legislaticn can best betnade in the language of Gov. Morgan himself:In ISM, tbe revenues were, for the first time, inadequate to meet all tbe requirement* of the constitution, tbe tiro handttd thousanddollar*fortbe support ol government not having been paid tbal \ear In 18M, tbe canal revenue* were in*ut-We beiave in tbe perpetuity of the Union and the constitution. The abuses which exist in the administration of tbe laws must ne-Btstory furnishes no parallel to the naandal achievement ofceFraiily be temporary, and will cease when tbe alien ticn of the people is aroused to their true character and consequence. It has been the artful device of dema* gogues, interested to mtajEOvernment, to direct the atten- tion of the muses from profligacy and mismanagement at borne, to tbe condition of distant Terrioriew, or thesolitringsof theservile classinour neighboringStates. The sj mpatby thus devoted to alien ana distant objects bas been wasted, so far aa; racuc-l results are regarded— nay, hasbeen productive o evil coosequeBces to tbavery class in whose behalf it has been invoke!. But the Japanese character than any other officer in the firat eoBBthiittonal requirement of $1 700.000 for tbe mtereet i-rtaur evils still have fafub ut<m the peopla of oar ownbeen of a character that wise forecast and prudent almin- to the cry of sectionalism, nor to the fatee appeal of iMration would have prevented. If the accumulation of fanatics and demagogues, who would fain persuade youOne of the measures dictated by an extreme aad reek- lets partiranship was tbe repeal of the taw which placed tbe lupertateadence of the canals ta tbe charge of tbe appointees of the Contracting Board. White the Ameri- cans retained control of tbe Canal Board ta 1867, tbe republican I*gatoture took away from that body the ap- point ment of superintendents and engineers, aad gave them to the Contracting Board; aad so the law remained through all tbe •ubeeanent changes until now, when the electors, having chosen a majority of democrats to the Contrading Board, the republican Legislature transfers the istronage back to the Canal Board. In both cases,THE NEW POLICE LAW.Bekrw we give an abstract of the aew Police law, aad tbe clauses that wa have printed contain the potato of elf• ferance between hand the old taw. The clauses oatittadare essentially contained ta the latter -AN ACT TO AMBND A N ACT ENTITLED " A N ACT TO ES-TASISH A METEOFOUTAN POLICE BIETWCT^AWB TO FBornw ton THE GOVERNMEUT TKUMOT, PASSED APRIL 15, 1857. PASSED APRIL 10, 18W, THREB-riETHS SETieS PWJMEMT.rWindsorandBalmoralCastles. Pro- aoexigencyefthepubliccredit,thatcanBOWbecootem Sitoe^Tvestsdtasadexarcaed ffAJyyjgf^t» ke«^>thsV^li^^ iS 2J" » »°nld taffy's*,, < ,tewhich a SHsatsed upon Dr1val?£ta,, VTM******* totaai Insteadofthta,tbTcaoaa^B^H2^,*1 Pro«»rtr,ir<1byment to be refundedfrom toe £L T ° * **» «-ta-r fre«AodltorBsa^!, ^|^^^«^ We"^and whichfavor.. . . . . . . .3J0SOOWhat w s s characteristic ta thta vote was that . h - conatiea on Long Island aad the Hudaos, where TL£? derabte portion of the colored pop-lauea reaiMB. t * £af tbe _deem sBlCctaattojataadafta a sah-latrw signed wthsshstfiafaaian*to»«r of prectoeai may be sMh-datrteie aad asslgtMBtaa of sabee by the aata steer eouBty towns efgfCteg*, or to lag aad Jamaica, ta tbe cotar ties of Rtottansei ar Wdata Beard mar »#»tal theretogtaat ta eoaaaaad of such ? aua, under the rules and re( without increase ef pay.• * • *Sac 11. The euots of pstre Tart, aad whose asrvMssa tribcuou of said county to titaall apt erased one n Beard ot &aperv»ora of eeteraune an *dditiiw»al UUL Boot* ef patrolmen 'Or the ci service* are ta he paM for i atty, to tbe general poiks fun dr»s, unless the Qaaaaa {teastoticn, authorize* the Beard « petat an aad it cnei specific •nay be paassd from feme to tin ef:teperraorsarShesaidCom,SK. 12 rheqcalifled roteis -fwasptctive couBbes ef KUttt, 1 R a»def -a*', of toeJownsrtsj^f tag sad Jamaica, m the county i>« vote'* of Say Mc^rporatea Wjriropoman Police D*unct, igaeaai or special towBaatwaaf SBO eetermtce if a regular pat Msber or rvguiar patrn m«a. Beard oi M*u«poh aa Pol**, ner incorporated tillage, aaa to to be raised by tax, to suoh to Mr cent/ Intttuo to tne atatret*•neb t*ire1man or patrolmen. two oi any such actios of aay Isgvo, tbe Board of SaporVMOI SBcii test ;r sitaated, or she w village, shall cause the earn wbh tn« other expenses ofspeetal town meeting or village sarpos's atoreaaM, may at any tathe msanor provided by a stfs.as aow auhoruatl ta the t tagfi Wttbin the laid dUteid aforesaid, the eountias of R-. Qoeeas, aad such towns a the iwstiua the bounds of the city of essse ttabta to the imposition of partial expenses of the Board ol vided for or incurred by tha aotordtag to toe provnuoaa c ihsa such proportion of the gt a to be imnosed upon the tea preportioc to tbe number of such ba*n er towns.••a* Sec. 10. The Board of Poliosfcwey or ajiproneoston of riot, peat ae many speetal patrol smeog tL t citizens as it may d< aay cay of pabiw election it me a thecity of New York not special patrolmen, who mar bfund, contributed by said etty, servicesassuch special patrol tba*. each special paUolmaa so beiiwe any Commtesiouer ot 1 of Police Force, or the chief CM pahtan. Police, at tbe time of itmt mtcrfare ta aay masner w,t •-mu» say for waten be ta appi eepsettieg hta own vote; aad pr he wiihttid. sad he may be de eeaaeaaor, if tbe terms ot sa to teg the te m of service of •By-tee 1 aa aLrrcnam be abal? x*» privttog*s, and perform all the i the standing foice of tne dta patrolman snail wear so embk laraahed by the Boarc of M>u.* * • « Stc 27.' The Oimmiasime-sfarti> ;atiC*= of the po..joe govi Metropolitan cobae Ois.tr,cl,e&d pesffcimg ice pohes discipline o mea>o*re •>• the MetropoHao •rod to n.k.1, modify aad re| "rales ana rej:i.'atioos or gan*to acdi'ioii to such other prov expedient t.v saw ... immssiooej tally aefiaed, en^uierateti at.. and dii»-:e* o, the S'ipermtead--n the Inspectors and Captain* of Cle*kauf is* said B**rd, or ins mae, a*d or too members ofForo; an*! wb»vui anail oes; toteisBent to and reciuvai from leader t aad litspoctars ana the i ":«*, Police lore, and ifij an • £ ' 4 I'oiK^- F a r o e : l s r o v t o e U u *fBC*P r o > - or regtua<„aBB »ba)the SIBT:?)OS« of uu, aauB ...d tica ol. fj,e> Laitoo S-aitw, or of <8cc3*V.i,esevtrtlrc^rn'-wra have pwer and antoo ity u> ft»«we vent, end to take lato ou»,c IftStiait, cr threUvi, Ort-'J^&l sence ef east Uitalii, or aithij tte ptace, or c*n*,.tic • li.reeUy pn gataiuro or by a»y Qriti!«r>«j*o Withis which tbe offence « coaw temateo bin ,t,ch member of u meclately »n,l without de'ay, ap BeraoBVur* ofT-ndtr i*-io/e tin he may tie <t**u man accoraiag tSee- 81 Ta* office CM iksyui* 8 arts**) hy ite act cf w; :eb 'tb: hereby at".''-'bed. bnt tb«- B^ar abaU aprio-ri tb<" p- rsoig to" ac*ea»o*B'» n u« jjspectw* o: toe twovtted \ty »>ns tci; and th«* s on*bEBe*l fu membersbipof the httar even last nursed deeignat mayappwratiromtoe-captoro t»» adoltiot a! iu^,< ^e of M< e^iss shall be pr*»arit>e>ti nv »hiPi^we, by lis rules and regulate sptcjtor* uiai! always pen-wto ai • * * «**e 40 Tb* Superintendent o eean captain of Mj.oe wataia hi • J j w a j f B u f R - j i t r a . p o i . e e - 3 - J J : i •. •»»beeesea pawnVrokers, liaeos' saap keeperr, jaak bsetsMa, Ha|moBae L . M •nerobaaoae, at'ett wsatunters o. waicbesan. «»-, wopotoan pailse datrtet- aito ; taeeheraaneofaato •opervteloa •Sspwwer mem'Mts of the police •bBdnties to toe eforwuM prcm" ^ e wcair-ed, by the B.'an said sipfcriotedcst, itvi cr. % • » » , by authority in writl •f the Metropolitan patio'tor snail be ta searoh of l, or to xoareh of aaspaated >wf any paw,brater ar n« tss premtses V aay Keenshop teeper, or dealer a ? '*" gwBoe office keeper, or i . or boat of aay jaak be Pte ef the Mebopotaaa Hano, ta a t a writtBg by tne sapermtea"' « a pawnhnker'- r oei esamtae tbe property | -J, or deposited epoa • sr {caetiMon sail p t> shall be taken frobw of this etasi among them; while the wantteTsJTtit. northern borders aad in tbe west, which dTsot S r W any of tha class, were strongest m the expremtoa u 1 desire for tha association. "ai'masa ef aWe believe the judgment of the people will he etctarei nbw on tbe side ef those who epokTaod^seto.T?^ knowledge of tbe unfitness of tastes?fu^ttatBsfcmROBERT Y. GRANT,ANDREW J. COLVKN,ISAIAH BLOOD,SAMUEL W. GIBBS, Albaay.RICHARD J. GARRITTdON. Dutchess JAMES KENNEDY, Fulton and Hamilton. GERRY COONLEY, Greene.THEOPH1LU8 CALLICorT, Kings. WILLIAM C JONES, Kings.JAMI8 DABCY, Kings.ANDREW A. MYERS, Kings. CHARLES KEL8EY, King?WILLIAM BURNS, New York. WILLIAM WALSH, New York CHRISTIAN B. WOODRUFF, New York WILLIAMCOVER,NewYork. W1UIAM L. COLES, New York. SAMUEL T- WEBSTER, New York. THOMAS u RORKE, New York. ANDREW SMItH, New YorkPETER MASTER80N. New York TBEODORE B V00RHEE8,New York. GEORGE W. VARIAN, Now York.H E N R Y A R C U L A R 1 U S , N e w Y o r k WILLIAM HARRIS, New York.PETER C. REG AN, Orange.HARVEY B. CADWELL, Orange. STEPHEN TABER, Queens.JOHN PETTn, Queens.THEODORE C. VERMILYE, Richmond PETER a YEURY. Rockland.JOHN FULTON. Saratoga.JOHN W. COUCHMAN, Schoharie.THE GOVERNOR'S LABORS.Tbe Governor has already signed over five hundred bills which ware passed by tbe tast Legtatature, aad batwhich a. de /acta, tbe initiatory step towards exieadtaf,Bth18th 16lh '•H••«•*•*_« aaasfpVoaotaj '»E said fcosa,  