 NEW YORK HERALD.t.»WW^^WWMMAAA«iJ A M B S O O E O O l l l l l l f t iT n e " I m p r e s s I t j l e C C o o am v f f i l i l e c t t " " A m o n g t h e Democracy-The Rerelmttoai Pi»freee- twg.W a r t aw h e r e t h e y a r e t o g e t l a n d t o s e t t l e o n w h e n•^vw^vw*a_m_-I_I-u~ nr^"!"' —- ——^^^j.^fc^Ma * * * ' f b « • • * * . drasatjtaaawew t a d I»••'• * **»*!NEWS FROMTHENATIONAL CAPIT* Oar SperUl•"rwa DAttr mmuut a— TUBWKMMITMSMAtp. ~nm+wr.mhPJK*?!} *£[Z*L2.m2zL« f**<mt$ p* circumstances." Thereason advancedhyMr. Taylor for this decree is. that the antagonism betweensquattersovereigntyintheTerritorieshad been killed, Including fourteen of their corpus? chiefis.tnCAtaeEEU MATt Ifthetruthlaeretknowncancamp. SenatorWilson,withSumnerandJohn Brown in his boat, is sailing between the Uiued that Senator Haie'abill for a daily mail by the ^"rmFlZMiiVSMSSmwith its immorality, to represent any violence, Douglasism, on the rising and roaring tide of disorderorcrimewhich mayoccuramonglib apoliticalrevolution.rowdy class in the most heinous light, and topicture the metropolis as a united Sodom andCongress by a powerful lobby, la and oat of Oonfreei,, the interestoftheFteamahtpcoapaniea. SenatorGt, waaittCliaedUifaTorthMbu^a^rfailmftoaiicceed^ his "ox-bow," or Butterieid route, but it is said be *. taioed a promise from Postmaster General HoU that | Hale'a bill should not be allowed to paaa, he (BoU) aflbrd every facility for carrying the mails by r n » abip via the Isthmus. Aeoordinfly, Bale's bill did *AMIiSEMEVTB TO MOBEOW 1X1X1*0.SAV*.LACTBA KBMVS TB*ATBS, B*. EM B*0s4way.-T»- MMW-MV TODM WfTI A*» OU> UBUUUUA.and the protection of slavery therein by Con- gress, which broke up at Charleston and a t Bal- timore the National Convention of the party, m an antagonism which still continues, "and is such as must preclude the possihility of any union" between the belligerent factions "in the support o f a common electoral ticket in anyGomorrah—a terror to the peaceful dwellers in the rural districts. But a spectacle was wit- nessed on Friday, in the little village of Belvi-THE NEWS FROM MEXICO.—We give elsewhere, to-day the full particulars, as far as received, of the reported defeat and capture of Miramon,f n u n ftAxnn,wurrmm «uu»nWALLACE'S THBATEK, aV«e*tway.~G*BAX EASftaS-dere, New Jersey, nestling la the rery heart of and of the movement of Vidaurri in Nuevo pass. It M<new asanrtad that tfvee Senators, inch*=formed and valiant race—were mowad down in thousandsbythemilitary,andindiscriminately shot by the other colonists. It was their exter- minationthat wasaimedat;buttheNewZea- lander was endowed b y nature witil too much physical and mental stature to be so quickly and remorselessly swept from [the free of the earth, in order to leave the rich lands of his in- heritance in the undisputed possession of a par-I,—coumsra—Brew EOT.B1BUPS SALOOW. Brm4wmr.-a«o. C m r r l MM- must all end in smoke—that there is an "irre-of the least sensitive, and make us wonderreport of some grand victory, like the presenti in 80m*. Daaeas, B n u i m **•—«*»*»»• Lots*.MATIOWAJ. OOKCBBT 8ALOOB, BaUooal ttsatra.— tow DAMH,InuMvw.Ac.pressible conflict" between the Douglas and Breckinridgedivisionsofthedemocracywhichone of the capture of Miramon, of which wePALACE aABDEtf, Fourteenth street-VoCAi A*» 1»- must be fought out In a word, we now per-tion of massacre after massacre upon the com- paratively defenceless bodies ofj the aboriginal inhabitants.to a sense of that decency and solemnity with! which, even amctag savage bribes, death is in- vested.ment of Yidaurri in favor of the recall of ex- President Comonfort, though requiring con-stead of investing the public money to open it highways in other countries, is vastly more sa sible and economical. The greater enconragemac the government gives to the est&bltohment « wagon road| and mail routes across our own Territorial,•raraaxTU Oowosa*. ^CABTEKBUBT 00ECBBT8AL00M, SB Broad way.-MewYork,Swatelmjr,Jtolr«.I860.T lie Now*. Theoldcan*ofMcCotteragainstthecity,toCompelthemtoperformtheircontractforthepur-chase of lands on Wards* bland, made with him bythe (•(mmon Council, wasreported on by there-ceive that the split in the party camp, com-menced at Charleston and consummated at Bal-timore, was not a temporary alienation betweentheNorthernandSouthernwingsofthedemo-cracy,butapermanentrupture,markingthe trulywrittenwouldconveyhorflortothemind theCourtHouseatBelvidere. Thechronicles policy,whichhassolongruledtheGabinet establishsettlementsalongthoseroutes,andthusU:..final dissolution of this old democratic party. of every reader. It is a darty page in the of Newgate and the Old Bailey, in the British of President Juarez. The separation of tate the construction of a railway unitiag the Statai and commercial cities o f t h e t w o great oceans, if taiferee in favor of McCotter to the amount of nearly We should not be surprised if by Novembersloughof corruption. Theorgies aroundthe gibbet havetherebeen commencedat—."ITAsmattersnowstand,itisprobablethat while Douglaswill leaveBreckinridgeina slenderminorityoftheNortherndemocratic vote,thereversewillbethecasein theSouth.eyesofthephilanthropist,andaterriblerecord metropolis,furnishmanymelancholyexamples Lerdo,theablestfinancierandstatesman peoplewillkeep-monoutofCongresswholendalltheir$f0n o t b e t o o o f t e n a p p l i e d t o t h e m ; b u t f o r * ,5-Douglas National Democratic Executive Com-mittee at Washington, denouncing any jointstockarrangementswiththeBreckinridgefac-tion -at any time, in any place, or under any seeaes which followed the early colonization ofState, no matter what may be the probable re- cel of unscrupulous invaders, whose hands werea>beauteous country, where one would supposethe softer and finer feelings of human natureLeon for the recall of ex-President Comonfort inf Mr. Owin, labored three days daring last w«V In both of its aspects this news is important, with the Postmaster General to induce him ta Masbut it requires confirmation. A s regards the his promise. It is reported that vary angry wor* were uttered; that Holt was reminded of his prom*have placed the republican party in the ascendency on tk Pacific. This same Senator, it to enrroutry report* politely informed Mr. Postmaster General Holt that ha for h i s official poattioa a s a Cabinet officer h e would a t I his ears off. There is 00 doubt that the establishment *sult init without such a union."Itisthus apparent that allthe movementsin too many cases stained with! murder, to thelasting disgrace of themselvesandtheircoun-might be nurtured, and that insensibility toemotion which the demoralisation of a great reftofjt of the capture of Miramon, we will onlywas assured by one of the Senators that bat for ka promisetosendthemailapersteamships,he (the Be» tor) could have passed Senator Bale's b a t , which «BABNTV8 AMEBICABMPSE0M.Broadway-Day«"*E^hU-r*i»*H«**t K i m Won rata L*W-PK«»WI*not. « A Hmc* rmot*—**wmmrni* BVissawa—panta and overtures and propositions among our de- try. Ma* or MAHcmwrtt-LiTi.xf Cvaioamae, Bo.cityso often generates might beunknown— saythat it is a characteristic of thepresenta spectacle was witnessed in that village on contest in Mexico that whenever the constitu-Friday last which New York, or perhaps no tional party has suffered a severe defeat in the would assuredly have done, notwithstanding it woa*BETAMW MrXBTBELfi.HaJd.471 Broad way. ATmocratic spoils politicians to bring about ajoint stock electoral ticket in Virginia, Penn-sylvania, New Jersey, New York and elsewhere,The prime source of England's great political power unquestionably lies in her colonial em- pire, upon which, as they say in Albion, the sun never sets. But the acquisition {of these domi- nions was not achieved by ^her without vastinterior, as was recently the case At Guadala- sent—a scene calculated to shock the feelings jara, it has been immediately followed by a$140,000. Thedecisionof thereferee was filedyesterdaybyMr.McMahouonbehalfofMr.Mc-thereshouldbeaprettysolidconcentrationof CaffresattheCapeofGoodItope,andthenight,theeagerparticipants,men,womenKEW YORKE n g l a n d a n d H e rETew Zeal;••D, SUNDAY, JULY Bt I860,—•. •i1nlaws to govern them during the period of their people are abolitionists enough to bate the Our democratic readers hare doubtless pe- find that a bloody war was ragiag there be- intellectual inferiority. Will some of the black Southern political nigger drivers, and too ruaed aad inwardly digested the manifesto, tween the British troops and the native popula. republicans tell us what they propose to do with, shrewd business men to lore the John Brown which we published yesterday, from the Hon. tioa. New Plymouth was the principal seat of the four millions of negroes in the Southern principles of the black republicans. U the Miles Taylor, of Louisiana, Chairman or the the fighting, and large numbers of theMaoris Statef after they have set them free by habeas Douglas leaders there have the wit to play their "half-truths" skilfully, they will take half of New England clean out of the black republi-and consideration.By the latest accounts from New Zealand weThe colonial history of England is associatedWe refer to the scandalous occurrences whichagainstthenationwhichcausedsuchdeedsof slaughterandrapinetobeenacted.TheBritishwars inIndiaweremonumentsof unholy carnage; so were thoso against theofhumandegradation,andthedepthtowhich ofthedayinMexico,fromtheCabinet,leaves energiesandpecuniarymeanstoincreasethevalueaf theheartsofmenandwomencansinkinthe|thatdisastrousinfluencewithoutacheckin theirownprivateinterettttathePanamaRailroadCoxUCI1 13 rIufti tIa? C at tnC"at, tn lm1tt! a-VeraCruz,andaffordstoYidaurri anopportu- pany, theAtlanticandPacific Steamship Company,aad the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, instead of opeaiaf nitytorevengeuponDegolladothecoursethe uptheTerritoriesoftheUnitedStates,Urnslookingtt lattertookindrivinghimfromhisStatelast thebestinterestsofthewholepeople,theywUltaketatCotter. We give an abstract of the lengthy report; the Northern democracy upon Douglas, and a Maoris alluded to in New Zealfjnd. Cases of children, awaiting the dawn to welcome ttn year. That Doblado and Traconta may have first steps towards accomplishing the great work s-in- !Jt la interesting to every contractor and to every general abandonment of Douglas for Breckin- monstrous individual cruelty on the part of horrible spectacle, and vice and crime ha united in this movement may be possible, as it gested.taxpayer,andiftheagreementhadbeen closed ridgeintheSouth. Inanyevent,wemaycon- thesoldieryaboundedbytensofthousandsin pliedtheirtradeineveryshape,amidjestsand iswellknownthattheyincommonwithall Iaminformed bythebest authoritythatPott- long ago it would have saved thecity the expense sider thedays of the democratic party of the these campaigns. Helpless native womenand blasphemy, in the presence of death itself. the active generals of the constitutional party, master General Holt promised a Southern s-31Of much litigation. The Commissioners of Emigra- last thirty odd years as ended, and that the children were shot down without mercy when- But happily in American cities such scenes were strongly opposed to the return of the ill- tor that if the bills providing for overland mail tion have occupied a large portion of the McCotter broken fragments of this exploded party and ever they were met with. A s late even as the service ail failed, that he would take the respoos:are never witnessed. However desperate the starred Degollado to the interior as commander- bility to provide means to keep some of the oU oftheoldwhigpartyarenowdrifting recentIndianmutiniesnumbeniofthecap- criminal,orhoweverloathfulthecrime,the in-chief.Inviewofthedoubtsthathangover contractorsemployed;hutIlearnnowthatbedeciia*property for years, and another portion w a s occu-piedbyprivateparties. TheCommonCouncil,Some .years since, instituted an inquiry into the pro-priety of purchasing the whole of Ward's Island for organization of parties. tied to the mouths of guns, from which, at vindication of the law; and, though curiosity give the reader the true rule for ascertaining made a temporary contract with Vanderbilt to carry tat corporation purposes. Reports were made in favor That we shall have a reconstruction of par- given signals, they were, batch by batch, blown may gather its hundreds in the vicinity of the probable results—reflect what, under given cir- mails until March 4,18S1, it will verify the deelarat,ouaboutforapermanentlodgmentinsomenew turedrebelswerearrangedinlonglines,andpeople accept the infliction of the penalty as a the course of affairs in Mexico, we can only keeping his promise. If the report is true that he tutpt the purchase, but difficulties arose as to the va- ties, very shortly after this Presidential ele> to atoms, which filled the air like alue, and the matter was submitted to arbitration: tion, is morally certain; and that in this recon- shower of snow for several seconds, and nu- suffer in peace—if peace come to him upon the and the opposite will happen in Mexico.frequently made to this eerrespondenee, that the Atiau > and Pacific California Mail Steamship Companies coast tute in themselves a power at "Waahtogtoa greater thu the administration itself.place of execution, the victim is permitted to cumstances, would occur in any other country, struction the controlling party for the future merous other almost equally diabolical acts scaffold—unmocked and unmolested by theJbutastheir award wasconsidered by Mayor Tie-mann as excessive, Mr.McCotter made a reduction,and the Comptroller was directed to purchase theproperty. Other difficulties then intervened, andthe present suit was brought to compel the city to we must await the issues of this Presidential England may rest assured that she did her the lowest class, rarely if ever present them- supposed to perform certain very easy routine continue till the 4th of March next. He is to receivethe'willstandupontheconservativeUnionsen- timent of the country, we have no doubt. Butwere committed about that pCriodbythe British army in Bengal.coarsejests,theheartlessjeersanddiscordantlaughter of a vulgar crowd. Women, even of office holders—those men who perforator are tn monthly, will commence on the lith instant aalf ompletf the purchase, and it has resulted so far in campaign. If we could bring the conserva- cause nogood by this display of) inhumanity, selves on these occasions, and children onlyE verdift against the city for the sum above tivepopularelements_ofthis Statealone into forthe people of BritishIndianownurturea whentheybelongtoaclassoverwhichparental officesandnavyyardsthroughouttheCountry- gresr-giveareasonablecompensationbesides. TheBU:.*Earned. "a happy accord'' against the sectional republi-more deadly feeling of revenge against their conquerors than ever they did befbre.care or guardianship Of any kind exercises no control.are in a terrible state of bewilderment just would hare been carried by the tost steamer had his de- spatch from Saratoga to Mr. Allen, his agent, been re-In the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday, can party, the defeat of Lincoln would beJamesCarroll,foundguiltyofarsoninthefirstde- secured;butbetweenBelland thebrokenupgree, was sentenced to imprisonment for life at democracy the conservative popuiar majority Australia have dwindled almost entirely away, interior village of New Jersey! Except in the they know not on which side to lean. They Chief Carpenter Simmon*, of the CharlestowQ Navr bard labor. It is strange that the punishment of of New York will most probably be frittered owing to the murderous treatment of thebrawls, w a s sentenced t o five years a t hard publican party has all the odds against them; district of them. This hunting cdnsisted insame risk of losing their bread and butter. It ferrence of the honor referred to upon him. from life to death—from the vigor of youthful is a trying position to have these unfortunatelabor. Several other prisoners were admitted to bail, and the Court adjourned sine die.Nothingdefinitetranspired yesterdaywith refe-rence to the assassination of Messrs. Walton andand so, from the division of the national conser- shooting as many of them as they could over-vative elements of the South into the two take; men, women and children wpre Indiscri- shoughts of laughter ringing in his ears, whichThe secret of the provision put on to tn? Civil Appr* priation bill, and put through Congress by Mr. Je&noa Davis,duringthetostfewhoursofthesession,mayb« found in the fact that Governor Floyd, since he baa beea Secretary of War,hascommandedhi3ownship,partycampsofBellandDouglas,theSouthern ultrapro-slaverysectionaldemocracywillbeminatelymurderedbythesedemonsonhorse- back,andtheirbodieslefttoliewieretheyhadOffice holders in; and the worst of it is that, at heart,theydonotcareafigforeithercandi-Mathews. Aweekhasnowelapsedsincethesetwocitizensweremurdered,andyettheaffairis apttoturnoutthestrongest.Butthesefallen,beneaththesilentheaven.""Wesome-formercy. % ridgeorDougtesmakeshiswaytotheWhite WomenweretheretogloatoverthepangsHouse,providedonlythathebearepresenta-andnotfollowedinthewakeofeitherofpoordivisions of the conservative forces of the times used to shoot a dozen or two before break-Pierce's kitchen cabinet, especially tlut of Mr»a*H involved in a profound mystery. The policedetectives have, however, been actively engaged, country will disappear after this election,in the fast," was one memorable confession of the sent one of their sex to an. untimely grave;andandsomeinterestingrevelationsareexpected formationandcrystaiizationofanewnationalsquatteralludedto;"buteventhatdidn'tkeepwhen theCoroner'sjury resumetheirinvestiga- Unionparty,broadenoughandstrongenough themaway;they'dcomeinthenightandif ofmingledagonyanddesecrationwillleaveaThe aborigines in thesettled districts ofBut how different was the scene in this littlenow. BetweenDouglasandBreckinridge—the ceivedbythetotterbeforethesteamerleft. two democratic aspirants for the Presidency— rEOMono* a xnz MAVT.vicious character of those comprising the Lon- have no defined notion as to the answer they these heinous offences does not prevent the perpe- away. So in the South, if the conservative English colonists. Kiuahan Ocrnwallis. in his don mob who beset Newgate and the Old should give to the question—tration of crime. Incendiarisms, however, are democratic element there could be combined "Panorama of the New World, gives the fol- Bailey, the,<jomparison between themand thoseYard, has been promoted to the position of Constructor to the Navy, aad baabeen ordered to San Francisco, Ca. fornto.children, upon whose young hearts that scenetion. Wepublishinanothercolumnthewillof tocombinethediscordantUnionfactionsofthe therewasanythingtheycouldlaytheir,hands scarformanyadaytocome. Butperhapsone AOprincipleinthematterwiththem. Itis GovernorFloydhaspursuedexactlytheoppositecoarse.Mi.Walton, bywhichitwill beseenthathebe- presentdayintoasinglehomogeneousparty. onthey'dplunderit;so,saidI,waitabitmy ofthemostrevoltingfeaturesofthecase,and queathedallhispropertytohischildren,leaving Then,asourNorthernrepublicanpartybegins boys,andIjustpoisonedabullockcarcassor onethatspeakspainfullyofavindictivenessnotnaturaltosupposethatthereshouldbe. Hehasencouragedallnewinventionsinarras,after1 carefulexaminationofthembytheproperarmyofflcmThen*businessisnottomakePresidents,butto Whereverbe hasdiscovered"merithehasencouragedit. which neither age norrespectability could fry andmakeoutalivingforthemselvesandfami- It is necessarythatour troops,comparativelyEJfewis The steamship Kangaroo sailed from this port ministration, it will subside again to a mere for the gentry. That dose, two or i-hree times, quench, was the request of the rather of Har- lies. number—abort eleven thousand regulars scattered overlii»wifeonlyan allowance ofseven hundreddol- todissolveundertheferventheatofa newad- twowiththestockarsenic,andhadthemleftout larsperannum.yesterday for Liverpool, with 260 passengers and contemptible sectional faction; and then, too, ridded them off better than anything else." den's wife to be permitted to witness the exe- We really do not know of any public mea- so vast a terriwy, should be provided with as m u r fW5.592inspecie. ThesteamshipNewYorkalso.thatSouthernsectionaldemocraticpartywhich Thepeopleofourowncountry,veartsorry cutionofthelaw'svengeance.Onewould surethatwouldbemorebeneficialinitseffects ofthebeetweaponsaspossible,especiallyinLndiaaBailed for Southampton and Bremen, with 143 pas- sengers and 1265,720 in specie—making a total of 108 passengers and $471,312 in specie.The Brooklyn City Mills, located a t t h e foot o f Fulton street, Brooklyn, were totally destroyed b y fire between three a n d four o'clock yesterday morning, and the adjoining buildings were slightly damaged. The loss is estimated a t between twea- five and thirty thousand dollars.The Hayes Arctic exploring expedition sailed IronRontonathalf-pastthreeo'clockyesterday afternoon.The Police Comtnlssfonera yesterday appointed Captain James Leonard Inspector, a n d John C . Helms,oftheBroadwaysquad,Captain,tofidva- cancies. N o other business o f importance trans- pired.has been so clamorous for disunion, a Southern to say, have shown but little forbearance suppose that the old man had had communion upon the whole community, and that would re- warSare. To this end Secretary Floyd has g<v?tThe thirty-sixth sessionoftheBoardof ExciseCommissioners took place yesterday afternoon.Twenty-eight applications for licenses were re-ceived, a n o f which were granted, o n t h e usualfinancial terms. This makes the whole number of of Wednesday next, under the direction ofthatthepersonsinchargeof thebigshiphave sumed to be better able to dischargenulla*. Cora was aaw test buoyant, whito sales werelimited, alprioes given in another place. Pork was Arm, lero," from the -Sicilian Vespers."All these things look well and sensible. The new rtyfa»e,%nder which the ship is entirely inwith moderate salts, including new moss at $19, aad newThat b what might b e called a very nice teaThusweseecombinedinoneprogrammethe parfor. Willnotsomebodysendasareportof thehandsofpersonsacquaintedwiththepecu- humanhive.confederacy and the African slave trade, will be silenced by the immediate presence of a more powerful Union organization.towards the red men; nevertheless, we never heard of their having committed tuch atroci-enough with death already, and that the know- ledge that his unhappy daughter was avengedenco'iragement particularly to the breech load-flect more lustre upon the administration that ing rifle, a vastly superior weapon, and the armvinaugurates it, than the passage of a general is very thoroughly supplied with It. Mr. DavitThefirstworkofa revolution is the over- have done.thatdismaltragedy. nencytotheholding of subordinate positions Statesnothavingtherighttomanufacture any of th*•throw of the old order of things. That has been done in the destruction of the democratic party. The next thing i3 the establishment of a new order of things. That work Will be practi- cally commenced very soon after this Presiden- tial election, in the reconstruction of our politi-that England, instead of sending Missionariespat-ated amis, under the prohibition of Mr Davis' nev '•aw. ali additional weapons-for the supply of the army must be manufactured in tbkgovernment assume*, and mi3t necessarily be a very inferior model, however ex-cal parties. The existing divisions and confusiontowards Gen. Scott that poor Pierce and Davis did, theretialelection. Asit is,weseeonallsidesthat we are in the midst of a revolution, and that it must go on to its consummatioh.hasgainedbythem;forthemoreextensivethedistant possessions of a nation b|eoome, themore danger is that nation exposed [to both at ING TO THETB SENSES.—We are glad to announce years in the post may fairly bf pre- homeandabroad.ARTISTIC A I D TO GARIBALDI.—The perfor- mance in aid of the Garibaldi fund will take place at the Academy of Music, on the eveningseen the folly of their attempt to carry out theits duties than he whose only recoatmehdatioa is that he may have carried political banners, orareyetfourteenmeetingstotakeplace before the ItalianCommitteeto superintend thearrange- atNorthElba. AlloftheBrowns,andsokeof Commission closes, the number already granted is ments. The artists at present in the metropolis the blacks, were to be on hand:—havealsoappointedMr.H.C.Jarrett,a clever evils,aswell to Individuals as to society at DEATHorBBanmnramrcn. entrepreneur, to take charge of the visiting ie- large. The office expectants areTat the lowest Edmund French, late Assistant Superintendent of themuch in excessofthatofeitherofthetwoyears Immediately preceding.The sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 800 bales, elcstogon the baaia of 10\c. for middling uplands, lOJfc. for WorldsandMobilemiddling,aad at lie.forNewOr-iand Texas do. The receipts of flour wens light and 1 war* firmer, witB fair sales to the domestic tradefor export. Inwheat themarket washeavyand aster, while sales ware tair for export and forpartmentoftheship,andarrangeexcursionstoTreasuryextension,underindictmentforembezzlement, died here this morning. Hi* trial was to have lakesprune at SU 3*>, a $14E r a aad in goad demand.mUea reached about 1.T90 hdds. Coffee arm hut not ac- chefs (Fasuvre of the favorite masters. Donizetti unique than otherwise. Where was von. Mas- and during the next monk we may expect toBeef was heavy, while lard was Sugars were steady, while thebest works of the modern Italian schools—the the celebration ? It must have been rather liarities of our people, will begin on to-morrow,tive,salesof400bagsMaracalhoweremade,aad740do. andVerdi,whose compositions represent Costa BJen, at foil prices. Freights were arm, with a mo- Young Italy in its artistic feeling, as Guiseppe derateamountofengagements. Wheat,tatbags,was Garibaldiisitspoliticalexponent Thenight again taken to Liverpool in ship's bags at IXd.,aad floorI»ut an end to these changes in the subordi- saGreeley? seethecityfloodedwithstrangerswhowttl 'nat|eofficesofthegovernment,andyoutatoncea t 2*. Efl, par barrel.• 111of the grand performance should be made the occasion of a grand demonstration of admira- tionfortheItalianpeople,whoarenowen-TION,TMHarriet Martineau has written! a charac-teristic letter, which we give elsewhelre, on the have taken the proper step just in time.the, thousands of lazy vagabonds who control primary elections in all the large cities and to^ns;yougetrespectablemensenttoCon- gross and to State and municipal Legislatures; and, by a judicious pruning, you get. in the course of time, honest and competeut offlejsrs tochanged to the tiaited State-,.Mewsfrets*Pike's Peak.St. tano-as, Me., July 7. Isen.The Pike'o P?ak express arrived yesterday aftera we', bringing S16S00 in gold duet.AGERMANVIEWOFTHEBRITISHMiurAKTJ?T3TEX—We publish In another column a very gaged hi a struggle for their national exist- latereaticg article, translated from a French ence—a struggle In which all our sympathiesthe Russian serfs.the Russian emancipation scheme'has failed for two reasons:—First, beeause it provided no le-an effort would be superfluous.Every sensibletend the fine spun theories of the black republi- A new black Douglass, from Chicago, came for-person i n this country understands t h e Italian, ayiimunuiiMHH- »J'j:n,!«fP"i«"jt ^*la f t e r e l e c t i o n . T h e f a c t i s , a p o l i t i c a l r e v o l u - theyareonceemancipated,norwhoshallmake tion is goingon in New England,wherethe subordinates there should beTHEEXECUTIONOFHARDEN—ALAMENTABLE SPECTACLE.—It is customary with the provincialta»«arry*|tThislookstikea revival<|fthecalamitoustheislands, when the aborigines—atall,well press to reproach the city of New York Scylla of insurrection and the Charybdisof directroateoverlandwasdefeated at thelaatseati^fcity in the Union, ever did or ever could pre-that human beings anywhere within the reachcostbothofmenandmoney,anjdtheperpetra- ofChristiancivilizationcouldbesoutterlylost neverhearanythingmore.Thereportedmove- overkuutmailroutesacrossoarowncountry,»Recentwithunnecessarybloodshed,ahdifitwere tookplaceattheexecutionofHardenaround,willbeputtothedisastrousOcampo-Degollado thegreaterwillhetheinducementtothepeopleulowinginstanceoftheirmodeofdeatingwith Underwhichting,Besoaian? them:—"ImetwithasquatteratMelbourne," whoassembledtowitnesstheexecutionofHar- ifor,iftheydeclaretheirpreferenceforDouglas,diminishingthroughthevigilanceofFire MarshalBaker,andtheenergyandpromptitudewithwhichbefollowsupthoseoffences. ToMr.Bakerthecommunity are greatly indebted for the punishmentof the offender in the present case. Michael Roake,Who pleaded guilty t o manslaughter i n t h e seconddegree, committed in one of thosepublic house ratepartycamps,thesectional anti-slaveryre- lyforthesportofthething,partly torid the scene,andthewretchedvictimactuallystepped systemofsignalstobeusedtothearmy,hencethecoswiththeconservativeopposition votethecoa- litionwouldbecompetenttocarryevery Southern State except .-iouth Carolina.rasABaraaoaaiomen. MajorMyer,recentlyappointedbythePresident,w:tfcdenwouldperhapstellinfavoroftheformer. [thechancesareheavyagainstthemthatthey theauthorityofCongress,tothepoatrecentlycreated, says our author, "who deliberately confessed Ribald jests and vulgar epithets were bandied are removed from office; and if they should of Signal Officer, with the rank and pay of Major, LMBut from the division of our Northern na- that he had joined, on several occasions, a about from one to another; coarse mirth seemed lean towards his Kentucky rival, they may been ordered by the War Department to report to L .,- tional conservative elements into three sepa- mounted party to hunt down 'the blacks/ part- to vie with eager curiosity in characterizing the offend their immediate superiors, and run the General Scott. Major Myer is the inventor of the mmanhood into the shadow of the grave—withdrowned the last prayer to God upon his lips date. It matters little to them whether Breckin-of a man whose evil and uncontrolled passionstive of the democratic party. If they thoughtties as these diabolical wretches ih Australia would have sufficed to close up the pages of Uw which would give some degree of perma- v.%6opposed to this weapon. The result is, the I'n.tedXiTPnrfortM}T«rkBan•LiWe think, after all we have heard and seen,Thank God, such lamentable scenes as this under the government. There is no reason why to convert the aborigines, ought tcj send some are never witnessed even in our largest cjties. a clerk or laborer in the Custom House, Postto convert the colonists, for many pf them are sadly deficient in the practice of the Christian virtues.If we are not mistaken, England ^rill yet findof parties can only be settled by the Presiden- that her colonies will cost her more than she puts to shame the worst manifestations of the lican rather than to be called democrat, or vice would oowexUtt a better feeling on the part of ex£ecr*.ACiiuoi'S FOURTH OP JCLY CJCUBIUTIOW—havecomeforwardmostpromptly,andthepro- John Brown,Jr., theeldestsonofCapt.John Browngramme, which, with the letter of Garibaldi to was appointed 10read the Declaration of Independence, her from all the principal cities and townscalculation, ten times as numerous as the officeGen. Avezzana, will be found elsewhere, is Mount. The following persons were invited to be present ofthemostattractivecharacter. Signers Frez- andapeak:—Rev.HenryHighlandGarnett,of New foriWashington jail, l>. C.; Richard J. Hintun, of Kansas FrederickDouglass,ofRochester,K.Y.; RevGeorgeB' Cheevcr, of New York; Henry D. Thoreau, fof Concord Ma^s.: Judge W . M. F . A m y , of KaosasL and many others.inthecourseof the monththe Great Easternidleness of a stall at the public crib are gene- wxAxnusm or ASSBWAST. ersoaoss.THE DIRECTORS OF THE GREAT EASTERN COM-high price system for visiters, and ha*e reducedWe learn from one of the abolition Organs that the tariff one half—that is,fifty cents for adult hurrahed loudly at a mass meeting, or had a Schnabel's arrest. The reason for the assault was thethere wasto have been a celebration of the patron in a memv&r of Congress, these muta- publication in yesterday's Onutit%Uum of aa arttde re- licenses granted this year 441; and though there Signor Muzio, who has been delegated by the Fourth of July over the grave of j>hn Brown, visiters, and a quarter for the little folks. They tions in office are accompanied with very grave flecting on the conduct of Schnabel.and Solomon, his youngest son, to read the Sermon on the throughout the country. It is also stated that holders. Those who have once enjoyed the place to-day.Thus. W. Higgiason, of Worcester, Mass.; Miss Francesrally unfitted for a long time for the ordinary The Board of Medical Officers will assemble at Balti- zolini and Signor Musiani will sing in "Lucia Ellen Witklus, of Philadelphia; Tbaddeua Hyatt, late of will make an excursion to some point on the avocations of civil life, and those who are anx- more on the 20th of September, for the exsmiaati9a afdi Lammermoor;" Madame Cortesi, Signori Er- rani and Susini will give "Lucrezia Borgia:- and Madame Colson will sing the famous "Bo-seaboard—we suggest Cape May—returning on the next day after her departure.iouslywatchingtogetintoofficeusuallybeguile their weary hours in loafing, attending political gatherings, and other such highly useful occu- pations. In both cases they are drones in theassistant surgeons for promotion, or of such candidates for appointment for the medical staff or the army as may be invited to present themselves. There are now three vacanc.es in the grade of assistant surgeons.The President has recognised G. W. Heuatogs as V,M ConsulofHanoveratNewYork.Sailing o f D r . Hayes' Arctic Expedition. Boara, July 7, ISMJirmatioii, is not. without probability.events in Mexico indicate that an early periodTRYING TIMES FOR OFFICE HOLDERS—FederalThearrangementwith Commodore Vanderbilt,ya\ completed, for the transportation of the Pacific nuili,duties in and around the custom houses, post postages, and the President is to recommend that Coo-Davis, who was always averse to the purchase thattheystoodanequalchanceofholdingofAmericaninventions,preferringtoleaveailwhomadetheir little subordinate offices, they would cheer improvements in arms to go to Russia or France or Aus aslustilyforLincolnorforBell. Thereis triatoseekencouragementandfindsaleforthe-..-arm?It was reserved for the rustic communityfCf a Office, or Navy Yard, should be deprived of thecountry village to present an example of human employment on which he may have been de- cellent ti.e work. It u common talk here, I know not degradationwhichoutrageseveryconceived pendingforyears,simplybecausethemiawho withhowmuchtruth,thatbadMr.BuchananandSecre- idea of the simplicity of a rural population, and is chosen President prefers to be called repub- tary Floyd manifested the same disrespect aad contemptvice and hardheartedness of arrfetropolis.versa. Leaving out of view altogether the facttary of War Davis and the present Secretary. ASSACLT OK GBXEKAty BOWkUS.Eiis B. Schnabel, entering the Conatarwriett offiM tad morning, assaulted General Bowman with a stick, while the totter was sitting to his chair. One of the clerks to the office effectively came to the rescue, when Schnabel made a hasty retreat. Immediate steps were taken forthat an u nwho has beenthreeor fourDr. Hayes' Arctic expedition toft a t 3 * 9 P. M., in tew HARRIET MaRm-KArr ON RUSSIAN JEMASOIPA- come to see one of the greatest wonders of the cutoff nine-tenths of tfie blackguardism of poli- of the steamer U. & Forbes, a aalate was fired oa theworld. ThedirectorsoftheGreatEastern ticalcontests;yourestoretoindustrialpursuits wharfr^tc^.toanjjjag. Thenameoftheves^lrufailure of the scheme for the emancipatioa ofTHE POLITICAL REVOLUTION or NEWENG- LAND.—The insurrectionary abolitionists ofl Mas- sachusetts celebrated the national anniversary at Framingham, and they improved the occa-According to her showingmilitary organ, the Spectateur MUitairt, giving are, of necessity, with the gallant General Gari-aGerauavtew of the niiUtary system of Eng- baldi, the Italian Marion, and his followers. gislation under which the new multitude was to sion to take the backsliding black arpublicans discharge the duties of subordinate positions. news, which has beea detained here la consequence of aland, taken from a aeries of articles appear- We have no doubt that this appeal for material live; and., second, serf ignorance of the meaning to task for having tried to purge the platform We.do not over estimate tho importance of eachlog in t*« Laanastadt MUiiary Gazette* It pre> aid, made under such circumstances, will be and uses of property in land, which prevents of "Old Abe''from some of its most odious nig- a change in our political system when we »ay their seeing why the landowner must be paid geriams. The New England black republicanssevere storm prostrating the telegraph line:—The dates from Denver City are to the Bath u!t. In1 Mdepredations upon straggling parties aad npoa raocbe* ' a disadvantageous light the pre- promptly and liberally responded to. The sub- for the land which must be taken for their set- that In its ultimate results it would prove of Ladbeeoae of aw frequent occurrence that it was cottad organization of the British ject Is one upon which we might enlarge. are beginning to be afraid oT the effect on the mo^e benefit to th« country at large than anv Sidered advisable to ceil a meeting of eittoens to eonaider army, and the capacity of England t%defend There are many good reasons wby the Ameri- tlement, and incapacitates them to discharge people of what the Trioune calls 'flis half- other public measure that can be inaugnratid by what was beet to be done in the matter. Such a meet.14a French invasion, ahouli the can people should come forward and aid the their liabilities and to use their new privileges. truths of Douglasism," and on several occasions anjiadmiaistration. We do not expect erjer to was held 00 the afternoon of the t?th, and two of the ArliXaaokott ever decide npoa carrying o a t las do. "e,ns of his uncle in that direction. The jBjUtfe aad yeomanry o f England are represent -^^^7JB fsajp.* Wal^Ea^aa^p sma^p^^aa^psaw^aaaw was* aaa^pfw aaaw ap^^w^SBStw*** tas> n a a f t a vof «e*dT and the entire system of recruiting theregular araiy is very generally condemned byItalians in their present extremity; but suchHere we have the very difficulties ^rhich at- have softened their anti-slavery enunciations. see Juch a principle established, either by law rapahoe chief* were present part of the time. The catrages m the male consist of the Indians takings whateveror hy usage, so long as our politicians! arecan abolitionists for the emancipation of the ward at Framingham to attack Lincoln and the chosen from among ranting demagogues; but from lack of numbers, to successfully resist them.question as it is. What Is wanted now is mate- four millions of negroes now held In domestic political abolitionists as unsound, and Senator still there is no harm in occasionally assailing tearing done fences, turning their poaiea into gard«o»rial aid, n o t argument; a n d every movement that tends to the all important end should beW e trust that there will b eservitude at the South. The black republican Wilson took up the cudgel for his friends. He this,|a* we do all other abr,«es. and saying a and -destroying them, and in scene eases shooting at theduly encouraged. daynightsurrectionkts*hat the new black Douglass [was m the wronfr. and that »f)M A W .„.» uJJJTIlawgiver, Spooner, proposes to emancipate the proved to the satisfaction of the assemble^ h>Southern slaves by habeas corpus wheal a blackworf In favor of that class which is so much to be pitied at the present moment—the poorwhites one or tw o of whom are known U have b.-ou kiltod.this mflttaxT critic, w h o appears to understandWhat h e is writing about W e commehl the no vacant places at the Academy on Wednes- republican President is elected; but hejgoes no f in the wrong, and tha t "Old Abe" and i\M office holders. These are trying times for th^m. for tha bad acts net only of their own tribe bat foura, tide to the altoatica of our renders.Th<?chie# thought it very hard to be held aec.MiaUHie farmerthantheactofemancipation. Hed.es, lowers^John BTOWU men^p T X As for collectors rrnndn'p,navyagent*,ard othersno*,tntktavicinity.via.:tkeCtoeyease*.K.jwat,not considerthepractical socialdkculty,|nadgoodenough Inr*TM*^otfcefrleadingofficeholders,theguillotineon-/.j'.icsaadCa-T.^-ciK1*,. Tb^ypromt--••.however,tba< w far a. tbctr Q+Tmet were coteerned, they w?*li EoMUntitled Documentthe mails to and from the Pactnoit wUl be a ^By this arrival w s have the following summary ofthey dei*:r*d (rem parties w h o were unarmed or uaab>.» rwty Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 