 HE WIDE AWilE ORGANEiTIOI.he moneys foec!>etod over to the Traajorer, a-d tn*y •hell hive power to order pi bile oaradea, and;. Bate ••ooiracta;and tbeyshallexercise a teneralsupernal norli-theaffair*of,tbaAtaocta*on Art9.ItshallbethedulyoftheOeptalntocallmee.antaTIB GREATUNIONMEETMUSupplemental Rep»rt-8p^««»«" • * **• todefeatLincoln,ofcoursemustbetbemantobesun.for druL to conduct the same, and to take command of the A s THEIR ORI&IN ANDPR0GRES3, socianononoccasionsofpur>hcparate.lege.pieducted by i virtue o t b u t one "prtoctoto—tJuGrand National Demonstration in Pnspoot.principle contained " m u s t This cannot be forfeited.Dar-Organizatioas-Their(tavern- aneewiththisrequirement,shallbeliabletobeexpelleJfro/atheUnion which isthegovernment over asall—there tbeirrighttotradeinslavesintbeTerritoriesofthe United States bas ceared, because the constitution is aAt the outside meeting Mr. Cochrane WASintroduced b y Alderman Cornell, andwasreceived with protracted cheering. Mr.CocaxAimsaldtheywereitteasntto-nlfht, placedto position for the first fire into themidst of theirtialities and correction of prejudices are necessary I foei thattheoccasion—the magnitude ofthedagger tobe avoided—ofthebenefittobesecured—the possibledisas- terandtbehopedforprosperity—aresachastodemandmeat and Brill,Jm great«st feature of t h e camoaig* e i !*>'d t a a bean as* tMrodcctton of a vast republic** auxiliary, semi- sasbtarj lacharacter,political la purpose,and dailyin- are—ninstrengthendianuenoetoaaextentuu-pastliiicd in the political annals efeur country. W erefertotbaorganisationknownaathe,republicanWideAwakes,whomadetheirfirstNewYorkdemanairaUoB•a the ISth .net. Ike sleepy CMkam politicians,whoweredJGuasingoathatevening,overtheirale,theall- cheeroith*Town,woiloethersgivetbooldraaiiioned •kecrbiig topi«of faston,** tatter Eiver.gmy, ecces- o « the preference. Afl ar;eneml tbiug, the room of thethis sacrifice; aad 1feel that there is patriotism enoughmwion, black repubHeanissa aad the Jocee" Wool demou- wttaton, riving, perhaps, a aide thought t o the nsiiae*- Btoo meeting a t Uie Cooper snatttute, wire startled f i t <wf a J propriety b y t t e sudden brilKaat mufcinatfcw«l oi.r thoroughfares, aad the appearaaoe of larre bodies •f meo. bearing blazing torches and marching m fine mili- tary crdjg towards the assigned rendezvous of their v a n -*«•» a.rwflbaa. : ten m an bore a tola rail, surmounted wi'.r a trge swinging lamp and a small American tie*, tVsariBgthename*of Lincoln andHamlin. Tteuniform ef the privates was a bk -» enamelled circular eape, quite mil and of good length, and effaced military fatigue cap, with a brass or silver eagle in front; aome few ooici*ausJ wcr»-mf-rmsdw»h*t#'ne,red,drabandslivergraycapsRt-pubiicaa Asaociathm el thelocality isuse! asani»r taory and drill room. The torches are paced in racks, and the waiformastewed inchests, &c , in neat military style, ready for use a t a mornent'R uotiee Wh^rc Wide A waker sxist in large numbers^on occasions o t puolio paradeagrandmarshaliselected,audtnevari- ous car tains are nominated a s marshals Each marshal elects aids from his own sub officers, and thus perfect systemisestablished.Wegivethiaastbogeneralregu- latieri, althoughoany otuor systems hive been adopted iaasme localitiesTBS TORCnKS, rNIFORMS, ETC.T3e torch is a thin, smooth rail, -urmounted with a tin swinging lamp, wtth larje wscks. l'he lamp isso arras^eitask was finished, and should bear with him the tidingswhich tbey, tbe tens o f thousands of their brothers, sent Yea, hare w e all of 'Ionian virtue and devotion, w d a unto those i n yonder hall o f encouragement and God Curtius more than one ready for the required atonic*. speed in t h e work upon which they were let the task then be by fate assigned to either DoogSts, embarked. (Applause.) It was but a few nights since Breckinridge, or Bell, and dependjupoa It, tbe sacrifice ofaad iapes, aad relieved Uie nacaotooy of the darker oni-ssrm. The captains and n o n e mmissioned officers wereawtmgir.-hed by an Inverness overcoat, with black ca:>eaad undress mill wry caps In aome companies t h e ce;>-taats earned a red, the aiusx tri colored and tb3 lieuten-anto a blue or green lantern; in other! the captain merelyearned aueinted baton. The, measured tread, steadyfrontaad unbroken liaea spoke of strict attention to drill,aud wholesalcabout TOcents. Asses-meuis are made fromMr. Robbins is a member o f a largo mercantile house inCincinnati. Withoutanyknowledgeofagriculture,fce purchased for ten dollars an acre a homestead of eighty acres, and o n i t trccted a neat, handsome little kouse.•he effective manner in wjich Uie vinous bodies wero menaced by ther officers showed conclusively that men as* long miliUry experience controlled their movementsAt tnefirng ofa -igcalgunat1uionscuarethefour ervis'ont ogmpo lag the parade took up their march, under the command e f their Marshal, to t e e general ren- de.roj* a t U>e seeocd gun they formed in tine, under aba command of Grand liarshal Gen. J. H . Hobart Ward; aad a t the third gun, in perfect order and withoutthe aflghtest confoaion, took up the line o f march down the Bawery, through Chatham street and up Broadway toas they behaved themselves. Well, what would they dothe worthy citirens e f eur metropolis werecompieteiy army and navy; that they are armed with atusneta in order toforcibly prevent southern secession, and manylakea by lurpriee, when the long line ot dazzling torches like a--<*rtiocs. They state that their primary object isaaw the sound o f military mu-ic awoke them from tnairaudaigi. eiuMiBera. 'W ho are then* Wide AwakesVall have liked to have spent more time On this model farm; but inobedience to the political necessities of UMhour we had to relinquish those pleasant fields.common cause, aad came up to the support of the ticketnominated by the Douglas Convention, confident that indoing so tbey would achieve a glorious triumph.M r.Cochrane continued a t con-iderable length to a similar can platform contained the following declaration —-'The Etiain, and was heartily cheered at Uie close.the attack, they resolved to form a club of limited num- bers, equipped with swinging torches and black capes aad caps, t o a c t as a special escort o n occasions •1 oebl'e j'tradeand be r«aoy at all timee for any like duty that might forward the republican cause. I n pur- suance of these resolutions a.meeting of yoaag men was baWoathe3dofMarchfollowing,whoresolvedto form a"WideAwake"club of fifty,under thecommandof SJapsaln James S.Utalker, tnegentleman who felled the puauacioua demoorat on the first parade. A constitution wae adopti a, ottioerw ejected, and all the necessary stetn taken. The opposition press of Hartford, little imagin-•Jutt thia was the initiation of a gigantic movement, ithemselves very merry at the expense of tbe Hurt- ford W d e A wakes; aUuuitg t o their uniform they chris- teaed tt.em the"ttantiua Cadets," and. a s some of the trst members were young men, called them tbe "fiftyWide Awake club existed companies were sc^-'dtiy vclopement as weuld require a hundred years to exec it* we must state thtt his ability a s a g<>od informed, A meeting of delegates from every ward in the to the States from wbtcb we come. This Is gratlfyiug to structor and tactician is beyond a dispute; and tbe<ecity was then held, and a constitution and by lawsfor us, because it shows how rapidly the American people qualities were fully exemplified on Monday while direct with trumpet note and triumphal strain, while gathering!"rni.A!'tXT-Bu, Jnly W , 1800 j Messrs. Arot ST BIIMOXT k Co., New York city—GisriLXXES—Tbe receipt of the sum o f three laoi.stQl three hundred dollars, which, i n compliance witb tot wishes of the Envoys ot tbe Japanese hmbassy. yo for warded to me on tbe 12thinst. fordistribution amoaf tbe police force o f this city, ha- already beer acknowl- edged. This liberal testimonial o f t b e Ambassadors u tbe efforts for their comiort on the part uf the policeof Philadelphia b a s . I n accordance witb tbe expressed opinions of tbe Lieutenants of Police, been equally d vded amongst all members o f the force whose services were specially required during the visit of the Japanese to id* city. WillyoubavetbegoodnesstoconveytotheJapacex Ambassadors, when opportunity oners, m y ackoowieoimfantsasked that a "stick of candy be presented to each one,' Jsc.Ac. In spite of their jinee and ieers the move-it spread like wildfire, aud a t th e next meet- , held only three days alter their organi-whosemamssdidn't know theywere o u t ; 'ment of their muiiiuen.eetrouble which you have so kindly assumed tn traostnitti&f,ail the republican loumals, that Mr. H. T. Sperry, correa-y^^msearetaryoftheHartfordWideAwakes,would Gillespie,Chairman;F.S.Tucker,Wm.Oarlock,Htmliugive all desired information. In the course of a few weeks that gentleman had received and filed over 800 oosnman icaUoLS W e will give a few a t a specimen ;—St. T-oois.Me.,June»,186U The republicans ol this city are anxious to orgaaiie a WMe Awake Club, and I am instructed by the Torn Committee 10 whsatnall mformattonpossible. Weanticlpaie agrodstruggle, wet you in your Eastern borne may rest assured that w e a r eready for it.Babcock, Frank J. White.Ihe Grand Marshal, Assistant Marshals and President of,lI ntake o f t h e refreshing flood, these m e n o f opposing views—men who consult no consistency of truth or o f action—men who are animated with butone desire and that one of tclf aggnuiaizement—these m en like beeslonging to some of tbe suite of the Embassy, whilst ;n tba city, was an unpleasant and morfJy ing occurrence. I t s unnecessarytoadvertindetailtothecircainstancesai- der which this took place; butI wish to be allowedto avail myself of this occasion to say that it was la so wiseCnuR Rjctns. Iowa, June JS, L»'o.1 nettee la tbe Chteaso Frm •.».' «.;%»»' that v o i are readyjmuH tboroogkly Wide Awake repub^cans in tbe etate. E• m - ^ A-V,^, ^** «T««, Wis., June29,l«u. -JLliSlSt** "^•dnem w scan me clrctUarsand sureThe Demonstrationof subcommittees, to each alwhom a special duty is as-CHASIB>HOWABD,Esq,PresidentoftheBo^el ofPjlaS.r Baltimore:—EKABSIR—Your favor of ibe 13th nst . addressed »atsHart/crdone .we Insert the preamble Mdoor^um C o n o f t h e H a r t f o r d W i d e A w a k e c , a s « 3 a a s « a r w r f S .active. E a c htakec l u b o r its share ofo f th e visitersw i l l Theder the forms of the constitution, and by tbe laws made b y s l a v e h o l d e r s a u d b i s o p p o n e n t s , e q u a l l y w t t h f r e e . sellersendtheirfriends IfAbrahamLincolnshallbe elected lawfully and constitutionally, then the aovern-notified tbattbere were due to tbe contractors under tbe w o r k s u m s o f $ 6 6 , 8 1 8 6 1 , $ 1 , 9 6 3 , $ 1 6 4 6 4 3 a n d $ 2 , 6 6 2 3 2 , andthat thedefendants have tailed toraise those amounts. Messrs. J. W. Edmonds, J. T Brady and W.c i t yWe, ike iBderatgned. young men of Uie etr at Hanfa.1 Twentieth ward battalion will probably entertaiu«hjeasadmannerofthegeneralfonaatiox matamix.0emocralsparty differences a n d local dissensions, have'daatrnnsetaacurtnr!Leam-eademrya«ulpermm£rS 1& tbeHartfordmen,andthe"CityWideAwakes,"aninde- vrwM*pJesoftherepuLlieaapaj-ty,andtheaWwW^rtoc2i- pendentorganization,willfituptbeirheadquarters,atW f We ^ ? ,Y ,like AbrOntbepartofthedefendantsregardoniy iortbe interestsoftoewhole country.«bother i; would b e in conformity with the viresdAr'. «Oaiwcwikinofi'.'.bheparade,lata"Aaso:iationaball t rwill b e allowed, directly or indirectly, to receive *& gratuities orr<ward,r\cept onrare antcxtnord»*•' occasiots,beyondthesalariesprovidedbylawasteo« p.1at,,nforthepubiioservicesitislhe;rdu.ytop*'00 a. * ' the cwaoixad ol a Captaia. whoaaall bate i>Jwer to -—oog,'A.,usu!H'rdui*teor(oarsaasemaydeempraper.»Wa.'haedieersofthisAattciatiooatoUibea!e«tedbyau a-,T,wofmememberspresaat.idasaaettoccallediorthatJfaryA.MilHkm u.iitcAardW.Rousekol—Writof orderedwithS10costs. '"*u,,ul"'uInre.Afflicatim«fJEJ.Simmons,aninfant dk~Or- dcrappointngguariiangranted.rJitia IF Uant.'w n.Jukn D.Hunt 4 ol—Motion de- Eie1.witloutcoststoeitherparty.Ca&rlri A B«nting m. Htnrj J. ^mJjcGrd. dc—MotionPoTATowaiMissorxi.—TheSt.Louis(Mo.) Democratsaystha»thepotatocrophasbeen unusuallyprohicami ti.to*,atdinarigiddeterminationtoretainthem letus form. Itseems,however, scarcelyvorth wb;e i« •*ZZLu—,wdsnah**<•aaallbebyballot.ArTTlt shallbethe dutyoftie Presideettopatoto>aiall assistancesetasideandprooeedJugannaerit;"roatitutioaThatisthewaythey would doeverywhere; butthatis theverythingwhichcannotbedone'here Fellowoitl- ze'as,ittmesaytoyouthatthosewhotalkaoutdestroy-An<?inquail."yinthatvicinity,andthatsomefirmsarn sendingoffva«tquantitiesdaily,notonlytotheparteof that Stote which have suffered from drought, but toKan. ESS,NewMexico',endevento.Utah.pr.sentcasetobepmituciousmrefusingtocos:"T withyoirrequsst;andasyouhavetakentbetroib*f- kiudiy to urge your viewg again upon us, we will est*'tuny waive ourobjection andaccept thedonationt*1 !awed. ItIsprovidedbythelawcreatingthen*" tu.ri. or the source whenc* procure,-), .AH lovers of th.»ir tnat all gratuities and extra compensation which we «»•,*adn*aof **Associaawi.andtoetuimeetingsatanytunestillmaiuieiuourfaitbiulncsstotheconstimuon,ourfide-n«rf7i•Sedtt^*,i'°«"*fe«Kswulttatommtttee. M t tk flitytotheInionandourobediencetothelawt It.wasnotbisadvicethattheyshouldcavil atanyname tii.onanelectoralticket,or atanv man thereby repre-4« - usl* * « datyof theTreasnrertoreestveaad Wadtne'inod* <*'t*" Asaretation.aaddtohursfthemateoaJymentNEW YORK HERALD,. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1S60.-TRIPLE SHEET.ArtM).Kachmemberabad piwideforhimself, athisown expense,agtaiedcapandeape,andahallpaiintothe treasu- ryUiesumof*eventy Aveeeaia,which •hailentitlenunto(haon of a torch f<r parade.Art IE Itaha1 betheduty ofeach member to appeu-ineaeh torchlight procession, and la all public paradea of th • Aa-Art 1%~Section 1. Mo betoterowi er disorderly eontuet, or •unneee-vmry demonstration of anv kind, shall be allowed.See.I.Anymember whorefuaeaorneglectstoobevtno commandsoftbeoscers,orwBoseconduct isnottoacceraAnd this can all be with no abandonment of print; Whatever t h e result, the. SBMBfatoa N (Ummwillbegovernedbythiscotutitudon,mayeaiodhiarnine lpou the liit and be considered a member.AitU.ThiaeoasWution m^ybealteredor •»'£'*}*£* 1State.Situatedonanelevatedslopebetweenthetwopic-turetuuelakesofMendotaandMenona,andwiththebluemaintain peace notbyforce,butbytheconsent homesfornorainpurpose,topursuitofnorainglory,but of the governed, and t o perpetuate, n e t t b e curse to teach the proud and tcsolent enemy that they, as demo ofslavery,buttheblessings of'ibettytoourselvesand cratswereInspiredwiththememoriesoftheirancientvtc-exercisesachwarmestattachmenttothecommongood. Nay. more, I feel that above allis tha self abnegatinr spirit—this self inamolattog dtspostttcn, —bosoms of those whom a partial people have elevated totbe distinction of candidate* for tbe Presidential office-mtbe bosoms of Stephen A Douglas, John C. Breckiar ,dge and John BeU. (Gbeers.) Whenin theotseaday"ihe i Romanrepubliclaboredinapprehensionofapproaching evil,ayawninggulfopenedinthelorum. Cooateraattoirepressed the assembled state, and doe forebodings pre. dietedthenationalruin.Itwasthenthatiad:vidua'p». triotism asserted Its supremacy. And a s th e citinsa hereThe officers are aUmenof some miliar experience,andhave paid greet attentionto thedri1.ng °fthefcomf«n:es. Iatewnsandvillageswherei»tierearebutfew amusements toengagethelimeof taeyouii-men,the driks are held freqneui'y. " merely onnsists of the fertile and prosperous. Within five or six miles of it is moresimple«ghtinfantrymwesser•« Keurd>°«<fHardee. AfewWideAwaketactics navebeenintro- duced in the countermarching by » » « ,taking diruire from the .-tojlrt or left, *«. Some hxm adopted a pa mllarItspoweractingoithegovernmentsoftheOldWorld andoftbeNew,itmak<stheAmerican citizen the citi-listentothegreattruthsforwhichthedemocracywerecontending. He (Mr.C.) had left his position within descended into the abyss, the plaudits of a gratejul peoplathat tbe rail amy be held in any pceitlon without spilling to rural life as he wasin ail that related to political. tbeoil. AsmallAmericanilag,onwhichare.printedth<sontforacause,andthatcauseistosaveslavery.Well, wbat sretbey infor, buttohave slaver; savedforthem by thefederal Unlonf Whywould they*go out,forthey conld notmaintain and defend themselves againsttheir own slaves? Wewould seethem march up,oneaf- teranother,undertbeblackflag,traupliugunderfootfromtheranksoftheiropponents. Hehadsimplynames of Lincoln and Hamim, is fast-ned on the rati im •oedialely belcw t h e lamp. S»metimes tbo lamps are g o -rounded by tAcolored glass, so as to resemble Uiterns.The uniforms consist of a black, drab or silver <ray cape,made of enesnslled cloth, coming down below thuwaiat,and a oitlitory cap e f the same material. The officers Be soon acquired a taste for huebanlry, andadded, bywear a cape- overcoat of the same material, and either purcl ase, some five hundred aures to his original posses-those stars and stripes a t ours. I f i t were possible i should like to tee tbe eneriraent o f old Massachusetts goio - o u t and endeavoring t o corrv Plymouth rock with her, or I would like to Bee New York go outaud carry the harbor and Cat*kill Mountains with her What d oto say that on the one side they had a heterogeneous massof people opposed to tbem. On that one side tliey had bills of New York, and dance along tbe Western rivers—carry colored lanterns or baton-.Bxranae.sion. Mr.Seward, admiring the perfect order-that wasthose who proclaimed themselves to be Lincoln aad anti- slavery men; still, on tbe same side, they'had those who proclaimed themselves t o b e American a n d slavery men—a sort o f piebald sectional party—(laughter)—through Ohio, into Indiana and the fastnesses of Wiscon- sin—proclaiming that tb e people o f N e w York had arousedthemselvestotheirmightandIntheirmajesty; tha they bsd determined, once for all. to prove t o thtIncreasing at the average ratio of 16 per cent a month.They are much amueod a t the various stories cirscotled a t tbe idea o f such a monstrous caeeee. and thought it an impossibi.ity; buthe has set at rest tbair cavils and convinced them against their will. It required,Bell could Lot co-operate with tbe friend- of Douglas whenthe country w a s in danger? Whenever y e t t h e countryhas been to danger, frrgetful of ail minor divisions, pa-triots have rallied to its rescue and its preservation. T h eBell man Sung aside his peculiar thoughts, aad the other. 1 Breckinridge man his peculiar ideas, andjoined in aculated in regard t o t n e purpose for which tbey I oeheve, tbe milk of a hundred and eighty co*s for eight Ikuen square, where they were disunited. So litre were organized. Some journals having asserted thataeuce had been g>en o r the Intended parade that in the event of Lincoln's election they will replace tbe days for the material of this immense cake. We shoe idTO THBEDITOR OF THEHERALD.In your account o i the great Union meeting ef last evening, Iam represented as asserting that tberepubli-•• • * • " ^———wasawmaWBSSaWaw ifovndatlonssotow,norrxrvefoditsproportionsbroadly SENATORSEWARWWE8TERHTOUR. enough to know what this Union is. They uuderstand it as a copartnership ot thirty three States, fifteen o f wnlchdelight intheslavefade, andeighteen ofwhich dis-like and repudiate tbe slave trade, and prefer the hiring MPORT^JTSPEBCHB8 OF SBHiM BW11I. aad compensation of free laborers. W e m a y call slavery bygentlenamesormodestterms,butslavery Is nothing jessthanthetradelaslaves,torit makesmerchandiseof tbeholies and souls ofmen Now these fifteen States have tberight and have the power, tbe unquestionable and undeniable power, to carry oa this trade in slaves, i, n i M — W W — M i l l I • — « M — — ^ —BREECHOFSENATORD00LITTL1,simple b u t pervadingwords popular sovereigntyin anyevent, save Lincoln's election, will it be MOW d zed. To accomplish the object whkn this vast assets,Ac, OUR LALaCBOSSX,Wis.,Sept.11 1H0.It waswith much regret thai w e took our depasturewithin these fifteen States themtclves. We do not inter, fere with them. We have no right to interfere with them. They aresovereign ou that subject, and are exempt fromswer was that he, Mr Robbins, was always willia*andthemselves, and tbey would let them stay out just as longall parties, in oppesiton to the grand, old, 8rm rooted, pa that when danger threatened there were none to save battime to time to defray expenses, attending parade, \.cThe estknated eosl of a p-irade, for mnsi' , oil, be., is $00 anxious to talk with all old farmers and stock breeders, if tbey got out and did n o t behave themselves? per 200 men. There i s a loss of 10 per cent in tbe wear and that he treasured np the hints that he got from them, If New York should levy taxes and imposts, and instead of ot uniforms and torches a t each parade.tbe ancient democratic party, united, firm and invia:ibk, (Prolonged cheers.)Am<vemectwassetouf>otinthelatterparto""Au- EasternStates—fromOhio,fromXewYork,fromMvc.higust to form a Central Wide Awake Committee, to b>: gan, from Massachusetts—witb them to see for ourselv-.- soldiery They are composedjof that material that maxesvant,JAMES G. BERRET, Mayer.' WW: TUB BAYOB Ol I'tlllADBLPHU.O m r s o: THEMATOR. )the government of the gonersIcouimitt^e aiopted.T no oiucers elected were the loilowlug:—can improve resources, devclipe wealth, and establish ing the movements o t bis regiment Lieutenant Col. to their ranks tbe radical abolitionts-B o f tbo land. constitutional power and guarantees for the promotion oi Nugent, the second In command, also d splaved a very that tbe standard o f the old abolition ptrty i s iden- irt-rdom. If we found you isolated and separate enmiuu- thoroc'b knowledge in the direction o f his wiug of the tical witb tbe standarl o f the present republicanPresidentFirstVicePresident A.M.CoiiluSecond Vice President Recording Secretary Corresponding Secretary Treasurer Sergeant-at-ArmsEverardus Warner. F . W . Shepherd. Thomas H. Ma.-tia. Allan Rutherford. John Missing.SouthernGeneral J . H . Hobatt Ward w a s elected Grand Mar theywereobligedtodWiiansewttnshal.GeneralWardiswellknownforhi•.gallantser-Talking latheranks, a most uosoldierlyhabit,was slaveryandcontinueItwithin theDistrictofColumbia' practised tea considerable extent during the execution Bow is it that there is one set of principles a t the NorthOFKICB BOARP OI POUCK, BAITIXOKS, July 13,1*00. < Messrs. AmrsTBELBOXTfcCo.,New York:—•he rutelimiting their numbers, and immediatel> enrolled a number o f n e w members. A t their firet parade, held soon after, they counted b y hundreds, aud their fam J aoiaed abroad, in the course of a fortnight clubs were started in Bridgeport, Waterbur., Norwich, Unionvllle, aad in nearly ail the towns through>ut the State. Men of ail ages and occupations fcetered and encouraged the organIzatioa. On the 27th ot March, at the dedication of a camp In Hartford, over t w o thousand Wide A wakes assembled, parading the streets in torchlight array, and, awing to the immense number of torches, making a most brilliant a n d imposing appearance. T h e republicans o f Bartford were overwhelmed with letters from all parts ot warn Cnloa, asking for information touching their rules,-mannerotorganization,drills.&c. Itwas at lastfounInecessarytoInauguratesomesystembywLlcbthesetetterscouldbeanswered,andanoticewaxinsertedinvices through the Mexican campaign. He was Sergeant Major, commanding t h e Seventh regiment United State* Infantry, and Joined Taylor with his regiment at Corpus Christ!. He was present a t the bvmoardment oi Fort Brown, the first action of the campaign, and i tu> ae tiona of Vera Cruz, Monterey a n l Cerro Gordo, liter peace wasdeclared he returned h raie, andwas appointed Assistant CVu'tnlssary General under General Lee, a n dupon I / * ' s retirement w a s appointed Commissary Gone ral. H e h a s long commanded tbo Scott Life tiuard.Messrs. Daniel E. Garvit, S. Brooks Pcetley, George E. Van Brunt and E. Johnson were appointed Assistant Marshals.A committee, called t h e Demonstration Committee, were then electedtomakearrangementsforthenational demonstration,whichwasd-«idt.ltobeheldontue31 ofOctoberuext. Themembersselectedwere—Wm.M.noticeable. ing brimmed, Pecksniluan party carries under its h a tThe general feature of the drill exhibited a great defi- two faces? (Chens and laughter.) W hy is it, gentlemen,the General or Central Committee were declared ex-officio members of this committee.contest, and ir weelect our candidate, thefaorieo' thisc o m p a n yt h i sto entertain.Silas B. Pntcner.party? A n d perceiving these things away yonder North, why is it that away where tbe Southern Cross gleamsWafat?f'>!fa**•*»«*•*«SSatund. Oneitemofs nt, e b reuofou the empire o f Austria, where they always manag.k M W n ^ w s f ~ £ "*** ' * * * "» P«»P»«tfon. I t1 eiscxmntenanceamongourpoliceforcetheideathatthe;atbttorCTe.%r^s;asss**°*Supreme touit-Chambers. BeaareHon.JodareIngrabam*°toelectaman whomthepeopledonotMM?utdwiere theyhaveanadmirablewayorsavingtheCniSbyor- ganfxiDgan*rm> of 500,000 men armed to the teeth to maintain themanwhom thepeopledoaotlike rathe* than letthem have theman whom they dolaVe iA Voice—Thatisthewayihedemocrats»rodoituth'arl1nlatterconsidered asthussettled,Itbeingonrdesj** ** c - .CROSSE CORRESPONDE1CE, our control But when i t cornea to the federal Union—unavoidablyomittedtotbeHXSULD'Sreportyesterday- blageentertainsincommontonight,sacrificesofearthe AsBrttlaitw. , ,_._ArtU.Anyprrson18yearsofage,whowill•»««•*•*"d yesterdayfromMadiaon,thebeautifulcapitalofthisconstitutiontoestablishjustice,notinjustice;toopponents;tbeyhadbeencalledfromtheirfiresidesandeachandtoaHtosharpenthesacrificialknife,andtotwo-tkirds vote ef Ike members present at ar#g*»f j ^ ^ waters of several other lakes glistening in tbo sunshiny to our posterity forever. Thia Union is this nation—is torks.and animated by their wonted strength—that almeetffig. at which meeting .me hundred shall be a qv arum. THB DElLfc OP THB WW« AWASXB».though scnlsm and division had prevailed in thedemocraiie rai4kj. these dissensions were healed, and that that party, theolddtmociaticparty,with Itsancientproud step.now moved victoriously for#ardtoitausual triumphs. (Loud cheers) Whilethousandsuponthousandsofourfellow citizens were in yonoer room listeningtotbespeakersdistance—lakes teeming with excellent fish and their shorestheresortofgame—there isnotown inthis West- ern regionmoreinvitingfararesidence. Madison itself ishandsomeandwellbuilt, and thecountry arounl lathis empire o' thirty millions oi people. It is not madefor trade, much lessfor trade in thebodies and soulsofmen Itismadeforthehappinessof thepeople, forthidevelopetnentoftbematerial/ sourcesofthecountry,toguaranteepeaceandsafetytoeverycitizeninthisbroadland, and toguarantee himinthefullenjoymentofallbis rights of life, liberty and property It opens to him who were there, there were tens o f thousands standing thisv*stcontinentforthepursuitofhappiness,andbywithout,andunderthenakedheavens,thattheymightthemodelfarmofMr.J.V.Bobbins,which,thougnitisbut four years since tbe first stake was driven in,nas at-tained t o such notoriety that It has become one of the zen of the world. (Applause ) This Union of ours givesMr. Seward particularly evinced great insereit know who is to do ii? It bas been said that Alabama and assertion that beneath their eiforto the old democratic own bosoms f o r t h e anvice requisite t o your Missouri, and Mississippi and Louisiana, and Florida and party should yield. (Loud cries o f "Never—never.") proper guidance, a n d surrender yourselves t oInallthat hesawandheard. Theothersof SouthCaroinawillgoout,andthentheUnionwillbedis- Therewasputtotheassemiledthrongsthequestion. tbeactiveexecutionofwhateverthatspiritprompts,and tbe battle will already b e fought, and th e victory placed within your grasp. (Great appiacse) Let t h e conservative portion o f our people stand b y their colors. T h e people a r e reliable, aad In t b e language of one o f tbe celebrated leaders, t h e people could and should govern themselves. (Cries oP "That's so.'*) Fromtbaour thedanger was averted; from this hour tbe country, which w a s gazing anxiously towards them, would take comfortable assurance. Those who bad been pausing x fearful suspense, doubting whether t b e differences la the city of New York could be healed, would he restoredto confiience, and the nion party would move oa toa double quick step time. The news would penetrate tbecuriositiesoftbeplace.Asamatterofcourse,JawutorSeward and party visited It, and we*« cordially receivedby its enterprising and kind hearted owner. Tbe stables, these all t o be surrendered if any State among u srentury, n o Roman virtue, n o self immolating Ccrtrwpaying them Into t h e national exchequer should keep them on her own account, that would not be behaving well. Thosewhothinkthatfornothing,orforanyima- ginary cause, tbe Union is to be dissolved or destroyed, have no idea o f the nature o f the government under which they live, orofthecharacterofthepeople.Go on, then, and do your duty. The lesson of public life is one that is to b e learned. It resolves Itself simply Into this—toascertain,asyonalwayscan,what,totheday in which you live, is the great work for the welfare of mankind; dothat work fearlessly, in thelove ofyour fol- low men and in the fear of Got, and this Union will sur- vive you and m e and your posterity for a thousand years. (Applause).Mr. Seward leaves La Crosse to-night for SL Paul, where beIstospeak on Mondty.While in Milwaukee a deputation from Cincinnati waited upon him, and invited him to visit that city. He de- clined, on the ground that wben h e was about to speakamong their democratic friends. They never carry arms, Senator Wilkinson, of Minnesota; Hon. C. C. Waskouru, rpeak whatever he chose to say in Cincinnati. It did not ibaa been recruited from therepublican ranks of the have no secret society grips or passwords,and admitout of Wisconsin; Judgo Goo rich, o f Mtnnnesota: tteneral move him. He thought Cincinnati just as bad as Mewwesnocratie stronghold e f the E-iat. ''lor whrt purposethey organised^" j r a s again asked. Seme said t o _llariau! InTexas;'other*, toattend theina>i•j of JIncoln at Washington, in order to repel any to prwreat hi* pearoohie joewsaton of the While »", and aaany more like amusing answers were given.Any txpJriaatiou given by a republican was regarded with aislru-t and received cautiously. I n order to answer these , .-st,una w e have decided t o lay before our rea 1- ereafuitaccountcftheoriginandhistoryoftheWile A was .*. as near'y us w e can gatuer it from information akirtvt-U n o m ruapoiitiiblo w i r o * .A u.. >. .i.LiiiL "i aucu #r.*v iu:,! irtance and vast resultsto the coming political contcat ahuuld not be overlookeder bentiied, an hasbeen doa* by some democratic an1 rtpidly rolled up in ttie city. Captain Daniel K vfarv.t ofHaow Noihiag journals, bitdemands caret'il considera- the Twentieth ward, wdlknown as anentbuaiafiUc andtion. The character an't standing o f manv members bard working republican, organii*l the first Wide awake beard for two monihs ot the last session of Congress an Corcoran, and the Highland Guard, Seventy ninth regiment previous political campaign. Never since that cannon roar tents of tbe Chicago platform, o r of attempting to de- •f our community who ha\e.joiued in this movement, company ot the metropolis, < and tttecdel the Hartford incessant boastiig as to what the ^jutti .wuid do In cafe (100 muskets), Col. McLeay, paraded on Mouday last, which thundered at Bunker's Hill—never since tbe day ceive m y audience. Moreover, I do not feel Inclined to feearit** torches *.«private's in ta. raulcs, give it a weignt'uad kiii (.nance heretoioro unknown toany aolitica'. order.TBKI8 NCMBSRS.Frost carefully prepared atatietics.it is estimated thatthere are at present in the Eastern,Northern and Western results. Now be is looked upon ai Uie best farmer, dairy- States, o-tw /our hundred ihottMtnd Wide A»'j*J.'<«, drtiW, man, horticulturist aud stock breeder in the West, H e uniform*! and atfirrtd Tbey have sprung up in largo has prepared one great curiosity for the approaching numbers i n some parts of Missouri. A fine battalion is State fab-. I t l a a cheese weighing over a thousand organi/ed in Washington, and another In Wneeling,Virgin-ia. There are also a few m Kentucky. They are steadily pounds, and thoroughly cured. The farmers a t firstattended tbe Union meeting at the Cwper Institcte oa Monday evening, wasnotcomposed or Bell and Everett clubs exclusively, ss our report would seem to intimate.compared and weighed tbeir respective values, and froo* tbo science of comparison a n d probability arrived a t t h eto elect Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin Presentand Vice President of the United States, according to tboconstitution andlawsofOhacountry. Forthi-•purpose Chien,whencewesteameduptbeMississippitothispoint thereonaformeroccasionbewasnottobepermittedtoFugitive Slave act of 1860 is repugnant to tbe const:! i.tion,totheprinciplesoftbecommon law,tothespiritofChristianty, and ta the sent ments of the civilized world.We, therefore, deny its binding force upon the Americaspeople, aad demand its immediate and total repeal ' What 1 said w a s this ;—"Tbe Free Democratic Conventco whichmetatPittsburgtn18S*waspresidedoverby Henry Wilson, now a Senator to Congress from Massa- chusetts. That Convention nominated John P . Hale, nam a Senator from N e w Hampshire, for President of the I nited States. These t w o men are prominent and lead- ing members of the republican party The platform oi this Convention contains this declaration (repeat.ng the"Where did they come from?' were the questions on1 side. Nose eoold believe that the va-t array before their interests In common, and going as missionaries owners, tor tbe purpose. Senator Dooliitie,of Wtoaoasiu; sented that that day had passed, and tuat he might nowtbey are banded together aa political brethren, baviugWe left Madison yesterday afternoon for Prairie duon a boat specially ubartered.or rather detailed b y its speak In favor of human freedom. Tbe deputation repre-eiderstoalloftheirmeeting*ordrills. Theyareeo.ualy Rufus King,of Milwaukee, andothers,were newac- York. "But,'»saidhe,"ittbepeopleofNewYorkwillopposedtotouchingslaverywhereitexistsorallowingits cessionstotbeparty. WehavealsobroughtalongCap not-listentomyspeeches,theywillhavetoreadthem,extension, aad adopt the Chicago platform as their own. tarn Harry Bingbani, o f Madiaon, with his iron gun or else forego tbe newspapers. Tbe people o f Cincinnati (Cheers.) Yonder sky without looks down upon a sceneThey are not atone intended for toruhlignt processions, " Young America" and a tiarty of artillerists. can do tbesame." Idonotvouch for•be correctnessofbutaredesignedtoco-operateinalltnemiantla;of Atr*mirieduChientheusualguardofWideAwakes allthis. Itelltbettieasitwastoldtome.political work, and by arguments, documents, au l a l was on hand, and escorted Senator Seward on board tue Mr. Charles Francis Adams and his sou make frequenthonorable means, to secure the wavering aud persuade SUamer Milwaukee. As they st >od grouped ar>u*d the addresses, and never fail to produce a very favorable (Cheers.) I know notwhat may bo the peculiar organIthehostile,actingasdistributors,checkers,challenger?, sternenihehurricanedeck*iththeirnaming torches, effectupontbeirauuieuces.utapropertyinthetombsatQainoyandMount Vernon, and in the battle fields of Bun- ker Hill, and Saratoga, and Yorktown. A reshould become discontented because tbey are not able tosecurealltbeadvantagesfromtheUnion thatseemtobedeniable? IftbeUnionistobedissolved, 1hareshowachiefobjectsofInterest,werepointedout,and thatthewayIsnot.veryeasytodolt.Nowletmeandthatbuilding.Ther«waspromulgatedthestartlingwith tkeir splendid blood horses, tha cattle yard, tbo nogpens,tbofarmhouses,tbocheese bouse,and allthesolved. They say, "You will not try to toko us back; youwill not dare to imbrue your hands in brothers' blooo tore-estahiishby force o f conquest a Union which w e haverepudiated aud dissolved." Tbey are right. Wedo notpTessible conflict was as much at home In all that related propose to do any such thing In the first place those ous, cheering, applauding multitude It 13 to be foundin States are not going out. I f they go out they g o your firm positions and in jour uplifted countenances.It *s t o b e found in those principles which Inspire y o u , and to that determination which gathers you here to- gether tonight. Hewas notprepared togo Into thede- tail of the principles which characterized the party to which they all belonged, and which distinguiaed tbemthe party were no less entertained; but Mr. Seward's questions and observations impressed upon Mr. RobDins tbe conviction that thedistinguished apostle of theirromanifest on all hands, inquired how i t was that lu s oof the uniforms is ¥2 per man. One dollar Initiation fee short a time Mr. Robbins had attained such a practical you think the rest of the States would say? I think tbeyThe companies are all self-sustainiug.The average costentitlesamembertotheuseofatorcn,wb>iiwtt knowledgeofeverythingpertainingtoafarm.Thean-wouldfoldtheirarmsandseewhethertheybehavedapartycomposedoftheoddsandendsof worldthattheyweredefendersoftheconstitution,andand patrolmen, bringing every vote to the pons. THROKUAMIZATIONIS*KWYORK.calledtbeBail3plitt-*rsBataiion.Mr.Charles;?.Vanmemorableexpressouinregardtotno(»••• ninthrfg'n:ontaappearedinlulluuiform,andthethepeople,thedefendersofdemocraticfaithanddemo-diatedsectionalismintheelectionoftbetwohighestThecityofXewYork,sofamedforitsloveofexcite- ment and sensations, soon caught t h e Wide A wake mania. After the grand torchlight procession of Wide Awakes at Hartford on July 2d and 27, the similar organ;, itioa-tbey presented a stranac aud pictures-pie appearance. Heretheywereaddre.-sidbyMessrs.SewardtudDoolit tie. 1did not hear the spc-hoi theformer, but1di<I hear a portion ot the alter, and was struck by it. Hav- ing no notes, 1 must give it to you from memory.Military Infellig,en<«. FOURTH BR1GADB FIELD D A Y .celebration, •where he was presented with an elegant uni- form by tbo President of the Hartford Wide Awakes. A n associationknownasthe.OrtaveWide Awakeswasnextof a repub . au triumph In tbo Presidential election. Thai contingency was now a certainty; and tnough hu didnot apprehendtherewouldbeanyeil.rt made tocarryou'and procceued to East New York for field exercise in evo- lutionsofthelino,preparatorytotheOctoberiuspectiou.on which that hostile nag was struck at Yorktown—has any political campaign been openel more pregnant with tbefateofprinciplesand interests than isthis presentfasten upon black republicanism a crime which is net clearly proven against it. Like other criminals, it is but anactofmercy toaccord itthebenefitofa natcralTBKlit OKllilN.New fif.iand claima the vrihptacs of this movemeat, Norden, an ohlrer of the Seventh regiment, and a prom; laratton ot Independence, that '-Sink or swim, live ..r -evenly cuiih iu fatigue dress, piaid pants, polka cratic principle*'.' Are they not those who always haveofficers of thegovernment.*' Tbe constitution provider that " Tbe electors (of President and Vice Presided) shall meet In their respective States and vote b y bail* fortwopersons,ofwhomoneatJieastshallnotbeani* habitant of the same State with themselves "SXPT. 18,1880. A . A . THOMPSON. Tbe Japanese Donation t o tbe Police.Hartford being th«i.'onn»^i.•••m oraula in wbiub the infant neot republican, was elected major commanding Intie wee nurtured. U originated in aucideot, like many«c- Sixteenth ward Colonel S . Brooks Post ley organized adie, survive or perish, be was for maintaining u iu iiofcla- ackets and small caps. T b e drill was in t b e been enrolieu in the party o f the whole country, whoseration " Tbe republican party bad made a new i>« .!*.<•,< tiou i f TndepeDiienoe; and with John Adama,ihey * i;. i maintain il " Live or oie, sink or swim, survive..- per ish.''WereachedLaCrfisseatteno'clockthis moruinjr,ani fouuoalargecrowdofcm.ens—withtheinevittbeWlte Awakes among them—assembled on thelevee. Anal dress of welcome was presented t o Mr. Seward, on lie deck of the steamboat, to which be replied as follows —Fellow citinas —It bas always been m y purpose to aatt:ipa»e the* pmgr* -s of civilization in tbe West, b y visiting tht interior portion of tue continent biforetnelndiau and h.a canoe have given pluie to the white mjati,th •s'.e-au.-T therailroadandtbe telegraph. WilQthatview, C»UM?0 byatotaldeficiencyofta-.i-cal knuwieugeonthe •'No; never";—th*t divisions prevail and secessious I explored, in 1S5»;. tbe banks o f Lake Snperiir, I-iiri. ef the Held officers or the regitn»nt l w m a per-ettaer event .r»ugnt wito great portent, and rapid*» *s company, and was elected io comgnand. TheTeonty aaased ta present gigantis proporttoas I t happeaol .» first ward, under 'aptain.George F. Coachman; the Tenth,annual course prestr.'icd b y t b e Adjutant G itteral, and consisted of twenty fn^r evolutions. Wedocct purpose, however, to speak in detail, but simplyadverttotbedrill ingeneral terms. Wesay,withallcandor,'hatattendingcircmnst&iicesrendered this drillthe "funniest'' one iuiperterv thai we have ever attended. Ibe new Sigbland regiment ao;>ear«d in tn« buua-le;tne for tbe drst time, and we were taerefore p-epare I t • (Gteat applause ) aud it is now asserted that this everthiswise-I'lltheuightoftbe-o'.hofFebruary,1»6J,tbe Eighteenth,Soventetnth"and other wardssoonfe.lowed esty of Hartford wasmuch moved by the advent of to* suit. A fine artillery corps, consistug of the Knicker-Ban. CassiusM.day,thew*K!knownrepublican avator, who wasto ad'ireas the worthycm- of t h e vistnlty. Some er.tL •<:nt;o youu^ _aMicacs of tht neigbbotoxl decided to actasbocker ami K. 1). Morgan tiuard, was also formed.A large a n d influential association, called th e " O t y Wide.i wakes," v.as farmed, and adopted a civil and military constitution, on toe piau of tbe Hartford oomne,. ny. Tbey elected for President Mr. ... M Coffin, oi the Twenty first ward, a i'rominent mercnant ol our city, and Captatn Seymour A Bunco, welt known a* an o'f. :er of long experience and casbier m a city "auk. as comman-LETTERSO F THB MA YORS AND I'OLICE COK.Mf^lONE*3 TO MR.Rl-XMONT.FROM THBMJ..OKOtWaSSUS'TOV MAYOR'*O r.r. iass'eseort totbe0!Stm^nish«d visiter, snd in pursuaoc;afthA design borrowed from a Are company hard b rsome of tnt-ir tirem^n's loroore. rteiog MI' a rather fins-Udioos turn of mind, aud wunat inclined to protect theirerondc.oth from oily innovation, they procured aome dant.Ahands.'Uieum,ofrooms,atNo.ti3sBroadway,were:->-e many little oversights committed in tue execution of the various evolutions; but w e were utterly astounded lo Wiir-fta throughout the drill a sen»s ••( *"">S8 blundersvictorious aio.y oi patriots ;s beaten and dispersed—that a vi.e schirtn has rent their ranks asunder, and tnat dis unfrm btsscatter' o tbem—that they areweak and w.Uing victims to H o militant artnjfc, of republican*—; jries o fWA-Hisnirosr,D C,JTJIJ13,1800, Messrs. ArocsT BE'MOST&Co ,NewYork—tinxTiKBXN—I bave the bonor to acknowledge tbe re- ceiptofyourfavorofyesterday'sdate,coveringcheckon tbe Bank of the State of New York for $2 $60, and copy of Ibe Japanese Embassy's letter addressed t o CapitaDupont. This unexpected recognition ofservices rendered by the police o f this city by the Japanese Embassy during their sojourn ID our metropolis cannot tail to bs appreciated; and I beg t o return to tbem iLrogh jmfitted np as aheac<iuaners, and nuny well known re- pubilcars enrolled a s wrmbers. The rooms are ooec d a y and n;_'bt, and campaign docrrneutsof all kinds kept for distribution, Admlisgiven onWednesdtyandFatur dayevenu:;.s. Agleeclubwasa.soformedtoon!iven the meetings, and trequent a,llresses from distingcished republicanoratorsfromabroadhavebeendeliveredan fore them. They adopted a very handsome unlt'erm o f siUer gray, the otticers wearing a btue plume in tbe rap, and carrying a silver batoncomposed of three uelegates from each Wide Awako assj- tbe wonders of this great civilization which are opening good soldiers; and y e t w e cannot piss over .heir mistaxesciatiou in the city, for the purpose of making arrange hero t o herald tbe establishment o f political power without adverting to them The hue officers were very ments for a grand national Wide Awake demuas rati m and empire i n t b e Northwest. B u t o u r auiiand reunion of delegates from every club m the Colon. eeficiert in directing their companies in the movom^uus,Acommitteewasseuttoeachwardtolaybeforethem cipatlonssresurpassedbywbatwesee.Noneofuspa'tlylr«mawantofconprehensiouoftbecommanns.nr, tbe object o f forming t h e central committee, a n ! would have believed that elegant ctties would have when understood, a too spasmodic manner of cxeiutitigto request their co-operatiuo. The proposal mot with so rapidly sprung u p o n these shores; nor would wean enthutiastic reception, and In those wards where uo have looked for such evidences of improvement and d o u;em. I n a l l justice, however, t o Colonel ilorcorau,gla.>"l cloth and cut it in tbe form o f capes t o protvtthe i bU i .'tors A lew git/ed caps completed the pre-farations, and thus ec|uipped they started t o me*t t!;stra-.r Their novel halt military appearance attractedCwaalderaVile attention an1drew forth theplaudits of theaseeiab.td multildde, rewarding them for their fore-thought. •>ntheir return homo one of theparty wasat-tack' d b y a sturdy democrat; but a blow from t h e origi-aal W.de Awake torch stretched him on the ground antstopped allfurther disturbance. Before dismissal a meet-togwasneld,aadafterexpressingtbeirlndtgnationat comeheroatlast,attendedbya!ewfriendsfromtbohave orcurred anvmg these lately victorious masses.one year only tn advance of tbe establishment of civil./.* tion at Sa it St. Marie. It has beeu m y misfortune thai I have not been abl i t o execute m y purpose to v»lt th. Upper Mississippi until I find that I can no longartoaoeo n its shores o r bltift's, or amimg the people who gather aro tud me, a single feature o f tbe portraits of Catiu>. which lirst made m e ac>)uamted with tais wonderful a n ; romantic region, i must take you as I find y o u 1 haveect Urce t o allow this regiment, or rather fragment of a regiment, t o take part In a ongale drill, unt.i ih y were skilled io the.riidimeot* of Uie nehool o f the Kcidier. Had it not been tnat thev were made the on toting battalion in the priacn.4tl movements u f the drill, ami been denrtved o f the Invaluable services ol Bng-dier J>l-.jor Taylor, w o could compare it i» nothing;se than a drill of an awkward squad. IheSixtyninthregimentareafineholyofcitizenForbid it, re won' Forbid it, fac> I L et ridicule hoot aadscoru rebuke ibe allegation. Wewhowmpose the pcoplr—actuated by the principles wnicb bare ever insptred thecreed ofour party—we know that, usofold, weare yetunited, and if moved with that vigor and determina-The Fourth Brigade, N ew York State Militia, Brigadier John Ewen, compose.l of th e Washington Rides, EleventhBe expressed bis grutuicatioa at the strength af thisWide Awake organisation, aud said i', was possible th- irs> rvices might not cease with tbe election. They ba<l lets. S.xty math regiment (200 muskets), Col. Michael presents its-if to our eyes has never been enacted In anyMerc)''-ir lawvers, doctor^ andrnemberaofalltradesaad pr'.ittsioo- seem to have cautut the infection, and a forme ! m the Twenty second ward, and a large company these threats yet if any effort should be made, this Wide The forenoon was occupied in battalion drill. At noon a campaign of 1S60. (Cheers ) And who are they who iu doubt of Itsguilt Finally, I am made to say by year re- referencetothedrill cells Jatiy inserted inthe«;,ec..il undertbecommandotCol.HenryC.Robe,in theNiutb. Awakeorganizationwcu.dttefundmightyconvuateutin respitewa»grantedfordaner. Attwoo'clocktheBriga thisconflictreposeattbobaseoftheconstitution? Wno portthat-'The policy ofa sound constitutionIsthat aetiotcolumnofUJ«TritnuvwillsatisfyunbelieversutAttheYoungMen'sIlepuoticaaUnion,alargeorgan-stiffingandcrushingoutanyattemptf>ove-iona*thedi«rCentralandstaffapnearedonthe0e!dandorderedaretbeywho.withtbetlagoftheircountryboundaboutallsectionsshouldbefairlyrepresentedInconventions." tke widespread extent orthe organin;ion. ization, consisting oi three companies, was formed,aud government John Auanis had made usi o f t'•'•• tbe formation or tne brigade. Tbe Eleventh and Sixty- them, pmcia-m themselves thechampions of tne right*of I raid that "tbe spirit of the American constitution repu-r'giment (300 rifles), Col. Homer Bostvick; National Ca-nities, distinct trom ourselves, w e still should b e obligedtorejoicetosuchevidencesofprosperityandgrosinggreatness. Bow much more gratifying it is for us tofind, in everything that wo see and bear, abundant evi-dences that we are, after all, not separate and distiu -ipeoples—not distinct peoples o f Iowa, Wisconsin, NewYork a n d Massachusetts, b u t that w c a r e o n e people—fromPlymouthRockatleasttothebanks oftheMississippi and to tbe loot of tie Rocky Mountains / ' it anasturance thattnatirs tu totrample under ourfed every of themostimportantmovetnuutt,creating Babelic con- and another Setorprinciples attheSouth—onelawfor menace, entry tk'rrat of disunion, wery alan',: fusion. IutbeEleventhregimentthiBwaspurlieuany Rome and another for Athent? W hy is it that this slouch-and oppr/ientu/n of' the dumenherm&it < / thi* grav enjtire: lor we find m the sentiments which yaw have expressed to us to day precisely the sentiments which wore kindled two hundred years ago ou Plymouth Rock, and which are spreading wider and wider, taking deeper and deeper roots in tbe American soil. They give us the Sure a n d reliable guarantee that under every poesib'e change of condition and circumstance the American people will nowhere forget the common interests, the ooumon aflections and tbe common destiny which make themail one peeple.Mr.SewardaddressedalargeaudienceIntheafternoon. Hesaidthathefounditdifficulttodiscussthings,ofthepast. Slavery,saidhe,asafederalinsitutlon,isowoletein this land. Only one argument remains to tad demo-cracy. Itcomestousloudlyandclamorouslyfromtbe Record.Southern States, and.querulously and timidly front among SUPREME COCBT—OKNEBAL TKKM.ourselves. Itisthatifwedonotchoosetogiveu.ithe BeforeHon JudgesSutherland, BonneyandW.F.Allen.Mr Cochrane said, a s b e resumed, that such hypocrisyexist*.- Ii is because that principle i s no longer enter-tained, but is become a mere assumption; It is be-cause there a r e gathered together i o this land a piebaldcrew of variegated colors—here a black spot and there awhite spot—who affect to assemble as one aggregatedwhole—a miserable union—a scatheless opposition, organ,laed to contend against their ancient and steadfast enemy,these friends of the country and the i'nion, under tbenameoftheunited opposition. (Applause.) Thoseene-miesofourshavefixedtheireyesupontbeshadowofof-fice. Withathirstexceedingthatwhichourmentalca-pacity can properly estimate, they hare fixed their long-inggazeupontborunningwatersoffederalpatronage herewith. Ihetbeltfromtbehoteloltwoswordsbe- and, lu their anxiety to imbibe of tbe stream and par-Sept. 17 —Ihe Penple ai the Motion of the Commission- every day a t their rooms, No. 618 Broadway, actively dissolved, if w e succeed in electing tbe honorable states- comes up ou appeal from the Special Term, ills a man-The Demonstration Committeepreparing for the festival. Communications wereevery Wlde Awake forth t h e object of the grand parade, and requesting those clubs too farman from Illinois, Abraham Lincoln. Well, I propose to damus to compel thedelencauto to insert the sum of $80,-hiving together, lasten their goading gripe upon each owitg to any negligence or want of vigilance on tbe part other, ana are thus impelled, by tbeir own momentumagainst i h e democratic ranks. (Applause ) A n d w h o of any o f the city |>olice force, i a m persuade t that Capt.K,alclub^ «5!r,yt h e States,d»y t0addressafewwords toy>uon thesubject,and toexamine how imminent that danger is with which we are menaced. The Union istobedissolved. Certainly. Why not, if Abra bam Lincoln, or the Congress o f the United Statea acting000InthetaxlevyfortheCommissioners ofRecord. Tne relate rs allege that, pursuant to the statute, chap 407, or the Scrsions Laws, theCommissioners of Record incurred necessary expenses In executing the duties devolved uponDupont and the other gentlemen of the Naval Coetatlssioc were luUy aware of this, and that they did not ooailer tbe city po'ice a s directly o r indirectly responsible osr biamable. I a m , very respectful!v. vour obedient sersettingare they that constitute those oemocralic ranks* D o tbey not come into t h e field witn heroes a s captains o f conquering hosts, which, while strugrdog for" victorya r ei nThatistheonlyargumentleft—thattheUnionwillbeersofRecordw.'heBoardofSupervisors.—ThiscasesessionalmostUnion shal b e broken down and shall perish la ruins.distant from t h e metropolis t o tend whole companiesto voat repubUmaa in r«gsr<l to tbe ujiiorm, diill, Ac, Of the to send a unlformed*delegation. Answers have beeu wit ii him, shall commit any overt act that shall bo unjust them, and made contracts for copying the indexes of re- refrain from tUrecttog fratricidal hands against theirv a n t ,CHAELES HOWARU, President of tbe Board.MB. WillOXT'S RSCIVNsw Yo»th,.Tilly 18,I860.•Mteaa Hartfotd Wide Awaken. We are about etarung a clnb •fsaveaty or eltbty, tad would Has to form after your style. nsateasB*) the information, wid put us down as some of tbepouring in from all parts ot the inioa, and many thou sand Wide Awakes have signified their intention to par ticipate in tbe grand political carnival o f t b e age. From alt towns within easy access of New York they will come tnn*a».«<;or oppressive to the slave States or to any portion of tbe I'nion? But tbey will not wait for that, and they are very wiseto not waiting for it, because If they pat their threats oa that condition they would in the first place nave no argument against Mr.Lincoln's election, and in the next ptase tkey would have to wait until after the election before they raised tbe argument. (lAagbler.)cords In the Register's office, and in I860 made application to tbe Board of Supervisors to raise the amoint necessary to enable them to complete their duties under the statute. TbeBoardofSupervisors refusedtodoso,ontheground that theactof18..5 was unconstitutional. Thereupontbe legislature ofI860 enacted "that the Board of Supervisorsbrethren? Their array is unbroken—their spirit a s mighty and a s generous a s of old. The charges of their dis- traction arebuttheusual means resorted tofortfle gain- ing of political advantage: it is but the recourse of con- sciousweakness—averysimplebutinefficientdeviceof the enemy. 1have butto point youto yonder xtoncinc lines of ireemen—our safest guarantee for a democraticCommitteerXJilS^ik^E-STi*?«"*•«•Tbt^worksigned.Thetubcommitteeontransportationareincor-boitmustbeontbecondition,pureandsimple,thatareempoweredtocausetoberaisedaudcollecteda victoryinNovember-tosattofyalltnatweareindeeda myhouse,wassenttometoNewport.Haviugretcro**J*f*TMif*,*« TM »ose esacama. ittb« for tbe eoatmceasa- as procnMMus » uk Steat eat*.<tlaam UnougUout the & iterespondence with all the principal railroad aad steamboat lines, arranging for tbe issue of excursion tickets on spe cial trains a t reduced rates. The sub committees o n fire-AbrahamLiDcolnshallbeelectedPresidentoftheInited furthersum,notexceeding$80,0C0,tomeetwnatever unitedande'tectiveparty. (Applause) Thoush Bell toNewYork,Ihowbegleavetoexpresstoyoun;yreStates. Well,Ifhebeelected,Itwillbebyamajorityof summaybedoeto thecontractorswith Commissioners menhavecomehere from Tennessee, Breckinridemen gretatthedecisionyouhavecometoin relation toIMrapidly extending ita ramiOcatioos from Maine t o Mia•wirJL Aa all the uter argssrtsaxtoaaTerelaxwjdaoe. works, reception, speakers, music, .vc,fco.,are equallyT UtW D uglMmenfroml!Ua theAmericanpeopleexpressingtheirchoiceforkirnun- ofRecord."TheComptrollerandSupervisorswereduly lT^ tl'T ^°t8-cheers), uionevtransmittedforUistributionamongtbepolicehave formed a numberment is to come down.Bless m y soul, fellow eftiseus,battalion.The Eleventh regiment, during the first part of the drill, executed the movements in a very prompt manner: but alter the teeth movement In tbe course, ms-oralmis- lakes were committed, by a failure of the Colonel to com- prehend t h e Brigadier General's orders *s k y w e hearanother taleunfolded,ciency of tactics, knowledge on the part o f the subal- terns and guides—a fact which should not be treated too lightly by the Brigadier General. In regard to the latter officer wo must say his duties on Monday were discaarged with consummate skill, judging fiom t h e manner i n which he observed and corrected the minutest move- ments of the drill.The duy's proceedings dosed with a review by Gen. Ewen.Tbe.V.tndauiii- 1^aiiul theSupervisors— Tne 9SO,OUO foribe Commissioner*ofauthorizingthemtoreceivetheproposeddonation,or extracompensation;and1amthereforeInstructedrt- spectfuHy to return your checx, which please find enctosflrat.A.Fuliertonfortherelators.oftheUnitedStateslikehimbetterthantheyltkeJohn Mr.Lawrencecontendsthattheapplicationforaman- Theylayupontheauaroftheirfatherlandailthepatriot- jourBoordtoaddtheamountreceivedlromtheJ*?*"IT,« ^Bell,orStephen A.Douglas,orMr.Breofcinridaehow damusispremature,and that bytnesectionoftheact1 e l e c t e a r referred to, no duty is imposed on the Suiierviso-s to raise ^^nR.^** "* (I*"ghteTaudaX'as^T1,^ ,r^4.b?S*60**1'wtt"i§ ««more than tltepoopie momyto payanysumtotbecontractorswitatheComwidatMforoatoatoallplanetofhonoraadtrjatioik«ro»~ « « t do nereey explicitly declare oar aattra aevtdaol£T2« <WsrltutiOB aad the imoa, amr oppoaiuoo t» imarfareate with eta-arytothe•xatsswhereitnowmgaUyexaas.aadour*Z waatotodaadtmakeml>led*ermtoati» toraaiat byaUeS amSliawlmsaasfaformereatessarw.aadptoagwemsalw»to «*• aa konorable saeana for the sn-esss aad triumph of thereted with a bamier declaring that "the Battery boysareAamctatlbsnam*oftbtoASfoehulonsbalibe"TheSe ??H******odHamlin."Theremainingdowntown like?Ifso,Ishould^to!£Se^tenT^tM1 nullandvoid.ConcedingthattheactofApril,this:thatifAbrahamLincolnshouldbeelectedPresidentio*tharapobUeanparty,aadoftheeleeasaof,w coxmrcrioa. _^f^*^^"*0*"***-suchbodyastheCommissionersofRecordofthecityaidhitherewytWMwronr county ofNewYorklegallyInexistence, andthepro-. r n t o i c a a l f l i e A w a a e a o f H a r t m r d . ' 1 AitXTheeasorimtaasaaU,bymeetingsaeMunderitsdi "T* ^eqt&vllywellrepreeented,Teotawj,byitiaswaraitaiiaenea,andthepersonalla!utareof ik!^"".",«'**.wwberawhohavealreadysignifiedW h a t k i n d o f . l g Oo Tv e o r r n n m m e e n n t t w o u U J t b V H ! ' e j e c t e d ' a 1 8 6 6 , w a s c o n s t i t u t i o n a l , t h e y c o n t e n d t h a t t h eo f t h e U n i t e d S t a t e s , i n s u b o r d i n a t i o n , d i s s e n s i o n , s e d i t i o n and insurrection mutt inevitablybetheresult. (Ap- plausei andstill more;thatifhebeelected President of the United Staves the constitution of our country will betrampledunderfoot.Insu:hacontingencyeveryman, no matter who or what, must, if p isseasedof the slightest sparkrfpatrioticprinciple,rashtos»vehiscountryfrom thethreateneddoom. Sothen,mvMends,whilewead- here to our principles, let tie carry onr tlag proudly aloft I.etus.aswestandbeneaththebannerofourI'n-onand tneflagofourcountry floats upon thebreere ioln ,n sympatheticp.vansofpraise fortheblessingswhichwewasjMtsera,ssektoaitatoOateajestsatftsrthinthepreamble. ArtAIkectueeraoftatoAawwtoltnathaileoaaauofafre- ± %rat ati Viae frrtldrata, a Oorrean- adinx secretary, a Re- r^, « * « aawratary aau Aastotaat a Trtaaurtr, an Kievmire.v-,wa.aeaof&v«,%adanAsduorofAacooata.r7m[RSXM*^***m ta*P*»dc.*t«estimated thxtlike? My unpreaion is that it would government notdiffering very far fromtheexpensessetforth,becausetherewasnoappropriation intheTreasuryofthecountysufficienttocoversuchex- penses at tbe time when they were alleged t o have been incurred. Theytherefore submit that themotionfora peremptorymandamusshouldnotbesustained. Decisionreserved.688Broadway,forthereceptionofthePhiladelphiaConti- nental Wide Awakes.InCcnt'ecticataStoleConventionofWideAwake dele- gateswillbeheld,that Connecticut maybe represented Inasolidbody.In the Ftrat ward a company of 270 men has been form-ed, theWhitehallboatmenhaveformedaclub,andwillParade,withshandsomeboat,riggedonwheelsanddeco-ismwithwhichtheyareinspired. .Coeera) liisthus when danger threatens and the note of fearful prepara- tion is heard, ti at men of the North rally rouud tne stau-neseAmbassadorstosomefundfurth•benefitofb*fa mnies of ) our police, such as.no doubt, are cstabiisiioi inyourcity. Thisdisposition1feelcouvincodwouldi>- asmuchinthespiritandtheintention ot tnedonors** anindividualdistribution. Awaitingyourkindaossrer andhopingyoumayallowmetoretcrn 50atbecrnc* withtheaboveunderstanding.Iam.very r-^pectt'slr, yours, AU.1-1JEl.MON'fBoARtiorPones,BA;T'MOKE,lay20,H#° A . B n x o s T , E s o . , N i w Y O B K —DBABSIB—Ihavereceivedandsubmittedtatheft*"" yourfavorofthe18th.Wewouldhavepreferredthatourdecliningtorecs'-f' tbe Japanese donation had been acquiesce! ie,aaa 1*-'^_ing this Union, and oven those who fear thatlt "tojTotOgto bedestroyedbecausethepeopledowhat they teenulty maydoandwhattheyhaveaeOBstitmtonalrig!*todoThomas M. Tryniskiknow nothing at all of the suti.er.t of which they sre Ulk-*D«n Lincoln, as I amoftheUnitedStateshavebeenguiltyordotagrorVventr miesionersofReoord years everyfourthyear-electingonemanw^imtbey tobeduetothem.untilacertain sumhtsbeen foundTheyalsocontendthatthereisnoTK const.tulioninacourageousefforttopreserve Thenisit,wbeninternaldifficultyaiddisunionpre-inthatr Canyoucontrive anywayinwbtch^oawf visionsofthe6thsectionoftbeactorApril17,1S60,areelect a minoritv man—a man whom «.« tw.V.i/ , .did notTike --..weelecte!we didnotlikeInstead of a manv>0 CommissionersofRecordwerenotauthorizedtoincurUntitledDocuHorn.JwtomCO«SS*S»IM,•*Www Yorlu Inconsequenceofthestrainuponourcolumnstooar issueof yesterday-aotwithstendingtketootthatween- deavored to accommodate our readers b y issntog a triple Bhcet-the following speeches of Hon. John Cochrane, delivered at thenjonster meeting on Monday night, weredone,themanofallthecandidates,thebest with whom partedbytheopponentsofLincolntothe-'-finaleoland relief from danger attested t h e virtue o f the •acrilae. out.Hewouldreturnfromhispositionherewhenhis (Applause.)BarewehereinAmerica,intelanineaeciothattheranksoftheenemyproudlyoccupiedthissquare selfforthecommcnwealwillbecheerfully made. (Loud applause.) Fellow citizens, consult tbe spirit within y o uto spetk for a few moments t o the multitudes wltb"Can you overcome the enemy who so often baa carried dismay into your ranks V The answer to that «uest;on bas been rendered here tonight. W e democrats an- swered the question, and It is to be found in this vigortriotic democratic party. (Great laughter aud cheers )There might a s well be brought against you an armr ofboys, for this host or democrats a-.^cmbled here to night,tn spite of alleged division, and in spite o f charged schismto its ranks, will teach itsenemies as of old that whenthe country is in danger democrats unite and rally to itsrescue. (Great cheering.) Where was the democratwho would assert that bectuse one man was a friend ofBell that therefore be could not actin unison with thefriends ofJoinC.Breckinridge? Orwherewaxtheman Ihemajorpartoftheprocession wasmade upoftbo who would charge that the friends of Breckinridge andTowards the close of the meeting within. Mr. JOBS COCHIUSE, in answt-r to repeated calls, came forward and spoke a s follows:—Fellow citizens and Union democrats— Ihavejustreturned lromaction onthetented field.such asthepatriot's eyeglistens to look upon, aad over whichbisheartswellswithemotioisofgratitude,while his judgment becomes satisfied that his country I s safe.zationofthosetediouslinesofmenwhichawbiieago oragged tbeir Blow length along, clothed with glittering cape and armed witb torch and cap:butI know the or- ganic strength of the people who are here, and I know that Sdch a people, in such numbers, vigor and enthusi asm, though sunk in drowsy slumber, are lit to meet and vanquish whoie armies of Wide \wakes. (Cheers.) A more important and a more peculiar scene than this which nowone above quoted). Wilson and Hale have never dim vowed theseaentimento. They entertain them now. Ior.er these fans, in connection with many others, as liaks q the chain of evidence tending to prove that black repub lleansjand tbe party to which they belong, are in favor of tbe repeal of tb e Fugitive Slave act.''names are conspicuous in the .aonals covered with the traditional glories o f democratic unit}- A r e tbey s o t thote w h o time after time, and year after year, hive marched steaoily snoulder t o sboolder ever onward against the contending roe, and who a s often na*e re- turned from the contest with tbe dead upon their shields, victorHUB banuers waving over them, and martial mu- sic proclaiming victory t o the party o : the country.tion that hitherto have characteri/ad our eflirts andac-tion, success awaits such efforts and such action. their grateful acknowledgments. The police force ot tfc;i(Cheers.) Ihave said tnat this wastbemost important city iscomposed ofone hundred offiseraano men. 1hireofallthepolitical campaigns that thiscountryhasever seenoritspeople engaged in. AndieItnotso? Onthe one side is the constitution an I tbo country; on the other is fanaticism. division and disunion. I s i t proclaimed that amid these there is not abolitionism—that even its shadow is not to be engaged? irnot. whydowe hear harsngue. s I n far distant parte of tbe land, away where tbe North star shines, proclaim to assembled multitudes that tbe republican party is an abolition parly—that the republican party, if installed In power, will exclude Slavery from tbe District o f Columbia and abrogate the Fugitive Slave iawr W h y d o w e hear thorn proclaim,tbe honor tobe,very respectfully,yourobedientser-from t h eand are told that Abraham Lincoln is tbe representative of theconservatism of tbe land; that Abraham Lincoln Will be the protector of the slaveholder, in that be will administer the Fugitive Slave law;that he will protectsballed1i nIrresKtibiecolumna sUnion m e n(otce of your city. The acknowledgment tendered by lbs J a p a n e s e E n v o y s h a s b e e n a x t - p t e u b y t h e t h r e e other ones,althoughthusfarIamnotinformedbyallufis* heal disposition that will bemade of themoney furtht benefit of the parties ink reeled Allow m e to eogiroi;Sr.."'J?**»ho,irrespectiveof?,it.sent tht mselver. that w e seek for the cause »r the peril whichthreatens,thathappilyoureffortsmayavertit. Thatdanger threatens none candeny. How,then,are wetopreventit? Wbatisthecauseofsuchperil.' Itis,«iheere)Sitedbypredominantdatire,thattheelectoralt'ekat— Union electoral ticket—presented for the sapoort ef the Union seeking men e f the State, be etootedVTkhiT B EThe grand torchlight procession from Brooklyn, watcsHKOOKI.YNC L U B S . *various lodges or t h e l tion League, a n organization com. posed o f Breckinridge, BeU and Douglas m e n alike, and pledged to the support of a Union candidate aad BOSSShould m y reported remarks g o uncorrecteel, I might be charged witb either being grossly ignorant of the conthis g Jl, 1 a m , respectfully,FBOn THErRKSTbr-TT os TSXBtmxoRj poin roass.GRXTIXv.s>—OurMarshal hasreportedtousyourfavor of tbe 12th, enclosing a copy of a letter from tbe Jepacew Embassy to Capt. Dupooi, and your cback for $300, to He distributed, by request of tbe former, among the po!:« ofliOCTs and men of this city, In acknowledgment of tbeir efficiency in contributing so much to the comfort v tbe Ambassadors. Tbe wishes of t h e Board that ererythsf in tbeir power should be done to promote the comfortoi tbe distinguished guests of tbe city were e&Vtoally car ried outby thepolice force; andwcare gratified toleera that their services were noticed and appreciated. Bet st allthattheydidwasintheperformanceoftbeirregular duty,tbeBoarddonotconceive themselves ^.stillednrWtth renewed thank- for tte.vLFAANDEK HENRY, Mayor ol I'.clade.'pt.i Ta anorder>«»«<*»>**•'•'"^mmitt*e.i-r* :se .. v ,', it(i kxeciuvff •'ommtuee tost^uo.withoutreferei.eetoiheauthorityofhisseV-«/.t / . _ Willutm E TaykvW ¥• Havem. -.309 South 4th StreetFulton New York 13069W AJroi A E„ \ \ * S T. T ^".P??' !* — * Worral is themA<vu:Lrol"1--•*naJI in(lb**<**"*•«Iiiiir. Thfv'neenoideaofwhattheIaim, K 8 J m e aauitxri/e tbe poPcc force to receive ?I.ail beappl'edt'www.fultonhistory.coma"l ii' 