 (0NEW YORK HERAy), TUESDAY,_ SEPTEMBER 18, 1860.-TRIPIE SHEETFRANCE.Mpcleon BreportedtoSaveMH-.-eJ'M. livini cf hacmctxe ics.re to see Italy .udepeadtnt. When Victor Ihaaawlsnkae* master of Oci'y sa/j Naples be will be j | r y f g a l 9 f t h G JuTfc n t QO©06C A M J strong srjccrh to contend alone against Austria ; butlast wnbClnrxttti andlt^anopoia.aaJwulagreeto ecu -Ji nereafwr,J making anychangesatlb*ratesof eastward boend traffic tbe head of sect, association.Ti.ia •* turnjjg the Western line off with a small dish, itcsn hardly be ca»ied a quarter of a loaf.There has been considerable difflculty cf Iste, «e*sio*>TWO11YSLATHFROMEUBCPE.Capture ofWalher—ConditionUxe Tentonia at Bow YorktItmn:i -*•«***p**TM**«*i«<*s ma conflict, France ed by the Western roads advancinc money ^ droyerato a?d in ourcbasJig their live stftk. Many of these <£o«-rsThe steamship Star of tbe West, from Havana on the13th icst. banrv. v « I.ten. «N.i-.,«Vc.NKWORUUSS, Sept. 11, I860.Decidedly the most interesting event in ou thsstrkm' world since tne appearance in New York of Mile. Rachel wa* the reappearance last night of Mr, Forrest, after ** absence of four years from the meirepnnten boards, whenMr.Forrestwsspayinghislast engagement,atton* Broadway Theatre be wss compelled to retire from public life by an attack of the font, snd it was&C, &C,An>moiiAL BY THE TEUTCHIA.~t- r-rew steamer Teutoal*, from Southampton on Tt^fSay. September 5, »rr. red here ycsterlay afternoon. On Frviey, August 31, a fire broke out in the ex active•reaaeu of tbe Thame* Iron Works, Blackwail, which ina trw tc .re destroyed property to about £10,000. The per cent. The demand at the Bank was light.NEWS FROM THENATIONAL CAPITAL.NW of rrcperty, wheh in oo\ere<i by immrance, it as •<u. t^ f-mi-areJ with the delay and impediment it will *t>>to '.be progress of a war steamer of prodigious di-The linden Times city article, dated evening of tbe 6th, says the iijJiah funds were without slteration through- out tbe day. In the discount market tbe d-man-l was agao limited atfprevioos rates No gold was taken intoarrived at San Francisco on the 3.!. The subsequentexpress, with dates to the v-J'.h, \>as telegraphed fromwith some hall dozen other Canadians, forced himself upon tte roy. 1 pai.tj—'•Nothing singular in tbat, sure—Tte Secretary and Assistant Secretary of State are busily minutes, and which culminated a ith "three choers" pro- engaged preparing the instructions for Minister Mclane, posed by a young gentleman with a shrill treble who will probably sail in tbe Pawnee on the20th for Vera voice. Order now reigned in Warsaw, aed tbe playA c.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.LONDON M0NK7 MARKET.LO.VDO3», Sept. 7—P. M.Consols•losea'.93','a93'..formoney,and"3.:a93', for account.!wou.dnotallowbartoabaaahervictory.Tb* Tv:n Bourne was dull acd drooping. The rentesnwffl^il** »• ln deliveringthefreightm one road to tbe other, tbe last road was held respon- fromsibse for tbe amoBBt of chrrges, including freight aad cey advancet, and it frequently o-curs tbat the stock %%Z<ZlTrm'^e*~t^&TMt"K** snd money ad- varced.m tbat <sse the Eastern roads have been heavy wceers. To prevent this in the future, they yesterday resoived that they will sot collect or be responsible totba Western roads for any cash advance* made on live stock at points of shipment.[The Convention, at 1 P .M ., adjourned to meetattli* 9t. Nicholas, on the 14th October.her*. SogaisThe stock was 196,000 bo-*s.a ! 8 t fMOVEMENTS O F GARIBALDI. doted at «Tf. '96c.It !• reported «ia'. the Kmpress is unwell, and will notreals for No. 12.ThelotnationtetbeBuflaloBumDeclined, weredeclining. Exchange en Londonwas16a16%per feared that he never would* again sppssr be-tfe ^Dddes Appearance Within Thirty *lii« el the City ef Naples.accompany the* Emperor to Algeria,TI1K L A TEST NKWS.LoxbOff, Sept. 7, I860.Edwia James, M. P .; the Bon. Mr. Ashley, M. P ., and other aagliahmea, are on board a Sardinian vessel on abe*, * c ,Curros BAVBS, Niagara Falls, Sept. 17, WO. The Prince did make tbe dangerous passage under tbec e n t p r c m i n i o , a n d o n N e w Y o r k 2 s 4 '•, p e r c e n t p r e m . The Spanish war steamer Francisco I) itts arrived at Havana from Omoa on the 6th andTrnxillo on tbe 7thfore tbe footlights. Full of honors—witb tte substantial reward of success, the favor.te artist might well bare taken bis farewell ef the stage, wbereiv be bad reigned supreme during five and twenty yean. It is well, however, for the admirers of the Shakspeariao drama, that Mr. Forrest re considered his detemitatio*, snd finding his health perfectly restored, concluded•rREtD OF THE l.\STRRECTIO!i. v t l te < iaribaidl at Ssierno.The city of Naptot is perfectly tranquil, and the peopleNEWS FROM THE PACIFIC. his name in the traveller's book as Albert Edwaro, Prince proceeded to Rio Negro, where Walker'? army were en- an engagement with Mr. Nixon. That engage-HPORTJWT DECLARATIONOFNAPOLEON.A»otl»r Report of the Flight of the King of Haploi.• -•-•-——--•~~>~UTTER FROM MR. LIZffD8aY.SLIGHT ADVANCE IN COTTON. watching the frontiers, acd of preparing to cross item, too, in case of necessity. The „< verntntnt is al-ASOTHTK rALL IN EREADSTUFF3, ready collecting m tbat direction a force of twenty thou sand men.eondnct themselves in a dignified manner.Very large quantities of wheat, barley, rye and rape-seed have recently been bought m Austria by Freacb and j ffegiisa speculators.Anotter Preach liaw-of-batUe ship, the Alexaader, has . left Toulon for Naples.j The sale of photographs of Garibaldi is prohibited in > V .saoaArrival or the Overland Pony Express— JHcws from California, China, sic, die ST. JO«r.i'H, Mo., 9trpt. 18.1580.Tbe Pony express, with California dates to the 6th ol September, and China to July 34, arrived last night.HAS FTUS* »CO, Sept. 6—3:40 P . M. Arrived 2 d , steamer John L . Stephens, Panama; 4 t h , stip Hornet, New York; Mozzart, Bordeaux; bark Creole,Bong Kong; Kdward and Bixa, AustraliaSailed 1st, ships Tfild Ranger, Melbourne; Moonlight,Bocg Korg; barks Investigator, Callas; Daniel Webster, Shacgfcae, 2d, bark Commsdore, Bong Kong; schooner Slay knieen, Shacghae; ship Maildnke, Baker's Island.There were f"5.C00 worth or Washoe silver ore shipped for New York by the stearrer leaving on the 1st.The ^bip St. Helena ha* cleared for Liverpool, loaded with -JA .CO sacks of wheat. Tfle co t of lending Califor- na produce to Kurope is about the samess ^ending It to New York.of Wales. To morrow be has been invited to go over the Suspension Bridge.It is settled that tb* Prince attends tbe bop at the Clifton House this evening. Colonel Irving has charge of the .nvitations, and much feeling is manifested that this is not, like most hotel hops, public.The Prince crossed over the ferry to Goat or Iris Island this morning, and was enthusiastically received by a motley group of ragged children, negro waiters and pic- nleers,toescapefromwhomhewas compelled totakeacamped. Tbe boats of tne Icarus proceeded up the river, and captured Walker witb seventy of his men, all of whom were taken to Trurillo and delivered to the autho- rities of Bonduras.Walker's men were very destitute, and many of them being sick were permitted to return to the l 'nited States, en the condition of never engaging again ia an expedition agsuBStCentra)Amenat.ment was commenced last night, snd Mr. For- rest appeared in Hamlet, to a boos* which absolutely overflowed. Half an hour before tbe periorm- ance oommeneed the popular portions cf the theatre were jammed, aad many persons had then been t .reed away from tbe doors. The orchestra seats and private boxes bad been previously sold at high premiums The deni- zens of the upper tier employed the time between the opening of the doors and the (xrnunencement of the play inacharacteristicmanner,cheering everybodyin gene- ral, snd mak.ng themselves as jolly a* possible, without the smallest regard to the proprieties of the pis'**.However, when the baad was "rung in" and the a t sicians commenced an overture—a medley of airs which have been from time to time introduced into tbe perform- ance ot Sbakspeare's plays—tbe "gods'' became perfectly quiet, and when the curtain rose, the;The party walked and rodeTbe pony express, with St. I^ouis dates to the 21st, rejoined an Irishman standing near, and who hadGeneral Walker and Col. Kndler arc to be shot.ACLtsK.ce and strength called the Warrior. The tonnage tb" Bank to day.el vbM vessel is tst.mated at 7.(XX) tons,and her coat XJH ***'.Mtm Mr W Harriaon, en Monday, October 2. | above those of last week. Tbe sale) to day amount to ; 12.C0O bales, including 4.000 to speculators and exporters,Careen Valley to••lay.The Douglas and Bell Slate Conventions meet at Sacra- what's to prevent them." A boat was to be sent over Cruz. He is ex|iected here tomorrow. Tbe statement was proceeded with. It is not our purpose, atTie Log ec Optra, at Covert Garden, will commence itstn.ra teason, under the management of Miss Louisa Pyse , turns for the middling and lower quali.ies being ',J.candidates are pledged i> oppose the re-election allowed on board.'' of Senator Gwin. The Breckinridge ctndidates are un-instructedProposals for building the foundation and basementstory or tbe State Capitol at Sacramento have been open- ed. The highest bid was 9130,000, and tbe lowest ISO,CCO.The daily overland mail between Sacramento and Port- land via Oregon, commences on the 16th tnst., thus inau- gurating a new line of stages.Overland immigrants continue to arrive in considera- ble numbers by various routes.VBSXJH>I noiDKMY iFPonrmnxTP.Applications are constantly being made to tbe President same rdlt here, tlat it seems to claim espe:al notioe,Tttt- c atribctica of prizes in all the pri- ary schools in 1 tbe market closing buoyant at full prices. Tbe following France are forb ddea, if not officially approved of; also i are the authorized quotations:—This afternoon the Prince and suite drove dewn to Sus-ibe roc;tai of discourse* notcomnunJcated to tin authori- ity* aad I M rfaiivery of addre-*e* by tsacbers, male or j Orleansfair. 7?fd.7 i .6'-sd. estimated atMiddling. t\d.6d5 16-16J.bales, oftlemen were assembled, wheu an address was presentedfci'.k-i, w ILL<ut previous permission. Lfttorfiuu Mr. Lindsay.I Mobiles Uplandspissed uEder the Etars and stripes, snd were then upon American soil. The Prince was driven down to the Whirl- pool Houss, and walked down to look at tbe whirlpoolbad been made to the President for tbe appointment of a son «4* Balie Peyton as midshipman, is without found* tion.TO THITOITOBOF THI LONDON TMES.BTATK OF TRACK IN MANCHESTER.«* •• speca! *av< y." 1am air, your obedient servant. a,lv»Timj«»,CHy,Sept.3I860. W.8.UN'DSaY.ana 8d. lower. LIVERPOOLPEOVTRTONMAREET.Provisions quiet and without much change. LONDON CORNMARKET.and upwards of 60,000 pounds taken out in five daya Tbe lead is two inches wide and nearly all good.Bids were opened to day by tbe State treasurer fbr tbe redemption of f 58.000 worth of State bonds. The amoun5 of bonds ottered were $84,600- The lowest proposieion was 4>*c. and the highest a fraction over Me on the dol lar.Tbo Broderick will case wss before tbe Probate Court this afternoon. Martin McDonald, formerly Deputy Shcr- ilfof New York, waa sworn as a witness for tbe contest-ants. He impeached the reputation, for truth and verac- ity, of A A. Phillips, one of the attesting »itnesees. He swore that tbe reputation of Phillips was bad; that lie would not believe him on oath, and that be (Phillips) » a sa notorious Tombs lawyer.S*.v FRAXOSCO, Sept. 6—0 P. M.no cheers; the people did not desert their usual avocations to run after his Royal Highness, snd tbe faint shouts of a few specimens of Young America were the only welcome tbe Prince received.This premature visit to the States was entirely unex- pected, and not altogether desirable, as tbe people about the little village of Niagara are not those from whom an American would wish tbe Prince to form bis first impres- sions of our people.The Prince and party took horses oa the Canada side snd rode about for some time. The Duke of Newcastle and Lord Lyons walked about looking at tbe Falls; and a prominent feature in the view from tbe Clifton Bouse at sunset was the Duke sitting upon a post in most demo- cratic style, with arms folded, and seemingly in deep contemplationofthemagnificentcataractwhichthunler-was tried and convicted, earnestly recommended his par don, on tbe ground that after his conviction be gave fa vorable information to the Marsha); also that bis health has been broken down b y t h e long imprisonment b e suffered, and that he has now beea more than sufficiently punished. These fasts are necessary to correct false statements which have been made upon tbe subject. urSMTrH FRO* CTAii.Additional intelligence was received at tbe War De-partment this morning from I tab. Colonel Co k had ar-rived and taken command. There was no politicalnews of importance. The various tribes of Indians in theneighborhood of I tab and on tbe Plains still continuedtheir depredations, but every means was being adoptedThe Letter of Prince Mm rat.Tbe Par a Men sttr of yesterday publishes the followingA oorrespoadenlsays:—Seneral-V«et imposebye path through tbe woods.about the island, viewing tbe rapids and ascending uponProspect Rock—in s h o r t , " doing" t h e island, a t t b e rock,standing still long enough for a photograph. The Prince ad- after tbe capture of the filibusters. vanced hesitatingly to the end of tbe narrow bridge closeto the brink of the Falls, watching tbe plunge of the * a -ters, white with tbe froth of their madness, and the stillriver below, beneath whose surface the waters seethedfuriously, like tbe quick pulsations of tbe heart, whentbe outer man is calm* after some exhaustive toil. AnIncident is related which contrasted singolarly witb thegrandeur of this scene, and changed the silent admirationof tbe royal party into roars of daughter. Onecr tbe equerries remarked, "See how the watersfail sheer down into tbat cauldron" "Be dad,"ine em i.tude, which, has risenfrMtnall parts of Italy to near one million and a quarter, an aggregated abundant. ise ir> oi exteriBinativn hurled against our boose, which community nearly equal to Paris, and largerIrritated by the comments of the New York Press, department of California.neously bursts into bis famous guttural exclamation, which cannot be represented by types. Take ail tbe con- sonants ami macadam.ze them—then you have it. A^ain, at the Ghost's exit, Mr. Fortest exclaiming,L*r i^eatae the mark for universal reprobation. Mrau- than any of the other great capitals of Europe, withmtt le civ.l war, ^hicb is already spreading over the pro- tbe exception of London. I may mention one fact. i es of the Cbnttnent, will carry a-.vay the dynasiy ; which may not be Known by some, tbat amongst theNEW3 FROM CHINA.By the bark Creole we nave files of Hong Kong papersto July 24. ;accordingtothelatestad\•'•<as,aTdien-wan,attte SSk'oissoungmmrr.aficalastobehardlycomprehensible; mouth of the Peibo. This is a ma reticent bay, about,tec BU ,f the reiiorteis rightly understand it, the on y replyboychoo«etomakeisthattheyneverknewSmith,an.l flat he; has nothing to do with the trains.Con; ary to genera! evpectr.tion tbe Prince was not present a; the ba'! here this evening; but the royal ba.id arts in attendance, and the whole affair was very plea- »>t.To morrow the Prince lays the cornec stone of Brock's monument,andthengoestoHamilton.THE OFFICTRS o r THS fT.VI FRUST).The following 01 errs i.a\ebeen ordered to report ou tiie Nth of October next ' r duty <u board the I nitcdof the famoriciere'sLondon proclamationsAiityon the Sardinian government the duty ofTbe :nt*nx of gold to tbe Back was easy, and the moneymarket was improved. Tbe weather ctusod firmness intee fun' a, but events la Italy checke l an advancar ten sacks of potatxs. deccy. Cossois ha<i a drooping tendency The den andfbr money was moderate; -est bills were negotiated at3 \ per cent, and in exceptional cases as low as 3)» persingularaudience—onein whicht i nLIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET. JLrvmKPOOL, Septmento today. Efiorts are making for a fusion ticket the Falls, and iiuite acrowd gathered to see it; but it was tbat our government had accepted the proposition of tbe very late hour when we write, to enter7,1S60. The Brokers'Circular reports the sales of the week at 9&.00O bales, of which 29,000 were to speculators andg'.Vicg each party two electors, alter tbe plan of tbe i'u- s.on .n New York.almost immediately dashed to pieces in tbe rapids above,England and France, of intervention in regar-i to Mexican ahairs, is untrueinto a detailed criticism of Mr. Forrest's Hsm'et, still his performance was so widely diOerect, and we may say so vers much better than when he Istt p.ayed thew tfcat j.'timate ruin whxh the iniguitojs arts of per- many nationalities of wDSch the population of New YorkTt-rft auv.sers have lucg been prejanog for the de- is composed, we have a greater number of ("eraian* alouj The-ii !:ed expedition of Eo: land and France remained, *i boclJ not travel auy more in the royal trains. Tne mes-States sloop of- war Cumberland, now l>eiD^- titted out at •I/xik where he gee*—out at tbe portal.'' drass Gertrudeand Saturday took part n the proceedings.re -cited w -u: t k.-states. The picture and furniture Tb« question of rates from Boston westward was oneBin ALO, September 17—6 P. M. European enemy. their small weapons being, for the most New York and Havana steamship Compary.«-f is* aaace. and the King's baggage ware embarked on of the most difficult sublets before them. It was finallyUe.te ooboardaSpaambvessel. •Sreeu to give to each of the four lines avtaw juithorltiea aJhru that the King bad adopted the water tariff rrom the •• hub" of the universe to central de*,*.ti«policyofnosurrender,andwouldnetleavetill points in the weal, tne Central and Ene toFlour »teady ami In moderate demand. Wheat—The •ago spring at SI; 5 luO do. at SI 04 5.800 do. redpart, macbiocka and bows and arrows. Ihst the AllieswillreachPeklBgthereeanbenodoubt. Thesuccesses We>tIndiaandToucey,bonedout,wereallblowsashore14* est extremity.Wtec Edwta James, member of Parliament, passed$ a>i c - - J a . at SI 22. Corn quiet. Sales of 6,000 bushels at 65c tb* rebels, justifies the writer in the start-Xe$ .Sffeyi?' U*»" -"'^^can^ira" "at lowraalrK20,000bushelsordinarytofiurat-J8c SeveraltowboatsarelyinghithanddryafOc. Whiskey nominal at :22c. (.anal freights—16c on ling announcement that the Chinese empire is on tbe eve Milneburg, the terminus of the Pouchartr&in r»£roed, wheat 16c. on corn to New York lake imports—14,000 of dissolution. It does not appear tbat our public func- is submeiged atd tbe wharves damaged. K is reportedVenet-aHard,sad6ceattoathefour*ekesr**,^ nonewchartershavebeenefiected. Theeovernm!m man UM hss again offered lor tenders for tbe transport IM^Zfrost New Tort to tbe leading cities oX the West- tans but ban taken but very few reeseJs. Excnanae aad R^'market closed loner; sales in the morning 40,000 buetteK- winter rtd Western at SI 16 a s i 17. Corn scarce, firm andquiet:sales30,000bushelsNo.1nilnotsat6"-. which is above shippers views. Bar ey firm; sales 7 000 bust. Canadian at 70c, afloat. !'.60O bush. do. on private terms other grains quiet. Canal freights advanced u o a Jc Flour 37c, wheat 12#c a 13c to Nsw York. Lan-« issports-20,800 bushels wheat, 6,200 bushels corn 25 700AtMobiletbestormwasseverelyfelt.Alltbewharves in the lower part of the city were submerged during tbe faie. Pomeroy & Marshall's lime warehouse was burned TxaxTox. Sept. 17, 1800. and several steamboats blown ashore. Tbe brig LegbortrBYTMA.placing New York nearer Use Boston rates, tnaa Dpon nap previous compacts.lion—Tbe commissariat bare not drawn thtemail as waa anticipated, and tbe rates have fallen ofTa Utile siaoe tba commencement of b siness for Mm outward mall wlTheCaseofJacknlow.Tbe United StrUs District Court meets itere to morrow,It «i« •,<•*a asserted that Camtiaas bai bean massa-from Mobile to l>nsacola was also washed ashore. The loss by tbe fire and storm was $660,000.A N e w P l a n e t D i s c o v e r e d * WASHINGTON, Sept. 17, I860.lastSaturdayeightanewplanetwasdiscoveredattbOhcre"congregatedthanarecontaipedinanyofthecities of the German confederation, with the eveption of Ber- lin and Vienna. With a population so extftirvo as New Yorkuowpresents,withcontinualimmigrat'onfroma'!P'rtsmiit!.-,N.h.,asthe"sgsi:pofthe H>me squadron :—Captain John B. Marston; Lieutenants Alex. Murray,JohnS.Maury,J.H.Rochelle,CharlesH.Oreen and Charles E. Fleming.THE i.l SH lo>: C'SKK-Hl1'^ I.N THS • K \ - l - H'-IXAt". There are nearly one thousand applicants for clerkships in the Census Burea, notwithstanding a number havet•i.in.?ofChd.r.eeill.o.'Uouroon. Ibebloodofthec i ••£.--. ..relent!y fp'iit. will again i!ood tbe tfionsanrt:< w^r oi me kirit-dom, SL ! yoB--3ncf the hope and lore>1.Le-.••••"lie—-.i!beregardedwithhorrorasthesole•-a.ee ;" a fratricide! war. Sire,' while it is yet parts of the world, with accidents occurring daiiy of the bead. There were HO sail of the allies, wh.ie ail thedown in tbe corner, aud leans gasping against t t e pros-. u_- utve o r bouse froio the curses of all Itay. most varied character, there must necessarily be a Vist troops were encamped co the shore. The natives were1Vet. w «••• toble exa -pie of our royal kinswonnn Held for the observation of the numerous maladies tofr.eudiy.Tbe climate was healthy.if paniia, who, on tbe breaking out of civil w^ir, re*as*c c>»r eubj^ts from their allf'giauce, and left themwhich humanity is liable. In this practical age toe medi- cal student will no longer be satisfied with didactic lec- io .--arD.ter oi ine.r own destinies. Eurepe and your tures alone, or with the nrading of words from the pagesi-or I ::gin arrived at Ta en wan on the afternoon orK.ID--: Kiiitakeyoursublimesacrificeintoacooant,atid ofbjoks. Hewillseeforhimself. Hedesires to studynre, I rufli tbe sucred duty which my experience im- Vienna are now the great theatres of medical t:m, shot Uim a.'so from the skylight. The commander,K-eee f.L me. and i pray to God that He may enlighten t»-acli!BL. So it mus. be with New York, it was re.u-ed,was mortally wounded, but the second fbe President to attend the ball at the Academy oi Music voj aod ender you deserving of Hut blessings. Your ss tbe iri the great commercial »i9tropoltsof the American master was out of danger.Ht ier:y '• aCectionate uncle, continent, so also must she, from circumstances and Capt. t.ordon, of the Madras Fngioeers, had been IS honor of the Prince of WaleB. They will also extenddisease ss it is at the bedside of the sick, acd to watch theeffectsofthetherapeuticagentsuponthepathologic* conditionsofthesystem. Welearnfromthehistoryorts, which were to be taken before the neace overtures weremade, l.or.l Flgmwa•inconstant communication w.thBaronRross,theFTerchPlenipotentiaryyi . r rv. w l be able to raise your brow in contldence up"«-•<-.. WLCm.h reward the magnanimous act of ycrI4kn;_v. Yourbean,temperedbyadversity,willbe-•o«e t feasible to the noble aspiration^ of patriotism, of the progress >•! medicine n Europe that thekx..J ) u wdl :jless the day when you generously sacrifice-! itrt-at schools ultimately become located in the tbo cemmuder, Hudson, in bis cabin, and afterwards ye-> rs.uf for the greatness o Italy. With these words, targe cities. Thus London, Pars, Berlin and telling the second master that the commander wantedcaring to submit themselves to the arithmetical tests,havewithdrawntheirrecommendatory papers. -Sofarabout twenty, or one tilth of the entire number of clerksrequired, have been appoited. It is a noticeable fact that, say that Mr. Forrest not only increased bis for- • jEK.:!'.cat.on lor ti.e duties oi office is paramount to all mer hold on his adherents, but gained many new other considerations, and to this tbe Interior Department recruits to bis standard. He bad a trcnt•• Jou call attopography, become the great centre oi medicai teach- drowned.\ A• if, Angust 24. LE0"3LD, Count of Syracuse. ing. It is necessary for us, however, to avail ourselves \n address was presented on the id of July by thethe invitation to Miss I-ine, the members of the Cabinet aad their lii'iie*. They will have an interview with th^ President to morrow..News from Mexico.Nsw <«'K4X8, Sept. 17,1860.The brig Hope has arrived here with Vera Cru/. dates Of the 2d Inst., and $70 000 in specie.The British steamer bad sailed for Havana with $4 000,-Las consistently adhered in making .-.elections for the work appertaining to the census.The President has not it in his power to gratify one in twedy among those who fancy themselves entitled to re- ctv E.ntion on account of services,qualifications and gene- ral merits. Tbe anti-prescriptIve character of the ad- ministration Is illustrated by the fact that note few of these applications come from persons by no mean9- ?ealocs or even friendly as party men, and some from oppositionfamilies.THS HE GROOT AWARD.The De Groot case continues to be a subject of discus-sion. Public opinion here seems to have settled dawn ui«n the position that contingent profits and consequen- tial damages ought not in these cases to be permitted. But it is a matter for dirierence of judgment, not imply- ing corrupt or unworthy motive either way.THE V.VOX HSSTrXG IX XEW '.ORK.Tbe greatest interest is felt here in regard to the greatUnion conservative meeting to be held In \ e w York tothe end oi the pla> and made a very short speech, say- ing in a loodest wa\ that be was glad to be so warmly received, and took <t as a proof that the atrior's 'ame was not the child biown bubble it had been represented. Tbe perfornauce ws- not concluded until near midr gbt.sed tbe power of the artist held the vast audiecce together as one .nSn. from the beginning to the er.i cf tbe play.Academy of Music—Lacrezla Borgia. "I.ucrezt* Borgia" w a s given at the Academy last nigbt, to a well filled house, with Mdme. Inez Fabbri as Lucrezia, being her first appearance in lrvxgr*nce,as well aa her initiative effort in Lncrezia, after a compa- ratively brief study of tbe part, sad a not too complete rehearsal In the first act Fabbri was evidently ner-vousandtimid, notseeming to realizehercapacityto master tbe dimcult roU. though she amg \,;:b great force nnd correctness; bnt in tbe second act ber fins dramatic powers were fully developed and ter actingoi tbe advantages which are here strewed around us, andto protect and curry out a plan of teaching commensurate THE HEWS BY THE JURA. with the demands of the times. Tbe New York Medical College has this day opened its hospital wards located in the same building with the lecture < ii BMXC Sept. 17, ISO*/. room, giving an impulse to the medical teach-Tbe (tramch'p Jera, from Liverpool at coon of the 6tli, iB-.- which will reverberate through the lengthv a L«tidccde.-ry evening of ibe 7ih, baa arrives at this and breadth of tbe land. We here intend to teach practical medicine and practical snrgery, snd to sendF-nglisb rri'-rchants at Shacghae to Jxird Kigin on the sub- ject of tiie Tien U n treaty and tbe present war and urg- ing the vigorous prosecution of the latter until some satis factory guarantee was given that trade acd commercewere to be no longer interfered with by the Chinese. FromSnaneiiie there comes no Intelligence of impor-There was no further information with regard to the movements oi tbe rebelg, though the Chinese at Sbanghae believedthatBongChowbadeitherfallenorwasingreat danger of falling. e**nTbe ~t<amsbip Edinburg, from New York, arrivd atf\»« cstr ,vn on the morclr^ of the 6th.Tb*- ti'imjhp 1'arana, from Boston, August 28, viat Jcis, N. F., arrived at caJway September 7.The tteansiiip Pei-is, from New York, arrive! atC-t'B-towt: HI ti.e ilh.*;REAT BRITAIN.forthgraduateseducatedinsuchamannerthat theywilldo justice to their patients and honor to themselves andthe inslttutioo|rrom whence they obtained the instruc-tion. The student will b e taught anatomy b y demonstra-t e s from the cadaver in tbe lecture room, bat be willalso be taught to use the scalpel so as to unravel with Hra'd of the 7th of July, had visited the000 in treasure. the 2d.The steamer Pocahontas arrived onThe weather continued cwmparatively fine thronghoutsV)g!&ad and Ireland, and the harvest prosp cts were in oHer to acquire the method of diagnosticating occultdisease. Be will learn to analyse tbe colors of the rain- aaere t rem - ug,« hi. h • xercised a buoyant feeling on tbe 'ow, but be will also be Uught bow to detect and passturds and cettcn. over to the bands of justice the vile poisoner, months or9m.lb, :mc!*.r -t Co., lines factors of London, had BUS- years afu-r his cruel crime has beea committed. The professor had the cad body of a man before him during poinded pi-iment. Their liabilities w f i estimated at his discourse, and explained the construction of thered, $1 30 a SI 40, white, $1 40 a SI 05. Corn dii I- night. If you send us news of a Fnion and energetic co was intense and in tbe denouement almost marsifiotDt,JCU* 000 It was feared tbat their suspension will lead M that of other smaller firms in the same trade.Tie sueec goes to Germany on the 24th September.NAPLES.human frame, more especially in connection with ampu- tations; and in conclusion be illustrate.: his lecture by amputating the arm of the body before turn Tbe man- ner in which the operation was performed elicited great applause from the assembly or students in the amphi- theatre.PHiLAonpwA. Sept 17 I^eo Flour dull- stioeriine$6a$«]'.". Wheat dec'ined 6cTHE COS 1 1TJOS OI THE VESSELS OK THE XAVY.The Board, recently appointed to e\an.ine into tbe con dition of the sailing vessels of the navy, and the cost ofA Naples telegraphic despatch ef tbe 6th announces theS»rT'\k- of Garibaldi and h » threes at Salerno, fie was Dr. 1 wemus presided during the delivery of the discourse. Several fine anatomical diagrams, and a skeleton expected at Naples immediately. Salerno is a seaport of was bung in prominent positions, and to these tbe leeAUHJIY, Sept. ] 7 - 6 l\ M.I lour—Holders firm, demand fair: sales l,:joo bbls.*ap;ea, cnp.tai of the province of Pnuclpato Citra, at the aoritern extremity of the gulf of its own name, thirty miles i< L..least of the city of Naples, from whwb it is separated only by CapeCampanelio, a strip of land thirty- t.t m.«- Lbreaith.Tte catpatch also says the King will leave here to-day wr feaetaEig*: aardjkiaa war vessels were in the Bay of Naples, V* lb two ref taenia of Beraaglieri on t mrd.Tr.e£r.t«h steamer Orwell, which was taken posses •ice i by tbe GarbaMiana, had been recaptured by tbelog as war steamer ScyliaK>CT thoi and men, under tieoeral Tern, had .lisem aarked at Capri.ic -rmetoo had broken oat at Said, where Victor intfcx «i st-- procJauned.,. van reported that the Austrian Minister at Naples bad -^afTapbed to Vlenaa tbat the King of Naples badturer occasionally had reference tor illustrating his re- mar! s.At noon Professor Reese delivered a discourse in t b e lewer lecture roum of the college, upon "Hygiene and Prophylactic Medicine." This lecture wsa not quite as well attended as tbe surgical one, but, doubtless, the causearose from the fact that the latter had scarcely ended before this one ommenced, allowing no .nierval for relief to the auditory. •» This morning, commencing at eleven o'clock, Professor Raphael Carnochan atd Jacobs, will deliver lectures in the various balls of the Institution, and these discourses will be regularly continued, untf£~>. the regular course of the college studies commence.The Rnilrond Convention. FREIGHT RATES FROM HOPTON WESTWARD REPLY TO THE PETITION OF THE WESTERN ROAD8, ETC.besbels on private terms; sales Saturday 40,000 bushelsprime Canada Fast at S7c, 3,400bushels do. at 90j and tary of the Navy, who will submit tbe facts to Congressprecision the delicate tissues and organs of the body. Be will be taught the mechanism and philosophy of parturition, but he will also be made to witness and aid in relieving the fearful com plications and emergen- cies which, at times, threaten destruction to mother and child. He will be taught the philosophy of medicine, but be will be made to tram the ear and the other senses,rebels, and had been very carelessly received by them. Their fortes are numerous, well armed, and well disctp- lined.The British consuls at Shanghae had Issued a modiOca tion, warning Her Maiesty's surjects from interfe- ring in any way with the present state of aiiairs in China by assisting either the government or any party in opposition to the government by enlisting or by furnishing or procuring warlike stores or any descrip- tion, or by fitting out vessels, or by knowingly doing any other a«t for either party by which neutrality may bo violated.A French missionary, when returning from a distancein tbe country, wus seized by some pirates, and sold tothe peoi-'e of a village Coubaz Be was hold to ransomfor $200, which was paid by his proselytes. In themeantime word was sent to Hong Koo;, accom-panied b y a request tor a gunboat, andword was also sent to Anioy when Her Majesty's steamerAcorn went down accompanied by the Cockchafer. Thebunboat preceeee<! up to the \ illa^e with the boats ofthe Acorn, and demanded the restitution of the ransommoney, the mi sion. ries private property, and that theringleaders should be- given c p . These demands seemnot to 1ave been complied with, as tbe latest intelligencestates tliKt tbo boats had comm need firing -hot end 3,700 bushels do. at 90c.; today the only sale is a for its further order.The railroad representatives commenced their nelibe-rations again yesterday at a A. M , at the St. Nicholas considerable decline in our last quotations for this grain.Bi FULO, Sept 17—1 P. M. Flour steaily. \\ heat dull and lower: sales 14,000 bush- e p N o 2 rbicego spring at $l:6,0iW> bushels Cningo RpriDg, uninspected, $1 n j ; 5,000 bushels red winter,Si 12.',. 7,ooo bushels choice white Michigan at *1 22 C«rnlclower,salest>uoobushelsat65c Oatslover sales Jo.OOo bushel* inferior to fair at 2Sc. a 1o«;. Whis- key nominal at 5-",c (anal freights—l«ic on wheat, and 1.0 on corn to New York. Lake imjiorts ti dav—ISOoObblH hour. 2l9 0*o bushels wheat, 12 mm bushels earn, 22.000 bushels una, 3 0O0 bushels barley. Cana' ex- D*rU—2 000 bbls flour, 16.' 000 tnanels wheat, A1,000 bushels c«rn, 1,000 bushels oats.Near-hotel. The same persons that were present on FridayVery few sales have been male at this port, nearly all rerythe cargoes whi-h have arrived bavmg beea landed and be ciuse the lakes for their water connection, nod the Penn-sylvania Central tobaT«l t o e bene a t of stream and soilfrom Boston to Philadelphia, and the Baltimore and Ohiofie stated be was going to tee Garibaldi, and Lord Pel- the same trom Boston to Baltimore as an otset for the Freightt-rgocd deminl K I S i t f tfSSaiTnntTte bark Commodore, for China, carries over T 000Tbe J«-hn I-Stephens bring-' accounts thftt gold is still being found at Acapulco on tbe surfsce of the ground.o r aJUIJITMXSw m iMEXMO.The principal canntks in the State have nominatedi s.Soo for export. The market is slightly higher, quita- candidates for the legislature. All the Douglas could not understand tbe advertisement—"No passengersSept. 7,1860. Weather fine, attendance very thin, and business pas- n > in any description of frrainfvery trifling;prices oonse- i have to protest against the interpretation given to m y <iuently nominal. Flour trade very dull; Norfolk downletter —letter m yaaterdey'e Monit*ur, I never had the pre-. jtt«ror or tbe allianee of hymn, bet I think, and 1 • *bed u>say, that if. free from all foreign influence, nni- veraa) B .-"rage should express itself in my favor, the * an r' the populations would doubtless not be lest re-spected by Naples than it has been by other parts of Jiajy 1reman, so , L Ml'CAT.SilTIKM* 1, ISflO.Letter ef the Count of Syracuse to the King of Naples.Tbe (Wat ol Syracuse nan addressed the following let- ter to ine K.ng of Naples:—t-'-it*—Though my voice was ence raised to avert tbe..*.i.ger* tbat threaten oor bouse and was not listened to,BTW that -t foretell greater disasters, deign to open your-O IHK KPITOB OF TBM MOSTTtf*. rumpiioB to engage beforehand either the policy of theto 41aLIVERPOOL BRKAD3TIFFR MARKET.Morton Brothers' and Haddock's report says wheat Is in slow demand, at a desline of 4d. per cental. Flour not looked after, and must be quoted fully Is. per barrel and rack lower. Oats ia retail demand at about prices of the 4tb. Much inquiry for Indian corn at 6d. par quarterless money.Opening oftne Medical Liectnre Season. Thepreliminaaycourseoflectureswascommencedat eleven o'ciosk yesterday morning at tbe New York Medi-cal College and Charity Hospital, Thirteenth street, by easier for buyers. Provisions are uuiet, and without particular change. Butter is slow at 36c. for Isthmus.Tbe stockwhich Sob.COO bales are American.1,022,000IU portisJjtin A. Drisbelbis, the newly appointed Indian Agent,1 am sorry y o i did sot ascertain the facta connected Tbe advices from Manchester are tavorfbie The mar- has been engaged in a street fight with R- T. Sprague, of itself. About a dozen carriages were assembled, and the firsnger, the counterfeiter, who was lentenced to serve» 1 » my visit to the United States before calling atten-i*m to t Is your leading article of Saturday last. But,asto much tas been «a»d about it, I think it right to statetat.. ) do not visit that country in any official capacitywhatever, and that the government will not be re-aper.* b'e fur anything 1 may say or do. If I wisbel•*Ve, which 1 do nit, I should cerulnly not aspire to that Wheat dull, and 4d. lower since Tuesday. Coru quiet,ket was buoyant, and prises of all descriptions of goods and yarns were slightly higher.Shasta, because tbe latter accused the former oi seceding Prince, with his usual politeness, raised his hat in re- from the Charleston Convention to earn tbe office.LIVERPOOL BRRADSTTFF8 MARKET.Mesera Richardson, Spence * Co. report flour dull, acid all qualities slightly lower; extra Ohio, 29s a 2Ss. 61.eight years in Auburn Penitentiary, bad alrea ly served A rich quart lead had been struc in Tuolumme county, sponse to the salutations of the occupants. There were seven years of bis term,and Judge Hall, before whom heProfessor Carnochan delivering a practically illustrated discourse upon amputations; but previous to commencingLard is inactive and scarcely so firm. Bacon—moderatesales for consumption at last quotations. Pork doll andbeavy. Hams are without change. Rice—foreign isplow and declining; Carolina is slow and lower. Raw 8 u- sequently General bruce and Lord Lyons called upon himit-art to l i e councils I offer, and not to reject them toadopt evM ones. The changes which have taken place in his lecture he made the following address upon the open-u ; , acu the feeling in favor of unity which has as- ing of the present session of the institution —I am de- gars—No. 1 China is firmer, though large supplies are ad-on the part of the Prince, and had a long intjrview wish him.Territory.announced as Assistant Adjutant General of tbe ( t a b Department.»..med t.ttaotie proportions wtthm the last few m.onvnsmat have e.apsed since the fall of Palermo, have leprivedti,e ec vers meet o( your Majesty of tnal force whichB'.bemaiit>:*> of States,andrendered aua!ii-ac:e w i n Pienimoni itupossible. Too populations of th.s city upon the many advantages which they will pos- v<rtbern iiaiy, eoi/ed with horror at the mteKi-vised: ye«ter<iay sales of New Orleans in li<>gsliead6, ex-Storm King, were wade at 10c. a 10',c., the market clos-ing heavy; crushed is quiet at 13c. In spirits, foreignbrand't-s are drcop.ir, and other kiudB areinactive and uncbangei. American whiskeyand pure spirits seli at 40o. Wheat comes In largelyquotations are $1 45 for ,oo<\ and t\ 50 tor extra choice possible if present engagements were kept, so tbat tbewhich the Ghost appears. This is much better than the old fashionedfminiature business: but it seems a little odd(*LC« (f tbe cruelties committed in Sicily, rei>elled sess in selecting this great and enlightened capital for theputed by my colleagues to open the eleventh course of Medical Instruction In the New York Medical College. I congratulatethestudentsofmedicinewhoassembleinThe Colonel, by special invitation, lunched with the Princethisafternoon,andthewhe»!ematterwasagain discussed; but by no cyphering caull the trip be madeMaorUoydBeall,P.iymsler.hasbeendirectedtore tbatForrest should take lessons tromMacready. Hrwever, t"rnpcra mu'antur, kc. In this scene pair to Jen'er-'on l!arra?ks, M; our., and pay the troops Mr. Forrest came very near obliterating tbeat t h a t j>OEt.Companies F Rnd 1 Fourth regiment of iofantry have fa.orable impressian he made In tbe first two act*. When be irst sees the Ghost, Hamlet would natu-been directed to proceed to San Frax isco, for duty in tbe rally be stunned for a moment; but Mr. Forrest instanta-.i. .D»-r b<>arts tbe ambtuwadors from Napiea, and purpose Of prosecuting their studies. We have here in shipping lots; buyers (,/r e.\ort are much embarrassed l"rince was obliged reluctantly to give up tb - Idea of*.e t«^e therefore been abandoned to the chances of war, in the city proper, and In the environs, a population of by t;;<: scar ity of tonnage. Tbe Nonpareil and Oracle area,cw. e, it tho..t a.l:ance, and exposed to the resentment of P load with wheat for Liverpool. .Money id easy aod hooting buffalo, acd content himself with smaller game.demandA bettershown the past few days, but not sufficient as yet tobring tbe city dealers into the market for renewed sup-plies, except upon a limited scale. Transactionsare small and no round sales can be quoted.Candles are held firmly, an l ore recovering again. An thraclteCoalleworth$lsperton. RioCodechasde «(!beforehim. clined tol3.VaI5c, with light sales. Pine qualities arefor goods from the country h a s beenmilesacross,andfifteenmilesfromtheentrancetotheness, as by noagl.rnpse of the spiritual intruder. We need say but little as to the remaiud rof the performkcc?. Thoauthor leaves Hamlet altogether at sea after the death of Ophela, acd the belt that B D / actor can do with it is to getthe th oi July, and it wafi understood that the troopsMiuJ r" embark <>n i*ie 10th an<! proceed to the Tanurfailed 10 pass the rxamiiung Bv'ard, and others, nut through without being absurd. Mr. Forrest geeme! toA mance en board her Majasty' s»b:p Terrier had sbctW.AMH.WTOlf.loyal Phe'ps. Isaac Pel! and Collector Schel! arr.ve.lknow this, and puyeu his scenes with I-aertee rotwith- standingtbeobviousincompetencyoftheactorwhoap- peared in,the last named part. Finally, we may safelyA party of five, consisting principally of Eng- lish missionaries, according to the ShanghaeFourteen thousand liberals were marching on the carn- al.Mirtmon was in tb«? city with 7,000 men.Markets.Nrw ORIJMSS, September 17, ISOO.Cotton quint; sales to-day 4,000 bales, at 10 >ic. alO^.'c. for middling. Flour market closed wah an advancing tendency, and advanced 6c. quoted at SO 25 a $6 35 Obrn 73c. a 80c. Freights—Cotton to Havre 1 h/c.BairmoRE, Sept. 17,1860. Flour dull aud heavy; no sales. Wheat declined 5 c -shell vn the lsth -*f July at ha Tpast tv.elve P. M. Hates from Foo Chow are to the 16th of J' !y.small parcel very interior at 75c, not more than one or two cargoes afloat here. Wheal—Sales 700 bushels white Michigan, at $1 62; 1,200 bushels red ?tate,IPS 81 I'RSJrt COCKT OHMITER.The eld Senate ehm "ber w i l be ready for occupancy bythe 1nited States-ipreme Court, at the commencement ol tbe Prcember term of that tribunal. The architectural alterat ons are now in progress.THE POSITION OK O01OXEL 'fOKEAiB.The friends of Col. Florence assert with confidence that he will, under no considerations, be a candidate for CoDgrets in the first district »f Pennsylvauia,as de- sired by many democrats. The condition of hie health and h.s business engagements prompthim to thiscourse.THE WAR ;x CHJXA.A letter Trom a distinguished source, just received, saysthat the Chinese will not yield 10 the French and English forces without a desperate struggle. They are represent ed as being but poorly supplied with means to resist theTherebad been a money pace among the native bankers, when at $1 28, acd 3,',0 bushels do,, at *» 30. Core—Demandtwenty four shut their shojs, but confidence was being aga n estabhahed.A bony it 3 0O0 trrops had been leviel to proceed to Hcng Chow against tiie rebels.Hoso R o w , July 24, I860- •>ar market for imports continues dull, and shows no signs uf in.met'.:ite improvement. In exports there is more act;v.ty than we were last able to report. Tea, oolong—Supplies have been brought forward very slowly, ana it is now ascertained that the first crop is both short anl very inferior to the average of previous reasons, and it if feared tbat the second crop will show no improvement ia either .|uality or '|uautity. Rice.— Tbe weather, which at the date of our last circular, pro- mised badly for the new crop, has sioce cleared and been remarkably fine, and w e have to re|>ort * veryllfht; buyers and holders apart in views no transactions flfc. a oS>,e. are onered and «oc. asked; holders are Storing. Oats in gotd request: sales 4,300 bushels StateStored. We uoto Calcutta at *2 30 a S3 50; Siam com-mon, cargo, 11 90. and good clean, S2 16 Java, $•> 60 aS2 Mi Orocan, $1 TO a f l :>: Nlsbpo, S3 85 a S2 56; Srset clo«*(i »«rv quiet. Sales 14.000 bushels No 2sxd the United Stat- s Circuit Conrt a week from v>- An ssssuit had Uu*n plnca, at Siemens anj a more Ia regard to lb* petition of the We-tern rosd«, apply quote bank bil s •)*;, first class; credit*, 4 1*; gold leaf bushels barley, 2,200 bushel* oats. Canal exports—6 000 morrow. At the !;ttier court, Jack*low. iheChinamao,•-ed t: Baa.dec, and *n s vfflsge near Jean d'Atre. •*-'<•-# cw* was trrT. tended at Ffc!!j;pebonali.ing for privilege to ooatrol the rates for the Eastern a.S0 per tael; sovereigns. 4.4S.'baja^pour, 108JM bushels wheat, 9,800 bnsaelTcort? will be ti.frl L.,200 bushels barley. 't g A: ro ccct-t .ed to pre.si) is Bosnia acd the Heri*- gcv.ua, but :.* iuitas had vrdttred tc<? i>rant Vuds* to r*> H,m jcmr*. a:*y w-tfcea r : • eg the** c-tvu.^a.E d i t o r .Kcvi TT3R,Vt,Sept..17,lgfio.CI.VCTSNAT:, September 17 1800 F.our market »nsett!ed: sccurste quotations «nnni- be rnea. Wb**t dull and declined Be. Whiskey dull a t \ TMbound lretght, the CotvrnC.'on adopted tbefoJJowiagraw . ratios•—D e a t ho f a nUntitled DocumentArrival ot tnr Storcsntp KelcMse. sVw..v, .«*•*, 17, IStlo.THEPRINCEOFWALM/V _>_.•*.•>»•l i e Pi-tose at Maearn Be fiats Dador tbe Fatfe Bis Yfcft ia Caat bland ami tbe Whirlpool He Cresses tbe Suspension BrMge and Sets Feet qn imertcan SenIMPORTAIT FE0M H05DHEAS.HIE THEimES.Falls on Saturday evening, in spite of the remonstrance inst. She reports that the British war steamer Icarus, of bA suite, who afterwards accompanied him. Be wrote witb a transport snd troops, under command of Alvarez,and came ever only in detached fragments. The Prince.•smith, the Postmaster, sent the reporters a message this morning, in which he said that he should not like any- tfc nt: better than a row, and that the often.!ing gentlemen1here this evening. They have lieon appointtil to invitewhite. tT8e. a 72c.; yellow, 69c. a 72c. Provisions duli Mid unchanged. Coffte firm at 14c. a 15c. Whiskey steady at 23c.operation against Lincoln by the popular masses, you will have a glorious echo from every part of the nation.fully justifying tho very enthusiastic call which brought ber before the curtain, by which prime dennt ire sup. posed to messure thelrfjuccers. Therule of i.oorexa offers an admirable opportunity for the icplayof Fib. bri's dramatic vorce, which she possesses in a blrbde- ^-ree, and with a little familiarity in the part she win undoubtedly consummate tbe success the fircMnsiuof which she gathere., a a l nigbt.IJri^noli was ia fine voice, full of spirit and sangd* lieloualy. The role of Alphonso, which was anrousce* fnrSusini, was filled by Ferri JI excel:*nt sty2e. as bis wont, the former being indisposed—and ho s entitledto creilit for coming forward at the last moment, acd un. announced, to supply the deticiency. Mdn.e tratoecb was thenrsmi, in which she was very good, g . leg ther rtrin.ii-i witb considerable v i m , and winning a f*'share of applause. Verdi's " Sicilian Vespers'' *'-'' be gi^en to-morrow nixbt. witb Mdme. Co'ser. .-lige.'h.Fer- ri and Su ini—a strong cast, which crnof fail wattraotthe opera jisers.Terrlne Gale In the Gulf of .Meileo. NEW ORLEANS,Sept. 17,1&60.There was a Turious gale on Saturday .n the Golf ofMexico, involving a great destruction of property.ly evtry house in Belize was carried awsy,ix': several lives were lost, inducing Captain Kinney, pilot of tbeSkies 1.000 bushels red at SI 10 a f l 36; wh,ite f I 47 a flc:: Corn steady at 75c. Provisions qmet. Mess pork $1<* 75. I.ard firm at i t',c. Coffee firm Rio 14c. a 14 ,cgiving them fuli steam power, together \\ Ith the expe- diency of making such changes, is view of the cost, con- dition, model and genera! character of such vessels, areWhiskey dull Ohio 26c.lat J9C and 21,000 bushels do. at 38^c. sales 250 bblg , at 28,','c.Whiskey lowerPiculsugar,No1,white,to«0;forlowgrades,$6a$6;Picul brown, S3 ;» a tr, «n pirul coals, Sydney, %1'i Oho al SI 181,; 5,000 do choice white Michigan which await them, together with the progress of at tbe 1'ist.es.u tieu from San Francisco rai^untdT saXJ ^ £ P £tbe quotation current te*aay, 4 ^ '"nan^IV*ls K' Beef aad pork $24 a tafi r*r%»>» **?""! •* •* *••big Hour, 207 0C0 bushes wheat 14 000 bushels earn. PS 000 bushels oats. Canal exports—3 000 bbls rlonr. 152.- bnahels wheat. :>;. COO bushels corn.having been fully met. tie rates l.ave^*SjJ^ Padmrxstoc)sccstdersdthat"aribaldlwouldcompromisetneratestobechargedoverta*a»mutestobe16centsbeentakenat£4a£4nTvJ^SS&ZZ Flourunchanged:salesat$650forextraState.Wheatown,andbothwereonthemostfriendlyterm*.-itrc^gt; ftra, he was received by Jules Favre sad ether*.« « J J tad author zed him to tell him that he (Lord lakes m the Erie and N « , Ifork Central conaeeiions. m » h improvemeet. For London elimW« J^Wna-t tissueless by na immediate attack upon Roan* or « the first class, UoeaU;eo tne seooad, 7 cants on the slow nt fW ber ton. For San F r a J S ^OFWSGO, S«pt. 17, I860.tionaries in that part of the world are acting in pursu- ance of any special instructions, while it is stated that the Russian Ambassador bad bad an interview witb ourthat all the wh»rves and hath houses on the nke shore, between New Orleans nnd Mobile, bare been swept away. The town of Biloxi, Miss., is in rotns.S e p t .17 ISoOBhrley arriving freely during last week sales 60,000 reipilred ta report tbe result of their labors to tbe Secresrrivedwere dull FreightsTbe Guatemala expedition arrivedfrom Omoashortlyfor appointments to the Naval Academy at Annapolis, but snd tnerefore, in a measure, Its claim shall be aiowed. pension Bridge, where about two hundred ladies and gen- tbe power to make such appointments was taken away In the first place, then, Mr. Forrest looks rdmirablyfrom the President by the act of the 31st of August TK52,and was conferred upon members of the I louse oi Repre- made no reply. Tbe party then drove across tbe bridge, sentatives. The statement, therefore, that an applicationwell. In ten or fifteen years he has sot grown perceptibly older la appearance. Ha man- ner a graver, more sedate, more graciou*. The man has been, to use n painter's phrase toned down " At the same time, bis voice has not lost it- old time ring, and can still sound tbe trumpet call. Mr. Forrest seems to have given e-pecial -tcdy to fine modulation and natural intonation, T c - w i ' appa rent, of cour-e, in the delicacy of the soliloquies, all ef which were rendered superbly. Where all *a? so goo4, it seems difficult to select the b e t bat we were-especallytaken with the delivery of tbe following lice- — Who would fardels bear,To groan and sweat undhr a weary life;Kut tbat tbe dread of something after death— The unei covered country, from wbr-e bourn No traveller returns—puzzies the will,And makes us rather bear those ills w e have Than fly to others that w e know not of.No one who heard Mr. Forest speak those lifles can ever forget the exquisite pathos whic be threw into them—all the moae welcome because he bad before maintained a tinge of cynicism in his tones—at times it was almost savage. Thescenewiththeghostwasfineryacted,with one exception. Mr. Forrest keeps en garde with eisby the Bridge Company, to which tbe Princeclining the invitation, on acxmnt of want of time. Sub-THS KARnON OK i-t-A VfllR TUB CDIXTtTtrSmR.TUB OKftl mmfHi* Klbio's Garden—Kentree ol Mr. Forr**tOnr Relations *rUh Mexico—The Wild bouse wss as still as a Weaker meeting, and continued so during tbe whole performance. ItKnsn forArmy and Savy Intelligence, &e.,<Ssc.Office—TheW a rIn China—was aextremes of society met, but did not embrace each other. All united, however, in n spontaneous ovation to Mr. Forrest, whose appearance was the signal for a whirl- wind of applause, which continued during two or threeWABHUOTTOX, Sept, 16, 1860.by tbe 1nited States troops to bring them to subjection.Several scoutin. parties bad been sent out to swordpointedattbegbostduringthewholescene, itieprotecttheemigrantsand/mailscrossingtbeseveral proper enough, but it seems a little strained. Col. Magmder sent bis invitation to tbe Buffalo hunt d' routes. The play scene was also exceedingly goo>Lrectly to the Prince and the Duke of Newcastle, from ARM'S '-UTTERS. In the scene with the Queen, called the whom he received a reply this morning, courte inEiy de- Prcvet Col. C. F. Smith, Tenth infantry, his been as Closet Scene, Mr. Forrest adopts an innovationsigcel to the command or the post at Camp Floyd, Utah which, we believe, originated with Mr. Matrendy, i. c ,the representation of tbe " buried majesty of Denmark" First Lieut. B. H. Robertson, SecoDd dragoons, has been and the usurper in full length portra-ts, through one olcenium box A most unnaturalj.ece of busi-means couldhe there catchThe steamer t.alveoton. ships Galena ana Sh s e d . brig* I W t aRt-oivaa, Tbat w* rseagefV sad cordally approve of a ^ST?f^** ?-- ** » . eJ'ror of tbe rernwnt Attrfae «-idtb* at •xattittt cf the two J«•• at* railrvod cornert rg ih« •^Jwgalavee CiUsen, -l.«? yectorday, aged f<flT-focrFulton New York 13069. _ _< JC txr JDNational observatory. Its right ascension is twenty- The 1cited States atoreship Release, conunaader O. w thaftnsl hrv t*a an t f/aiM - ' --*-- A _ a a*- * . _ > - _ - . _ _s M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetpus SIS 76. Money market unehacced. Mm.*'--• Vnak »_«ie&KJ. a *'Thomawww.fultonhistory.comff fbt ca 