 mired sod observed by all. There has been a NEW YORK HERALD. general holiday in Halifeaforthe last two days.that the "one idea" of this party is the extirpa-tion of slavery; and, to say nothing o f theTme Politicians at Fawit and Saarliaff avfia question whether the eaHiinwl i t Halifax on that day was greater than along the bay of NewYork,anditmaybeveryflatteringtotheVoimsme *XViHBORiran•rurora.theorganizationbeanindependentonewascar-coln'selection,unquestionablythenextthingeachstoodthree,sixandtwelveyearsago—whotheirexcellentorganizationissustained.Such Thepolicyoftheortmmlotiaitnsseamstohotoreoaai Jlo. tol» ried unanimously. Company Eof the Ninth regi- wfll b e a general movement in the Southern they opposed, what, faction they supported, a band of heroic and self denying men it would tate all Douglas beads North which will not nod at awsr ment will also drill a la Zonave. A full report of States towards secession and a Southern con- what they got for it, and what they did not get; ibe hard to find anywhere. The alacrity they of fusion, and ostracise all members of the party South themeetingwillbefoundelsewhereinourcolumns. federacy. Atallevents,itisabundantlymani- whowascheated,andhowitwasdone;and,in invariablyevincewheneverthecryoldanger whoarenotinfavorofBreckinridge. Douglasmetssv~the extinction of fires. When this grand im-• « wY o r k , W e d n e s d a y ,A u g u s t l , IK«O.unceasing action o f the steam fire king. A s steam has already demonstrated its utility and power in every branch of art and human labor,disgust of the Blairs, the Greeley* and the For- The King of Naples had taken measures to secure neys; for we dare say that much more than toTbe receipts of wheat the past fear days have bets light, letsteambealtogetherbroughtintouse.And andvesselsareretardedfromfillingup.On the 24th tilt, the Liverpool cotton market proclaimed by "Old Abe" in 1858 as his plat- This is one of the most frequented ferries run-closed dull. Flour and wheat had an advancing form, Mr. Wentworth, in a review of a late edi- ning from the city; and. we believe, with thetendency.Consols,onthe24thult.,attheclose, werequotedat93ja93j.The Police Commissioners yesterday appointed Jolin R. Flinn, late telegraph operator a t the City Hall,apatrolman. The various ward detectives have been called in and ordered to report for pa- trol duty.vote fairly and squarely on it, and save the con- for constructing others of the same class ; and reported well stocked and clear of .Indians, so that tbe f> ture trips of tbe express will beregularlymade.stitutionandtheUnionfromtheinsidiousde-ifourcityfathersreallydesiretoprotectthe Thenewsreceivedbytheponyexpress,whichleftSt.torial of this journal on the subject of disunion, exception of one boat, none of them employedproceedstoshowthatthe"gameofscaringand thereareconsideredsafeorfitfortheirbusi-bullying the North" is "but the old game which ness. On the occasion o f the sailing o f thehasbeenusedtimeandtimeagainto scarethe Great Eastern, on Monday, the boats wereNorthintosubmissiontoSoutherndemands crowdeddowntothewater'sedge,andItwasand Southern tyranny;" that "we might as well the same on the Fourth of July. If the slight- Newfoundland, and is now in Halifax, Nova CHURCH THROWN OVERBOARD.—We understand Lane.Race from four A. M. to nine A. M. of Friday last.It will be remembered that the newsboat was lostIn the fog on Thursday night, after boarding theslavery in the process of extinction by hemming ful to think of, among such a dense mass of it in where it is,and not suffering it to peoplecrushedintososmallaspace.expand, it will extinguish us and our liberties;"' There i s hardly a Sunday that hundreds ofbe had. I t appears that there are several to beimproving,ashegoes,ingoodlooksandKKW YOBK Waj&D, • — q » — — •i1•ji" !•«***One of the most curiousI l I l i a O B D O f • • • . • • « T » semi-anniisl report of the Fire Marshal was pre- thing in this item of two thousand millions of phases o f tbe present political contest, and vanity of John Bull*) know that in both placesThe Board of Aldermen met test evening. T h e hazards of a servile revolt, is there not some-tWTUl AMD PttOPMRTOR. sented and ordered on file. The greater part of dollars involved in slave property calculated which demonstrates its thoroughly revolution- it was a British eelebrity that evoked i t It isthe seaaioa was occupied by the Aldermen in a diseossion of the proposed appropriation of $105,000 _.-.,<. 11 .i..nw jranty iMi ey snsfi «<n **«* '*• to defray the expenses attendant on entertainingto rouse the resistance o f Southern men to the point o f war, against a deliberate moral and political crusade, whose object is the destruc-ary character, is the letter writing warfare that is being carried on among the professional poli- ticians.a curious coincidence, however, that the two finest harbors in America should have boon the scene of a grand sensation on the same day.OftlCSK.W.OOBMB0»«****»**»«"•«* ••»i . IBiwpmn1WBDNBTOAY, ATJBPOT 1 W i'•* ' ' I, i i ^ i l j ^ . . . . . . | ^ i ) ^ n » | . i . i i. , ! y l i . i . . . | ~* *""*'•o^'-ufmammmiLmxiL^"-"•"^-•"•-^ ~»~yw~»~^ivrite»thlJapaneseEmbassy.AmotionbyAlderman Owing,inagreatmeasure,tothepopularsup- certedactionhatbeentakenbyseveraloftheJS*£ZL*'%£**-£** ^ " " ^ ^ tion of this property? Cornell, that the $105,000 be in lieu of the $30,000JE*wriiir ur.RAlD.«*nSaturday,aftta<**t»j*r originallyvoted,wasfinallycarried.Areport Theremaybereasontoapprehend,asindi-STEAM Yaasus HAND FERE ENGINES.—The fireseceding and that an agent is to be seat toZmSZSrM* oJamti*>nt.both »*mdwkpo*ye; t*f •^TMWor$1SOperannum.wax made by the Committee on Ferries in relation cated by Mr. Wentworth, that, with the election to [the proposed ferry from the foot of Chambers of Lincoln, the fear being removed from the street.AfallreportoftheproceedingsofthemindsofSouthernslavesinregardtothe Board will be found in another column. general government, they may rise in a bloodyin an election by default of the candidates of theradicalrepublicanminority,nopoliticalex- citement can be got up among the people. T h e politiciansare,therefore,endeavoringtobringinNassauetreetonMondayeveninglasthas thecahinetiofSt.Ctoudand8t.Jamesatt- fcderacy in case of t dissolution.*r4fF>i»Jr/AI HKKA.LD an We****!*, a* •/»» JrlmHHttd/rom amyquart*oftheworU;if «-«fi»i«»i • •"-»—— — ••-•• -yaffil rrf*fi*d ivatmmmtratitm*.ctmUptr ~j£*f**mora manual labor, when applied to taej extin-guishing of groat conflagrations. I t has alsoproved that thefiremenof the city of New YorkIt a further stated that taere is greatthe part of some o f the delegates to the Dougtat Convention which atsets s t Stamatoa, Va thattheywillbesol1outtosaveckawtapor iAlargemeetingtookplacelasteveningattheinsurrectionagainsttheirmasters. Shouldthispose of organizing a Zouave corps. A letter from letters attacking each other, explaining where thaiaretheforemostintheworld,whetherwejudge KuLiBniimnMutuLSTTSSAanPA«StateGuardarmory,481Broadway,forthepur-terriblecalamityoccur,oranytilingintheformtheirprivatemeritsforward,andarewritingthembytheirpersonalbravery,theirself-nega-movement.IItoquiteprobableWistisattheofGeneral Townaend waa read. A resolution that of a servile conspiracy, upon the heel of Lin- tion, or the admirable esprit cm corps by whichThe cotton market was steady yesterday, while tbe fact, turning the whole system of political party tbe only'objection to this procedure, is that it reseat a OABDKK. Broadway-Afternoon and Even antes were confined to about 400 a M0 bales, on tbe basis fest that this Presidential contest is between is heard; the promptitude and discipline they giving all the turkeys to Breckinridge, and a il the has.ol|quotationsgivenInanothercolumn.FlouropenedLincolnandBreckinridge;thatthechancesaremanagementforthelastdozenortwentyyearsobserveinconformingtothestringentrulesofxardstoDouglass.Altogether,ittopamfuilrapparent ffbmOARDBH.Broadway,opposeBondstreet-d«llasdheavy,batbecamemoreactive,withaflrmeallinfavorofLincoln,andthathissuccesswillinsideout,sothatitscorruptionstandsinfulltheirassociation,andtheinflexiblecouragethattoeleadersareintriguingforthespoils,withoutthe. k 4 i n n ASP Jeana?©*-OoorsM. , too* in prices at tbe close, in consequence o f the favor be regarded in the South as a declaration of no WALLACE'S THEATRE, Bro»dw»r-ToODU»-ZooATES. able character o f the foreign news. Wheat also closedracteristics when life and property, public o r LA4KA KBJrrs THEATRE, CM fc«|w»r.-On. extent, including some parcels takenforexport. Corn Theonlyquestion remainingis theettonuiasion dayin theminor .journals of this metropolis. private,are in jeopardy, are confessed factswith more show o f firmness, while sales were to a fair quarter to slavery. All this i s plainly visible.•iwtmr** saw firmer and more active, with free sales a t full orresistanceof the South to -the victorious anti- The T,•ibanf4&m m a three column letter of which give a tone and a character to the pro- •MrBOWERT,Bowery-AsmA*orLtairs-Dsro'sprices.Porkwaswithoutchangeofimportance:salesalaverypoweroftheNorth.Thegreatestdan-WashingtonHunt,andafourcolumnreplyoffessionofafireman. PresidentoftheCattedStateshasproducedeffectsof new mess were made at $18 00 a S19 12*-;, Horace Greamy; the A7e<os has a three column' BAKKtnra AMBRICAM MUBKUM, Broadway-Day and and o f old mess a t S U S5> sad new prime at $14. ger i s that we have had this cry of "wolf."•SStof-irworuji Souse, DAJKWS, Bo*ts*wrns, Uvtaa Sugars were in light demand, while the sales embraced "wolf," so often we may refuse to creUt it, letter from ex-State Engineer Seymour, who isabout 460 a 600 bbds., aSJrates giveo in another column. even with the wolf at the door. after Greeley too; and the Times, for want of a others which might be added, i t has been too ing notoriety, and selects the venerable Chief MagistralsKATtOKAL T i U i m , Chatham tteeek—Swiss Cor- fae^Btock^comprgei 87,33r bbds. ,*agaihat soviet aj "tEe better correspondent, publishes ex-Navy Agent clearly shown that a revolution is about to oc- as the target which will bring b is name moot proai- —IAMDPA—SOaOOi.WAMUl»X>An-L*at-•sawtimVtaet/year;110,630•bigs,'agaulal_6o,485lus!THEOCEANTEIUEOBAPHSOFTOEWORLO.—ItSanders'scoldingtiradeatthePresidentforhav-curintheadministrationoftheFireDepartsnenUybeforethepoliticalcommunity.TbeIHOBSSofyear; 24,718 boxes, against 24,603 last year, aud 8,260 will be interesting to all the friends of science ing at last done him justice. The only grain of |ment Steam fire engines must inevitably be the President look upon it ss simply s piece of euMfeat street-Vocal Aire Is- bluls. uaelado, against 2 398 last yetr. Coffee was firm brought into universal use. The ordinary hand audacity which will recoil upon its author. Bis eaeausi .Hidsaleslight.ThestockofRiowas[reducedto4.600inthiscountrytoknowthattheAmericanwheatinallthischaffisthefollowingadmis- ofallpartieschuckleoveritsflippantnsmgimiaefCAMTERBTJRT CONCERT. SALOON. MS Broadway.- bags, to 12,284 mats Java, 1.360 bags government do , Scientific Association begins its annual conven- sion of Greelej and his black republican coad- engines, though worked by the most courageous, aauciness. Among people who know the parties w raiKith a total of packages of all kinds of 34,996. The stockM Rio in Baltimore was reduced to 200,000, and that ofNew Orleans to 4,000 bags. Freights were steady, andtion to-day, when many interesting facts in re- gard to the progress of science in America will be brought up for the discussion of its mem-jutors:—.Believing slavery to be aflagrantviolation o f the ina-lienable ngbl* of man, a burning reproach to oar coun- try, an enemy to her prosperity and progress in art,athletic and devoted men, can never hold have no effect prejudicial t o tbe President. It is lookedconstitution,andvariousreformshadbeenorderedtoWentworthforhisnomination. DANOKKSOFTftESTATESISLANDFEB«T.—Forallthisthecountrydoesnotcareafiga.ndpowerfulregulardistrictsteamengines,Franciscoonthe18th.ItalsobroughttbelettersbvtheInhiskingdom.ThereisnothingofimportanceHavingthusestablishedtbesemi-officialchaIstherenolaw,ordinanceorregulationto previousexpresifromSt.Joseph.Tbedelaywasocca- fron Sicily. There is a great constitutional issue at stake, in besides two large exempt engines, which are sioned by waiting somewhere west of Salt Lake lor an es-A conference was to take place in a few days racter of the aforesaid leading editorials of our prevent the Station Island ferry boats from which the safety and happiness o f all are in- only brought Into requisition on the occasion cort, and then having to journey two hundred miles i sChicago cotemporary, l e t u s see what they taking a load o f passengers which readersRegentofPrussia. sre.Takingthe"irrepressibleconflict"asfrightfullossoflifeatanymomentimminent?findthisout,andcomeupfromeverysidetonow,welearn,beingtakenbytheCorporationTheroutebetweenCarsonValleyandSaltLakeisnowbetween the Emperor of Austria and the Princevolved; and before November the people will of very large conflagrations. Measures are company with soldiers, making only forty miles per dayjourney towards the UnitedStates. He has left WeareinformedthatthesteamshipCityofmakeupourmindstofightthebattlenowasestpanichadoccurred—evenfromthemostScotia;inashorttimehewillhavevisitedQue-thatthegeneralgovernmenthasdecidednottoSaluteshavebeenfiredforDouglas,andthenforBreck-Washington, which arrived yesterday, was off Cape at any other time;" that " if we do not place trivial cause—the results must have been fear-bec and Montreal, and will arrive at Niagara take .the old Dutch church in Nassau streetFalls, when he will enter the territory of the as a site for the new Post Office, and for the UnitedStates. Heseems,fromall thereports, reasonthatno clear titleto the propertycaninridge and Lane, by the partitans of each, inevery principal town in the State. 9The probabilities favor the nomination of two electoral ticketsbythetwowingsoftbeparty.A Douglas ratification meeting is called for this evening atSanFrancitco,andexGovernorWaller,ArchibaldC Peacbey, General McDowell, and other staunch supportersPriaceofWalessquadron,anddidnotreachtheCape till after nine A. M. of Friday. The canister and that against this work of "hemming them human lives are not placed in jeopardy on graceful manners, and to be growing; rapidly bodies lying in the vaults there, and the heirscontaining the news for the Press was thrown in," the Southern States will n o t dare th e these boats. One can readily fancy what theinto the good graces of the people of heir Majes- to the different tombs cannot now be found; of the administration, are announced as the speakers. ty's colonies. We have no doubt that when he and, therefore, without their signatures n o Tbe San Francisco Herald, the only democratic organ arrives here he will win quite as much popular title would be secure, unless by some special that came out in support of Douglas after tbe announce- favor as in the British provinces. It Is true that act of the Legislature. Many of the heirs t o ment of bis nomination, has become silent for the pre-ov»rboard some eight miles sooth of the Cape, in a deaae fog, upon the clearing np of which Captain Jeffrey stood in for the Cape, passing very near it, an| several guns were fired. The absence of the boat prevented the ship being boarded, and a pack- age of news was made up and sent ashore, with the latest papers, by afishingboat. The courteous an| friendly spirit shown to the press by the offi- cers of the City of Washington is worthy of special acknowledgmentattheirhands.Wehavesomeintelligenceinadditiontothat published in th e HERALD yesterday morning, brought from California by the pony express. The news of the donble democratic nominations at Bal- timore, when first received in Ban Francisco,cnaeed some surprise among the democracy; but salutes werefiredfor both Breckinridge and Doug- las, by the partisans of each, in all the principal town* of California. Many persons were leaving Viaalia for the newly discovered silver mine nearruinous experiment of seceding from the Union; consequence would be should a collision occur for that "the only thing that can prevent a or an excitement o f any kind arise on one of complete a n d bloody slave insurrection these boats, with a thousand people on board, throughout the Southern States is the preser-sent, it having received order* from the Custom House, from whence iu main support is derived, to lo so. fTwo companies of overland emigrants from Michigan have arrived a t Carson Valley within a week. They passedovertheIndianinfestedportionoftberoute without tbe loss of one of their company.A company, numbering forty-two persons, from Kala- mazoo, had a fight with the Indians and whipped them. Thecompanyallarrivedtoexcellenthealthonthelttk Three hundred and twenty thousand dollars remained u the State Treasury. The statistics of operations ID IMSan Francisco Mint for the past year show the total goil coinage at $11,900,000 and over 8500,000 silver coinageMany people are leaving Visalia, a Southeasi<*rn border town, for tbe newly discovered silver mines near Oceat Lake, oa the Eastern slope of the mountain.-. 200 odd south of tbe Washoe mines.The last accounts state that 800 men had arrived at these mines, and that rich silver leads of quart/, yielding 81,000 per ton, bad been discovered.The steamer Pacific has arrived with lau-r Oregon, Washington and British Columbia newsvation of the Union."Thus satisfied that the Northern mission of one knows where. There are no small boatswe will not have the same opportunity for a public display of enthusiasm, because the Prince will lay down his state on the frontiers of the republic,andcomeamongusinthesimpleca- pacity of a private gentleman, en route to the federalcapitaltopayafriendlyvisittoPresi-States must be made all free:"' that "the work on any Sunday, not the strongest nor the calm- will be one o f time and patience, but it must est passenger on board could escape drowning.meet with will be of the most cordial, respect- ful and genial kind—something that he willbe done.''their fear of the general government which pre- vents, at this moment, "a general insurrection among the slaves in the border States;" from Which it follows that, with the removal of thisWe are next assured that it is onlyThis"issomethingterribletocontemplate, and yet it is liable to occur at any time during the summer season. The proprietors o f this ferry should be indicted for this reckless ex- posure of human life if the law can reach them;flicted with a formal welcome by our corporate officials, with all its attendant vulgarity and ob- trusiveness, nor will the pious folks of Trinity church, we sincerely hope, carry out their con- templated design of making a show of him, or canonizing him as a saint.He i s a very intelligent, well conducted young gentleman, desirous o f improvement,pears that we were correct in our statement, asOwen's Lake. A company of United States troops, fear, there will b e a n insurrection which will and if not, the Common Council should see to itCaptain Smith, had bean attacked near make "the peaceful emancipation o f all the ey Lake by over three hundred Indians, when slaves" an easy task.that the number o f passengers on the boats belimited t o a n amount which will afford some • fight, lasting nearly two hoars, took place, re- With the outlines of the republican programme guarantee of safety.and absolutely no means of saving a single life,thesetombsare probably dead, but many may be living, and scattered over the face o f the globe. I t would b e highly impolitic i n the governmenttoruntheriskoffuturelitigation under these circumstances, as they have no morerighttotakepossessionofthesemen's tombsthanoftheirhouses.We said before, when it was rumored that the purchase o f the Dutch church by government appreciate and remember. He will not be in- was completed, that it was not so; and it now ap-except a few life preservers, stowed away noextinguishingslaveryintheSouthmaybesafe- keptonboard,andlifepreservers,weneedly undertaken, Mr. Wentworth tells us that "a hardly say, afford a poor chance of escape whenschememaybedevisedandcarriedoutwhich athousandorevenfivehundredpeoplearewillresultinthepeaceful,honorableandequi- castuponthewatersinaheap. Shoulda dentBuchanan;butsuchreceptionashedoes table emancipation of all the slaves;" that "the catastrophe happen on the Staten Island boatsOregon dates to the 18th state that four company of suitinginthedeathofseveraloftheIndians.Afortheabolitionofslaverythuspresented and,weBhouldjudge,ratherfondofpleasure;tenyearshence.ThefitplaceforthepackageofdocumentsfromtheEmperorofJapanfor the Japanese Embassy at Washington had ar- by an editor fully, possessing the confidenceof Mr. Lincoln, is It any wonder that the alter- rived at Ban Francisco. The pony express reports native of secession and a Southern confederacytheroutebetweenCarsonValleyandSaltLakeasbeingnowwellstockedandclearofIndians. shouldbeagitatedintheSouth? Whatmeans tendsthetimetothe1stofSeptember.Enough willlethimenjoyhimselfinhisownway.He commerce,andconvenient enoughtothebusi- withgunsandbowsandarrows Thefightlastedceertf BythePike'sPeakexpress,whicharrivedatStthispeaceableextinguishmentofslavery?Weisnowascertainedtoshowthatthepopulation nessandshippinglocalitiesofthecity.Letanhour.SeveralIndianswerekilled.ver City to July 23. By reference to the despatches, tories, and its removal from the District o f Co-underourtelegraphichead,itwffibeseenthat umbia,navjarards,dockyards.Jtc,byactof thepopulationofthesubarbsofthecitybe republic,wherehenaturallyexpectstofindanunder an abolition Interpretation of the consti-evtnmg,andwfllprobablyarrivehereatabout Virginiafieldhand,nowworthoverathousandWAIJS AN» THB GREAT EASTERN.—TWO of th eWhilethePrinceofWales,theheirtothe sameproportion,andthatgrowthisunprece- throneofGreatBritain,waslandingatHalifax. dented in the history of the world. It is only thefinestharbor in British America, amid theDates from British Columbia to tbe 14th state that s new gold mining region has been discovered in Okooagonw v inanfflciont proviaioM made for the comfort ofcity in the world. Ms growth is the measure ofsixo'clockthatmorsmff.Our news from Hahmx is very interesting. ThePt hee of Wales continues to receive the undivided att4 uboa o f the people. Yesterday he reviewed tfad trees* m has msraaxf, asd after partaking of a I' h at the Government Hones, he and his suit I v ttoviewtherusticsportsthathadbeengot«. ft) his honor. Be appeared to enjoy mem vet jdollars,utterlyworthlesstohismaster.Wllliamslmrg City Sews.paowsiD Waal & t n m . - A young m a t , namedningnews. Newsfromtheminestogenerallyextremelyb.-orabw. There is so other newsEverything was quiet at Kanagawa, bat the interior ofTUE CENSUS-^THB QBOWTH OF NEW YOBK.— The census is not yet completed, but probablyand that i t i s now about 900,000, to which, ifrather i lawless state of society seems to exist at ongress: next, the suppression o f the inter- entire absence o f fiankeylsm and snobbery, ment be erected in the Park, and we will haveadded—aswehavearighttodo—therewillbetateslavetrade,andtherepealoftheFugitive atotalofamillionandaquarter,fromwhich and,nodoubthopestomeetwithhisfellowthingsasnatureandthecircumstancesofthe Department,acDenver. Shootingaffraysteemtobetheorde*of the day there.the steamship Great Eastern arrived at CapeMay at seven o'clock yesterday morning. Greatdissatisfaction prevailed among the excursionistsc*boardofher,owingtothemanydiscomforts sameratio—asthereiseveryreasontobelieve DouglaswantstoenablehimtosucceedisCowlitacounty,electingtworepublicansbythirtymajori they had to endure. There seems to have been but same mind, it would not be a difficult matter, it will—this metropolis will soon be the first HALIFAX AND NBW YORK—TEE PRINCE OF the truth." This is a very grave lacking, for ty. This county baa heretofore gone large!/ democraticlave law; and next, the habeas corpus pro- it appears that, outside China and Japan, New men clothed only with the simple dignity of of Lysander Spooner in regard to slaves. York is in population the third city in th e nature, as becomes a people who unite in theirmetropolis intended them to be.Oregongoldinconsiderablequantitieshasbeea(o« on the tributaries of Del Chates river.Tbe Snake Indians are manifesting a hostile dispositionwhen a cause lacks truth i t lacks everything,the passengers. The Great Eastern was to leaveonherreturntoNewTorkstsixo'clocklasttionofslaverysssoontorenderevenafaithfulStatesgrow,itwillnecessarilygrowinthewitnessesofagrandcelebrationonMonday.averyseriousdefectinMr.Douglas'cause. andInsuellecounties.Thistoregardedasimportantmibrief, with a Congress, an Executive and a own persons the governors and tbe governed. Court all of the same model and the world; and if Its growth only continues in theAn election for members of the Legislature has been neUtution, so to cripple mis vital Southern Institu-the growth of the country: while the Unitedmost splendid harbors on this continent wereand we agree with our contemporary that it IsAnd such, we doubt not, is mis peaceful re-Mean programme for the conversion of all the breaking up of the Union by fanaticism that firing of cannon and the shouts o f assem- Sttrael W. Isgtoe, was drowned at tbe foot ofSoutn Tenthview and smells in the nostrils of the people. Of this order we had several letters yester-and determination which are their leading cha-slightest regard for the well being of the oeantry." OLDiROsanna" osDsaao to ASXArous. TbefrigaatoConstitution,"OldIronsides,"isorders! toAnnapolis;toperformdutyassserviceshipforthepa. XorkHermId-UlttoBBvr heldtheirsessionsatOxford,whensomeveryThesamestyleofquarrelisgoingonamongitmustalsocometobeexclusivelyappliedtopilEoftbenavalschool.Thisaahighlyproperdesigna-MMU5 FOE ETJBQPK.Liverpool,inbulkandbags,atlOd.a10*."d.,andflouratbers,LastmonththeBritishAssociation—aintelligenceandcivilisation,Imeantolaborforitseradi- cation from oar own and all other countries so long as ITUeCunerd BUil steamship Africa, Captain Shannon, Will leave this port to-day for Liverpool.i at half past tea o'clock this morning.Tbe Hww TOOK Wnaxr HaaA.u>—California edition— t—uiningthelalertIntelligencefromallpartsofthe world,withalargequantityoflocalandmiscellaneoua , wlQ bo pobUabed a t batf^aot nine o'clock la thecolumns from the Chicago Democrat, a paper possessing more largely the confidence of **"Df3 Abe-'thananyothernewspaperinIllinois.of connecting the Old and New Worlds, and thettbta.coptea,inwrapperr.readyformailing,sixcento. willpkaaoooaadtotbelrordersasearlyaspos-The Xtwi.The editor of said paper is his Honor JohnWentworth, Mayor of Chicago, familiarly called''LongJohn,"fromhis.altitude,whichissixfeetsix,ortwoinchesmorethanthatoftheoriginal rail splitter himself. A man of suchproportions andoftheofficialpositionofWent- thoughsilentformanyaday,mayyetbemade orwhySilasSeymourlost hisoffice, orwhat ofgreatfires,themenoftheDepartmentwould vancedverymuch.contract transferring the Galway steamers to theposes "of hisJiarty supporting him. W e have n o doubt,hould Lincoln be quietly established inthe White House, on the 4th March next, that Went- worth will b e duly installed a s lord o f the kitchen and the kitchen cabinet, much to theSan Francisco, and across to our seaboard; and last, though not least, the means of communica- tion proposed by the Emperor of the Fivnch, andwhich,fromhisknownsagacity,wemay presume has some good features to recommend i t Thus, by the cdnsent o f Christendom, the prophecy of Puck will at length b e realized,andagirdlebeputabouttheearthinfortyincluded In tbe shipments were 38,000 bushels wheat to2s6d.a2B.7*4d.,parttofillup. societyformedujponverysimilarprinciples- live.tion for her, owing to her prominent connection with las B«mi-OaXelal Decrees in Behalf o f » Old Among these was one presented by Col.try. Wise and Hunter are ready to let .out provement has been fully achieved, we shall most brilliant achievements is our naval history, fibs Ab* Lincoln." T. P . Shaffner, an American citizen, on their pent up wrath against each other, and are hear of but few extensive conflagrations. T o has been extensively repaired, under the superintendedstThe," Irrepressible Conflict'*—Important important papers were submitted to them. the professional politicians all over the coun-TbeEuropeanmail*willcloseinthiscitythi-safvemoou, MorethanoneofthetravellingnewspaperthepracticabilityoflayingdownanAt-onlyrestrainedbythesalutarysuspicionthatthepresenceofoneofthesepowerfulenginesofconstructorW.L.Hansoom,andtooneoftheftsttt at h>lf pftl twelve o'clock. frigates in the navy.the Emonaa Esrawj* or m HSSALD will be publtoned correspondents of the republican faith, having lantic telegraph to connect Europe with the people in the South will laugh at them, just we must in a great measure, attribute the ex- DsrAMcaa or JCDOE BLACK roa nsasnvaitu.ateleveno'ciookt»themorning. Singleoopies,inwr*p- pr*«, six cents.fulfilledthepiouspilgrimagetotheresidence America bytheFaroe islands. Iceland asthepeopleintheNortharelaughingatGree- emptionof*ourownandotherestablishments JudgeBlackleavestowntomorrowforPennsylvania, of Mr. Lincoln, have invited the unbeliever in and Greenland, the line to traverse Labrador ley, Hunt, Seymour, Sanders and the like. from a very severe scorching on Monday night where be will remain for • few weeks. Ha assistant, Br. lis superior qualifications for the White House and Canada to Quebec. Two expeditions have In Kentucky the same bitter feeling exists Three or four large steam fire engines, bring- M. C Calmont, remains in charge of the office duringtoo content! of the E n m u CDRIOS or m HBKALDwillcombinetbenewtreceivedbymailandtelegrapha to"comeoathereandseeOldAbeathome,alreadysetforthtomakeinvestigationsintheamongtheprofessionalspoilsmen,andtheingtheirfullpowerofejectingwatertobearhaabsence.be otto* during tbe previous week, and up to the hour ofPACIFIC.•OW Torto Herald—California Edition. The mad steamship Arisl, Capt. Miner, will leave thisport to-day, at noon, for Asplawell.i for California and other parti of the PAcifte a brace of editorial articles transferred to these are at present no less than five proposed meansand talk with his^neighbore, if you would learn wnaThe i s ? ^ Adopting this idea that his imme- diate neighbor** and colaborers know him .best, and that when they assume to speak authorita- tively they speak by the book, oar readers willon a burning building, must very soon sub- due theflames,be they ever so fierce; and the consequence will be that when these engines are in universal use, only one building can burn at a time, and life and property will b e more securely guarded.' Many of our firemen might look on the on- ward progress of steam fire engines as an inno-lcterestisLfj fromIMPORTANT DOCCMRNTS KKOM THE EJUTOtOK TO V t lEMBASSY—INCRXA8K OF TBAOt, ETC.SAX FsAjfcoco, July 10, I860By the hark Carrie Inland, which arrived here oa the 16th of July from Raaagawa, Japan, we have intelligence from that quarter to the 23d of May.The Inland brings an assorted cargo of Japanese nouoof and general merchandise. A package of document* Croat the Emperor of Japan to tbe Embassy at Washington wet1appreciatetbeimportancewhichweattachto ItisaninterestingfacttoknowthatthereCanadian line had been cancelled.ing! of the British Parliament were unimportant.Affairs in Syria were nnchanged. Prance was preparing to make powerful intervention in the affairs of that distracted country, and bad given notice of her intentions to the other European Powers.tieadherenceofhistroopstotherecentlygrantedfillthesemenputtogetherisLincolnindebtedminutes.The proceed-Sanders pursues t og e t a n danother a p -Presidentialcandidateand th eice-ribbed waters of the frozen seas, and the re- ports of the distinguished navigators who have accompanied them will prove whether th e Newfoundland route o r that by Iceland'and Labrador is the better.Guthrie men, the Combs men and the Douglasmen are all accusing the Breckinridge men ofhaving stolen from them the hearts of the peo-ple, none of them being aware o f the simplefact that the hearts of the people were neverwith them in their juggling and cheating politi-cal operations. This wrangling and mutuallyaccusing phase o f t h e political revolutionJ a p a n .amountstonothingmorethanaverificationof vationintheirprofession,andascalculatedtoreceivedbythisarrival,whichwillbetraasauUedtoat theearthwouldshowthatsuchanintimatecon- theSpanishproverb:—"Whencroniesfallout detractfromtheimportanceoftheirexemplary destinationbythenextsteamerfortheEast.Tbtnectionbetweenthetwocontinentsis"acon-truthscometolight" :organization.Buttheygreatlyerriftheybe-packageaoblonginshape,abouteightinchesinlengw 7 lieveso. Thesteamfireengineshavetobeat- byfourinbreath,andfourinchesthick. Itwasforward-summation devoutly to be wished.' We have. But what does t h e country care whether ed through the United States Consul at Kaaagewe, firstofall,theoldAtlantictelegraph,fromIre-Greeleywascheatedoutofthenominationfor tendedtoascarefully,ifnotmoreso,thanthe Thenewttomeagre.land t o Newfoundland, which w a s almost Governor or not, whether Hunt was estimated hand engines. They require as many men t o San Frsaotoco vessels bad obtained cargoes without broughttocompleteperfection,andwhich,athisfullvalueornotintheoldwhigparty,takethemtothepostofdanger,and.incasestrouble,butthepricesofgoodsweresaidtohavead-unanimousactionofallthecivilisednationsofIhesteamshipPrinceAlbert,fromGalway24thworth,andofhisskill,activity,zealandpowertospeakagain.ThenthereisthelineproposedWiseandHunterthinkofeachother,orwhyalwaysfindmorethanenoughtodowithout Americanhalfdollarsarerepresentedtobeneatest olt.,arrivedatSt.Johnsyesterdaymorning,put-asapoliticaleditor,cannotbedoubtedas wearingouttheirstrengthbythefatiguingla-forthepurposeoftrade.TheyarereceivedattheCustomting as in possession of five days later European S man who speaks b y authority, when h e by Col. Shaffner; the line by way of the Asores; the foolish Forsyth lost his mission to Mexico,bors which the hand engines demand, and with- out which they are entirely useless.House only st a discount of 8 per cent.N e w i f r o m t a t s P a c i t t c .AFFAIR8 IN CALIFORNIA, OREGON AMD BJUTTSfl CO-LUMBIA—MININGintelligence. The news is not very important. The undertakes to proclaim the principles and pur- the line by tbe Amoor river, Behring's Straits,or whether th e blackguard Pfyor opines this o r that, o r what course t h e officialsigns of black republicanism.property of the public, they will relax no ef- Louis on the 1st Inst., of double democratic nomiaalioat forttoprovidethecitywithafullcomplement atBaltimore,perplexesthedemocratsmorethanever.PROGRESS OF THE PRINCE OF "W ALES.—The Prince of Walesis rapidlyprogressingin hisTbe party organs hesitate t o support either ticket form lfBjBJll.pl III ?position that the divisions among the partyleaders of the conservative interests will result demonstrated the superiority o f steam over they would (eel bound to pursue toward aBut in the face of all these facte, and of manyoa tbe minds of readers as varied as political partial sea numerous. All agree that the author it, as usual, seek-'out or compete with the tremendous force andupon s o tbe writhlngs and contortions o f tbe headiest trunk of the late navy agsat at Mew York. .leechpointment?bickeringsamongtheprofessionalpoliticiansonly prove that a n immense change has takenplace in public opinion, and that these quar-relers find themselves high and dry on theshoalsandquicksandsofpartisanjugglery, wearegladtoknowthatthisdesideratumis MoneytoplentifulatIXatpercentamonth. whileothersbidfairtofloatintothefatplacesbeingslowlybutcertainlyaccomplished. Theponyexpress,withSt.LouisduesofJulyl,ar- and snug harbors of political appointment There are now in this city four of these new rived at Carson Valley on the 15th instant, and at flaaA l lo fthesetheirfellowtage to all parties—to the public asThe Improvement is, therefore, an advan-INTELLIGENCE, ETC.8T, JOSEFS, July 81, LM0wellastothemembersoftheFireDepart- Wehavethefollowingadditionalnewsbytbepoor**-ment themselves. A s human muscle cannotcompete with steam in working against fires, SAS FRAVCBCO, July IS—ZM P. M.of these superior engines.THE SITE FOR THE POST OFFICE—THE DCTCH officials, nearly all of them, support Breckinridge sadWe usually are.nate for the public that this location cannot bie had for a Post Office. I t i s not the proper place for i t . because business i s moving u p town, and it would be a great hardship to com- pel people to come down to such an out of the way place as the present Post Office will beWe consider i t very fortu-butwehardlythinkthatheaspirestoaplace PoetOffice,theCustomHouse,theMintandthe UnitedStatestroopsweretooedespatched\)thecountry federal courts is the City Hall Park. T h e title east of tbe Cascades, to protect tbe settlers against thein the calendar o f saints; nor do we know Indians.whether he is even a member of any churcla; so to that property is undisputed. It will bo for Captain SmiUi'i company, while march:.-!* towards willbebythe20thinst,thoughthelawex- wetrustthattheparsonswillnotboreaim,but yearstocome,ifnotalways,thecentreof HoneyLake.WESattackedbyover800Indian?,armedJosephyesterday,wehaveintelligencefromDen-presumeitmeansitsexclusionfromtheTerri-ofthiscityhasincreasedthirty-threepercent,willthustakebacktohisowncountryafar GeneralBarneyarrivedbythePacificoulit*w««'»more pleasing remembrance of the American the city buildings b e removed t o the Fivestreet yesterday morning whilst engaged i s bathing.States into free States. Are not Southern can check the growth of this great EmpireCity, bled thousands, the Great Eastern, another It is supposed that he was seised with cramp and res- Regent who was assassinated by the adherents of Priaceor retard the rapid increase of the population dered helpless. Resiaeatii-f the vknnityjheard his cries awareofthis?Dotheynotknowthat Britishinstitution,wassteamingdownthebayforhelp,buttheirassistancecametoolate.HisbodyMetao. The act was committed within the walls of the r the Union they have fallen completely of the States, or prevent the speedy devetope- of New York, the finest harbor i n the United was recovered and taken to his late home, in Division ave- Regent s palace. Tbe assassins had aU been captaredmeatofgiganticresourceswithoutaparallel.the overshadowing power o f th e States, greeted by tens of thousands of JubilantUntitled Documentbrth, a n d that this anti-slavery repub- New Tork i s the mighty brain of this body spectators, surrounded by a fleet o f crowdednue, near Eleventh street.AsaACLTSD sr Woara.—A German,engaged at Bchnader bad*' jbrewery, in Remsen street, waa attacked b y a number of females residing in the neighborhood, on Msa- day evening, sad severely beaten. I t appeared that a s •track s little ehttd with a horewhip, wnurh, Tery sain-TLeTycoontorepresentedtobeveryliberalto**''" foreigners, and for this reason he encountered the M w<- of Prince Metao.The bark Onward is daily expected f- arrive. » • »Points, and the offices o f the general govern- Washington. Col.W/igbthasbeenappointedtothecommando«»b«A FRANK CONFESSION.—A Douglas paper inthe South says that "all the cause o f Mr. la Washington Territory. Returns are only received fromThe letterappearanae o f thato f t h e impudent and denunciatorypoliticaladvertiser, George N . Sanders, to th eexeffiee holder,s a d atwassfeartheothermayprovetne stronger one. The federalthe country was In s disturbed State. It was tbe Pnace r f i t , and laughed most heartily at some of the lican party have taken possession o f the politic, communicating by nerves with its moststeamers, yachts and boats of all dimensions—-4es, In the evening he went to the ball met.»J_»_ -*v*aM. mmum. ... ..Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069__remote extremities, and exercising more ct lesswww.fultonhistory.coma partihg salute thunderina o u t from"* ail raliy, raised the Indignation of the mother, who collected dates from Eanagawa to the Sth of June. SHIFPTNO rKTELUGENCa 