 6NEW YOEK BEUALD, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 1860.-TR1P1J! SHEET.NEW YOPvK HERALD.AIlls.8OOItBOtfDEVSETT, KlliruE AND PRO "RltluK.»>here, cscot fill to cr j^* tic attentionofcur las bffE. tviBctd in t^e revelriots of tb»- reaJtia. i*fce body w*» tiuWaluted, aed will be Treasurer c-f liv Sve of Maiue sua tlsr^itfrcsett to bisfiicnda in Kentucky fAr burial. *t is an ioevit*bte aUtatau U;»UL our ejai^uThetrial«iAlbertW.Dicks,aliasJohnson,theofpsatyorganizationandpubicepp'.'io" toOut.atwbtebtbeln>mtgrationtoibisthem»4McloserbymeansoffKotvtv,1*AJw*m *TMt*—<»'*Iheim-j* «-TUB WUXLi •aws. »9>r~~rmTr7MVi"7uuSTsdaaae *XV.L'l'ittd States Deputy Marshals, who are charged the government wio does not steal, aud tnat is B**+L'>J^%£&Z£*£ZtZ with permitting the alleged slaver Storm King to mj feif.*' The Covode Commiitee. got op for a•OAMWT ov «atic, BA—Las QIOTAXSIItAixur Ora-these results is bailed by the people is the best guarantee that the masses, at ail events, desire union end harmony throughout the whole country, no matter what way the po. litical storms may blow.WHAT WILL BK NAI*OLEON'S NEXT MOVE!—Tbe new pamphlet, by M. Edmond About Betel, and that meals be seat ts their ream Tea *„which has just made its appearance In Paris, been accorded.has given rise to a good deal of speculation. Captain Dopcmt k very assidaoea ia his atteaaaaa tsMIBLO-S a*a jiaai l m ~if— (WMIUI fteraooa and kraaitgsent. The number of applications for licenses was this C'ty; the revelations of Elder Feck, in twelve, all of which were granted on the payment { Maine, and now (be explosion in the New York of $A6 for each. The Comml-sioners propose to Poet Office, are all Kails driven in the coffins of charge hotels and large liquor dealers $250 fortomorrowwill aa* take ptaoa uil' to Say the scribes sf thel*ana***'VJ aaaWSxVU•vlllgIs Da •7«a»sWTaWvalf Wwtew. lea*» *****m »m -»P~ajcuanonm THIS IVESING.to grant liceii^es. The organization of the Board lature, where Tammany Hall men and blackis the same aa that of hut year. CommissionersHaskett and Bolmes were the osly members pro- republicans all went In together to plunderlicense, and the price of a license will range from hat sum to $30, instesd of charging $30 to all deal-noon. The polls were opened at ten A. M. andclosed at two P. M. There were 51,089 shares of an independent press, and not on corruptAVfcaO*.- CAiirunsru MsaASsnia.TRIPLE SHEET.I t a York,. Wc«aea«ta>. atajr 16, I860.l h « n c w a .The proceedings of Congress yesterday werehighly interesting. Ihe galleries of the Senate clamber were crowded with spectators, anxious to l,e«r Mr Douglas'promised eapoeitionof hia record a.d principle* wl'h reference to the question of slave, y in the Territories The prtlimiuary. basJ- [i. -ii. consisting of the introduction of a bill iu addition to the act* for the punishment of crimes against tie United 8tav s, a brief discussion on a l II amendatory of the act establishing a Territorial K>vt:uu<ent in Utah, and dome explanations r> Uuve lo the hill for the relief of Ansonbunt, ruperintendt'nt oMudtan Arlaira ia Oregon, * u quick It paused oyer, and Mr. Davis' reso- lution*, declaratory of the principles of the democratic party as regards the protection of •lave property in the Territories, were taken up.the Mock en band amounts to 6'2,000 bales, against 460, tic and republican journals vie with each other ".G at ins same period la 1859. There was a hit of a in applying all sorts of disparaging epi-sian, sn American, and two brothers, the oneEnvojs Extraordinary, tbey are auinoriaed, however, ta make proper arrangrmonts for the return of th-rr sola- wrecked countrymen nor here or those whe ssay hs hereafter shipwrecked. Tbey have no power saaaar the existing treaty.Tbey express themselves greatiy pleas 3d with their recaption, also with all the aptwaataaaahl and anangemeats made by tie crBosrs having them iacharge Car urn Pcrur informed me they wool! rentals in Washington abcet twesty caj a before they vahed tie Nottbein cities. Tbey will remain three days ta Phiia delpbia, i/otn ibtrc* prccvtJ U NewYoik, where tUaf win remain about a week, and from there go to Boston It fees not been decWert yet wbub?r they will via'ti Via gara Fate, but it is a ore tbac probable that they will.Ihe sob committee of Aldermen from New York have been here for several days, for tbe purpcee ef aacertaai- log when and bow they are to he received at Xaw Yarfc. ASyet tbey have been unable to get any iafarmabsawill it is desirable to retain, venal rascals who and Tuesday evening mat Aa oration was de- must be kept in golden traces, and a number- livered at the Cooper institute by the Hon. Mr. less class who are always in trouble andNorthern population crazy. As they are nei- PACIFIC SHOKES—THE PONT EXPRESS.—The ef- the long desired direct trade with the South. ther politicians nor metaphysicians enough to forts to lessen tbe time of communication benot fully, equal to any civilised nation ta the world. The one hundred dollar osta we hare already described. It is of gold, so pare astohealaust flexible. It to six inches h a g , of aa oval shape, sad as thick aa aa American twenty dollar gold pieos. TheSummers on Monday, and a sapper given at the Metropolitan Hotel last evening. Our report appears its another column.alwajs running to the politician for whom they hurrah, and for whose can- didate they vote, to say nothing oftalk treason or philosophy, it is not to be won- tween the Atlantic and Pacific shores are pro- dered at that they should preach revolt against gressing with great activity. The different the only discipline that imposes restraints upon telegraph lines in course of construction west- their unruly tendencies. ward from St Louis are rapidly advancing tocompletion, and, with the Pony Express andPersonal Intelligence.H. King, Efq., of Washington, D. a , Asetstint P o tmaster General, at in town aad stopping at tbe AtHat Bouse.A meeting of the Commlasioaera appointed by tbe expenses of party gatherings, lighting ofEsq., aad sirs. Harey and daughter, all of New York, are ractor. Mr. E W. Burr, jeweller of this city, mfora* stopping at the Everett Boose. us that these pieces are probably manufactured by beingJ. Potter, E»q , aad party, of Savannah, Oa ; Judge Lit first cast say one sixth smaller than tbey are toteaded totie, of Newfoundland; W B Vesey, Esq., of New York* be when complete. They are then put into the hanos ofBon J. & Guthrie, of Waahiagtoa. aad R Craigaeai. aa artificer, who, with a peooiiar shaped hammer, htvtag Esq , of Tcaatstee, are slopping at the PathBotel. a almost acute edge, proceeds to seat the metal oatOol. Samuel Colt, of Hartford; Gen Robert Hatoey, of upon aa anvil until U assumes the desired shape. Swahallegednitireererofthecaptainaedcrewofthemtnte.Sothoroughlyhasiti-nouedth-OtrilE M. V COBNEB OF Hisiia ax* rtxLroir srs. oy*t« r *)oop Edwin A. Johnson, wad continued jot- federal government that the Presiceat nvgli terday in tbe United States Circuit Circuit. A full with Ltuth repeat the sajing of the late Czir,rwtirj. east fa eaw«» #-«»T^Ji^r^TiU^i-i-i report of the testimony is given in another column "I Ltlitve there is but one msu couufecUdwith Counsel in the case of Ryndera and Mann, latefrom various. kno*n and natural causes. The ce ndition of Europe from 1846 to 1850 in particular pas to peculiar from tbe c<n>bitfd effects of material depression and political agitation, that emigrants from all quarters of tbe Old World poured into this country, aa tbe last refuge of broken for- tunes and disappointed hopes. Want and op* p esfion at borne .swept off tbe population by t>< usands, until tbe broad Atlantic was studded wi b emigrant ships, and tbe ports of America »v armed with ihe bone and sinew and brain of Europe, ceeking here a field for their develope- nu-nt, which tbey bave since fertilized and en- riched. At no period, either before or since, was the emigration to this country so large; but for tbe la*t five or ten years it has been gradually decreasing, and it is only within tbe last few months that tbe advent of immigrants to our shores in unprecedentedly large numbers hasattractedanyattentionorsurprise. Political tranquillity, the absence of agitation, and com- parative prosperity in Europe, had rendered emigration no longer a necessity, and it is therefore a matter of speculation and astonish- ment that it should have received such an e±- traordinary impetus at the present time.Ireland and Germany have always furnished tbe bulk of emigration to America; but we do not perceive in the present aspect of affairs in either country any paramount cause for deser- tion of home and kindred such as existed a few years ago. Nevertheless, emigrants from both lands, the former especially, have been pouring in upon us in immense numbers for some time past The new exodus from Ireland is excit-tbey please, and preach disunion, but w *people feel, after all, that tbey are membersof oie family, though divided by the ^"•F--t«rie8ltT * 1 * 1 ^ , "** breadth of a whole continent, end byin?sgin*ry sectional lines. Tbe welfare of theNorth aid tbe South, tbe Atlantic aad tbe Pa- OTJB SPECIAL V *£fiW#tOsT DESPATCHpeieonal attack upon Mr. Buchanan by men familiar with official corruption for years, and indictment against the accused. Argument on the actuated by a feeling of anger at not being \maddt- motion will bt heard on Saturday next perm tted longer to revel in it, is producing136yesterday lor opening their bacchanalian campaignfor the present year by holding their first meetinggatois little dreamed of. The developementf of tbe corruption in the last New York Legis-Extraordi-BUawaarSaaarf, wish the ruiaaal thai —-— K. , the Prtatdeat throata ttT sadT D « L f ! ! Les:ype from this port, pave notice in the Circuit Court i ester da v that they should move to quash thecific tegions, is bound up In one common des-tiny, and subject to common influences, either V»tteeicefor good cr evil fortune. Railroads and tele-graphs, snd every other agency whereby dis- which a iatance and time are overcome, end the peoplebrought into closer communion, are the strong-est bonds of union, end the eagerness withwhich every method which can accomplish aaaftm,Waef taewiuil last algwt, w^ee the »•—•—tj wiKtea talTie Board of Excise Commiaeionera organised (.fleets upon the public mind that its insti-^ ^ M s e m a a s a S hither ai .an «ftthis morning Mr. Ladyara was at the Vartars o* ta* arranging for the <•OWR1 TttBA W fciiri -lBTki»D*'Oii—HatD or taa rMULV-OTSKIXO-Wtrow's Vietm—M"n«»TOCI yeasWIMTEB OABDEH, Broadway. IB.WALLACES TBEArsa Broadway-—Orsaltan Boors.LA?BA rnnt THVATBI, at aroaaw*r.-~i>Tivai.a road Company were re-elected yesterday after- When public men feel that tbey must rely uponPaiflca—A* arrMS ot H1»O».prinnate their comfort.The Japanese Embassy addressed a nets ts SecretaryOsss this morning, reporting to him, ia aemrdtaes wSav instructloes from tbeir goven ment, their arrival al theNEW BBOJZSBOWEBT, Do»iar~HBewsry.—DITU'I Oaa—VitV AOaas-It is eutitled " La Nouvelle Carte d'Europe,"and, although professing to be merely a political squib, deals with the questions of the dayers indiscriminately, as was done in 1869.The old Board of Directors of the Harlem Bail-They have asked for more private quarters at Waava'sparty organizations, for support, they will be relieved of the hungry leeches that now force them to plunder the public treasury.Oil for I860 Tbe exports for tbe same time have reachCO*»XB OF ntrKTSCN'Ta STBSET AND rooatH ed about 3 880,CCO hales, against 2 630,000 last year; and tbe greatest of tbe present day. The democra-NLH -Aacaoatxaiasa.•tock represented.T,e steamship Tut>n!a, which sailed from thisport \CH"erday for Southampton, Havre and Ham- burg, took out 131 passengers and $170,000 in specie.UO%KUM. swoadwov.—o»v SET HUTS' KHrgrntrLB BeeaaateWHalL #71 Broad w a j -Btrsxascwss. Soase, OA*CE», ac.-Tas BTEUIGIK.Broadway —Oao. CVBISTT » alia •TBBU in Soaoa I. ec—BUCK Bkoasaaa.MOZART BALL, Ho. 8** Bmtdway —OtrttiTnl Oaaav'S • •TuiTAijiatjii- i w u t t s laua HauMtiaa, Aca*t!frmi[-DOT—hor ricxsas-Lrrtva Cuaiosmxs, AoAMSBICABTHK GREATPOLITICALFAILUREOFTHEDAY.— The party press, without exception, affect to baler, closirg skady on the basis ot ll%o. a ll>;c for regard tbe Baltimore nomination of tbe Union middling uplands. The receipts at tbe ports since the 1st candidates for the Presidency and Vice Presi- of ii->trinner last have reached 4.273,000, against 3,534, dency—Bell and Everett—as a signal failure,in a manner which reminds tbe Deader forcibly city of Washington to exchange the raUflcatloas of sheof tbe imperial pamphlets on Italy. Tbe views treaty, and that they were ready to perform the owe of the writer are conveyed through the medium aaony at such day aad how as he mjsjat specify. ts* Secretary replied at once, fixing to morrow at twelve of an imaginary conversation, which is sup- o'stock for the exchsnge ef rauacauoas, aad that aaposed to have been held at the Hotel du Lou- tbe following day tbey would be formally presented is vre, between a French officer, an English lady, the President. The note of the Embassy eras ta Japanese,a Roman monk, a Piedmontese subaltern, aTurk from Constantinople, a Russian, a Prus- The Embassy Is not clothed with plenary povsrs; hat asTbe sales of eottoa yesterday embraced about 1,200rime ta breadstaffs, ead State aad Western thets and nicknames to these gentlemen, and Irain's of flour iel off about TO cents per barrelborn at Naples and the other at Vienna. Here, ing considerable attention, and even some it will be seen, are all the nationalities neces-i jtnirn 11. or wss dull sad -he market heavy. t-cdearor to show that, as candidates, they Ubtat fell iff about t w ) cents per bishel, and amount to nothing./ Among those jour- com was from 2.i,c. a 2c. per bushel lower. Pork was iais ate the Richmond Enquirer, the Alba-alarm, in thatcountry, and the immediate causeof the movement does not seem to be understood there; snd tbe same is true also of Ger-many ; but it is manifest to us that this ex-traordinary emigration can be accounted forby circumstances at this side of the Atlanticrather than at the other. The fact is, that thosewho have previously emigrated to this countryhave been very prosperous. Tbe magnificentresources of tbe United States, spread over anextent of territory combining all descriptionsof climate and sol), its vast agricultural wealth.t-sry to represent tbe leading political interests of tbe day.It is needless for us to particularize all the changes in tbe political relations of Europe foieshadowed in this conversation. Suffice it to say, that the Tutk consents to abandon Eu- rope and retire to Medina, to keep watch and *ard over tbe tomb of tbe Prophet; the monk to give up his Italian patrimony and to take up bis abede in apostolic simplicity in Jerusalem; tbe English weman to take Egypt and to givee« buoyant, thengh with more doing: sales of new mem ny Atlas-Argus and Evening Journal, and • ere made at $18 l«>f a $18 26, and aew prime at 113 76, be New York Tribune, One calls Bell a •ad of old do at $12 SO. Coffee was Steady, with sties of whig, another calls him an old fogy, a tbirdW« bags Lagosyrs; 1.C00 bags St. Domingo for export, atraUa given ia another column. The stock comprises -»y s be is dull, and a fourth that he is "a mise- i.V<t« •««• Bio, 18,444 mats aadVl^N bags Java—giving lab'e abetraction.'- The democratic journals i total of 87,181 packages of all kinds. Sugars wereMesdy, with sales of about 7Q« hhds., at rates given elmwhere. Freights were Arm to English ports, aad en-gagements fair.Official Corruption »«d Party Orsromtsa- t>rove that it cannot possibly affect the success n u t - A n l a d e p e a d e a t P r c s a t h e O n l y of republicanism, but may do some damage to Reamed r . ihe democracy at tbe South. The truth is thatThe explosion In the New York Poat Offioe both sets of journals are paitly right. The de- Las occurred at a moment peculiarly adapted mocracy may be defeated by Bell and Everett to give an impulse to the spirit of change that in Kentucky, North Carolina, Tennessee and is rite In tbe political world, and to give an- otber Southern States, and the republicans mayits mineral deposits, its growing manufactures, up Corfu, Malta and Gibraltar; the Russian toMr. Douglas then took the floor and delivered other blow to the crumbling system of party be defeated by the same candidates in Pennsyl- a long speech, going to prove that the squatter organization. vania. New Jersey and Indiana.covereignty doctrine did not originate with him, If we examine critically tbe case of Mr. Fow-hut thit it was embodied in the celebrated Nichol- ler, we shall find that his crime was as much Why do there journals take so much painsiuo letter of. General Cass, ia 1847, and recognized tbe result of tbe existing scheme of party Crea- to run the Union candidates down, ifseek a land where the sturdy arm, the quickin the res lu'ions oflered by Mr. Dickinson in the Bctutte in the same year; that it vaa presented to and accepted by the Democratic National Conven- tion in 1848. entered tn\o the Compromise mea-sures of 1860, and was affirmed in the Cincinnati [latfoim of 1862, and in the Kansas-Nebraska bill of 1854. He fortified his argument by referring to the proceedings of conventions of several South-ern States in favor of squatter sovereignty, and to the resolutions of the Georgia Legislature of 1-vH, after the passage ofcibe Kansas-Nebraskabill, endorsing that measure, and said those resolu-tions were as good a platform as he wanted—hedon and party control as it was of the want of tbey really amount to nothing? We ratheroppression and stimulated by the genius of our institutions; are certain to reap a rich remu- neration for their labor. Millions of dollars are sent every year to Europe by our adopted citizens to bring out tbeir friends and families; and as money is the moat potent mis- sionary and the best evidence of prosperity, accompanying, as it doubtless does, glowing descriptions of affaire here, emigration to America becomes the goal of ambition to thou- sands.No part of the globe presents tbe same in- ducement to the emigrant as this republic To tbe industrious aad thrifty man, emigration to tbe United States means certain prosperity, andstrong moral principles in the man. And, in-fiupect that it is because they find themdeed, if we carry the analysis a little farther, k rmidable opponents in the present state of we may perhaps come to the conclusion that, l artiee and political complications. Bell andHouse. The East Room wUl not acc^mmodato all whe cept anything out of theee carvings seek admiffioc, and consequently tbe invitations mast ha and slicings of the European soil, refusing limited ta number Tbe reception will be conduated la the aest formal manner. The Javanese themselves ex- pect as much, aad those who have charge ef the ar-under our present par*/ system, no man ofstrong moral principles could successfully un-dertake the labors that Mr. Fowler has so longborne. Appointment to public office is the sti- whom so much has been said, he would not be mulus and the reward that attend the profession- by any means a safe man for President of theequally the Rhenish provinces tendered him by the Prussian and Belgium pressed on his ac- ceptance by tbe fair English woman. He made war, he said, in tbe interest of great principles, aud not for aggrandizement, and be wished that he might die at St Helena if it ever again occurred to him to covet a foot of territory after the outcry raised against him ia tbe Eng- lish Parliament on account of that small affair of Nice and Savoy.al politician. Out of the salary he is not onlyto lire, but also to meat the numerooa contin- gent expenses of a profession that is necessa-United States. He is not conservative, would be very likely to plunge the country into war, and furthermore, he is very much of a humbug.was willing to accept them without the slightestalteration. Before concluding his remarks Mr rily more wasteful than any other. If We cannot yet tell what tbe democratic party bence emigration is popular. According toDouglas became so exhausted aa to be compelled we contemplate only the relation between ex- will do. At present it is in a state of disin- the returns of the Commissioners of Emigra-to give way to a motion for aa adjournmentIn the House yesterday a resolution to invite the Japanese to visit die chamber, and appointing a committee of five to do the honors, was adopted. The report of the Committee on Elections, ousting Mr. Cooper, of Michigan, from his seat, and giving it to Mr. Howard, was adopted, and Mr. Howard was thereupon qualified as a member. In Commit- tee of the Whole the bill making appropriations for deficiencies in the Post Office Department was debated till the adjournment The appropriations amount to 113,500,000.The Republican National Convention for the nomination ot candidates for President and Vice President meets at Chicago to-day. According to our despatches there will be a very large at- tendance of delegates. From the reports of theproceedingsof thepreliminarycaucuses,itap pears that the Convention is not likely to prove as harmonious a gathering as has been anticipated. The friends of each of the candidates for the President**! nomination seem determined to stand by tbeir favorite, and consequently the prospects of Seward's success are quite dubious.The Japanese remained in their quarters at Wil- lara's Hotel yesterday, not having recovered from the fatigue of the reception of Monday. They were put in communication with the State Depart meat, and it was arranged that the ratifications ofthe treaty should be exchanged to-day, and that on to morrow they should be formally presented to the President at the White House. The New York Aldermanic Coamittee are' at Washington, to as- certain what*arrangements have been made as to the future movements of the Japanese. It hi stated that the Ambassadors will probably remain in Washington about twenty days, that they will then pioceed to Philadelphia, where they will tarry three days, and from there come to New York.Ihe defalcation of Postmaster Fowler continues to be the town talk, especially among the demo- cratic politicians. The whereabouts of the de- faulter has not yet been discovered. Messrs.cievrge Law and Guatavns A. Conover, Mr. Fow- ler's bondsmen, have been notified to pay over the sum for which they stand responsible, and it is likely that they will respond without delay. Mr. Fowler's friends are, it is said, exerting themselves to make ap the deficit in hit accounts with thePost Office Department, wi'Ji every prospect of success.The first anniversary celebration of the" Old DommJoa Society wan held in thai city on Mondayisting public salaries and the demands which society makes npon men in the social position of a public officer, we shall observe at once aa immense disproportion. Oar present public salaries were adopted at a time when the aggre- gate wealth of the community was far leas than it now is; and, haying been set under a wise system of public economy, they are now con- fessedly inadequate to the support of men call- ed to fill the public offices.But the great cause of tbe evil lies iu the in- satiate calls which the present system of party management makes upon office holders and party leaders. We will take the case of Mr. Fowler as an instance. Besides being Post-master, be has been Grand Sachem of Tamma- ny,ChairmanoftheNewYorkGeneralCom- mittee, a member of every convention—city, State or national—and the centre of one of the moat active of the many political cliques within the broad lines of party demarcation. Xheee du- ties have called him now to Washington, now to Albany, then to Syracuse, then againto Charleston, besides demanding hia presence in Tammany meetings, commit- tee meetings, and clique consultations; innumerable. It would naturally be supposed that the onerous duties of the Post Office of the greatest commercial city in the Union wouldof themselves require all the time any one mancould find; and yet, under the present practiceof official appointment, no man can becometegration ; and if it should continue tion, about 30,500 immigrants have arrived atin that condition, and tbe conserva. this port since tbe loth of November last endtive masses should rally around Bell and tbey have furnished us with tbe following de- Everett, these men would be found very tailed statement:—far from despicable candidates. But it Arrived from Nov. 15 to Nov. $0-Is objected against them that tbey have Irom Nov. 30 to Dec 81 from Dec. 31 to Jan. 31A FLUTTER IN THE DEMOCRATIC DOVECOTS.— ether overland routes, we shall soon be in very the Legialatore to assess and collect damages, Ac, halls, printing of posters and party sheets, There is a good deal of gossip abroad aboutat Quarantine, was held yesterday at the St. Nicho- close connection with San Francisco. The Le- las HatoU-preeeat ateeare. Sweeney, Leavenworth building of platforms, hiring of shoulder hit- the removal of the (Sly Cbamberlain, Mr. Stout gislature of California has offered a sum ofand On motion of Mr. Sweeney, Mr. Lea u n>, and so on to the end of a very long chap- President of the Shoe and Leather Bank, by venworth 1 appointed chairman,and Uosrgo W ter, constitute a positive and inevitable drain Mayor Wood, and tbe substitution of Mr. Piatt, Earner chosen as eeerttary. The 6th day of June upon every man entrusted with public offioe President of the Artisans' Bank-a change designated as the day 0f meeting for the and the handling ot the public money. Here which, of course, wiU transfer tbe custody of$00,000 to tbe company which shall com- plete the first telegraph line through to San Francisco, to be paid in ten annual Instal- ments, and a farther sum of $10,000 to any company which shall complete ihe second line. With this stimulant to exertion, we shall aeon see a telegraph in operation to the capital oftbe Golden State,This move of tbe Legislature, se well as tbe extraordinary enthusiasm which greeted the arrival ef the Pony Express at Sacramento re- centty, shows the anxle^ of the people to'draw closer together the bonds w M c h u X the Pa, ciflc States to the Central and Atlantic States, tbe moral of which Is that the popular heart is strongly In favor of union, end that it is ex- tremely difficult for any influence of politicians or any one else to divide this peopJft letThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Ithaca, Gen Towneend, of Albany United States Consul at Constantino St. Nicholas Hotel.J P Brown, Esq, to the expertaera with which this operational perforated,,tranaactioa of •* tarn office of PeterR BweaNjr, So- 47 Wall Ortat A formal notice was tent to the President of the Board atBsaervisorsi f Rkhnwnd county, and the Commission, after detispattftft tfca laiAAtn and 2Vi5tme, af thm easy, at.d each two papers of Rfchmoad county at Mr Barge* should name. to publish the notices of the meetings, 4c, of the Comaniaaioa, adjourned to the date and place named above.Is the eternal source of public corruption, aad tbe city funds from the former institution to the first great cause of official defalcation. We tbe latter. People are wondering whether thisare not surprised at the case of Mr, Fowler. move is a political or a financial one; and nowBOD. Andrew Jaeksea Donalaon, of Tennessee; Ool. B.C. Kirg, of Georgia; Col. G sf. Dudley, of Georgia; Dr. J.a Epes, of Virginia, Rev Samuel Watson, of Memphis; its surface does not reveal the miautest variation. Upoaand shall » 1 } be astonished if it is not disco-vered la many other quarters, That it does Postmaster, who kept Tammany Hall going fordore Blois, Esq , werei amoexng thbe arrivals at'the Metropo htan Hotel yesterday.patcted fit ink, while upon esther ahts sundry ^ ^tors are stamped, evidently vn*h a die, probably ftxsW,the nationality af the coin, or ladaaatsag the tttaa a/ .jreign of tbe emperor when a was made. The remair.mggold coins, excepting thoaa representing two dottarf, ara*xUt in numerous places where It It not even J. •nepectcd BOW, we are full/ confident; and the oun.ber of xetired effice aoJders whose accounts #ith tbe gowrnaaent havw never been settledierne years pent by his popularity and his as- sistance in otber wsys, it is supposed that May or Wood will bare to go in and take charge of Tammany, as be seems to manage demosailarsa the above, betog oval shaped, aad torge/l aad !£iffifrife?5g***!*!+*'*****- ^SSSSSSZ^_^ of asm-Coroner JaraTima yesterday hah) aa inquest atthe City Magi upon the body of Robert C. Maodo- is much greater than the public has any cralic politics generally. The gossips aroundf*J&JSEZStSftStoft!ia!d.«boeota«rvlHa«iCaaWaBltoT^mIhatinaXI-tuuoaoaMsidaylast,bytafcmgpoison.Thetea' !******v.*******»notiwoullartoaliveonthesetwoimportantevents—tbeTbe two dollar coca to of the shape af a aarasaiagrata. Poseof ascertaining what l - p r o v ^ u t a v a ^ ^ u K tbrta-quartoraof aa inch long and about half an lata wide. Uatis* the other snoney, it appears t'^ have %*SBgreataantabc*tothe—timo^f Of H ivaral IstWrs written j tb* Ute demojratk party, for tbe black^elnb• society of Parts, mj eHa t>» atollHaaSj eath to.'bit.,, fcii;*,tTP -a{Which we pehSgh aJic' Ucg*t|f j'-' 'j.U*•ywtoe old system of political party organization. The growth of tbe independent press is the ad- vatce cf the power that is destroying that great evil, and which will bring about the re-waaMTform so imperiously required by society.'ake care to tell us that this nomination cannot- injure their party, while it is likely to inflict • erious mischief on the republicans. The re- publican journals, on tbe contrary, labor toEverett are both respectable and able men, and about the safest that could be nominated, underexisting circumstances.As for Houston, ofu,lStirctf it latitat* of trsnitgralibc. more potent thwn p«t<¥ P? <» or sectional XH1 JAPAHEBE EMBAS3T,MfeFcr »be U*t quarter of a century there egttat on nutitste to ».*»•• *• • remt aec-fcuritrybanreceivedanunusualIrrpetus,monicatioo. Demagoguesmayagttav. ^* *••*•**ereranj.Uesmiia.a.ITdrr bate bun periodr, occurticg from tfcne tiom *f tbe country togMfter, . " * *• "tbe reward which awaits industry everywhere; conKnt himself with the semi-civilized pro- upon tbe subject.all theee have contributed to enrich the emi vinces of Turkey, its European provinces toTheaiUtts sccompaajtng the EmMasy are oocsUntt/be given to Greece to build up a great State,have gathered here, and encouraged them to furthermore, to reconstitute Poland as an inde- tercsting matters wLich have me', th«lr eye, linse laeirgrantB of former years, and they have sharedThey perform tbeir work with great accuracy aad skid. with their kindred at home tbe abundance they whose capital would be Constantinople, and Tcey bave alieaoy several skttch becks fluel wub mpendent kingdom; tbe Prussian to cede the Crrartf.re from Japan.brain, and the willing spirit, untrammelled by Grand Duchy of Posen to Poland, and the pro- They bave received BOvisiters to day, preferriag to revinces on the left bank of the Rhine to France; mala quttt. It will take tbem several days to reoorerfrom the fatigue incident to their lorg joaraer The hessh the Austrian to sell Yenetia to tbe Italians, of the entire party ooatiBoes good.HuDgary to the Hungarians, and Gallicia to ataxy pertote are seeking adai&rkm to the President's tbe Poles, in order to save the rest of her ter- reception of the Japanese; hat I tuuerauad thai urita- ritory. The French captain alone, of all tioue will only he extended to foreicn aUaistors, Secreta- these amateur diplomats, declined to ac- ries, heads of Depattmenta, Senators and men.hereof U>»rangements are resolved that they shall not he diaap poto ted.The Japanese are highly pleased with their quarters at WiUard'a Hotel, they can enjoy ail the exciosireoess to which they are aoeastomad in their own country, havtaa their own cooks aad servants, aad their own kttcaaa aad. cooking utensils.They received BO visiters to day, keeping c'oselr to their apartmerU Neverthelesi they appeared pleased with the motley erewd assembled under their windows, sad presented quite frequently their smuhaf countenances. Y esterday sveaing they pre wanted the police from driving these curious aawricaa sightseers away, and amused theasaelres by throwing their native coin assogst them to he scrambled for.4,914 author, M. About, wrote tbe celebrated bro- Large numbers of ladies aad gentlemen paid theirAll this sounds uncommonly like what tbe French would call a mauvais plaisanterie. Tbe joke is, in fact, too serious to make any one 4,532 laugh. It will be recollected that its professed2,148no platform. In that very fact consists " from Jan. 81 to Feb. 29 „ 1.417 chure on Rome and Roman institutions, which respects to them and begged a card wrtttoa iatherevolutionaryrepublicansoftheNorth,and IrelandThat immigration should have received suchthe revolutionary fire eaters and secessionistsof the South. On the whole, viewing the horo-scope of the political heavens, we think the And the remainder from all otber countries.political agitations and troubles. They are jfcwelry.launched to test tbe current of public opinion, Tbe piano was an objtct o'. great curiosity The searos and to ascertain bow far it is prepared for the «( hstmory was a mjatery to them, but they s c e a e inomination of Bell and Everett is good, and that it may turn out highly important in its bearing on the two great parties of the day, and on the interests of the country, at a crisis in its history without a parallel since the founda,- tion of the governmentTUE STKOXG MIKDKD WOMEN ON DIVORCE.—The discussion at the Women's Rights Conven-tion, on Friday last, reminds one of the ex-cesses of tbe dames de la hoik in the first FrenchRevolution. The confusion of ideas, the dis- mon sense of tie people, must continue to regard of decency and the violence of lan- grow brighter and brighter as time goes on.Postmaster of New York unless be devotes alarge portion of his time to political manage guage which marked tbe one equally distin- Immigration is a source of wealth and anand jealousies. He disclaims interested mo- stives, and wants nothing for France. It will beout from the shoulder, would clean the whole nation oat Presents pour to npon the Japanese from all quarters( aad the people seem determined that their stay ef amonth shall be as pleasant as possible.Wm, C Zantzfnger, Flag Secretary to CoramodoralaeQaney, of tbe Home Squairon, who to BOWhare, is a great favorite wttn the Japanese, aad has been lavttsd by them to stay with them during their vise.THE COINS OF JAPAN.We were yesterday shown several Japanese ottos, rement and party organization. The result is that the minor duties, which, as the world now goes, are the public ones, are left to subordi- nates, and what subordinates cannot do is left undone.The evil dees not stop here, though it ia evi- dently grave enough at this point Besides the demand upon his time, the professional politi- cian has far greater ones npon his purse. Free social intercourse, wines, dinners, suppers, and treats inmimeruble costly as they are, are the leatt of these. Officious friends, political in- struments and hangers-on, men whose goodguish the other. In reading some of tbe omen of growing prosperity. Millions of fer- found, nevertheless, that as often as matters speeches delivered on this occasion, it is diffi- tile acies in the West await but the touch of reach a settlement be will come in for histhat a misfortune bee befallen Mr. Fowler, tbethe different democratic headquarters are quite| troubles of Grand Sachem Fowler, ead t with tt, as i*tnoval of Mr. Stouthere-©onft>uratams of a Japanese dieaiMar lo the one last described. diS>jrmf #aly to the feet \nattt»ofailver,andtoa skasc. two larger. The tsr%Untitled DocumentTotal.30,304 was dropped as scon as the Holy Father's posi.Germany Englandfrom Feb. 29 to March 31 from March 31 to April30 from April 30 to May 15„ 4,158 did so much injury to the cause of the Papacy. Japanese characters, which are exhibited, hi oooaeettoa 6,055 with the t'cgular coin, as trophies and mementoes of this ,7,080 For this work a sham prosecution was instituted interesting occasion. Already the men about tows have against him by the French government which attached Japanese coin to their watch chains, ia token aftheir Importance and influence with those In authorty. There it one peculiarity In this reception, snd that to that the Japanese inquired tne oeoupe*ton of the raatora,their strength. Tbe absence of a platformis the greatest of platforms in the present criti-cal condition of tbe country; for it opposes theagitation of the slavery question, the pabulumof all the politicians and demagogues, North and Should the immigration continue for the re- tion was felt to be hopelessly damaged. It ismainder of this month at the above rate, thetotal for May would be nearly 15,000, or half now generally believed that the book their salary, whether aaanied, and numerous other ques-South, and the only source of danger to theUnion. It is this which, above all other things,will commend the candidates to the great miss of as much as for tbe entire preceding six months. tion from an imperial source. gave satisfactory evidence that they are making observa- conservative voters, who are heartily sick of Of these immigrants there were from—*.>Europe has reason to dread the appearance tions for the btnefll of their countrymen at home. With 10.230 oftheeeliteraryrocketsinitspoliticalatmoe theladiestheywerelessparticular. Theysmiledupon7,334 them most benignly, and were profuse in their admira 2,871 phere. They are the certain precursors of fresh tion; as tbey were mltute in their examination of Uw«rreceived, like the present pamphlet, its inspira tions, ail of which were wrttton en their note books, saaan unwonted impulse at the present moment isdue to the fact that we were never so pros fresh schemes which have been matured in the never to tire of it. Card writing becanu quite a bore,perous or had so much money aa now. Rising,like the fabled Pbcenix, from tbe financialimperial brain. The programme described above is an extensive one, but it should be re- membered that it is in a great measure experiand one of tbem, after ccmpljlng with the request of a * 1,200 ck rk to write his name in Japanese, oa being ap plied to by another to nil ap half a dos«n cards ts the same manner, polled out a small poeketbock, aad after aoifaster of 1857, the country has completelyreeovered Itself, and presents to day a picture mental. It says more than is meant, and sup hasty inspection, ejaculated «« Tired!'' Of course tt>of unexampled prosperity, which, unless the presses more tbsn is expressed. The policy ofLouis Napoleon has never been direct aggres- in the present crisis of the country's history sion and conquest. His is a surer system—that shall triumph over the conservatism and com of continually embroiling the other Powers, inschemes of political demagogues and agitatorsindustry to make them blossom like a garden;per centage, just as be did in tbe affair of Nice and Savoy.cult to believe that the speakers were f e m a l e s -still less, females with a fair share of education.How they could, with unblushing cheeks, utter immigrant, towns and cities spring up, thein a public assembly the sentiments attributed forest and the wilderness are redeemed for despatch received from 'Norfolk, Virginia, yes- to tbem, we are at a loss to understand. civilization, and new Territories and States are terday, that a bark has just arrived there fromand, following on the footsteps of the hardyAfter all, however, these poor, demented gathered into the fraternal embraces of the Bordeaux, with a cargo of wines, silks and spectively representing the value of eae hundred dcinre, daughters of Eve are more to be pitied than Union, building up a nation which in three fancy goods for tbe Southern market. We pre- twenty dollars, six dollars, two dollars, three shlUiags,quarters of a century has equalled in popula-aad two cento, which have just been reserved. AU of these are curiosities of a rare character, aad Indicate the progress and enterprise of a people who, If they haveblamed. Their infatuation is but the offshootof the fanaticism which, in'the various forms of Communism, Fourierisrn, Spiritualism, Free- the globe.Loveism, and Niggerism, has set so many of our GOMKUNICATION BETWEEN THE ATLANTIC AND event of some importance, as tbe opening of some of their arts are concerned, are nearly, ttion and power some of the oldest empires onsume, from tbe fact that this incident has beenmade tbe subject of a special telegraphic ruessage, that tbe Norfolk people consider the been heretofore accredited as semi-barbarians, so far asclerks were satisfied.Our citizens w e hi a positive state of excitement, all th*ladies are dying to be introduced to these Onenta a. TSaar small stature Wthe subject of constant remark, sad givte rise to many amusing remarks. One of the "fancy'' said,order that be may profit by their differences with the air ot a wise aaan, that toe Beaicia Boy, stnxiagDIRECT SOUTHERN TRADE.—We perceive, by aedge m milted, but to a style entirely different frost Acne Oapi. Brooke, of the steamship Kangaroo; a Dorsad* rlcaa coins, being of a more figured and ornamental eha.«• »'wia. at&'iZ£?i£2i:atampeo wah figures correspondiog to vhair vatae.are stoppicg at thethat the entire surface appears as if a h*d bean shsaeec rugaltd m a anaphase, the thickness sf the osta being pr«~ serrac so uniformly that a pair of ealiipsrs passed everMr. W H. Louis, of the United States army, and Taeo thefacesfthe niece certain Japanese charactersof the voj age, to be seat a* aan Praaetaoa fey * » pony express, and tataes to Japaaaccompanied by a translationbusy taking every object of interest presented to teem.* •** latelycreateda stamped,betasatesbeingcoveredwitht' myskirlsua www.fultonhistory.com 