 *mmr%laago No s—Linoom boye waking upN ojoag* *»• >~ ' *•* m ^ ^ R ^ g ,i Ho. 1—Ito atnM **) k— tesjudge No. a-Poch* soak! Sssfern f N M toft sutogdMtarwill*>U»BMsssasI n & »got tootheflax of so t a t awof the famuag population of Ohio a* •atnralSy bring, willBttte auoattos. l e a s e just sive wheat g)own on tto in his own toaguege hisdo yoo WeateiA. Grand Itof * tolt of land about Toledo, our crop lastan entire failure, for tto last five have bad tod luck. At one time tto frost, aweevil. or some ottor cussed thing. We farmers have poor until new that wa otmld hardly pay our bills, an* as for an extra frock or bonnet tto wife or tto gala, we couldn't do it, unless wo ran into debt at tto •NOW, 6od, ive a better show. At a dollar a bushel, we Ohiowith lower order of poli-ef the OisassmM ea Resohittoaa. which Hall, w e n of lively interest. The firstby a young aad aspbriag peUsi- CnwiBing to submit to ita eathe reading, tto corn-greed to recommend it on me strength of to* as of the j oang gentleman's friends that iytoveredall the ground necessary.The resolutions of Haideman, appointing him sole executive officer of tto destinies of tto party were attached to the address. They wen laid on the floor without re- ceiving even a moment's coasidsntion. .Qaito an eanltomrnt nasi threatened. when CoLof NorthumberUad, sppaaad areeotutioncandidate for Governor, Mr. Foster, on she gruwad that that gentleman was sitting on tto fence and wee reported to favor the fusion movement. Several members arose aad implored Mr. Painter net to throw thjis firebrand. Should the endorsement of Mr. Foster be omitted by the Dough*8r M nothing efMat Basse ef Oweasms* Tto Lrverpoo! Dsflythat the governmentof tto Galway line nailThe Bourse is hat, with-but little 1 closed at sat. She, or twenty acta*MylVof hie mouthGtoe*the Sourer of Bit Pomer—Debate ta the Committee of immediate action: they desired that ttoyou •••, Judge, what Besnett asyiSsvasts ISDUXA DisrsjCT.—Tto Douglasitce of tto were made by W. C. Athey and J. Wright. Many persons Seventh district of Indiana have nominated D. W. Voor- in t t o neighborhood opposed t t o erection of t t o note, tot toes, a renegade Bachanaaite. fur Congressman. J. G. at first there was so indication of aa attempt to disturbor aa • •••ad aahecritore; at thoja•»iili —*»itarrintMM >w>okor six thousand M M , to filled ttot lohasbookNo.2wasBitot. teas bookNo.3, Mo. 4 * torn* rnpi<ty Sited. He tot now circutetiou, and aew M M pouringevery <day. Th* to aTact respect-On fee morning of the 27th (yesterday) the mpubli cans hoisted tto Amurloan flag asd tto party ensign bearing the names of Linsoln and Hamlin. At half past three o'clock t t o Prince William Cavalry, Cast. Thornton commanding, entered the village, and ranged themselves in tto neighborhood ef ths pole. They s e n followed .by a company of about forty strong, under assssetofi ef Captain Fitzhugb and Major Carter, who, paying no attentionwhatevertothehorsemen,quietly formed inahollowthto companyJanney advanced to the captain or toe troop of horse and claimed protection fer his property, upon which tto pole stood.At the'word of command, James W. Jackson, of Fair-Due law li •uawimiiiii will take place to-morrow night, heaeed by a strong Beugtea man. CoL J. W Fitch former- ly United states W****"' muter President 'Pierce, and wbo aow detain tun lewure to the raising of fast bones and geltJig up steam for Douglas.right all round.The proceedings of thebefore hand.An address had been p<adopted, proper officers sel<ventson were all cooked upred, a series of resolutions and all the work farmeda e r y of ground.•standfromunder!•"' andthepolecametotheto*s wrinkle aptoys fitfully about hat lips.a dollar now, sad can therefore sot only pay our debts, but giro custom to tto rJuly o/ltoof flat toawatoa Ut- Of tWtoW""-'rroloVSMRSstandard by thousands aad support Mr. Breckinridge. CoL Pjtmmt said ta tad opposed tto recommendation ef Mr. Foster until to tad declared himself, because to thought the frienda of Douglas w a n willing to meet tto battle boldly, and were careless of victory unless it was a triumph of principles. Aa his suggestion bad causedao much apprsniiiaihin, however, to would withdnw it~ to the West thait may wellup aa estimate of hai popularityn•areextremely active. called the .V afteaei , of whicii about are pied. Brecklsri teV* • aa great a Ctevetoad, it to alleged.fax, a stalwartfirst blow. Otton followed, redoubling stroke on stroke. from tto yard of Palmer Brothers. Jarrow, near Newoaathe north-CaOeblOOfoat.Let us glance at tto political condition of some of the The reaomtions moat tally indicate the silly andInstantly the crowd gave three cheers, when the repub- licans responded by •Three cheers for Hamlin." All were quickly at work on the fallec pole, end to less time than It takes to tell it was chopped up. and tto pieces carried on. The sag was sent to Brentsville.So soon as the flag pole! was levelled, Captain Fitzhugb ordered " about face," (and his company marched off, saluted as they went by mingled jeers and applause.During t t o evening there was some excitement, personal rencontre took place between Colonel Brewner and Joseph T. Janney, in which the totter was consider- ably injured. The crowd cleared away during tto evening, and at sundown all waa kuieUThe republicans eay they still put up another pole on tto same site. .torthweatern counties in t * w , and their probable phase ic November next.egotistical intentions of thi Harrisburg politicians who had the matter in charge, vfter reaffirming, approving ai^d endorsing in the manner, they conclude w:UiAsirraar-a Cor.vrr.—This coon*; is a strong repobiicanscanty, tisdtfinga resides tort, tad although to was in Uie modest request ^espec y modest as an emanationf;ted by U»e people to stay at hotae at the last election, the sourtv ;t nevertheless drt-tdt'^-ij abortion. Ashta hula *.-.. give Linoum four fifths or all the votes cast, the balance being about equally d.vidtd between Douglas and nreckiuridge.from tto pen of Haideman himself), "requesting R. J. Haideman, of Harraburg. aa a member of tto NationalDemocratic Committee, to exercise the entire power rested in him by that committee, and form a pure elec- toral ticket pledged to vote for lvugtas and Johnson." AS a specimen of bold impudence, and a daring attemptL**x Cocvn —This county wjll give a small majorityfer I-incoln. Tto Breckinridgei aim Douglas tickets will at the poasessioh of tto ie man power," this move-and astand thus —1. Breckinridge S. Douglas. Tto difference enfl set he 'vary tores.meet is equal to, if it ymir own Albany Regencynot exceed, the Ichnmea ofeqoaUy divided between B r a c k a ^ i g ^ a n d Dooglas. day were old democrats, o - i i s x u (Gfewalaad)—Tto .wdi go tor Lin- the parry—who bad wieast, out the s i n of Oeveiaad is d o u b a ^ United, tto during the youth of ttotowould cling till death to too many severe crises to be intimidated byof the country newspaper style of 'running up tto flag.' The committee thvti returned to the convention and re- ported a series of resolutions, which were adopted at theevening session of the convention.Among t t o unsuccessful amendments was one offeredby Haideman, authorizing t t o president oftion to appoint an executive committee of two from each Senatorial district to communicate in a spirit of concilia- tion the preceding resolutions to the State Committee to meet at Creaaen. and request it to rescind ita former action. Should it sot do ao, then the aaid committee shall be authorized to summon a new convention, re- convene the old Beading Convention, er purify the elec- toral ticket.During t t o debate quite -an excitement was created by tto declaration of a Mr. Chase, of Luzerne county, a mem- ber of the State Democratic Committee, that as a Douglas man he was opposed to any action, or any alteration of t t o electoral ticket formed by t t o Beading Convention, until that ticket has been mutilated.This declaration was received with cries of "order,'* "it has been mutilated," A cAt eleven o'clock this pack of Bunabys adjourned tsaedte.Ax IxDKPtanajrt PansTORBBacxnraroas.New Ysark Sixty-Six leaves Ago. TO TBS EDITOR OF THI BBBAI.D.I landed in New York on the loth of June, 1794, after,Laing's New l a r k Gatette stated, a short passage efasssiu i at j can heat tto repdb men are rallying all their anyhow. Cnmwsn Housettusg, sympathise with tlthe present spasm m its were indisposed to break shared in their victories, lowers of Jackson—ttoI—county leaders who those who hare so long treat aa enemies true fdl- y guard of tto State demo- general sentiment prevailingas'- A report reached here to-night, through parties whowere at Occoquan yesterday, that'tto greatest excite-ment prevailed at that place when they left; that severalrepublicans bad been attacked, and severe fights resulted. faith of that contract: that tto ships were to coat overwill itaad by Dongam. Tto dssaberatirj organisations m eracy.thai region are of a wretched esasripuon—dwpirited, die There seemed to be a that they could not standOne statement is that Mr Janney, a Bell and Everett man, —an eld aettter to Virginia, a large property holder, and tto owner of the land whose the liberty pole was erected—£100.000 each, and that tto company were prepared, both in vessels and financially, 11 carry out their mail contract to tto tetter. He also atotodtthat, while other packet companies had, in more thanfour cases oat of five, toeswith ahve and pay oar i Mats. We are golttng mora men, tto democracy of tto Stoto would desert theirDavis a the present representative of that district. DOCULAS AT A CLAS BASS—Senator Douglas, it ia aaid, will visit Rhode Inland next week, arriving at Provi- dence hy the Worcester tram on Wednesday evening, August 1. He will stop in that city over night, making a little speech before retiring, and on Thursday to will attend an " old fashioned clam bake at Oakland Grove, Nayatt Point, ou tto Narraganaett Bay, stopping at tto grove for that purpose en his way to Newport, the clam take being got up exclusively by his political friends. Itis expected that Me. D. will speak at the dam take. Axezssx CHAacs.-_Tto Leavenworth (Kansas) Dupaich, which fer three weeks had up tto Douglas nag, has takenit. The republicans when spokes to an tto sub- ject answered, "That t h e n was no one to the country who dared to touch, tto pole there w e n men enough to defend it," he. On one occasion an old resident of tto neighborhood was assaulted because be declared that the pole was a nuisance,and on another threats were made to rate span*a rail a gentkman living sear by, because to had spoken Southern sentiment* freely in Occoqnan. This raised much feeling in the neighborhood, and at a meeting at Brentovilto, some time about tost Court, it was agreed that the Sag was an insult to fee people of Virginia, and incendiary in t t o object it was raised to promote, and should to torn down on Friday, tto 27tb day of July.The Moderate Parly Corned the Day— The matt Central CbawatttK Asked to Take the Back Sttp—A Cut at Formey—HaldmaA't Plant Reject-ed, 4k.About two hundred indrvtdrnki ssfmbled at tto State this aftemoot, under a call issue! by B. J. Haide- , a politic mn of ttot toroagh asm a member of the National Executive Committee, ta connection s m l l minority ef the members of tto Skate Executive Committee l'ssiasal at Hartabarg. It was the intention of M M — and the ottor setf-coaetitnted leaden to throw over ttot meeUng a cover of regularity, s a d then force it to take some definite action—laboring under the impression that their call would to acknow- ledged only by men of ttoir own kind, and that the Con-vention weald be composed of ready dopes who would follow any coarse if led on with the cry of "No com-Your readers will hear in saladCommittee appointed at -the Beading Convention, which selectedttodelegateatottoCharlestonConvention,nomi- nated electors sad a candidate fer Governor, tad at their meeting in Philadelphia recommended a union of efforts by both wings of the democratic party, and tod directed their chairman to obtain pledgee from all tto electors that they weald, ifjekcted, cast their vote in accordance with the agreement of the committee. This action aroused the liouglasites and kicked up a breeze generally amongst the followers of the "Little Giant," from Forney down. To show the friends of Breckinridge, and Senator Bigier ining should anaahwaw an electoral ticket, t h e friends of Douglas wanted a ticket before them which they could support. The Convention now inof choosing a tree Douglas electoral ticket aa a delegate convention would be. We have had enough State Con- ventions, and a* they are attended with muchthey should to aa few aa possible. Ottor members were dee irons of a more moderate course of action. Let this meeting or convention nominate an electoral ticket la op- position to that nominated at Beading, and we role our terns out of tto democratic organization. We are not yet able to decide between tto friends and opponents of Mr Douglas on t t o present electoral ticket, and ht chang- ing it we might be striking some of oar own friends.it down and placed the Breckinridge and Lane banner in Intelligence of thto determination soon reached Occo-stilldenied that t t oa legal existence.State Convention. and shoald be respected. They should to requested to rescind their resolutions when they meet at Ci awe 1 in August, and then if they refuse we may take more determined action.•.The voice of moderation prevailed, and a resolution was incorporated protesting against tto action of tto State Committee hi recommending a fusion ticket, and demand ing ttot at the meeting of tto said committee at Creasan, on tto 8th of August, It shall rescind ita action of tto 21 of July, and proceed to interrogate the electors if they arepreparedtovoteforDouglas andJohnson:andif any vacancies occur in tto ticket they atoll call a Convention of t t o democratic party. .Should the committese refuse to do this, the Oouglas memben thereof shall then form and constitute an Executive Committee, with power to call a State Convention, to meet on or before the 28th of August next.The remaining difficulty which presented itself to the minds of some of tto timid memben of tto committee was tto apprehension that the State Executive Committee would consent to rescind their farmer action and call a State Convention, when the Breckinridge men might get the ruling power and their ticket be approved according to tto usages of the party. This idea was scooted at by the blustering members of the committee; but those who suggested it replied that as they could not yet count their strength, they should not expose themselves un- necessarily.An unkind cut at Forney and others of the editorial fra- ternity was attempted in the shane of a resolution de- claring that no newspapers, other than those which boldly place at the head of their columns the names of the nvniineea, shall be considered as speaking authoritatively for the democratic party.A member of the committee suggested that Mr. Forney might consider this an attack upon him, as he had, in adopting a metropolitan system of newspaper publica- tion, declared that his paper was independent and the tool of no man.Mr. VACX (who has probably not forgotten Mr. For- ney's attack on him when be first entered the Douglas party) said if Mr. Forney refused to publish a party organ, of course he could not be said to apeak authorita- tively. . ,A member hoped there would be no further discussion on this point.t.ain^i COCXTS.—Three-ttftto of tto vote of this countywill ho gives fkr Ltaeoln. The balance win be nearly urg B^geory, the men w assembled at tto Capitol to real and open support of Douglas instead of the adoption:t a in any otter tort of tto State particular, that they would sot follow the lead of any suchif Qb.o bat to toe* not receive tto support of toe party, B. J. Haideman, tto Pennsylvania .member of the t, which to great it t h s stctioa. Tto Ger-tie, and the largest steamer ever built in tto Tyne. She will unquestionably be a great favorite with passengers. The vast amount of emigrant frame from Ireland bythe commercial steamers of the Galway line, and the com- plete change in the position of the other great steam lines, by giving them porta of call at (fneeostown and Londonderry, show that the Irish traffic to of large com- mercial importance. Here is a country standing as th • ontport of Europe, and directly between the island of Great Britain and America, and where every steamer—at toast every one from the western ports, Liverpool and Gtoagow—must make a detour to avoid tor. Here to a country comprising one substac ttol fcurth of the United Kingdom, and one third in amount of American correspondence, and its com- mercial and geographical position has been persistently and systematically ignored for more than twenty years, while mail steamers have been set on foot from the vari- ous ports Of England, but which for postal purposes are every way inferior to Galway. The Common* committee on packet asd telegraphic contracts baa made ita report with the minutes of evidence, and a substantial Blue Book it to. A supplement is to appear to a tow weeks, with tto concluding portion of the evidence and an appendix of documents on the subject. Mr. Harvey Lewis, the Chairman of the Attonti: Roya' Mail Company, in hie testimony before the committee tost week, stated that Mr. Lever, the founder of the Galway line, bad jEiao,- 000 ($6X0,000) of paid up shares in tto company, sad that the contract for building the ships waa made after the government contract was signed, and entirely on themaaeare tto teases tody of foreign voters, and a majo- Douglas National CommitteeL called this Convention to re-rity at taeaa wfll go tar Douglas. Ttot is setttoL A pcdiate the actitn of the mmittee, and to set thingsBut, unfortunately forattempt to build up a Harris-The resolution was finally modified so as to require thedisgraceful lb a gnat party. Gray, among tto country politickeeps tto concern in working order a division of then- forces d that this intestine waref ads quia ani humorous sssistaaes of would tear from their Ward, fCtortta 6. Brown, Esq., for- and trust which they ,) oae of the wfttuest characten of tto rights They reportedall the positions of power come to consider as birtb- their constituents even Mr. Douglas—were away from tto party dr- iest they were being a s - recent coarse of Forney'si > waa brutally assailed and beaten because he asserted that excused from and had failed to commence tteeerviceon the day appointed in their contracts, not the slightest indul-U»*rs»Cor!»TT.--Ttoteoungy •ceaswnnny goes demo- eratK At Ito • asset Usae, howeeer, it • uncertain which aide wdl wav, tot Ito chanceslead in favor of Lincjm, ow- ato the itaiiiiiiiisliiir dtoraptioa. i Tto second on tto hat1 he Beagles, fepscktorUfe third.Bam CacstT will give a toaay majority for Lmooln.Douhtful heiwean Th wik im Mlgs s srl sfestop• ao MhrHtaod that a Ucket for Bell and Everett,and Stockton, will be run in either of ef Ohio.a saacaLvamaa aa cxwunxwi CAsmnuafMajor Bawhaaa, ef leatsap j J a la town, shumiat at•yof a•an unwilimgUea only at tto orgsa. soiiciial have h*ea so at tto itoa of hatthose who most earnestlyfearful lest they were brgaaiaation, and were snapled hy designing men.Prm, in threatening to the cold shoulder on Mr. Fester. their candidate for Governor, unless to came oat flatfooted against the fusn resolutions of the Slate Execu- tive Committee, bad sent thrill through the old guard of the sMmatani regions, of whom it has been said they would anemia t t o devil hto bad tto right to declare his own principles upon his own homestead, esd to j permit others to exercise their rights within his own grounds if it pieaasd him to do ao.•'i IICity lstelliarestee.CBRSAL PASK SW ASSf-H. B.gence was granted to this company, and the government and Post Office would not even permit the aerv ce to open with the Parana a fine paddle steamer belonging to the West India Royal Mail Company, and which the Galway Company had chartered. Tto fact is, t h e n has been every conceivable means resorted to Within t t o pahPof tto tow and official precedent, by Lord Pabssrstos'h government, backed up by the Liverpooltoaa, to brean tte Lever line at the outset; aad now even the London Times admits that feat contract, as well aa tto extension of Canard's, most remain as theycratK ticket. These facts oeedings of tto body. sad ancb more politic and expected from aoThe meeting pnoaatativea shortly called to order by Mrferii his authority, toadopted by the National ing heat at Washingtondf if to was on t t o leino- ttoir influence on tto pro- result ef its deliberatwas is inatory than could tore beenconsul for Hamburg, baatto Central Park of the receipt of a communication fromthe Senate of ttot city. expressing a willingness to com- are til! 1887. Beyond tto government and local opposi-of Ow demaaane party ahotUd be [preserved insect agshtat open as well as secret eaasstssef ito oananiuaon and Uw Lawo.andthat it is therefore eaassasssspfed to the several Mtate ComaUt tees that they take •eanires m secure Om adoption of an else uwal debet tethatr pgasatjw Bkates pledged to the uneqm rooal snpaert to the aomiaeea of the Kwttoaal Deaoeraticii any SUM Onsawiitiea shall cPf*f?|h<JT•etuber ofttm coaunitiee Si Unc Suue is here by auiaonaed, meoajuoetioii with th* members of thassaatCemmitteau r k r h s M i act. to taha.saehaestaa astoaaay *ary and proper tor that piHe risissad that to bad never stissnntsil to use in any which rightfully belongs to tto Natwaal Democrat;. Committee. He had done no- bat request a end! national democrats to meet in cil, sad bad deae that under the cotor of the StateCAawuttee aad Siaim orgaauaation. It has been said, even hw ao high a peneaagejaa the President of tto United ic nomineea. If such isthe beads of ttoiy we gag rivet them again and save ttoare say ia this country who thinkttomserves like to iaakws, **Thaa fer, ptead waves, shaltgo, aad ao further.'' we wiD answer t t o ; thecratic parvy.to ttsoBtionaiorganimtwn, is as oneaa^uerehle as were tto waves that dhmbeytd Canute.toRecognizing all principles hostile to tto doctrine of equality, or of equal protection, to be erroneous aad fatal alike to th) South and tto Union, we can do no less than to oppose them. Believing that Breckinridge and Line a n the only exponents of these principles, we deem it tto duty of ail who would see them adopted as tto policy of the country to abandon their old associations and rally under one common banner, on whose folds are emblazon ed the glorious motto—"Justice, Equality and Union."body.tto ball of the House of Re- three o'clock P. M., and was HALDBXAX, who g a v e a la- the matter. He derived the following raantutkmBve Committee at a 2ath of Jane, viz.—U , G e . , XHajwfcA has dottedfor Breckinridge and Lane.nouncement of his decision as follows —plete Ito original number of swans for tto Central Park. SHOCKISG Atxasssr WHILST BATHDK;.—Yesterday fore-noon . a tod, between i tune asd ton yean of age, named John Leeson. wept est to bathe to the Bast river. aad came to contact with, it is supposed, a large sharp stone, and it made such an tochuon to the abdomen aa caused tto bowels to come oat. Very fortunately Police Officer George Kabourns (No. 110) happened to to near Where tto hoy whs in the river, and at once proceeded to the relief of the unfortunate tod. and had him imme- diately conveyed ito the City Hospital, where prompt air tention was paid him by Dr. A. T. Bell, who at firsttion to the Galway project, since tto line from that pert has assumed its just proportions as a first class concern,, every measure that malice, envy asd covetous ambition could suggest has been resorted to to deprive the founder of the credit offounding the line, and if poeeible to de- stroy his political and commercial reputation. AS thto has given Mi. Lever a heavy amount of labor aad responsibility. besides his duties aa member of Parliassst and director to three or four railway aad steamshipcom- panies. Mr. Lever regrets very much that his very nume- rous duties will not permit him to visit New Yorkimme- dtetery, tost I believe it a his intention to do so soon after t t o adjnuruaaont of Parliament, in August or Sep tenter, to the first voyage of one of tto sowstosaasrs.Some of these details are of a aomewhat p e n « ^ «**; ranter. but ttoy have s e^^Jatm^X^l^L to£ getting up stosesebae lines sad maUlj»»«f« ^ * t greatcommercial country to not t t o easiest thing i s tta>Resolutions were then adoptedthe principle of nan intervention withoutThe subject of emriIBSIul Several members of the10 000 balee, including 4,000 onpart; the sales of the two days (Monday and Tuesday) i 25,140 balee, at pricea showing ao change from tost ws Trade to generally healthy asd spamtotton to iThe fine weather a n t favorable traffic a beneficial influence on t t o StocConsols closed on tto evening of tto 17th into at S3 •» sss*.There waa a good demand for mossy at tto task iOCB LOSSOS OOSSSTONTSWCS.LOXDC*, July 7, lass.The Qualities of fee New SSSSSSS Ikr Builder*—Im- portance of the Galway Line to Qmmerix—Superiority of Galway at a Station- Stport of the Hmm of Cmmmtna Ctoimtaaf• • QtoSM Stock of the Ctosjassfi FanaStst At- temptt to Break fee Line Up—MnUae Towards Mr., Later—Bit Intended Visit to New Fern—Cmard assT Lever, c c , dec-I send you this letter by tto first new mai steamer of tto Lever line from Galway, theConnanght, a steamer that inaugurates a newmail aarvtoe between Gnat Britain asdAmerica. Before thto arrivea you will probably b a s s tto Great Ewatora with yoo.so yon will hanatorgs amount of novelty aad great interest ia t t o arrival of these distinguished strangen. I shall hazard nothing in saying that I believe you will find t t o Cunnaught one of the finest ocean steamers ttot ever passed Sandy Hook. Whatever merits she may have, the Americana are connoisseurs to everything retoung to steamships, and will give the Ccnnangnt her due meedthey argued, it cannot to State Executive Committeet t oabandonmentof thaiplan.It was organised by t t oSffcsrao FOR BswOTntiDGK.—Wesley Halliburton, of Lias county, Me., and 1. G. Freeman, of Polk, both Pre- sidential electon, have taken tto told for Breckinridge and Lane.Parana is Loosuxi.—The New Orleans Delta gives a list of twenty-two democratic papers in Louisiana that have come out for the Breckmridge ticket, aad three fer that of Douglas.Bnacxaatmai ra lowa.—A large sad enthusiastic meet- ing of tto national democrats of the city of Dubuque. Iowa, was held on Saturday evening, Jury "I, at tto Court Hoass, fer t t o ratification of the nomination of Hon. John C Breckmridge aad General Joseph Lane fer the offices of President sad Vise President of tto UnitedStates.RATIOS Ssnas as « s Lrmx MAaicux—We find ttofollowing in tto Memphis (Tenn.) Avalanche —That arch traitor Martin Van Buren, who in 1S46 ahan-doaed ha party and joined tto free aoden, deciares him self mfevsrof ato election of Doaglas. U was fit that he should do so,membered the negro plot, the hanging of twelve pirates. aad doctors' moo in 1794 The Oswego market stoodto Maiden tose, one sad resting oa Broadway. place in tto body at two o'clock, at which time the ae-#• V t t s t WSbP«BB*nDxsocaaxic JOCUXAUS.—Tto Ctarssl then are to tto State sf South Carolinaffc^WMShMfWrTft SaSfil fta^aBaV O f aateflaWfoot of ptor No. 1 North nver arrived to safetto Boasination ofits neutrality The"editor concludesbuilding; it occupied t t o apace between Cedar andframes streets, fronting on Broadway. (This hotel wasthe first bouse covered with slates in America,} It tonowahouaeofraerchandiae. There (in winter) were heldtto city sssrrnhlsta for music and dancing; there didcongregate the Gouverneurs and Kim'oalls. Franklins andRobinsons, Leron, Bayards and McEren, Livingstones,Setormerhorns, Lenoxes, Beekmass, Hamiltons, Tays, De-peysters. Clintons, Varices. Van Antwerps, Kips andHikers, kc. At ttot period the upper tone dwelt all be-low, and many of them to, Wail street. Then wasstanding en t t o corner of Pine and Nassau streets anold Dutch farm house, wtore dweitan aged man and his looked upon tto case las a hopeless one. Tto poor ladaaddh> m favoraparnlaitoss s d fert t o conven-nine weeks. I sailed from Lei th. near Edinburg I landedon the corner of Front street aad Gouvemeur lane, Southstreet lay on the bottom of tto river at ttot period. Iturned my thee to the south. On the foot of Broad streetstood the Merchants Exchange it was built before theRevolution; now it to occupied for a market of beef,fish and cabbage on tto ground floor, and tto upper storywas occupied with a museum, kept by Johnny Baker. \don t think that Barnum was out of bed that morning. Ttomerchants aow test their Exchange in the City Hotel,on the north comer of Wall and Water streets. On ttoeast corner of exchange and Broad streets stood ttoPaulas Hook (now Jersey City) ferry house. On tto eastcorner of Wail asd Broad streets stood tto only watchhouse then in the city Tto City Hall stood where nowstands tne Custom House. Then were only two banksin the city, viz: tto Bask of New-York, corner of Walland William streeta, asd branch of tto old United StatesBank, a few doors below. Tto first city hotel was thanThS Csios PASTY a St. Loiris,—The constitutionalUnion party of St. Louis met in Convention on the lath,and pot in nomination candidates for Congress aad ttoState legislators. Albert Todd is tto nominee for COD to Maiden lane, aad so down to tto East river. He rebeing in great agony, it was deemed requtoite to adminis-ter to him a sufficient quantity of cfatorofcrm, and procureadditional medical aid, before attempting anything m theway of aa operation These having been procured, tto BSHassssfete LETTS* nam sa. LSVBB TO CAR Ate intestines were successfully returned to their naturala brilliant victory CM***H. Teach, fish Ttosot hy diatiaction of party, and fistparty grounds. Tto Milwauaee.Veua says.—"Milwaukee S sot a iapiiHlli an aaty, and ansa tat facte thtek it fce»DoiGLAiags ass BLACK RxrcsucAXias.—.The Albany by reading tto signs of the times aad looking at the aaasaasd effect of certain events, which way the sat is about to jump. ItThe republicans not only to pay the Douglas reception on Friday n to-1 with a eompthaenitary visit on Saturday from Gov. Morgan .Tburlow Weed and ottor leading republicans. We learn from a leaky " s o f f that Mr. Weed promised to make Judge Douglas Secretary of State, provided be would keep np the fight against t t o nationals Judge D. promised to take ths offer into consideration and reportat an early day.Hon. Snvssx A. DocGLAS, accompanied hy Hon. Geo.Briggs, of New York, and one er two other gentlemen, left Saratoga on Tuesday for Lake George.Tan LsascfG Ossax or THS DKUOCRACT —The Toronto loader, to referrtog to aa article ia the Maw Toasa party of forty mas,Hfeuih on t t o urassHti of t t o Presidential election, it "the leading organ of the democracy ''caiiaIt Bsl BTMtdafl t raShf. TW •ej••••* rsMfefiWM aMafeaMsfe Sstseaasa mIsisato fern ftBhsto.French preea to say aa little ea poaalbte about Garibaldi.Every kind promises well, including fruit,Sickening details of the maaaerri er Chrtottona to Syrtebad boas received, tto general opinion was that tow Turkish authorities mm acting to connivance wife ths Druses, and that the government at Constantinople, which might have stopped tto atessstofi ea all occa- etona. toft tto Christians to then- fate.Tto following commeretol intelligence par City of Wash- ington has toes found, after oaeslasihhte trouble:—LrrssrooL, July 18, I M . Cotton in good demand ferits place.News from the ffimssn Ulead*. OCX SOMBBXBO COKKBPONDKKCE.SOSBBSSO (Guano) ISU.TD. lose 10,1860. \ Let. 18 38 N., long 83 30 W. /The Guano Trade—Sunber of Vomit SSSSgsl Fesass S» rort—Visit of the Spanish Frigate Hernanm OorUz—Ob-ject of the Vita—The Comforts of Life—Health. «tcSince my tost totter per schooner Baldwin, the ship Eastern Star, brigs St. Marys, Mary Capen and Brothers,Was. Clark aad sloop Coral ton arrived for car , which, with twenty-eight or thirty otter vessels under charter for guano from this island, render it• o b e y s play to superintend operations here.Hie island of Sombrero and ito appurtenances are of nosmall magnitude. Tto houses for officers, overseers,laborers and storea, the powder magazine, 'doable trackrailroad, cisterns (substantially built of atone and ce-ment) , lighters', tenders, iron buoys and moorings, t t ohorses,mules,carta,cars,derricks,stables,hogs, sheep.goats, fowls of nearly all kinds, asd as average of about 205 men to feed aad pay daily, show tto magnitude of t t o Sombrero guano enterprise, which few are aware of.A Spanish war steamer , t t o frigate Hernanto Cortez, with officers ami crew numbering two hundred men, has been at anchor here for the last two days. The Superin- tendent of the .slaad being absent, I offered ita hospital- ity, which was gratefully received. The exact object of their visit I do not know, nor could I positively ascertaia it, sa we w e n mutually ignorant of each other's nativetongue, and could sot therefore converse together. I in- ferred, however, from some few intelligible words, that their government had heard of this island, and had sent out this mission to ascertain whether any of the residents were Spanisli sustects. and also to report soundings, weather. xc., he. When they approached the island, and saw the large nansher of vessels waiting for cargoes of guano, and on landing noticed also the magnitude of the operations,and beyond all, when the shipping bulletins were exhibited, showing tost 110 vessels bad been freighted here wiM» guano, they were perfectly amazed. and evidently impressed with sew ideas of Yankee enter- prise and intelligence. A chart and historical sketch of the inland, togafiher with specimens of the guano and chemical reports, were presented to them. They then left for their station at St. Johns, Porto Rico, seemingly well pleased with their visit. \The jtocht Clark has just arrived from Guadeloupe, witha cargo of water (9,000 gallons). the stock on hand beingthree days supply only. «(wini: to this unusually dryoaAaaA-n ol<o t'n- *±A t*\ irat anr .iifrrirt** at *St Vfav*iri.a t\f i, she failed to get any either at St. Martins orAmj-.'ua. Our domestic comforts are as numerous, with the exception of feck of variety of vegetables, and our location is as healthy as any watering place in the ita'es.quan, end on Monday night a republican meeting was told' there to devise luaaaarai fer the defence of the flag pole. On the following morning Mr. J. C. Athey visited Washington, and sent to Go-daughter, in his ninety eighth year. He was bora'm that house; it was his father's hone*. Tto farm toy from Nassau down 1'iae street. to tto Bast river, along Nassauworld.u r n s , or THS cossACSzr, euros*Tto Almshouse asd Penitentiary stood where now stands tto City Hall; tto jail and tto gallows stood when now stands the Surrogate's office. We had only four small fire engines at thto period, asd no water tot from wooden pumps, standing on the corners of tto streets. When MM pumps gave out lines were formed from the fire to the riven; oae line passed down tto empty, tto ottor line passed np tto Backets full of sea water, the backets were made frees sole leather and held about three gal- lons; they were painted black outside, with tto name of tto street and Bomber of tto house to which they be- longed in white totters. Everv landlord was compelled by law to keep aa many buckets as there were fireplaces in his hoass, to to hang to tto psaasge as sear the front deer as poasrbto. When a s alarm was green t t o backets were all thrown to tto street, picked np by men, boys and watchmen, and carried to the lire. Next morning the carmen employed by tto corporation gathered op tto buckets aad toft them at tto bouses of the owners.GRAKT THORBURN, Sen.,aged eighsy-seven yean asd four monthsKsw HATSS, July Ml, ISM.on the body ef Joseph Bothery, a native o» Ire- Isuicide on Friday sight hyWAS BBSKBM CT.ttent was progreaamir aa favorably as could be expected,asd was feat asleep from toe effects of the chloroform.Our reporter vhdtod the hospital agate at seven octoek,teat night, asd being admitud to see the boy, asked himtow to was getting atot*. to which to replied,J" I amdotogvery wed, tod do not feel great pain," He was communtoation between Intend asd the United States, to progressing very favorably at thai time, and is likely toUntitled Documentsfffeskaf.Letcher'/Prince William Cavalryto village of Oecoqunn, vtegtoto,dows a liberty pofe erected Iry tto npusltoan*, from which Boated tto American nag, and upon which ' asses sf Lincoln asd Batons. Ttot tedajyds^rftoe Mm scene as tolOn tto 4th of July the btock;republicans of whom some sixty reside m the vicinity ofasd agreed to erect a pole to hear aloft a Sag witotteaaasesof Tilitoato aad Ifeaalrn Tto pole was ac- cordingry erected, fee following persons assisting in toeod, W. C Athey Botort Car- ts. Oliver Cnderwoed, H. W. Rrrea. J. W. MUler. William DaviB (hoy), Stephen Hammill, John Taylor, Andrew Un-derwood, Marion Grigg, T. 0. Coulter,Bives,Jr .,H. F. Duty, W .H. Johnston, T. L.John Wright, William Western, A. A. •iilaaatoii, Edward Roberts (Englishman), Tasco Harris (free negro), Jun Snyder (free negro). and Albert Hairhi (free negro).Upon the raising of the pale the note ratoen were armed with muskets, and made quite a militaryA meeting was held, at which blackTIE.IE1TmmJI~TAIevE!tinKlM!vernorterday.with certain republicans to furnish forty or fifty firearms, of approved mate, wits ammunition therefor, which were to be sent to Oocoqusa oS Tuesday sight by wagon. The despatch frost Governor Letcher, however, inducedLetcher t t o despatch which we published yes- Whilst in Washington Athey made arrangementssquarearoundwas surroundingt t opale,facingt t o pate, Mr. Joseph T.yeoman,Duringgthe lime there was no interruption, save the re- publicans and others who stood at corners near by would cry out, "Ain't your axe dull/ Hope you're having a good t|me," Ac. In a few minutes, however, there wassprangforwardand gave ttoof praise. She is an iron paddle steamer of tto tirst class,^mmmmmmmmmmE1ALD.PRICE TWO CENTS.towards.WhilstKunhardt,aotined t t o Commissioners ofF-xnosioK.—The small steamer J. C Mintarn burst tor baiter thto morning at eleven o'clock, while towing into ptor Xo. 0 Bast river canal boat A. H Phillips, severely scaldtog Geo, Walters, who was at tto total as board feecanal boat, aad blown,Mr. Jobssas, wta was picked up satefesaC ate w very old boat, and waa toe of tto ongmAl Houstonand Willtoaaburg ferry boato, as* to badly assBMfel bytto espkaton.tto ashabsafesssS of which I tan < asd for which I ton ao long ihare also to Cannes myaflairs ton will pre rest aEsq.,actingtto CsssassfeL Stone I firstto40 Ctototos t>nass, 1 Lassos, Jose 23, Mao. fBSAB Sot—I cannot allow you to tears Galway without a parting word, aad towteh you prosperity and success m ths the opening voyage of the new use of steam maJfroto accompanying yes St Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 