 , :- ; •'•' wire which'conveyed the electric flash that brought ions leading.to this result, and was thus induced tp South Carolina, and are talking boldly for secession,**the intelligence of" Lincoln's election, th e next Ln- write his letter to The Observer. The letter sustained,Fancy'"' runs another week. . Several n e w attractions are promised here, of such a nature that they cannot fail to be exceedingly interesting,.and profitable to thegation of the other, prisoners, had put the croton oil inthemilkandalso,inthesoup. Hesaiditwasnot their intention to harm any one, but that they simply» skates, to ^ id, it mayb& rror*ofa cJrit -* GovernmentJ<:xrr-va1orand! Ought Ibis *>i*-ie•andneee** DOW,HiKJj^O^a t© nvdt^i * <Or Ceo«tfa,- egpiiy—fornm- ig f>g%res*ion--. gtheGovem-«3W is xnosrfc or* peril* onght; «"•il as ratioruil d safety. Cant;wnl jve action b< wishes,and S* which havethosewhicnare ffrweafrha intofcy be disaster?*? mildphrase* igniting, toas~ saw,jutQaT>i*- t eanne. Wishon;;on tbe-^mbjeci ? - < -rolmav as a >/«aMe*^withouS;NEWI-¥^EH©AJL¥ PtlUBIJNE, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1860.wwrebeHeve wiO be found equal to, o r increasing with to which he belongs, it ft her own fault. Let Mr. that alFthe outlying Territories of the Government, so .gard.to-him, asif they bad been uttered with S ^ u l p S ^ S E y e ^ Newark, Jersey City, Flushing, j into between the Ck«troiIer-G^netaIandhis««h^^^tb© caB» of the dav o r the boar. i Lincoln go into the Presidential oflice. Let him show enormous in extent, and destined t o be inhabited byan To Mr. Appleton. Such. conduct must make .us bate..i Newhurgb- Their expenses have Deep/entirely de-, { by which t h e former agreed to pay the latter for M r IntheopeningproceedingBandthe'organizationof hishand. Lethimsaywhether,underthesolemnoh-'immensepopulation,shallboconsecratedtoFreedom; Shiverymore,andmustaddtoourmortificationthatit;•<viv'J#i,'i.,i„'.,£**i^rfci\«»ximmOn*twn&t«iserviceethesumof$2,000perannum,andthea*-the Legislative J^vereiirnty of South Carolina, as now ligation which lie must take in front of the Capitol,on that the soilshallnever be pressed by the footstep of hasprev^iledjnuongus.. Ithclongstothe^R'•;'"ther State*. tv:• i"K»J right-to e v> comity, to* v. No man has. 5«.»•*e. to endan~ k .-and honor; and we mistake his character greatly if bedoesnotinaugurateanewandimprovedsystemintheadnihiistration of the country. I t ' i s plain enough tobe,seen that, the Buchanan Administration has donemore harm than a n y that preceded i t . The Piercedynasty was bad enough- in all conscience, but not tobe compared with its successor for corrupt misdeeds.We think it may be relied on that M r. Lincoln willleave the White' House -with as much popularity a s h e restored to health. On being taken to the Hospital.'he' son in the Bowery received them eventually..'"•, tbia* Dnion. <•":-hilaa South! ?r« '_** to lookI NBOSTON.pital suffering from intermittent fever, but was nearlyBed, hex owa ft] will de- , just aa *thepresent eouraenow SCR> of Virginia,nth." cert&hx ....**JV<*»;for tbe>d*racy," totally -/huh do not rec— bv^regaardless o fjft osed t o Pisnuion a n d (^"fferntu^rit.• account of •*wn*! This ie .v,i"<s.andair our own po—n» a gt>v» -•'/(->«a.<<*«*<"••ressons which T! wboity incon*- >e£ieeri£ govern—-hallnor g,>" ••> :*av that w«* bafisbow u*.. ;- honor o r .;N"V.T. ai>*not e&IeniatAd' !rde*d,t^eprobj-- l kpvernmentnar. be more r e - ihaa So-tinem she idea which OfSouthernh>- idy to overleap -iwlf on thov wakens the Sputhern peo- • hemsehre* t o - trial. B u t , .:• x>so; rxrttlmcoln.nas been •reined in a eoc- ?.>nation durinj?,?:»;, i e t h e r e a n h i i .in. There Constitution b y>- - chat h*now rbe&ranee/itn-- Jedand:entered nder the coin-are hound ?o~ :*•••natrin^ who now exti»f*f be--aeitati>n»that' l>«?.us raihecraters.of the question. for a day, hat fc »w^ qrr««t s«sia,tones of peace, v-,. yoara^teceh&f*f>wryears - oddovocetho rv*Jow0cnt o£Conrt-House, a man named Gartrel, who had voted for.will enter it in March next. B u t there is another had in his possession $250 in gold, which he carried in For this outlay of money, wares, time, and service**viewtotakeofthisgreattriumphofrightoverwrong, abeltabouthiswaist.AdayortwosinceheWasMr.BaalonexecutedtoMr.DevoeapaperpurportingandthatiswithregardtothecoursetheSouthwill quietlycountingoverhismoney,whenhebecame tobeadraftontheHerkimerCountyBankfor$1,200, pursue,nowthataRepublicanPresidentiselected.iv:and it is impossible for them to ascertain the will of letter just receh'ed from Alabama, dated Oct. 31, I86i>:I '•V"i rs:poi&ioiipremature and'injudicious, Judge Field wished to resigning their places. A few m e n whom w e have counteract, asfaras in his power, the influence of opin- met in Congress, it seems, have mounted the stump inporation Attorney and allowing that officer to prosecute the itinerant lecturer if h e chooses. Either Falconer has the right to preach without a license on Sunday o r he has not, and that question should have been decided longago,for the manhasbeen in custody,scoresof times. T h e farce of arresting him every Sunday and having a crowd of idlers and loafers following him through the streets, is one over which the curtau* should speedily fall.FATAL FIGHT BETWEEN STSTERS.—About two weeks since. Mary and Bridget Kinney, sisters, living a t No. 246 East • Eighteenth street, g o t into a fight, during which Bridget beat Mary in u most'brutal manner. It was subsequently ascertained that Mary was so se- riously injured us to render it necessary to remove her••.. tvhieh waji ,*-cnlas* o a» .<i:I!Li?v of t h ei>-iaa.-y' '»J r b e0"* *»';.'*- of" :'-,U* mur>rwhat ft. tir^l o f aai*- brwat**.in *.cef1-^ r> <*nd fJoveuat-C '• ir th c ( XI t~W U.'U nf dollar* riiisj txrcopartidi, '• 'sin>oive t h e 'ar.in ihe most i„ wiD be the- A l t CUD a c -%e for practical lyihink o f ihe»«.-,••have osJ< IfLirkcolfcbe i to ffir'-J-eil the the Union may'ehopeheha«i-y JHXKI Kob«ide>!<i;:ion. Ifhe <rbc will not af»- h of the "irre* m ->«av3»>,.andiitrafa . • " :e ujdftiifence oi ana.. T -;e tmr* mntirinsf ana in* aiirht,ivithpro*aud lay the re-' £.them" with'* igprejry(n**^:!©^ p-A',idLLerrotof'ill prvyr a »af' sottte v«jry vfood •T»r«pfcred"toidye' #'.''. a its s/r^Mily i * . y the world that ,the Kpirit of the. i joatiee—to R M IddictateanentV >*rard ;Lcw W0n^*-hishottingKi that fh»f o l arha^ever may b e for herMttfyandh;:ig. Itmean* »e iajury-for t h e Ve doobt if too b> «*kfcf; Of thi*1 dofittle good* t<tbeen; hnlp&i on >e«n en«o-«ra^:«d .'iilyci-'k.' par:ie^ i:i.'.',.- ir<i^h: el*-ci^ jrtident, ana »aii ;:>t, hctCible uer* ;pior^ the re«al>* <*•',-»]] the pa»t oTovide «ome real >r.Weare witVa*j' wawthere* tribnat ofthe6t»failureofthfl pvernmeot, a** ijid arraBge #«e :iof, it*» idgm^ lotherplace. , xj calamessJtf^d sacitq,tt»B*l' **now. iJ there wire any members cersent, to be pre- '•United States and executes in good faith thefrepreeentatedintl?eCap*»l.wela"1 ***indicationaof the4thofMarch,tosupporttheConstitutionandsee theslave. '• "\ ',:,/ party,JIOWtriumphantinthenation,iaflaxiblytosus-j°luniformsfor,175men. diticnalSamof$1,000forthe6tting-apofanoffioo .unanimity, fcocertv fidelity, and devotion to the State, that the laws are faithfully executed, he will pledge:In the third place, -they have declared that the.old, tai'n i~ts~principl'es,, and' al"*so to-sustain t"he men wh' o are j company will visit Washi'ngton with entirely n e wand other fhddehtal*expenses, the salary to he;paiiwhichsfcouldmarkthedemeanorofallofficially himselftocarryouttheFugitiveSlavelaw,and'to originalpolicyofthefathersoftheadministrationof ^rlwfeSS^^^^liSdut?'1d°«bt??t,*|•-equipments.'''Itlsproposedtocharterasteamer,thus quarterlyinadvanceincurrentcoinoftheBnite#' <•bargedwithourdestinyandfortuneaatthiajuncture. respect^therightsofallsectionsoftheUnionalike,and theNationalGovernmentshallbeadopted,inopposi- itwiUheguidedbythattemperatejndgraent.which Shites. Thisarrangementhavingbeencompletedto LettheGeneralAssemblygooninthisway,firmly ifherefusestodoit,orshouldselectsuchaCabinetas tionto'theslavepolicywhichhasbeenjespeciallypur-cansetboundseventoasacredanimosity.. securing;while$n$the'^FederalC%,aplacetoboard butnotrashly,consultingprinciple,notimpulseorwouldjustifythebeliefthathedoesnotihtendtodosuedfortbelasttwelverears,andmoreorlessduringnerty* feeling, and deferritJg to the advice, wish, or it, it will then be time enough to adopt measures look- the last forty years. They have declared that the action or other State* and Sovereignties, who nhare our ing to a dissolution of the Union. Again we sav, let slave trade, which it is now proposed to open with in-pot-hion and"duty, so far as m ay be done without a sacrificeofewwntiatandvitalhonor.•'J '•'-'"•:"..FromTheBostonPost. • .•-,,..,. andsleep*Meetingsfordrillareheldon^Wednesdaythesatisfiictionofthehigh.contractingparties There is a momentous isGiie rising in portions of the. evenings^'and those who desire to witness, in.the most Mr. Devoe entered immediately upon hia dutiesL.country. The Constitution knows no North, no South, :••. H is first act for the benefit of the Russian Govern-; ecdxiomical and comfortable manner, the inauguration-elected by-the natural conrse and isane of events, sheeannot and wiD not shirk that po-iiion, be it one of ABOLITIONIST W H I P M - D A N D SENT honor, o r only of inevitable danger. I t U enough for Montgomery (Ala.) Mail of Oct. 31, says: her that it is one of duty.damagedbyrevolutionaryaction.AN OUTSIDE VIEW..Harris,theHospitalsurgeon,wassentfor,anddie-jtheRussianController.Generalforpayment,butthatcovered that his patient had partaken of a quantity of representative of the Great Bear repudiated. The un-Croton oil. -The proper remedies were imroedhitely fortunate holders of those valuable papers then fellGEORGIA.back upon the sub-agent, and Mr. Devoe was forced WsNov. 8.Above all, in a crisis like this, big with the fate of slaves. A meeting of the citizens was held, and afterFrom The Savannah Republican,thecountry foralltime tocome,itbehoovesustoact with eireumspectioto, with deliberation, with calmness, withthegreatestpossiblefreedomfromthatexcitement which stirs the blood and warps t h e judgment. ' Tiie rew»oneibiliiies'are fearful, f >P the future is unknown. The occasion demands all the coolness and wisdom that we can bring to its solution. Under this conviction,"we are conatrained t o regard any popular movement a t r wpiie*ent moment a s ill-advised-aiid imfbrtuuate.Me regard to the object of the meeting, were it simply desigred to recommend to the Legislature of*<5eerjgiatocallaConventiontosettlethegreatqaoa- tien'ot djjty tmd'tnterest In the prer-eut conuttion of ^ai&irs,accordingtothewillofthepeopleasexpressed at thepolls,wecanseenoreasonable objectionthat could be urged against it, and there is noci?«en within the Kmits ol Georgia who would more cheerfully sub-mit to her will, let it be what it may, than ourselves. The Legislature has no right to act o:i*hia question, and commit the State to any line of policy, for theytiated. Another draft for $352 also became due, whe* it probable that Capt. Isaac Gilley, of the sehooner chief, also repudiated and declined to disburse. There-i A prominent and highly respectable gentleman of this were elected wholly without reference to the question, ' city Lashanded us the foliowmg extract from a privatetory b y the bold and fearless promulgation of onr prin- should b e embittered against. M r . Lincoln, we cannot ciples,"that we are to have an Administration that shall understand, for he is certainly the most moderate ofThe first attempt was doubtless made at dinner on Saturday. At that time Captain Gilley partook of a bowl of soup, but noticing a peculiar a n d disagreeable flavor, he ate but little of it. T h e remainder was left inthebowl,andJenkins,doubtless fearing detection, overturned the bowl as if by accident, and the con- tents were spilled upon the floor.Immediately after dinner, Captain Gilley, feeling quite strong, went down town, and deposited his; money in one. of-'the banks. '^Returning again to the Hospital, he was seized withtheir constituents through the agency of public meet- ings^ which are a s often opposed to" t h e real public sentiment as they are indications of that sentiment.Nothingcanbemore fallacious, andespecially at a tune when the popular excitement is inimical to rational action. The ballot-box is the only anerriag" Gen. L . P . ^"alker. John T . Morgan, und many other 'fir«v €6tins' leader? have taken the gTouud. in the last few daya, that any m an w h o will hoid or continue in oflice uuder Lincoln SHALL B E HUNG!"be true to our principles. [Applause.] "I trust .that w e a r e t o have a h Administration that shall rally around it all that -is lib^rtj'-JIpving and patriotic inmen; there is nothing of the fiery zealot about him; nor is he the man to endanger; the stability of the Union by making organic changes such as would unsettle thegentleman from South Alabama,,dated Oct. 59, savs:" The Breckinridgers have declared openly for D1SSGLU- TlON in thp last few days."'TAXATION FOR DISUNION RESISTED IN. ALABAMA.— liast Winter the Alabama Legislature passed a bill au- What shallhedone? Well,inthefir#place,the thorizingataxof$-200,000toberaisedtodefraythe expense of arming the State, and giving the Governor power t o appoint two Commissioners from each county, with power t o determine t h e course which t h e Statesionasferaspossible,andthatwetakenostepthatis shouldtakeintheeventoftheLincolnelection. The not marked and pointed out bv a due regard to all the tax-gatherers of Alabama are now collecting this taxinterests, the Vast interests, of this section of the Con- from the poor and rich alike in that State; and a por- federacy. T h e greatest danger, it strikes us, is that tion of the citizens of Madison County, Ala., have as-dissolved, and w e are told by the telegraph that, a Massachusetts vessel in the- harbor of Charleston has hoistedthePalmetto flag, * * * *Isay tothemenoftheSouth,whohavebeenthreat- ening the. dissolution of, the Union, w h o a r e calling conventions, who are mounting blue blockade^ Go on, if you dare! [Cheers and cries of " Good.'!] W e intend t o stand b v the Constitution and by the Union, atanyandeveryhazard,comewhatmay[loudap- plause] ; and I sav to those men of the South, who are threatening to pull down the columns of the Union, that if they expect, any aid in the Free States among the cowardly m e n w h o have shrunk before their threats, they will be utterly disappointed. However these men may sympathize with, they cannot aid them, for they are powerless in the Free States. [Applause.] IwastoldlastWinter,ontheflooroftheSenate,by Jefferson Davis, that Gen. Cuahing had said, if the contest came, we L'epuolicaas were to b e " throttled in our tracks." I should like to see them try it on, gentlemen. [Great cheering. ] L e t them trv it on in Washington,oranywheretheychoose! [Renewed cheering.) Weseek no conflict; we know weare right, ana we mean to stand b y p u r principles. W e have a victory bv proclaiming them, and by being faith-his opponents'appear to assign him; and it is quite likelv that thev will discover their.-mistake ere long. Mr. Lincoln is President, and we venture to say there will be no dissolution of the American Union.and rightful test, and that should not be forestalled by *&e Legislature o r anybody else.From The Avguita. 'f Ca.t Sentinel, Xor. (f.times require that we should beperfcct.lv cool, orasCITY.'....LIU-..ITEMS.cool a s we/can be, and that w e proceed in this business» 0 .i H I Iwith due deliberation, putting aoide rashness and pas-Slight purging, b u t n o t sufficient t o excite any. alarm. isplayedthrough,mostoftheleadingactorsinthat Atteatimebehadabowlofmilkforhissupper,asdid also another patient named Mahoncy. Capt Gilley drank a quantity of his milk before he became aware of a strong, pungent, a n d burning flavor w^hich i t pos- sessed. Mahoney discovered the same before drinking muchofhismilk.Theyboththensummonedoneof the ward nurses, M r s . Reynolds, a n d entered com-men, under the atron^ excitement of the moment, maynot a c t either justly o r wisely toward themselves, a n dtoward their brethren around them. B v all means, itisoftheveryhighestimportance,that,howevermuchw e feel exasperated against the North, w e neither feelnor show any hatred a n d jealousies among ourselves.Peeeipitate action now, or attempts at precipitate ac-tion,- threaten t o defeat the very end aimed at, to arousesembled together and solemnly resolved to resist its collection. Here are the resolutions:Resolved, That we. an freemen, abhor the Military Law pas»cd by our L-.-t;i^i.itur<-, and now. in thin public manner, denounce the Unea*unconstitutional, andsubversiveof.ourlibertie*asfree- sicw- ' '.Hesolrcd. That rce vrill resist this military tax by all. lawful 'means, letit be attempted to be enforced in any manner or xhape-Rcx°lred, That w e recommend to all citizenn and fr^omen. ofnational' exhibition will retire awhile front their tem-porary prominence, and give the public leisure to thinkof things other than party squabbles. And a s the pub-lic will b e amused, of course a brighter eni approat^hesforthetheaters;andoncemorethebenches,toooftenhut scantily filled o f late, will b e crowded, a n d oncemore the cheering chink of much cash will rejoice the plaints in regard to their milk. Mrs. Reynolds Imme- Tombs to await an examination.ourownselvesagainstdomestictyrannyandintol-•theStateofAlabamatodoanwrhavedone—takeaboldandle-hearts of those who have a right to smile when the treasuryisfull.Tlieplacesofamusementwillall enter upon the race with new spirit, and present their most attractive novelties. Every theater h a s some winning card in reserve, in theashape of a new play, or an actor of sterling merit, a n d soon the competitionwill h e most lively.IV'nilcr Garden.—Miss Cushmnn last week played Romeo several times to. crowded houses, and appears this week in the same character. She will 'soon enactdiately tasted of it sparingly, and found that it burned hermouth.Dr.Harriswassentfor,andonarriving in the ward he,, too, tasted of the milk, and at once, discovered that it was tinctured with croton oil. .It is said that Baalon made overtures to General Nye, toinducehimtoundertakethelegalbusinessofthe Russian Government in this city, and that the $30,000 a year, oflered as a compensation for his services, proved so great a temptation to the cautious general as to cause him to lose much time and incur some expense hi prosecuting certain investigations in regard to the position held by Mr. Baalon. What the result of those investigations was, Mr. Nye has not had time since the•T. m •THE STREET COMMISSIONER.—The Street Commis- sioner's term of office expires to-day, and it is possible that a 8uccesf or may b e agreed upon a t the meeting o f the Board of Aldermen this evening. But it is hardly probablethatMr.Smithwillbedeposed,for,sihoethe Prince of Wales's reception, the best of feeling has not existed between the Mayor a n d the Common CounciL It;v is intimated that his Excellency would like to be- stow this office on his brother Henry, but w e doubt if he will attempt it. Tlie general opinion of City HaMof each one of ita citizens.From The Atlanta <Gtu> hrfetligeneer.'U n i o n i s a v e r y c l e v e r c o p a r t n e r s h i p w h e n t h e S o u t h can have equal rights and privileges, otherwise it is a curse, and secession becomes the glory and prosperity-of"the Sooth.Stop the flow of Southern wealth to the North, andpointed to his present place under the old system, moire that w e have attained to power, let us see to it thatthan 33 years ago, and be has held the oflice from that we carry out what w e have proposed when .out of Hamlet. Mrs. Bowers, the Juliet of the company, hasbrought to bear upon the two cases. Capt. Gilley con- tinued in a very dangerous condition throughout Satur- day night, but last evening the poison in the system had so far yielded to the medical treatment that the patient wasconsideredinafairwayofrecovery. Mahoney>k>rth for health and cabbage swd—for plwwure and rebuke, through the medium of Thc-Ctilpeper Observer, finery—wfien^you can d o better a t home, and growevery Congressional District in the Free States. [A p- plause.] We have hot the Senate:.,we shall-not have the next House. . Let us, then, gather up our forces, strengthen ourselves b y wise and judicious action, b y fidelity to our principles; and let us see.to it that'we organize and carry every Congressional District in thefkfct brilliancy. Mr. John S. Clarke, a young Ameri-can actor of the most unquestionable genius, is soon tomake his appearance here. As a.truthful and originaldelineator of uproarious low comedy, and of eccentriccomedy character, w e know Of but one American rivalto Mr. Clarke. W e need hardly add that this rival isMr.JosephJefferson. Thefieldisatpresentclearforin a day1or two. .<-Immediately o n t h e fact being ascertained thatrich In patronizing your own soil. We are not depend-ent on the North for anything, if w e turn to ourselves—nordoweneedtheir asristance,aid,Orprotectioniaany one thing. A bounty on foreign bottoms to carrythe csrrerrt threats of Kecesrion in the event of Lin- coln'**snecens, for which he was of course duly assailed byTheRichmond Enquirer. Inresponse,wefindthecroton oil bad been introduced in the milk, 'Mr.Darragh, Superintendent of the Hospital, w a s sum-moned to the ward On learning the dangerous condi-tion of the victims, he hastened to headquartersand New-Year, and perhaps to a later period. informed Capt. Walling of the detective force o f theendingivingtheNorthern manufactutingnabobsand thefightingpropensitiesof0.JenningsW.&Co.time ehipowners a n aboBsLing fever even forever unto •will determine:death. Peaceable secession will be the salvation undglorification o f t h e South. Union a n d submisson,[Loud applause.] ' . • Mr. Clarke, as there is no actor at present before the case. Detectives Macdougal and Bennett were imme-A:.FARCE;—Every Sabbath brings to the Police Court, in the custody of an officer, Mr. Edward Fal-without protection forour property and without equal rights, willberuinanddestructiontotheSouth.Let us be prepared to have o u r rights in the Union if w e can, o r out of it anyhow.;. ALABAMA.From TheMobile Tribune.TheGovernorofMississippi,madeaspeechlas* week. In making of the probable election of Lin- coin, h e told the people what h e would do a s the Chief .Mai/istrate of the State. He said, " tfcuit the sameNew-York public who undertakes the representation of diately dispatched to the Hospital to see if they couldthesamelint;ofcharacters,andshouldhenotmakea obtainanycluetotheperpetrators. Afterhearingo' coner,theParktemperancepreacher. Yesterdayhe'* «tant should earry back i.is orocLtmaiion conveningM theLeyiidatnreofMis»-is»«ip-i.and.he warned them only *so"longashesupports the.Constitution ofthetion of one or two Government officeholders—al- the farces every night, is rapidly becoming a greater just-for a joke. <v, though that 'is a memorable circumstance, to be sure[laughter]—even the timid men who went down in the - favorite than ever. If sUch was their intention, they must certainly haveduBt, with their lips/on their shoe-strings, before these' . Niblo's Garden.—"Othello" hasbeen the attraction taken a great deal of pains to secure the poison,for things were said, need not be afraid, [applause]; for they could only obtain it about the Hospital bybeing given,on the alternate evenings. "Macbeth" is "Croton oil, for ^external application." A linen coat4-pared to«*etoutforthecapitoloftheState the next. _ , , Senimel (Douglas)*'laws of the Union." Whatever may have beentheformand toneoftheletter, thepurpose wasanhonest one, and one which better m e n than t h e pen-sioned editor of The Richmond Enquirer will approveand indorse. It is bv no means a contemptible partywho are in favor of Eeceseion only when our rightshave in' reality been assailed, and who are opposed to lest some pecuniary disaster might happen to them,**mmut. 'T V ifffmahere the past week on theJForreet nights, and will be.you will find underneath the dispatch•wearing suchan ncted for three nights this week, the" Dead Heart" stealth, and that, too, from bottles distinctly labeledU l a . )Governor Moore a s taking the following position i aLit,LatespeechatWatt's Hall:'• H e w»* open for Uisui.ion if Lincoln w a s elected be belitrved Alabama was now prepared for resist-ance, and it w w far better to fight forour rights than u, -aibuut to Black ^Republican degradation.alarming .complexion that business men of the South,.FromKRIS-TICK Y.The l^rutnrilleMacbeth.- Macduff'. niniquo...Mr. Forrest Malcolm... Mr. Harfcinu ....Mr. Conway Lady Macbeth..Madame fonisi .Air. Fisher 1st Witch Mrs. ConwayThe true remedy for the excitement• inaportionof thecountrywiU.be foundin .1oattorywhichwearenowtocelebrate. Victoriesare sometimeswonbythecartridge-box,somelinies^bythe ballot-box,butIdoubt whether anyvictorywon by the cartridge-box involves higher principles o r moreButtherewillbenothingoftnekind. Thisgood manLincolnwilltakeIdsseat,andwill soadminister the Government asvirtuallytosoothethefieryspirits who have been, I trust, misled by the servility of these Northern doughfaces. [Applause.] H e will let them knowthat,afterall,wearebrothers,and stand ontermsofequalitytogether. Hewillatonceaddress himself to those beneficent1 measures which will relieve thetiredlaborofthepeople. He.willadjustthetariff properly;' h e will forward that measure for the-benefitmostofthenewspapers andstump..spesiaers ofthe A^-SpubKcaTfactions asanAbohtioni.tjra fanatic of^heJohn Brown type; the slave to one idea, wj-o, Sorder^earry that outtoitslegitimate results, w o ^ o t r e r r i d e faw*>, constitutions, a n d compromiaes ©fevery kind, n o r shrink, if necessary 4irom over-bvtheballot-box."Apoethassaidthattheshot fired here wasroundSummer,aforeigngentleman,namedHerman Baalon, called upon Mr. Devoe and desired to form a business connectionwithhim. Hehad,hesaid,been.,recom-terday,whenaverdictof"Accidentaldeath"wasrendered. '*- «i . •.• [Advertisement.]like another tnrniwr th e whole fabric of society, Jthe0world, and I doubt notbut this victory which w ehaveachievedinourcountry will causearevelationthat will b e beard throughout the civilized globe." Per-sons everywhere who are-struggling for rights, w ho of the poor mau,-the Homestead bill; he will improve,H.E.H.ALBERTEDWARD, PrinceofWale* liver one of his Temperance addresses a t Cooper Insti-' mended t e visit M r . Devoe b y several distinguished and Suite, now on view ui.SoSespierre.Neverwasapubhemansooutrageously ^represented. The picture of Ms cmiracter drawnroad[loudapplause];'andintheechoesofthehammerResponsibilities"onthisoccasion. Duringtheevening the " Metropolitan Temperance Alliance" will, it is expected, be formed, with the view to secure to ourMr.Baalonstatedthathehadthe takenmAmerica—wasmadebyroyaldesire,attheRever* Houne, Botttpn, October 18, 1860. Hi» Royal Highnea* not harz£T2L~*nipA. Thetictureofbischii?vlas enemies,istrue tonoonelineament. Allwhoit will be good news to'the French,who are now suf- fering under despotic power; andit will be, my friends, goodhewstoallof us,forit tellsa greatchangehas occurred. Every four years w e choose a new Pres- ident, but it verv rarely happens that we choose a new Government. "But yesterday w e not only chose a new President but a uew Government. A n e w order of things was inaugurated by the vote of yesterday,which will be heard everywhere, contentment and happiness will tit down 6y the hearthstones of the people. [Loud applause;]iugtin-e to pitwhile in New-York, communicated through thoHon. E . Archibald, H.B. M. Consul, New-York, hia willingne»««to ait for hia photograph to Mesara. Guroey k Sou, if they would^ ^ M m bear witness that he has the calm wisdom jfcnow him bear witness thatuatriotism withal, characteristic o i practical W twtriodsm withal, charactensticr*^ i i t S v:.. M ii..Mnr.x. t.hoiigu deep- r ^ S n , a n d that h is connvictions,7 ^ * 1 1 «*VHrefv free from fcina'ieism. Wich regard S"^^, SKK5S"Sg-Hrt* tho*conunon •^iS^v^ittmd irreatest generation o f o u r states- t L^^cSy^^^'^^'i ^'m Werdivys," Controller of the Imperial. Russian RevenueJournal.Wedlock's Theater.—Flawing with Fire enters o n assert that so serious a n a c t could b e perpetrated as arepresentsLin-timeswellworthyofavisit. Broadway. .Dr.Institute. •JOHN B.GOLGH,theincomparablelecturer,willder-«oln W v n utterances a n d declarations, t r o u g h^campaign just closed, he has been portrayed b> important results than that which has now been wouOpen night anddayinCollection.—Thisvaluable collection isnowopen at theStuyvesant2e^lTac^^D^0lay, Benton andWebster, whichwillputourcountry underanewdirectionandCOMMON COUNCIL.—Both branches of the Common Council will meet this evening. The amount of busi- ness will be large as no meetings were held last week.UNION WIDE AWAKES.—None of the companies o " fink-boys" throughout the country have shown great• Gopies now ready for sale of the Prince and entire- Suit*, of aft sizes, from t h e largest plates mad* t o t h e eeartes- do visit foeSSTfenoi t S ^ ^ ^ J S ^ J S X i L Par-" trines professed both b r t h e Y>higand L>emocraac parties, until the Calbounlieresy arose.S t a S s a S ^ £ « t o sC the forms of the Consmution- ^onl&Sancknmtoo^ee ^J^Mj^MJ vaxL heshouldhe recognizedby aUgood sttizensas S^rirfdent^fthe Bepubhc-andtl.atthereisno SSSSotTiaioything that has yet taken place,for juwrncanon ***-£*£T*^th*Vxini bvanvoneormore threats of secession from the)umoa ?7**VTM1States, orforany o^oonstratioi °f • " J ^ TM ? l ^ Tupthe CK^ernment. Nowthatthe ^ whichthey andthatmenareableto Mj5»fti?l^r2S5S have been guilty, we assert i f t h e j S ^ f ^ S n a l t ? aunerat all byanv actof Mr. Lincoln, orof the party, _J. GURNBT *. SON, Photographic Artists, Ito. TOT BroadWay.[Advertisement.]there be peace between the North and South, until Lin-creasedactivity,shallbeinrealitysuppressed,and coln is guilty of some act of oppression justifying rev- that all the force of the Goyernment shall be directednoEest,noWest;anditknowsnoparties.Itpro- 0^^-Sj^^^gi^)^^^^^^vides ways to elect aPresident; and when its forms havebeenfaithfullyobserved,therecanbenoother,theirnamestotheroll.-,.-. course for good.citizens than to recognize the will o fwilldowellto,add'mentwasthedrawing,ofthreedrafta,formingatotal of$1,000,in.hisownname,uponMr.Baalon,andTheywhohavei'^norantlyorwantonlycharged olution,and",inthatevent,therewillbebutonevoice inthatway.ThesethingshavebeendeclaredbythatSorjtb Carolina with a vain desire for the place and post ofWdcr in the trreat work of reconst ruction and read- TO^ment of Federal relations, or external relations, bareerreda»widelyfrontthetmthaathose who de- risdvelyproclaimedthatshecouldandwouldundertakeordarenoresistanceofanykindtoanyajfipressionBor ernpressesandmen,settingforthwhattheywoulddo withprudence,withwisdom. IbelievethatAbrahamunder any provocations. If the index of the dial-plate in the event of Lincoln's election; but as they were Lincoln [prolonged applause] has those elements of ofProvidencepointstoSouthCarolinaastheleader pronouncedbeforetheresult,weomitthemaltogether. characterthatwillenablehimtocarryusthroughthisheard in vindication of the rights of the South.vote solemnly and in a way from which there can be no appeal. Surely this isa great action for our country, and forms a landmark in itshistory. '.*..";which were accepted and indorsed by that gentleman* -Then, in the prosecution of his buriness, M r. DevooSECESSION BEFORE ELECTION.WehavecopiouseditorialsandspeechesfromSouth- tory,weshould knowhowtouseitwithmoderation,if is plsin and palpable that tbey have been observed. excitementw a s created at^^the New-York Hospital, by ] faces, and applied the proceeds as per contract with h »Wedeplore,thefatuityoftheNorthernmindin'the oneofthe:patientsbeingtakensuddenlysick,withjsuperiorofficer. Intheduecourseofdays,weeks,andresult of this election, but a good cause can only'he symptoms aimilar to those- in cases of poison. P r . f months these drafts became due, and were presented t*crisis; that he is prudent, wise, discreet, and also Ovr.—Tke brave; I believe that bravery is necessary in.directing the affairs of Goyernment, as much as prudence. I be- "A man by the name of Seawell, a John Brown lieve he isthe man especially to see that we are notin# ' ; / | Pin this County, a day or two since for tampering with union which sometimes come to us from the South/and anticipate anything disastrous to the .Union, yet are repeated in Massachusetts. T o these menaces w e wc look for a grand revolution in the internal manage- astrictexamination,theproofwasoverwhelming deemitnecessarytomakenootherreplythantopro- mentofaffairs. Mr.Lincoln-Isamanofmind,worth,against'-hiui, and he was severely whipped and ordered ceed with our work in the spirit of tne" Constitution, off. HeseemedtobewellpostedinallJohnBrown, whely,prudently,answeringtheirthreatswith,"thematters, and WPS endeavoring t o incite the slaves t o a servile insurrection, &c, telling them that they would, all he free after t h e election; that Lincoln would b e elected, &-c.' This villain Seawell is about fifty years of age, and of notoriously bad character."ExciT-oii-NT AT FAIRFAX (VA.) COURT-HOUSK.—We learn from a friend that on Wednesday, at Fairfaxon Friday night, at which Senator Wilson, the Hon. Lincoln,wa*seizedbyapartywhilehewascoming AneonBurlingameandothernotedRepublicansmadeupon the holder of the draft sought consolation in a civilout of t h e Court-House, and carried a short distance, from thevillage,where hewasblacked completely withprinter'sink,mounted onhishorse,andstarted lor Ins house i n a s uncomfortable a eituation a s o n espeeches. Wequoteafewparagraphs: SenatorWILSONeaid:For months past, allsorts'ofthreats have been awareofthefactthatthreepatients,inthesameward,ofwhichthefollowingisacopy:N* 317,513,L:B.C, Md.' „ ,„ „ . Jk$- L- 84..Neje-York, July 14, WSt.I. R . Bcflerve Fond, twelve hundred dollar*. Caihier, A. 0 . Storey; CeuHor, Dr. Herman Baalon. #1,200. ' > ,HERMAN BAALO^,<kmtroU>e. 'This draft was presented to Mr. Storey for payment, but that gentleman refused to honor it. Mr. Storey 'stated, however, that his name, as indorsed upon tho draft, was genuine, having been placed there, by hmson, who w a s authorized so to do, but with the under- standing that such draft was not to b e paid. Retunutqr- to the Controller-General, Mr. Devoe stated bis griev- ances, when that gentleman coolly informed him that he had been humbugged throughout; that he (Mr. Baa- lon) wasin no way connected with the Russian Gov- ernment, not even as Controller-General of tlie Imperial Russian Revenue Fund for the United States.Upon this statement of the case, Justice Kelly issued a warrant for the arrest of Mr. Baalonj and h e was ac- cordingly taken into custody a n d brought before t h e magistrate. O n being examined upon t h e charge made against him,he stated that helivedatNo.92 Third avenue, and was a medical practitioner. H e a* 41yearsofage.Heempliaticallydeniestheallega* tibns made by Devoe. He was committed to thewould winh to be in.From{Alexandria Gazette, jfov. 9.The Nashville Banner.Now,gentlemen,wehavewonpower;weareto hurledfromthe.fire-eaters,.andnothinglessthana weresecretlywatchinghim. Thesemenarenamedtake possession of the Federal Government. I have complete break-up ofthe American Confedration would H. W . Jenkins^ Chas. Brown and John Keiger, and, the most undoubting confidence in the capacity, honor, satisfy them if Lincoln were successful. T h e result isintegrity and devotion of Abraham Lincoln. [A p- against them, and W e presume they will succumb it is supposed, that they conspired together to take the plause.] I trust,.gentlemen, as w e have won a vic- wheo they see there is nothing else for it. Why they life of Captain Gilley,-and then obtain his money.the policy of abiding the election of M r. Lincoln. 4and tor secession now,; but .if you 'look at t-he reportscarefully, you will see that, notwithstanding the resig- management. Miss Polly Marshall, who appears in desired to give Capt. Gilley a thorough physicking,permitting the "too hasty action of heated partisans and the heliisn plot tings o f .unprincipled men t o precipitate the. Southern States into Disunion, with iis attendant destruction of life and property—with every horror of servile and civil war. The charge that, in writing hia letter, Juage Field was actuated by desire of more ele- vated position under the Lincoln Administration is ahave telegraphed" t o the business men of the North that there ia no danger a t all.' [Applause and cries of "Good."]But.^fellow-citizens, if these men shall commit thefolly they sav they intend to-commit, what will haveled them to* it 7' I will tell you. The white-liveredin preparation here, a n d will be presented next week, in very fine style, the cast, being as follows:belonging to Jenkins was subsequently found, a por- tion of which was saturated with a similar liquid. T h e other prisoners decline to talk i n reference to the mat- ters-Jenkins being the only one who ventures toMr. Lincoln is on all sides at the mercy of his oppo-uenui sheltered in the forms of the Constitution. H eis powerless for the evil apprehended a t his hands. H e fiih''hvod o.< slanderous as untrue. Were Judgecould not infract the Constitution if he would. W e "Field a young man, just entering with the ambition they could, to do what they say they will do. They Tnustprotect theUnionaswellastheConstitution, andenergyofearlymanhoodthetheaterofpubliclife, have taught them, by their servili^', that they have and,wtilewieldingthechecksoltheoneia-itsown thechargemightheplausible;againstamanwhohas but t o threaten the people of this country and they will* defense, w e must wield the might of the other for its almost reached the allotted age of three score years and go'down in the dust, before them, So, it the wolf is toown preservation. W e must not only counteract Ke- ten, it is more absurd than unjust. W . G. FIELD. come—and he will be a very small wolf [laughter]-if Barnum's American Mv sewn.—To-night, is to bewho has been in the Hospital for three months,has always been looked upon a s a had man. H e recently applied for an appointment as, nurse, b u t was denied, upon the ground that he could not be trusted. An ex- amination of the prisoners will probably b e had- to-dayjuries. On the 2d instant Mary died, and, without notifying the Coroner or the police of thefact, the au- thorities at the 'Hospital' allowed the body to be taken away and buried. Yesterday the police and the Magis- trate received their first intimation of the fatal resultp--bliaua»m hut quell Disuuiouism; we mast curb Cvfyeper C. II., Nov. 3,1M0.m he comes at nil—imd if he is to bite anybody, ho will Yancey and Khett at the same time that w e check be sure to bite first those craven spirits in the greatUmccliiandSeward,or:tsmuchsoonerasthecurbTHEHON.CHARLESSUMNERONTHERE-CityofNew-York who.havingprinciplesandgoodsacted here forthe first time a new play, dramatized by Mr. G . L . Aiken from The Ledger story, Rose Elmer.may be necessary. It is not enough to guard the Con-stitution against infraction; w e must with equal vigi-lanceguardtheUnionagainstdisreption. Therjaioaand the Constitution must be preserved. 1 he m:tin- IL.on Wednesday evening, on the '* Life, Character like the men in'New-York and in Brooklyn, wentThi-Siamese.Twinshavegone,andarcsucceededby beforeamagistrate. Whethertheadministrationof ofthequarrel. Meantime,Bridgethasbeenlockedupcan patriots. • mtFrom The Louittritte Courier, Nov. 8.lecture, the Concord Wide-Awakes, deeming this a By tf kind of poetic justice, .they will be the first tofitting time to call upon our distinguished Senator, feel the sharp teeth of this little wolf; and I presume theywillbetheonlypeoplewhowillfeelhisteeth,ifFOREIGN BRASS AND NATIVE, CREDULITY.—A RUS-SIAN CONFIDENCE MAN.—Notwithstanding the factthat the inhabitants of this great and glorious Republic, the police authorities. which isnow threatened with sospeedy a dissolution,haveeverbeen considered the "cutest" raceofhu-mans extsmt,.instances are not wanting to. showrthatSULTOFTHEELECTION.to sell, gave 40,000 majority for an_infamous fusion, and those men in Boston, surrounding, I am sorry to say,oldFaueuil-HallofRevolutionarymemory,who,the Aztec children who appear for the/ first timo here, .to-day- NextThursdayabenefitisgiventoMrs!J. J. Prior, to whose exceDent acting is due no small share of the great' success of the historical drama of"Joseph and his Brethren."OldBuwery Theater.—Spalding &Rogers's Circusis doing a splendid' business at this house. In the'com- pany are found a number of equestrians, gymnasts, and general'performers of' first-rate talent. Theridingof• Miss Kate Orniond is of the first order of equestrianthe poison was intended as a joke or not, it has cer- at Jefferson Market, when she should have been eitherThe Hon. Charles Sumner lectured in Concord, N .- tenance of both intact i* now fee high task of Ameri- and Public Services of General Lafayette." After the down on their knees in advance before the Slave.Power.tainlybeenaseriousmattertoCaptainGilley,nearly costing him his fife, as well as endangering the lives of others. vreleased or transferred to the Tombs many days since. The authorities of the Hospital appear to have been remiss in their duties, as the Coroners should have been immediately notified of the death of the woman under such circumstances, in order that an inquest might be held. Tlie matter will be investigated immediately bf. . • - ,Thetime*arefullofdanger. ToguidetheshipofState salelv through the perils that surround it, re- formed, and with a drum corps, marched to the resi- anvbody shall ever feel them-quires wisdom, prudence, firmness, courage, patriot-ism' and the soundest statesmanship. Vvhsther those • who are to control our destiny are equal to the dread- *il emeraencv i» the question which deeply concernsdence of Kidph Waldo Emerson, esq., and, afterTheir" business may be for a little while deranged,cheers had been given for the Hon.Charles Sumner, and they will find that whatever disaster shall heappeared,andwasaddressed by the'Hon. J.S. cometothemwillbetheresultoftheirown servility.SUICIDE BY DROWNING.—On Fridayeveninglast,a German, appaivhtly-about 35 years of age, waa seen toThe watchers on the hills, the people dwelling in the everyAmericancitizen,andonthesolutionofwhich Kcyes.inbehalfoftheWide-Awakes,towhichhere- North-West,thegreatagriculturalmenofthecountry,- excellence. Mile.Zahfrettaisunsurpassedasaper-wearealsothemost,credulous. Nota scoundrel approachthe.edge,oftheferrybridgeatthefootof comesalongwitha well told lie,well stuck to,but Grand street^E..R.,andafter looking atthewater asomeoneisfoundwillingnotonlytobelieve,buttofewmoments,deliberatelyplungeintotheriver.puthistrustinhim. Moreparticularlyisthisthecase Effortswereatoncemadeforhisrecovery,butwithout .when.the swindler appears in the person of a foreigner. success. Op"the following dny, the body was foundThelatestinstanceofforeignbrassandnativecredulity floatinginthewater,andCoronerSchirmeryesterdaydepends the hopes of the people of the whole country.TheUnion canonlybemaintainedouthebasi»ottheConstitution/Notonemaninanyoneofthethirty-threeStatesintheConfederacydesiresa-dissolutionofSe Union; not one will consent toa breaku.g up of anticipated any such opportunity as this with which frontlets th'c. bright faith of the fathers, seeking no performance is extremely entertaining, and is deserv- the CoiJederacy if the Constitution oe uprcid and its yen now honor"me, nor did I anticipate any such wel- war, deriring to see no hostile banners waving overKnarantiesrespected:notoneasksmorethananas- come.Letmethankyoumostsincerelyforthekind theland,desiringnotthesheddingoffraternalblood, ^ ^ c e t h a t thVrights of the States and of the cxtizeua and good words that have fallen from your captain. but saying, if adhering to the sentiments of Washing- •haU b e coneeded,and protection given thereto; and we They are to me a reward for what little service I may ton, arid Jefferson, and Clav, and Webster, and Jack- solemnly believe that, in view of recent events, noth::igahorTofthis will satisfy the South and save jhe Lmon.MISSOUKI. Nor.8.From TheSt.#Amw Prmaerat.whichprevailshave been able toreador in the jpnst. • They will, en- eoorage me to what I hope to do in the future. I join withyouingladnessatwhathasoccurred,atthevic-son, and Silas Wright, shaft bring on a conflict, with, brave hearts, w e welcome the conflict for the Consti- tutionandtheUnion. [Applause.]performance every night. 'Dtisscldorf Collection.—-This galleryofpaintingsre-ceivesfrequentandvaluableadditions,andisatallJames B. Devoe, a hardware merchant, doing business atNo.1,2S0Broadway,andwhohaslatelyhadava- riedexperiencewithanativebornburglariousscoun- drel,makesalong,affidavit setting forth thathehad beenonceagainthevictimofmisplacedconfidence.FATALCARELESSNESS.—On Fridayeveninglast,ayoungrritinnamedFldonEly.ap?d22y^an-,livingatNo.5& Went Tbirty-Msventh Htrfet, vra» inntantly killed h y t h o acci- denfaldlscharjteofapistol. Itappears that thednceaxed*•"»* corwle'iMyattemptingtocleana loadedpintol forthepurposeo4 laying it'away, when one barrel went off, the charge lodging i s tho DTeast of tbs uxrfbrtunate yonng rnan, reuniting in alraoot Sta-are vindicating liberal ideas, who are seeking humanimprovement,willbeencouragedwhentheyhear-.ofyesterday. ItwillbegoodnewstoGaribaldiinItaly; and theax,inthemusicofthespindleandtheloom,nesscapacity. honortorepresentacertainportionoftheRussianGovernment in this country, and was designated thelilt it uptothe platform of principles onwhich it was originally placed by the fathers. .Several things may b e considered t o h e fairly estab- lished by the vote ot yesterday, if. we look at it in practical light. First, t h e American people have d e clared, according to the very words of Madison, that i iswrongtoadmitintotheConstitution theidea tha therecanbepropertvinman. Theyhavedeclare that Slavery, if it exists anywhere, is sectional, a n d muz*deriveallsuchlifeasithasfrom local laws,not from the Constitution; in other words, that-Slavery is sectional and freedom national; in opposition to the idea,whichhasbeenputforward sooften,thathree- demissectionalandShiverynational In thesecond place, the American people have declared by this votealbums.Trade supplied at a liberal discount., -,••' 'Union shall be preserved," and made more precious b y its conrecration"to human freedom. [Three cheers for the Union.]REJOICINGThe Wide-Awakes of Boston had a jubilee gatheringto murder and rob him. 'Captain Gilley was recently admitted to the Hos-.boiler-General alflopurcliased, on credit, of Mr. Devoev various articles o f hardware, of the value of $60, but i t is uncertain whether the Russian Government or Simp-Anextractfromanotherletter receivedbvthesame' America. Threats are-made that theUffionistobe existingstateofthings.. Hehasahighermissionthangal stand again.-t the enforcement of the military law. ,Resolved, That when our State require* our property and lives in defenne o f what w r. may consider her honor and the safety o f her citizen* and their property, .we will freely Rive both; but w oerance, to fire our own hearts with all manner of bi»- terne**^ and, instead of accomplishing, a peaceable separation from the North, and the inauguration of a Southern Confederacy, to light the fires of civil and perhaps servile war around our own homes. Let men then h e prudent and thoughtful—not ra.-h and turbu- lent. And let the Legislature of Georgia call a con- vention ofthe sovereign people of theState, to deter-mine for themselves what they shall do, and let thed*jhberate determination of Georgia control the action oldest. Superior Judge in the State, having been ap- ples; w e have been true to those principles; and nowCapt. Gilley was again seized with purging, accom-panied b y vomiting, and grew worse so rapidly that itwas feared he could survive but afewhours. Mahoneywas also taken sick in the same manner, but less vio-lently, as he had not partaken of the soup a t noon. T h eusual remedies in cases of poisoning were immediately election to state. applied, and t h e whole medical skill o f t h e Hospitalare cot wil.'hi!: to surrender up our property, liberty, and lives to ful to them. We mean to stand by the "Constitutionan unconstitutional and intolerant act o f our Legislature. 'of our country, doing justice to all sections of our com- mon country," and we mean to stand by the Union our fathers made to promote the cause of liberty. [A p-. UNION" SENTIMENT I N VIRGINIA.Judge JKicliard H . Field of Culpeper, Ya., is the plause.J We have won, after many years of struggle,t o t h e p r e s e n t l i m e . . A t t h e f i r s t e l e c t i o n o f J u d g e * b y the people, in 1852, he was elected without .^opposition. In May last, at the second Judicial election, hewaspower. [Applause.] ' Let us snow to the country and the world, that these principles-were in our hearts, that we were honest in their promulgation, and will stand bytheminvictoryaswehave stood bythem indeJ feat. [Applause.) Letussectoitthat'fheworknothut strengthened tlie good opinion the town had formedof her powers, and has won new laurels by each re-peated performance. W e have had so much.tragedyof late that the public will-be glad to hear that the som-continued without oppc-sition for another term of eight"keepitathomeandenrichtheSouth. Stopgoing years. AfewduyssincetheJudgefeltcalleduponto yetaccomplishedisaccomplished. Wewanttocarryberatmosphereistobesomewhatbrightened-atthishouse by the speedy advent of a comedy star of the was still unwell, but will doubtless be entirely restoredour cotton to Europe and bring back goods in ex- following card- in The Richmond Dispatch. Whether Free States for the Congress succeeding the one novv"politicians is, that the appointment will go over to t h echange, will give the Y ankee maxim spasms that will this filial, dignified, a n d patriotic protest shall excitepending; and above all, gentlemen, let us see to it that Massachusetts,isaunit,intheCongressoftheUnited States forthecause of human liberty in America.A CARD.—The readers of The Richmondprohablv observed, in its issue of Thursday last, a n article"headed"JudgeK.H.Field«of'Culpeper." While the character of mv father is too well estab- lished among those who Know him to beaffected by such an article, respect for public sentiment requires it .to he noticed. Having read in The Enquirer im^ed-EnquirerMr. BURLINGAM-K said: • .Abraham Lincoln is.elected, and what is to be done aboutit?Ashasbeensaidto-night,thetelegraphic wires flash to us what has been aptly-described by your President a s the opening o f a farce. A few. men m the .South, or a few'officers of the Federal Govern- ment, who were-about to be dismissed, perhaps forn. brilliant victory. W e have proclaimed our princi-Laura Kecnc's Theater.—The comedy which itorinl-advocatingresistanceanddisunionuponthe somemaladministration.[laughter],thetelegraphsays, satisfiedthe'audiencesatthishouseforthepasttwothem to headquarters where they were locked up.Theyhadbeenunderarrestbutashorttimebefore signifiedbisintentionofsendingthepaperstotheCor-h a selection of Mr. Lincoln, and believing the step to be have tried to commend themselves to their ]>eopleby weeks is to be still continued, and "Physic and Jenkins volunteered the statement that he, at the insti-and cream-faced cowards on the Rialtos of the countryits sixth week to-night. M r . Floyd, a young actor of fine ability, now plays the.part of Pinchbeck, formerly acted b y Mr. A . H . Davenport, who, aft'T receiving a splendid benefit a t the. New Bowery Theater on Friday night. Las gone to New-Orleans.joke. The above statement of the case is derived from id Bellevue Hospital. . Bridget w a s then taken into the Hospital, attendants a n d t h e officers having t h e custody, and, being arraigned before Justice Connolly,prisoners in charge. It is further stated,that Jenkins,^ was locked up to await the result of her sister's in-who. speaking by their lips and through their organs,in our great cities, Imve stimulated these men, u s far u splied as follows? whose feet stand on thtir own acres, have iKufear of• .former on the. tight rope, and the Siegrist CAPTAIN ANDWIDK-AWAKES: Youtakemeentirely anybodywhothreatenstobreakupthisgreat Govern-bysurprise.Iciimehereto-nighttoperformanagree-mentoithepeople. [Applause,andcriesof"That's ableservice,notofa politicalcharacter. Ihadnot so."] Theywillgosteadilyforward,bearingontheirbrother^Dnn.Castellb,MasterCharlie,andsome others,areattheheadoftheprofession. Thewholethe rivers and harbors; he will build the Pacific Rail- tufe thiseyening. He has chosen to speak of " SocialNew-Yorkers, who vouched for his integrity and busi- GrRNET'B GAIAKRT, NO. 707 BROA»VTAT. .The photograph of the PaiNca now on exhibition—th» laatalso to his honor that he was made the mark of special.From The Hamilton (Canada) Spectator.What may be the effect of Mr. Lincoln's election toresorted to, arid although the patient was in a criticalemissary, was taken up by the citizens of Line Creek, any way checked, or'set' back by the menaces of dis- .the Presidency remains to be .seen. W e do hot: condition for a1 long time, science at length prevailed, redeem $728 worth of the paper which he had nego-AMUSEMENTS;;—Now thai,t h e greatpoliticaldramagreat success, the fault must rest with himself, and not to the overshadowing fame of any local favorite.the suspicions entertained of Jenkins, Brown and Kei- ger, they took them a t once into custody, and carriedwas arrested and taken before Justice Kelly, who took the officer's complaint for a violation of the Corporatioa ordinance against street preaching. T h e Magistrateedlydrawingcrowdedhouses. * Haoley Sf CampbellV Mivstrels.—This.... excellent band continue to fill Niblo's Saloon, and to giyCa capitalcame to light on Saturday last through the medium ofklMbct'xEgyptianuniquea n dHe says, in substance, that in the'early part of the *TRnt death. Cornier Schirmer held an inquest ou the body yes-VB0Pthe majority thus expressed.. Such is the present case. ALf.ECEP ATTKMPTEh MlTRT>EIt AND ROBBERt INSurely no one can say that- the forms of the Constittv A HOSPITAL.—OnSaturday evening a good deal of | paid out these drafts for the amounts specified on their Itnowremainsthat,havingobtained thisgreatvic- tionhavebeenviolatedintheelectionofLincoln;hutand he isnow considered out of danger. The invest*-gation subsequently made revealed facts which render {,Mr. Devoe,,following the example of his illastrionaSeaBird,thepatientreferredto,,wasthevictimofaconspiracy entered into by three of. hisfellow patient- Court, and sued Mr. Devoe for the amount. The Cosi-held a n inquest upon it, the Toombs Police Court, Justice Kelly presiding. Mi*. render* d. 'A verdict o fSuicide" w a spo to Boston.' T h e undersigned immediately repaired thither. y the1Senator SI'MNER sent a letter, saying:But even this victory, which opens a new epoch i nour national history, cannot make us forget the back-sliders of Boston, through whose desertion o f princi-ples the delegation in Congress, pledged to Freedom,has been weakened, and a blow Las been struck a t a neminent Representative, which h a s fallen upon t h ehearts of Republicans everywhere throughout thecountry. It is to the honor of*Mr. Burliugame that allgood Republicans feel wounded through him, and i t i sed.vise all who want to get in to go early.city an efficient organization of a kind now much need 'Fund in the United States, resident in the City of New- 5? ,, ^"J" " ° f ^««^ vixlt are seen b y the Picture* now at tfc*York." This office was represented as no sinecure, for,, according to Mr. Baalon's statement, he always had from $500,000 to $700",000 on hand, with which to pur- chase Yankee Notions for th e Russian Government. Among these notions were included merchandise, agri- cultural and mechanical implements, as well as hard- ware, of which latter commodity Mr.Devoe had a large and complete assortment.William E..Dodge, esq., will preside, and we ad-Gallery, acknowledgvd by the Prince, as well a* tho hundreds ol visitor*whohave seen them,tobethe best picture,ofMmex-assault. All experience shows that th e partisans of er activity, during the campaign, than the Union Wide Mr. Baalon represented that, in consequence of his THE AZTEC CHILDREN, the greatest wonder ofSlavery stick,at nothing when the imagined interestsofSlaveryareinquestion..TheessentialbrutalityofSlaveryShowed itself lately in New-York, when Mar-shalRynderspersomilU'assaulted a venerablecitizenwho apnearedrat his oflice on public business, cursing ! the Cooper Institute ratification-meeting. They havethe world, the descendants of the Aztec race o f Central Ameriotv «moottingular andextraordinary race, commencetheirexibt- tionatBABNCX'SJtfcaBcx TO-DAY,andthenewdomeaUa aroma, '' Bone Elmer," is performed at 3 and74 p. m ..... ,.i.. m [Advertisement.]EDWARD H. DOCON, M.B., Editor of Thehr Scalpel, and Operating and Consulting Suxgeon, No. £*,1* ."*"Ofliceconsultation*ontlwnionjob*cur»riueoMMofth«*pelvicAnd i t showed it- 'him with meet blasphemous oaths. A nd f.^showedi^ j entertained companies from abroad, among which wereselfhereinBoston,when thesutppoorrtetresrofMr.j"Ap-, j6h#B^pletonforweekstraduced theRepublican candidate, j-.uttering calumnies which were as boaseliy ifailase witmh re- ]J excursions to neighboring places, each &g Jamaica,wastenderedtoMr.Devoe,andthatgentlemaneagerly viscera. Rupture,piles.Varicocele,andFistula,«adk*Byoured.Untitled DocumentAwakesofthiscity. Organized underthe command ofCapt.Hopperonthedayfollowingthenomination ofLincoln,theymadetheirfirstpublic appearanceatnotbeing "anativeandtothemanorborn,"heshouldbeunderthenecessityofengagingasub-agent,whosedutyitwould betosuperintend thecontemplated pur-chases, and conduct the business of the office in thecustomary Yankee style. This responsible sub-agencyu _accepted it. A written agr^naent waa CenteredJ ^ * j j ^ r 4 s ^''$&•.'.':-•2?& .A U o ' oti v i e w < *" 'the member* of the Eoyal party and J\ 1their Autographs. . **.''. .:-J.•3 ~~>Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com.. „_ 