 II\ ! 4knowledge forfeitnro of any brandies imported IntoPhiladelphia by the Messrs. Bokor, aad that Mr. 0 . W.Baker could not have been appointed, on a-xwunt of t h epersonalrelationsbetweenthe DistrictAttorneyaadCollector, because the personal relations between G. W- ii n ana would give them other instruction, but thatxwaft^eWIfOaKdespatch was received hat evening at the Police Head4 B *r t e r a Lf n m Reenter orPolice of Memphto, team., re-portingitoearrestofaman chargedwith themurder ef a Now York Sheriff la 1867 :—8 ,.£"2**„ ,where in the central part of the AFRO. i a . - J W » Anderson « . Conkling, SavAtTU a n d Superintendent Carpenter will i m _10KKWYOBK HERALD, FRTOAT, APRIL 13, I860.-liilfLB SHEETNEWS FBOM WASHINGTON. \ZPotttr aid Trim** Oon'jradietorybadsept ia sao case,Mr. Oww, (asm ) of CaLMr.Gun, (dem.)ofMo,said salve ttotmsalTSS. N o ttsissttoSB. Hto* mightMr. Wiiarwhiresolution.salBtoe to inquire tots the eonITS *S War Department, waa taken opMr. Ttmsi, (dem.) of Pto., saw no propriety to tog the resolution.ef ZsssVdftl Jawsttwassai Wcrtd, af*Debatesi nCongTesgasked to t a d tistiaaosy in ttia»etodoit,asBe was too ta'gsttiag ap atoiBBasMp Has to wbtobhwhich related to the Btotrtet of Oriss*b»n,«1tb which the Senate was occupied the remamrer ol tits day.tention. to White street, where he—~.*'W^*%^^-'»i*-W' •^•M"*^^-'IW^—Gov. Steveits o n thetoteresied. He stated that the beat proof that Mr.did not perform the duties required of him in searching euttestimony was contamei in the fact that InTiistestlnonyhetajathatthatcausewasasmofs aeisureand forfeitare of certain brandies of the Messrs. Boker; that there bad never been to hto (Mr. Van Dyke's)a portion «bouM go to the education of the colored pops* tattoo.the two great parties of lbs country, sad that th s party which takes a purely sectional po Ition will b s eat down to Its agitating disunion elements, North or South. Before toBg,weswtoM,therewmbe alovefeastof alltheopThe officer, however, said it would defeat the end. of Jua- uce to take him to those people now ,but that h e w o detotobto^awbtosw;tlutott»i»*nh^aatt^*_ above case were assde, sad the parties beoame aatisfied that the plaintiff waa honestly in poaseasion of the goods, hewasdischarged,tbe officer banding him to for the troubleandineonveaiencehehadbeenputto.ahot gus; that Pryor then addressed s note to Potter,to'• mmi nicaticD. and especially in case of war,and said Convention which is called to meet at Vancouver, Wash rhat this vaa the moat economical measure yet pro-Waebagton fashionable world thto session has been a very MOWcoach, and one reasonto the very scanty pickings of ihelobby. These investigating committees of thelast taree or (our years have made aad havoc among the birds ol prey of tbe lobby; and, from the glories of the third retate, tbey have been mostly reduced to tbe condition of i'or clamanta waiting the passage of aome paltry pen«wmi«»i-—ua r o r m , a t WWCONM-V.been fllted all day with rumort relative t oPotter an! Pryor. -The princi M, toft taw city betweea filar a n d firs 5,Mi>«oBciBg tbat they were going tothey were la earnest la somewhat evtoeat, frsws II* toot that both parUet escaped the vigi- laaoe of the pohee. There are various reports about tho pislaatoaitor far the proposed battle, all of which are ofw w aavpe or kaa entered, aa the known frieadaef the parties a n exceedingly cautions in their three years upon the subject was of a private and con-assaama>MeasAaasafawfe^fal^f ^dY^sJoLaTaB* saBmOpTmT*a>n^K^»WTMOvs#m^«J*anKp. CVOVg*«MSsBWUfIfOWMOTI>/mMVfV*VS , Beast**mlaosiiintthslwhoaMr.Putterworthwastendency to Douglas stock. The " Little Giant' party with reopening alavery agitation by the repeal of at Charleston would gtve the finishing blow to the "thirdItadto aatotheThs rcpubticaas sat baaatogatowa frossBawsrd. McLeanto the rising man. The fight to Connecttbeen too close, the result In Rhode Island aBincaot, to be disregarded. The bint tinstosaderstood, Mr. Seward wffl net do. Thetive balance of power J» the commercial and manufsctur- togState»fc«storetateted. lbe fusion of tne demo.ais with the Americana and old line whlgsto BhodsThe bill to gnat $2*,0t0 for five yssntolstopuMta Ialandto vsry auggsatlve. Hshows that the sosst essser- oi this tresunent, and gave them references In »*»«*y*TheCommitteeinquiredwhetherMr.VanDyke,orany ThereporttothatMr.PryororhisMeadsweredJasatto PresidentoftheimpropercombinationofFederalofficersNoquestionwastaken. Adjourned.barrelledthctgnae,leadedwithbuckahot,atfortypaces.bedwiththeohotooofweapons,aaaertiagthatSouthern gentlemen are,am in the habit of using either in settling eachdifltoultiaat Mostofthe morning wasconsumedto krring to arrange tne nutter by compromising upon somebut Mr.Potter mstotod upon hia proKei t aad MJca, of South Carolina, the supposed trfeaaeef Prysr, assde their appearance ia th e Houseintendedtocounteractthesubsidiesadvancedtocertain Know Nothing journals and captains by Master John Co- vode and ex Lieutenant Governor Tarnford of Ohio.tence,buthopedtheCourtwouldaeadSuatoBlackwell'a Island, where he could enjoy fresh sir aad oaeratoa.Supplies(bytbesopermtenient),$48,16614;(bysat deputy supermanderr). tSI.188 4 t to the Barbae of tea Chief Engineer of the Fire DepartrDent. $11,211#o.fight ham wiihtn a statedabet fan, or be should poet him.raiNTUiU I B SFSSStDKKT'a F B O T i m t l G THERION.MSSSAGS ANDKKPORTtpeibapa occupy at least two dsya, a n d the balloting for President ana Yice President three daya.borne of the members, oa both sides of tbe House, are doubtful of tbe expediency of losing a week of the sessionnight before h e w a s drowned y o n assaulted, beat s a d pounded him in a most brutal sad inhuman man ner, and while you were doing so, aad be waa begging that yon would not kill him , you declared with harsh sad opprobrious epithets that youThe examination wasquitelong,a n dt h eabovee mby the Covode committee. THI P ACIFICtional words. The price paid for tea words to to b s reduced to three dollars. If the ontrartors refuseto.ac- cept this bill, the Secretary of the Tressusryto to adver- tise for proposals, and give the contract to tbe lowest bid-pi otracted to the middle of July.Tbe dull, fashionable recess of Lentexpiresto-day, andavrltotoed by bias; that this be (Mr Baker)SUJLXOAD.Hon. Isaac I Stevens, Delegate from Washington Terr!the ooming week will be a somewhat lively one in the re- vival of balls and parties. Compared with the golden ageknewaTbewouldfighthiminthe District, aadthere ingtonTerritory,May20. HecontendsthattheNorthern duced.open Potter, through h to friend, C ol. Leader, replied route is the one by whicn the beat to control the trade of that if they misinterpreted bis note, with the explanation Asia, tor many reascos. It m shorter b y anof CM. Iawter, bo was ready to answer the inquiry when average of three hundred and sixteeen miles a chaUesge should be received. Into Indicates that up to than the Central route Pugct Sound affords th-Mr PTOLT, (dem.) of Oregon, regretted that tbe Com- mtttee had thought it neeepsary to reduce tbe amount rem that propoeed by the Senate. He hoped, however, >be bill would be passed, aa it waa of Incalculable impor- tance to the Pacific, and would facilitate the opening up ofskin._ _ _ _ _WACBTNQTGS, April 8,1860.She boor named a direct challenge had not been sent toMr. Potior. It was considered time enough for Mr. Pot- t>bme three hundred miles nearer to Canum and JeUo There waa no power under the censtiution authorizing thebeat and safest harbors in the world, and >basso intense interest throughout the city, andsome ef the rumors are so extravagant in their details aato warrant the suspicion of having been invested to satis- twenty six miles, $84,282,880; branch from Vane >uve» 'liarnrhr necessary to the enterprise, and opening it to the absorbing question, as the time for the great gather-ty,topartattoast,aaexcessive appetiteforthelatestin- toSeattle,onenuodredandseventytwomiles,$8750,00) •omjieiitioi'would damage, if cotdefeat, theobjectin view He expressed surprise at Mr. Burnett's constitu- Total cost Irom Breckenridge, Minnesota, to Seattle via utmal on lectors, consiiering that this bill had received toft for home. Hto friendly offices for Vancouver, on the Columbia, $108,032,880. These eMi- ;he paiict'.on of a very large majority of the Senate, ining approaches, Douglas being now—In theopinionofeven hia moat devoted friends, among those who knowthe determinations of tbe Southern delegates—"quite outof the question.'' The chances seem to be divided amongLane, Hunter and Breckinridge. But of late a new name little silver ring just bekm the handle lathe inscription. has been suggested; and aa the HXRALDprldea itself on Tbe present w ss accompanied by aa appropriate letter,Pryormerely to the initiatory proceedCARUKXD MXTJCAII wan araaaxas.have decided to bold the Mexicanmates include cost of tunnels, and vary from forty to on wbirh there were eixty Presidential candidate*.hundred thousand dollars per mile, according to the chu Mr ALLIN (rep.) of Mats,did not consider that the bill racter of the route,and provide, also, for steamers on Uie N-strwed on the corporators an exclusive monopoly, norI captured off Vera Crua, and allow the federal itodealwiththem accordingtothe : the evidence preaeatod, recognizing atteats of our naval commanders i were engaged In the capture In regard to their re- i, the government will not bold them for rsrtoj, but permit them to depart when a a d where theyIt has been taaaaated that our government will be call tptoaittona to this affair, sot only by Fraaee•aa, bat also by gngtend, as highly colored state ef this affair have been laid before their governmats by their rssptatlia oommaadara to the Gulf trivets advices have been received here from reliable iat the stop of Mexto), dated since the capture of ; that the most intense excitement haditoconsequenceofthosecapture* should again reach the city, it wasNo question was taken on the bill. Misi-xn.ANieors DSBATB.from Maryland, recently re-elected.San mhomruldperpetratefurtheroutragesuponAsa-tow asMaaagsarftlBBtoproxmrtp. They were entirely at and the war between the various Presidential aspirantsMr. DAWKS, (rep ) ol Man., gave hia views of alavery,which he pronounced a sin and crime before God and national men, who, though opposed to republicanism,man, a blighting, withering curse to the land on whichit have nothitherto been able, from pride of opinion or a The "strikers" deny in toto the statement Oat they coun- rests and tbose who walk its surface. fancied consistency, t o a c t with democrats. Indeed,itom. "rcy, aad their only hope or safety was In appealingfor the Charleston nomination, as the time drawsnigh, to becoming very animated. The news fromMissouri aad Arkansas to-day h a s given an upwardthe tognahoad Freoch for protection.BB Tbop, t oam^atja fto«&tothoKsi^^^^ . #,sad Hastta were to produce to the committee ex new *jan*s***m wBwawBBaT **» BaasaVsVasI dfiOCF«M0Oem dVaMIC*9 rt^saallTtlstostosuo. Soonafter theoorrespjadent ofaa^^^sr^^^^^^^B^asusa^osatsv 1vp^£B#sa)Bj^Buea sagsj^sajaj,^*^i^a^a^sjsajixgs^sjMr. Drsu, (rep.) of N . Y., charged the democratic some go so far aa to aaaert that the nomination of Pearcetenance or recommend say bat legal and honorable means to procure their rights; on the contrary, tbey con- sider tbey have acted with patience sad prudence in their endeavorstoimpressuponthecontractortheneoeasityof a more liberal spirit in hto dealings with poor men, and his compliance with the standard rate of wages paid to New York stonecutters.Missouri and Columbia RiveraSSCRSTARY OP LIGATION TO FRANCS.M. W. Cluaky, late Postmaster of the House of RupreBentaiives, has been tendered by the President the pom of Asstotunt Secretary of the Legation to France, Mr. Wilbur, ef New York, having been removed. Mr. Cluskey de clined, and Mr. Clark, of Maine, has been nominatedfir the place to the Senate.OKOAXIZATJON OP NSW TXhRJTORnS.The House Territorial Committee to-day ordered bills to be prepared for the organization of Daeotab, Pikes Peak.Nevada and |Ariaona—the latter) bill to include the west erh portion of the Territory, and not the southern half, as desired by the filibusters The other bills will b e verygiving every man a fair show, I take the liberty of direct-much like the Senate bills, so tar as boundaries a r e cernedcon-TIIR FRXHCXTTUL MOVtSSSTTS OP THB DEMOCRATS. There are a largo number of delegateato Charleston fromtneNorthwestandNewEnglandnowinthiscity,received a despatch informing him thatten outof tbe Missouri compromise,-and proceeded toshowhow party;"and nota feweven indulge theideathatthe ,1, bs JBv*st3galtog fomaalttoe, it wss arranged that the eighteen delegates elected from Missouri were for widely they have departed from the doctrines of Jeffer- Convention at Baltimore might, thereupon, sojourn with-him, and eight uncommiMed. Arkansas Is divided be- tween LVuglas and Breckinridge.sswAES'araa>:i'S»T!ALPROSPSCTS. Seward'aPresidentialstockisquiet. Therewillbenoson and the early fathers as to the righto of man. The committee rose, and the House adjourned.Our WatanitogioBi Correspomdemee. WASHINGTON,April6,I860Hout making any nomination, leaving the constitution and Union men free to go for Pearce—if, indeed, that Conven- tion should not (more wtoely) resolve to adopt him s s theirownbeatcandidate. Undersuchaconjuncture,re- publicanismandsectionalism ofevery,phase wouldbe thoroughly overthrown, and national pontics wouJBoaceThe committee tad that the amount of plicable to tbe reimbursement sad amountwssssfoOowa:— IntheharasoftbeClertofArrears*P* at the aboveMr B utterworth, as • oaooaiooovereattoa with him, demand until the contest at Charleston ia decided. He ffce Ckmde Committee—Contradiction qf (heTribunet Cor- more be In the ascendant. I give you these as the specu-sof thenmapiBlwitoTboaapotato,Iamhasnotyet recovered from the blow inflicted byCon- necticut and Rhode Island.rcspondenct,dc.The telegraphic correspondent of the New York Iribunr,in the issue of that delectable journal of Thuraday, makes thefollowingstatementinsubstance:—Mr. Scbeu waa asked by Mr. Covode whether or not bs tad seen the President or anjunember of the Cabinet since hia tost examination before the committee, when be said hefccbell replied that be had seen a great manv persons b n t ?££,b e , .D * P/*"**1. • » Sdmittod that he had seen tits President andmembers oftheCabinet,andUwasafterlations that are floating noiselessly amongsomeof the wisest beads and soundest hearts here.Marine Court. Before Hon. Judge McCarthy.ACTION FOB ALLBGBD TRK8PA8S—MERCANTILE MP-Total............. ...$6T7*761* Amocct of apparent absolute deficiency a the *means to provide lor the psy meats •*•** ^ . • _ at&toil $416,001 TV Thecommitteeapproveofthe form ofthe••"•"•r"hoses recommended by the Comptroller to ajBStit***- Istcaey. ^ ^ * aa Tim report was adapted, s a d th e Board *djter*efl mTUB CA9AMAS KSXXrnOCRT TBBaTT.The report from t h e Treasury Department adverse t o the Reciprocity treaty will probably b e transmitted to Congress to s few dsya, and referred to s a appropriate T sai "byko, United gtoles iDsttrwt Attorney for committee The chief cause of opposition to the treaty to he belief that t h e present government l a Canada baa violatedthespiritofthetreaty,whilenobaaseofoom-, , 0 M e"dtoJtolhi<*ecfty orMemphis,W.0.tofl to sead the whose of Mr. Butter worth 'a York papers for pub-to-day,the CoAfcmU.j-The ilaintiff to a merchant ia Broadway, deal- ingIndrygoods,sadtoOctobertostheemployedaper. sonnamedMcConnelltosellsomefinelinens. McCooasllto the truth of the report, and telegraph to the proper au- thoritiea.piaintsxtotsagainsttheothercolonies,partiestothe conferencewiththemthat-heBOWdeclinedtofurntohwMFuaINNASBACSTREET—Between oneandtwo o'clockBICHWOSP,ao.PtoassaMi)Tertsewa—O. leasee,BatesTeyBBramard.todyandtarestreaty equally with Canada Tuinn-HIXTII CONGRESS.Itot. Itwillbeseen that thtotothewaythe adminiatration tampers with witceaaea holding official wjalUon whiia offered the goods in market at forty five cents a yard, yeaterday morning a fire w a s dtecovsrsd o n thto Cart, J B Beat ktat L J Thompson. « JACTION POX F i Edward MOmntU » _This waa an action for fthe trsaasctiona above i Ward bad made tooairfea of•ess for some twenty-four hours. 1• T L f c t S f S J f e l l . H.,st*rodaa»n>»daaent,thst vatlvsslsiB«Btooftltotewtttrywffl be absorbed between Mr. Anderson and otbera aa to bto character and honeaty.D1MRKT OFTOirMBUBrTOSSS-TBS " ° « TM TheCiuutcalled opthespecial * ^ ^ » * * « J S £^ ^Mr. BBOWW, (dem.) sf Miss., was willing tits free negroestotheDistrictshould be educated to theirowsIbis excited seme debate.schools, aad to authorise them to tax themselves positionelementshere,toseewhatthey« idototbewayTIETHTHWKYBEFORETHEC0V9OECOMMITTEE, forthepurpose.Bswouldsofnrthsr,andofageneralcoalition. deplaintifftothtocasebadcalledforaJurytrial,subject. A report reached Pryor had killed Pot- tar, bat ft «raa toon tsaartatorl that there was no truth totherusmr. I hare sufficient Information on the subject to knew mat Potter, who a a man of undaunted courage and gewu self peeneenton, aad never baa engaged, since on baa been a man, la boy's play, would not violatethefaadaaaeatrJ taw a n d moral eenumentof h a o w a State eat aggravated to d o ao b y aome extraordinary ctrThe pr evainag opintoa bar* to that Pryor waa hasty; thai Pot ter's language towarda him waa not actionable. ma Ut Mr asserted his intention to stand by hto language at all haaardjust before going to the teld, and bto frtenda have abaataiaa)ooandenoolabtopluck,morallyand pbjabally.Aswear«ecanbeascertained,MrPotter,whobaathe eaeice of weepou, upon reaching tbe Sell, immediately swtof thsDiaartot,assess propoattaoa to fight Pryor, in the DtoaikJt or eat of H, either with bowto knives in s races,withriflesatonehundredpsoas,orwith doubtsMr. Wnsr>n—I am sorry the Senator don't understand the laws of his own State. I have tbe laws of the South- ern States In my room, proving what I say, and will pro- duce them here.avoid a party explosion upon another Vice Presidential The secretary or the company refused to aooept the order rock, like that of Captain Tyler or the intractable Fill- or purchase the goods, but after much solicitation fromD e s p a t c h .i, April 13,1800. ravoR, or vntGisru,Northern fanatics take advantage of their teaming to make them their own worst enemiesOa motion of toe ofBaker and Mr. Van Dyke were no better than they warswith the Collector Mr Vsa Dyke also'stated that he had,since 1180, opposed the conbinattons of federal officers for Be ibought it wise policy on the part of the SouthermCouncil, was aaaomtod i ti of ihe Oarniontto/sfibwrtokitica about t o t , 7^W HSBBBwea&WWt*the purpose o f controlling the primary management e f thedemocrats party, sod intended to eontmue to do so; thatthere had been in the State a thorough combination, underthe dictation of the Collector, and that many persona hadbeen removed because they would not obey blm , licans resisted the expansion of slavery, they had torturesfrom the other side on the equality of races. The North don't seize black m en and sell them for fear of their equably—the North w a s n o t unwilling t o permit black m<-n to learn to read the Bible.Mr IVBSON, (dem.) of 6a., said it was not true that the staves were not al'owed to leara to read. They are not allowed to learn to write, for that w mid be dangerous.From the evidence it appeared thst In March last, plaintiff baring aome stuff to Bell called oa one of the defendanto officers about it, who told him to bring it there, aad if It answered, a certain price would be paid for it; tbat qnently, and in tbe absence of the afltoer, tbejooSS 1toft at the defendant's place: tbat whoa the party who bad been spoken to about buying i t returned b e repudiated say bargain, aad insisted the goods wore not M repre- sented sad requested the plaintiff to take them away. Whito talking about t h e matter a third party appeared, claiming the gooda or the value or them, and the plaintiff, toast rid of him. gave an order on defendanto for $108.tike expenses of the Akierman Boou offered asadwouldhe bad had a n y mtereooree o r eoirespondence with the Preaidsnt upon the subject He said ihat all the corres- pondence and intercourse with the President for the lastothersd o a o .appointed whom h eaunpoaed whetherT h e committeeinquiredray if the Northern people would let the alaves sione h e would favor th e education of the slaves. ButfortheinterferenceoftheNorththiswouldhavebeen done loag ago. They gave their blacks a religious edues*Experience teaches wisdom. The republicans are open- ingtheir eyes. They srediscovering theweaknessof Seward, and the strength of Judge McLean. Leaving him to the initiatire adoption of the Chicago Convention, the Baltimore third party Cotven tion will moat probably aiopt fomestrsw ticket, to be dropped for the Chicago candidate, should McLane be thst man. thto programme is gaining ground. Suooesa to the paramount idea withtbe republicans. It to expected that tbe Charleston Cou- vi nticu will reault la harmonizing ths demosrtiry, North and South, and that they will make a tremendoua fight. Anticipating this, Seward to waning, like the moon to its third quarter, and Mr. McLaneto the rising sun of the re- pub) cans. A n older man s o w than Mr. Buchanan will be at the close of thii next Presidential term. Judge Mc- 1eanto still straight, strong and sound, in wind and limb, and looks good at least for ten years yet to come. Bat to guard against accidents, should be be nominated for President, great care will be taken by the republicans t obut aftor the dtopoaitlon of the tost case. !»»•»»«», * • jury, aad insisted o a a trial before t h e Court. After bearingtbe testimony onthepartoftbe ptointiff, Judge ordered a nonsuit as to tbe dand Sawteile, wawrewpoa plaintiff's the case as to the defendant WsrrJ.ArBit 12 —Lemuel Wells « t the JTessBy .Thto suit was brought to recover $168 04 for s quantityof copper, brass and iron aold to defendants by ptatotttf. held in Boston. AMr Misos, (dem ) of V s , opposed th e amendmentStates to withhold education from th e slaves. Negroes, bond or free, form BOpart of our political society.The amendment w s s further dreoueeed b y Messrs. Davis and BATASD and others.the Auditor of Accounts to H to reduced from $8 too i s $2,000.which forbids the i receive rewarda which iof murders Alderman G iCbmmtosiocerabereguestedtoappoint policeman for each member of ihto rAfter some debate tbe resolutionI OEBEKAL STATS OSThe following eommusicatto& wss received :— STREET DVABTaTeBT. HTEEET Ccuoussioaia'a CNEW YOBE, April 12,188*. TO THE BOBOSUBLE THB COMBO* CoOTCTi.:—GssruasH—1havetbebaserto-summary of tbe teneral state of tbe bestnoaa of thto da»for tbe quarter ending 31st 1S00:—During tire quarter requattioxs bave been drawnrawa upastbe Comptroller to tbe amount of $287,141 96, ofa of wham$230,600 64 were for objects sad perpoaee provided srovktedtorby tax, and $41,640 7t were oa trust aeoouat T eei tap caytreasury will be reimbursed for tbetotter,by upon the property benefitted. F o ramount of eaeb appropriation for tbe year 1»*>,Mr. Wilson, (rep.) of Mass.. said, whenever the repub-fidential nature, and suggested that he did not thtnlc itwould be honorable in him to reveal it, and he submittedto the committee wbether aa honorable gentlemen theywould press such a question. Thequestion was no* Mr.WIISONreplied, so farasnatural rights are con ciizenEiromMexicobyMiramon,meanssomething. There further pressed. Mr. Van Dyke saW that 0 W. Bakerwas in error in leading t h e cooam'Uee t o suppose that he had been engaged in any cauats for t h e United Slates in t h e performance of the duties of the office w» whicD he wa* appointed in- the Custom House; that with the exception o f the case in which he undertook ta prepare the tegumony for trial, be never had done anything in any cans*, an 1 in that sase he never appeared in court to the knosl*dge of the wit nessftr.at the only other .;aee*in which he nad ever ap peeredwerebeforetheUnitedSuuesCommissioner,upon the primary hearing of persons chargeJ with crime, act that the recollection of the witness is that la these cases he appeared lor the defence and against tb4 government They were canes connected with th e Custom House.Mr. DAVIS (dem.) o f Miff., inquired whether Mr. Wil- son believed in the equality of all men, black and white''Preaidsnt for information touching the alleged confisca- tion of American property, and expulsion of Americanop.Mr. COLFAX (rep.) of Indiana, explained tbe amendIs* 3 " TM *e«rned,he did. In mental and physical characteristics is reason to fear that the report in question to true, andshoulditbeofficiallyprovedtotheadminiitration,thePre- M*DAMS—Doesbemeaninsoda)andpoliticalrights, sident,nodoubt,willbegladtonaveacallfromtheHousehe believed the African race in erlor to the white race.inpoliticalandsocialequality,forwhich"right"means whichwillenablehimtolayallthefactsbeforeit,andthenecessity for our active Intervention to put down the Mira n on raction, and to restore law and order in Mexico on the to his life, liberty, and to act so aa to secure bis own hat-is of the recognized liberal government and its treaty happiness;inotherwords,IbelievetheDeclarationof stipulationswithours.MeantimeIttohopedtbatthedis- astrous repulse of Mirsmon from Yers Crux will result Inhia apeedy overthrow a n d t h e complete ascendancy o f the Juarez party. In thto view, tbe most sagacious friends oi the Juarez treaty in the Senate s s y that patience to tbeir policy.Theresolutionforthearrestandarraignmentbeforethe, Bouse of Collector Schell, for contempt, in refusing to fur- nishalistoftheNewYorkHoteldemocraticclubcon- ti ibutions for the Pennsylvania October election oi I860 ($30,000) will come up on Monday, aad will, it ia expect ed, lead to a sharp debate. When the question shall have t.e. n disposed of, we are informed that Col- Forney will be called upon by the committee, aa the disbursing agent ofthatmoney,totellwhathedidwithIt,aadbowmuch theheadsofcertainPhiladelphiaAmericanlodgescarriedia a thing to be determined afterwards?Mr Wit SON—I believe every human being has a rightIndependence precisely and exactly.Mr HARLAN, (rep ) of Iowa, asked Mr. Davia if hebe-State*ClrcwttCourt.CBUaXTTTOOCRMKKCANTILFMARINa—HOMICIDEON bytheCommonCooed!,sadamountatreqatoit,JOBspaai<e«er in tbe equality of all white men!*Mr. DAVISsiid—Yes, in the political equality of everycitizen of tbe United States Be alluded to some of Mr. Wiiron'sremarksssbeingoffensive,andsaidthatSenator spoke on his own responsibility.MrWILSONdisclaimedanyIntentionofgivingoffence, bnt said while he regarded duelling as a barbarous code, he Fbould not shrink from uttering his sentiments freely, here or elsewhere, and accept tbe full responsibility.Mr. DAVIS said s s the Senator disclaimed the intention to give offence, that wss sufficientI'&i.passsfinotamgaftheat*airuntilIttoever,anddeclaresthatshe haowaMr.Pottertobos brave man. aotonel F. W. Leader to the Mead of Potter.Theretoreasontobelievethatoptothreeo'clockthisafternoon the oorroapoaoeaoa between Pryor aad Potterbad not extended beyond the invitation and acceptanceto ro out of the Dtotriet, Potter iadtosting that he waswilkag to a*bt with bowie knife, rifle, or double barreled tory, haa written an elaborate letter to a Pacific Railroad der. He spoke of the necessity of such a means of of Augustus—that is, of poor Pierce and Fillmore too tively calls upon the strong arm of the tow to Interpose the Legislature refuse or negfect to pass an act enablingGeo. w.Bowman,the editor of the Constitution,wasalsoexamined,andstated thathecouldtestifytonothingin regard to the printing that was not embraced to htoteatimony beloru die Senate committee, which was adopted amount, the government to to pay the addi- ahopto run oft to these conventions, the Baaalea will bemecta proposed by theCommittee onPestOfficesand PoatRoads,aareducingtheamountannuallytobopaidby •be government to $40,000. If the messages exceed thisin,anybillpendingbeforeeitherbouse.Underaome sucharrangementas this,ittocontendedtothaveThsJuryby tbeir verdict have roundthatyouactedfor their protection. Tbe severest punishment which the tows of the United States authorize to be inflicted for manslaughtertoimprisonmentforthreeyears sadafins not exceeding $1,000. T h e evidence shows your case t o have been an aggravated one; the sentence of the Court, therefore,to that you be oonflned at hard labor to tne State prison at Sing Sing, in the Southern district of New York, for the term of three years, to be computed from thto dsy, pay s fine of $300 and stand oommttted untilthis sentence be complied with.tbe great thorougfare to that coastMr. BrRNKTT (dem.) of Kentucky, opposed the bill.the United States w. Charles Brown, alias Michaelbar to anaouace hto Intention to accept a challenge when Ulan is ran Francisco. The vicin'ty furnishes an abun government to engage in building of telegraph lines. It WHO Will be tit Nominee of the CharlestonConvention?— 8hethan.—"Lhe prisoner waa convicted of an assault with appended lilt of resommsBnations mad* by the dtosatbo received one. The matter occupies about into position areas the latest accounts.•porta are ao numerous aad contradictory, that ana b o stated with ooafidenee aa to accuracycreaied a monopoly for ten years at an expense of $400,500, dam ?upply of coal fit for steamers use, which c~a t- '•(•«!-•rp giving advantages as to the lands. The names ofIs auatsBBMBj, I beg lesve to call your sttoanlns toast DttponcUncy of Douglas' Most Intimate Friends—A a dangerous weapon on Frederick Welkins oa tbe high CemmtorioBer from time to time during tbetosttawNew Candidate—Bit Claim and Qualifications for the aesa. The Court sentenced him to six w««ihe hard labor years, in various reports to your honorable bodies,satsaio of no oth >r portion of the Pacific coast, and '.bmest mated cost is as follows:—Breckinridge to Seattle, with longtunnel,fifteenhundredandfortythreemiles,$91 915,380; Brecki'.ridge, to Seattle, with short tunnel, $P1, W5,380. Breckinridge to Vancouver, fiiteen hmdredan.lihe cori'orators should be stricken out and the contract »r.;irie with tbe largest responsible biddersat Sing Sing and pay a fine of $1.City Intelligence.MAYORWoon Guam BYTHS DEMOCRATS or HABTTORD.—About 10 o clock yesterday morning Mayor Wood receiveda very handsome present from ths democratic operatives A communica icn waa received froa the 3r**oe BoardMr. CONKUNQ (rep \ of a'ew York, said ho woull gladly rave vot»dfor thebillasitcamefromtheSenate,beliov- 'ii? ii.e rates therein were cheaper and more moderatePresidency—Bit Chancefor Endorsement by the Baltimore Convention, de."Who will be the nominee of the Charleston Con ven-yet acted upon Many of 'heee *n- important, and antom favoraby considered, t h e business o f thw department must remain In a condition not entirely aabtfactory.Respectfulij submitted.G. W SMITH Street Commton'aner.I'i.ii th» tariff extstirg on any telegraph toe on this oraiy other continent The corporators bad all tbe skill andticn?" becomes dally more and more tbe principal, if not' comrrNiTATiosi raoa TWS cmroa aoAao.did tbe Committee so intend. If tbe matter w as thrown:>pen to competition, it would defer for another year atleastthebuildingoftbeline,tbeadvantageofwhich ingyourattentiontoJamesA.l'earce,theworthySenator would be incalculable to tb e American people.to which th s donors returned their thanks for Mayor Woods efforts during th e tote campaign to Coonocticut, and begged the acceptance of the cane "as a token of tbe esteem and gratitude of a few of those men la Connecticut who desire to stand by Ute old landmarks."THS BfRTSB or rax WORKRBH oa THS NEW CATHOLIC CATBXT>RAI—We have received a long communication from tbe stonecutters lately employed oa the new Roman Oath- olic Cathedral sow erecting to Filth avenue, tbe potato of which can be Bummed ap in brief. They assert that t h e reason why they struck wss because the contractor, Mr. Joyce, refused to pay them t h e standard rate o f($8) paid by other bosses; o a the contrary, o a t h e Cathedral they could average buttl 26 per day. Tbedto- eontent of the workmen manifested rteelf early to the month o f February test, s a d they appointed a ""mBTHUit to wait on the contractor, to express the grievance* under which they were laboring. To this end a oommittee was appointed, and the •contractor w s s viaited s a d h e replied totbefollowing laconic words:—"Ifixmyown ratsof wagea, and those who do not like it may dear oat" T o thto abrupt sad dictatorial reply, there was a s honorable alternativetoftthemtomakesaequitableand on the 14th of February tbey "strucktime no lesa than Ave deputations have watted upon Mr. Joyce, but he persistently refuses toaccedeto their terms.In case of Insuperable difficulties at Charleston, with regard to the distinguished gentlemen already mentioned, tbestateoftbeUnion. ittodeemed,bynotsfewreflectingandInfluentialmen,Tbe House then went into Committee o f t b e Whole onThe Tariff bill was nominally nnder consideration.Mr HARDBMA*,(Sopp.) of Ga.,made a speechoon- wnding tbat Congress has no power to legislate for the Terriiores, either to establish or prohibit slavery; but it • an only legislate for its protection where it legally exists. This was tbe Georgia doctrine. He, therefore, repudiated -quatter sovereignty.Mr. CRAWFORD, (dem.) of Ga., asked him wbether he would vote for a candidate for the Presidency who was not m favor or protecting slavery in the Territories?UT HARPKMAM replied ihe would n o t He then asked Mr. Crawford whether h e would vote for Mr. Douglas if be were nominated at Charleston?Mr. CRAWFORD replied, when that nomination la made be would determine what course he should take, and not till then.Mr HINDMAN waa glad he had converted to his doc- trinebiscolleague,whowouldnobcrosstherivertillbe got to the bricge (Laughter.)that Mr. Pearce would be a moat felicitous choice. Mince1866-6hehaazealously andfaithfully co-operated with the democratic party, and given a cordial aad steady support to the administration of President Buchanan. N o portion of the national democracv, South or North, East or Wist, could take any exception to h im . Of great ele- vation and firmness or character, with personal sad politi- cal integrity absolutely unstained, he to, perhaps, among the best specimens of educated statesmanship America can boast of. Bto "record" gives the highest assurance thst he would administer the government with eminent purity, ability, skill a n d success, o n broad national grounda, yet with the moat rigorous adherence to i State r-gbts. Butthereiathattohtoantecedentswhichwould give him a peculiar, and, at thto crisis, most important element of strength. He wss during the old battles s Clay whig, y e t unsoiled b y bitter partisanship, a n d eminentlypopular withthebestmenofboththe contending parties. It is reasonably presumed that he would draw off a very large portion of patrioticr=We have authority., and say that the whole of thto state- ment, whether upon tbe information of Corode or any - o f hto committee, or the fancy or the operator isMr. Scbell dto-importing the articles. A person named Ward to whomheoflered them for eale.Vuapecting BonmUttog w W1quest|oned him and requeatedTttoilo esTs^sitd^skiancee, ths fat originated ~rurnace of a caloric enginfire, DOdoubt, prevented the destructionofA Umeanly, maliciously and altogether raise.The offtoes of the Fe- <floor, were damaged alightly by water—to- ^rf^goods^whsa he w ss nsforsssd ttat titsftad aured. The bullLiVErooi^-WaansaMp s^toburn^KjwAy^Wiiady, boa Alex Miller. Br Longman. Mr Frier, BjtobbBBana^ OChowtowJnoPent_BAPerron.Brew^se^w-"^ ^more, iThe resolution of Mr. Branch, o f N. C., Inquiring o f t b eptointiff told him to call agam at four o'clock that same plaintiffday, and he would see what he would do about it. to shout an hour after thto conversation an officer called with aa attachment s a d removed a ll t h e foods, BS the property of tbe ptointiff. The plaintiff did not call at the time appointed, but did in a week after, aad demanded hto whole bill, which defendant refused to pay, on th e ground that n o bargain or sale bad been made or per- fected; sad secondly, thst tbe goods were taken frost them by process of law to pay plainttfl's debts. The jury, however, found a verdict for the plaintiff for $80 04.TheprisoneroabeingaskedwhatbebadtoBaywhyoneelse,tobisknowledge,hadevercomplainedtothe outthroughthat"aidedoor,"andtosaywhetherthesesentenceshouldnotbepasseduponhimaccordingtotow,BureauoflandsandPlaces,$36f>6MLlatheBursa*ofHeatsofRepresentatives. WASHINGTON.April12,1860.uisbursementaforthedemocraticcausewereorwerenot repliedthathehadnothingtossy—bewssreadyforaea LampsandOas.$76,04061.totheBureauofB*pairsandinthemanagementatpartypolitic**? Hesaidthatheh%<lcomplained of it, aad bf bel'eved other citizens of Philadelphiahaddonetne same thing Mr.VanDyaew*gasked to gtve bto professional "pinion, whether the takingofanofficeintheCustomHouse,andthe receivingofpay whilst the officer did not discbarge the duties of htooffice, waa a violation of any criminal statute of the UnitedStates.Tbtsquestionwaaobjectedtobyam»mberofmakingHarlemrivernavigable. declineoftheCharlestonfever,weunderstandthatnotmurderofJamesHumphreys,oathehighaeas,toDe-astesameBtosssooattogto$)lTf»,2**48sbeuthalfpasttwoo'clockthisafternoon,whenItwasoftheCommittee. Whetherthequestionshouldbe MrGiurut,(S.opp.)ofN'C,fromtheCommitaeoa tonmedtotety reported that the affair was left open to no pressed waa cot determined npon by a majorit; Elections, reporteVl the following :—swttoJtoa, aad the Meads of Pryor had come la to consult with Southern, gentemea as to what course Pyor should pursue. At the seme tope, another rumor was in drcula HOBabouttheCapitol,that Potterwould notconsentto say settlement, bat was determined on s fight, and withmore than tail a dozen ptreonages have as yet applied for accommodations on board tb e splendid n e w steam ship at Baltimore, chartered to make her trial trip for this expedition, at about half the expense of the tripby railroad, sno of a room and board to Charleston during t e Convention.cember last. Tou have bad a fair trial, been ably defend- ed by your counsel, and tbe jury, after a long and patient consideration of your case, have found yon guilty of man- s anghter. The evidence showed that you, the second officer of the ahip, commenced beating th s deceased. a common sailor, unskilled in hia duty, in a harsh, tyranniof t h e Committee. H e w a s questioned whether itWhereas, It ia claimed that ibat pction of the Territory was usual and proper to leav°i the name of of Utnntsota not included in the State of Minnesota, tstil!an officer in the Custom House out ot the Bl e Book, to whichhereplied thatbewas notaware thatthename of Mr. Baker bad been left out, but that the act or theremaiiiS an organized Territory, and tbe residents thereof entitledtohaveadelegateinCongress;th«refore,Resolved, That the President communicate, if cotin- compatible with the public interests, sli such" informationItisunderstoodtbatthereisageneraldispositionamong calandcruelmannerbeforetbevesselhadtoftheran- partoftheyear1868,tbespecificsaassasaBato the delegatea to hurry np the work of the Convention—to chorage; that far the most trivial cauaea or pretended ex- which bad been exbs3Stod,thas obviatingmake abort speeches, aad to bold night aessiona^in,order cuses jou maltreated, kicked sad beat him before you of resortingto the objectioBsM* custom sf callings right to name. A further in the customs, together with their occupation and salary, any such Territory.week. This to one of the estimates:—Tbe organisation that thto treatment was continued on your part towardswilloccupyoneday;contesteddelegations,&c,willoc- thececessed,andwithoutanyjustifiableor reasonable cupyoneday;theplatform,whichtothemainthing,will cause,untilwithintwodayaofhtodeath;tbattheaeoondTbe expease or keeping ready for ose the sti-am esgtoetoBessesaioaeftheExemptEngineCemtMry,to nowbeingpsid fromtbe appropriationtor«fcat* o f tbe Street Department," n otog been made in the appropriation bill passed by Common Council T o u a r e respectfully iwfeiiudpendlx B for a particular statement of the objects walsh tbe expenditure. ($6,571 83) op aecouat of tads epueearto-aaaaaaaoj that Pryor most time with bowto knife, rifle o rshould be annually reported to Congress, and h< pre aumed that If the Blue Book w s s made op from such areport hto name ought to appear in the book.man asked Mr. Van Dyke if it wss because be stood with the people, and opposed all Executive interference with city and State pottles, that he was removed s s United States District Attorney of Philadelphia? Mr. Van Dyke replied mat to bis opinion that waa the cause, although thePresidentattemptstobasetheremovaluponotherTbe preamble waa rejected sad the resolution adopted.Seen are the reports, aad they are mere reports. The peace bare been out in search of the parties, and cannotThe attest rumor Is, that they were to tight at twilight, with shotguns; but noae of the parties having arrived in town,IItodoubted.fnbject, were ordered to be printed.TBS PTBLIC PRINTING AND FBBNCB SPOLIATIONS.on account of tbe Convention; for, they say, if we give a would; tbat this often repeated ill usage on your part had tton bave been oevoted. It haaPrysr has a wife aad Are children in this city. Potter grounds.former till April 26, and tbe latter till May 9. win be abandoned, and that some agreement in each stays—a mods or descent not usual or ordinarily safe, THB PAflHC raLKGRAPH. house will be agreed upon in the wav of pairing off, and but at that time, in hto condition sad that of the vessel, TheSenatebillforstelegraphfromthePacificcantomregardtoimportantbills,aothatmemberaofCongressattendedwiththemostimminentdangertohislife.attendingeitherConventionwillbeprotectedagainstany Ht (deceased) wss carried overboard, detriment to tbeir legislative connection with, or interest he could n o t b e seasonably rescued sssatbesupphei,Ac,orallCorporattraaad repairs uf public building*, wharves sad piers, assl •re apparatus, aad other important interests,1 have asta- rally been concerned by tbe bat thst notmadeprevioustothetimeduring'turn moat be toeurred, embarrassing pubbo bwaiaeas teas extenttbsAestoeaspwetinsaasstjsfateasadproperty,aad evenof tbecitygovenrmest.XBavealwaysmatotansftbe Supervisors to raise moneys to meet such expendi- ture, great difficulties sad embarrassment will ansa, flat onlyeffectual,punctualremedytorthtostateofthings,to my opinion,toto make tbe approprtoatonaaad atinonse tberaisingof themoneys previoustotherkeewhentbe expenditure shall become nee.**arv; to other words, I would recommend that t b e present Legtototor# Fhouid have before it a tax levy for tbe future instead of ths past, making a change in the fiscal year , without wbtob k to almost impossible to tosare regularity and system.to a native of Maine, ana has a wife at bia quarters, at iheAveauePsoas. Shetoestes,saysshewishes to*know bodiesthemainpointsofthetestimony.The ChairTwenty five thousand copies of the President's protest and the reports of the Committee on the Judiciary on theThe House passed the Senate bill to settle the title to thelandsalongtheboundaryofGeorgiaandFlorida.Withageneral desire onthepartof tbeoutsiderank and file of the democracy to be present at the Charleston Convention,tbewellauthenticatedreportsoftheskinning charges of the hotels and boarding houses there are ope- rating to reduce day by day tbe numbers originally in- t. naii-g to go down. There may be a reaction as the day of the Convention approaches; but as an evidence of theThe Judge replied that he had examinedthemattsr, sad foundthatbythe statuteof1867,the prisonermustbe sentenced to hard labor, and pay a fine.Oatbe1sto«January,18«<\thereressatoedto flat hands of the CoUeeter of Aasessawmm a beteaee of $0*8,. 103 80; a a d dftrmg tbe quarter there have fetea trans- mitted to arm for collection lw» amounting to $112 43616 During the quarter be h a s paid to (be Ctty Cbambertoia $218,888 88; returned to the Bureau of Arrea*. $2ab>NAVIGATION O r IIARIJi* RISER TheSPKAKERlaidbefore*tbe Honaj an executive comTheprisonersaidhohadBOobjectiontobardtabor,for be bad been used to it, but b e wished to be ia tbe open air on Blackwell's Island.iFrtoajlreT .1lUimnnlcation, in compliance with a resolution, transmitting tbe result of the Coast Sarvey, showing the practicabilityThe Judge then proceeded to sentence Dawer. H e said:—You have been indicted by the,Grand Jury for the281 27; leaving, on the 1st tost , a balance of ui collectedFor details af the busk<eaa of each berssa of the depart- ment, your honorable bodies are respectfully referred t o the reports of superintendento transmitted herewith:—Tbe balance os hand, January l, of appropriation far conttngeaciefl cf the Street Department, has been devoted to the payment of expenses toeurred during she "iho had chosen, aad which it to gd of March, 1849, section 6, required that all the officers as he may have in bto possession as to the existence of to clear up tbeir work and clear out within tbe limits of a bad left the harbor, whito be waa suppliant and obedient; appropriation for "arrearages."week toCbarlcaton, we moat gtve a week to Chicago, thseffect of which will be equal to a month out of tbe heartof the session, and just aa the two houses are gettingfairlytowork. Ittopossible,therefore,thattheoriginal aloftosduty,youagainstruct:sadkickedhim,sad moneybytax.Asaaexecutive printingandFrenchSpoliationbillwerepostponed,the toeaofadjourningoverforeachoftheseconventions drovehimtoattempttogodowntothedeckbythebackThe consideration of the report of the Committee oa Public Expenditurea, proposing a reform In the publicmade him sore aad tome, and rendered him unfit far duty; that to thto condition, to the night, withwind blowing sad a heavy sea running, while habeen held that, before appropriations by Council could be made available, it w a s authority should be gives by tbe I/'gtototareIu at Congress may adjourn, ao as to tot the members go bornebytbemiddleofJune;whereas,inshuttingapwithout malice, and did not intend to take the bfe of the deceased. Thattothe moat favorablefor you which coma haveThat you tyrannically abused yonr authority aa an uu>«ir, aadto a waaten sad inhuman manner, cannot be doubt- ed. Thto abuse and ill treatment o f the common sailors by their officers has become a crying evil, a a d impera-that an spf eprteUon by tbe Common OBOBCIIto anfawrsy •ifficienttortocm-ringexpendituresTrilhnntBSraSBaasbE action of tbe Legtetoture. Thto year, sfter the pseasgstl IBS appropriation bin b y 'the Common Council, sad con- ference with t h e Comptroller, I directed that expendi- tures frr necessary purposes should be toeurred. shouldMwy Fair, oa the third floor, a n d tmstrysadpositivelystatedtothecommitteethathtore- S*fSf ,!Si11«^e-•fttSas.lo1h*%ato.aad^deaf the secondfloor,were 'JSl^v " ^ - ^ SS" 9 f t 9 • * tafaratoh the "list"£ ? " £ £ • ta*.f^I5lbw **• * • * • or aay member of aold the same style or goods at sixty five cents aevvanlabeat «S52S**ar5Sai5pabHcattoaefltee,office, on the third floor, escaped ah daaaageTSALE t USCIAMET. -ce— Tfcpany will sell oalarge amount of marnicg to thei hundred differentofhto Cabinet-thai it wasaprivate,extraJodSai extra sndcouU^afs^tolBUitaaT^^leglelatire pape/, even if he could - - , Wmartd the production of it, aadv wtlb. whtofa,hto better judgment, tr'- conoern. Thereupon? M r .that ho should remain in Wi the National Committee, on the"ttee-hnd sorlghtor tmSoftber inquiry became satisfied that n a m and weie to fav.t owned by the ptotoSSnn3SS1SEStk*m a copy* btobill upon thettKSfo?' '•VIttohardlyprobablethstCovodewillbring the bar of the House I V coatnaaaoy aadend regretful that they faol,''asthoyoallBi.to,ijwfeenplamtiffa fUntitled DocumentIt or eoaa.y Wt?f6 MCOOJtricci/ras.Monday. ^A r r i v a l s a a d ARRIVALS.theyaretocourseofexaminstlon! P0"""".whito which,Itappeared,wasmschbelowthecostpricefor fourthfloorofthebuildingNo.118Nassaustreet,tothe printing establishment of Frank.McBroy.-TmRb.»CBaltott.oDayJ J J Bash and ladj. Mr Oarr M Btawar. Bla* S B-ower Bra AJ J aVowvny and lad*, 8Mr Blunt. C B Batman saditIody,and 11to thetoo att-•W^WWfWBP^gpp-TW'WBW_r-^..4«yypj^,..viwmv -?nfj.iw.Mj?"!••uu.p 111mi|p^nvmnq^piraitedBefore Hon. Judge Smally.BOARDTHRSHIP BBVOrTBHBtB—SMNTRNCRTOTHREE YEARSHARDLABOR.the Comptroller, drawn by tbe Kreet Ossamtostoeer a a each appropriation and account, aee appendix marked ••A" AndforfulldetailsastotbeamountsopitedtoNov. 12.—The United Statu vs. George Dzvxr—The pris- each object a a d purpose, and for statements ofonerinthiscasewasconvictedorthemanslaughterora seaman named Humphreys, by knocking htm from the rigging of t h e Devonshire, into the sea, whereby he was drowned.meat lists deliveredto tbeCollectorof amounts paid by tbat officer to the City Chambet 1 amounts returned to the Clerk of Arrears, marked " B "of Colt's Armory, Hartford, Conn.,to the shape ofa valuable cane, made from tbe wood of the oslebrateo Charter Oak. Tbe handle consists of s a eagle's head ia front, and a buck's head on the back, with delicate carved representation o f o a k leaves twined all around, o n atoaniwertoaresotuttcBofinquiry TbeOoaimtosOnert reply thst the unexpeadel amount nominally stemmg to tbe credit of the appropriation, un<fer the head of Belgiaa pavement, on the 1st of January, i860, was $100,1x4 Ot- to wLicb add the appropriation of $Jse),00t far the proaest year, making $4ig.f>24 06 Prom January I , 1800 to April 1, there have been drawn iu the eeiUement of sun- dry contracts, $77,729 66. leaving tbe asexpetded batonce, April 1, $841,604 48. Frees thto asosont most be deducted $101.478 06 required for tbe aettiemoat ef ex- totteg contracts, Ipsvifgas the amount available tar other worse, after paying for those in progress, 8180,116 43. to also appears tbat t b e estimated cost o f those works amounts to 8*84,561, or $604,436 $8 to excess ef the available appropriation. A l l taese works, with f e w e x - ospttoas. were ordered by the Common Council after Oc- tober. 1818. The cosaaaaatcatien was orderedto be print- ed on tee minuter.The contract for building s new station boose hi Twsa- ty-seooBd precinct at $11,000 was oonfiraaed b y a vote mi 16 to 1.Toe report o f the Committee en Finance onoeurring wRB the Board of Councilman to donate $1,008 far tbe New York Magdatea Asylum wss laid over.aThe Committee on Finance, to whoa pamunieauon o f t h s Comptroller reporting a < ,044,438 11 to tbe aasesamsnt fund tor opening,tag sad axteadtef streets a a d avenues, taparted tsat, according to the OomptroUera statement, tin sosesst oa December 31,1868, wss to tote extent of $666,2r 63TBe amount of exvenctttiree on thto account dsrtog oaf year 1868, principally "or tbe pev meet of swards sat ex- penseaforwideningWhitehall,BeadesadDuanestress*, and opening Second avenue, was $1,600.171 M •aktog a total of $2,166,388 81.The amount receivedto I860 fee eoBeettoss uponaasaav meats f*r street openings, confirmed by the Supresas Court, was $1,116,86* t t . _ _Amount doe to the treasury on thto aceoast, Deosmber, 1869, was $1 ,€44 438 11.Theamountofawards payable fromthtofundandre- matotoig unpaid at the same time was $47,688 78, mating a total of $1,082,078 $ tARKssr or ASALLEGED Mtrasssnav-Ibefollowing$3*1,2188T In the heads of the Collector of Assessments. 4S6,S01 UA , , »« IrBwYeBa£^ ^!*J i U JA8.K.FlXT8,8beriff,BhelbyCo. It is presumed thst the murder w a s committed some.faR2ic l , 0 i^2!^* 5¥ »Mr. McFJroy'B kaa will be trifling.In the San tarj and 'In the Bureau of Street Improvemeato there bave bees expended $66,fM80. IntbeBuresaofWharves.$«,- 68128. Is the Bureau of Roads, sw^saVte •*• . itB Wr^.:**Si i• ' ••• *- -. a * * * * , * .Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069;- - i «tfwww.fultonhistory.com 