 jthat all who have shared the tedious ceremonies, tbe heaitate long before trusting half-matured machines x>Lnrrifcd aDxirtie?. snd tlie noisy cHmora of its progress, the hands ot a jury of award. The Power Hall hero. rie farmers, with their wives and children, were very4 'f#Itdrv *&.Ifrom one cause and another. The first difficulty,*ened public. Since then no public movements have- tbe great array. It has been very successful!*1#1 <• flittle as it has hurt us; nay, less. Y.t has not in- entrust valuable picture's to the tender mercies of a mis- the first drafted by James Madison and the latter hy year that this time you may lose something by stay- jured the splendor of their feathers, while it con- c-lk»n,.ou*.cio wd, which is Dever too cloa-iy watched. put in motion. On Monday and Tuesday, then, was plants were secured the widest spread! As it is, we.' * 'Celeb alien. The road is alive with farmers,. their wives,andwagons;th«e*ystarfty-earlyintheday, before your lite" breakfast is well bejjun. Some of them have geod teams and neat wagons, or the"heavenlyJTather—-oh.'yeoflittlefaith."jhan are already before the public. It is lamentable to a citizens' purse, which drew a crowd, of course,.andTKOVM.E AT WAjSHMGTOa.WASHXSCTON Ciiy,ySept, 15,1860.He doubtless knew .that,, brtho n ^ . of the goowjy,at the same time cakes, pies; and green apples, in. F^lfc were fry ri.e first 'time illaaibated wi'h. .enormous annear to do the fair chrng without nek of loss, bo i. the State, as -was anticipated!. The I show of aheep, she has toucaed r, off! and away it goes like a shot toall of wtricnurticlea alargeretoil business; is going- •Bengal lights, nlicrd r;pon the eigea o:' ij&ti precjmcsv aprears to your reporter, at any rate, and so it dosB to swine, and horses is also; very larger The other de- light full on that, bald bead in the front pew, and ad«tors. Ths'.Hl company,.who and eecoitirg t canje ha by Warrt-n ,ar.d 2 act, and ther*i ibislead-nsinin ously rei.TC-1 vsca, Klizsi>*t V*Ufe>, IrifbIowa, iitti.b^a Cotarry. W i : . .rracd street IT the " nfe and c consobdaied d Vinegar Bill : strong, then- korse :eau?'<.'..great crowd u wviiime them ^ dall of ^ri«cem In the evwic^ light pararJ- « Fuller, (ior. H—At Malor-s tbe Hihiust., t ?phn.d:d mee :oboring towx*; ^ S. E. Chiuei thisSute. Tb was B£ces*arcf ladies ^rer AwaVe«i«feit;«i Onthes^mcsi RepubKc»r;« County. T>» town-hall V M gathered ou^«hali'wat wtuof crowds at thethat Mr. Or* 4 tiasm. Th*w with the m a Piatt* h'irgb, ia well agoiag in Lawrtct-c—The Utau; y Vbmii.'Ptrlsoda position* takr n has" not b*;i>:. these cij;/,etBi Everett late s xvite couM«rvi*t tbe •*r*M<t guai tersfrom evey• daily receiv af^sunied by &Ii . refene<l to. Ayear*," reeid*rJsgla»gt>»ge" Th^ aot> «ui liitut*. '*ii "• • •. the rjr&Mla-'V-*.p«ttictiiHn ws<4 ri«»:>-id c'.,ccz*~:Lrfew wach m«c tfc* ryiag forward o?«H A ge:i'lem*athe same subj«" Th*r.k Mr ;>< jr.ar.j- tot*-* :*- >.i aace tLrouxbO"; U withuo<ttc«f«.-djDcdc/' at the i.oa: like Ms:, to.' 6«t Weight is tbe Us)A correal o»Jizerne Cor. PJ. •* Sfcc» writ-rif iatrinc,1 »jT?«r,-i* TkiM c]*d.T~\r.a ru tl"<*w h?i be«-3 -. *) addi: j: r.«»w. «lr- 3i—Mr. lhur-.n Hotel ia tLite ci Philadelphia, thof Boeton, the Clear Ho o«e,P class hotels, inv of several zmiii jnont, N H.—The' grar.d pencsylyauia ^ child of thre" < brought tVl'hiXaptsm_asa " re age, the capti-'n was scld toa_n; Miller. He nev had served <. at British oflicsr. tl There was one« Hon. John Cor< father having di Congress. Son trace the famil kind could be": that the capta n -trivmg. •- At aAmsterdam "*vas that age Io6t at i and carried off fami'j, and the.i—Calvin P. I K. Y., died at h day, the Sth inst of the pionsersdiflerent times hwas most eeteeU \ j v timately.'}••'"' M%''~ more stylish rockaway; but in general"the horses THE VJSIT OF CHE PR/.V<IE OFinterpretations are apt to lead only to more puzzle.Behold a seasonable instance ! a little thiDg to be par- by both the Douglas and Breckinridge Conventions of alleled, if need were, by many big ones. In this Sep- the present year. Also, farther extracts from theVJ\'£jj?mentary acquisitions of experience, ana whether for himself wbetter his own back be bruised or whole. 12 it will raise 4 v>73 gallons of water per minute from seeding or after the grain has appeared. Some object- one agrees or Wj it is .good to hear something. Theg*nejal8t)i'e will a', least bave their apartments the holds of our deepest vessels. ' ed to the ute of the roller after the grain had germi-Leaving the orator, we begin a perambulation of uDmfestcd with moral burglars, seeking to steal away In the Mechanics' Hail there ia a good show of fur nated. SpriDg plowiug for corn was recommended. the pens where various cattle are Jbield for exhibi- their deceit fame. The Canadian Government will be niture, some of it highly ornamented with carving, and Prairie breaking bas been done after the grass has tion. Here we find some enormous draught-oxen, suddenly relieved of a thousand minor though harass- some fine cutlery ana plated goods Near the door started'and while it i* growiog.. If at anyotner tiin.8 and one huge beef-creature, who, jregaicled as a there is a fire-proof safe, more highly- ornamented with it has been found to fail to rot. Peceut experiments, possible sirloin, is stupendous. There are some ing duties, as well as tbe absorbing and! preeminent bronzed work, plating, and paint, than any I ever saw. however, prove that if the Double Michigan Plow is handsome couples of yearling steeds, some cows, one of holdirgin check the irrepressible arrogance of the The exhibitors, Hall, Caryl & Co., of Cincinnati, are used, turning a light furrow from one to one and a halfand a bull of English parentage, arid *' I guess a few lordliest among the republican scribes! And those aoconfld-ent of its salamander and burglar-proof quali- inches deep with the first plow, and from three to six ieetle the handsomest calf you 've seen this some- the hope of whose riddancejwakens all this joy—they, ties, that tbey offer liberal inducements to any one who inches with the second, the sod quickly decays, even, if • will burn it up o r rob it There ia a man at the other plowed late in tbe PaD, in January, February, March, 43ne"—a statement which you so^n verify. W e too, may chance to have their fmaller eeoae o.'aatia- end of the building who is giving practical proofs all or April. This is important to ne w settler here. He view the sheep with some interest; Ithe mutton of factiop'in their coaaiDg extrication from the woes and day long of the menta of hia patent-artificial leg. He should know it, and may profit, bv the knowledge. theislandisdeservedlypraised,and!Jon'tweeata indjgnit;eswhichoppressthem. Nomore;forthemthe walkaonit,turnsitsjointstoandfro,worksthe DuringouropenWintera.agooddealofbreikingmav£rcat deal of it? lamb or mutfpn being the sprintrs, and keeps up a rnnningfire ^of commentary be done in-this manner, which will greatly assist in get- . invariable alternative offered' Wr the . coun- bended foim and ear acute .at friendly kejhole. No that attracts a constant crowd. The American Watch ting a paying crop from his laud the firat year, which ••• try butcher, occasionally vajied by a more the hours of close affiliation with pliant cooks Company 'B special agent keeps watch and ward over is convenient, if not necessary—especially if hia re-stray fishmonger who arrives in a l art, and takes and aympathetic footmen. No more the J throats pol- tbe case of beautiful simples of their watches which sources be limited. . ,*1 leave promising to return, which i|> never "does. luted by the angry gripe • of " minor officials." No tbey have sent for exhibition. Ever since this''Com-pany started it bas confined itaelf to the manufacture Spring vs. Winter Wheat was the subjeect chosen-, —" Autumn lnyiDg hero mid there' A fiery flngt r on the leaves;"—a ringlo fmoke rising from a remote cleariug to the bright clouds above. There is a fresh, subject for the painter, if ho treats it properly and faithfully to Amer- ican color, foliage, life, arid character, it may be a suc- cess. His colcrs may.be the clearest audbaghtest, for at no season are. the gre3u ofthe meadows, the blue ofthe ekies, and the reflected hues ofthe waters, more brilliant. Why it is, we are not able to say, but cer- tainly at this time of year there often spreads,with the sunshine over the face of nature an almost metallic lus- ttr, quite unlike the moister and softer coloring of Spring and Summer.- Outlines are hard and sharp, shadows are distinct and clearly cut, aud a peculiar vivimess of both form and color is perceptible on all things. ... m jGrasshoppers are not very plenty this rainy!season, yet they continue to annoy us nu-al people in one way or another. Yesterday a party of ladies who] liRd on their way to church crossed a meadow, netted iu their bareges (or whatsoever the external tilm of " woven air'- which forms the outer covering of their apparel is called) a number of these energetic insect?. Escaping<P m ~ ^rI ¥tbot-house grapes, handsome peaeljps, creditable nees they may make a lasting reputation for superior Central Illinois in favor of Spring wheat. Why? It . erookneeks and other squashes; Ujf stairs again vanishing, like cuttle-fish, into a fetid obscurity of their Tt orkmanahip. as they bave in the larger size. It would coats lcBo to cultivate it and ia a surer and larger crop.gbere, is an exhibition of fancy abides, to wit; own creatioD, blacker and more nauseous than all the be -unfair to leave thia building without noticing some It is more profitable ao a crop in rotation. ' Plow the coffins, boots and shoes, upholstery, ci rest? refrigerators: which atand at one aide, especially as i land early in the Fall deep, and in Spring early, even enables us to apeak of a mean way eome people have when the frost i8 but partially out of the ground, sow rpet« curious- The Prince's hurried route lay from Toronto through • of acting. Side by aide are two refrigerators, one it, and harrow in. Some asserted the crop was aa sureaetm to'have sown their wild oats long ago, and noty«t to bave gathered in their tame ones. They areof the sort that the droopiDg; j outstretched headand neck unduly elongate; j and when theyslowly climb the steep hill in front'' ofour demesne, we wonder whether they will notlengthen out to a mathematical definition, and dis-speeches ofthe Hon Stephen A. Douglas, showing hia\' •••TUe consternation in thd! Departments Itere was it grew rapidly worse. The wind, swept batsand feathers, and laid no very j;eutle hand upon• w s e d b y t k e expot«$ of the Floyd-Clerical affair petticoats-ryour Mooned skirt is a very treacherous^jjonjy beimagined,not dewsiibed. The swear article;butfacessufferedmost,and werepinched,FAIL ISCOMING.States of New-York, New-Jersey, and Pennsyl- the element* of a ."tate of things Whether you vania,, principally, but something has occurred to prefer it to the Nor'easter or no, is a question of changethedestinationofthemoney. I-leamfrom coldwithoutorwarmwith,forth?Sou'westeris the best authority that! ever} dollar of it is to be not icy, and •the water with which it liberallyusedintheStateofPennsyrauiatopromotethe bathesyouwould,underother"<ircumstartces,.be election of Mr. Foster, as the-' think that his elec- of an agreeable temperature. Yo get."through; it, tion in October will insute t defeat of Mr. Lin- however, after an hour or so of darkness, doubt com in November, and throw te election into the and drenching, coming insight of a familiar light, Bouse. The reader will recollect what Mr. Bu- which is all you can see, for the time, of the piacerealized, viz: that of continuing tbe fair over the greater part: of two weeks; thus jhere is not the same liktlihosdofpecuniarydisaster-fromrain-stoimeasif the whole thi'.'g were compressed into four days. The grounds are very large and well suited to the pur- pose, bat they are oversight miles'from town by the railroad, aDd as tbn compauy, with a want of liberality and foresight, which doubtless springs from their re- cent consolidation, charges forty cents for excursion trips tne crowds aie thus far much smaller thin theyjudgment; they pile Pelim'upon Ossa several times Onr wildflowera are hoisting thc-ir jgay signals of spray aa being •"aa big as a house." Passing off t«nigh-,, and expect farm-tools to 'accomplish miracles. Autumn, too. The cardinal lobelia flaunts its scarlet al;ore, it diminished, doing no damage/save atrippingAfterawhiletbeywillnotrecommendajploworreaper spikebythewaterside,andasitfadesitssomewhat andetrewingafewtbottsandsofleavesandtwiga,and unites it can apeak .French!.modestereourininsky-bluecom«souttomarkanother seemedtoriseupandsoaroff,balloon-like,totheeast-Thomas Daniels of Toledo, Ohio, has a novelty in step toward i loet and enow. '. The golden rod stands in ward. Probably it was identical in character,- tv.oogh. the shape of a soda-water fountain which dischargeethe sirup and eoda simultaneously into the tumblerH. brilliant beauty in the cornera of the railfences and the inferior in mischievou* power, to tbe tornadoes of b'k« -thus inauiirg a complete mixture of the two. He has edgAof the pastures. A handaome thing is hard to appearance, one of which destroyed houses and barns,a number of air-tight eirup cans beneath the counter, find, but its commonness abuts the eyes of most from with auch explosive fury, near Utica, a few yearjchanan said on this subject, only three or four years ago, in his Fort Du Quesne jcelebration letter—a truthful commentary mdeedj upon Democratic honest;.each of them connected by one flexible tube, with a n<Ht group-cock," and by another with an air-chamber, admiring it, & l they pass by to look at some poor,There will be at least two niiore taxes levied uponthe officeholders here, and collected before the elec- «But since this savage epoch, the:leather has done tion. TheTe were three in ta« Presidential canvass i's utmost to efface remembrances of its caprices- of 1866, and one for almost jrvery election held in nay, it even overdoes its penitence, and hugs us a Maryland or Baltimore City up to the last Mayor- little more warmly than we could vish. For in itswhen there will be-fifty thouaana on the ground daily. regulate the pressure of air upon any or all the sirups more aplendid than the patch of this! deapiaed plant at will, and discharge them along with the soda byalty election, to say nothing of[the partially abortive angor, it didmake sad work, and ;ore up respecta- . attempt to raise the money to reimburse Mr. Wen-Jk& for the money expended! in the Pennsylvaniaelection mentioned m the Covode Investigation.' TRUTH.FROM NEWMRT.Correspondence of Tbe N. ST. Tribmj<|j NKWPOFihr, S e p t 17,YoTkboat land its passeDgers. but snapped the thickcables as soon as they were thrown and strained,for as much as an hour together. Walking in ourvalley next morning, we found the ground'strewnwith twigs and broken branches. Our neighbor'scorn is down as low as the sheave» of wheat that agement nas been purged of its most objectionable fea- Mr. IVIerrjman's Mike, asked him how Calvin's milker cloudless eky overhead, as far as eye can distinguish ences are decidedly in favor of the Republican party,DEAR TRIBUNE: The yearljv Agricultural Fair and Cattle-Show is the only hijitorical event of the week just ending, known to JOur humble servant and correspondent. Tbe occasion is not one that.inspires or compels eloquence; yet such a3 it is you cball hear about it.. In the first place, with a singular felicity, tbn«e who have the appointing of it contmue to necure tbe worst weather which thewaterfall, on the other hand, is in great heart since •whereas at Chicago, there were barrels of ale and bot-the recent flood, and makes almoieb as much noise tlesof liquors on tap for the great a'-iriy of u invited 0with a sort of half wink and half leer, " I couldn't have I shall vote for Mr.' Lincoln. My associates and co- field, every minute one of these little balloons.comes partners in business will exercise their right of suf-.:ing away. If anything ever is to be lost in thissiderably diamied the brightness of our's. I)i spite The machinery and implement display ia very line. the usual confusion of preparation. Yesterday (Tues-can only eay that in this, as in some other things, our Thomas Jtfferson, which; resolutions, as far as theyspecial interests do not eeem to have' been solely con- are applicable to tbe present time, form a part of the sidered, and that we had best avoid undertaking to Democratic national plitfonus—inasmuch as these reso-eay.whythingsaresoandnototherwise. Suchwise lutionswereincorporatedintotheDemocraticplatformpassing tutor admonishes the" pupils walking beside relation thereto, in which, from the record (which is him to mark tbe beneficent arrangement whereby the' appended in each case), that eminent candidate for thenobie animal is given a handy fly-flap to protect himself Presidency appears in the character ,of a friend of the from the petty tormentors. With all due respect to Wilmot Proviso, a defender' of the Missouri Compro- the promulgators of such easy lessons, we submi; two mise, an advocate of the "irrepressible conflict," &.c. ' questions: If tbe horse was not to be bitten, why were, Also, the important points decided by the Supreme not the flies left unmade or formed ou vegetarian prin- Court in the famous Dred Scott case, taken from How- ciples ? Per coDtra, if the flies were to live, and as a ard's Reports. Al*o, extracts fr >m tbe enactments of means thereto endowed with such sanguinary appe- the Territorial Legislature of New-Mexico, "topro- tites, why was the horse fitted with a toil to plague vide for the protection of property in slaves," and " an them while at their dinner? We have no solution to. act amendatory of the law relative to contracts be- tbis or other instances of " nature at war," of which tween masters *nd servants," hy which white men and the world is so full; suffice it that so. it is, and so women are held in serfdom. Also, the vote by Yeas science proves it has beeu ever since, unnumbered mil- and Nays in tbe House of Representatives on Mr. lions of years ago, the sharp-toothed fish of the sub Bingham's bill " to disapprove and declare null andI860.bowed in Joseph's d/eam, but it is fallen like Luci- tures. I have yet to learn of a single officer of the So- bad worked. "Oh, bedad," saye he, "it'sanilKgant and, that although I desired the nbuiination of Mr. thing entirely. It did frustrate." " Did it take IoDg its starry balls of down show brilliantly sun-illumined Seward, by the Republicans in Convention at Chicago,fer and Cardinal Wolsey, never to ise again. Our ciety ordering a bottle of wine at its expense thia year, to atrip her?" I aaked. "Will, now," replied Mike, against the dark blue ether. Walkmg by-roads oron. I hove said the weather wa« bad; sueb as itaod^wi bin the accessible '^cayeros be.ind t^e c-Uara-it.The^res'whici.buist'from beneath ingreatguaheaof ° Sneakmff of infrmgementa reminds me that iu writ- ing recently from the 3STew-Jersey Fair, I mentionedblazing red and wbife seemed to niiogle with f.h-3 roll- that A. B. Allen of New-York was showing a new --ii>gwaters,.'until Niogara looked likeavastfloodof work, somewhat modeled afterthe "Buikeye"ma-partments have been equaled before, jhers to it with all i>s cUwv. Children laugh, growu people's faces look queer, as the safferor, nervously lifting hia hand, bra* he* the unknown invader back to d;opinsidehi*collar, where,with rapidgraspsofita sbarp-sbod fore feet and vigorous kick with its hinder one, it auffgoat;, to him the idea of a lavantula or scor^telvesinonewayandanotbe:,batthemajority purityofcolor. Finally,onehasenough, and .glowingv?ith:heinost;wonderfula'ndva-yingcolore. •nfy swear. It was a melanci oly sight' to see ven- takes leave, intending an expedition to town. For hours thfeeextrao dinary effeefs were sustain-id, erable men, and men in their prime, cowerittg or with late return, which a deluge of rnin iuipedee, •to the a?tSnTshcient, of aU'who gazrd,,;.'%; none bad-but does not prevent. For you lefive the hospitablefcrastering with impotent rafe. There are. many door of your entertainer (you {have been dining foreseen such pcxwerfnl results fromso sijoapie/aaex-putonrecordintheTriETRTIUTNKthattbeydenythat this mower is an infringement on tbe Buckeye; and that, if the truth were known, the Buckeye itself is copied after two or three two-wheeled f;ldmgbar machinfa.of prior invention, the models of which mayfeoafewweeksofsunshineandwarmthmayyetbetrytokeepthemquiet;itisnottbethingatalltopop added to the too-brief twelve which have paaeed since them about upon your neighbore.chilly May departed. But the fiigng of an accomplished W e had a n.vel meteorob gical spectacle one hot,' season begin to ahow themselves very visibly, many ofthem pleasant enough in themselves, only like the Vir- cloudy, thundery day, not long since. The observerFrom Oar Own Reporter. • *'than during corresponding, days at any previous fair of the Society. Of course, the receipts were proportion-tember air, every out-door horee is in a perpetual pes-ter with flies, nipping him before, behind, around. various and ever varying opinions on Slavery in the Here and there he switches his bushy tail, and the Territories and the powers and duties of Congress iaappear. We, ourselves, must*r rather strong attbe moment of departure, for th^ children, the help, tbe m<-«t prol >Dged and extravagant c> irse of shovvy ia in placing the 200 feet line of shafting within four orand the stranger within our gate.j, are all furiously tVeiivn^f that, evtr a nation was called u;>on to supply,oi a guest to endure. Lookiog back through the seven twenty-five cents to see it, ar^l the spending of week/ whicii hd.v« passed sines the Prince's landing asfivefeet of the ground. Thus if any accident-or de- rangement happens to any pulley it may be removed with ease, repaired, and replaced; while the rocking of tbe building ia entirely avoided. Decidedly the fea-bent On attending the Fair, pfoba| *ly because it costsmoney, especially that of otherj people, doe* give Hv.jji'jix— and oh ! what IoDg and weary weeks they tures of this department are the largo three-roller sugaran added zest to life. So we iiake sail with all have been—there is so.litt.le to be discerned apart from mill at work, and the machinery for boiling cotton-you need it most. By and by you discern the flags,and then the wooden building they adorn, standi-»gpowei maintained.through. Eyes-are blinded by thie ceaseless glitter, and on irquity. that farmers.are getting to use portable en- the mind is exhausted by the endless appeals of cheap, gines very generally forthreshiog, and all Avell-wisherasKEW-WMBIL JDAffiLYSEPTEMBER I0J©ihers to Dlame in this matter beside Secretary out), so chsTged with the positive electricity. of |>eriment. . . .; <• • -• ' .' ,. be seen at tha United Statea Patent. Office. No oneExtremes are always rc.yeting. FI^-TI, the..midnight glories of Niagwa,. tbe Pri.Kje went the n*x<, day.to feel that you can hurt it more than it can damage view the hazardoxtsexploita of the mouutebiik :,who The De Groot affair appears to be all in a muss you.. The last laugh of the gay [circle still ringing daily risks hie life for the enterfcaioment of ait enlight-will deny that the Buckeye and E. Ball's mower, which- ia much lik* it, arc capable of doing excellent wnrk, snd so no doubt may .be said ofthe new Allen machine, although I have never seen it at work. The old S. B. Allen mower is shown here, as it is everywhere, and holds its own in the van Qfwhose char account I g:ve, fi3t looking upon the Jake,' when a mile or so above, three or four light " shade* streaksofxam"descendingfromadarfcloud, u Z tomoveacro.extf.-omwe^toea.t. Soon they ^ e w daiker, andi^ganto revolve around each other liko the shafts of *«*•«**& atd round, faster aud faster,Floyd, many others, and any) woe acquainted with tbe circnmlocntion ofi^ce henj can designate them; I will not. • .warmth, good spirits, and. good.fellowship, that you do not at first perceive the stoqm, or perceiving,ginia reel that ended tbe evening in our young days, they lose their zest when we remember that they are theJaatofthepleasures. ,jBlackberries, for instarce, are good things, but their enjoyment is a little checked when we think that theym your ears .keeps out awhile the whistling andthe injunctions has been renjoved, but Be Groot roaring of the wind, and the responsive shivering Deenmade, and none will -be, until the departure to- in EDgLmd, in the hands of Burgess & Key,aimftelf has BOW disappeared; . H e has some half j Of the timbers of Nature. But when the hail blows morrow for Hamilton. dozen agents who have an interest in the claim of J into your eyes,, and the rain maies little riversare the last fruits of summer, and we imagine that we while the cloud above blackened and lengthened down- the • McCormick reaper. The Mark Lane Express taste in th'mthe acid chill ofthe freshening north- ward through them, tbe water beneath began to whirlfrom $500 to $15,000 each, who are fearful that he intends to swindle them. De Groot has locked him- self up in a private ro- m in the house oi one of the agents, in order, as is said, tolkvoid the rest.down your neck, and a pond in your Jap, then youfully awake to the discomforts pf your situation.Now do not fear. 1 have recently described a drivein the wind, and shall not attempt a picture of From Our Own Reporter.says that it was put to a teat of au extraordinary naturethis Summer. The Judges at a Fair, after testing allwester. Tomatoes are welcome, making their late though blushing entry,—but they are here inevitablyin rapid circling wave?, aDd spray arose and filled the air. The thing quickly assumed tbeform of a marineditto in the rain. You all know what a regular ployees of the Government by the Administration Sou'wester is, and how it stirs Creation. Add. to has been collected. . It was lbtended to be u*ed in it pitch dark, one's best clothef no water-proof,CINCINNATI, O., Sept. 15^.1860.Society ha&now been IQexiet^nce four days, and has Judges expect of a machine next'7 The ordinary diffi-The fiTst tax levied upon th» salaries of the em-about eix more to run. A new plan has been adopted carrying the elections for the Democracy in the and a little one in the carriage, an i on* has, I hope this year, by which it is hoped that much profit will becult-.f s which would be encountered on a farm are not enough for these /gentlemen of fastidious but erraticcoin in this latitude aavors of a summer heat, and faid a fisherman who was nearer to it than he liked®x 2pS mTHE U. S. AGRICULTURALs^esomepoormechanicbringinganinferiorharvester to a Fair at considerable expense, when at a glance sidled men see tbe utter inadequacy of the implementWU.ES. to the uses of a farmer. So it i8 with other agricultural implements, and so we may expect it to be until the good time comes when no awards will be given until every competing implement hits been thoroughly tried in practice. Let it once be kn0 wn that they must un-filledthelargeamphitheater,tothegreatsatisfaction of those interf sted in the sale of sests. To-day the thoroughbred cattle were exhibited in the ring in the forenooD, and iu the afttrnoonthe thoroughbred horses.:' The attendance the first two days was much grea erat Cincinnati in 185«>, and that platform was readopted. *'•,tbe resources in tbe ord nary way, made them try-toeut grass over which a 1,600 pound roller bad been associated with frequent calls for coverlida and all waten?pout (of which the observer bad seen many iaj^iapARA, Sept 17,1800.Th« Pimce'e Canadian vi?it is now so near its close dergo thia experimentum crucis, and inventors would* ately larger. To-day, up to noon, the crowds of prai-large. Just before noon the clouds promised rain. It sprinkled some, and there was a painful falling Off in rtc«-ipt8. The promise of fair weather hereafter, how- ever, gives hope,that the openincr prospects—that this wculd lie one of the most successful fairs pecuniarily— njay yet be realized.About'forry acres, of beautiful woodland adjoining the Pair grounds have been set apart and prepared for available vehicles, leaving the ho| se-dog unwillingly seed, and making the oil. The cane-mill, with its'.. camping-grounds. The entire ground is covered withnjaj_ eafely revel in the hope of a speedy release from i8.by -far the best in respect of strength that the Na- tionalSociety bus ever had, and a greac improvementijit. msizy vistii of garlandtd towns and gorgeous halls " cine-carrier,'7 ar>d " bagasae-ahoot," occupies at^ni a, wagons, and carriages, in which are campedthousands of men and woaen, youpg aud old. Tbeyhave come here distances ranging frookteu to fifty andseventy-five miles, in their own conveyances. It isone ofthe most animating Bcenea the writer has everlooked upon—that camping-ground to-night,/with, itshundred fires, movbog lighta and figures, hum of voices—here of conversation, a political discussion it;may be, carboniferous periods converted the smaller fry into void all Territorial acts or parts of acts, heretofore or-a talk upon agriculture, the light chit-chat of dads diet, and left in their rejutamenta such sad remains as passed by the Legislative Assembly of New-Mexico,. and lasses, or the graver gossip of thrifty housewives, the scales and little bones, (which make the fossil cop- >which establish, protecr, or legalize involuntary servi-to guard the premises. .The coi ntry road we have of reoption, and brilHaoi balls and levees without length of 140feet, and the engine of 70-horse powerto iollow is pretty, out very narr w in parts. We. .nr/iubtr, :ill new inextricably cobfased-*-so Jittle that elicits general admiration for-it's-beauty of workman- are to glad that no one 'happens ;o be coming from kiarda on;- in prominent and memorable relief from the ship and steady action.. The whole—apparatus, en-the Fair, snch meetings necessi sting an awkward gine, mill, and all—are sold for $10,000 by the Niles pause, and the hitching of one vheel up a baok of •fif.e.ry back-ground of perpetual pageantry, that it Works of thia city. A constant unvarying motion ismconvenient bight, with inward prayeTS that gravi- ^eewf» as if, IDspite of all the hon^et enthusiasm, the given to the rollers by the use of double gears, for thus ty may bold its own, and not gwe way just vhen jn*t pride and cordial delight that have almoet every- the weight isalways.being carried past centers, and thewhere been ao.earnestly manifested, tbe period.of this vbi: had beeD, to all immediate.participators, the mostOne very noticeable feature of this show is the Dum-tbe chorus of a dozen voices in good time, or the more rolites so interesting. " E a t and be^eaten" has beencareful mutic of a quartette. Here old veterans, piou- tude, or Slavery, within said Territory, except as aeers who suoke and talk apart of the early time, look the rule from the beginning, and we may rest assured punishment for crime, upon due conviction."upon their children, the exhibition hero, the panorama' that it is all right, however we may suspect a misad- . —-A mass meeting of the southern towns of thein the midst of a green and adequate inelosure. Asyou draw near, the concourse of wagons, carriages, y.rofitless and unsatisfactory they ever have passed ber of portable saw-mills and portable engines. I find..BOSSSBB*k*l'.'.:,'w!m$$.mmmm'^ft^t^K!^f^M^Hi^^< ^0fi>{ '^»mTRIBUI«iE>" WS©]^JS©ATf,•< '••;••<•The exhibition of cattle Is very large, the largest yet •*•• music, to wljich they Ksten-with pleasure, di.scusaing b*ie fcojoTxraiog. 0^: xkf> evening'of'his arrival, the Bradley: con d do nothing ofthe sort,so that he could made by the Society, and embraces the finest stock in lowhJg it up with the tip of its p'nk finger, aud-—tliere!iag of the army in Flanders; was nothing to it. and made to show the blue, whit) and red which, .ponring fiame, and the reuses that. rose, from the rocks chine, and regarded as an infringement by'them. Both ;tbeee machines and "a boast of others are here, aud theSummer is over, says the almanac.; Wo may hopethat eo many days of grace are allowed to Winter, afterthe expiration of bis traditional term with February, pion. When you bring grasshoppers to church, ladijsf-.gome few of the plunder-mongers excuse them constitute the flag of our country but not in great below like the uprising,of a* myriad of gficteruig sparks, Allen people are very naturally anxious to have me[••'•' FAIR.the London firm who have improved and monopolizedpassed several times! The Allen machine went brave- available broad-spwadiag household fabrics, to shelter the tropics), and moved across.the Like, whirling with The eighth annual fair of the National. Agricultural ly through this test, but- what, in the world'will not the precious vines from the. mighty cold. Even green great velocity, and roaring "like a great fanning mill »where you belong.*' And lov«r'« vow» are Dot «o »wec by nfght •"A* bllDd'eea wiudow» that Jet oat the 15ght" Wh«-» Hgbt in bome, «B<1 home i*' vhat y o i seek"—taking away a'surplus. If Mr. Treasurer French can Philadelphia, and has done such good work that it is gay and frail sisterhood, there will be a keen tang fn proprietors of The Sunday Mercury, and do not,,as but bear oii' % draft, on Washington for $10,000, we fairly entitled to an introduction to our farmer friends the air, and fingers will be cold .picking apples and far as I am concerned, wish to be misrepresented, I may reasonably expect the Society to commence a ca- aa a tbmg worthy of attention, ifnot of adoption. It was potatoes. ask you to state that' I; am not an " organ" of any reer of usefulness. Pretty much all of that old hum- tried by a Committee on a young Hereford cow of Mr.bug of fancy marshals and processions, and "grand Merrvman'satthe Fairgrounda to-day. I was exam- One ofthe marked features of early Autumn is the political party. And beyond that, you will oblige me banquets,"''-has-been done away with, and the man- ining,the Hereford class later iu the day, and meeting thistledown; the air is full of it. Looking up into the if you will allow me to add, that my political prefer-I purposely leave the fourth liie to be supplied by the ambitious among you,were at Chicago lasi year, on the corresponding days. into which air may. be forced by a small pump. By plain foreigner raised with ill-repaid paiDS in a garden. The local officers here say, however, that the hey-dayof the fete will come on Tuesday or "Wednesday next, means of a cock to each pipe at the air-chamber he can Solomon, in all hie gilded glory, could hardly have beenPOLITICAL.TO'day has been the best of'the three in that respect, merely turnirg the button cocks of both together. The which stands in any neglected corner.; If it were a ANOTHER ACCESSION TO THE REPUBLI- and yet there have not been more than ten or twelve man is a poor droggh-t, I believe, and I therefore cheer- Dative of China or the Himalaya, and would grow only CANS. « . .t.bona»nd visitors on the grouods. The total receipts fully introduce his"invention to the notice of his breth- with nursing and petting, what a penny t'r.e florists To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune. ,thus far have been about-$8 000, whilep considering ren in the trade. would turn by selling its-roof s 1 The astera are not Sm: It was stated in your paper of this day a week,.that the Society gets the use of its grounds atd struc- That mitking-machine, which has been noticed yet fairly-out,'when tbey are in fall bloom, last of the that. Tlie Srimlqy> Mercury was an organ of Mr. ble trees by the roofe, and wouldn't let the New- tures gratis, there is no great reason to doubt their' twice in our paper, is shown here by L. O. Colvin of Stephen A. Douglas. As I happen.to be one of thefilled me pipe wid tobakkv before he had her pumped sailing by our faces; and in a still day on the lake, not trage, and for whom they please. As far as The as puDlic opinion after an election. But the dear guest ," and the liquor and "feed'.' bill amounted to as dhry as a wbiatle." This is pretty near the truth,little pair of humming birds who have their nest in many hundred'dollars. ' • • ,.'.':.. for Mr. Kershaw, an extensive Philadelphia dairyman, a square rod of water but has one of them rolling over Mercury is concerned, it will not, with my consent, ssme sweet bower above the waterf ill, and who are The show of cattle ia not more than a third as large who is here, tells me that he has milked twenty-four the surface or waterlogged in it. Surely the provisions espouse the cam-e of Mr. Douglas, or of any faction or all day in that large bush with the yellow flowers, as at Ct.wajjo, in part owing to -the•foolish fear of cows in an hour,.and is now milking forty-five of hi3 of nature for the diffusion of weeds are most elaborate party opposed to the right3 and principles of the freethrilling their tiny .wings as with the keenness of an peuro-pneumonia, and in part to the bitter and sus- cows with it; and that it will empty a cow of twelve and admirable, while the seeds really valuable to man, people of the North. ;inward joy; what has become of t iem ? Has Che tained opposition of the State Board of Agriculture. quarts in a minute and a half. This milker eucks theYour obedient servant and frfeudU, S.'S. SOUTH WORTH,storm killed our little favorites, -at ;he end of their There are more h e sea here than at Chicago, and quite teats the same as a calf, and hence it does not leave the peas and beans, wheat and maiee, apple seed, melon as good ones, I thirsk. You may have some idea ot the milk-passage relaxed and ruin the' cow, as some ,of its seed, and the like, are heavy, slippery things, with a,New- York, Sept. K, I860.happy Summer '. Creep cautiously lear the bush— Dumber, when I tell, you that the 20G stalls were filled piedecep8ofa have done. ; no, you have been too sudden. 'There they the fir.-1 day, and a ecore or so more animals are.tendency to drop down juet wheie they grow. No downy parachute, no winged appendage, aids them tomon'h of September e*n be induced to yield. It is swift, startled, making a bee-line for the hidden camped in temporary shelter. The Horticnltural de- usually located in the middle <|f a storm," and thus nest, whence the mfinitisimal.;egg:* have probably partment is not tobe opened until next weak, by which—We are authorized to state that Mr. Thomas C«ILLINOIS STATE FAIR. t w o rainy days, if not three, are made sure of. issued hffore this, on wings of their jwn. So 8 mall time all tbe fruit from the National Pomologies! Con- Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.and yet so strong. Not an aichangd's pinion can gress at Philadelphia will have reached here. It isflutter or eoar widely and spread their useful kind; Acton, Commissioner of Police, will not be a candidatesuch barbs, hooks, and other adhesive contrivances as for-the'office of Register at the, ensuing election, norYou -have often attended it, iia the vague hope offinding amusement or instructifm Failing ever in fancies of wings bear them. Joy i of parentage, tbe fauoue Ciiicionati Horticultural Society, a'gr?-ndJACKSONVILT-E, I I I . , Wednesday,.Sept. 12, 1860.way, this year was not tbe time; But I anticipate. of Darwin, we must recurfto the wor i: *•' Aiid not Ivich 'ear there seem to be more mowers and reapers day) there was a trial of speed of horses in harness for Do not let me forget the pleasant features of the •va -sparrow falleth to the ground without your to show than ever before, and too often worse onesbakl that, what with these, and the eontributio.i3 ofbear him more directly to his point, ;han these littlethis, you have still gone on, as one pursues an un- too, in that' tiny breast—matronly solicitude and Pojrologieal and Flor«l Show may be expected. The and Tuei day were employed in the reception, entry, —An enlarged edition of the Political Text-Bookfor the dissemination of buirdocks, tongweeds, "stick- successful lotteiy ticket, tearing that when you give Pine Arts Halla'are very jpoorjy filled, and, in fact, it and arrangement of articles, organization of commit- which we deem of any use. Is there any lesson init up somebody else will drawls prize with it. So housewifely providing of worms, 6\: whatever the is difficult to see theparticular benefit to be derived from tees, and to-day the icorh of.the Pair commenced. The this ? Were the case reversed, how much would bo will soon be isf ued, iu which will be ridded the famous: A you k«»«p visiting the Cattle [Fair, fearing every young ones eat. Aud the storm has hurt tlem as the opening of this department, for no artist wishes to books bave been given committees, and the machinery said of the capital arrangement by which the useful Virginia and Kentucky resolutions of 1798 aad 1799,and omnibi is such as to puzzle your Pilotic capaci- ties,- and you heartily improvise such sums as the following: if six vehicles stand [all in a heap to- gether, and one endeavors to, go through them, what will be the probable breakage ? S^tate also the dam- age to fife and limb; the bay carft yonder,.like thesquare of minus one in a former letter, must not be neglected. If you run into that baker's wagon, you wiS stand a very great chance ofj being minus one yourself. The horse you drive, is, Jtowever, an artfuldodger, and with his help you get through. An extraquarter gives you the glory of driving in,' wagon cially religious. '••...' The pump combines both the centrifugal and screw quainted with the other. Tbe hospitality aud open- as picturesque and pleasant as the classic vintages of eeq., the nominee for Congre?8, and by Judge Culver children, and all. The first object ylpu see isthe orator It is hard to suy who will welcome wi,a greatest ea- principles. An encased conical screw/ consisting of heartedneBS of our people is here exhibited. E very- the Old World; the grape clusters are not more grace- of Brooklyn.. The Wide Awakes from the severalof tbe day, mounted on a staging, iiis bare head pro- gerness the restoration to comparative tranquillity two couea, with their apices outward t> bxlauce the tl it»g i? in common. All have come to enjoy and help••xcitement. Itie so-easy to be surfeited with this pas-try-work of ceremony and sensation. Nobody regretsto American agriculture will look hopefully for the time when we will have thia. great improvement as geDerfcJly in use as-"it is auiODg the farmers of Great Britain. Owners of plantations along the Mississippiof trains thronged with, a live population coming and going, rub their eyes and discover they are not dream-This Industrial Camp Meeting is one of the most hopeful features of the Pair. It is significant of the self-reliant, indep*endent character of our people, of tbeir prac ical ability to fake CSTO of themselves,«fthe education in this ie?pect the children of the early set-justment when.it comes our turn to be eaten. Bat let County of Cayuga, N. Y., was held at Moravia, onthat it is almost over, not even those' wpose interestsdepend upon the duration of the season of jubilee. Atd River have been examining with interest tbe operationus withdraw from this deep speculation on thistledown and flies to make more practical observations.the 13th hist. It was attended by 3,000 or 4,000 of the intelligent farmers and mechanics, their wives and daughters. Jndge Colver and Mr. Pomeroy, the can- didate for Congress, addressed them.here, least of all where Nature H al^afe calmly re-buking the weakness ar>d vatify of the little acbem?sof iwo large and powerful draining pumpa One of them, invented by E. Peyno'ds of. Aurora, Indirua, is pumping—or can pump with a full preesure of ateara—' There is another sign of Autumn going by,—thatlongwagon loaded with girls bound to the hop-pickiog; ameiiy party it is, rattling along with straw hats aadshalwsflappiDgand flying, and chatter" and laughter Y., assembled in mass, meeting, at Cazenoyia, on theby which men reridw to on« another an artificial hom- at the rate of 1 ,*200 gallons per minute. The water ia tles have received. There is no disorder, no confu- age, is the remembrance of tbe recent eh >ws held spe- sucked up two.eleveu inch pipes and discharged through sion, nothing boitter.ous. All meet here aa friends, as—Nearly 4,000 Republicans of Madison Couunty, N.tected by the stateliness of an tunbrella. A very end thrust of the shaft, gives the wat «• a certain tolerable audience surrounds him,; but itsSmembers which is premieed af'er the brief virit to Hamilton. amc imt of centrifugal motion, and thus the large body come and go; few hear him/ through. Tie has a The Prince baa certainly Dot the least cause for thanks- of wstri* is na:«ec through a moderate-aized pump Aothers to ei>joy—to learn of and teach others, to inter- ful than 'Ihe, hop flowers hanging in dense masses oh towns in tbe county, 400 or 500 strong, met iu the even-change experiences, opinions, and abstract facts. the po3tj3sf;ttUir are the vineyards on the Rhine or Q-a- ing; ihey, with an audience larger than that in thea single fourteen-inch pipe iu a steady stream. neighbors. Introductions are not needed. Each is ac- not a little.- This barley-wine vintage of ours is quite 1-ith inst., where they were addressed by W. Lansing,The fanners' evening meetings hi the amphitheater ronne blujpif now than the hop yards of Oxsgo, day, were addressed by Judge Culver, from the steps ^ manuscript of threatening volume, which he'obvi- giving. It must be a cheering and sustaining thought Louiainba planter told me to day that when they have ore'large'y utoended ; the discussions are practical, Oneida, ^ i l iMadison. There have been pictures of the Methodist Seminary., —A letter in t Bl-Kader luia re -poie of enter/'g the Emir, her it yoxing lady to C she occasionally Bo struck v%ith : sisters who attei war, that she i fitter, "who tf^ features of Chi ehejsuow m.\*t—The hy*ehJailed with eOtUB place by Mr- iic politi?ally, .th?. sketch: *" W e do notl irg talents of a. auditory on that and graces ot tl winning srrac>?. phore. tie in d ready in hia elm pearance prepoG bancsome ami u perioUlocks."aacteristics of hie ine how a suso ence. with her I< would-have bet the pot^ibilitv oi But love and p.while Mr. Pryoi blueing maided. no |K>htical, conv casioa of wioVh tory nay dta e floweie.of rl.)- to vert, unless &M1PWlKCJB ALilof Polk City, k ofthisnewb: Mason. Mr. B« Inl«54"l p ^London factor, Vice-Censui. a Pigs, whicli vf They were seh Boytd Higbuesi Wmdsor. 1oj©very partionla in Englaud. I s Penntvlvania, iEightv boui< IrOen recovered,'%>'...|§*-.' ons)y intends to read solidly through. He talks of that in leas than a week he will bave escaped, at least a crevasse the water sometimes 8tauda to a depth of spicy, and animated. Each year these meetings in-**^* JRoman agriculture, and indnlges ;'a little on the for a brief time, from the penetrating presence of the ' three feet aJJ over the plantation, and causea a,loss of crease in interest and importance. Each successive enough of thagrape harvest; let us commend to some —The Third Assembly District Republican Conven-4jxp beauties of nature, as unfolding tjhemselves to the half to uvo-thirds of thj crop"of cane, whereas by the fair lenders it patent that these; discussions are one of of our artists alstudy iu some ofthe hop fields of Cen- tion met at Janwsville on Saturday last, lolh, at Ifaithful recorder? who have so lor-g given meir days aid of such a pump as tbia he could drain his land in the most profitable features, and that better provision 1|?% sense of the fanner, her parish priest. Some one and nights to new plans for his annoyance; that here- forty-eight hours. Reynolds must have had a strange ahould be made lor tbe accommodation of the people.remarks that he is poetical. He makes statements after his forsaken basins may be free from the intrusive conndence in his pump, to bring it here without thetral New-y^nk—•a rich map of hanging vines, a busyparty of pickets; stout men carrying tbe laden poles,o'clock p m., Abner Chapman was nominated as 8 candidate for the Assembly.^L of the unprofitableness of corn-cl«lture, which ire al'ghteat previous trial: but it. ia only another instance Drainage and plowing were the subjects discussed at brightly-dreefied\ women busy about the boxes, the old corrected by one near at hand, who has practical fingers of unclean enterprise; that his garments may of tbe I emerity of inventors. There is another drain- the Tuetday evening meeting. It of coarse resulted iaknowledge of the subject. On tihe whole, he isevade unscrupulous investigation, and that hia personing-pump hoie, which is also batter knowu.to New- a general concession of rhe advantages of drainage and man, horse and yagoD, waiting for the load, the coae-g^. voted rather a blunderer in farming, and a man of may cease to be the target • of ihat speciea of coarsefor different crops involved a varied experience—asnated for County Treaturer Peter S. "Wynkoop; for Sopeiintendent of the Poor, Sylvester Beeker; for Jnetice for Sessions, Abraham Lylo; for Coroner,Geo. H. Rocktfeller. The old Coimty Committee was re-appointed. . .—The Republicans of the Second Assembly District,of Wayne, have nominated Mr. Myron Heed of Wal- worth, for School Commissioner, and Joseph W., Corn- ing of Palmyra, for member of Assembly. The Dis- trict was represented ia the last Assembly by Abel J,- Bixby.. -—A correspondent at Fort Edward, Washington County, N. Y., writes as follows, under date of Sep- tember 15:;.' *' Last evening the Republicans, 1,200 in number, of this viciuity. had' a grand rally, ou a notice of two days oaly. Stirimg speeches were made by the Hon. Jas- B.McKeonorSaratoga;audE.L.Sanderson,esq.,of Brooklyn. The Wido-Awakes from Oleu Falls, Sandy Hillj aud Fort Edward, with their respective bands of music, soch-lights and Romau candles, gave variety and brilliancy to the scene. Fort Edward is supposed to bo the Douglas depot in this couuty—but the elec- tion will show that ho is nowhere."• —A correepondent, writing frciu Waterville, N. Y.; rayy: . , •>" We have succeeded in organizmg a Wtfe-Awake Club of some 50 or GO members with eo good a pros- pect of,' soon increasing:• our numbers that we have ordered 75 uniforms and torches. Our members consist mainly of the young men of our vil-lage (Wnt*rvill«), with a fair spriukbug of farmers',. Eons of our town, and of Saugerfiold, and theiadjoining ore of Marshall associated under the title of The Ke- publicanClubsofSungorfk-ldandMarshall/"—The Republicans of Columbia Countyj at their Yoikers, as it is employed for wreckiogpurposes by the deep plowing. But the modes and seasons for pib wiug topped kiln^iu. ibe back-ground, on the side a wood- Convention held at Hudson, on the 13th inst., nomi-t-<' more culture than agriculture. This reminds me ribaldjy aDd stale, untidy rhetoric that have teen aimed Board of Undertakers. One Palmer, of Cincionati, iB varied 38 are tbe soils, seasons, and climatic relations skirted meadow loading down to the Otsego, the Cau-that theyj of the cattle-show are! rarely satisfied the inventor, arid explains his pump as consisting of. of the different parts of the State. Late Pall plowiug aduaga, the Owabg«na, or whichever lake you please, at it. The Duke, too, Will have hie cause for self-con- two cast-iron, piston*, or concave and convex rollers, for any purpose was condemned. Early Pall plo wing beyond tbe swelling hills, aud the forest just mariodwith their orator; he is always!.too theoretical. gratulation. In future he may hope that] the reputa- revolving in conjunction with- each other. Fxictional for all small Spring grains is regarded eaaehtial. This in an occasiopal epot with the prophetic tints cf gold Indeed, it is bo'd for the no-farmer to attempt in- tion of a street*brawler need not be forced upon him. surfaces arc compensated f.r in its own action, by the done, Spring plowing is not. recommended. Harrowstructing those who are experts in farming, or ought The Governor-General will have a chance of knovring employment of gibbe aud followers acted upon by tie -tbe land previous to seedin? in the Spring, drill or sow . and crimson, madeto be. Yet, theory is excellent to bind up the frag- pressure of the water itself. With an engine of 6 by it broadcaat, aud follow with a^ roller, either soon after> ,f£?Tb» tender swine-mother with her in :eresting nur- more the ceaseless drafts upon "imagination foul as of Jarge-eized hunting watches, for men, but recently for discussion»this evening. • A large cro wd attended. ,;' aery, and various- cages of foreignjFand domestic Vnlean/8 stithy." Do they not yearn, too, for their it has ventured upon the introduction of ^-plato The cultivation of each was involvedin the discussion; " tomb* make up the compliment of tJfcj ?.out-door Ex-- fiibition. Within are fruits and viigetables, fine and shall we find them, when they do at last depart, It is to be hoped tba$ in thia new branch of their bueijThe testimony was largely in favor of the abandon- ment of the culture of'Whiter wheat in Northern and^-friend's horses begin to run, and almost upset the which surround the Clifton House, coming and going The rural population gatfcor aoout the always as privately as the least noted of the travelerse dissimilarity^ Your space undmy time fcuit if he will remove tin rcfri^erawr-from theR<wri i whicli embrace many lutej-wting faefs.:Mrespite ? Or has habit sanctified theee things to them,watches, and *bdse of atilismaller size, for female wearjfy made of strips oi'jdann*?], and a freshing little a host of small towns to London, where a ball of mode- Scbooley s. and the other Ballet;'e. They are both and uioio profitable than corn. Winter wbiat ia sown' one by one from the gauzy folds, they made them-conetrceted on the sensible principle tha' cold air aiuks from the last days of Angus', to the 15th day-of Sep- selves very conspicuous and troubloeome on such occa- temberbyihoeemo8t-successful. Egyptian!still,andcornerwhereweindulgeourpassionfrpincushions, ralelusterwasgiven,aDdthencetoNiagara,noevent.Here a crowd surges continually bs k and forth, cf marked interest occurring anywhere excepting at and warm air risee, and that if we would keep meats properly wo think, adhere to the culture jof Winter sions. The well'-known ode of Burns to an insect ofAsd we tread upon little children whom we never auspected, hM in the bulging of jheir muther's—The Republicans of Geneva, Kane County, 111.,Brantford, where a deputancn of Indian*, more nu-cool in a box, the beat way in to put the ice above wheat. The tesiimot-y was entirely in its favor there. Bhortor name and less classic reputation, as seen crawl-them, and.let the cold air eiuk*-iUl through the meat But no one asserted'.that Illinois ia not a wheatf State— ing on a lady's bonnet at church, might ba paralleled hold a meeting on the evening of the 13th inst. Misschamber and escape at the bottom, and not do. as we tha]} wi'h proper culture it is not a sure and profitable Ellen Coram, iu behalf of the Indies of the to wn, pre-^ a n d there, in every stage of tooth-cutfing. Soon a were, rewarded with an equal distribution of silver let it run out without half doi?>g its.intended work. had succeeded in growing crops ofwheat twenty yeaiv is ono ou the shoulders of that lady in the next pew iu ftilted a banner.to the Company of Wide-Awakes, * fcraying of wind-instruments is hear outside—the iJow Scbooley claims, thut Bradley haa infringed ou without asin ie lidiure, that would:average twenty front, crawliDg with four of its lege from plait to various speeches were made, aud a torchlight parade"'!#. band has arrived, and \* beginning. 11 Hail Colum-' medals, in the possesion of which they rejoiced ex- him (which Bradley denies, but which may or may not a%&**," "Pop goes the Weasel,^ and ' Believe me if ceedingly.. At Niagara, too, events havel been few./ be the. caee),and so Sues out au injunction iu the United bushels per acre. It wae insisted that ia order that plait, evidently meditating an effort of the other and closed the exercises. . ' .'BSL those, endearing," etc., enliven he scene. A The Prince and his suite .quietly oocnpy the cottages States Court, Laying his damages at $1,000. Slaving wheat-groxving bo conim.ended its culture should, bo iu fttrongerpmr; it stands vibrating its antennae, looking '. —A correspondent of The Chicago Journal, writingmerous than any that had before waited'on bis High-skirts. The indigenous baby is ais> visible, here ness, met him, per- crated antics, danced and sang, and aupfdlyhave bef.,re-^put the ice on the bottom, "and' crop. •.Ir.decG, there was testimony given that farmers by a poem on the merry grasshopper at church. Thererotation with other crops—clover, corn, and wheat orgot thie extinguisher'to put out his rival's light,.he , rQ7 hf« ' r«all around at once with its panoramic eyes, aud -won-from Galena, III., under date ofSupt. 14, says:'" The K«-publican maea meeting here yesterday waeturns around to* Bradley and,'dffera to withdraw his'dering at which ofthe many summits arouud it shouldaim its flight. But the .child, .behind cannot resist fol ft-niiognilkeut affair: There were.irooi lo,000 t i 20,000.o f liifp " ' vvulo-iiail me to give the details of the pcudwbn,Untitled Document•/. . .•purplirg grapea Suggest an approaching ebiver.and who estimated the coco of up-drawn water andmake all mankind and cattlekind involuntary agentsfor aDy other Office. He will continue to devote hitu- To-day the Fair proper haacommt need. Monday tights "and " Spani*hneedles/' are all denied to germs self to the duties of his present pest.eiuce.OW AHCESA.Otherwise John Smith, jr.. of Arkama?.people present, we toUmated by soveral good oaloula-(* .....- %f<f >%)»•.•—)<H|||i^)>.i» ..i i-..iiigll,. •:.*,—»»-F ' ' - mi»"^*.- -A./4.y ^ a W ^ g M B B t M M I W W W Wi Wi i . w . s - j ' a ^ : * ' A " <,i?«^4^^w «^«»^«*i^.'-^:.(www.fultonhistory.comThom309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069as M. Tryniski 