I'next. lIr.RoBlM»o«% bill relative to theCom- of trade ont of doors, which are dependent on of the grant ; and so reckles^were the legisla- nothing Irat the truth. Bat a donbt may arise vats iaionDatlSB fcaa Oea. •M|^:4(.vki.makethemostrecklessanduncivilizedbullies themselves to use anywhere.^.LAs Hew-^ranadian barkCallao, eUtty-^iglil days from the Sandwich Isl- aads, vriutbe remains of a cargo of these misera- Iria.erBatnies. Of two hundred and forty Coolies take* OB board in China, 131 died on the voyage,WASHmons, Satordaj, Kaieh li. THB TBOCBLIS OM TKB BIO OBABV.>tion with one of the least excusableaattemptsnothing-Pope,Mr. DissAiLi and his followers, representing the month. accomplished panic-mongersall dependence upon politicspoliUcians,than a.,_ k si mTotndon in Bolivia had been snppreased;vary dtteraai«wy<l|fcto submit to1a mass ofState, and lost IteavUy.Ihato to amend the Constitu-the iate Mr. Giosos Wiixixi fittfa suc- completeare happy to »ajrConsideringtheUe printing.at the end of lUa shoiring tba extraotdtoaiy-•Srf tti£» SIand awill be handed overto Mra.Wirrars.They will ppobsBly week make a report,-'*•"present to show that Pcos speenlated freriy vnth money belonging to thetemperin which the liberalopinionnext three-quarters year.await fte aettoaef^. a*Mi.oa'»WeBtrg. At last accounts the ship was in an easy all the leading Chambers of Conmiarce in Eng- flioching hand wielding the legal scalpel. Suchhe recramnendsto dilFerent Banks>* other PacK appeared before MaitMftrTnmlMuiBi.iiar and parties.the Committee and put in a written con-fession, in which he acknowledges the deftlca-andttaiaalroptaiaaaMt If%Bl be deeuaemts laat eaOstTiin or PAiaiDCM.;Wmimtf—Umti. «rfor the ensuing year was as followsral fund, $1,676,000 ; for completion of the canals,Schooltax,$1,060,000; interestonthe $12,000,000 debt and the sinking fimd, $356,000come at the bidding of the law. Canal nor the Bailroiuls hold the same now, as In the days to which lie refers.pBblieagmial.hewfllatato 'gT till rhave named blood-relationsposition Com- ^new avennes of—andTIf]r*ilH—WbBiMK'i WtMM BAxuar$710,000supportedIn(herear. Mean^ Rbaoab aa< w»TgEWa OF THE DAY.tion between cause and effect—betweenSeaa^ whichhithertohavefollowedthesecoarses thesamewiththat la^ AtUlUie uiirad at this aottjea- AvinwiU on the 3d inst, Dringiuf mgen and spede shipment on the 30th FebniaiT. The ne—ue Hat is $1,198,000. We receive by this airtral fiom all points on thethe motireTbe great eommarcial classes of the empire to reappoint THOXAa Hbb Fsbbu Deputy Super be the case to any extent, the Comptroller'sIIr tajtato peaseaaion of the Oovem- Chaubcitin the, services.Bishop^«nfMinUau for the constructionof raBioad. A war is impending nies, aad the extended knowledge of our language,and Fern. Preaideat Iiiaxxiavoluble person could easily utter a short sen-tence like this before anybody could apply tbe instrument to his mouth. It could not very vessel well be applied in advance, for no member couldI¥>>>Patbb spokehow could Mr. Vab ognlse,ooassqoaaeastheyBBr*Mr.. ,I la Onlaolofnbben'. His fiineral washad befallen that unfortunateJudges alreadya ingag Congress,wa faare news of the murder . T.*M««T, of H. B. M. war steam-participatedhaving spent twenty-five yearsbe thsZiQABSA has formally aaBoaneed tUsfoottettsAA- mlnistratioB, aadthelattarssam tokavBaoqaOther elaims, hawev«, an to be settted, salwill form ths subject ef the prsaeat BSfotlaUaa.bythediplomatic corpsand ancountry.tation of her slaves to Christian countries, the ap-\having probably been com- sawoperations we find evidence that his estimates of market value and worth have been based on the pro-in office, met—and even if there a were,bein"g moneys belongingits valueno circnmstances can this giganticthat under competition of the nulroads. The remedy,monopoly, therefore, is to l>e sought in the restoration of Iribated, itidayL the sappoaed intention of catting the State difference wss important, while State and Federal bill confers on him theto lay rails and of litigation to a game of chance, which it isoccasionallyaCChaeakwaafton tlte ConiiBderation. In Boli- Securities were higher. No alteration in Ex-af had been fol- or Money. tranqoillity changerightrun cars in all the principal streets and ave-effecting.A question of such vital importance to everybe described as a man of veracity;nor canof black- CeLBaa,af. 'lontto the coatrolUncp(o- neitherthepmeeted Jmeet his own The Committee ohligatioos.note of thely and alarming facts, since discovered, in once, and to one and"The issuesimply this,—Shan weofFaiUamoat, Albany,andevidenceisbeingtakentopresent givennptothertiifoads»"This_,„tntheStateMadlaiiB»»wl>t>on t»«onfimtheoi#MK!»ateattmony,going•fEngland shoold appioach the discussion ofreferencetotlie not eighteen corporatots" he says, isSenate,Satoiday, bflUtoopniH,icertainly prc- bewaatJag. TeMBS^Wuil ^p(tet i»ilr« ,at tka of both*»UllU thatnotoriousAs- QLADeromIsnot snxildhavetoieU g exaetlythesortofatatesnaaaMhi,{ ir apfnpdaMMTftr aay Mieh woika at thepil^in reply to Senator Mubpht's resolutions of tn-and for immediate wants.$1,060,000,makingthetotal tax 3} mills. (The Comptroller thinks thafcno new works should be commenced, and aiguea at length in fovor of awere in the habit ofno more difficulty in pointing out the connec-end $1,060,000,aad there isroads hare beennues of our City, or to abstaia-from doing so, «B«aafMa and BavaniUa to foreign commerce. were unaltered. Flour and Wheat continued in just as unto him may seem best. He can com-one who resorts to theCompiBy,Hakf^Kenlties of the Btote.OvrDusma correspondent notices a terribleaditaBty among the Coolies shipped from China.mand. Pork, however, was cheaper. A feir in- quiry prevailed for Groceries, Hay, Spirits Turpen- tme, Bricks.AJ'allow and Whisky. Freights were inactive, with 398 vessels of all classes in port.ThaNapoleoKTreatyinEngland.should such be his pleasure, or he can build only a single road, if the latter coursediscussed on its own merits. The best method of organizing a court which shall be the final resort of three millions of the people of one of the wealthiest States in the world, on alleither their or lives,liberty,property, waa a matter which one would natur-ally suppose was worthy of having a biU to itself, and of being debated alone. In-md M were seat to theThe friends of commerce and ofwhoever loves the one can hardly hate the other,) all the world over, will rejoice at theallin conflict with the privilege solicitedcannot alter the fact.IwMaiaMi aecA* writiagreatfapm vii,Herthe French OoTemment. On the 20th ofJSapoUonhad arrived athold forth most Thisbillhas,also,asoneofitsmostmarked questionsaffectingHospitalon arrival at Cal-peace, (andplicesThe CoTistitution may say that Mr. VabWyck made an intemperate, abusive and un-outlaws. Hesayslao: leaviagOBly 84, who were mostly too weakforjabor.SW wil^g news irom California is the impor-Since my letter of tbe Sth I hare received FcBs's report of what took piaoa on Sut 4th, whaa he crossed the river into Mexleo to protsct ths steamboat Ranclien, on her way down, wnh a ca^ vafaaa at two hundred thoasaad doilan.two companies of State troops, CaflB. rFoaBsBlaaa bn-TUTOs's, weie nader d«i* t-'placed myerdeia byCoBafs-lionera of the State of Texas. I Caacai«BaBAa% sMt CafTcavalry to the outtBUytNNBtUsaoccupy jSMtittoi$Batthirty miles above, aad ths two ooabaaiea to momurriMi^Mtt of ttw latest intelligence from that State. SS wiaibiM aie—itaaaent overtopped all otiiers.Omnibnsinterests and—but it hasBta from tbe new diggings fill and our San Francisco correspondentaWwih the saeeiilative fever hadwithin obt recollection,evadeand;j the Prefeeta of tlie several Departments,tha sapprassiion of all attempts to Britain,ijlia inbject, and threatens tke severest I af &e decree in such cases previously Tbe aews from the Spanish lines st if B0 later From India there comes ageneral politicalpolitical bearings of the treaty. subjecthe printsepithetsItloo oa the river. DEFABICBB OFS7th ult., at—vfloal yein of ita author whose theory and thepictieeanaonytosay,verymateriallydlffisrfrom threereadingswithsuchindecenthaste.OurThe State Comptroller has sent a communi-demands of tliewhich, as a is beyond their prev-expirationpresentgnXRAXTfqnl•Diely political concern,aica. In a similar spirit, U. Billault, ad- mostorofficially, as—something else The use of this language byTBIThe Secretary of War toft here01 WAS. laatof theweald be, dte Governor signi- out his boat, eertainiy witfaoat faia M—ti*. Mr. firaoB ia^nity to meet the Crat asiii wmnnt. or entttiAe. Ihie hapUes that, la Us^takes te tost««L,BmmAiilM||>b,M^.p»M Itaqr^Bfor theQtn.mflMtM had exerted himself to settle the good request at'improved rates. Other kinds of lines of railroad at the smallest amount of property, ought to beIreopeningportsofThe transactions in Cotton were limited. Pricesman whovocabularyhich will reduce the jnnication with Europe to ;to nw a sotmiarine cablewerethe preponderating share which Mr. Law insistshaving aia&Mmiahad ita#f t)y grantingmany^cnrcae,butwithIharestofnaor nineteen Senators who voSedState Finances.themsolvea than of thsSupremeiofthaMeTtoleft in a oftheCkivsmor'sstata. F«wa«tand refus- missed the dramatclcompany.aad cared about the oUiars, had It i»«•jlmaintaining poaition so controlled, mtut be obvioos.apology.mutinous egoUsti vras Mrs. C. M. BamcmBon, who,IMM(«allta te by thamidnijht,eighteenof Parliamentary tactics do not, we together and passed this measure through itsvery confused signature,theGeneralta^assUL over which the Legialature had labored much,all. Tbe discussionUPatBM OBBrtGabdoi.—MrJawBBSOB,of WtwaMrT•Jpdgna fsiia-liShteomcdlsnlUhment, takes UsbeMCt tMdght. Mia. IbobsaWSi.III nil \\\Grain were rather quiet. Provisions were in de- mence building forty-eight,Froia the Aaseolatsd Fnea.«.defeatof the first ornuiized attack madespeech. that be Possibly mayby Conservatives in Parliament upon the liberal Commercial Treaty recently ne-to the Legislature and the public, in conjimc-gentlemanlytheEnglishproperty, amounting by its operation. "Theytrueguageto do with the lan- of Mr. Datis, or with the ostensiblerea-OBtbeMef^Mnaiygotiated byFebruary, Mr. Disraili, as the organ of theaf abatemfPt, toe mevement in the lOfWadioa still continued with imdimin- Isbsd fMce. The trial of Dr. Chase for the adulter- saioB of the adds used at the Mint, had resulted iniil ofthe AlargefleetofNew- jury.—moved find indemnityIWlltaiiiMton OB the 22d ult., has brought us to go into Committee on the Customs acts ing railroad rights in that metropolis.acknowledged by everybody that the sala-ries of the Judges were too low. and the rem-'_^asfrom tiieie up far as Mtahwrgh. On thair waiiraTosk clippers had amved at San Francisco,provedthemselves to meritdy was simple.that alldate should be paid at a certain inereasedrate; but to afford the Judges already in office the benefit of this provision was something wiiichillaagiiiiiiiiities of travel created by Louis Napoleon, weprovideJudgeselected after a certainanddrovethemacross the Rle Oiaada.with some vme Arad Sangers,tliem were the Asa Eldridge, Smily Wat Wind and Prima Darata.and Cabrioletcan side, and one nif Netf York of the Bremen line,jjat^aaf aews outlined by our dispatches fianttis'iVinHi Seotian. Among the more inter- «slia(to|)iea are the debates in Parliament nponculture, a gentieman, he'wonld hare been ablecussion of thebefore therators to whom our Senators havea gift equal in value to one million five hundred thousand dollars, it will be found that more than a dozen of these are the same men who figured<Majesty'sIt wasgroundson why the President's organ will not noticewhether just or unjust, the plea would be at least intelligible, and have—who on this occasion, and not;they found some of Ceanssa' meo dapreda"tiag"o"aCoDserv&tivesfor the first time,their title only in the fashion of the Latin groves,years agoprovements of Paris, and the increased &cili-of courseof their success upon this issue, to evoke allor anything to hope from them.The events of the last three months, how- a deliberate insult te the body of which he is amanner ofever, have proved conclusively, that plain andpositive as this rule is, it is not enough to ac- complish its object. The Judges whose sala- punishihinisters with utterly destroyedof theConstitution.If thatis theto thethat the House of Commons should refuse interests the first provision of every bill grant-of Mr. Datis wasterly inconsistent with the character ascribed by, vns also ftacd lata. ,to him. If he were actually, in temper and in crossed ths river with 4» aaa. Ml aAv ajftortthe destructiveness of theirDiligenceinsolent and ut-byrequired by the new treaty with France,until it should have first considered andpolicyplyvulgar,In the ''«*»""« teexpected, in the eventpresentedwherewith to scare the nation into Anti-Gailican convulsionssenseofitsowndignityit would him for having so far presumed uponfrightful phantomshadaproper"I the Nana Sahib, instead of being thor- strong enough to topple down the Palmerston in the famous Tonkers Kailroad" enterprise,the success of the measure before ths eipliatt^and fiaaliy dead, as rsiterated rumor Ministry. The spectre of the annexation of which the Common Council of last year, in its—aSUKftmr, and has been recognised in Savay the supposition of a sacrifice by the expiring moments, attempted to put in opera-ries it has lately been proposed to raise, found a ^rery ingenious, but not very creditable way of violating its spirit, while observing its letter.their lack of self-respect as to address them in the ssaatoa. presentaad ougnise of a religious mendi-]b engaging the esmest at- absolute that even in time of war with France Albany, and are there, beyond question, aslanguageof bullies and ruffians.Their indifference torepresentatives of that one gt. Lawrence, near the imperial steamers, these were the matters on having in ever)- speculation which he thinksthroagh . atvUa MM. aitnawaca seswwo, wvintuhuiun h•a»l»fforeground,of)—thecess,veryimportsntsum^eIMWjHKVmi* of Btaaman,aiStaph to BellaThe Legislature oft* tha Ouadian line ifOEthfgranteespractically twenty- ;offad mtrably, and there ware but few dlsappointmentJ. Inthe afternoon the Laura Keene companjr was no forthcomlag, and to the evening several pianists ajidsingers, wko thought more of pub!ic,choee to take umbrage at somethingedloassist.NooneprofiU and the demoraUilng usesot the has been applied. moneyto which a1mlav stuna of ths bbto dragbefore the sound com-touching.Added to this dozen of the old operators, wefind nine or ten more names, closely identified with the interests of Mr. Law, amongst thetheyAorascMemts.AcADiMT or McsiC—The Festival entertain~Iinto themercial principles embodied in the treaty, and the vast commercial benefits which it involves for the future of both countries, could have timebase exasiined seres witnesses on the subject of the fab-paaabig i^aeaaaiacied,tt^i^»:»5r to^u^to theintrigued get Legislatureinerls at the Academy of Musis In aid o« the familythe colliers of Newcastle and Cardiff would theyhere,innocent victim of Mr, Davis' vulgar insolence.But Mr. DnBABLi hadcontw^ if not wifii-obligedte aaiieaJetPariiament piedsely those features of the treaty up6n which alone, underu iiiwitinSMved aad the treaty «aeaaaa to ,i)) «Ua«BnA ll tvkUab"! on tk* tioD, but lays the blame upon his bondsmen, who the Constitution of England, Parliament could ernor's sanction. In ttie second place, the ex- upon the railroads—the canal tolls correspond borrowed State funds and forgot to return them.*HBTBo«BijaiTwo ot these bondsmen, Kessrs. NiAL Dow and paaa, by giving its legislative sanction to the traordinary natare of tbe proceedings in the ingly increased, aad from both these sonreesEon. Dabixl B. Soioas, memlwr of Congress from legialative changes involved in them ; and ia Senate, which for the time succeeded in msh- he estimates a clear revenue of $8,600,000,— Bees I BAB'S pdvste views, to hethe First District of Haine, were large borrowers. maUng a brilliant vindication of the mere pro- iag the measure through without debate or and this will enable the State to reduce theThe latter being hopelessly insolvent, his debt of$10,700 is lost to the State. Ur. Dow engages to cedure of the Government, struck the true key- consideration, and the still more extraordiaa- rate of taxation to tu,o and a half milU at take V Us voMha oa be Blethe proposed Treaty, by frankly stating that inofthe lUweii"not the only'privliegeaComman CoaDcH|eiativ9toi«gtilating nfty-fooith' Imt also that Which Mr. Disbasli had neirera repOTt to' tbe Governor. aents the issue hi a charmingly sim^ shape,It la feond that each of the Senators who .—an4 eannot fail to prove exceedingly seduc- yotechgiiii, sad mminlet,them, 104 in number, were brought to the City on Petitions in favor of the French treaty areSaturdaymorningby thepilot-boat Chrittinn pouringin,upontheHouseofCommonafrom termaybeprobedtothebottom,withantm- asterswhichheseekstoavertandmerdiants and manuf^turers in all parts ofto sbandon its protectorate Becorder Babhabd, after hearing motion of eauVi- the United Kingdom. Only two considerable cut out. In the passage of the bill. DemocraticM'ontiyandKr.Wnx,BritishITmisterto lowerdeck.landandinScotland,andfromotherbodiesofcorruptmortifytmiirirtfhjthe terms of which the BritishIn the Court of General Sessions, on Saturday,tion, declines to surrender one line of its spaceaewB of tbs iat—rtei bHbA ^iasl,' Ik** reached Term Cnis by Chs BtUtak itoaiaw wMeh'MItiRritor;. In consideration of sel, admitted EinriDT, indicted, on his own be cohorts, in fact, now appear toHkaragna makes certain conces- statement before thetenns of which have not yet transpired. homicide of Jauxs Chueoh—aaoooced that this Convention liaa been ToOLi has already been convicted—to bail in the be described- as composed of those who make tice no partisan capitalhonor andboth social and polit-.concluslaa seems te be fhettks Ubcrml GovanuBSBt far IfendlBg tbe city. The news iiw ts ibiiib br luiel will be lecdted for with aaadety.THB UMOITBI OOnMCBD XUCBH. Tbe contested sWilli e—a ef BunwOlbe Hi. t opened by Bsan,ElecttoDS,anTaesdi7Ba[t ».! ofUeCoBmmaeaist havlag allOTnd tliae to exaiilBS the ooatsslaaf• sieAstiaLCHI oLAiu AOAOBT nxir ABB ami.Coroner,as to thefor the ends of high jus-te stdBt aecoidance with the views, both of sum of $4,000. ui the ease of Jambs Piuhkitt, beer, and of those who.tliink beer theside by screening the offenders, if offendersthere have been. We are threatened these byrevelations with the postponement of any fur-' '' the Honse, to be a liar and a scoundrel.'The Constitution is getting fastidious. If itproposes to act upon a general principle of ttiis kind, and never to notice anybody whom some-great brewers of London trembling for their monop-was ngudad as certain.Bootk America is important._tatadbythe PBmvian forcesconfined in thePrison more than two years,mentofsuchasareto staadof Great Britain and the United convicted of grand larceny, the Becorder denied-,the treaty hMa already received thethe motion for a new and sentenced him to trial,•fOeOriAwtatliatlblMtiiB nntn the Congress of Nic-mB hsra taken action npcm the treaty. Its in the first in November, to whom stinatelyWashington.ICr. Wtkitwo years and one month in the State Prison. Counsel for Jamis Shipabd, convicted of arson dagrse, 1857,the Court of Appeals granted a new trial, applied for Us discharge on tha ground that he had oeenoly of tbe great English narcotic, and the ob-inof it as he knew it from obserratien. He the hand of an all-wise Providence in all thatThe depor-1 Minuiuiaa of citizena and strangers. A pearance of naval squadrons on her coast, the in- foondest calculations.Bev. B. S. Uaclat, aWv,whohadbeenarrested,withhisconfederates, China,addressedthecongregationoftheEight- may dangerousik.waa Madcd Gen. Pkbbz, byreturned fromtheIter to ChlU, wtiose coadnet, OB more thaa one oeea- ioD, has l>eea disapproved by the Govetameat here. lapxACHirBBT or jxroat watbocts.formerlyandirrecoverable. We refer to the bill which Mr. Law has recently engineered through the Senate, granting toamendingMmister ofmissionaryconstitution of the Court of Ap-ofquestion increasing the salaries of Judges actually in office, whicli is another aad a ver>' different]a Paraguay, a great excitement Iiad been occs- eenth-street H. £. Church last evening upon therfODed by the attack made by H. B. H. tronboat subject of missions in China and the wide fieldr npon the Paraguayan steamer Tocuar*. lately opened in that Empire for the spread of Otmpflepeals,whichisone withthe thing,Bevofattions have occurred in New-Granada. Christianity. His remarks were highly interesting,in Cabxilo, an officer of the Gen- and were responded to by a libeial collection in lize the whole City Railroad business of Man- tiling.There are innumerable reasonsaccessoryfor which Mabtis againstso thatstanding,ical, has pronounced to his face, on the floor offlwcwasriAfrica,finence of commerce, the establishment of colo-heregardedasthegroundworkoftheAlmighty therebegintoappearsymptomsofamistakeits further consideration to the 2d of April next-Theclaimasadeacalast ChidbrtheespWBsfflMafiSReof6,000men,andwould forthepropagationofhisholywordinAfrica /take the initiative against Pern. Anat- among the Africans.—of mistakes which the accident of a momentwasinIt in the first place mixed up the question of furlyBady Februarya^ Govenunent, ieU upon the town of Cartagoai maaaaered aerenty of the inhabitants, among A destructive fire occurred in the rear part of This bill, if it becomes a law, will enable peals should undergo a radical changewboB vsate twenty young men of the principal the building No. 104 West Twenty-sixth-street, on the /strongest and most unanswerable, and that isndlieB; tite pretext for this assault being the Saturday evening. Seven horses were burned to Live Oak Obobox to place before such existing which all classes of theamazingsuccess and in all his ;Wtckhelphimself? There is no such as thingonce,amyed ^d this critioal measure, and these may part—Anti-Frenchwhom the tricolor always acta tike a red upon their own prisw bolls.ther railroad acconunodation for another year;practicesWoli««ijii Gen. CisnUA liaving con- and that the District-Attorney was not ready to Oax State OeMiton •» • BaOroad Ex- behind the Senate's action in thie matter<^Citytry him anew, contrary to the Statute in suchallsgediMr Mu <3tm.9M*MOO, and retired tewtitla Iiima. Fsaxoo'8 sBifeied a aerioos defeat at and the teanra of office ofrw,cases made and provided, decision till Saturday.lite Court reserved its•arriOB—The Traia Btoppad. Obobox IiAW, in his mercaatile relations, is—abnllioBphilosopher oneWhobelievesinthewoald more than for incon- compensate anyvenience which our citizens mig^t be calledStSat Zseiiai has aa lalaniew wtftCass t»-Biorraw, with a vtawt* apnlBC afifriiMa.j,imifliiJ, at last advices, aslarge IQssionary Heetiagwasheldlast avea-—uponto suffer.by jki^ngon the wrong person. It regards itAhang- ing in tlie Church of the Incarnation. Madison- molliiyingtiie blamegoldlAaMait* tknad. Bz-Pr«aids>t Bobus avenue. Bishop Patxb, of Afiica, and Bev. limited in tike sweet rustle ana silvery invita-Tke Jodges' Salarioa.The proposal to amend the Constitatiea forthe purpose of reorganizing the Court of Ap- peals, aad at the same time increasing theas a high crime on &e part of Mr. Vab Wtce that Mr. Datis should have ^iplied theseto him. epithets Prayfor ths settlement of rlat»ithe eassa of the Mtaa fmu, aai. <iliir»«, -< UBdentood by ear SesenmaBt, Vara wfllwlal«i Bcsador, watshing Iiis Messrs. Ttbo, Hostoohzbt, Dnnnarov andtionofcarrentbankablepaper. Hehasstsdied human nature in its pecuniary aspect within hisise of advantage.prom-common lack of while-washingsshould,judgment,and of taste in thematter. He is not entitled to it, and all the tills Doming from Major BtnTzLSKAa, dated Fartchink ofone ytko has faith un-agatasl IW^lfeatures, an utter disregard for comingvested lightsBrovi-n,cent engagements liad with Conmss and his baad aCcountry gentlemen, npon apronelse a " liar and a scoun- may pronounceIn his most recent investment, however, jority, postponingwlU Oaaa Id.w%soon be brought to the attaotfoB of SeSer Bsuo, bat Itration relative to this claim arepermit thoseseearaestlypressedbyMr.Bisua,ourMinis-aIwdmistakeone of tiiat particalar classItevery view of tbe case ill^dvlsed.of an intention to use lan- guage on the floor of Congress which none bntaboutforty corporatorsthetoright monopo-for Mr. Da^is, who was really the guilty partywhy in this affair. It pronounces him " a genUe- Tbe memorial of Wn. Auxasbbs, of Texas, aakks:besuspectedaidofthemissionarycause. thewholeorganizationoftheCourtofAp- hattan Island.man of high honor and standing, both social the impeaehmcBt of Jodce WAixfvs. Is bow beteatheand political ;" and yet he deliberately uses Jndielary CoBBlttte, and will be pressed wUhlanguage in debate which betrays instincts and great vigor. The coauilttae of tbe last rnagisas.irreconcilable with this char- which reported agaisat the IsspeachBeat, ditSMt ex- acter. A man who permits himself to steal amine this branch of the case. AlaigeaBMaatefal-c&Bt totakapoaaeasionof certain Federal arms death, and property valued at over $10,000 was City railroads as are not already under his communityqualities utterly iasned proclamations calling the The Stock Biarket partially reacted on Satur- terms or a competitioa which must be ruinous which the present system is introducing into now and then could1 by Gen. MosquXKA. The latter im- destroyed. control the alternative of sabmission to hisfamiliar with, is the vexatious'to arms, and had concentrated a day, after the great excitement and rapid rise of the and the but reductionscarcelyone who honest man —;ifoieaaf tbedate of oar last advices, the before, but on most of the Share list the to the Company or companies attacked. The law, gradual steadyutters a falsehood for his own advantage would neverLive Oak Gxokox and his associates. Ithas no provision for insuring indemnity to the stead of this, however, it was presentedCapCbyte about two millions of dollars, which most beas the sapient Tristam Shandy remarked about eighty—for to-day, amidst all the im-Olderthese thingsbetter inFrance,";Nothing was easier than tostockandkilling some of them. At ZacetalBut the mistake committed by Mr. Law inthis measure, to which we have al- particularthe Constitution expressly prohibits.Itrep- resenting portions of Mr. Law's interest, havepresented,"and othen, and to prevent aoraon fraadK waieie- mentioned, Ixit wliiefa had undonbtedly beenpoitedfavoiably. Tite BdlnMdToUbill,widchoriginated in tha Aasaaibly, was reported Ctvoia- mnch in the minds of the Government—name- supported this railroad legislatioa was allowed tire to memben of the Legislatnre, if they ready lo sagfly the stae ai. bly, and made the special order for Wednewtay •ly, a regard to those great branches to name a friend who should share tbe benefits beliere it to be tbe truth, the whole truth, and bers of volmteass haifv I«Bf aaa iMImiasionera of finigrstionand the Marine Hospitalwas set down for Thursday. The Central Park tiie result and dispatch of the decision of Par- tors in this matter that each appears to have in their minds as to the feasibility of reclaim- «lyCommlssioDers submitted a long communication liament." The House of Commoiu on a di- used the name of that associate mostwhich the considers so simple a matter. It isaetlaa ea tt» biU BOW raadtag haisn Csagii fnnMttc tm a Reghaent ef Texas It ib— "bniilil Hi HiwjM'aandau^aitryt*heamountofTaxesnecessarytoberaised querbyavoteof293to230,amajoritysoSenatorsinbusinesshavecausedthenamesofmeansquitecertainthatthesetollswouldThe Comptroller reported to the AssemblybyBovsxieati Beetreach the CltyofHexloe awl eslaWlili apeiaaeak OovemmeBt. Ha wta aetgeiatotkBlBtortoraalaa-.maybelieve itangurs favorably impor-For gene-that wefor the eventual ratificatien o< the mosttheir business partners to be insertedvision sustained the ChanceUor of the Exche-publiclyno Neither theothers still others have tantTreatywhichEnglishdipIoBiacyhasnego- fiavoredtheclerkortelleroftheBankatwhichgreat;tiatedinhalfacentmry andfortheeventoal they ;success of the financial policy of the wlseataad most accomplished statesman who hasmled in the councfls of Xngland since the tor aad grantee—Fbbjiaitdo Wooo whidi went ssnore on Friday morning near Squan are mustering strongly to secure this result. iatendent of Bepairs and Supplies.from Hicarapia states that a treatyconehided between the Oorermnent df poeition, with the water six inches above herrespectively,dealing;petingbuilt,Coamittee earfvisal of the Canal rates and the imposition of tolls on railroads, which, he thinks, wil reduce the future tax to 2}- mills.rsfatted teMBMa. .Thtte- preislea is that ths Coaalttes wfll i«p(wt tttt^lM,The passengers by the ship De Witt Clintoit,havehadaimost fortunate All of escape.Ktw-4 tttimmUdeath of Sir Bobikt Pebl. pleiaingactuatingcheaperthisincrease the dis-.TBB AmaaaasSD asBsOK DLspatckes jnatreeslved baftluded as a bad anda)£jtfleh resohed in so decisive a victory for that treaty. The object of this motion, sisted in his openly transferring to Albany and more salary, but because it is in the highest He does not even to have made the at- behaved adBbably. The bcxI moialBg, the heM* tomistake, con- which was thrown forward under the guise the business of legislation, the same mercan-ad sUiamontanism of the Clergy asdlot tta French laity4s carried on with so captivating to the British mind, of a prece-tha BMgat, espe<dally that in the House of Com- assented to the engageAents made in The contest between the FrenchdangerousIfO Infantry and 50 cavalry. Otir ofleos aa" tiletbt Hniater of Worship, H. Boclaad, dent" drawn from Mr. Prrr'a manner of subject- successful in Wall-street. It is a subjectpecuniary gaintoexpectfromaecuringthetemptquite ignorant "_j|ai iihliaaariil to the Archbishops andpermitof society, in regard to language,to discussion his ownI Fiaaea, ita Qavemmsnt and Church, and negotiated with France iq 1787, was simply from the Attorney- General',lavlews tha whale history of the relationsingand indicatea tha propristy of to force upon the House aCommercial Treaty,legal•'A* flout of Boaaa'-';^^^ 'efatgy refraining from (Uacuasing the tem-imprudent bargaintheseto and thus hands himself down, historically andandwhich has already attractedhe found soof the fact that " liar and scoandrel are epi- a of armed men .'•treating before them. Some bodyprinciplespracticesattention and we shall dis- probably hear strange revelations on thiswhich;of theusagesThe excitement of the last dangerousof theof Great Examining the names of the forty corpo- prevent them having any cause to fear them,Treaty of the belligerent rights of England, so tion. These men have now been transferred toby theExecutive organ, -which actually regards the retaiy of tha Treasnry in not adlmilat to Us propesalsthus givingtele- to impress themselves profoundly upon the one or twenty-two out of the entire numberadfonnied on tto notkm was aufficieatly astute, and quite in the teen corporators to represent, man for man,of the rader which it canWMdlyaawMdthe ytoW»oaatlMwi 0^7out«l?«eses^OB.M>e»iii>gel»lltr,riBMtecarryall grantees who had not a large capital to sus-;elect tn session at Le- FmiB and Elkobs tdiiiBg their own de-revenuesor, should some few of them be increased interest to be paid upon the debts ofJaonlyiand naaacer eiBoiaatslagebfll^. wtaHJnaO a biiBaiWM nm inm theaoguentedThe gaoftioan oeuUuf fbJ« atatnn^nt of iii«dbsi|M«Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of theDootof,'' aad the bai-efawty»Htiii thiiiBeetiaDcationtotheontheandapplicable toa Territory,Gov.Kb- •tWaaUi^tOB-the State additional documtats oaiaaCircuit,. «!•not IfiM tkaa.and easabtg,courage """*' <"*»'^*"enterprise,audknce, n»"as* racceeded la restortog goodMi. Disbbbu's usualanmi n>o» *"^in the face of an lrri1«tedfilled her promise,The humor. pianistsGiOBQB Law, the first aaaessment to Govenrnwnt ikii ^^ the of the bill would drive out of the fieldor three mills and seveH-eightKs of a mill ujion every dollar of property in the State. The fell-*"f;^' who were to Uve performedThe HOQM Mvert •( IMIir'eMlttaed several errors requtdBBOOsnaliflk KAeddlave re«l thst Mr. Haskib sWM MiJft»'ObtotoHtoe ea PohltoPrtalto«tot««Mkr|tlMH4»«M«nllt tte ««• »f lUpi P«*rifcepthis motloB " wttb ho—r<ad.fPt«gWy which waa ta macb Mto "W ""'J^P^^^^^x^ think of forcing them toing off in theof the Canals, and theWiiiTXBI" faadvwtaBParUameat, and tbat tb^wtf/tt JbtmfBmao-—"^rtlti twBii'ahrtbii;two set lesquscomedy .Quaek.aewpiyof jfr.j_ „.. ttewanbTsalagalMtithethe Legislature in order to relieve thefrom all temptation to lobby or intrigue so instead of lobbying and intriguing to get the Legislature to increase (heir salaries, lobbied andrecommend thepeopleso as totheir salaries, both prospectively and retros-There is amind of Parliament and of the country. The and leaving a minority of eighteen or nine- mit, but it is a distinction without a difference.cant, deposited as s^find themselves KontraalTelegraphCom- wliichMr.Disraxliwishedto coalJudiciary ;to refund the onecompelledupatonce worthas the real culprit!per andrefers thshimtion,permitLegislature to increasecondition The picturetotal amotmt of mehey wliich is to be raised With a preponderating rote in the hands of by tax for the service of the year, is $5,470,000,aaT>»a|f,MJbliof the Statethe voters of the And it was executed with stand no chance of their in which he presents is not very cheerful. Thefor nearly twoSenate.1to become a Uw.dioMwhich find an unfortimate degree of favor That these eighteen or nineteen men canprospectsTreasury.been for the Inordtaate and ominous delay pre-pendedAs U arovidad for -h« la constltuaonallT opposed to such for-tka.tUln tha fact that it was not pie-1 J>**». ^objects tain themDubllsh a card elsewhere.the admirable of this sstifehave rendered this tkeir capital invested in such manner, and sort to taiff***" aaavoidable."of "iva«hie"wlU be pecfeiMd. So•Ueto remainin, it would only be to have the State,re-Ufbjfttt t» JpA emb^rrassiag tenos, f^ UrewlhaWaafUntitled Document;very sincerelypolicymighttks ImpreisloB that the i<ia— detaiaeilatTermCrtu,aalaoHd«sligllt'HiB aaUehmtetf from two tmaO. itmmam mmtt tmm Havaaa. Theowaarofthe{eMaaelawasaabeastspossesses,or evertohopes possess,tosalutary provision of the Constitution.does so, not because Judges actually in office can- not possibly be underpaid, or possibly deservemiah,k^upforaboat 1from his dcfaaees. We hadTha Mexican loss, aaeordla( to SrSjaaMM is»U]]cdaad40woaBdad. Thabvrtioleteoetdegree inexpedient that they should have anyHe seems indeed to beprotect the Imat, 47 a0e<n aad men eroassd the ilver with their horses, and accompanied tha boat. At Lb Palraas, two or three miles down, they 'ncoaatandfaver of any man or any body of men. Tbeobject of this {Hrovision, in short, is not to en-able the State to hold useful servants to a hardthets which selves to usethem- of them belonged to the rural police. T*« larger portion, no doubt, belongsd to CoanBAS. Aflsr a and with a curious innocence short conference with Geo. Gaboia, tha troops ra- crossed t* our side of the river oa ths fbfUeowwtog dhaays.;have a four- thecoursewhichhehadadopted,hehad con- aroosedtheattentionofthelegalauthoritiesat miU tax, or shaU we reclaim the tolU lari^ofMi>io»aiiii i>iitiiiiiiiclosely Identified with his fortunes.;ing tbe RailroadtoUs,"Comptrollerthan there would be in ex-may now,under increasedburdeas,seek newprove to aad rscoBUMad ttipaisagetrust that this whole mat-CoBfiessioBal Haaaers. thewholebodyimlesspromptlycheckedand ThePresident'shomeorgan,theConstitu- aadan ulcer on will legislationBepnblican Senators took aboutequal— fortunatelybut the valne of such an example as would beafforded by the legal investigaUon and punish-bodydrel,"destitute of personal allusions than they have ever been hitherto.But^e ConstitvtUm is somelbiaff more —it ridicu-salaries of thewith a decided rebuff In the Senate on Friday, by the passage of a resolution, by a large ma-canbe made on eitherwith parsimonious strict-daysorness, but to lift the dispensers of justice out ofin the official Globe, somawhst abated. Tlis troops wU rssasM thslrpioe- ''Theure was, as we have said, taken away fromthematter,however, isquiteeclipsedofpower increasingtheir salaries atths Bee-pectively.About tlilrty of the forty or more California land elaims hare been argnad^Court during the cision as to a few of them will iLegislatureno one would have whichdistinction here, we ad-eitent of tbeprogrammethe perfonnancepassed;one ofare most uncertaintypleas-quenceallegedby"to notice of a man whom a gentleman of Havana two 4ars ia advBaee oftta war •»p-'I^Bl *^-^ A. » mrf^T^j^Tti;— commeree have been opened,awear hd^ea'^lto Taaedsyaait,'tBngvari^ ia faver of the bUlpravldlag tea Texas lifliiiaat:andestimates would ranish into thin air, and thechannels. Ifshouldits columns will bea gooddeal morethan squeamish, lous in this matter,makes itselfaa«a(|The Constitution seems to have no censureclaimthecharacterorthea gentieman. He may consider himself one, andthepretension maybeallowedbyhisim- mediate associates, but this only exhibits theirguardspositionjudgmentThe War Department teeeived tlie foUowiaf Mlirand of puffspoliticalaccom-Texas, Feb. an aceeontof then- 16, giving"i> s^n jodgmedltclaim to be anisnhaittad. TBB OVBBLABD nLBOBATH.him, let it say sosome show of reason. But, whatever may opposite I.a Balsa, he encountered thirtyhave been the character of the speech, the re-to control hisimpulsesand resentments suffi-cientiy to use the language of civilized society. appearltoigenUemen ;nevermember, and if the House of RepresentativesWAsxnmos, Soaday, Mareh II. The friends of the admission of Kansas ander ths Wyandot Constltutloa are becoming more hopsfal ofofnever current except in the societyThe Senate's Committee oa ths Jadlsiaiy have la- ported a Ull Iter the relief of Swbbbit,Fast and Company, wlu> claimceded the A very wwUiy exception tothe quired byDsjgentieman. Mr. Datis waaWythenUe, TlrglBla, to attad to seaie lalvato ness. He will be absent about taa dayaI.iifim'ji"' 'tz:a^ia^^^hdi trippM'-«/a form.Bted, a auvnilf oT tha THwliiiMpMe.—eztanaian of the rdiffieolty occurred in the rotunda who caa be aafely tSctared on folaia of Parila- prietor on snob terms as his magnaaiailty go Canal nor tte propoeed grant to the AlbaayJnatke Brxmr. DnringtheCheaaa-. .atwaao two Baltimoreans. Thoma* mentaxr bbtory. He rose at once, pointed oat, might see fit to allow.and Soaquehanna BaUread, should be sanc- tioned by tiie Iiegielitnre ia the present condi- tion of the State fiaaaees.tJAsMniOleik of the Baltimore Criminal Coott, waa ahot, imt not injured dsngerously.The Johit^lect Committee appointed by the ifaiae LegisUture to tavestigste the accounU of BBBjASraDrPacB. the defaulting State Treasurer,with theqnletand felicitoas sarcasm of which he is nndonbtedly the finest living master,that Mr- DiBBAXLi had completely misrepresented, be- cause he bad very saperficially re»d, the his-BotthedangeratoMr. Law and his asso-ciates in this otherwise profitable enterpriseare twofold, and both of the moat alarmingnatore. In the first plaee, it is now pretty weU troubles to the abaadonment of railroad tolls, ascertained that the bill cannot behave presented their rcMrt. The tota^.deWcation tory of the vrhich he of Pick amounto to |130,000, of wluch 9M,«00 precedentThe prospects of the KeifM'had so solemnlylike Mr. Prrr, he was himself abont lioQsly diminishingthemi* iTcinMKnm (VMUir)-*** DtttAu » are due to the State Treasury, the balance paraded before the house; explained that, throagh the Assembly without difficoltiea se. which became necesaary in order to meet theTlie Comptnller attribates all our financialengineered and to the reduction of tolls nponCanals,regardless of vested interests, receive the Gov- the old policy. Tolls most be again imposedBonfaronMe, aad asvstalmMMM<joroCbimob lafi' Bai. neea-HsoMi, who, U la nadentasd, wtt-j" ebaraeler, staMsthaths awattsfreightsMUitaiytHmjrfmK0ff1Senate. Presldeat of theof originatoroftheeateiprise,issaagulneofsncrees.:of asfor the ten million loan of 18S«.Secretarycurity byseqiiential damages to tha Court of Clalau for ad-ustmeat.The House Committee on PubUc Expendituresthebidders,questionof coa-Woafeato-wll have reason to believe ftat the views of (he ifreightedI will be evidence, uadaistaad,ItlonalMr. CtiCB W. FiXLD Is here, urging the af passagetbe Overland bow ^ Telegraph bill, pending betore the|ipm^tm. sMlviolation of ooabaetTha bill directs tkaw www.fultonhistory.com 