 ' IfitMr. D. Clark, Madison. these Receptions during the Winter, will be seen by the Mr. P. Clark, Onondaga.Mr. MHXHOU, Allegany. Mr. Merselis, Albany. Mr. Morgan.Cayuga Mr. Austin M ri •To THE CHAIUTAIILK.—AH appeal ia made to the Mr. Cooper, New-York. Mr. Dickinson, Franklin.public on behalf of a widow lady of a well-kuowu Mr. Downs, Schuyler. family name, and who was once in comfortable cir- Mr. Dwight, Tompkins.Mr. Eraerick, Onondaga. cumptanceB, but who has been for some time entirely Mr. Evans, Oneida.dependent upon her own exertions, and the assistanceMr. Gurretson, Dutchess. anything in that way. Employment in which she can ( Mr. Holcomb, Herkimer.'still earn a respectable subsistence has been found for [ Mr. Jakway, Washington. Mr. Jeffords, Monroe.The Kecorder then asked the accused the following the prisoner. self with suitable clothing for her new position, or J Mr. Jewell, Ulster. Mr. Jewett, Jefferson.Mr. Payne, Cayuga.Mr. Pelton, Putnam.Mr. Perry, Monroe.Mr. Plumb. Erie.Mr. Pond,Monroe.Mr. Powell, Ontario.Mr. Richardson, St Lawrence. Mr. Searles. Jetferson.Mr. Slingerlaud, Albany. Mr. II. Smith, Chatauqua. Mr. W . M. Smith, Allegany. Mr. Speaker, Oswego.Mr. Ta^gart, Jefferson.Mr. Tucker, New-Yoik.Mr. Van Alstyne, Columbia. Mr. Van Horn, Niagara.Mr. Variwm, New-York.Mr. Wiley, Livlugston.Mr. WUUams, Oneida—CO.I I!r•i\From this aggregate, however, in order to find the•5 I'SHBAT.TIMOK*, March 26.—Ftopx firm at $5 75. WHIATW««,at $1 50®$1 65 for White, and $1 40®$1 43for R*l C*?Z b firm at 70®72c. PmoviKio.NH rteady bdt dull. WXIAKT dull atI ii .. .UiJUPlIi. •*1\*THE IST: John Phalon ww found floating hi the Worth River at Fkr Kau 1T;,r«NEW-YCyRK DAILY miBT0NE, TUESDAY, MARCH 27, I860; ITHE SLOOP SPRAY MYSTERY•Ee«thecaptain of the "T. E- French," aelwajted 6e"» T/h«nh»willinglygavethe following disjointed ealled upon Hicks at the Station-House on Sunday JNEW-YOKKLEGISLATURE. Fou.vn DIIOWNKD.—Yesterday morningthebolvofN E A R L Y $ 4 0 0 U P O N H l K t .a m there being about fifty wssds ljfflg m & , nver at anchor; I cried to obtain a boat, but the ^keepers of the vessels lying at the dock refused t*, let toe have one, although I offered $100 as security to return it; I toid them that there were two men 8 lives "involved in the case, and we were on earnep^ businesa, but we could not obtain a boat from tiiem on any terms,- I finally found a boat, and borrowed it without leive forSaturday we came to Jersey City; I went ashore; me -cross the river to Newark; Saturday night get no house and. Blept out doers; Sunday night x stayed to Newark; to-day I started to come back, and went into the woods to get some nuts; the money ($396 80) was my wages; worked for Capt. Leete four years for $30 a month; the men took me at the bridge; my name is Sam Patch, American name Jack Lowe; have been in this country six years; one year I sold cigars in New- York ; one year was on a man-war ship Mississippi as icook and anything; hist four years was on the sloop with Capt. Leete; I am 39 years of age, and am a na- tive of an island in the China Sea; do not know whatMr. GARDINER moved to lay the report on the WHIfRT dull. ' $8; Ten Copies' years ago sentenced to be executed for the murder of • Moim,K. March 24.—COTTOX—Salet to-day 2,500 balea. FrleeC uy larger xamber• FT H EPKI>S»]SKH.a man named Crossinan, under the following circum- table. Loet, and the bill ordered to b8 engrossed for a irregular, but market generally unchanged.third reading. CISOIWNATI, March 26—VIJOXSTL very dullat $5 40®*5 50.Mr. BL1MMOND reported a bill to amend the Ex- WJUKXT active at l«Jc. Meat POBK held at $17 25. BACOX held at 7-Jfey2c. • '<Copies to address • tikerateof $1 20* twenty or more w tion* may coroir.'nAdvertisement* . LAR PER LINETBUE H% J» published everyper annum-,Two<FOR Ei: la published on t&< pool,at $5perarvCents.THE j FOR CALIFOICiJs published on the waJI, at $1 50 per sIt Sa now a/^kr.'.w overproduced j«CELE3The great exceller.o eeived everywhere i ioni» spreading, con ever been discovf-rncfor all ages and undt fanta, but children i health, and made A goodnatured manifet surea, and thousand tears in the smiles : to health more b«aaCHILD;YOUNG LA'Ehave been irnmeunr;The condition of the ful, their mental vlg< more earnestly, ao:u: tog the pathway up ment of a greater en£WING'S F AThese Crackers coi weight than any o' he digested without any and nursesrecomicei heretofore known, etfeverish tendency, oe kind* of food that coc. PERSONwill find these cr&^i Tbouwuids h a v r-tl-WINflThe continued regularity to the *y» and a buoyancy tc :h'^ belongtoj to any nc by Wing's Faiina<There is a natarii. longingtothema:WI N«iuie made. Tbis, *- strength, renderto;: productionsofmoiioil mottog the health cfalof these crackers*yy>| their highly valuaoiThose who use the| come acquainted wit to be used to every hospital, on board ol wheie food so cor>ve»|All those who r, should understand tl made but by Mr. \Vj " A. WLcg." Allc any crackers for for This caution has bby designing perse: tog thein farina, ard Wing'sfartoa. Su<stood by all.Wing's Farina Cr*cgrocers generally, by portionsoftheUniwNew.• Y/i BIRTHDAYNOTICE TO MEM will not be available o|Ticketsofadmisi; applicationattheLior between the hour* cor before SAT URD. Committee of AnarxeJLUTHER BRA^ll SAMUELOSGOOD MOORE, Committee |Dr. Cox will TO- Cooper Institute «o::t best shops, without .uijTo tLe Frienttoetit of the Colored OrpI Mth and 2ytn hms.. atf City Hall) Brobklvn.THE KXHIBltlOl on WEDNESDAY Church, when adcrfusj TON, eso,., and the fcU aion free. A colleci' '----- II Mr. E. Y. ROB Mlourse at Cltotou THURiiSubject—"The tit Costume, Air, Ei.ei Health and Welfare ,Tickets 25 cent*.Hon Are effectually d«*iroiJ»ARSON THKAll dealers to im-di Sold by all drutgisNotice.—F. ASHICHURNS.—Whrr. tended to deceive, hereby caution all y liable to prosecution, for a&le, are 4uly mariThe trade promptly!The Rev. liTii TritonliibWisili TO-NIGHT at the free. A collection wTemperance ... Cooper Institute aud Trarric.t h e K«EVERY EVENING! Borchard's Church, 13xather foggy, he weighed anchor and sailed into tne Sound, where, it was thought, he threw the bodies overboard. It has subsequently transpired that John Canoe, or Jackaloo, as he is called, piloted the Spray throughHellGatetowardthiscity,ashewasrecog- niced at the wheel by a number of pilots, and it wa3 observed that he was the only man on board.'•*How the Chinaman managed to get the vessel out- side of Sandy Hook, and away down to Baraegtit,Barnegat, and who escaped from- Capt. Webb on Sat- urday morning,. at Jersey City.Two Jersey City officers started out in pursuit, and an hour later returned for further assistance. Some eightofficersthenwentout,butbeforetheyarrivedin the vicinity where the man was supposed to be lurking the Chinaman had been taken into custody by JohnSanford, Henry Wilson, William Jacobus, and John Douglass, who are engaged at work on the railroadMr. George Nedlinger, the hostler who saw the manleave the yawl boat on the Siaten Island beach, just Mr. Mignot had three very strikinglandscapes which eported ano not yet acted upon, aggregate as follows: naval stores to master.without assistance or without attracting attention, re- bridge.Schr. F. S. Brognard, Williams, Alexandria 4 days, coal. CMmains a mystery.•Sergeant Brevoort and Coxswain Alexander main-At noon,about6o'clock.An immense crowd collected in front of the Mar-light,inwhichthecoolBhadowsofeveningwerestrongly contrasted with the brilliant light of the full moon just£ ^J-^°" Sparks Rodgers,Virginia3days,wood.B E L O W - S h i p Eloise, Thompson, Liverpool Feb. 10.Bark Emma F. Chase; Hall, Cumberland Harbor.Brig Mary Means, from Havana, bound to Boston.—f Bv pDot•4Tracer of Blood in the Cabin.ARREST OF JACKALOO. upon finding her, as I supposed she 1\zy in the ^restates, in reference to the Hicks family, that the father of the prisoner lives at Gloucester, a few miles from Chepatcbet, It. I. He used to be a collier in thatest man. About 14 or 15 years ago he was employed at Sing SiDg was ordered to a third reading.Mr. SPINOLA reported again the bill to amend theby our informant. Simon Hicks, the brother of Brooklyn Water act, which was recommitted on a mo- PHH,A»XM>HJA, March 26.—Kr,OTjrR very dnlL WHBAT *»Tjt * f Is r/wbh"Hhi;«i CVP/J Abram W . Hicks alias William Johnson, was several tion of Mr. Gardiner last week. CORX tending downward. OATH steady. I'ROVIMOXK quiet. per annum, in actva short time, and after searcrhing awhile among the A t an eaxiy htror Monday morning heat's crew No. 2 vessels at axchor, found the French and called upher captain, who had returned^ I asked him if he •f the Barber Police, Coxawain iieabitt, towed th« could give Bae the name of the sloop from which thealoop Spray from her moorings off Jersey City to the Chinaman he picked up purported to come ? hestances: Mr. Crosaman lived in Gloucester. He wasan old bachelor, and lived alone. Simon Hicks and he cise law, which was taken up in Committee of theEXCHANGES.ST. Loci", March 6.—Sijjht Exchange on New-York firm an*scarce at £ ^ cent premium for gold; \\ ^> cent premiom for Mi«i*ouri funds, and Vt ty cent premium for Illinois and WUeoa*gave my opinion of the case, and suggeetei that the places forward great seams have opened in her decks; Chinaman might have gone to Guilford to tell Capt.•till these may have been caused by the violent collision Leete'e-family of the accident'to the vessel; my mind that'she "encountered. Her bowsprit has been taken was strengthened in that belief from the fact that Capt. W ebb informed mej that Canoe wanted] him to furnishAt an early hour yesterday morning, hundreds of people repaired to the Second W ard Stalion-House to try and see the prisoner Hicks, but few of them were admitted. The crowd, however, continued to increase,Co.; Ismael & Susan (French), Davansaut, Havre, Punch fctained charge of the wreck until 4 o'clock yesterday, attempted to croes the railroad bridge, when Jacobus -when Coroner Schirmer as wreckmaster made his ap- turned him oft', as it was againBt the rules. After heshal's office, to-whom the Marshal promised a severe showing her silver disc above the horizon. Mr. Whit-cracking in case any of them should be squeezed through ridge had some veiy fine views of Italian scenery, item of $354,006 10, before mentioned, which is onlyboat Edmund Blunt.Brig Isabella Jewett, and Bremen brut Delphin. Also, three barks and four brigs.SAILED—Ship Missouri. New-Orleans; bark Addison Child* Mobile; schr. Surpass (Br.), Ktogston-Froni Quarantine—Steamship Teuton (new), Havana. WIND-At sunset, West.The schr. Defiance, Boynton, for Jacmel, recently arecently ashore on-pearance and said he would take charge. He ordered a quantity of rigging and other articles that had been fished up to be taken to the Harbor Police Station, and accordingly two or three cart-loads were removed, but at the orders of the captain of the Harbor Police the articles were all returned on board the Spray. The Harbor PoKce will, however, keep charge until the vessel, is taken off their hands by some responsible party.MT.HB. E. Stone, a cousin of Capt. Leete, says that the Chinaman has long been suspected of entertaining bad feelings toward the Captain. Mr. S. communi- cated the intelligence to the Captain's father, whenwas gone Jacobus went into the house and mentioned the fact that a man had attempted to cross the bridge, remarking that he believed from his appearance that he was Jackaloo, the Chinaman, of whom,they had read in the morning papers. Wilson said that he believed that $1,000 reward had been offered for his arrest, when the four men concluded to go in pursuit as soon as they could lay out some work for the hands to attend to during their absence.With a spy-glass they could see a man lurking in the cedars about a half S. mile distant, and apparently en- deavoring to make for the plank road unobserved. Jacobus and Douglass started in that direction, while Sanford and Wilson went to Newark on the cars, and, hiring a horse, drove up the road in order to interceptwhich he has brought home from Rome; Mr. Shattuck had a charming cool landscape, in a style quite differ-24th.of Alarjh inst., he arretted Wm, Johnson, alius Albert W. Hart, Hazeltinej and Gignoux. Mr. Gignoux reserveda. transfer from one fund to another, leaving the actual appropriation, as the bill now stands, $3,256,543 03. The consideration of the bill will be resumed this evening, when another all.night session may be antici- pated.»the old-man said he was not at all surprised, as he hadlong been afraid of Canoe. It is thought by some thatthe Captain had about $1,060 on board, the proceeds the man. They returned, however, without havinglandscapifits. In Mr. Boughton's room there were a lyn, deposed that he saw the watch token by the olHcers from few of his American boys and girls, which he paintsMr. CadwcLl, Orange. Mr. Callxcot, King*. Afr. J. Clark, Ulster.Mr.McQnade,Oneida.Mr. Miller, Erie.Mr. MUliken. Westchester. Mr. Miliington. Herkimer. Air. Moulton, Geneiee.Mr.Odell,Westchester.Mr. O'Rourke, New-York. Mr. Peck; Ontario.Mr. P.etttt, Queens.Mr. Regan, Orange.Mr. Rider, Steuben.Mr. Robinson, Chemung.Mr. St. John, Otsego.Mr. Sorvi», Wayne.Mr. A. Smith, New-York.Mr. J. M. Smith, Cattaraugus.Mr. Tuber, Queens.Mr. Vertnilye, Richmond. Mr. Voorhees, New-York. Afr. Walsh, New-York. Mr. Webster, New-York. Mr. Woodruff,New-York. Mr. Yeury, Rockland—56.hat,,and an? old overcoat, the left side of which was torn pS near the pocket, exposing the lining. His pantaleons were very much worn, and torn near the knees.gold.Jackaloo was then taken to the City Prison fol-lowed by a great crowd of people anxious to get abeen in the possession of Capt. Burr when he last left New-Yprk.The prisoner was thnen taKken Dbefiore Kenneth G. White, esq., United States Commissioner, and on a warrant issued by him, charging Johnson alias Hicks• ,7« *. Onondaga. Mr Newell, Erie.tome evidence that it was the rioo? " Qp»yJ ^ ^ c hmorning, and had an interview with him respecting "hisi?" J%Zawj2?**y? 27ye«.of age, and a native of Ireka£KU" won rendered. Markets—Reported by Telegraph.ITBTE 1VB J6 PUBLISH/]^ ' ^ m e n t *rny friend ^ / " ^ y ^ ^ ' S T O " Sailed in sloop Spray of Guilford, Capt. Leete and father'B home, and family matters generally. He•iSENATE....ALBANY, Mareh 26,1860.The Assembly bill declaring for and confirming wo* nomew bat intoxicated. Coroner JacWman held aa hxjue»t 1impression that the French''layI found she was not there, and I was unable t o a s ^ certain where she was; I w » ft^J^,Battery basin, "where she Will lie, when the tide re- said he-ded not gee the name on the sloop a3the vesseleee'ee, almost high and dry. was under water; I asked him if he couid'give me; they brought me here for, unless it was for taking nutshouse, broke in at the door while the old m in was in bed, and beat him to death with a club. He then helped himself te several hundred dollars of the old man's treasureB, and in a few days left for Providence, a dis- tance of Bixteen or eighteen miles from Gloucester, taking with him a gixl to whom he had been paying lis addresses. In Providence he bought her a gold watch, and various other articles of finery. This lavish conduct caused suspicion, and he was arrested. He was examined in Chepatchet, and afterward acknowledged his guilt. He was subsequently tried in Providence, convicted of murder, and sentenced to be executed. While awaiting execution, one of the . risoners in the jail, whose tine had almost expired, opened a number of the cells, and there was quite a stampede of prisoners, among whom was Simon Hicks.They were all recaptured within a few days, with the exception of Simon Hicks, who has never been heard of since. This escape was deemed a very strange circumstance, inasmuch as Simon was known to be imbecile and unwaiy. His simplicity created much sympathy in his behalf.' In referring to Simon, our New-York prisoner admitted that some strange stories had been told about him, but he guessed they never amounted to much. The last he had heard of his b r o t h e r w a s t h a t h e h a d g o n e t o C a l i f o r n i a .SEARCH FOR THE BODIES.At the request of the District-Attorney, Acting General Superintendent of Police D. Carpenter issue I orders to the Harbor Police directing them to institute a thorough search for the bodies of the miss- ing Captain and crew of the sloop B. A. Johnson. The shores on either side of the bay will be searched, andfecting Courts oi that city and protesting against *he appointment of a Police Justice's Attorney.Mr. MUNROE introduced a bill to provide for the removal of insane convicts from Utica Asylum to the Lunatic Asylum at Auburn.The bill to regulate the sale of poisons was loft, but on a motion to reconsider was laid on the table.The bill to divide Alleghany County into two Jury Districts was reported for the consideration of the Senate.The President announced the following Grinding Committee: Messrs. Ferry, Ketcham, Coivin, Con- nelly, Montgomery} Rotch, Go«3; Prosser.Mr. RAMSEY introduced a bill to regulate appeals from and in the Marine Court in New-Y ork.The remainder of the session was consumed by con- sideration of private bills in Committee of the Whole.. *_ASSEMBLY.The Assembly has been engaged all the morning indebating the annual Appropriation bill.Mr. WEBSTER moved to refei the bill for protec-tion against unsafe buildings in New-York to the first Committee of the Whole. Lost. »'..'•"'Mr. F L A G L E R moved to make the Personal Lib- erty bill the special order of Thursday evening. Lost.any evidence that the "Chinaman belonged on in the woods."At noon ihe tide was fasfflsEBing, and apportion of the 'flloop Spray, or that the vessel was The prisoner having previously been detected inher forward deck was qnite dry, bat the water was the sloop Spray 1 he said that the China-«*tkkv of elMbzng, sad a large bundle containing ing to Capt. Beete; 'I asked him if he had brought up the yawl-boat in which he found Canoe; he said heeetto*. had it on deck, and we proceeded with a lantern to ex- gene of the Harbor Police had fished up a few arta- amine it; Capt. Seward, who had Bold the Spray tostill e-ven "with lie'forward hatch. The cabin could be distinctly-»een, and the roofing was at thia time quite dtry. The main hatch was uncoYered, and the holdattempting to slip his handcuffs. City Marshal Ellis took the precaution to place upon his ankles a pair of shackles.man had given him Captain Leete's pass-book which contained the sales of his cargo from MarchiH to 14; also, a letter which he dropped on deck,written by a townsman of ours to Capt. Leete; I rec-v u fiBed with water. Teward the stem were some ognized the pass-book, as soon as I saw it. as belong- rather slender built. He appeared to be in good spir-«k« «f dothiBg, but they did not give any evidence teat a-crime "had been committed. The shirts were dirty and ateined, but the stains had more the appcar- wvee-of iron rust than of blood, although seTeral per •000were ef the opinion that it was the latter.Capt. Beete about a year ago, and was familiar witheut, and lies upon the beach. Her tafifrail at intervals him (Canoe), with a certificate setting forth that he until, at 10] o'clock, it numbered several thousands, allfecting the Appropriation bill, with the prospect of an all-night session. •seems broken, and in some places torn away. (Webb) witnessed the collision; he said he wanted it Duxwg Sunday and Monday two United States to show to the boatmen of Guilford, so that they mightanxious to peep at the prisoner. As the morning papers had stated that he would be removed to the United States Marshal's office during the day, the de- t e r m i n a t i o n t o s e e h i m w a s i n t e n s i f i e d . A b o u t t h i s time a hack was drawn up in front of the Station-Hause for the purpose, as was alleged, of receiving the pris- oner to convey him elsewhere. The Station-House door was openedj as if to allow of an easy egress. Ex- pectation was now on the very tiptoe; all eyes were directed to the door, but the prisoner came not.M. Morton, Bulkley, Savannah, W. B. Scranton: Linda Stuart,. White, St. Ja$o.Brigf—Isaac M. Denson, Barton, Para and a market, Burdett St, Noble; Nova Proviienza (Neap.), Bogiens, Naples. Chamberlain, Phelps & Co.; Cedar, Rohlf, Manzanillo, Ri'ger Bros.; Umpire* H i g g i n s , S i e r r a L e o n e , T h o m p s o n i t H u n t e r ; T h o s . S n o o k ( B r . ) , French, Batburst.Schooners—Laura Gertrude, Campbell, Charleston, DoDner tc sideration of the Annual Appropriation bill. The Potter; Sarah Jane, Gardner, Newport, master; D. C. Huls«» Conklin, Charleston, Jonas Smith & Co.: Starlight, York, Port, amounts are increased over the appropriations of last land; W. Raleigh, Phillips, Charleston, D. C. Murray: A- J. Doyear in all those particulars where I have made any Rossett, Tucker, Wilmington; Peerless, Doe, Bermuda, McCsilcomparison, and the bill contains several large appro- &. Frith; J. W .t Faolltlin, Bo«ton. Dayton & Sprague.officers were diligently searching in Jersey Cityl o r J e f e n C a n o e , th< s C h i n a m a n , w h o i s s u p p o s e d t obe satisfied that the Spray met with euch a fate; I found that I could do but little more that' night, and so r e t u r n e d t o m y v e s s e l , w h e r e I a s c e r t a i n e d t h a t t h e Spray left the foot of Pike street, in oompany withFrom Our Own Correspondent.^ ALBANY, March 26, I860.have -murdered Cap * "Leete and his brother, of the sloopSpray. The -Chins >man went on shore at Jersey City •one other sloop, on the 15th inst.. a. m., bound forThe Assembly devoted the entire session to the con-Guilford; she had some light-freight on board for that -abooi 8 o'clock on Saturday morning, with Capt. Webb plaee; before I elept that night I saw Capt. Bennett,of the schooner Thomas £. French, and as soon as t'ae •of the sloop Gem (the veasal referred to as having vewl-boat came o.p to the dock he sprang ashore, and jrone out with the Spray), and learned from him imce that time, o p to yesterday afternoon, no definite that the Spray kept off on the night of the loth forKorwalk, a& the weather was threatening a siorm; I miormatioa had been obtained of his movements. was unable to obtain any further trace of her east; I The receding 'tide yesterday afternoon left the Spray telegraphed to Guilford on Sunday morning to makecpen theeandy beach at the south end of the Battery, inquiry if the Chinaman had been seen there, and was answered that he had not; at my suggestion, GeneralWhile the crowd were thus eagerly watching, theprisoner, with the 'Officers Nevin, Bingham, Washburn, the inhabitants along the beach put upon the watch for andCaptainSmithweregoingoutatthebackdoorand themincase theyshould be thrown ashore. Everypriations for objects which, fortunately, are not yet annual. Thus one item of $354,606 is appropriated from the General Fund Revenue to pay interest on that portion of the debt chargeable to the General Fund Debt Sinking Fund; and another item of near the sameamountfromtheSinkingFunditself.In the debate, the first contest was on the amend- ment proposed, adding $500 to the salary of the Cura-Sloop—Oregon, Rhodes, Providence, master. Steamer—Franklin, McKabe, Baltimore, W . Dalzell.A r r i v e d .Steamship Gooreen Creek, Willets, Savannah via Norfolk,mdse and pass, to H. B. Cromwell & Co. March 19, 15 miles S. ofCapeLookout,experiencedaheavygalefromN.E.shiftingto N. W . ; carried away mizzen topmast, and was compelled to lay to 4 days.a short distant: e above the Governor's Island Ferry Superintendent Carpenter sent a dispatch to the author- across a platform being used by the masons in the. erec-effort will be made to recover them, and we hear that a suitable reward is about to be offered for them.dock, and with in stone's throw of the South Ferry. At ities of Guilford requesting them to arrest John Canoe, •3 o'clock the tide had fallen sufficiently to admit of a if there, on suspirion of murdering Capt. Beete andpartial ecramrufttion being made by the Harbor Police. brother, of the sloop Spray; I learned on furtherinquiries on Sunday morning that the sloop A hole large enough to admit a man's body was dis- was seen to come down through Hell Gate on•eovered on the larbord bow, and through this had Sunday, the 18th inst., with no one on deck but Canoo, flowed all the water found in the vessel. This hole he being at the helm; I have been unable to obtaintion of a new building, to Ann street, where a carriage was in waiting for them. They entered the carriage,Steamship Columbia, Berry^ Charleston 49 hours, mdse, and tor of the State Cabinet of Natural History. In the pass, to Sporford, Tileston it Co.was caused during the collision between the Spray andany further trace of the sloop Spray from that pointpurpose successfully, the hack left without the prisoner; the police said that he had been taken out by the back door and was then in Chamber -street, and the multi-Proprietors of exchange offices would confer a favor and an aid to justice by taking notice of this request.practical geological information that, fortunately for W. N. W . 60 miJea, took a pilot from Washington (No. 4). yhos. Wright, an ordinary seaman, was thrown by the spanker boom,the State and its educational interests, the present and killed instantly. Has had two deaths among the pass.• Lacinda. By means of boat-hooks the officers hauled until she was found off Barnegat; my views of the affair are that Capt. Beete and his brother were mur-out a*sheet which bore unmistakable marks of blood, dered in Norwalk Harbor on the night of the 15th, andW e regret that, through an oversight, a paragraph tude reluctantly retired. It was deemed necessary to crept into our report yesterday, which improperly as-Curator brings into the office. The amendment was adopted.The next contest of any importance arose on the items pertaining to the Insurance Department. TneShip Chailen D. Merwin, Merwin, Antwerp Feb. 1, and Flush- tog 4tb, mdse. and 11 pas*, to J. W . Elwell it Co.Bark Roebuck, Chase, Buenos Ayres Feb. 7, bides, t c , to J. Thompson. The barks Orlando, Niokerson, for Boston; Orchilla, Chiney, for New-Y ork; Mary E. Downworth, Baker, for St.and -cpon the mattress in the same berth were also crimson stains. Various' articles of ship stores were fished up and hauled on deck, but the most minute and•careful search failed to produce a body.»-One article after another was hauled upon deck andthat on the next morning, it being foggy, Canoe gotthe vessel out into the Sound and thre w the bodiesoverboard-; he is a shrewd fellow, and I think he attached weights to the bodies, so that they could not befound; as both were stout men, and in good health,my views are that the Chinaman drugged their tea, so ber street, the prisoner was handed over to Marshalthat he might-themore easily accomplish.his purpose; •axefullyexamined,withaviewtodiscoveringevi--ifromanexaminationofthepass-bookofthesales.of-deuce of crime, but, with the exception of the sheet and cargo, I discovered that Capt. Beete should have had-mattress above mentioned, nothing was found with sooae $350, and that the great part was in specie, for his face became flushed, and, for the first time sinceblood-stains thereon. Owing t > the quantity of water which kind of money the Chinaman had a peculiar at-tachment, as-I have heard of him throwing away bank that still remaiged inthe hold, it was impossible to get bills and saying " N o good," whereas he would take- at the articles and freight therein except by means of great care of any coin; I am further inclined to theSchr. Sophia Collins (of Plymouth^ N. C ) , Stanton, S t Kitt'« The House thought that the whole expense of the 22 days, molasses to J. L. Da-vis Experienced heavy weather last night. The studios and the exhibition room were, Department, and that part in particular, should be paid the entilr«e passage; lost sails. March 14, lat. 30 9, ion. 74 23, assed a large black schr. waterlogged, abandoned! and on her earn <mds; was loaded with yellow pine, and had both masts gone; same day, spoke Bremen b»ig Kunignudie, Lorensen, fromopinion that Canoe, after the collision (which was no doubt accidental), had, in his hurry to escape, lost bis booty after all; I have learned through Capt. Webb that no one wab at the helm, and that the Chinaman was seen walking the deck.probability.- The vessel left here on the 15th inst., in company subsequently lodged in the City Prison at Jersey City,by the Companies, and directed the clause to read, inThe other items passed smoothly as reported, until Cienfuegos. for Queenstown, 14 days out.ha*£&33k?r^ and farther search will be impossible until ' ***& water is pumped ont. This, however, cannot be4*9a&e until the breach in the bow is closed, or until the :Spray shall be hoisted upon a dry-dock.That a bloody murder has been committed upon this -vessel, there can now be little doubt, and the sheets . and bedding dabbled with gore serve to strengthen thetion was held touching the number of murderers now under arrest, and the Bubject of hanging generally. All this seemed to depress the prisoner.the artists were brilliantly lighted up, and a much finer exhibition of sketches and unfinished pictures was offered to their friends than will be ever seen byan additional item was moved by Mr. Conkling, appro- Sriating $36,000 for the draining of the CayugaSchr. Enchantress (of Newburyport), Evan*, Maraeaibo Marclr 5, fustic to Merrill it Abbott. Sailed to company with the schr. Julia Rogeru, Perkins, fo* New-Xork. March 12, off St. Nioohv-with the schooner Gem, the captain of which says that he parted with her in Norwalk Bay, whither she headed, wiih a view, as he supposed, of seeking a har- bor there for the night, as the weather looked, squally.to await further action of the authorities.Shortly after noon yesterday, the engineer and brake- man on the Philadelphia train, coming in, reported that as they crossed the Hackensack bridge a man had been seen making for a piece of woods, and from his appear-about 12 o'clock, and taking a position right in front of the prisoner, at once identified him as the man who tookuoon him—war-hoop, scalping knife and hatchet. pine to Peck it Church. Been 17 days N. of Hatteras, with heavyit made a most favorable impression, notwithstanding. N. andN. W. jralex.That section has been so long in the receipt of appro- 8chr. Saco, Taylor, Ntfwbern, N. C.,20 days, naval stores\toThe point of view represented is about seventy miles priations to complete the draining of Cayuga marshes, J. G. Williams. Been 16 days N. of Hattaras, with heavy w<The supposition is that the Chinaman drugged the tea,thus throwing the captain and his brother into a deepsleep, and then barbarously murdered them one afterthe other. On the morning of the 16th, which' was the Spray, who was picked up from a yawl boat atthe night before she sailed.Mr. Edward Watts, brother of Smith Watts, iden-tified the daguerreotype found in the pocket of a coat belonging to Oliver Watts, which was found'in John- son's clothes-bag, after his arrest, as that of a young lady friend of his brother, living atlslip, L. I.eye ranges over vast plains, with herds of buffaloes grazing upon them, and the lofty, snow-crowned sum- mits of Mount Laramie and Long's Peak are seen in the distance. Mr. Bierstadt has in his studio a great number of Indian trophies, which bear witness to his explorations in the Far West.become slightly confused in their ideas, being disposed to mix up the State Treasury and Cayuga marshes somewhat promiscuously, and to drain the former more rapidly than the latter. The debate on tnis amendment became somewhat animated, interspersed with some sharp personal allasions between Messrs. Conkling and Callicot, in which the last did not become first. The amendment was adopted.Schr. W . D. Cargill, Hawkins. Baltimore 10 dajs,«oaL Ex rienced heavy weather; loit sails,Schr. Albemarle; Florence, Suffolk, Va., 5 days, shingles Benton Bros.Schr. Ellen Baker, Stillman, Newborn,' N. C , 3 days, naval stores to maater. , . -vSchr. Isabella. Clark, mdse. from ship De Witt Clinton,ashore n S<juap7 to Johnson it Higgtos.Sclir. Natlianiel S. Rue, , North Carolina 3 days, corn to J. G. Williams.ARREST OF THE • CHINAMAN.The Chinaman, Canoe, or Jackaloo, was arrestedCapt. Baker, a gentleman engaged in the oyster the public. In the exhibition room were some land- fitted, paid into the Treasury, and expended by the teras.Schr. Marv Stedman, Goodell, St. Marys. Ga., 6 Says, navalbusiness in the Spring-street Market, came into the scapes of extraordinary character, the largest and most Canal Commissioners. As tne friends of State ap- stores to Dioble it B.unce. March 23, Cape HenJopen bearing N. office and recognized the prisoner as a man whosa he propriations to local objects have a bill already by E. 25 miles, passed the bow of a sunken vessel; baava w, 'Theiraccountof thearrestisasfollows:while the above-named persons were at dinner, a manaccomplished their object,, and while standing at the bridge toll-gate, Jackaloo came up the road to cross the bridge, the men appearing not to notice him. As he was in the act of paying the toll, one of the men a3ked him if he was not the man who attempted .to cross the railroad bridge; he replied that he was. They th«naskedhimwhat countrymanhewas,and he re- pliedthathewasanEastIndiaman. Becoming satis-of one George II. Burr was mate and commander; that said sloop «wo of the sisters being married. The Captain and his aloo," when the prisoner whirled around suddenly, is on American sloop.Jbtrother were single men. bnt immediately afterword denied that that was his ADDITIONAL AFFIDAVIT OF OFFICER NEVIN.Geo. Nevin made a further affidavit, stating on information and,.The Chinaman is said to have had an abhorrence of name. They then stopped a train of cars and brought belief that Johnson, on the 21«t of March, with force and arms, 3paper money, and would often throw it away, when their prisoner to Jersey City about 4 o'clock. At the feloniously, phatically, and of his malice aforethought^did killh&9ded, him he declaring it "»o good." John Canoe, or depot Assistant Superintendent Woodruff searched the said information being derived from the appearance of the ves- sel, lrom facts stated to him by the Captain of the vessel which Jackaloo, is described as being of dark complexion, prisoner, and found tied around his waist in a small picked up the sloop, from conversations of persons who knewwith long blackhair.*Hehadonaheavy sou'wester sackandastocking, $39G 80of which $3^7 was in Johnsontohavebeenasailoronboard,andfrom,havingfoundin the possession of the prisoner certain articles identified as havingMr.Coonlcy,Greene.Mr. Cornelius, Suffolk.Mr. Couehm'an, Schoharie.ef his cargo, while others do not think he had more than half that amount.In the berth from^which the bloody sheet was takeu w a s a card bearing the following quotation: " A r efrom this putt. He had seen a yawl boat which was said to nave Longfellow, portraits of two children by Stanton, and been left by Johnson at the Telegraph Station, Staten Island, onthe 21st, and he recognized it as a boai belonging to the sloop £.' a small interior by Blauvelt. Mr. Hays had a capital A. Johnson, and which waB with it on its last voyage.AFFIDAVIT OF DANIEL SIMMONS.Daniel Simmoni, rebiding at Keyport, N. J., swore that John-jrou-ready for death, judgment, and eternity'!" sus invitesYOU to heaven; are you ready to go ?"through the air; but all the rest of the pictures exhibited Mr. Culver,Rensselaer, son was a sailor on board ol the sloop £1. A. Johnson, on her last were landscapes. An exquisitely beautiful bust of a Mr. Darcy, KingR." Je- Captain .Leete and his brother were both «juiet andvoyage from New-York to Virginia; that he had boon shown ashot-Das taken from the prisoner, which he identified as (he .one boy in marble, by Launt Thompson, was exhibited. inwhichCapt.Burrwasinthecubitolcarryingbinmoney,and Itbelongsto Mr.RobertJ.Dillon, andisprobably a whichhehadwithhimonhislastvoyage;he knewCapt.Burr portraitofhisson.Mr. Decker, Sullivan.Mr. Doroch, Schenectady. Mr. Ellsworth, Saratoga. Mr. Fisher, Kings.Mr. tiibbs, Albany.Mr. Cover, New-iork./inoffensive men, and bore excellent characters at home:*TIW abroad, in public and. private. They did not visit fied, from his conversation and dress, that he was the jsbout mueh^and were much attached to the homestead. man, they told him that he must go with them. Theyhaveafather,mother,andthreesistersliving, Oneofthemenwhilebehindhim,calledout"Jack-bad a large sum of money when he sailed from here last. .AFFIDAVIT OF SELAH HOWELL..Selah Howell deposed that ho resides at Islip, Long Island;All the studios in the building were lighted up and Mr. Hall, SeHtca.Mr. Harris, New-York.look at him. The prisoner was at once conveyed toThe following i8 a very interesting statement from the cells and locked up. As the news spread, people with murder and piracy; he was committed for exam-Capt. Fowler, an intimate friend of Capt. Leete: came flocking from all directions, completely filling the STATEMENT OF CAi>T. JR. X,. FOWLER OF THE Station-House and blockading the streets around it.ination. At about 2 o'clock the prisoner was put in aMr. Finch, Essex.Mr. Flagler, Niagara. Mr. Fuller, Livingston.{By letter to Ellwood Walter, See. Board of Uadanr'rs..SCJOeONKIt SAKAW LEWIS OF GUILFORD.I havo been a townsman of Capt. Beete and his brother a number of years; they lived uear me in the Town of <*£ulford, Connecticut, and both were UD- usually qa»et and rnoffeuaivd men; they went very JitOe m comnauy, and both bore excellent character. at home and abroad; I first heard of the affair about sundown last Saturday night, and told the peraon/ whocarriage and conveyed to the Tombs by Lorenzo De Shortly after 5 o'clock, the prisoner was taken be- Angelis, U. S. Deputy Marshal, and other officers.of a few friends, for support.fully, early and late, with the needle, until her eyea Mr. Fultoni Saratoga.GREA T REDUCTION to SOUTHAMPTON and HA VRE.UNITED ST A TE8 MAIL STEAMSHIP ILLINOIS Will sail attfOON,SATURDAY, April 7, from Pier No. 3, North River, New-York, with MAILS, passengers, and specie, for Ea« gland'and FRAXCK. I.rAS*AGH OKBATLY KKDUCKP: •To Southampton, First Cabin, $76. Third Cabin, £30. To Havre .Fir*t Cabin, $80. Third Caftto, *8*.This favorite Steamship has boon rebuilt and refitted in the most thorough manner, for the European sorvioo, nas water- tight compartments, classes A 1 at Lloyds, and insures at as low a rate as any ship that crosses the •oean.D. TORRANCE, Agent, No. & BowUng-green.New-York.^informed me that it was too absurd to believe; at the questions:W e have received the following important letter with money to reach it. Under these circumstances, / Republicans to Roman Democrats in Italics.from a gentleman at New-Utrecht, JJ. I., which goes some of her friends, whose will to aid her is much bet- Of the 5G Ayes, 31 were Democrats and 25 Repub-to throw Borne light upon the probable whereabouts of ter than their ability, make this appeal. One half the licans; of the 00 ;Nays, 55 were Republicans and 5 1he wloop when the murders were committed. necessary sum has been raised, but about $10 are still Democratsjtime I heard of it, I was at work on my veasel' foot ofpike street, jKaafc^iiver; Officer Shaw of the ThirteenthJh&ecinct, whom I had occasionally met, came on boardof xuy vessel and asked me if I was acquainted withQ. What is your name ?A. Sam Patch. [Laughter.] C£. Where do you belong'/connected with .the yeocel, and it was probable that thecaptain and his brother Jhad been murdered by John board; we down below.Havre:KHTXTHMXO, FROM J-KOM NHW-TOKK KOK SOVTU- HAVKS &. aOOTKA**".Canoe the Chinaman, who was on board, as he hadseen the captain of tne schooner who picked up theChinaman in an open boat atjsea; that led me to sup- up there. • • pose that there might be something in the, report I hadAMurroa AN» UAVKK.ILLINOIS, Gritfen....Saturday, April ' Wednesday, April 'X.previously heard, and as I was well acquainted with . The prisoner was then committed to the celJs tolWj.208.S'ui'KRioK COURT—Short CftnseB.> " » • » < - ,Saturday, Juno 2 Wedaeaday, J W *• ^Saturday, June 16Capt. Leete, and he was a particular friend determinedtoinvestigatetnematter,4»daccordingly ««ta00utit immeo^ately; j arranged wf'-b Officer Shaw to n.eet me m tb-rty nunctes w*d go to •Ivs&y City acidV ANDERBIL TThese stop*have water-light compartments.of mine, Iawait the action of the United States authorities. STATEMENTOFTHEPRISONER;Subsequently our reporter viwited the prisoner in theCOURT OK COMMON PI.KAS.~-Part L—No 4U. Part II.—Nos.48,61,64. ; <wwBROOKLYN CITY COURT CAI.KNOAR, March xf/.—NOB.C, 42, 4^ 4, 20, 46, 2, 3a, 41,'.,,211, 41, 41), W, 61, 5^, 54, 5i, iKi, 5fc Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069f j * * ^ ^its, smiled when he conversed, but his countenance in- dicates treachery. "He had on a brown sack overcoat (said to beloDg to all attached to the vessel, at once recognized the yawl' Capt. Leete), a monkey jacket, new overallB overiusas belonging to the sloop Spray; I then came to the conclusion that there was foul play, and determined, upon continuing the investigation; the officer took the book, the hatcnet, and the -letter, and we three re- turned to New-York, and found the General Superin-'pants, and a new cap.The general appearance of the vessel, as far as canbe seen, shows that she is very old, and in several tendeot of Police, before whom -we laid the matter; I. . COMMITTAL OF THE PRISONER.fore Kecorder Bedford handcuffed, when Mr. Sanford An examination will be had on Wednesday, in one made a formal complaint charging Jackalow with the of the Federal Court-rooms.jnusder of Capt. Leete and liis brother, on' the high seaswhile on board the sloop Spray.,Mr. Hough, LowiB.sloop com and struck and capsized us; both over- after she left Keyport on Sunday, the lffth, until Bhe ran into the •caooner John B. Mather, it being taken for granted that sheofthecase,werepeatthevotesofthemembersfor Kew-York and Westchester as follows:ships sail every fortnight between New-York, Southampton, andRecorder—That will do, that's enough.Sam Patch—Tell you more bime by, when we gothere, waiting for a fair wind, until Tuesday about sunset, when40.r», 705, 750, 763, 765; 767, 76a, 781, 785, 7Uft, 791, 708 797 7<M 801,805,l«»7,809,811,818,815,819,821.•Part1l.-Police oases 'Mr. Coles, New-York. Mr. Gover, New-York.Jackaloo fe about five feet four inches in hight, andTHEMURDERSIN THE'BAY.the doors.The following affidavits were taken by the UnitedStates District Attorney: .AFFIDAVIT OF GEORGE NEVIN.George Neviu, a police oflicor attached to the Second Precinct in the City of New-York, being duly sworn, says—That on tneprevious workswere some strikingHicks, at the City of Providence, to which place he had tracedhim from New-York by the way of Fall Itiver; the prisoner saidhe prefeired to come willingly to New-York, instead of lyingfor his own special visitors in his own studio his " Morning in May," an admirable piece of American,W e give below the Yeas and Nays in the Assemblyon Friday last on the question of passing the Record-Commission Swindle over the Governor's veto: 'YEAS—fTo pass the bill over the Veto]:areo at Ford's Dock, Brooklyn, in a damaged condition.The *hipDeWittCuilitnoton,.'latelyashore"onSquanBeach, wa»towed up to the city on Monday night by steamtng Achilles', hav tog 9(!0 oil casks in her, and keeping two steam pumps going.The bark Vonus, arr. 25th tost, from Curacoa. sailed fro oothence 3th inet., reports 21st inst, lat. 36 ,')2, Ion. 74 10, passed a steam- ship bound S. having two smoke stacks and two walking beams, supposed the North Star.B y T e l e g r a p h .FORT LAFAYETTE,sunset,March26.—Throebrigsinside the Hook, bound iu. Wind moderate from W. N. W.; weather clear.SANDY HOOK, Hunset, March 26.—Ship Missouri, for New- Orleans, cleared the Bar at 2:40 p. m. One bark outsldo the Barr boundin. WindmoderatefromW.N.W.;weathercloar.HIGHLANDS, sumet, March 26.—Four barks a»d two brigs in the Ofllng, bound In. Wind light from the N. W .: weather Clear.BALTIMORE, March 26.—Arr. schr. John Griffith, from St J«go 12th tost.Sailed, bark* Overman, and Dumbarton, both for New-York.Ashore, ichr. Snow Squall, from Saltoa, P. P., 5th tost, went ashore yesterday at Thomas Point.NORFOLK, Miweh 26.—Schr. Mary Adeline, from New-York*or_^fterisbvij-fi^anr._leakin^;runintoandbadlydamaged. i x rioiBgiuaorr. leaking; run into and badly dauuSAVANNAH, March26.—TMhescrewsteamship.Montgomeryat 9 o'clock p. m. 25th tost. Was detained at Sandy Hook 12 >urs by a snow storm.BOSTON, March 26.—Arr. ships Versailles, Sherburne, Pe nang; Blandina Dudley, from Calcutta; barks Volant, Burp**. Singapore;Salacia,Freeman,BuenosAyres;Linden,Kffby, New-Orleans; brigs Poinsett, Hill, Galveston; Longviils, Hi<f- gins, Cape Haytien.Below, ship Electric Spark, from New-York.Ofl Highland Lipht, Cape Cod, bark Wajren, Hallett, from Algoa Bay for Boston.eI H s a a t c r a , Arc.NKVI-OBT, March 26.—The schr. Connecticut, Doan, fromlndianola Feb. 19, with a cargo of cotton and hides, for New- •Jork, arr. lust night, had severe weather and head winds, split sails, damaged rigging, and sprung mast. Cargojudged to be in good order.—[ By telegraph. „„ , _.,Si\ THOMAK, March 1.—The bark Charles William (of New* York), Pendleton, bound to Marseilles, with a cargo of staves, arr. at this port yesterday leaking, with bulwarks carried away, deck load and water cask* gone. Capt. Pendleton was lost over- board on the evening of the lGth ult., and the vessel brought in here in charge of the mate. The leak is supposed to be to the upper workb. . ; — . _ ! »,*W» ,arIf*,! -t .ibrother, and me as cook going after oysters; at Bar-negat, on W ednesday last, the sloop struck and cap-sized us; captain and brother went overboard in thewater and drowned; I was d>wn below cooking; meget in small boat, and about two hours there, when neighborhood, and had the reputation of being an hon- Bchooner took me off; the.caotain's name Webb; onon the body, when a verdict of " Found drowned.'1 B-.and while the crowd in Beekman street gaped expec- "Captain Weed of the Second Precinct is desirous to' tantly, the prisoner had arrived at the office of U. S. ascertain where Hicks exchanged his silver for thereported bilL the amount was fixed at $1,000. In past Steamship Chesapeake, Crowell, Portland, mdse. and pass, to years, $12,000 and $15,000 have been paid to the per- H. B. Cromwell it Co.son occupying that po3t, and the predecessor of Col. pass, to Williams it Guion. Been to westward of the Banks 9there in jail to await a requisition, and that he cameto, New-York without being arrested by virtue of or half cultivated, quiet scenery, representing the delicateunder any warrant; that Johnson told deponent hehad not been in this city during March; that hefound on Johnson's person a watch and shot-bag whichhave hince been identified as having been the property of Capt. white and pink blossoms. There were but few figure Burr; that Johnson told him that the watch was one that he hadbought from his brother three years ago. AFFIDAVIT OF HENRY SEAMAN.pieces to be seen, for the studio artists are nearly allMr. Arculariut, New-Y ork.Mr. Barnett. Madison.Mr. Beebe, Chenango.Mr. Bowman, Montgomery. Mr. Kortriijht, Ulster. Mr.Briggs,Kings.Henry Seamsn, residing at No. 103 Degraw street, Brook- Johnson, and he identified it &H the watch owned by Captainand slay George H. Burr, the master of the sloopE.A. Johnson;week the exhibition of the National Academy will be Mr. Burns, New-York. opened, and then all the treasures of the studios, which Mr. Butler, Warren.Mr. MoFadden, Clinton. Mr. McVean, Cortland.Mr. Matterson, New-York.proceeded immediately to sea.. Such, however, is not the foot,YEAS.Mr. O'Rourke, Now York.Mr. A. Smith, New-York.Mr. Voorhees, New-York.Mr. Walsh, New-York.Mr. Webster, New-York.Mr. Woodruff, New-York—14.NAYS.IMr.Masterion,New-York. Mr. Tucker. New-York.Mr. Variuu, New-York—6.she putouttosea, Opt. Burr having cullJled at the store of theundersigned in the mean time.I state these facts, BMU will more definitely fix the placewhere the foul deed was committed.THOMAS M. HEGEMAN.AVto- Utrecht, March 26, JUtkV THEHICKflFAMILY. . 'T'A gentleman who ia uu ojd resident of Rhode JilundSaturday,April21VANDERBILT, Lefovre, Sat'day, May 5 Wednesday, June b.ayWednesday, May 9.Whole, but, after reading one section, the Committee rose without making any progress.often.One night, however, Simon went to Crosaman's the District Attorney of New-York relative to bills af-were very friendly, and Simon used to visit him veryMarshal Rynders. When the stratagem had served its bills of the Farmers' and Citizens' Bank, of Brooklyn. Jewett was not the possessor of that scientific and days, with heavy westerly gales. Mareh 23, Sandy Hook bearingpursue this course in order to avoid the possibility of an attack by the excited throng.sailed the Assistant District Attorney.Superintendent asked for a sum for tne ordinary ex- Thomas, sailed previously. March 13, lat. 23 19, Ion. 61 ZZ, spokeHaving arrived at the U. S. Courts building in Cham-penses of his Department, and an additional sum toliynders, to await further action in his case.He appearedpalewhenheenteredthe U.The first item is a charge defrayed by the different CompaniesdoingbusinessinthisState,while,inthe Opinion of that officer, the latter item must be at theW. gales for the part 12 days; has been blown off tfeecoast four times.BrigL.M.Arnold(Br.,of8t.John's),Atldruon,SaltKey,T. I., 19 days, salt to F. 1. Nevios it Son.his arre8t/he appeared to realize the true nature of his position.In the U. S. Marshal's office considerable conversa- guished strangers at present in the city. The rooms ol*THELASTARTISTS' . THERECEPTION SEASON.FORBark Margaret (Br., of Newcastle), Robinson, Trieste, and 5JThe artists of the Studio Building in Tenth streetS. Marshal's office, but, after sitting for a while, gave their second and last Reception for the season, expense of the State.as usual on these occasions, filled with a crowd of con-noisseurs, among whom were many of the distin- accordance.remarkable of them being Mr. Bieratadt's " Rocky ordered to _ a third reading in the House, mak- streak painted round the head : supposed it to be a schr. yesterday, afternoon at the Hackensack Kailroad had seen on board the sloop>E. A. Johnson. Bfe was Mountains," a picture which he has but just finished ing a similar appropriation, but without the Schr. S. B. Bailey, Line, Georgetown, S. C , 8 day«,\navalbridge, about four miles from Jersey City, and wascertain of the man, as he has frequently seen him.Mr. Selah Howell entered the Marshal's Office sufficient for the proper exhibition of such a work, but Conkling soon found that all the Cayugas were Schr. N«w-Jersey, Venniman, Jacksonville 22 days, yetlowance they believed he was the Chinaman belonging to/supper with Capt.-Burr and himself on board the sloop west of Fort Laramie, on a branch of the Platte; the that it begins to look as if people in that section had er; lost sails.dazzled the eye by their brilliant effects of color.Oneofthemwasagenuinelydomesticscene,ahar-vest moon throwing its silvery light over a field ofScrrr. Percy Heibner, Gandy, Tampico, N. C, 4 days, shingle* to master.SteamerDawn,Pcny,New-Bedford,mdse.andpas*,toBars- tow it Pope.Schr. Mary Price, Blizzard, Wilmington, Del., 2 days, corn to 230,700 00 Allen it Paxson.;Bouth of Fort Richmond, saw H cks yesterday, anddentifiedhimasthatman! Healsoidentifiedaglazed cap found in Hicks's baggage as the cap he had on that morning.Mr. Michael Durman also identified Hicks as the manwhom he had met on the road between Fort Richmondand the Vanderbilt landing last Wednesday morning, seemed as translucent as water; the other was a twi- amount of the actual appropriation from the Statecorn and pumpkins. The other two were tropical PVom the income of the U. S. Deposit Fundscenes in South America—a sunrise, called Lamona, in which the earth itself was so bathed in light that itFrom tiie Bank Fund TotalSchr. Ella Cannon, Sears, Leipsic, Del., 2 days, corn to R. D. Barrett.Schr. John C. Herry, Smith, Rondout, coal for Savannah. Schr. J. R. Bleeck.-r, Everett, Philadelphia4 days.Schr. D. M. Mejerole, Smith, Philadelphia 4 days, coal.ent fromwe havelandscapes by McEntee, Hubbard, Gifford, WilliamI'.urr, and the one which Burr had with him onnialast voyage with great fidelity; there was T. B. Read's portrait of Mr. Coles, New-York.any of his seen. Therethattints of an early Spring, when the foliage of the forest is of a tender green, and the fruit trees.are covered withMr. B. Allen, Oneida.Mr. Jonet, KinsMr. Johnson, Delaware.Mr. C. Kelscy, Kings.Mr. Kennedy, Fulton and Ham.portrait ^f a pointer and a ruffed grouse whirring Mr. Crane, Cattaraugus. Mr. Crocker, Steuben., 'that he is an American citizen, and was on the 21st of March open to the company excepting that of Mr. Church, Mr. Hoskius, Wyoming.inst.,andstillis,apartowneroftheHloopE.A.Johnson,where-whohavingabargepictureinahall"finishedconditionon his.easel, not only closed his doors upon the crowd,Mr.Hnbbell.Westchester. Mr. Jaques, New-Y ork.but contributed nothing to the exhibition below. Next Mr. O. Allen. Eric. Mr. R. S. Kelsey, Oswego.Mr. Carter, Oswego.have mostly been exhibited to the artists' friends at Mr. Chittenden, at. Lawrence Mr. Mather, Broome.public at large.Mr. Coleman,Rensselaer. Mr. Conkling, New-Y ork. Mr. Ccok, Chatauqua.She has labored cheer-have become affected, and ahe is unable loDger to earn Mr. Gray, Steuben.i- iI ••"•Messrs. Graves &. Sayies have notified the U. S.District-Attorney that they will appear in behalf of her in another city. IJut she is unable to provide her- Mr. Jennings, Suffolk.' •the sloop Spray aad her captain and crew; I replied A. I belong to sloop Spray, of Guilford; two weeks To thi Editor of The N. Y. 'IVibvne. wanting. Any sums which may be sent to tbis oJlice In order that our City readers may have a dear view STEAM—NEW-YORK, SOUTHAMPTON; aa<Ithat x was intimately acquainted with all of them; he SIR: In all the published,statementsconcerningthe ill-fated for her will be duly acknowledged. alsoinformedmet&attherewassome mytutryagoCapt.Leete,brotherandine,SamPatch;another sloopE.A.Johnson,nomentionismadeofherwhereaboutsCOURT CALENDAR—Tins DAY.tfhearrivedmGravesendBayonSundayafcernoon,andremained SUI'KKMK COUUT—CIRCUIT-—Part I.—SOB. (547 435 Mr. Arculariut, New-York. Mr. Odell, Wostohenter.HA VRE. TheVANDKKMtLTEuropeanLinoUnitedStatesMailSteam-SUI'KKME COURT—Si'iiCiAi, TKRM.—Nos. 21G Lto*6 Mr. Harris, New York.Wednesday. May » • Wednesday, Jon* »>.n. 82, 162,182, 201, 127, 128, 180, 209, 58, 112, 138, 204*139 itMr. Hubbell, Westchester. Air. Juijuus, New-Yoik.Air. Milllken, Wentchester.Mr.Burns,New-York. Mr. Conkhni, Now-York. Mr. Cooper, New-York.ILLINOIS _..Saturday, May 1»the location of the Schuyler County buildings at Havana was reported favorably, and, without amend- ment, made the special order for to-morrow evening.The bill to provide for the payment of Croton wateriAT THK TaiBr^K STR;And delivered to< Bobneribers, $6 pT H E N E W - A VEJIY LAThe PRESIDENT presented a communication from sin fundx.CMIOOO, March 26—Sight Exchange on New-York finnatttty een* premium for owrrency, and i ^ cent premium for go!4Receipt* of Produce.Total by nil Route*—March 26.—:7,0C0 bbl«- Floor, 2,000 de. Corn Me»l, 30,000 bush. Corn, 1,300 pkgs. Provisions, ilj ^. Lard, 650 do. Whisky.•»Xave Stock on the N. If", and Erie Rainroao:.Gixrvn-LK, Monday, March28, l*o. For the week ending Monday, March 26.-77 cars Cattle, 17 C M HOBH, 12 cars Horses, 9 cars Sheep—makiJMt UScaiaof lfar» stock—add 131 cars of express freight—waking total no&Wc ofcars hauled by Stock Express duringthe weok/46; lsoreaseover; last week of 21 cars of stock.unriA Ttixx A VCAKAC.£nn—Rises... . 5:54 | Sots. 6:19 | Moon—Set#.... 11 ^ t HIGH WATKU THIS DAT.Sandy Hook. .11:01.1 Oov.lsUnd...11:511 HeD-G«te......01:3*MARINE JO UBNAL.o>POET OF NEW-YORK MAROH 2«-C l e a r e d .Ship—MiHHOuri. Hughes, New-Orleans, W m . Nelson it Son.Barks—Wave Crest, Harmon, Buenos Ayres, R. W. Ropes tcThe remainder of the session was consumed in per- Meincke; Prento (Dutch), Cremer, Rotterdam, Funch atNoincke;T h e S e n a t e a d j o u r n e d u n t i l t h i s e v e n i n g a t 7 o ' c l o c k .brig Isabel, hence for Poito Rico; 16th,' lat. 28 54, Ion. 6941, Br. brig Elizabeth, from Turk's Island for St. John's.defray expenses ot agents employed in examining the•condition of Insurance Companies of doubtful solvency. days from Gibraltar, fruit to Murray it Ingaie. Had heavy N.larebea, but providing that the amount should be molc, saw schr. Moxo (of Frovincetown), bouni S. Has expe- levied and collected from the owners of the laud bene- rienced heavy weather on the coast; has been 7 days N. of Hat*stores to master. Experienced heavy weather, and Iosn.deck from sketches made last Summer. The light was in- restrictions embraced in the amendment, Mr. load.The appropropriations passed upon to-day,with thoseSchz. James K. Stoneback, Briggs, Newbern, JS. C, 7 days.From the General Fund Revenue $1,656,483<):.t FromtheGeneralFundDebtSinkingFund........ 1,954,60610From the Common School Fund From the Literature Fund107,867 35 $4,144,856 48treasury,mustbedeductedtheappropriationsfrom the School, Literature, and Bank Funds, and the several items from the General Fund, paying the expenses of the Bank and Insurance Departments, and also theNAYS—[To sustain the Veto]Mr. Barden, Yates. Mr. McArthur, Columbia.illrpoblWu. urUouian; DemocraU to KtUi<*.W. TORRANCE, As.«uit, No. :>Bowling «re«n, New-Xerk.180,200 00 14,500 00Sandy Hook, was towed up to this city, on Monday, Jfoaking bad- WHO VOTED FOR THE GREAT SWINDLE ? ly, havinga steam pumpconstantlygoing. She IsdischargingherHe had been winning for about '--'-- -- —•-—-« ^TM «ev*nweeki,and whenW MMShip Chancellor, Mooney, Liverpool Feb. 11, mdse. and 130Prion ol pasxugeehher way the same. Per VAJTOKK»«•*': FirstCabin i^OO. SecondCabin-....*w-Cwtiiieate* Of Passage i«sned from Europe w America.. 8p«ci«» delivered iu Loudon auuIV.rls.i www.fultonhistory.com 