 chacces o f boconif more less indrrpend- eiiher foreign "toe po«»ph>of witharapid- countryoftl»remedy;and option of meat-lie a cheap and ; Ibleaudiinapor-""\rr those raeas- rtion, we seed rftve tariff o f[that whileour f*e* per cent, i"al and man- ed. Had thatenttime,we\ Imuch iron a s , c-naff>rdto world an agri-Breav lirnilar t o ?t and English.\m to iron as&^ who study t h e how abundanti at least three- , always, asw e0>f civilization,aestion forthefrom the sub-:. Oktibb*h*,CO.. >S, gaid «V>jis •boot 37 yearn o f ,o:':hfar.;>.ifnot not rroloctedtvsrpwn poiaiaof I t o Back, rathrr j-dtinruadmahi* Liiigh. bet waJktm K<-3d, Write andth*minerslw«dtb--«Teflnrthii»gwhich ooritrihtito"to make a grantcountry.i»toh*fbtmd wiibinth« HmitaoftheKejnrtooe:••.BADEN-BADEN./caught;irave their generous support.• sr.ii recognition to the regultr dele- crtlon (rnn- tbi« State,, and that the' Chairman and Secretary of thih St-te t.omuiit'ee transmit J. copy ol" thin resolution to the»ylTmeiab&'vecon>etoth« conclo*iou 'hatthe CongreMof the Xmit«dSt»t**ranb*b»tt*-remployedindc7«'opir»^the;roat material ttfovrevm of thecoontrytnanin vr»-tin<tim*by forcingout the Union in November.THE PR'NTING..;, No signs,of the Persia. Weather cloudyand calm.A banquetwfs giventoGeorgeWilkes,ewj.,last 4"inningattheAstorHoUse,andbewaatherepreaenvdijth la $£00 SVCIFS chronometer stop wa^ch by bi» T>yfriendsandadmirers. Jas.T.Brady,esq.,the|:e>gu"8toftheevening,Mr.Felter,Col.Xumsdenof <\i^ifomia,andB.P.Andrew»,esq.Onbinleft,Judge•'jfSsh, T Hyer, 'esq. M r. Smith, of Tht Sunday i\wrier, and J.C.Haney, esq. Atthelowertable*i i A noticed Sinclair Tonsey, «sq., Capt. Joseph Hai&V »fimf8Irving,e»q.,Wm.Mulligan,esq.,Edward? 1: ankman. ceq., Tbeo. S.Nims, Harry Howard, Capt. «jmesTnmer,andotherdistinguishedgentlemen,i j jludjng Mr. Cuwck, one of tbe seconds of ihe Cham- ri>n ofthe World in the late memorable contest in 1;wdand. •.. •: ;;[V^ h e n t h e c l o t h w a ^ r e m o v e d , C a p t . J A S . H . T P R I T E R , ip a neat and appropriate acdrees, presented tbe watch d$\r Wilkef*. H e alhided ttf the triumphs of M r. ilkes in his profession, in his l%te visit to Eogl^odj*d on bis return. H e hoped that it might be a me- •tRnto of the sincere and heartfelt devotion of his 1iIfndji.Mr.WILKESsr«id.inreply:the postages.Dix was instructed to make the necessary inquiry, who replied, he had heard indirectly that the terms would notbe accepted.It was ascertained yeste da* that M*. Van^er- bilt had gone to Saratoga, a n d a dispatch was sent there repeating the offer, with an ezpre«sion of ihe President's desire tbot the maiis should be car- ried, and that be would recommend Congress to ntake a fair compensation for he service. N o re- ply wa«* received to anyof thetelegrams to Mr. Yanderbilt o r M r . Davidge, either by th e Depart- ment or tneir acentf. here, and it is believed this silence w a s precoi.-certed with a view o f compell- ing fetme conditional arrangement upon which a C:aim before Coigress might b e predicated. At other steamer will start on the11th in»t.,and an effort will b e made in t h e me iutime t o bringa out an understanding, as the Department is en- tirely at thepower of he monopoly.N o answer was received,a n d M r .HorriI>le HfSBirder.CHICAGO1, Tuesday, July 3,1860.The following statement exhjnitsth eamounto'clock to-day.Eire atIVjew-AIb.any9 NKW-ALKANY, Tuesday, July 3,1860.A fire this afternoon destroyed the Baptist Church and several stables and dwellings.Boston Weekly ESanK Statement. BOSTON, Wednesday^' July 3,1860.published another decree by which the King of Den- murk was strictly forbidden t o promulgate any new, laws contrary to its own resolution of February 11, andtoalteranythinginthestatusquobeforethe settlement of the constitutional question. On March 26, 1858, the Danish King lodged at thoand stones in the course of the fight. A spect^cor, whose name w e could n o t ascertain, was shot in the leg, but not dangerously. One of tbe firemen was takenfromundertheoverturnedengineandsent home. He was badly hurt. *FIRE. IN -COMMERCE STREET,paid for carrying the mails to Califo-niaMbrtenyears, endir.g on th e 1st of October, 1851):Ter annum. Kevr-YoTk, Havana. New-Orleam, and Aupinwall line... &Zi}",<Mi)Ind.Panama and A fctoria lijie AdoiheI»tbi:m*tr^impor.a'lor.,»*y« |i • jfJ7,3H2,5O084{,«J0100,000 Arkansas, Misnou'i, Tennenrve, California, andOregon,whoGerman Diet a declaration to the effect thatho About7o'clock last night, a'fire broke outintheTotal fox ten y«»r»The compensation under thetemporary contractwith Cornelius Vanderbil', lor nm e months' ser-vice, from t h e 1 s t o f Qc»ober, 1859, t o t h e 30th( hairmau State*.o fthe DemocraticSh-teCommitteeo f eacho fsaidw a s willing t o conform t o t h e resolution o f F e b --ruary 25, but'reserved to himself to decide whatadministrative innovations he might introducedwellinc-house, No. 17 Commerce street, occupied b v A. J . Bailey, and before the firemen could extinguish the iUnies, the roof and attic were destroyed. T h e fire was caused b y a little boy, who was playing in theOf June, 1W>0, w a s i s f»ll «ws:Sttarnxhip nerv-ir© from New-York to Co'.iforjiia, ex>.'•«.. «•</f the i«thn»a#iService ifirom NewOrleana to AKpinwaU"Add IfctliiiniM i*»-; vice for oinc mosUoiAUdrtinoouti>*udtotpr*-viou«tt^uyears'oervict-. T(/tal f>>T ten year* a»d nine ujoiithsl©37.5ft0 150,000The Democratic t>»nte Kxecutiye Commirtee of New- Jersey held a meefcirg at Jersey City yesterday after- noon, and voted toiesoc a <»ill tor a State Cooveution,Specie . t . . .Due from other V uks6,059,000 Circulation.... 7,02a,(KWTheJacksonDemocratic Assoeiati-mofthisandthemonarchy,andsecondly,that1Apercentenmpaigb otganizatioo, or<.k- up last night after a stormy meeting a n d nn animated struggle betweenWe«t Newton, Mass.; and James Cruik.shank, Albany, New-York. . •"Untitled Document•'•- •'•..'••• .£.;. Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'•budget"upon Holstoiu.The -GermanDiet fied, and with anautograph letter tothe President: rom^wmuxju....... ,..,.. . ««&This rapture IVon-Arrivaloftne Persia. fcitato. [Appbuuc] and.iamyopinion,thepeoploofPcnn-igjmbolizesthefateoftheShamDemocracythrough-. SANDYHOOK,Wednesday.July3,1860—11p.m.'.-•' • • - : .M: • • • # • : .. I. - ' • K'i.sxv.--*'********</•'. fWS:i.mi\\constitutionallyatidbeie6ceot»'yemployitselfin«'developing the great mat4-riilresources ofthe {« coastry V The idea is certainly notnovel; butwehave been listeningtoand Trading afterMr.Doufc'a* for the la>-t twenty years, and cannot re-member ev«r hav ng heard it, or an thinjj like it,enunciatedby,kimuoti!tb;syearofgraceI860,and in the pr-senc« of*Per ns}1f^ni\ audience."We have a very d'stinct and positive recollection ard will mateiivlly recompense the other loss.The friends Of Douglas and Johnson held a ratifica- tion meeting last night, -which w a s well attended. SpeechesweremadebytheHon.B.W.Johnson,late DemocraticcandidateforCongress,andothers.Hotel.ofthe StephanieBuder,wherehetookuphis. residence, huzzaing outrageously on his several ex- hibitionsbeforethepublic,although their criesofVive VEmpercitr were regularly drownedintheand especially to financial matters, should a l p bo laid before the Estates o f Holstein a n d Laufcjnburg fortheirconsent. ThisfederaldecreeofMafch6, 1860,windsupwith thedistinctdeclarationitbatBesides,' he has theprinting of 300,000 copies of Congress, thedevelopment ofthe material resoarces the Agricultural report, which fairly belonged toP5° to 102° in the sbade. Heavy Bhowers have oc- curredinthevicinity during thelast fewweeks,but some of the interior counties are still suffering from drouth.From Denver City.• ST. JosEm, Tuesday, July 3,1860.Denver City advices to the 22d arereceived.in the Emperor's suite, somewhat' softened theappointed to that purpose was even ordered Mkeep effect produced by the appearanceof thehero wi'oh his forces -ready forsuch a case. Well, the ffioisn the eyes ofthe owl and the nose of the parrot, Government,.^ said to have meanwhuj||con- who, true to his mimic mission, had donned the his- cluded a secret treaty with France, ngfi"|only torical gray coat. His private conversation with withdrew its o w n proposal for a meeting tbe Prince Regent lasted only forty-five minutes; of delegates, but; by a law passed oh May 15J1860,that every effort to impel, tbrougn the actionof©f Pennsylvania and her sisters in like condition, has been met bv tbemr-st decide-1, persis^eot, nnvarymj oppositionfromMr.Douglas. Woat,then,isthe meaning of th>s novel demonstration ? Is it sap-posed that the Kane letter swindle canbe re- peated ?Ford.'The funniest aspect of the present exhilaratingcanvass istheconceih fr^m day today evinced byonr old Clay Whig friends who have recentlyturned th4-ir coat* for th e distracted, demoralizedcondition of the Democratic party. If the suffer-ing invalid can manage to open its eyes so as tosee the Kegiment of Sangrados now clustered atits of the audience was composed of spectators col-treasury of the Duchies well filled, thought fit to '< [li e unconscious of having done anything to deservea!cante(Iany *'crowsparchedonitsstiffeningframejustasthe 5OJ» to-sgottotaalation of the Federal laws, is.knowri to be goaded byiI naturally took a deep interest in having this inj-• gtnious charge rebuked, and therefore you will not b e Ifarpristd that I felt a great respect for the stalwart 'lonth, vebo, on tbe assurance of a great, nation that h e ehould have "f«jr-pl»y," went 3.000 miles, almosjt«n for hi* nppre-fr Kiv«i DoU«a if Jtnat I gpt'Mm o r|6r>PEil,.M. D. to.thinf *bont Uricflii. TTtURUXE, [in the P.iJf., is place" w e | to inform o u r usethaten- [>.; that -nonelor in this e s - / " lateverof the loiored, nor of [ofage. Ifwe|)!et theDr. that gentle- iam, under the rant,andun-akessomany |xoinventso lany scars—a-question those scars^ irgiealmo-ittleton'a right The Boy, w e raw, and if he ild shoot hiin- >risit very by any ofhis satkm of that m ais class of t .South. Ifh<hanic, o n e ould think h e >u»intention- rer doon theailscar." I« "r the charge '1 t of a lodg-•ome, other eu'to make a>. there are• That they %Supposition. Making walk,'* ' known t o b e :: Hut if the M buck-shot opound tons ooting. H e r e \. > ha» brought.»here a n d a-* crippled;heard beforescarred over j an**of which,*itisra-i**. 1f)•{'•-,SOixeept it be of; liprpi jCooper *hall »m L i t . ' B u t > the Doctor's do not permit t« ihe woundst Boy has had }>HMof some any kind of a d him in good t t o t h e BlackvV fall in with »d<juartorHof are law-abid- dienee tothe brought home tifLittleton*>l"r. M . !>., chance* of nil be, in that *>omepreten- camread and piishment t omaelfhasno. harantee that o'l might not, up the if. D . ijuatiee,with aid band over m iabor. N o t >w w e think ineh behavior i••coundrein."JK o r a c u l a r l y L r«*nade speechI'wmrviMon of! i-«,I*boundto|ri-a.IAppUuae.); * ithla ii.T o«ra; •»» look at tunccoffee and cakC'taloons in the basemeut.In a moment thereafter Hall made his appejarkneewith his hands badly cut, and screaming fir||j|Tuefiremen soon arrived, a n d with a copious straply o f*'breath isleaving itsbody? If itwere possible, *' forit to vanquish thedisease, how could it hope*' t o w i t h s t a n d t h e d o c t o r s ? "The Journal of Commerce says that " the Repub- 44 licans pronoance unprincipled and dishonest" t h e.- Vincoherent factions should confederate themselvesagainst a common enemy, p-ovided t h e alliance b emade on equitable terms. There, however, is a triu'iuph of the .principles which they declared. Thea'sothecoffeeardcake salonofOliverHitchcockin3jI 1\4ij 8'?difficulty. There is reasoD to fear that some one of thethree patties might overreach the others iaeneb'a fccaicity ofprdvibions and forage in thatcoun- r'i ., m rhis exciting international dispute gave sat'sfactioa w>the bargain.we hope r o tnfles m ay prevent its consummation. Lettheweak factions nowwarriogoneachother unite,jf^theycan,andturn alltheirarmsagainst thegreatRepublicanparty. Thenweshallhave a flgfct anda victory th.»t Will be memorable in po- litical anna's forever.However, if t h e thiwg c a n b e done,Troops from Utah ar*. expected about the last ofJuly. Fe;:rs are entertained that when they arrive the respective quota imposed o n the different coun-. •'...'•jthe two wingsfor axcendency.TEE CONFERENCE^.,vi,',- .• / * FrraOar Own Correspondent.4X' • "at this©pportuniBANQUETNo progress has bt^en made with the publication —This" passage pr«»*okes the inquiry—•When of thedocuments ordered bytho House, in conse-[Election in Leaven^vortla. LEAVKNWORTH.Tuesday,July3,1860.i '.'.BERLIN, June 18,18p*0. ;Just before Louis Bonaparte's arrival a t Baden- being fulfilled. However, tho Diet dcclaredjsip'd-Slaveiy or Asti-Sl<re»y uj.on the people." (AppUoae.)1Sv••*r,' ••'...'•.'•:'.tempted till near 9 o'clock.thmia<-ru was manifested, aod thenames of Doug- las and Johrson were anscvered with a feeble e x - pression of applauee froin a few individuals. MostAn enthnsinstic .meeting of Democrats of this citywas held this evening at National Hall, ranfying thenomioation's of Douglas and Johnson at B;ib.imore.John C . Palmer was Chairman, and Wm. A . Richard-son of Illinois, and M. R .. W^st, esq., one of the Con-necticut delegates to the National Convention, made ago raised the general indignation of Germany by eloquent and strorg speeches, which were loudly ap-plauded. Strong non-intervention resolutions wereI.-l|! What yon pra5«e BO highly was, b u t the nUurar rpnlse cf an A merican mind, and it afforded mo more )e8snre to perform it, than it could poasiblv confer -.bedside—Wise, Bntler King, Cashing, Toombs, lected by cuti>sity, and a large proportion of boys. pat<i?ed, and tho platformand nominees enthusiasticallyslating that Hanover would sooner go oyer to France'than yield t o Prussian supremacy.ing its powers'or realizing its threats. ||n tb e Schleswig case the question is somewhat oMcJured by international complications. In this Hilstein case-the question regards only t h e rights ;0f'the German Confederation over its own members.ofeetenbystepasfproce*dtd, andconsequentlyam1 imposed t o look upon this demonstration a s a n excess5 ;yond my merits. |' * ^ ,I wet ttoEngland in.FcbTuqry}Mt,partlyin conces-ion to the.demaud« of buriress and partlv for a special .xtyose: aho it was my good /orr-ane to be there darft g the pendency of an event which involved tbe quesi-ilrm of the relative physical superiority of tbe twxkAleclk Stephens, Jos»ah Eandall, Humphrey Mar- shall, L . E. parsons, & .c, &c—it must surely 5magtoe that hallucination has been added to the long list of its maladies. " What vnll the countrj- **do,nowthat theNationalDemocracy isbroken "'up? V is the burden of their rueful strain. A morepertinentinquiry*wouldseemtobe, "What *4 will t h e Democracy d o with such a flock o fJudge Meek a n d other Breckinridge leaders were;indorsed. . 9 CONTRADICTORY ACCOUNT;The real business ofthe Baden-Baden conference will not commence.,before next week, when theW ASHINGTON, Tuesday, July 3, 1860.It xca8.enat.ted daring the late session of Congress, that HV purchases and contracts whftn t h e pnblic exi- gencies do not require a n imrnediate delivery o f the a r - ticles, shall be made hy advertising for proposals re-specting (.hern. No contract orpurchase is hereafter to he n«ade unless the same b e authorized by law o r un- der an appropria'ion adequate to its fulfillment, exjepr, inile War and Navy Department, J'or clothing, suu- si^t»nce. forage, ftn1, qnrtrters, or transportation;•which, however, shall not exceed the necessiiiet* of the currrnt year. N o army nor military sullies what- ever, which are of a patented invention, shall be pur- chased; nor the right of. using o r applying a n y pat- ented invention, nn ess the same bo authorized by law, and the appropriation therefor explicitly set forth.proposal t o combine t h e parties o f Bell, Breckin"ridge, Douglas, and Houston ia support of unitedelectoral tickets. W e are notaware what Repub-licans have expressed such a judgment; b u t a t anyratewearenotabletoagpeeinit. Weseenoth-ing distfonest in an arrangement by which these merous transparencies, &c. Ke'bolut'ons indorsing theCu»cini.ati Pi^form and non-intervention were passed. G. W . Creut o f Virgir.i-i and others delivered speeches in farnest advocaey.yf the nooiioees, and predicting t!hepori Douglas,.and that the Douglas wing refuse any dent of the Federal military commission, are toANOTHER DISGRACEFUL F1GH'A GENERAL MELEE—SIX MEN SHOT.Shortly after 10 o'clock last nigbt a fire occW|. Mait Gooderson'8 porter-houee, No. 9 Chatha^J|iin coneequence of tb e carelessness of John Hall, the bar-keejer, in handling a light while engaged ia'Jdraw- ing some liquor from a.caek i n t h e »ine-celler„ T h e liquor instantly ignited, a n d a heavy explosion fol- lowed, startUng the persons in the bar-room andjih thepresent. T h e Republican ratification ten times a* large a n d enthusiastic,t o the Ajwooiated f*<esa. ,here w a sAnother dispatch, from a Republican source, pro- ministers of most of th e German States, together nouncesthemeetingafailureinpoint,ofnumbersjsay- withGen.vonEzikowski, the first military com- ing there were not over two hundred present; that the missioner o f Austria a t Frankfort, arid t h e presi- \*rg? majority of the party leaders yet refuse to sup-' r-featest raCea of the earth. England" had always •a'med preeminence in this respeit over a'l the na-iona > •; commental Euroj-e; and iu ab-euce of any response.'; om this side of the Atlantic t o h e r established chal- • nge. she declan d through h e r hading Journals that ! |.e people 6f the Tlni'ed State« wc -e infenor in strengthh ^d stin ina to the British rnce; and that even ottr very • ornate «aus<-d a physical deterioration which should oe- tlwariing to the en.igrant notto make this country theThe JacK-ou D^a-ocratic Association, o f 2 0 years' standing and which h a t exercised much politic J influ- ence, wc8 la*t night totally disrupted b y disagreements on ihe Presidential question.equalized the law of succecsion to the throne forthe kingdom and tho German Duchies, b u t created,under th e name of th e Imperial Council (Reichs-rath), a "sort of general legislature for the common wine cellar. Mr. Ucell hearing the alarm, aad per-^joitl-y OJ tl(eif »tt-nnoo, is never unworthy of a, writer's ltOth'e, and I think it mcch more creditable lor a jounialist, who appropriates the triumphs of a ,1 liimhle perfcon; to sp*ak of his courage and. good con-A ' usbc oieettng to ratify the nomination of Doug'as t.ndJohnsontookpluieto-nightinfrontofthoCity lial). The s ai'd ^as beantifiiily illuminated with nu-'affairs of the whole monarchy. Together with this ceiving the liquor flowing into his place, inBtaatly ex-wholeStateConstitution,therewe:eoctroyednew. tiiiguifhedhislights,andwihhiswaiters,hastenedto dintwithrespect,ratherthanattempttobuildupa-I roc edingf were continued till a late hour.Thefriend^ ofBrechenridgedtsignholding.aratifi-cation meeting next week.Messrs. Pbtpp &. Solomons of Washington havebeen awarded the contract for supplying the Treasury Depaitments and Bureaus with stationery.National5>emocratieComianittee.are almost entirely .destroyed. There has never been quota which each part of th e whole monarchy hadtopay,notforitsownadministration, butintothe common exchequer. • T h e "normal" budget of 1855 was promulgated on the express condition thatwill'amount to about $500. Hitchcock and Udell each sustained about $100 damage on their stocks. :f|ij'Duringthefire, hostilitieswere renewed between Engine Companies NOB. 21 and 13, directly in frOjht ofVoorbeesHouseinthis.cityat11o'clockthis'morning, JohnA.Green,jr.,idthechair,andMathewMcMahm Secre*ary.anir^d the wagons closely, hot aa the mail partywaswellarmed,andsevenmnumber,noattackwasmode.- Thetroops?rom Pawoei--ForkthatwentinTherevenuesfromthepublicdomainsoftheDuchies,althoughbya,notification,datedJanuary28,1852;partyisnot,known. OfficerPolle<manofthefFdjirth Precinctbeingtheonlypolijemanonhand,rushedintoilies'i'on.bft'left.open,aprejudicewould growupbo- wc-en England andthiscountrywhich wouldbe lestmctive to tbe businesses and prospects of mndredsofworthypeople,suchasactorsand iitiets,whowere"outsideofthediapnte,and. •• .'.•••.'••awpn'&?.•••••:mi ®effect.as that, butseme pretended ambguity maybefound toimpairthebenefit oftherealreforminthis notorious source of corruption, as Mr. Bow- and isnow recedhg slowly.T h e law contemplated no such operationmanisoneofthegufterers,though.theExecutive prioting which h e does pays a n enormous profit,hisses of the German spectators. The repulsively any disobedience on the part of the Danish Govern- ment would this time b e directly punished waSH t h eTHE DOUGLAS MEETING.on aL his other interviews with tbe Hohenzollem h ethrough the Danieh Imperial Council, and nejprlaidTheDouglasmeetingto-nightiathemostde-cided a n d mortify-<ng failure ever witnessed here;somuch soasto attract thesympathy ofbis opporneuls. Messrs. Reverdy Johnson, Push, Brant, cinders, and sometimes hiding the snn for hours.«»Ratification Meetings. . HABTKOHD. Tuesday, July 3,1860.and others were announced to speak, butafter tho Marine Band h»d played for an hour, there were sofewputheground that no ovgariijcatioa wasat-given the signal for the issue of About's pamphlet, the title page of which had, however, to be altered from "Napoleon III. et la Prusse," into " L a Prusse e n 1860." Before leaving Baden-Baden, h e conveyed to the King of Hanover the grand cross of the Legion of Honor, a significant actj since Bor- ries, the Hanoverian iCirister, had only some weeksfications of Copenhagen, and, finding the provincial < m e of tb?sles'jmOnial. Re dly,.however, your great c r.dnets has taken me entirely b y surprise, and I atnNot a particle of en-coalition with.the,Breckinridge wing.•. KANSAS CITY, MO., Monday, July 2,1860.join tho Prince Regent. T h o main questions t o b e decided turn upon theorganization of the GermanrlW ,3H?l3WF"f,J1i:^!•;••- ..•'.#:' «a f,1 w^»«.-fr.^si^-*'r'vv*'^-. ,-»»<rfVi^^*.-'*..., bVOfvW**»**«%»••18&&' '•NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, JtJEY 4, I860.An election wfi.sheld.in Leavenworth Coun'.vvet>ter- Baden, the little town was flooded with Frenchtaneouslythisnewrespitetobegiven,toDempaarkdav,ontheissuingof-bondstotheamountof"$150,000 mouchards, pobccmco,andgensdannes, masquer- ontheexpressunderstandingonly,that,.''durjytbe^idMr.Douglasfir?tdiscoverthatCongressmight quence of thereduction of 40percent,onthe totheLeavenworthandCameronRailroadCompany. adedintoartistsanddandies. From therailway: iiterim,andbeforetheconstitutionalsettlemiat,all <|fTudgeW.W.Phillipsprefided. £)ubisrightwere:Ij!; • ' - ;mpricesofprinting,andthequestionb<ingreferred,Ihereturnsindicatealargemajorityforthesubscrip- projectsoflawpresentedtotheImperialCwpcil, totheAttorney-Generalastoitsretro-active tion... •'..:.• . :..:,.,•'•.-.. '.;' ,•..,'stationwherehealighted,theyfollowedhimtotherelatingtoihecommonaffairsofthewholejlBtate,The-river avtbis point has "fallen about three feet,Theweather5»very^afm.themercuryranppngfromvulgarphysiognomiesofGeneralsFleuryandFailly militaryexecutionintheDuchies.TheCon||&|tteeJ. B. Card, from Quincyj 111, was stabbed by FrederickHadleyfromAtchison.Kansas,,ontheeven- ing of the 21ft, about, twelve miles east of Denver.before the Estates of the Duchies, imposo|,[ai new had'simultaneouslytoencounterthewholelotoffinancialbudgetfor3860-61. ByvirtueofBf/tbe little German potentates, so that there w a s hardly Holstein contribution tertbe whole StateEx&iquor an opportunity offered for tho transaction o f serious is t o b e raised from 756,193 rix'doUars t o '9SB 880,Mr. CHAIRMAN AKD G-KNTLEMKN: I feeldeeplv sen- ffljJe ofthe great compliment confe red upon me by the a few. days past, filling the atmosphere with smoke aod business. Before his departure from Paris h e h a d Denmark wants money for the new maritiuMforti i: esence of this audience, and also by the presentationAn extensive hre has been rngb>g in the'prairies forAn immense Douglas and Johnson ratification meet- Federal a? my and steps t o b e taken against Den-ing and torchlight procest-ion was held here last night.Salutes were fired, bonfires blazed throughout the city,and public buildings were illuminated and decorated France and Russia.- In order to explain the pres- wiili flags and transparencies. I t was the largest p o - ent Northern crisis, i t will b e necessary t o surveylitical meeting ever assembled in Western Missouri. briefly the different phases which th e last conflict Si etches w«-re n ade b} Cd.' Claiborne, T. Van Horn, between Denmark and the German Diet h a s r u n'• Anne of bi» posterity. •, . . | :editor of The Journal Payne, and others.Oh October2, 1855, a s y o u will remember, t h e King of Denmark octroyed a whole-State Constitu- purpose of indorsing Bell and Everett, is n o w being tion (Gcsamlstaats vcrfussnng), which n o t only. | j-of Commerce,ex-Mayorthrough.t fioie, to confront, on thsques'ioo. the mo*t formidable c bampion that could be f^und. Millions shared this inr t:jefet with me, a n d ' I therefore have n o apology t o iiakefortbecoursewhich Ipuitued, andnoexcuset£ (fitr. for the prominence I g»ve it in m y journal. TLOUISVILLE, Ky.. Tuesday. July 3,1860.A large and enthusiast'n-'Ratificatiou meeting, for theheld here. .A meriting of the Harden County Democracy a tElizaberhtown, to-day, indorsed Douglas and Johnson, and denounced the secedere. A meeting of the Can- field County Democrats did the same, yesterday.Tne Santa Fe Mail. iNOKr-KNOKNCK, Tuesday, July3.waier, succeeded in extinguishing the flames. J|ft! por-tion-of the liquor from the cask that "exploded, ran > ] ive alvrays found that, whatever thjg pccpie c^ncid«rfor Scbieswig, andforthe German Duchies-of-Hoi- The Santa F6 mails with dates to the 18th ult., ar- stein and Lauenburg (provincial constitutions inthe street. His shop was deluged with water}:as wasrived to-day, maVing:the regular schedule time. N orain hat- fallen in N* w-Mexico this year, and the cropsunison with the whole State Constitution), and a so- called "normal financial budget," determining thepdeed, I nm cmbarrasp^d to decide how little I shoulday on an occasioi like this, to escape the charge qfgctitm, bur there is one thing which I must say, and. ;io my countrymen, I am ten times.overpaid for all m y theHallofRecords,theattackbeingmade,asisal- <fforts,aDdmorethancompensatedfurthefeudswhichleged, by 21 's men. The fight was of a most despqrate nature,andinthemeleeEngineNo.13waaupset-iand herworksbadlydamaged T.umpets,pipes,wreaChes,'ences of opinion; and on this subject, I deeiro to s a y biickbats,andothermissil-swerefreelyusja]and1letJwascontrolledtoagreatextenttowardanamt-"ovtr a .dozen pistol-shcs were fired, butby which •isiblesettlement by the conrir'e'ation that, should the .-'tvasatpresent. Coraisselling at.almostanyprice asked.i}gtsthis,thatifwhatIdidabroadinthesettlementth* v will almr-si; create a- famine. tries should never b e augmented without t h e sanc- TheNavajoIndiansarebecomingiuEolent, and un- tionofthepopularestates. Inintroducingthenewwssiorced on Several occasions to provoke. InJegsudtothemanner inwhichthedisputewaalesstheyarechastised bythetroopswillsoonmake a fora> upon the t ettl-ment. But few Indians were seenfinancial lawof3855,theCentral GovernmenthadexhaustedallitsingenuityforoverchargingtheGer- The.National",Democratic Committee ihet at the on the road, some of whom were Kiawas; they ex- man Duchies to the profit of the Danish kingdom.!SiRACU3E,;Tuesday,July3,1860.pursuit of tome Indians had not yet returned. A ru- they had been acknowledged to belong to the Provin-AlltoemembersoftheCommitteeexceptthosefrom moratPawneeForkoftheir*havingbeencaught cialAdministration,weremadeovertothecommon thecrowdandattemptedtoseparatetheeombatahts.THELATESTNEWS.theFirstaodFourthDistrictswerepresent. lucks'confirmation. • exchequer. Aconsiderable.numberofdirecttaxes Out;oftiefiremenstrackijheofficeroverthCjshoul-ASubCommittee,consistingoftheHon.GideonJ. Mr.Claiho^ne,oneofthedelegatestotheCharles- whichhadalwaysformedanexclusiveresourceof derwithapike,nearlymaiminghim.FeUennapat-j^ibowouldrotbeabletoresume-tbeir inter*RJECEIVED B YMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.FromWashington.Sj>«cfel Ditpatch to The N . Y . Tribune.• WASHINGTON, Tuesday,July3,I860.THE CALIFORNIA MAILS.The Fost-Ofrxce Department w-eiaformed by a telegram iiom Mr. D«vi<ige this morning that the mails bad n o t been taken b> the California steamer y>sterday.Itisproperthepublicshouldunder- standthefacts ofthiseu>e. OnSaturdaymorn- ing the PostmasterGt-U'-ral tel-graphed Mr. Vao- derbilt, asking whether be would take the mails under thete:ms of the pres-nt law—that is,forTucker, Wm.G- Sand?, and Harry Wilbur,-reported ton i'nd Baltimore Conventions yesterday made aiWonal comities for jears. I communicated t h » the provincial treasury, were, moreover, on false tempted to arre3t the man', but was unable to do so. ^iewto tie Editor of Bell's Life, and, conceding toitsa series of resolutions, which were unanimously adopt- ed.ThefollowingcaiiforaStateConventionwasunan- imously agTeed upon:Tbe National Democracy'oftheStateofKcVv-Yorkwhosup- portthei)oii)inutioi>8ofJohnC.Breckinridgeof'Kentuckyfor- l'r. t-ident and Joseph Lane of Oregon for Vioe-rre»-idont arere que»ted to choose one del*gate io cuDh."Assembly District, to rep- r»-8fut th«-m in a S'ate Convention, to be held la the C'ty of Syr- acuse,onTuesday,the'thofAugust,1860,r.t12o'clocknoon, f< r the purpose of nominating thirty-five candidates for the oiKces of Presidential Electors pledged to vote for SreckinrLdge and Lane a n d also candidat«-8 for Oovernor, Lteutonunt-Govornor, and Inspector of State Prisons.By older of the National Democratic State Committee. (Signed). JOHN A . GREEN, jr., Chairman..MATIIHW MCMAUOX, Secrctiiiy'-Alarge.BreckinridgeandLa^.ebannerwasBUS*insurance.Messrs:Smithsustainedalossbywaterofnoimalbudget,itsImperialCouncil,anditsnew-riotousfiremenhadthingstheirownway.for)tenorponded iron) the Voorhet s House duriig the session o the Committee a n d guns were fir*d on the announce . nient < f ihe call for the State Convention.$1,000; insured in the'Atlantic, Astor,and Commercial Companies of New-Y ork.fangled provincial charters, raised an immense out- cry throughout the Duchies. B y t l 3 rnew l a w o f succession to the throne they found t' emsclyes sepa- rated from Germany and bound over to the desti- niesofDenmark. Bytheinstitution oftheImpe- rial Council (Reichsrath)'; in which they could never fancy to sway but a sina?! minority of votes, they would, in-point of fact, forfeit their national inde- pendence,andbecomesubjectedtothedictatesof a Danish Legislature.' B y t h e normal budget, a t>|ustnotenteriurodetaUs;buttherei«»onedutywh'oh" jmust connect with this occasion, and that i«, to e x - luess my giateful eeute o f tbe ^nbounded hospitality 4hich was lavished upon me a s a n Am'ericau jour-•ab'sftI luring my entire stey in England; and also recogoire>< if tl e6« exan-plt-8 was The London Times, that great .(juinal, which rivals even the Government iwelf, andoffice «f PrraMeiit of the United States, and J"sej.h L^ne i s ouronly true und reguhn candidate forth« oriiic« o f Vi ,.ti-Presid^nt. 1a id that tliis S t a f Committee tfoes b*rfby approve; i :dorao a n d r..ti y thvse nominaticns,i.nd will sustain them inthe.coming cam- paignGrf at enthusiasm prevails among the .Breckinridge and L--ne men.The mcmberK of the Committee represented that a sr <ngie>buginfavor of Breckinridge andL:meex- isted ati-<u-g trie l.)emo<ra(v in their several districts.The follow ing are tlie reroiniions: .Krtolv'd. That the Notional and Constitutional Democrats of the State of Nev.-Yori hav<;witnessed wiili feelings of deep re-of thst Convimion, and the sooession of .most o f the Democratic S»ate^theiei'oni. resulted from and are direfldy traced to the Ui'srepreseBtotion <>f the sentiment* and preferences o f tho Dem- ocr.iln ^nss'^es o f the Statu b v the votes given by the majority o f th» dih?(.tiOii which was admitted »o sit in that Conven ion. and that w e cannot recognize m tliejnominutiona made hy tho s o - calleO Convention at Baltimore, presided over b y Mr. 'I odd a n y ol the frvid^nces of reRiilnrity and ne-.p^ whicr? would render its action binding upon us an DemocraJa tticd party men.Heiclvrd, lli-t tl.e thftii^s ofthe tni'.- Demosrucy of Ds*iw-York are d\.v and are Leiebv tendered to those representatives of V'ir: jir-i'i, North Carolina", Georgia, Alabama, Mis>i«slppJ, Texap,ward hauled th e bodies 30 miles to the place where they were found..Wew. Counterfeits.BOSTON, Tuesday, July 3,1860.had repeatedly, but vainly, appealed to the German Confederation, when t h e latter resolved a t last t o interfere. Here it ought to be recollected that the King of Denmark in his quality as Duke ofHol- stein and Lauenburg, is a meirber of th e German Confederation, and bound to obey the resolutions ofaboutthe body. • 1. | . JAMES MCCULLOCH, arm broken, bad scalp wound. The above are members'of No. 21. , j . |fjurents onme;hut gentlemen, I have lived long I iidngh.to know that that character is a very poor ooe ' vhich cannot withstand the abuse o f t h e maligoanfc,Ncw-.S'cK'sev Poliiles.. N-KiVAiut', Taesday, duly 3, .1860.for the pnst week:LoaiiHand Discounts tll,l"2,"0(.' Deposit*20,K28,7<tO 0,!)25,0fi0the German Diet, on May 20, 1858, passed another resolution rejecting t h e interpretation p u t b y t h e King on th e decree of February 2 5 , interdicting again any change, administrative or legislative, to the prejudice of the Duchies, and: holding 'out the menace of a military federal execution to take place in HoMein. if the Diet should become informed of anyinfringement of its former resolutions. Onaod water, §200. No iusurauce. The building;, owned by Lomsa Morgan, w a s damaged to the amdtujit. of $#50. Said to be insured. , -,|;BONFIRE. |;.iThe alarm in the Second District last nighf;, caused by a bonfire, corner of Forty ninth sireef and Broadway. '/,{.FIRE IN MINETTA STREET.Aslight fire occurred inthe roofofa dwejSjhgin Minetta street, near Bleecker^ last night. -BdjMittle damage was done.FALSE ALARM.T h e a l a r m i n t h e S e v e n t h D i s t r i c t , a t 8 o ' c l o c k l i s t. $1*7,500 to he held a* Trenton 25th of July, to nominate an 75,000EJectOTal ticket. •The Comndwee recom-mond that the ticket be com-Weatlter Ifccport...was 1 The CHAIRMAN proposedf1heHealth tf Mictmel Phclan—The BilliardChampionofthe.. 7.3S2.500..$7,6t5,00() he support* d b y tbe "friends of each candidate, a n dST. Jong's, N. F ., July 3.—Wind N . W . ; weather clculy. Tlierniornetf-r (10°.CAPE RACE, July 0 —Warm.worid.Mr. PHEI AN said that he thdught Mr. Wilkes had made full tsgoodafightwithhispenandtongueas Mr. Heenan with bis fins. (Cheering.]Col. SKLOVKR of California, in a few words, called, jjorththehearty applauseoftheaw»emblage,byanal- J u h i o n t o t h - ^ m a n w h o m G e o . W i l k e s l o v e d «so w e l l ,re pecii'velv bended " Douglas ticket" and -'Breckin- Thtselarge subsidiesmighthaveprompted libe-* ridgeticket" Ifthis issneccssful, theticket having r a l m e o t o c a r r y t h e m a i l * f o r a f e w m o n t h s , e v e n t h e m a j o r i t y i s t o r e c e i v e , t h e E l e c t o r a l v o t e ; o f t h elearn that the celebrated Madame L»la Montez, Count-e s s o f L a n d f - f e l d t , l a y a t t h e p o i n t o f d e a t h , a n d w a sfurther, by the actual appointment of a committee fordispatchingfederaltroopstoHoLsteinandLauen- burg, o r ca'rrying o u t " t h e military execution," a spOi-e'doffonrDonglaB nndthreeBrcckinriigemen.tomark, who,-in her course of open and spiteful vio-and separate constitutions for Denmark "proper,ia'8e reputation for morality by .Overwhelming hirn 'yfth abufive teinas.1Gentlemen,itienotformetoenter intothedetails the basement of No. 9. Thelossof Matt, Go^rlersou. < 'I the contest to which our attention has been drawn.speech in favor of Douglas, which was well received, anrl at'times enthuf-niHticidly cheered. uTheweatheri«stillopp,-essively"hotanddry.FireattneSingSing-Prison.-payable according to that standard. Thus, apart panions^ . | .. . . ' ,' Ithe cabinet, workshop of Charles H . Woodruff, in the from the revenues derived irom the.,domains, and Sergeant Petty of the Second Ward picked up on Prison. The engines • were brought into .requisition, of direct taxes arbitrarily classed under that rubric, the railroad track the end of a dumb-bell, weighing athut before the fhunes were checked the entire building the Duchy of HoJstein was alone.to contribute'the least two pounds. It had ev?dent'y been used by the was in nuns. The boot and shoe shop was with difli- sum of 756,393 lix-dollars for the common expenses firemen, and had been accidentally dropped in]the cql-y taved. Loss to C. IL Woodruff $60,000; insur- of the entire, monarchy. trielce. .' - . . .. '•":> ance $40,000, in. some twenty different 'Companies JuSING SING, Tuesday, July 3 , 1860.. A t 5 o'clock this mornimr. a (ire was discovered inThis is the thir-' time Mr. Woodruff .has been burned out since 1854. The weather w a s calm, o r the entirefifteen minutes. Upon the arrival of platoons from the Sixth, Fourth, and Second Wards, the rioters vere soon put t o flight, and the etreel cleared. : jkjRcmors were in circulation about the neighborhohdthat a large number of persons were shot, and; on th e ': i|g mo access to their columns. The most compicuoos .•'Vetolved, That, though thu^i aggrioved and injured, the Nation-al Dcirocriitu of New-\ork havn not altered, and will novet.'alterintl.eratt-ichnicnttotherrinciplesofourparty,whichnowrong Prisonwouldhavebeendestroyed.-or out;age can deter them from supporting a n d advocating, and•which thV.y have never hesitated to dfc'are and sustain in darkerdi-yx than this:.that, standing now, aa always, in iirm resistanceto Northern fanaticism and to tho social war aro wag-d npouSouth* ra tights and Southern institutions, we are not surprised ord;na:pointed to hud thv builders of the Buffalo Platform, thetaaitois who rir-;t oiganizvd a Noitdem Democracy in l!!4", underthe leadership oi Van Buren and Ad"ins. now active and P;re- m ur Batavia, Jefferson Co., Iowa. Their murder wasn oktui-8'urtainiEg.a Presidential candidatewho is repudiatedas supposed to have been committed by a man named last, they were unfairly taxed for swelling the ma- >iartin Van Biiion had been repudiated twelve years ago by theSouthern Deu.ocrucy; with ihanks the generosity of the English pres« in giv-Thebodiesofawoman named Willisandtwo children were.found horribly mutilated .last Saturday,application of ourreporter atthe Hospitalhe learned that the report was correct. The following individ- uals were found a t the Hospital, undergoing surgical, operations for the removal Of ehot and bullets. ;|1Jonw RYAN, gun-thot wound in the thighDKNNIS RY AN, gun-shot wound in the thigh, and scalpwound severe. : ITtihicn, thoogh thoroughly English i n it3 sentiments audi- « i with a BritI•rKepbeart. who was pursued and arrested on Suacbyterial resources of their antagonists a t Copenhagen. Theconsequentagitationin the Duchies lastedp Aspect. And now gentlemen le t me again thank y o u ijfor tbe honor yon have done m<\ There will be those irol-ably who will Boeer ar. you foryour liberality, andnigut in Missouri arid brought back. H e confesses tohetvtwd, Thft.werf>rr.griiz^JohnC. BrcInridgeas theonlytiue bud regular candidat • of the National Democracy for the hnvirg con.mitted the murder at Eddyville and after- for more than two years, and their provincial DietsWM. LOOMIS cut, beaten and badly contusedi: |;JAMKS SULLIV AN cut, beaten, a n d badly cphtused,' mi the same lofty spirit will doubtless confer new com-Counterfeit fives on the C&lj^mouwealth Bank ofPhiladelphia are in circulation in this city. They aresowellexecutedthatbut'fewpersonscandetectthem. theGermanDiet. ByaresolutionofFebruary11,SON and WM. F . CncsE^of No. 13, were,considerably injured and taken to their houses. It is- suppofcediithrft theie were many more injured, hut the above are the only ones known to be. Lookers-on say that the fight on this occasion was commenced by the members ofbroken mab'ce of their enemies.JlVfr. WILKES response was enthusiastically received* IThotosttof theeveningwasthengiven:\?'he Health of the Gutstof the Evening, George Wilka, e*q. |Mr. WILKES returned his tlianks m the fewest\ vords possible,ifJAMES IRVING, efq/ then proposedVirginia S^olities.NORFOLK, Tuesday, July 3,1860.1858 the German Diet declared the whole State Con- stitution of October 2, 1855, to be null and void as far as the German Duchies were concerned—simul- taneously it called upon tho King of Denmark to•No. 13, w h o , in addition to being armed with revol- |I|T*« health of John Q. Ilecnan, the Ouxmpion of the World*The Breckinridge ratification meeting has been post- take immediately such stops a s would restore t h evers, had a barrel of stones on their engine.Several persons saw the men discbarge their re-jl.oud appbiuse.]Mr tEm ER pave^George Wilktt, the Game Cock of the Prest.poned till after the. State Convention.••_: *&- : '.relations between t h e Duchies a n d t h e whole mon-archy to a'state conformable. to tho federal lawsTne Pony Express.The Pony Express from Camp Floyd arrived at 11^volvers shot after shot, in rapid succession, into ihe.j:The CHA? itMAN* pave[Judge WELCH responded, and concluded by propos-Bff{The Pre$sofJScw-York. K| Drank standing. After music, H . J. BRENT, «sq.r Tpponded",introducingCol.LUMSDEKofTheN.t>. fNcoyune, who al*oreKponded. Cap^.TURNER of T«e Wi x. Cour-ttr made a n additional response, jMr.J.HALEY gave(The Health of the Old Chief, Thoma* Hy*^-Who, like o a r miu eugle, oluo bers amid the bnzrof in*ectf, careks* o f what If atitsimj. until touched <>a sonwuoro *pot, when he dapshis wiugn, icr«-am», aDdecatteia them to the wind. 'l-A >i< ni.leu,a.n proposedI The Health of Jamet Curick, the Friend of John CMZeenO*.I Mr. CUSICK responded: Mr. Chairman and gentle- !»en, I am not in tbe habit of making any great speecS- |js, t'ut I hoj e in whatever capacity I.'may be that you Vyill always find m e a true and trustworthy friend o £ Mr. Bet-nan-. [Loud applause.] \ ,The following are the footing of our Bank Statement,•l.»Vl,'v:w^'.• .•>^,:.u..-V.v-/"-J."v-.•*.. ^-•-•.••lf.:.~A<*. ,.,...-.'..;*>..m>If: mTO;GEORGE,WILKES.WSW5*^WP»pretenses, laid claim to by tho wholc-state-chesl;.NotonlywasthestandardmostUnfavorable tothe.Duchies, tbat of population, excepted in there-par- J. O . C . Officer Fellennap had the man under'nrrest, epreeentative of British superiority relinquished thetitiunofthe commontaxes,buttheDuchieswereevenboundto.paytwoper cent beyondthequota hutthe.piisbnerwasrescuedbysomeofhis.com-jeltwhichhehadwornbeforethearrivalorourcham- jjoninEngland,andretiredfr'»mtheringinamanner phicb made a clear admission that o.rr countrymen^-re not less s*out or brave than Briton's, snd that the Jnited States was not a bad place to live in after all- ^ay, n.ore, the British referee, before a British audi-ijn-e, bestowed upon our countryman a silver belt, i n , tcribed with the fact that it was given for the battle *ilh the defender -ofthe English trophy, a n d bearim? >p its face in bold relief, the proud inscription orNtw-Yej-k. Lres to the building (State) $4,000'; no The octroyed whole-state constitution, with it3. Owing to the absence of a sufficient police forccj the j CHAMPION O F ENGLAND." But as I said before, Iby virtue of the now superseded old, pro-lapital Stock. $36,581,700 Duo to other banks. $10,300,000 vincial charter. I n reply to this communication attic with fireworks. Damage to the funntureby firer—At a late hour last evening w e were surprised to August 12, 1858, t h e German Diet went o n e stepwiththecertaintyofultimate.lo*-s.Butwiththe State,exceptthatincasethewholevotewillelectj'Otexpectedtosurvivethenight.OnSaturdaymorn-itiscalledintheofficiallanguage.TueDanishGov-night,wasOccasionedbythe.burningpfatar.barrel,I)avidC.Broderick. )•'<•ei'h< r candidate he i* to have it. This plan appears to ir.g, 6he arose in ber usuyl health, hut soon complained at the foot of Broad street. The companies running ia Ai, lorignal poem was then read, and after music theassurance that Congress would make reasonable meet the sanction ol the most influential Democrats ofernment .thought it now fit apparently to give way. this district were out in full force, sndduriotrjth!* ex- followiig >oa-t'W 8 given:of giddiness and, lying.dawn, was.at once deprived of By royal patent of November 6,.1858, the whole citement incident to the alarm, the membeis of|Eo#me The Great Eustern—\Vt> Ttelcomo her with joy. &* anotherremuneration, there is no excuse for the refusal.' the State.THE PENNSYLVANIA FUSION..Thescheme proposedbytheDemocratic State Committee in Pennsylvania to run an electoral ticket with pledges contingent o n t h e result, is openlyrepudiatedb\thellreckinridgeorganiza- tion here, which distinctly refuses all terms or alliance with the Douglas, faction- That proposi- tion started with Mes.hr*. Bigler, Gilmore and other patriotofthatorder,whoaref>ranycontriv- ance which promises the rem..test hope of success. They have h a d t o abandon it, however, underthreat of being proscribed. •THE DlSTURB/vSCe IN PHILADELPHIA.Thedisturbanceatthe Breckinridgemeetingin Philadelphia last oighr,, and the indignity offored to G e n . L a n e b y t h e D o u g U s r o w d i e s , h a v e i n t e n s i f i e d thehostilitybetweenthedm»ioos,sothatthey denounce each other in the mo>t unmeasured terms.A DEMOCRATIC A>SO<;iATION D1S»ANDED.J"Obituary. Cosronn,N.H.,Tuesday,July3,J8G0.speech and'motion by.a paralytic Btroke. Sundayand State Constitution of1855, while maintained for theKingdom ofDenmark and the Duchy of Schleswig, ber,hotjesterdaysfcmedtohavelostallconscious-" wasabrogatedintheGermanDuchiesofTiolstemNos. £0and 13 indulged in alight. The polife fvere Mia iuthe connectingchain that binds the N»w world to the j »'d: nut w ith gi eater joy; an she brought to ua our frind, Oeorg©Monday she'was able to partially recognize those aboutSamuel Butterlieid, father of the' editor of The ness, and was pronounced byher medical attendantsas and Lauenburg. The first six paragraphs of thepromptly on tiie grout d, and BOOU qtulled the di<j|,Urb-anee. Severalmembersof•eachcompany, recfijvtdblack eyes aLd bloody noses, but no one was Seriously gentlemen who whipped Australian Kelh. Mr. PrioeJ• atrial, and President of tbe State Capital Bank, and beyond hope .of life. For some time past she has re- provincial- charter, octroyed to Holstein in 1855,IMr.BRENTproposedthehealthofEdwinPrice,the injured! • ...... '•.•-.•' iesp< nded in a nea- speech, in which he termed Johna number of the Gov. mors Council, died this after- noon.Hewasuhighly-itspcetedcitizen.and relating to the whole State (Constitution, were side'atNo.15Clintonplace,anddaringhorsickness alsocutoff, andthe.Imperial Councilorhas been fnithfnlly cared for by several of her intimate Reichsrath w as. purged of its members forCORRECTION. . H- ei an t e biavea- and holdett man who ever stepped Thefollowingnotehasbeenhandedusforpublication: intoa24footring....'•'.•'Mr. KeJter eatlsd out TOM HVKR, who proposed— TotheEditor of T/ieN. Y.Tribune- li ' 1 TheHealth ofTom Sayee*: Thonlcot little m*athat everfriends.The wteamer Ilar'ana_huS arrived, from Havana, . AMEBICAN NOBMAL. SCHOOL.—Ajointmeetihgof the randum to the King, oxpostulatory of •the griev- Engine Corr.pnnlmNc« 'M o_nd 20 hnd a t»tre«t di»turhano* I Navies, whuh were given with a w11.Hf<;xican Ne.^vx. KEW-ORLEANSJ Tuesday. July 3, 1860.Holstein and Lauenburg.. On March TO, 1859, Snt: In-your paper-of July 1,there appeared an lived.th<5 Provincial Diet of Holstein addressed a memo- ujtirle, headed" Flrtmeu'a Fight," in which it wa» *wted tlwt l^oud applause was foMowed by three cheers for TomHernewsi.-uubr>vor-ant.ThesehooneEmilyRuth AmericanNormalSchoolandtheNationalTeachers* ancesoftheDuchies,tindinsistingthat,untilthe las arrived from Vera Cruz id*t. She reports tuat tde Association, will bo held at Buffulo, New-York, com- definitive settlement of their relations with Den-•wifl) to B(iy<hntthe-Engine No.20 wn«in the house!jtuldtherollcalledaboutthroe-quartersofanhourbof'•retheabovi>di«- TheStar-SpangledBannerwassungalljoiningin turhaj ce.was represented to have token place; BUO".thr.tnone the chorus. Teen followed God Save the C^a^en.ofthe menbei* of Kng.no Co. N o 20 took p u t In i n y riot The banqueters separa'ed sooa after' uudoight, o n whatever. By Inserting the above contradiction you will confer. yery.gooa terms w t h th e world generally, ana espe-steamer Wave, from TYmpico fyr Vera Cruz, struck in feaying Turpan Intet and will proven total IOBS; H ermencirg on Teusday, August7. and continuing throughtheweek..TheLocalCommittee aremakingall • necessary arrangements for the meeting. Tbe citizensmark, no now laws concerning the common affairs ofthewholemonarchyshouldbepromulgatedun- less they had been also laid before and obtained t h e'cargowassavedinadamagedcuudition. fjom Mexico ai-e unimportuut.Heradvicesa sroat fuvor on the members of. Kncinc C o N o 20, anil .obligeCamden ar»d Atlantic Kailroad. _Tbe Cricket match between the New-York C ub with others. Por further information, ^address Oliver,i n g f r o m t h e f i r e , h a v i n g b e e n t h e l a e t e n g i n e t o l e a v ^ thescene—nearlyanhouraftertheothercompaniesleft, .. - ••ICATIKICATION OKTHE CHINESE TREATY.—M>r Wil- liams,.tr-eSecretaryoftheAmericanLegationtolGljina,b e l o a d e d a t t h e n u r / / / . l e . A t t h e l a s t a c c o u n t t b e y b a d succeeded in throwing a six-pound ball three xnilea with six oupcob of gun-cotton. These guns are very light, and this, with the small quantity,of ammunition required,rendersthemparticularlyapplicabletomoun- tainwarfaie,especiallyasitispossibletofirefora considerable t;m« before the enemy learn whence the^i shots are comiug, eiuce the gun-cotton makes no smoke*veteran Englishmen) versus tbe Gcrmantown CluhTh«- tror, between Flora Temple arid Goorge M. Patchen, advt rti«Vd for to-day at Suffolk Park, is poat- poitd until to-morrow, in consea^uence of the weather.A rev,•Chairman of Local .Committee, Buffalo; W . F .- about Mumnioninfra Chamber of Delegates in orderAmericum),commencedto-day. OnthefiTMtinnings thef.rinerscored113. Atthedrawingofthestumps,Phelps,Tren.oti,New-Jersey;J.W.Bolklfty,Brook-to pottle the pending difficulties between th< DuchiesofBuffalowilleutfrtaintheladiesgratuitously- Are- sanction,of the Holstein Estates. The DanishForeman Washington Eaiiine Co. No. 20. AVw York, July 8, 1860. 'I •duction in the charge will be made to those who stop Government n o t deigning to heed these remon- Election ofFresidont of Camden atthehotels. lVrBonsonarrivinginBuffalo,mayr«-_ strances,theHolstein Estates again appealed toAproposlotbeabove, wolearn thattheat'ack onand Atlantic Kail road.P H i L A O K i - r H i A . , T u e s d a y , J u l y 3 , 1 8 6 0 .JohnBrodbeadwasto-dayreelectedPresidentoftheceive all necentary information, by calling on the Local the German Diet, which then renewed its menace C o m m i t t e e , a t t h e L i b r a r y r o o m s o f t h e Y o u n g M e n ' s o f a m i l i t a r y e x e c u t i o n i n t h o D u c h i e s . O n N o v . Association. Onsomeroutesoftravel,areductionof 2,1859,theDanishGovernmentgaveasolemn fare hasbeen necnred, and negotiations aw m progress promise to the German Diet, firstly, thatit wasNo; 14 w as not made until her company waa return- though the twist is very considerable, the piece*can:'lynNew-York;B.G.Northrop.Saxonvillo,Mass.;city,whichhasheretoforebeenthemostactive theGermantownhadscored80,with.7wieketsdown. Z.'RichardB,Washington,D.-C.;W.E.Sheldon, shotildboremitiedofthequotadxedbythe''normalhasarrivedatWashington,withthetreatyfullyrati-He secured the man's cap, by means of wpichlhe as-;pTce, he united with me in good faith, and a settle- opentwasmide. Bythetermsofthatsettlement,thesailant may b e reccgni/.ed.T h e initials on thejeapare'•^eagerlystay, again, "provisionally,", by d;c:March 6, 1860,the threatened militarytien, though tbe conditions put bythe federajireso lution of Feb. 11, 1858, were as far as eve^jfromprovisionally l i y hands upon i t , relying o n the.openconsent of the Danish " Reichsrath" and th||sffcretsupport of France and Russia. N o w , it is todentthat the collision has reached a point whicmeaves . i km any person here to see it done. I was paid there- thoGermanDietnoalternativebutthatofaudjtcat-FIRE INCHA THAMS TREET.into the coffee saloon of Theodore Udell, adjoining theind to also.know that the most stable wputttiena JOSEPH WILLIAMS, JOHN HALEY, THOMAS PER- rjybich men acquire in this vorld are founded on theand the promises made b y the King himself in 1851ST. JOSLTH, MO., Tuesday, July 3, 1860. -'52, Oh February 25, 1858, the German Diet crowd. Twenty-one's men used pipes, axes, [spikes, I ''A Welch rate bit equally at good at the table <w on the bench*The news hae been anticipated.'the Empercr of Chir.a.. ii. ' " DAN IJBL CROW LEV' 1 -'cially w ith George Wilkf s.—The Austrian artillery has been making experi-mentswithrifledcannonloadedwithgun-cotton. Al-fcairman ofthe Committee,beingunavoidihly absent^• •jjLtimanlyse'tled,"theremayveryreasonablybediffer-......•*>*B proper British pride to ward its, coun- htrymen, opened its closed doors to all of our appeals, Jnfjt never once alluded to the American cause withoutyVilkea. www.fultonhistory.com 