 I t<I'could relieve the monotony of bis daily life.As tho village great man drew near, he removed his hat, and courteously inclined his head to the new comer, while he said what was meant fox anby this time obsticately determined to fathom it. CHAPTER IV .THK OLH CEONS'S WARNING.!honoredpositionasthat Adamwasthefirstman SS,1*"1 make some studies from neighKSr S£^!?¥LftHP20,f cli°gtoghere andthere,to havecomeintopossessionofthehandsomefortune lishedinourcolumno, WeArt tbtaososample.I"People that come here often have the same "Just as some of the folks had made ap their whim," remarked Mrs. Higgins. "You can have aBefore lying down he examined the strong belts be bad himself put upon the door, aad sow that they were in place. T h e windows on the side of theroom,bylongmisuse,weresofirmlyimbedded m their frames, that it was impossible to morstaCSftawBjIUtlTBSMISfwrit—,toatefto,t»raoott •rootr, oaUilsoceaaioa,Quae readv to froceea to Court, AaAmsByDoetaratlon.IT*aa Attachment for TOT,too; A local and a strong one;0,rtoMutotbeProcess,do; Nor let it boa toe* one*.Ko seowttsg befflff larks bemad, He A bo a predoee noddy,Wb», fa.lix»i t» Arrest law miad, tftealdgoudTakethoBoy.For though a form uk> yours migbt throw A woWcr ta attraction;Iooalda'tservea.Capias—«>— I'dscornao baae aa Aetw»!0,donottellmeofyouryouth, Aed t o n away demurely;For. though you're very yopnt, » troU, You're not an infant, avoir:Ike Gate hi ererytbin* to DM; Myfeoortm tore* own timw;DNoJaOHHlBleedaDilatory1Lot'* hare tbe Oeneral low*Or,Usee yee've reaOy uoDefence, Wby aot, this pretest Samoa,OaiinaM ell abourd preteooo, a^edfmeat bf CoofieoaoeiBe oball you be ray Uwfal wife; AadI-yourntftttrul tow- BeIbaaatofyearheartforLift,Wttk ae Beoaamder over!THK LOST DfiEDS.AN OLD FASHIONED LOVE STORY. BY MBS. ANNA rOUVO.CHAPTER I.TBI OLDRUIN—A FXA&FUlHI9T0RT.Aturesque Tillage to survey its romantic surround- ings, with the eye of an artist and the heart of a poet.The little hamlet was nestled away in a secluded Book hemmed in by high hills, on which gleama of the fading minuet still lingered.Mr. Withers spoke very earnestly, but Arden'aGlenfall, with his mind filled with stirring fancies,andhalf-definedprojects. teetof'fi6own* JS^JrA^*"**As he descended the pathway leading to th e in-secure bridge, he found his way obstructed b y an rr.e that • practiced man of the w ^ . £ S 5 * L ?traveller paused o n t h e outskirts o f apic-"The sudden death of Mr. Lindorf was quite n a -tural—men often die in a tit, and such an incidentshould not prevent any o n e from inhabiting thatlovely spot. The retirement and beauty of theplace ere what I have long been seeking, and I amreally tempted to dispute possession with the bats take. I am not a house-painter, bur an artist; I bably have died there." When I heard of what he stand there till I'm ready to move and let you over. a temple of taste and elegance The wails were co-Through the glen brawled a clear, rapid stream,whose watersbroke into foam over vast boulders of intense surprise on his withered face.rock, which obstructed their coarse, until theyreached a fall of about twenty feet in height; fromthe foot of tibia the rivulet moved on smoothly andstill insensible. I had him conveyed to my house, der, when there is a good tavern in Glenfall, kept and we nursed him until he recovered." by such kind people as Higgins and his wife.""And the blow ? | Who inflicted that ? A thing so "Perhaps I shall not choose t o explain m y rea-by the Bloody Run. youngster?"The artist looked around, and saw perched uponVHSW TOBK the aama house.ft."" Well, twenty years after the scrimmage thatended so bod for the younger sons, a man of fifty,with hair as white as snow, and a face fullofbedpassions, came t o Glenfall, and stayed at the tavernHERALD, (SATURDAY,FEBRUARY 1 8 , W60.-TRDPLE SHEET. —TITRK.man called atosefflindorf; an' what does he do butgo poking about the old house there, and at.lart he himself into a capacious seat and cast ^ J J *•*; went a n d W i t cleaned out, and had » w t o i l - "but you need have no fears of him on my account,tore fixings p u t in i t Well,to spiteof aR that for I aasoreyou I shall not take up my sjuarterssire to prevent him from putting his scheme into execution. He said—«•! thank you—I will not refuse t h e employment fou offer: but that will not interfere with my plan, must adhere to it unless I can see better cause for abandoningitthanhasyetbeengiven. Iamnotold woman who had seated herself upon the nar- row causeway and completely filled i t u p . I t w a s evident to Arden that she had placed herself there forthepurposeofinterceptinghim,andhepausedteas to share the common supewUUon oftsTJr*' fry people with regard to tuiaSSebemg, Jll 2* 1here Issome game going oo here. IHa! S tcould be said agin it, he went there to Hvo. .„"I'm glad to" hear you say that," said tte oldr n"Andthechild? Wasshewittingtostayten woman;g"butIreallyfiWtthinkthatMr.Withers place with such ghastly associations connected bas ever brought a pestilence here, young man,^Oh'fheknowednotttag^boatit The old man though be is meddlesome with ourtravellers. Glen-no more, as I expect you as oonn »fl»«r^l expectyou as soon as yo* cot*wanted it kept from her, and nobody would b e s o cruelastotell theyoungjreeturaboutthemur- dered brothers when they found she had to live there. Well, old Lindorf went there sure enough, end be was often seen walking around the yard exactlyinthetrackthebrotherstookintheirdeath struggle. His face seemed to grow darker everyday and at last strange suspicions began to be whisperedthatheknewmoreaboutitthanAnyone else." . . . . . . "Did any one act on those suspicions?"fall is celebrated far and wide for its good healthcuriosity and Increases my desire to gain posses- sion o f i t I have heard o f places being haunted by the living for purposes of their own."gether repulsive; yet there w a s a gleam o f mali- cious intelligence in her deep set eyes which show- ed that old end worn as she seemed, the mind with- in still retained all the vital power it had ever pos-old Lindorf; but the gal was fair as the snow drops and quiet in her way." »"And has no one heard from her since?""Not for a long time. For a while, letters came to old Miss Higgins, saying she was at school near her brother, and was well contented; but they came seldomer and geldomer, and now for four years they haven't had a word from her.""How long since she left Glenfall?'' "Nigh about six years.''santly talking to him, though h * mind took little note of what they were saving.antics, and the nervous sensibilities to shadow forth a weird vision which possessed ail the vivid- ness of reality.•aid:—ourhousedoneover; thegreen lintnighsopretty "Nonsense! howshould they be? Lindorf was beenapartofmyeducationteachesmethattoGod loseitsmundanequalities,andfloatawayinspace, as it was. Kf you stay with us long enough, Mr. pretty well tired out, and at last fell asleep. The alone is known the course of events, and their is- with a sense of delicious enjoyment such as he Arden, you can get the job, and pay your way at sequel to the affair was, that he came very near sue. Pray arise, and let me pass—I am on my way imagined must be felt by disembodied spirits the same time."and owls."'The beggar peered at, lifm with an expression of"An' it's a daring man you'd bo to stay there by dertake the other commission.''yourself. It's the common belief that the place is " Oh, a figger painter; and that's all!" exclaimed give over to an evil demon, and that nobody can Mrs. Higgins, with an expression of disappoint-retired nook. The most o f the dwellings were sur- sanctnm, Mr. Withers had observed the entrance o frounded by enclosures filled with shrubs, grass and a stranger iu the quiet village, and at once came A fragment of • rock, sufficiently elevated to enable flowers. A wide common sloped toward th e forth to ascertain as mnch concerning him as might him to overtook hn work, an old man, who seemed stream, shaded by trees of a century's growth, bo gathered. That he was young, handsome, aud reduced to the last stages of poverty. His patched which were scattered at intervals along its margin. refined in appearance, he saw, and if his mannerssoon as possible.""I wetild advise you to remain here, then, untilwhich to conceal them.Beyond this the vision seemed broken into csa-fused fragments. H e w a s conscious o f a violent effort on his own port to discover in what spot the purloiner concealed t h e papers, b u t his stalwart form seemed suddenly to fade into dimness, aad the dreamer only beheld bim again with distinctness as he issued from the door of the room with an expression o f malignant triumph on his face.He was met there by bis two brothers, and agsia a fierce pantomime was acted, in which mis tune he did not come off conqueror. Tbe struggle waa ended by the pale father tottering among tiiea and throwing his feeble body between the comba- tants. Again therfi^pires floated dimly before tbe mind of the sleeper, and he was conscious that Usmind was forced to return to the doomed room—to roam around the walls in search o f a clue to the spot in whieh the abstracted deeds had been con- cealed , and a thrill o f angry disappointment passed through him at each failure.A sudden blow waa then dealt upon the side of his head, and the dreamer lay in utter unconscious- nessformanyhoursafterward. Whenbeatlost aroused himself from this condition, the sun was shining cheerfully in the window, and on looking around he sow no change ia any part of the room. There was a singular aching dtaaineu about hisearth—a human being fallen into the dreariness of Old ago, without fortune or friend*."Y oa a r e correct," replied theshould like to know why so beautiful a spot is given up to decay and desolation?""An' sore, sir, it's evervbod ythat ought to knowbow that place came to be left to fall away to no-your friend comes. ; It w ill be safer, and better for disdainfully said—many reasons." " It seems very lingular to me that such effortsArden glanced at the sneaker, and the slight are made to prevent me from following up this fan- perturbation of manner, which Withers could not cy of mine. Who sent you to waylay me thus, and altogether conceal, determined him to persist in proclaim your evil prophecies?"his design of taking possession of the cottage in " The spirit that is within me warned me to comeI'd rather trust to for a covering than shelter m y - self under that roof over there.'"I am carious to hear the story; pray begin at once, and the history o f t h e house shall win you your sapper, old man.''yet invaded, and the old couple who kept the house young fellow; fpundout his name by this time 1 welcomed him most hospitably, as much for the dare say? Introduce me."she said:—" 'The fool seeth not his own folly,' was said longMany, many years before, an English gentlemanShe hobbled away with the aid of a crutch, and the young man went on his way, more obstinately•?A?80,ne ,l01r h e of the ruin. The death struggle he graphicalij de- m H,e ind U h t e d fromhave further sold was drowned hta head came hi contact °f a rock,and hewasin-you live to enjoy many that can soothe the heart tad charm the eye as this does. Your little valley is really aa beautiful aa A nook of Eden, and you, inyourpAtriarchalsimplicity,seatedbeneaththese magnificent trees, might b e mistaken for the first man and woman, looking out serenely upon toe world you had peopled and cultivated."Many thanks to you, sir, but my old woman andme does not ever expect to b e elevated to such aI k t p l c e u h a r e cl h^N ^ u T ¥ 1 y °accounted for by supposing that young Lindorf hadSlaced it there as a protection against intrusion on le night of his nocturnal vigil, though from the account ofWithers,ithad notanswered thepur- pose intended.on account o f the old ruin, the superstitious fear with which it waa regarded, and hu own scheme, &c. he said:—"Fred, I would n o t exchange m y passionate love of my beautiful art for the moat brilliant for- tune earth c a n offer; therefore you are welcome to the worldly wealth which I once thought would be equally shared between us.BJ" By this time the business relative to the settle- mentofour uncle's estateis completed,andyoutime be at my mercy, and you wfll not w flghupescape." , m There waa BO aignature, and Arden examined the writing to a state of tremulous excitement h ewouldnothave cared to acknowledge. After all hisprecautions, had he reolfy tain **•"•/•*<* a nocturnal visitor, who might be Actuated byjmo- tives of deadly hootflftj toward the bold invader of- lt >rokeai s S i n m a i n J o?tr « •youth, "andIhouse, whitewashed on tbe outside, and adorned with doors and shutters painted of a vivid green. Swinging from a convenient bough ia front, was a grim aiid weatherbeaten portrait of Washington, which served aa a sign to the public heuse to which it gave its name.The Washington nouse, as it was ambitiouslyfor Mr. Withers felt the dullness of the quiet littletown in which he lived, and was glad to extend hishospitality to any presentable person whose society the Hiorr.ing. If a mystery really existed, he was to you; by no mortal's command did I come. Ithing. It's the wonder of the valley, an' every called, was neither very extensive nor much given aside:child in it can tell you that a curse rests on that old to entertaining guests. Occasionally a straggler "A new arrival, eh Higgins? Came over on pur-house. I'm a poor, beggar body, but it's the sky came to this secluded spot, which no railroad had pose to make his acquaintance. Nice lookingArden laughed in scorn at this reply, and thek •*•» HiHd itsOBBBOJBB the result*nl?«?y t ?f t n $g f o r y0 T t t te^egle«nj!5Wft*deierteaWAdnesa,bnta8l came c o t t a g e r o v S r u JThe door unclosed withouttered a square hall from which apartments opened •n either hand. Neglect and damp had caused theBfhtoevH;^3&^%^r v S W w 8 DVTMQ 111 i l l ttJD6 £T%T9 I t tKft frtrvr. of tho hflta, and years of stent desolation brooded over tae lonery noons, ine aavocaauona connected with It were so frightful that ao tenant was found willing to occupy it,. though any one might haveative of the beggar.the place wan left to decay.''with ivy, which will afford me shelter. If -vaSteI wiU take up my residence there for a few weeks'his haunted realm? . The above is all of this story that wffl b o pub-to aot al that canbe told.Mister almost a a bad as the firs:tbegobnMcouldd0news h e brought with him" from t h e outside world,as for the trifling sum he was charged for his board.Higgins deliberately removed bid pipe from hia lips, and said—ago, and it is as true now as when it was first uttered. Go—I deliver yon over to the mercy of the evil spi-"Mr. Arden, this is John Withers, as I told you As he came with slow steps toward the village, when I seen him coming over here. He aint much the lingering twilight gave the young traveller a n to interduce t o you, but h e wantB t o know you, opportunity of observing all the details w e have that he may keep me out of the few dollars you soughtahomeintheUnitedStates; leavingthe endeavoredtosetforth. Freshfromtheheatand mightpayme,bytakingyouovertohishouse,and more populous portions Of the country, he struck turmoil of the city, his soul was filled with the quiet having all your pleaeant talk tohisaelf and his love-with you I will look on you again, either in life or in death!"Thus stimulated, the beggar began a disjointed Story, which we prefer putting in our own words.Again Mr. Higgins and his wife would have re-newed the discussion of the previous evening, anddissuaded him from attempting to visit the cottage;butbe>gailyrefused;tolistentoanyfurtherremon- determinedthanevertofollowoattheplanwhich strance, and at last left them to pursue his way up seemed to arouse such opposition. Reckless dar- the valley, carrying his portfolio under his arm. ing was the leading trait in his character, and anmM»*s**>**m/+s^******''*+tion from the locality, which will enable me to do It justice.""Yoa would be a daring man to attempt such a thing,air;amostdaringman,fortheplaceissure- ly under a ban. Every attempt that has been made to inhabit it, since the deadly affray of the brothers, hasled to some evil to thepersonwhomodeitYou had better give up the Idea, Mr. Arden, andcome to my house, where I can gire you more con-Snial employment ia painting a portrait of m y subterranean depths which might conceal a deadly «re that I ahould point tie p e r * * * tZZfjLtaghter .^ foe, the young man slowly turned his steps toward2begnUooqhimselfagreeable.T h e manbreak.with a pressing imrHatlon t o aim tofrom their frames.atfll occupied the place qsojrnod them b y hands long since mouldered into dust* while they remained as an evidence of the refined' tastes and luxurious habits of the brokenold man who had borne them from his home to embellish the one he created for to the New World.many tfsaoag I ass occurred to every day to that penoes^OMatBl i__inbtrument for tokkg theaTof T w J ^ L * •*7 N{here with old BOgxias and his wife. They didntlikehislooksmnchTbuttheywaamightilytaken becauseweharenochildrentocometoseen,andwith a young gal he had with him, that he balled forTnterfering with u i, and them that stops with his darter. She waa only twelve years old, bat shewaa as pretty ae a pictur, an' had a mighty sweet M " A pestilent fellow this Withers must b»," w n s\wnyoftattta'to.peoplethoicomeabouther.The thesmilingreplyoftheyoungmanaaji torew determinationwasnotinfluencedbyhiseridentde-After examining every Book, aad finding nothing that seemed suspicious, no secret outlet leading to* * * • portent man in the vmage'whohas eTBrlS?1 *!»brighten us up, and we don't thank John Witoersquibblingo ldpair,"thoughtt h eyouth.CHAPTER 7 .AM UXACCOt NTABLI rffKNOXBTO*.then spoke aloud:— ers, with much earnestness. " A r e y o u aware o fA bK*£* ' " t i o n s o f the doy, Ardea s i"Iamveryhungryandthirsty,myfriends; canI thelastincidentthat occurredatGlenfall cottage, have milk and eggs served to m e here under the Mr. ArdenPover her gray looks a strip of crimson merino w a s thrown,contrastingstrangelywiththesilvery hair and withered face Ft shaded."WhatacapitalfigureforoneofMacbeth's witches," waa the thought that passed through A r - den's mind, but it was speedily put to flight by the shrill, cracked voice of the woman, saying:—trees, with such other food as is already prepared? AslongasagleamoflightremainsIwishto watch the shadows deepening over t h e hill sides and settling in the valley.""ThedeathofMr.Lindorf? Yes,sir;thebeggar related that; but Ibere w a s nothing very unusual in such on occurrence. M en often retire in appa- rent health, and are found dead the next morning.""But that is not yet the last Old Jerry has been away from this neighborhood for the last year, and in that time a new outrage has added to the just horrorinwhichtheoldruinisheld. Itismybe- lief that if any spot of ground has been given overminds that something was wrong, and the matterought to b e looked into, lindorf was found o n emorningdeadinhisbed;somesaidremorseofconscience killed him, but most o' the people abouthere thought he bad put an end to himself, so you Mrs. Higgins bustled into the house, and soon re- to the Evil One to work his will in, it is that oldsee the old ruin is doubly cursed.""And what became of the young girl?''"She stayed in Glenfall until her brother, a col-turned, followed by a well-grewn, red-armed girl, with hair cut short t o her head, and her some whit scanty garments of unimpeachable neatness. She brought a small table covered with a snowy napkin, on which a palatable supper w a s soon spread.Lennox place. B u t t o th e story. About four months since, young Lindorf returned to Glenfall, and insisted on oocupying, for a season, the room in which his father died. His obiect, I afterwards learned, was to recover some valuable family pa- pers which the old gentleman is believed to nave secreted there. He endeavorud to get some one to accompany him and aid hiaain the search; but I was abfent, and the people about here refused togolege chap, was written to, and came for her -thatis, she called h im brother—but they wasn't a bitalike,andIdon'tbelieveshewas anykin tohim. While he slowlyenjoyed therepast,thestranger Tbeladwasdark,fierylooking,andmightylike wuaconsciousthathishostandhostesswereinces-These words were uttered with a volubility that defied interruption, even if Arden had desired to offer it; but he wished to hear all she had placedThus in fancied security from intrusion the yoaae adventurer slept deeply for many hours. No dreams visited his pillow, but after the weary frame had sufficiently rested the mind began to play straaoetable bere with your* eupper in a few minutes. I will see after it myself, because I like your looks."Arden laughed."Excuse m e, ma'am, but you make a slight mis-never waking in this world again. A severe blow now to the village to make my final arrangements when first conscious of being freed from the dog UJM.U lus head struck him senseless, and if I had not to take possession of the ruin." of mortality. Then he seemed to soar upward, and returned home in the nick of time, he would pro- "No—I came here to stop you, and you may jest look down into the desolate room,transformed intoout in the West, aad finally settled in the village o f charm of the scene and the sweet influences of theClenfall. He erected the cottage- after A plan fur- hour. His resolution was taken to remain a seasonnished to the architect b y himself, a n d decorated in Glenfall, and if practicable, to become the tenanti t with paintings and other objects o f art brought of the ruined cottage. He was singularly free from "The fact is, Mr. Arden, I love society of a kind not noisy brawl toward i t s bourne. The mists soon than they perhaps deserved. I n spite o f t h e r efrom his home In the Old World.Mr. Lennox was a man o f gloomy and saturninesuperstitious fears, and for several reasons the very seclusion its evil reputation would ensure was i t s greatest recommendation.said Mr. Withers, growing very red in tho face. often found in a small town like this, and when re-- head, but this was in a measure relieved by bathing in cold water; be easily accounted for that by sap- posing that his late exposure to the damp air risfig fromthewaterfall,onthepreviousnight,hadgiren him a slight cold.temper, and the three motherless lads who accom-panied him t o h i s new home seemed t o hare in-herited much of bis own nature. They grew toreekieea and wild maturity, often treating their portico to the tavern. The stranger was a wel- terfere with his business, though really nothing isfather with extreme unkindness, which at times was bitterly resented—at others, passively borne. Soeo.es of wrath and violence often occurred within tho cottage, A nd t h e inmates o f Glenfall gra- dually came to look upon its inhabitants as outlaws Against the peace and order of their village.come sight to them, for many weeks had elapsed since a guest had sought the shelter of their roof; and this Ane was of such prepossessing appearanceThe vivid dream which had flitted through his braincamebacktohim,andhehalfsmiledasbeA venerable couple, long past middle age, sat be- neath the shadows of the trees, which served as aas promised them.somethingt ointeresta n denlivenAt length the old man died, and |the sons quar-relled over the succession to the property he hadleft Tho eldest claimed the chief portion by the massive brow rose like a dome above them. His politeness ;with much heat he asked :law-of primogeniture which prevails in his native mouth was permitted to show its mobile expres- "Has the old heathen really extracted nucha land. Tho two younger sons denied the equity of sion, though a small mustache curled above a finely promise from you, sir ?"such a claim in a land of equal rights; the dispute curved upper lip, which seemed capable of qdiver-grew so high that blows were exchanged: the ing either with passion orwith glee, as suited thebrethren fought around the paternal hearth, till mood of its owner.through it, and endenvored, in imagination, to fol- low the path of the brethren who had clutched each other in that fearful dsath-struggle, seeking to picture the scene vividly before his mind, that he might reproduce it with the power of a master.There grew near the edge of the bluff a gnarled and knotty tree which looked as if some elfin hand Of being Appalled at this catastrophe, the two sur- an tour he was evidently making. A loose linen to the Washington, that if you and Miss Dora is the had twisted it out of shape in its infancy, andJerry left the courageous stranger alone.At den walked about the yard until the stars were glittering hi myriads in the cloudless azure of the heavens, and thought that night had never been so lovely before. H e wihs reluctant to re-enter theone stained it with his heart's blood; and, in place His dress was simple, and suited to the pedestri-"No more a heathen than yourself, John With- ers,•'exclaimed Mrs. Higgins. "My old man isa better Christian than yon are any day. Keep your names to yourself, and don't forget when you comebouse, though he felt no dread of its unearthly in- of day. The birds were filling the sir with their mates—and h e believed he had taken every pre- melody, and the deep undertone of the falling wa- caution against the intrusion of more substantial ter formed afitanthem for the heavenly morningrivors seemed only inflamed by it to a more deadly blouse belted to his waist showed beneath it a pair genteel people of Gleniall, we come foremost among degree of rage against each other; they rushed of serviceable pants and strong walking boots. A the respectable ones."ones, by placing strong fastenings on the door lead-large slouched hat of fine Btraw shaded his hair, These words were so volubly uttered that Mr.which was of a pale brown, and curled in short Withers seemed slightly bewildered, and Arden rings around his temples. Altogether, the artist took advantage of the brief pause to say—ly darter, Wise Dora.""Really, really Hoggins, this is worse than ever,"He paused many times in his walk to note the utter disbelief in the supernatural gave him a more picturesque turns in the brook which rushed with vivid contempt for the warnings he had receivedspectable looking peoplesometimes take them t odeavor t o entertain them a s well a s I can. M y good friend here, does not like this; he thinks I in-further from my intention than to do so.""Stop it then, and don't keep doing a thing for- ever, and yet say you have no intention of doing i t That's a flat contradiction I am n o t smart enough to reccncile. A s to this young man. you won'tnewed remonstrances of the tavern Keeper and his wife, Arden remained firm to h is purpose to pass tbecomingnightatthehauntedhouse;aadacot bedstead, his artist's chair and a small table were conveyed to the room with the bay window, toge- therwithalampandhispaintingmaterials.Oldcome into t h e place, I my poor house, and e n -The young mAn had an active, well proportionedfigure, and a strongly marked though pleasing face.Hiseyesweredark, full and expressive, and the HisdefianttoneprovedtoomuchforMr.Withers' a terrible attraction to him. He trod slowly their evil purposes; and, with many misgivings,take him away, for when 1 told him you would come after him, he promised to stay here—so there now."His arrival had already been heralded by the oldbeggar, who was snugly ensconced in the kitchen, Withers, if jonshould prove so kind aj to tender the detaila of the picture he intended to paint. H e without another relative to the United States; dis-at all f-uperstitious, ana what has been related to to survey her with a sort of wonder at her extreme me concerning the cottage rather stimulates m y homeliness. She was wrinkled, toothless, and alto-up, andjomme.Trulyyours, "HAABT^ " A"How delightfully verdant they must b a r H e if ghostsetnd goblins actually be set it," said With- sessed. Her dress w a s o f deep blue calico, a n d"In that case, you might run a greater risk thanAt leDgth the broad questions were asked:"What is your name, young man—and what may during the day was; unsuccessful, and he sent down its worth. He quietly replied:—your occupation be when you are at home?"This aroused him from his reverie, and he re- plied:to the village for wine, provisions and a lamp, reso- lute to remain through the night, in the silly belief that the old m an might come to him during its"I appreciate your kindness, good woman, iatrying to save me from the consequences of a rashdetermination; but unless you can give m e some. expiring lamp a tall figure stonding over him, andwith him, so Lindorf went up alone. His search herself in his path to say, and judge for himself of"My name is Harry Arden, and I am a dabbler in watches, and reveal the hiding place of the papers good reason why I should not become the occupant waving his hand in a very mysterious nuangpaint" he was so anxious to recover."of the Lennox cottage, I must still persist in m y above hia brow. A sensation of coolness appeared"A painter, well that is lneky," said Mrs. Hig- "And were his hopes gratified?''asked Arden, original Intention. I am sceptical as to your power to follow these motions, and a species of drees*The painter mused a few moments, and then gins. "I was jest wanting the winder shatters to with a grave face. to read future events, for the religion which has languor stole over hh senses. His body seemedteshall have n o objection t o take t h e portraits o f had ventured t o do, and that h e was still invisible You look like a sensible kind of man enough, and I yourself and Mr. Higgins, as I saw you Bitting here at mid-day, I took a man with me and went to look would Ukc to know what has put it in your head to as I came toward your house ; but I could not un- after him. I found him covered with blood, and risk your life in that old tumble down place yon-vered with gilded scroll work, enclosing medolhesn filled with pictures o f sensuous beauty. T h e floor glowed with flowers of brilliant dye^acattered ever the pale azure groundwork of a rich carpet Heavi- ly coived furniture stood against the walls, and ia the deep recess of the curtained window sat a haughty, Lardlooking man, exam- ining a bundle of papers. Upon bis fea- tures w a s a n expression o f gloomy abstraction and his thin lips were compressed with on expres- sion of iron determination. H is drees was of the fashion of a past day, and his gray hair was drawn back from the lofty brow and braided into a cue behind. His coot was of dark velvet and ruffles of delicate lace fell over hia slender, aristocratic looking hands. On the left one worn a ring containing a large diamond ot sing lustre, and, as the handthat bore itmovedner- vously among the papers, the dreamer particularly noticed the antique setting of the stone. It was a wideeircletofmassivegold,onwhich awreathof forget-me-nots were exquisitely enamelled.Suddenly a figure, whose entrance he had aot observed, came gliding over the floor with noiseless tread; b e drew near the reader, and looked overhis shoulder. As he thus leaned forward, his dark,quietly. Half a mile below the fall, scattered along stay there without either dying theirselves, or ment. "J vally.things according to their use, Mr. real must have been produced by human agency. sons to you, as I can see no right that you have tothe banks of the stream, lay the village; above it, being accused of bringing about the death of some Arden; and I don't see no sense in two ugly old Was no clue to the perpetrator found ?" demand them. Will yon move, or shall I cross thewas the spot which most attracted the artistic eye of the stranger. This was a Norman-French cot- e, built of the ston} found in abundance in the ey, bat the rough walls were almost hidden by the ivy that had overgrown them through years of neglect and decay. A few acres of ground stretched nwsy over a level space, which terminated abruptly•>t the foot of the overhanging cliffs, that formed a picturesque background for the lonely and deserted nome, over which wealth and taste hadevidentiy onoe resided.one else."•he listener laughed.people, Lke my old man and me. gittin' our picters "Noue. We raised a possee of men, and made stream on the rocks below?"painted. I'm sorry you can't undertake the shet- diligent search among the ruins, but we detected " That would be about as venturesome as this ters, because that would suit me to a notch. I've nothing wrong about them. The only conclusion other folly," coolly replied th e woman; "for the"1shall be certain to d''e when my time enmes,whether I am in that ruin or in my* own lodgings been after Higgins a long spell to bave'em done was that supernatural power had been used against roeks are covered with moss, which is slippery asin town. As to the other I should never be afraid over, but he wouldn't seud for a man from the next of such un absurd charge being made against m e. town. Doc't you think, now, you could manage it I really think I shall brave the goblins, for the view for me?"hini." the path of life, and you'd b e likely to knock out"That seems tome an absurd conclusion when the few brains nature gave you on aome of thosethe man w a s seriously injured b y something s o jagged points, which nave run red with blood be-from tbe portico will male au enchanting picture. " I am really sorry that I cannot accommodate tangible as. a blow,. I really think, Mr. Withers, fore to-day. Are you tired of life, young man, thatYou see I »m an artist. r>id man, aiui L can easily fiDd accommodations for myself andmy easel in that old ruin, in such delicious weather a s we have a tyou, ma'am; olft seriously I cannot consent to do what is so entirely out of my line."you wish to risk it for nothing but the gratification of a whim ?"that 1 shall attempt to rescue Glenfall cottage fromits weird reputation. I have a friend who will joinme there, and I think I shall certainly remain untilm&n, can paint a plain piece of plank of a solid I have completed a series of drawings I contem- for the future, and enjoyment in the present Look" Phoo ! young roan; anybody that can paint a" Tired of life! no indeed; mine is full of hopeFruit trees, grass and flowers grew around the present."ruininwantonprofusion;andthetotteringportico "Well,stranger,Ijestthinkthatif youdo stay color,"hereremarkedMr.Higgins."but1knowthe platemakingfromthatspot. Iinviteyou andMr, atmyelasticframe,myhealthycheek,andhearken seemed only upheld by the tenacious fibres of the in Glenfall cottage, you will be mighty fool-hardy, difference between you picter painters -and the Higgins to visit me ithere, and see what progress I to my cheerful voice. Do any of these bear wit- ivy, which elosped themselves around its pillars, that's all;" and the beggar arose and prepared to others. You'd better let him alone, old woman, or shall make in m y undertaking. My wants are ness to weariness of that great boon—life ?"and hang in large wreaths from its mouldering hobble away with the aid of a stick. The young he'll git affronted and go to Withers' at once. As I simple and easily supplied, and if my good landlady " You've a sound body, tenanted by a very un- cornice. man tcok out a silver coin, and c-flering it to him, live, there he comes now to see who we've got here will undertake to furnish me with a basketof sound mind, then," retorted t h e crone, " or yonThe outhouses had been built of less substantial said: here. Remember your promise, Mr. Arden, and cold provisions every day, I will come down for would never think of resting beneath the roofmaterials than the dwelling; and they had fallen "1 shall not try it to night, at all events. But don't be coaxed away* from us. Withers has a them mvself and report about the doing3 of the haunted by the fell avengers of blo>d. Young man, strongly marked features seemed to glow withma- utterly to decay, lying in gray masses upon the what did you say was the name of the brethren ?" daughter, too, andthe ijkeshandsome beaux to flirt goblins/' you may not believe in the supernatural; but I bid lignant passion. The new oomer was a young mooearth, half concealed by the high grass that grew "Many thanks, pir. for the old man's supper, •round them. which this will pay for. Their name was Lennox,The young man paused on the edge of the stream. and may your late never be like theirs."with, sure. Better keep away from Miss Dora." "Dear me, Mr. Arden," said Mrs. Higgins, "You'd you beware of again entering the Lennox cottage, of powerful frame, and his dress was of a dinereot" Do not be uneasy as to my allegiance to the better stop long o' us at nights, and only face the if you wir-.li to take away from this valley the light era from that worn by the elder one; it waa alsoofWashington,' said Arden. laughing. " I am pre- ghosts in the daytime. It's a mighty great ventux' heart and untarnished name with which you en- coarser texture and more slovenly make, and hisAnd cased around in increasing wonder that a spotfor which nature had done so much should be de-serted by man. He n moved his hat, and permittedthe bland air of evening to wauder through dark,silky curls, that shaded a high, smooth brow, on"Not much danger of that.' was the cheerful response, as he leaned against the trunk of an aged tree, and drank in ail the beauty of the balmy evening, and the picturesque scene before him. On the western side a rift in tbe hills permitted gleamsdetermined not to find Mr. Withers irresistible, even if he has a pretty daughter as an ally."CHAPTER III.AXOTHEKSTRANGKOt'TKACEATTHERXJtK. The person who now approached was a short,you're making to stay up there by yourself." "There would be" no excitement in n o t being there at the 'witching time o' night.' l a m desi-tered it."" Tush, old woman! Seek some more credulousdark hair was cut short to his head.After a few moments, he slowly raised his handwhichtwenty-threesummershulkftnotraceof ofthegddensunsettopenetratethevalleyandcare or sorrow. It was a bright hopeful face, full light up the little patch of desolation at their base.of the)joy ofyonth—the golden anticipations of a The liou^e was crowned witha dome, and the ghv«self ; a n d I will endeavor t o ascertain why they comebacktotrytheirstrengthonthosewhohave never harmed them. There ia some hidden mys-happy and prosperous future—yet in the flexible which remained unbroken caught the ruddy glow thickset man, with sandy hair and whi>kera, and alips, ui the deep eyes, was read a sensitive nature, and reflected it back iu hues of tire. cunning expression ot face. His dress was of finewhich might be wrought even to madness by un- merrited suffering. The lights and shadows in the picture before him, the gorgeous autumn livery of the forest trees, the silvery flow of the waters in the brook, filled the painter's soul with a sense of beauty which naked to be perpetuated. He tookfrom his pocket pencil and paper, and made a rapid nnd masterly sketch, to be enlarged and colored when the means were at his command.material, and airanged with some pretension to At length the purple shadows of evening gath- elegance, though it was rather of a flashy order.etedever the scene, and thinkirg deeply on the legend of the old pla^, the young artist walked slowly toward the village of Gluntull, in search ofodgiug for the night.CFAPTEB II.AN OPPOBTTMTY REJECTED.He wore his hat eet jauntily on the side of his head, and carried Jus thumbs stuck in the arm holes of his vest, as he diew near with a strut and swagger, wlrch proclaimed his ideas of his own consequence.A tall, staring mansion, with a portico in front, supported by massive pillars, stood on the corner opposite the tavern, the trees had been removed from that ppot alone, to display the handsome frontder the house a desirable place of rendezvous for those engaged in it?*'sist i n occupy ing the haunted house, yon will eithernever leave it alive, or you will carry with youfrom its walls a miserable sorrow, which will clingto you to the hist hour of your life! You wfil the old man, who oeemod to raise bim op end en-Suddenly a voice spoke immediately above him, The village of (ilenfall consisted of a straggling of the new edifice. It was of a composite order ofchosen it a s least likely to be suspected. A t a llevents. 1have made up my mind to try the experi- to pass. Now take or refuse the warning, aa you By some incomprehensible power, without voli-tad,withastrongnasalaccentsaid:—"Sore, an' yon be making a pictur o f t h e houseClothing, battered hat and subdued expression, at Near the centre of tbe village two nnense oaks corresponded with his outward bearing, he intend Once proclaimed him one of the unfortunates of spread their gnarled blanches over a large log ed again to deprive the tavern keeper of his guest;collectionofframe buildings, scattered alongat architecture impossible to describe,andmostin-the base of the hills, which completely girdled this congruous in effect. From the window of his own to-morrow, and write to my friend to join me asmaythinkbest" tionofhisown,hepassedin spiritfromthatroom As she finished speaking she arose slowly, to the octagon one, and saw the dark browedmas moved t o o n e side, a n d made way for Arden t o eagerly examine t h e records h e had so violently pass. He paused a moment before doing so, and appropriated, and then search for a safe spot ishave been sent here by a higher power than aught of earth, to reveal to you the consequences of your folly if you persist in going to the cottage: but no -humnn voice sent me on the green path where you were to be found."The young artist arose with his determinationunchanged. A night's reflection had only strength- crone shookjier finger menacingly toward him asened his purpose to solve the mystery of thehaunted house. He sat beneath the old trees, andpartook of his breakfast, wondering within himselfif he could ever give a fair transcript of this lovelyvalley, with its charming contrasts, its exquisite rits who rule your fate. 'When they have dealt blending of grandeur and beauty.i- *J!*£lengththrewhimself uponhisbed.ao/for eevent hours sleptheavfly. Heleft his lamp burarngTS bis letter open on the table; for ta spite oftheef-iortemadetointimidatehim,hewasVeurieiVof5- trufion in that secluded spot, and he had no thoacht0Wn W00ld fee,IS&ilSj* ' ^ " ^"Are you the conceited youngster who expectsto be allowed to sleep in peace, up at the cot yon-der? Have you not been warned: o f the evil thatalwaysfollowsthosewhoabideunderthatroof?Young man, don't think that yoa know better thanany one else, and persist in this mad scheme of them: and the boy window, which let in sir oat yours, for I tell you that if you do you will repent light, overhung the stream to such a manner that It to the last hour of your life. I am a wise wo- any one who attempted to eater the room through man, as the dullards call me; I con read the future, it would risk falling upon the rocks below and betajr and I came here to warn you—to turn y o a from doshed to pieces. ^ this fatal path, for if you persist in walking on it,fatal it shall surely be to your whole future fife."until it waa fixed above the shoulder of the oa- rous of seeing and hearing these goblins for my- of second sight. I give no need to warnings of sorhed reader; then making a swift plunge, heMr. Withers exclaimed—floor.Arden dimly saw two other figures flitting aroundperson on whom you, may impose by this pretencesuch a nature. Let me pass! I have heard seized the paper*, triumphantly held them aloft, enough!" and waved them above hisbead. Ineoldmas " You won't believe me, then," she said, with a started up, and a fierce struggle ensued—no sound tery alout the place,and you may be sure that such weary desperation in her voice. " You will go on was uttered, though the lips' of the two moved as result- as we have heard related but now are pro- the path of danger, though you are warned of the if they were bitterly reviling each other. T oe duced by people as real as either of us. Is any il- fatal consequences. Now listen to me, and if you robber bore off the papers, leaving his father, for licit trade carried oa about here which would ren- can, give faith to my parting words. If you per- such the resemblance between the t vo proclaimed bim t o b e , lying stunned a n d bruised upon t h e"Absurd! in this quiet nook!agine such a thing among a people remarkable for mockingly ask me how I know this. 1 cannot tell; deavor to restore bim to consciousness; but histheir simplicity and rectitude of life ?"'From its very seclusion designing men may havebut still the knowledge of it is with me; and if yoa vision seemed to be violently turned from then ask the people in Glenfall, they will tell yon that and compelled to follow the movements of the old Betty Baine always foretells that which come* elder brother.mentofinhabiting thecottage. Iwill lookatitHow can you im-rolled away, and the hills were sharply defined inthe morning air, their^urple shadows contrastingwiththebrightnessof$ue sparklingstreamwhichbroke into foam a t their base. H e a t length cameto a rustic bridge which spanned the stream justbelowthefall;thisseemed scarcelysafe topass,but he ventured over, and by stepping carefully, Jerry assisted Arden to arrange them,'but no in- thought this was merely the result of the tales he reached the other side in safety. Arden had ducement could be offered him to remain after the hadlistened to concerning the cottage. He began loitered BOlong upontheroadthatthesunwas sunhadsunkoverthewesternhills. Thecheerful toindulgeafeelingofcontemptforthosewhobad shining brightly over the decayed roof of Glenfall light of that luminary seemed to the beggar a tacitcottage when he entered the enclosure that sur- defiance of the malice of the house fiends who avail- rounded it. The story he had heard gave this yard ed themselves o f night and darkness to work o u tthus attempted to play upon his fears, and ao emo- tion of sel/grotuiation that he had been deaf to them all,for thescene onwhichhiaeyesrested, bathed in the clear light of morning, was one cal- culated to fill his artist soul with delight.With wrapt vision the eye of Arden roved over the quiet valley and followed the graceful undele- tions of the rising mist as it slowly swept upwards from the hillsides like clouds of incense to the godnature had been unable to restore its original graceand beauty to her offspring. The rugged roots ing from the room he intended to occupy.grew above the surrounding soil in many places, aa At length he remembered that he most write toif they had been at some far distant period torn his cousin that night, that his letter might be senteffort of the imagination to fix on this stunted tree mail was only sent out twice in the conrie of the "I beg that there may be no misunderstanding on as the one which had sustained the elder brother week. This cousin was the only near friend that heon which the artist gazed.The impulse to sketch the scene seised him, andhe turned rapidly toward his table. Drawing itInto the open Air, nnd renewed the combat, theobject of each one seeming to be to gain the edge .Of the bluff above which the cottage was built, andbar1 his antagonist upon the rocks below.In the straggle they gradually approached t h e brink; they grappled in a deadly embrace, and for many moments it seemed ASif the two would fail together, aad share a common doom in the waters below. Both were m en of powerful frame, andviolent pAseioiis; neither would yield; And the ter- partaking of the supper the bounty of the stranger me one ; it in-volved no promise to remain after made a slight pencil sketch of the scene, and then tant cousins they claimed in England, bat no inter- r^oc^ae WASdrnwing ton clone, when the eider, had enabled him to order. Mr. Higgins put on his to-night at the Washington. I aman artist by pro- proceeded to inspect the house. This he found in course had ever been held with them.by a sodden effort of herculean strength, dashed « • brother from him with his right band, and with bhj^rMpod thebodyofnyoungtreethatgrew».TK-TTMt "Anshrieked AS he went down:^ ^ >»dred blood shall follow your'was a very attractive looking person, even in his dusty travelling coitume, and this h e knew very w e l l , t h o u g h h e w a s b y n o m e a n s v a i n o r i n c l i n e d t o self-conceitforward to the right position, he was about to take from its protecting embrace; and it needed little on the morrow; for, in that secluded place,the up his portfolio, when something he saw therem y a c c o u n t , a s i t i s n o t m y i n t e n t i o n t o r e m a i n w i t h w h i l e h e h u r l e d t h e y o u n g e r t o d e s t r u c t i o n u p o n either of you. Mr. Higgins misunderstood my the rocks below.pledge not to accept an invitation from you. Mr. Arden sat down under its shade, and arranged allc l a i m e d o n e a r t h ; t h e t w o y o u n g m e n h a d bBjen reared by a bachelor uncle, who had recently died, and left them, so far as they knew to the contrary,censed him to start back, and change color. Upon the open letter he had left there the night before, lay a strip of paper on which 'a few lines were scrawled, In an almost illegible hand. With strange perplexity,ArdenUfteuit,andmadthiswarn- ing:—"You thought yourself safe, because bolts defend- ed your door, and he only accessible wmdeO^spectacles that he might take Asatisfactory survey ?n«S°,*iaMi v.ha2e ^r € a d y 8e"lected a ^ " t y a better state of preservation than he had been led By the dim light of the single lamp, the large overhangs a precipice. How easily I might haveof the young m a n as he came toward them, and in the neighborhood, from which to sketch the sur- to expect; and he was surprised to find that efforts room looked dreary a n d desolate enough: but Ar- killed you aa you slept! b u t I forbore from coma- n d Cene y t 0 adv ntheoldladysoonfollowedhisexample. Thepleas- rM»Ti£f,? J » toge. Assoon aspossl hadrecently beenmadeto preventitfrom falling densoonturnedhisthoughts completelyfromhis derationforyour youth anddaring. I command ingimpressionmadeonthemwasconfirmedbythe WeishaU.make airangementatotakepossesion entirelytodecay. Thepillarsthat supportedthe surroundings,andfixedthemuponthepagebefore Soutoleavethishouseforthwith,andifyoavaaiecheerful, manly voice which greeted them:— portico hod been rcarefully propped,and anew "Agoodeveningtoyou,myfriends:andmay quk"kiyasked^Cr8l00ke<1 ******** Withers boltwasfoundinsideofthedoor. Thelosthehim. With a rapid hand he wrote. After giving fe or peace of mind, you wfll obey; a {f*00^from the hand of God; but the first man in our spots to combine hereafter to a picture."town isn't the old tavern keeper, but the owner of SShut*?1* palace orer yonder, who doesn't doJ g Granger haif smiled, and good hamoredlyw i l h J ^nitend•pot as thta, 3 MST «*«« should h£ve TM w i £ h i I i r t e n e d a*t h e•£!•. ^ ^ ^ ***** • » contrary to ***•* Bmri Wlj0r0 *snBB m |in-UL_carryevflwivb bimTaiTou?£L*S ***h<>does not oh, n o air, I shan't plead Vnu?;1** *»*•• Envy—J8iSSLSPl^^^ $• <»toern aidehadabayttmwbt wZ S ^ i ^ * * fe°J« PMWwaa of theJWr valley was clearly visible, wMe thd ceaeeleoil . T J ? * - 8 waters below arose as an anthem ofmeiotfytotheeor. Even if the artist had wavered^^4ireaolre to occupy the honse, one glancefrom this wtadow would have determined nimto• ^ ^ ^ w t o g ^ nw^As 25a i tttorantobarstit IwrwrgSoL ft ',/ « aboveb7aglass dome. T h e alternate panels in the walla h a d W dontly been occupied by cases for books and paint- lbg> A few of the latter, mJdewed Art rottingS And .no place in such anected with the place. To speak t h e ^ A , h i n S Maybe you'd like to hear thing- I don't envyJohnTwE* £ * > «ch mean rative only stimulated my desire to gain possessionaau perpetuated the scene on canvass.opposite to this was a room of large size, octa-tt*resUA( boarder, w h o SDAU Q o m j ^ l o ^ V S scribed would make a most eitective picture, and If 18to u»own( sir? M v house Is the highest in the village, and from th« upper?jwmdow.tho Ttow lookTWi: taj[?hotog ^ explanation, the faee of"^csBjnsf^- !T3P 'J*r t h e r e was no accumulation of rubbishness; while I only need good health, a light heartand a skilful hand to accomplish that for whichnature designed m e from m y birth. We hive dif-ferent paths assigned us, and we must act accord-ingly ; m y BBC!* fth this, and s o made tho differ-ence m our inheritance which some of our friendsthought so unjust Y on know* that I hare not publisher of the Lanoaa wfll mail you a copy if jou •shared in this feeling, Fred, but felt glad thattoman, mat a wasonce reddened wTtolMoldal^wrungfromoneinmortalextremity"'•1 chanced to meeiB>n old bemrar as T<*m*hither, and he related to me the tragic storVcmV8 fonna fflEKL TJ!**"* * deserted houees. AP°fl tte spot, I may caancotcigaja mspiraThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Document"Since I have been here I bave been, M M erideuce WO Caa give, of its merit*,fcU*l,w;eiayou had been given the means of pursuing the chi-tural bent o f the mind c a n happiness b e found. But you moot remember, dear Fred, that I never g*£**i*T* * •foar finding out the aocret of turn- HSSb ^"^Wtogold.wfll send him five cents in a letter. TheLedgertomailedtosubacribemat$2ayear;l^Sy'Symphs. S00•JES ^A*} ***«»tf0 1* * " Epical tceaery, and ttey had been recently{rations without regard to expense, aad this is beat can be found only in the New York Ledger, the or us both, after all. Y ou require this money to great nunfly paper, to whieh the moat popularfollowtheonlypursuittowhichyoucanfindhappi- writersinthecountrycontribute,aadwhichfafoxsale at all tite etores throughout the city and coon- try where papem are aoM. Eemembelr and oak for the New York Ledger of March 8 , which wfll b e ready on Monday, and in it you wfll find the con- tinuation of the story from where it leaves off here. If you cannot get a copy at any book store, theeffort, andArden en-5!R?*«faS*to*B t 0 V*el from the walls, leavingshow tbattoey~hed once represented the island of he left Henceforth yoa can pursue your investi- The continuance of it from where it leaves off heremera thai has taken such rooted possession of your Ed^rSSJSj^ '^ *• soil; (or I know that only in following up the na-or two copies for $3. Address your letter to Bobert Bonner, publisher, 48 Ann street, New York, i t * the handsomest and best family paper ta the coun- try, elegantly ffluatrated, a a d characterixed b y a htah moral tone. I t s preaent chxmtation ia ever four hundred thouaand copies, whicJi ia t h e 0 0 *ty, and such materials as I mav M * *" 1 have made the acowsJatenE «r « -ArdcrJ was conscious that he lay motionless ape* his couch, and saw by the flickering light oi the www.fultonhistory.com 