 6 SJ.1 •»• will act be one <X these awtodhag esssarss toft*** o n Bsamswa ArrauT.-*a Sonlay evssssj thetherein by Judge Pettit, of Kansas, in deciding the fugi live stave casts growing out of tbs attempted rescue of theailegeislaveEteher,inJanuary, 1IM,thattheFugi- tive Slave tew does s o t recognize or authorise a pursuit and reclamation by a guardian.UTAH JUOOBB.It is reported that Wlsws.ta* present Attorney of Utah," He la all right now, but if Morrtetey comes over to this country he wooid g e t ' cleaned out;' " Cunningham then stepped up, saying, " Not white there Is snob men as m e about;" some high words passed between them,and Con Eiogbam struck a t Weyman. and the tetter dodged, a n d I do notkaow whdher bo was struck or not; Weyman re- covered himself immediately, drew a pistol and fired at Cunningham, who fall back apparently dead; when Wey- man fired t h e pistol Cunningham w a s walking towards the door or standing in the door; I saw no weapon In Cun-lUvsM •••• ••«• •••••• t i n .**• *•••Expenditures lor ordinary aupport.Receipts over expenditures.$7,67807 . 0,184 87.$1,884 8 9I 5!!Saturday—Morning and moonngbtSunday-Morning, baiy evening, clear aad maoattghtMoncay—Clear all dayTuesda)-Morning, ev-rug, rain.Wednesday—Morning, rain doling the nightThursday—Cloudy all light^"LTZTZTyteU aa to adsstt J * ^ | «»•"*•*•£LoBg. of Perihelion, 178 deg.afi mta. Loag of Node, s24dcg.,l nun. Inclination, 70 dtg., 42 mm.Log. distance rron. the sas, 0.01.62. Motion directdeclination, It! ^ ? sta* wsadOiwAsoe «i««*» t o »'< £H |<^^Tj»BB»ai18th of•""^^Z.Z • • • • afaaatt ov l a j M BWIWIBBV ftf HMfftMBA V^BTBSMI tlbesritorial business, which was tbs special order for to-day, until Thursday asd Friday. Tbs reason was that some of h a political friend* desired to go to the Chicago Con-each other on the balcony, otherwise nothing occurredtc mar the complete sucoess of the night.tail to unfold before the saa somesto dry them, willre mala as hopelessly crippled s s the luckless First Angel ef Moore's chsrmlng poem Thence forward there will he a grand concert of instrumental music, by millions of performers all over the country, at ao ether coat thsa ai a %•Issl.BrayVStephenssufficient to produce death.I•"•»1, not outCOVODB arrBrrxurKST.about an inch above the navel.Either, apparently, wa<w MI » _ # Ose^aaA saw^BttMss HMBlaT MM I B U D B f_,MMOI YBUVMOB W i * ^WMBR SS^SMBtt^W W •*•ar*TMthe utkiMi treasury **» * the most , wd^mUve ITte, » to said, the Pre-oa theof Oris aasws If is defeat Doagtos, asd h* the aaOrSffl of it art WlOstafiil they wfll undoubtedlyaslr object The Douglas men are p a s at thia, asd will mora aearen and earth to* V inumberof ceptialtoto Otake theDr. Peters, editor of the Aafro. Nach, steles he has re eetved a memoir from Mr. Lteia, the dawevsrer oftholathreei. ^^.saar rsftAaaan* tfllBafll * • " 4a*sW • • • * • a**** afWJSly, the seventeenth year tososts may bo expected th e testcRosaxar's sum. ie Cresaiey b. Mudtolars to procure the passage of the Lecompton, or English half past two o'clock A. M he waa removed to his rest 9 bill. These books showed some singular erasures, which after be was a corpse. He leavs a wife and two chil-a will hereafter be developed. The only amount that baa dren. He has borne tin name ofan Industrious and quietun«spected offer, he urged her to accept it by showingber how much better it would be to marry him, with htewealth and Influence te town, notwltbstandiog bis age andwidowhood, than ta marry a man ef her own age withoutmoney: and he professed great regard and attachment forber as a pious, devoted girl, and a member o f t h e samechurch with himself; that finally she accepted his offer,and as be was very nrgent to have the marriage takeplace at oi>ce, i nmeutetely made hsr preparations there.lor, and commenced purchasing articles with which tofiirnitb the house aad ber wardrobe; that h e sutde h e rpresents of a gold watch and a wedding ring, and w as in cub, and $80,C00 in good notes, of $5,000 each. bavirg a new house built to live In;that at the expirationasms, aot outCms*} t t Modie (htsatci, run oat*am t. Wardle b . Sharp Wards c. Staior b. Sharp W l S t t t Madieaym 4; aides • Total.••late Treasurer of Maine, have made a report In part stoop. Deceased, it appeared waa sitting In fron'. or tho_i it waa kaswa la be i time they would be as bedBBS Of•of that dreadful day, dat racobeya. B latoajoaraiaf. A t first t h *State*, t e ceil oonrentlons far she purpue* of toswhtoliligaluis IBtsesssasstos Thought will be kept op here m both houses of Coiigrms until the conreation meets at Baltimore, aad It bid* far to be•Mrsexcitingasdacrimonioush*anythingthantheone •I nastojtiliiSome of the demoerett think that the Richmond CJsa> rentlonwil] hare delegates from every State in the UaJon, andthattheywillnominateDickinson,HunterorGuthrie. If they And they cannot accompUah thS they will attend at Baltimore, and attempt to control that Convention,say they expect to have an their waybytheafacttoaefDouglasThe prevailing opinion here M that Houston or Bell will be-scmiaated at the American Convention at Baltimore on Wedneaday nextAn address to the seoedera from the Charleston Convention,showingtheurgent aeoeaaityfortheirreturntothe wouldbethenextimportantsubiectofconsiderationn theBe?numberoftheA.NTaal/irrsTft— A writer te tbe Newark Adtxrtiter says —SurwDeanBTLWHTSETO—ABMr.GeorgeL. has boas employed tUM prtadpal ramffiee' waa cleatd, oat the doors w o n n bsequeatiywithout debate. TBS ossmrorlag about for -a ptece to spend the evening to try tb* upon some tree, i or bash, they wffl fix the old shell Haward by an mean*. It cost some members of the thereto by its ctewa.eacs during the dews of night audience a slight pang ta tee so many pretty girls com through s abt ta tbe hack sod unfold their wings beforeWarren, Ohio, oa the 80th ult, toSIOOJOOO to $200,000. It waa the third ities thattemplate the rams with heavy hearts. Tbe property < mostly Insured te Eastern companiesFROCT—TheFrosttestweekextendedthroughnearly oB tb* Northwestern abates, asd did much tajnry, though tt draw sst appear to have beea very destructive. Pratt btossossi inexposed sttnattoaswere estoff:butsetto snob aa extant os to cimlnteh tho prospects of a fair crop. Tbeeamagete cbieay sonOaod to taaiir i asttstiss, sash as garden products. The grata crops, so far as oaa beJudged from appearances, the say, have not suffered ta aay oossadorahtoWllllamsbarar City Mews.Exmrpivx FOB m A Itarrnisar.—Yesterday t_«about two o dock, a Ore broke out in the statutory a t Messrs J. H. Brundsgo h Co., in First street, near Booth Seventh, Eastern District. B w a s caused b y tb* ace - destal boiling over of a pot of pitch, ssd spread to the adjoining premises with sstontehtog rapidity. The entire fire department of tho Eastern restrict ware aeon at the_tMr.GROW,(rep.)ofPa.,desiredtopomponstheTer- pelted,forwantofgentlemenaspartners,todancewith sunrise.ThisteanImportantpoint,astnoaewboaewingsSttr^Ukal wsh thaw tears« tae aBSsatts*, krlraasen, ksowtof, probably, thatM | M steading still Is Maxtoo, la eager to take - TL«AiaegatostUtoliberal army,rEseTthsi a also made another exMam Jvention, who dM aot oar* so much to bo o s tbs record on booses, In "The Hidden.Haad." Tbe comedy, "Woman severe wholesale pruning of the trees. Those, if any. whoasrssNational Demooratic Convention at the adjouraed meeting is Jose, waa Is circulation to day for the signatures of membera ofCongress. The movement la intendedto fcrastoil the meeting of Conventions la the seceding States to supply the racanciea osssstosas by a withdrawal ofDickinson, ofNewYork,Maarkraslytalkedofasthe iof the Richmond Convention. Mr. Savage, taThe Parodi"lltaa grws out at the capital that h e wUl uadertaka ,xsedttien toTarsurea ta October next Batpoa at oarr threata, the Qoaaeaa of hie in BOooodtttoa to aaakeTveraCnitheweatherwaauitiamilywarmaad Mna of every Bad dull, bat the city and port wars a*a%r.Ttenew ooaaulate, M r . Pickett osier , with Messrs. tattr tad Armstrong •ssteteate, was fully orgaatoed.u r * t were the United Statee ships of war Saratoga, kMt.TD ead Pooahoatao the officers asd cress wail, a s •OBMr McLaae, th* Minister.fMKbooeer batty Keith, Capt Loekwood, arrived out S fare Cretca the 18th. The ruajor by hsr that the Soma prise aleeaaera were to bo returned had created"the K.iih " u i d rail o a her rotors tola the 26th, asd awe all mail matter at Vera Cms«Va. Igkstes, commaader of toe force* o; Vera Crux, aabeea granted ***moathe' leave of absence, la hla eve baa beta appointed Geo. Oris do Zarate, military•ta. Jose Mora hoe bora appotated Governor of the hrrreso of Sea Jaa* Clue.*t te ibe eootOioiioeal g*Teraaa*at itself, it wooid oat Meter w be going oa with period harmony. A prrveto satr awe:—Tntoga hare oome to such a paaa that the MM*ofLerdodoTejede,theforemostmanoftoohberal •rrr, * oa loafer hears.0(U>«actual program of the civil war ws hoarbut •H, tit tooth it to tald the bbarsi army • reorganising asm Leie Potosi and otter pises* of the taterior.hiaaaes him the record of being the father of squatter sovereignty. T h e same author h a s damaged McLane badly b y exposing the fact that he once addressed a letter to Gen. Cass, endorsing the tetterS aqssttsr sovereignty notion.Justice Nelson, of the Sopreme Court, aad Butts, of Virginia, are talked of among the candidates named for the Baltimore Convention of the 9th tostTHB sscsrmos or raw i±rAXXSB.The Washington Navy Yard la being put la a better con ditlon that it baa beea for years past, aad extensive arrangemeate are there being made for the reoepttos of the Japanese Embassy.ram aiinnoRB oowvemos.Tsenumber of delegates passingthroignWashingtonMr. BovsTos, (dem ) of Ate,, was sot willing to roton the Tariff until after the Chicago Convention.Mr. Pmure,(dem.)ofMe.,suggested that theTariff might be pcatpoaea, and the House could proceed to the consideration of the Post Office and other appropriationBilte.Mr. GROWsaid ha test weak moved to postpone the Ter-ritorialbusinesstillthaiweek,becausegentlemenonthe democratic side were absent at Charleston. H e d id n o t think it fair to cswswsr * when the House waa thin. Those woo, desire to go to Chicago should, as s matter of courtesy, he similarly accommodated.Kbeneser Learned, Norwich, Connecticut; Anlrew J.Hansen, Marietta, Georgia L Harlan Wood, Gatesburg.nuncte; Nelson Thnmsmrm, Chicago, do ; Myron hBeach, Dubuque, Iowa; DOWltt a Jones, Bayou Sara,Louisiana; Benjamin P . Graves, Lexington, Kentucky;Oharlea Damoad, Boston, Meats etamatto; Joseph B . F .Osgood. 8atem, do.; Isaac M. Asdrut, Newark, New Jer- spot, aad tbe utmost efforts were used to prevent the sey; Alberto. Lawrence, Cleveland, Ohio; Theodore R progreas af the flames At oaa time It was thought that Chase, d o , do.: Jobs Morrow, BsOvflte, d o j Robert H . the Williamsburg City Back aad the ferry house* a t t h eS the meanume, the French tod Bsg'teh MteJster* arerarutf every energy to brmg about the propoaad armto- sabetoptothepreaaattimetheyhatemadebutlittle TOcaxuoooosvmrno-v.A letter from Vera Qraa aays, " aasihar this Bseatser lhatat i**ei:y af Maxtoo have received tooi with toj thing oka favor."CrSeke*.COMSUtNClStNT D A T .Tat St George's asd New York slabs oommosood theiraSSmsg teasoa yesterday. The day waa a splendid one to ansiet, aad each club mastered well. There wars iMtt twenty fire members of the 8k George's Club upon S« rroutd, white tome twenty-one or twenty two gentie- am totoogteg to too New York Crab made their appear- am w ifceir old ground. Several persona were present • tech of the grounda to wttnesa the opening of th e aos-It la supposed that not more than about twenty repub- lican members of Congress will attend the Chicago Con- vention.TBS ADMISB02I OF BSW STATUS.The House postponed the Territorial business specially assigned for to day until Thursday and Frilay next A t tbat time Mr. Haakin, of New York, will offer an amend- ment to the five bills providing for the organization of Artsona, Nevada, Idaha, Decotah and Chippewa, a s fol-iowt—And b e it farther enacted, tbat whenever th e saidTerritory shall contam the requisite population for a mem-be r of Congress, to be ascertained by a osnsua taken inpursuance of a tew lor (bat purpose, it shall be tewml for th e Legislature thereof to provide b ylaw for the election ot delegate* to a convention to form aconstitution, preparatory to edmteston as a State iato theUnion on an equal footing with t i e other States, whichconstitution shall be submitted to th» legal voters o f t h eraid Territory, at a fair election, held In pursuance of lawfor f>at purpose, for ratincatioa or rejection, and whenratified at the nolle la too manner aforesaid, shall betransmitted to Orngreas far acceptance. Xhla sectionthan be, and te hereby, Incorporated into and made apart of the organic acta of each of the Territortee ef theUnited States, and shall constitute the rate of action uponwhich tald Territories shall be permitted to form coaatitu streets waa the scene of the tragedy. It appears that• a bj the two principal etabs Is the Stat*. sad* oa tamag the pmyara o f oasb amiA mate tx was1 16 «• 0 1TheGreatPrizeFighttheCawseofTwo Mardert.webfbyed.ThefolkrwisftoIkwanara- ST. esosas's.THE MTJRDtTt IN ALBANY. [From the Albany Argus, May 7 ]Of Mme. Gailteg it is impossible to speak in terms of toohigh praise, Of her Fidelio. generally, we think we mayconscientiously atseit that it is worthy, in many respeets,of being placed in compttiion with that of MaUbran or schedules have already been agreed upon between thei. wiunm's SIDS. lebmaoo c. Waller VS. WrlfbtBrett c Coagrereb. 8. Wright R Wrifbt run outFerd c. Coagreve b. S. Wright Wells tt LangJ. T Wetter V & Wright TUt a Waller b. Gaagrere SM<ft- Laos*Robfcjtoa eat oatWAUmt'S SIDB.Uet b. H. WrightItlier c r u m b Brett Omgrereb. B . Wright hue e. Karsthaw b. Brett•b.H Wright....... b. anrsosawThe prize flgbt between Heenan and savers baa already led to many brawls among toe <.iass in wbish the ad- mirera of the respective pur lista are to bo found, aad now we are called upon to chronicle a oaaa ot murder, originating in a depute ooticerning them.boatbetweenNewYorkaadNewHavea. Shetetobea mate of the Elm City, finished to tbe same atyto, but a tittle shorter. Her length will be ttb feat, width 80 feat, aad depth about 12 feet The machinery, the plans of which are not yet entirely completed, will be constructed at tbe Morgan Iron Work*. S h e will b e tenacbed oomelb. fiarsaaaottrwhtLb wfcub •nmm, not outlea! wideaaswpb. 9ammaahawre. Sharp b. Saashesa0 to hear further testimony In favor of Barrett The com- ter with both hands upon hia shoulder*. He saw McOot- 0Coroners' Inquests.TBB HIOSON STREET Porso.vofG CASS—The inquest laa Sharp b . Stephens ,run outmate. Sharp b Stephens ib. Croatley.... ••••After Halloran was taken to the station house, Doctors Ft!motion and Myers were called upon, w h o attended to bis wounds as well as they could at the time. There were found t o b e t w o considerable wounds, evidently madeNSW YOSS.SSABP'S OXDB.twenty five year* of age, tbe daughter of a wealthy far-mer of tbat place. The defendant at the time hte al-leged attentions to the plaintiff were paid, was a widower,aged 61. He bad long resided in Holliston, had been actIvely engaged in business there, h a l held several Impor-tant town cfficea,and accumulated a small fortune, A tthe time of hte attentions to the plaintiff, his first wife hadwith a knife or some such sharp instrument. One was been dead leas than a year. The plaintiff alleged and in- Hte confederate is just tbe opposite of this description, troduced evidence to prove that In January, 1 8 6 3 ,just above the nipple aad the other in the abdomen,aakes the people o f t h e Eighth aad Ninth r their ignorance In money matters. T h e« . . .o f0 41 30(5 2mittee will not probably comply with the reqoert THB PUBLIC rRIBTUKl.will otter his proposition for a government printing estab- Ishment, as an amendment to the proposition of Mr. Haskin, reported from the Committee o n Pobttc Expen- ditures, in lavor of reducibg the prices on the printingter pnt hte hand upon Haltoran's breast, but then sus- pected nothing. Halloran stepped back, aad aa Tierney stepped ap to take bold of him, he said "I am stabbed!" MoCotter at once went Into the house. Halloran began to vomit; he was lei l down and the police of the Third diethe case of Mrs. Hannah Petoer, of No. 239 Hn toon street•asarkat Pohc* Court, where s o was committed fortalxrrt Csca Uosa -Tb* sotoriouf tkkst tgeoi Pat•*>,agamstwhomaeomplahrt forrftsdlmg was re- terfield'slinecfsteamersIstheGulf. Thereare severalsome words then passed between Cunningham and Wey-we hear of instances where it has been retailed at ten cents per pailfulFisi DI Nsw HAMPSHIRI —The tannery of F. O Kit tredge, of Mount Vernoo, N. li , was burned on the 20th ult Loss7,000;Insuredfor$5,000.FiBBB ai TBBNOBTBXRN WOODB—In all parte of the county, aaystheGlen'sfalls(N.Y.)Manager, areaare burning In the fallows and wools with much fierceness. The continued drought has rendered every comou tibte oubatauce an easy prey to the rapid spreading fires. In the north part of tbe county quite an amount of bark, woodasdlogshtve;burued. Theairineverydirection is dense with smoke and dustEABXUKS or THB Ai'BURN PBIHON —The Auburn prison earnings for April again show a balance in favor of the State:—ContractA large detachment of recruits are BOW encamped at Sen Antonio, Texas, awaiting orders to proceed to jota tt* several regiments they may be saaagrmil to, serving is that department.Temperature at txte 'Weak* Theannexedtableshowsthatemper*tor*oftbs atmosphere In this city during the week endingMay 5, tho range of tho barometer sad ther- mometer,thovariationofwindcurrents,andthe state of the weather at three periods daring each asy.ria: at9A.aL, and3and9o'clockP. st:-9A.M. | iP.M. »P.M M 5 -!•If1\WfrSBdsuponemigraato,itmayhecalledadtoorderly • * « d tnsted as such. There • no earthly reason J l ^ t a a Ucket agests of the Duffy stomp ' ^•tashed asd thaw safYork appointments are to Tall into th e basket with h i s The President hat the matter asw under advisementTBS rram vB SLAYSLAW.eveningtequestion;Imetsome friends intherewho asked me to take a drink, and as I came out of tbe room I board ah argument going os about the prize fight in Eng- land ; I stood there a moment listening, when Mr. Pattern walked up to Weyman, who waa sitting on a barrel, neartheEverettHouse.Bishop Kemper, of Wisconsin, and Dr. C C. Byrne, of Philadelphia, are stopping at the Astor House.Hon. Erattua Coming, cf Albany; E. S. Prcsstr. of Buffalo, and J . P . Hickman, Esq., of Mexico, are stopping at the St Nicholas Hotel.Gov. Letcher,Col.F.H Smith, sad Col.P.'St.George Cocke, all of Virginia, are stopping at toe Fifth Avenue H'teLGenera' H. H . Baxter and tody.of Vermont: Boa. J . M. Wood, Maine; Col. J . C. Buckley, of Louisville; Senor Doe N. Dumas, of Cuba; Col. W. G. Paine, of Richmond,and Col. J . W. Dodd, c f Indiana, wore among the arrivals a t tbe Metropolitan Hotel yesterday.i tttbbed Mr. Read Is the face with a fork out him ta aavwralnasmswajhacarviBg . or aaaa waa so badly manreated thathe I gf*-—^^^^^ ^ ^ weWesas' WaT aawaal wMbQ| WVJBVV ems? amwaa* l^lsaaU&OUed Judges of Utah Territory.TBS oosnrztox or TBS TRSASTBT.Mr <jROW. nhtespeech on the tariff to-day, showed, ifAfter hearing the testimony, the jury found a verdict of " Death from a pistol shot wound discharged hi the head, said pistol being In the hands of on* Charles Weyman."daughter, Mrs LoU. She was complimented with a sa- lute of thirteen guns by the order ef Commodore Vaader- btt,Serious fears are entertained teat the venerable head o tbe Sopreme Court of the United States, Justice Taney,of 2d Inst, say: "It has not rained in this city but three antes Mas* August 15,1860. The country i s suffering, aad water to drink is scarce in the city 'A BABxaurt CTTT—The cSy of Davenport, Iowa, hastwo interest notes, amounting to $7,000, to meet in tbethe Secretary of tb s Treasury s EJR!* »**r of the alleged rtoaars, sssssi Pat Levy. should be resnsad, aad theA Vsw YostBBB DBCBASBI) cf WAsamwiaw.—The Wash-ner 's Inquest was mad* yesterday into tbe cause sad cir- from sheer exhaustion a tew days ago, and h a l to be THB FBBUIS POSOBB-The case of Abby A.i<teddard,cleartho day;' WUUama a s d Andrew Bol- ._rday am i cotnmsted for ex-coming tw o weeks There Io oas cent la the treasury, ington InteUifftncer of May » has the folk)wing.—A coro- may sever again take his seat on tbe Bench. He fel aad no prospect of any mere soon.VSWB FE0M WABBBQTQW. amsasessiOar SpecialA large number of la sof Into MmA tSTTtss M l forth* Nasi ef lsrssl, (rep.) of R. I ,of theThe bill to settle the ttttes of the use of half breedMr. Dooirms, (rep.)of Wla.,the Wisconsin Legtatetore to favor ofl• *r.. J,o.. Wood's veryi! fnle»gagtin*nta!tewOrtoaiiswatodoielatt8attird*y.toPhratiBftoB,Qma,tobsmHdsath«ilv*rfharo. It* twenty on* feet long, asd win he maaaed by tow kasha although eight can he aotommsrlalsil ta the aretV 'iBasse*ma]wow Cwcsca—The 8 t PassagtPeriheHoB,Feb10,1fib.ti.T.,Berlin toanhyatetoaofBtIamb,fromNauvoo,ITltoatoi-recent book entitled "Representativerasw a s before th e Cored* Committee againh e r . acquaintance with t h e defendant w a s com-menced by tbe reoepttos from him of a podtenote, asking leave to vteit her, which he short-ly afterwards did, aad at once made propo-salsofmarriage;thatwhenshehesitatedsomewhataboutaccepting his offer on account of tbe disparity in yearsbe DKPACLTISO TKBUSTXBB or MAINS —Tbe CommissionersWKW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1W0.-TRIPLB SHEET.It They hare tent emtoaries iato sH of aha •nd agamst the dberimiaationproposed againstforeigitar whichheattemptstoprove by hte own that tbe alleged dteoovery of Dr. L*«c*rbeuRelflJ22l2L5r!fk »^tfStoaSartBes»iMIIS! wh ,, lhowThe fire In South Boston yesterday destroyed the chemi- oa their way to Baltimore, to attend the Constitutional cal works of Hodgea & Stlbee. Loss 120,000; insuredahcald consider whether there may not be a possibility orthe pubic being right after all. In tbe end the public arealways right. Mile. Piccolomlni leaves tbe stage, not be-cause she la not satisfied with tbe sensation she baa e r eated, nor because she te wearied of the public, but simplyin consequence of domestic arrangements, which im- dozen—two buodred and forty shoes—sad McKlnney peratively necetsitate her retirt mest into private Ufa OfUnion Convention, te larger than was anticipated. All the States will b e represented, except those o f the Pacific coastfor 116,000.Southern Ocean Steamer Movement*. SAVAXSAB, M ay 7, 1800.The screw steamship Montgomery, of Cromwell's line, from New York, arrived off Tybee at ten o'clock Sunday morning, the 6th instant.Markets. rHILADSXPHIA STOCK BOAHJJ,PHTLADBLraiA, May 7,1800. Stocks steady. Pennsylvania Stat* 5 s. 9i\; Reeding Railroad, Zl)*; Morris Canal, 56),; Long Island Railroad,the performance or the "Travtete" last evening, Utile need be said; the cast, with one exception, being familiar to tbe public. Mile. Piccolomlni never sang with greater spirit and animation, and never acted more powerfully a n d truthfully. Tbe last act. far intensity and reality, baa rarely been surpassed on tbs iync stage, and few Indeed potsets the secret in a more eminent degree than Mile Piccolomlni of touching the heart How many really eminent singers have essayed the part of Vioktta, and yet not onehas effaced te the slightest degree the im- pression produced b y Mile. Picoolomini. Siguor Mongutl performed the part of Alfredo lor the first time te £ g land the music, as may b* imagined, te not altogether adapted to his large, vigorous style; but he sang, never- theless, most admirably, displaying the noble quality a n d power of hte voice without ta one instance forcing it to its utinoit extent—a fault wlta which h e has more than OBCObeen charged, which frequently leads h im into e x - travagance Be gave the arte in the second act,"Di miei bolknti spirit)," with the finest taste and Judgment.M -lame Borghi Mario has made her debut a t Her M a- jesty's In "Desdemona," aad is very highly spoken of by the papers. "Fidelia" waa done at the Covent Garden for the new Viennese prima donna, of whom the Cfl/vnt- eJesays:—seventeen dozen and six. The shoes made by each were decided b y refereea t o h e o f excellent workmanship. Near the close of the contest, Henneasy, the helper of McKinney, fainted from over exertion. T b e number of shoes made by Kennedy te unprecedented, and w e doubt if any one man ev< r turned oat as many te the same time. A large number of beta were made by t h e friends of tb* parties, and the greatest good feeling prevailed o n bothtidesA Wo*.** AUD Han Tiiare CnaoRBB Gosx nrro SLAVS BT.—From tbe Columbia (Brasovia county, Texas) Demo crat we clip t h e following —At the last term o f our dis- trict court the petition of Sally, a free negro woman, pray- ing for the enslavement ef herself and ber three children, who are under tbe age of fourteen, was granted—the woman choosing as her owner, Mr*. E. A Sharp, wife of Col. Wm Sharp, of Brazoria county. It appears that tbe mother o f Sally was a native o f t b e State o f New Y ork, and many years ago was apprenticed for debt in that State to a planter in Louisiana, and after the expiration of the time of her apprenticeship refused to return to theNorth, snd Sally, though born free, refused to return to her mother's native 8tate,and, satisfied tha'pt free negro's situation waa as unenviable as helpless, she took tbe step above alluded to for its amelioration.TBB SOITHXRN Rorra—Travellers to the East and North, says the N e w Orleans Picuyunt of the 31 iuat., will be glad to learn that there is a prospect of a still mere rapia communication between this and all points in that direction than b a a y e t been attained. W e learn thattions, preparatory to their admission as States into th e Union.Thia amendment was offered b y Mr. Haskin to certainabout midnight Saturday, three men named Thomas Hal- loran, Thomas Tierney and Owen Gilligan, were passing along Water street, on their way home from a porter house below that point They Deseed the porter house ofScproexD Sricroi or A Convict.—Coroner Murpby bold an Inquest on the body of a man found floating in the wa- ter at thefootof Tenth street, Green Point From bisexpect that all thia n e w arrangement will probably g o been a convict belonging to Bteckwell's Island.Territorial bills test Congress, but was objected to by Mr. John MoCotter. McCottor was standing upon his stoop aaStephens,thenchairmanoflb*OmwaaittoonTerritories. they passed, butnothingwassaidbetween them. The TBB coaissian nxcno* cassa. three men were talking about the fight between Baye n andHeenan After havteg passed t i e bouse, Halloran made a The contested seat of Anderson versus Cheaman has remarkf/xprcratve of|Uympethy for Sayers. At oncezarro and FlorceUa. preventing the former from commit ting the contemplated murder or the prisoner, while she avows beraeir FlorestanS wife, M m e GsUteg'a voice soared above princ'pate and band, and absolutely electri- fied the audience. Aa an actress Mme. CaUteg is equally powerful and grsnd.A Brcacto of Premise Caae 1st Maaaschu- tettt—S3,ow> Daxnaares.Tho caae of Sarah fl. Travis vs. Abel Pond wasAried last week in Middlesex county, Maisachuette. This w a s an action brought to recover damages for an alleged breach of promise of marriage Both parti -s reside a t Houston, Mass, and tbe plaintiff Is a young lady of aboutinto effect about tbe 0th or 7th of this month.Paaca CROP IN GBORGU —The Miltedgeville fethral John Goodman,Saturday, attempted to commit suicide byUnicn says.—"Contrary to our <xpectations, we And upon jumping from a Green Point ferry boat He waa rescued examination., that the peach trees from Athens to Clarke with much difficulty, and taken to th e Seventh prectectbeen argued before the House Committee on Elections tor about ten days, and from present appearances will he de- cided against Chesman.Aa application has bees made before the same commit toe to allow the case of Barnet versus Blair to be reopenedsome one from the neighborhood of MoCotter spoke in re- ply, making use of moat gross personal language. A t •bat Halloran turned to go back to the place whence t h e reply proceeded. Gilligan advised'Tierney to follow him and persuade him to oome back. Halloran was some what under the influenceofliquor. WhenTierneygot near to him, he saw Halloran standing in front of MoCot-vilie a r e loaded with fruit. If there shall be no more station house. Extreme poverty was alleged aa the causeThe consideration of the public printing has been post-yoned to Wednesday next, when Mr. Gurley, of Ohio, tnct were rent for. He waa taken to the station house,bees administered accidentally by herself, was concluded yesterday by Coroner Sohirmer. T h e evidence weal t o show that deceased was depress*! in spirits in conse quence of baring been unfortunate te bualneas. On tb * day she was taken ill she told her daughter that it was ber last day, asd tbat she would soon be relieved from0 forty per coat. 00 0having followed the avocation of a drover for sereral years. From the nature of hte business he enjoyed re- markable facilities for palming off bad money upon unsus- pecting farmers. He con! esses tho crime aad wishas to become State's evidence.Mr. Wendell0 to-day, with hte check or cash books. He testified A magistrate was sent for to take the deposition of the71 that be paid between thirty asd forty thousand dol- dytegman,buthewastoofargonetegivetestimony. At61 been accounted for thus far, is the five thousand dollars1 paid to Bean Wcnoell was informed that h e would b e0 expected to state where the money went Great anxietyman. McCotter was committed to jail for the crime of murder.He bears the reputation o* b?icg a b a d , quarrelsome men, when in liquor, and it is against him tbat only last October be maoe a savage assault on a man named James Camber , with a chisel, cutting htm badly a n i endanger- ing hia life. He was indicted lor this offence, but has not yet been tried.THEMURDER INNEWORLEANS.hall door, when h e was seized with aa attack of vertigo, and railing forward, struck hte bead against the ground with such violeace aa to cause death.S r m n o s o r FOIL PLAT.—Coroner Jackman was noti- fied to hild an inquest at Bellevue Hospital, yesterday, upon the body of JonnrCollias, who died on Sunday even- ing from the effects of injuries supposed to have been received in a fight. Deceased waa covered with marks of violence, but bow and In what manner they were re-1 <5te manifested to learn Wendell's detailed statement Simeon Johnson, late editor of the Washington Union, testified that he had reason to believe tbat the Lecompton10 constitution waa made in Washington, because Martin, a clerk ra the Interior Department, called upon him (John-[From the New Orleans Ficay QUO, May 3 )The Coroner held an inquest io this case yesterday, andseemed greatly elated at the idea o f their leaving. THB TACAXT DIPLOMATIC MI3B10X.ot it as charged, and the plaintiff* excellent character, cry-.'-ended that plaintiff could have no object in marrying a man of his years, who was fast verging upon o i l age, and whom she would have been obliged to take care of and nnrre during hia decline, tbat she could have made more money te nursing at a hospital; and that thereforesays tbat the prospecta of a fair peach crop in that asc tion are favorable. The trees are beginning to bloom.The resignation o f Second Lieutenant Jnhn H Edsaa, o f tbe Mounted Rifles, has been accepted b y the Press dent, tq take effect September 1,1800.An extension or six months leave of absence has beea granted to Major W. H. Emory, First cavalry.A draft of eighty recruits b a a beea ordered from Jef-The name of Beary M. Phillips, of Philadelphia, is m«n tiosed in connection with the vacancy occasioneJ by the was brought before Jostle* Kelly at the Jeffer death of Mr. Clark, Mhtiater to Guatemala and Honduras.EAIB WASTBD IN MASSAcnrsKTre.—The Bteton Trant- tcHit says—Our suburban friends are suffering severely from want of rain water, and the washerwoman's occoPOSTAL XTtAIKB.The House Post Office Committee meat to-morrow, and man, and I taw the former strike a*, the latter: Weymandodged tbe blow, ani then raised up,got off the barrel, stepped bsck a pace or two, drew a pistol andfired;Cun- aingsam fell down, and died soon afterwards; saw n o weapon in Cunningham's hand belore or after hia death, butIdidseea pocket knife,unopened,lying underhim whenhewasturnedoverafterbe wasdead; I was not aware that there was any ill feeling between the partieswill probably dispose of the question of establishing Bit-•sty made by the Bar. Mr. Jamas, of Mamouri, washamtornemsnayyesterday by ptllniaaaa Uwaon,of willshortlyheactedapaa.• Twtatytixthprecmct,and os baaaf brought beforebase Ccanolry he was bald to bad in the sum of $ * » to•mar. The office of the prtooner, at 109 West street,*i probably be broken up; tor, by the now law relating Is waiting to asesrtata hew many heads among the New Andrew leery sworn —I was In the groce-y on the Gazzaniga and sister, from Philadelphia are stopping alimportant postal reforms before the ommittee, whichsaw VORK o m e s HOLDERS ot n o r m s .George N. Sanders has returned from Caarlesion, asd nrevtosary.Personal Intelligence. Dr.JewettandismUy,ofMow Haven,are stoppingatI a t * ? - • * f*»»««">g auch casea S a rary atrisgent There te some talk o f attempting to assasd the Fugitive the counter, and, placing his band familiarly on hte knee, sV*tt f * • P0"08 W|U «Bty «nrt themselves a little, Slavs tew, so as to meet the flawrecently dtecoveted said, " How is your Boatota Boy now?" Weyman replied,earnings Miscellaneous earnings$7,410 6 0 169081«**»•*>»»»•. of No.letWest Etobteenth ***iwaa astracted> a party of drusken rereliera i sMsaatdosr. Mr. Baed put up with the amturb tomedme, but tsslry hia pattosoe became ex .andsttkiaghto assasrsses amoag the rioters, sanded them to aeatat, at las tame thsa threatiseailmtbepouce. listit4of_ i crabs aad knirea. OnesadR.P.Heaaams,ofBasssyhrssta,hsvebeesappoint ningham'sband.Tbe wife of our Minister to France, Mrs. C J. Faulkner,sailed onSaturdaytathesteamerVenderbilt,withher about their crops Lettera rrom Milwaukee of datehla estimates, there wooid be s deficit In thethe 1st of July next of over one million dollars, withtwenty miLboaa of Treasury notes onredetmed, asd overtwenty faerm rimsa at public debt fslhsg due before t i e1stofJuly,186*. Theosrrentexpensesofnextyearwill cametoWashingtonon theothofApril aadstoppedat be not tern than sixty five millions, white the revenue on Wllterd's Hotel, which be left on the 18th and took up hteto pay Lb*currmtt expenses of the govern, MayT,ism of ladiesMr.CBASDIXB,{rep.) of Mich admitGoversersofStatestotheprtvtlegssofthe£Eed m to examine the body, showed tnat h*died from taking an « ? * " ^ w 0 ^ " J " L 1 ^ rangtnsent during the coming summer to issue excursionsaoon light. Saturday—Hary all day;Cassia V\ Before HOB Judge bo««7twderedte be j ' Mr. DavieS i ! ? ? ^ * ^ teoraaoaa of Salt Lake who toav* Brigbaaa Youngoaa «* aa,iMr. BriuHCAHB, (rep ) o f Mass., from the Committeeos Foreign Allaire, reported a bill satberiitag the Presi-the Territorial business aa on the Tariff question, whichasd Artiste," produced by Mrs. Wood, Is aa alterationfrom "MBo. Domesnil," by Mr. W. CowelLOpera troupe, Norfolk, Va., has a new Opera house, which wss to bo opened by tbs Staters Western test week.' Thar*teaaAcademyofMusicatMilwaukee,Wis,where tb* Webb Staters are acting Mr. Coins*, Ike Irish come- dian, is playing at McVicker's theatre to excellent audi- ences. T h e Hooloyssd Campbell Minstrels will return during the Convention, asd s o doubt there will then be a plentitsde of attractions of different kinds Mr. J. E. Mur- doch wss playing at Louisville test week. Mr. E. Eddy Isare incredulous, will see, hoar aad believe.ArronmiKscTSBTTBSGOVBBBOB—The Governorhas appointed the following named persons to bo Commission era tor tho State of Now York, to take the proof and acknowledgment ef deeds and other instruments to bo ased or recorded ta our 8tate, and to administer oaihs —l l 7 , ; Pennsylvania New York atpar.PBTLADBLPHIA, May 7,1860. unchanged. Wheat dull a a d declined 5c ; white $ i tiO a 81 c2, red $ l 47 a f t 60. Corn dullFlour dull and»D<i declining. Provisions Whiskey auilat22v.firm.Mess pork0 i 86 0.Railroad, 8 8 V Sight exchange OBlb* neighborhood of too corner of Lumber and Waterifchroeder Devrient A grander voice we do not know.It baa that vibrating sonorous quality, perhaps oftenerfound among Germans than Italians, and whioh s o won-derfully suits the thrilling music Beethoven has writtenlor Leonora. To thia telling quality are added great com-pass and a power almost unparalleled. The voice or Mm*.Cailltg, indeed, on certain notes of the upper register,ring through the bouse like the sound of a trumpet. In About eight o'clock, morning and evinlng, we have heard,the tremendous scene where Leonora steps between IV te to be the time both of departure and arrival. We may dress and other circumstance* he was supposed to haveand McCotter was arrested, being found in bed.,May7,I860.greatcredittoMr.strwtawskill, asdtbenrastowsssofineonthisoccatioathatloudapplausefollowedlasper. weekoftins.May. AooMsnapmaymaketnemafewMadam*MariettaGexzaotgagavethe te*t ooectrtafher serrationsonthebrighter'oTuVsVai, oaTreb. is1iV»Southern tour at Richmond lost week. She will sail for •»• aareo », w e rawrwnag eatnesnto have been cosa- (owing extra* rrom a private toctorEurope, from Pasta*, o a she 3Cth. The Wstteak vstates ef "Tbe Romance of a Poor Young Man " has b o a pro duoed at the Howard Athenaeum, Boston. Tb* sabjoteed aharmiut piece of criticism te from the Btotoa Owner of Mayl-Tke new play of "The Poor YoungMan,test evening n r the first tbs* is Bastes, wasa decided success by tbe terse aeaaaeoa watch wsaaasedits representation. Tb* drawing room scene, earry la theevening, was oaa of tb* most effective with which t b spiece abounds. Mr. Roy notes, who waa capital througu-oat ate part, mad* a* maay potato hare a* to keep tbeaudience constantly exploding with laughter Mrs Bar.row played the heroin* with much spirit, aad Mr. Daven-ports Manuel wasaswxeseaioaaate. toesoeaeryao«s Ifthemonthshallbeawarmone,asseemsjunnowlike-daytiater. ThetostMm* of their appearance here. ISO, a few were seen aboat the 291bof May; bat s cold map happeningjost then, tbe first adventurers peTtebed.and the mam body did not appear above ground till about thedent to appoint a full Minister to Sardinia, at a salary of the aaw play. On the whale."The Poor Young Man" is grubs will b e sees aawasdtaf ta countless numbers from•12,000, with s Secretary of Legation at 01,800 per aa- well worth seeing, aad w s advise every on* who is east. their subterraneous abodes of seventeen years Os wringYossg Joseph Smith sad hteProphet Joseph ot Mormon sstartoty. tetely sessforeaceof Mormons held l a t h e State e f WxABffa t'mdttaetelth, and young Joe pretends tbat h e w s s SpiritofGodkTdoVbot 1amoftheoptatoathatI rptrtt of speculation bad more to de with It than God had. Bathe faatlyte vary much te debt, their prspsrtj ^^"teeged.andJoe • te reoetve the somas'iLUBUJTT OFTBI BONDSMBROP THB RSV. Ml? PSCK,THBdrnce In Tivoli Hollow, and between three and four hours litem b-rtelf and defendant, and the saddeoness of his appointed to settle with the sureties or Benjamin D. Peck, waa almost Instantly killed by falling from the frontPolice Imtelllgeare.Sir DtcsBTBB or TaorjBis.—Thomas Campbell, ion) and informed him that he was deputed to take the examined several witnesses, whose statements agree of several months defendant told plaintiff hs had changedmtGayDaoelvor,wsstakonmtocustodyonSundayby policeman Brackett, of too Twenty eeoood•wU.instrumenttoKansas,andasked Johnsontoapplytothe Stats Department to have h l a (Martin) paid for his ser vices over asd above his regular salary.generally. Wegivethe ti.-uniony oftbetwomostim- portant:—James Cock, sworn—On Saturday last, 2Stb ult , be- tween7and8o'clockintheevening,there wafquitea number of persons in m y grocery, taking about th e championship contest in England; there d id n o t a-.pear to be any ill feeling existing in the crowd; after the enn- veraation flagged somewhat, a m a n named Charlos Weybis mind, and wished hor to release him; that when naked forbisreason,besaid"hefoundnofaultatailwithhershe deserved a much better husband than he could make her, but be could never marry her ," and thus h e finally left her- that eight months afterwards, and white tbe present suit was pending, be married and took to bis new huuse another with, who a year or two bsfore bad been divorced from a farmer husband.inNorfolkteatweek, inhonor ofthevictoryofJohnC. Heenan over tb* English champion, Thomas Sayers, and Morrtesey hung in effigy, aad afterwards burnt.TBB WmxAND CABAL Ores.—The schooners R H Bat- man and J . F. Waraer, from Cleveland, passed through the Welland canal, oa the 1st test .being the first vessels bound for Europe tbat have passed through the canal thiswitnesses. native o fDereaseo waa84years ofage,and wasa Ireland.on charge of attempting to ptas counterfeit mowj Tbe prjaoaar, It appears, asd the wamarsy to odor anantm fire dollar bill on the Bank of the Commonwealth,rwhatlohia, ta payment for BOOMgoods at a drugstore,h Brhth tresme, attar b e had twice been told that t h eMawwattt^eas. The offloer watched him white he nearly all in readiness for marching, and the Mormons ssted three ttorea, aad then thought it Was time t o p o t»Btp lo the game. The Gay DaceiTer Is represented to• m m band at counterfeiUng, who trarela to TsrtousA r m y IatellfaremeevBrevet Lieutenant Colonel R C. Buchanan Fourth in-fantry, te assigned to duty in tbe city of Washington. LieutenantW.H.Stevens,CorpsofEngineers,teasArtAlMf tH LT-lHThe War Department received this morning a large mailfrom Utah. The news la unimportant. T h e troops weresigned to the charge of the construction or the fortifloauocs PBUCH CROP m Nrw YORK—Tbe Orleans Bfpu'Mcan to the entrance ofGalveston harbor aad bay. Text*.man came in and seated himself on a sugar barrel bastde The defendant, admitting the contract and the breachtb* oountir, and while sitting there, Jamea Patternwent up to Wey man, and pot hia hand on him to avery familiar manner, and said t > him: " How is yoorBcnicte Boy now? Wey man replied, • He i s all right,"and eontiaui£g said that, if Horrissey ca-ne back to N'ewYork he would get cleaned out; aa he said so, DanielCunningham, tbe deceased, stepped up, and tappinghte it waa a bad bargain for her, and no injury but rather a pettoa to almost gone In some localities in Caarlestownbreast with his finger, said, "Not while I am about;"benefit to be released from itTheJury, alter being out 1-se than an hour, returned averiict for the plaintiff, damages 13,000. B. F . Thomas and Eltet Bulterd, for plaintiff, K H. Derby and D. & Richardson, for defendant.ferson barracks to Oil up the ooospsstos of the First toftwatertehawkedaboutatonedollarperbarrel,and cavalry,nowservingInthedepartmentofTexas.the Union place Hotel.C. P Hemmiagway.Eeq jOl Va'naraiso, and Madamcumstaaota of tbe death of a Mr. G. D. Noble, of the city of borne to hte chamber. Another ot th e aged members o says the Boston Trmrelltr, of tbe 4th inasaat, which wsstoNow York, which took place yeeterday morning, between thia* aad four o'clock,at Peter Emsrtohl European Hotel, s s Eleventh street sad Pennaylvania avenue, in this city. Itassents from lbs evidence adduced tbat tbs deceasedthis high tribunal is atao in a very enfeebled otmdlttoa.Freak Air o a Saaday. TOTHBEDITOROFTHtBttALD.tare bens tried for the ascend t me at Drdheav«£"•; day, for obtaining memev under false *«»£+} • £ • £ <rver to the next term o f the <**±£JZB^*Jr£Zi sire of her counsel to procurj de^Uons out^otuie »8b* was thsa arreete* by officer BBS>,B rtedbam.oaaoka, upon a requtetitenl of t hb es warrantor GsvernorlBanks. apoawbe tried tor forgery « New Governor of New York, to •"NEW YORK,MayT,1800.I would like to ask, through you, If t b s different rail bssssssgesf the tariff in order to rates re- tnm The testimony of Doctor Hoteten, who had beea roads which leave New York could not make some arstay at EmerlchS, under the nam* of Davte. In the room ariff would s a t exceed sixty milhoas. where heTteptamaa or hoy also slept to take care ofYork, and she te now Incustody,and win probably bo Friday—Clear amofelixirofopium. It ^J^^t^*,,^,^ "JS?tickets, l o b e good torSaturdayafternoonsa s dreturnay — — —/some testimony "owing " » » «•» deceased w a a anxiously desires, b ywhich, perhaps, does a bigger business taBne than any other road, aught to set thethe other roads would soon follow.There are a great number of poor men in thtecity wna,ba«»ng friends residing near by and laacoeaMbte by boats(whose charges are alwaystow),would take thmrfami-Ues to spend their Sundays fit the country If tt dM sot raaaw* to large aa outlay. »L . „nome,Messrr.railroad sssttemen, glv* thoPsMtoiachancetobreathaUttafreshaireaceaweak alaslightM.MOtr,J*<ktOm**l* +*ta question te said to beofivemorphia in large quantise*, i n * Mor day morning.Joy the coroner, ss found on theTbe New Haven road, which passes through a beauti- U i.— MdkJjf eafiwa/le* MM* mJWI IdhwM*. fal couttry, dotted with Bssfhiflooatbesides a f«Mwitih and chain,MATT.-J*OsifethT•/As PMmmf*mm mt ctheto New York, who are among the most *****of the rstotor; bat, by a 0tns of that city, and that they had ottered a far his discovery. l ^ ^ J P J K S ! a, butfailed to eostmunicate with such\ n A a TT—. sa|sss% nawfllaWl O H to be well understood. .»**"_ ""SJS S mgtbat Nobto w"tatoB*J*TM5biJ.writing, dallrorsdJJ *^'^"^^JTjUntitled Documentdepth of four tachea ta Sharon, latohfleld cotnty. Oaaa., and tb* thermenceter regteteredS8*.A Row BOAT FOR Lamas —A rowboat to bo used by todieshasbeeabuiltforHiesPorter'syoungladiesschoolAs the comet had a highast vtelble la tb* Carted Statesw a sformsneo o f each selection. PeopleW. H . Smith's laughable renderingMadame Aubry, must sat forget that her benefit occurson Friday evening, whoa they will have aa opportunity torepaybartakindforMMamuaemtntsheaflbrdstaSdofJune.SomepleasanteveningthelivercoloredTBSFntimWABBBW,OHIO—TheI.bytt*areThe piece was played tws coaseeutlve sights. Gougenheim is still playing at la s Museum, to crowdedw h o enjoyed M r s o f the character o falmost totally deprived of i extended over the body untilMr.MORKIS.(a.L.dem)of111.,gavenoticethatwhen playingatBuffalo. Mr.EdwinBoothwasatSt.Louisteat Folger, Meseitlon, do.,Joshua Spertag, Philadelphia. footofSouth8eveathstreetweretagreatlaager. Seve-the Territorial bills came up, be would move an amend- ment, giving the power to the people ot the organised Ter- ritories to elect all their own officers.Mr. CLARK, (dem.) ot Me, expressed his willingness to grant the Indulgence.Mr. Grow'a motion prevailed by a large majority.Mr BOTCXB, (S. opp ) of Va , voteo n o . saying that the Union Convention will meet on Wednesday, whichseemed to have beea Ignored by both the democratic a n d republican parties.Mr. GROW—I thought you'd get through In a day.Mr BOIKLBB—1 think I can assure you that it will b e a tarmontona convention.Fir*InSoatitBoetam.SOI'TH BceTosr, May 7, 1860.week.Fosnr.x—Mile. Picxilomini commenced her farewell performances at her Majesty s, on the 18th, in the "Tra- vtete." Tbe Chronicle, after reviewing her career, says —Even in America she created a brilliant sensation, aad was everywhere by tbe Yankees made the reigning godPennsylvania; William C. Wright, Low Rock, Wmooamn; ral of the ferry boats attempted to play streams of water Beary Z Curtis, Omaha, Nebraska; Stodman B. Camp- upon the fire, but were obliged to haul off> «id'<. MIsouthernbell, Toronto, Canada WestTWO HiXJJKXDABOFOBTTHOBSBSBOBSOTTBTHopBS.—The TroyAnna says, onedayteaweekana: exiraordinary trial of skill came oil between t w o bj smiths in Troy John McKmney challenged Patrick Ken nedy to compete wlih him In the number of home shoesinto the stream, for tear of catching fire. Ow- ing to the great •xsrttoaa ef tbe firemen tb* flame* were confined to the pramtoss ta which they broke out, s a d wore finally exUngutehed, with amah smaller loss than w a a a t firm anticipated Mimas Biaailtgt k On. estimate their loss at $6,000. They ware insured a*deta of the day. Rigid censors may look grave, and stormm well pointed phrases against tbe fatuity or the mob, to be made In t e n hours. McKlnney w a s assisted b y follows:—Mechanic*', o f Brooklyn, $1,600; Aertotie. e fand write columns on raise pretensions; but tbe wxp'ptdi helper John Heanessy, aad Kennedy by helper John New York, $2,6C0; Park, $3,000; -Etna, $2,600; Humboldt,$8,000; Excelsior. $2,£C0; New World, $2 600; Artiaaaa', $2,eC0. Thomas Berts a a d John O'Rourke, employea a t the distillery, fell from exhaustion. They were token to a boose near b y , and properly cared for. Tha is the fourth fire upon these premisesFOCMD DROWXBD.—Coroner M urphy held an inquestyesterday afternoon npen the body of an unknown manfound floating in the river at tha foot of Sooth Teethstreet, F. D. Tbe body waa much decomposed, aad could probably n o t b e identified. Derjeased was abowt five feet eight inches to height, and baa oa blue overalls, striped shirt aad cotton nesk handkerchief.TBB OBB Cmrr FKBKT.—The one cent ferry, from SouthFirst street, Williamsburg, to Catharine slip, New York,which was projected by Mr. Ltasky, commenced opera-HOBS yeeterday morning a t ate o'clock. The boats used are tbe J. Chase and C. P. Smith, which arefittedup with seats capable ot accommodating four hundred naaseagera. The only protection from the weather, however, toawa- top. They toft qui a regularly every ten minetea,up te nine o'clock, and averaged about three hundred passer. gers each trip. A'ter that time, tbe rush being over, th* boats were run teas frequently, until about are P.M. T b * time to run either way averages about eight minutes with the tide they run in about six minutes, pasting tbe South- Seventh and South Eighth street boats on tbe way. On these occasions the one centers were very exultant, cheer- tag testily, ana making other demonstrations of joy. The projectors think tbe one cent ferry will become a perma- nent institution.A NEW Boom STBABBB—Messrs. Sneeden ft Co, o fGreenpoint, have just laid the keel for a large steamboatfor the New Haven Steamboat Company,to run as a Bightte not to be despised, and criticism is not al rays Infallible. Deyle. During the day their places of business were ThotewhodiscoverlittleornomeritinMile.Plocolomini, crowdedbyalargenumberofpersons towitness thesesons of Vulcan at their work. A rope waa stretched around tbe forges, so aa to prevent the crowd from press- ing to near them, and also to give them as much air as pos- sible. Each one worked with a hearty goad will, a n d the horse shoes fell thick and fast rrom their anvils. A t the expiration of ten hours, Kennedy had mate twentyNew Orleans and Jackscn, the Mississippi Central, theMemphis and Charleston, and other connecting railroads,by which closer connections a r e made, and tbe annoy,anoe to travellers of lying over two or three hours at a time this fall, and will be completed in about a year. time at inconsiderable asd inconvenient points are avoid-ed. We observe, also, that more convenient hours for leaving and arriving te our city have been fixed upon.frost, the present will doubtless b e a n abundant fruit crop."dered a verdict of " Death by arsenic, which we.beUeve to have teen administered by deceased.'' M rs. Peteer was a native ol Germany, and wss forty six years of age.FATAL FAIX —Coroner Jackman held an Inquest at No. 43Perrystreet, on Sundayevening, upon the bodyof John Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years. whoARREST o r DAJosnons Cornitxrarrmm.—Two expertcounterfeiters, named George B. Graham and Phintas AFinch, have been arrested a t Elmira, N. Y ., for olroutetrng counterfeit tens on the Farmers a n d Manufacturer*Bank of Poufehkeepste, which were ao well executed that who died from tbe effects of arsenic, supposed to have the Chemung River Bank gave their own money for taOOof the counterfeit, without t h e slightest suspicion o f i t sreal character. The parties also operated largely Inbo-gus gold and silver note, and when arrested had passedoff about $3,000 worth of their spurious bills and specie.Dr. Graham, as h e sails himself, was once a physicianand druggist in Nee York, te an Englishman b y birth,well educated, showy in dress and polished in manners. all ber troubles. The jury, after d u e deliberation, ren-Peck's defalcation, as far aa the Commissioners could dte cover, amounted to something over $93,0x0 Tbe Com mtesioneis have oome to the conciusidn that the bonds men for i860 are not responsible for any deficit which oc cur red before Feck w a s duly qualified, b y giving bonds tbat year , aad that the bondsmen for 1858 were liable o p to the time of such qualification. Tbe amount of de flciency thus recovered is stated as follows—From the Mechanic's Bank, Portland, $1,100; rrom Neal !>>*. $8.ftC0; rrom the sureties o f $18»0, $37,000, being $7,000ceived te unknown. The inquest was aojourned over RXVKNCTNGSOFTHBFXBCV.—Onehundred guns were fire1 until to day in consequence of tbe non attendance of theWSATBR Aim CROPS or WiscoNsiK —The spring wheat in WMaonsln was sowed at the usual time, bat BOrain has fallen since the 1st of April, and the farmers are anxioaataken'there, h t e y yt"tim"e.a,heaitnf has been bad onthe request of Mrs. O * bondsman to be released as such.snd also on a petition for a writ of habeas corpus Ite'eimed on ber part that if forced to go out of the State bythe power of the execution, her bonds would be dtecharged. Tbe Court held tbat t h e matter of coukfbeavailedofbytbesuretyatanytime,andrights would be equally well protected without tbe pro oeedings asked for. By ar angement it w a s agreed that %t.J the defendant should remain at Roxbury under the Executive warrant, until appllsation could b e made to theCourt in Boston, if it was deemed advisable Supreme Court to Boston, if It was deemed adrteablA WRAEBANS—Thebanksof Memphis are now tog sB blito oa the bask of Lawrenceburg, tana.0 SnowwCosHBCTICTT.—Onthe29thalt snow tall toa educated and «^«^ ^^ht^rmtti^«r-WHT YOTBOJOB SarrnArrcBPT ro COMMIT Scicna —A man by the came ofof tho rash actlater $2*0, on conditio. * * ^ ^ J ^ P* * J* K ? _toSvedosstaardortosecurelasrewardto Tb*verdictoftheJurywwathatdeceasedhad e\»ei.se.andbeamu! £ th«t the child was under no dure** sad that I•.t waa Z £ . t teterests of the tefant to remain with Uthere- tpendent, and th* writ should bo dtecha'ged.to hte death by issssist onfosisdeuaauofsssMuiicsidses.s of optetas.fult130Iic wiil amply repay-1 on.wwwThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New YorkiedthsgtkethanassftheaMtopnb»>69onhistory.com 