mi!$;i*arf'^&5 '. .. t;ialt, eommanding a brigade of the Constitutional fnees. All the Constitutional forces under Uaioi,home to his peoplr:gnatSUtes of this Unioncmn guarantees of the Constltotionof the South is to be taken and Its surrender refusedMr. Gastesu. replied he did. He wanted no better by unfriendly legislation to be deprived of lull partici- evidence of Mr. Hasxis's Republicanism toan that b«confess tliat toe House had better not organise. If him a Republican, on toe same principle Mr. Gak-"one feature la that chaos of jourBalism" which !immigration;dark whiskers shaved back to thetoe jawlioues, and a general expression over the whole of rather a ilisnial temperament Often he looks as if mentally sick and sour—out o( sorts withIhe times, and in a very despairing' condition about our national experiment of stlf-goverument Tnose who have ever seen Judge SrinsBLASB, of your City, on the Bench, will have a pretty correct picture ofrepel the idle and disorderly.ExtenslTc HobbeiT'Fa.ASKPo«T, Tuesday, Jan. 10.Mr. C. A. of the WHiTnrRS, SuperintendentCovington and Lexington Railroad, had his overcoat stolen from the Capitol House, last iiigli» It con- tained six drafts for $5,000 eacli.Boston Items.!>/YOL. XK—Na 2502. CONGRESS.The lasflien Pngiuuiieoii the Territorial fi^tlM lUMueed ¥y Senator Gwin.trnmaHmrf SfCMhM of Meam. OartreU ma4 VUskmmm im tke Honse.RW8 IBOH THC DEPIBTUSNTS.t^Mial Sii^ateli to tl>« KrvTork Timta. WiamnoMli, Taeiday, Jan 10.n« Sanata waa addieaaed to-daj by Hr. 6iUDC5, k np)7 U> Mr. Piaa, and the Impresdon prevatled •at he mold null Bcoatot Docoua. This drew a<Mwd to the gaOeiica, aa It waa imdentood Hr. Deuaaia woold ttiike back. It proved, however, to fee a Mlatake, aa Mr. Game eoofined himself strictly to Ua aigVDCBt, referring to Hr. DoDsus only so far aa McltiBiate debate jiutUled. During Hr. Guax's apeech Hr. Docai^a moved ahoat the Chamber, ap- funaitf lodlArent to what was paaaing. Several thMa ke went out In answer to cards sent blm, and ftaq«a«<ly was engaged In earnest eonvetsatlon with kfabratter Senators.Hr. Ganxii oiged that Popinlar Sovereignty sboold ba laftto tha Cooits, and that difference* In the Dem- •craSe Party ongbt to be healed. He said he woold •Ota far lodge Doosus, if he shoald be nominated at Ckailestoa, thonsh he would not indorse bis opin- laia. Hr. Gasax will conclude his rematlcs to- amiuw, in the line of argmaent already marked oat.NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY M, 1880.ri^1. FaouDia, of Virginia, for the French mission, which was sent in by the President to-day, was not aetodon. «-Advtoes fnm Honterer, Hatamoras and other pla' •aa to Northern Hexico have been received. Gen. ZsAsCA and t*.""**" were about to start at the bead «f the Liberal troops from Nuevo Leon towards theonly tlueatened, but boldly, dartogly and wiiliully as-would vote for toe admission of Kansas, notwltostaud-the bill. ing EnglishMr. Gabtssil—That Is dt hort toe record. My posi- tion shall be fully knowi, some other time. He main- tatoed toat toe States have a rlglfl to retire peaceablyhazel-gray eyes, voluptuous^togly indorsed Hxri'^sbook could be regarded as a c}nica], and on Ihe whole an expression of mingled alleged to be a constitutional ground. Tbe Claik ra^totertor.Gen. Caxtjuu. left Hatamoras on the 19thfrem toe Union any time tion.mlttee, SaxEMAiT"but as sixty-five Republican Senators and is called the Code"Hoaglass, (Am.,) it is the universal feel- Doorkeeper. The Americans voted wito toe Demo-and Casvuax are to be concentrated in the vicinity of San Luis Fotosi, for the purpose ofretaking it.The Hexican Treaty will not be reported from tieCommittee on Foreign Affairs for some days, as the Committee liave called for all the correspondence arith Hexico, which will be ordered to be printed.tell them, that a of a law-abiding, pat- representativeriotic Soutoem constituency declares that if the prin-The KcBtuclty Dcmocmtic State CaBTaatiaB. FnArrEraST, Ky., Tuesdayv Jan. 10.OtMiM, SuAsDAdoned without a struggle— trous.The War Department is preparing for effective op-•ntlons in the Spring against the Indians, who are South, he said, claimed that Congress has no BOW committing depredations on the Santa Fi m&il power over Slavery to the States, Terriujdesimte. CoL Suicisa'B command will furnish the farces. CoL JoHBgoa'a Utah command is to be or- dered into Arizona in the Spring.live coincides in the opinion expressed by Mr. Gaa- was put to nomination at the solicitation of Judgewhich are of toe.^ost stringent and serious nature. Under ibcie facts, the disciples of weapon-law utterly condemn Mr. tlEow, and even m^nyof liisownfriendstoe choice of Kentucky, as toe nomiiiee for the Pres- idency by toe Chariesion Convention. Tne report also todorses toe Bccbasah Admtoistration andtake post at Tort Cobb, Indian country, to relieve Assistamt-Sorgeon C. F. Auxuissa.First Lieutenant T, A. WAsm^iOTOX, Adjutant of the First Regiment of Infantry, is ordered to take charge of the regimental records at San Antonio, antllthe return thither of Major Hzimzauiui, now 'Commanding at Camp Verde.Hajor UcDowiu, Assistant-Adjutant-General, ts to be assigned to duty in, the Department of Texas, and wUl leave here in a few days. Q.[noil iBi upousa or thi lasocunn raisa.] WsSBiasTO!!, Tuesday, Jan. 10.the expansion and per]>etuatlon of Slavery, and toat the otamtenance of toe Con«tilution at all cost and This morning there arc rumors toat llAt«iLTos will The second ballot is over, and still Mr. Gaethell toe application to Congress for legislation to favor of toe Souto has a right to go with tocir slaves into all every hazard. The Vnioa must and will be mato- be elected to-uay— but while all toe galleries say so, has to gulp down.his bubbltog eloijuence, a third vote Slavery. ^The City CouDcil, apprehending that legiaiation unanimously maln'aincd toat pro}>erty to slaves wasJona B. C-uuB. of HissonrI, Is a large-boned, tall, toe Cousiitution. The ItepubUr^as ate against the ttOoi>, aad toe Clerk having recited lust Saturday's and well-built man, wito thick dark hair of theguaranteed full and ample protection to all ^oe Ter- ritories of tJie Union. He quoted from various legal decisions on toe subject of Slavery, to support of his views, and argued toat even it toe Courts should re fuse to aUord prompt remedies, then It would be the duty of Congress to afford ancpie protection for Slavery m the Territories by lull and cemple'.e Cou- gretsional legislation.A RzFDBucAM Mrimra—Are tRofe toe sentiments of The Senate confirmed .ill pending appointments. the Cincinnati platform ?Union because ihey nre ag-iiitst the i^onsutution. He proceedings in due form,Lccii;iiJ. Gabtebll. of Geor- straight kind, a large square face, deeply channeled asked Mr. Hicebak whether, if tuc ilepublican Party gia, rose and obtilntd the floor; but l.nally gave way and engravel. dark eyes of the common calibre, setla the Slave Mates agidnst &«« negroes would have the effect of increasing the numtier of that class in IVaslilngton, took initiatory measures to prevent suchbut recent authotitative exposition of the City Charter shows that it gives no power of prolii- httion, and that legislation on that subject must be confined to presciibing in advance such reasonable terms and conditions of residence as may tend toBostoB Basht StateauBt*BcsToii, Tuesday, Jan. 10,If the Territories could not be trusted he was to favor of revolting all their powers.luaproperty.The subject was postponed, without Mr. Ckuk's trine of intervention for the protection of Slavery.has an lubienisbed npulatkm. He offered a resoln- much per UnewlUflie awaMMpa^ ftr'thalr raiinladjourned.^There are of eonne limits. It la felt, which no g«D.'^^^^^^HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.WASBnaTOS, Tuesday, Jan. 10.be denied utterly, unconditionally and unqualifiedly, vote three tiaas to saeceaskn \ and toat II any mem- tieble pilcettoe right of toe people of any Territory, by unfriendly legislation or taxation, or to any otoer way, to de- prive toe South of their right to property to toe Ter-Hr. GABTazLi., of Georgia, (Dem.,) said that ritories, which have no attributes of sovereignty.;happtoess, and ahooid be regarded as <'no blame could attech to the Democrats fornon-organization. The scenes enacted here arebut the beginning of the " irrepressible coniUct"Mr. Hasxis wished to know If toat is to be Inserted as a new plank' at toe Charleston Convention.eollesgue,(Mr. Stokxs,) ad commented to disapproba-poBdents confine tbemsetrestoBBrrations of fact, aikdof which they heard so much—a conflict be- present toere, provided you come as a Democrat, but.; If tliey are to be denied tlie soi.jMr. Haskin toougbt Hr. GAaTsiLi's judgment upon This, he salJ, was dalMUve, and not aggressive, tie pubUc qaestioBB before the eountryT This is ^y :ments of toe Slave States are but organized baads of toleves and robbers, living by plocder and^jiraey ob toe avails of unpaid toll. And finally, it fe toe duty ofthose whom you represent, to t)eware toe dangerous U[ion i».to place his to toe same Law- the Senate the foUowtog were the opponent gallery.groundonwhichyoustand. TheSouthmu'ithave—their full measure of Constitutional rights nothingMr. KiiTT, of Souto Carolina, (Dem.,) occupytog a position outside of any party, e>plalne<l how it was toat a man voting for the Republican nomtoee toere-by became a Republican.Mr. An&An, of New-Jersey, (Anti-Lecomp. Dem.,)fortheirseveralsrganizaUaoe.TheConferenceCom-onelieeiaaw):C.I,,C. Essex, President; C<d. RaStibit, dfTheyears ofwito a full ovalWn. H. Vax Bar- NoBTBwiox,<ifsailed by thetoe solemn truto, disagreeable as it might be to his constituente, and to tiiose of many others, tha: if th'speaceably if they canA MtKGU—What is toat ?I say this and I want him to send ItRepublican Party.fit candidate for toeall toe motions made on toe subject,continues toe of the South wi J t>e peopleMr. A. H. Pattxbsok, of Monmonto, was elected Speaker, and D. D. Blacvxu, of Essex, Cleik. They tog deuurciatioB of toat gentleman's proposition. britobility, and his voice betog of toat unruflled tex- are Democrats. E. A. AcTOic, (Am.,) was electedaggressioncompelled by every principle of jufc'.iie, honor and self-pieservatlon, to disrupt every tie of the Union—souri, and is cert^hily an Improvement on the sweep-If finally adopted by toe adjourned Conference C-am- ture which seldom is called to endure toe strain of Engrossing Clerk Wa. H.must. Mr.GAaxaiii—The gentleman asks me to repeat that.iif forcibly theyit wili of course have a and Jobs G. tendency totojure pa.ssion. As to tbe merits of the case, so far as what Engrossing Clerk,Party be carried toto effect, and if your assaults and tosuits upon our rights ami our honor, do not cease, we, too people of tbt- South will be compelled, by every principle of honor of equality and of self-preservation, to dissolve every tie which binds us to toe Union,Wilsos,The Democratic State Convention metof thepeaceably if we can, forcibly if we must.ciplesRepublicandisunion at every sacrifice. He had said toe North nave eight ten millions of freemen. Wito all the arts and indus-yester-Every County was fully represented. The foUowtog delegates were elected to toe Charleston Conven-Messrs. R. K. Williams, 6. A. Joha Caldwell,Tneor to tiie District of Columbia, that toe CoDstiiutionand Boto mdorse tbe Dred mtoority reportapplausefrom the Democraticbenches.)Scotttoat Slave States shall be admitted into the Union to future as to toe past? toat justice to toeSlave I.aw;toough constitotionally put tottic Presidential chair, his first vote reaching to tt) under these circum- toink him not wise to court furthertoe territories of toe T>iiited States ; and when there to be as folly protected to the enjoyment of tociras the Northern man Is protected with his sonal property, and that none if the territories nowtained.Mr. Gastsbu, replied toat this singing songs to theno working politician on the door can give figures which will produce tois result it is true toat on last Saturday Jetcs R. Uiaas and John G. Davis voted for him. but IIosACE F. Chex and GAr.vzTT B. AbSAitrbeing moved by tlie relentless Wisslow. who, toFire fa DancBaaea, FeaBa DSSTECCIIOX Oy A LABOX NAIL FACTOET.DcscASKOK, Penn., Tuesday, Jan. 10.rightsper-Union Hss been stereotyped,the claquers in toe spoils.; if the property ;him was unfair. He had said be agreed wito neither was applaaded by tha Bontbern men. Adjourned.pation in the common territories belonging to the voted for Mr. SaxsuAif.you Republicans, be said, are determtoed to conttoucTKKLL must tie an American.Mr. GAETaxu, replied toat as toit opiidon had al-abseiWa turtnight,of Repnseaiatlvea ia iBBcb the aatne suSs as it stood on Christmas Eve—wito toe differeaee, perhaps, thatMessrs. Beajicb and Gkow, is now" quietly tourned,and nothtog is left but for the on both sides partisansto write toelr various epitaphs over the stUl-baat;OrgBBlsailaB of the liCSialatBTe af New- Jeraey.-Taxacji;^ T'{tejday, Jan. 10. Both Houses of the LegisUt^a;^ or^nized. Ii^will enforce toe demand to be;else will do.treated as political equals—otherwise the Union will be divided mto as many parts as there are stars on the National banner. He proceeded to show first, whatbeen believed. Gov. Dsmi80!i could nothave reeehredthan on tod- own dtoorttta. When Ur. Cukax>Btoe questioB then eomai <V>^Wl eoiieqpgadents fiveof the public domain ; and on the same principleSlavery is entitled to protection to the Territories,whichareapartoftheactualdomain.Hewould Mr.HabxhisaidbewasnotOnthecontrary,he readytoansirerfiauUj,aataxprcBShisopinionof toeIhnltsofdecoraai;Ol'tNBtMrdlettmaryofad-K1¥B B¥ 1BLE6BAPE .&atl>ns«BTrOM*nKl«B la BaCaM.five hundred votes to his district.resohitkm abaU- be withdrasra, Hr. Sbxexab wiU bedif eiiarse, wlUiln their actual laqtreiaiaas BlaMUf—Hr. GAaraxil If want to know what tion on the coane of tKb South Americans, and de- replied— youvola ofnot boto toe duty and interest of members to aid themand be to taleaae ^ihaif^ compelledwe will do you can make your arrangemente to befended the DciBscrats kom toe charge of section-toe Republicans nor Southern men as to tlie preven'Ml OarWasMiMMKOaalaspaadeBcc.Cabltu bo frequently deplores, and which the spirit oftheagedemandstohaveorganizedandplacedon SenatorsandRepresentoUvesfromtlonor ofSlaveryinthe Territories. He protectionTBI Hocei noM baluut—tbb aotrrBCBSwanted to know if Mr. CuTasix did not vote for Mav-—CACCC8—IBB TOia fob HAJdUtOa PBIVI- nent here at present, and toese remarks are torown measures the foundation of a Nortliem Coaiader-on our; if yon are determinedthat tills conflict shall come, then I warn you anJ toe time of the country to ezpendtog furtoer time more obstbate l&tbe resolve to daaaand supreaiaey already appeared in your columns, it will be only fairyo«r aggressions, as yon propose to do, If you will not stay your handrights;The Senate confirmed toniay a large number of on-lB|iortaBt nominations. Tha nomination of Hon. C. rights the Southern people enjoy as to Slsvery ; second true to toe Union, and would not peroilt it to be dis- mains lbs RepobllcsB MniUdate ; and a sort of half- a complexion indicating good habits and robust healto: JoBMOH, of Padijtic, from betog sworn, on the groaaiHe would announce cordtog to the forms of the Constitution.Mr. HAtan wished to know whetoer Mr. GAaraxu[Vigurou;*stitution and Uuibn than toe South could raise by con'determinaliun In the North, topreventwould enlist under the banner of toe Con- voluntarilyconsider full and friendshipmade dnring the recess of Congress, and ex-Senator Bxassi as Marshal of the Northern District of lUi- aois.'Hr. Gamrs'e nomination as Consul to Havre is not definitely acted upon. . >-The bill introduced by SenatorGwi5, yesterday, pro- viding for the territorial government of Nevada, is the same as that reported in the last House of Represen- tativet.The United States Agricultural Society will eom- mence their eighth annual meeting tomorrow in the Bmllhsonian Institntion.SENATE.Washuqtok, Tuesday, Jan. 10.The attendance was full.Several memorials and petitions were presented.Hr. JoHSBOX, of Arkansas, (Dem.,) presented a pe- ammunition in nlnetv dayelhan the South can bay,It more important that they should estabUsn a rule to appear no enthusiasm to hear him, but neither is which give a basis to modem beauty. and elected R. J. Houizhax, and Gxoeob Bovbas del- ner of the Constitution and the Union than toe South govern toe House to the future. T.here cbuld be there any sign uf prayer toat toe bitterness of this cup Meantime, before.closing this letter, it may be men- egates to the Stote Convention, wito instructions to Hr. Poen's reaointltm coming up, can raise by conscription. You need not congratu- nothing but evil from the spirit of this uetjate, the- ef- might pa>s away from toem. Th:it he has toe floor is tioned that— ail reports to the contrary, notwithstand- support toe Hon. Jacob Fst, of Montgomery County,Hr.OuBir,ofHisaouri,(Dem.,)sp^keuponthe lateyourselvesontoeideathattheNorthisdivide1 fectbetogtoalienatemembersonthisll<>or,ands<jw toevitable,andtoephilosophyofexperienceteaches ing—Vice-PresidentBaBCKiXEtnosis nowalmost forGovernor. _titton In fav» of the Homestead bill.and more men will enroll themselves under our ban-preposltlen to give the election of Territorial officersto the people, deaignattog it as revolutionary in char-acter. The doetriae of Popular Sovereignty, he said,was franght with danger from beginning to end.When the advocates of Popular Sovereignty were pressed.they said they did not mean Popular Sov-ereignty, but Territorial Sovereignty. He (Gssin) regretted that the subject had ever been introduced toestrange tliose who ought to be united against a com-mon foe, who was strikijag at the institutions of theSooth and endangering the existence of the Cot ern-Beat. They iboold liave first put the stiiu of state ona smooth sea, and then they could have sn- leries 1resignation.The roll-call betog ended, and previous to the ac-urdversaily regarded to the toner circles, as toe de- signe<^ successor (by tha Administration,) of our present beloved and illustrious President Mr. Bc-Tha Cortlaas IManrbeaeea, CnABUSTOS, Tuesday, Jan. 10.The Charleston Courier'* special New-OrleansUed minor points of difTsrCBCe amongst \bsw^'. *.-A>Tny. of Ohio (Rer-..' a'.siueJ t^*:" jieAvle-selves. But the had b««n subjectan abstraction. Mr.ginianSjiirn then felt sutilcicntly reestablished on the plal- foim of n.tiial right to undertake a lecture to toe Ke- Pv^rtcr." lu Thl.- ?-4llcry an the style in which, as (-utri- oil.: ),eii!i.eii, lijey slK>Mjii (.ui sii»- Ihcir c-iiliiig.Taes Jan 10. lay,brought forward by the Sector from lUlDoU, (Doooiis,) ia essay aft^r essay, and by the Senator from Ohio,trict, he would agree to slump ;t with Itlili fj:r:; a fair heartog in Georgia ?,ed in the President's last message—at that time nol and such friends of Ex-Secretery Gctueie pitusbCloils.heid*;rrn G. Wa^uisgto:* and Cn^ELZs Eeuss are 111 H stale of trepidation and excilement not easily toCbilicoths, Ohio,A decree has been issued for the sale of the; ^outhof a Slarer. isncxAK cosDUtrr of thi slaver's criw.1mostrespected last.-mercbaute of this city, died on Sun-Seott decision, and quoted from former speeches ofWhen did a Soutoein man, or any number of Souto-tracts reail from toe Helper book.Mr. EowAEDS that to a private conversation repliedbut that 01 rcpro<luclnR the temper which reigns to toe House, and toe peculiarities of toe various mem-chored. For three days the suspected vessel remamed toere. pretenoinglo uischarge plank and other eirgo. Ou Sunday forenoon, Sept. 2i, toe weatoer beingFfaiUdelphia Stock Board. Philaselpbia', Tuesday, Jan. 10.Hr. DotiGLis, to show the pf his inconsistencyEcho an-emIwiiUon. In 163« it waacandidly admitted by the Demo- swered. When 7 tLauj^hter.)aTerritoryhadnoSDverelgnty,andtliiit C.mgress trines.to .Mr. Hocmob he rimtir'oed ofhimself f) cent premium ;had the power to insStute Terrltoriiilmen werea certain circulation. TheseM sight JOSi ^said that the firstular Sovereignty was to the case of California.applicationof the principle ofPop-I must do it." This wasproposingof toe brigantine, and came up wito her at 10 A. M.,Bacon, !)gnmad that the right to hold slaves asBtloBsl, and the prohibiUon of Slavery local. me.fionned snd had been p-ohtbit«d since the acts of byan!political class to every district who will read a racy ability, andAfricans. The vessel was found to contato SOOsIaves, of much totellectaal ^^ ^^a United States ship was acWnowlelgel to be perfect Maietapltte, on the piincipie that the vtssel la a putvotes.ABOTBU Mwna, from Cltl}, saM—Ifa sbrup. from toe full repori, or still dryer ''skeleton,"to Sierra Leone, with tbe slaves all healtoy, for ad- judication to tbe Prise Court at that place.with ^a.razor. the presumed causs of toe actproiiertywasSlaveryexist«Itgrneral rule.everyrespectperfectdemons. Thesales;presentmen,combme for such anypurposes?Slocks liuU. Pennsylvania State Fives, 92 ;of tlje Supreme Court. He as lo wished, therefore, these toe doctrme of Judge DucolasDred Scott decision accepted as the iiial settlement,ao tltat an agitating question could be removed fromCongress. He continued his argument to show tni»; was toe andand came up wito tier worktog off toe land, on a wind, at 10 P. M. No satisfactory answer being re-IMr. Gabteei.l said be regarded them as toe truedoctrines, andpreachmurder and rap'.nc. AVhe.i heMosTBBA]., Tuesday, Jan. 10, .\t a meetmg of Ward delegates, yesterday, Bm-bit that he was not here to plat- expoundbutto be Loped and believed, are much more jolly thandoctrine,forme. He would meet the gentleman on the stump.boto gentlemen, it is—cisely what I me:in: by that remark. I meant that thiseyes, a iituc uncertain in color. He has what may be called a medium likeness between two exceedingly dissimilar men—resembling, so to speak, nhat Hoeace Y. Clabk mi^ht be after aMr. IlicxMAN, of PennsylvaniaI wiili-statepre-prominentwhen the time shall come, If it shall come, when dis- solution of this Union shall be pcr$is:ed in by people of any States, or by people of many States of the South, there will be formed a: that time, at the North, a settled deteriuto^tion to prevent dissolution at allwoiUd lead one to suppose.peo; !e toere would be prepared to receive them, fortoigbt's total fast, and also what RocKa The third ballot bas just ended,'and thereupon the CnARLKS EiLis, Pre'sident of the Howard.Bsnkhas been ihe harpof a thousand strings for gentlemen, toat what I meant when I referred to toe IS mJliousMl . EDTVA5D5, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) alluded that of I'BvoE. but wito a less keen intellectualityusually thronged as toey have been, disgorge theirway Bank of Massachusetts, and on the Mecfaaoies' Bank of New-Haven, Conn.FeBBsylvBBiB Palitlea. HAEauscBQB, Pa., Tuesday, Jaa. It.of toe Norto was toisNorth, have eight-anil *adnothln.cr.Two hour=said to be aof moderatein his ownof theeen millions and all toe arts to assist us. We areaccomplishedlawyer:we,voting,celebritynursed to todustr}', and can make more arms andon toe matotainance of toe Union, for toere not a non- democratic representolive on this floor who co- tocides in toe optoion of toe gentleman from Georgia that toe election of a .Repu*)llcan, or any other man legally and constitutionally to the Presidential chair would, ipso facto, cause of dissolution of toe Union unless Nsrtoern men go to that extent, and say toe people back them In it. I am justified In say tog toat there is to-day an indivi- dual North in favor of toe Union and toe Constitu- tion., and toat at all costs and at every h'lzard, ** toe Viiion .must and shall be preserve.t.'' tVociferous applause on the Kepublicaij side, and to the i'ai-toe seeds of bittemess and tmfriendly feeUng, andmore toan this, reach toe whole length and breadto oftoe land, and toflame sectional agitation both Soutoand Nurto. Ai to Mr. Clash's resaiuUon,<declariu^ vious letter, rose to a personal explanation, and re- CBASAS himself is not in toe strict sense a candidatethat no man who recommended the eireuiatlon of the produced toe ghost of his Christmas egg-nogg. He but there might be circumstances of public ruin, m correspondentIt wui, ai: abstia^tion, ami therefore the Af^^^jd was predi- man from Georg* I thai if he w'.i,i* i-oma t.. li-. U!- cated on SHtiEiiAtt had exoner-gravely called upon(:a:rtff. initorsiiig Mr. Syira's sobriety, Mr. harmony between toat speech aucflhe views contain-a.-.i asked if he would recIproMte tliat olfer, and uive lu '.ate-i hi.;ivei: trom tlic senttnu u s.Mr. GAXTkili-CertainlH wouldbut I shall haveTjiirty-fou.-tliIjeai-jeajed. 'I'jiiie;;.ofchaige havingiudoraod *.i.Mritorial Legislatore, nor did he do so in his Freeport He would ask no guarantees, and claim none. the election ol a Speaker, condem.iIjig Uie repeal of charged many of lliem, and made no specific excen-apeech, when be was hard pressed by his able ad- Mr. SiASTos had read of acts towards Northern theMissouii restricliuu, and asserting toat it ought tlsns— with a desire to place the House of Repre,versary but in ills Harpert'-Magazine article, lie had men at the which looked a little like ducour- to be reestablished. This resolution was forced ou sentatives in a ridiculous light before the country ;ed at 2^ I', M.. and this letter must close.DeathafaMerchant. Alssaxdua, Va., Taeeday, Jan lO.Ur. WiLLiAX FowLi, one of the oldest andMr. Garikzii, iu the course of his reply, said when Jlr. 1]ickma:i and his Iricnds come to the South toewho wish tbcm well, an<i seem to findcompendium of Hxlpzr's book is fit to be Speaker, he-which his patriotism would com* to his aid, and en-Iwith toe gentleman he might say what he would or bers'as necessary points in attaching proper weight toick and squally, the briganttoe left Whydah, and RcadinK Railroad, 19,'4 ;crats that there was a dllTerence of opinion beta eea Mr. HiBxni, of New-\ ork, ( An'.i-Lecompton Deal.,) would not do, but as a memSier here he would not to toeir optoions.-iA/r duty Is one very difficult, and ran to leeward. Desiring not to lose sight of her toe Island Railroad, IilM ; Pennsylvania Railroad, 3754.the sections, but all agreed to abWe by the decision during ills speech, asked Mr. GAatiixLl. whe.ner, if respond to the interrugat>,r>'. requiring not only large experience, but also much t'pit/ife steamed in toe same direction toat afternoon, Exchanges on New-York par w 1-10 ?i cent, preSlaveryMr. Cabiesil wished to know whe'.'.icr Mr. HisKis a gentleman who to Ids heart enlertatos sentimeuts tain newspaper conespondrnte mcach State;COTTOK Sales to-day, C,560bales. Arabia'schani]iiwnexpounderMr.EnwABBSreplied,saytogillsc-iuslituentsknew whocon-.ehereastheaccreditedrepresentativesviews. Into[>ethesuspectedvessel. Theboardingofficersre-andwith butnotquolsblylower. "SteritogExchanger»7itturned aiipareiiily satitfied wito tlte result, wltb bills of ladtog attached, 6^This Is anSpeakership. amendment by theword "knowingly"courtesy and nerve, very pleasant and sedate to look upon. Extremely cordial but firm in manner, be Is about toe last man onewould Imagtoe mixedup to a per-—hisfused to allowand swore to Mr. JoBssotv, under protest"»jecUves be wholly oaopUW ptm theaeOf an orna- mental, compUmsatary aaefW^dabanlB eharaeter ? If toe latter horn of this illlwaaia be adopted, howAn Anti-Slayery Comroition is now in i eonclnding his remarks, until tomorrow, and the Hr. Gaxtsxu replied, toat was a judicial question tlon that, after to-day, until th^ deotlon of a Speaker, freSco-work-mosaicpnffery aaauMk8Stietfa]l,aDd^ iafbls dty. Paana Ruasnav, BubakB,Senate went into Executive Session, after which it for toe Courts. So far as his opiidon went, however, the House wiU prseaad to vote at one o'clock, and trehle-|ilt wito amber rose«olor«d ltTi«'"°""''S a A. U. Povni, aad other leading AboUtiaais|k^«>a laa5k no more protection for Slavery than for anv otherwas an antagonist to the Republican doctrine of in- tervention to toe Territories for toe prevention of Slavery, as he was to toe new-fangled Southern doc-toe book. y-'Hr. Edvaebs resumed. He would not give Ills sup-port to any man OBleia he stands clear of crime, aad— -atttndaoce. The lasolntioas are cbaradprlstle, em-piracy, adultery, 'murdei^i^ jections toterposed on tha Demoeratte side. used to injore or wooad thofetitaigs of any man who whatever slse Is Impmn, unholy aad aceoned. 8Ibt»^ Mr. Wiisai, of TennoaKe, (Dem.,) replied to his stands on toe loor of Coatraaa ; bat while cwras- holders have no right to life, liberty, or the paiaaKofber bas pocaeailon of the eoor, he shall surrender it for that purpose.American Slavery Is the sma of sU vlllanles, a combination of aR eratiUesbraetog the foUowlag IdeasCries of " Good" from the Republican side, and ob- acters. No private knowledge shoald be maliciously snd crimes, robbery "of dlsnaioa tween apposing forces — a conflict between the If yoti come as a Republican we will simply rale yon Mr. LiAiB, doriac laaM explanations, clamed result of casual error, and give such Information as i from the Souto sboold have beoi hailed with North and South. If war (s to oe waged on fifteen out [Laughter.] that Virgtola has tha Tl|kt to secede from toe Uuicn. msy best conduce to plactog the true condition of all joy by all toe friends of the enslaved. The Gorein--Non-SlasehMdtog but it Is a feature made very promi- States to return to toeir csnstitoencies, and take>—people of the United States, he for one was free to Mr. Hasxo said If voting for Mr. Sdsihah made After an <M a I find the House That nine days' wonder, the difiiculty between The Convention will toen adjoom.\lf the principles of toe Republican Party are stiU tol>e matotained and their purposes accomplished ; if XAXD and BonLxa forthe South by Congressional or other contrivance are Speaker.r9ta better foottogon the resolution of Joini R. Clabr, of .Mis- origtoalwitoout condition or restric-Mr. lIicxnAK, of Penns>IvaTla» (Anti-Lecomp. Representatives are all passengers to the same txiat ing here, among toe disciples of weapon-law, that crats, and for this received toe miifbt offices.Dem..) explained his former remarks. II the time it can hardly be expected that toe present and past Mr. BsAKCH stands sound on the record, and that Mr. ever comes when disunion is per.'nsted ia by toe people Republican candiaaie for Speaker will be atrnn- Gbcw has not toed the mark. When challenged un-cf any or many Slates, there will b^ found a settled;reaches,decision.vided North. What NorthemDemocritlc RoprcienU- here. Is all uf the Anti-Lecompton complexion. He against street-assault in the District of Columbia, The majority report declares that Jabss GrrrnEis isseemeil to congratulate toemselves toat there is a di- as yet but what little he has toat has reached us ;guaranteed toe faitofui execution of the Fugitive TEBLL, that toe election of a Republican President, IiOL'GLAB, who was u[ion the floor last Saturday and ;publicity. Such toe mtoority report declares for Judge DorcLAS ts ipsofacto cause of secession. If this was demand- stances, is a iiit^t wito oignificance which caimut be Is ore side of toe story, and no other side to it hasAsaiatant-Surgeon BiCHAsn Potts is ordered to master and humanity to toe slave imperioiisly require ed, he said there was an undivided North in favor of overlooked. yet reached me. and Popular Sovereignty doctrines, and deprecatestoemacquired, or hereafter to be acquired, shall be de- You may clap wriile your liberties are tieiog swept again cast away their votes on John II. rEvxoLns, ofvoted exclusively to free laiior. At the formation of the Federal Con.^titution, Slavery existed !u all the States except one, and it was inten/Ied by toe Con- stitution toat slave-property should be protected by the Government like other chatte: property. Without such an understanding toe Union could not have been formed and be mstotatoed, and toe Southern peopleThegeutle- Albany. The Conference Committee yesterday al-and It is now clear toe debate, toatGeorgian delegateand conducted by Messrs. Fisbzb, Mobgajv & Co., of Philadelphia, at Duncarnon, fifteen miles above Harrisbtirgh, was de- stroyed by fire last night The mato buildtog, con- tainmg sixty machtoes, is a total wreck, and toreaj^alteries applaudonlyTbe extensive naii owned factory;ivi it) by a sectional party. [Applause.]andfor the sake of thequestion,"will have to cork down hisnt an from Pennsylvania ba-l artued insait to injury tered nothing probably leaving all toc-jiarticipants to moirow. There has been no tilk yet as to the pro-—v\ nen t'e said the Norto have eighteen millions of more " sot Ib toeir wa)S."as Deacon Hemphill usedrhetoric untilpeople, and can makemore arnis ineffervescingposed amendment to Missouri Clabe's original pro-position against the todorscrs of toe Impending Crisis;ana while toe tellers call toe yeas and nays, Mr. lose is about Clakk may as well be etehed.than one cotton in Georgia would buy Ihe w hvle of Pennsylvania. tLauKhter and applause.] He was for the Uidon witoofimper-itent sinners; and without toe votesr.iuety days buy. Why, proc«!edsofto sayhundred are personsof employownt Thathe Sou'h can the cropof the»e two Anti men, it would be hard Lecoiuptontothrownoutfully covered by Insur- watar-wheds, daai aadcypherout how lUiiaTo.v can be.iselated.The clergyman of the day having read prayers atance intoe Pennsylvaala Rallraad Bridge are all saA..-u-jcettl in electing a sectional Fresioent,. and secured a majority in tloto Houses, and they aoolish Slavery in ti:c District of ColumblB, abolish toe Slave-trade betv^fen ibe States, probluit the introduction of Sla- very' ii) the Territories, and preveut toe admission of aay Slave State into tiie Union, and toe South to con- seq'jtnce of these things secedes from the Confedera-cy, would you be willing to head a Nortoem regiment against the South, or to ailvise coercion ?.Mr. IIicDiAX replied that he believed toe proper place to redress all grievances, whetiier real or im- af^inary. was in, n.it outside, toe Union. He tooughtwas the forum for the South. e5;ieclailylivery plowshare would be beaten into a sword, and A. Peiob migbt become after four or five House adjourns without a single speech. The mem- of this city, Oied yesterdair, at hlB residence to Rox- even ihe negroes would put to flight the Nortoem montos feeding on English roast beef and London bers seize their coats and rush out like a' packof bury,to a inotiin made by Warben Wissi.ow for^ Immedi- ate call of tlie roll and vote for Spealier, Mr. Wins- low be Injt in sole command on toe Democratic side to-day. in con«e<]uence of Joh.s Cocueane's iltoess.Mr. GABrBiLL. who sits uneaiilv on his sofa while toe roll is being caljcd, as If toe speech within him were fermenting. Is a youngish, full-faced man of about middle height, wito long brown hair, shaved and florid cheeks, a forenead very full and rouud, butwilhout traces of distinction, a nose, small any sharpmouth, with pouting iips. well-arched eyebrows andunder a rather striking frontal-ridge of the perceptiveCapital StockLoLus an J Discounts SpecieDue from otoer Banks Due to other Banks DenositsCirculation$35,031,700 CO.lMl.OCO 4,51«,0<7,152.0007,52-1,000 IS.taW.OOO 7,t8s,roOmean in mercenaries. Tbey scorn your Interference, and stout. The features are toose of Claee, but less b released for toe from the school-boy just daycostandateverysacrifice. ThaiIswhatItoe first place i aiid I wiU say further, for I find tois scout yoa as Abolitionists. rounded and more calm ; the expression is somewhat of some exacltog pedagogue. The galleries, too, un- In tois city, for passtog counterfeit fives on tlie Con-to toe fact toat they had been m'lre than five weeksshining out torough its ltoeament8.^Mr. Gabteeix isand toe staircases of colored and variegated marbles be- to-day had been occupied by Mr. GaBi-iili. lie wa-^ State, and to toe circumstance toat he has toe floor come a species of cabool-pass, m which contending sati-fi-id toat if tliey should proceed to v.teto-day it and designs to bpeak, toe old members on buto sides currents of moire antiques and embroidered silluwould not result In an election. Therefore he thou-|bt of toe Honse appear serenely resigned There would aie bent on testing tbe endurance of toose hoops Tlie Democratic County Convention met to-day,tual vote, Wm. .Sbitb, of Virginia, described to a pre- wished It to be understeod—as todeed everybody who;>that Oor. HoceiO!! has appototed two Commissioners to procead to Biownsvllie and ihvestigate the origto of too Cor-knows him is aware—for DO member has a right to ask questions on a reso- ate man ; and toat, though he may sip a glass of rgg- of teucinination. But the contingency under tinas disturbances. ^^^^^^thought its introduction unnecessary and offensive,toat he is habitually a temper-able liim to bear ,toe honor and onerous dutiesIlution of tots character. nogg when sent to him by a lady, as was toe histori- which this sacrifice could legitimately be de- manded not tteiug immediately obvious, Mr. B. Mr. LxAxx wanted to know whetoer tmr man who cal alcoholic compound in que* tlon, yet toat as a is tmder toe conviction that toe next best thingAlabana ElectloB. MosTGOtaar, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 10.m thefit to be Speaker ; Southern gentlemen toought liis bas not tasted a social glass of Monongahcla and second to command—toe Vice-President It is said, islature is going on. Woods (Soutoem Rights Oppo-todorsed a book counselingviolence and murder wasgeneralrule he never touchesspiritous liquors,and he can do is to the fortunes of his promotetoe fiist step towards a dis^iuUuuMr. EowAans condemned that resolution.^ Mr. llOLSTO.s, of Aiabarna, (Dcni.,) ii.it.iitteei to it.ctMitriclta and Ctocinuati Railroad, for toe benefit of(Peoa,) to a laboredha met, tip to the close of the last session, Mr.DOBOUa<tldBotcontendforthesovereigntyofaTer- toputyouuponyourgoodbehavior. [Laughter.i Congress,areioltitiaBwasinUpducedprcUmimryto "Mr.Syjiiicharjedil.ercp".itersasuboly—atleast twominutesofmailhour,theHousehavingadjourn-speech,and thequestionhad to—time—lime wiilscllleaiiu'to mat, tliis issue must be left it is now witointbe third-mortgage tiondholders.•fact toat at the coinmeiicement 01 ti:t:alltaiugs,whereas, according to Mr. SKiiu's notions of journal-thelegislationonthesubject,reviewedtheOred ticrelationsthere—coteventoeirfree-lovesocieiJes. andproscriptionwiiichwereIndicatedtotheex- inCongrejs,whichIschieflyamechanicallabor- whichplaceherMajesty'sshipS;;ir^«likewisean-powerfor aas isHr. Gaixif then pro-toe House for Speaker.Territorypoa-tesy. [Laughter.]Mr. Gabtsxi-i said he would bear r>f o'.hers as longby" mem- lalior to present toedayas toey conltoucd to send men to circulate tocenJiaryMr, Claek, of New- York, (Anti-Lecompton Dein.,) asked Mr. Emvaeds whetoer he would, under anyIsm, we up here shouldbers in the best possible aspect" Novi-, on tois point, and as a party m tolerckt, it may be proper to say aOn the 22d September, as H. M. 8. Spitfire was steaming to windward, abrigantine, suspected of be- ing cugoged to toe slave-trade, was met off Aghway,'III'^Politics at Blantrcal.toe Republican friends of the candidateul tuc Unlou.made by BBzcuxBiiias at It'rankfort was de- signed as the first overt intimation of this grand and really magnificent [lOlicy. People piint to the curiousBlalmed the sameaessed- by a sovereign State.ceeded to show that the acta of a Territory are sub-ject to the supervtsioc of Congress, and consequentlythat It possessed no sovereignty, but derired ail its came among tocm he must not disturb their peace. circumstances, vote for a candidate for Speaker who few words.powers l^om Congress. He went into a history of Southern men would not go North to disturb domes- entertained to his heart toe sentlmenln of Intolerance The task of rcporttog—not tlie mere words let fall wards anchored ai VVhydah. a noted slave depot, at jAMi.N Ilouizs was nommated for toe Mayoralty.the act of mdorscment was [letter faciiilles than are at afforded to toe and Lieut. Cu iimas, having ascertatoed that she was mium. present not aiiche^«l at Jackto, to w hich place toe briganttoebe aetei .Mr. CmaKissues about Squatter Sovereignty huiaed up. and the onto the terri'ories, he would therefore claim toe nototng more toan an act of reckless partisanship, Press. Let the next Speaker so arrange matters as was saKl to have been bound, proceeded in chase,toought,right to recede from the Union. but he wanted to know from Mr. EnwARt'S whether to give a certain number of seats on toe floor to cer-_Mailcets by Telesraph. Niw-OsLXAss, Tuesdky, Jan. 10.audleo( Kepj:.'licAn doc- of Intolerance and proscription ought to be Speaker ! toe men admitted to this privilege be only those turned «hen hailed, she was boarded, and proved news unsettled toe market, rendertog prices easier,Governments Mr. Gaeibxil supposed th it Nortoeraand revise their acts. Ue read eitnii-ts to show tha; more sensiUvf on the sn^'jeot of polygamy t-an t^e that if any resolutions were introduced to the Tuiny- visions would probably Jo far to Improve the average as the masu-r of toe vessel. Notwithstanding allhisreplyjournals havingpro-toe account given by toe person representing«7 cent Exchange on ? premium.New-Y^rk,:the Senators from Oiiio and Illinois, (Picm and Doia- South, but when tliey i-.lassed Slavery witn that fourth Congress for govemtog the votes of members, of corresponden<^ from this city hehe said that he believed the Senator from Ohio hal mst be a/i.! 'ided -Ar.J and sentinienv as the book toculcatcs, he never nersof toe hall to the and left of the next morning that a vessel had shlpiieJ slaves there and unchanged ; white, '^•a'3c-i y^*, 78o.®80c,CiiAPHA.N'sintod, and tfaereitietog almost a calm, crime, he repelled It as an insult and an aggressim. he di- not 5ub.«cribe to such a proceeding. graphic reporters of the Globe aic already on the floor decided outleaming back to Jackto, to learn someLAS) had admitted the power of Congress over theTerritories. His speech was a close legal ar^mcnt if they dared assail thit institution, the South would Mr. Alonnis of Permsylvmla, (Indopcnden;) said if there certainly would appear no valid objictioa to particulars of her havtog been off that place, whichto sustato his posltloBS. In the course uf his reioarks defend It at every hazartl. Mr. SswAao had said he ha-i believed that Mr. ."-u^aaAa entertained >Jch tois tonovation on toe groimd of dignity, lu toe cor is a noted slave station. Ilaving ascertamed early vrhite at il suatl 45 ; red, $1 2Se$l SO. Coxa dullSlavery i abolished, ; you Helperright ampleClerk^s , Messto iijicrfere d.- would have voted for him. It w:is because he knew chair, there would berectly after toe manner of John Daow.f. Senator ,Mr. SniEHAN regarded wito the utmost horror en- closures, capable of acconuuodailng fifteen or twenty Sept. ib. Lieut Cuapmah boarded to person, aud uot;PHn.Ahai.THiA, Tnesday, Jan. 10. Floub unchanged. Whbat steadv ; red, *1 35 token. The action of the thirteen colonies was ttie between the Noith and the South, and Gov. UEN.fl- the disturbance of toe present state of toclety.toat he many as could qualify under the restrictions named supposed to be toe master of toe vessel, who said that e$l 30. Con declined; sales 3,000 bushels yellowMr. Pcoe, of Ohio, (Dem.,)—The Senator Is mia- Wade, of Ohio, had neclared that toere w.is r.o union coursgement to servile toiurrection and deprecated correspondents in eai'li : and this would be fully as being satisfied with the answers given by toe personfirst assertion of the principle.Mr. Gaass—That's a revdluUon to whish I amHON. of Ohio, had declared that he would resist the voted for him.above. This would attach recognition and respon-he had no papers, directed toe liatehes to Ue Oj'H'ned, at 70c. Oats 40c. WBlBETduUat3tc.«27cexecution of posed under tliis Government. It is the totroduction militia.toe Fugitive Slave law by calling out toeMr. LxAXtop-•f the same ktod of revolution as that toaugurated Mr. Stastos sairl it was a Democratic s'.anler dotog that » hich whs m the nature of Interfering wito ployed In this gallery.Bpon Bunker's Hill, as it which, gloriousnot know thatBut while toese maktoglOJic. for middling. SATAItSAH, Monday,rarolaaon in the of eyesMr. CoxSlaverywhereconceded founded as a;was a the world. He then took thewhich had been con radicted. auihoritativelyDid and does thethe book was designed to operateit Is not at all toat the strictures of Mr. Smru are wellwas,Slavery?gentiem.in onsuggestions,The letter- writers of thesales cM CHAaiEsTox,hales-said toe c Large was sustilne- by p.ffidavi's. Mr. Gautazii.—Tne ontradlcuon is suflicient fe-madeMonday, to-day2,«00signedaveragepresentdled together to heaps, naked, regardless2,500 bales at WXc® COROB unchanged COTTOHunchangedasked whether Mr. Siixemas, when hetoe recommendation, did not tlitok he was ing anto .ind would aid to secur- every letter, greatlywher cc issued immediately toe frantic cries of stiilixie hundreds of wretehed human beings, who were hud-HoaiU, Monday, Jan. 0.Jan. 9.bJa"le^s'.- Blaverr was general when this Government was Mr. Hill., of Georgia, (Am.!—If Gov. Dsimsos h -. 1 know wtiit were H'C aims or iiitenliins of Mr. of Congress and there are toousands of the non- one of her own crew, and tbe British run up, amidst Ber. Thomas Blackburn, aged 39 yea«,suet; aIscal Leglslatnres. The right to hold slaves on boird Mr. STAHToti would biwve lost h'jo to>iu-:j:df cf circulation of the ompendiom Helr>^r'sstatement, would it i-ave de'eated bin. ? SuEBuAN in givinj- hii assent —toe preparation'.o1; of book. Mr. SBEByA'< hid c'jiif ted in the discretion of thepersonal letter with avidity, while turning away wito and was taken to tow to Whytlah, aad diapatdwd Aam,ruw. committed suicide L""""^^!,, wasthe ctcry h&dCsmmittee, and the Committee relleJ iriore on Hsu>iaof speeches actually delivered.This betog the ca.se,Untitled Documenttibilily; COTTOH demand saies;Itoe hearty cheers and joyf\il shouts of the rescued a wn sjn«of abler men toan arc atem-firm, Willi an impiovMof sex or age. At the same time two or three of toe crew leapedout of Ihe hold, naked to toe waist and be- grimed wito toe blood of Ihe wretched blacks, whom tbey cruelly lashed toto keeping sUence. looking to flae that she un- Mr. MoEEift would simply reply toat he did not Reporters' CJallcry do much towards making tne fame warrantably had laid chilm to was hauled down bytleman tbonld transeend In speaKlBg of public char-descriptionsanyIntaatlensl is it offence,outlaws,Our union with such slavd¥>Usni is also ato their work—bear temperately any annoyance toe sin and a |;forLKCES OP BXrOBTXBB ASD OOBSBSFOMOia'ie, out lor what they mSy be worth partly to call atten- acy that should [>e todeed free, and an asylum for tbe aic, Btc. tien to an evR, snd partly to fill np time whHe toe oppressed of all nations. The resolutions are to be WASBiHaTos, Monday, Jan. 9, 1860. House below goes on with Its second ballot discussed to-morrow, and will, oT course, be adopted.leaoy tieen exploded, it was not necessary to waste toe uncombtoed National elemente have tiecome duel. Mr. Gsow's pen-and-ink photograph havingWaeszii WixBuv, held a protracted and baated session yester- day, but separated witoout bavtog arrived at any concluskm, except a general understanding to resist toe adoption of toe plnrallty rule while SiuaiiAH re-mittee last ^p^lstedSatorday,asotlon;ofB. K. UoCume, of Hereer,cxplaintog, said toat toe Northern Democracy weretoat these rights, so clear, sacred and high, are not solved if a Republican were elected President ac- agreement to the effeot toat no one who had know- a mouth neltoer nor of havtog been convicted of consplraoy. This vaaaisci O'BsiXH Beakch, then, be It known. Is a stol- w art and comely son of Norto CaroUna, about 37 orGirroED.39handsome features, dark sleek hair, toln on top of toefaculties,edge ofage,andAssistant-SecretoryItogton, Engrosstog Cl»rkCagiil. All toese gentlemen are Demticrats.}head, and cuiUng to around toe .;ddes and backgray chin-beard, large but not verylhriktog forehead;In tbe Mouse, a motion was- made to exclude Hr>sonal collisionfull,smooto face no signs of givinglong, difiicuit and disas-The vote for Asnasw Jacksoji Hamiltom, of Texas, guage for which he was called to account, and then day. Davis Mebbitxathee was elected Chairman-given last Saturday, and to be repeated to-day, is the stated his wliitogness to defend himsclf/^jr that lan-try, it could make more arms and ammunition to first decisive Indication we have had that an immense guage whenever assaultedninety days toan the Souto could buy, and more men majority of the Natloual men ou toe floor no longer answer, makes no reference whatever to toewhile Mr. Gaow, In his practi- cal cause of oflence, but goes on with a geaeraiity about defending his "pcisonal rights," while at the scription. That was what he meant. Geniiemen new me.mber,-wlth but very little ol a public record same time taktog care to call attention to the lawswith DocGLAS a bar to party promotion. Haiiu.to!!' is afellowshipJudgeThe Committee on Resolutloiis reported a majorityder somewhat similar circumstances. Senatorit will be recollected, reiterated la his reply toe lan-clench toe matter, mores * toe previousbefore sitting down after toe original motion. These qtjoted words have, of course, toe eflect of cutting off"the spirit in Clack's lace;they lof»k, and boto certaiaiy have troops of'friendsm toem more cheerful temperaments than toeir facia! peculiaritiascontents toto toe tesselated lobbies;splendidLeg- water for the uast five-and-forty years. This point and seems to strengtoen tola hypothesis, that the sition) Is largely aliead to the city, and wili prohatilyof, and Ihe Clerkto re-ad, :ind reauing an extract from some little Vir-speechbe elected. _The Mnricttn and CineiaBiitl Railroad.disposedbeingBightBenin, ruuntog to leeward, which shortly after-Very obedlenUy,NOBODY.Captnredays, 2K®3? and as toe steno- this, doubt as to her honesty remahied in Lieut cent discountcent dlEcotmtBALTiBoas, Tneaday, Jaa. M,room for two railed m. the previous afternoon, he proceeded again in chase PBovIsIrl,^B steady;tionC. Hason, D. P. White.face, regular;;a':•^^^ KABiD Dismi** axMUiTioirs imi>BB'uiBC iOTAui, Tuesday, iaa^U,of Huntington, Secretorycrime. The least IhrgBt$25,000, PhilMtolphlsand Tha;Rhodes, (Am.,) Assistanttyraimy TfirsF.YotT^o,anoldoffender,hasbeenarrested;—iII;do. at.!Flofbfirm. Wbiatfirmsales 30,000 buahels;IInit, by cutttogbis throatis advised fromGalveston,A triangular contest for the vacancy:;Sergeant-at-Arms, J. H.Bobtos, Tuesday, Jan. 10.Morris Canal, 48}^ ;LongPorit, tlS 2S; Prima, $11 : H c. Wmsxr, 28c' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 