 Sgsas. l i s Majesty will reoetraNEW YORK HERALD- command ing the Russian squadron, aad _ a officers, at the palace this morning, Jan. 21. The brig Con-sort,latelyfromPortMadison,withaload oflum- ber_aad now lying at the Esplanade, was formerly in the United States service. S h e w a s storeahip for Commodore Wilkes in his exploriag expedition, being at that time bark rigged. The vessels of the expedition caused much excitement, and left a great deal of moaey here; but the old Consort now looksunpretending enough, aalifnot likelyto create muchstir."The Cnndld.tr. and TUtt*Th. Maiu Pi.nk or tu. *rae **!»•• * r 1MO.openly and secrttly attacking, byopen assaults, the right at will to order the imprison- by secret minings, bynow Interpretations,aad ment of aay otasea, it Is a most alarming by constant misrepresentations. Bare is the and dangerous power, and its exercise de-axe We to HareIttostatedOutaverygeneralfenIngpre- vaito In Congress in favor of increasing thea-*. sent overland mail to California t> a Oailj Bar- vice, instead of, as at preaaatseati-nsekly; aad this feeling but echoes the desire of the putridboth on the Atlantic and Paciac, to have Una' great work accomplished.Such a proposition a few years since would have been derided at utterly lapractieabki- but the evidence of the past eighteen months' in the successful working of the existing Ova7 landMailCompany,hasdemonstratedaotoa!r itsfeasibility,buthaarenderedit obvioui(hat • • e r y consideration, political a a d coaunar. cial, demands that government a_tH a***.JAMBSKWTOR AND PROPlUltO*-Within the next nine wteb thrt* g*# P»«V awy to the coming fight—the plank upon which mands caution and forbearance. The whole convention are to moot, three party standard the battle ba* to be fought 1 1 * constitution genius of our institutions Is opposed to centrali- bearersaretobechosen,andamanchildifto andtheUnionagainsttheassaultsoffanatlca zationofpower;andyettherightofeither bo born who for the next four yean U to bo and the corrupt Intrigues of demagogues. The house of Congress to order to jail without legal President of til* Union; bttt whether Ik* '••* candidates arenothing—all other planks for the process aay citizen, to suspend the operations of nil line th* cl*otion next N O T * - * * will platform are nothing—the brotherly relations of habeas corpus, and to act whenever it seesttOBDORonto* K. w.o « m o»WAMAFJANP rutto* sw.raw wasxxrj; s^_3f_5E=*iMTaw««•»«»*tMrt V vr«at BritntA, gjB*jytffrt^».Sm•r*rm..dm.tkuofAiM<c,S...mj^ofn.th_nat£iu*»<•>'_<,*probably determine. Itisapopularbeliefamong the politiciansof North aad South, th* constitution aad the fit as a judicial as well as a legislative body, is^rSf^lafnr'mtSjJJiVols<m WWiwalair, at fomr ixtta frearly yesterday (Saadsy) msralag from Soathamp*.Ho.71 ton,withEuropeanfileatotheMdofFebruary. butweharenearlyfiftypopularcandidatesinHerfinancialaadcommercialadviceswereantici- thefield,ashasbeenseenbythefulllistsofthe pated by the telegraphlo despatches from St. respective conventions, and the biographicalAMtanBleats•**••»••**•* existinCongress. Theconstitutiondoesnot Sincethecapture,conviction and execution conferthem,andtheprecedents oflb*BritishVIBUya BALOOX, Breaowmy.—4»BO O n j n ' J « « •IIHOOOVDAW-*, •»-•—. DAT< K«w Tm_»CALU.• a n O R A L OOWCTBT S A L O O B , S o M t , DAJMH. BnuMm, ac.NattjaalTbe*tre.—Austialasian, due at this port, had been from at the time of our going to press.heardTRIPLE SHEET. New Y ork, NottdAjr, H a r e * 1 9 , I860.T _ « H o w e .Our special dispatch from Washington informsThe bark Satan Clark, at this port from Bnenos Ayres, brings us files and letters dated to the 12th of January. A good many steamers were repair- ing in port, amongst them the Argentina and Sa;.'a Fe, of the American exploring expedition*The bark Z. D.. of Boston, was burned to the wa te. s edge in the > arbor, on the 4th of January. The ship Twenty -nit th of September, from Buenos Ayres for Montevideo,was wrecked, when twenty- five ps rsons were drowned. Braail was still col- lectirg troops on the frontier of Buenos Ayres, aad it was imagined that a war between the re-• • » » * " 'AMUniatimranirmxa.•TULO-S OABDajl, Broad-ar—C«*-« PAT'S CABUI- sod 10th instant, after the arrival of the Nora we have published In recent numbers of theParliament a n n o more authority for theirF UUT U » - > M M D i t t o m .eowamv T H * 4 T * « BOWWT.-DIAO H«*«»—TO **»»• interesting report of the debate which took place A«» a_at roa Fwa rovns-aaaaa'a l o w M-W-MAJTUCauthority o f Congress resisted or brought into sonable expenae. The regularity and eertaiatrLots*. _ _ _ _ _w o r m QABDIW, imiffv, oppose -v»d QeoaaWAiXAC-i THKATU §_—«V .-B0SUa-« orA* » * T O O Nin the Britiah Parliament oa Mr. Disraeli's moUoato consider the commercial treaty with Franceapart from the annual budget Disraeli, Bright aadGladstone,withLordsPalmerstonaadJohnRussell,made very important speeches. The Duke da it to the critical acumen of each reader to deter-attempt to usurp powers which do not belongi_oftA m v r j THEATR-, m U l KAMO.T.Btm*w*r--r**mCbimbord—signing "Henri," as King of France- bad written a letter on the Papal question, sad Na- poleon had published another official maajfeeto againsttheclericalagitation.Wepublishthelatestbettingon theforthcoming isees in England—Chester cup and Derby—with some new facta concerning the agitation caused by the approach of the day of the fight between Heenan and Sayers.Neither the steamship Niagara, due atHvlifax, now in her sixteenth day from Liverpool, nor themine which are the candidates that have, and which that have not, a State in their breeches pocket.DEMOCRATICCANDIDATE3. 1—JamesA.Bayard,Delaware.2—John C. Breckinridge, Kentucky, 3—Jesse D. Bright, Indiana. 4—Albert G. Brown, Mississippi. 5—Howell Cobb. Georgia.6—Caleb Gushing, Massachusetts. 7—Jefferson Davis, Mississippi. 8—Daniel S. Dickinson, New York. 9—Stephen A . Douglas, Illinois.10—James Guthrie, Kentucky.11—James H. Hammond, South Carolina. 12—Sam Houston, Texas.13—R. M. T. Hunter, Virginia. 14—Alfred Iverson, Georgia.15—Andrew Johnson, Tennessee. 16—Joseph H. Lane, Oregon.17—James L. Orr, South Carolina. 18—Charles O'Conor, New York. 19—Franklin Pierce, New Hampshire 20—Thomas H. Seymour, Connecticut 21—Horatio Seymour, New York. 22—John Slidell, Louisiana. 23—Alexander H. Stephens, Georgia. 24—Robert F . Stockton, New Jersey. 25—Henry A. Wise, Virginia.26—John E. Wool, New York.BLACX REPTBUOAN CANDIDATES.1 -Nathaniel P . Banks, Massachusetts. 2—Edward Bates, Missouri.3—Simon Cameron, Pennsylvania 4—Salmon P . Chase, Ohio.5—Cassius M. Clay. Kentucky. 6— Jacob Collamer, Vermont. 7-Wm. L. Dayton, New Jersey. 8—John C. Fremont, California. 0—Wm. P . Fessenden, Maine.10—John P . Hale, N e w Hampshire. 11—Abram Lincoln. Illinois. 12—Wm. Pennington, New Jersey. 13—William H. Seward, New York. 14—Henry Wilson, Massachusetts.I'NION CANDIDATES. 1—Edward Bates, Missouri.2—John Bell, Tennessee.3—John M. Botts. Virginia. 4^—John J. Crittenden, Kentucky.5—Edward Everett, Massachusetts. . 6—William A. Graham, North Carolina. 7—Washington Hunt, New York. 8—Sam Houston, Texas.9—John M'Lean, Ohio.10—William C. Rivee, Virginia.of these deeds, and their attempts to elevate the character of their perpetrator, provo that but for a wholesome dreadof losing their own lives, theywouldhavehadnoconscientious com- punctionsinbecomingparticipantsinthemur- ders there committed.It is, therefore, out of no consideration for any of these men that we notice the proceed- ings i ow going on in the United States Senate, where a motion has been made to incarcerate what Is termed a '-contumacious witness," who, being summoned before the committee appointed to investigate the Harper's Ferry affair, has re- fused to answer the interrogatories, evidently with a view of giving himself a notoriety which he mistakes for fame. Were it a matter con- cerning himself personally it would be of little consequencewhatcoursetheSenatesawfitto sdopt But the consideration before the Senate is of much graver import, and, aside entirely from the individual involved, w e consider that it presents a question not only of moment tothe Senate itself, but involving also the consti- tutional right, power or authority of the houses of Congress—purely legislative bodies—to ex- ercise functions which are clearly judicial.We hold that neither house of Congress has power, under the constitution, to order the im- prisonment of any citizen—unless, indeed, heliberties of the people and the principles of a republican governmentTbeFinancesoftbeStatelaaBaaWay— Special Report of the Comptroller.On another page we publish an important re- port of the Comptroller in reply to an inquiry of the Legislature as to what will be the amount of tax required for the next year, aad whether the condition of the finances will warrant any appropriations for s e w works. The inquiry appears to have been suggested by a re- cent message of the Governor, again calling the attention of the Legislature to the imperative necessity of increasing the revenue to be derived from the public works, and returning to the financial policy prescribed in the constitution. In consequence of departing from that policy, the great Empire State is a t this moment in a condition of shameless bank-ruptcy, while millions have been squandered in flagrant and corrupt jobs.O f f a©W««YTa_ATB«, Bowery—H©UB«« Boww- win DABS.BBOADWAV BOCnOia, **# B*»vl-»y.-T«a BO«A«* Or APoo* Toaw MA*-Two Bcaxws.l i t i m f l AMIRTUA!* OTS1TJM, Brovtway -**»«»•• Bfttr— *•««*«*• F AjumiA—IOP»_IW»«P AS_». Bree Ca4—Oetoaeoe.BSY ABTS' MimrRBLt, Bo-unoott, 8-«CS. OABCBt,_ Hall, l"l Broadway -—Wi GOBIraoxt u Hauoa Uut our gorernment have received informationthat the Mtremon party in Mexico had deteimnedto blockade the port of Vera Cruz and other portain the Mexican golf. In case this should prove true,our government have determined to pay no re- public and the United Argentine ConfederationThe answer of the Comptroller is, that nearlyfive millions and a half of dollars must beraised by tax this year, to pay the interest on All the contracts with these routes willapect to euch blockade. The steamship Brooklyn haa been ordered to Hampton Rjada, to convey Mr. McLane immediately to Vera Cruz, and orders have been iaraed to our squadron in the Gulf to use necessary force in the protection of American com- merce and property.The steamship Atlantic, CapU Pearson, arrivednrght ensue.Our despatches from Albany this morning willbe fontd full of matter interesting to our readers. The financial condition of the State, the troubles of the Fxcise Commissioners of the metropolis, the Griuion Railroad bill, the Central Park investi- gations, are all treated at length, and will be foundof im[ crtancs to our citizens and taxpayers.The Missouri Republican State Convent m cs-our debt and the expenses of government and that not a cent can be expended on new works, and he fully agrees with the Governor that the railroads ought to b e taxed and the canals protected, so as to pay the reve-expire on the 1stof nextJuly ;so thatthere are n o embarrassments in the way of the pro- posed legislation for a daily mail service across tbe Plains, independent of this conoiderauoa is the not unimportant fact that the contea-at this pert yesterday noon from Aspiuwail, bring,ing the passengers and $1,198,711 50 in treasure -semblf d at 8t. Lonis on Saturday, The atteadaucebe one of their own members—for any offence nue contemplated by the constitution. It ap- plated daily overland route will be a saving towhatever, whether contempt or otherwise. pears from the proceedings of the Convention the Post Office Department of several hundredCongress is the mere creature of the constitu- which drew up the constitution, that the sec- thousand dollars yearly, over the expensethat came from San Francisco to Panama by the was rather slim, only about two hundred persons steamship Golden Age, which left the former port beiug in attendance. They adopted resolutions ap- February 20. The entire passage from S*n Fran- proving the principles of the republicans as setcisco to this port, including the detention at the forth in the call for the Chicago Convention,Isthmus, was accomplished in twenty day* and one pledging themselves to support the nominee hour. of that Convention, favoring the coloniza-Governor Downey, of California, has approve 1 tion of free blacks, and recommending Ed- the bill authorizing the transfer of indictments for ward Bates as a candidate for the Presiden- duelling from the Courts of Se-siona to the District cy. They also passed resolutions recognizing thetion, having no powers n o t directly conferred by that instrument There is not one word in the constitution which authorizes either branch of Congress to arrest and punish citizens, or to act in a judicial capacity, except only in thetions of that instrument appropriating the canal revenues to pay the interest of the debt con- tracted by their construction, and also to pay a portion of the principal every year Into the "sinking fund," which has now become a myth,which would b e incurred if the semi-muuthly ocean mail contracts are revived.The present semi-weekly overland mail wa* contracted for b y the Post Office Departmt-at under a special act of Congress, on the 15th ofSeptember, 1857. The route is not direct, bat starts from two points on the Mississippi, Memphis and St. Louis, but joining each otner, and then running to San Francisco. The con-Courts This act appears to bo specially intended for the benefit of Judge Terry, who killed Senator Broderick The action of the Governor has created much excitement and the newspapers were teem- ing with indignation articles at the conduct of theexecutive.The origin of the Indian wars in the interior ofCalifornia haa been the cause of much legislative"irrepressible conflict" between slave and free la- bor in Missouri, treating with contempt and scorn the threats of a dissolution of ths Union, and pledg- ing their lives and fortunes to its preservation. A central committee was appointed, with power to form an electoral ticket.The Legislature of Maryland adjourned a'i ut midnight on Saturday last The session has beenin order to mark distinctly the fact that whentbe Senate is thus constituted it is acting in an The Legislature, in accordance with theseentirely different capacity from its ordinary views, imposed a uniform tax on the railroads, tract specifies that the time between tbeUnitedbuteaboundarysurvey,atSemiahinoo,on Wheatwastinner,andmgoodmillingdemand,withabritiah soil, by consent went ver to Fort Laagley, fair amount of sales. U>rn w a i flrm"r, with a gool <leand arrested t*o deserters from his company. mand f'om the Esatwar 1,whMo saiee were maUe *t 79c. a ar.> aliKMDg and qnairolling with each other's Some of the papers assumed a moderate tone, and 81c. for white and yellow Jersey and Southern. Pjricexculpated the American officer from any Mame- wa* afain hewj and lower, w .ih sales of m>as at candidates, preparatory to coming together atoftherealm.Itsfunctions,powersandattri- dren.TheclergyandlaityoftheRoman butes are not derived from any written consti- Church in the United States have demonstratedtution, but arethe result of precedents which, in tbe strongest manner their reverence and long continued, assin e in England all the affection for the Pope, and have given himByreferencetothenewscolumnsthedetail*of•IS12^a *1820 for new.aid at J1710 a thenewswilll«efoundinteresting. $1715forold^..newprimesol!at$1453a$1462/; OuradvicesfromNewGranadaaredatedatolddo.a$1225. TherewerealsosomesalesforMarch and April delivery. Beef was flrm, and the demand Panama and Aspinwallon the 3d of March, aad Jair. Sygais were steady, with Bah » of about 1,200 Uhdj. axe interesting. Several ports of the Confederation Cuba, *ilh 150 hhds. Porto R::o, at steady prices. T n eCatileiton.,Chicago,orBaltimore,asthecaseUnited States Minister in Bogota was not present at the Bible burning there, as reported in some of the papers. There i s n o t much newa from the Isthmus. An Aapinwall correspondent famishes a short, but very vivid, description of the condition, manner of life, aad style of dress of the Jamaica negroes, called "free,'' residing in that city.of the reverend gentleman's remarks, but it isWe have tetters sad files from the SouthPacuio,the Post (Bryant was stage manager of theshow) at twenty-five cents a head, no money fanaticism,and the scarcely less dangerous andodiousNEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.Admfril Popoff,Johns, N. F., published in the B _ U L D on the 9th notices of th* candidates before thorn, which 8:otj*n there. We give, however, to-day a vary HERALD. We now bring them all together, or-exercise than the edicts of the Emperor ofChina would be. Wo do not desire to see the iiahaaaflynudLiiit can be had within rea-derly arranged, for the greater convenience of reviewbyourreaders;butInviewofthefact that there ere only thirty-three States, while there are about fifty candidates, we shall leavecontempt;batsosurermean*could beadopt-with which the mails are now carried across thi continent are astonishing. Deserts, moaetajaj and plain* are traversed with far mots appweat ease than the mail experiences between a__«my and New Orleans; and the wonderful fact hat just been announced, that advices from London, England, were received in San Francisco, b y this overland route, in thirty one days. The enterpriseofaprivatecompanywhich,bylibe- ral expenditures, inaomiuble energy and true American perseverance, has succeeded la over- coming the obstacles which nature has reared up in tbe hundreds of miles of savage territory which have to be traversed from the a_aassipfi to the Pacific, seeks in vain a parallel in the history of the world. The very magnitude of the enterprise would be sufficient to appal any but the most daring, courageous and en- terprising men. That i t has been successfully accomplished is a matter of national pride, al-though d u e t o individual enterprise. The cir- cuitous isthmian routes, conveying the nulls but twice a month, or three times a month oa- der tbe new arrangement, and possessing no incidental advantages, such as promoting the settlement of the interior of the country, and affording u s a means o f uninterrupted communication with our sister States oa the Pacific in case of war, are no longer adequate.inquiry, a d it appears that the aggressive conduit one or t' e most exciting ever held. The appropri- of the whites has been the cause of the Indian ation bills were passed during the last few hours offorays, and that the atrocities committed by volun- the session. The Governor had signided to the teers in these Indian wars have not been equalled Legislate• 3 that he would comply with their re- in the history of the country. quest, and remove Judge Stump, of Baltimore.The Japanese embassy to this country, which The Legislature of Louisiana has passed an act WB*to hare left Jeddo on the 22d of February for allowing a greater rate of interest than eight perWashington, consists ot seventy parsons. They cent per annam, but accompanied by a proviso were expected to arrive at San Francisco in the that written obligations shall not bear more thanU. S. steamer Powhatan, about the first of* March. that per centagc after their maturity until paid.OrdershatbecareceivedattheNavyYard,Mare TheRe'.Dr.ManahandeliveredalectureontheIsland, to have the dry dock there in readiness in " Por e and the Congress" at 8 t Mary's Church of pressed, each by his respective friends, princi- of the accused, solely to the regularly the issue is simply this: "Shall the trade and which to repair trie Powhatan, before completing the Purification, South Brooklyn, last evening. pally on the ground that he is great on some appointed judicial tribunalsaof the country— tonnage passing through the State on our public her voyage to Panama, with her distinguished pas. There was a lirge number of persons in attendance, little matter—as, for instance, the tweedle-dum the Senate having n o powe over his person. works be tolled sufficiently to pay our canal debt seegeis en route to Washington. and the lecture gave evident satisfaction to the and tweedle dee of sovereignty of the people The misapprehension which is growing up as and interest, according to the original design,Tie iuii irg news from all parts of California is congregation. There were several Protestants very glowing: new discoveries, of quicksilver, also present, among whom were one or two cler- silver, gold and cinnabir were almost an every day gymen, who paid the strictest attention to the leeoccurrence. beddVi other developments of mine- ture throughout.ral wealth peculiar to that State. The chess match between Xew York and Bost JU republican abolitionism, from the destruction tives" of Congress are analogous to those ofUnion,aretheallinallofthemuttcampaign.an assumption, if successful, overwhichthepeople a n powerless, and makes Congress om- The steamship Hew York arrtred at this port Presidency unless he has a Stat* at nil back; The Harper'. Ferry Inve.ttgatfon-Wh»t nipotent We do not believe any such powersthatnomantoanavailable candidate forthemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmof John Brown, a set of fanatics hare endeavor-ed to push themselves Into notoriety on bisskirts. At a sale distance they brawl for thehonors of martyrdom, and are in seeming dee-pair that no o n e will notice them sufficientlytogivethemtheirdeserts. Thesemenhadnot edtobringaboutboth these resultsthanthe the courage to run the risk of assisting oldBrown in spilling the blood of (he unoffendingcitizens of Harper's Ferry, but their approval warrant in fact, and are directly opposed to thecase o impeachment. In the latter instance were based upon certain calculations of revenuetbe Senate is created into a court for the trial derived from the actual receipts of the canals and of the specific offence. But the constitution, the tonnage paid and to be paid by railroads.duties, directs that upon such occasions Senatorsshall be on oath or affirmation. And further, itis declared that the "judgment in cases of im-peachment shall not extend further than towhich worked well, and brought in a handsome revenue; but in an evil hour, through the in- ouence of the railroad interest, that policy was departed from in 1851, and the financial affairs of the State are now placed in the most embar-Mississippi and San Francisco shall be accom- plished within twenty-five days. In one year from the date of the contract the stages left the several termini, and performed the trip within the specified time—traversing nearly 3,000 miles of line through a new and almost unexplored country. Vast tracts, without a drop of water to sustain either man or beast, did not deterremoval from office and disqualification to holdany office of honor, trust or profit under the rassed position. While the tolls from the canalsdecreased from $3,700,000 in 1851 to $1,800,- nevertheless be liable and subject to indict- 000 in 1859, the receipts of the Central Rail-all they can—the strongest moral support in and increasing. The country along the route amybe;andaftercomingtogether,theywill theEnglishParliamentisarecordofcontinued hispresent difficulty with theEmperor issettlingsteadily,andthusone~«-ea'.objectofforceofcon8titutioalpowers.Thehistoryof ineachplaceselectoneman—somebody,per-contestsbetweenthekinglyprerogatives,theoftheFrench.TheCatholicclergyaretheenterpriseisalreadybeing^ecoaiplisbad.haps, that is now nobody's candidate—and then home, for the canvass and the contest.privileges of the nobles and the claims of the engaged in a regular crusade against Louis The first month the mails carried but threehadbeendeclaredfreetoforeigncommerce)>y cottecna:.dtwasexcited,u^tt'-emarketforRiowasdecree of General Herran. A revolution had dectdedly uigher, with sales of about 1,500 bags at 13c.broken out in the State of Caaca, at Cartago. The a 13XC., and one lot of 300 bags at He ; 300 mats of differences about the platform, and many a fact. Each successful assumption on the tween the head of the Church and his unduti- opposing parties had met in battle, when a number Jara. with 300 do. Jamaica, at full prices. Freigut3 were politician thinks he ha> got just the planks, cutwere killed. Among the latter was General Mar firm, with fair engagements to English ports, at full rates, aud seasoned, from which to make the plat-gaetio,who fought in the war of independence. Otttos, to Liverpool, was engig^d at 9 3ii. a 5 lBd. andGeneral Mosqucta, as Governor of the revolted one lot of 150 bales was reported t&en at ){i. pot lb.State, was in arms in behalf of the federation; but A PRESIDENTIAL ASITRAXT MAKING A GUUO each of the parties claimed to be the troops of the THING BEi'OREiiAND.—Mr. Abraham Lincoln, whogovernment. A dissolution of the federation, ran against Judge Douglas for the Senate, anJ demagoguism have left but a single plank on owing to internal dissension, was dreaded. The got soundly thrashed by the Little Giant, is one which to defend, in I860, t H great issue ofstump speech for the Pope. We have a reportBesidesthecandidatesthereareinnumerableform, and the only platform, upon whichthe respective candidates arc to be placed. In this, poor schemers, they are all wide of the mark. The rising waves of fanaticism andpart of Parliament becomes an acknowledged ful eldest son. The bishops write long letters. power. That body assumed the right to impris- and the priests exhort their people, from the on whom it pleased, and as there was no ap- altar, to be firm in their allegiance. This has peal from its dictum the subject was compelled been the case in various parts of tile country, to acquiesce. Nay, the Parliament goes fur- as well as in the metropolis; and at Brooklyn, ther, and claims even to be able to alter the yesterday, Father Manahan made a regularof the aspirants for the Chicago nomination. tbe preservation or destruction of the fair The aspiring Lincoln haa illuminated the me- ediice of the American Union. The rapid tropolis with his oratory, and about three weeks growth of our prosperity and the increaseago entertained more or leas an audience which oi our wealth have led men to think tha^ eyes by the people of England, for they felt peror has by this time been very thoroughlyANOTHER RICH PLACER OPENED I . mECiTr.— On another page we publish a v^rj -uriousincluded Hon. Massa Greeley aad the poets of j if they took care of their own business thethat it was their fight: it was a curtailment of the oppressive anointed rights of the sovereign,cursed all round the world, thanks to steam and electricity. The old Pojiea could not have had thejob done in anything like so short a time.TOWN ELF.CIIOX.S.—Every now and then weSenate by Mr. Kerr, one of th- Commissioners of Excise, against the other two Commission- ers—Holmes and Hasketc—who, it is alleged, understood eaca other, and voted always againstKerr,leavingfc'mi_aminorityofone. Tbe most frxtraordinary developments come out in consequence-dev.lcpeinenm showing that the Excise Board is one of tbe richestdatedatValparaisoJanuary31aadatCallaoon returned,andchildreninarmsnotadmitted. havebeenleftatlibertyto'fasten upoa privilegesofthenobility.the 12th of February. The newa from Chile is Our Illinois philosopher belong? to the school the public places and to sit withoutpleasingasfar asregards commercial and educa- of comical politicians. Jl> is not witty likeI shame in all our high s*its. To be a poli-tician, an officer in municipal government, ational progress. Trade had lmprored vastly at Valparaiso. Capt Lionel Lambert, of her Bri-But the Congress of the United States is not find partisan journals publishing the results ofTouchstone, hut he haa an odd manner, likerepublicwould take care corruption ando f itself. S o demagoguefcmonly a widely different body from the Parlia- town elections as indices of political sentimenttannicMajesty'ssteamshipVixen,wasmurderedin Clod,sopeopletoughathim,andnotwith represmtativeintheStntcLegislature,and mentofGreatBritain—havingthemostlimited inthedifferentStates. TheAlbanyJournal placersyetdiscoveredinthecity-<qualtotheLima on the 9th ultimo. The particulars of the him—a most important distinction. Like all even a member of the Congress of the nation, tragedy, so far as learned, are giren in this paper* the other theatrical stars of the day, Mr. Lincoln j has come to be a thing to obtain which it is President Castilla had returned to Peru from Bona- hat to be well paid for his fnnniments. In the ' necessary to stoop to arts which honest mendor witk the remainder of his troops. It was metrepoli?. for one night only, he received two , scorn and noble souls despise. thought the new government of Ecaudor woati bepowers, and those plainly laid down in the of Saturday last, for instance, published a tablecr nstitution—but-ita encroachments are in their effect precisely Uie reverse ot those assumed b y Parliament. The encroachments of Parlia-Board of Aldermen, with its $2,000 bribes, but with this difference: that the majority in the B< ard o f Excise do a-, honest '.usineM, and according to law.It eeeme that Haskett sxd Holme*- who are lawyers, monopolized the whole power tf the Board, and voted that one of them (Holmes) should be counsel to the Board, and this beautiful arrangement having been com- pleted, Mr. Holmes naturally appointed b * own partoei, Mr. McKeag, as attorney i n ^driTea out by a revolution. hundred dollars, which U almost as much as Aided by this unpatriotic negligence of pub- ment, to a great extent, are levelled, aswe havehex frontier to secure it Bolivia was arming a great attraction Lke Forrest, or Charlotte lic duty, fanaticism has banded with the dema- shown, at the sovereign's prerogative and the are controlled more by local ties and prejudices rruption from Pern. against any military Cuahman, or Patti, woAld g e t Abraham has gogues and invaded the holy places of the na- nobles' powcr. Theencroachments of the houses than by political or party feeling. Some pro-«i?La J"f t o t t *-* »--*•<- Istanda are to the repeated ffiesameperforiaa-cein the provinces tion. It proclaims theories which, if not put of Congress are against the rights of the citi- minent citizen has contributed largely to somel3«hi* January, but later new. had hUrecefvel where he gets, we suppose, from twenty-five to down, and put down forever, by the uprising of zen-a usurpation of his privileges—and in local charity, or has opposed some locally un-by the OTerlandmafL The Conrner*^?*TM a hundred dollars, according to the size an indignant people, will inevitably carry the ofHoaotern,says:-"At_gwaspressatsaUtelTon oftheplaceandthefervor of fee brethren in countryInto revolution, civil war,universaldirect violation oftijese limitations in the con- popular measure, and the town-folk, irrespec-tive of their political creeds, cast their votes forthe part of the American ddpaeMer,, by A. JTcsrv wright, to Ahaer Pratt, American Consul « this port. Itca__Bofaaawsi__g,iobyiofeetiamade I s San Franeisco expressly far the objectdad, aad cost about 1200. The wharf at Ba* »D1 be a good deal "mixed up" at Chicago; other; they have rent and destroyed nearlyBa.«Jt there is not much chance for Wm to every national political party; and now tney ried away by a heavy westerly snrf. C. 3. Horton, 6 ^ ^nomination, between Master Seward are attacking the last bond that preservesstitution which guard, as strongly andforci- bly as language can, against the exercise b ythe vicinity. The idea of the Illinois orator is bloodshed and final ruin. These theories haveworthy of a Connecticut Yankee, or a Camden sundered the churches of the land into hostileand Amboy Jerseyman. He knows that things communions that do not recognise each ment thai the right to arrest and imprison is a tions, associates or habits, and the electors,businessten thousand suits instituted, the taxablecosts of which wiU amount to one mill oa of dollars, and must be paid, whether ft* suits are lost or won. It is already ascertains* that for at least eight hundred of the cast* nocoloroflaworfactcouldbefound. If »* suits are properly and justifisbly instituted, t ^ taxable costs which can be recovered from the parties would amount to half a million of dol-tee's Island the new gnaao island—had been car-chargedwtthmanslaughter,incan'ingthedeathof "*f_TMwae •*•*.*nd if heAouldbenomi- the brotherhood of tbe States. This bondC_artie,'' steward of the bark Frances Palmer, in Honolulu, oa the 16th October last, resulted fa a verdict of "not guilty. * Several natives had been arrested for the murder of H. Bighaoj, for- merly of Maroni Oa., who was killed at Makawao.The f-o.y*#et>B_r *-_.«'*• have now three Rus- rfan tren-c*wsr, propeller?, fa port, r l i : theS ^ f J J f i * «K"**Probability that h e willis the commercial relations between North andl 8The Senate is to resume the consideration of calmly and dispassionately, as a great con-;ni»Wti;_?_.'£*»,ISi$SSS_?_VII!5*B_?iwf "' Tt 7?*f •v „;t f ^T""*""centripetal forces In the Union, and when theyU fa a T erJ Rood doJee go, the Uniongoes with them. The constitution life or liberty of the citizen.i n rUlc or tbe BJMNI and Sowra p . ^ ttvnerCTaportmgn^cal?lt a i i #7u ^hftdgiDg M 't b ethe judiciary thall alone try :ases affecting theoly, or the recent vote upon th* Gridiron billin the New York Senate cf the popular senti- lars. If they a-e not justifiably lostituU»d. to*becomes nothing but a shred of paper from th* morm v that it loie« the heartfelt respect of tiements in regafli to the granting of charters for this important question. It should be discussed railroads in this city. These returns are there-parties sued have n o redress, and cannot re- cover costs of the citr, but must pay their owa costs In any rate; Mn* the best of toe joke t«, that on this grq j r ^ the Commissioner* c l - m ad-Soi6 w angwM. [ aboliUonleta and tiv bk:k republica stitutional point If the Seuate possesses State,Untitled Documentfore no guide to the political eeatimcat of apeople. Mr. Disraeli in his recent speech onNapoleon, and the subject is treated with ashundred letters one way. Public confidence hasgrown&orapidlyincoase'iuenceoftbe regularity with which the t-" •s have been per- formed, that the mails from San Francifco now bring from fifteen to twenty thousand letters each trip, and the numbers are rapidly aug- menting. With a da'ly mail to San Francisco we shall want telegraphic wins stretched across the continent After these are accom- plished a railroad to the Pacific Veoomes an easy matter.thenewFrenchtreaty,'publishedinanother muchvigorasititwereaquestionbetween column of this mornings paper, points to this two clever politicians, instead of a dispute be-.','to it, and claiming prerogatives which have noUnited States; but the party convicted shallment, trial, judgment and punishment ac- road from freight increased from $1,800,000 in these hardy contractors. Again, swollen riverscording to law." So that even in the case of 1853 to $3,300,000 in 1859.impeachments—the only offence for the trial of It is very clear, therefore, that what the which the Senate is given judicial power b y canal3 have lost the railroads have gained; andthe constitution- it is so guarded as to leave the question now is, whether these private cor-porations are to be enriched at the expense ofto be crossed without bridges bad to be en- countered, and then, to add to these .trials, the thefts and attacks of prowling bands of sa- vages had to be repelled. A ll these difficulties,tbe punishment of the offence, so far as it canas we have seen, have been surmoacted, and11—Winfield Scott, New York.Theclaimsofallofthesecandidatesare in anywayaffect thepersonal liberty thepeople. InthewordsoftheComptroller, oreighteenmonthsthiseeua-weeklyservicethrough tbeir representatives, or of popular to the powers of Congress over the personal or shall that debt and interest be paid by taxa-sovereignty through themselves in the Territo- liberty of citizens is due in a great measure to tion on the whole people?" A bill is now be- Scarcely an instance has occurred where thethe assumption that the powers and " preroga- fore the Legislature to tax the railroads in such contractors have failed to make the time, andries; the stages of indefinite projection of black a way as to restore the revenues of the canals. most of the trips have been performed in fromOur files from Portland, Oregon, arc up tj Feb- will be rc-umed this evening. of slavery and the South in the abstract, the British Parliament. Jeffersons "Manual,** It has passed one house; but whether the rail- twenty to twenty-three days. Three hundred ruary 13. The news is unimportant. The saies of cotton on Sit iril»y embraced »t>>ut 1,200 to its annihilation in the concrete; or to a great extent, assumes this, and lays down road interest is not sufficiently powerful to de- and twelve • trips, of 2.900 miles each, haveFrom British Columba onr tiles from Victoria bales, Glusing rather tame, but without change ia quota the civic merits or martial claims of some man ; u les of "privilege,"&c, all drawn from British feat it in the other remains to be seen.already been performed, or a total distance of over 000,000 miles.To accomplish this work the contractorssow employsixteenhundredhorsesandmules,aad about six hundred men, besides an abundance of stages and covered wagons. The local trade is reprc *nted as b^ing considerableare UJto Feb 10. The British newspapers at thrt tioos. The flour market wan again active, with free sales place were endeavoring to create a', excitement of fc**to aaU Vtdeia, while prices were again higher, e^j'Wutliy for medium grates Southern tlour wasn^^ from tic fact that Lieutenant Jickibben, of the higher and m good demand, while tha re;eipts were l:gat.who has committed the great public sacrifice of holding office from the first moment he could get it just as long as he could possibly holdon toit. Onthesehighnobleandnational grounds the delegates and partisans respectivelyparliamentary precedents and decisions.Nothing, however, can be more erroneous. Sn MP SPEAXLVG FOR THE POPE.— The HolyTt e Parliament of England is the highest courtFather cannot complain of his American chil-succession itself; and the only question is, notwhether it is constitutional, but whether theyhave the power to carry out their designs. crowded out. If the anathematising Louis Na-This gradual growth of power on the part ofParliament was looked upon with favorable Church, then the Pope is all right; for the Em- statement of charges presetted to the Statethe local favorite. Or, some candidate is per- Cougress of judicial functions. The argu- sonally unpopular on account of his connec-whoseprofitsa r e almost fabulousright Incident to the existence of a legislative disregarding his political opinion*, cast theirbedy, as necessary to its nrorection, is without ballots against him. These elections, then, are force in the face of the di/ast powers conferred no more exponents of political sentiment thanonCongress bythe constitution, theabsence wasthepassage ofthe HobokenRailroadbill. of any such powers as are thus claimed, and In the New Jersey Legislature indicative of the South. It is these that now constitute the only the care which has been taken to provide that popularity of the Camden and Amboy monop-poleon will maintain the temporal sway of theof the opposition majorities at recent town elec- tions, and heads it, i n large capitals, " Political Fashions for 1860." These town elections, as our readers know from their own experience,has been maintained, through all seasons, wiib a regularity astounding in itself and nurrel- lous when compared with the failures and mis- carriages upon some of the oldest routes within the settled portions of the United States. Thomansarcs M. Tr309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comyniski 