 UEBiciS scB^rnnc ISSOCUTIOH.lM!lFlour-TheJ l a* u»e close was more buoyant. Issr*hteulrytorthebettergradestorshlpuentTn«-c tooled upshout12,000bbis.,closing withiatograngeofpncee>i «*ia . a-a»a*eGear, rat"Alemsat»«W»«* Citf. THIRDDAT.NtwTOB,A0furt3,l««»- Tt. Ajio«rt*t*S» met, pursuant to a^Joerninewt, at 1,ctoc»th.ss»«*raing.Themeeting,aectmtotaery, heui n general •ession before dividiat iato awiioni.Aft*r the Maying of the mlaatet, a report troth tb*theobservations,»»»>****»*TM* *iffror^ob- X„,.,* ^ committee was read, eiptamin*; that la10 the propostien to appoint a penaaaaat ostotf taienutheraJ^y sflhtrsoftbesociety,itwouldbeaa- ,„«,, todoiso,astherewasalreadytastUniaocssvm.tw * fully emt-owered la the matter.Tbe Secreterf report** that the following gentlemen 3bis views.had h**a recommended by tbe Sanding Committee for membership —4A» regular timbers—Lieut. C. B. Comstock, United gut.-* Navyi Dr.r.V.Marraam),Fall River,J.«-Ala* wono, Barre, rvormaa Eastman, Fail River, M. R Coo- way, C uciBuati.As associate members-Geo. T. Hammond,Newport; L. A . L U a b ^ j ^ L k m . S c o i t R u a B e U . J r . I a g i a a d .IToft- str J. W. CoaxLir', of Hagerstown, MaryIan I, inquircl t I'rufi ssor Whitney whether be could not fix tbe p e od, aa nearly aa possible, of the Hindoo theory of the 8 eriiy of the earth: because Eratosthenes had meat* i a the earth locg before tbe beginning of theCbr M ii era and IA Place lays It down that the Greeks ban n pud 'he mode of admeasurement from more" Ethnological Vaiue of the Imitative Faculty in Relation to tbe Characteristics and Ancient and Modern American Races."FOURTH DAT.NKWPOKT, August 4, 1800.The association met at ten o'clock this morning, when tbe ha'l was crowded to excess by ladies and gentlemen* Among the latter were the Hon. Stephen A. Douglas and Mr. Ogdeh, of New York.' There having been three or four papers left over from the programme of section B yesterday, which had not been announced for discussion in general session,Dr. MouKis, of Baltimore, drew attention to the fact, and ehcited the Chairman's decision, who said tbat the de- ferred papers would take precedence of the programme of Ihe day.Df. BARRET complained tbat two papers sent in by himbari| been entirely neglected. He was served the same while the cotton crop held out equally flattering their usual prominence among the bulls and bears. way at Springfield last year.Huled out of order. jirospects, that the Importation of foreign goods Among the Western, securities the speculativeTbe following gentlemen were elected associate mepv this fall would be the largest ever kuown. excitement has affected good and bad alike. The here—SamuelMiller,ofRochester,andDr.JabezTJpbam,an* ;en rioW.lb it.jot)— -Thou iiangest the earth upon nothing '—to at the ace enis had an exact knowledge of the i.l the earth and he thongh* it a subject well wortn tuJying, whether ihe astrouomy of the ancientiwas ti iu-re i>ertect than our own.xsor Ha.vH-k- theu restated some of the principalpo.nt f a leeture wach he had delivered on the pre-vious ven.iig on atraospaericai electricity. The objectwas give an explanation of a nsw kind of electricityAll I phenomena ol atuinspberical, which arc seenthruu h the instruments of observers, are phenomena oflndut en. They do not spring from the atmosphere but from (lie earth. If a kite or a balloon be sent up itreceii- a powerful spirk of electricity. The earth tail ways j negatively electrified. The Professor explained a numbjrr of experiments tu proof of bis theory.Now* on sources of error in the employment of picric acid * detect the^presence of potash, and on a series of new bombiuations of ammonia, picric acid and metallic ham-si by M. C. Lea, were: presented by Professor B. &LU *iVJr.jbject of the tlrst of these papers was to show that acid is not a reliable test to discover the presence, from the (act that I. form* a similar precipi . ith the salt of soda, ammonia, h e , and can only be byed in analytical chemistry and with the greatestiutton by the most experienced personat second paper waa a continuation of a former oir by the saiae author, and waa published In SiUi-jounutl in Novwnvber, 18S8, and treated of a ty of chemical combinations of solpfaur, copper, cadm urn, chromium and manganese and ironse grctleman also read a short paper on the fustion of wet fuel, showing how great economyIboearnedoutintheadoptionofanewfurnacein ret fuel could b e burnt. This would be o f pex- beneni to tbe southern sugar properties, where s oFINANCIAL A N D COMMERCIAL.SUNDAY, August 5,1*G0. We sha'.l probably be able to present to-morrow theusualtablesofthecommerceoftheportforpn the other., If the great harvest makes Galena worth 15 per cent more than it was, jthe same cause will produce the same effect on New York Central. The business of the Central has been very good all this year; this fall it willl a . upwards.WHI^KXV —Sales 600 bbls. at 20^0. a 21c, chiefly atthe latter figure.SHIPJPjJNG^NEWS.Woveiiicnn off Oeesm Nteamers.FROM arson.\jfatnm. Lear**. Da:*. farbook i show }:0C tobi*loot of Montague street, Brooklyn. This vessel has been pre- Thereisnothingnewwithregardtocotton.Some cost$70,000. Nopartofitisnowfenced. sentedtoMrGeraubyhisfriendsfortbepurposeofteatingu'.bor.tyr vi HirxnT sa.J the period eonld not be fixed •priairtyr rUssON Minded to certain expressions in thethe month of July, and w e consequently omit to-day our customary tables 0 f last week's busiueat.The week was active both in the import and the probably be the largest ever known. The recentNEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, AUGUST 6. I860.largeamountso moneywill r»-neededtom.v184*-4S~in all ZldU results. Each observation wasremaning, same'y, that the met** in qwtjgp «'•»•» M i d with i i corresponding lunar bour w d thejoorty the crops, and the steady flow of bullion to Eqr*pe,norinals used for comparison. Prom 8,000 to » . W ob- it should be the bounden dutj of bank senagers atservations teamed to be required to br «««JJJsjaaulusssrSwft"ttS£sttrAsS satisfactorily. Both ^ e s a t ^ W e r t £ * « £ £ * i r f l h e the present tfme to pursue a conservative coar**.nmrked;thoseoccurringwAeathemoon««•*•,"JJ Itwasbydepartingfromthissaferule,andexpand-We>ilr* to Narlnm.. AthirdclaraCtusBw»hasbeenplacedattb*Ha»MAr>— er and ihe e*traoei iato roruaod aariMr^coming fruau the wmMrard.' the iAaktaouseGRrtNsT^ ttfust 3,16*0Naw LICIT*ATerrm vsrrsu Aim AJTCOSA.• «•»>««*> — ~_ Wkcswa. •'"""•••IT M U S v a v D w i n n n , O m r c I . i c t m i o c s u B<- ••••••Jy? OftclaltoformatlonhasseeJreesr^d'a• • * • • g BSt^iw-^ffiES^ - lohwassthesffaS^TJ»a«3 S H U b e i n g F * » ^ * ? ^ S £ L c S S t e dingtwelvemillion;inJulyandAugust1867, thatthe b a n k s g o t t h e m s e l v e s i n t o a p o s i t i o n f r o m w h i c h'*notescapewithontdisgrace.Ittothe t h e y OMU— _ — "m t h e o m a a , a a d i tI s ^ p e s a i b l s ^ ^ J U ^ J ^ L S nv e l u e o f t h e I o n * . * TM ^ * * £ _ t J X , S l u m b e r servatiOLB gave xl.37, from f ? 0 " 1 ^ **.^ ""- •• ofobservation*.BothatthePbiladaroo^tvmmm „, worthy of every consdenea.» | [ ; ! JComparative ^ootogj, at Cambridge, bat the learned Pro- bridre. This sum had been found to be insufficient foraaiK-r not b*»ing arrived, on motion, the association ad- hat waa accordingly opened in Boston for the pur- Peace Society. Why this to so is one of those bar i, ethicalfiM't'A, and keeMembled in sectKme.raoaacuK.8 dt aacnoa A—MAtirsiiATics,primes ANDcaaMISTS*.Oe this atttion coming to order, Profeeaor WilliamC h e d w i c k w a s " " . " t e d C h a i r m a n o f t h e d a y .l u r o e s r f f l u l n c e o f t h e i L d i a p o a i t k m o f P r o f e s s o r B n c h e ,his paper onldeclinotneter t»beervations made at Girard Ciieao, in rdier*-nce to the influence of the moon onthe Magnetic ue*i:uUion, was poitpoaed.Profraroi ^ B ROCKS*proceeded^ttb hiepaper, expla-aeury of seme interesting experiments in regard to bino-euw visiuOjTbis waa one of the moat able and Intenaelyisterettng dapcrs of tbe session, and the erttdltkm and re-search of t$ie distinguished scientific gentleman werenever ueed #>th better effect, t h e subject of binocularvision, be ftid, had been frequently considered by emi-nent men! In all '.ts phjaical, metaphysical and performing now: and also to demonstrate tbe affinities pbuoaophxtl relation*. Sir David Brewster had which exist between the various sciences. Healluded to the arrangement of the Jardin des Plants nade v . i j extensive .nve8tl{atlons into the sub- in Paris and the British Museum in London—with provisions), Jul> 28, Ut 52 54. Urn 71 S3•hip J Reals. Crocker, frou. NOrleaas for Liverpool (or Lon-don) july t. ml *1 lonSlhhto DaSoto, Keld, lrom NOrtoans for Uverpoot, July S t lat36 14 km 74Snip Patterson. Hill, from Liverpool for Baltimore, July 12,l a t 4 9 , k m 2 0 . . .Ship Harvest Queen, from Liverpool for NYork, July U , 1st6 0 4 9 . t o n 2 0Sup Jodhh Tonro. Tlasscom, from Liverpool for Providence,July 17, l»t 46 Ion 60.Ship Arnolu Boninger (Pros). Haahagen, from Helroet torthe axis <»< the two eyes are extended over the whole oh- of the student. The question was the adoption of the beet»ctatuncf From some s.mple experiment which he means for combining science and its requirements; and asfromIhe trade Dry cod was in good demand aad pricesCSBMFF. July 20— Arr Mootmorencl, Brown, Liverpool. Shitionel a ntomber of experiment* in pr»f of the fallacy of use his best efforts for the advancement of general scitbe doctrine of successive oombinatioos. Some of these ence. Everybody were aware of tho plan of governing these museums; but he would take care to have it so arexp^rroebu *Mtre very simple, and had for their basis ranged that at the entrance of each department there shall the converged of lines sad iguree as seen la a stereo- be a synopsis of tbe science for public information. Thesideslortbe museum should exhibit the four grand di- scene. II the theory of Brewster is to be carried eat, it visions of the animal kingdom, the articulated,large military establishments, but should rest exclusively on military education and national preparation. The skill and ingenuity of theChtcago Zouaves was then referred lo, as evidence of what proper organization and determination can effect. Capt. Hunt then sooke of military physics and mechanics. In studying the direct Instruments of war we have to consider projectile force, projectile me- chanism, and projectUea. Gunpowder now rules a s t h e autocrat of projectile forces. While nothing may ever take the place of gunpowder, it has faults which may be remedied. Thus Prombert, the beet of French artille- rists, has proposed to guard against magazine explosions by mixing stored powder with enough of charcoal just to fill the voids between the grains. Accidental combusttot would not then be explosive, but progressive. He looked on this a s a n admirable suggestion, aad a s new securi- ties in these days, when bombshells penetrate over twenty seven fe«t into Woolwich marshes, carrying down charges of 290 lba of powder. Of rifled firearms Captsome good mercantile exchange in the market at. Smoked herring were in good demand at 28c. a 30c. forwould belneceeaary that the eyes should have a centralLjeut i n r r corroborsted the views of Irofessor Rogers, u d tinted a case where, in looking through a lattice at avertebral, mammalial a n d molluscal. H e would have specimens of every animal In tbe world, arranged according to their geographical distinctions, a s well a s representations of tbe animals which have lived in ages past, fossils, i c . He was of the opinion that prospects were$1 10, accord me to quality.Hors continued in good demand, with sales within tw oNichols NYork: iSd. Martha's Vineyard. White, do. GCAVAHIIXA, PR,July29—NoAmveaaelinport. BAVBB, July 21—Air Borneo, Reed. Balumore.Wrndoor,at a ahort distance of it, it appeared to him very encouraging. Means were flowing in as fast as hecheck occurred.that it will be permanent, though the leading sheetOld Were quiet and nominal. The crop in the interior of tbe State was itaid to premise well, and it is supposed the yield will be about equal to the pick of last year. Reports regarding the English crops are somewhat contradictory. It is almost too coon as yet to form any very reliable option regarding results on either sideJas Guthrie, Pitman, NOrleans, T W House, Beerae, Galves- ton; 23d, Maitiand. Jones, Mobile.\iff do 22d. Rutland, Poster, from NOrleans.Sid 19th. China, Wiggins, NOrleans. N e w Hampshire, Lord, Bahla; 21*t, N e w Orleana, Rich; Calhoun, Marshall, s a d York Shire, Fairbanks NYork; Potosase, Reed. NOrleana.thai the**' were two doors to tbe barn, whereas there was but one 3b reality. This was entirely a mental process, but ine twojttgures were indelibly fixed upon the retina of the eye aa f they really existed.could consistently expend tbem, and the museum already stood in about the ninth rank among similar Institutions in the world. The British Museum has about 6,000 diffe- rent varieties of animals, the Jardin des Plants, 4,000,It does not seem to be expectedProfei ior Hmsav alw> made Home remarks on the sub- and tbe museum at Cambridge 3,000, illustrated by 40,000 ject am i alluded particularly to the extraordinary per-Cld 21st Belle of the t-ea, Janvrin, Boston; Belle ef the speculators have no stocks and are very anxious IRON—All kinds were dull. Jmall lots best Scotch pig Ocean, Chase; Rotunda, Percy; Guy Mannering, Dollard, snd< r t h e s a m e p u r p o s e , w h i c h s w e l l e d t h e w h o l e a m o u n t t o 1325,000. With this fund to begin with he would be able t o g i v e h i s p l a n s a n I n d e f i n i t e e x t e n s i o n , a n d b e h o p e d t o assist in forming a museum which will be unsurpassed by any in the world, one tenth part of the building has already been erected, and many of tbe sections arranged.f a v o r e d p o s i t i o n o f o u r o ^ n n a t i o n , I n b e i n g s p a r e d tbe necessity of mingling in such sanguinary games He d i d n o t t h i n k , h o w e v e r , t h a t b e c a u s e w e w e r e n o r blessed with peace that we can wisely assume for our- selves a perpetual exemption from the evils of war. Our restless energy and our national apoetlesbip of free in-of m o n e y , s o f e w h e a v y b o r r o w e r s a n d 8 0 l i t t l er a i l r o a d b u i l d i n g , t h a t i t i s d i f f i c u l t t o b r i n g o n e s e l fto look for Anything like severe stringencyin the market for some time to come. Byand by,whenspeculationismoregeneral, OrdinaryVptawU.Honda.6Ji\Q%1 2 *IfoWfe. iV. O & J>*stitutions and commercial liberty, together with a con- Theprincipalstudytowhichthemuseumwouldbedevo- stitutionallackofnationalmeekness,areelementspro-6* Middling uplands \Q%«« 10# 1 2 *NYork, .Iuly 6, lat .V 25. Ion 11 36.«X ShipZenobia.Peters,fromLeghoraMay30forBoston,Juneted would be comparative zoology, and every animal, birdhand Insect would be so exhibited as to simplify the science to tbe inquirer. He thought that the methods uow in use for tbe arrangement of museums was singuh r ly unfortunate. The modes BOWused are antiquated, and retard rather than assist the advancement of the science.lific in possible causes of future quarrel, and they c monly be controlled in favor or peace by great habitualgood sense and good feeling. N o t long since a Britishwhin people are buying enormous quantities of foreign goods on credit, and holding them for aMiddlrpgfair Fair.1I S *10Ji 13 14 ratesHe was led to the changes which he proposed to make by tbe following reasons:—Tbat the museum might show what science had accomplished in the past, and what it isthis would probably be found to be true after s^me months orsharp disatter had schooled us; but he hoped and believed it quite untrue tbat| we have any such insatiable appetite for war so that we should seek it without just cause. But It was right t|» be always preparea.and iu order to be so military education should be greatly ex tended. Knowledge wm* never more truly powerful thangot huge floating debts again, and are borrowers of erain were taken at 10*d., in ship's bar*; 1,000 bbls. at2percentamonth;whenafewthousandniorf ofdouratIs6d.;16hbdsoftallowat27s0J;1,000 waaseenJulylulat3920,Ion3196.ject, anal be shows that binocular vision* are where the galleries extend for fully a mile, and when developed in the conduct or military affairs. War is a science which demands all the power or man and mat-a* cesser ilyj performed by a cumulative process, in wh e h said that it was bis opinion that such extensive arrange. ter. The fabrication and service or its munitions call for meats)served mors to confuse than to help tbe research a high order of special skill. He next alluded to thedred Soxes at fi. . •jrices.FISH—The ma k«t continued firm, with a good demandOrleans; T A Oncbran. Noyea. NYork. Stat (not Ufa), Essex, Harts, and R A Hfcre, Stewart, NOrtews.be wah not one of those w h o desired t o cast away valu-bills,and110%agfor shortr-thequotationinbothGeorges Bank, at 84 37* Mackerel was in good re- quest with fair KU«« making, 010 26 a 010 60 for No. 1 , No. 2 $13 25 S $18 60, and large No. 3 $0 a 00 26.ha" mace, he bad found reason to question this theory of able collections which had been brought together In manyBrewster, Brick*y and others. The Professor then meo- yeer«+-to tear down rather than to build up—he would file. Our military greatness should never be based oncases being for first class bankers' bills.There fsI*UBC« of the memory in amrmieg that tbe same result specimens. Tbe remarks of Professor Agassis were re- Hunt spoke In high terms, and declared that none ceived with much approbation.Prof.- aor ijtrowre and President Ftox also offered some mteri-si ing olworvations: after whichProfe w>r R«HIEB» add<-<i some practical observations on the UMiof the stereoscope, one of the most important of whwh * i u application to the detection of spurious bunk aoK-s ]lf t*o not. a made from the same die, engravedprefiaefc alike, with all the letters and ogures ofthe •anie sifa', be planed'in a atereoacope, they will unite to- gether and be perfectly smooth and straight- but if one of ttie iJuiee should not be ao perfect, If any of the letters or Ojri.rrs in their distances be ever so minutely differ- ent tt.{ionsesiHjueuo* will b e that a very irregular face w.:i presented, Wjd the letters ould stand away"alataff— from another lik. Hie ragged regiment of Falstaff—ail o u t Ine. (>n the eontiusion of bis paper, the i'ro- ft Mi r as iottdly applauded.Tin' Tt paper wiia read by Professor W. P . WHrnrrr, '•<)n i t . IHiU :uid Methods of tho Hindoo Astronomy "'alluded to the immense sums expended by Eng land and Prance for fortifying their coasts. In conclu- sion, be said that siege and harbor warfare will have to press into service the intense lights of modern science. An electrw.Drummond light, arranged to sweep the sur- rounding ground, or to show the movements of vessels, would convert the night into day. Artillery and rifles furnished with telescopic sights would then be fixed with nearly the same precision at midnight as at noonday. This$110c for both kinds of Rockland.NAVAL STORBS were quiet at 38c. for shipping barrels,while rosin was dull and nominal. OILS—Crudewhalecontinued ingooddemandatthe40; so that if they are to become as valuable astheyoncewere(andtheycannotfailtodoBOun- werereportedatpricesvaryingfrom60ca61c.a62c.,and Southamp on, Austin, NYork; Mongolia, MeSmer, New Orleana.Adv 2Sd. Canadian (•»), Graham, for Quebec 96th; Buropa (s),Leftch.forBoston 28th;Kangaroo (as),Bronka.forNYork 26U>; Damascus (as), Langlauda, for do via Halifax 30th, Per- sia (s), Judklns for do Aug 4; Jeremiah Thompson, Blake, for do sanr e day (23d); Str Robt Peel, Larrabee, for do2»th. Henry Clay. CauUdna, for do 30th; Neptune, Peahody, for do Aug I; Roger A Htern Stewart, for do with despatch; Lorenso, Mar- wick, for Philadelphia 2tth: Wallace. Lane, for do, to succeedi of tins iKiper was to show that tho astro- . .ute of the Hindoos was not so anciont uaimed, and that In fa.-t it was not olderSome interesting discutiion ensued, after which tht Conventioa adjourned to ten o'clock on Monday mornfog.160; bbls., including cotmtry mess at $4 76 a $6, re- they did then, and have nofloatingdebts, and all packed mess $8 60 a $10 60, and extra do. at $11 a $12 50.thebenefitoftheeconomiesofthepastthreeyears, i\itmeatswerescarceandpricesnominal. Lardwas firre, with sales of 260 a SCO bbls. and tierces st 13>jc aPi«ATLA, June 16—In port ship Sea Nymph, Whiting, for NYork ldg.Pieroc. July 20—Arr brig Tornado, McCarty, NYork.QCBBBSTOWN. July 20—Arr Almirante doPorto, Maso,NewThe >>L 11. .1.aa it• i . i t iTh.i I udiKs, DOdoubt, derived their astronomy from t Greeks, but were not content, like the Arabs, to borro ana adopt, and confess their borrowing, but theycofferdamforfoundationsunderwater. Thepeculiar TbewholecompanyshortlyaftervisitedFortAdams. features of ibis invention is in tbe use of pliable and im- penetrablecoatingintheplaceofpuddling.Thearrangement of tbe frame is similar to the adaptation of theordinary coffer dams. It is also considered superior be- cause it may easily be taken to pieces.lie first period of the Christian era.thethingseemsquitepossible. Allexperience 13*c,and2t0kegaat13*c.a13*c. Butterandcheese York 2Ut.Gezusiers,Ylsaery,Philadelphiawe* steady snd prices uncbaigeu. Off do SOih. Spark the Ocean, Drummond, from Ca lao; John, La num. from Brunt wick, Oa.e,t the whole system, giving new names bushingnewcombiuations. Inregardto stellar y, the Hindoos held thai there waa an indepen- olutton of the stars. They held the existence ofat 4V ; prime was held at 6 c SMtri's.—Cloverwasmostlyheldoutof market,reportsmonth.Miirin*.Julv21-SidPennsylvania, NYork.BT ALBAH'S HBAP, July 19—Off, bark Nord Amerika, fromvancement of any new theory, but for the valuable infor-mation it conveyed and tbe collection of reliable observa-tions made during the eclipse.Prof. E B. HIST gave a description of a new portablecountry.•$10 16 a $19 26 for new mess, and closed in some cases a t we are gTrtng to deal in these properties at the old $19 10. oln mess was S18 38, new prime 014, and primeLav-recce Brown. Pierce, Port PhlnpRid from Graveaend 21st, Patrick Henry, Moore, NYoril.I OSDOKUBBBY, July 19—Arr (not aid) Katahdln, Amabury,Inilianand ita*;r mdei-t rseven jlanets, to each of which they gave independent gold in vtins, with notes upon remarkable gold speci- neighborhood of Sixth avenue and Nineteenth street, name* fludanorigin. Theyalsohadtheirideasonthe mensfromGeorgia. andpestmarkedJuly31,reacheditsdestination,with spher ol t h e < trliiThesectionthenadjourned. sacnox n.Nsw YORK, August 6,1860. ReadingintheIIKBAIn today your remarksuponthe manigement (?) of tbe "City delivery" of the New Yorketockp;ifthepuliliegoonbuyingastheyarehotvdoing, there will be twice as many buyers as therenow are when prices are twenty per cent higher. thejvlews of buyers. The last sale nere comprised 900 Callao via Valparaiso scon.Prof. BLAKS made some remarks on th e distribution ofPost (Wee, I would state that a letter directed to theregarding t b e present being unfavorable. Timothy sold at S4 3 7 * and w a s firmly held. Linseed was held aboveNYork for Bremen.SVDNF.T, NSW . May 14—In port ship Continent, Glbbs, f o rPnof. Dm.. WIISOJI then addressed the section on the telegraphic despatch, last evening, August 4, at sevenbagfe and 200 pockets at $1 72, and 600 do., In Boston, at New York Central has attracted but little atten- $1.69, and 3 800 do., to arrive there, at $1 70, snd 200tionoflate. ComparativelytotheWesternstosclts, dojtoarrivehere,at$170.St GAKM—Tbe market closed with much siffness, whileSOMBRCBO. July 20—In port bark Warren, Benthal. uc<-, brig 1-enl, Travers, for Alexandria ldg; schr Jno W Miu.land, Let-man, for Baltimore do.Anitritan Ports. ALEXANDRIA^Ang 3— Arr schrs Georgia, Dealing, P m k -ham: S«-a Witch, Wicks, St Martins. Jamtw House, S.iragi.e. Fail River; Wm Mason, Staples, Taunton W m A Crocker Kn- dicoit. IHtbton; Arctic, Blrka, a n d Statesman. Mott, NTnrk, Sid schra Hi7Ji Wikiams T»ylor, and S M WTieeler, Meglock- lht. Lotion: Marianna, Gthba. Cr-hanet Narrows: Andromeda, Rowland. N e w Haven; Helen Mar, Tutbtll, DlgntoD: r rank ;a Bell. Robinson Somerset, J 11 Kmaey, Chamber and, NYorkBOSloN. Aug 3—Arr bark Tremont, Raker, Philadeipiiu: brus Jubt Pieice. Howard, and G en Marshall, Segar, Carde- Lfts: Geo Amos, Nkhoia Philadelphia;» brs Elvira, SpaulJmg, Jacksonville, ( hi.mKr.eter, Piers.ui, Georgetown, DC Mar- rhall renin, Gtbbs; Ann 8 Cannon. Noweu, and Mania Wrigbtineton, Harter. Alexandria Sylvantw Alien, Sears Bal- timore. J .Vaifieid, May; M M Freeman. Ntekeraon; T P tur- ned Ireland; D S Meiahon, Allen. Sarah. Manner. Polly Price, Adams: J < lark. Steecher; A Cordery, Babcork; Lizzie Maul. Henderson; Charm, l-orovg; J M Vance. Burdge, and Water Wilch, Hill, Philadelphia; J u S t e e l e , Martin, Washington, N J ; Charter <»ak. Keiley, Klicabethuort. Village <Jem, Baker, Fort fcwen; Wary Mankin, Beers, and Lottie, Taylor, NYork. Old. ste*mers Joa Whimey, Loveland, Savannah; Kenatngton, Ba- ker, Phlladtlplia, baik Saxony, Sonne, Pug wash, to load for England; s< brs Pennsylvania, Turner. Savannah; Mjor.llght, Sliites. Baltimore: Medora. Bartleu, Philadelphia, Maria L Da- ria. Small; PrincraVLovell, and Antoinette M AckefljAcken, N tork. Sid, wind SV. .good breeze, steamers Joseph w h i n e y , Kensington, ship Geo Washington; brigs Martha Randall, Lili- an, Young Republic.4th, AM-iArr ships Rufua Choate. Rich, Liverpool: Eacham-anemones. & c, which he illustrated by rough drawingsson and Pantbea. Clark, Boston; Starlight, York*, Pjrtlaadi John L kedner, Cordery, Salem: (iitterv Green, Weaver. Lyi n R N Dean. Cook. Taunton: Viator. Sears, Lane's Cow; Halo, Newman. Newbury port; West Wind, tiilman, Jiewp*«i Jar Martin, Harding, a i d Willow Harp, Wtla^, Prondeno*;Sarah C Willetu, WllUanm^Sahatntry. Lane Star. Burrow* N>- 126 merset; I'ndtoe, Htsley: B Thempeon. Thompson, and Elixaiiew A Eleanor. lias . NYork. Cld steamer Delaware Cannon. S York, bark Cheater, Atkins, Boston; brig Brandvwtaa, Bar- man. Pernambuco; schrs Silver Magnet, Perry; Maria Boaao- na. Palmer Oe->rge Edward Weeks and J H Stroup, Coewf. Boston; L J Redner. Cordeiy, sad Ivy, Henderson, 8aess;*'; bert Green. Weaver. Lynn, 8 O Wiuetta, WUSams, Roshorj. Halo, Newman, Newburvport: Willow Harp, Wuse, K Green- wich; MaiirEeiley. endSD Bellows, Oar* Proridenos; J • Curus.ClarkNewLondon.Cddtee,Waley,NewHaven.P*»-a—s-m-aai. JUNKY ASO> caouwT. ons blackboard. Themouthsofthesepolyps,heshowed,This section, aa coming to order, elected a chairman forthe day, and immediately proceeded to business. united by their smaller ends. W as the mouth of thesewere situated in tbe centre of a mass of spherical wedges,Profeesor J. a warrx** read a paper giving an account animal.- to be considered tbe anterior part of tbe body or prices. Unfortunately for consumers, the newsf/ora. of ihe lead regie*oi the Upper Mississippi, where he has not He said not. The mouth cf these animals could not Europe, in which eivery country except France isShifs BarksTotal....will have his bond, but no land.Withthe same fatuity that often attends men in Barksdesperate positions, which blinds their reason aad ohipflbetterjudgment,thelandgrant bondholders them- Barks Brigs... 32.. 31 Smith D Bellows. Clark, and J S Curtis, Clark Middletowt;eonducttag a gveangisal survey daring the last St all be compared with the mouth of animals of a higherorder. The paper was a very interesting one in all its going to have a sh<j>rt crop, does not justify the ex-^fthe paper was to show bearings. pectation that food will be unuBuaily cheap daring extent of the dwinots oocupaed by lead ores aad theSteamships. Ships. IS 43teCiheer occurrence; aad the Professor especially Professor Agassi* concluded by statinj tbat it is his in- the ensuing year. areterthatheoryoftheirdeposition,with special refer- •fattentoreducethescienceofzoologytosuchasystem£»*"**«> wtu be a regular aad fixed standard by which 1tothepracticaloperatwoofauniag. It wasshown 1Total... •••••«•« ••••••••MtMiMtll VV'*I«*4IIIIMIIMI ISOurbankswillprobablyshowadeclineofspecie suedladepth,aaddonotex- ciassaicationsactinconformitywiththatstandardmast to-morrow.Withoutcountingtheshipmentofyes-wtuansrosT, Hc.of theaatore of true vela*, r?* *** of all animals, and any one offering names and •aid below law beds Of she blue limestone. ^rL°^^ •^-SJPTSSSS.I•»••.•.*.Total.>••••••••••••eeee19 oa.ah ea they are limited |terday,theyhavelost$2,30<M>«o,byexport, sinceselves are quarrelling over a carcase which they have not yet obtained, nor is there any immediatethea. Clark. Pair Haven: Chief. Champltn, Norwteh. PORTLAND, Ang 3-Arr steeunahtp Ctasapesks, ^rfJ^JNYork;schr Wampoo. Dawea, Calalafor do tMbrigs Aim* RoweJL White. Cardenas; Fannie Rosa. Caba, , ,PROVINCETOWN. JellW-Fid schrs EhsaJane,H>«•«*. MYork; nrev to Ang 2, Badoon. Bangor for Baltimore.PBOvlDINCElAug S-Arr^fmer Wr*che«er, J * - , NYork; schrs Challenge, Pickens, Philadelphia; Arto^AiiaUa. Elteabethport; itec^lUry DaUaa, Racken. do •MgswAl- bert Pharo. Cavalier, Philadelphia, SmwaJLmehs. RJsrdW- do(orBaltimore);MariettaHand.Terry.Weijatsr. Hall**. sadtsselmeiPotter,Beebe.MYork;sloopTTafawSOon,Haw kins PertEwen, .,PAWTTJCE1T. AngS-Arr sekrs U AT Cramer. HoslW Philadelphia, Ana Amelia, Hulae. E'.irabethport.^SA V ANNAH. A ug 1 - A r r steamship Alabama MTorkiSesrhleanor. Haxehon.do _ . ^-wa,.-i a e s t inqairy w a a , b y what cheavieal proeeas were erevice. SUed with theastshurets of lead, stec andSltmeUea or actual igu11ion—Steamships. !£n *£?£%%? ? £ - * ^"*iPel Results on the Observa;J Thursday, nearly a Bullion from California, and prospect that they will do so. They are pitted Tetai..Brigs.SAVASSAB. ... 1 Brigs • * • •... 1- Brigs Id 'r, heeasaaiatalaedb y somehavebeenreceivingalmostdailysmallparcelsofgoldfrom the South and the interior. But, on the otheragainsteachotherabouthalfandhalf—eachparty haveappointed their committees, whohavemet several times,aad as often separated, withthe unanimousagreementthattheycouldnotreconcile••••••«••«••••••*»••iisnotesinglethe*inoftheore iathedistrictinesesUanK S C v ^ T b * w s a i l S S S ^ S ^ i ^ ^ hand,theWesthasbeendrawinguponushearty toMr,presentedaTewdayssi?l ^ !!£"££»£" tonowtreatedofaSSMSU^eahm on^n^Ssttch*m7m»?Y!S!?%*r.Vm " * d b y Professor A. D. BACK, second£in^7a^5i5*B"Bher Harbor,"madebythe•ccuna wrisneu expedition iindar i-»m_.nri «r r» c v ts^SxS^i^»^ * *°» -the last average was made up. They received, onWesternMr. E. H. HZTCBCOCKnext e ^ n t e - p g , „ , th««<Geology earnest hope of tha mercantile community U*t &.mmoni to •*<*» Westers extra| 80 a • »» JS • •Put teope- atCivitaVeechiaaadther^jBerat AbAona.Ths ittre and height of these IA*hthouseaars net given, Ithe combination of the metal with snlphar was la an of Rhode Island," ^ t l w o r T oi H,. Hitchcock, who is a they will not repeat the error this year, but that, Bt. Louid extra.to super- S L V t a tt* lead regloa, the only one origudly depo •PO&ieSB professor or that name, created considerable ta*fcht by experience, and remembering the duty Mixed to straight Southern* * a t0 s o a* t • • they are hodi Utatttneted with the rr*»«*l aoparatua, and iSted. SolphnrettMhydroswalstheoaly agent eapable dsffttssten, but no satisfactory result.e t r a l g h t ^ l ^ a x ^ d o ^ . ^ . . - - OioloseJrtmlsjadyatidbaaer^r^^Ryeftou|,.„..4,:rtT.-...>-^,...7.revolvingwhtobgbta-*s*formerecltpaedonesta4t and the latter ones » a fesssasstByorderoftheU^uhouseBeard. R.8KMMR8,Secretary.W h a l e s u a .A letter from Capt Lawrence, of bark Aha. MR, report* barat Valparaiso June 28, with 1000 bbls »p and 776 do wk oil a j told, all well. ^ofprndptwrni theamtahTfromtheirsoloUoalathe formofsulohnrets,"ModernWarfare—ItsSckoasaad*'*-"-r?u"*••* verylengthyandcriticallyprepared paperbyCaptain HCVTwhoreaditbeforetbemembersofthesseeciationthfcyowetomerchants*theywillpursuesucha courseaswillleavethemfreetobeofsomeser-7 M » $ »aao»4icrtofeamBoexaaandBumfavoredtheigneous theo-of deposit*, and the latter cited several fac,'.* In proof just prior to their projected vimt tb Fort Adams, on ti»e vice to their customers in October and November —Canadian sour was' in tolr supply, while extra brandsprofessor Aoxsmz then addreesed the section on the proposed plan for the arrangement of a first c l u s m amviution oTCaptain Cullum, the officer m charge. This fortification Is well known as being one or the strongest u d best constricted la this country, occupying, as itnext.Homey has grown rather dearer since last week.were rathe* scarce; the sales embraced about WO bbls. at fetor 4p*rnM,aau 8*20 a M M tor extras. Soiitharn flour was to good request, sad prices were firmer, WithA letter from rapt Gtfford. of atrip fVean. NB, dated Pa*** seam of comparative sooJbgy at Cambridge. He beg in Comfort. Tbe associations connected with the place Bates are 5 a 5J per cent for call loans, with ex- sales of 2,300 bbls., closing within the range of the above July It, reports her arrival the day previous from a enuae laby explaining the nature aad uses of a museum of the extent of tbe one proposed, aad said that it was intended to eihib.t the progress aad condition of science,and therefor* its arrangements should be conducted upon strictly scientific principles and by tbe aid of modern art. His own experience had taught him that his mode of ar- rangemeats corresponded exactly with the insight^of t h i n g s w h i c h h e h a d g a m e d d u r i n g h i s l a b o r i o u s i n v e s t i -does, a rank second only t o Fortress Monroe, a t Old Point are very interesting, surrounded as they ar*quotations. Ryeflourwas la steady request at the abovecharge of tbe mate, having taken nothing but a tew bUckfiah- oil as before reported. Had resumed command and would! sailthatdayonaUm$croate.questions which takes refuge in tbe cavernous gloom where the origin or evil lies, He then made some very appro mate general reflections on the late terrific wars Inheavy .with sales of Canadian and Western at 30a a 38c , and State at 38c. a 39>,c.CoFFta—rTbemailtei was quiet but firm, while sales were limited; 100 bags laguayra triads changed hands at p. t.i Rio was Held above tbe views of b lyers, who s e e m e d d i s p o s e d t o a w a i t t b e a u c t i o n s a l e o f n e x t W e d nesday.COTTON w a s i u i T v e , a n d s a l e s c o n f l n e d t o a b o u t 8 0 0 baits, in lota, un tne basis of the following quotations:—SKW TORK a-AasrFiCAHON.pose of raising additional funds with which to prosecutethe enterprise, and be was happy to say that, in a compa-ratively brief period, the sum of »76,000 was collected and Europe sad In India, and the barbarous massa country and in this city, and there are so few added to the tM.MO given by Mr. Gray. Subeeqoentiy theLegislature of tho State made an|»ppropnati»n of tKOjOOOcres of the Druses in Syria and passed on to consider the venterprises at work which consume large amJuntogreat improvements which have been made In the person- nel and materid of armies in directive po ver, in execu- tive skill, and in the thorough training of the rank andKong.COLORADO. .Trine 29—Sid ship Atlas, Brtgbimaa tfrasa Mazat-lan), Falmouth, E n gDsiL, July 22—Arr Delfthaven. Frees*, NOrleans (and aidfor London); John H EUtett, Tucker, and Keersege, Leantt,Cronstadt for Bristol (and both anchored).10B5 a £, but it is notsufficient in amounttosatis- GrJirv »:M>TH—The last sale at Boston comprised 260 FALMOUTH, July 28—Arr JohnCurUa, Alexander, Havana.o'clock.A CONSTANT REAPER,export trade, though in regard to the former the Ogures fall behind those of last year.arrangements effected at Saratoga will make a difference this fall of half a milliois of dollars to the Central, and as much to the Erie. By and by theftftc ngaroo.ioGalway Liverpool. Roiiihamuton Liverpool.July 24.. .Nsw Tork July z s . . . N e w York Julv 36.. .New YorkThus far the autumn business does not quite ful-fil general expectation. It was supposed, when the tide of speculation will probably strike these crops of the wheat were seen to promise s.o largely, liifherto neglected stocks, and they will resumeJuly SSQuebeceve 869 mora 11 93of Sew York- The month of July did not confirm these public seems to be of tbe opinion that while the fcteamshlr R R Cnyler, Crocker, Savannah, with mdse andArthur W. Wright, of New Haven; Robert H. Lamb3on, anticipations. It i3 possible that many imof Philadelphia; Dr. De Witt C. Morgan, of Baltimore,oud former will be rendered still better by the harvest, Hos. D. King, of Montreal, were unanimously elected porters, taught by previous disappointmeute, the latter will become worth something. The famous general members.Mrs. Dr. Howe sent in a letter inviting the members of the association to visit LaWton's Valley on Monday even- ing lo take tea.were mvwilling to take anything for granted with La Crosse land grant bonds have advanced fromera to Ludlam A Heineken.Urn B Sawyer (ot Harrington). Frietts, Havana, Julysugar 4c, lo Poet a Small. Anchored at the Lower rantil eEiizabethport; schrs George A Utile, Adams, Georgetown, t V : Julia Maine Preston, Alexandria; Julia Ann, Harding; Daniel Towntend. Townsend; Mary K Pierce Smiih. Eugene, Parker; Percy Heilner Marts and Woodruff Simma Maaoa, Philadel-On motion o f Professor coated.ROGEKS,t h e invitationwasa ctendency, and deemed it unwise to increase their orders when everybody seemed likely to be doingSchr Continental. Baker, St George, 10 days. Seven Sisters. Crowley, Calala. 7 day Rebecca. Flummer, Macbiasport, 7 days.dout; Thomas A Seymour, Keliey; Iria. Lewis, aad 8 D Hart, Ward, Elix&bethport Mary kmma. Baxter, and Seraph, alien. New York. Signal for 1 bark and 2 briga Hid. wirdSW with rain bark Saxony. Bark Nueces sailed K rid a v night.regard to the wheat crop, while others,especiallyabout ten per cent to twenty-six within sixty days.panr their visit lo Mrs. Dr. Howe. volume of the July imports. It is, however, too for that distance, and are liable to have their trains 1'rofessor AUASSUdelivered the first paper of the morn-ing. He said that the progress of natural science does early yet to speak confidently of the fall traie. of cars stopped until it is paid for. The owners ofSteamer AUda. Robinson. Philadelphia. Steamer Wamsntta, Arey, Nsw Bedford. Steamer Westchester, Jones, Provtdeneuna; brigs San Juan, TSbaaco; Ianthe, 1RUtegwood, Sombrero; Samuel French, Parsrwa. St John, NB_:"sachrsuohawk. Staples, Guayantlla; Isabel, MUboume bt Andrews; Empire, Marshall. Windsor, N8; Henrietta, Jonea, Calais; Louisa Gray, Weaver; Sarah Ann Roe, Baker; Home, McLeOan W m Allen, Grant, and Sarah A Hanjmond, Patne, Boston, Isabel AlbertoTTooker. Wareham: Joha^L DarBng, Howes, Providence; Prowwas,Iu)f^*^lKJ*lbeiJ!iTE.e'irTork CMsteamerBDeFord, HalleU. Boston vfa Norfolk, bark Jane E Wuiiama, Wllaon, Marseilles; brig Santa Clara. EUingwond, Portland; scars Peer leas, Patterson, f t Johns, P R ; Lookout, Thonton, Portland: Isaac Morse. Parson*, Annesviam, Mam: Mist, Dtscsrway, N e w York. SM brig R C Wright. Havne, Rk> Janeiro.BANGOR. Aug 2—Arr schrs Norman < Vattea, and R H Col- SOBjCotoari, NYork. Cld schr Seaman, Phil ipa, BaltlmireCHARLESTON, A n g 1—Arr schrs Chas Henna), Horton a n i AIiWebb.Weoh.NVark. CMschrSJWaring.Smith,New York. Sid skip Wm Chamberlain. Knap*. LiverpoolPAUL, RIVER, A ug 1—Sid brig Rodney Can, Usher, P V * - derphia.2d—Arr scars N B Bord*n, Brightmau, Bahtesore-. Adeie K* •e*a.Gai«STMMEnzabewhport;TWThome.Davkt,NVora Bid 3d, schr Mary Nowel* Covill. Philadelphia.(JARIUNRR, Jnly 2«— Arr schrs Rodman M Ptorce. Kenef. Philadelphia Marv Shields, Want, Jersey City. Sid 27th, schr Honesty, Paulin, NYork.GEEENPORT, LI.Aug2—ArrsloopsNearchua, Onfcr, and Sua<>lk Tuthill, NYork; Mary Frances. Pratt, do.HARTFORD.AugS—ArrschtsFredHall.Ruaaell,EII/A- bethport; Neptune, Rodan, NBrunswick; L DanieM, Smith. M York sloops F 8 Warner,Cheney. Eltiabethport; Co-iuette, Hurlbut,Nortbport. SidAug3steamersStulWaterTrem- per, Rondout; 4th Cuncaa, Bates. NYork. schrs A G Hazard,not depend so much on the accumulation of our informs tien as upon the method in which this ioformatiou is consideredandcombined. Infact,theresultsofour studies are to be controlled by the methods of our inves- tigation, and t h e results are only satisfactorily proved when they are found to stand the test of a careful criti-Wind during the day N, very light. Telegraph Marinefuel was necessarily consumed.|s led to a discussion amoagahe chemical professors, ciem Unhappily for soology, the devotees who applyWind NW, light; weather clear. ^.SANDY HOOK. Aug!, sunset—A ship and a brig at an-art of which is only fit for afetjecojnued transsc- I of th association. 1C W. HATKUT was tbe/next who read a , on tbe theory connected with <he solar spots Thisthemselves to its study are still lingering on the mere descriptive portion of the science. They satisfy them stives with describing that only which they gee. They have not yet been generally willing to sub- mit these facts to vigorous tests, and which should b e pursued a s severely a s those which botanist*, physicists and astronomers have long since learntdtoapplytotheirobservations. Infact,qualita-fear .involved very lengthy a n d abstruse arguments, aocom by pbtas and diagrams, which render it almost nble to condense the Professor's views. His lauding wastoshowthatsuddenatmosphericchangei,importers will certainly win the credit of havingresisted the most severe temptation to which tkey law requiring, under severe penalties, the road to leraoon last a beautiful yacht bearing the above *)*n»* wasapanied by sickness, which have never been tive testa have now become perfectly indispensable. The stray bales of the new crop are finding their way uted for, were caused by the ejection of some value of each observation must be tested before it can beThe eastern division claim to owrj the machi- Ms new Patent Rig for fore and aft vessels, and is the firs' nery and equipments of the whole ; road. yacht to which it has been applied. The launch was witnessed JudgmentcreditorsandBecondmortgagebond- byalargenumberofpersons,includingmanyofthefairsexwho no doubt had been attracted by the fact that the sails were holdershavefiledtheiranswersorcrossbiltodeny-madebytheestimableladyofMrQerau.Abandofmusksingthevalidityofthelandgrantmortgagebonds, fromGeorgeWarner'sQsrdenenlivenedthescenebyplaying $700,000ofwhichweresaidtobeissuedgratui- anumberofpopularairs. Afterthelaunchwaaoveraselectof matter from the sun. He gave a allowed to constitute an element of the science itself. He of calculations and observations which consideredtbatitwasagreatmisfortunethattherewas made on the subject, and said that ha only so much on this continent not yet described. Most stu- dent*haveremainedcontentwiththedescriptionsalrea-into the brokers' hands, while the remnant of the oldiscomingtomarketattheusualrateatthis season.Theforeignadvices,thoughnotveryfa-ititforwardtoelicittheattentionandconsider*Uon othergentlemen. Hehadfound that whenevertheaispotsonthesunappearedmostplentifullytherewerert| ways sudden changes in the weather, aocompa- time*, it ia not so now. W e want something more to will be, throughout the year beginning Septemberu edJby sore threats and other sickness. He thought also thii the aurora aorealw was caused by the matter pro petted from tbe sun, aad made It appear that tbe open iBgsjthroujta the luminous envelopes of the sun were pro *i eid by this ejected matter.This ted to a lengthy discussion", In which several gen Uesaeo parUmpated.ltoftest.tr MoosaL, of Nantucket, stated a curious fact in auonecUoB with the subject. H e said that, although he aether nassraad nor opposed the theory of Professor(ley, he weald stats a fact that perhaps was not m to say eae » the room but himself. Tbe summery e a r l t l i w a s t h e c o l d e s t t h a t w a s e v e r e x p e r i I,andatthattimethespotsonthesunwereaonuthattheywereremarkedbythepeopleinthe The ataaosnttere was always particularly hazy noky,aothatoneopuldleekuptothesunwiththe fed eye. A controversy areas at the time in the pa-arrive at the foundation of tbe relation* which next, a healthy and stable foreign demand, at or tously "to conciliate certain parties," $1,800,000 at Company of invited guesu disposed of the luxuries of the sea- Latimer, and Sylvester Gesner. Haiding, d aEEY WEST, Jule 17—Arr ship Star of the Union, Oorham. NYork; 20th, brig Huntress, Reed. Havana (and aid same day for Tampa;; schrs G G Baker, Bernard, 1'huadelphia. 23d, Cen- tral America. Seal Harbor, Adda, NYork; Ec Ipse, Cook, dv, Sid 90<h. bark Bogota, 8»gua.NORFOLK, Aup. 2—Arr brig Samuel Klllam, Cann, Bar. -c;dygiven,thinkingthatgloryand famecanbegained in vorabletospeculators,justifythebeliefthatthere thatway.Howeverthismighthavebeesinformermovethecrops;sothatitisfairtolookforaheavydeclineinthespecieaverageto-morrow. Thelast theirconflictingviews. Notwithstandingtheabovepositively at variance withsoy igaeous and othera Tb*,firstquestwo to be determined^ofthefrorwin, howevearfgvraastseftaVl theadoptkMof howmanyofthassrauduatsmustbeusedtoareaa A averagewas$13,099,726,adeclineof$343,918from facts,easilylearnedbyanyonewhowillinvesti->••••••.• ••••(*•*«••,•shrammittit be tothosewhohavepropertytodt* ofiofta We hare also seen that thethe week previous;; at the corresponding date lastEtethem,the landgrantbondsadvanceinmar- t price. It would seem to a philosophic mind that theresis no end to humbug and delusion in the6 Brigs 31through mtherouts. Wecan,therefore,JaUiff back o s the oaly paeibi* ooacloatoa rarptaTfiEndltd;another,g.TUresultstotwentv^n.©onthVof 134H3, sad a third, i*,«29 retails » eifbteen a » £ • ofConsidering the condition of the country, the pros- pects of aa active trade this fall, the certainty thatMilwaukeeRailroadCompany. Thepublicdelight vn being deceived, or deceiving themselves, aboutBrigs.la introduction of plan- Wve harmonious results! To test both of year thebanksheld $20,083,877. Itishopedthat••••••• SALJtM. Aug2-Arr achrs Minnesota. Baker. £«!**«»/ EJUa France*, Bogan, Rockland for Savannas; Sd^srig/r"into t&e rocks by thermal springs, or these the observation* ware formed into threewith mineral matter arauag from groups ooecoauiamg 4.900 ia nineteen mouths of m o the discounts may show a contraction to-morrow. mind of the public respecting the La Crosse andt•***••**• ••••••••••1 • •••«-• IUntitled Documentthis famous road."tur Oakea, (lakes. WuRamaborg. U . ^WJWTERLY. Ang s-.tjrr sehr R W Sltzabethport, PreataVmt, Hall, Rostdout,Babcock.« -,— —******ceptions at 4 a 4$ where the lender seeks the bor-rower,andwherethesecuritiesareofthe highestclass; 5 a 5J for first class acceptances thirty arfxtydays;6a6.Jforfirstclassdoublenameninety bushelsat$180tornew redSouthern,8122a$126forwith the traditions cfour Revoluttanary history.Hunt, therefore, possessed grakt Interest for the membersof the association and for the numerous company of visiMrswhowerepresentontbeoccasion,sodwhoweretuston the eve of visiting tbe spot Captain Hutt began by a four months' paper, 6J a 7 for »ix months.) paper old red W*stern, $I 26 a SI 26 for new red do., f l 2fea Ship Surprise. Ranlett, hence for Hong Kong, Jons J, lat I t c o n s i d e r i n g t b e c a u s e s o f w a r , w h i c h h e s a i d w e r e l o d g e d $ 1 2 0 f e r O i n o , f l 3 6 a $ 1 3 0 f o r o l d w h i t e i o . . s a d $ 1 4 0 t t f c . k i u S e t f W .the eventful days of The remarks of CaptainHeard from July It, t hauUcleer, and Weather Gaga, ef Pre* cutting te a whale.Co CMi Fta»*m moved that Professor Agassi* be invited gations. He alluded to the fact that eighteen months ago too deeply in nature and human nature to be easily eradi with two prime names; 7 a 8 for single names, for » hite Southern. Corn was steady, with sales of about Ship Horixon, Reed, from Liverpool March $0 fer Weasaug,Francis Stay, an eminent citizen of Boston, gave *50,00O eated. The members of the various sections of their So- tor-adhi*iraf^ronUsearrangementoftheMuaoamof forthepurposeoffoundlogazoologicalmuseumatGam cietylearnedintbeelaboratemechanismofcreationtellhighestgrade;8a10forsecondclasspsper;10a43,000 bushels, including Western mixed at 02c a92)«c , llSMsle iat 4 S, 'oti 26.choice^do at63c,Westernyello*at6V.aOflcaud the necessities of such an institution, and a subscription us that nature never was and never will be a member of the 12 a 15 for names less generally known. That white do. at «7Xc Rye was qufct at 8lc. a 82o. BarKyobvious; but there is really so much wealth in thisit is selling low. The public do not seem to beaware that the causes which are increasing the vjalne mostly within the range of 6 * c . a 7 * c for both re-fining of the one must operate quite as effectively and grocery common tb fair graces. Prime goods werein the dry goods trade, were afraid of the general It would be difficult for the speculators to say upon ]S<hr Nerio (Port), Almeda.'.Oporto, 64 daya, with wine Ac, to phia; J <. Runyon. Matthews, and Fred Eugene, Achom stan-what the advance is based. The Receiver reportsIt was resolved that there* be no afternoon session to-day , to allow the members to accept the invitation tovisit Fort Adams; and also that there be no afternoon ses-sion on Monday, so that the members might bare time to disappoint public expectation with regard to the , the company not having paid for the right of way Steamer Delaware. Johnaon, Philadelphia.to the court which appointed him, that the road isthe same. Thesecausesmayhaveoperatedto atrespasseroveradistanceoftwenty-twomiles— SloopBrandywipe,Young,NewHavenforRoudoct.ram oarr saxony. Bark Nueces sailedBALTIMORE Aim3—-AArrrbarkMETrout,AmesStMar-We must see what August and the early part ofSeptemberwillbringforth. Manyexpectthattheentries of foreign goods tiiis month will be by farthe largest ever known, ami that the importationsof foreign goods will be carried far forward iato land. The title to the depot grounds and buildings qhor outside the Hook, bound i c Wind NW, light: weatherthe laterfallmonths. Ifthis benotthecase,onr standsin BelahChamberlain,and heclaimstobewere ever exposed.be fenced by the 1st of April next. Tma willlaunched from the yard adjoining O W Qerau A Go's sail loft,exist between certain orders of animals andplant*, so that we may b e able to test all the others inregard to their transformations and geographical distinc-tions. We can only do this by ascertaining, first, whetherthe facta are sufficient to deal with these subjects, therefbre a proper standard and test must be adopted. Theplan and structure of vertebra then occupied the atten-tion of the Proieasor. These, he said, had been fully esta- weevil in the wheat-growing countries north of theblished. It was the fortune of a German zoologist first to 40th parallel. The reports from Wisconsin, which signed by everybody in the great Northwest, ask-son from a well tilled table In one of Mr Genu's sail lofts. Purser Pease, of steamship R R Cuyier, from Savannah, hasnear present prices, for all the cotton that can be spared. Harvesting continues to be successfully prosecuted in the West, and we have yet to hear the first complaint of serious harm from met or80, for iron, at double its market value, and$1,500,000 at 30 per cent, which, at this very lowrate, produced more money actually expended foror on the road than the earlier issues, Petitions to Roads, before reported put iuio Valparaiso in distress, had schr Alice. Howell, NYork.the land are constantly threatening to stop the cars,removetherails,orotherwiseabatethetres- pass, unless they are paid their demands, which are not moderate compared with the value ef theReports. VHIOHLANDS, Aug 6, sunset—A ship hi the«ffing, bound in.Miscellaneous. theownerthereof. TheLegislaturehaspasseda [LAVSCUorTHEYACHTGEOSGBLGMAP—OnSaturdayaf-C|T¥ COMMXRC1A1. REPORT. SATCBJMV,August4—eP.Mis—Tbe sales were conSued to about 30 * 40 b isCornmeal,KewJergevVodBrandywine..... 386s$75figures, with sales of HO bbls•aleslimitedatour quotations.fair demand, but closed without change ot Importance from yesterday's prices; the sales embraced about 46 000ShipGarnet,from IJverpoolforSanFratdsoo. Ju'y17,$1 miles B by S of the Smalla.Ship Joatah Bradlee liunoar. from Jar»to Island via Hamp-there is a hardening tendency in the market is and barley matt were more quiet and nominal. Oats were ton Roads. 11 dava from latter for Savannah (aad waa ampphad16. off Cape de GaitBark earth* Kendall, Paddock, from Palermo for Boston,June 19. lat 35, Ion28Bark (supposed) Sea Breese, Mayo, from Palermo for Bos-ton, June 16. off ('*pe de OuttA b*rk steering SK. with black square In the fere topgallant-boxes icheese were engtged at 60s , and 600 packages of Bark Clara Brupkman, steering W , w a s seen July 27, offmiles of railway are being built, it will be safe to butieij at 60s. To London, 1,600 bbls. of flour were en- gaged at 3s 3d. A vresel was taken op for Glasgow, to lookforanoldfashionedsqueezeinthemoneymar- Toadwihgrain,inship'sbags,atOd.Ratestothecon-ket. But hardly till then. tinent were unchangedForeign exchange did not vary much last week. FJUIT —Rasu-r continued firm, with sales of a few hun- Charleston, Ashland, Moore, aad G W Bourne, Bdwarda N e wpeer declared us to be the most military nation on theearth. Indefehsive war, or in resisting foreign invasion, profit; when our great railroad corporations have were rtrm. To Liverpool, about 10,000 a 11,000 bushelsMil (probably the Sea Mew, Lloyd, trom Salem for Africa),1 2 * FsBBHW —Engagements1 2 * 18 were moderate,whileWe quote francs 6.131 a | for 60 day bills, and 5.10Jfor short Bight. For bills on London, I09|«for long firm, f The last sales embraced about 1,000 quintals 20th, Moro Castle, Knowlea, NYork; Catharine, Poster, Hongfy the wants of the bankers, and the monopolizing movements of the bullion brokers are causing not mouths.Sid 2 2 4 Powhatan, Simmons, London; Dorcas C Teaton, Pote, d a _ULA*GOW; July 21—Arr Leon, Lessen, NYork. Bid 21st, Her- sill* Rust. NYcrk (and from Greenoefc 23d).a little embarrassment to the specie shippers. Ascompared with previous years the rate of exchangeis low.Stocks continued to move upward with a steady,advancing movement till Thursday, when a BlightHAT —Saler- of about 1,000 bales were made at 90s. a06c. for shipment. For city use it was selling at 01 a GBSMOCK, July 9p—Arr Arthur White,* elly and Matilda,to see a decline. They argue that stocks have were selling from yard at $23, six months, and $22 75, to Ontario, Boamer, NYork; kslssasaoo, Taylor, Philadelphia; Martha, Brewer, St John, MB; J Baker, Allen, Callao; Northrisen 10,15 and 20 per cent, and that .according to arrive. Atlantic, Graves, and Joatah L Hale, Grave*, Calcutta.other could look science in the faoe. He next the law of ebb and flow, they should now fall IJUS was in good request, with sales at 65c, and at Bat out 21st, Milton, Crocker, Boston; Kangaroo (as). Brooks,The City Post Delivery. TO THK EDITOR OF THK HtRALD.proves thatifspeculation once gets fairly underweigh, no one can set any limit to the movement of KICKwas steady, and small sales of 20 casks were made RAKGOOM, May 18—Sid Abbyla, Johnaon, Queenstown or Pal-back. Ithaay be observed that before they rose10,15 and20percent,theyhadfallen20,30andA paper was read on the "Geology of Western Ameri- ca,*'l»y Professor J. 8. Nawasaav. This was a descrip- tion of the surface of the northern portion of the conti- nent, but did not contain any peculiar features of novelty. The jjsprr also alluded to the appearances of the landIn New Mexico.The section then adjourned.AFTERNOON SESSION. SBCT10M A .Prar. B. A. GOCUD presented sad read a paper from Br.C. H. Smallwood, of Canada West, on the -'Solar Eclipse orJuly, 1800" The paper waa interesting, not from the ad- was the means of introducing into the works of the at 125. The public seem to expect that mand limited. Tbe sales embraced about 460 bbls. at Headers, Philadelphia; Friederke, Pfaff, Baltimore. Eat Oct,less the United States are on the decline) they ireand kith a lot in New Bedford reported at 66c The last sale ol sperm made ia this market the present week com prised 600 bbls . a t $1 6 0 . Linseed was in good request,only half way on tbe return trip. In 1855 and and pales of English were made at 00c a 01c Within a the L; Baranak. Rowland, for fo Aug 12; Othello. Oreenovrk, would render night work in the trenches nearly as hope- 1856, New York Central sold at 105, Michigan few naps some S 000 gallons lard oil have been sold at 05c. for Charleston with despatch; N e w England, LoweU, for daless as day work has now become under tbe range of modern arms and shells. He concluded his address by re- ferring to the history of Fbrt Adams, from Its design bySouthern at 95, Toledo at 60, Rock Island at 90, Reading at 90, Galena at 110, Illinois Centrala $l! 03c., and 4,000 gallons refined cotton seed oil at 68c., and 3 000 do. crude at 64c.vannah 25th; »has C Duncan OUa, for do to succeed the N E; XniDtaou, Deahon, for Mobile; B S Kimball, Hosmer, for do with despatch.General Tottt n, and the high order of masonry which itPfovisioss.—Pork—The market waa heavy and the de-Loanoa. July 93—Arr Sofia Pate. Mortes, NYork; Veo-is,scaled, and at 18c. a 20c. for No. 1.balesl standard, for a Southern party, at 15*0,, sixsales w* re confined to about 350 hhds. Cuba muscovado,ALMAHAO FOR SBW TOKK—THIS DAT. 501jnoonRISES7 111 nioa WATKK.P o r t o f N e w Y o r k , A u g u s t 3, 1 8 6 0 . f - ARRIVED.marketexhibitedre •<•Corn meal was quiet, and Wheatwasfirm,andinorthreedaysof226bales,cropofI860,at7c.a14c 11VBKrooL,July21—ArrRJacobs,Henderson,Philadelphia;Eastward, with a tendency to farther improvement Sa'esprices once more, and if the roads earn as much as mess $ 46 38. Beet was steady, w ith light sales, embracing St John, N B .pjjasengers to H B Cromwell A C o 3d teat, ofl frying Pan » beau. Stockpile. I n b o r n ; bark Lucy, Driver Salt Rev; brigs'|ial«, rawed steamship J a s Adger, hence for Charleston. < bus Wesley. Ford. Malanzas; Sarah Wooster. liord. Phtla.!el-lahip KoHooke, t'ouch, Richmond, h e wits mdae and phia, Wui Mchfils, l.eigbton, and luige Hathaway, Lancaster,Sehr E A Elliott, DeOn ot, Providence for Albany.our thanks for favors.Smr GKOBCS PKABODV, Pousland, from Callao for Hamptonipprung aleak, which was discovered near tbe foremast In theCongress are now being circulated, and, of course, garboard seam, which had been stopped by a diver. The shim NEW BEDFORD. Aug 3—Arr schr N J Brsyton. V-lrtken.would be ready to sail July 6.I LAUMCHKD—At Baih 2d test, from the yard of E A A Bewail,show that the vertebras are built upon a distinct plan. It are the latest to hand, are uniformlysatisfactory; ing to have the grant of lands made to«Wfcconain (an enUre white oak shipjof 1000 tons, not yet named. She is NANTUCKET Aug 1—Arr schr Fly. C^eesman, Pfc.iade:-was also shown by Goethe and others, whose poetic minds for railroad purposes to he so modified as that the owned by the builders, wm 1) Sewall of Bath, and Thomas M Se r e t o u c h e d b y t b e f o r c e o f t b e f a c t b e f o r e m a n y n a t u - and t h e c r e d i t o r s o f t h e W i s c o n s i n t o w n s a r e b e - R e e d o f P h l p s b u r g , a n d t o b e c o m m a n d e d b y C a p t R o b t J a c kllsts,tbatthevertebra-arebuiltuponaplansoditis- ginningtohopethajttheirdebtorswillsoonbegin Statemayapplytheproceedstocancelthefarm iofBowdoinham.phia. iN E W P O R T , v u g 3 . P M - I n p o r t b r i g J o h n H s t h s * » y .Townsend,furWtln.incUm.NC,wtgwind,achrsJamesHhsa.HatchfromDightotif.a-PhiUdelphia; AlmtraT,SarahJ*c«.rentfromallotheranimalsthatthereisnogenericcoa-BrigKedwood,of195tonswaalaunchedfromtheyardofSection bet reen them. In order to be transmutable or to think of retrieving their credit. A large <p*an- mortgages given for railroad stock. Alltheir poli- Messrs Cwndall, m Newport, ou the Id lost. She will be rig Sloops Thos liufi. Blackstone, WllUrJ ed immediately, and is to be enraged in the Cuba trade undertityofnewwheathasarrivedatChicago,aadis NEWLONDON, Aug3—ArrschrSarahJane,Xdward*. erivable an animal must have some analogy and affinity ticians of every grade are pledged to bring this Sic command of Capt 8 T Melville.to other animals. 3auvigny first investigatedmuch admired. )S"ext week the receipts will probablybequite considerable. More corn than usual at thiu .season is coming for- ward; the farmers are satisfied that they are goingtohavethelargestcropevergrown,and are fearful of a glut in the markets and very lowabout, if possible, and they will have in Congress The following table gives a summary of tbe vessels In She Philadelphia.harbors of New York. Boston. Baltimore. WUmtertoD N C PHILADELPHIA, Aug 4 a 5-Arr steamers Kecacrt^.ias to tbe effects of the phenomenon There was tee this interesting subject, and nothing but his blindnessry mooih <* tbat year. He elated this as one of the prevented him from pursuing it farther. The backbonecarMMs(he*insmwuttlunwithtbetheoryofsolar wasthemostremarkablefeatureofthevertebras. Pro-fessor Agassiz then passed on to explain tbe nature, form,iafter adjourned. habit* and structure of a variety of polyps, sea stars, seathe active sympathy of Eastern holders of farm Charleston. Ravannah. Mobne, New Orleans aad Uatvaaun ai Baker, Roainn. Keuneher. Johnson; Ihwton. Crocker, sod AB-mortgages. Not an acre of land granted by Con-latestaccountsfromeachofthoseports,— M SBW TOBJCthracite,,!%»•*,NewYork:ebrpTonawardaJnhaa Uterpti; bark Pathfinder, Sleeper, Palermo. a"hrs Maria Ruanua, Palmer, Dtmaru-rotia. Ivy. Henderaoo: 8 l, Stevens. Ktadley;gress haB yet been passed over to the La Crosse Steamships. ShipsRailroadCompany,ortothe trustees ofthe land Barks grants. If this application is successful—and Total... Congress has the power to ,do as they Steamships.... 32 Briga.. 114 Schooners.. ...unBOSTOK.• * Bftgs. g Schoeeers... . 37SALTUMnta.... $ Brigs...... ... $ Schooners.. ... 20.. 81 Albert Treat, Bowdmn: Silver Magnet Perry; J H Strotp, <^»-will in the matter—the land graat, bondholder• • • • > • * • • • • « • •Boone, Beagan, Port Ewen. achrs Mary E Smhh, r M M j W . Hudaoa.Warren, andSeaMark. BoUa. kUixarjethport^- Babeoe*. JetTera, PhlladelphU; Leocaoi*. SmaB, NTee*.fJ*=**• * • • * • •..IUSable Island.Spokeu. «%«.F o r e i g n P o r t a . ALTATA,WCoastofMexico,JuneIt—IaportshipGanges,Evans, tor Falmouth. Eng, ready.BosDSAtrx, JuiyJf—Arr (not before) T W Lucas, Perkins.Baltimore; 4th, steamer Daylight, Sprmr«" NYork; s c a n '"•*- nelia, Russell, Alexandria, Albatross, t htse. Gloucester l r NYork •Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 