 6fiNEW^YORK DAILY TR1BU1VE, THUBSDilT. SEPTEMBER .20, 1860.fe;. t-ecome -a '•: Stftte. 'tp.'a Slavery in tne Territerie? i.i a swra theory—ai ah- sac* bci$wcea the oc^onies, •eeol'ved to fytm a Cental- the common territories.V She]alleged ."thatthe. Federal wiJbout; fdxthcjr; . P J * ^ ? ^m$M WSiaverv exists everywhere ir/ vixtueof toeConsiita i>ive.'-ament, which, under the jpjpoyasioas of a'siJgte ^Government wais a aoriof special "parihership betw^ea But should sn'ih "CcmBtitution M rejectsdj- K-aittR.9 " srt?8Ctioni" It was s'iid, '' we caa never makts another ioo, and freedom exis-e nowhere excert t y p is-ifiVaIplcsaVr.'). tbrrs wjal .•hocseVxid- peace nn'1-1 Sbcy do, re yfl-cst, nftttu*the behest.Xet &*m # are to vet< .-Bell? y°J1 and ire**. 3 * pnhcipi 1fc&n*tthc:iad-nence or,;tain pa^TH N- There * --wfcom tcf^lThe personr lence t w -' aB'X?en?:v< aaicTtha W jnoflt ecccei W e have a 1 times, i • Strong wLIi, are qnalit:-:;; powers, aM and all. Ii thinker, a H They who homely fhi<? are too ap' t With a cet homely ti*>'. fancy fc«- < ! 7 Ation. T''•*" these thii' ^ *fThe Lift11his army byJidentified ' Mr. L&tt . of a title y.l the labcri^ a fail to ptf$* caveto•/•-iandfalw* to here. ,B> 1jaaayr—tdr.t WOrd; net < and style* o'• haveem* "< and fewer 1 that knowU vigoroos f.h Bchol&r, io " the mark jnen have *$Wh«e MA.wakea «Hitthe wsole -j cheer:Eg we Brenr-ir: p j n*'.\t PrvJiji.••For a ttio the rattling QuiK h*'tr.j remarks, tt. the k e g at d to the' L/.-a; of hid cl.c.J.and pc. it ice i, present.<Jc/.other aect's 'meat etithci ing torchf?.' a hiillinn*Jf1<J03B,!ktfe* a8.000 i. ...SOCON. (-..-r 10,f«o M i * tat3,C<X> d- - .2.1mh Y c< SWf N. \ t'i S,<»u.> K v ' i ' ,C o r . bJh|.-..1J5.ry<. Y.tit >4, 1.000 Mica Si 1,000 io.J{ -,<XO. IiBwcJ*' LCOOCfcic i.1 e.ococcSc i. 1,00c C hie. «.MB. I>AYTOf,S]&&$&<JH it the Copper lastffrrte lias* Eventing. as in the amendment provided, dnd wton done the • and demand of the North all their righte, and " to take the'-whole theory of oar Government. The father? President, by proclamation, I should announce the i off the ruthless restrictions which cat off the supply of who framed tbe Con titutiou coutd never, in^theb? same, and Kansas was forthwith :tp become a State. ' slaves from foreign land*." Tbeeo are the men Of wildest imaginings, have anticipated political and The whole question of Slavery or njo Slavery was, by. s Southern views, "" pure and simple," many of whom judicial degeneracy like tni*. The negro, they this amendmen i. submitted by the Republicans in aro dlBUDionistep€r sc, and nearly all are new enrolled say, has ttie stamp of the Constitution, and, Congress—including Mr. Gidaihgs and others who as the supporters of John C. Breckinridge. They are like gold and silver,. goes anywhere witbia have been held most extreme on this subject—1> the' the men with whom the Union party, as it calls itself— the national Territories. The ox bis the stamp of action of the people of the Territory], and- they hound the supporters of John Bell—have in New-Jersey and both the common law and the Constitution; it i* themselves in ac vsnee to abide the result. Tbe amend- elsewhere affiliated—Union and Disunion coming to- property anywhere,, and cannot he taken from its ment passed the House by the united votes of all the gether, without a principle or interest in common— owner without violating the Constitution. It cannot Republican men hers, aided by a.few of tiie Northern , unless it he (which I am not willing to say) the exten-Stone*. Andre** H. Sanda, OtU » . Swat, Lorenzo Draper. Gao. B b W ^ . , H . L-Pierscn.jr.. Alf%d C. Hill. Dr. S- S. Child*,,was unsettled,'and we were'thrown back to the starting point. But against this actlarge portions of the Democ-never be anothe] -| Slave State admitted into, the Union;tion of Slavery, has uniformly expressed'-. hinseif with the part of these men is, under the circumscances, un-- = *"^.«- . • -• k Edward Robinaon, jr., Seymotirsections, and not for the gsneralwelfare of the Union. It is this right to legislate for the general welfare, as the voice of a majority of the people, expressed throughbut I must add t iat, if Slavery shalB be kept out of the racy moBt earnestly protested, and the Whig party North ''Territories during the Territorial existence of any onemore outspoken freedpm, and yet with a more, just re- gard to the rights and feelings of the South, tliaa Abra- ham Lincoln of Illinois.reasonable', and politically dishonest. W e contend for the right only, if Congress chooses to exercise it, to- controi tbe common property for "the common wel- fare," as a majority of the people, through their repre- sentatives, shall indicate. We believe that the rightBn«jk% Alexander Spalding,JIT. JOHN AU.^TIJ* STEV* ?>jr-» read the following their representatives in Congress, shall dictate, whicht&L. AUooniber.and West was united to a man. They adhered to the principle of restriction north of 36° 30',.and opposed ve-given Territ^ryjiand then the people shall, having alies at the foundation of our Government; and the ' BeaoZerd, Tb»t1n thf Presideni \IK iwiieH.- of ilf •••lmp-iign o' same right to legislate for the Territories, is the greatfair opportunity jand a clear field. When they come tohere add a fact which, in this connection, should not as adopt a slave constitution, uniiiflueaced by the actual doctrines of the Republican party, or its candidate; conform to the Constitution, and could not, and shouldjMsolntkns:lMM, wVr?eo«3fae the great m Jae», in the' >»lation of which,and political •ms'eflans ot the ivy, statesmanship, and patriot-governing principle upon which the Republican party rests for its support.Until a comparatively recent period in the history of the country, the power of the Federal Government over the question of Slavery in the Territories had n^fc been denied. Even those persons who claimed to bebe forgotten, and that is that Mr. John Bell, then a Southern Whig, voted for the abolition of all laws or usages in the Territoryof California which would pre- vent the introduction of Slavery into that Territory, and although voting finally against the Kansas-Nebras-.irfin are denMBided.JbWticf, That the so-maeh condemned Slavery agitation is the•atara] reaaK of the effort of Southern p>!i-.ici"na, with the gaiity «o*alv«nce of Democratic leaders so coa :inue that rale of the mi- •rarity oventhe majority, and that predominance of the-la ve over aJft olbar iotexe»ta, which, with th<» fpreaVi of intelligence, end theBut it is still said that if the right so to legislate ex- But there is a class of persons who will say this is .ist, it is bat an abstract right, and there ia nothing now publican party. The truth is, the whole trouble and not the Republicanism against which we contend, but catling for its exercise./ If this-'were true, it woald be ka bill, he did not vote, as has been so often said doubts which have been thrown over the views and it is the radical Black Republicanism of the party.. It enougn to say that the^right cannot and will not be ex- against that important provision by which the Missouri purposes of the party upon this point, have originated is those meu who ignore tbe Constitution; who would ercised until occasion call for it. And, it may further Compromise was repealed. On the contrary, he voted m confusing the lights of the Territoiy to legislate upon ride over the Supreme Court: who would abolish all be said, if the right be but au abstraction, jt is an ab- for the amendment, which declared that compromise in- this question of Slavery, irrespective of the supervision distinction between races; who would have blacks and straction for them as well as us. Yet they agitato the- operative and, void. A reference to the proceedings of bf Congress, while itcontirmes to be a Territory, and whites intermarry; whose principles we abhor. But question at every cost—even to the breaking asunder, the Senate of the 15th of February, 1854, will verify the the right of the Territory to frame its own Constitution who has been authorized to make up such a code of of tbe*whole Democratic party. And while they areCmttltution. would team. SOT vvtrposee therein ex-it wo became one peoolo—one nation. On its face i*. ia [Beperate States, and tha". each could withdraw itselfdeclared to be the acb, not' of the States, notol sov- ;i'rom the political firm as.its interests or choice-'might ereign ties, hnt of the people. It says: We, the 'dictate. As a consequence, rit was contended there people of the United St4tes, in order to form a more could be no constif-utional legislation which did not perfect.Union, establish justice, in3ure doaaestic.trau- operate for the.equal benefit!.ox all tho States, and if;«e»Mta> J. Pbelp*. Daniel Ullnoaan, Bonj. D. SUHmauJ Robert A. nation as the Constitution itself. Butjthis in.itrument, well north as south of 36cl 30'. The claim of power. of popii.'ation, has becoaae impracticable hi this free " strict constructionists" of the Constitution raised noty Ii the Great Pto »st of the Verth. a* tbe Union party ia of Ui^ South, agaimt corrnption in •arvemment, malfeaaanee in oihet}. and the repeal of the time- h—crtd Coxjpromiae. nnder whhjh all sections of the country tired in harmony and h-ippiness; rn.l tl at the day ii not distant wbei>, with prejudice* romoived and in ^eTie-wed amity, we shall tefether, with common Impulse, labor shonlder to moalder forquestion upon this subject. Indeed, although the doctrine which seemed to limit the powers of the Fed- eral Government was ever acceptable to the people, • yet it seems always to have been disregarded when it came in .conflict with the common welfare. At the time of the adoption of the Constitution we had noWastorn Eanpir*and Western Fmedotni..-Rf^ic<d, That while we shall indigiipntry frown npon every from the several States, and subject to the terms of snchterritory except that which was held tinder cession attempt, of wbaterer natnre, to [interfere with the sovereign cesrion. The Constitution* strictly, was formed for thewere, by many of the Democrats), it was that of free-they have neverjdenied, as a principle, that it had the right under the Constitution to frame its organic law according to the will of the majoiity of its people. They contend thjat the Territory shall be kept free forthing like these doctrines in these sources of authentic* them at the polls; wo, who deny<the whole principle—atgat of each State so to deal with Slavery as seems b<st to itMlfwitain it» iirr.'.t*. w« are, nevei titeless, i uetermaneJ to mainUiatfae rich*, of tbe Representative* oil all the Statett in Congress &s-McmbWd, to govern the Territories, thewommon doihoins of the in the fact of ownership than in express powsr, dele- »artan, m the best interest of the wholel Idom to the Territories, and the right of the majority ofthe representatives of the people m Congress assembledto decide that ;queation. In other words, thoy repudi-who say that the right to control thu question is in Con-Stti«s,not the Territories, and our powers of g )vernment over snch Territories have their source, perhaps ratherinformation. • The whole misapprehension lias arisenated the old fallacy of Mr. Calhoun and his followers, R<.«>1*«1, That, vindicating the conservatism of Republican gated by the Constitution itself, though that, top, in. that a State could judge for itself .of the constitutionalityfrom assuming that the principles of the party are those gress w'hencyer they.choose to exercise it, are called attempted to be fixed upon it by our adversaries. To upon to be quiet, to beware ofsectioaal controversy'graerptes, we are determined, w an fasser'ion of i Free State one of its elaiises, is supposed to grant sush pow^r. supremacy, to remove from tbe afena of Na'.ional Politics the Mr. Jefferson, though himself doubting, if not ab-of Federal Law, or withdraw itself from the Union for any such cause, as was claimed.The Kansas trouble followed as Jhe inevitable conse- quence of the repeal of the old Compromise. The im- mediate and violent efforts of the South to force Slavery north of that line, produced coiTespondingelTorts on thepressions of individuals wrested from their ontext, and The call for quiet under the circumstances, is absurd- and assume its pejsition as an independent State. Any attached to them a meaning which their authors per- For one, I am quite tired of these Union-saving pre-wfeoJe qoestion of Slavery, leaving U, to th>» consciences and *««1er jndgroenta of onr Southern JrJr^thr^n, hoping and be'.ieving *Ve»ythms from,tbc pronrptbur* ontb<;Lrfown hnmanilSy.solutely disbelieving, the existence of the powerto acquire territory, yet • bought Louisiana intensions. Quite enough has already, ia my judgment, been conceded to our fears. The unida of these States can never be preserved by a cowardly surreod'er of our rights; nor will the South jeopard its advan- tages to tbemselvesfor the doubtful profit of carrying slaves into distant Territories, while they say they have not enough for their wants at hone. In myjudgment there never would have been a serious thought upon the part .of the South of dissolving this Union, had it been something they could at once have done. Could they have gone out by eaying the word go, they would not have said it. It is .the spirit of op- position, if it is the fact that we say they snail not go*, that we will force them to remain, which begets the larger portion of Lheir political pugnacity. If the door were thrown open, and we should say to them onr dissensions are such we will'not have you remain, you disturb the peace of the family, go !—they would fight for the inside rather than the outside of tbe door. They would never yield possession of the national matu-ion houeo; they would sooner be buri«d beneath its rafters, will the National fl^g which floats from itsMr. Seward says the " irrepressible conflict means dome falling over them—and this, this would be au that the United States must aud will, sooner or later, end of which Southern patriotism and Southern honor become either entirely a slavehoiding nation, or entirely might justly be proud. One President, if not more, a free labor nation.*' Tfie expression analyzed is but has already been elected through this appeal co the the enunciation of a philosophic truth. Sooner Or later ieors of the North. I have no wish that, by yielding the prophesy will doubtless be fulfilled. The conflict again, we shall create for the country a regular union is in the moral world, ard the silent forces of an en-lightened sentiment and Christian feeling, comminglingwith industrial influences and natural causes, will ope-rate, we trust^ until the whole system shall "be under-mined and tbe fabric swept away;-but that, howevermuch the philanthropist may h >pe for it, we cannot ex-pect in our day or generation.. But this expression hasbeen seized upon as foreshadowing something beyondthe ordinary conflict of sentiment aud principle. The1803, the very^territoriee out of which oar troubles Mr. OPDT V$ then spoke as follows, beinjj often in. coac. oO l"e inaugurated the embargo, a system^yropted ry cheers;. than whi^h none other could have borne so unequally upon the different sections of the country, It annihi-TPicLl^vv; v/JTi/E.vs: Acciot r xj thanks for the i^n- lated the industry of Xew-England. and destroyed the I other side. The extraordinary conduct of Mr. Pierce eroas wannth of your greeting, znd for the High" honor entire shipping interest of the country. Gen. Jackson, j and Mr. Buchanan, and their Adaihiistrations respect-erate a violation of the acta of Congress; and, moreespecially, of that which is common'y called the Fugi-He does not claim, nor can any man claim (unless put forward as its representative), to act a3 the mouthpiece of the Republican party. This might be answer enough,ofpresiding over'sueh an asinmljlage as ';bj«-| in bis celebrated proclamation against the/nulliriers ofively, in their endeavors to aid the pro-Slavery cause; the indignant protest of the people of Kansas, and theWe have mot at the invhajionjof one of .tlie Eepub- South Cftrolina,'m 183*2,,told them, u This.is a Govern- bc3j» Clubs of this city.to hear an exposition bf the is- ment in which all the people are represented, whichtive Slave law.Democratic Governors of that Territoryx appointed by- It is not to be deniedthat the great body of the party but it is just and proper to say that in one sense thereta involved in the pendingjcfuripaigo from tjhe lips of one of the most distingnishec ornaments of the Repab- Bean party. The members of that <lub, like! all ocher liepubfecans, have a profoun 1 conviction of the truth, the juetice,and the expediency,,of the 'prinjiplea and »im* of thtir paa-ty. They b itieye them to Ije in per- 1&A harmony with the Const ituifion and its gjaaranteea,and *.ha% if carried out, they will prove to bejben^ncent. in all their tendencies and reipulu*. Thus;believing;•(ball ehaTge it with "the respjoniipbiliTies of atlbioistering the government.operates directly on the people individually, and' not npon the State;" and he claimed for the Government the right to exercise stranger powers than had ever been exercised by any preceding Administration. TheGovernment, on every.change of administration, h^s uniformly acted upon the assumption that we were a nation, and that what was for the interest of a majority, within tbe "scope of onr constitutional power, was therofthecountry. Thu3.bought territory, ana paid lor it iron tne common land. For the " general welfare", we fought for territory, and paid for it by.our common blood. In all these acquisitions we have kuo *vnthe Presidents themselves,, are yet fresh in rue recollec- tion of all who hear.me. They form a dark page in the political history of this country.I shall not stop to review that struggle; but we look only to the result—the repudiation of the Pro-Slavery Constitution by a.majority of more than ton thousand of the legal voters at a subssqueht election, held under the authority of law, and the protection of the army of the United States. Can any fair man, or anylaw-abiding citizen; complain of the. conduct of the Republican party in upholding tho rigHts of the majori- ty against the frauds aiid violence by which the/rights of-that majority were endeavored to'be crushed out? can any man say that such conduct, however much'weall over the country hold that law, is I do, most un- is an irrepressible conflict between Freedom and Slav-wise and unjust, forced upon the North wirh a total, ery. They stand the opposites of each other; they areantagonitttc. systems, and must remain so until SlaveryA eentiment very different from thi.-< controls the ""no North, no Sou;h, no East, no West." So, tod, .may differ about its details, was not in the raain. consti- sion tola law which requires the citizens of the Northproceedings in Kansas.The platform of thatjparty which met. at Baltimore.T 100 •". d-stetioss of those opposed to tis. They seem disposed to after its acquisition, for sixty years; and through, -the tutional, conservative and just. - . prin'Tples jwtojfocber. They go iu i\>r fosion, and are power of the Federal Government to control the Opposition in 185G denounced the .'Democracy for itsto actas a sort of police for the catching of runaway saon the light, anrt some of jth.t m' are wiiiing to 'ignore organization of thirteen different Territories, th>3 The platforms and princples of all branches of the negroes. I vent ure to^say that a law imposing dutiesEkely 4o reap nothing hot jcoflfnaion, for the peaplehalf as offensive upon our brethren of the Soutu could not be executed in their section at all.paroxysm, to come off as often as a Presidential elec- tion rolls round. If we believe ourselves right, it is unwise and unmanly to sacrifice our rights to our .eais.50 dv. 5 ' do.SOKari*^have &stahborn way of &dhcno& to their convictions, question of Slavery in the Territories was not dis- waatever their leas scrnpulcjns leadera may or^e. For puted. The act erecting Louisiana into two Terri-in iilnslration, look at the apirii thai animated the dis- eoidant multitude whieh assemoled in and around thi?hall a few evenings since, .J-F-irf—om this ro,3TMtriu~m„ ur.gent 6We have a striking illnstrati-n ot this in another tories, passed March 26,1804. and signed by Mr. Jef- On the 17th September of that year, (which assumed to branch of the saine general, subject. The laws whichICO • JCO 100dt>.da. . do.*>**•"t-V-\JTy % •^W e t W n . Curt!* ^07«m, Chwloi H. ft* MteJL Wm. jCullen Bry-Mt, D. Randolph Martin, Robert) H. Md Dturdy, Ged. W : Blunt,DT AJeaandW H- 9tewn«, Parke Godwt* Kraoci* Lleber, Robt- ing out of the necessities of the times, chows, in all its and Democratic doctrine, by!many of the Democracy-C 0*oJao«, Hon. Abxam WtJciiman, Sh*purd Koapp. Edgir parts, its end and object. In peace and in war; in the was held good to the last. rlhe only doubt was as to There is anoher source to which the public may party, as I have already said, is justly chargeable on tutional right, because our protection in the Union Ketebou; June* Oore King, Timothy' O. Cborcbill, Joha 3.&»lch«-r. Jndg« B. W . Bontx»r> John H. jwJft, Henry C. Bowon, " common defense and general welfare;A in that whichJ«bn C Martin, Wm. BL AI«-.)eo,|Wrn. >[. Kent, J u n e s J. VanAJIen, Cborie* A. Dana, Wiekbanj Hoftro \n, Ed-vr. H Ftmtkncr, gives it power to establish "an uniform rule of natu- posed, for practical purposes1the condition of all our known and publicly expressed opinions of its nominee. candidate. He has summed up this matter in thesebegotten of the united wisdom of our fathers, and grow- was never abandoned. The doctrine, as Whig doctriueclause which gives Congress power to provide for thethe policy of its exercise. | fairly look for oi1]exposition of the views of the Re- the one hand, and entitled to the benefit on the other, consists in the strict adherence to the provisions of theSaniae) Hobnea, John Sedgwlctt, John D. Scott, jBicbaxd W. ralization ;" to make " rules and regulations " respect- Temtories; and the National Conventions of 1852 as- Mr. Lincoln havingbeenputforward'as the representa- words: " I should not, with my.present viewst<be in gress (should it become necessary to exercise it) ofWert* n, "Wm. Allen Bntler, SMuno^l Wat* rbary, K. w . Griawold, ing its Territories; aud iu most ot its other parts it>tbe "Hon. Mow* H. GrinxwH, tlie Hor. Henry Jl Raymond. grants powers which could he exercised only by a Na-JUb»it T. Haws Cbazie* H. MarkbaU, "* *'oi. M. Evarts, CbirlnA. Pokbody, "Wro. E. Dodgs, Horace <'reeley, Cvra» Curtis*. tional Government, having the right to judge and act being was at rest. •Td^trrj A. Hur5b.it, Wolcott Oibb*, Ziljott C. CoVdin. Daniel for the common comfort of all. And while it grants But the country had'hardly drawn breath after the ally true where those opinions have b9en deliberately ond, that it should be on a vote of a majority of the. to drop this question, but they would not. They-re-, D w r , sieotf* T. Strong, Oeorgb W . axlee, JanieaH. ritoo, theee poweic, it subjects it to the obligations and dutiesSa«Q#l S. WjeJcoflr, Isaac Dayton, N hitn Cfcand>r, Edward of a nation. If we are in fact united in such wise as painful excitement of that controversy: before the sameexpressed, in an 3Wer to interrogatories proposed. It quaMfld voters of the District; third, that compensa- pealed the Missouri Compromise; they tried, by fraud- tion fflfeuldhe made to unwilling owners." This,.! ulent efforts, to force S avery where the people did not so^appens that Mr. Douglas, in his debate with Mr. want it; they have kept the country in a constant up-Mint*.TO. A . W . Spiet, W m . G. Xiambe: Jackson S. Schnltz, R.X . Bbtchford, Robort Loroy, Marah O. Roberts, John J. to form, for the purposes expressed in the Constitution,T«wn«es«t, Saxnwrl Bate*, wm F. C Po»terG.Sherman. onepeople,Iseenotho^itcanbe otherwisethat, in b ^ o l i . BaF>y, W . H. SYr, Tb«»odoT»: ilanbensiclee, Frederick this, as in every other representative government, " theK»pp. Jobs P. Croaby, wm. AL Hal], Ch irlen F-iDambmann, greatest good of the greatest number"—or, in ofchrtr SaaUB.AKbonae. I•Se*reteruf»—Dr. William H. Cbr.rcb ease Fond^i Dr. <3orne- words, the will and "interests of the majority—shallitoM R. Aenow, Henry A. Oakley, D idley Fieli Nathan D. rule. If otherwise, if you govern or frame rales andBmnta, WrW- Horthrup, Francli O. Yoong, Wm. W. S'^phon- regulations for your Territories asa minority shall dic-won, Heraon W . Knapp, Georsc^Hunt, Jamew Marjn«r, Henry tate, yen legislate for ajpart, not for the whole—for the Woedrnff, "WlBiam S. Opdyke, Mnrrvy tfoffman, jr.; Charlea E. ioWy not for the many. You- legislate, in a word, for-question was revived in a new shape. Mr. Douglas,was hoped that this question of Slavery for the timeon the one hand, and entitled to the benefit on theother, of his known opinions. And this is more especi- tions: First, that the'abolition should be gradual; sec-of tbe National Conventions of 1S52, we endeavoredprohibit the Afribah "slave-trade, add forbid the im- putation of slav >s, are, as repects their enforcement in the Southern States, .little else than a dead letter upjn the statute jcok. • /\It has been harped upon until many excitable but hon-est minds believed that an actual conflict of some kind,time to the name they betjritook early posaession of property of the country from the Territory. Showing: which met at Philadelphia February l'Jth of that year, man, is sold there in defiance of law|as a elave. Tbey they know not exactly what, between the.North and cut off " Th« times have' been that when tbe brainsme'', foitonate for the con;try that the hightruotof administering the g)vernwjtr. is to be confided to one ae honest,, so able, so conservj itive, so prudent, and yetof &hardy people, straggling in the spirit of compe- tition, with each other, aud not laboring for a master, was attributed not to its obvious and natural cause,JflO 5 0 50 505 0•30 • do161. - d> 100 dv . 100 dv10 Brcok.CLiW V. $• i S.OtlO V.rjii 1.00C J5n*fc•2,rf<r L . fe i V 4,000'Ml-U^.J 11,0.0.Mt-i C. • n.r,z S F 78 Cbrt.uuT ¥ 50 Caatcu c OL2*"0 4-ijj.-:tc'RJ100 - d«>no K.y c-c<" S5 Ert« K. B 100 do... ICC d.-> . . 200 Hud•*»r K acq da.,.. KO MifU. C50MichS. i IOO d o .hi Misa^twCopper FA^ itj C«*jnrv>. . . . . .Frtnk. >....". Banc<x-k... I*l« KOV A^.Wf«Mi -3.... MIllKMoa.. NtitWal ..-. Kortb-Cad. PewT^U;.... JTttt»bur{b...• T b e n e vv'.-corricg, u:tinned u:.*.: •stronger t-.\lower rut-.t* marketwi?'. who hayc'tsJwtatV - *& panic v1lie;.» deijithU e'.,'.' dh-asttii f;< ;i tue ft<cc*<?./. tlie 1<< pa..-- <. xialitltctk:' for e>e;v cb StOCkS; w':?-. result 01 predict. T'era ebtJ-t* in tlttlr ?i ; of clu«.*:hlhck c ~zm hind t!.e .•• the.wsirai^ •iitiaai i ic*outeider^ w fcar« d'tcttll oal,dhTe:« i\ etvcUy,butmo £»m, as onv noble ttnidard-bearer,] Abraham but to what was allegfesl to be the unequal and partial Xiiceoln. He is precisely tlie man for the occasion, and legislation of the Federal Government. Mr. Calhounsentatives of the two fragments, with a teste that ie.: . "d.-. do. <L:I firmly b*iiet-e that, if he siutll be elected^ his ad.iiin- iBtrar'on will prove to bt' o temperate, cpnclliatory, juod wise, that before the end of four years it -vill wm(of whom I desire to speak with all respect) then^be- carce.the founder, not of a ne?? schoolin political phibsopby, not of a great system or party, but of amore than questionable, have taken to the field, and large> its meaning, fixes itself in the memory and sub- thus are making au expose of the principles and conduct p..-.d o .'tbe snpport of even a majority of the people of the s ct, a political eect, based upou one idea; and that J^onth. Righ'ily understood, thei*e is uotioiag in the was the interest and perpetuation ia this country of principlesorpolicyof.ourj>irtyopp^sodtotbetruethesy?temofXegroSlavery. Ashisobjectwasto aateresis of slaveholders; An * if, as I am sure will be account for a weakness inherent in the Ssuth from the the case io the event-cf liiii coin's being mode Presi- nature «f their institutions, by assigning a cause out- dent, our pcl'cf is enforced wifh firrcned, tempered side of themselves, he soon had with him willing listsa witn a spirit of contil [ation, the j people of ers apd ready followers. His fallacies crew as his fol-tiae South will roon lisairn that they hiv* lowers increased; and soon South Carolina claimed for ' aJCege'Jhtr mistaken the ppj poses of the [Republican herself to be. one of a system of confederate States, audI shall leave Mr Douglas to Mr. Breckinridge andnot a fractional part of a nation. As a sovereign, she_And my eaintftt desire istlikd, for the remainder of thecampaign, oor speakers ajid writers, in d|scnssing its tution. In the prosecution of this heresy, she fartherare not now in a 1 agitation in regard to au alteration or criticism. No such general form of expression, modification of that law, I would not bo the man to wrested from its true and onvioua meaning, shall, withintroduce it. as a new subject of agitttionupon the gen- my consent, be fixed upon us as part of the creed of the eral question of Slavery.'" This u going far enougu, I Republican-party.and personal attachment which association and acquaint- ance could hot fail to inspire. * Although I cannot con- cur in the action of Mr. Bell upou every thing, yet tbey are both gentlemen of high character, ana well fitted for the public positions to which they are named. I orly regret, that their names are used under circum- stances which must of necessity deprive them of the support of many of their best personal, and upon most points, their bet t.political friends. Li a word, they are in a false position;.. and it is idle to suppose that thinking men of honest and of earnest pifrpose willparty, and the spirit which ar laiates it; Iti principles, ' arns, and purposes, whatevi sr may be s^id to the oon- **ary, are not sectional. Itia ms at hothmlg less than the oes: interests of the whcjW country, and all its parts!8bonli think, to satisfy the most fastidious in regard tohis conservatism upon {be point in question, it may views connected with the party is not denied; and solams, will abstain from all biljterneas of expression oal- «mlaied to irritate our. poii •;al opDonemis, whether North or Soctii. As ihel robabilkiesoif our. beiag charged with the grave r4 nsibility of ,<|«overameat mrjre.i'c, it is fitjng we she Id drop the character of partfcans and assume that cjf taieamen.assumed for herself the right of secession from what she chose to consider not a union of the people under one Government, but a mere compact or league be- tween sovereign States. This assumption, that each S:ate may ionk .to what it may fancy to be its own in- terests, tiiou^'h the interest;) and wishes of a great ma-3. There i? on j otl'tv matter of a general nature con-nected with this question, of Slaveiy upon which the is an enthusiast in behalf of Slavery ? Would youfollow aiem there.b e k g attempted byprinciples and with any party which will receive them and give promise cf a"considenition? is belittleing their cause and d .ing damage' to their caaracters. No one can eitht-r expect or hope to elect them by the votes of tho people, aid their chances of election in any other way teem to me quite as desperate. But if they were better than they are, I would not assent to a course of action which lov ks deliberately to a defeat of the popu- lar will-by throwing the election into the House ofRepresentatives. That, under the circumstances, is more to be deprecated than any other result. It wou'd centralize, at a serious ture aud in a dangerous way, all the lit ice excitements of the country, and leave the result to fraudulent combination, rwlitical ccrruption, or fectior-al violence.There is little in the character or principles of the supporter* of Mr. Bell which would induce them'to sympathize with either"Mr. Douglas or Mr. Breckin- ricge. Wilhont a sympathy in common, with princi- pleson genenil matter^ tlie antipodes of each other, their only object is to defeat the" Republican nominee. WhatistobethocharacteroftbeAdministrationwhich is to folicw such defeat, the leaders.seeni not to know or care. All the great iu tercets cf the country; the;pro- tection of our labor; the. deytlopment of our National resources: the provision of houioe for the homeless.(an- other mode only of encouraging the industry of the frontier); the redemption of the Government from mis- xule, corruption and extravagance; all these, audmuch more,'are overlooked .in. the hope (the vain hope), of defeating a candidate in whose principles thoy in the main concur, but.against whoso party name they,ex- cept. 1 low true it/is, " a brother oiteudel is harder to;be w<11than a strong city, and their contentions are like the bars of a casile." Let us liope better things oi these men, ito.it of whom were witnus in the long straggle* of tho Whig party. They must know tha; in the election of Mr, Lincoln, rather than Douglas or Breckinridge, or Lane (their only real a!ternahye),the gtcatprinciples' wtioh tb,oy have advocated ui times past v. ill lo carried out, md carried out wivbout dangeriix. Qri'yjKZ then intriid!Ji«ed the Hon. Wm. L. jority of the people of tlie country are otherwise, isyot Ihrytor, 'who was welccjnjed with great applaute, the.dangerous dogma of.a ckss ot Southern politicians.Mr. Calhoun was its father. It sacrifices thegreaterto the less—the wnoletoa past—and is the foundation, dT- re<::ly or indirectly, of all thoee pestilent theories and pretentions which, revamped by smaller men, have iaHe who speaks upon the iisues of a caicjpaiga whUe j many shapes and ways vexed the country during andfhat campaign js in progxs4 3, aud tho«?e jpuijs ia the sinc» hi* time. South Carolina seems to have bean tieeonrse of dtiilv- dwoussion i must of 'necessity travel common center from, which these doctrines emanated; «ej-er what is to many familiar ground. H'e may swp ! and to this day, throughout the Southern country,attempts which may load to a reopening of the African choose him who would abolish Slavery wherever theslave trade. • j It would • be disingeunoj us to say that, at Constitu*ion tgives the ppwer (such alone beinrr thethis tune any ode of"('he great partlies of the country' most extreme of the Republican party), -or him thathas avowed Itlijis purpose" as its party pelicy. They would aid and abet kidnapping, robbery and murder indare not yet do it, tuougii the jxtrome Southern Africa, in order that he might extend the institution ofparty., now i rqpresented by Mr. Breckinridge, is Slavery in this country /Bat it' is said, why agitate the question of Slavery at all ? That there are no Territories open to which it can apply; that it is, therefore, to hazard the Union on an abstraction. They seem to forgot that Kansas waits the tardy justice of Congress. That there are other territories, North and South, which are to come iu as Free or Slave States. That whether-tbey will remain as Free or Slave will depend much upon thy influences and officials who are placed in and oyer them whilethey are yet in their Territorial coudition, aud daring the long pupilage they must pass through prior to their becoming a Ste.te.which cnTminated in three r^jufing cheers.j Mr. 1>AY- :mT*>X, in a few words, "w4 l7 acknowledged tbi-i reception, i-ni then prtH-eetlejl to spfeak asiiblloova:last it direction. :cncicg in thatShould a like advancejust TOtaa? extent is be likely to be led away from, hi-imux*} political platitude*, I m 11 not seek to ,f*in credic I who has emigrated from South Carolina; or who, if%to m-jseti by ai'empting new views of old things; nor I not, lias at ail event? made Mr. Calhoun the idol.of hisl>y mixing up axioms of ptaijical philosophy with the political worship. To such men we can only say, as corrent issues of an. exciting campaign. My purpose Gen. Jackson did in 1832, no law can be passed whichBut aside from this, no part of the Democracy will istiiutional right to < any thVm into the permit this question to rest. ' •is to »hew • ,\ ' ,'1.' Tha* the Repuhlicaa pk ty is the true Union C-n-stitutionaipartyofthecounty.•"i. That therein nothing itc the principle^ it has tu\>clan»»d, nor in tbe candios te it ha^ sele-ted, which ahouid repeJl fron: it any parti of the QpppJ ioa.In approaching the.chsccss-1 in of ftu ;h qn«*tions it isnecessary CoX*y a-,ide preju i!ce? rwd forgel nam-rg. Jn sion of. territory. Of this territory, the greater part,'Tcriitcries, and no power exists i;i [Congress or the Ccnstitutiontopreventit Itishut;onestepfurther to say that, all discrimination :ig;t nst this species of property:.» resa popular, campaign namei,j O thoughtless men, are tftingn. It matters not who ire edttted Denbcrats, or who Union mes», or who R>j>ubifcans; hat wljat codetiou «t rest The Republicans ia'..Congress oa the 1st" of April. 1S5S,.by tiieir v.ote vn tlu* bill for the admis- st_o.-i of K<;hfi:iB, subhiitted the whole question whether itVhculd come iu aoajState, wi'.h or wit'.iout. Slavery,jecU'd io exjcluflion in virtue of health or police laws,they cun exercise their own choic3 of ai-ticles ivcog-th'jl as'projpci'tiy by the Constitution. South'Carolinawen, the patrk te of thac daySt&SiSW' ytm&W****1********'\tbe**j»ebyprocJax»utiop,andJKMMSMwwfortinvith,as Mr. Black, the Attorney -(-Icneral; would prefer toother, hut in their hatred of a common enemy, i t « » » onedegreebetterthiua|'rthecohesivepoweroX,poowferson, m its tenth section takes control.of this very^ question.' It excludes, in-words, even from that, slave Territory^ all slaves imported since the 1st of May,call itself Whig), attributed the distoi ted condition of our national affairs, and the fact that a portion, of out- country was ravaged by civil war, -and . large sections of our population embittered against each other, to tho• But is there not something in the^combinatJons which are attempted against the Repib ican party which show that their opponents .are destitute of any fair show of principles, and dpsire success on1 r for the love of suc-oto N.-vr •':. kj :**) . c-. 10«250 do. 300 • . dc150 dv. 150 '\^ 4C0 s do:' 100 dv. :'O0" VZO 1 2050 Eiie .50 do50 ' do.appeals.were made tothem Ijo&andon their conflicting I f79T orUat may, hereafter at anv time be importedjpnnaples and aans, and uufe in one heterogenons > and the eame section excludes from the Territory aUI culpable neglect of duty hy the then National Admin-The slaver—w aose offense is piracy, and whose pun-ishment is dead—goes from then- Jmidst unwhipt of .South seems to have received it as the gage of battle. cess and the plunder of party ? The Administration ofmaw for the i r a £ g £ £ ^ f g g r C h ^ ^ n > & TM & y * Z [.-slaves whatever unless owned by an actual settler in !"elegant but significant pbiraie, called the "mam chance." But outside the nill|the squatter sovereigns,istiaticn. They only deprecated in their resolutions allthe Territory, who is himself a citizsn of the United attempts to foment strife, and to encourage geograph- justice. The Afijican negro, who has just been torn States. It excluded in effect large portions of the slave ical divisions. The platform of the American party, from his country and who has all tb< rights of a free-Mr, Buchanan seems to have been a failure, and he ia 1the stand erected for the occasion, and iboldly de- aotmeed the policy of fuston which the inside orators •wit pleading for, and counseled a faifJaf ul adherence to the personal fortunes of iheir chief..These encouraging omerJs, as well as all(other s'uas •f the times, clearly indicate t lufc a majority of thethat, at that early day, while the framere of the Cvn-' statnti >n, or most of them, were yet living and ia pub- lic life, and while Mr. Jefferson was at the head of the Government, this modern notion that Congress hid no power to control S'avery in the Territories did not exist. But as the country advanced 'aad populationhad a double aspect; one looking indirectly to the recognition of tho riglita of the inhabitants of the Ter- ritories to frame their own Constitution aud laws, with a view to their admission as States; the other announc- ing their opposition to the " reckless and unwiso poli- cy " of the then existing -Administration; as shownnot only do not return him to the ountry where he South, was intended, in which freedom or Siaverv were out, the man would die;" and so it should be", belongs, but theyj do not discharge tpm from bondage.. must go to the wall. The system .in the States will 'twould seem but r»-:aponable, when the head was off.never be uprooted by mere ajjitation. Slavery may in But not so with the Democratic party. That seems to-people, understanding theirprtte interests, have wisely. increased; as the North gathered strength and the South" limong other things, in " re-opening sectional agitation'di :yeserved to transfer the reerw|»nsihihties of government felt its weakness, nsw views were at last prasbntrd. fco the hands of the Republican party; and I deem it That prosperity which grew out of the steady industryby the repeal of the Missouri Co apromiee." Throughout tho ca.mplugu that followed, the support- ers of Mr. Fillmore, constituting the body of both these parties, proclaimed throughout the North and the West that he was. as sound upon this question as the best Republican of the time. This was tho staple of their public harangues a»d thoir party addresses. Without this, be cpuld never lave received from th<» Wnigs of the Free'States, or from the Democrats who sympa- thized with theso, any considerable support. To have given it upon other terms would have made them false totheirprofessionsandfalseto'theirpisthistory. This sketch of the proceedings and conduct of parties brings us up to the commencement of the present cam- paign; and I respectfullv submit that the conduct of the R-epublican party has at no time been otherwise than constitutional, jus'., and wise; that it has grown naturally out of exige'neieb foived upon the country, aud it stands up<n principles known and recognized by the father s of the Coistituiion, trad by conservative stateeniemfrom the organization of the government tothe present time. *It now remains for'us to inquire whether there is anything in the present position of the party which should xepelfrom it the cordial support and cooperationof all branches of the Opposition. 'It has 'been objected that the party, as now consti- tuted, is fanatical, radicalj and revolutionary.; that it ignores that conservatism which is essential to the wellbeing of the country. I deny the whole arraignment; and I ask, before it shall be permitted to affect the minds -of thinking men, that it be made out, by proof. And this proof should be drawn, ne>t from garbled ex- 1-raets, or the utterances of individuals, but from au- thentic and rfacial source?. It is said,1. That itia the declared policy of the Republicanparty that no other slave State ?uall ever be admitted in boldness'be made within the next four years, into the Union. as within the pi st four years, it will not.surp.'ise meWhatever may be the .views of individuals in refer- at all to find kit.ui early day the mf^tter pressed as the ence to this question,:! canuot be mistaken when I say true/ policy of he South. (Tnless their sectionalism that such a purpose or policy hits never been avowed aud Pro-Slavery fanaticism can be .stayed by the elec-deem them oppressive, or at variance with the Consti-i'ai riy be held, ft r the purposes of thii j campaign at lease, to dispose of this objfiction to the principles of the Re- publicah party. / 'there are men of extreme views conuected with, our adversaries. _And if yon are to choose your political .companionship between the two, would you prefer one who is an enthusiast in behalf of Freedom, or ono who3iK>deinto some byway, orkqr »ome new jpospect, bat I, wherever a body of extreme men (Disunionists for-the by tlie party, or by any of its constituted agonto. The tion of a Reputlictn President, nijy word for it, tho1 sake of ah^union) are to he found, in one section, it altsTonxe object. While, tprefore, I desjre t> avoid I will generally be traced back to' some local politicianrefolutions for the admission bfToxfo actually provide question of the repeal of that law which denounces for the admission of two more States out of that por- the slave trade as piracy, and prohi >its the importation tion of her Territory south Of 36~ 31/, " with or with- of. slaves, will be 'mooted in Congress within the out Slavery, as the people of such State may der«a*e." next tour years They say it is a ready decided that Among others, I maybe pardnned.for'siying I opposed t-lavf s are prctx!rty -.as much so. ai 1 horses and cattle, this provision ay the time of i's pusstige; but it became goods and ajerc jttiidise; and tbiJt. he citizens of each a law, in despite"of'all opposition; and should the time btatcdiave a co11wi&operate,justequally in every section of tlie coun-try, and under tbcee circumstances the greater interests .must,con'roltheless*. KaliiticationWasputdown, but the-same heretical opinions out of which jc grewcontinue to exiat.Time roiied on, and in the course of events a co^teothe it remembered, lies south of W- 30', the fltijsouri Conxprottiise Vm^. Before, ani upon its acquisition, the groat Whig party, a.-id a large portion of tue dem- ocratic pajrty oi. tho country, Norih imd Wost,4dv?-with Mexico brought with it at its closa a largo accea~ (s nothing to do. ' .'hat so long as the applied to this quee'ioja, wUic^j-Bhoatd par, this-otjre- importer dojes iot bring in disease, or anything sub-of princlpl*uj ap^roximntes uearest the Cpnstitnti'iri,esTi iB« ^jpnscitixaia, manded that this territory should remain as it wa?, IVeo f> thevotes-of her pp'ople. The original Lscptnptonhas already pjaicfyou shall riot I'mpose iihpori dutiesa n d o e s t suiH'jrvc-; the inter ;«ts of thef the Union in all its teiritory; that sound pohcy and right feeliog required bill contained, it will ha remttmbered,' tuis claviso:that, in the noon of the nineteenth century, under tlie "The right ofthe.pwher.of a slave to .such slavo andwhichrray she uot arj ue, still less can yojparte'. That pnartyv whi^ch ajjlifToctteste* such jariaciphs isa*n,inter«Bts; if so, himake an absolutee Union Corjstitntiorjpjj paIbo txpe r^ party of tse tpuntry.broad light oi ica civilization aid Christianity, t^o its increase, is ttw same, and is inviolable, as fan right Froya.^be orgivs/.iXiou of r <vOvernmex|' nider the greatest republic of .the world should not be mode au cf the owner of-any propeity whateveri". Ii HkowisoThere iojibovprei^nt C >nstttation to the caltictwith Sou^h Giro- active instrument iu the spread of Slavery over a wide fo) bade all emancipation, except oh stated terms, and South-are not at) all oblivious tp the fact that tbey haveii»a, wMch'culminated in 1c it had bsert tin received area of tsrritory before that time devoted, to freadorn. d!ocf<rine of the cottntry tha* o United Sialics together This sentiment was universal wit'1 the Whiga of the<ier<siiwed one people -one on. The *?JArticlor! of Free States. 'I think there waa not one Whig S;.ttewas in the strongest sense Pro-Slavery. • •over, one relief tjo this view; "the vast invest-nhentb iu this species of property, tlie valueof Which will b\i greatly reduced by opening our ports tatiosso- The/States interestediiirais-ever arrive (l trust it: may fce ditstanl-) when the coun-tryshallbecanedupontoconstitutea.StateoutofthatTerritory^ I doubt Mot it will be adapted, ifit'have allother requisites, with*or without Slavery, as the peopleof such 1 f-i-ritory may doi e. Bu« there is a recent ex- iinn ice; that it .is a subject with which the Federal position Of the principles of the Republican party as Government hi:Mr.Douglasand'bisfollowersaskthatitbeleftto the people of the Territories; but this is in*the licit place-opposed to the whole practice of the'Govern- ment. From its foundation to t,he passage of tho Kansas-Nebraska act, this question has always been settled by Congress for the Territories, and not by the Territories for themselves. Beside this, the experience that the country has recently had iu the attempt of KanssBto form even her organic law, as a State, has not been such ns to commend the principle for which Mr., Douglas and his followers contend to tho most favorable consideration; while the. action of the Fed- eral Governors in vetoing the legislation Of the Terri- tory against Slavery illustrates the necessity for -hav- ing the National Executive, by w.iom these Governors are appointed, properly imbued with tho bsiitiuionte of freedom.After ii frill ana elaborate investigation of tlie frau'ls by ."which the Lecomjton .-Constitution, waa adoptedMr. Breckinridge and his friends f.ceiu still less dis-posed to aid in stopping Slavery agif-atioh. Upo\ the1st of March last, it was announced in. a set of formalresOiutioiis pasted by^Democratic Senators,'that, if'jo- to the.Union or any of its great and leading interests. should become necessary for the protection of Slavery And wba< position are tuey asked in tho meantime to in the Territories, it will be the duty Of Congress to occupy 1 To say that they vote to defeat Ltncola is provideaelavVcodeforthepurpose. While some of ontytellingLa'fthotruth,aad notthe mostimportant_ ihegroea would soon understand in that >«orth"or West >vho«e Iwegishaures did not pass insola- aud returned, to Congrtse, the DemocraQo metnoera event tho piinfciples of a protective.tariff Should'theC'/n/ederidon,"' by tue hole which w e [ha i passedthtovtck the Revolution, h:V done their vfork; their tions eml>odying this sentimen', and for which resolu- with•>'•.'*-w worthy exceptions, voted to admit Kansas liiw againstjthe import of slaves be repealed, it would' powvy* for {0Q& cecisevl as so as the exterohl pressure tions very many-of the Dfcmocrafc3 in those'bodies as a S ;:i 0, under that fraudulent CouBti tutiou. B u t an scarcely be mori marvelous or abst rd than some other they wer«; formed tf> resist ad passed awav." The voted. In my own State resolutions were passed by amcndxciit.was offered in the Ilonse to this bill. things •that] bare happened, choul 1we -find them, atpeopleoftheseparateStates enbe^tntolooktotheir twosuccesaiyeLegiehttures.Theywerecouonrrcdiaby Thisamendment provided for the immediate admis- some future diy, demandiugfrom.Congress a tariti'own inteieca, irrespective f the interests of those all the White, anda wr'aon. at least, of the Democracy. sion of Kansas as a Stutc, btit upon thin condition, for theprotectioa of their home industry X At present, the Judges of the Supremo Court of the United States, h*R either, If thoy defeat him, they do not startanew, arotmd ihcsu Their legisk partook of the same Inieed, the feeling of the Whig party, as expressed :n u That the said Constitutional instrument shut! bo firaG however/ there is no party, us such, which avowH as by arguments and opinions outside of the case decided, but they elect, or help the House or Senate to elect iselfish c-harjtcter. -Ace^tri;' lows, growiag out of such formal resolutions and in the primary assemblies submitted to a vote of the peeple of Kansas, aud as- have said that neither Congress nor the Territorial another. To say that tbey are for nobody ia particular focal, but d:TeTsiried and to e extea£coEJflt:nng in- ofthepeopie all over the country* north aiid west, its policy tho reopening of the Afrit an slave-trade, but Legislature can pess any law to prohibit Slaver}' in tho is a condition pitiablo enough, bat when they go farmer t*rests and pnrsnite, wasfar. It waa radar tbe*ewas th^n, after an election .in dbe form, 60 make, Slave 8tate with our present supply of slaves,". and.it law. That, in a wor<d^, S..lave._r„y is the rifle, a.ud h\-**.{Sovereignties; that the territories were the comucnt>res'.ed, the ineongmous material into one,#mass. By. ;fund, not of the people of the country, hat of thess for herself a <Constitution and State Govemmsn% was. asked of the South to come up ia a proper spirit dom the exception; thus reversing upon to9 question:qnjllity, provide for the common defense, promote the there were, the dissatisfied State or States could with- f^ large fcr*3 was .filled generalwelfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to draw. It was needless to remind them that no law ourselves and our poetOriVyy do ordiiu and establish had been, orxould be passed| which might not oparate last, night with a m&4e of ehtbusiastVr .Rcpnbli- thie Constitution for the United States of America.,' unequally, eo that somebody, somewhere, may be to attend tie- first of a seritfca of mee&pgs to be TThe.powers necessary to effect tho several purposas injuriously affected. That over the territories Con- gress must have power under the Constitution, or it existed nowhere. The 7ight of a State to have all the territories open to Slavery], and to secede from the Union for the want of it (the old Calhoun fallacy), was revived anew; hut tbe Whig]party, and HO importantheiilj Ihe Central Canapaida Chio. Thoutfh lacking declared in the Constitution were vested in the govern- | ment thus created. To deny that the Union thWereatedDemocracy. When it Went to the Senate, it was there sion of Slavejy. But upon this question of the.reopen- sustained by Mr. Seward, Mr. Hale, Mr. Hamlin and ing of the slave-trade, neither branch of the Democracy others, embracing every Republican in that body, dare yet announce any. policy differing from that con- though the Democratic majority prevented its final tended:for by the great Republican party.passage. • . | There are one or two other matters connected with which looked toward a recosnitiOn of-it. Yetduriug In the face of this—the last oflichil exposition of the this general subject OPwhich it may he well for a mo-&» attractions of blazing arts and jroarirrg.clnnon, the was a Union of the people for " the general welfare,"•spirit and enthusiasm of the people j TO« no1j wanting; is to deny what appears upon the face of the instrument.fbere were but few ejmpty seate in the farther- To aver that it was a mere league or compact between most end of the halL the States, is to.deny that we are a nation—is to deay the truth on onr national flag—"E pluribua uuurn." Saaon PXAFKK, esq., called tibU meeting to order, Itsay8thatwejare noto«c nation; that our central aad nominated Mr. GKORG.* QrriirKE for Chairman. government is a mere political abstraction, or at beet a I b e menti'm of Mr. Opdyke's niime calkjd forth a special partnership between States; a something on paperj to which} each State has linked itself for the tine being, and from which it may separate itself whenever the strain upon its own particular link shalLin its judg-portion of it, ever adopted] the fallacy or anythingAs the Places of the judges; who ha?e held faIs7dol trraes become vacant, they, too ar* fittiJ K ^ T C T Federal ExecntjTM aid i , « e e g 2 £ & t£-taw*, of applaute; and aabe took • ris Beat jthe cheers y*8o again, making the walls reecr, oto the shouts.ritorial Jaws for securing the same to freedom was use- less-or in the languoge of Ifc. Webster, ''it was hut reenactang the laws of God.' But the Constitutional power was universally claimled by the old Whigs anda large portion of the Democracy North and West, and conceded even by some of th i men of the South. Tois claim, 88 bsfrre remarked, extended to the exclusion of Slavery from all the Temtories newly acquired, asMr. NOKTBVP put in nominal<j n the following as Vjc^Prestfen**and Secretaries: ITii^Pr**ident9— HOD. Huniltoa Fish, 1 ton. Wi]K«ijn V. Brady, r&aflkt KiM,LL.D..P»l»ti»h Pwrit.JilexnndorW. Bradford,ment, be too heavy. If this be so, the Constiiutionformed " for the general welfare" of the people, and tosecure " a more. perfect Union," is a failure, and the"ArticlesofContederation"wereaseffectivetofofmatbe clamor and threats of uecesnon which followed, principles of the Republican party on this point—can ment to speak. The propriety of abolishing the slave- that these heretical opinions shall if nrx^M* Z^Jzl some of our public men said that a provision m the Ter- it be fairly saic" that it is an avovded piinciple of the trade between the States has occasionally been com- fartheraidin that courl But aside frJntaUtheU^Sparty, that no State shall hereafter be admitted from mented upon as one of the suppoeedpurposes of the Re- tors which force this qoestion upon us, the conduct our Territories, unless there is an Anti-Slavery clause publican party. It is enough to say that no such pur- of the Democracy, and every-branch of it, by the pro- incorporated into its constitution 7 True ii is thai, not- pose or principle has ever been recognized as its rule of ceedings of their Conventions, hold us to the constant withstanding the; prior success o\ the Pro-Slavery party action. Nor has the subject had that prominence consideration of the< question. One branch resotosK * cause in their Territorial electiors, the Republicans Which would justify us in sayiog that any considerable that the people of the Territories should be left free to- were satisfied that, upon a fair vote of the people of number of the party bad given to it such attention as act for themselves. The other branch resolves that, if Kansas, they could beat their adversaries; but this, its importance would seem to demand, preliminary to necessary, a Slave code shall be passed by CongressJ though it may have affected the akion of individuals any action or result whatever. And Mr. Breckinridge, their nominee, says, in his in the .given case, did not alter tlie principle recog- The abolition of Slavery in the District of Columbia Frankfort speech, in reference fo" this matter, " W e nized by the Re pjublican members in their votes upon is another of those questions connected with this gene- must never give up the principles. I would save the that amendment. - ral subject which demands a passing notice. The question and the principle, and never let go the Consti-The Compromise bills of i1850 settled, a3 was sup-publican party upon this questionj and that is to the of the principles avowed upon these queetions by their Constitution." And such is my answer in return—T would never Jet go the Constitutional' right in Con-senting to the Compromise 3features as a finality. It tive of the party for the time being, it is chargeable, favor of endeavoring to abolish Slavery in the District controlling the question of Slavery in the Territories.,•who had introduced a bill, for the organization of the Lincoln, propotnded ah interrogatory upon this very need scarcely say, leaves the whole matter to the ac-TerritoriesofNebraskaandKansas,offeredanamend- subject;andininewertothat interrogatory Mr.Liu- tionofthepeopleoftheDistrict,themselvessubjectto roar; tbeyhavenotonlyquarreled uponthisquestion/ment thereto which contained in tho somewhat coarsebut expressive -language of Col. Benton, " a s'aimpcoin, on the 27th of August, 185S, said: " I do hotnow, nor ever did stand pledged against the admissionthe consiervative terms therein stated, and would be with us, but have a bitter fead among themselves; they the exercise of a power of which the mos!« extreme have divided geographically as well as politically; yetspeech in its belly," tne object of which was to repeal the of any more Slave States into the Union," and he man of the South could not justly cpniplaia. Indeed,they and the Union-saving party ask us to ignore thei ij 'Missouri Compromise. By this ill-timed and unfortu- adds: " I would-be exceedingly sorry ever tobe put within the whole range of public men, 1 doubt if ono question. As well couid we ignore storm while itnate act of legislation, the condition of all the Territo- in a position of having to pass upon that,question. I can be found, not absolutely pro-slavery in his' antece- blows tho rain and sleet in our faces, as ignore the ex-. ries of the country, north'as well .'as south of 36° 30', should be exceedingly glad to knos|that there would dents and sentiments, who, upon this distracting ques- istence of this Slavery controversy. The request upon:I now submit to the unbiassed judgment of all fairhemently the repeal of the old Compromise. I should adopt the constithtion, do such an extraordinary thing men, whether there is anything in the antecedents or exists, and that such legislation, if exercised, wouldwhich should repel a cordial cooperation upon the part of all those who are opposed to the abuses and princi- ples of the Democratic party.truth of this,statement. He is chargeable, I am sorry preparatory to it£ admission as a State. While the Re- Srinciples for the Republican party ? The platform of differing upon a modification Of the principle only, eachto say, with a share of the responsibility of that act. hold on to their separate views with unyielding tenaci- But if there were any qtiestion upon which the old* publicans have aeld that so long as it continues the ie party is its beet exponent. Next come the officialcreature of the Federal Government, and legislates only acts of Republicans in Congress; and, lastly, the ex- ty ; 8gitate tbe question in their conventions; nominate Whigs of the Free States were united, (aided as they as its agent, such legislation is subj ect to its revision, pressed opinions of its nominee. No man can find any- opposing candidates as between themselves; light overpresence of the institution among them, I see no alter- native, if we owjh the country, bat to admit them into the Union." . *This may be said to embody the principles of the Re-not, disturb the Union of the States.haps did not eontemplate. Of this class of expressions State, whatever might have been iti action as a Terri- is " the-irrepressible conflict," words ueed by a dxetin-tory, it would at once have full and absolute c-ntrol fuished statesman of the Republican party. *Nocmah over the whole s abject.. - . ' as greater respect for that gentleman than I have, and2. Itls, in the next place, objected that the princi- they do him injustice, I am sure, when they saythat ples of the Republican party contemplate, or rather tol- he assumes to enunciate more than his. own opinions.•other purpose .or object would be futile, for when adisregard of its sensibilities, and in some of its pro- shall pass away for ever. The influence of free princi-visions of doubtful constitutionality. Yet, no line can be found in any pjatform of the Re publican party, or in any other plaoi of authority^ . which . encourages or contemplates its violation. Tne S'.uth is no doubt, entitled to have "the provision of the C-institution which applies to Lhe return of fugitive slaves fairly car- ried out," but she <:annot jostly hold t le North account- able for the feelkgs of individuals vrho look upon the law in question as offensive in its requirements and objectionable inj its details. Nor can t i e Republican party be held jus;lv accountable for la feeling of aver-ples are forever in conflict with the influences which support and uphold Slavery. The world over there is, and ever has been, an irrepressible conflict between the principles of right and wrong, opgood and of evil; and we are taught to believe that this conflict will last until the good shall triumph/ " Sooner ,or later comes the Millennium."•of Columbia, unless it could be done on these condi- After the CompromiseMeasures of 1850, and the actionaid them in this they have seized upon the garbled ex-and geographical divisions,, lest we peril the Union.They "disregard wholly the. moral obligation, and thelrgal obligation likewise, unlec3 th3 negro is withoutthe'pale of humanity. It seems t> me.that the com-plaiht of the South that there are individuals in theNorth who cannit school,their feelugsto the point ofholding.that this Fugitive' Slave law is just what itfehould be, comes, under the circumstances, with-a verybad grace. If the execution of this law were moredifficult than it ia, some apology, I should think, wouldbe found by the South itself, in i ;s own inability orneglect to enfoiee the laws of the country upon a kin-dred question. !3ut whether this Is so or*not, it iscertain that the Republican pirfy c m neither controlnor answer for tbe consciences of men. Jt can»onlysay, as it often has said, it recognizes fully the obliga-tion of public l a p , and neither sec is ncr desires itsviolation. Butthecandidateofthe/partynowbefore. compressedtheideainthesewords,itseemedtoindi- leaveMr.BreckinridgetoMr,Douglasandhisfol- the country has|gone much further/han this. He has cate scmethhig more, and brought into one view the lower's. 1 could not if I would " paint the lily or per- said, in the speecn already referred to, not only that he whole system of corrupt electioneering and party plun- fume the violet." As respects Messrs. Bell and hiver- " is not in favor "of the unconditional repeal of .the Fu- der which controlled the Democratic camp and at once • ett, I desire to speak of them with that sincere respect gitive Slave la-v," but he addrcd, " inasmuch as'we ' made the system aiid. the sentiment obn >xious to justparty has taken decided ground; and that is, an utterand unqualified opposition now aid hereafter to allchoose him who believ'es Slavery an unmitigated evil, or him who holds it an unmitigated good 7 Would vouThe very combinations that are their followers, irrespective ofthexa asunder, fast and wa«, a» before caid, univertal. But in the mids* of tbifl sented to by them or a majority of voters at an elec- the proeelytest([ the doctrine are orj the increase. Toe Territories; that they may legislate to admit, hut notmztaneee thai the wise eiao« of ttiugs, the Sonih at ence presented the eld tion to be field, for that pnrpose."- And as soonaa J question h'as abj^ady ^ e n promnaenjtiy stirred in their and s^y that they have no principles, that their only4pects; imports is unconstitutional andcent fo>» •• 0 rmay ii juji'ibus'y afi'eet South prohibition.Ining the "Articles qae^ioi', vb* r.ffil of ea>h ScavC to vu e^o*! fettyes*/ in such assent nat) given, the J'resident was to announce Democratio: Contentions. At Cliarleston. hi April to exclude. That the Constitution carries Slavery, or, power of cohesion conststo, not in any love foreacu/;• 11-•r' .J«ut,itWHMcowjendedthat"iliedoctsine0/protectionlay,recognizeeandprotect*i>wheworitgoes.ThatI'(that way be kept out of the Territories whera it is not,as tho young plant takes root only when undisturbed,and goes down in the wind; • but the tree tiiat has been cf multiplication. The consequence is, that although planted and grown, when.shaken by the storm, strikes . the. head is off' and the body divided through the mid- its roots for security deeper in the earth. A sentiment die, each yet cinstitutes the Democratic party: and innoxious and trite, in itself, will sometimes be graven the Union men, represented by Met«rs. Bell aud Everett, v; in the public mind by the form of expression/ Thus connect themselves with one fragment or the other, the "irrepressible conflict/,' like "the higher law," • With a most praiseworthy indifference as to the princi- when analyzed may not amount to much more than ples adopted by either, in the mean time the repre- has-been often said before; but the form of expression,giving the minds of extreme me-n an opportunity to en-jects it to Criticism. " To the victors belong the spoils" of each other. . ., ,'had, in substance, been said a thousand time1, andwithout criticism or comment, but when Mr. Miroy his followers, and in return I still more cheerfullyThat there- are men considered by some of extremedifccarded. The great bead of the party is, therefore,belong to the order of the Polypa*. which, though cut into many parts, each is yet peifoct in itself and capable.100450'300'400 X ..co" 100 do.ITS d) , 150Had? c *\• i'' 2.00."L. EJi* 2,(00 L En-1 LOW 3t'.>». 4..' 5,000 ....'. 2e,MeKhjr1»100 ("suitor. Co; •50 • <U•50Ti:\&'r >ij ICO - ii,. C«-. do t#1Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•'.-•'-• •'••-.•Untitled Documentji|f•i,.---.,:<www.fultonhistory.comL_1 • ' :1 