'''poUticalrant.Amongsthis-.'.'andall kinds of freight, it is steadily gaining uponTheone man to appropriate to himself the exclu- taking them into custody, by a judicious.;'of levying the tax wiU drive away the very te<« bean definiiively abandoned, the policy dic- Many years since, and under conditions en- source of our prosperity, and kiU the goose:ike baparor, will be, that the Bomagna and the Bailroads have since shown themselves to pos-gto. wr-TDBK, yoNPA-T, JAJ. 30, isaa, *"*«*?/'"'1 anatBc-FrlM Tw* <»<> Mr*** U agfl>eaidetboaaofaeferaI monthly publicstions, also rVoBK Toaa (a«^-wMkiy)-noaBiBHr anatala quUa a loss. The exact origin of the fire eooldiMt be ascertained, but the destmctiveness to the unfortunate distance of •«tir]«B«»iM.<e«MaUnM, IvVwawBDnUMi tka ntoat powerful of the engines from the localityposes on the commerce of all tqir reotes be- erted a most disaatrous infioenee npoi| the which mankind atffltween tide-water and the great lakea. How, general welfare and upon JfOi politic^ proe- and wbioh the baibariana did the world a aor- Eeitts and Toomhses* aad Wises, tewerei; ir the prewmt Imr laMf ««, (baV re- H«toar-thewMa'«oB«try. fhe fiia^ not Tice in destroying. Ko such notions of iesTefio betweea theirC|l.StiB-gorfelook bade with shams, thieaiened leaa tfaas (hey mnsal to Ao. Iks prop- maiginVAIi&lOSV TBt&TBI—Taa BoKxiica or a Pots3TBXATBX-JluniDxA«i, o« ia« l«illi»44ytaua.tions. Breadstuffa quota- were generally quiet. Floorup shop once continue a hopeless and looing contest.replying to tlie argument that Slavery is theGoveniment has a right to"organize" andTheuctsareteqaotedfinner. Qroceries were1^ AAbK^ .-MlBKir-Oooa'a KeTAi AnnaftMArtM dealt ift—1( were also Nfavml Btorea, <Mla andto deny that the relation of slaves and masterstake from ereiy man the fruits of his labor, and make what they think would be a better^were 399 veaaaia of aUolaaaea inthe lazy and feeUe as to the industrious andthe strong. The difference l)etween these gen-tlemen and the civilians and Mr. O'Coiroa isI Taavra.eAXDMH—I<iuu.TBBATU—Ths OoToaooa—Baa Liii^ caatrat,distribution ofit, by giving. _. arHAHjM.tftpr mawnrpnttBa—Taa ooiomoc—ifiaawnthe embarrassment due tofact, they are making a desperate attempt topursuit { ngtlung liaving been done towards opening the greatlypro-'.to i>e controlled Com. Tamdebbilt, byannually ;of the Erie, about $70,000.ment on theof the other members of theless. must themselves come into court with clean hands.From lUcaragaa we have the same story of Tnnait. Mr. Bosa Pikiz, whose movements wereis maintained for the traffic which we still retain.with ourto effect any definite arrangement. An Anglo- comes from works and combinations outside(oppoaadhao proposed a new contract, but had been unableThe competitionCanals, therefore,partcommunity to guarantee him against robbery,on condition that he wiU lend his assistance innothing ^lid, theyCol. CAury, was attempting to secure a monopoly of the routeto Mr. Bzllt's contract, which was revoked for non-fulfillment, it is now stated that other parties,Messrs. BlCABD & Co., ofnamely, Marseilles,iiave taken up the task for which he was unequal, and tlmt application has been made to the Nicar- agoan t}ovemment for a revival of the grant. This, our correspondent assures us, the Government will coBceae, if the new contractors are able to de-—whichfar the most valuableCan any business live and thrive under such burdens? Suppose the vessels trading be- tween New-York and New-Orleans were sub- jected to a tonnage duty exceeding by one doUar that charged on vessels running between New-Orleans and other ports. How longThis theory of property is, and always hasany of its provisions.Tliere iswhich politicians of thebefore the country, than to protect individual States and Territories from hostile invasion. His paramotmt motive was a party motive. Doubtless, he b—elieved himself to be doing a"Canalregion of facts.from aat Chicago, meeting us upon equal terms. The Pennsylvania Railroad, her great work, was constructed to serve as a channel of com-their rivala without a similar result? -If, by our legislation, we could reach the roads, from whose competition tlie Canal isthemost there would suffering severely, bethe of. Itwhich he soThat: the foreignare thus able, y/e leam from the trade of our own but that of State,us that thetworevolutions, and theof immunity lastargument. atieugthEarapa)Oo the canal are actually on their way to the Isthmns. Should such be the case, the Nicaraguamayat lastinto theto rights and constitutions, are two of the most disposedquestion maysummarily-• EKChangeonNew-York3^4^apologyto withdraw when itbut ttiis much is certain, thatmotive wliich he couldaj^rove. Thetaantdidnotcomewithatheydown ourbusinessaltogether ?greatprivate property against any appropriation bythe Government, except for public purposes, refutation of the theory. For the purposes and after payment of fuU compensation to the of our present comments, it is not necessarypassspeculationowner, which is a leading article in aU bills of solemn repudiations of Mr. O'Cosoa'a falla-reopenConstitution of the United States, no State sur-antiumzed. Billswereintroducedto'fcra on tfio How-York and Erie Bailroad—to tb« Beriaed Statutes relative to suits lyainat heira and davlaeef, and to incorporate a • C»Ua»a of Dental teppona wiih a capital not to aseaed$60,000. PeOnoiMworereceivedinfavor <>f reorgaqicing the Court of Appeals. The As-aembly was not in session.bidjustout alone, but she has not certainlyto invade individual Stat^speech, however,fi'om hissvpportKaW^'SMk, overtook those bodies at Cincinnati upoathdr return homeward. The courtesy wasCanal when runaing byif the obstinacy of his friends hadtheStateaU criminal legislation for the whole countryBoth bodies left Chicinnati on Sat- ]^.Judge J. W. EDX05i>ti delivered at Dod-and Instruments in the commerce of allto the • Chair of thewealth were the of productsrapine and spolia-" aterm to Congress. Conspiracy ". is vague:-Hot Accepted.. orday evening.agentsgreat citiesconsideration or importance without them;Hall. The coiintry wlU acknowledge that the man who ceases to compote for thetwo persons may organize a conspiracy as well as two hundred, and it may aim at theperpetration tif petty larceny as well as at civil rebeUion and the overthrow of govern- ment Mr. Douglas would have all conspira-|V«rtlif>^lltT<*'^i^TmorninKwhen competition has cleariy de-^-^^terM(pin>tbeeveiing,atSt.Ihgttias'Church. t. XoiaAV, theIt has a debt The Canalbody, respectingliisresignation,butitwas as.thejusutendietahifendi perty^BtritV Sector, ffSidbtii thedia-a consolidated govemment,--towarda'donmit-Jjsy^iylaiatpler No 6 Sorth Wv6r,and owned byfintsofcorBailroads,andofthe'/orwardersby Mr.PzicanroToirropresentathedistinctlyconsar-what the result of these ideas was in Rome. disunion and war, which firebrands aresponsibiUtieadisUncfly reserved |o tiaa Indi-abf#M.«nMl,7aadlaeoveredto«UMa- «**»d too violent for the most eaergetieevery day spouting now-a-days, both at the South•aOdtte of the firemen, and before they could(he Caaal, maeh of the business they once pos-other routes tovatlve wing o*Northem pubUc opinion, it Is tohevidual such law.necaadtytbr soy Each State ponlshna^flfodflrs withinbyroads shall be aquarteror a third, orthe inguaranteeing others against the same con- They must repudiate every attempt to override place Republican Party an odious lightOur dates from Havana are to Jan. 25.iia no political intelligence. Business was quiet. to be derived from it, but to build up and sus-In the State Senate, on the bill Saturday,not berelating to lailmada in this City was ])assed by a vote of 23merce primarily, not for the sake of the incomeor itcent. prem.tain the commerce ofon record. fore the law, and the law, instead of creatingrendered itsright;pleased,theirflag;" but notanyregulateright thegoto makebrSn firelrbeWe know that in spite of Christianity they bred an abasement, a degradation, a corruption andSUtes. Utereia no2 cargo, w«, nearlrand innp parallel history domontade has never resulted in violenoe.ThereaffinnatlTe, 1 negative, after it had been amended been, is and will be managed steadily and with* ao aa to make it tmlawful for such roads to be con- a- atructed, aave under such regulations and restric- Jtions as the Legislature may hereafter pro- kvide. Thissectionofthebillhasnoretrospectiveaction aa ragards roads already existing and duly,inbytheprovisionsof thegood gracejusttheto rightJudging he seems inclined toar-MMdAlbwiy wintMidthe aoli-Congresa^Suchrho-amotrnt of $I$0,000. How maeh of tUi was in-auiedianot'atated.batit UsaidtbatWaU-atraatcompanies Ikold policies to the amount of $40,OMon the vessel, which waa bnilt in ISMLanl waa va-lued at $60,000. About 1 o'clock onMMIjtaT•km btnaas by the additional Imi4ea it im- tKora ia (he Hoose, and wfaidi has abeady ex- vidnal righU, and created a despoUam ta hare been conuDeaced bymomlng a fire broke ont ioault ofState, what will be the effect of adding, in the Hotise on Friday, when three meabers juri^radeace. We have taken maay things clarlng th^WV.AMtogic the Union and extor-Kimatauat)aUubtluavdlvedlQadaatnictloaofoompetitioa niitD^^ oultid* the cooiea toosoon. Theday speetaete«xbiMtedertytheirwayintoAnglo-Scxaa poasnaa^silsWAMoa,Taeyeewwtiepcevyda-newapaperpropattT. Aaooa the sofficers werethe of tka of the Menwry,prapiietoH Lidger,fteAtit*. tad of tha MrSmnt of the nmw.mlnateereiybody. |rho otijeets; woo* thaaand Wheat were depressed. Com was unsettled. Proviaiona were fteely aonght after. Hog prod-of it in manner it tbinlcs fit—^to anyMatala. Hay, Hope and Whisky waremadeiately inquired for. FreighU were inactiva. Therekilliag two birds with one stone ;—exercise of their own wiUs. So, to get rid ofaa much of it tounlncki- ly, both the birds belong to onraelvas. Wa drire away the habeas which, without tills TaxtaiK tk0 OtMt Roatea «r Tnile. tax. would kare come to as. Aa a revenns laeasare, consequently, it wiH defeat itself, be- omnse it wiU destroy the very conditions and to beaWHtagAmr-lla.u»Mn.TAHBnw>n^Dkuubs politk»l economy so false, and which woaldIMiASWAT BOUDOIB, Vo. tt4 Bnadnr-Uai.Aiia prove, in practice, so disastrons to all our greatinteresta, that they deserre the most aarious 'ipyi^V SALOOir—Gaoaoa Caamrt'g Xnmaau. attention of the pubiic. We refer to the billsfor the of the Canal tolls reimpoamon nponoar Bailroads ; and to compel them to trans- i a/UiAfl* ttA«P«K-Tiji Aaaaaaa It Oo.'» MaaAoam. port local at very nearly the same rate aa''"; KKWS OF THE DAY. through freights, and onder conditions most onerons to our Bailroad Companies. The firstTWO aMuaiu are now befom pendiag ttiatliis imquestionabieinnm — AiianMoa nd xv««im — Icfiataton of this Sttte, and threaten to b»-principle theyof it The Communists want the lawaiainrifv mmUM*WOW-TlMMWWMLDaiin.pUcatlott"Ton could not hold these men as to aid Oiem in despoiling the laborious and in-corae towa, which are baaed upon principlaa lathe basis on which the tax iaassessed. We aaytothe owner ofeToryttm1^ the airiTsI at this port of the Fulton, and at named bin is proposed as a measure ef and Bailroads, untaxed, have brought us, andIf that society were broken up, you would have Slavery, and Mr. Toombs a little Athenian Re-SectlMid of the Nov Scotimit, we have Enrapean latWiCeoce to Jan. 12. There la maeh of interest IbUm newa. The idea of a Congrees seems toFinance, a resort of Taxation. The reasona up-untaxed, will continue to bring us. The modeno property in anything you now enjoy."nie iMldnesa with which this theory is pro- mulgated and maintained is one of the best in-public ; but the American people are not pre- pared to accommodate either of them.on which it is urged may be stated aa followsITBcoastUvtianal CoBTeatioBS.dications we have that this controversy is now The Philadelphia Public caUs atten- Ledgerin its last stage. Nothing but desperation tion to a fact which at tliis juncture deserves cotild drive such men as we now find amongst to be better known—which is, that the Consti-of a:tiMd in the famooa pamphlet forming the present that lays the innune of the'Westem QoTemmenta,,Tiz.: tirely different from those which now exist, andgoldeii egg.But theunluckyStates, he would hare the Batter ia presentedsuch a shape as to cnumand the sappoit of the entire North, withont distiaction tdftitf. Mr. Fessxndzk avowed his readiness togo asfiir as any one to prevent the formation of ooaqira- cies in one StMe for the invanon of anotiier. I have no doubt that Mr. SrwAsnhimself would fully concur in the propriety of some additioaal legislation upon this stibject Indeed,inthe can issued for a National Convention of the BepubUcan Party, there is a distinet reeogai- tion of the duty of preventing, by poi^tive Federal legislation, the recurrence of each at- tempts as that of Jobv Bbown.Hr. DoiTOLAS, however, chose to ignore all this. Indeed, lie based his advpcacy of a law against inva^ons upon the assumptiOB tihatas a were o d te theRepublicans— party ppoaeRahr he left to arrange her internal aSaira which could not then be foreseen, very large Tax win still remain unpaid from the^__jtotelywithoutexternalintervention; thateven4iMlh«BCii tioopa now atationed at Borne be in-itmMf racalled, and that the Papal Government bepmoMtad fiom drafting recruits in foreign coan- the £rie Canal was the sole carrier between pocket—a pocket eompletely coUapsed from tliba. OiMieanltofthis]n-a7«<,accordiaetoaFrench the East and the West. The which the ruin brought npon us by our unwise and jtUsil apeakisg, it Is underatood, the Tiews of capacityDbgUbbwillatonceconsolidatethemaelvesunder sesswasnetthenunderstoodoranticipated.and fire-eaters are what wild in their notions ofCongress, keep troops ships(&• Oimm of Sardinia''VM 'of ISieral institutions in such close andposition,; and that from the press-this new mode of raising a revenue fCan wewar in time ofwhen such a man as Mr. O'CoirNoa embodies ment or compact with another- State, or withthe theory in a legal argument ad- a foreign power."dressed to the highest tribunal in the Commenting on this. Judge Stobt gives as State, he converts it into something a reason for the prohibition, "that it mightat as not an entirely improbable event.Bl tto meantime, the nndertalk at ParistfeakM of Harshal Caxsobkbt as on the quently,lead to"points" in the argnment in the Lxiaioir case the general interests, and lead them, the.foti,Mai-oQyn diatingiiished ciiancters. The ser-articles of merchandise, -such as tliis is precisely what the advocates of theThe first comer would have the to take it righttion of hostQities. President Madison treated die movement in a way that has established aA Senator who was looking solely to the honormoval of an causes of needlessand distrust l>etween different sections, would have been less soUcitoos to im- peach the loyalty of fhe great mass of tlie Northern people. He would liare sought rather to exculpate them from the imjust re.proacfa. It is not easy to imagine a more for- midable injury which any Senator ooold inflictliaaa wwa extremely solemn and impressive.perishable measures in the New-York—whose^a Fnaident's Message waa lecived with generalfreight, or freight likely to deteriorate in value enalongjonmey,orsuchaspossessahighvalueproposed Legis- lature of 1860 are seeking to effect. Theyfrom him, unless his neighbors met and solemn-ly invested him with its ownership, and itwouldbeinvirtueoftheirenactment,andnot wehope,wUlneverhavetobefoUowed,by in virtue of his own toil, that he would be en-and welfarethe coimtry,exchisiveaiMtP»al the London The Time* con- by preas.salutaryand usefiilprecedent,but onewhich,ataam it mmately, and notpoteta of European interest are concerned. ThetatarnawswereceivefromLidia,China,andAus- totheCanal. Itis alsoequallyundeniable tralia, is without importance.of the RaUway with the Canal like a horse-race, and insist that the RailwayBkBtSfficulty at Washington in regard to the fifi a^llialilii appears to be appronching a solution. Ctai Baturday, at the cancua. of the Bepablicans aummoDed hy_ Kr. Sbxkmam, t^at -gt^IKelaaa an- Donneed his indisposition to permit a further use oCLliianame; andoegged his supporters to selectourcarriage of the coarsest kinds of freight, suchproperty does exist in nature ;" and about immov-tionthe commission of the firstesaaion of otlier names that ol Hr. FaRMaieTos, ;State of Pennsylvania, which has been wiseenough to abolish the absurdity by selling her movables are the fruits of industry, and the Southern States propose to hold a Conveh-unfavorably,so far asto its balk, tlie Bailroad isthat the Bailroad has shown itself able to dis-treat therivalryhostilityDemocrats, Messrs. Bitnolds, Bicas, and reference to the interior, and they are as-AittAIK, weie ready te vote for Mr. PxsNmaTojfand supposing the Bepublican vote to go for him serting their advantages in this particularthe movement, and with a fair return uponmassofthein aB and sections,he would thus obtain a tieboose. Inthateventhewastobeconstrainedto vote for himself and so close the contest. The foittinate result of this arrangement is so confi- dandy anticipated, that an organization of the Hbose this week is set down as perfectly assured.capitalin athe duty of the President of the Unitedparties,loyalen mstte,vote in a fullin a most resolute, energetic manner. It is within the experience of every merchant in this City that already has a large trade been drawn from us, and that in every mercantilelivepopulous district and not in a wilder-States,;dergoes no sort of change by hia happening tothey propose to do something which it will begreat ofaUpeople are at heartinproportionsuperio''pute w^thupon oftreason.as nuiiaral coal;that,for thecarriageofany question.rightsingle eyeit,if law disappearedto-morrow, it would still remain just as sacredas ever, and a man's right to shoot a burglar eiutering his house would be very much less ques-tionable than it is now. We owe our hats, andour eoats, and onr watches, neither to the State go out with her. If Virginia thinks she can a law much more sweeping in its ptindples nor the Constitution, nor to the Legislature nor do'bctter by going into business on her own and effects than ia either required by the emer-the moatbut toupon their road beds, real estate, Sc, &c., tect him in its enjoyment. The law which They are constantly clamcning for their rightsreducedprofits.)tion in which it now finds tftelf.of each State to retire from the Union when-ever it believes its interests it. This requirehispatriotic patriotismtha'buildldfNa.^erer foundsay one-third to the present cost of mor- witbdrew their votes from a candidate who from the Soman law, bnt not these.ing freight oror onr own routes? It win had been proposed by one of themseWes, sim^ The legitimate and natural consequence of this aad thaMeaaif.Wtikoop,HaubbbcckandThomas,wbojttil^ tlM editiana of some of these weeklies, joatefaancesareallia favor of flieir doing modi better. Bat we allvigorous competition, (withalready possesses,recognizes liim as owner is simply an agree- under theof the State, beyond the reach of our legisla-American Company, representedwith but little prospect of success. In regard to road had been constructed, the Canal, for its greater, then their legitimate business requires. tingency.tion. If neither the Eric nor the Central Rail-through business at leastas we shall — shew, byconstitutes,nothing Memmingerpor- tion of its trade would be in the same condi-been,onlyrecognized byPhiladelphia, through her admirable system of public worica,;•mon^rate their serioua^intentions and pectmlary disputes with it, not only a portion of would such a tax be levied withoutgovernment as ours.people to tax themselves, asserted and defendeddoctrine was metGen. Jackson " the by bytories. He does nbt intend to secure theevery inch of the interior. We find Pennsyl-in atriumphanttheRepublicans, or in any other way than by theiroverthrow. Indeed, he seems to have been alittle alarmed at Mr. Fessinoxn's avowal of awillingness, to cooperate in the passage of a pro-law this and tatmted him aad per upon subjecthis Republican assdciates with having "lowecedpapers apprisingnan and money requisite to prosecute the work vania at Buffalo, at Cleveland, at Detroit and pose burdens upon our Railways not borne bytestify,endedcarries at low to herself the trade of the interior. She wouldfor itsexpressly protectionto this end. Itrates, because Philadelphia intends to secureasresolutely for this businesswere there no Railroads in our own State at all. It is the City of Philadelphia, therefore, that is a rival to the Erie Canal, much more formida^. ble than either the Central or the Erie Railroad.draft of a law for the of conspiracies preventionPhiladelphia.ciesany peopleplacepart.qtontaneoosly,aliiKtiyIt hascouldIn short, properly in immovables existed be-W^ yno-gorit gHm0, jtM^* Mwnustf^ 80, tmo.This sketch of the competition of Phila- tained by independent obeerrers as to the wis-delphia will apply with similar though not dom or patriotism of tlie course pursued bythe Courts. The Stole, Constitution. Legisla-ture, Courts and all, arc simply contrivanoLS and not in partnership with other malcontents. local sovereignty of the States. He proposes which we have dcvisi-d. ami llic expenses of And when WisB, or Mkmuixqeh, or Lktcheb, or not only to suppress and punish conspiraxHes which we pay, to prevent our clothes and any other Governor, or delegate, or member of in one State against the government aad an-By the way of Pikc'H Peak and T.eavcnworth, C(|ual force to Baltimore, to Richmond, to the Republican Party in Congress in their"we loam that there was much <Usur<tor in Camp Charlrston. to Pavannali, to Mobile and to Ployd, which the authorities in coniman'l wrro''using every exertion to suppress. It wa^ the in- Now-Orlcans. All have th bystrins.tantion of the Express Company between Leaven- ^woitb and Pike's Peak to start a pony Express at 'aa aaily date between thr^ former place aoa Bacra- manto; fixing the time for the tripa at taa days. In adManto the amountalready leuutlai as arrived',and evening, dis---eoaxaaaontne "Blesdngs of Bpiritnalism." He that they are better adapted to the IiabUa, Spe^ersbip,—eiring 'hem with the interior systems built andthority of any other,ordinarywith similara greater or less degree, with New-York.Under each a state of tilings, what is themanagedobjects,from the minea, $20,000 was aaid tt mve come wisest coane for us to pursue? It is uni- brought the conflict to a close on—Saturday, ihiwi||k by private liasds.would be advisable Ibr the President to break. Iba imitation tendered to the Legialatures of versally admitted tlutt for many articles of win place him in a higher—position, certainlyject doctrines utterly incompatible with thehe CKaHWfcr and Tennesaee by the anthorities of merchandise Railroad is superior to the in a bigheijnoral position, than could haveasweunderstand Th—e suchaconventionastheSlaveStatesare liberty, it. upas wen abolish atonce,andcommit;tliat nocitycan aspiretoanyoonuoci/-there has neverand all rivals, toholding clientele, doubtless, owe their vagarieson the subject of property in movables tothe Reman law, which, admirable a system stitution he has sworn to uphold.as it is in many respecta, teaches on this sub- The Ledger entertain doubts whether itthe aide side and iiirther,existenceolRomans were—with all respect be it spokenclamoringfor,thoughithasnodoubtitwouldpleofanyState. Hemightoccupied<re6efred with enthusiasm, but was, of course, that Railroads are now become necessary succeeded in elevating himGoymments;amountto thisden imposdd over and above the coat of trans. portatioB, ia juat so much offered totheories of thewhich Hr. O'Cosoa recommends us to adopt,of merchandise to "Tonmaat coming us,tend seriously to wesken him in fiie Northen and whenever law is them in despoiling the weak for the benefit of States during the canvass.pay a doUar into the Treasury of the State, beforeyourtitletothemhastobecreatedbylawof stnpid;the Pro-Slavery juriats want it to ud" you can enter our markets." The reply is, Iwill save the tax by going where it is not levied." What, in the meantime, win become of our great commercial and manufacturing in- terests, which hare been bnilt up and sustained by the products of the interior, which the Canalyourmaking ;yonrwere anticipated source of income. It must be paid made, chargeable annuallyits into the advocates,tution ofthe Unitedexpendituresupon the Canals of the State. At that timedefencetheory of property so entirely hostne that no State shaU enter into any alliance,The Canal had soMidBX proximity, the rigor of Austrian rule in monopoly of its business that successful com- afford to tax a system of communicationTnailA moat l>e permanently relaxed. The Pope petition was not dreamed of. Upon no other which brings us a great part of our prosperity, la Mid to be prafoondly alarmed and offended by routes was a water-line between our riva' when the certain tendency of such taxationtk»«ttitiide aasnmed by the French Government, •ad • cessation of diplomatic relations is hintedwill be toThe scheme now proposed would probablylong enjoyedanundisputedjtirisprndence;butpeace,or enter intoanp agree-States of the Atlantic frontier and the interior practicable. It was taken for granted, conse-itdestroy altogethertthat the of the Canal nerer hare entered into the head of a soli- supremacydepaitiue to Borne, to superintend would remain aa it then was, undisputed and tary person in the State, had not the CanalC^ojfHldwilwtion of the French army. The undisturbed. Itoiinl af tiie Tsgiertted HACAi7LAr took|iMb aft the iMh iiat. The line of the procession Since that time matters bare greatly-nip BsD* Lodge, the residence of the late his- changed. The Railroad has ererywhere come quate from any ianlt of ita own, or in^to Waatnunster Abbey, was thronged with into use. The mountain ranges that divide theAara, while tite procession itself was com-I<tfalonglineofcarriages,belongingtothe EastfromtheWestnowpresentnobarriers-f and gentry. At the Abbey, there were as- to the cheap and expeditious transit of prop,nie Ledger might have added, what is stiUand transfer. Every title to movables must more to the purpose, that these provisions of their prevention, that they hcM dnctriaeaaiidaaaawd all ue more noted repreaentatives of cur- MBt JkgBab literatore. The most notable factThisIstantamounttotheassertionthatifa mainman liying alone on an island cleared an acre sought, in 1811-12, to express their disapproval favor their snppresdon without abandoningerty, as well aa peraons. The development of the Bailway system opened a new era for theof groimd, and sowed com in it, the cropof the war with demonstrations Eng^d bytheir principles. It is not esay to see Imiw any^ma dw marked ahaence of theUrm, wito seemed thus to express their nncon-'foaiaMa aveision to their veteran assailant. The premacy of New-Tork, wUch it had been in-aMlstant pall-bearers included the Lord Chancellor,tkaSfaaker of the Honse of Commons, Lord Johk strumental in estabiiahing. It is admitted onP-**-". the Bari of Carliale, the Bishop of Ox- all hands that for the transportation of many both must be placed on equal terms. Now,similar to those whichalone on the island, if twenty other men joined contemplating. The Hartford Convention of the people of the Northern States as ene-leading Conserva-wooid not to him after he had precisely belongVirginia,greatErie Canal, and for the commercial su-reaped it;best constructed Canal3 in theovert act The members, however, as every- of body knows, saved him the trouble of>^^enue-^::a TOto. The caacas at once entered upon the dis- of New-Tork, in fact, as far as it rests her thing unheard of in (his count^, save in the'return to the bosoms of theirand possiMy be capable of no bet- Tlie unmistakable inference from all this is, upon the country, than to convince the greatanotlier more likely to concentrate a successful the water-way. The commercial supremacy upon8uiMB^|Pt'"BC^sive use of a patch of ground may bp possiblyfamilies.means of communication with the interior, nobpr defence than is found in expediency but ;thateverytime thefire-eating politicians ofof New-Jersey, being the one, which by the gen-eral voice, offered the only hope of a triumph. Itwaa understood that three leading Anti-Lecompton haps, even better geographical positions in publiclongerexists. Othergreatcities have,per-works. Now, we insist thattion expenses should only equal the cost of that he holds his life. His claim to them un- the formation of a compact or confedei:ation,in the old fasliioned way, directly out ofStates expreasly provides, to the principles on which government and treaty or confederation," and adds subsequent-unlucky experiment in taxation.Can any absurdjty be more palpable thancountry.been required to perform a duty to whichits management; but because we haresometliing t>etter. The old spinning-wheel is inadequate to the task of cloUiing our swarm- ing millions, but no man of sense proposes to attempt to keep it in use by enacting that its rival, the steam-jenny, shaU not be aUowed to turn without paying so roimdly for the privilege that, as far as cost of production is concerned,does not exist nature, neither ia there bygraphical or sectional character.it is now It is not inade- Inadequate.any common law of nations touching.its existencemust carry extracost of transportation to make the two equal, and that this weight must be a tax upon all the commerce from the West passing through our territory, to our markets, as adispatching Gen. Lincoln to Hartford, with orders to arrest the meml>ers of the Conyen-weight enoughexceading thetitled to grind or cook or eat it. that it is in movablea that"clearly ablesthatthereisThe truth is,invested therein. It Is not claimed that the Railroads are even making good cur-to the Constitu- tion, and ready to respect the rights of theontheircost. Like all other institutions or properties, they regu-rent expenses and interestindividual States;and he must be but a blun-larly pay their proportion of taxes assessed to what he rightequity." The Southern States must lay it to heart.those ol the Central averaging about $120,000Constitution.more, and wiU be content withchargeTo im- pose upon these roads additional burdens, is to say that the capital of our Rail-for the measure proposed. But these roads are beyond our reach. Neither Pennsylvania, nor Maryland, nor Canada,morebomworks are asides, win respond to any demands we maymake upon them. On the contrary, baU with the liveliest satisfaction theof the bUI referred to, as one enacted for thsir joint and several beaefitwhose publicgreatthorn in ourwas createdand ;The Speakership.Whatever opinions may have been enter-aceonnt. it must be^n her ovm account solely, or consistent with the independence end gencyadlicsion to Mr. .'^H£RMA.N as tlitir caudf-with wUch Mr. Shksman liimself dignity hasbehaved tliroughout the struggle. And themanner in which, so far as he is concerned, herecommends combination watches and other movables from being stolen. any legislature, anybut to embracecrimes and misdemeanors wiQiin the scope of the Federal prohibition. He proposes that Con-gress shaU pass a law to punish conspiracies to run off slaves, or horses, or any other property, or to carry Territorial elections, or in any way to disturb the property or the rights of the peo-datc for thebeen any question about the manliness andHpcakership,amongst the Southern States for a dissolution of the Union, or for any other purpose, he recommends a deliberate violation of the Con-'>bt forlli'fte fkllaeT and inif<^t of the prevailing wants and ideas of the age than Cana]B,fbr the generated into a factions opposition to aU organ-'%ieuloer na tiw anoject of daatls, and claimed that same reasona that are to ization whiatever, proves himself to have been constituted and so upheld to have recognized not only be expedient, but it would beto <he%ititi>allat appnaeliing diaaolotion has no steamsUps preferred absolute terrors. In tjia eooiae of Ilia diaeoarse he cited sailing Teasels. Moreover, they are now not unworthy of the prise he lias lost. Mr. thefooting, and all com- mitted to Uie care of Federal legislation. Ho would have horse-steaHng, pocket-picking, tnAright'tT''> 'unniniuiieatioaa from aiminala executed un- everywhere in use, so that New-York can no SHnnAS's reported .remaiks, addressed to the dscts of his industry—to have traced the idea have a force in readiness sufficiently^er «« jvAcial aantanea, and expressed hia oppoei-•wont»capital pnnidunent.'mOhrisiian Brotherhood, a bene-*olent oociety-artlaeiBf the members of thaProtartant Bpiaco--»««W»f«oon8 of the City, bald lU tantit anni-to maintain her commercial caucus on Saturday, were as properly up to its origin, and frankly recognized large to lodge all the delegates in the nearest posi- RepubUcanof her means of creditable to himself as they were wise in point the real source from which it aprung, would coimty jail the moment they signed any com-longer hopetion by dint of the coBununication with the interior.tiiem orby Congress w'aenBut the State wants money. the Interest of which must be paid.eon-plannedsuperiorityand or doaccordingly, we find it pact agreement We not, however, inbomdrawnoff byhopedapproachingfaatifSOMOmed. She waa freighted for ijve^^ oOersMizkato. The toll bm now proposed at tioii of a Congiessioaal dead-lock which we aerriUty^aatad the veMal, with her tor ot property, and tttQ com^^iilteal prDrision tatbeaf, flour, graK bacon andlardTt^MXedireeeyto inoiatM«iU direr-loag agodoaoonced aadisgracefulof policy.No definite action, indeed, was taken by that;pr<^)Osedbur-thesebreaking by Can we im-of South Carolina canand his Kings," logic,as South against invasion with the aid of thethey will passage expresslyMr. DoiTOLAS has not as yet presented anyfrom Representatives'a nation of robbers.Their greatness andbelegalthe floorlong—efine pro- the least anticipate the occurrence ofa mere tingency to caU for the exercise of such a lus been accnstomed to discharge this burden, generaUy understood that Mr. PxinriNaTOH creation of the law, which the law can regulate, power. It would be contrary to historical asin one State to be executed in a&otter. Such a measure would be a great step ttt^ratdsm2^ 'f!£^^J°&"^l,*-^t '•eket ship Jeh»J. bttt can do so no longer. In spite of the ef- would to-day be formally put in his place ; and aa modi^, alter or destroy at pleasure. We know wen as personal experience for the threats of ting to the Federal authority poweni and re-that we are at lastto end in action.to its an- tJMit they destroyed ereiy restige of iadi- An the great rerolutiona of the woridUntitled Documentin thetcrest in this section of the coon^, where ail the Democrats, scarcely ezceptii^ (be offiee-htdders, are Dongas men. I thhik of manythem have been a little diaappafaited by the ex- teat of the eoBcesaidas w4Ue& 1i« srsias dis- posed to make to the demanda of fhe rttnitats of the South on the snbject of Slaveij. irhOsthey are disposed tbexease them aapaikayato his aonritiatjnn atnecessary ffharlftttm.they cannot conceal the (het that Oej will—but are as to Mr. SoDOLAS tacated Mr. Fnsanna with they entirely agreedWe would advise both of them to his inabmty to understand bow he should bare cattle and furniture by precisely the same ten- look out for somie l>etter soil tlian this for the acted in this matter from purely patriotle no- ure. Your interest in them was created by the cultivation- of their theories. Mr. O'Conoe tives. I think Mr. Douglas himself is lespoBsi- law—enacted by the society in which you Ure. wants a little Roman Empire, for the benefit of ble for a good deal of the difficulty in fiie case. If he had had no other object in Tiew than to prevent repetitions of Johx Baowa's inraaiaa, and to reassure the South as to the loyal^ af tfae^North, and its hostiUty to all attempts npoa the domestic institutions of the BaatiuBmsea of troubles. It is impossible, of course, disposepabBshedTinis, has beenread irifli la-has to be eaUed alwaysinto existence by legis- lation that it ia not a relation into wUch men fitn naturaUy and in the freethe same category.slaves," we say, "in a state <rf nature,— telligent for the benefit of the indolent andplaceallpropertyinownnot in force, your right to possess foils to the the strong ;groimd."" Andyou," Uiey reply," ita power. hold yourquestioned,mass of the Southern people that the Republi- can Party, as a body, favors or toleratesare based in this Mr. ly, in order to allsocietyBlack's sophistries can be accoimted for by hisnotoriously some-prevent misunderstanding about the matter, that " no State shaU, without theconsent of or ofworse thanare the assertions " that propertyin movables States, to agreeing into confederacies of a geo-transporta- the producer holds them by just the same title tion for the discussion of their grievances andattemptsness, though his manner of asserting it does.When society grows up about him, his neigh-'bors enter into a league, not to give him amaybe, toprexenttheirdoing bythelaw, and tlie onlywhichwlilch hare badinits ownlimitsagainst li^itl ofpersonThe exclusive right of theendsandsocietyfell topieceseach State has expressly agreed not to leave the Union by a compact in concert with others. She may possibly have theMr. and a of his slave, O'CoNOB, great partfor him to do so. So do we. Asas the convention confined itself to talk, it tion. The only business a Roman pursued would, no doubt, be inexpedient to meddle with was the busineas of plunder. All the labor of it ; but we think, in case any such body is the empire was done by slaves, the unfortunate assembled, and appears likely to arrange victims of conquest in war. For an empire so plans which may result in overt acts, it wouldnot in the hoU, i>ut in the'tqi-"mischievdqs combinations injurious tohave an origin in some law." the organic law have not l>een allowed to re- adyocated opinions wliich tended diieetiy toa dead letter. The States such armed attempta, and that they oaald not'. New-Englandman can justly claim credit for patriotic mo- or if it would be his while the CaroUnas and Mississippi are now tives in thus representing the large m^oritywas called for theof mies to the Union, and as the advocates and forminghim and established a smaU community, bewould instantly lose all claim to it whatever. a confederation to resist the further prosecu- promoters of alave insurrections in the Sooth.that " He who seeks must do equity""dering patriot who supposes that the sta-bility of the Union, or the welfare of tiie cotm- try, can be promoted by fastening upon any great portion of its people the of trea-son to its fimdamental law.The whole tenor of thelas shows that hisBut to render their claimof Mr. Doug- object was much mtwe toWise andone which can receive a much pertinacity just at present, as the rightthe common moment's sanction under such a system ofschool assert with soonemay agreeingof an individual to the his duty, to do as Madison did, and pro-cies put upon the samehave been suicidaldid nothing of the kind. The civilians d anyexpress purposewhoever heforce of arms. It is a weU-known legal maximpreparationsto have othersThey seek nothingbe that inadoptingto abideConstitution, which we have quoted above,beea com-theyeaanetdo,ofaim was the promotion of peace and the re-to excite insurrection or interfere with Slavery in the Southern Stat^ Theworkonly through partisan plansseeks itsand vic-aU conspiracies to perpetrate other crimes, punishedaaybutfrom one who hadplaining that his own motives had t>een oaiair- iy impeached.speech" P'^ tiilLJL ill''" lawiin'T-ra dollar a ton on the throngh It is wen known, that if a Philadel- phia 'shipper, or merchant, can nnder-bid tlie New-Toriteronly/ourcentaaton,eitherintheBepresentatives.Mr. O'Cono.r aad CommnBlim.Ooremment, not in order to establish liberty,as we understand it, bnt because they believehailed as aastic acclamations ol the Nationalv-^KTan8 0rMUr>-T» i>«i.u*a waa doe; riviUs both to oar Bail-French waumkh ina aerar fgreat danger as when Lo«n ZT{. waaM«M«d«n*i, ftrTwaRTDMuas. Aagsition in the honorable body of the National Bed Bepablicans desire the control of the in 80CtM»«^(Ma<y «r Mr«,«ai« »- MN,im«nn«CT,iconsUtutional King by dn flathoit- (liatiiliilj{niaclpallywbera it ocenrred. The entire amount of property destroyed U esthnated at $175,000.In the Common Pleas, before Judge DiLT, the hearing was commenced on Saturday upon theOxoKoi,made the Comptroller to vacate byIn the efforts made lately by Attorney-Gene-ral Blacx and other Pro-Slavery zealots toahow that slaveholders are- entitled to carry teaches that property is the creation of themotion latelycertain judgments against the City. The judg- ment rendered in favor of WiLLIAH JoTOI wasin manner it thinks fit Loitis Blaito Oeaator Donclas aad aaVav-TMsTmas. first Uken up. Affidavits were read, and argu- ment beard, but no decision made. The otherany Talcii WlaUi Neatiality I«w.judgments will be taken up in their order. Cotton was In more demand at uniformus one doUar a ton, many very important articles of commerce, we bad better shut at than toDararo, Ian. Tharsday,to amounttowe allow him to underbidslaves with them into the Tenitoriea, upon the same footing as any other property, their modelaw, and Blasqui goes a step farther, and teaches that it is theft. Both of them are perfectly satisfied that theEditsrial OetrtapoBaaiie*.:ercry cent of tax, or premiambecause they found that the said candidatehad been unexpectedly elected, must hare sat-isfied all waa in order to rationalmenthatdisorganizationcivUlans about property,tlie South, is seen in fim^t byrival cities and worksroada and Canals. Soppoae the additional tollfieight.ofprice the article or in the cost rates of trans-portation, lie already receives the business. IfforThe imposition of a tax npon our railways, over and shore the cost of transportation, isandrapidly declining into downright decompo- and German Communism Socialism. The and theofcreature of local law has them into a plunged», im. synopsU of Senator DotJOLAS' apeeoh,pacifyremember that Banker BOl wasFrench meajwlioprofeasedtobetefilaaiieeta«fKingthe GoTemment has a right to treat property Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 