 VOL. IX—NO. 2627. FROM WASHmOTON.Ifetn^l^fkr. QmA, 9t Him-Eampmn, m slaves on Buukf r Hill.Mr. Toombs, FNcnl Arek. his autborlty.M cLxsniK, or on the amendment of Mr. Baoou, andmuchamidst excitement, the meeting then aiiioarBediBctoB—OorreapoadoBce, Generml Orders,Whlto streets, at 9 A. M. yesterday, for the purpose of deciding whether or not to accept the tovltatlonlikgiiiM 1901 1 Tirgiait BcpnuntatiTc.and New-Yorkbut that seems to be the of policythea violence proportionate to the previotis rush in thegraphic dispatoh and letter from Hon. Johb Coobbaiis,rive to this last Cityew-York, waoldar- eventog, for tbe PUrpOM ofM«B. B» eT A, yCommitteeceremonies of the inauguration of Mills' stataeto-night^^ ^Unlo'n Cln?^PryorVatioa tM Tirgtnia. mark.opposite cirection.the Committee from further consideratioa of theial>- ject, and carried his point In a speech of remark-Iknown brig went ashore last night on Musoat rocksthe office of of the thc^cretaryTerritory,which shows proper place but ;ill free, shall form onemightyMARK ISON. comes from, and to toe occasion of which it will be a household gods. )tamedMesaysthattheofficialreturnsforreceived, will show that Kansas has over 10O,0CO in- habitants.,you repre- Your obedient servant, JOHN McQUEEN."A. Win for thehis years of public life without taint orand like the true Christian went peacefully to rest.:capiteito prepare for the worstd-JtyPresidency,to this effect was pendl^ when the Convention ad-jeoraed.;axingopenings in the doors. TheyMr. BaowB'apassageofwas eminently conducivewliich all who loved the Union desired to see every-A was at once In- toorough search"' dould speak on thesufficient money to Dickibsos to enable him towhere established. Hieremarks elicited considera-J'^'.A^''"'^''""'Hampshire, (Rep.,) said hefourth resolution. He caUe* Mr. HocBTOK, of .\labama, (Dem.,) moved for a caJ! citement. They were finally tabled, 26 to 15.Mr. McLeithas then offered a resolution. Indorsing the Cincinnati platform as the sheet anchor of the Demorrauc faith, ana hoping for Its reaffirmation by the Charleston Convention.ture his rather uacertaln of piece•^^•^?..be deducted from thehave been the arrangement, and we tliink the proba- abilities are that the story is not exaggerated. Mr. Haws expressed ills deUght to a brief and foreible and yesterday he confessedalarming.$200, from the the Road, as aThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069nstnictions to cases be toconvenient to recur to Buffalo.-Mr. Ci-sT expressed entire concurrence la the elo-gathering"shackles imposed onusMoB from the Committee ontlie bbidlng of the Senate documents from thewith whom the contract was made, until the Com- mittee conld examia* whe ther the contractlaw. Theleaolotionlies over.Mr. Bun, of Minnesota, (Dem.,) introduced a reso-latloB that the Cemmlttae on Postroffices and Post-fore, that he should havethlrty minutes to leave town, and he at once hastened to where he had a horse sad-Yours trtiiy, J. RANORDE.—knots, body belt, percussion tope, and material for cleaning equipments.with the Bceretaiy of the Senate was made in pursuance ofrightstion of a Soutoem Cenfederacy,erect toe strongest GovernmentWe must first have commercialand it will toen be an easy matter to secure politleal todeipendence. That toe Charleston Chamber ofCommerce may fake the initiatire that wLl lead tetoese desirable results is most earnest wish. Ia /roada iaqoin into the tt* postal lawa. Paand.of a revision ofThe men wiU toemseires wito rations for charge. By toe passage to Washington.resolutions were taken up.eroiuent. to establish, legulate or in their limite.prohibitSlaverywith-positively that Cahtos was living here, he advancedbly disappeared.stituted, and on Sunday last alwut two bushels of let- ters were found to the vault of a privy near the depot.>sword, sash and epanlettos, worto $150. road, a lad 15 years of age. named Hissr Kcims, splendid to having earned on aas theresolutionDelegjate,when Claims,inordertobeprinted.A message was received <rom the Ho;j«e announc-resolution is to and I have fortifiedeach of toem tbe menIt was found that a great many who to toe morntog had declared toat toey could not possibly go to Wash- ington, had managed their affairs so tost toey weresent, my gratefiil consideration.theofGeorgia, (Dem.,)wanted to know! Monday, Feb. 20. falsehood.WaiBnoTOif, Mr. CLua was very glad to hear a contradictionthe tell of oblivion. But the effect of that interestingepisode in the history of Virginia, was not so evan-escent and Iccorisequential. For tbe first time citizens clinging to tbe masts. No assistance conld be ren-which were received with great applauseto yourselves and yoor country. Dont fail to come. ertogtafrontof toe St Nicholas, andVothiog of intareat occarred in either brasch from the Seaator. When tbe Constitution waeformertml Ctagreas, to-day, beyoad tlM uutooncemeat of Virginia did not the doctrine that recognize Slaveryfte 4eatli of Mr. Goosi, of Tirglaia. The Special eimobled both races. She did npt recounize the doc- CemBiittee of the Honse, ob Prlntiiic, holds iti first trine of Squatter Sovereignty. Congress repeateJ IhoTo Col. LimaTeInauguration of tbe WasliingKm Statoe, on toe 22d inst., are urgent for the attendance of your regiment.Bteetliigto-morrow,andallsonrcMofprlntliigpltm-imwillbenarrowlylerutlDised. Messrs.Hoass,ofKew-Tofk, aadW.tuoii, of Tennont. members of thisCsBmlttae, declare their iixed porpoae to cut sp cor-raptlon by the root, regardless of where the blow may position that the Constitution would exclude It. fall, or who may be hurt. The election ot Printer Otherwise, except in a few cases, there was no pro-Gov. Basis baa ordered a saiuto of 128 guns to beYonwillhavefreequartershere. Iwillwriteyonviso, but nobody claimed that Constitution pro- mar be postponed until this Committee reports. tl\e;from that day his con-Dispatches &om Minister Wun, reoelTCd at the make the doctrines of of an Issue. protecilou Slaverycommercial I can accoaut emporium.Mate to-day, DepartmenttloD, BLd planted himself on theof reason and right. Wnen we contemplate the in- evltible Hluri.ative of this result, and consider the cuiisi quel cps of the abolition offor thiT cordial greeting upon no other ground Oma. New- i'orkers urgent that you should be toe chief as a testimonial to my ofSclai course dartacathe worldag of the Chinese treaty. He states that and end of Ibe party «%ouId be af; short and rapid asbasisgivenatteringaccotint ofor put It in their platform. If they slould, the historyimpregnableThe Case of Uttle EHa Bama. Pbilasxlpbia, Monday, Feb. 20.the Emperor of China was anjUons tokitarriew withoat other ceremony than Is ob-arred in approaching the President of the UnitedMates, bat the matter being snbmitted to the Chi- When the Constitution was formed, the f.-amers of it >eae Cabinet, the was Toted down two made no proytsion (or the of tohim aneted to leare at the time appointed.nightSupremeCourthas any partof the Ellaand City. If toe appropriation had been sufficient, toe Oimjnittee would have defrayed your traveltogBajority.In thecrisisofbattle,butrarelyindeedhasasutes- man the felicity ol Cetermtntng the Issue of thoseclr- ic struggles, on which is suspended the tiistnry of Gov- ernments and nailons. In 1833, Mr. Goodx Being warmlyymadeforMy opinion Is, that you ationld not snffer this occa- so."] The struggle has termtoa'^d to a man-sion to pass unimproved, nor any other that identifies ner which - 1 feel will rerolt in quletlifL tne your narivaled regiment with the nation and Its agitatibn which has pervaded tlie country. It has pride, and gives you the chief place among the vol- already been felt in the revival of bnsiness. and weEmperor by The Japanese Commissioners were ei-carrying Slaveryother States. Since this Sps.%lon commenced, theseballs have with disunion. Senators were runggrantInSlavery Virginiadisposedstruggle consequent upon toe effoit tothe Ilouse of Representatives. I regard tots deooa-Mr. President, if this be so, we are committing a great mistake. There now stands in the oM Hall of Reptescntativcs a female figure of white marble. Her eye is elevated, and her at'Uude uaconslrained andIa oneas deddedly favorable to that gentleman. Q. other a sword. Upon the pedestal Is lns<-rihedThe Fire at Brantford, C. W. Bkaictpoxd, C. W., Monday, Feb. 20.It out 6n inauguration, theyttiis occasion to be {M-esent at toeAdrocate.The frieiids of Senator Douqlabsmgitogis toe expense of going and returning must be borne by toey?"] Mr. Hcxpbbit Maxsbhll is one—a aea-the action •f the ^rginia Convention, in refusing to express a preierence and declaiing for the Charleston nominee,mustexpenses to Wastitogton would beFrom the Associated Press, WAsanioToH, Monday, Feb. 20.the irrepressible conflict word " Freedom," and Mr. i*BYp& then spoke of tbe fatal malady under it is (ieslgned for the top of the dome of the wbch the deceased labored, and the intrepidity withtoough tills might be toe case, toey must preceed me to get torough my speech. [Voices, ' Music,"now upon toe hypotoesis toat they themselves were "Go on," "Blow on toe American Union." G.'eatregardHlttae met to-night, and organized by electing Sena- image should be made of black mar'ole, or ebony.tioits of respect for his memory. Messrs. MiLrs and Vallasdiobamon It would toen be Wednesday morning.for toem to decide when they would retorn.BI8 will be here to toe mortdng.A Votes—Where is Wiktxb Davis?tar Kaa Chairman, Representative Covoox Treas- Upon its banc's should be manaclesnight,up.jn iti* and it should be elevated The Democratic National Executive Committee upon the highest point of the nation's Le^sla- are sending out a large number of political doca- live Halls; yea, over the vjry sittings %f the Supreme Court, as an index to all who behold, that the "cap-stone," the "crowning glory" ofthemiithly labric of human rights and self government, Is thUiurer, aad Gioaas HtasTsoToa Secretary. front, the brand of a slaveeulogizedthe de-Bbioos—WniTBa Washtogton tlH Thursday night, arriving to New- wiil be wito you in spiritmenta, while the Central Executive Committee of the Coastitntional Union Party have commenced the Presidential canvass by an extensive distribution ofYork early Friday morning.They woald proceedA Voicx—I nomtoate Gxoaei— Bbisos, for President,of an address to the of the United States. peoplepoor, miserable liclim of wrong, cruelty :tndwent to uphold toe dignity of toe regiment [Loud Here the music struck up " The Star Spangled applause.] Tbe commandants of the several com- Banner," and Mr. Bbiogs retired, bidding toe crowd panies were now directed t» take a vote on toe mo good night Calls were mide for Judge Jbbkiss, of mentous question. The result was an-oapiesThe bill reported from the Committee onoppres- sion, the African slave. Has it come to th's. then, that:andMesas, to-day, for the construction, preservation and our fathers counseled, and toiltj, and fought for therepair of fortifications and other works of defence, appropriates fortlie fort at Hog Island, Maine, tl5,Inestimuble, inalienable rights of man, and that thetoe regiment were present. Of these 385 were to favor of going, 93 were opposed to it, and 17 were doubtfuL The Engineer CorpsHO, and for Fort Knox, in the same State, $20,000Fart Richmond, Staten Island, $ia,0O0 Fort ;ent it isin so bad a state It is not safe to go abroad or stop in tbe house. Durango has been for a month with the stieets barricaded, and the doors of the stores blindedTomp- Ubs, $SO,000: Fort Mootgomery, at the outlet ofslavery?Company,62 answeredaye ;"I>aka Champlain, (20,000Fort Carroll,FcrtMonroe, $11,S00; Fort Calhoun, $75,000 ervatioB of the site of Fort Macon, N. C, $10,000FortBaltimore, $40,000; improvementsof the Cliarles-;repair of Fort Moultri, $8,500;;at It would not fall If it were removed. Itcheers. Themendeclaredthatitwassafeto dicttoatif toe regiment went, between 5()0 aad 600 men would be In the ranks. The officers retired,Thirty-seventh Anniversary ton Chamber of Commerce, under Its000Fwt McKee, 10,000Alcatria, California, $25,000fortifications, preservation of sites and repairs, etc., $30,000—total, $505,000.cured In its place, the whole may staniregiment, officers had deemed it expedient to toe invita-;FortTaylor,$70,000 ;;Fort $75,000. Jefferson,securely.Lt-;;Delaware,up Ladrons, Pt*-icnted, and most of tbe prayers have been or wii the 11th and 12th of September they entered and pil-Congress. Mr. McQczzs wrote as follows"1 see toat commen-ial men In toe South are encea-Waysnounced by CoL LzprxsTS. Aboustpeedoinley-half ltloietoois, and ottooers,tobkuet beyond as aononncemeat of.Fort Clinch, $30,"all works, mines, Ac, are stopped, and our persons are never safe,—we may, anv day orai contingent expenses ofiia^uialized citizen of the United States, that the Congressional Committee, and had di-to effect their of the Norto mdependence by;pres- ;granted.;mains with the Governor. WeBut, Mr. Piesidopt, this is no! so. Tne Senator is not vttu it, and thereby avoid decapitation. Divorce billsof in theThe North and Sonth.ing the death of WitUAu O. Gocde, of Virginia.Mr. HcxTEB.of Virgli]i»,;Uem.,)ofl'ered toeu.^ ialrc- the conclusion of the proceedings of the recent Demo- solHtionsofre?;pect,knd moved that theSenate adjourn.Mr. Ashhobx wrote:Thepublishedreports in the Richmond Press ofdefend them like men.it was about lOH o'clock in the evening, when the Please tell me if you have some hollow cast-iron enabled to announce that, after all, toey would ac- to toe popular branch of Congre.-'S, and are growingthere, sayfaatcd, and the papers of that City construe this as aqalralent to a declaration In favor of Hon. Hzitbtades, which 1 may fill with powder, and blow up in than (iOO men will go. The folio wibg General Order Bve policy towards toe Souto and her insdtuaons isoriginalparade of this regiment on Wednesday, 22d tostant, Is hereby countermanded.The regiment having accepted toe tovltetlon of tkeof tostitotions to where we have one at the man, who held to the right. Mr. Goods aspired to no- have no chance for tils life, and the majority object- to cope with. pants and cross belts, fatigue cap suspended from toe QurSENATE.WAsamoTos, Monday, Feb. 20.had sought the acquaintance of tliehe came from the district where his (CLiT'e) motherThe little arm^ of/reedom suddenly repaired thither,.Diiatsiii,ef wastaken andCalifornia, up ipaseed. Mr. PoeH, of OUo, (Dem.,) made several adversepres- ent moment If tills should not occur, toe doty of the South is a plato one, and even toe most tome and extra pair boots, stockings, fatigue jacket, ahooider submissive spirit to all our section can no longer hesi- tote as to its adoption. Such a course of actioa on toe part of our commercial communities would friends of the North and of toe Nortowest, and enable us to shape tlho Drum-Major Gbahah, wito Band-Master OsAmLLA, policy of toe country, or, failing to do tills, aecare and matotato our and institutions the forma-leports apon application forMr. FiTCB, of ladiana, (Dem.,) reported a resolu-bis and life,promisednever to be seen InLawrenceopportunitybountyland.Printing for withholding personOfficers wtigue capstrengthen tbe bands of our treeexpediencyIntroduce a preamble and resolutionthe rights and privileges of the citizens ofand1 bid GodWith mv reiterated tlisuka, gentlemen, for your po- lite Invitation, I am, ver)- respectfully, your obedientA jdat laaolntloB was received from the House ap-fsaprlatlBg ten thonsaad dollars for the inauguration the several States imdsr the Constitatlon;RANOOLl'H.BLSCK SCSTAISID.servant,J- D. ASHMORE."'•f the sUtae ef Washlngtoa.Ob motion of Mr. HuufOBn, of South Carolina,whereas, as It is alleged by responsible parties that citizens of some of the States going into another State on business, such as the collection of debts,— OCT.he made annamed Ecklik, a resiuent of tliis city, who helped to(Dem.,) it was taken up.Mr. PcoB moved to strike out ten and insert two.The Press, ol Nebraska City, PeopU'treports;but he only succeeded inJ. H.ObjectiooB were made. ''^r'' BSBCSLXBIDGS, who of the House,cap- un-property—tliebill of sale. Such is said to Lieut. GisBui T. Haws^, (formerly Orderly Sergeant) point, Sandusky. D."' "'•on the MansOeld and NewarK RaU-Sf)^iaime NEW-YORK,TUESDAY,FEBRUARY21, 1860,protection in tbe old States under the ConstituUon, and the time may come when the Senator from Georgia may, in his own words, call tlie roll of hisGoona, on the contrary, was not at all affectedConstitationa] right as qnalifled and conditioned bymXITAHT.TheMr. CuiK could not tell where he bad seen It.Mr. ToouBB said be might have seen it contra- dicted. It hsd been contradicted ia New-Enslandhimself to tbe current ofThere was a pause In the swell of Aati momentaryKentucky, Hon. Tboka. a. R.;Slavery agitation, and, then,reaction set ia with-Airaira tn HaasBchaaetta. 8H1PWB1CKAMDPaoBABLBLOBSOFLIFl WAaH- ofthebis party.on Emanci- Mr. Clabx denied that he hid ever seen the con-—ISGTOIt'g BISTBOAT THS 8TBIKJ OT TH« theat toe UnionHe could not tall where he saw the re- Mr. TooKBS—You might have seen It in the New-tradiction.York Tribune, which is the generalSlapatoh to ih* Wcw-Tork TinM. receptacleof allthem, ezoe|iaBc Mr Bkioob, had been Setainsd to PhIIadelpU^aa<.Mdoctrine of Free for it is Territory sixty years, yetafterthelist piece ,had been played, Caaaraa Daioos, Bsq., ad-now claimed that the Constitution carries SlaveryIt was dif covered and demonstrated, that negro Slav-ery, Instead of being an accidental evil which was tol-erated merely for want of a practicable remedy, is anlastitution which exists In virtue of tbe most essentialhuman interests, and the highest enactious of themoral law. From that day tbe slaveholder stood on A general strike of operatives in several of the with arranging the inaugnratlon of the Statoe of him, saidinto the Temtorics and prote:!ts it.acquisition of Southern Territories, Slavery was admitted by special proviso, on the sup-CSLULAK'S EcTAW HoOSS,Hob. Gbob^ three cheers had been given fwGxarLSHnf srs FzLLow-eiruzislost to know what all tills demonstration means. Itected It He warned the Northern Democracy not toarrangedturers previously agree to the new scale of prices.your Regiment. It is Deediess to say that not only are the coteries of Washington aad the members of the two Houses solicitous, but the President and his Cabinet; and, not least, are ailInto the Slaves were held Slave law. Territory. bywetTmate ol )1 r. GooDx's exertions In tne great debate ofwhile Infrom you at yotir earliest convenienceBully ior Let me hear you."] In toat struggle I cast my vote for Gov. Ftt-tribute to the support of each other, constituting, if J may use the simi'e, a mighty arch, which, hv thein piivate lUe uuiil 1838, when he was again retamedrulinglAallroad Detantlon.Washington,Willard'BHotel. 1am,trolyyours, ofsusiaintogtoeRepublican JOHN COCHRANE. Party,1 assure ha yooIconcentrated and y the mutual ofprobablythan $8, and certainly not more than $10, apiece forsirenglh support its parts, Is siile to sustain such a social superstnic- ture as, perhaps, is unparalleled in tlie of mui.BosTOif, Monday, Feb. 20.The Sunday night train for New-York was de- each man to to and ratnm. This for BiLpxi.] Gentlemen, I bear some UaeahistoryAnd is it not obv'o'is. too, that the very keystone of this arch cnr:sists in the black rnarb'e can of .\f'-lcinadvocacy of the Independent Treasury system. In 1841 be wasgo Washingtoneasy.hand ibe holds a shield, and in thelt;^9.and it had beensuggestedthatCapitol. But if the Senator is right, it shouldwhich he confrunteu death paid a tribute to the ,to sustato the entireof conlusion and cries of "Order."] Judge Nusoa, ofhighest, most valuable oi them ailwhich the others would not be worth preserving,flour-mill, for which I am much obligedto do;but at pres-must perish— is the right to hold a ncgre inall expect he will";equal and exact justire to all men."will vote to extend our boundary, either to the mou.iia'ns on the West, or the Platte on the North, even If It is mac'e the uUiraatum of our aumlssion.toe regimentsby toOn the—that without. IJ,,*vt ..'^-^^^J'/JS .^•r!h.''5 *r.-i''1Vbythefrenzyofthemoment. Thenhedisplayedthetbe SaprcmeOoorcof the United States, luder and virtue o) the Constitatlon Itself.^Yonng Men's Hatioaal Vmiam €''»^^ 8IEEKADE T^O inn . .highest and the rarest quality of the statesman. Inrising above the stormy atmosphere of popular clamorInto the serene regions of unlmpassloned reflection.Without coming to a vote on the resolution of Mr. Tke NatfoBBl Gvard Seaalres to go (• Waak.*^^ ^ n-XIOH FBOM BOX. MMW BBJOOfl.It was expectedtomeetatthesameplaceonFriday.Tbe enterprise "was hazardous ; the victory complete. NEWS BY TELEGRAPE assembled at the Lower Arsenal, comer of Elm and Tennessee, Hon. J. Moaa..„. Hab^ o^ 2^^If not alone, certainly with Ineomporable spirit, beimAU, ofand Hon. Gsoaes Bbigos ofKaV Nna^rfopposedpublic opinion.ofa were Flaveholding communitya member of theVirginia Legislature. Uuiiug the ses-The Colonel said It would costrepudiated every incendiary sentiment expressed tosion be dlstlnguishtd himseif a zealous byThree cheers for PznsrasToir and three cbeers toere. Rome was once saved by tke ot aleaves more than 100 towns unretumed and 15 countiesnot rettUBed. Mr. RoBi^Bon thinks that there are now110,000 inhabitants in Kansas. Riley isune County ofwhich,not a word Is said. Atchison County is not re- citizens of Nebraska ai.d the Westerly Slope of the An attempt was made here last week to kidnap a nonh of the town, they most likely will not spare the patriotisro if they do so.commercial regulations, yet 1 bid GodA message w:is received from the Preslilcnt of the United Stales, traDsinitling a memorial from theMy dzab Isos;speaesd wellevery our ownand AtclilEon City alone has 5,000 inhabitants. Rocky Mountains. Referred to the Committee onFeneria, Ayala, Tunal and Tapias, so that we either have to run away or defend ourselves.youportLast eventog there was great excitement at toe armories of toe several compaides of toe Guard. Incom- mercially and politically, to live independently of ourenemies and the world.Please accept for yourselves and toosehis sense of duty, bis public and private careerwere such as any one might envy. He walkedbors. There were men in the house who immediately raised tbe alarm. The thieves had a covered carriagestanding a; the door that was hired from one of our livery stables for three days. VViiile the crowd werebleendsandscornedallbasemeans. Hewasalways watchful at his post and faithful to his constituents, even at the hazard of his life. Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WiSHiKOTOtr, Monday, Feb. 20.The Speaker announced the following SelectCommitiee on the Senate's bill to ingprivilige .Messrs.Vallandigham,linois, Burncll, Adams of Kentucky, and Stokes.ed to such cold treatmeni. He begged earnestly forThe Couserradores, I hear, are In, but I tiave had button of toe overcoatKelioggMr. LovEJOY, of iUujois, (Kep.,> asked leave topieseDi indications there will be aencourage it. The (acts do net warrant the wild excitementon the subject.Nebraska Politics.city for St. Irouls on Monday morning, accompanied by Deputy United States Marshal CsArreB, and three or four men who were deeply interested in his safedeceased,becausethrough suspicion.My Dsak SibSo much of General Order No.andand every association of men tbrcughout the South,Mr. Goods moved todiscliarge—Coagresslonaiwtiich lias CAarge oftheSBOKXAKXSS,extravagances of a popular panic were covered with A dispatch from Hyannis reports that an un- from an elevated platform, read the following tole- ceived, stattag toat all ofable power. Afterwaids, by coamion consent, iJieBosTos, Moaday, Feb. 20.driven, bywere prepared. In cuntraventioD of traditional Ideas aay to render aid, but has not yet returned.oleading sboe-mannfacturing towns of the Stato is alsoantU 11 o'elsi*Furer and more solid groundscience beirg clear aitd his judgment convinced, he renouiiced the expedients of apology and esteaua-1^32, whether as they affect the peculiar interests ofand if you imtoMit, of New-Jersey, for Speaker.South, or tbeRepublic, Judge Rkad was tbe only one willing to hear the case, determine to let me know the come,trust toat vote meeu your ItheSoldiers have been Immortalized by a decisive charge.largerdestinies of theap-and he denoimced the system of binding a cliild of tender years, without proviso In reference to any artor occupatioiuForgery and Dlroree.candidate lor Congress, as the champion of State tion by wliich he obtained a divorce from his wife. that toe Seventh Regiment alone can quell It [ap- Speaker is a sound National, conservative, Uataa- bflaad taking the Island and yielding some other " If I am right, Mr. President, we see here a miss Rights. But be went down before the irresistible A mbtioB in arrest of judgment and a bill of excep- plause and laughter] should it arise and toeir assist- iovtog man, [cheers,] and that, altoough his aetWBtrying to excel each other. The South is said The ewrespondence with the English GoTemment, 10 be for Slavery and disunion, and to threaten se-_taoehing the Northwestern boandary line, has been cession ifreansMd, each party claiming a clear title to the Is- Mr. Ci^iix concluded as follows: The Senator from interested In the contioversy between the Federallaai of San Juan. It will probably be settled by Virginia (Mr. Huktxb) said In his speech a few days Government and South Carolina, declared himself a scot Bar, was to-day convicted af forging a deposi- need entertato no fears about servile insurrection— can assure you toat toe man who has beeneleeladfatat as a satisfactory eqairalent.A general Conrt-martial is ordered to convene atCaiUile barracks on the 25th inst, for the trial ofLlenL Isuab N. Mooes, of the 1st Dragoons, and•(hers. TheConrtwillbecomposedofCol.Cband-lar, M^. Brooks, Capts. Jodd, Whitall, Palmer,Joaas, Oftaon, ClUz, and Lieuts. HastsaS; ChambUss, slavery? KfOi'k 'hat out, and the mighty I'aDilc,with all that it nphclds, topples and lumoles to its aad TUleplgse. Lient. Qumodwill act as Jadge fdll."of the Court arepending.ance be required. Please dfrect to me In full at torough that protracted struggle ban toe appeaiaacaSlavery is not protected.Bssoea, Monday, Feb. 20.BEKJAMni Kimball, a member of the Penob- unteers of the country. I tell toem bere that toey are benefited to toe improved condition of toiaea. Isinceof vast and associated which run- might of AsDEtw jACKSOR'b popularity. He remained tions to the interests, mutually:and if we but tear off tbe by our commercial relations came under the pretence of looking for arms, but Congressional Committee, to be present at the mau- wito Northern pons, 1 hazard nothmg In prediciinr took tbe opportunity of robbing us in different ar- guration of toe Statue of Wa£hijigton, on toe 22d In- toat pablic sentiment tluoughout the entire Norto wlQ caught RoBZiiTS, ahd took him to the nver, intending ticles to an amount greater than $100 worth. They stant, at the City of Washington, will assemble at toeir be so revolutionized to one year's time as to drive to give blm a bath, with orders to swim for his life. came very near shooting Mrs. R. and myself, be- respective armories, ready for marching orders, at 3 from the councils of toe coantry toe miserable, hypo- Ihe bill for the relief of the widow of Capt. was bom and her kindred lived, and be respected But when they arrived at the river bank the ice was cause I would not give them arms. Mrs. R. would o'clock, P. M., on Tuesday, 21st instant, equipped as critical, dishonest and unscrupulous demagogues himfromtheirfirstInterview. Hewasatruegentle- runningsothickandstrongthattheysawhecould notallowmetofireintothem,therebeingtoomany follows: uniformcoatandcap,witoovercoat,grey andwould-bephilantoroplsts,andmaketenfriendsslipped away. quent statements of the Senator from Virginia. He wbere he had previously been t>oarding.abolish the frank-;:ofIl-The necessary baggage of Officers, with toat of toe Troop and Band, will be sent to Lafayette HalL by 12 o'clock, M., on Tuesday.No other baggage will be allowed.(Quarter-Master Winchbbtk» will make toe arrange- ments for transportation.Sergeants Wszd and Cx-SABKArr will report to toe Quarter-Master for orders.By order ofCol. MARSHALL LBFFERTS.seen.mdependeoee,recitirjgpartySO""* '='"^«'> toT^ ^, ?'r^"' keepBUT«IT«nestIonoutofCong,f,., where it harm. No Southern Senat,., ortempted to legislate upon it. He re»d theto blame the Senator introducing the reeoiuUon 'butto call attention to the modern history of Slaveryagi! ervation and ol certain fortifications. Referred mocracy of Otoe Cotmty were opposed to ills views. the steamer Mount I'emon, which sailed fromanu tne la the Kansas bill the doctrine was advocated ^r.',r„,*His mother Is aly.tktf the qoestion^r C?oIns«thlt«uLtl„ODfO^f?-"""""'"='''o"""dfy"-e Stat.Gov. BlackBaex Administration.on this subject was closed by a ratification venUoD, wito trifltog modifications.last night, en toe 6 o'clockSlaveryis deaiad ttat Congress has the power, and it also isAepat^tokSTe elalmad'ltetlkswas Uansmariae organizing with » Tie«. toploy tile S. M. 4 N. R. R. Co.,' and liked."be left to theKt.-fSBY replied noand if that objection wasproclamation of the Captain-General havingin-trato, of nearlyofthe power, where do they get It? Itof toe Con-Constitution has power toJf thU he true, where do the people get the to the GeneralstaoySlavery. Upon that question *t koj prcpo/td (• meet tol alone to relieve the home treasury.and on tbe 18th ulL all toe articles of toe schedule down to letter V.Stxi Slarely will claim protection In thepation were proposed to theschemes of emanci- LeglsUtore, and wereroadfrom AvononlydidThe Alexandria of tiie malls ior a period of nearly a Gazette, of the 18th instant, says speech. system robbingextract notCommittee's resolution on the table, had indorsedcity, secreted himself, without the knowl-From San DaalBsa. M. * N. R. R C. & T. road to the S.people.;the subject miebt be fully discussed.poweramlnatioD. He had lieen two vears In the em-protect17,.,. l,U83-.,he was Assembly. i,„,i„ ^^^,1been l>efore toe Senate for revision,the Mr.Cammit'.ee on Ways and Means, reported bills for the support of RepresentaUve at tbe Indian Department, for fulfilling treaty stipula-IfofSHZBHA5, Ohio, (Rep.,) from thetions with certain Indians in Oregon and WashingtonBoi,edge of any of the officers of the vessel, on board ofand viceversa,Territories and others, and for the construction, pres-Gov. Black's while niaetenths of the De- position,RATIFICATION OF IHI FAFXR MORIT COjrVKSTION the mailfrcquenUy customary.in toe telegraaktatlOB. Since 1850 wliat has been done V In repair Mr. NccxoLLS called him to order.i>^; the to the Committee of the Whole on the Stato of the Gov. Rlace—Let him on make It asThe negro availed himself of the darkness and latewasspace of 24 hours, and sometimes longer. He said h*I>«mociata resolved It should be kept out of Congressbat, in 1854, tliat party cemmeaced agttatloB. In iH5ette same party resolved again that there should be no death ofmore Slarery agitation in Congress, but In 1357 they FourthbrongU in the L^compton Constitution. And so they onagitate year after year, and resolve that they will not. age. Mr. I'btor of thegoIb 1120 Slavery was timid. They did not say Slavery afaoold go into the Territories, but that It was gov- «nMd by cUmtrte and geography, but now Slavery (oas in spite of climate and everything else. Ithas pawn bolder, and seeks to appropriate all the territo-,poiieceased, and his Influence In theearlylife of thede-toterestUnion.Mr. Pevos, of Virginia, (Dem.,) announced thehour of theJudge KisHZT took the floor and made a manly and .the steamer, notwithstanding a watchman is stationedWm. O. Goods, RepresentaUve elect from the Congrefslonal District of Virginia. He died Sunday moning, July 3. 1859, nearly el years ofing a thumb and fingerolhisuwn state.In 1829 he the preienteddentmajorityand said he would move to reconsider the vo'.eFromprin-agamst the now exploded policy of prote.;tlve duties,ever,by which the table.cipally occupied with toeSpanish Consuls, to relation to toe paper emissionsco„,„,er,ial restriction which isobsoleUOur dates fromTheIst reach to the inst.respectablelady"'" h ?o""">'Porto Rico population was in the crisisville. andher matois"^"""ersant with the" ^of the warLegUlaUveof the were with the meetinghad been to sessionstoce Dec. 19, protocol arrangedSaturdayletters in the priv)-.M., and at 10 A. M. toeof "I""' °f ""^h incontestablereturned , ^,, memorable debate on the aboliUoaSlavery.power to orei-Hdesayatheyh«»etherighttogo-intoaTerritorywith jofeS^laveryinVinglnla. Fromthelmp,l«ofm>in- proJpuodsgietioKni.sniY—I takeop glare. acceptThehealthVicar-General oftheNew-Haven ernmetnotet4othisuslute,'tThreasurynotesoftoedennmlnatloBS distiietoftoedioceseeastofRochesteraadaosthofUe CoBstltutlon ?their slavaa and be protactad. The doctrine Isof the island was perfectly good.had been acted upon. OnPatrick's Church, Rochester, as Tioga and Chemung Counties,to toeThe resoiation occurred theconsiderate excitement, variousIke Jud/;e be/re thtferfU.I theSenate had autoorized toe Gor-to Mr. McLimAs'B resolutionfltatas against the wiU of tlM people. It will claim sustained by the foremost men la the state Mr Rtsolved, That the Democratic Party is the friUtrack-layers aad bndge-boildcrs compliment.ofdUpensation, acco;d:ng Where it maytoagainCouncilsgreatTbe Senatelast at 10 o'clock A. foUowihg day, toe letter was fosndargumentrecentbetween toe Executive and toe French, British andaaaoncprinciplesasked If he had voted in the affirmative.fever, of toeOn Dec. 29 toe debatetbe man-stealers£RTS was daring enough to go to the Mansion Ilouee,large part•y';dled and commenced his suddenBy accident, however, or otherwise, be had not pro-ceeded far before he was accosted by four or five negroes, who seized him, took the horse from him,and how much more they did we aever could learn but he was obliged to flee, and has not been heard from since.The river is now clear of Ice and weather warm. Emigration to the mines has commenced, and fromSlare Caaes.ATTIMPT OF A FUOITITB TO KILL ONI OF HI8ill wear fatigue coat, aad suspend toe fa- from the button of toe overcoatthan we saw one Still I dare not " year ago.attemptthat bad blm in provideBQtJATTlR BOTIRllQNTTden,attempt to cut the throat of a maaBlore nail RobberKs.ARREST OF A TELEGRAPH OPIRATOB III OHiathe proceedings of a meeting of the TerritorialLiBBXHin, AdjutantThe regiment will proceed by companies to toeThe reading of the resolutions created great ex-Company C, Lieutderstanding being that the amount advanced should FiTruxBALD. on behalf of the company, presented to Suspicion attached to toe telegraph operator at tsatflight.FncitlveCAPTOBS A:> ATTIMPT TO ISCAPX FBUSTKATZO.The Sandusky (O.) ten thousand dollars small a aeries of resolutions In apology EcKLsa, City at 4 P. M. Ck)L LsrruTS and several of the other mall robber:other lawful teaching, and likeRegister,business, have beenMr. HiMuB, of Maine, (Rep.,) thought the sum of personally treated with indignity and violence, Judge Holly, from the Committee on Resolutions, ly, and then he made a handsome toteation of the Committee to entertain the troops while here if they came.Mr. PsoH withdrew hisMr.Hsu, of New-Hampaliire, (Rep.,) asked for the Resolved, That a Committee of five be appointed to to special legislation and to banks, ui favor of econ- wotmds are not of a dangerous character.yeas aad nan.The resolution was passed.tee on Joint rulesinquire into the above recited facts, and whether any further legislation is necessary to give effect to the said provision of tbe Constitution, and that the Cooa- mlttee be empowered to send for persons and papers.omy, and recommending a provision In the State Con- The rumor of the town Is that theregimentviction that It would do honor to the occasionwhich some time, to ascertato who toe toief was, bat wasThe resolution from theThe siiuatter sovereignty resolution is as follows:trader is said to have been here during the examina-between the citizen soldiery of differentMonroeville, toe jnncllon of toe Sandusky, Mansfield and Newark and toe Southern Division of the Cleve- land and Toledo Railroads, where toey tmacconnW-amendment.passport system is springing up, therefore tion ofali State'^fficers so far as practicable, opposed took his man. We are informedthatcompanies.the gratification toat he had felt when he had learnedHouse for a Joint Commit- of the two Houses was agreed to.of a theirhave RepresentativeshospltolltiesMr. LovzjoT demanded a vote on the the resolution.sections of toe on great countryW. L. BoTDBToH said the meeting, theby laying of that^^*Thema'iIsw-erc changed at Monroeville, from thepersonal that is what they came here for.ocrats who stood by him faithfully but was constant- ;Norfolk Agent to secure htm. If found on board. at Norfolk.about craft of $150 was mailed at Oberlto for Hansfield, asthat theGovernor, Judge Kiksey maintained the floor, how-;But Robahouse byof Conservadores. who broke into thenoaaaln If they would spare blm. It was agreed, there- worse for l>eing up all night on such an occasion.:Democracy, in that city, on the 4th ef February left arm and shoulder. He was dlsarm^l immediate-enough. It was the in- and driven from their property for certain senUments presented favor of common and said he did not intend to ii^are km. It seensarmories dur-to "cluding the Cinclimatl platform. In favor of the elec- the light was rather obscure lo the car, and he mis-Staff officers of toe regiment visited toeing the evening. Hon. Gxobob R. Bbiogs,at Lafayette Hall in the early part of toe evening, addressed several of toe He exoreised"For some weeks pasl W. S. T. Pkxbticx,Agent of toe United States Malt Department, has been conscious toat letters have been extracted froea toe mails on toe Itoe of the Cleveland and Toledoschools, of squatter sovereigaty, of the Ohio billeven "of tnat hewhereas, an alleged practice similar to the European lights, relndorslng tbe Pl'attsmouth platform, in- merly of this city, w ho also assisted in tils arrestthey have held, and without allegation of crime;anddesignedgelwith Jaclbok, for-M. was C. andSpecialtbeurged he would move to adjourn to another day, that flamed popular sentiment to the utmost. A regimentJudgeGov. Black said the Territorial Legislature hasno man heard himthat tbeprohibitserylce, andmorethan$8],000hadbeencolleetodattheCapi-The Tariff of and Exports of 1855 had also ImportsGov. Blatk—Then you and LivlU have it.Mr. BaooiB offered the following as an amendmentBanboTO, Superintendentof ones, fives, teas and twenties, to toe amooat ef$50,000.Don PiDio RxcABT Y ToBBSS had been appointedMinister of Commerce aad Indnstry,and nonh also of the to Cornmg, to grant permission andthe:enntditledDocumentwlih a signal of distress flying, and the crew seen:a consequence, toe serenade was oonfaad laMrdered on acconnt of the ice. This morningthetotendeddems«rtl«^theparent Insecurity of the s; stem, to explore Its founda- masts were gone, and the crew are supposed to have They can't do without yon. You will be the princi- toat the services of Dodwobih's Band conld be had. tions, and with a result, for which very few persons perished. A life-l>oat started 6«m Tnckeraack io- pal feature of this great occasion. You will do honor At toat time, however, toere was quite a lam salk-fired on the 22A of February tn this city, in honor WAEBraOTOii's birthday. -The banks, insurance offices and Custom-house wiU be closed, and bnsiness for the moat part stupended.morefully.JOHN COCHRANE.vancedto toe balcony and Introdaoed Bbisob.for the '22d unless tbe boss manufac- inst.,claim toe honor to be aasEumlng representative of a portton of tots greatthat of Chaldea. " In thutKing of the Chaldeans, flain."was any power under the CoDsHtui inn to take Slavery tweiiiyfive jeais ago, may approximate ajustes- hear the testimony or of tbe case, because it expenses. As it is, toey wiil provide yoa vrith strailon as an todoisement of my action, l"was B.Ishazzar, Hi- denied that th^reTheBums case, the majority of tbe Judges refusing to. grSbad been already decidedbytheNew-York Court.princely quartersWasUngtoruchosen a ItepfcseTitative ill Congress. After serving tained at Southboro' by snow, and an engine was coa- would not toclude the cost ofthe forband, Itwasnotlilsstogand wentpresided over the House of Delegates, in 1850 he train from Boston.passimpossibleanything,for the is cotintryandtoe SixtoEighth Company alone, a small majority opposed the LETTERS FROM SOUTH CAROLINA CONGRESSMEK.reetcctloa,back slderably damaged by beingwas an active and influential member of the Conven'lion which devised the existmg Constitution of Vir-ginia, in 1853 he was chosen a member of this body, The total loss the fire here onand was reelected successfully in 1857 and 1855,Of his services here the reports of the proceed-ings and debates fuinisb all requisite information. business Is at a complete staad-stilLtoey appreciated fuUy, he said, the honor done say regret gentlementoe Regiment by toe Congressional Committee, la have t)een toviteu to address your meeting to-morrowevening are not here—genilement of eloquence and: it should be broken, afd an many endeailng ana aumlraole traits of his personal Lieut. Calvih Frkdeeick of the U. resolved to go they would leave on Tuesday after- lor Wie Bepnblican Congressional Executive Com- not be placed there Thomas,;ce;ited.The usual resolutions of respect were adopted. Adjourned.FROU KANSAS.The Bill Froblbiltog glayery-Attempt to Ktdnap a Negro.Corregpondfnce qf the xSeu-York Times,Latcsziicz, Monday, Feb. 13, 1860.The bill prohibiting Slavery in Kansas did notthe Council until- the 10th Inst., and it still re.Condition of Mexico. COnHIRT.EMr.Davis willbeengaged to-;(SO.OOO right. Slavery is not the key-stone of this arch. multiply beyond precedent. Some forty are already for fear of the Conservadoies or as on movemenL The annotmcement was received wito Themay better be compared to an unsteajy, rolli.ng cobble- stone admitted iuto the arch, which causes it some- times to tremble, but which, skillfully removed or se-pre-present organi- zation and tbe Seventy sixto Anniversair boa tMthe countryat Fort Point, $50,000, and not. then, the image be broken; l^t it rLs** into i'.^ ilie Statfs. a^parenily lor no other purpose than to night, be murdered without warning. I wish, as a tion of the acceptlet i'. ; let the freeman look :o it with gratitude anl mingled shame and admiration— Jndge Aiiirr, of Kansas, has received from J. W. the bondman with hope and faith, and let itsymbdize BoBissoH, Secretary of State under the Wyandotte that higher state of civilization and e<iiial selfgnv- CenstitBtion, the census taken last Spring, as filed In emment, w hen all nnttons and all raites, each Im i;s;;Unittd States would take this country tmder its pro-oilier half," now at a distance. Our new Con- tection. What else is to be done I do not know. 1 greeted this announcement, and toe men dispersed, whose honest labor tiaslet it surmount the domt of ^his Canitol ;vortogdirec; importations for the consumption of ourdetermmatlon to hold our South as lovelyplacebear the shit id and swordand pioviuts that the Courts alone shall have jurisdic- tion in such matters.negio wom,in Lving in the suburbs of the city, by a man named Rodsbts, of Big Springs, and several others. This Robebts has lost negroes within the past year, and now declares that he will steal as oiaiiy for revenge. But tills attempt did not pay.cratic State Convention heldstltate resolution, declaring it inexpedient to express Goods. lit was a man of great energy and faithJul- dows. The negro woman immediately suspected the a iffcferenee for any Presidential candidate, was de- ness to his State and country. Consisteot and true to danger, and escaped by the back window to a neigh-stop or rest awhile, I shall want the stones andsome other machiaery, but at present 1 can do notti- with aprovinces to be plundered at toeir will, out threaten, if^ we dare assume our rights, to wage w ir us wito fire and$95,000,IsInsured, mostlyEng-seiitiment, ranktogWASHt^fGros,Clataadby $00,000Saturday toe men. TheirMr. S. C. Hills—.Mv Dear Sirthe 5th of September last, post, with the plan of themeeting place to-night, no fartiuer speeches were made, and as soon as toe mooc stopped toe crowd dispersed.It is lo be regretted that any Legislature laged what houses they thought proper, and put ail in oftheirlives. Asbehas such power, and we now see the proof of It. For foreigners dangersome cases are now on the docket here, whereinfrom Ibe inclosed notes, this revolution has riUnedthey turned. Col. Leffbbtu suted toat, in consideration of the vote of the rank and file of toe theThursday, delegation;the party praying for divorce has recently come fromannul the marriage contract with an unfortunate rected him so to notify toe Committee. Loud cheers"slUution takes the proper ground on this subject suppose we will all liave to leave. If tbe revolution toe evening, to receive furtoer orders.];>eoopluer, arrogance,A .Tieinorial has passed both bodies, adrressel to well- Congress, asking for admission immediately, tmderine.I remain, dear Sir,sufficiently large complement of men to do credit to its own reputation, to toe City itsword, even to the violation of ourpontruly,there were at that time 70,926 souls in Kansas. It adjusted temple, vihose croAriiiig glory shall be the Wjandot'.e Constitution. The people here never The following were inclosed in the above'yonrshearto-stones andTafias, Friday, Oct U, 1859. it is ratlier too certain that tbe rob- bers are on their way to Durango again, and havingMy fainghdt,invite place pretty strongly,and my your friends to retreat to my place with your families, and we wiilgathered to great numbers, and" Tbe Republican Party is once more triumphant that the sub- He gave a sketch of the life and character of Mr. inmates of the house heard a rustling about the win- balls or cylinders of old cast-iron for making gren- company the Regiment. It is probable toat not less more tmdacious and insolent daily. Their proscrip-case those fellows should like to pay me a visit.Yours very truly,ST. BERNARDO GEORGY.Ayala, Tuesday, SepL 12, 1859. You will be sorry to hear that we were badly treated last night, having had a visit fromwas circulatedHbad-Qcakhes 7th Rkot. N. Y. S. M., )Natioral Goabd, Nsw-Yokk, Feb. 20. 1860. j GxtVSBAL O&DXB No. 3.not to be tolerated much and our surest and longer,most certain mode of securing independence, to or out of toe Union, is m renoeiing our commerpe, first, independent of all intermediate agency of Nortnemof and feel all getting particulars, tbeKnapsacks containing a change of under clotliing,The Journal Springfield (III.)uponthe world has eversays" The fugitive slave, Edoak Carto!), who left tillsiarger stampede transfer from Illinois lo Missouri, made an tomyheart, you speed.kill one of tliesome means not generally known, be was furnished with a razor In this city—the supposition being that the weapon was placed in his hands at>out the time he was stepping on board the train. When near Vir-arrest him on Thtusdayinflicting three rather severe wounds upon Ecklkb'bsuch an effort,from mvthat a slave man, the property of Mr. John H. Mok-th»t port on Wednesday last. He was missed that night.andRSVISIOS OF THE TARIFF MOBS OOTKBS- office, where itnight,eloquent speech in favor of squauer sovereignly. The nightly in the depot, which is securely inclosed. Domingo to Jan, 22.as possibleJudge struggled bravely In support of squatter sov-We receive by way of Havana advices from San bag, aid then gel possession of tbe letters by tnaert-';and en board of secretod himselfImmediately the escape, upon hearing of negro'sRleo.TH« MILITART FETBR—a RIGIMIKT FOR MOROCCO.Portotoe otherwidownea^ty distracted about her son. who isto awalt,in jail an ei-Mr.Railroad, has received a gold watch and chain, worth;rather persuade toem to accom- mored toat toe Railroad Companies totend 'to trans-but Ecklib's was sold;fugitivestitution prohibiting a Slate debt of more than $100,000. to a Southern trader before his arrest in ttds city. The called It toere, and his belief that toe interchange of unsuccessful untii yesterday. Letters were traced toResolved,stitutionalTerritorial l.egtelature.uLder a Territorial form of Gov-but we presume few knew what his real veryThatithe i-eople right, throughTerritory,the con- lo thetion ;business was. We are Informed that when he learnednational occasions to that peace and harmonyPreparaMryVnceedimgttdke>f&e.The officers and mea of the Seventh Begimentof the of presencemodest, tm pretendtog aad aa-> BALTiaoKS, Saturday, Feb. 18, I860. {Col LBrrXBTS—My Dear Sir: 1 teiagraphed yonfrom Washington, at the request of toe Mr.Bbwsb, ;speech of mr. bbioos. afterJeosltnetrdCaoyn,unittee of the Senate andWASHiHOTtiB on the 22d insL Every one is desirous;probable numt>erof men, whenance, &c., that I may have the proper arrangements[CTbeers.] I approbation. [Yes, yes.] will assure you toat the highest ambldon toat i en- tertato is that my course shall meet toe approval ofyou.my const! inency. [Ikpplause, ana a voice,"Tliafayou maybeexpected, bywhatconvey-takingthrovm from the track. goose.to make awMch toere was enough money in toe treasary to pay. this is a compliment entirely uneirxrcted. [A voice into the Slate Legislature. For several sessions he The passengers were to go tlirough by this morning's While —'Don't so."] I that toe whoa term he declined a singlemy purposespeech ;of wldcblish companies. In consequence of the calamity defrayed,inDeath of a Naral Officer.BnrrALO, Monday, Feb. 20.He is toecharacter, and closed by submitting the usual resolu- S. Navy, died of consumption in UUs city Saturday noon, and reach Washington at about 7 o'clock in tills Union movement to January last Mr. Hasr: I received yours of of toe members oftoeir fare would be paid by Congress;" •and, Voices, Mabseall, Mabshall," Music."] Aliowexpensestraveling. If toeyTennessee, will be toere at toe meeting. [CheersThey miglit come back Wednesday night, butPBITATC TI8TIM0BY TO TBI DXSOLATIOK OF THE probably toey would not l>e able to get away from morrow to defining his position to toe House. HeThespectable merchant of tills City, may be accepted as entirely reliable evidence of the utter disorganizationreigning to-day in MexicoDcBAHoo, Sunday, Nov. 20, 1859.directlyto Washington,stopnowhereon toein I860 ^nomtoated by acclamation. [Ttiree cheersfollowing letters,banded usaby highlyre-andway. They should not go unless a sufficient number for Bbigos.]Troop were imanimously in favor of gotog— you may judge and held a haif-hom's consultation. When re- orlgtoalafter being notified to assemble at their armories inbloated,It is to be hoped toat the regiment will visitWashingtonfeature. MerchantswhoseemployesaremembersofUnder toese clrcuftistanceE. though I consider toe disease at toe North too gangrene lo be cured mereshouldpany it toan throw obstocles in toeir way. It Is ru-the men for a much smaller fare toan thatrobbed all the different haciendas to the east and usually charged. It will be crediuble to toeir people, oiourperfect capacity, morally, social'y,ble applause, in toe armoryof:will report wito Drum Corps and Band, equipped, with overcoats, to the Adjutant, at Lafayette Hall, at quarter to 3 o'clock, P. M.bywhich we eaaHonse, chargadI amfeature of the occasion, to toe honor of our State toe last eight or ntoe weeks of the2, as relates to toeimporters.It is toeofevery man*not moreCruu. and neper's Impending [Applause hisws.•' .\of Washiboiob, and be present at the Capitol on the give toem a serenade. A shoit'*tlmo befora natal day of the Cotmtry's Father. CoL LzrraaTS, toe time for toe serenade, dlspatcLes won re-:Tbe Committee tn cluurge of theBbibos. But lltUeFeb. 16, has th» Jersey City Ferry, and wiU take toe cars from Jersey foUowtog accotmt of the detection and arrest of aa-|that toe would visit Washtogton, his con- Railroad. He has been pursutog bis researohes forbagsMEKT NOTES—A «EW CABIHBT MINISTER. tne letters down to tne moato of tha u-ed to shake— —layto leave toemfortlMOn toat day toe Legislative Body was to commenceThis its sessions, and toe Aimuai Message of toe President tbe mails, but it is estimated toat toe sara ofthat he had gotly Interrup'ed by the other wing, who endeavored to was done immediately on the arrival of the steamer was to be read. Its revelations were anticipated wito $400 is missinr. To show how azpeditloua he was, aput him down by raising points of order It was evi-the Committee's nsolullons were laid onereignty,and wasfreely applauded by the few DemMessrs. Foytli & Co. telegraphed to the promptlyIleacknowiedged;large experience will arrive Inthe motatog to "toeyperceive toat, if they went, be present at toe meettog. [Avoice— Who aroUeman of toteliectual power and natlooalnext toultimately Calboch. [Tluee cheers for Ucmphut Mabsbau.Judge NiLsoit.]man who broke groundstep tendingto conirince theNorth,as"Ts*?.PRICE TWO CEIITathat Hon. HckphmtpresentquaaUyotoer friends of the Union moreaeht airaniedtomeettog Young Me#i Nationalnotice of toe tionhadbeen given,and it »as notestabhsbment-wascelebratedontoe ICto tost, imcer favorable auspices. Letters were received from tbe Souto Carolina lumworst enemies on earth, ur.tii they not only express abetween toewhich toe sirap passes by which toe bac ia fiilwsadTat Monroe- support. The lad was taken to Clevelandwasmach Very Ber. M. O'Brien has been located in Ststaples thnoA about $IMoBtat:orgaalaa www.fultonhistory.com 