 .liaVfImB jMwentedascriminallyresponsibleforwrongs thinkingthat Mr. Fessenden's defence of Mr.^••yaf-liitfe fto JUUFwk.poat-oflioeWBUuitonnrwnlBBflB. WethaHHdOont- <«dfiiBttlHCiiB^)tnriler]WTerlMlian*if*r autalk oftl>ey never propose to dissolve the Union im-(A C^hapter af OUvaIrr*mm MMSVMk, MiM BB OOUIBS a yMCTeiyworkia notsurdity, buta seriousEvery day on which the dirt stood untouched again." In the meantime Mr. Sabtobi's mer- during the recent mild weather was a fresh cantile boainess in ChUe Buffered greatly. Hea.It's alling and clearing vessels every day. So, after observed, is cut out of his Messages by the Brown famly /" Oracioos heavens"''type,m biais for Southern seosssion ; andtliat the Bbowks of the absent Yankee's writ-Ihad been to the Har- appointed investigaterightsmeet the crisis of intersectionalbalf-filled with the abaent Yaakee'B owb handwriting, Blaib came on file worie,»aw-TOU(»*r>*»^'!**TSdear legislaUon nndantaiuling of the precisewbidk Mr. DocatAS requires to protect Statesof offidal ab- injury to the poblie.himwhereheahotild"neverseethecongenialbar-raoBL»• nnr-TOBK nxuD-ftMB«- from iiiTaaioiiB ench as that of the State of ! wi^iThere has to be a tenipted. And we' confess that a more salntary'paMBMMiW•*• • CM* •» «r«MHmM)yrMm,«ia tt <3>in the Federalwith him. If, however, heating hnpetuoeity than a good wordy, frothy Convention, we cangreat " Bureau," and the signor elsethatcanneither esc^ie.our Government nor that of Pern in ^ntrymen"defending their honor." W*WaMMRttoAfViw-TcBKnai. i^<already called ^attentiiyer's JPerrr tiagedy, nith a view to ascertaining 'vriiatlegialaticm the occnrrence appeared to exact, and t&at the reaolation of the Illinois Senator wasfeeling pro- duced by the i^air at Harper's Ferry.claims against foreign coimtriesu|ider the Con-ents to tlifl Union. A of order was rtused pointinevitable result of the teachings of the Bepub-a nature to startle the; tilerestscattering. TheHousethen1%e Teuionia, of the Hamburg line, from South- ampton on the Sthinst., arrived here last evening.twenty-tourhourst6hs bnnga Londonadjourned.of the Government at the disposal of the Pres-ident to suppress." We have no disposition toof the tth, witli a few details of interesteveningof the do any to the distinguished Senator injusticeappease the angry alarm of the South bynity for him. This was refused, upon whichM. HuET struck his flag, and went on boardthe French frigate rAndromidc, at Callao. white and earn a dollar a day than to be blBek'i';'''Mcst';'' ^^^'KhsHasafaSatpaperssatisfyiag that section of our common countrywerefreelydiscussed in all the saloons andhad out loud that it was better to he thoughtBnsiOHB moved a substitute for theand Toombs will pronoimce him quite a typefcill relative to railroads in cities, which gives theCkiaanon Councils full power over such grants.only at individual Uberty as guaranteed by the States themselves.justbecausehewouldnotwithdrawthatprotest andM.HorrwasinformedthatPeru manlynobleness"kndworth. — powers,(Bappreaaion anyment in anticipation of aoch conspiracy, thenwe do asHBMIOfUa-Jjt/TBIAM.^ hare been used in bi» ofspeech MondayAfter ten or twelve days of steady talking and cocktails, the moat warlike knight siglis for the repose of Ids home, and the em-has met ihe claims advanced the Government at Washington,could not die tUl she had seen him Gen. 'gBflant gentleman. Dr.again. SHaPHDmbynamcoioeCastilla was made aware of this, but he re- Secretary of the Texas Navy under General fused to let him depart, and Mr. Sabtobi ar- Hpoatoa'a Presidency, and distingnished moreWAIftiOn tlBATBE-m BoHuicaiFossentirelybraces of bis and family,is a seriousin theL*au>.military powerthe destruction of ids Whether Blaib waa or waa not Ub debtor dawBIOOKLTir ATBUr^DM-Onuno Bwnui.appear to be meant to confer a discretion upon the President which would be unrestrained by any judicial interpretation, and would therefore be clothing him with a power not contemplatedthe Constitution, and hostile to theby geniusofour institutions. The Executive province isIw OBMa-OwT OiaLAOK—Mauo Tots.Cabtula, then seeking to overthrowEcBEHiqn. The Doctor was workingmine in that Province very successfully, when neimced him aa an AhoBttnaiBt, and propcaeiTkis BrealaK-Idissent from liis doctrine. That we may do Qxe Senator no injoatice, we X&OIA Kajfl'S THBATRK-J«i»« DiAJIs, »» *M refer to his own language, as reported toamJSai •abdkv—Co»i'< Botu AmBimAna In thetoaed perBoB named Beaib, in the fottowi^ circmnBtances.TBacH. irnmx oabobh—i^amA.then presumed opinioned bis Government to demand for Mr. Sab- byrH»lWlli»BomBT THIATBX—Taa Ogwiowt TTitm* or Miw-——,tobi. in addition to a peeuniaiy indemnity, di-miKilr and needless of the Commit- templated or anticipated crime is always aIquique,right"anticipation Kr. Datis could seeheia ^thiidcofit:—a cor-of Kr. DoDOLAS, saveto to jliiwmiag the Federal Executive vriththa Administration; andand a andtheseconstantdeclarationsofim- respondentand that it had been modified. recentlyFkssxkdxn'sAndregret to be under" excited." Befiirebantfieatfaeiaaat greatlyBonrixm bad reatored Ba.AiB to •>- UmBelCno motive forhostilityAssemblytain at the f12, underlengthpaid protest himroundly,tellinghimthathehadexceededhisbythese facts w^erei(r. Hictmw, when the result of the ballot was iican Party, as explained and enforced innnotmced. He argued that a motion to procfed their platform, their partisan presses, theirto Ids Government theto wpte waa as much out of order as a motion toadopt ,th« plurality rule, and he objected to anypamphlets and books, and the speeches of theirhappyInstead of this, he now has to forward aand with calm decision to began givenote nseless balloting. The objection was even- leaders in and out of Congress." Now, ittually withdrawn, and two more ballots were had, cannot be denied that under these words athe mjmber voting being as before. The last , ballot resulted as follows : Mr. Bhiemav 109, Hr. Bepublican organization in any State may BOOOCK 51, Mr. Shitb, of North Carolina, 33, Mr. be treated as a conspiracy, which may make it GiUlCSi,Mr.Satis,ofIndiana,7,Mr.Flobxncc necessaryto "placethewholemilitarypowerfair.defiant refusal to entertain the claimsstantly,him a sound caning. Blaib on this drew aMr, Maxubbi stood alone in arguing against the Constitution, but also at the sovereignty of the^ atttacted ccorfdsrahis allaaUun.fiav and Hops•Otfaor btaaehes ortiade ptaaOMaTMiretdljriww fsatom.What makes the ftioe more farrieal. is that the Commiasioners never propoae any more serious measure tliah the calli^ of a Conven- tion.or tliat purpose would not befor forth-ti'B owa to phyridan appliederal law which may be passed on the ofluppressinginsurrection. Mr.DonoLAS butwhenthePresidentisallowedtosnuffcon-seeingguano at Pabellon de Pica and Punta de Lobos, islandshemeOobiBhaBt of Jbtrb- 6OH Davis and Senator Bbowb—with aaal The interest grew intense the eUnfey;to inTade States, under sovereignsubject,;eiicourage outrages uponpro- mliHl by charging the Senator from Mississippisubstances we entertain the sincer-'It 1bdeainUe that we should have adisiulon, it is true, butVirgiolB by Johm Bbown and his confederates. TQBXTIIIU(WW^-«w 9«UMa If be means that any conspiracy in one StateIU* fOUVMBUUVOBMU h•rmi^Mrili MMitawmten,! means, as bis languagetendaIt fiunaiBhes alowwhenheleft andhewasveryanx- andeaniestattenUonalitUeimmeOBie proceedtog wUekPBlUBtiUBB or tke states.stippoaesomefiilngwe of flie begto mn off slaves from another should be madeand useful fire-i drag upona penal offence indictable we entirely agreeCourts,Ab long as the Sonth/n- to hold a Convention, the UnistrGTsaft.very efficient vent for all thewrath which bosoms by Pro-Slaverytax-ievy, lend money to the City Inspector.Ourhas in somebeen construed to imply, that the Federtil forces should be placed imder the control of t&e Executive for the of move-Chile, ioustohastenbacktoher. ShewasWriting—to him by every mail to come to her that ahe"Senate. Mr. Dodolabthere would be but Uttle difference ofthat it win be necessary to place the wholeought to be recognized as the symbol of poweras well as of justice. We therefore hasten tolay before our readers the fidlest and most ac-curateaccountwhichhasyetappeared,ofthenumber and nature of the claims thus con-temptuously dealt with. The chief of these ry, houses, &c., in the year 1864, in the Prev^^ not appear, bst it is very ptotefale tkat he va^ clainu are four in number—two referring to ince of the of Oen. for the agent haviag beea oUfged to leaveof the Oovemment at the dis- riHUTBK—TnOofosooa—Wiratcb posalofthePresident,withproperrestrictions,yiXMQlPf ironinf—AftwaoM—Tnn Bon Pu- ii-aiia KmsB&n—Kasio T*t8. Krsnlnsthennlawfiili^iaureofAmericanvesselsin be falling at loggerheads with each other for Peruvian waters, and two to outrages commit-President CotambnstoradayortwoonhuaineBB,'AT BOVDOn, Ko. 444 Bnwiviy—MiUT, BsnwIUi*—TsxnsnOv—WoMAa'B Waiia.ThompsonandGeorgiana,arose from the seiz- a few more cUvairie Governor of the Province, came down upon and, accompanied bylimited, as its name implies, to the execution OUXPUf AKFHITHIATRX—lanagiRua Pbuobk- of the laws, but should the Executive beIn commenting upon the remarks of Mr. nre of the two vessels by the Government of bim and the destroyedof his and high-toned personB like htm«Alf, Blas mine,iroii iftTrm'iMmTuu.PALAOI OASDXN—Tak AtandHft Co.'a HiBAaisii.•OEUUn'SALLBRT—No «9> Bnudway—Pauus's SMna, " Tn Wbiti Ciran."XVBWS OF THE DAY.A motion of ICr. Hmmts, in regani to the re-mamfHiM ot the debate on the reaolntion of Hr.wu encoanteted Mr. Datis BMiiiua, by-wlft.the abjection that a Committee of themachineryFsssKKSxVof Maine, uttered in the Senate on Pern, while they were engaged in lawful com- burned his houses, shot at and woimded him, proceeded to "defend the honor" of MIb-to suchinvasion." Thiswould repressproperty, n^jpe, machine^ Andahuylas, by troopsarmed with the whole power of the Oovemment to suppress, at his own discretion, ahy assem-of thein effect a militaiy dictator, and tmder the cloak of powers so conferred apon him the re- servedthe Bepublic itself might easily be sacrificed. This whole doctrine of the prevention of con-Monday, we took occasion to lament that the Senator should have thought it necessary tocompassionate Mr. SiWAsn for the rhetorical mistake made by liim in tiis use of that now"and also to animadvert upon what we re-merce. They arrived at Iquiqne, a port in the and drove him from the town. This was one sissippi by first breaking opea the' alaeaisouthofPeru,withcargoesfromCaliforniaand ofthemost and barbarous Yankee's tmnk, and then BtutrBctfaig the outrageous thingsOregon, in December, 1857, at the time that ever done, even in this lawless country, and absent Yankee's private letters, wlilch he dnly Gen. VrvAKco, a revolutionary chief, held pos- he has been for more than six opened and began to read alond for the beaeStor which be bla^ political organizationmight interpret to be a conspiracy against the rights or institutions of any of the Statesseeking justice yearswithoutsuccess. Thiscasehasexcited" patriarchalConfederacy,he would be madeas Mr. Fesskmdeb's own evasion of thepractical issues presented in the resolution of board of the steam-frigate Apurimac, of 44 "Well, what is to be done?" askt President poBsible. The letters were commoB-fiaaehis Whathe spiracyonthetaintedair,andtojudgeofthe position.lying about sixty miles from Iquique. Theonr eitizensabroad,of the States and the liberties ofMr. DonoLAS demanding new legislation toflagW otherclaimpendingbeforetheGovernmentguns, much the heaviest of the only two frig- Bdchasan. " I have no authority to enforce enough for a while, till on taking 19 a Aeetpunished saycopypotence put forth by our President do more toof the Jomr Baovnn inWtltjaianpraseniing^naMa waa aneh legislatioa as should oblige tendency and design of any movement in oneVotmAQtaai Jaties to find tulls against the in- State, 'niiich he may consider to be hostile to Congressional Globe, we should probably get iraiimT «Bd as ahonld authorixe the President, in the peace and security of another State, wethairaitor'a State catling for dd to repel inva-aioa,tPfi>li>iah it withoat awaitng Congressional shall not be far from saying farewell to all con-American captains applied to the Governor and and to indemnification to prevent proper**"^^y! Mr. WiLSOB snbaeqnently resumed his stitutional guarantees, and to all individual Tmmim frbn tha aeaaion of Wednesday, entering^Oum^iato Um history of SlaTery aggtesaioivcers that it was all right. They accordingly is it true that Mr. Bi;chanan is not invested letter which Lord MomsAALB couldn't aader- proceeded to the Islands to load. While there, by the Constitution and through treaties with stand, thoB^ King Jamib could, hiatacy had the Tttmies, a steam war vessel of the Govern- sufficient power to apply a prompt remedy for known no such moment Nothing ia Sottoa a^ mentatLima,cameuponthemonthe24thof theseevils,andinsuchawayastopreventa proacheditsavetheinstaBtiBvAiASecpai^^liberty. "Itis notseized the crews over their sides at thedrove theirrecurrence of themWe fn&y beUere toneBdz-Ab laid Hr. PickwIek'B aaMe dcnaadndkBUMtiUy aUndingcoldwdMilOTa in Sooth Caioljna,and the treat-m"*t"^'"t"tMi. Hoax, the Msssachosetts Cummb- tual case but to authorize the ICeasrs. HuniOHD and Cbesbtt, the occurs,KAoai that Statis, explained that the im- department to suppress all conspiracies and has come at last, and we have _ Mtt of negro seamen was purely a Police combinations in tlie several States with theJanuary, 1868,vessels, point? out of ten of the claims,fi^tefigl-.to the ot imprisoamenttheSena- tor, " to use the military povrer when the ac-only necessary,"saysWe Irawed submissively to this oracular in- structor, and awaited, not without impatience, judicial the arrival of the all-enlightening Globe. Itof theofAmerican citizens" chops and tamatDea sanee*' befoe aaT>H«liHi»,9M«ipriaiOB Of Kr. Hoab, while it was neces-MoyJTBa aecflciqiliabed with all possible respect and citizens, property or institutions. Ton must accomplished this task,awpiiiiini Mr. Wnma'g farther remarlu elicited punish tlie conspiracy with intent to do the the necessity of maintaining our original criti- iamUr. Datib an sdmisdon that the election of aCallao,intent to molest or disturb itsGovernment,havingPtwident of the conaervatiTe class of act, and then it will be suppressed in advance."cism. We find that in dealing with a practi- cal proposition, to provide against the recur- rence of a grave outrage actually perpetratedplaced on them, and the Peruviaii flag streani-^ ing from their mast-heads.son, without the expendiiure of a dollar or the stronger nervea, took the epistle op, eontiBned firing of a gtm. Let the President order the the perusal, and foond, O slttme and vriTitioa Icommanding officer of the Pacific Squadron toCallao, with instructions to accompany Mr. ing-deskkJfe Foot, of Termoot, is awould not Theresponsibilityof theof suppression any^froB Mr. Frch, of a that in Indians, declaration,againstby thecitizens of one AmericanStatewereafterallonlyinnocentIfisate-combinationOur Minister, Mr. Clat, immediately inter-fered. Hedemandedthereleaseofthemas-'ters of the ships, and notified the Peruvian Clat to the Palace of the Minister of State, sippian Bkowbs,Government that it would be held strictly and there to make a peremptory demand for the question, whom the absent Yankee hopedState institutions is here transferred, with what looks like great loose-tltasTentofdissoIntion, the Northwestwouldgo•witk tba South, and not with the North. The ness of statement and logic, from the Execu- the peace and dignity of another Americanand that there was a ta ladyBsnafe adjoined to Monday. The House of Bep- tive to the Federalcourts, judicialbut there- State, Mr. Fissxndkii turned aside from theTBiSMliHTiii, agteeabty to the project propounded mains the same by lb. BrRuiiMn, of Tennessee, on Wednesday,— :principle discretion is substi-natural current oftodebate, suggestthat lawsresponsible for all its acts in the premises. Af- the immediatepayment"of American claims soon, it being all ri|^ vrith the family," to'waatofasTe at once to proceeded"firm and deliberate conviction that the Har-self:He had no hesitation in expressing hisper's Ferrycrime was the natural,logicalled no furtherfrom Illinois, and we presume that in his ma-Ib the State Senate, the bill malcing appropria- tured on this subject he will mod- that the Nortbern States were not truly repre- coffee-houses of Lima.tuMla for the payment of the Canal debt and ibr propositions thefaaintenaneeoftheCanalsduringtheyear,was ifytheforceofexpressionsthrownoff in the liiwwd Upon motion of Mr. Conkollt, a resolu- heat of debate, and under the exciting influ- tiaa waa adopted calling upon the Attorney-Gen- ences which noweral <ar Iiis (pinion of the legality of the New-YorkSoard of Supervisors, as at present constituted.!rha bill enlarging the powers of the Courts of Spe-cial Sessions was ordered to a third reading. Mr. we cannot withhold our doc-sented either by John Bbown or by his admir-ers and applauders. To select this moment forproposing legislation to meet the perfectly hy-case of a dissolution of the Union inllie claim of the whaleship William Lee The Admiral called at the foreign office, but and be paddled once a week, of cooiBe hearose in 1856, from the detention of this ves- would have been treated, before this, to a consented to take no hostile steps till the mat- longsel by the captain of the port of Tumbes, where ter should be referred to the Government of coat of tar and feathers. Being an apothecaiytat theBut that these logical inferences will be drawn from his positions seems to us inevitable, andth« anaphr of Ciioton Water. A Committee was the gloomiest forebodings page,Syracuse Conyeatim, and cannot tw bongSt or eoa- trying to overthrow Gen. Castilla's govern- isterial expenses in Peru, to the relief of our trolled by any man or set of men whose «elrai» laanoinM to arritnge for the celebration of Wa8H-from it into a single sentence, nothing which awaita the coining envoy compressingthe ofthement. The latter, with a large army, arrived robbed and insulted fellow-countrymen. An TbdelicnoiuprUsoen partyt.he Tnos lat» before Arequipa, after Mr. Saetori had entered Envoy who is left unsupported in just de- question now vexing the publie mhid Bli alft «birth day, and tha sum of $2,500 waa ap- propriated to meet the expense.The Jury, in the ease of Wiixiam Johis, who Sias been cm trial in the Court of Oyer and Terminerintend, it appears, to would ever have come of it," we think his ten-%pavMa'sIilississippi. Theydiscuss it until the close then say nothing more abontpursued byrtaaid*^' evidence both for thei"'' prosecutiondisgust-mdaiik^ 4^^«nce being completed, and the sum-Asthereisnotthe smaUestprobabilityHah, pparxAcieaa DiuftfeiMW:—A c! Mttaetar*^ Court tiU^..Utto'^''."''**'«=°''<=l"'l«^ adjoubedthe Mississippi delegatethe both Boards oftheCom- mon Council, gave orders to have them cleaned, but the work was stopped by the Comptroller3n West•taole, containing-which to belongedmon Council has not forhadsaying•Iwelilng-housesto save the State his hotelCastillahim, and on a hearing of all thedignity to damagebutThiuv'f.^^i.""'"*^""*'• ^1 ""^ich five or sixsleep upontryearth. a Court-many years as itUnitedtoe about tw«Bty.«iat handled mltoi.Ms credit is axhaaated, and be eaaaot cat a dobr aa Oa strength of Uaprospact tromttTomamS^ttaTAtBBB S^SIAMASloss wasJiot far from »7 mo "o"''*''-mnSet by the loss of thei^ fu;,,;, "® P°°' familiesof a littleIf Bennktt praised the Board of Alder-.WAwe "'course;wa.^'^"'*'-'"claim sense.uponit for thedisplaycommon peoplehavingkMtaUcoaAdeneelameat; the oaivdeMrt-ganwallyheldfirmly. NothiM ta Wheat Cora and Citse''^'^ ^'^^"""^ ''"'"ns- days of printing, for the simple purpose ofofenvoysfrom one State to the other, in thesechad's play, but The only evU thatpredominateCapital.she had put in for water and supplies, because his Castilla sent an to trunk-opener, reader of other peon's letteia, Emperor. agentprotest against trines which, in our view, strike a blow notofOliAT-Husew, Soadajr, Jan. SB, IBM. The great Haas ConvenUon called by Hr. Woon,for the purpose of making and maanfacturlag Dele-nfaiCilule, which reserves these powers to thetiiglalilllini. and it was adopted by a vote of 22 to3. VheMll is the special order for to-day. The ap-poialxaent of a Select Committee on Beforms in theBtate AssessmentXaw was moved in the Assem-hig, carried, and tne Committee appointed by theChair. After a smart contest between Mr. Conk-XJSa and the Spe^er on the bill for the relief of about to be followed by MississippL This self and his political friends fTom the accusa-XitTTHMt Wbioht, that measure was ordered to a is also to aState about dispatch long-winded tion of indifference to the serious ques-whole crew deserted in the meantime, the hotsun opened the seams of his ship, his voyagewas finally broken up, and after repairing his time struck bis flag, and went home. The vessel he waa obliged to return home. The other day, news reached lama from Valparaiso ownersmadeaclaimfor$61,000,whichwas thataFrenchscrewline-of-battle of90inga Commissioner toVirginiais, itappears, cated,in otherpartsof his both him- speech,shipcut down by the American Government to guns had arrived there, on its way to Callao.qnartershas just Ind*t.ml>fm-im*.:mm,^S^, »m^w,"^ «The Preliminaries of Secession.The example set by South Carolina in send- tinue to regret it Mr. Fissendin ably vindi-more dreadful than the patient endurance byecotlOB of criminal process against the parlies im- the Virginia Legislature of a four hours' sages which have called forth our observations.torpablication,pas-them in mass meeting. The Chairman of tbe Con-lest itmightinterlere with the ex-injurious and provocative tendency of the speech from the inexhaustible Mr. Mkhmingir, Ni'itlier can we agree with the Trihunn, inbat there is no doubt that Hartlky, the ^j.iMnofthaExpresstrain, andperhapsothers,and if she is not, all sheMr. Sabtoki was seized by Gen. Castilla and has to do on her arrival at Callao is to tell cratic State and County ticket last Fall, and an iakept for more than four months in a cat le-pen, Castilla what more is to be done, and he will leagut) with the Republican leaders at thepmaatx^ liHritad :still iniirc special attention of our Government. (his tardy justice;were men whovoted against the Dsao-in which the ancient tale of Southernthe edBaion.' Habtlkt left Yonkers early last and Northern violence and perfidy was told Seward was either timely or considerate.e^oiiV and is sopposed to have come to this City. over in as a manner as the nature of There is such a thing as killing with kindness sprightly ;mamanotaqnommpresent. TheCouncilmentatK*BoardofAldermen,yesterday afternoon, Mr. "without bed, and without decent food. An ac-July, 1858,do it.If the President declines to acttime. If Mr. Wood had only been preaeat to havemarched them around the the ettauix would village, graadthe subject would admit of. The way in and when F^ssenden declared that Mr.tive andMr. Saetobi had reason to visit Arequipathishint, we have one more suggestion to make. country ba^ been and will be a caatePopatrltbyle a>4tbai ajuti" aaplleatien to the Legislature for authority to is about to deal with this oration fills us with thor of a phrase," and added that if he hadon whenthat*iftha repoit from the Aldermen in &vor of which we hear that the Virginian I^egislature SxwABD had bees unfortunate in being the au-sometimeinLet him forthwithrecall Mr.andletThe Stock Market tooka ,04^^Jesterday morning, and the riss a.the rromioent shares, waa nearli l-n«°°® '^'"* °" that has to say to Virginia, or any could possibly result from the commencementjustdeal of deliberation this Court decided we can aissure that reverend body that it wouldthe were ''°'- *' clow, prices unsettled, after » feneialbadnessthroughtheday. MoniesVP"*Mississippiother State, is said in her little newspapers sixtimes a week, far better Uian her moat volu- lay aside the considerationfinds time togreatthatithasnojurisdictionoversuchcases,and notstandoneparticlehigherinthepnbBeesti-*anr(|niet.and nothing of moment_ inquiry pMvall«i for Cotton andwhere he him- the voluntarily presentedofhishtBBodhia imUr haMZrla? aad tepraeara Htaaleaihiteeaa;;»tle""upward, making speeches,is ridiculous. All thoroughlydone -^^^ ble orator couldweight totheMinisterofWaranddemanded evenifhefbe 6me of the TligliilBo«n 4k> the «nk of* m)S8!oner8 in a third of the time.DsifBgMr. 8*wwo^WubUublaBm. 'umAwHJJ iilTheymediately. They always keep a Conventionbetween it and its fate.grand palaver before anything serious is at-hardly conceive of.The health of his wife was yety must, therefore, commend to hispent-up are torn.We haveemptory fashion in whichCotambnTMisisSpBLof bis Union,the Abolitionists, are thus pos^ned for a few years longer.Furthermore, as Senator Hamicokd, of South Carolina, yesterday declared that Masachu- setts had no right to send an agent to South Carolina, this form of embassy would appe^ to be as intrusive as it is impotent, and the strict constructionists of the South will shortlyone, for it involves thd national rived in Chile too late to see the mother of hia recent^sableretainers andthedissolutionofthe ;honor, and therightsof Americancitizensin achildren. Norhetoriccanintensifythefactsshotdeadencouraging an impertinent custom.The Tribiuie and Hr. Feaaenden.ted upon the persons of American citizens.The claim of the owners of the Lizzie one night a party of Monteneros, sent by the a search of liia room. The key was praeorad,famousinstitiition" which breed* ports ofWhich, especially, he was able to com- more indignation in Peru than almost any BO many nice and honorable instincts, aadgardedseized andates in the Peruvian The masters of Navy.makes aU meanness of or deed taa- tfaonghtopaquevery noaes,were,and the President is armed should also be passed to meet a contingencyter discussing the question fully with Mr. Clat, and there is not one chance in a million tha espouse. "Therevulsionwassevere batthe ;for tuted forSpeaker, and m that practical and pleasant way to with power, not to execute the penalty which which has never yet arisen, and which existsballotingexecutive,Peru appealed to the known justice and ac- these claims will not be allowed before the chivalry could not give up their prize. TheyJiaTa occtipied the eusuing forcnignt, without fur- only in the shape of the vague and indeter- tiier debate. Mr. Hickmak, however, on the Be- the tribunals of justice may award for a crimepnbUcan side, protested that he was not bound by committed, but to adopt precautionary, and of minate threats of partisan leaders. ThatJohn Bbown and his followers, not being citi- zens of Virginia, did actuaUy invade that Com- monwealth, with the intention of disturbing its whole social order, and did actually engage in a sanguinary conflict with Virginian citizens,knowledged magnanimity of the Government Minister loses sight of the Flag-officer's epau- took out all the love-letters of this low com-"of the Union." A careful examination into lettes. But suppose," says the President mercial Yankee, and went at them wit^the question was had by the Cabinet at Wash- " that the millionth chance shoaid turn up V great dash and gallantry. Shxphbbo now ington, which finally decided against Peru, and Well, if it does, let Flag-officer Mohtgoubbt comes on the scene. Attracted by tlie crowdthe of the Tennessee and sagcestian member;course discretionary, measures for its preven- ^*TMit"' protests, and refusals to abstain from tion.froga all qnarters on the Democratic side, cametalk. A ballot, thanks togency, was at length obtained—226 voting, thuslenwring 114 necessary to a choice. Of these Hr.Bhbbiiab had 109, Mr. BococK 58, Mr. Smith, ofKotth Carolina, 37, Mr. Datis, of Indisma, 5, Mr. On this point Mr. Doitolas must speak for him- interrupted in the peaceable pursuit of theirthe and a soldier Mr. Clay was instructed to renew his demand. lay the Lancaster, with her twenty 9-inch shell he entered room, beingandMoOtBUlAliD S. The rest were scattered. Whilethe ballot was Hr. of proceeding Hamiltoit, Texas,'withdrew his name from the list of candidates, us- ing'the occasion to thank the partiality of his meoda, and to protest the devotion of his constitu-egimate affairs, is a simple matter of record. Mr. Fessenden himself, for whose abilities we and entertain probably quite as sincere a respect as our contemporary, will hardly deny thatmake a final and demand. It peremptorywas made. The Government at Lima, in the absence of President Castilla, now in com-enoughto discharge all Americanclaims,in- cluding the necessary expenses of the Lancas- terinwatchingtheoperation. Congressand the people will hardly quarrel with this prompt and economical mode of taking the justice which South American factions thinlc'fit to re- fuse us, as they would be very apt to do with a repetition of the $5,000,000 expedition to col- lect $25,000 from Paraguay.BepubUcanur- And what is to constitute such a aswouldjustify committingsuchadiscretion to the Executive, or to the Federal Courts ?conspiracyThree months since the Government at guns and her two 11-inch guns, alongside the eccentric, protested that the whole proceediag" of Washington again instructed Mr. Clat to Chincha Islands, and levy upon exactly guano was a sneaking outrage." Blaib, conrse,phrase,theirrepressitjlbconflict ;"session of all the south of theBepublic,theof theFor this we were immediately taken to task, with characteristic candor and conrtesy, by the New-York Tribune. We were politely assuredCongressand a custom-house, enter- Tfais annual miserire of Mr.give Bucbanan,any." " be ithetueen me mnd litWe have noobjection that the overt act of conspiracy by our contemporary, for whose of ment for their and chartered1dangerous thing to meddle with.distinctly objected should be to the extent of Fed-ofwhole slaveholding South into a state of pas-sionate excitement, especially when followedup as they were by demonstrations of sympa-devoted to the objects and inflamed with the spirit of party, is quite content that this should be done. We, for our part, regretted and con-of France in lequital for the offence, until she was compelled to do so. M. Hdkt a secondrAILUBB or THB wood DBBOaSTBAlTOBATthird reading. Ho business of moment preceded orator, to give to the Mother of Presidents a tions evoked by the actual condition of structed to make a peremptory demand for in- ment tha adjotunmentand in twenty-four hours after, a draft The Coroner's inquest in the ease of Mrs. Fzzld, bit of the Mississippian mind upon the im- the country, and uttered many sotmd and demnification. Four years have elapsed, and for $8,000 on Danixl Gbb & Co., of London, inon Samrday liiSt, It proved to(maof Un victims of tlie Hudson Biver Railroad pending crisis in the South. The result of the sensible views of national policy. Butand from this city they mostlycoUisfan, was concluded at Tonkers yesterday. She Jtiry declined to furnish a copy of tne verdictCarolinian embassy has been, so far, nothingthis does not in the slightest degree affect thethough the Penrvian Oovemment has at leastonce acknowledged the justice of the claim. The claim of Edmim) W. Saktuki merits theat Lima, and passed through Panama on the tbe county cent no Delegate;, and the remslalaj Sill inst. Probably, however, Louis Napo- towns had but one or two persons there to represeatthe greethigsAmeplBaa service in Mezieo.capacitymuch further than his into neighborsvessels, finally them to the French Consul to loadSpanish-American State,of it sentallest respect, that if we would but wait for the full report of Mr. Fksskndkh's speech in theunder theas ita clearer glimpse " into this grindstone." We were informed that Mr. Fessindxn " was very apt to understand what be waa about," and that " he did nothin^ut explain and defendMr. Skwabd in a and manner." manly generousthem,Captain of the Port, and were told by these offi- than perhaps all other causes combined. But, crowded upon the refider. Since fiiat fnegmmspeechwith care.captains<weretakentowethe ships are now used by the Peruvian Gov- a shadow of that promptness and ^energy•moaaBt that the Mayor wonld veto the atiaet-BondiBlBlkitthWJigieAlM. him to allow Mr to*Jhe ^^^ ^5??f ^'^^ "*^» ««n. Cwnt. eecding ia too IbUmh^t ahmeci toperusedMr.inliabitedandtheir—point being Iquique.The vesselsandbounds of thedent, simply by the exercise on his part ofhands, and he started flw op, aaysupenfconow an addtional sum of money to increase as to the fate diffused that idea over half a instead of city was held by Gen. Vivahco, who was then Congress appropriate the amount of thg min- Columbia are satisfied with the proceedings of tbeof the session, and derness must have been felt by Mr. Sewaromost cordiallargely npon tbe Increase'her*. liaaiwottuafwk* hwabvoenboeweanrceontshteantteadenoftheIHtam*awlTTmsK.rtadeiaorttoTiina.doetriDM Thepsowl-it Theyonachargeofmurdtsringanun- neithertakemeasurestocallaConvention ing. TheSenatorfromNew-Yorkisastates-city.STorthreetknowB man in the Five Points, alter having been nor declare the Union dissolved, and poorMsM- man of such rank and repute that he might per-days3n deliberation throo^oot WednesdMr night, cams as well be left to find out his own " mis-gMlon ofTheALDBEittNANDTHKPbess. Wedonot oldPlimOut'sita«M,maxeiaSnatlrdetrtrayItsInto Court yesterday moniing witli a verdict of MiKOBB will go to the Springs next Bum—mer hapsand to remedy them in his own way.by anyxuanslaughter in third degree, fhe ppsoner was re- without any other consolation than the in 3sandedtorsentence. ThetrialofJOHXDoHBU.-'J.Y for tlie murder of Cbaklbs CobaXB was then thia instance—rather melancholy one of hav-^""""enced, and occupied the whole day. At a ing done hia duty.iortunes,"A Crt Aoaikst ih» Mun. ^The conditionof the streets, as everybody knows,that any deeper impression upon the Virginia mind than theLtwniORi. and expenses. In fact, the dispatch because the Mayor travelinglevy.This is certainlywill makeyesterday morning, Carolinian has been able to produce, we tax levy bad passedtto matt rratM In New-York, wdtn U «strongly advise him, whoever he may be, and wagons, stay at home, anda«ri<"i*.'y, injured, and adaysappointedwas no cause;vfillmiWUtywere plen5 slaveholder in the Old Dominion, and thus save oa Mr. Dbiu,vaii or delajr is paylag the Chile,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to the P<1nt a and aend a everyofthe r peoonlaiyopamphlet, oopyBB Fern h«daotbingbete|hettom U|liimself to be rather superfluous and embarrass-theChile. On leaving, he rode directly to Gen. Castiixa'scampandappliedforapassport. He was asked the General if he hadmands,hardlyfind hispostising, and lias been disgusting for at least twoaiooHi.nlonths. TheCityInspector,assoonasasopeofwithno mentandputanendto thefarce. TheCom- Fost-aOeeDenartmenlInaveryliisi.i»Mnot mischievous child's [day.onlyof the work before the Mayorit in a ten hours' dis- Strangers' Protective Burean andlook into theMr. Sabtobi was sent uponhisto than it does at this loma mationsayor if she distrusts the Press, she canfor trial,self twicea tiiaL He was told that he coold retom to bunal, and recanted oa his bare and homyhad notapprovedof theUttle matter of the City taxea, would be eitherthis ridiculoas tri-fhatenlngment—that he was the bearer Boole, Bagley Bradleylatter to a friend of his in Chile, and immedi- tee sat waiting open-mouthed for BENNarr'a T^hofthegreatparolemoment, with aU chargeB resting upon it AndUntitaled Dpocu,ConuiMBaftftkeep ous and ^blue akyHr. Toombs, of Georgia, reeta Ub hopm *t stimulus to diaeaae. We hope Mr. Wood wiH has shown losseB, occasioned by hia detention, 1 »ictoiy for the South In the neat oivS"»'*''• *--relax a little firom Iiis ardor in behalf of the of more than $60,000, substantiated byprooia which he longs, upon the promptaeaa oT V^cleaning apprcqiTiatkm,>tliat flie moneymand,havingraisedhisa simidy piecerefusal, saying determined toClaimsAgmiMtPejtakenplaceinhappy cItyUved but the other dayamand of the PeruvianMr. Clat to believe there would bedelay in the payment of the claims, and heby issue of the af-fully expectedmail now received of the$31,000, at whichfigureMr. Clat was in-This hint was sufficient for Castilla's Govern-gata* to thevUlsge of ClBversck (about three miles from this dtr)business,Clat,hopeless failure. The National Democracy of oUnotifycouchedintle delicacy did the Peruvian Cabinethighlyrespectableuponhavebeenattained. ThisattemptofUito disorganize the National Democratic ofthe-eTentmOySakcobi to batfa»-« thing not of mon aoldter, aid which waadenied to a com^>BieipaKty. Ifcoining. Unless be didthe Idnd, the delay he bias imposed on the aite for Ub health—Gea. Castilla gave a blunt andThis gallant gentleman has just beesthe annilillation of the Nortli, the execution of region of the world in wMch the American flag of such a case as this. Mr. Clat wbb instniet- in the pabUe atieeta by a chivalric and higb-atarmy Guayaquil,languageany lessthancourte-A brief recital of recent French experiencewill not be out of place in this connection. pistolandshotShxfhsbdthree till he times,priety of passing such laws as would meetthe new issue of constitutional obligations developedbyJohnBrown'saffair,andaftertherefusal,thefactofitshavingbeenCharge,demandedhisrelease,andanindem-matterwedonotyetteam.in the matter that, within madeandthelanguageinwhichitwascouchedWhat the of Colmnbus have done in the peoplemerchant of Chile,preserveimprisoned, by order of apotheticalthe event of a Republican triumph, can hardly,we think, be regarded as either wise or states-manlike, and certainly deserves to be describedas an evasion of the true issue. This iswhat Mr. Fzssisdem did. Our contemporary, his vessel was detained several months his would never pay the claim or salute the flag Hmr4..SheU CurreBttoa ! CalnHbia Ceaaty. ''$12 unjustly claimedspy, coward, murderer, and defender of the Paris,authorizedtomakeasettlement When " we Mr.As Soon as Mr. Sabtobi bad closed hisbusinessthere,hestartedforIslayand coimtryoragreeabletohimself.approval, and it* dmoMtaa naat hacattle-pen, than the motherBUMt dz aaitt* ha hS;party,other bed toAfter severalMarfial toIJMJtstheCourtdecidedthattherefor detaining Mr. Sabtobi. But he was not re-leased. Another Court was called, and after a men with as much vigor aa he abusestint«arnotethanStates, lAbMrit ha has travaWwlikialhrtappearedfartter (o do wUb fcneee, oo hoawabefin«who bowrect personal damages TheclaimofDr.;Estoharosefrom ebanoedtobedrtvinghisba*galBBiaCotanbM.absolutely requl-thathewbb theirculpritwiOltbut Peru refuses both. ChablxsAn agent for some Nerfhera Itniaeaa Itoasathe two ships found a regularly organized gov- stitution, and won't meernment atdischarging their cargoes they sought employ- agent or Minister at Washington of every petty was an for MJaaJwrippI, and iorescajoe BLAiaimmortrf^ory!bayo-net, and left them on those sterile spots, with- on Spanish-American States could be settled nant British jniy. Blaib could not go vkout food or water, sixty miles from the nearest satisfactorily, and at once, and within the vrith his task. The tetter dnpped fitooi Ubrebuked this presumption, and swore at Shbf- HEED as no better than a Northern agent hia-self, and a mere wolf in sheep's dothing.However, seeing miscliief in Srefhbbd's eye^Blaib absconded and left town. A discreetlyfew days after he came back, for he waa aa apothecary and must live, though his costom- ers died for it SmPHSBn invaded him in-thy with the invader, in many parts of thenon-slaveholding States. Mr. Douglas' reso- longer,lution brought up before the Senate the pro- ous to the American Government. And so lit- Several months since, a French resident of fell dead, caning his murderer stoutly to ttepower^nfened upon the Presi-report,ernment as supply-ships, guns tiaving been which so greatly distinguished President Jack- other chivalric and high-toned peiBea, ofLima was illegallyPeruvian Judge. Mons. Hcbt, the Frenchlast And thus Blaib avenged his honoa.her master refused toin behalf of a discharged seaman. The Cap- the agent returned to Lima, Castilla abused Institution," all in one, supposepaybe one of the most inl»- erable failurts ofthe season. Tnerewerenotoverforty persons present,the demand has not l>een complied with, al- favor of the French Government, was mailed and from the vlliage of CUverack. Nine towas of;i.v.o-a'f 'JO-gun ship will not be satisfied withventionand one-half of those who ta partlclpatad tiiftcanuseful to bis—often offer advice to the Board of Aldermen, cbcnlation, andadlneaar la oa inneased otrada. Uon of yoorpapCT, Mr tte eeaiwative nsMi wMIdocuments from Gen. Vitanco. He replied but after the foolish scene of yesterday, in tu—ve for the& readiag tha fom wUch qpedn thaof a letter from the which the and Commit- tnitfa,«adwb)ehlov«sad waerates tbalMtUatle—we cannot them ately produced it Castilla thereupon charged appearance, help couasellnghim with an agent of the revolutionary in the strongest manner to revoke its appoint- beingandthrewhimintoamuch represents New- York, and uses the City Hall, we have a fairit,;i**wi|^ „, be«d^p«ni. 8B aa ia airj liBilBt trlpwgiat^.te timmmr1Bun a appeared in the hotel at irtiieh he Im^adtde-HadBlaibbeenapoorIrish laborer,vMtoproceediaKSCharleston wuheld at ttw CoBventlaB,AboUtiop tlBoagh tha coIobm oforaweomnaBMaalry,«ad soeh ia tha Mov-Taacus.«trah^andtheradvlaaUmtoabaadaahaTSBteuii go atsMietfalDgtlatanU pay. a?l5Jf/SSci»- www.fultonhistory.com 