 6NEW YORK HERALD.^AitrmauiDtm WMXMIT HERALD,?X«~P-r«wKr?~L t^fcHl2JKiE?ai<kJ4*nri««Wo"<"•<*•«••'•••*' •"•awasaaiaw^wW*J 111 Tfthem that It is the accepted black republican influence of France, had many diaoulpatiag ex- creed. We w a n them that unless such bloodyThaMl MifcwiTifworn**wHmm••w "^-2 S^JSV^ABTT i N f M I * S» •«** ALLiTO-PAJTCBiictrrs raa iTtxnro. OP MUM)BTBLO* OULDBB. BwaSwar.-Baerstaur r u w u TH1ATM. Bowery.-Wia Uoum-trmiXMMmarriage,orothercontrollinginfluencesIt is these events that are to-day awakeningterday we published the interesting intelli- woadetful statement that "the principal ra*.«af l l W>lllfl. DOMCB. 0ABDBH. BnUwtf,Daily Presa.The unprecedented prosperity of this Westers Republic, and the great increase in every branch of commerce, manufacture and trade, hare notto that establishment—theinvention of aa Italian.Now, let us tee what an American can do in (dasrespect, as we will requirethe moat improved aad hopes of the feudal aristocracy of Europe. Ifco the reception was grand, $20,000 having been appropriated for the purpose from the city treasury. The Corporation, the members of the Legislature, the Governor, and citizens generally, paid their respocta in person, and re- ceived the guests publicly on the 2d Inst, atthe largest hall in the city; and while the express was leaving on the 3d, there was a splendid procession through the streets, in honor of these strangers from the other side of the Pacific.Now, the tact about the matteris that Pryar gullied Potter on the floor of the House,expect- ing that he would recede from a poaitieBpta. viously token; that Potter did notrsctde; that Pryor seat hiss a peremptory chaltoge; that Potter accepted it, and cbose a weapon rert common ia Pryor's section of the couBtrj; that Pryor backed out and showed a feather whiter than snow, and larger than any ersr known in any ornithological museum tines ta* deluge.iTAtuci'8 tHBaTBB, Bfoaawar.-senm. IOLasur-rapid system that can possibly be invented. With stereotyped forms we shall need four ten cylinder presses, instead of two, which we now have, so as to double our capacity and be ableLouis Napoleon endeavors, as did his uncle, to divert the course of political developement, aid merely to found a dynasty, or perhsps create a universal empire, the irresistible ten- dencies of the age will orerwhelm and crush him, as they did the First Napoleon. Even to- day the common sense of men is festive under theideathatpeaceorwar—thewealorwoof Christendom, with itsthree hundred millions of souls—hangs upon a breath from bis lips; and from the moment that the conviction be- ginstoprevailthatheisfalsetohistrustas executory legatee of the Revolution, and that beBAL—Bataara.LAOftU KOTO* THBATBB, SM Broadway.-OOLUUWailed to exercise apotent aad wonderful influenceon the newspaper press throughout the wide ex*panse of the American confederation. The intellec-tual growth of the nation has kept inch even to print forty thousand sheets an hour. With those•**••, — —n frtABiOL TatoaaT n t u Buna i r u n ._ _ _ _ —BOWUT THBATBB, Bairary.-Row* Hoos-— I f A U l *accotBrto/lheiaaogurAtionof the Clay statue at Rkhssood, Vs., on the 12th instant, with repasts of the speeches of Mr. Barbour, ex President Tyler,John H. Caekie, and other distinguished persons. AlargefireoccurredinWestTroy onSaturday night,destroyingpropcitytothevalueofabout130,000, which was parth'ly insured.Thesaltsefeattoao*Saturdaywarefight,asdeeataed toabout400tSOObales,eloatagdolloathesealsefUJic. a 11**. Aw middusg aalaada flow aaattansd sa ratatu* ssartiil was lws aetrra- tie esssfdesssad thedomestictradeandfaraapott,aiaaljta PrOTaOOCV. DOVlawaB BOVr was*sVoMer •ssaslsawr shsjaaial te Ifijtssl parts, Wfcaat waaaotrra, wh'ia prices wera without ohaags af naa- isalesduringthaweakhavabeenhag*.Osra and tower, while the sales were fair at rates given ta another place. Fork was doli sad srkws easier,with aaies of sew mess si SIT MM, thla sasssatfl7, at *19 50, aad new priaaa at *141*>, a 114 26. 8a- ware steady, w«haaleaef7*0a80SBad* OaSaa Irmly bald, but sales were limited to 27ibagsBie at Lf\ic.,aa4 60do0eylaaatl35ic. The eargo ef Bieeeldat Haaaptea Beads, te be delivered la Bala- . j , we eaderetaad, at lStfc. Freight eagageitswereaasaeratsaadralessteady.sofiurasws can, to be the locogtotfre to the great railway train of the worktamong other imprerements. w e mmown paper,sadOatofahotterdjgoripttonthaaispowerfW kingdom, as the ally and under them a BBOCOBABTS THSAT»B, 4« BMdwif.-Taw pace with the increase in its material advance- and other essential improvements, we shall beL**tutmrwtiaa. ^___^BABJrom AMBBICAH HUB!OH. BraeSway.-Daj LadBrsatag—Jaiaui 0*LM—AU. THAI Gums* ISBox flow.ITAwTS MTHSTRKIJI. MaeanW HalL 471Broad- BBTABTSway -Bcmawraa, Boast, DAacaa, Ac-Taa tnujiloaa.mentthattheliterarynecessitiesofthepeople are among the moat important to be supplied- From the throbbing heart of onr busy and thicklypopulated cities, to the d stant frontiers of the re' public,there comes—as itwere inasingle breath—the united cry for more informationpiteedinapositiontomeettheincreaseddemands of the public.With the revolution that ia going on ia the commercial and financial world—with the developement of our national resources and theAs maybe easily conceived, the Ja-panese, who were never before out oftheir own country, were delighted beyond Pryor's side is untenable for rariom reMss*. measure with the attentions and honors they Pryor, having peremptorily challenged Patter, received. Indeed,ererythingtheyeeeandhear laidhimselfopentoanytermshentigHdic- must astonfeh them. They are in an entirely tate. Under the oVl code—the geatleaaa's newworld,and mn6tcarryback to Japanan code, we mean-the challenged partyhad extraordinary account of their visit Could a always the right to magnify the dagger of the reporterwhounderstoodtheir languagebe encounter,andthechalle&gerWASboundto present at their conrersations after the various accept the terms dictated by his adversary, or receptions given them, and the difleient objects besr the reproach of cowardioe. The code of interest which they have met, what a curious presume* that when a man calls his enemy out picturehisreportwouldpresenttothereadershemeansmischief:thatbeisprepare!tomeet ef the HKRAIX ! the challenged party with any weapons used iaBAJLOOM.n D*JICM,OOOFKBIBBTITUTB.—! r*iamra a* taaa Oooat ot DaLta-Mi*NndSvealag. HOTSOBAPBL.mBro^wafv-Oaw.TOMTmvn'9E»historyo ft h ehumanrace havet h emeansour agricultural progress and our mineral wealth ment. there will be initiated a conflict of na-ofuntoldmillionsingold,silver,coal,leadaad tionsinEuropethatwillbefarmorebloodyiMAUMuai-Aflccnoa* aad rnnam*.•aw Yark,tM/OV ,<LlAHHn AH<NEW YOBK HERALD MOMUF. APWL 16, 186V-TRIPLE SHEET.Spirit e>fthe Aejr~Pregrcse of gaveCowatrj—Dwtlee Deredwlsa; • « t h e years used one mode, which exclusively belongshitherto given us for press work.cate our forms and hare more presses. There ere many modes of stereotyping BOWia use to effect this, and several hare already been offeredtous. TheLondonTunes hasforseveralit was only ten days in reaching S t Joseph, Mo. The embassy and suite had been entertainedQueen of the Sandwich Islands, owing, no Latfdoubt, to the influence of the American officers, pistol, insists on marderoua aad unusual who reciprocated the compliment b y giving a j weapons," aad he therefore bring* "thedaeil* ball o n board the Powhatan. A t Saa Francis- j into bad repute."A*—warn.orPBALS'SOaianAL andextended knowledge. Neverbefore inthe widespreadingextent of our commerce—with hasabandonedthepathofpolitical deveiope-for supplyingBATIQSTi BALOOB, Bsttoaal Taaatra.- been so abundant and so perfect as they copper, in California, Arieona and around Lake and terrible than the struggle with the ambi-ATllKWiCUH, Brooklyn—Woo**! Hunstsaia ta tworut the land almost from one extremity to the other, York, from her geographical position, will soon DLMaa,*t.—BwwTBABUALUL becomethefinancialandcommercialcentreofwe are already on the eve of that conflict.TRIPLE SHEET.The Powhatan was to have sailed for Pa- ancient or modern warfare. The first weapoa nama with the Japanese on the 5th inst, and of attack and defence we bare any account ofApril 10, I860. MAILS FOB EUS0FI.day, a full report of the harangue delivered inthe House on last Thursday week by Lovejoy, the Roanoke was to have been in waiting at is the human fist, and that atill shgro with the of Illinois, one of the recognized leaders of this bide of ihe Isthmus to receive the embassy, knife and pistol the affections of the governing the republican party, and considered as one after crossing by railroad to Aspinwall, in classes ia this country. Then came the Romasmintotering to the wants of modern journalism; and though the steam press, with its ra. id evo- lutions, is now made to cast oft printed sheets at the rate of twenty thousand an hour, the demands of the public upon the daily journals have increased in a more than corresponding ratio. For several months past we have frequentlyThe l<OTeJojr Speech.We have printed, in our impression of to-intelligenceand promulgatingBvauaaoaa, ao. are attideday. Bjitthoughthe lightning traverses Superior-with the fact that the city of New tion of the First Napoleon. It may be thatthe public will now be in a mood to considerpals and seconds in the reeent Potter and Pryor I aerchvl houses; while all other classes In the oom- a time conducted with a publicity that enables, the main question from which the whole diffi power in his own person. But a military lead-morning the correspondence between the princi- flee in terror, and public administration is forPope, combining all spiritual and temporalaflkir at Washington. It wffl 'I to fight OB the Pryor's second aft once refused to fight'* terms proposed by Col. Lander, and that the utter would agree to no other.The time for the adjournment of the State Legis- lature is not as yet definitely fixed upon. There are several important measures still undetermined. Afinaladjournment,howerer,itisexpected,will takeplacethiseveningorto-morrownoon.A bfil has passed both branches of the State Legislature essentially modifying the death penalty.Execntiona hereafter are only t o b earson, and murder in the first degree.death sentences the execution shall not take place untiloneyearaftersentenceshallhavebeen passed, nor until the issue of the Governor's war- rant.for treason, In cases ofin Europe since the subsidence of the commer-obloquy, which the speaker finds too strong for the slaveholder—he is a robber, a pirate, a ra-• I munitJv who desire to make their necessities known the banded, dynastic and aristocratic classes culty has sprung, and that is contained in theer arose, who, like Victor Emanuel in Italy,took in hand the temporal power, and is knownas the Siogun. Ever since, the Micado or spir- self fought a duel stipulating for the use of his itual, Emperor is only sovereign de jure, while own knife. Some years ago tw o persons whoon March 31, says.:—Business is very active and the liberal and absolute governments of the^^ aawasaaaawanown recognise our paper as the only channel throughwhich they may successfully advertise.to plot with advantage, and generally with par- Lovejoy speech, which is important as an em- tial success, though they hare never succeeded bodiment of the creed of the important party in recovering entirely what the popular upris- to which the orator belongs.But apart from the constantly extending business ings have deprived tbern of. But in the Mr. Lovejoy places the republicans exactly of advertisers, there are a variety of circumstances normal times of their rule, public where they belong and exactly where the Gar- which absolutely call forthe frequent,and,per- affairs are conducted as secretly as risonlansweretenyearsago. He opens with haps,permanentenlargementofourpaper. Twen- possible, and it is only by their acts adenunciationofslavery,comparedtowhichW e must dupli-cuses, all rerolriug around the idea of Italian liberty, and th* English liberals were content tooverlookIts possible connectionwithotherand revolutionary sentiments are properly re- buked at the polls, the republic is not worth thepaperuponwhichtheconstitutionaadlawsnaturallyb eexpected, c ynowordinarilyused. Todothiswemastharsssto andpurelyFrenchschemes. Buttheannexa- arewritten. That'salLor more good paper mill*. Aad, ia pasting, wemsyaaythatanypersonsharmgmill*forsale-first andthenaturalresultk to awaken suspicionsclassmills,cspabiaofBtahiagfromonehundred to one hundred sad flfly thousand sheet* of psfsroftheexistencewithLouisNapoleonofde-Arrival oftil*Japanese Esabaasr, Aboutaweekagowepublishedaaaccount of the arrival of the Japanese steam corvettetion of Saroy and Nice has no such excuses,signs of national aggrandisement for France, orofthesiceoftheBBBALDperday—arerequested ofthepursuitofapolicyofuniversalempire Candlnmarruh atSan Francisco—an avant ter—-tosendtotheproprietorof thisjournalaa ao- couat of the capacity of the mills, their terms of sale, and other necessary information. S o much for the first improvementIa the next place it will be necessary to stereo- type our forms. The new system of distribution by esrly railroad trains greatly shortens the timeforhisfamilybythecreationofminoraadde- courrierannouncingtheadventoftheembassy Oneofthesejournalshasaa article—of&. pendent kingdoms, allied to his dynasty by from the empire of Japan to Washington. Yes- incomprehensible school-ia which re&& *the world; and with the improvements lamechanical art and science which are crowdingupon us with the rapidity of thought—it becomesa positive necessity that organs of public opinion—the independent press of the metropolis—shouldadvance with the progress of the day. Such are of the most prominent men on that side in order to convey it direct to Washington. So sword; afterwards the long broadsword of theCongress. pleasedwerethe Japaneseofficials withtheir Crusaders;and,astheworld became more Thespeech,whichshouldbecarefullystudied treatment on board thePowhatan that they elegantaadeffeminate,therapier,whichcame byeverycitizenwhowishestomakehimself expressedadesiretohavethatshipwaitfor inunderHenriQuatre.andistothisdaythe ThaEuropeanmallswilleloaatathacitytomorrowaf- acquaintedwiththedoctrinesoftherepubli-thematPanamatotakethembacktotheirrgcognizedduellingweaponinFrance.The TheNewAttitudeoftheKstgllatoBflmla- canparty,plainlyandclearlystated—without nativeislands. Theyintendtostayamonth rapierisasortofElzirireditionoftheRoars*, t i j - L o n l i Napolcon a a d tola Relations the sophistical turnings aad twistings of Sher- on the Atlantic side of the republic, and will, sword, and the bowie knife is not ualiae theTb« Hew York HarevM—BSdltlaw twr founditnecessarytoissuetriple sheetsoftheTtieCuaardmailsteamtihlpNiagara,CaptainAnderson, NKW YOXK HKBALO; andduring the lasttwo and in the accomplishmentof this design,we•uiteareBaataaonWednesdayforLiverpool. weekswewerecompelledtogivethemfivedaysin shallendeavortoperformourduty.ternoon,athalt-pastoneo'clock,tagobyrailroad,aadat seven.Sogreathasbeenthepressureuponour rour o'clock, to go by •teamboat. columns of advertisements and foreign and domesticThe Brtormut gomoa or tan Baauia wffl be pubOabad intelligence, that we could accommodate the pub- at u* o'clock hi the morning Stogie copies, to wrap- lic in no other way. The HKIUI.D again appearsati seats.i aad adrerttoeiaeata far aay edition of the on a triplicated sheet to-day, and in all probabilityto Europe. man, or the subtle involvements of Seward—It is erident to the careful observer that all gave rise to a very acrimonious debate; and will probably be extended much longer, when J Antony. The Roman sword was twenty incheste Baseman--day this week. It is not improbable, in fact, that our triple sheets will, in a short time, altogether supersede the ordinary double sheet w e hare heretofore published. The necessity for thisBtraa. TeeDa Cbapeanronge A Co.af the Bsaonua EDRKBI or t n £bouu> enlargement is imperative. In proportion asthe aewa reoerred by mall aad telegraph at the prosperity and intelligence of the peo-dertog tha prwrtooa week u d up to the boar of ple are expanded, the newspaper press mustexpand with them. The wide and increasing cir-The secrecy with which diplomacy and Stats affairs are managed in Europe deprives thewill see how American kings are made, in a manner so different from their own.fection for five pound bowies, the blades of which might be fourteen or sixteen inches ia length. So the bowie knife is not a vulgar in- strument On the contrary, it is rlaside The only objection to it is that it is very much pa- tronized by border ruffians and members of>willbereoetvadatthafoliowingptooeaweshallbecompelledtoissuetriplesheetseverysomegreatcomingevent,whichthosewithin onthebrinkofaterriblerow,which could alittlesoonertheymighthavebeentakento thirty-six,andColonelBowiemadehiselegaatthe circle of dynastic Intrigues and Stato have ended only by an appeal to arms, which the Charleston Convention; but if they are too article between a hunting knife and a sword,secrets foresee, but which 1Bnot yet apparent are so loosely worn by members that occa-i tow, Son * Ob., 4T Ladgata Hill. I,Starr* Oa., 74King WilliamBaldwinACo..$pteoeJe1*Btmrae. , Bhwr A Oo., No. 9 Caapel streetB, 8toartLl0 KichaAj, «tr*et, East.Lansing, Baldwin * Co., 31 rue Cornallle.tothepubliceye.late for that, they will be in good time for the with a wide blade ten inches in length. sionallyarevolverfalls uponthefloorofthe BaltimoreandChicagoConventions,wherethey Colonel Lander, it appears, had an af-Ttoe sTews. culation of the HXBATJ) has very naturally broughtWe are enabled to lay before oar readers this us the lion's share of the advertisements of com- i epresentatives of the remnants of feudalism mer has had his feathers handsomely clipped,The Emperors of the Japanese—for theyhave two at the same time—are hereditary; onea spiritual ruler, residing at Niako, and theother a temporal sovereign, reigning at Jeddo.The original Emperor was the spiritual, believ- Congress.thedutieswhichdevolveupontheAmericanpress;the Powers of Europe are preparing to meet at one time during its delivery, the House wasthey find us *o civil to them. Had they arrived long, the broadsword sometimes thirty-two to- House. During t h e ten days that have elapsed since the debate, the attention of the country great maee of the people of any influence in has been drawn to a very ludicrous passage at the control of events that directly affect their arms between two members who participated present and future interest?, except when some in the disturbance; but as the bully from Vir-great uprising of the masses takes plaoe. as in ginia found more than his match in the san- 1793, in 1830 and in 1848. At these times the guinary member from Wisconsin, and as the for-In this country, at any jate, there ia no rea- son why the invention of Colonel Bowie should be ruled out of the list of duelling weapons, because there is no fixed weapon used exclu- sively in such encounters. The Colonel himslow aad irregular; now the agency of steam deduced. These feelings have been vfrf *ct've There is no term of reproach, no expression of respect to American intercourse, and the send- States where the code is recognized,fcuchen-held a much higher position in Virginian soci- and only consults the Micado regarding ety than Mr. Pryor can ever hope for, namely, relations with foreign Powers. T h e dif- Messrs. Ritchie a n d Pleasants, fought with ficulty of the position, both of the bowieknives,andnoonesaiditwasvulgar. ty years ago communication with Europe was that their hopes and fears can be Partially the outpourings of Wendell Phillips are mild. Emperor defacto and his administration, with In Mississippi, Louisiana, California, aad othercounters are common.ry to their ancient tows and usages, may bedailycommunication.Thesubmarinetelegraphic otherconsiderations. Theyreachedaclimax visher,afiendincarnate,adevilinhell,acri- estimatedfromthefactthatwhentheadminis- South. TheSouthsustainedMr.Breckinridgeand the great improvements in the science ofing of an embassy to the United States, contra-ocean navigation bring us into weekly and almostcial panic of 1867, which for a time subdued allThis view o f the matter must b e taken b y thewhen, on New Year's Day of 1859, Louis Napo- minal who is to be dealt with according to the tration proposes any important measure, and wires, now connecting nations, aad indeed con- leon saluted the Austrian Ambassador with Mosaic law. If the slaveholder could carry cut the Emperor vetoes it, the matter is referred to The bill regulating the rates of wharfage on tinents, will yet abbreviate this distance, as they words of anger. Then the world knew that his theories, he would (according to Lovejoy) three princes of the blood, his nearest kinsmen.when he accepted the challenge of Mr. Cutting and chose rifles. Mr. Cutting declared that the rifle was a c t a gentleman's weapon, and thatvessels in this city and Brooklyn has been signed hare already done, and, annihilating time and war between Austria and France was a thingevery twenty-four houra; on all vessels over twoconvert the Supreme Being "into an infiniteIf they agree with the Emperor, the' membershe never discharged one in his life.ridge adhered, however , and there was a o fight. The South is, of course, aa much opposed as the North to the way in which some members,bytheGovernor,andisconsequentlynowatow.space,bringChina,JapanandAustralia,asThe new rates are as follows:—On every vessel of well as Europe, to the doors of New York. the bolt, and failed. During the rapid progress omnipotence ankle deep amid the crushed and ripping up their own bowels : but if they doJuggernaut, rolling the huge wheels of histwo honored tons and under, one cent per ton for Steam lines are everywhere being extended, of Louis Napoleon in the Italian campaign, mangled and bleeding bodies of human be- not agree with the Emperor, then be is com-resolved on. The class interests strove to parryof the administration are compelled to die byand railway enterprise is being developed with they hopefally labored for a general war ings." They Christianize Africans through the pelled to abdicate the throne in favor of his like Ashmore and Pryor, talk fight, and then hundred tons, and one quarter of a cent for every an activity never known before. Already w e sgainat him, when the peace of Yillafranca whip, the stake and the torture, and deserve no next heir, for a Japanese Emperor never re- manage to wriggle out when there ishundred tons, one cent per ton for the first twoton over that amount. Outside vessels are required see the distant slopes of the Pacific and the startled the world with the exhibition of his better fate themselves than that which they tracts his opinion.any danger to their precious skins.to pay half the above rates. The bill contains other provisions which will be found of great utility to the shipping interestfears. The next erent, which has opened a deal out to their slaves. After paying thesecompliments to the South, Mr. Lovejoy proceed- ly communion with the cities of the noble Missis- sudden commercial treaty with England, and ed to endorse the Helper Book. He wasThus inwas givenupon the principle held in the Craves and C&lej affair—(Graves was the second of Webb when Cilley refused to fight)—was quite read| to meet Pryor, or his second, with any weapons they might select; but they had been quite near enough to a fight with a plucky man,and Pryor -kink out of the afiair in the most pitiable way. There is nothing in this world so mean, so contemptible, and at the same time so much an object of compassion, as a crest-fallen,detected,exposed,snubbedbully. Nohole ought to be too small for such a fellow as Pryortocrawlinto,andhidehisheadfromthe sight of all decent men. Hi* apologists might as well go along with him.EXTRAoKij»iXAnv Dt«t«VKBiE& KTTHECorona iNVESTiOATrNO COMMITTEE.—We directed atten- tion a week ago to the ridiculous and absurd questionsoftoeForney-Haskin-Corodecom" mittees.whichwere gotten up to manufacture a little political capital for the black republi- cans and to divert attention from the stigma placed on the party by the John Brown raidauriferous regions of California in almost week-riew of the same feeling totiv>world, was hisThe triumph of American diplomacy in Ja- pan, therefore, must be regarded as one of the greatest on record. The Engliah would harePryor's case every to the challenger.chance Lander,The files of Havana papers received by the Em- sippi. Energy, skill and determination are labor- abandonment of the old iiscal policy of Fiance - in favor of its theory to organize a been delighted if they could have induced pire City contain no news of any local interest; ing with universal accord in the cause of human a step eridently intended to create a closer party in the Blare States to over- the Japanese government to send an em-they are for the most part engaged in discussing grandeur and civilisation; and on each succes- union between the Napoleonic dynasty and the throw slavery. He believes in the abolitionthe afiair of the captured steamers, which AtMcon-tinues to be an exciting and all-absorbing topic- sive triumph which they obtain the pillars middle classes, who live by industry and trade, of the peculiar institution,-by any means, fair vernment, though bordering the empire ofbassy to Loudon. The powerful Russian go- The Diarw de fa Marina of the 7th tost gives of the republic are strengthened, and the in riew of coming danger. Clo->ely following or foul. He believes in nigger stealing in all Japan, could never succeed in obtaining com*hfiramon government. The correspondence alluded to, which we publish in full ia another column, contradicts the statements of the Vera Cruz papers ia regard to the advantages gained by thefederalists or Juarea party ia the interior of the republicOurcorrespondent atMayague/.P.R,writingwho.-e country has been so long locked up from I Saroy and Nice, and lastly, the recent epoech the world—hare been so much enlightened And I of Lord John Russell in the British Parliament,brotherhood of man looms up in more glorious this ftep came the news of Austria pouringIts branches. His theory is war—eternal war— upon slavery, wherever it exists.the reasona f6> abandoning the siege of VeraCruz in the words of Miramon'a minister, who magnificence. The exclusive nations of the Eastern j cannon and materials of war into the fortressessa)* it was owing chiefly to the loss of the steam- of the historic quadrangle, the recruitingera, and then to the want of provisions and am- world are also bending before the spell of Chris- ! and arming of the* legioBS of the Pope, if it is carried out, it means insurrection, revo- munition. Thesamepapersaysthelastnewsfrom its correspondent, as well as the journalsreceived from Vera Crui, are silent in regard tothe rumored decree against American citteeos,which the New Orleansjournals attributed to the manufactures, and even the jealous Japanese— j pursuit by Louis Napoleon of his policy in ficed in making an experiment, more or lessmercial intercourse with it; and with the excep- tion of the Chinese, whom the Japanese despise, and the Dutch, of whom they have no very ex- alted opinion, they do not trade with any other nation. ThecomingoftheJapaneseembassy to exchange a treaty of commerce is a great eventinmodernhistory—anewera openedby American enterprise. There is no denying thefact that in the East, including both China and Japan, the American government has got the inside tiack of all other Powers. The Japa- nese trade is a prize to the United States eagerly coveted by other nations-a prize whote importance can hardly be overrated, when viewed in connection with our acquisi- tion of California, directly opposite the islands of Japan, the railroad across the Isthmus of Panama, and the rapid communication now es- tablished between the Pacific and Atlantic sea- boards. Then Japan is the stepping stone totiancivilisation.Ourpacificdiplomacy,morepow-jthe jealousy of Prussia' Simulating the lution,civilwar.Itmeansthattheprosperity, erful than the sword, has opened the portals of j protest of Switzerland, the excommunion of the progress and the material interests of thethe Celestial Empire to American commerce aad i Victor Emanuel, the abnegatory and cautiousliorating the condition of the black man held instructed by the example which this country eridently indicating the rising up, even in to service in the South. That is the doctrinehas given to nations, that they hare broken England, of new fears of the French Emperor. expressed in the Helper Book, endorsed bythe enchantment antiquity, and,of customs hoary withto the astonishment ofThus we perceive the general preralence John Sherman and sixty other republican mem- among European dynasties and diplomatists of bers of Congress; that is the religion ofsition of affairs there will show that there is vessels in request There is a large quantity of other hemisphere, there fa at this moment an reason for this.augar-say 2,000 hogsheads, aad 3,500 hogsheadsmolasses are in store, waiting for vessels to ship tothe United States aad England. At S t Johns and the capital of the United States. other ports there are large quantities of sugar and•olaasea for shipment at paying prices to shipowners. Tha weather ia very favorable, aad thefgroaiag cane looks well, with a heavy crop inprospect J rj y ^ T £ "? r m < m T***ttoj morning the r S a ^ t k ! " * ^ ^ • * * « • * J-Sou?Sablltt TZZJ* > - »*de on the pre- rious S*»»bath in reference to the refusal of theembassy of Japanese dignitaries on their way toWith all these changes in the relations ofnation* aad people, and with the surprising advancemsnt which our commercial relations have is the position occupied by Louis Napoleon. necessarily obtained, it would be idle to suppose He is the executory legatee of the rerolution. that the NA W Yosx UBBALD could remainsta Modern absolutism is only the transition fromall Asia.the entrepot of the new commerce, and on thetionary. Our business has increased in such an extraordinary degree that the world does notaristocracy to democracy. The sutocrat LouisNapoleon 1* the intimate ally of the people;next November. Seward, Lovejoy andHelper have furnished the shibboleth for Japanese, being, with few exceptions, the gation of the facts as to the use of moneytotare oa the •Dissolution of the Utofea." Tha paper press. To meet and supply thisreverend gestlemsa stated that ha had spoken expansion of our business, we must neces- commons, and to maintain the whole Stateundernriscosceptioa.andremarkedthathedesired •srfiy makenewsadmore extensive arrange sgsinsttheactivepowerofthenoblesandthe to"takeback"thoseremarksasBurastheyre- n»nt*.Aa,inobediencetotheimpulsiveapiritof hierarchy.Itisinthisvocationthathisments,inwhichtheyseektoimplicatethePre- sident and the Cabinet.lated to the trustee*. A report V his remarks b givea elsewhere hi oar paper to day.Thislatter committee hasfoundoutvery These are the irresistible logical deduc- the East; and the day is not far distant when, it claims and immense fuss which it has BB^»-A series of opes sir religious exercise*, whichare to be eontuaaed throngk the summer months, fare and were commenced yesterday at the corner of Worth Bid of street and Cow Bar, by the Rcr. Dr. Hogs, of the meet Brkk ehureh. The measure was originated by thedaatructioa ; ao moat we call la the be difficult, however, to find ia this great tact a republican orators, of whom Lovejoy is by their communication with the United States, They have ascertained that money was used hgenial BuperiaaawdeatoftheFivePointsHouseofIndus- ^^^^•^^^W^otoement Greaand mechanical skill tological reason for the erident suspicions of the type. That his speech represents the they will vindicate tha* relative position to the the Pennsylvania election; that it wa* raised toLord John Russell, although it satisfactorily_ of civilisation, accounts for tha hatred of tha British torias. improvementsiapriuttog^ ,,^ J ThereasonsforthesuspicionsoftheEnglishprinciples of his party there can b e no doubt continent of Asia, and become its great mari- New York, and paid out under the orders The Ihlunf has fully endorsed It, and it is sug- time Power. They will adopt and extend our of the Chevalier Forney, who is now thw gested in that journal that two millions of civilization, and all European nations will right hand man and cashier of the repub- copiesofitshouldbeprintedforfree circula- derive extensive benefitfromthisrevolution. licans. ForneyisanotherStMatthew,sittingIt|asei.seofcomiugdanger Aglanceatthepo-Wendell Phillips; that is the political creed ofWilliam H. Seward, Abraham Lincoln, CassiusM.Clay, Frank P.Blair, aad other leaders ofthe republican party. The principles evolvedby these republican high priests are the sameas those put forward by Lovejoy. The. lattermay be a little more vehement in his language,and highly colored in his style; but the theoriesupon which his speech ia founded are other New York, connecting the distant East employes, and persons who have held officetiusteemeofPlymouthc<h&u»rc•h* •t«ogran"tt«h.M "f,theMBisHiPhffl,,. ? & £ £ £ toseizeonthegovernmentforhimselfandhis poorwhitesoftheSouth. GerrltSmithfollowselections; the other committee is at work uponThe course of events has led the people of Europe to the conviction that in their struggle with the feudal aristocracy they need the as- sistance of a powerful and skilful leader to help them to complete their rictory. Thisand theworking to discover some corruption in toefamily, his vocation is to raise the class of thethe extent of their islands, measuring morethandoublethoseofGreatBritainandIreland,allcombinetomakethemtheBritishempireof little,consideringtheunlimitedpowerwhish• • ***, the Handing armies sad navies of Europe labors awaken tha fears of the dynasties*a forced to adopt new weapons of war- snd the aristocracy of Europe. It will tions from the views advanced by the by their knowledge of arts and arms, acquiredMr. Covode s party is to a Mill worse pUghttry aad it ia anticipated that much good wffl resultto the Inhabitants of that locality. tew fpeed must be acquis w e B M » L liberals must be sought elsewhere, and we tion during the campaign. So much will the world become indebted to the receipt of political customs, aad making n»In oar paper thi* morning we give an interesting ahead of tfce pregre« of the aan ••* . * P ! h f a k ihe* w f f l ** f o u n d 'm * * AoTi c}uin * Our comment upon this speech is very brief the energy of the greatest republic of ancient doubt, a very good thing out of It AccordingUntitled Documentendeavor, i , » recent er*nta. The erection of Sardinia into a Wo spread it before the people. W e show or medern times.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Now, we all know what this theory means :whiteman,NorthandSouth, are to besacri-hazardous, for the ostensible purpose of ame-unquestionably those upon which therepublican party must go to the countrywith the nations of Europe,The superior intelligence and courage of theunder the administration. The duties of the Covode committee are confined to the Investi-theparty,»ndthatistheabolitionofslaveryby bravest of Asiatic nations; their population, with his negro insurrections. More John tion andthedifficult navigation of theirseat*;andthoughhispersonalobjectmaybemerelyoffamishanyparallelinthehistoryofthenews- whichisaboutfortymillions;theirinsularposi-theallegedfraudsandrascalitiestothedepart-Browns sprirg up on the border, and the land isdelugedinblood.u:igence of the arrival, on the 27th of March, of the embassy itself, in the United Stales steamwhy Potter want* to kill Pryor, or ftnf J? ter. is that one has b e « elected by Wackla"the mutual fears of all Europe, impelling Aus-tria and the Pope to arm, Prussia to exhibit a frigate Powhatan, at the city of the "Golden publicans sad the other not," aad that Zlively sensitireness, Lord John Russell to giro Gate." The date of the news—the first brought black republicans are responsible f*r tha haexpression to bis suspicions of Louis Napoleon, and forcing the latter back into the true path of historic developement, in a closer al- liance with the commercial and industrial classes. His practical suppression of the na- tional liberty of Sardinia, and his practice of the policy o f dismembering nations—both o f which are put in evidence in the proceedings in regard to Savoy and Nice—have awakened the fears of the people aad given life to theby the Pony Express—ia the 3d ot April, aad thatPryor behaves like a blackguard, ftwwith knives was atrocious asd savage a w magnificently at Honolulu by the Slag aad "shows that he has ao taste." Potter,of course, visit New York. Their visit weapon used by the armies of Ca-sar and Marced to be descended from the gods—a sort ofthe temporal ruler Is sovereign de fado,On one side San Francisco will befederalsummoned as witnesses a number of publicM g*V»*paperagoBa^slly aRode to the ruifcuiauT* cowardly wa> b which Pryor « « * * * JT) hisdifficultywk»Potteriasackten**u £ conduct of the Vk^nia* Bebadil deser^ One or two of the w'sser democratic or***, however,attempttoBato*nf*etuxe**««W J apologies for hiss, hot they only make the Buttheroa, that Mr. Potter's proposition to fir*toUBf*» 9«iet, grotieaaaly pop with aThe objection to the chosen weapoamaJa byHelperbook. Bothcommittees aregovernmentexecutivebranch, andto one witness-PUtt, of PhUadeiphia-FortieyBreckin-new*. www.fultonhistory.com 