 8JXm^t^'^^kmm, Mtnha^, fdmatfj^, «he Taltoaa;'Majesty's—Ko. 36 Essex-street, where than the^abine prince of old, and divide with hands of her own people. She made com- coast for information, had, in many instances, don, 60 days' sight, 14 to 1431 premiamvoice, laekkg as yet the confidence whlob eipertence€vm. HIW-TOBK. lf»in>AT, FEB.oftheforcethathisIhUeztreoialypacific attUoda,89tmoUitC muchbelowtbeiUAMIMin^^T3|C8Kfe-l(n1iCntilafuajWky.aBKMt- ^a>CBDvaais, WepresumehewillgraduallyMttliti|hdiplo-IbrOaUlWratm. VOBCALiFOmNiA,dwignod" havestyledthemaelTea theeldestsonsofthedeter-dication of insanity to suggest doing their duty,worst. Any dodge, or arrangement, or bargain, warrior, whose behavior had so offended Mathew thinks there is great error in that esti-for cirCTi-tlMlialli nfKMSAAmiTicM. CalUbml*, Oregon, WaA- mined to make this honor his own aof all armsprevious, mate, inquiries leading him to believe that the re said to have had the effect «ftisevidently;thonsaad.Isidss the eanraa of.^gpim JMttah ColtuabU and the Sandwleh Iitaoto, than aby strongertraditional title. He is mani- or compromise, seems better in their eyes thansaintly eyesthree months his-Mt ««*»»olnf »oo»pWt»J)lge»«ofAii»ncMBT«BU mA Sv«rtB to Kymf during the pu* fortnlgU, win be J»««d T«» (Mo»day) Mounw, la Ui-mmelyfestins towards the Church, in the person ofdischarge plainWhat if they try this new plan for once, and more alacrity.Ptrugia was on the frontierthose of their The con- opponents 14,000. navy,S00,000 votes.nblieans, led by Coron, of PeaBsjlrMia, aad Jsapto UiM for the (tMBdUpi«n> £^U> wUek (^ f>r Aipixwdl kt 1 P. M. and in the face of a storm of such poignant ob- The Matt uliuM at ttM Pa«t-afle« at 1 o'clock. loquy as only priests and women have the giftadminister their offices with a view to the catching of thieves, and nothing else ?tected and a ;bodyInon the well-known, Coaatt- 'ees which shall have the PieeMent aad his actloD axltttT«e,«UbaHMonrortlie Contett , and in saving the Catholic world from the scandal, and mankind fi-om the misfortune, of a new war «f religious passtaos, kindled in tbeAOADUT or MBBIO-I Piruusi.WALLtXm THSUXK—Tn BoaAKOl or A Pots ytmn ia».HUTUt 6ABDXK—OUTiE Twist.LAUBA KEKMI'S TH£ATRE-jEum OlA«l, 01 THI (ButorMD-LoTsua.aiBI/I'S •ARDIH—C««si'> SoTU Axramuiu K^mnrn TBosn.nW BOWXBT TBKATBB—Thui Fast Mm- SxAT* Saoaan.BABinnrS mrsimc—AtteraooB-FAiKT Hut Nxtu VmitAiBLasx—OutGcodluoe,E8(t.—KTenlng—Tu OttOMOI.IM4DVAT BOUDOQt—CoiosT, Fauh ass Uuucal Mbubcb.the through longwMngsUaun SilOOK—GaoMB Omnr'a Xnrtniu.rXLACBajkBDlK-TAHAmoiohItCc'iHnAania. righteous,thoughsevereretribution. Thelet-unhe IKE^KTS OF THE DAY.A aeries ot Saropean anivali, of which that ofpain-half of a lund-hearted soldier.But they weretbe mines in Guanajuato is mainly attributable totke Atit at this was the portup, efiected great and lasting improvements in the bUs and the use of cyorlast, placesna ta posseeuon of foreign advices to Jan. plainest and most affecting terms, hia actualrather the ade- worUngofthemines,andInthe\malgamating use,tocarryoutthatscheme.Thlsis.tobetheinadtanatiaf. The Emperor Napolioit has an- positionDOnaced by a letter addressed to H. Focld his new tenure of his earthly dominions far moremanner he shall exercise it, are questions, notCommittee, and will have on U Ihc best talaat fa fikaThis will prove a thnadei.«tnike at the Whitedcaiie to enbatitote a system of.Trade for the narrow protective principle which l«a heretofore governed French commercial in-of right, but of expediency, which society has to decide, not so as to please everybody, bnt so as to secure its own happiness and_saiety. Whenthisobjectis besttareauiae;and intimates his todesign inaugarateThe mascnline directness of mind with whichmaster-pieceway, defendedtba new economical era as early as may be con-aistaot with africultntal development. At theman has addressed himselfaccomplisedbyhe hates every one of thembe sent out In the uionitng of Us power are eoalafsame time, the fact of a commercialcity foreignby mercenariescivilians,Mexico in imposing heavy duties on English cot-tons in order to protect their own manufactures, of his own state bed. latfals eonaeetlaa Ae Tioo'ciprocity between France and England having beennegotiatedisaffirmed; sothattherelationsofthetwo coontries, it is understood, will be relieved atactingonesofezcessiTerestrictions.Thechangehasbeen pointand interest to this .historical docu- greatto the obedience of legitimate authority." In unlimited means for producing it themselves. ""a»ri Kngland. By these arrivals we are also furnish- in theed with a remark able letter addressed by the FrenchofSovereigns extremely downrightwithsaBt. It consists in the abandonment of thetifiable. We deny them the saffrage, simply because we think, whether lightfy or wrongly, whattoat we this clerical notion of tion, adoptand to the Republicans. perfectly salubrious,; but the presumption is that with the aid of theKing, and the now openly-acluiowledged sympa-to thedle with the heritage of Peter, the Sovereignofis said to have been one of the first to suggest thisapproximateFree- solid than all the dotations ofand all the confirmations of Pbpin, imaginable.treatyof re-un-back to towards roost,eveabif,oathe fOded testerprotective of general satisfaction both in France ment. Its tone is altogether wi&oot precedentdiscussing the assault on toe hotel at which Few countries in the world," he says, are more 'of JoHB Shxuab, Is now aeknowledfsdand to-day;since thoseof afiiis in Central Italy, ascribing it by no in- of the middle ages, when Philip lk Bkl statedthe Perkins' werestaying,weredulysolemnised. ThejointBtaipeior to the Pope. In it he deplores the state—adiversiontoeohstitnteJomMimaBen. for Batss. FoBHin Is tlie oaster-cialleBnn of be windows aad roof of the building." Now, even tion, and on all the table lands of moderate eleva- coalition, and has gone over, heart andaool aad body,Bomagna, upon condition, to oe guaranteed by the6rsst Powers, of undisturbed property in the re-TM«'»i"gStates. Withwhatreceptionthisdecisivemeasoie met, we are not informed. From Sar-dinia we tiava word tliat the Bstazzi ministryhas -lasigned, and that Coont Gatoitb has ringingbeeo snnunoned to form a new cabiaet. It tions of M. Louis Yeuillot still threatening is uncertain whether he will prove successfulof Hapolbox m., he will be able to surroundand sustain himself with the proper political in the world " the truth in love''thyiorces. Bninoisofnewandconfidentialments between Austria and Russia are rife, bnt lack condrmation and probability. In England,liament, and for the discussion of the MinisterialBeform bill immediately after the opening. The a kind of proud humility to the reasons whichgoes to show not taking precautions some days in advance previous returns, he assumes that there is an an-aeveral meetings of the shareholders of the Great £a*tem resulted in a vote adverse to the Boardled him at ViUafranca to conclude a peace un-reply, foreigner traveling territory of His Holiness, with a passport enmahogany, dyewoods, Ac; and imports of a simi- terested friend. Shivering In aoUtnde and age—de- lar amount, of which about one-half consists of serted by the parasites who licked his ftet that heof Directorsand theof a Commit-The additional news &om transactions of the forThe point on which the advocates ofthe State of New-York would be made hap- reliance either on their discipline, or humani- and the Central American States.;God,"much-injured,now by the Pa- against the Austrl-;appointmentand the remainder less old man, who sees the mischief he has plettedhad beenIndia, and Chma is of slight interest.fimn the authorities. Gen.rushingback to hiauM :—«a^ plaguerejected.world,wisdom. With the utmostThe news fiom Havana the which by Cahawba,pier, richer, or more prosperous or tranquil,It,abolishing property quali- Ificatlon of colored voters, were made the specialAustrian, the Frenchman or the Swiss an in-the leadermovement,in Italianreform, on theto The news prejudices join in the a day or two before the departure of the City of WiuiAM Goas Od8XI.it was in that city recslrtng Into any unfairBess.oitJer for Friday next.trusion and an impertinence;heexpress ground Baltimore. Mr. Mathew commences bymarksd attentions from the authorttlss.Gen^ Su-WarsawwUoktenetnentkooaein Bhn-street. Portions of twobe vents him from carrying out, m the way he de- On sired, the instructions received from the Foreignthis same ground he expressly proclaimedaitMr tat U faduring to decide whetherItellans,consequently,FaAaa Is a middle-bcighted, ptamply-tgased genttemaii,boxeswere of old crop. OAers are accepted by holders for orange-red beard, oaly diaved on tbe apper lip ;bodtes were also foundtheand that,could not assail them with camal weapons.afternoon, they belonged to ma'es oc tanales. All the remains were taken <tO the FoaiCMnlh Ward Police Station, to await the tiuraosr's action, but they are too muchcity was good.gcoAB BtASxn.—But little doing on account of lighton theCoogrcssisoal stage.v«(7 youag.. with a.impossiblemightlost forever. But something,all than the world in this nineteenth centuryBxrbamo, imitatingTEE FLOOE FEOI TEE GiLlElIES. the duties of cormorant aliens, deserves to be No new evidence was adduced. The speeches of Election of Clerk and ScrgeaBt-tt-irmi.to oftheiridentification. Itisnow cancaretoseehim - cham-d pennitis still withinhisto wheth- Pope say^ 'hr|iy»'^l tliat the number of lives lost will not ez-•csod ISO, as SoMMMV Brixlbibb, his wife, and grasp.believe that, owing to the total interruptionweek, 2,1003)twomaa's;ate eliUtbaa,iOM, Im>^ tiOlt found atLsnnxB distributed them. Coffmirr Jmjwmam will commence an investigationof tlic rase this morning,A sd accident occnrred at tlte V<dks Gsrtei^youngswelled the ranks of the volunteer levies.tbe opinion that the number of foreign residents "Bfe bear aa "safe" arepota- Mbh's earned in the walk»of com^Satni^r SeitaailtAl' this time the Pope and Antonelli were pray-ahd tbi Yodxo CattniAi Asiocunos.—Ths Young Hen's ChrlstUnwm probably in public aoB as he has heretofopsTHTiiBLXT,with reference to the—heirHaigxBi., the wife of a musician employed"the Commissioners, reveals the facttdutytheir kingdom was notin lae orchestra, i'om the stage to thebargain" between Mr.of this of scheme to it."up ingilt facings,having made a rope ascensiongallery, was in the actBU'lipingvo-wiatantly set on fire. Although assistanceworld, and the failure everypromotehouses who do aot there. belongdo not princi-back and clectro-piated sliverdownt».. ein contact withthere is at least thesampleof upon the stage, when her dressWooo andthat, if there be not a bargafai,an arrangement by which we presumeMayor atom,of Mexico,onepeaxlput forwardone of the foot.lights and immediately afforded, she sustained such—of the entire division of the land among thevu^severe Uijunes that death ensued in aboutfomiah hisbelllg-ex-The roll«all is sowten accident. Coroner Jackmah yes-few Bptnish conquerors.to sumader hi* or the sculptor his afflee,appear*liours after theterday held an inquest on the body, and the jurywill andsioners will, on their part, permit him onesarra^ige-All thisthe Constitution may take notice with quite as much justice as age, or color, or place ofThe President is to be poorsycophants and zealots are pres'sing so madly upon his de- all parties were preparing for the opening of Par- struction. Napoleon once more reverts withat thisThe loyalty of the Democratic heart will compel it torivaled, as we believe history will one day tee of Inquiry. Renewed offers from Kt. Lxybk prove it to have been, among the diplomaticregie,is botmd to secure himself—by flight English goods, one-fifth of American, the same might drop crumbs upon them a hapleia and hope-the example of his predecessor. Gen. Concha, from the gate of Saint John Lateran, as inwas vigorously prosecuting public improvements. that year of sorrows and humiliations andEminence'sexpositionof the laws ofwar,The trial of Stephens was concluded to-day.uyeraaynsiwlm,!Chnreh." Nafolbohm.53,809theirthe honest of a obligation. could not have taken the field with forces of that party do not exceed 23,000, andOn these ondneled,andtbeaedirectssaanltaonthePretldeatchaaging imn Ifcaaher Head, aof the mostsisting of a steamer and two or threeof Swiss mercenaries, the in the hands of the Constitutional Government.Taking example firom this, we lean that Oc Ke-filialAritic ud «*rt»- exalted character. At great trouble to himself,inaitovtwrvpor,rudrf>rmaU- ofraininguponthosewhodifferfromthorninequallymonstrous in the hands of a Christian Mr. Hathsw "The immense re- ful—the otrender, as in Todcst's case, ^il i»H«*mw«rtbep«|>*r,|i^4«Mtaaeaii7. Afmti will Mod in thrir o(d«nophiion, the French Emperor persereres in keeping up for Fio Nono a temporal thronefull report of the «trnc|lt fw Out tpaakuiUp of the floaae of Bepre-It was resistance, and was thenTMBp^gwititaiaOBltliicwhlphtunable headlong into the Tiber within a week,tothesex. Mrs.LucT went S|pK£wiih self in the main to the considerattM of tbelegal ImpediMBBtr toiwaa'afitftured after ationableand it bemay unhesitatingly;asserted thatandmostmanlymeaBsofcattingdownthe evil aad at all its branches.odious attempt to proverighttoof him who Christ.Thoseproperty.country prosperousgovern wrongtom.The mention of Hessians recalls inother In Post-offices,ment will have to beperditiondynast^sweeptemperate"Jxiosprinted In black letters on a yellow gronad,—the esLpracticalpietyof the revolted Territory, and was almost unpro-gun-boats,isin France, Ireland and America, whohave of late been insulting the understandingof the world with their clamor for" the sup- pression of Italian liberty as an essential con- dition of their own spiritual peace and free-rightto the fiill and possession enjoy-dom, will clearly owe it to III.,to him alone, that their foolish words do notandtheyowedtheirownpreservationfrom ofGuanajuato,inbothofwhichsomeEnglishin- "that we may promise Mrs. Stone, aa faras this of her case Is concerned, an portitnearly and an easy victory. But when we are askedtogivetheelectivefranchisetoeveryadult female, as a right, we are under the fulnecessityofcommencingthediscossioaby denying that anybody, either man or woman,has any abstract right whatever to vote at elec-3S. The sews is more than ordinarily in- in the world, and offers him a tions. Who shall have a vote, aad in whatthe same fate to the existence of a secret terests are still involved, are most prominent. The sxu. wll£be put on the stud as the iist lliieei, aadreturn aspoisonedrapidly lamUyovSt Fhiladai-breasts—shouldie.rope, passedinto hishands, givesaremorse.law in this State, not becaoae ereiy man is be-lieved to have a right to vote, bat beeaoaeevery man's voting, or being allowed to vote,is considered the best means of aaenringtranquillity, order and good government. Thisis the only theory upon which thq excinsion of fact that " a soldier was killed and an officer negroes, resident aliens, and ftmooa underand yet deriving three- fourths of the raw materialof the latur from the United States, with almostPresident wHl also be examined, but it Is claimed by his friends that he can dear tiliiieiilfThe death of the Republican Party, In Oe defeatPopes,daysttdket,ulele(rafhedtary force.The Emperor isnot lesssupposingbeyondrange,correspondence— he excuses it andcapable of producing an unlimited supply of this article than Mexico, where the plant is indigenous,the with tbe Southern public nnpUslsKaow-MetUas*arrows into their ownrecess contiguous to their bedroom," in which they remained shut up for fourteen hours— and,letusadd,totiieinterferenceontheirbe-value of the Real del Monte mines, indeed, underan able and energetic English director, has steadilyincreased the last tenduring years. Thevalueofthe investigations wUlphia. New-York, Connectlcnt, Utah and elThe third Committee decided Mr nptiathatter addressed by Napoleon to the Pope, on the last day of the year 1859, lays before that most superannuatedandmisguidedofprinces,inthethey, indeed,escapethisto all manner of subjects since the control of France, and with it the virtual mastery of Eu-;extraordinarydbMt Implication to the unwillingness of his Hoii-Msa to adopt reibims demanded by the conditionof the people, and pmnting out the only alternativewhich the actual position of affairs seems to pre- startle even Congressmen by its uncomplimen- twenty-one years of age, is for a moment jus-his mind to thecopal nominations, in language which mighthe is far morejustifiesin a moment of irritation the Cardinal stiil produced excellent,Pontiff,on theof subject Epis-ishconquest. Vastregionsonbothsidesofthemakingthoughthan his Capetian predecessor. With the echoes of Bishop Ddpanloup'3 small thunders still—givehimrespectfulsolvethemltaieatoVieatBiitaia. TheyConstanti.vk,singulariienfiilsiilljdistinct, and rationaltvmChemor^te iUi I km' -'•' WttfWHHBMVU60._ of 1720,000,000, awl town eetates to the valne of t6S6,000,000 ; bat, as this oOmato Ma* beaed^ ^ returnsforthepurposeoftaxation, it kpiebatlyreel smonnt tiM ilijLiiiai oTthe sobecoming,waabeglMlalgtopnidacs CoostitotionalGovernmentatVeraCruzestablish- aiudst of Dsmrta matio relatiana of (be same Mrt -rnVk aH tke ita-Iegltimato effect upoa the pabUe mlad, aad ing a civil register, nationalizing the property of.M, in the Court ofand_XcKi'mr.tocbHewhbungonIh*SOthofMarch. The otherboardsandbodBeaintka andthe theransomeriskofbeingset theehnrch,and the abolishing. CUT, tetiUtci orwkTmn (Ruy, convicted of them)irder ^ Joi,u_i Lbabt, was further post- community will be dxily aacTlSeed as usualRoinagaoleemonastic Institv- the statistics of theIn order toSessions make him refrsin from doingMr. Mathewerty belonging to the clergy has l)een variously es- timated at frwn one-half to two-thirds of the en.paternal rule of awfl>«penfsr<bh February term, before Becorder mischief. We have only to oooapllment prelates. In perfect reliance upon his Holi- available information. The value of the real prop-pdried.t6^,tblt Court of GeneralpairBlIMXB, WM a Tery heavy calendar. tBe Cotton market was more active,Mr. BowBN and hisin compromise. We could wish, however, that petre, and his strong love of martyrdom,thethey could find some other means of making the mass of their young men marched into Lom- the bestwere maintained. Flour was deiU in, at a shade firmer rates,tire real of propertycountry. DonMiqublItandpnees»'??. '""'wIa'sr^i'n^- ^heatcolleaguesupontheir skillness' distate for the use of villainous salt-Triwiiiiwi WMVfrJb,i,m$. wm be remembered tkm^ UM Dsii, of Pennsylvania, moved for r iillless cif tt* '•anbut Mr. Kathbw thinks that, in this cal- Bcaxn, then Preeident, in relatloa to vaiSipeAsvs-quiMd for. mainly by millers, at uniform quota-t^W A UrSud business was reported in other peace bardy, leaving unprotected.authori-ty, values it at between $250,000,000 and |300,- to Investigate directly the ooadoet at Mmtm Ttm^^ZaI.nups, """I'000,000culation, mortgages alleged usorpetloM bf^tfe^fsl^in na well as n Provisions, Hay, of the discipline of the Police. We are satis- are sorry to say that at this particular juncture £^.t2l"Molasser.nd Whisky. Coffee was fied he Is not half so implacable a divinity as the "old man, Adam," seems to have got the^ Sunars were moderately ac-the held by the Church are gant expenditures aad Mz-The rulers of France, who for a thousand Kav-TMsTim. years baTe clamed to represent the Imperial—the profonndest contempt for the policy of do- Prime Minister, as well and flingingsalverssaw aa attest lo as-;rallied Henbt Ward BEECBxato their stand- prince, His Holiness, If left to himself, would ard, and made last week another ferrid appeal Bishop,was marched it. againstglers,cap- sources and mtemalsays: wealth ofbeiagare and sustained by the Executive. The axe Is there- Mexico unques- fore to be laid at the root of the tree, as the nadlest" professesof herhimself the Vicar of to say whatever there is to be 'said ia vindica-mining of Mexico has not suffered less than itsChicago wUch tiie books of the Depart-silly shepherdsof the Catholic flockthat the "and Is Inexorable. Thedivine is an inherent prerogativeforslight sacked by the soldieryjustice— cutthroats, and the inhabitantsit would need but four or five years of peace,the own most, under a Government able to afford the se- This will be rather a ghastly neaas of thelist of femaleher usual ardor and ability, but coafined her-the troops being Pope'shiredIt was left to iCr. Beechestion of woman's right to rota, anithe subjectcountryprolongedwomen'sment of theirquestion amongst those who have given thesubject any obstacles whichagainstinstances, massacred.nerity, those of Real del Monte and of tbe provincethe contract forthe contract for Executive binding and all otter oon- tracts which have been made under the direct dicta- tionanddirectionofthePraaideat. CenpussWib-it, in this State at Napolion and least, are now so few in nnmber,that the rest of thewill bebutit istosay If nominated now, that he would be ba^ beateain his ears, and the declama- the right of the majority of the peopIe#f thequerulousState to meet in coayattfoa 1o-mofl#fcrandJ malilftd for fourteenthere is now go llttie consideration whatever, and tiieproperty,preventex- cluding anybody firom tbe exercise of the suf- frage, it excludes them without componetlon orbat the eaises wUehManhood suffrage is estabHAed bycommunitykeneflt-isno attention being paid to its culture or prepara-ed by their privation. Moreover, no onecontestaleaves us without a word of eWiae orfjai the njf^jjtf/abBi itei that the troops re- tion." With respect to the foreign trade of the erve for binz years, his violent ennmriaHons wiUamend the Constitution by afHxlng a con- officers, andof the system of fraud and smuggling, both on the Pacific and on the northern frontier, and of thedown off as either knaves or fools for castingthewith interestTHB NBWRBFVBUOAHtheir with Mr. Wood than the sacrifice their towns We Lebdo, however, who is probablyin the town;the uncivilized Indian tribes, and, inplunderedofeverythingbuttheclothesthey wore.English companies, which, though since brokendesusedtocanyLecompton,thenotwdieceanted. the amotmts spent, the items in the varloas defeiaa-tlons. Investof such lamb-like Church, given bywith 363 vessel. If all they take him for, and that a much less valua- better both of the Pope and the Cardioal. In- not taken into account, and he states that one- ecnUve. He assailed ih* saaptaoas sQrtet,tTv°e Freijhi were qX^ bleclasses in port.Tbe Pope and his Son.half of the estates and houses are under some sucheMM^ at the public expense, wUch Vam Bmnt Wl^flM lotto iauoduceof goU spoons andline of CHABi.iMABwa, in Tirtne of that claim ing right. TheyWith regard to the army, an official return of the Conservador Government in the theInzvy of TaikisyBaipaU; bloody poawaslan of a thnae la Ta>The Police Commissioners, like one or two otherwould havestead ofas formerly,their character constantly before their eyes, they sud- publicbodieswecouldname,seemtohave denlyrememberedthattheywerePrinceandofferingpropitiatedhim.keeping,priesUybasest, most worldly, most indefensible, most commenting condition of theB. of iatwdte nova fw bankrupt HAsxnt, Mew-York,Mexican finances, camal, most cruel and infamous of all instru- frauds on the revenue, committedand theImpracticable Rights.Tbe advocates of " Woman's Rights" have ments of warfare, foul in the hands of lay by the Custom-house oflBcials and by smug- experiment of striking at Departments Is not soceae-Thewere massacred without distinction of age or yoyment sex, and the houses plundered from top to bot-curity to life and property so long wanting, and wise enough to extend to aU the blessings of re- ligious as well as of civil liberty, to render theiiipajiin President for his exertions to elect riiielius la of^subjects,and members of his fold.peopleder to defeat HcCLnaAgvdustrysome of the most galling memo- other interests from thewith thevaiieas re- ports of special sgenfi to the PottmaslK-QeaetBl, certainly did not goffer in his hands. About ries of the Bevolation, but none so atrocious aa Pinalos, Durango and ChiUnahua, where immense and the reports of this officer to the Presidei^ This,thisthis.Mr. Perxins' family were staying at a hotelthe hotel was sacked, the land- lord and the servant who was waiting on the guests at table were killed before their eyes,cjvU war. Inmineral wealth was gradually becoming revealed, the mines have been for the most part abandoned, the workmen having been left without protectionAll this wascation from Mr. Stoceton to Cardinal Anto- operations.anpublishedpatronage,NXLLi, accompanied bydescribingon which sources of the country, arising from the want of Friday,tolerable roads, the absence of water-carriages, theimperfect knowledge of agriculture, Ac., Mr.Mathewcomments on the erroneous of policyepistlewhich weHouse—BnoHABAa rather rtinfAHng of Inte at thepect that his Cabinet wodhi be v«t 90a tte nek—foris adulyrepresentedbya communi-in itsous light on the Cardinal's notions of natality.The sack of aat the hands ofder the orders of a Christian bishop. His Emi- nence calls " compsUiag it by force to returnwounded by the firing of guns from theCordillera are peculiarly favorable for its produc-energeticimpedimentsand throws curi-prea-engagedof the first Catholic nation in the shape of a property or an education His Eminence next lays it down that the lated, it is impossible to obtain any reliable sta- arrangement ; and those who know that poUticKl tim-speaksto the miserable old man whomFreights were in demand, but not so lively as to blimders, which left the would-be arbiter of which we propose to discuss here. Mr. Beecb-counsel were mostly of a political character, discuss- ing the present position of the questions between the North and South.improve in rates. Exchange on this City was 3^ a in the dismal antechambers of BR promises us a large measure of benefit fromSorrows ofSpeaker PennugioB.to 4, and but little was doing in the Sugar market. Italy refugeeThe Republican caucus at Washington on Sat- the King of Naples at Qaeta. He warns the the infusion of this new element into our poli-are concerned, the affair is settled. He has Tbe Commonwealth made a proposition to submit received compensation for his material loss, the case without argument, but the counsel for tbe and oar honor has been vindicated. But as far defence wished to be heard for bis client. Mr. Has-From Out Own Ooiisepsndeat WAsaneroir, Friday, Feb. i, 1800.tirday nominated Mr. Maistor for Doorkeeper, Pontiff that once already, since the arms of tics. But we must remind him, and all others and Mr. Lucas for Postmaster ot the House. It is France and Austria were hushed to it who think with him, that most of tbe evils fromunderstood that Special Committees will be ap-pointed to inquire into every allegation of fraud ormalversatjon brought against the Executive, em-peace,has been within his own power to make the which we now suffer are due not to the paucity-as the Pope and the Cardinal are concerned,sisG made the opening argument. He denounced as a" OrderreignsinWarsaw,"and the latebeliger-Willett'sPomt,Fort themule RomagnaspermanentlyPapalbymakingthem but to the multiplicity of our voters. If all the good, respectable, pure-mined, upright people,we are afraid the sack of Perugia will not be falsehood and libel that assertion of Jobh Bsown that ents appear perfectly satisSed and happy. Tke wad he was to receive aid from the laboring classes atsetUed for a long while to come. The most He claimed that were true to of peace has breathed over oar Congreadoaal waten,bracingjob, interrention in Kansas, abuse of Federal pat- permanentlySnelling, free andHarper's Ferry. theysuch as we are told female voters would in- unlucky day in their history was the tbe Constitution and the State, and referred to their and tbe chaotic party-elements begin to separate aadwho is also the God of his much-enduringItalianpeople. Itissimplyto establish, wherever the Papal flag is seen, suchsuch institutions—— and Ttuee bodies two females ahd one child were as will make Ahtohxi.u an anachronism,which shouldmed-full and gloryAbolitionism. Tavatow Waa»calm, farseeing, delicacy to reflect that but forty or honesty, but is expected to look out for i^ortance. Sir Wuxlam Gorb Odsblbt was that peace, so concluded, another revolution by the addition of two or three hundred thous- them and avoid them as he would any of theanivad Saturday evening, comprises nothing of viHtiBe the city, and receiving marked attentionsuggeststo thePopehemust ere this have him forth once more sweptPope but willed to pay this price, the Romagnas as theBOW be his. For them the moment iswho were numbered with the miss- er he will play the Tarquin more blindly evenample,and the Romagna was left in the Brittanic;on New-on New-Or- vriH give; phi^>, white hands; great neatness ofclaim, It remains with therials for aadtothe Holy See the peaceful possession of the States of the Church."Mr.—A ballet and The Police Commissipners. ^The little spar-andprotesting.Their souls were filledimmigration, andtheUnitedStates,wouldtakeaddrestedthedifTerent th» haveas place use of KnglnsCoBpanie*t,waoaoUra«his acJualyet relations hers he is2fo, 4r. Bowery, on Saturday night.Tope dancer, called on the bills, MUe. Jo«phwi ring match between Messrs. Bovte.x and Bai-i<nvi«BTTB, but whose real name waa Mrs. Joo-ingwitharms disturbed their devout meditations, butat the last meeting of the Police Board,Compuy reply, refusing the of and because the ordmauoes pioUbitthe assemblage e{ petioBs in thesekeepqnestedstudio, as well as tbe treaua Us bouse.on hl« P*rt, to toteraWy qnletgood if the Commis-done, and maMealy muddle,all and more thanSecretary. The Government in the capital arean mUda fewdemand Afterwhich eZ'Eepoblican and South Amerlcaa with Jeaa partlee,dition to the exercise of the firanchise, eitherqualification, that would cut off a fourth of PiBEiNs' were themselves partiy to blame for tistics of its present condition. From the data of dity which is bis failing, can readily nndentend hiamotives.those who now vote.that women have no more abstract right to to secure their own safety. In other words, nual legitimate export trade of the value of abouttake part in elections than any other class o^ as the case was ably put by Mr. Stockton 126,000,000, of which four-fifths represent gold and sustain and seem to countenance Urn ; bnt he has the community. Sex is a distinction of which in his a in the silver, and the rest cochineal, vanilla, sarsaparilla, not at this moment in public or private life one disin-and females, as females now are, to the list of voters.Whether it would or not is not a questionHis andmade an appendix to About's invective.As far as Mr. Perkis.-! and the United StatesCooclusloo of the Trial of Andrew Btephena. CHAaLasTowH, Va., Saturday, Feb. 4.happy.rcmgs, etc., etc. The revelations are anticipate Pio NoNO, in those brighter days whichwith great ssgemess and curiosity. the Mastii Feketti Inew in his ro- variably be, who now possess the franchise, day on which the Perugians were action In putting down the invasion. He concluded crystalUxe. it is a blissful eoainmmitton, aad theA private dispatch received at Washington an- Bishopnoaaeea the election of Gov. Milton S. Latham mantic diocese of Sinigaglia, was a loveraa United States Senator from place of Hon. Datid Bbooibick.in the of the classics as well as of histo legitimate authority." It had been better for the Pope's authority if the faithful Swiss hadCalifornia,The Union meeting held at National Hall, Phila- the one inpeople. abjured all memory of*lklr. SxiraoTT, for the defence, made aa able and elo-This mondng, at nooa, a miscellaaeoas debateand Bboom—all of local celebrity, and most of friends, of the story which once befell a stub-uprighthighly respectablePapalwith telling effect. He had no emfidence In theThe aad the giaad Oa- Speaker appears puxxled.would appMT that this main object of the assem- blage was to promote the interests of Mr. Pin-Presidency.Jba HptM« of Assembly on Saturdav received • UMlWsliiiifi'i from a large number of New-Tork <}R]r banks and merchants sgainst the bill to pre-asthe same candidates iand vote forITOM aa candidate for the nextfor them thefor him to-day the narrower circuit of his Cis- alpine domain. That price is not, one wouldprepared for any emergency.The case was submitted to the jury at 4 o'clock.TSnt sttwMiolders voUng|rtvaB of bills to indeinni^ the victims of thetflfJBeeord 'TS&roads.'I,. '; to repeal the act abolishing tolls on to love mercy, and to walk humbly with liissist his dalm. Nevertheless, there are a good oianr technical difficulties in the way of reaching the facts, and the issue may yet be considered doohtfUI. Then is a strong And almost universal feeling agaicst tbe;envy.by proxy.If he hasnotcoaid sendames e ngabjuringother, he may be wholesomely reminded, intheseconsideratewordsofthe reading onlynest appeal to the Jury to spare the life of the pris- Extra WnuAK, of Tfrginla. qoottag a bm^ annnal their reward. Now, if we gave votes to wo- town, but they have added fresh fuel to the oner. be the cAoer to bear theand the Legations, had he but been willing tosiduouslyhimself,preciselymessage, and then Shsxiiaji, of Ohio, moveetbat thai* be a vtva voce ballot for Clerk—Gastxsu, of Oesrgia, amending this by moving for a previous roll-caU.While this is going on, it may be noted that AasK The prisoner received the verdict with most perfect J. WiuiAjtsoK is here to contest the seat of D. K.paypricewhich alone cankeepNotice was gladly believe, beyond the means of a spiritualIndifl«rence, and amiled at the aBnoancepaeat.Fraai Havana.SicxLXS, and that the chances would seem to be in favor of his success. As Wiluaksoii states tos ease- —and he Is a man of It wouldPrince.the self-asserted head ofthe followers of «nd bills to abolish capital pun- "the which weof Mr.tte jshaaeat, to repeal the act creating Commissioners Christ, to pay. It is simply to do justice, Perkins, at—OCSELBT AT THB CUBAN CAPITAL XABKBTS.The United States Mail steamship CahaxDha, 3. W. Smith, Commander, from New-Orleans the 27th ult, arrived «t Havana on the evening of the 29th;aof that country to the Foreign OJEce in London, Saturday afteraoon, at 4 o'clock.Bchnyler fnndsoutrage uponanquestioned veradly— ABBIVAL or THB CAHAWBA 8IK WILLIAM GORE appear Impoesibls for the equity of tka Hones to re-and to authorize various City railroadsjnNsw-Tork, were introduced. An attempt toihave the evidence taken before the pro rata com-oiMee printed, was defeated by the friends of that.^measure. The resolutions providing for an amend- institutions as shall make the bayonet of the .nent to the Constitution,all of the thoughthave subdued one small progress of the Republican Party, closing with an ear- o the Senate previous to the eleetleB of Us Cleti—andthem ot ITative-American antecedents. The meet- bom in Rome. Six months the mod- citizen would not imitate tbe example of her most people begin to despair of seeing itking agoLUBHA rushes to his reeene—Meears. MA Cesa- fAyofpal Court. Our readers may remember thatstylediplomacy adopted justwhen all Italyans in 1848, and;griefgovernment;MmThe foregoing is a fiist-class onameatatnotictt, donerose in armstion in Mexico, has forwardedreporton the stateleft that at 4 P. M. on the 30th, reaching here on portmember from your Third Oiatrictbat tMs can onlyrefused,regret-aUnaien,.wtththiscalled onhave the effect of making honorable judges moreat the outbreak of the war last Summer. Soon after the Austrians evacuatedwithoutanyreturns of trade from theports,whichbifi neutralitySSs tu>k lafnge on the night of the fire. Deputy- a hopeless gulf these two things which Napo- set (ailed to reach them. In to the Yoik, ee days' sight, SJ4 to 4 joemlum;* mon cause with the Allies, up a popu- referring proba-on Paris, 60 oa Spain, 60 days' sight, 6in response to his ap- leon HI. no—w makes his best effort to donations of money and preserve;.leans, 8 days' sight, 8 to 6H premium dress, and vrith oid-fashionedDajiiiliilliwlwitriirflwAJhas NMlred UkonlctaSbc te tte nVtt of the sufferers, and on in harmony, "peace grateful Italy," and "tobility of the population havingremainedMathew expresses toOi premlnm.stiff dickeys moaatlngA ooaservatlrs Repnb- Mcan, Acecsvtrs Is as fraak by natHteaabyneaae. andlarand the flower of themen poured into Sardinia, and since the census of 18&7,stationarydays' sight, 1H premiumgovernment,;guard over a black neck-«i«.they could only offer up their supplications forandthe restoration of harmony tranqnilUtyInorganizationInefthe nations of the earth. Allersnte were earnestly requested to keep toem- ingaresultstillexist-do, theyamongstaelves and their sinfbl weapons at aa great aUntitled DocumentMr. PsintixoiOK, whe seems to have lostHouse. Baonoutrage.civil warbywhich the has been deso- countrybirth.woman's rights have to satisfy us is, whether of the Papal troops. He is not to place any from Germany, Spain, India, Belgium, Sardinia againstagainst pillageand assassination at the handsofTHE BAKFBK'S FEKRT TRIAI,S.regular banditti of tbe Papal dominions.made use of their privilege, all would go rightThe trouble is that these people will not exer-cise it, except at rare intervals and under greatexcitement. The bad people, on the contrary, gone over with arms and baggage to the revo- quent speech, going Into a history of the rise and arose as to whether the Housedelphia, on Saturday evening, although attendedby a large audience, failed to secure the presenceofthedistinguishedspeakerspromised. Mr.JohnB. LiTTBLL presided, and addresses were made by Potentate who can still save him from his men, what reason have we for supposing that hatred with which all classes of Italians regard Vj. Hmnxa closed on the part of the Common- message, from which it would of eeocae ftiUewthat Iteasra. Gbatsob, Lathbop, Pbckik, Mundat tbe wife of thevote as often as can, and they possiblyreap lutionary camp. Theying residved itself into a political party on the plat-form of the Union, the Constitution and the en- em Sibyl offered to the successor of St. PeterforcMnent of the laws. Froin the sense of the a nobler ptize than she can lay before him to-meeting, expressed in a somewhat irregular way, it day. Then he might have held the Romagnas rupt citizen would not attend the polls as as- that it is only when he finds lus enemies strong ferred to Mr. HicxxAN's boasting of tbe elghteea mil- office HBtil a new Clerk Is elected. The otttK Khusband, and staybut a revealed theat home on elec- or that the wife of the bad and corcontest. damagingand armed that the Pope kneels, cross in hand, at their feet, and reaches out his head for the brown of martyrdom ; that when he comesuponThe eorrespondence between Cardinal Anto- the musket and sabre with a remorselessKSLLi and Mr. Stockton, our Miaister at Rome, vigor which Francis Joairu liiuiself mighttion dayin whichlions of Northern men, and declared flie South were finally decided that the present Clerk shaO ssad (he;fact them thepositiontheywereplaced. He re-andcootendlngthat thepresentClerk leaalasiareligiouslyin quenched aughthave, moreover,bloodyCaWUnal AntoaelU on the Iaws of War.They then retired, and after fifteen Bsi»iHes' absence, them weak and defenceless, he can wield returned with a verdict of guilty on all the counts.touchingweek, furnishes a curious Illustration of thePerugia,lost—family puUished^^^^^^^__Report to the British Governmeat oB theState of Mexico. Mr.Mathew,SecretaryoftheBritishLega-"forced to return to thp obedienceproportionFrench,chiefly othersis the portrait vriilch the pencil of hlstnry wUl leave;re- turns to which he had access, U6 monasteries,liability. There were, at the date of the latest;ahwl patilotletean over the ptrnheseand 59 convents, with sumeseem to think it almost an in- sacerdotal robes, grasped tbe sword in good 1,541 nuns, 740 adopted children, and 879 servants. and also saw—or pretended that he saw—a direct «t-old-fashioned, bnt intensely camal and sinfuland letting professional politicians do their fashion. Louis Nafolbon himself, the bloody number of men atemptteoff the containing 1,139 friars,Imperial sway in thethefor redress. To this the Cardinal replied in an ist to the development of the natural re- B. BAttia to represent ths bolting Seaoerals.Qie murder of the landlord and servant by and was cultivated the Aztecs before the bythewill be of aad C«aBoe>with an earnest appeal to the jary to vindicate tbe law, and charged that the prisoner was a blood-thirsty villain and nTetch, and worse than BaowN.gentleman Inthe Chair will no doobt give dns satls- factioo.the authority,—a hatred so intense that wealth. Ha replied to the arguments of the defence he must first be elected.from the latestcapitalgivesamy |o tUftymany Of the mines still in pros-but Mr.having proposed a foxurth, now imdet c theimpetusgivenbytheestablishmentoftwo wlUbetoexamineandr^>orttafiiUopoattefeverthe maasaore of unarmed men white labor might be employed. The quality now The friends of Sswaid seem coatMtJVilh the re-apologybyin acts of violence andimperfectly cleaned,andhours uncontrolled their Republic, the report states that, in consequence have been forgotten, and one conservative Black Re-Union meetings held in the North. The InvasionThey had been a benefit to the South, as It had shown EAVB and BABBflBAU for once taking sides with GesVrPics IX., as which appears in a parliamentary blue-book issued Irom Havana is devoid of interest Sir careful that their do not mislead themthat he was priest as well as prince ; that tbe ting that the deplorable state of anarchy and dis- au« was entirely occHpied with public improve- letters begins, and while the dreary roU-eall'U |0lac-vesteidBy mondng taken from the ruins of the the Inquisition a faUe of the past. Had the Austrians were therefore his ciUidrea as well organizstion in which the country is plunged pre- ments, continuing the good work coBunenced by Gen. on, let me sketch Aescstds Fbabe, ofWarssss, M. Y..has diminished one-third, and addsbe doubted that extensiveEurope:It cannot both fromFtBEXKH or Tbotat what was goingwas clear. They were men of peace want of religious toleration, have hitherto caused request, grounds pr<»riety,;underbut the in- of life and property, and, above all, thethe shock oftheir houses for prayer-meetings, tnteea stable and liberal securityand social tiaes«w*ek. Tbe Foreman sad ProsUeat of the privaU which wva aidthe socialof the first points attracting attention is the greatthiBk the Firemea of Troy areples tCBdiag to good order, aad Uthay are, there churohcs when prayer may be oflbnd «p for them.Then,the alarm-bell should ring whUe these devotional ercises were in progress. The lawyer might be ra-as sstudyingextent of the landed propertieswantingwhatwouldaFinaaa ask,incue withclarettrimmings.An official return of 1848 shows 13,000 country estates, valued atIn aoontctoesatn that he la Speaker of thetake Brass'spropositloBtoincreaseOiathe direct subject of before them. Th« InvesHgirtlaBbv) tfie tat has gqae forth first Cammlttee will be to In- and solvent." The in- vestigate the President's action on tbe aadAtrnfM to tkeCcscHA. " Cnba Is going ahead." The health of the whoisnowmalOngUs ahut wtthdirtngeWwdeneeessstock, estlBSted at 20,000 boxes, of which 7,000are held by their opponents, and he has reason to Ne. 12, at *3i rials per anoba. Shipped the previous and large bine cyee,deUeate hi.thelrexBreaelona»aof com-consular functionaries on the bnt no Improvemeat In rates. Exchange—On Lon- prematnicly thhi over tbe upper regions-; a soft, fullboxes. Holssses—5 toAncoaa, the Papal legate followed their ex- munication, the letters addressed by him to Her clayed; Muscovado, C. Freights—More in demand, rooada fssehead lefty, tait- rather too«DOothTheAssociationofTroy,thnmghaCammlttae,nceoHv merce What" General Wool" Hose bat onstrengthefcrts.Theyfettenli^.what yonr corrs^Mmdent COT do after he has had a breakfast of the right kind.;arevestlgateprlstliigPoet^MeeWaaas,lastSpan- of Pennsylvania—the South Aseerlcaas, however,night, Batxs, Missouri,with this under InscKptiouiproduced,It Is said, will be a sebednle of tnlqntty and aiallia- sance passing all bcUef—tke Preeideat UiMeU staat- fng directly and deeply Impllsated.The second Committee will have for abjset to ta-while bykseplaghhaiare- publican President will have paved the way for thekfiled offforever;BosEiaAB," ors of the quarantine and plague. OOKOON.to prove that the Clerk mustfull, fair face, havisf ftaioiee eerftetly segular;pitiedjnnctnre.andvery fclr hair, of a silky texture, groirinashsK-talentahad no opoortunUy of judging ; bat In tkeany pahUea fraase, with velvet mo•her•o^" *hiISM wasmuf, be, we iiMhig a qutet Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 