 2- >„^.'ware tbe first to arrive at the scene of amoBgThecattle disease..*OL. IX—^NO. 2719. FROM WASHINGTON.^lE lOinilAS LiKD BILL PASSED.fftHu Mite 01 tke liiiODTi CentAted Mr. Bum, contestant, and Mr. BAaasn, sitting mem-NEW-YOBK, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 18fiaPRfCS TWO CFNT»: •-B^etlra Cut.FUUkuteriMs tot WaBt of a Qnonua.MkimataLOS"nitiosjadehocbact."ber*, respeeUvely, shall consume the two hours yes- terday sceorded to each on this subjectwitless—quest lots of Ufe and property.any one who has beai iaWisaraowv, WedneadsT. Jnse <• BCAnsncs or momalitt di th« akiit.The Benat* bu receivad to-day firem the Secre- %)Te<Waraomelulaieiiltitatisticaofakknesasteamerput ia sailing ordar.whichBbisiolbe found elseobeie. He coBUOBncedthe religious liberty enjoyedby tbe American peoplehe talked long and eloqueStly about ooia being aCaBHittee of Claims.Mr. Baib bopea to get a faTorable action oa the pe-l)l6 &bfl61ltC6StMr. SBxaxAif, of Ohio, (Rep.,) made an appeal tolivery of political essays.Mr Naisos, of Tennessee, (Am.,) suggested thatMr. Moaaiu be perinlited to print Ms speech.After further consideration, a motion to adjourn0NI5(} CASK— UHION STEAK8BIP OOMPANT. BosTOB, Wednesday, June 6.found when we left at 2 o'clock, A. M.Soon after arriving at Camanche, we learned thatthe town of Albany, on the opposite side of the river,said that he knew of Hothlng tbat the Mormons coulddo *si/ to stand tke Otmtitution and mavitain the inprociaatttioBa severs rebuke bom Presideat BaoKAair Attorney-Geoeral Blaok. And, a*Tke*>ml Jisscp Ibis morning, from LieQtenaiit.ColoneIwas negatived.Mr. iloGHis, of Maryland, (Demwhat we could the loss of life was not learn,"Amen." He then went on todispatchessayat the former place. Those who returned reported 12 JoiUB Suits had prophesied tbat the day a against wMeh ha Is faylag tKpi»^apportionmentMr. BxtjuoBT—1 don't care if it takes six weelis.[Laughter.]During an incidental debate Mr, Sfissxb, of New-to have tieen the cause of the accident Notwltfastandisg tbe vast amount of dry goods and grocrles which have been brought into Utah daring the past two or three years, It seems that oar BMr- cbsats have n.t a very large stock on liaod, for mt*- ral firms have withto tha lut few days broaght laaub AndJtor, to report the constantly-recurring de- Usqaencles to tlie Postmaster-General-Lait Imports—4i0 bbls. Fiour CanalExporta—2,600bbls.Flour; 4,800 bush. Ryethe havingaalOBgestabllihed usage and practice, and further de.-$5 2S®$its 62)« for extra Michigan ;quipunls. d'aprestrafie, vlgueurjuges paysdaresthat ha is notconsciousof havingmen whether, If they submit to such nceless proceed-fs eiii'ati 75 fur extradead. feetIt wsa ilie duty of Mr. Zaviliv, Tliird3A3alstan*|Po$t- aaaster-General, who Is the bead of the Flnuice of-Aee, to make the discovery, but Zavblay replies : " No examlmation lias been made since the reorgan- iMrtkm of the Department in 1836, with a view to Is tk« aoeonBtability of Postmasters, that duty being fcleilycadexclnstvelydevolvedontheSixthAudit- «r." Tke Postmaster-General colncidea with this ex."positlOB of duty, saying the Third Assistant •aajceture a de&leation, but. could not know it with certainty."SENATE.Washciotos, Wednesday, June 6,tOBforaaoverlandmall. Laidonthetable.Mr. Batais, of Delaware, (Dem.,) from the Judi-acd declared crim- contracting parties."pitched into" your correspondent Richard" a few weeks since In most gallant style. I am to him for it, for that he IsMr. Latham, of California,sales 10,000happyistence as an iodepen<<ent State, has manifested strongest hostility to this accursed traJe, and has been emineiitly succetsful, bv the destruction of baracoons;that the Mormons of Amboy, with their prophet, the the Coast of Africa. The Court Is bald to the .dwtfthe potitloas of merchants from Philadelphia and Bos-Mr.CauTxiTBaii,oftake up the Houmas Land biU.firm;firm.WmsxT steady, at2Ic.'321))ic.Mr. Baiaad resumea hisMr. Wre»Au., of Texas, Uantothebill.Baltimobi, Wednesday, June 6. Flook firm and quiet, Howard-street $5 75.mayThe Soaatabni laadclaimsIn aotul.Is a new vessel and very handsome.(Dem.,) presented;Kentucky, (Amer.,) moved toMsBBPoax,tl87t.and the case of the prosecution ret't-efd" ,"X ^Mr. CamanxB advocated ItMmss.Bbaso,ofNorthCarolina,(Dem.,) fTtrglBia, (Dem.,) FiasinsH, of Maine, SBd others, discussed the measure.euoThe second section, compelling the suit to be bmngU witktnftve years, was stricken out.aamightIntoCom-psru-2,000bushels Corn, 11,000 bushels Oats.all tbe maritime Powers of thebe the best means of eradicating this crime againstArkaasaahaveor may pass for the remov^ of theNEWS BY TELECffiAPH.The Terrible Taraado.•ad stack to ibelrJoyas«Bdaympathlxll^' 1»Red River raft, by levying may navigatetolls onOAMAXCBC, I*WA, AJID ALBAST,JditeiofOieltdof •fayaara,wU*liwaaorderedtotieprintedfor circn- makingBweeptcgdeclarations,manyofwhichwere erpooldates,bytelegraph,ofthe25fh(AMay.^MBitaUtjtB Qm UBltad States anmy far the paatillsreply,had blown to' maensdasdaegsteraetlooreapnodrtede,atlhitesreaalltytered everypwiehceerse, scieacesand badpatMiM. Tbey will farm a good-ilzed Tdvaie. riTtSBUSaH AHD THE TAKOT BELL.Mr. IiBua praaented a petitioo fron tbe Board ofwhoBv untrue, and made for the purpose of deceiving Tbe Sicilian accounts are conflicting. tsstlBony presented no ease at all. It was a merethat Bet our eye waa the ruins of the Hltlard Hoiye, oconplod by H. 6. SisaioBi, formerly f^mi Erie, Pann. This was a Uuee-story brick hotel, and it could not have lieen morethe devil, tiaa attempted to overrola the divine decreeUie renBaats of the abovo-a _^ ties, aad are, as is soppoaed, aow gatagtatiy •VMb-•'Tnae of Plttaborgb, urging the pauage of the Taiiff Defeat" Mr. BunfeUlMw before the Senate, and reiterating the old and•17 of tangiUabiag workabops sad fsctorlei, whichaa«d protectiOB to rerlTO tlieni.BB UjrOKX WAeOX-KOAS IX-fKBPUSE—TBBIAT-XHZD ormemon rsox thi dtdiajts. I«ttW8 from CoL Luraia, of the 18tb May, reportIn a name."-gentleman failingtke Shoakooet came to lilm and reported thatagainstbuildingplacef^aagtke Indlaas had detannlned to eontlnae war forFon whole Winter, and till oaa nlnatearten, aad that they had graas aeed and other proren- 4ai laid tB for that time.CLsac APPonresD to hoiise coiuiTm. The Frealdent of the RepubUcan Association in tkto city was appointed to-day Clerk to the Hooae••ppar coin at the Mint.wiTTTiitT csxxata—gksesal hiutakt rews.received by Qaarter-Master Gen-ing him, raised a point of order, that no buainessIt was rumored that the Emperorof Russiacon-ate,and received the sanction of the and Presidentsat In'aad aiouad down before,flwoBss, dated Hay 18, confirms the reports of thekreakingootof Iioatllitles on the part of the Sho would concur in the House resolution to adjourn on known.the 18tb.afeaocs and other Indiana in Carson Talley. Col- Mr. CaAiea did not wish to obstruct the public busi-SviBSfl ayt that on the night of JSSij 7, the inmates of ness, but if gentlemen want to deliver lectures letAiltoaseatWiUlaias Ststloa, on Carson Rirer, 36 them go to tbe Smithsonian Institute. Mr. HcoHxs moved a call of the House.Hika from Tlrglnla City, were all murdered. On the Mr. Basxsdals, of Mississippi, (Dem,,) said sincehe bad been here, such calls had been nothing butAhos a. LAvaaBcx has been chosen President of Union Steamship Company. This Company are es-Tork and Boston. _Daaglaa meedag at PlttaborKh. PiTTSBcraoH, Wednesday, June 6.Constitution ; tbat the laymlnltes (meaning the In-he batter hie thought might legldmafolyirilowtng day a party of lOS wliitcs started in panoitikat on eomlsg up witii about 940 Indiana, near Pyra-^M Lake, Imnediately lied, and were porsned by thelaUaas. About 2S were killed and others are missing.Tbenaultwas telagraphed to San Francisco, and by unanimous consentMr. Ceiisi denied tliis, saying that various objec- taVoompanies, under the command of Capt. Snw- tions had beed made.also stated tbat a large nift was passing Camanche from city to city, pursued by the relentless niob;andanxious. Hehas Mr. alive engagedIn his defence.Since the close of Winter, tba weaOerbaaia», left for the scene of bostiUties. An express was Several motions to adjourn were voted down. also sent for a company of the First Dragoons, at quorum answered.ly atout twenty, were swept off into the river. this fearful picture 1 saw upon every oountenance a 'Ibe condition of the survivors 0/ these two deep settled smile of malignity and savage delight towns Is such as demands the warmest sympathy as the traitorous fiends glutted their Imaginationsand aid of every one in this communltv as well aa the blood of my countrymen. The speaker con- apon "elsewhere. Many of them are left without a house tinued, You all now think that yo% vxmid tike to see above them, and scarcely a garment to wear. thu state of things, because ot your many persecu- Tiieirdeadaretobeburied,andtheirwoundedtions,butIsayt3atwhenthetimecomesyouwiUbe cared for, and it Is the duty of everyone, so far as sorry to see it, because let your feeUngs be ever sofavorable for farm aad gaidasi work. Tim dtjheretofore,speak only fiom report with reference to it Amid the great confusion that prevailed, it was almost impossible to the obtain any correct information. We could not learnSaints " would tie the only of the American supportersAs tlie Govemoi's salary Is vctmxf sideling Salt Lake prices, tt Is eoaaiftrces. " Cries ofsaid that Mr. Blaix had spent aa hour inforthAnd as ffaroUasow1ecnantolebarcnk them, but of whatsayingDemocracy Mr, BAxanr belonged.BIBALSI.The proceedings in the House of Commons Indi- exploded within Its walls. The Inmates were then argued the unconstitutionality of the measure,for that BBsaaAH wiU eaadaat ta dMBM* thlnUac. 'but from all I can lesn, that aoawerA believer in a special provldanee woaldaiyttitthreejpolnted ainy waa dtvatsoisd to niah.Blaie was in favor of Mr. Baiis or Ur. Siwaxd for theall more or less hurt. Hrs. Davis and her a child,little boy four or five years old, were taken out ofand maintaintd that it came within the of meaninghis acclcstaitteal eumpetliwi. It ia aot to lit posed for a moment tbat the rriattooi !iem will be s(^edby JaMr. BAiain wanted to know whether Mr.thePresidency.Mr. BLAn replied, Mr. Batib decidedly, but thatthe rnlns dead. Mr. Ssssioks and bisson, Abbob,guaranteeing worship God, tec.yooagto receive the nomination at Chica- go,hewasInfavorofAb«LracoLS.Samatbiagelse moat baWithout disposing of tbe question, the House atMb aa being in Saetamento, organizing his wagm- 6!i o'clock, went into Committee of the Whole o" wardthe race, but came in at the end the man waa taken out with b^lh leg< broken, and other- the bill had already passed the House, and tiiat the;a" "theStateoftheUnionforthepurposeofgeneralde- bale.Mr. MoBxnx, of Vermont, (Rep..) began a speech""I," (yeari,) or until tke white men qait coming could be done or speeches made, there being no quo- templated visiting Paris.rsM am^read party, and itate that he will path forward with Y' work, Indiana or do Indiana. A trader fromdistanced ALBiai SiOTB died suddenly, of bronchitis.President and Congressmen, as well as people in theStates, sought to oppress and persecute the Mormons, and therefore it had probably already passed the Sen-theDivii,e does blessingnotModern Democracy," whenMr. Cbaioi, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) Interrupt-enbusinessIn tbedestroyed. Inclu-rum presentCries from theMr. CsAisx said he knew his rights, and wonld notIt was rumored, also, that the ItmuUur was about to publish a speech by the French Ambassador to thesents scene of ruin seldom witnessedRepublicanlet the gentlemen proceed with their speeches.Mr. Wbitilit, of Delaware, (Dem.,) would staywe see ? The troops gatag aw^Order" from the RepubUcan side.Mr. CoiFAX, of Indiana. (Rep.,) called attention to the fact that ever --i-^e Mr. Moasiu was Interrupted an hour and a half ago, debate had been indulged inAn immense Democratic mass meeting was heldIn this city last evening, at wlilch resolutions wereadopted unanimously in favor of Senator DonaLA8,aBddenunciatory of Senator Biglxb and other Democratsof a like stripe. During the evening Gov. Tonn, of at the time, and that every man, numbering apparent- there would be no psace or safety in the land. AtMaryland, made a furious onslaught npon PresidentrortCrook, tocroaato Carson Valley. On the 15thtes Ben, with two howitiera, tinder Uent Gaaoic,tafltojoinCapt.Snwui.ThecompanyoftkeSiztb consentthatafterto-dayitshallbeInordertotakea LiicH,ofthisState,severallyspokeinasimilarstrain.D. and H, Third Infantry, have left New-Mexico for Texas, CoL Boanvau in com-in theirfeetof snow isfald to have failen in tbe monaCalas.delay. Companiesmorning, tliis city.to-morrow,whenBaad;uader the census now being takes wUl be reported at the next session of Con- gress, in order to afford ample time to the Legisla.the crickets, which have shown themselves in places in great numbers on the benehes and moon- tains, do not take the lion's stiare.'From the Aaaodatad Frees. WAsmasTOB, Wednesday, Jane fi.Mr. BcBSirr, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) said be had the appointment of a Committee to consider whatlegislation Is necessary to prevent the spread of theMr.M ouiLi. said that ids speech would appear in the Gtobt..a for the chanceof tliaplow,aad—We caimot (or a week. Mr. BoaniTT get through^^^_^.tuna wkJch meet only biennially, as well as others, York, (Rep.,) said that the practice had been, where Floub unchanged, with good demand for home. to dMilat tiieir several States- The new apportlon- men are excused the fees to the Sergeant-at-Arms Interior and Eastern trade. Sales 800 bales at ti 2S have been paid by the Government for Extra State ; (6®|637)j for Eitra Canadian, and BMtwiaootgolnto effect until the Toirty-eighth of (Dem.,) that t6 7i®(7 for favorite Double Extra city brands.cles, I have arranged to sign a similar treaty with Mr. this opinion.Tbe coneemhig the official transac- Los —Mr. CBAwroxs, Georgia, thoughtOiagress, the term of which commences the 4th of this amusement ought not to be charged to the Pub- WaiAT held at yesterday's quotations, with lightfresh selections from San Frandsoo sad Angelas. on tbe 21st Inst., Monday next I was lately instruct- tions of Dr. FoxiisT, Superintendent of Indian Affairs, TerilyUuh is not a bad place for driving a brttfstocks on the market, but millers generally not very The Postmaster-General, In a communlcatton to The appearance of Mr. Jinixm, of Pennsylvania, anxlousto operate. Sales, 1,800 bush. White Canadian theHouseto-day,saysthetrueexplanationoftheig- (Rep.,)beforetheBaroftheHouse,occasionedade- at$145,andS,300bush.CanadaClubat$118. Cobb bate as to whether he was under legal arrest for hav- In light supply and market quiet Sales 1,700 loush. aorance ef the Department of the existence and pro- ing absented himself. Indiana at S636C. Oats, Bablxt, Rrs and Pxab nomi- gress of the fraud of Mr. Fotiib, late Postmaster at Mr. BASKBiiAit hoped he would not be fined, and nally unchanged. Canal Freights duU at 26c. on New-Tork,mustbesoughtinthefailureofDr.Tats, thoughtitwouldbefortheinterestofthecountryIf Flour,7c.onWheat,6Hc.onCorntoNew-York.ed by the President of Liberia to endeavor to get an is now going on at tills place, under the direction of bustsess. Tbsyouag ladles most have their r*^*^ arlicle, denouncing tbe Slave-trade a^iracy, inserted Gen Stabbacgu and Major Moktoohut, Commlsslan- inallthetreatiesImightnegotiatewithforeign ers. IamInformedthattheprobabiloiftyailslstronghlyeliasPowers, and accordingly I proposed to both these favor of his being proven guilty tliatMarch, 1SS3. lic Treasury.two or three dozen other Republicans would absent themselves. (Laughter.)The Sergeantat-Arms brought in his prisoners from time to time, who were excused or fined, ac- cording to circumstances.12,400 bush. Com.two These and that when tbe troops lay at Fort Bridger In almoet contracting parties." gentlementwentymUessouthofthiscity. JaaaW.gw jMr. Tati, In reply to the Postmaster-General's re-quest for an explanation, maintains ihat bis officialeouse has been In strict confonnity with law and At 10 o'clock a quorum was ascertained to be in Floub quiet and easier, but without quotabletdUslde, workingside of It whan It suddenly gave way, rolled dowa the slope, falitog on liim aadcntting his chest afea, feartully mutilating him. No one else was waniag with him, but his comrades were near, aad haaitegthe rock they ran to It and foond Baows qoita roll,attendance.Mr. Babxsdau appealed to the candor of gentlese llvreralent a cet Infameseront dans leurStateaeglected tke faithful performance. He says ings longer, they will not disqualify themselves for Ohio and Indiana; teste 75 for double extras.Ites lols en-itif-«^^the boatawhich saidrivertodefraytheexpease.tSM TOWIB orat.,simKn,TDBsraoTBS—raoiitbibttto BenMBbyIWifThe resoluUon was passed—84 against 77.The House resumed the consldeTation of the Mis-TWO DAYS UTER FROMtba ABd.P«lag Ma Peealart—> gaw BaBBBdlaTrlUag I>eyr»*art— fej (he ladlaaa.souri Contested Election case. Nearly an hour was consumed In a lively debate as to the order In whichBUKOPE. AIBIVIL OF THE PBISCE UBIBT.Mr. ADBAnr, of New-Jersey, (Antt-Leeomploa EKniRCE 9P SiUBUBI UN PlLEUe. Dem.,) thought tbe debate would not change anythe eflects of theCtrreirtitiaa* ^tkeOntheTfikm.Again, IT. T., ) higthat House Is asman's mind, believing the well pre-paredtovotenowasatanyfuturetime.JsBB CooaBA>s,of New-Tork, (Dem.,) said that asto a siat, on the ground of fraudulent votes counted for Mr. BAum, corruption and illegal conduct on the part of certain officers and judges, sad corruptton aad bribery. In which the sitting member personally partidpateid.Tkelast I atteaded Konaon aerrica at Tabernacle, and heard Oiioa Pain preach, per-prajAet,sdDisMat af''Vmthey were not women tt was not important who shonld have the last wocd. tLaoghter.]itsruins. Tbe tendtotakea and alana spread Aom lionse to house, and In a very short Scriptural text,pra- its receptlan brMr.BAaaiTT,ofMisaouri,(Dem.,)inthecourseotbatmetmaytew. Wefoundthesight town,astheshould_side, " Too late.";andthe army sat down at Camp Floyd, detag enriching the Mormons, aatU, at tlia,) urged the neces-The coroner's jury at South Weymouth have re-poeed it it is geoeially sopp sssd that theJ^fhfil did notvleit Albany, and consequently can f' peachingBDCHAnAifMr. SBBaBAB asked, but foiled to obtain unanimous nist Col. M. Coox, of Ohio, and Messrs. Gissos andipalgn fficientexcasesbadnotbeenordered.BT, wl£h kouBted Biflemen, will proceed to Mr. SicKLXS, of New-York, (Dem.,) ineffectually the night of tbe 29th ult, on Boron Iilaad, In Lake dtofUioee wtteareWdly inOiUir'Test Craig and rellovo Breret-Capt Haicb, moved that all further proceedinigs in ttie call should Superior. The vessel and cargo will prove a totalWe were glsd to see ttie physicians of Lyons add tagtoBls.Clinton all here, and working wita a right good will, The tnflmatioa In regard to the Indiana- simplyas well as other citizens of the tw-o places. Wehope means that they will form an alliance with the moun- gracetuUv, till our City seemed full of weepiag wQ- also that the towns round about us tbat have escapedthe terrible disaster, will at once take active measuresBOW in ctHnmand ef the detachment at that be dispensed with.leave to makeMr. Ceaioi objected.Mr. BocLiosT moved to take up the Post-office Ap-lots. Thecrewandpassengersweresaved.The Case of Rev. J. S. Harden. Texbton, Tuesday, June 6.caughtIthe heavy anow, which bmtdowa the .The latter will proceed to Albuquerque andrcHcTe Lieut Wood, of the Third Inlantry, in the du-ties of the Dipot Commissary. Detachment Com-pany H of the Third Infantry will leave Albuquerqueand join their proper statian at Fort Marcy without propriation bill.poet.tain trlbts, and will prosecute a kind of guerrilla war-and In instances tbe shear weiibtof the many-Mr. Vsaass, of Pennsylvania, (Reo.,) aske-1 for uiianlmous consent that Mr. Morsill should havehisfare against tke Umied States, by cutting plieslows,snow broke branches one or two iaebesthlBk. Islsf Inihedayourvalleypreseinteadaaovala<iniaaspeecb.all sup-Camanche and Albany. The loss of property In Ca- all other persons whomsoever that come within their the trees In theirMr. Fiosiscs, of Pennsylvania, (Dem.,) raised the point, that while the Sergeat-at- Arms had gone out to take up members, it was out of order for the House to take up anything else. [Laughter-]$300,- 0O0~ln fact, whatever the town was worth, less the real estate, is gone, and it w-lll be seen at once that aid must come from some source to prevent those thatare left alive from suffering.Liberia and the Slave-Trade. LBTTKR from MB. OXBABO BALSTOK TO LORD BBOUOBAM.habilimeats. Thnaalso Companies F D and K, Major Siblst ineoBBand. Lieut.Waxras,oftheThirdInfantry;Uetit. Coesviu, of the Eighth Infantry, and Lieut.JsBBS, of the Mounted Riflemen, have been detailed and nays capriciously, and object to the claims which OBOAHIZATION RIPCBLICAN OFriCIRS CHOSIir. tor tke lecruitisg service. Lieut. Jacxsoh, of theTUid Infantry, will proceed to join his station atVest Union. Six months leave of absence is grantedto Lieut. Sawtxili, of the Sixth Infantry.Mr. HcoHis believed that the House, under all the_raaayclicumstancei, ought not later hour than this. They oughttocallthe yeasNew-Hampshire Iieglslatore. —women, ror.On Tuesdaylast a sad accident oocurred atto remainherecertainlyatatheheartofeverynonestmanthrillswithhor-Knowing what I do of Mormon atrocity and Mor- saw mill, in 'Farley's Park, about 25 miles w8ontyhdsesa*Mscame before them from widows, orplians and old soldiers who are limping on crutches.CoRCOBS, N. H., Wednesday, June 6.mon vengeance. It requires no great eSort of Imagm. atlontosee in the futuie hundreds of unoffenolBg and unprotected women and children murdered in cold blood. If this rebellious spirit Is not at once crushed out We well know their disposition, and why tarry for some overt act at tke expense ofper- bsns a tnousand human lives ?You will remember that in a former letter I saidthat if the bill became a law. It would re- Pol) gamyquire at least two regiments ef United States troopsof this The saw had becB to mikes city. stopped *slight rapalr, when a young maa namwl JasnBOB under tiie and, with Ids fooa 1 got saw-sash,on a plMO of timber, was looking dowawarda, \the saw startsd running, and the saA e«ma doaa oabis bsad, literally smashing his jaw aai kllltag htminstantanmusly. NooneelsewasinthemHlatttatime but he was soon discovered and ramaaai. ;CarelessnaM, in not properly securing tbe saw, aa*Mr. BABSsnAUE. of Mississippi, (Dem.,) thought that this miserable faree ought to be brought to a close, Q.-^ ^4ind made a motion accordingly, but without success.tbe Rejiublican nominees made In caucus last night.following letter,bynever seen such calls gone through with. Mr.BonuojiT—Itwillbethistime. [Laughter.]business to-morrow. Wbzat dull—no sales. Coeh in fair demand, at a de- The motion to suspend further proceedinxs was cline of He. from yesterday's prices; sales 54,000 negatived. bushels, at 50c.®51c. for Toledo; 52c.®52J(Sc. for Il- Mr. RiAOAS, of Texas, (Dem.,) said this scene was linois. Oats steady at 35e. Whiset in good demand>1z." The Slave trade isa shame to the House and the country, and for this he was cajled to order.Mr. Bot:uosr—If members are not here, fine, and ifthe but neither Slave-trade,civilization and humanity.Both the Republics—the Uidted States of Americaand Liberia—have declared the trade to be plracy,andcommeicial nations of tne world wouldImitate this good example. Although the American sumptionlegedexpectad preseststhe latest dates these Indians make peace.Fobbbt. At their wlih tonecessary, imprison them. (Laugbter.)o'clockall fartherAt lOJi proceedingscall were suspended.SniaMAH moved that the House Mr. goTwo men, named Cots agoandDavis,oayamittee on tbe state of tbe Uidon. Agreed.Mr. HoBBiix resumed the floor after this four hours'22, as follows"An:41ilc.; CoEHinlightdemandeon of the migb tier and original prophet,deadly and iaculcatsand Is comaa : tAasrsMmiihailj MaanidST aidthePass Station by a friendly Indian, that it was remarks in opposition to the Intention of tbe Indians to ' clean out ' that station. A party of six Apaches came'(Dem..) followed in op*p^o'-^ iBto the little town of La Picatebo,' five miles^^^^ •'."^iE*' „BUamsaHouse, after a briefproviding for the settlement of privatereport met Costiwa body havingmenashortdistancefromthecity. Itwasfeared that he would yet cross the river and commit depre- dations on the American side.Oa arattoa of Mr. Sbieiiak, of Ohio,«Mo«a«ad eUldraa of those who died in tbe Mr. Bm, of Arkansas, (Dem.,) called up thetMm the assent ofaett as tke Ii«|lala<ana of iMuisiaDa, Texas and" signs that I can discover or hear of bybut two which a ves-The mysterious bell-riDgingatHWW postponed till the 2aBKt Mx.F«aw>B'sbili for the relief ofContract earnings Miscellaneous earningsTotal earningsExpenses for ordinary supportFirst, f'.^'da/.ofthe officers aad HUiaa of the Revolutionary Army, and thegalley, entirely hidWe have enough keep yonTaaolutioaCongresstosuchcent severe illnees as to be able to resume his ordina- ry duties.tion 1 found two holes with plugs ready to be taken the only days that these mysteiious noises are notUntitled Documentout" beard.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069y.p^.ce"foUowers adversity and prosperity,money tbat is all we want" ;Carriedby27 to 23.mayThe eridcaea thus far goescarfon ToTM, l-ving Captto dineddiscaseion,up. This state of taings will, In a short time, here."ten or twelve old, very fast and 26lh,"Florida, Arkansas, LoulslaBa and Mis-than Is mom for theai ben,(Re^,) Tuesday of December.-i-^¥ -! ti-^-^^'^^^^^^HiifiliMuson (Rep.)Stock Board. Peilasxlpbu, Wednesday, Jttnetide into In triumphant splritaal powerMaster Josspa Is a yoong and inexperienced man- He baa no official or any otlier emiaeotlon with the Salt Lake Church, that I can bear of, and conse- quently has performed no mission, has passed throughof Lieut. tres^-ie^ -five davs,' the InfllcUon s' i'f°VHTlrisv.I;r»d°»ofo„m'f^or%ty»^„tabled theken completelybreakupoursettlementsWildfireJW?servicequently haveEarnings over ordinary support $2,220 63 tured vessels were all arranged, so as to scutue tne«. "honorwith the Federal Government He has me know by Friday nigh'- We got plentyconveyed to the station- keepero(Apachebe excused for writing so long a letter, and thatbe allowed to subscribe myself, with great respect and consideration, your lordship's most otie-nthe OverlandMallroute,last idght, and succeeded in stealing several horses and mules,laallsomesixteenhead. Apartyoftwenty- five persons started on the 19th, to the assistance of on the Rio Mlmbres. A much larger force would have gone, but it is utterly Impos- sible to obtain horses, as the Apaches have complete-of the gait Lakethe .s„h,i,p u-h"f-e—r--from this place, upon".„ptro1;1'su sthe familiesresiding6.Utah.throned at spiritually slala by the stiipllBg of Amboy. And I will give my reasons.;?.N?a.w,i«c^ testimony to refute ttem.r^^^Tunderthe4,00053,000 bushels Corn, 10,000 bushels Oits.Alsabt, Wednesday, June 6—6 P. M. Flock in fair demand and firm, at tS'SiS 10 intermission, and it was imderstood that he had pow- for Common to Extra State; $5 253)5 75 for Com-'.er to print his speech in the Globe,OUTBAOES BT TEX INOIANB IN ARIZONA TXS- Genestee. Wbsat offering freely, but market quietI wish all themons,Amboy,of the headship;arroav,—Tbe correspondent of the St Louis Republi- and no sales. Oats in good demandcan, writes from Mesilla, A.T., under date of May bushels Canada East, at 39c.; 6,600 bushels State, atorgan- trade, I am to say that Liberia, during its ex- such by the Mormons assembled. It also appearsCourt-martial is in siaslOB at Bo^infromtheRiothat a pack train of twenty- four males, heavily Mixed, at 62}<c., afloat Whisxt brickand his some of the dectrUes and practices theyexpress, justMlmbres, reports;to BaisEAH YooboCoB-loaded with 'panocha,' or Mexican sugar, from bbls.ciary Committee, reported a bill to regulate the Sonora, was attacked by tbe Apaches, near the Han- heavy imwashed fleece, at 25c.this youthful State, this abominable traffic abounded. and fellow. And the Idea seems to prevail that the Samuel Barron, Commandaia Wm. M. Btilth. HeaiTBlleage o( members of Congress.Mr.CAMiBoit, of Pennsylviuiia, (Rep.,) presented apetition from the citizens of Pittsburgh in favor of a change in the tariff.claims of young Joixph to shlp,andprophstshlpJ. 8.Grsen, and John A. Wlaslowover Copper Mines, worked by Messrs. Hisxx.s &Tbibacit, on the morning of the 20th—fire' personskilled and tbe whole train captured. The same In- prices. Whxat advanced 2c.; sales 6,000 bushels dians have also succeeded In stealing all the mulesNow, the cultivation of sugar, coffee, cotton, etc., and the collection of palm oil, camwood, and other arti-ofof all evUs—Slave-trade. the the sreateit Knowingkind interest which takes incur youth- your lordshipful as well as in all efforts to ameliorate Republic,the unnappy condition of tbe African race, I hope Iand seer- I.donTknow-wbatother-sblp.will be hailedRowan. JosaMi MissToon, Btaphaa Advocate, B.from Ewell Overland MaH as well Station, Company,asfrom Station. Informationwas Dragoon Springs33'Stl 42; tl 45341 55. CoBB Bed, tl White,Stocks steady. Pennsylvania State Fives, 96 Reading RaUroad, 20>ii ; Morrbi Canal, 55!^', Long ly eUanei our rancheros of this stock. Our whole Island Railroad, I2S ; Pennsylvania Railroad, 38)4..?w"VhVtofAn amendment by Mr. Tooiiss, that Congress re- country is alive with Indians. Outrage upon outrage Sight Exchange on New-York at par.Latib ntOM THB Bid Gbahm.—The Auatin, ar-g;,reBKArrira op Elwjtiowstaaatoconfirmthegrantsunderthis Houmaswaaadopted.The bfll was read a tlilrd time and paned.•lalm,was stated from Monterey that a million and a bsifof specie, the product of the Zaeatecas mines, whichin lateWASHi»afO(»*-!v. 'The Army Appr(»ila<ion will waa taken up. Ad- sickjoamed.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. yTAMaaamw, Wednesday, June 6.giriisoned, 1 am Informed, bymen—not a horse for service in the Appli- post.had been shipment the Rio Grande, had seeking byis committed and at a time withperfect impunity,when our citizens cannot get stock to follow the ras-cals, and In besides are busily engagedrivedat New-Orieans on the announces that It 1stplanting. Fort Fillmore is (enOn the Saturday before tbeon to 'Tampico, whence it would be shipped at no persecution " lor the truth's sake," as the Mor- in Washington, JxiExiAa R. HicXBAB Waa anMMCreceived official accounts of the recent capture cation was made for rations lor the volunteers who the coast. The writer of one of these accounts, aftergolenearliest moment. A portion of It would possibleas ihe hat been chiefly under the tutelage o him, which was addressed to JoHB BiMM, of Btltt-yj'.'i;: /-^/t.TtJiT/^ -ii-i'sTS^zr-rM vj"^SaltanofTurkey,of enalarmingnature.brick, is entirely demolisbed, and the family bunedin the ruins. Mrs. WALnoar and one child were Cotirt, but the Judges were as much Interested In Judge CBAnLSBAueB, 1/100 bayooetsas he understood it was likely the Senate corrosive sublimate, administered by some person un-Ohio, gave aa account of the proceedings at tbe At 6 o'clock there was a call of the House. No Charleston Convention, and Gen. Sroxts, of Western'1 ther for two or three weeks ouuseaall rsly waalAEmperorSundayShe brings GalwayMay,great Prophet—these have all16,500 bush. Corn Oals.,; 1,900 bush.respective Gove.-nments, Turin and Copenhagen, declined sanctioning the phraseology proposed by me, but Sardinia offered awriting scandalous and scunllous reports cooceralng both military and civil brother officers, aad for these delectable perfoimanees be received the highest en-be, even then, had credit for being able to stand fire, but now the public are in a (air way to discover tliat he can both standfire and steeLThe Utah correspondent of the New-York Beratd,•'tbe aadwasunwisely at Vam Unrarand steadysales 250 bbls. at 20c. Cabal Faiiaars—to consider it in thecouldpayAgentiTbe rock contatoed about three hoadrad coble,;countrywas willinglightpira-AflUra at Betoa.Piovo Bench, frlgbtened tbe iababuaaa at taken out dead and two children rescued alive, and, persecuting them as Congressmen were, and It would tbri'lngcltyoutoi their profslsty, dnwfiiifli.Jffc^^ii^'1^' •,.<Sp<><%<-t-:-riii"mi BMria M Paris.evening, about 9 o'eleck a man came fromand thaSt. JoBm, N. F., Wednesday, June t. The steamship Prince Albert tiiivBd at the Bay of Briton at S o'doek 00 the mondag of th^-Mh Inst aadLiv-Qwta Ct»i,Captimmediatelyby rejoicing at :rights that tluir/ore/athers had secured to tlum. by theirflUoaa asking for a law aathoiizlng the ezctiasge of here for legltiroate business, but not for the mere de- burden, at this port, has been purchased for the Arc- by tbe tornado, and was about as badly riddled aa life's blood. He said he spoke as an Individual, and the govsmment with deik ture aad-aasplo^tBC-iMThe schooner Hill, one hundred tons Springand about one mile above Camanche, had beea visitedCamanche. Upon tbe arrtval of the Qtieen Cuy at that /or himself rather than to submit to such an un- clerk and Indian Fobbbtdisdaining to accept Bioua as an antago-opcratisii sowing of the seed, nntl'recess from" 4 till 7 o'clock. The enthusiasm of the masses and the applause man-lafantry, which went from Benicla Barracks to Fort The absentees were called and excuses for them liested at each repetiUon of the name of Mr. Dota- is in bis power, to minister to tbelr relief, for who bitter, you will then remember tbat it Is tlie land of come a soaking rain or a llheial saow-stara, tana'Bmbtl/it,inMarchlast, hasbeenorderedtoSan heard,someofanamusingcharacter,othersonac- TiaBCiico to be In readiness aboold more troops be coimt of sickness of memt>ers or their famltles.LAB was at times overpowering.TFreck of the Stealer Arctic.Foxi Sabbia, C. W., Wednesday, June 6.cantell howsoonwemayneedlikeservice. We yourblith,andtheseareyourkindred." mustknowthatthecloodsthreatenseveraldayaaBia hope that bU who possibly can, will go there to-day This is sufficient to show the dispoaitian of these before the storm falls. For tha gieaiv fast ar laat' and assist in attending their wants. Every man who people toward our Government, and justifies th&state- week tUs threatanlng weather pravailed. Hoaavor, will, can find work there to do, In helping to restore ment made oa the floor of the House by Capt Hoopsa, on Sunday it was bituig oold, sad by aight a yiaakg order, and to erect temporary buildings for the hun- tbe delegate from UUh, tbat It such a law Is passed wv'wcstar brought a wbile maatle foe molhae aatflb' dreds that an destitute of a place wherein to lay the Mormona will again rtae in labeUtoa ; and also,eaOad tor. The Adjutant-General expects fuller de* taUa to-morrow. The War Department has deter- laad to set on foot tannediately a military cam-Mr. HcoHxs suggested that a surgeon might be ap- pointed to attend to tbe sick. [Lauihter.JOn motion of Mr. Boorioirr, of Leutslana, (Dem.,) en order was directed to be issued to the Sergeant-at- to Beet the emergency. Lieut. Tau- Arms for the arrest of those absentees, for whom suf-The steamer Arctic, of the Cleveland, DetroitOn awaking on Monday moning and lookibg aat af- • 'aBSa-Markcta by Telegraph.Oewxao, Wednesday, June (i—6 P. M.and besideGeneral Government would have to furnish money tion with the Marquis c'Aziglio, the Mtnbster Pleni- to maintain the Courts. 1 think tbat you will agree potentiary of Sardinia, and having settled all the arti- with me In saying that recent events have justifiedpearsBuvTAio, Wednesday, June 6—6 P. M. cbange: sales 700 bbls., at (S 12^3(5 2Sfor extraSO for extra Illinois and Wisconsin;" La tialte des Nolrs est rig-oureutement defendue. Les navires des deux Etats, comiums from tbe Mormon PressBoats scarce, and rates advanced to 40c. on Flour,cycompared proposition, get them, rather than t« obtain no dentutclallaa of thisaigument11 J4C. on 10H<:-: or Ct;.-; t? N.!w-York, Lakewith my I was glad to iLfainous traffic, which. If proscribed and treated byW'iisat,/mports— bbls. Flour, 41,000 bushels Wheat,cim a tsw ofbulletwounds,atSprlngvllle. Daviswasoaa ofa posse In anestlBg Cota for boree or ladaMMa- Isg, and was then wounded by Colb, wheiaapiB tha rematodsr of the posse put tve ballets la C«U^«W>esse. ^^^^^^^^^CocBi Mabtial or Capt. Torm ot TB^Vn-mon to good WesternCanadian;PresidencycxBHig.—A navalton tovestlgatlng charges againstHiH F. ToTTXB, late of the sloop-of-war Ym JliMbbli. 38,000 bushels Fiour,Canal Ex- Wheat, 82,000world as would piracy,sales bushels 6,009at 69c. PaovisiONa Hams, IIUc; Sides, lOJic.;Red, $1 358$! 40; White, «1 55 3*1 65.dlent servantdo not tbink tkesoa of the will ever taka the prophetPhiladelphiaand ac- punsheddisobedience of th. o> the which r«trirt theYellow,Wbbat firmCosB, a shade better; YeUoWj^70c «72c.; White, 73c.a76c. PaovisioRShigher. Whisxtat2ic,GERARD RALSTON. To Right Honorable Lord BaooaaAH.OB slwre, on U"* <>«"< ud dmtseveral bo"n..;Th« Capidrid AFBieANS.—The Washingtonstates that tbe Navy Department has InUUiimctT onlieebliave gone out, to Lieut commanding offi- relating the manner of running tbe vessels down, and come to New. Orleans, but the greater portion wasThe followingMonday Is elec|lan day, aad the' Democwraaatlscoming In as fastcer,hismake out that this Is him at salt Late, foralways to have kept lowers.matters, »>>aaia as they can o(»ma, aad I youwhtch WatsTtia,wM refusid. The nearest post In the Terri- the various subterfuges attempted by the slaverstodestined for England, and would probably be taken out by the next steamewrhifcorh SleofutthHamtpatmoonr,oBPoasnsetnh-e gers by tbe diligence, with a of armed» can i very graelalt 'h«e°r'"f"a"m;i"l^y''"°° °!she and alooffromBaisBABandhisv^?, if.*?""" '"" hun-lrd and fifty miles distant, and v^i .^. '^°J.''' °1"; ""'Z '«fi'se. Is ordered io be bro-mother,that to Is,areUglousPeison.—Theings of this Prison for May shows anseven orbe h"a"s grownold In tbe serviceany dlffisreace ;everything will be paid for..HeJ^^ ^j^,„"^^^ -fJ"^^"?AsS lor BaBioBAM, i.^the wilderness and th. desertsecond, all slsvers slip one anchocronasnea- sametinmvelss,lbtloefianadutsheator agency wataheraet, awnodrkt.hatTthe iS?ore to he Great Basin. He piloted th. way month, if yogout wmaonntetyo stayreport of tke earn- Increase overfast beentightthe every previous month excep'.one. Tue statemet la captured." He further saysBsnd sonfldence of toeTeU me what train jou will come to,ii 7h't ti277 73 slaveand tills may be covered, but not the evening,neatly teen no one was ^.«riloto their as soon as yoawhether yoa can come or not to **y""'a,.iw?^ 5,846 83; chain as soonit sbio'tcort^ytWoirM-.escape, says*'TheTheWilliamUroomy. She could carry comfortably five hundred negroesbackto Africa. The negroes are dying sonow that there will not be more than:hundred to send back out of all that have-£^ Och^eh. I^e.and we srtU'"Tj=Ta.^3----> ~..-. jy—y..^ai-s.'.:..-^j,'--.-\.''- - - ',*ai^www.fultonhistory.com»ii'Tr-ii'-^"«iii BTTiM&ailflSaiaaiaiiaihAii^^BMtffifiiH;; 10,000bush.Wheatbyreleiredtotheir at astarvingoonditlco,hehadasptdalvsmkneisforengagedtolooseningagraniterockwUahr«MMoa$6'a$7 25 for Extra Ohio and tS 50'a$7 50 for Extra Kentucky andorof theand of his reception as12.000 bushels Canada West "n terms. privateare In adherents,Flour firmJudge;cles of legitimate commerce, have taken the place;Hallett, Esq. ebaigea agamstsales 17,000 bushels WesternIng of one of the officers,President Commodore Strtogiiam modore Mercer, Capts. Geoigaposedat 21 Wool—There was a sale of 300 lbs. Xc.ParLAnsLPBiA, Wednesday, June 6. sales 1,000 bbls., at unchangedtheK. Thacher.F. The Commanderyearsfo:L, tae still continues. At one house, during the comae ofSa^^;meetyouat with wagons Bladenabnrgh,asbut one anchor on the bow. The cap-they getand storms, ^tte "Mo^on War," and negotlaWdlike men iffifteen to come herehavetinct aad successive rape wars heard oa the walls of joint Agent KiBKPATBiOK is so far recovered from his re- ship In case she should be' left alone. On examina- tne room where they were assembled. Sundays arecome. If you C4n get ten orofThere areProviden(:e,tobmgToa;sales 400itmiles of coast, where, previouily to the foundationopposition;and sscoadsd by manyTomBSre drunkenness, oppresidve treatmen. the dlsobedieBca of an oider of tbe Srcretay1>T nUOBB KILLED, Alio OBI BUJIDBBO weoaBio.frtm tht Lfviu Cifjr Aduocett—Extrs. MOHDAT MossiBo, Jane 4, 18(0.It ecomes our painful daty to record the moat distresatsgcalaalty that It has ever faUea to us toand the coase-bisfagar,"atf'wffll^^iLastTlslt Camanche, about nine miles below this city, on the.Cm, WMoMav, Kkf *> IMO.)withthethe town had been visited by a tornado, and thatMississippi,heart rending iDteUlgence thatMcnnoas must eat their owa wordsba expected to suppint yonag Jsa. Banaoi hMIW'if quite as much faia has BotbasB iimMWl li Ml insplratioB as in that of tlia original psnphst.Ftutharmore, there have already been msay i and talsctedclaiiaantsfarthsPropbcUeboesaful rtvals of BatOBAa Tasaa.Olasdbs Bishop, '' BoLShub,"-laaayMormoa Choteh abtwa aat^'SssidedoverthaFinally, Mr. Bun proceeded to advocate bis claims Tbe Engliak Keform Bill t« be ibnndoned. time hundreds of our dtliens were on their way to the audience will furnish a> good an Index to the (hllty years of its sadstanoa, aad I am |Bi^^fiM^tlie seene of the dlsastnr, both by land and 00 theMonaon disposition towards oar Goremmeat as cbaWethe disaster, and our pen fails entirely to depict theby coayeraatlaa 1 tbe House. The thoasaad pages of manufactured GABiBAibt had entered Palermo and aasnmed the witfalwthe sweep of the deraststlOB. The £rst pile gtesmen, moved sod seduced by the instlgailco of these Amboy Honnoiu are In giaat tart tmass of stuff, the proper title of wtdch ought to be •• Blair's Lame Excuse and Apology for Unexpecteddictatorship.Sicilian oAdal dispatches claim a vletorr over6a-by IntrodndBg a bill In Congrssa toponlsh polygaayas a criminal offence, thereby s'eekhig to Mnr'^lhe 80 baMormons from the enjoyment of a religious ri|^t He It WiU perceived that I ham saaa laaabreplied, justifiylng bis charge of fraud, It was hard to tell to which wing of theeffectaally destined bad a barrel of gunpowder beencate that the Government will be unable to carry Reform bill through this season, and that they will virtually determine to abandon itman theHe denied that it was a crime in:sel can be known without boarding her the servant was called to tbe door six-their and cargo,and breakara;are both badly hurt veryA son youngertornado,meellagskaye xapeatadty'lniBftnt Bills, tbe Minister Plenipotentiary of Denmark, Investigation'haps his or rather far be did not of Its eiUzena were buried In sermon, spaeeit^bebntt^^^inwardly.has hlfl left arm broken, and several severe cuts about the sight of God, but on tbe contrary, tlie ho-Church at Amboy.Tbe result of the great Derby race was sent in the tbe bead and neck. A of Mr. S. was the liest men of ancient times bad and for. Tnia, be might meet with a few aoiaiB^daughter practiced It telegraph news by the last steamer. Ifminrsran for- only one that escaped without serious injuries. One that too, with the sanction of God himself. He saidLakebe lew, very few,throughoutsixth horse, being long Thomumhi.wisehurt. Fromthisweproceededtolookaboutthethe and we found Ihat a house was left un- by winner, town, hardlyinjured, and many of them swept entirely away. Ev-Nearlyjears agogreat aid q'Isding tbe large brick block recently erected. About 60feetof thls,including the cupola, is demolished, and theremainader la nearly all unroofed. Front-street pre- these facts he asked theing on It Is cither unroofed or entirely destroved. do. He said they have tlie consUtutionality of mi^tTae dwelling and store of Mr. Walsobt, a three-story the law examined and passed upon by the Supremeamiokbly adjusted pendtnibe put down in that style.•The Chairman overruled the pointMr. CiAiGi appealed from tbe decision.Noquoium voted, and the roll was called to note DB. HATS' ABOnO KZPIIHTIOH—WITHOCTH POIS- strange to say, unhurt Mr. WAinoaf had not been have no further effect than to add Insult to injury. He testLng from Gov. Caooitic Expedition of Dr. Hatxs, and will be fitted out forthwith. The necessary funds have been sub- scribed in Ptiiladelphla, New-York and Boston.great sityofremainingheretillalaterhourdallythanturnedaverdictthatHaxtTnuiiwaspoisonedbykilled.Twochurcheswereblowndownentirely.Wewasnotfardistantwhentlie LatterDay giudgethemattWhsesmh,higtan.Camanche, she immediately put back to Albany, to learn the truth of tbe rumor, and found that scarcely,;a building In that town was left uninjured;but fh>masgra»e.And the aodlence gave one loud unanimousthatsUnces by making bis wife bis desit aad psjfcg her tablishing a new line of steamships between New- the full particulars for our regular Issue this week. that the great mission that the Mormons now have to tagonlsm of the two piurties, he eoold not Mai bflto-their heads. Clothing of all kinds will undoubtedly perbain, his' inamattoa, that oar Government has j ust andLakeSuperiorline,waswreckedduringafogon belequlred,andaaayothornaaaasaileatothebcne-The application for a writ of error in the caseof Rev. J. S. Haedxh, which was set down for this maiiche alcne cannot fall short of $250,000 or'will not be made beforetbe matter will come before Chancellor Gaixif, inly envelopedpureThe House organized to-day by the election ofTheMr. Balsto.v toResolutions were adopted In tbe House authorizingIwhiteThe prospect for the wheat crop seems good, providedIto do toward the distressed o something relievingf""res'h ijyis graea Mnaa« and tbe valley and surrouniding mooataaueeH^atHr-H—-,jreach. V* betQer they can succeed In this is a question not now to l)c considered, for, whether '.hey can ornot, the history of the past teaches us that they can, unaided, murder large numlwrs of American citizens. No crave man fears to die, but when it comes to vio- lating and then murdering innocent and defencelessarrayedbrighftwrittenLord Bbougbah, has just been published:LomoH, Friday, May 18, 1860. Mt Loxp^When 1 had tbe boner of some conver- sation with your lordship, a few days ago, I prom- ised that I would give the particulars of my efforts to have the " Slave-trade " denounced as piracy in the treaties I was negotiating In oehalf of the Republic of Liberia. Since my Interview with your lordship, I have signed a treaty of amity, commerce and naviga-ministers that the article should be in the following charged with—namely, taking false vouchers, Ac. Itallowance of the weed.On the Id Inst, asathor sodden death uocutwd atsubstitute, ss follows:et re- spectifs ;" and Denmark presented the following,:as I am informed, "Some bands of Shoshoae Indians have lately baaa stsallag horses and committing sandry ootsBMaprohibited,Both Sardinia and Denmark have the most stringentthe twoand severe laws againstinal byconsideringwas the highest compliment heme. His connection with the HeraU is anof suspicion on txiib sides, and is, perhaps, as creditable to the one as the other.RICHARD.From Another Oorrsspondent.Gbiat Salt Lakb City, Friday, May II, 1810.The last mail from the East brought intelligence of a new orianltatlon of Latterday Saints, or Mor-north ot this,andIn Cachs Valla Al- y._in not oblaialBg dtrara;ofand although both these substitutes are very milil,flag is most lamentably prostituted to protect Slave- ization by young Joi SbithCommander Bank-and slave vessels,todeitros;;1The translation of the French article is as follows; "TheSlave-tradeisrigorouslyprohibited theves-sels of the tw o States which may be engaged In thiscoun--ima^gjottamja '>ai,-^,i^pu t^ awake Urntogatshall beto the laws In force In their reapectiv*infamous traffic] cordingtries."judgedI have no idea that Bbiohab Youbs will be de-khmentwas asame day, while the famiv were at the table, dis-tSloMhth.qulctai.nds.thing, and you will be treatedyoawlIB«theits seven hudered upon of-:place SaiTB willprophetst^teatlmanrthe clausetoever^rightto;but tiiat recently certain American Coo-was now a law of the land.And inactively employedto enforce It;them,theOmt-YmkOm.1 Buit lam Monnonland wherein God decreed that all mankind worship according to the dictatsa of their own coo-viewj every build- Mormqns theyheard of proceeding he would lay his body in the colddid not exactly approve of Judge 'Y'TTfTfiTmcourse endhere, Govaniar.CinanM, haTtagMW«aibecome anand woulddians) wouldtbe names of those who were killed, but shall gather unite with them in upholding the Constitution, and ' accordingly. Or it ad^t be, that, kaosnag th* aa.The house of O. McMahob, lianker, of this city, was fied in hiring a man deik of either the eaalila ar entirely demoUshed, but the family escaped without perform is to elevate and enlighten these Indians, Mormon blood, and eoasequenUy emjdvyad Miw Injury. and Indues them to become members of their Church ; CuBvaa.The gale commenced about 7 o'clock P. M. Its and that everything tends to show tbat these things Surveyor- General SiAnADaB and Major Maata^ coursewasfromthesouthwest4othenortheast,and willsooncometopass,thattheAmericanUnion XBTbavmgbeenwpdntedaCommls»loaoflaqBhywill be remembered that Dr. Fobbbt is one of the fewwords, viz :"TheSlave-tradeIspiracy,andshallbesotreated FederalofficerswhocoalescedwiththeMormons, WillowCreek,alsocalledDiaparrlUa.aigMnaarobligeda Mcrmon Elder, itcause—particulaily disappointmentfrom Indian expressedsharedwith hisatIllinois, oa the 6th ultof the as-;Lake and Mormons,influence and thecesaatloBofthepeculiarpraaticesofSaltLake,will be tbe speedy aad final results.I am not so sanguine. I am afraid that sneh quitea reckoaing was mads when tke host waa absent Iof tbe Salt that the destructioa of BaiaBAB'aana "' »«AnumberofwitnesseshareNavy. b«onnei«ml^.in the faith aad affections of tha Mormons. I do not believe Master Josaraweigh 'i^^luh »mons would say. Since the death suppose,of nis father,Is an extract from a latter fvoad OB.enlightened race,we may hear of further ravages in lUlnoix. It Isrumored at Camanche that the farmers had shfferedseverely, southwest from there, by having their build-ings and fences destroyed, and stock killed. It was tion, and women and children would be seen flying . not afraid of U, and "Jesse" if he Is. "Tbe Dr. is ha*.-and the North and South would wage against each other a war of extermina-Into Dr. FoxBBT's aSaira, tbe is mam tar iaveat«aIlonwould soon bedissolved,a hM progress, and, though very Uttle l isai l ay jttofffrom troops, and murdering all endgrants, and;l--:i^/*:^t«*^Hmo, charged by Jadg*irtttIfteibaabutto crookrtn by tbe hundred an at, on laonflbhr Ito the most distant and nainvlttag MTearth. Be again " crooks bis ftagsr,"! mlsslosarles "return to Zkm," "brli^lMr' shaares with them," ihat is, bslaglBg Ibdr < bytbonsaads. ^ ,^tha habit oTai^mp-mostthe "brethia aaddstats" dselars OvA.impirwBbisbsb to be aProphetJonra." Now,aUthaasVMa,'^0Sttarnto relations of the Federal OovenaiMat «Mhofwhat should arid two appointed commlasleaaror uplands would be thinking 01 imgaaag, aai wouldnluctantlycommence,whaafilesky be ovsrcast for several days, sad tbaa dmaa; CuniinaaaAasattnrnicg false vouchers ia bis aocoanis.- Or. PlaMIteen made, I expect the Dr. wiUgatmatlM,!! h»iacompact. The leaves ef tto Made aad &vlt 1^of wams c0o0na-. oS«^ec-«ufiroyr^ oppressive t"-'''?!^^ Ma^ri^n^e ^Gu^a^r^d^, who'hb^ede rs of J«;'^,sV..,, to thirtv davs. TguidedNauvoo and led Ws followers through toto Washtagtoo. Let me know as aooaaanana^y ^amcbaiaad mtmla-^.^ui,,^. ^hechatgaaHalMfc Mnnleiiiat ?w^ iarg.,  