 favor ofsppropruititig $2/><)0fyi effettinf various HEWYORKHERALD.improvement*tothineinatitn'jnn*. Thryats*re-gn--' nodliberalreformswhichthespiritof Tbr P«rfnrmnare oftheLast «ftheRe-ofthosesocieties. Thestamporator,witha tremendousflourh-h,towhichheissustainedbydemy.AllNewYorkwillbet_erajtah__TZRMXmA*»«*mmet Wo***trrdhpm-tilteflfheitfh»• a s discharged,after a long diet-twai-m A motbo kft* %c the commerce of the world.ance. Everything was done to give Idat te and another insurrection in Pennsylvania. Andthe occasion. Horace Greeley, William Cullen is there not at this moment incipient insurrec-Bryant,DavidDudleyField,GeneralNyeand tioninMassachusetts? Itisonlythestrongttdntf At *md*r. P>*t»g* ttnmpt mat rernnnl m* nt/rription to discharge the superintendent of tee hospital w»>rk By this means an American influence, It isTMMVAIIT /iKHAl.P tworml*percopy*$7awmwrnv alsowsstabled. TheBoardapprovedtheplanso» true,is*-x«4-nd*-do»irMexico,butitisafj|# WWtMLt Ht:KALD,rrertS>ttir,l,y at nx «rnt* per rhos. Little for eourgieg t i e Lunatic A*ytum. The mtm • r f r ^ m u i * , f*« e«—>j»e_j« SUM-— TM*nr w*fctt-ti».mt«tx'—*• "r car* **F - •»"»<«»*»'»"» J*1"* "V«"'!( !i*ii», number i« the inatitotions at present is 8,355,an v B l a i M y ^ r f of <H>* (imtimntt both to ixdutle ptuUa*; IMCmH/itttiu Ahhvft <mtke •**and *_Afl<oathMMMf-i«txeeato increase of28 forthe week.•cr mj»* or 81 W /»»>• <iwMin. The stone cutters, numbering a huodred work-national influence, and not a partisan one—an influence for good, and not for eriL Moreover, it is SD influence which our own highest in terests.andthoseofthewholeworld,calluponJudge Culver acted the subordinate parts to the ohief rffle by the Star of the Westarm of the federal governmentand the Union of the States that now prevent outbreaks and re- volutions in New England. L et the bond of Union be snapped, and then we shall see the same proletarian fanatical mass that are ready to wage war against the South, subvert toe1ttitmtOT&MmKMZSTS rmmn4 mm**m: a*iettUemeff»ceivable product of art or Industry. Their annual production to-day is twenty millions ofrMMTBKM•«-*_ *i a* WMILT RMIU, r-xu-r Hs_*_», *»- w M« tfc**-M_» <m- A r W M ANN—* . .and all the attendant circumstances The disaffect-/ S i rULSTiSif «W«-*f w*A »••«»—. <*"—«• «•«« * • ed workmen have prepared a memorial in the mat- dollars; but with a stable government, theT e i rrv, .Mo. M AXVUMUmi TUB XTCXXIia.Rev. Dr. Bellows delivered a lecture last evening branch of the Roman Catholic church, at the Brooklyn Tabernacle, by invitation of the and the sunshine of the moral influence SanitaryAssociationofBrooklyn,onthe "Genesis of the United States over them, they would ofCrime,"beingthefirstofaseriesoftwelvelee' produceahundredmillionsofmiteryearly,to Lafayette, complained bitterly that theEnglish, in a raid, carried off a num-ber of bis slaves from his estate; and itappearsfromhiswillthatheheldslavestothe legislation,utterlyregardlessoftheinterests day of his death, that he bought in the slaves ofthe laborer, no other means of redress is left of his wife's brother at an execution, and that tbe latter against the grinding oppressions to he did not emancipate them even at his death,CirJTBT.O'S S4I.OOW, Broadway.—Ow. CHKISTT'S Mm- R I H I W 80.&S, >}-*CSS, BU-I~-40_S, AC—TU Mt'.-iMTed to this port from Pensacola, for the purpose of Lringing on several witnesses in the case of Corpo- ral Charles G. Cooper, formerly of the Brooklyn,earning a bard and precarious return; capitalwas confined to a lot of Michigan club, at SI 21. papers. This was the sort of work which the Corn w a s heavy, and rather easier, while Chevalier Tom Ford undertook in Pennsylva-sates were moderate. Pork w a s toss buoy- nia during the Fremont campaign, and the way antandactive. Newmesssoldat$1837>£, olddo. hediditwasunique. Weknowthewholespecting certain points of the treaty, the subjectwaspostponedtillto-morrow. Mr.Sewardwillad- $1256. Beef was firm andin good demand. Sugars story. Itisacapitalthing—but wedon'tin-werewithoutchangeofmoment Thesalesembraced tendtotellit. Allwehavetosayis,that dress the Senate to-day on the affairs of the nation about 800 bhds. New Orleans and Texas, by auction, and we know something about the Chevalier and the state of parties. about 500 bhds. Cuba muscovado, to the trade, at quota- Tom Ford, and that we are perfectlyIn the House yesterday the Chairman of the tions given in another column. Coffee w a s steady, withmoment in the room, was connected with John Brown'senterprise,gavemoneytooneoftoalltheworkingpopulationthroughoutthat themodeprescribedbythecharterwitsre-Brown'sassociatestohelphimonhiswayto sectionofthecountry,andbringruinuponits ferencetolargeexpendituresofthepublic the theatre of war, and pledged him to send industrial interests. The encroachments of money, which is that works of this kind shalterritory. Mr. Simmons, of Rhode Island, opposedthe treaty. He was the only republican Senatorwho took part in the discussion. After calling ontheStateDepartmentforadditionalinformationre-capital on the natural rights of the laborer wantedtobeonhand. NotonlyisGreeleya havebecomesoheartlessandexactingthatbe performed by contract, duly advertised for, and given to the lowest bidder. But it hip- pens that one clause in the charter permits the heads of executive departments to get jots done,oflessamountthan$250,withoutthkCommittee of Ways and Means reported a bill providingfortheprintingofthePresidentsannual Message and the reports of the various depart- ments. He also reported a bill repealing the pre' sent mileage law, and allowing members of Con- gress their actual travelling expenses. Mr. Sher-aggregate sales of 3,190 bags oi Rio at 12){c., and 7C0 do. delighted that he has been chosen Printer to Ceylon at p. t The stock of Rio was 13,167 bags, 24,000 the House. It carries devastation into the lob- matsJava,and160bagsgovernmentdo.,withatotalof by;itsmashesWeedandWendell,andBlair all kinds of 46,606 bags and mats. Freight engagementsthing. The msjority of the republicans of vate the intellectual condition of the working was enabled to give out the street cleaning inclasses at once come forward and grapple with small jobs to a host of contractors. Mr. Dels-the bill was not taken, however, and as it now or rejection is obtained.takes its place the sixth or leventh on the calen-dar, it is doubtful ifIt becomes a law. We are told that there is great opposition tohe did the Pennsylvania matter. He was in-structed to carry it, and he did, in hit breeches TState, was cheered to the echo by the very as- sembly which Mr. Lincoln addressed. Mr. Bryant, the chairman, said they were "fighting for freedom against slavery, in behalf ofilr. Delavan, however, has now resolvedBui little of general interest transpired in thesideration of the Pro Rata Freight bill was resumed. A sketch of the debate is given in another column. Finally the committee, by a vote of 61 to 12, agreed to report in favor of the bfll, and the House ac-cepted the report—66 to 39. It Is now pretty cer- tain th« the Legislature will pais both the Pro Rata bfll and the bill tolling railroads during the present session.he died; and this he did on the principle that and he made the best of it He has never had,he did not want any more free States in the and probably never will have, another chance Union. Texas opposes it because it removes at a placer. So with the Chevalier Tom Ford.tflus we shall go on from victory to victory,even through reverses, learning how victoriesat last shall be won." And Mr. Lincoln, thoughtowards rescuing them from sufferings which proves of this plan; so does Comptroller have been brought about by no fault of their Haws; and Judge Bronson, the Corporation own. A public meeting of our citizens would Counsel, has pronounced the plan perfectly le-be the promptest and most effective means by gal under the charter. The creatures of thetodies had been washed ashore. One boat in good condition had been found, and fragments of other boats had been picked up off Cape Sable. The agent referred to was to proceed to the wreck on Monday afternoon.vate, besides the public, reasons for preventing,ifpossible,itsratification. These severaland Clerkwasadisgracetothenation,andweshall conflicting elements of opposition are stimulat- continue to expose its trickery as long as thisTHE OPERA—This will be positively the lastweek of the present season at the Academy,and the last during which the New York pub-lic will have an opportunity of hearing theirpet prima donna, probably, for some years to clean streets at lastcome. It is not often that European impresarii NEW KANSAS Woiui.-They have a legisla-at $1760, new prime at $1487tf, andoldat$12 60aleading member of the party, but bis paper is itschieforgan,andthatjournalapplauded,en-public policy, as well as humanity, demands that limits should be opposed to them. Let,were moderate, while rates were Arm.and Weed, and it completely dries up the stream of pap which has irrigated the sucking pigs who control the petty, poverty-strickenAnd have not sixty-eight republican mem-bers of Congress, with Mr. Seward himself,the head and prophet of the republican party,rate struggle for existence.In the meanwhile, it should not be forgottenthat whilst the contest lasts it must or necessi- tyleadtoavaetamountofdistressandsuffer-manofferedasubstitute,thattwentycentsamile TheMexicanTreatyBeforetrieSenate- ruralnewspapers;forbeitunderstoodthatendorsedHelper'sImpendingCrisis,whichcontains the principles upon which John Brown ing amongst the operatives engaged in it. we, of course, cannot say, but we believe theKETT TORK HEKALD, vfEDOTSSDAY, FEBRUARY 2 9 ,I860.theHI:*-demandsatitshands,totweonstruct l>nt>lir»atiumpOraUri.potted that nwamres should be immedmt»ly taken gDvt-rrei^fit there upon afirmand stable baeis, Abraham Lincoln, of Illinois, the last of the Greeley, says there are no fears of insurrection the btnrficiairt the child of their edoatio.j i l l l 6 0 B P 0 I » « ' « ( T T , for external.aUrfg the rats which i«fe»t all U»e to reorgauiw the country aid repreii the te»- republican stump orators who has visited us,in the free States of the North. Only thefirstgreat lyrical star ofnative •r*_TM__ let the Union be dissolved, and we shall Tbe nurseries will all besee whether there will not be any quets,andtherewfllbeawholesaleastb*KWTOR AND PKUPfUKTUR. prfaobh of the city. The consideration of the report rtency to disintegration which la already wss postponed forafortnight. Theas-istant super- swhkfnu.g the filibuster spiritin theSouth, trricxM.w.CORSIBorSASS.U ANDrcLTosSTB intendentoftheerectionofthenewIslandH<npiu< hudtoopenit*porta,itshighwaysanditsmar-played his part at the Cooper Institute on Mon- dayevening,andourreadershaveseen,inyes- terday_HERALO, anaccountoftheperform-other Shay'a rebellion in New England,ofwbltekids. Astothemons^e-we almost tremble to think of it Let tot*'tarturers of crinoline look oat and have ^I-_ supplyonband. *»**«•MATOB Wooo's P U B or _uw_waao o__ HAM»~-l_e plan adopted by kUyo, Wes/w advertising the ordinances of the Coraifs__. in the public print, before receivisg £ T * tion,inorderthatparties -tewstot*.!!. an opportunity of presenting their view • * . them, has been pronounced perfectly l e g J S constitutional bytoeCortoratloaCounsel7 Bronsoa. The Jowialo/Oifiiiitw«,ltapa-_a badconscientiousscruplesabouttoelsraUwTBYrAMILf HKHALI*— fTettawiuyatfourtemttpermen, whowere employed upon3 the new Roman^OLVM^luTcOBBKSPVSrDMireM, KMnMv imp**** Catholic Cathedral, to be erected on Fifth avenue. tiiioo us to exercise. Mexico contains ten mil lic were all anti-slavery men, including Wash-arte* mHrittfi from »»» owirf^r */ IA« «no»«, tT «-•*< ••— *• I UI NVUHT R_HC_tt_» t o Se__ ALL 1—rsas u s •*««between Fifty-first and Fifty second streets, have lions of people who produce little fir nothing stopped work, owing to a refusal of the contractor but silver, which they exchange for every con-ington and Jefferson. In reply to this it is suf-ficient to eay that they took a very curious way rights of property all over the North, and re-Mo NOTH* lake*M w y w w pr« io«#<to increase the rates of their pay We give else-where a foil account of the causes of the strike,of showing it by holding slaves themselves, and by drawing u p a pro-slavery constitution, which provides for the perpetuation of the in- stitution a s long a s a n y State thinks pro-duce all distinctions to one common level.Labor Strike—Aid fer the SnfTerers.ter for presentation to Archbishop Hughes. removal of the cancer of a corrupt per to retain it Washington, in a letterAlthough in the abstract the principle o of the proceedings, and declined to adrertiti strikes is to be deprecated, there are them. The opinion of Mr. Broanon, however times when their expediency is incontro- settles the question of its legality, « ^AP*niMTOfMCTIC,Fa-Wee-i*Btreet-l»-_ujr0f»- taresonthescienceofsocietywhichtheDoctor whichthemarriageofAmericanenterprisetoti-Miltiu. _ _ _ _ _de»igns to deliver. Right Rev. Dr. Spalding, Bomau Mexican facilities would soon raise to two hun- •XBi/ys • A * M I I . B«»_dw»r—<*«-'• »o-__ __•«• Catholic Bishop of Louisville, Ky.,delivered a lec- dred millions of annual production. The re-ture last evening, at the Cooper institute, on the sults of such a tide to the industry and tradeBOWTJtY.-_Ucsw_—I-aw -jnce-sf-S-s—Q COT*». subjectof"EuropeanCivilizationbeforetheRe-ofourNorthernandCentralStates,andtotheWAU-IC-*THEATRE,Broadway.-RO-AHCSOfAToo* formauon." Owingtothepressofmatterupon greatseaofEuropeancommerce,arebutfaintlyvertible. When capital Is favored by discernment of the public has longtiaee«e cided the question of its utility. Aaaaexasr pie of the value of advertising those ordhuaos, before they become law, several new streak were ordered to be opened in the region atofiT o t s . M-*. _ _ _ _ _LAURA. -KSUK'S THEATRE, CM Hroa-way.-*«_•_• PSAJU. _ _ _ _ _ _SHEW ROWIRT.—Wi-co--is--—I_trfr—-BROADWAY BOCDOIR, 44* Breedwar.-TM IIIDBO 1—JTB.our eolnmns we are obliged to defer the publication pictured in that which was produced by the of our reports of these lectures.j ears fostered the association of capital, and the oessary, by a private resolution of the Corps power exercised b y moneyed corporations has ration, about which nobody knew aaythtoThe anti-slavery meeting held last evening in Dr.Burchard's church was addressed by Rev. Dr. Ro-gers, of Kentucky, and Rev. C. C. Foote, of Cans. our industry and to stagnate the commerce of ds. Those in attendance were mostly ladies, butBABWCY* AXIBTCAB MTTS-UV, Broadway.-Afar- the facts announced as of such ''thrilling interest" the world. Our railroads are not extending Mas and Tr—ia. OCT0-OQ-. were Dot presented. their briarian arms into the new Territories;BKT.RT3' MTKftTRELS. Miwh-nto.' Hill, 471Broad- TheUnitedStatessteamsloopBrooklyn,which ourmanufactoriesarenotdriventosupplythe way,-Bo»i_mc-s,Soaaa,I»_scis,Ac—6c-«- r_o-J_cr arrivedoffQuarantineonSaturdaylast,wasorder- accumulatingordersforgoods;ourshippingisvestment in public works, and a general stag- the signers of the Declaration were against i t ••wTork,Wednesdar,February99,I860. whowaschargedwiththemurderofGeorgeBit- nationhangsoverthehivesofNorthernin- Andtheotherclause,therefore,retained,Turni r r — t . BUu-r k Cx ,U King WlUi-m street.L-nei-f, Baldwin * Co., 8 place d* la Boorae. .Uuunng, Starr k Co , No. 9 Chapel streetR. Stuart, 10 Exchange street, East. .l_ns_ig, Baldwin «Co., SI rue CornsUle.______ FOB BUHOFE.t^^r^^n^tiim^n^+^^m^^ii^^equalhave any reference to negroes, as has aggressive as unexpected, andevhich will com-ter, onboard the ship, just previous to herdeparture from New York for the Gulf. The case had,dustry. In the*meanwhile, the arms of Europe and the diplomacy of America are striving towhichspeaks of all men,as being"bornhowever, been brought up in the Richmond Coun-ty Court of Sessions on Thursday last, when open the markets of the many-millitned East,Cooperwasdischargedfromcustody,noindict- andthefirstdemandthatcomesisformorea n d entitled t o liberty,"cannotTfc* W«w Tor— Bermid—-Edition for_u> Conard mail iteamship Arabia, Captain Stoae, will ment having been found, and no cause shown for silver. The money centres of Europe areplicate greatly their present troubles.By their conduct towards their Southern hungry gang approach the Corporation the*further detention. startled, the Bank of England hurriedly raises WehavenewsfromtheAfricancoastdatedat therateofdiscount,andallturntoAmerica Monrovia, Liberia, on the 4th of January. Mr. its their stay and their hope in the coming trial. Benson had entered on his duties as President of Will she continue to send them her tide of gold? Id-alfpastnice•'clockisthe_KMTI__. _-g!jcopleela therepublic,forthethirdtime,afterre-election. Willsheunbarthegatesthatnowclosethe wr-ppen, clx oe-tt. The thirteenth session of the Legislature com- Mexican lakes of silver, and bring their waters, B--_eitptto-» and Kl-orl-wraoaki for aor edition of the menced at Monrovia on the 6th of December. Hon. a life-giving tide, into the lap of commerce? Niw T o n HBR-LS will be recei-ed at the following pkMMf A. W. Gardner was elected Speaker of the House, This is what the Mexican treaty is to perform.customers they have alienated a large portion oftheirtrade,and bytheir harshnessandin- justice towards their work people they are now driving them into a rebellion of the most de- terminedandformidablecharacter,andwhich may terminate in the utter annihilation of theselves, but it is evident that somebbdy d«e_ and often with ruinous results to the propeiw holders.HOV* _i» port to-day for Urerpool. TkoBHi-ifarBoropowillCIOMlathiscityatteao'clockt—4 (oorningT_e BFBO—_» ED—on or n o t E_auu> will be publishedIts Relations with taw Movement or UaeA g e . the Chevalier Tom Ford is a man who under-be allowed, the distance to be computed by astraight geographical line from the place of resi-dence to the capital, the line to be determined bythe Committee on Mileage. Considerable debateensued, bnt the substitute was adopted by a voteof 128 to 44. Thefinalquestion on the passage of from day to day until a vote for its ratification to i t He will manage the printing spoils as ble while a single slave remains in a Southernwork was given to the friends and creatures of the Aldermen, who, with the assistance ot villanous broken down carts and miserable horses, embracing the halt, the lame and the blind of the equine species, pretended to clean the streets, and didn't do it.The Senate has at last taken up the discus- stands his position. He is not the sort of per-acted? Mr. Seward, who has announced the conflict of the North against the slave. labor of the South to be "irrepressible'' and intermina-There does not appear to have been any ade-quate preparation made for a movement of soextensive a character, by the collection of fundsfor the support of the persons thrown out ofemployment Indeed, it was scarcely possiblethat out of the insufficient wages paid themthe workmen could have appropriated any-thing to such a purpose. The people of New to avail himself of the aforesaid clause iision in executive session of the new treaty with Mexico, and it is said that it will be pressedson who believes in a division of the spoils. He has got a good thing, and he will hold onthis treaty, and we are not surprised thereat pocket We now recommend to the ChevalierThe Republican National Committee have chang- It has been negotiated on a basis entirely toonational to suit any purely partisan interestSouth Carolina opposes it because Mr. Calhoun thing in the Galphin claim. It was thethe charier, without submitting any longer Greeley said:—"It may be that we may be miseries of these unfortunate people. If they to the dictation of the Aldermen, and thai beaten one year, perhaps another and another, believe the strike to be a just one—as all dis- has contracted with Smith to clean the but in the great tide of time we are sure that passionate persons must do—they will put their streets by separate jobs, not exceedingthe last wave will be higher than thefirst;and hands in their pockets and contribute liberally the limit of $250 each. Mayor Wood ap-ed thetimeof holding the Chicago Convention from the 14th of June to the 16th of May.Yoik cannot look on with indifference at theTom Corwin. H e g o t hold o f a good State Senate yesterday. In the Assembly the con- opposed the admission of California just before only chance he had had in his life;the faintest chance of filibustering, and of SamHouston's having an opportunity to extend thepeculiar institution of the South into some por- self, and steadily refrain from throwing awaytion of disintegrated Mexico. The black re- any of its profits on the miserable half-starved publicans, on the contrary, oppose it because, country editors and the suckers of the lobby.expression. We call upon our leading philan- and invalided horses, are to be d_pensed wit- thropists at once to take steps to carry out this henceforth. Something like $400,000 ww ex- suggestion. There will be an immediate and pended amongst this class last year; and we urgent necessity for all the aid that can be pro- shall see whether, under the new system, the cured for these fresh victims of the rapacity streets will not be kept deaner this year for of the manufacturing corporations of Massa- $300,000. The Aldermen may rant and fumeThe Maryland Democratic State Convention metat Baltimore on Monday last, and appointed nine they argue, it will extend the area of slave- Let the Chevalier Tom Ford remember that he Douglas and two administration delegates to repre- ry, and do precisely what South Carolina may never have such another chance, and sosame platform—eternal war against the institu-tions of the South. H e assails the decision ofthe Supreme Court that "the right of propertyin a slave is distinctly and expressly affirmedin the constitution," and, notwitiistanding suchdecision, declares his determination to per-severe in the crusade against slavery, for that chusetts. "right makes might'' He says that unlesssent the State in the Charleston Convention. and Texas think it will not do. Some make hay while the sun shines. The election A telegraphic despatch from the agent of the of the Southwestern opposition Senators of the Chevalier Tom Ford was a good thingowners of the steam— Hungarian, dated at Bar- oppose it because it was negotiated by a demo- to do. He is the best man for Printer to the rington, N. 8., on Monday last, states no more cratic administration, and others have their pri- House of Representatives. He has our appro-as much as they will at this arrangement, which deprives their friends and supporters of the spoils, but the public will give credit to CoL Delavan for bis pluck in throwing off the tram- mels of their influence, and resolving to giw ased to unite and reject the treaty by a wide- Congress may last; but the Printer is all serene.The^steamship Northern Light, from Aspinwaa spread influence, emanating from the Roman The Chevalier Tom Ford is the right man in part of the irrepressible conflict of Seward.tna, arriv ed at this port about half-past Catholic clergy in Mexico, and which, not dar- the right place. j^doek this morning, with the semi-monthly ing to make head on its own merits, assumes•As, three hundred passengers sad half a tbe policy of the Apostle Paul, and becomes i treasure. Bar advices have been anticipnted by the arrival of the Baltic on Sunday last"The South thinking it right," he adds, "and have the good fortune to meet with such a prizehe North flu-king It wrong, is the precise fact as Mdlle. Patti, and it is certain that they es coolly as laundresses take _ washing. OslyAt a meeting of » » B ^ „BoardorfAWldmermrmmenlast greatestpoliticalandcommercialmovementsthrowtheconstitutiontherecanbenosuch noteasy ofaccomplishment'inthepre- appliedforadivorcefromhiswife,whore-.a received from the Cltjl--|»Kt« en the street ft*** cmtnct mwhich he set forth the manv d LT«__^2^controversy. It makes no difference whetherslavery is right or wrong in itself, the constitu-tional right of the Southern States is equally though she may have gained something in dra- dence/' A short time afterward, the detohtotreem tar cleaning the streets-one for |3lo 000 erroneous and conflicting motives, unite _s op- and the other for $300,000; that he accepted'theparty are preparing to overthrow the slavewhich impart such a charm to her wonderful vocalization.wss negatived by a vote of 10 to 7. IkeBoardofCov-cflmenmetlastevening.andas soon as the roll was called, a motion to adjourn till next Monday was proposed and adopted.t AtthemeetingoftheAim-houseGovernorslast tvening the Cfcnuaittee on City Prisons reported in^7*TM"*°*llsti-irtir with Mexico accom-ask, was It the republican party caused a slave York audiences, should make it a point of the Union. Perhaps the divorce laws he* Wehavenow,fromthedevelopementof insurrection twenty-eight years ago? We bearingheragainthisweek. InMMartha," beenmadeveryliberalinordertooneo-rage tWe tremble for the country when one of thelast meeting of the Board that he was offered $2,000 for his vote in favor of confirming Gide- on J. Tucker as President of the Croton Aque- duct Department; so thai we hare at least oneof the age, as is this new treaty with Mexico, is subjected to the ignomtaj of discussion on grounds of purely party acKon «pd partisansent dearth When sheof musical talent abroad. -oainedtatbea-stwnStotea. At first the so-hi.ofice,the M efthe -iSe£_-_^cleaning streets, Ac; that he received two con position of a national guardianship, fed, from lobby. The nonchalance with which this state-opening of the golden stream from California.constituted a despotism to which legislation, as well as every other interest—social as well as political—has had to bow the knee. The ope- ration of the tariff has unfortunately contributed to aggravate the evils resulting from this state of things. Its effect has been to favor great in- dustrialmonopolies,andtopresshardlyonthe laborer. The political dictation exercised at home has not sufficed to satisfy the ambitious aspirations of the Massachusetts manufacturers. They must needs seek to lord it over the South, byinsolentlyendeavoringtoforcetheirtheo- ries of labor upon i t ; b u t they have been met in a manner which is asexcept themselves and the contractors; and tfc property owners were startled when they «v by the publication, that they were going to W saddled with an immense expense for notfcuwIn this case, the publication of the ordiaaasj saved them several thousand dollars, and * doubthundredsofinstancesoftbesamekisi will occur. The fact is. there are about a huncrti and fifty contractors and speculators is to city—headed by George Law and James Pel. grew—who are always on the lookout for jea inopeningstreetshere,there,andeverywhtn that any money can be made; and it is throaffc their influence that resolutions of this kind m put through the Common Council. We dot'i knowwhether<theleadingmembersoftk_Many influences combine now to depressfinds no active demand nor any prosperous in- tution, though Mr. Lincoln says a majority ofsident Benson sent in his message to members. He movement of the age—a link in that chain of about negro slavery, and other things; but he observes:—"Our seasons have been favorable. The afterwards changed those opinions, and no mansoil has abundantly rewarded the hand of mighty events which is to open the channelsdenounced the Missouri Compromise line in, industry. Commerce hah manifestly increased. of commerce between the civilization of the 1820 more eloquently than he did, or inveighed.DoC-apeamrongekCe.of Ike Br_onuj( Eemow or m B__un> native clans, peace* predominates. Oar foreign East It is what is wanting to enable the cur- more forcibly against that Northern aggression,It seems to be generally conceded that the pre him to take either the Times or the Sun—ptpen sent outbreak of the Massachusetts shoemakers which axe conducted on the modern plu.is one of those cases which find a justification There is no use in advertising in papers of toin the natural right of self-preservation. By last century. We advise Mayor Wood to look one combination or another amongst the manu- over the Times and Sun, and select the ote facturers the prices of labor had been brought which has the largest circulation and is cm- down to starvation point, and the only alterna- ducted with the most decency and talent, tat> the newa received by mnii and telegraph at »*xrt-ff the prertos- week and up to the Hoar ofThe How*.relations may be regarded as tranquil. The rents of commerce to complete the circuit of agricultural interest of the republic is mak. the globe, and begin the developement of aingencouragingprogress. There hasbeen newindustrialera.Themerchantshavefeltand against all attempts of Congress to inter-fere with the slave labor of the South. He•ale of arms to the States, and regulating the ap- of January, says:—The warlike rumors which ap-denounce the republican party, whose doctrines and ideas have led to the invasion of his native State, and now threaten the disruption of theWith few exceptions among some ofthe Westandthesemi-barbaricmillionsinthe farla Con-en* yesterday the Senate adopted a re- more produced and exported by the Amerieo- this, and have poured their petitions into thesolution calling upon the President for a copy of Liberians during the last year, than in the entire Senate; the manufacturers have seen it, andany report made by Commissioaer8 for marking previous history of Liberia, comprising a period of they, too, demand it; the highest interests ofthe boundaries between the United States and nearly forty years, and it is very manifest to allGreat Britain. A report and bill explanatory ef who have visited the plantations this season, that the Central and Northern States, where the the act for carrying into effect the ninth article of there will be a large increase this year over the arteries of trade lie, all hope for the ratification the treaty with Spain were presented, and ordered last'' At latest date the republic was healthy. of the treaty. Before such influences partisandeprecatedtheestablishmentofageographical tivelefttheworkmenwastostrikeorperish. bynomeanstogivetheadvertisingtotoline, upon a moral and political principle, be- Considering the hopelessness of their enforcing Journal of Commerce, which has declined it,tween two sections of the Union, and pre- attention to their representations by any of the but we believe is now anxious to regain it—Usdicted as the result the fearful struggle usual means, is it to be wondered at that they conscientious scruples about constitutioulitrwhich be said he would not live to see, chose the former? It is no slight testimony to and legality having been dispelled by tobut which is reserved for the eyes the desperately urgent necessity of their course opinion of Judge Bronson.to be printed. Petitions from Pennsylvania in favor ot a modification of the tariff were pre- sented by Mr. Cameron. The bill authorizing theThe Message quoted from above was Mr. Benson's feeling should bow, filibuster plans should be fifth communication to the Legislature. laid aside, and crotchety abstractions should A letter from St. Domingo City, dated on the 30th be abandoned in the areopagus of the nation.of this generation. And if the Sage of Monti- that it is approved of by the local clergy of allcello lived to-day, how indignantly would he denominations, not even excepting the RomanCatholic, who are usually so averse to sanction- ing resistance against authority.A PROSPKCT OF CI_AX STREETS AT LAST.- We perceive that City Inspector Delavas s showing himself a man of pluck and energy, a refusing to be trammelled by the Corporate iiIt is evident that unless the statesmen and pointmentofSuperintendent-ofpublicarmories,pearedinthepapersare,fortunately,untrue;theTnxCHF.v\IJZRTOMFORDTURNEDVTAGAIN.—Union. philosophersofNewEngland,suchasthethematterofcleaningthestreets.Thougiwas taken up, and an amendment providingfor the appointment of said Superintendents fromcountry is as peaceable as may be wished for. We congratulate the House of Representatives Thesalesofcottonyesterdayembracedabout1,000 onitsPrinter. ItwasachoiceeminentlyfittoMr. Lincoln denies that any republican was Everetts, the Cushings and the Wlnthrops, sick and prostrate in body, bis intellect, itbates; the market was without further chance, dosing onken quoted middling uplands at 11 hi c , and others at l i emarkable man—a representative man—in pointwho must have long observed and deplored seems, is clear and strong. The new contract republican party approve of his principles. It the tendency of the commercial policy of Mas- he has entered into with Mr. Smith for cleaningthe Ordnance corps was opposed by Mr. HaleWithout taking the question on the amendment the basis of quotations given In another column; some bro-be made. The Chevalier Tom Ford is a re-ever connected with John Brown, or that thethe Senate went into executive session, and dis-cussed the treaty with Mexico, the main pointunder consideration being the provision relativetotheemploymentofUnitedStatestroopsto domestictrade. Traiu-wtionsinwheatwerecheckedby dredthousanddollarsorsoraisedtocarrya protecttheright ofwaythroughMexican t-eBrmueseofholders;theonlytransactionofmoment doubtfulState,bysubsidizingthecountrynews-is in evidence that Horace Greeley, a leadingmember of the republican party, at that verysachusetts, take steps to arrest the influences the streets gives promise of relief in that sort which have brought about this conflict, the desirable reform. The plan adopted for deal-ing the streets last year was not according toState and Western brands of floor were active and firm, with a fair amount of sales; Southernflourwas in moderate supply and in good request, both for export and from theof fact, a wonderful man. He always turns up when there is an electioneering fund of a hun-example of the Lynn shoemakers will extendTom Ford the example of an illustrious states-man, likewise from ^Ohio—the Chevalier civilization against barbarism;'7 and HoraceHe has a good thing fer thefirsttime In his life, and if he is not an idiot he will keep it to him-be is more cautious, and tries to lull the Southinto a fatal security, yet commits himself to the which the sympathy felt here for them can find Aldermen, therefore, with their wretched cartsbation, and can go ahead. The election of theslavery is overthrown, the South will at last demand the overthrow of the free State consti- tutions, and that he and his party, therefore, will never cease to assail i t This is the counter-The first half of the orator's speech was an attempt to show that the fathers o f the repub-butbequeathedthemtohiswifeandhissister- in-law for their lives, and after their decease he directed them to be manumitted—a disposition of the property which, it is scarcely necessary to say, he would not have made if he had had any children to inherit i tAt the time of the Declaration of Inde- pendence, drawn up by Jefferson, every one of the thirteen colonies was slaveholding, and Jeffersoninsertedaclauseinitagainstslavery, which was voted out, showing that the general sense of the country was in favor of the insti-whichheissubjectedbythese combinedinflu-ences. ThepolicyofMassachusettshasfor Seventyeighthstreet,whichwerewhollyna»beenshowninthedecisionoftheSupremeCourt of the United States. When the consti-tution was adopted, every State but one heldslaves, and even that one ratified it with theprovision to restore the fugitives. It is idle,therefore, to quote the fathers of the republic,includingWashingtonandJefferson,infavorofthe present republican crusade against slavery.It is true that Jefferson for atime became tainted industry in which they have invested so understand that the Mayor is about to select_iLow,Son*Co.,4TL-dgateHHi. beingthefourthtimehehasfilledthatoffice.Pre-Unwittingly,perhaps,itisapartofthegreatwiththeFrenchrevolutionarylevellingnotionslargely. anotherpaperforthepurpose.Werecommeathim word when the fighting commenced, as hedorsed and canonized John Brown. The Even- therefore, those men whose genius and elo-ing Post, Mr. Bryant's paper, did the same quence have so often been exercised to ele- form of contract, and in this way Mr. Delimthe North endorsed the horse thief—eventhe Legislature of Massachusetts did so. theevilswhichhavedriventhemintothisdespe-van was appointed by Mr. Tiemann, and there was considerable trouble in procuring hiscon- firmation by the Board of Aldermen. Whether any arrangement with regard to street cleaning jobs had anything to do with his conurmatiotCORPORATION DBVELOP__U_VTS.—We perceive upon which depends the whole controversy." will not allow her to return to us until they the other day a man went from Waahington to "all things to all men, that it may catch some." that our friend Alderman Brady stated at the Now, unless the republican party wants to over- can find some greater attraction—a thing Kansas, reniained a week In the Territory, aufcomes back to us, al- competentauthorityastothecustomofbargain thesame,andthenon-alaveholdingStateshave matic intensity, she will probably have lost husband returned with letters from severalaspiration.WhenSenatorsabamtosvthehighandsalesaidtobeprevalentintheColorationnorighttomeddlewithitButtherepublicanmuchoftheyouthfulgraceandsimplicitymembers of Congress, who asked that his bfll might pass, as a personal favor; whereupon a immediately went through both houses, h*ment was xeade would lead to the InferenceUtter, after consultation with the Mayor andComp- position to a measure of great importance, not that nothing is done by the Corporation which wrong, and this is the issue joined for the cam-troDer,andthathisonlydesirehithematterweeonlytothenation,buttothewholecommer- itnotpaidfor,andperhapsifpoorTuckerorpaignwhichisnowcommenced.to have the streets cleaned under the lowest con- cial world, we are led irresistibly te the con- his friends had only placed $10,000 in the Both Lincoln and Greeley taunt the South singer was when she first stormed the hearts, people, and, when it is admitted, will earn are-tract. The question of confirming the nomination ^ ^ ^ ^ t o - m a n r t l p has given place to hands of the Corporation lobby, he might have with being afraid of slave Insurrections, and and carried away the sympathies of our NewofJamesa LibbyasPresidentofthe CrotonBoard ^f5^itw%_»btolatheWgtoit Bft- adifferentstorytotellto-day. putattonasthemost accommodating Stats toAlderman Brady, the sum which is t o t suffi- to t_^ legitimate and cient to buy an Alderman, namely, $2,000; per-Untitled Documenthaps we will be informed next time what ad-vance upon that sum is necessary to attain thatanswer, it was one of.the anti-slavery societies which commenced Its labors thirty years ago, having the Boston Liberator and the New Yorkwhich is to be repeated this evening, she has achieved another marked success, which has given to this beautiful little opera increasedemigration and increase the jwpolation of l " j A State up to the constitutional standard.labor of the South because they hold it to beEvery one, then, that wishes to preserve a this sort of business is going to be general invividremembranceofwhatthischarming KarisasitvrillbeaMeccaforallbadUynutcheiSince the Journal of Commerce declined U publish the ordinances, they have been cot- fined to the HERALD, Tribune and Newi; but weture m Kansas which seems to grant divorc-licited relief was denied for "want of evi- ti-at republic"to subduV a**_•___*?""•objectThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comJournal of Commerce for its organs, and the pre- popularity. On Friday she takes her benefit sent republican party is the natural emanation whip)) wHll - A aln-ht * a >napr_.r>l* inchSriTunt- COCK—Ontcvnr.—PartH. r*h KnISC• 