 |>AI>.Pacific Eu£c«i2 vhen Mr. Curti* >p<»*itl.,-n;i a d e p t .tral route* to-wider tbe vote by adopted. T j ^ ,the CoiQaxitfce* •.th thekho subject\c Railroad C©i*J^oteof seven, to; rote adopting o&Jfiat I should have all the profit* df the Post-Office* to the Government; on discovering this fact, I dis- Q. by the Chairman. You stated that $20,0w w rrniseed Wallace, and^ took the key of the ware-room to be allowed out of the profits of the exeoCive P***; into my own poeeeesion. «_»•,. ixg toward eupportingthe organ underGeu, BowmaafJohn Heart*, the preeeet Srtperiatendent of Pnbl-c A. When I parted with it in March last, I found that,Pri ting, testifies: I believe this work could be done paying Rice and Severns, I could not sostaio T*dMessrs. Feoto*! the evening waJg^tbe Democratic 8t<e of " Call the roll."]|jk BLAKE was understood as wishing to with- jjjar'MBproposition, but the Democrats said it couldtiment at the dose of the Revolution, and long after, was in favor of liberty, and that Slavery was considered by everybody as a curse and a blight. He quoted from the language of the Declaration and theerto been conducted, and from the teaAimony before them we gather the following facts:By tne Chairman—Have you given this subject a for Tlie Pennsylvanian, but my obligation is with-Mr-- good deal of consideration? A. A good deal; so Bowman for $20,000; that obligation elisted, still e x - much that I would be perfectly willing to give bond ists, and there baa been no action had in relation to it,.and security that I would enter into such a contract. owing to Mr. Bowman^s refusal to.carry out hie pert* QuestionbytheChairman—Weareauthorizedto oftheengagement,whichwas,thatIshoulddoth*1h the Secretary *<£ nsiness connected^ events in the QtSby many gentlemen around him, and whoee title was not unfamiliar in the ears of all. From these extrasts it appeared that slave codes were even then unjust, barbarous, cruel, and that was before there was any Anti-Slavery agitation to furnish an excuse or apolopy. It was not till 1819, when Missouri appliedstituents against their own judgment and without the consent of the people they represent; that they cannot in any way control the action of the co- ordinate branch of the City Government, and have found it necessary, in the exercise of their trust, to differ with said bran ah, and that they cannot obey the mandate of the Court, except under such circumstances as would deprive them of the exercise of their freekind enough to state any abuses which may have come Senate; I paid Mr. Brwman $5,000 in advance-wheat the duties of the office. Wendell doing the "Wrk, and under your observation. A. The great abuse, in my he took The Union, and tbe balance I secured te him,rmed that the Presi' >r ti*e protection ottthe New-EngLu»<£rSAS-MwwT*. ACUXM ( W M * ) , Aidxtcb, Alley,Binghum,day.x RESS. N.jiH i 3^B B < > d J^ ^ T * l * Bamphi%hrr^er HUotcbin«s,'KelUlog«g (Mich ),(Mich.), Lee. Lo^eioy " "^ - McKean. Morrl'l, Olin. Palruer," ter, I paid him $1,800. It was a black mail opera- tee, and be cannot be found; Mr. Dufxees, who hasMarch 26. 166&, 5 a eomamuicati«s|giving the nunbea *trom 18,'j-l to 23593> take n p t h e b t K the Atlantic anaonal for oouatru e various Rulrotatedale. Barr, Barr«tt Hoc.ct, Botolor, Boyce. Br«nch, J^an, Bjl»tOW, RlKch, BoriMU, Campbell. Clara (Mo.), Clop- jao, Cobb, John Cochr*n*. Cocpi,r, Cox, Craix (Mo), "CraliwjCU Crawford, Curry, Davis (Md.), Davia (Fad), D*vi» *oo, Etheridco, Klorouco, j, Frt-nah, Gwn»tt, Oartrell, Gilxnor, Haocilton, Hvde- B a n u (Md^, H»rri» (V*.). Hattoo, Hickman. HiO, Hind- tiokoan, Hounon, Hughe*. Jaokaoo, Jookin*. Jonea, XdB, Kcnyon, Konke), Lamar, Lundrum. Leach (N. C), Leake, Lore. M«llory, Murttn (Ohio). Mwrtln (Va.). MjJCu^ht, ffSfhe;raon, McQoocs, Mi-.Rae, Miles, MiUson, Millward, Mont- ry, Moore (Ky.>, Moore (Ala). Morris «Pa,), Morris ([11.), a, Mxoo, N<«11, Phulps. Sorter, Pryor, rngh, Quvrlm, », Rlgga, Robuutjn (ill), Kutfia, Schwarta. soott, Scraxt-of getting rid of the dangerous element of their population, the free blacks; and aH the Churches of the North were thrown open for theQ. How is it as to the Senate Printer ? A. The Sen-ate Printer emiploys Mr. Rives, who has a large print-ing establishment, and he employa his printers; he isnot apractical printer himself, though he has long beenassociated with the printing business; I think I maysay authoritatively, because evidence of the fact hasbton given before a Committee of the Senate, and Ibave reason to know, that Mr. Rives executes the <^. To Bowman? A. Yes, Sir, to Bowman, with Senate printing for thirty-three and one-third per cent, a s'jpulution to pay the money also.eff tbe price allowed bylaw; I think this is too low, Q. Tbe editors of The Union were designated by the and I do not think 'he can save himf-elf and do the President while you bad the management of the pa- work full justice at that price; he only does a portion per 7 A. Yes, sir"; while I was the owner of it.of tbe Executive printing; there is a portion of it done Q. Was any one of these editors in the employ ofle line be conveyed be done wit&oot Not agreed to. \id an amondmettL „ agents wdl aoti [railroad hereafter5 is on that route.)n amendment thatiy the Government]Ifested—-the rule requinn*r members present to vote— Je and they axe entitled to receive and do hereby jeeeive toe censure o? the Hon*e.Mr. GROW (Rep., Pa.) said the Speaker must ftub- ssst for the decision of tne House whether this was a caeetieo of privilege.Hr.COLFAX (&ep., Ind.) was glad to find the gsn-them, but by the interference of Northern merchants the petition was prevented from being presented. He related several instances of the hardWpB and out- rages perpetrated under color of these laws, and then spoke of the forcible expulsion of the Commissioners sent by Massachusetts to test the constitutionality of those laws in Southern Courts. This was but a type of the ajBtem of violence resorted to by the promotersThe steamer Arkansas Traveler, bound from New- Orleans to Fort Smith, sunk on Wednesday, near Van Buren, Arkansas, and an unknown passenger was lost. The boat and cargo are a total loss.A barge from Cairo, in tow of the steamer Philadel- phia, has eunk just above this place. Loss, $25,000.know; I am not aware of his antecedents; he has a large establishment there.O. At Buffalo? A. Yes, Sir.Q. Is he not the publisher of a newspaper ? A. I don't know; I may have heard, but I have not bur- dened my memory with it.It appeared afterward that the Mr. Jewett here refer- red to is the publisher of a Know-Nothing or Fillmore paper at Buffalo, whose support was deemed essential to the interests of Democracy.enough to state whether, out of the profits of the puWic printing, you contributed, in 1858. oertain amounts to secure the election of Members 01 Congress in different Districts in Pennsylvania; if so, in what Districts? A. I spent a good deal of money in politics; but,, with a'l deference to the Committee, I must decline to an- swer in what District^.Q. Was there or was there not propounded to you before the Senate Investigating Committee roqumn^ into this subject, a question of this purport: " Whether^fptoAtrueware-room was within a few feet of the printing,to the call, therefore the objection came to* j t MORRIS (Sep., Feua.) called for the reading only give place to anotter etronger, more radical,j the resolution.*tr. VALLAN DIGH \M (Dem., O.) made the point ^ajaubBOus corwm wae noceesary at the present 2 » of lb* proceedicKB. -.^ S P E A K E R said he could net heara%ord so^•ws*th** eoofheion.JJ. SICKLES (Dem., N. Y.) wanted the rcsoluV.ons -fcrwad.yQfetticn WM made from the Democratic side.j g KtLLtNGER (R«p., Penn.) insisted that hem o r « virtuous, and more eoocessfal parly. He con- tended that the Republican party v asnot, and never had been, agere*dve; that SBavery had alwavs been, not jTJBtly, but leniently and peoeroualy treated; that having changed the whole policy ot the country, the Republi- can party was forced into beirg, notonlj to restore the Government to its original policy, but to prevent the universal prevalence of Slavery, and the revival of the horrors of the African slave-trade; and to protect v*e habeas corr-us, trial by jury, the Freedom of the Frets and of speeob, and all the other safeguards of Freedom. He reviewed the early history of the coun-REPORT ON TECS PUBLIC PRINTING.wi objected to the resolution before the Clerk com-JJ^callrD* the roll.'•jjJiSPEAKER—Y«>u are too late. [Impatient cries try to show that the prevailing and universal sen-The Committee on Public Expenditures in the House of Representative!!, of which Mr. Hassan of New-York*£a(>w be don*.% w ifi» J ^OBS COCHRANE (Dem., N T.) asked for the Constitution, and speeches and letters of eminentgggyeeoent of the rule which prohibits members from g&uia$attheClerk3desks.*^3KjC0n to table the proposition was decided as ^pir* too late.jfrBURNET (Dem., Ky.)—I hope the proposition ggmreadL#. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.)—By all means.*r. DA VIDSON (Dem., La ) objected.££ozen or more members on both sides endeavoredstatesmen of the period referred to in support of that new.Someoftheseextracts,hesaid,weretobe,ofoffice,theycannotinconscienceundertakedefactoofthelastCongress;thatJamesB\Steadmanquarters, as it itftne foreign powee^' jjcjtch the attention of the Speaker. Much confusion for admies'On, that the country discovered that thegetting sixty-four cents out of each dollar received by Steadman, who conseqoently pocketed 36 cento on a dollar of the money paid by Congress, without troublingopiniont is in making the public prmtin? the reward for political partizanship instead of looking to the in- terests of the Government; you elect men who are net printers; they employ others who sometimes are. Nothing natter? ftfotdcounts has ro&»he4| FfcaHy the proposition was again read and the reso-slave power h a i been aiming to subvert the orig- inal policy of the Government and extending its own borders and deepening its founda- tions. The invention of the cotton-gin and the acquisition of immense cotton lands bad given it a painful impetus, awhile the North had been unobserV ent of its growing strength and power, being engross- ed by other affairs. He adverted to the great struggle, resulting in the Missouri Compromise, which had so recently been defiantly trampled under foot. He next traced the growth of Anti-Slavery sentiment at the North. The colonization schemehimself to do more than to receive the pay. Thi.^ was not printers, and then they employ printers; the reme- the arrangement at first, but after ward it waa set atide, dy, m my opinion, is for the Government to employ> j-aeo rejected, yeas 60, nays 106, as follows:ing, however, their entire willingness and earnest de-sire, in case these opinions are supposed to be incon- 'sistent with their duties under the writ, to surrender their trust to their cOnst'tuents, to be delegated anew attbeir pleasure, to such persons as may conscien- tiously accept of it, upon such terms as may enable them to conform to the order of the Court in thepremises.Various answers were filed, but no action was hadby the Court.••Sympathy ftleeting.NEW ARK, N. J., Monday, March 26,1860.Wendell bought him out entirely, five months after his Q. Do tbe Printers elect of the Senate and House election, and paid him the round sum of $34,000 as. a of BepreseDtatives do their own printing ? A. No,( * B ' « * . HnrttnaaxD*. Bunroo«:h», Butterftald, Carey. Carter,aUBC. C o a l i n g , Cnxti*. T>*UBO, fc^u. E^gerton. feaw&H.,IBet Itly, Kara-' -^•orth, Fo»tf»r. Frank, Gooch, Grow, Gnrle»y,bonus. About a year later, testifies Mr. WondeLl, " rather than have a row in the House about the mat-Sir; as to the present Printer of the House, I am in- formed that he is absent from the city; there is a eab- pena after him from the Senate Investigating Commit-j^wr, PotUe, RM*», St ick•Sb«r*nan, (I1L),^ f * -( W l , . ) , W«ibburnSpaoldlcur,8omrmyWeO*, Wha-found either; the nrinters who actually do the work " muss generally." are Larccmbe & English, who do the-printing at 20, Mr. A. D. Banks of Virginia, Mr. Washington per cent off the price allowed by law.McLean, Judge Walker, and two or three others, held minor interests in the profits of the office to which Mr. Steadman had been elected, Mr; Banks to the amount of one-half, Mr. McLean one-third, and Judge Walker a quarter interest. Mr. Steadman at the time of his election to the House had no facilities—"none what- ever"—fordoing the work which the public printer would be compelled to do.The amount paid for printing Post-Office blanks averages about $40,000 a year. The profit on this is $20,000. This fat job Mr. Wendell says is since 1852that note I stated that it was rather onerous to van to be obliged to supnort The Union, and what I desired to- do; I suggested tha'. Mr. Macdooald, formerly a Mem- ber of Congress from Maine, should take the paper and become its editor; he was a comoetent maur I puppoeed; but in the course of two or three week* Bowman's name was mentioned, and I assented to i£; we met at the Attorney-General's office, and Judge Black drew up the papers between us, which coa- sieted in my conveying The Unionto him.AB--60.Ki?«5—M*««r«. Al en, AQderton (Mo ^, Aabmore, Avory, was started by the South, for the purpose onlyso,About 1,000 persons assembled here this evening, to £hilantbrcpic appeals of its agents. But when Wm. express their sympathy with the Lynn Btrikers. Re- •loyd Garrison returned from Maryland, where he solutions of sympathy and encouragement were un- animously passed. The meeting was presided over{OJ, Sinoirv*. AiszletOB, Smith (V»). Sullworth, Stf>renion He narrated the career of Garrison, who wseemed to him like one sent by Heaven in answer toto strike oat tiuz SHsrart (Md.). . toke», Taylor, Tiayw Thomas, TrimbU, nt to connect the* Qtdsrwood, Vallancsicham, Whitely, Winslow, Wood ton,by Mr. Jewett of Buffalo, for Mr. Bowman. the Government? A. Not when they were appointed, Q.Whatportionisthat?A.Hed>esthePost- editors;Mr.Appletonwasaf;erwardappointedAs- Office blanks, as I am informed, at 50 per cent off the sistant Secretary of State, and Mr. Harris elected Sett-price allowed by law. ate Printer.Q. Is he a practical printer? A» That I do not Q. You have spoken of your liberality: be kindthe petitions of mortal man to procliim Freedom in laAhuebyaa>theic» TheSPEAKERsadastheresolutionwasdefeated, thenameofGod.Henextadvertedtothelawsof emaienl purpose*; jfce preamble fell as a matter of course. South Carolina and Louisiana, and the unconstitu- Mr.BOCOCK (Dem.,Va), rising to a question of tional imorisonment of Northern seamen in those oved an additional ^rHkge, offered a retK)lntion that Messrs. Kilgore States. In 1822, twenty-six caotains of vessels, thenWright—109.fee?., Ind.) and Wa-<ht>uss (Rep., Me.), being in the in Charleston, sent a petition to Congress, complain- Booee, but refusing to vote on the resolution just de- ing of the loss and inconvenience entailed uponIi©ssoftheSteamerArkansasTrav-inthedisposaloftheSuperintendentofpublicprint-is to the.printer of The Union newspaper, or as it is now called The Constitution, Major Harris of Mis- souri was printer of this " organ," and Mr. Wendell bough? him out, as he did also Steadman, for $20,000.a»e when the con-« jl«nan on the o^her pjde so observant of the rules, but of Slavery. Yet these, very men who were afraid•NORFOLK, Va., Monday, March 26,1860. The Hon. TranciB Mallory, formerly Member of Congress from this District, died this morning.The U. S. steamer Pocahontas is still nere, waiting" organ 1" The following testimony was elicited: Answer. The editor of the organ is generally sup- posed to command the patronage of the President. There is a good deal of this work at the disposal of the President—eay an aggregate of $100,000 per year,And now letus seewhere themoneywent to. From tbe President of the United States and yourself had the testimony before the Committee, it plainly appears had any correspondence in regard to the use of money that there was some foundation for our honorable in the elections in any State ?" and if so, what was his President's righteous indignation at the use of money response upon the subject ? A. There was a question for influencing elections, as expressed in this notoriousFort du Ouesne letter.I passed—T«as 28; \ ras taken up.c considered with! to Paraguay was!Joi>e, ISOO. cknoseledging thet sign vessels in ree-' 1iroxa ship<vreck%';is desired to ask why he did not exercise a like vigi- to have their own IHWS tested in their own Courts,«cce heretofore -when bis (Bocock's; party friends were now sticklers for law and order, and if Northern jafrmged the rules, and were instructed to take their men did not turn out at'the very first sound of theseats. ' Marshal's horn to chase the fleeing slave, they de- Mr. KILGORE (Repv Ind.) said no gentleman was clared that the Union was in danger, and they wouldorders.The U. S. steamer Dacotah is rapidly getting ready more or leas.225,000 for the re-i >en was 90 amend-]Mr. JOHN COCHRANE (Dem , N. Y.) inquired order. Even as late as 1835, the universal sentimentQ. I want to ask yon whether you know of any The Pennsylvanian snd Argus, and the appropriation part of the profits derived from the public print'ng of that money to party purpo es, to be used in differ- being appropriated toward carrying any of the Con- ent localities. It was my own suggestion to him that, gressional elections in the Fall of 1858; and if so, in in my judgment, the money was uselessly expended in what districts? A. I have made a memorandum of keeping up effete papers, and that it could be used to $11,198 50, spent chiefly daring the Fall elections of better advantage in getting out voters, circuiting doc- 1858. uments, &e. I told" him that I thought it would beQ. For political purpoees ? A. Yes, Sir. better for tbe party to apply it in that way, and that IQ. State the amounts, and the one or two districts would take tbe responsibility of doing it. I assumed to which you have referred. A. Without being able the responsibility and did it, he not dissent- to state particular amounts, I shall only be able to tell ing from that couise ; but there waa no spe- you that some of the money, I think, went into Mr. cific direction from the President to me to do it. Landy's District. It is justice to him to state that he had authorized theQ. About bow much 1 A. I do not mean to say payment of certain moneys, at certain rates per annum,Store anxious to aver t a vote of censure than himself. Be was desirous of casting his vote, but not to place iinself m an awkward positionNIBLO'SGARDEN.of that kind. >Q. Sta'e what your answer was ? A. The answer Iwhether the abstract question of Slavery was now x amount be uaedj nnder obecuse'on.of the North Whs friendly toward the South and South- ern institutionsThe SPEAKER replied in the negative.Mr. SBERMAN Rep.; Ohio, appealed to Mr. Kil- weak that candidates for office refused to answer« M to vie!1! the floor to ^lm. questions as to their views on the subject of Slavery. Mr. HILL (S. Am., GH.) wanted to know whether How had this sentiment become changed to one ofuniversal reprobation of Slavery 7 By the violence in correction with this resolution of cerffcure the sub- and the disregard of Constitutional obligation on theThe law provides that it shall be under tho control of entitled "Willie O'Reilly," with one or two aliases, the Heads of the Departments; but if the President5senses incurre^i ject of the Presidential election would be in order for part of the South. Their only argument had been eretary of State Lai ffiseursion. force, for that was the only batis of their Institution.&roto, was agreeij %ooJd be permitted to ?peak to the resolution. Tnis from the capture of the African in his native home,Q. You say the aggregate amount paid for the exe- cutive printing per year is $100,0001 A. From $85,- 000 to IllO.OOOi I think that it will average $100,000..r^^ud toe f.indao>ao- *i tanotorloo*ly are- ivi.ir^d world, and* au» iibttfty ihrosg&oQ •Bdidaty b«, and th* the ©xpodioncy of*©* in beiiij;, aud lntefCoiutituttoxiat po WBTa»«tge of the reeo* Esd for a separate< 1 the Democratic objected to th#genUeama had,were fitted out at the North mainly, for there would no difficulty in recruiting a slave-crew at any thae from a Northern commercial city or a Northern ©Caeervative charch. He denounced the Govern- »ect und its r»-preeentatives abroad for shuffling about the right of search and the freedom of the •**», to evade our treaty obligations wich nations honettiy teekiug to put down the traffic, and remarked 'fee notorious fact that under no fla«: but ours can it *ow be carried on with any hope of success. He would £ke to see each man engaged m the traffic strung up to t&e yard-arm of the ship he disgraces, buthadno doubt that if there was a Democratic President for the next years, each language would be regarded as treaaon. Republican p*; ty was a necessity, and he denied awtfcority of any telf-coustituted leadersto transfer orClass hexmetically-eealed coffins,. Cannon's patent, cence ofthe charge. ' ' ,. upon it, " received by such a vessel or such a train oftbe first of that material in the world, were success- fully made to-day at the Louisville Glassworks.. ~ * •F i r e a t N i a g a r a , C W . NIAGARA, Monday, March 26,18b0.'U*iST. CATHERINES, C.W., Monday, March26, I860. The Welland Canal will be opened on the 1st ofan incei diary.BHRBBIfrom tho Government ware-room to the wetting-room;eonrtesy w w certaioly doe to him. through the horrors of the middle passage,was made. There has never certainly been a singlenew character added, and if occasionally some of themhave been omitted from a so-called "Irish play," whyso much the better for the audiences. Theplay last night affords no chance for escapeto the audience; they have nothing to congratu-late themselves on. Not one of the old stereotyped while you had that printing that a portion of the profitsab'e the Secretary.- Mr. KILGORE.was ^lad h.s colleague had such a down to his sale to a Christian planter. Fromm »aip at Canton,] high personal regard for htm. While ne was perfectly first to last it was a violation of that higher lawQ. Do the profits on that printing average fifty cents on the dollar? A. A portion of it averages much more; but the. average on the whole of it is about thirty-five cents on the dollar.that Mr. Landy ever saw any of this money, or heard of it, or that any other gentleman, who was a candid- ate, hadanythingtodowithit. •;•'.,out of the profits of the printing, to The Pennsylvanian and to /The Argus, and that when thia ejection oc- curred,!, acting upon the belief I have already stated, took the responsibility of making this suggestion andni^~, and cosopen-' wilting to instruct an inquiry on the subject of inter- whoee seat is the bosom of God, and which con-Court at Canton,; agreed to.\n'i an amendmeat- |to PaTagoay.dieting Slavery, he could not vote for instructing theCommittee to report a bill givicg freedom to every hu-man being, bec&uoe that would reach convicts, and heWSB the last to add to Democratic strength by turning to the support of such a 'system of outrage and vio-;d the necessity of} them loose, ©specially at this time, when their votes lence. It was admitted by its most able advocate, commercial inter-: would be of such service in the campaign. [Laughter.] the other day (Mr. Curry), that there was no law innot sure, but I know the District was called Landy's what I always deemed an unjust tax upon me, as thei fie was in favor of preventing the extension of Slave- endment would not; ry to the Territories, while there was no power to in-the Slave States for the support of the institution. It was a usurpation resting entirely upon force, andindividuals is absent, and the suffering auditors have to endure them all. There is the invariable old hard- hearted landlord, who dispossesses the inevitable poorshould be used toward sustatning the organ? A. Yes, sir; it was given for the purpose of sustaining the organ.Q, Was there ever any understanding between you and the President as to what portion of the profits should go toward sustaining the Government organ? A. No, Sir; I cannot say there was a direct under- standing; 1 understood it,' and I suppose he did.Q. There was no' distinct sum fixed upon out of the profits? A. No, Sir; the understanding was that tbe paper should go on.Q. Into which of the Jones's District—J. *Glancy A. very frequently.Yes, Sir; I never had anything to say about editing it. Jones or Owen Jones ? A. There was none went into Q. How frequently 7 A. Really I cannot say.atwity for retronch- | terfere wish it in the States.Mr. BABK3DALE tDem., Miss.) askedhim whether to test the question of superior force. Whenmendment was xe-in>iic arms to the Dregulate the ap- ^otional Armoriesmd passed. Yeas authorize protec-voo may discover ocuased at length,«c for the relief of s&ed.tate adjourned.A TTVES.fcep., JS'. Y .)an- »nce the orgaai*icced a bill. wifch- I'joa non-resideaiTerritories.introduced a bEQfor the repair iaaHalso, authorizingat*.; introduced abffl. rta.Fa.) introdooed Archison, Kansas, tely referred.ed a bUl to repeal . Xbeferred to thefDem., Del.), the ctedto inquire into i^Jn^ an appropri- for the Delawareiced a Pacific Bail-Uiittee.odaced a bill en- o carry their prop- lato the T e m t o r jrj Committee,ed a resolution de>* >s should be takes slave-trade, whicht \t a crime against amoral sentiment of ted to open nego~ ' Eu-ope, with the aatiooal law. Be- ie on theStateofere. one calling for "rocity Treaty, and fit; one requeoting rnish ail the infor* to contracts, icti •t any Member 01a pecuniary isXft- ct Oommiitee to hv the view of are- nations; and one transportation for'ered a resolution, the Committee of >ort, if they see fit, *iox' Massachoaett*of thai State, by id other impo-ted makiug bu-iness.Ohio) offered » ixng for the correa- y, and the disabiB- 'theUntedState*, ui.ject not haviaeThebelievtd Congress has the power to interdict the Anti-Slavery agitation spread at the North, com- later-state Slave fcade, and to abolish Slavery at merce was shocked and went upon its knees to the dock-yard?, arsenals, &.c, of the United States 1 its throned monarch, cotton. But the days of mob*spent in Pennsylvania in the Fall election of 1858 was second trial resulted like the first, and Kerrhj/aciagaia about $4,000 only.Q. Do you know of money having been spent in appealed to the Aldermen, who reversed the judgmentany other districts than those you have mentioned ? and restored the petitioner to the Departm.ent* TheA. There was money sent into Philadelphia, but I Fire Commissioners have made a statement in rea;ard 1cannot tell into whcee district. to the trouble, and will bring the matter before* the Q. Was any sent into Mr. Florence's district ? . A.None that I know of; I only know that there were Board of Representatives of the Fire D»epaet0ient.Mr. KILGORE—Tha* is not a question before the violence bad ceased at tbe North, though tney had re-Q. What other Districts was money spent in 7 A. organ as its owner? A. Yes, Sir.I think in Mr. Jones's District. Q. Were you in the habit of seeing him frequent! y ?Bouse. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof." cently seen the humiliating spectacle of a Poatmastex-Mr. BOCOCK withdrew bin resolution. General of the United States advising one of his Depu- Mr. COLFAX, by request of the Post-Office Depart- ties how to construe a State law for robbing theQ. And that that patronage should support it ? A.ment, introduced a jo:nt resolution for the convenience mails. The same system of mob-violence was now to be of that Department, appropriating in part the accruing •used to intimidatethe South, but it would have the sameFrom a written statement submitted to the Commit- tee by Mr. Wendell, it appears that the aggregate amountpaidforprinting,binding,&c, byCongress,in the last six years, was $3,462,655 12, or a yearly av- erage of nearly $700,000! In addition to this, the printing dOne for the Executive Departments of the Govemment^during the same six years, amounted to $374,772,280. The profit on this work ranges from 33 to 70 per cent., averaging 50 per cent, at least; that is to say, the work done for those six years has cost the Government just $1,918,713 70 more than it should have done.the District of Owen Jones that I know of. O. How many times a week? A. I averaged two Q. In regard to the District represented by J. Glancy or three times a week; some weeks more and 0 omeyev*nnes for the payment of contractors for carryingeffectattheSouthuponnon-slaveholders,whoaresough,Jones in the last Congress-'-was any money sent into that District to secure hisreelection 7 A. IthinkBorne moneywent Into his District.weeks lees.Mr. Wendell said, in conclusion, in reply to the « mea-the mails during the quarter ending March 31 next. to be kept in ignorance, as it had had upon the peoplePs*&ed. of tfce North. He referred to the madness and follyMr. HASKIN (A. L., N. Y.) from the Committee of the slave propagandists in denying to the on Public Expenditures, made a report on the subject Abolitionists the right of petition, a right whichof the publ>c printing, concluding with resolutions re- has rarely been denied by the meanest despot to his onirirg a pract cal printer only to be elected by either meanest subjects. He glanced hastily at the leadingP a»e. He is also to ezecote the binding, and to give events of 20 years, dwelling especially on tbe Compro-3b ds in the sum of $25,000, forty per cent to be de- mise measures of 1850. Cahfornia, he claimed ought to/ 1 ted from the p'ices now allowed by law. The con- have been freely admitted as a Free State, but its admis- hderation of the subject was postponed till Thursday sion was coupled with the Fugitive Slave law—a meas-ure of but little consequence, to be sure, as a practi- IT. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways an*' cal measure, but which was designed to be a test of \ **• reported a bill supplying deficiencies for th% Northern conservatism and nationality. Great inge- > w -diDg with July next, and a bili for the payment' nuity was exercised in making that law as bad and * -ruxiity civil expenses of the Government for the villainous as possible, and certainly any man who ' .' ' * cal 5ear. would give it a cbeerfnl acquiescence might be relied ' iouee went into Committee, and the Army Ap- on to do anything mean, even to selling his ownr.ropr:-Ujoa bill was taken up. mother into the rice swamps."fr SEDGWICK (Rep., N. Y.) sa»d that the Here the inevitable hammer fell, the allotted hour r >»-tb and virtue of a partv were not to be measured havirg expired.tion whether he bad contributed any money iu 18? S3 in Q. How much ? A. I cannot state how much. I any of the Congressional Districts of New-York city,>Steadfastness and probity of its leaders. Thus, fctepublican party has the embodiment of living -a and sentiments, and its mission was to reform the /o<veznxnent and revive the policy upon which it was founded. It hated tyranny anof oppression every- where, at borne as well as in foreign lands; and if jt remained true to itself, it would accomplish itsThe Committee rose, and the House adjourned. T e r r i b l e A c c i d e n t .FIFTEEN TO TWENTY PERSONS KILLED.HYDE P ARK, Pa., Monday, March 26,1860. A terrible accident occurred at Chittenden's shaft, four miles below here, this afternoon. The pumps broke while the workmen were "being hoisted up. An explosion of fire-damp followed, when fifteen to twen- ty of them were killed, and many more Beriouelydrafts made from Philadelphia; Mr. Wendell drew two or three checks himself.Q. by the Chairman. You kept Wendell's check- books? A. I did.The Board of Fire Commissioners was created'to -place-v the Department out of the reach of political par tiaan^ ship; yStwe find the Aldermen restoring men. re-work of the extinction of Slavery under the Fed-eral authority. They claimed no right to interfere inthe States, but they 'would claim and exercise theright to go to the extreme verge of Constitutionalauthority to restrict and limit Slavery beyond the/boundaries of the States, giving to the Constitution* ?*Jbr and liberal construction in favor of Liberty. In wounded. The engines and boiler house were blownQ. Did it appear upon those check-books that the moved for just cause, and that too, as in this., case^ amounts you have already designated as having been without examining the evidence taken by the Commis-enrrender any of He priuoiplea.betrayed into the folly of any enoh surrender, it wouldbad undergone the vilest, persecution to expose the hypocrisy of this scheme, the same churoh doors were c»osed against him, and seemed rusted in their birges, and he was met everywhere with insult, outage, and even mob violence.by ex-Senator Wright, and speeches were made by General Theodore Kunyon,C.L. C. Gifford, President of the Senate, P. D. Moore of this city, and Mr. Draper of Lynn. The latter gave a general history of the si rikes, their causes, and what they hoped to accomplish.^—rend it from turret to foundation-stone. There ehculd be a duty on hypocrisy, a tax on humbug, au excise on cant, to reach these sticklers for law andTHE NEW PLA Y .At this house was produced last night an Irish drama,Mr. John Larcombe, the money, clerk and book- keeper of Mr. Wendell, the late public printer, testi- fies as follows:intended to convey was this, that pending the Con- gressional Election of 1858, I suggested to hrm the suspension of the payment of this monthly stipend topersons charged! Mr. KIBLACK (Dero., Ind.) hoped his colleaepae Violence and outrage were its Alpha and Oniega, never probably varied since the original Irish dramaSZJS'SEZJSSTXJZth.nBoalcfrtomofWahplaya.nooneof^Wa.smceft. first invention of that style of thing has ever, we be- lieve, been content to appear before a patient public with a siDgle name. This play is of the serious cast, and, like all would-be-serious Irish dramas, ia made up of a stock of ingredients, the inventory of wliich hassignifies to his Cabinet that he would be pleased to see A, B, or C get it, as a matter of course they will obey bis wishes. It has been a matter of custom for the President to dispose of it. Mr. Buchanan has done it. and bis predecessor, Mr. Pierce, did it. I never had any intercourse with the Cabinet in the matter; my Intercourse has been direct with Mr. Buchanan, and was so with Mr. Pierce.stitutes the harmony of the world. No law and con- stitutional guaranties, however solemn, could bind the conscience of any citizen of any nation under heavenQ. Was there ever any understanding with youQ. Was Mr. Landy a candidate, at that time, in theDistrict which was called Landy's District ? A. I am carrying it out; so that the sin. or blame of stoppingIf the party could beSNEW-YORK&by ekud hy wme Spartacns would rise In choir mid»t non-rent-paying Irish peasant, who is provided with theunfailing wife and the ever-to-be-depended-Oh child. Then there are the serio-comic sheriffs officers, all of whom have been made on the same pattern from time immemorial, and are the only ones who receive the sympathy of the audience, who are commonly of the opinion that the derelict tenant is served right. Thenthere is the always-to-be-cxpected-becauee-he-is-the hero-of-the-play, impudent, ragged, meddling, im- pertinent, officious, Impossible Irishman, who champions the tenant and his wife and the child, who knocks down the sheriff and all his posse with one hand, and has an easy job of it at that—who sings sentimental songs—who dances grotesque dances —who makes love to all the women—who defeats all the villains—^ho sets everybody and everything right at the end, and marries the prettiest woman in the play. Then there is the pretty Irish girl, who comes nobody knows where from, and says nobody knows what, and goes nobody knows where, except that of course she marries the Impossible Irishman aforesaid. Then there are robbers, and peasants, and sailors, and all sorts of people, whose mission it chiefly seems to be to be knocked down and banged about by the interfering Irishman before mentioned, who scorns to fight lees than four or five to one. And this is all there is of the new Irish drama of last night. Not a novel character, not an original idea, not even anew combina- tion of tbe old ingredients, but a dreary, weary, melan- choly waste of words, without the relief of a single gleam of sense, wit, or interest, from the prosy begin- ning to the welcome conclusion. The audience, which was a large one, endured it with commendable pa- tience, and the tediousnees of the evening's perform- ance was afterward, probably, somewhat mitigated by a couple of farces, which were played some time in the course of tbe night.The acting, with one or two exceptions, was not to be highly praised. Mr. Sefton was good. Mr. A. W . Fenno, who, with a valuable ring on his finger, played the etaring man, was simply execrable; perhaps, how- ever, it was as much owing to the wretched clap-trap the author put into his mouth as to any shortcomings of the actor himself.The scenery, which was painted by Mr. Gaapard Maeder, a young artist of much promise, is good. Mr. Maeder's performances are as yet comparatively un-known to the public, but he will be heard of hereafter. Tho play will bo repeated to-night.s *popular scverei*. nty he was either whipped like a the presence of many citi/^ns, among whom were our by a Reformed Dutch ChurchI McKeon used the up- cost for duplicating them would run up to p*niel into submiroion, or kicked like a cur oat of the ci'y officers, and other prominent men. This is the ,per floor, where the fire was discovered, as a store- $50,000; but I showed by an estimate that $37,500The Chairman of the Committee having asked Mr. I>eath ol the Hon. Francis Mallory. Wendell asto his motives in becoming owner of thefor sea.Question. At the disposal of the President-? A. Yes, Sir. That patronage the organ has commanded for years, it being impossible to keep a paper up here without Government support.Q. Is this $100,000 worth of patronage you speakof at the disposal of the President personally? A.to pieces. These are all the particulars as yet received.From Albany.ALBANY, Monday, March 26, 1860.The Hon. A. B. Williams, Senator of Wayne County, is detained at home by a serious attack of erysipelas in tbe head. He was taken sick on the wayhome with his family. There is very little probability of his return this session. Senator Williams has sup- ported the Pro-Rata and Assembly Toll bills; his ab- sence, therefore, loses one vote to these measures.•Suffolk County Election. BOSTON, Monday, March 26, 1860.Jeroes W . Rice was to-day elected Register of Suf- folk County.T h e Cari»tanj?-Shaw Case.ST. LOUIS, Monday, March 26. 1860.The defense in the Carstang-Shaw case closed to-day. Nancy Wilbur of Charleston testified this morn-ing to having seen John P . Seaman and Miss Carstangin bed together, and at another time lying on the floor to aid in subduicg the flames, when he found a pile of what are called the regular annual documents ot Con- of her shop with Mr. Seaman, partially undressed. The old and shreded rope, some shavings and boards burn- cresB, of which the number regularly supplied to the Court will hold three sessions daily hereafter in order ing in the center of the room. Surrouncing this burn- House is, I think, 1,520, and the Senate, 1,420, and to finish the case this week. The rebutting testimony ing pile were a number of sleighs piled on the top of which documents are bound in calf—the most exten- will commence to-morrow.St. Joseph and Marysville Railroad. ST. JOSKPH, Mo., Monday, March 26, 1860.used for political ourposes 7 A.—None in the world. paid non-political department. O.—By Mr. Killinger—At the time the money youether words, the Republican party was the party of 'ib<»vaJ ideas, of progress, improvement, public edu" cation, :uid protection, and they would develop those •dea* lust so far as discretion would allow, said the Constitution would admit. The Republican party was 2 saiied upon not widely different grounds at the ? ortb; there were extreme men who held that the £'vnautation upholds and sanctions Slavery, arid guar- *ntee* property in man; that it was designed to se-cure property in man; that it was designed to secure l oat end alone, and that all departments of Govern- ment have been controlled for that purpose. They saythat while the Republicans confine themselves to the Constitution they can do nothing to limit and restrain Slavery, and that the only hope of Liberty is the over- throw of that instrument, and the Government with it. The extremistsof the South held exactly the same views in regard to the Constitution, but urged that the Repub- licans were a standing menace to their institution, and their attempted administration of government, even by the w31 of the people constitutionally expressed, was to he resisted by force of arms. The Abolitionists ad- vised them to dissolve, because they were weak and 3p»poteot. The Oligarchists, with equal coolness and greater impudence, required them to disarm, because strangely pervertea from its legitimate meaning. In- stead of meaning a government of the people lor the benefit of the maiiy,' it had come to represent a gov-& X^L- for tne oenetfc of a prfvf/eged few, reversingi.r gulden rule, and regarding education, progress, and«anghteoment, as curses instead of blessings, cemand-^o£ tew guarantees for enslavement of men. Whenjdzt n Democracy ibund a man in its rankd in favor the St. Joseph and Marysvilie road this afternoon, in stable office. The second storv is occupied as a church and other materials use in putting them up, that theMINOR CITY ITEMS.—The sightless sockets of the City Hall cupola have at last received the clock dials, and in a few days we may hope that the Corporation timepiece will be iu running order The Aldermanic Contested Seat Committee again deferred their meeting for the hearing of testimony in the case of Peter Mitch-The first rail ever laid in Kansas was put down onThe buildiDg is three storieshigh. The first story ispartly occupied by Wm. Delamater <fc Co., as a gro- ments. I think, if you would take into consideration cery, and the remainder by Thomas McKeon asa livery tbe paper used about the packing room, and the twine|«rty. ThiswastiepartythatdenouncedthoRe- commencementoftbefirstsectionofthegreatPacific room,,andwasinsuredintheStnyveeantInsurance publican organization us the embodiment of treason, Railroad west of the Missouri, which will be rapidly Company. McKeon and a hackman named Thomas because it stands in the way of a spread of ita prom- pushed forward. Tbe shrill whistle of the first loco- Fitzgerald, inhis employ, were arrested on suspicionwereexpendedaloneforthepaperandprinting; I discovered that the paper accounts were kept in a very loose manner'—indeed, extraordinarily so; for instance, paper amounting to some hundreds of thou- sands of dollars had been received by a man employed in the printing-onice as a watchman, who was in the habit of receiving from vessels and from the cars large invoices of paper sent by the contractors to the Gov- ernment, and who would simply tear off a small piece of the outside sheet of the printing paper and writegaveittoaMr.Rice,forwhomMr.Wendelldidthe work, and received forty-three centB on a dollar. Mere ia what followed: ' , ... ^x-6. Was there any understanding when this worst was given to Rice that any newspaper was to be sup- ported out of it ? A. It was understood .that it wasearly in June.The United States Mail steamship Illinois, Capt S. P . Grifiin, proceeded down the bay yesterday mora ing on a trial trip, and returned in the afternoon to Pierespoxdence havingion inquirin^r into • feed sixteen ;milliot»» of slaves' over the Territories motive in Kansas will be heard in a few days. Emi of having set the premises on fire.board American vnd in the 8 a<ee, aud because it is likely in the gration to Pike's Peak is fast reviving, and many are future to resist tne opening of the accursed traffic arriving daily, bound to the mines.Another fire occurred, at 2J o'clock yesterday morn- ing, in a grocery and liquor store No. 33 Goerek street. kept by Mr. Henneesy. The damage, done amounted to about »200. Mr. Hennessy was arrested on sus- picion of cims?ng the fire. His friends claimed, how- ever, that thev would be able to establish his inno-the foJfowing pre- which ail nations now deuounce as piracy, but whichModern Democracy will aoon demand shall be re-Gla«M Coffins.LOUTSviLT.K, Ky., Monday, March 26, 1860.for the support of The Pcnnsylvamatb—such, was the No. 3 North Rivev, preparatory to-her departure for understanding. . _^d tV*> boWla? of pe*- opened. He woaJd not deny the charge that slaversQ. The understanding between whom ? A. The understanding between the President and the Post- master-General. •.*••«, ,., " ., >„6 . By Mr. Hindman. How did you know that ?A. From conversations I held wkh them; I insisted upon having more of the profits of the printing to sup- port 1 he union, as it was one of those rather unprofit- able pecuniary organs, and Mr. Rice was very olamor- ons to have a share for The Pennsylvanian, and we finally settled on forty-three cents on thedollar; I then made a contract with Mr. Crowell, who did the work for me for forty-five cents or fit'ey cents on the dollar J he did it a portion qf the time for forty-five centa and aSouthampton and Havre, April 7. This ship has been refitted for the European service, and will take pes* sengers at reduced fares.THK PAINTERS,—Lj&st evening a mass meeting un der the auspices of the New-York Hoase Painters' So- ciety was held at Military Hall, Bowery. Reports w*re received from about a dozen shops acceding to the demands of the Society, $2 per day. A letter wasread from the Secretary of a similar Society in JPhlla-April.FIRES.—A fire occuired at the north-east corner of Third avenue and Eighty-sixth street, on Sunday night, between 12 and 1 o'clock. It was soon discovered by Officer Gerrit, of the Twenty-third Precinct Police, who saw flashes of light through the third-story win- dows. After giving the alarm he returned to the place. every occasion where the same documents were or- dered by both Houses, and tbe composition executed but once; we traced $25,000 which we found was drawn every year for double composition, without going into the smaller items of printing, which would have run the amount up to at least $30,000 a year; thateach other. Fortunately a few pails • of water served to exth'ttuish the flames.isive binding—and furnished to every member of the Government entitled to receive a copy, that $37,500 were expended every year for duplicating these docu-to influence the elections in different districtsV A. There is no doubt in my mind as to that fact.Mr. Wendell being recalled, and asked if the Presi- dent had been in thehabit of dispensing the Post-Office printing, replied that, prior to 1856, it was done by contract, but that under Mr. Buchanan it was done byMr. Moees H. Grinnell The Scoteh Presbyterian Church in Fourteenth street, under tbe partoral oare of the Kev. Dr. McElroy, has given a unanimous call to the Rev. B. W . Honry of Chicago to become associate pastor with the Twnerable Dr. Mt-Elroy. Mr. HenryAbout y o'clock last night a fire was discovered mtho building No. 3J2 Pearl street, but before muchdamage was austainod the premises were broken intoand the flanes extinguished. The first floor is occupied those notes or pieces of paper lying around loose in the by Mr. Marshall as a leathor store, part of the second office, but enough to make a scrap-book; I collected floor by M. Metegar, tobacconist, and pai-tby A. Lowe, them all in a scrap-book, which I kept in the office,A fire yesterday morning destroyed Gibson's cabinet-shop and several adjoining buildings, including the last maker: the third, fourth, and fifth floors by Haight and which was there when I left.Odd Fellows and Masonic lodges and all their con- &c Sons. On examination it was discovered that theQ. Do you know the name of this man ? A. I think his name was Wallace; this immense amount of paper, I fourd, was in the sole charge of this irresponsible man, who had no connection with.the Government, but was in tho employ of a pfivato individual, and Itents.Btairs were completely saturated with campbene; onthe third fleor W«B found a demijohn filled with cam-phene. surrounded with cotton, and a alow match at-tached, which fortunately had been exhausted in timeTOprevent disaster. The work wan evidently that of found that he was in the habit of sending the paperdelphia proposing the formation of a National Society ,. , . , ., - , - ..^ . of HOUB* Painters. It waa received with applause.•T h e W e l l a n d C a n a l .portion of the time for fifty cents; I had also the Ex.ec-expoiiaefc of The Union being very large I yi^m^ ttcmbera were aduuttod; when the uv>euu|j[ adjourned.Untitled Document:•;• "jv';^-'DAIL YThe " Contempt" Case of the Pitts- HIGHLYINTERESTINGFROM*WASHINGTON. office, and waa owned by WendelL and by him rented bhuik printing; I oould not keep it, however. »TRIBUNE,TUESDA Y ,MARCH27, 1^60./b u r g h City Council*. PHILADF.LPHTA, Monday, Maroh 26, I860.The members of tbe Council$of Pittsburgh appeared before the Supreme Court to-day to answer to ape* rerxptory mandamus, commanding.them to make pro- vision for the paj ment of tbe interest upon the bonds, issued by Pittsburgh as a subscription to the Chartreux Valley Ra'lrosd Ccmpany. The return made by the memo* re of the Select Council states that the ordinance was passed laying a tax of four quarter mills on March 19, and sent to the Common Counoil for concurrence. Five members of the Common Council return a wil- lingness to vote for the tax, but say they have had no opportunity, the majority of said Council beinsr op- pofed to assessment, no action could be had, and noprovision had been made for the assessment. The re- torn from the members, who refupe to obey the man- damus, states that they are not advised of the amount of interest"due, and have no record or means of ascer- taining the eame; that, acting upon their several oathsfound in Helper's Impending Crisis, a work indorsed to levy and assess a tax on their con- was elected Printer of the House, but never performed inquire into thete abuses of the public printing; be Senate printing in case he was elected Printer to tha»by the public at its own expanse for fifty cent* on the Union from the profits of the executive' work/ aodT * W h o Got -the Money, »a»d who Spent it. dollar; I would be willing—and this will show my im- therefore proposed to giva it to any party that srigfepression on the subjects—I would be willing, as aprinter, to give bond and security to execute tbe entirepublic priLting and bindii g at a saving to the Govern-ment of $100,000 a year en present prices, and I wouldthen, if receiving all the profits over and above thatamount, consider mystlf making a good bargain; I aid for The Pennsylvanian, and finally T had to*«e- believe from $120,000 to $140,000 might be saved by c*de to giving $20,000 per annum $10,000 per aooum is Chairman, have nearly completed th^ir investigation the Government executing its own printing and of which Mr. Baker obtained for The Pe%gt$lvaman ; into the manner in which the public printing has hith- bicdiDg. I have been informed that $10,000 of the fSOjOOO w*urC U R I O U SBEVJEX.A TIONS.the President, and to pay $10,000 per annum wae my first propositi*;n; pendiog that proposition, Mr. Baker, - the Collector of Philadelphia, came down" td eroottf*Cornelius Wendell testifies that he wati the printerby givirg him orders on the Poet.Office work, Which, he could not draw, having no orders on it.Q. Was it understood, when you transferred The Union to Mr. Bowman, that $20,000 should be diT»»t- ed out of the proceeds of the Post-Office printing*.byyou to its support? A. Yes, Sir, that was the under- standing. sQ. Between whom 1 A. Tbe paper was drawn tr£ by Judge Black; it was between Mr. Bowman Z3ULmyself, we being put forward as tbe active men.Q. Was the President consulted in relation to it air anytime? A. I first addressed a note to the Prece-dent—to Judge Nicholson, who was my friend in the • " tion with him; he threatened to resign and make a an interest with him in the House printing, cannot be case, for the President, and he took it up to him; i *judgment in tbe premises. Tbe undersigned, profess- and Steadman "being very anxious for money," printers itself, ard leave out tbe intermediates.ing, and he has given it " to the printer most generallyeler, ete.MEMPHIS, Monday, March 26,1860. " connected with tbe organ of the President"—thatwas reformed by an act at the close of the last session of Congress; I discovered further, on looking intocars so many reams of 56 48, or 45-pound paper," as the case might be, and address that note to the Super- intendent's office; I found I do not know bow many of-*District at that time.Q. To whose election was this money appropriated ?A. That I could not tell.Q. Was it appropriated for the election of the Dem-ocratic candidate or the People's candidate ? A. Al- ways for the Democratic cause.Q. How much was spent in that District ? A. I think there were two drafts inside of $1,000; one perhaps for $500, the other for $300.mechanic peffornrng tbe work, and of diverting the money to other purposes, if it was a sin, rests upon me alone.Q. By the Chairman. Did the President agree to 3 our suggestion ? A. He did not dissent from it.Q. You made the statement you have just given lis to him ? A. I did.Q. Were your relations with him of a very intim* te character during your connection with the Governme ntmerely made a memorandum of tbe amount of money tbat he had contributed, he believed, in nearly evorv - that went into Pennsylvania durinzthat time. I have District. • i J the amounts that were paid toward sustaining ThePhiladelphia Pennsylvanian and Evening Argus. THE FIKE COMMISSIONERS AND THE ALDERI IEN.— .Q. You do not know the amount 01 money thatwent into J. Glancy Jones's district ? A. I do not re- The Fire Commissioners recently tried John Kea rrigan,.Mr. James English, Mr. Wendell's foreman for six member. a fireman, for an unprovoked assault on anoth er fire- 'years past, statep, under oath: With such an estab- lishment as Mr. Wendell's, I could take the printing and do it for fifty cents on the dollar, and make money; as an evidence of that fact, Mr. Larccmbe and myself bave offered to do it for Mr. Wendoll, in case he" got the whole of it, for forty cents on. the dollar, and at that rate we would have been able to make a few dollars. . ~Mr. Larccmbe. also a practical printer, states: " I should be very glad to have the opportunity to do the Government work at 50 per cent."" On the prices now paid 1""Yes, Sir."" Could you not do it at 40 per cent on the price nowpaid?"" Mr. English and myself offered to do it for Wen-dell for that."Mr. George W. Bowman, late Superintendent of thePublic Printing, thus-^explains to the Committee onesource oi these immense profits:When I was appointed Superintendent of the Public .sent into Pennsylvania in the Fall of 1858 had been,sioners. A persistence in this course by the C ommoTi7 Council will only hasten the inevitable coming of. a.Printing I discovered that about $30,000 a year were paid for what is called•" double composition;" that is to say, a Printer was elected for the Senate and a Pi inter for the House, and by a power of attorney their rights were transferred to Mr. Wendell, and he became the printer, in fact, for both Houses of Con- gress; for instance, the message and documents would be ordered by the Senate, and a certificate would be given by the Superintendent of Public Printing to Mr. Steadman, as Printer of the House, for the composi- tion and printing of the message and documents; thus pay would be drawn for the work on account of the House Printer, and then a bill would be pre- sented by; Wendell, in the name of Mr. Harris, -the Senate Printer, for the Composition and printing of the meesage and documents for .the Senate; and thus the same work would be twice charged and paid for. This was done onpaid for political purposes ? A. It did. W:r-~ Q.—You have no doubt of those moneys having beenQ. Can you approximate to it? A. If my memory man, named Britt, both of them members oi c Hose serves me, there was $500 sent there on one occasion. Company No. 15, found him guilty, and expeT leclrhim.Instead of speaking of the $11,19857 having been spentin the Fall election of 1808 in Pennsylvania, I should from the Department. Mr. Kerrigan, however, .had bave said that that amount was contributed to the friends in the Common Council, who procured, a revis- support of the Ponrisylvanian newspaper. The amount ion of the sentence and an order for a new tri.ah.. Thespoke of"was sent into J. Glancy Jones's district, had Mr. Wendell any business relations in that district? A.—None to my knowledge.Q.—Had he any business relations in Mr. Landy's district when he sent money up there in the Fall of 1858? A.—No, Sir.Q. Did you, in November of 1858, accept a draft, tee adjourned to meet on Monday next at 2 p. mfrom J. Glancy Jones's District, in favor of anybody; There will be a lecture by William Curtis Noyes, esq., and if so, for whom and for what amount 7 A. I couldnot now tell; the truth is, there were so many checks, at the Columbia College Law School, No. 37Lafeyette drafts, &c, drawn by or on Mr. Wendell, chiefly from place, this evening at 7£ o'clock. Subject—" The LawPennsylvania, about that time, that I could not, unless Regulating the Enjoyment and Use-of Light." ThisI had the books before me, tell whether there was a 1 lecture is open to the public...The 2d Company, Na-check drawn here, taken to the bank, and a draft ob- tional Guard, Capt. Shaler, will drill at She State tained there which was forwarded, or whether thedraft was drawn on Mr. Wendell. Areenal, corner ot Thirty-fifth street* and Seventh ave- Q. by the Chairman—Were not the entries in the nue, this evening at 8.o'clock.... Mr- Moses H. Griu- check-book of these sums headed " political," to distin- nell has withdrawn from, the house of Grianell, Min-guish them from others ? A. Many of them. were. turn & Co., and the following partners have been Q. And do you not know, from your own knowl-edge, that the checks drawn, of which these entries addmitted: Mr. Robert B- Mmturn, jr., son of Mr. are the memorandums, went to support newspapers, or Robert B. Minturn, and Mr. Irving Grinnell, son ofQ.—By Mr. Clopton.—Does it appear upon the mar-gin of Mr. Wendell's checkbook that these amountswere drawn for political purposes,* or is there simply the VHth Senatorial District. A nusunderstanding a memorandum of the amount drawn ? A. The word." political," as well as the amount in some cases. was effected between the lawyers, so tbat the.Commit-the President and PoBtmaster-General. The President has accepted and will enter upon she duties of his CdloeJuTT t<-**-—..Alii i <*abe deripnated by tbe President.Q Who did you make thin proposition to ? A. xVell agt. Mr. Russell, relative to the right of the seat for ——1 a vmmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069maswww.fultonhistory.com 