 art of*ID)C|« mp v e airy of" sally, ^ ?.b»Tbe iteaa.ag be-dvtice,. i ar gen-,' ariotu*moat- pre-bee iik* actiony th the una thef Stttto- efaoers • arly aar gUyttoa ©ould », :xs it *wkfc ; r move ':Mfc4de> ks, not to. and e>y pro*under*:pvp$> fcg -hafc raha- KM. andpausing; which them.v' «£ «if the) luigton, M army foreign. tecthaa*i oooioj i e r kin— i. Mrs.SHdedl •uiffJves.rNational Union candidates in the South will depend onthe result of the Richmond and Haldmore Conventions.If the. Democratic party should remain divide!, Bell and eacruii[ti:*a^ of" sir 'way SHE right- le Pow*istant- of wel- TatnaBr^cogni- he Eea- gre they womenand oc- culta of eir own re intrc— k leave*«ense, & forbids : custom-shadat; 'in th© -. ction at sre cna- ;vtiung^1800.npie« ©JThi«h re— f foreign >*erepre--- oed com- j<:e, and t h e b a l l *nidens'3left thdy"X»f bnai- ttii after •*o enteri to tho x*d im- < is re- e eeurlyaturdajr BO* Of ft the em* •tiy en- 0 them, hum of jclive oftenantry j<-u*an<l <** pan- K>rtouity . 9bt wereid them. . sword, for fourmade at t officer*i They«invita— tons, La- id dorre- ag, e x - ile paper orations . writing. n«ed on i#lazion» " ><* who-guided. Tbcy >f roan—. iy #>ia£ ervtiona uechan* 'the J a - J first o f visitor*ad took r I>abl~ to theiiaety- . x plana-- ie man--••«'•••—The Douglas demonstration to be held" at the Cooper -Institute this evening will be addressed by many of the most prominent politicians in the country,newest pf 'what is called the new rules of the rin I Tennessee resolution is a barren and useless abstrac- am glad ly, however, that through the deterniiha-t i o n to the South, and is calculated to do mischief in t ion of $1 A\, I have got a day set for a new battle, the Free States. Our friends in New-York would find but 1 est mention it at present, as it would con.*; that it would make them a great deal of trouble, and back he e n time to interrupt tho meeting. In thomean time, 1 think I shall go over to Ireland to train, do them infinite injury in the campaign, and make it or to some lace at any rate where 1 shall not bo ha-and 2, 64 between 2 and 5, 24 between 5 and 10, 5between 10 and 17, 12 between 17 and 20, 68 from 20to'40, 45'from 40 to .60, 28 between 60 and 80, and 5.from 80 to 100, In respect to their nativity, 295 wore ERIE RAILROAD SUMMER.ARRANGEMENTS.—Anew anything. Their search led them into the garden,%&&displayedthroughoutthomostinterestinthepro>_ joeedmgtt, then observed that, although acirUfauction^noturalir.ationpapers,whichheisentitledtoatonce,on proving the facts stated above.Commander Dahlgren then invited the Japanese to, didate. , '•' •I am su] that no one can aver that there was more hatred be [een Great Britain and her Colonies, ten, bl- even five ears before our Revolution, than now exist-i between a North and South; and the cause, if causetrrms for his hcartlessness in driving ofF without ascer- bring meat to the oflal 'dock of thoir own accord, be- taining the extent of the lady's injuries or proflcring cause they cannot sell it. Diseased trij[)o is so common assistance. Mrs. Mitchell was a native of this city, that boxes of four hundred pounds are brought to theing that these gentry do not like to face the penal iea Attached to the keoping of disorderly houses. .Mr. Ipharlea Dickerson, the agent sent bore by tbe gitate of California, for tbe protection of emigrants destined t» Chat State, has been instnimental in producing this panic among the tdcket-swindlers, and does not intend tp tire in hie exertions so long as there is* one left to> Prosecute. If our Police magistrates will but sustain him in his action—devoting a little more of their time ifOpunishing criminals, and a little lees to earning vote» for reelection—we may hope to see this leng-standingabuse exterminated.»••ROBBERY ON THE HIGH SEAS.—Merchants of th£«' jcity who have been in tbe habit of sending goods to (Mobile, have frequently received letters from their • {customers in that city, stating that packages shipped py the sloop D. S. Williams often fell short. Recently the second mate, Patrick Mocklcr, was arrested on.jsuspicion of stealing from tho sloop, but finally smt- Lpicibn also feJl upon the captain, D. S. Williams, and paisbrother,D.F.Williams.Onthearrivalofthe isloop at this port; a day or two since, Detectives Slowey and King went on board of her, and there (found a barrel full of miscellaneous goods which should have been left at Mobile. They then went U Forked River, near Barncgat, where the Captain lived, and searched kis house, but without findingvisit tbe jfavy Yard, and to witness the operation* and •«tfect of the heavy ordnance there. This proposition tbey very promptly accepted, and next Wednesday was fixed for the event. The Japunese were well pleased to learn that specimens of the various firearms could be obtained and taken home with them, and re- ceived with thanks a book npon boat howitzer practice-which was presented to them.THE REVENUE OP JAPAN'.During this interview the subject of the revenue of •Japan was introduced. In answer to a question from •Commander Dahlgren, the Embassadors stated, after. .some consultation, that it amounted to about $500,000,- •000, principally derived from tax upon agricultural produce, rice being the staple crop. Of this 30 per cent i.* the revenue of the general government, and 70— 'l'i-e. N. O. Brc thinks .that the fortunes of the th.ere be, slants likely to endure. Demagogues, Northand South, fan this flame for selfish an i ambitious ob- jecis; at( tbu great masses, which are usually inertand 'was 69 years of age.f....dock almost; every day. Turtles,•'., and terrapin, aro seized in large quantities. Last week there wero 22 on a single day. They average about ten a week during the present season, Deseased.fish are broughttion was in Session, the Hon. Abraham Lincoln stepped affiliation, are invited to attend the Richmond Conven- i n t o w i t n e s s t h o p r o c e e d i n g s . H i s a p p e a r a n c e w a s t i o n . T h i s i s c e r t a i n l y a n o b j e c t i o n a b l e f e a t u r e i n t h e greeted with the utmost enthusiasm., He had hardly Convention; but it "does not alter its character, as aPlcanc i;ive my regards to all friends, and believe me,j T r u l y y o n r * . . J . C . U t E N A N .P. S.--We!will have no speculation in the next fightbeen acquainted with the lady, and some with whomexactly one half the fare of the old ferry. No partSouthern Convention, to support Southern rights and in the wav of railroad .trains or three-guinea tickets. take* bis seat when Mr. Oglesby of Decatur announced interests." There will be merely a party of twenty-five a side,she had boarded, fully recognized.Mrs. Richardson in of the country in the \uch»ity of New-York is more the body of the murdered woman. Peculiar marks on desirable as a residence than the North Shore of Staten/Winter, but are merely driven into a corner, where I they prevent the formation of ice by tbeir motion and their natural warmth. In a pond without any currentjit may be necessary to protect them a little more whenNEWy#>RK DAILY TRIBUNE; i^JESDAYi MAYj2^:1860.%•*%— T7ie Co-nstitvtionSs engagedBuchanan's position on the Slavery queatiou, and prov- ing his consistency. What a work of supererogation.LONDON, May 5, 18G0. DKAitijSijlRiT: I am happy to inform you that I am Lieutenant-Governor of Illinois, has been forced by very wo I, I no that the little scar I got under the.eye—The Hon. P . A. Hoffman, who was nominated forcorresponding week of last year.. Of deaths resulting from absolute disease, 62 wore cases of consumption, 50 ofscarlet fever, 33 of inflammation of tho lungs, 25 of infantile convulsions", 19- of dropsy, in the head, 19 ofill health to decline the nomination. be filled by the State Committee.The vacancy willalmost ei firely gone. In a we*»k or more no one infantile marasmus, 13 of inflammation of the bram, is a— TiieCntcimiatt Enquirer, one- of Mr. Douglas's' ablest supporters, treats with scorn the suggestion thatdifwue, 10 of small-pox,'8 of congestion of the lungs,'8 of bronchitis, 8 of infantile debility, 6 of dropsy, 5 m. every Tuesday, and forwarded to connect with theif the programme be carried out. Col. Richardson, much harder to redeem their State from tho grasp of r-ttstd m I wai..before. They gave me a pretty rough ibrracrly candidate for Speaker of the Honse, and the'enemy." The Enquirer adds, that the chief, busi- time of t -fj-ith their warrants and notices to quit, aud more lately for Governor of Illinois, will lead otF, and ness of the Baltimore Convention wilt.be to consum- J want:io :t)ore of that kind of exercise. I must sayj be followed by th»* Hon. Rof>ert J. Walker, formerly mate the nomination of Mr. Douglas. " After what bowevq that 1' have but little faith in beingcountries.went into effect on '.Monday morning, according towhich the departure of the trains hence is as follows:7:00 x m . , KxprocB for Dunkirk and Buffalo. .7:55a. in.,* for Pnterfon and way stations.9:00 a.m., Mail for Dunkirk and principal way stations.company with the trunk,. brought to this city. Here the goods "were identified by various merchants as having been stolen from packages sent by them, to Mo- bile. The prisoners were then locked up to await an investigation of the matter. They will be tried in the United States Court on the complaint made against them by the victimized merchants. Subsequently the same officers discovered, another trunk full of miscel-able to et the belt, though 1 have the most Secretary Of the Treasury, the Hon. Andrew J. Ham- Las transpired—after the- vote he has received, and perfect <:oijpdeuce in being able to win it hi less thanilton of Texas, the Hon. H. M. Watterflon of Tennes- with the feeling that exists—it is useless to talk of any linIf an hotr. The persons who wero willing to betinexplainingMr.LETTER[F'row Willie*' Spirit of The Times.4^lime;:ov, J f wortWeaa for such purposes^' they'arofojrlife. plaintagainHtthecbivalrouaGeneralfw*aeaanlta»d battery, but the case hae not jai appeared in the PoHeables in Fourteenth street. The lady requiring imme- definite instructions, or ratify the actio I of the scccd- —In a per dated April oO, ox-President Fillmore diate attention, Allen was suffered to depart, and basHon. Howell Cobb, whilo opposing the idea of hav- and am tf dug no-part in politic.-; but, though silent,; The. diseased meat seized by the | market inspectors is very large in quantity. Probably there is not less than one hundred pounds a t . this season confiscateding tho State .represented at Baltimore, thinks a State Convention should be.called to tako action on the sub- ject. • He also thinks the Richmond Convention should adjourn to a day subsequent to that of Baltimore, iu order to " afford every opportunity for healing the dis- sensions in our party and bringing its different por- tions once moro into united and cordial cooperation upon a sound platform and in support of a sound.can-I am byevents,anxiety, not to say alarm, upon the present state of ducing compression of the.brain. The Jury renderedand Lincoln will have a very large vote, aud will carryhave been 402, of which 125 were girls, 121 boys, in by bairels. Sometimes there are ton barrels a day:several States. Otherwise not.*Thns-the offal of the city, which does not find its way •tbe previous week,, and an increase of 39 over tho' into the sewers and docks, is disj>osed of in a mannerb' meat-H an inaifferent spectator of passing vrhere she soon after expired. It was found that shehitd sustained a compound fracture of the skull, pro- ihirgs. t appears to m<s that ho must have read his- a verdict of "Death from compression of the brain, inin th»: contrary, I look with the most mtensotory to li e profit who does not see, in the growing jealousy d hnfred hetwjeen the Nor;h and the South, the seedji of discord and civil strife, which may endnd they were held to bail to amwer. Since then, tho daily. During the hot season there is much more, and jwindlers have effected a compromise with Mr. James,are likely to be drawn into the contcs!. d, nolens vdlew* May Heaven save us, for I - f e p we aro unable or unwilling to sayo our-selves.. CITY' MOU.TAT.TTT.—Tho City Inspector reports tbo let al number of deaths in this city last week toand past'iK'FROM JOHN C.IIEEXAfcleast.detrimental to the public health.THE PONT EXPRESS—AN OKEICE IN NEW-YORK.— Messrs. Russell & Co., of tho Pony Express from St. Joseph to San Francisco, have opened an office in this city, in tho new building at the corner of Broadway and Fulton-street, where letters are received up to 5 p.would *hp{ >se for a moment that I bad ever been hitat all. 1 net|( not say anything to you about the mannerin whicii t|l e-fight was brought to a conclusion—onlythis, I halve| o fault wich Savers for anything that was11 of'congcfifion of the brain, 11 Of croup,-'11 of heartdone, lit w itenatnrnl that lie should avail himself ofper cent that of tie rulers of the several States, each the Democratic Platform is to be reconsidered at Char- every o||po: unity that ottered to save his bolt and his. Aof diphthcrite, 4 of palsy, 2 of teething, 1 of insanity, evening at 11 o'clock. Telegrams maybe sent to St.of which has its distinct though tributary and subordi- leston. " We aro confident,'" it says, " the Disuniou- hard-earirec reputation; but there aro others whom I awl the remainder of various other diseases. Of those Jeweph on Saturday. Tho tariff is as follows: for ten nate government. It seems almost impossible that this i-ts are counting without their hosts, when they claim hold i es on|iblofor depriving mc of what I earned, resulting from external and other causes not depend- words, $6 90, and for each additional word, thirtyestimatecanhave'beencorrectlymade,accordingto thatthedelegationfromthegreatandpatrioticState andallflilt*amsorryforis,thatthereisnoearthly way in jtrhifl;h I.can get redrew. I am entirely in thecents.Theexpresschargesare:lettersweighinghalf 6 premature births, 4 asphyxia, 4 old age, 3 " cas.ual- an ounce or under, $5; over half an ounce and under ties," 2 suicide, and 1 exposure. Classified in respect one ounce, :$10; in all. cases to be inclosed in Govern- to their ages: 90 were under one year, 47 between! ment stamped envelopes, and all express charges pre- paid. Persons sending letters by this express should see that they are thoroughly dried, to prevent mildew.. ©ur currency. The total ia probably exaggerated. It of New-York will assist tl-em to reopen it. by asking hands ol would require a tax of.more than $10 a head, or for the adoption of the Tennessee resolutioo. Tho be reliefreferee, and he says Sayers lnid a* right to hen I got him ". in chancery/' so he gave tbs to get his wind and "come to time.ng spoil! This, 1 think, should he thoabout $o0 a tamily.POLITICAL.,Democracy are not going to change or modify their him twocreed .to obtain their support. What is known as the Rathertively identified as that of Mrs. Ada Richardson, in 12:05 p. ni.,'* for Paterson and all way stations.' 2:35-p. in.,* for Patersbn and all way stations. .that Mi; "D nvliug, who showed me so-much favor at health',-the question now is, not who murdered Mrs. • 5:30 p. HI.,* for Suffems and all way stations. of New-York, the Hon. John- A. Logan of Illinois, ,—"-We venture to say," declares The. Cincinnati the lastiffig! t, is looked up to by .tho boxers here ns the 6:25 p. in.,* lor Paterson and all way stations.100 to 4 minst ine before will not let me have itAiiiew Taylor of Louisiana, the Hon. Lyman Tn;main he made." underaiv i ircUmstances, and .it must not be forgotten son having returned to this city alive. and in good • 5:00 p.m., Express for Dunkirk and Buffalo. '"see, the Hon. E. C. Marshall of Kentucky,, the Hot). other nomination. It has got to be made, and it willSenator Clingman of Xorth Carolina, and many others Ga~ctt.c, ut.hnt there is riotju the whole West a man natural jprMector of the trophy of Old -England. There Richardson, but who is the woman found? It has • • 7:25"p. in.;* for Paterson and all way stations.''u laneous goods buried in a sand-bank on Staten .Island-too numerous to mention. The Hon. Alexander H. Stephens of' Georgia has telegraphed to say that he will be present and address the meeting, in case ho can arrive time enough^r-bis invitation not having reached 3rim until almost too late. The friends of Judge Doug- las anticipate a very large meeting, and have made ar-.xangementsforstandsandlightsintheopenair,toen-tertain the expected multitude who will not be able toprocure admission. The ostensible object of the uieet-who stands higher in .popular confidence than Old are a huncied difficulties in th<3 way, and the fighting, been, froa the first discovery, of tho body, a case of *£turting time from Jersey City.p>jrt is, so krasl.am concerned, the least one of all.Abe Lincoln. He is a man of the people. He has They now ay that the Government, will surely iriter-risen by the force of his own energy from the position fere to pre ent us if we attempt to meet again, and in of a ilatboatmnn to the honored bead of the Illinois addition to his, they threaten to prosecute us both forbar. He is a man whom no obstacle could intimidate, what we ! avc already don<5. Rather tight on the American j sople that!. as the boys say at home; and,no defeat check, no .misfortune embitter. A man whose to tell you i io truth, I am a little uneasy that they maylifeisasynonym,ofhonesty,capability,andcnnr^y, keeptheir]!word..Underthisstateofthings,I is Abe Lincoln." shouldn't much wonder now to see Sayers arrested for the first tim|[; and if that course is taken, and he is —The Hon. R. B. Rhett h:ts written a letter urging hound overlfln a heavy sum, I shall be told that it-isnot#• ' • •5ng is to "indorse the course of the New-York delega-tion in voting for Douglas at Charleston-—the real pur- that South Carolina hse represented in the Richmond his fault hexkinnot meet me, and the stakes will be;pose being to strengthen the backs of those ' weak Convention on Mich grounds as these:s i s t e r s " i n t h e c o u n t r y w h o w i l l W* e x p o s e d u n t i l t h e ' " I t i s a s e c t i o n a l C o n v e n t i o n , c a l l e d b y o n e s e c t i o n of the Union,.to support rights aud interests belongingdarwn,:and|tewillkeeptheBelt,forhiitermisoutsometime' in June. To become Champion after that Is h o u l d h a v e j r o w a i t t i l L a n o w b e l t ' i s s u b s c r i b e d f o r ,and then I would have to fight for it with plenty of the. T h e r e u p o n t h e - s ' u e p e c t t d p r i s o n e r w a s r e l e a s e d . T h e n several 'different persons either fully or partially, recog-NEW FERRY TO STATEN ISLAND.—The opposition t o t h e o l d L a w f e r r y t o t h e N o r t h S h o r e o f S t a t e n Island, has at length organized into what, it is hoped,30th of June next to the blandishments of Administra- to one section of the Union, and acknowledged by buttors who have Horatio Seymour in their hearts while the one great national party in the Union—the Demo- a new meeting out of Sayers if possible. So, if I do tresses who had mysteriously disappeared, but who number of the citizens have combined, and have pur-lOQ-fo-^p fellows around to help me to win- it.' How-,w tion patronage, and the wiles of those political opera- one section of the Union. It arises out of the debris of ever, I shall stick to my point as long as I can, and get nized the remains as those of servant girls or seams- will prove a successful and permanent enterprise. A£he name of Douglas is on their tongues. • cratic party—and is intended to counteract its policy. not briijtg over the Belt, "nobody shall say chat'I did were subsequently all found alive. Then the body chased the fast and beautiful steamer Flora, which It is true, that all those of the Democratic party in tue not tnkij every fair chance to get it. . But, I must hold was.sworn to most positively as being that of Mrs. commenced yesterday to make regular'trips from Portf —While the late Illinois State Republican Conven- United States, who agree with the platform tho eight up here, for I have now written the longest letter, Southern States lay down as their criterion of party almost that I ever wrote in my life.Richmond, Factoryville, and New-Brighton to her " unless he should see his wife alive, he should ever dock at the foot of Conrtlandt street in this city. She b e l i e v e t h a t t o b e h e r . " O t h e r g e n t l e m e n w h o h a d i s t o m a k e s e v e r a l , t r i p s a d a y e a c h w a y , a n d c h a r g e sto the delegates that an old Democrat of Macon Coun- —A statement, in some particulars erroneous, hav seconds,'principals, spectators, and all told, aud then Ity, who had grown gray in the service of that party, ing been published of the vote of the New-York Dele hope and think that the best man may win. J. c. H. the body (not on the face and head, as suited), Island. It is remarkable. for its perfect salubrity,, isdesired to make a contribution to the Convention, and gation at Charleston, The Atlas and Argus gives, the offer being accepted, forthwith two old time fence from the notes of the Secretary, the following correctxails, decorated with flags and streamers, were borne version:through the crowd into the Convention, bearing the • For Mr. Ik'Utjhis—Mewrn. Richmond, McLaughlin, Beltoon t,were identified. At the same time, other gentle- unsurpassed for the beauty of its scenery, and beyondinscription :THE l:^osT-0>'FtCE.—-Mr. Dix was at the Post-Officc Cagger, Tit comb, H. J. Miner, Huilaon. Caryl, Glowucki, (Jiik- )-esterday. He will enter upon the duties of his newthe detective office, stating that he had seen her thereas near in point of time to the business part of New-'• ABRAHAM LINCOLN.: . : :formed, jiave alreadv been forwarded to Washington.•"on the 20th of April. Telegraphic communication was York as the upper part of the city is to the lower byhad with the New-Orleans police officers, and the fact omnibus and rail, while the journey to and fro is farof Mrs. Richardson being alive was established beyond preferable to thefse who love fresh air and a briefa doubt. Meanwhile a Boston lady came on and iden- escape from the turmoil of city life. The greattified the. head as being that of her daughter. She drawback to. its growth hitherto has beenBworetbit most emphatically, saying that "she had the (want of ferry accommodation. While on nursed that head from childhood, and knew it to be the Quarantine side there have been, for a largepor-that of her daughter." She even took steps to se- lon of the year, hourly, and sometimes half-hourly cure possession of the head for the purpose of having boats, at the fair rate of sixpence a trip, on the northit buried with the body. Before this was'llone, how- side boats, have run in Summer, only .seven times a".Apart from the mortification of Mr. Seward'sfriends, the nominations of Lincoln and Ilamliu jrivegreat satisfaction. Nothing will be left undone by theRepublicans to cany these nominations; tutd -if theDemocrats do not at once give up their dissensions andunite their forces, they must be badly beaten. It istrue, the Republicans will have a narrow margin torun upon. If they cany all the Free States, exclusiveof Oregon and California, and Kansas i* not admitted who desire the success of the ticket are requested to J ardson «*rtaiuly ought to know his own-wife, and he and the inefficiency of the old and worn-»ut boats, at the present sebsion, their candidate will receive 175; The Rail• FOR PRXHIDKXT IX I860.; Tvro raila Srom &lot of 3,000 made In 1830 : by Tboi<. fJ.-TIAS an.! Ab^ Lincoln—\fUo*f. '. father vet* tho tiTi«t pioueyf of Macon : Comity..THE SUICIDE OF MCDONALD.—If " Civis " will give us his noun; and address, we will print his communicationTHE SEVENTEEN-YEAR LOCUST. To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.•apjjlanse went up from all parts of the " wigwam/' "which grew more and more deafening as it was pro- longed, and which did not wholly subside for ten or fifteen minutes after. The cheers npon cbcera which rent the air could have been heard all over the adjacent country. Of course, " Old Ab#" was called out, and made an explanation of the matter. He stated that,•some thirty years ago, then just emigrating to the State, he'^stopped with his mother's family, f>rone season, in what-is now Macon County; that he built a cabin, split rails, and cultivated a small farm down on the Sangamon River, some six or eight miles froui Decatur. These, he was informed, were taken from that fence; but, whether they were or not, he hadynauled many and luauy better ones nince he had grown to, manhood. The cheers were renewed with the eawe vigor when he concluded his remarks.ever, the detectives discovered the lady's daughter in day, and in Winter five only, and at double tho rate of The Young'Men's Republican Union will hold a the person of a patient at Bellevue Hospital, and re- the. other ferry, or 12 cents. The large number of(.Lincoln and Hamlin. Fireworks, bonfires and illumi- •thlgren !l ' nations were the order of the everjGug, and the greatesthaving. enthusiasm prevailed. Jfavy-the .floating In spittd at Quarantine, that vessels coming .Tao to this nort fr|(im abroad may, without lot or hindrance, " The Douglas men also calculate with some confi- sail di) i-ctly to the city. Such, hojwever, is not thefact.: r f is still protected agahUt imported dis- ie enease b the vcry stringent Quarantine laws adminis- tered.b ilrDr. jGnnn, the Health Officer, who, either inperson >rby teputv, boards all inward-bound vesselssubject to c; lnrantine regulations, and detains thosefrom ii ected ports until^such time as it becomes inani'proc • to Ni.b1w-Yoi-k. Dr. Guiirnsalso about to have a floati. hoap tal put in commission at Quarantine, and a srnal JHteanaboat to attend it,for thepurpose of fur- ther p'rjimotir g the safety of tho city. .The Board of Aldermen last evening had no quorum.FATii. ACCIDENT.—Coroner Schirmor on Sundayduj cd the inquest on the body of Mrs. Caroline G.. coneMitchellof No.1Irvingplace,who waskilled on Saturday bj being run oyer at tho corner of FifthThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069roKuvod lrow H. VV. BosrwiOK, Sola Agent, Metropolitan Ho- DEAD ANIMAL'S AND DISEASED MEAT—THE OFFAL Miss Phipps then said she would bid her good by. el Buildiug, No. 574 Broudwav, Now-York.laidera-' it ws» >r» hftdta'« do-r term«it biuxua, and, broagfat * ausket, . JO«ring ttetand-* were ionl ofi quite i—The following, which occurred in Washington alew days after the nominations at Baltimore, will and tho dissatisfaction among the friends of Mr. Sew-Caudi datephia Press has the following speculations on the com- The effect was electrical. One spontaneous burnt of ing Presidential election:was thrJwn clear off the track by the concussion, and providei tially; escaped without being hurt.feated. If New-York should bolt, tbey are defeated, —Some of the leading Republicans of this city arc if they loee Illinois, New-.Jersey, and Connecticut, speaking seriously of building a Wigwam op the size they.are defeated. It will be perceived, therefore,the Palace Garden and Hall, corner of Fourteenth suspected of murdering her. The detectives were cer- street aiid Sixth avenue, for'the purpose of raising tainly interested im bringing her forward, but simply•.and complexion suited to the wants of the party during the campaign. This is an excellent »U^gention. We Tieed a good rallying place to accommodate the large and growing masses who attend our meetings. A place not too large—say capable of holding 6,000 peo- ple—would answer, and not be too extensive for the voices of speakers in ordinary. This latter con- sideration ought not to be overlooked in constructing such a house. . •—A correspondent at Greenville, Conn., writes to say that "the nomination at Chicago gives nriversal satisfaction among the Republicans here,'' and that *'many Democrats will go with oa on this ticket to change the present corrupt Administration." The nomination, says our correspondent, is tho best that-could- have been made. "*—One hundred guns were fired in Biaghamton, N.*¥., on the evening of the 18th inst., by the YoungMen's Republican Club, in honor of the nominatioa of Marylnuilbecause they knew her to be the true Mrs. Richardson, and, in producing her, were only doingHheirduty. The caseiscertainlyamo«tsingularone,butthemistaken identity is scarcely more singular than two others that have occurred recently in our Courts. A mau named Williams was arrested and locked up for days on a charge of robbing the Post-Oflice. He was identified and sworn to by numerous witnesses, and was about to be tried for the offense, when the detectives traced out another Williams, who was as fully identified by the same witnesses. Other proof was obtiiinc^, and hq was tried and sent to the State Prison, while the first Williams was discharged from custody. The Other case was that of a respectable lawyer who. was arrested-for collecting bogus gas bills. Ilia victimsidentified him, and he was held'to bail to answer. S»bsequer.tly another man was found and arrested for the same offense, waB confronted with the same wit- nesses, who then admitted their mistake. The lawyer was acquitted and the swindler convicted^serve to show how that nomination is looked upon bythe " Jive men" of the South American party. A the South perceive that the choice is between Lincolusceno of action, BOthe offal dock at the foot of Forty-rent Manufacturing Depot. Removed to No. 5Ty Broadw*Tand Douglas, they will then carry nearly all the South- ern Stales, which would render their success beyond all'.doubt. . .''t-'Convention. "Well," said he, ."who did you nomimate?" " We nominated Bell and Everett." "• What! upon the Secessionists to carry off enough Democratic—BeU'and Everett 1'\ "Yes." " Why didn't you nomi votes in the South to enable them to give Bell and Ev- erett the Conservative States in that section.' Should uate Choate ?" " Choatc !—why, he iu dead!" " Oh the latter calculation prove to,be correct, the whole 1 know it; but he has'nt been dead a very long time.' case may be referred to the House of Representatives.The parties in that, body are.classilied as follows: —Mr. J. McKay, of Irving, N. Y., writes to inquire '' H<7»iblicun.—Comwii\cut, Indiana, Iowu, Kamma, Maine, whether he can vote at the next Presidential election MaauBchiuietU, Michiuan, Miuiie*ot<t, New-Harajwhir.., N«w- under the following circumstances: He has been seven Jer«ey, New-York, Ohio, PeniiByh'aaia, Jthodo IwliUid, Vermont,: [Advertisement.]prominent. Southern Opposition member sf Congress /met one of the returning delegates from that-Baltimoreoutrage, but was powerless to prevent it. Miss P .*i.OWERS.~Evor-lovely Mav, with its swwt- Kenfod flowers, its balmy breeze* and »unuy skioa, is not moreyears in this country; was under 18 when he came;Winconitlii—1W. , •" JDmujrratic— Alnbwna, Ark»M>«»», Delaware, ^Florida, Oeor-g!«,.IlHnol«, Louisiana, Mhndwsippi, Miasourf, Oregon, tioutba place called Palisades, 22 miles distant, where, if they are not too much decomposed, they are divested of thoir hides, and manufactured into fat, glue, bone- duet, bone wumure, bone black, and puos phntejoflatest intelligence received from them reported the twain as living aa one flesh, in elegant rooms at the St.Nicholas,aclergymanhavingbeonhastilysum- moned to pronounce, tie fatal worda thai .njutecl them.Liafatherbecameacitizenbeforethesouwas22. answer that 2ir.- McKay can vote after taking out his..vWe„v*..«.,r--«.,VirtduLt,CuliiornLa—14. Carolina, lWu», "Rovthcm Opj>.--Ten>ie)t»e«, M;iryl«nd--5t. " T^t—ifjeBtacky, North CaroUaa—g.Iexou, llu'-kir!, Hulett, Ludlow, Savage, Holley, Warren, S:ct-Hon, A. C. Beach, Spruker, Church, Champlin, Wirchild, Abbott, office oii Wednesday next. His bonds, we are in- Box.«. Knupp. tipiaola, Clfuicv, Miller, In?.ills, Tilden, IMuoo,E*istiuan,i>i«8ell, Johiwon, "VYtvt, IVck. Ogden~-47.For Mr. l>iriHimom—Messrs. Scheli, Driggs, Edsall, G. Beach, EorhaiiK, Wright, Devereau*.-i)e Wolfe,'Mchityre, Staaft, Sey- tf.our, "Stryker,'Hubbard, Heagen, CroswejJ, Ku»«ell, Spencer, Emulall, buttorvi-ortli. Uarlow—20. ;k'rrr Mr. Chfthric— Fowler, Cooper, Cornirig, Miner, Cochrane, Kcinb!>-, Tttig'-, North, Walknr—fo.%\ aterbory and Mr. Larto voted lor Mr. Hunter, nntl Ryndera for Mr. I'r»-cian*iJ;:e.-'Europe wkh which wc are in active commercial rela- lations. •day morning, it ran info a horse and wagon, smashing —The Washington correspondent of The Philadel- the wagbn to pieces, and injuring the horse. The driverSIR: Several persons wore greatly alarmed by ray ] communication respecting tho coming advent of the seventeen- lyoar locust. l'l<>use inform th*>m that the red-eyed Cieada, to jwhich Linnaeus pave the (specific n;:me of Septemdecim, do trot eat, during their lives, above the earth; they only come abov»jjthe ground to fly or crawl from tree to tree for about rive week*, [sinking almost continually; deposit their <'i:gM in the. small (branches of trees, aud die. The males only sing, but their voic« lis sufficiently shrill for treble. They appear to have a most happy (time above ground. The red-eyed American Cicada is batched isoon after it is deposited in the twi.u'. the end of -which falls t<» •the ground, by the fir^t strong wind breaking it off at the placo iwhere the eggs are laid. Tho larva crawls into tire earth, is aoon [supplied with xijc legs, looks much like a large flea, feeds on root*for seventeen years, and, true to the law of its existence, corneaforth in proper time. 2do*t varieties of the Cicada are Kojournera lin the ground only two years, and tho»e kinds usually appear ,about the middle of July, these about the 1st of June, in otrr (latitude, There are about one hundred and fifty species, seventyOf which arc American. T i n y can not devour our vegetable* ,jand fruits like other insects, because they have no proper mouth,electoral votes. The States churned by the Republi- cans are as follows:^-"/cannot be the slightest donbt in regard to it, as she iuable-accident, has created this movement for a newConnecticut. C N«w-York Indiana - V.l Ohio3r. 27-t55 11— l~3recognized by all her old acquaintances, who, as well ferry, the* success of which 'those interested hope to\>. wi> v Main-- •. Maflfachu&ett* Michigci Minitchota Nervv-HanjpfchLre Ncv/-J»-rV<-v4 Pennsvl cania ii Rhodfj Is ;tnd1^5 V<Tniout(' WlRconsiti•' ^ tlliuoi.-i ';7 TotaljSouth Bpy, opposite Babylon, L. L. Ira Oakley caught, with h<|>k and line-, .130 blne-lish in three hours.ated' stories that, have been circulated regarding her. r-hares at so low a price that everybody on tho Island The Evening Post of Saturday last contained a re- can become a stockholder, and all thus have an interest.thai it will igquireextraordi«arv exertions to give them succe^. They ie!y upon the. divisions of tbe Demo- craticparty,andcalculateeitherthatDouglaswillbe defeated or*cheated at Baltimore, or, ifjnomtnated, thut the.Administration will take open ground against him.jjTotJie Editoroj-Th< N.. Y. Tribun*.3" On the otlier hand, the Bell and Evprett movementmay greatly embarrsst; their operation.4 aud may makeup for the deficiency created bv the jlefoction of theAdministration and its sympathizers.! Illinois, Penn-sylvania, and New-Jcreey will he the great battle-fieldof the campaign. In the two latter States thore is alarge American element, which, it is estimated,, will gohea\ily lor the conservative Union movement, if Hamilton. Pari Douglas is the. opponent of Lincoln, we shall see an-other canvass in Illinois quite as exciting :is that which took place in November of l^oS. when Douglas car- ried the Legislature, although the Republicans, headed by Lincoln, obtained a majority, of the poynlan vote. 1 he-friends of Douglas claim that if he is nominated at Baltimore, he will certainly carry the following States:BI.KTJN'.S MioTunks.—The private collection of the late .William K. Burton, comedian, is to be sold by order of his c:recutors, this and to-morrow evenings, at "I oMock, by Messrs. II. H. Leeds cc Co., in the new Ga lory >f "Irving Buildings," No. 594 Broad-tute-must cease, and a promise to'that effect was ex- W A T E R :pennnyrvr-nlaThe N»>rtii-we»tem Suited Virgirrlt27!Newr-Jenwy.:Wt jit bode Ij.'atnl1? Orojron nhd (Jjtiiforni;'.k\ CvnitCAWtj'.;i Tottil.-Ill >..17 way, mjarth Metropolitan Hotel... 4.. 7 TJIK # U A R | NTINE.—It is. generally supposed, since..12 the Logjslutuie has not provided for the maintenance of .. CSulphate of Soda Chloride of Sodium. Silicic AcidOrganic MatterTotal grains per gallon;Kentocky 2Vii)MOnri..l.ciiiV.i.:*-...North Cbroliou12tConnoctlcut !>j211 207 Dealers suppliod on liberal tonus. No water jwnulne unUwdence upon New-York, and base their estimate uponvarious highways to the suburban cemeteries are the.tho large American, vote thrown at the last election,ard. They contend further that when the people of"Meanwhile the Constitutional Union party relyfest till therit would be no danger in allowing .them to nCITY ITEMS.\ 'Accn feyr os THE N>:W-HAVEN RAILROAD.—As the' *New-Ilijven train, due at 10 o'clock a. m., «*t Twenty-seventh Istreot, was approaching Morrisania yester-|meeting this evening at their rooms, Stuyvesant In- stitute, :A 8 o'clock, to ratify the nomination of Lin- coln an 1 Hamlin. Addresses will he delivered 'l>y Horace llreeley, .lames Fairman, S. L. Woodford, and other delegates of the Union to the Convention. Allstored her to her mother. The living Mrs. Richardson houses to let this Spring, all along tho shore, frombe present.. Itbey are now convinced of their mistake. • Mr. Rich-emphatically declares the living womaa-ia she. There giving rite to a constant apprehension of some lament-panies 3, C, D, and Hof the 11th Regiment madetheir an nutl excursion, leaving New-York at l0 o'clocka. m., ploceediug to Newark, where they spent theday,'returning at 7.p. in. On Thursday, Company Oof the same ri nmeut make an annual excursion ton•Untitled Document(,\-\"Itwijl>cperceivedthatKansasisadded,although,^avenueandFourleenthetreet. Dr. Quackenbush,not ye', jpmitted into, the Union. Tho result of the" •'who saw the transaction, says that he was driving taken with the offal to the onteide of Sandy-Hook, election in the House -of Representatives, as will ho through Fourteenth street, preceded by a young man Hook, where they are dumped overboard, and left forIt is saidtfaat.Mra. Abbott wiUniako*<wm-jury, be had received a military education. He re —The Hon. Hcrsehcll V. Johnson of Georgia has wen by afflglaiice at the above table, is at least a doubt- io a light wagon. He thinks the young man's horse the benefit of. sharks and sea-fowl The offaKcarried ;6purt.' ' " 'examined the several weapons with particular care, giving evidence by the manner in which bo took and Jumdled tbem that he was a connoisseur, and thorongly appreciated their superior workmanship. The arms were aR breech-loading, with the' exception of one. jcifled musket, constructed upon .the principle of the <Jok revolver. Ammunition, car ridges, and the per- -cuaaion lint recently invented asa substitute for the rap,v e r e . exhibited, scarcely any explanation being r*- •quired, the Japanese evidently recognizing at a glanceabe merias of everything laid before them.With considerable satisfaction, the third Kmbawaiorthen brought forward-the rifle' manufactured at Jeddo,"Which possesses certain improvements upon the Araeri-can Sbarp's ri/Je, left with the Japanese in ISS-l byCommodore Perry. They' carefully, and anxiouslyi ncmti«»i/fd Commander Dahlgren's face while he ex-amined it, and seemed overjoyed wben he dcclarod-thati4the invention was very creditable, and tbework-marwhip excellent." He rcnuirked, at the same time, that he would wish to see the weapon tested tjefore fully pronouncing upon it; to which the Kmbfiswidors•answered that it had been well tested, but yet porhaps not so much as would be desirable. ' •written a letter urging that the State should be repre- ful one, with tho chances decidedly against the Repub-licims; ful it is beyond question that -lie fourteen Dem- was running away, and that ho was unable to stopsented in the coming Baltimore Convention. " i am ocratic Sl| let) might be enabled, with the two American him as Mrs. Mitchell attempted to cross the street. animated/' he says, " by no feeling of discord, when Southern| •states, to prevent the election of the Repub- After the occurrence, tho horse was stopped, and the I venture the opinion that wo bbould have a Demo- lican candidate, 'and be alio, by the aid of Kentuckycratic State Convention immediately, to settle the pol- and Norti Carolina, to elect either a Democrat or Mr. young man returned to where the lady was lying.beyond Sandy Hook is very considerable in quantity. There are upward of 500 butchers in New-York who arc required to cart their own offal to the dock.The number of horses brought to tho Dock weekly, during, the present season, is about-84. Mortality• •TrcKKT SWINDLERS ALARMED.—The summary man- ;i er of proceeding against bogus ticket-offices a» diaor* <j erly bouoee, authorized by the late Legislature, baj|atber alarmed the numerous class of swindlers whokeep them. On Friday la*t, complaints were iaad«Democracy, and upon what terms. That Convention ahly decided in favor of the Republicans. may return tho same delegates, or appoint others, with Southern States to make the choice,"It is for the . ./Robert Allen, and said that he stopped at Davis's sta-»«"-»«•/< VOJIWUUuanmna some oi uu* mwi yv \ bpded to the places indicated, but found them locked up and vacant. At No. 157 Wefot street, he arrested harles Gilmonr, William Enrigbt, and James Levy, ut it net appearing that they had lately been engagedn any swindling transactions they were discharged, iilmour, in connection with Pat Duffy of No^ IW est street, a few weeks tiuce swindled the Rev. John arnesof Missouri out.of $600 on California tickets, he reverend gentleman made complaint against them,B< II. 10 c programme of tbo. secest'i"nists, however, John. A. Bryan, who hadi then come up, told him thaticy of tho party in the existing.em^rgeucy—not to condemn nor censure anybody, butrto consider thoPresidential question calmly and dispassionately, and toria-I''off; f-esterdny. Should Judge'Douglas not be asked his name. After much hesitation on"'his part decide whether or not wo will adhere to tho £(ati<>ual n<minat<« at Baltimore, tlu^n tho^cas<^ is uaquestion- imd many threats by Mr. Bryan, he gave his narno asis to devl vo tho chances of Iho Presidency upon theMrs. Mitchell was seriously hurt, whereupon ho saidamong horses is greatest in hot weather.Sometimes,St.nat<% lit provided for by tue Coiihiitution, in accord-— oUr abrief season they dje very rapidly m ^ " J y F ^ ^ ^ ^ £ ^ ^time. Dogs are killed off by drowning, m a large vat, •' . _ ,.'. i x- .i t,1,-u/.unng the. dog-days, the eeaaon ^ 8 ^ TM TM ? onths, during which an average of 50 per day areade to follow, tbe path of their fathers. Last year, there were 584 drowned on the first day.' During other ers. But as it. is important to preserve the integrity of thus ex\. tsses himself respecting the suite, aud pros- not been seen.since. He was dressed in light clothes, parts of the year, they dio or get killed at the rate of the National Democratic party, we ought to be repre- pects of I e country: had ean'dy hair, no whiskers, and drove a light four- about lo in a.week. Goats number about 2 a week.sented in the adjourned meeting at Baltimore." Tho " I pTI•ess to belong to no party but my country, wheeled wagon. Mrs. Mitchell was conveyed home, Cows average about 6. .,Cats are not.counted. .-;ance will the jdot foreshadowed.in your heading edi- he would drive on again. Mr. Bryan stopped him and 0:<,; . w nhlHfpwuiib wane niteen or twenty sucu places, anu war- flgainfct some fifteen or twenty such places, and war-in the Winter there isless. Sheep are brought in atluckless driving on the part of the young man was long intervals by tens; or twenties.. One day last fensue. Two other complainants against tickot-ewin-cmsequence of being run over," No evidence showingind sent h«n to California, so that no prosecution canin civil \y rand riie destruction of this Governraent elicited, yet the Jury coasured.him in the severest Winter there wero 76 at once; Butchers frequently fllers have been disposed of "in the same manner, show-Hi) womon, and 7G men, showing a decrease of 70 fromof adult debility, 5 of whooping cough, 4 of apoploxy,Pony Express which leaves St. Joseph on Saturdaying on climate or season, 7' werej cases of drowning,where they dug up a large trunk filled with all sorts of 3 Scotch, and the remainder were born in various other running the trains on tho New-York and Erie Railroad goods. The two brothers were then arretted, and, inAmericans, 101 Irish, 27 German,9 English, 4 French, Time Table, embracing the Summer arrangements for•THE JERSEY CITY MysTEKY.-i-The murder of thofemale inJersey City recently, whote body was posi-Richardson. Her husband recognized it; and said thatithe-pigeons of Venice, at the charge of the city. Theistill as mysterious as ever. The original Mrs. Richard- ' 3:45-p.m.', for Middle-town and all wav'stations. -4:55 p.m., for l'atevfion and all way Vrations.The original marks were still on them, and they werefully identified by the owners, it is now supposed1that the goods had been abstracted from the packagesbefore the sloop left this port. An examination will he had immediately.SWANS FOR THE CENTRAL PARK.—The Commis- sioners of the Central Park have received notice, throughGeorgeE.Kunhardt,esq.,Consul,advising that twelve swans will be sent by the City of Ham- burg, by the steamer, Bavaria, to arrrive here about the 26th inst. The owners of the steamers have gen- erously undertaken to bring over the swans with the g r e a t e s t ] a t t e n t i o n t o t h e i r s a f e t y , a n d w i l l 1 t a k e b a c k , " free of any charge, the person sent out to take charge ofand instruct in the manner of keeping the birds, as soon as they are domesticated. Detailed drawings of the ode of constructing ne«ts, both fixed and floating havera.Ibeen received. Tho swans of Hamburg are, as areI1 j swans are accustomed to a high degree of cold, and arei ij | n o t . t a k e n o u t o f t h e w a t e r i n H a m b u r g i n t h e c o l d e s t\(the frost becomes severe, and while their number is men, equally positive, swore to having seen. Mrs. the limited space occupied by two or three villages, is a jjjlimited. This beautiful donation of the City of Ham- .Richardson in New-Orleans very recently. < One quiet, rural neighborhood, inhabited by an intelligent ijburg may be the commencement of a pleasant seriesgemiemau sent her name and New-Orleans address to and educated people. A sufficient ferry would bring it of interchanges' between this city and the cities ofmostsingularidentifications. Numerous and respect- - •» • - • - . • - . - •able witnesses swore positively to identifying it as that • THE ALLEGED SLAVER CASE.—-An examination of of three or four difl'erent women. _ First, it was recog- the hark Cora is now in progress by the U. S. authori- nized by friends as the body of a Jersey City lady who ties. 2,800 kegs of gunpowder have been found on was seed walking in the direction of the river with a board, which adds to the suspicion that she is a slaver, yourgman. As they swore most positively to it, of it being well known that such merchandise finda a coursesuspicionattached,totheyoungmaninquestion ready,saleonthoAfricancoast.TheDistrict-Attorney aa her murderer. He was arrested'and locked up, eays that it is estimated that each keg of powder rep- but before the Coroner had concluded his investigations resents-the value of one negro.the woman who had thus been identified presentedhen-elf, aud denied having been murdered at all.has been confronted with her husband' and the numer- Port Richmond to New-Brighton,;many of which still ous persons who identified her supposed body, and remain empty, is attributed to this; difficulty of commu-%i Bi.rE-w-'isH TROLLING.—On the 19th inst., in the as-herself, are much surprised at the grossly exagger- secure by making it a joint-stock company, with theI 1IiMany oil the fish weighed from nine to ten pounds markably unjust article in reference to this case, inti- in its support. Public meetings are to bo held in rela-mating that the' detectives were interested in bringing tion to the subject at New-Brighton, Factoryville, aud |TST. VjNGENTj's HosriTAL.r—A fair and flora! festival, forth this woman and palming her off as Mrs. Richard- Port Richmond, on the evenings of the 22d, 23d,'andbut they suck the dew through their bnout. Tho destructive Locust of the Eastern World belongs to the Grasshopper family,, and should have been fo translated! It was so translated b j Martin Luther. GEORGE WEBB.each—al averaged five pounds." I f Pennsylvania is subtracted, from this column,with her .27 votes. Lincoln and Hamlin \yiU be de- by the ladies of New-York, was opened yesterday at. son for the purpose of clearing a-'young man who was 24th inst., respectively.• Elizabeth, N. J., Hay 21, 1860. — • »*funds 'fijr- the enlargement of St. Vincent's Hospital The fairjlwill remain open all the week, and its object shouldtfljcureiiliberalattendance.Mir.riAttY PAnADE.—YesterdayJ the German com-jNEW-YORK POST-OFFICE.DOCK.—As the City Inspector's Department and tho Mrs. A. thereupon-clasped her around the waidtarideaid ehe shouldn't go with the naughly man. Then door by which men, women and children pass off the .tbo Generalseized Mrs. A.,and hurled her away. The;_ _ [Advertisement]'GASI GAS!—NEW GAS FIXTURES fortlieSprimr taae.-superior to any ever ottered before, will be found at o a remployed in conveying them up tho Hudson River to they had disappeared in tho dim, dnsty distance. The»• far as possible, but his talents, and the bostway to uaetheua- pcaiwnaUoni. daily by FowtKR 4oWauw, No!mi Broadt:*7tAdyertigemenL]THENERVOUSofboths&*»mayobtaiu(freo)apepyny of a little work on the cbeapeat, ,nosta'peedy, and eiao*c4«a*tne«sDanKHol out«aa yetdl*oovw<oy aenoiniTsSuap tornoit!SI Dl.JvBHnication with New-York. -This infrequency of access,SCHOOL-GIRL ELOI'EMKNT.—A case of school-girlelopement, probably attended by a private marriage;has just come to lighfin this city. Rumor "says that Mr.Abbott'sSpinglerInstitutehasbeenhonoredbyii SIR:YOUsayinthismorning'sissue,that"George'Law, at the sugeestion of ex-Senator Westcott, has-employed the attendance of a pupil from Tennessee, a Miss jjan expert to proceed to Washington and worm out of the clerks- Phipps. Miss Phipps recently introduced to the house 'jand.pigeoK holes in the department such' evidence as will impal* a young gentleman known as Gen. Bynum of Ten- Ithe Administration," and that I have '*been selected for this pm> i pose and priK-.-ed to Washington to-day." Although it's of little netniee, representing that ho was a relative. He made ' 'importance to the public—^till you would much - oblige mo by several calls upon the young lady, and itt length Mrs. 'saying that I have not been "s«lccted," and that 1 hare no lu-•Abbott saw that which led her to suspect that Gen. jteurion of visiting Washington.Bynum's attentions to Miss Phipps were a little too MayZl, 18W. WILLIAM COVENTRY II. WAD DELI*.tender for a relative, j Inquiries were made regarding.him, mid it was' determined that his calls at tbo Insti- I ANALYSIS, OF OAK ORCHARD ACID SPRINGtorted from the General. Notwithstanding-bis pledged .word, the gentleman called again on Saturday after- noon, and, meeting Mrs. Abbott at the door, desired to see Miss Phipps. The. young lady arrived in tho hall at that moment, and wished to speak with the gallant General. Mi-s. A. desired her to retire. The General put ajlee in her car, and she didn't retire. Mrs. A. said all conversation muBt take place in her presence.Free Snlphttric Acid Froto-Sulphute of Iron.... Sulphate of JMagnosia Sulphate of Lime: Sulphate' of Alumina Sulphate of Potash133 SI2 82 216 8 An• *•••«•<•< 13 T24L 6 4182 479 3 1(3 1 432 3 824 6 . 1>Mpame individual then clasped the form of his beloved toseventh-Htreet, North River, is where their horses, lin beart and .moved toward the carriage. Mrs. A. ppofcke Niblo'a. . _ _ ^ L _ _ WAJCOW, P*CX & Co.then cume toward the door and protested against thedogs, cats, goats, cows, sheep, calves and other beastsgo when they die, to be carried off by boats providedfor the purpose. The offal dock is the longest dock on. \ altered at the carriage step, when her preceptress welcome than Oop&MnVs celebrated MKDICATKD SoAr. forth* the North River, its extremity being 725 feet from tho begged ber to return, then wiped her eyes, and got iu.' enro and—By this time the whole Institute was alarmed, aud re- way of the nostrils'of citizens.- sounded to the cries o f " Shame! shame!" from manv- Tho City Inspector has thixni carts always busy in feminine throats. The driver of the carriage cracked his whip, the horses-" moved on," and before a po-sloops, a small steamer, and piragua, constantly liceman came to arrest tho abductor and his victim Mi*S<W, not only hi« natnrol defeot*u«dhow to obriaU the'ubulkhead. The offensive smell is therefore out of thohauling together dead animals, and there , are two'• fAdvertisement.] -' APimENOLOGICALK-XAMINA TTOJf WILL INFORM^ce.ter,day. Captai.n Hartt and Jeo_me of. .b.is men pro^- u r( Canf[ Advertisement. 1j] www.fultonhistory.com 