 Our San FraacUco Correspondence. SAS«"*AS::>CU,AugustIT,l*fi*».P*ai*/*«/««»the CaitftKru*State Tr.a^'y-lntereOingfachyearbeingpresentedtotbeceadilalewasshallnm pare tbe beat dried anatomical eg aaslomtos-oargical pre. psratioa. _seUvermedaltotbesaooadbeetofths deseriptioe,aad thebrooaemedaltothecandidatearka shall furnish, the beet book of recorded <—Rdyinu Strmca in >M Vfenth CatholicCkunk-VHim WaiMnffon"A forger v it is. W e trick of the pubiishsrs "suspectit ia amoneym a t tgIliktoDi to Effect a Fasten-Ike BrtfUn.rMge Interest CUUB Half the Spo'ib-lbeKeal CaaslMatcs far »«ashiatIs>n-TaeaT ejects. ttutnrc* and Support Do/art Hall LeftOat ki tbe cold-The BreehhvMffeCoo- freadaaal ^otvluaUem,9rA Ca*wattit*-/iHlwm territory,**Dtprtaatvm tnr-nct amwecs —A grand Deli and Everett barbecu* will be t id at Chettertcws, Md., on the 6th of nextof the Professor, of either of tbe surgical clisics. To saa to tbe faculties for instruction ef otk_Warrants to the anwdnt of filST 500 were drawn out of the Hate Treasury by McCauley A Term, on the lSth tnst. co eccouat of the Slate prison mttlement. There BOW remains ia " » Treeanry WtJS&a.UB Wednesday, the feast of the Assumpt.on of theTirgrn, after high BUMat the church of Notre Dame delVictoires, Both atreet, the "Domlaa dalvum Ike Imper*tonus" was n o g in honor of the Emperor Napoleon. TheFrenchCoastalw IrtseetIn uniform,andtherewetnidlspos.tionmaalfeaiedonthe partoftheredrepublican*legalizing of (be use of dead bodies for the purpose of dissection, or ihostrating lectures upon arnputaUons, **., bas given much greater facfHttes to tbe atudents than can be readily obtained elsewhere; aad as clinical instruc- tion is much better than any that can be derived from reading, tbenumber ofour hospitals,andthe varied nature ef the diseases, atcldeata, Ac . that must arts? in a city of suet importance as New York, must certainly affordprofessors annually give prises for meritorious produc- tions.was discharged, ibere b:ing no evidence adduced su.LYa>} Dear Clear U se While dividing the band ar.d cf as'l/ a cow, a stwr ran between and threw the horse b* was riding AS be fed, the pommel ol the saddle struck him in the tempi*, fracturing his skull, from the tStets of which he died soon thereafter.FkkT—THS CLERGY OJ THE NOBTHKBN DiSTBlCT— In yesterday's issue we published a very full list of toe REPLY OT T B S C'VKATS OF CkafABOO TO THE democratic candidates for office, but it is evilent thaid<n Qui^kitiver Mxne Ctmtronrty—Great Array of Ugal fi rniir;-Tke Terry BKdenck Murder Again in Court— Arrival of the Mining Chilton H/ig Jm<en Alberto—Armytlon you will obligeRaw Yoxs, Sept. IP, 1860.RAIL SPUTTER.CANDIDATE CITIB8—FESTIVITIES, ETC.[From the Commercial Times of Buenos Ayres, July 38. J A question as to where is to be established the future capital of the Argentine republic has occupied consider- irst . 127 days from Punla Arenas, Costa Kica. Reports able attention during the past month. Various existing w> re made by several vessels that arrived here of having towns have been proposed, Santa Fe, Cordova, San Fernan-public virtue But tbe golden age is come, it would stem. The Sixth ward ia obviously bent on reform, and that ofaSair w:th Perlay was too moch even for them. It is really a good rindance of very immoral people.The Chilean brig Joven Alberto, about whose fate much asvety has been frit in this city, arrived on the 221who reside to the vicinity of the Cbnrh of tha Transfigu-A letter which now lies before me, post marked t'aris, August 31, m the handwriting of M G , the unhappy sub- ject of this base fabrication, and addressed to EdmundGurney, fully denies its authorship, and says:—"1 know nothing whatever of the letter to whim youal3i.de, and I bope yon will let the world know it at once. It is annndalous tn those who have done it."may come to flew York city to study, tbe above prodsTThis is enough to set the matter at rest.can any refutation of a paper so widely circulsted, so pregnant with import' thoughts, (sad teste*,before Uspub- lication by Brotherhemi, wss anthorUvoely denounced at a forgeryJatoneforthetaintingofthewellsatwhichthepeo- ple drink, and for the inlrodaction of the serpent's whisperI am not, and will not accept a nomi- ^ ^ ^ g ^ g S f / r iaad tot annual catalogue states thai tbe design of this echoe) to not only to qualify male and female practitioners of theeOTlEBNMXSTClBCrtAK, wTC.[Translated from El lYogreeisu, of Matamoras. AugustR. Ogden Loremus, M. D., Professor or Chemistry, No.'_P. for the NEW YORK Hxaaxn ]John Brannan, of Middle Cretk, was eecidentahy ItS-fJUCH riOJI TKE COVSRX OF AG! AS CAUS3TES TO THt likely to be the successful candidates, and on what basisHSSALD as the above—claims a military ob.ect for the Wide Awakes, in the following language:—rative 8urgery, No 46 Lafayette place.P. Meredith Reese. M. D ., LL D., Professor of the Thee j tics and Botanydrowned in the Sacrawento river, near Waugh'sFerry, Kiasta county, on tbe 6th August.At '.he nest general lection in this State, the act passedat the IsM s»«wi»n of tb* Legislature, ss to whether cer-tO- BR-M'R Or ZArATSCASMEiiCAK EcrBuc, Co.vdTirrnoKAi. GSVKRMtcrr OF") THS Furs STATS or AGTAS CAUK.VTK3, > Ilir-ARTMSST OF WAS, August 11-2 P. M. jwill a rusion be effected f Of course there is no certainty whatever until the conventions rxssst to-night, and takesome decided action. It appears to be pretty well fixed,Hermes M Sweet, M. P . , Materia Medics, therapeu-tainequitableclaim*totheamountof$200,000against TOBISI\C£!LESt".THEGoVKR>OSOFTSSFRBSAM)SOVI however,thrttberealbattlewillbeconfinedtoafe#the State shall or shall nat be paid. will be submitted to a i area ^TATK OV ZACATKOAS:— candidates, whose names we are about to mention.mrt.ths cf the last session of Congress an incessant loaning as to what the South would <" i In case of a republican trlcwph in tbe Presidential election. That contingency was now a cer taiaty; and. though he dirt not apprehend there wov.'d be anr effort made to carry out these threats yet if aay e3nrt should be made, this Wide Awake c-ganUation would be found might? convenient In Btifliog and crushing out any attempt tory and Practice of Medicine and Medical JurispruJence, B. I. Raphael, M. D ., Professor ef the Principles andPractice of Surgery and Surgicai Pathology, No. IU Ninth etreet.A. K.Gardner, M. D., Professor of Clinical M.dwifery aad Diseases of Females, No. H I East Thirteenth street. John O. Bronson, M D., Professor o: Anatomy, No. 79EastEighteenth street.Charles A Budd, M P ., Professor of the Theory andPractice of Midwifery, No. 0 West Eighteenth atreet.A. Jacobi, M D , Professor of Infantile Pathology andTherapeutics, No. 50 Amity street.Bern. L Budd, M L . . Prolemor of Tcrx.cology, No 9West Eighteenth street.R K Browse, M D., Professor of Pnys.o*otyM Bradley, M. D., Adjunct Professor of Anatomy Fowler 1'reatlce, M D., Demonstrator of Anatomy Thomas H. Whitney, M D , Aseii-tarjt Demonstrator. James 11. Brush, M. D., Prosector to the Professor ofIraecMiiler Comings, M P , Obstetrics a i l Diseases » . V.omen snd ChildrenW. W . Waterman, M. P . Chemistry.Horace P Herdman, A M , Medical Jurisprudence.THE HOMXOPATHIO MEDICAL COLUsU.This college has but recently been established, bit theFaculty La. ing leased a large piece of property very nicely situated at the corner of Third avenue sad Twen- tieth street, in the rear of tbe Gramercy Hotel, are fitting up t h e establishment with lecture rooms, amphiUicatre, ere., in a manner to maks It one of tbe best colleges of the class.The following gentlemen compose t h e Faculty c f Medi cir?.—Jacob Beakicy, M D , Dean of the Faculty, Professor of Surgery and Surgical Pathology.Isaac Monroe Ward, M. D , Profesaor of Obetetrice aad Diseases o f bTbmen a n d Children, and Medical Jurlspru- donee.William E. Payne, M P , Professor of Prlatipiet aad Practice of Romjoralblc Medicine.FranklinW.Hunt,MD.,ProfessorofClinics!Medi cine.Msihew Senple, M. P . , Profesacr of Chemistry aad Toxicolog;.Stephen R Kirby, M. P ., Professor of Materia Medics and Therapeutics.John D. La Montagnie, M. D , Professor of General, tad Def -riptive Aaatomy <>William W. Rodman, M. D , Professor of Pbysiot'>gy and the Institutef.Jam?s A. Carrr.lch'.el, M. D., Demonstrator of Anatomyrule u! the people Mtm £\cu.Lk.tT 8IR—1 have tbe satisfaction of trans-Aboct live tousof Washoe tlver ore have been receive* mitting to your Excellency what the Commander in Chief corner Barnard, C. Bainbridge Smith and Judgeia this city daring the week. .of the united forces writes me from Silas, and which I .T»hn R. Brady. The two former are Douglas T*ixj advantage of the absence of General Harney cepy as follow?— men, and tho latter is for Breckinridge Messrsspoken the brig, short of provision.-, which were supplied. do, aad our little town oi a day, Belgrano. All idea of Talrd, Fifth and Eighth wards'. The fears so muca increased that the revenue cutter was retaining the beat of government at Parana seem- to bepurlieus. Park street, joined in an excursion to Jone- wood, with the- intentlor. of adding to the practical effi- ciency by Increasing tbe pecuniary resources of theirdence.Alor-zo CL-.rk, M. D., ProfetBor of Pathoicgy an!Practi-and materia medica, practice of medicine and pathologyTHE COLLEGE OF PHARMACYis situated at No. SO East Thirteenth street, and ia princi paHy organized for the instruction of medical students in chemistry, botany and pharmacy. The principal lectur er?areR.Ogden Doremus. M.D.,ProfessorofChestAabout to sail in search of her when the Joven arrived. completely ignored. Since the great mode! for all modern The voyage w»s one of the longest on record. federal republics is the United States, it is by many consid- Cclose! Ripley, ot the Ordnance Department United ered absolutely necessary that a new province be especial-The meeting was called to order at eight o'clock, and church and school; Under other circumstances it mightcal Medicine.John C Dalton, Jr , VL D., Professor of Physiol, gy andMtorosccpic AnatomySamuel St. John. M D , Professor cf Chemistry. ThomasMMarkoe,M.D.,LecturerAdcacttothePro-chairman, and Mr. fleoage F. Dewland,of the Third ward, Spates Army, bas b«-en authorised by the Secretary of ly created for the purpose of holding the capital. Thus it and Mr. William £. Blauvelt, of tho Eighth ward, asNEW YORK HKIiALD. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.BENCH,-smtnontf HEWfoil.ISTBBE9TDIGFROMCALUORHIA. low-lagletter,denytogtbestatement:— ca:world.Severalmedals,knowsastbeMeet"FISTB.Gurnej aApolosry," n Base Forgery. CITY POLITICS. Tanoua letters l a v e been received from England bear-saad,amongwbomareseveral menof noteiatheaedx!ing testimony that this paper is a forgery, and was en known ia England till eonveyed thither ia American jour sale. Thefirstofthesels_fromLadyBuxton,who,with readyiatnttson,remarks—TOTHEEDITOROrTHEHERALT).New TOHZ, Sept.1»,1850.Please correct the error Into which yoc seem to have t»IiscBiMctiki-Ef*»%l»g-Ef»vrtiofla*Pa- fallen,"thatTamacandidatetorCongress." 1smnotacandidatetorthatoranyotheroffice. „.___.„„ JOHN WHEELER._ _ _ _ _T h e R s c o r d e r t h l p .TC THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD.16ee ty your psper this A. M , my same as one of the candidatesforRecorder. WJ1 you oblige me by contradicting that statement.nation for that or any other office.NEW YORK, Bept. 19,1860.The Metropolis the Centre of Modlctsl naveleeagivenannually,aad areMill tetogse gleesat priaes tar excellence tn the following :—The geld aedanBut, alas, howtts-'iTg art, butalso to educate aad eend isto tbefieldef soman progress competent health reform teachers and h-eturers. Asapte facilities are provided for a nimiiliteto reelect .the disgraceful acene* of list year in frontof theansae church It will be recollected that the ingintotit Edenofmanyabornewhichbadbeenwatchful cordanoewiththeedictofTammany 11*11,wUl assemble Will yon ask tbe people to insistuponthefollowingnews of the pence of VUlafranca had just at that time reached Qatiienu*.the requiem mass tor the ex King Jerome, celebrated ID the same churcb, M«»day morning, wss very solemn. A detachment of the French Infantry company surround- ed the catafalque, and their increments added very much to the tmpressiY*>BeM of the occasion. There were no foreign consuls present on either occasion save M- Csu-ly guarded ui other rcsnccts.but into which the public pros* has carried an embodiment of vice, and an elaborate argument for impurity: the sentiments protested against, it is run, yet finding a lodgeascnt, we may fear, in mindsto decide the momentous question of the spoils, and, if practicable, to effect a union of the disjointed limbs of tiie democracy In such a manner as to secure a further least of the public plunder. The latter object is the paranoun* aim cf the intriguing politicians, who care not a fig forpledges from the candidates to the Legislature:—1 Tbe repeal of tbe ''Gridiron" Railroad bills in toto.2 The repeal of the law giving away the West Wash iegton market, and in favor of its unoonti i .nal restora- tion to the city.5. The restorstka of cheap ferriage on the East river.4. The repeal of the law which c impels ear citizens to pay over $2C0 CC0 per annum for the auppo i of common schools In tbe interior. •6. To workforarestoratwa i ' our voiced municipal rights, and in favor of giving t»ur heavy tax payera the r:rbtteselectpersonstodisburseitintheirmidst.6 To amend or repeal our corrupt Harbor Master and Quarantinelaws.trvhisfortunelathechaseforSenatorialhonor. Heexp^ts to receive lb* (support of the reput>l*cans sad antl- i-ecrniptoultestothe leg tftature. GeoShieldsremainsyet in this city: his Ueatih moch improved. 1 do not ment.arecastingaboutwiththeutmostcaution,to ascertain how a fusion of the scattered elements maybe effected* For the past few years the affection oi the ancient demo, craticpartyInthiscityhasbeendividedbetweentwoRobert Deoiioiore, a native of acotlasd, and J»«arl7 I ,m Ohio, died very suddenly, at the Mountain Cottage.trated Journal (with a false portrait) asserts that the tabiiahmtnt; so that at the present time we have Tarn* a.ieged writer of the forged letter is "a meml>er of tkeSociety if Friend*, vulgarly called Quakers." Were this many Hall, Mozart Hall and a Breckinridge organlzat o n , false and unfounded assertion true, what motiveof the Atlantic, and that in tbe tuiure it will raak second to none ia the worl 1L. N. Fowier, A. M., Phrenology aad Mental Science.Thev have also a fine library of text end reference books' required by etudesis. treating of the vartoua branches of tnatractioa.T 3 E METROPOLITAN MEPICAI. OOLLEOE.Tnls college is estabiishtd principally for instructing students In the study of botany, ia connection with other medics'- practice, s a d tbe proper use of herbs a s meet- c ne. tt issituated st No. 68 hast Broadway, sad the mode cf instruction in this college is by public tectum andillustrationsbytheprofessorscfthe different chatro in their several branches, followed by examinations byeach professor.Tbe Faculty of Medicine consists or ths following profee sors, and tbe atudies they teach are appended to each Lame.—I. M. Comings, M. C , Theory and Practice of Medicine and Pathology.William Dx-ran. M P , Aaatomy and .«urgery, Vincent A Baker, M D., Physiology and PhysicalScience.near Salmon FaHa, August 11A Prussian, named J.»eiih * b » * * ' \ . * J " * ** JfJ!fclaims what they mur. Yes or no, gentlemen.rtK~.—»r— HOXEsTLa.VSTICAL COLLEGE AKT> CHARITY HOSKTAL. This institution Is aitnated o n Thirteenth street,recast*! was la e r*um Vreka, in which place he kept a sr-ocery store tii l&5t.tist. Ac., commits a crime, it is not chargeable upon his Seeing clearly, therefore, that a "house divided againstchurch, but upon his violation of its teachings. Hence itself must rail," and that if some satisfactory arrange- there it no implied stigma upon the church of England,Wide Awskelim Is Strlctljr Sectional, not Notional.TO THE FTITOR OT THE HESALT..b Bdwhich world disregard the Intended antidote.Let W-> one regard th J ss an apology for the elopement. principle when the all important question of the spoils itTfcrtt has already brought its bitter sorrow aud repent-at issue. As will be readily believed, then, in the pre- sent emergency, when the hopes of the democracy wearance. But fa'sebood is in itself bad and should be refuted.<M. E. D. Baker leit here an Wednesday for Oregon, to Deliberate calumny is in Itself base and ought to be re- so dismal an aspect, the wirepullers and office hunter!buked. Forgeryisagreatcrimeagainsthumansojlety, forwhich human lawwisely provides condign punish.ui*heleteudeseekinganelectiontolieHaltedSlates oneotbfrcorrectioniscalledfor. Thishasbeenun-& • sate from CaU'orola . ..„_.._ fairly stigmatized as a "Quaker elopement." An illus- rival houses. Popular sovereignty has added a third ex*7. The repeal of the law granting »35,000 to the Com- miSBionersofRecord. ........ _,No candidate who does not pledsre himself is the axrm- ative fc regard to these important questions should re- ceive a vi te from any of our ciLsens, be his politics orthis cltv la now tbe best school ef medicine on this ssde Gesture.eaoh claiming to be the true oracle, interpreter and re- I, a 'slung shot o r . »me heavy weapon,and also stabbed. reference. Whet: a Methodist, an Episcopalian, a Bap- presentative of democracy.dead a few aajs ago, lari— •><*•• He had been struckprompted, what good end was to be answered by such abe tween Third and Fourth avenues, and is uow in the eietenth year of its existence The Board of Trustees, being fuliy aware of the Incomparable advantages ofOeorce H William* wss suddenly killed st WooisoyI »t Nevada coutty, Auguai 7, while srorkiog in a miningni bjapieceotp;j#clayraitingonhimfromaheight thatthisstrayingonewasneveraFriend,wasalmost andcountyticketthisfall,theleadershavecometotheIn your notice of the origin and purposes of this sec- tional, nVUtary organization, y o u state that tn response to invitations sent to Wide Awake clubs, b^ tbe New YorkCentral Club, thatAnswers hare been pouring in from all parts of the Union, ana mas thousand Wide Awakes hare atsnited their tuiea tioa tc partie ipate In tie grand political earnlra! of the age.WTeemphatically deny, and challenge proof to the con trary, that answers have been poaring "in from all parts of the Union " They come in, if at all, from only abcut one half the States. A s Mr. Seward claims their origin from the old federalist, Hartford was, perhaps, an appro prlate place for their first inauguration. Mr. Seward in©' «f»rr.ty fe*t He *a* from Pembrokeshire, Wales, ai'l aged 39 years .J»cT.b Sspp, who was arrested in Sacramento on the 7th Kne 'aat. fur the mur-iet of John Ljnrh. with a shovel, u AinerUan to*euro, some time previously, and whoof which she was a strenuous member, when it is stated ment be not effected the republicans will elect their city never in a Friends' meeting, but was, as were her papractical instruction over that ef didactic lectures, Lavs opened a part of thecollege building as a hospital. Bert the proffssors of surgery may offer operations to the class, from which they would otherwisebeprecluded, because of the dtnger attending removal from the ex-gical theatre to a distant bed; aiB the after-treatment, often as important to the student as the operation, can thus be exhibited in its successive stages,the following gentlemen compose the Faculty of this College — , _70 Union placerents, In co-neitioa with the national establishment. wn J mi.isaoN.BriKJSGTox. N J , Ninth MonVh, 19th, I860.conciasiou that "something must be done" to avert ss dire a calamity. In this state of affairs 'fusion" 18 the cry ail around, and the wire-palters are industriously en- deavrring to settle an equitable basis on which the spoiltAciiUllonsl front Mexico.c dot to hola him. wa* Siiieo suddenly last week In Pope OiTiCIAL I4»Ct JUSNT KAXATITS TO MlKAMON'S DE- may be divided.r-oi» the North, the Incians of Washington Territory Movi EM.*ILE*T SIR—After an obstinate cimbat, In ItarnaidandSmithwill go before the Convention wit* overthrowthegovernment.aearn become troubkeome. Several canoes have been which Mes'csn blood has flowed profusely, D m Miguel about equal strength, and it is understood Mr. Brady picked up lately between Port Toeanend and Port Lad Miramon has been completely routed by the forces will receive the nomination of the Breckinridge Con Uw.bicodatained and bearing evidence of hajlns been under my command, leaving in my power his im- vention if he desires it.the tcene o* murders. Three m en, who left Whidby mense train of artillery, hundreds of prisoners, Judge Matthew T. Brennan is probably the chofce ofUlaad. tor oak HertKW, in a canoe, on the 2S1 of July, and a multitude of chiefs and offlcers also prisoners. the Tammany it#s for Register. Messrs. Jewish W. Brown,werep-obabiymassacredbytfcesavages,astheyLave Thebattlecommencedntdaybreak,andwasover TomWtuIan,JohnA.StemmlerandJonathanTrotteraitThis is the first time any political part., in the United States baa ever been organized on a military basis, and with military objects in view. Axd, that is, should tbe black republicans come into the possession of the gene- ral government, however unconstitutional, obnoxious, or nggresatve they may be ; should the South make any ef-tot suite been beard from Concerning thiee outrages. at nine minu.es past eight in the morning. In acquaint- trotted out bv the Breckinridgers for the same position. fort to oppose It, these Wide Awakes are to be marchedthe Port Towneend A"</rt»tt«1 says —" Ther* If no doubt ing your Excellency with so fortunate an event, and uponthat a vast number ot outrages are being coatm tted in whish the peace and liberty of my country depend, 1 re-oer enters by stime imrties—'t is immaterial whether new the testimony of my esteem and respect. And l:tbey t e Northern Indian.,, 1'latheads, or wh te whiskey-ae.: og rooxdheatis Outrage after outrage is perpelrateti,atd the only mtisiaeuon o u ' people can have ia the prerases is to take c»re of No 1, and " guess whose turn isto come seat'' T«o Northern canoes, containing each with your Excellency's permission, &c. And tn trans- among tbe Breckinridge candidates. teabucks,wereseennearPointRinggold,afewdays mittingtoyourEx^Usncysosatisfactoryanote.lean JudgeMichaelConnolly,AmbroseI.Pinney,PeterT.iato the South, and by force of arms subjugate it to the will of the " irrepressible conflict."We denounce such military threats of the Senator, as bo i treason, against the Union of these States.ZOUA VE.The Wide Awakes.TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD.a-rrr. andaamail sloop boat, containing two men,was hoarued by them These things m.ist l>e stoppe I forth • ih slait»r» are assuming too serious an aspect to sd- ii: t of lo:.*tr negl*ot,"Kui FBUJ<CISCO, August 2i. lifiO.A A-ne Military (Z/wmee) OrganiMaHcn—IHe JVirw Alma- added ont> day more of eternal remembrance to his fellowInyjurarticleunderthebeadcfWideAwakeorgsnlrn- rSurgery.A. W. Wilkinr-on, M. D , Assistant to tbe Professors ofChemistryandToxicology.James L Steele, A B., Curator of tLe MuseumTHE COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS ANT! SCP-OEOK?. This establishment is si; ate' at the corner of Fourth ave-..e and Twenty thirl idre.s.ard it is alsoclassed as the 'Medical Department of Columbia Col-lege.'' L-i extent this school of a_ed c ne wi'.'. rank a shigh as any on the continent.from the annual e.rcular for the year 1350-1. we learnthat the college opened •(jyje present, or flfiy fourth ses-have the honor to transmit it to your Excellency forrour Information and that or his Excellency tbe Governor Of tbe State of '/acatecas, to whom I beg you to transmit this communication, and send it by an extraordinary courier,The contest for Recorder lies between Judge Russell, Robert Livingston, John C. Develln.and C. Bainbridge Smith, i: he does not get the nomination for Supreiat Court.do no less than congratulate you, as well as the heroicState under you, and the nation at large, sinss such anevent has destroyed the last and empty hope of the fac-tion which oppresses the republic. To this free end en- ship.thusiastic pedpie must belons the glory of having frus- For Supervisor we hear the names of Smith FJy, Jth trated the efiorts of that band, and Senor Ortega has (Douglas), and N. C. Henly (Breckinridge), muchellsens.Accept my h g h consideration, Sx. God and reform.spoken of.It will be understood, then, that the nominations de-pend greatly on the conditions of the fusion effected be- tween the T ammacyttes a n d t h e Breckinridge men. A t present the latter claim half the ticket, while old Tarn many appears to be willing to yield only one third. !•It should be Eighteenth ward Rail Splitter*, the only Rail Splitters in the city, as we have determined to stick to our first name. Capt. Postley is commander of the Eighteenth ward Rail Splitters. Bv making this conve-SfL THEX MASTO W , CBAVSZ, Secretary Interior.A VILA.Mcv.-mer.lt—Marine ATews—Catuattiet, 4k.I ranee, bas been organlaed In this city. They have icg them *o comply with the reform laws, and that some ail the other cshoes put together, and Taminany intendsCltjr Intelligence.This college will start with s; ty or seventy studentsWartostartfromhereinOctoberonanextenliveofficial hasbeenproposedtoraise Bolgrano to thedignityofa secretaries.tour of foreign countries for the inspection of their province, of one square league in extent Provincial The following eondldstes were then named:—Mr. That.various arsenala and armories, and means of de- jealousy may very naturally consider that -uch would Burns, of the First ward; Mr. Robert 0. Mclntyre, of thefence generally. Starting from this city, be will throw far too much power into the hands of Buenos Ayres, Fifth ward; Mr. W. Joyce, of the Second ward; Mr. J C captain, went on their sixth semi annual target excur- commence his inspestioa in Japan and China, and con- for, so near at hand, her external influence could not fail Mather, ot the Eighth ward; J. Y . Savage, of the Fifthlu:.e !t through India to the Kt-tern States of Europe, to to be TCTy effective. Ban Fernando is somewhat farther ward, and General Hiram Walbridgefessor of Surgery.George T. Bliot, M. D.,Lecturer Adjunct to the Prefes- try, and Geo, Tburber, M D., Professor of MateriaMsoff, and is thus looked upon much more favorably by some. The railway completed, access from Buenos Ayres will be very easy. Nevertheless San Fernando is still Porteno,FOUBTH CON8BKSSIOKAL DISTRICT.moctiis ago in command of about one hundred and fifty Ayres. Farther, Buenos Ayres must always be the com The Fourth, Sixth, Tenth and Fourteenth wards wererin the m rnitg with a splendid pair of blue a'.lk guideCurator oi the College MuseumRobert F Weir, M. D., Assistant Demonsl-atcr. William H. Draper, M. L<., Assistant to the Prefer:or ofSurgery.Gouverncur M. Smith, M. D , LibrarianThe style or the studies may be gathered from theprogramme of the tail course for 1363, which commences on Monday, the 24th of September, and continues four w e e k s , u n t i l t h e o p e n i n g o f t h e r e g u l a r c o u r s e i n O c t o -In connection wit!, these coikges are several tocab a kinds of societies who meet, in some cases, at chose: establishments, and in others at the houses of the mem bers cf the societies. These convocations are prineipay eetaVifhed for the purpose of debating the questions ap p e r t a i n u>g t o t h e o b j e c t o f t h e s o c i e t y a n d e x a m i n i n g isto any cases of disease that may come before the nct.eecf aay of tbe members. It is further intended to protect tbe regular faculty and to crush those called "quacks" We may mention, by way of illustration, the New York Pathological Society, who debate on all questions ofdn rase thai may be brought before them, not as tj whether certain treatment bas been correctly used in the case, but as to the real nature cf tbe disease itself. Toe New York Academy of Medicine, tbe New York Medical Asso- ciition.and tbe New York Medical and^ugioal Society,aresimiarasaocjitions.TLet.tainStoreso*theMetropolis. TO THE EDITOR OF THK HEBALD.Having observed sverye-rcneoiasstateaseatinoneofWestern Europe, and finish it in the course of tw o or three yearn.The meeting then adjourned until Monday evening next, the 24th inst.Hags, besides a number cl wreaths: and after reaching East New York they partook of a warm lunch, a id pro oeeded to contend for the prizes, After shooting tley proceeded up stairs to take dinner, which wat providedCaptsta Siewart. Sixth infantry. U. 8. A , has arrivedIn thN city from Wasboe The captain left here several and must be so, although politically separate from Buenostroops to chastife the Pah-Utee, who massacred the mercial capital; rich,and n importance daily increasing,represented by six delegates from eaoh ward, who met for them in the very best style, and after finishing, a number of speeches were made and thirty-eight prizesCrnsbr party. A oort bas been established near 1'yra m ' d n % e , w h e r e t h e s o l d i e r s r e m a i n ,raost t-AKSon VALISY. Thefollowingisane tractfroma letter dated Genoa,there can never i.e any fear that her Interests be not duly r e p r e s e n t e d a n d s u p p o r t e d ; w h e r e a s , w i t h t h e c a p i t a l i n the south of tbe republic, the northern and western provinces,ofatpresentsmallpoliticalorcommercialim- portance, will stand great chance of being overlooked by tbe National legislature in their measures for advancing the country, for the old adage "out orsight out of mind " ;s quite as often exemplified in large things as in small;a t e i g h t o ' c l o c k , a t t b e c o r n e r o f C e n t r e a n d F r a n k U t w e r e d i s t r i b u t e ! t o t b e b e s t m a r k s m e n .streets. Mr. James Glbbons,of the Fourteenth ward wat TASOIT EXCTRSIOM—The fifth annual parade or the ber. This course will be arranged as follows—There willAugust 1»:—|V A gentleman, just arrived here from Pyramid Lake re-ports that Winaemocca, with bflP Pah Utes, had returnedaad taken up bis abode at his old headquarters along thetake The old fellow is now In the best humor. He says and It is precisely these provinces which require foster1that tie whites have been making promises to him for ing to develops their latent resources. Therefore some the Tenth ward. 2 votes.five years, but have kept none of t! em. He claims farsteing men look for some more central point as theowaer- ,:p of all the country from the Oregon line to Car- best situation for the capital of the nation. They say eight o'clock.Tompkinaviile, and received their awarda at NautilusHsll.of which Mr. Thomas C. Burns is proprietor. TheGuard made an excellent appearance, and numoered se- Lalton; on Obstetrics, by Oeo T. Elliot, M. P ., Physician-son Valley, including all the rich mineral lands. H~e sec-as the idea of being limited to the reservation set apart for bin] at Pyramid Lake According to his own account, Wincemocea protested against the commence- mentofhostilitiestowardsthewhites,butwhen Ormsby aLd'..jjmenadvancedon htmathisown home he said hecouldnotdootherwisethandefendhimself.Heac l.nowiedges giview, the signal to return Ormsby'» fire, ani asbesays,theyoungwarriors,once arousedUthe c sabat. could not be restrained from pursuing andL-:rheriag the whites.that Cordova is the natural capital of the Argentine re- public; ttity say that by there establishing the seat of the National Legislature, the stream of civilization will boat traded north wards; that thence the members of the Le gislaturewillthemselvespassfurther, andseeforthem selveswhatmeasuresarerequisitefor tbe advancement ofthoseprovinces,atpreeeutknownbylittleelsethan their names, from which much tray be expected after a Mr,years of fostering care, by ths opening up of roads, I!?!?*!!'*"• J3"****-»»cityofcolleges,oncethecan- if* * 1 " g r t n l r°r Argentine scholars, politically installFIFTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.The committee having in charge the nomination of apersontorepresenttheminCongress andto look aft*theirInterestsfortheFifth Congressional district,matlasteveningatHasting'sHall,cornerofPittandBrcome streets.For sometime previous to the meeting of the commit- teetherewasquiteacrowdofsmallpoliticians, sumatventy-live men, ran!, atd tile. The mvitedjguests, some twenty five, were the first men of the town, and we-e exoeedingly enthusiastic.to Bellevue Hospital, and lecturer Adjunct to the Pro- fei-sor of Obstetrics: on Venereal, by F. J. Bum&tead.M. D., Surgeon to St. Lake's Hospital.Thespring,summerandfallcoursesareallfree tothe matriculated etdents of the college.THEUNIVERSITYOFNEWTORI.—MEDICALDEPART- MENT.valuable silver leads The soil and climate of the Valley ture.tiro and delightful. The slight agricultural attempti of mature, since deputies have not yet been elected tor the when oar reporter left they were indulging in c-ngratu- proved unsncceBBful. To avoid this interferenoe he in-bushels JtO«WFansbaws, »'Shortland, »'Chadbornr«-rk»eWoodrufiA Robinson,eievalor.... 8W.CO0the rude aborigines have evidently been rewarded with S£L*K!an.?*a\ I1 0 "*- anowajwver falls there, cor do * £ S . % . w t o d l T ¥ * H o f • & • I •*»• oomplalned soConvention, but so it does not seem to be generally con- sidered. 'MOKTITTDIO.The fertlvitleg of Ihe 18th or July this year were contions on tvery side, and apparently thejnomination hatgiven general satisfaction. The committee consisted of duced her on Sunday last to accompany him to New York.twenty four members, and was presided over by James for thepurpoae^w he aaid, of getting ice cream.but really Genito Urinary Organs ; Clinical lectures on the Diseases-wJ5 0 *^ if*,000ducted in a quiet, tranquil manner, symbolical of the l i k e VaSe'v o ^ w f ? « U l " £ ! * 1 ^V^T of Pyramid quiescent spirit at present animating the Orientals. A TcDeuM was celebrated In the mr'-is, at which the Presi- sh-uid be seized with an ardent d ! S a toa^SL •"..*".?' dent attended, accompanied by his ministers and a groupThe nominations in this district did not appear It create as great an interest as in the Fifth, there beingThe following gentlemen form the Faccltv of Medicine :istothisdesirethataUthe MI,„,!i!.&?aBtr' II trscd; and even the rumors7i %£££?£? S * y i ? t-vsry day, and all raise, arte froaTthe^ao!wS?^?0!r?1tnsian biood and Indian tstrttori• J h S h ^ * ^ i r " f o rnmpe cnhe-.as, soaped poles, and so forth, were erected in tbe Plaza Independencia, with fireworks at night to conclude.portion of their meeting on the Bidewadt, when they axe, immediately after which he drew a aazor and cut his Faculty.1 ^ba^civUised.but Aag^Saxoa, S £ £ * # g £Tbe talk onheiJay Is concerning a grand subscript1 onballtobegivenonthe6thproximo,tntheSollitheatre,which Is to be a splendid affair, not limply "complete,harmonious and beautiful," but enjoyable, also, to the nomination. The committee met at 205 East Twelfth be impoaalble for him to live. Tory fullest extent.lence hastakenpossessionof ^ t S ^ S V L S ?« very serious nature, and tl I last evening when a favor- ablechsngotookplace,thedoctorsslatedthatitwouldGunniDg S. Bodford, M D , Professor of Obstetrics the DiseasesofWomensadChildres.andClinicalMidwifery. John W Draper, M. D.,LL, P ., Proresso?of Chemls-iry and Physiology.Alfred C. Post, M. P ., Professor of tbe Principles andAormun, csnsss, arc.The sh.p Storm King, from New York, reporu that «„the tTth of April last, a sailor named Lewis B CamtL^ aged eighties years, and s native of New Yotk, WaskUi: ed by tailing from tbe mam royal yard.The scaeoaer Adrtanna, from Portland, Maine, which•\rrtved here on the 20th tnst., reports that off the riverIA Plats, whest m a gale of wind, David Larrlnee, seamaa,street, and consisted of eighteen members. 18EV1KTH COXGR1SSIONAL DISTRICT.The Breckinridge delegates to make a nomination forCongress in this district, met last evening at No 71 audience. The distribution embraced Madame Cclson.TheContlat»edScStreUjrofAmerletm Seat- m e n .The Liverpool Tt'n^ofSept. tsays —We bad occasion • few days ago to remark upon the asarcity of Americano J S ' S y . Kfears, alipped aad tail from one of the Sacramento and »"•ns|)tedu^!Li,? *JiD UP *•* "Tors- **»»• «»*e•*•Stigelli, Ferri aad Genebrei, a canto cemtante from the OperaHouseatNewOrleans. MadameCoUon isenrolled in the list of reliable artists, sad has a surePractice of Medicine.J. W.S.Gouley,M.D.,Demonstrator of Anatomy.J. H. Hinton, M. D., Prosector to the Professor of Sur- to speak of. Mow, bad each passenger sbtp which1fiftytsurty-five years eld: haPrice, the man who shot at aad sfad RobertThis was shallv votedPooh, cr wmk * l * y " ' J * *wu,,IkveacsD row a Niw CAnss.-.i»«•s»ar.e«tu_rnthereBoston. Robert Crocker wss sivo«»??^, , r e n » Court ofmarried la 181S to thechildren, but that sbe, unmiadful'o?hL,,I!? b 7 °*^irssis* **• nant, ced to the Shakers of ( W b n r T * " W *Herri* k and Mr. Godfrey were placed is itolfflio^o.member of Congrtaa. Two ballots were fcsd. whetTthewtook a recess for tea minutes. A t half-past ten o'clockthey recssembled and proceeded to ballot but withont ful and elegant actor. That is the rule with the French iiccesa.ani at twelve o'claek, finding they were unabia singers as It is the exception with the Italians. Tbe oosra* *— krtmsd on the to rson TsiMf, FridWy. «»d committed to jaiL Tbirt wss sesse dtapcaaitoa on the part of the people to lynch him, but tke srssneas of the offlcers prevented the outrage L D. Oinard.a witness at the mqoeet, whose testimony wss very fcvorable to Price, has been arrestedas afssssmry to the murder.J.mn Roberts has bees acquitted of the charge of mur-4xi>»$ flenry M fiofkes, at SmWapuio.pensary, on Surgical Anatomy aad Venereal Diseases.1 Tor. John C Draper, M D , on Poisons sad their Test?,. Is profited by it, tt hi a matter much to be desired thatAnother rot dissnf Protestant was received last week mto the Roman Catliolic church—baptised, kc., in the *•••»€• of a large assembly. Bo long as the inducementversion* m a , t ! o o k I o c * n^uiar repetition of these con-OTAAcibssrv OF MISIC—Verdi't "show" opera, "The Operations of Surgery, with Borgicsl sad Pathological reamen. which may be attrioutable in a great measure tetruss Pownal, Maine, Mi orerMsrd aad wat drowsed.JosephMaofcay,ssatireofLouisiana,agedlwenty-three ttwnedfw»Ti2*!?,,urTeJirinf "iosmerArgentinabasre- til Mondayeveningnextateighto'clock.o£osa Raisread cars last Ssnday, and wss killed. heforerttecouW^L1.^, 9*1ado» W M d*Uyed ">*** ^ y s Mrs. Ward, a native of Scotland, while engaged at gl*d on with at «5L?L*rWs**» • n d »t«fwards atragEIGHTH CONGIllSMONAL DISTRICT.Tlie delegates to Uta%hth Congressional District Con- position with tbe public, therefore her ientree wss mostf«T. sss left this port for tbe lost few weeks only Alexander B. Mott, M. D., Protector to tbe Emeritus been provided with a sufficient crew, thereProfessor of Surgery.John W . Draper. M. D\. LL. D., President of the would bare been at tbe present moment a supplyl»re* warybeparties have posirge disagreement ttm wis, owned in her ownAt s specimen of tbe instruct ion that may be obtainedw.^^.T"doubt notthe(•""''-— -— timewas spent uponamotiontoadjournoverandawait Bight. SignerStigelli wssexcellent in Arrigo, andM. stthisinstitution wegivetbenamesoftheleJturerean- excessivecrews,noindividsalconcernedisbenefited,andm >**•» <»et«mw?'J,b*relT enough water tofloather, tea, near Stockton. en the 17th The expedition^leal ta - 2 " ^ ! from a l i '«rt&er atteaipis.vention met st Smiths ,Hotei, corner of Fourth avenue and Twenty ecrenth street, Btephen P. Russell, President,welcome. We are among those who believe that Elena iswindow and mortally wounied. Ward •not Madame Oolson's best role; and still adhering to that <****•sre aireadv ons S f * - °» ne Thirty delegates answered to their names. Conaiderabit opinion, we can s s / that sbe ssag exceedingly well lastFaculty. ' 'of seamen tc meet the demand, and many wo«M have beenTMWkVaTTIKO EXPEDITION.officers are l a s T ^ * * lteffttooff4itt-for8somceoofft the tothe States, of a g g l l g homc—wid now returnbenefited and moch money saved : whereas, by shippingItwtn be r%iH_£? i1 ! * £ • fcntlemen com- 1 -1the action of the Douglas fiction, in hopes that both Con.'G»nebrei proved himself to be a thoroughly good artist. Cf course his style is more French than Italian, but he bas a good method, sad a voice which, if not remarkable for volume, Isofexcellent quality snd extended eomnass It is hardly necessary to say that M. Genebrei la s grace-tbe subject of their discourses:— „ „ _T. Gaittard Thomas, M. IX, Physician to Bellevue Hos-pital, on Obstetrics.P A. AystttjM. D., on Physiology.William R. Donaghc, M.R , fttrgeoa to tbe DemlltDisahould any casualty occur at tea, a large ©row would not be found advantageous—more llke;y tbe reseats would se tbe ease, as the old proverb « too many cooks spoil toe broth'* holding gx>d ia this instance, boasts Biting the boats with unnecessary men, aad deprivtog others ef a chance of being eared Considering tt e leastants trade between this port aad America, aad how much Liosrpoothe saasantteas e f"y*dL, asJtSh^e.la'st •OMssr psssed >ve cured'theaTof etftL?!?""**- !.«TitoavMMcraflcCHyandC«u*T€«•*«•«•••Kdnrntlom In the I's&ltod States. ThiscityhavingbecomewithregardtotheUnited SuteswhatPartsistoEurope,vte:—theseatof tatoal- leges for tbe ttady of awdicme snd esrfe—, tbe ttten-tlon o? the students is now directed hltberward at thebeat place where they can tetnire s perfeel knowledge ofthat upon which they are deairous to be informed. Tbe tiooa Lavs to be deposited to tbe Mott Museum OtherT a r n m a n y tonventloai,a n dH a l lTo night the C'ty and County Convention?, elected in so*T h eC i t yl o a m yMr. Robert C. Mclntyre, of the Fifth ward, appointed atbe unnecessary to say that the people were well behaved, but in the preeent instance it is matter for special remark that a better conducted or more decorous company was neverassembledInJones'Wood.appointed Chairman, and Mr.William A.Hall, ofthe P'xth ward. Secretary.RayTompkinsGuard,ofTompkinsville. S. I.,tookplace yesterday. The Guard, under command Of William C Denyse, formed at the house of Abraham Seguine, and proceeded toBiddle'a Grove, where thev ehot for thirty-befourcliniqueaineachweek, vrn-ASurgica'.ClictTue, by Prof. Parker; a Medical Clinique, by Prcf Clark; a .Sur- gical Cllnique. b y Dr. Detmold: a Clinlcae for Females, b y Pr. Elliot.In acuii11011- special courses of lectures will be delivered asfoUows:—0a tbe Organs of Special Sense, by Prof. Waits; on Meterology aS*ApP!lea 19 & Jiene, by Prof. St. John; on the Physiology of the Cranial Nerves', by Prof.The result of the first regular ballot was as follows:^.Mr. T. Barr, or the Sixth ward, 10rotes; Mr. A. L. Byrne6 votes; Mr. R. Barry, of the Fourth ward, 5 totes Mr.1 Griffin of the Fourth ward, 1 vote; Mr. C. Francis,* eight valuable prizea, after which they marched toThe meeting then adjourned until Monday evening s i °usually surround the polls on election day, talking on thesi 19 that there are about forty whites encamped aad far- r T ^ I r . ^ J H W S ° * *** « « • « jealousy, elected if thsy received the nomination, Their curiosity to end the tragedy by auicide. The facts relating to the The courses of lectures given will be OL Anatomy—GeneThe genntleman from whom I received this informationl.fied near Pyramid lake. Their business in the country nevertheless If It d o ^ new province may be created in was soon gratified, for in a few minutes after the comv case, stated by Catherine, are as foUowa:—It appears tbe ral, Descriptive, Surgical and Pathological; Principles to furnish a correct '.1st of that accommodate, which atf r c a p M a l nthe same nelgbborneld. which will answ 'r the same p u 7Is misleg, and they are satisfied of having found verV pose of drawing northwards the attests of the Legisla- mittee had met. it was announced that they had nomi- father has. en varices occasions during the past year,at- and Operations of Surgery ; Materia Medica and Thera-this time may not be uninteresting — At'.antc Pec*. Masters, elevatorbof Pyramid Lake are represented as surpassingly produc It may be thought that this dlsasssion is somewhat pre- ceived hy his friends with the customary shouts, a n t ways, on account of the proximity of a third party the Diseases of Women and Children, with Clinical Mid-freely diEruas;d the merits of the two candidates, Messrs. John Cochrane and Paul B. Bradley. The entire Veelins appeared toj)e tn faTor of Mr. Bradley, from the firettt me last, and, aa a natural consequence, he received thethroat and severed the veisa of bis arm. The girl'a Martyn Paine, M. D., LL. D., Professor or Materia wound proved to be merely a actio cut. Gathry'a are of Medlca and Therapeutics.Total.Math avenue, but after organization and electing officers!K t 1 " ^ transacting any furtherTintineT u^' 'can shipping masters; for although every Inducement and every exertion is made to procure men, still all proves abortive,astlerearenoaesaaenavailableaadnoarrivalsventions might unite on ona man.—— - T f y f ss4p—— down, and the names of J. CWUIett, G. W. Smith AnsonrfMesMsins*f tonblueilUiexvre* t(hea rMelkaltilo.n. o.f. . *'.vo.d, where she continued tolve.of Msssachosetts this isacause fordivmW 2 5 Ste agree, they adjocrsed to Weftietday trening.Untitled Document' altogether was very well done aad will bear reaetitione n!S?KKif 2? ?.F ^'•TrsvlstV' wfflbe giro.wltb^idameJ. W. & Gouley, M. D., Sturgeon to Bellevue HoKdtal, Demonstrations in Mfcroscoj ical Anatomy.ifr»w Noeggerath, M. D . Pbfstates to tbe Canal Street Dispeoaarv, oa Operations sad Instruments for Surgical PTfiaafn of WomenA Jacobi,M.D,Phyaician to tbe Jews'Hospitaleal theChildren'sDepartmentoftheCanalStreetDispensary, on Infantile Therapeutics.every facility ahould be given for the quick despatch of vessel-. and it is to be regretted that any clauaaa iu any Ensiiab enactments should exest calculated to retard ther Bailing, and it is tc be hoped thaifa*tbe raJte ta to be found where we bave stated (aad we bave every reason for believing it to be to) why tbe aoooer there it a re*- eion of our code and an alteration tbe, better H w U o t for our country ead our commerce,Under aursbbrl, StigellT and Ferrl. Tbe admirers of VortUwtU» *'**>*»*aCandidate.thushaveanopportunitytocomparetberival companies ew wlu lkMr. \\ heeler not a? a»rsaving pacedHe*.JohnWheeleramongthe hithesameoperawhichwassuneatNlblo'atmTcesdavdiftric*. la tills sity, that gentleman has seit u» the fol-from the year IMS to tbe present time exceeds two thouonly a few out of the legion or aspirants will make anykind of a show before the conventions. Who, then, art bis i a Crosse speech—reported on the same page In the J. M. Cariiocban, M. D-, Professor of Clinical and Ope-For the Supreme Court we have as candidates ReEdward C. West is likely to be nominated by acc.ama lion for Surrogate, if Tammany Hall mat's a nomination for that arose. Malcolm Campbell is the most prominentSurgery.Simeon Abrahams, M. D., Assistantto tbe Professor ofCutler and Col. J. McCunn, en the Tammany side, and Jami s Robinson and Malcolm Campbell on the Breckin- ridge side, are the strongest aspirants for the City Judge-tien, you state that Capt Brooks Portly wa elected is. command of the Sixteenth ward W.de Awake company.He expressed his grata'cation at the strength cf this WideAwake organisation, and said it was possible their servicesmight not cease with the eieehon. They had heard for two No 10 Uriocaquare.sion, under new auspices, and with increased means ofA new military company, composed of natives of We know that the Chief ot Police of this district has any event, it is said that the nomination of Brennac for r»AM;.EBC>r5 Coi.:aios BSTWKEK TWO Pax FKK:;T uiefulness " It also states that while the insulation is TBE NEW TOEE PKEPAr.ATORT SCHOOL* OF MEDICINE.IKE CLERGY Oi- I B S NORTHSRS DISTRICT.a 1 dressed a circular to tbe clergy there residing, charg Register will be Insisted upon. Tbe R-gistership is wortfcBO.VI%—A very dangerous coliiaion occurred about half- still recognized as a part of the University of the State of New York, and under tbe auspices of tbe Regents, that pastseveno"clookyesterday morning,ontheEastriver, bodybavebecameconvincedthatitwouldbetterflourish between two of tbe Williamsburg ferry boats. v> hich It is ir established upon an Independent basis. They there- fore applied to tbe Legislature, at its late session, to grantthe college a charter,by v.hich the control of the institj tlon. which L'_P heretofo-ebeen exercised by the Regents, should be rested in Its own Board ef Trustees. So satis fled were the legislature of tbe propt iety of this change, that the ample charter suggested by the Regents was promptly and unanimously granted.This school, situated at No. "1 last Thirteenth street, having been regularly Incorporated by a special act of the State Legislature, and empowered to confer the degree ef Bachelor of Medic.ne, has recently fitted tip a building w.th special reference to the prosecution of a preparatory medical education. The course of instruction is divided into two sessions, viz a fall and winter course, extending from October to March, and a spring and summer course,xtecding (with a few weeks vacation ic m.d sun-oner)adopted theZouave drill, the sabre bayonet,andthe bavereplied,assertingpositivelythattbepriestscharged thatherfavorite manshall benominated,fusionornt came of "Carabiaiers Califorciens." with the care of this city (Matamoras) have retired to fusion. Tbe fees of the Register are said to be enormous,Brownsville, abandoning us completely; and, finally, that worth proband; some twenty thousand per annum.The arguments in the New Almaden quicksilver mine the good curate of ramargo, knowing well his duties and The Breckinridge General Committee will be in session case will be delivered next month in the United Sutes his mission of peace aud apostolic charity, has given tbe to nhjht at the same time as the Tammany Convention.wonderful did not result in tbe lose of several lives Thefollowing reply:—CTRACY* oi THE Tows or CAMAROO, August 2d, 1860.It is believed that no nominations, however, will be made until to morrow evening. A Committee will proba- bly be appointed by the Tammany Convention, to confersteam':oat Genera! Warren, loaded down - 1th passen-gers, as is always tbe case at that hour of the morning,wss approaching near the Peck slip bridge, while theGecrg! Washington was leaving her dock for Williams burg. A contest Iter the right of way—worse than that of the stage driverB in our city thoroughfares—folic wed, which tbe pilot of neither vessel appeared willing to give. The natural consequence followed. A coliiaion oc-District Court. Mesas. J. P. Benjamin and ReverdyJcbason will appear for Bolton, Barron & Co , and Ed-trond Randolph for tke United States. Caleb Gushing is your respected communication if tbe 13tb arrived, prevent wiih a sim.lar committee on the part of the Rreckinridft espectt-d here on the same side. There are few persons ed me from having un opportunity of replying as I wished; interest, so as to arrange, if possible, a joint city a i tbut I do so now, declaring to you and assuring you that county ticket. In making these arrangements Mozart ic California who do not believe that the claim of the pre- I in this m y parish not a single case has arisen in walch it Hall seems to be entirely ignored, and no steps have yet sent holders has been established bej ond a reasonable [ might have b<en necessary to enforce the instructions been taken to conciliate her followers. It may happendottot.A meeting of natives of Mexico hat been held in thisft.- to adopt measures for the suitable celebration of theoua priests of this State; nor shall I bo able to make use of them hereafter, because that would cause me to incur tbe responsibility which the law has declared. But while there may not be established in the republic a go-Almshouse Governor Jan. Lynch, ex Judge Schermerhorn, and Beni. Wood are candidates respectively for Register, City Judge and Congressman, and it may be found neces- sary to concede the nomination of some of these sjsntlerender her wholly unfit for use, and the Warren having tbe rail, stancbeons, windows and roof of one end of the ladles' cabin completely shattered and carried away. Cer- tainly auch recklesa conduot should not be tolerated In pilots, on whose prudence and judgment the lives of thousands of people are daily dependent. It is not very long ago that a poor man's life was sacrificed b y a some what atanlhr accident. The Washington and Warren be- long to one company, and therefore such disgraceful con- duct ahouki be checked immediately.it leaves tbe College of Physicians and Surgeons free from control in the details of its organization, secures to it the influence of an old and distinguished literary Institution, by which, it is hoped, its sphere of uaetulxesa will be greatly enlarged. Important meaauree are.in contempla- tion by which the united effort.? of the two institutions may be mads to advance the best Interests of sound learning and general culture.The Faculty of Medicine cf this college consists cf the ollowing eminent practitioners:—Alexander H. Stephens, M D., LL. L.. Professor Eme rltusofClinicalSurgery.FawardDelaneU,MD, Professor Emeritus of Obstefquired in the college lecture room, or from his text books; and, likewise, fitting bim to pass a creditable ex • m'.nation for his degree of Doctor cf Medicine, as veil at to enter upon practice with leea hesitation aad embar-rassment. The spring aad summer course consists of iec uree upon special subjects. The hours for instruction st he Preparatory School are so arranged as not to inter- ere with the exercises at any of tbe colleges. ClinicalInstruction also constitutes a prominent feature through out the year, studeate of the school being exercised in ah tbem'sorsurgicalmanipulations,auch,fcrexample,ss cupping, bandaging, introduction of the speculum, he , &c..anadvantagewhichneedsnocomment.Tbe following are the names of the professors oho form tbe faculty of thii school:—John O. Bronson, M D , Charles A. Budd. A. M., M. D.; Godfrey Aicner, Ph. D , M. D : Hon. John H. Anthem. A. M.: Bern. L. Budd, M I'. Charlee K Brlddon. M D.; George Tburber, M I Bernard Kelly, M D.: and the subjects taocht areeur gery, midwifery and diseases of women, anatomy, legalThe circumstance of my absence from this town whenIwhichthegovernoroftbebishoprichassenttothevari- thatMozartlialiwillnottake theaffrontsocoolly, t.x curred,tbeWashingtonbeing soseverely damagedastorom March to C>ctober. The fall and winter course eon The Trustees of Columbia College, desiring to give to that tists or examinations, or quizes and explanations upon tbe institution a more complete university development, different branches of medical study, which are fully bave recently accepted the College of Physicians and Sur- 1:j-tratei. thereby enabling the student thoroughly tc geons,asitsmedicaldepartment. Thiaconnection,while omprebend that which he may have but cursorilyadversary or the Independence of that country. Last vernment with which the illustrious Mexican prelates may men, for the sake of harmony.yfar it wss postponed in consequence of thedeathof Senator Broderick.tquaretberulestowhichalltheministersoftheCatholic worship must submit, w e are resolved, as has been sum ciently rxplalned, to support, in the best way we can, a principle contrary to what tbe civil law has declared.The Tammany Hall primary elections passedoff last evening in a very respectable and quiet manner, only a few trifling scrimmages having occurred. The programme previously arranged was successfully carried out, theThe Terry-Broderiek case has been up again In thecourts. On MomUy, in San Mateo county, where an In- All which I have the honor to any In reply to your com right kind of men having been elected. For particularsd'.ctmeat against Terry was pending, the former acquittalwaspleadedasadefenceintheDistrictCourt.Thejurywere Ave hours out before the? agreed upon a verdict oracinitial HadthecasebeentriedinSanMateoaditterent manllpas. resti'.tfromtheonearrivedatinMarinwouldharecome. News from Batno*Ayres and Montevideo.Fall and his mtetrves, the woman Spangler, left here bythe steamer Sonora for Panama. The disgrace of the PBOrOSEI> CHANOI OP THE ARGENTINE CAPITAL—THEsee advertisements.The Breckinridge Congressional Nomi- nations.THIRD CONOBESSIOKAL DlSTBICT.Pursuant to a call in the HKRAU of Tuesday last, theBreckinridge democrats of the Third Congressional dis-trict assembled at the Fifth Ward Hotel last evening, to the most startling character. On Tuesday last the peoplenominate a member to represent them in the Congress of1860. Six delegates were present, from the First, Second,mur-iration, and protesting to you my esteem and con- sideration.Iremain,Ac. F8ANCIS0OJ.RECIO.To the Chief of Police of the Noratom Diitrict, at TaExmunos FORXHXBBLVEKIorIBBCHTRCRO:not TsAS^norsATiox ASK TBX SCHOOLS ATTACH?:, xo It.—Tbe Sixthward,andespecially thatportionof itvulgarlyde- tries.signated as *-Tht Five Points," does not enjoy the most enviable reputation iu the world for private morality orJohn Torrey, M D.,LL. D., Professor Emeritus of Che mistrv andBotanyJoseph Mather Smith, M. D Professor of Materia Me- d'.ea and Clinical Medicine.Robert Watts, M. D., Professcr of AsatomyWiiiard Parker, M. D., Professor of the P:Jic pies and Practice of Surgery and Surgical Anatomy41 Park row.Pledget ot Cnndidotes tor the Legisla- additional advantages to tbe scholars, as the cases andthoroughmedicaleducation,andforpracticalTtaatrueture.TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD.brought Into these hospitals ara alwaya open to their ob- eervation.It will be perceived that there are eight Important col- legesgbere located, and a number of special societies who meet to diecuss certain subjects, such as pathology, tur- gery, physics, botany, Lc.kc, to any of which it Is possible for the medical coUegiac to bare assess.The institutions bave very fine museums, apparatus, Jibrarlea, A c , In connection with them, which make these colleges far superior to many others iu America; and everything of importance that can assist tbe student in procure!, as far as practicable, and deposited ia tbespecial department devoted to the particular study.Ai theseason fortbeopeningofthese collegesmar now be said to have commenced, we give a short sketch ofthepriucitalonesof thisc.ty, thenamesofthem»m- bers of the faculty, ix. Tbe well known talent of most oftbelecturerswill•onrincetho3eatadistancethattioainail tbedetails of hydropathicbom* practice aa well as the management of water cure eeSa'oltoamests!Studentsbavetbeopportunityef witnessing tbetreat ment of almost all forma of ehronic diseases la the iastt tvtioc. and by visiting tbe cllntqoec aad hospitals of ths other schools in tbe city, they not only become pmlciettt in diagnosis, the most important stemeat in a physician's * education, so tar as success to securing public ceefldeoat Is concerned, but also enabled to see the i fleraa aaealael tystems practically contrasted.Tbe following it tbe Usl of the faculty of this latttta tion:—R T. Trail. M. D , Inst! totes ef Medicine, Theory a a t Practice, Mator .a Medics, Female Diseases and Medical Jurisprudence.OTLines,M.D.,AnatomyandSurgery.Huldah Page, M. D , Pbyafofogy and fljgteae. D.A.GortouiMD,CbeniietryandNaturalPhilosophy. Lydta F Fooler, M. i-., Obstetrics.Dr.H F.Briggs,Philosophyof Voice,SpeecheatC'huadier R. Gtlman. M. D., Proiossor cf Obstetrics, theration, which stands at the very head of that barest of Diseases of Women and Children, and Mei.cal Jurispru- medic'ne, chemistry and toxicology, physiology, botanyTHIHASOVXR ISBxnsr'isT GrAXP, Frederick Kuebe., sion yesterday to East New York. They were presentedfe-sor of Obstetrics. dka, Botany and Pharmacy. Tbe course of studies wi.. Htnry B Sands, M. D.. Demoxutr&tor of Anatomy, and commence on October 17,186t).Jersey CityKcwi.Armtmr. RAPE,MCRDSSANDSncrr>«—Yesterday morning a Scotch ah ipwright, named James Gathry, madeadiabolical attempt to ravishhisdaughterCathe- rine, a BmaU, simple looking girl of fourteen. Failing InThesessionTor1860-Mofthisinstitution,whichusitu- ated at No. 107 Fast Fourteenth street, will begin OL.Mon-tbe city papers in reference to the capacity of the regular merits of the candidates and their chtnee or being this attempt, he made unsuccessful efforts to kill her, and day. Oct. 15. and will be continued until the 1st of March. grain stores in this city and Brooklyn, 1take the libertynated James H. lynch unanimously. The news was re- tempted tbe crime of incest with the daughter, which al- peutics ; Institutes and Practice of Medicine : Obstetrics,u. rlyon. ^ 8IXTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.to conduct her to a diaoeputabie house in Eltetbeth atreet Here, through her cries for help, his purpose was frua- trated. leeterday morning, while ane was engaged in making a lire, he;entered, and throwing her upon the noor, again attempted, but without success, owing tn theof Women and Children; Clinical L.-ctures ou Physical Diagnosis.1 ambler, elevator Creen'.earTaylorJ0 0 '?^ JOO^OO 1W.CW ***» 2 5 ' { ^ 100,14*) ••**>.000..t.OCO.OOtwireJ^uta^ns^»^L^blUnK,* * ««*other »V*lleys of thePan-Cisi Indians aad take p o a a ^ f o f tt2Je2ittto ^ ? of officials; while, for the amusement of small boys very few persons about the place when the committee interference of the girl's mother. A few minutes subse- Valentine Mott. M. D ., 1J- D , Emeritus Professor orBrooklyn ...Ford...«• Beden elevator" Baxter niggers,andotherIrreligiouslyinclinedindividuals' met. Indeed,therewassofewthatthemembershelda quentlyhestruckheraviolentblowontheheadwithan SurgeryandSurgicalAnatomy,andexPresidentofthe NewYork ..LawrenceACoSicilian Vespers,'' attracted a very large, and, for the Anatomy. 'William H. Van Buren, M. D., Professor of General aadseason, which has as yet hardly commenced, fashionable Descriptive Anatomy.wifery : Chemistry and Physiol>gy ; Clinical Surgerv;" " '• '•«-if?'22 S 5 0 ^ 5Clinical Medicine ; Clinical Lectures on the Diseases of theRev. Isaac Ferris, D. D., LL. D . Chancellor of the University.the excessive crewa that the passenger act compels eati rrsnt ships to carry. Tbere are at present na less than a doren vessels in the Mersey waiting for crews, aal thatJohn T. Metcalfe, M. D., Professor of tbe Institutes and tn the face of tbe large advances new offered by Amen -HTOEIO THET.ArETTIC COLLEGE. This college Is aitnated tt No If LsJgfat etreet •ecordinfiydecreed.TOremThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street2rr2?! " * "*** 5 ' < 232y* "yrsatt for Congressional fcouora it the SixthFulto13069nNew Ywww.fultonhistory.comorkXbe total number of graduates from tblt University 