 13gtO*'ft *AAU(Kt*°n. m th«Sot*fc•W-CUa*. .p«w*..*.' *-l*>C' in Lin. man i« Iidee of the M Wof th% Li»lRBiot KA* I. Lin- very Vinton above.f Mr. theof the should |allait whyit *BcQ.Mr. rackrightMr. .A.fromAndTQBtatofI* which.,atten- enefifc is in-ege*.how- qrisn-work- be of year*ap-p*r:Thohick' teat-the a andP0*" ofrt of hav©-* him; aacnfor. out 'rneThethe Vr-tht* on* '.:ndl>e'rig a member of 'tn'S.'-body I am anxious to conformto r,lr its rule* and its discipline. I would feel very ench unappropriated land*, at two dollars and fifty odnffr per JEM.-doa*#Hc porpo**. Dorinfi thtM period the wpgfy for "hip> plug, manufuHorte*. &c., vrlfl 6fftcxx-«witybe otft offentiroly.,/>>-, By order of tile Board, yaVtWJ ::J.uts. :d,ow for hata*i*te>of koeot hi*ormSECRETARY FLOYD'S LETTER. Since then he had been called upon by various members . Secretary Floyd's letter advocating the ab- and requested to again present it. He therefore gavenotice that be would do so on Monday.stract right of secession, conform** to his recent Mr. V ALLANDIGHAM (Dem., Ohio), from, the declarations here. Secretaries Thompson and Special Committee appointed at the former session on the Senate bill abolishing the Franking Privilege, madeCobb hold the-same views, only the latter is for a report thereon, and proposed certain amendments.'immediate action. According to the President's Mr.COBB(Dem.,Ala.)fromtheCommitteeonPub- own theory in the message, he has three revolu- lic Lands, reported a bill to construe the meaning of theWHEN THE REP AIRS WILL BE DONE.It is uncertain how long it will take to put tho mains-i.'luted or detrrwiu-d on. A ? ' : ^ # ^ » * v ' u t * % •i fro.>jn i.ereare tuSpred by>*»unai Oo.u'jivctft.!The W arDepartment distributed*was tbe meaning of " minimum.". JOHN COCHRANE (Dem., N. Y.) rose to a point his own elevated, and patriotic nature, and in accord•mand is made by one section of the country upon the^ other, and let ns feel, Sir, what are the maddening pal- sutions that agitate while they exhaust., the country; what the prospect of returning tranquillity, and how«:*ft -,t • ..ure of pacification which will bo satisfactory to shadow of the .gray wing of dissolution is spreading ren, for the time being, have their domicile, sell said land for the dated in February last. Lord John Russell says that and extending over this House and over this country;" benefit of said, infants, bat forho other purpose; and tbe purchas-kothsections,anditisnotimprobable,too,per- itwlispainfuldutytocallattentiontotheincreasing and»6deepisthegloomunderits/banefulinfluence ershallacquiretheabsolutetitlebythepurchase,andbeentitled activity and success of the slave-trade: carried on on to 5 patent from the United States, on.payment of the offitce'feeshaps, three reports may be made. Such a divis- the'coasts of Africa and Cuba, and that it appears that that hardly any member can be brought to attend to and sum of money herein specified.the usual "meetings and the ordinary transactions of SKO. X And be it further enacted, That tho register of the'ion will not tend t o produce reconciliation; but the number cf negroes introduced in Cuba last year the House. Men's minds, Sir, have been disturbed Land Office shall note all such applications on the tracts', booksPolice and Fire Department all on Duty, KESUIT OF MAYOR WOOD'S MEDMMG.nfreely take from any premises where the owner*thereofmak,9R0 objection. Thehotelsgettheirsup-m eply from the s>^ soarce* The Ridgewood reservoir i»full, and Comm. iesioner Nortbrup anno.rmees that thoNassau Board a ^ ready to supply all New-Tork forT8he Winter. Dra T^th large casks/handtearta con-.par.given yesterday, introduced a resolution that so much of the President'i* Message as relates to the present agitatedanddistractedconditionofthecountry,andthe ^evfinces of the shareholding and" non-slaveholdingplates, be referred to a Special Committee of thirteen n.embers, and that said Committee be instructed to ft,^nire whether any additional legislation than already vythin the sphere of Federal authority and duty will be necessary for the protection and security of the prop- erty of tne U. States: if so, to report .by bill, and that the t>aid Committee be also instructed to consider and report whether it is Seemed expedient to propose an amendment or amendments to tbe Constitution of the United States, to insure a prompt and full protec-partialapplftose from members on the floor.]Mr. OARNETT (Dem., Va.)—I trust, Mr. Speaker,«•#••When the South Carolina ordinance for seces- sion shall be passed, Commissioners will be sent Iiere to negotiate with the Government for a basis of peaceable separation, and transfer of theproperty of the United States to that State.They will not be received in any official capacity,and their demand for the forts and arsenals willSonth Carolina, Mr. Boycfe. FfwnnyJvaDia. Mr. Campbell. Georgia. Mr. Love. Connecticut, Mr. Ft-rry. Maryland.-Mr, I>a-ri».AlaWuu.iv, Mr. ilouatoi;. Maine. Mr. Mor»o. Mi**ouri, Mr. Phelprf. Ark«n.stt(i, Mr. Runt. Michigan, Mr. Howard.Alluny,P t c f>, IfcW>.Yesterday morning, there was no water in th^ lower o'clock this morning.wyiM^.Gl*******' -*wTHE LATEST NEWS*NEW-YORKDAIL Y TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER T ' 1 8 6 0 '.' 6 '"»..:.•;.;L/?: RECEIVED BY BIAGNETICF r o m Wa*»lUx*6rtox2u SpecialIH»T**©htoTheN.Y.Tribun*. *unwilling todraw npopuiyself a rebuke or reprimand, particularly when I consider it might take the nature oi moral suasion* I have n/-> desire to call upon ravself j:ny rebuke or reprimand 6f that kind, arid I shall,divmonn of the pnblic lnnda. and after the «anie shall have W»n eurvejed. ,-•»,-...'.ofrlOMAS STEPHENS, P^Sdene. A^ W. CRAVEN.' ChiefKn*ine*r.-. THOS B.TAFPKN ' Awi»taht ComnrWonerCroton Aqnedaot Board.W ASHINGTON, Thursday, Dec. 6, 1860. THB SPECIAL COMMITTEE. .Committee, I shall be but a very unimportant memberof it, and certainly not a very efficient one. I know whomsoever; and, upon filing tbc*uffidavit with tho register orThe"speaker changed hismindatalatehourNo Water Below Fourteenth •***•*• To Covtuwfr* of Croton Wafer for Manvfactvring Purpo$f* and ','.' ' Shippert;amount has yet to be considered. THE TARIFF.• •It has been stated tliat the filling in was in largoImmediate efforts will be made to pass Mr. tion to the lights and property of citizens of every State and Territory, and to insure tbe equal rights of Morrill's Tariff bill, as the most effective mode the citizens aforesaid under the Federal Constitution..of restoring confidence, securing revenue, and Laid over for the present.intelligence and people.patriotismof thegreatbody ofthearresting the present panic. "Without some such measure, the wheels of Government will be stopped. ,Mr. BIGLEK (Dem., Pa.) moved to adjourn. Car-' ried, and the Senate at 12:15 adjourned.NOTK.—Mr. Latham's memorial provides for carryr ing the entire letter mail by Pony Express, and the residue of the mail to be divided betweon Mr. ButterIt commenced the struggle for the establishment of its principles with more than half the States of the Confederacy and all the power of the Federal Govern- ment aiTayed against it. , .Confiding in the justice of ita principles, and thepatriotic considerations which culled it into existence,it has struggled on through years of calumny and mis-rcpresentation, untitit has by the power of truth andreason, secured tho control of the National Govern-ment fcr tho next four years; and, with this control,the practical recognition and enforcement * of the prin-ciples upon which it is based, and which found clear,emphatic and acceptable expression in the resolutions in operation again, from the fact that it cannot be deter-rof the Chicago Convention. mined w ith exactness where the breakage exists.Membersmust be readyatevery alarmof fire, untiP-. further notice. The JT. G. St>orm has steam on, readyJw|dollar an.dtvrc-nty.nve cent*, or lew, porocre; or eifffity aoVoVof acrb;iobclocu(cdina body, in conformity to the lega* <&b-,,.•.•. y . ' : : &' • • :;-\'.{•'-• it.-:-'?: > >•:..,.-:7SOUTHERN SENATORIAL CAUCUS. .'AB the Southern Senators are invited to meet field and the daily route, to run through San. Jos6 andridge of one ledge to that of another, until finally theygave way. The pipes when laid by the origiual Com- the oldwells, and that suction pipes be attached to"in. caucus on Saturday at 11 o'clock, for the Plaoerville. The statistics exhibited show its feasi-mieeioners of the Croton Department, twenty years ago, were placed at a depth of five or six feet, but by the receet grading of the street, they arc now aboutbility. 'ent emergency.- None of the Northern patriots, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Purpose of determining their policy in the "pres-like Messrs. Bigler, Bright, and Co., are in- Mr. MORRIS (Dem., 111.) said it would bo remem- bered that on Tuesday he sought to introduce a resolu- eiy. vited. tion concerning the perpetuity of the American Union.25 feet leneath the surface/words "minimum price of tbe public lauds."Mr. BRANCH*(Dem., N. C.) had hoped that such S E N A T O R P O W E L L ' S P R O P O S I T I O N . bills would be withheld for the present, in order that Congress might ^cocsider a measure of more bublic im-Senator Powell's resolution for a Committee of port ar.ee.Thirteen to save the Union, is predicated upon Mr. COBB replied he would for that, purpose with-draw what he bad offered, and everything no had left ' the precedent of 1850, and is better than the intheshareofbills. Butuntilsomeconciliatorymeas-the selfish and factious course of the Mayor, this acci- dent would scarcely have affected tbe consumer* oftionists in his Cabinet.. . . -iHouse project, which covers all creation. ARMS AT THE SOUTH.ure was offered be would in other respects perform his tiutv. ' .Mr. BRANCH—I made no reflection upon the gen- 500,000 tleman.will not live forever.By order of Superintendent Kennedy, notice*-wrero*sent by Operator Polbamus to the NiDth, Siiie^ntii^ Twentieth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twen^-»firsb^ * Nineteenth, and Twenty-second; Distriete laafrfnigmV setting forth that the fire hydrants would bo p"Op>i"Sd^ eo that water can bo drawn from them for domoeli*.stand of arms in the SlavtV States during the last Mr. COBB—I did not so understand yon.year; but a less liberal proportion in the Free Mr. COBB wished to know from Mr. Branch whatStates. One hundred thousand dollars worth of muskets of old* pattern, which cost $14, were recentlysoldfor$'250each,whentheymight fcave been easily supplied with modern improve- ments. Perhaps they will be sold to Govern-m e n t again a t full price, after, being slight expense.THE SENATE ADJOURNMENT. The Senate adjourned till Monday,alteredatvides that the word " minimum" shall be construed a<cordirg to tbe land graduation act, so as to apply to altemitto and reserved sections of land granted for railroads or other internal improvements, and in favor of actual settlers, and not to mean a dollar and a quarter per acre, as now officially constrned.The SPEAKER appointed the following Special Committees under Mr.Botekr's resolution, to consider quebtiens connected with the perilous condition of the country.therefore, Sir, in the name of our commonhunai.ity—I appeal to him now in the hour of ing resolutions^peril to our common country—I appeal to him by tho 1. That the Republican State Central Committee do-iiro to ox- memories of the past, by the prosperity and the con-, pre*'* th<-ir i-eusfc of the great services rendered in. the lato Presi-supply Croton, and there is in consequence great in^ convenience experienced, from tho limited amount they are capable of delivering. These two mains connectForty-aecond to. Fiftyrninth street. Day siyl a^^ht, pot<ts were arranged on the above lines, ussLthe. rt ,e n were instructed to prevent »•wasteofwaiesv-;.because, under t its rules, no business can be attempted awing the first six days, and until the Committteeswith the upper Reservoir, and after they arrive at Orders were issued from the Croton Board; ?i^8r' ibit- l 2. VJ Lfet thi« Committee cordially recommend to all Republican Fourteenth street they mingle with th£ general net- ing the use of tho Croton ibr uiivnufucturiagtpuoj*» osos^'a r eorganized. ^THE PROCEEDINGS UNDER SECESSION.Virginia. Mr. Million.Masfftcfciitietts, Mr. Adama.North Carolina, Mr. WindowN«-w-Yoik, Mr. HiuHphr^y*. Ill»uoi». Mr. Kellogg.fce refused. Then the ball will open according, totbe present programme. Messrs. Magrath and ary wuue was to name on the Committee tbe mover ofthe rwilnlion- under which the Committee was or- Menmiinger will probably be the Commissioners, den-d to be formed. He had omitted the name ofspeak for each that success which the toils and cares offlow. " . .to the Club: J.. F- Freeborn, Jaw i e a Hinchman, R,and perhaps Mr. Ehett. THESTATEOFFEELING SOUTH.reaeOns which are wholly ai»ne<:essary for me to repeathere or to recapitulate. I have conaulted, Sir, one of the second separation. She cannot live in or out of oldeft rr.embers in tbe House, whether it is voluntaryor not on the part of any member to serve when 'the Union, comfortably with her Nuililiersin the appointed on a Committee. I understand, Sir,M •Most of the Southern and even cotton Statesare restive under the lead of South Carolina,apprehending exactly the same difficulties withher in the event of secession which are now man- on the Committee. I ank the -HonM) to excuse me fortill Monday.' .THE HOMESTEAD BILL.-TheAdamsExpressCompanyhaveourthanksfor daily Philadelpia papers in advance of the mails.GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY;-—The American Geographi-duct, Which would. have occupied three days, the. calamity would have been still greater than it is. Tha. cold weather, however, had induced such a waste o>DriXJ>orClub, stating that tho Stat* Tjentral Committoe had recommended a continuanc* of »n tho Republican or-ifested, and anticipating the probability of aProf. Robert Campbell, who wan just returned from a vitit to thtit country. Dr. Hawlfe,. who presided, and w l o e Southern, proclivities are well known, alluded, to Prof. Campbell ns " a n individual known t o Our,reduce the supply;-nx}d postponed the examination*. : ORDERS FROM THE CROTON BOARD-,The Croton Board have issued the followingnoticoA;PoiNT.-At tho Winter Garden, on Wednesdaynioht. when "Richelieu?»(Mr. Booth) said to hiSpage»"Take away the Bwr rd; States may 0/be^iaved 0withbnt0*, tho sentiment was instanay appliodto ourascendant, »MR. LINCOLN'S CABINET.< An intimate friend of Mr. Lincoln's, who loftJam within 'the past week, states he was assuredthat no member of his Cabinet had yet Um de«g-that is an involuntary- act on the member's bait.' In-other words, that every member is com- relled bv the rules of the House to ecrve on anyBiu. to. «ccnro HomcstcndH to Actual Settlors on tho Public iriei.d Dr. Betbune." Dr. Rethuno,.madea few intro->: in^ reference, to tha.lbotditieb where water ytift, be fur duvtciy remarks in. which ho. compared the names of nished for domestic purposes only: > , •• ,«jmm ,, ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^**^<^*'<m!Slit!TXTM**^F* T7HT'TrT ~Fi"sm-V.*f!mmH2i»±-..,j-^W•j-- ' :. .-..•Tftc President sent to tho Hottso to-day a very large» a w of documents in respouso.to the resolution at-thoformer powon. From a cursory exruniiuition of t'hoircontents it w shown that the cost per annum of the Af-nenntquadrou, from the year 1843 to 1859,-was therefore, ask the House, nndtr all the circumstances the.Jaud office m which be or »ho id about to make such entry, f ^ W0._The cost for the present year is estimated at of tbe case, that Ibe excused .from sernng on this ruak« aUidavit before tho *nid register or receiver tbat he or i»he. anout*?.00,000,owingtothemajorityofthevossels Committee. Evenifcompelled,by;therulesoftho istheheadofafamilyoris21yearsormoreofage.andthatfast Digit, in regard to the time time of an- of our Ihu?should give immunity to those who have majority of that Committee. <At all events, if I must Hliallbe given, or patent issued therefor, until the expiration of the right to wear it. Such a pretense wonld subject it rerve, I will be obliged to act with the minority, and nve years from the date of such ontry; and if, at the expiration ofnouncing the Special Committee on Mr. B o r e r ' s to degradation and dishonor, because it would thus be to have an independent report of our own. As the ob- Mich timo, or ol any time wi'hin two years thereafter, the person.Yon are hereby notified to o»onowater tor fS« above pnrpo*»» until the further notice of this Board.THOMAS STEPHENS. > Croton THOMAS B. TAP^ENLVAi^dnct A.:"W. CRAVEN, , '5 Board.WHERE WE MUST GET WATER NOWjjat *>anded with painstaking economy, and the water of euch well* as have not been filled in was sought eagerly.madeacover for piracyand other crimes of similar makingsuchentry—or,if he bo dead,hisxvid^w; or,incaseof ject of the Committee is one of unanimity, of peace, her death, his bens or devisee: or, in case of a widow making atrocity. But her own citizens, who rightfully dia- and altogether a Union-saving matter, I mnst say, as I such entry, her heirs or devise*, in case of hor death—shall prove ern men, who desired their experiments imme- -playit^areentitled to absolute- immunityandprotec- -havesaidbefore,thatIam.opposed-toanythingofthat by two cTcdiblo witnesses that he,she,or"they have resided tion. You will, therefore, be prompt to prevent the kind. That day is passed. Tne time of compromise, I upon and cultivated the Rome for the term of fivo yearsStates falsely assume the flag of any other nation, it dress the House. He said: Mr. Speaker, I have list- further. Thai in case of the death ofbofh father and mother, leav- would constitute no protection." ened with a great deal of regret to the application ing an infant child, or children, under twenty-one years of age, niade by my friend from Florida (Mr. Hawkins) that the right and fee shall enure to the benefit of said infant, child, orTHEWHOLECITYONSHORT ALLOWANCE;OLD W E L L S R E O P E N E D . xiergency; the meager drippings from rovfe have been eiresolution, under appeals of Conservative South-diately started, in the hope of arresting the se- search or detention of vessels of the United States on repeat, hn8passed forever.cession movement; Some modifications of the list the bi#h eeas, in time of peace,"by the armed vessels ofI sent were made, but its general political com- any other Power, and should a vessel of the United Mr. JOHN COCHRANE (Dem., N. T.) rose to ad- a.patent, ns in other cases provided for by lawr And provided,Various expedients have been adopted to meet theplexion and character are preserved. Thismove- xnent cannot be expected, in view of existingPrecautions Against Fire.perils—nay, with danger upon us. It is true that there "treasure." • J ° is no gcod reason why this House, through the repre- •was expected, and had been previously concerted. * In a letter from the Secretary to Minister Dallas, sentatives here assembled of the opinions of theM r . Millson of V a, moved an adjournment, with dated March 31, I860, he says: country, should, on their prudence and patriotism, ex- cuse my friend from Florida from serving on this Com-the view of preventing a stampede in that direc- " There is mueh in the conduct of British officers of mittee. I believe, Sir, that even now, from the ever- which this country may justly complain, and certainsity of increased vigilance when the safety of vast in- with solicitous vigilance to the action of their repre- its yrovisions into effect -, and that the /Kciristers and Receivers ofasked to >e excused from serving. This step " there, and then return to Spain to enjoy their ill-gottion,andgainingtimeto confer with those reportsandvariousoccurren(reswarnusoftheneces- gladesofhisdistantState,men'seyesaredirected consistentwiththisact,nsshallbenecessaryandpropertooarryclear, abundant, life-cheering,'health-giving Croton—had suspended, seceded, refused to liquidate; in fact, odOr arising from the stream fli rmngfrora the refinerynearby,whichisowingtothepeettliarchemicalquali- DISCOVERY OF THE BREAK. ties of"thewater from an Artesi *n well. Among wellsAt about 9J o'clock on Wednesday night, one of the may be mentioned that of Mr. Harrison, on Sullivan policemen belonging to the Central Park force observed street, which yields 6,000 galloi vs an hour. Mr. Tay-extremists who are disinclined to any arrange-mentwhatever. Hesucceededby12majority, terestsofourcitizensupontheoceanis"broughtinquestion." °and the House having previously agreed to ad- Mr. Cass plainly says that the President has readjourn till Monday, three days are given for con- with surprise and dissatisfaction certain British official representations which, in the judgment of the Execu- sultation. Meantime, Mr. Corwin has decided tive Department, " are not supported by the facts ad- not to convene the Committee, in order to allow Vftpccd, nor are tbey compatible with the respect full opportunity for Southern m e m o e s to confer which is dne from one independent nation to another." It further appears from these documents that the among themselves, and, if practicable, to effect Butish Government has frequently complained to our an understanding by which the extremists will own about the increase of the slave trade. So Secre- tary Cass writes to Minister Dallas in October last, to enter upon the consultation unconditionally. assure Lord John Russell that the Foreign Office has When that fact is decided, he will summon been assured more than once before that certain diplo- them. matic suggestions are as unnecessary as they are unac-sentative here, and that they watch with anxiety his the several Land.Offices shall bo entitled to receive the same proceedingsinthishourofdoubtandperil;andIam compensationforanylandsenteredundertheprovisionsofthis act that they are now entitled to receive when the same quan- convinced. Sir, that, could their voices reach' here, tity of land is entered with money, one-half to bo paid by the there would be a beseeching appeal^ hoard to their rep- pen-on making the application at tne time of so doing, and the resentative to stand forward at this issue, and assume other half on tho issue of tho certificate, by tho porson to whem it may bo issued: Provided, That nothing contained the front of this unprecedented controversy. God in thia act shall be so construed as to impair or interfere in any prant, Sir, that this Committee may be unanimous. manner whatever with existing pre-emption rights. Andpro-burst up, literally, as hereby shown.'of order. "Minimum" is a Latin word, and tbe busi- Mith his generous and patriotic constituency. Those, ness of Congress is required to be conducted in the En- Sir, aie considerations as legitimate, as general, liihlanguage..[Laughter.] andascatholic,asisthogreatandgloriousAfter further proceedings'the bill passed. It pro- .Republic in which we live. I appeal to him,The two.36-inch mains disabled for use are the prin-cipalconduitsbywhichthecity.iasupplied,withwater. purposesontheThirdavenws,,fromFouefceedlbtxr•T<-T)Mo»>ee, Mr. Nel«on.The SPEAKEK der-ired to say that the parliament-newci aj-ere recently established in the cities named.Each one bcais upon its face nnmistakeable indicationaof tl o enterprise of present day journalism. We be- of the waste gates at High Bridge to. prevent an over- had been effected, and sending ttie* lowing dolegatcaObio, Mr. Gorwto, Cnatrtnon.viohiting said order.P. S.—Oar reporter was wi the ground thia.» oming,JUi*-d« Inland, Air. Hobinsoa. Florida, Mr. Huwkim*.NEWSP APERS.— Theliepvllican, The Povghkcrpsie Daily Eagle,JtoA TheJRccheftcr Democratic Press aire tho titles of three daily * PLENTY OF W A TER—ABOVE THE BREAK.T)«;lawHre, Mr. WMteJe/.jpubire, Mr. 'lay Nfvp-Honjpubire, Mr. Tappan.Nfw.J^rM.-y, Mr. Stratt9»Kentucky. Mr. Bristow. i V'tjujont, Mr. MonilLTexar.-Mr. Ilamilton. Wiwcom-in; Mr. Warhburoe. Iowa, Mr. Curt in. California, Mr. Burch. Minnesota, Mr. Wludom. Oregon, Mr. Stout.whether Mr. Hawkins Would be forced to serve. hoped others v ould ask to be excused from voting.HeNEWWashington-NationalREPUBLICANC^^*ynAi.CLon.—AnotUJbi i^astio meet"* ing of thisClub wair held last n%ht at ita ai}Vr Quarters No. 814 Broadway,. President Dr«p«*r j n t^e cba[r[ Communications were received froa* - ^ fijghth As- sembly District stating thai a pern*» 8 n t brgaufeationSir. Boteler at that gentleman's own request/ Ho hadendeavoredtoappo%ttheCommitteetothebest ofLisjudgir.ent,andattheearliestperiod,inviewof the imporSut business with which the Committee wasthe newspaper buBinesb so . i i• irichly.merit. ; II•ii M.\ ,Had the Chief Engineer shut off the water at the McGowTau, Es.Soper, and J. Speso* jr. The Clul>rcou» Croton.lakeonTuesday,aswascontemplated,forthe willbeopendayandnight,anda&&$y^mboheldpurpose-ofmakingtheannualiui^ec^onoftheaque |everyThursdayevening. -Mr.* addressedthoUtJ»:;t<-d. ' , . . T ^ ^ Mr. HA WKINS (Pern., Fin.), rose and said-Mr,W e give below a copy of the Homestead bill which pmod the HotiEe of Reprcscntativca on Wednesday. Tnis'bill avoids the objections made by the President in his veto of the bill pa^edby the XXXVth Congress, and is likely to become n law:Speaker, for reasons J b<*g t<» be exeiuod from Hcrvjngal and Statistical Society'held, a meeting last eveningor the purpose of listening to a paper on Africa by the Croton, that Mr. Craven deemed it imprudent toganizations throughout the St afc. ':'• - L.-. *•:t -1;.»'* MAUrnittee nron;wh?eh hejmav^boScar that penalty, for eo long as I nave%L2$&**W&*KOTICE.~In epriaeqwence<ofthe breukmj:e? the ronln water Peraonafre*: water from therdraot» Will Tho llUAOat.economy Ill bo ufcecaaory to Uifiureeveu a luultod tupply.lorIndiana, Mr. Dunn. Louiraana. Mr. Taylor. Mijtvi'ijtprn, Mr. l)nvl».BBSS! ,.li'. ii n K'i.li.i.i.,.ILlliiJtWUUWF.iiiMj^wi^^^iiiiiMitLuTW^ui»j|»ii' " •such application is mude for hia or her exclusive use and benefit. and tboic specially mentioned iu tbi« act, and not either direotly or indirectly fort IK- use or benefit of any other porson or personareceiver, ho or she shall thereupon be permitted to enter the "TheVh:ted.Mate*doesnotclaimthemerehoisting thatIcannotbringmyselftb>consenttoactwiththe SUOi\'v,yoflandspecified:Provided,however.Thatnocortlfioaf*L O W E RR-ESERVC^,R DRAINED ./.The Chief Engineer has scAt men out with' orders to shut off the water from factorie*, as well as to strip alJ the hydrants from which vessels get their supply. Tbefollowing notice was alao served:, CXOTON Atrrmscn DrtPAierxKXT, Dec. 7,IW50,employed being war steamer^ In the instructions to the flag officer of the African squadron, the Secretary of tin-Kayy says: :Houeq. or the recognized customs ofJt» to serve on theMc*t °^ ^Radical differences, to bring forward any meas- the latter, by direction, read to Secretary Cass. It is tee. It has well been said here, Sir, that " the dark and in accordance with tbe laws of the State in which such child- MANUFACTORIES AND ENGINES STOPPED, Brooklyn, the Mayor of that city allowing)h to begather augment embarrassments.Still the effortW 0 t i a n H * ******£ ^ Repubfccans are nottaining barrels w. ^»«lbarrow8 with waslitabe, and It it possible to do without rum, although, from the men with pails, may be seen on the ferry-boat*. When amountsoldinthiscity,astrangermightthinkother- thedraysreturn,it **curioustoseeathirstycrowd wise;butthecuttingoffofwaterisaverydifferent gatheringaround,anu\byturnsperformingsuctionaaattemptsatfairadjustment. MR.HAWKINS'SPOSITION."operatedwiththeGovernmentofGreatBritainwith tions,andevokeshispurestemotionandgreatestwis- mgofthepatenttherefor. 'i!;! -tAmong tno documents from the State "Department is he may be excused from serving on this Commit- cbildi en: and the executor, administrator, or guardian may, at a note from Lord John Russell to Lord Lyons, which any time within two years after the death of the surviving parent,w$s from twenty-two to thirty thousand; also, that now for weeks past, and by this one great and absorb- aiid pints of his office, and keep a register of all such entries, and United States capital has beenmore and moreemployed make return thereof to the General.Land Office, together within this traffic, the parties sailing under the American ing topic of conversation, that enlists all men's hearts the proof upon which they have beon founded.and all judgments, and which demands from every in- SKC. 4. And he itfurther enacted. That all lands aoquired un- Reposed to throw any obstacles in the way of nag. He adds: "The Governments of France, the dividual, from every citizen his best efforts and exer- der the provisions of this act shall in no event become liable to "United States, Portugai, and Brazil haveco- the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted prior to thefssa-dom. Sir, it is.most., important at this issue that the"aviewtoputanendtothisdetestabletraffic. The RepublicshouldcommandtheexertionsandbesteffortsSKC. 5: And be it further enacted, That if, at any time afterthefilingof'thoaffidavit,asrequiredinthesecondsection of this act, and before the expiration of tbe five years aforesaid, it shall be proven, after due notice to the settler, to the satis- faction of the register of the land office, that the person having filed such affidavit sholl have actually changed his or her resi- dence, or abandoned the said entry for more than six months at any tune, then, and in that event, the'laad so entered shall re- vett to tho Government.*' Government of Spain alone has persisted in screeningWhen,the Speaker announced the Committee, !,a~d ?avori"£tU* tntde* The corruptionofSpanish ofall her sons; and Ibelieve, Sir,that now,intheMr. Hawkins of Florida rose immediately and officials in Cubais notorious. They make fortunes midst of a vital crisis as we are, and with impendingmatter. There was some excitement at the reception of the Prince, much at the Presidential election, and considerable ever since about secession, but such trifles are hardly a drop in the bucket to that yesterdaya pipe inserted in the bm "ighole of a cask.ARTESI AN WELL8.- Attention is being dra-v \ n to various large wells in the city. Several sugar re Bneries have Artesian wells,olina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, and Missis- vote. Had the House remained longer in session^ effects no longer shall he placed in excuse for acts capitals of their respective States yestorday, and cast of the embankment, some 15 feet high, forming the Police force was ordered to be on hand in c »ae of fire.sippi will secede before the 4th of March, in there would probably have been other/similar requests which have led to the verge" of the precipitancy- their votes for Lincoln and Hamlin. from Southern members. nay, which are toppling us down into the abyssspite of efforts to restrain their separation. If New-Orleans mails of the 28th, 29th and 30th of No- which yawns before us. Sir, if we can have no unan- let alone by well-meaning people, the danger vember and Dece'mber 1 arrived here this afternoon. imous result with which to save the country from im- To-day the Speaker's warrants on the Treasury, in pending dissolution and the perils which environ us, ifmight be less imminent. Some of them will re- favor ojfthe pay of the members of Congress were"pre- we cannot avert the ruin of disruption, let us at least and cast their votes for Lincoln and Hamlin.' tire, with the design of leaving the border States sented and refused for want of funds. They will be know what is the fearful issue upon which this perfect"to negotiate guarantees upon which they may formally protested. The Treasury, however, has pa'd fabiic is to be rent asunder. Let us know what de-about $200,000 to members since the meeting of Con- return. There are leaders in this scheme who gress. .The Jack#n Railway.NKW-ORI.EANS, Thursday,.Dec. 6,1860. The repairs on the Jackson Railway are completed,and trainsare now running over it uninterruptedly.which of the mains had burst.SHUTTING OFF AT THE RESERVOIRS. Finding that an accident had happened to both pipes, he went to the upper reservoir and shut the gatesengines with suctions-would be. requested toe »oaa« the rivertoaidifnecessityrequired.HELP FROM JERSEY CITY.Last evening Chief Engineer Decker of Ne W-Torkloook to a consolidated Bepublic or other form ofstrong Government, with the idea of their ownadvancement to supreme power. Many Demo-crats are openly agninst free suffrage, in favor ofthe contraction of popular rights, for twenty-oneyears naturalization, and other rigid limitations, the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco, praving the madness which rules the hour, the sentinel reports fcy which an oligarchy may be established, and for tbe establishment of a daily overland mail. Laid a harbinger of corning day in yonder eastern sky—aentire control placed in the hands of large slave- JbokU-rs. •. , "- GOVERNMENT FINANCES.T h e Committee of W ays and Means will meeton Monday,after havingdigestedMr.Cobb's iEeport, to consider some plan of financial relief. I t is generally conceded that discretion to issue Treasury Notes, connected with a loan, must be granted. In consequence of the difficulty of selling a loan under present circumstances, theover for tbe present.Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.) moved that whon thebeam of morning light breaking tbe gloom, in wliose gleam we may seo the "Stars and Stripes" still float- ing secure from yonder Capitol dome.. [General andADDKESS TO THE REPUBLICAN ELECTORS OF THE accident,andinafewminuteshewasupontheground, MAYOR WOOD TO THE POLICE SUPERINTENDED; -XXXYITH CONGRESS. . SECOND SESSION.' we can best apply the requisite remedy "to the evils that beset us. Let us. Sir, in truth, be able to answer to the exclamations that come to usfrem all parts ofthrough which they were supplied. Tho lower reser- applied to Chief Engineer "French of Jersey * Cfiy torSENATE....WASHINOTON, Dec. 6,1860.After prayers and the reading of tbe Journal,-Mr. the land, "Watchman, what of the night?" [Sup- preesed applause from the visitors' galleneB.] ReturnLATHAM (Dem., Cal.) presented the memorial of the happy reply, that through the storm, and beyond'THE DEPARTMENT ARpUSED.The State Contral Republican Committee On .It was about midnight when Mr. Craven, Chief En- Wednesday adopted at Albany, the following: gineer of the Croton Department, was notified of theSenate adjourn to-dav it be nntil Monday. Cawied.Mr. POWELL,, (Dem., Ky.) according to notice hearty applause throughout the visitors' galleries, andST A TE.Tihe Electoral Colleg3 of the State liaving, in obe-'and put into operation measures to find out and repair the damage, W e are informed that long before day- light a gang of men were put at work, to clear awayIn consequence of the diminished supply of water, lri» Honor the Mayor has- addressed the following letter fc*> the Superintendent of Police: ,»MATOE'SOFFICE,New-York,Dec.6,1860. SIK: The withdrawal of tbe ustta! bupply of .water--the deliberations of this House will be allowed to pro- ceed witbont interruption, whether from this floor or from the galleries. If not, I will call upou the Chair to check all manifestations or applause from tho gal- leries. Should the interruption be repeated, I.will100 and 2C0 laborers were thus engaged all day yes- laws ai.d forms of the State, cast its thirty-five votes terday, ancf another gang were to take their place atmove to have the galleries cleared. galleries.][Hissing from thetop, and occasionally throughout the day there would chants in case of fire. I therefore rcsix^ct'fully recom- nMr. Garaott continued, excitedly—I now nioy<\ as a matter of felf-respect, and as due to the diernity of this House, that the galleries be cleared. [Hissing more general.] . >>Mr. Garnett, more, excitedly—This is disgraceful, Sir. Those blatkguards in the gallery [hisses], while violating the rules of the House, insult the dignity which is duetofhe representatives of this Confederacy, and I move that they be expelled from the galleries:Mr. Garnett, while speaking, pointed to the north gallery; which was full of strangers at tho time.. On. concluding his remarks, he was again assailed with a chorus of nisses.Mr. LAMAR (Dem., Miss.) said it was. not strange to hear hissing in the House. The same had been heard in Eden.The SPEAKER appealed to the people in the gal- leries to preserve order.Mr. COCHRANE, resuming—I deprecate, Sir, any intergjption to the proceedings on this floor, whether as a testimony of feeling in the galleries or elsewhere, either of censure or applause. Yet,,Sir, an excuse may be found probably in the greatness of the theme that occupies us, and which in its characteristic quali-. ties appeals to tbe emotions and thoughts'of all—of every one, however bumble a memberne be of this republic. But, Sir, it is eminently proper at this time that order should be observed, that this question should be met and discussed with the gravity and decorum which itsknown naturedemands^-thatan Air.eiicr.nfcCongress, even though in the pangs of disso- lution, should throw about it its official robes, and in falling, fall decentlv and with dignity, if fall it must. .'Mr. MORRIS (Rep., 111.) here interrupted Mr. Coch- rane, and appealed to him to desist from discussing ex- citirg topics at such a moment. [Cries of " Go on" from all rides of the House].Mr. COCHRANE, resuming, said—I; Sir, bad not intendedevento alludeto those great principles and truths which repose at the Base of thisquestion, and which con pose the arguments of its'discussion. It were unvh-e and improper to do so, and as to tbe allu- rions I have made,' I appeal to all who hear mo that they were necessary that 1 might bring to the intelli- gence, produce to the heart of my fieod from Florida, considerations applicable to himself, consonant withside.proportion loose rock, but in tho excavation thus far made the material used is remarkably free from stone.» HOW THE BREAK WAS CAUSED.The disaster was probably caused by water from the leakage above pcrcolnting along the pipes, and loosen-'ngthefoundationuponwhichtheyrested,whichisalter- nate rock pnd swamp, when of course, in consequence of hegreat pressure from above,a strong tension-waspro- duced on that portion of the pipes crossing from thefire engines so that they could draw- up the water.All the Fire Companfee, with praiseworthy zcal» 1 propose to be on duty night and day until the water it j* restored. The Insurance Companies have largely in- -creased their watch, and*tbe police-are to be doubly^ attentive to stray smokes and suspicious lights.With due care there will bono danger, and notmuch* sjiflering. The Department wall strictly enforce its*tinned existence of that Stale sovereignty in which he glories—in the name of everything good applicable to all tl ete, I appeal to him to remain, on* tho Committee to wl ioh he h:* boon appointed. If, Sir, this appeal should have no effect, I have one further appeal-to make to this Congress, representing a common country whore integrity is imperiled, to ask of them, without reflection upon the gentleman from Florida, but in tne light ofagicat duty, to be performed, to negative the motion that my.friend be excused.Mr. HAWKINS demanded the previous question on his motion for that .purpose.Mr. MILLSON moved to adjourn.Mr. CRAWFORD appealed to Mr. Million to With- draw his motion, so that a vote might betaken to seed*n;iul campaign by tho organization of Wide-Awaae*; and that tbev mo*t heartily oppvove ofthe ofloittt which tiro being made by Professor Amasa.McCoy of Albuny, ami others, to establish it us u ?:i imar cut political body.*.Mr. HA WKINS declared he was not acting under impulse, but from convictions of twenty years.Mr. A DRAIN rose, and Mr. UNDERWOOD and others called him to order. # ,Mr. ADRAIN, amid the confusion, said the Com- mittee, ouj-'ht to be settled to-day. Mr.Adram was called to order from the Southern tide of the hall.Thequestiontoadjournwascarried—104aguinsty-J. TheHousehad.previouslydecidedthatitshouldbeThe draft on the upper reservoir has boon more than made, up, and it has been found necessary to open some.,d %y Sl S <# ^pa\MpAIfovraswiifmly-"fip-fylftiftlecl','anci"<ft tho ceived the thanks of tho Society*conclasionre-18 O fvor-SJU\ 2, Ar.d br Ufvrthtr cnar.tcd,.'Xhnt the pcraenr applying for tbe, benefit^ot (bis net shall, upon upplication to tbe n-gi»ter ofBBEAXIN& OF THE CBOTQN PIPES,-,;'-,•m.SfcC.-6. And be it further enacted, That no individual shall bepermitted to make more than one entry under the provisions of enough to -wash its face. The Croton—the bright, this act: and that the Commissioner of the General Land,Officeis hereby requiredto prepare and issue such rules and regulations,a stream of water, which he described as " about the lor, of the International Hotel,: « * Harris, Kuhn 6c God grant that all their proceedings — [Here the re- videdfvither, That nil persons who may have filed their applica- size of a-barrel," isening from the bottom of an em- Co., of Sheriff str^t, have wolls of large capacity.straii ed emotion of the galleries took vent in a general tions for a pre-emption right prior to the passage of this act shall bankment near tbe Transverse Bridge in the Central be entitled to. all privileges of this act.Harmon 6c Co., brewers, on Sheriff ' street, can supply 4,000 gallons an hour. **The Surveyors of the different in* wanes companies have sent out to note down all pi u«P** where sit- uated, and if possible to be made avi viable in euch a contingency.LOOK OUT FOR FIRE.Tho greatest apprehension is felt in x •egard' to fires,against which no ample provision can be made for the central portion of the City. Too gre at precaution cannot be taken for their prevention, as s bould one getcl pping of •hjtndsfiTtdpartial applause.]Mr. COCHRANE proceeded. God grant that allthe actions of tbe Committee on this_ great issue may be stamped with that unanimity which patriotism de- mands from all. But, Sir, if the country is not to be saved—if there be not patriotism in our midst sufficientThe Electoral Colleges. NEW-JERSEY .Park, about 200 feet north of the Old Arsenal, and the same distance west of Fifth avenue. The supposition is that the water came from a leak in the Fifth-avenue mains, and that the water issuing therefrom found itsceptable, and to express tbe hope that this Government to command that great result—the time has at length made President, and Gen. Runyon Secretary. Four course of the drain came to the outer world. Thei It may be assumed that the House /will not cntertainB, that similar appeals will not again be re- comewhen it is imperative that the people of the policerr an informed Mr. Ellis, the superintendent of the peated, for this Government needs not such repeated United States shouldbe impressed with the distressful votes were cast for Lincoln and Hamlin, and three forexcuse members from serving, thWgh they may representations to stimulate its action, or to teach it itstruth. It is due to the benighted regions sitting far Douglas and Johnson. Henry J. Mills of Newark was receiving reservoir at Eighty-sixth street of this fact,ueglect to attend the sitting of the Committee. *dutv.from here—the seat of government in the outer dark- ness of ignorance and skepticism of peril—it is due to the people in all parts of the country. North and South, that this fact should be sharply defined in theirappointed Messenger. ....•* MINNESOT A AND WISCONSIN.0who at once repaired to the spot, but his attention wassoon called to a large stream that had burst up in thecenter of the avenue, about 200 feet below, opposite headway the consequences might be mo « disastrousT H ESECESSION.T*he adjournment of the Ilouee to-dav, pending the request of Mr. Hawkins to be excused from service onCHICAGO, Thursday, Dec. 6,1860.I t may be confidently assumed that South, Car- the Select Committee, was carried by the conservative minds, in order that unpardonable ignorance of "their The Electors of Minnesota and Wisconsin met at the the Old Anenal, and was pouring over the easterly side than ever before experienced. Lsst nifjnt the wholeTRENTON, Wednesday, Dec. 5,18G0.:;The Electors met to-day. J. G. Hornblower was way itto an old corporation drain, and following theNEW-YORKSTATE MJTTEE.CENTRALCOM-voir was next visited tocloee the gates there, to prevent the water running back and discharging itself at the break.aid in case a serious flro should break out wh iJ»* tho supply of Croton water is cut'off. Tbe Chief i.* oncer notified Engine Companies NOB. 2, 4, and 5, who fcave- now the only suction engines in use in tbe city, to Hold"* themselves in readiness to* proceed to New-Yov*fc-a4M once should their services be required.dience to the popular will, and in accordance with the inconsideringamatterofsucngreatimportance,that'requirementsoftbeFederalConstitution,andofthe theearthdowntothosurfaceofthepipes..Between&^&M' •y^jfttf/•:••.'K#Wlby the Croton Department^ renders it, in my'judgmant, for ABRAHAM LINCOLN and HANNIBAL HAMLIN for night. After the subsidence of the water a conical hole necepsary that as large- a poliee force as can be spared.'"the •' offices of President and Vice-President of tbe United States, the Republican Central Committee avails itself of the occasion to tender to their political aeeociates here and elsewhere its hearty congratulations upon the result.The Republican, party had its origin in a great pub- lic exigency, which demanded and elicited from all its members an unwavering confidence in the virtue,for the pnrpope shall be stationed in tho lower or busi-, •• was left in the avenue of ten feet in diameter at the ness part of the city to protect the property of the mer- "mend that you give the necessary orders to this end, . with as little delay as possible.nr;d \\ ide Awuke Clubs intbe State to secure tho delivery before them of Prof. McCoy's lectin*', "A Plea for J'oHticsnnd t'oUlical Club* '—believing that u lecluic en such a subject, by so eloquent un oistor, will prove, as Senator Seward lnia said, " eminently UMrftiL" . . •H. 'JlmttboCLfchrmin and Secretary of tho Committee »ign a ciiculur in uccordunce with suidresolutions.SIMEON DRAPER. Chairman. .IAMKK TftRwizxiGKn, Secretary.%* Papers friendly to tho WiUn-Awaiea will please copy.work of pipes; still the small quantity they bring is and the Polios were directed to arrest- att', ft rsonsIJi m and Jupiter Ammonrand ,rattrib«ted thecivilka- &*?* '^','''i. :CK6T6K'WAT1J:U. .: • >:^-^ u ^ c n o a |'"•••'""•'•;••'•••'".'.' ' /be arise of two or three feet, when it would again sub-nBelieving that these resolutions were hoartilyap-' Should it be found directly beneath where the excava- rules, and its officers will' personally superintend tho*proved and adopted by all who aided in the election of ABRAHAM LINCOLN and HANNIBAL HAMLIN; that these gentlemen, preeminent as their personal merits arc conceded to be, could hot have been successful in the late canvass upon any other declaration of princi- ples; and that these principles insure fidelity to all the guaranties of the Constitution, respect for the reserved rights of the States, among which is the right of each Siate to control its domestic affairs in ito own way, your Committee has no hesitation in expressingtho opinion that the administration of Mr. LINCOLN will he entitlcd'to the confjder.ce of the people of the whole country.And confiding in the; wisdom and patriotism of the Republican Party and its choson representatives, and in its unshaken devotion to the Union, we solemnly be- lieve that a firm and unswerving adherence to its doc- trinesisessentialtoafullrestorationofnationalpeace und prosperity,, ..T 1-'.~i•**>•iii MC aawtwV•+ff<'iir'-'fvit-'*t *•*»*****./ /•,/; • •• . -. •• *•morning when the city found itself without water which have,been construe ted to save Croton renta. Those who have had occaeioi. \to cross tho ferry to Ho-grade which has 'been' constructed during tho past Summer.' By the overflow, a luke of respectablo di- mensions was soon formed in tbe vacant lots betweenVOLUNTEER HELP FROM BROOKI .YN-By request of the Chief Engineer of 3S: '<^w York, the Chief Engineer of Brooklyn last nigh t directed The Electors of Ohio met yesterday at Columbus, Fifth'avenue and the Harlem Railroad. He then went that in case of a fire in New York, the -BrooklynOHIO.CLEVELAND, Thursday, Dec. 6, 1860.to the "air tap'/ at Seventy-first street, to ascertain bells should strike for the First District, wh en thosetion is cow being made, repairs sufficient to allow thepassage Of water through the pipes might be made inthecourseofafewhoursfromthetimetheyarereached.As the matter is one of so great importance, it wouldseem to be advisable to put additional laborers at workunearthing the pipes above the point where the water Croton. The interest and the safety of a wholo cHy*pipes near Fifty-ninth street 'last year.two days to restore it, but in the meantime the city was supplied by the other pipe, and tho-calamity therefore had nothing of the serious nature of the present one. .THE GREAT.SUPPLY MAINS.- *Two 30-inch,pipes, one in Third aveuue, the other in Seventy-ninth streets onNintbavenue.frOm WfKVf&maH L The Committee also unanimously adopted tho follow- Eighth avenue, nowv furnish the only sources left to to Forty-second street; and on Eighth ayeuiio,,£ii<r*^It took nearlylikely to bo intercepted before it can reach the lowerportion of the city. The Third-avenue main also de-pendedlfor a portion of its supply oh the lower Reser-voir. The lower Wards and the middle portion of tho lunch around huge bonfires. The Sup«' iotendeot city will thus be the principal sufferers by the disaster. believed the pipes wouM not be reached befir ; r o 8 or 9Reservoir, while in the upper Reservoir there was be- tween nineteen and twenty feet^-equal, it ia said, to 150,000,000 gallons. '•--•••:•:•eployinir tHeam^ower get their supplies of water froml*rgo manufacturing establishments em-bokenfromCanalstreetmast:barvenoticedthestrongI am younr, &c, FERNANDO WOOD; Mayor. JOHK A. KKWWKDY, O<MJ., GenT Supt. of Polteo. -vTILE VETERANS ON DUTY.The following notice has been served on all the meninterested: •... " No CHOTON W A TKR—EXFMPT BVGXVE COMP ACT.—'for duty.By order.J..Y. WATKENS, Ja., Ssoretary. GENERAL PRECAUTIONS.The Aldermen last night advised' the leopeninp; ofopening of the hydrantoforthe supply of all who'come* Had the Fourth avanue mains been laid and ia- operation,astheywould.bavebeen.haditnotbeenvoVwere sacrificed to further the private ends of ou* un~j scrupulous chief magistrate. ,"wfound egress, for there appears to be little doubt that aleakage there was the indirect cause of the accident.The Croton Board believe it will require from three tosixdaystorepairthe break. Xt.will be remembered Crotonsupply-pipeswillone daybe placedbeyocadtb* j that a similar accident happened to one of the same contingency of serious breakage—and Mayor Wood? ,But let us keep cool, and wait a littlo longer. The- 9Qat a little after 12. o'clock. All haada w*«f .takingpresent political condition, and the entire nnitod in a hmg ax.d hearty burst of appllnsblMomsctt 1»'4 night about 12 o'clock brought in a diet of guiUy of manslaughter h\ tho first degree.*mt "9*V i,•Untitled Document'JS^••!.-" ''••••• ;•'."•K ••C^ T"11.ii-'"« i^^_Thomas M. Tryniski i 309 South 4th StreetFulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.com__~-*wiimMmmlm" "- ' " * '— - —» " . . i ' . ^. i ' > . -...iii,^.:>rr,: <' eS?!"'""''*'* *^**-^-«*«-'-- »*'»*^'»'.-«Sk^WM«llMMsM 