 !/•!In planning and executing this scheme the Breckin- that of the " persons held to service" in our country ? ridge Committee here have not been alone. It has, If, with their orator, Redpath, they are indifferent tosiderable conteet cleared them out. They then organ- gathered from the surrounding towns, and a general ized a Union meeting, but as soon as a squad of Police illumination of the village. The crowd was addressedcou)d be obtained they were driven out in turn. The by Simon H. Mix of Schoharie County, Republican can- tailors then held; an uidiguation meeting in the HalL didate for Congress, and Mr. Bachelder, member ofThe Turners were very much incensed at this proceed- Assembly from Saratoga. | This demonstration nevec ing of the Irishmen, and were only dissuaded from repvi- had a parallel in that section of the country, and it has>Breckinridge and Lane have strong expectations ofWinning. Thus may the .Union men of your State, but.little, if any, impression upon you. They haveIiand manufactures would be admitted free of duty.A Southern confederacy is thus a very practicablecrats, as they very well know, have sustained sincethronged the piazas and balconies, all enthusiastically waving their handkerchiefs. The Wide-Awakes re- sponded to their compliments with rousing cheera. Over the gate in front of the Seminary grounds was a—The Lincoln and Hamlin Club of North Hemp- etead, Queens County, held a meeting at West-bury on Monday evening, 29th inst. The meeting was ad- dressed by John Ordronaing, candidate for Assembly, and Joseph Hoxie, esq., of New-York. A large au- dience gave their attention for over two hours to sound and truthful arguments.—It has beon ascertained that in Washington Co. a•.as a people. From the aged revolutionary sire down making an outcry in the rurjl 1 districts about the high believe in voting for three in one !"•^accordingly. How will the supporters of Bell and The broker alluded to (a friend of his says) would•Whigs, Americans, and other peculiar Union men in. Xew-York and a few other States, the supporters of•transparencies. It was, altogether a grand affair, and evinced much taste and spirit on the part of the Repub- licans of Queers.in the country but two or three y a r s , are in possessionof their naturalization papers. This maybe the case;; rfr!w . " ^ ~ w^ •iwJv—r^LT>.frWSi»ww^'< -'-** '^ '""— —*"'*yUSIOJrS HAST DODGE. ** WhatahaD w«*> f—what shall we do!"<fr^^tl^Fgrigmrtg.anmait«wv*• Everything's looking ao dkmal and blue;^ I J n c o r n i ' e s stand to their principles true, AJHI the People alas! we no longer C«J woo,fNMiiiiHtta%'#fi&v]jR^«niH>AT^ir«i9BfJJWiif.k5*e maewa, with ardor that «an^ l»e xepreewd^^.Seem b o n d to imuet that their wrongs be redreesedj «*^wW*mi»attrToarlarttrick,andthabe^And since we can't buy 'em, we'll scare 'eml** We'll ffll tSe broad country with menace and threat Oflees to the pocket, and rum. and debt,supporters of Bell and Everett—the true Union men of New-York,—to resent the attempted fraud. Fortunate- ly, the end which the conspirators expected to acsom- pheh will be prevented by the alreadyassured majorityton States were part of a Confederacy to whose integ- rity, every State, district, county, and ward waB bound —every executive and legislator pledged by solemn oa^h to support.W e ta'k flippantly about blockading the cotton ports,. Such a blockade might last a month or two, but what is that to a brave people, who feel that they are out- raged ? And, however partial the English and French Governments may now, for sinister nurposes, seem to be to the Republican party, neither Government could exist six months without forcing any blockade we might impose.the Lincoln Battalion of the Rocky Mountain CUb,with the Zouaves, came aboard. At Greenpoint, theEighteenth Ward Wide-Awakes, Cant. Staggers, and call a meeting of the m S S ^ & % ^ V i the Lincoln Artillery, were received, and also a dele- chance. At all events they annmSlSfto r £ Sn«LI gation from,the Fourteenth Ward. As the boat ap- thanks of the WillUmsburgrG^o^4h ^ev2•He*****&*S7***Southerntrad* l^^sygtt> But a great Southern army tof pem; '.*We'll tbreat«n secession, we'll threatHfltftnob, TPVB threaten to ravage and murder and robfTW chivalry all would delight in the job),We'B threaten a Panic, we'B scare 'em with Cobb,• Semt on to New-York, to affright 'em."Se> all <m a sadden, their newspapers glare, 3b<eafStals staring. wiUi threatening!rare,TRIUMPHCON-—Solomon' L. Hull,; esq., and others, win addresi t Republican mass meeting at Hoboken Station, Erie Railroad, in New-Jersey, this evening. The Rej»tf>8. cans are doing a good work in that quarter of New.'':J_'_,-. Iv^^J.,1,';,,rr.-^^^^^^J«iJJ^^»!»gB^^M^^^^WWilp«"Daily, is elected was incorrect. The first dispatch was ^smmmrtng " Disunion!"—" Disruption 1"—" Be- then and is now correct. Mr. Dally is elected by 111DEMOCRATS DISTURBING A REPUBLICAN this Club had a huge steamboat, penoned with flags,w a r e ! "***ke eMvafay arming!"—"War!"—"Blood!"—"Will ye dare!"*eme h^me-manufactured, some rraoted to scare,l i k e these, from a fierce Southern journal,majority. After the returns from the several counties had come in, and it was found that Mri Daily was tiected—a graceless'ecamp in L'eau qui Court County, in the north-western part of the Territory, who has had one year's experience in ballot-box stuffing—;sent to the County Clerk of that county what he called theMEETING.A Republican mass meeting was held at Bay Ridge,the pipe, with the words in front of the wheel-house, 1 " Lincoln Going up the Potomac;" on the other side,speak ia the Wigwam at Brooklyn on Saturday evening. *•—William H. Burleigh will address the Republican of Tarrytown on Saturday evening, the 3d inst, -ag«n«7a! raliv r(teat ./£Q*.wau thrcoghf „%>rir: SittotBonj tfq.. mini.**.<it andr«d SCfre. cVquffit ard Lew.f* S. B occask a with ii"< fiat nee fiuitna'ed focfcliry have IHHarccna«iimonRly oppone&te beirM effects fct tho r.oft ing of the K-p W h i e A w a k e s eve: 'r.jr'aiPort and Republican h W*s£rp. G. W. C aaeetisg-finally the Cc.->Mitution 3,'ew, if any C-J thoroughly sroru mend andaUhoo them, are-not -wit T*ho:ly or in f/*.-t—At a' rnf'tijgter Cocr.ty, o-iMr. De Pew, <Bocblio, and Mi—the f.nlowinp »« PcKx'red TtAt B.*]KDd dc'i -i thfi Dj toj CcoHit^Oon. rtt If-xt ecu of !'teK»»b*:.« do*oi to .h>-dht• <RtKtteiL, Ttl*t I or SUV '.xKitcti n rigkt o< prc.pert> i viRi»'iifd, Xktf't* r*rv<k d. «i«! tfc* <it MUX« 5» property eot f>Ut co'tt'c*. t>*vn".•— W i d i e l m R« acted a piicc-ira Cfrjazzo; on txcounty,givingMr.Morton122majority.Candidverylittle.Theywouldvantnoarmy,nonavy,nobyeomerowdymembersofthe"HickoryClub/'whoBattalionoftheoldRockyMountainClubof'56fromL.I.,toheartheHon!WaldoHutchms,ofNew- CfrrrnaY.'•Gekffia.amount equal to the expenditure of the year. The REPUBLICAN DEMONSTRATION AT FLUSH-' could have made minse-meat of double the numh«r*# Will they, adhere to an arrangement that w*» entered the Cotton States can secede, without Maryland, Vir- .••;V •-•—>;•;":• ? 'TNG^L. £ "'..•'.•".':';. '•'"; ConfusionJsts. It was eaid that the latter oroamVii}utOynotforthesakeof whatBeHandEverett would ginia, Kentacky, and Missouri. There can be no residueof thetaxesimposed are for the expenses or - The steamboat Flushing;, chartered by the Wide- anothermee'irg. Itmust,however,havebeenofvsr!get out of it;butwhatBreelinridge and Lane mightsecure: an arrtngestent, that, while it. uses the' Bellmen and the Union men at the North,, is a part of aAwakes of this • city to take cluba and delegations to the grand demonstration at Flushing, left Fulton slip at 7i o'clock on Wednesday evening, taking on board the Third Ward Wide-Awakes and a delegation fromPhort duration, because in half an hour after the acojffi. occurred, another Republican meeting was or*aaW m the same HaU, over which Mr. Othman pf«$2rm?P MrtwiMUc cwwd ever ae5eaa,i3 ^ W h k h ^ y toP*TM*1 *ft* « $plottodefeatBellineverySouthernS'ate,andsends States. All'theyneedTaamonopolyofthecottonits thousands of dollars into Kentucky, Tennessee, plant to enable them to dictate their relations with the and other States, to accomplish that object. That rest of the world; and the Border States will:serve as Fusion in New-York, under the manipulation of the a rampart against Northern crusaders; for the Repub-licans will be glad to let them alone, when they fiod Committee of Fifteen Breckinridge Dry-Goods men, that their blind and stubborn adherence tojjarty has is thus working to this end, and no other, there is not resulted in driving out the Gulf States. They willtheUnionWide-Awakes. Fromsomemisunderstand- BourbardtmadeeloquentspeechesinGerman,a*dK? ing m regard to the time tre boat was to.leave, a body F ^ a ^ * ? ? ^ ^ ^ 8 * ^ Assembly) spokenOr pwchaee, «* huHy, or dara -**»!R* Keystone has^aHed us, we give up the w<8*»Hew-Yoxk ie lor Freedom, as mighthave beertgueteeo, the slightest doubt There is yet time for the honest then recollect, and I fear not until then, that the_ Cot-20 from that place.. At the landing at Thome's Dock. 1 have no doubt that the confusionists intended to and imposing such increase of rates"as should yield the Brooklyn, the Irrepressibles of South Brooklyn and catch eomefor Lincoln in the Empire State.•' »••NEBRASKA—REPUBLICAN FIRMED. Correspondence of* Th© N. Y. Tribune.A.' P . L .proached Flushing, the 12-pound mountain hovriteer of this company pealed out a salute with such tremendous effect ss to shatter the windows in the forward part of the boat. The singing of Wide-Awake songs was also a feature in the trip up. The boat was so crowded that it took a long time to empty it of its contents." The pro- ctseion formed in good order, and a stream of fire, with even current, fbmed through the wide and pleasantWiUiatnburgh,Nor. 1,1880.ATAILQR.OMAHA, Nebrask, Oct. 26,1860. In THE SEMI-WEEKLY TRIBUNE of October 19, I find a^ telegraph dispatch from this place, stating that the Democratic candidate for Delegate to Congress, J, Sterling Morton, is elected, and that a prior dispatchstating that the Republican candidate, Samuel G.The cotton of our South has, for the last forty years, the influences that prevented are supposed to have streets of Flushing. First came the Flushing Rail- Jersey, and will undoubtedly have a large meeting.Asd gamblers in " Erie" and " Central" deplore, - lotted work that decent Democrats repudiate it, and probable that they would ] ong continue to pay thirtyhave been taken to this end. James A.Briggsand Companies. Then came the Jamaica Wide-Awakes,, Mr. Norihrup of Connecticut, and Mr. W, Barnes"Theodore Tilton will speak, and. music and Wide- and the Queens' Wide-Awakes. The Glen Cove < f New-York, will address the people of Babylon thisAwakes will be on hand. The Republican vote of Widf-Awakes showed well, and were led by t vening for the good cause. •)JU4 "bulls" who are holders of "fancy" look sore; But what is most odd unto all men,the County Clerk, a Democrat, did refuse to return per cent taxes on imports ;o. the North Atlantic con-that vote to the Territorial canvassers as a part of the federacy.9 1 * Ten H3hona Lo*n finds takers enough, /vote of his county. But a Democratic pressure isbeing brought upon the County Clerk to compel him toShould the North not allow this simple and peaceful Bay Ridge next week will be more than double that of a company of pioneers, with axes. Tbey had comeA t rates even higher, in spite of the "bluff, 4%ad threats of secession and similar stuff Of Cobbend his pitiful small men..mode of separation, but resolve to use force to bring back the seceding States, you will admit that we would—The Republicans of Saline, Washington County, eld a cheering meeting on the 26th of October. Gov. tanton delivered a telling speech. In the evening theSIB: The Democrats Of Richmond County, notwith- egation from the Fourteenth Ward. They carried a Poultney. The illuminatione of the bu ldinga and fire- standing the notorious changes in political sentiment on beautiful red signal-light, set off by a profusion of works added to the brilliancy of the display. At the S.aten Island, confidently calculate on from 1,200 to tasteful pennons that fluttered in the wind. There meeting in the evening, there were speeches by a 1,500 majority for their Mongrel ticket. The subjoined was a long line of them, making a splendid show.Tfmt Capital feels that when Abe's in his seatH e State will be quiet, as well as the street,jf?r tie Ball-Splitter knows very well how to treatAll plots to secede and dismember;Be give one good laugh at the threats they have aired, I WB rally, Hew-Yorkeis, determined, prepared9 s roll up a vote, such as no one has daredTe hope or to dream of—and when we've declared. The popular verdict, and all things are squared, "Why, well be the Bearers, and they be thetjearedPerhaps,ontheSixthofNovember!vote as returned, and that they cannot go behind the returns and inquire into the legality of the vote.five millions a year from imposts after the South had left us. We would, therefore, have at once to resort to income, poll, and every • other sort of taxation, to keep up our present expensive machinery—not toDavid Stewart, belonging to this Club, is so ardent a Wide-Awake Captain, till very recently an American,PROSPECTS IN GENERAL. S^wti^««d«ac« of Tb« N. Y. Trfbtme.eented in the halls of Congrees by a laiter-day Demo-Northfield, with a a population of 5100, there areregistered about 903 voters. In Southfleld, with.a pop- above: " Welcome Wide-Awakes.'' Mr. George C. ulation of 3,600, there are registered 483 voters. It/is Baker had his honse all ablaze, and in a window wereWASHINGTON,Oct.31,i860. TheBreckinridgeCommiteehereareinhighgleethe words: " The Union—it must and shall be pre-estimatedthatabout700moreareregisteredthanthere served.'' Mrs. Robert's large boarding-school for theonlyremedyforthisexistingevil istheelectionofJ;return the fraud, and he may yield. If he does, the not in this event be succissful, if the South couldBoard of Canvassers, consisting of the Governor,. the command the most money that indispensable engineof war. Our Federal T-easury U now empty, or Cbitf Justice, and District-Attorney of the Territory, will be, on the 4th of March, relying on dailywill count the fraudulerit vote amongthe rest, and give supplies from imposts, which will be reduced fiftythe certificate of election to Morton, as they take the per cent by the loss of our Southern exports. Our Fed-position that their duty is simply. " to cast up" the eral treasury could not count on more than t venty-any preceding election.m. RICHMOND COUNTY.To 1ihe Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.roceesion numbered, by actual count, over 2,000, 125crat,eededtoBell. They now lay claim to the entire South, To the Republicans of Xew~York who are for the Republic: ..': ijssj strength of their, candidate in States heretofore con- . OF SOUTHERN SECESSION.arevoters,inthecounty,whichwilldoagreatdeal youngladiespxeeenttdaverylivelyappearance. The AbrahamLincolnofIllinois. toward counterbalancing the losses which the Demo- windows were lighted up, and ladies and gentlemenand only need the votes they hope for in New-York,Xew Jersey, and elsewhere, to secure his election.JBfeeuld there be.no choice, they are entirely confidentso*sending lane to the Senate, from whence they arejwraaHy certain he will be sent to the White House.Thus, through the dexterous use which they now are, virulence during the present canvass. We are now ini and all the while have been, making of the Old-Line the throes of dissolution. Union statesmen from thetransparency bearing the motto:.Mr. Morten is not elected by the people, but he mayget the certificate by Democratic frauds. Should such speak of the conduct of an offensive war. On thestatement may explain to the Republicans of the Republican that he marched, as usual, the whole dis- one from an old Democrat, and one from an Irishman, county how this majority is expected to be obtained; tance travereed by the procession, although he has but all driven into the Republican ranks by " Fasion" and it behooves them to carefully canvass the subpected one leg and a crutch to stand on. ' There were also the and disgust.localities, and, if possible, block the game which these Lincoln and Hamlin Club of Astoria and Ravenswood.In the procession were various devices to represent the —A meeting of the Fort Lee Republican Clab wai•desperate and unscrupulous opponents contemplate: In mechanic arts. The Republisan Headquarters and held at the Davis House Ion Tuesday evening last. Mr. the Town of Castleton, with a population of about various buildings on the route of the procession were7.000pereons,thereareregisteredvoters1,539. In iliuminattd. ThestanderectedinfrontoftheCity- JopephHoxieaddressedanattentiveaudiencefornearlythree hours in his characteristic sty Ie, at once humorous, instructive, and pathetic, on the all-absorbing theme of the times, viz: the corruption and imbecility of the present Administration, and showed conclusively thatother hand, all the South would have to do, and being be the case there will be another contest for the seat; then less taxed than they 'are to-day to sustain thefor the people of this Territory will not submit to be present Union, would be to reverse our system of tax-disfranchised by a few scoundrels who have already ation by imposing an export duty of twenty-five per gonetoolongunhung.Theyhavefairlyandlegallyre- centontheircotton,tobacco,andrice,andtheywoulddraw from every portion of the world more gold than elected Samuel G. Daily, a thoroughgoing Republican, they would want for a defensive war. Twenty-five and they will not suffer themselves to be misrepr«- per cent would give them more than seventy millions a year, and if they wanted.more money they might make it fifty per cent; for the world, and especially oar- selves,would neverthelesslbeobligedtobuytheircot- ton,nee,andtcbacco. TheEuropeannationswould .- #rer the-advices they are daily receiving of the grow- GEORGE N. SANDERS ON THE SEQUENCES not object to this mode of taxation, as their productsw. w. w.Hall was decorated with evergreens, with the wordsOn the 6th of November, this great nation, in her never-equaled majesty, utters the decree of her fate.Until the nomination of Mr. Fremont, four-yearsRICHMOND.''"•'South have come North, risking position and popularity at home, to awaken you to a sense of our common dan- ger, and have returned, feeling that they have madeverge of deciding, that in the present condition of the H., S. & T. having saved the Union, are now busily Northern mind they are better out of it. The brave engaged in saving Union Congressmen, particularly and gallant Douglas, after' Imving made an unprece- where the blood of the house iB concerned;,; You re- dented canvass of the Atlantic slope, and of the Lake member that a week ago the Douglasites, the Breckin- and Mississippi valleys, has gone to the Galf States, ridgers, and Bell men in the 1st Congressional Dis- risking everything, to assure the excited people of that trict, had each their candidate. This state of affairssection that the North, whatever the appearance may seemed to be very annoying to the Union-saving calico- be, will in the end return to her constitutional obli- hcuEe of H., S. & T., and that feeling was soonOf course? these are but a portion of the mottoes and large number of pereons, who are known to have beeno.South; and by it they hope—it is their only hope—to sent of the Federal Government. Few of your party Shall future history say j that this splendid year of the purpose of naming a Union Candidate fromthe beginning precisely as we see it now; to overrideBell at the South by a disunion panic,-while at the If the ultra sections of your party are actuated only Worth the same means were employed to s scare what by humanitarian motives, why not bravely begin thetheir places, in order to prevent the Democrats from coming in and organizing a meeting which, they wouldTo create the Union was Godlike^-to destroy it is Henrys, Smith & Townsend! Are'nt that splendid! while they were standing for this purpose, the Union wertfwell represented, especially Fulton and Saratoga,electoral votes were wanting, or, failing in that, to pre- vent an election by the people, with choice of Lane by Hie Senate.war on Cuba, where neither constitutional pledges nor hallowed memories of patriot ancestors forbid, and where the condition of the Ethiopian ie so much belowOh, Gardner! Oh, Jennings'! Where are your uncleB ? boys (principally Irish)' came in and formed a hollow persons being in attendance from a distance of thirty It is useless to go into a fight with such odds against square about three deep. They cheered for Fusion, miles. In the afternoon the throng was addressed atior a long time been more than suspected, and now it isthe shedding of white blood, so that the negro ie madeJSorthtovm, Suffolk County, Nov. 1,1860. vTHE SET OF THE CURRENT.well understood, that they have had potent aid from his own master, why not begin with the blood of the year famous Dry Goods Committee of Fifteen. It foreigner, and gallantly throw themselves under thewas net an accident that that Committee was con- guns of Moro Casile ? Why must our fellow-citizens'stituted almost wholly of original supporters of Breck- blood be poured out to appease the Congo fetich ? inridge and Lane. As such they have labored and are Moral responsibility is the only excuse given for thisRepublicans, have put this Congress District among the doubtful. [No. Ed ] There ia no more doubt of it than there is of the Monroe County District. We shall reelect Mr. Spaulding jby from 1,000 to 2,500 ma-;J. B.. B.intsmecine^cruBade, where not only not the slightest made to appear that they never relinquished the hope responsibility exists, but where the invaders are actu-The fight was pretty briik for a time, and some of the hardly been exceeded in enthusiasm and effectiveness of this, but Gov. Morgan's);will exceed it. This esti- cratfrom N. Jersey, he remarked that he thought it high Union boys were so roughly handled that they sought by any meeting held in either of the six or eight coun- mate is from actual canvass ia most of" the towns and time for the truly conservative of all parties to crush safety by jumping out of the windows. It is sufflcieat ties along the Mohawk. It was a great day for theatffi laboring. If the troth is ever toll, it will bevote the Bell-Douglas out ofjrevenge, or "pure cuBeed- naveworkedaccordingtotheforegoingplanandnone tobeinflufiBcedbytheappointmentofamorecon- ness,"asoneDr.HuntofTheCommercialAdvertiser Statetovotejforhim.greater fallacy.' It would be decidedly the interest of the Cotton States to have ttaose States remain out of the Southern Confederacy. They want no rival inter- ests within their limits requiring tariff* for protection, such as are now springing up in the Southern Borderthe Government, apd to pay the interest and a smauporti< n of the principal of debts existing before theRepublican party came into power. There were buttwo ways to avoid the necessity of imposing a largetax: one was repudiation—the other by increasingcanal revenues sufficiently to meet the demands of theyear. The latter desirable end could only be gained them a mounted braes piece, hod previously returned night by repealing the law of 1851—releasing railroad tolls, home; and eoneequently there was a delegation of onlypreserved us from European aggression, and enabled us to be the haughtiest and most defiant nation in the world. Cotton is next to bread, because it is the only means by which many ini lions are fed; and a stoppage of supply for a few months would cause revolution in moBt of our Northern States, and in every border State of Europe.There is an idea in the North that there will be a contest about the inauguration and the public building* at Washington. I take it that there can be no contest about the inauguration, and that the Cotton Confede- racy would not accept the public buildings at Wash- ington were we to offer to aurrender them. Their in- terest in the Lincoln inangx ration will have ceased be- fore it shall have occurred, ind they will have no need of expensive buildings foi their simple Government.been exerted by Democratic, not Republican leaders, so that the Democratic party is almost solely responsi- bleforcreatingthe necessityforthehightaxation, B.splitters' Battalion} Capt. Lewis, with the name of the candidate for that District—Luther C. Carter-—on one side of a transparency, and on the other, "United, we march to victory." Next, the Whitestone Wide- Awakes, Capt Wm. Dermody, with the transparency, "We're a Band of Freemen/' Drawn by four horses,—The friends of Freedom were out on Thursday " I k e 'Bowies' parade on the Fourth, with a band!" election returns of the north-west precinct of that The Federal expenses of tie Cotton Stateswould be Accordingly the meeting of last evening was annoyed Ladies." There were more than 100 in the Lincoln evening in great numbers, at Babylon, Suffolk County,•* She Palmetto Guards meet at eight—be on hand!'* Wj which we, of course, will at once understandcustom-honsfs, nor post-ofices. A judiciary and an heat their drum outside, while others interrupted and Brooklyn, Capt. Dudley. The Zouaves, Capt. Wm. York, whose convincing arguments were received with efficient police are all they would require, ana most othis would be paid by the r< ispective Stages, as at pres- insulted the speakers within the meeting. The Repub- A. McKee, belonging to tirs corps, deserve notice. round after round of applause. The name, of Luther ent. Free goods.and free i jbips would be their basis, licans have called another meeting for Friday even- They appeared in uniform, with red pants, silver cape, C. Carter brought a tremendous round of applause, and on our side of the line )nly would, the tax-gatherer ing, Nov. 2, and are determined to vindicate the with collar, and red cap. A brother Club, the South and will bring a still greater vote at the polls on Tues- be met. The un restricted i avigation of the Mississippi Brooklyn Irreprefsibles, Col. Bristow, were a finely-whence it appsjw the hone* of h;s persona-'ly to iir under his cotnacs; they lay conce^L* in frott, on t cavalryrtL«7 xxa to their heels. B-Garibaldi's **** demcrjrtxationQ%orders which a! tried tc make t correepctdtnt* Hungarian ofhe Bustow. Wilne from an old nobil 1838 the Prasehi appointed lieutei revolutionary id with the >I;a steps to be taken* The German revolu'ioi cf 13- Switzeri^nd,wr, military writer. Zurich, on tac* attention oftb*M 1853,hewas&l« militarym&neuv the Feceml trooj citizenar.ip ftt m after aprcinted ] his petition : -A invitation cf Gvt; which fellow iu the moat imporGreek Warfare Julius Cs-*ar," The Late Itai Century," "Alii Modem For&ic a?y from the st WiikelmRurtowrijnili'ary authors, s done in Garibaldi' ccurage. decision during the unhi fair to apresr on his etuVy.—The i>ick|>oci enjoyed the rep Europe;.but, if Charles WThat g^n'leiEKn looking kl the tin Bequioue little ma him the Hone of t offer. ThecfEdc fend«d, but pokt* Theotheranawe:had stopped, and Senna of Natural! pot been there n came up to him v ©tfer&d Lire, a p;.n< saying Le was no some minutee aft thing being wrenSteed of it found j which was wntKdo not lec^oii.e a unknown acquai solved to bear bi< was his aznaienie Bred that liis watI Othtr pocket WHS I-4t. As your 'watch | better at the watt $ ia unnecef eary :o • tidings of the': w I ';| —BaronBami: •i ^Prussia and Mndi .^plorcd Nubia ^npublished some m 1 in the Berlin G jLllgcmeine £r,U abort ilk ess prod He VTO.6 born.ApriOf King-Freder c •of macy bockf cof the Prussian the St) aits of o> With the "Riff pita atd lo*t Lis ssccnx ard seventeen we—Meetings cf abundant in Kuro An International assembled at CJU l o s o p i v ' r , "vras Congress has'bees of Journalis-te has nxder the .anspici poee of ccneulu«»? Jtlegraphic dispatc—The French E ahooting excuraion Wea her was rintj, iuad snimnls b« i: .< and about 100 puss Chi, Prince de la M Stt^. de -Gramoat nane, andB«u>mc Who formed the U—Louis ller-en ber of the Ixstn-'j f i n e Arts, .bom is September,'- 1S<0. the Abdication of Cutemir P«Jricr a.for many yea tic- society of l'^.i{—Arthur Sckor. SchoperhfiiSomething very intense and infernalA»4 Cobb, he is come—you may bear the "bearsroar,*IW " curbstone" was ne'er so excited before,Democrats admit that there are but threefamilies in that whole region pf country.ftStill Democratic politicians here have the effronteryto insistj'in the face of that fraud, that their candidateis elected. But the Bcoundrel has so overdone his al- would be conceded to the .North-West, and it is im- right of free speech at any cost. Efficient measures drilled set of men,, as indeed were the other day next.thing, and the ambitious Republican leaders will find tlie last election in this county.the brilliant dominion at which they grasp perish ia Staten Inland, Nov. 1, I860. .-their hot breath, before their hands have touched it. FUSION IN THE FIRSP DISTRICT.The South has been driven by the North into a cold To the Editor of TheN. Y. Tribune. analysis of the worth of that grand Union which had a" Fhwbing Female Lo»titaite." For Pretldent, Abraham Lincoln." For Vice-Pre8tdent, Hannibal Htmlin." For Congrew Luther C. Carter, the Student'* Friond." Oor fathers fought for Freedom in '76; God speed our broth-ers in-the same good cauie now/'since, the Presidential election, however excited, hadnever been diseased. The disease has intensified in halo of immortalityabbut it and they are on the very SIR: The great, self-sacrificing, and patriotic firm oftblind and wilful as some of them are, see for them- made their last appeal. Ifyouheed them not, they will gations. Shall his words be sustained ? communicated to and shared in by the members of Parsons was chosen President. Addresses were made —There was a glorious Republican mass meeting in selves "to what base uses have they come at last." •no longer oppose the disunionists of the South. In- The Republic might still be saved intact, if the North their Committee of Fifteen. This Committee sent to by G. A. Grow, D. D. Field, ex-Gov. King, Mr. Bel- Ridgefield, on Wednesday evening.. Speeches were -Prom the very first the contest was between deed, some of. the Union speakers that have been among would at once look the darJger full in the face. The each of the candidates then in the field, invitations to lovfs. and others. The meeting did not break up till made by the Hon. Orris S. Ferry of Norwalk, andmidnight, and it was nearly 2 o'clock on Thursday Nelson L. White, esq., of Danbury, The Wide-.n?orning, when the Flushing returned to her dock, atFulton Slip. On their way home, the Third Ward Awakes, of Ridgefield, and from several'adjoiningWide-Awakes baited in front of THE TRIBUNE Office towns, were out, numbering 350 torches, and present- and gave such cheers as evinced that they had come out ing a fine appearance. Refreshments were served, andus have gone home in despair, to take their part with dread view would warn us land save us. It is true that meet them on Saturday last, at their rooms in the Ex-Lincoln and Breckinridge. Bat few only wouldsee it; and less would confess it. The fact can no long- thseeceders. The patriots of the South have doneer be disguised. The dissolution furor is the work— their duty. All now remains with the North..She master-stroke—of the Breckinridge Committee. It The practical question for your consideration is should show themselves superior to any mal-adminis- was proposed that each candidate should aslectenables them to beat Bell out of sight in the entire whether the Cotton States can secede without the con- tration. • ;t ' five friends, and meet in Union Convention, forwin at the North just enough votes either to elect are, I believe, Disunionists even in theory; many of 1860 was the culmination of a gigantic but shadowy the three ithen in - the field, and if the Com- glory 1 Or. wise in our ovirn day as our fathers were mittee failed to agree they were to leave theirmuch of the evil that now! throws its gloom athwart change. Theee invitations were only partially res- the country is traceable to the crazy intermeddling of ponded to; but on Monday, fresh appliances havingthe wretched old man now at the head of the Govern-ment, but our courageous and enlightened people been put in force on Sunday, all hands appeared. Ic—At the foot of the mountains which hem in the " John Brown tract" on the south, stands, reclining Breckinridge, or to prevent a choioe, which will you would not continue a line of policy intentionally in theirs, snail we again warmly grasp hands as in case to the1 distinguished big Committee of fifteen. of Williamsburgh that they were assured that the gracefully upon the banks|of the Sacandaga Rrver, and eventuate in making Lane President. Every knock driving off the Cotton States, if in the abandonment of every previous agitation, and move forward, accele- Finally, this Committee, three members present, meeting on Wednesday evening should be a Tailors' near where the lines of the counties of Fulton, Sara-down of stocks in your market—every " turn of the such policy you surrendered nothing which you pos- rating even our present progress of a thousand men % unanimously selected Ed. H. Smith, the Dong- meetirg, and not a political meeting. The night before toga and Hamilton meet, the beautiful village of North-1 screw," in accordance with Mr. Secretary Orr's plan, sessed, nor compromised your honor. All that the day, a hundj ed miles a year]?- We have been soprosr las candidate. The friends of Col. Gardner, as well as a circular was sent round among them warning them ville. Stretching out from it in all directions are fertileadds to Breckinridge or Lane's chances. The plot was Union men of the South ask of you is to W, the South perous, with nothing to let or hinder us—with such those of Mr.1 Jennings, demanded of the big Committee that the Democracy intended to make a political meet-noble sjmpathieB in the hour of calamity, in the day of that all the candidates be throvm overboard and a new ing of it, and they were, in consequence, prepared to vallies, where cluster some of the best grazing farmsdevisedbeforetheconsentwasobtained]ofthegentls- alone. Whythendrivehertodesperateacts,making war,andvictory,andpeace! Wehavefeltourselves manpresented., TothistheCommitteehadassented, checkanyattempttobringinpolitics.Thefirstspeaker intheState. Inthispicturesqueregion,onFriday men having the interests of theee candidates in charge, \ er feel her independent power, and then retorting to every man a sovereign, when we trod Europe's old, and the Gardner and Jennings.men have been at a loss who attempted to advocate Democracy, was immedi- last, the friends of Lincoln and Hamlin held a large togointotheFusionpartnership. Theplotwasfrom erjustcomplaintsthatthisovershadowingNorthwill stifled,strugglingsoil;anI[Americanhasbeenrecog- tounderstandthecheat. Theexplanationcpmesat atelyputdownbycriesof"humbug." Theykept massmeeting. Thefarmers,withtheirwivesand. o t b e "bullied?"nized as carrying in his individual sphere an epitome ofhis glorious country. Anld is it all gone f Has it last. It is eaid that Smith, the lucky Smith who is toamount required for the current year. The Qovernor and Republican State officers recommended such legis- lation. The Republicans of the Assembly with one exception voted for and passed such a bill. Fourteen Republican Senators voted for the bill when it gat to the Senate. The votes of three Democratic Senators only were wanted to pass it.in that body. They could not be got, and thus the only measure proposed, or that could be proposed, for preventing the necessity of the high tax,-was defeated. That more Republican Sen- ators onght to have voted for the measure is true, butvillat£e35Long Island, last Monday evening., The Democracyof that district have so long had undisputed possession " Protection to the Union." The Thfrd Ward Wide-of the field that they regard themselves as alone enti- tled to it, and evidently consider -public meetings of their opponents to be an unwarrantable intrusion.Awakes. Capt. Gurney,'of New-York, followed. Thev bore a crimson silk banner in a border of gold, with the representation of a free man at work on a free farm, and bearing the words. u Free Homes for Free Men;" and beneath the paintW, "Presented by thepassed away ? The best anil purest patriots South be- go to Washington, is a blood relative of the centrallieve it—and he is a madmai that does not fear it. member of the great calico Union-saving house of claim as a tailors' meeting. After the meeting, anddaughters, from all the icountry round about, were present and full of enthusiasm. The three counties,devilish. • • Your fellow-citizen; ,'•••• . I GEORGE-N. SENDERS.Sew York, Oct. 30,1860. ;.'• f» -.WESTERN ifEW-YOEK.To Vie Editor of ThcN. Y. Tribune.SIR: I observe that your journal, with some other or paper pasters to. paste Smith out and Carter in.and a few of the tailors aleo, while most of themTo the Editor of T7us N. Y. Tribune. vjority. Our majority for Lincoln will fall a little short SIR: Yesterday, in conversation witha leading Demo zals by the strenuous efforts of the leading Republicans^. of making either Breckinridge or. Lane President; ally under the most sacred, compact not to meddle. that not a small share cf the large amount of money Mr. Lincoln, possiblyj may not commit any aggres-Presidential candidate before the people and electingthey have collected " to fltfeat Lincoln and save the even disappoint his party, and form a conservative of the Fillmoie vote; in fact, we have all of the old him. He regarded Lincoln as decidedly the best and To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune. •Union," has b<en employed against Bell and to help Cabinet, with such men a"s Wm. C. Rives at its head.JSreekmridge in the South; amd that in all thinga they But the Gulf States will have acted long before'Mr. Lincoln's inauguration, and they could not, onght not,Whig portion of the American vote except those whomost conservative of them all, and declared it to be hisSIR: In your report of the Tailors Meeting held lastnight at Burger and Hermans Lagerbier es'nblishment,youarenotdoingfulljusticetothemenwhohavefought so great a battle for the Republican cause. Your William H. Borleigh. The Wide-Awakes of Hempsive act upon the South if he shall be elected. He mayLETTER FROM A TAILOR.Wards, and a careful estimate of the remainder.We have with us from,three-fifths to two thirdsout disunionism by uniting upon the most conservativethat this outrageous 'attack will add at least 500 to the vote for Honest Abe on Tuesday.Sacandaga Valley. .—A large and spirited Republican meeting was held in the little hamlet of Mill burn, four miles sou'h. of HempBtead, Queens County, on Wednesday evening, whjch was addressed by William Easton, esq-, andether. servative class than the fair representative men of the say8. We have a handsome majority of the Germanssuccessful party. Trie South, looks to your military- He expressed his diegust and indignation at the report also contains several essential errors; all of stead Village and of Smithville were out in force, andFor weeks past it has been appprent that Bell's and militant Wide-Awake3, to your banners, your with us, and shall increase=iOur vote in the German course of Secretary Cobb in this city. He felt that the which I beg to correct by the following statement. their excellent discipline and the splendor of their strength, which at one moment bid fair to be -vtsry for- speeches, your press, and your votes2 and not to what Wards more than one hundred per cent over the vote crisis had now come and must be met, and the question Long before the meeting was called to order, the crowd torches added not a little to the enthusiasm of the occa- midable, was melting away. The Bell Committee here Mr. Lincoln may say or do after Ins election. The of '56, vjz: in 1856 our vote in the four German Wards. decided as to:whether the slave power should or should was quite enthusiastic in demonstrations, anything elsenow yield a number of States heretofore claimed, and South would feel no security in Mr. Lincoln's betrayal was 956; now it will be more than 2,000. In the Ward not longer be permitted to dragoon the North into the but complimentary to the instigators of this attempt sion. The meeting was a complete success, and closedsupport of its candidates under threats of disunion. He upon their rights. There were plenty of revolutionary at a late boor, with cheers for the Republiwn causeof bis party, were that probable. The only'voice tbat the alarm they feel in view of the strides which Breck- can or oughtto have weight wich the South is the voteyour correspondent resides in, last year, Jones's major-tailors who tignified|their intention to adorn the lamp ity over Leavenworth, Secretary of State, was 168.' really sincere in their threats they will never have a Soetswith the conspirators. The meeting was. called secession panic increases-is ill concealed. In the The Cotton States have in every conceivable form- We have perfected our canvass in the most careful ) order by one of the New-Yorkers, who proposedhope of wilhatanding this current, the supporters of by the5r Conventions, Legislatures, Governors, and manner, and make a Republican majority over Demo- better opportunity to make the long talked of attempt. one of his colleagues for Chairman, who, however, Congressman, given us full acd serious notice that they He was of the opinion that in the event of the House was unanimously rejected by the tailors; next Mr.and candidates.—The Republican mass meeting at Kinderhook, Columbia County, on the 26th inst, was a perfect suc-inridge is making—a progress just in proportion as the of the North.was for bringing them to the point now, and if they arecess. The addresses were by Senator Wade, Messrs. Bel], in many quarters of the South, have already would wgara the election of Lincoln sufficient cause cratic, doubtful, and all, of 45; and we shall make our of Representatives bting called upon to elect a Presi- Vischwitz of WiLiamsburgh was proposed, nix komm Beale, Wilber, and others. The Wide-Awakes mad*taken exbwxuo seceeiion ground. And this, while his for their withdrawal. I do not agree with them, nor canvass estimate good on election day. Our total can- dent the effect upon the business interest* of the coun- rails, the ta'lbrs rejected him also; then Mr. Beck, aeuppor^ers at the North are, par excellence, Union men. do any of yon, I suppose. But our opinions are of vass gives 805 voters. .•"'.'••/•' try w ould be most disastrous. And he deprecated the Williamsburgh Tailor, was proposed by the audience a fine display, and the illuminations and enthusiasm inThis only proves how skillfully was the scheme planned, no consequence if they have the power and think them- There has sever been anything like the feeling now desperate attempts of designing men in this and carried amid tremenduous applause. (Mr. Beck is selves,sufficiently aggrieved to use the power. Any and other States to bring about that result.' known as a Republican).and how successfully it has been executed I doubt serious reflection .must satisfy an. unwarped mind that prevalent here among the yoivng men in regard to poli- These sentiments I am satisfied from careful Mr. Carl, one of the Fusion gentlemen, was intro-whether the history of our country furnishes any- we cannot restrain them if they shall resolve to act; I tics; and if Western New-York does her duty like Erie observation are shared by a very large class of intelli- duced aajirst speaker, and proceeded to tell smooththe eveningSvere all that could be desired. .We.leantthat Kiriderbxxk will give a good account of "herself. :—Dr. Fenelon Hasbrouck of Peekskill,. editor ofthing equal to H. mean to say that we cannot use force with any possible County, Lincoln wJU crossjCayuga Bridge with as gentDemocratB. and by the great mass of the people words and flatteries to the tailors; but no go! when The Highland Democrat J has been nominated as anIt only remains for the honest men who have been success. Amos Kendall'8 two hundred thousand men large a majority as Fremont's plurality. The com- who stand aloof from party connections. I have been he was trying to turn to the left, and to regale them Independent candidate for Congress in the IX/h (Has- —nay, million—could not bring back the seceding one of the last named class, but for the foregoing and with Union arguments, he had to go down amid thedeceived into Fusion in your State, particularly those States by force, without leaving them valueless.. bined majority against Fremont in this county was other pood reasons my sympaihies are now with, and most threatening demonstrations on the part of the khvej District, by that portion of the Democracy who . -who have been deluded with the idea that there was Masterly inactivity will be their successful role. No 6 155; • so j on can see where the Fillmore vote has gone my hopes are! in the success of the great Republican tailors, who saw what he was about. Mr. Weidemtier, are not altogether pleased with the nomination of Mr.* , remote chance of elevating John Bell or Edward . need of a single soldier against our million. They have to, and what a change has copie over us since the con-one of our friends, came next; however, he being Haight, the Douglas candidate.supposed to be one of the Fusion gentlemen* he couldnot succeed in getting a hearing, and gave way for the —A Republican meeting was held in the open air, atbut to set their negroes to raising sufficient corn andBverett to the Presidency—the real, sincere Union hogs for home consumption, and it would not be six test of '56.men, who have not dreamed that the contest was all montb.8 before we would be at the feet of the South, Buffalo, Oct. 29, I860.the while between Lincoln and Breckinridge—to act offering, throogh your liepublican President, Congress, NORTH-EASTER NEW-YORK.like men, with that dignity and independence which is and State Legislatures, more than she now aeks, with To the Editor of The N. Y. Trilfi.to be expected from all right-minded men a wakened at est to the consciousness of having been made the vie • 2ms of a stupendous fraud.the humiliation of receiving .scornful refusal. This istaking our situation at its best possible—supposing thatwe will have all the men and money we require, theentire North united, and Delaware, Maryland, Vir- the Democrats by 200 majority. Our county is can- Democrat, and an " H., S. & T." Fusion man. Nov cried the tailors. By this time the New-Yorkera wereSin: I notice by a canvaie of this State made by The Journal of Commerce this county is claimed bymont. . ,. The evidence of this fraud is accumulating here ginia, Kentucky, Missouri, California, and Oregon, vassed, but I don't like to say we will give the major- he declares for Lincoln, and urges his declaration with quite satisfied that there were no votes to be gained. —A correspondent, writing from South Salem,every hour. Indeed, so elatedhave some of those in cordially cooperating. But the North Jknot united; ity our books show, for I can hardly credit it myself; the zeal of a new convert. nor will Virginia. Kentucky, and Missomi with theirMr. Bornhard, Another tailor, was cabled to the Westchester County, under date of Oct, 30, tays: stand, and was very smart at denouncing the intentions "LastnlKhtwe had another glorious rally of the of their New-York friends; the meeting being called fritndB of Free Lj.bor. G. G. Bel'ovvs and Henry J.the secret become, at the success of the plot, that tobacco, nor California, with her annuffl|Pindred mil- but you may draw on us for |J500 majority for Lincoln,ecarcely an effort is made to disguise it. Many who lions of gold, cooperate in any forcible measures. Tnis and if we should give 700, so| much the better. All the bast week, three young men, a little while ago.Bell and. by New-York foremen and cutters, who had always Scudder, esq., of your city, addressed the large as-have so gallantly and hopefully supported Bell and can majority, so fax from aiding, will be very likely to gasconade about disunion and secession helps our ticketJEverett, with amir prospect too of more than dividing <*<**« New-Yotk a-Free City,as,the only way to in this connty. Our CongrOSBional ticket will have their adhesion to the Republican cause. Again, in an- hnspicious to him that they wanted to nuke friends down for Lincoln by at least 200 majority, and. if we,r r „ , , . . , £ „v_~ I. I maintainiittscommercial supremacy.. ^the Southern vote/have well nigh lost heart through- The conservative North has not as yet contemplated©ut the entire South—thousands, who up to within the ease with which this gigantic Republic can be dis-the last twentydays, were earnest supporters of BeH integrated. Her sons and daughters have been taught and Everett, have gone over to Breckinridge. They to look upon our constitutional Union as a structurefrom 2,000 to 2,500 majority in the District.Yours truly, I " P.W.AMES.other store, relying upon Northern and Western trade just before election. His remarks on the Homestead ' get all.our voters out, at 250. Our Wide-Awakes are several changes have taken place, worthy of note wi- bill and the Tariff wore received with immense ap- doing marvels.the last few days. One young man said, " When the* plause, as well as his exhortations to vote the Repub- —A correspodent says: ,. - ., . South, and hot-headed politicians hold a cotton bat to lican ticket. His final warning to the voters to look ' " The Republicans of Northfield township, Rich- my mouth, and tell me to breathe through that, I vote out for spurious tickets on election day were quite in mond County, Staten Island, have been actively em- for Lincoln." pUce. Messrs. Fe'z and Weidtmeitr epoke again after ploy ed since the opening of the Fall campaign, in pce-lallyreaJrke that the contest actually is between Lia- And with this confidence goes a religious venerationAnother said—and a Democrat at that—" I don't m/6 clock), having previously fitattd that the primaryobject of the meeting had been defeated. J .WhenmostofthetailorshadlefttheHall,amidcon-T AXA TION IN.JSTEW-YORK. almost superhuman in its origin, and iodestructibre. To the Editor of Th*.N. Y. Tribuije,Boinhard. The Chairman then adjourned the meetin* parug for the great struggle of Tuesday next. Thecom and Breckinridge, and they have the resolution to for it, and a solemn belief in our inseparable solidarity SIE: The opponents of the Republican party arevoters of the lid District have held weekly meetings for some two months or more past, at Ball's Hes< and betnablyaddrewedbyMessrs.J.WilsonGreen,C.N.3Bv«rett at theNorthact? How should they? totheyoungesturchinthatmasbarefootaftertheflag Statetaxcfthepresentyeai. Theystatetwofacta: lose$50,000uponthelatedeclineoffancystocksatMatttburgh, Clinton Co., N. Y.J Get 30, I860.AMC a ' 'WiS they continue to be the instruments of a Fusion of our Union—from classic Faneuil Hall to aboriginal 1st. Republican ascendency fa the Legislature; and, present prices. He has lived in New-Orleans, and is tinual cheering for Lincoln, the Union League No 2 Emerson, J. H. Shannon, and Judge Center of thia Tammany—frem Alma Mater, where the speeches of 2d. High taxation. Now, the Republican party did full of true Union sentiment and grit. > (Know Nothing Wide-Awakes) made their entrance city, and Messrs. BrowneU, Winthrop, G. W. Curtis, that fpraetically deprives them of the very thing Clay, Webster, Calhoun, and Crittenden, are the vestal There is, among thinking men, a disposition to hold into the Hall, ond formed a square around the remain- Hale, and others of Staten Island, and C F.;Hopkm>*> which it pretends to be devoted? WiD they work fires at which our s >phomores.and teniors kindle their not increase the obligations oil the State by any legisla- the right guilty parties, who have narrowed this issue ing tailors, and after some cheering and groanio* on son, eiq., of Boston. They have also organised andcc,forBjeckinridgeandLane,undera schemethat is acclamation,down to theintroductorypublicschool— the Northern popular mind is trained to revere thejM&ing away the strength of BeQ and Everett Union.tion last Winter, except in[raising a small Bum to toam<m«*-point (aseveryother argument hasfsuled) boih sides,theformerdeclared thtir intention to put equipped a corps of Wide-Awakes of some60mem- bring the canals into use, with greatly increased facil- ^sponsiblefor all the. panic' and cry, and distress the oV-d Dutchmen out. The later retired after deal- bers, all of this l)istriot, where but 25 votes were cast18(H).newxotoj•ID Keatocly,Tennessee,Virginiaand other 8»tee7IknowthatscarcelyaNorthern man believe*fh*tstorm, ifneedsbe,toLincolnandvktory,H.J>.C»theGermans,thisactwae not resented. Thar* wer* vawdeveryvoterinit, and ascertained as w«r/P at least *K) Turners at the Tvruer Ball doaeby, whS pofslble, hie political prooKvItiw. On Thursday **>~t* v»——fr^V^*!&&&&$&•r *rwy~xr -jg j^gjjg^g^^SSSSiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com•1MB asmintention and the intention of many Democrats in hisp a r t y .NewYork,Oot.:,Y o u r s30, I860..:F .of 125 Wide-Awakes from Staten Island, having with £ TO^*he—-Charles N. Emerson will address Repubhcarfniieu ings at Franklin, N. J.| Thursday, Nov. 1; GlenCovt, L. I., Friday, Nov. 2; Caldwell,N.J., Saturday, Nov. 3; Waterbnry, Monday, Nov. 5.—T. W. Williams, esq, will address a Republics* and the side wheels in motion, and smoke issuing from meeting at Reckland Lake this evening, and w2l20 miles to participate in the meeting. The GreeopointLincoln Artillery, Capt, Taft, turned out in large num-bers, with a spokesman in the shape of a 12-poundmountain howitzer, drawn by a ho-se, and stronglymanned. "• The Eighteenth Ward Wide-Awakes ofBoehwick, Capt. Staggers, were accompanied by a del- of whom were Vermonters from Fair Haven andThe meeting in the Square, which was very large, elsewhere. Forewarned, [forearmed! was called to ord*r by Geo. C. Baker, and Robert B.well from the particular duties of the night.the meeting broke up at about 12 p. m.THE CONFUSIONISTS AND THE TAILORS. We are informed by some of the German tailorsyou. And now to prevent further cheating, our tick-ets, I understand, are to be printed on fine calico made cheered for Wall'and Lincoln, whereupon the Uaion was made brilliant by hundreds, of Wide-Awakes of Georgia cotton, so that there can't be any scratching boys charged on them with their olubs, and after a con-HOW THE! LAST TURN OF THE SCREW moment to Mr. Pelz, a tailor of Williamsburgh, whose Col. Brank's Station, Berg»n County, N;J., on the •WORKS. -eloquent Bpeech (the one that you attribute to Mr. Northern Railroad, on Saturday afternoon. Speecheer Weidemeier), was continually interrupted by enthusi- were made by W. W. Howe of New York, O. Van-To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: I spent bast evening with a prominent Wall- Fusion gentleman; poor fellow, he was in disgrace derhoven of Paterson, and Mr. Caldwell of Pier-astic cheers. He was followed by another New-York street broker, who, till within a few days, has been a almost,as soon as he opened his mouth; "down!"Again, dropping into a Southern dry goods store,great metropolis, with its forty thousand Anti-Republi- y Everett and Democratic, renounced Fasion, and gave abused and tyranized over the tailors, it looked very tewblage with great effect. You may put this townities, which has already increased the telle to an likely to ensue, and to push on through thec/oid and* ing son: o tquarelblows. Thanks to the forbearance of for Fremont in 1856, and have aleo thoroughly «an-Untitled Document'MMist ¥S&0engaged themselves better thanonthW^SS! *"* on this occasion.SvSSfgSSgWS wvictories over thelength by Henry B. Stanton of Seneca. The eveningss  