 ik 1^'SiIiSr^^£5 Sne^deow ofthe State of Ala-where they had a right to axpectneutrality, if not sym- , pathy and praise.;over his lace she had been onand. everyman withinin the IMon. OBtier the itomtnalloa of I, law, Tultw tjmnny of alack R«pub:l- ,Md Uiera !• one utiwr Bute la Um ualon tkat kM btsvclj tbiowB off tiM Toke, I will >«ek mr teild]: Ib IbM State and bandon Vir^la forerer. tlwaa ap^MIMO If y>rr>»i» mil not act <u SouthBe else : Mr. Elliot wisenwaslhace her ;asI B great OMay ot^er things.IS^tA^t.'SU Cn>MM-tmaminrd—l was snmmoaad hiir. _iu._ to rise. He coDn notidentUy him. He taen left the hsiingtold any human being of what I fai- i^**wLkSTpe^^ie'^-r^^iS"^-'siuf^sns!?^tt»oommandofFort atMr*.Rich'swbl JeOerssL The transfer ef-the totplacehe Jinew It vvaa re- 4qu«airtt<e'r,sBgotaJhoSTTi—.^.'"Tbe^Mottgomary Msil reports a nMatln»«hlck Ceiefiie, / lest ao lumgtr a kame, »nd / am a ban- was held In that city on the 11th. at which Gov.BarHBgBae*a I>efeat-WUe>A.WBka»-S«-Kew-Orleans steamer JfagaST*^^ PratBONAI.."Wltnes'was liniledl^Aywhatherke had ever seen Mr. EUlol a^^RloVs—Hr. Elliot betag requestedi«M mmtL [Apfdaoie.] I Yum*, gentlemen, that mjfrimda »UI •xcuae me from Ulklag any lonijer.I pill mj, there Is not one uf you, young anMoosswas :The foUowlas resolution was That the authority aad control of the~su—mm»on«eidhT .JTlOgmmmrr—setUe politi-would wanted beat'dfiBut, arleat are, that hai thif cause more st hea-rxpresent.From An Oeeaalonalgard to thte matter lUledtoremainInCourton nan.edSmith; I was^^aa DKWI oftlM'l hare, or would make greater isocrilictis t<> aepOMM.]OiltB rMmtsm^iOismuxtxii* at trzsi foint. The a'JneTed card appears tn tae Columbia (S. C.JCL«»ki- , wtasTM^:youparty, calling il^lf Re-''- •;discharged,meatI sat tbe first evenhig she west out in tl|e bast gMac-I rtmeo-ber stay I1.X there ttll ten o'clockstalls then, and she had not relumed up to thatI cannot tell how tioes:""«',=•«''e»a'r;;lailve, riskyofoperators Wall-streetVfm From wU't wefurtter t oubleon thU point, we feel to disposedIt by staling that Wheatland, the Mec«a itf theI I did notkeep aay waMh ea her•,»3eJm hera!.ferti...,»,mom;TSS? ^nd pn«^d .loace .oorg.uizeThiimpson0» JKhcur ^"SVeJ C*i.HOD..wou^l approve" singleder the patriotic hope that such consultation will ro- single hand at the Boards," as do yoursso longpaniciilar linesa w eek on aa average^ft!roIlT<lS«I3on anU aiiecilon to her, aui her trol of any Government, the destinies oi which are in Bostoulan, per cent, to-day is better thai pros- countiy ihan WbeaUand. Thereiialr, gentlemanwlih her with- SStal to found uuiJer tue foU« of her Dauuer, hght-pect of 20 cent, te-raorrow. all per Notwithstandingthis, they have their " ups" and " downs ;" their elon-gated, crystallzed features present the appear- to-dayance of the side of suimyuomplexion;SSSSrU^S. w ^1 w«.».multa..eou.the hands of said Sectional Abolition party.VIRGINIA.A public meethng of the clUzena of Bath Coun tysaw Idm there be- he asked if Miss Tal|>e was in; witaess saiddidn't know how he remained there long;Leave was accorded, aadMr. Gerard announced that tne deliniee bad eoa'oV « "iplou.. here at the Na- ^S!l«n.T Hcerialuly to '« dealreJ D> aliofua,•^i^tK "Tu- MTrecanuotsjrtiUeourwent Dot seeHowever,there were cctalalMreffl«>u''>rfaces of elongate and shorten with the rise and fallajust quarterof aHon.saw him ihere three times twice.saw himoutgo onlyto obtain a veru k tMr. Smith Interposed no otdcettia to itmi^aa»-MNAN. RstaoLDS, Met'T. Werrou, Me. JtHBuMKSB,Hikst 8. Faslit,. J S. W.ATtfaasr, 'Southern portion of the Conteileriicyi. Idown to the period ofthe election. It wasby Southern politirians. in public speeches and be obtained at reasonable rates, stocks for the most througb newspapers, tliat bis election wouldAU the<- 'GEORGIA. .-nootxDnias or thi lioiblatdri.;ness did not know whether she was married or not;Coart of Ojer aad Vnwilaer.TWO T1.AK8, GOEnOR TO THI FmiTUTIAKTPomr. Nor. ». Is«3.ihe oUmore that day.Ihe Judgedlrected hhn to stand by for the present.take her Oe.iiiiles lu forand Bitecker streets (Mr. Rich's) in 'J8;and the author- staneeS of Lisooui's election "leave a ground for a public meeting of the people of this (M>Lmty, at themissionedhopeitheit meay, very many—pei haps enough, when comui^;WUh the opposition at tne North, to consti' tute a,ws|«riiy—voted for him withoot sympaioy for any pne of his aggressive opinions." Some, It claims, voted 6>r him because they believed him conservative,the result of the conversation was thdt tie dre\. up a Tough draft of the articles of separation; a fair csj.y was made and they each signed it. and tneuniirotected,pursuingtbeirwhile others, considered their manhood involve "W^aklflereaceweseebetweentheirsocial andhonest labor, and he didn't want in contact with thoee of a different character. He thatthestatuteInflictedsot the tlirasW nitsred at the South. Then it adds:thing public by-and-bye. Gen. Ginxoiv J. Fillcw. He suggests tills remedy for lecord does not look wellfor'promlnentaaalealinglivingby brcughttbeii jKiPlieal bearing towaitls us!Is the farmer the"Let the Governors of aQ the Southern States con-A number of Wide-Awakes in Boston, who largeheavy.liiiijji^sUSII"" "f a peoole who scorn and despise Vfi ?sUll lelaLi their organizations, are preparing to join Leitislatures, emergency the andWine-Awake at Wed- Albany,the articles strongI have no recollection of receivingcircumstances in Gordon's case his aenteace urgedLet who experienceinthepretnlsesanswervene their to consider tlie ofUie crisis. Let these Legislatures immediately ap- gi jubilee Providence, representations by a law-suit. Thus far the only ef- rtniJ the articles of which were in the usual|aoae ^vetbe qtiesticb." it Massachusetts would give so large a mmoilt> for one who luid. proclaimed that tbe Soutn was eiititled to a Fugitive blave law under the Gon- siliuiion, the tUpultican tbitiks that mere Is even hope that she may repeal tne obnoxious laws nullifying tneciimmissicners o confer with like commission- retday evening next. About one thousand will go toseparation,To the Court—Tbe instruments delivered to themPen-tentiary. right was two years in the St-tte Prison."statute. The itcputlwin says that the great arg.i-female with personsmeat for tbe Convention is, mat it is practicable indispense— suQcessfol, it will bring peace to a great, glorious outcompanionship universally repudiated.Carolina,have withdrawn their names from his he has been rearrested and lodged in jail.andspite of the random assertions to the contrary^h^t ifshall be points ofprohibi-Ky.,b^nd,proved,some time after 1 met the plaintiff; and asked himand sbo'.ild it prove a fidltiie, the result will tmnish all oresent differences, and OBlte all the States of the South in a commonrepUed where,distxacied ana disunited people;Dodge,after fiveyears'labor in theknow'eveninglUTAKT COKTIKTIOH RZSOLUTIONS.W. Assasaos, President ef the Military Conas Northern any—veston. Texas, on the 6th, having been eight weeks InMarch, 165S;^onvef' dDB,has transmitted to the Legislature of Georgia th^" itMlations adopted by the body which he repre- sents:the Federal CunstituUon or to the rights of the South.a tbe apsaaia byof toe exsmlniitlon, ara that preliminary000 as a military fundThe jeco?id recommends the establishment of anTbe Hunt calls for the organization of the State militia:The Jmrtk recommends the equipping of an armyof i.^^iWI:.Tfafjlm. .that all armorias and military suppliespartv,afterthey entered thethe sickness with which he has been afflicted for some weeks.wound:aadsr lb* supervision of an oninance de- sizfik inggests the propriety of encouraglhg the:Tbe immlk recommends that each artillery com- pany be provided with a battery of six rUed cannon,United States, except by the concurrent vote of theit was not easy to understand why the offeaee had not been admitted upon trial, and so saved ttie time andbe psrtAIM:——GxsxaAL Tsaa.'— Non-enumer-Wa,52 toStjpasMS Cosai.-ForJ /.—Unchanged. Part I/.—couvirte.idtaadUhitid Staieb Distbiot Coi;kt SiTrxsiM CoDfcTftTTtmeQ.— paymentTt^formatfam-of 'iTtillery companiesacquiredke open to settlement by the cltlxens of all tbe Statesated— Nos.63, 64, 45, 47, 50,whyIt should ni<t tie acted upon to the full extent.of was left to some puiushmentand that the cavalry companies bewith re-that neither Congress or any Tsrritorial Legislaturehad found the facts, as charged by theand the Court did not see bow they ;done otherwise. Indeed it was a causevolvers and carbines:erty to speak of it ;he came on here In compliancepeople, could havetlW Union consistently with her (IMeiests; indwhereas,hersecession, if deoiHdlk^W, mhy possibly result In a resort to;al- lowed by the law, $250, the prisoner to stand commit-\ ~formt9,dQhim stairs as far as the third floor showedM"'\,,,J^''^'1Xm- notcertiUnlyoonvict WllUam ."""'Kf "°*£ftJX follows: In 1858 I monyof such a man. Hie •?'^,'?"S„'L*iSev wm aselves Inconsistent and impr"ob^^'J- J'°'J'^^ tilow'LSiliw^iHblsmaiii llinpivpaaescommitted for trlaLThe Judge:;aoytUngto r&ist'pifseawiiD.,rightslady being;thoughtMonissey. Julyrtion ofrUrilly—ThatnoamendmentoftheFederalCon- anceCommittee,butmanagedtoescapethem. After-arms, tblirererettUtati, That we do herrtty cheerfully tender ourservfeu 10 the Governor of^ Georgia whenever re- quired.ALABAMA.TBI BAFTI8T 8TAT« C0!(T«NT10H AHD THB OBISIg.a reward of for $S.00Ot'alttd States CIrenit Cenrt. B«for« Hod. Jsd|« ShlpBUUD.damages'equippedshallhavepowertopass anylaw(excepttoprotectJury tothewishesofdefendant'scotmsel.Thewitness trueThe tighXK pledges support to home manufactures, slaves IheieinThe noted Jack Powiss, formerly of California,was937, 336J<,715, 1045, Sf5. 7, 1(165, 1067, 1073, 57, 55, 681, 893, 1019. 765.considered it was due to himself to state that he thought it proper to go over the circumstance to theof wonderaad tti'tpfkirigrserles concludes as follows:a found dead In his house, fewconclusion. The law had made the offence and should a mlsdenieanor; as such it might be punished by such a step would due ct.nsldtraliloinfe, he also told fine, or by imprisonment in the Penitentiary. Tbei'"•'Bate, beUere that Georgia can no Union, theyKos. In such convention, settle the ques- some way to have been connected With many of the 2373,2131728,. 1863, 2212,228,2283286,. 2283, „15»1, 2375, 2372, wife, 2380, 2384, 1919,THE CRin. CON. CASB.mmay.net be taken withouther it would either of tbem the tiower tofcutence of the Court would tie the highest fineadopted Kriolvii,—The Lancasterhi'ldli'ii!The witness said he had staidjurypossibleI tm^An-thai we are in favor of such sepa- nsybe necessary, by tbe most prompt and availableState-street are notspeca-rote atalt actumIMQlfe Carolina will unJouDie.ily, at a.i y rate Mate action, and without any further delay than "Vr. EBlT0l~Sir;"• IrtrWnd .ewaie Gorera ..out. (« Uo.rera- amcng the peoples and authorities of the respective make and lose fortunes in amMu*s,toprocurea free and Iraternal connultationBears" are seldom bitten. It is true, they do aotjigo «i coupleofremained there for six or seven weekshad no par:soon after that she want ant !slaveholdlng States, eutere.1 Into and conHucted un-; and under the instrucUoas of Mr. proceed- used to KO to market and attend dinner for Mrs. RichnothayvbaMt Mc Christie was at home four nIghMcoDT.ctiuuj of dut» a* to without dlstioction of party, was held at the Court- anIndlgo-bagcannot beeffecnta'tr de- bar all funfcar atteaspis on tbe part of the iiniss silaaof our lime here uuder such ahouse on the 13th lust, at whicb William MoClistio presided sad Chaslss R. MoDomau) acted as Secre-—Since 18SS,Isasc F.Redfield has occupied the position of ChiefWkiriat, W e deeply regret the result of the late e'T »*»«' to be troe to berlone star In the elecilou by widch absamah Lisoolh, of the State of liialMiiith^ofHetttuae, and If, by chinee, iitie guei lilinols. Will become the next President of the Unitedon behalf of their brethren of fonnd that that was not tbe placesice, where he saw tbe defemlaat In an oSce er in law and wife who bad ledKMtim mitUig oatselres useful.contract Ihelr loans, and respectable old merchantsGeorgeF.Edmimd,;simplylooked at it and that that brother-in-law was Mr. MallonsyJ. 4. BoAiwaiairt, Jas. H. Hahutus.tlon or ibe laws of ihe :state or the;could say positively that he saw him aiidPreslosHiy, ef(JSkOm I4th Hr. Ccusas, of Clay, Introduced the fol-mob, or the assassin, on thekninvMaaluttoB Into the House of Repre^ntacires:ortece>siou frvm the other States of the;ONETKAR—Wtittn, On account oi the present grievances it Isand whereas, as much as we deploreLiri—BILLT aCLLlOAS The first business beforetsry.five, appointedpurpose,One of these blue streakshorizonJusticejustA committee offor theonlyla the financialof Vermont. He hasWitness Identified the defendant as the whom he dercrlbcd as having made those visits.Dent proposed, and concluded Ibe ease for the ptaU- tlfi by recalling Brown him<elf cothe stand.^yiatslltll. irinilTlliii nllUhiii sill All we Ue^Ure is a States, ihrougb the exclustve agency of a party wbolly dinary bank, failed to realize on their paper." No'sectional ano hostile to tne peculiar iuatltutljns of theone IS alarmed asthesense of inse-swer was for Misstleman but tills one visit Miss Va^pe.gen-wife's so fur as psrt.any;m the time of the nomination of the sal 1 LtitooLKcaritysnd"cominj, arereproach, which the and well-disposed—Cross-exammtd Did not always attend the doortestimony!• hac^de ftom the Union thereiore aieto our Southern Insliiutious, yet the calamitousHtttiotdt That the Governor, a* Com:nander-lu- consequences which would necessarily and Inevitably the popular fear.Smith,is clothed with the herebybyIn the rotunda of the Court house. Mr. Hart witness found that she desired to separate from neraaypowerCouit-house thereof, by public notice, to take suchthtm to separate ;subsequenMy he b.-oughtsteps in relation theretoasIt vrill come out one of thesea certain cihss in this largely City, that any way ofproper.procedure probablyTENNESSEE.by The Nashville Patriot publishes a long letter fromrou^horalttbe sidle of affairs now existingmenintbe ofthatDis'rict. Republican PartySenatorialdutiesatWashingtoncarefully,rejoiceda penally in tbe present case. In view of tbepointers, to tie appointed by the other States. Let these commissioners agree and recommend back to their respective Legislatures the passage of laws as fol-j. ws, viz. Firjl—ARsvsstisLaw—Bytheprovisionsofwhich,all goods manufactured in the Northern States, andall goods imported through NorthernProviuence.fect has been to largely Increase Mr, Eddy's audien- ces.legal iLTni.jJohn who had Eagen,pleaded guiltyto msa-taxed for State tion.purposes,— Ossian E.what liad become of his wife,and hethat she but he tie-The last act of the Alabama Baptist Convention on sufficient caoie for war in view of the repeated ag-Monday night, the 12th Inst., was the unanimous gressions by the North, but be thinks that if the South- such threatsasked himto bis wife he didwereNew-York npeople of the SWte of were a wias tfy tbapassl|l( of the lollowlng paper. The document was ern States will arm and prepare for maintaining theirdesirous ofplaintiffs,wastattbeWaastofJohn 'In the Union there Is no need of their precipitate and <1»illei1 by Rev. W. v. Chuioi.. The Smuktra. withdrawal from it.;to the Convention by Rev. B.BapHtf^Jt: "After the paper was read afewre- The Memphis Biu[mTtT says that the sesesslonthere of the name of Mrs.she came there in the Fail of '58 ; wltnesa left there lyshe had aof ianoarj^to tbs Mb of thinks the duplicate copy was signed by Brown sent and stir up the chaia*. Hn^e tha ladlotmeat,maiks were msde, and prayer was offered, all rose movement isso.-^we are constrained, as men, as citi- xens,HtS Ohmtlaas, to give full place in our nearts to the m<s of eoaatlT.[Here the Court tookout of the Court*a conrefsedfromnot exfibidethe prolodiki convicfion, based on a long Carolina andiwent down stairs ;did not know how the longknew thisStMMas ak>o( lor the most part,''" ties iiMlnaptnsii oar retired and quiet position does duced'1 he iiatineeis of tbe ship Champion, Capt. Nichols,which North having been arrested by the American Consul at Ha- man remainedgentle- let tUm in on a sut>-andmfiMesBonuleseriesofbets,that the union ofin StatMtDthlstonfedetaBy has fUled, important,ca:°"'SS^35*;jS5eS-4ha»wehoUl ourselves the bear up bravely under all jures people.toC apt. M. C. Mxiss, U, 8. Engineers, and Aqueduct, arrived in tbe steamer Magnolia fromFen-sacola, on tbe Ttb lastnote to him. T o'clock; met her in Fulton-street, onewetnlgbtl„ -h- counnsel would say of Mr. MuIH- the;;!»»«""=Mahit,D.From thethe prosecution slept tintil John MOTrinay andwrong end foremost,"men. Northern fanatics will see ere long whether people. The same paper calls the attentioni;members of tbe the Convention, the congregation, womeh as well as;;from their knees snd voted unanimouslyAITalra at Key West.story;;ihe Sotith wUi live in a Union under Black Republi- can rule."Bionlits to the fact that any government which theyCoTresfondence of the Charltston Mercury. KsiWisT, Monday, Nov. 13, I860.medium-sixed;he said he had no doubt ttiat there,she was frommight form could command no respect, as precedent " The members of the Baptist State Convention of would be against Its stability.The U. 8. steamer CruaatUr, Lieut. Command- thought he was in Courtof " OM of the Counsel him- ilie,"aadpolitical par-lady not show him up street, Brooklyn;Ihim brought over to this place and given up lo the au- thorities. They have been examined by the Commis-hecamedown therebetw.eutbe and P»'^^"'^^,-, 1»"» holidays remalnad there for, I Story that MnlUgsn.ln TM<;'' P'tlwedJ If he did,Statesbuying negroes In and Virginia;I saw ber in:if he khewand he mentioned the name of Miss Cusickol How aid's Reports, page 50S and on, settled that the Stateshavethispower. LettheselawsoftheSouth-ern Sta'es stand as unrepealedof Jack Fawers< Correspondence qf the New-York Times.TcBic, Thursday, Nov. 1, 1S«0.another cuncertizing tour through Ohio, Michigan minstrels. Tbe deed of andtheWest.separationEthiopianwas dated in prisonerlongEstate retains upon Us statute-book any law hostile toSenator Latham with his lady arrived at Gal-house ration.;sepa- ,. ,was the sentence of the CourLSlaveryfor themselves as they please. murders committedand whereas, proclaimed justify"working sensibly upon finances. Money can scarcely will sometimes thoughtlessly heap upon the consUtu- Lad seen Mr. Elli.,t at that bousethey may deem right and;:portstly Vm-Uimk 9imt9, 9^BbtiSi, IConembir ««, lam.We notice that now and thea amuses cure tta luceeae." .[Land and loagcuaJuued ap- publican, v« I. <('h l<as lately elected AasAUAa LiirooLS flare-up In Stock-markets, aad a of hi avtcll by speculating In regard to the fature home ofIExpreti says a WasbinKton corresoondentobedience to Itt summons, the Judge re- Mr. Smirt-Well, that haAbolitiont.> the Presidency, over tbe Institutions rights and iii-Boston has !U panicNot a regular New-York general saash-npI.iorthemreciiooaI!ertitsof the («opiedeliberate, finasclalto tmof heavy men and their Alabama, or any other aUve-President Buchanan—somecil- after the fourth of March he wlU make his home la; eootrtvedSii.tt^ of ttie South, would be rulaottssuch roiuuns sutborltT and control is not to be sab- nii'ted to. tut can only be elTectually re^bted by tepa-as much with fain asZFHOM BOglblUFl» ilal DiacBltleSi^alQi BnWB Aawl- GovemiaeBtpropettTand wodbswas made am the was a bosrdlac.lfonac roaad ^had not beea therfr-foUaeM oatv-sbesaidshewas teaailralaaThat weli-roBsidered, andin t^ourt until theand left because he did not think he not know that she was seekiiw forSiSrJSviX I^SrfemT at West Pui .It, a. e eager to tliat they or any oi them should be subject to the con- a 10 a retreat for a retired President could "bo found lu theWe do not desls. things ban as yon de la Gotham;The revolution in Sonerawith great destruction to life and property. About tenthoroughiv drill, ten, twenty or fifty thousandvolunteers, and provide an ample supply of arms and days since 200 Ysguies were killed by tbe Fesquie-—Stcond Let each Southern State raise, organize,progresses slowly, butthe from California via the Over- tripminutesarm andaccomplishingland route, by private conveyance.Brown express any regretat from his wife t partiuxwbo was derk In a rushed out topursue store,stitution shall ever be adopted, by which any of therights therein secured to the slaveholder, shall beeffected in any way—and that if any such amendmentshall ever be adopted, It shall be ivsofacto^ a dissolu-tion of the union of States, thereby remanding each thousand dollars' worth of stook, and said he Intendedband's cialm fur assist her in any way.against parties who mightted until tbe finepaid.eK»p-State to Its original sovereignty, as an Independent to setUe here. It isbe was killed yesterday (Wednesday) morning at ten o'clock. The called on him for the purpose of having articles of of the Court the day before it had been designed tonation.Gen. Piliov asserts that the Southern States havefirst witness calledathe was prosecutionseparationthe and be stated that he was unable to" polldcians,from when it should have sfaHed among theperhsps three weeks or moredraftand Ids wifetold witness that he and his wife bad not metSouth Carolina's movements are well calculatedaskedthe ola gsmblbg-houee, who sUi keeperthe value of slaves In the States of North Carolina and Virginia. Slaves are goingmaterially to impairwas hereT witness told him she and necessity of thorough repairs, and this can only if sne was,a recess.]a blacksmith nowantf we may expect soon to South Caro inlans and planters from the cottonIsaac Lounsbtrry,wimess Wettchester County, deposedrasldlBgdown insee price every day,: ;asthis State at re- prices. ThisistobeuebUssintcaVirginia are to derive from SouthernIMrs. IboardedConfederacyJudge A. D. Longstreet publishes in the Columbia sioners and"; it was ad- he left it with a gentleman at the door of a bakery, but did'not know what thatmotive hadscy's "?» •PIor ten o'clock In theof stairs about seven o'clock InItproceeds; It was a front roomhe since fixedof Seces-judgeeighteenage;Money-Bsgsoftheonr most stupidanyIVtUiam kraddntk, (colore!)—, ,.Lived at the corner ofjBulls" seldom make a " bad" financial boll, and thecalTwaat nairith nJ at thi« time.) one in «lucii the beueats•5af1£^£r^'Sla^e"2/;.-ntatlre, at tbe United pt^ o! the slaieholding States, that it is not fit or safe may not be brilliant operators, but fbey are sure. To resWence than ever, and. Indeed, no m4re beauiiful posed gnlng to Boston judge>lstocks, and we have our panicson a lesser scale.yet, constant talk ofprevailing hard timesValpe;however, and It is themflM-orith fun auihonty tu employ the ea'eot.re mill- tive ot our form of Federal Government, would be of, little fluiry will soon over, unless the New- York alone. Durley gets tbe same sum for doing the de- ground that the only person who could contradict himtaiVldrees of Geuigia Uo resiot the coercion, by the too startling a cnarscter to allow us to give our assent'Feolatil iathortilee, of^any sister liouiheru estate that or countenance to any such movementpasssignsanwlihaPick newspaper. McLenan commenced on that, and can deiiy the paternity of this child.l|[;r.ftopU should speak out fearlessly and firmlyseceiJe.ftom the Uoluo.Mr. ;>M(TH—if Mr. Davidson wishes to be sworn, heAasaavs, of Wilkes, after a f'^w remarks, in whJfklM adiocaied the right of a State to secedr, offer-ed Ito iolkiwiBg amendment to the resolutionprivilege,agsdnst Indindual!, or of a State aUinliiuig that a 6t^ie as a Stale cannot be coerced.Mf. BasesAU, of DeKalb, opposed the substltudon, and ihOTed tu lay the substitute on the table for tne b^raoe i/f the session.Ml'.'OuesrT advocated the resistance of Lnooui,sattWDa^tas' ^tne original resolution.Hr. Tatcii; of Uads, dehned nia portion. Hi be-opinions in reference tu Uie premises, ado^t the fol- lowing resolutions, to wit:fiacwK at Its anniversary next month. They have se- cured Tremont Temple, and will probably, if they persist in their purpose, create another panic in thelatl. He is a perfect worshiper of scenery, andMr. G»AXD asked the Coun whether It would grant a non-suit, nut intimated his belief that It could not.he had often about with an knife. He had gone opena knife In this maimer on the present occsslon, bat did:what w4(onslder our duty, tue we,peopleof Bathand whereas, in a Government like ours Itls right and pro(ier. onoc- rsMnn*. such ha the piesent crisis presents, that the;guilty withfirat de-fore in Uie exercise of that;;WhataNew-York in IbM. when -Joe Scovlll had his famousthere and in view ofstocks andbulnessIs notexpansive. The John Brown Committee held abona Itcannot.InMcLenancameto— —for his firsv drawing in that paper he received $2 not Mr. UsxAan Uh. yesmeeting last one of over *2iKf drawings for tne Pick would Mc. look six faibeis! [Laughter.] EzecuUve in eoloiclng the laws of the Umte.i Stated oi tA^.tssii.g plainly aad concisely our views and n.emoiaiion of the execution and death of Jous pencil is wonderful. McLenan in Clacln- was :;losed.1. iusoivco. That we deplore the election of Abia-BAM LisooLS to the PreMdency as a great nationalmifalui tune, and calculated greatly to impair tne har- financial world, and drive three or four more States Lunatic for the Insane atdone.Ceartbrledy, aay-unless hrmaess should be tem- pered by moderation and forbearance on the part ofout of the Lulon. Wshdill PHtixrps, Wm. Lloyd Gaxsison, GiaaiT Smith, FaxD Dodqlass. Mo^toous- ET BLAxaand Ralph Waldo Eusasos are announcedAsylumAuburn,shortthooght of Ikspartner of whom he was now unfortunately depiived. He loved her and would have laid down his Ufa to de-mony of ihe iinion,the South as well as K^e North.hi* to bt ofposed to MtCKSsuta, As he was '.1. fic>u/ti<i<. That although we deplore tne electionMr. Clinton then opeued his case. He describedCounty of the murder of her llitle daughter. Dr. Hall the case as one of the most extraordinary he bad ever fend her from violence or Insulla. He had no recol-pcMte 01 ttie said Likoolb ahope,The question was objected to, especially on the of the American Tract Society's publications. wa^ Ills wife, snd the law prohibited her iieing calledand a Philadelphia operators get up thoroughand fide panic. any contingency, great- lyfeffect Bos on. as Its money operations, capital,Outrl'le, Mc. t20 to $100 for a tsw hours' work as a wi'ness getsbesides, the question had answered. [Witnesswithdrawn.]beenIt toCounsel asked that the Court would deal\ouareprobablyawarethatMr.BniLiasAiiiandineaitnessofrbeatinff. Itsvictimsarehis friends do not propose to contest the electionthe weak ood joumev a^aoagdays, by what process Mr, BcfiiisOAHS was dsfeated. There are those who know all alMUt it, and will make the whole—amongremained in his possession. [Draft pro- getting living byThe entertainedin tbe fourth was next slaugbter degree,The/r>t resolution approves the raising of $1,000,- munitions of war of every kind. This the States also ra troops under Cachosa. It appears that the party Unitarian clergyman of Boston, is recovering from collectedhave the Constitutional to do. rljjhtT*tr</— Let tbe Southern States all demand of the;bly could be tion or regret.;him down. In falltag, the head oftbe pavement heavily, receiving thence a which was the cause of death.Northern a N'atlonaltion ofthe questions involved in the p.'e-ent issue be-;Convention,for the reconsidera-—let this demani em- brace an amendment of the Federal Constitution, by:tween the North and the South;we did not enter Mrs. Brown was from 18which it sliall be declared—gress m any way affecting the rights of property inregulars. Failing head-quarters, some seventy-five miles dlstimt. Intend-—firstly That no law shall ever be passed by Con-the of the law cpnsiituiionalit)bystaves as it now exists In the Southern States of tbeA.that the was asked questionthey were followed by Cacboxa, and as they were about to enter Hermo-sntirs Senate. of the command was attackeding to take possession ofthe city —That the common Territories of ths Uni- sillo,the Ysguler portion;shall ted States now held or hereafter to be —expense5ec«ii^l|ibut a littlewisdom.—that their property of every spedesslaves included;And the thoughshsil be the Federal Government— — protected byrancheros weremurdered. Many of the fine haciendas are abandoned. 1066, 1970, 1972, 1978, 1960, 1672, 10I2K, 1640, 1880,Brown did noton lunx and, tliertfore, be considered himself at lib-degreeextent in the discretion ol^the Court, there seemed to—W. 43. 44. 40,ber father was livinglike a dozen suchp.-operty)affectmgtherightsofpropertyin Theconditionofthecountryisdeplorableindeed.Nos.1152, 1426, 5270, 1826, 1710, 1004, 566.and not confidential—to as such Territory shall remainStirsiioaCoiM^Parrf.—Nos.longunder a Territorial orgtmization. But that when the— — — this place, CouuuR Plbas Part I. Unchanged. Parr //.th.it theyhad taken so a Ume to arrive longmiles fromWit, dM representatives of the Volunteer preparatory tu their admission as a Stute into tne on the 25th of last month. This Po^sss was said inpeople thereof shHll form and adopt a Constitution,who to be he told her that appearedaflect heyrouwnhgo;leat thatkrownafter theelection,exactlyThe Ilamlln gave himand friends of Hon. Hannibala one's wits is tietter than tliat of honest labor- Ju<:ge Gorui himself came from a community where no man was respected unless heduring wards the Governor offeredthat give a bar to hus- marryagain,andwouldnotprove thewas;;; remembered awhile the testimony showed that tb* realcityneighborsthat South Carolina will recession prevails quite generally here. No fetirs areup He had only to sav to the Court that his act laimpression regurdiog anyughat'empt other Southern Sla'e. Al-—Thewere precise copiesbroughtand to theTheSupremeConrtoftheUnitedStates,Invol.i FrenArizona—BevolntlonlaSonors—DeatheditorililfieldatCleveland,isabouttostartonas the Gan«oraState, received large additions to their force, until they numtH;red over two thousand men. An effort was made to bring on a fight at San Marchial, "^where Cacuorawas with four hundred posted';had chosen to testopenly sod boldly He had set a bad example. Therawere other means of a case to test the constilutijn-in they took up their march to Hermosillo, Pss:)oiska'8Court ren.arked ihit tbeprisoner—and two hundred -killed CACBOaa entering the city.Great excesses and Outrages were committed by the Yaguiers who are employed on the ranches as peons.you get? [Laughter.]money,which a- denial had entailed. If the law were to be tested In this case, there was no reasonSomethingprominentSlUit, 1678, 11154, 1»5«,1713.IMS, 570, 1860. 1964,;enjoin secrecybe no ground lor a claim of particular leniency.TlieOorrespondent.This wimem havingny ,BoBToa, No*. 20, 19W. Tuesday,:name.I never knew her to go out wlm McChSSrJL;light stteadants, hot a carefully-arrangedpoelUvety asMrUag that Virginia. To save the Washington letter-writer any wereChristie was prexsnt shethe rainbow,compared;;part are declining, and the best paper Is rejected. Itflectingto destroy that respect for law and order In society which Is the in freehe asked for Miss Culben wit- ;1;";the of the Vigil- ezistea^he then left the SUte and settled in Sonora. About two months since he arrived here with severalnewed from dayhim;John T. Payne, (partner of the last witness, and aBrcncn vs. Davidson. This case was resumed member of the Boston Bar,) testified that the plaintiff Counsel explained that although at the adjoummaatgenerally supposedby Mexicans, yet many are of the opinion he dieddrawn up witness askeil him what was ;It had nowIntrtKiuce further witnesses. been deter-suddenly, he having been In poor healthothers thinkbycause, and that she was out at satisfy h;T wants for ciottimg, nights;mined to ofl'er nothereforefurther Mr. Bnstsad testimony.ing In New-York. He followed the prefession of a gambler In Sonora, and at one time had won a large amount. His estate Is now thought of some value.B.perfectly thing perfect- he (witness) was engaged on other business, andgenetffected at sotae one of onr nary yards, and War- rineton being tbe nearest, is selected.siiowed opand hehim tbe room luiocked at the doorin she then went by the name of Sor-vana, were given In charge of Lieut. MArriT, and by sequent evening,;there; HeCbrlsfle and I of hhi fist, into;Sytvester Peterson,personofcoloc,testifiedthatinto sum up to tbe jtiry.this,upon the subject of regret to 2U years ot age.;«M!T«(anraf War to relieve Capt D. P. W»<»s»|*fo^ waidtaa the case, bat t'*»""T—The Ar*Taau;lilB« €3Uy Bleetle* l«th, whsa Capt. WooBiaaT lift Ctardsw Ker f>r this -Bcrasr, BilMarda, mmi tbe rrtm-nr. Bbce, sad will Rtnn to WaSunSMiVdv b the'He had Wnnriwt, Tiuait Is nut meant to re>ist the PeJer.l Cotmty, u. pubiic meeting assembled, for tiie purpose night to make arrangements for their public com- at or touch now for less th:in $25w.asHibsotranien with tbe Mr. SaiTU announced that the cate for the plaintiff somebody was going to murder him, and, ttaaratea,;but this Is a child of thirty-lUvf4sent {ben as their representative, he tnerefoie wisuedtbamQkle to have a chance to vote ou it. So f.ir as ourselves prepared and determined to unite with tne crazy fanatics disturb no one here, and we can king time been laboring under a form of insanity <l the pin,ecuilon mat tbe jury weie convinced that it sider him in mercy rather than wrath. He had ofcaaThehe i»a^ roBcemed, he thought that the time hai come entile South in resisting by ail constitutional means really see no reason for the excitement they create which Is fiequently the result of epileptic disease. should never have been brought into a Coun of Jus- suffered the delusion tliat be was to be murdered, aadlence ceased to be a virtue.any and all such aggressions as he or the party that abiohd. elected Lim may uiaae or attempt to males upon theThe theory of Insanity was advanced In her defence when Mrs. Frisch was first put ou trial, but the jurytice. In refeirlng to the couneulion of Mr. Elliot with the litigation, he laid stress ou the agreement Uiat he (.Mr. £.) was to be reimbursed the money he had ad- vanced. He had hoped that the gentlemen on the other side would Lave called thatat such umes did not know what he was aboutThe Court repUed that the idea of exeosisc erimamt»ffi was here made to a^ijoum by tbe ene- naitemctand their works amount toand pioperly of the Southern States, yet we except to furnish (»pital for Souihem fire-eaters, andmlaa jbf the lecolntion, and on a tfst vote by >eas ani aan, the }sas weie eu and nays M.rightscannot and do not regard ms election as of itsf/un- dtr txisting ciTcumt-tancts sufficient cause for tne stctsfion of any one or more ol the said States.mtnt to our I'tceral Constitution and Union, and that we wiu adheiepeiti .acious y to both uutii they shall cease to be. as we have heretofore regarded tbem, the great palladium of our civil and religious freedom.rejected — Mr.bythe proof of a condition which the offender's ownia nadonal misfortune, and holdas some of thespeakers.exploitsof thesehas oetermlned that the unfortunate woman had for a iuiowu, and lelt -satished that from the very opening lection of his deed. He the Court wouileoa- hopedThtytexts for lugubrious and doleful edl'.orials in the BosStale sovereignty the proper one? tnie in our lavor, and tbe Supreme Court of theIf flOk wby are we moxxled and cannot say so ? For Uniicd States ou the side of law and order.on*, ae desired to see if this legislature would vote b. Jksolvtd, That whilst we are opposed to a disso- Breckinridge or Douglas Parties in Boston now—have disappointed in a love affair, left the house a few been making complaints against tbe plaintiff, and thatStatft^lsandthis tall.The Fusionlsts—for we have no Bell,line of the Baltimore and OhioRailroad, having beenbeen divorced for a higii offence against his wife. The defence would further show that the wife had alwayssent here to waste time in tne discussion, and objected tinctly understood, and we to It. •neck upon one of the rails, and remained there until a severe condemnation to the conduct of Mrs. Brown Court remarked that silence was his bestUof 4JI|U^or the defence of Georgia be taken up.deposed that he was aick, and in that year was applied to by thepiainUff todraw up articlesndltHof'tai d, furtnermoie, they mean tu beat Fusion so that it will not be heard of soon after tlie cii;^elect^a.enterprising graduateof Harvard;ls^'tiuns;Tp-An at-vertises in theCollegea sentenceadeclare that we do not and cannot look with the siightest degreebe the man. He was was run by the Demo-willJ^. Idwxs,- of Hancock, said that he was an advo* of composure upon tbe atiomlnabte doctrine of the an Old Line Whig, 1 believeher—In the Patent Office at Washington there is the bndcate^ tbe nrindpies enunciated in this *' irrtyrestibt* cunjiict" between free and slave crats last year a^nst Mr. Lnrcour, the resolndon,having actuallybeen engaged to be married inpresent biit''M iroud inform the House that a request naa labor, as proclaimed and acted upon by the Free Mayor, and this year voted the Bell-Everett ticket.of the vessel so renderingthat Itmdltitn^lViMplau by whidt we can all uulie m the execution of what is denominated the '* Fugitive tlemen nameu are Hon. Mosisof prominenttaaK^4Mllfly>:. JEfc4Ms sjipiisid Inseum Hon.PzisaW. ahopiijlbntteaii*t. Rtsolved, Considering as we do that the State of Virginia is as much lutanssted in the perpetuity of the ingCollege have participation In the out-of Judge Fowler some weeks since. About twenty have confessed to the Faculty tbeir complicity la the affair, and some of the number were dismissed, while the others were allow-keepIto answer bad as yet been rei«ived.Slave Law," and that we shall continue to demand the Kiksall,thetlon of Hon. Abraham Lincoln, Presllent sleet.received a for It on the 22d of Mav patent 1848.Hebut Mr. Davioson coming before a jury of ral lite. pielerredMy a^ti/m tMtU tkat rime, and at tne resolution would permit it ia He 9Mi<P labie : which course was adopted, withoutemorcement of the one and resist the aggressive ten- dencies of the oiher. ableCBAKSUta,Theswindlers, Enright and Gor-km, waretwo, probably, Woolu moved that tlie bill appropriating one million do most cordially and earnestly suggest that every very popular throughout the citysuspended rages perpetratedTbe Couit said, a bill, of coarse,that in lt358 he tie filed, but a stay of proceedings wooU not bettH> aeoate, on the same day. Mr. Hassis, of Ftt.eral Union as any other State, it not more so, we£. S. Tosr, Presi- For the hrst time smce the advent;ya^iMTne <?«»fnr>«hbeen married lor about a year tnat liis wife had lost ;was t^en up, and, alter a very interestinggooo genlieuien.ol the we Republican P^rtyol separation between himhe had someI^e '^flldtecnlsstoh' between several Senators, all breathing theto see a Republican City I'Icket, wlihout Splits or dieahiec-uud his wife tuem; In.^ulredidunisioiuiir. The Senate then aJju-rued.7. Rrsulvid, Tnat whilst we adhere to the Unionemirend, all neeJful. preparations for the resistance particularlyNational Intelligencerpositionfivemade between hs case and that of Bnright, who badnothingto ber board that she was inclined to be been on bail. Gordon was advanced la years, ^ticounty, city and town within her borders assemble In primary meetligs and unite in proper edb'ts to avert the calamities of disunion or secession, and protest-practicing i'ayne"of Guv. Bsovs. a mil- ing, lis we have dune, against both disunion and se-coiivtriationGordon staled tbi-t he was sbe special messagefoi^ defance, ana not a cent for tribute," was cession for causes now existbig.his cotiDselaccordinglybeen signed by every one of the Joint Committee on States, nor upon that breach of constitatumal andtl>s.liO*f the Republic to the leajing statesmen of uttumai faith on the part of the same States, which lican Committee met to-night, but did and pass thnBiMn nirrrrmf-i at the capiiol, to get them to cvBsists lu their open and avowed obstruction of the nothing,jectWiQBTMAS, Esq.,probably ;train ran over her, killingmodel of a steamer furnished with air chambers tor the Brooklyn,Tbe nature and circumstances of tiis crime were iTrulyafitcandidateforFusionvotes. TheRepub- adjourned until Monday. Tne most prominent gen-throughani F. B. CaoyriiiSiusLD, a gentlemaa of great business capacity and high siaud-;twelve honest men, rather than meanly submit to de-ticketnext brought up for sentnxM. Counsel asked a do- lay till ssiurdsy, for the purpose of —«"-[f aWEoflawyer;—Eleven students In Dartmouthmands for black-mail to enable other men to w Oman OS a mistress.thistie latter wouldbeenfor their on a sonnot txmsent to run Hon. Nswsll A. Tboupsoh, auctioneer, and—dent ol the Boston Board of Trade, aBd several otuer;mightfor aand tbe Constitution we are not opposed to, but rec- It makes very little difference whi> gets the piace, as private tutor somewhere in the South. The sen-si'ptiratioii ;plaintiffbeen eonfinedcontinues to urge itspiopseal fof a National Convention. It replies to ob- ot lutuie enetoactiments and aggres>ions and the de- abioing, God serving townlier afiectit.-n tor him,and that she had doneJttfublicanaside Irom politics, for Boston is a law- ; all the candidates named ai e capable and honest enough to be elected, and abnd one could not be.tence, " No tin the objectionsof point uponjectioos isdvanced by the Savannah Ifewt and the Cia-.•'„„T" Oaxtltt, that the decision of die Conventionfence of the iWhts of tbe South, whether the Union be preserved or iRstroyed.Tbe Couitrecently br.iu^ht wi'hin tne reach of the law. But it WHS one of t'<e vilest and meanest modes of obtais- ing a livelihood. Tne statute itoesn't punish it6. Rrsotvtd, That, In view of future exigencies inan. exclusivewithout bis whf^re knowingmightbe binding or not, as the parties sliould eiect^and tha^the movement could not be regarded as a pe-tldon tolhe North. It says, further, that the circum- ity, whenever such exigencies shtll arise, to call phiyersregard lo the objectsof thismeeting, our Chairmanthe was, and that he thought it better farbSBuiR the Press givesis not stated.—Mr. Hart, the eminent sculptor, has been com- cr more at a time,remarked that tae offence had only beeaexhlhldon of his billiard playingto-morrow. He Is creating some- thing of a-rpanlc among the billiard balls, cues andexpealstraighted to remain on probation.;;ranted. Junge GosLP had ooasulted seieral S udges who hs;>pened to be in the City, and believed that tbe exceptions taken could not be maintained. He shouM, therefore, proceed to sentence.piain-stated to witness that he had urgednotiiing,George(^ Aie next day Ur. Cnixass again called no his 3. Rttolvtdf That we have an unyielding attach- in Faneull Hall recently to a crowded audience at Philadelphia on Tuesday evening. When he had give bim an oppurtimity to deny, if he could, the tes- llle. The prisoner in the present ease liisd giivea aThe House then adjourned.Mr. lasTia, of Cobb, said that he would be willington Courier and New-York Herald.Yahoxt spokephilanthropicshould not be adhered to. The most be eommont^lilt; resolution it the gentleman would con- MDt'tietxxtpoiia the whole matter to a Convention of theahovteksire it f Tbe city4d l|ile upelectionapproachesand Isexciting consid-4. Ktsoivtd^ That in our opiuion we can more suc- erable comment; shouldn't they speak in Tremont Temple if they de-returned to his hotel the Conservative Club and Union Guards honored him with a serenade. In a briefmortal wound to his wife without a^ pcovocaisaa whatever, and without aliowmg her any tImB to pre- pare for the eternity Into which she had been aeat» In view of the delicate stato of the nrisoaer^ hnalih,and somespeechcompliment, expressedwhyknighttimony of Mrs. Sales, who stated that he kept Mrs. Biown. Nothing was more desirable than that Ei- ilut should be called upon to testify, because he (coun- sel) had in his possession letters from Elliot to Mrs.In IB&O, Is to PresMent Buchanan. Some weekspilgrimsremain Oe home of Ex-^;day. and a the sabordlnates of the White House:- eayie on here, tlcular employment his wife was there also ;heIt might have been a week, or it;;;they ed to put the pi emises in proper ordBeru'efhorat^eno,ccupancy. knew a lady named Valpe wbo stopped there; she;snit in die generjdconciusloo, on the part of the peo- believe bi the eoastant rolllag of the stone. They Next Summer Wheatland wiU bo a'mote aUra-.ii»e lelt a IllUe while bef'-re he did believed she ;;she bad dark eyes, yeais of age dark; 1 could not went evtry of tr.e other nights.swear that«sretire ibr eoa-Mr. Bucnanan will have a fine opporttuiHy amldthe Inspiration afforded by a quiet, Iniigorating, picturesque rural retre.it. to Uie lileiuy labors to which, it Is" understoo 1, Euerpsruoeposes to devote the remainder of his dars, afterhe once saw a answered tlie bell for himand to-morrowto them. Their vacatiilg tbe White Bouse,did saw him there tioth tiefore and after that, but ibat was the only Ume he let blm In;Important polats ofmar°^-P nr. Lmooui as ComuianJer-ln-Ubie'jani toh^SnMerted al all times to the orders of a Gorern-J^eac tM admhustntton of which mu»t be necswaniyai,iMei>d y to tiie Commonwealth vrblch has. to far, piesented the following resoluuons, which were unani- made Its first glimmering appearance on Saturday. on the bench, and on the 12th, -Messrs. Lucius B. LxarumatioTt resumed—WltuAess went once with a Mr. B'ou-n—l have, beard the testtmony of Mr. prreer?* a spotless laooid, and of which we are mously adopts J:sndand opeiators, who at other times could break an or- the Bar presented the Judge with an address. Judge oppositethen went to tne tions I ;told Mr. Pilne that It was MstarMk-andand whereas, even nowieveralof the Southern States, but from a simple desire to be on the safe side. Sev- outrage snd abuse, from the reckless violence of the visit Miss Valpe her room was beside Miss Cul- m•*."v^v» Rb1ruK«Ttv1v£.M.,ii.b«—_k,NwEoi,OnB=T. suT TO ane wvolead to a diseolntiou of the IJuloaI witness never saw him Jnecessarilythrough their LegishUures and public meetings, are taking the initiatory steps for a speedy separaUondoes not arise from any scarcity of specie or fuads,UnlbnpnMHl sbat some one or more of tue Soutuein diates the election of Mr. Lihoolii, and as loyal as we Ime to collect their dues of course has added much to Register writes;acocmpanies.Theof firms In this manyinabilityWeGMffef the Army and Mavy of this Suie, be m- lesuit from ^ec* salon or any other such act destruc- opinion of those t>est qualified to judge here, that thisand asked when he laat had mierc iiise with Lis wife.;only guaranlee, States, against Mr. Elliott went to her room ;eral houses Southern trade, 1 doingtbtirhand, or of overbear- —The New-Tork correspondent of the Uobile:ben'sIhere or notiesds to it Irom Miss Culbert's.will reftise seceding customers who order, except the cashlearn,ioneing and unscrupulous majorities on the other.";rightcould not say whether Mr. Elliot boarded"McLenan is the equal If not the superior to Darlsy. He gets $5,100 a year for his designs for one housepencil.change!sub.-taniial'ywhenever he can shake off the dust of New-York, off—was atime since commissioned by Gov. Morgan to examine Mrs. Pollv Frisch, who was convicted in Genesee—SamiAii No, Sir; the case must go to thehe to Ihe CatskiU or Wiiite Motmtains. goesJudge jury-Mr. GixABS—if the Court could we should certainly move lor one.TBI OEFKNCK.not recollect at all what he had The prisoner then addressed theDr. Edward Hail, Superintendent of the Stateagrant non-suit, Ing that he never entertained an mifciwriIt.D. Prentice, editor of the Louis- ville Journal, commenced his Northern lecturing tourvice had Induced. Is entirely of modem aad growth,purposeoverbarsorbuoyant shallowwatermayis which the enterprising pedagogue or his employer Is to decideto help payadded but whether this is a ;into tnat s.'ie re-century, retired from his seat;Fuectable, bqtwb» she len Brooklyat^^'^Tuesday, Inqiilied ihe Marshal to take him Into custody for con-'^Mr Smith assured the Court that the wimess sinned noi .hrouBh tuientlon, but through Ignorance.goodtwice; she bgan to go out at nighuon tneTLiSweek after her arrival at Mrs. Webb'spersonTbe banks began slowly, and with great caudon, to Peck, Plerpont Isham, Andrew Tracy, J. D. Bradley, note from Miss Valpe to No. 262 Front-street, and Paine in regar.! to the alleiiatloa of asf wuVs-ala^Redfield It In anc gave hftn the notethat he bad always made it ids study to viniicate all lews however odious, from that contumely andmycriminal coaduct oa any myothe^ man was concernoL being now In, the Caart isaa 4e-defendant repllei^ approp*'riate terms, declaring wrote an answer, which wimess took biu;ktrulypatrioticclare'j till ai.j..nraedatlO A. U.nation, without re- bow <^(:i<n ;m BO doing tbey are doing all in their power there three timesdischsrgedfrom;I;foresliewas; ilid not go up stairs to see which way he eluded ;her, an.aHarabrlereaBfonaa^ that no further evidence was aeedstf.';liim go outlaw which het>elleved would invoUed,Instantly. In her nusbtind and passing for a single woman, leavingas to demand ihe harshest severity of pooishmeat. on thepalse supposition that she was The prisoner bod- deliberately gone Into a shop, ot»- single, lu concluding, counsel asserted that the ob- toined a knife, and going into the straet had Intlctsd a for widen the suit Waff brought was manifestly wound which had sent a fellow creatare froa ths withoat dis- blaek-mall, and that several anooyaions letters, (some worM. I'hs re eunid be so possible elalm forlsaMnej , charging Its cargo. The point of special Interest with olkwrlch were believed to be written by ElUott) and the seateoce would theriore be coofinemsat la Mu- reference to this <»ntrlvance is that it Is the ilnven- meant to extort money, were sent to the defendant, Sing Sing, St hard labor, during the term of his aata-groundpolitics,";hadafamilydependentuponhim. Heeducatedhiawell snd whschildren always a fond parent.Mr. F. UiJli r iwnasboston; and law withthat bisof business wasexceptions.with both ol lifi ti.e leasons or necessityuftheor inlucemenis for the; never saw any otherhadbeeninMissValpe'sroom adoor OrvUte H. brotm, the pialntlff, was recalled by lilr.mahbattaji u giaa guie rosCOaTtCTU.Judge GoDLD, yester- day, was the disposal of the case of John F. Wllilaaa^fond ofquijeu dressis which be could not afford; and that she nad occasionally absented herself for a nightgay,andgoingcompany;a Committee of the citizens of Louisvilleto execute a statue of Henry Clay, which shall be his wile to the office, and after conversation tooheaviij. it adds to the wickedness of theft theofMr. Applitos, although strong grounds exist for such starts for Florence soon, to undertake the work. He burbandplacedestimates Its cost at $10,000.who are srangeisinaturtignland. 1heideaprevailsthe Town Hall Ingone West to make a visit before entering upon ids Kr. KUd Mrs. Brown signed; I read it over to them ofien to beaIn Some Instances the Hampden, Me., last Saturday night. Mr. Hamlin has as tbe rout h drift from which the one was mi'ie which earned hisWhltal,thefather-in-law of SenatorGustave LlndenmuUer, convicted In the Sunday I spoke lo Jdm not more than Ibeatre case, was next brought up Ibr sentence. Thegrandfestival atducedThis isinmy hand-writingand IrecogniieitinDecember.—Mr. E. Eddy has been playing " Jack Cade" ininorderthat thereshouldbenodispute;it is my recollection that the plaintiffdesired me to makeand Mr. Forrest to farther sought prevent;anyinftructionsfromUiewife. [Tbewitne-shere wouldbeone\earlnthe ThatofEa-whoBailey, the editor who has been so persistent in hisIhe.draft,bail for Mr. W. S.of South tbe doc- efforts to Issue the Free South newspaper In Newport, whom bis wife associated,fcr stntence.Massachusetts can well afford tofirst interview,anyand of whomhethe death of August Livermann was perfectlyleniently. *The Court remarked that as no weapon had beenthe deceased been struck by the fist, aad used, havingtbiwith tbetrine of peaceable secession, or secCTslon In any form. Iscausingdisap- accidental, and he hoped be might be dsolt withgentlemengaveCr.Rice, of Minnesota, died suddenly near Richmond, Va., on the 14th Inst., in tbe 5iith year of ids age.LA-W REPORTS. Coart Calendar—Fox THcasDAV.Benj.Cross-examinedthree tliiies after the separationUnchanged. 77. Enumerated- Nos.WhatdidtlH,623.be considered the conversa- tion between Brown and himself a m,i:.ter of business,proceededas in the had made some the Fall of '58 he lived in No. 133 Bleecker-sb-eet, witress toi.l him there was not sufficient reason, and Tbe present case was one of unasusl interest Thehe was killed by some persons h:\ving an old grudge againsthim, parties countryhe lived in a bouse alone. with Mrs. Louisa RichIt is said Powxss had a mother and sister resid- commenced to live with her in '57;weeksSe«M> ' Fram the Admlaistrallon of tbe Federal papers the first of a series of appeals to the South. tbe District Court being absent, the case, together went out through the hall door ; iwltoess once carried particular lu her conduct, unless her going out at he Is a braver man t^"- f°£? "Sal. aid the ooun-for which It was^— thhiga are,—especially with refer HKWiiillKr P^fierty reeognlxed by the Con- giai.** can no longer nope lor Justice, proteo-morning, andthink, about sixI never obserradsn ofmfciceer ilnu ".» Mjonrormis- |be_"i'T,^i"ZjjU?o,f?r^its;sye.r'.'^the South Carolina," he says, " will certainly secede with that ofthe slavers Wiliffb-e, WiUiojn, Ac, vUl a letter to Front-street from Mije Valpefullyitfrom the Union in a few months." He acknowledges not come ap until his return. dressed to Mr. Davidsonit*'^ii°li^hilthe fact that tbe people of the State have been veryThe United BUtes steamer MohsKk, Lieut. Csavsscommanding,person did with it ;carried ananswer back whichrestless under the rule of thesailed from station on a cruise thl^General Gavernment, bnt whether the cause of this Is the " streak of French"">« "ccou ObjecUinwasatfast made to this, bnt afterwards sey and Mulligan mustneai»«»r^ ^^^ ^^^g^J ^ turn,was addressed to Mrs. Valpejof this Republic We are not will- which Is In her people, the Revolutionary spirit which tlie Crusader at Fensacola, and the Watericitch at place at which that letter of Mrs. Valpe was deliv-did not know the;tricve his ill luck. But1 onrrelves entitled to equality ofalong the Cuban coast, on the (th. In the absence of;had lately passed the^^ Morrissey'sr tliem,—even at the risk of life and all Is not vet extinguished, or the love of state Instltu- Philadelphia, the duty of watching the coast and ciedUonSrOexannot tell. In her legislative halls and the boarding suspicious looking crafts wlU be performed number but knew the way;c<Hild go there againwithdrawn.Witness proceeded to state that Miss Sergeant, asji,e natureof whose testimony thethen the prisoner tust LjtoBwfiaalsr mode of relief Is before order maintained there. In her open-handed liberality, by the Mi:hau:k and Wyandotte. Tbej will not be able saw a gentleman there whom he recognized as the ^he then called herself, generallv went out on the the present pro-ieCTtioD.~J——an opinion.—we are conr and In hei crowded churches, the State Btoi^EPBHS maysame person he saw at Rich'sround nls face when he saw htm therethe beat of his knowledge, did not sarry any other did not retom' tmtll after ten or eleven thst he could easilywho was so drunk ^^Q,g „n„,ry of ra-well take to guard but a small extent of the Cuban waters, and 10 our several homes, to pride. These are all pledges that in her present the probabilities are that a large number of slaves«»rf fsUow-eltlzens, before eoarse she will triumph, and Judge Longitreet ad- will te landed this and next month.t. -he had whiskers allBights aloneMcCbrM^Was absenf;she went sometimesout sheThe only other^'"'".^ouver, tJmTMIn ^S?l*SlSrfISlSrMSerity in deltace of resentatlon, even though U may come from a quarter charge of the Capitol Extensfon and WashinetonmUrep-latelyCross-tJSHitatd ty Mr. Climlm> He had whiskers at abont 8 o'clock m ; Iaskedherwhereshehadbaeu,,.__,«,und of Ws voice." TteJorj , toe •"»»•Untitled DocumentBe has been ordered by tbeBands-strtet; 1wenttothatplacein.Sands-sUeetthat Fallfore be leftroom in tbe tiiirdi:stairs; on thatme about nine went the>e together and roomed togethar; she went atoih of humani'ty""'"e'"th'i2s!.»"SjUnerirwiotiW 'there thatWebb's, In No. 80 York- Hercules In might able <"evening but didoccasion be;reant;»°?^i^'^*^%eMit a likelywent there a few weeks ago ;credit page, and whenleave._jjj „„:sel proposed to explain.was there nearly a year ;bringconversed with Brown after that OOSCITION ADD FBOSPKCTa OJ TBI SLATB-TBASB. she had dark hair, rattier dark complexion, and was t^e separation had beenbelieved him toing MArrrr, left this port on the 4Ih InsC for Havana be Uie gentleman seated behind Mr. Smith, he did notrememt>er.nick-namincAlalisma, though assembled for different purposes,Und ourselves togethi^r at a moment when Issues of MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.the most grave and serious character are brought The Raleigh Register concludes a leader with these cola, where she will undergo extensive repairs to her there one night at ten or eleven o'clock ; could not be laces of the conversation with the plaintiff, but luth- brlnahTnlntocentamMbTeBllinghlm Billy. tneopon;unsafe. She will not be absent from work there long;to be atwut 22 years of age.be believedberprosecution piinetpsUy reUed. was J"h",J'S'TJf!Sd ked in andtbe country. While posfes&lng no authority towords^ginespronouncedthe station, and would not now leave It but for the ur- rung; the doorwitness did genera] g.g material was elicitedwhen the bell was as a very beautiful lookhig womanor bind the churcl.es or religious bodies we .reprepeat, and expressly disclaiming any wlsb in anyopenedthe gentleman Inquired for Miss Valpepledge";;;;ctiniir,a>ity ou the part of tils wife, and that she been icflu^^nced by a man and his wife, whose nametobe knew that one gentleman came thingtwenty yearsthere to visit her*; knew him only by sight ;witness thooght they ware light ; been asked qustUaos by Mr, Le^ aad Hi, Smltb, i«-;;;peoplevolvers.incluslon; ^^^^^^^,,„theDeerofofshouldthe public Press, always wlUIng to anythloc publishfor which It Is bad labored to man- paid, aS8ldaoast>ufacture for the pctsonar a eharaeter, which would had degisdebimlo tbe eyes of tne community. With thssame disrespect for piMle ebaneters which led to theand returned on the 7th. She leaves to-day for Fensa- (Mr, Davidson ;) he remembered his coming Witness was cross-examined as to the times and IgntSbif Mr. Iftl^as'a " baptismal patronrmlc," and "snd boilers, which are in bad condition and exact as to the precise timeMrs. Brown he describedThe vritness in this case; upon whose tosdmonywitness, toand came In alonerelied, was. ]ofJo jlfr. Clinton—\ asked Brown In the course of thewebt away, but he did notlit ved she had gone off as one ofaccidental, although the w-os a wTong-,1oer at tbe time, the ends of would probably be subserved by a senteaee of eating six monihe' confinement in the Penitentiary. This,in an I saw him there once or twice after thejusticeplaii.tiff was euga^cd(j.—At any time subsequent to the separabon didplace la«w&yUeerrrA.—Not that I remember their luaimer towards Eagan, ;—Rev. Thomas Whittemore, the well known each other when signing the articles was calm and a person wbo had tbiown some articlewas no excitementgood-natured and as decorous to each other as possi-there—1 do not recollectso, and he was surprised to see such a youngcouplaend collected, asnepdaruantdienrgstootdheythe cool;o( tbeanimus prosecut2i1osntValpecould not say how long she was there be- requested his partner, the last witness, to make a Ills private Counsel, Attorney MeKeeh, ooold be pre-;be said it was on unchangeable^nights.Mr. C»il/<m proposed to prove that she was in thehabit of going out at night, aad that she selected the nights when McChrlstie. to whom she was emraged to be married, was absent.been seyferai »u"^ „d had always 1lm4s at Morrisseys i"^^^^^,lT ha had gone to re- l„st. On the evening In «"'" "Jnt between Morris-had aad she said a vUlt to a friend;againpro- he to be abont 19 or 28out oneCoostel for deieuce asked leave toabandofthe fatal resultbeingclearlytheythere were no manlfestauons ol affec-deceased struckA.—No Witness proceeded to state that he did not know thatalreadyla thethe prisoner, as his Intellect bad hnssi«oif •a«a ihMo^urTsbe did not return that night tnmiSIS.T?".'^'^*and darkcone to see sultatlon. «the ao say atxiut snything;could not say however, tlie trunnt Mack wimess was ordered• in BSandoiv-sKtiSeKa't.»*mtflitshe went oat so often that I easnoc swear «»therefore,The circumnances of the case,to-day, custody.Indicted for the murder of Ms wife. He hadly pleaded not guilty, bat aow wittidrew his plea aadoferrant of female vlnue to the stand, and taught that the law will the of homsii respect sanctityhe acknowledged thepolitical action. The pres- his fears for and unwavering devotion to the Union, Brown, not merely exio'esslve of affecUon, but prf>- which rendered It probable that his Ufe would netMrTcnxlim,ofClay,repliedthathethoughtthe cessfullyresestNorthernaggressionwithintheUnion entMayorwasano-partymanwhenelected,thoughwe sndhisbeliefthatKentuckyandTennesseewould tuseinproiessionsofpassionatelove,anitiecausehe longbespared,asentenceforatermofyeanwooldstand by it to the last.— was also in possession of a document from a Court in amount tu tbe same as one for life. In Oos view, tliaA young lady, residing at Newburgh, on the In Massachusetts, which proven tnat Wm. Elliot had sentence was that the primner be confined at SineSing tor tbe term of fifteen'yeoTs and six "^.f^ Charles Manhattan, wbo had previeasty piaalad rnilty to n,an>laui<htcr in the first degxee, in kUdna lor eensulidatlon. lution of ihe Umon or a secession ot any one or more sat In secret conclave, but did nothing except to Indi- nights since, went to the railroad track, and having her afiectioiia had t>een alienated Iroui him shortly Richardson Gray, wa^ next tvrtMight up fOrse^Nie£Mr. MoDuifaXJ>, of Miuray, thought that he was not ol tne Statesybr causes new ffxisrm^, we 'wish It dis- c&l€ their choice of candidate Informally. J. M. tnrown her clothes over her head, deilt>erately laiiher afier their marriage. Mr. Cliutoa alluded In terms of He had Doitiirg to say against the soatenp«>rie of Georgia had \a right to the ezpre-vlon ef than we can out of i*, especially whilst we hare a believe for the last two years he has voted tbe Repu)>- octlm by this Leglslarare. Was the principle of majoiity of both branches of the National Legisla- llcan ticket It Is generally understood that he retires-at bis window. were as Mistaking the deceased for tbe offender, be knockedresisting It.but 1 did not think it made any difference with a alily of a law. Besides if that were the sole design,Q. —I'ht-n jou knew at the time she was a minor?makingmanslaugUwchangedgree.lenieBttyImpaired by the previous haUu of his life.for a long time labored uader the impressloB tkalUntilthebilloftlons is settled, tbe prisoner is to remain ou bail re-to dav.The case of Mulligan was next proceeded with.self ss Toung Ofek,** ihe papers bad persisted inP- ,— —f"*^^».l Jwife awar; sal ; IaUaotclerkfor short term, as be tiad already raonihs. A distinction stioald baprevian*- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 