 Ccliforaia. Ov Baa YraaciMO,red ponsrapid •torn these twoof the miianchory oa Aboot half past atoe Cetoek tog, Mr.Ratz, hto wife, Mrs. Jean Van^m.and Robert D Evans want in t a t i s i hearty fraatag Thompsons Pavilion Bote), which to aary'afrom a e Ocean Boose. A fresh breeae blew?*e tleasah p Norl h "taryartojdaymeraagfirmAsp*Proprietors, 4)c.,d\c.Saa far THX £>t»ccratu TTtaot— Jkamt,o, July 21, I860of the Fofc—NPMat present.M ramon himself is near Guanaiuato. with two thousandfive hundred men, awaiting erects, and prepared to march wherever bis presence may be most needed.The Administrator General of the State ef Cauca, under the federal goversanett, has issued a decree, dated at 1'asto, in a e interior, declaring all the ports ••. Cauca closed against foreign commerce. Copies ot the decreewere rolled on barrels, held ap by the^heels. he., and all this on a e beach, exposed)to the cool breezes off toe sea. At tonga some gentlemen toolc charge or a e bodies. andTHE NEW YORK HERATThe two democratic cominatioaa for the PreaiiSeacy sccfase our politic lans ccaaiderably. Moat of toe fede- ral cAke holders go for Breckiaridge. but from preaect apptaraBcea. to* aiamea of Use people favor Douglas. 6«v Dowaey spoke at a Douglag meeting in Sacramento hat Taesasy evening, and gave j|c his adhesion to thatparty; the Judgea of the Supreme Court aad a majority of theStateoftenanaiaoforDo«aa. Ameetingoftoe Iwmecrauc Slate Convention is oalkJ for the 30tb last., wB*a B a expected aame pbui win he broacbed h> ccn- eeatrate the vota of the party oh one of the democraticA conducts left Guadalajara a few days since for Tarn - have been sent to all the Consuls at this port by the In did everything that science could suggest to restore the pico. the merchants having arranged with both parties,raying four per cent to each. Another condocta was tohave toft there yesterday for this place, under the sameasveraJ caadidates. ha.« the folloprmg observations which assy be cocsidered nearly correct —Bat there are other rcasoaa why Iiooglas will, in California, draw greatly from the Boatinr vote of the State, and especially from that which Use seeedera' ticket would procure bad tney aosainated aaotner candidate than Breckinridge Poegw* staads amioentry dear on the tec wd in regard to tbe I'acUfc Bailroad and ail other BMaaares of importance to California wmat Breckinridge wsa sc socctssfal and persmtebt in hfe opposition to aRailroadthatto18&Gasvoteactuallykilledthe iafter it had been passed. A raaaaajderation was moved. aad the measure was loft by one vote, that one vote being cast by Breckinridge. Of coarse aoch a candidate in opposit.-oci to the progressive Doug tea, will ran with weights to his feet in this State,aad we u*ref ire give Douglas tan thousand more votes. New we will deduct from to* rjO.OOO which we have giv»a him, 10.600 which are scdpkasd to have bean ab- sorbed by the republican party!, leaving him with oaiy MOOO The increased vote wiilf not be over 10.000 this tear—«iueh will be principally absorbed by the republi- can aad the 1 oetias party—for the accession of popola- Uon from the south at present * bat meagre, say Doaglas 1.000 votes. Lincoln 4 000. aad Breckinridge 1,080. Nowpendence of Peru—Medial Eoute. dc., de.Surreys—TheChuiquitot as recapitoJau. and see what will be the probable to sett-e,settlers in Chiriqat are pot likely to be realized, and ing on except a few benches arown to aeni, till ef the rail splitter; but in this aey wen wofc'ly disap-a a t they do net find so good an opening in a e country Mr. Jos. E. Cooper, one of the gentlemanly pro pointed, aad a e y are now mooning ovet a bad bargain.result of the next eiectioc. —Total number of votes cast.... J.j.Of which Doaglaa baaBeeervee from the old regular partyFrom the Coating vote on account of haMessrs fastabrook and Holtou. fram Miner's Flat, six 119,800 miles below the Fonts, called upon us yesterday. Theas they anticipated. An intelligent gentleman, writing prietors of Uie Metropolitan Hotel, err1red. He, wta to us from David, says—The prospecttof tfce GermanThey were considerably taken a by their purchase cf the Hindoo Ulaano, but experie&ae failed to teach them its proper lesson. 'scendaaaa on th* raaroad..i From the new population—I10.000 a,000ramiUes. The majority would leave if aey had tbemeans, but, ae they have not a e wherewithal, they caught tbe body of Dr. Dmnmer as it waa sinking Aboutaad we have a tolai ofDotroct tor loss pone to the republicanparty ? -must makes virtue ef necessity, and wait for what a e this time Jordan Green, a ashermac. arrived, and he, roads, lasy and indolent mozos, picayune markets, gene-Aad wa hare a total vote lor Doaglas of Brestinridge starts out with 60M>, laasa 80,660 to Daaglsa, 10 OCOonaecoaat of bit opsosttian to the railroad, and gams 1.000 from saw popula-„TT7T..vTT:natone* I avamaav aFiaawa.io,8J0» . « »St.OOOral poverty, and the leaiousy or the native landowners and farmers Until these obstacles are removed, the fo- reignercandono'JunginChiriqui.AFFATJB IN GUATEMALA.(From tbe Panama Herald, August 4-]' We translate from a letter loot to us by a merchant ofthto city tbe follow mg Items from this republic —Thecountry is politically quiet, but great dtosattofaction isfelt at the increasag debasement ef silver money coinedat the national mat, which, according to the decree ofthe President, must be received as a legal tender It towhispered, because ao one dare aay ao openly, thai thisto ail owing to a e President owning the stiver and toadmines of Chiantta. which do not prove very profitable pose, as it tothought bote gentlemen were dead before There is also a large Bumber of counterfeit gold dollarsin circulation, and a e y o n so well executed as almost todefy detectiont Army, tola ia I of th* Oregon Dasactaaaat, arrived in that citywalDr. Dummer was a sagle nun. aad about thirty-one yean of sge.a a sagSt Sail of ranSd^T sBaJs-s?*was 10 prevent the towns' "totTtoaaay. No further The lactamvulelea the Tth July, aA a. gesgaoa•toy then 1 piaaa withto protect tbesn from * passed throughvery avrTney Ban *"*•Ctora*itortia Wwtoal, a aauve of yy*" Wars afgies, prostrated by the feeble condition of hto own health, and bis recent domeiti: afflictions. He a a y probably extend bis visit aa tor west as IIimois.Rev. D C Mitchell, of West sXoekbridge, Mass.. haa Seen deposed from a e mini, try of a e Methodtotchurch, for altoged improper conduct toward- a young girl named Webster, living in South Lee, where he preached year. It expected that legal action will be taken to Uteof a s Beware, was drowned, and Ms wife came sharing a e same fate.Taonntoi'S Paramo. Htosrrtsnw. >aeutral a politics has anaoaaeed that dartog a o present canvass it will aupport theeaima of Bell aad EverettThe Daily News, at Jaekson fMhtj.) tow reaoonced its neutrality durag the present canvan, aad will supportdeuceA. C. Jooea, arrtred havmgMldm*,portttruck Bevoe. the prisoner, on beag aformed of Heari a death,laid, "It ia well—he a happy IOW." Theman haa b»cn «tr.ptoyed as a laundryman at the Botal da France, on Second street, was aboot twenty- teven ytari er age, and a aotive of Strasburg.The lanaa to a favor.te weapon with They use It with admirable dextertiy.Oa tost Sunday morning a portion of the troopswBS"Srv80.000 30,000average yield of their claim for the past three months has been 8020 per week to five men. The claim paid as high as $36 per day to the band. They sold their interest for 8766 to each. The hat is seven and a half acres in ex- tent, ami is held under a lease from the Governor.lmmigratiou m dirts.ui is, Judgingfrom a e past, gloomy.Hitherto they have not produced enough to support theira e aid of Samuel McLean, James Wood aat James Green,got a boat from some fifty yards daunt, launched it, aaddo.OOt. 16,890bar, are paying well to sluices and rockers. The best aad matt totting diggings, from all accounts, are between the head of the Big Canon and twenty rive miles above 1yHoncity Minoragenerallyarerepresentedaadorng first rate.Flonr at l.ytton is worth 837 per bbl.: rice,88c. to 80c.; sugar. 36c. to 40c, bacon, 38c: syrup. S3 a gallon Packing from Yale to Lyttoa ia 16c to 17c.4>er lb. Muiea are selling at $200 a $200each.WBBT COAST OP MEXICO.0Ot BONOBA eBBBawBrnsSBBBBtaj. #I ass, amosu, Mextoo, July 6, I860tenously vanished from the ship's storeroom, aad al- though evidence enough has been elicited to bring the culpritstojustice,yetnothingseemstohavebeendone in the matter, and why • '• To save the ship from a bad Lame. It may truly be aaid of Jus^ee, that she is tho- roughly bltod instead of only blindfolded, in these days of iniquity, when each doings as the above are a daily occurrence oa board our national shipsBat as the iwastora of the Hmuu> doubtlessly remember the genera! order from the Navy Department, published May 1,1860, satltiraiy forbidding ua to communicate with public p r a t e , aad reserving to Itself the privilege of giving to the public such information as tt deems proper, they wlUhsrdlv be nrprtoed that the abases of our oava: tows so seldom become public, aa hat tow care to invoke the ire and displeasure or their superiors by seeing with other eyes aad writing with purer motives than suit the liallilsiwstwBg sad coBOCtoace of those who arc at the bead of this moth misconducted department Aad when was ever the Navy Department knows to give publicity to anythag concerning the internal governmentof its ship** was the murder or George Hitter, on board Ibe ateam sloop Brooklyn made public fron\head-quarterR Does asv record ef the cruelty of punishments used m the navy And its any to public journals through Use depart men1* Aad if men evils exist, when are those who suf- fer ualer them to took for a remedy, if not in public ex Berne? Echo, where*2_Agrttt nuisance, which might be removed estily, a n the exhort)ttant far natages charged for exchange on NewYork;firepercent,tothepresentrate,aadadraft at ught is not to be bad for love or money, and aa many of the officers and men b a n aaxiass at home, whose ne eeesities must be relieved, were the rates twice aa high thedraftswonIdbantobesent. Whycannotgovern- ment arrange with our new angtod paymasters iv.ee pur- sers) a stethed of toteag drafts oa the navy ogentoaad thus tocilttate matters for its emplyes: and lam sure thatifthentoaaythagtohemadebyitthepaymasters will t a n ao objectionOn the enatog of the 28th ultimo a bail was given at the Government Hooae, at Panama, by the Penman Ooo- sal, Senor Rubio, a honor of the anniversary or the tode-Sadesee of Pare. The fete was well attended by the •eigT. consuls aad by officers from the Lancaster, St. Marv s and her Brttanic Magesty s ship ClioA ssadtool survey was held on board thto ship JuryBO, invaliding three of oar crew: they leave to day in charge of The*. C. Cuddy, master'amate.An edifying and no doubt hi*b!y elaborate tirade ap- peared to the Star and Herald of August 2, sgamst the proposed "Chinqui Exploring Expedition.' in which the ignorance of oar government, to send oat an expedition of this kad, at this season of tbe year, is highly aad most flatteringly commented upon by the would-be-wise editor ot thi* sheet, but the cause of this crusade against the proposed step to so evident, the envy of competition as iinst another transit route so atointy visible, that the writer has overahot bis mark aad laid bare hto weakest pointe. The same writer, to the same article touches ibeantifnlty npon the refusal of Congress to vote the fuads for the continuance or the postalarrviceby the raaama route,bat totally forgets m to.- spleen that Congress tried to effect a better ma.i service by am overland daily route; but as a project of that sort is totally against the religion of the Panaasntoas, the author of the above mentioned publication may be pardoned for hto oversight. 1 would not have 008110001 this, but the comments aad the tone throngbout the wholebody of Mr. Wnittaker. Strange to say. neither of the bodies sank, but a e anrf warned over them repeatedly IttoaooghtMr.W.waastruckwithafitofapoplexy. B o a gentlemen w e n expert swimmers8lap of the black republicans. But a tow days ago we re" corded a e all of John Hickman, one of the gnat Doogtos leaders,aadnowweaeeaat aePiqua(Ohio}Enquirer, one of a e leading Doogtos organs in Onto, has gone over to a e black camp. More would speelily follow if it were not aat aey think aey can damage the democratic, party more by aeir awamiag aupport of the Little Gant then a e y could IT their dtogutoe was thrown off. Their treachery to tost becoming known, howaver, and a e i r power will soon cease.M t o s o c t i ELMTJO-A'.—Sufficient r e t u r n s h a v e s e e n r e ceived to render a e election of Sample Orr, a e Beii- Evorett candidate for Governor, almost osrtam. Taa fol- lowing named candidates tor a e Thirty-seveaa CsagfBto a n also aatataaad to be elected —1st dto —Fraacto P. Btoir, Jr., repab.2d da—Jesses A. Bottom, nation*; union Sd dto.—John a Ctorit, dent.4th dto —Elijah H. Norton, deai.6th dto John W. Beta, dem -,6th da —John B. Phelps, atom.Ta da -John W. N00U, demOne republican, one national union and fin deatocntsThe present delegation o n oil 1 CAUFOSSIA Dsaocaanc PA(Oatholic,) haa oomeoat a fetor of Doogtos, mgtecdemocraticjearnatointheState aatto tavor of tne MLtttto Gant.'Herald, Aabora Herald, Bwtte 1 cntaadStornCwtomantonnmorBnetttriage,Theymake seven 00 that tods as atr as heard ftom-EvrosTTLY oniiaari to DOCOLAS ABB Josoeoa.—Tha Qaatofrto) fttijaaiin rtrr""' onThursdayBightof tost week Doagtos waa hung in effigy a that ptoee, while the figure of Johnson toy at the foot of thetree. O a a e following Bight a * figures w e n caosanittad to a atocticaagait*ttheArabs. Heda ignatosmokethemout two -4*by the btozag faggots of their camp nrea, if aJother "*** aiur. Hi* v-,•»:•» was Lntaa koown only by the aeaas will avail to reduce them to subjection. Toer*•••Peah kmA&tiiKf sawder wa* enrnto'ttod tothat aktri. aad T*roe hadt uffy COOCMCM Of OB* bSSBgaSSraxBOnial4,1*60. Further Meat /rap the fceotoatoatob •Piockwnatiem afSAD ACttDEIffTS ( tEACH.waV*» 4)ARRIVAL OF THE NORTH STAR.Over a Milliom in Treasure from upon which, without saying a word, Drroe aseiusasd a The* n n M t * TM~~ ^..ulV .eon's Hot*!_ ^ jjevaeak Hahtonda. Osa Mother to toe* a situation- ThaA BtataCrua company of lancers, numberia_,o.0r -eassxtry. t.!J, breakfast over, Henri TLPrndmt Gasiato-J-aeTurn the Se^kammgfttitmAd Stdtt—TU JaWttery Jferemcai* of the Various Gene rats—Cmtempiomt Attack Vpon Bogota Ctesing of 3m*em the Forts ijstAsif J-brtSya CVsiamn Chldritoia af the daaatntosrya/ independence—Arriaal of thaJUnitad Statu PHmnte T mamter-Nanal Mtmamnii, etc, ate.No ma , has been received here tram Bsgilaatocetbedoteof mg tortadticoB. Both the Atlantic and Pacific" s o y o u h a r e l o s t y o u r p i a o a a t t h e Q^^ ^LI?** TM°ll—S "* » fr«n Mectexuma to join t from Mactexuma to join 'S B S • , ^ W W W I9tB*J9BBB«f o r'.*!?'"" jy*> a0 . o f L a a e a r s , n a a t s e r m s as i mx t y y , , h a v e j u s tIfiiilnaiaiia Maamwma Aid War to Jatog flaasne oaa ev i c t i mw a sM r . G u a t o v a a A B a u ,of the Lienor Dealers' Aataetottonbutcher kii.fe of the largest sue, which lay on the table, They present a very a atd lares; it into Herri's body, near the region of the the* eat aad thrust sal liver. Bear! placed bia hands agalaal bJa aide, and sny- Tney a n now paradingwithao,of Cm-The following are the partieuiars tsatrophe.the sg -that man has killed me," atruggtod iato an toner "•towed by his KxeeUencyroom aad toy down on the |floor, whan ha expired In Coixma and a&CDl forty minutes. Ike witness denies that HearHesoueirajBtd General Aagel Trias,to the Bomber of two or three hundred, entered the,<2we*1Srt,n«L?IPJt»— •* * Wrttoim* to the robbery Church of Sea Miguel in regular procession, neatly coBsequenlhy on regular coatauasgasaawtoaiateaaaitallUfl: CALAMT1Y A T LONG BRANCH. •TO IwltSof Weito Fargo k Co. a express aaaaaeagar. on the Oth of dressed to white pants, check shirts sad straw hats. to cat off. By private hattem. however, tram Bogota, re Tone tost in Butte county, was arrested ia thm City a few Tney an armed and equipped according to law, with cerved vto Caixhageaa to saUiag vamoto, adriom to theAuaaauarr Btoeaja, \ Ltrwi BaxvcH, Aagnst II—2 P M ,dais ago, and sent to < irovtlle far trial.The oaae of Joseph Th illiais, jiiaaBara ofcharged with making feaa ntaraa oa oath to the of the vein* of their stock, has bean aatttod. The Jury ignored the billmuskets sad rifles, cartridges, eartoaeh boxes and belts, m a v , however, the knapsack, an accoutrement which can be easily dispensed with in Into warm weather The Bar. Victor Manuel, a native of Savoy, France, one of the Catholic clergymen located s e n , chantedtheTeZfcwmwithmuchsolemnity,andgavehislepaa aaaed a proclamation snmantiag to n declarationof war agatost the revolted States, sad haa token com-mandofas seconddivtotonefthefederalarmy, lathto, it to said, he has dtorcgardad a pain prortokm Of dent which occurred here to is mcrsrag. 1 shall endeavor who w e n on a e beach ran tor a boat. Exesptteg MrThe Fnrttoad Admtmr toaraa that (ha ootmtry east af btossisg to the heroic tons of Sooora As the troops re- hundredt—engirt from L'*.2?*"S^"u*op"'wfc0 •*•««i*«««dtocroaa into the theirwhite'kerchiefsaadsilkenrebosaswithalltetogin-valley The obstructions aad labor of getting through the abie grace. It takes the seaoritos TJrea, beautiful aadrcoon totos will make it difficult and slow travail«g fasrtnstrng as they a n , to observe the sweet civilities of steamaWp Ariel, Col. Wright, commandant of the Department or Oregon polished Me, and impart a pecular unction or natsete tow it* saeroag of the 4th t with the trt-tooathly the Cascade* • now being explored by a company of tired from the massive bmkhsg the saaorftts wandthe coaatrtution, torbiddag the exeemin from taking tororwsxdltbyprrvsAeband.asnomail tosvegherebe commandortheassaytoperson.Batz and hto wife, a * party wen speedBy theirperilousposition theformer h*vwg,byforce ef the undertow, been earried tortber from tbetor treasureaad OaHfornia.The Nrrrth Mar oe tbe " l a m fee AaptowBit, with• w i wJBBSsSBStaaast^s;aBwBbataaAaasBj*for Ca!iforna the North Star:—haa detached three oompanSee of artillery to march to the rebel of Captain Smiih, la the Snake country.The State of Cuadaaaarca, or at hast portions of tt,snrepeated to hare isinttod assttoot the aaaaaal go- theBev. Br. Whittoker, pastor ef a Methodist church to shore. Kcowtog aat Mr. Bate won s powerful and axThe following la the specieBewacd*Aapi»wal!.8lo.»A7auem.cfti-a s i Co. 12,8*4wa.kcgeAC© 40,000 Raaaaobaum&Qo 30O00 BtotaCmveaiioa."Governor Peeaatwa has recently received a pamphlet copy, printed in Spanish and Eashah, a manifesto signed ny Charles P Stone, ss the ageat of Jeoker, Tern *Oo., and Colonel J. B. G. Joham, in -relation to th* Comon fort gnat of the " waste"' mineral and agricuitaral lands of this State, warning his Excellency aad all other partiesvt rnment. and the States of Bolivar aad Magdaleaa have decided tosand troops to the aid of the revolntion tots hi that 0 narter.Tnaton,N. J.,and Dr. Dustmer.of Jerasy City, went m bathmgahnost opposite the Metropolitan Botal, to coma a t a e place where aafe, 00 aoeoaat of what e , a rash of water between todies sad Dr. Whittoker toto deepDr. D., who was 1 mgetlngtocladiesatoaplaceofaaftty.but.unJiappily,pert swimmer. bat little aprniMBaion was felt for ha safety Be was soon aeon to atnk, katog hto hold from hto wife, whom he bod been vainly andesvortog to wrtog to the shore. Quickly Mr. Evane, oiacegh exhausted from his previous eflbrto tolives of aote who bad tees rescued, pitoto ae water sod swam tor Mrs. Bats. Be took hold of tbe end of a rope with his teeth, and rase.. mg Mrs. Bats, tied the rasa abeat her body, what, by the assistance of others, she wsa pulled to tbe beach. Mean time Mr. Rata was not aatato rtoe to the turmce again In tea mantes his body was washed ashore.Now came a e most exciting time of art—toe efforts u resuscitate Mr Ratz sad hto wife. Several payeietons who w e n present resorted to the usual atotam tarployed for restoring drowned peraone In the cam or Mrs. Batz the effort* proved saaeeaaful. It waa seyaad the skill of the medical attendants to resuscitate Mr. Bats.Scarcely had tbe physicians given up their tobonoo* attempts to brag hack to a * body of Mr, Bass the spark of life, when a e y were called on to return, if possible, life to a e inanimate form ef a young anon named Gar-l, oer . lust taken from the water close by. Gardiner a c : several youths oT about the same age wen to awMeCauin*Oo,»6fl.093 4 Patrick . . . 28*00"There was no election tor Congressman held, aad if there had been Skxl was not a nominee of a Daaaocraltcpany with two ladies, A sailing vessel from Buenanntcra, with dates to they entered ia hotOfihe recent ejection the jhaaaaaai (democrat) says —Patrick ft Co. 60.000 IBX rsMasr waa.Bally*Co.. 42 980 Mr. Loos "cboll,guide t3 Capt. Smithlicomiaand,ba<! not to treapeai oa or dispose of the aforesaid lands attiWQmau.. 10.900 arrived at the Dalles, bringjag the exciting news that the their peril, as they intend to stood trpon the " bond* adheres to the Confederation. having declared war against two sand hills. ItC H (trust A Co.... 8*9 Betcoer * Brother.. *.600 J, « Parker * Bat.. 7 .to* ;. sira-ae Bra. ft Co. tO.uOQ lyr-iager ft Co 23 000see*«HMtdrs* Balaam.. lUaeaaer K < • Aduns 1,000 J Heiler ft Bros 9 000 n cbfca* Co 38.290 Matattaier Btm... 90 000 Z.Eastt*n&Brot laM0 lerby tyrae * Co. 10,06©T4B0The ansrrenary of the indep^idence of Fern woa cele- by a yoaag Indian, who wsa killed the first fire. States as did that of Louis Napoleoa relative to the "Pope tog abeat two hundred yards to a e south of when a eft Brewatir 10.000 command had been attacked by a band or itoake Indians noieas voleru. A darttogatofaed legal genUemaa ofCauca.Gon. Moeqaera. nt return, has declared war aganst totothat State, and m hto proeteaatian be calls upon all the other States to aid him to protecting the constitution.Kx. Beak. 97,00011,000hemaaaM.na63.878From letters received by officers st Fort Dalles barracks we glean the following particuiara of the light aad subse- quent occurrences —Sonora, as wiry at Talleyrand and as profound as Burke, who to wall versed in diplomatic affairs, interna- tional law, the righto of States and nations, and the obli- gations imposed by the treaty making power, is prepartsg a breetorre on thto .very important question, which, when it to published, will overthrow all the mystification andwater.ft Co Fargo ft Co,13.900 188 600 10,600On Saturday, June S3. Capt Smith's party were attacked by froaa sixty to eighty mounted Snake Indians, sad 160 or 160 on foot, armed with guns, bows and arrows. TheyHe states that be has 6000 infantry under arms. 1.080 tost hto strength aad went down. The greatest ooafaaioxt cavalry, and sufltotont arms and amunition to enable prevailed along a * beach, and several mmutea abasedhim to carry oat hto parpoaat Gen. Ohtndo con-1J00 had followed Capt. Smith's party for two or three days special pleading of Caleb dishing and other leaned advn tinues in romiTttsil of the revolutionary trjfces in baton a boat was launched aad OS* of a e bodies taken preriosatT, and made the attack just sa be wag going into catot of the house of Jeeker, Torn &Co., their aids and Caeca, while General Mosqaera remains at the head cut. Ia u>e meantime a young Canadian gaattoataa, Mr. ireoe^aa camp. They came op boldly and ittempted to drive off adjuncts. This r*nir*let,doubtlen,wi!! create sa great a of the execntivo department. Be has ordered a e Ardagh, stopping st the Anegbaay House, who was baa-the animals, bat failrsg m this, commenced the fight, tod sensation among the millionaires of Europe and the United seizure of all a e quaa bark in a e countrybrated at Piaama en a e m h af a saagaificent ball given Captain Smith's company engaged the Indiana very at!: the Congress of Europe, ' It shall w my purpose to belonging to native merchant, which means, I suppose, Bccideat occurred, ran np and plunged to for a eby the Pen: aa Consul at the •ewoawMBjjt Hooae, which with a severe loss of life to the Indiana, and the capture was atteadad by almost ai! tfce principeJ eUiseaaand of aix animate and saddles, tftree guns aad numerousMretgaars m town, iBciadiag the ofceers of the Lancaster. M- Barye, and O:o. .Jbere ia cott sr aew froaa Boliria tie mterdictioc mother articles. Tney left oa the field one Indian aad horse; a chief apparently, for he fired the first shot, and was the most active aad bold in the affair. One of the captured animals was recognized as stolen from Majorby a liosperatn effort, he got ao close a a t a e bjsandas serere aa t\ *r aaaay troops are goiag froaa 1una to ReyucWs batterj toft summer Several or the Indianserafirasjgnrlboth out. Mr. Ardagh'a courage is beyondwarmly, and obliged them to retreat to the mountains,send you an early copy aa soon as it is issued from the' press.0"CB COLIiLi COKBlSPOSDEyCI.Couxu, July 30,1860.Sveettt ef the Liberal Pasty—Tke-Ckitf of the Liberate Making More Extensttm Preparation* for War—Business Generally Dull—The Weather, afc.that which aelgBga so bis political enemies. It is supposedthat it to amtotntton to ship it to Gallao, sell tt aad in- rescue or toe ether geutaeman. With much difficulty vest a e proceeds ia the rrarchaae of a vessel or war—he he succeeded in reaching ham, and, seizing him by hartog deapashad, tt to aaW.an ageat to that port for the the collar of the shirt, be endeavored to drag him to the purpose of procurag a suitable veaael to protect the coast ahcre. His strenga, however, w a rapidly failing, but, of Cauca. Meantime, Mosqaen was prepartog to marchagainst >mtoqBto,Srhenaoasetstoeraltroonarertsiir*adand an engagemeat haa probably taken pace by thtotime. ShoaldMoBsnira aadOeaado be victorious, theyw Ui doubtless at once march against Bogota but, shouldthey be defeated, to* revolution may be considered at anwere seen to fall, aad they kept up a terrible mourning all the afternoon, indicating that they suffered severely Not a man or animal or Captain Smiths company received a scratch in the fight, which totted only three quarters or aa hour. This all occurred about eighteen miles frost Owyhee river.Captain Smith to BOW in the vicinity of Harney Lake, awaiting the arrival of Major Steen's party, who are on their way to join htm, what probably they will move to- gether to pursuit of the Indians, and m farther prosecu- tion or their explorations.$ Gold, in considerable quantities, bad bean found oa the tnbutariea of the Des Chutes.IWJK nCBOBIA, V. I.a Majesty 'a steam frigate Termagant, and the gun boatsGrapples and Forward, arrived July lo at Wsquimalt from Chili. The Termagant is a heavily armed steamer, carry- mg twenty-five guns. Then a n now seven ships lying at raqaiamlt, viz the wanges, Tapase, Termagant, Alert. Plumper. Grappier aad Forward. The Satellite toft an the 10th for Cowttcban and Sail Spring Island, to protect the stttlers from any depredatams that might occur from the IndiansCapt.- Goasett having resigned bis office as -i'ostmaster (jeneral'' for \ ancouver's Island and British Columbia, Mr. D-'Ewes is appointed as head of th i department for the former colony. and Capt. Spalding for the latter. A public meeting was held m Victoria July 10, for the pur- ptee 0 adepticg some means for bettering the condition of the Indians of British Columbia. Baaorcitoaa were passed declaring the Indiana capable of civilization, and taat their presence eotaiied a heavy responsibility upon the Chatian public, whose dutv it was to impart to thesssaitaataa. Maantiase the preai baa taken aides—the lected for tbereiief of the Udlans.great majority going for Dougba. The Mantimg CdC, in Saji s the \ ictoria G s a r l t w V e hare at last correct ae- i aad Abut** of Xaval Lavx—Exorbitant Rates of Perc nt- an article djacnaaiag the prrsSjrrtt IB this State of the counts of the Indian murders that have been floating ' see oa Nee Tork Exchange**- (Mtoratwn of the Indepraise. White hundreds [stood oa a e beach watch tagthe Bsata. Oe—ia! Florea ia afTaaemg with 8,880 men* he !a near Badego, where IVraub'a haadqaartera are, aad a ec/aion was expected.Ad•»»:« from BoeaaTeatsra state that Genertawell soppbed with men and money. It ia said beseat so ageat to itrn to pairhaae a small reaasi ofasm that he has aeuad a haraj belongiag to the nativeasercba&ts, aad jatcada chartermg a vessel to take H toforLsma data* of Jsly 14 gtiTve he news of importance. O v F r a n c iisoceo C a r r e a p oB d e a c c .The liberals still continue to hold possession of ail the ports on the Pacific.a e BBfwtuaate man auugglmg heiptossly, h a a l a e vonstopped while in transit. The British steam frigat* Cii lavages the Gosfri ef Cbrtot. The sum of 8322 was col- termination of Our Coasting Ci-uAm—Cbwrt Martiais—DSM sailed hence cm the 30th ult. for Buenaventura, with theround for the past week, sad it appears now that four- jteen lives have been sacrificed m avenging sad revengingthe eeafh of the Fort Rupert chief, killed by the subjectsof Prince Freesy. acme ton days ago. The Fort Rupert j far cruise along the coast of Central America and Mexi- Ii.dians -a bo left on the Saturday after the killing of their • co was terminated on Jnly 27, exactly three months having chief, finding the authorities here were not able to helpttemt<>geteven,ontheirwayupcaughtsomeOowitcban beenspentinvisitingports,inmanyofwhichnoAmeri- Indians out clam fiahisg, and, according to our informant. :| can Commodore had shown bis dag since the Mexicankilled two Indians in one canoe and three in another. A war. That this fact has been publicly and gratefully ac- few days after the Cowitchan tribe sorprtoed some Kitah Iaiaht indian*. and killed eight men and carried two | knowledged by our resident citisena of-Mexico, the read-The anniversary af the independence of Pern was cele- of several years. brated m thto place on the 28th ult . by a bell given bythe Peruvian Consul at a e government mansion It wasquite a brilliant aflair.[Lost, BSASCB, August 11—8 I'. Mwomen oft into slavery. One of these women is ceiebrated among the Indians as the daughter of a great canntbalcotter,andranksveryb.gh iatheirestimation,a large'|«.-/-*•,-. will be offered for fier, about one hundred '0 ankets is said to be her ransom Jf she has not been mar- {Jere.i. Fourteen lives for one, and three not at all in - j Nobody will gainsay that this course was a judicious u rested perseusII7, is good measure, bet we do not ex- jtiuaymas, soda*vasal flays at La Pan, Marstlatiand Aca- Whittoker, a retired merchant or Trenton, and Dr. E puico, m s'tag and teturuing. At Guaymas the inhabi O. Dqmaer, of Jersey City! were drownedtants weretomewhot alarmed lest tney would be attackedbytheYa#nicdisss Inconsequenceorthusstateof Theparticularsof1hesaaaffairareasfellows.—August Belmont, leaving which be went ato tne hovel business on ha own account. Knterprtotog sad shrewd inbusiness,bepossessedloosesocialtraitsthatwonhtmpact the matter will rest hereFHos r»»s*R sivsaThe steamer W; son G. Hunt srnved at Victoria from ••'raser ri-.er .Jolj 6 The fkbmut says that she bringstate an 1 important news. Great discoveries of rteh dig has been delayed so long the more so. since the principalpert troffl either Central America or the South*,Pacifie current at the time, a e y wore suddenly drifted intoging - have been mad* in the Okaaairan and yuesneile couttritf. which cutiirm ocropuiiun as expreaaed early last sprrrgAbout 846 0O0 in gold dust came down on the Hunt, of which Jvfirav s Kapresi had 87.080, Riiloo's 815.000, and ID private Stands till COO- several miners came down on the Hail, bound for their homes in the last. They have succeeded in making piles during their stay in Brit ah Columbia, and a- going homepart of our commerce, which, in former years, was with the South American States, has of late years, through the proximity of California an i oregon, been transferred to the'repnbiica of Mexico and Central America, thus making it doubly necessary that our national vessels should visit the ports of these northern States of the PacificIt seems as though in this squadron they would never rjnng general courts martial to a liaai close, for scarcely had we arrived hen before a court convened on board the United States ship St. Marys, to try several of- fenders against nava law* and etiquette while thefts,swindling operation* and other crimes too inhuman tosince tbe sailing ef the tost steamer from Aspinwall for New York Tb« faciftc Bailroad Company's steamer Guatemala, from Central American ports, is doe here to- dav. but the steamer for New York wili prebably have Bailed before she arrivesTBE GERMAN SETTLEMENT IN CHTBJQU. [From tbe Panama Herald, August 4.1We regret to learn aat a e expectat ions of the Germandeep water The ladies tmmedately gave the alarm, an-;cried for help. !Mr. Wbittakjer and Dr. Dummer, who wereabout going to tne bathing bouses to drees, nobly jumpeda to assist them, and thus sacrificed their own lives.The todies were safely rescued, bat a e two unfortunategentlemen got no aid from a e several gentlemen look-They will lake ep theline of commandnext Monday,under thehas been reduced to molten toad, aad converted toto bol-toto. Among thto old type, manufactured, ic Spain, tag-toadaadtheUsited States wen acme Jewah hterogiyphws, some aaarotogtoal signs, aatroaosoer's abbrevutioaa, aad Spanaa and French accents Carious use, younay tbiak perhaps, to apply the element of mind aadmatter. by the action of the thumb and fonftager aad thesinewy teadrtto of the arms aad baada, tla iiibtrumenisof coonytog toasssgesaa and mformation to all portioBsaf the Bute—to the swift v a r a ! messengers of death ttii torial to so en v looa aad mal ic ic us, to say aothiag of itsMr Keitt has kept ha powder dry•, though he seem* Mr. GusUvus A Ratz aad Mr Ed. Gardiner were to nav» parted with ha discretion. Are the people <A drowaed^whUe baaing a the anrf. Mr. Ratz, beag a Virgina prepared to •precipitate a* /Yancey Keitt >Just tbak of it—a compound of lead, antimony and ztnc (n*ttato which th s state contains in their crude coaditioti in large fjUBBtities), applied, not to battering down the instittitwas of superstition ami rassaraaes, bat f> artnib, • totiag the parr Yaquis. that iadwatrlo*< tribe of Indians, of de«iminril eaergy and atahboru will, who are re- solved en resistiEC the es«naestoteats of the Mextoaus or the wbjtte race on their pfaatioc and huntmg grounds. Ttieae balls maTM be sureharco<i with electricity, aad aeoold seel: be the ease, tiod help « » poor Yaqna if they shooed*prwetrstetheliskuto*—:twoaidbedecidediytow! want of points, that it wsa stoat freely condemned bv many American residents of Panama and officers 01 the American ososa now to port.Apropos. AfiaeapealmeBorNavy Yard work hasipn- sestei itself to us in the shape oi the copper of thtoehip s boitoa.whtoh beitg Haanactured at Waahagton aad guaranteed to tost fremfour to six yean, a sux^aawxy, witbout any oBseeaasary atrain or friction, in a state of total decay, aad it will be iwccBesryto dock thto new shit. team lv eighteen months from the stocks, to save herUIIUBIfrombeingutterlyruined.Alairsampleof this was tt-ba durable article has been forwarded for sx-die" when a e gome to a n to be 1Mr. BaxrsrxBiDoa'a Orrmu; Lamm or A a a n A x e n —BOn. j<^Erwa.ProttoeBterts*Rtotos^Caaveation, haa received the roUowag letter from Boa. J. C. Brneka- ndge, accepting a e aomaotton of a n t Caaventiae —LsxxawBns, July 80, i860.In answer to your totter of a e BBfe ult., a a l a a a g offl- cial ;t-i rnation cf my nomaatam for the Praaldaaty of the i 1.ted Sates by a e Democratic Coarestion aaaem- bled at Kxhmcnd. I have to say that I accept the aomi- aaiieii. aad atottl ttrive to merit a o coafldeaot totptied bvtbeacti--cofaeCoonBtioc. 1trustthatafullda- cussion •' exatitg issues will result a etoabltobag the DEAXEB8' fiOCIaTY OKE OF TBE TTCTIMa—Bia mW coast nut .on and I'otoB of the States dpon auturahtoworse than scalpifit;.The engineer of artillery i* Cotonei Ftoary, a Fraceri. ammaiam w the Bureau of Oaaatructtofl, and althoughADblTIONALPABT1CTJLARS.TWO M»S DBOWNBD—THE PECtBOrAST or THE UQCOBAtoiers, who isiemis to adept Pwtouer's {'tha Itoke of Matokofilthe harm m. our caae to done, » to yet to be hoped thatthto will tend to prevent the frennent recurrence of halffurtithingourgovernment ships, thuscausing nnneoes-tary de'ay aad expense. Or to this another lis* in therhaio of frauds lately come to light at the* Philadelphia ran into the streets, aongb ao damage was assa._ l a gf. utuat. ,es. JOHN C BBEaraNBJJjGi..Gor. H. V Jcaxsaxo* ai Bnar.—Hon.B.V.John- son. camUiate fur a* Vae Pvsaaitnry on theDoagas ticket, arrived at Aognstt. Go., an a e T U toSL He'to apeak at Warrtstoa ao a e 9a.nmi), SataguasKd «» toe cobitoto of•«wi * .( K-a-i. Fraecrtt rebesj waa arrested charged wil- b#! .be* wert very siscrtiy a the *• datiTected die- Navy Yard, where Into sample ship (T) was bull! and under toe impression that the tiiock was heavier farther:: fitted wit 8riet.' nadB«aau»e. It wM bf a hard fougnt bsufe, ?n |gnats. Thewa>;MSjremedto onBtoframttw sonAhweii. Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069weregao:cet,wc ore cajjej) an to publish intodaystime. A mm wheiwtetasti'Uiv aiaar saysera of the HSBALD have already learned from your corre-spondent in Maat Ian, whose letter of May 26. together1mention paaa by unpunished. Speaking of thefts—oneKnaiey's SDO Paul's fiats, a few miles above Boston was committed on board bare lately, $240 having mys future will bring. The cause s of this failure are badMOIK Wvoraus.—The mated fruit on the Douglas regardless of hto own life, jumped in and brought out the tree, with every gust of wind, drop, one by one, ato thefor est Indian War—The Indians to as SmokedThere were four or five doctors on the spot, and every- thiof possitte toas done to restore life, but all to 00 pur-P'tfamtmnOut *f (ftei/ Jaafsaari I>ttk Arrieais of Meentrn m aUmammJaamaXetmmmVmm The'Ctmwrnfart Grant," dc.Thto city dartog toe past weak has been the theatre of all the ••pomp and circumstance of glorious war'" The troops ef the State, designed far the Yagni rtnr, to sob- do* the latiaatoiy Indians of thai region, hare been 00I- toetiag b a n to large nambors. Axtopi, Vssamttohi, San Migni.Opeaart, Matapi, Magdaleaa, the Bayon Hermo-otaer datrxts of the Btote, b a n asat their aatil the satire rone has been augmented to aboot 1OOO soldiers, to be increased to toe number of 1,200 or 1J60 by the toaxttoa of the battaltoa oftoken from the waterThe guests of the Metropolitan have started a subecr-.rAismes.marchorCotoae! Don Jesus 6areto Morales—a distinguished par t a t n officer, who haa never yet lost a battle, cither agaaattheIndiana,theGaadaristasorthechurchparty. He is called the "Uxard of the Army ' Morning, noon and night the be!!--are ringing, druas are beating, ban nertByag, aad a aaodsfstatictodelightingthepopu- toee with aaiiiury sirs. A Frenchmaa to the director of toe |hand, aad hence we have "Bonaparte Crassag the Alps'and the ••Marseilles Hymn ' repeated every day. 7he cannon to 'oe used on this occasion, three beautifulaeld pieees, were mannfactared at Donahue s foundry, m San Fraactoco and an rsstarkabie tor their neatne of nawb aad durability The msaketa and rifles are of Eu- ropean manufacture The powder, an excel- leat article, to maaaactured in Sonora (and ssatansSj of powder reminds sse to aay, that no place to the world to batter calculated tor the ataaatocture of ganpowder.as than to aay •iuanttty of saltpetre and brtosstsae to be obtatoad h e n with bat slight tronbie.) Some 2.060 or S.060 pounds ef old type metal, used in thegovernment prating office for the tost fifty or sixty years,and the turf came break tag apoa the teach with a vigor and tumultuous foam. appreciated by the toearsof asahalhlasj A atroog current and awlft voder- tow prevaitod at 9ao tmte. Very aae> after eeterag the •27thJunahanbee*received. OasheBoth,President DreadftlDeathsb^Drowning—T100LadiesRescuedfrom water,Shesariaatsweptthepartyofbathersbelowthethe 20th Jnly, arrived here on the 30th. The aeas from ea&4 Canon to important. The State of Antioqaia, which stilldoubtless protest and claim damages for having themDeath—Heroic Conduct ef a Oraadtoa aatato to Hotel point where they entered into deep water. Baaethle ottheir danger, they called for Maatoace. It waa aa ex EntuosedIforwardyouanaccountofashockingaces- citingtime Themanstrovetosavetbetodtos.Severala little farther ap a eparty for toe Presidency and declares that he has no available mean was used to iiiaosi itoln him, ant ass;tured into toe botltog serf at a * imminent rtok of htoMiramon'a troops remain in possession of Guadalajara. end. Mosquera has aedaed the nomination of the liberal life. For wveral minutes after he was rescued Mr. At carried by the same undertow beyond hto depth EveryThey are said to number upwards or four thousand, and all regulars, well armed and disciplined.Ogaxon, the chief of the liberals to thto aection, is con-centrating a large force a few leagues from Guadalajara,aspirations for that office, &c. The Granadton schooner dagh lay almost insensible on a e beach, but we are hap w e n of no avail. ,arrangement, for shipment at ManzanilloThe rainy season has fully set in. Almost all kinds ofbusiness, except agriculture, are at a stand still, and will be for the next three or four months.NEW GRANADA.OUR PANAMA COaBBBPONDBNCE.L'MxSS Sr^rss STaaaaa LAtteASTSB. t PAXAtu. August 3,1860 fmere paper blockade, the federal authorities will proba-'bly not be able to enforce it. Large quantities of Ameri- i.oog Branch that where a place is supposed to be dan zer body was taken to the Philadelphia Hotel to a ecan aaerchaadise tor Buenaventura are detained here ous, notices should be posted tin to that effect. Farther Bowery, of which he was a e proprietorial the time oiof war Clio, fitted out by the Iatondente General of this State, bad arrived at the port of Pernaco and token the place. She remained off the port same twenty -fourpy to lean that be haa now esttretv recovered from a eeffects of hto heroic conduct. In a e meantime the two Intense excitease&t followed the news of a e drowning unfortunate geatlemen were carried into one of the sum People rushed from the aeigbbormg hotels to gaaeamounting, according to various reports, to from eight totwelve thousand. It ia thought by some that he will noors, and thus gasa t a a t o the revolutionary authorities tner houses on a e bank I and for several minutes they on the victims of a e catastrophe. Very soon theto leave the place. They all left exiept the collector of were expeeed to a e barbarous treatment to which Coroner , Mr. Joseph E. Moaat, toas on t h e immediately attack the city; others my that he will customs, who was seized and sent a p.-tooner to this place, drowned persons w e n liable in a e dark ages. Tney ground. and proceeded to bold aa inquest. Sufflaent evi-besiege it; and others again say that he will do neither where he now is in close confinement.dence being taken to prove a e accidental character oi tbe drowning to each esse, a e usual verdicts w i n ren- dered, and the remains delivered over to aeir friends.The body of Mr. Ratz was brought to tbe city tosttrndente The object of the decree ts to prevent the vital spark, but. we regret to my, without success. In evening by tbe steamboat long Branch. Bis wife had notMosquera party from collecting duties; but, as it to a conclusion, we beg to suggest to a e hotel proprietors of sufficiently recovered to axompany the remains H am consequence of this decree, and the refusalof the authorities of the port to grant clearances to ves-sels wishing to sail tor any of the ports in Cauca. L'nlessthe federal authorities besiege or blockade toe port ofBuenaventura, so as to prevent the ingress aad egress of who hare been! immersed m water should be posted np child, a boy four years old. As is well known, be neutral vessels, the owners of the goods detained willin conspicuous blaces in every hotel, in order to prevent tbe repetition of such barbarous treatment as was prac-intendente General of the Sate and family on board. She tised on those gentlemen. This is the only accident of is to return in a few days. r a e ktod that baa occurred at Long Branch in the coaisehat for some time been Secretary pf the Liquor Dealers' Ass--cation, cf which be was an active, vigi- lant and enthusiastic member lie also belonged to the Seventh regiment. and waa a member ef the order ofFree Masons. Per several y e a n be has conducted tnePhiladelphia Hotel, aad to said to have accumulated ahandsome property. Being very toad of gymnastic exmore, ropes well baoyed and anchored^ahould be attached ha death aad where hto family reside. Arrange-ments for tbe funeral will be made today Mr Ratz Humane Society with, respect to the treatment of those, was only 27 years old. He leaves a! wife and oneto each bathirg place, and the directions of the Londonerctoes, be recently established a e gymnasium at the The United States steam frigate Lancaster, Capt. John Tkt Sxd Calami';,' at L009 Branch—Ike Drowning of corner of Eighth avenue and Twenti -third street, whichRudd commanding, bearing the Mag of Flag Officer Messrs. Whiaaicer and Dimmer—Efforts to Save Them,J B Montgomery, arrivd at thto port from is still in successful operation. Be to a native of GorGnaymaa on the 27th ult. The Iancnster, dur- dc, die. many,butcametoatocountrywhenamere lad. Foring toe cruise front which she has just return- A most melancholy accident occurred at this pace, at some years he was the protmje <r Comraodore Perry, anded, touched in at all the Central American aad half past eleven o"cloak this morning, by which Mr. John subsequently became a clerk in the bonking house of intermediate Mexican ports. She was twenty-two days atwith mine of the 31st. was publtohed a the HUIAUI of* reeling Flag Officer Montgomery delayed tne departure of It appears aat two young men, the sons of Mr. Z* a host of friends, and made baa popular with bis asso-20th Jose.toe i act-aster from Guaymas beyond the allotted time Everything was quit* when toe Lancaster sailed.Tbe United Statesstoop of war Ceyane left MaratIan on the 11th of July; fot 1* Paz, with the Governor of Ixiwer Cali'ortiia on board. The United States sloop 8t. Marys is still in port, but will probably be ordered soon tobriskie, the latoyer, of Jersey City, and a young tody daughter ef hto, and a Mas Paiker, of Newark, went bathing in tbe sand fiat in front or the Metropolitan Hotel The party, from carelessness or otherwise, walked orciate.The younr man Gardiner was eighteen years old,and lived in Buffalo. He was on- a visit t- New York, and at the time be met bis death was on a holiday visit to a e New Jersey Highlands., ? P o l i t i c a l I n t e l l i g e n c e .Tax KNOW XOTHUKI Prwausssi—Major Geaeral Au gustus Adolpb.ua Cicero Scroggs. late Grand Sachem and prmie mover ia a e independent order or Know Nothings of the State of New York, has been bought up. body and boots, by the back republicans. The Lmcolnitee paid a high price for a e General, under the idea that he would bring with him a host of dark an termtee to a e supportone, and highly creditable to Flag Officer Montgomery,proving to our cittsens that their interests are lookedafter and cared for, and we can only be surprise,! tint t RcaJejo, Nicaragua. There has been no arrivals at this drifted off a e baaing ground. There being a strong undermatter by toe friends or tbe suffering girl. a pretty wife and several children.MitchhasTbe Virginia fndea apsahtog of the revolutiooary doc trusts of Messrs. Keitt aad Yancey, says —Boa. John P.. Alley mailed for Europe in the Canada on Wednesday, on bustoes- connected with a e shoe and leather traue.Mayor Mayo, of Utobsaontt, Vs., to tenoosly indisposedGeneral Shields, am aee by ocr Texas exchanges, has arrived at El Pa-o on hi route from San Antonio to Call forna. Hto health to improving.Tax EABTfiQCAKE o» Ixiu-N > —A correspondent of the Cincinnati Gazette, snder date of Evansvilie, August 8, says;—We were 1 totted this morning, at twenty two minutes peat nine A. 51., by an earthquake, which" con- tinued aboot ai teen seconds, though there wore wide dif- ferences as regards tt* duration of the shock. It was ac- companied by a sound similar to a a t made by a heavy lades train of c a n running Slowly through a depot Poors aad windows rattled, aad bsildags jarred aa if agitated by the movtog of heavy goods on the same BOOT. In one hardware store on Mam street the shock was so severe aa to throw ever a targe circular taw standing again*, toe wall at aa angle of twenty ure degrees The shockwasstillmoreaevtreinthecoalmines,aboutone mile west of the cits, 00 the hanks or tbe Ohio river. The employee my it continued fully tive aaatea. Theworkmen were very much frightened, store to than hurt, there not beag a lamp of coal or earth d " * TM * * t ^ A j Henderson,Ky.,tbeshockwasevenmoresevere,though not of so hag durattoe. The people left their houses andHerewitn piaaae fiad^^otioe of a eadeaaoalty that occurred-at the Hightoads. at aton. to <toy —Mr. Wnittaker leaves a wile aad seven children, wa seventy years of sge, asd from his appearance and acti - vdty would not be taken to be more than fortyibe cochineai crop this year a small.owing to a e r a a s and storms of bail, bat tbe quality to remarkably good; a e present price to $106 per aeroon. which to considered rery tow.l a t e m a r s auie.Genera. Henningeeu, of Nicaragua notoriety, arrived in att city yesterday, in tbe steamship Montgomery,from Savannah.Among the arrivals by a e Adriatic yesterday wasBon. William b. Campbell, United States Consul to Rot- terdam Hisdaughteraccompanieshim.General Harney. Major Reynolds. Surgeon Barnes, aad Captain Pleasanton, I 8. A., Geaeral W. A. Strong;J of ofMan.wereamongthearrivalsattheStNicholasHotel.Tbe Boston Bee. of Saturday, says —itonato.- Seward, Thunow Weed, R. M. Btotohtord, General Webb, M. B. Gnnnell, and oUaer distinguished politicians or the re Sublicanfaith,an paying avtottofatowdaystoWa,I. B>rarto,Bsq.,ofBtow York, at hto country residence in Windsor, Vt It »- understood aat Mr. Seward will retire from a e Senate at a e ciose or tne present term, on the 4th of March next. Senator Seward and Mr Btotohtord pasted through thto city yesterday afternoon. atopptog a few hours tt the Revere House.Governor Hscks* af Maryland, toft Annapolis on a e 0thtost., on a tanning tour, in recuperation of his ener- ing, uusuvaa Bote, ae atoll known reetauract keeper era Herald, publahed at Falton (Mam),, sad hithertcatton to reward Jordan Green for hto noble conduct, and f 100 has bean rnstod tor that purpose.Dr. Dummer arrived hen tost evening and intended to remain until Monday next.Mr Wnittaker has been a coaataat visiter of this pace tor a number of years past.THE LONG B*4»GB ACCXBBNT.The body of Edward O. Dommer, who waa drowned while baaing at Long Branch on Saturday, raowsd tnrougttha city yesterday en route to Jeraey City Cbreair Jack nanheldaainquestuponae bodyandnpphedUte friends of deaeaaed with the neosaaary permit, which enabledthemtorestoretoe;remainsbeyondtoecity tlmito. j ;THE DISASTER AT THE HIGHLABJJ6. 0l"K LOKG BftAMCE TOMBBTONDBNCK.Lose BBASCH. August 19-4 P. M MeUmhAn OntuaMy at the Highlands—Drowning of Gar-toewt Matt—Na < row Escape af ante Wife. Another bathing accident happened to front of Toomp-son's, at the Highland;-, at hair-past too o'clock ai* morn- 9on OVEB to a s BOLL Evsaarr PABTT— TbeSC.VBAI. August 12. I860.Two Men Dnamed Wktiet Oa Beset, dc.the Bell and EverettBtrrottniT OrvontD 10 YABtsr s PLAOSsafe DssjotcTKri —veotared too tor oat with bis wife exhausted, and before aaeatance ouid be randered was drowned. Through the exertions of Prs P^aa will not fraternize with per te and ftrwerdB, Mrs. SAUwaajtaaascitotad. The two gen stake a* atagrrty oTthe Unionbet a abort time, w e n Uemeo. aianaBhuiae water bet a abort time were beyoad the power or human to bring back to tito.Mr. Bats wee a very i teroas swimmer, and it tothought auat have bees a m accaeot Oat has from bathing >Subnet* .BClTrBa—CwSOKBS.'8 rNtjpEST. BTC,ii.Sunday'sHxBAiX)werecordedthe drowntag of two men at long Bracer. Another drowning casualty at oae of ocr out of town watering placet, m which two livesat Thompson's Atlantic rWilton, aad Mr. Gardiner was stopping atMr. Rat;-- with hto familywith cramps. Thto to the occurred at a e Highlan iaFRIOE TWO CJLVTr.disaoiulioo move- A n a e y to a e aaastsat of '•aoOerteoondaooght''praaaradto"playatsaea 'eothedast.ay of the Union1 We sill not co-operate wia Mr KeittWe will not play "bottle bolder tor Mr.\ Yancey WeWo ill not the hazard ef a eEvatP www.fultonhistory.com\ 