 * . ifii• • it:: |ff. |: II! I•:}WASHiNOifos, Feb. 29, I860. 5keaadifi>ceae*embkd to hear Gov* Seward's speech to-«3ay, filkd every available spot in the Senate gaflene*, .and overfiowed into a-1 the ad-iat'MercfcasktB' BNwk..-— :i•Listening to-day to his defence of the free prin- Dred Scott proounciamiento, have never been com- ciples which have accompanied the Anglo-Saxoneverywhere, you are found in close alliance with that forty-eight animals. These Barbs—two stallions and••Hi .lace in its march round the world, was the repre- sentative of that monarchy whose greatest jurist, searly a century ago, proclaimed in a solemn deci-sion^.that the law of Mature and of Nations wagedCAUSESa marc—will be here by the next ship from Beyroat. One of the stallions is said to be deetined to a farm in Columbia County.*i•»»n»n I-mum ..iiwi'i)*"*'M^twv v , , ; ; , ^ - , ; ^ ^'•'•'.- •••'-;-"--r-Spurgeon is in danger of aa auto da fe.rati* they have becDme the1 creed and Tallying cry scope, but they will make him submit to their dis- crease m ihe number of ^millionaires^ and on the other, mestic and foreign;'commerce, you should now ventre " A gentleman of tb«s city r&questg us toinvite; anii|National Government. It was the speech of a wheel. They have none of that wisdom of the ser- philosophicandphilanthropicstatesman,whohas pentthatleadsshrewdNorthernpoliticianstocon- beenv fox many years, more misrepresented and clude that those leaders' will not face the risk of a maligned than almost any other in American his- Preset ntSal defeat in preference to yielding a point tory; and who, owing to recent occurrences, hasT»T1EESTB«!FROM^WASHraGTOJT.anceToY a man wh<Hjelharpry-definea opinione u?on;That, after aiding,' during so long a period, in the•sit• / ••*.I^OV. sfeWARD'S SPEECH,that theme; pronounced twenty years ago, then, their own. way, and will yield nothing to a rebel. the•donieetic c o m m e ^bor; and, that, as a necessary consequence, each suchThe,•; —.—&:Swfie Wltkin and Without th« Seoate,i»»HI illIbroughteuit,under"Aaacttoprovideevils resu ling from the ?ale of i«toxrcatm#^the Stite of Ohio," and the Jury rendered a M veSfeciu•-— -•oft;*># . ^ . . ; ^; ; /-• :*ease appears now, to rise your own words, "likethe " system:of indirect taxation, ever since the late warCanadianthistle,tohaveeettledonoursoil,andto "wi<hCrreatBritain"?have germinaied with such vigor, as to defy all half That the recee*ity for resorting to such roipstate- RCrjptiou is also on foot~t-> bzy of oar iooksellere aU njeaenres to eradicate it * Further, you have. been ments does not furnish' you with proof conclusive of copies of eaid sermons sow in their »t5r«2,\toba asked to look to the faots, that tho rcverso of all this the exceeding weakness of the cause in support of burnf d on the same oczz&ten. Does anybody giy has been experienced in every period of the protec- which yon are engagec?'tive eyfitem—-domeptic commerce having then grownrapidly, with constant increase in the derojind for la-•>•-remarkable—period has been marked, on one side, by a great in- establishment of Pro-SIft'very domioation over our do- Montgomery fAht.) MailMj*:22X•••••: •'••••' • :&ISAY, MARX3Hm mmHate&e?of doctrine. Now that is exactly what those leaders been charged with complicity in murder, arson, will do. They will face the most imminent pros- jaeeot lobbies aad ^pagaages, crowding theoa with treason, lawless invasion, and servile insurrection, pect of defeat in preference to surrendering the liwm>|pn eager to follow the argument of the Senator, 'until he might exclaim, as did .Daniel O'Connell in point which they are now contesting against Doug-r.X9r»«ti«n«l Be«»'*«**JL'" « Bk. BfU>o€Vf' York.transpiring below.- of it. However, it may not be unprofitable to re-Xt was on the floor itself that the most interest- mark, that it took the common public by surprise, by Southern Democratic leaders on the SlaveryWalk abroad undtsr the gr?at canopy of heaven, and: Uel ihat within yoursel**s is all thai the Almighty voucbB«J*8 to any of hia chjldren. You have'itfe; en- ergy, youth, a^dall you want is determination, Yigor, and indomitable poi severance."—A correspondent of The Petersburg Express writes from Emory and Henry, College,-that on.'Joe morning oi-the 23d inst. Mr. James W. Reese of James- town, Ga., died from the effects of a blow on the head with a stick, given him the d»y before byafeSow- stndent, J. B. Browm'ow, eon of Wm. Gr. Brcwnlow of Khoxville, Tenn.—It is stated by a London paper that a marriage ie on the to pis between the daughter of Mr. C. Dkkena (Mies Ka'e Dickens) and Mr. Ch&tl^i Collins, tbe brother of Mr. Wilkie Collins.—Some time since, Niceolas Longworth of Cmehmsti shipped to the care of the Amerioan Minister in Lon- don, Mr. Dallas, ten boxes of sparkling Catawba, ande., those not intimately acquainted with its seemed to be in hia seat. Hunter, Davis, Toombs author. In view of the recent assaults upan him, Mason, Hammond, Slidell, Clingman, Benjamin superficial observers supposed it would largely con- sist of a detai", of his personal grievances, and arefutation of the charges against him, after theing health. He has retained Messrs. Sedgwick, An-JM., spectacle was presented. Every Senator i.question.^These Senatorial resolutions show it.and Brown, paid the closest attention to theance with-our own, tbe whole proving that the tenden-8. L. M. Barlow, prominent members of the notorious«C0 <?o 10S Und^nbv . Ri ,-er ER.speaker. Crittenden listened to every word. Dougcy toward harmony, peace, and freedom, exists in the Fifth-avenue Hotel Democratic Committee. Fifty direct ratio,of the diversity in the demand for human thousand dollars are the damages claimed in each case.force, and conseqaent power of combination among the There are 28 other members of this Committee. men of whom eociety is composed. Therefore is it, We have not learned when they are to be sued, nor)a* affected to b* »«H-pow^8«^d; but his nervous- manner of every-day politicians. But, one who isness of mien gave token that the truths now ut- no ephemeral politician, but a statesman who acts tered awakened unpleasant memories of the Le- for the good of his cotemporaiies, and leaves hisexxmptou contest, when he, Seward, and Critten- reputation to the care of posterity, was sure to dfen, the famous Triumvirate, led the allies in their avoid, on an occasion like this, so common-place athrow it iDto a confusion that will make disaster in-. evitable. They may even break it beyond hope of that the most dis-inguished economists are found unit- have we learned when the many publishers of the•"Thetewas a better market to<dayrar>d t'a affected bytbe elastU-rt ing at 69f yesterday, in recovering from the tixa Pro-Rata bill I showed more conl me have noticed fi>r 4cet had the appearun for the preaenL This haabeer* counted on lever to depress pu<•seems, been discount npen the passage tailiog. The obetac;o. movement still exists in the speculative arena, a thrown from one hand j liseieeonbrings out.?» ^beotb^ Central to- daj peeved steadily to 7(t% actions. It eold at thwas firmer, and sold managers of this cemps less ieac to an arrangetbetween them, pacific I day, under iciveetme ia laid by tbe bears tpo pany was mahing larg larger amount of mail c they carefully conceal t paying Com. Vanderv>il ty annum subsidy, wi also speak of the Y&ZK tha purchase of them \ vciving the loss ofnea3 T w o cf these " tube,"modora .within a year < Mr. Garrison for h repairs. So that .thoee The- , stack' opened j^adiryto93^, at whi<Second Board.,133 buyer 30 against active, bat firm. In buoyant feeling, \ and proved. Sock Jalatid SHI, aa advance-of ?^.cant. Southern L -ecid as high as 18. T the Second Board the cloee cf U-e ee^eon; h;ment; a portion of the •the maiiet curing tbewere : Virginia. 6s, Canton Company, t pany Preferred, I^>1road, 7t^«70|r Eri-Bailroai, 38i^38i; ^Preferred, 32i®32 Micuigan Central Rtiern and Northern ^nteed,18-3?l8|; PaCentral Railroad, 5 road, 57^571; Cte /al9|; Cbicago andDiinoia Central Rai^; There ia nothing• and quotations are c< ' ; Frwght3 to Liverf •S50 bole.. Pork at400tee. Lara at 25s. Beef at 4c. 6d. London,^ per steamc :Roein at 29s., and pej-terms, and 100 boxes. veeaeloi250 tunafro^^Lumber at $10, andvtb Matanrr53 at therTie business of tl $251,951 40-for-Ci 505 47; Balance, $: day of drafts for'reach $300,000.v The bueiceee of :.$£6,346,953, Tho ii^ i l r c a d Bonds, due "onloe of Geo. W. Theeteamer tc-ddy'Saturday, it is po*sij "tSoogh not eo mcol S&aje, No. SOExclidebt of! Texas. Tx clainia expires shortW2*Gommit«^oftheRoc 'agents were mstructei ^rangeisehts for freigW intendicg to hold tc«" rwbKher U betheGi the New-York rcuds ^$10,000 New-York 106^. The private d«; quite active, and p.1 At the late metrti change was made Bishop was reappoi the Compsny for t: were $241,330; the .^22,733 for coupon being $104;772. Ti the capita stock. TJover 7 V oeatayeai withatascnig the grei Every raontn in the yw^eoeipta of the i&Qfeaee for the year. .& decided impjove: pastweekintheDry notbeenasgenezala* Thoie koaees hi northern districts ct fore supplied the ©;;Ai .'.'--:^'!-:' '•• ; '••;„. .:-!:• ', ';',c•'•attack upon a^corrupt and despotic AdministratioQ. The Members of the House streamed over to the north^wing of UrnCapitol, almost in a body, leadingperformance." PETKRBOKO, Feb. 13, 1860." W A TTS SHERMAN, esq.—Sir: My father-in-law, Mr. Gerrit Smifh, has at length so far waked up from facilitate the taking possession of all the various the eclipse of his intellect, aa to be able to read and to branches of industry for which the country haa been hear reading. He has just now seen for the first timeexterminating war against chattel Slavery, and doctrines from Lake Erie to Sag Harbor, assuring11 From The Evening Poet, Tue$day Evening, Feb. 21.As Airv-wr TO BKVIVK Ay OIJXABUSK.—It ii inUraaled,he? {Do you not, as well as myself, lowio that for—Signer Toledo,,Mora's late Minister of• Foreign Bedell and his wife, writee to The Cleveland Heralds. Affairs &$Costa Rica, made his escipe out of the coun- " I bave seen the 'Bishop's Palace.' Here it is; try in aeloeed box, in charge of Mora's wife, who con- called the Park Cottage; naoied so from the fest thatthat BOodious a system must depend for its exist- ence solely upon local enactments; and whose kind- Best religions poet, translating this decision intoits champions of safe conduct in their raid upon his constituents; while the sly suggestion, that if the South would allow Republicans the like access to "itshave been oppoaed to any change of systeni that could, where the ex-Mincer embarked on hoard of a sailing; nijn in Ohio, who has five hundred dollars a year. bmVmmomal'verse, ;sung, "Slaves cannot breathe in people, the party would soon cast as many votes be-jn in the isles of. the Carribbean Sea.also, in the absence of an accredited Min-*^Efng|iBd; "and whose statesmen and philanthropists, twenty years ago, at a cost of a hundred;•::.- ; ?:.-•• •••v>flasc**: ' • • •if.rtVV'.W'NT*'|elve years ago, when establishing a Demo- Brown and his companions, in their attack upon the fraUrnity of mill-ownerB, .»haiettoldero^».J»ani^^>nriittg public upon the debris of a constitutional Harper's Ferry, with like attempts to implicate in- i corporation*, capitalist* who are anxious, aa all capitalists natur-,, ,.,i-».N*\""V-"-?«-*'''-'mending. On the other hand, if be and they should conclude to succumb, as all doughfaces do, sooner Beyond the most of Gov. Seward's speeches, this or later, that course will extinguish their little re- of to-day produced a marked present impression. maining prestige in the North, and lose them theirirjg in the idea expressed by M. Chevalier, the Free- "Manifesto" are to he sued. The following corre- Txadcr, whom you so much admire, that it is only spondence preaeded the legal proceedings:pressed into words so few and weighty.could be more triumphant than his vindication of the Republican party from the charge of sectional-ism; nothing more felicitous than his invitation tothe South to come to New-York and proclaim itslow the Potomac as it now does north of that river, was one of those happy retorts, whose visible effectthey did, thai suth co-myclilicii must decrease ike costhave been seen to be appreciated and enjoyed* Hi* implied rebuke ofthe tirftde *^nst'Helper's book, byvico to lncica«e the burdens of the people. The mili-ownora him may he"crashed by Brijieh competition;^'andthen, Guatemala to join her husband. axe not taxtutjed with their profits; thoy do not nuke moti»yNothingFINANCIAL"of mill owners'," whose power to increase the "tribute money," of which you eo much complain, results direcfy from the failure of Congress se to act as to increase domestic competition for the sale of cloth and iron ? The lees that competition, the less must be - !Nearbhn'8at the diplomatic functionary of tha auditory, though uttered in the calm and measured cyfhameon any such change. They, therefore," get at the- the reward of labor, and the larger the profits of thesao-e thing indirectly: they wrap up the increase of taxation in«03ossaI JE^npire, whose civil and social polity is a language so characteristic of our Senator. And, the. di*gui*e of specific duties: the conaumcr is made to pay capitalist; but the greater must be the tendency towardally are, to make what tney paroeFS more productive that) it now / Monarchy, deezned it hut sheer consistency that one nocent persons in the Salem Witchcraft, the Guy is, ask for the imposition of specific duties. They have not the•f their first afete should be the emancipation offace to a*k for a direct increase of the duties as they now stand; Fawkes Plot, and the Old Colonial Negro Plot, pro- they are afraid to demand that a tax of fifteen per cent on im- duced a salutary effect upon an appreciating ported merchandise shall be raistd to twenty per cent, or a du;y of tvrt ntj to one of twenty-five or thirty. The country - wouldremarkable peculiaritiee. Is was apt»arently the «oa-etery slave in every colony ruled by France. fana, DuchesB of Devonshire, the most he tutiful and necting link between vertebrate and the lower ani- most intellectual woman of her day, took a most activeunique combination of- Oriental barbarism withfinally, this masterly and successful speech wassolicit in person the votes of the huinbleet freemen. She was of the greatest- service to the Whig party;Western advancement, called by us a despotic au- closed by an elaborate and impressive exposition,tocracy, but which, by the initial step toward the alike original* sincere, and hearty, of the manifold enfranchisement of its serfs, has set an example that advantages of the Federal Union, the firm hold itthis " land of the free" might worthily imitate. has upon the affections of the people, the solid basis•Among the most attentive listeners was the Min- upon which its pillars rest, and the certainty that itister of that once powerful and yet proud State will survive the rudest shocks of .fanaticism anden expert mercantile-calculator. The consumer finds that the commodity be needs bears a higher price,- but he is mystified by the system of specific duties, and does net know that the increasesume eithor cloth or iron./that encouraged the Genoese navigator " to pierce*Mhe night of ages and open to one world the**sources of wealth and knowledge, and to another-action.Lacordaire understood the apolocue, and, holding oat her cheek to the very celebrated, but very ugly aca- demician, eaid: ' Take your price!' The bribe wasin- stantly taken. Finally,- the Rev. Father secured his triumphant election."He *woke in the moming with the subject fresh in Ins mind; bu% alas, no sooner did he try to recall ic, than the whole of wha^i he had seen vanisoed from his memory, and all be could remember was that he had sten it in its most saiiefacory extent. . The next night,r<k»w. that it will demean itself by selling to us, evenDOUGLASANDTHEPRESIDENCY.Corre«pc2den<x> of Tke N. T . Tribune.WASHINGTON, Feb. 29, 1860.The addon of the Democratic Senatorial Com- mittee on the Popular Sovereignty question is reck- oned to be a clean cut off of Mr. Douglas's headaB unutterable woes "—a State fallen, but not sominers—tbe men wh > had labor to sell, and knew that it commanded betterlprices in protective than in free-whole fccene was agam presented before his chad.. Hefoi a princely sum, its brightest transatlantic gem, to aid us in prolonging the existence of Slavery in the hemisphere that Columbus discovered.trade times—rose in then-might and hurled from power to refute certain aspersions upon his character for ing had again forgot en all that he had desired to re- of the maas of the people. Wo received'* not long elnoe, this little "oligarchy" of slave owners, then taking for member. Be determined, if he should ever dream, of»country.Northern States—fanners, mechanics, laborers, and —A very earnest gentleman named Mone, a dele- again thinking deeply of it, he fell asleep, and theIfor—for we cannot dwell upon this phase of the close to his shoulders. The blow has fallen where powerful and compact minorities. Laying aside the fact thatgreatly needed. That it is which they now seek again to do—desiring once again to free themselves from the control of the "powerful and compact minority" ofawaken, ar d have paper by his bedside on whicfc to fix the Convention) would excuse him for s vearing, ho the informatiom Accorditgly, on going to bed, he•eene—can-we omit, ere dismisshig it, to note the presence among the untitled spectators of a quasi commercial agent of that feeble Oriental despot- ism who*e crumbling fragments the Great Powers ale eager to grasp ere it fall, but whose turbancd master, w^frBhiper of Mohammed, wieWer of thebastinado, deeming Slavery inconsistent even with Turkish law and the Moslem faith, decreed its abo- fiiion long ago. throughout his dominions.jBut we . are quite losing sight of Gov. Seward and his speech, in ova prolonged view of their cur- rounding*. The auditory he drew arounl febaa to-day might have temporarily disturbed the equanim-iniall chutes of men, united by a very perfect mutual under-stusding, and wiel. ir.g large capitals, too often domineer in ourState Legislatures, it is,certain that the revenue laws cfthiacountry have, for many years pa»t. been framed by a minority. slaveholders, under whoso iron rule thoy BOlong havewould eay, by ——, there never was a time when he was not sound upon every subject."placed some paper and a pencil beside him, again thinking of his wonderful fossil, when what was his delight, during hit s'eep, at finding the whole for a»o«e, aiid the hum of voices, and the rustle incident to* a large/crowd, were hushed to repose, and all eyes bent upon him, the slight embarrassment per- ceptible in his voice and mien, was doubtless duo to the internal agitation induced by the harden ofan undelivered speecli—which, every orator JJO well understands—rather than to anything like-ordinary tear. But 'this tremor of tone aasd limb soon disap-and mutually mischievous prohibitive system in their commerceevery clear-sighted man has seen that it must fall,ever Bince the debate on Brown's proposition in theSenate a year ago. The question then was not The mill-owners have dictated the whole system of indirect tax-ation, ever oincc the lost war witli Great Britain, and the utmost whether the South would back down, but whether we have been able to obtain in the wlrujzgle against their suprem- acy:has been some mitigation, eome relaxation of the protective; suffered. •" . * ' .,f.'.—The three upper classes of Yale held an election, third time, clearly pictured before him. Now then, to:*$&'*•< \;^:#r^«,;=:•>(. :*"} -:^>.? :•?.-.._«,—? i*..***""-"•HtWifWoi^^n »<i-[pi»'J;the party nowo'iflgraeing thei^;luui^;'pf ^Danpprapy.fearfulcrwes-whosesadeffectsyouhavesowellde-As to how Mr. Douglas and his Northern back-ers mean to treat this phase of the question is. amatter of very little consequence, in a politicalpoint of vkw, to the Republican party. If he andthey offer resistance, they disrupt their party, anddrews, and Kennedy of Uuea to commence suits in The experience of the outer world is in full accord- his behalf against Watts Sherman, Royal Phelps, and3fr. Beagan of Texas to discourse to empty benches, Dismissing the Kansas imbroglio in an adroit para- power throughout the Free States. Either way,while Seward held his levee in the Senate. graph, ho drew a vivid contrast between the " cap- the result8 of the quarrel must ultimately inure to by nature suited. Such must be the view of every real the 'Manifesto of the New-York Democratb Vig>ltasu ital States" and the " labor States," showing the benefit of the Republicans; andit is thus a Union, occupied the reserved seats in and around that the " irrepressible conflict," for announcing matter of very little consequence what form itwhich he is so maligned, is a conflict between cap- takes. If the Republicans will remain united andthe chamber. There was an unusually large at- act wisely, they have a promising fature. . They tendance of the diplomatic corps. This was due in ital in negroes and the labor of white men. Hisexposition of the relation of the Constitution to are strong enough to carry all before them, soonerpart, doubtless, to the reputation of the orator as a Slavery contabed, in a few lucid sentences, all or later, if, in addition to their adherence to their statesman and a leader of a great party soon totake the control of the Federal Government; but that is valuable upon that subject in Marshall, doctrines on the iSIavery question, they are able toBtate£man—-recognizing, as such men mast, the exist- Association,' published last October, in which you connect bis name with a certain ' Central Association'ence of a perfect harmony in the great and permanentmtCTCsts of all the, various portions of society, laborerathie 'Central Association,' and condemns all eheddiag for bis own use, and tura over the other n'tne to KB manufacturers. Of eucH harmony, however, you give of human blood, save by Government, he necessarily wine-merchant," with instructions to sell them for what your readers none—consumers of cloth and iron here feels himself to be deeply wronged by you and your price he thought best, and account for the net proceeds being told that capitalists " n o t satisfied with their afpociafes. He holds you and them responsible for to one Nicholas Longworth of Cincinnati, Ohio,prpfiis" are anxious to " increase the burdens of the calling in effect upon the people b<>th of the North andSouth to detest and abhor him. direct. Mr. Dallas, however, returned the subjoined"people;" that "the fraternity of mill-owners," and *<Mr, Smith wishes to know without any delay reply:|bheyalone,areanxious fora changeof system,with whetheryou.andyour aesocaceswtU persist inyour "UBARSIH: Yourt 1*recerratr,iaforming, fcc. Icannot»p--Many prominent men. from various parts of theof bloody and horrible purposes." A s Mr. Smith belongs to no Society, has always requesttd him to be so very good as to accept one box ,Story, and Kent. The historic sketch of parties create a belief in their determination to administer iareign tour, Gov. Seward was received with andpolicies,andtheinfluenceofSlaveryuponboth, the affairs of the Gfovernment inaspirit of re-more, perhaps, to the fact that, during his recentCRISES—THEIRLETTER NINTH.and MeanR are about to report a oiilto the House of ReproBcnta- tive/>, with aview of carjrjing into effeot Mr. Buchanan's recom- mencation to retain to the old->ystezn-.oT apecific duties.Mfesf31nt th« Htt <T,O0eTfvHeS 8Utea €t,Hijooo fJr&ei 3uu» 5«, $ "tT;eee*enc«Mee 6V, 'W.. iiiXtjb' <k>...............'0^<»VJrg*irl«8t«»<6« .. -m.O0f; BMwouri WMBfs..W0 C«lffernbi State In. Vti3Vj QOi . . . . . . . . . . ..* 2,C(0 CallTor. lisrge B*. 7, I.0O9 Brooklyn rfty W. ,/rj^OK Srie B.tdmt bd* e* . Ifif/i ErieR.«h nrt.t>dB.b' &/XW do....... b WOO do b« :i/m Had.B.W.E.2dmfc'vX/00»Htid. Zir. R, ?d mr, I.00C Ooiben Branch ed <ffiOOI«. Cen. E. E. Bds A#(^0 CO<•»«-#••••••'•**•;^.Or<rCI»ve &To!.».F.B 2,000 Cfalc & Ro«3t IsL r^ ,r6,eC0-D..« &WjBi&'l* Ia!EM' 3WE--WSM ,J,,i.*,...-.y,.y,^.-'-J.>..^1 **+i,^^ij,-.!•tfe»i*f*«W.v- •:<•.$ 3 <Y.:.„. .-,....—i^,-,.,...,.,. - -.< ..J„.-:.^,..p.; . ^ ^(JQMMERCthe Houce of Commons, " I am the best abusedwhiks throughout h» delivery, a constant stream ol' " man on this continent!" It was natural, there- " aught remains," , ' . •*y ; ' '• - our people, in the strength of the GSovernment, and in a single one that has proved more efficient thanyour- I have always said, 'I wou'd' {Wood*?} I havem ev»n to catch an f-ccasioiidd sentence or word; H e flowed up and down the gOTgeous staircises oflas. Their maxini is: "Think;nothing done whilefore, that friends and foes should climb Capitol Hill . Let them defeat. Douglas, "and^ demoralize hid the contidence of the world, both at home and abroad, e e l f ? " ' , '•' •'-••:."'••;" ' . ' • ' • ; done it if I could, and if I did not I had the eai'sfaeibaeo do....1C0 do.............bi.fte Chamber, vainly beatiog ag*io«t the compast susseswhohadbeensofortunateas*ogetearly possesion of thef ground; and, thence recoiling and iefleetmg, the disappointed current would glide into «3die« around the hall, and linger in groups beyond «ar-shot of the*8peaker, unwilling to abandon ailhosts, as they can, and they have everything, within fiiheir own party, their own way. TThey have won in every contest of this "sort within their own ranks hitherto, up to this last and final questioh, and whyof the highest inteiest-, and that it would be met and cbntidoed in a manner worthy of a statesman and a Chriftian. Has it been so considered? -To an exami- nation of that question I shall now ask your attention, r«serving for a future letter the consideration of the ef- fects of the advalorem system in producing those finan- cial cris-en whose terrible effects you have so well de» picted, and that pauperism q.nd crime whose growth you have so much deplored. .•••:•'..whatever answer yon nay see fit to rrmkfi, •- I remain, yours very reapectfaHy,Voktila.Ovuur^fiatlroad '.'?. State 6s... , . b rState... .2i * 1.560 California JHate 7s".,to-day to hear what such a rnan had to say why the Americanpeopleshouldnotpasssentenceofostra- cism upon him.hi the stability of our institutione. Such is the viewIOC MichFfccck... •A50Hazlem' :'tflMXltwszt10X09 do1.CO0 S*i6 Rii. 4tb SBSb<i^ ICs0COKLCt.'BJL bds.;«a>'4CUnion Baak,....'....... J/)0 Ganton Co............. JW CO............ .tf'r . tODcL,&. Hud.Ccal Cc. l(%Cura'd CcalPref ...s60 w w Q(y »«•»••.•••>•*•*•• P00Pac£a«Mail «.S.Co...100-Ifew-york Ct.SElLibV:.And most conclusively did he answer that ques-tion! But, of the speech, little need be said. It is should they yield now? Their past experienceW. C. BRVAKT, esq.EENEY C. GAUEY.Ab,<#ff Indiumit^ownbestexponent. It.will be read by thou-hope oif ultimately catching a glimpse of the scene sands upon thousands who will never see this notice and it does. We.may as well believe, therefore,Philadelphia,Feb, 28,1A60.should surely afford every confidence of success, first as last, that there is to be no change of policyPERSONAL.- Oerrit Smith is making excellent use of his return- nunii ja)y up,on himself. Do not lean upon othere.more, but being made to pay it under the nemeof apecific duties, pauperism and crime, and the less the power to con- Ihe'inerease Is of such a nature that it will be apparent only tozeal for the eminent orator, she even wenj; so far aa to and reptiles; but what w.o.8. mortify log and puzzling toB&SEH; ii^W^i%^ j •0 ?#tt ••-.£«&$£$£ .'(.•.The-factsbeingthussoentirelythereverseofTha4, are an jmperiouaraceof M e ^ ^ ^ w t e ^ ^ f j M ^ e , picted} thct crises have been followed by paralyses of yOu have stated them to bej is'it not^ my dear Sir, mostfound feeble echoes, but which have heen reiterated | They may use- him,' and!; give him a certain kind of'of-a party on theeve of assuming the control of the cipline in the end, or they ^ill break nim on the; by such a' growth of pauperism that that terrible dis- to assert that 'Hhemirt-pwnershave dictated the whole we do Hereby invite, aU persons m Moatgoniery wh£" the accomplishment of a positive duty" on the part of Governments, so to direct their measures as toand capitalists, producers and consnmers, farmers and opposed secred societies, had never before heard offrom the rise of the Missouri Compromise onward trenchment and reform, and to adjust the claims-of increase of taxes; lliat "the lords of the mills" are libel, .or make tbe unqualified and ample retraction piov« of lour proc«edure. I emuot reconcile the dirdes ctmarked respect, and seemed sometimes to be confi-dently consulted by the most eminent crowned to its fall, exhibited all of HaHam's fidelity to fact, our mechanic and manufacturing industry upon a dictating to the Committee of Ways and Means; thatlighted up with the warm coloring of Bancroft. The judicious and stable basis. The programme may " mill-owners have dictated the whole system of in- beads and- the most distinguished statesmen of episodical outline of the Kansas controversy, and of seem simple, but it tosses on a sea of perils at this ! "direct taxation;" and, that it is high time for thiswhich the case calls for. "Yours, respectfully,Mtoi*t«r Plffclpotentiarj of tbe XJuIt^d States at tbJa Court with iho**s of a comruiaelou mercli^nt. 1 shall not r?c«i"re ice vnac,iy &c "Xoui»,«tc, GEORGE M. DALI.AS.'»—On Saturday last Mr. Joseph Mabnry, of Schuyl- kill Haven. wit& jne Slriker, made 250 complete hoiree- ehoes, in 8^ homjgW one day, viz: 5 suo^essive hours in the morning, and 3^ hours ia the- aftemooa. Each- shoe was made of new iron, w^h 9 double-jpuncned'naiiholes. ;—A visitor at Gambier, O.. who called upon>BishopsEurope. the doctrinal heresy and dangerous tendency of the hour.J. s. P . '• •mass of the people now to protest against the further of high rank, made him a present of three thorough- maintenance or extension of the system. Here, as bred Arabian horses, the choice of his stud of som*British Free-Trade system which seeks the production of discord, and discord and slavery march always hand in hand together through the world.Al'ow me now, my-dear Sir, to ask if you reallybelieve that the facts aie such as they here are said toof all the dwellings in the College Pa?k, this is th« we know not on what authority, that the Committee of W^ttyu years' past the wealthv miH owners of New-England ducted the box and its contents safely to Funta Arenas, most diminutive. There is not an Episcopal:clergy-EFFECTS.MR. CAREY TO MR. BRY ANT.ANDt m4 if this be ho, our aged PieiddeDt, who Laa been worrying ahout specific duties ever eince he took the Executive chair, wih undoubtedly enjoy a Blight nense of relief. For our pa<t, we should be perfectly willing to see him gratified in thia respect, if tl e measure eujtgeoted did not imply an impeachment of theby giving increased protection, tend to augment do- vessel to a port, in Guatemala. Efforts wore made bywife of the ex-President, but by the timelyinterposi- of cloth-tortile..consumer. So is it, now, with the tion of the acting British and American Consuls at thac | of dollars, set free eight hundred. thousand- upon Senators from the Slaveholdlng States must panng, and if the T*tum to specific duties WV>T»not eimply a de- | wealthy iron master. He can live, though aU around port she was permitted, to embark on board the steamerewouW^wrd^'ihop Bedell iustantly engronew'duties, are in most a4nurabfo eontiast with tha heart-burning s, and il'-feeling engendered, ih aaothe^i Western Diocese, by reason of aliegei unsdiUagnes&egood sente of the Committee by whom the bin is said to be;pre-enough by telling their merchandtee, and they call for specific•~n-«ioenable r x- •-*- - • • • "• "- in common with Lis weaj^by British fival«, he must>em to extract »* more libered revenue from profit by the destruction they have made. Such beingthe.facte (and that they are so I can positively assert),•- . -j.ojperof his day, and his comparison of the The conUmerVdo not want them, do not wk for them are aatls-fied £ith the present method of collecting the dutiea by A per- are younotj by opposing: protective measures, aidingin jSuropcon aflairs, and whose gailant peo- 'attempt to implicate, by innuendoes, others than centage on th£ value of the gooda imported; the only changetbe3 wish for is that tb« <M1<* . t o < i \% » « f e $#»*«£ £** • fr^'.e creation among ourselves of a little "oligarchy—Among the stories told of the canvassing in Parisfor the seat in the French Academy, made vacant by of the family of it« Diocesan to leave the luxury, theseen tie minor representative of that ex- qpotmg JeJfeBftpV a tory letter to Price, thoBe^Hhwhomv^ . , , „ , 1 . 1 i t w Tnr ^ i f o antie». M»"» man whose name and fame fill so large commeia a •• This is the vlsin Engliab of the plamor forcomforts, and the fetvleof the city, for the • .'* c^acmcc doings' of prairie lire."—The "experience'' of Prof. Agassiz, mentioxed by warmly advocated Father Lacordaire's cUims t? the us recently, ig thus related ra The Spiritual Maga-vacant seat, intending her eloqnence for ta4 ear of au zine: ' ; -.•:•. . j ; >r'.,..:,.,^..;,,,.-jj eminent member of the Academy, who happened tobe in the room. In conclusion, she directly appea-.ed "Agastiz had been deeply cogitating onv a foesflto him to give the friar his vote. He replied: 'Georg'- wheh had been recently oisepvered, having new.and,him wan, tbat tbe very part of tue fossil which shouldhave showed she most interesting part was covered hei winmng beauty, her rank, and the splendor of her with the strong deposit in which it had been embedded.equipage, made her indeed an irres'stable advocate. of .price is a tribute which he ia forced to pay to the mill- " have been oppreeised by powerful and compact mi- In the night.of the canvass she appealed to a batcherowners.1 " That class of men' who own our manufacturing establish- ments bave had possession of the legislative power of the coun- tiy long enough. It is quite timo tnat the committesa of Con- gress, ana thone who vote on the schemes laid befcre them by those committees, thould begin to consult the wishes of the peo- ple. It in high time that they should begin to ask, not what will fatisfy the owners of forges, and founderiea, and coal-mines, and cotton-mills, and woolen-mills, but what is just and fairto those who use th« iron, and warm their habitations with the coal, and wear the woolens and the'eottons. This is not done: the lords of there ills speak through the mouth of the President of the Bepublic, and call for specific duties, and now we are told that they are dictatiigabJlltothe Committee of Waya und Mwma.J* Great apprehensions have been cntcrtaired by many persona, both bore and abroad, lest minorities should be oppressed in bur ^country by >»jost laws passed in obedience to the demand" noritics." In thin you are right—a small minority of voters in the Southern Stateshaving dictated the repeal of the protective taiffs of 1828 and 1842, and having noWj w i t h a single and brief exception, dictated for thirty years both the foreign and domestic policy of thislor his vote. He said she might have it if ehe would, allow him to kiss her. She accepted his terms. Hea letter from England, in which great anxiety was expressed lest this should load to the downfall of our Government. Hitherto, however, the ptople in this country have been oppressed by"soundness" upon the Slavery question. "If," hethemselves the protection which they felt they so observed, " the ladies (of whom there were many in it 8gain, that he would make tbe strongest effort to-of Michigan, and Broderick, showed more than the usual disposition to resist Southern exactions; andthat exhibition haB been backed in the Northern but we have no ideacfallowing.theStates by strong demonstrations in favor of Doug- owners, while we aro thus engaged, to step in and raise thetribute-money we pay them to the old rates. What w* have laborer whoso wife and children were perishing for.las. We shall now see how much those demon- wrested from their tenacious grasp we shall keep, if possible." Other Governmentu are breaking the fetters which have re- strations amount to. We presume they will result strained their peaceful intercourse with each other, and adoption a more enlightened system—a system which is the best andwant of food?' Was it with the little shopkeep-er - who found his little capital disappearingFlavins J. Cook, J. P. Blahe.—-In the Maryland Senate, recently, Dr. Lynch ofBaltimore County, offered an order appropriating $500interpreted the laws, and swayed the domertic policy of the country with a more and more rigorous control for many years past. We are engaged in a struggle with that oligarchy now;of a domestic market for his products 1 Was it with the.mechanic who sought the reopening of the shop-inare as follows: Seniors, E. G. Mason, J. M. Morris,L M. Jones; Juniors, S. E. Baldwin, R. L. Chamber-eyes fell on the paper and pencil by hia bedside, snd, going to them, he was astonished to find upon the paner an accurate drawing of the complete foe&il^with. all ita partR. It was; in fact, the. picture of his vtsi>nv and gave him aj^ain all"he had sem in h;s sleep. He tells thie himself, and says that he cannot account for the picture being there—whether he jrot up and did it hinu-elf, or whether it was done by other means with- wh'oh our readers who are acquainted with direct spirit-writing are fam*l»ar. Having secured the draw- JDg, tho proTesw compared it with the fossil, aid, a* his curiosity was now largely excited, he ventured ott endeavoring to uncover that part of it which was con- cealedunder the stony deposit. Applying a fine chisel to the partj he was foriunate enough to remove the* covering, and there was disp'ayed before hie eyee the-ity ef a m >re iron-nerved man than he. When he just as similar ones did in the case of theJWilmot surest pledge of enduring amity and peace between nations. En- under demands for the payment of usurious interest? to the Colonization Society, to send Henry Windercheap and cloth and linen dear? Was it not with jumped Jrom the fifth story of No. 510 Pearl street, peared, and he spoke with as much self-possession lowers of a party hitherto in the habit of winning, DKARSIK: You bave,been invited to lay before those Biiliah statesmen who find in the enormous capi- on Saturday evening last, while pursued by the police,a* he would in conversing with a friend in his draw- and thought to be still powerful in' numbers, and in yonr readers the arguments in favor of such a change tals of English iron-masters "the moat potent instru- has a brother who is a director in one of the leadinging-ioom,orashedid'iaeoafereneewithLord itsprestige. Onwhatgroundcansuchmenbeex- inorucommercialpolicyasshouldtendtoproducedi- "mentsofwarfareagainstthecompetingindustryof'banksofthiscity.ThenameofMurphyiaeupposed amongthostudentsofHarvardCollege,duringthefirst to be aseumed." .Pabneraton in Piccadilly., and Louis Napoleon at pected to stand up against the demands of the South, versification in the demand for human service, thereby "other countries"? To all these questions the an-increasing the power of association and the productive- swers must be in the affirmative, your Journal having and insolent shape of demanding exclusive and un- ness of labor, while relieving our farmers from a tax of thenstoed conspicuous among the advocates of Pro-r—Mr. Cobuen himself does, not anticipate that hid shares in the Hiiuois Central Railway will have ulti-three months oi exer?Ue in the gymnasiae* ilaiery fcstablhhed in connection with that venerible seat of . learning:<^»lSegne. even when it puts them forth in the extravagantAna now was exhibited the magic spell, se clearly transportation ten times more oppressive than all the Slavf ry domination over the free laborera of the North- mately depreciated in value. The accounts of hijClreBt. Upper Arm. Fce-Arm. 2-0 inches. 1-11 inch**. 55 iaohv*. 1-9 inche*. 1-1 iuche*. eSiocb««.«een but so difficult to explain, which Gov.-Sew- disturbed possession of all the Territories for taxes required for the support of European fleets and ern States.Slavery ? The claim is audacious of course. ButI n manner, voice, and gesture, he has none of the no more so than many others which have preceded thatbyit8 acceptance you would make manifest yourhealth are very unfavorable, and his physicians have Freshmenaifd's speeches usually throw around his auditors. ^electric splendor of Clay nor tLm marvelous majes-armies—that invitation having been given in the hopeit, and been acquiesced in in the history of the •willingress to permit your readers to see both sides— Sir, be not improper to inquire on what side it is that has lately declined the post of Mr. Milner Gibson at Rcluto rueasuremoutB made nt the b*»ixtiitDg of the term:tjrof 'Webster. His voice is husky, his gestures Sl&very propagandism of the last few years. To sup- your entire confidence in.the accuracy of the economi- you now are placed. Is it by the side of the free labor- tho Board of Trade, which was offered him.Upper Arte Fore Arm.- 10-71 inches. ?-<Wtooh««. 10-82 iache*. 9-57infcbee-angular, his postures stiff and iannovable, his whole manner dry and didactic; bat am, to-day as of yo*e, lie had the unbroken attention for nearly twofcpux* of an audience, half of whom stood or sat in*mcoinibTtable positions, and eomposed'of all thepose the Northern doughface is going to resist even cal doctrinesrof which you have been so long the earn- this claim, is to suppoee him to be something differ- est advocate—and-your disposition to espouse theer who is perishing becouee of inability to sell hisFreshmen... —Mr. Fred. Whitehead of this city, late of Bufialo, SophomorcBlabor ? Is it by that of the poor farmer of the Wesi;,ent frc^ what a doughface can be. The dough- cause of truth, on whatever side she might be found. who finds himself compelled to pay live per centner Stotm's shooting gallery, on Fourth street, hids fair to.t4-86 inches. 11-02 inchee. 9-4Wlache«-r-i • !itaa * capital, from the loftiest statesmaaahip and know that 1 Catch him standing out against any- themselves, I now, as you see, place within the reach ii'Jd, at o p. w., after an unusually boisterous peesatfe^to which he is subjected? Is is not, on the contrary, ! of ten paces. What makes itbia feat a remarkahlo one lltre she transferred the mails and pafteongere for CaVt«ehoIarsbip, intent only upon the subject-matter body who is likely to have a ha ad in distributingpresented, and the style in which it was clothed* public patronage. No. There is nothing in the reply that you have j net now published^ sincerely : jfoinia to ttfeunmhip Daniel Webster, and lelVforthitk<vScriegated classes that congregate in this eosmopol- low who goes for the spoils. Doesn't all the worldIts it by that of„the farmer, whose land diminishes in :ih the gallery we saw liim shoot an apple from the New-Orleans at 8 a. m.i>0th:inst, taviveiMHavana- that my readers shall have full opportunity to judge forv value because of the enormous tax of transportation head of another gentleman, who stood at tho distanceface is neither a man of principle, nor conviction, That yoW should have failed to do this has been to me month to the rich capitalist 1 Is it by that of the unem- eclipse Travis himself, or even the world-renowned nor humanity, nor statesmanship. Heis bnly a fel- a cause of much regret, having hoped better things of ployed mechanic of the Middle and Northern States ? hero and patriot, Wm. Tell. The other evening whileHAVANA.a lover of freedom like yourself. Resolved, however,dowin to the merest fashionable beaux and belles, hope. There is nothing in the expectation. Con- hoping that they may give to it the most careful study, that Slavery for the white man and theJWack is the employed in shooting galleries. The same gentlemanat Havana. Sugars are in moderate demand at firm;vprices; 9i»93'-*JL0c. .for Nos/ll and 12; stockj6Q,W,1 against80,000lastyeai.Molasieaia?dnMlat^rialai'•4JatMatanza8,and4atCardena«u Exeb*ngeie«eesx2Bgry desirous only of displayiag exquisite wqfntly what ? Nothing hut this:. The se-called and thus enable tbemselveBto form a correct estimate Biusta^hes and gorgeous bonnets and dresses. Dooglaa delegates from the North,-; or a majority of of the sort of ar^iunents usually adduced m'-support ofnatural^ order of things, and .that " free society has " proved a f t U u r e " ^ ^ .^a o g .stood oft' ten paces and held a seven-spot diamond cardThisattentionwasdueinalargedegreetothelatin of profound reflection, the vein of original divers atthe firatshot, the moment the •Southernthought, the* graphic historical sketches, the taste-filj, jhe*orical ornaments, the occasional apt quota- Ie*rn that the Southern Democratic leaders neverhet for their products—tho umintonance of the existing Jhare here invoked the uidof a Senate, t^j control of"^•Tholast Fcrt Scott Democrat informs us that it quoted 13-|'013J pram, on;^ ^ / ^ f ^ ^ ^ ^ kihe end.* alkasions, in fine, to the mental magnetism his speech from the beginning to But it wa* owing more, doubtless, to theWhosoever believes that this practice is to be re- versed now, is doomed to the usual disappointment of all such dreamers in the pastage from which wo were rescued by the men who made the Revolution.As presented by me, the question we are discuss^1the Northern States. Now, as for thirty years past, compelled to leave Amonato escape punishment, hav- wall, and Isabel for Charleston on the 25tb, at 8 a.m.your opponents aro found among the men who sell ing murdered a Mexican boy in cold hlood. TheWectlndia'Mail^ScrewSteaaship Co Je steamertheir own labor, while your chief allies are found in Teviot, Capt. Gillies, IUAC from Si. Thomaa, left aame- Mr*. Rush, cf Champaign County, Ohi >, has rocov-rntrjn/fo fflMfffffor of the subject and the man,ffc^i to any mere display of the arts of the logicianis not of the prices of cotton goods, but of human free- the ranks of those by whom such men are classed aa ei ed $5,000. of Peter Dawson, for the lose of her foot. morning.at 7 a. m. for Vera Cruz, reporting the non-t*.M...-.'• • : .. . . -them,wmgounderatCharlestonlikeaflockof thatBritishfree-tradepolicywhichhasforiteobjectbattery discharges its opening fire. Are we yet to" Hitherto," as yjou here tell your readers, our people.While,ponderiug the subject in bed, be fell a*?eep, and in a dream he was delighted to have the whole hidden part, and all its mechanism and differences, clear!r dis- played before bis eyes and, beeiiea, to see iatuiavelyIn 1840J however, the free people of ourWe have how another froe-trae'e period, when crisis has been followed by paralysis, and it may, my dearl-76inchca- l-171rwhe«. 37inch*«- ...l-89tDo>»e». l-211nobe«. \ 47incite*.of the great mass of the protectionists of the Union, the by the side of that "little oligarchy" which holds to |is the fact that it was performed with a pistolthe. belief thatthe laborer is the "mud-ail" of soeiety, and ball, and not with on air-gun, which is usually port at 8 a. ro. 24th. There is nothing hew to recordin hie hand. Mr. Whitehead, with a pistol and ball, thelimitationofourpeopletoaBingleanddistantmar- tions,allowmonowtopointjontothe'factthatyou photfivespotsoutofthecard.."./"'"'.^back down, and that the Northern always do 7 tibh of oui' whole people to that state of colonial vassal- meroial policy asked for by the farmers and laborers of mines, but we learn from Mr. Godfrey that he was steomors Daniel Webs^r, to sail same day for Aspfo-which; is entirely^in terrific tax of transportation—and the ultimate reduc- :chy.hasRecently beeii reported that Col. Titus was inNew-t h e ^ ^ ^ ' ^ m ^ M e f ^ ' o W ^chv." forreaifcting any. and eveiy change in om- com- X««lc for the ptirpose of purchasing machinery for hisNow-Ytrk. 'The Empire City left in port at Havana AmericanW e have not now, and never have had, an idea dom, and in that light it is that I have begged you serfs. Need we wonder, then, that yoar journal Tho ctse, in brief, is this: Dawsen sold liquor to the airivsl at St. Tho»as of the steamer Trent from As- Untitled Document*»rthe rfjetoridan. It was npon the theme of Amer- that Douglas could receive the Charleston nomina- should consider it. In support of that view, I have should be always advocating the cause of the million- huehandof tho plaintiff, and tho husband, under ita pinwall, and four days overdue at that port. The em-icas pdftfcff vfimlk problem awaiting solution by tion. And 8;j»pJy because the Southern leaders of urged upon your consideration the facts, that every aires, and thus helping to augment the pauperism and influence, made an auault upon his wife, and so in- pire City has experienced moderate weather smce,•••••BBBBI•M•i^MB^BM,.-'-,.•••:-••fattn'That repaid for truth does not prompt you to a r e - examination of the qUes+ion, with a view to satisfying. —Mayor Wof d, in his harangue,to the cartaen, toii them the following ;ntwesting story cf hie success inB^ A m . Fagh«»B_ *f k, tf Jmp.&*r»d-BsnJc.. ''tOMiKhatttmOM Co.... S&Caag Imp- Co. v5tfPae£acM.B. Co......bor, and as constant,augmentation in the regularity of yourself that of all the Pro-Slavery advocates, The »% • ; ' -•• '',}.'':':J:.L:^,':.-;•• "It has been one of tbe secrets of myir^le sueeeea the sociotary action, in the freedom and happiness of Journal of Commerce hot excepted, thereis not even in life tbat I have never said 'Icannot.' [Applause )26 . d a .do..;.. ...... -. <oi knowing tbit I hud exhausted every energy-of my Hoping that you mayfoCow my example by giving* };fe and being to succeed. Tbeh:gbest poei::on ie aa tbathasbeenpresentedtoyou,inthe.hopeandbelief tbiBletterapbjeeinyourcolumns,andreadytoplace oventoyouasit,istoanyothermen. Wealthw.opea that'to a lover of freedom like yourself it would be one within the reach of millions of'Protectionist readers to you as it is to other men. The wealthiest men. hot this city were much poorer than any, of those setting within,tbe tonnd of my voice. There is no ao^n here who at the a^e of twenty-one was more poor.more obscure, than the bumble individual standing before you. I do not speak ia this manner because I assume to be anything; bu*,I have been a worki.gman, andl have earned my living in the City of N^w-Yorkby the^e hands. I am,not ashamed to say it. Let everyJM Del.&Hod.CsasiCo. „59- Camb- Coal PrwfcrreJ.CHAS. D. MILLER." —When Gov. Seward was in Syria, a Turkish oftxcerwoulo Iprn up his note at Euch z. parsonage,'and I tifcak mestic competition for tbe sale of cloth, knowing, as the military authority of Punta Arenas to detain the fiv«- notice *ha$ ne should quitj and I- can hardly ejythe death of De Tocqueyille, is the following by The Boston Traveller's correspondent:" A lady, one of the most beautiful women in Paris,part in the canvass for Charles James Fox. In her male, as the mudfish from Africa, exhibited in; the Crystal Palace, is the connecting link between fieheekissed her. Fox got his vote.' The advocate of Friar the exact place wbich it lilltd ia comparative anatomy.gate to the Virginia Opposition Convention, made aspeech on the second day of the session of that body, eifort to awake; out be still slept on, and in the morn-" Permit me now, my dear Sir, to ask on what side it Feb. 22, to choose from each class three editors for awake and transfer it to the, paper! Bat no; he etill- slept on, and in the mprrung was distressed beyondDouglas and ihe Doughfaces would ? The debate «>stein—never a complete release l'xom it. The ohgaroby of was you stood, in the great contest of 18421 Was it the new College Quarterly—the Undcr-Graduatc. measure to find that tbe who*e had entirely vanished)slaveholders, scarcely more numerous than that ol the mill- ! There was great interest taken in the choice, and the at that tunefon the part of Douglas, Pugh, Stuart ownere, and equally bound together by a common - interest and with the poor faimef of the North who sought eman-from bis memory. latbiadigeoasola'e state he com* conceited plana of action, have held the principal public offices; cipatibn from the tux of transportation, by the creation* number of votes was very large. The editors choeen menced to drees, but had not proceeded far when hiaother oligarchy of mill- which-he so long had wrought? Was it with the lin, W. E. Park; Sophomores, D. H. Chamberlin,Provito. We have ntver entertained a doubt that gland and I^ance are engaged iii putting an end to the illiberal Was it net, on the contrary, with that "litjle oli- Davis to Liberia. He prefaced the order with a fewa majority of the Northern delegates to Charleston vitb. each other. It will dubonor un in the eyes of the civilized garchy" of men who owned the laborers they em- iemnrk8, to the effect that Mr. Davis's loss would not world if we, who boast of the freedom of our institutions andwould there back down, and swallow any candidate the wisdom of our legislation, should in the moan time he seen ploy ed, and opposed the protective, policy, because it bo felt, and that he might find a wide field of labor,pickin? up the broken fetters of that -system, and putting them looked to giving the laborer increased control over the irun ortalize his name, and live honored and respected and any platform the slaveholding managers of the into the hands-of artisans at Washington to forge them aguin intoSham Democracy prepare for them. They are the handcuffs lor our wrists. If any such bill as ia threatened should prodncts of his labor ? Was it not with the rich capi- in the colony.he introduced into Contress by the Committee of Ways and' talist who desired that labor might be cheap, and men to do it. For thf y are nothirg more nor less Means, we trust thnt the Ro.publtcans of the Western States will—The N. T. correspondent of The Plul-adeJphia exact counterpart of his picture, and hia three dreams-than the representatives of the dissolving crowd of its qnieius from ihoni, it will probably be rejected, as it will rich- ly deserve, in the Senate, end Mr. Buchanan will never have thecapitalists who desired that raw matoria'a might be "Gn dit, that the d? ing burglar, Charles Murphy, whoNorthern doughfaces. They are only the camp fol- »,ati»iaction of giving it bis uigimture."be ready to iassist in giving it its death blow. If it do not meet money might be dear ? Was it not with those foreign Ledger writes:If he were not a professor, we think he miglbu, aftwr such a fast, believe in spiritual laws and energies, aidf in himself." " %—The following table exhibits the average increasein the circumference of chest, upper-arm, and fore-arm,.'recommended a prolonged residence in the Pyrenees Sophomort'R Juniorrto insure his safety from pulmonary weakness. He SHiior*To B*ti>fj curiosity, wo give hero, also, the aver»jce of tbe ftb—says The St. Louis Bvlktin, who is "engaged in JuniorB... fceniora•'•posi-ew copies of the sermons of the nocorKwaJBbgfigii Abolitionist, Spurgeoo, to tend them to tbe ja2 yard tobeburnedonnextFriday(thisdiyweek}.$,8$>~determined to try to reaueauher it, and to make an.Che*t&8-S inch**.84-18 inches.84-61 inohes. 11-07 inches- &-61 inoht*->• FROMThe steamer.Empire City, Capt. G. Karriwu, *•*»agak«4wfr,n A&t?>icz3x&&X2uziac£it>to**MWgggigg MBSB;| t i> 1 jaagai^^iit^jai^iai£^^'.''*.'' ^^ '-"^ " ''"?'British free-trade period has closed with one of thoseThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkjured her foot that amputation was necessary; - she limi iimi mmmmmmmmammmmmmmaamaMmleaving Havana.crinie whpeerapid growth you 80 much lament 7www.fultonhistory.com • BTllTlHilMil Mill'1MB flBBI • Bfl13069 