 OL. X.—NO, 2857. mSOUTHERN (XCITEMENT.®be precates snch action, and is determined to votewho, with his long flowing white locks and his blue will we learn whether-the people of this Common- iindthe fraternal bond of union between thePRICE TWO CENTS. THE CANADA'S MAILS.of Public Sentiment in the l^ave States.m PION SLSIENT SHOWISG ITSELF.from Virgiiiia. Maiyland, Noitti CiToHM, Alabama, Kentncky,and Blaewbere.CMvcBfflMis to b« Held ia 6eM^ tad Alafcam**fkeTvrgiDJa L^slatnre to beCmveBed.S««th Caroliaa.«0V. WISE PRONOUNCED INSANE.S^Kial I>i«*atck to tk« Wtw-Yark TlmM. 'Wttaauitm, Tbnndky, Nov. li.compelledConditionhis labors forsecession.tnder the domination of such what will be aparty,theattitudeofGeorgiawithintheUnion? Represent- atives of the people, it is a question for you to deter-classes, but it is "nie Secretary of War bu received intelli- former activity of business resumed.hopedh tiitititaentyoitlaaeftheonwriting theIstInst,saysiteaee to-day Uiat the troope beld the Charleston ar- '•eaal »t ilie reqneat of the United States Naval Store- keeper, who apprehended a possible attack from a—North Carolina far the Daion Beatlraeat »ftka Preaa.Special Diapatch to the Vew-Tork Timea. RicHaonB, Va., Thursday, Nov. IS.;t400,0Wfortharotigfaly amdng the State.oBeer,the model of thatThesensation dispatches sent northward are evi-dently designed to effect Wall-street. The whole The Raleigh (N. C.) Register', in an article onOurcityvras excited on Sundaycontradictory nunbrsof a moamfiil occurrence in theCollege;schools inand41CcnHy seems to be turned into a stock-jobbing machine.A distlngaisfaed Virginia statesman arrived here-tUs evening, and announces that the disunion senti- the laws as interpreted by the Judiciary. It advisesfind the substance of the fact to be as followsmany youths has been checked by the Immoderate use of tobaceo. The Minister of Public Instruction aadflie Prefect ofentLnoaaa has been appealed to, to call together the' theThetelegraphed last night that it would be here by mail. one of the lads. Accoraliigtoour information, these from being counted in the Electoral College of the Uni- ent month of November the Moors will have paidis apparently q>reading in his State. Gov. its readers not to Goverjunent,and this that more or less, and it is supposed accepted morning, gentleman havingEspana, of Madrid, affirms that, as in tbe pres-Legislature without delay, but no response has yetare in favor of a dissolution from thecause.The wildest excitement prevailed about the hotels last night. In front of the Congaree House lond calls were made for Mr. Ram, a member of the Senate, but he declined a A in a(340,000,000keenGov. Wisa is prononaced to be deranged.The denoiuces Vir- Register EsHusn Rovrra, ofginia, for his disunion proclivities, and says that hedoes i^ot represent the popular feeling of Virginia that b^ his ow-a admission he has been a life-long dis- onionist, before be commenced the crusade against the UitioD.the Raleigh Standard contradicts the HeraWt tele- gram from that place, in which it is stated that the Governor and Council were in session, and that the Legislature would be summoned as soon as North Carolina was ripe for secession. The Standard thinks that the condition of the times requires calmness, de- termination and firmness of action, and that passion ought to be discarded. It wants to know what Mr. BucBAHAN will do if the States secede.The Daily Preae thinks that the only remedy for Southern wrongs is secession.confinement, afterpaade.Dispatch t« the Aaaociated Press. WaanxsiaH, Thursday, Nov. I},It seems that Senator RktuonD'e resignation is taukediate, a letter having been received liere direct- iag Ms personal elTects to be forthwith sent to South Carolina.The Collector at Beaufort has officially indicated his resignation, being unwilling, he says, to serve un- der a Bepublican Administration.It has heretofore been stated that the -snbject of an addrestf was under Executive consideration, but itswearly meeting of Congress, to whom, by the Constitu- tioB, the President is required to give information of the state of the Union.VlTstalat far the VniaD—Th« Tlaiea Article anCharleston,afi>ears the idea is abandoned in view of theThe third and fourth of the series werefrom on the 0th " MilledgeviUe:Inftmnslion just received from Huotsrille, Ala., «>^MOatHon.W. K. B. Cora, the representative of prevailed. that Dtetiict in Congress, is strongly opposed to dls->» <WBiiil f fcllehoolddoeally, and to say It, bat, from presentthree additional representatives in Congress.The Tims article on the Fugitive Slave law meetsAfter expressing his pleasure at the imanimity whichprevailed between the political parties so lately atstrife, he displayed the wrongs which the South had dained a Convention that would shortly carry theQ.making speech. stentorian voice exclaimed from theFour years ago, on returning from the Cincinnativrith general approval. Its remedy, to pro\i(le by law A bill was introducedfor paying to the slaveholders the value of their fugi- debts until 1861. Laid over.tire-slaves, instead of restoring them, is regarded as A resolution was introducedjust. If the North will do this, she can repudiate the Governor, in case of Federal coercion being employedposition as Senator or Representa- says :able patriots with asafeetida—and all for nothing. Just as matters might liave put on a business aqiect, the Empress-mother of Russia is taken and mustlaw tct-morrow, and there will be no disunion. There is-adesire to know whose pocket the money will eoBia -out of.TheBxttmmerdoesnot wish Virginians to alteragainst a seceding State, to employ the effectual mili- tary forces of Georgia to resist such coercion. This*Slripf.y,has been a a to-day misplaced by flag bearingstar.One cannot blame the Poles for being a little excitedtheir relations with otherthe Union, the Mr. Babtow followed, urging the establishment of a bySouthern Confederacy, with Sovereignty in the Fed- eral power, and that all State lines t>e obliterated.As there was $150,000, it might do for sUch purposes,;put,they to wait until the electoral vote in February, or any amount to defei^d their honor and secure curses of Republics."people^of business or other ties which unitethat the Convention shall be held witliin forty daysandnotraisetaxes if needmournful spectaclCj and especially so, when we con-the opera, are surely means of revenge scarcely wor- thy a noble race.The new constitutions in Austria are greeted withdisruptionexcept when their preservation will alter the reallyafter the publication of the election of Li.vooi.:<.Areginia intends to preserve the Union relations itpoa Parnde of Itlinnte Men atcockadeMr. Yaucbt's argimients are an epitome of thoseas thethe and maintains struction at the University. Thus, one cause<fe Co., Scvsza & Co., and Clarkson & As-adopted they could only report to theif he isIt is not decided yet who Virginia has gone for. Thecommences on the 26th, the members will have less than two weeks to canvass their Districts. It is theas its counsel or its action shall be neccssarv to theState, to ward ofl" peril, or to secure our future powerand prosperity.Its mission is the gravest that can devolve upon anydeUt>erative assembly, and the position of our people in this election partakes of its gravity.official vote lest.CaxsNtrr, whoa dissolution this Union be avoid- ofConstitutionally elected.C. J.Wiu-iASb was chosen Speaker. The followingstand idly by and witness:this The Ei- catastrophe.unaiis and the Tyrolese are less loyal than they werethem,be, the people oftemplatewhich the prosperity of all men engaged in trailcbetween the two sections is dependent, she mu'-'t ac-quire for herself and the South the jMjwer of protect- firemen, turned out here last night in a grand torch-He l>egiin by establishing the right of asovereign" State to withdraw from the Union, when bids opened,newspaper Press,that instead of dissolving the Unimt, kis policy willing slave property and maintainine its value againttthe action of sectional majorities or the Government. Itwasrumoredinthecityto-daythatKzkt,Paine& Mr.KriTTandothers. Co. were going to suspend business, and that Thomasall those States which had made laws ot)8tructing the action of the Fugitive Slave law had already nullified the bond of union. He advised a convention of all the gulf Stateswas not taken up then, tlie Legislature was to d^ awhich was said to have on thetranspired and disclaimed by both parties. Marshal BimDii,R. PsrcijtxasoN, old and well-known wholesale firms, haddischarged their clerks on account of the stringency A dispatcli received at Charleston from the Gov- «f the times. On making inquiries, however, I found ernor of Florida, states that Florida goes with South"the next time I wont askIhe rumor to be without foimdation. It was put in-circulation to create a panic for speculating purposes. These firms are well known in your City, and stand high bere.-I*tters received here state that the Knights of theGolden Circle are starring in Texas. Tn-y censureiren, £icxi£Y severely for misleadinp tiiem on awlld-^oose chase. They are anxious to come home A::f:iista brokers buy Kentucky and Tennessee to the Old Bominioc.The £n5Mirer of itiis morning is informe<t that all -the members of one of our Military Coinpanies. uni- fbrmed, armed and well drilled, have nndertaken to**t^OUTH CAKOL,lNA.perforin ,duty as Minute-men." What.do the Broad- The I/egislatnre—1 te Baaiaesa AceompliahedMr. Boilston amended by saying, " Managers give the usual notice of election."' Agreed to.Mr. Mcujiis offered a resolution that the Commit-**wayt>eUes saytothefollowing? Quitealargenumber, too, of the ladies, it Is said, have invested IlKir pin- money in revolving pistols, which they are Jearning to use with effectiveaccuracy."The millers refused to buy wheat to-day en anyUov.Olat—Mr.RafflaiofVirginia—Se-;;one would advise the course of a confessed coward llie other, tliat of a swaggering bully. Is it necessary to add that both are equally alien to true, cahn, col- lected courage !1'iie majority of the Virginia,papers,initiatory steptowardsforeign Powers,South. Its powers are unlimited, and it will sit, per-act, and sent to the Senate.with cheers for GAaiSALoi. Thewillonly telL It is a very close eon- general impression here Chatsideration the cijndition of putUc afTai!"., aiid deter-fore, to -makeIt is desirable there should be but one ticket run inthese Parishes—but names offered, upon twenty-twocrisis that the country has known since the adoption of the Consti- tution occurred on yesterday, and the next intelli-minethisand emergeiicy.wltat miction itcalmlywi>ciynecessary inMaryland for the Union No Exu^ 8es- that utlers of t>!on of (he I>eglkbitnre to lie Colled— Urk of tin:Character of the Dinpalclieti fraoi theBpeciel Dispatch to th* Saw-York Timea. Baitimori, Thursday, Nov. 15.The -Govemor of Maryland will refuse to ««U an extra session of thesays olunieers are coming in from all quar-The and aims objectto need comment.It has nullified theare too well knownfled to Gaeu:ofand the forsaken Diet at Frankfortperemptorily Legislature !o consider the Southern question, unless the iiiovementour citizens.vorofthesupremacyofthelawsandStates the of the conservative ofof its stoppingAhail become general.A d '!Oa?r-h icf^ved h»reof stuli- will t« exhitltcd to the wnojeof rifled old theContinentisvery"fast"forsuchf'.:v/cv ol Miji i'.--, r»;ri-.'<citf Itiirrii.1: J..iiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069and u«-. 'i r.iti-d it" altfrs to anholy ,Anti-.-:i.iverymeeting Rep-.b;;;-^!!-led to no results. Prussia stillGovernment that the Consti-r »•..:.;..- ;l.f .t -iilirc S^.tfcr, '.LiHr",.rrcs ;'i t^K Lhe jle.-^ian;c-dayfrom an" "' ' G^.r,,..,States.fopewsi^th The recen' interview of the Prince Regent the-.,cjiir.i'^t»c. ..f.jct- .iLro..i: ii..-i.iit-".'-;.'. :l>e i-'U'r1:>v.;!^nrf.-ui Snuili, liiiiiofintelligentn t^att'!- ''« wri.ir .!c-me whole ^orth. Ithas en'.eTe<l within the precincts of themeeting. It Is aDouglas men,.'VMibinj.ic a (-'I .il ^^^-':.•l, 'urtl.rF.lector ,S.:holdingT*e Tirciala licsislaziire to be Convened. Ejoumoud, Va., Thursday, Nov. 10.Gov. Lexchkr has called .an extra session of thelegislature tor (he 7il> of Jam.ary, to like into con- new staSe Capitol, now in course of erection, thishe stilled—when man should everyit.A prominent merchant of, and just from, Georgia,tokl me to-day that Georgia will most probably secede. A Baltimore merchant, just returned from a South- ern tour, says that South Carolina wUl nndonbtedly Mcede, but that the general sentiment of North Caro- lina is decidedly in favor ol the Union. The Breckin-eockade,spanked"intoagainsthe had cast his vote in Mr. Virginia for President,RorriH came on here. He has the privilege of the floor in bottf Houses, and appears to be incessant in*And finally announcing the doctrine of the irre-are the chief Disunionisti,ridge potiticiaiu Psuraioi, it is desirable to have apol-BDunm secession and disunion.A dispatch from Columbia, S. C, says that North-from4th Inst., via Halifax, arrived at Boston at 12 ^ o'clockern drummers and agentssolicitingcustom in theCaptainboftt the Palmetto, whioh ha did ia a gobd-SWred resolutions, which is quite long, reviews the causesBaltimore.There was no further mn on theBidtisaore Bankstional she has obUgMian,«o-day, trat afHsirs are Tery mer- strintant. Hooeylettv from Plerida, -thatCoL Uasdzs was hn that Stato, aifd, of course,never exacted of others also true that the Admiral was not under the necessity more than she eeaeedad heiaeU, aad even mindfol ofnight.puzzling the lawyers ; a question as to the interpreta- tional judges, we would require the means, and it nowned stars and stripes are reversed the stars are ing incendiary hand-bills, throwing vitriol on costly ;tion of the clause of the legislative act, wliich declares might be necessary to^peS8rt to additional taxation. down as emblematical of distress and chaos. Ii Is a dresses, and putting asafeetida in Imperial boxes atDispatch to the AaaocUtad Prasa.Southern Congress will assemble. Tkpt soch a b«dy-**lir: 'WeoBS was engaged as a tutor ia Oie Interiorthat confidence will soon be measurably restored, and theiqreaMtat wid<£ tfanehe was somewhat Ud,^atiaaliatjio ofthefelt theverely by workingdisunion, disapproves of secession, and will, in fu-Governortary. with all the power of the State, our Senators andas it has everConstitution and the Union, and the enforcement ofture,done,in thepast,contend for theassisted 4by negro boy of Mr. T. Hahlhi, were en-pass.bill of the Committee. In making postal arrange- tion, wliich promises to delay tliis meeting, is now ments, providing for ministers to foreign courts, addi-of the threeof theirbut post-;engage^workbreaking updestroyfiigeyeofin theofthelads were not tresp«s8inK.The Vigilance Comnuttee of Mount Pleasant ar-and that not one la ten citizens saysmore titan half the indeinnity they owe,mittee. The bill provides that the money l>e subject jected to placing the sword and the purse in the sametive element of the city. The speaking of the evening was opened by Gov. Mooax.that the young Emperor was disappointed in that in- terview. He put up with a great deal of discomfort— attended a ball where only twenty-five ladies were— present among several hundred gentlemen visitedhands, when the proposed reference failed. will proceed in regular order and will pass.The billents without having done somethingconstitu- and having or-The same paper calls on " every member of Con- the theatre, which had been perfumed by the abomiik-suspendinggiving powergress to resignhisresolution winSenator Toombs made a powerful secession speechlastdate for themeetingof the Convention.A mceques-very little difference t>etween the resolutions and thesingletlieby appearancein their midst of therepresentativesMoRTOOMiET, Ala., Thursday, Nov. IS. The Governor of the State will issue a call for a S ate Convention to assemble oh the 6th of Decem-:S. C> CoLBMBiA, S. C, Thursday, Nov. 16.;ized a friend to bythat he taliatory measures, heretofore suggested, often andHungarian languageSix hundred Minute-Men, with the military andgiven by all.was havingto allow the President of the Bank*' it."light procession in honor of se::e8sion. A meeting was afterwards held, at which Ex-Speaker Orr made a speech espousing secession. He was followed bythe terms of the contract were broken, arguing that to report to the Legislature the result. If $400,000 Exaggerated rumors were In circulation regarding cause it is not easy to discover. They are condemnedThe State Fair is progressing satisfactorily.; to the end that, after a separate State withdrawal, anew Union might be formed, and aalreadysupposednegroesit on accoimt of the scenes which had taken nlace, saying that they should first make the citizenshipFlorida with South Carolina. Wabhisqton, Thursday, Nov. 15.ALABAMA,The Mobile Register, of the 10th, urges the peoplehonorable. He is said to have added,You onlyCarolina.Union Demonetration In Missoarl.St. Louis, Mo.. Thursday, Nov. 15.states to secede, would take no ofiensive measures, ernor was authorized to purchase arms, that would be " of national prosperity." Delegates to it .^Icanwhile, whether Aus-tria has declared war orA grand Union demonstration is soon to take place in Goon or Randolph County.Confederation, through Munich, to Italy, while their places have been filled with Italian soldiers, who are not to be depended on, in case of war with Piedmont. It is clear that these Italians are equally unreliibleKenincky and Tennesaoc Money. AuucsTA, Ceo.. Thursday, Nov. I5.The discussion was continued atgreat length by" we understand that blindidea, which would invite future insults by a prjmise war with France ; but Austria is preparing fo.- tiiemotiey at 5 p<'r rent, discount, payable in Georgia and Carolina money.the Senate and House Convention.publishtheacts calling tiiemost imminent danger first ; and, besides, the greatestsufferers in the latter case would be the other Statesof Germany.Great numbers of rifled cannon have been sent toKlantua. Verona and Veidce since the last war. Skirmishes are daily occurring between the out-and exaggerates real onesmakts us as ritUculous in the lyes of the world. The tion of atfairs reminds one forcibly of itnhe period just—cesalon t« be Precipitated—Excitement Around the Hotelai &c.Corrrspondaice of the yew-York Tinea CoLiiMBiA, S. C, Monday, Nov. 12and referencetotliechoiceofdelegatestotheStateCon- tee,SouthSantee,NorthEdistoandSouthEdisto, which,ifillinesnotmakeusascontemptiblrasthcJirMt, postsoftheopposingarmies,Senatorsent in ills resignation as United States Senator, willbe in Che Convention.His Excellency, Gov. fiiST, accompanied by histhese, will be presented the vexed arising by her people. She can do this most efficiently pronusedvvife and daughter, paid a visit of inspection to thewe hear of men offered as candidates can deliberate on this as bretliren having a must be the authorized agents of the people. They ()n the 27th Inst, formal notice was the Diet Already being subject givenam told was highly pleased with all tic SUV. jLfter the inspection, I had the honor of an iiiiroihictioc to the Governor, and I must say I foundtime for contests. We have this suggestion, there- pose of preserving the honor and the institutions of ought to give the security they desire. They shouldpression of disapprobation. Meanwhile, Ancona had long been captured, and the blockade removed. So deliberately do the old gentlemen at Frankfort con-Winter, when Italy is united and free, and the last Bourbon hasmorning, and Iour beloved State. The mostbe prepared not only to counsel, but to give assurance to uie other slavpholdhig States that Virginia has a common destiny and intends to make a common cause with them.'MARYLAND.The Cambridge (Md.) Intelligencer contains the fol-tiini a iiio! t iTable and amiable gentleman.He!of the blockade The fact is, there is no German Bund worthyname. The different States are actingSouii, and th-at a distinguished officer of "^"'^ Cliy has volunteered his command to assist;1^;",!!!^'',whoTr^ u ,\c" "V"""'^'^pts^^^j'r—th<- Palmetto Htr.(c..J'fi.- i-ur... -ti -. r, i,d in not. l.j ;.,,besubmitted,byto sustain Mr. Limcoin in the administrationof the'•',',existingrested Barbk, a£d have him now in applying forty lashes.reals out of the evacuation of Tetoan 400,006,000,)will take place very shOTtly.Great preparations were being made at Plymouthlo receive the Prince of Wales, whose arrival was hourly expected.The papers report a serious mutiny in the Dutoh. East India army in the islands of Batavia and Java.Colnmbia^.would be willing to he would name the 23d of Novemlier for thie''">' "'f"^'"'''i «'"' 'heir servicesthe commonhas nothing the better. There is soLZn 10 .' 11,1- vfiii.'..-^.-. ^iI,aL.^c liuniM ci,..:Mr. DoRTtA's resolution for the Committee on Mili- toaroyrAaflftaeirisngtotihneqCuhiraerliensttootnheCietaxdpeldiency of adsdoinags;portico,aineruled bis ber of its stars to fifteen.ensign by redudng the num- He has used this flag of fif-oughtbypeople.i.|iitt)-l0tk ®tme^. NEW-YORK, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1860.—P. M.The grand object tor which the Legislature of tion to inaugurate the secession of the State from theAcademy,VIRGINIA. The Richmond Examiner thinksterms,anditdeclinedagain. Com tHibhel.see that «)nfiiderhis election a sufficient cause for dissolution, adjourn at noon to-morrow. As the regular session the State receives no detriment, and it will sit so longplace for tbe armsof thc'FirstImperial Himgarian Regimentfell eight cents anotvithstaod- ing that Lihooln was a sectional candidate, do notBsncdek,"the other day, woke 'the echoes ofSouth Carolina was called;butitsfuturedestiniesAt the the eveidng session, the bill for susp<jnsion byto take the secession, having been accom- plished by the calling of a Convention, the body willtogether,'^•'^ •"' '<">* "ke a manthrough a public meetingto admit no more Government We commend the movement to do, the worse it works heartilyIs the As soon as observed of all observers.the spoUt child" to be ••submission to the rule of the Northern majority."Therehave thejusted before the inauguratien of the new President.I^igislature proclaimtobea desiremanifestedto generaltheharborofThere was no compulsion about the matter, and mine. LetappearsdiflSculty between the North and South ad-eatering "Charleston. Itsays:Proadnent members of the thatfur the moment, let there be no divisions as to our bijg Jam« Croy was lyin^. When icy. The preservation of our State's equality in theof the relations be- tween South Carolina aad the Uidted States settledOperatiouseattlementBiore, (« mutt to the North. He laya that Kentucky during the existence of the present Administiation. OD board that vesael, an acount of whicli has been The telegraph lias spoken of certain resolutions of-the editor of the Lonisville Joumsl. is now in BalU-she reached the whart a convivial on board party wereUnion, dictates that we should be one in feeling, one ill purpose, and one in action."lina do not desire to have the National Capital of the new Confederaer within her borders. They say that the possession of aad seramble for office viill onlythe of communicating these orders to the Sardinian Ad-will meet ere long there seems to be bo deoMBather better feeling prevails in commercial No people could be more determined than thnai ot inMB we recent disiuiioa fever broke out. Soon afterctocedlngagreed at Warsaw to assembling of a Con- grecs on the Italian question. The Poles, it is said, displayed such a wild spirit while the Emperor Almx-Balt»obs,Thursday,Nov.IS.aad Sid r«sehed«hht Stkte ;uitdeclineanycirclesThere was something of a run on the Citizens'Bt U jKcaelnHl.,Jtr thaOsBSral Assembly of the State of Georgia, that the Constitatlon being the only bond of Uaioa betveeta thednsieat States of our Oontederoey,tt Massaehasetts, Vermont, Kaine,to-day.Bank, bat all the den>ands were promptly met. The pay their hotel bills, and many have already left theg«hp<.kBiMi»dfl>a epnmanlty vms iBBehezenad, tttd ygM toH fey^.h'i .ojploTera. and others that per- «( eomlbrt vroold be likely tod the he was posManbest informed express full confidence In the soundness South for their homes.m aacsad him to return North. Thisunable to conceal the vexation and felt.totally annoyance hehei^ ^(WMkCandiiia,South Carolina. Times look gloomy, indeed. The ^lBaM*datfte place Where Ua serriees irate re-agents for Nortitem houses are not selling enough toAHDia was at Warsaw, that His was H^estyThe Legislature has had twoimportantbills nnderof the bank.Many manufacturing establishments, clothiers, Ac, consideration during the day, both of which were tBB»MfmaaMT, aad an flSer wasnadeThe Dowager Empress of Russia died at St IVtera-tmmmjmme. haveredueedthenumberoftheir hands. This isse- disposed of before the attjounuBent this evening. saMradnonnlwtitlopexceptoncueoccasion,whenon the IstOne Is called the Bank bill, whksh is intended totattifc iaBwtional com|«ct, are no longer a con-allow the banks toof a war with the United States,) without a forfeitureappropriatingj har»i,:«»tk».eoBJnctor fblfll their:of their ehartenaad the other Is a bill.preeui* Ikum'tun of tanwhich he did. andthe votcsof the States aforesaid In tbe Electoral Col-so^end qieeic' payments,(in casereceive the benefitsIt is publicly asserted that the State at thetime is better provided with all kinds of arms than anyother State in the Union. The Senate passed the town of Motint Pleasant On Bank bill, and it was sent to the House and concurredin. Both Houses adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock thismorning, previous to which they agreed to adjournsine die at noon.tq. France, forbiddingfrom £x-Gov. AnAas, who arrived in theeveningpurpose. Thattimehascome,andweCapt Davis on his patriotic and prophetic foresight"promptly arrested,ringleaderswereand istrain, stoppingat the United Statesbutcongratulate PBQCiKDuiae or tbk lioiblatdre.That the Governor bethese resolotions to tbe Governors of each State of the Cocfederacy not having nallifled the laws of ae Federal tzovernment made inparsuanoe of tbe Oonstitatioo, to be laid before their respective Legislatures, and that snch States be, and they are hereby earnestly invited tohe also declined. Mr. .Vdams, however, has privatelyexpressed himself as highly gratified with the actiontaken by the Legislature in reference to a Con- callingTHE EUROPEAN CKI8I6.night, aad made quite a fine display. They wereand the Bill sent to the Senate.Mr. Tembolm called tor the special order, whichto preserve our Federal Constitatlon from destraction, andourselvesfromdegradationanddisgrace.cheered asThe Cooper Opera Troupe gave a concert here lastnight, and had a full and very fashionable audience. The Fatti Troupe were here last week and did a verylustilythey passed through the streets.was the resolution in relation tional President.to the election of a sec-Acorrespondent of the Atlanta Locomotioe writesfair business._^^^^^_ FROai AIjABAHIA.Z FOR X.country.the proper course for the South to pursue in theCorreaf^ndenceaad into effect the measures carryglyletsb,e Committee on Military Afiairs.recommendedJudgeLegislature hasand the zlingthanaU.the aggressions of Abolitionists by pro-advisers seem to favor the former interpretation, pre- judice will prot>ably carry the latter.special message•' This document seems to'•serve lostrengthenIt is a time when passions, personal or party, shouldto move the declaration In the Diet that questions to the of:importontOf course, after the action of our Legislature, with a view to seceesion, it is expected, and will be required, thateach man, whose name shall go upon the ticket,of the pany FugitiveSpain, theywilldisapprove!o hlihtuiK the bailies of South Carolina. As the SUte shall he pledged, under his band, to vote for the im- Free States.requestedpublic meeting held at the Court-house on Monday week, 19th instant, at 2 o'clock P. M., for the purposethe each in itsu«s n« atmediate secession of the State, January I, 1661.event, beforeIt has excluded yo*ir property under the forms ofpre^;,t happen to be at war, the gallantinfrom with other property, m of condemning the disunion policy of certain Southernown amuses"" '* —law,equal participationblood and tbe and a and a determination States, expressing devotinginterest;itself as It can.any The names dKided upon will thenof the whole communitii, rj^i! without any division or dillerence as lo a choice ofits settled policy limits.aad dock-yards, the and finally to interfere with the trade between thetheapprovalandsupportA action in fa- prompt and decidedmuch the more Todothe Dietaltogether. Committee which tt i,.-individiials. The good publicin the District of Co-upon South willpartinfuse into the Southern the spirit*"«'"rangementIt propos<spointed to consider the subjectcouipromise of menSt,ite, to lilt whole t^outU andagloriousuriaiiimity ir.cntand dctcrniii.ation\*ill«t-'ii' .-till '11 ui :" !• I'M i< i-j:;party of citizens. Democrats, and I'fiitin :;.cn .ire a-lpresent"and in viewthreatened that many thousand Northern men organ-Hotel,Resoli^ed,to instructed transmitthat the (Committee oftke F««ltlTe BIktc I.aw—Spirit af the ¥ir> CaaTcatlaa ta be Called ia G«arsl»-Proeee4> DtsBBiaa MeetiBg—8p«eehea af G«t. afaarei Ways and Means be instructed to sit during the re- Hon. H. V. JoHHMir is also here, but seems consid- knows how. Austria has made a decisive conunoni-iasaaftke I^egialatnre. MiuaseaviLU,Ga.,Thursday,Nov.IS.The leading men of all parties had a conference to-day, and unanimously agreed to a State Conven- tion. They recommend resistance—the time and mode to be settled by the ConventloD. GoodfeelingMiuiMiviLLE, Ga., Friday, Nov. 16. There was considerable discussion in the Senate6«B. liiuaoK, representative in Congress from the to-day, on the motion referring the Million Appropria-tion bill for arms and munitions, to the Finance Com-H^rfDld District, of this State, is opposed to secession.The Census returns show that Virginia will have to the control of the Governor. Many Senators ob-Prance,variottsky|lda Freaa—Falee Keparta.gparial Diapatck -to the Xow-Tark Timaa. RiCHHon, Thursday, Nov. li.^andprepareaschemeforraisingthenecessarysup-ported theanswerofFranceis ;unkaown. more pos-Mr. Fettla and W. I<. Taaeey.;erably humiliated. I learn be has made up his mind cess wi& the Committee on Finance of the Senate, to >*Miit.cation to whose contents are re-tke NeW'York Timea. MomooaiST, Ala., Satiuday, Nov. 10.Ivaaseaisalsohere.Buttbepostponed the election of United States Senator. Tbepostoonement will, however, in all probability, be re- eonMdered.equally of Prussia and Hussia isAto take lata eouiderstion tbe action proper for theOrSMmnttepMseat crWs. Ciaaus T. PouUkb mlttee on the UiUtatr. He said there wasgenetalmassmeetingwas held thiseveningit was baldly, necessary to say aaytklag in recom-mendation. Tbe membets ountto havemantisM BMHfes*aa*a«*at «hsto well-informed GermanAustrian UHlmstum piB^asss thamedJaUswef ftaaca to bring Ticroa EBAiniaL to reason, and threatens warw as chosen President of theideations,true, t^hatpositiveprove unsuceessful, adding that to thismeeting, being supportedbyaniunerotiscorpsofVice-Presidents,mostofwhom parenttohim. Itmightbenecessarytoraise$250,0(10Committee of Ways and Means, in to issuing bonds,consult with the Preddent of the Bank of the State, reviewing with him in detail, and arranging the mat- ter to suit tlie convenience of that institution.;the collection of for years suffered from the North—the violation by State out of the Union, it was necessary to place our-Slate enactment of the constitutional bond of union, selves in a position, in which, if attacked, we could tive." It alsoto thewealth are ••"destroyed States.that the C^lain of the XeyatOHt State wasto lower the Union flag and hoist tbe PalmcUo whenCORREgPOSDENCE. COSFESEKCK.of the Allies in Chins.yesterday morning. The mails by the Cemexda reached this City yesterday at * o'clock P. M.the P^etto flag was notdisplayed unUl the steamer had sirlTed at her berth, which iiappened to be at Uiewharfwhere thewiMom, your deliberationsjusticea Aspatch the ath«C'4nr ~sti|gd that Col. Har-affairs, Georgiachants and stock operators areno aetnal failures are annouitced. "Some of the lead-ing Railroad slacks have sligMly improved. W. tend to contamhiateTier people. The karoadag eaii school teacher, Mr. Woeiis, in a milder form than becuinsby virtoeof hersoveieignty, inthe absence message, Rome, 30th nit, to the etfeet thatseriously crippled,did not go to the Virgiaia muster."ment, and is the key atone of our Constitutional liber- Bilral, *butattack had not been attempted."Oe ty, that- Govenuneats instltuled among men, derive It it officially announced that the news published instoiyname Atlaota, Ga., as the place at isiiish thaiqt that is which the tel^iaph expressed U. U says:of any laweJ tiUtiinal, to decide for herself udoo herown and alsooUwttons, upon thewrohgs she hasGen. CiAUiHi had been beaten completely frdse.by the Neapolitans, isTlie same. tbe p^>cr putsregardingtheir just powers from tte consent of the governed,' a datedand tetoned hene."Jl<n>lti«d, That onr Senators and Representatives la Congress be instructed to use all eonstitafional means vithin their powfr to prevent the votes of the States named In the preceding resolutfon, being counted in thedesign. They Tbe Minister of Public Instruction has pubbsbed aThe Charleston paragrq)hs:C^arirr,ofMonday, contains thesesinglecircular,—and ended meet force by force. He thought no time was to bet tjsjts<,l'.',.•':}the brig, celebrating the raising of tbe Palmetto flagAs the secession ol one or more of the sovereign published. A par^ of young mea j>a»ed over from fered Mr. two hundred which Theon theStates must be iiiayniinlnitnrt to the President of theUnited it is also deemed highly important that States,to parucipate pWtelyin.the eaaltaMBtefttaday andaad wasSoath, are viewed with great scrutiny, and some of fore the preaeat Congress. So that, with the Coa- thetarig. The utmost gsaftHU^BrevaUcd all ronad. and proceeds as follows:all that South Cualina intends shall be laid be- doingiavlied to dinb on boardthnn register themselves at the hotels as hailing from -vention aad liiagialatare both in sessioa, Cahiaiida Wo would otweara. Ja. tWt ivanacetioB, that " Looking to this state ofthe brig to the steamer, avl reouested theway,subsequentlyfor complaintthe ~\On Saturday evening a party of lads, or young men,of this State is mstrocted to protect, if neeee-The resignation of Senator Hamom) will be offered them a double-barreled gun, wounding all of them tion.ted States, and by the votes of said States the geoersiresult be and the electioB decided, and changed therebytors and Representatives are instmcted to withdraw from Congress snd return home, and tbe Governor is instructedtberenpon to call a Convention of the people of the State, to adopt new safegntrdi for onr futore se- curity.vention. Several military companies paraded at unanimously. The title was then changed to an Act co5perate with Georgia in the manner herein indicated,the evil.As fiar as tlie'State of South Carolina is concerned, the day—the for action is at daya freefor has speakingteen stars since that period, and onreplied bopefuUy and confidently that tbe time would.passedhand." A similar attempt was made toget a speechbeing questioned, soon come when his flag would have a meaning and aIt was executed.and thegentleman *'In the House ofConvention Bill was read the third time and passedThe UltlBiBtBBi af AnanrlB—CoBfereacea are Odareaa—The Festh Kioto—Aaatria ea the mincle—DiaaflectiOB 1b the Anay—A Mad- erate Diet—The Heaainn CoBstitBttoB— PmaaiaB Peera—Kladderadatach, and the Fable of the Taa-cat.From Onr Gam OorrespondentFaiiBiiU], Oct 31, IBM, Saxony, Wednesday,We notice that the .Stars nndadvocacy of secession. He declared his intention to them from the North. It would take time to issue few days ago so proudly waved its iri-coiored folds to as he caiue.rr,', .Let us all be true to our beloved State.The Boston Joitriial gives this version of the story ment, framed by our Revolutionary ancestors, cannotfollowing telegramvriU be rather a warm place for the comlBf cwipk at DSB, of the United Staas Army, had obtained ing in the past for which to reproach herself. Ever Government gave orders to the Fmtcb Ad-months. fcnnlaSion, and ^oolt -httead the recent military What is most remarkable, the peooleol South Caro- parade in Vir^nia. We are ioformed by a gentle-man who has received a justRepresentatives, on the 12th, thewithdrawn, ThattheCommittee on Military Afiairs of the Senate and House, be in- structed to sit as a Joint Committee during the recess, and prepare a plan for arming the State, and for or-Hon. RoBUT TooHBS I am log txildly and manfully for histo find here talk-pres-and the following proposed:gladMr. TuKsoui thought tbe resolutkms so that plainfcli l5S5t5- «aaijLuglifclm 1 am mortifiediiwHti- decidedi$150,000 already In the hands of the Governor. The proprietyI fear It is action will be taken."noorif this meanscourse Prussia and Russia have given their approval.of raising $400,000 on bonds did not make itself ap-TbeAtlantaConfederacysaysTbe result of the Warsaw Conference does apparentbyupon asectioDkl platform, be elevated to the Presideacy and Vice-Premency respectively, tl en such election is rev- Convention, Capt R. C. Davis, of the steamer olotiona^y in character, unoonstitational in fact, andill, nouncing, amid the most tumultuous applause, tus tion from Europe. He was unwilling to purchase ever been the pride of American citizens, that but a see her son. And Franz Joszpn went back as anztoos'*lost, as it might be necessary to get arms and mimi-publish, as soon as judicial counsel would permit, the bonds and make remittances. He thought there was the breeze, over the armory- of the Gate City Guards,jnst and equal .'elaiions which exist between them. A Convention to be Called in Alabama. is tlie election of the electors sufficieni ? Legal peace, safety and happiness to their posterity. His The Savannah Rtpublican says of Gov. Brown's joy by the people. Hungary, which is most favored,seems ready to be satisfied, if tbe promises of the newIt thinks that Virginia and the South should unite indemanding and acquiring the power to preserve thoserelations which the Federal Government, as the agentof a sectional majority, will inevitably alter. If Vir- ber. He urges the people to prepare for secession. advocate of the Bell Party, followed, wearing the the amount It had been proposed to raise the interest demonstrate openly for the secession of Georgia from The Pesth Academical Senate have adopted thetions wereSouthern Republic. He stated that the border States House the same bill next session. It would take timestopped.Territories acijuired called for the purpose, to common treasure.When i machlaedemands such an ar-the Union of the citizensthetoAil party lines will thcji be healed up upon an equal lumbia, in ll;c arsenals, in the«f°f^ {"T cannon. Only two years bebtod the rest of,.,.ind aouJii.vjted.Let ti.t|'(<-'']i- j:-**;,a;/. .» : :t.eprt'pleUntitledDtentoclumithe agencies wiiich brought it about Smill South Carolina will not shrink from paying politicians, political parvenus, and trimmers are ttieplan is that the President Of the Bank of the State be authorized to advertise until 23d November for sealed bids for $400,000, no amount to be issued under parIgeneially alleged againstThe London Post'sa few days since represented the strongest conserva- by taxation. It always had been the practice of the " The first suggestion we have to make in this cri- not confirm this report. Nothing seems clearer thanMr. CoFFis was to return to his unwillingbut satis-He was followed by Judge Psttib, brother of Gov. value, State bonds and stock. He had assurances faction to the advocates of extreme measures in this cnt from Pesth says, with trust, but not with pa-give anythingPettis, of Mississippi. Tbomas Watts, a prominent from friends in Charleston of no difficulty in raising latitude. "They fully expected that Gov. Brown would tience."and, finally, Wu. L. Yancit.to 7 per cent. He wasto and was author- the Union, but so far from this, be recommends re- opposed itexclusive medium of in- greatof ill-feeling is removed.There have been several riots at Pesth, whosesaytake $10,000 at 1 per cent premium. The reason why over again, bytcrmine what was the bestHe hoped the resolutions would not pass.difficulty plantationwould not immediately secede, but would act as a bul-wark to those further South, and that they had 'boundthemselves to permit no Federal army to cross their Union, should she be not if coercion « as to take the control of the Convention which is soon to how uiany fall !" alluding pan by tliematters will not be so harmonious as desirable. InNorth Island, Georgetownpropriety of fortifying the entrance North San-Port Royal and St. Helena. Lost." This election is no holiday amusement This is Mr. Popi's resoluUon for the assessment of the val-vention, it holds the following language :no time for or divisions. Our course ue of lands in the Slate, was lost;the withdrawal ofinevita-alone. Then effective SUtelaws setting aside and destroying Congressional en-ious to the crossing of the Tieino, April, 18S0. If the .Austrian army are as loyal as they were then they will be more difficult to conquer. But some things go to indicate that the spirit of revolution haspersonal partyhere upon this occasion, is to have a powerful moralinfluence, not only upon tliis State, but upon theother Cotton States. This is not merely a Conven- to makepreiThetluough Stuttgartihe Railw^ay stationname of the Italian hero is honored in Hungary, afterto raise the money, and events are pressing us.pose the Convention carry South Carolina out of thelinow ErxzDXK intee on into the Military inquireown which is haunted by hallucinations of ;imagin-Sup- prepared at-part ;— to the takenbe called, into their own hands, and not to allow- it to military in suppressing the riots, Administration, conceding the right of individual Mr. Mdiliss favored the resolutions. The Gov- be managed by professional politicians, whom it terms death of several jiersons.which resultedin tlieterritory. He stated, furthermore, that the present tempted.and that the next Congress, having a Deraoeratin enough until the regular session. One regiment had the/im,:nmajority, would render such measures impossible procured its own arms. T!ie bill ought to be solemn- should, moreover, be men of Southern birth. Besides not,on the part of Mr. Lincolk. He stated that he would ly considered. With regard to finances, he thought this, ,\labama should have due considerdtiou for tbe lime, ^,000 men had passed from the fortresses of therather die than become a slave to the North. He de- we should have a thorough examination o^our re- rights of sister States in determining her ow-n courselied the bayojiets of the coercive officer, and closedwith an axmounceinenc of the South Carolina Con-vention for Jan. 8, and the resignation of Toombs.The enihusiasui of the meeting was imquestionable, Messrs. Cunningham, Read, McGowani Screven, Union-bigotry," it says,and if uie S(are were to be comroUtd by the feelings Coffin, Edwards and .Macfarlan. and finally the reso- passion which would sacrifice all else to a poetical for the defence of Mainz, Rastatt or Ulm, in case of its capital, secession would be inevitable.BRECK. NliWSPAPEKINDICATIONS.SOUTH CAROLINA.The Charleston Mercury, it seems, is fearful thatlutions, slightly amended, were agreed to.Mr. Aldricb offered a resolution that the Clerks ofin advance of a tanie actjuicscence, the ^^propter vitamliivatdi crtUA-n.f," as coritemptible in a nation a-i perdcrcinanindividual. AndbyVankee-phobia,weunder- bt.iJid that equally blind fanaticism which, under the guise of excessive devotion to the South, overrates the power of another section at the expense of oursources, and gain all the information we can from the -wisest miliiary men.and the Htgtsur expresses the hope that the (piestions presented will be discussed without "Union-bigotry on the one side or Yankee-phobia on the otlier. Byit a convenient Reginjentof.Artillery,viitbinitswalls,wasagreedto.infected also thecamp. "present Federal Governmentaretot)e wielde<l. aad its future coimections madewith and otber States North and banks was read a third time, tJie title changed to an ble if they arc left to acthaps, for many montlas. Its province is toactments will be and free trade between the passed,pressible conflict,' it has declared that tlds Govern-li<ngci exist, half slave and half free. OCRElectoralthe fact that it Is*and moderation* control —laying aside poUtical animositiesby DcLoao, were ordered to be printed.copies ofThe preamble to these,steamship Caneuia,LiverpoolNorth,that the PMBCh ready to comply In letter and spirit with the Constitu- miral to prevent an attack on Gaetabysea. It isgreat principle which uMerlles all free govern- as thereoeived nam her colleagues, Statesatsameriitatiandprivileges.to the otherThe three Northern PowersIn view of Ihta dBclUBtionpropositionfortheBe Becoidlngly left, aad by brokea the eaamaet of Union without the consent andagainst the of the other to the Constitu- protest partiesUnited StcaotnesstitouftiAomnearlilcya. Be-burgThe Parisinst., at 8^ o'clock.coirespond^it of the London Btrsid,train notection. He anived in Charies- fosingtitcBlBttBlAniofaieczeltemeBt, aad was advised to the State of Geeigia Is not, and ooght not to be bound by private shipbuilders for the Immediate constructkm ofjobligations,theyannaadjuai oftheUBionoBlybysuffranceof the other States, and" The150 iron-clad steam on gun-boats,Aand successful efibrt was made in the House to refer safety. Be immediately took passage on the steamer their exercise of this power and pri vll^.strongtlie Army bill to the Military Conmdttee, wntli instruc- tioDs to report on the first day of the regular session.mtb his eonsvit was 'placedIn toe for guard-houseleges of the United States, and hereby protest againstbuUt at Bordeaux onare to be of small draft of water, and wninuiuat aMid from the flag-staff of the Atlanta Grays, the re-destroyersnationalitymodeofralsmgtheamount.Mr.'CcxMKQHAH thought Mr. Copfiu's argument A negro had been severely punished for saying that orary citizenship of Pesth-ofen offered hJm, but refusedconclusive. The Committee on had Militaryhewere to be now Lis- freed,thereported a bill for arming the State. If the resolu- coiJt had been elected, and then the troubleary dangersand the general situa-ofW.C, Cievelano,nearMilledgeviUe. who is leaving for his command in Italy, had the hon-someoftheGulfStatesfromtheConlederacypassingGEORGIA.The Georgia Legislature convened on the "Ih. Mr. eral Union, will be broken up. Virgmia must not pended upon, to put down Italian liberty. Tne Bohe-is the only part of histhe to In no way ranlocal topics, he said"But for the moment above, and superior to allStates. must confer with her sister States through agents armed with plenary authorityhimselfi-imply as a citizen of South Carolina. And for her out of our Federal relations. Let us hope that now through a State Convention. Her agents must not be Venice is necessary safety Germany, and welfare let all men unite. the strifeof the recent political contest is ended, we mere deputies or ministers of Government Thev must be defended by the armies of the Bund.regardfrom all parts of the city. This is wrong. This is no common interest, at patriots actuated by the sole pur- ought to discu.ss here and ascertain what will and of the blockade of Ancona. They filed it, with an ex-thatmen fe'anrctye, triumphant in the Northern States, has at lasttheof the two old parties here, eleven being of each party. undisputed p<>ssession of the Federal Capitol.which all parties, except Union men, can unite. Let the twenty-two names be selected by the leadingus will be thatRepublicanduct national affairsIn the course of themayreachdeclaredSlave Slates into the Union, t:icreby restricting youIt hasto your jfresentaMilish Slavery fortsSlave Law in all theto will be a announce that there:sees noth-:of collies andthe use of tobacco under the name of Wide Awakes,' will be neces- cigars by the students. It is said that the physical asofvarious anddiUgcBt inquiry, we sary to secure the insugnrstion of their favorite, the:ized 'and to de-gaged bi burning effigies of LraooLH and Hahun. mand of the President that the power of the Federal the Seine are hi theirThey were assaulted by Joan M. Barbx, who fired on Government be used if necessary, for their fall protec-unceasingexertions to remedyRepresentatives in the discharge of this d nty,Resolved, That in the event this solemn protest is in- effectaal to exclude the votes of the aforesaid StatesMr. Ljifooui and Mr. Hahlut candidates .sectionalnot to be submitted toResolved, That lif the event of such election, our Sena-He is doing a good work, and is entirely abeortied in pointing outganizing a Military Bureau, and report by bill to each ent emergency. Woald to God we had a thousand The Warsaw Conference has come to an no one House A the regular Seaion Bob Toombses in this State. end,We find great division of sentiment anong theAccordingjoumataitbesis is, that it shall be a penal offence for any citizen of the Slave States to buy* or sell any article whatso- £t>er to a citizen of tbe Free States.2. The Courts of the Southern States be closed against all citizens of the Free States, in the collec- tion of debts.":which has;Gulf Stales and the other States remaining in the Fed- that of KoBSCiB. Hungarian soldiers are not to be de-a//w)(^r says furtheraddress which bearsupon exciting topic of the day. Allot alluding ed but by tht concerted and united action of the staoe- The treasury at Vienna is empty. It is said up-opening"two years ago.Virginia on good authority, that in case of a war, Bavaria haslowing" We aretoheart, aof loyalty which will effectually destroy iniquitousschemesofthemadDisunionists. Thisisnohope justice,EUROPEAN FAILURE OF TBI WABSiWrifle in the bows." gimaddressedthe directorswell as the intellectual of developmentParis correspondent seads the"It is trueGovernment has entered into contract withthe Emperor'sThis week is one of great doubt and nncerrtainty.positiondocuments tire fulfilled, and waits, as a cosrespond- "her continue. Up to the present preparationsof a •, , I .,t ,, ,•-o..ijcv..iied tilnery cju^h of iMoivi.criitoCit^y,-.ewww.fultonhistory.com 