 IiT J*ii.in riHiiiiiimsiiiHUiMi 4' ' '• i " 11 'ji ' 1<•**&"•••r-r~nvm»tr tf~ni~i-"—IH-**^"-*"" —'" ' " * ' " *JVEW-YORK^_ —^ ^ ^ *% 1860.I1 I••til>i;iri::tKClearly it must be so. The cities, especially thecommercial ones, will soon be drained, and the power-ful tendency now must be to gather the slaves uponthe remote plantations, where they can be excludedfrom popular view, and no longer be agitated by the steamer, river-steamer, rail-car, parlor, and hotel, /c chiefly in his character of a poet. In the book before us he appears as a historian andiO-TF PUBLICATIONS. -*•PERSONAL TRACTS OF WASHINGTON.RECOLLECTIONS AND PRIVATS MEMOIRS OF WASH- INGTON. By hi* adopted 80ft, GJH>*«» WA»HM«»TOX • PA»*R Cr«m. ^Hth • M«ox>ir of U* Author, >y hi* daugh- ter , rod HhMt»tfTO«ndBxpl«a»tory Not©*, b y B j c c M s J .I Lowwo. Jro.,pp.«A DorbyAJ«*»on..Beside the raieoeJlaneons reminiscences of Mr. Coatis, concerning hi* illaatrious relative, this volume comprises the correspondence between Washington and his adopted son, during the college imtso of the latter; a correspondence between Washington and the father of the author^ of the 4Recollections'* during the Revolution, a memoircir Mr. Custis by his daughter, Mrs. Miry Cu«tis ijee, a Variety of valuable explanatory notes by Jjr. Lossipg, and several papers connected with tie man jubjeit of the work ia an appendix.J Oecrge Waamngton Parke Custis was the son of Jv*hn Parke Ctutia, whose father was the first hus- bjmd of Martha- Dandridge, who subsequently be• osine the wife of Washington. Upon the death of John Parke Cu*tis, which took phce soon after the svge of Yorktown, while he was aid-de-camp to Gvn. Washington, young Cnstis was adopted by theWashington received company at what is calledABBOTTONTHESOUTHANDNORTH. to be more tban ft eingJe room. I do not know *he Harper's Ferry affair, of the year 1859. The trW:latter, and became an inmate of the fam ly at cake and a bowl of milk. Before sunrise, the wholethe steward usually received a sound rating for his prodigality. Without being in the slightest degree ac epicure, Washington had a decided weakness for fish. He carried this so far, that be even alwaysmany less of the plantation negroes than I had expect- our country knows, that disunion m abolition, and per- riven asunder the Union.Mount Vernon. During his long life, which was protracted to the age of 76, he was widely known jvr bis intimate relations to the Father of his Coun-cavalcade would often have left the house, and unken- nelled the fox. Washington was one of the most ac- complished cavaliers. He rode with ease, elegance,ed to see, and very many lees than I should have seen haps even bloody abolition; and7/«ry are willing to a few years ago. Nothing has surprised me more in accept the evil of the blood, for the good of the aboli- New-Orleans than, the small number of the jolored tion. But thie number is so small that, extensive as ia population. When the De Soto was made fast to tho my acquaintance, I have never yet met with the man levee, the wide and extended plateau was thronged at tbe North who advocated disunion.The remainder of tho book is taken up with the ve- toes of the Council of Revision. These papers have never before been published in a collected form. Theytry, a*>d was never weary in relating in the private and power.- He took no account of any vicious pro- circle and through the public press the recollecti ns pensities of his horse. The only quality which heare models of clear statement, legal wisdom, public ate codfish on Saturdays, and often received a with laborer?, but they were nearly all Germans or And here let me make a remark which lam sure foresight, and condensed logic. Since the publication;of Washington, with wh ch his memory was richlydemanded of a horse, was that he should go along,same in the streets als we drove through them. Upon Cuba, and the South, we had, in the steamer which took epeaking of this to a very intelligent gentleman, he us from New-York to Havana and New-Orleans, oneobserved that the slaves were becoming so exceedingly hundred and eighty passengers, who were mostly profitable upon the plantations, that large numbers had Cubans or Southerners. At New-Orleins I spentbeen sold from the city for that purpose; and that eeveral days, and was introduced to a large number ofpress their regret that there does not now exist a simi- lar tribunal, to revise and check hasty and Hl-consid- ered legislation. Some remedy must be devised to stop »he rapid turn of the legislative mill. Its annual grist r thould be run through some good bolter, by which therude and undigested parts may be separated from thene flour.Mr. Street has heretofore been known to the pub-of dates and details, and his exhaustive examina- tion of our State archives, have left nothing want- ing to a full knowledge of our judicial system and its changes, and his sketches will do historic justice to men to whom the State of New-York is largely in- debted for the excellence of her laws, and the wisdom of her jurisprudence. It is to be hoped that Mr. Street will exercise bis rare powers of investigation in opening up to the light some other portion of our State history. The Council of Appointments and the changes ia oar official and executive system, will afford a paralleltheme.•THE HORTICULTURIST. March. C. M. Saxton, Barker&Co.This always popular magazine comes to us with the first day of the month as fresh and full of good fruit as a well-kept garden. The Horticulturist was first edited by A. J. Downing, and published by Luther Tucker, in Albany, in 184C. At the death of Mr. Downing, the Horticulturist went to Rochester, and was edited by Mr. Barry, without losing much of it* value, though it somewhat declined in popularity. Then it went to Philadelphia, and remained a while ia charge of Dr. Smith. It was still a good magaziae, but there was a something wanted to give it zest, and increase its circulation. Then it was purchased by C. M. Saxton, and brought at last whore it should have originally started—to the great metrop- olis of the country. With the old prestige o£ Mr. Saxton as an agricultural publisher, the Horticul- turist was put upon the high road to success. Its cir- culation at once began to increase. Then came> the announcement that Peter B. Mead was engaged as it» editor, and that, to all who know him as a practical horticulturist, ai d a candid and trustworthy man, wa« sufficient of itself to add largely to its popularity; andr& ou d. Many of the details in this volume, ac- and ridiculed the idea that he could be uaseated,cordingly, have already been somewhat extensively provided tbe animal kept on his legs. Indeed, with circulated, although in their present collective form his sinewy frame and iron muscles, he had such aDelaware, in February, and brought to the Phila- a)eo it wasfound notwellto have them associaied with friends; I cropeed Lake Pontchartrain in a crowdedthey pre sent much of the freshness and interest of an. original narrative. A condensed summary of a p<ttion of the salient personal habits and traits o Washington, as represented by Mr. Custis, canno fail to prove attractive to our readers.Soon after his marriage with Mrs. Cu*tis, Wash- ington took up his abode at Mount Vernon, wher he presented a conspicuous example of ihe pursuits, manners, and tastes of the Virginia planter of that day: He had already acquired a high reputation for military talents, which, no less than his personal endowments, made him a subject of much interest to the Europeans, who were frequent visitors totenacious grip with his knees, that a horse might as easily throw off his saddle as such a rider. His favorite animal for the chase was a horse called Blueskin, of a dark iron-gray color, approaching to blue. This was a fine, but fiery Breed, and of great endurance in a long run. The huntsman Will, bet- ter known in Revolutionary lore as Billy, rode a horse called Chinkling, a wonderful leaper, and made very much like its rider, low, but sturdy, andfree laborers, as they acquired bad notions and restless delphia market for, sale. Fraunces pounced upon habits.it with the speed of an osprey, regardless of price,but charmed that he had secured a delicacy that,above all other*, be knew would be agreeable totbe palate of his chief. When the fish^was served,Washington suspected a departure from his orders sights and tbe sounds of freedom. There are many did not meet one single individual who advocated dis- biographer. His assiduity in the search and proo/timid hunters and even ladies could enjoy the ex- hiH pergonal supervison. He was always an early hilarating cry, without risk of li^e or limb; butrift-r. His toilette was soon made. A servant pre- Washington rodo gaily up to his dogs, nor spared partd his clothes and laid them in readiness, and bis impetuous steed, as the distended nostrils ofThere is no embarrassmentculture, but of very vigorous mind. He clearly under is to become of the slaves if we adopt the system ofof the house and grounds were accomplished underin thequestion," W h a t&i»0 combed and tied his hair, which, according to Blueskm would often show. He was always in atthe fashion of those daj.s, was left to grow long, and the death, and yielded to no man the honor of the gathered up in a queue. • This dress was remark- brush. After the chase, the party would retain to thenaanfion-house, where, at the well-spread board U ough plainest materials, and of old-fashioned cut. and with the flowing glass, the incidents of tbeat'le for its neatness and propriety, of the best,Prom the time o\ his marriage until his death, he field were discussed; while Washing ten, never de-itartiiy at this ineal, with no decided taste for" any particular kind of food, with the exception of fish, of which he was excessively fond. He partookan extensive hotel in a neighboring town was gaged in discussing the dinner, the chief cook re- Here, as in New-Orleana, I was surprised to see how property, moral worth; and thus prove himself a valu- the want of interest that maybe ft It by many readers inabundantly supplied by poachers with plump tired to make his toilet for an evening promenade. effectually free labor seems to have driven slave labor able citizen, let him enjoy the same political privileges the theme. The scene alternate* between the island ofHis receipts from the perquisites of the kitchen from the wharves and the streets. The city, with its . which the Irishman,, or the German, or the Yankee Amrum, near the coast of Schleswig-HoLstein, and tho haunches from the Mount Vernon stock, he at intelligence and its enterprise, is a dangerous place for may enjoy tinder the same circumstances.length consented that a stag should die.** The order often amounted to two hundred dollars a year. the slave. He acquires Knowledge 01 human rights, Let every man, irrespective of color, be offered fair city of Tunis and tho adjacent country. It presents &, X&^J4AU2<^*j6Mt**^'&iy*&-V<*l<*t**^ <*J**l*>*^waistcoat, buckskin breeches, top boots, and velvetcap. With his long-thonged whip in hand, he tookthe field at daybreak. Will Lee, his huntsman, Washington's evening parties, and paid his compli-and a brave array of friends and neighbors, follow- ed in the train, but none rode more gallantly in the chase, or with more cheery voice awoke-the echoes of the woodland, than the host of Mount Vernon.ments to the circle of ladies, with the ease and ele- gance of manners for whioh he was remarkable.Notwithstanding his great occupation in public affairs,' Washington continued to pay the strictest attention to his private concerns. He was in the habit of receiving regular reports from the agents Of his estates in Virginia/and directed by letter the management of those extensive estates with con- summate skill and success. He also inspeoted the weekly accounts and disbursements of his house-A TRIP TO CUBA AND THB SOUTH. By Joit.i S. C. As BOTT. *12mo. pp.332. Abbey & Abbot.T i e impressions received during a rapid Southern tour in tbe*.month of December hist, inoluding a V05 oge to New-Orleans, and an overland journey home, are recorded in this volume.' It shows the imvJkB of haste in preparation, and something of tbe carelessness of expression and statement, which is tbe easily besetting sin of the author; but its atimated descriptions, and the frankness and oor- diality of its tone, are adapted to give it a favorable reception, even with readers who differ most widelywhat I see along my line of travel. In all these eerly tbepeopleof the Sjate were filled with the spirit "cabins," a hole out through the wall, closed, occa-sionally, by a rough board shutter, affords the only of liberty, and how ready they were to resist theentrance for light, except the door, and the chinks, tyranny of arbitrary ralers, and the usurpations ofoften very wide and numerous, betwo&n the loga, venal and vindictive judges. Something more thfta boards or slabs which compose the building. I nevereee a plot of gTeeri grass, a yard, a shrub, or a flo wer. a hundred pages are devoted to biographical oketohet I have never yet passed, through any country so en- of the men who composed the Council of Ke- tirely destitute of all picturesque, artistic beauty, the vieicn. With msny of the names the publio are work of man's hand, as are our claveholding States.After the close of the Revolution, the huntingestablishment, which had gone down during t h ewar, was renewed bythe arrival of a pack of Frenchhounds, sent out by Lafayette. These dogs woreof great strength, and fierce courage. They wouldhave been able to encounter tbe wolf or bear, oreven to grapple with the lion on his native sands, aswell as to pull down the stag in the American forest economist. While he wished that his style of livin gfamiliar—such as John Jay, George Clinton, Daniel I). Tompkins, De Witt Clinton, and James Kent, But. how many of our readers ever heard anythiag of John.Lansing, jri, Richard Morris, Egbert Benson, Henry Brockholst Livingston, and- Jacob RadclifTfIt was necessary to keep them in close confinement,as from their ferocious disposition, they would nothesitate to devour a stranger, who might pass thein His steward, Samuel Fraunces, was a man of con-at the stopping places, and the poor whites seem as to- as much to Egbert Benson as to any other one of thekennel after night-falJ, should the gates be unclosed. The huntsman always presided at their meals, and it was only by the vigorous use of the Hsh that any degree of law and order could be preserved amoag these savage animals. ' If the weather permitted, there was a hunt three times a week. Breakfast was served on those mornings by caudle light. Washington, as usual, took nothing but an Indiansiderable taste and talent in his profession, but at tbe eame time was ambitious, fond of display, and reckless of expenditure. This produced frequent difficulties between the President and the steward, though tbe latter was one of the most devotedly attached to him of all the household. The.expenses of the presidential mansion were settled weekly,tally destitute of ambition as are the slaves.In the course of his tour,' he found no want of attachment to the. Union, in spite of tbe cry to thecontrary which echoes from so many quarters.of great bone and muscle.was to keep with the hounds. Gallantly did he perform his task. Mounted on Chinkling, throw- ing himself almost-full length on the animal, with a French horn at his back, and his spur in flank, this bold rider would rush, at full speed, through braketouching tbe provision t o ^ e made for his table, fceclnded plantations now, where there are from five union. .hundred to. a thousand slaves. They are never permit- For aught I know, there may have been thousands and said to Fraunces, who stood at his post at the ted to leave the plantation—never. - And no one is per- in that region in favor of disunion, whom I did not mitted to visit them from another plantation—not ene. meet; but I did not converse with a single one who sideboard, ' What fish is this V 'A. shad, a very Thus they are buried from the world, and toil in dark- advocated such views. On the contrary, I met manyor tangled wood, in a style at which modern hunts- men would stand aghast. There were roads cutI am struck with the kindness with which the white —three—three dollars,' stammered out the con- population address the negroes, and the manifestly science-stricken steward. ' Take it away,' friendly relations which generally exist between the tw o classes. The negrophbbia at the North is unknown thundered the chief; 'take it away, Sir; it at the South. This afternoon I went to an African shall never be said that my table sets such an ex- church. A slave preached—a man entirely withoutThe only duty of Willfine shad,' was the reply; * I knew your Excellency ness from the cradle to the grave. If their master was particularly fond of this kind of fish, and was chance to have a respect for religion, they receive some faint reb'gions instruction. If, as is more probably the so fortunate as to procure this one in market— case, he is a mere rran of the world, they are left to a solitary one, and the first of the season.' • The utier heathenism. In Africa, some missionary might reseh them. On the plantation of an infidel masterthere is no hope.ample of luxury and extravagance.' Poor Fraunces stood, and touchingly unfolded the plan of salvationtremblingly obeyed, and the first shad of the Beason more-deeply impressed with the beautiful adaptation was removed untouched, to be speedily discussed by of Christianity to the wants of the world. Clay,the gourmands of the servants' halL" Webster, Jackson, our strongest, wisest, firmest men, have given the mest empnatic utterance to their The chief cook of the establishment was a cele- soul's need of an atoning Savior. And here rises a brated artist in his line. His name was Hercules, poor slave, unlettered, and in the darkest ignorance, so tarns human knowledge is concerned, and yet rich and he was familiarly called Uncle, Harkless. in this Christian faith; and as he unfolds a Savior's Trained in the mysteries of his profession from love, he sways the hearts of his auditors as no other conceivable theme could move them. . My eyes were wore the miniature portrait e>f his wife, suspended viating from his orderly habits for the sake of con- early youth, in the palmy day's of Virginia, when dim with tears, as in broken language, he spoke ofl)j a gold chain from his neck, and resting on his vivia1 pleasures, would, after a few glasses of Ma- the smoke of her thousand chimneys gave token of patience under life's cares, and depicted the glory of that world where there shall be no night, and wherewho spoke in tones of sadness of the bitterness of the strife, and who deplored the idea of any separation be- tween the North and the South. As I perused the fierce denunciations in Congress, I was often led to inquire: "Where do these fiery spirits come from 7 and whom do they represent 1"Disclaiming all violent attempts at emancipation, it is but just to the author to give his own statement of the methods which seem to offer a solution of the problem.WQIiamsbnrg and Annapolis, then the centers of apolished and brilliant society, as well as the capitalsof their respective colonies. On his first removal toMonnt Vernon, both the mansion-house and the es-tate were inconsiderable. All the embellishments through the woods in various directions, by whichprice, Sir; the price V continued Washington,, in a stern, commanding tone; ' the price, Sir V * ThreeDAILYTRIBUNE,SATURDAY,MARCHthe drawing-room. The president attended Mrs.but that there are plantations where the most tasteful SOUTH AND NORTH; Or, IMI'KKWIONH RKOHIVSD DuaixO lottages are reared for the negroes. I only speak ofand acquittal of certain Proteetaot preachers ia 1741,and of Zenger, an editor, for libel, in 1735, «b.*w howbold in Philadelphia. Washington was a practical from bim in opinion. A considerable portion of the 'book is occupied with discussing various aspects ofAnd yet, neither France, England, Switzerland norGermany can present such a diffusive display of tastean is gathered around tbe homes of the Free Stales.The appreciationof tbe beautiful, attending the gen-eral expansion of inteliectnal culture, ia spreadingwith marvelous rapidity, through out tho induatrioasand thrifty Nor'b. This difference can only bo at- And yet these men were persons of mark and infl«- tributed to tbe difference in our social and political iu- enco in their day, and perhaps it is not too much to etituiione. It is very rare that I see any n9wspapers say that New-York, and the whole United States owe offered in tho carsj there is no aspect of• intelligenceshould correspond with his station, he was utterlythe Slavery question, and though firm and decisive in its attachment to freedom, treats tho subject; without bitterness or denunciation. W e extract his account of what he saw in New-Orleans, on the first Sunday after his arrival in the CrescentCity:SuvJay, Dec 11.—This is the great market day intbe French quarter in New-Orleans. As I was anx- ious to witness the novel scene, which brings in a lar«e number of plantation negroes with their little ventures for sale, I went down at an early hour of the morn'ng, to the market. The whole scene is most decidedlyaverse to. all sorts of extravagance and waste.great names that adorn their history. In a note to the Life 0/ George Clinton, Mr. Street has given an ab- stract of the famous controversy between New-York and Vermont, containing all the facts necessary to * full understanding of its merits and its settlement.It has never jet been my misfortune to meet person-ally with a man, at the North, in favor of the diitoolutinci the Union. I am aware that there are a few. a very history of the claims of the several States to Western few, of those who are Usually called "ultraaooJition-jfite," and with whom the North is in but little sympa-thy, who have proclaimed this desire. They wish for.disunion, for they know, and ©very intelligent man inand upon the bills being presented for his inspection^ French, and reminds one of Paris. Still I saw verylands, under their royal charters, and their cession o£ them tg the United States, and to each other, thereby settling disputes, which, if left in abeyance, might havepresent of the unsavory viand prepared in the New- England style, as a compliment from aome of the New-England ladies at tho " Republican Court."" It happened that a single shad was caught in theIrh-b. Barely could I see a dark skin. It was the will astonh-h my Northern brethren. On this trip to of Mr. Street's book wo have heard many lawyers exbvrooj. After sunrise he iavariably visited and in- deria, retire supperless to bed at nine o'clock. generous hospitality, Uncle Harkless was, at this all tearp eht11 be wiped from"every eye. The singing fertile fields of the country, instead of accumulatingspected his stables. He was very fond of horses,time, as accomplished a master of the culinary art was an extempore wail, without articulate words,them in the cities. They are now just where they are needed. They understand just the work we wish them to do. They are acclimated. Their humble cabins are built, and they are so accus- tomed to tbem that, cheered by hope, they can endure them a little longer, until they can rear respectable homes. Schools maybe established,, and a race may thus be lifted from the lowest debasement to manhood.. and his equipages were alwaya of a superior order. Washington's last hunt with his hounds was in as could be found in the United States. He was a such as I never neard before from earthly voices.A Southern Christian gentleman, who accompaniedTbw isir, and a thort time spent in the library, 1785. His time Was too much'* absorbed in his pri- dark brown man, not much above the middle' Bize, me, and who sympathized with me in every utteranceoccupied the morning tall the hour of breakfast. The utmost eimplicity prevailed at this meal, con- tray to the prevailing custom at that time in Vir- ginia, wiere th^e breakfast table was spread with roast fowls, ham, venison, game, and other sub- stantial luxuries. Washington never changed hiskrtfperaie repast of Indian cakes, honey, and tea. sive deer-park below the mansion-house, at first After breakfast, books and papers were offered to stocked «nly with the native deer, to whioh was tno'goests for the r amusement; they were request- afterward added the English fallow deer, from the ed to entertain themselves; while the hostproceeded park of Gov. Ogle of Maryland. The stock ofto tho daily routine of his agricultural concerns. deer increased very rapidly, but though always He rode upon his farms, without attendance, open- herding together, there never was perceptible the ing his gates, pnllirgdown and putting up his fences, slightest admixture of the two races. On tbe de-Tell me not that this is fancy, speculation, a Utopianvision. It is fact. The thing has just been done be-fore our eyes. All that we want is the willing mind.The • Southern slaveholders, for they now wield the now, we suppose, the present number goeu to the whole political power of the South, the non-slavehold- largest list of subscribers it has ever had, and we have ers, the poor whites, having but little more influencevate affairs and in public business to allow him to indulge in field sports. His fondness for agricul- tural pursuits, and the number of visitors at Mount Vernon, induced him to break up his kennels, givebut possessing an almost fabulous strength, which reminded one of his namesake of classical antiquity. The chief cook gloried in the cleanliness and nicety of his kitchen. The slightest, speck or spot that could be found on the tableB or dressers was viBitedof the preacher, eaid, as we came out: " Many of these poor creatures will hereafter be in Abraham's boEom, when, perhaps, some of their present owners may be with Dives imploring a drop of water to cool their tongues." .These slaves, aided, undoubtedly, by kinl Christian friends, for there is much, very much, of true Chris- tian sympathy with them here in the South, have succeeded in building a church which cannot have cost less than ten thousand dollars. It was really touching, at the close of the service, to see BO many of these young men, born in bondage and in bondage to die, go up.through the aisle and lay their contribution of a dime upon the table. I noticed, very accidentally, that the contribution of my Southern friend was five dollars,Mr. Abbott receives an agreeable impression of Mobile, though its society presents a mixture ofaway his hounds, and to take a final leave of thepleasures of the chase. He then formed an exten- on his underlings with summary retribution. Buta* he parsed, .visiting his laborers at their work, ' cay of the park paling, and the dispersion of. theand exercising a rigid scrutiny into all the details of d*er over the estate, as many as fifteen or twenty in full powder, placed the first dish en elements which he cannot readily comprehend.their slaves from compulnory labor, and substitute the tions, beside some sixty pages of advertisements, many sj stem of free labor. The great agony will then be ,over, and we are at peace. Laws should unquestion- of wliich are as interesting and valuable to Bubacribewably be passed adapted to the new order of things; as the pages of reading matter. lay* 8 prohibiting vagrancy, encouraging education, andstimulating every branch of industry; laws based upon WOLFE OK THE KNOLL, AND OTHER POEM& B> character, not color; laws embracing equally Ethio- ' Mrs. GBOJU;H P. MAR«U. 12OIO., pp. 327. Charles Scribaecthe chief glory of Uncle Harkless was in preparing the great Thursday dinner, when members of Con- gress sat at the table of the President During his labors on this banquet he required some half dozen aprons, and napkins without number. His presid- ing genius brought order and discipline into the bustling scene. When the steward in snow-white apron, silk small clothes and stockings, and hairin public affairs than the slaves themselves, should in their Legislatures, by the enactment of laws, similar to those passed in the British Parliament, emancipatenot a doubt that every one of them will be entirely satisfied that he lias got his money's worth in its one hundred and forty -four handsome pages and illastra-.J the table, the clock being •> on the stroke of Thursday, Dec. 15.—At eleven o'clock yesterday I pian and Caucasian. If the elective franchise be with- The principal poem in this volume is founded on an reached Mobile. Hospitable friends there took me to held, as it ought to be, from the negro, who is ignorant Id Scandinavian tradition, which the author has ren- cisely, the industrious farmer always returned, very tenacious o£ his game, and would suffer none four, tbe labors of Heroules were brought to an their house to dine, and in the afternoon I rode through and debased, let it also be withheld from the white ered into modern ..verse, whose graceful flow andend. While the leaders of the republic were en- the city and its suburbs. The day was unusually fine, man, whether native or foreign born, who has sunk tochanged his.dress, and dined at 3 o'clock. He at; to be killed, until being convinced that the larder of and to me the city looked exceedingly attractive. the same level. If the negro acquire intelligence, triking imagery, in no small degree, compenjate forlie *KtabIJshjn«nt. At a quarter before three pre were often to be seen in a herd. Washington wassparingly of dessert, drank a home-made beverage,and four or five glasses of Madeira wine. A'ter the was given to young Custis to fire with ball, to use Most of this sum was lavished on his dress, though by working with others who receive wages when he wages for his work. Let every man, irrespective of series of lively incidents, connected by a plot of con-he was by no means a model of manly beauty. His receives none; who can come and go at their pleasure, color, be encouraged to make the most of hiinself he siderable power, and Illustrative of human passion removal of the cloth, he drank to the health of every no hound*, and to kill no one but an old buck. when he, from the cradle to the grave, must obey a can, intellectually, morally, and physically. Let under forms of social life with which we are littleperson present, and then gave his only toast, " All After a lively hunt, a gallant veteran yielded up his wardrobe was selected with fastidious tasts, and master's imperious will. It is found expedient, almost every man, irrespective of color, be permitted to seeko*irfj;er.ds.*fThe afternoon was usually devoted to the library.regardless of expense. His linen was of the purest necessary, to remove the slave from these influences, such employment, and such employers, as may beat familiar. The most attractive feature of the poem, life, and was carried in triumph to the mansion- and send him back to the intellectual stagnation and promote bis own interests. This is democracy, and we howevor, is its vivid delineations of the, scenery of thebefore retiring to rest, making a circuit of several miles. H e was always a strict and exemplary observer of the Sabbath, and never failed to attend Divine service once" a day, when within reach of aplace of worship.Poring the interval between 1759 and 1774, thetime which Washington could spare from his build-ing and agricultural improvements' was devoted, intiring to bed at nine. On Saturdays, he rested some- exercise of the morning, in attention to agriculture South are bewildered by the Bame apparent diversitya great measure, to the pleasures of the chase. Heappears to have had no taste for shooting or fishing; rise, Bishop stalked into the stables, a muslin hand-I should infer that there was a very numerous class at blessing.plish." Washington replied 1 u Sir, I rise at the South, composing the great majority of its popula- The topics to which this volume is devoted, andbut fox-hunting was a sport in entire accordancewith his athletic habits and his fondness for eqaes-trian exercises. Hut kennel was situated near thefamily vault, in which his remains were at first de-kerchief in his hand, which he applied to the coats of the animals; if the slightest stain was perceptible on the muslin, the luckless stable boys were at once subjected to due punishment by the veteran disci- plinarian. In Philadelphia, the stables were underfour o'clock, and a great deal of my work is done while others are asleep."In personal appearance, the form of Washington was harmonious in proportions, rather spare than full during his whole life, although his weight was from two hundred and ten to two hundred andtion, whose mothers had led them in infancy, ii Imay quoto an expression of-Foetus, on " buttered thunder.The rural districts, however, present a different picture. .Monday, Dec. 19.—At 8 o'clock this morning I took the cars,and, crossing the turbid flood of the Savannah, entered the State of South Carolina. It was a warm, unclouded morning, and the sun, that wonderful beau- tilier, illumined the landscape, and, as we glided along over an undulating country, diversified with groves and streams, and wide-expanded cotton-fields, warmed and fertilized by a climo so genial, one could not butthe spirit in which they are discussed, though they may arouse a tempest of opposition from those who regard silence as the only guaranty of safety, will secure it a wide circulation among the friends of freedom throughout the country.THK COUNCIL OF REVISION OK THE STATE OK NEW- YORK: ITRHISTOHT: A HISTORY OX TUB CODRTH WITH WHICH iT« MKMBKRS WKK» COSNKOTKD: BIOGRAPHICAL SKVTCHKH OF ITS MKMHKIW. AXI) ITS VKTOKH. RJ AI.FKMD B. STKKKT. Albuuj: W'iliiiim Gould, PubliaW, 1859.posited. It was a rude structure, but affordedcomfortable quarters for the hounds. The pack the care of German John, whose grooming of thewas very numerous and select Every morning white chargers was a study. The night before the and evening, Washington visited and inspected the horses were to be ridden, they were covered overwenty pounds. In his prime, he stood six feet twoinches, and measured precisely six feet when attiredfor the grave. His physical strength was remark-able. In athletic exercises he had few equals, and exclaim, What a favored region has God here providedkennefe, in the same manner as he did his stables.H e took pride in the discipline of his hounds. Ifin running, one of them lost the scent, another wasat hand immediately to recover it, and thus when •with a paste made of whiting; then they were swathed in body cloths, and left to sleep upon clean straw; in the morning the composition had become hard, was well rubbed in, and curried and brushed, which process gave to the coats a beautiful satin-no superior. His power was chiefly in his limbs. They were long, large, and sinewy. His frame was of equal breadth from the shoulders to the hips. His chest, though broad and expansive, was not prominent, but rather hollowed in the center. Hisfor man ! Nature seems to have lavished her gifts in richest abundance!Such is the title of a book which is a most valuable the negro nice in the free States. The course of na- contribution to tho history of this State. It is a monu- tional politics during tho last ton years is freely com- ment of patient industry, careful research, and accu- mented on; eminent living statesmen are introduced on rate information. All the journals, documents, records, the scene; and frequent sketches of public life in and manuscripts, in the State Library and Stuto offices, Washington diversify the interest of the narrative.in fall cry, in sporting phrase, you might cover thepack will, a blanket. He kept a register of hi* like gloss. The hoofs were then blacked and pol-But what has man done to develop the resourcesthus placed at hig disposal, and to embellish the gardenthus given him to till and to enjoy 7 Vast regions arein eolituce. Many fields are worn out by wasteful cul- appear to have been read and rummaged, and every ture, and are abandoned. Old plantation-houses, de-house, to await the master's inspection. Punctual white, and of the finest quality. Black small gloom of the plantation.at a quarter to three, Washington arrived from his clothes, waistcoat, and stockings of costly silk, en- Tae Irish and the Germans seem to do nearly all thecall ourselveB democrats. I am a democrat, and mean desert, and of tho frozen regions of the North, betweenAt night, he would joi.: his family and friends at morning ride. Upon the announcement that a fine hanced the splendor of his array. His highly-pol- work of the streets. White girls are being also more and more employed in domestic service; and 1 thinkto be a consistent one—a democrat in its true ety- mological sense.which we are transported at the pleasure of the wri'er. The composition of the story indicates an adrnirable poetic instinct, a true sympathy with the varied mani- festations of nature, a high degree of literary culture, and the advantage of judicious and observing foreign, travel. A portion of the volume is devoted to mis- cellaneous poems, several of them translated from theThe slaves, thus converted into freemen, with their the tea-table, and enj >y their society till bed-time, buck liad been shot, he strode away to the spot, ished shoes rejoiced in large silver buckles, which that but a few years will pass away ere nearly all of long-loet rights restored, would have no motive for thew "nich was usually at the eariy hour of niae. When covered a considerable part of the foot. The grand the colored population will be removed from the fitiei destruction of property or of life, but would at once where the "antiered monarch of the herd" had of the South. Indeed, now, New-Orleans and Mobile become interetited in the preservation of the publicno company was present, he frequently read to his been placed. Examining the deer that had been costume was completed by a blue cloth coat, with seem bnt little more bko slave cities than do Philadel- peace. As a general rule, they would remain in theirfamily extracts from t&ie new publ.cations of the triced up to a tree, he saw that his orders had been velvet collar, and bright, metal buttons, a long phia and New-York. Eresent homes, and among the associates of their child-day, and on Sunday, sermons and other religions obeyed to tie letter, gave a nod of approbation, andwatch chain dangling from his fob, a cocked hat, Mobile and its environs are almost perfectly flat, but ood, a free peasantry, cultivating their native fieldsworks. He read with distinctness and precision, though his voice had been somewhat impaired by an early pulmonary affliction. He frequently appeared absent-minded, when sitting with his faintly; his lips would move; he would raise hi* hand, evidently under the influence of thoughts which had no con-nection with the quiet scene around him. In Win- ter, when the weather prevented him from taking his usual exercise, he was in the habit of walkingit has the peculiar beauty of the prairie. There were as hired laborers. 'Some few would purchase small Swedish and German, and it closes with an original according to his custom, retired to his room to and gold-headed cane. In this magnificent apparel, a great many^ homes which looked attractive, and as farms for themselves. Gradually others would followthe chief cook invariably passed .out at the front though any one might love to live there; and from the dresa before the second bell for dinner. The next door, the porter making a low bow, which was appearance of these homes, with front yards andtheir example. The poor whites, incited by'this tribute of singular pathos and beauty to the nearestchange, and able to hire laborers, while they have friend of the poetess.been utterly unable to buy them, would see a newworld of hope opening before them. Soon our whole EDGAR POE AND HIS CRTTIC* By SARAH HKI.KX WHIT-day, several guests having assembled, the haunoh v.as served up in the family dining-room at Mountshrubbery and flowers, I am sure that the society here promptly returned. His appearance among his must be pleasant. The country, in the extreme South, fellow-loungers in Maiket street, then a place of is far more attractive than I had expected to find it. Vernon, and the deer was long remembered as the fashionable resort, attracted not a little attention, The yellow-feyer epidemic is a very serious drawback to the idea of a residence.in Mobile. Were it not for this, it seems to rse that beneath its sunny ekies, anyman might love to find his home. ';The society I meet here is frank and agreeable. In-Southern country would exhibit the aspect of cheerful and happy industry, which enlivens and blesses the North. The poor whites, now So debased, would rise to the position of proprietors, with hired servants di- rected by their energies—the energies of a race now, doubtless, notwithstanding their debasement, superior to the colored race.Tbe colored man, inspired by the spirit of liberty, would develop new resources of body and of mind. His home would become attractive. Hie children, neatly dressed, would be gathered into Sabbath-school. The church-bell would send its echoes over mountain and flowery savanna; and those sanctuaries of God, without which there cannot exist an intelligent virtu- ous, and industrious people, would diffuse their ines-MAJJ. 12rao., pp. 8L Rudd &. Carloton.The memory of the unhappy poet, which has been the prey of such bitter assailants, both during hi* troubled life and since his deaii, has here found an earnest and able defender. . She dwells, with affection-ate enthusiasm, on the rare traits of his genius, the charms of his companionship, and the magnetic personal qualities, by wliich he attracted aud held a devoted circle of friends. The faults and errors which threw a dark shade over his reputation are not explicitly called in question, but they are covered with a veil of tender regret; and every extenuating circumstance, which theWashington stag, having been killed by his specialorder, and served at his table in the very last year tionary. of his illustrious life.During the whole of his Presidency, Washington The last days of Washington were devoted tofor an hour in the eastern portico of his mansion, preserved the habit of rising at four o'clock and re- constant and useful employment. After the active from darkness. I often wonder if our brethren at the. what from his labors, by either riding into the coun-.try, attended by a groom, or with his family in his loaded with letters, newspapers, and pamphlets.of character in our Northern men. The Southerners whom I meet at the South in .social intercourse, to whom I am introduced at hotels, in steamboats, and at the fireside, are genial,* friendly, courteous—gentle-whioh was highly enjoyed by the important func-and Tural affairs, in the evening came the post-bagcoach drawn by six horse9. His stables were al- His correspondence was immense, but it was men in tone, kind and polished in manners, ever recog-vain, but who are revealed to me in newspaper edito- with a right spirit, prays and labors for this, ia neither horse was an old fellow named Bishop, who had, good manners and propriety. Gen. Henry Lee rials, in convention speeches, and in Congressional a fanatic, reran incendiary, nor an enemy or thedeprecatory rather than a polemic spirit; it has frequent passages of true pathos; it shows a highly cultivated taste; but will probably produce little effect in chang- ing public opinion as to the character of its subject.ADELA:TwxOCTOROOX. BI3jII.L.HoiKKH.12mo»,pp.400. Columbus: Foflett, Koitwr, & Co.In this story, which is intended as a contribution to the literature of political anti-slavery, the condition' of the blacks, both in bondage and freedom, is contrasted with the advantages presented by the colony of Libe-a. The plot, which is elaborated with care and inge- uity, is founded on incidents which are too improb- able to command general sympathy. One of the most striking features of the volume is tho somber view which it holds forth of the disabilities and hardships otbeen the body servant of Gen. Braddock. At cock crow the stable boys were at work; at sun-once observed 4o the chief: " W e are amazed, debates. The difference between these two classes is South. Sun* ufti 1 that there are thousands of South- sir, at the vast amount of work that you accom- eo vast as to excite astonishment. From what I read ern wives aiid mothers whose hearts yearn for thishorses and h*nnds, in which might* be found the ished, the mouths washed, and the teeth picked andnames, ages, ana ruarks of each, and with these cleaned. Tho leopard-skin housings were then frame showed an extraordinary development ofserted by their former inmates, are tumbling into ruins;, aiid the negro cabins, hardly superior to ordinary pons lor pigs, in their rottenness and desolation, harmonize with the whole aspect of decay. Occasionally we paBBfact bearing upon the subjects of the book ex- THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY. March. Tioknor &. Kleld*. tracted, and stated in the briefest possible terms. In addition to tho agrceablo melange of lighter The first eighty-four pages give a complete, minute, literature in this number, the articles on the Electric and clear account of tho origin, organization, jurisdic- Telegraph, and On Screw Propulrion, though, per- tion, and powers of all tho Courts, from the earliest haps, not entirely in keeping with the general charac- times under the Dutch, down • to the .present day. ,We ter and purposes of tho magazine, present a good deal cuniiot see that anything essential to a full knowledge of important information to which the public attention of tint branch of our State history is omitted. To our may properly bo directed. Thelast-named paper is un- lawyers, judges, and legislators, this treatise is most derstood to be from the pen of a meritorious naval offi-companions of the ch**^ he was as punctual in hi* properly adjusted, and the chargers led out for attentions, as to any othe* business of his life. At service.bow' and muscle; his joints and feet were of un-the commencement of the s e a . ^ Mount Vernon became crowded with guests from the neighbor- hood,* from Maryland, and elsewhere, -a^ejr visitsusual »ize; and his hand was said by Lafayette tohave been the largest he ever eaw on a human a mansion which presents" some little air or gonthity.The public days of Washington, while first Pres-ident of the United States, were two in each week. being.On Tuesday, from 3 to 4 o'clock, a levee was held tfn addition to the interesting personal details con-but, even the best of those residences have a lonely ana unatti active aspect. But very littla taste is expended in then- external adomings. The "nigger cabins" ^in tbe vicinity always look repulsive. Those residenceswere prolonged not only for daV , but for ^ ^ for foreign Ministers, strangers, and others, who cerning Gen. Washington, of which we have se- are widely scattered, ren>ote from society, from schools, and they were entertained with the exuberant hos- <ould there be presented to the Chief Magistrate churches', shops, libraries, post-offices, and markotn.niialiry of the Old Dominion. Washington wasf> Th *ljC fc,rDOalitvlected some of the most striking, the volume con- Tbe cabins of' tbe negroes, when rega-.-ded asof letters of. introduction. tains many important illustrations of Revolutionary home* for fa'bers and motheis, eons and daugh-acceptable for its compreheneivc brevity.cer, Commander Walker, who is known to bo well qualified by his researches in'France and England, for tho discussion of the subject. His views are ex-&:wajs inperbly mounted, and in the genuine cos- , U'!8a,*';> *fl0 President gave his Congressional history, ard forms a Valuable addition to our means ters, are miserable indeed. I have not yet been TVA brief hiBtory of tho alarm, the trials, and judicial"murders, growing out of tho delusion known as thoNegro Plot, in 1711, furnishes a remarkable parallel to pressed with great decision and ability, and will servet - s e ofthe chase. He wore a blue coat, scarlet and Diplomat c din*,,,,gmd o a Frid&y u i a t > M n u of comprehending that eventful period.«o fortunate as to seo one in which there. was » pime of glass, or in which there appeared••through faith in Jesus Christ I have never beenfree labor 7" W e want every one of them. In tae Weet Indies, instead of sending any away, they are doing everything in their power to induce more to come, and jtin the eight hundred thousand free labor* ers, who are^ now tilling those beautiful ocean isles. The United States, at this hour, need laborer ers, more than anything eise. We have millions of acres wait- ing for the plow of the culiivator. We have vast crops of corn, and hay, and sugar, and cotton, and wheat, which require the strong arms of industry, and the shout of free voices, welcoming the harvest home. The very moment that free labor is introduced we shall hear no morf of the "nuisance " of having strong, and docile men r*ady, for moderate wages, to till our soil. A kind Providence has spread them over thedeed it eeeme to me that there must be two classes ofSoutherners, as different from each other as light isways in the finest order, and his equipage excellent promptly and fully attended to. No letter was un- nizing the courtesies of refined society. But there.is f%»»We blepeings ov«r a rejoicing land. May God ingenuity of affection could suggest, is eloquentlyboth in taste and quality. Washington's master of answered. This he deemed a grave offense against another class whom I never meet, whom I seek for in hasten the a.d\ t st of this happy day! The man who, pleaded in their favor. The volume is written in aUntitled Documentmsteamer to Mobile; visited friends there; ascended the A'abuma four hundred miles to Montgomery iaone of the large river boats, filled with Southern passengers; and thence, in rail-cars, passed through the heart of Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina. North Carolina, and Virginia, and during this whole route, in osean-On, page 151 will be found a note giving a concise VThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com•BMRnmeRES 