 ISejMgt reeoenrei.It cemtoe of a large and complete Yariety of all the latest ridge men are willing to compromise on Bell and Everett. I seeCross from the old enemies oftheir faith, and whose Carteretrage has broken forth anew, and consumed them Columbus..-..even.maj. 165884 1,300365; 389 463 W e desire to say a word in behalf of the Hon. us, vehemently supports Breckinridge and also ELWitj•dot* ar* hroaghtJ?5£Sr^B^«W^ T W **V^J,a a *** M^OOlm of theZMifrlm *i *»c* way twin or oppcusaloa, md W*Ma< jiaagr lultatlmi «r htflaauMaoOL.W» m Ou T• TAX n TAXBX VTOK S W A « , it fonnv an ULWQTISM sottbla* Mod Usaliin sirup for cough* and nitWMIKOUTXTAX»A>r«x»,it*magnotio*roonow- tatwfc «MUiv» vowwtsn ed«r U a n<Mt »p««dy u d efficientP*w JbnnniXATOX.OWs« Tor i»not»*&**-<*•«• »<>* <«««>fcr.Fifty Cawta a hotels, at No. 443 Broadway, New York, aod by all Dni«a>u. -J. B. STAFFORD'SIRON yi»D Sra^Hint POWDERSAre a eolxDle ©reparation of iroa end lulphar, identical wftx 0»«t exUtfc»s la UJ* blood oft perfectly healthy per-Vvkixtf wi& U»e olgsaUxi food,Txarr XXTXTAUSX AXX Ftnurr not BUWD,;R i>AByri masmsm Wi$^^ now stands: 1. White mien; % Clams; i 3. Nig^ low tnose ^i^^v^.^^^f^^^-tmm?^^:;.'-' •—""""^ S ^ ^ P S traded to deatfc, ?another trade is necessary to will have the kernel. At least, The Jtumal </ " bring tfcem oat;" but if they are in a more hope- Commence says so.** less fix in Pennsylvania than in this State, they are1i-IIUntitled DocumentHBATCUXLOR'S HAIR DYE, Wig and Toupee obstinately refuse to be thus jockeyed from one Feotoxy, No. it gondVai. Private entranae t«r ladiea. The Dyexpptssd ta the aky-nght rooms. candidate to another, and from Democrats toTHEGREATESTREMEDYintheWORLDforSum-Whigs.*Thejockeysknowthattheymusthood-forceexistedtocutoffitssupplies,andin- mer Complaint* is Dr. TOMXAS S VJBXXTXOJT Lixiaourr. Diarrhea tercept its retreat. But, said Lord Palmerston, smd Dyaaatery are immediately cured by it. No pav if it fails. wink the voters in order to transfer them. If BellWarranted perfectly innocent to take internally. Only 25 cents. men vote a fusion Electoral Ticket, they do it to " if once you lose the. command of the sea, whatgeld by afi the Druggists. Depot No. 86 Conrtlandt-st. " becomes of the country ?" The question seemsPERUVIAN SYRUP (Protoxide of Iron^ cures all elect Bell; so with Douglas, so with BreckinridgeDisease*arisinc from indigestion and Impure Blood- Get a pamphlet, containing a Treatise onIxov IX TXX BLOOD, with the meet astotdihing cans* on record.name, occupation, and place of business of each: ALDERMEN.f-JL Basin*** Notice*.J. B. ©TAFFoai^s Our* TAR.WMJ» Dun TAX» Utuuft, l*» heaUbaa; balsamicW e beheve l i e *ure some persons hereabouts ,gera'; 4. Crocoa^esL j S X:"-':: [ r ' ?&! .'. 8 t i u c ^ f o r a b ^who think of voting for an obscure, vulgar rail, Aid this is not the result of mere waywardnc»8 equal taxation on ^0T^gjia^0^^^^0f^Catrespon'Kla directoootaotwith t t eUolnf m«m-our next President, and who even have the blindaudacity to presume that he stands a chance ofmanifest—the "ruling passion" still dotnihaht. Mr. Douglas's hold on the confidence and support of the, great Nigger interest has dipped^he; is" is that the Dough*'If the« $o*y a m ApowerfTwaT IMPART K.VXROT TO TRX NsxTOOS STSTXX, Tannr IXTIOOXATX TBX LiYva,T**t STXX»«TKX3r T«a Diaas-rios,TWK Rxwruwx TXX 8«oxxnox8 or TKX BODT,,A»» AXX A Sracsnc vox axx FXKAUI Wauxsncsaaa.F x x o x 9 1 A FACKAAK,At No. 442 Broadway, New-York, and ell DragjUta.TH18 IMMKNSE SUMMER STOCK, < Tbe !a*t we »nmlV offer la thU stand, will boCLO**»OUT, Ate peat _Ranwcrxox o* Fxxcxs,Aa we we h*re concluded to cU>« oat oar entire Stock txvwith despair. Those Millennial days when men their spears intopruning-hooks,andlearnwarnoDouglas man. It is doubtful whether a Douglas DouglasmenenoughintheStatetogiveittoBellIs this the view of the Douglas men of the Free ty?anddothey.regardSlavepropertyaspossessingof President in that State are for Breckinridge and Lane. They were nominated before the break- up at Baltimore; hence the necessity for this at- Burance. . : =atyieowfSOMKXX C%OTKn«0,no prospect for Mr. Lincoln with three paitiea in New-York unitedogaiasthim. New-Jerseyiahowlookeduponascertain for Breckinridge, and John SlideH thinks he can get PennsylvarDavidson...... ..1,240 Duplin....... .. 197212 527 J. Brooks. No one has a right to find fault with M. Eectbr, the bolting candidate for Governor. 964 >•" 634 JSMUTS,•thatpatrioticgentlemanforofferingtoMessrs. Electionto-day. 'perfect nrotOOtion from fire noir known, can be purchased .onlyThe proposition of Lord Palmerston to providefor four years the annual sum. of £2,000,000 foradditional fortifications to the dockyards andarsenals for the defense. of England againstFrance, was pronounced by Mr. B. Osborne a to-day; and we rejoice in the prospect that our panic, and was treated as such by Mr. Bright.The public, however, do not seem to have sharedtheir apprehensions, as the stock market showedno alarm. It. is curious to note, however, a sensi-ble effect upon the Paris Bourse, as if in ac-SthesohscTibera.HXHRIS<> it Co^, No. 251 Broadway, corner Murxay-«t„New-Tork. FAXIUULL, HxaniNO it Co.,Philadelphia. HBKKIM« it Co.,has already been perfected in Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi, "and will, no doubt," extend to all the Southern States."—When two or more parties. coalesce to beat another, they establish at least one point—that neither of them had any remaining hope of succeed- ing separately. When all the odds and ends coa- lesce against Lincoln they.confess that, but for their coalition, he would have beaten them. And when the Douglas men of 1 the Slave States bargain with the.Bell men of those States to **go snacks" inanefforttotakethose StatesawayfromBreck-inridge, they admit that Breckinridge is stronger in those States than either Doug'as or BelL For, mind you, they are not conspiring there to beat Lincoln—whose strength in that quarter is notThomas J. Judge, the Opposition candidite for Congress in the Montgomery District at the tw* last Elections and the only one who came aear being chosen last year, is out for Breckinridge, as is Mr. Billiard, one of the last Members choseiNew-Or^eana. S1,000 reward is still offered to any person who can prove thtt vxat**/* P A TXST CMAWMO:* SA«iever failed to preaerveMs cdoteato in an accidental fire.GROVXR & BAKER'S CELEBRATEDNoisxutM Sjrwuro-lCACHisna. The Beet in Use for Family Sewing.No. 48$ Bmdway,No. 182 7utton-»t.. Brooklyn.40 STAS»AX» SCALXB •* . SXCOND-HAWDSAW»sometime Whig friend, Gen. LESLIE COOMBS, is to be chosen to the best office going—that of Clerk of the Court of Appeals. He is the Bell " Union " candidate, while his Democratic opponent is Clin- ton M'Clarty; but, as he is for Breckinridge, the Douglas men,are supporting two stump candidates, and will pretty surely fix Mr. M'CIarty's flint, if they have to vote directly for Coombs to do it. The office is quite lucrative, and Gen. Coombs has al- ways taken the hard knocks in politics and had none of the consolations. At length, we are glad to see, he is in luck.The most active and loquacious defender of theJapanese swindle, in the Board of Councilmen, on by the Whigs. Breckinridge and Lane will evi-H O W E ' Sat any moment,ate enterprises.tion seems to be received in, England as a com- mon-sense measure of safety intended to guard against any possible exigency of danger. He re- peated in his speech the sayingof Sir Kobert Peel,that *' steam had bridged the Channel," and that itWe have carefully examined his defense ofH»veFrv»?»i«>ata,, Work en Balk, and are Self- AdiastinxFor Mue low, taken in exchangeforLttua's CKIUUED AKT>be tempted into the most desper- But Lord Palmerston's proposi-Every Scale Warranted.In bothForsaleatNo.429Broadway,.andbyalldruggist*.Th© CATAMENIAL CORRECTOR should be usedare naturally for him, how shall Breckinridge mencombine with them both to take Free States fromremembered that France, which is now a friend, may at anytimebecomeanenemy,andthatsheJOHN T. HENRY.. .92 Reade-st.. JAMES BA YLEY .. .30 Pike-st....Carpenter.Coal Merchant. Lawyer.Stair Builder.Fex SAXB EVKXTWXXXB. Xaxaaxetxredby H. C. 8PAXZ>IS« A Co., No. 48 Cedar-et.Pwt^eeoaddreaa, Boa No. *.«00MONDAY, AUGUST 6, 1860.TO CORRESPONDENTS.say8 this bulletin. " Sure," indeed, with only two Breckinridge men on the Electoral Ticket. That is a fine prospect to die for!COUNCILMEN.JOSEPH SHANNON.162 Water-st....Butcher.Nevr Publication*. REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN TEXT -BOOK:oC T x x D A IL Y Txinr/xx, and the necessity of putting the first form of tbe paper to press at a* early hour, we are compelled to give notioe to our friends that hereafter all advertisementsiMS . DOUCULA8 ONThe Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, in his eapacity OfgiitwiwwipiiiiiMiiiwffliWtinrt'rrr'mmmtmmmmm^tmmmmtm^mmmmfV^mmmmmwmBmvmriSAT as. (First block below Astor House).W'xuuuux-laos FXAXX E. Hosrx.his own apostasy from duty and honor.respects, he fails deplorably. We would be willing to submit the ease fco any impartial jury on Mr.n*v No 203 BroadwayNew-York.knowledgment of the lively apprehensions1 of France that she had an unsafe head which might,Friday night last, was Mr. Abraham Lent, of the firm of Croney & Lent, tailors, at No. 753 Broadway. Mr. Lent was elected as a Kepub- lican, having previously borne a respectable char-dently sweep Alabama by a largo majority.Before the effort to unite the Bell party with the Douglas party in this State is finally abandoned— as there is now some reason to fear it must be—we suggest that the negotiation should be plonarily in- trusted to the management of the Hon. W. Duer. He did the Republicans of San Francisco; and, if there is any so-called Unionist who can cope with. Dean Richmond and Peter Cagger in a trade, he must be the man.TJic Banner of Light (Spiritualist), in an essay entitled "What is Man?" thus forcibly elucidates the blessings which Philosophy and Progress are showering on this benighted planet:'H.W.GENET JOHN H. BRADY...r C K X ISKIJfG GOO»5f.These who na-re not yet oorapieted their Surrunar Wardrobe, rrla. To-night there are to be a large number of Bell clubs117 1,173772 1,043 Douglas and Dean Richmond to fuse the Bell andor S*nu>wrs TUUUJJ the city, vfilnow findA Srxxjn>n> OFPOKTUXTTTT* pxachaee their Summer Clothing, ice, Jtc, AT LOW Fier/xs*.D X T U N , HCJWON it Co.,NOB. 25«, 2 » end 2«0, Broadway., | corner of Warreu-stGREAT FIRE IN POCGIIKEEPSIE, . . JCLY 33. I860.• HKRJUXO'S SUrx THK VICTOR. POTJOMXXXPSIR, Jnly » , 1 8 w .Ma*aa*.HwHUNO it Co^-^a»TXja«xw: On the night of the 23d Sa*t. « nn. ocoorrvd ia this place which extended to sixteen boildton sod oTrr. In ouY furuitoro hnlidingwM on* of yonr patent Champion Safrs, which itood before the Ere on the store £oera&d in »nch a position si to maktilt impossible to remoTe STconeeooently it wmeiaed until the floor fell, when the safe fell ^StoAeceUar among a lot of maple and other forruture and eotnhwtioie mat^rUs, where it remained from Z o'clock a. m. •Ml » o'clock. Wbon removed from the rains every book and"If," said Mr. Councilman Lent, on Friday, mence. . C. . proper st^te of possible defense iagainst that power Guilford....--. ..2421 550 1,515 • 413 party on the basis of an Electoral ticket composed " if the charges were true against the Committee,AH9PAY FOR IT AS YOU EARN IT.—The ECREKA feared—but to run Breckinridge under.CxuiBKATan SHVTTIX SxwijfO-MACHUOt. Prioe $58. As an By this coalition, the Douglas men confess thatB^oonunodation (to be plaood within the rvachof all) can h.o pnr-eaased payable in WXXXI.T AxocsTa. Office No. 4iw Broadway. they are not the National Democracy. • In theThere is no Other State officer, no Members of Lent's plea alone, and we have no doubt a verdictWHEELER A WILSON'S SEWING-MACHINES. " W» prefer them for family aae.*—[Tribune."They am txe'fkvoritee for families.^—[Times.OrBce No. S0» Broadway, New-York. GAS FIXTURES.BALI., BLACK k. Co., ',- £)o« KS and 587 Broadway,Corner of Prlnee-*t,In additien to their large stock, of rich Ooona. offar for sale a Jaxj^aasartmentof CHA^OXLIXR* and O.v* FixTeaxa of every, and of the newest styles, both foreign and domesticGAS FIXTURES! GAS FIXTURES.'! Tfcnkc«estassortmentofChandeliers,Brackets,itc,itc,Now-YoA. New Patterns for th* Fall TradeJust out.W. J. F. DA1LEY A Co., No. « l Broadway.If the conspirators in the two branches of the Common Council^ who by their votes have deliber- ately recorded their names as participators in the great public robbery for which the Japanese enter- tainment affords the occasion, imagine that theyWhat*No notioe eax be taken of Anonymous Commnnlcettom.everisintoodOdforina«rtioa most beauthenticatedbythenameandaddressofthe•writer—not necessarilyforpubUca- Iftheycannot be permittedtovote foraDemo- tfon, but as a guaranty for hi* good faith.W# cannot undertake to return rejected Commonication*. Wmtmm letters should ia all oases be addressed to Txx' Nxw-Y oxx Txrara*.crat—and to vote for that one whom their votes are to-elect—they will not hurry themselves to vote at all. But do your best at truck and dicker, andT*> A d vertioor*.Owixg to the recent great increase hi the circulation see where you come out.Let all good citizens cease to hold any business dealings with every one of these parties. They think the law can never reach them, and that they are beyond punishment, and so indeed some of themare,bothfromtheircharacterandthenature of their business. But there are others who are not yet lost to shame, andwho must not only be seneible of the contempt and loathing which they have earnii% but of the departure from their shops of valuabb customers. No dealings with any man who has votodfor the Japanese robbery!TOnethebands<ifabefore8o'clockintheevening, withthesin-gle exception of those Intended for Insertion among the BoameesMottoes oa the fourth page of the paper. That class of adver-tiaaanentawill he received until a late hour, bet no others can be K. L, last Thursday. Two of his speeches on thattaken after t o'clock.occasion are thus repoited:' Before taking his clams, he said:little ax ThtWOuld I colouizi that a case tr zespeet adtuut pOStMHiS guns. \ crea.-<e."Whi and iuof feel «epr*4 Tisious many « tory"*it frequer miles jntert-at pel, as There treatim The Re»-••*- > activ* were a»upp*.^< aspect, ren>ioi worsui said to alread; crease.The thonsa t th«make - I Feriwere the Pi the co Xuiuuti ChitfeMelazzo, and Syracuse, and were being transported liar virtue in your clams over those of any other State, all I haveThe Journal of Commerce illustrates the old adage that/'When you want to know what is " going on in your own house, inquire of your seeing that there is no chance for their candidate, "neighbors," by getting the following marvelousboth -aides; not so with those of our opponents. But Truth can afford to fight at. disadvantage, yet come Out triumphant in the end.Hamlinare admirable; thisis also good.LAGER BIER, & C , ON SUNDAY.—Th« large establish- ments in the Bowery were open yesterday, the " Rev." LindenmUller having out his usual sign;to say 1B, bring them on. J thank you for your courtesy and to Naples. It was reported that Garibaldi was kindness."dispatch states that the Sardinian Government* culent viands, he thus expatiated:cooaent* to support Garibaldi in a proposal for a " Ladies and gentlemea, I would gladly speak again, but you see from the tone* of my voice that I am unable to. This has aix months' truce between him and Naples. Kevo- been a happy, a glorious day. I shall never forget it. There is adefeat C. F . Jackson, but probably not enough of them to effect their purpose.Out of St. Louis, the canvass has not been veryadvices all the way from Washington City:" The Republican* are losing confidence in their ability to" Those earnest and energetic Unionists," says " Church of the German Shaker Assodatiou. No ad-mittance for non-members;" and on ooother board, insplitter out West, naiwd Abraham Lincoln, for or sudden fancy. The political aspirant is siillprobably beaten, he has poiled a better vote ;by in a bad way mdeed. " 5;000 than he would otherwise have done, and. "Ther real danger, /'says the New*York corrst.fixed—their cake is dough—that certain sharp fel- inridge ; so he turns an eye of fondness uponahead in news of this sort, as much as it is behind in all other—has authentic advices all the way from New-Orleans, which it blazons as follows:A New Arrangement.MR. ABRAHAM LINCOLN QUIETLY DISPOSED OF.Corre«pondenceofTheBoaton Courier. • : . Nsrv-Onuuxs, July 28,1860.Hon. Miles Taylor, Chairman of the Douglas National Commit- tee,hasbeenhtre,andtheBellandEverett party have agreedat the South. He asserted positively that Judge D. was not in trying to trade with Eichmond and Cagger* If j ^ Democratic ascendency if not by it—and it will favor of Squatter Sovereignty, and in proof read from his speechextend to over-taxed Virginia and other States. in February, 1859, where be took the ground that the Territories can enlist them under the Breckinridge banner;formed, and next week our season, for processions will com-—Mr. Miles Taylor's Committee, it will be rer membered, put forth from Washington a flaming manifesto, directing the Douglas men everywhere to make no trades, to listen to no prqffers of com- promises, but to get up a pure Douglas Democratic Electoral Ticket in every State, and "run it to theHertford.... -.. maj. 50375 301"he hoped that the Grand Jury would take then " in hand; and let them be made to suffer the coa-bitter end.Washington for his own Louisiana, making bar- gains with .the heTeditary and implacable enemies of the Democratic organization and name, to run..1,593 .. 402paoer was found in perfect order., It has saved ns many a valua- a joint Bell and Douglas Electoral ticket in each stroDg right hand. Aj/p*o*r sad OUT books, which would have been of very seriooa State, hoping thereby to serve out Mr. John C.'"; .counties, showing little change. Ellis ft probably reelected by 5,000 to 8,000 majority.matter to u* to have lost. A»PXOa it Du»U«.HanuURC'a P A TB^T CMAXPIOX SAFSS, tbe most reliAble sad Breckinridge. And this arrangement, we are told,only a few lopal officers. but a light vote cast.There will of course baMr. Miles Taylor thereupon leavesof the City. The punishment of the public iadig- nation and of its consequences is something, how- ever, that cannot easily be escaped.ALABAMA holds an Election to-day, but chooseswould be an easy matter for Louis Napoleon, Democratic States, they combine with the anti- should some future political event render it desirarday..Democrats to beat what they thus confess to be the regular Democratic party. And they will fail even in this. ' Its only result will be to put Douglasin 1860 where Van Buren brought up in 1848." The fact is," says this bulletin, " the Douglas " and Breckinridge men are willing to compromise " on Bell and Everett." If that were true, whypot vote directly for Boll and Everett, and thus elect them honestly 1 There is nothing in the way but the disposition of the Democratic voters, whoble, to land an army upon the shores of England.And he reminded the House that that potentatekept under arms 400,000 men, and 200,000 more on-furlough, who could be brought into the field at afortnight's notice. The defense of England is in hernaval superiority, and that can never be counted can engage in a. transaction of that nature, andumate, resides a motive impulse urging it to the perforauuioe ofmen. But if Bell and Douglas men are to com-,fcy every woman who suffers from irrecularitiea. It has never Lincoln 1 That is simply to send Bell and Douglas can. in a fortnight concentrate at Cherbourg,JAMES S. WADSWORTH.xdied to give reUot For sale at No. 1TZ William-st, and byDraggiategeneraUy. Prioe »1 50 per bottle. At wholesale by into the House with Lincoln, and leave Breckin-within a night's steaming of England, and where MICHAEL TUOMEY.212 Grand-at.. Gaa Fitter, late Rumseller.The Ogdtnsburgh Journal says:district in this [St. Lawrence] County has beem canvassed, and stands—for Lincoln, 140; Breck-i t inridge, 7; pouglas, 6. That is about the pro- portion in the banner county."moral, social and financial well-being of the commuai ties which tolerate it; the recent revival and present activity of the Slave-Trade; /the power of Slavery in the Federal Government; the effects of emancipation in theBritishWestIndies;thePublicLands,andthere- lation oftbe rival parties to the Free Homestead policy; • the corruption and profligacy ofour existing Democratic rule, as established by recent investigations; and the diverse Political Platforms for 1860. This little work•affords a capital bird'e-eye view of the pending Presi- dential canvass, from the Republican stand-point, and" may be read with interest and profit by alL"A HISTORYOFTHENATIONALPOLITICALCONVEN- TIONS OF 1860, by R. M. HALSTEAD, an eye-witness of them all," forms a neat octavo of 232pages, issuedby Follett, Foster & Co., Columbus, Ohio. Itisfou,ehe has expended £8,000,000 in fortifications, an invading army of six hundred thousand men. There is ceitainly no reason to apprehend any such event at thiB moment. But it is impossible to tell what may be brought forth in the future of European politics. "In time of peace, prepare" for war," is still a safer, though aless attractive doctrine than that of Mr. Bright and the Peace Society.M I S S O U R I .The excited canvass in St. Louis terminates to-day, and we hope to be able to-morrow to announce the reelection of Frank Blair to Congress. Yet he may be beaten—as he probably will be for the unexpired portion of the present Congress—by " Union" men throwing their votes for Barrett. The " Union" party run Albert Todd for the next Congress, but have no candidate for the vacancy, and this with evident intent to throw their votes against Blair. When theresult of the election two years ago wasjleclared, their organ denounced the frauds by which Barrett was returned as stoutly astheRepublicansdid; butwhentheHousegave the seat to Blair, because of those frauds, theyjoined in the Democratic outcry against this as an outrage ! If Blair should now be beaten, it will be by their votes.By the arrival of the Australasian at this port onSaturday afternoon, and the Kangaroo off Cape of It. I've no doubt your clams are good, but I haven't had a ally succeed, though we hope Maj. Rollins (Union) Race on Friday night, we have two days' later chance to try 'em yet. Among my youthful indiscretions, I suf- will be elected from the Ildifered myself to be elected Judge, and oao of the principle's onDews from Europe, the latest dates being of the which 1 med to act was, in every case to demand the best evi- For Governor, Claiborne F . Jackson has the26th ult The Neapoli'axis had evacuated Messina, dence the nature of the case admits. Now if there is any pecu- best chance, as he receives all the Douglas and aGEORGE STARR....2 Jeff. Market..Butcher.CHAS. G. CORNELL.68Third st......Butcher;WM. J. PECK. FootW.SOth-st.BrickMorcliant. F. L A . BOOLE.......311 jThird-st Shipwright,G. M. PLATT. .121E. 21flt-st... .Builder. . JAMES OWENS.....103 E.34th.at...Builder." One electioaBAXxaa A PAKK and F. C. Waxia fc Co.THE STEREOSCOPIC EMPORIUM^E. AXTXOXT,' No. 501 Broadway.Catalogaee sent on receipt of stamp. Photographic materialsridge out in the cold. It is a nice arrangement, doubtless; but how can you expect Breckinridge to. go in forijb?Mr. Councilman Lent says that he has voted that every act and paper of the Japanese Commit- tee be made known, and is ready so to vote again. This looks false. What is the use of voting merely in a Committee, where he knows he will be voted down ? If Mr. Lent wants the truth to be known, why doesn't he make it known 1 He is a member of the Committee, and what hinders his publishing all their doings and all their bills 1 And why does he vote to grant tho money, while the items for which it is to be paid are h€pt secret I Would an honest man do this 1 Would any one do it, who had not himeelf a share in the plunder ? This is a case in which Mr. Lent cannot plead a previous good character in mitigation ofjudgment. The facts and his. own words condemn him beyond appeal. 'Tlie Journal of Commerce saysi" We have been requested to publish Gov. Hunt's* letter, butcannot find space for it at this time; and since it has had the aume circulation aw that to which it wa* a reRponao, there is less occasion for ita appearance in our columns. We do, however, makeroomforsome extracts,whichwillbofound on our first p a g e . " • , • ";•-,-•'•ESTasnateursandthotrade.SP AUHNG'8 PREP ARED GLUE. "Rvaiiheuj should have a bottle,"—fTrfhune., •But"New-Jersey isceitainf*rBreckinridge," f" Should New-York go for the combination tick- " et,"says the New-Orleans luminary, " then Mr. " Everett will be our next President." Y es; andif New-York should go for Daniel Pratt, jr., the great American traveler, it would bother the Lincoln boys atrociously. But the Democrats of this State are for neither Pratt, nor Everett, and theywon'tlettheirfingersbeusedinthatfashion.'.traveling candidate for the Presidency, attehdedfa great Clam-Bake and handshake at "feocky Point,—The Journal economizes the truth. Gov.Hunt's letter has been laid by us before a millionreaders; but riot one of his organs, from The Al- fair, lively, gossiping, and well worth the attention of bany Atlas down, has had the fairness, in copying politicians. It will doubtless prove a generaji favorite.he" I came here to-day to a clam-hake, bnt I haven't seen muehhis letter, to copy our reply; and we venture topart of the Breckinridge vote. Many Republicans, preparing for a descent on the main land. A Paris He was then fed; and, after partaking of the suc- Gardenhire, will vote for Judge Orr, (Union) tohitiooary demonstrations had occurred in Naples. charm about this beautiful day, about this sea air, and especially animated, and the returns from the remoter dis-German tothe effect that there would be a free sacred part of quarreling politicians, to prevent this. The 'trading "throughout the land, will yet accomplish a coali- p.. m. The Atlantic Garden also had its ? sacredPOTATO, Dagostim, Nuntzuiank, Debre, and Scho- letta had been sent away from Naples. It was re- ported that a conference would beheld at Paris in relation to Syria. The Porte had notified theabout that peculiar institution of yours—a clam-bako. I think you have the advantage in that respect of Southerners. For my own part, I have much more fondness for your clams than I have for their niggers. But every man to his taste."tricts will come in quite slowly.politicians' of Now-York, according to Mr D. S. Dickinson,brought the Democratic party into ita present difficultieB, andanother trade it necessary to bring them out. The readiness ofthe Whigs and Americans in New*York to unite in a combina-tion to overthrow Lincoln, has spread a panic among the Repub- impression that if the thing is to be done, the licans, which is a forerunner of their defeatmorning concert." As our reporter passed Linden- muller's in the morning, the " Rev." himself, his heed well thrown back, and displaying a magnmoeht beard, was draining a draught of hia own lager with an unctuous appreciation most tantalizing to the uhitiated.THE LONG ISLAND RAILROAD ACCIDENT.—KgJ lesson of the late fearful calamity'to pass onheedt* The officers of the road affected great iridign-aou i gainst the owner of he animal which was the more immediate cause of the late disaster; but since th*aattle go unrestrained, and on -Friday, a downor more werOgrazingneartheruins,-oihatw may .»«*£—This is better than his threadbare repetitionsWestern Powers of the conclusion of peace be- of the same worn-out sophistry"dubbed " Popular the "Old North State;" the American partyBreckinridge men are the party to fuse with. The " Ex-Preaident Pierce, though he prefers Breckinridgo as the Douglasites of New-York are a hard set to dealwith—cunning, obstinate, and cheaty—while theBreckinridgepartybearaverydifferentcharacter.tween the Druses and Maronites. At the same " Sovereignty," without taking any notice of the never was strong there, though it elected four of theDemocratic candidate, counsels united action on the part of all conservatives, and relies especially on Pennsylvania to defeat Lincoln. ButthereinmuchleureliancetobeplacedonPenn-CXJAMH,time,hepromisestoactwiththeutmostrigor searchingexposuresto'whichithasbeensubjected:against the authors of the massacres. It waa re- but then—.ported that the Porte had protested against French Mr. Douglas has hitherto confessed to a gradu- remaining Districts were overwhelming. Since Lane, may, in considerable numbers, gofor Lincoln."carried it by 16,257 in'58, but that was no test, his sterling. He expatiated on the danger to which " white men and. niggers, I go for white men; opponent, McRae, being also a Democrat.prt>oo«ition, and the estimated outlay is £9,000,000 Judge has been accustomed to say, " As betweenState, though we can carry Lincoln any how by an kind. If the great body of the Irish voters whomI" but, as between the nigger and the crocodile, I If the Opposition have gained in the recent con- " am for the nigger." A riper and more varied test, they owe it purely to their candidate for Gov- experience would seem to have at length devel- ernor, John Pool, who made his battle on theoverwhelming majority. Douglas has some posi- follow Mr. Douglas are ready to support a ticket tive strength in this State, and may poll Two. with a few B&Ow-NothingB on it, why should theyi *JT w7n**d bv unauthorised persona in connection S ^ d that he oonsiders it an unfeelmg imperti-J ^ i n i B e him in a matter whtch sotjewly affect,i/.tii P> •<ltiv,':z'-<i'i$'t .«*'!W--i-••'/•. .'-J.. > cilfii.itefiiilbi£*i '•'•••: >*&-; '•'•>" ;4;iV'v ,-;V>.<:v.w;.2 •:•; ;V:.J s itistill retaia the support of honest men in their ordi possession of or destroy her dockyards and arse- nary business, we think they misjudge the temperthe purpose* of its being. The duck repairs to the water, th* fish to the sea, the bird to the air. Tho ox ruminates, sad the goose cackles. Man follows his interior instigator." •—We always thought he followed his nose.Mr.AbrahamLent,Councilman,saysthatthe Japanese bills are right and shall be paid. " The " goodswere delivered, and the prices reasonable." If. this is soT why does Mr. Lent keep the bills secret?Honestyseekspublicity.Cheatinganastealing prefer the dark.The name of Jonathan T. Trotter, Councilmaa from tie Vilth District, was accidentally omitted from the list of those who voted against the Japan- ese swindle. Mr.Trotter has always been a steady andconsistentopponentoftheiniquitiesof "The "Ring." ..upon while it is possible for an enemy to takeofthetax-payers. Atanyrate,inorderthat those who wish to express their disapprobation of be compelled, sooner or later, to surrender as so great an official fraud in a practical manner prisoners of war, provided a sufficient naval maybe enabled to do so, we here subjoin the ad- dress of every one of theie persons, giving theGEyBSEo, July 31, I860. Yourletterofthe25thinstwasdulyreceived. I cordially thank you for the friendly sentiments which you express as to my nomination by the Republicans, at the ap-proaching. Convention.I should not, on this important occasion, refuse to serve ourparty in any capacity in which 1 might be deemed useful, hut I considertherenominationofGov,Morganasduetohimforthe faithful performance of his duties; and at the same time, as the heat course to maintain the integrity of the party. The best ele- ments of the party are now united in his person.. If we abandon him the powerful interests and combinations connected with the corrupt Legislature of last Winter may force upon us a candidateof their choice. This would he, and ought to be, fatal to the party in thiB State. For these reasons I have rofused to have my name presented to the Convention as a candidate for Gover- nor,-and should, if myself a delegate, earnestly urge the re- nominationofGov.Morgan.nals. WhateverforcemightbelandedinEngland, however great the mischief it might do, it wouldMTDKABSIR:Occupation. ' . bine to take from Breckinridge those States that should take into serious consideration, when it is RICHARD BARRY. .488Pearl-Bt... Rumseller.pertinent, and one which it is well that EnglandWamet.In the other districts, the Democrats will gener-A full-length portrait of ABRAHAM LINCOLN, large add that The Journal was not " requested" to copy size, has been issued by J. C. Buttre, No. *48 Franklin that. It was right that our readers should sed Street. Mr. But?re's smaller portraits of Lincoln andNORTHThe Whig party, has been some years dead inCAROLINA.eightMembersofCongresslastyear,bysmall^ ••'•':''y- frevolutionized several important counties, including/ • Jjf anybody ought to understand the position of "men will have stcrti instructions And vote direoUV. pondent of The Constitution,Wake, the metropolitan, which has seldom gone Mr^ Douglas oi the, Slavery question, it is Mr. H. " for Lincoln. If we can keep them to their nu»4election. They will be rather "down in the"mouth" when we tell them that their flint is supplanted in its love by a pretender nameni Breck- Opposition till now. W e expect tokeair of further V . Johnson, the distinguished candidate for Vice- "We can /make the engineer hoist^with his own»3«l warfare, i the ftiton ; Itwasi 3LordEb$trmtypr* thing shot Ward. B we are as events v.1 ment has week moto the ooi where, aithewhole xnmediateWehav< of the con I the Chinee oftheIened, and that point t h e contr iheTar^a of theBri 5nganythj to sweep iregard to order of 1 the fact a tracted sI ieelingof demands i revolutiongains.at the West, where few-.-stores are held, President on the same ticket. In a long speech at " 'petard,' and elect John C. Breckinridge as sura lowswhodon'tliketbesaidLincolnhavebeenand Clams,andhopestofindinhisnewlovesome thoughnotenoughtoe^tPoo^V_He!'Iiai-ton'rihed# Savannahonthe30thult.,hestatedthematteras asfate."But,inordertomakeallsafe,yououghtgone and done it! Tht Boston Courier—usually consolationfor the loss of the old. It is a desperate a chord,. however, which, is certain to respond. .follows:;';;';''". : • -'||1 to get Messrs. Hunt, Brooks and Doer to go fareffort; but drowning men will catch at straws. The reform he demands will be carried—over "Judge Douglas had been roiwrepreeented and misunderstood Breckinridge. Now tbey are hanging around aadWe predict that Clams will prove as deaf to his blandishments as Niggers.: AMr. Pool will be heard from hereafter. ;As to the Presidency, North Carolina will vote A member of the Peace Society who reads pur for Breckinridge. There is not a single outspokenderived all their powera from the Constitution, under their or-ganic acts. He read from the same' speech that Slavery in theTerritories stands precisely on the same footing with all otherproperty, and the people have the same right to legislate upon w i n . ' - • • it that they have to legislate upon other property, no more andWARS JlNI> RtnWORS OF WARS.columns of foreign: news, this morning, will do; so Douglas journal in the State, and hardly one no less." ' .';-;'.''• \:W:'-f " •The True Democrat (Arkansas) is authorized U shall beat their swords into plowshares, and Electoral Ticket can be made up. Nor are there StateB? Are they too against Squatter Sovereign- say that all the Democratic candidates for Electorswith him to run but one ticket—half Douglas and half Bell elec- more> do not seem to be iinminent. A King in Its vote may as well be posted up in the Brec^in- the same character as other property? It.seemstors. The same xgreement has been made ia Alabama, Georgia,end Mississippi, and wittao doubt extend to all the other Southern Sicily—God be praised .'—flies before the peopleStates. Should. New-York go for the combination ticket, then who have taken up arms'to recover their rights andSir. Everett will be our next President. The Douglas men have aveDge their wrongs; the great Western Powers Counties. agreedtovoteforBellincasebyBOdoingtheycanthrowthe Alamance...-...793 tlectioa iato the Senate, as ;botwe*n Hamlin and Everett. The are about to send ships and men on a new crusade Brunswick.... .. 402 great increase of the Bell and Everett party, in the South is sur-prising every one. The fact la, both the Douglas and Breckin-to us that Mr. Douglas's doctrines have both a410 384 to the East, to defend those whose sign is the Cabarrus..... .. 250 maj. — - : 594>M •ridge column.'I I1860—Governor. £856—President. Northern and a Southern aspect, and that the twoPooL Ellis, Fillmore. Buchanan. are not merely inconsistent but totally contra- There are rival candidates for Governor andwithgreatslaughter;andtheMinistryofEnglandcalls upon the Commons to-provide a sutn of from Forsyth. - ..1,028 1,015fifty to sixty millions of dollars, to put heir in a Granville..--. .. maj. 150 • 756 1,060 Everett party ,of New-York with the Douglasof thirty-five Douglas men and no BeHeverett men alliance as to be about to carry on with it two Mecklenburg.. .. 650 1,003 573 ,1,031 at all. In the first place, Mr. Brooks has for sondePlace of Biirine*.HENRY SMITH .....16 South-Bt... Freight Agent. -.12Centre-at.. .122 Amity-st.Very respectfully yours,To.E. W. PACKARD, esq., Nunda, N. Y.JOHNBATJLCH 35 Chatham-fit... Hatter. EDW'D COSTELLO..Wash. Market..Butoher.S. T. MUNSON.......199 W.17th-st..Locksmith.C. W . CAMPBELL.. .Malta Saloon... .Rumseller. HARRIS BOGERT.. .7 & 0 Clin. Mkt.Fish Dealor. JAMES BURNS. 174 Grand-Bt... .RumBeller. JOHN VAN TINE....2Dey-ei.........Re«tauratevir. JOHN McCONNELL.164 William-st..Printer.L. M. VAN WART....114 Amity-st....Grocer. ABRAHAM LENT...753Broadway...Tailor. MORGAN JONES....Pearl & Centre..Plumber, JOHN HOGAN.......12?Liborty-Bt...Bruah Maker. F.ROLWAGEN,jr...20Cent Market.Butcher. THOMASG.HALL...311 Rivington-st.Piano-Forte*. A. L. SHA W .183 Washington.Broom Dealer. CHAS. McCARTY... .612Third-av.... .RumBeller.ALIAMH. FRY, has just been issued in a neat volume of 108 pages by A. H. Burdick. Mr. Fry first considers Slavery abstractly and historically; traces the history of Slavery in our Union; considers its effects upon themajorities, while the Democratic majorities in the sylvania than upon Ncto-York for this purpose.' The Douglas Let H., B. & D., unite with them, and be happy. men there, rather than promote the election of Breckinridge or1852, when Clingman went over, and Pierce barely• —That last line hits the hail right on the head.Intervention, and that the expedition had been ated liking for three distinct orders of beings: 1.stopped. Lord Palmerston, in the House of Com- White mea; 2. Niggers;. 3. Crocodiles. Exmons, had stated the intentions of the Government pounding his views of Squatter Sovereignty, Mani- majority—Bragg (Dem.), . having 12,594 for else elected; than Breckinridge, and the Breck- m the'formation of an electoral ticket, but opposed relative to the defenses of the country. The de- fest Destiny, the eternal fitness of niggers for cot-fense of the various dockyards is the principal ton and cane-fields and of these for niggers, the 11,360 for President.- Ellis, the present Governor, We trust that a hybrid ticket may be got up in this combination. Decidedly, we must say this is un-T/MJ Freeman's Journal of Cooperstown, a Doug- caniedit, it has been Democratic by over 10,000 The Douglas men .would rather have anybody las paper, is in favor of a union with the Bell menGovernor in- '56, and Buchanan, on a lighter vote, inridge men return the compliment with interest.of a kindred calamity, with, of course,nobody tothe country was exposed from invasion. Theapeech had caused much uneasiness in England,and no little feeling in France, where it was re-garded as a lack of confidence in the friendship ofthe latter country. Brr»d>tui& firm, and advanc- clams—fourth in the order of discovery, but second As yet, in this as in aH or most other Slave States, Slave-Code candidate. ^ © S ^ i ^ ^ S ^ i l ^ the Besides, you remember that, in "case/.-oif- suoh aing. Consols,oped a fourth object of his tenderness—to wit, single issue of taxing Slaves like other property.fJfy&9ty. in its hold on his affections; so that the catalogue the taxes borne by slave property are very far; be- writer's assertion that^^ the Demwraoy W i p g been: ^c:p«r but*Hundred Thousand Votes, if he is squarely run; but a good many of them are earnest for " Popular i« Sovereignty," and will not halve their vote for aobject to half a dozen representatives Ofthe Slave- Code Democracy along witdVfchem ? By all means, let the coalition be as comprehensive as you can.771 452717364 dictory.CongressinArkansas,butwebelieveallft* Breckinridge. The Fort Smith Herald, now beforewith which she is at this moment in su<jh cordialwars, one in Western and one in Eastern Asia. New-Hanover .. 713 1,549 577 1,472 time been a Douglasite himself, and therefore only " sequences." Mr. Lent knows very well that ia-The undisputed reign of the Prince of Peace is Orange .1,238 1,109747 909 made an {Offer in harmony with his own real sen- dictments and prosecutions do not often lead tothe865 / 779 timents; and in the second place, he has the merit punishment of such offenders as those concerned358 #27 1he wonde mstance. though a { out muchwhich prx luang mi Xt is as mand fre< thousand the cities i trade upo of the ishes the transit th jicult to 1 terfere w claim <:.vi goods at proceedii fhority t and demwhich fr< "Upon wh or lees di peror, a seems hi powerful! manly*pl upon Co with the of anarcl imperfec the sout In ev^ry lectmg. wang i el Every dijburnt, ei crowds c lost all bThis i from thethe high j breach of added to havecs the "tiyear.MtKllVtrade is< little con telligent side of 1 with the sirabU* fi at the"* fein. '-overtbro doing, ti *>ellioo, overthrc Governi Xaglh.K similarat Peki ibopeh •« But And thknow, fleet he: The lir island. is no en officers Ihrou^b a straoj them,about th express: symbol wartare force a tramelh there i> France mere e commei for tha them. ' conth-sf to pivvi theBriirivilegi ,er allyevidently not yet, notwithstanding World's Con- Rowan ..1,059 Sampson...... .5801,138 1,031 1,400 1,374of having perceived at the start what are the. only in this monstrous Japanese attack on the Treasuryventions, Commercial Alliances, and Free Trade.Though it may be sometimes true that those who Wayne take the sword shall perish by the sword, it is notless true that a bold, bad man in a place of poweris a terror to the nations and to be met with theJohnston.... ... 8601,134619958Wake.*Total-.... 13,126789 1,472208 .1,172 terms on which the bargain and sale can be con-deed, promise anything to their new allies; but the Electors must all be unquestionable Douglasites of pure Democratic antecedents. We hold, then, that Mr. Brooks was entirely right in MR proposal, and we trust that no one will judge him harshly on account of it.The Douglas men may give the nomination for Governor, and We have vague reports from a dozen other promise the office of United States Senator, or, in-15,03311,26615,775summated between the two parties.Ellis ahead—...1,907 Buchanan in do.-4,509K E N T U C K Y . .The Election on this old battle-ground takes placeCongress or of the Legislature, to be chosen towould at once be rendered that the transaction was fraudulent and larcenous. Mr. Lent 'would have done much better had he kept silence in the premises^The Hon. JAMES S. W ADSWORTH of Goneseo having been urged to suffer his name to be presented to the Republican State Convention for the office of Governor, -has returned the following characteristic answer:-acter.the robbery, to see if he could adduce a tolerable argument in its favor, Or a tolerable excuse forThe Petersburg Intelligencer, speaking of our friends, Messrs. Hunt, Brooks, and Duer, "en-carry the State of New-York, in consequence of the incroaningprobability that the Anti-Republicans will,.after a while, uniteupon a common Electoral ticket. There is no power, on the " couraged by the approbation of thousands conceit, with amusements of various kinds, at 3 aadj" tion strong enough to defeat Lincoln." This is; possible, and we don't dispute it; but it is ourto letting in the Breokinridgers for a share in thel l a m e . "- ".'-• ' • ' - _ ^ _ —•fusion, while Douglas gets the.husk, Breckinridge !»% • I '&TMhis future happiness., 3 K1: ' . • ' ' , : *bthe election of your candidate will become highlyprobable.For they are chaps that always play to' • xWithin each created thing, then, whether animate or inani-B y W t t - •MHMMM^^^ HMHThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•dBBsa>aMsJSB*JBSJhnmmwww.fultonhistory.com 