'waich, worth (15, and a gold chain, worth (20.called at once an oSecr arho went in of porsuitB.ooodo do doanand Is knownmost authority on criminal law.7H< BeebeTolunt^rlng for tke defence. do 28Cleve.,Col.kCin.R»lTWHtr,.''•"^^' JU*(Lr-.Mj.i^li^li^It'*'?^*.^^' J^.^S'i.,iij.iii.i3mijiji"ItanA AND OBINA.come-lax Act, by wMck every honest man Is com-•• void"noU and pastes seem Hkely to be better offthan any other eiasa of travelers.The Weber Festival, last week, in Dresden, waaIOCS. lOil, 1011, loij, 1017,1021, 102S. 785, 1027, 1029, 1031, 1041, 067, MT. Part If.-hos. 828, 8H, 8U, SAO,(64. 874,Coaaon Plbab—Part 7.—Nos. 187S, iiil, 2249. 225')witkortief the Jttsdees in fbc postpoi ad.Ills trial7.wasfcallDdlea.andlntbeFaUofwaa barled at Penang. Althoeghtegwl ul-treatmeBt of his wife, which canaed her 4aath," waa not preferred until two yeara alter her i^TTtlt actually took place, and although during that ttee tke Stun Mmr had been in a number of Conaularare cents) each,Geru.any have adopted the phraseology of the Na- prisoner on her own reoogaizance and she waa ii.adeSickeis cut-off. Argument waa Dickerson, for the plaiatlff. Mr.followingweekly andEmmi y^eaae. went on board thia veaael and t<dd tiM that if they >«d any eomplalnta tomake«0laatby the Court 10 Pac. Mall 8.tait ortmt3782>i Macrea 120 acrea^ ji wlaonafler"''* aCalr, we had tlie Tka CodfQlThomas Burdett wras next placed at tbe bar, charged 20with In the first degree. He was realy for lOS burglarytrUtbuthad DO counsel. The trial proceeded, Judge 100Co.o|isL. H. a "barge of bnitalUl-sum of »r.392 18.- For plaintiff, Mr. (njilant, Mr. I^ird and Gen. Sanford.plainUff(Marine) Insurance pay off scrip on the«<!>»» dlaeharge them and «iTe little news of CaptWMBthathe brings veryyears,throughoutMN. T;, Central K... 82HBPICIB.rac erer the (flip's papera, and the Emma Jam wentaul cenftoed with tlie Acting Conenl-General at Cal- and arms by the Chinese authorities,clotiiiog, " ment of sUk i the prisoner said,gar- Don't tell any oneDel.,of Kate to the elTeet tbat all the papera baih afialra alwu^ be forwarded at once.tola the State—Thethe appearance of having lieen suifocated, mourn- Ezcltcmeat DIsnnloB FecUconcessions to buyers, and 2,300 bales have been disposed of, aioceMace that tiaie. However, h«haa carried tldaga wllk a Ugh hand, and now aCaada accuaed liy the"nir. sf Seeeasian. Yancey—ProapeciBAiABAKA, Friday, Nov. 2, 1660.andbriefly summed up to tne jury. No connection t>c-dling Uplands IlHcSintc. for do. Gulfis, and pro-aaBttec t»Ms wflgnatlaa laaBagathepaiaaofamiserabledlsmiasal.as I sow find on side. everyftaa with any other Government, oflovingwith assault and battery, wa.s then called.which he did bv the laat a>aU, to save hia1 anment—but have never encountered excitement sochancewarning to you.you alU protiaUy receive t severe sentence. You are^charges,es9QiedyV^The system wUcfa has obtained, with our own moreI Harlem 1cent, and Tbe lowest rates of New-TorkSaperOne StatextraStateSnpeiCaeWesternKA» Iowa, Wisconsin and Qllaols. Kxtoa Indiana aad lUchigaa. InferiorExtraOhioCztraCaaealar oBcer* atthoae porta where the ..Americaa into the her spirit may patsbodyof a nun. weekagoSenatorToombs,of addressed an Georgia,Thecomplainanthadreceived satisfaction, andcon-relatingmodified her statement thai by sayingTatiassAT, N»v. 8—P. M.The depression under which the Stock Ex- last, llkc^llKc., chiefly ll»kC. lor BUi-^^'"ijm «ivn«i9^'^-s^9Wi*WV>p PJ-)P^BB^P^WIB"*m '• : '"J'Tke Latcat Cklam New*.Prom Our Own Oomapondent.BoMBiT, TuMday, »«pt- 11. !*"• and that England has fathered a debt of her own onperlormance of Oberon," and other of his oomposi- tlona, In the Opera-house, found univeraai applause.Caartsf General eesaloas.A TAHIITT OF OASES 0» JIINdR lUrORTANCB.tel< graph30,9MeO 2.077 SOoiof the American Consol at this port (Mr.Ten were made aware one year ago #«Fatherlandish spirit"—whatever that may becipation of hia country. Do not be too quick lo sup- complainant's wife bad since couiessed toDirectorforthethe con-tbls country, only because the burden would set light- er at home. None of tlie tax has been oollecled yet.composed the Fatherland, andThe DUtrict-Attomey stated to the Court that in an affray between John Thomas and Ida wife, tbe pris-firm, or liable for lu debts, but tbe jury found a ver-We un<ler8tand that theGreat Westernof Novemberfteataent' preferred agalMt Capt. Low, by t«ro of stock of European bayonets wlU have to follow every*Trai>,)ljitoTCStlgaUngttt crew. Capt. Low conwiaiidedneit,anditIscurrentlythe HeU» Mar, commisalon intrusted with the levying of the tat, aiil pose tbat this style of patriotic talk means much It stabbed licr husbandJuigeBaimiBtookhisseatonthewUtk left New-Vork earlylo I"? to' tracing la Um ditto the collector in collecting it. So much, in athe tame year U» wifemay mean a great deal, or uottiing at all, acoorJbig already be en in confinement a n^onth, the ends of jus- for the CoimrcUcut District the case of Frederick G. 1867 will be probably paid ofl in February.ttaia charge of;"ac- by and this la the chus of bitter perseverance. But Union and l^rtedom mean Daniel Caton was next placed at the Bar, chargedal-tionalCincinnatiIt waa made to appear that no opportunityaCctisg waa the reaaon of tlM delay on (he part of to bite John, for nothing bat ratUesnakes will everselves, all over the country, where these words areplainly spoken and faithfully applied. Take, for in-stance, the Fiftieth of tlic Berlin Univer- Anniversarysity, wlilch was celebrated on tbe 14tb, ISih, and Ifith Insts.In thefor the occasion, stood the Rector, to receive the con- gratnlationa of numerous deputations from all parts of87the door of tbe witness, tbe pri.'wuer insisted oo going 2.0110 Missouri St 6s. 77H 100receiiyarta, yetnraver "And,67 ato Gs;«b3a&7)« .s60 3e}« 3iii393tV b(0 43lOOm. at. fa; en. bs« 10* CMC.. B.kq.R. .bte sP08 8014,719 30,994 2,6n 30 48,391 18Ibeae fiienda of law and jostieeMatter to Ught. But the American Conaul I»d as atcnl^m taak to perfefm,—for, with Utile taww-bring John to repentance."pushed tiack,resistance,60M« Ear. B. PrTd.—the country. Theby the Burgomaster, at the close of their address an- nounced tlie establlsbment by the city of four yearly prises (<me in each of 70 aadfor us firam the rates current at tke of Messrs. Tbomtsok Bkotacag:w«nlti»g Offiaa !«• —hia duties, he anlr- organisedaa the one who liad12too ReadlngRof the(galar Conaalat, Cooit, and after oonaideting uponla<ca^hereofawai ontU the TOty laat of September, InforiBedarrested,aoeompanied hku.do do41 40iiin bringing tlieinover coirespo'x.I««ttiat he had found Umanment fcr aaatatance In arreatlag and dellTertag called for over the American in market, proves that itdo TOO do-N. Y. 8. Cnrrency. 3-lOa — VlaglnlalatoBceicnd Um liome under arreatto itandKBK' Ptailadelpbla Baltlaaore Intsriori-6a 1-59—niinolafcWiaooa..!&•HaMali The Conanl then applied to the local Gov.do.Jfichigaa TcDnsaseemm imo aaia coatody the body of Capt. Low, and indenta. One of the Prussiaa Ministera aa a broughtfrom the Prince the decreepresent Regent, autlwr-izlng the immediate erection of an Anatomical build-was theProfeaaors, delegated from the differ-neither Ua counsel nor wltnassee were he14 Banko(CoBuiieree.i«l3 5 — ilf* —aaracrio thla re<iueat got!Tbe Indianwill find It hard toCourt He didnot know who Us as lawyer was. hia—guilty, and that hea30 80 80 5,I«ai,aC.AM.I.e.bslI WOMIeh.OntralR.b3062a very rebuking " Nois not of a quality equal to tha Amaricaa. growtlLcouaael present bavlsg been defended by assigned by tbe16Aaa. Bank 60 ^x. 98 160" tke Obrenlment doea not loe «t ao to do." The agalsst such a competition and his ;ing. But mostappearance of a speaker was Protdo. ..bsosix MH e6tWleta B.AN.Ind.R. 17 16k 100 M. 8. 8l N. Ind. G.8. 38wtoie aAlr waa a diagraoafU £uce, and the Amerl> aaa Coaal the butt of lidieule-bere for aH partlee.interestingent German Universities. Tbeir!(* do view of tbese &cts he was remanded till to-day for HO dosentence, when his witnesses sliall liave been heard inOPecls Coal CoLA.'JDWAKBANTS.gj 70 ma alight check on any tliought of unlawful exactions. of our ror of every one in these parts. Sevenoffence in aggravation a second time. Such a coursemen, mains the same, either the blacks must rim away from w ouid InLinge on tbe spirit of the maxim which allows showed weakness. Panama and Pacific barelyFRlJ IT—Raisins are plenty and in- depressed,cluding Layer at (2 S0'a>(2 iiH. Bunch at $2 40«vaiyage to a foreign port, and to return, and the veasel Maoldattucb foreign port, the three montiis' pay ia taken Irom the ihlp, and the unfortunate seaman,unable to ship on Iward another vessel for tkiee months thereafter, must pay hia board for this period out of the advance note he obtains, and the Consul pockets the two-thlriU as " my fees.""saw tbe prisoner in the alternoon ou board thetkongh—There is pointing to our Government. But kow many, of all the seamen in the American Mer-wasfoimda pocketbook containing $15,two smallansberIn feuch cases our rulers will tell us;:chant Service^ know how to go about it ? kave the means, or can afford the time t many netum directly to the United States ?ridge partyproceeding.Hopesand a handkerchief.yaur remedy*"keysilr. Khepkerd Plympionnext testified that he was on many instances call for. A telegraphic dispatch SdMilwaukee Club at $1 24 3(1 27tareen the American and the English Governments aremedyfortUsgrowingevilwouldeasilybeeffected.K would not, perhaps, be well that the local Uovern-mcnta In such instances should dispose finally of anyadepts, specially summoned for the purpose, are tak-Mr,Bell.InconsequenceofhisNorfolkspeech,a larceny,ardhissentenceofsixmontlistotnePeni- tingthetelegraphicnewsmongertodatehisc!i:i-;Dar4l5(e1yisdepiessedsales have been reported ef;CsBSttl atany Engliah port would be constrained to do greater justice to seamen under the protection of tkaAinericanfiag. The voice of tJ)e Timxs is heard aad heeded in tne councils at Washington, and in its tone of independence and fearlessness in favor ofHheHill be, this time, (iuite moderate, compared with former occasions.But courtesy prevailed, and his entrance was unils- turbed, if we overlook the single exception of the dis- cbarge from an unluiown liand of a missile never, I be-they from, they ary to very choice at 32c. '940c.; last year's crop at towhathasbeendone,ortosomethingthatsome- 2f'c.'2'24c.,chieflywithintherange,"^ft.t4rm of burning the widow on the funeral pile of her deceased husband was with some dilficulty put downThe Elector of Hesse has had a meeting with |the PrinceRegentatCkiblenz. Ifthishavethepoliticalimpulsiveyond tbe city. Ids eye might rest on the valley of theone year, and Schnddt six inonibs, in the poaitea- assemtite, and to know what the People, through have been large, employing all the craft coming totiary. their delegates, will be pleased to do. Thia being the port. The stock on hand of most hinds ia good, Margaret Watklns was next put to the bar on an in-dictment for grand larceny. She pleaded guilty of so, webave little question that tbe same grant of and dealers a*re selling at the ruling prices of lastHow many And howJust before the boat started Mr. Allison brought awhat some man of note had said as to what South Carolina uill do, might be readily constraej into an alarming news from Georgia : the latter State being innocent of the whole affair save in ficniiit-State, part.at (1 30 ; white Kentucky at fI SStfd 56A letter from Hanover, dated the 7th inst., Ift'eieitnot for the extreme jealousy existing b^ states that a number cf financial and diplomaticpy familywingoftransactions add 86 000up buabels,The firstwlU bo due on the 1stWhitingto pay tke modest meiety of four par sent, ofOf ^e . •^'""'^com^wilTe ->M(«maitpelledUs earningsheld by the most able advoeatea of the neede of the counfry that no necessity of any such meatJres ex- isted, and the Bombay Tiamu and Stamlari, in some very akle aiiicles on tlie political economy of India, has shown conclusively that no deficiency that could be attributed aa debited to India was now eiletlnj,678, 522, 640, 830. 830.a pi. asimt one. In spite of to 22:8, 2200. •.i26I. 22(12. Part //.—Nos. 2211, '2100,in a country filledmultlptylngthem-;draiik several glasses of beer, started for home, when(1.000 Tern, St IH.OCO dofc,90.Vl\ 100 HodaoB River It... ilii.ts this Cvin>r^'£ monthtwelve to fifteen gtins.The leadtri were Europeam.;and,sec-very375 bbls. charged hands. Rye Flour ia sel'ing,into the GovernmentHaltedBanre JM(a aakn, aaS a iwj.quarterlyInstalmentCompanyha", ercesrofTJo day morfiiug, and the two were Benchai,lyesteirn- millions dollars, as soon as tlie necessary changefew words, for the English systemAll through the upper provinces the cultivatorsowing to the scarcity of foodpeople who will pay, and the profperonsthey must pay. four per cent, of tohfeitrhehahradrdenaerndisngosn.s You remember the old anecdotewith rattlesnakes, and the paraoo's O Lord, lend one great big rattlesnakeprinoesof tice would be best subserved a of the theby discharge pa'cntis tha the receipts of the Mariettaselling their children at eight annas (25Movement,they fight the thing llaalf with cordingly difcharEed.Bail-Not even the bite of rat- tlesnakes, which bun led into eternity so many ofand after a shortwent away. Witness immediately missed his allvor,13,319 18(K)6*,20,8182,«6<England'stiie Next day he recognized the priaooer who had92 11,000 Erie ad M. Bdi,. mK600 ISOcovetous temrepentenee.tliief.beenhome. Neltbsr tha watch nor chain were re xivered.Tliere was no further witness on eitber side, andthe Court having briefly alluded to tbe of tha pointstestimony, and explained the requisite elements of a grand larceny, the Jary at once rendered a verdict ofaulity.Althoughof theMagistrates city, represented21,(imutcb.8.Mm.fesM 2t dd 81tons and daughters In 1847,39It Is a strange sys- of rule we now live under, and no one can fore-aula of tlieThecreature tosee what will be its termlnatlco.the greateai success has attended tha in- troduction of American varietiea of cotton In the planting districts of Dharwar, yet the fact that the Liverpool buyers purchase the AJaerican staplca first, and only take the Indian staples when asurploslagreatUniversity, richly adornedjMtiduceKorthCaroUna... 1X« Canadastruggle dlahoneety in ex- porting a few bales of good with maoy of the very worst, reaeta fearfully upon the honest Indian eulti- vatera who are striving to work up an Interest at borneH9 •'In favor of IndianThe China mall, wUch arrlred here on the 8tb that.,opg 93 aoo do bl093 200 da71theaatla, and it aiay be presumed that he waa lectured British Comnoissariat to biing cattle from Nlngpo. on tlie waneNorth and South of the Fatherland waa; tiiis day "a celebration waa at once A that have seen me here."lar Ub preaamlng conduct, aa be forwarded the fauns JteK'a papers by the very firat mail to Calcutta, wUtb- er the liad goae.prad- end of a musket The The reception and cordial reply which these strong island. Subsequently to seeing prisoner be tiad been 3.000 Miasonri St ts.. 77^ «0t d«. tlH Flour, bbls. Com Meal, 18S,«8S kaak.(or lUa removal. To hia own dlsgraoe be it aald, ke never thought fit to inform the AmericanGoTemment of iUa action in either matter nntU he on foot tmmedietely. It was a piteous sight to see kad received a peremptory order from the Secretary tbe dead bodies of the murdered who had allliOHich. C«n. Kleocbic. k R. 1. R.... (3 60 dn b3070Vinquired for, 100 bs.(5Pots aadkay, prayinga insult to injury. Such flag-I>2 100Cal.kOhic.B...s30 70sal at alaiiona, wlff take every advantage of making " Allthings coent in Ills favor ;" and where his salary the of two we took a German, " In a few more our slavefaa^nport for the mere sake of the remone-Tbey fought for an hour and a half, and not a manthe booming of the cannons of the South."Nor did hshadintbe the Ellie Tolls.strong' prejudice—ingpartto call It by no worse name—had sprtmg up in the community against tbe Senator fromtherelbr. Mr. ideutitiedthe Sparks ui-stlncilypatch on the other side of the Savannah river would be well, therefore, for business men andproducts.1(0 acres^tm each three montha* pay. Be found half a doien moviements of the AUied forces. At Manila on as the oldest Professor topresent present congratu-..«9<KsioesiS rlva-franc —70attteaiewwk^tooktUaMnptixtaaU,andlaidoata Americantransportveasel(namenotglyen)tbccrew lationsoftbeelderUniversitiestotheiryounger andwaa faitrned by a chained shutter. She left the roomdo. .. 100taw do|eSd.»»<* •» aJmi them aareli aeroaa the deck c:!.^l>U<l«I>ik«*when ahe retamed, a shj^ time open, and a coat, dress and pair of pantaloons, worthFrsBch Crowpinesc.e.s 1 9180« iSorerBigPBrBaaaa.. 43 83««—Mfal ttriai pf 9«>V«»« H^nrt Uw «Wef "»*'had mutinied. She had on tward a large quantity of ar- tillery and ammunition. Her Majesty's Indian navy steStltf Ztnotia left Hong-Kong on tbe morniog ofearly in the eveningin all about (35, had been abstracted therefromdo. S10 82 376 do^do. ...83 1200 do she 621 Erie Railroad. ... 33 UO do33X CeraianCrswna.19«e—ITen-thalerplasaa7S7«— FraasiaBThalera »!• — 3 a*« —tkeir theuldera;>IS33)( •nlMera... 409 —{Teo-guUder pas.iand one Dutchman awore that thestronger brother.Among other things, he said that the fortune of aUniversity wUch was bom as a giant in tlie beginning;after, she found the eh in broken, her trunk burstdo. alOSIV 60C;eve. hTotR.... TBH —Twenty «3«ate BhOTcd Ua head down the iMie of the rooad-koan. 'Well, he diacharged Ikaas laen, and uponCapt. Wgoa'B proteating againat it, he refoaed to de-t? *«* »f'er Her, eeriespontient, writingand had accomplished more inhas seen the prisoner before off.be lives about a block32^ S30 3»t .00Cbi.kRLR...b00 64the 6th Our owndate the 2eth Ja.y, saysthan others its sister in- stitutions, but the German Nation. Ail eyes liave tieen;foaelea 1 0|« —lOold—Am.01d.. <>CAmJlf.D«la. 1 OtK -jCENERAL MARKETS. Niw-ToB«, Thursday, Ifov. 8, 18(0—0 P. M.Auguil,fiifty yearsm, ^:33^ :26bl0 33 .Ot dointerestwithregard totheHe was chosen, asthe first testified that on the 821( 60 Cleve. k. Pitta. R.—|0MAiB.Qr.I>aia.f1I«4> — Hexleanpola....(10(« 8paD.SUrBrVaa. 33«;w Itb larceny. grandthe tale of that withwords ofimprisonment in the Penitentiary,subsequeatiycelsof Seconds taken at 99J^cent.The West-bbl.Treasury.It laStatea Ctreait Oan«-NeT.road for thebelieved ttiat aaffray,dctennmedtoof ruling Inna.lo the aouice from whence It comes. The Sickels rs. The Falls Company, a cose Involvingescaped aUve to tell day's fight,exception prisoners— yearsargimaent will have Is a iaed one, the onus of forwarding statemenu and an Englishman named Wiujam KiuUB^r, alioi increased from tbe eight thousand of the Revolu'lon, rcgaiarly to the head of ttie Department operates aa Tuckey Bill, a scoundrel who has long been the ter- to twelve millions. If, then, the slave territory re-State Prison for four and six months. As the em Mortgages rather cheaper, with a decline of I in lots, at $3 50'S$4 30 for fine and soperfine, 9timeswhenWhen Max or usesantdhefsreeeterms, he means unltei—BavariaMarttn h>Ao, the first witness for the proseoutioa, testified that on the nlgbt of the 4tb of October be met prttoner in a lager-bier saloou In the tbe EigtiUi- ave- nue, between II and 12 o'clockMONETARY AFFAIRS. Sales at the Stack BachaB(e—Nov. 8.wUl the bringHemonth in \>aa..But where " My pay Is made up ef my fees," tliere and French marines and sailors were wounded. The tbe whites, or the wliites will run from the blacks. no man to tie tried twice for tbe same offence.^ cent, is received with satisfaction by the Stock- the more so as atkesameragalarltyofforwardingstatementaofboai-Chinese musteredsomefive hundred andcame men,The South, therefore, must whether she will or na,;Sales by auction: l,6()0 boxes Henton Lemoas, ataaea doea not eziataad we see the poor seaman,our aid.killed all thewhotake InCentralthe isles ofbox.GRAIN—Holders of Wheat afloat hi boats aadbarges, are eager to sell, and prices of such aredepresfed, lower, and irregular. Lots in store, oron shipboard, are less freely offered, ani aremost after at imiform Tbe current sought quotations.arrivals ore large, adding to tbe amoimt aflo.it and Increasing tbe embarrasament of receivers. Tne acarc- liy of freiirht-room and the very high rates claimed by shipowners continue to check export movements. We have beard of sales of ineludlna;toTheypiratesescapedMexico,America,the sea."(2 5U«t3 V>AFFAIRH IN GERMANY.The Elbe Tolls—Ad Unhappy Booksellei^in the cabin, while the boat jf((rofo/tj, gentlemen'sCabinetdelitieratlons,onthesubjectof No one thinks of prolonging tbe19 buFhels, including Canada Westpartat e(®6ic;9I)( Keto-Sotk Sttttcd, .^efNf.Iliiiib^ tl^ ^ii^8from Chusan undef ic tepturies, interested Great excitement was natu-nearly,notonlyMichael McGovem next testified that on the evening of tbe bargiary he saw the prisoner intoxicated into. w teed over by their families, and tbe indi uant Idb-Mr. Toombs' Mr. — subsequen"tlySpeech- Daaslaa she only Ifved with him aa bis woman."our at atcrowd crying and wringing their hands as they pacedThere were no lunher witnesses,Judge Beebewaa not relieved;and down the Bund, in very agoay of spirit Lieut L'ArXLUxa rode to make arrangemsnts for the ftner-ft.FLOUR AND MEAL—The demand for State aDduptween the and tbe stolen articles had been to-day, the prevailing dispobltion at the early prisonerBoard being against any immediate recovery inLower bids were accepted on nearly the entire State and Bailway list, tbe diflSerence againstAmertean Govcmaient ofBtatca teal into a runner after aUpe," and of which 8l. His horse grew restive, and he was thrown, and I am, at least, familiar with all pliases of the diseaseProatitutiag tke Unitedhk GuvemnwDt ai^iear to have tadlaputable erldenoe fractured bis skull. Men said It was a judgment. A in the coimtry and large cities of the North. I wasla tha.Bhaiia.9f * l>\tli»ikt rofer ttarmg the —ti of tluOtoMi S(st«a, wbick was tfUed by Mr. L. U. Uar-Rua, aad haa been furnished them by aoow one ofhis fclenda, probalily. They have called upon Mr. it would prevent the transmigration of the souls of mittee, and every cheek seemed blanched with excite- BaeruLS to anawer these;could not be held on the tiodlea, for no witnesses were forthcoming; and the relatives ob-regular inquest^and New-Tork Centralto a;KM<-aii>rfnn examination, as, in their idea, the departed, or (terrible Idea) they might possiblyThe Court addressed tbe"You havei'SliWednesday.20;;(5 30 #15 40 5 50 •5 (5 530 41(40 555 «(30 5 65 a 6 35jectedprisoner:of the women—the Chinese doctrinebeingthatifawomanis industriousandvirtuous,a feelingissustainedbythegreatsecessionmovementiLOther and an affectionate sister, the highest on the one side, and the strong conservative reaction remaneratiog future reward to whdch sbe can look forward is that on the other. Neither aide is without its orators. Aenter the bodydeepandpervadingThecent.ftade is ooMlderably reatrlcted by circumstances, by The KftTtl gunboat bus just returned from a trip audience of about two thousand persons in the theatrefcea, ia one of the mott usjuat enactments in the down tbe coast in search of pirates. The port of at Montgomery. As might be expected, it was a callsequently the complaint was withdrawn upon pay-alatBtes. It aubvertsthe inwholly feeling deep every Wanchuhas long been blockaded by them. They to arms no form ofcli&rged.The next case was that of William Johnson aliaaCoqke, charged with grand larceny, (second offence.) To the indictment the prisoner's counsel. Judge Stew-07Mor Invective was omittedwhich was calculated toBwat ought to afford him, and wUob should be ae- Wanchu, tbe pirates made a determined resistance. sion, and. If necessary, civil war. The sagaciousat the decline toAaMriean ndnd of the protection which his Govem- a have foimd itcaredbyitisbirthright. Itisbutnaturaltoftat any man wlio seeks the offiee of American Con-" wUch decided tbe victory of Lixcolu, ushered in byart, offered a plea In bar. The two points of tbe plea alter the printed sales at 33, the price went up tosupposeFirst that there had been In trans- irregularity—cent. The Bonda of tbe Company Secondsbusiness. OnThey possessed seven large lorchas armed with fromurgeon the masses to seces-and tot^ about 3,000 Shares, and in the afternoon,Southern Flour la and Sales atama quiet depressed.oui laM 1,450 bbls., in lots, at $5 70«t6 05 far very poor to good superftne Alexandria, fialtiiaore, Ac,very profitablereachingaach complaints but if Uie evidence of all such com- present system ; but the sum which Hanover shall Illinoi.'!, and threats were recorded that he should nut baseo; was offered In evidence by the prosecution an 1;could be taken by a magistrate, and forwarded demand as indenmification for giving up tlie tolls is attempt to speak here with impunity, and whispers ofspeculatorsbu.'ibel.HAY—Sales to-day,l,100 bales North River at Ke,9plalnufas ibf Informatioa of tke American Governmeot, the not yet decided upon. Itissaii that her pretensions the favorite indignities of the latitude went the rounds.scan closelythe nature of all mere sensation itemsPoorTwokseller FiCKi, of Bremen, on a visit to the lieve, dangerous, but In no case looked upon as spe- enlightened State of Hanover, allowed himself to cially honorary. Ah, that the sails wliich have shifted so oppressed, it must work good for those unfortaniites 'speak " disrespectfuUyV in a bar-room (or beer-room, dexterously and swelled so sensitively to every South-sion by counsel. No further testimony waa adduced,ana tbe case went to the jury on the charge of theCouit. After a short absence the jury returned aver- body may have said will be done. After the SouthIRON—Sales of ^mail lots of 8cotch were ef- fected at$22'it$22 50 fi ion, usual cieditPigLUMBER—Desirable lots, wliich are not plenty, have been in good demand at buoyant price"s. At Al-Without W^om there could be no prosperity, commer-alklly, of any nation.The uammeki of superstition on the minds of theern breeze should come to such a recompenseSchmidt, indicted for burglary. The prisoners pleadedbany, according to the Evening Joumd.-Lumberwhich is German for the sameIpresume Cuetom-house,public Moultrie,comes in slowly from all quarters, tbe high freightsbeing almost prohibitory, except on the abort routes.Hemlock and spruce are received daily, and are takenup as fast as they arrive. Tbe aalea fur the weekof the Hanover and the Elector of Hesse. Perhaps book-natives of India are being broken ttirough by the seller FtCKi vtas drunk—If so, he must liave been throng of from eight to ten thousand people.acliools, the newspapers, and the iiteratuie introdiieed doubly sobered at finding himself condemned to four iato the country by the English nation. Tiie old cus- months' Imprisonment, with labor.application byby proclama-; but otiier less cruel customs are yet sus-tained with vigor, one of whlcb is the law againat the signification which is attributed to it, he may incUne twinkling in the soft light of an .\utumn sun. It can-petit larceny, and was sentenced six months lo thepenitsnliary-Robert L. Gray and John Gray, indicted for may-hem, pleaded guilty of assault and buitiry, and at ibctime win serve the more patriotic purpose of ap- peasing the popular dissatisfaction.Some parcels of the Coupon Stock recentlymonth. TheChemungCanalisagainnavigable,andyeara agoAlabama, stretching away for miles to the north, and more to the Prussian policy hereafter. It looks un- not be doubted tliat he proved equal to the occasion.from there still be mayreman iage of Hindoo widows. The young girl of four years of age, and ;often leas, is married to anbut the change is not iaiportaat. Thedeniably mean for the Elector to desert Austria,aid reprobate of thirty years, who has already ex- has dons so much for the Elector, just at thia moment notiiing peculiar. There was the same historicalrequest of the complainant, su>.pended judgment.dischargedunderkansted all the strength of E>aiihood in the vices ofreMvmi, the same delightful egotism, tbe same pugna-o'clock, when the folloiving cases will be taken up CALENSAB.from the vember sum up 3,638,000 feet, and should they con- hand, the Bonds having been prepared tinue in the same ratio for tbe remaining three, tha old plates of the Treasury Department. We hear result will be a Jarre dimlDution. Tbe receipts by of private sales of the stock in thia shape at lOOj, the Erie ani Clf&mplain Canals from the openmg of while an offer was made at the Board to-day to navigation to Nov. 1, In the yeara named, were as•ingle t>!:iMilneas la her deatiny.But yousg India is leamiog a tUng or two.nounced to speak on Saturday, an accident occurred whlcb barely escaped proving serious. While he was addressing a small crowd, wUch bad assembled toLewlaSmith, Maiy Baker, Henry Broslns, William Roberts,The cflUfionsIng interest sincelie has found out that the priest la no more an incarnation ofJuly.tke gods than himself, and he hates the humbug of the House of Hokenzotlem, than ;dweU in tlie tents of Cas- witoess his departure, the deck broke, and precipi-October, this sea-wn, when cpmpireJ with those ofthus consigBa a very large number to life-long wretckedneaa. The Msharajabs, or hlgb- frlesta, tic baiac pounded and iUleuled,aad iampoon- ed with an awful amoimt of energy, and one or twotated the future President, (I) with many others, to the deck below. No serious Injury resulted, and oppo-Impoaition'wUchany longer.vridowthe Hindooe.l»vealread7taken place among.tremarriagea\uponand condescended to visit aedt/Kr*a;w weeanataaditfor foiu jtutJf RittUs oMeonttrvaUveeiaegit^wjdfifeht?till tlMIMhTf(tfand at (1 4254 » 310 »s. Tar and Crude are Spirits Tur-this appeal iawhere tlie Shastres manifestly contradict reason. Tbe<m the other hand, took bis stand thureon.and refused to discuss the question of remarriage atall, unless the Shastres were accepted as the final au-thority of God's wUl therein. At tills point the meet- praise whicjh he receHves, as a bold traveler. I ajA ing was adjourned, the Sudheredaa runnkig consid-arable risk from the mob, wUch abused them terribly.Hams. (10 503(15 M»bW. is Inariivc, at I.-ic.aaoc. for State, aad lle.«bat the Sudheredaa rejectedHaliarajah,The matter will be restimed in a few days. The to the departments, concerning the passports of Tua-whole community Is alive on the subject—the Malm- cans Modenese andd?rBis own Som, inttoad of conducting operations in the1 (110,714 91aafor the .small amount ofthlngjKingofofficerthe examination of the complaining witnes.", wlica onof her need. But the time to convert agovemmeat cious denunciations of:so that if Uiethe age ol puiwrty, it is only to tie bound down to an as well as a man, is when its aide begins to tie the ueas for the desertion at Charleston and Baltimore, Imbecile old wretch who must make her life miser- losing one. If the Elector were a free American and some pipe for the ns^t Presidential election. SiiU able ; but if she has been more fortunate, in iladlag Sovereign Elector, now, he would tie an old Himker, it was (t success, He gave the very substance of Us that slie attains tbat happy age that the devil hasclaimed aa bis own her betrothed husband, a life pfconcubinage,young ffirllives to arrive atopponents,u littlequerulous-change his mind and come out far Lisooufing his claims after the 4th of March, get perhaps a Fost-cflice for his eminent services. It's very proba- ble he would rather be a Postmaster, even to theaway popular.On leaving by boat for Selma, where he was an-If56 190,679,113 32,724 10,775 103,368.838lt57 50,188 83.249 146,550,029 207,058,702US8 29,434 Ifl«.-2SI0 132,720.733 236.950,2001659 256.027,762 44.394 66,231 108,836,503yesterday'scall and on mercantile paper show fimmesB, but thp rorrisDondlnE cerfod of last year, show antlhae-cresKof2^W3"kj8 feet. Tbe rece.pts durtag monS were more liberal than was anticipated by the,and push-selFrom .Austria we have more news of sudden arrestsinFesth,includingmanyprominentcitizens. Lassloluxx, one of th e most infiuential men in the Comirarwas arrested on tbe night of the 30th September South," that tbe crash and descent took place. Tbenow moderate bor- rowers, the rate at call continues, in most cases,effect of bis speech on tbe Union sentiment U perhaps a more to aUence Us opponents. Count EswAXD Caeoiyi, reluming from Oatend, was. not too tbe—at this time-extraordinary remark let fall by a planter while re- "with assault and battery, two.Increase MijLASSES—523,000Vitknoo isA Maharajah tiaa made his appearance In Bombay, taken in Salzburg.Of 38 persons chargedwere diacharged by requestbecause no vritnesses appeared against lllem; under suspended judgment and oae by aoialttalcondlUon very °'makingfavorablyrepresented byof calBlnaiitj tyeiveExcbanges wereIn a unsatisfactorybe has called some of the edu- The Senate of Bremen has voted two hundred turning from Uie meeting, Well, If Liaoouils eiset.threean to negotiate. The leadlugriSsfas aoUiiy Je^^*^'JJ.: Vi.„, ..^rUniT r«ic«led to l»7<l)107:!>,_ailU receieupricesNAVAL STORES—Resin has been dullfrom Churaicated raiives of thegirl's school, (ounded by one of the moat wealthy, Africa, to seek tidings of the fate of Enwiaa Vjaaucity,thaleisfor the journey of Taioooai vo!* Hiuaua to; werewei e only Inclined to operate in a ""n^' "IVi jheaw,includingCommon, Turiienlinea cnercy and health best fit them;Jitrt W^t'er^ MeL (53(5 MM«s,facta or opinions. It ismattera tlie men whose scientific knowledge Is most caMB-*ke plaos throughout tbe :itate for tbe purpose iZLia electrical and other scientific instruments,IlAiiTH is neitherbrilliant nor an exception. Yet,S-.«dKate and glass, Ihe had shown it topityto an act ofresult is made certain, an electionabout of aec. twenty yearssucjeasful aadough. IlvaBri.i>T waa a brilliant exception. D^j-the witness' The prl."oner statedofa new method «h«^ltness but that having uiKovcred the com-:*'^rS'^ ni 117,495 09B,Xrf^. for W^iTM, *latcd to make theiriSie inat 9c«explorations'ingt~o take in final consideration the queatlanTBIaCoaTantion max take place,—«a tkaicltart depends the action of fhe . ifitM mar be severe, bat I have ao'mittmU.employ.Mhc Court tbat be never had been Ir. the employGrossearmniiongBs, June 14 to Aug. 31 Working expenset.»» CheeserulesquietaHW ail, Ills bciuks are useful books, and be is worthy ttt' Sales have been made of 250 tea. at (1 31 5< 'rI*e'—only eayins that if he knew more, he could teU «Milfc' Our Saxon poUcc authorities have issued dincUcna.:Sales 18,000 kg. at 10>4C. * »• TALLOW— primeParmese, wblch are made out by for the little ttiread of power Sardinian authorities.^^'RriGHTS—Rateslajahltea trembUngwUch now Euatains them, and the Sudheredaa deter-Uned to dare much in the eflort to destroy the ironpileat-craft that holds the people ia bonda. There isTlie annexation notBufssmk11,dust^sb^p. B«»>^« ""=the complainantbadexpectedcompetitionbnt are restricted mateilaUT. »«recognized ty the German Staten. andby Saxony, hU such passports arc null and t^id anddemanded possessionS» initrSments. This being refused, lie made thearetheofficialearningsoftheWkWM the same time, the bearers are not to beI4J3, Part 7f.-(ShortThe man's IntelUgent joungand Mississippi Bailroad for OctoberSaxon officials are forbkldan tothem, while, at«mp"^"rta;ed.^d d^roua deportment in tourt gave st^cieut en-MUwaukeeFreight (14l!lMe8$102*^'0(7 loaec.:W«'"2i1;6 48 «4s. f) 141S0.Af4tsB..; aIdn.d»Hobpfie.,; Gra»ia. U)id.«l(Md. • Flour,one of the Sudheredaa tkat does not speakkardly deprived of 14* 1439 im 1«5.6IS," Id. %. Vat OlMnw—forare sotAcoording .,.nbiicanyoong man. apparcnUythe Beceiver:Cross earnings and working expenses from Junefor Prime, bbl. Prim* Country JexplorersThe comolalnlugwitness accused biro of stealingCi'LLOCOH,14 (the date of the receiver's appointment) to Aug- 31and (44(4 25 llM«(14'$!«»t<-. BeefThe geatlenwa with4303,5993,1614,5018,5910,0085.?^?hl wSJ^oTin^^yetbeinghe r«. Sve San offrelAt-roomenaagemenUavailable Deeooies mor« ther^vigorousiespeciallyKs'Sl^'furthM silppuksondUJeroool-Flour, 4s.«4b. 3d. V bbt; Wl>e^ toand Alp'sbags, iei4d.ai6Hd.; Cora, 15Xd.«WH(L,V bushel; Cotton, »-Sad.e»-l(d. V ».; Eeata,li;M.not only a splendid, but ale>montha ofOch*5US|»^1860 $I4.7I« OSunfavorable weather, the unveiling ofihe new statue of XI 15, 2.34, 2135, 2238, 2239, 2241,' 2242, i<.43,2i/4i, 2i48,ll2,£»5,2lt'4.Van This Brunt, imfltaitd, 4<.—Passengers ... Freight'tbe great "Tone-poet" came off success, uiiy, and the "the promissoryto reoovar tlw notes made by the ArmYou may be sure the of speechesTotal, lt59 Increasetbe weektbat Wiaia for iu Iho"were notwanting in patriotism, it was made especially clear Mary McBride, charged wityheeate fdealyonious assault. The defendant denied that he was a member of the;more- over, that be was roused to an original style, and emancipated from the schools, by the political eman-<ict against him, and ia favor of thefor the forde-while sometlilngdifferentintheirmouthii.Jotaannoreaxony, Max cr JuUano. On tbe other band, occasions arePresent week Prev iuu^ly re|)Ort-greatnoobcr ofPrivy Councilor of MmBaaAixa,givehiswar-cry imsupported bybeen convicted of a second offence, and Imprisoned In;Faculty) thalers, twenty6,0(KIDel.,L.k W.^BtR MOju^ — Free Indiana —sttpends of (0 tkalerB each, to be given topoorstu-so Natiocal Bask 102 100do....61XPecn«— lis*who lectured at the Heidelberg University tot Jiftg-ontdo do doafterwards saw himta aca wttk only a receipt for her p^ieia. Bat the Con- tured under our very eyes, a junii permitted to carry especial confidence again in our days. The discord coming from the back yard of the house in possession 100 do a; 33)i »0 Mil. ft Miaa. R 12rally created here a week agowhen the Frenchfixed upon Prussiasince theofSniM,but withfront of No. 13 Baxter-Streetbsnss »0 100 96deemployed by Tbe crew were taken and oattened down lielow thebetween theTwo men were killed—one with sword bayo- net, and the other with the butcUef Chinese merchants In the Island went to tbehad been several times arrested, and nad oeen on tbe informed in a store that a *'ciib had been cracked."93 6« Pacific Mail e. Co.. 93|6 do60 do 100 do 100 do..deck.ofrant case cannot be overlooked. An inquiry was set^^^^ POIilTICS IN ALABAMA.ged by wayaddinglead and keep itR. W. R.Pearls, fl COFFEE—Tbecap-;a30fe.'-tivai of German Science and a proof of German Unity and steadfast German sentiment, Ac.(1.000 D.S.6e,>74 3 BM Cal. State 7a81Sib3082;« S3081H aSOeiH beo8i;«hints received, is one of those straws f<om wtilch theWheat 21,1P6 bushels Com, 19,076 bushels Barley, 50,711 bushels Oats, 3,608 pkgs. Provisions, aad 581I have seensometbingofpoliticalexcitementof aOn such proof the jury should hesitate tiefore sendingWestern Flour Is fair, bat holders offer theirfreely, and prices exhibit a dowoavard teoaeney. Bales 17,800 bbls., including .>^perfioe State at (5 304interior to choice extra State at (5 50®$5 ti, mainly attS50«$3SSi superins Western at (5 SO*South of the " dark" line a year ago, when the whole South trembled under the events of Harper's Ferry— a time when each viiiage gathered its vigUance oom-iUissouria 1 being$5 40 ts 40;appealstrong buyers appeared33'S32J,sachem of the South hoped only to behold thewereferring the case from the Special Sessionsond, tnat the prisoner, having served a six months'^The prisoner's eoimsei then put in a plea of notvaiUsg for a small manthly wage, mulcted of oat to the shore. ^ He dio not mention to what point, when all tbese were holders, being accompanied byguilty, and the trial pioceeded.enth's pay bcfbre the Consul will give him a dls- Peace la looked for, and it ia not unlikely that the filled, the troublesome incubus must be shifted. The Kabert P. AUtton, tke first witness, stated tliat on strongiatatement of the business and profits of theroblMdof another month's pay before he is regiments now in China will take tbelr departure ere world on the tortoise, the tortoise on the elephant but the 25th of September last he was employed by the Company for the half-year.'akargeakis again te ahip, and where he baa tUpped for a next Spring. ";votes for its own candidate, the entire elecuiral Tbe Elector of Ilesee New Arrests la vote shall be cast for the candidate who shall defeatoner take a coat from a chair, put it ou and leave theboat. WitnessloUoweilandclaimedthecoatwhichwas given up. He then took the coat back to tne the South are;partyDangary—Dr. Barlh—The liBst Joke af LiscoLW. The effort promises to be successful with boat and found the owner. The pri^oDcr was then81J;293,000 bushela,Canada at 50 tVhile Western at 41tbe Saxon Police—Tbe Weber FeMWal— The Jabilcam at Berlin, &c., dec.Froia Onr Own Oorreapondent. FaiiBiBS, Wednesday, Oct. 17, 1860.the partisans of Bell and Douolas, but the Breckin-repudiate the wholeare entertained that the fusion will carry the State for the Union Party, and many build high on tbe pros- pective succes,'* of that party in New-York. The hap-as bis own. value was $15. He bal left it on a table la the cabin. Mr. Sparks, a Deputy-Clerk of the Court was next few evenings since by the entrance of Judge Docolas cal-ed, and proved the previous conviction of the under the escort of a procession of the partisans of prisoner, April 17, 1655, of attempt to cumniit granlimport- em,red Winter Western, afloat at (1 32a$l 34^Iowa and Wisconsin Soring, afloat and la store, (I 27relations existing between tbe bestthe Democratic Party and the Unionists was evinced acoat, which the wimess recognizedIt^^ bushel. Comis unsettled, closing heavily. TheThe English of this is, tliat Mr. Docolas was "egged." Today he addressed from the steps of the Capitol athat herfunctionaries will mob the Charlestonin tbe man the scene was calculated to draw it forth, for glancing over the heads of ttie defiant but crowd, and lie-at burglary. On this plea Hartman was sentence! tion, until time is allowed their own Convention to have been fair only, the political excitement keepingIf there wasany eloquencedealers at home till after tbe election. Shipnientswho To those familiar with his other this had speechesEonawarded at Washuigton have already come to of boards and scantling for the first five days in No-Norfolk but went speech,er, iamea Netten, Joaeph S.Hunt, Jr.For Forgery—Ann Crane, Sarah Chapman, Mar^-ret Donaboe.For Grand Larceny—tbe shown heretofore for the latter. preferancenents take pleasureAK WTIHTOB INof fortjRmonthareasfo.lowslast season. :.•J^^Wthe work, „;• hv made it necessary_^_._REPORTS. e«art Caleadar—Foa FamiT.bis partner's part of otoontiarktelfnfifeoficnfseUtcrautmeeiaiUthot-oFrom,Dafacngera Prom irelgbt, fcc_^.Thie foUowing»«—32.245 88 ^^_ WHISKY—Sales 450 bbls., in lots, at 21 lic.922c Vthe allmonths. Tke question -^j^^red a-^unctoaged. demand, chieflydays03 L. k West. R. 90hasthe world aa the fore-Heidelberg,R.8crippopulationyearsfirst offence liad been alleged in aggravation of the on Michigan Soulhema,cent,bbl. Com Meal continues in demand at (3 56 for Jer-in that it was recalling whileCOCKT—JOIIX B. XMIliaBT 'OH as the [Stock BISMl'ICLI."biokers arejustbe was of Y'aitcsx and the affects speaking " ofl^a.Vthus reported by the PicayuneWe, and sUghUy in excess of those The Tbel^KuresNorthern tour, wishing that every Southern Fua- eater might go North and every Abolitiooist comecent. Exchangesteady,I08®108|- week iatheBaxter-street do.bl083k 560 dogDanlak Dola.... 113* —;Bat the Conaul waa onlortunate In malting frieads,and a meatorial went home to your GoTemment, French Commissioners to remonstrate. They were is asserted every eiay, and In all quarters, that if tlieiigaiiii by nearly all the Ameriean reaidenta in Bom- shown Into a room, and were all then and there flog- proper opportunity ariives for the consolidation of the he had come from tbe island two months ago, woere ICO do bl6 33M 26 it 82 ASHES—Are at 25 forknowing ones judge the course of Prussian winds. It German Husd, Prussia will not hekitate to take ttieand he had then stated what be knewluo Erie Railroad...blO 33 33night:and I5S$7 75 lor tntofew two laUed appearand forfeited bail, eteyeaone was sent to tfii General figures Clear sterlUing fe5«'aftjl„O?ijV.aSi.i)fiu me bulk o«^.^enextparties here is.tbe.Btate forwfaichdistnrbsItimaeieastediaiulae the fact that the aeeas^on;shown except by tbe testimonycriminal himself.suppliesSfaiu with bill of ladingOn the 21st ultimo a meeting was when the number of Pefemtann'* Ueograpkical Communicm- sentimaBt is now the popular one, and thai the polUl- bouse, one was discharged and one convicted, and wa.ajco"npSrr.£i^3t----\rtrTa^^ PROVISIONS—Pork has attracted more attention,wlucb is pronounced a terrible innovationdooUm, and whicii ehould be rr/ormed—backwardaDr. BAatH, whose extensive African irtrfels hbavie made him celebrated, has just issued. In an extraHow stnmgirirrpestponemeatc,onvicted and fined. and aU wereso^wa now quote from 5f 3214at 393tcwin lots, In-ti-HikiTtiat (reformers) appointed cussicn with the Mah»ny»j.«, and mddcaccount of his last journey in Asia Minor.tTo^s m^eTMr.!:n'da are cent dls- dis-with the poUce to•When alltad arrived, and everyiaing wasnowft. »c'<il014c. 275 tcs and bbls. baringrant ementsaccounU ofaU the tedlousnesa of detaU, without the1 miyand Shouldersupon appointed,Hln-!has been In slack 40c 9 gallon. *in the dis- effective ar- Veep tbe mob la order.tttmt, anIt is not a verynsme.may bringatcludlap Mess at »1'J 12)4, and Prime (149(14umpiressuccessful descripUon.First, it is un-ad-one was allowed nine persons charged with petty larceny, oneMeaU have been quiet Ineltidingcalspea](erB are few who care breast the popular oar- rant enough to Koeak directly against itMr.since bis remm from the'fe SJ'^VeT^hoiScixe., daysand about 1,000 bbls. have been purchased,Oa Monday nighi flrat timeVAjictv willNortii. This Biaa,and (orTeited his ball, and Dostoonementtin »bbl. CutHamsat 10)4c.®ll«c.,Bacon Is in light supply and Is inacUve, at ^personalwanted to carry on the its scientific wottt KOre him from the confidence of a large class, la yet eras discliarged, no witness appearing, oneIts detailed discussion in Sao- Interest of adventure. Secondly,rea.1y, Iheeitt, ao that the vulgar might not share la the beneSu is much diminidiedwas five were sent to the Generalsold as low as S Herald makes theisft. Lard is unclSngrd,SUn purcha.«od at »Msharajabscouit outBfde"."so5io The Cleyelaadbut this was ovt^rruleU.Shastres dtonld be the aole appeal in the dlscus'lon,byence is limited, and cannota powerwunld be fair to attribute it to his influence.acquitted.of Reuben N. Cariyss, charged with p«tlytinucsof the dificaaaion ;It was next propoeed by the Maharajah thul the-Aad now iciit Alabama secede ?The caseTime only can da- 1 larccnv excited some Interesu The prisoner was a Pittsbprgh Bailroad ftom a statement ot Mr. Mc- Mess-dulL venture have.1deniably««!« hithe fact that the Doctor's sdbo trusted either aa to that those men whoseao that should Albaybama secede it greataranted postpownaesment, and one H^wlons one Imprisoned,following sunimkry of tha coDdition of the. Cleveland ands^ .S<e»ll loraa Is well known, wnlle hU extreme measures la- {ha Idol of many others, and wields bla eloqueaea^fla and I* dl«ouat b«ik,Legislature, aa soon liat members to the Convention, wtiicii isCotmr—Giskral Tkrm.—Nos. 9, n5 12, 13, 14, IS. 16, 17. 20, 36, 26H, 27, 28>«, 29, 30, 31, 32,business ha<f been inore ex-amongr.-Voi. 1451,801 151 SI 187 2«». 74S, 315, 1343, 1021, 1425, 1427,lipeakfor theaction more. 'be litod bom 3«S«(« H9MThe first case called on was that of:**'*** '*onerInterfered. ThomaswasatabbedInthe andmadechargeagainattheprisoner. Butastbe:^Adam vs.was an actionamount of certainof Van B^nt and Watroua, of which Arm ke aUeged tbat tbe defendant Tnnla Van Brunt, was a member.witness, alter havingthe prisoner oflered to accompany him. Arrived at 10,100 Virginia 8t 6s.. fO 330 doed this month.10,235 83in was but1,1)00 do10,000 do 77doTothe theDistrict-Attorneydemurred,andthe steady. Thedividend on Pacific Mail of 10 pleademurter was sustained by the Court.42H. whole box (2 ¥and Valencia at k. 6\c Vtbe in mid-alr. You are doubtless aware Fall River t^teamboat Company as detective. He In theelephantthat within a few weeks an attempt has been made iaGeorgia and this State to fuse ail parties against tbeNorth. Tbe arrangement proposed is, that while each er who excited his suspicions. Soon he saw tbe pris-afternoon,the mar- o'clock, generalwas at the North Kiver pier. He watched the prison-closely given in charge of another officer. Upon the prisoner good i^eal more perhaps,tentiaryprisoner as tbe one formerly convlctel.Iton the Stock now to Exchange justEast '£720., 9 Oats continue in demand, InclodlnK Canada, at 37e. e38c. ; Western at 37c.«37)«c., and Stale at 37He.Tha indictment on which tbe former conviction waaThomas Watson, Michael Toot sfituNurlOD, Charles LivlagsUm, William Stevens.Canrt sf Special Seaaiaas.fromreport of tbe Money market. Tbe rates both at153,477 The receipts of board.'i ajid scantling to the close ofIn this Court, yeaterday. Justices Co.vnollt, K1U.T and Stiiaa disposed of 51 cases.at6 markrtatNew-OrieaneatthecloseoflastBoiiLifand."canlUng 1too Bo;.idsandScantlingfeet. Has been inactive to-day, though of all but really prime descriptions have favoredSestloBS, Of twojudgroeDt suspended. , ., . . Of two cbarged with misdemeanor, one filled topentineappear,f,L\.. »mi ?c"o'u,n?t! *SsiLghrt^8!4c »prisonerscharged with keeping a disorderlygipthis It b now not so much a mornuig. „<]"»»"""•121,369 70 BRECK. VlJS the inventor into partnership with 'I'm- The The receipts of the Chicago and Northwest-"k^iaiiii Ctjmr-Cncm-rart 1511, 1343.d^nce^h"vcracltvt,heaCnodurhte.waaacquitted, »"i«1«76l4,^7!; tiS' advice fromwithIt at tka root of tUt evil, which tka Utkanyahs now woman that used to tend the gate of Zurich, saying to 5817, 5820,2871,6896, 3951. 5335, 2e», 57M, 6836, friIemndolny. the aaaault and battery cases was that of the Pa3ieTB. 8^42286 1.835 42 Inc..T^gH.hwHhmoreorlessfluency,andthisknowledge them,norotherwisemolested.That'slUietheold "aus'e's'J^lNtJi'i^'.SSlV,»'«'»,(•• 15 20,281 •Total..•lOS.USII •124;8»4.aa loodly.cwigdala of.Tka nlert of-tks countty have lately pasead aa la.passers-by, "1/ yfve gat sposa, thmc it; but t/ yehavmlgQt any, ne matter!"„„.„^«n'L JohTE. Enright00GralB, I7d.«17;id. Tbtubel«e. ft. Hopi, ^;5381, 5330, 6030, 5537, 5638, 5216, 8443, 6089, 5309, 4527,When his case was IfaSatVcpts. but«.hehadconferredJ;587_46 Iae..#40,l»l OSbushel. For LondoB—FlourJs.M.94a. «d.fW>l.-SvpaawB Ceiai-ftrt /.-Wos. 641, ftJ7«, 903iUnt,3titled1,Doc00umenS£^.,^Xbo waa sS weU pleased with it that be in-Nk earningsaMSUGVRS Sales have been reported, ft.nri^oner had obtained certain necessaryFww^ry^ on operation.,, uponinstrumentsor-ern Railroad in October werealnoe our last of ?50 bhds., chiefly Cuba, at 6Hc.«71ic »..JA,-jipi.,do I.OOOCal. 8Uf7s11^16JthaneoJf^iOrckeo,ber her rowotmC,neasta,No. 13 do. b60 83>k 100 Gal. ft Cbl. R. .s30 tan ^tUttr.of various articiea of a coat and someyouUpon cross-examination the witness stated that heBBSOilB BCAU.in ,760 N. T. Oea. RThe reported recelpta of the principal klads efoce, smce «ur last have been 30 bbls. Ashes, 15,1(8 bbls. 400case wimess had never been arrested for ;larceny;he had been sent for an assault aad battery.Hannah Flood next testified tbat she had Icnown tlieS1633 160 dobbls.Whisky.concerningthe2i;0 200do do;SpanJloBbloona. 16 l»SU3i KogUah EUver.. 4 8094 u|Patri«tI>oBM'Bs.U(*«UM6C0 do 800 do 100 d«28 do 200 do 200 do10 Second-av. R323i SOO a«0 32 »0dododo «3Kbioesstbrought byplslntUTMails and Totalf•48,3»I 18having lieiiring- an argument in a case inetnhgeagCeirdcuit dCoauyrt, can be made in their charter, and that the heraeir, and as the accused hadfor theTlieMr.Stougbton and Judge Curtis appear for the defence.S.MOfelleBJdll.B.'SS1,000 Harlem R. 1st m. (6 cone lUsh. C.8p.«.l W 6010,e«o Mich. 8. ak. fd.ba n UO.3J0011L'CentR bds.M..last year Increase3114 14 30,80477k aCO ts 60Th'be ptiaooer stated to:tha Court tbat he waa a hack-driver. He had not been prepared for trial to-day, aa lOBkofSteTN. Y...10I 13 do.... «2T< Interior Marjlaod He \ Lsalsiaaa IU Metrepollian Bank.lll 60 friends had oMalnad one daring bis ooofinement la IMOHailemRaDroad.. l«H 10081600 dlBO do16 111. Centrala303820Mlcb.8 AN.I.e B'k. 38V660 0hie..Bar.t().R.. 79)4film. On tbe night of the alleged burglary, he was in 1(0 do a3038!il00 do s30 79 bngs (by auction; II Hc'.'SlSlin., averagingthe room with her from six o'clock till morning. Wit- ness at first stated that she was prisoner's wife, butfive prisoner years,and lives in tbe same house wiuito-day3,400a man to State Prison for ten years. TheCourtbrieflyrevieBradthatsstimony, thejuryretired, and shortly returned, with a verdict of acquit- tal.prices,charged560 •A(5 bd- 5 70 6 80 5 65 « 7 (0 5 65 • i 755 90a second convi lion. Let thia be a If you are brought into Court again,Ohio, shipping brands, at 4i 7oa(5 80, V Mu.now discharged."The case of Hamilton Moore, a colored man,wereatat tbe close of the dealings yesterday. From this point thfre waa a recovery to 81J®82 V cent, in20 Panama Railroad.•^.13Vc. >., anaCOTTON—Holders have made somechangeclosedyesterday afternoonportlonate rates for other Idnds, ^132)4 —^•^——Santoscent,cent, from the last rates ofextra Iowa, Wleoonsin aad nilnois, at $5 55 at«Vserved one term in tbe State Prison, and have now by In the Western Shares, tbe further decline is about iaferior extra Oblo at (5 (0*(5 65 ; roaBd-asea extracent., and on Hudson Kver 1}andOhio, round-hoop, ahippliif ment of costs by the prisoner, who was then dia- the afternoon. The Shares of Erie ssrmpathized at Extra Ohio, trade brandsCentral81} against84atthestart82j.first with the prevailing heaviness, but free andfancy GeneseeKztiaOeneseeInferior to choice Extra Mlaaouri.... 5 90 • 7 2533 jand ThiTd8--were also In demand, and some par-(6 brands, Vfancy^Centralssecond, it was not now competent to aver the first and Illinois Construction Bonds. Beading Shares Biandywine.^bbl.at 4ket manifested some improvement in prices overthe lowest sales, though no large amount of actualbusiness was accomplished on the StreetM do doTotal S7ia ironthCentral, Eric, SISSS}. The political dispatches from—:objected to by the defence, on the ground of variancebetween it and the one alleged ia the present inOict-ment Tbe Court ruled th^ Indictment out, but ad- frcm the South, and to know from whtmras well 86c. » 100 3>s. mittedtheminutesoftbeCourt,afteralongdiscus- aswhere come andwhether relate IIOPS—Findreadybuyers.IncludingNew,ordin-dictof (Secondoffence.) Theprisonerwasfor sentence. Carolina Legislature shall adjourn, first ordering a Tbe next case was tbat of John Hartman and Henry call for a Convention of the People, it is at leastguilty. remanded till Mondaynot gtiilly;and theprosecuungproceededtocounsel for tbe defence, a juror was wiihdrawB, and a plea taken of guilty ot an attemptwereThe Court then adjourned to this morning, at 11;receiptsFor Burglary—Bahr Jacobowsky.For Assault and Battery— Itobcrt Green.For Felonious Assault-Mary Brown, Charles Mey- sell the registered stock at par ; thus reversingfollowa:Smith, CatharineIstWe make no alterationsfair toneither seize Fortor dissolve the Union.of 1874brought103^cent.,mclud-on Par«y. bllla^n Jfew^YorkMichigansey, $3 50 for Marsh's Caloric, and (3 80e(3 85 forwatclied and talked over a; <£(] 55, chiefly at (1 43'3(1 48than their realance, and certainly more than their authenticity inIn store, at 38 part $1 35ffi$lmixed do. at (1 38 ;Chicaga board tbe Metropolis on tbe afternoon oi the thc^t. for example, dated from Augusta, but discusi^ing Spring, poor to very choice at (1 183$! i3it : redi.s«0 b60 34!Canada 70c. and State at 70c. «72c. bush.»• •r. T/''TM">P' <rf the MuMlta and Ciadooati Bafl.way from the 22d to the 31st of October From:Prelgtit. aa(4,483 25 (1U,490 40 (389 42 (lt,8«3 Vt10 11,587 Of rant and Specie quotations for the week, conaetad10,170 43following are the Cnrrency, Land War-.1,39911— ff»_do.... ..B30 61 OhicKr. * lod.. Jte- Mobiledo. om 8. Carolina i: Ga. IH«-do. 61 MlaaouriN.principalatsaleswerea ratherV Indicating heavy marketiexUa Indiana and HicUfan at (5 (5«(( 35raj /choiee extra bbl. Canadian is inactive, lncladti« Interior to very choice extra at (5 709#7 90^IfsoJ341,'6'S"t.'(SXSKS) ilee30i:White, part (1(I red aad amber West-reportedat 7lc.«73c. for sovmd mixed Western, afloatand in storeRye is quiet at 72c.'S74c.. H busheL Sates 1,800 bush.lasSc. 'fitheexpected. Tbe receipts for tbe week exhiolt a slighta small addition tofalling ofl ronipared with the same period nf last sea-Boftrds uid Bcuitllna, ft.StavM, c. n &»supplv. usvtej 2^t77I.,9»3*1i,6w0i0/ 2o,7iX' 40.030 -136,atin moderate dle'm'>a«n-i®l'2?ait<'-'.'^ad,y*•ratf*e*s^.'»9 r5£*ll> for new do., do.; (10for C,-antr776 1* 100 Bis.—continue -to advance, shippersthe;"3J4c. for yellow Western ^ buabeLTlinb«r,issued statement oft30,504 40 1,787 88 32,528 IITelju'pb Total:" isaa Mlwww.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 