 tpIThe simple statement of &A case is this. Each State entered the Union und^fthc Constitution; the Federal Government is ttc agent of the States, created for special purpose^, and circumscribed in its action by theuii. > \convenience will no doubt arise from such; an enact- ment, and it may be necessary to maike some excep- tional cases; fOT instance, the express or implied con- tract with a black porter to carry your trunk or car- pet-bag, or to go on an errand; put this may be done, and yet much good result from the general law on the•abject.I t not unfreqnently happens that slave mechanics hire white men to work under their direction, and for their -benefit, and thus, instead of exercising a control ever that class of population, some are placed under4mt regard to disparity of intellect, merit, or acquire- jnentu. t '. 'The general recognition by the citizen* of South Carolina of their allegiance to the State-, and that obe- «Geuce to the Federal f5uvrrtm»*-nt <•*•*<•»»« us soon as the State withdraw* from tne Union and assertsagainst any attempt-to interfere in any way with this property. 'Mr. Memminger was kindly received, hos-her Constitution excluding Slavery, and with limits nations. South Carolina and Georgia alone would clare as severed the lost tie that binds us together as a•>§50?000 worUi of arms annually, for five years, from Major Ripley, upon the conditions mentioned above, and that a negotiation be opened between the three 8tates. to settle on the site for the Arniory.not be controverted that each State entered the Union as a State, and not as an unorganized mass of individ- uals, and that the action'of each State was independent of the others; and if any proof of this fact be wanting, it may be found in the action of North Carolina, whichboth. Then the issue, already tendered us.by the North-, will be understood and accepted-^-XJnion without Slave- ry or disunion with Slavery-.wo cadnot remain withavowed enemies,ana degradationand ruinmust inevita- bly await us. ->:"/;,!;' .'**' '^-'V •'•''_FeUow-citizene, none of us are willing thus to sur- render at discretion, and: the Legislature has, therefore,Southern party and statelis objects, feel that, a'dne re- gard for the opinion of our fellow-men impels us toavow the reasons and causes for such a step, which.ace made up by the history of the insults, aggressions, andwronga"'"^,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•I-•.what is fair and reasonable, and if the State deter- mines to keep up her supply, of arms, it cannot be better done than by the plau proposed. Copies of let- ters from the Governors of Georgia and Alabama, to Major Ripley, were sent to me. They approve of the propcsitiou, and promise to recommend to their Legis- latures to bind themselves to take annually $50,000trary, they all urge her by every consideration of duty and'patriotism to lead the vauin this noble struggle lor our violated rights. What a sublime moral- Bpectacle is presented to the world by.onr beloved State; small in territory, with a 'comparatively sparse population, and without much military training, yet, relying upon the justice of our curse and the approving smile ofand ultimately all the slaveliolding States, unless J^fo. ; Equally clear seems to me to be the justice and pro- souri or Delaware, prefer union'with the Nor . ^ t o priety of secession. In 1851 V e were embarrassed by;_• _ ISAAC vy- HAYNE. SOUTHERN RIGHTS A S S O C U T l 6 ^On the evening of November 23d a public m e e t b ^MTWWAGE OP GOV. GIST TO THE LEGISLA-mja u * ^<hey could supply their customers in the interior towns JOMI village*.I s view of (bo secession of South Carolina from the . f r i o c , i t beconi«3 dtfttfelj important, and absolutely »*ce»fiary, that we must have direct trade with Europe mad the Continent; and as a large amount of cdjMtafis Bscessary, and there will be some risk in the beginniug M such an enterprise, I would recommend that the Legislature should to some extent foster and encourage ncVenterprises by taking upon themselves ft PfijJ 9* Ifce losses that might follow the effort to establish directnegro slavery, as tbey may do. £i ) 'Be aSBurea that any attempt of Lincoln or hir^ "Wide- A wakes to subdue South Carolina, will ralJ,.y 100,000the certainty that none of our sister States would uniteTUBE" OK SOUTH CAROLINA.there can be no difference of opinion on the great lupertance of establishing direct trade between Charleston and Liverpool, or any other country with which we can exchange commodities. In the Union, % was important and necessary to our commercial «i«eperity to divert a part of the commerce of the w«rld from New-York and other Northern cities to fh« City of Charleston, and thus build up a great eommenial emporium, with ability to supply our own and the merchants of the neighboring States, with a «fc«-ap and wall-filled market; from which, in turn,with us. Now they are, many of them, prepared for was held in New-Orleans, for the purpose of Wining a the eome course of action. They have seenthe fulfill-i trade. Some enterprising citizens of Charleston pro-.*e*e to establish^ a hue of hteam propellers between Southern States, and of the unscrupulous and alrocioujs Charleston and Liverpool, and ask the State to guar- means resorted to for the ex"p«cted attjunment of thecompact on account of its violation by the other sectionof the Confederacy, but it must be remembered as a i^yc>or noble efforts,domination of a Northern sectional party, and then, nee, acquired equally by our money and blood, on thetion, but bis masterly and unanswerable argument be- fore the Legislature and people of Virginia failed to convince them of the necessity of concerted action on the part of the Southern States in Convention. The State of Virginia thought proper to decline the pro- posed conference of the Southern State/, as will be seen by-the resolutions of her General Assembly here- with transmitted, and only Mississippi and Alubania,of all the slaveholding States, acceded to the-proposal.No such meeting of the States has taken place, as it races, as marked as their diuerent color*, and it must ' was thought the number agreeing to meet was too fee distinctly and universally understood that the white rmall to effect the desired object, oy producing that is the governing race, without an exception, and with- moral effect which would unquestionably have resultedCarolina had never entered the Union, which is ac- the Southern States'had determined to resist. The of EurOpe, and when to these are udded^Florida, Ala- strictly sec) ior.al vote, elected Abraham Lincola and knowledged on all hands, she was not bound to do. Wilmot Proviso was substantially sanctioned by Con- bama, and. Mississippi, these States alone would form Hannibal Hamlin to the high offices Of President and The idea that a majority must always govern, which gress in the admission of California into the Union a Confederacy which would command respect from the Vice-President of the United States—representative has taken pofseseion of the Northern mind, is us mis- under these circumstances, and our State Legislature civilized world. . -;;; men of all that is odious and unjust to the South-chievous as it is fallacious, and is contradicted by rill prepared for resistance. But when it is considered that these States hold, in Black Republicans in name and Abolitionists atjheart; the analogies of a republican government. If a mere Unfortunately for the South, sundry measures were the cotton crop, the keys of commerce and manufac- the first of whom is the author of the doctrine that majority is to govern, why have two houses of Con- simultaneously passed by Congress, which were offered tures for the whole world, their importance becomes that there is an "irrepressible conflict betwer.a the. obligations to them. This state of things should not be • permitted; there must be a distinction between thegress—a Senate and House of Representatives ? Why give the President the veto power ? Why submit the action of all three-to "a judicial tribunal 7^ Why re- quire juries to be unanimous in giving their verdict? The conclusion is irresistible that it is for the protec- tion of minorities and the safety of the citizpn. I may be asked if a minority 'should govern. t My answer is, no; but they should be able, by constitutional restric- tions, to restrain the majority from acts of injustice and oppression. In the copartnerships formed by in- dividuals, the majority is. not permitted to construe the articles of agreement to the injury of. the minority, but in this case there is a disinterested tribunal to de- cide the question. In a compact between States,,from the nature of the .case, there, con be no tribunal to de- cide violations of it, and the remedy must be a disscn lutiou of the agreement, without any right on the partas a compromise to the South. Among these was a vastly;increased; and no nation can disregard or treat North and Sovth," and has openly'avowed that he law for the more effectual -rendition of fugitives slaves; them with indifference.. T o tlieee great advantages tLe will disregard the decision of the Supreme Court of the' her sovereignty, «ati«ties ine that *- « will have no trai- served powers, to protect the rights and liberties of theTne renewing article from the Constitution of theAssociation, states the purposes of the organization: ART. 2. The objects, of this Association shuH be to encourage Southern independence of interest.and feel- ing, and to promote concert of action among th«PSouth- ern States. And should any State or States, inAbe ex- ercise of their sovereign right, withdraw frdm thetors in herlinlits; but a win- pi©caution can result in no harm, and may be the ineiutp of advertising our peo- ple that if any of them should be *o forgetful of their •duty to their sovereign, and so reekl**"* or ber displeas- ure as to disregard her ordinauc**, or obey any other commands than tbo*e of the constituted authorities of the State, they will be dealt with as traitors, and pun-ished accordingly. In view, therefore, of soch a con- tingency, some legislation may be necessary in more particularly defining treason to the State, and affixing the proper punishment for the offence. South Carolina must insist upon the implicit obedience of all her citi-zen*, both native and naturalized, and no one can be permitted to put his individual .construction upon the •relation he bears to the State of his birth or adoption.The introduction of slaves from other States, whichmay not become members of the Southern Confederacy,and particularly the border States, should be prohibitedpeople, and to preserve the Federal- Union,'-' and forthis purpose she desires the concurrent action of theSouthern States; but she adds •" that efficient coopera-tion will be more safely obtained by such direct legis-lative action of the several States as may be necessary of the majority of the States to prevent the withdrawal and proi>er, than through the agency of an assemblage of any of the parties, otherwise might would makeUnion^ and the Federal Gouernment attempt:coercion, to extend to such State or States our cordial support-withdrawal from their enemies, and, an union with be wise in South CarplinaKin imitation of Virginia, ttuir friends and natural allies. If they should con- to decline a representation in " any assemblage, whichtinue their union with the non-slavehelding States, let can exercise no legitimate uower except to debate and, .. tbem keep their slave property in their own borders, advise," and in no assemblage whatever, until by the sxvd the only alternative left them will be emancipation ordinance of her Convention she luw seceded from a ay their own act, or by the action of their confederates. Union which she once acceded to, "and which hasWe cannot consent to relieve them from their embar- proved a curse instead of a blessing.rassing situation, bv permitting them to realize the The effort of South Carolina to assemble tho South-money value for then* slaves by selling them to us, and ern States, in the hope that the North might be inducedthus prepare them, without any loex of property, to to pause and retrace their steps, by im earnest and .accommodate themselves to the Northern Woe-Soil unanimous protest against the course pursued by them,ideav But should they unite their destiny with us, and and a notification that unless a change of policy tookhave taken to themselves all the fruit expected from ment for both. if/?' v • their portion of the compromise; and then they haveproceeded to deny to the South that which they had Finally, fellow-citizens, let us continue to fee united,bargained for. California has been pouring its millions as we have begun. Our Legislature has acted,\ with to agree—Mr. Guthrie rose and spoke, in substance, aj into their- lap, while not a single slaveholder can |hold encouraging unanimity. When the Convention Jshall .follows;, '. ' ; ,,• ',f a foot of its golden territory. 8tate after State has have decided upon our course, let uspursue it with thebeen added to the Union, from each of which Slavery some union of hearts and hands. Let us be kindly' to FxtLOw-emzENS: W e have been called hereto has been excluded; and, when a single territory ap- each other, and tolerate differences of o p i ^ j • •"^ H ' take into consideration the "aTanning condition>of our peared with a tolei-axion of Slavery iu its Constitution, i us be equally prompt, decided,' and unitewshe was rejected with disdain. - ' j . That we may reach this result, it is well icOn the other hand, the petty boon which had Ibeen prepared for every contingency. Our enOmiooioffered to the South as the price of all those countless admit our right to leave this Union, but they may at-benefits to the North—namely, the rendition offugii tempt to coerce. Their ignorance and presumption bideratiou vi the character of tho indiqinual presiding tive slave*—has been actually taken back by the North; would lend us rather to infer the bttter,1 and we should over side meeting should weigh in' the momentoujs nay, worse, it has been made the means of throwing prepareourselvcs to repel force with'force.' - 'Our State question we have met to; discuss and consult up£n. contempt upon the South and its civilization. Fifteen should at once put herself in a position of defense, andStates have either nullified the Act of Congress, or her people should form one vast' camp. Every regi- party of one eection of country was 'not the great have made it next to impossible to carry it iuto execu- ment and company should be fully armed and trained; grievance of which wo have to complain—it was the cution, and thus, instead of diecbarging the duty which, and our resources should be freely brought forward and organization of a sectional party at the Nofth un- by the Constitution, each State solemnly undertook to contributed. No man who is in earnest will object jto friendly to the institutions and interests of therSouth. perform, the Northern States have not only refused per- contribute his quota," and the beet earnest we can give But what is the election of a sectional President, with formance, but they pertinaciously interpose every ob- of our sincerity is a willing contribution to the support an antagonistic Senate and House of Representatives T. stacle to prevent the Federal Government from dis- Of the State. Let not our Legislature, therefore/ hesi- He cannot appoint an officer without the sanction of charging the duty for them.become stars in the Southern galaxy—members of a place, the South wouldi be compelled to take the re- .great Southern Confederation—we will receive them drets of her grievances in her own hands, failed on ac- with open arms and an entb nsiasting greeting. Should, count of the refusal of Virginia to join in the move- ments, although her borders had been recently invaded and her citizens murdered in cold blood by a band ofstriking down tne fortunes of the first, , -MfiBg thelaborer of his wages. No cou-then, danger approach their borders, or an enemy, open or disguised, make war upon them, there is not a doubt out a living rampart of freemen, from the Atlantic to the Gulf oi Mexico, would line their borders and beat back the invaders. .• To dispense with the necessity, as much as may be possible, of resorting to Lynch-law and illegal execu- tions, in punishing offenders against the peace of society and the safety of our citizens, I would suggest the en-actment cf a law, punishing summarily and severely, if not with death, any person that circulates incendiary aocoments, avows himself an abolitiouistj or in any "way attempts to create incoordination or msurrection among -the slaves. If some act of this kind is notyassed, the people, goaded to madness by the frequentattempts to disturb their quiet and destroy their pro-perty and Eves, will not, under excitement, be veryAbolitionists instigated to the deed by the teachings of men of controlling influence in the North. All hope, therefore, of concerted action by a Southern'Conven- tion being lost, there is but one course left for South Carolina to pursue, consistently with her htmor, in- terest and safety, and that is, to look neither to the right nor left, but to go straightforward to the consum-mation of her purpose.It in too late now to receive propositions for a con-The election of a sectional President by a Bectionaldecision will be satisfactory to the people, made, as it that we were divided and distracted at home, and that, will be, under oath, and with time for reflection, and in consequence of .our divisions, the scenes of 1851IANA.From tht CkarUvCon Mpreory.cipation. These schemes have been set forth in a book indorsed by their leaders, and by some sixty Members of Congress, and their first fruits have been exhibited by John Brown in Virginia, and by the torches andIt is manifest that no ticket of Delegates, which has strong minority of friends in the Free States—an array as yet appeared, concentrates the public opinion, and sympathizers and allies, who have uallantly fought ourthat the choice of the people can only be ascertained battle?, and now stand in the breach, with us. ; ; through the ballot-box. Among- the'multitudes of While we denounce the aggressions of the North/ namesbroughtforward,myownhasbeenseveraltimes istheSouthnothing to blame? Are our skirts freeexamination.would be recnactcd, and'the State would finally .acqui-NEW-ORLEANS, La., Nov. 15.My Dear Sir: * * " * n I think the cup of our. strychnia prepared for the good people of Texas.fThe resolution of the General Assembly directing esce in the Black Republican rule, or, at best, thate Governor to communicate to all the slaveholding something lees than secession would be adopted, andStates certain resolutions adopted unanimously, ex- our energies exhausted in fruitless expedients and una-pressing the opinion they should immediately meet to- vailing threats*. Now that the/unwelcome conviction gether to concert measures for united action, was, soon forces itself upon them that " we have counted the cost,from the cause* of this impending colamily ? Has the is « neither to be sought or declined," I cannot do South presented an unbroken front with her Northern otherwise than allow it to remain. alliesto the enemies 7 Have we allowed the conservative If I should be elected I would feel grateful to my people to rally to the support of a conservative man Ifellow-citizens for the confidence which a selectiott W e have much to fear if divided, but nothing to dread to so responsible a situation would imply, and I if we aire united. Here, on the south side of the Ohio,pledge myself that whatever of ability Ijpossess; shall a middle State, with the Free States on the one side, be devoted, with untiring assiduity, and perfect sin- and the SOuth upon the other, what have welo gaingleness of purpose, to the honor and welfare of South out of the Uniou, and shall we be driven or forced Into Carolina. As a son of the soil, stimulated by every antagonism with cither section? We nativraDv takeTm*W-^6RK DAIL Y TRIBUNE, FRIDA Y , NOVEMBER 30, 1860. :# !»,>..>.?. k;.;; vthat two, three, or four States w h e ^ nnite for that; the Southern banner," present, to the heavensfhe us that we are on the same degraded and low level ready assertedby our former Convention, and is amply { X K,.JJ,.V„ n o w*fTHESECESSIONBTOVEHrENT.purpoce. Weshouldnot bedepe^,^ t ontheNorth, 'brightconstellationthatadornsit." • "'•'i\ cnwithpolygon-iists;ipotherwords,thatOurwives,and sn«tKWbythesoundest/ofr^ ^ tf „ g^V* heri a rrr, that the time and the occasion were in-opportune. The other Southern Stater had already• •'or a. foreign country, for.our,*>BRpon$of defense, lest 'ihcre.is no reasonable doubt but that Goorgia, Ala-us. Major R. S- I?ipl<y> *'citizen of South. Carolina immediately fellow,.and that the other Southern States men of the South are as unchristian, heathenish, and ^S^^,'; exercismg,'( -»#u^tohem . the right* of sov-OOV; GISTS'S MESSAOB. proposes to establi*b as armory for the South, in;G0Or- gia, Alabama, or South Carolina, according as may be agreed on by those States. All he asks is that ehch.of the three States named should contract with him for f50,000 worth of arms annually for five years, and ex- tend their patronage<for a short period thereafter; the anus furnished to be up to a standard model, to be de- termined upon and delivered-at prices fixed by compe- tent authority, and to be subject to the proper military inspection{in part's, by Suite officers—those of each State to inspect the arms for that State. This would be preferable to having an armory, and would preclude the necessity of burdening each State with extensive gpy,ECH BY MB. MEMMTNGEK. establithmeut, dependent upon it for management by salaried officers, and would require no expenditure bythe State until its value would be received.Henry "Ward JB«ecl»e:ron tJac Crf*i*. There seems to be nothing in the proposition but mh tance States toward South Carolina; orithe con-then that, we <* should teach that disunion wasJ'ieviu- " hie in ««• future," and that'".upon the first occasion "of general ferment in the South," South Carolinashould secede, and stand the hazards of the di«. That occasion has arrived, and I now advocate immedieio secession.I will say further that, committed as South Carolina ment with these people, unless we could control it. federaffio/* When the preeent Constitution was adopt- now is, though all therestof the'S&ribshonld-wocumhjKENTUCKY FOR UNION..KPKECH BY WR. «UTHRIE.letter from Senator Clay.from a general meeting of the States interested. Oneof the resolutions adopted by Virginia in response to -the invitation of South Carolina and. Mississippi to meet in conference, expresses the opinion, that 'VVir- ginia does not yet distrust the capacity of the South- em States, by a wise and firm exercise of their re-and it.was declared, both in and out of Congress, thatpeace and security would now be secured to ourcountry. Each of the Southern States which'had de-clared against the Wilmot Proviso, except our own, North .have ever found an abiding place among us, and and acts, the Northern States have virtually subverted accepted this compromise, and we were brought to the . it is a singular fact in our history, that both the conser- the Constitution and dissolved the Union, and that the necessity of choosing between acquiescence, for the vative and defensive/elements in our Government' have only safeguard for our rights, property and liberties ia tune, or of leaving tJae Union alone hep* furnished by the South. The institution of Slav- in prompt action; therefore, we agree to form aipoliti-W'hicnjcan exerc Beno legitimate powor except to de- bate and advise."Thus we see that although Virginia had strong hopes at that time of preserving the Federal Union, she was Uiiwillir-g to resort to any other way of effecting the objtct than.by the separate action of each State, which would have the effect of.prpducing the concurrent ac- tion of all the States interested. If, therefore, Virginiais right as to the best mode of redressing wrongs, and obtaining the concurrent action of other States, it fol- lows that the separate action of each is the best meth- od of getting cooperation or concerted action of theright, and a compact be an unmeaning and worthless piece of parchment..sisters, and mothers, and .daughters' are no better than aseertedyin Gonventiomwi'^ for foster States,her inoV will eventnally complete thegnlaxy.. It waB hot to be bestial as that human monster* ':'; Such is their real ereigns.. •, . -' .• ;,;< .-',.•. • , . . . :signified their acquiescence in that, which South Caro- in the hour of need, the sup^jy Inay fa withheld from: bama, Mississippi, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas, will the harlots of Brigham Young,^ in Utah, and that the, pendence, they all "vvet:^ jfonh as sovereign-, united 9j?.ftproposed, to .resent by secession. ^ reoommended30,0? COTI*nap. t •! .btnth7h*IT So*, tit not sr- ^neighv Jai'gu;. o i m b cenw. >: {teal v •re^pc:ther»- "• - tUnkrmar'cf: of Unlarid j vited Rrw y cenrn 5«j . coolly, ;thiou* a, Tli*- fadopto»iH Hurt.Pi* ili l>y»f,r .i.t. .«-i«i/.o aHrmrftn tt» Govt). <irtit „i t. jwrty •>IM_ tt-elr h««<. J*Wert r*fn*_ W* <fi -: . fa P<*e of <B-f i i j nr'iaiiixu-ipitj „expected that they would move before South Caroliua; not on account of any .want Of patriotism and deterrai- n'ation to resist aggression and insult, nor because they are less informed of their rights, or less prepared to defend them: but oh account of the .national parlies, so lately Btrivingfor victory in the Presidential can- vass;, m which contest there would naturally arise distrust and jealousy of each other, and a scramble for the ascendancy. Now that the Presidential election is over, and an enemy of their eection is chosen to rule over thenr.ave find all parties becoming, united ajgainjt the common Nenemy, and prepared to forget their past divjfions, and unite in. defense of their altars and firepides. " .judgment, deliberately formed in Convention at Chica- go, proclaimed in their platform of principles and senti- ments there adopted, and reaffirmed, after years of dis- cussion, at the ballot-box, on the 6th of this month.TheThere is no longer any. jealousy oil the part of otherwoith of anusy to be paid for at the same price paia by llcavon; *he is first among the foremost to sever herthe Federal Government for arms of'the same'finish coniic( tion with the Federal Government, and to accept.and 'description; pro\ ided they are of the latest and the consequences thut may follow her decLion. I willapproved military patterns, and are manufactured in not enter into an'elaborate argument to prove the right,one of the States mentioned. I would, therefore, of a State peaceably to secede from the Union. It will what they have so solemnly prp;n>>*ed to do—destroy recommend'that South. Carolina bind herself to takeIt is true that no provision is made in the Constitu-;It follows, from the views presented j that the Fed- eral Government cannot rightfully use force to prevent a State from seceding or force her back iuto the Union; but, in the language of the late Judge Harper: " Men having arms in their hands may use them, • and I can- not too earnestly urge upon you the importance of arm- ing the State at the earliest practicable period^ and thus be prepared for the worst. It is gratifying to know that if wo must resort to arms in defense of oxir lights, and a blow should be struck at South Carolina before the other States move up in line, we have the tender of volunteers from all the Southern and some of the Northern States, to repair promptly to our standardand share our fortunes. ''.',."". ' . • In urging the State to arms, it is not to be understood that we are defenseless; by examining the report of the Adjutant and Ihhpector-General herewith trans- mitted, you will see that we have sufficient arms to supply the, number of soldiers that will probably be necessary for some time to come, and many of ourarms are of the most approved patterns; but no one can tell what a day may bring forth, and. it is a wise precau- tion to prepare in time. I cannot permit myself to believe that in the madness of passion an attempt will be made by the presenter next administration to coerce South Carolina^ after secession, by refusing to surren- der to her the harbor defenses, or by interfering with her imports or exports; but if I am mistaken in this, we must accept the'issue, and meet it as becomes men and freemenj who, in all the calmness of determined resolutions, infinitely prefer annihilation to disgrace.We cannot penetrate the dark future; it may be ii*filled with ashes, tears and blood;" but let us go forward in the discharge of our duty; with an unwaver- ing trust in God, und a consciousness that anything ispreferable to dishonor and degradation.WM7H. GIST.' NOTE.—In addition to what has been said of postal matters, the present arrangement might be continued, by an agreement between the State and the Federal authorities for a given time, and until other States se- cede, and the formation of a Southern Confederacy, when the whole subject can be intrusted to them; butcareful in measuring the punishment they inflict, ana thoNorw. The institution of Slavery must be under the Government insists on considering the State still and overthrow the domestic institutions of the South-it is to be feared that the innocent may suffer with the the exclusive control of those directly interested iii its in the Union after the ordinance of secession has been em Stutes. This j>arty have no bond of Union, except after the election of Delegates to the Convention of the to fear if we are true to ourselves and to our country.guilty, and scenes of violence and bloodshed too fre- preservation, and act left to the mercy of those that passed, thepresent arrangement must cease, and some avowed hostility to the South, and.an equally avowed People. Having no other means of reaching the pub- if we are actuated by the same sentiments that filledby legislative enactment, .and by this means they will hebroughttoseethattheir_safetydependsuponaotherStatesmanymovement,and.itwould,therefore,. Ten years have passed away; and what is the spec- •wise Providence Of God has so ordered the constitution ing of Nov. 26, in which it says 3,000 patriots partici- tacle which the country now presents ? The North off the races, that this existing order is the best arrange- pated. A Committee was appointed of which Mr.ference ; and the State would be wanting in Belf-re-spect, after having deliberately decided on her Courre,to entertain any proposition looking to a continuancein the prveent Union. We can get no better or saferguarantee Uian the present Constitution, and that has'proved impotent to protect us against the fanaticism of if no arrangement of this sort can be carried out, and tional party, whose ayoved object is to interfere withcept through the other, and by their consent. ^T Should the election of a sectional President stultify the progress of a country like ours, a country'whoso progress is without 'parallel in history? With tho election of a single man what have wo to fear 1 [A voice,." Everything."] I say we have a great'deal tobelieve it to be their duty to destroy it. .Ioently occur. With the knowledge that there is a The tone of the Northern press Has greatly changed other, under State authority, be substituted.iw to reach the cases, the legal tribunals of the State since the unanimous and determined action of South'will be the first appealed to, and in most coses their Carolina. Heretofore it was supposed by our enemiee LETTER FROM SENATOR CLAY OF LOUIS-determination to make use of the Federal Government lic,! would be glad, through your paper, to say a wordfor the purpose of carrying out their schemes of eman- on this subject, in connection with myself. the breasts of our revolutionary siies. We have aafter the adjoarnxuont, acted upon, and copies of ^the and find nothing so intolerable as voluntary slavery," When the South, bowed down to the Georgia Unionplatform in '51? and' pledged herself to dissolution if Congress materially impaired the force and effect of the Fugitive Slave law, abolished Slavery in the Terri- tories, &c., &c., I regarded them as the idle menaces of a conquered and retreating army, which would not be acted out when the trial came. I was for secession of the South, or of any Southern State, for sufficientconvened the Legislature to appoint delegates, or have suppliants than as conquerors, to save a Union :from cause then. How can I be otherwise now 7 for if aresolution* sent to every Southern State. Mia/ossippi that we are not to be deterred from the assertion and and ^a>>ttwia.were the only States that agreed to meet maintenance of our rights by the threats of FederalSouth Carolina in Convention, and as no delegates had bayonets,-or the unmeaning and senseless display ofbeen appointed by"' the Legislature, I did not ftiel Wide-Awake processions, formidable onlyto the capi-association which hallows the past, and every hope sides with those whose interests ore identical with our ligations to a dead ancestry, and to seven living sons, lina while she is safe at home in bed! ]Cheers.]authorized to make an appointment without there had talists and conservatives of their own section, they be-audiences which listened to him; and we have to rerceive the result of the election as the declaration of which gilds the future, I could not do otherwise. Ob- own, but we will not. fight the battles of South Care-been a general agreement-of the Southern States to gin to change their tone, and appeal to us, rather as meet. Had such been the case, I would, either havetheir final determination. The new era has therefore alike bind me to perform that duty to the State, whichwrongs and injuries now overflows. Since the election of a man to the Presidency pledged to a war of exter- mination of Slavery, the North can offer us no greater insult or stronger proof of hatred and vengeance.-equal rights-and equal numbers, what is to keep them eOvere.igpty; and, finally, to promote in every way tho Thus left alone by . our "natuarl allies, we were from equal eeatsiiu this Court-House, and equal places establishment of a Confederated Government :of tho obliged to take what your hunters call the "book in the muster-field and the hustings 7 And what must Southern States, or such of them as will unite lor thatcommenced, a revolution has been effected, and we are of the wrongs suggested in the Georgia platform, now to have a hostile Government^ elected by a hostileWhen we uppeal to those border States, Indiana, n- hnioe, and Pennsylvania, shall we say they will not • •'• listen, that they will not rouse up. and the conserva- tive spirit rally and say to fanaticism South and'to abo-Should sthe voters of Charleston, however, find* litionism North: Withdraw vourunconBtitutionAI acts? twenty-two delegates whom they deem worthier than we will work for you with" heart and soul; and thotaken the responsibility of appointing them myself. which they have reaped a rich harvest of profit andThe consequence was, no. convention met, and each honor, and the South has only known by its exac-State was left to act for herself, and upon her own re- tions.sponsibility. They have been deaf to the voice of reason and con- sentiments or principles of the Northern people^—theirsanguinity; they have disregarded the counsels of their masters will rebuke these unfaithful servants by turn- Itwasproposedattheextrasessiontoraise$400,000, wisestandbestcitizens. TheirNeros,inthepersons ingthemout—letusawaittheverdictofthegrandin-by issuing State bonds, to arm the State, and prepare of Seward, Sumner, and others, have been fiddling quest of the Northern people at the ballot-box before subjects without even putting our enemy to the trouble for her defense; but, for want of time, no decision was while the Constitution has been trampled under foot, we sever our Union with them, for they are, or may of making a conquest—-in fact; it would be to wear made on ibe proposition. In the mean time, however, and a higher law inaugurated in its stead; in accord- be, friends, misrepresented as enemies. Georgia should choins^and claim them as a badge of distinction. :and with great promptness, the Bank of Charleston, ance with, their treasonable advice and teaching, and not have waited the judgment of the North upon these In 1776, when our fathers declared their indepenlthrough its President, telegraphed to me that it would by the crowning act of electing a Black Republican or either Of these acts of Congress, when passed by dence of Great Britain, it was because a foreign Gov*take $100,000 worth of the bond* of the State .at par; President to carry out their long cherished designs" her Representatives and Senators, but ought to have erament claimed the right to pass laws for us which"and since then, a formal resolution of its Board has against the peace and prosperity of the South, they mimediately seceded. Now, the people have Hpoken We had no agency in making. After eighty years of citiaens of Charleston since the present movement com- your steps; and to the South: stay your hand, the ' been sent me to the same effect. This act of patriotic have declared open war against us. at the ballot-box in favor of each and every aot of ag- independence, we are brought back to the same posi- menced, and, being a candidate, I ought, perhaps,'" to remedy for vour grievances,lain, ana not out of theduty on the part of the Bank of Charleston merits What course, then,/is left for the Southern State to gression, either one of which every Southern State tion. A sectional party, taking possession of the Govern- delme my position/' though I might hope that a record Union Iyour highest commendation^ and sets an example of pursue for the maintenance of their rights and the se- has, time mid again, declared just ground of Secession ment, and wielding it for sectional purposes, is, in fact, a oi thirty years did so sufficiently. The only ma* of the Revolution who was unfeithful Jove to the State, and devotion to her cause, worthy of curity of their property, but a separation from such or Disunion, if adopted by a bare majority of foreign Government, and when, as in the present cose, It is now just thirty years since I edited a newspaper was from the North. Benedict Arnold rests under tho mineral imitation. The mere " moneychanger" would open arid misguided enemies, and the establishment of the party is animated by sectional hate, the subject in Columbia, advocating the doctrine of nullificationcSdcnlate # * V*J°* °* *** investment, and prospect of a Southern Confederacy, with every element of great- Congress. Yea, more; the "Northern people," by minority is in a Worse condition than the subject of an as expounded by Calhoun arid* Harper. I am not corn of the world as a. traitor to his country. Themere majority of Congress should perpetrate any onewould, without such aid, be prompted by the instincts of my own individual nature.it might be truly said they do not express thesection, whose settled purpose is,war upon the peaceand civilization of the South. Secession from such aGovernment is a necessity—not a choice. Tosubmittosuchrulerswouldbetoacknowledge"ourselves' myself,ifIdonot,liketheancientpatriot,"rtjoic*" remedyfortheseevilsiswithinandnotoftheUnion.garni but the patriot sees nothing but the necessities ness and every means oi defense necessary to protect an immense, majority, have proclaimed a war of absolute monarch • for be Would feel some sympathy«f bw State, and hastens to relieve them.. extermination of Shivery, and , an "irrepressible aware that I-have ever changed or wavered in a po them from any enemy, and command the respect and conflict" with its supporters, by selecting to rule with every portion of his dominions. But in our case, litical principle or sentiment since that time. In m>ihope of* obtaiui « peutrv. ? I t^.iv «he C%y Hotel ui ^us inquiries wbusiness, which. D eventuated in a cjJmnuindinj? nyThe separation of the Southern States from the North admiration of the world ? It is gratifying to knowwill leave the Southern States, to a great extent, that in the contemplated movement, South Carolinawithout the laeiHtaes of manufacturing arms, for the has strong assurances that she will not stand alone; injury, and prove their thorough scorn and loathing, want of armories; and it will, therefore, be important that if the lone star we must have, it will be but for aA T e a e h individual State to eetabBsh an armory, or short season, when star after star will be added, andCS.fanaticism has extinguished every, kindly feeling' private judgment^ at that time, I became convinced bedof W ashington and his noble compatriots, andid rebukov «y- Thisordcr c t propriotv, an<! ^.ueeqneriuy u • *ew moment'^ m iover us the very author of that dogma which so shocked us when he fust announced it; and, to heap insult uponand political jealousy has taken the place of patriotism! that the " South alone should govern the South. .u, andsectionalism. But let us be calm, temperate., aud dis-Ias well as hatred, of the slaveholding States, they tellGovernment and to return to the original position of " a consummation devoutly to be wished." I opposed that in its infancy, with but 3,000,000, people, bearded; independent States. Our light to do so has been al- separate secession in 1851, because I believed then, as the British Lion, bn divided in its greatness, with it*'; ::; ' •• "••"•••.. .-of- Anierlviav v&ffcet the peacO with England, they re Of course we cannot live under the name Govern- ui^tedtoy^jer'under a treiity called Articles of ConThey are the most bitter, relentless, and vindictive ed, theyy. Kftudiously retained their character as 8tates,enemies we have on earth; and will not only uubjugate and t£g javoidiali doubt and uncertainty, adopted an be solitary ni d alone. The Rubicon is abroadv passed. but utterly destroy u8-rdriving ue, if they can, like amer/jgjjcut preserving to each all reserved powers. In cor.clueion, let me sny, that I am.not one of thoeo the Jews-, ae an accursed nation, from the land of our GnfiVxvtjre •section (the tenth) of the-Constitution is oc- who, ever, at any time, locked to secession as'a means love and birth. < c^'pad with restrictions upon the sovereign jrightB of of saving the Union. I want no new guaranfy, bat al a m for separating from them immediately; and T'>>e States, thereby distinctly admitting the existence of separation, permanently and fore»ery from; a peoplo iraking them a foreign people, with whom we will these rights, subject to the restriction. Such a section whose modes of thought and feeling are opposite and treat or fight, as they elect. Let South Curolina act f :wonld l a v e been, absurd if the Constitution had cntogonistic to.onr own, and who have beconie strong alone and at once—the sooner the better. I thinJ^ ntended to merge the States into a consolidated enough to govern us, if we remain united.' ; * Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi will sooujoin lv# :i)ation. '-.• ."••.' •'• i.men of the South to, her defense in less than one month. ment of our prophecies; and see that the government of "Southern Rights Association." The following pre- They will he-forced to fly to her relief by/ the instinct Lincoln will be aforeign and hostile government. Then amble was adopted:of self-preeervation; for, When the fighf4 begins, they their, leading men reaaosied us to stay our hand, but Whereas, We, the citizens ,of New-Orleans ^and ofwill realize the fact, that the majority of the Northern now "tf ey advise us iojjpfti forward. .Then we were the State of Louisiana, ignoring all former politicalpeople are the implacable and insf^tkce enemies o*" able to remain in the Union/yrith only prospectiveSlavery and slaveholders of the Squ*«fc, 'and mean to"do,'ties, names, and associations, have ntet for the "purposedangers lefore us. Now if we remain we deliver our of declaring our sentiments oo.tbe present momentous; ;you half Slave and half Free, (State*.All that I have, or can command, shall be at the . very properly determined to take immediate steps for heaped upon ns as Southern men by those who Hliould At the request of a distinguished Virginian, Edmund State did not enter the Union until more than a year service of my own, or a^y Southern State, that has our relief. A Convention has been called, arid you are be our friends and brethren, bnt who are really and in Ruffiu, esq., I herewith present to the Legislature one after it, was formed by the admission of nine States, the celf-respect, patriotism,' and courage, to refuse to' now to elect, members to this Convention. Bear in fact our worst enemies—we mean the northern portion of the pikes intended by John Brown to be need by which number was required by the Convention that bow her neck <o the ^r,Ke her Northern enemies have nh'nd that secession implies the construction of a new of tbis Confederacy. In support of which we submitthe negroes of Virginia upon the. unoffending and adopted the present Constitution of the United States. prepared to fasten ojn her, or sumbit to the master they Government, probably of a Southern Confederacy. the following facts:peaceable inhabitants of that State. He requests" that this weapon may be placed in some conspicuous tion for dissolving the Union, and it_ is very probable I trust and be^eve South Carolina is—let her act at an£ wisest men. But with wisdom they should have institution of African Slavery in the South, and havehave appointed tv> her. If there is such a State—and You ought, therefore, toeeekoot and elect your best They have, for more than thirty years, assailed the position in the State-House of South Carolina, there to that the patriots who framed the instrument had no once, and prepare for the last argument of nations, if it enthusiasm, strong feeling' in* this great cause, cool made our Federal Le;>nl;»tnre a graad instrument forremain, and be preserved as abiding and impressive e\'i<l£IW£fiCillSjanatlcal hatred borne by the domiuant Northern party, id *J>e institutions and people of theidea that the loathsome fanaticism, pandered to by iis forced M^OW her. If my life is spared, whether sick .heads, and warm .h'earts- -tliey should be men deter- incendiarism and Alxliiion; ^ ^ >objects in view;" and I respectfully recommend that the thanks of the State be returned to Mr. Ruffin for this memento of Southern wrongs, too long and too patiently borue, and tbjit it be placed in the Hall of the Houee of Representatives. ' j'•. •In obedience to the resolutions' pfi§eod bv the Gen- eral Assembly of this State at its last reglUM fiejapn:probably not only achieve our independence, but laythe foundations of a Confederacy in which law and•order shall again abide and. govern. Our cause is just; tion of the United 8tatcs'forthe rerbvery of fugitive ;we have in no..caeebeen aggressors; we have borne slaves, and the laws of Congress passed thereunder, with our adversaries .until forbearance lias ceased to be and made it a criminal offense in any one to aid ,in theNorthern politicians, would over make it necessary for or well;./will stand or fall in her defense. il.-f.;the safety of the South that they should dissolve the In fJae hope of our early deliverance from the yokemined that South Carolina shall never submit to.theTbey deny to ns a common property in our! Territo-rule of universal application, that a violation of a com- pact or agreement by one party releases the other from its binding obligation, and the only question Is, who is to judge of. the infraction. From the very nature of the case, in a compact with eovereigns; there can be,us go forward with a determined purpose, and we snail institutions, are not worthy to colonize them; 0%antee an interest of five per cent per annum upon the "Capital invested in the steamers, at* long a* they shall eentinne in the service. This seems to me to be a veryfew and reasonable proposition.i s looking forward to the separate nationality of S+ath Carolina, many change will have to be made in existing laws, a part 0? which you no donbt will be «fre«tcd to do, by un. ordinance of the Convention of the people soon to assemble; but it may not be im-proper to bring to your notice the importance of aspeedy postal arrangement, to supply the one under thecontrol of the Federal Government. I am authorized the authorities of that State the cordial sympathy of ties need no protection, for they can *£rotect thom- which surround us. I have therefore cordially re- which boomed from the old Palmetto Fort upon a for- than the Constitution and laws of our country, and to say that the Postmaster at Charleston, the Hon.- the people of South Carolina with the people of Vir- servee, but minorities insist upon constitutions to re- sponded to the invitation of your Coinmittee, and am eign enemy may be turned upon the sons ofthbee who that tbey will disregard their oaths and trample upon AlfredHugcr,thanwhomapurerpatriotneverlived>ginia,andtheirearnestdesiretounitewiththeminstrainthemajority,andtoallowitt^pUtitsconstruc-hereto-nighttoexpressmyviewsuponthegreatmannedthemintheRevolution.Inthatevent,Ifeelour rights; , iself, arid in the language of Mr. Jefferson, " each Fjcatemust judge of the infraction and the mode and meas-' gcr of Charleston, before, the Citizens of Green- whom toe Bible reveals, and sustaining only such in-ville, on Thursday Night, the 22d. Navember. • .' stitutions as/'He', has sanctioned, we may rest assued avail to protect the interests of the Sooth—and thugcluded that separate secession, under these circum- stances, would be unwise. We believed them as We do now, that the people of the North and of the South were essentially two nations, and that time would de- velop this difference so completely as to lead to a South- . em Confederacy. W e felt confident that the assaults of the North on the slave institution Of the South would not cease, and that a common interest would bring all the Southern States to desire a common des- tiny. Moreover, we perceived that the acceptance of the Compromise by our sister StateB of the South made it with them a point of honor to sustain these Compro- mise measures; and we, therefore, «ould expect no-co- operation from them in measures of resistance.element of weakness, and if any one wishes to learn the philosophy of this filet, bef will :find it fully devel- oped, as far liack as the Revolution, in • one of the :peechesof Mr.Burke. •' ••' /.".jFellow-citizens, let no man among you suppoeei that because you have not many negroes among you, you are not equally concerned m this contest. Ts any one.so silly as to suppose that if the negroes are emancipatedthey will remain i n the lower country'to cultivatethe rice fields ? No. They are incapable of any regu- and sympathy; to use all honorable means to bring lated labor, andj least^of all, Of the exact regulation about, under the sanction of a State Convention, the which such cultivation requires. They will, therefore, withdrawal of the State of Louisiana from the present swarm up among your more desirable abodes, and,, with Uniont and the assertion of her independence andPresuming «»tiD further.upon the divisions and weak- ness of the South, disregarding the plainest provisions of. the Constitution, they invent a nigher law; under whose sanctions they reject the decisions of the Courts of the Union, and have proceeded to organize a sec-sure, are ready and willing upon this issue to pledge their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor.:VIEWS OF EX-SENATOR HAYNE.To the Editor of'The Charlttion JdcrcuryiIbis .sectional party has succeeded in the late elec- tion, and is now preparing to seat its chief upon the Presidential throne. : One of its leaders, .who has•lately addressed speeches to- the whole North, fromMassachusetts to KansaSj has declared that in a singlePresidential term they will be able to settle this mat-ter forever, so that the South will, never be able te re-sist, and that the conflict must be maintained untilSlavery shall cease to exist. In these views he hasreceived the unqualified concurrence of the immensepresented; and, holding that a seat in this Conventionarms/ our fcrtreeses. and' «ar purse into the hands of crii-isin tho history of our country, and to form aof oar Northern masters, and wishing you God speed fellow-citizens, when we have made tbis selection, let on the ground that the people of the South, with theirlam, in the beat of bondw,Your friend and servant,They have passed laws in a majority pf their State Legislature* nullifying the provision* of the Constitu-expressing the opinion that the Slaveholding States ure ox redress-." A compact between sovereign,States,should immediately meet together to concert meas- with the understanding that the majority should put FELLOW.TCITIZENS OF GREENVILLE: In times'like that we suallreceiyejHia.support.:, . . r taxation without representation is practically enforcedures for united action, and instructing the Governor their construction upon its provisions, worjd n o t be these, it is the duty of every citizen to contribute, in Whether our enemies will permit our secession to b« over us; ' . " •-• '•'•"to appoint a Commissioner to Virginia " to express to worth the paper upon which it was written. Majori- any way he can, to the solution of the difficulties peaceable, remains- a problem. Possibly the guns They have proclaimed $bat there is a'" higher, law 'wii, as «oon as the State resumes her sovereignty by measores of common defense," and also to transmit tion upon the compact, is cquivalei^t to giving the ab- an ordinance of her Convention, sever his connection to. all the Southern States an invitation to meet in solute power to govern the niin^ty, irrespective ofquestion which now engrosses the attention of .our. confident that some of you will be there as speedily as Tbey have organized OFsociations to steal our slaves people. -.•>•' -.i . • eteamcan traneport you, and with you, so many of our and prevent their recapture, and have murdered theirTen years ago, I had the pleasure of addressing you gallant countrymen that the contest will become vain, masters in seeking,their rendition; •'"'**upon this some subject. At that time the Legislatures andthe flag of the,Union will forever disappear from They have invaded Southern soil and murdered our of several of the Southern States had expressed their the old Jasper stand.. And it must be our consolation inofiending citizens, and men among them, high in po- determination to resist, " at any and every hazard," if that if the foreign mercenary shall spill the blood of sition and olfice, have bestowed praise and eulbjriurag the Congress of the United States should give theforce our citizens, there will spring up life from the dead, upon the.assassins—while the Executives of several of ,with the Federal Government, and obey any call the Convention, to consult and mature measures^ for the State may make upon him for his services.' This move- safety and security of the South and their institutions, ment, together with the resignation of all the other I immediately appointed to that office the Hon. C. G.Postmasters, will enable the State to act without em- barrassment in establishing for herself postal arrahge- xoent*. A s a temporary expedient, an arrangement might be made with the Adams Express Company to earry the mails until a postal arrangement of a perma- nent character could be established, the details of which must, to some extent, depend upon the action ofether Southern States.The law prohibiting masters from permitting negroesto hire their own time, and make contracts, should beso amended, and such penalties, attached to its viola-tion, that no one would venture to disregard it. With-««t suggesting the particular jjenalty, I would recom- sisting on satisfactory •guarantees from the North, that State seceding; that the revenue laws would become their.original number. To us, therefore, it was aimon- ite mercy grant us courage and wisdom to use it dis- By their fanaticism and intolerance, thev have com- anend that both the owner of the slave and the party we were in the future to be unmolested in our persons inoperative, and the.wheels of Government stand still. etroue proposition, that none of the results of their creetly, 1bere is no just ground for apprehension as pelled us to separate from them in our churches andthat hires him or her. should be punished by fine or and property, acknowledged as equals by carrying our My-answer is this, that in the exercise of an undoubted achievements should accrue to the benefit of the South. to the result. The South .contains all the elements of other religious institutions; . , '. : imprisonment, according to the mitigating or aggra- slaves to imy Terriiory belonging to the Uuired States, right and being forced to exercise it by the party that When by fraudulent contrivance the'State of Cali- a great nation. Even in territory a few States united And recently, as if to add the crowning insult and -watir.g circumstances that attend the case. • Some in- and having protection by the Federal Government is likely to suffer, it cannot complain of the conse- fornia was brought into the Union, with a clause ih would form larger nations than many of the European w n n g to,the .long catalogue, and to compel us to de-any restraints. ,-Memminger, the mover of the resolutions, a gentle-man not only Of high character and literary attain-ments, but who was generally regarded as the expo-nent of the opinions of the <x>nservative portion of the articles of Agreement, or in other words the Constitu-people of this State. It was thought desirable to send tion.. Whenever the States having the power to- con-a Commissioner who would not only have the ability trol this agent, permit or command him to violate the whole territory acquired from Mexico by the blood and hope of such a result be disappointed, I am willing to us—while sixty-eight of their members of Congress in- to explain our position, and place us in a proper light compact, each State, not having surrendered its treasure of the South, in conjunction with the North.; hazard all the contingent difficulties of a single separate dorsed " Helpers Impending Crisis," an incendiary' before the Legislature and people of Virginia, but sovereignty, has a right to remonstrate or withdraw as South Carolina has contributed^ more than her quota - nationality, rather than submit to the tyranny of the book, and utterly subversive of Southern rights arid who would by his antecedents convince them thatC. C. CL A Y , jr.**twfcta«i, *S«;Jly nr..lo tb0.f.Xn»i«U**<J ir~ (Of tfaotb' f.:.. ,tloo ofthr- *ch*r^«' ut - a in.)«K .,;. i\:, thfir cotpwc*,CowaJry wlU -. %riM<«^ wnn.tUf U>* ,)rr< ry < iU«*n.tion« u jon th*Of tl^rf. hftV.Jy ai« - I I.AI i->- m C<?r«*titgxit-cJkemiic*<t* Th tWfutitrB! ft, tbr North «ui,t \*&*• b*coc*« i Chi mo';, n , additii.caJ ftSlh*-*l**a, 'i at th« ri\±, (fTOV. \x th<« dwenrd. a:ir tMidii^ :^-' v. - - n<* of any a.^ct tUXd Si at •."•...- .-.o f «.«a)>i«.j« s'. •Of < Uirio,* j>.>«„Vuioii, to rvK m Tlris^lorioiSomeartir-t>Chorle»lon Sit-houldbe g^v-e protect* nf;n:nt;iNowtLu, thing in the gr ers because we'fac4» and PuriU—hypocrisy rint joie'e. We"are <If we Ore to k hours ?. ShiU men ar.d brave t p e a k agTii:.". l<K.kii7g->l.t*-^ — iw k gloomy .-it «s bear a U/' t fearless <•\>- f.->:marriage belli OPINIO SFt.•.-.-« .AsFBcr.o.)BAMA.—The mt « o n niovnu,,. ^t other Sr»ti<v, ;. ruffled quietn ie The conservath sectiouausm n have been feetarmp, and ^unin ponentw. Tl:« nior.istperw,h criminations; ti iuid the'Mipp'' t idly discovering the ; poj.ijJarbect-niing'' jr. eventual seceJ weeks ' jigo E the neitvoui* ex political eftmpoinat«ral'exhauK.i de*peraiiou -i •< fn\ maajfestntj • in its projector* paucy wfiiih c a poHtician*. or rt.eja in Mi^i-^ipr iVOm K>uie moi •xi cij.it; tety down gatlifrinsr-HHifows of the p-u-u greatly *in'cr\"v-e* growii.g pru^jit tjTbewscmctti. ho subftiuiaated b\ . We have, already B". Moore, advs-fi•with the Other : his judgment. foi always .been if c hit* politicaLcnt^ian extreme $outbi ha*, e\8T btTn F Southern Rvprv-tStjUcx, tuw yit-. UH diwtinion, and h*syth, who, diu'i pasted. wa» th<- lance, beneath wflfor c^uarter, pr.»;.- aKatutfjtctory adu the compliGaJion-' »i*T resort nf Sj which recently a* solenmi^T of the tj. their dc^beratious, children, their «.'••.eflsary, wwwtantx!Tlie united Bi ecki £roniue. is for •*-,VH [r. lk 11bayobeo*constant defections with making iss> ** i Alabamt/withoui cStates, r OUTRAGKS I- The steamer A a amongherjuu^••-.<. lifetime recidentof his reception u -1 of Savanuah:My naaieis J»« t*e 'Jl City. Having a br ont'of eaiplovineui. of Noveirlber, itu< nREASONS FOR SECESSION.no umpire, unless one is provided by the instrument it- Stolen, cf Hit Speech made by Mr. C. <?. Mcmmin^ a virtue, and.. now believing and trusting in the God execution of these laws of Congress; *of law to what was then known as the Wilmot j Pro- • and a Southern Confederacy will rise into sudden and viso. The principle involved in this Proviso was, the vigorous e x i s t e n c e . . , ; .entire appropriation by the Northern States of the But should my earnest, and I think well-founded,their States refused to deliver parties implicated ia- these crimes, upon proper and legal requisitions";she may think proper, and no earthly power has the for the acquisition of this-territory. On the field of' sectional party which is about to seize our Govern- right to prevent her. Cherubusco was spilled the blood of two of her noblest, ment under tee, forms of. a Constitution which, theyThey have sent seditiouspamplets and papers'amongs a f e t y ; * ','•/ '•',". ;•"•our great aim and object in asking for a confer-ence with our Southern sisters was not to plan a disso-lution of the Union, but to save it, if possible, by in- that the existing Government would be destroyed by a with hopeful pride, returned with but one-third of at band for our deliverance; and may God of His infin- to desolate the South; " •.- { 'They have sent emissaries among us to bn^rn our It is urged by some as an argument against Becesoion, sons, and the gallant regiinent/ which she sent forth have trampled under their feet. The hour, J trust, is towns,and distribute arms and poison among our slavesform a. larger nation than Sardinia, which.is how ex-2nence8 of its'.bwn acts. If South Carolina secedes, the far beyond the line of the Missouri Compromise, South nation—with the choice of three national and coeerva-joveminent'will be in no worse, condition, except forpitably entertained, and listened to with much atten- a very short time, than it would have been if South Carolina thought that the case had now arisen in which isting by its statesmanship and vigor, the odmiratioh tive candidates, they have, by a large majority of ftSouth can add the solid conservatism ond> good sense United States declaring it the right of the South to which has always been, their characteristic. None of carry slave property into the Territories; .the morbid excitements which ore the curse of the And, believing as wo do that, by these declarationijwMany of our people, among whom I was one, j con- ery boa given us, etrength, inut^od nf hating tax cal association. ' * **ltrack,'' and many of us devoted our best efforts to re- be the necessary result 7 A war of races—a war of .purpose. ' • ' , / ;,' •> I - V " )strain the further action of the State. The people were extermination I For all history attests the fact that"> j. — •; ;. .''•such races can" only exist together in a condition of de-convinced of the propriety of delay, and the State it-self, through her Convention, while,assertingthe right pendency, such as our Slavery. A condition of inde-of a State to secede, consented to withhold the exer- pendency involves necessarily conflict and eveutual ex- • The Louisville Dem ocrat publishes the proceedingatermination. It is, therefore, as mucbJ your interest asciseofthat right. . '-j...ourstopreserve'':theexistingstateofthings,andtheofaverylargemeetinginthatcity,heldontheeven-tate in calling upon the people. The people, I am one, nor receive an appropriation of pubhe moneys ex-I leave Charleston to-day, and shall be absent until fear if we fau to do our duty. But we have nothingI shall at least submit without a murmur; and in such Shall that glorious covenant of our liberties, the Con- event I pledge myself that the zeal and ardor with stitution, be abandoned at the first ahurm 7 Lincolnwhich I shall still serve the Stute. as one of the hum- was elected according .to the constitMCiouol form* by a blest of her citizens, shall be no whit abated by the dis- bectional minority, because they were united and woappointment. • were divided, and shall we th^u pull down this glori- I have had no opportunity of addressing my fellow- ous fabric? Rather let u» «*iy to the North; retraceyWhat remains for the South but to cost oif such a ever tunce I have considered a Southern Confederacy creet iu action. Let not this glorious nations nation,Untitled Document'"'"""•'• -,-: '•.-.'-•'. .• ,.. ..'•• www.fultonhistory.com•M..-- -. .. ..../she it- bound to try the hazards, even though-site shouldTbey have rendered representation in Congress of noT KENTUCKY FOR THE U NION. \Guthrie was a member, to draft resolutions. /On thereturn of the. Committee with two reports—they /ailingcountry, North and South. Now for the first time ia istory oi America has a political panic arisen-r«i ]*Kly i JdewifWewalihistr.;aeu surrounded i I 