'^or wlue factories of Messrs. ;!" But then, other " That deal of British property at Marsala. Some years doctor with a fiim grasp, "jump down ;" butthe med- his )>o»er gentlemen say,accomplishmentpower..f.'giant not pasn witbont an order froB Gen. Garibaldi. We troLtlesonie rival than Turin. If the General ean new direction there is an end toto take part in the national movement, now, bythe«P.fliJceived considerable support, but all the neople lantic, with reference to the Fight for the Cham- lowingrunningthe heaviest vote possible in the North and Northwest, and another to accomplish the same end ia the South. In this manner the largest number of voles will be taken from the Republicans In the Northern Slates, and the election will be Inevitably thrown into the House of Representatives, where South Carolina will be eqnal to New York, Alibama toand MissisippI to Ohio, as each State will there ca*t:watching vessels could easily kave prevented the lancing, but ihe via« v,o cautiousiaoiediataly pushedway to be'May 17.regiment, togetherpoints.|'-hear.] We had once a great filUbuster who landed Inzens.JVasiont,leading jouraalBzrtasi, member of the Sar-height.".Parliament, suited his book better. The advent ofMr. Crosket to the Board of Direction Introduces anew element altogether Into Its construction, and weIllinois,as being too conservative.ipmmmrm ^fm TpL. IX—Ko. ana.TCHE NEWS FHOMTIUROPE.lUlYU IF Tit lliBU'l ims.PK1CE TWO CFNTSBat now the time for deliberation and legrattheot Giant mi, wUcIl have ralaed all the youth of Italy, now echo fhtoagh Bnrape. Eng- land abeoads in meettnga and tubKripOona. Shallfmniilf ISTilCR OP eiUBilDI. she formerly did fur Ameiiea, Greeoa,lerlBiloDs which ihe made three years ago for goneI^KJBAAltLife that I was to a penalty of £S0 lor every persosi so taken." There is still a doubt aa to wlwtbeT or not Oabi- desirous of brtasglsg tha matter to an amicable ar-TBB STATA OF ITALY.for Jleisiti ichampion's belt remain in the hands of the editor of BttCs Lift, —whether Messina is taken or not—whether the Nea- to be fought for again, the best man to take IL IfittpmAm't.froB >wtTi lut ercabig.St. Antntne should emigrate nt hum*"Thcughcer- u>d LondoB files to Hk; 19, urived her*PatU, Sunday,however, a ttrong impression that the levoloUoa is going oa aa weU as can b« expected, and that if the King of Nayiea, the Pope of Rome, the Grand Dukedo,shall claim that S^txis meet me on neutral ground,Southern man to and we leave it,hence en the ith.Yht Amerleaa ship LtictsUr, bound from CharlestonThe Opinion Rationale considers It to be certain that two camsi Gasibaldi in person was with the expedition thatitussia tn-^rfere t Europe:if 1 wonit,Iwell coBDected words were these:landed in Sicily, although the langriage of all the tele- to Uvarpeol, went ashore in Rboecolyn Bay, Angle- grams leave that point doabt/uUa total the Captain and ere vwas•leaied that port on the anemoon of the 9th ol April ment Intended to take with respect to th ! parties rais- laat. She had a large and valuable cargo on board, ing the subscriptions. He called upon them to actThere maybemodifications;but I have yet thing else;re- RichBond Convention should await the actioo of theBaltlmoieliens In the Senate to this resultbales of cotton.TaVBAS Kdio, leccnd mate of the American shipfairly and repress this attempt, as they would com-if a similar attempt yias made to aid a rebellion isIrelandorintheIonianIslands. Hedeniedthat it was a violation of the law for English subjects to erllst In the service of a and,heroic " adventurer.":still havehopethattheywillmeettheirin tbe preper spirit, aad that, if necessary, as in the days of old Rome, there will be found more than oae Mabccs Ccrticb, who will sacrifice himself by leap- ing into the gulf of temporary obscurity, to save hiafrom distraction andBichinond Wliig thinks it exceedinglyiMlndiag 1,320aid of theYes,accept thewas on the ITlh of May committed for: InanswertoMr.HinAii'gletterwhichap-In view of the and the past,great future,weXMamg- Star,trial at the next Liverpool_ M .. . ,.,.r. r,>i>i»,4 Grorbi Sunxa. °o°n*e °o'f the tulogisingSirpeared In the Times of this day, I beg, first, to observe that I have not been aa be wouid insin-saalt on a man n»TMe<*.^^*»»**The Ill-used man still continues in the Northern Hoa-Btti's CorrisptniUiut of Life in Lnton <m Tuesday, the 8th of May. I told"? crow «f the same ship as that to which Kmo belonged.se«ritied that he \was driven to raiseuate. Ijllnl,Mats of the case are similar to the generality of themaintain a strict Irnpartialitv and not permit this ber and regicide. In this sense, Tux was a brigand,Maidstone on and Thursday, Tunl>rldgeFriday, and Brighton on Saturday. My movementscon- meet their Cotton-Statewhich have of late thrown disgrace over the Btrchant marine of the United States.country to assist eltlier side. it was true that the landing assisted by English ships.He wished to know if of Garibaldi had beenand Harhobits and Arutosutoii felonious assassins by law. As I wrote to you, the declaration of the Solicitor- General, that a subscription to assist Gari-were wellknown, and a letter or telegram addressedcoBfinsed in the desire to form part and parcel of aVirginia Democracy sider it worth while to•atragesto " Ton or " The of Satirs,' Championbrethren in " Convention in June.situated aDoot three miles fiom P^^ier.no. and It may be said that the expedition is m<iiter of the iIsland, since its partisans occupy aliLost the whole of it. Palermo and Messlria still hold out; they fare !rjon law to prosecute those who are raising tions to send money to Sicily. [ Hear, hear.]Staleybridge " Infant," Mr. Hurst, whomdelegates,by the authority of the Democratic State Executivevillagesubscrip-which sou^'ht to wrest from durisg three in all his encounters, he will be him for it, take hold of hands and jump off a years it, fightboth very strong military positions, and well defend- bd. The royal tioops, ho'-rtrever. In spite of their de- vetedness, are in a very difficult position, for the Island cootains a populatloa of nearly two milUc.i., and the Insuirectionaiy movement Is directed with great vigor.policy temporal authorityofany partof his domin- entitled to rank as Champion of England and Amer- house with him for it, or 1 will agree, In two monthsof the Iloman States.From the London Globe,TV'e have been favored by Metsrs. O'Eratiz, of Atlel-turois, and fitted for the most difficult enterprises, hehas in time of peace been pronounced rough and is, after all, most unpleasantly weil written—if it be fight, indulgedthe Navy Agents, with the following par- ticQlars of the landing of Garualdi at Marsala, ex-lians.:phl-terrace,man life.Aa a work of art it resembles the most dis-Lord Palbiisto!!, in said reply,:two Ateamers and a had been saUirg filsate,i1Idependathecoast. Thesmallestoftheseon the Ust of their corresponde^u.. ^Dk. eightAssizes for a serious as-friendly sovereign ;the berevoleot intentions of the Pope, as-TM^hut his wounds are progresring favorably. The Mr. B. OsBOBax hoped that Government wouldhiding myselfcalled, with my backer, at the office of.. to the British Admiral at Malta, shot and shell were t)<infa commonacother field, or use Italy only as an Ins'jumeot forover the"WoosBCiss, IsenAn and other British subjects, to pro-' Iret whom another English steamer of war (supposed 10 be the ScfUa) had just arrived.falUagBsglloeof the St. Louis Evening Nems, theof thatFrom the Paris Patrie. r«!teinaticnal law you must separate tliem from each other. A movement such as that which Walker at-If the hogsheads and wine-vats of Marsala be knock-ed to Immortal smash by the revengeful Neapolitan steamers, the market will k>e deprived of so much In-something of the roofs of houses, and their founda-tions and while I admit that also, " nnquestionablyHxsBAH Is a brick," I hope always to be able to saywith truth, as I do now, that I am a bricklayer.offer to fight four men, at Interva'sof thirty savors of bounce, and Is unworthy of Joni« HsxiTAif. He should remember that It might take him the firstThe rising kingdom foundation, except strengthenedof LiBcour, which it republishes from the paper to "We lave received the following details, which 'says:cemplete expedition to Sicilyten.i'tedferior sherry and wine for mixing.Toedays,TOM SAYERS.Garden, MayHs^nab, in a letter to Portxr's Spirit, gives the fol-faithful and courageous hearts of those who wish to call itthe accounts we liave already given of theia South America, when he songtit to invade aiirt to obtain possession of territory, with no higherof can have no Italysustained the skillful arms as well as an! by:hedemntty for this valiant act of ma sea-captains.I forgot, ere i closed my last mail, to tell you thit Cardinal Tiali Is dead. It don't matter much, ;is he"When Gaxibaj m's volunteersii, view than his own selfish In one ol beShould the Kingtkaldld reacll «rra Jirma merely plowed up the divined;that there should be" no House on the Derby.dg^t whatever bat that one at least of Garibaldi'smoderation opinions;though mayhas been withdrawn to be added toIng at the new point. About fifteen hondradsteamer and^ fire receives no ret'jm. whatfcer they haveMABsaiLLCB, Wednesday,of and tha aewspapers,\"AXiiBAini Ifand hts followers with arms, openPapal army:hear. w.iether suchfrigatethe rearmost, could have,j,gg LATEST DISPATCHES.dictatorial enough, and quite as much of an institution. You may remember the scandalous nomLuatlon of CoL Parrps, Prince Albrbt's lackey, to be K. C. B. In the same batch with Havrlocx. £cee iterum ' We have now "General" Grrt, private secretary tosirable toprevent those fights, yetanyS^t^m'reTilt, Jioston Post deprecatesTeasels, narticnlaity•atoff; ant, BO, theythese had been abandoned bv the luiians they wereadvantage Is to be or gained,goodthe of tam- practicewere afraid totaken ^osacssIOD of at £34 P- M., by the Neapolitans,Rear-Admlral Jrbibni, says the Opinion NationaU, has left Toulon for Naples with four vessels on the demand of M. Brxsixr, the French Ambassador, whoicDnain to keep the poorThey are subjected to all sorts ofleaving Perugia for Gubbio, the officers who were to remain behind cilod out to those going »?;*?' 'Farewell until we meet again at Bologna.' luis was In tbe public square, and the parting taiu-nr set, we are unable to state. We can onlythat we s;iw noiw. The peo]^ in the town receivedplete confusion in which the Court of Naples hsa been thrown. A ProvlsioEi.i Government has been estab- lishsd atMaisaia. Oa ihe 15th the greatest tranquil-followbiga " " a Demo- temporary ampolltuatra forapi.>ear- been long expecting them. At the } timeof the General's arrival there were no Neapo-U-*. "ijg " theylity prevailed at Messina.persons concerned are requiredto takeno-a very short time wU! snow Hon is to bereJdered more boldlenlroopElnthe town.«t5« J6a«aMr their large ships could not approach."PROCLAMATION SPURIOnS.ment Act, 59 Gio, sec. 69, it is a III.,butre-\.JDSTMBirT. lit London Timesof Her Majesty, without her license for that porpoie,to cbtain, to or to go to any foreign engage, place,yean P'cvlouBOwing to theFRKNCH SYMPATHY WITH GARIBALDLmisiemeanor,success,lig Annlveraary of Nattoial Independence, hewoB'dthen cheerfully consent to deliver an al-The Ofinion Nationale of --1 connivance of the FrenchTo the SdiUr ofBib:with Intent to enlist, or to enter himself to serveto itwill then be control-dress to his fellow-townsmen,';;a.JI'arls, evidently with the Government, announcesthe cpaalag in France of aPAIM. Tlwedltor.M. Gl'Xxoult, writes:monarchy, appeared a few days airoEver since the appearance in your paperany foreign prince or potentate, in any military capacity,when the citadel Re.oluUonlsts. Recnilaforhis life, public" betaeenliberty and despoUsm, be-would easily perceive that he could not have had aabide everIhfSsaid irishmen.hi Ihe eDlis.ment thel-seivicestotneworstofis foreigners,SOBandMadisob,sentwordtothe rattfl- RepublicanTkeatrufdis tveaafte cBMaptoniof national izad for ns that son, or shallor endeavor to•'t jsenead la Italy. It was inevitable. There isheiias nosuch for haltaad(takes. Tbeadltorof gage,orcauses forof his own Italian soldiers by deser- ooLB He said he Imbibed Dsmooracy directly-"tlw \Mttmomdaofforeignwhateverto orto person enlist,oppression, has recoui- no rocm in th0 Penlofula fcT two contradictory prlncl- jOes; cne or tht 9til« must rrevall. Devotediiste that will obligeVTitteaby ioseitklgproclamation, you the champion'*procuretryiton.Is to bePeniglana Indigaitlestabscrlptlon for Gari-and soul with themeans In my power to aacartain fromactually pa d or received by, such forarriving TM=r,v7Mre»re ejpected-amongbeen Afterartillery remacathepcrtant notice with respect to the recruiting for theshallowness o'for humiliated bythe Pauline fortress at I-*'"!'*. Jhe hS^of wi marked, " That if Uvlng on the Fourth of July, 1661,i.'very thing go*'Nay,anybodycould down jumpAustriatleman,are to be consideredsignKcaatof his{eeliogs.had landed a? M&r?ala, they occuaicd them-felves with organizing the different ser.icej, uid hts country is quite another case. [Hear, hear.] Wetilaeiax posts of observation on all the elevated iknow that'our and the oi histo- sympathies judgmentry win distinguish between the caseje of the filliouster ^nd felon, and that of the hero and the patriot. [Hear,--month to vaiquishenergetic sovereign, persuadedDidn'tcandidate. hDiimdn?'t Oitdhr.e'yt bring him forward T they press they nominate himTIn the evening, a column composed of picked mea made a strong rccoiiniosance in^the directicu of—to wear the hat and ofstockings thede'unctt Haveyou an Ameilcan Bishop fit for the situation ?Thetheofof the The Charleston Mercury argues in fav.ir of}|Iiand denounced thehim the ions.I did rot advise the Sicilian movement, bat ourbrothers stretching out to us their hands, 1 have be-lieved it a duty to assist them. Our of war will " crybe, Italia e Yittono Einanuele," and I hope that the Italian banner this time also win not be dishonored.GIUSEPPE GARIBALDI. This letter has already excited a profound sensationhere, and the impreulon will extend more widely asmond prepared to adjourn to Baltimore and join tbe Convention there, provided there seems to be a gotHl prospect that the Southern Platform wUl be there adopted, or one which may be almilar to it ia the main.1!IIjust been reviewed by the Tun«jvery favorably.in some reflections on the scene, and cspecl^iy upon tae ruffianism and lawlessness of thespectators.for theperilsSince (heTaubourgbe resumed.and thennd a'nprltalbnergroefy stone, withto Ua (Hia high seDse of honor to say whether anyttiiag aa loathsome andSlihy was ever heretofore offerad as bribe to bigh-magnanimous Southern g«a-ibe |ijett)-l0fk NEW-YOBK, IBORSDAY, MAY 81, I860.OBSAT BRITAIN^ Is paet Henceforth there U but ana oooiaa TkeExyeAtlaamenda of the Italian eaose may have wlahadand telMranh dlsintehes to here to an- the get^ATxxsor with aa lataat to ba aa aaUatod. en-to toe"no weitanofat «'st to aee the stmgile deUyed.to hetallowed—to maintain by mfloeaee, aiasaaapurpose",'/^-"""^•thairOmtt^.the cause of Italian lodepeidanea, whldi'tait yaar triumphed by the deeda af oar armiesguilty tmprisauseat; aad,p«aa*oaIrmanereditor aadin Ihe matter.that he couldfine andW9nd a of passageatVagStaand ofNaplesand Toe mSUIUKECTION trlsaih la the plains BlcUy.Hefuneral ol tha fornur were mide a lecret of toSolferlno.as it irlU soan.wehope,Mr '^i^Y- was read. Vor soTne'^r«5<IB,ari5iaat/a<scanUFrance ha hehladhandt Will rraaee forget what naui has landed In Sicilyor in The Ula- Italy.rangement with Satrrs, I will state what I am wUl- ing to do.Deatk af Tkeadare Favkev.and attacks of Garibaldi, who unprovokedillegalcalled upon Italy to drive the Pope out of Rome.him that my backer and 1 were out of town un' goingcountry TheBaoaaBAH having been formally Intr-idnced by the arrived there, followed by two Neapolitan friga es,which did not fire while the landing was going on. everybody has had his say on every con- ciety—Democracyamazingly Southern Rights Democratic organsthe Governmentwi'hI refer to tue insurrection In Greece. WeMr. HxxtrAB had defeated meto tbe dated BatonEngland in 1688. [Hear, hear.] Ue not only re-The t>e8t thing written on the other side of the At- "troopsillegal, contraryto the laws In thiscaonn i.e ai oosslble. A lewand graph, as we fonnd out during the late war, la thefor Italy ItseUT Hay she not now lanew tie snb- greatest of modem liars. Consequently we do not should have a " belt apiece," to be gotten up by pub- appears In the London pspers^ FOI.ITICAI..MINOK INDICATIONS.AP.Belgiam,faiat Wlieii garenuaents cannot act, itto ProfessorNxwhab,dated 1880, Fiofcace, Hay 11,A snb- scrlrUoB is opened at the office of the Opinum N»-hehavei iOdHldnals to take the tnitlative.Yet therepolitan troops are disheartened or th« "rebels' that be not agreed to, I will accept the proposition lately full or vigor. I saw him about three bouta"Under tbe caption of whietlisg thea back" theFRXZE-FXOBT ASJTTSTItmNT. tion wi&printers add 305£ 90c A. M. Ronua Bsssaan senJs in ibisOcMTal and MiMselUmoas Kews. The sails of the steunship ^rcita, bringingI am one. Many proceeds to enumerate the delegates (roasSBa Free Ameilcans here are expreaatng their wish to appear States upon whom tha South ootud rely in eaae barreturned to the After delegates Convention. .glvtacthe list It says: "We invite tbe atteatfoo of everySOOf.,a to abeeause nothtng that we have then head subscription provide new half to his, tions for his to fiveto which its editorial staff andOBe-hsl) and Batrbs to keep Uie other half. I will away unconsciously to himself. He left writtan direc- Charleston bolters. It styles the atgwsn "apocQcctheto join GAarBAisi. will ycu, then. Inform me through of Tuscany, the Dake of Modana and the rest of the your Journal, of which I am a reader, whether aFaubourgto resist thehave been more or lessof the strong, the cruel and the flagitious.sense, WasBiHaToii was a rebel, and Cbomwrll a rob- til Satuiday. 1 visited Tunbridge on Wednesday,and returned to the caino after having as-certained the direction in which the royal troops of England fiotrked around him. t** Hear, "hear," pionsMp," was undoubtedly your article on muscular- sett'e the dispute as to who Is entitled to the beltGarisalbiTrapaai,were posted. The point for landing had been kept aiid "No."'] That filiitiu'rterlng was successful, ity, copied Into the London Tunts, On this side, the ''as the termsuponwhich he will be to wiltingto his friend disiss Parliament.two —Democratic candidates, one to securesecret i It was, however, known to all the leaders of [Hfar, Hear.] These are cases In which It Is not article in the Saturday Revitw, on Ton Satsrs' first his London filends not to send down my letter toijiesaovementin the Island, and during the Eight the suffcient to say that Garibaldi Is a man fighting buttering letter to the "leading" journal, is imuieas- Sell's Ltfe, demanding Satirs to name aplace for tbelatter arrived at the camp to come to an un terstaud- agkinst a sovereign whon he ought to respect, or that nrably the best thior which has appeared, and is a next fignt, for they said its publication would be aing as to the clans to be ado^ied. On the fullo*ing the Pope isendeaveri'-g to maintain h'S authority by master-piece of good-natured ridicule. It affe:;ts to signal for the arrests. But Mr. Wilkis sent It down,uay the old bands who had taken part In the last re- unlavi fill expedients. It is not enough to say these take the letter of Ton, who Is a very illiterate, and you will see it Is out to-day. No arrests haveToll eflected their junction wiih the expeditionary i things In a glib and fluent manner. These questions though a modeit and weil-t>ehaved fellow, as a been made yet, however. If Satsrs does not answerourps, and it was decided thi>t at daybreak on the whether taken as questions of law, or politics, or mor- genuine production, emanating from Ton's own it light, I will take a still more decided step. He isPentisylvania a sinelc vote. This, the iferrury claims, would breakisifa they slioalu commence their movement. Tue > als,requiremuch examination before yon can affix '' knowledge-box, " and penned by his own sot In town how, but Mr. W. has had htm sent forcider of march agreed on was executed with great tlTher moral blame or moral p'-aise to those who are "bricklaying mawley," or " bunch of fires." 1 through Mr. DcwLiiie, and he will be here on Man-|proaptltuae, and iiom that moment tae insarrccion > engaged in them. 1 cert ilnly would not p'.edge the am now in a positton to inform you positively day. I intend then to say thAt I wIU consent that we west on Increasing. The commandant of the royal Goverrment to undertake a prosecutlo.i Iii this case. that the men will fight no more. Whether lake a new belt apiece, and leave the old one to be troops having been informed from nour to hour of Whenever we find th"t the plain law is openly out- E. T. SiUTB, or any other enterprising maniger, fought for. Or I will consent that tbe present belt what was passing, saw that he must not divide his raged, it is our duty, undoubtedly, to see that it is en- will get hold of them, I cannot say, but be struck In two with an axe, and Mr. WiLXxa force ; he accordingly evacuated Trapani. the chief forced. That has been done frequently in cases of ttey intend to go on a spaning toor together for America, s'nall hand me my balf,and Mr. Dqwuno town of the province of that name, as well as all toe bieafh of the Foreign Enllatmcni act, but even as to through the country, and have shaken hands warmly. f ha:l hand Satbrs his. Mr. W. will then nead a sut>- Intermediate points, and concentrated himseif tiiat statu'e we have found consideratile difficulties in Two belts are to be manufactured. Satxrs retains sciiption to fill up Saiirs' other half, and 1 suppose at Paleimo, which he now occupies. The expedi- the way of our canying it Into effect. 1 will not bind bis three years' champlonshlD, and Hxebah has to Mr. D. will do the same for mine. 'This will piooa- tionary corps on \X£ -Ide arrived at Morrlale, a large mysellby a general declara'Jon of what is the com- open the requisite campaign for his by a tilt with the bly keep up the good feeling, If it can be broughtthe populatlOB. Such a propoitlon the nelgliOoringStates have, that are not called upon to conquer theirindependence. With such an army, Italy wiU haveno more need of foreign masters who, under the pre.fence of liberating her, coosume her little by little :but in whatever place Ita lans are found who fightagainst oppressors, there it Is necessary to stir up theardent and provide them with whatever is necessaryfor their journey,—that it is not only neceiisary to as-sist the Sicilian Insurrection in Sicily, but wherever Commltlee, will return to tlie Conventlou at Rich- e?se there are enemies to fight.know whetlierlfonr "filUbustcrsOar dear suf-worse than nothingl.tOOf. M. PiTiT, a discharged sergeant of the heard Is TCUable. At Turin no tidings have been liad andbe funeral, Umlttng penmas tbe at- of all faction, dtsorganlzslion and afllcMaa^ aadallowed then I from sources) are me,,-way Zouaves, contributes lOOf., with the following re- of tlM expedition. What comes from a Neapolitan on both sides.„May It, I8M.St. Germain enlists under the banner of LAnoticisai, it is only just and logical that;thought rightby nls in-markable letter:Boarec of information. There is .. .„. is, eotuse, decpeticEngUsiilata liattieMuch request to be allowed to go out to GsimiLM would family party, equally liope get deplore that has occurred dlsas- ^ tfcmn from Uverpool ob Ow same diy, reached be ravorab!; received by the Emperor's GoTemmentt their subjects, armed as the latter arc with the terri- agree to run him a foot-race from 100 yards to five Paikxb to-day. Mrs. rABxax, Ub poosr gentle wife, tious as we would esteem it, were It approved bv- the In other words, may I serve under OAStaiLDi, with the ble same of Garualdi, tha sooner the while lot melt miles for tbe stakes and belt, or I will wrestle with has hitherto borne ap well. Miss SrsvaaaoB, who has people, calamitous as would be, to our mlsd, a ai»- ftt»tetlj9»t»titj. him for the belt, or I will row with him for the belt, so long lesided with them, was alao with him to the ruption of the great national party of this glorious bence Majr 5, ar- pennission of toe French Government, In like manner tieir plate, put on wigs, an! tepair>-i i.r l-olass car- I will swim a mile with him for the belt, or last She thinks, from th« necuUar tandcmess of bis Union, we really arc In doubt whether all these dlra-^9 BKjMt-*, from Southamptonpropositionson the ]6th« andand appliances '.>Ae Ittk—the same day os which the TaHdtTbUt ar- An ex-non- commissioned officer of the First Regi- same such locality, t'>- ^e.tar a; all parUes con- offers will not do, I will agree In two months to be two Tbzobobb Pabbbbs, one here, aad one planud in sional appeal of tbe ignoble eighteen woold eounaelThe •t*«mxUpCi<y «/' Baltimore, as olterK >erve (with antherlzation) under Lahou- at**d at QaeeBitOKO at 5 o'clock on the eranlng of ciwu T Yotir acswer Is awaited by upwards of 1»,OOJHe fulor housetop with him for tha belt If all these had dreamy for some days, and talked draamingly of witness the degradation and abasement the eongrac-itrad at Sootbajopton. The latter steamer also B«lled ment of Zouaves, commanded by Lahovicisai, PETl r, ei-8ergeani, Rue Moreau.:Natlaaal Demo- comments on themen, who are ready to start witti me.conveyanceseeincd. Batther<t q^tioj.i, when and where ready to fight the four best men that can be produced Boston, who would finish his work perliapsIn the House) Commons on the 17(h Ins:.,Mr-plain)Italy TearaiagThcadare Parker—Hia laat Hanseata.iknow Iam not afraid todie, thoughLordJobsRdssillstatedthatareporthadtieenre-ceived from Capt Maribxe, the officer commanding baldi could not be construed into a violation ofthe two ships at Marsala, where there were many international law, has l>een condemned as ut-English residents and much Erglish property. Capi, terly absurd. Of course it is; but what then? A Hribab, of motllating the belt, I laugh to scorn, and yield to the sacrifice of the separate existence of thisLord BaouoHAH was on the ISth of May installed asSkaneellor of Edlnburg University. There was aOTOwded attendance at the Music Hall, many hun-dreds being unable to obtain admission. L^rd Mabisex stated that two steamers with Garibaldi could afford to treat it with the contempt it merits,Solicitor General to the Principal, Sir David Basw- He also stated that he declined a request en the part ceivable side of this many cornered question. tion.ana, took the chair amidat great cheering. Lord of the Neapolitan coinmaader to take possession The subject of Irish recruiting for the Pope has been The belt, Sir, I have fought hard to obtain—striving bad always enjoyed, afterwards not only consented, tion of appointlDg delegaUs to the Seceders' Conven-tion, or of approving of that Conventioc la any man-BaecOHAM then delivered his Inaugural address. of one of the steamers which was abandoned. for that prize I have wi'hin the last three years de- but warmly approved of the project of fusion. When;The Chair of Modem History at Cambridge, va- When requested, he at once called hts offiser^ from forced upon the Government, and, no w that the mis- feated some of the best men of my country and, so a of the Peninsula shall be unitedner." Theand urges tbe Democr"acy of the State not to be soldcant by the deatn of Sir Jahxs Sriruu, bu been the town, and although he did not directly contra- chief is done, a proclamation liaa been Issued, The without Intending to cast the slightest slur on my large portionVikig appeals against this Indifference,sued by the appointment of Kev. Cbaslss Kixoslit. THE SICILIAN INeSUKU£CriON.THE LANDING OF GARIBALDI.f;allaut from was CO reason to suopoie that he had exceeded against overt acts of sympathy for Garibaldi. We oiclgnerother land, however and floweryatraitorto theheartie s and disreputable demagogue," aa their own party papers style him.of tKe London Times, nsder date of May 12, announces the arrival on that moralng of Her Majesty's steamer Intrepid, from Mar-I would auggest that thewhomthatpaperThe Maltacorrespondentthe authorities.lions be solicited in the name of the King of Naples. Every one will know what It means when they see''.jianysunny, shall bear It, or the buckle of It, from Olda LaSouth, gambler politics, adiet the report, of wliich he was not aware, thSre very arguments that I mentioned have been addressedout for the benefit ofbis duty. WithLord Jobs Rdssxll saidcase of snccessful prosecution in resoect of persons for Sicilian Isdapendence. A public meeting, I re- fending iU I am as ready as Mr. Hxeitab to fightrespect :to the other question. I do not rememoer anyshall, nevertheless, continue to subscribe to a fund peat, will shortly tie held for ttiis purpose, in spite ofEngland, while my arm and heart are capaole of de-who had been subscribing for the purpose of main. tsiuing insurrections or wars in Poland or o.her coun-again, ana repudiate with indignation the insinuation that I am not. In a very short time tbe Champion'sstranger"There is one country in regard to which I my-Belt will be mine by inoefcasable righttries.self was concerned, together;many distinguishedHe would have to de as I have done—meeteditor, Rouge, May 90, says: " There Is a pretty movement In reference tomlldonnth of a baiul of 2.0«0 Italians, under Gaxibaldi, who of a Cccmiittee which met at L-^rd Fitzwilliah's is with Garibaldi, as hts right-hand snd ^ef aide-de- fore he would become the lawful possessnr of the parts of the country are wanting at present, but moreofis Itoped, hold their grow-l. I" Hear," and laughter,: and certainly I never sufferea steamers of the expcditibn at Marsala. TUs has been but I will do him the justice he appears Ueilrous persuaded, they becoming persuaded, These Italians had so sooner landeJ than three any imprisonment in conseq'ience of my connection denied, I doubt if the commanders of the Neapolitan of denying me, by admitting his equality in valor. there is no other way to win or maintain their liber-Neapolitan steamers of war, and another private ves- with those proceedings, tllear, hear.] Therefore the steamers were very anxious to stop the landing. It To run, swim, or wrestle for the belt of the prize ties but to unite their forces on a large scale, and questionofcommonlawdoesnotappeartobequite risgisachallengesoeminentlyabsurdthatonecan fightforthemselves. Foreignaidcomesnotsomuch sel chartered by Government, proceeded, without solved yet, and it requires much consideration before has been said that the English captain's boats were hardly Imagine it emanates from a sane man, and from sincere love of their cause as from topersons.sala, with intelligence of the landing thereat on the Ciirried on our proceedings openly. I was a member the names appended to it. I was right—everyas-;Ianother State Cocvegnetnelraanl Inon the 0th of June next at DonalsonviUe. Many par- Ufaes have already called their meetings to send dele- gates, and the Convention will be very well attended. There Is considerable reaction In favor of Docolas in this State, and If he Is nominated at Baltimore, will cany It by a large majoilty. I prav that his friends who stood by him at Charleston will continue firm andunflinchutg,aftertbecorruptandrecklessmeans which have been used to defeat him. If one ahall flinch or vary, he will deserve to be la^ed naked out of the Convention."The friends of Batis are not JudgeLiiicoLS and Haxub a if hearty support,era to Calata FimI and Alcomo, ' house, in Grosvenorfquare, wid afterwards we went camp. There l»s been a rumor that a British Naval trophy. What,then, becomes of the assertion madeand more such obstacles are inato a public meeting in the city. I did not find at that in Mr. Hxxhab's letter, that the belt is equally removed. The people of the country must become where tite Insurgents are concentrated, and will, It time there was any great zeal for prosecuting us. captain had prevented the deetrucMon of the two owned by both of us f 'There is no such eq'iailty and are thatcan feel warranted in passing and repassing In the Une of the fire. Be this the evidence of aberration of mind Is greatly s:reneth- interfering.opposition France will fight Austria In Italy-any previous notice or warning whatsoever, to bom-bard the unarmed and defenceless town of Marsala, But, after all, there is much difference of opiulon as it may, the Neapoiitan war-steamers opened their ened by the propoaal to jump off a house-top. Theand when the Intrepid left to communicate the fact 1 upon these points. Some say, " What a wicked firs too late, and commenced to bombard Marsala same proposition was once made bv a lunatic, who to-day, and perhaps cooperate with her to-morrow InIt is to assist In waging war against the King ofafter the expedition had landed. There is a great" Letsaid the mad the patient, seizinglikelytbe 0|dal0BBthe Two Sicilies, and In exciting Insurrection againstasylum.ui,"assistthe ThatIsacrioj';indeed." Butwhen ablewIne-tradethere,sincewlieathenumberofin- Pope.1 have de- about, but if Satxrs will not do it, then I shall come scribed in a former letter. This battle has to come cut and offer to run him 100 yards, or one mite, or five Mr. Magdirx defended the Govcnment of the Pope, off within six months. If HxsifAx prove victorious miles, for the stakes and belt, or I will wrestle him forAfter some further discussion theTBE IMTlMATIOKS OF TBI FF.ESS-that should he lick all I shall not feel comers,can produce in with Tou Eiigland, beginningFroTTi tk€ JjOndon Ttmes,Garibaldi has, during the late eveoLs in Italy, dis-once by a representative of the American stem of not get it for me or get me toward it, why I shall the Anglo-Saxon race. have to come home, unless they put me in prison forThe matter Is now settled, and I presume, speaking out so oold."LOHD FALMIB8T0N' ON THX FIOBT.In the House of Commons, on the 17th ult., LordTiie Utica Telegraph says that Mr. Sewari>passed through that city oc Monday «» route lor Washington. Some one asked him what he wouldThe same journal says, a telegraphic dispatch hasasnoucced that 5,0C0 men had embarKed at Genoa forthecoastofItaly, Areportis currenttnatthosetroops have landed In the Bay of Sen Mefano, nenr pcpuiar estimation belonged to the late Sir Cuarlxs both sidles. OrbitelLo, ascuall town In Tuscany, un the frontier Jambs Nafixr. Biave as his sword, dashing, ad'/eii-played traits of character similar to thoie which inwhen the excitement has died away, that mutual good-willwillresumeItsexistenceandfunctionsonOur admiration for the and cour- fidelitysay In Washington as to the probahJe result of the "yetinipractica'Dle by those in authority. Since the con- clusion of tke war he has, it appears, not risen in the favor of the King or his Ministers. His personal popu- lailty among the Italians is great, but this is theand Gr£bi.kt asserted thatmore tlianLrecoLB must receive 70,000.'' A Republican suggested that LwcoLs's lanre majority would rest upon a basiseJothes, all aimed with muskets and bayonets. Every where he Is opposed by a Government candidate. bliious to see repeated. Whenoae around seemcr* favorable to them. We at once Between the General and Count Cavour an unfriend- Mill on the Floss I say with a sigh, putting it down personslore Is patiioiic greatestasked what was the matter, and were told that it was a case of ' Viva Italia,' and Garibaldi had landed. We immediately tr>uk a walk round the town, andly fecling'seeras to have long existed. On the whole, with a feeling of puzzled lawltude and mental seelt- plundering,seeking and committingin command, a fine-looking fellow, toll us we couldIsuccessfultherefore returned to the mole, for the piirinise oftrifling, for sea, andshipchargemit no bi each of ti.e peacegetting on board, and met more fo!'li<*r8 comingIn. Ai the mole gate we were again stopped,and there detained until a pass from the General v, as;or heIsreallyto begot readyand that more would soon fol- low—the only thing they wlched for being that they mightmeettheNeapolitans. Theyallappearedfine athletic fellows—just the sort to make short work of aEnglishmenInmight Champagneaggressivectntratingthrown into thetown,'I;!Idinners atSouthampton,or thedisk of maccaioul.elaee under the nose of the Neapolitans, who, withwao of aNearlyTncylanded from two steamers,1 do not see thatpersonsis a of the Macon,island's history.a better Gov- island from thepostageE"°P*'I do not thinkto the morals ofofAt the same the morion is one time,shall not,Im-the force coUoct- troopsunder control.If Naples,witness aare morewe could eittier givetlie case,assembletobreach of the peace than persons who go to witness bailocn ascent. [Laughter.] They go to see asubject dropped.theyaggrieved at the cbampionship being held for SarRBS, at Inteivals of thirty days apart. If this doesfraeted from a private letter" While on shore to^lay, tbout 8:30 or 3 o'clock in result merely of his military reputation. As a want to know why they are selected to be painted. Ihear, hear) in which the notiie Lord hat iiiaulged.as substantialopinion.:;The MiU on the Floss is of tbe Charlotte and He has attacked this railway company for having the afternoon, we entered a cxfi. In a few minutes politician he is so li-.tie esteemed that we are Emily 2,000 or 3,000 ruffians, and launchedseveral fellows entered—some In red, others In plaia told he is likely to be defeated in any election in I'a and Is which I, for am not am- them in a moment upon a quiet nelghb.jroood. One way itself, one,»e:e a set of banaitti Ilaughter] robbing andmur-in the Rochester I'nion calling attention to theernmentto attempt It. After the soldiers, were safe on sult. The worst feature about it is that, whatever fair Lmportation of the science and intellect of this fdiogLhtC, hanrdm, ttohat over, tahneyd arsetuortnhe thoatvhionsgeorseparate thetoroairland, we would gladly do it But this insurrec- tual sailing. Vou may now expect ere lung to see tion is, we fear, not destined to any prosperous re- the Great Eastern enter your waters in style, with ahowever, itaffordstheFrenchandAustrianGovem- country,inreturnfortheloanofHrihab. anybody;kcm tha NeaDoUtans closed in and fired on the town, happens, for What t)e was rich the other persons who engage in those fights, I cmsiUer the , «r latbar ata fisw stniggleri on the mole, a mere waste neots another pretext interposing. may Lord Palbibstos " night when he dasger to ttiose who up In a balloou is mucathe lS?JsS£f*fSp:'at af powder, for many uf the shou Itll short aud thise the views of the former Power can hardly be yet said tliat it was part of the unwritten law of Eng-goanda I greater. [Hear, hear, laugh.] Therefore,"«aitk ttat the enemy had passed over. There is no will, no doubt, increase the aifficnitlee which threaten Day. I begin totliisk that Pam" is part of the un-'?jgo g„ju,j„ ,^ prlndples can be seen catholic spliU wlU prevsU at Baltimore.much hesitation,deemitg discretion ue better part of valor.' At this there. In tbe political world a decisive crisis ii con- Piince ALBXRi, (a kind of military menial t[hCehreefrosr.e],who,however,displayedseems to the approaching insurrection apprehendexampleevidently moment, m we weze in the act of leaving for Malta, aare owning on the town, but thehadrefuse toTHE PAPAL ENLISTMENTS IN IRELAND.ica;and I, as an Englishman, declare for one, from to-day, tofightin succession the fojr oest menwho follows the Pilncs about with paper] appointedof aIntelligence has been received here M the com- iBOLiB. There is a certain Gen. Alvrs, who has asidered InevltabK' In the Kingdom of tbe two Sicilies.a room capable of the Con- accoaunodadagTHE MaZZINITo the Eiitar of the London Daily News :Sir: A proclamation, signed " Giuswpz MAssnn," aafl urging the SicHlans to insurrection in the nameTHE PRIZE FIGHT AND THE RESULT.LETTIIB or 8ATI>8 ABD HZDIAJ!—TESIIS OT AD- punishable by fine and imprisonment, for any subjectdefeat,.^''^'-w'o;r^k,s*^u^pJo,nl Jaeat the batdinianFuehTl^h^Jie I^rroaches1^ =LT^.. ^ilv were helore KOB,anda raan of ad-ieartSieliian movement and thevored by every him ia aa oOoialto,person,vaaced who was private Secrotaiv toJxrrxa- years,cause of Italian unity but ;any one htm knowingirav.guaiaotecd bythe of ore or benefit, presence and,further, that ifWhile his ar«y ofthe basethus Increased whosellIndepmieDce and hand In thai fiocument. At 1 am now authorised to by the data recently by gentlemaaattemptanyhire, retain, en-that he should suoport Abrahaii pay,thePope caUoBmeeting his 1^-me paper.this statement in Bell's In view of the leatimCBts of that letter, ei'gsge to euUst or serve, or be as an is losing someand should be true to ItsraluahleOzroEV, May 17.nsa on otheiropportunitytoescapefrom a serviceby supportingtheChicagoI am, As.,nonwho w af;hnomination.subscrip-and even if it would not be his.most prominent Democrats in Louisiana," ia a letterSime^.tae part of Satxbs, ana did what he could by letUra or embarit from any af Bar Hajcotjrs damlaloiw, for " «a•e=jUieyaavei^;e.U og„^ patriotism esHigh-afearibaMt-IrlahBaeraU* swer, untilSaturday,tiowever,itwasimpossible tered,engaged,aremployad,wkethvaa;^tltatias; .'*';"-" »^v.TaaoaeaaFAam:l»a)t:-placa!—Tha Vpahat af tha PrlBe-Plglst—Ta- lictlaa.Cerr*9Cii4<me c/lke JVcKvTkrt: TSaua.:L«m«>, Saturday, May 19, ISfiO,for him to ascerl.'lD. wia certainty, even in what part money, pay, or reward shall hare baait,oriball be.of England Satbrb then was, and finally, through the actually given or rcceired or not, sack parson or pe r- failure ot such efforts, I received information from tbe tons are to be deemed af rnhdesaeatna.'. pr.' i111! )-::!i.,tae Swiss Cemetery, ooMdaof tha > he ceremony of bonn'wiaaaThe new novel of Gxoxei Eiuet (Ad*m Bede) has LoBAiBR, upon a motion for the publication of cor-it is read.age of this noble man Is every day increased. It iselection in this State." I will put Liscolbs m^ority at 70,000," said he. That's 'oietty high." sail simewell written, which come will dispute,— 1 mean inchoice of story, characters, and a view of hu- generalin this State If noiDioated.andIt is not strsnge that Gabibaldi should seek a new sess—«ut bono ! I suppose the author and publisher oerlng persons, burning houses,field for the display of his energies, nor strange thathimcan answer ?On the 9th of June It is expected that the Greatevery actfight betweenany of enmity, is peace, and,the Saidlnlan Governmentpersons, thoughfighthigfromprinciples,his longest and best speeches he nukea no mention olindividiials. It is therefoie unjust to desigaaie as noticeable" his omission to name Mr. Libcolh.Mr. LovyjOT, of Illinois, the notable nltraist, will have strong competition for the renomlnttion from Mr. Wallacb of Ottawa, a strong peisonsl friendof LiBcoLB's, and a conservative of the SepabUeanshould beVRBted to go out towards the country, but the officer go. Garibaldi sees in the Sicilian Insurrection the Emstem iteamship will leave for America, aud I hopefound the soldiers had We (patriots) possession.glad to letchance of increased renown. Count no bear with her the Cavcck, she mayfeealibnrgeach ot the is an act waich being peace, ciearlyis to But the persons wno go to subject prosecution.those places, though they may be tectinicaliy open to aof bleach of the are harmless and com- peace,they sUy io iking at «'nt which are exhibitions of manly courage,ol the character of the iieuple of thisthe of Gabisaldi, will be presence an^ leadershipaews ofitoubt, thinks that Sicily Is much more suited for his revolutiOB. Since the big ship hss been under theIf he c innot. he willfree Sici'v, well and goodeii.ier not come back at all,faltrn in repute as to be no longer dangerous. So other side of the Leviathan he is allowed to go on tils forlorn hope theofWe were Informed that two thousand had been fortunes. Nothing would afford more pleasure or would send a chip to sea. He wanteJ herprocuredforus. Onthemolewemetfreshtroops,who had disembarked with arms, ammunition, <^c. with any whom he can persuade to follow his Campbxll never looked like a man wImi couldthan the freedom of the fine island Its shorthave a continued of supply portit astypeunder and rather It uo asmovement on the part of the (oioiers is evlden'Jy expected belore long, as there is considerable activity in recruiting and con- forces in the region between Perugia and all tie Sardinian troops, which, for suiae time, have been in garilson here in Florence, moved off a few nights back towards the borders oftowhich is now being drenched with blood. connection with England, In the days of L'rtl Wil- LiAu Be»ti»cb, is looked back to both by Sicilians and our own countrymen as an oasis in the waste of thethat heSome Pope'swill comebackso this monster of the astonlshlrigon thewithout passes,;interest increaseswitheverynew taken. Our stepcertaintyport,in htm.marinebeing Sisappoluted.It was only the otbtr day aMr. Wallacb Is an ableJudge Dickbt, aa lafloential Claymay upon busineee and something like punc-gulltvwimuut dangerbut the state of the Neapolitan Honarchv landwrittenlawhimself,forheis getting oldenoughandsee?/,:?„ mrer'uuWclea,erlndieatioiiato the Colonelcywith Sirprovideveatlos and representatives toexcludeallothers. ThePottceademnstheJ.Peninsular medal with eleven clasps, and who served FightlBg PjcTOR uninterruptedly during five years,who has no reg Iment or any thing else, while Girt has only served at Buckingham Palace.**Gen."Utions^so^ couldpapers, and was reproduced tbebv I have endea-that occasion wouldEd-wabo CoiKS, of Philadelphia,!5 "S"? i,^U'">BngUth Press. It is needless to say that Mazzijii is of May 7, ot the letter of 'Tov Satxbs,---*^t"«d^DT<^«stltlthe ttrv ice are Papal:be Its concluslon-'lthe school. Pre-RaphaeliteBionte type, a sort of specialty, however admirable brcugttdownthe whole Italianwhich until now has not hadPeninsula, opportunitywas not mentionedwhieh he was asxlout tovillage representuf the admirable ol the Btitish a specimen qualitiesrace. IHear, hear.] However, that is a master ofof LnrcoLJt Is JOT faction Inregardedas over the a triumphoraitsough no money, pay, reward may nave beenhis any person what- the editor of BtUs Ufi, wliether be intends to shall hire, retain, engage, or otoenre any per-at Ancoxa. and them more ttian ajour Life, employed AURELIO SAFFI. acknowledged the yroprlcty of SDCh Inquiries on my cflicer, soldier, sailor, or marine, for or under, or inWe are Oeginniag to hear of squads of thesefrom JirrsssoB,principles-part, and also of such propaccd officialrenUntitaid of, any foreign prince or potentate, or agree to goThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tledDoecumspfarther all masters of ships or vessala kaowiaglr aad wiU'agl r Now,Sir,asIamleft,asitwere"allatsea,"and stowkigonboardsttchperseaaaaafbtasaid,araliatl;letter" lic suhscilptlon, that the true were kiUedor forty, provided"fering friend, Tbbodou Parub, died yesterday even-where oIaram notmay yet quite readyhis aaaie andgraveaage nothiag lascriptlon.:mighty respOTXlMlltieareferee,not Interfere furtherpunlsbsble byScripture. seleraed byas it wss stated in BtWs yesterdaygreatnunalWlAidra- all beyond a circle af five er s X jertoss. It is understood that hfi Tot mo- mrnu were trinqull aad Us mind elear aMbaachI am wllllBg, first of all, to accept the proposition madaby a wrlterln Jl<^'< Life, that Satirs and IThe following, an extract from aprivatesome days before death tbe brain was not (ttnlar.ing.The Ogiimaitc ItationaU beads the above subscrip- driven into a comer, la fact, we know nothing, or put forth in Pww;*, vis.: to divide the belt—I to take before he died, lying calmly, while ttfe waa ehtihig New-Orlfaas DelU dlaensses (he addraa^la th*tunatt for the defenders of Italian Independence.I thinkIi neitliar af these propositions (proceeding, as theywould have found me at either of those nonecametohand.plaees,butgreat Italian State, Is clear.Isalreadyunited. ManygoodpatriotshereInTus-'good feeling may preserved tending him to the grave, of whomhave, Innocently enough, patronizedwould lose the prestige and the influence which theyopponent, I say that no American citizen, norunder one head as to be able to muster and maintaina national army of three or four hondred thousand gade, men, then it is pretty certain that the rule of theSiXFaAB A- Dodolai, a rene-Mr. Wiius was rome of urged very strongly by:Thrust once mereupontheIt respondence In tbe Home Office relative to the recentalreadygallant of the enter-one in the crowd, "hr»wdoyou figine it?" ''Wny, MicBAXL McQcADS Said 1 would certainly have 50.000I read a book like the would have Imagi.ied from his description that theseHis magnanimityisto hisequal gallantry,hisMr.Sswardto tieis the lettCeoraluatieiltyewerinttehnis by Re-publiian City:We do not consider it at all singular. Mr. Siwaanvery seldom says much about men. His speechesand wTltiogs are remarkableand theyou may expectergydeep preserve,Fat old characteristics country. IHear, hear.]most sympathies, with our mostheartfelt generoussolicitudes, are enlisted as we watch events as they succeed each other in this living drama of a nation's liberation.Int-o^^ who have steadily protestedFrenchnewof this desc:it>ed i,j*per, speaking fight.<I do not Intend to offer any objection to the mutlvii, and 1 will onlyagreeably cleverpicturesofThe models are hideous and uninteresting, and we just enter a soit of protest against that exaggeration ' Forgetliilto ravish the country—at the moment entering upon opment and of peril.period of 'devel-of [Hear, hear.] Technically, a atrocity.twoforwith little retereoce to men. 1r many ofnota breach of theof the national cnaracter—endurance andwho declared for Douolas and was Whig, In I8t£,one of the to niminatioo delegates Cliarleston. Theapatience suffering, holdingbut aside the oplLlon: settingtechnicalitle.'^ ofhimagainstThe law compelling prepaymentfortunate measuie for the 6miLcetany prize-fightoflegal nujii'>cr ofAncosa.tht Pontifical States. Tne French General Is:The position is said to be a central one, as several UilLk there should be a medium in all and roads leading along the base and over the moun-onvinall and itthingsb,ede-tains there unite. A part of the garrison at Perugiathethe noble lord.to which I cannot see any objection, anipeoplethepromoted, by exaggerationsfrom the ofiBcsrs themselves taking the lead In settiBg an to these under theiiipolitical Nominating Convenlloas into mammothThe Irish Government has IssuedIdea ofMr. Sewasd declined an invitation extended him to deliver an oration in Auburn oa the approa-:h-producethe**A!itice that, by the provisions of the Foreign Enlist-1 correspondence.;of people of all cexaa and Sndi agea.:I have sad sews to oonjnnnieate.toprboepcaormlye a memberof the Peace Society, I will cheerfully varv my Mr. CuBBiBOBAH, B BoctoB Unitarian mialstBr, will inlnaed.dlireified, andsomewhat to suit him. As the beltmay'read tbe passage. He ia a sincere friend and admirer Uemen. The f)*;(oconcludes as follows-'•daily arc left to themselves to contend with be said to be owned by both of ut, I wUl of Pabkib's. We to a cast taken of Mr. as we the secessionriages,fishiagyesterday,covered carts, hJiti, all ether si^h I will take hold of hands and jump from a masier that he knaw be waadying.coirequencesshoald not beincurred, ra&cr thenwill France a:i iTkere ue but Liberty and Despotism.England, beginningdays apart, for the belt. I was told,Aisong **accept." EnquirerLsiceiter-sqnare,with Satrrs. at intervals ofIn30could have it. I would rather fight for It than any-thought, only mystleaUy expressed.cratic Convention to The Richmondarticle lately published in the Charlestonto learn how Napolxoh can truly aid the of public feeling, to accept ot half of It. If that be great powers committed to me, and I have but half lative to the Democratic secession. It urges 4hat thaicy to favor the formation in Europe of a united, in- dependent and eonsUtatlonal Italian Emplie. There is to he a great meeting shortly in London, iato sign myself " The Champion of the World." I remain, Sir, your obedient servant,gle.Iterm. The men wiio risk life, liberty, fame, every- thing, for a principle and patriotism, are adventurers, and success alone stamps their acts with legality. The greatest and best deeds ever done In this worldbut I am willing, under the present stateUtrtmyoi denied me, and, tlirough the exceptional aotloa of the nsf d them."cause freedom, or Russia excite an in- British I be denied the of Since writing this, I have sees him so' ny, and became wreck,kowcrer, being fortunately saTed. The Leicutera flne ihlp, and op to the period of the disaster hadaade a good run from Charleston, she harlng only MoSBXU. wished to know what course Govern- GuAT, Icasnot tliink that it is the Napoleonic pol- justified—by all the equities of the late transaction— away. He ceased to breathe witbost the least strug-ENGLISH VIEWS OF THE MATTEtl. A DIECCBSIOK IN THI! HOCSK OF COMMONS.Convention. Meetings held throughoat Virginia, it asserts, show this course to be the most in of that respectable document, the wUl of Pxtzr tbx but to go home, refusing all English testimonials and devoid of terror. Tbe Iieetlc oolor remains on his accordance with the sentlraentsof the Democracy uf the State. In IU opinion there is stlU chaaeefor the adoption of a platform which will arovc acceptable to the South. The adopUen of wt Davis BasolO'suthorllies, privilegeeurrcetion, save in accordance with the iostructioiia another meeting, I shall have no other alternative peacefullylying, O,____^____ CEMTHAI. ITAJLT.th* New-Ttrk Kmss.FiOBZBCx, Monday, May 14, 1860.so subscriptions, and shall herealter leel at liberty—nay, clieek, and It Is hard to persuade oneself hehas'pasaedJOHN C. HEENAN. Saracu's Hbas Botxl, Show hju., )stakes the pointfollowing grandiloquent appealLoBDOR, May 14.7b the Editor the London Tima ofTbe laterest in Talty—!formnever wrs an eaaleT end to a life batas mounersstioctloBs.Sermon on the Mount (the blessings of Jesus) to be read over hisbut it isHe desired the elevento abidefirst veraesof the;a true his last Of course you I wished to live acd finish much work which I longed to do. I hadthe Southern secessionists from thieI have never seen death under afar Garibaldi—ThePayalAmy—Faoeralofdisruption." Hastings on Provinces are everyday becoming more and more 4oubtfulwhether the wiaEngland,"Nearly one-half of ItalyOat of nearly one hundred and sixty Counties in the State tlie Democ- racy of but fuvT have yet held meettDgs aignUying their approval of said Convention, or thai! wish to be represented in it ; and these Counties axe Northua-cany, who In thedebate In Parliament has taken place, and but that some friends of mine—of the Peace So- Province, fearing that the State and the chief city even the of RichmoodThe ridiculous goodsuggestion, patforwardby Mr.beginningwere reluctant tothe no-threeCity, althoughhalf a million to aCol. Torr pirant for the honor of wearing it lor three years be- ion, asd a perfect intelligence between the differentof her own ends.is not so bad, but It Is a dreadful to and since, tha firm of Woodbooib established a coocidar- ical man, with great presence of mind, replied, which to-day rules France should fall, what guaran-met ills medical attendant alone on the roof of thetoyouconsiderthesequestionsofInsurrectionandIn- habitantshasIncreasedfromabout1,M0to20,000 streetandjumpup."LikeTeddytheTiler,IknowItalytTheliopeofthiscountryIsinalarge,well- BywayofIntroductiontooneortwoliriefbiographiesoi'jcctInterests,biit a patriot fighting for the independence ofNaplesvictoriouf,oughttopayusan ia-Victor crous. But yet we cannot blame them. Libcolb Is Ihiircase ,;Into existence. TheEuABL'ii, knows this, and no one is betterwas of slender accountbut the question is— GoRDoa Covent who is Hutsl,of it than Gen.the first ofOf course they should, in their exuberantbear him aloft' and extol him to the full public exptctatlon.";patrioticrhetoric,1}. TBI TERMS or SITTLIMEXT.Gabibaldi,the; let us go into the tee ia there thatIf themay not again overranThat thepopulationsof the different ItalianA enough in Italy that could be spsred for a while, or I'mon,of tlieStsUes andwill come to an end. There Is material vermasestly, for such use, to form an army of fromcorrespondentWashington announcestobe oneoftheenemy.drilled army of native soldiers.whichalludes, theIftvsOar friends of theciti- Florence, published a few days since the following let'.er frommen. Organization, un-hour!iniMt Dzar Bxrtabiscene of patriotic events, I leave to you the foliowlngcharges: lo get together all the resources possibleto assist us in oiu enterprise; to endeavor to makethe Italians imdeistand that if we are properly assist-ed, Italy will be esidbllshed with smaller outlay andin a shelter time, but that they will not have dosetheir duty if they limit themselves to barren subscrip-tions. Italy free to day, in plaee of one hundredthousand soldiers must be armed with five hundred up all combinations, which cluster around Individual Ibausasd-a numl>er certainly not disproportioued to candidates for the Presidency, and ultimately secureat the head of a fewcertain thatpatriots, caring nothingprise, lie has gone to the aid of the struggling Sici-A republican, be is before that a patriotand the liceration of his comrtry is in all his tliought;.anybodytlie couldget 20.0001,thereforeof self, he is faithful to th.it single idea. Although the King sells his birthplace to a foreign State, he is uue to his King so long as he knows thatas Grzllbi'sThe Auburn Union replies as follows to a para-word the King keeps his tographfact that the name of Mr. Liscolsandof all. The Italian cause isa newThe southern portion of thenew and will strive with an en- ardor,more iieroic and hopeful, to throw off the hate'ui Bourbonvoke. TuemomentIsagreatone,andthemoved witha camp at a town called Gubblo, abouting twentymiles to the north uf Perugia. More than two thou-sasd are now there, and it is that the troops expe,rtedforce will be increased to seven or eight thousand.Ga., Committee. Col. A. R.La"to.i is theHe thatwere that aU thaglven^ In bystanderstood aProbva^bilcyepresnmj^erectingcratle Convention.people.form-"ttheir brutal mastersto Insult those thev oppress. When a battalion was erative action of anv kind. It would ba far better loToa Convention at Baltimore has in itshaada Ibedea- ttnles of the party, and, we fear, of the UnlOB Itaelf.tieil-and, Noithampton, Hanover and Goochland. Notaie published he:e, have budged an Inch in tiie direc-itChicago Press are particularly jubUant over the Dom- ination of Abiiam LiifcoLB for President. Sjme of their rhaosodles are quite amusing and indeed ludi-the election of a candidate favorable to the South.A meeting held in Galveston, Texas, on the evening of Saturday, the 19th, sustained the princi- ples enunciated in the Southern Platform presented at the Charleston Convention, and passed resolutions approving the course of the Texas delegates ia with- drawing. These acting on the advice aadLincoln school. a son-in-law oflawyer,and"'«r ••would rather, "!chm e Kibe-Ll'^ t(nhingmass-meetingsvast assemblages, it thinks, are unfiavotabla to delib-as to that date, be had commencedfortyLouisiana,to assembledC onionThe Eruionrgive organ genthe dlecusslon ofent www.fultonhistory.com 