 III Ii!tI Zt^BrmdonvkTim«othy Dosorma.* " *ItisthusdifficulttoseehowtheDemocracyistoex-•: f15Nonh-'Jtfver,at6o'clockyesterdayafternoon,for 1lotadjoining,25x1'2.2....Albany/©en>g the first boat of the season. 1 lot adioinine, 25xlP2 2... 1 lot adjoining, 25x102.2.» . — - 1 lot adjoining. 25x102.2. 1 lot adjoining, 25x102.2Tane'Mi'KDXR ox THE FRIGA TT BRCJOXLYX.—Yes- 1 lot adjoining. 25x102 2 lerdayafteTnoon Officer Murray, of the First Precinct, 1 let adjoining*25x102.2...March7 ...March 10 New-York....Liverpool.... ....March 1*•I-ftcitfc at s>16U8; tlmj. 9 month*;: fwtie., Bartlett Smtth ind I^ri*. Orson Jenks. West Turin..S. C. Thompson. Aod»w franbut. There won atx bids, andth«higherwa. Montague J.M.Gardner.> ' • • ' ! • : . .*• * iv;i-a fruitlefls one—the evidence, as it is there claimed,chapter 7, same Revised Ordinances, is applicable to the Bureau Every ordinance and resolution ofthe Common Council ofthe duty, with no reaaou to suspeot but that it waa/ a legitimate transacUon until alter his arreat. Buffalo Bill is ostt of the way. The others ore held for a hearing, j.- . . •^ £ % . V -B y•T e|««rapl».•were compelled to stand through the meeting. The mon whitewood one, stained; they were in the habit of closing under this and the laBt Administration, makingthe graces to satisfy the feelings of the famines,-but if they leave their very name a stench in the nostrils of common The Controller ehall superintend all the real estate of the Cor: new batteries were placed in the office of the Deputy Schr. Diadem, Black, Providence 2 days, in ballast.,*mTurners have invited the Common Council to appoint a day and name some place at which they may give a public exhibition of their life-saving apparatus.IIHISTORICAL SOCIITT.—The regular monthly meet-piece from the coffin and lduxd it to be whitewood.John Falkner teitified that he resides at No. 253 Newark ave- nue, and was acquainted with Mr. Yost and Mr. Hop*; he pur-BROOKLYN ITEMS. ballast. J^ Schr. Horace B..Ben. Pattangnfl, Arroyo, P. R., 11 days, sugar#t8' ,.„. .*.- jyrifrfwM*-'T«.»w iy,-•' - • -•---*rt.v*»r'NE^^RKmi&Y••*" MtWtft^g^HPtsH'oTisione of such <ttdtoan$e» aforesaid •ball beconrirael so an* 1 % hi*; attemptB O L L ' S HKAD.—Tbe number of cattle reported yea-fc>l*ftoiim«..••oui»ld« of the saloon. Ar person seiecd Gaffney brtbe throat »w held hira fast while ^eety and th* others tore tbe^ooveted poci et from bit co<. a n i j Vcprtl with the plunder. Caffney suc- ceeded: m a*teir»* Anderson, and, giving the alarm, offio*'« *&*MRV HOARD'S RESOLUTION^ From a Special Correspondent. _• . \ta'beep them out of the Convention. The Slave-the (lames could be subdued damage was done to the amount of about $§p0« The building w«« insured for $600 in the UnitedStates Insurance Company, New-York, It was owned by Mi- chael Hannan.KINGS COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT.—NOS. 17 22, 23 24, 25, 26,11, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 3i, 35 36,37, 38, 39, 40, 4J.•••—i••i — ••• —»FEX>.TROTTER—At Harlem, on Tuesday, March 6,1860. of conges- tion of the brain, Frank Warren, son of Jonathan T. and Esther M. Trotter, a«ed 1 year and 6 days. "..Funeral on Thursday, at 2 p.m., without farther Invitation.arreslied^William Anderson, a sailor, on suspicion offcciBg- implicated in the murder of George Bitter, onF A T A I. FAI-I..—Last evening, Mra. Scullyj- while affair,'whom, it was stated, was to receive tho ap hanging clothes upon the roof of the bnil-Jing No. 107Greei- pointment of TJ. S. Marshal as the consideration forIRRErRESSIDLECONFLICT."g^'May*"* *•*»''»»•*.'•• •«'.'••'* -bills amounting, to *73, which \,e rcpi««d"in his Inside coat y e t ^ ^ p &e QrmA Jwy to-day, *»1**^ ia wgard pocket. On taking his.depext-„Te from the cay and festive «««neThese b%ye received the approval of all the Democraticnumber of. and filing the compensation of the officers, clorks,the WOTJ* of an incendiary.At 5 o'clock on;«ond»yreyeniu|' a fire broke oat in the three-THE ]SEW-T<( ^••••nilii i .„Tsne NKW-VORH J0 PUBLISHED EVERY(SUWDATI! BT HORACE ( j/r TOT rsxBVjni Btrrtnrxoa, sTRKjrrs. OPFORIjksJ delivered to City Subscrib iobeeribers, $ 6 per srraum, in i9BJB JHEW-rORK TS A VERY LARGE PAPT Xa published every SATUHD.** I ^•r annum, in advance; Three * t)8; Ten Copies for * 12; Tw<"saqr larger number at the rat* of Cofies to address «f each sub* fee rateaf$ 120each.) *24. > twenty or more; win be eatiil*' aaay eommence at any time-Advertisements in T « W W LAR PER LINE for aacb irwerU w b n ^ d every Trr*an*T *r J^^M; TwoCopiesfor *iTSOS WRW-Vv rO*X E U R O P E A ' 1Mpfjbnobed on the departure o<M«i, at *5 per annum, postal Ce»t«. ~ T H E P H E W - V OTOB. CALIFORNIA, OREGJ JSL^ Is pabliahed on the departure ofwall, at $ I 50 per annnm. Sir t>%?zr*ai Mr, LengwoTth sendHt<potentiary of the United State* cases of his SPARKLING CAT tbat his Excellency will accept ethers over to his wine merch«£ tbat he cannot reconcile the doci of the United States with tho« therefore " declines to receive rJAs public sentiment seero* U thoonlywaytosettlethematt- " For richest a-*. Is the wine oT 5Tbai grows by thr uWhose iw«tt tFills s l i t h e r s With a benison onC , For sale by all respectable *r utera»j-atBall'sHead-w&eabout2,600,whichwadfoil BwiittiR-.re^of tbo%Ub P^cinct gavechaseto »| other bifh^aymen. After dodging through various • « « « * > , » ?Should the threatened rupture take place, the Re- T H E T R I B U N E ha9 probably published, ere t h i v publicans woulxl be able to nominate whomsoever tiey the resolution offered in the House tod&y, toy Tfitv please, and have an easy time in the canvass. We*s Many as w e in tbe yards last Tuesday, but the average quality "wasvexy MWCK below last -week, and owing to a. great scarcity-of aacb fat bullocks as our beatrefafl baicbeffi require, the fries of that quality was ad-vanced equal to naif a -cent a pound. Some of thefeeyen declared the advance equal to a whole cent, butwe ta£fe& them mistaken, for the very best drove ofcattle 4» the yards sold at only 10j£c. net a pound,which waa.jn«, half a-cent advance. The price of adup rum.io» t r o u g h one or two wdooos, the officers finally c«me ufdoortransacttons, though a little too warm for the Adrian H. Muller: »wholesale batchers, who were not disposed to operate J house* and lots, No*. I'M and TyGtKh-st., near 3d-av., to-mr. McLeod Murphy's bill to'expedite the payment>x>sTd-of tbe United States Frigate Brooklyn, sometime ago- The prisoner was detained at the Station almost instantily"killed. Her skull wan fractured, and her bodyHouse until evening, when the officer siarted with him ia a ftcry-boat for Quarantine, in order to deliver 1dm to the authorities of Richmond County. When a shortNEW-JERSEYITEMS.of Slavery and Freedom, which sensibly disturbed .the Democratic side of the Senate. When he had finished, Mr. Lawrence of Long Island rose and said that he could not sit quietly in his seat and listen to statements which were unqualifiedly false, and repeated: " Yes, Sir, I say false." Mr. Lawreuce theu went on to charge Mr. Murphy with having falsely stated that Governor Morgan had not signed the recommendation of Helperis book, but the Compendium to the 'Crisis. •Mr. Lawrence said much more, the purport of which was, that he didn't like the Helper book very well, which ia natural enough, since he and his party are inSaxoryla. Fulton Bremen Teutonia.end, so- that, as each hew piece is attached below, these me, and came to my house for that purpose several times; ho rollers, retting against the wall, make the matter of also wanted to opeu the grave again to see whether ox not thecoffin was a mahogany one.raiaing an easy task. The sections are not more than John S. Wood testified that he is superintendent at the New-examine witnesses; and with leave to report by bill or other- the public have"a look at it, eo I herewith send you itsof the cases which occurred under them. They were clusive grave, with privilege to ere:t bead-stone, etcamination of this subject. PRESIDENTIAL PROSPECTS.cerning the some prescribed by law, during such interruption or succeeding such annulment. , '0and pass, to F. Perkins.Steamer Penguin. Williams, Providence, mdse. to Isnao OdeO. BELOW—Ship Quickstep, Wade, London aud Deal Jan. 10,mdse. to Dunham it Dimon. Ship Douan, Meyer, Hamburg, mdee. to Kuuhardt k Co. Also, ship Alice.Ship Niagara (of Bath), 8tinson. from Liverpool 50 days; ship Alice (of Jbath), Murphy, from Havre 54 days; brig Iitarian (of New-Haven), Wright, from Barbadoos 16 day«^—[All by steam- tug Achillesinteresting, but are all matters of history. Besolutionsof respect for the memory of Macaulay were passed, after respgrks upon them by the Bev. Dr. Osgood.» •Hrr.nfp^jss.Y.—Last evening an election for Lieut. Col. of the 7I54 Regiment came off at the armory in CentreMr. Wakeman opened tde case for the defense, and proposed to show that the custom prevailed in nearly all the cemeteries of interring a number of bodies in one grave, and that Mr. Hope had done nothing un- usual in the matter.Testimony of Mr. Hope.—T have known Mr. Yost for three years previous to the time he came for a coffin for hi» child to be buried; be came in and said he wanted a plain mahogany coffin;Correspondenceof The N.Y . Tribune.There shall be an officer in tho Department of Finance called the Deputy-Controller, who "shall assist the Controller in his du- ties, and shall act us Controller during tho abseuco or disability of tbat offiaer. Ia ease of auy vactney in tho office of Controller, the Deputy shall fill tho office during the unexpired term.There shall bo a bureau in this Department for the collection of the revenue accruing from rents aud from interest on bonds and mortgages, and for the collection of all revenues arising from the use or sale of property belonging to or managed by the eltyj and for the performance of such other duties ai may be directed by the Common Council, the chief officer of which shall be called " the Collector of City Revenue."There ehall also be a bureau in this Department for the collec- tion of taxes, the chief officer of which shall bo called the " Re-about the 1st of May.KINGS COUNTY REPUBLICAN GENERAL COMMITTER. —The regular monthly meeting of the Kings County Republican General Committee waa held at No. 9 Court street, Brooklyn, last evening, Seth B. Cole inMarket./ CcL Vosburg occupied the chair, and nearly I asked him if he wanted it with a deed or merely with a right of burial; he said he wanted the right; 1 sold hlui what under- all the commissioned officers were present. On the takers term a plain mahogany coffin; 1 always ask persons if they want a fnll lot, deed, or right of burUl; he would have had to first baHot-iZcjor G. W . B. Tompkins was elected, he pay $ 7 for a grave with a deed, whereas he only paid # 4 ; I of- receiving 15 sates to 14 cast for Capt. A. P . Hinman of fered to go and take up tho body in order to nettle the question about the coffin; but-he refused; I n«jver offered him $100 or Co. H. ^.Tlie election took many by surprise, but any money to settle the matter; I have been in the business eight years, and have always been in the habit of burying in this seemed to give general satisfaction, as the new Lieut. manner; they do the same at St. Peter's Cemetery, and at theColonel is a well qualified oificer, and likely to prove Jersey City Cemetery.a useful member of the stair. Mr. George T. Bradley, Register for the New-York Bay Cemetery, stat«d the regulations as to the prices for graves, at prices less than $7, the Company merely give tho right of gfPwr IN Riixi'c |STRZET.—Laet night a fire broke burial; this custom prevails in ail or nearly all of the cemeteries; he bad understood that the same custom was followed in Cal- out in the frame stable No. 88 liidge street, owned by vary Cemetery, but did not know of his own knowledge that it Mrs. Vj^re and.occupied by cartmen, whose horses wa» customary in any other than the New York Bay Cemetery. y , Mr. Hope on beiug recalled testified the coffin was made ofW ASHINGTON,There is a' phase of the Presidential question, justnow uppermost here, that is animating to the Republi-cans. It looks as though the difficulties and disputesof the sham Democracy could not be harmonized atCharleston. The resolutions lately adopted by theScbirr ^ H - H a U <of Portland).—[By steamtug Huntress.the chair. The only business transacted was the neces- SAILED—Steamships Florida, Savannah; Jamestown, JSor-eovaomed, GafOtey wim?Hrpnrnd«Bt ..-nouch to display * roll of\ FROMWASHINGTON.2-eeeoe kirn proving unavailing. Justice Stanton and a Jury, at Henkle's lager-beer saloon, No. 144 Newark avenne, Jersey City, at whichtute; whereupon some Democrat moved to tableX ^ e e U b V K mToneor whU, wJwimam Nealy,_a brvtherofthe Jam** Neery conwroedin the above robbery, One of the streamers «>t»d him by the throit, and another cansht him by his arm* and held Mm. while Neely rifled his pocket* of the'r content*. The yielfl was not Rrtiat. but the tWere* inaei^ffwfth whatever It -va* "Gordon called f « h*lp,M a r k e t *Reported byTtUgrapk,grades -below the Scat, ranging >rom 7 to 9 cents a w S a ^ t a «Sffif oTSeBfebth Prectect-c^^ hi. assist:--". f * £ 5 L , tnw.k of the robber*, tbo olbcer followed th*m pound* k no higher tSian it was last week, and the sales ance. identifiedThe other prisoners, colored and otherwise, are ancient in in-. ithe Lecompton battle was at ite night, Mr. Hoard as Ias^but -net of so great a weight nor BOgood a iquity, bat *»feouaUy tender years with their more notorious-qxialiiyV" which will make the average price about the professional brothers. • < of New-York^fFered a resolution*in the House upon this subject of Executive influence and patronage, same. The vreather yesterday waa delightful for out SALES OF BEAL ESTATE.—At auction, March 6, by', which created a furor of excitement. It was bold-NKW-ORLKAWS, March 6.—COTTON—Sales to-day, 18.000bales atlOiOIlc for-middlings ssles of lost three days, 42,000 bales* re- ceipts of same time, 26,000. against 22 500 bales in correspondinjr, period last yew; increasea receipts at thia port, 379,500 bales. SuGAfc dull; Fair to fully Fair, 6j®7c M.OXAMBS, 35«37c FLOCK dull; Superfine, $ 6 50®$6 60. FREIGHT on Cotton to Liverpool, fa*. • - •CISCISNATI, March 6—Ftocn is less active at $5 5*®$5S5 for Superfine. WHISKT—Sales at 1 9 £ ® l 8 i c PnovWOJCS firm, bat quotationsunobanged. MO.VKYmarketeasier..•EXCHANGES.NBW-ORLBJJCS, March 6.—Sterling Exchange, 7l®8} ^ centpremium, and with bills of lading 76>7J ty cent premium. Ex-' • change on New-York. 1 ^ 2 ty cent discount for 60 days, and \ dis-( ount to * premium for sight bills.quite a', yesterd^ were anything but lively, and the number sold « d finally ttDgbt g g r ^ j ^ c c ^uaokenba.h;Vho c o ^ tbi8 matter will be probed to the botfeem; for, this~ •- -•-»-- —t-—. fully byGordon. net large, so that there wiH be a good supply in 19 and S3, Wt*ave devoted their liven to the acquirement of a ^" J . B's"beha'K.market to-day, particularly zx some two or three hun-dred were expected to arrive this morning, which will pri»on, and is now elected for a second, while William bids fairrespectable nmonnt of rascality. andTirro succeeded In so doing. I ^ b o u l d b e said or done, unless it & well said andjKew-Tork, and to prohibit the same on the Sabbath, was advanced to a third readings ,Mr. tlANIERRE introduced a bill to incorporate the American Zoological and Botanical Society.street cleaning, and superintendence of the Public Markets, which have been provided for elsewhere, leaving the Depart- ment with a Bureau of Sanitary Inspection, and a Bureau of Records and btatistics: The Inspector also retains the power of appointing and removing Sealers of Weights and Measures.Tb«elde»t James, has already serve-d one term in the SSite f thoroughly done.make ibe total number for the 'week as large this week to be speedily initiated into the xnYnteries of that institution." I t will be recdileefced that two .ysars ago, whenSection'-*!, in reference to the leasing of Ferries, &c-, is so The Governor BMessage was taken up in Committee amended as to provide that all ferries, docks, piers, and slipsgether, 50.2x81 &and Z1.2. $15,00,'ireely. If the same feeling continue* through to-day, 1 lot s. «- cor. 9th-st and 2d-av.. 26.10x89 5,500 President would carry the Lecompton bill through Also bills relative to the payment of certain assess-The following is our bank statement for the past week :Section 44 is so amended as to give each member of tho pom- Capital stock.......#36,581.700 Due to other Banks..*7,736,W»>wicn street, became dil z^ zb yj a ini Ud file^lAl t•>o«# tblhi'Ie OsidU*e7wrFaulink., BaUnUd wrv aMBs muchcontmecurhis vote in favor of Lecompton. The Democracy intheHouse wereunusually turbulentand 'impu- dent, challenged investigation, denounced Mr. Hoard as a libeler of the virtuous Pecksniff who tenanted the Executive mansion, poor old SBurna himself stammering out a feeble defiance, ami mov-— • 'distance from the slip, Anderson jumped overboard and TKNBMISN-T G«A VES—ALI^EGED CoFFrs SPECULA- ing a substitute for Hoard's resolution. Net to beSouthampton.New-Y<\k........... April 4. Passenger* Arrivedewam ashore, all attempts on the part of the officer to T10NS4—A trial took place yesterday afternoon before caught thus, Hoard promptly accepted the substi-In steamship Cahavba,from New-Orleans and Havana—Mrs. John E. Owens, Mrs. V. Turcot, Mrs. C. H. Sandford, Mrs. D. Powers, G. R. Whipple, H. Portertleld, C. Pino. M. Bodine, S. R. Smith, R. Bato, F. de la Cuesta, D. J. H. Stoel, P. Raymond* B. Benmo, P. Munoz, Wm. Henry Scott, Mrs. J. Easton, J. A. V. Canin, G. Orta, J. Wnitmore, W . Harvey, John Collins, John Kilgour, R. Sibley. Isaac Emery, F. Fowle. N. Gavit, Miss J. Gavit, W. Allen, Mrs. M. Doblinsky and child, Thomas Hughes, R. Lyon, J. M. de Fenentz, J. Solquero, Jamus McKeen, ALthis very substitute, the offspring of Burns., the ac- there were some revelations as to the manner in which cused ! And now, the party as a whole and Burns eera of this association for the ensuing jear took place speculations are carried on in the interment of the dead, as a choice brick thereof, showed their readiness toXUCVOK <DEALEKS SOCIXTTV—The election for offi- yesterday at No. 160 Hester street; the polls beiugevening, the society met in the same building when the In September laet, a German named Christian Yost, xese&waaannounced as fellows: residing at No. 76 Newark avenue, lost a little daugh-probe this sore to the core—the former by voting ina lump to send the resolution to the table of the Controller shall advertise such application for thirty imminent danger of dying from an overdose of Helper.and a small plot of ground is made to yield large reve- open from 9 a.m. until ii p. m. At 7£ o'clock in the nues by a system of tenement graves.days, anoNgive notice of theterms on which the fran- He also read extracts from the speech of the Attorney- chise wDi he leased to the highe at bidder. The. lowest General of Indiana, in defense of Cook, of Harper'sr<J hotels is the United States.Jf«r LONGWO.C!o and Hear TIMOTHY the Trimty iL E. Church, W Sih-avs.ColleKe of Physiciaxia an« Hssnal commencement of thin d Rev. Dr. Parker'« Church, coi SBURSDA Y , March », at -{ p. rCharge to the Graduate*,By t D W A l lValedictory Address,By SETH 1Mr Address to the Alumni of'tn- i liy TH.UMAThe profession and the publicSeats will be reserved for ih.> A d«nas. Ju.iNP**«Lde»t—Philip "W. £ngs. Vice-rresident—Alexander M. ter about three-years of age. He called upon Mr. Ed- >ss. •Mathews. Treasurer—RichardFrench. Kecordlnr Secretary—Ousttvna \.-Ratz- Finaucial Secretary—D. S. Faige. Trus->««•—S. R. Bunce. ?• Ryan. John Hoeft. Finance Committee however, to be a costly one, and also engaged of him inter Davis administered caustic to the'CuticleofSun—Rises...Sandy Hook. 7:22 1 Gov. Island... 8:12 I Hell-Gate.... 9:53ward Hone, jr., and ordered a mahogany coffin, not, JJpon the day, some two weeks ago, when Mr. —Androw Clark, John Merohant, and Wm. Van Name. Ser- a grave at the New-York Bay Cemetery. The child the Maryland Legislature, Mr. Hoard- offered aMARINEJO VENAL.(ea«t»at-Azm»—David T. MeBries. The meeting then adjourned.was duly buried, and the grave filled up as is usuil. resolution of inquiry in regard to this topic of Ex- Some four months afterward Yost, in conversation ecutive interference with legislation, &c., closingaPORT OF NEW-YORK.Cleared*MARCH 6.•••»•-•, - %. ^ . . . .2,400 baffled—for Mr. Hoard is a man not 2,400"reet, West Broad- street, Thompson etreet, Canal Btreet, West Broad-......Portland LiverpoolW ASHINGTON, March 5, 1860.wbhVne thieves, and succeeded in taking «h«m into costoa>««ftwyfolb identledtlrem, and they ^ ~ ^ * £ r ° P j » , U , e Covode, to inquire into the uses and aVasea/of t2i- have BO long: seen,-however, that the Democracyinfluencing legislation, and managing tha p^iiics of the country generally. The rules weae depended under a two-thirds vote, to letin tbeTesolution, despite the vituperative ebulition of 51?, Ashmoro of Sooth Carolina, who, in defiance of parlia-mentary law and gentlemanly projyrjety, got upwill not find flame way to do it no w. ,J 8 p « » «littlorow-inis one. of that doti of things upon^which nothing. 2,900 as a question of "privilege," and it being held^y . 2,175. 2,650 Mr. Speaker Orr not to be a privileged question, 'it . 2;fi00 receivedthego-by. DeterminednottobethusJDaUwish one «f his friends named John Falkner, who had Tnxaz. or Fnue ESCAPKS.—Yesterday afternoon just lost a child, was surprised to learn that the num-sbomvtwenty»member» of the Society of Turners, nn,der direction of Dr. G.*erdner, teacher of gymnastics, cordingly determined to investigate the matter, and on might need in his allotted task of flaying the An-gavean-exMbitiori of a lire escape at Turners' Hall in the following day proceeded to the Cemetery andcaueed the grave to be opened. Two small coflins napolis Democrats and dunces from their headB toOrchard street, and the trial clearly demonstrated to were remoTped, and the. following two, contained the. their heels, Mr. H. withdrew it for the time being. tion of billain Committee of the Whole.2,1002,100 through newspaper report, mixing the name ofpoor old Mr. Burns, a member from Ohio, in:theChurch, Canal, Greene, Eighth 'Btreet, or Clinton place,-University place, and Union place to Broadway, along Broadway to Seventh avenue, to intersect with the track. Aleo, from corner, of Clinton place or Eighth street and University place, along University place, Wooster street, Canal street to'West Broadway andGreenestreet.Branchesoftheroadrunalloverthe city and to the" ferries, the route occupying several foolscap ebeets of paper.Mr. MANTERRE introduced a bill providing that any person desiring to construct a railroad may give notice tothe'Controller of the city of his desire to ase any of the streets, and at the same time file a bond in the penal sum of $100,000, conditioned that, if he se- cures the grant, he will faithfully comply with the terms of -the act, and the rules and regulations of the Common Council touching the management and oper- ation of the road, and shall pay to the city a yearly rent, for whieb'the said franchiee shall be leased. TheThey have gone up,,BO far as the Assembly ia con- Saxon'a.........ernbr'e message, in review of the positions of the Re- New-Y-crk. North AmericanpublicanandDemocraticpartiesonthegreat question CircassianBut, as it gave rise to debate, and was likely to bers of their graves were the same (728.) They ac- consume a portion of the time which Mr. Davisthe audience jpresent that any regularly organised body bodies of Yost's and Falkner's children. Beneath To-day, being " Suspension Monday,"—i. e., the of men, with the apparatus at hand, couid save the these they were informed that there were two or three occasion when the HouBe allows its membexB the rare nves «f people in burning buildings under the mo*t se» more coffins. The men, feeling greatly aggrieved, re- privilege of even moving to suspend for a brief space,moved the remains of their children to another Cemo-rioua disadvantages. Each man had strapped ab»nt very« Mr. Yost also claimed that he had purchased a that exquisite tissue/- of absurdities, facetiouslyIda waist a broad band, to which was attached, at the mahogany coffin, and that the one in which he found called its " Rules"—Mr. Hoard intended to haveintroduced his resolution somewhat modified; and, of ga6-meterg, to reside in different parts of the State.side, a coQ of rope 50 or more feet in length. his child's remains was a whitewood coffin. The canal, appropriation bill. '••The action yesterday was brought by Mr. Yost to if objection had been made, to call for a suspension To Amend tbe general railroad act; it prohibits di-these facts, then it disturbs him less to stand up and utter false statements on the. floor of the .Senate, than to sit in his seat, and listen to what he is pleased to term false, but which is literally trne.Capulets; the latter by dodging tho question and reusing to vote at all! So much for the iaet Con-Lynch, J. Hern.'MrmATUJtK AUULWAC6:26 | Sets 5:58 | Moon—Rises.with the usual power to send for persons and papers.E. D. Morgan and Senator Lawrence, and Mr. L. had By means of light oak ladders, twelve feet in length, recover $100 damages, alleged to have been sustained of the rules. The resolution was in the following rectors from holding proxies, aad makes more stringent better produce the evidence to sustain his assertion.Schooners—D. C. Higgins, Longstreet, Petersburg, Van Brunt k Slsght; E. T. Lewis, Cates, Wilmington, D. C. Murray; S. N. Smith, Weeka, Newborn, N. C , C. B. Dibblee k Co.; Mary A . Pierce, Smith, Providence, H. Trowbridge's SoUs; R. Palmer, Wellon, Galveston, Oakley &. Keating; Lilly, Francis, Charles- ton : Roxbury, Chase, Elizabethport, A. Howes: S. A. Mount, Hodgkinson, Bristol, master; Ea»t Wind, Bu»b, Provincetown, Post & Small; Crenshaw, Moas, Richmond, C. H Pierson; D. G.College of Physician** iwill be delivered bct'oro the Alan Phjsieians and Surgeons, oy 1 i: •t'rsew-York. «* LIT'.Parser's Ci av., on THURSDA Y EVENIN< mencement exercises. S«?at« wi the body of the church.The Alumn- will m«?et at lh<s . D., No. 37 East 12ih-«t. oo.KKJ JOSEPH 11.-The K e u u b l l c a n Ceiinn k regular meeting '1'iliS ilVJL^' at Ciintou Bail, atk-st.FRASCIB O. XOVSG, \ a^t. A. M. Hiix, 3 c *•8fxtb Ward Regular li The regular meeting oi tSe ab< No. 52 *rarislm-st., on THURal at 7^ o'clock. Punctual atiendai Com rrdttee appoiuti'd tu ravinat the end of which, was a large hook, the men as-eended from stoxy to story, until they reached the top - S-ave which was also used for the interment of others,He, aleo set Mr. Lawrence right in regard to the At- torney-General of Indiana.• n,oer.,' Upon reaching the first floor, the ladder wasdrawn up and hooked oyer the sill of the windowabove, and so on to the top. Four men ascended upon ducted the case on the part of the defendant, Mr. each ladder. Beaching the top floor, a rope was low- Hope. The following ia the testimony:• Mr. McLeod Murphy rose to a question of privilege, The bill to nroyide tor funding and paying the float- and stated .that while he had a regard for his name-:iTo amend the Brooklyn charter.ing debt of New-York was debated, but no progress sake which amounted almost to affection, he did not Floyd, Rackett, Gloucester, master; A. M. Bartlett, Bartlett.Christian Yost, bring sworn—I reside at No. 7f> N«warkavenne, and know M*. Hujw, who ia an undertaker; 1 losta charge; for he endeavored by threatt, and by seduction* of hit Wjoming, during hie stay in the city. ItttLo girl 2 years and 11 months old on the 14th of laat Septem- patronage, without effect, to draw true men away from the path Adjourned.ber-,,on the morning after I-went over to Mr. Hope's and told of duty.'him J wanted a coffin, not.a common one; he sent one over and " And on the 14th day of December last, a member from New-Printing his remarks the Senator from the Niigara Hstrict would be careful to put in the initials ol his name.BROOKLYN WATER-WORKS.We bai a very pretty settp to-day between the two Democratic Senators from Brooklyn. Mr, Spinola has a. pet bill here to amend the Water-Worlcs A :t of thoother safely in the street. did not notice whether it wan mahogany or not; the grave in ~inx statement: 'During the Lecompton controversy, I was ap-first learned that another child had been butiedin my grave;ALBANY , Tuesday, Karch 6, I860.THE CITY CHARTER.which be buried my' child was about six feet deep; 1 remainedAfter saving every person in the building the men until it was all filled; it was about 4 months afterward that 1 the Administration.'" •th« urit dty after 1 learned (Mi, Kolkuox and utjanlt went up thepoit •£ tue Executive brnnch of this Government with the 5 feet, and .She coffin was covered only about two inches with rogatives, incompatible with its dignity and punty, aud calcula-A '*Italian ladder" was next produced, and found earth; we spoke to the Superintendent about ic but he was busy tion to impair its reputation, and to destroy public confidence in equally efficacious with the other. This admirable and could not attend to the matter-; the n«xt day we, went our Government; thereforeimmediately referred back to the same Committee for amendment, ie, as a matter of course, exciting a goodto H. B. Cromwell & Co. Marob 4, 10 a. mu, 40 miles 8. of Fry- sons in their stead, without salary. * Savannah; 6th, 6 a. m., passed steamships Baltic, and Ariel, IbrSenator Gardiner, colleague of Spinola from Rings, AspinwalLSteamship Cabawba,'Smith, New-Orleans Feb. 26, via Havana,order ofGaoKGX GRr>-r>v, .Sec'y.,*iiSubdivision 5 of Section 13 of the charter is amended so that three feet in length, and the whole apparatus is conse- York Bay Cemetory; the number of the grave in which Mr. ceeded to-day in getting in his resolution, which the Mayor may appoint auoh clerks as may be required in hisder over 20 feet in length was joined and raised.In casea where outpouring flames from the lower windows would prevent the men from ascending by the bidders, a large canvas is held stretched out at the foot of the building, into which persons might jump from a great bight without sustaining personal harm—a£factsive right s for burial; Mr. Yost had not the right to erect a atoue, as the company surreider no lights, and that persons could only have the privilege to deposit a body in the grave; witness said that they dig their gr»yV« from seven to eight feet deep, and charge for interment in them from $ 3 to $ 4 Mr. Hope piid$4 for the interment. The rules of the company require that undertakers shall mention to applicants on what terms bodies are received; a £ 7 g>ave entitles a person to a deed; witness opened the grave, and, after removing two coffins, came down to that of Mr. Yost's; he thought from the appearanco that it was not, but" be authorized by the Cbuimon Council, and as may he reqiired mittee, we may look for a thorough investigation of " in his office to aid him iu the discha'gfl of his official duties."that branch of the subject covered by the preamble Section 19 is so amended as to require that the Mayor, Control- ler, end Counsel to the Corpoiation shall be voted lor each ou aCity of Brooklyn; that the proposed bill was intro- duced for jobbing purposes and not for reform; and that he hoped the motioa for reconsideration wouldpatuing Hatteras passed large quantities of "wrecked staff, con- sisting of vessels' houses, barrels, boxes, broken span, &c.Schr. A nnah M. Edwards (of Brookhaven), Edwards, Kingston. 1 agswhich was fully demonstrated in our presence. The , upon being opened he identified it &• bin child; witness cut acountry and the world George W. Bowman, chief officers ofthe Executive Department m«y appoint aud xe-Printer to the Senate, and '" J. B.," President of move tho Chiefs of Bureaux and tne clerks anc subordinates in thing." .their respective departments, exejept that tho Chief Engineer of the Republic, we may look for some rich develop- the Fire Department shall be reelected in the mi nner prescribedments from a region famous for the iuexhaustible- by law. . Section 22 IBamended sons to read: There, shall be an Execu-com to Beebe k Co . • Schr. George B. Fisher, Davis, Milford, DeL, 2 days, corn toJD. JS. JtToX-Schr. Albert Jamerson, Jamerson, Providence 2 days, in sTreasury Jor the pajment of money on warrants, and no money aged. Counsel occupied nearly two hours in summing up, majority of the Convention, and vote it dewn, the have deposited tho same, unless upon warrants to be drawm byAlso arr , slrip John Spear, from Liverpool. Spoke, Feb. 22,were got. out safely. The building was slightly dam- " Baywood," commonly termed " plain mahogany.*'and the case went to the Jury at 7 o'clock. At lO the Controller, and countersigued by the Mayor aud Clerk ofthealike.South will inevitably rebel, and marshal their entire Common Council, tho chief officer of which shall be called the Sraxwr CaHTRlc^3.---The following contracts were o'clock they had not come in, and it was the impres- force in opposition to the Convention. On the con- Chamberlain of tho City of New-York. Tho Chamberlain shall sion that they would not agree. The trial has created forthwith, depoidt all money, received by him, and shall keep\^iiettfnjBcnrb «ad gutter stones, and flawingy^^f^^^ween JTonrthandSeventh ; 1 1-u^ «« ?fei* ^**'' Urn*,12month.;sureties, OWn) Dc-S^i^in&w ?^**.*>montb,; ««3£andcertifythenornetwiththoreasonsfordisallowance,tothe nolds,SamuelD.Patridge,AaronLewis,EdwardLeVert,!Asuel effects. Itwould be the final blow tothehopeBof Controller. TheControllershallreporttothoCommonCouncil, S.Duncombo, Wm.Pitman,EdwinD. Plymptoa, William Vthe Democratic organ5zaiion in the Free States, and quarterly, the nume of every person in whose favor an account Palmer, George H. Reed, Horaco B. Claflln, Cbarles E^Shartl wethink"prove moredisastrous than any preceding hasb«euauditedaudpaidduringthequarter. Allmoneysdrawn SterlingSmitu,IraD.Richmond,Wm. P. Shepherd, Wm.'A.dy,from*ork;barksSarahBryant,audJuliusComment,from Boston-.Parmelia*Flood,LomHavre; Juniata, from Bordeaux; Manhattan, from St. Thomas.March6.—Arr.shipsMarciaC.Day,fromLiverpool,andCbaa. Davenport, from Havre. -iOaKjngax.'stones in£Po.TMj-»"«J»we«i, nrom Hintbto Eleventh ~smmni7 Harrisbnrsb..John Cbickerhig. Pinckney ....John Pans.L«yd«n DavidAlger. Turin. Lowrille. ....C. G. Lano.DXMOC7UT*. RepAiftar imd"*rs<**»* Pk*t««aoe. from One-handrcd-and- Groig,... ....Francis Beger. OsceolaE.B.Holden,-William RowoU. ninth to d^bm^red-andHwenty third str.ee. toCorLuV. Hi«h Market.Cbarlea Plumm«sr.Watson.. Peter Kirley.by the Controller, and filed in His office:be chief office of which shall be the "Superintendent of Sup-TuK Brno MORAKOT, previously'reported ashore near Jones'* Jet, is mil of water, and will no doubt prove a total loss. CHAKX.KKTOM,March5.—ThoSpanishbrigMistorio,fromCab*iUculaiins FiAiotb . * * * * from Fourth to Lexington Avenue, to Mfefeael HonirV, at * 1.013 ^ i time 3 months ; sureties, Alex^ijn>BPKn>wrT.Croghan..... .Patrick Sweetman.safe and consistent course would be to run a Popular Sovereignty ticket in the free States.Ssrah Elizabeth and two ofthe handfc-were brought before Jus- . ce ,9°Tn w e l l „ye *t «r d a y» o u tho ohargo of grand larceny, in steal-on the l s t i n s t . i n lat. 81, lou.72 28, passed a brig, apparently American, dismasted.UVBVCH Hxo#rwAx.Js«*—Two BROTHERS " ow T H I l l i » A P . " ^ I ^ l y o n l ^ N k u W , r « « o r B i B f , J o h n O . . O a f f n e y o f N oa m y anditlaco. togetherjSbTwTfcsdley, attend tfce'pbesv tof«*«or with two whitea Anderson- Mii£n. Jaw** l ? « y -nd WflJiam Anderaon. Murrayhad a banjoAlsoaBureauofMarkets,theChiefofwhichshallbothe been, to avoid the question at Charleston. But this superintending tho public markets. Article 18, ohapter 4, of theschr. were near. The'Sarah was bound from Boston to Charles- I o n : s h e w a s b u i l t a t P o r t l a n d i n 1 8 4 8 , w a s 4 5 3 t u n s r e g i s t e r * r a t e * A tk and owned by J. H. Smith of Boston.("By telegraph to Kllwood Walter, Sec'y Board Undarw'rs [The above is no doubt the ship seen by the steamship C»proached in such a manner as shows corruption on the part of '• And Whereas, These st*t«menta imply an tBtorforonoo »uThe bill to amend the Caarter of the City of New- City of Brooklyn, so. as to cut off the heads oftheSteamship K. K. Cuyler, Crocker, S„.,„.....,..., .. „„, „_„ ,,.,„.. r, Crocker, Savannah, mdse. and pass.W ehope- .t!ode men having succeeded thus, far, is is not likely j •'they will back out at Cliarlesfcon.nsthot the:"Bureau ot Repairs and Supplies" ismadethe Bu- reau of Repairs only, " Supplies'? having ooen provided for in a previous section; also, by leaving out the provision tbat " the h Chief Engineer of the Fire Department shall have a Bureau" under th« Street Department, and shall have charge of repair- " ina fire-engines and fire apparatus." Also, by leaving out the Bureau for the Collection of Assessments, which a previous provision trousfers to tho Finance Department. Otherwise this nection remains as in the present Charter.•iaquircry and other Democratic journals, that the 'deceased persone was ordered to a third reading. ?ment, or for neglect to comply with any of the provisions ofthe lease. .BOSTON WEEKL Y BANK STATEMENT. • .\£ BosTOH, Tuesday, March 6,1860.the ^report «? the market will not show a very favor 2 houses and lots adjoining on 9-.h-ftt, each 18x28.10, each. '4,050 the Lower House of Congress by the potency of his ments in Brooklyn,.and relative to the Kings County mon Council an manual salary of $1,000.Loans'and discounts 59,998,800 D e p o s i t s . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13,645,600 .able prospect for the drovers, except those of ^neat, first quailfcy cat^e.The stestaboat Isaac Newton left her dock, Pier No..patronage; and, with these newspaper statements 'Superintendents of tiie Poor.6.000 for his premises, Mr. Hoard proposed to inquire ioto . Mr. F1ERO introduced a bill incorporating WilliamH.Hays, Edward B. St. John, Jas. S. Hunt, Min- thornTompkins, fa, and 32 others, to lay a railroad, commencing at Fifty-ninth street, at the intersection with Seventh avenue, through Seventh avenue, Green- wichavenue,Eighthatreet,Macdougalstreet,Fourth2,275 easily diverted from his purpose—he Offered2,175 the resolution again, at a later day, this time, aleo from corner of Barclay and Church stree'ts3,. along The Sbylocks die hard, but there is no help for them. North American1 honso and lot, No. 5 Martin T«wrace (East 80th-st.), 18.9THE SHYLOCKS AGAIN.The bill to. abolish the. penalties for taking usurious interest was again discussed at considerable length in the Assembly to-day, in which Messrs. Milliken, Rob- inson, and others, advocated the bill with much ability, or perhaps plausibility.would be better. It was op- posedwithmuchforcebyMessrs.Wiley,Pinch,Allen of Brie, Bingham, Barnett, Maxson, and others, andSpecie..... 5,034,800 Circulation Duo from ©therB'ks 7,768,0001Blovememta of Ocean SteanMsrs* TO DEPART.Leave. For.Europe...............Boston........LiverpoolAnglo-Saxon«,386,70frl o t s . * - cor3 lots adjoining on Stb'iv., each'25x110, each..7,90:>. 6,000 their truth. Put, having submitted his resolution5th-avand 83d-st-,. 27.2x110.\H o i attjoising on 83d-stM 25x102.2.. 1 lot adjoining, 25x102.2.........*1 lot adjoining, 25xl02jfc...••••*••»»••»•••igenerally beal ilteir strifes on the eve of an election, ecutive patronage, in conttsling the elections, and that it iabard tomake their opponents believe that theywords, the pith being in its preamble: .' " Whertut, On the 12th day of December last, a member of this Bouse, Mr. Hiukman of Pa., made '-ho following statement on the floor of the House: ' A s Mr. Buchanan could not purchase me.tiff, and in his opening proposed to prove what is so I cannot be purchased by others. 1 have already been offered stated in substance as above. Mr. Wakeman con- more than I am worth, and refused to soil myself at that-'" And on the attmo day &, member from New-York, Mr. Has- was made. wish to be held responsible for his political sentiments1 in, on the floor of this House, made tho following Ktatement: The privileges of the floor were extended to the as he bad been by his constituents for some of the bills' In answer to this, let me say that no one in this country knows Hon. Auguatns Frank, Member of Congress from which he had introduced. He begged, therefore, in better than Mr. Buchanan hmmelf, the utter falsehood - of thisin consequence of. Mr. Hone having sold to him a r. William H. Jelliffe acted as counsel for the plain-regulations hi regard to insolvent roads, transfer of stock, &.c.ered, and a long canvas tube, similar,to that exhibitedin the Park a few days ago, hauled up and fastened inthe window. Through thia tube fifteen persons de-scended in a sborttime, and were landed one after thj nothing was waidabout the piice; it looked like a nice one but I Jersey, Mr. Adrain, on the floor of- this House, made the follow- From Our Own Correspondent.Jacksonville, C.& E. J. Peters. Steamer—Octorara, Fowler, South Amboy.Arrived.Steamship, Alabama, Schenck, Savannah 58 hours, mdse. and* pass, to Samuel L. Mitchill &. Son. March 3, passed crossing the Bar, ships Council, Cbarles Cooper, Georgia, and Coosawattie i 4th, at 6:45 a m., off Frying Pan Shoals, exchanged signals with steamihip Huntsvllle; at 3 p. m., with the steamship State ofGeorgia, at 11:45, 35 miles N. of Cape ~leHatteras. exchanged sig-nabi with steamship Augusta. bnne« toi:sta. bnncA tor Savannah,lowered their apparatus, and then attachiog thair ropeto the window sill slid down thereon to the walk. to the Cemetery and found the grave open to the depth of about legislative »ights nnd duties of this body, in derogation of its pre- York, which waa reported to the House last week, and present Water Commissioners, and to appoint four per- ing Pan Shoals, signaled steamship Hnntsville, Post hence lorup again, andiound the grave filled up: the Superintendent had " Resolved Th&t a Committee of five be appointed by the degree of interest here, as well as in New-York, in tie absence df the latter, moved to recommit the March 1, mdse. and pass, to Livingston, Crocberon & Co. contrivance consists of a number of short lengths of it opened, and two coffins were taken out, one of which he said Speaker to inquire -and investigate whether any improper at- bill, under the profession that persons from Brooklyn Ship Roger A. Hiern, Stewart, Liverpool Jan. 27, mdse.t*«veBtl» W a r d I t e p n h tit !>n.—Tbi* As*ocit>Uon wiu TaURSDAYEVENING,ant£ Hall, corner of Franklin aud Wi" Brooklyn.—TbT&BVEN tl SOOIATIUJN wi'l noid a meetini Fraiiliu aud WilIo.ughby-«tVf... at« o'clock.A. VAMTun., Secretary.T h e JPIrat ot" t h e t n m WAKO ICt.PUBLiCAN CAV.t' Mcolhjg THIS E V itMiSG «i' j ship BJOI, NO. 149 lGth-st. Emii*meeting. By order,CuAt. A. CLAKK, ADRIAX <-R.Trinity Yonng Men's CJ. G. HUlvLAbtD ci\jiiOiay Liu Leature on " W q R K AN U P LA in d4th-st,between 'in and St,':, at March 8, at 8 o'clock. Tickets!Dr . M . F R E E LWOMEN'S RIGHT Msdicaii>THIS EVEcuJi COOPER JLNSTi:•eligiouK Notice.—On T in t, at 7j o'clock, a rUBLiC* FifRt Reformed Dutch Church, C<ourt, on the mbject of " C^-y '.U< tnatrc Church and Sabbath .-a of fehe city pastor^, of all dtnom p«n-t in the proceeoLuga..- All uiattend. AJHUREW A . SMITIInaericarilnstirnte—?0 le«v at tbe^Kwna of the lasav-Von THUR.SDA>Y, Mivrcu1 for consideration is '* Light.'"~Br7Giiberr,wili lecture I 720 Broadway on the Hearr.appearsnee in health anddi*$aS* wU be icparted; aon't Micte h~^!he Kev. H. fjJrnttnn' G EVENING this weea vexc<?p: Toy's Church, 14th-st.THUR&DAY, fchinst, at tO Church vMr. Parmly's), Jersoy <*~8oIon Jrtobiijwon'n P o r t n will be found in this week's J only 4 cents. FOWLER 4, Analytical Prnvt This pratice requires a kuowlt fluids and solidso; the Human Band the character of the morbid enables the pfiyskian to select t •olvmg. or neutralUine the acric tiou, Duensel Liver, Kidney*, pamphlets or comuitation. InvbadoeensentoverfromadisreputablehouseinNew-Vork;the temptshavebfcenorarebeingmade,byanypersonconnected' Aftermuchchasingandwaiting,Ihavefinallybeen wishedtobeheard.Themotionwascarried.Spinolal Post,SmithkCo. i .• to ladder, each provided with irop soekets or notches at third coffin he told me contained my child; I could not believe withthe Executive Department of this Government, or bjr any able to obtain, sight of the bill for a sufficient time to hearing of this move by his associate Senator, asked Bark Maria M' rton, Bulkley, Savannah 4 days, cotton, Ate., to- the ends of the side piece* for the purpose of fitting it, and told bim that my coffin was a mahogany one; the Saper- reoonactinz nnder their advice orwitb their consent, to influence make a full abstract of ite provisions. As it is a bill for a reconsideration, stating in effect that a trick had Wm B. Scranton- m ,them together to make a ladder of any desired length. lut«-nd«-at cut a piece from this coffin, and it proved to be white- the. action of this House, or any of its members, upon any ques- BrL? A. B. Hopkins, Murray, St. Mark's Feb. 23, cotton towood ; we then opened the coffia; and 1 identified the remains as tion* or measures upon which the House bus acted, or which it which proposes extensive ebanges in the administra- been played upon him; that the obje it of recommittal Brodie k Pettes. 8poke, no date, off Matanilla. ship John &.The first section ie provided with wheels at the upper those of my child; Hope t«ld m« that he could swear that the row. has, or may hereafter have under consideration, directly or tion of the city government, it will do no harm to let coffin Kras a mahog»ny one; he wanted to settle the matter with indirectly: with power to send for persoua and papers, and towaa simply to kill the bill • that the plea of wishing to Albert, of and bound to Boston, from New-Orleans; Match 5 be hearu was a mere pretense; and that his associate passed a ship on fire, with white billet bead, sheathed with yel- low metal up to 13 feet marks: think she was about 800 tuns; her from Kings bad not represented the wishes of his con head and stern post still standing, and rudder entire; the rest ofstituents, but simply those of the preseat Water Com- her burnt to the copper.missioners, and their maker, Mayor Powell. Brig Judith Somes (of Mount Desert, Me.), Raymond, Ponce,P. R., Feb. 22, sugar and molasses to master.Yost's child was burled was No. 723, in the 15th row; this is in was adopted. It is broad iu its scope, and should office to aid him in the discharge of his official duties. The pros- Senator Gardiner responded to Spinola, saying that Schr. Kasbec, Long, Tobasco 23 day», and 5 days from Capequently very portable. In about three minutes a lad- the common or stranger's graves, where they did not give exclu- Mr. Hoard be placed with him upon the Com- tut charter reads: .'• The Mayor sha'l appoint such clerks as may the recommittal was called for by the people ofthe Florida, logwood and indigo to Mayhow, Talbot fc Co. Sincewife, at any time-"principal provisions as it now stands, as folio tvs :But Mr. Covode, having obtained the floor, suc-Bogeris.Davis, Bu^omitted t^e existing Senatorialresolations. to prevent the controller from increasing or diminishing tho » « d to the extent of $100. The fixe is supposed to have boonSehatyjVs bnVPagh and Douglas* , Under sach. circum-themeneved gentleman ws'i follow**! bythemuSiciMis. '•wh»n MR. COVODE'S INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE ! stan.f;eB.of approval we do not see how it is possible de*m it necessary: • •- ., ,•• , . , • ' j V wwry II«»UD Mwiwifj. y- »'«•••••• •»•*•»— »..^v.r **, ,,.. ow* VTMVJVSac. 24, relating to tho Croton Board, is so amended as to transfer to that Board tho cleaning af the streets, and so as that the Board shall bo appointed by the Controller for a term of five year*, to commence oi> the passage of this act, without respect to existing terms of office or to incumbents thereof. The clause NEW-YORK LWISIATURE. in regard to street-cleaning provides for a bureau, the chief officer of which shall be called the " Superintendent of Street-Cloan- ing." The streets shall be swept arid cleaned either by contract SEN A TE... .ALBANY , March 6,1860. or contracts, to be made by tho said Department or otherwise, as it shall determine, all provisions of law to the contrary not- KT. MANIERRE presented petitions for and re- withstanding. Section 40 of chaptor 7, Revised Ordinances ofmonstrances against city railroads. Also, to limit the 1869, is applied to the Bureau of Street-Cleaning.faro-on ail citv railroads to three cents. Section 27, relating to the City Inspector's Department, is so The bill relative to licensing public exhibitions in amended as to take away from tho Department the business ofof tbo Whole.:In the Senate, bills on general orders were consid-eretV -•••shall be leased by the Controller at public auction, and to thehighestbidder who will give'adequate security. And inlikomanner shall bo made all sales of pub> c property, other thanlends under water. •No lease hereafter given for ferries, docks,piers, or slips, shall be for a longer period than 10 years. Any and 2^24 #"ceut tor TllinoU and Wi»con»ln funds.lly charged at that time, even in The Richmond E«z- 'of claims of servants and laborers against estates of ferry lease shall be revocable by the Controller for mismanage-ST. Lours, March 6 Sight Exchange on New-Y ork, JwHF'•--'> cent premium for gold: 1\ ty cent premium for Missouri funds,Ja6m.., 18 days, coffee wand'logwood to master. "E"•xperienced heavy and resolution he failed to get before the House. separate ballot. The Street Commissioner and-City Inspector not prevail. The vote being taken, and the result weather:c»srried away-.jibboom aud fore gaff. theMr, Covode, being aWennsylvanian and one of the shall be appointed by the Mayor (except an acting Mayor) with being announced, Gardiner came off victorious. But Schr. Thomas Holcomi be, Poslee, Charleston 5 days, cotton to Representatives of the State which has given to the the consent of the Beard of Aldermen. Spinola will not reet satisfied with this triumph over W . B. Scranton k Corchased a grave at the New-York Bay Cemetery, which was ness of its iron and coal-mines, and the fathomless tive Department which shall be denominatedtho " Department— •THE POLICE TELEGRAPH.—-A new telegraphic ap- paratus, similar to that in nse in. New-York, is abontand molasses to Miller k Houghton. <*. Schr. Wild Pigeon (of Sau Francisco), Harlow, Providence,bound to San Francisco.Schr. Walter Raleigh, Phillips, Savannah 4 days, cotton and rice to D. C. Murray.numbered 728, the same as that of Mr. Y ost's; they removedthe children together; Yost's coffin was white-wood; witnessfound bis child's remain* the fourth one from the top; whenthey called upon Mr. Hope, he said he •would swear that Yost abandon this investigation at once, unless they are had a mahogauy coffin; Hope tried to settle the matter, and wit- prepared and determined to go to the bottom of. the ness offered to take S10," the omouut he paid for the intormen t;of Finance," which shall assume aud have control of all the Usjal concerns of the Corporation. It shall prescribe the forms of keeping and of rendering all City accounts, whioh accounts must bo kept and rondcTcd as so prescribed- All accounts Tendered toing of the New-York Historical Society was held lastevening in the Lecture Boom, corner of Second avenne Hope requested witness to see Yost, and try and prevail upon rascality and roguery, public and private, whichor kept in the ether Departments of .the City Government «h>»ll being introduced in the Station-Houses of this city. Schr. George Deering, Hingham, Elizabethport, to load for be tutiject to the inspection aud revision of the proper officers of Portland, Me.this Department It shall bottle and adjust all claims iu favor of After several years' experience the old system was Schr. John E. Patton, Gaskill, Portland 15 days, heading'to or iigain8t the Corporation, and all accounts in which the Corpo- found to.be worthless. Alarms of lire could be trans- master. ra-.ionisconcerned,eithorasdebtororcreditor.TheControllerof Schr.Estelle, Davis,Galveston 19days,sugar,hides,kc, to the City of New-Y ork shall he the chief officer of this Department. mitted, and that waa about all it was good for. The master.him to settle alro, but he refused. ' • have gangrened every department of tho service andEleventhstreet. The Hallwas crowded; many Mr."Wood,onbebigrecalled,saidthat!hecoffin was a com-B*v. Dr. He Witt filled the chair. The usual routine before the grave is filled then they proceed no further with it; decency throughout the Union. W e suppose the witness said there was no po«aible chance for coffins to bebusiness was transacted, and the Bev. Judson H. Hop. exchanged in the cemetery. neither Mr. Covode nor Mr. Hoard has moved inkims read a paper on the History of Witchcraft in Philip Besty and John binder testified that they each bad a this matter without having facts enough to base child buTied at this cemetery, and that they afterward ascer-America, recounting ail the laws of the several States tained that they were buried in grave 1,032. -^ his investigations upon. -Let them move cautious-on the subject, with their modifications, and many Yost, on being recalled, irtated that he had his child buried in ly, promptly, and thoroughly. The country neither the Jersey City Cemetery, for which he paid $ 8 50 for an ex- expects nor will brook a feeble and superficial ex-poration, and report to the Common Council'all encroachments thereon, and until tho said Common Council act in the premises, take all necestary measures to preserve the same. And in case any logal disability shall occur to any officer or Board of offi- cer*, who may manage, according to law, the real estate, or .lands, or public places, or public parks belonging to the city, and which legal dinabiiity shall interrupt or annul such management,Superintendent of Police, City Hall, yesterday.• a —Schr. Sea Bird, Smith, Providence 1 days, in ballastSchr. Barbara, Crane. Virginia 3 days, wood.Schr. Ann, Sawyer, Elizabethport, coal for Boston.Sloop Fred Brown, Carr, Providence 2 days nadne. to master.turpitude of its leading Democratic politicians. But, we caution our friends at Washington toMarch5,1860.Senatorial representatives of that party (two of them, ceiver of T axes," who shall poBBees all the powers aud perforinHHLANDS, March 6, sunset.—One ship in the Offing. vSvE., light: w#ather clear.SANDY HoOR\ March 6, sunset—One ship and a bark near the Bar, bound in; no signals given. Wind S. E., light; weather; clear. - ,J. CLA WaON KELIDr . P ful From Pari*, v i< Koti*. SiPugh and Douglas alone dissenting), affirming that Congreesional protection to Slavery in the Territories whenever that institution is threatened therein, shouldall the duties now prescribed by low for the Receiver of Taxes. and tho office of Receiver of Taxes as heretofore constituted, and the provisions of law relating to him are hereby modified so OHto coniorm to the provisions of this act.~There shall also be a bureau in this Department for the collec- be given, is a blow directly in the face of Popular tion of assessments, the chief officer of which shall be called theFORT LAFAYETTE, March 6, sunset—One bark coming up CHARLESTON,MarchG.-ThesteamshipColumbia,Berry,and other subordinates in the Department of Finance, if he shall ': Section 23, in respect to the Street Department, is so amendeastory frsme bouse .No 65 North Sixth street, K. D y and beforeAfrica.way, College place, Barclay street, to Broadway, and the House refused to order the bill to a third reading.^ Nova Scotian.Portland Liverpool Portland LiverpoolNew-York....Southampton New-York....SouthamptonTO ARRIVE. Liverpool.. ...Portland-...., Liverpool.....New-York I>iverpool BostonSouthampton.New-YorkLiverpool Portland.... ....Galway New-YorkSouthampton.New-Y ork.... Southampton.New-Y ork Southampton.New-Y ork...March 17 .March 24 April 3 May IFeb. 3& Feb. 29 .Feb. 2$ Feb. 27Feb. 28 March 3 March 4 March 7 March 21sum at which the same shall be leased shall be fixed by the Mayor, Controller, and Street Commissioner, or a majority -cf them. No loas6 shall authorize for laying more than a single track on.any street not over sixty feet wide. The rate of fare shall in no case exceed five cente, under the permission of the Common Coun- cil. This act not to allect any existing charter.These are the bills alluded to in yesterday's report, and proceed from opponents of the bills reported in the.Assembly!Ferry memory, wherein the said Attorney-General ex- pressed opinions againat the Divine origin of laws which peraritTnerchandizing in men and women. This speech, alawyer's plea, he said was made by a Repub- lican, and therefore be charged the sentiments or the speech to the Republican party. I presume the Re- publicans would not object to the sentiments of the speech, which was a very good one, as far as I could judge from the extraots read by the Senator. But Mr. Lawrence ought to knoWj if he does not, that the Attorney-General of Indiana is a Democrat, and that he was engaged by Gov. Willard, another Democrat,!'••ASSEMBL Y .The evening session was occupied in the considera- to defend Cook, his brother-in-law. If he did knowSteamships -Jamestown, Skinner, Norfolk, Ludhtra & Heinek- en; Florida, Crowell, Savannah, S. L. Mitcbill ic Sonj- George* Creek, Willctts, Savannah, H. B. Cromwell & Co.Ships—Planter, Dailey. New-Orleans, N. H. Brigbam; Leices- ter (Br.), Bobbins, Charleston, Howland 4t Aspinwull; Comet, Todd, San Francisco, R.'M. Cooley; S. Sprague, Gillespie, Bre- men, Ruger Bros.Barks—Pride of the Sea, Uram, Zws, Yznaga del Valle & Co.; M. E. Trout, Ames, Trinidad, Metcalf & Duncan.The following were completed, and ordered to a third reading:I© -amend the act to incorporate companies formed to navigate the lakes and rivers.Mr. Murphy, in reply, stated that he had it from 1V>provide for the appointment of deputy inspectors" the Governor's own lips that he had.not signed thecerned.Mr. P. P. Murphy, the Senator from the Niagara AustralasianTHEdistrict, made a very able speech to-day on the Grov- America....Brigs—Jachin, Page, Norfolk; Ocean Traveler, Sargent, Nue- paper which Mr. Lawrence insisted that he had signed. vitas; Orkney, Murphy, Kingston, Tucker it Lightboume; G. T. Ward, Briggs, Mobile, Sturg<3s U. Co.; Proteus, Cbipman, C«r-Therefore there was a. question of veracity betweenSection 21 in amended so as to rpad as follows: The heads'or him. He is not so easily to be beaten out of a " bitr Schr. John Lenthall, Vandcrvcnter, North Carolina 4 daysTHE GRAND-STREET RAILROAD.—The constructionthe "Controller shall succeed to all their powers and duties con- few days, and it is expected that it will be completed Steamer Boston, Sellew, Philadelphia and Cape May, mdso.Sovereignty. ItisanissuetenderedtotheDouglas jfCollectorofAssessments."•!There shall also be a bureau in this Department for the colloc-. Board yesterday. The following gentlemen were from-Wew-York, arr. hero at 6 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning.wing of the party.so distinct that it cannot be dodged. tion of arrears of taxen, arrears of assessments and arrears of PHILADELPHIA, March 6.—Arr. ship Roswcll Sprague,If this doctrine is put forth at Charleston, and there Water rents, the chief officer of which shall ho called tho Clerk chosen for the offices named, there being little oppo- from Liverpool. The first mate, Mr McLanahan of Bath, diedseems to be noway of averting it, the Popular Sov-ereignty men are cornered. They must succomb andsurrender,-' or they must make fight. If thsy have a shall be drawn from the bank in which the Chamberlain maysition:awVtrded on[Fridaylast: agreatdealofinterest, andalargenumberofpersons trary, if tne Popular Sovereignty men are beaten, booksshowingtheamountspaidonaccountoftheseveralappro- pontHouselastevening. .v •••--• ;:^*^«. Below,shipJulietTrundy,fromLiverpool.BetT^as^dending Karty-thirdstreet,fromSecondavenue werepresent. to Thh'B **««»$ to BTuga Huaa*«, at S13.9C5; time, 12 months;G5e t l *;'J^v.v1 feI l< , a , *'d James Home. There were ninebi*s, of *Wclx Jh* highort wa« *15,499. Five of the bids weretheycannotsubmitwithoutgoingtoruinin the Free priations,andnowarrantshallbopaidouaccountof auy appro- priation after the amount appropriated for that specific purpose'TO WN ELEC TION8.LEWIS COUNTY. JUCPUBLlCASft.Denmark....LewisPieree. MartinsbnrghEdwinPitcher. "Diana. Jot. Paihud. New-BremenJeromeKUts.States. If the leaders and delegates swallow a plat- -shall have been expended. -from the City Treasury shall bo upon vouchers for the expendi- one. Thefie Northern leaders and delegates must, in ture thereof, examined and allowed by tho Auditor, and approvedthis event, repudiate the platform, and refuse to sus-tain the candidate, or give him only such half-wayLindsay, Aaron A. Phillips, George Tucker.of Arrears. .Also a bureau for the reception of all money paid into theFeb. ,10. Spoke on Feb. 22, brig Ann Elizabeth, from New-York, and received a supply of provisions from her.President. Cyrus P. Smith'; Vic-President, John G. Bergen;Superintendent of Public Schools, J. W . Buikley; Secretary, ship Olamond, from Liverpool for Savannah; March 2, ship G. W. A.Stuart; Clerk, Henry Dean; Messenger, John Akhura-. ChinaBAL TIMORE, March C—Arr. steamer Parkersburg, and schr*. ANNiVERSARY.--The anniversary dinner- of the R. fl. Buntl*y, and War Steed, from New-York; snips Wash- ington, 60 days from Papaso, Chile; Milton, and Mary Russell,Kings County Medical Society took place at t^e^iawe- from Liverpool.WASHINGTON, March6.—BrigR.C.Dyerarr.atWilming- ton, N. C , on Sunday from Newport, Wales, with 237 tuns rail-THE GRAND JURY OF THJE .COURT or $iffiA&p^ road ironform of this offensive character,, it will operate like There shall aluo be an Auditing Burean,Mtho chief officer of TERMINER.—The following genleinett were->Mpw4 NORFOLK, March 6.-Arr. brig Kineo, 11 days from S tanother Wilmot Proviso, another .Nebraska bill, which 8hallbe the " Auditor of Accounts. This bureau »hall Jcbn's, P. R., with sugar and molasses. James D. Harks of Me. revise, audit and settle all ucconntB in which tho city is con- neled as the Grand Jttry for the present t&xmfWftWtf was lost overboard.another Lecompton, and the Northern wing of the cerned as debtor orcreditor; shall keep an account of each claim Court of Oyer and Terminer, yesterday: NEW-ORLEANS, March 5.—Arr. ships Baden, from Havre; Democracy will still further melt away under its for or against the corporation, and ofthe sum showed upon each, ' Tunis G. Bergen, Foreman; John D. Emmons, Morris Rey- Georje Washington, Northampton, from Liverpool; David Har-There is very little business for the Grand Jurvto do, There shall also be a Bureau in this Department of Supplies, and they will, therefore, have a short session, "- 'supportaswouldprovehis ruin. In fact,theironly plies." ThisBureaushallbochargedwiththeduty of furnish- ROBBERY OF'WHEAT.—The captain of thelightering and supplying the public rooms and offices of the Corporation,tho District Court-rooms. Engine, Hose, and Hook and Ladderhouses, and the public Markets with requisite fuel, stationery-printing, and all other things necessary therefor. . ing 108 bags ef wheat from the canal-boat TraMgar, of the Wett- CuARLKBTOy, March 0.—The steamship Columbia, Berry, hatTHE EXECUTION1orSTEVENS.—AttherequestoftheJ o h n T . W a i t , v i s i t e d R i c h m o n d , V i r g i n i a , t o e n d e a v o r p o l i c y w a s u r g e d l a s t W i n t e r , a y e a r a g o , b e f o r e t h e R e v i s e d O r d i n a n c e s o f 1 8 5 9 , i s h e r e b y u p p l i o d t o t h e B u r e a u f o r w h i c h a m o u n t $ 1 4 2 w a s p a i d . M e a n t i m e , t h o H a r b o r T o b o e g o temTransportationCo.,lyingattheAtlanticT>oek- ThewheatfriendH of Aaron Dwight Stevens, our townsman, Col. tricate itself from its perils. The plan is, ana long has " Superintendent of Markets," and bo charged with the duty of was transferred from the lighter on Sunday.-and sold to W . D. 37, sbip Sarah (of Boston) on nre. and abandoned. A brut and aJonej, propriel or of a feed-store in Fulton street, for $317, on if poBtdhle to have the executive authority of the Stat9 Senatorial debate on Brown's proposition for a Slave the collection of assessments, being in the Department of Fi- information of the robbery, and arrested the capUdu, Charleschange the prmiahment of Stevens from death to im- n onnance. Article 10, chapter 4, samo Revised Ordinances is op- Hurseck, Joseph Purcell, and John Harm. It appears that theCode. But the Slave-Code men would not be silenced. plied to the Bureau of Si caplttiu was employed by u notorious charactercalled "Buffalo npplios being in tho Dejpartiment of Fi-P « »ent for life. The mission, we understand; wasThey insisted on the question, and brought on the dis- nance, so far, as the same oau become appltiocaiible. Article 4. Bill," toconvey the wheat to the FultonFerry, inane performed hawba. ]tending to »bow that Stevens was one of the moat cussion at that time, and the ground work of the of Markets, so far as the same can become applicable.W p o k e n .guilty parbes m that atrocious foray. Col. Wait bearsa S S S S S j * tho mnsjo^ and bivalvolar fe«t ttnything that could b« Eaid in behalf ofthe criminal. Code for the Territories. To meet this demand in the the number and compensation of tho oflieeni. clsrks, or subor- broke out in a stable located in Busbwiok avenue, near Grand apparently 75 or W feet long.i ^ ^ j i S T W . to >>»yto«fc*tk. m«or |JJ^nwieh(CoBtt.}Aajcor*,M*x<jh8;I lea*t dwgerous manner, Brown's colleague, Jeif. dinatestherein ore hereby legalized, and shall remain in full iforceas^effect, jBotnothingJnthis'section,oriaanyof&9street, E. D., and communicated to'a tenement house belongin toHixrisenBftuxman,andoocupie4byAithttfWhitei«flD^'Bark William A. Armatrone, from China for Beaton, March 0,. offBaiiM>|t>t~[B7|dJU»tboatMaryTaylw(No.5). •I•••i J f * D p * W a t e r . — T o mini •«»a«wCARBON FILTFUNITED STATEDcpresent resolutions before the Senate was there laid.ceived from Gov. I^^her, and his willingness to hear sion. Brown and others again demanded a Slave Bureaux in the Department of Finance, or otherwise relatinrj toS K S . l ^ S S o l l ' ^ A n l w . 2 ^ p o S T S r ^% £ £ £ * Tb^njujidlil and u>rp»-lehoTM«i "attainment so U X S t ! m£*7 ^ t h o courteous attention that he re- The same subject was urged at the opening of this ses- New-York, and tho Board of Supervisors, creating or affootingThe bark A. H. Kimball, from Minltitlan for Boston, waa spoken by steamtug Huntress, Capt. Duvall, 25 miles S. E«.byE.'Mil " JOl H EUntitled DocumentSteamer New-London, Smith, New-London, mdse. and pass. of the Grand-street Railroad is to be commenced in a to E. H. RockwelL *^sary arrangements for holding primary elections in the various Assembly districts for delegates to the State Convention which is to eleot delegates to the National Republican Convention at Chicago.ELECTION OP OFFICERS OF THE BOARD OF EDUCA-TION.—The annual election of officers of the Board offolk, fcc ; bark Omega, Savannah; brig Imoirene, Peusacobw WIND—Sunset, S. E.Education took place at the monthly meeting of the the Bay. Wind E., light; weather clear.KockyMountaiaKetml The otScert and Executive rioj •Id headquarter*, corueir OraUiJ* ^HUtlSUA Y EvEJNiNG, X.M tbe eampaign of IStW. By order,/''. JUlil* ~ " T h e I l c v . Wi Will lecture onYOUNG Before the Burcb&rd Christ EVENING, March 8, at ~i o'clChurch. Tiole-ts,.» cent... ^Metlical A IN EVER* Kliby eae of the most eminent; A" Medicines at^Tkc Committee oJ AJDAY, March 12, iSrSO, a.z i " partie» interested will pleasei• MICILI 11.V.'G. ST..Napkin lvin«s.—tfci-.-t •ilver-platod, aud not' to bo » prices, retail or wholesale.LUCK -SjPajmonn's Kat aa*Has destroyed all the Coi-ki Yurk. Ihey recounueudit««v«ur used. Sold by all Dri:?g' T h e N o w F r i m a r y Mtuhtod in Broome-st., be», ^,^NEDonTHURSDAY, at 10 o'clock a. m. The l'*r/ w e s t e 4 in Jfublio EduoatiuuB y o r d e r o f tb<.< B __j^gyixo Maruur-L. SC 0, nilAmSn x ? ««e on CJWONDA Y March |12, a { : o'' Mueduct »«perimeat All I **«d without further noil;-e.FIRES,—At G{ o'clock on Monday evening, a fire ofthe Highlands, at 10 a. m., March 6; same time, saw a whale,Teutonio.. Nova-ScotlanThe itable war teteTy destroyed, ana".,tie !_„.„ ^«^-HIGH WATBR THlft DAT.Sloop Vigilant, Heath, Providence 2 days, mdse. to master.arr.atthisport,andreportspassingon8onday,4thInst,inlat-». Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069••••',±www.fultonhistory.com 