 & is*®*f,f.- vtK- 'HT,i „tejl •t^§„.^^~aHa )P disgciise it. No one man, $ f y i > f ^ # Mm-themcredmler who srgns aregicide f'dbctririesou ^divided into three clawujs, turned, if ever, after a long absence, with large purses and badlivers.-Money wi tb«beginmag-«ad«the end 'Ofalithmgswithfihepdwe*sthatruledinIndia* Like, supplies taken; frpm.anenemyandtturnedtocqwy oxrthe waraga^thim»etf,:;the rWcbee:of EDWostan weTer % generations, Tmscropuionsly extracted, and lavishly expended in Ehghmd to smotber;inquiry,aid peipetuw ate theM.power .of; the E ^ t India Company. "Justica bad been so long held captive by wealth, that eventhose who had a knowledge of-,tbe wretched adrninitf- tration of that Company felt a positive assurance that toattempttostemthetideoftheirmisrulewaaionlyto endeavorvainly,tostriveagainstinevitablefato»•Evea in the Britishparliament, when, at long intervals, some member, more Quixotic than wis*, would make effort* to discuss the demerits of any^more prommenjtact o£ oppression, the commencement of the uninteresting de- bate was invariably the signal for many honorable gentlemen to go to sleep, and fo* the rest to retire.The mutiny of the East India Company's^ native6NE^¥<^^BMLY TRIBUNE, WM^^^^^SMk MMm W m ^yyp^Yf^''*'g-whichaffordsfairpicturesof Terses.Thisisespecially'" ixtery^3fes«achnso#' J Mlievedbyhealthyhumanhate. After/readingthe Pagan Superstitions wh^cb:have'been per- muchdirt,leaf,bruisedseed,shellandsand,.thewhole while the Bostonians, by crowding theirp together* the best volume of Michelet, Louis XIV. et la Revo- have not space *0 "present extracts from, cent of its gross weight. The finest descriptions ofto appreciate their novelty and freshness in a stran- ger's eyes." into, its impure chaos, and who are better worth " than their ideas and their popular success." Like other great portraitists, Guizot reflects himself inhis work, which is always characteristic of himself, if not faithful in likeness to the subject. This is strikingly the case in his treatment of Lamennais, one of the most masterly portraits of the gallery. I regret that I have not room for a copy.extremely mteresting and valuable contribution to the history of the Italian question before the war. Rccits de VHistoire Romaine au V. Si&cle,. 8vo., by Amedee Thierry; and the fourth volume of Napo- leon's correspondence, which includes the campaign• t,Perhaps no other region on the earth's surface hastttxesquercity-view we have on the Atlantic Coast. The broad reaches of water, the cheerful suburbs on either hand, the long, gently-rising, brick hill inof Egypt.from any side, owing to her elevation, has a statelycharm which her prouder sisters do not possess. delight. There is no other point from which the" India is avast country," nearly nineteen hundred vice to.a legal gentleman of good standing, who, after political history of France: " La Jemnic seule miles long and fifteen hundred broad, and possessing, looking into the case, gave it as his opinion that theThe meteor or aerolite passed here at 9h. 35m. iothe evening, local time; 9h. 56m., New-York time. Itappeared to rise from the north-western horizon at a Ifceen peculiarly, A Boston Sunday, in Winter, is a day of sack- cloth and ashes. A foreigner would suppose there •was weekly fasting and prayer for some great na-tional calamity. Instead of an expression of thank* iulness for rest, of joy in the relaxation from toil, of happy because spontaneous devotion, the citywears a grim, sullen, funereal aspect, as if under- going the Sabbath perforce, but with a strong si- lent protest. In the bright summer weather of yesterday, however, the painful precision of the day was considerably relaxed, and the faces of the multitude exhibited a profane expression of cheer- fulness. The Rev. George W . Curtis occupied Theodore Parker*s pulpit, preaching to a congre- gation of more than three thousand. Eyis subjectwas "Modern Infidelity"—the lecture he deliv- ered last Winter, modified, however, to suit the occasion. This truly Protestant discourse cannot be heard too often. The criticisms to which the lecturer has been subjected are in themselves a full justification of his severest utterances. Taking their cue simply from' the title of the lecture, hisfrom the torrid zone to the arctic regions. Her inhab- itants, soil, and productions are all, like the climate, equally diverse} yet Europeans accustomed to West- ern ways of life, and without knowledge of any one of the many languages spoken throughout the land, and who have never traveled beyond the corporate limits of the cities of Calcutta, Madras, or Bombay,wife of her father's nephew, Mons. d'Etiolles, will sit down, with all necessary assurance, and writemoney at once. Defendant, much dejected, retired, zenith and set below the south-eastern horizon at a but returned a few days afterward, radiant with point S. 69° E. (magnetic.) The variation of the*ved more th^h le.appearance 0 entirely without ^Freeman's Jour,jjarge. >W e a r e s o r r y .1 [tive a drouth in' |of heavy clay laitte Champhvn laging8om»s 15(v badly parched i fanner near -Kni jfiveneres of me; I -from the whole On the othe: '^Ohio, complai* e much rain as tobeen harvest* J.The N*ic.-Or?<"KotforyojT»h1 xie&ced In the cent eonteouvnee ha? fit true'orTrxa*. ee*t>•In which lattwr K*C< more rain has be»-n -there aince tV I c«pti<>Dal case* T th« conditiou ot ib «cunti from vanotj •i»i-it)pi, Ark*:i--4« W»t< dlwcouragr.'goppr«*»rd by a <Jn the last mouth t..»- »UD o f a h x i c a t t e r n prtvalenc<« tiu •» •h:iv<«lc<i up r*ftn Con»equrncr?ofsu- Anotccr jiro Opinion, and a< except iiootn<-<ii; ure; and the «the weath« in manure early JU but there will bSo lad ba.> th Juries of ut-ve their reepectivvirgsome mm a citfetno, wb"M the failare 01 t the./ people 'e*t\ ingsatahutre&nd we read of in many f»l**>o. Of frequent \*cF ALL COI E. H. MH:S B8 follows: 'Ccorn that was of the field 1 planted just 6? in the gnvan< Tbore were :h cliatanoee li-n never looked I year. The vyb. been thrasfce*! average will fields turning grase, which «$ort of Ul« ecudells and *"m e l l r ;;*at«r>gliinps68, tbe g ^ TM ^ * 0 ^ 8 * ***to; spun by machinery.; That exported- has in; general^a VAntiquitS etauMoycn Age~-¥A&gc amd AstrologyWanted house-fronts far:toa^^;th« old oisgciBeitinte^n^^Jlian skeplacal-Vdiiairej^tfci f ;. „ t .r^es,iibbed wit^ficOtMo bou^a,; are.among UM&^^DEL iofTheN.Y-Tribune ,:BOSTOJ^ ;Jiily16,;i860. JS%cSr fcfttures, W s S 0 ^ M ^ ^ m ^ ^ m .Ion atourtier.andtheir wlatio» *»present and'^grows^ frorn^j^P^^^^^^P^^M^^^0>%^^^ m^mp^mmm^l^^]. •an average crop <ti about onebundre,^ pounds of cleanIt Is a fact that most of our railroad lines avofte beet scenery of the United States. \Vitv:fiber, to.^"'Spirits with- the aid of .several M^iunw." 6 Of *musiinfli-Joi Ind^ ars niade i s equal in;fineness • to theWe^re now Pp ° j season ofvague ax yieldfAugust if,: ;at Critical z >Iogy depe: rket.prce climate d- ei cut, sotiMssu'eperf cks in 1; I from which L o n g e s t i« cuttingr» & forteijth, the shock* ap night*, andt Eagliah Septuma really fin-t* it will uu.vt le cases1f»fi whole kingdom, a speculation as to tlthe 20th of Augrjsj There axe, bow* jfcajSfcudy of wbi<avestbe crop fronLane E -pL iscompa-a surface. 1Itikcreate lit.t he fine weather e Jb«i|dant yield, • tanceH, is impoe»i ' lErigland muet. 1mportationH. ' W Jot from Franc«; Top, and no graii ram the Danube.9 Russia, for we svas.much exs^rg atpected. Bat eh Sraxathe United £1every qaart we will have to s yza. tell just now •Elaboratereof for ppotS8*p>mbert; rxom Chicago to 1exoeption of a portion of the New-York a- ^ i ^ ?«moTO and Ohio, I cannot now "** **a B 4 spread their country residences over Stuteh LdandY "bauched, heartless, cniel man, in whose contempla-tion, as thus exposed, legitimate disgust is only re- -in Antiquity and the Middle A^ges,-'or Studies of the finebnt short fiber, but-it is badly cleaned, and contains>*l1 weitoo much buried from the «m and: aiy, tybe 6 healthy residences j but they -are none the; lessgivenby;%stt^eribrMaury, entitled La Magic et V jisttotogte dans is so short as to preclude the possibility of-its beingshoes, drag's him out from^h^• tte Hudson Biver, Pen»syNania Cent" "• "-*^TMe*. beautiful on that account,; The New-Yorkers shows Mm stripped to the naked truth—a little, de-««5dGfe-anyroad alongtheshoresof"theiSound*andhalf-wayupthe<Jbet^onit tra- Hudson,beautifyipgagreatextentofterritory, last,andtortheserviceoitisdoingtotheFrench, petuatedupJo,.thepresenttime. Sinceiimpurityaveragingfromtwentytotwenty-fiveperSiSSSiffl»ainBerkshire on a We-' ~ ^ " ^ % * « *>f*°& of landscape gardening? for, where so much is•cation de VEdict de Natites, prestige and fespect are no longer possible. -.He has told here Utile that is new in the way of fact, but he has told# in a new way. He writes history from the heart to the heart, "treatinghumanly the most human of sci-imperfect analysis ofr thisi~ . , j , .* «tte4faird of « 8 actual beauty. beautiful, the occasional anomalies and grotesque- Going eastwp » - ' lies of taste fail to •offimd;yotu' l u ! S r ^dwpees » « o n g the narrow dells of the The general impression which Boston and its en-genious but not fanciful philosopher,-'and an elegant from the wool than those of other sorts known in that ences," restoring life to history, making thtfr past writer. The -third and last volume of Louis country, and the natives being deficient in mechanicalT* »1**H*Hills,hurtthe*valkyof theCeenecticnt, vironsmadeuponmyfriesdswas thatofsubstan- r ^ t y so lovely, presents but ataaae appear- tial prosperity aad comfort. They also noticed itslive over again, and us live with' it, feel with it, Figuier's Histoire du' Mervcilleux dans les temps skill, cannot keepthe somewhat complicated saw gins,** Can this be Massachusetts—this/ barren region,-where it seems impossible for a farmer, with all hisindustry; to do more than barely live ?" *' Think horn while depressing the other to gore all whoIn this as in the preceding volume, Guizot- is thoroughly himself. No page lie ever sent to press is more vigorously, nervously1 written than this vol- ume sent to the printers in his seventy-third year. Nor in any stormiest Parliamentary debate, when from the hight of the tribune he defied and ruled the storm, was he more firm, stern, imperious, con- fident and arrogant than now. The terrible defeat of 1848, the forced inaction of the last twelve years, have not subdued his courage nor weakened his faith, nor cooled his zeal—nor even taught him charity toward other unsuccessful combatants. Hethe role not of a wise king and still less a pious one. climbed to gather the crop, and ihe slightest breeze of In_the second of the two translations, in this vol- wind, as the pods begin to open, scatters them downdoubt their greatness. The genuine Bostonian is remember that you have never heard the soil'of the most complacent of mortals. With his cleanmay have been performed, a simple little play inat old Hebrew marriage feasts. A severe critic in . In 1788, the East India Company, at the suggestiona moment," I answered, "and you will perhapsMassachusetts praised, but hex laws, her school system, her morals, and her men!" These it is that have made her what she is, while Virginia, fevered of Heaven in regard .to soil and climate,lms become the degenerate Spain of our Republic. Naturally, the eastern portion of Massachusetts, with the exception of the region about Wachuset, laid some points on the sea-coast, is neither beau-shirt on, and his umbrella under his arm, he sitsupon his pedestal of Quincy granite, and reads his• mild, unexceptionable newspaper. He believes inJudge Story and Daniel Webster, reads the poemsthe last number of the Correspondant says that M. of the spinners of England, commenced a series of Eenan has taken his theory, and his learned' argu- experiments calculated to improve the quality of cot-ments in its defense, from infidel German philolo- ton in India and promote its growth. These experi-gists. Whether the charge be well founded or not, ments, as was to be expected from the nature of theirit cannot be denied that Mr. Eenan, who seems to origin, and the general policy of those who carried be " rich enough to steal," makes elegant use of bis*langel-wurzel. estWda, ana io>. tifol nor picturesque. It is not only rough, withan indifferent vegetable development, but monot- eration for any particular class of men, excessive onous in its forms. The numerous lakes—or ponds, propriety is always a suspicious circumstance. I a s they are prosaically called—constitute a re- would sooner trust the ragged Christian who sits deeming feature. It is astonishing how the gleam in t i e hindmost pew, than the smoothly-shaven of water brightens the commonest landscape. Here, deacon whose nasal trumpet leads the hymn. Iago. There is good, reason to suppose that the Com- ton in quantities large enough to supply the market ot pany carried them on with the mere view of deluding the world at a price with which it would be hopelessthe people of Manchester and leading them to fancy to compete. India has lately received a portion of the that they were anxious to give them a cheap and attention which it merits from Great Britain. The abundant supply of cotton, but that in reality they work is far advanced, and the country will soon be in- never seriously gave the matter a thought. To the tersected with railways which will bring the most re- last of their reign it was always the aim of this singu- mote inland districts into communication with the portc" M. Augufcte Comte, the author of what has been to the age of twenty-one, and now sends into the thrown in the way to prevent those whom the Compa- ment of England the necessity of reducing the expenses called, and of what he himself called, Positive Philoso-; highly polished, policed, artificial world of Paris. ny's servants were pleased to designate as "adven- of^rnling India, or, at any rate, Oi discoverfag somephy, asked to see me. I had no acquaintance what- After having served for two years as<a foil to set off turers," from settling in the interior. Even after the other mode of raising revenue less objectionable than ever with him, and had never so much as heard Mai' however, where Nature has done comparatively little, Man has done a great deal. As you ap- proach Boafofo the roughest region is yet a regionof homdte- The granite boulders, so uusightly in a Seld.oi grain, become ornaments, when breaking the smooth turf of a lawn; the scrubby pines, trim- med and cared for, shoot into beautiful trees, and one elm, growing and expanding in the symmetry which freedom gives, is the glory of an entire land- scape. Man may sometimes deform, but he often- est improves Nature: it is mere cant to assert the contrary. And I know no better illustration of the met than the environs of Boston. .*LA s w e flashed past the quaint wooden cottages of Newton and Brighton, my friend asked: " Are those houses really meant for dwellings t They seem to me4oo sportive and toy-like, as if some- feody had been playing at village-making, putting down a house here and a house there, to see how|fc would look best.** This playful character of the villages never struck me before, but it is one which would naturally present itjfelfto an eye accustomed-to the solid, matter-of-fact, unlovely aspect of the country-towns of Europe. The m in urbe is a thing never seen in the Old "World, unless, rarely, in England. W e are too used to villages, where every house has its garden and its threshpld-trees,*front, crowied with the yellow dome of the State*. House, when seen in the tempered evening light,ander a cloudless sky, form an imposing and trulyattractive picture. New-York, from the bay, sug-gests commercial activity only; Philadelphia, fromthe Delaware, is the tamest of cities; but Boston,have sometimes wondered whether all the Boston-ians postpone their Parisian delights until afterdeath. Is there nothing volcanic under this coldlar corporation to keep India closed against all inter-must transfer one or two:. • / philosopher of a father has let grow, not educated, lopers of European descent; and every obstacle was chester will findmean8to impress upon the Govern-the explanation of which led me into a statement of the various phases of the Temperance reform. In Germany, where a Liquor Law would be not (the approach to Boston is almost the only pic- only an impossibility, but an incredibility, such clandestine dodges are unknown, arid I am afraid my friend's respect for the adrriinistration of thecrime, and whose only notion of the disgrace to be at- tached to knavery, lies not in the rascality itself, but in the clumsiness that leads to detection. There was a story current at Madras a few years ago, that will serve to illustrate the effrontry shown by the natives of India in matters legal. Two wealthy men quar- reled, about some family matter, and as it is not cus- tomary for them*to settle their disputes with sword or pistol,'as do the sons of higher latitudes, they parted, merely vowing eternal hatred to each other. A few months afterward, one of them commenced proceedings against the Other in the Supreme Court upon a bond and mortgage upon his property for 200,000 jrupees" explique fo- rhgne' effeminS de Louis XV-" from varying degrees of elevation and other causes, a matter was so clear that there was no use mcurruighave produced a smaller, but nearly perfect regionor a never s o : imp . American cpitton succeed well in India, and yield fair curious, ins.truaitaVe, agreeable work, I'.shall best average crops* The seeds of this kind, however, arebriefly indieateits three-fold merits by saying of the rougher, and in their nature more difficult to separate • author that he is an erudite archaeologist; > an in-of Hannah Gould and George Lunt, votes for Belland Everett, and hopes that he will go to Palis is not a man to ask the love of any one; from thestores of erudition, however come by.La Satise Humaine is one of the cleverest booksof the season. Its author, M.. Jules Noriac, pro- posed to himself two aims—first, to amuse his read- ers for two or three hours: secondly, to satirize some of the commonest and solemnest follies of so-tliwn out, were attended with but limited success, and were entirely abandoned about seven or eight yearsher uncultivated lands only wait the advent »of West-, era means, and Western heads and appliances, to set many millions of now idle hands to work to raise cot-faithful of his followers he exacts obedience; from when he dies. all honest men he must command respect. 'With me, however, who have been knocked Next to their value as illustrating the intellectual ah* nt the world too much to have any special ven- arid moral qualities of a superior man, what islaws in this country was somewhat lessened.\c . •COTTON CULTIVATION IN INDIA,To-day we have given to Charlestown and Cam-bridge—to Bunker Hill, Harvard, Mount Auburn,and the storied elms. I took my companions tosee the old house near the corner of Paneuil'Hall, the brothers Edmond and Jules Goncourt—twoand found nothing but a heap of rubbish: it had just been torn down. The view from the Monu- ment, which I saw for the first time, was a greatvicinity of Boston can be seen to such advantage. The first mistress, en .titre of this most Christian King by divine right, was Madame de• The event of the week will be the Commence-: Mailly; the second was her sister, the Counntess de ment at Harvard, and the inauguration Of Presir Vmtimille/whowas in turn dethroned by a third dent Felton. I had the pleasure of spending an sister, the Duchess of Chateauroux. After thisincestuous dynasty of harlotry, belonging to the evening with the Autocrat (whose scepter sprouts hereditary noblesse, the bourgeoisie ascended the into fresh blossoms every month), at the house of Royal bed in the person of Jane Antoinette, ille- gitimate daughter of Madame Poisson, adulterousIt passed near ili;th, in UrsalSCajor, between tha nature of the receipt, and as it dated a considerable and Zeta, Urea Minor. These points would*" make itefields, who has just returned from Europe, bring- ing additional treasures of art. Among these I may mention a head by Guido, a, present from Walter Savage Landor, and an exquisite picture of "Ariel on the Bat's back,", by Severn, the artist who nursed the dying Keats. Longfellow is spending the Summer at Nahant. Hawthorne is off on a trip to the Franconia Notch. Emerson is meditating in the classic shades of Concord, and Whittier so-journs in his quiet home at Amesbury. I hear of nothing new in literature since the last announce- ments.We are off to-morrow morning for the White Mountains. B. T.RECENT FRENCH LITERATURE.time back, the lawyer expressed great surprise that h ehad not been previously informed ef the existence of sovery important a document. Hia client informed himthat until that morning he' had thought the paper irre-coverably lost, as.it had been abstracted from his strong*box about the time that his opponent commenced the most beautiful, clear, white light, folly equal to the fall action; that he, himself, from peculiar delicacy, had moon. . . .It had a trail of bluish light behind it. which, at its greatest elevation, was from 8° to 12° in length.From Our Own Correspondent.. P A R I S , July 10, 1860.commentators—among them, to my knowledge,JKeverends—have not hesitated in denouncing it asa defense of Infidelity, whereas it is precisely thexeverse. It is simply a splendid denunciation - ofthat Intolerance, which, in its most un-Christian sidering the tame when, the time how long, and ciennes, and the intervening years, to the sameiorm, is. the curse of nine-tenths of our Christian «ects.the people by whom it has been believed, which guillotine where Marie Antoinette and poor Louis humanity ever yielded to.' The gods and demi- XVI. lay down their heads in account for the sins gods of classic mythology either symbolized the of her royal lover.ture of the transaction, and requested his client to favor two minutes—more nearly two minutes—after it dis-him witfi a private interview, at which that worthy appeared, a sound was heard like distant cannon. Allgeutleman made the following confession: "That he wno heard it compared it to distant cannon, none to thunder ."had neverin his life owed prosecutor a Bingle rupee, To all who heard it, except one, the sound seemed "and that the bond and mortgage were both fabri- to come from the direction in which the aerolite disap-In the afternoon, piloted by two poets, we drove forces of nature,' or had earned by fabulous good The two volumes of the brothers Goncourt, formup and down, through and around, the enchanting service to the worid the grateful devotion of simple an; unusually entertaining historico-biographical worshipers. Mumbo Jumbo sways the religious work, the result of considerable painstaking, consci- Southern suburbs. The filling up of Back Bay—a hopes, and fears of abject savages. ! It is the "most entious search after truth. .Itis eminently moral in its teachings, and in its expressions is as decent asintelligent** and the most skeptical of modern the nature of its subjects would possibly permit.Les Maitresses du Regent would seem from the title to. be a fit penda'nt to the above; but I can tell nothing about it beyond the title.To replenish their treasury they continued the old sys-'terns to which their predecessors in authority, the Mo- " cated; that he, in self-defense, was forced to have peared. One gentleman, a close observer too, said themunicipal work, second in magnitude only to thesifcted cf two reports in such quick succession that soma might mistake them for one souud. This double report was noticed by another.iraisingof the city of Chieago above its original nations, in the full noon of the most enlightened of level—first claimed our attention. The Boston of centuries, that still pays its blind homage of admi- the next half-eentury will cover the spacious plain ration to the shadow of a name, Lc Grand Mo-smost interesting in these memoirs are the pen andink sketches, sometimes of only aprominent feature, ciety. He has successfully attained both in hissometimes of the profile or full front portrait, of lively narration of the adventures of Master Eusebe distinguished people, whom their author has met., Martin, a young man of sound common sense andFrom several ot these, struck off with singular right feeling, utterly ignorant and innocent of the vigor of touch, if not successful as likenesses, I •ways of the world, whom a singular old doubtingof exportation. We are assured that the men of Man-stresses of Les Maitresses de Louis XV., the MisLouis XV., by those Siamese twins of literature,very readable volumes that should be read by anyone who is curious, not in dirty scandal and mere cpurt intrigues, but in the social andbeen the subject of more marvelous and inconsistenttales than India. In the words of a recent lecturer, ($100,000). Defendant applied for assistance and ad-Marchionesse" of Pompadour, and virtual Queen ofFrance. T o the bourgeoisie succeeded the canaille. .Out from the street and worse places caine—we cannot say rose—Mary Jane of no original family name* afterward Viscountess Dubarry, to preside over the carnivalesque orgies of Versailles, and the anointed Head of the House of Bourbon lay on herbosom.Madame de Mailly,'discarded, old arid ugly, "hadlong accounts about the particular capacity of the counrtry and people, for producing certain articles in locali-ties which they have never seen, and which may. differfrom the spots with which they are acquainted aawidely as does the State of Maine from that of Texas.We have lately had an instance of an error of thissort in the letter of a correspondent of Tite London suppose him careless in his worldly affairs in not hav-L&tftudeofElIicottvMe Meteor above the pole,.4HP 16; 36" 11°53°. W 26"grace to repent and die in hair«cloth. Going "Here is a fuss indeed for a -—7!" cried an irri-tated worshiper. The poor woman turned and Baid: "Since you know what she is, pray for her." The Pompadour—really an accomplished, if not " gifted" female-rconstantly menaced in her last years with the fate of her predecessors, was barely able to ward off the imminent danger and prop her waning influence oyer her keeper's mind by proeur-. ing for his pleasures. .But she finally dieUin herTimes, who at great length of words and figurestries to prove that rice is a more profitable croping looked better after a receipt for so large an amount,or that others, less charitable, should suppose him ca-pable of telling an untruth; that he had oftered a largereward among his acquaintances and servants for therecovery of the document, that it had been returnedprivately, and that his satisfaction in repossessing it,was so great that he did not much care about inquiringby whom. A Bhort time afterward, when the casecame on for trial, it was at once dismissed, with costs, appearance of darting at intervals.and a severe reprimand .to the prosecutor for such vex- The length of time from its rising to its setting waa atious litigation, as dragging a man into court upon the from 20 to 30 seconds.into church one day, she disturbed some persons: for the natives of India to cultivate than cotton,the late government of India,is the chief cause why so . The reputation of Louis XIV . as a great mon- palace bed. When Louis the Well Beloved, his life little cotton, oyer and above what is necessary to sup-Its apparent diameter was about one-third the diam- pretenee of a claim which had already been fully satis- eter of the full moon. Many would call it more, butarch is one of the most remarkable illusions, con- ran out in confluent small pox, the. Dubarry went round by the way of her luxurious house at Louve-ply the wants of the natives, has hitherto been pro-duced in that country. The habits of the Hindoos areso simple and their wants eo few, that indirect taxationcan extract from them but a small percentage of therevenue required to'be raised by so very extravagant asystem of rule as that 01 the late East India Company;fied. Defendant's lawyer, though he had gained his none less. One man is cettain that it was oblong inshape, and about three times as long as wide—none case, was not altogether satisfied with the genuine na- called it exactly round. From a minute and a half to*The Academy decreed the Gobert prize last Maythus created. Incipient streets already branch out narquc. It has persistently refused to eee that thefrom the bottom of the Common, and stately^stone e'evation of their idol was not in virtue of his nat- to a Histoire de Jeanne d'Arc, in two vols., 8vo., whether cropped% ot not, or if tho crop were tages under which they have hitherto laboredy thero to the north-east.dwellings, inLouis Quatorza style, are springing up ural stature; that he was upheld by Colbert, and of which a critic says: "M. Wallon narrates the short, or failed altogether, the tax was levied all the; are said to be some 5,000,000 acres annually planted. All who aaw it rise, agree in one particular, that"admirable life of. his heroine with warm sym- with magical rapidity. The extension of. Beacon Holiere, and Louvois and Kacine; that,, in that " fcathy, an ardent love of truth, and a remarkablewhen first seen it was no brighter than tho planet same. Another heavy drawback to the development After supplying her manufacturers with sufficient cot- Venus, but when it set its eplendor was almost as g w *street is the beginning of a Boston Fifth Avenue, Of which the eity is not a little pround.In her southern suburbs, however—in Roxbury, and the hill* beyond, and princely Brookline, and Brighton, Boston may challenge comparison withgorgeous procession down the course of his- " discrimination in the choice and judgment of re-tory, called the age of Louis XIV., it "latingdocuments-" Adramafoundedonthestorywas the magriificont escort of statesmen, poets, of the Maid of Orleans, written by Daniel Stern, was .upon the backs of miserable cattle often very great Britain,, beside considerable quantities to the various—-•*'SPEAKING or Docs.—Gov.Kandall of^WIsceM*11^wasrecently performed at the French theater at Turin, with, it is said, great deserved, applause. This is, I think, the first reputable French drama withdistances, during which transit it is sometimes seri-porta of China, Arabia, and the Persian Gulf.Some years ago, it was observed by a traveler in whether the "Dog Law" passed last Winter by thecaptains, golden-mouthed preachers, and gold-cast-ing architects, who made the brilliance of the pa-geant. The spectacle-loving French, gaziog up al- Jeanne d'Arc for the heroine. For the rest, Daniel river floods. .'recently favored with a letter—one of many-lnqniringHindoatan that, if the English were to leave India, Legislature of that State had baen «*#><** aad w w ia almost any city in the world. This undulating re- ways, have persistently refused tosee how the Grand Stern Pan hardly pass for full French. She (I It is an acknowledged fact that in India the cultiva- ," in a generation or two all the marks of their ever force. He ^ ^ ^ Q n u m t MA,»O*, July 6,i860.vNo JTMa MHLSTWSI r«fb*e to mrte the •wrlooe of obedience to tKw w&£«Biknow'thatIfItI.oaforoedltwill»*veto4pkn>, dotted with crystal ponds, superbly wooded, Idol's car rolled, spoke deep, in ashes and blood hardly'need inform your readers that Daniel Stern tion and manufacture of cotton has existed longer than•mansard-too^ is aportfolio crammed with deli- xrious pictures. The velvet turf,golden-green in Mroshise, tb» trim buckthorn" hedges, the trellisedsurpassed in the practice of Xh& Most Christian king. many, Switzerland, and Italy. There is still Europe conceived the idea of applying modern indus-anewHistoire deJeanne d'Arc, whichissimplyan ofexaggerationinthis,thereisatthesametimemuchAll this has been known of all men these many autobiography, if we are to trust to the title-page, try to the manufacture of cotton, India had matured truth concealed beneath it: Till lately India was, as it"having been there would be in the broken remains over the wasted Palatinate and. the wasted 'Ce- is the now. dc plume of the Countess Marie d'Agoult) in any other country,.and that five centuries before our "of beer-bottles so profusely scattered along the way-and covered for miles with country-scat* in eveiyconceivable style of architecture, from the once- vennes. Heathen Diocletian's persecution, revolu- was bom of French parents at- Frankfort, era the greater part of the clothing of the Hindoos was " sides and in the neighborhood of their various towns prev&leut Grecian temple to the now.fashionable tionary Marat's theoretical policy of "bipod, were and has passed many years of her life in Ger- made of this product. More than 2,000 years before " and military stations." Though there is a good dealyears,butithasnotbeenfelt. Storeof documents, whichdeclaresthatitwas "dictatedbyherselfto asystemofhand-Bpinning,weaving,anddying,whichshfiO«»ev«rrte*r,andiuortwwthenumV«rofWoolgro«r«x« were, a seakd book to the people of Great Britain. f^teSbFivtrr hun»n life lo»t by the bite of » dog (i worth%* tv. according to the-teachingmore serious worth is the volume ©f Jffi, Alfred very best Sea-Island, aad of still s t a g e r staple, but itand appreciate it by aid of salutary hostile and Modernes is entirely consecrated to animal mag- usedin America, in running order, and a?e consequently army has, however, harried forward a <xm«ummation, :friendly emotions—=as needful and fit assessors onj*oe.~ The chanxi of Spragfield—its semi-circular prim, proper English air, 80 strongly contrasted the trial of great historical human^cases, as cool, opments from and before the time of Mesmer up to nees of the shell on the seed, they can separate withthat, without the attention attracted to the country b yi of suburban villas—is invisible, and Mount with the semi-Parisian vivacity of New-York. Bos- Holyoke shows but a low, blue, triangular mass in ton, in fact, prides itself on- its Deportment: it is the north. nothing if not proper. All the ridicule which other*To one fresh from the exquisite pastoral scenery eities are in the habit of heapiog upon it does not «C Pennsylvania, so like mid-England in its smooth seem to disturb its equanimity in the least. I*do -fields, its hedgerows, and magnificent trees, the not' remember to have seen the Boston paperscountry between Springfield and Boston seems ex- greatly enraged by any hostile assertion, exceptand with the insurrections- at Paris and Lyons, and cotemporaries, predecessorsj and followers, which, est*. In Spring it has a most splendid appearance, the accessory Parliamentary debates* Cabinet on the historical side at least, is impartial and suffi- being then covered with a profusion of most beautifolxhances and changes, and policy of the period. ciently detailed to satisfy the curiosity of anyfifty years ago, rose to the power^of making and de-posing kings, and to rule over a rich and populous ter-ritory greater in extent than the whole of the UnitedStates east of the Mississippi Kiyer, have retiijed from& business that had Jong since far outgrown their ca-1pacity to manage with either honor or profit to them-selves or others. The executive power of India hasnow passed, nominally, to the crown, but in reality tothe people, of Great Britain. These people >want acheap and abundant supply of cotton; and, now thatthey have got the matter in their own hands, we mayrest assured that they will make every possible effortto obtain it. India possesses greater natural resource?for the production of cotton than can be found in anyother portion of the globe. The natives, both by na-ture and habits, are well suited for such work, and anynumber of laborers, male or female, can be employedat wages varying from four to -eix or eight cents for a . iStwith barl^v; day of ten hours work. Thousands of square miles ofoeedingh/ Weak and sterile. The rocky, gravelly soil; the gloomy woods of fir aad^me, of dwarfish 4eciduou* trees, the clap board villages, hinting o a new Western State rather than of one Of the -mothers of the Confederation, must disappoint, I jfcncy, those who visit New-England for thefirst tone. At least, this was the case with my friends.that the harbor sometimes freezes over: flien, they cry out in indignant wrath.I must say, I rather admire this stolid self-reli- ance and Novanglican assumption—if for nothing eke, at least because it shows a thicker; cuticle than w e excitable New-Y orkers possess, whose nerves are exposed to the atmosphere, or that of the morbidly sensitive Philadelphians, who ransack the Union for derogatory remarks, and exalt onerational "generalreader." ' t"#Lc Cantique des Cantiques, by the distinguishedscarlet flowers. The timber, though not durable, is very useful for making large canoes used by the na-netism, giving the history and criticism of its devel- forced to cultivate such species as from the smooth-indifferentjudgment. - r . the present day. M. Figuier does not regard ani- facility from the fiber. - % ,- delayed for generations yet to come. A long night ofThe third volume of Guizot's MSnioires is the his- mal magnetism as all humbug; but what Of its phe- darkness and extravagant misrule has just,; passed tory from his point of view, and with special relation nomena are not humbug, should find their explana- . The cotton tree is very abundant in various parts ofto himself, of Louis Philippe's'. Cabinet, from 1832 tion in Hypnotism. M. Figuier, apart from a India, but more especially ao in the province of Mala- away, and the dawn of better times and better thingsto: 1836. The last chapter, and a large part of the frankly-pronounced hostility to the supernatural in bar, where it forms, a very remarkable feature in the is already perceptible. The heirs and successors of appendix, is mainly taken up with the difficulties nature, is singularly free from prejudice. This con- landscape, towering," as it does, high above its neigh- generations of partners of a mercantile association that with the United States about the 25,000,000 treaty, cluding volume contains an account of Mesmer, his bors, be they ever so gigantic, in tho groves and for- from small beginnings, more than two hundred andThe first half of the volume is devoted, with a jus-tifiable degree of detail, to the best, most lasting,honorable, and fruitful work of Guizot's life—-his philologist and elegant critic, Ernest Eenan, is pre- tives for the navigation of the numerous rivers and excellent measures of Public Instruction, whichin- ceded^as was his translation of Job, by a remarka- lagoons in that country. The cotton, however, is al- cluded in their scone the inauguration of a system ble essay on the plan, age, and character of. the most totally valueless, as the fiber is too short to admit of primary education for the people and the re-constitution of the Academy of Moraland PoliticalSciences at the Institute.his aut-jec'. f"f Great Brii nnfavora'd n, and ur mby tli:i: e&tber. It forj ahboO| weatter. *tpoem, which was not originally Solomon's, nor a* of its being spun into any sort of thread; the trees, song, but a sort of drama, where that monarch fills moreover, are BOhigh that they cannot be convenientlyume the poem is restored to-its dramatic form, witht.l stage directions "—as Mr. Eenan' conjectures it for hundreds of yards around. Small quantities are,however, collected, but it is . only used for such pur- honor of true love, as a part of the entertainments poses as stuffing pillows and pads for pack-cattle.lava? No indulgence in improprieties, all the more^ spoken of. I received; him, and we conversed some the follies of its copventional and statute laws, our British Parliament, in 1833, upon renewing,the charter that of levying a heavy tax upon the land upon whichattractive,because secret?.Myfriendrelated to tame.BewishedthatIshouldhaveinstitutedforhim. }>oornaturalmangrowsawearyofitsfalsities,and oftheEastIndiaCompany,compelledthemtoallow isgrownthematerialonacheapandabundantsupplyme this morning an experience which he had inno- at the College of France, a Professorship of General ongs to get back and see the dog and big Caty, the Europeans free access to all parts of India, and permis- of which their hope of prosperity depends. > History of the Physical and Mathematical Sciences; bonne, and his kind old doubting father, who sentcently made. *' What a curious city this is!" he and to prove to me the necessity of it, he set forth him out on this hopeless search after what is dofini sion to occupy lands, the " adventurer" still continued The strong arm of national justice often strike* IxParmera ehoulexclaimed: "last night, while I was walking out clumsily and <x>nfasedly his views of man, society, tively real, and true, and right, and good. And in to be looked upon as of inferior caste, and to be sub- down the guilty from a quarter whence the blow wasalone, it occurred to me that a glass ef beer would civilization, religion, philosophy, history. He was a an auberge, where he stops one night on that rather jected to petty annoyances and the ill-conceakd hostil- least expected. The effects that must follow the stroke simple, honest, profoundly convinced man; devoted tobe a good thing for my thirst. So I looked here, his ideas, modest in appearance, although really swollen melancholy-journey home, he finds a greasy little ity of officials who presided in bureaus and legal courts which laid the East India Company in the dost, wiD and looked there, going through many streets, but with pride fan fond prodigieusementorgucitleuxj, and book in his chamber, and he sits up half the night where great discretionary powers were allowed in ad- ere long reach our shores, :# and eventually—even if nowho sincerely believed himself called to open a new to read it. '' Why, here is the real, and true, and ministering a badly-digested code of laws. Under the other power were working for the same desirable end every house was closed: only the churches were era to the human mind and to human societies. I had " good, that I have been so wide and rough a. way old regime a E;uropean merchant residing in any part ofopen. At last I stopped a man in the street, and some difficulty, while h'stening to him, to restrain the "in search otf"these two long years!" And in the the East India Company's territories; outside the im —extinguish American Slavery. With the immense said to him, in my imperfect English: *Is it "possi- expiession of my astonishment that a mind so vigorous morning he pays without question twenty francs to mediate limits of the three presidency towns, foundit plains of Hindostan, freed from an oppressive'tax, andshould he so harrow as not even to have a guhipse the astonished hostess for this dirty copy of the thrown open to Western enterprise, with canals, roadSj ble that in this great city I cannot get one small either of the nature of the facts he handled or of the New Testament, and hastens on to tell,about it to quite impossible to compel a dishonest native to pay and railways intersecting and'connecting a-teemingglass of beer?' 'Hush i' said the man, *comewith: questions he pronounced upon; that a nature so unself- ishly impartial should not be warned by hia own senti- me and I'll show you.' So we went through many ments, which were moral in - spite of nimself, of the3eznand and supp for breadstnlfd. ; W e a v e r y s b o i t o^r has a very short < prices rule. If t down. Ardihov pf^both countrie< ieein anut-sh'-iltp simple rule* tment. B j ^cbjr incoming s'^icnltnral aud a shrewd gjpeak, of course east one agricul termer's paper is aj& of proper prOjJPric*. May20 Ji 5B». id.91%. '01.Ha. lid.Ma.'2d 63a. ^d. 62a. 6d~The price is **quarter,'' or ei( jneaaure. Whea was lafct year at 1 Fricayin July bafehclfl of whealJwbile on the corII 702;603 bnsifti^great many tiiointerested in the flhs maintained. > H The aecnuntsfclimate ranging through every degree of temperature law charges, and that it would be wiser to pay the point N. 60° W. (magnetic), passed to the north of the « is expected tbstreets, until he stopped at a little dark door, and immoral falsity of his ideas." r . . for Sunday-schools. There is a love story in it, almost all trade is carried on by means of advancessaid 4go up.' Then he went away. I went up Guizot adds that he entered upon no discussion and it is French. made in cash, this necessarily proved an insuperablewith Cpmte, whose evident sincerity, devotion, and . Among the noticeable books published in Paris barrier to any extensive introduction of Western capi-one flight of steps: it was dark. Then I went up blindness, inspired a pitying respect, but that had since last April are: Les Paradis Artificiels, the another flight, and saw a lighted glass . door with ' he created the professorship in question, Comte anatornyof opium- and hasheesh drunkenaesa, bythe word 'Serenity' upon it; Inside were many was the last man whom he would have nominated Charles Baudelaire, the admirer of De Quincy, thetal. If in lands with good legal codes, and judges .speaking the, language of the litigants, we find the laws often badly administered, how much more must it be when the bench is occupied by foreigners, with a mongrel code, trying cases in a strange tongue, often through the medium of one, or even more, intepret-production.,' ••<;' ••it:-men, drinkiDg beer. I also drank a glass, but I was obliged to pay double price for it, and the beer was very bad." - 7,'to it. A long letter from Comte, printed in the ap- sympathetic translator of Edgar Poo* and author pendix to this volume, curious in itself, may be re- Of a volume of singular original poems, entitled garded as a. piece justificative of this portraiture. Fleurs du Mai. Lettres sur les affaires d'ltalie, byTHE METEOR.m3Of Michelet and Quinet, at one tame valua>1>. subpr- L. C. Farini, a volume made up of translations ofI laughed heartily over my friend's adventure, dinate auxiliaries in the carrying out of parts of Gui- various letters of the patriot Italian statesmen, ers, in the midst of a people who consider perjury noCorrespondence of The N. Y. Tribune. EixicoTTViLi.E, July 25, I860.*La*. 42° 16' 26", Ion. 78° 42' W . or Greenwich.I venture to eend the following facts <5bncerhing the meteor of July 20, although its- day has' passed, bejbhot the nine days during which it is legally a wonder. I was BO unfortunate as not to see it, and have de- layed sending oh any account of it until a great many observations had been compared, so that the communi- cation would contain only such data as are reliable, and on which calculations might be based. My method in collecting data has been to go with each observer to. the place where he saw the phenomenon, at nine in thoevening, and have him point Out the path of the me- teor among the stars; ahd I have been very agreeably surprised to find several gectlemen, living at a distance Of two or three miles from each other, who could not have compared notes, agreeing within a degree as to' its direction and greatest angle.of elevation.on June, as we &om The if ark-zot'B system* of Public Instruction, he writes: dating from 1849 to 1859, and originally addressedto Mr. Gladstone and other English statesmen, and " evil genius of their time has seduced and drawn to the editor Of a periodical published at Turin—an" T w o more rare and generous minds, whom thehis father. any sum for which he might become liable during theStill, La Betise Humaine is not exactly a book course of traffic; and as the natives are'poor, andpopulation willing to work for a mere percentage of what labor costs elsewhere, India, under her new regime, must stand unrivaled for the growth of a cropthat requires a great extent of surface, a warm diinate, and a large amount of. light manual labor in it?and that consequently the expectation, raised in other parts of the world, of an increased supply of that arti- cle from Hindbstan can never be realized. The "cor- respondent" entirely forgets the very forcible fact, that the land in India which grows cotton exceedingly well is entirely useless for growing rice.The grasping and short-sighted policy followed byIt had a ttoady, equable motion; that is, it seemed to move tfcrough equal spacesm equal times. Veryhighy light cirrous clouds lay in patches over the 'sky, above which all agree the meteor passed. These' clouds at times would partially obstruct its light, and gave it theously damaged or totally destroyed by heavy rains andmemoirs, and special and_ general histories, Sfc. " Ermance Dufaux, aged 14." Those who arein- has during all that period of time received no percepti- It was only known as a distant dependency that was moMihaaial th« dof» in the country. A manwho W not willittfxosee, the coinmingfing of pine, elm, maple, larch, Simotiy in d peyrat, and Voltaire—popular novels terestedin the question of its authenticityj can con* ble improvement. There are many species and varie-j tosacrifice 91 for hi» privilege, where »ogreat abenefit mayac- ruled by a rich and intolerant oligarchy, whose rela- I en*.10theSta^JJJcompliance withthe protlalona of theaot»fefl^ &M*I H««tfcWwr|W{ani ^11^^15.1•&&tett, »a4 fir in the groves, the unexpected I even, Hie Sue'* Jean Cavalicr-~were At hac4 tosuit the aew, improved e4$ou jn, ey0i of fte £\mties of cotton known in India, bn^ fpr Pjjft^oalpuj- \Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069••il&Wsmiles, and laid a receipt in fall before the lawyer,duly witnessed, signed, and executed, for the 200,000rupees. As there was no room to doubt the genuine guards of Ursa Minor, and about midway between Chinot previously said anything about it, lestpcople should" a receipt forged, and to pay witnesses to prove the sound eeemed to come from the north-west, and oon-guls, were accus omed to resort, and among otherslevied a land tax. This tax was never less, though " signature!"often more, than one-third of the gross value of theestimated worth of the crop at the place where raised.The charge upon an acre of cotton was from two tothree dollars; and if the ground were only plowed, Western capital; and notwithstanding the'disadvan- broad, which after a few minutes seemed to float awayThe cultivation of cotton in India is, at present, al- most entirely confined to the natives, unassisted byAfter the meteor had gone, some noticed a dark streak lyingalong the path pursued by the aerolite, seemingly as wide as a wagon-track, probably 3° or 4*of the resources of India is the want of roads and ton to clothe 170,000,000 of people, she exports annu- s when in the meridian. bridges, and the. necessity of transporting cotton allymorethanamillionand[ahalfof poundstoGroatthe horrid deeds of the mutineers,.might have been1needle at this place is 3j[° west, which would'make the true courses: rose N. 72£° W , set S. 72J° E.greatest altitude above the pole of the heavens at that time very nearly 11°.Greaie*t elevation of meteorThe nraleus or body of the aerolite was single, andehone w i t t an intense whit© fight, not dazzling, bat aWhen disappearing below the south-eastern horizon, it emitted sparks or balls of fire which one observer compared to a locomotive firing up in a dark night. Another observer^ who had a lower horizon, said that as it was setting it seemed to be falling to pieces, the pieces of different shapes and sizes. *- ..A jPerbape as poK.TTCTCAT: rUf^'^'i'f.fcr::Untitled DocumentL,>.:. ,»'ffli'mttt..^ai^j....a^.L^L;S.-.l .V-V.^.,v,-. • •"--•••'. - ..^1.—. •-mmwww.fultonhistory.com••Hta •• •MB 