 Conclusion of Judge Bouglw* SpeechintheSenate.q^eatioaa efgenerom feltowa are Bear3yf_BDor«»^jg-£_ ¥e^Im«rlca>-.«Go e ^ ' - ^ f S * g^ZivenfioaUon m to »^,B W t chaster to ecejwtesce. Hr Oeua pimciple of BO» uitBrvantion, whichto Item aid OpiaioBi of to IrtiOaof ibe Sbhnibto also dented aay kaowadge of another, or ever«tUheextendedt amteba^^d-m7^dteibU^ te th.would withdraw. Thai was, that aba Osaveettoa shouldftirlfitoi CoiveHtiop.WattUs' IkMBciatioB of tie SetfLwni8«€*SSiwa MOTMKiU 3BWT0R DAVIS' REftYTO WHMLA8, SVtct of Douglatf Speech « • theHe them tauntedOvr^pwiftiaxels. •WxamTOToa, May 18, I860.TbeCiiAiBstated if theapplausewasrepeatedthegal terles must be cleared.»BAT e raoconr or SSBSATOB noceua' aranta. >apeech of Judge Douglas ettgrossss the eattre con-wbea I caught hold of a part of the hatch ^caabad1 apoa it. Alter three hours bufiettog withmewaves,iirewbeatteg etfcrta, they i«e te ud deckured they wtuid settleveracity ia the Cr.aunal Court at she Datrict Mr.Black'B implied Qutt theWalkertotter,already prodnoed,waa not tatcnereferred tain tatowoeae which ootarred la Bowataa office. He aaea ef that letter, bat aad no knowledge cf any other.bearing tadhigh werda,ineatingatiadrinkingaaJf^'S'^-^*1 ° tsoa ofwhatbetotinabeforeUje^^^ WAU theymightbetakealatetheConfederacyeftaecotton Tieleftewtogstetomaatef-oftatkmotU»,andekegeneralrapeesBioa*thatitwillauk* soqndmanuponthe"almightyaigger- should,byasio »<ataeaeitPresident. H»feelinglOcttoMtoCaran* ceisTOBofeoddeate,bedeferreduatHateverydayefthe tuanaaana b-eegat down round* of applause froa tke meettag of the Chteago Coaveirtion. Yet to It la, and oawas aet apart for the District business. , THBNXWTOBKfOSTOTOSB0BTA1C1T10!*.rycouldnot-existthereunlessthepeopleoftheTerri-tory said so.-and it should exist If they did say so. He WM platrorm identical with the eaeoaa resolutions whtoh the aand. I thea weat a atareh ef sad aad telectedoathatconstrncttonoftheplatform.He(Mr.Dos Senateisnowaakedtoadopt.Hedidnotsupposethegen one manontheisland,andhetoldaettwas!aSglas) did not ask for that construction; be only asked that Uemen BOWadvocating these ta the Senate BBBSBor de- for tbe sun to come down from tbe iky totaybathaving Jttimatei that he knew ef one.Black.wtth owing big place te the Cabinet tobtegool offlcea with Gfcaey Joaea, waa bad beaa preaaaed anch a place f filled from Penney rvaaii. H e poraaaded Joaea taaccept the Chalraanealp af Ways and Meant, aad the premise of a foreign mission te Ilea ef % ao that Back ccoJdbarett. IhteaetUedtheaatofaerGeaaral,who sowlornh»temper,aad the eeauaittee, talakteg thte irrelevant matter, adjoorned tfll tomorrow, waes bothwin agate appear. jppocroasrS-_ Haaaoom, eoaairoetor at Mara laiaad NavyYard, CanfoTnla, has beam ordered to aanme fte ofeaaae office it IWtimocth, S. H.datteamsa from Mtetiisippi protesting against that principle, aor from Alabama, South Carolina, Geor sta, or from aay other SouOierD Stele. Bat we are ao* tote told that the platform which was adopted by the QsaaimouavowIn1866irsounsoundand sorottenfour years after sa to just'fy the very Stetei adopting it then to breaking up the very party, because fWinsist upon ad- itering to tt now. Not oa|y did the party rmanltaovaly -affirmthisdoctrinein1€66.but the candidatesaccepted on that platform, with a construction which they them- selves put upon it, aad which is the same aa he (Mr. Dou- glas)haseverplaceduponit [Mr.Buchanan'a letterofThePresideBtbaaappetetodGeargeC.Tbejaat,«fthe War rtepartmeat, adjotaat of the mi'Jtla of the Datric* of Columbia, under the new law.O a r W a a a tnejtom CorraB*e>aaCeaee.WAacsoTOw, May l i , I860. Mr.Douglatin HU0*» DtfoHt-His Bfimg PoInUaadlaat there was rMr. Dot-cms resumed. He wonld not say Mr. TaactyandhAassociatesmeantdisunion. Itwaasaid thattheorders of Gen. Scott before the battle ef ONTO Gordo got near to the beach; but couldwere a complete history of the battle after it waa foaght, count of tbe surf andsotheprogrammeofMr.Yancey,pubhahedtwo bnttakeabackyears ago, is a truthful history of the aaosastoa BBore- a with one ofmeat at Charleston. He bad not tbe idea that ell those this acaaeat a heavy awho united with bim to maturing these measures concur feat oa the ahors, where I redintheobjectstowhtohtheyinevitablyled;batwhat about nine o'etock la the morning. Oa wereMr.Yanoey'ameasures?Theyweretoiaetotcma Ihadgreatdifficultytaclearing ay sfta*KEW TOR* fiEEALD, THURSDAY, MAY 17, 1860.-TBgLS SHEET,.QKEWS PBOM WASHlNerON. myeach h a termer* toattmoay, aSwr oerateteBt-, orcr- potKcai hooaobb>g ef rmtaaater I W J , » J J J would have been the first to defead A But we « £ ne : tethaSoutheraCkmfexi«*i.y. If they did fa** servicea^yeareti to ei<aK. quacea Uui wrtaesa. Iking ateai«V»off ^a J Kea T ::k t 2 | A clearly »*bltet£2i ^ J , tear thU ihte reoCTtei SefiiiiBcyJa a toed^^"^loo,a«c«.with rktercraen^gSSS^^L£i^i *e a measure af value te the *?'£''*j ^ * l " 1 £ £ he_^y .^srauhadaaaey*ar»tbeb»jt.fitof thaaewho Meaazxeiath**\ Chit, add perhaps, after a lime, ^srgtels Teaaesses, IHftAWfCBe A T B X l - I O T A t WBACK Q »K»atecky aad Ifteaouri woola be aocsd eaoogn to coae Uueejeartpast,withsuch ^ ^ S ^ ^ ^ t t ^ k"of1aa,e»nrat7easibtienagbtheaale»v^er*y,pshftutmrsj>n,jea»**-^d,t^o iaeachama&atr aatobeeatadtohisrespect,thenOIOIBO—THs BB10 rttlNC^ Jfl BOTAJ - swps-Loasoruii,arc.,**- »*^aY awryiu^Btrtheexpeaae.'VeryexpeaatveboyaMewa hope Ita thehiatoryofin thepreeaadter,of ^will befound a'eteaaa te If**. AUveatioa a t Cthat Alabama asat delegate* to Cincinnati demand-aad air.DotateaxaateaalOoa- wiU rememberthe *-o arrivedyesterdaytotheKarat* _ ship Cicero of 1.000 uaa bnrdea,the 23d adyaad1 TMw witt S^f^S^L ^35»?ttaSolTherorsglaamenexpecttomeaaaiatancefrom«t^?!r' Ba*raofSeward at Chiang*; but the nana en Sowtteralief "ram that quarterwere "declared as IIIUBBBBII "^taeatotoaaly. The vote in, BOWshe has got free toil? Wlllheellow Kentucky to was taken by States, asm erery daiegssam froa join wben she seeds here scxh abolitimiato af Oaf aad every State was uninimats. There was not one Critterden I beg pardon ot the Senator from Kentucky••JUtta. WABm-tiioN,Mayla,citegtoxcanA ceteKcateBUeB waa received fram t a a Interior l a - •axtaaaal relative te the Indian dejwedetieae te OalfaralaTHBAnamtcox orEJUOJUSnno!»«witw.Mr. eataw, (deaa. ) of Mo.,f>amtlaCtrmB^tteaaaTer- rttoriea, reported the Bonae bill for the adatiaatoa af Kan-e God the whole American people were jaat such aboilaaa wtthest reoommeadatioa. Ba gave aotiw that he acceptance waa read.] Mr. Buchanan not only accepted of the poHtteteae. Mtay of h * mos'. bitter Bit TFenA 0»e-3ke Iff* Terk Exprm (kmxgomifint, Be weutd introduce sereroi ameadmeate designed te fWOtott CB the platform, but be ass kind enough to toll the peo- tie regar»•*••uraoswerebie,aadnotatawhave foretSiCevadeCsamittes,«fe. thertgbteafthepeopleoftheBeTeralStetea,aadtocar-Iplewhatitmeant,andthatttmeant"fiatthepeopleofrat openly la art favor, among whom may be Saamy Wel"er would caU it "a worry surioua colnci- a Territory, like those of a State, should decide tor themry out ia good faith the treaties wish the Indian tribes selves whether slavery should or should aot exist within ,Jadge Terry, of Marylaad, s a l Jerry Ctemeas,e? deace ' that the appoiatod Soaatoriil apeoch of Mr. Doug- •Made the special order for Wednesday or next weak. their litulte." This was squatter sovereignty te as11waaundoubtedly tb*greatestapeech»f teaindefenceofiliapositionbefore tbsdemoeracy asa OamotionofMr.Baowy,(dem.)orMies.,Saturdayseat broa-testform. MrBuchanantoldthepeopletha.slave-naltortoa, aad tae prertdiag officer waa obliged ta an thte very day, WBSB the republteaa party are taking Mr. Bain, (rep.) of N. H , offered a retohition that the it be readopted, aad tot it construe itself. But Mr. sire disunion He acquitted every man of such a pur- to get to the wreck to rescue the crew Asea earn* rostmsatex General iaform the Senate wbea the Fast Buchanan was sound on that platform in lead, with a con- pose; but such a platform iasiated upon would lead di- o'etock wa saw a part ef the vessel tirmtei, that if repeated no would order the gallertas ta be their poaaton for the Preaideatial fight, the Senator from Office DepaitmeBt first had kaowledga of the aHegad de- struction identical with that which is now denounced as rectly to a daBBBaattoa of the Union. Tha platform de the two mates and fourteen sailors clingtng to it Tki Hal deauacatioa of Yaaooy aad disuoioa waa Illinois, the special champion on the eae aide, aad the par- falcation tn the New York Post anioe, and whether the heresy. The dlatinguished gentleman who was nominated meads Congressional intervention to the Territories for bad a hard struggle of it, but landed safety On WZiticular atombiiog block oa the other, or the democratic frUnirt eociiter bJa vtadtcatioB of pop-iiar party, ia dedaing hia position at Wash egton.Sixth Auditor had faithlully earned out the provteteM of the act of Match, 1861. Adopted.FDBJJC COVHUCIS. Mr.Pa\:t>introducedabilltoregulate publiccon-tracts.THBORBUO*15EWABHEKJIOHWiBBBET. Mr.L*5X,(dem)ofOregon,movedto takeupthe OregonaadWashingtonWarbill. Madethespecialorder-for Monday week.res P.U M X Tax REIJST 3? A>B03 DABT.The coneideratioB of the bill for the relief ol Ansonon the same ticket understood the platform to the same slavery, in cer^in events. In the event that the people nesday. May 2, we found the body of Captato gauu SM way, and after the nomination he returned to his home at of the Territory do aot want slavery, aad will not provide buried him on the beach inCauenang Key, and aaTr I/xirgtoa, Ky.; and wben his neighbors assembled to by law for its introduction and protection, Congress Is to day w e fount the body of Mr. Paaasy. We bariaa baaand Mrretarded a* tally justifiable.eevereigniyperfect,aadaleexposeoftheaeoeaaioBtae •aadtiiattag. The repcbBcaaa chuekle with the idea of a widerbreachinthedemocracy.!arwAR»'»tWAtK*)roaTUBHOHCTATION.r m DOWasserted Utet the friends cf Chase will go far"aware—at toast thai Chase will tarn them over teeorgiatulatehimonhisgoodfortune,Mr.Breckinridge made a speech in reply, showing how he understood the KansasbillandtheCincinnatiplatform. [PartofMr. Breckinridge's Lexingtonspeech wisread.] He(ar. Douglas)stoodonthatplatformBOW,andsahehad had difficulty ta harmonizing with his political friends with respect to a platform, h e now tendered them Mr. •uebsnana letter of acceptance and Mr. Breckinridge's Lexington speech of acceptance, lettTng each one construeSledgeitselftopasslawstoforce.thepeopletehaveit o leng as the people want slavery, they are wilhng to letthemalone; bntwbentheydoaotwealIt,then Congresswillintervenetoforceslaveryonaaunwilling people. Oatheotherhead, therepublicanpartyare also for intervention in certain conditions. They aretorBOB intervention just so long sa the people do aot want slavery, and say so, by law; bnt whenever the people of the Ter- ritories say by their Legislatures tbat they do want slaveReward so far aa ha can control their vote* in the Cbica„ tried aad approved, a man whohaa raised a genera! re*-, ge CesveatioB. Tan important anangement waa effected a pugiltttic or political gladiator, a man who haa auc:eesively held at bay his enemies wbea arratgaad for a p ou- ' war rag i t * raoaat volt of Gorerncr Chaae to thia city, tt nc trial, ane when rising tc speak ia hie own defence, and.wiB,itabelieved,aacureSeward'snomination. Seward eapecaUywaenknowntobeamanwtiocandefeadh'.m 1*4 » bargain for Cameron'a strength in the Convention self, a sure to draw a crowded houae, aad would drawjustae ago, bat the parties who made It intended t» even if the ticket of aomiaion were pet up at the high ta*at Seward at the time tt was mado, aad Seward anew figure of the concerto oi Jenny line.Dart was returned.Mr. Dooi ins, (rep ) of Wis., trged the passage of the it for himself. He would not dot an "i" orcrotaa " t ' ry, thea the republicans are for intervening to depriveTheg>lleriesar»filledwithaverybrUUantandfasb- ionable audience. the anaeroua approaches to the galle rieaareblockedup,almostaqaorcmofthemeaberaof theHouaeofRepresentativesiaeithefloorbeiom•forhia connectionwiinthepeculiaraadBaamaatous demoira^c a aia haa made him the moat conspicuous man, not only of the Henate, but of the whole country. A sua of plock,ontbesamespot. Tbetodyaadtheotheraaawaaavw round. We then proceeded to Nassau, N. F., where ta* AmericanConsulprovide1oawithclothingandsrocorec rorusapaaaageto.NewYorkintheroyalmailrteaasttic Karnak,onwhanwereceived kind stft'nai fraath* captaiB, crew and passengers.H. K. HdttmON, Steward. Tbe foliowleg is a complete list of all drowned by ihasad catastrophe —' oftheCicero.hill. Will gentlemen take their own language? HewaawiHmgto them of it. K»ch of yon is la favor of i aterreatog forMr. LAM rejoined, taviBg it was an attempt on tae part be accommodatiag He would not insist oa a platform from your own section, a a d agataet it when non intervention Texaa,Mr.Douglasiseminentlytheman,toe,foramiesmeetlog Pcaeeasiag a clear, strong voice, he employs .t with-out stint, gi ing a telling empaiais to every telLag rord,and permitting aot a syllable to be loat the genera! expectation ia that Mr. Douglas will carry the war intoAfrica, that he will score tne tire eaters ato a Kite of ex-citement and wrath, that will make a hot day a work of Itbefore wearethrough. Batthis itcotapparent fro-ntheopeningofMr.Douglas. Ontheoentrary,ttIse-vi-det.ttuabiaobjectiaatmplyadefenceftomtherecordofthedemocraticdoctrineof "popularsovereignly,'"aenatteraovereigaty, orCongreaetona!non-infcsrveafoundthemworthless,andneveractedonthem. THB O'lKIA.NI) M A .t HI1X.Without further action, the special order being the Overland Mai) bill, it was taken up, and made the special euer for one o'clock to morrow.Mr. lmvia', (dam ) of MKs.. resolutions came up. COVtWATXiV Or THB SPKBCTI OT MB, DOl'GLABMrDorciAS.(dem.)of111.,resumedhisremarks. He expressedblathankaforthecourtesyshownInallowing himfcpostponebisremark!tilltoday,andfearedthat hemightbeunabletoaayallhewishedto-day,teoonae- queoceofasuddenattackofadtoeaeecontracted soma yearsago,inspeakingintheopen air,defending theaespect,andnotforthepurposeafcondemnationorplacing sionf.prejudicesandambitionofits ownsection, against aaddeckkadotcattle,aftMowYak any man in a falae position. If these gentlemen gaud the peace and harsaoay of the whole oountry. l e t this theae Iatanda. Nothing noticeabletwo Thuagoing back to theyeariMti,andthesqaa:rollingoa,tillthe rstatagoftea30th,wheaatj about seven o'clock, a heavy seaeuuck theveeaei,tarn[From tbe Nassau Guardian. April 26 Theabandonedslaver,whichwelatelynoucedmbe*f ashoreonAndrea Mdaad,was broughthere underjay rretidfnt,asderoneapecionapretimwandanother,tooverandoreragainateverysessionofCongresssincaproper.Tbinamendmentwasrejectedontwogrounds;iftheCincinnatiplatform. Now,hewasaoseparatethem,IihewasshowntobewrongitwonldmasteonMonday.Sheisafineveaael,ofabout100tatarora debtofmlilioaa,howloafwouldittakehiaat haveheardthiaargumentofMr.Donglaabefore. Itlaa theIntentaadmeaningofCongresstoallowthepeople three dajs' debate theparty determined by an recapitulation ofoldthings, recapitulated onthlafloor eithertointroduceorexcludeslavery,aatheyseeftand overwhelming majority in favor of a readoptioni•-.•under bOHons among his adherenaf Give at the man, the year of grw* 186a The cream of thia speech w.ll one was it was irrelevant as sppended o a State bill, and knger a heretic : he w ss no longer an out'awonly prove that they were better lawyers, aot better burthen, and has apparently beea built about tores yean. democrats, than he was. Tbe fate of the American She Is furaahed with alave deck staaehkas; and mit- people was involved to this issue, ff the doc ral tierces of rice, bestowswater casks,werefoundesJBO.PryorNo.3T. Warren Street Battre Maryland, left Baltre on the 28th Jaay MM, for & A. LaguayraSouth Americathry say, who pare* hia way to power, and in power, perhaps come in aC the end. We shall perhaps return a the other ground was that it waa an ad. of usurpation by •eaeontoreceiveIt M m ^ Congress to attempt to adjudicate t$ameaning of thatwith gold. This logic, potential aa it may be with a noisy F. William Walker, edr>'Sep°n<lellt of the New York Territorial bill: that It belonged to the courts to decide aafrom tbe democratic party; he was ao longer arebel againat democratic power. The CharlestonConvention repudiated this new teat contained ia the cau- trine of intervention prevailed, the " impressibleboard. No books or papers were discovered, battat followinglineswerewrittenonthebeams—aw, a?aotthoughttobeconvincingwiththePenuylva aa Pctch, and the great mass of boneat rotors, who cire *a*T for a wise, hone*, economical administrationtothe meaning,aad nottotheSenate and Houaeof Representitivea Nonanintimated thattheamend- ment did not contain the true meaning of the Kansas bill, but they said they would not by act of Congress exJelected,ha wouldmake anultra abolitiona ianymoneyfromsaidWendellinviewofthe9arvicea u dicated. the witness (Walker) poeltlvely replied,"No; tt it h e h a d n e v e r , i a a n y s h a p e o r f o r m , r e c e i v e d a n y m o n - ymeatdeclared itwasthetrue intentandmeaningof thepartyhasconcludednottochaagefromitspositionof1866? Were hia frieeds around him gomg to desert the the bill, but' iiey assigned ae » M^ejt that it was Mrli r r e l e v a n t a n d a u s u r p a t i o n o f p o w e r . M r . B a y a r d ^ ^ ~ r : t i e p a r t y h a s n c 4 c h a n f s i a s s u d d e n l y a sMr.HALS,(rep.)ofN.H.,movedthatwhentheSenate adjournItbetomeetto-morrow,attwoP.M,aaheun d e r s t o o d t h e r e w o u l d b e a r e c e p t i o n o f t h e J a p a n e s e t oWhite ANDa m w . r a t i o n , l a e n t i r e l y m i s t a k e n . H e w o u l d d o n ortat v bis only hope. The people will never do it. MJtDAXB B-tTBB.ItiesaidthatthereasonGreeleygoesforUadameBites •Abecaose tt comes tae nearest of anything to realizing hia IKW6ofwoman'srights JudgeDouglassaysthatGreeley re taaeatiy practical and thia proves it. He cannot hiveontneeccre of general good will" The witness a-is and banished from Congress forever, and which they mocratic party. (Laughter and applause in the eaileri oa.) to be corrected. He set out with arraigning everyboly's tbe arrivals at the Aster House yesterday.tfcec. If you deaire any office, he would certainly appoint upon trust We suspect, too, that other men with lar^e tchemca before Congress do the same thing, and tintj e-i Miniater to Esglaad, just to get rid of you, making the these perquisites among newspaper correspondents areraJy condition that you ahoul 1 remain away the whole nothing new.points—platform, organize ion, and, least of all, the individual. I say least of all, for my friends who know me best, know that I had no persona; design or per- sonal desire or wish for the nomination. Tney know I would prefer a seat in the Senate for the next six years to being President. They know m y name wouldneverhivebeentenderedatCharlestonexceptfor tbe attempt to proscribe me as a heretic too unsound tocolleague to the courts to find out. The ftct that he re that had any gentleman, friend or foe, received a ma party. His votes in Congress were in pursuance of ther a i h e would only b e nominated if there should be mani; eted a strong popular feeling In hia favor. Of thai theyl ad BO fear; s o they remained quiet. Meanwhile, Sew-ard t forces ware steadily marshalling for the Convention; the intelligent and expressive countenancaaat New York baa canted a deep sensatkm¥r££5v*P ^ J J * ^ . « W u * Mr Pran ETON, (dem ) of Ohio, presented reaotutioni of adly fine, aad the manner ta ^ c ^ J f J ! , eSSiaatkawe eeea ao oalvaraau* aatewed aa Mr. I * , * , .Yoa w«U reaamba what a aoba waa made throughjapan by the Holy Father's missionaries, andjsecondlv, from Mtesissfppi said thte doctrine had its fire1 trial tbefr bloody extermination, including S t Francis Xavier cBthepiaiaaaf Kansas, and bore its first fruits there,letter, Mr. Yancey says he cannot trust such States sa lorBBBttOB. Delaware, regarding ber aa anti shivery, ia which he dtf-tra^soatomes, which are " ^ - J ^ 'a J , aa got up in adBairaaa style- T ae opera • * « ^ i r e o r .Scrmnelr, ' " ^ ' " ^ c ^ ^ u a d e r 1 VSmm rectoeisandeffect ^J"0?"!^- TB-IJd there«« of Mr. Muller, wss to good ****£*£* •*!***> little wanting to oonatitote tbe performance •_-"-Jf, ZSigrtZwee, of course, for a •'•*"e WH leB- m ^ f ! e r B t f thla character, which requires stach^ru-e. %V^£iticttc*. » will berepeated toajght'T wtUKrformed^aiB at the aofteaTnlitnrdav^ J1 - ,n " / J ' ' * , TZHHrVZ*" • • • • *toesad all We have BOreason to fear any anch disaster in th* caw;batwedare saythatourtradewiththeJa- panese iatanda will never indemnify the treasury from the eastern bouse for the expenses of thla mimion.But the Japanese are not the only sensation of bad day. The report that George Sanders haisoJeredunderthe knife of the guillotine, as the Navy Agent of N'ew York,and deasribed its legitimate fruits aa resulting in an- archy,violence, bloodshed andeveryimaginableevi' and President Perce says tbeee sots were abuses of the' principle of popular sovereignty and abuses of the act and the principle itself ia by no means responsible for these abuses, a 1 he (Mr. Douglas) h i t to » T in aniwertothe aUega«icaofthe 8enatoris,that bvthemfe»every much frcm the Senator from Delaware, (Mr. Bajard),who thinks Delaware baasuohaninteresttn slavery that he Is willing to break up the democratic par- ty ia order to save tt. Ho cannot trust Maryland, be- cause she keeps sa abolitionist in Congress; nor Missouri, beciwe tbe installed a free sailer; nor Tennesee, bscsuse (bekeptan abolitionist hitheSenate solong:aorKec- tnrky, because ror ao many vearssbi sustained suchTEX rXBSTCXNT'S PBOTSST BTBBSAGBMr. HIC-RBAW, /A. L. dem.) of Pa.. made aa ineffectual efforttotakeupthe>reportoftheJudiciaryr>w"«*frr.onthe Pre s---de nt's protestSARTT OV PAS8B0TGBB9 O S BOARD STEAMERS,Tbe Hoese proceeded to tbe consideration ef the billto provide for the addttieaal safety ef the passengers of ves- selspropelledwhollyortapartbysteam.«reepte waaa be prepared to haBara that, although hefled aba eaaatry to avoid arrest aad praaacattoayet aetumei*eatoltimatery,oathe final settlement ofhiaaooefakatkacoeaa, not to be a debtor at all, bat « crodltat or the and the repc*t that a deficit has been discovered in your goveraavct Yettuck,IwisInformed*few d*ya,--Cc, cityrt*matte.'Fowleraoffljia]accountsofM5O'Mare thiBgawhich iatbtacommunityofofficeholdersaadoffice Beeicers, divide the hoaort of the day w th the iUcariooatborlty cf the chief under whom be held the high affice ofSecretary cf War, they were abuses. Be was amazed free sellers ss Cliy and Crittenden, (Laughter in theVarious amendments were proposed and ajaenssed,wben tbe farther coafiMeratioa w as rjcexpoaed till to- « besasreTtaw prestet Italian tjpera i****^^by Attcrsey Geaeral Black, in the fact nra COVOOB Trnerrairfx.aaracomplexkmed gentlemen from the eastern aide of *iebetr»ra«r«c*isgFoTlsr,thewadoaoftaenon "f which he was a rutaig spirit, as evidence thu the principle which brought tbatairasnwtration inn esister-e w»iaTic.o>;B tz.t danierc-is ,ae. H* iae ifa. the S*ca frv:a/*f'Trr;rr'eaihet'err :£«coctrre,\rit£>Mt«Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069i"be extract was read ] He does not ask tbe border States to join tbe Southern fonfeieracv at f rst F» asks :.*•.» Old Dominion to remain with ua to, a**** tta* »heThetcrodeCoa&vttee,hariBfrc**»d JlgJ 3*:i!ifcat Mr Sthaa^'e we;ii t??i f» ^efo»*e thers to-liy, fieNew Yaaa HSBILT) n re"">aim*c 1-?g onerfiavrva,waabeforethet»ovod» Committeeto-daytoneoingthereportthathehadreceivedsometwenty-fivehun-dred dollars from Cornelius Wendell, ia consideratka ofthe services of laid Walker in bebali of the Kensas J.v pound the bill. [Extracts [of the debates were read, compton till in the Senate and of that of the Engnth b 11 and the vote by which it was rejected—11 to 34.] Thuscusreso'uticts,byavoteor27majoritytoaffirmtbeCin- cinnatiplatformisothathewassustainedbythepartyso far as the platform was concerned. Tbe question now is whether the Senator from Mississippi will again acqatsaoe In the decision of his party, or is he going to retire fromconflict"wouldcontinueuntil onesection wassubdned bytheother,orobligedtoseparateinordertolis-cquietly. Non-intervention ia the only principle tint w,l.enable us to lire together harmoniously. It is the only Battre. £6 Oct | 66 Dinner under which all conservative men can unite.ran fASCra TT nit. SBWABD I? SIBCTID.It a but juat to air. Seward to say that the idea that* in the House. On being askel if he had ever received ft appears that those who voted for the Trumbuil amend tbe party, and boll its nomination to break it up, becauseLaguayra, S. A.0 I Bob WbrtebedO U BT1 l y sNames of makers of stove: Hayward, Btrtlel * 0»,Baltimore.P e r s o n a l I n t e l l i g e n c e .Hon. R J. Isgersoli, of Connecttcat, ex Minister tolas Court of Ruseta; W. B. Wcoster, E>q . of Conner inrt; A Miaard, Esq., of New York, and Prcvessor E A. DarB,ofBoston,arestoppingattheUnionI'laoeHotel.Gov.Barstow,ofWisconsin;J Hoibrook,Esq.oi Washington D.C;Col.Allen,ofBoaton;C0 Simpson, to do particularly: but that Mr. Wendell, baing a libe.-al who are new called upon to decide that very question and they decided, by a unanimous vote, that the meats of men for ten years past, and he Es) . of Rockford, Maes . B. L. Bradford, Esq., of PkQa- i t an try hit hand at this kind of an administration. But man wben Lush of funds, handed me over these moneys which, by the Katsas bill, was referred to the courts, federal office holders of Illinois did not belong to the de- had rudely re*used to allow his mistatemaau delphia. and Rev. Mr. Shepherd, of Boetoo, were amongt „-t-a tbtng. He would try to buy, not to bully the South. from Wendell for the aervicea Indicated." "But ha-e said it was nothing more nor less than an attempt lo £:7C 2 they have? Tbe country has often been told that he and morrow.B e would purine a moat conciliatory policy. H e wouldyou received any money from Wendell since the lntra judicial exposition, by Congress, to the Constitution, and bis friends in Illinois were not acting to harmony with the The motion lost b y yeas IT; nays 27.ductiop oT the Leoompton constitution into Congress " that it was a usurpation of judicial power; and yet we dcmocritic organization. They had replied that they Mr. DAMS, (Dem) of Miss., said that when the SenatorX'J the offices with Southern men, aad create new offices •Yes, sir.' "How much.-'' "Twenty five hondre 1 d >1 hive here resolutions now nnder debate, on which Con-. would appeal to the National Convention to ascertain who from Illinois rcse to speak he said tbat he intended toaad nilthemwithSouthernmen. It ianot likelythatin km iaacgural address he woul 1 recommend the reopen- ing oftheslave trade, butverypoaaible thatbemight theerectionofamonumenttoTreatonS.Brookslara,intwodrafts,eachforathousand,and onenota of five hundred." " Wben did you receive theae?" "Att'ie tnd of the aessioa, after the paaaage of the English bill." "Forwhatparticularservice orforwait equivalentwis thismeneypatintoyourhands?""Ididnotunderstei1 thatttwisforinythingthatIhaddocoorwasexpoeti\greetiacalledtoact,andtoabjudicatethisidenticalques- tion. The objec*. of these resolutions is to ask the Senate to decide Ihis very q^estioB, which Mr. Bayard, in 1866, denouncedaabeyendtheconstitutional authority ofthe Senate,andaaanactofusurpation;andgentlemenstool heresilent,andheadMr.Bayarddenouncethatattempt,constitute thedemocratic party In Illinois,whether the organization that sustained him . or the, federal office holders that acted with the republicans against bim? Thu efficeholders s*nttheirdelegatestoCharleston,andthe regularorganizationsenttheirs.TheConventionpro- ceeded,withgreatcaretillnessandIntegrity,todecide,answertheindictmentof-Not done ao.' He(Douglas) had claimed asaociation with Clay, but he (Davis) would show that that association did not belong to h im The oldJacksonparty,too,wouldbesurprised tohearthu Henry(laywasileaderofthedemocrattparty.To- Senator's speech was a medley of arrangeNow, if Seward can only get the Almighty to elect him,sharply cross examined upon this point, and on beog pledged themselves never to decide. He would hold them So far, then, as these national democrats of Illinois are consistency. He arraigned not only Individuals batasked if he bad ever known of another case of a nc-.-s to their pledges to leave this question atone. The Senator concerned, the party baa unanimouaiy decided at Charles-States. What had all this to do with the questior. Nothing. Itwaaa merepretexttoindulgeinidledecla- mation and to excite sympathy for himself as a pcrsec ot -1 man. Heasked him (Douglas) if be(Darts)hadever prop'Sid. supposing hat wing of the party suocessful, to exclude the other wing from all pesseaaion of office.Mr. DorciAS said as he bad been proscribed he sup- posed his friends were included.Captain CoddingtoB, of England, who arrived here yes- terdaytotbesteamshipKarnak,withdeapatchesfaLord Lyona; Bon. Zadock Pratt, of Prattaville, N. Y ., L Bar- num,ofBaltimore,¥resident of theAmericanTaiegrsjib Cent any; Major Down, of Kentucky; Dr. Baatty, of To- ronto, and Judge Mullen, ot watertown, are stopping at tbe St Nicholas Hotel.Count Rochoeeen and suite, of Holland, are occupyingpapermanreceivingmoneywithoutsomespeetrljccir •un.iing of the equivalent rendered or expected, ho aa tweied,"Yes;thathehad received thtasessionastud sum of money from a friend, wiiout the exchange ot a ay lUble ae to the purpose for which the gilt was made ''frcmVirginia(Mr.Hunter)declaredthat theintentaad ccderitandirg of the Kansaa bill was that one point was referredtothecourts,andthatwas thelimitationofthe constitut'on on the authority of a Territorial legislature. And the Senator tot only made that statement then, buttonthattheydonotbelongtoit Tbepartyalsodecided. said Mr. Douglas, by a majority of tbe whole Eactora! College,that1waathechoiceofthedemocraticpartyfor President of the United States, giving me iifty votes over all the other candidates combined, and yet my democracy• wcraan in petticoata for President: to why not But he refused to tay anything of the donor, except that again in February of last year he quoted that very is questioned. (Laughter ) So far as I am individually like oce in breechee? Mr. Greeley argues that he was not a member ot Congress, and wilneas suppose1 speach as a true exposition cf the meaning sf the concerned, 1 want no further or higher endorsement I ibat the gift was upon the soore of general good win, aa Mil, and reaffirmed it as his sentiments. Mew the have arraigned no n a n , have Intended to proscribe noMadame Bates will sweep the country. She might with a from a personal friend. Striate ia called on, in violation of the meaningKroen, b I not through the Electoral College. Greeley From these facts it would appear that Wendell is vo-y ind p'eoges of the Kansas bill, to decide thair a s e If would run far better. In fact. I am not sure that liberal, ana that, having a good many Irons in the lire,very question. He submitted whether this waa carry- ing out the true intent and meaning of that act. In the debate on this Toombs bill his colleague, (Mr. Trumbull,) put the question to him whether or not the Territorial I egislature had the power to exclude slavery. Bis opi- nions on that subject had been heard over and over again.willing to appeal to the great council of tbe party when from the chaii manship of the Committee on Territories. but winter, attended Dr. Cbeever'a church, taxing wok they assembled in National Convention, to decide these he (Dav.s) offered him the •hairmanehip of the commit bim his colored valet, bnt left again immediately, in cos questions. They have decided them in my favor on all tee he beld. He took Mr. Douglas to task for assuming sequence of a seat being denied trie servantif yea would sapport h ia ba eonld aot be elected. andhe ventures hia dlipensatioa of gratuities to some extentregal airs and dictating to the democracy the platform onwhich he would consent to be elected. He explained thedoctrine of Mr. Cam and that of Mr. Douglas, to show that TBormsB or ABTBTK- Srocsss —Messrs Tiflany ft Sonstbey were different; that that of the former have at present on exhibition the magniSoent aarfesm was logical, and that of the latter waa not so Th* Sena-tor from Illinois had shown himself profoundly Ignorant presented to Madame Gazxanlga by the people of Havana,Mr. Covode will fish up some other curiosities on t',.? and be did not ch ose to answer the queation.and referredsubjectinadayortwo. Averitable Paul Pryin otb^r people s lobby business is this extraordinary Mr. GOTO• IS.WASHINGTON, Hay 14,18«0The Big Humbug of the Japanese Kmlis-y—.Reported Ot- (Mpitaiion cf Otorge Sanders and Dfalcatum of Pw.i- mitter Fbvif—lk'Why andthe Wherefore—TKtDo"j lat Party and their Calculations, <£; , &.'..'.> toe facrt, that he waa suckled by a fox aa Romalus fcitable quarters at Willird's Hotel. It was a be.'ay wis by a wolf. ForsoHb, Reynard never evtncjd more gained to the citizens, particularly to the juveniles aa 1 t BBiag ia snatching a goose from the surrounding dan the rree niggers, and a day loat to Congress. As for ths4, • s of a poultry yard than W a d has shown in his plan for Japanese themselves, tfco free niggers thought the honors t 'a a.ng from the Chicago Convention the nomination of extended them very funny. " Why, dey ain't nota a' b aard. His uniform answer for a great while to the, more'n colored folks, wid detr heads shaved. P i e t y S .cauoc ••dhall we nominate Seward;" has been, ' We colored folks in dis town whiter den dey ia Bauer uot can t tell yet; we will nominate him if it ii best. ' Thia come here Go to fboha' round too mveh someb>i7 Baa been ooBatrned by those opposed to Seward to m » afbur years. Then ihe^^Vt&tou would be "published by U>«'.'r<ei.'tnt uf the United States a n d Company.'' Y ou i;v-*. i^l Alexander H. Stephens, of Georgia, on with l m :or V.ce President Iheir penoaal regard for ea.ch «..^t: aitld miXe up for any difference in their political acatmeaa. Wttnee* Greeley s powerful articles for Doug ku thatpoUUosdon'tstandinhis waytimtothejudiciarytoascertainwhetherthepowcrexistel.He believed the power did ex^'; others believed differently.and they agreed to refer it to the judiciary and abide by be chairman of a committee in the body where I sat. I their decision; and true to bis sg'eemont, he referred his waa forced to allow my name to go there. I will now sayoftheaffairsofMteettelppim hiahiatory of events that bad occurred there. It was not true that Mississippi in 1861 endorsed the doctrine of non intervention. The Southern rights party of that Stats were not the secessionastribatesoftheiradmirationofherpreeminenttalents.Enjoined with them will be found a number of elegaattestimonials in plate and personal ornaments, whichwere given to the same admirable artist by the ihilede:-5hiane on the occasion of her opeaing their Academy •* lucic. These trophies of honorable coaquate will be exhibitediora few dayspreviousto theirbe-Agpacked up by Messrs. Tiflany preparatory to the departure of Madame Gezaenlga for Europe.Who«Ter wr.tes the biography of Tharlow Weed will boiirst choice of a majority of my party. In the instantresolutions which dkt rot sustain tbe views as expressed by tbe Senator from Illinois. Mr. Davis then referred to the*actlon of the Charleston seceders, and denied Mr.That big barbaric humoug—the Japancao Embassy —that Franklin Pierce had a majority of votes, the tale e.r* to -rtsi.me, without the trouble of special ina^try baa come, has been received, and his (quitted it its co-n under the Territorial law. When the case eo.nl graph carried my message congratulating him aa the iirstsnake 'em off and sell to Orleans. De Lord bleea u«, any how niggers ia lookin' up."the decision Is not made, what right have yon to pass resolutions wbich are to prejudge the question with a view to tnliuence the decision of the Court? If th»re Is a dis- pute sa to the true meaning of the Co .in, who can settle it except the Court itsolf T When it arises In any other case, can you Cttermice by resolutions here what the decisionthose who would destroy it, because tbe part}' will not change its platform to suit their purposes. The leadership of this attempt to destroy the party wis won entrusted te appropriate bands, for no man pcasessed the reqaisito qualities in a rlgber degree than the gifted Yancey, who has a right to feel proud of tbe achievement he wan it Charleston. In 1848 he proclaimed the same doctrteo,decision It could make oh a political question, and it waa now necessary that public men should declare their sen- timents. Tbe Supreme Court had passed upon the politi- cal question at issue.WithoutconcludingtheSenatewentioto executiveses- sion.Adjourned.nigbt to "Moses," to P.ymooth church, Brooklyn. M - ing from the sale of tickets up to thte morniBg, there win be a targe attendance. _ _ _ _ »Worn* GABDBX-FIBST NIGHTor Vaaw'sKDCCSADXX* ZAB-Verdi's opera of » Nabuceo," waa preiac*: last night for the first Ume to this couatty at WA** Gar dee, with Fabbri as Abigail, and Mtrandoia, a new baa* juat arrived from Europe, aa Zaocerta. Tha - certain.f oneof Febbrie finest roles,aad displaysheredatiab* diwmatic. powers to groat advantage. Her reception >!« night, though very enthusastie, waa not und-esrreaBat the truth is, that • rhile theae Japanese are of a a dark, Choctaw copper color, many of them cavaaad now that they have got to Chicago, the aleepy old highly civilized and cultivated race. They come to ratify of the Court is, or what it ought be- The constitution hasthe Perry treaty of Jeddo; and aa they aw under josi wisely sepa-ated the judicial and legislative branches of but failed. He boldly aad gallantly enteral his profest,tars OUTsera are astonished to find that Weed believes it tive instructions to be back thereby the end of August the government. You have B>right to instruct the Court ancLwitbheld his assent to the support of the nominee, be-H o m e o f .representatives. WasBEieiTOK, May 16, I860.a beat to annuaate Seward.U B B cnrtixHnsrm FROM e n . w-tinurvB.It at said that a letter has keen received from General Walbridge, stating that h a purchaae of the brood muleswas eaurely for the use of the republican party, and eon clonal oa the aominatica of Siward, aa he thought they a *Jd thee like te go Into some other ouaineas eq-ially productiveran saw TOBKroar cam*.The .ntelligence of the deflcfeacy ia the accounu or theIheir Itut grand Embassy, we believe, was to the Holy a gloom like the anaonacemeat of a Father, at Rome, la 1682, under the auspices or Father Francis Xavier. But if w e . are not mistaken,aay other ease of the kiad to pro the general results cf that embassy were, tint, dace each aa Few aaea among our pahHc effleers too much familiarity with the domestic teatttntlons ofbow they shall decide this question, and have no right to define their position for them. When the destaion is made they will iasse the proper process for carrying it toinerf.ct Allthey ask.therefore,ofyouisneeInter- vention—banda off, in the language of the Georgia Con venticB Let the subject be banished forever from the halln of Congress and the political arena, and referred toTHE BKFA1CATKW IN TBB XXW TOBK MOT CTRCB, OnactionofMr.MOXKIS,(A.L.dem.)of111,aresolatheir stay on thla aide the continent can only be pro' longed some five o r s i x weeka. They bring with tham a a m e y chest of aome I90.C00. which shows that they understand the value of eaah in the matter of a loan ex" pednion. • kcause he believed tbe Sooth should insist on the doctrineof inter venticn. In 1866 he concluded to submit, but verysoon he came to the conclusion tbat this great democraticparty waa not competent to preserve and maintainthe righto of the South under the constitution,end he came to the conclusion it was time forthem to institute some other organization for the main-tenance of Southern rights. That he was conscientious inbis view8 he (Mr. Douglss) did aot doubt, but he thought the particular time laid defalcation commenced, its who has a voice of fine capasiiy-ied • « « «*"*"*; those views would lead to a dissolution of the Union. progress, when it first became known to the PostmasterTo get the ii back again to Japan, they wi'l probablycast this government altogether e i y a quarter o f a m:iran, which probably la more than will be our net proiltt the Territories, with the right to appeal to the court, andtion was adopted calling on th e Postmaster General tocommunicate to the House at as early a period aa poaaible all the facts and circumstances relative to the defalca-ti.no! Mr. Fowler, the Postmaster of New York, atattng either as regarded her ateging or acting. The "**•"•/from the Japan trade for oce hundred years to come.The Japan people (we apeak of the mass), who lire en-tirely upon rice, and who wear no clothes, or next to understood this 1'iestion when he signed the Kansaa billnone, cannot have much of a margin for trade with "out- tide barbarians."*Tin extract from President Pierce's Message of lflgf w a s resdj President Pierce then speaks of this bill aa adopt- ing the great principle of popular aovereigaty in the States, and alio In the "incipient States." He unquestionab'y re- ferred to the Territories as "incipient States,'' aad used the words "popular sovereignty" as embracing the righta of the people to the States. When thTBnatorwhatamountthegovernment hasbeensecuredbybond or otherwise.chadnerar, 'thoughithas*>*£»lef Verdi, ia iardlyTds best compoMttaskJ" effect aa'd ipcctacuter •Ht^jZ^tfJl•Bo overaad a*if eg. Hate, a geeeraJ cieae'rg oui o tie .tt fc*?ra'.rcrred him to the Court had been cited against almas evidence tbit he did not think the power existed, bat ifter the evidence adduced yesterday and thedebates just road, no man bee aa excuse for cot knowing bis opinion It was not bis opinion that was to govern, but the opinion of the Court, arisinginstr uctions of his State. Other questions were involved In tbe canvass of I860 besides compromise measures. Wben tbeStaleConventionof Mississippi metitwascomposedevery citizen, and mum be curted cut in good faith when Mr. Buchanan received a majority, he sent a mes- with all the power of the government. We are told that sage to his friends to withdraw his name and make thethe Court has already decided. If to, there is aa end of nomination unanimous. He would acorn to be theAt ADFBY or Mcsic —" Don Giovanni'' was gives last opposed the proposed arrangement tbat two sections Bight for the benefit of Man Patti. The double attract*the controversy. Let the dectson go Into effect, aad that is the end, and there Is ao use in quarrelling. But will the resolutions of the Senate give any additional farce to the authority of the Supreme Court of the United States4 Does It need a n endorsement o f the Charleston Conven-standard bearer of aay party If he was notthe choice of the party, but he did rejoice that the old democratic party determined to adhere to the great principle of n9h intervention by the federal govern- ment with the domestic affairs of distant Territories It wasof the party should ignore their divisions, await the of the fair benef^iaire and Madame Gazzaniga drew a fladecision of the Supreme Court, and in the mean bouse, the receipts being tbe largest made within the las time divide the spoils. Every man was bound tohave an opinion, and he ahould boldly declarehis fortnight. TheZerlinaofMiesPattiisarvteinwhichiMprinciples, and not seek to mislead or deceive the is thoroughly a home. She Bang charmingly,and reosrre* people. The Senator frcm Illinois, like a witness on plentiful tribute in th* ehepe of bouquets. Madame Gexav the stand, who commenced at theDelage, had gone nlgaaaoreceivedthelullshareofapplauseduetobarat-Etitee. Thai ptea, he telB aa, was aot to be acard c a at eece. T^ey Bust rettht their place a a d Influence i a tia democratic party, * a i theabeready to have mote inSwnee by pr*c«pttaStog tharesultuponthepart/. Apartofth*pteawastopre tend to be democrats, aat at the proper toptoago thecottnaStatesSatorevolution. Whatwaatheaueptotoas ,mwatat? WasittheCbirettOB Cooventtoa? Wasthattie proper time? The history ef tea event ahowaU^u remake* the princsa*e ef mea-taterTanttoa. That wad Mr. Yancey ±t* sctel up to h j pwgraatme, as i u d iBoorporated into,the platform ia angsrageao explicit no doi-ninbialetiars. A t taacreper toe,** JfW^tteted one could misuvitWtstend it TA portion ef the pli -'orm the cotton Stetef into a teetdnttoB.aad led ITJB eat of wis read] Tee Convention sjarned the doctrine in the the Convention. The programme Was cirrtf j sat to the plained aafeeefe. The platform atea declares that the letter, reavisg ta the Ceaveattoh those tasooni SatestheCtoero,wreckeda*'^^J*mgthattheplatformihouM bemade ftrsl, atithaafur- x,Donglaa, Uaforgottenhte irtytoae njfbtog an atthnatum wticb, ifactacceded to, theythere new ttckatete theT1B€ Otptsaign £&**away, which waedaae taTawI u Van entire breach over the deck waahic.Z ^ . r ^ boatsaadanthebotaaTtheTenrw^adnee£.L£*J^ tagoo tbe starboard side or tee after q a ^ ^ r U - * totnaaxngarouadaatbebreakersbroketeivlr7, Jer. Taecaptaintheagaveordersforalterhooteg thereby te save the Uvea of -wesaoeeadod te gsttagfturnirg to Mr Crittenden) for repeating it. T ae gallaatSenator from Kentucky, aa aboattcauat sad a free soiler'A man whesefame is as wide as dvflimrJon. i n l whose 'fiSTwiJ^patriotism aad loyalty to the constitution was never exoeeoedbysnybody. (Appaoaetothegilleriea) Iwiah criesofterroraaddaSjaaswSa*tJLmy*>tr'J^lUme prtoaipte w a s affirmed b y bote parties in 1552, which h e eonld s e t trt»t,saeh aa Vts^BMa.Taaaeaaaa, threeshewing •Aattte party aadorstood tn lsM that the t>o-ventton.ab.kfiinominatedPtereeinK5ihadafflramd'.hesema doctrtme ef noa intervention, and they also d ecere thattheprinciplewascorrectly applied intheKansaaacdNebraskaV-El,andthatttaaathegreatcon-servative principle aa which ateae the peace sadjoar-righta haa beea earned Ma far to jaattfy any hope af re- petcity of the Datoa eould h e preserved. These racy after a wbtler Will Tenasaee be permitted to comeBitrder ate^e Statea will aBaawa an*, uoog^t i» o«»» «*»»-• gootherabrethren. «^«—.-* --••Mr. Carney aad Mra. Smith, passengers, of GerratajJamesSheppard,seaman,aadteaetheri the cook, Barnes aot known.[From the Royal Gaxette May 8.]Tbe brigantine Prmoeas Royal, Cap: -Newbold, Mr " join— Yes: and the Senate looked into them, and the galleries ) He spoke of these things with entire re- meat to the people of a Territory. Each appeals to the pea by Mr J Johnson, S t Georges, with aa inboardortheclaimanttofilchmoneyfromtheTreasury. Hecharged him with neglecting duties while Superintendentbisownspeechesorwritings,buthecouldpickthemupall over the Senate and all over the country, from speeches and writings of those who are BOW arraigning him asbenefitsyou.Ihereisnodifferencebetweenthaprtnei pies of intervention at the North and the South. Eacbas- serts the duty of Congress to force institutions on an unef Indian Attain in Oregon.Mr Doonmx said that Dart had aade thirteen treaties. not being sound an the slavery question. (Applause in willing people, and each deniea the right of self govern* Abeautifultimatratioaofthehonestypervadingthe jorty poaJcaof the lay!« w i t o ' s CBAJ* as OF mxor .cs.Washburn of Maine, aad, 1 believe, o n e or both ofaw Brother* in the House, express the cptaloB that Sew aad.n*aomiaated,willbaelected. 1tive notheardof anybodyelae,exceptSewardhtaaaelf, whopreteadatoIBJBX.0,batthenhawasfoellaha&oaghtoimaginetha-.a*wosjdha-rebeenelectedif lietanbeen nomina'edJBpeace e.'.rremoal.Jaatlac*atit:la1950av.haaacsmajwrtyDouglaashowsuathatGen.Cass,withthatletterinttacertaincases,andreferredfirsttowhatisknownastheforgivebimfornotfollowingthemuntilconvincednonintervention,tauntinglycalled'squattersovereign heroaherbeameaes,carried1away1hertopbulwarks,hand, wai the favorite of the Southern democracy from Chase amendment to the Kansas hill. Mr. Caaae, of that they ought to have taken the atep. The country ty." Under tt the people of New Mexico proteotei aad swept tbe after part of the deck, aad washed the mbaaator soverelguty " Ntchoiaon letter'' of Gsn. Cars,Mr. principles. He should proceed to defend his actioa In who have taken a step forward or backward would He stood ea the democratic doctrine ef Congressionalever Ffemoat m raBBayrraaia waa -82,809; in the first billot In the Baltimore Coovinttoc of 1846 for Ohio, offered an amendmedt to tae bill under which "The waa well informed that be w as removed from the established slavery. In 1849 and 1860 tbe South only New Jetaey 1«,«5. Y et « ie prepotei in 1890 to the Pudency ail the way through. people of the Territories, through their appropriate repre Chairmanship of the Committee on Territories in 1868, asked op to 3d deg. 30 ruin., and non intervention hadhouae oveiboard, in which, untortoaately, were B a n Smith, seaman, Henry Trotl, steward, aad David Jeaa, cabin ley; the two first named of Tucker s Town, asd a sHenry Trott seemed to have been injured, a* the pa- fellowmadeBOefforttosavehimeelf,nortoaeizsareps thrown to him, bat aaxk immediately; the other, Ban Smith. with a nobleness of heart worthy of a betta fate', struck outforthecaboosebouse,whichbythisunaaa to the windward, for the purpose of saving the bey, vat wasbythebouse. Hereacheditaadpacedthebar oai'atop,sadheldbimtherewithonestrongirs,wkw•vet eoa&a wete large majorttiea by a name more off -MIve at both cf thaae Statea than thum i'1of aasafcc'.ida. Sm- atdeaanomorecarrythemthanhecancarrytrieCapitol aa aiaahoolderB. The vanity which alia his own ariadwtflaotaer*e to filltheballotboxeeinhiafar>r. T%*\ re<tnir«a votes wbtch he cannot get.And so Mr. Dougias total aa that he will prove from th - sentativss, may, if they tee fit, prohibit the existence of because be uttered at Freeport the identical sentiments since given them up to 88 deg. The South wonld neverrecord that in 1850,1853, tSM and in \WJ this doctriae slavery therein." This was precisely the same ia legal contained in the letters of acceptance of Messrs. Bu- have got an inch of alave territory except under the optra teat of 81 George*.ofpopularsquatteraovereigntywasaewptedandp;o clatmed a« the dootrme of aha national deanocralic partr, North and tfouth. This task may b« eaaily doae; but Mr. SenatcrBoo.*minadmitteduaintoademoorauesecrettie other aay which makes all thia submission to popul ir sovenlgntyto'48,50,'62,tiand'56deadmatter.effect aa the amendment eoered to the compromise mea- chanan and Breckinridge tn 1866. His heresy consisted in toon of the principle of "squatter aoveroignty." Was itThusitappearathatinMademocraticSenttor.ilcaasuresof1850byMr.Chase. Whenthisamendmentwas offered by Mr. Chase, it stood In the position of an amend- ment to a s amendment. Mr. Pratt, 'of Maryland, ap- pealedtoGov.Chaaetoreceiveanadditional amendment by putting to the word "introduce," ao that it would read,"ThepeopleoftheTerritorymayprohibitor introducesiaveiy." Thiswasobjectedtoaaeatofutteringthesamesentimentsthatheutteredin1860,in 1864 and 1866, aad which be was known to have held •or many years. He did not complain or the remove'. Ifbisopinionswereso heretical thathedid notfairly represent the opinions of the Senate, it was right But whentheydisplacedhimforthisreasondoaotcharge himwith changing,wbea the feetiathey havenotlikelythatifporttoasofMexicowereacquired they wonld become alave territory under the doctrine or non intervention. W hy then appeal from the people to Coagreaa? Anantialavery Congresswould giveslaver; tbe protection the wolf gives the lamb. It waa tha ma* fatalschemefortheSouththatcouldbepossiblydevised. Mr.DouglasthencausedtobereadalongletterofAlex•taeitreagt*wticBSewarddoeapoeaeaaiamadeupbya rifu.ar aad iBCongruoaa combination For years paat cue agreed to play poaaum, as before, on this thingof order by Mr. Seward, and was not received. (Part changed. At the end of eleven years he was removed for H. Stephens,dated May9, I860,fully sustaining him (Doug he waved the other ss a signal to his comrades ta sapo|''i»r sovereignty, and await a decision from vn [of the remarks of Mr. Pratt, of Maryland, were real. hoioing the identical opinions he held when he waa se- las) ani the doctrine of non intervention, and opposing ship, oho just at that moment a w a tiemsadoas as Be aaa flooded the oountry with hia rpeerhea. Many of Supreme Court Aad ao they agreed in .Slti. And henod This left the amendment of Mr. Chase to be voted upon. lected ss the chairman of that committee, and be thought the course of the Southern seoeders from Charleston break to foam over the brave aaa an i the bay wbeatBece Bara gone Into the Eaatera States, aad tare been the double faced Cincinnati platform Bat sextewhet aa and tt was rejected, because the words offered by Gov. tbe facts ought to be stated truly. They should Mr. Douglas concluded by urging the doctrine of non he bad thua far nobly rescued, sad sweep them tatafea eagerly read by the puritanic, creduous, self righteou, ejectedly the Supreme Court, on the heel of the election Pratt were not accepted, and yet, in the face of theae have said. "We have got tired of this doctrine of non intervention as the only patform upon which they ooul i besom of the ocean te be seen BOmoreof 1850, rendered in Its decision in the Dred Scott caw, facta, this vote has been cited against him (Mr. Douglas) intervention; it didn't work te suit us. It has not yielded stand. It waa not susceptible of two conati-uctiona, as Everything that, under the etroasataaees, eould at awafieofthat•ectiosi, wB>Bare cometolootuponthe in.airingtheopinionthatneirnerCongressnortheLeg« andhehasbeen chargedwith being unwillingtoallow suchpracticalfruitsonthe plates ofKansas aawe an hadbeensaid. Theonlydiflereaoewasastothe jndiciai donetorescuetheunfortunates wasdonebytheeapua janthor of theae atudied easava as « <ret -rtteemin, whose latoiw of a IVirrttorT haa the oonetitatioaal right to iater- the bill to aet either against or for savory in the Territo- ticipated, aad w e have concluded to abandon it aad question, which would be settled by the courts He ex and the remainder of the crew. If the kind hearted aaaateia tool n (iUed with lava for hia fellow man, aapecaaUy * asbe"iobrackdathebealmostyaller'Oa ir*> other hand, the fiat men allege that there la not agaaaaiisghouseinthecountry,fromJo.Hall'adown— fftherebeanyinchthingaaadeecentin theorderof gambliag houses— nor any house of another kind, not tofere te the matter of slave property, except for its pro- ries. The debates show that the Intention of the ball waa go back to the old doctrine proclaimed by Mr. Yanoey amined the Tennessee patform, which was said to be ose man who, unmindful of blaseIf wbea he saw a fellow ba tection. And this Is the mark to which Southern demv to allew the people te doas they chose. The record shows in 1848, and rejected by aa almost unanimous vote/' oa which the party could unite, and said it waa liable ing in danger, bad turned to the vessel,In all probandacracyrequiretheNortherndemocracytocomeupto. The upshot of the Kansas experiment has completely siJit enedthemenoftheSouthofthiathingofsquatterSOYJ- reignity, aad thia Dred Scott deoatoa, repu ilatucg this sort otsovereignty,theyinatatshallnowbeacceptedaccord ing to Senatorial caucus agreement This is the piv ottotwoooaatraottona. Hewantednodoabledealing. He wanted them to stand oa tbe Cincinnati platform, aa allhadunderstood tt Weonlydiffered oaasawpoint let the Court decide that the Charleston Ooaveattoa re jectedtbemajorityreportandre-affiraasdtheCincionatiMrDotGIASresumed—Thus itwillbeseenthatMr. Cbase'a amendment waa rejected, because it did net leave ha sinceJ to oars polite, which la not for fam. Andthe upon which the whole case between Mr. Douglas and the the people free to act on the aufcject of slavery, either toplatform The decrees of the Convention should be respectCaptainNewbold thinkshecannotaaytooaueaIs prates of his vessel, and behoves that vary fewbouth now turns—Dred Scott—that all Important deal introduce or prohibit, and theae reasons were assigned bySouthern men, and if those who cited thte vote against bim had read the debates, theywhy the gamblers and their frienda, the lobby aigger—Dred SooU. Closing up for the mail at tnree o'clock, (we bote that Mr. Donglaa will not forget Dred Scott; aad dealers aad traders In legislation, all go for o'herwise hte elabora e defence of squatiar aovereigaty,to the minority? The test was te be kept ap by Trott, who had beea in the Prineaa Royal tori*MUdtobethattheyconsiderthatunderhia runningthroughthelesttwelveyearsofourpoiittctiadministration their btatfoeaa woafd thrtva. In anp- democratic history, will be knocked all to pieces with a It has also beea cited against bim that he had votedveara establish a platform and select nominees for taeparty. The Cincinnati platform waa the only authorttabolters and seceders against those who remained ral years, remarked tothe captain ahortiy before theac- faithful, aad the majority were to permit the minority tonominate.Thatwasasortofolivebranchheldout cident'Ineversawsuchweatiier,andifIgetoaakonBoeingsomeoneinthegalley,thatitwasthewormplax ao* could gota a storm, but, strange to aay, be weatb iherejustbeforetheaccidentaboverelated.vart of thia expactetioa they point ta thebank tingleblowfromthehard,woollyheadofDredScott There baa been a call ei the House, and the members rapt treasury of Uew York, aad esottieg'.y ofthatbody have retired aawearfromtheSenate.againsttheTrumbullamendmenttowhatwaaceiledthe Toombs Mil, aa aa evidence that he waa inconsistent. <Theamendmentwaaread] Theamendmentwastodeset. He had stood firmly sad fhttaxaUy by the Oteaaaa-Uplatform,lockingconfidentlyteassttreaffirmedatCharleston. They had ali agreed to appeal to Charlestonslvemajority,aoquarterwastobeshowa;aotoneof them wasfit to be chairman of a committee, or a Cabinet officer,orecollectorofaport,orevenalighthousekeeper He eonld aot dad a wretch mean enough to accept a nominationoninchterms. Theyoftbemajoritywere wilhngtoshowquarter,andthesedifferences shouldnoasthecounciltosettlethedilierenoes. Therepresenta- aak 'S, as Goveraor of a State, be eould Thecrowd la aad about the galleries Istinimti^ ont: they clare that in the bill for the admission of Kansas it was tivtsofthe party assembled at Charleston, aad afterthatMr.ShieldsappealedtoMr.Chasetoreceivethe amendment of Gov. 1'rati, to as to make it a fair testMr.FTXSH,(dam.)ofOhio,readfromthespeechofMr. Badger, and the vote by yeas aad nay ahewouldhavebeenaaved;butbepreferredtoriskkk own life ta aa effort to aave tbe boy. Thaae a a a generalfavorites,particularlyeftb*captain,whoiof thea as quia, sober. wormy, good meaprovedexactlythereverseofwhattheycharge tiveplatformofthepartyuatiltheCharlestonConventionAfter the minority had aucceeded by aid of the submis ycu'U not catch me at sea agate." He also reasrked atnow where they did In ISM, be was with them, if they do not, then the question arises, who has chengedr He did not complain if they had changed, but he had a right to ask that they wonld furnish h i a with these arguments and reasons which induced the change to their minds, ia orderthatbemfabtcorrectfateerrorstoo,Ifindeedhe wereinerror. Hedidaotbelievetoseverchanging, •ndthoughheclaimedaveryconsistentrecordasapub Ucman,hehadmodifiedhaopinionsoamanyquestions, andtookmowpleasurelaretractingaaerrorthanto persevering to tt Allhe asked wasthat gentlemendoctrine of North and South become a rallying point of two great parties, aad there win be two sectional parties divided by that line which separates the free from the aiavenokiing Stetea, aad thea will come th e irrepressible conflict af which we have beard so much. Mr. Douglas referredtothefactthattherewaaabil!from thaHone repealingthealavecodeestablishedinNewMexico,aad aidebysidewithttwasaresolutiontorepealtheprohi bitionofslaverytoKansaa. thedoctrineofthedemo craticpartywasproclaimedinl818,1862,1866,andteatat CharlesioninI860,istoresistbothofthese propositions.Ie oocarrod till las Saawhen to a t 36 deg. 16 mln . Ion.12 dag. 80 mia., thai were evident signs of aa approaching itbe wind increased in atrength, blowing aaateaeily frea B. N. I. till it reached to a violent aavftoaaa, wakh lastedtwodays.Theveaaelwashoveto,butlaboredheavily, hanaga contendwithcrossaeaa,tossingalmostmenstainhat butthenobleholevassalatruggteabravely,carrytagW decsloadoflivefreightsafelyovereachaucceediagswKentucky. Missouri, Delaware aad Maryland. A part of Delawarefollowedhimoat,battheycametothe conclusion that Delaware waa net big enough to dt vide,andberchampionretiredaadcamebacktothe NorthernConfederacy. Was»tekeepwatch? IaDele ware to be received tote Mr. Yancey 'a Southern Confecetoatete as Clay aad Crittenden,(Renewed applause )Itwaapainfultefindsuchdifferencesbetweenhimselfaad friends They were determined to make new teststodeterminehisorthodoxy. Heshouldaotanddidnotreeognaa the right of a caucus of the sasate or Houae toprescribenewtesteforthedemocraticparty. Senatorsare not chosen for the purpose of making party platforms.Under our political system there has grown up an organi- ed, and the nominees supported, only in that way could could have weathered tb* gals, whtoh he zation known aa tbe National Convention, composed of de- the party be preserved. Should the majority aorreader oa* of the severest he ever behekt A legates elected fresh from the people, who oaea to fourapartments at tb* Metropolitan HoteL It will be reaasn- man for differing with me. I bare at all times said I was Mr. DAVIS reminded him, that when he was removed bered tbat this nobltman.on hts arrival in to* oountryjority of the votes in that Convention over me, the light-ning would have carried the message wUhirawlng m ynamebeforetbeConvention. Ihivenotlust enough forfttieetobe the nominee against the known wishes and of a majority of the so called aubmiesionJste. It pasaedarise, and the Supreme Court tbali preaouBce oboice of the party, and it waa read in the Convention be Douglas' statement that they contemplated disunion. He a judgment, it will be binding on him aad oa fore the vote was announced. In 1866, Mr. Douglas said,over a vast extent of ground, but had not come down to eeuevt etogtag aad acting. Brigaoii'B Bon Ottevto wa hw law of the land, and we are all bound to abide by it. If a pleassnt duty to defend this glorious old party agateat the present time. The Supreme Court had made all the every thing he does, finely rendered. The troupe stef»;tion to give it van::tj: If the decision is made Mis thethere is an end of the controversy. Mr. Douglas saidthat be should then proceed to show that the President(Mr. Yancey s letter to Mr. Slaughter was read,) It is General, the aggregate amount, aad, if any, what legal also received a very cordial r ^ 0 ^ ^ 1 ^ * doe to Mr. Yancey te state this was intended as a private proceedings or prosecution have beea instituted, and to hoaoraof th* ocoaaan wkh the prima f ^ f / * ^ .thatthe Senatorshouldciteatusesand fraudswhicho~ gilleries.) Hedoesnotsame Virginia,andtheebepro curredinviolationoftrlaprinciple,undertheadmasist<-a- e*«dstogivebisreasooaforseparating thecottonStates.morrow.TRBPOSTorncx wtnersNCT aru.Tbe House went into Committee of the Whole on theState of tbe Union aad the Post office Deficiency bill. Vsriousamendmentswaredacoesedandmade,whentbe bill w is reported to the Hours. No definite action was takes. /.churned.SorTerD. ekiellmrag a brtof «•*»<<„£"£ it th"bovas Mr.Merelrek hasprodaced three * { rr^raa-Flctow-s "StradeUa," Halevy's «I*J« *»• 0 Verdia ..NebuchadBezxar--and baa bitiod.aae^l*rae^ art*,,-* scpraBO, Fabbri I ^ % 7 1 B M ' ' tencr,fcrani,andabasso,Wandola-a3it'J^ »eMoved rror* or lees cf a puceis-a.ac.very we!! for bis energy and enterprise.Untitled Documentletter,butwaspublishedaadseverelycommentedonbythe editor of the Bichaond South, (Mr. Pryor), when Mr.Yircey made aa explanation in another tetter. He hadbeen unable to procure a copy of the whols of thte latterletter, but had found a long extract Inthe Xational MA- the Ohio Legislature to favor of the improvement of the stage doea ample creait to ^ : i t ^ l l ^ S lifftneer of September 4, 1868. In the first part of this Louisville and Portland canal. He submitted atoaaaaeal ia- management. \ h e scenery ^ ^ _ £ ' ar*TBB LOrigVITUI AXD PCATIASB CANAL.JnoPryor,1869. J. W. Taylor leftblag gate,aad very aaa www.fultonhistory.com 