 AEW YORK HERALD.a* a n were krgt u l pfese easier, wailsMWB PROM WASBINGfON. to have been granted by the Mexican govern- THE COVODE COMMITTEE INVESTIGATION.JAMB*K. W .J*£AU,<^fSi suntB 0 I D O I I K I 1 I T T , ••tee were -en*!*, bavta* reeehM. la Use i|T*<«**. Ambassadors now at Wa»hiogtoa have brought ite.cee Basesa PM--~U •>•« M< wore active;itot ASH raonusioB, tftewBMHwareavalsat*"»H*•IH»*,«adof here for signature by »b*President wasa tew prtws at »I9 §4, who MMMbf af aaw «*«i, for great conquest of diplomacy oo the part of the Of KAMAV a » ITITOX BTS favor* r .-iirery, at p t Sugare vara steady, w t l setae United States, an d inaugurated a new era inment previous to the laminationof thewarand the cession of California. The amount of Ia.niry iito the Way ii waif- tk Btpubliraa!• fi.O*»VAiXACXf THBXTSmgraded condition of public affairs and partymany of the leading claims among others, that of the celebrated Almaden Quicksilver Mine, claimed by a company of Mexicans and English- men, who have been removing its wealth at thetheir s f t f M M nutued*. aotecjK*.Mr. V I M him of this.Mr Htmas. (dem ) of Md Mr Wrwiow sale be had ileipctttbllity, teat it 1 tosunuBOB WSBISB'S 'Mr Corons bad beta_efi MrBtowSatSBtfrom as itojtJvajm the pabbaMr. Covens east betoadHe. wigto i(ormedhimth»tthose' the gartrimeatMr. WISBLGW asked for no favor. to bavs wttawia r. ms*ot<edMr. Bonwat*, (dem) ef m.,1 ttme of the ergaariaaStoB aftime Mr. Winalow Ibe nammed untr» the sabtoat of i brought before the (Mr Coveoi— tty course against by a arnority of the i tit at (Uushaar.)Mr. BomspoB—I w u only stating a fact, sir.Mr Wmsiow trcstod that the Speaker would aot here after awue but asbporaa for wwawssss nasi the wat has Srat beeneertiSedtobythecommitteeMr.to the fact that testiBony i _btfnimproperlypabhihed. Ha(Wtostow)aidastlhlak It proper tor him to Save any agency to pabttahlag refotbeen captured. B e furtier says, there are bat two tog tearimcnj, comtag. as ha did, trees North Oarahaa, a t e n t t e dcty of geatleaaaa » known, and Ihs propriamm**.* *»—»**•—**".••>. I»4Fretght eegag-meou ware mot/s-lmaas X X VtttusaaairreT,»MO» »"»!«•Tbe Captured Africans and the Slawe Trade.LAPS* camasr* rnaavaa, CM Broa»*ar.-jt..T JUa»-OOB jArASBBB ttaSJBSV.raw sowent. Bowery.—Aaataw JAeesoK-Two PHAFBSM'S THXATAB. OVAIB.Jd^rUs>i%n»aiovra taaraa—uw isn-Uvtaa Coaigold and silver coin melted, assayed and com-pared with our money in such a way as to de- rate of $1,000,000 a year, and hare alreadyOau- S p e c i a lr, Janet,lSOO, IHS CArmaVj AFRICAJB ATO T O a u v a TOADSII* question of toe disposition of the captured Africans will be called np Si a few days, when an tntereatiBf At batewUI follow m mat subject It a asserted and be Ueved by those who Save the best means ofthat where one slave vtasel Is ditisaH by thewtth its cargo of Airk^ae, tea|wcoeed in landing the ah. alaadiagBatveheMer said todaythit the result ef taw Hasaf traffic, If tolerated, will be to make the stars breeding States free.The Navy Department receiTed this morning the offl cial account of the recent capture ofCuban coast from t h e commanders a fKey Wast After graphically detailing the manner af running the vessels down, sad the various subterfuges attempted by the slavers to escape, the officer s»ys— The Wildftre a a aew vassal, and wtrj handsome. The William is ten or twelve years eld, vary fast and rwmy She could carry comfortably five hundred negroes back[U1TT* • •_ __ __district summoned to testify before the committee, in regard to frauds in the election there,butMr. Covode, being chairman of the committee would not subpoena the witoeases, in whichcourse he was supported by Mr. Train, bUctrepublican from Massachusetts, while Mr.Robinson, of Illinois, sustained Mr. Winelow inhis wish to have corruption examined withoutregard to the party it injured. The defence of the Ambassadors is in reference to Russia,and which waa iutercepted off Cape Baca at noon on Friday last. The new* ta importanttimes for not oc mmunJcattng tha names of•LtetCf dto examine, oae of wtoob was that If may should bear of u they wovM gat est of tha way.at that point, the government bulletins, however state that the royalists were pur uing the diapers' td forces of Garibaldi.restive under this manifestly onesided little arrangement, and complained to the House that in putting him on the Pumping Commit tee, and depriving him of all power to get wit-regards that country.These advantages will greatly advance thecharacter for worth and stability A s long a s there are no losses by fire things go along swimmingly; but woe to the unfortunate policy holder who happens to be a heavy loser. If he succeeds in compromising with the under-mportance, until they axe deposed of The tendency of this action is to shelve the Tariff bill, which creates a good deal of 01 feeling. The probability Is that if the Tariff bill is not reached, the twenty one million loan provided by It will be asked fortn a separate bin, but will probably receive the united opposition of the friends of the tariff,tmt oovoni COMMITTERto Mr. Emanuel B Hart, referred to Is tha i 'jn leave to say a few words. Thto gentleman, aw,have knows for many years, has a reputation cotrate with the ettyt» which be uvea aad the public postttan be holds Sir, be tt above suspicion, especially af that nature which « sought to be levelled at htm here; Baa to oroer that this matter may be properly stoned aetata She House aad the country, I may be allowed to cowmeet upoa the Intrinsic value of the evidence winch tha totter rnretobes. Str, the gentleman (Mr Corode)ahooJd aevar have allowed himself to be deceived by auca trash as this Here tt a parson who professes, tiassr ttto atgaslBi s of Dunbam.tosend a mrasatn of (ova to Saaaata aad Cobbett across the broad AUanttc To whamf Baaasrs. Is it 8s*dersof London, or the celebrated Gao K Sendees af America. And to Cobbett! 8w!—(toad laugbter)-a it to Cobbett of tha English governnam, «» ho. —»t B * MaaOaaarrt «i» B a - J * r u u a so fnnorXB laatlTOTK-Bbt MaatrsaH LSCTUBS Mi Wnut a_t u m MTiw-v-.BATluttai. OOwCBBT SALOOH, Mat. DuWBf. l l l H H i - , * •oo*.»aa or Taiat-aaTH •TBKBT AMD fOOBTH A T I U D I - O i U M M HHawYork,Saautav,Jem*S.1»*0.TM* I t W I iWe hare three days later newa from Europe, re.Ceived by the City of Baltimore, which left Uv'er-pool on the tM and Qneenstown on ihe lata nit, ment If they did not, I did not questionA second point gained since the arrival ofNEW YOBS. HBRALD, SUNDAY, JtJNI 3, I860.eiport aemaas, ttswfn far eoaaa a«a«rto«toa# srteas » - • 8TRK>OTHltHTJfO OF O l B COMMERCIAL IaTTKAV b-regu'ar fassateswere*»•f*trextent Toearrivals COTWME WTTH JAPAK.—Thetreatyofamityando' r>» - Toe hh4e *orta fUaea end Cab* aeaaeovadas. otaansg ar.-bo<:t charge of moment m o n e s CofM wasproperty involved It about $150,0w0,000; but the Attorney General states that, b y sending Commissioners to San Francisco and the city of Mexico, he nee succeeded la eliciting each a history offraud, falsification andperjury as will defeat two-thirds of these claims.Carry IltttioBs•Bpeecbei of Mr. John CochraneandBS»BB»BBWMPBa»MPBSBBSBBaj»BBWaWBtW*»WBW»The House of Lords had rejected the hill repeal-ing the paper duty, and the two houses of Parlia-ment had nearly come to hostilities on the question nesses, he was placed is a false position, and of privilege sa to whether the Lords could consti-interests of American commerce, and enhancewith a high practical value the treaty betweenthe United States and Japan. But it is not for writers for half the amount of his loss, he is ex- The course pursued by the Covode Committee, to re-tutionally reject such a measure.It was reported in Paris that France and Russiamade to sanction by his presence a partial and unjust thing. In fact, no better rule could be adopted to save the black republican cesspoolsourselves alone we have secured the freedomtremely lucky.fusing to allow Governor Winalow to subpoena wita**wes to prove corruptions in the election of members of the republican party, will damage the party material^, and the more moderate portion of them totally dJsapprov- of Covode s operations. It is believed that it eaaleaders.the democratic members of the Covode [nves-Our governmenttjgattsg Commtttee, complained to the Bonne a « « i tc-o>B that be bad bean endaaroring since last April to have certain witnesses from Mr. CovodVsmonstrate the relative value, and on the return of the Ambassadors to their own government the result will be laid before it, and there can be little doubt that the Japanese currency will be so regulated for the purposes of exchange by the authority of the Emperor that satisfaction will be afforded to ail parties, and the opera-thoseabstracted $6,000,000 worth of quicksilver. Stops have already been taken, however, to recover the mine.We commend the Attorney General's com- munication to the notion of our readers. It will be found a very curious and instructive chapter in the history of public frauds.Boors INSURANCE COMPANIES.—The examina tion of Lawson, Thompson and others, the al- leged city lot swindlers, has led to some im- portant and interesting developements in re-Mr. Covode is one of the most naive things we which has. been threatening Japan withbelonged to or had belonged to the govern-signs that I can discover or bear of by whleh a vesselcan be known wtthsut boarding her. First, the stove gal-ley—and this may be neatly covered, but not entirelyhid. Second, all shivers slip one anchor aad ohata assoon as they get their cargo, aad consequently have batone anchor on the bow. Tae captured vestelt wars allarranged so as to scuttle the snip to case she should be to questtca tbetr veracity, to reply to 1 leftalone. OnexaminationIfoundtwoholeswithplugs nnaarkaofyrat-e'rr«tioaytlaonrespecttoMr.Hart,fered , and were still suffering severely from drought as seems to have been the case with some who bis present term in the United States Senate; which Jonas Sharp, Esq., was President, has• t 8 t Martin's water was so scarce that they hadhave been under the pump. Thus the exhibi-and breadstuff* were also very scarce. At St | sided, personal and petty proceedings and mo-sary this year, he announced his willingnessto make his last public effort on the Fourth of compensation of seven or eight dollars July, 1861, and then retire from the political a week for doing all the dirty work, while arena, and pass the remainder of his days the harpies who profited by his acts pock- under the shade of his own vine and fig tree atJohn Covode, chairman of the famous, or infamous. In veatigaUng Committee, has written a totter to nia consdtu BBSS fiwir^ry<"i11y ^«*w-«»g » »«M»II»>«*H— to CongressnumBArano BIGXAIS.Senator Davis astonished his colleagues of the MilitaryCommittee to day, by moving to strike the clause out of the Army bill which provided for the creation of a chief signal offisev, wtth the rank and pay of Major of Cavalry. The object of the clause was to secure a system of tele- graphic signals, invented by Surgeon Albert J. Meyer, and the services of the latter to instruct army officers in the um of the same. It was recommended by the Seere tary of War in his report, adopted by the House committee unanimously, aad psased the House without a dissenting voice. The members of the Senate Committee supposed it had met the unanimous approval of that committee also, although n o formal vote had bean taken o n i t When their chairman, therefore, recommended to strike out, the impression obtained that he spoke the voice of the com mittee, and the motion was nominally carried as In Oom mittee of the Whole. It will be defeated, however, in the Senate, as a means of communicating orders a distance of fifteen miles, night or day, by signals, an1 over the beads of enemies, is deemed a matter of too great impor- tance to be passe i by lightly, especially when the lnven tton does not cost anything. Mr. Dayit' objection was creating a single new staff officer.OKMOCKATIC MKBIiXC.A large and enthusiastic mass meeting is in i>rogrefs.nature,'' which, sir, "amass all tha world akm." Laughter ) Even Dunham Invokes ooafaston to Oovode nd Company. But though thto Bsraaaage ssgsa him en* « C A. Doabaaa." wtth aU respect for asy Mead 10m Pennsylvania»(Mr. Covode), I will submit to thecountry h a oaane a—"daam <tm Bbwwa." (Laughter)Mr. FnxMan, (rep.) of Ohio, moved to lay ttto revela- tion on tbe tableMr. Bora-row, (dea.) of Ala , dsaaaaded ttto yeas aad neye. B e wanted to are who would shrink from Investl gallon.Mr. SatiMAB said that be and his friends were willing there ebcul 1 be an investigation of the election ef any oa tbe republican ride, if any geitlemnn'would rise ia htt pjace and sa tbat any one of them waa sleeted by fraud. In. reply to Mr Houston, be denied that the republioaas want to avoid inveatigation.Mr. BMOCK, (dem.) of Va —The committees af tha House, sir , are tbe creatures of tbe Haass, and ttto Boose has tha right at asy time to interpose aad super vise the action of Its committees, aad correct thorn if tbey do wrong. As to the manner in which the House shall get to in'ormattoB. with reference to the coadaot of r«Dmittees,tbat to another matter, about which I need not apeak, hit tototmatton comes before us, aad ws have no >i hi to inquire bow, bat to net anon It aait to before ue What to the proportion of tha gentlfmac from Ohio? But first 1ft me sty that •bis O'.vode Committee bat been engaged some three or lour weeks in taking tiwflmonr which to da- *:*i,erf :o rrimtoate tbe President snd the executive arnrmi* rattac of the country. Now, aa I understand It, Lit a emg>e witters baa beet examined to explain away or 'ebut this teattmoay. although we are now within two «(<ks ot t»eck*e of in* tetston The eosaaratoabaa bt tt etg»g< d weeks »pd m-n»t»m is collecting evidence to cuitiL«((, ihe bead of the Execntive Depart sent of tha goverim'Ut and bis Cab n*t, sad ag«nUe«anof that crn n- t'f P, wbo wtobea 'or fair plav, baa been compelledBart s mining operations had been quite success- ful; lead ore, equal to Galena, coal of superior quality, as well aa copper, having been discovered. Gold and iron had also beenround.• A very large aulphor deposit had been discovered at Saba, one of the Dutch Wast India poasesalons.La Congress, yesterday, the Senate discussedthe bill providing for the settlement of Californiaprivate land claims, but, without coming to a vote,laid the subject aside and took up the MilitaryAppropriation bill. Several amendments were vere but deserved reproof from Mr. Train. adopted, among them one appropriating $788,000 This roused the Hotspurs on both sides, for the support of a regiment of mounted volun- and in the course of the disgraceful scene teers in Texas. In the House the discussion on which ensued, Houston shouted at the top of ihe resolution relative to summoning witnessesbefore the Oovode Committee was resumed, andfinally the resolution that the ipeaker direct theAuburn.port; but it is said, on the other hand, that he means to be a candidate for Governor at the next election, so that he may be in a position for Mr. Lincoln, in the event of his success, to call him to the post of Secretary of State, in order that "honest old Abe," who is not very well versed in the affairs of government, may have the advice and experience ofone ofthe lead- ing statesmen of the republican party. Should this programme be carried out, Greeley will of course be ousted from bis expected positioneted their thousands, and carried their heads high among the most respectable of Wall street speculators. It is true some of those who pro- fited by bis labors in the city lot swindles have found themselves in rather an awkward predicament, and will probably go to State prison; but the District Attorney has not yet opened his batteries upon the main instigators who are behind the curtain. The disclosures which are being made daily in the investigation of this case will probably show up some of these insurance sharpers in their true colors- Let the investigation proceed without fear or favor to any party, and the public prosecutor will receive tite thanks of all good and law- abiding Citizens.adopted, by a vote of 166 to 4. A number of un- important private bills was passed.which at any time previous to the cowing of Pryor by the bowie knife of Potter, would have drawn pistols from half a dozen fire eaters' belts. The valiant members now held to their tongues ss weapons of offence, and the day was consumed in a disgraceful fight of words, end-for Mr. Lincoln to take two members of his Cabinet from the same State.Rumor is busy also with the future of Thur-low Weed. It has been reported that he in-tends to resign his position on the AlbanyEvening Journal, and retire into privacy tomourn the fate of bis chief, with veiled face, here, following quickly upon the visit of the like Agamemnon in the famous picture. But Japanese Embassy, will serve to keep the excite- this is not true. Mr. Weed has returned to his ment of the metropolis up to fever heat—is to post on that paper, and will probably stick toit to the bitter end—if any bitterer end thereThe pugilists Woods and King, who went out tofight on Monday last, when they were interruptedby the police, proceeded to the Centreville race-course on Long Island yesterday morning at anearly hour, to have a battle; bujJuit as they were ing in nothing. The most remarkable thing making preparations for tbe^eSrounter a strongOnt SECOND SUMMER SENSATION—MAGNITUDE AND MODESTY COMBINED.—Our second summer sensation, the Great Eastern—whose arrivalabout this disgusting exhibition is the defuut forceof Brooklynpolicemade their appearance andunitedattitude assumed bythe blackre-composed of the friends of Mayor Berrett. Tht nv;uic-!-*i to ronre Lrrr ana 10 ask tbe House to ( n u r l th« chatr*and crdercd the party to disperse. The fighters and their friends then went to Wilkrtrs Point, but were followed by the police, snd again stopped. The police, as is represented, not content withpublican members. +In the events of this day the democratic po-leave Southampton for New York on next Sa-election is to take place on Monday. MILITARY COURT MABTIALi y order of the Se jretary of War, a Court Martial wlU meet at Fort Leavenworth on the 25th of Jacs, or at soon thereafter aa practicable, for the trial of sash prisonersn.atiof lh*t committee to br'ag forward rebutting testl noiy I'c»a'tjpematter as*seewt>eta presentedon Uc fm» (f it We are wribto two wA'ks of the adjoarn mrct. aLd jevt befoie the session dote* thig **«aao*y »i!l h* broigbt in and sett abroad about tbecoaotry. Intie 'all w* are to bave a Preai'entiai emetine, aad thenliticians and the people of the whole country stopping the fight, made aa indiscriminate attack may learn a lesson if they will. The revela-tbi* garbled testimony, without anything having been in be than the result of the Chicago Convention. There is something peculiarly striking in the as may be brought before it The detail of the court is trcduord en bebatf of the accused, a to go be-with their clubs upon the party, arrested both theprincipals, and cbnreyed them before a magistrateat Flushing, where they gave bonds in $500 each tokeep the peace for six months. Woods was se- and in the subsequent row may be seen themodesty with which «his great event is an-nounced by the Great Eastern Company.the custom in all large seaports, both here and in Europe, to announce the sailing of a steamer, or even of a packet ship, by placard- ing huge posters all over the city; but the pro- prietors of this mammoth ship—nearly nineteen thousand tons register—the wonder of the age, content themselves with the following simple handbill, measuring about sixteen inches by nine:—STEAM COMMUNICATION FROM SOCTBAXnON TO KIW IOBX. TBX STEAMSHIPGREAT EaSTSRV.18,616 tons register,J. VINE HALL. ObMMARon,Will be detpatahed to KE* YORKO* SAtTBDAT, JCSB ?, I860.As this steaMbip will be 4espeMbt<| on the (hy ap- pointed, and win on.'y take a limited number Of tat elate passenters,an early •pplicatk.n a desirable.BATEor PASBAO«-«8 each adult Children under f t l v e yean of a n hair price. SerraaU aocompanjif peampiers£16. Itotaratickets willbetouediltherBtoas follows —Captains May and Miles Lieutenants Brooks aad Msgruder; Majors Min»;ry, Martin, Day and Mar decs!.First surgeon F. W. Setiy has been ordered to W at Point In time to appear before the B»ard whicb wul u semble there the let-of September next, for the examina- tion of non commissioned officers for promotion.MOVBMBST8 OF TUB JATAmSE.The programme which was made out by Secretary Canfore the country to poison and prejudi<se the pnblie cote 1 appeal to the benest verdict of tbe people* ib tenne* to this main-r Iaek.slr, what reliaece, wbat fai b, what weigkt, ia to be attached to aa tBvastiga- tos u ac u( t- a on such prirciptes as thto ? ABd, sir, when !».p n-lrortty hw> been compelled to come before the House tottk tt» inttTp<»iucn to enable them to get some teatt- n.< 1j CDthe behalf of these woo are soognt to i>acrin- ftaUd, tbe gentitman from Ohio (Mr SneraMts) rises and n-< vrs to lay the whole subjett upon the table-all for ths oc*patch of busisesi iMr BOODCB—I uBOrvtanf1 from tbe gentleman from North Carina (Mr. Wmalow), that all the wttoeasei hare been fummoned b* \ ru w <h a view to find oataomHhlag agvnet tbe aommtotratton—prying intotbe private affttra o tbe Cabinet Cannes, aad eeoversattoas wan the Praai feat; and all that was left to him (Mr. Wtaatow) was toverelv injured In the affray with the police. An ac- count of the affair is given elsewhere in today's paper.bold and defiant tone adopted by its members in view of the personal quarrels and ambitious schemes of the opposing leaders. These foolish and insane divisions among the leaders are carrying the country rapidly toward the abyssThe Police Commissioners, at their meeting yes-terday, appointed Albert Heme and A. S. Boyd farthe Brooklyn force. The nasal report of the sani- of anarchy. The spirit that prevails in Con- tary force was received, after which the Board ad- gress is the same violent and intolerant one journed to Monday,Mr Covode rose, when several members oa the repab- licer s:de crted ont, '*8rt down," "SK down "The Street Cominisaioner has made the following appoiawnenu in his -apartment, via: George Reiser, Inspectorship of Contract Work; William CO'Brien, third general clerk; Frederick Byrnes,' fourth general clerk, and John Diamond, assistant dark of the Deputy Superintendent of Sepsirs and BuppJiea.that ruled a few weeks since at Charleston, and the secession from the political convention is much more likely to be repeated in the next Congress than the people anticipate. Friday's debate shows that If the election of President goes into the House next winter It will go into a bear garden, and not into a body of states- men, and it will far more likely result in a- —lb WAaaa» LBXASD, Metropolitan Hotel, New York -The Embassy will toave Waahlniton about the 8ta of June for Baltimore, Philadelphia ana New York.» r. Dupoxr. This is decidedly the better arrangement ofthe two. They are very anxious to visit NewYork, and it is very desirable that they shouldhavetheearliest opportunityto see howthepeople live in this grand metropolis; to look atand the Naval Commission for the Japanese has beenchanged, the Secretary allowing them to have their ownway in the matter. Instead of their going to Buffalo and Boston, they will start on Thursday for Batttmore, stoppingeaa day; than to Philadelphia, aad remain three days; andfrom thence to New York. Their movemseto from Kaw mots examine your witnesses. York wBI be arranged after they reach there. They areThe Commi*ionen of Excise granted nine li-cenaesyesterdaytoliquordealers,foreachofwhkh withdrawaloftheSouthernmembersandSena-thirty dollars was paid. Onmotion of Mr. Haakett- iheOommtaaianopenedtheiraccountforthepres- Presidentoveraunitedconfederacy. ent year, and soma three thousand dollars will beraid Into the city treasury in the early part of nextweak, that being the amount received for the onehundred licenses already granted.net; and c ^ 7 «*""•* rfZ""*.snd garbled testimoav, sad ws p y ? "^^f^ explaaa- pMie ^The great india rubber war between Day andCoodyear is at aa end. Yesterday, we understand,Mr. Day sold oat his entire Interest in the robberfc«*saastotha agent of Mr. Geo«jne^th»itawTer body has, almost at the last moment, shrunk settling; the vexed question relative to the use ofErie.THEat Fort Cobb, to the Indian territory, appropriattor forbe<ore toe conttry, declaring that you wished tocertain nataata. During the litigation between Inflammatory question. On Friday the newpublish in another column a highly interestingr ^of Represents,tires. WAMTIM.-TOS. June 2,1850sengersand$1,1*0,000It- aeiled forisi.voce itT-eda'l. bat withoutw - heavy aa4t *-i. Theehaf- expert Sxathsra *_ '*.i af salu atBishop Morris, piously ejaculating—"So let it •WBMB-V world without end, amen!'' to which*• emphatically s4d another amen.-LMS!STM-1°f00UX1">"**th«immoralityof TM g ^ h an o p « Question, and - * —or are they gettingLand Commissioners under theactof1851. *_*»»?_!»*»• l*«*3e*cb Nag^oVanlnS and tne company will not bold ta*aBmlvea^n^M??^issuehissubpoenaforcertainwnsesaestoappearbefore the Covode Committee.MT.TBAIS, ( r e p ) of Mass., said, with hit sense of duty be could never allow the minority to dictate the directionMitr Bococax—But awae arne kindly aad gaasear/ouBstiy t1ost tIry tbe gvBdemaa from Ohio-tend hy torn to a amtofabraa- ixtr•g. k'no and liberal oner-thiat J ^ ^ J J J J ^ raarra to believe that Mr.fleeted he would give us a esaaattnaa toa.W M enSBBBBT Wheat rat la fair£^*^*^Pw w , ^a , r , , , , 1 »*b 0 "- Waarebald chatraasaotmatwmadttsssays presumethatthecompanyaresatisfiedthatthe «J1' <^*"TM'<•*•->•"Mo •h*l«ire*-.LndIuaawrataal to kaow whotives of the Covode Pumping Committee. These revelations led to another develope- ment Mr. Train desired to make a personalexplanation—probably about his coarse in the committee—but in the row which ensued hisLawson, the agent, received a paltryexplanation was entirelywas addressing the Chair, Mr. Houston, fire- eater from Alabama, persisted in endeavoring to obtain the floor, which called forth a se-bis voice that Train was "a disgraceful liar and a scoundrel." The consequence of turn vulgar and brutal outburst was that the black repub-Sergeant at-Arms forthwith to summon certainwitnesses from Pennsylvania and New Jersey was licans at once assumed a defiant attitude, of Postmaster General; for it would never dotions of Winslow and Covode show the petty spite and aims of the black republican party,THE JAPANESE COMING TO NEW YOKK AT ONCE.—It appears that the programme for the visit of the Japanese Embassy has been some- what changed, and the original design of taking them to Niagara and Lake Erie via Pittsburg has been abandoned. They will come on to New York direct from Philadelphia, as will be seen from the following despatch received yes- terday by Mr. Leland from Captain Dupont, the chief of the Naval Committee who have them in charge:—It istori to Richmond than in the election of aforgotten.While heTOT MlTHODlST COXFEKKXCB FWOHTSMBD ATran StariBT QCBSTIQN.—We see by the pro-ceedings of the Methodist Conference at Buffalo they may run up to the majestic falls of that that,\|fter ail the fuss about slavery which has name, and take a sail on the big waters of LakeAawndmanta from the Military Committee to erect an vernnrei: What does thto imply but that he wsatta •srsenalontheRedRtveroftheNorth.to erect barracks leataaoay but arch sa would orisatoato thsYou (Mr. Covode) have came before the Posse, acharacterized the business of the session, thatfromcomingIntotooclosecontactwiththe STATEMENTorTHEATTORNEYGjssnsAL.—Wegste into tbe whole anajast, aad dtocover I S t . f ^ , ^ °"*, "slBKBt of mounted volunteers to spant, aad wbo spent or gave It oat, totbe late elections Now you sav yss warn so • • • • • butsuchsseaaprovesomethingagainstthegovernment And, air, here cosset some toluissshnB tevorrtsg s mtmber of thto Bouse, against whom 1 am aot bere t» impute anything, aad tastasattog that par- baps be (Mr. Senates) awss htt slsottoi tt> aa impnptr use of aaoaey. The grnOeaaaa (ar . Cevrce) wttl bave nothing to so w*n teat » cid101apply totbegovernasnt Hewaaa oalya naa cvtrcwewrongwhichheeaachargetohtoadvavaanea.Mr.Covert-1 madenochargeagainst raymesaner.chapter on slavery "for the Discipline." which^ ^and important communication prepared forhas been expended a. — . ^ ^ bad been previously adopted, was declared by Congress by Attorney General Black, relative " TM « " « # P « ton m e a s u ^ m f t B t V s O ^ 1 ^ !JT! !!____?•"•* ^•»*AaaffllondoUara The »tpiaaasri Adrmcte aaf- i s - . _-arc'srfa*fh—itawi—«•--•- _> ^^--—jn*»jvm • " - - 1 . i — » —w-MB*•*W|~QW BSMI IBSVTS w i t h VIAor weight at ao ewt to the ton anin%^iMiLr ;!.. Tv* totheCalifornia land claims against thego- here orinNew York,^dlag' ^ - ^ K i i t ' g ' K lattercas-paymentmustbeiade atgTsToanS £?commercial intercourse with Japan which theAmerican commerce and the commerce of Eu- rope in the East Since the arrival of the Jspanese in Washington two important point* ba*eb#engained,whichwillenablethiscoun- try to a*ail itself of the advantages of thai treaty to an extent beyond our moat sanguine expectations.One of these is aa arrangement preliminary to the establishment of the currency of the t wo countries on a satisfactory basis. This has been one of the greatest sources of difficultybetween England and Japan.Mr Winalow, of North Caroline, and one of have given directions to have the Japaneseqtrtet, and MOM hmtt-d.r «at*; S00OO burto-te of ccrn war* eag*gad ia walk ea i a ship'soat*farLiverpoolat7Sd.aM;flourwasat2*. aaw cotton at >fd.U\•«r*,« efW.I *ea*e tft C«*,rs«*-Ettr.oi~ •iDkii Woratai of tats Vawoets Pataap.The disgraceful scene that occurred in the Bouse of BepreewatagTaa on Friday Ulns- w a y . - U a R i - l i a <.o:eas tratee to a striking manner the peculiar and de-A..4T>«WT 0 * MC8IC, rauitoeatn street.—teAUAn O nMr CfiTor*. (f*p.)»fPa.. said be nevsr yet SnjBBDSB WSmSBBBBL bwt SSdKBSB' to SSBBBBBBBB farts w h sof St,f«) or S1S.CO0tionsclogs which would hamper its freedom.them." Good, honest Mr. Covode! He doe*The mala pottit of the intelligence ia the acconnte not want any witness placed under the Covode other government will be likely to attack her from-Wall street get their heads together,Mr.WOSLOWspokeof the impropriety of Mr.Covode uavit'g i:\ta aa aptoton as to theof witnesses, on the part af the icourse does not wish that any one else should do so.with Mexico which protects her from Europeanless capital they find it no hard task to com- pete with old and well established institutions,anx.A democratic caucus of the Senate have agreed to adan able and boawst officer He did not go abroad to avoid • beteg sommoaa* baton tha committees There was a st*»timoiy whatever before It to inhad agreed to a treaty on the Turkish question.Accounts from China state that the Celestials from revelations by the Covode pump than ticipate in the benefits we have gained. So far manage to accumulate large sums of money,for money, sad M] a 96 for account.At Liverpool the cotton and breadstuff* marketswere dull, withoat change in prices.The steamship Vanderbilt will probably arrivelonged to the government. We presume thatin adopting this rule Mr. Covode felt at least a tuation gives us, and do not object to the freeothers. ibitk of calller aw before the reformers" Sir, XBB PACIFIC BAHROAO BOX. the reformers—Covode and Company' (Laughter.)at this port to-day with the details of the above news.in brown stone fronts, leaving their victims to manage the affairs of the rotten in- stitution as best they can. The dupes manage to keep the ship afloat until some heavy conflagration takes place, when the bubble bursts and the public learn with un- feigned regret and astonishment that the re- spectable and hitherto sound institution ofmorning, but a majority not being present no businesswas transacted. Mr Curtis offered an amendment to hiscon mittee are the reformers of pcl'ttca! abases to this government f A vain. the writer goes on to say ;there be any danger, Dan will post aw tomoderate degree of confidence that the govern- ment has hot many black republicans in office. In admitting witnesses who have belonged toconcern and invest their ill-gotten wealth The Paciic Railroad CommLtee had a meeting ibis Don sat the world see, sir, that it a a "sou"— that nobody could believe for aa Icsssnt that tha TovodeTHE FITTRE OF MR. SIWARD.—There seems The schooner Martha Skinner, Capt Amidon, ar- the government, but who have been dis- to be a good deal of interest felt in the future rived st Norwich, Conn , from the Island of Som- charged, another point was gained; for men course which Mr. Seward may pursue, after theoriginal bill, whim he Intends to press, providing to take a short trip for ttto goad of mythat the persons named in it shall not be em beatib." -What' to thto Jndean going to aaar Will hapowered to aot or be entitled to any land travel so 'ar for health, from Dan to DstiiBhubat (Cos-until they are Incorporated under some State law. There tiroed laughter.) And who a ih9 vile Seattle who IB to Seep bim posted, so that bo may harry after1to a good prospect that the Southern Road bill will be in- bis brother Judeau to England * Bat, air, thencorporated into the report of the committee, which may is ens evidecc* of the genuineness af the " all the rest Is covered wtth sparioaaassB aad 1brero, which place she left on the 10th ult., brings os news from the British West India islands. At —uguiila snd S t Martina very large quantities of salt hsd been collected. All the islands had suf-who look upon themselves as persecuted, or as unjustly deprived of office, might be willing to tell all they knew, and perhaps a little more,grievous disappointment of his rejection atcommerceemancipated fromhave witnessed for a long time. He informed hostilities. But Mr. Cass has made such ference to the character and stability of cer- the Bouse that he "bad in bis possession the representations to the Ambassadors about tain insurance companies In this city. It seems names of one hundred persona as witnesses; the friendship of our government, and Us that Lawson, who is the dupe of designingbutasineveryinstancetheyhadnoconnec-moralinfluencewithRussiaandthenationsofmen,notonlysuppliedthecitylotswin-toAfrica. Thenegroesaradyingsofastnowtion with the government, he declined to sum-mon them." He further informed the House and our ascendancy in the "hermetic empire" is induced by bogus insurance companies to fur-that -the first thing I always asked was if theyproportionately increased. Indeed, now that Ja-pan has acquired the footing of a nation hold-ing diplomatic intercourse with the great Pow-ers of the world, neither the Russian nor any with. A number ef broken down financiersHe* of life are regardedMr. Oovoi.s lepnsd that he had ipump unless he belongs, or has belonged, to organize an insurance company with some without good cause. The status which Japanfrom Sicily. The statement receiTed by the Ara.bin, of the repnlae of Garibaldi a forces, U flaUy the government; and when any one who has has obtained through the diplomacy of the high sounding name, and with no othernot received an appointment from the adminis-coatradictad. The royal troops were completelydefeated ia the engagement referred to. Garioeldj tration happens to get put-under the pump, Mr different position from what she occupied be- son in the shape of forged paper, bad inveated, ao the report says, the town of Mo- Covode does not wish to question him, and of fore. It is well known that it is our relations they commence business. With such worth- re Ma, which commands the important city of Pa.lerme, and the latest advices state that he hadgained a decisive victory over the Neapolitan troopsUnited States government places her in a verycapital than that afforded them by Law-ready to be taken o u tYork, be said Mr Hart, tfee port of KewYorinvasion, and our cordial and intimate relationsWe do not wonder that Mr. Winslow got with Japan will operate In the same way as which have straggled for years to acquire ahere to the appropriation bills, aad nothing else of any , Mr JOHK GocWBAirs, (dem ) of K Y -Withof Nv Vu'tBMW e want no monopoly, but, on the contrary, desire that all should par-of trade with Japan.the handy little rule adopted by Mr.nnd that aonaaqawntly the war will go on. Covode. No witnesses to be summoned can compete with the nations of Europe in the holders. Then the stock is thrown into the of Congress from Pennsylvania wore elected by nee ofbadrefutedtheultimatumofPranceandEngland,tor saddled with some kind of a claim purportingthe government might require to use, nationaldefences or lighthous\m*~3&igthe reaabasatu'viy * ruanaaTsli far ta> UJJ!..faBuitotoaw• c r y t e scught to bring oatof assavtogtvode) said be badtries, and aVtrafavs diottnid to nwasagrassssaragsandbastaatha t* wfcKh aU the waters af the ocean sssM Tha refusal was cnjwrtt. naed thatWe think it Is quite probable that two thirdsef the amount of all the claims against the go-vernment in all other quarters might be shownjust as fraudulent as those in California. JudgeBlack gives some very interesting details of M0VZMZ1T8 OF THE MPAtfE&B, itea bad broagit <Europe,thattheirspprehensloosarequieted, dlerswiththeseforgeddeeds,buthealsowas that than will not be more than Seven or eight Lnndrad to sand back out of all tb*« havenish them with fictitious bonds, mortgages and deeds of real estate to an enormous amount, by waV of capital, as it were, to start businesssa>B Dunham. " I have been oa my part seem- AtLondon.ontheltd,consolscloaedat!H|a941orexaminedunlesstheybelongorhavebe-JapanesemarketWearecontentwiththemarket,soldtoflatsatparprobably,andthemoney,includingMessrs.Scranton,Moorhead,and inglysohumbleaadawarniSoaatthataoaawoaldito ttthsttdTheS /my fromtheretor .tha,oajB tbankingtheaan^ tallat re 1 trainofthebestilitynatural advantage which our geographical si- competition of any other country.originators of the scheme retire from theIt has been said that he intends to retire from public life after the expiration ofChicago.In this way many of these bogus concernsbe made early next week.A 8FBBtS FROM SBKATOK 8CMVEX.Mr. Sumner's speech to the Senate oa Monday will be a and it is reported that, in declining to deliver failed, and that the stock of the company Is not sequel to hht great speech for which ha was assailed.Bere we esme to the sign manual af thai greatepistle. " A pleasant voyags to you, sad ooafBalOB te Covode and (< mpacy, to the wish of your friend " (Greatlatgbler.) FrM-ao! (General iaaghter.) Sir. thto tonature—all tha rest to coubt. To a y satod It wouldtoplaceapoliceforceoverthefountains.WinestionintheHouseonFridaylaidbaretheone-aFourthofJulyorationonthegreatanniver-worthtencentsonthedollar. OOTODBDBOUXSBARE*OMKATMMTOCOMQBBBB. beaspurtonehoaxwareItaotfortfctoaaa*'tooonafSuch, at least, is the newspaper re-- „WASBWOTOS, June 1,1860.our citizens In the city and Its environs. If they have time before the Niagara is ready for sea,"vote upon it the subject was postponed.TBS MILITAKT APraOPSl^nOa BILL.The Military Appropriation bill was then taken up.a istotutioB to iaqulre Jato the sas ofat the PcBasyrraato elections andbe ray now tt bto reason for not examiaiogB«cause ke rays, they were not connected wtth to*s"°*CALrroRHiALAITOCLAMS—IMPOBTAXT1 1responsible for baggage unless'dehverS mts ttTSnal Texas, S7S8,CO0, and for repairs aad «»»H.n.H of thea resolution, carried by an overwhelming ma-jority,tobemerelyadvisoryinitsnature,andnotatallstatutory;after which the excitingsubject was pronounced settled, the chairman, This statement reveals a system of gross fraud mable or dangerous nature will be received M h«f«iTUB OOVOEB IBTXSTIGArxar. TheHouseresumedthecoawMsrattonofMr.Wlnslow'sand perjury almost without parallel in the re-ta^a^eiaTl0My«00dl« P « » - i i r a » a r r « Scords of governmentthan 803 claims, covering 19,148 square miles of UnitedStatesterritoryinCalifornia,havebeenIt appears that no lessof business.tton from htt ooQeague o a the committee (Mr. wsBStew),as hehadalwaysdone,wtthdeferense;butbe repeatedbeaa you did wrong, when You adaatt you did1 and makes this propj"; m North Oarouna askedturday, the 9th inst, pursuant to advertisementourshipping,WestPoint,theshipyardsand of£40.Bmhscwibesecuredoa!yonpnVmeatot%»•Mge mooev. Th* fare Includes bed, beddli* lineii A ? was token up and discussed, but without arriving at a sicess p»ets*fe? Look first at the genw*"" •'.Z*foundries, and visit the splendid residences of •toward', feet, the attendance or an exTCrten^Ji^^-'asd provision, of the best o^amy, s ^ o s P t ^ a a . ^ S 2 « ; j r f W s , which will be . S a d o a ° b o » r J t t n V ^I.iuGACt—Each pasrenger will b e iiinm.4 t« » . v .ThebatotattletheprivatelandclaimsofCalifornia tionordefence,becanse, forsooth,"*.,£!,. froa, Pennsylvanto hiamelf B s hss. flhr, datrodo^board lucucr matches or otter combostibiMFmK;HT.-A limitedamount<XfloeiraodB"BHIIh***».vernment which have been presented to the pound ttorllng. PareetoSe. e«b.«ncl upwards stS?rdi^ resolution, oflsred yesterday directing the Speaker to_ Southaosptoa.This ig certainly combining modesty in ad- conld not allow bin or the irluoriiy to Aetata to the manotone laidbefore theLandCommissionersundertheChurch. above set, nearly all of whichjeere confirmed vertising with magnitude in dimension; but we responsible, and uure'ore tfcculd pursue our own way. -token something about money, aaS haeither by them or the District Courts to which tae gantKBtaav to say that it* republicans are to a major they were appealed. Almost every spot which "Master ship will make show enough herself tty to ibis Hsuae?to find oat a* ttwbo meo tbat aacary, aad If eidnlwatttoprovsanything Yss,Sir,theypaasMSsweeping resolution, thto Cavede rssahttina, to totawo toneUntitled DocumentwithouttheaidofshowbiiltrMr.TRA»—Idon't Includethegettteman,aadthat'ssasaawawa^BBa,t%r»ss<svsa^ssaws^lp*awa^^w*>IHE ORDER OF BrSKaSS » C'OKGRSSs—THS TARIFF ATO IOAB to ttqurre into francs, aad the Treasury eadetssd him assooth, Dunham is on such terms of I asweareconcernedtheyareopentoall.Weandpayhandsomedividendstothestock-besuccatsfullysubstantiatedthatseveralofthemembersDimbyhttamfrmHarthtttors,tobegtvsatoI Iatthavery anxious to see Now York, having heard so much about !t.Mr. Oovora cxplatoed that Judge Black aad Mr. Marvin were examinedIs your1 wtthZrlJ*t a i R T V - f l l l T Hran aawov.Wwnseicat, jane t, lseo. OAuroaaiA raivAtt um mintMr Wimaow—Judge Black was suamoned by the comajjttae—Mr Marvin I summoned.air. Bocota—Yes, wr, tbe gentleman from Onto moras to ley tbe whole subtest on the »bJ», an the ground that it is nect ssary tor the despatch of public business. Bat, sir, we are paid by tbe year, and we have tbe year hsfers us; and are we to be told that they thall criminate the~**«tt public ."""sttoaary to the land aad atoOaM by assarfei B f l O a t M ,M f ) 'wttteatJone, SUM.cco. and a numberV "."H1"*°rkss"foment,wareofferedandadopted.* / * Adjourned.B e would, however, listen to any sugges-then you cry paceavi! tbe atcmhar from Onto tmn; but when theto nave witnesses'ha thto enamHtas, hahtt coffee at St. Jamesr (Oaasral laoghtor) again,aatttoa to arvsattgetott Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 