 6NEW YORK HERALD.NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1860.-TREPLB SHEETgeani Hlggans, of the Thirteenth precinct, trans- mitieeto fuse the Presidential eltctoral ticket tunitywill be afforded the former to express ground that Lincoln and the republicani r B r t l i w : of his audiences, and establish* betwemferred on Saturday to other wards, were ordered with ten BiecJdnridge electors, and the DoogkB himself opon a subject about which he has may not only be defeated, but maybeIA ||0OHDOIfBII)l"KTTi EDITOR AND PROPKHrOR. <Then,again,Mr.Forrestadheresstrictlytoornci B. w. COONS* or HASBAO ABB rtrtfc* trs. TITBITS. ~*A *t «~W-» *»-*MnftyMaA •«?»»«<«**gained an important and decisive victory might not have to divide local spoils, and to North and East—and expatiating upon a va- H i s R e g a r d .BOWBBT THBATBB, BACOIEC.BO-OTy.-SMQS Of P A *-BABBTAPBAMBBICAHMWWBM,Bro*«w-r-n»__l Break*—Josara A » H is BOOTBM-—UTWO Ctnuosr ass. Ae. _ _ _ _ _ _BBT Ajrrr mWSTBBLS, Meo-antes* BML ITJ Broad—Ay.- , DAJTCW, AO.—CHAW BOAST B u r .Gen. Jackson, was founded upon the one greatThesummerispast,andasregardsthepublic oidinates have blundered into, thenall idealoftheprostrationofthatpowerfulmo- obligatoryoponthem. Theyknewthattheyboundthathewouldmakeabetterchiefi,ar> trate than the ci-devant rail splitters and bnkai down political hacks who are cooflnu&Ur ia-Tho Baropo-B atolls will close Ut this city to morrow Btorolof ot eleven o'clock.ThoKtrooi_i»B%mooovTnH_uu»olUbepublished Mtoo o'clocktotho moroiBf. 8in«la copies, io wrop- poro, six cents.ThooaotSBWofthefrsoi-u*bmo*ornrsEUBUui wtBeomoiootoooewsrooorndbymoilsodtolegrspiiot Usofficedurtngthepretiousweek,sodoptothohoar of pohtlcotioB. ^ ^up at 12tfd. ia ship's bogs.TitoPoliticions Beaten ind theFusionthatmanyoftheleadersintheseoutrageswere not native born Americans at all, bat belonged tothesameimportedelementsthathave causedalltherecenttroubleinCanada.Howetheentiremeritoftbeeconomyinlas*] effectedbythe invention of sewingmachine,i Werepeatthatbuscombinationoftbeneedle andshuttle,thoughIngenious,wasbatanullhis foes, as by last accounts his force was reducedfrom eighty to twenty-five men, and he had him- made wary advances to each other, but eachselfbeenseverelywoundedintheface,andoneof strivingallthetimetocheattheiropponentscircumstances augur well for his future careeras a ruler. In this country, where religionstoleration is a fundamental principle of our con- amount to many millions of dollar-, and that, stitution,andwherereligiousascendencycan therefore,theinventorshouldbeproportion- never hope for recognition, his conduct will in- ately remunerated, or, in other word-, fiat in-to remain in their old places until further notice.sob-committee hare recommended an accept-health the season has been a~Very favorable one. According to the City Inspector's report, there were 514 deaths in the city during the past week, a decrease of 10 as compared with the mortality ofthat will be wanting is that tbe great neyed monopoly, the United States Bank. Union meeting which is soon to come off inthis city shall present a Union ticket of ten With the prostration ot that institution the le-could not identify him in any wayI!. "!IP"IF.—r•without the politicians. Should Richmond re-But as subjects, o f loyalty, absti->r Icrushed out, in November. Theforty-seventhanniversaryofthebattleof anceoftheseterms.Theobjectoftheseveral Douglashasbeenmakingagreatmany ReceptionofSitePrinceorV%oleoInMewaad himself that electric cuoent the as* .bring of which is true genius.been remarkably silent up to this time. Mr.Lake Erie, in which the American naval forces managers was to prevent a fusion, so that they speeches all through the country—South, V o r k — D i s c l a i i n e r s of P - r t y F e e l i n g i n the English classical drama In the estia_»tionof our theatre-goers he is to the works of over the British arms, wan celebrated yes- throw the blame of a failure on the opposing riety of topics, chief among which were the We publish, elsewhere an article from tho Shakspere and Bolwer what Ractel v « to terdayatCleveland,Ohio.Somethirtythou-faction.OnewantstogotoCongress,anotherantecedentsofMr.Breckinridge,intowhombeMetropolitanRecord,theofficialorganofArsfcCorneilleandRacine.InLear,Othello,rdii/lVm^r. Ptm*ie€mmmptwotrtrrirtdatm&mpt'Otksandpersonsparticipatedintheceremonyofin- almstobeagreatlocalpoliticisainviewof hasbeenpitchingwithoutstintofwordsorve- bishopHughes,stronglycondemnatoryoftheHamlet,Macbeth,Corielanus. RichardULm7Sg DAJl T HgSAlt) twotmt,p*r m fTf^J•"*?m- auguratinff * monumental statue to Commodore possible federal spoils, and all prefer fight- hemence; but he basj never definitely stated disgraceful party feuds which offered a tempo- and Cardinal Richelieu Mr. Forrest tbisMM. or »}Mr <-».«*. the Swept— MwUtm m;<* f < M < * , Perry, the hero of the vistory. among whom were ing each other and letting the State go for Lin- whether he (Mr. Douglas) is in favor of fusion— rary interruption to the good feeling and har- a repertoire in which he has no rival, i sw i i l t m V v dJowrttMrt,*** «» *«'«^P«>to/e. * «mtrrmm.ormlItwrramwwm. _ . , . . ^«F*arUr«SAZZ»«ii WW******.e«/ow efa*j>erseveral survivors of the conflict, and the Governorand staff, and members of the Legislature of Rhode coln rather than give up their petty local aims. Island,ofwhichStatetheCommodorewasana- Tbeyhavecheatedeachother,andoverreachedthat lis, of a union electoral ticket against Lin- these latter days, when so much French trash mony that have everywhere marked the recep-colnandHamlininthisState. Ifbeisnotin tionofthePrinceofWalesintheBritishPro- isplaceduponthestage,itisiodeeditfreojiiufavor offusion, then heis electioneeringfor toknowthatthereisstill oneactor who ad- vinces. This article, taken In connection withLdnrioln;andas,withoutfusion,hecannotget. tbeemphaticdeclarationofGrandMasterCa-herestotheworksofthegreatBaeter,antone JeJectoral "vote in New York, of course he meron at Toronto that he would trample his is wbrking for Lincoln, and against himself. regalia under foot if a riot resulted from the At tbe barbecue of to-morrow is just the fit contemplated processions of his fellow Orange-^oTvMJLMrTokkMSPOSDMNCS, tmtoMnf import*,.! tive, George Bancroft, the historian, was the themselvM, to the manifest advantage of the tohrUrafromamyowmrUrofAmworld;ifwmd,wil'b*oratoroftheoccasion.Hisaddress,andanac-country.DeanRichmondandhiscorruptAl- to sou. ALL Lsrrsas aoo PAW count of the celebration, are given in to-day's pi- bany clique have got themselves into a positionlabors to give a just and pure artistic Interpre- tation of the immortal creations of tbfirstdr*. matic author that the world has everieea. Mr.t^TrWifomdmmof mwmvmomeerrmpmdtwx. Wtdonot per.technically known in Wall street as a corner.Instead of having the blame of a defeat thrownupontheBreckinridgefaction,itisthrownupon tingTtimetoexplainhimselfexplicitlyupon men,affordsindisputableevidencethatthe Forrestupholdsthetruedignityofthedrati*, them. Iftheyrefusetoratifytheactionof thatpoint,anditwouldbewellforsomeone conductoftheextremistsofneitherpartyhas andeneofhisperformancesisabethtdefence their sub committee, it will be an open confes- to ask him the question while he is delivering met with the concurrence or sympathy of its re- of the stage than could be gotten up ry a regi-pmwrw.rStemdmwtwmmimtbm*. ' __ ADrtMTI&gMMIfTS reimtM trery day: adrertti^wml* {«•ittounderstoodthattheAlbanyRegencyState tried to f*cWSBOLWUsaaLo.FAULTEUMLUA,O»<I<»«A« Committeehave,byalargemajority,rejectedtheJOBPHWTI&w exttuiadwiAnmtneu,cJteap**Mand<fcpropositionoftheBreckinridgemenforafusion upon the Presidential electoral ticket Another meeting, however, of the State Committee is tosion that they are working for Lintoln, and this v.111 be the last of the rotten Albany Regency. Richmond, Cagger &Co. will euhtide into the bosom of Thurlow Weed's Albany junto, and we shall hear no more of them.his ©ration. ment of pamphleteers or an army ofparsons. cognized head. It would, indeed, b e surpris-1 hePresidential Uaestion—Public Senti- ingifinthisnineteenth centurytherecouldbe If,aftermakingthetourof thecomtry,Mr.Volue XXV.u r a n mrawW.Wo. »{V*be held at the St. Nicholas Hotel, in this city, on Friday nextACADBXT o» irowc, fo«towu» trs*. ftwtf or»- lA—I*BIBLCS 0ABDB5, Broadway W'IBTBB OABDBB, Broa-waf. -BOUTTO0000 lAKK-mM BOOO IffcTUB-IlIM TlOOO.Our Albany correspondent telegraphs thattionkry movement, our old party politicians, tality and decency as these wretched sectarian whiletheyimaginetheyareleading,areinre-squabbleshaveledto.Inpresenceofthe notappearinthepoliticaltheatretSomtyetntoo. _ _ _ _ _ _LACSA KBBOT8 THBATBB. H a CM Brqo«w*j.-TEl •OOKOT B o r . _ _ _ _ _ _the investigation did not proceed, though Messrs. Tappan and Craven were present. A communi- cation was received from Mayor Wood, declining to attend the meetings of the committee.ties since the day of Gen. Jackson's elevationto t | s Presidency.fuse to ratify the arrangement his eub- The democratic party, which was created byone effort to rendu- his visit as agreeable andmember, and would not only teach our leria_t- tors how to speak intelligibly, but also hi- to behave properly. Mr. Forrest would not b tooB »The committee of the Aldermen, appointedtoinvestigate the reasons for the removal of Mesirs.Tsppaa and Craven by the Mayor fromtheir respective positions of CommissionerandChiefEngineeroftheCrotonWaterDe- newsoftheproposedfusionhasthrownCagger partment, were to have met yesterday after-m e n t B i g h t , font Omx O l d P a r t y H a c k i found amongst the educated classes of CanadaA l l W r o n g . any half-dozen intelligent men to countenanceId all great political revolutionary or reac such flagrant violations of the laws of hospi-Forrest should still determine to retire com the stage, it is not possible that he caa remix idle. He is in the prime of Life, full of variedbuent, rich in mental acquirements. Why ahendheA Co. into dismay, and that Richmond has start-afternoon at two o'clock. There was only; one ed hot foot for this city,to endeavwr tobreakit ion.] At all events thus it has been in all theBOWBBT THBATBJB, BowefT.-WurtSA's TALS-OOMW member of the committee present, however, and up. But it is too late. The bill has been vicissitudes and changes of our political par-started, and the people will acceft the fusionality far behind the march of public opin-obligations contracted by the invitation pressed ago we remember that he declined a Carres. upon the acceptance of .the Prince, all were sional nomination; but he may not nowieof bound to sink their personal differences in the the same mind. He would be a most vahabitwith their disputes without damagingBreckinridge, ten Bell andfifteenDouglas elec- gitimate mission of tbe democratic party of him serijusly in England, where the law triguing and manoeuvring to make their defc*/KTBL0*B BALOOK, Broadwov.-HeotOT * C_*ra*xi'i the week previous, snd 44 less than occurred tors, and appoint a Vigilance Committee to see Gen] Jackson was accomplished, and the whig and tbe policy of the government are paths end at the door of the White House. ,•laor-BU—Bnuatn 8""*HMBOT-BET-WTTOCauroaBATIOBALTHBATRK.C_ot-oa» *re*t.-«m*v**iiA* m - h M i AAsnuJU-i AJID YA_-_B IftWMtr—BLACK KTH•CASTTSKSUBT MUSIC HALL. 863 Broadwor-So*S«. run—, Boa-moss, Ac:TT-TRIPLE SHEET. Took,Tneoda-,—pto—>w11,186©.nunc.luringthecorrespondingweeklastyear. There- thattiecorruptpoliticalmanagersdonotsell partvofHenryClaywasbeatenfromthefield. both opposed to all such demonstrations. VThereforeituasbecomeimperativeonthe re-Sewing MmALints—R«ported Exun*ir\«csrnuiationtablegives2deathsofdiseasesofthebones, joints, ore, 82 ot the brain and nerve?. 5 .o!tbe geuerative organs, t, of the heart and tioodvessels, 117 oi the lungs, throat, Ac, 7 ot old age,42 ot diseases of the skin and eruptive fevers, 182ofdiseasesoithestomach,bowelsandotherdi- theexpensesoftheelection,andconfideittothe houjj.themselvestoLincolnandattempttoburkeit The merchants and property holders of this city, whose vast interests are at stake, should at once raise one hundred thousand dollars forSinclethatdaythesuccessesofwhigsandde- mocrats in our national contests, with a single exception, have been the results of accident or some desperate expedient for the passingspectable members of both parties to publicly repudiate conduct which involved them in aH o w e ' s Povtent—Ontrovgr o n t h « P u b * , It is rumored, we know not wits how met truth, that the Commissioner of Patents y*-grstive organs, 64 of general fevers, 5 premature Union Vigilance Committee to see that it is Id 1840, with the United States Bank out of then, that it was only the fag end and rabble ofbirths, 2 of disease of the urinary organs, and 30 honestly expended in printing and circulating the way, and upon thefinancialtroubles result- tbe two religious denominations that took partfrom violent causes. The nativity.table gives 375 documents, and other necessary aad proper ex- ing worn tbe pet bank System, the remains of in the recent scandalous scenes. The enlight-nativesoftheUnitedStates,81ofIreland.30of penditures.BysodoingNewYorkcanbecar- Gen.Jackson'sdemocraticpartyweresobadly enedandsoberportionoftheCanadianGermany, 10 of England, 1 of Scotland, and the beat m that many sagacious meH supposed that community are no more to be blamed balance of various foreign countries. ried against Lincoln without a doubt, and theThecottonmarketwassteadysndpricesunchanged, nationalconservativeinterestsofthismetropolis thisWasthefinishingblow. Butthis delusive for them than are our own publichis sewing machine patent for seven y e s . This, unfortunately, tbe Commissionerhas potr to do withogt reference to Congress. After 4 firs'termoffourteenyears,towhichthe\. tentee is entitled, has expired, a dweretioa- power to the above extent is erven to the . partmect, but for any further privilege the •while tbe sales embraced 600 a 700 bates. Four ad- will have defeattd the revolutionary and de- triumph of the whigs was turned to ashes upon tor the sectarian or political excesses that B.wTor*Hsrold-C-llXoTmio.BM|Uo_.vancedfivecentsperbarrelforsomedescriptions,whilestructivedesignsoftheblackrepublicanandtheirlips,withthedisastrouseffortsofMr.Clayoccuramongstusfromtimetotime.Theburn-pticantmustgotoCongress.C»oactive,with wheat engaged for Liverpool, ia balk,at 12,Hd, and chiefly in ship's bags a t 1 3 d . A vessel w a sdroughtwhichvisitedsomeoftheSouthwestern States, is exceedingly large—have imparted aagainst the universal personal popularityofnotbythis mean to depreciate the practkalThoMilno-BMBipNortkoraUfht,CoptTinUepou(b, themarketwasmoreactive,withpurchasesofStateand t h o port BMop, »t BOOB, lor AjptawolLtoreestablish thatexploded institution,a ingdownoftheCatholicconventsandchapels Theimpolicyofextendingpatentsaftertaoploi,towroppera,roodyfor____«,atxoonta. ofnewmessat61946a61950,aadofaewprimeat614 quartersofthecountry,andthebusinesspro- hitupontheexpedientoftheannexationof large.Theyoriginatedwiththeveryscumofour hisownadmission,upwardsofhalfanuilioiwill plo-ot M - 4 h i thoir orders u eorty i s pos- 12 % a 614 26. Sugars more steady. with a good demand mises to be ene of the largest and most profita- Texas, for the campaign of 1811, against the of dollars for inventions which are simply in from both t h e reflning a a d grocery trade, with population, and met with neither sympathy norabolition fanatics. tor CoUibraia u d ot_«r ports of UM Pooile Western broads on speculation aad for shipment. South- the work.Let every man prepare forfirst term, unless under peculiar circumstancUM MoM BUOIUB—BI fro-t oil p-ru of tho WitBo-WgO i-ontitr »f WaU -M l o-owllwonw ', will to poolto-od •» -oir-poot olao o'clock l» thoEXTRAORDINARY AcrrvrrT OF THE FALL out df the way, and the whig and the democra- more, Cincinnati and Louisville were at a laterTEAPE.—Thefalltradeisopeningatanadvanc- ticpattieswere again left without any(great ed period and with unusual activity this sea- overruling specific issue between them.justice to the public Interests we mutt prote against the action of the Commissioner in M Howe's case, which does not at all fall whaLHAHJB FOB KUBOFS.Bow %'ork HeroId— Kdltlon lorsalesofabout1J00 bbds.,980boxes aad860bogsot blewehaveeverenjoyed. Theabundanthar- whigsunderthebannerofHenryClay. This approval*fromtheeducatedanddecentportion piovements,andwhich,ifhehadneverenter* rates given ia another column. Coffee was quiet, awaiting vests of the West, and the fine cotton crop of was a happy hit; but even the popularity of the of the American public. It would be just as fair the field at all, would have infallibly suggeitecflMCOiurd moil steamship Africs,CopUia Shaaaoo, chartered for Glasgow to load with wheat atp. t. A Wttltaovothisportto-morrowforLiverpool.One of the strongest evidences of the prosperity over to Birney some fifteen thousand anti- of business is the immense increase of advertis- slavery whigs in New York, thus turning overingwhichweexperienceatthepresenttime. thisStatetoMr.Polk,bythevoteofwhichheern Boor was firm and prices unchanged, whUe the de- mand wot feed. Wheat was active, and some descrip- tionsotthebettorqualitiesworefirm,aadsales,hereaadUnited States Bank. Defeated by the vetoes of in Boston and Philadelphia, and the scenesJohn) Tyler, the bank question was again put of bloodshed and violence of which Balti of hardship, is now generally admitted. .to arrive, on speculation and for export, were targe-Corn was also firm, with large sales at prices given else-where. Porkwassteady,andlafairdemand,withsales son. Thecity isfull of purchasers fromall In[thisexigencytheleadersof thedemocracy politicalintoleranceonthepartofourpeopleat thiscategory. Hehasreceived,accordingtpublic sales to be bold to-day. Freights were tolerably the South—which, notwithstanding the partial Texas annexation project would have failedto charge the Protestants of Newark with the 1 t.-mselves to any ingenious mechanic. We dariotous excesses committed b y th e so-calledProtestant societiesthatvisited theirtownthe value of his discoveries. TVa wttetif otherdayastoidentifyusasanationwiththe mentionthefactsasananswerUtheargi- events that disgraced some of our principal ments used before the Commissioier incities at the periods referred to. It is notorious port of the claim, and which arrogate to MrMr.Ciavhad he notwrittenalittle halfway BritishbarkforBristoltoloadwheat,inbulk,wastaken wonderfulstimulustotradeinthemetropolis. annexationlettertoAlabama,whichturnedMade—The Only of the Monster Meet* Wehaveneverohadsucha floodofadvertise- wasElected.Inf. ments pouring in upon us at so early a periodThepressureofpublicopinionhasforced oftbefallseasonbefore.Onthedayswhen In1848thefamilyquarrelbetweentheVantbeleadersofthedemocraticfactionstoar-wedonotpublishatriplesheetweareinvaria- BureudemocracyofNewYorkandtheDemo-rangethebasisofaonionofalltheconserva- blyobligedtoleaveoutsomeadvertisements craticConventionatBaltimoreresultedainthe The sametclas8 of persons will,inall stephiadvanceontheoriginalinvention,wttokdefeat o f Gen. Cass, by turning over the elec-that the Empire State may be saved from the modate all our advertisers in the ordinary dou- toral] vote of New York to Gen. Taylor. Thus pleasure in resisting the haw and in settingmust of necessity hare been immediately arrived at by other makers, and it is merely the priori- ty that be had in patenting a simple idea that has brought his name so prominently before tbetive Interests on a single electoral ticket so until the next day. It is impossible to accom-The election in Maine for members of Congress disgrace of permitting its voice to be cast for a ble sheet editions. Yesterday, for example, we the election of 1844 and that of 1848 were bothplaces and under all circumstances, takeTito Wows.and the Legislature, and State and county officers, radical revolutionary candidate by a fanatical took place yesterday, and, as will be seen by oar minority of the people.telegraphic despatches, the republicans carriednearly everything. The vote was the largest ever This consummation, so devoutly wished for cast in the State, and the republican gain in consi- by every patriotic citizen, has been brought derable. about against the will of the shortsighted andwere compelled to hold over a full column of advertisements, for want of room.There is nothing to cloud the splendid pros- pect before us but the unsettled condition of the political relations of the country, pendingdetermined by the mere diversion of the anti«sla- very {balance of power of the Empire State, and thus this anti-slavery element loomed up into a formjdable engine among the managing politi- cians, especially of the whig party.themselves against public opinion. It wouldbe bard indeed if others were to be held re-sponsible for their misconduct; and we there- world. For the labor bestowed on it he hoiThe steamship Bohemian, with European ad- selfish managers of the two political organiza- the Presidential election. If, among all the Thv contest of 1852, however, decisively ex-fore can understand the anxiety of all respect- able Canadians to repudiate any connection with them. They hold individually just the same sentiments in their regard as are enter- tained generally by the American public.vices to the 30th alt., arrived at Farther Point yes- terday. Her news is one day later than that previously rsceived.We have important news from Honduras.Walker has again failed in hisfilibusteringenter-prise. The commander of the British man-of-warIcarus. whose arrival at Truxillo has been alreadyreported, ordered Walker to evacuate the town, terest and tbe Bell interest, that without a which he did, pursued by his enemies down the fusion the State would be lost, and each setcoast. He undoubtedly had a severe struggle with wished to avoid the blame o f bringing aboutOne good has resulted from these demonstra-come evident to the managers of the Breckinridge interest, the Douglas in-such a result Under this conviction they havebeen magnificently remunerated, and it h to be hoped, in the interest of public policy, that the extension said to have been obtained by him will turn out to be unfoundedIf the argument on which the Oomm'iwioaer isreportedtoentertainafavorableopinionof Mr. Howe's claim be correctly stated, it vHl not be found in consistence with the viewdefeat the dangerous revolutionary faction led scure] New England politician over the most and increased his popularity amongst all taken by Congress of the expediency by Lincoln and Seward, and the other abolition distinguished military chieftain of the age. This rational and liberal minded people. The of patent extensions in general. Judg-ing from the quantity of the Hose machines that have been sold during the present term of the patent, it is argued that the quantity sold during the next seven years mu«ttions, and is a manifest acknowledgment on agitation and speeches of the different candi- hibited the feebleness of this anti-slavery ele-their part of a conviction that the masses dates, the people could get before them the ment against the united conservative forces ofwill not support either of them separate- issue, plain and simple, upon which to vote for the country, in the election, almost by the tions. They have brought out into broad re- ly In their insane projects. It had be- some one man of conservative tendencies, to unanimous vote of the several States, of an ob- lief the sterling character of the young Prince,With $4,700,000 in specie. Miramon was at the ral ticket was resting on them, and doing the reign of terror into the Southern States, are Cincinnati were compelled to cast overboard long and honorable connection with the dramatic with the Howe improvement?, owing to the capital, concentrating his forces, and the liberals them great injury in all parts of the State, ap- endorsed in the most thorough manner by the bothIPierce and Douglas, and all others con- art, andto retire altogether from the profession protection afforded to the patentees by the U». were advancing rapidly on the city. pointed a sub-committee, composed of Ben. Maineacs. Washburn has been elected Go- cerned in that Kansas Nebraska reopening of of which he has been the acknowledged bead is from seventy-five, to a hundred dolUu*.In our Havana correspondence, elsewhere, will vernor, and all the members of Congress and the slavery agitation, and to take up Mr. Bu- for more than quarter of a century. In view of although their expense of manufacture does not befoundanaccountofthelateSpanishexpedition Woodandtwoothers,toconferwiththeBreck- ofbothhousesoftbeStateLegislaturearesup- chanan,whoseperfectinnocenceinthatmatter thisreport,wesuggestedthatasMr.Forrest amount to a fourth of the-*-aa$- toSanDomingo,itsobjects,origin,Ac.Thereiainridgemen,butgavethisaub-committeenoposedtobeofthetrueabolitionstripe.Thisnomancouldquestion.Mr.Buchanan'sper-wasstillinhisprime,enjoyingallhispristineWhilsttheinventorsshouldbeaccorded4something rather mysterious in the affair. Our authority to clinch a bargain. In view of this settles the question of the duty of tbe national sona^ popularity, by the narrowest possible es- vigor, tempered and chastened by careful men- fair remuneration tor their labors, it is o*01' correspondent hints that Prance has designs on step the Breckinridge committee, presided over conservative men of New York. They stand cape^ saved the deinbralized democracy from a ial culture, as he was without a rival near the festly against the interests of society that Go*Hayti and sanctions Spain's movements in San by John A. Green, met at the Astor House, and between the Northern and Southern fanatical,Domingo. appointed a similar sub-committee, to confer eectional factions; they it will be that • By the arrival of the overland pony express we with Ben. Wood and his colleagues. These subcrushing defeat.throne, and as all the great actors—GaTTick. gr<rss should give them 4 Jonger mOu«,,poly.3, Kean, Talma, Macklin and others—had re- the benefits of their ingenuity ?hAA will 6ti5> mained on the stage even longer than Mr. For- to eftt.ct that object We contend that uue iu* j rest, he should at least gratify his legion of ad- been done in Mr. Howe'a case, and we protest, | mirers by playing a round of farewell en- in the name of the poor, overworked creature* gagements. Weareglad tobeableto an-fortheimprovementofwhoseconditionProvi- nounce that Mr. Forrest has acceded to dence evidently inspired the idea of the eewiflf, the generally expressed public wish, and that machine, against ire price being thus unnecessa-It was hoped that this narrow escape from Lave advices from San Francisco to the 20th nit. will receive the shock of a collision; their inte- destruction would operate to teach some les- The people of California are entirely absorbed in committees met and warily sounded each other. rests will be the first to suffer and the greatest sons "of prudence and wisdom to our demo-the political caavass. which bids fair to be as After ascertaining their respective views, they sufferers, and their paramount duty now is to cratic politicians; but the evidences to the con-vfrulentasanythathasbeenheldinthatState. Buwness at Han Francisco was rather dullpresentedtheirseveralultimatums,uponwhich stopthesetidesofextremesectionalfanaticism. trarytarebeforeusinthepresentdisjointed they thought no agreement would be made. New York must save the Union from the terri- and confused condition of the overwhelmingWaswonbytheMayBellRoberts,rowedbyPat B omtick Lynch, who beat his competitors, Thomas Z~* 4j Md, wrote a letter to its chairman BarnsandThomasHunt,"byonehundredboats' ST2 *•J"*,asfarashehadauthority,haveceasedtobe.ThewillsofVictorG.Audubon,JohnW.Bowmltteeflea and John T. Allen have all been admitted toprobate. The property distributed by them is con By this system of mutual ch«n«n„ *vwas the result of an issue which the people ac-firmness, dignity and sense of justice States would go for him. The only danger now cepted between the position of Pierce, as the that he has displayed under such tryingto tbe realization of the magnificent promises of head of a conservative movement, and the posi- commercial prosperity before the people is the tion ot Gen. Scott, as the supposed instrumentfear that this sectional agitating party of Lin- of W. H. Seward and other anti slavery agita- colnandSewardmaybesuccessful—aparty torstocompassthecontroloftbegovernmentagitators, tw o to one even of the Northernhis colonels killed. Seven of his wounded had and secure the lion's share of the public plunder. which, if it attains power, will disturb all the Th|s election of Pierce was a conservativekeen placed on board the Icarus. This has been the constant aim of Dean Rich- relatione of the country, political and commer- triumph against the slavery agitators; but be sure him a still more cordial reception than any stead of being a half millionaire he should beThebarkRoebuck,fromBoenosAyresandMon-mondandhisclique,andofGideonTuckerandcial,whichmayleadtolocalinsurrectionsandwastooblindtoperceiveitHeaccepteditthathehasmetwithsincehehassetfootonmadeawholeone.Weneednotpointoutthetevideo, brings about two weeks later news from his set, in the recent negotiations between the general anarchy. With such a prospect before as a victory of the democratic party, and the the American shores. lie need not dread here absurdity of such an argument If admitted itthose ports. Gen. Urquiza was in Buenos Ayres leaders of that party adopted the same fatal would at once establish what Congress has de- daring the celebration of national independence, Douglas and Breckinridge interests, which have them, it is not to be expected that people will any recurrence of the embarrassments that haveJuly9,anddaringthereviewsomeactsofinsub-resultedinforcingeachpartyintoapositionbasemuchuponsouncertainafuture,andtheblunder.Thus,overlookingtbepeopleandLatelybesethim.TheendorsementofArch•terminedtogetridof—avestedinterestontbeordination occurred on the part of the military, which is ia itself an equitable fusion of the wonder is that business is so active just now the rial issue of his success, poor Pierce, with which, however, were overlooked. Elections to the electoral tickets, and now only waits the rati- even as it is. Mr. Douglas and the managers of the democra-part of the inventor in all the future proceeds of his discovery. But the injustice of the prin- ciple cannot be better demonstrated than byConvention were to be held on the 5th, 6th and 7th fication of Green and Richmond, the chairmen Of August. Gold discoveries arc announced in the of the opposing State central committees, toprovince of San Juan. The British residents of present the united conservative ticket for the BuenosAyreshadpresentedanaddresstoGen.supportofallclassesofthepeople.Urqaizs, with which he was much gratified. Tradewas dull. The details of this negotiation, which has re-cy ia Congress, was led astray to that ruinous THE ELECTION IN MAINE.—Our telegraphic offerbg to the Southern democratic pro slavery despatches from Maine show that the election politicians of the Cincinnati Convention, the inthatStateyesterdayisliketbehandleofa KansasNebraskabill,wherebythefactwas jug, all on one side. Lincoln and Hamlin's ir- instantly discovered that the existence of an all repressible conflict, and Seward's policy of powerful democratic party was a miserable de-bishop Hughes, and tbe emphatic discourage-ment given to Orange fanaticism by Grand Mas-ter Cameron, will effectually keep down anydisposition that may exist to renew the misera- the example before us. Here i- a man who htfWe.have accounts from -Havana to the 7th inst. sulted so differently from what its conductorsThe sugar market was dull, aud freights had slight- desired, are curious and instructive. The abolishing the army and navy, in order that lusion.OF MR. FORREST.—Some time ago it was freely poor sewing girls, who toll twelve or fourteen stated,inthepressandprivatecircles,thatitwas hoursinthedaytoekeoutaprecariou-subsist-lydeclined. Thehealthofthecitywasgood.The Richmond, tagger &Co.committee,finding emancipatedandfreenegroesintheNorthmay Wiatnext? Tosave themselves fromabso- TeviothadarrivedatHavanafromVeraCruz,thattheonusofarefusaltofuseOHanelecto-bepermitted,unmolested,tocarrycivilwarandlute{annihilation,themanagingpoliticiansattheintentionofMr.EdwinForresttoclosehisence.Thecostofthebestsewingmachine*,The Breckinridge men demanded ten electors ble results that would flow from the election ofbeing an equal number with that arranged with a fanatical Northern President It is in the forces) opposed to this anti-slavery republicanthe remnant of the old Know Nothing organiza- hands of the national conservative men to do party.j The whig party has been dead and he has already commenced his campaign, rily enhanced.Thesixthannualregattaofthe EmpireCitvRe-gatta Club took pl»ce opposite Conrad's Parkthe Bastriver,yesterday. The weather was veryfine, snd the attendance of spectators unusuallylarge. There werefiveraces for prisea of more orless value, and the distance ran was five miiea more than six. On obtaining this result the toral ticket, in which the three schools of con- a resurrection, and halting upon old whig prin- pared for a long engagement at Niblo's Garden, turn out to be correct it will le^d to one import- .Thefirstrace,forfishingboatsnotexceedingsev- enteenfoot,was won by the Alpiu; the second Six-oared lapstreak boats, manned by amateurs, by the Golick: the third, seventeen feet workingBreckinridgeStateCommitteepassedaseriesof servativesshallbeequitablyrepresented. Let ciples^ Thesame maybesaid ofthe debris wherehewillmakehisreninein thecharacter ant result Wehavealwaysbeenoppo-n-dwj,flaming resolutions, authorizing their chairman* them remember the olden time, when it was of Hamlet, a rdlt which he has latterly made to arrange a fusion on the rejected terms, and said, "as goes New York, so goes the Union;" of the late American party and of the lateburied for eight years; but still there are halt- having played hi Baltimore during the • tion, and the Douglas men refused to concede this, by presenting and sustaining a union elec- ing old line whigs all over the land hopeful of last fortnight, and being now pre- Should the reported extension of this pateU *•djournedsine (ft*. Thisputthe onuson the andleteveryNewYorkerthrowasidealllocal boats.bytheJosephBrown;thefourth,four-oaredDouglassub-committee,asthepropositionwasandpartisanpreferences,anddetera_inetogoaresticklersfortheirpartyprinciplesandplat- WeareledtocallparticularattentiontoMr.neversohonestitwouldexposehimtoucjuaIboats, by the George J. Brown; the fifth and last *& «quttable ene; and Ben. Wood, as soon as into thisfightas a national man, and to win it on forms, and what not, when all these things are Forrest's farewell performances—we presume fuspicions, and in any case to temptations which race, for the champion sculls and chsmpion flag. *»found that the Breckinridge committee had the broad basis of the union of all for the < ike the useless remaining rubbish of parties that that he intends now to take his leave of the not one man out of ten can resist. J^110<*r«rused,andtorecom-of ail.public—for two reasons. at the enormous value of the interests involved Suchlaretheincumbranceswhichblockthe Inthefirstplace,Mr.Forrest,whateverhis iasuchpatentsasthoseofColt,theIndiarub- waytolacordialfusionoftheoverwhelming faultsmayhavebeen,istheonlygreatactor bercompanies,theTelegraph,andtiff/other-lengths—time40minutes12Jseconds. wZSSfJwwV?*"P 0 n b ytivesofthetestators. \ agreedtoacceptanequitablefu^nZ ^ v ofmusicareparadingthestreets,callingatten- obstructions,andwithinthetwomonthsinter- littlehourtheyhavefadedout,andleftForrest worththeirwhiletogivesuchamrionetTHE GREAT DOUGLAS BARBECXK TO-MORROW - conservative body of the people North andCorn- AgrandDouglasbarbecuewillcomeoffto- thatthiscountryhaseverproduced. There thatwecouldname. Ofwhatimportance1morrow at Jones' Wood, for which the most South against this slavery agitating and sec- have been others who enjoyed popularity would be for the owners of any of thesetional republican party. But some Important for a brief period; a few, perhaps, who gave find a Commissioner of Patents accessible f f I.erablt, but it is bequeathed entirely to the rela- mitto« have each o v e r r e n c h S t m ^ ^ r d extensive preparations are being made; bands steps have been made in the removal of these promise of great excellence; but after their the influence of a bribe. It«#o,ild be weilUntitled DocumentDou las Stete *" Sdemocratic party. The old party hacks of each his especial study.tbe placing in the hands of any public officer* power so dangerous as that which is coaii* totheCommissioner uaderthelaw. Werehejgrateful to him as possible.overflowing with professionsnence from party manifestations was still more old, either, for the Presidency. We wtt hocommon odium.Thefact,aswesuspected,turnsoutto be,grantedEliasHowe,Jr.,afurtherextensiperiod the theatres, cannot, with any historical truth, be charged to a spirit of religious orble dissensions that clouded for the moment bis otherwisebrilliantprogress.REVIVAL or THE LEGITIMATE DRAMA—REXTREEbeen made abundantly rich by the moaopol| ofachanceidea,ofbutverylittleoriginality in itself, who claims to tax for a perpetuity the very lifeblood oi hundreds of thousandi of The Police Commissioners yesterday received have thro ,n the whole onus of d e f e a ^ Z tion to the fact that a monster on will be vening jo the day of the grea\ battle the con-309 South 4th StreetFulton New Yorkroasted whole upon the occasion.J -•)t i e lasignatioa of patrolman John Ewen. of the measure upon Richmond. Onwww.fultonhistory.com:-erTatirt» *>!*>mi»nt» nf thaVrv-*h mow } a Krnn.ktVTM. ....1. I . L I . --Thomas M. Tryniskithree, or even four hundred thoi- .nl <I •13069tbe sole representative of the tragic muse. Mr. 