 THEENGLISHPRINCESVBROAD.TfeC friiCt Of Wtltf U AJBerim l i d f r i l t l D«fca of Newcastle, Lord Lyoas aad UM Mayor of tee Baitimore, where they are expected toaigkt.IpTomS^)^^^^^^ ••••<*"-portto the Ad-utant on the rormation ground OompanyK. cait >eter Rath,wrttl receive the co'ors from ttnOMoalfrttl in ifriea.rBEPABATioro roe ragBOTAL PABItoUvemeaTbel regiment Will assemble, ta full uniform, withknapiaekealasg.jtorInspection aadJ*^wi^^u*: everbsaoreseenmAmerica. ProvidedtoereshaMbeaeARRIVALOFTHEPRINCEINPH1ADELPHIAI general durcz toe BevoleUoa. . .t-v— Amar bte b u t of Lafayette filled one of thairight.wkbMappealahcetof our military f The Buss pavement, whenvery slippery, making it very difficult for Uie menour Naw York ootemporarMS, taking matters qmetly than tkey take them. They aay that we everything "hard," which may be true, as toere is LUM Prtsce'a hat had boss knocked off by aa apple tarown from UM crowd last night; bet this story ranks with that of tbe Richmond disturbances, and ia authoritative-ly denied.The ride through tbe city occupied the time till noon,It waa expected that the African church, the first ever established, would be visited, but it was omitted.Some of the royal euite have enpressed a deelretoseea clave sai* , hut their presence at euch might give rise tofalse conjectuset, and they will consequently forego Uu have been going on for weeks past, orders ha; eight.>m nmt>.WNEW YORK HERALD, mtSBtMcarnage afoot was only exceeded by the crowi that pur- tie beaaufu scesery to be wi mmOOTOBEri 10, im-TglTUBJgT.will parade la full uniform, with _whichhavebeenooegftlfartt*eatiMMtimsntofLersk toellUtmat.TawragtomwiaiUsewillbe *~**<*2 Taylor, aad which UMSaexoreWe OiHesk • • • * oUa** iinmnimi rirht on Broadway—at, Ma • ctooa A.. •suedbiastornr*totheCat*totaltarthaonsMiaaioa«fthehavenotyet handed;ovarto Iksewaara,despitetheirargent eotreaties, and UManxiety and tmpstienoe of UM^ordinary eervtoe, but before tea administration of the aa-' oraeeot Hewaaaccompaniedatthistimeonly byUM Washington,fromwhtohphMStkey»«»«•*•"•c<City.Tbsy were received oa arriving by the Governor of UMStale,who conducted them,fi»st,Into thaHailofDew- BAL Kate*, where aa oid armchair, formerly that of tha Speak-HowTheyAwBeceivedontooTwoerifUMHouseolBurgesses,whitethmcouatrywaaaBri- s.dnanSSmn.nonitb^-msenawJhojc«om•poseSM tia raster dghundred and one articlee whtoh are indispen-sable onauch an occasion. Among these maybeIncluded opera otoelce^ or which Beekmaa has a greatvariety on ashibttkm. They are of duferent atiapea—somewithhoods,otherswithberthas-huttoemajorityare made In toe Arab style, whtoh Is ao popular atContinents.TIB PRIME OP WALES 4*Wi6 TIE F. F. IAS.Tbe Ladle* of the Old Dominion • in a Flatter.Host of the Royal Suite Anxious to Attend a MJa-e Sale.Lak cateny, waa potaied out to them aiao tha faB length v, however, ] portraits, in oU, of UMBar! of Chatham, ia a Romas toga, '^^X^B^ai rWt «rf the pjrty to andThomasJefferson,wbiohwareoriginallybequeathed iTtoOM I^MtOtanrm^•^^**f»£ ' toUMcountyof Weateseretaad,asd byto-countyc *** JL.-- MonroecoaM have been seen,assto Virgmi*. Here UMcrowd jostled taa reysl party with Water at nisbt, however safe it really m. He will, r?re-mach nideoeaa, aad It was wUb difficulty that UM tew r*nr reaarB*"rem Biohmond to Baltimore -C*a aoordey the courtor of Uie party arrivednere.Ijtfebeing invariably white; but this rule Is not absolute with regard to trimming, whloh ia eometimee white and goW, ar cherry color andgold,orwhiteaadblue,orMagentation tke regiment will join in toe parade ror Uie renew- tK* of bie*Royal Highness tbe Prinosof Wales. By order of BvienelAGal, Ootonel CommandingQ. J. DR LA FIGANIERB, Adjutant. AM0THS8 PP.OTIWr ASADi8t SPKINfLrKO TBS STRBBn.Iaay ball ia sure to be a success, If it be on a aaoeienUr large scale. Tbey can do things well ia Mew York warn toe leaders of good society chooes to act, and I believe tost tbey have the tend oa thla occasion They bars "good famiitea toere, too, which not only have •Mated. Uiroegh two centuries of American Ids, but who knew from whom they sprang, tn Holland, England or Frewse Tbe Revolution destroyed aome families there, bat ethan aurvived toe storm, aad have ever since fiovabed. I k s mare cf wealth, however, I in the hands of new m sa. most of whom are not New Yorkers by birta. I am ass aware that anything baa been done in Boatoa with regardcomposing it named into UM rotunda, UM mulUtede surg- ingafter teem.The marble statue of Washington, by Hoedoa, ia t!M centre of U u , tret attracted their attention It etosd oa a pedestal nearly fire feet hlfh, which bore on oae of "a aidet ae inscription telling that it waa erected by the Ge-Berml Assembly of the Commonwealth of Virginia, as » I monument of affection aad gratitude, la the year 17TS. 1 Theflgnrewaa oiad in the aniform wore by an AmericanHe proceededtltto icekinc of aeoetsary arrangements. Be prof"mor*HonaeandaoiectedanamberofUMmoat,ekjfgwI of toe grounding wito. the f £ ^ ^ J ! f f i theatre. They^wiU probably leave here about n«Theaudibleremartaofenmeoftherougherporttonerneto navTbeen contra* d by the presence of poJteemen, but unfortunately there wan not one in or about the burningffl-hwill, sad rendering it almost impossible for> keep a good alignment. If weawtah UMPrince to thing stiff about Boatoa society, which Mprobably what!lS^JB.MM Mac.•f-f^ft* in. T^rfatPrivations for the Reception were anything bet eomplimeBttry to ute visiters,_aa raoreeutetlves of toe Br lUte nattoa Thil rudeness oughtvorfiateer force, aad to term any optuiou of tfcem, lalnly wishhia to form agoodone,and,onthe „.jle tost •* a atitcb ta time save* nine," I write to yon,believingthatawordfromvouwouldbringtbemat- ter to ihe fUenUon of the proper parties, and perhaps prevesjt U * sprinkling, thereby not only adding;totke comfoft or|he men, but also preventing much disorder ahd otftfustoh ia toe ranks, which otber vtee must ooear.tbey mean. There will be a ball bare; but oa toe waste we shall proceed quieUy, as It ta understood test suck a tbe desire of toe Prince aad UM gentlemen who aeoam- peny him H e will visit Cambridge, bat by request toere willbenodisplayatthatplaceTHE" OTHER PRLUCE PrteuaAirredsttdateCapeofOoodHop*.fFrom MMLondon News, Hep*. K }We annouiicedveeterday tbe arrl sal a t Plymouth of aba mail steamship Pheabe from tbe Cape of Good Hope, bar oaten being msnoe'a Bay, August 21; St, Hetoaa, Aug. M ,Asceacton, Sept. S.Tbe most Important event ta UMCape colony historyin the Metropolis.ACTI7ITY OP ODE M0DI3TE3,Tremendous Sensation Anion? the Crinolines.TheSenatechamberwaanestentered,aatreamofmen House. LordChandosmunderstood tobeqoitt^Sand boja peering in at the same time. They then de- mended the ster* to tbe portico, from which, owing to tbe Capitol beiii* Mmated on an elevated plain near the summitofShu-Jihoe Hilt, a wide and picturesque view pre seated Itself The course of the James river waa there tracetbie for miles, and,a complete panorama of the oily, withetlliiahiUanddale,rivetedUMeye.OnUMterrace height in front waa a bronne equestrian statue of Wean- ington, and another of Benry Clay.with his visit to the States, and proposes t J take at Baltimore t s-day, and proceed to Philadelphia row, where be and his companions win again j Prince s party In the entertainment to be offered city and in New York. A pleating Incident otbeir reception at the Eutaw House It is well thatwhilst passing|apieaiantseason atNi?AN OFFICER OF THK FOUBia BRIOADS.From this paint Richmond had a far more imposing ef- Oreat Sale and Display of fect than aa viewed from any other portion of Ute citywhole party expressed great pleasure with the wudjfetofthe bouee andUMgentlemanly attentionsof tbe7inlorcf bright flowers, and some riob dark silks, with velvet flounce*,intendedforelderly ladies. Wesaw here,andCostly Jewelry.THE MhLITARY PAGEANT. family sod frtenda of the latter were presented, andPan ABB.;-DA, Oct 9, ld*ft. This morning UM royal party, accompanied by Mayor swans, drove areaad Baltimore, viewing UM city inGilmor HouseTBE RfcCEFTIOJ ET NEW I0&L.THE BALL IN THE METROPOLIS. bKNSATTON AMONO TUB CBdOUNBB—ACTITTTUB MODISTRS—IMMENSE SALB OF JXWK1>: The grand ball to be given on the 11th to Ute Wales has done more towards emptying the she!A OOtPKN HAfYXST FOR THE JEWELLERS. During the past three or four weeks the jewellers have been doing an immense bus^icas Never before was there such a profitable season for them, and in some in- stance* they find it almost impossible to ke*p pace with••toe-demands that are dally made for the rarest aad mont .'costly ornaments, ttno firm alone, that of Tiffany & Co,, have sold in tw o weeks necklaces, bracelets, tiaras, . broccb<*. fcc, to the amount of one hundred and fifty Ohonjband {toUrs. while other eetab^hments have comehi for their share of the goidea harvest. The lady-s ap- pear to have heen^elsel with a sudden mania for tac meet coet'.y articles cf .jewelry, and nothing less than dia- Cionds and pearlo will satisfy them in tbe v a y of preciouslint" eh til form on Fourteenth street, right resting aftapue. The line of march will be through Four- strcf tito Fourth avenue, up Fourth avenue to T wen-which greeted bis Royal Highness on hia arrival, oa km landing, and th/ougboul his tour through toe cotoay tea been of the most corcial and enthusiastis < haracter. Kag lishmen, IV.tchmen, Malays, Mosambiqaes and HotMn0?greeted them cordially.Ten n.inut.-e elapsed before the visiters drove beck toth botel, followed by a rushing mam of peotie And the crowd bad u. be e-uc entered at UMentrance; and * mere he is'' was tbe ah-ut of a thousand.After luncheon the Prince, the Mayor and several of the iuite drove to the Holy wood Cemetry, a mile out of tows, wcere, at the monument erected over UMgrave of Mon- loe, the party haltel in reapectful silencetas and white silks, with tiny bouquets oi the popular accompanied by his suite, and has a suit of rooms tlhe Magenta color,aad the Prince landed aad made a public entree late Caps itported that about half a doaen visiting com- Town oa toe following day, attended by bw Kxe*lieaaw wotfid be present to join in the parade. They will UM Governor, Sir George Grey. Major Ciwell, aad tba cji tbe right of the line. Tbe committee decided Lieutenant Governor, Geaeral Wynyard. The welcomedetail. Large crowds were assembled at Ute hotel and j Tbey subsequently visited St. John's church, where fati i t s H<ir , aud Richard Henry Lee once declaimed insmog the atrects through wbioh the party passed, and | front of what it- cow the communion table. A subarbanthe Prmce Was fretraenUy cheered. It was rumored that art <e fbllowt-ti. and tbey returned home to dinner.u | Madison avenue to Twenty sixth street, tysiith street to Fifth avenue, dowa Fifth (fktoing in review beTore the Prince at ifth ii'vVnue Hotel) to Fourteento street, through DtbMrcet to Foorth avenue, down Fourth avenue Bowpvy. tfcrocgh the Bowery to Chatoam street, h OftnAham street, around tbe lower end of toe d jJiJroadway to Union square, where Uiey will I The line will form at half past six o'clock, dbabilitythe procersion will be over at elevenReported thtt he had procured sixteen bands, ~>ands had been engaged by various compaseries of right loyal rejoicings. During the Prince's nay at Cape Town he visited every object of interest ta the town and neighborhood. The volunteers and regulars were reviewed in bus presence, and a ehetn fight per- toraMd. The mat three days were devoted by him to aa excursion toroegb some of toe mo*t productive, romaati* and historically inlereating districts of toe colony Oa the 2d of August bis Royal Highness left for Algoa Bay, accompanied by toe Governor and LMuteeaat-Goveraor. He tanned in 1*011 Btanbeek on his birthday, August*, reached Graham's Town on toe 9th, was to be at Natal before the 1st of September and waa expeated back ta Table Bay by UM 3d. At the Paarl, Drakecsteln. and Stelienboach, he was received by the descendants of tea old Dutch settlers a a d French refugees with a most hearty and enthusiastic welcome. Since then a*The sons and daughters of light and darkne» (1 speak of complexions) collected in frvnt of the hotel in large numbers this morning, in order to witness his Floralgiven in anticipation of the event', and Parisliterally ransacked for poverties that* wouldfortunate possessors to outvie all others on this gfMat ocbedte and i o'c!The and tI outs. Tbtsmornmg,atomeoclock,ttMPrtneesagaswlU rleave tbe citym aa extra treia for Aoa«|» g ^ itberevenwecotterawwttaJ ^ ^ ^ T l - S k - enhundreds of tola eiptctauta, whohave beenaatiptoe net'sauarters,Intimetoescortthemtotbeparadeg***"4-SJydJttog«wbed persons, molndtog the JapeiMSf^tt;minings and tassel* cf entire white, will have a decidedbmsaooas and Hon Judge D»«gl»J-Patch was received from tbe GenRichmond, sutiag Umt the party » ^ ' f * * * " f at six o'otock Monday evening If ao, ******* will pass over UM Waskmgtcn Branoh BsUroad tf regulartrain.aanpto last evtnDgaoarrangemenj been made with UMrailroad company for an ertrejj The whoto party have been inviMd by Messrsand Strehosch to attend the Opera at thoFront*morrow for Philadelphia. •The Marquis and Marchioness o f Chaados, accomp 4by Miss Eaile and Mr. aad Mrs. Edward Tootoil, e l En land, arrived In this city oa Saturday evening froml fan ington, and have a superb suit or rooms at thejl ttwhen tbe party drove to the depot to take a special tramto Philadelphia. Oa parting with the Mayor the Princethaaked Um lor hM kindness,and expressed hia grattnoa- aad thewhitee^mamfeftted an equal curiuaity to catch a canton. Even while we write fabrics are arriviKmorS tones. In a former article we oec.itid a necklace of ttoa with hia orderly and enthusiastic reception, asd glimpse of ovr UHiMricr.i visiter; neither is "Ood's image expensive and rtckerchi than any that lias vet ar^jpared diamonds caiied byf the appropriate title of Uririert,Highness* d*parture, and I again ooserved that the blackstook Lord HincsKsbrooke for htm, much to my lord's lice wilt display Uss brottlity and more civility than they makers will have a busy time of tt, for these did while the Japanese wrre there; and thai tbe mob willTO, as may be and del Ive 4 at the various engine, hose and hookandmodest confusion and subsequent pride. afford UMrest oi the world some evidence of their clviii A greater tress than he had enjoyed before awaited UM zatioa.all to be made up for the ball, and on such an disappointment would be equivalent to a deatl The storekeepers, calculating on UM ball, havettum ail to buy it, theresupposed, oonsiderab edisappoliitment. However, it maybe wall for them to know that there are others or a simi-lar description now bn hand at toe same place. It is tcurloas to observe h^w eager toe fair purchaser;, are in be their chase after the greatest novelties and latest styles—laddcrlcom^imy houses pa Saturday morning.It Is! intended that the old Fire Department Bannersnail b | carried in toe line by oae of Uie companies.iirOLICE ABBANOEMENTS. 3K>tBAX OKDKB FROM URAJbQCaBTBKS.Prtaoe daring his Journey to Philadelphia Ail along UM route tbe scenery la beautiful, Ute road running by little e*.|u»ivs bits of woodland, with embowered bmei.saih as Chtmasorongh painted aad across "mas" or arms of UMKirHso<rj, Oct. 9,1340.The special correspondent cf the New Yorit TmtM com- larger orders for expensive drees goods thanmits a gro^s libel oc Virginia character and manners in and we have no donbt the resultthat paper of the 8th Inst. Some cf It Is correct in Ute an assemblage of gorgeous dresses such sea, afaat la with hills, so that the royal party passed ^ main; but, take it all together, it Is a mendacious report never been witnessed in New York before. Noeach determined to exceed Uie outers ia the costliness Poilce BupeMntendent Kennedy yesterday issued themost of the time by the car windows, calliagjto each other, , on the Prince's own word aad that of Virginia gentle••Isn't that Engiiahr•—"How like a loch la Scotland,'" j men. No person insulted tbe Prince or offered him aaand several dcentred that now, for the first time, they [ Mlrnity. nor did be visit Robt A. Kayo's (arm at Pow*were reaiiy homesick at UM sight of landscapes so muck i hatan. The reason wb> he did not meet with a military York tad tea achieve? They have not now to com wNxw Yoax.Oct. tt, I860. > Preciacti—Tbe MetropoliUn police force cetaiieil uad>« i eneral Order No. 232 to perform escort and gn J u il|it|y on the occasioo of toe reception of toe Prince]>r Walls in the city of New York, on toe llth iutt, ate eijfined to strictly enforce the requiremeuts or the(>rder of Msior Oeneral Sandford ('General Ord«rs No. 6) m keeping all Uie streets and plaoca through which the li^ej of march extends clear of peopte and ve-like these of borne. I reception, or receive a bail, is obviou* from the following Tbe party did not Itare Ute ears at the Susquehanna ' letter from Lord lycos to the City Council of Richmond —WASBUCITON, Oct. 5,18*0. which was gayly decked with nags. The Prince seemed, Grrrtioirv—T have the honor to acknowledge Ute repalm of superiority with provincial rivals, in tri leg ovi>r wtom they could gam no glory, whileEven defeat could throwA sort of ba*o round their vanquished foe.Caj't .ariver, but were ferried across on a Hosting railway boat,ssrprired at thin ferry, which carried cars and all, and , ceipt of your letter of UM day before yesterday's date, The struggle cow is among themselves It is aand to thank you heartily, Is Ute name of Lord Renfrew, lutervciae conflict, a social strife, la which all inquired if there was another In the cuantry, and if It for the cordial welcome to Ute city of Richmond whichhicles horn 'curb to curb.' In order to aid Uie force ta pected to return on tbe 1st of September. However, as oo orders have been received countermanding the ar-were sate i 50URO kindly offer him Lord Renfrew is particularly tenants are equally skilful and equally experisnoHere, as at every station along UM route, crowds as- | seraible of tbe friendly consideration for his wishes, in which it will be a difficult thing for one peri in to 'is setting to be quite an ordinary aflair, and we shouldthe pt-rfivmance of their duty, the propr eto>s of omni rangements, these doubts appear groundless. Tbe Lieu bus linls are requested to instruct tbeir drivers not to go tenant Governor and his staff were not to accompany UMbelow me Park on Br adsay alter twelve o'clock aooaon tbe day of reception. Good order/nust be preserved royal party farther than King William's Town, but toduring lite j>araoe: and every person wbo shall violate it return thence, embark on board toe Eoryaius, leaving must b | Instantly arresMd and held in custody at the thence for Natal, there to abide the arrival of the Pruneand oi Uie true courtesy which bas induced yon to ab- ot be surprised one idf these days to bear of forty or ufty eembied to aee him, but had little opportunity. At WJ stain from c,splay and ceremonioaH demonatratioa.and attain distinction, and almost impossible to a hi ]e amington, where it had beea arranged to stop for a few to al'ow htm to visit you in a quiet and unostentatious tt lumph. As every lady understands thorough! j the thousand dollars being paid for a foil set. In no othermanner as a private gentleman. Although the charac-moment*, Ute crowd waa so gre..t that UM royal par;/ ter in which be travels, and tbe very abort time exigencies of the case, and shrieks from beingdid nut deem it prudent; and so on went the train, fairly which Is at bis command, make it necessary for him to shadowed, strenuous exertions have been mcleavingI•waythroughthedensethrong,UtePrtace avoidthereceptionofformaladdressee,helanoton discoverwhatshebasgottocontendwith, that account unawareof or ungrateful for tbe respect todepartment of manufactures or art is there such variety,bowing bin respoesca to the crowds and cheers from the ber Majesty the ijuee-n. and the cordial friendship for the hidden resources ether iad.es may possess,genuity.ItwouldbeitepossibletofollowthecoveUicsand changes that are constantly taking place in these esquUite prWucf- or beman genius aad skill, for no matter what mrjy be said to the cintrsry, as works of art they are defie.'v.Eg of all the praise tost has been bestowed upon thim. Iatheestabliabment already named they have dltposed of nearly twoidozen diamond brooches, varying injjpxice from ooe thousaad to two thousand five hundred do}Ws These are made in every style in clusters, beauti fair disposed, the brilliants eet so a.- to flash out tbeir vn|fed hues with every motion of the wearer. Some agtln a.e formed to represent a branch, withfbuis and leaves, on which the brilliant iparxle lii the rlancing rajs of the gun on the dimpled aut'ace of a stream. A brooch, which is perhaps toe in^it costly thing of the kind that will be worn at the tail aojfeautea is valued at five thousand dollars, will at|Wt a 'arge $hare of attention. In the centre ia a fplleous Oriental opal, a little over aa Inch in diameter, Su|fo.;adsd by two crclea of brilliants, which are in strjl.ng contrast with the chameleon stone. Of neck- iacji the *ale wss aolessex^asive, and, as we htvc said, toil wereoftoemost!'co3tly description. Those male of Jf'Aris aad dianiocds'are in great demand, ana they are fp|«did specimens of Jewelry.1 M the establlshmeiii.of Ball, Blark & Co. wc saw a diamond et worth tw^lit;. five thousand dollars, which jwafjf deservedly the. cynosure of wondering eyes. ha^>race*let was a perfect fa rivie", and glittered 4| sparkled bjaoath the light, hashing upon thethenc.jipcseupfaccordingtohiv.JOHN' A. S.F.NKEDV, Boperlntmdent.Da>iii Ctju^anr., Inspector.Kuryaluswaagonetoherdestination. Dr.CharlesMor- ton, senior assistant surgeon of toe Kcrya'us, waa in at tendance on bis Royal Highness for tbe tour. Tke Caps papers are filled with glowing account of the various filet, balls and reviews given, and the addresses j'resectedrear piaiioraa. people of Great Britain, of which so many striking proofsunknown forces they may be able to bring into to'what unsuspected m*an& they mayhave atthefcThelis.u reahel Philadelphia onytvo minutesbe-have been given during his visit to tbe United States.AEBIlAL]qPTHECUTTEE HARRfflr LANE. totoePrincealonghisroute. Theusualnumberofper- The Ipntted States steam revenue cutter Harriet Lane, sonal anecdotes of the royal youth are aiao given, tea Capt.j|hsFaunce,arrivedatberanchorage offtbe Bat- siost popular onebeing that ofa buck hunt oc tbahind tm e. Tbe regulaUons of Uiermd and other par- He desires especial y to express his gratitude for posa!,wnet uatoid hopes they cherish anl w tbe esprf ssion of those etetementt contained in the reso-ticularstheHSBAIopabliahedyesterday.All Phlmdetphls was excitei about tbe election to day,and UM atreeU, except around the polls, were alaost deserted. ,»The ladles, however, were out la large numbers, and •warmed to the Continentlal Hotel to Inspect t..e Prince s sfMadldapartmesM,toaltwherehewastosit,andbegiithe excitement a ia Japanese. Tbey were escorted in and I out of tbe rooms la parties'of tbree and four, and seemedlutionofttwdtyCouncilofRichmond,end InUMletter sumptuousdesirestheyentertain TheextrtionsAmsterdam Flats, where tbe Prince rode foremost ia tba chase, proved himaeif a first rate rider, aad sent back Ute game, two backs aad aome hares, to toe Euryalna. tedelphiaexcitementcentres,andfromtwentyaretof>nf hercf open barouches andothercarriageswereonthedollars have been offered for tickets, nut none are for Fair Grounds near the northern entrance, but Ute spec- tators generally remained on the railway platform out-•ale. The Prince and party have t «o balcony boxes on Side.either aide of Ute stage, aad sit in UMmiddle dress circle A few momenta after six o'clock the whittle of theduring UM•TraviaU " It is not probable that tbe Prtace locomotive w m heard In the distance, and tbe cry ofwill be present during the first opera at all, as it la his which everybody crowded up to get an eligible position. custom to arrive very late. The house is decorated with ' The train stopped in front of UMentrance, when the May-(lowers, flags, new chandeliers and devices In gas jets. or ef Richmond and some members of the committee en- tered tbe car, the ceremony of introduction took place, The Prince arrived about hair past four. Them ! and UM Prince was welcomed to the metropolis of Vir- was LO crowd at the depot or along the streets, j ginia. Then, leaning upon the arm of tbe Mayor, UteTIM reception at the depot waa quite private aad infor- j royal visiter was conducted rapidly to a barouche in walling: his suite as rapidly followed, and took seatsbe'—perhaps dancing with the Prince bin. There la no doubt that the ' ladies dance Trito his Royal Highness—or perhaps, ta defers; to the royal incognito, we should say Baron Renfrew-ebe the observed of a!: observers, and their toilets wi tract more than usual attention. When it ia reoolli that ah the motives to which we have referred, fro:a love of precedence dowa to the desire of being equi the opportunity, tend to the same end, we need not # der that there b u been an unusual demand for expeiV goods, an l Out the >nly trouble tbe dealers have hitbe ball'ard review, nothing bas as yet been definitely grand carnival, ball, illumination, and regatta, oo tea determined upin, but tbe Kxecutive CommitU« are ac- Pvince's return to Cape Iowativelytogasedinpreparingforacelebrationwhichshallredourd to toe credit of the city and afford pieasure to The folio wing ia tbe address which, on Ihe i 7th of Ju'y, tbe royal guest and his suite. The distribution of tick- waa presented by toe President and members of UMlegislative Coancll. The deputation consisted of Sir W. Hodges, President; the Hon Messrs. Stein, De Roubeix, H. C. Jarvis, J. H Wicht and De W et, Mr. CI Wylde, Clerk of the Council, and the Usher of the BJtck Rod. TheUM city, and visits especially Glrard College and lade-directed towards the mam entrance. The British liagBrit*h crown afaonld visit the hall where tbe rebels forouu piv»< c t s which lost bis ancestors their finest colo- nies, and took at lbs bell whiaii boomed its reply to his aai\elir's threats.T&e Irmce will not go to the aristocratic Point Breez- rtcf*, decerning, in a card pabliahed this efteraoan. on account of UtigoeTJ morrow night c. men tfc» Opera, a full dress rehearsal of «tica was g!v«« tots evening, strakosch has invited the iYioce to a matinee in New York, but Ute Invitationw«auecltaedft*want0ftime.Th? Phi'.a<!er^sane. with democratic aristocracy, de-the Exchange, and everything within was in perfectreadiness. After sufficient time bad elapsed the visiters brought out in lull relief by the myriad gaslights in dined, remaining at the table until nearly ton o'clock. Academy of M'zsic on the eventful eight of the bail.: Meanwhile a vast number ofpersons kept watch fromthestreet, in .he hope or obtaining a glimpse of royalty; bat the same materials, la t.yht colors, have been t ^ only those patient and persevering ones who thronged thepa*stges of the Bahard House, asd waited until the royalappe-ttte was aated, were gratified in this respect. At thebreaking ap of ibe dinner party, the Prinee and h * suite l.culaj^y white waiered silk aad mo .re aati pae#ed rapidly to their apartments, and Uie spec of a delicate f.eur de f^zhe coi:*r. That every taiors withdrew, many of them devubting, eventhen, whether they had seen the Prince or notThe royal party was composed as follows—Prince ofWatee and ten attendants, Duke of Newcastle, Karl of St.i.ermans.LordLyonsaadtwoattendants.LordHinehing-broct. and attendant, Major General Robert Bruce, Majoris .establishment, and it i^osseased one novel feature '^b-.ch renders it partiirluierly appropriate for the bail. 13was an Imitation of'tue Prince of Wales' plume. ATrawa>, Captan Grey,Dr.Ackland,MrEnglehartMr. cline sitting at UMtame table with Ute Princes footmen, Warre, Mr Jenr.tr. Mr Eliot. We learn that they ex-ese asinic.es of jewelry. A diadem formed of flowers and 1 cotlve Committee of the ball to be given the Prince of u j|*d ', he ad vantage* N r*-acv- and civi!izUion.and it ia amusing to aee some dandified exquisite ait dowa with owe of Ute servaam, suddenly discover hia mistake, andnmhoffwithtioahedfacetoanothertable.pressed ihemeelve* highly gratified with the.r quarters at the Ballard Hooae.TbereceptionthroughoutwasmanagedInsuchaman- ner as to give it almost toe character of privacy, and Itee, on whici. gtistened innumerable diamonds of all , *»s and sizes, cost three thousand five hundred dollars'be rtpiy maeie b> Hia Royai Highness was as foi-liiWf —to which I have cow Ute honor to reply I remain, pentiemen,Wita great respect and regard,Vour very humpie servant, LYON'S.KKWgPAPKk ACCOUNTS. [FromtheRichmondDailyDespatch,Oct8]obtain Information on these important points, in a head eff a dangerous rival, or, rather, the itratajre eorted to, would astonish the outside public note and would supply politicians and war riore with m serviceable hint oa the science of angtaeerfng and tegy. Theladies,however,arenottheonlyparties*tery y^sterdaJF morning at one o'closk, having beenbutThe city waa in a somewhat excited condition on .Satur- take any interest in such tribes for each geaUea day, ia enUoipetion or Ute arrival or the Prince of w"alasanxious that the Tady or ladies ia whom he takes 'terest should appear to advantage, and not be eelby any of their " particular friends." When th come to be footed up it will be quite time eno grumble at rspense and decry extravagant habits, pretest moment every feeling ia merged la a deaLA great rush is ma<ie for opera tickets, for there Phila- vainly awaited Uie arrival of UM special train. A num hour; and who knows hew great the rowan:k,toSouthAmboy,toreseivetoePrtace, breakwaterandharborworksforTableBay. Itwaaahappy arrangement, that Una was to be achieved by tt*arrive at that point at ten o'clock. After toe sailor Prince in toe same week, or thereabouts, aa teat taIt had been announced that the royal party would proba- to feel easier aftes the visit. This and a number of let- bly arrive about six o'clock ia Use evening, aad Uiegrand ball he will visit West Point, and probably Kings ton,'in tbe nutter.wbich his eider brother waa to open ta Canada tbe greatVictoria bridge across tbe St. Lawrence. The Prince wasalio to lay the foundation atone nf a new sailor'a home,both stones to be laid with full Masonic honors,UMters directed to the Prince in feminine chirograph/ were charming weather gave everybody who chose to avail themselves of it an opportunity for going out. By fourtie only indications at the hotel that the Prince would o'clock a large crowd had assembled on Broad street, ia arrive. If the ladies only knew the fate of these letters- the neighbornooel of the Fredericksburg depot, ia the ex-bow they were read by all tbe suite, laughed at and de stroyed as beneath notice—perhaps stationery dealers and post offices woud not be so largely patronized.THE fRINCE O F W ALES' RECEPTION A T Masonic boly having provided for tee latter occasion apectation of obtaining a view of UMdistinguished stran-ger and his suite. In accordance with a previousarrangement, however, not generally known, the Commit-tee of Reception and rome hundred citizens repaired to scrutiny and to defy criticism Thla is the dutyol UM Central Fair Grounds, while multitudes in the cityBOSTON.| !Prom tbe Boston Post, OH a. ]trowel of pure gold and of exquisite workmaxahip. Ia addition the Prince was to inaugurate the" new public library buildkg by laying on its shelves the first book, a magnificently illuminated edition of the New Testament,"Here they come" waa a signal for a sensation, uponets for the ball will be commenced to day at the offi.e ofthe treasure*,, W. B Fowle, Jr., No 24 City Exchange,Devonshire Sire*-t The demand has been very large,among tbe iapited guests are the President of the UnitedStates, Mit-s Mane,Secretary Cass, Governor of the Bri- following was the address;—mal The Mayor iNook hands with the Pilnee, and es in the carr.ages designated. The movement was exe contend with wag the difficulty of procuring goods corted him to his carriage, where a few congratulations cuted so quickly that few persona could discern the fea- enough and e.esant eaotga to satisfy the exlgeant tiAn cpal cameo jarooch was one of the novelties on itioa at this aocje, and, viewed as a work of art o||, tt was a perfect g.-m The opal was sot round withGcoe-rai Troiloj*, and alsojriir Fenwick Williams, the he- Cape or Good Hope. But while we congratulate your ro or Bars, who is now commander in chief of the army Royal Highness on your safe arrival amongst us, in Canada, and In military rank la second only lo the we uleo oiler, through you, our heartfelt acknow- Duke on Cambridge. The- invitations have been necessa- ledgment for< toe kind consideration of her moat rily limited, had in this vielntty only the Governor and gracious Majesty toe ejoera, wbo has been pleasedwere exchanged. Tbe parly then drove rapidly to UM tures of Ute Prince or any of his party. All the spectators conld boast of was having seen a young gentleman Contiatntal Hotel, where several hundred persons had ai- in a light overpack and white bat, whom they took to besem ted. There were no cliesvd, aad but few comptl- UM Priaee of Wales, pass hastily by ia Uie twilight, and enenury remarks greeted the party with many expressions of disappointment they retracedtheir stepa to UMcity.Tbey retired Immediately to their rooms, and the At UM carrages conveying the royal party passedPrince did not go out during the evening, spendlag most through the streets on UMway to the Exchange Hotel,of our S\ w Yonc belles. Indeed, oa one point, allers agree, viz: Uie higher the price tbe quicker Uie * We have seen the materials of which many oldrosses for the cocing bail are to be made, some of t£ heavy moire antique, others of li^ht gausy tulle, but the richest and best of ther kind. Dart coiored nj aatMues and watered sLIka hare baen bo||Jer of briUUats, and Uie whole was about aa iachtjfc half ia diameter, j This brooch was worth twenty- Mrs Banks and the British Consul at this port have been tc permit a member of her family to take a leading part,the shades of evening prevented any distinct recognition,and public cariosity was by no meana gratified. A con-siderable crowd had collected at the Exchange and BallardHouse, but there waa another disappointment, for the they are, w .ib deep bounces of Chant;! y yenng Prince was conducted in through Ute private doorinvited.|ye|iundred dbliars Aaother brooch, which was at the The Ccmraittee on Decorations have adopted toe de->aq»> time both chaste a - i gorgeous, was made so as to sign Et.hmitud by Mr. Sbutz and Mr. Roetbe, who have jepfreent,a branch, with leaves and bads and pendant u'dertaxen tb> work. From a glance at toe work laidoat, it Cat not fail to give to the Academy a truly magni- prays, and was valued at three thousand Ave hundred ficent B|i.esiiuice. It would seem Impossible to eclipse |»:srs It was oae of toe most deservedly admired or- iormer efforts, bot money will work wonders. There is mjeDV?ofthekindwnjchw?haveseen Therewerea U>benoiBemadeofbunting orflags,butvelvet,silk,on tbe distant shores of Southern Africa, in the inau- guration of a great public work, and thus to give, as it were, a new impulse to trade, commerce and rivtlizatioa. We assure your Royal Etgnnees that am duly appreciate ao gratifying an act of condescension, and that it will materially contribute to stimulate UM people of tkM colony to renewed exerttons for its advancement and prosperity In acknowledging, in UM presence of one ofrf the time obetrvtag tbe humors of the crowd from his window, which aff>r<!od a fine view of several eiectlxtagaia aad torchlight prooesbloos.To morrow tbe Prince rides oat to see the wonders ofganco that will serre admirably &s * sober backi penstoce Hall. Strange that the heir apparent of UM wared over the building, and the American colore over for tbe lighter aad gayer coiored dr»«8C8 that wi.satin and fiawers, employed by an artist, will impart a the royal family of England, toe valuable boon conceded mber of amethyrt cameos, which will doubtless be novel ami r>(J> appearance to tbe auditorium. The " red to this colony of a corstrtation founded upon tbe basis ofaqh worn, as they prbmise* to become favorite orna- wal'F' are to disappear, and a French gray will be given that ao umvuaaily enjoyed and respected by toe people "'•ats In rings the |iaplay was very ftac. and there to them, which absorbs leas light. The corridors and of toe mother country, we humbly and respectfully trustot toe uuur building, while attention waa generallyBrussels lace, they have a look of rich yet quietsaloons wtil also be improved ta appearance, and a large lag one with a* single diamond vrb ch alone was ei truEce reads lo the Moor from the lobby opposite the >rt|i twenty three hqndred doilars. A aecslacs or g-»nu rtaircasie This .'atte-r idea Is a grand one, for In- arts aad diamonds, a wotk of art of much stead of going down two stepa and up three to pass from corridor to ball room, the Prmce and others may peas ?r!t. was one of |be gems on exhibition at through a handsome srch in-the centre—in the construc- tion of which obstruction or toe brick wall for a short distance otiy Will be required Another admirable sug- jiesticr— we believe it bas not been adopted as yeb—ia that the best sceiaca/iists obtainable be engaged to paint •*.tty conceit designed for a brooch consisted or the a rejirrsenfaiiOn or Windsor Ctstie lor toe back, or far-that the cotditloe, political and social, cf toe whole population will prove to your Royal Highness that we nave cot altogether neglected toe trust eonflded to as, and that we know how to appreciate toe benefiu thereby conf.rred upen tots colony We hall the visit of your lioyul Highness a t m e present moment with mote particular sat >.•-non on account of toe peculiar aivanuges l.w. . to be derived by y>a from »be experience you w n quire durtrgycur Royal Higk- orea' tour through tn,- provinces, accompanied by oar much CbUemtd Gt- "• •.. rr, bir (ieorge tirey. Trusting that tbrrvgh the blen-.^g of DiVine Providence, yourThere have been cheers under Um Prince's window ail was the desire of UM visiters to be shielded from Ute gazs rettoons reaemblirg lacew<>rk. The effect j ^ rktsiug notice. The centre p^oce or medallion oonsisto ; quite seventy years srace I had the honor of joiatag, ataght-not for him, but tor UMUnion caadutatea of the populace they, docbUeas, feel grateful to the com- mittee for UMtact and ibrewdaesa exhibited on the ocWHATTHEPRINCEDIDANDSAWATRICH. caaionth.3 co the c. ep-tcned ground color was yi fine,and the isolation of the bouquets,MomOCB !UCH»OM> COKKSsrOKDKMCB.RManicen), Va , Oca. 8, IMQ TV PriMc* tf Wmlm at Ouorh—A ftasimooie Gmoi-sga-When the royal party arrived at Acquia Creek, about softening down the e*bberaat brilliancy of thelimit or peculiar beauty. The cluster itseir is com- ' in any of the service* its management may require. Butof rtrpwws—A Mastg Vim tf Hultnvotd Cantttry sag « . A h V ) Chmu\ 9nm tftmt Jtmjml Smtt n f i a w sJ>mrt m 9m mSltm Sale tie.Like gang CkrisUana, UMPrlace aad his suite west to OkPaalwtkmukmUMseHg/yimmday(gaaamy). Vour miimiiaamw IasajlHs saw next—bat twenty one—tokm Koysi ffgnaegg Iks mffipiim was largely laak foaakle, aad of eoarse Umre was tke aaaal dammp of crtaoUae,kMgloves, prettybaaaatt, ke.,aadUMaaaaltb*7f^!,u!i!,c**!n *** «•*»• » e » • * • °» « * f w »7 »EMBABKATIONOFTHEPBINCEOPWALES. [From UMPortland Argue, Oct. • 1Tbe crowd that escorted kirn » chereh by foibwinf h's! I » w WASH:Sfr,ir>three o'clock in tbe afternoon, they took leave of Captain Faunce and tbe efftaers of tbe Harriet Lane, and, alter thtaking them for their kind attention, were rowed ashore ia the cutter g boats. .Governor Floyd received them on theirlandtogandwelcomed themJotheshoresofUM* sgn, removed the ooly objection to which it might:cons.dered liable Tbe trimming was of the samas toe flounces, bat narrowed down to a suitable wl Thispatternws-reproduced indifferentcolors,emei green, pale blue. Ac. Other styles had aeven fluthe upper one deeper than the rest, ia order to avoid ( ongracefui appearanceof afrtU roundtbewal Another style peculiar aad striking was formed of all K-nsto stripesof watered ailk, ptak\blueorgreen, i iwhite satia sprinkled wiUt banchea of glowing flowsli."sof two wheels, which are resplendent with bril- ! s»snd which are made to revolve in two different di- rjpcthws by an ingenious mechanical contrivanoe similar i$ th<works of a watch. : these wheels run for two hourshighly approving the tribute of respect proposed to be paid to the son of a sovereign—not more elevated by her rank than by her virtues and exemplary influence— I readilyplace-mynameatthedisposalofthecommittee, la toe connection they propose, regarding It as aa bouormy tour in thla colony whicn it seems so well calculated to afford me It is a source of graldJcation to me that ber Majesty the tlueen has approved of my taking a lead ing part m the inanguratmn of the breakwater asotit M becommencediaTableSay,asIshallthusbeabtste identify myself more cicsely with toe people of tols cole- ay wbo have received me so warmly, and whose affen- tionate regard for toe Ooeen I shall have great pleasure ta makingknowstoberMajesty. ALFRED.The municipality of Cape Towa aito presented aa ad- dress,tnwhichtheysaid—The three great elements which form UM mam ef <** people cannot bat regard your Royal Highness with pe- culiar interest. Thedescendant*oftheFrenchrera- geea venerate ta toe person of your RoyalWeU-:vw of At UM A m M a ~ f t t i a tm in a ruuter at (he Old Dominica. The special train, consisting of three /V-wwcf tf Boy**}—Relic* tf Colonial timet Skotm «ra, decorated with Uie digs of England and America, J*aa m readineas, and soon a»wr the Prince and suite took Uu Mmjta «jannm JtaaVwaei tf the »mtmtu\tn—aiek r*7* «*Qo»*rnor Floyd aad the other gentlemen whoScenerymJamftBk*r—ThePrincefwlt wetTocernar SmSS****1 lbem tBIM S»ontheirjourney,andgfcdltstopping,andtheworescanbesettaoperationa tmail watch key. Tbe effect produced by the re- and privilege. With great respect, I am. gentlemen, yourTK^SU^ >* the CMS Dominion W,w %0<1LtotaWaSTJ? * Portion of hia suite attended M >c 11We are Informed by toe British Consul, Murray, tost po, i r,,u, ,Tomociic« 5; ;^^ ^:« «*««* !•••*»,« Sometimea tot watered strips was uai row and the a « . i. * L ' *° receive tke Prinoe of Wales will arriveiaPortlandonTuesday,toelathmat.Tneaqua-oilter parTc^^1"^**^*whichverysmallnumberofinvitationscanbeIssuedtoUtebellIm¥r\jaynight,theAcademyshouldbeopenfortoein- droaeonatstaofUMHero,ninetyguns,C>m.Seymour, ness,toedesceadaatofteeHouseofBrsnewtoktea,twi-yeblam7*saiHoelm,eTSffl^S-'S!* 2** * b.aatioa. andoi of thisstyle, withviolet stripesriwark of religkme liberty, white toe descaadaate of vow fellow counuvaan of De Ruyter and Blake, ot Newoa and Tromp, of T unas and Cook, will ball tbe aallor prbvw who haa selected for tee sceae of hkt raters fieldtawhichEngiaadaadHollandmade themselvesfree and healthy at hone, and feared aad respected abroad. Thesetbree elements aresow happily united in OCM generous people, flourishing under t h e benign aad fos- tering cars of tee British crown.The Prince read the following reply —GenUrmen—I thank you for your cordial we > -ne Thevjueta will bear wtth pleasure of yoar loyalty aud %S«e- Uoa, aid of your grateful acksowtedgemenU of iuo hao- pttess and prosperity white her rule has secure i *•» V»T 1 ho'>e in my professional career that I may m-swi icongTegatod ia toe ckurek MfSRJS1 vice, and while toe* bwrnamity whiM tafista, struck asfcrparticularly beactifol. Whl-«, ooncet y>a Saturday erentag, with tbe ball musx hai beta AJeiander Milne, with his bag ship Nile, ninety one guns.organlatplaysd,iaaplemttd.Uk^^!uTM». P«J"«,» spMaatdatyl,,u£I ~ :£"£"'"^AH, Hxvar>qrAaTBaa Tarsr R>cmajfr Hi aatpj, >laSnat,of toe /cad.my oo Pnday night. There is a kindof 1st ma aeg tail taies I have no wmh to be an eaves- Ia toe afternoon, the Prince aad a portion of hia sail* Boating grace about these lighter fabrics which fullyITIONALMUITABYPREPABATIONS.BsueramesgMMkwheaafUMOtdOsmiama.the lady members of MMcongregation were ta a SMMat-fcl state of exeitemeat from UMarrival to the departureof Alkatt Edward eg Wales, who has beea UM object oftunny af MM meat eadearmg expressions I have everheard. from crailedaan ap ta MM present moment. But were' d ^ a w T ^ ^ T ^ - ^ ^ ^ ^ a m ! g t o .TVnuttrimn b>tk.rv.i..i'I "TM"aavsIBMDnaaa" Tbe party drove totheCanttol a Z l J a ? •* **o* Queen."Washington,paidaT A 1 ! £ ^ J * 2 * Stto ***»? returning; to their e a n a M W ^ ' l h a * a ^ ^ ^ w r d aNsw Yoax,Oet. S,1S«S ' {In cjkspliance with division orders, this regiment willpresume that there wera about ftivne ik.^. front of ~as. Paul'B asd oa UMtoe Princes leaving the church, allof hatnousa. We•weoaaln have been much in rfqneat with purchasers of late, • - ^ f p » «nu nnlform.OIue trousers), on Thursday, auch force baa ever before entered American waters, ex-accompaaMd b y Joseph Mays, Baa. { t o e Mavori \*«li Bollywood, old SL Jtma s ckarekTaad otker^ptooas^? m lemttoBtraBgert.aad appeared highly delighted wmUntitled Documentpeoaatea for their lack or other qualities.The Yanc'trb'lt has among her freight gome«ost costly d»eesM ever 'mpcrted tato thaooun'' •' • HEl¥0!fd fof theaermoireantiques,sprintedoverwlUibuds and bloswm,, gad divided by narrow lines of Magenta crlmaoa, aad' stately and witoal a delicate elect. TuiM dresses, broiderod tn gold and formed with double ski^P^f1- Jandthesux.ot eix guns. Tbe presence of this teetef Britishwarvessels a ornrharborwill be anoocurrence ofgreat interest in every point of view. Aa a mere natal displayitwillsurpassanythingbeforoseeninourwaters. As a token of UMfriendly relations existing between tw o great nation* toe event will derive its chief Interest. No*• £***> «*» rneweiaaato .!• get a viewwithout donbt w 11reappear to advantage oa toeOotobaJ 11, to take part Ui tbe demonstration to the Prince cept with hostile purpose. Now it comes extending toe hand of friendship and bespeaking the* cultivation ofWWalJ TbaaaaembiyiwIU be within Haakon park. kindly feelings. Let us hail it as such, and do our part at ten|fclock A M By order of 8 Brooke PowieyVOo' to reciprocate tbe friendly manifestations. II la meet lonei. \J>mmaad!ng Third rsgiaent Hasaara, N Y S M that the people ol the two freest and greatest nations ondo honor to the occasion, aad to be In a coalition toWheal ten hays shall have passed we shall be 'in themidst of a Prince* of Wales sensation, such as ezperiecc<-d by many sister cities aucceaslvely before us. Bsyond presetted by Sir George Grey. There was also te be agenerally by elderly ladle*, aad trimmed,run upon by tfce young, and, a truth, nothing cuuiii more exquisite tnan some specimens we have seenkocds dealer ta the c.ty has made purcLtees amd * e-rae-s.of late with '^re-ace to, the llth ii'evi'.!J I x r»:..a! inspectiua of the goods, asd we were th-re'ore,surprisedt>findlaStewarts asupply nvgLtmaioth*3'siaet mjd.caiettled audthe jrrgaient u&dev.ded cme dre=s of rich Magenta ceon, worth glfO, WSB strikingly beautlfcl. The flounl wbn h were five in aumber, were bordered with honqpi rt.va lowers, set a Mtie apart, and connected # , hjaeath them. A brooc|i, witii a gigantic carbuncle set the che/iort hfstra, with the Oensania Band Increased to •luring your sojourn amon^rst us, we would faut hope thatoateoneofahk.Toourmindthlawaaaprettierco.I- Oct.S] of]jmann|ng IBeveeth regime^ ^ R A Y M 0 K I ) ( ^ ^ nasmUL oitoaa. s o 1 4 .Bsanucaxiass, Fnrrr wan Raaarcn, > Nsw Yonx, Oct. «, 1S«. Jduring the last four or Java weeks la regard to them.ThereisnotafariiiotlableestablishmentinUMeltythat ittirl»eef.Tul aawasNeatibe <*^*«««<*".*,haa not something especial for the ball-either dresses, fullnsimrm, wHb toe tmapeau (aw-«Md).at half partniae laces, toimminge. fans, flowers, csUraree, or UM O^CTIM. ByorderofHomerBoatwMk,Colon*OonvdonesTlKSTaotdeeaMd advMabl,,»«TMve^pJHg present in every material. In color thawareallalike,furnb*dapartments inthat^« »f^ , ^S'CLl and while, or.Inshort,anycolorthatatodymayfancy ig Moccupy UM'suite of rooms whsoh have accommdj-ttaa or' that will uanaooixe with her dreee. The cloak, with**£*%,fcWjrgggt;wlta any, or rather every atyle of dress and headdress,Uiey stopp«d at the InternatioDal House, under U|!pro-tprietorchip of Ool Coleman As Son, where on leavtt* the; also those white talfctos, sprinkled over with nonquotaTHE Iri^jreN'S TOBCHLIGHT PROCESSION. MKKTiW W THB SPBCIAL COMMITT1K OP THB BOARD OF FOfUOUN AND EMilNKKKS. ^committee, composed of fiveThe approach by river, however, oommande a still finer host. To «!se their own language, tbey enjoyed*! Uieprospect; but thif vaulted* like mirage as ih« vessel comforts oi home. They were therefore surprtatlao* also in Strang & Adristhoe's, white auks, with velvet botf-members of I'oremen and Engineers, met last evening at f I^gilneer's office, Elizabeth street, to make finaldraws alongside the wharf, where all la proaaie black and equally gratified at their reception at the Eutaw,;*ben ; quets of the same rfure color, which look elegant andfor UMpost month has beta toe visit of his $oyal High- m e w for tbe grand parade ia honor of the Prince ness Prince Alfred, aa we have already stated The Barf-white. Ana now nka Royal Highnew atepped a hundred yarea Into tbe Governor's hooac, where several of Uiethe gallant proprietor at Niagara appeared and wp|Amed them to the inviting halls of his other hotel. ,rfBaron Wettorstett, Ambassador of Norway and tkto the Isited State*, reached here on Saturday mi: liag,(lUrtMtie. They havfe in the last mentioned establish-ment some splendid fcbitc rep silka, corn coiored taffe-pief Engineer Decker presided,atae arrived ta Hmoa's Bay oa Tuesday, UM 8Uh Jaiy,dealers in dry goods and jewelry than UMaggregiof five seasons could have done. Remote preps'withthebeautifulOilyofMonuments carvtdinebo&v"behindiherestofmankindinopening Inth-jmarket,toUMgreatdelightofUManxious; Alon foritwasonecontimiedstreamofbrilliantsofthepurest his mouth and throw Ing out an idea or two about what he 1 4Although a great crowd assembled, few saw Ute real sees My oext i-t.er will be penned in Philadelphia, ah;.• e who have been waiting for tbeir arrival In \ jog * water, and there were over a do.-.ec ladies in- pnbiisl ed II full by Thursday morning Prtace,wot,aaaltthe,OperaHousethsnijtntbefore,mis- whereItrust,forthecreditoftheUnitedStates,thepo hopeandtrepidation.ForUienexttwodaysthl-.tress .-quiringaboutit.butasitwasimpossiblefor Tbeore! haveallbeenprocured,andwillbefilledthrough Port Elizabeth, Grahams Town, Fort Beau- rort, and King William's Town, U M capital of UM newly constituted colony of British Kaffraria. The Britishpopulation,wbiohpreponderatelargelytathose frontier towns, bad beea entouaiastic ta its ioyaitrl, Tke Dutch element, ao far at it exista aa a akktoet element a t ail, w a equally demonstrative ; while the native races af Katars, Ftogota, ana Hottentots had joined with heart aad voioe in every movement to do honor to the Prmce. Prom Kaffraria tne royal party had pleased tke frontier and prtceeded to Basuiuiaud, to gratify UMold sage, and faithful chief Moeheeb with an interview. UMBOS they were to pass through UM independent Du-ch republic, the Orange ire« atete, where though tbey wouM meet wlAh rough boors, they were likely to meet with a moat boa pitabic reception. UM Free State Yolkaraad having given carte blanche to Pretorioaa to spend as much money as he pleated in celebrating the Prince's visit beyond tke Orange river. His Royal Highness waa daily expected toere when toe post left (August 10). From UMBOS toe royal party were to enter Natal, traverse it downwards to tee ami, aad embarking on beard tbe Eoryalue at D'Urban, retora te Cape Town about toe bto September. Some doubts ware beii g expressed that this latter part of toe programme the proceeding to Natal overland—would be carried out, from letters having been received by the authorities in Cape Town stating that tbe Prince and party might be ex-permit herself to be outshone on such ancan prevent it, and when Impelled by such a motive as UMdesire for pre eminence what will nand magnificence ol ber jewelry. In fa:t tt would seem as if the value cf toll now Indispensable portion of their ttirewereto settle the question of pre eminence, for never was there such rivalry exhibited before as has been ISdisplayed ta toe preparation for the great event. The^tmpalbe which has beJMi given to tbe business has also in ]augurated a new errand we have no doabt the time willcome when some of pur wealthiest ladles may He in thevalue and extent of their bijouterie with some of the 'wealthiest rf their tidied Bisters in any ot toe European bcurtf. Flftet a and sikteen thousand dollars for a necklacefollowing i receptionCer for toe police regulations of the Prince's (t^iscltyi—GXMiSJI. ORDXR, NO. S33.On:os ot Scp»u»Tasi>BST oe Poucx, |spectl. n o r the outaide public, who could tout have aa Ariadne, twenty six guns, Capt Vaeaittart; Flying Flak. smmtoftneauswrshTtaTy?11 •»»*«» atMatto. was clneisg tolckly scattered 9owera upon a ground of n C opportunity to Inspect tbe deooratiooa. A promaoada *A*I^' 0o,n••*,»», Oan, to befollowed by AdmiralSirmoawaaan i * B a b ^ ^ L ! ^ * " » C f e r t * * **•••*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069I•**.3 L*"«N l w YoK« i Oct 8,18«0 fwww.fultonhistory.comadvantage over the mlKd colors to H " ^ " *Ntw YORK,Oct.9, IMS Woild it not be well for;.outosuggesttoourcitywhichwhichouity.Chaatllly, Brussels and potato d'appllq.ue finances, for bslidresses; point lace of different kinds for trimming, and bouquets and coiflurea of rare and exquisite flowers.Among tbe goods which have been ahown to us ta dlf- fbrent estobliahmenta as suiubiefor ball dresses, or aa having been purchased for the 11th, w s would partlcu [arise a moire antique, of an exquisite fleur de peahe color, which we saw In Lambert's, and a white watered silk, which we were assured had been most extensively jetronized,, All UM fashionable colors are produced ta this matorial-Magenta, Marguerite, violets, maixe aad peachblossom Inthesameestablishmenttheyhadmoat aiao b e tokeninto oontdderatioa,a n d dimauthorities that If U w y would dispense with toe streetsprta«ia«-4a*ocea» oa tbe day of toe reception or UMPrinceofWalestheywouldaddverymateriallytoUM totbePrince'svisit:butthen,wearenotao"mad"aamightIn Macys Utoy have aome/rich and beautifulconsiderablycomplicate theOPIHIOHB AT ROME.BALI.10 THEpwifc* OF wALBS orday Utellth u»t Regimeatal line will be farmed aa tewdrtaeaatolawtHbeaUverywell;batfarateatUrnsas the flattery at halfpast elghtfo'clock A U The non comeAmericamastbebehindevensecondrataffimnnaaeommlsriowed staff and band will report to the Adjutant countries Is auch dWptays; hat she can show as maav at tb* aame place aad time. Immediately after inspec- beautiful woman as any other country, sad with teemThMe*dccofibe b .ad. and Drum Major and Bargeest!QmscBelrTwiM reportto Oant I m k M r Tbe Wdaad0 - such a wide field for UMdisplay of artistic taste and in- nearestisiatioa house until after the parade is over,aad by the overland route; and by the last accounts UMtosyaregive to whom theyplease;bataselect committeewil dectde apes toe aaanwslhtttty of toe peraoaa who akak ka favored with tickate. Tke number of neraaaa at UM bafl Wlimited to S.0OI, ao that toe •free list" wiu coatem bm SCO names It is eatkaatH that tke trial mjnandlf, will exceed half a mUlkm of dollars, and that tbe dwpiar of Jewelry aad ao forth will exceed anything of the Gadd Btfeet, through Twenty third ttrcet to Madiaon tote usiticg ta UM most perfect harmony in a knagnicsThelcoml ttee were engaged up to a late hour in ar- counts bad reached Cape Town of bis progressrangia;t proceseion. Therewill betendivisions, compr sia Ihiut oo« hundred companies, ft will beboars from Washington, where she has beenice of the Prince ol Wales. She was formaUy cheer toe meea room ol his brother midshipmen Tbe\ret to toe Prtace for bis special use by Uie Presi i, and will proceed on.Tburaday morning,atInterest felt in toe Prinoe abiorbed everthing else; hM visit so far bad been a brilliant success Oa his retare te Cape Town b e wss to lay tbe foundation atone of tbe s e wtish Provinces, Foreign Minister! at Washington, Far! of Mulgrave and. Countess of Mulgrave, Marquis and Lady Chandce, Sir-Henry Holland, the Mayors of Fredrickton,Msy it p.ease your Royal Highness—We, the President snd members of tbe Legislative Council beg respecUUUy to tender your Royal Btghxene our hearty welcome oahzff with a brilliancy that only the best diamonds pee St. John, N B . Halifax, Montreal, Quebec and Hamilton; the auspicious occasion of your visit to the colony of thau ther end, of the ball room.Jne plumes, with the well known motto, Ich dlen," The music has be-enrengaged, and Oar! Zerrahn is to be Riyal HigcSe-ee may ei;H>rience health sod happiness•$ja<X with brilliants, was one of the novelties In the line sixty pieces, tiilmore's Band, forty hi number, will playyou a ay be impressed w a a our loyalty aud attachment to the BriUfh ihrone, and that all ciass-i—of whatever re>ior or creed—are conac'nus of tbe honw thus coa!er»«4 •u.'.u,IUbyavisitofarepresentativeoftheroyalfami- ly of Great Britain, under wboae aise a/id beneuceut ge- virpriipnt this country has gradually progrm-ed aadswelry. azd wi.Ldou»tk*i make its appearance at tlie . InLeaddreAseetherewillbeagreatdisplay,and eame ertravarance is exhibited ia tuese as In otherfor the pre>mrnafe and marchesThe fU!ow ing is a letter from qur venerable fellow citi-zen,Ho;..Jo...ahQuincy,nowinhiseigmyninthyear— To .IAUKS W. PAK.K, FJFq , and other members of tie KseWft'es in this citv :-i0>..ii.i,st.%—1 am honored by your proposal to place my name on toe General Committee of Management, forJJrt. Paxi-.i.cn ASDGxjmxaKs—Ithankyouforyoar grod wishes that I may enjoy hea'th and happiness dar- cluster of diamonds, aad is about two and a half lyonotrt Hail, ;h Boston, a country dance with UM Duke ii g m y er.'ourn amongst yon, and reel gratefsl in diameter The.border surrounding toil cluster I or Keat, the Prince's grandfather. I should esteem It a to toe Par.lament ana people ol this couatry like honor to unite on a like occasion with his grandson for having kindly rparcd ao exertions to oa- resentsavine,madeofgoldandenamel,andstudded!Batnature,prohibits,andIsubmitItwillbeimpossible ecretheseforme.Ihope,withyou,thatImay "brilliants. «In the centre of the cluster is a large i for me to be present at the proposed ball, or participate succeed in deriving that advantage and experience fromBurrs' we were 8howu many noveltiep, among whicha bracelet whiish ia worthy of more thanI which voua«kmypermItalon. ItianownearlyIfnotJ f r q g wheels, studded With briiitants, is very striking. Tbe b-oochea, necklaces and other ornaments exhibited a #ii,e(ltabliabmentwerebothvariedandbeautiful,butit wnu.4.be impossible in an article of this length to give asytojpgilseadetailed description ofthem Ourfair reaaets must therefore rest content for the present withthose We have described. ,Hb»#beensuggestedinseveralquartersthataabutafnead and servant, Beaton,October1,I860.JOSIkH QUINCT * '» * JntaaL ' H»*«iPAkna« Bajrrairn Raorasn, 1earth should cultivate those amicable relations which a common origin, a common language and common in- tereststeachU to be our duty;aswehave nodoubtit Will be aa tflorh tha nlaaan** eAAN, nAA»)« i» -••rendering good service to tbe wn-eo and i> » . / c u n i f y , and tola I sha.1 strive te do AirRKOTbeee addresses may serv. ., a samp." < u, loyalUckeuapMce, wbicb tbey arete—»• Rl?tPur||aat to diTtsioa ahd brigade orders, this reeiment 