 irt.U'l Aura*Km••aa.ue.1,CUMoves, i t fi n a i u a xdj. •»•*• *.kH»r},Sew Torn;«T>h***]dry aa his wine cellars full, aires peane above allm* mm " " m m . - w a a of FYanc* a engrafted," saysI till \;nootheiL of the cotW * «••<tie of Melaxao—won at the price of lives.still aay that the It a no doubt true, 1of Parliament, De 1 te the absence of the(a friend or Garibaldi,bloodMM) < *kf» Mar-petty; bat tbeyourselves; tbe V^Utw^ o ffold year arms to your compels you to go back to wtth no future but death.These are the toreabadowings an at may avert tbe coming of the reality.Garibaldi, In tbe meantime, has w a tbe/ Matt,>..,.rtStheMinda»%hUlfawapnry, Galbato, a * , a n d 'e calledopentoperform the ardnoas aanMMMg the taatiisn territory united Italy under tbe fire* geaeralso Quixotic on enterprise would itte not fiifficntt to foreseeponaeased Of superhuman virtue of the asanas! of tbe ""his long aesditated tojaantan of tbe.be arm««i to the north."Wwif aTHQUrJOL•aff<WT •I^U^UJ^fj^^pwisjhiwsnawaw eMenan of Chii- •^-*-' -'-»—»-%^*."Swi-tai^^**«((rt««P*«l6VRUK «UJX8TION the*iy^^|»il|PW#»i^i«WW! P^^^^^P^..-^^^-^^BKtsA I rvWcnSiliPfLMiiaamtJiBmuinieHat'-•.""py=Vaaja.1=="•" |•;•XJTP»)by the Anglo Saxon,i,bytheconventionattheGreat Powera, ihi Paris baa vistuaily the settlement of theis really alarmed at the possible abyss which may lay be- neath this Syrian question and the formidable aspect ofthe grant Powers; at least as to the formation or a di reeling commission. Even in that combination they per- mitted the co-operation or Spain. Tho Chevalier de La- brador was, aa weir as Prince de Talleyrand, invited to the preparatory Conference, where the Plenipotentiaries or Austria, Great Britain. Prussia and Russia took the ini- tiative of the Mhriawlon on Abe preliminary basis of the Congress. The pteasnee of Spain waa not for a momentynaa question.2d Garibaldibaa,» aaecem ta Sicily a3d. Fifteen henifiil nf dsjMMaaaTw troops hadI Ontabria, on the neeiu fend, and Naples was atat atxandyourcitadel la mined, and in tw<:ialtramconveyedthemtotheS a i d I n:acoithe Imperial Court do not heeitate to say that HaMoatWl enna. The other otmrts, on the contrary, were of opinion thatthe deliberationa ought only to take place betweenLiverpool, arewhere fraud anid greed haa east into ottwhich atheyields nothing—is called in question, and she entered not only into the Di-eiblynorth leaden, willhe mighthi openlyti£mmmi*gm&m$*'!**'are d m * that she"«»!«~'•**> « Mlade-nal»n*iaoalaf in%atobeiitheiirar of Austria 24th alt,,at- hisMinia-faatVSL^IFortune lav«•client. His Satanic Majesty i of defence, bat in the»ita he teems to have i Aflhbain,quitereadyJustnew tomakea inin a steamer from the Neapolitan government, in order to place himaelf at the disposition of Colonel Booco, the com- maaaaat. foani. to hie anrpriae, the townoccupied by the Garibaldiana. n a n wan nothing for it bat to goto Ge-ins a tbe latest < aaaajajj- awf wnmwj sassm mu *inthetotarvtewit.vuguatthe rate whichmm mm* Count 1Ida way. Garibaldi at once accorded this, at the same activity abroad, it does not IbUewahatwe should beau than aaatiMjthwffnajiirHlTinitii m^lrnm irfimrhlr p-irpr thorised to dtopute the exercise of the right if claimedsitiona to the beaiegod. He waa accompanied by a Gari anew. By the extent and the wealth or her territory, by baldian officer and a trumpetor bearing a white dag. A tof Garibaldi—told me that tbe King, after expressing hi aDOlOr<*a£at Jthan ha.tion of being the most b0 moat frequently allThe question now is: what are the practical results ofall tbtee mutual civilities and flattering attonttoaatHare the bouses of Hapsburg aad HohaaaoUara coaasnlsdto forego their traditional antagonism; to consign tbeirlong cherished feuds and animosities to oblivion; to ktsea a d m a k e f r i e n d s , l i k e T o m B a y e r s a n d t h e B e n t c i a a I n -fant, inatead of pummelling each other for the amusementor tbe bystanders? B v Austria agreed to desist fromher opposition to (the national aad liberal policyinaugurated h y Prussia to ;Germany —and h a s the assistance of the latter been promised her in return, to ease of that tbe balance nt power still requires thai to be attack by foreign or internal enemies? Or has Prussiasuccumbedtotheblandishmentsofthereactionaadaban-doned a policy that has rendered her an object of envyand fear to Austria, of respect to the rest of Europe, and ofhope to the German nationv The spprshsnatoss that hadbeen excited on this lent head by tbe triumphant powersw h o c o u l d r e e t a e f o r other capacity, ina d i p l o m a t i c o r a n y at a thata Uha the pnaontj with progiosstve ideas. Irname ofthei TheftoUans,tneir bopee in this cause. It wUl befikewe totheir Ima m $ ii—-Ijfisfit%%"•**MORNINGttflsf *f* »>*Si 'ifea*.1ALD. !* * # i a * Mr« • ** **& -,^mmmmmssrf<afr»d of hn.aiI to beutaiitobeiies, a whole posse of creneral officers, > camp, Ax., and a troop of thelm The streets of the pretty little weter- t illuminated and decorated with butitwas noticed thattan very touch m the lastthat h e looked extremelyIeno,hajnwvar,be-to hah* as mto.called the City • tat* andartillery,m^nSmm^mmTnie return from Topttx the Kmperori MadesirethatMMwholeoftheraf<r Laienbourgacertainit up." "No, repliedBosco, »1 soldiers who have fought so well.which still contains numerous invalids from Ma-in the evening there was self warmly to praise of tbe General, aaade one of thesebateau of Prince Clary, words—"Rest assured that everything I aaa do for h a success I will do." Then, looting down for a misnant, Toplitz, at which, however, the be said, sadly—"Ah, bat I am tired of thia trade of being «ent on account ofa slightcold. King, with its intrigues and rultsan Bow I envy tbemanwhocanactashisheart dictates"'Prussia and Austria are beginning to look cloudy abouttbeItalawquestion;theysaythatGaribaldimastatop, the Saxon frontier. Heretbey whether France warnso it or not. Ah France, tf Mas would but wink at his gotag on, little would he care tara goiu,on 'carried aaa. tanAll I aakts thatthe quitted Ioftheioudof my soldiers be spared, citadel only to return to it anam in unison with the gallant spiritwill be completely represented. Nothing, ! calculated to give to the decisions of Ca- authority and stability desirable than theiiaaaian Of all who may have the right to co operate, of you t o bring these observations to the knowledge -forign AtUirsof , and to leave despatch. I should be happy to learn the opinion of the Emperor:sdence than ail tbe bayonets of all tbe soldiers of all the German Princes.frT'W ...• «•« hMteaJw a*I«>the reputa- andlbelieveThey nee tbe worn outwffllGermany It a tbe wbamiml wtoh sped from tbe i general interests of which the protection won received by the j Prince Royal of Saxony, (the hus- Talk ries that ta the dagger snare fatal to Italian toaaaan-t o a d e c i s i o n w i t h t h e o t h e r P o w e r s i n r e g a r d t o sot like France interfering, uuless she is to be permitted to put down the outrages which have occurred en her frontiers Turkey does not like being outnumbered to troops by foreigners, a a d England a aaaad any wham near the front does not like any intervention which ambraoea a rood ofI t i s s u p p o s e d t o b e , 1 tributive punishment for the <to!oftoartshland beyond Syria proper. The Pay*, whose semi official authority is well known, says." The Syrian question has not yet received the conclusion so impatiently looked for by thepublic." « _ « . .~ e Emperor still continues hie reviews. OnWednes- hn reviewed some rorty-flve troops, of all arme, onthe racecourse in the BOIBde Bwlogue, and other re views are to he held next week. The little Prince Im- perial la already beginning to assist his father in per- forming some oi the onerous duties of royalty. Some few days ago the Emperor, having met with name of the youths of the College of Versailles in the Park of St. Cloud, entered into convernation with them. On their return, grant wan the regret of thane at home that they should have missed the cccasion. The Emperor, divining this, sent the little Prince the next day t> viait the school, when the pupils sang " Doattwe Salvun.'' and greeted him with the liveliest acclamations. The little fellow waawith everythieg, and on taking leave of the .,, exclaimed, * Point dspwntaitamnfi a<yo«roy*tu, JT. te JHrtctaar, etun cenye. t'tlvout plait." Os courseto knar wan to obey—the punishments were and the holiday granted.Side by aide with the Emperor's letter appears a pam- phlet entitled, "LaSyrtsetl'Alliance Ruase." The author, alluding to the Syrian msMacrefc in teitimony or the utter decay of the Ottoman empire, proposes a reorganisationi. "Why." he asks, "did France go to war with 1864V Simply because Russia did not make an adequate offer or concessions to keep her quiet. " red the Rhine, matters would have_ very diflerent. Strebo speaks of Gaul's extentloa to the Rhine. <rpo, the French must have the Rhine-that is, Luxemburg, two-thirds of the Rhenish pro- •VProasia the Landgrevali of Hesse-Homburg t portion or Holstein Oldenburg After•Claiming Constantinople, it says, •« What will Austria Prussia and England aay to that!''and Servia may be given to the former, and Prussia can be provided for out of Austria. England must be content, or she will low Gibraltar, Malta and the Ionian isitnds. This pamphlet is havinginternational competition o ftarn days ago.on the Empercre farmatBt Cloud. The first prize was granted to Meters. Burgess t Key.of Losdon,and the first national nrtoe to M. Maxiet.ofLtigte. The Emperor waipreaent throughout,Hia Majesty is said to have a project for establishing AbdellUdermavios-royalty.analagoostothatorEgypt, Damaacus or Jerusalem, thinkMOM the balance betweenthe in Syria and the lAtm and..who dispute MatpoaaeasionoftheHoly ButtheEnglishgovernmentwillnotlistentoit.H e AnjMnr't Letter—Comma** *f the Semi Official French of the Porto—Pnyisahiiiio/ England—The Ad-tf Spain at a tint Ckm Power—Iwaertont Despatch o / Jf. Thoutmel-Litest frtm Sf.ria.dc. dc. The great excitement of the day w t h e tetterby the Emperor Napoleon to his Ambassador at the Court of St. James, Count de Persigny. This letter (already publabedintheH«iuu>)isaomatterof fact and explicit that i t needs no comment Y e n wilS observe that Emperor clearly indicates towards the end of histhat the intervention in Syria is for him a thing thateleven Theytna>saytoEurope,yeahaveaoaaoaraoaa hehad Great toanlese the people are an- T etafmpha,withceatunes of wrongs, we do ant ask yen to right an your strong arm, but ta tbe i yr-Buffer us to right ourselv<a.affla Mr. L e w and looked on the tranfera of theof the Termg Zietung have been in some measure allayed by an energetic rebuke addressed to that print in the offi cial Parisian ganette, aad still more by the reply of the Prince Regent to the Prussian deputation that waited on him at Toplitz, assuring them that "he would persevere, under all circumstances, in tbe course of action hehad porsued hitherto." IThese few words pronounced at such a time sad in such a place, are extremely significant. They mean that in spite of tbe obstacles interposed by the jealousy and egotism of the German princes, Prussia will continue to promote the cause of national unity which is so ardently desired by all true patriots, and which is inseparable from tht attainment of constitutional freedom and tbe secu- rity of the country against foreign aggression. It to n fact, too, that Prussia declined in polite b a t categorical terms the proposal of the Court of Vienna to admit the four satellites of Austria—tbe Kings of Bavaria, Wurtem burg, Saxony and Hanover—to the Conference, which Is a guarantee ibat Topiitz will not bea repetition of Carismhe that the system of coercion recommended by Ma Beast and Berries will not be resarted to, and that national Association of Eisenach, tbe great bugbear o! these gentlemen, will be allowed to continue ita activity undisturbed hy raxlias of tbe police or by decrees of the Dirt 1But if the German policy of Prussia is not likely to be serlously affected by this mooting am by no means sure that it will not react unfavorably upon her general Euro- pean policy. As far as 1 have been able to ascertain, in-' the statements of the Augsburg Gazette end other in the Austrian interest, that positive engagements P e<ntered into, and .the principles laid down for acnncertediaction of Austria and Prussia m the greattioos or tbe day, are at best premature; but there area son to believe that the sagastotlons between tbe two Cabinets have led to an approaimation toseveral of these qneeUoan, which, tf followed np by Austria wtth her usual sagacity, m ay b e productive Of results equally advantageous to bar s a drassing to this country The Prince Regent hap pens to be to a frame of mind whichhim peculiarly hable to be influenced by theor tbe Austrian Statesmen He is filled with alarm at the progressofthe revolution in Italy, and withfor the unhappy fate of the leginmate soverelgBS ofof poor young Bomba;andthis precious sprig of royalty baa granted his snbjsnto aconatltutioo, it Is tbe Prince's sincere opinion ought to be, and would b e satisfied, if theywill not allow pen te requires yea toofhe.The semi official organ—thea moat ImportantMaasnuuB, August 1, Iflflfi. Accounts from Constantinople of the 2Mb ult., which have cogee to by the regular mail, state that the Mar- qua de Lavalette has njtified to the Porte the re- solutions come t o h y France. Great discon- tent is said to prevail in the Turkish army, the Renter part nf which has ant received any pay for several months, sad it is stated that anexertion a to be made to give the artillerypay in order to prevent a mutiny among thfrom Oemaecuaoftbe 12th confirm the fact that 6,000destroyed. The whole nf the burnt Some Turkish house*, Christians had been sheltered, have alao been Themassacrelasted eighty hours, sadit is difficult to estimate the number of tbe victims. Several thouaaaia of the Christians took refuge- in tan citadel,and sat fewer than 2,000 on the premises nf Abd-el Kader, some of the consols sought refuge to the bonse of the English Consul. The greitosttbe now Governor of Damaacus. baa ai1,200 aeeaiera A t nsnatonttoiipli a riot of Armenians had taken place Several taorasads e t^tmmmS^^mlmfSciSimrthat of order, stability and true, i. *,1^pn«ttoalwbrk1a,efaaoha theory wonld be, that it a the duty and the interest of Proas* to lepuatatailinoflllthr- ••—«*—part of Ormund ssjatent/*-sjMJJj aay rateU a said, would be iaehaed by a foreign•-ssrwefiror tbe people, a l 'SnUIMaVw)IfPruaiiaa i with tbe.thatit will to be—' revolution.m&s to be thefor his ambition, itiItiaai fcct, too, that while the funds in Englandto the letter byra riae or >4 per coat,of vlenla.The nommuntnatlaas emhangad he- after October, 1814. on the of the Congress, plead in f«- which the other Powers bad of its poTbe tone of some of theFreaeh joomala, theof French officials, idonee of the Emperor—which have percolated throughdiatance from t h e citadel t h e trumpet w a sstilland Bolferino.faUalscolonies in America and the two Indies. Spain possessesall Mats oaaautates a great Power, and the war which shehaajant brsanat to such a favorable concluaion revealstheeiementaef forcoe and power she possesses. The great Courtecouldcatyseewithsatisfactionthe augmentationOf the number of Powera composing the fiirawnu nan- the Betel de Ligne,The more States that concert sonata, the greater nua, from whence a the guarantees for the maintenance of equilibrium; village of BodenbachEmperorcalledforthePrinceatlot the the situation of his mine, and with aband of the beautiful Princess Carola Vasa, who refusedthe hand of Louis Napoleon), by whom they were acsom-panted to Pilluitz, whore they found the King of Saxonywaiting for them and ready to conduct them to tbe patoOf, which is famous in history from the alliance coneluded there to 1SB2, between Leopold II. of Austriaand Frenerick William 11. of Prussia against revo- mo*OB tjTcu wflBul TmfdmWT wo WMWWWV avwlH0B IBMMBHBV) MMMBSHH lutionary France. The Prince Regent, however, excused Italy.himself on the plea of his presence being required at borne Poor Italy, must she ever remain tbe Htobe of nation*?whiteflag w a swaved, andthe eyesofgentaa the daneant atthelordofthemanorPrince Regent was not proceeded with him to the terms OnFridayatnineAM.aaw^UaTetttng'a white aaiUwnnaBHaT"'with finally a squadron of rour rrigates,wan aaea the Fulminant*—bearing at hera flag of truce. She waa conveying an envoy from the King of Naples, with propositions such as I have given in articles of the actual convention, which were, in fact, abnoet identical with thoae proponed by Garibaldi.The Mamtcur of thia morning| publishes also some energetic instructions tram the Ottoman government to its various Governors respecting the Syrian massacres These instructions bear date the 34th of July.The heavy state or the Paris Bourse, notwithstanding the Mnhn«**M> exhibited in the London money market, is to he owing to the grearf difficulties experienced ina ©spy if to thisfollows:—i ia/ foeWar,etc,<ofholding his hand •ina ConventJoa orrecting Committed, hot did no incontestibly aaa great Power, whilst Portugal and Sweden only appeared to sign the treaty of Paris of the 30th May, 18U. Innowagainhow to firmness, to•MTtiwir nor< Ther.ttlar,mytogtoBeai rope may act i ' tOJOBIto the councils ofto say this?) derivedHJD,by obliged to mix all great atatn, and whose means of bem to exerciae influence in all common is situation derives to a certain point «a the duties attached to it. If It pro- It also imposes aacrinces; if ltfoundaa with it heavy responsibility, for it requires extends to all the eaaential family. However, have not alland influence to fulfil their it not just that the number of Cabinets part in this concert shall be diminished to taneventswhamweakenthe and decide the international sitn- And if Spain, to consequence ofbntoaV excluded from theooanoU of the Powers, it not appnar, now that the has surmounted difflcul- that the moment baa oome tar her to resume hertothecouacihiofthegreatOourtey Aslhavesaid, of those which signed theNaples bsa agreed to yield all pretenstana to theI do not apeak ot Prance, which from the begin ning would bav* desired, to a oertain extent, the partici- pation of all the Powers which ware represented at Vi-Prince, who arrived there at six, dressed in the Austrianuniform, sad with the collar of the Golden Fleece de-pending from his neck. ! The tw o potentates embraced,shook bands very cordially, and than proceeded onfoot to the State carrtags, which conveyed them to theHotel de Ligne, where the Emperor and his suittook ton with his Royal Highness. The next morningwas ushered in, of course, by a grand parade, after whichthe Prince Regent received a deputation from the Prus-ston visiters nt Toplitz, and then had about an hour's pri-vate conversation with the Emperor, preceded and followed hy conferences 6{ their Ministers. Count Rechbergalso had an audience of his Royal Highness, and M. degfftlil»*'to was introduced to the Emperor. At four theymet again at: dinner in the Emperor's apartments at theHotel de Londres, Francis Joseph appearing as before inthe Prussian and the Prince Regent in the Austrian uni-Victor Emanuel be really exercaung a \baldi, that prsnmn to das to tan pro-existent pressure upon this Court.Napoleon is willing that Piedmont shall have! nomore. The isaalne of the totoadof Sardinia to France is talked about, an a quid pro quo. LOnthe 16th of Aurost, atMacKing will have a meeting, aad the totter then will receive the commands of the august Brnpctut to fnonen.This King, if he had his own way. would prove times!] a sovereign worthy a people's love. They do love him, as it is, for he is gallant and geaeroas; hot he is so nam pered sad crippled, and bedevilled by political neoem, ties, that the real genuine awn that to in him baa littlechance of showing1 itself.An American, who recently had a private interview withAn officer am ring recognizing in Spain the right to he consulted in;up. Tbe follow- neral OatlbaMI himaelf, and ask permission to paanon meet did not put it forward, when events occupied all itageneral af&irs. the Cabinets would only accord her a prl vtlege which they spontaneously conceded in 1816. That right is by its nature one of ttteae which time does not weaken, From the circumstance that the Spanish govern-form, after which the latter retired to his lodgings, andthe dormer paid a visit to the military hospital. him, without the knowledge nf tan Ministry—on the partlto thaidid not, a o y•*»»»* >«..*av»M>.w»» •The! ,tneoriginIfkMawimwewrva a Power in • fndn fiscere nrn cmlr/,Mknowntobe«thatfeci of thair. aad the results of the ! of as negative a:of Brealan and Bad'Poweriifaa-Tas,tores,theonly Punches and Judies.It la n o t known whether Naplesmadealeague,hotittogenerallyfeared by all, and by many believed.It is known that Victor Emanuel wrote to Garibaldi onthe ex Holy Alliance, since the time or the great coalitionagainst the first Napoleon, to appoint each other to thenominal oonmand of some of their finest reguaents; thanthe Emperor nf Austria is colonel of a Russian and aPrussian, the Czar of an Anstrtonnnd a Prussian, andthe Prince Regent of an Austrian and a Russian reg'.-ment, which are called respectively," Regiment ofFrancisJoseph,**"RegimentofAlexandern.,"and"Regimentofthe Prince Regent." Occasionally thane appellations areretained even after the death or the illustrious individualsfrom whom they are derived. Here in Prussia, ror in-stance, the late Nicholas of Russia still gives his name toaregimentofcuirassiers,Battoreturntooarmntton,asthe French say on the 26th, at halfpast fire P.M.,theEmperor proceeded to the railway terminus, accoutredin the uniform of his Prussian regiment, and decoratedwith the grand cordon of the Black Eagle, to meet the. tbe Court habituit bare wnrtnat the belief that tf•' -*..which was easily accounted far ae tidings ha had .mat received from Ph ye a Mt h a, t w h e r e t h e p a s s i v e r e a i s t a n o e o f t h e H a n g n r i a a s i s gradually assuming the character or open insurrection. For t h e Prince Regent apacioen and elegant apartments hadbeen fittedupatthe HotelceLigne,andacompany of the Austrian regiment of Grenadiers, which bears bis name, was stationed there an a guard of honor. Ton will recolloci that ft has been the custom of the members oftwo,government.The following i the answer of Const Rechberg, the to meet htafieter the Dowager Empress of Russia, sad Are the brave hearts of her people always to be arnshed.Austrian Minister to M. Thouvenel, addressed to Prince* Metternicn, on the subject of the admission of Spain to a place among the Great Powers:—VOMOU, Jane 12, I860. The Marquis de Moustier has communicated t o me t h e despatchofM-Thouvenel, acopy ofwhich I submitto year Excellency. In that document the trench Cabinet exphttoa the motives from which it has arrived at theopi- nion that Spain should henceforth be admitted to a shirein the deliberations of the Great Powers on aflairs of gen* r a l n a t i o n a l l a t e r e s t . I n s u p p o r t o f t h i s v i e w M. T h o u v e n e l declares that Spain has alreedv been recognised at the Con- gress of Vienna as a great Power in the commission of direction; that at a later period, in consequence ot unfor tunate event*, she found herself temporarily excluded from the councils or Europe; and that naw, after having given a glorious proof ot her strength, she seems to claim toreaaeumetheplacethat appertainstoherintheCon greas of Nations.No nation nan have more sincerely rejoiced than Aus- tria a t the sac Besses that have lately crowned the efforts of the heroic Spanish army. That noble nation baa long possessed all our sympathies, and it i£ with the greatest satiBfsction that we perceive her, after her long interior dissensions, returning to a new life with redoubled nrlor and energy for the developement of her immense moral and material resources.Neither do we heeitate to acquiesce with France in the opinion that Spain punitestw all the necessary elements to fulfil the duties and responsibilities attached to the posi- tion of a Power of the first rank.Under these circumstances we not only offer no objec- tion on our side to the participation of Spain in the com- mon deliberations of Europe, bat we welcome the fact with a satisfaction worthy of the high esteem that Spain has merited in the coarse of her history.In expressing this opinion voluntarily, we consider it of importance to state that it has an exceptional charac- ter, and we protest beforehand against aay conclusions that any Powers may'choosi- to draw from thia precedent.The European Congress, as it fulfilled its functions dur- ing the grand crises of the tost fifty years, had gives a special form to the Cojgresa of Aix la Chapelle by the ad- mission of France to the onion of the four other Courts.The Congress then formed between the fire greatwas founded upon the positive duties they had bymoo accord imposed upon themselves in the interest of the mirntananoB of ton peace and of the fixed principles of the law of nations.Starting atomthis point of view, and, moreover, eon- aidering that once the circle is enlarged, it will become very difficult to draw a line of demarkation among the claims which may ariae on every aide, Auatrla has at ways held tne opinion that it to proceed with theextremest prudence in anv attempt nat Ctnheoaeag- mentation of the number of Powers admitted to this Con gress. which is supported by the obligations contracted in virtue of rights ana treaties emanating rrom itSpam, we are the hrst to admit it, offers, to this view or the subject, ail the guarantees required. San may claim, moreover, sad with justice, the exercise of a right she incontostahly already formally possessed. It appears to us evident, however, I repeat, that other governmeatt that have not the same claims or the same precedent to adduce, cannot in any way invoke this example in their favor.Will it please you. Prince, to come to an understanding in this sease with M. Thouvenel, in reading thisd*epetch to him, sad in leaning a copy Of it wtth himtf,heishoald require it. - RECHMOsB.Garibaldi has granted an armistice to the Neapolitans, nhn a i s ssaimsliiu Mtnsliis in earnest this time. There are now thirteen iassets of war taking on boardme troops to transfer them to Naples.The following telegraphic despatches tusi received will be found interesting, as they give toe latest details from Syria:—CoxjTisTnronx. July St, IBM). Intelligence has been received from Beyront aanonac-the party then separated, with good demonstrations of and tbeir arms outstretched for tbe boon nf lsbsr*/ iriendthjp and cjrdiality. the Enperor sad the King of ever to be weighed down with shaahhn* aver totbe same institutions to hto tag the safe arrival there of the astern of Charity, tan have worked so saaabaWy toLaaariata a a d several ladies from escort rumished b y Abd-el Kader.Damaacus, witha nsame institutionsin their cemetery. Sir Henry public farce, end tan eeldleaa about forty of them.In that [forces will probably be fully employedThe packet . brought accounts trooinwhoit ot h e HHh.Fundthe majority of the —part to toe massacres. Thenumber, ufthe e.OO© ^aUjj^dvnn^ar W s t o aarrisan at Tamaseas a yart remamea inactive, wmiebntiitn#ipMtieaiar Power. under thews nil ia ofn treaty fancfaa«Kwraewas aoi"opes to risk. S**« wnnsV •9on• * « J J S ^ i i ^ «datarbtoSsr-nd pocket them very quietly while tothe 5 e others drove back the ttratiaaB wbenthey were at- tbeir natnra) iifltaTaBrt are engaged eto"where: nay, asto the or-temnato'to escape from tbeir burning aousea. Abd ei-Kader dtf^fended tbe Cbrwtiars award in hand.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069thedecUtfedr^retnrtorofttaly.hewwitabeperfecUyjataPialaJv *y dsnw ^dmm*JS& mm^mr •Saasnjsnnwt»4Untitled DocumentSaxony remaining at piitnitz aad the Regent continuing his journey to Berlin, where he arrived at four in the af- ternoon.be chained that tbe balance of power ta Europe be pre 't Balance of power! I ana ntak, took nf these They a r e t b e threadbare girmaato that the rottenness nf the bodies politic tastirred up by an anarchical party wnose aim it a to over turn all tbe legitimate governments of Europe. At tt* same time his omoirr-wropra is flattered bylia'^ Sm¥mVmml^m^mtZ«E shoaUihtm b yWSW^MPBW* JTW MB)» w*i •TPRICE TITO CBSTTS=influence the General to stay his progress withsition of Sicily, and to prevent him from attacktogMapioa. The Patrv (French) says, knowingly, that they saveassuraaces in Paris that the King a exarostog a ] upon Garibaldi to atop him.In Nantes they speak oanfldantty ot - toetwokingdoms,andthatthereextotaatantnofGnri baldi: that France and Piedmont will atop him.land future.This is one of the stipulations ofTbe people of Eagtoad are still warm with sympathy • eminent that makes the ministry rnflaet the views of theBall,Says diplomatic Europe, "we know that you ba»e1 trocden under foot by governments that haveare the dtagrace of their age. that tbe gove Naples, by its bloody tyranny, itsreceived tbe censure of even Austria .lives are lives of terror, with no safety for IMS or pro-ri ...-_ ,theacqui www.fultonhistory.com 