 1 "'••'•'• .'•• r•12; *1.«?«•r.v rw"VFftfcttUARY 20,older,than the present regime, which has hitherto bceu; applied only id jwdr workmen, who have ."concerted"together toraiw wages, but is, in let> ter and spirit, equally applicable to any^coalition of employers. -:t.the restoration of their legal rights in the hands of the Emperor. The deputation had an interview with Count Eechberg, the President of the Counsel ^ef Ministers, and with the Archduke Eainer, the President of the Council of the Empire. Both re-ceived them well, and stated that the question oftheir reception by the Emperor would be decided at , once. On the following day, a Council was held at the Palace, and a minority. proposed con- cessions- to Hungary, and the repeal of the obnoxious decree for the organization of the Protestant Churches; butthe majority, obsequious to the weH-known views of the Emperor, decided that ** there is no reason to depart from the present" [very different from his disfavor of December 31 ] forms are fitted to the. aspirations of the faithful iu " from his last letter before the Italian" war." It behalf of the Pope and his claims on tho Romagna.calls the official French organ nothing better That the public sale of this little book should bo than " t h e Parisian journal entitled the Mcnkeur." officially sanctioned, asit is, by Cardinal Archbishophow or other, to come out of the present "situa- tion",into France.Moniteur of to-day publishes the following explana-M!f1 -'lfrom hhn that the Barons Vay and Pronay had«*laimed: " T e l l those scoundrels there is plenty of no direct allusion to the Encyclic. Such is the**roomforgibbetsinHungary,andthatIamin- essentialpurportoftheteport, theUniversandits *' clined to have some raised for the benefit of these suppression being but accidental. I quote and• ." big-mouthed fellows." The return of the deputa- abridge:tion to Hungary was greeted at Pesth with enthu- "The Unicers has made itself the organ of a religionsJtiaxxn. Everybody now sees, that the die is cast, party whose pretentions axe daily in more and morethe fourteenth century and the nineteenth'centaury, and the beginning of a great reform within the Roman Catholic-Church, which, as church, is quite; asgoodachurchandstraightroadtoHeaven,dear Sir or Madam, as your little "connection" and special back-stair short-cut, or mine.pursued with great success for many years by Mon-sieur Cheve. One Mousieur Vaudin, author andteacher of a different system, or the same system $6,000) for the support, of the Jewish Establishment. withadifference,didnotlikethispraiseofhisrival, Boththeselawswillbelessviolentlyopposedby and spoke ill of About. Thereupon About wrote the higher ranks of the Ecclesiastical party than the very grossly ill of him In the feuilleton of the Opin- third which contemplates the abolition of the " Con- ion Natimurt, making ill-flavored comparisons at cordat" with Rome. The history of this "Con-!•» >against which Cavour is protesting. The' revived Italians. •, , x • , A rumor that the King of Naples is about to interfere It is stated that military officers are to be attached to openly in favor of the Pope would be insane, if the Freneh Embassies at all the great EuropeanI+f the J&oaperor, and furnished there an apartment franca and Zurich are virtually annulled. The West- "that the Archbishop of Paris has resigned." The form, however, is gravely important. The ex- generally known on the 22d, the Government pro-•1•*'•»«! ^friends, to demand satisfaction. About protests but it oozed out that under this pretext was con- manifestations. , ' M ,, . . . .•against the intrusion, as against all the rules; cealed a plan for again imposing on Tuscany the friendswithdrawVaudin;inthecourseofthoday, yokefromwhichshehadboonrelievedbytheFirst a friend of About communicates to friends of Vau- Leopold. When the Concordat] had become a din, About's decided and contemptuously-expressed fait accompli, the Grand Duke,] alarmed at tho opinion that Vaudin has not a tangible gentlemanly indignation of tho country, endeavored to tempor- point at which a gentleman can shoot or thrust. izo with the Pope and induce hira to cousent to Jan. 22, Vaudin, with witnesses, goes to the Cafe those half measures for which Tuscany had becomeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069jsons: First, it would put ah end to their largo pro-•mourning dry goods shops, or as we do say criminallawyers for advocates who are -just-as innocent as partly from patriotism, but more partly out of spite tion of a clause in the Decree of the 20th, whieh in retaining what he has apt yet lost, and Naples•I•.'>"!«(>•..&* iirhal «f fce Arabia and Borussra.-The election to-day, at the Academy, of FatherLacordaire to fill the arm-chair left vacant by DeTocqueville, troubles him as little. The result ofthe voting is not announced at the hour of raywriting, butthe eloquent Dominican's .success hasbeenconsidered^certain any time these' three weeks.Pot, beside the votes of Legitimists and Ultra-montane members, like hia old associates Monta-lembert and Falloux, which he could naturallycount upon, he had secured those of ProtestantGuizot, and Voltairian Mignot, and Thiers. Norneed their suffrages have been given solely for thefoolish sake of "spiting" Napoleon, Probablyhis .famous sermon at fit Roch in 1853, in whichNapoleon was not spared, has helped to his electionto-day. And doubtless neither he to-day, nor M.Falloux two years ago, would have* attained theiracademical honors had the Count de Paris suc-ceeded to the throne of Louis Philippe. But nowthat Ravignan is dead, Lacordaire is the first livingFrench Catholic pulpit orator, as his " conferences"at Notre Damo and at Toulouse sufficiently prove.By intellect and temperament he is an innovator, arevolutionist, and would have gone over into openrebellion against Rooie, with his sometime col-league Lammenais, with whom he visited th f cle: Ijbave his family."• -:'7POPULAR SUFFRAGETO DECIDEIT. — •goes to France. England, however, has great ob tion. But the great mass of the nation, whose sup- kctions to such an extension of France, and thinks port Napoleon always shrewdly, aims to secure, will it dangerous to adopt the p/>hcy of nationalties, rally around the national standard—not only a large and of natural frontiers. Thi« qneataon, however, portion of the intelligentjWeifes, but Voltaireans andmother of little Caroline Wasa, whom Louis Napo- up official relations with a Prince, the decadence of leon tried to marry, and could not. Louis Napole- whose dynasty has been pronounced by thecoontry, on had a sincere affection for the Duchess, and and that too in the person of a citizen (BargagJi),i mmmHISOONTENT HUNGARY.*w*iWn'j»jitJiMfflE.ii4iiS1860.A nicetijjig was aceordmglv arranged in the Men- stitutional in its nature as it was «3isgracerot, fronv don Woods, whereat *L Vaudki wounded" M. the surreptitious manner in which it was forced About sHghtry in the arm. > upon the country. The reasons which will be as-Court halls are suspended, and; the Court is signed for its abolition are two. First: Because gone into mourning for Stephanie, late Grand the Concordat was virtually null and void from the Dowager Duchess of Baden, Who died at Nice, last first moment, since in '51 the statute not having- Sunday.! She was the granddaughter of Count been abolished the Ministry1could not abrogate the Beauharnais, who was uncle to Empress Jose- fundamental laws of the State without consultingCJownt Griinno returned to one of the dependenciesntftbe palace, into the ) f Stallburg," as chief equerryDr. Todd; the eminent physician and physiologist, died suddenly m London on the 30th nit.is enormous. Thus, a highly intelligent person Bent;me a note yesterday with this record:. " W o hear mate, Jibe annexation, then, remains but a form.1848—is now the law of the land. ' B y a decree, bearing date the 20th January, but which was onlyperor,' and had even accompanied him to the Italian eampaign, and ridden ai his side at the fatal field of Bolierino'. But she had been discarded by her i Imperial lover during his short fit of re- tFKANCE. "—r*sorely), would be much like Senator Sew' the fortnight from a subordinate, newspapery, theo-ard resigning to J. Buchanan on occasion of the retical, to a high practical rank, is the Savoy and tantamount to a new coafirmation of the memorable-TM>»«t» mtheir troops at Gouzaga, on Austrian, and nearPerugia, on Papal ground; and still there are *r>eopfo who believe m peace and talk about a Congress,ThequestionofSavoyandNicehaslikewisebecome serious. Savoy wishes for annexation t o , Praneev butNice does not, and the Swiss are uneasy about.*'^.^*\~?i'ht'.*ix*mwxjmiwmwm'W*Mt-*m*>,*imeaiimmmssssisz&ss^^ ^^^^^^^w^»w»^wwP«^iBBw^MB^w?ETOTS EDSB06 TO1 CRISIS. such a change, which would surround theCanton or Geneva on three sides by French bayonets. l «phine's first husband. The first Napoleon adoptedParliament Second: That even if the validity ofrm usEXitios OP CESTRAL rriii. ..., -be ceded ^her as his daughter, and arranged her marriage- 'calm them it is'proposed that the Savoyan districtsthe Concordat were admitted it would not be fitting with the heir of the Baden Duchy, who was to for the Government to maintain in force a treaty of have the Bavarian Princess, whom Napoleon bade sush a nature with a State which has not only re- to marry Eugene Beauharnais. She was grand- fused to recognize its existence but has even keptCOLLISION AT ANCONA. rests exclusively with the new Sub-Alpme Parlia-philosophers. It is the patriotic Riiudar^^compari- tively, the liberal standard; and still a religious standard.I cannot help thinking that Napoleon has in the past few months greatly streugthened and enlarged the ground of his position. His system must tum- ble some day like that imposing, seemingly-firm Lawrence edifice, for at bottxim there is quicksand.doutless sincerely mourns her deathJ His personal whom Tuscany herself has. declared a rebel, andf11 i<Q^i*'<ment and the inhabitants of the Provinces ot Savoy and Nice. England may protest, but will do noth-attachments are evidently stronger on the mother's whose property she has confiscated. Farini has already anticipated in the Emilia the first contem- side of his house, than on the pure Napoleonic, or, plated provision of the new law. On the JOtb heINKOSSUTH REPORTED ABROAD.ing more..GKEAT BRITAIN » . — » —as DidsDury says, outside of his house. Old Jcromo issued the following decree:. is poorly again for the past week or two, but thefarm. The Jesuits know well how to make ^ ^ I From Our Own Com1spondee*. of any lever for attaining their ends, and thusLecompton vote. The word senator reminds rne Nice annexation complexity. No sooner was the vote of ihe 20th August, whereby tbe National As- that my intelligent city correspondent may not, afterall, have listened to downright madness in accepting Italian campaign opened with programme of Italy sembly declared it to be the deliberate will of Tus-Count" Orhnne and Kate Rexiz gained Francis Jo- seph once more over to Despotism and to the Concordat. The orgies held in the Imperial 8tailburg have BOW completely demoralized the-Emperor, who since the last campaign has, into the bargain, learned to get drunk every day. De«- pised as a man, despised as an Emperor, Francis Joseph is still blind to the dangers which surround him. By a wanton disregard of the political situa- tion, he has managed to isolate Austria in Europe. JEIis relations with Bussia are cold; he quarrels with Prussia; he is hostile to France, and England for- aakes him. Instead of trying to conciliate the deeply disaffected Hungarians, he has managed to rouse there the Protestants to a religious enthu- fdaam, which now braves prosecution, and seeksThe week is plethoric with newB, and sensations, and complications. Of these; the Pope's encyclical letter fills the largest place. It contains very little that is new (or true, alas !), but is important nothwitatanding, especially in its bearing on French affairs. It is in particular an encouragement to the: Ultramontanes, thanking them so emphati- cally and significantly for their late performances, as to encourage them and the Legitimists to fur-ther political opposition; it makes the cause off' the legitimate princes of the Italian States," and^he integrity of the " legitimate and sacred sove-" reignty that belongs to us and to this Holy See,"those, to wit, of Senator and Imperial Almoner.These he might resign j but they being profitable,and his Eminence being politic, I doubt whether hewill; though, were he logical, he ought. For inthese last days pious booksellers (I say pious book-sellers for the vendors of books of piety, as if oneshould say mournful dry goods men for keepers ofliberals, who opposed violently said doctrine applied to Venetia and the Duchies, approved in this case,cognizes its existence.Some dissatisfaction was manifested at the inser-anxious to find a new pretext for publishing mar- tial law and erecting gibbets. Both the Lutherans And the Catvinists having met, in defiance of thepoliticalrevoltinFrance. IttreatsNapoleonwith -the bestof men, as any onemay read, under a decidedly frigid civility, styling him, indeed, in F AB., in the "New American Cyclopaedia," but one'phrase, " most sereue," and in another, " very this occasional sermon o£>his has, to your ordinarybaldi'sappealtotheSavoyardstoprotestagainstan- nexation has been prevented from getting printed iu Turin. The French argument drawn from thesirethatTuscanyshouldescapethelevelingprocess adopted toward Lombardy by the late Sardinian Ministry, who sacrificed, with no sparing hand, tho whole body of the administrative institutions of the." fore abandoning in any way the cause of God," f* system of policy." The Hungarian deputation which sounds grill,more like cant, considering thatnence. is true, but consequently lacking the grand authorityof Guerronierre's inspired anonymous pamphlets. And here comes in place another of the rumors, to The author, Count du Hauiel, is funny withal,aided in advancing those great principles of civiliza- tion which belong no less to the future than to the past. Should analogous provisions be found to existwas informed that it could not be received by theEmperor, as it was elected by illegal meetings, heldin contravention of the orders of Government; butthat the Emperor has no objection to see Baron Vay,the Chairman, and Baron Pronay, as private persons.TJpon tta* the deputation announced to Count published here in the Univcrs of last Sunday, con-Hechberg that it had dissolved itself, and the trary to a provision of the concordat concluded bytwo Barons respectfully declined the interview with the tirst Napoleon. On Monday, howevor, Govern- their ungracious sovereign. Count Eechberg, ment permitted its publication in all the journals.some sort of a Council, before winch Shall be. laid' "solution," is as follows: Let the Italians maketions would fall to the ground of themselves; other-ly {o4ake etill Uiiger proportions, our beat, safest, anduioet beneficent policy ia that lino of strict duty by ^<wbich this time, last year we migkt have prevented ^war, and by which we may now guarantee the peace of Europe. That line is:""No loreign intervention,but Italy for the Italians."Le Nerd says that on the 30th ult. couriers left Len- in and Paris with identical instructions to ihe repre- sentatives of the two Powtra at Turin, directing them to moke known to tbe Sardii ian Cabinet that the Ital- ian annexation being, in th<* view of the two Govern- ment?, tho only means of solving the question, the-Governments of France and England see no objection to the annexation becoming etfeett accompli. The only difference between tho two Governments relates to the mode of consulting the populations. France holds that it should be by universal suffrage, while ISngland prefers the current elections. As the elections which have already been held have resulted in the call for- annexation, there can be no doubt as to the wish of tho°°l?^7Kncvclical letter .of the Pope was dietributed amon»the?.Jrtrdinal*onthe*J7thult.Garibaldi's marriage with the daur liter ef the Msr- ch'ese Raimondi took place near Conio. on the 2»h Jsuiuary. The General and' his bride had arrived at Milan. ^The report of an intended journey by Count Cavour to Paris and London is contradicted.An affray had occurred at Ancona, between the Papal chasseurs and artillorymen on one oide, and the Swiss and gensdarmes on the other. Three hnnured oi the former were stated to be under arrest, of waom about forty were wounded.,'Though the letter is superscribed, as an Encyclique and vulgar,, abused them in terms unbefitting must be to the patriarchs, primates, bishops, etc., H gentleman, and advised them at once it was really to the address of the. Ex-" Very dear to return to Hungary, since the climate of Vienna son in Christ,!' who answered it briefly in Mondaywas unquestionably unfavorable to their health. morning's Moniteur, thus: " We have decreed andtaken aback by this coldness, became insolentThe deputation departed, disgusted with the exhi- bition of Count Rechberg's vulgarity. But the Em- peror surpassed his Minister, for when he heard" do decree what follows: Art. 1. The Univers news- «aSper is suppressed."epigraph, which is no newer than the question itself. Now for a few personalities. Some weeks ago, Edrnond About wrote an article highly laudatory of~ie report of Minister Billault, preceding and recommending this decree, is the Imperial manifesto declined to have the honor of an interview, he ex- in reply to the Papal manifesto, although he makeBprove thelaeginning of the end—the end of a false,forced union of temporalities and • spiritualities, of the system of musical instruction instituted andand that the year 1860 must finally set at rest the <ruestion of Hungary.Not less important are the affairs of Italy. Theannexation of Central Italy has been decided npondirect opposition to the rights of the State; it aims todomineer o'ver the clergy, to trouble conscience*, toagitate the country, to sap the foundations on which does not troublo him. The larger part of the high lest the relations' of the Uhnrch withthe State. Thia- protectionists seem already to understand that they open war its made npon our most ancient national tra- have been more scared 'than they are to be hurt;• •4i*fc>*jikM**m±***. •*,-. «•,«•dou, and an hnpr* , wtthnrThe HTrngariai- to Vienna for the peror the reetoratii their Church, had 1 percr, axd had qui memorandam, exjIt isdrawn up E the most bomber p wfll, they say. res- detach herseli froithe Austrian Gove everything that ei The Po>r*Pari is directing more t-Hungary.The Qlobe'e PaV It was geners -giaad were about .':nut only to desistinto the Starches < ^tiaa Territory at iad*«airity aa Itsl]The Austro-Sar• . IxMindarv line box "They found thenu vatfjaniatioas of tlwhich the frontl*awas to follow a zt • dercld - it necetsur part*. TheComrJ tern jof compensatJtw» GovernmentsChablais, Faucigny and Genevese should to Bwitzeriand/if the remainder ofTHE WAB IN MOKOOCO, The proceedings in PrH&ment on the let instant wereunimportant. [ But now the very opposition that is arrayedOn the 2d, in the House of Commons, Mr. B. Coch- rane gave notice that on the 17th he should call the at- tention of the House to the state of the relations with China. ,Mr. Disraeli drew attention to the peculiar character VhUk MiJe4 irow Liverpool at 4:30 p. m. on the 4th of recent transactions in the- Duchy of 8avoy, and iatst., arrived here a* 7:30 a- ln. on Saturday. asked whether Government would produce the corres- f pondence which had taken place on the subject of the Hamburg screw st#am*hip Boruasia, Captain annexation ef Savoy to Prance, between the Britishagainst him strengthens him, for it is arrayed against the popular sentiment; it is made up of the ultramontane Priestly faction, the Legitimist faction, a factious few of the Orleanists, and a portion, of the prohibitionists—a piebald coalition in favor of priest- craft and foreign priestcraft, at that of the Count of Chambordand divine right, of the Count of Paris and class privileges, of high prices for the necessaries ofTH013SAKI> H00BS READY FOR TEE FIELD.••T5ae Bcyal Hail ateaaMhip Arabia, CapL Stone,. . .II COMINGwhkh left Hamburg OH the 1st, and and Preach Governments. • '• • • I Hfe, &c. As against such a coalition and for the mo-reason. Ever since tie has been engaged with bril- liant unsuccessmlness m endeavoring to mix oilLord John Russell replied that after oommunkating with the English Embassador at Paris, the Govern- ment had come to the conclusion that it would be in- expedient to produce the papers; but that a conversa- tion had taken place between Lord Cowley and Count "Walewski on the subject, in which the Count had stated that there was no intention on the part of the Emperorof the French to propose any such annexation, and a ] diepatch had been sent to Paris expressing the satisfac* tion with which the British Governmenthad receivedthat assurance.Mr. Wise moved for the appointment of a Commit- tee, yearly, to inquire into the miscellaneous crvil- service expenditure, with a view to check the groat in- crease which is constantly taking place in this branch of the public expenditure.The Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Laing op- posed the motion, ai.d Mr. Bright and others supported *. The resolution was carrieu by a vote of 121 to 93-—_, ^majority against the Government, 28.On the 3d, in the House of Coinmons, Lord JohnRuseell stated, in reply to an inquiry, that Sir Jamee Hudson, the British Minister to Sardinia, had, from his long residence at Turin, an intimate acquaintance with the affairs of Sardinia, and had given his opinion that the establishment of the National Armed Associa- tion would be injurious to the conetitutional interests of the kingdom, and in so doing had, in his (Sir J. Russell's), opinion, aoted with perfect propriety.Sir C. Wood stated that the anount of prize money for distribution among the troope engaged "atLucknow was £142,000.>n eariy in the morning on the 5th inst., ar- Hred at this port about 8 o'clock Saturday evening. Owriieeby the Borussi*. are not of later date than ti»«e by the Arabia.The Hungarian, freinPortiand, arrived at Liverpool **.ik40*.m*. entheSdrost. The New-York arrived i f Sovthampten ear ths afternoon of the same day; and Aw Vig© reached Qaeenatown on the morning of the-3d, and Livvrpoel the 4th. The Vigo takes the place of A * Glasgow, and ifcaM sail for New-York on the &h M k The Europa, from Boston, arrived ai Qoeens-awwn about noon on the to ine?-.'•TEE STATE OF EUKOPE. jt-vOinC«m«p«d«>tLONDON, Friday, Feb. 3, i860."Within the last few days events on the Can-teen t have taken a new turn. The Austrian Em-nire is on the eve of a revolution, and the obstinate•tepidity of Francis Joseph leads him every daynearer to the abyss. Even the conservatives ofBnghrad,who have believed, that Austria is necessaryfar the maintenance of the balance ef power,now findthat the Empire is " more costly to support than•*•dangerous when broken up." Such is the om- Tnngjers from recent charges made against him ofagrarian Ernst Moritz Arndt, and the' famous singerJ having assisted the Moors in their war with the Span- bous judgment passed by The London limes upon iards, and asserted that he had pursued a Btrictly neu- her )ate friend, in one of those masterly leading tral policy. His Lorcebip also eaid, in response to an inquiry by Mr. Eingl&ke, that Government had no reason to suppose thai "warlike preparations were go- ing forward on an extraordinary scale in France; The Governmenthad earnestly endeavored to prevent atral Italy will be subordinate to the result of universalarticles which find an echo all over Europe, and seal the fate of great European questions.say,, to prevent misapprehension, that not one of the liberal journals of Paris is illogical enough to rejoice over the suppression Of their late ablest enemy. It is reported that Louis Veuillot,: its editor-in-chief, and certain of his staff, will remove to Brussels and revive the Unicers there. Beforecommander of the French garrison, issued an order of the day declaring that he must prevent any more such demonstrations, and requested, it is said, that the arrested demonstrators be released.aepeintment be indeed promised reforms; he dis- miased Count Qrtinne from the palace, and Baron Bach from the Ministry; he talked of economy, and 1ST. Buhner, the new Minister, found it necessaryThe Hanover cotton mills, at Manchester, had been open stage for a now Luther or Calvin to play a £30,0005*terBng, and was mostly covered by insur- tholicism right away, is too1 insane to be reasonedIt was expected that the Ministry of Public Works, vacant by the death of Mr. Piteroy, woald soon be- to study the demands and. aspirations of the cenferred upon Mr. William Cowper, at present Vice-relative and friend, the Marquis of Pepoh, is the i The Government of Tuscany has at last followed! Minister of Finan«e) and of Tuscany are guaranteedby Piedmont; to the assimilation of civil code and ; the example set some time since by the brave and customs laws and legal forms, is now added, with zealous Dictator of the Emilian provinces, the^ *'laanganans. , A few weeks, however, weremfficient to set all hopes of reform at naught.Admiral Rauscher, the late tutor of the Emperor*explained to him that concessions lead always to | ury of the Pope. revolutions. Mr. Hnhner was soon dasmiseed, andLord John Russell defended the British Consul atpression of the Univers, though as much a violation was the other day a grand popular demonstration of the principle of liberty as would be the suppres- against the address of a portion of the Roman no- sion of the .SiecZc, does inspire a certain malicious blesse sympathizing with the policy of the Pope. plcasiire, and something like an approval of the It expressed itself by such cries as Viva Napo- suppression by many so-called liberals. Poor human leons ! Viva ViUore EmmanueU I 'Ahbasso Anto- naturals, tfiey cannot help it. They cannot help nelli! uttered by thousands of Romans. This oc- remembering, either, that no newspaper in France curred January 22. A few arrests were made by so applauded the organic law on the press as this the Roman police. The next day, Gen. Goyon, same Univers, now done to death by it. I shouldmanufacturers against the Emperor's commercial reform.The Patrie pronounces tbe etatement of an approach-ing departure of the French troope from Rome com-pletely falee. The same journal also| says: " I t ap-pears certain that the question of annexation of Cen-When, after the battle of Solferino, Napoleon gave at ViBafranca a respite to Francis Joseph, Austria kail still one precious chance for her salvation. Her armies had been defeated, her finances weremined, Lombardy lost, and Hungary disaffected; W a liberal, straightforward policy like t h a t of Stein and Hardenbcrg in Prussia after the fetal campaign of 1807, when the rich inheritance of yrederic II. was diminished "by two thirds, mighthave achieved wonders. But Francis Joseph threwIbis chance away. In the first moment of dis- destroyed by fire. The loss was estimated at. about part on, and that Italy is to renounce Roman Ca-are addicted to a ally loyal to thoto expend all th< exacting house, great source ofmany armies.' . conditions. HID free institutions; Protestant. FnThedifjicnlty ia ILj He, likeFra tenant and a f bejen assailed s. aicuaed, and he - priests aa a simp mass. Hero, :na ing in the same j to her tree ihatit has seen tbem pi arder a tyranny ask to speak hex ties. Hungary aad her Proteeta compromising cltolennce is a cT now finds itself this young Em' cult portion of. as was once be: " chastised you " with seorpioz tions which ii&i made even pet He ha* not onh wet, but he hasleanisg toward Hubcerwascis £ary;the Arca< recommended c duke Stephen h that country I Which bis inat! inflict. So ae t Protestants til shame and gym pestponing thai tetters which v tell that this inl-inereasing rapi the Protestant* a#kfor the rte old State recoj Hungary;" to which presoritto induce the 1 I t appears thi highest raxk, Emperor, acd from Vienna againtoHUDJ: their stay in / insultaddre«e<.exouring far i which the proj this country.Thus, inctei Austria, she hi d-fficulty. IV reign silent toygariaaa are un burgh. The I areas anxious vantage of ai tions against i sands of poun jeci. Count 2 party, tells th< to her ancient tion of free in all assuming.( tie ProteMunt persecution:etinacy and bi people who o prop of his Hi me exhibition set his aacboriItisonlytoa can wry npon its Qtxaust nee bom may dees «opport than c Empire, lawlj the brink of r Italy !» gone;Venetia i» ard tho Mm cccas Setvva are ret of this stands Condordat, a every act. pe-of the Hsu* upon polities acme casual'; A Madrid t '* Testerda the right vrii . repulsed. T Moorish liae- their poeiuoithe fight. losses to the, The Spaui*l The brotmafocrs."Advices . are'totho.23 seeeicn or th.O'Donnelia city. Se>ei wounded so!A 6th co to be comnn The Suit otfered a re> OOer brvu^-arenewal of hostilities now that tbe Congroas was not likely to meet, and had received the most satisfactory assurances from all the persons interested. The ratifi-The French protection of the Pope is " a s broad " as it is long," very nearly. It protects him against the Austrian8, and the Neapolitans, and the Span-cation of the new cemmercial treaty wonid be ex- passing from this branch of my subject, I should changed at Paris on the 4th by Lard Cowley, and Mr. Bay that the extravagant comments in some of theiards, and himself, but does not and will not extend der to support the counsels of moderation which Na- tion: When the pamphlet of La Gturroniere set- protection for him to the Marches and Umbria, poleon had instructed him to submit lo Count Cavour. tled at once for the moment the " vexata que&tro" a* which are in pressing need of it That part of pro- Tbe Paris correspondent of The Lpitdon Pott tele- to whether the Congress were to step in and tell us .Cobden.It bad been arranged that Qneen Victoria should, onEnglish papers on Billault's report excite the ridi- cule they merit among those here to whose attentiongraphs that the French Government | has decided on how everything was to be made square and comfort- tection is left to circumstances, and to Cavour, and very considerably reducing the amount of thearniy, able, the King, giving way to his religious ardorto his ministerial colleague, Fanti, who cumulates and that the policy of the Empire tends more than and virtuous indignation, joined in the crusade of"the 17th of March, grant a special and exclusive recep-tion to She officers of the numerous corpti of volunteer they have been brought. The notion set forth by a riflemen. writer in The Morning Post that France is now anwith his administration of the Piedmontese Depart- ment of War, the Command-in-Chief of- the troops of Central Italy, those of the Romagna in- cluded. Central Italy is virtually iannexed to Pied- mont, militarily, civilly, politically, and pecuniarily. The loans of the Governments of Emilia (Napoleon'sever toward peace.JTALY.» •• •' from Onx Own C*nDependent.. FLORENCE, Jan. 25, 1860Rome and Austria, and united in the protest that was dispatched, to Paris. Then arose the distant grumbling of that artillery not altogether unknown'to the Cullens, Veuillots, and other partisans of Ultramontanism, cast by an unlucky fate upon a generation eight centuries, too late to appreciate their merits. Unable to check the episcopal thun- der without incurring the odium of the clerical fac- tion and. the disapprobation of the King, and tookeen-sighted not to seethe; direction affairs would take if a rupture with France ensued, Filangieri began to take thought for the morrow. But there is an additional and even stronger reason for hisresignation, if there be any truth in a report winch is pretty generally current here and at Rome, that a treaty exists between the Pontifical Court and that of Naples, whereby the latter has consented to furnish the Pope with a body of troops to replace those which the Emperor, yielding to the request of the Pope—-very easy of interpretation on this suppo- sition—has consented to recall.'This explanation of the resignation of Filangieri is also reconcilable with the choice of the MuiieterS who are said to be about to succeed him. The names of Troja andMurena need no apologist wher-. ever bigotry and political pandarism usurp the place of patriotism and independent thought It is now that the Government of Naples, ever friendly to a benighted and despotic absolutism, identifies itself with the sinking cause of the temporal power and the most ultra absolutist principles. The possible solution may bo that the Pope may succeedance. There was a largo stock of cotton on the prem ises, and it was all destroyed.upon. The outside limit 'of rational hope barely includes a sincere^ rigorous support of the revived! liberties of the Gallican Church by Louis Napoleon.The Morning Post should have completed its article by declaring on " good authority" that Elder Spur- i geon has been invited to bed and board at theTuiicr-iPiesident oi the Board of Trade.Archbishop Cullen is said to have issued pastoral let-rters authorizing a collection to be made in Ireland on \ the firet Sunday in Lent in aid of the exhausted treas-W| TJ^!L^i2S&TMi!teS?Sprovision for present practical application in EmiliamThe London Fost eajs that the- treaties of Villa- ern Powers have formally determined that no armedApril at Turin. To complete, and, so to speak, legiti-one common eau»e. In general, it Is a manifestoaganst Louis Napoleon, and in favor of Legitimacy. nota "little lower than the angels," but as nest doorhas been uttered by authority at Turin, and that theprohibition to the Nicene journals,'issued by theGovernor of Nice, to discuss or to quote from for-eign journals tho discussion of the question of annex-ation to France, is not strictly heeded; that Gari- ered that the clause was dictated by the natural de-•martyrdom. His decree for the organization of theProtegtant churches was unanimously rejected byThe Protestants of Hungary ; still he in son ething quite like an appeal to religious war and thing close on to worship. Father Faber is one of •lists upon enforcing it, and seems to bebut one to the Highest Person, and like him, an Thi i is direct. By inference and allusion, it is object not of respect, but of "devotion," of some-the Pope's life is in no danger, and that the " caus# of God" in question is common with the cause of that wretched little Duke of Modcna.for approval tho proposition of elevating the politicaldoctiiuo of the • integrity of the Pope's temporal Caneia of the Turks; offer it to Austria iu exchange whether they should be entirely abolished or ex-Tbe Pope's letter is dated January 19. It waselaimB to the grade of Church dogma. Of the probability of this rumor 1 have no better means of judging than any of your readers. The realization of it would be in the strictest logical accord with the theory maintained by the late Univers, and by all tho thoroughgoing French Ultramontagnards. To judge from their late' perlbrmauces, from such signs as Father Faber's sermon, and from the last encyclicalietter, that party (and their leader Anto- nelli) are ready to drive poor old Pio Nono to themost desperate courses. Q?/os Dens vitlt perdcrc demeniat- prills. 8o much the.better, if it shallfor Venetia, and they may take T.X.'s opinion for it tended and rendered general for tho public ad- that Austria will jump at the bargain! vantage. '.(.'•The concierge brought; up a little while ago Mr. I hear on very good authority that the Govern- O'Sullivan'spamphlet " L a Question de la Papaute ment is at present employed in the consideration of "envisagee sous un point de vne par un Diplomate some'changes that are to bo introduced by the "American;" the epigraph is "My kingdom is not Minister Salvagnoli in the ecclesiastical jurisdiction " of thin world." So far as I can judge, from a of Tuscany, and which will result iu the publication hasty, glance at its pages, it treats the question vory of the three following'decrees: First. A eoimniw- cleverly from the poi1.1 of view indicated by his sion will be appointed to draw up a report on tho-at Paris, London, and Turin, and the form of it ditions. The true interests of the Church, as well as like that curlier weaver, the manufacturers'"alreadywill be the admission of the representatives of of vhe peace of society, demand that an eud should be begiu to aggravate their voices, and roar more gently. put to th**e ©notsees. A Government founded on theP»rma, Modcna, the Eomagna, and Tuscany to the national will does not fear discussion, but it ought to They are getting to comprehend, what was plain a . *Sardo-Lombard Parliament, which is to meet in protect public ord«r, the independence of the State, and a distaff to a disinterested spectator* that the Em-March, unless war should break out at an earlier day. the authority .and dignity of religion, against thot*e who peror's politaeo-ecotiomioal changes are to be grad- AustriaissendingtroopstoTenetiaandvolunteers wouldcifcturborcompromisethem.Thedoctrines uallyintroduced,andeven'whencompleted,are to the Papai States; Garibaldi, who has*just mar- and pretensions whichtniBjournal woold reviveamong to stop a long way this side of/free-trade. Their ried a Lombard lady of rank, is buying arms, and us are not new; the olB. French, monarchy alwayt ener* purpose, if they really ever had one, of stopping has already equipped 15,000 volunteers, beside those geticaUy combated them [especially Louis XIV,, yeThe Mazzini party waa wiid .to be active at Rome, goes fo About's apartment, in company with two subject of connecting the two States by a railroad: Gou. Goyon had taken measures for preventing anywho are enlisted in the Sardinian and CentralItalian army, now about 120,000 men strong; the powerfully aJdtd them in the Htruggle [Bossuet, forcreating erneutes, is abandoned for two cogent rea-factious Legitimist!; great bishops have sometimes mills, throwing thousands out of employ, and so'AUSEBIA.•—i*iwill not show himself less solicitous than bis predeces- sors in enforcing respect for the principles consecrated by our national traditions,* ' ; > ; ' isiThis looks like raising again the standard of the Gallican Church. A majority of the inferior clergy, if not a numerical majority even of, the Bishops, willjoin it, or at worst stand timidly neutral; for it should be observed that the Ultramontane Bishops have of late made a noise disproportionate to thenumber of their voices—that more than half of the eighty French Bishops a?id nine-tenths of the inferior clergy have not spoken on the Roman ques-Eternal City; but then, in presence of the head o , Rudioj the accomplice of Orsini,! escaped from tha Church, his imagination domiueered over hn Cayenne, only to die in Brazil—so, reports fromthat country state. Noble old patriot poet, non-ment, Louis Napoleon is the leader of the great na-tional host, on whose banners are inscribed, " T h e and water—the, largest sort of liberty and the and actress, Schroeder Bevrient, arp among Ger- Principles of '89;" the glorious military victories of largest supremacy of the Church—the completes; many's recent losses. A German newspaper fur- the first republic and the two empires, the high political freedom and the completest religious au nishes also the following said contribution to the place France holds to-day among European States,, thority. And so he sat for a while in his white necrology of the time: " Mr. Herman, Consul atIf it be true thai -men tho author of whom, be wishes tpiter has «.OBM» ev! efAnatria. Alt tl dynasty are now No sovereign canweak. Magen.'A t bio disgrace upon: have made man if*-with France, AuS about a second-rat Irian financial crwtriaispeor. W« *£eroaelook* an perofr. who hashijaseif in the ci _ •have madetheir t It ia a moment wl• l»ve altowedja n up. FrancisJoi>e; to the occasion. aquare tower ape fitmon mu«t have force upon which plick cocdidence"believe it to be ii thus rudely press- It was shared b«cdHurigarv km 4nd it-is loudly a equal*, and,twh; apon. England, upon Francis Joe dom ia in danger Under these c seems to combine ; .CharieeL and a If there be anyt in tbe fortunes o energetic" awista very difficult toJ, .selves to betiw"material prosperity,"'" universal suffrage," cheap victuals and clothing, and other more or less glitter- ing generalities.Dominican frock among the Red Republicans of Tripoli, has just informed the family of Dr. VogelIt is unnecessary, howeverj to cross the channel and Tuseiny, the; Piedmontese law of election form. *•Cardinal-Archbishop Morlot his resignation, to*f *n equestrian amphitheater. The fair damsel intervention shall take place in Italy unless previously Louis Napoleon in present circumstances (sup- ecution of it is thought to connect closely with cer- mulgated the statute of Sardinia and the electoralfa: Mi*mMflia Beuz,. the daughter of the managersanctioned by the unanimous approval of all the great had long beibre attracted the attentions of the Em- European powers.tain other complexities of the Italian question.posing that they "'aggravate" him never so Of these, the one that has fastest grown withinlaw of Piedmont of the 20ta Nov., 1859. * This act of promulgation may be regarded asPARIS, Feb. 2, 1860. . that rumour. Morlot enjoys two fat, easy oftieed,free from Alps to Adriatic, than most folks thought cany to form part of a strong constitutional king- it probable, and most French folks additionally dom under the scepter of Victor Emanuel. It is athought it right, that it would close with adjunc-tion of Savoy and Nice to France—so far as France direct manifestation of the desire of Central Italy toend the present abnormal state presented by a Gov-and Piedmont were concerned, a fair enough bar- ernment reigning and issuing its decrees in the gain. Freuch Liberals, advocates of the doctrine ofnationalities, approved from principle; French il- name^of a Monarch, who at best but partially re-other members of the bar) expose in their shop windows an occasional sermon by the dis- tinguished. Father Faber, recently delivered by that eminent preacher in England, in the which the so-called temporal rights of the Pope are repre- sented as sacred, and the Pope himself (temporality and spirituality indissohibly combined), as a beingto Victor Emanuel. Now, at present there is great declared that the statute would be put in force succeed in losing what, under other circumstance*,rcader, Catholic • or Protestant, a twang of blas- doctrine of nationalities and of. natural frontiers isprohibition of the Austrian authorities, in Conven- " that same Emperor" whom " we did hot fail to phemy. With this printed edition of the seraon strong enough in its way; but more significant than country, without considering whether some of themgreat;" but then again speaks of him, for short, astion, resolved unanimously to try a last step, and goes an assortment of devotional elop-goods, so to aent a deputation to Vienna to lay their petition for " remind that he addressed us a very different letter speak, or forty ready-made prayers, whoso verbalion, the instinct, rather, of the French, is fast set- oi suffered to remain as the effsprmg and develop- tling down to the conclusion that Savoy is, some- ment of the genius of Lombard civilization Thetherefore, agreed that the; States of Central Italy. shall dispose of themeelves. FreBh elections are to be held, and the assemblies resulting from popular choice are iiee to decree the annexation of their consti- tuents to tho Sardinian kingdom. Tbe French troops are to be withdrawn from northern Italy and from Rome at an early opportunity. It is no secret that Austria* having regard to the Western Alliance, and her own eerious dilhcaltieu, has given up all hope of retrieving her position and influence' in Italy, and not enly sheaths her sword, but puts it aside. An attempt will be made to induce her to grant reforms in Vene- tia, of which she i« still left j m)8trc3«. The Post adds that tho Btubborness of the pope bids fair to deprive him of the whole of his temporalities. Naples groans under a heavier tyranny than ever, and tho cries of Venice are }oud enough to strike our ears, however weIt contains, of course, the usual talk about the " bitUrrnesses," " griefs," " trials," "sufferings," etc., of the Pope's heart and soul, which soundslike cant, considering that Maria di Mastai F^rretti enjoys about as good health as is the lot of other gentlemen in their sixty-eighth year. It also de- clares the Pope's readiness " to suffer yet harder" and bitterer trials, and even to lose his life, be-Morlot holding from the Pope, may seem natural, if not.wise; but by Senator Morlot holding from Napoleon, and having taken the following oath:" 1 swear obedience to the Constitution and fidelity to the Emperor," it seems otherwise—not that iuof he Papc ct le Congrks was current for some days, heralding a third pamphlet on the Italian Question, of which Venetia was to be the theme. Dny before yesterday there was indeed published'a pamphlet, about- Italy, with this title: Venise, complement de lations aB the price of the promulgation of the statutes, or in any way anticipating the supreme jurisdiction of the National Parliament. Its only desire was to avoid the responsibility of virtually abolishing laws sanctioned by tho Tuscan statute, and which have reference to freedom of commerce, the question ofthe mountain in the Constituent Assembly of 1848. His sermons are to classical French pulpit oratory, what Victor Hugo's poems and dramas, or Michelet's histories, are t> classical French literature. - 'that this unfortunate traveler was assassinatedHeA Republican, one of my friends, whose politicalardor has not been cooled by six months imprison-ment, and other serious misfortunes that have be-fallen him since, and in consequence of the coup ' of Italy. Discontent rises even higher and higher continued to attract attention. The Paris Pairic &&tat, said to me yesterday that his great presentBut to return to politics and Napoleon, by way'"The question of the-annexation of Savoy to Francein those parts of the Papal States adjoining the Ro- eharges the Sardinian Government with doing all ix its power to thwart tbe almost unanimous wish of thefear was that Napoleon would be assassinatedby some modern Ravailiac. I cannot think hisMajesty runs any great risk of that sort, he being,as has been more than once set forth in this corre-spondence, the most difficult man to lull in allFrance—though his chances, may be something theworse now, since, as history generally, and thehistory of French political assassinations particu-larly, shows a religious madman is more dangerous nees the danger of such a bungle. At Rome itself,than an undevout madman. But I cited my friend's the only part of the Papal States for whose tran-remark as a little sign of the times. Again, the sup- j quillity Napoleon holds himself answerable,^ there and Btrouglj-wojded protcets from various classes ofmagna. Antonelli h doing his best worst to in- inhabitants of Savoy to be annexed to prance, and de- crease it; among other things, constantly enlisting mands that the people of Savoy be accorded the sameAustrian recruits, who come in by way of Ancona, liberty to declare their opinions as is claimed for thethat monaich seemingly were not. England and France are " representing" to his Royal Stupid-Courts. -' J . ' , I r L. ., Rumors were current that the Chalons Camp wouldConstitution granted by Charles Albert—the only in search of extravagances." The" home production members of the Parliament to meet in March or one that survived the wreck of Italian hopes in"with the reserve of those peculiar institutions uel, or Cavour, who comes to more than the same " which increase the advantages to be derived from thing, has no objection at all to swap off Savoy and "it, by preserving the benefits of the free traditionsshe might yet have retained.reason to suspect, if not believe, that Victor Eman-Emperor is not very assiduous in his visits to thePalais Royal; for why, they say, the old man both-ered him too much with importunate demands of fa- je*ty of the priesthood and the dignity of a civilised vors for! himself and his son, Prince-Napoleon. people—considering that the working' portion of the The Emperor, prudently rejecting [some of these clergy, who identify themselves with the sorrows one day] they say, that invalid Jerome broke out and wants of the people, merit the solicitude of a free, testily, with "You have nothing of your uncle but national government, the right of tithes and of abas "his name; "to which the Emperor, with mild Dutch which the ministers of religion employ by right of cu»- phlegm: " Pardon, I have something else of my un- tom or law, at certain tunes or places, is abolished.Those prietts who have the care of souls, and whoee - benefices do not produce an annual return of 800 lire (120 dollars), can apply to the Government and obtainsubsidy to the amount of the above-named sum." All this will show the determination whieh exist* on all sides to presents firm! unconrpremising frontin this struggle with the Papacy. This is the devel- opment of the system inaugurated by Sardinia in 1855, when the suppression of the religious corpora- tions was decreed, and the lands were sold to aug- ment the stipends of the saine body, viz: tbe rustic clergy, up to that moment sunk in the greatest pov- erty. What happened then will happen now. All the resources of the beneficed hierarchy will be brought to hear against their poorer brethren. The question will be fiercely combatted by the retro- grade press, but the country is far too ranch in ear>- nest to waste precious time in the perusal of peti- ' tions and remonstrances, or in giving ear to those bishops who are yielding to-'what RicasoJi happily termed " an. infelicitous desire for martyrdom,^ by fomenting treason and disunion, and offering up- public prayers for a dynasty that a long-suffering country haB at leBgfh ejected and abjured.Monday's telegraph brought us an unlooked-for piece of intelligence—a ministerial crisis at Naples. Now. this is a phenomenon which, rare in any abso- lute government, is in none more rare than at Na- ples. It was the fixed policy of the late monarch to retain existing ministries in office till death'or a- revolution solved the question of their dismissal. I t is said that he explained this policy by adducing the time-honored proverb of the fat and the leanmg—-a meet and becoming apothegm for the saintly Bomba. In thip respect, however, the reigning monarch hassuffrage. All the Powers are agreed]as to the propri- deviated from the footsteps 'of his sire, in which he ety of that measure, the early application of which has so religiously followed in other matters, and thewill positively make known the state of public opinion last few months have witnessed the rise and fall of in Italy." " -1 „ ' four successive ministries. 'Now in tbe absence ofThe Paris Bourse, on the 3d, was J fluctuating, but almost all reliable information from Naples, a wide the tone was generally buoyant, and rentes advanced field is left open for conjecture; and certain occur- to 67.86, at which they closed with a firm feeling. rences at Rome, when viewed in connection withThe French Government had ordered the Prince the men who are leaving and assuming office, lend atLatour d'Auvergne to prolong his stay at Turin for least a color of probability to the following explana- some time after toe arrival of Baron Talleyrand, in or-immediately after his entrance into the Wady. had his information from the Saltan of Bornou."soon be recBtablJidied. |The French journals continued to publish numerousThe London Morning Post (which has the credit of Nice against Central Italy and Venetia. It is worth "of the country." By these words it appeared being the organ of Lord Palmerston), has a conspicuousnoticing here that no word against such annexation that the Government was desirous, in some sort, ofmodifying the Constitution, of Sardinia and render- ing the union of Tuscany -with the Kingdom of Northern Italy less full and unconditional than was implied in the vote of annexation. Others consid-editorial upon the policy of England and France in the Italian question. It ssys:" We announced at the beginning of the year that a virtual alliance had been effected between England and France for the settlement of Italian affairs. We exprewdy stated that the two Governments bound them— elvesbynotreaty,butthattheiragreementwasthere- sult of the force of circumstances, and the dictation of public opinion. This allianoer-evory day •drawn cloter—already begins to produce evident and tangible conEcquenccs. It is now tormally determined that no intervention shall take place in. Italy, and that theargument is the patent fact that the national opin- might not be advantageously adopted by Piedmont, people shall be left to their own devices. It is,tion as official: The Government, by the reserve A rumor like that which preceded the appearance . in question, had no intention of naming any condi-the matter of swearing and "sticking to. it. his Question Italienne. But alas! it is signed. Signed,Majesty has any lair right to throw stones at liis Emi- by a Government member of the Legislative Body, it mortmain, and 'other legislative acts, whieh havethe effect that AntoKclli is pushing the Pope to call which the anonymous author is not. His, H.'s in the general laws of tiie Kingdom, these, reserva- may uhut them. The Italian question, then, being like-example, ve Dupanloup and company^- Yoar MajestytheJDukes of Mcdena and Tuscany are organizing Pope, in tb<: other paper, means Antonelli and the rtKj them liable to the severe penalties of a French law About that Vaudin was a gentleman, after all. the Minister Salvagnoli, to undo a work as uncon-letters from Austria speak of increasing discontent in Hungary; mid indicate that matters were dairv get-Venetians are emigrating to Lombardy; others in- [an Billault sign?, it muet road in the second person- fits, which, for the present, at least, are unaffectedNeapolitan, where he finds About and spits in hia proverbial—but without success. It was reservedface. This nltinui ratio seems to have convinced torn man, a singular union of caution and daring, ting more serious. It was reported tliat Koe*Oth hadsult the Austrian under the mouth of the cannon; means, of coorse, I, Napoleon; iw, per contra, J, the by the Imperial plan. .Secondly, it would renderup a puree by general subscription; buy the Isle ofwise it would be the task of Parliament to decidecondition of the revenues of the various ecclesiasti- cal corporations of Tuscany, preliminary to tho in- troduction of a-bill for a more just distribution of the wealth of the Church, and the augmentation of the stipends of the rural clergy. The second will create ah annual endowment of 40,000 lire (aboutMeantime, and awaiting the interior reform, Na Vaudin, who is not a moral snow-drop for purity cordat" is interesting, as illustrating the usual cou-nor a pink of social propriety.' Vaudin, reading tho ductoi'that pet sample of the paternal system. which feuHleton, JUM. #), goes to the Cafe* Riche, The late Grand Duke Leopold—having deter- lying in wait there lor About, whose coffee, tie as- mined after his restoration to enter into sured a friend, he.purposed to stir up with the end more intimate relations with tho Papal Court- of his cane. This elegant expression of Vaudin'a he sent his Prime Minister Baldusseroni to views was prevented by About's non-appearance Roine. It was publicly announced that tho object that evening at the'Caii'Riche. Jan. 21, Vaudin of this mission was to confer with the Pope on thepoleon has the immense advantage over the madRomanists, of keeping-perfectly cool. The coalitionUntitled Document" Considering that the poverty in which so many of the parochial clergy are sunk is offensive to the ma-An address from the town of Perugia, contaimnjjr GOysignatures,uUiMol^a^dOtag;thoseotmanyperson*^ note, had •)een uent to the l-Jmperor Napoleon.suddenly disappeared from among his friend* » Lott- www.fultonhistory.com 