 *>**1a*ruhtob tteoaat- etod tort ofi, cm t a o it heats,the la** i'sietiea,' a tta * the Miv>r oftb*0, Brett «<n tan,•oa K*W-llg BOOftbO ew Yerfc<»/ to> 4,>r*d.Th*,ry.-r rtabafSCOT.'Vp*CU OKBut el5, ! « • revivedr * withI,MOed», prooa->, lid*.Igtr'S OW>t*y.<lMf ' thebuthV1*frog S M I andst h*t%j«rome aSaafarte wai the last aad youagwt brotherdescendants of Miss Patterson since tbe Judgment was de termined, thought it right to prove that be did not con sider them as ever belonging to bio family cssaV."From tho tenor of these several notes it appears that there is little prospect of the claims of the Ameri can Bonaparte* being acknowledged by Mm present dynasty. Tbe Prince Napoleon, who occupie-. the position to which M. Jorome Bonaparte considers him self entitled. Is, by th* death ef his father Jerome, ex King of Westphalia, but the second remove from the 1mi>eriat throne of Franc*. i*A, 4the call for a State Convent ion in advance of any ratifica- was probably owing to this that tbe mistake referred to member of tbe Imperial family; and on the formation of tion meetings by the friends of Breckinridge and Lane, before seamed to have its foundation in truth. But the the present government he made pasUcularly strenuous Archbishop does not pretend that this a legitimate ex-or John and Eliza Boyee, aged 4 years aad 12 days.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfully NINE DOIXAR RRWIN' MA<'B1NRM.-THEa3downtotheGovernor'splace. Weleftherecboutfive of the Church, for dtjnelr- serves to herself the right of appealing thus, a a l be- o'clock this afternoon, aad though the d».y was ex-druggam.fDAVIS"—Bxm.—In tjbiacity, onThtmday, Jol/5, by DLASBBBA Rev. J 0, Roger*. CtOBGE Q. DAVIS to MAST J. BEEBX,both of this city.i II • «^»^i—m^—MfcA—m At Uijseason of tae year4sailed lntbeinvited to attend tbe funeral to Greenwood this (Friday) cliCapest in the mxrkct. ail and exam.u>- C I Broad- efforts to efiect thia object, but without success. Baoeutly, whk-h would be calculated to excite resistance und lead to cuse. He should have made himself certain of the truth afternoon, at four o'clock, from the residence of his way) corner (saa! street-ar.Cor*#TM • *r*ti—*S 1* 1Od•tr.SiTbe relatives and friends of the family are invited to fectualry purines dw*Uiags of lnslastasf roaches. Ailonsi attend the funeral this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, in mediein* hav* it. Sold by all drojEghsa.•late years several attempts have been made by her , M. Jerome Napoleon, to establish his claim as aVKRMIN IIKfrrKOTKB. Extenninatea ratsam!mkr.i.^-h.-.,waterbun**« garden m«eet«. Prim ipal U'p<X, 612 Broadway. Sold by siwataoaa.ar.1'•f-tfclto I*ismTr11* OMTtll dUigiIfM"fPrjh.Tli :-rHi•»»cii^i!itioau. A .•.. Jettopersist inL..-opposition to the wi"of^tKa^tJrLVc: ^ !U-w:U ^ •inmost wIBCut&rrbgeforther^*twalread> expU'uedItsppears h..*ever. tl.i.t the parte* most iuierestcd r t ,Uli,,lverymaU'iialljtheinconvenienceswhichwouldotb?r- wiseresulttoug. Abottsixmilesfrom thecityween- tered by a plain wooden gate, and proceeded la the direr; DonoftheGovernor'sbousealongastraightavenue. linedoneiihersidewithacropofthemostpromisiag.andevidentlytlebe-tcultivated,cornandoatomtbecountry. Weeticounlevedsame160acresoftheformer,aadahou. 120acres ofthelatt-r. allcultivated under bisownF.*ll«eZntjeUlgins\'t;r - am ittwr»o.,|<,cK'treB» Bmre»il-«oeefMThtDtatnafJarosnjaBOMfail*, Es-Kimg of U r»fphalla—Ttir VmrritkB Urtnthof Hunapartrt-Thtlr*laimto I.egltiE!2^.* «thfl-^"UWJa*loiLr'.ra-kuowkdg- rj.,i=toflheirmarring-byihe.Fren-4gmcnmnnf. fw nemarriagecontractitse;;contains thofollowingpert*4*werereturningfromafi«4on.Tarsdayevening,two rani?!*,namedJunesMu.'?ig*n.livingatli»TWestSe vewteentbstreet.andJohnCitr>,Irving.ata*,totinthe -jmesireeltottaloaditQcujtya!tbecOinerofr>Kdh wen eaadEigkteesthstreet^,dotingWhichMuhirauhvfl» Washifgloci ««*t. rcicr .f Cbarlas lyr.,j»,_-(%Wed.e*)ayiver:.^*J-;>*iJAWKSl:,uut,lae4fr\m to a plaoa la the Lhe of auccteajoo, we give la oar enlumas to day a more exUaUed sketch of the life of theof August, 18*7, he married the rYmaaas Frederics Catherine, .laughter of the King of Wurtemberg. and a few days afterwardr, in the twentysecond year of his age, h e w a s proclaimed King of Westphalia. Though boyhm in many o f h i s actions, and Indulging in frivoli- ties unbecoming a king, such as paying at leap frog with hit courtiers, and other equally undignified teati, hi court was never di-grated b y immoralities unbecoming aWhen the moment came for the young hint to deliver his . addrtts before the Council of State, one of his ministers put into bis. hands a speech prepared in the usualway; but when he rose to bis feet be laid the prepared speech upon the Council table and delivered what he had to aay with a grace and fluency that surprised all who heard him. His treasury was empty, bat he borrowed two millions of francs from a banker, aad with thia commenced to rotate the wheels o ' government. A few days after a deputa- tion of Israelites to Westphalia asked for an audience,tion and succession belonging to • memtjer of the Imperial family. This judgment was aaotleaed b y tbe Km- peror, and when l*r»co Napoleen submitted to him tbe note detailing his decision of tba above stated a c t he ap- pended to it tbe following >-Bsaasx COSSTV. CLASS 159. Jtar 5. IStB44. 47. 75, 63, 18, 26, Jl, Go, U , » . 40, 3. t'-ORsoLWAYE* Lorssav, Onam I n , Jtn T i, t3tu.tl, 20, 48, 80. W . 54, 52. 18, 72. 9, IS. &*. FBAKCS, BBOADBKN1S A CO.,Managers, WVtaeiagioa, Delaware. Drawiags of flodgcs, DavisCO •8 Consolidated lotteries Of rteortia:- Cuuant,Jtnvt,latu.6, 42, 46, 16724, 6, 75, 45. 67, K», 7, 47. Ciam SB,'<fvur 3.18th. 19,46.78,52.4,30.49,6.53,60,H. 35,73.1attoeBroadway. Circularssealfree. HODGES, DAVIS A CO.,1decessrd ibaa are are la the hahitoftoatog a s oeeasioas of «a ordinary character. Ilwll^helhoad tateresting also as apart of the record of <he«- itoried page'' with which rftrj American should M tuslbar.,On seeing the carriage approach he hurried towards it, "His Majesty tbe Emperor, by kia conduct towards th and recognizing your correspondent, bs received b aJemae,e^Kiagof WeMyha'.la.th^ eighth and hut, laWW.to interfere w i n the exercise of tin religious worship of any man. Every subject ought to he as free to observe the rules of bis faith as the King himself. ItIn all sudden auaeksof siekue»*. in 'BIT.IOUS OHOhHl, and all disorders of the bowels, lagled in the best society.Iu 1S0G. on the ajlth of T^cember, being then in histwentieth year, ne was marriot, after a ahor courtship, U> Mist ilizabeti Patterson, a young lady of Baltimore. The marriage ceremony w a s performed b y the Rt. Rev. John Carrol, Bishop of Baltimore, and brother of Charles Carrol, of Carrolton, the last signer of the Declaration of Imdependenee—agreeably to the rites of the Roman Catholic Church and the laws of the United States. The ceremony was preceded b y a marriage con- tract drawn np by Mr. Dallas,.afterwards Secretory of the Treasury, aad witnessed by MS. Sottn, Commissary of Com-mercial Relations of the French republic, and Alexuder Camus.artenvards Minister of Foreign Affairs of Jerome's kingdom of Westphalia, John Comegys. and the Mayor of the city of Baltimore. Miss Batterson, his wife, was the ttaigbti r of a rich merchant of that city, who was born of a Scotch family la the North of Ireland.She was reported, to be an exceedingly beautiful and accomplished lady J and fully [worthy o f the most illustri- ous nuptials, and tl is believed that the attachment was both mutual and jardent. For more than a year the young couple remained in this country veiling objects of interest, and to the spring off 1805 they embarked for Eu-death he aaa the heir apparent to the throne, in theevent of trfJleatli or the Prince Imperial. By the death B*rd-1DR Iidea acre that Lincoln will be elected. Many look forward to this event with perfect complacency, be- liovjng that the party which h e represents will soon b e extinguished init*ownrot'.enness. Disunion willnot follow as a result of Lincoln's election, because of the strong faith in its early rain, foreshidowed by the mon- stroEltiee of the New York Legislature.,, The South will quietly await the demise of the black republican party b yStates was the offence which lug marriage had given to bis brother Napoleon, who had in contemplation the ele- vation of his brothers to European thrones, a n i desired them toform allianceswith|h« princessesof the royal housesofEurope.]Bethiaas:itmay,thatmarriagewas never acknowledged by the tmperor, anii i^g u e r er beenlo the presentDuring the voyi the s'.i:p narrowly escaped captureby several Englit cruisers, and finally arrived at thetrance, where, on the breaking out of the Crimean w ar .be tendered bis services to the French government, andentered a French corps under the title of lieutenant. Heserved bravely before Sebastapol, also in the Italian cam-paign,andhassince been promotedtothe rank ofcap-tain. WhatgoodorillfatemayhaveInstoreforhimre-mainstobeseen. Butfewyoungmenhavestartedintbeiv career with brighter ancestral souvenirs, or betterprepared to encounter their destiny. He baa been of-fered a title, it is said, if be will renounce the name ofPonspartepSJid receive it under that of Patterson, This, hended, a snap judgment on tbe part of the friends of the newspapers, had suppressed one portion of the cor- Most Rev. Archbishop Hughes, JOBS MACK to RHODA. \J Brain and Rneeen, wiU saonly be published by Dr. however, be has refused,preferring tube a simple,port of Lisbon, w the Emperor riage, took postce Jerome, in his anxiety to appriseaud proceeded with all speed toGREEIJtY'8 BOUBBOK, WHISKEY BITTBBS F O B A i d . diseases of UMstomarl. brer and bowels. TW«* btass* day, July 5, by tbe Rev. E. W. French, at tbe residence are considered the mow efteaeions tonic and stimulant, a* wss}wife remained, being in feeble health, m . w h e r t J e r o m e h a d a g r e e d t o j o i n take hef to Kmnee. But upon arriv ing at Texel the ptain of khe vessel received a formal and peremptory eptnmand t^ tlepart, the Emperor havingordered that the wife of Jerome should not land.V E R M I N ' r t R S T R O T F R .:i-~7.r.;—cf the Great Napoleon First, and the only remaining mem-ber of the mmtly Of h o pareaUi, Charles and LetitiaBocipaj-tf—the ftrst of hli brothers, Joseph, King ofKaitea,haeingcited in 19*4 the second, Napoleon. Em-peror of Franoe, la 1WI; the third, IVician, Priace ofCaniaO, u 1M0; his eldest biater, Marianne Kliza, Da<'hes«or Tuscany, in 181D. Lokis, flaaj of Holland, in lftlt; and presented to the King a kind and loyal address, tottanacers, Maesa, Oeorji*plain,old!woodbuilding,butbebadseveralworkmen Whit*,tmoHatlsr, Ahead—lew Shapes allparties. AsaRepresentativeinCongress,Mr.McCtof-Marie Paulias, Duchess of OuesUllf, In 1«15; Marie An- which the King said:—*-i like your address, gentlemen. toinette Caroline, Couniess of I|i«n», in 1839. and That clause of my constitution which establishes equality of religion is in unison with m y own heart. No law oughtwith a wing one story high, to correspond somewhat withthe old building which he now occupies. There is a fea-ture In tl lis new structure which probably Is very littleknown. The planks, which are six inches in width, instead of being made to lap one upon the other, and RHKVMAT1SMS and m tho*eaffections aruasg from check- an eloqveut and impressive effort. At the else* placed semewhatedgewIse, are placed daily, thus render* ed peruiratioii of his term lu Congrye he removed to th* ing the walls six inches In thickness and sdapting it, BRANDRBTH-8 PILLS county of Columbia. In 1M0 be wa* elected from th* moreover, to any outside preparation in the way of stuc- Give reHef, and v a c cure. Ip r ACT OFTEN SAVE LIFE. same district to tlie Twenty wventh Congress, sad coing or plastering of which a brick wall is capable. Should be in every bouse ready. setved through that term. Sace his retirement from The house is within a few yards of Elizabeth river, upon Sold at V4 Canal street, N o .4 Colon Square and 2M Bowery. Congretf be baa contiuued to reside near Hudson, engagedvessels 01 400 or 600 tuu.-. up ti> t^fie Governor's tana. Un- ful *iyles st IAXKITT. SOS A CO.'S, X&l Fulton street, der thei skill and management of such a man as the Urookiy o. Tnauaings made to match.Jeromewasbornata4cdo onfie 15tbof December, isthedutyofthecitizenonlythatthelawsofthegovern-1JW, awi at the time *4 hW de-owe was consequeatlyment ought t o regulate. I hope 1 shall never have causeseveut> six yei.rsokL Like all the Frenahiiien who par- kingdom.'' Westphalia, therefore, became a holy land to licipaleAl in the atirrini events o^ hla time, his life was the tribes of Israel in Europe. Jews were allowed to par- Mil of viri«i*«dea. Atjan early 4ge, during the lUliaa ik-ipate inJ the attaint of the government. As an EnglishNaples and b"pa in,.Joseph Bonaparte, tlie eldest brotherof Napoleon. Arriving in New York about the year 181&,he travelled extensively through the United States, andwas everywhere received with the respect and attention whieh the city *f Norfolk is located, and uavigatde for l a d i e s ' D r e s s t a m p s — N e w a n d B e a u t i - in the pra-tlce of his profession. It is nearly two yearsfv ("ili»>swlerh^dA.pnr* wcarriediatoslavery.mittclause*-—tw^wl^ifiJ*—»iTM-»»y diPlciltyt*hi?mis**JWUtlrc-netfteeupsomnl|itJmsr•*•»*•».' J-tLV.^J^«U«lngah-*W)latitlortbeIrtuchrepublic. thesaid JeromeBona andwellotjderedUnitermgrowthtbeinfallibletndieaticjos b*GUrk. »N»geantD.».v.<.' th*jdAteeoibprecinct,wasorthe Prince Jerome, his son, the Prince Napoleon, be < one s, in case of the death of tbe Prince Imperial, the heir- to tbe throne of France.Prince Jerome, In person, was tall, and much slimmer than the first Napoleon, whom, however, in countenance he very much resembled—without, however , possessing many of the remarkable intellectual characteristics of tbe first Emperor. For several years past he has resided, when » Paris, at the Palais Royal.By bis marriage with the Princess Frederics he had three children—Jerome Napoleon, born in 11814, Matilda, born in 1819, and Napoleon, born in 1323. The former died in Florence in 1846.THE AMERICAN BOXAPABTES.The son and only child by Miss Patterson, likewise named Jerome, was brought to America, and educated at Harvard University. Turning bis attention to the law, he wss admitted to the bar of Maryland, where he had taken up his residence; but by marriage with a wealthy lady of Baltimore hia already bountiful estate was so ea'arged a s t o demand h i s uninterrupted persanalattention. B e has visited Europe several times, and spent several years in travelling and study. A t the pre- sent time he Is one of the wealthiest and most respected citiiens of Baltimore. For many years he has cultivated large tracts of land, and from his scientific familiarity with tbe subject of agriculture and careful attention has met with large success.KAWiLEONJEROME.In the year 180*2he had a son. the pi -sent Napoleon JoIt was likewise* question with the Great Napoleon whetter lie s'aould make America a refuge or submit to tbe generosity of the British government. As is well known, he chose the Utter course, and was exiled to St Helena; but when the spirit of the great man there lefi bis breathless form, it became the guiding star of a na- tion who will never forgft the indignity thus offered to the most illustrious Frenchman of the world.Another young prince of the European branch of the Bonaparte family came tp the United States several years ago, and for a while flirted about between Boston and New Orleans-, but he finally returned to sow bis wild oats on his native soil.At the present time the Bonapartes are gathered under the protecting wings of the Imperial Eagle; but if the time should again arrive when, like chad from t h e threshing floor, they will be scattered from tbe empire, America will doubtless be tbe asylum to which they will again re- tire to await the progress of passing events, and enjoy the- peace and comfort which the turbulence of a revolu- tionized Europe would forbid.The Contest In Virgin!*. OCB NOBFOLE CORRESPONDENCE.NORFOLK, VS., July 2,1860. PoUpoiement of Ike Democratic Ratification Meeting—Batehtlor'sWigs andToupees have Im- nerofavenueAaudllOthstreet,this(Friday)afternoon,pruvements surpassing aT. others; natural and easy; perfect at five o'ckick.lit and no turning up behind—no shrinking I t Bond street. WAIT.—In this city on Wednesdav. July 4 . after aHill's Hair Dye 50 cents. Black or lingering illness, ELKANOR RCSURXL.wife of EdwardA.rorne, who received a thorough education atthat the cause of his remaning so long in the United West Point, and graduated in 1862 After serv- Douglas in this Region—What is Thought of the Pros-rope in the American ship Erin. It has been suggest .-dI8BFIDRMIO. FCREV—IJAXGIET—On Monday, July%, at St. James' The public nay rely with eonAdenoe tn the useShe accordinglyher residence, and3ulj, 1*5. gave birth to a son, the present Jerome Napo-leonBonaparte,atresidentofBaltimore. Jeromesubse-qunntl) brought all h u miuenoe lo hear to appease the Ktijoato decision. Tbe volume above referred to con should decide to cast the vote of the State a unit. While asger of hia brotlisr, but hit endeavors were rruiUes»,and ins a note which M. Bonaparte, who styles him-to enact a %\ the empire todecree "forbidding all civil officers ofriage was celebrated by the Bishop of Baltimore accord-foe England, where s h e took u p fdhvw ing month, on the 7th ofthe publication of the seventeenth volume of **Thier'8History of tbe Consulate and Empire" revived the dis-cussionofthequestioninamannerthatmayyetgivesome trouble to France when the occasion ripens for its lation of Douglas' prospects in Virginia if the partyin the whole matter ; for It is not of much importance whether an individual may be injured by design or by idem. When heis injured unintentionallylieis .titled to that reparation which the Archbishoop, iu thent ease, now offers.It must not be understood, however, that the Arch-bishopherebyrelinquishesoneiotaoftheprinciplein- v o l v e d i n t h e v e r y u n n e c e s s a r y c o n t r o v e r s y w h i c h M r . Delavan has fixed upon him.t JOHN HUGHES. Abp. of New York. NEW YOSK, July 6,1800.W i l l i a m s b u r g C i t y N e w t .Accmnrts.—Mary Pickard, a child three*years old, was seriously injured, on the corner of North Second street and Graham avenue, on Wednesday, by tbe discharge of a pistol held by a boy named Christopher Gorman. Rich-grandfather. James Boyee, 831 Degraw street, Brooklyn. BROWN.—OnWednesday, July 4, IDA,daughter of Geo. W.andJuliaA.Brown,aged1year,S.monthsand23days.Kapok-ouwoulddoteveaallowhiswMstovisitParis.I n M a r c h , l S O a t t h e E m p e r o r c a u s e d h i s C o u n c i l o f S t a t eself "a French citizen, residing at Baltimore, of theUnitedStates,"requestedthepublishertoinsert,and w h i c h , a f t e r s t a t i n g t h e f a c t a a d d a t e o f J e r o m e ' s m a r - riage with Miss Patterson, proceeds to ssy that "themar-Douglas' strength is confined to one or two districts, itsohappensthat these districtsfurnishthedemo-from tbe residence of her parents, East Eighty-sixth street, near avenue A.•pEFEIGERATORS, CREAMI'E PrruHEBS AJCTJOOCIlsaHNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1860,-TiUPLB SHa!*. Bonaparte ani &i:zalK>UiV null ^ '"*'*''•';'••'f»3*ra.',f'.Aiwould defeat Ui.yo'»jeCt and only uflic h.:n a Jtnmeseceptedamlstiontollmtamrorof -idtlwrestorationofGeioeteaaitorsaudAiin.oj;Fikanuta»H*w,—A»et*gi»ie (.•ui.taa,e»D>aad _.1- c.vh's '.it..-. V>s«ncapturedand Z*ITmV'""*]**bfmJ' "durum*;»"athea S<-c">!'j.-»»».iimenu.*-aniiuaif»ftto•iM'-udthefiiera!,f.»m'fcu'lateresOne*,N*41 i'JIi.mood «••.et. fl.ir 'iFridaj.Friday) .^leraoon, at t a oWe*t tadk-s. raptured *i* %f)»w ' •emaataaenJ on his tance from the gate to tbe Governor's residence the darkey ne»» Ft*>» A. etoest childt* Hand and R.the Huiperor way bime 'wascliaeed 6ym k>>f««t "m, and lo stnandtheraidCmPatterson,oreitheroftbem,loese- d<ivercalledouttothoseinthecarriage,Mass*Henryt* e>i.-.-<•}iiitotbeluttkmbatcse!laafaint.ngrnaditio*and a?"rt2jr»»>,10RMOib^aadITdmrs _____^_ry—Visit* of the America, AW., AK- « • Irani by theft»US>.•le,fsKingofWv' N»|«.COa.Few taea tot*. beanwi4 in*omany greathi*****""tisiaggloryofail fiO* >refbrr,afiiaeuwd theprom. n e a t * v * a t i o f t h e C o o s a ! ;<• a n d t h * e m p i r e , w a x m a t e d <*thethrooaofaktngdoejiareata*A*himbyNspotean, paw his am go down upon f e bloody field of Waterloo, like banwassentintoesile,addafterafifisofvicissitudeand turmoilmurned» die4>*t**•*<»*8*,»•F"»»"Wminmrf «.th aoaer, ui»a tbe so:! of France.faviewoftotraattioastotheAaericanpeopleoftheUie tx Kiof, a* the rath r of tie American race of Booa-parte», aad the ooatroT<ir«y that las existed betwaeaaa sad the reigaiBg mtflUy, as to their kgitimaey aad alter of the Napoleon dynasty. Accordingly, on the 12th parte, but without graining tho sights of affilia-BonaparteFatallytonj-t© .be vnlici.v of the s„id marrlaae. either in tbe Stole of immediate t upertatenctnee, and exhibiting in their ric i g*n to threw atones, lor which he was severely beatenn'tJiirJr. w,itiiOK* firt!.er mrltaC/uiwriter says. The Minister of State was a Jew; the Coun-• eampaiga of his brother N»i>oie<m<ha was placed with his- cillor of Finance was a Jew; the Commissary of War was which Americans every where show to strangers of dis-jister Ur> lute at the e^acationa)j institntionof Madamelam;*a, la l"aris, fromlwhich h^ a a s transferred to tlie - College of JaiBy. where |ne coniinied hit studies until Na- aoleotf was placed at She head^f the Cou-niavr goyern-jaent. JSefore he h a i cotupietM hi3 liftcenth y o u time servers of the past at theso innovations upon estab- In his petition he *tuted that he was -not in a positionUP «aa i>i l into the Sa' y , where it a a s the ainbi lishcd nojjions of thf ;tge. Relnvd by hia subjects, how- to profit by the law which otters him the honorable and wordabjtut politics, if YOU don't question him, but. as l;«n 0! iht> Fira COBSUI to g;/e him an opportunity ever, he enjoyed tbe satisfe-tioo ot popularity with them, precious title of American cltixen, thereby coufering you may judge, I xmld not well permit him to enjoy ex-since b e was struck down b \ disease, while actively e n - raged in the exciting duties of a political CMITB*S. Frasa that attack he never enttreh recovered, and with:* t a o last few weeks he sank ftradbally till his decease. He has been taken away in tbe prime of life and In tbe midst ofacareerofactivityandusefulness. Mr.McCellanwas«u la*, t raeral latierc {.patchingtost,11m;i;ahichthen iq a Htate of serrite insurln lHlSibt' was called by the Kinperor to join him ia hia man itiv.s; >n. He was in the battle oi Millibtm, audand erected a vast edifice on the !>laa «>f au Italian palace, w itb a court > aril open on oi»e side. This mansion was en riched by his'entire collection of paiutings, busts, statues, precious stones, ancient relies aud curiosities, which he had amassed in France. Italy and Spain, and every luxury which wealth could purchase adorned this elegant seat of hospitality. He thus expended on his estate marly a million of" dollars. H e was attended b y most of his old secretaries and servauts, who remained faithfully attach- ed to him through lile, ar.d those in- had not enriched while livitfg were left independent at his death.His habits rt maiind the same as in former years. Like all the Bonspaites, he row early and did his work.in the morning. He remaned in his library reading aud writing until eleven, when he met his friend^ at breakfast. H? then went over hi* grounds and gave directions to his employes. Dinner came at five o'clock, and the balance of the (veiling w»- occupied wish his guests.InlfcSOhiselatelymansionwasdestrojedbyfire,butas it originated rn tbe foui lb story, the st'atuarj and paint- ings were saved S^ch was the affection and respect he inspired in all classes, that on the night of tbe tire and during the next day there were brought to him by Labor ing men and others drawers containing gold, jewelry aud valuables to au immense amount, which ini&hi have been taben with impunity. The mansion was afterwards re- built, b u t in a less pretending style.(249i Fulton street.Domestic, Commercial and Bnslness Phnicsmpli*.—2*'Portrniist*\enfor SI, ai Hol.MKS an-lent Gallery, &.»» Broadway.O. B. Slont * C-o.'s Celebrated BUlptlc lock stitch and shuttle Sewlns Machines.G. H. COLLINS, A* Broadway N. T.A Grover & Baker NoiaeAoss Sewing Ma* chine ia the best friend of m e fanAft lyflee 4115 Broadway, Kew York, and Is! Fuitoa street, Brooklyn.—Wheeler At "Wilson's Sewing Machines. Office 60S Broadway, New York.Milward's Needles, for Wheeler di W il- SOX'S MOWING MACHINES. These Needles are made by hand and of the best double refined English cast seel, and WASSAJIIXS SCrETttOR TO ALL OTHERS.J. FRED. MILWARD, SI Warren street, N. T ,•twinWAS y dt Sons'Overstrung Grand andjquare Pianos are warranted for fiveknew him, «s d:d the writer of this brief notice, through all the stsrrs of youth and manhnod, will ever cherish his memory.MCGRATS?—Tn Brooklyn, on Thursday. JnrvS, Havtrr, «OD ot John and Margaret McGrath, after a short illness, in the 36th year ofhis age.Hi= friends and aciuaintance. and those of bis brothers, Nicholas and John, and brother in law. John Brady ar* respectrully invited to attend his funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at three o'clock, from his late residence, No. I President street His remains will be interred in tba Ceipeteiy of the Holy Cross, Flatbush.VKRjinrR.—I'm Wednesday, July 4 . ESNKST MEitsun, e f diptheria. seed 3 years, T months and 17 d*^ s.The 1-iends and rehtl res of tb» family are" requested to attend the funeral,this ("Friday) afternoon,at fouro'clock, from the residence of his afflicted parents, Myrtle arenue, second bouse from Kent avenue. The remains will » • taken to Greenwood.(•'DOHoars —On Thursday morninjr, Jolv ft, MAKV Joas- TOIXK. daughter of Joseph J. aud Teresa M. J. O'Donohae, aged 12 uiouthe and 15 da\ s.Tbe relatives and friends of the family are respectfuUf invited toattend the funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, a t two o'clock, from tbe residence of her grandmother, Mrs. MaryRiley,Mo.100EastSeventeenthstreetPrrrvo _<>n lVednesday, July 4, Mr. ROBERT J. Prrns, in the 73d year of his age.a'a^il-.-out^cticn. the negroes |)e;ns: commander by the fjitnonsT,.i i.» .*:ii I.OuvertureSi».»nan|L-rhia anivalatSt.IK>In t s l d when the r'reoah were compelled to avacuate (;. i mati>, Jerome w is obliged to fly lief.-re the march of Un Rufslnn and Sas^n troops, and with his >uJ retreated to l\d>ieiit?. The CoMOchtt, however, did not remain lonL-iuliiscapit.il, and Jerome soon returned. On the i"iih of October he received th<' tidings of the liattle ofLeiiwii. and that evening bvlefl Cassel f"r the Lot lime, 8upport.il by his body guards. He remained several day-at Cologne, but was at last comixdled to .-eparate frtm hia devoted followers, and fled to France,l>uruig those vicissitudes his wife. the rYiueess Fre- derica, was his constant compaoi-u. Iu 1814. on the abdication of the Emperor, they were compelled to leaveuiit.({". b"«fver , li'-iiv i-al heclerd seut hm> back w.tU con-!• .-uiial •le'iiiatclies to th-.' FiratjCoDSul, announcing thes .occwTtl landing ofthe «-xpet(:iloo and t V capture ofA i;< i .aacois. and r«ard« reluracd withlr-,,,..,»«. T\e result o'Khe e\pedlt)09 i* we'd known t"tbeTr..di-r «l rYeach histpry. It d o n th.< Ufe,f*f tlw bravet.o: • t Lecierc, and) pro . i eu the wbvle d'.sjstrou*.its tim*", ahUf »i Urest.j Ue gave hiuiielf np Win- "A rWl.t I t* a saboutd*achievedsko waiof passion wi'- dtmis-eti by the Emperor. however, revretti-d it afterwards.<; i •: r c.nimon toteafanng prouih, and Kapoleou him,•• r .i ' 'i ••'•a folki-A•<i>:ilitt.T;iddri-«Si'dbyii-rnaietnone Paris,andtoo*refugeinTrieste,wheretheyw?reatthe•ut-, iu ahiJh au mlefrsluig acoouiit was given i.tares on ahorr — '1 have .jit'n yotuf letter, M.time Napoivn landed l.tin Elba.H re Ihey embarked for France on a frigate providedby Murat, then King ot Naples; and al the meeting of it»e Champ de Mai, he look his seat in the Chamber of Peers. The battle of Waterloo wa- near a thai id. and Napoltou was straining even nerve to bring iat»the fleli hts im-oas, letit r be saikti fiir Mattht lue, and resided far a while w li. i.»• ifothor of th> Eiuprea) J«"*phine.-o<- d f Vthat \wiar<— .•, njimdcd i«tou es«T intend a) <walling with, iinpatieoee i-urship.stud>iugaproyears.Wa|eroon>s82 sad 81 Walker street.a Jew, the Superintendent of Hospitals was a Jew; theBurgomaster was a Jew.'' The gray beaded courtierswere shocked at the almost republican simplicity ajhieh prevailed in his atmosphere, andcourt ,i«njrna!s were tilted with articles indicating liow mission to hold nnl estate, and a similar act wjs» much wem-shocked the delicate seiuttbllities t>f the old passed b\ the Legislature of New YorkGovernor it will soon become a charming place.To sayf that your correspondent and his companions were treated well by the governor is to state what every one fani|'.iar with his character in the domestic circleMoody'sand the iittairs of State were managed with discretion and ability, tloush it 1ao heen iiUetnpted iu various works to depreciate hia qualities for go\ eminent. ,upon him the right »f holding land. He must continue l* b •• a Frenchman." The place selected for his country residence was at Point Breeze, on the Delaware, near Bor- deutewn, N. J., about twenty miles northeast of Philadel- phia. He purcuascd i.iue or ten adjoining farms, laid outemption fioin that distracting theme.lie retards the nominalion of Hougtas as bad in utterviolation ofthe democratic sentiment of tbe country, in- mu-li as" no democratic !*tate in the I'nion recorded its vote torhiiro. Ofthe means and appliances by which he secured even the sham nomination he obtained, the g^fcr;or,l apprehend, will have something to say when nTcomo* to disetus that question at the ratification mei tiLg, to he held here after tao State convention.The Governor is In favor of the election of Breckinridge and Laile, witb a protest, however. Those portions of the platform which relate to the construction of a Pacific railroad, and snakes the protection of slave broperty in the Territories, conditioned upon necessity. H e believes that laws should be passed to punish otfences before they are coipmittet, and not with a view to an espo*l facto effect. As tbd lesser of two evils, however, he will sup- port Breckinridge and lane. Tlie Governor was evidently reserved in the presence of the other gentlemen who ac- companied, m i . bat 1 could judge if h e only got an oppor tuniiyi such as the ratification announced for to-night would have afforded, he would have given some rich de- veloptmeuts. H is first speech after the State Convention will fui nish tbe cue for the campaign.An amusing feature ofthe visit to the Governor's house was some remarks made by a Mr. M. R., a leading archi- tect of Baltimore, In reference to the contrast which the plain, familiar manners of tbe Governor furnished to those oT the European HKingHt. Mr. R. is a prominent Irish adopted citizen of Baltimore, but the very soul of wit. He observed to the Governor that there was noih.ugintheworld heprizedsomuchasthehonorofJ n l y F a w r t h , a n d E v e r y D a y t h i s V e e b , Prof. FOWLKR will make Phrenological Examination*, at 906 Broadway.in public or private lire he commanded respect and es- teem. Tbe earnest heartiness of his manner and th* kindliness of his bearlnr. even towards bis polities! op- ponents, were iu liaopy contrast with the cold and dis- tant formsliti'•» which too often se|*rate those whs differt» mi: <;.",uii lion and plan- himself at the head ofII.H IrriMh navy. !a li»l, si the age of eighteen,Le rt-ceiv-dcommand ol the corvitte i.'Ei^rvier. a n i wasord.red to toin the ex tlHion coniraan,1e«i by his brotlier- exi-cditioin to l'.ussia. in which b" comtnande>t the Ger- and adorned an extensive pax!-', built roads and bridges,Brooklyn Photographs.—Williamson'sMiniatures. Cabinets, Imperials and Lie size. Two forty nine in opinion, r-urh wns Robert M'Clellan. Those whoahandsome utdoi tuuate,success, b^t at and in aSmolen- break of Napoleon,Iyour glory. IHeyoung, mense army. Helving oa the discretion of Jerome, he rour name; for if you live confided to him the Important work of opening thai lastHerring'ssmoking out of bis pipe and partaking of bis hospitality. >\xXj wttbiwt harii^ servt\l your country, you had great battle, which he did in a charge at the heal In 1832. on the death of Napoleon's POO, Joseph took If. Bawl he, I returned to Ireland and stated there that IBurglar Proof Siof six thoi sand men. Every schtsuboy knows the rest. •iter no« have ' w i lore. jSuc-u after the r««eipt of Napoleon's empire was swept to the four winds. Jeromeup his residence in England, b u t returned to America in1807, resuming his formeT residence. He remained only aas ^emitted to terms of such familiarity as a mau ofHis frieLds are requested-to attend his funeral, this Whiskey.—8, T. Suit's Kentucky Salt (Friday)afternoon,attwoo'clock,fromhislateresidence,hastened to Paris, assumed a disguise, and, by permission of ais lather-in law, joined his wife at tVurtemberg. The King granted him the castle of Elvangen for a residence, on condition that he should never leave it and ketp notwo years, however, when events called him to Europe, where, in Florence, on the 28th of July, 1844, at the sge of seventy six, he breathed his last.your genius and distinction exhibits In this instance, I would be set down as an impostor. Tho Governor en- joyed this richly, and by way of heightening the contrast which his Hiberuian friend pictured BOgraphically, in- sisted that he should test the quality ofsome good bran-responsible for all tbe ills which are now foreboded of the democratic party. It Is generally Intimated here that he will ultimately unite with the black republicans in pur- suance of the example set him by hts lackey Forney. The truth is be never had any strength at the South, and. of course, now never can. Every fugleman he has ever bad here will share his own fate just as soon as tho fic- titious character of their operations come to be developed. Everything Douglas in t i e South w a s perfectly coun terfeit. All his reputed strength.was the result of tbe puffing and blowing of his lackeys, who numbered not more than thirty or forty in each Southern State. The people are beginning to realise the real character of the Douglas movement, and the sequel will prove how imriver Bourbon, sold by all dmirsists. HBGKMAN A COt, Kos. 161, 399, 511 and 756 Broadway, X. T .No. 132 West Thirty-ninth street.Kew Orleans Picayune please copyParNTTKAr.—At Orange. N . J , on Wednesday, July 4 ,fow.ii ii- u*e end ofl tht yiir |18<K. hostilities having rc-eooMaenccd between) France and England, and Jerome French to his service; but his restrictions were so irk was also for a short time an exile to our"•i i •Race, Shell, Pleasure a n d Ship's Boats of consumption, EDWARD PRIXEVST, In the 64th year oflav ibz (•• u.-ed about f->r severjsl mtmUis on our Southern coast iu (he hoj«e of facet .n? am opportunity to distinguish , lumsx'tf. finally put Iinto New| York, to^eacape the fale of mac) of hia bn er officers who had been taken pri- Eoaers, as the EngbY .had sent out such a superior navalshores. Failing in bis attempts to incite theStrasbourg insurrection, after having been con-cotjfined as a prisoner in the prison of the city, he wasbanished to the United States, whither h e was conveyedin a French frigate. He arrived at New York early in thespring of 183", und though be remained but a short time,he devoted himself with energy to the study of Americanpolitics and investigations into the actual state of the arts,science* and inventions. He travelled extensively, main-Liining much of that reserve which is one of h is princi-pal cliaracteristics now, and was welcomed and respecte Ibv all with whom he came in contact. The illness ohis mother, the Queen Hortense, recalled him in the latterpart of the year, and he arrived only in time to close heeyes in death. During his Btay here he contracted manyft iendships, and several o^our citizens,since his elavation, politjic waa the course of those who lent themselves have been recipients of m?Bientoes-of his thoughtful re- to this Douglas movement. There is a prevailforce that it was use: t. contend against them. Herlie found that the fi ae of h.s brother bad already pre-ceded him. and wh< rcver hei appeared he was greetedwith the most flat ring attentions. All Americans athat time likewise felt an interest in the fortunes ofFrance, which had so recenjtly rendered such effectiveBervK in our struggle for iudk«udence, aad in this me- titit to that of the Emperor, and up to the time of his tropolis, a s well a s i f Philadelphia and Baltimore, he min-some that he finally obtained leave to withdraw and set tie in the Austrian empire. B e purchased a magnificent chateau near Vienna and a mansion iu Trieste, between which places his time wa* generally divided, though he subsequently often visited other parts of Europe where bis family resided.The evolution cf 1348 put an end to those difficulties. The pt#fi;ii>f of 1815 re-entered upon their rights, and tbe star ot the Napoleonic dynasty rote high again above thJ podtical horizon. The Prince, Louis Napoleon,elected by the French people, was placed in the Presidency of the sec. nd republic. lie named the former King of West pha u a Marshal of France and Governor of the Inva- ltdes. The presidency of the Senate was also conferred upon him, and when the constitution of the empire was promulgated, his rank in the Imperial family becamedy, presented to him by a friend.The hostility to Douglas here is intense. He is heldof.all kinds cheap, at O. RJIKGERSOLI/S, 213 Pmth street.i i . i iPlantation torn Mill,of Burr Stone..the greatest invention of the age!I Ami-Friction « n Power.Expressly for Ginning Cotton, and running the above mills. Call and see them, or send for circular toJ. A. BBBNKT, 15 Gold street, N. T .i sasnwassass a*sa—> • • • — • •A Delightful Summer Bed.Tolman's Self Ventilating Spring Bed and Mattress combined.The cheapest, most durable and comfortable. 673 Broadway.Barry's Triropherous is the Best and cheapest article for dressing-, beautifying, cleanstar, curling, preserving and restoring the hair. Ladies try il- Sold by all druggists.Christadoro's Hair Dye,Wigs andTom- pees. The best in the world. Wholesale and retail, and the dye privately applied at So. 6 Astor House.;i_—his age.The friends of the family are respectfully invited to at-tend tbe funeral, onSaturday afternoon, at two o'clock, from his residence at Orange.Pixoxsox.—At Factoryville, Staten Island, on Friday, June 16. of consumption, J AWES GILBERT Staossox, BOO of Abraham and Phebe Simonson; aged 33 years aad t months.California and Monmouth county. X. J , papers pleas* copy.SCOTT.—On Thursday, July ft, SARAH EMIT, daughter ot Frederick aud Sarah Bell, aged 4 years and 20 daysThe friends of the family- are requested, without fur- ther notice, to attend the funeral, from the residence of her parents, 271 (tyring street, thU (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock.VASDHRHOOF.—In Harlem, on Wednesday, July 4, RA- nrei AMELIAIUNDELI.wifeor C. S.VanderuooT,axed 46 j ears.Tlie relatives and friends of the family are respectfullyinvited to attend the funeral, from her late residence, cor-Y et in a State Con- vention wherein the vote is token by districts or on thiir registers a transcript of the ing to the rites of the Catholic church, and that It was counties, and igot In the ratio of the democraticHigh mass was sung on Thursday morning at St.Columba's church, from which the funeral took place totheCathedral, where his remains were deposited with CECOND EDinOX FOR JCLY.NUW READYof a pretended marrAge contracted by Jerome lt»uapar to a. foreign country."duly registered; that Jerome Bonaparte, then nineteenyears of age, had attained the age required by the French strength of each, the friends ft, Douglas would be outthe usual ceremonies. APPLETON'S nj.rsTRATFD RAn.WAY t,rn>R. _ COLLINS.—In the 60th year of bis age, of disease of the THE OFFICIAL RAILWAY G l IDE OF THE OOCKTBT.art of ce:< la the f"lk>w 111, rreequestedTbcfol to yof ag*, P>,after a.. .i.t. TriedaProtestant,]Males. Hehashis mult. I havwbocalix 1 null. A9|oet*a a buQhave this <4»allicauchi•But it appears aecoutitofthe ltolestsnte. !t k not be a Protests at it dangerous thai tV ear** d to ? :ehall aorta of propri repreMtitaioaa •ode, but it faitr*ply, covering lifrewasnoatitl cedent be fotad in; the marriage tetht«ccnt.us»4May the Emperor. ia a letter to Piu to grant a ball annulling the marMan iextnet^-'* I have frequently"law to contract a valid marriage; that his father being dead, his mother, l^titla Bonaparte, did not within a year, as required by the Franco law. demand that the marriage should be declared null and void; that on the coot rary Madame LetiMa called M. Jerome Napoleon Bovoted, and thus, according to tbe unit rule, be forced into the support of Breckinridge and Line. Suck is the poll cy that has led to the.postponement Of the ratification meeting which was to have been held in this city to-heart, PATRICK COLUKS, of county Louth, Ireland.The friends sad relatives are respectfully invited to attend his funeral at one o clock precise)y, from his lateresidence. No. 236 Elisabeth street.DISOSWAT.—At oyster Bay, Long Island, at tbe resi-It containsNEARLY ONE HUNDRED RAILWAY BAPS.For sale throuclioui the I"tilted tsutesand laeadas.D. APPI.KT<>\ A CO.. Fubbshera,« 0 and «*5 Broad* <j, near Howard street. _itb, although a minor, asar- rofamerchantofthe United Be is (ally coascmus oft awP *»*••>» Ivsa .^sVabaV m eMesaaMssasoa « By ear laws the marriage is irfbrgothisduties,astoproriage. I could easily n Para-, siaco the suchsaarriasesnull.>tohavwil daaeInBomeon ajaaaaMsfamilies marvylag for France that there shouiddesired object In a kwg iect, the Pope showed that tohim,norcoaMaaypremgr^ntrv,aadcv«>BaltimcTeandRlcranond,anxioitsto bear the vie au or Gov. Wise at this peculiar crisis. Mad themeetingtakenplacehewouldprobablyhavedelivered tbegreatestspeechofhislife. From whatIhaveasoer mined here I should sag that he himself bad probably suggested the postponement. If he was brought out he would have raked Douglas with a fury which would have put tbe "Little Giant's'' capacity of endurance to a se- ver* test, hi so doing, however, be would he damagingcorner of North First and Eighth streets, on Wednesday aaoraiag.city.Tb* remains will be taken to Greenwood tor interment. DAILY—OnThursday,July 5, JAKOB APUOWUS latav,youngestsonofJame*sadJeaaet Augusta Daily.aged 11 months and 6 day aFixaSAS.-On Wednesday, July 4, Jean C., eldest am cf James and Anne finegan, aged • years. Cmonths and • days.comer Canal atamt. rTTHEREASONEVER!BODYGETS ALOEOyousfi omaa so near my person. It 1 datiaguished youth should against the civil tows andinamannercontrarytoherrealsentiments, r to express her win on the offence committed by k r son against tbe laws of maternal dignity, declares—First, that Iter eotocaVWas never demanded by her son,You have been heretofore Informed that Gov. Wise, since the expiration of his term In office as Governor of Virginia, has settled in Princess Anne county, in thisare old, the son of Mr. John Davis, residing in , street. A verdict of death from cholera in-Tbe relatives and friends af the family are respectfully Invited to attend tbe funeral, from h a late residence, 440 Fourth avenue, corner of Thirty-first street, this (Friday)an,jsow^inlLLA'WOOb. Broadway, between Boaatoa sad Bleocker i' yea Ilk* «oobtain a beautiful Boa ar call at th* abov*saonmssm U always onMO MISTAKE ABOUT TI.-4B B W WAMT as Hiwhh* will Ijtwarmss^msninfsvf eAaf^lfatajtbsbssstsfstj i tS | Basamt iI"bviafeal#WswaaTs"- UIHsome of his own must devoted adherents, who at- tached themselves to tbe fortunes of Douglas at, «77 Broedway. Aninquestwasalsohelduponthebodyofamannamed 431Pearlstreet.Bitrasais*willbetakentoCalvary rnoPERSONSOOIBOTOTMBCODBYBT.--LADnis,l|ohisdeathbvfallingintoNewtowncreekwhileina li.smut.—OnThursday,Julyft,afterashorttBaess,JOBS H. Ca Ftsani tbe only. beloved son of John M. and of Intoxication. Also upon tbe body of a child Rebecca Fisher, aaja t anatbs and 1 days,Thatinorderthatherintentionsshouldbewell Baltimore. Batherthanstrikeablowwhereitfaw,,>f0>0>nk.»•ithos'firUiei lurltatioo. •pnAnrttd lil- rl >«e Joroene t.-r be took c*tiim»id of « la*. , *•»«'fWp, went to the lartc ct pages, at the rcqut-n of the said Elizabeth Patter of skilful lilisbajidbig. Before proceeding a third of me dis- promptly on Ike *p*>t arm arreted Ctaik StoW sac wa* J»"»i>*>v —«*D Wednesday, Julr t, after a' ^e F. Jard.1*,i-ethers of tii" grr-at 'scape capture, stranded h i t A l p " • *"* O08*1 of cnlt-any deed n w s s i n to remove,the difficulty, aud to eomtagf*' Every darkey in this region calls Mm t»y that there carad for. Tbe dnbmitjy. which iK».n»u at the o*r Tbe relatives and ir!<*&<)> of the family are . "roseetfaiy Brittaay. Reaching f^ris he wad de*V«t'*d w i , B the coaler on the »aid union al! the character of a valid and name. 1 put my bead out the window of tbe carriage, ner of t igtiteentk sweet. feeesn* general amaus Mat run- rorite.11-» alien 1 the funersl. from tbe rewld. *ce>*f b*s.i-ord'tuoftheI»•«;ionofHonor,pnmastsdtot.s*rankof perfectmarriageaccordingtotherespecthelawsofMae andtrueruor-gh,-MassaHenry"wascoming. Butiu ners»admember*oftoerivalrurapaar->vbenthey pamin.it,.w;westothivtveighthstreet.this<*>toay» iof atvi active partkiipauta Admiral and [created a Prince of the empire. Jerome, mate or Maryland and of the French topublic. Article 4. what a trim' I atver knew him to dress well. Whenever reached Twenty-fomth street). Tto- aiaturhanT. bow' afte.unoa. at tudf past twelve o'clock. His remain *odlb*eveat a*beha*. Besawthe howercr.wasnotat heartasailor,sadtoonaftef,**his Thatifthemarriageshould beannulled eitheronthede- hedoesmakeanyappearanceilis allconfined totbefix- ever,wassoon.(iie.i»a «yGap-.Hookta*.who despatch- laK«otetarrytawaforinterment.T mandoftbesaidJeromeBonaparteorthatof anymemberownsolicitation,WMplaceda*theheadofacolumn*> ofhisfamily,thelaid Elisabeth P.ateisoushulihavea tagofascarfroundaisneck,whichisfastened wHhasoldiers o< Bavaria and Wurtemberg. to the reduction o * right, in any race, lo one-third of tbe real, personal and plain gold breastpin across his bosom. I never could beedapoweofpolicetosh*?poitnvtfarpurpose.w t n a r s o f t h e i r e S t a t s L o t t e -tarn—WrOoOemDTrUDrDTAco.,sbauaar*afms PtXAWASa. SE5T0CXV A*B MISSOOWl STATS UWtSSIU.DauwAaa-tbrsaA Cwaf Ko. Sir. JBIT a,tmo JS,61.63.8,24,tsaJNL21.11,1,44,». Dauwasa-CXamMbSt3.Mrft.Ufth61, 28, 74. 1, 63, 14, 64. Jo, 77. a*. 52. 12. U. 50-Cahf.roiaandSVntttstipaperspleasecopy.M<i IH-LA-X—Atlii» resideaee.al Miiburn, near flu. *on>,i s t h e o s a n t y « t O r t o m b i a , o n l b * 2 6 t h n i t . L ^ s n . II.BKKTMf<u.,XAx,agedS5years. Mr.MefVlian was'• ratJ\eor<fdnmbia eoanty He graduatod at WiUlan W < ohege, and, after the oawai rourse of preparatory mndyA wasadmittedtothebarin19»andpublishedhimaoT* atMiddkburg,inth*ccwnlvoftVhoaari*. Hethereas- gs?ed ta an «ti-n«!>^ and WrstiTe practice, aad aoan • rose to prosstaenOF in his ptolamna. In tb* autuma of jmfJSt^**** «>•<*therepreaenutiresintb* Twenty n-tl, Congrem, from the doubledwtrtet then com- pesi>d ef tb* crmnlies «f Scboharle, Gresaeand Delaware Beserved witbgreat fidelity aad firmnessto a '*—*wed ca'cuiated to tost bis claim to thtse qaauttta. It was during the find two years «f Mr Van Buren's admtntatra- tton that th- attempi was made, and nssaaxiasaalf ro> Levied, to establish the Independent Treasury. A*am sdnunistralion measure, it eacouatered a clamorous aad fierce opposition, greatly strengthened by tbe de- pressed condition of the business of th*tr> and ths cnharra««ed slaw of itsI'llmis wise and neressarv *s was thesure Itself. It reantred more than ordinary courage to standuplnasdefine*, ami1stthedefectionofpolHtcat (rends aad In the race of an excited community mby misrepresentation. But Mr. Mcriellan was not a tovi-Mwhitbeknewtoberighttoaayo ralkm.andhegavetotbemeasureiaal1Wacbaag Etor- tones hto earnest support. Though failing then of suc- cess he lived to ace. years afterwards, the adoption of tb* meaMire, and its bom-tits to tbe coantrv acknowledged ayt h e f o r t r e s e f s o f S i l e s i a a n d d i r e c t t a g t h e M o c h a d e o f t.lc-gan. InMarch1807,fartheabilityheheredisplayed, he was pronjcied to the rank of a General of Division in the tiraaae Aimee.m i x e d p r o p e r t y o f h e r f u t u r e h u s b a n d . " Such,the*,islUestateefthecontroversy-.whichturnsi.<aoe a single issue, and that H, that if M. Jerome Napo- leCa Bonaparte be a "true BVJBCP,"Prince Napoleon aad tbePrincessMathiidemustbeillegitimate, thelatter accordinglyappealedloafamilycouncilto"forbidJe-j . i e . r » « . a d c d t h a t b e p e r f o r m e d t h i s l i t t l e b r a n c h o f t h e t o i - lethimself. Itrsauiredalittlemorecareandtastetban I believed Henry A. Wipe would bo willtrg to tx stow opus matters of dress. But in this instance be was burtbeaed withnosuchthingasscarfornecktie,norevenvest. Hi*wholedressconsistedofaPanamabat,andthatbyno•means new: a plain white linen coat, white "Russian duck" pantaloons foaled op at th* bottom aud apairofshoes,inperfectkeepingwithtbeotherportions of the dress. He had wist him, leaning oa his M l arm, an axe, which gave him peculiarly tbe appearance of a backwoodiman who was ready for anything, from a bear to a high' raj man Everybody who- ha* seen Governor Wise wilt sty that he is at taast determined; but iu this instance be exhibited, in his dress and general out ice. every element that could heighten this expression.UptoUii-time.Itissaid thePrincehadkeptnpaconstant correspondence with hitwife,andcMer-tained the • hope of being able to claim her ID a rome IVSterson to attribute to himself, under tbe name of legal way; but being finally assured that the Ameri.aa Bonaparte, affiliations whirfa de not legally belong to mariage would uever be recogntosd, be yielded him." Therasewasarguedproandcon,"andonthe at last to the Imperial policy of Napoleon, and, 4th of July, H M , the family council maintained tho to use his own language, immolated ohnsstf apon the right of \l. Jerome to the name of Bona-Ctretuars seat fre* of •>BDDT_•Or lo WOOD, KDDT A 80.,Bresvdbanto•store for France, and it may be that at some future day the Bonaparte* of America, who are now exiles, as was Louis Napoleon twenty years ago, will'be occupying his place and dictating terms to the crowned heads of Eu- rope.JOSEPH BONABARTK.to regret that 1favor and protect the Israelites of my America likewise aftorded an asylum to the ex-King of« I v c H e e d twith all the kindness and civility peculiar to Wisest home. I questioned him as to hie motive in carrying tbe axe, and answered that he carried it to kill snake-y, an Indian if by chance he should eome this wsy, aad for many r purposes too numerous t * mention. A tvttationwas kindly extended to all in the c a r onceaniu.riagetoaccompany him tobishouse,whichwasabout threequartersofamitedistant.Severalinvitationswere offered to him to take a seat in the carriage, but to no purpose, as he seamed to prefer walking.Whatever may lie the rights of the descendants of MissPatterson to a membership of the Imperial family, it Iscertain that the present acknowledged members will tion of w^iich was carried on under bis own supervision. sBS *»ros*4Way|\ never allow such a claim. But strange events are in The new Structure consists of a two story wood building.tinction. He had saved a large fortune from his civil list in Naples and Madrid, and brought a large proportion of his funds to America for iuvestment. Deciding to settle in New Jersey, he applied to berJLogislature for per-»" •Great Sol* of Shirts—Six for 1« Manufactory, 2S2 Broadway.LOUIS NAPOLEON, THE PRESENT EMPEROR,Catting of a StaU ConventUm—Grcat DKOfpointment at extreme.RO( Hearing Governor WiM—Tka Cormier at his Kern There is a report here that Mr. Win. Lamb, Editor of Home,t'nJVtMcesiiAnneCounty—HitFfam ontheJPre- theArgus,willbeacandidateforCongress againstMr.Millson, the present incumbent, in the next election. He tent Aspect of the Political World—The Hostility to is 4 gentleman of great popularity in this region.sacfc.N. J. to Miss MACTALEHS, daughter of the late Dr. chiropodist, 763 Broadway. Refers to physicians aad Luce, of Bremen, Germany. of this city.counter movements on the part of Douglas' friends. The result of a call for a convention must be tbe utter annihi-PARSONS' KETERMINATOR,THE BEST IN THE WORLD. Actsansarstsasaterror;theyhas**theirbolesWdie. It«cratic majority of tbe State.E D W A R D D . B A B S F O IBDI ' S , Cooper laomatotHis bouse, which we reached in a few minutes, is aengaged putting up a large addition to it, the construc- ta fine Btraw Ham. IMtoostofiamauoUsa. One dollar eaca.lan ainti-d to make himself useful rather than oonspiesv oos. His services in committee were valuable, and la the House be was esteemed one of tlie most faithful aad intelhgent a*rabersgHe spoke rarely, bat always counlanded attention, and secured respect for hia opinions. His advocacy of the clslm of tbe heirs of Fallon to remuneration, is well remembered asits own excesses. . ..brown.—Depot No. 1 Barclay street, and scad b> all drug and patent mediein* stores.Wait, in the 2oth year of her age.Her remains were taken to Albany for interment. WALL.—InBrooklyn,onWednesday,July 4,Aucs WALL.native ofKalian, county Kilkenny, sister of Garret and Patrick Wall, aged 20 years.The friends of the family are invited to attend bar funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at half past two o'clock, from the residence of her brother, Garret, 79 Gold Street, Brooklyn.MISCELLANEOUS. amsmtoas*a*s^a^asaaOaaa^asa>«si>sa,WM*w^»^i''^^a»ia^a»AT WHOLKSALE. SEOARS—OXB MTI.MON, FROMft* tot*0pertaonsand. Ts* Cheapest establishment InNsw York. 0 . CHEEKS, i f Broadway.AT JeHBB. 10ASD12 ANM STRERT-AKRW M T U of 8hc«s and Gaiters, st S3. Call aad seelCORKS, BUNIONS, INVERTED HAILS, KNLARQl Joint*, and all diseases of the feet, cured without inconvenience to the patient, by Dr. IACHARIK, 'Norfolk seems t o b e rapidly improving sincevisited it. Its tjrade is increasing in regular ratio, but b yDO means In a degree commensurate with its splendidcommercial facilities. I observed to-day for the firs', time 290 Broadway, corner of Reade street. a strange Revolutionary relic in the shape of a cannonball lodged in tbe wall of an old colonial brick church,whjch traditlou says was fired from a British frigatefrom the harbor. From the loose appearance of the ballI hardlv think it could have retained its position so long;andthisdoubtis strengthen*1bythefactthatitissur-rounded by a thick plaster circle, evidently ja-tctitlcd to bold it fait in its position. It is pretty certain,however, that the ball originally struck where it nowlodges, but that it retained its present position without6ome artificial aidSjls extremely doubtful.I lastI travelled from Baltimore to this city by'the Baltimore and Norfolk Steamboat line, and I would say that the beauties presented by moonlight scene on Chesapeake bay exceeded aaything 1have ever seen. It was grand in thet'llrt'hugh's Illusive stainable partings, are perfection.Wigs, withNo turning up behind.ing a while in onr own army he proceeded to pett*oftheSeveral Candidates—Norfolk and its P, as- Tbe Controversy Between Archbishop cathedral. Brooklyn, by the Rev. Mr. Turner, JAJCXS STEINFELDSuntitled officer, with the great name of his father's uncle, [yof the circumstancerbf the mar- than to barter it away for a title without it.SIIF9 ELIZABETH BATTERSON,BreckinridgeandLanewouldengcuderamongthefriends respondence. Mr.Delavan hatdenied this, and,on daughterofJamesW.Whit*,atlofthiscity. VONMOSCHGISKEB, 'vulistand aurisi. nowuractannchi* MILTS—BSAGG.—On Thursday evening, July 5, by the new system cf restoring ike sight and bearing at 107 ClistaaSince her divorce by the Imperial Senate of France, has ences this decision, and that is the preservation bishop entirely in error. The Archbishop for this apolo- Paris. Here a t ible reception awaited him, for he lived an unmarried life. Up to the time of the restora-learned upon his ival that his marriage had been an- tion of the Bourbons she received from the Emperor Na- of democratic ascendancy in tbe State. As matters now gises to Mr. Delavan, for he would rather forfeit a triumph of tho bride's father, Mr. CIUHLXPR. PLIMPTON, of North as the most agreeable stomaehie. ever offered the public, s a lpoleon a itension Of 00,000 francs. What has been the stand, this ascendancy is materially jeopardized. I would than be unfair or ungenerous to any human being.Yarmouth. Me., to Miss EMMAI.., second daughter of Mr. are a certain preventive of chills and fever. For sale orary-nulled, and despi all effort! to the contrary that his bro- course of the present go\ eminent towards her we are una- say it can no longer exist if tbe present breach is notther remaineil inei oraMe. lleanwhile the Erin, on board ble to say. Affluent, and gifted with mental attributeswhich have ever drawn around her a circle of warm friends, her life has been iraared in ease and comfort, and s h e d o u b t l e s s n o w f e e l s , I n t h e e v e n i n g o f h e r d a y s , t h a t i t wa> no malicious fortune which withheld a European crownfromherbrow.Orrin II. Crosby, of South Bergen.St TTOX—FLORKSTLYB.—In SummerfieldMethodist Episco-pal church, Brooklyn, on Tueslay, July 3, by the Rev. G. K. Crooks, D. I»., DAVID A. SUTTON to JOSIK, youngest d a u g h t e r o f A b r a h a m F l o r e n t i n e , b o t h o f B r o o k l y n .Mmt.BOTCC—On Thursday, July ft. JOBS Hmrsr Borct, sonwhere. BARNES A FARE, Wboieaal* Areata.of which the ya» s a i l * - ! f*w A m s t e r her, aad fromhealed. It so happens that the peculiar friends of Douglasiu Virginia represent the strong democratic districts, andi f t h e y c o n t i n u e t o s u s t a i n h i m a t h o m e a s t h e y d i d i ntheBaltimoreConvention,VirginiaiscertaintogoforBell and Everett. This terrible prospect has suggested arrived, tar the most part, during hie absence; and itMEYER'S MIRACCI/>rs. MEYER'S MIKAt'CMU'S.ef a young brother, nineteen naparte, the issue of that marriage, 'her dear son;' Tbe^disappointment caused by this postponement was ard Lews*, a member of Engine Company No. 7, was run dence of her grandmother, Mrs. Sarah Burt*. AmrsE., SEWIKO MACHISK NEEDLES OF EVEBY DERCRIF- I seat in a frigate to America, aad and signed herself in a letter to him hia very aflbctiouate exceedingly bitter. Hundreds flocked from the surround over by the engine while on his way to the fire at the daughter of William P. and Ann Elian Dsweway, of this tion. Wholesale and" r*Ud, 419 aad 411 Broadway.mother;' that m 180S tbe Eatperor demanded of the Pope"thanwasnorea^to*aminl theaaarrtage^andthat b^todosoaewouMbeguatyofamostabomtoableof hstiawed minatry before the tribunal of Cod l-rtnceNapoieos.ths son of the same father by them Bonaparte beard of taeamrr lege she pro-.adjourned the investigation until to day. morning, st 10o'clock, from tbe residence of bis parent*. "thatatnofuturetime hersilenceshould be was not intended, he preferred to forego the John Byan, who resided in Smith street He came CemeteryforIntermeuLexpressionofbisviewsnntilaStateConventionshallhave decided for whom thf vote ofthe State shall be cast.line. Sharing with others tbe disappointment felt at hia notspeaking,Ireadily availed myselfof a kind lavlu- tkm extended to mo by a few friends in this city to ride1 Ifyouwishtogetbeing a minor, and that she would have refused It frontasfser coaiaiaea manay BUS* roetive* which the hvsr snthorises not to state. Second, State. His residence is about seven miles from this cityis Bete unnecessary to al- that sfaaTsokminry. protests, by the present act, against by the regular route,but not mora than four in a direct FBJTSFKIHT—On tbe evening of the 4th some forty or iftenrooa. at *oe o'clock. His remains will be taken tohonest man, Pius VII. came •hcrcou'-i aw would, annulfr-re tbe competent authority, as soon as she can procure a copy of tbe marriage ecrttflcste, ra order to hare ittremely hot, the route was so well shaded S3 to diiuiniihrhich 1 U (eared will prove fatal, Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ward and Michael Gonnond, also of his cousin. Jamas GoaTr-$&3g&H&&&any marriajre contracted b y her son Jerome in a foreign coonirv, witboot her enn«ent and In contempt of the form* prescribed by law. Third, thai *he expressly re-turn was rendered.£rty Germans, who were assembled at Laazee's brewei-y, in East New York, got into a dispute which ended In aGreenwood Cemetery for interment.H u g l i c s a n i l M r . U e l a v a n . A C.WD TO THK rVBLIC.pects—Curfew* BVeohtrtonary Relic, <fV., die-of Douglas. There is, however, another, and strfcter examination, the Archbishop acknowledges that Rev. Mr. DiUer, Mr. JAMJS MHAS to Miss CATBAkUiKT. place, N. Y .probably a stronger, consideration which influ- Mr. Delavan. so far, was entirely correct, and the ArchThe democratic ratification meeting which was to havetaken place here to-night, has been postponed until afterthemeetingofaStateConvention,whichtheState.Ex-ecutiveCommitteeofthedemocraticpartycontemplatecalling at an early day. This policy is deemed expedient, ment be sow finds to have originated in a mistake. The to avoid tbe alienation and hostility which, it is appre- statement was that Mr. Delftvan, in sending documents toby the Rev. N. E. Smith* AcGrsrr* Ds P. GOBXBT, to Eu- ZABKTH. daughter of Ellas Pitcher, Esq.DYSENTR-Y. ***** tavalasbla bitten are not only acine of approved esacacy, but they are alsoa iilsasim aaa agreeable summer drink. No family should be without tkssa. Theyeffsctscureinafewminutes,andeanbealways retted uponinanyemergency.. Forml*byIn a recent correspondence with the City Inspector of NewYork,tbeArchbishopsanctionedthepublicationofa statementprejudicialtoMr.Delavan,andwhichstate-HAWKIKS—BROWN.—At ChoppcquanBett, Warwick, on Saturday,JuneSO.bytheRightRev.BishopClark,Bess C.HAWKINS.Esq.,ofNew York,to ANSMABT,daugh- ter ofthe late Hon. Nicholas Brown.8.BTklrTPBLD,afMi. 8ole agent for the United L._The corvespondeuce, though brief, when printed in the newspapers, wss, on the other hand, protracted from the 1st of April until the 13th of June. During this interval t b e A r c h b i s h o p w s s o f t e n a b s e n t f r o m b o r n e , a n d e s p e - cially towards the end, during his visit to North Carolina. Thecommunications ofMr.Delavan unfortunatelyCosomaVs I*QIT»IS.—Coronerinquest on the body of a man namedJame, C. Pearson,i iiiaasjllli il suicide oa Wednesday night bat by taking , which he procured at the drug store of Mr. Irdler, corner of South Fourth and Sixth streets, troubles and dissipation are assigned asMurphy yesterdayhead1whhth*WsedSewlnfMaeawcs,isi dttrshie, sad always perfarold 1 ^Drawaulaware Lettarwau—«* Ce.'sIngs af France,26c. per box. iLadle- for the Cauimrry AVIshlng Oaltersknows him to be proverbial for. Speak of all your " old "Jkat 12-.., Blijipers ani Ties aids, and 7a per pain also Bora', a man of ardent temperament, impulsive and warmVirginia]gentlemen," but Gov. Wise is tlw most perfect Mia*cs andt'Midr*n'sBo>(s*rid Shoe*, wita. ln.ha rubber,of hearted. He had manj friends, and they loved him fors|iecimeh of that character probably extant. Not oneall the vsrioua styles: patroi his social qualities and genial nature, for his frauknest M|iJLER a CO.. 387 Canal *ireet. and Tor his zealous and unselfish devotion to their inte- rests. Hia integrity was unquestioned, and whether iaPatentNew Fork. Safe., 251 Broadway, corner of Murray street.ChampionPtr* sadD r . I l o l l o w a y T e n d e r sthanks, throngh the medium of the Press, in. tho^]*hysk-lans Who exclusively pretwrthe his Pills and ointment in their pri- vate practice "for coMiteness, indigestion, headaches, liver complaints, erysipelas, *c.f a n c y Pocket Cutlery—The Richest a n d ueweli patterns, for sale at J. A S. S. .SAUNDERS'. No.7Alitorjkjvise.CosROY this diocese.OnTuesday,July3,Bev.JotsConor,ofa s f l m g a t l o w p r i c e s s tCorner ef Aator plaos and Third aad Fourthsags*Ban*sssssssaa• • sOM a r r i e d .BOOK—Coircnv.—•On Tuesday evening, July 3. by theRev. Mr. Everett, Mr. THOMAS Boos to Miss AJTX Comcirr. Brasv—Lrc*.—At Hoboken, N. J., on Monday. July 2, by Rev. Dr. R C. Taylor. Rev. Pinup Ibusv, of Hackeu-H. W . MAB8B. formerly wit* the "Eureka,'of tbe rash act. The Coroner, after taking spectfaay invited th attend tbe funeral. this (Friday) pleased tn see ms frleads aad patrons at lb* Weedsvere illness, EDWARD Gossot D, only son of James aad fight,Inwhisganumberofthecombatants,were 8*rahGonnond,aged2years,11monthsaad3daysly wounded A sou of Mr. Lnnzee received mj iriei" His friends aad relatives, aad those of his brothers, EdasspytpfisaajbTbe friends and acquaintances of lbs (ami!v arc r*GONNOVD—OaThursday,Julyft,afteraabort and se- weeks,aadwont Immrfth i aS i n c e r eI n -Ft'Khi, to MART ANN LASULSY, all of Brooklyn. CORDIAL OOQRAC BITTERS, GILBSKT—PntiHsa.—In Brooklyn, on Thursday, July 6, as the only safe remedy to prevent or enre DIARRIKXAMACK—Wum—OnMondty, July 2,at the residence of the bride's father, 53 East Thirty-fourth street, by tbeAnd by all druggists, grocers and bars la lbs t "T\BAFKER8 AND ITB FATAL EFFEOTB Off THMBRACC all of Brooklyn.lijurroN—CROSBY.—At South Bergen, N. J., on Thurs-yc*<&j irs.ljBtcntUand10a^? yptreiat'r.-aadfriendsoftbefr-ml*arerespoctfulfy www.fultonhistory.com 