 rgj^ ItSfm-tlotk gtmtg; ittoitbttp; Ittimftrg 8o. isegdie mrender of fugitires from justice haa has been as* of the atest iiraadD«Bt Beiaken of the ssM to be a TpUsh Countess. KUiabeth admitted the qnestloa, betweea Ive ud six o'cloclt, he wasLadles' Antl-81averr •oWy, aad bw views upoa tuo tmthofthe alleg'^llon, aad added th4t aha had la- UKDGER WU^l.' BB RBADT. ASJ i -placeon Saturday afternoon.of typo- graphy and pape?, it unrivalled by any simuar wark-^-—His brother, Rev. Dr. Jahis W. Alkx- The Sabbath School Missionary Association of the rigging, were saved. The weight of the volume ofliXETINO OP THKPabk Comhissionees.—The»—howlaaaMwe for one wliich be would not also ez- teal to th« other. What ia a conspiracy tothe IJth ofHe In IWI. s^d for aHetbodlat pteasber,pawn shop in the Bowary, wheoo* tkey were leoov-He was locked up for trial in default of ON $1IfO.lM WVUtOM-n., BrooUra.~DBSTRVCTirBFIBB8.^T«besoldwKhoatressrve k>cImctbe'csncern All|iTOTed quite Erafficient for the prerention of suhject of Blavary have IM tar to take a leadiac P ut teoded to -rstota. tkf.ptiMltjr, bat Jhat iUha.Ct*. standing at Ihe^oor of hUyaceir ««•>•> No. 1$ 9m- i.!?f l"!?" ^ ** •*»« JtseUae Ooapaor Save rpBBallaiiich conapiraciea for the perpetration of In all tk« Bvraments for lli aboUUtD."or No. « Bax6r4«% had MuTlt tol peynepificet; wheh B«na- eui» >«> ud. tfeM instlBtrsdaeedawewtcd sapsrlar ShnUle Maridae, on her. Cos'ello was tberenpon trrsstei. tad U was loaghly to Mrs. Baxhu. Tfab l«itoaB allereitiea.<nliuO> aftinst the common law.*Bev.EUjah Wfr^ died «i Wlloughby, Ohio,(bund that ba bad pledged tbe furs for #1$ at a and at length Brass stroek Um about the head and j«. Forialea HO. «« BROADWATXw^rJStaaaal.atUe'alaekTO-DaT,E^ttwUataadisc thetm-It to not quite ewy to see, moreovef,Hr. DouoLiS pro|>oee« to punish cooBpiiacies to cmay itoiilloiw. either in Territories or in BMn,.>iid we piesmDe he wonld advocate noyears.face with a blm 8lniig.shot, so violeatly as to renderan election ? What to the National Exe- Unitedpart sf theediUea Ibr thieawak»«• savedrao* Mr,einjmMto Committee, of eiOier party, bat a ptr-State* aodarPcvsldent Va> Buanr, died thisTllfWSUTFlt—loss 1175,000.prisoner resides at No. 20 Barling-slip, and keeps a junk-shop at No. 8 Depeyster-street.Youths' ClothlDg, Gea«'«Fnn*hlDgG»d„ Ladles' and CUldraa's Misses WarAokes,to carry elections in Statef EmigrantAidSocieties,—BlueLodges sad kindred organizations are aU andA SAO UISTAKZ.AinUA a UtUe Eeoiwoeib,Canal-street, was poisoned onLadlesB'oys' SobsaApChanbrs.jnanrnf conspiracyereiybrick nn^treet, which extends through to No. Ill Fulton-street, aad Is occupied by Mr. Roaxat Bonras,PoooMB wffl preaent a general law for the pre-be a power in earnest In the working of oar Fire De- partment. To the successes achieved at the severefirst as well as the entire was AHOTHIB VICTIII TO THI HUDSOB BmS KAIL- discovered bidldlng,'ventioaofallTlotenceandWaar.'kvRO»B fc TOUSEY. K».at elec- tkMM, State and lerritorial, we shaU be very _ka|fXtocodperatewithhimforits enactment.lb< Dovaioa apparently aims 'to secure out the enooaragemcDt of obvloui resultsLASIKS, OBNT8 MBit B0T8,^ ^fnOk Um Federal Ooremment a law guaran-ooneipoDd-street fiie, two or three weeks ago, and the enginejury, who viewed the body, after which the inqueii was postponed until next Wednesday.AmeeHents.WiNTHi Gabgkn.—TheHxaoR'a "Lesbla" have been attended with goodLadles, ttr It. ForsalabraUdracglatiaalparfaBwnuXCLWITE OF BERBirAUl lasUl^ OUT TBOSOAT MlWill esBtalD aa OrigiaaSItaa.- ttm JAXaa RB88BI.& -^^^'-^t"**"**in slaves against theft, abdnc- ttoa, or any of the risks to which all property istbe steamer of the ValleyCompanywhich is38, locatedin Ann-street,isWkeelerdkWtiaaB>8BewfafIWarlHwiai They are the hvorltes {or fi iafUss —Jlinss.we prekr them lor asst—IWi—SiUtingjimpntj" Uanhattan" and tbe lltUeForge Hose Company about twelve each. To;-This is going adeal too far. The Slave States have no right to aak for such a guarantee at the hands of the and the General Qovem- ntent has no right to grant it, whether asked foriMliigilat^ oootiadlctiiig-SOTOCignty in this matter. He holds that—prapertyofailkinds, slavepropertyincluded,—4Mith in Territories and insay good dlreclly accomplished. It Is obvi- ous that. Indirectly, by saving the strength of the fire- mea, they have been the means ol preventing a veryrepetitionsofKiaeWrittan azyraaslr ftr«rpouti everywhere.greatnothingof the'Cleneral Governmentdisastrous as the fire In the confiagratlon,He. is Oedar-at.not only the cooperation of thewedded to t.T' bright and romantic aspect of things, yet curiously -ivershadowed by a sense ofwhich property, includinga amount of largethat the Society was In a flourishing condition.it is Mr. out of Walooi, who, beingDa^ration,destroyedno less that tenis an exception,to himself or the author. The '' Romance of a Poor this;Ledger Building must have been, If they had had to grapple with It when worn out with the labors of a day andT. O. addreas,Bez No. I.60t.— eiflMr a St^te or a Territorial government may, 1)y frtendly or mifriendly legislation, strengthenBr. Kank Caattauiea ta Apply His KasUeak- enre Tnua with saeeess, in effectmc permanent esres for which good oflSce the City Is Indebted to those story brick structure, occupied on the first floor as a theatre. Mile. Zoiaba, the equestrienne. Is said to be ef Hernia or Raptu re at No. a Vesev-st. Ladies waited professional axle-breakers, the Harlem Kailroad Com- prlntlng-toom by Mr. Bosnsa, proprietor of the New- a toy. The scandal has existed from the first, but has poBbvafcmalaiB private rooms. Tmsaes of evarr dwcnptionforpermanentretentionofmpbtre,batltingJAKES BI^SSELL LOWKiL, GEORGE B CflCKTBS,iQOBllie local law for its security,and thata volunteer, having been put on duty by the builders,No. 48 Ann-street and No. 113Fultoo-streat,a four-Isaightlycrowds the-or weaken thatwithout inter- rightiul$20,00a This week's issue for the country circula- only recentlypublic,exposure, trast>eial,k luppsrters, shmlder-braces, saspensory banda- commencement of the enterprise zference fiomaecnrity any quarter.—At a the Committees on An- meetingof EgyptiantlqolUes of the Historical Society, held at the houseof Mr. F. Da PxTSTiB, a resolution was re- adop^dquesting the sub-committees to commence work assurgical apolianoas scientllleally applied, by UAK8H k CO., No. 2T«s«T-st.. Astor Heas«.«ew'Y<»k.Ifew unilers and t:rmate alt eontrOutorsfromthe country have been secured. •""* ABLE EUROPEAN WRITERSwill also contribute to our regularlyfmrOHWhere, then, does he find any anthority for converting the Fed- eral Government into an insurance office forjdave property in tbe Southern States ?All these are the things beyond scopefor theweretotallydestroyed. TbebasemaiU,secaod,tiilrdaeatAUty law between the several States whfeA the condition of the country requires-^ffhat is wanted—and all that is wanted—Mercvry building." was BesidestheUMIVBBSAi;CTMKBRNo. 42> Broadway.-is a one State JromOMother, tomakeconspiraciesandor- taoiaatienB for sadi a purpose crimes againstpaperprinting material were consumed.faultlessly produced. Wallack's Thiatek.—The "Romance of a Poor Y'oimg Man" enters on its second week to-on the subject of its merits, although these merits areTo-Nigfat, nt 8 o'clock.! Prof. Fowler I,ac- tnres io Mailcal HaU, corner of Orange and Fulton sta, Brooklyn, on How to Bead Character, andlew toarmed irteasions2.' Alexander H. Stevens, D. Dudley FleU, Walter Langdon.correspeadeasa,tiie IMeralwidely different to what of late have been5. Stewart Brown, Charles R. Degen, Alfred PelL will be immediately procured, thus causing a delay eonaldered essential to dramatic success. The Batekolar*a Badr I>ya> WI«8 aai Vaivaee.—prtvent —ofof a success almost an-PiiilosophyEditorlal articles, the coamerdal and finansialGovernment,and topunishthem H. McCurdy. oneof the TnoiPi,proprietors,states thatnew typetfaoB drBIed for the of porposesured.——jACKSOa Allxs. At New-Rocbelle, Westchestsrcorruptionfires In Broadway, Prince-street,and, most of all, In Beekman-straet, the axparieace of the past forty-elgkt hours has added two othan. The"at BROOKS', No. an Bieadwar. aad Ve. i* FuMia-at.Barrr'a Trieayhaiwaa Is tkeT»B IWBBPBHUMEABLT »M« NEW aVnCKM. '^8mightjnst as well be expectednight on the burning vessel. We think thesaences most convince the Department that steam Is afriend, if they choose to adopt it, and that. If they tlngulsbed. Alter the majority of the firemen badwish to maintain their present organization, they had left the spot, the alarm bells again rang as fire had pB Wednesday the theatre will be closed for neces- Raritan Canal " Bonnd Broolc, New-Jersey, Oeo.S, other«riiot.to insare houses in New-York against incen- ^ariea aa to insnre slaves in Vir^ia againstCongressexperi-was abont two hours before they were entirely ei-mnch better make a filsnd than an anemy of it. been discovered in the building No. 4G Ann street. sary rehearsals, and on Thursday Mr. Stoast will 18si>. Tne undersigned having thoroogUy tested theTBBseduced to run away. Mr. Douglas isMany of them, we are glad to see, are already con-It was extinguished, however, with but little diffi- culty. The following Is a correct list of the occu-:Brldgevater Fame for tlie last eight years, pranooaces U tbe tKst mineral paint now in nse for the hulls and decks ot vessels, tor darability, elasticity and eeeao-_ JACOB SHDRT8,RELIGIOUS WEEKLY IN THX CODBTBir can otfei anperior attraetioas: HENRY WARD BSICHIB,'his owntheoryofvmced, as no less than four companies havearms, (under miUtaiy oompaaies,great body of the Northern States, but also that:hangings, occupied the second floor. Loss materialism. The part i^an extremely dllEcult one, Louis Peugnct, No. 11 Bank-st.force years beforeA public meeting will be held at Cooi>er Institnte OK THURSDAY EVENING, Feb. 2, at 7)4 o'clock, on wlilekoccasion addresses will be delivered on Weman^s CantpeaplnlAE^jnBrif petrfotie|q;priAcB& Mi^jrgaryare doWn tluoagh asleehaBce or trlbalalloo; tu surance Messrs. Baetos--H-J-^B er remains wni trc taken to Kockland County for in-to take care of God's the fourth floor. Loss about on it the rarest delicacies of manner MAFES.in the22d year of his age. Wmter, praying them to take measures to iabmit to tks/f-^/lA Chaptex nk trs LsosaB.||^Bonxx, of the Ledger, who has been the eauieStates,dependshasdonesuchsignalserviceonseveraloccasions,isruins,NiBLO'sGabdbn.—Cook's still the attraction here, andmotives which he noiw be denied him.paperand needs not only ari but womanly tact and graceBaisLiT.—In this City, on Saturday morning, Jan. 38,"seDutlooa," hasOn Saturday aftemoon the Ledger;The cause of the fire Is unknown..Seymour, arc reauested to attend tiis funeral, at the a voice in the enactment of ta vs by which they are to ka lous episodes of Ihc heroine's career gives us an Idea West Farms Presby ttrian (^urch, this day, (Monday,! goTcmrd. Also, that tney witl sevnrs to mairted-eftoone himself.fcoilding was literally eviscerated by a terrible con-manyjust experienced the njght Is dark about her : it helps the sick to get veil, the wanderer to find a home, the unemployed toand having helped them, it stands dis- charge. The annual report which was reat) showedAof a pride not altogether unbearable. .Mrs. Vsasos as Jan. 20, at 1 o'clcck, without further invitation.Bf.uss.—in this City, on Saturday evenins. Jan, 38. Heset Bxcss, eldest son of Hester and the late MartinKomen their earnings, and tbefolland entire eontnl aC all property helongmg to them ; and make the rights of the wife over the children the same that a husbandcylinder- services. presses. Fortmiatply, however, for the mightyThe remainsarmy ol his snbccriben, th» greater part of Mr. BoBKn's edition for the current week was saved, -and there will be no delay in the distribution of the paper. We should be disposed to add an ex- pression of our sympathy with our contemporary in this severe calamity, were we not convinced that, wHh characteristic energy, he will convert )t into an absolute advantage, and that what ^rould prove a catastrophe in many another enter- -prise will figure simply as an incident in the his-tety oftheXeig-er.£<ot]snd, aged 37 years, 1 month and 5 days.Eev. Dr. Joskfh Addisok Alexander, Pro- Stmun in the Theological Seminary of the Pres-feyteiianFrow the Home Journal.He vras the son of Dr. AxCHiBAU) ALixAHDiB?and grandson of Rev.Eveningknown as the blind AjmiS, was the pastor of the Nineteenth-streetSabbath School Missionaby Association.JAXIS preacher.ofWaddxll,as well as awater which two steam-tugs, with their donkey-are invited to attend the fu-and ad- neral, from her mother's residence, No. 320 Bigh-st., to- and address withlthesalncrlber. at room No. 4 igalaVirginia,bent hersails, which,quantityorruriningBoard of Park Commissioners, at a late hour FridayThe friends ofthefamilyPiesbyteriandaath last Stmmier. Dr. AddJsoh Alsxavdibary at that place. „RECENT WOR&8 OF FICTION, Published byUnivenities. He spent a season at the Universi-Habt.Bisaiob DorotAS ir Tows.—Among thosethe pier with all Its yards, which,AHT KKCKBATION8.This valuable book for the past week has bean oat ofItkacywenl J. E. TILTON k CO..Bost0nand returned to this coun- try to accept a Professorship of Oriental LiteratureThe Gnil--reI^cod Commissiocers. appointed by ths Governorof ths Slate ef Delaw&roto luperinteadthsties of Halle andin the fall. many pieces byTheological Seminaryat to which Princeton,ths kUswiag are the Bombers drawn this day DELAWARE LOTTERIES.Brtr* Class, No. 47, Jon, 28. M«8.45, 35, 14, 10, 7, 24, 69, 25, 20. CUus N*. 48, Jan. 28, I8«0.andotheryhii. that institution hewith someBerlin,llsell, were brokenTbe vessel was owned by Mr. Wm. Ttsos, of South-Jacob A. WistiaviLi in was 1,310 Mr.Douslasmade waabuiltby 1855,made to him by the leaders of one or two of the del-prTinhti,saTnhirldart^r-ediotridoenrshasreboenehnacnodnstiodfeirlla.bly improvai^ia the)>« had been appointed during liis absence, andcontinued,changes in the title of his professorsliip, up to thelime of his death.Dr. Alexakdib spoke almost all tlie modemChattasoosa, Tenn., Jan. 27. Jobs Hozt, Adams' Express Compiny, New-York—^Mr. Boaa»$20to help himself ; it helps a sister to feel her way when Loss about $1,000 ; fully Insured.Insured. Messrs. Host bestowspopularrecently It Is noticea-expressly for this establishment by Mr. Josipn Jsrrxa- tained,' so far as they could be ascertained. Tne BOiT. Miss HxaoN, Mr. J. W. Wallace, Mr. Gsoxok my.'languages of Europe, and as a scholar in Orientalliterature had no superior in this country. His dlFcharged, cured or relieved, 42TiBOii refuses to state In what companies.PARIS FANCT GOODS, which oomprise in part :FREKCH AND CHINESE FANS, in greatSILK NETS, COIFFURES, AND HBAD-DBvKaSrsieftty. FANCY HAIR PINS AND OuMBS—new styles. SLIDES AND BUCELES, of steel. pearLjot andgU GILT AND STEEL JEWELRY.Critical works are keen distinguished by\males, 220;analysis and by bold and original views. His commenta- Jies on Isaiah, Job and the New Testapaent havea fireNo. »4S« Assistant Superintendent Adams Express Company, Otrenlars, eoatalnlns aeibemmhad a wideica. ' He was retired hi his little in generalnot insured.DBESSBUTTONS. GARTERS. GUARD CHAINS.circulation,Peter H. Folsom, recently a clerk infamily.;WUmlagton, DaL,AagBsta,8«.PURSES, BRUSHaS,bothMr. Tread- well's bakery In Pearl-street, was apprehended on mingled Friday night on charges of forgery preferred by sev-Damageabout $200ACCORDEONS, &c. to ths attention of buyers Is respectfully solicited.whi^In Europe and Amer-»r ^IK-DTBINO BBTAB-Privatesa-andjoined tka NnK.T«k.ered. ball, answer."'* Taos. KxATue^cylinder presses oa which it has***a prMM. A Issa*Jsnary, at Out age of M CnfticBeeBorethaBkaUaoeatoirwasof nosnd the young woman was likewise hald to"v^e.nl°e!d.f'USiI*hVe"r** when he waiaterposedtotdMepfenn-d violence, unableCard !• the VmMU, traction by Are. oa Saturday alght, PaXEHrtOBT BALK.Iks t«a draa-eomaca order of talent.Car nuotira.]himself, Baunkilled oDIrlgbt. Tbe parties previous to tbe oeoor-Hon. JoBipS Habpxb, a member of the State noon of erysipelas. He has been but a few days ill.Bonnete,Ladles' and GhUdren'sCITY INTELLIGENCE.ber of drotunstaaees to enaUe the flames to conspiredpocket, which were all labfed, but she, not being able to read, mixed arsenic instead of magnesia with the rhubarb.fire on the Jote /. was ose B»]fdBIST Ain> OHKAPKBT ASnOLKslroyed, bad Its engine rutaed at the Beekman- City. Coroner Gairmr, of Sing Sing, summoned a INa, FBKSERTINO AND BESTOKIRa TBM HAIB. VBl NEXTBIHCX TBEIng to tbe arnonnt of labor bestowed. Thera " worked about nineteen conseeuUve hours ofapplied to be famished with steamers.of the building destroyed, and of the losses sus- names of the insurance companies which hold policieshowever,yet belongsble,namedasengines alreadyProprietorofFranklinLine,RaritanCaCompany own their engine"could not be as learned,the safes ofthat no one of the^tothe''The ManhatUnprominentcompany, Royal AmphitheatreDepot Ne.WHtTTIEB, STOWI,in place of the ''Storm,'' disabled by a broken axle,deserve it. It is not thrown away upon tlulftless beg-cupied the first-floor. Loss about $500; fully insured. E. J. EvuxaicB, dealer in optical instruments andTt;eaday, 31, o'clock A. U.. from the residence of her grandfather,City.on thesome of theand others lelused to elcc the loformalion aslted for.Maides-Uae, New-Tork.;theproperty partiesburned out are still In the; it is not scattered with a reckless prodigalitywhere penury Is the fruit of idleness and crime, But it eomesliketheGoodSamaritan,toliftupthosewho about$200find a placeBURNING OF A PACKET SHIP. $200,000 WOETU OP PBOPEETY CONStlMKP.Mmr,^MTOgue is very good, and, indeed, all the char- acter^ are sustained with moie than the average ability of the talented artists at this Theatre. If therescendants of tbe early fire worshipers. The changes tugsPf.TiE Oassevoort, only son of John J. and llary E, and examine It will lirfnmlsht#by religious teachings himself and other missionaries were forcibly and elo-were finally relinquished. The tugs were then at- tached to the clipper-ship Dreadnaught and other large vessels, which were lying at the same pier, and after much and uiSiculty, occasioned by the icefioer. and set some on fire. a clothing Fortunately,Lincoln.—At Elizabeth, N. J., on Friday, Jan. 27, Luke Lincoln, in the «6th year of his ajre.inany styleof specimendesciorpeide.s. hmdingquently portrayed. The Press had found its wayneighbor discovered the accident, and extinguishedsubssribefaamong the people, and religious papers and tracts,Church at Princeton, N. J., died at that prepared by missionaries, were now scattered broad- in tlie del^ywere hauled off to of—The alarm atFuneral services at Ko. 42 West .fersey-st., on Mon-cast. In conclusion be urged that but a tithe hadbeen done of that which fthould be A accomplished.safety. Meantime, evervthliiR movable, such as the cabin- furniture, boats, '&c., had been removed from the burning ship by the police, and a gang of riggers un-in a bouse on Van Buren-street, near Bedford-avenue,which was with a few buckets of water. extinguishedare respectfully Invited to attend.Beeisthall.—Iq Newark, on Saturday, Jan. 28, in her}Yom the New- YorkThe Library Editicn, in clearness andcollection and benediction terminated the exercises.36th vear.Lizill a., youMCSt daughter snd the late Rev. Thomas Breintnali.of S.AugastabeautyFourteenth-street Presbyterian Chorch,comprising and the pumps,had tlirown into thejourned sine die.Bnuiding. New-Yorkmail, J. F.Post-oSae,who called on Senator Douolai on Saturday, at theOreeawleh-street.iBOLIAATSb" Niagara," whichJoasAH and other appear in tbe cast.members of theli" Broadway.JOHN 6. HASaiET BIEOHEB"Niaga-No.out of repair. Both these Companies, In consequenc*lello,rence had bad no diflSeulty. Baxsss'EnrST D. OiLPW, Attomey-Oeneral of the THI LISOXB, MISCttaT, ATLAS AID 8PIBIT Of IBS was iskfn mto custody, and ia now in the TombsM3Bro«*waT^DIAIH or Ho». Hiaar n. oitpw. PsoAnnratA, Sunday, Jan M.I oj urlei made It neceBjary for him to have a physician, but at he con- tinued to grow worse, his assailant oa Friday nightmorning.DKAIB or X HIXBZB OF TH« inW-JMSlT LKIB-LATtTRX.Taaaroir, N.J., Satoiday, Jan. S3.about out on tbe second floor of theTesterdsymorning,IJ o'clock,a fire brokeSaaaH Baits.BOKHlR has made saefa arraa«-«a»ati as win frcna*No.48Agirtresiding Friday nightlegaljvatifiabie, proTided they restrict ^mselrea Legislature from Gloucsster County, died this after- the proprietor of the Ledger, and Messrs. Wrmcoot for ihobark and magnesia. The tequest, held by Fait,dayto legal means and modes of action. Menkantarlghtto "conspire" to carry an elec-tion, trtheydo net resort to force or fraud fortte aoomiiiMiment of their object If Mr. TBI Btzam Fiai EnoiHiS.—Steam is getting to made to check them. Theflooron which the fire was A verdict of accidental death was rendered.MBWSPAPERS IN A BLAZE.of which has bt»n redno^ to . ttc* prices a. iStwS^SmlmouiuSida Imnedlats pardwsers.Sale coanencinrllONDiT, Jan. 30 awalilBg the result of his vlcthn's Injuriei. The Laces and XmbrsMerles, Farasoli. msiery aad Gloresgain fall headway before efiieetlve efforts could bealltheywaatearlystored with printing paper, and there were, unfor- timately, no large engiaes in the immediate vicinity. Some time elapsed befbre the Manhattan steam en- gine and the more powerful of the bind engines, Nos 6 and SI could reach the spot. Company No. S,BOAO COLLISION.Mr. Wm. J. Cost died at Tarrytown, on Friday, lacoasequence of the injuries he sostained on the 19th Inst, by the collision on the Hudson River Rallrosdi near Sing Sing. Deceased carried on the manufac-Ab< deslnbia Ibr Whitar •verrthlagM BWa,it arrived. The beat soon great;Satarday beingbetter strongpaiitsYorkZ.«cf«r. HislossIsabout$30,000; insured forpany. been madeP^OOTOB.Tbe Editorial Corps which was engaged at theD;Equahtyby BBECHEB,foar-ttoiybuUdIngat No. S3»Boja" sod HiU, XobSeIsralas'd/ancyHalubbbcx ft Taoius, steam job-printerB. A num- Coroner Jacimaii, developed the fact that Mrs. Esei-1/ t»-»»T, *U1 •* TO-lfORRQrw ItOtU 'UNO.of thosefires," calUoK for wearing and protracted work, with- whose house Is almost opposite the buUdlng de ture of packing boxes at No. 46 Marion-street, in this FoTDKEssnie. BEAunmNO. ofcEAiairs, tnxu-cottonapparatas, and wore vfrtuallyUmOiOSes No. Mi Bieadwar, New-Tork.The dlstingiEishsdAmertnurnd^ "inferiorcrippled. Assistant Engineer Cazsoa slatlaned Com-wereuiingpany No. g opposite the burning building as soon as-.eomnelled the fire- men to retire from this position, but they immediately took another, and threw two powerfnl streams on the burning structure over the No. Ill Fulton-any previous night.ThettaPtJL Ol xvxBi Hooaa. KanataotaredbTFob sili avasrvaaaa. H. 0. SPALDING k OO.buildingstreet. BythistimethesteamengiaewaswellatCualwork, and though the flames were soon subdued, itand thePlTSCHASI or THK ABBOTT EOTPTIAir UdSimi. tion had been mailed on Saturday, but about 80,000 strange to say, seems to please the management. If ges, elastic itoeklngs, knsa caps, anUets, aad allcom- $61,000, In various City Insurance amounts ranging from $1,000 tolowingaretheCommitteesI. Frederic de Peyster, Jolm D. Clute, Charles P.good. The second form of the current number of the New- 4. Robert B. Mintam, Jotm David Wolfe, Robert York (old) Spirit of the Timea was destroved, but CoLIn a few minutes. RETAIL PEICK $5. LIBERAL DIS-CUE KARXET AEFOBTS AfDare under the charge of a special Editor aad-TItisconfidentlybeUevedthatanysingleof ttie paper, vis.: tbe Sermons of Rev, Henrr Wbl. Beecber, the contributions of any oiu of irnr spsrlsl SM tributors, the domestic or foreign tkp-of the amount of raised at the subscriptionsia The printed in the base-theatre Is crowded nightly, and tbe interest of tiiepiece promises a long succession of prosperous busi- (with complete instroctions.) postage nail. Saad for aPXICES^CEEmadjournedmittee meeting on Friday evening, Feb. 3. The fol- " New-Yorkaly. 'pre-ham M, Cozzens.*bA heading an insurrection of her slaves. II. Henry E. Plerrepont, Rev. T. StalMiSrowas, be worth•alyplastwhat* Umm anand had invading Virginiacob AstoT. Jr.10. WUliam H. Appleton, Richard K. Halght, Abra-;owned the which was building,MARRIED.dkSUb waa a crime against Virginia, but not Benjamin D. Sllliman.12. Benjamin R. Wiathrfw, Andrew Warner, Her-«gtinBt any other State, nor against the Fed- rit Trimble.$15,000.$10,000.EUkst CcnAVT jAcxaon to Sakah EuxAiini, daogMerj^,eral Government nnder anyahonld be a crime against the wholeIt need not ba bronght within the techiU-—-cal definition of treason, but it should be13. Benjamin W. Boimey, John Jay, George T. Strong.somewhat damaged by fire, and the FiUton-street endboth fire and water. The stock ofby drugsls damagedstory.delighted with Its dramatic garb, and astonished; for, considering that the story is written in a style almostUr. Dahizl G. Epseelt, of Oonklrk, to Hiss LncixnA B., daughter of Livi Rislet, Esq., of Cedar Rapids.some of the most respectable firms ta tke ooaal^. large dipAt,existinglaw. It country.Pifbiishing Committee—William C. Bryant, Henry T. Tuckerman, W. Wright Hawkee, W. C. Prime.NO. 40 MPRRAY-BT. NEW-TOI«WATCHBB-G«I,D AMB. SEbTRK WATCHES^—The tenth anniversary of tbe Chorch Brotherhood jaade a Ugh crime against the whole country, was held last evening at St. Thomas* Church, comerto the extent of $500, and Is insured.The four-story building No. 44 Aim street, sufferedmorning,Jan. 2T, sge.:ness. Itis actedand splendidlyeiicuiar.CO.,». William K. Strong, Beniamln H. Field, Jolui Ja- whose loss Is uninsured " Coach-FERB-FKOeVto the extent ofthoatoaimat the forcible overthrow of the of Broadway and Houston-street. There was a nu. by Mr. Boimxa, and the New-York Atlas and Pktertij:,andspiracy for such an object, any organizationmerous attendance. Rev. Dr. MoaoAir, Rector of the Church, preached the discourse from St. Luke, lOtbWestSSih-st., on Tuesday, at U o'clock A. M., without further invitation.manner by tbe finast London and Geneva- siiilaisahoaneaaaaiofState —con-severelypunishedbytheFederalGovernment. If Senior Douglas will limit his etfortsto the enactment of such a law, will undoubted-theysume all the burdens of the poor or the unfortu- $30C0, to cover a loss of $200.theatrical Intensltv. TbeTransfiguration, 29th- St.. near 5th-av., this Broadway, Barclay and Can&l-fltB. (Uonday)of thewith the paper for next week's Issue, and the presses,credit in acopiespresent week, togetherIscent, we fail to perceive It.Ledgertheredeception not altogether de-and fourth floors were occupied Messrs. byBouecicault'sBomethlns L£ii,columns.The Commercial and Flaancial Department will IWthxoop, Haixziibzck & Thomas, steam job printers, aad theyCompanies, $2,500.mentoftillsde8troyed,216reamsofwliiteThe proprietors of the Mercury think $5>)0 will cover theirloss, $1,000 of VI bich Is Insured in the Park In-COUNT TO THE TRADE. t)rder8 by mail sapplied.of the ''sensation" horrors with which we have so zme," published by E. M. SraATTOir, loss $200, uidn- long been night-mared. Without any pretense, andSVBARM8WILDBB PATENT 8ALAMANDXK SAnH.founder,estimated toSevi^teenand a half years in nse. OfTwelve 1juredin the Uthlyers of the medical profession, are respectfully invitedilakert' Maga- Mr. Gioiex Bacci, the well-known type$200,inand also by Mr. T, Ttlxs, printer.chieflywater,$500.It ieoccupiedanyibritsaccomplishment,shouldbepromptlyand planationoftheobjectoftheorganization,hesaid D. manufacturerofprinters'Ink,hasanin- Is judicious and thoroughly well-bred—the ston, aged4yearsand4months.-mthnitjany single:who are in bad stock destroyed to the amount ot $500, hut are Insured. Mr.Messrs. Bbocixtt and&I1LI.B, binders,admirable way In which It is acted. Mr.—youngest daughter of Dr. F. V. and Margaret A. Jobn-BCSHTON'S FA8TII<X<BSt Oa TROCHES.insured In the Liverpool and London In-a short and severe illneaf, Urs. £lixaafter BaiSLEi,and PoliticalRev. HKNB* WABDperformedto-nightanythought that he would have beenTheeato* stwk ofNos. eat aad <»«BiS'8 BAZAAR.by taking arsenic, which her mother administered by mistakeBora' aadToatta' Soft Hats aad 0»s,.Seat's Hau aad Oast._ »»fcWTaa««ia B«>adw*7,Keep Waraa >< DiT*BOO'rg AND sBon.LKIMINas FOB TR^CUmjSfD BtDOfS, BUCKSKIN OTBBBHOIS,any laterraptioB in tb« deak-rs who de net get their fnUaf ^amf*"* ""^Hassaa-st.WOKTB had several of powders in her paperssa»" " the house cmBpmUtmm'm Fiepared OIae«VHB ZMBBFBNBBM*. >lso, a SarmoB bom HENRY WARD IMXCBBS.successprobably than onemotional interest of the play readily converts the lachrymose to the true Svikw standard of dramatic filth. NoveltybeingtheorderofthedayattheWln- ttr Garden, it ia annoonced that "Lesbla" will only betwice more—aadhullssoundanddurable. Beadtheeightyears'ex-INDEFSNSBmVandproduce anew version of "Oliver Twist," preparedLacbaKxkhx'sThbatbb—Mr.highly successful adaptation of Scort's "Heart ofNew I—A BIMI£a AKD OACQBearly as tlie 26th inst., and be ready to report the estimate their loss at about $80,0C0; Insored for Mid-Lothian" is still the great attraction here. The either tide, applied t^ any Sewing Mmclne, by any one. tlnue to be made a special feature in the paper.with the3. Luther Bradish, John A. Dlx, Dr. Samuel Os- usual, at noon to-day, notwithstanding this disaster. paralleled. There has not been a dissentient voice flaence on human character. To close with public ex- Bent, market reports or prices emrrent, aresurance Company. The will be paperissued,as nlghtipretigtProofs of The Temperaments, their in- Phrenology—i^-accordingly. Jobs Bbown organized his expe- 6. George Folsom, Jacob Harsan, Henry T. Tock- of but a day or two in the issue of the paper. The consideration which the piece has obtained from This celebrated •stabusnsiaat is reaavsd to No. U TasHB—$2 per annum, In advance, orbytatt—dttioa«# MBiHoraaedin the Northern States. erman.In this same were building,the;Bead-st. Twalve private rooBS ftar the apoUsalios of rier. Also, for sale by all news agents.agabist Virginiaother*' BrwUtreeVa Commereialwhich lose $3,(00, insured for $1,500andteaoeamdoobtedly,) for that object,—recrolt-fie.pieenied mAeyfalseunmistakably a8. August Belmont, Geo. W. Pratt, Hamilton Fish. and CkiUren'M Cabinet, published by J. N. SriAaxs, mestic drama, and seals also, we trust, the fate7. Caleb O. Halstead, George A. Robbins, John A. C. Gray.Report,^proprietors of Utrry't SluievnBATOHKLOA^Vigs propsilr aadacstead anlAddrceiJOSEPH 10. RICHARDS, Pablisbar. No. f BeekiBan-«t.,irev-To^8AVBS. HABTEM'Bpublications printedPresssense of the beauty and value of the do- aad TonpasshavsiBpioveiMntB over all. This is thstheingIndicatesreturn- his Hair tks best extant. Dye,...SKl wise In fresh wounds, ance Companies, Messrs. Maqncs, Beoihcrs occupied ble sympathies and progression of the plot. Mrs, MAras.-In this City, on Saturday, Jan. 28, Joint H. A petition will be presented to the Legislature tfals-aanr wayssmitten and sgnagllng children. It helps a brother Babtos <t MooiiiT, printers, occupied the fifth floor. and bearing, and even in the most annoyingly queru- His relatives and friends and those of his father, Jas. people an ameodmentof the Constitution, giving wometi.^ * ^^^^Sox,andJn feeble hands It would be a hindrance to thewire of WiD. J. in the 49ihre*rBrisley, otharage,<feand Mr tkose who are bniteted and orciiplpJ tha ttaira floor. Loss about $300; insoxsd tif BioiHe Bad dissppolnt'ment for $3,000 in the St. Nicholas and Exchange Insur-Company.printers,to renaer It conspicuouslypleasantly Important.palpa- terment this (Monday) morning.Mrs. LUCY STONE,Hon. BOBEBT DALE OWEN.;in the 32dliberal collection was taken at the close of the The Liverpool packet-ship John J. Boyd, lying bis line as a gentleman of fashion, fails to do credit o'clcck, fromwhiilsl bleatientr*crBTledenicneG.reXeon.wo16o9d.S^zl a7th-st. bhiusfdbeacnedahseads winfet.heI property and over the children oflast cveLlng at the Church in Carmine-streeL After was promptly responded to by the firemen, and in a teenth anniversarj' of the Brooklyn City Bible Society without further Invitatioa.right to debar her from tbe ballot- Iwi. "-Report of the Select Committee of the Ohio Senate, on Giving ths Bigkt of Suffrage to Women.an opening prayer by Rev. Mr. Hastisos, the pastori short lime several streams of water were entering the celebrated last wasin Asuuiin.—In Brooklyn, E. D.. on Saturday, Jan. 28, Plymouth Church, RicfiAED, jouDgest son of William and D. Asquitb.slip, they placesmorrow, (Tuesday,) at 3 P. M. „ . 3 Alexandee.—At Princeton. N. J., on Saturday, Jan. Church in this City at the time of his" the Sabbath School of that Church and the two mis- served to careen tlie ship toward the dock. The the proceedings of the Board before the Common 28, in the 6lBt yearof bis age, Rev. Josspn AnniEoa sion schools connected with it, celebrated its fourth flames, however, seemed to bum more fiercely in Council anJ the Legislature, for further action. They Alexandee, D. D., Professor In the Theological Semin-the New-Jersey Legislature.brief and formal responses to some of the addresses She was to have sailed for Liverpool next Tuesday. lUtsisslppi Central Railroad—Remaining on Jan. 20, 265admitted to Jan. 27,47;ishingGEO. 0. GORDON,;ing at date, 258CHICEID IN HIS OPIBATIONS.remain-PoUceReporta.broke out on the second floor of the premises Fulton-street, occupied as a dwelling by a GermanSouthwestern Division.Passengers take the 7 A. M. or 6 P. M. trjin fromtor ths afled «r«« of eharge, bj sendmg to.tons burthen, rated A1, and was valued at $60,000.HerWllKLT EEPOBT or THX NXW-YOBK HOSI'ITAL. Insured In Wall- street, said, $40,000, it is forLast evening, at 5 o'clock, he relumed to Washington.:CREBLANGE, No. 341 BROADWAY,egations.Tbe gap on Mississippi (ienual Railroad will be fin-died, 12 females, 38.JAS.JAMES DUNCAN.;;IN A DWELLING-HOUSE. Between 11 and 12 o'clock on Saturday night,SEAL, month,IN STABLE S.society. As a preacher, he was eral flour dealers. It is alleged that the accused for I [On Sunday morning, shortly after 1 o'clock, the Railroad to ChattanoogaPreaching always from written notes, he was sel- a time, for which be would lender a check, drawn owned by Aanasw Lsast, were set on fire, and were V, ith the Jackeon and Mississippi Central Railroad, di-iiablts,fire-engines,hold,City., anniversary last evening. During the past year tbe spite of all effoits to subdue them, fed, as they were, recommend th». adoption of three large parks— His funsrai will take place at Prmceton on Tuesday,"was bom on the 24th of April, 1809. He graduated receipts of the Association hare been $683 34, most by a large number of barrels of resin and bales " Rldgewood," " Prospect HIU" and " Bay Ridge"—a Jan. 31, at 2 o'clock P.M.„,„„D. APPLETON k CO.Nos. 348 and 3M Broadway.at Princeton in 1836, receiving the first honor and of which has been already expended. The Manag- of cotton, which formed part of the cargo, "Parade-Grotmd," and several small parks..Kiso.-At Waterfbrd, Saratoga County, N. Y., on bEVKN YEARS. By JuUA Kavahaob. IvoL, laiaa.and altbongh the firemen didnot relinquish— Mortality. There wereMonday, Jan. IS. Mr. Cbaelxs E. Eixo, of consumption, 60 covets, n cents.pronoimcing the valedictory at the graduation of ers' Report stated that, in addition to supporting a work untilIlia class. He was soon after appointed a tutor in missionary In Nebraska, Rev. C. C. Goss, the Asso- extingnisked, tbe ship is almost irreparably dam- Men, 36 ; women, 21 ; boys, 49 ; girls, 33 ; adults, 67; eeltor, with the Albany State Register, and also with ":fire wastliat College, a which he declined, and united ciation had contributed $100 to tbe Fourth Ward Mis- aged and the cargo Is completely destroyed. The children, 64. Males 85, females 59. There were -22 the Cinciimati Gazette. ^ „, , ^ andj „C.incinnati MARY STAUNTON : Oe, THE PUPILS OF HAB-postwith ProfL BoBEBT B. Patton in the establishmentdeaths by consumption, 18 by scarlet fever, 14 bypapers pleasecopy^Lost) AND GAIN Oa. MARGARET'S HOKE. ;Byentirelysion and dibbuised twenty-nine $10 libraries. Rev. burning vessel was an object of much curiosityMr. Goss, iu an re- during Saturday, to the crowds who thronged to In- exceedingly Interesting address,^r Albany, New- fork, Cleveland.convulsions, ilstilloom, and 109 InflammaUou of the of the Edgehill Seminary for boys at Princeton. lated his experience as a missionary in Nebraska dur- spect her. The First Precinct Police, however, un- limgs. Natives of the United States 111.telbsraph OF THK X-KGAXilZED I.OTTBKIES,WOOD, EDDY A CO., Managers,of theBELAWAKE. OEOKatA, KENTDCXT and ICISSOCBIAlice B- Haven. 1 vol-. 12mo. ?Scents.POPULAR TALES FROM THE NORSE. 1 voL.12mo, $1.Any of these books sent by mal to any address on re- ceipt of tie price.In 1830 he was appointed Adjunct-Professor of ing six months of the last year, from May to October der the command of Capt. Silvsv, were very efficient Phrenology in Bbooklys.— inclusive, lie was followed by Rev. ASi D. Sullu, in pieser\lng order, and preventing interference withernciAL drawings, byProf. Fowlke lAnciHl Laoguages in his alma mater, which post the pastor of the church, who made a few remarks to the operations of the fire department. At one time commences a course of lectures in Musical Hall this%a itigBeA In 1833 to visit Europe, in order to tb£ children upon the necessity uf sustainiug a good the fiienien vere In imminent danger, as the foremast character. The children sung several hymns—some was badly burnt around the deck, and the Asslatact avail himself of the advantages of the German of them original—tmder the direction of Mr, Locics lingii.epr ordered a suspension of operatluns, until It should be rut away. Tbls wasdone and It fell across .-is well as the spir>esterday noon, whenceMAaTHA'Sconsisted of 5,099 barrels flour, 1,000 tierc-es beef, 585 bales cotton, 1,700 barrels resin, 1,600bushels grain, 350 boxes bacon, and 500 tierces lard,valued in the angregate at $130,000. The vessel was ished on the 2»th January, and on Sunday, the i9th,cargo42, 60, 12, 51,BrGHES.DCPUTdcand thence by Memphistouch distinguished and exceedingly popular. several months past has obtained a barrel of flour at frame stables, No. 208 West Twenty-fifihstreet, and Charleston to tlie Grand Junction, connecting tranca tor ladles.Ifightofokiquence he displayed. His losa as anposedof checks on the Bank of New-YorS, City,IN A FUR STORE AND DWELLING.STILI. STANDING.BARTON i SON, No. Ill Fulton-st., Job Printers but BURDSALL'S originsl artiole. Sold bj aB*nbHis funeral will- take ^"An inestimable manual fbr the flatlj of eating should procore this beak."paper, thoughinstructor will be keeidy felt by thewhich he was Professor, and the Church at.will mourn one of its ablest and brightest oma- Folfora was held to answer by Justice BaiiisAH, aftermenta.Fulton- desire to tbform their business friends that the dam- frame age to them by the flre on the morning of the Mth Inst, will not interfere with their busineai arrangemenU. Only a portion of tbeir stock was contained in the building damaged. They will occapy the stores Kos. 128 and 130 William-st., and be ready to execute ordersthe fire ol last night 23.) haa not injured (Jan.seminaryan alarm forers thatthem enough to prevent their going on withness on Monday morning, and that orders for prlnUngin largeDINNERAMDTEAbut Mr.will be run to Ncv-Orleans. Tne fin- cars throughof this road gives us a through route, all by rail, In 64 hours from New-York to New-Orleans. We shall send you New-Orleans papers daily to sup- ply the Press of your City. J AS. .SHUTER,45, SO, 34, 77, 61, 4, 48, 39, 47, 16, 36, 60, 30.WUawa oar hands, at WllBlnstoo, DeL, Jan. 23, UH. selectedupon one of the City Banks, for from $30 to $59, bear- consumed. There were nine horses in the rect to New-Orleans. The connections are close, and BArTOCHPBEIE.FOARC'T8ORT removed to No. 16 Bond-st. ing forged signatures, aswell as acounterfelt Indorsa- entirelyment of tbe bank and receive the difference stable belonging to difl'erent persons, and they were passengers, we axe assured, can depend on making Private hair-dyeing rooms. fv^tahi-^l.dom known to take hia from the eyes1 tunes, high check in good money. In this manner he has dis- $500, on which therebe kept np the interest of his auditors—mlng, tlie clear method, and, at the between the cost ol the flour and the amount of the all rescued uninjureIds.no Insurance.'^'''"SSE^^i^I^Jl.l.-RU^s'^l'^r.'l'NS,pain in the aide or breast, osfore throat, &ca.njdrbla*U !•• few applications. Beware counterfeits, aaaaby the greatcashier, Mr. Liait's loss Is abouttbe time stated.Et.,Broadway and Cbatham Banks, whose worthiessnessgists.was found out onpresentation to the institu-OnSundaymorning,)« o'clock,theirbnsi-onlytions upon which they punxirted to have been drawn.a firePOETICALLY_. 1^he had been fully identified by several of his victims AN ALLIOin BCBGLAB.building, Tbe first floor was occupied as a (or chard streets.BARTON<i SON.vThaaa (KA ^^onAPPLriOBrgS:, Publisher*,9M and 3tg BroadagK-at Princeton onUn. Qiza Lee FoUen, a popular author, died. ago, and a buffalo robe, besides other articles valued the Relief and one other Insurance Company. The aansoal.Snewl'ay next, at i P. H.bakeryMcCirmIck,No. 499store, PoissiB.Loss about $100, and Insured for $2,0(10 inFILES!readpt af arloa.•aysLate on Saturday evening.D. APPLETON * CO.. ngiliBhsf^placeof Mr. Wm. H.a Isaao dwelfing by" Journal, In a notice of her decease She edited for many years an admirable serialcommitteu to answer.•an CNDgSIBABLB visrrOB.Mrs. Elizabeth a widow McCabe, dashing youngonlylS years of age, was apprehended on Saturday^mlly sewing maclilaeSsnt free by mail oa neelnt of price. __. ,.Nos. 346 and ai8 Broal»•»]^,loraUUien, called Tlu ChiUCt and Friend,pubUshed a work entitled the Well- Sftml Bitr, which latter obtahied a wMo-spreadTaos. H. Babiis, residlBg at No. 10 De-who was beUeved to be dying inconse-No. UO BnoUja. Fnlton-st.,StUttimufnm and Ferulm,deposlUonof„^_ Bklrtat Ready Slada aad Olade ta Order As«tA«rSOHBiaOAM.TPBEPABED SLUE dadOCO .OB. DENTAi-tutvrm%She was »nbyUltimate friend of WUllam vletorioe. muff and bonnet, raioed in the aggregate quencereceivedtramGent'sTheEighth-avenue, was entered by burglars a few nightsand the second floor asFn<ES!! FU.ES:!! DB WITMER'S PILE SUPPOSITORY.goodScot free by mailD.Jan. as, at her rasidsnce in Haw. Mrs' at $20, was stolen. Subsequently one Henry Duffy flre originated among some struw, and no cause could BrfMkline, soldtheiiientlcairobetoMr.CharlesDean,ofNo. beiatlsfaclortlyasslanedforit.It Is tmli astonishing No. US Bowery.Baa.ToUen waa the widow of Prof. Charles FoUen, o 136 West and this fact to Thirty-nin'hstreet, comingCollege,) and a daughter of Samuel Cobat, of Bos- arrest on a charge of burglary. The accused wasVO X) ti W 1L M. SIMeUt k 00., No. ASS Broadway, V. T.,VOL, Iteo. 1|y K.Boston, (formerly Professor of History at Harvard the knowledge of Mr. he caused McCormlck, Dufly'sCareners' Inqaeats.REinOTAAi.«.W.k.J.T.MOeRS kOO. Have rsooved to their new sUrs, Nss. SM, 8)8 aad atBroadwaj.Bav-Tout, Jan. t, MM.STICK. TO IT,IfO'araAUTLis is the only aatkerUed vsloms of VorpluMIon. The Bo»teutaken before Justice QoicxsauoBB, by whom he was PBOBABLT PATAt AB8A0LTTheHemming laogea0*c«r stolen a fur peyrterstreet, Jou^an onacha/geofhaving of injurieslast Monday eveningBosia. ~ neisu*. Also, aoomplate rtiasat of_ „, '"igiJJfiKaSriu»-^N5jT5*j^^^^^^voaolad^.EKF^»»l««.»adwa5 weU-knS^ m U,rDnitr at $190, from Madame Polegia Gllnzkoi, of Bo. 6*5 by a slung-shot In the hands of Join «aak«4y tf aMalons adroemu of hli vtowi. 8bo BooatNtltneti wheat she was vlsttUf, aad wba Is Tbe Injured mta stated that ontba *»T InUntitled Document. FuraMi^-jvt.a-fj Ssoodskept oonsrtaatUUy on hud,at 7the Sixth District occurred, in coniequenee ofofon tbe northwest comer of Grand and Or-abreaking out in the cellarthe two-storyof every deactlption UlFulton-st.countries, besides 300 Dodera recelMi. 14to, top. $1 W. gUtaL. a"m"a^B^^^^^_^_ Inaer'iSewlacSlacUaee.No. ZMtrlng BiachlnesNo 1 sewing macliinesWITH A BLtTSO-SHOT. Tbe fkmllj sewing machine, Aa notification was re- celved by Coroner SoHimM to take the ante-mortemwhat wonderful cures Witmer a Pile 8u*bsitory has mada'; persons who were confined IntheirbedsformonthsitcuredInafewdays.Agent,Man" will undoubtedly enjoy a long run. Wardeop.—In Jane Waedeop. wifeon Jan. .xtrs."If our sense of naturalgovernment,both that justifc, and our theory eT agree tbe being who is to sutler under laws shall first persoc-ally asseot t-o them, and Tbe friends of the family, and the Brothers of Sylvan that tbe being whose industry the Government ij ta sary of the Bcudder Foreign Missionary Society of Oflicer RowiA.tD, of the First Precinct, about iH BROOKLYN INTELLIGENCE. Grove Lodge No. 215 of F. A. M..arereBpectfaIly invited burden should have a voice in fixing the character andHiSSIONABT ASSITBRSAKT AT TH« CaBHINI- BisiST pRiBBTTEBiiH Chcech.—The fifteenth anniver-Young,at pier No. 6 North River, and having a valuable as- sorted cargo on board, was discovered to be on Are byCity,the Carmine street Presbyterian Church, tookplace o'clock on Saturday morning. An alarm, soon given, — to attend tte funeral, from her late resideuoe. No. 171 amount of that burden—then, while woman is admitted BsoOKLTN City Bible Sociktt. The nine- Slulberrj-st., this day. (Monday,) at 10 o'clock A. M., to tbe gallows, the jail, and the tax- list, ice have noeveningar.d singing, the ani)ual report was read. In the state- main hatchway, whence the flameJ were issuing. In when addresses were made by Rev. Mr. Ells, Rev.C. His funeral will tahe place this day, (Monday,) Jan. Fui ther particulari given in fatnre advertisement.ment of the Treasurer, it was announced that during a ftw moments, however, smoke and fire burst out ofthe past past year the Society had contributed $262 9d the forward and after hatchways, and it was appa-D. Foss and Rev. Rcrcs W. Clabe. By the annual 30, at 2 o'clock P. M., from their residence, in Kodney-gl. near Lee av. The friends of the family are respect- ,to the Foreign Missionary fund. Rev. Dr. Psbkiks, rent that the vessel and cargo could only be saved has dLstribu'ed 1,672 Bibles, and 1,711 tracts. The re-the first missionary sent out by tbe American Board from total destruction by scuttling the ship. It wasof Foreign Mis^jions to the Nestorlans, miide the found Impossible lo accomplish this at the wharf, thece'pts for the year were $2,748, and the new year is commenced with $73 on hand, besides the collection taken up at the meeting yesterday.—lequence of h'-juries received from a fall, AuGCSTtis Nis M.1XWELL. S"n of Wiiliaai Maxirell, aged 13 years, 6 months and 21 days.Is now completed. It can be obtained In New-Tosk SBlyprincipal address of the evening. He pre- tide being so low that the keel of the heavily-ladensented a fsraphlc picture of his early la- vessel was already deeply Imbedded In the mud, and Fibks. Mrs. Mc8IMM0^s, living at No. 305frcm tbe agent of Messrs. Hickling, Swan k Brawsr, atbors, twenty-five years ago, among the de- were attached to haul her out into the stream. Ilicks-street, retired to bed Saturday night, leaving aHii.i.-'-ln Brooklyn, on Saturday morning. Jan, 28, woExmaynow be seen. The public are invited toew'ObltnaiT.OKATH OF BEV. J. ADDISOK ALEXAKD2B. that have been effected the of Their tfforts to move her were unsuccessful, and lighted candle on a table. The candle fell upon the llill. aged 3 years and 5 days.-rejioTtItappearsthattheSocietyduringthelastyear "Jtillyinvitedtorfbend.Maxwell —in Brooklyn, on Sunday, Jan. 29, in eon-— i-if;nTY-yciT. Horr..- iitoM .^•I;^v-onl.EA^^; 10STATEExpressCompanyinreferencetotlieopeningofthekinds,utoand Alexandria Railroad and Virginia and TennesseeJersey CityWashington;Card.M. WARD, CLOSE & CO., Druggists. No. 116and Engravers, hereby notify their friends and custom-Ric«25oenl».t BRcEfAi^KSFICAASLTLY,, AND ^;:thence theby Orangebj._^ U. * CO.. ««r»ic ot Faltoaaaa Wllllan itiiShoes,InfaoU' Wanlrobes,Ladies' Dader Linen,Ladles' and Chlldien'r Sleigh OtOTss,TaFrapelleraf Bavceet dEe>—Make your decks- tightPraprietara af SteaasbaatatBeata>perience of Jacob Shorts, Proprietor of the Franklinto-morrow, Line of Propellers to Nev-Tork. vift the Delaware and whose naaes alone are a suaoieat gaaraartes Ik* m073Orders received for rcoCsg at Mo. 421HRKMER,T0CKBE,FEL- COUOINSD. just pat- ented,slmple, hemming any width and ihlckness of clothaminat'ons of persons selected by the audience.* Tickets 20 cents. For the comse. $1.worth the*» p«'ei 07 TH» Now is ths time to subscribe.rArzB..slfwith scarcely a situation that can be calledthrilling, here Is at last a play that de- Connty. N. T.. OB Tuesday, Jan. 24. by Rev. R. Hoyt, and 188 have been tested in aeeldental Sras.Insured forNos. 46 Aim-street and 115 Fulton-street, were oc- lights by the delineation of character, and absorbs of David Allsit, of New-Rochelln.Tv invlK purchasers to call sad ezaadae tke oeetlflsalaaa*'cupied by Messrs'. Wasc, Clobx * Co., Wholesale by the human interest and progression of a simple Edokxlt—Rislxt.-At Cedar Rapids, Iowa, on Tues-Druggists. The Ann street end of the building was ' The readers of Fxitiliji's romance will be day, Jan. 17, in Grace Charch. by Rev. Samnel Starr, A anwlaiaut ftir sale at thsextent ofin small amounts, In various City Insurance Compa- epistolalory, the success that has attended itsto theAlINIVZBSABT or TBI CBUBCH BBOTBKBBOOO. nies. The buUdlng, owned by J. D. Bishop, was In- dramatization Is really remarkable, and indicatesperhaps $35,000;Insured for $79,000,DIEX}. CowosE.-In this City, on FridayThe and largestof MsThe funeral will take place on Tuesday morning, atlland theas to tbe property leftof A widow aaby ber husband, tbosame that aBruus,yearage.enjoys,rightsto her children, and:The Library Edition,11 H o'clock yesterday morning, proceeded from a fire C'ortlandt st. at 12 o'clock. Friends and actjuaintaaces have seen from tbe American press.the flames with but damage triflingday,the 30th inst.. at 2 o'clock. Tralcs leave foot ofnight,or sendBox aa. BAILKT, Agent.concluded the business beforethem,A Committee was appointed to laye^enU'g.SEW-TOBK.Fifth-avenue Hotel, were some of the members of street, and Capt. CotniABD waa her commander. She The following dispatch was rcci^ived liy Adams' drawing of tbe Delawars Sute Lottery, do certify that sod is elegantly illu'strated on the suhjeets trsatadl^Knil to Nev*--OrlrnDA. cowi'LLiiox OF rnz connectio."* i.v Missis.sipriI'c-^criptive catalopuensent to spy address. New Ediilon Beady This Day:144 deaths last weekCloth, eeots, paperSaturday. of Wm. S. Wardrop,of 2^, Faiflcy.^oamost splendid assortaeabof TTsfrfcM In the City is to be found at O. C, ALLEN'S. Na. a» The relatives and friends of tlie Qunlly, and the mem- Broadway, one door below Canal-st. Watches takaaJaof the mostMuch of the peculiar charm which attends the per- to attend bis funeral, from his late residence. No. 30 exchange. Watches cleaned and repaired in tka basfrtmobtru-formance of this play must be aseribed to the thor-Jons S, IC. COROXB,of hisstage knowledge slve kind.correct, yetD.,yeu;oughly ListzbIn this City, on Saturday, Jan. 23, Bsssii,and 35th verse—" Take carffofthattheChristianBrotherhooddoesnotseektoas- suranceintheEtna(N.J.,)InsuranceCompanyof emotionalrevulsions clearlymarked, yet free invitedtoattendherfuneral,attheChurchofthe oatarrhaiaffections,kc.Forsale'atBUSHTON'Stoar.fromtide of benevolence all the miseries which may abound to the Chilton estate, was injured principally by whose bearing throughout is that of a haughty, ca Tbsbisk Emilii:, only daughter of Pratte and Louise " Immemorial custom is a tradition among the fsar-chapterhim,"In ex-Wallack'sImpenonatlonof the herothe No. 50 Ann four-story buildingstreet,JonNSiosWaps, The relatives and friends of the arefamily respectAillyForalldiseasestrfthethroat—bronchitis,/cheapnate, or to quench, with a full, alleviating 50 ALn-street to No. lli Fultoa-street, and belonging too, finds a faultless representative in Mrs. Hosr NiDKLlT.—In this City, on Satarday, Jan. 23, Mabix WOBIAN IN THE I.EGISL«>'ni^kThe from No, five-story building running throughherolae,afternoon, at 4 o'clock, without farther notice.ly be crowned with success, and he will obtain in this City but, with a just discernment, the care of water to the amount of $500 insured. Messrs. priclouE girl, accustomed io homage, yetsjusplcious of NlDELXT, afted 2 years, 11 months and 7 days. pure classes, in a country frequented by tile gods, and. ;;—of tlds Society is extended to such as appreciate and Masurt & WmTTOif, dealers in artist's materials, oc- its motiveThe relatives and friends of the family are respeetfollv at length is not to be distinguished from revelatlaa.'* invited to attend the funeral, on Jan. at 10 Institutes of Menu, «i 2.000 Christ.WORCBSTBB'SNEW ENGUSH DICTIONARTs- aoTAL QUAXTO ASnuR. FOB SUBSCRIBERS ONLY,Funeral services will be held at the Fleet-st. M. E.Church, this day. (Monday.) Jan. 30, at 2 o'clock P. M. Boom No, 4. Appleton's Building^ where the OOUXUBaged 23 years. He was formerly connected, as associateHOOKS AMD EYES. 1 voL. iSmo. 3» VEL HALL. 1 vol., 12mo. $1. „„.„ _LOTTERIES. AUTTvOniZED BY THE I,E3I.or,ATCR*.[BATCnBI.OK»9 LlSHXENTrSBOvedtoNo.UBond-st.J. R. BIJRD8AI<I<>8 AKNICA LINIMENTwill be WOOD, KDDT * CO.,:Drawing,Faintingsent by mail, postpaid, b)y the publishers.,The fbUawlng are among the speclsS tributors taeiigKgt0 mm'EDAN DEANwhich is issued foronly, is without exception, the most besutifol apeclasa of tyFograpby and gonersl mecfaanieal exeoatioa wePost.ever issued in this country.Persons wishing to subicribewlll please leave aaaaten's 3,44*,byMessrs. Biskling, Swan, k Brewer, Bestsa.of allFor sale by all booksellers at the low price of $f1 68,are now prepared to offer to the trade a large aad w^ assortment ofIs preparsd £y esmblnine Amleaaith a moet HATRDYE,WIOAND «idpenetrating Fo-JaHofthe:111 be executed with the same dis- patch and neatness as heretofore, at th« oldpla^No.___CALLY, containing numerous dlshas a«d !_1-.•^y '. mGames, and shoold be la the hands of every ca player.^j *s,m.w^^mt Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comfi 