 t»_ jtruststtheprospectwhichgreetedme.Yonwerejustw-a..«*»»tn*inonttrnctten.eappUsatlonofthtoright to nominate Mr. Lincoln, and tf they thought propert>throwMr,Sewardoverboard,theycould do so, and yet sacriice every right to patriotism.perlyrepresentaStatethatsubmitstoblackrepublican60 Mortification S Humps>/'•**"T..,grew*"TL^-•* .,.\ «b*» **-*•• aee"played -It* StarSpanned Banner." »I>V.MX.VWWQ. OFWNSKSSW.%:•sent moment, although the battle was with reference to Douglas and Lincoln. Douglas said st <-i*ton Springs slavery,therewasnoTerritorywithrespwrttowh»h tbathecouldgoanywhereinsearchofhisru-^tur—thecanoeet*6* -»-- \laughter)—bu?that Lincoln dare not visit thegrave** —'toMWMawmentsaldto- pareBrMorthanatheSouth,seeingthatonehadgrosrn bisgrandfather. Eightyeariagothedemoe-attcparty iTmuch superior to the other AIn power sad grandeor. entered on tbe fuU possession or all tbe departments of -«»i«wi i n t hJhe prosperity o r m e this government: therefore,. If t h e government wenti£S*\ '•> m *«sent ftminister to representwasthoproof ofitsnattonalltjt MrDouglasbadfewerrepresentativesfromtooSouthernStatestotheKmventlon A SATISFACTORY FCSIOH to Nnw jBnsxr —At a meetingStatesClrcw.lt£».»*.»**• » «»» H-Onr -hould soootooXeOh*. b«mc «Lr«2Tii *?*~K lj?I *-* * • . AustriangovernmentChat nominated ttm than Abe Lleooln had tn the ChicaroConvention, a n d certainly t h o prtodptes o f A b een Friday snd Saturday test the committees of the Brock- Inrldgedemocrats,tbeDouglas democrats andthe Ben snd Everett party o f New Jersey agreed upon n ticket which to to supersede the anti republican tickets hithertoDBCtSlOMg.OCT 20- J.Gates*et torn G.fiearaalet; *B.6'. Petti! Same « U J. Marchert; Stmt as'. O Seme re. A. Claiutn end rtAert— Theseoases en ssme olartssthose pending to the Northern Mew York, and whlch we have already dltposed of.oeedor. Decree*&?!?*****?—* *•*^wrejo «•Austrtothather *b^powMtou«e» buta patch en tbe earthMsr? " \ U S *»5"» *f*» *•*• renoblto who would e.& * "ft*SKa.H2 , : £ Verofetoed K f alamSisS- Lincoln found more favor to tbe South rasacognise the epeople fighting for their .re- At this time a a h p o f r tode(Tomrnment wi liatfime KotarS!KS^*, i^f l *«r»d S pEnuttog ^•fliaTSed '•Deliver Koteita up or 1 will b ,aham said,(MS tyjBWVbM^wSa^^wttonra BITOKansaslSewpablicawS- (applause) What w u bunting.tby,Xrd your neCoton-apiecewouldbeoffonthe4thofMarchnext Buthehadtalked more of Douglas than he was worth Swedenbors, who lived as much in the other world a s in this, says that h e sometimestawgrosssensuousspiritswhobadbeendead inthefleshthirtyorfortyyears,andhadnotfoundIt/o*n Oibton caJ. Jkrl miVan Slyle and pfaerr; Shane « . G. D. BootMl**11V»T ,have^atbeguntofight,'(Applause) couldnotexistwithoutcompensation Andatthepre- met"withalltheloafersinJerosutSa &>itwaswithall * • **T«r«r of that treat, if 1tha total HoalfaUatloa and or flitoan dajs ago,1ten iv.«. ...teeticoal a n d destructive• •*- -»»»•«« tn'^vLttEL? M*£"ir aid other gallant men in •* ot St. George and *3 T r i m »i»-«i.«d. g ^ day palled downet.WHotihlm endsswSO;Samevt.J.E8m woathatbattleandwhatmoredotheywant?Hewasout.ItwassowithMr.Doogtos.Himselfaadhisfriends elstentoequity.TheseessescamenptotheNEW 1.YOBX . _HFjUTj), All I * nil * • • ' JOCTOBER m -3 0 , 1860.-TKLPLE .: «^^'"'toConrt,tpBthe ttars andst>-*t*-«a» « ISe w 00**? 4 40m demagoguism-(ap- 1 trVe-aStewYolta*^ Tbe trouble with DouglsB was,that he was onwl & J k .^.tee* ,aaeVV*a for theflagatheoountrybis belly when he wasIn the South; that he for tho simple reason that i t coedd not fieurtsh there; aod est ajrt there, s a d professed admlratloa o f t b edistrict. Decree far the plaintiff sad reference to the)the Philadelphia'Prm keeps npits crytofavor of astraight Douglas ticket,inorder tomaketheStatesure Clerk,ascommissioner,totakesaaccountofprofits.IDliV .• - • — * « « « n ^ t y was responsible. And now rences were laid aside. « a aU concurred In the necessity Invoice valuation. The increase of the quantity is*%2*,, WhoaI«toredyemrState,somatwelve -**w^thisooestlonofslaveryoould arise. Hewouldnotcom-But thebouui is...of tbe North. Tbe meeting'rewverlng frcmtheflashofthejvictoriesinOhio,Penn North, andwhyshould not the ftorm .v.,tightattbeCooperInstitute wasoneofthemoetnu- | tylvaniaandIndiana;batasjourPresident hasjust a tbe prosperity and welfare of too South?astray tne ut»>tv.u..... .wallt durtBg the past few weeks. The targe basement to the other, speaking night after night to large manes l»m, which threatened to destroy tbe laud, might ball w i t fairly crowded tea. night, aad extraordinary and | of people, 1 feel deeply enooorsged a n d reassured a t t o e be stayed Tbe republican party m u s \ b e put down— WBdigging totem t was manifested b y the immense nam- ; Bteafoet which is looming up before oe. Thej generous (applause)—and New York can nut it down—(continuedheartt of your people are being touched, l i e masses are applause)—New York bad the votes and New York had here or persies promt. A large and excellent band ap- everywhere moving, and the paraphernAlia of Hags, ban the power, and he stood before them as a Southern manpearedontbeplatform,aaddidagooddeal fo-the luc- ners sadbells, on allsides visible, betoken n noble tobegthemtoassist andstandbythe SouthInpatting0 legislate, in favor of tbe free laboring masses of theUnited States who h a d elevated them into power T h ewhole length and breadth or their legislation had been togive predominance t o t h e aacursed slave pOfe'-It was time to call a pause in the national aflairs t o t trnout these un'altbful servants, and put better men in theirplaces. He protested against t h e shuffling falsehood o f thechargetbattberepublicanparty hadIntpertiledtheexistence o f the gowhrnment. The a c t w a s that o f t h ademocratic party. They had broken the peace; aad now, of redress. becausetheydo'notgovernthenationany longer, they eoushttodestroyIt. Thedemocraticpartyhadendea-< iff Is entitled to aeoover back goto, with interesttbe time paid. At to the other casks, In which the n u a - ber of gallons was net specified, tbe penalty w u properly enforced. The ease was one strictly o fnet ofexcess of quantity found byThe general understanding tbat ahundred and ten gallons, when the quantity la wot stated, istooindefinitetoberealised ortochangetheseanUof this construction.In the case o f Christ. Jay k Hess vs. Augustus Ssbel/, repcrtci In Sunday's BBBALD, It w a s erroneously stated that the jury stood eleven to one. It should hare boon tbat tbsy stood eight tor the Importers snd four tor t h o Coltector. , ^ _STKKCH o r a n . HILXIASD, OP ALABAMA.Tbe Bon. V . HUXIABD, o f Alabama, a tall and elegant leakinggentleman,was(kenintroduced. Hesaid:—tend people; n t the same time a German ora or was a d dressing two or three thousand men in the vicinity, and it was there evident that the character of the approach tog contest would be one o f which the republicans bad n o conception. (Cheers.) Ifthesesignsbetrue,they wiltment Lincoln was elected the evil would be done. (Ap- plause.) The negroes of the"South on the first news of Lincoln's election would rise, as one man. to perpetrate andtakepartwiththesympathizersofJohnBrowninthe accursed system or slavery over free Territories. Demagogues alone could gatn advantage from it, but the democratic people were sacrlfloed t o t h e interests oT a vileoligarchy. WhenthebillortheHouseofRepreseator's Cabinet..m up at themastsofnotabelieverinthehigher lawdoctrine watch wouUt Imaginedthathewasstillalive,butpoliticallybewasas fixtnelmlUtoslavery fortherewas ahigherlawdoe. bwad as the ghosts of Swedenbotg. (Laugher.)orthedemocracyin Pennsylvaniahatbeenagreedupon, he NorigsluTnopoweronearthcouldexclude fewer* fro* that^•ft&"a«w w>? ,oo%ot hettoto .got **»* V / Territory ^ *here Bkwrr « • Pro^b J«- « » vilest Bj«iem that b o d ever disgraced t h e earth.KP^iSwi-^rTwT .'to MMDdtr. (Aonlateso) And, The Saviour orah*WOrid could not return tothe piece of BBW*1* instance, slavery could n o t Sourish to t h e Near bis nativity w l t b W being persecuted, scourged a n d aen you hear those black rcpubl nana Finland States, a n d from those States t b e people murdered; b u t Judas i»~>riot could have preached h i sj » » pay back to thews, like the gallant rtflocedslsveryloBitsgo. And why? ^ » ^ » » " « T i , *JOT**\•»?»'„««>* doctrineswhereverbewent,s*«beenhailfellowwellfor Lincoln. The following advertisement appears to M s editorial colonans:—rwraopn desiring straight Douglas electoral tickets can b e accommodated, b y sending their orders, with t h e money enclose*, to t h e office o f t h eALL PASTIES W GB»MHA nr FAVO* o r DBwatvetion.— An immense meeting, composed o f cltteene, irrespective o f party,washeldto Buena Vltto,Marten county.Ga,eu the nth mst The friends of DMights, Bell sad Breekln- ridge werettBmexpusly represented, h o t partisan prefe-UVSNCB CABS P1NALTT.Jnfonto Yznaz* and elXtrt w Semen J. MtiJUU — H i sIs t n sction to recover back a penalty of twenty per eon* Imposed upon s cargo of molasses s a d sugar, from Ocbn to this tort, for s a under valuation. Uponcteig a greater number of gallons of moiatsttto them than menttoned to the invoice, so toss a nwas reported b y the ganger s a d appraisers. U ntion o l tbe article to t h e invoice w a s correct, hot t t * quantitytotbecaskswasshort. TbecasedidnotfaB witbintbeeighth sndninth sectionsoftheactof1846. That Is confined to the enhancement of tho value of the goods a t tte time of exportation to the foreign market b y the appraisers, to the amount of ten per cent noovo th o16determination to fight tru»to the end of the war. Battheotherday,inCanandaigua,six thousandpeop'eweregathered from every corner of that republican county,and by one unanimous shout resolved that if New York tbe country for one and for all. (Aoplause.) Wstatetaiortheproceedingsoftheevening.The arrival of Mr J. J. Henry wan baited with toad ap-piaate, aad on motion o f ibat gentloman, after t b e uaaalpreliminaries,aehatnnanwaaappointed,whomadea election. (Applause) InBuflaloIaddressedfoarthodbrief speech.whentbegreatheartofNewYorkspeaks,asitdoesnow, twelvehundredthousandpeopleintheStatefromwhiah nessedtheJohnBrownraid. Hebadseenthebloodof KansasLegislature,excluding slavery,cameIntotha and aben tbe words of Sonthern man are here heard, the I eome We shall reel that oar troubles are over, aad bis friends thed like water in the streets of Harper's Senate, republican Senators appealed to the apostle squat- whole heart o f t h e State speaks, and, as a oonsequenoe, that New York has saved us from n disaster greater than Ferry. H e saw the negroes with arms in their hands ter sovereignty to help them,he would not do It. He had »\i.. •*• must follow. (Applause.) I remember that nero 00r glorious Union has ever yet encountered ( Apotause ) firing on t h e citizens o f tbat town a n d shooting tnem "gout In the stomach"—(laughter)—and could n o t votewoulddoherduty,theyshouldbeheard atthecomingwonld betheconsequence ofLincoln's election? Hecarednottobetoldthathisadministrationwouldbe a conservative one. He could tell them that t h e m o - vored by force, by f *aud. by murder, by arson, to extendA POHTIOKFOKMADAM BATSS.—Ittestatedthat Edward Bate*, o f Missouri, in case Old Abe i s elected President, is to have the place of Attorney General to tbe rail split-all perm a t the present saesneat, and that feeling and that 1 thing in a state of prosperity, and you advancing with a that t h e battle would b e decided, a n d if they foughtsentiment it as to the future condition of this great coun- i degree of prosperity that is almost unparalleled, spreai, try Therearethesewhodonotlook closely into,legyonrbenefitswhereveryougo.andyetagitateallthe good fight well they would have all tbe influence and poweroftheOldDominionwiththem. (Applause.)But should Lincoln be elected they woui t be compeJle<l to g oWHAT THE GOVXEKOB or KSBTCCKV WILL Do.— It Is ru. mored that Governor laagoffin, or Kentucky, has express,ahts matter; bat yet there are others not prepared to say, let as see commerce perish, let credit be •hakes:letallcommercial aflairsmeetwithdisaster."The1 tho day long about this Interminable question of slavery, ! slavery, slavery? Surely, what a great detttny this I Union ooght to have, and nevertheless has not. On tbetidal waters o f their Mate. They were prepared t o stain tbetr rivers with blood as they flowed by the tomb of Washington rather tban t o bave an outrage parpetra- ted on tbe cor secreted soil or Virginia (Applause.)This speech concluded the proceedings or the night,and after some music by tbe band tbe meeting dispersed.SPEECH OF SESATOR WIDE, OF OHIO.cursed power that crushes every thing t h e people want. The people never could get tbat great homestead measure from tbe demoratlc party. Ttey oould never get it excapt from the repab lean party. T h e only Southern Senator who bad voted for t t was Andrew Johnson o f Tennessee— a fine old fellow, who, like their candidate Abraham L in coin, worked himself u p from a condition of poverty. And be was tho only Southern Senator w h o ever would vote for it. Mr. Wade appealed to his audience to give earneet support to their candidate for Congress, Mr. Hum- phrey, and then proceeaed to make a tariff argument, in whichbeaccusedSenatorDouglasofgivingtbebitor lastsessiontbegoby. HisfirstLieutenantPoghwas present, and on the motion to take it voted " no,"but Douglas was not to be found. Whenever you wanted htm he was " sick " Tbe democratic party was now broken intofragments—eattrgeachotheruplikeKilkenny cat*—and were n o w arraying themselves against tbe people of the United States to prevent their electingvent the federal troops from marching through Kentucky lo execute the tews ot the United States.Moan a*INITS Una —The Waynesboro South states that the young men o l Burke county, Georgia, are forming s company o f Minute Men.history of the past which has already transpired, spanks ] contrary, tt i s realizing t b e fable o f Acteon chained of tbe events of tbe future, and they wilt always do so i to a rock and feeding npon bis own vitals Don't We should not fear, for "thebattle Is not lost " Allof ! you feel ashamed of tt? ("Yes, yet," and laughter ) yon remember, a s I do, that a t the battle of Buena Vis-I tell yoa bow I feel towards you, and I hope you won't that the day was lost; but when General Taylor stood o n | Set mad Great as she is, New York has shrunk mlgbti-ta—at that great a n d mighty contest—it w a s thoogntaha gorge of those mountains with tbe ti*g of his countryr, and it has been the result of tbe slavery igltatton. Is it not so- You must confess it; and belog the case, why tboold you not now look above the mist and smoke that hangs beavy above yon.and glance around theApoplexy.... Si cession Scan—The Montgomery (Ate.) sfatl declares Beedingwaving over h i m whilst fighting against t h e MexicanHues, an appeal was made t o him to send more assistancethe only hope for the slave section is instant secession on theelectionofLincoln." ItappealstotheSouthern men Oholerainfantumand support t o h i s countrymen. What was his reply?Yourememberit Yestaidbe,Iwillsupport you."A ceruleanblueofheaven,insteadof looking downonthe3 'ever, typhoid........ . 0) 10 Fever,typhus.......... T 1 Hooping cough § Congestion o f the brain. 1 1 Inflammation o f bladder 1 Congestion of the liver.. 1 Inflammation of bowels.. O Qongestion of the lungs. 2 Inflammation ofovate... •little more grape, Captain Bragg." (laughter earth. Thatitwhy Idislike Br Howard He is always and sheers.) And I need not tell you, gen- lookingdown,down,downupontbe earth. (Laughter.)tlemen, that after Ctptain Bragg's tntrductun the IfyouoftbeNorthwouldonlyrest your eyes uponthe Mexicans were routed and cut to pieces and put to flight materisl interests o f t h e country Instead o f busy (Cbeeis.)80Isayto-nigbt,'J"thebattleIsnotlost" legyourselveswiththeconcernsofothers,itwouldrelieve us of the South from much of the vast (Cheers) W e have only to persevere in bar exertions gand victory will reward a s . I tell y o n that all Is not reesnre under whl:h w e a r e s t present staggering test, and w e m a y tell t b e tale o f t b e Mexican w a r - low would such s system o f intermeddling operate to aa tCholera morbusTUESDAY, Hawould not and could not•aw, 5fewsar*a sSa«^ttSterects w t h e glorious land. « «tboseof Douglas Republican principles were runningwith railroad speed through the South-through Dela-ware, through Maryland, through Mtesouri, w»d now oldVirginia was trembling s t their strength The only claim pub! ished. The change consists in substituting tbe names rjonglssbad to so called "Battens!" was that he wear..down slavery agitation. He waa glad to see, standing tide byside, therriondsofBell, ofBrockioridgoand Douglas, and thus endeavoring t o preserve the Union andWe recommend the people o f Gcorgto, upon t h e elec- tionofAbrahamLincoln beingknown,tomeetimmedi ately to convention, to determine tbe mode snd mannerrule, and all apprehensions of rivalry with any one may, (Laughter.)OneofthelemalningstatesmenintbewouldpreventamanfromdrinkingaglassofwhiskeyTherewereprobablytwowaysofeffectingsecession.thebandsofaslaveoligarchy. Theymighttherefore,bedismissed. WMH.GIST.Debility,infantile OrcpsyDropsyIntbecheat Dropsy in tbe head Heart,diseaseofworld and a man of worth is Mr. Seward. in a Territory or kissing his wife without having it whom, you are aware his bees treated b y the republican known to tbe rest of mankind. (Laughter.) Yet this ispartirm tbe icurvy manner to which 1 have already the kind of investigation that is going on, and who knows alluded. Here w e have a movement of this sectional where It will end. Wby, my friends, if you keep onas party in their nomination Eur candidates for Pros dent you have begun—I mean tha people of the North—things and Vice President. They take o n e o f their candidates will dwindle down s o small that you couldn't find'em from Illinois, and they go ail tbe way to Maine to tate with a fine loath comb. (Laughter.) What I desire tbe other. Why should the South have been passed over to convey to this jocular strain i s , t h e grand altogether? Has this part of the Union no interest what- ides—let us alone. (Applause) Organize tbe Terri- ever in the choice of represntativea? (Yes, yea.) A h , tories ifyou will, make your own government, choose your gentlemen, I am afraid they will make yon believe that the own judges, and create your own laws, bat leave tbe peo- negroismoreimportantthaneveryothernationalelement. pletotakecareoftheirownmorals. Iwant to knowtf Seepingjorwaking,layingdownorrisingup,stanlingor whenyousquatlaaTerritoryttisnotjustas respecta-wake np some mornlcg snd find that their conserva- tism h a d produced their destruction (Applause) As God livelh, liberty will survive nil their riohes ifwalk log to the streets, these men nave enthroned the ne- gro. They have made t h e negro tbe supreme arbiter of the testing of the republic, sad they expeat to carry Lin- coln a n d Hamlto tots power on the beck o f the negro iapplause ) Their •totessUBShtp Is limited t o abstractSPEECH OF SENATOR WADS.iscufsioas e n this everlasting question which does noE t o the oqantry. I go further: I say it is unpatriotic. hold, and no men will b e safe from the scrutiny whichis the gift of God to every man that not be ifencumbered with buildings.John Adams andBenjaminFranklin,did Jeflfers>n, son and Washington favor slaveryJ Did Washington*1ask.Thatgreatman—thatgrandname.(Lou«ap1 Prematurebirth... S i Stomach, boweteoftbeyoungrepublic;aadyetthenoblenameofWash tngton—the memoriesofwhich swell like ananthem ontheearsofthenation—Istobefoundamongthose who equally recognised t b e rights of each sovereign State. (Applause) I dwell on the name of Wash;c: ton because it* i s acknowledged t o b e Illusions In the tar- tbeat regions of the earth. His fame la so great that it Is bat a rew days since a noble and generous Prince—thepresumptive heir to the greatest and moat powerful e m -pire under t b e sun—went down with voluntary e a raestnssB to the side of the warrior's grareto dobemage to a man whose unparalleled feats of arras ing is also sinful, and when you give up your had wrested inch wide domains from h i s ancestors. liquor I'll give up my niggers. (Continued laughter.)to put this question at rest, they concluded that form^ll 'n!?HJere,hould no*beM r interferaaceisthe 1 e 1 woand forbore more than was dreamt of. Let theie ba stolen from them, horses and cattle, and what would they do? Theywould go towaralmost,andwould fight (ordeed, that the West had anyrights? (Laughter ) TbeWest, said be,isvigilanttodefendthecorstltution of the country; and when any section o f the nation shall attempttoputiutoexecutionthesethreatstbatwehear of,theywillfladthatthereisasleepingllon*tetheir path. (Loudapplause.) Hedeniedthatthorepublican parly was a sectional party, aod went Into tho politicalis itnot right that we shoula see and put the old fellow through. (Laughter.) You, Bell and Everett men, you mayspendallthemeneyyoncan;butstilltbedecreeIs recorded In tbe book of fate that Abraham Lincolnand HatnibalHamlinarethetextPresdentandVicePresi- dentoftheUnitedStates.Slocksmaybedepreciated, baiksmaybebroke,youyourselvesmaybe impover-MX<T^Z ^ . m ^ t . l S'^w *" «<terfal progress of our their rights and liberties. (Applause.) It would be a &mt^a.^Vd.K*f' theT*w"«Veatnecessity strargethingtohave negroes stolen fr>mthem, SdmWLn1!-^P\»*V»Portattonof»'«es,andthey theyweretheirproperly. Herema-ttedanin-7 ....1249••••eeeees mini •8.. ....16IV.M»«tiMiM»t"»"•..30 9 ....26 20.••*«•••••••*•••••• ..31oar aaves free. What is good for yon te not good (or u tisto befoundinthissentiment,« toe;U>p ,1thetun ,ster,iU, ^ ^ ^ & % « £ halfofTerritorybeyondwhat theSouihwasenUtledto. ry. Bevigilant,andbyallmeansteethatevery Ameri- Fach -i.te ' waits meat g'orlous guise, retted on tS^taTta^rCorn.Ctewsuo.Oct. 29-8 P M. Flourunchanged Wheat—-Market opened dulland!eavy,botdoted firmer, witha good telling deaoaad: ra!*s 9,000 busbete N o . 2 Chicago spring a t $ 1 06'«, 14,710 bushels No. 1 Milwaukee club at $1 08, and 12 2*)ble as when you squat in th e State of New York, a n d whether doing this you are not able to form the laws for yourselves, and decide yonr own questions of morality.Oasualityv said inhis speech theother day, that theSouthwas tionofWashingtonParktothecounty,forscourtboose, Cyanosis steeping over a powder magazine, white reokleis m e n on the following grounds:—1 it is remote from the centre Ittlirium It was twenty minutes past eight when Senator Wade were smoking around it. H e boned it was so, for fear of buelnecs. 2 It wonld divert from its original purpose Orowoed1 Malformation of heart... 1 2 Oldage................ 6 2 Poison I 3-, Premature birth 5Suffocation, accidental.. % 1 —WW6 otherdigestive* :iout a beacon to steer by (Laughter.) If slavery Is sinful I want it to be declared that drink-Itell)ou,however,thatagreatgovernsentlikeourscan saidhe,Ibatthereare some menwhocounsel submis- Cremeadons cheering) During the immortal conren- not pottlbly interfere with these great questions of moral! sion, but I would infinitely havo preferred, if I lived atin In which the constitution was considered, a dis ty, whether i t be slavery or anything else The very cha- the time, to bave submitted to the claims which Great loudly about It. If the South comes up to fightevasionarosess to thesettlement oftheslaveryques-tion. Some were opposed t o i t s continuance, whiteothers determined that no more slaves should b e import-edintothecountry. Whatwasdonethen? Were exclu- betterunderstandyou,theroughangleswill bepolished claim be good? ("No.") If BO, there .would of It. It wasfortheNorthnowtoriseandaskwhoit siveand unpatriotic ideas slowed toprevail? Itw*sdecided that t b e negroes should n o t b e represented except i n a proportion s e t forth b y themselves; and this was to be the dictum for nil time. So that it is thus Aearly asserted that these slaves are partly propertyracter of the people forbids it, as I have seen from exam- ples afforded every day since I have been In thi- section, and as toon as you understand us and our institution, w eBr.lain had made to our fathers than to submit to tna claims set up to day to overawe us and control tbe ap proschiog election. (Applause) Shall this lmpuicntwith t b e North where would "their niggers be? He was for long suffering with the weak, but as the South continued to throw firebrands on tho nation, he was tireddown,andwemovetogethermoreharmoniouslythanwe have ever done before. This great government, tike a n umbrella, was intetded t o spread i t s protecting wingsbe a final e n d a n d termination o f o u r govern- was that was goiog to destroy the Union? Their own cen-seated b y those who hold them, and-as persons emr.l.-i take care of its own kstttutloca. If the douth arc con- great West, a portion of the country which, in apolitical there would be as much danger from them asfrom three to all tie protection that the common law affords to white testing this great questiop,»thty are doing so upon great point of view, we little heard of. the reason of that was year old children. (Laughter ) AU ihU cry of sacfsaioapeople. The fact is that our worthy ancestors saw daa- ger a cm abroad and in the future. They desired to en- sure tranquillity t t home t n d safety from forelga interference ,aod they wanted to establish s grand and powerful government that would make this a strong and enduring country (or all coming time. ( A p -constitutional principles. They are doiog so because itIs a point of honor with them, though they too* thatdefeat awaits them. The South in point of numb#rs isweak; they do not anticipate a success in the Territoriesof tbe West. Climate and interest are aga<nst them, but West b a d a larger population than t h e South, and, in even if they d d , Abraham Lincoln would still be Pros!premeCourt. If we do give up the Territories we do not twaaae.) And as the means to n great end they unani- intend to give up the principle. Tho speaker con-2 9 ,1 8 6 0 .Nursery and Child's Bos-mously determined to leave this question to the juriedlcttowoi tbe states tbemsel tee, and made Ihe proportionatetinued on this topic at some length. There was, he said. an antagonism between slavery and freedom, and upon$1 40 a $1 60 for white, and Jlt32 a $1 86 fur red. Corn, declining tendency—72.'ac. for yellow and 73o a 76c. Tor chotcjewriitoOhio. I'ork—$1975rormess. Larddull.we do not want you to overrule tbe decisions of the Supoint o f wealth, i t towered immeasurably above t h e deLt o f t h e United States. A s >God livethSouth. If his own State were put up a t auction it would snd a s o ld A b e liveth, b e reigns. (Loud cheers) fetch as much as would buy two thuds of the South— Old Abe Lincoln Is the very Incarnation of the Amsricauana that without counting good free men a t more than laborer. Will ihe American laborers leave him and takeup a gentleman who w a s brought u p under the slave hesrd.aay complaints about trampling on the systemandhadhalfadozenniggerstotakecareorhimCranty Hospital.. 2 .. 2stanceofs nigger being stolen oftandshippedas *o tho slave trade. freight by the express, and on ibe handling he fell'•'sSEssr SwsrwwSafflw:.SSSrsra.'arwrrsnational democratPresident with batonei f e A r to RnnyonforttoiwSofBdwIn A. 8terone, Wm. K. McDon-tbe Senate of tbe Dnited States, and **>>«* ( M - ] ald, Berjamin Williamson snd Peter I. Clark. And it is to take an account of pronto.he impeached that party of this crane*formed yon, having been through the Sate, from one end and rec-PcSHaticn, so that the tide of eecttoitot single instance bad they either legislated, or attempted linceto. The following resolutions wer» « .nerous and enthusiastic that b u been held within those South offered the olive branch of»»**«..—- ot imiiM>*.~--One would be by preventing federal officers from perfum-ing their duties there. Well, that was the business otbe South itself. If it did not choose to have United they will have it so. (Applause. A voice—"Hit 'emBrooklyn City/ News.3 Unknown,. 1.03?1States district attorneys t o punish crime, post offices t o de(lver letters, custom hoosee tu give clearance* papers to vessels, it was the South Itself that would suffer thereday evening—President Kalbflelsch in the chair.Certain changes were made i n the appointment o f can-osAtanFROMsxmaui ART.OTHBBOA CTOR CLOUTB OBissues o f a Presidential election were s o Important a s they were to-day. They were told by a person high inFire 1stNew Orleans.Nxw OBXKASS, Oct 29,1860.Three hundred bates o f cotton in the Union Press yard weredestroyedyesterday. Loss$16,000;insured.Southern Ocean Steamer Movements. SAYA.YNAU, Oct. 39, I860.The screw steamship Montgomery, from New York, ar rived at Tybee a t noon of 38th instant.Markets. PHILADELPHIA STOCK BOARD.voder 1 pear1to SyearsI to ftyears 6to10years10tol2yeart12 to 16 yearsU to17years..-. ITtoaOvears10 to 26 yearsBritish America EnglandFranceSermanyIrelandeminent from a republic t o a Vila oligarchy. I kno v ,tion all over this land. (Applause ) There a r e no men onearthsohorrifiedattheideaoiacollisionbetweenthe two tcctlons of the Union as those men who prate most29,1880 overall,toalloweverymantositunderhisownboco..-:u'ltd.Haclaimedtha'.themanwaaabasetrai netaSocthernSlatethatcankeep6,000menintbeu-MRailnad,20\,;MorrisCanal,68;LongIslandRailroal,vine a n d tig tree a n d work o u t h i s o w n sa'vation.!Stocks steady.tor to the constitution who counselled submission to for s'x mo; the. The South might come up here and buy 13,v, Pennsylvania Railroad, 38'.j Sight exchange onand partly persons—ai property entitled to be repre By all means, however, stick together. Let each State principles like those. (Applause ) He hailed fraSn tho powder and guns from the most patriotic men,becauBeNew York st par a 1 20th per cent premium.BALTIMORB,On 29,18f0.hr active, but declined 12».o ; Howard street, Ohio j'.ty Hills, ff> fO. Wr.eat active, but less firm: red, a $1 87; white, 51 40 a Jl 55 Cam has a declining }tcy, aid declined 2 c : yellow at 6CJ. S 68C, white a 73c. Provisions quiet and steady-, mess pork,Coffee firm. Whiskey a t 21c. a 21){cPHILADELPHIA, Oatir dull, bu.flrm. Wheat dull, favoring buyers—n.1uixc insnriHemAlmshouse, Elki's Island.. 12 <t. Luke's Hospital.... .. 1 aeiievue D«*pital... • BOW 6 St. Vincent's Hospital. .. 6City Hospital 7 Ward's Island Emigrantment. A majority would n o longer govern, but the wishes of a small section of the couutry wtro tosus showed that t h e South w a s b u t o n e fourth o f t h e American people, and miserably poor at that. There isPBTLAOtxrniA, Oct Pennsylvania State 6s,96 ;; Reading• . a . 2that the West was an empire in iteelf, and that no oeo from that section had ever been hoard t o tunounoA diso- bedier.ee t o the laws or treason to the government, T h owas a miserable hombug, a political dodge. They thoughthalf of the value of Blaves. (Laughter.) W h o over1TJ•**.?.wittl lh*lrdttty>"dbowdeairioustheyweremen,andthewholefightwassgatuitslavery.TheyborerightsoftheWest?Whooverhear*,in-everymorning.(Laughter)Myfriendsofallparties,Whiskeyi^Xc.Ceftsefirm:tales12CQbagsft14ca 2reprenwitatien o f slaves a n article o f the constitutiontoenaureforever. Aadtoshowhowfullyconversant thatplatformtheycouldfightfreesoil,freelabor,free110 ....12 dl • i l l l H M t l • • • ..20 (Loadandtremeadonsapplause)TormyownpartIout,andtherewasasexposeofthemannerin historyofibogovernmentfrom1860tothepresenttima,untpotted,tojust,sofairtnhischaracter,thatovconls ALTUWY,Oct.29-6PM. tl......................14aidi-••••*see*eess•••••..SOnever wish to aee i t reopened. ( R t(Renewedapplause) It which theabolitionlti dealtwiththeirbrethren Soutn. torefutetheassertion,andtoshowthatsectionalismcame enemiescannotssperse him. (Applause) And why,if Flour steady, butt lower, especially on low grades \m.... .................14 —Is not in New York, New Jersey nor*• Petnsylrfcoia that One State only this year list $15 COO in stolen slaves from tbe democratic party of the South. He allndedto we elect this unexceptionable man, is this Union to be Wheat dull: tales of 4 0C0 bushels white Michigan oa total.390we are to look for slaves, hut tn Alabaraa^cbl^'H.V""" This was all due to tho liberty law; and if these things betie votes of Southern States against the admission of Oa dissolved? Which of you is so wanting in your self re- private terms. Osto lower: sales of 80,000 busoels SuteTbe number of deaths compared with the eorrespocitof weeksof1868and1866andoflastweekwasstfollows:—North Caiolina, South Carol** and Swarff 2 , T i & I tore allow me to say that the State of New YTrk i „ £ in any way responsible for the slavery or ih.State o f Virginia. ( A voice—* You a r e ri/httheir.") Wedonotask yout»maketUtvesofthene-groes resident in the State of New York; but we ask YOUat the same time not to call upon us in Alabama to makedoneinthegreentree,whatwouldbedonelathedry1 Tfa&t is what we Are afraid of. If these things can be done now, what will be the consequence when Abraham Lincoln i s elect* • When the shouts o f his election have died away you will hear tbe echo of deso ation is sureas you live. When Llrcoln i s elected the South will secede. *n the fight we appeal to New York, asllforniaasafreeState,andtothegranttcgofthetenmil ion claim of Texas. Had General Taylor lived, thatlast Infamy would not have been consummated- aadir such a man here? (Agenera! thout of "No") No, eir, Texis had dared to make to bim the threats of 'secessionwhich the did make, he would have replied—«I?. cMefromtheUnion! IwillbangwithyourownSoutherntroops every man or yoa who dares to attempt tuch a and sages of the republic stood. (Cheers.) They holdandCanadaEastat86s Corn—Nosates. Barleyverydull for Slate, for wl|tch It is difficult tdget offers; a cargo or fair Medins, Orleans county, was offered ate$c , " Oct. 29. 1869 372—Increase.The liberation of oqr slaves is a question left to oar own ow friends who have fought and bled together; thing." (Cneeis) Who, ho asked, threw theeectloaal the doctrines tbat old Harry Clay held, tnd yet1 *-" »e call upon you in our hour ofBUFFALO, Oct 29—1 P. M Who call themselves old line wblgs. If the re Fltur doll and unchanged. Wheat dull aud heavy:firebrand into the Union and disturbed the ©ompro we are to be branded as traitors by those ten would but leave it lo us and to our rills; aadif ? w _ * * * °» >* preserviog the Union, mises of 18£0f Was it the republican partyconsciences—it belches to God and our ownus ana to our own sense of bedv ^ 5 ? £ ">•Colon what the stomach waa to theexternal causes, to 39right and justice t t would very soon be settled to univer- aal tatisaclton. (Applause.) But for this great State t» undertake t o s a y t o Alabama. Y o u Bhall*emancip*us jenr slaves » tor this beautiful State that stands on such rfch and beautiful borders, reaplsg we»lth without stint •nd sending ner wealth to every part s i the world, to try^pcoerceany other State into ideas whicb tbay rebel (A^ptl,*coafwry to tbe spirit of the institution Ambaa»a>*^hew York or Connecticut is a s sovereign a s to fay that thV-^i*** " * n t a a " * n * Northern Statei6ffnl t o them? tynai*' y2®• the South a r e distaste-«s, "Wedonotlikevour install* toey to *>y to frr,~ewed»oTMm». hereInthiwiJlR*TM\ * whostruggledfir1011 m a s t t Q,n them.'' Suppose AUbama felt the^jfc = ««<llctt to New York. Is there one of her n^ble*^ !° * *tons would submit to u* (Cries'oT"'\-rHibon'>r*'>!ewho broke the peace and threw the firebrand or^nectton-alism into the nation. A dark conspiracy, basons thator Cataline, waa g o t u p in1864, to break the peecj, andbring back t h e agitation o f t h e slavery question. T o eNorthern democrat, and t h e Southern dem>cratnnd t h eSouthern whig, concocted In a midnight caucus in th eCapitol a t Washington, this grand conspiracy o f the Kan-m-Nebrsikabilltu rob thefree settlersinthoTerrito- mrchtotheenergiesofthesemenastoany other causeBomiT J d l «M t e d th e food which sustained the body (Shouts of "No, no.") It w a s th e democratic" par'trpublican party were Btrlcken down slavery a n d i t s accursed consequences wouht stalk all over the laud This glorious company o f Wide A wakes,almost a s ubiqai tout as tbe Northern lights themselves, a r e everywhere organized and marshalled for the great battle o r right, and are coming up with that Inspiration which inspired our fathers. (Apt louse ) That great triumph of princi pie about to b e Inaugurated, ought t o b e attribute! a sK . Nsw YORK, Oct. 27. 1860.DSLA V AM, CityInspectorffr.'J6-*«» you willin* that t h .Ming that t h e great canal from t h eSSL ."*» ^ choked K o which addlo7o«r^r, ,;w ( "" ) *»»« tributary StatesHetaoroloplcal Resrlntor.The annexed table shows the temperature of the at-mosphere In this city during tbe week ending October 29, the range ofthe barometer and thermometer, the varia- tion ofwitd correal*, and the state of theweather at three periods during each day, vis: a t 9 A. M., end 3 acdtae ita : harbor ICovered althn "•" muM»i«|, JOUr uvwviwillbeco^red^trC^ ^«rreedom against In th J East for this accursed treachery? None. Mr. Douglas'excuse too, and, although I a m not much o f a woman's rights thebacdofstreost!BCFFALO, Oct. 2 9 - 6 P. M. Wheat dull t n d drooping; tales 12,000 bushel* N o 2 Chicago spring a t $ 1 01 a $1 02, 12.0C0 bnshels red winter at SI 15 a 1 15>£;e spur to advanclE8g D Utn<sr ble wi•or tradva^iB* *.? , * ; *">«** » «tT0» civilization. N o w la the time. ries of their Ucdjrlvea Hurtles Was there any excuse whatever. (Applause) W e have t h e ladies with u s ,Flour dull and uncharged.IB <I ratostmsn, Ishould liketotoothemgoupanddepositW 1 the h 1their voter. I would go bail tbey would be de-6,500butbelswhiteCanadianonprivateterms Corndull: 9o'clock P.M—• A. if.e ()Ll..\ * -.*** .»"<! of power was raised against the free man to'aetata tbT-uSLitalntbyou, then, men of New York L ~ " We call uponS P.M.• J».jr.T.ork, to rally m theUnion,andmay 6thd»~ #*^,'' defence ofpudiaied by the whole nation. (Laugher) Imagine afor plaintiff and n reference to the Clerk, asMawdssimr, t #The error arose from the fact of one juryman standing uptoexplainthereasonsoftbedisagreement,snd,ssno itbaal yon, gentlemen, for this reception. Iknow that gladden a mil ion of people at the South. It will rejoice c mmenclng a bloody raid on the South. He bad wit- tatives of last winter, to give effect to the act of the sional Committee have presented the name of Benjamin other jurors took sny part to tbe explanation, It was ge-bad tb e honor of addressing y o n some few But why, let ma ask yon, continue this useless, dreary, down—one of their victims being th e kindest a a d kssinceatagreatUniondemonstrationwhichmaddeningagitationtnregardtoslavery?Itinjuresbestmanoftheplace.BerooldtellthemtbelegislationofNewMexico,passedbytbeHouse.Repnb TheClevetend(Ohio)FtotWasfertollsof«:sdemocratic1tnt outthat concentrated ticket oftheState you—itinjuresas Itimperilsourlives,ourfortunes electionofLincolnwouldbethefirststeptoanother MeanSenatorsappealedtothedemocratslohelpthem. darkey"tothatcitywhowantedtovote,butwagtoilel New York, and which has been making groat and liberties, and though our crests are high and our black revolution,and they wouldsee the States dissevered,^ Did they come? Did Douglas' come to help them? •rocTess 1 then predicted, and I think it has courage unabated, tf fight we must, fight we shall. (Great disorganized and belligerent, armed against each other No sir, you could not get him into the same ten acre lot.smcebeensettledthatintheeventoftbesuccessofthe applause) Comewherethevictory may,itwill prove andthecountryplungedintoacivilwar. Hecouldas-bosfness is stagnant, and there i s an uprising, strong and the emergencies that have at lsen— 0 lake t h e helm o f gallantry o r t h e Soutb. (Applause.) H e could assure ple to rely upon. The Agricultural College bill passed theby tbe republicanjudges that he wouldn't do—he was "a little too black."RXSOLCVIOBS o r RsGCXATORa.—At n regular meeting o f the members of the Vigilance Committee, held at Beech Branch, 8. C , on t h e 23d Inst, tbe following resolutionsTheGrsndJuryfoundbillsoftodistmsstneatestNo- tbsnJordon(Csptste),WmWarren(flrstannto),n!Hl DavW Hall (teeoad mate), of tbe trie. The prtooaers are charged with piracy, and also with serving votantnrUi o n board a slaver. _They were called upon to plead, b u t upon »9ton or their counsel the ptea wss p-*tponed until Friday next.Oa motion of the District Attorney the accused partial were committed until additional bail wns given, that be- fore tbe Commissioner being insofflotent after an indteU meat. • ^^?{Bncn*BYASEDITOR—Weclipthefollowing fromtho eroandlna F'oridi'an.-—Just before going t o proas w e weregrievedtohearoftbeceath ofJ.N.Sowen, lateeditor of tbe Independent Prat The deceased committed suicide on Saturday last, a t Lake City, b y shooting him- self through tbe head with a pistol. We have not heard any cause assigned for the rash sot.wVwwkly Report o f Ueatbito the City and County of How York, from the 20lh Oaj o lOctober to the 27tn day of October, I860.Mea, 96: women, 78; boys, 112; girls, 106—Total, 390 Adults, 1 7 3 , children, 2 1 7 ; males. 2 0 7 ; females, 183< colored persons, 7republican party stocks would go down, credit would I an unmitigated disaster wherever it lights. The fruitoeaie and commercial affairs would in every respect b e i will turn to ashes on th e lips of those w h o remain to••me deranged and unsettled. We are, however, not yet gather it. There Is no use, no profit in this agitation, South the moment that the election of Lhiwln was an 1bave beard you make a good many speeches,but never defeated, andI trustwe never shallbe (cheers);but dayafterday,nightafternightandyearafteryear.The nounced tothecountry. Itwaschargedagainst them one Inwhich therewasnotaniggeratthe beginning,a the mere prospact of defeat—tbe recent reverses in Penn- great difficulty o f this vast country i s that our statesmen tbat they would n o t secede, they were stigmatized a s c igger a t tbe end, and a nigger to tbe middle ( Laughter ) sylaniahavealready,Ithink,verifiedsomeofthepredic-(arewornout—gone,andtheyhaveleftbhindthenno cowardsintheaffairatHarper'sFerry,buttheyhad Thedemocratpartywasheldtogetherbynothingbut tionsIthenmadeSuckshavegonedown,creditisshtkon,!successors. Wehavenomenwhonavebeenequalto there asatallothertimesprovedthebraveryand thememoryoritspast,andbadnotnowasingleprinci-were unanimouslyadopteds n dorderedt ob e p u brefractory spirit—a deep feeling—pervading the minds of party and 1<ad them on to their proper deitloy That Isthem that this was the most important week that h aever preceded any Presidential election in t h e historyhi Hoose last session, and inadvertently, a s i t were, paasedthecountry. (Applause.) Bewouldbegofmenorthe tbeSenate,battheslavepowerdemandedoftbePresi-oflished:—Resolved, That should Sylvester o r Ransom Ginn everbe found within the bounds of our Committee, that each than reoeive s t a penalty two hundred psdoles.> t b e reason why w e a r e in this great difficulty n o w . ihoold h e u»just to yon aad my country d'd 1sot lay, ; to It not miserable, and do you not feel miserable, men ofthepeopleofNewYork. (Rearhim.)Isay,andI•bat mere Is a deep feeling throughout the land pervading ' New York, with your vast harbor, with t h e millions o fwealth pouring In npon you frcm the great lakes, every- surrounded the Union. It was in the State of Ne v Yorksure the people of the North that no power on earth oould resist the disunion sentiment and disunion feeling o f t h e(laughter) DouglaswentintoPennsylvaniaand hypo critically spoke o f c o t being able t o do anything for the tariff owing to the negro agitation. Why, brother Douglas,The WestSet-esston—Douglasreignty. SetatorWade,ofOhio,addressedtherepubHcassjofKings county a t t h e Wigwam, opposite t b e City Hall,to P a t Down am iA H PopularAttempts Sove-Brooklyn, last evening. fencers)—byleadingthismovementtovictory—(re-domesticsense?Gohometoyourfamily,endeavortoBeforethearrivalptMr.Wade,tbemeetingwagad-aPresident.TheywerefoonlontheirbellyImploringGovernorGitt,ofSouthCarolins,tntheCharlestonMet-Diarrhoea 6Inflammationofthroat.2find out what your wife was doing yesterday, to-day, what the remnant o f t h e Know Nothing party—the dark newed cheers)—abd thes alone can w e Bare toe re- •be tt going to do tomorrow; bore her with pertinacity dressed by Mr. J. C. OMSK, who, referrirg to the threats lantern party—to come upend help them, for God's sake.public. (Cheers.) I propose in a very few words tospeak of the great question of the day,andto give yon my views of the republican party.I will not occupy your time long, for I am aware thatothers are to follow me. I say, la the first place, that tbe taking a su;> against which they rebel and always will.republican party has a wrong idea, beeanie it undertakes ItIsanInterferencessunnecessaryasitisoffensive. Hetskedwhetherthereweresnypersonspresentwho incompatiblewiththepeople'sliberties. Tbelibertiesto force sectional Ideas upon t b e people o f t h e And w e people o f tbe South have n o t g o t such good of tbe people wonld stand even though the palaces of theseUnited States, and to nil all offices with members of morals that w e care to have them made a special would be deterred b y the Idle threats of toe secessionists, merchant princes were sowed with salt. (Applause ) snd silence discussion on the subject, I have no hesitation Cirrhosis of the liver... 4 Marasmus, infantile that party. Butalthough they mayhave a perfectand trouble things over which yoa have n o special con- trol,andyouanashewouldquarrelinlessthan fifteen minutes. (Laughter) J u t so with the Booth. This thing of investigating the morals of yonr neighbors isof secession and dissolution, said if Abraham Liticoto be notinauguratedstWashington-onthefourthofMarch next, there are two hundred thousand Wide Awakes who —" will know the reason why."(Laughter.) They wanted to send It to the House of Re- presentatives,whereitwouldberaffledaadgambledfor to the advantage of stock jobbers. Capitalists to the great cities of the North were attempting to convince the people of the United States that their Interests wereEpilepsy ErysipelasTotal,Abscess of liver AsthmainsayingthatIwouldnotserve,ifelectedSenator,inthe Consumption contingency alluded to; because I could not truly and pro- Debility, adultexample to the rest of tbe world—nothing to and was answered by a general shout of«-No, TherewasatribeinJudeawhtshworshipped thedevil, boast of, to say tbe least—(laughter)—and w e no." They wished the question decided now, and ence and tried to propitiate bim because he might do them don'tlikethesescrutinizingoperationsthathavebeen ;ijury. Sowithth-semerchants,whoseemed going o n . I t wtuld b e a singular state o f affairs that decided, it would b e decided forever. (Applause) to tbink that conservatism w a s play lng / into• «*. a 8 S S 1 1 6raury......•••••..,....O 6 Scrofula............... 2 1Spine,diseaseof 1 1 4 Ulceration of bowels.... 1"no." So also with the bill to nullify too inramoua Slav?dent to veto it, and be did. War were tbe South opposedto it? It endowed colleges bo the toutbern States as wellss tn tbe Northern States. The slave power had that billcrushed because It knows that intelligence among th amattes i s incompatible with t b e permanency or i t s a ccursed system. ( t p p a u s e ) T b e homestead billto arms from tbe tops of tbe Alleghanles to the was also strangled by tbe slave power—that ac ed bis determination to call out tbe State Guard to preState to be ap and stirring and speaking of the perils thatagate.") They bad mistaken t h e spirit o f the people. Whatever else might be said of the American peop'e, they were s courageous, s brave people, and whoever appeal- ed to their fears weuld have a mighty poor showing. (Applause.) Douglas and Bell, finding that they oould n o tCOMBOS Council— 4 stated meeting was held yester- Heart, disease valvular. 1 Totalvassers sad inspectors for the approaching election.A communication was received from Mayor Powell; ve- chance for the display o f Southern conservatism, aad h e wonder a t it, for he would rather save the Union than toing t b e resolution Of the Board, o f the 16th Instant,Burned or resided. Qasualtien Oaoeality, b y4 6totostnernnoo Lues vetiereaby. If there should he an open revolt It would give a save themselves, had tat eu to saving others. He did not1 Killed or murdered..... 1 thrown from wagon.. 1 Lockjaw 9apprehended tbat its power would be more than adequate totheoccasion.save a hundred of them. (Laughter) Mr. Brown bad authorizing (If it can legally be done) tbe sate of a parbeing b y gun shot.ion of totes •arrived s t the Wigwam, under the assort of the locky and terror are the punishments which God has provided the only spot of ground to th e city worthy of tbe name tot Why, my friends, If you keep on a t this rate—though I Mountain Club a n d t h e Zouave Club. He was greeted for the oppressor: ''The wicked flee when no man pur. t f n park, which, to Its present condition, bids fair to b a tines.am not an old man, and look for the time when there will be s question o f this kind that will v i s e in every house-with numerous cheers. He returned thanks Tor the wel- sueth" What I hold is this, that liberty as celebrated as the Common of Boston, but which it can- Totalcome b e "had received, e n d apologised for h is lock ofwillbeincited wherever there is an openingfor it. voice,wornoutin»hecanvass. Takingoffhiscravat,he wearstbeJhumaDform (Applause, andavoice,"Amen.") The communication wasorderedtobeprintedinthe wanes,joints,Jtc.(Laughter) In regard to this question of slavery proceeded to address the audience. Important as was the Why did not the North feel s n y terror? Because their mil utts, and a'ter eome routine business the Board ad- Brain and nerves ifitbesinful,donotaskthegovernmenttoelectionofsPresicentwhenthegovernmentwasfirstcoursewasnotmarkedbysnysuebviolationofrightandjourned. •onerativeorgans•ay it Is sinful, s a d force u s into a clashing established, he undertook to assert tbat it grew more im justice. He, defied tbe South to come and show where the Beart and blood vessels. 1 0 Cacertaln seat and gene-ftowse.) A 1these were partakers in the revolution, andwere present intnaConvention that settled tbe doctrines of principles that will cut us tothe very red. Como to portant every four years. No magistrate, therefore, North had violated sny right of even tbe slaveholder. Nxw RAUSOAP n Niw JsnsiT—Preliminary steps have Lungs, throat, to 181 ral fevers 49us,Ifyouwill,asindividuals,butasabody leaveus shouldbeelectedtothisgreatofficewithouttbemoatse- TheattemptsmadetogetupapanicInWallstreetre beentakenforstrsneaoftheNorthernRailroadofNew Oldage 6 stone. Dosotcomestuswiththelaw. (Applause.) If riousconsiderationofthepeople.Ithadcometothisnov, mindedhimofthefableoftheassandthelion,whomet Jersey, to connect Epgtewcod (Bergen county) with Skin, Ac,anderuptiveUnknown 1 Urinaryorgans......... 1youinterferewithourslavery,whynotinterfere with thatthepeopleoftbeNorthweretobesubjectsofthe Inafieldwheretherewasnothingbatcorntoeat.the NanuetontheRocklandbraachoftheErieRailroad.our religion' Why not locate and defend th e Baptists, people of a minority at the doutb, or were to resist with jackass eat bis dinner, but the Hon said, "I can't eat corn; This will bring the latter place within twenty six miles or theMethodistsortheCatholicsastherepresentativesof thatdeteratnationwhichshouldcharacterizea freepeso wbstamItodi-' Sothesetsaidhewouldgointothe JerseyCity.revere...............26Total-Of whichS3worefromviolentcauses..39021 4* 8 1 11 2b S>8 2 1. 1 l>.25i. 390therulingfaith, bywhichmen areto liveanddie? It pie. (Atplause.) There never wasa time whenthetlon o f the country was elected, the gorernmaat was t o ter.) Iamtbe last manwhowould wish to tauot abestopped andtheUnion dissolved. Ifthey were to weakerfoe,and I could pity theirposition;butI will aubmit to this it would be coanglng the form of the gov ray this, tbat secession is s universal edict of emancipa-AGBS.100 UtoMyesrs66 80to40years 4 1 40 to 60 years 16 (0to60years2 60to70years 2 70 to 80 years 2 80to90years 8 BOto100yearsSI 100 and upwardsRATI\rr ins... 1 Russia..w-12 Scotland. . . 8 United States... 33 Unknown... 76 West Indies...1 —maybedonewithasmnchgrace. IfyouIntend tofixthe morals o f t h e country let us have a church govern-ment at once, which shall teach ns the right from thewrong, and keep us from driving about in tbe dark, with- fetter tl... nice that if a man not satisfactory to a smaT' sec by the gods, Twas almost frightened myself." (Laughthicket and bray s o a s t o frighten o u t other animals, when tbe Hon could help himself. He did s o , and when hecame backbeasked theHonwhether hehad not frigbtenei all the animals. "Yes," sail the lion; "andof defeating the people the election into t h eof tho United s u t e a b>v throwing House o f Representatives B a tColored Hume Hospital.. 3Hosr>''*l I Work House, Blackweli'eished, but old 'Abe Lincoln will reign. A man so Canada West.spectastovote against AbeLincolnbecause these traitors tell you they will dissolve tbe Union? Is taoreWeek ending Oct. 80,1868 343—Increase. (Deaths from scute disease 21442nor In the country. The great republican party are the only party that bear the ark of the old covenant uf liber tythatstandsintbetrackwhereallthegreatfathersa i hout flDding a bulyer; tales of 18,600 busoels Canada West at 77c. for B»y,82c for medium, 86>£« tor diolje; 2600Ufhe'sgoodptateat70c,andcarlotsat70ca 72c ; the supply afloat is large. Whiskey, 22«cOct SO, 18601 { (Oct. 27, 1860 \ {" u " "**chronic disease....\tn 414 externalcauses,eto.44acute disease 214 chronic disease.,..137 390was,nottbatitwasdesiredtopatslaverytntotheTerritories, but that it waa to vindicate the grea"principle"ofpopularsovereignty. (Laughter PositedturLiucolnandHamlin.(Laughter.)sales17,000bushelsat521Oatssteady:tales14,000 Points' own declaration, at the close of last session Women are never the advocates of Injustice buihels at27Kc to New York. lake imports—14.000bblt. floor,3H8.(CObushels wheat. tX000 bushels com. haded by ail iovers-'of the UTMo?L NanotaB"»" * TM verted from freedom to slavery more than a degree and a And now, gti tjemeo. we are on the eve of a great victo- Canal exTortt—189 000 bushels wheat, 61,00) bushels!r r IIy!I 83b r T% b e was, tbat hisprinciple of popular sovereignty had con- snd oppression. (Three cheers f>r the la-lies.)to be peaceable and prosperous tt « 0 « f r « 1bo free P!rc. <Ani. ause > ' "H **Of' the em This declaration was made by Douglas In the interval be- can citizen stands up and gives bis vote If he besad unfettered withuotand left to discharge tl own the interference of any other(Applause ) PMCHOKMR.BOTEI.KU,OFVrtOnnAtweentheCharlestonConventionandtbeBaltimnreConveollon. Hodeemed that bythis meanness bewouldget Southernvotes. Butho badstooped tooInfinitelylow, and hat acted loo basely, to be trusted any moreUntitled Documentby the South. T h e republican party, therefore, was not for the agitation on the tubj*Mst of slavery.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com(irrpyputyourlanternunderhisnose,sndifbebedull enlightenhim,Hon. A.R. BormxR wttgreeted withapplause. He iressnte-Mr. Wade spoke for over two honri snd a half, andwas much stplaudcd throughout. There w a s ao outsidemeeting held attbe tame time, at which speeches weremadebyJ,J.Couch andOliver T.Beard,thellatt^ran-Eouncine himself as a converted Breoklnridse democrat York. Lake imports—179,0t0 bushels wheat, 13.500en-steady: fleur 49c,wheat.v.,.t„ notAwiseprovided tor. Inthis instance theguagieg the error We must not extend t h o; i:5' «• • • ;of Jbhn & Dnrcy. 8Uss Oondlt, Joel Pnrker s n d Theodorethus composed of two Breckinridge democrats, three Douglas democrats and two of the Bell and Everett party. JoBsrsvDomexanWon*orHiaMASXSBS—Notwlth- standtegthatnUnionticket,satisfactorytobothsectionsthe Bmrnm. JU-Ji-tnmthe of the election of —Revolved We regard the election of Abrahami Lincoln t n ^ e Residency and H4nnibal Hamlin t o the Vice Pre s**££«.anDoCvertact"ofbostillty W * * 2 * £ fe North, M d as a de»larntlon o f war upon the rights o f theALBABT,OctFlour without change a a d heavy. Wheat—No salesCorn—NoWesternmixedhare.Oatslower:tales20000 butbetsstateat860Barleydull:8?ateneglected-70c for3,000bushelsState,and86Jicfor7,500bushelschoicesales or 6,900 bushels Milwaukee club at $1 06; 12,000 bushels N o 2 Chicago spring a t $101 a $102. Corn dull and n o tales. Oats steady: sales of 10 000 bushels a'. 27>ie Wh'skey nomlral at 21c. Canal freights firmer; 19c on wheat snd 17c. on corn to New York. Imports— e.OGObbls of Doer tnd 196,000 butbels of wheat, 4,000 hi she:« of core. Canal exports—2.CC0 bbls. flour, 136.000 bushels o f wheat, 8,CC0 bushels o f cornrecreate this week. DANIEL241butbels Icdians a t £8c O.her grains quiet. Canal fro gatebushels d o . o n private terms. Corn d u ltft&A&ftw^i^^-jjf Jija^»j•V SHEET.•Mtscellstmeoms Politic*! IntelUgestee.sales 0.000 l*j, andcorn 17c.toNew90.41 80.33 30.84K 30.41 50 N. B. . a 30>SiM H. K MmissU>N. I aomlstis. w29. I860^ 3 ,TWKMY-SECOSDnerallyuBderstoodthatbewasslooeontheseasoftho F Chapman, of Madisop county, for Congress, lathe Importers.DIBTRIICT.—TheDemoerntleCongres-place of Hon. Wm. Doer, who declined.A DEMOCRATIC NIGOK DKSTCO tHsttioar Of Scrnuttf>.CBAEQIO FPIRACY ASD YOlOIT AnTtT' BOARD A SLAVER.•aatYOJGO SRetotved, That Hannah Glun shall receive one hundrel paddles if ever iound Iwitbin tbe limits or this Com- mittee, j8 Fever, intermittent....". 1 «. . S Fever, nervous 3 that "every true hearted Southerner is or opinion that Bleeding from boweis... 1 Fever, puerperal 4>Bleeding from the longs. 1 rerer, scarlet 17thus:—Out with your banners, men of the SouthI The beg garly abolition crew will toon be upon you! Your &afeiy liesinyourownbraveheartsandstrongarmsConvulsions,adult 1InflammationoTliver..2 Convulsions, Infantile... 28 Inflammation of lungs.. S6 Oroup 2 0 Inflammation Of stomach 1TBB GovmuiOR or SOCTH CARCLMA DxcustajTo GO TO TBS UBITBD STATXS SXKATB — W e find the following letter frometuy-—Some partial friend, over the signature of "A Citizen,''DiphtheriteDysentery6 Jaindteef Pleurisy1 Smallpox.. 1 Teething21 C 2.ft*to the Mercury of the 17th tost., having nominated me for United States Senator, "If no dissolution of this Union should take place upon t h e election o f Lincola t o the Presidency;" o n t h e next d a y , another writer, over the sit nature o f "Many Citizens," Insists upon t h e re-electicn of Senator Hammond. To remove all difficultyI Insanity4 Marasmus,adult•Bronchitis;>-;.*island HospitalLunatic Afyium Black->•.#*»United BeforeHon.JudgeNelson.tthen;H.JSdtcards ttait; Samevt.W. fbrdan.lockers;Sal.... ?li .-0 41Sun.:Mow..32|30MToes. B130..'- :»»• B. S0J9"6ttjM. k.... 3.. 2 ....1 —W ARDS....7 X•.•••••••* mtttaitti ..0 ....114 ..194 ....14& .20 ....218 ....18 .85..30 f2,N.Wed.. 24j3pnjaf!_w_ 30.21 [64 * . W. S0Hl|64|I». W •art AS1 I «" 