 NEW YORKJffiRALD. BDrTOKAMP£•••'•robberies of Job. Wbitcosab, at Rtrliaad, Vawaoat,'ANEWYGR*«EBW&H>AT, AmV&%ami cast all o«r managing politicians of (he provide sleeping accommodations for a surplus PROGRESS O f THE PRINCEOFof twelve hundred at a few hours* notice.j m i eon DOft l i i i i f ' i of the United States Court at Windsor, found a This democratic •xploaka is but the begin- Moreover, it was announced from thefirstthat DrpartarfCfUieThe political news from Centra! America and theBouth Pacific is somewhat Important. In New Gra- the! orator a very high opinion of the speech. nada blatters were in about the same posture as atlast advices, neither party baring doae anything •Oh. yes," waa the response. "I always did ad-present ferry, conducted as it is, there is node Havre. A decree of arrest and imprisonment had been Issued against Mosquera, In which he was al- so deprived of his rank and title of General.mire that speech of the Governor's." But, al- though npon popular sovereignty this speech of Mr. Douglas is the old story, there are somecitizens of the sleepy city of Annapolis and Baltimore, Norfolk. Washington and the adja- cent places, an opportunity to gladden their eyestof July, or grand celebration day—there will of these prtvinses arc successfully pursuing, within tbe change on New fork }{ a *, per cent premium.precincts of your town, tbe studies which I have myself Ba: rjfORB, August S, 1560 be a catastrophe on one of these boats that Will abandoned, oniy for a time, that I might come to these Flour qniet. but firmer. Wheat firm: red SI SO a SI M appal the entire community. They habitually lands. I thank you for your kind recollection of my white SI 00 a SI 60 Corn firm .yellow TSc a "So :whit.-captain is said to hare committed suicide.The steamship Asia, from Liverpool on the 21st and Queenstown on the 22d ult., arrived at this port yesterday afternoon. Her advices, however, were janticipated on Wednesday by the PrinceAlbert at B t Johns. We have but little informa- tion concerning the morements of Garibaldi. Berioaa disturbances had taken place at Naples, and several persons were killed. The news from Syria [is rery alarming, and fears were entertained at BSyrout of the utter extermination of theIn another column we give Lord apology to Mr. Dallas, and also a pithy iartlcle upon the same subject from a Londonpa peiI steamer Great Eastern left this port yesterday far Old Point Comfort and Annapolis, having j one hundred passengers on board. The ex- demerit created by her departure waa not greaterthan p a t caused by any of the mail steamers when leaving for Europe or California. We give a full account of her appearance and departure else-Prince of Wales left Halifax and arrived stN. * . , yesterday, where he waa receivedby thf usual demonstrations of loyalty. Onr rc*-Urs,especially the ladies, may prepare for a r.t * .-.•;.-».tioo. i It is announced that the Prince will tmbarfcgovernment, into its independent manhood as a sovereign State.Beekct K. Howell his been appointed s Second Lieu- means which could be adopted. The finest tenant, in place of Baker. Howell is a brother in-law offor England at New York, and the royal squidron the stormy sea of politics. He was a fire-eater.dent Dr. Atkinson, of Cleveland; Vice Presidents;, Dr. CjUrsicnists on the recent trip of the Great ing Secretary, Dr Taft,of Ohio: Corresponding Secreta-scription of the contest ia given hi another column Anothertrialofspeedbetween thefamoustrot- ting horses Flora f ample and George M. Patcheacam* off yesterday. Flora waa deenred the win •ar, after a spirited content.Th* Emmet Guards of New Hav©fcv who have been oa avbxt to our city during several days paat.taak their departure for home last evening, Tmrbsg the day they viattai the various public in- atitofcmaeamea^riW.aadsatdowntoAf.tre waU.ettnner i* the •waning with the Sixty-ninthngthened by denouncing Caleb Gushing as TOLBDO, August S, 18*0.v if ever, disappointed; but in England an ex- The Republican Congressional Convention for the Fifth esynonymeoftreacheryendcortup«ioa— cursionislookedttponasaroughandtumble district assembled here to-day, and nominatedHJU.James M Ashley for re-election by acclamation D. W. H. Howard was nominated for elector.I m p o r t a n t L e g a l Dactaloau PBUADRTTHIA, August 2.1860The Supreme Court this morning decided in favor of the cc.,Ki t ut lonai iij> and legality of the act of the Legislature, Uke Governor Wise, of Virginia, though caee the purveyor of the Great Eastern was no in reference to the- erection of public buildings. The con -mere fit for the duties he undertook than that trait must be submitted to tbe Oounifte. ThissettlestbeqcestioaoftbeerectionoftbejOUyLincoln.de*tatul the republican* sbail tail to uute we a-e ap .irehebStve that the woratot .11: ^ati-iua. catamit •* win htfai!theomiairy.inthe*.•OOMofthat<o-r pt.fn.iUr»l •nd unit American combination Ix-t ns ^) >ai> t^e e«o te>t united M oue man a:>d tuaue ,^um n raise, witu a coii.raoo i.urpur« to accomplish a c >*ni .0 go •*.JtesoJvcd, Thatafter the State Couveniioe thiscomm.U t«r erdl throw aself iuto tin; ^*jvn».s witri the *ia»for membership.sahditted, ami a resolution adopted oafflng for a reportofthecondition andworkinfofthepresent Quarantine system, withaviewofsettlingthe drnmatlisB tajat have heretolsre cxistod oa aooosat-sign in the North waxen hot and pungent;thepolitician-concernedarebeginningto thing,andadisciplineamongtheservantsthat bowingtotbevastaadiecwe.anaocDccdtaewirenottightQuarantinetelesoutofseloot;anithattheprospectis wouldlaveinsuredplentyandcomfortinthe enough,aadwithdrew,boldlysellingaaaudienceamothfr evening, to the Douglas young demo- the Great Eastern sensation was evidently ovir;cracy of New York, assembled aU Saratoga Springs.advantage in some of the other Spanish Ameri- can republics.turn to Windsor Castle and to the renowned University in Which jour Roya! Highness is enrolled, your Royal Highness may convey ip her Gracious M»jeity,our be- lived Queen, the assurance of the sentiments of inviolab:* tevalty tothethroneand of affectionate veneration forIn the main, this speech of Mr. Douglas re-for when she returned, in two days afterwards, she regained her moorings without the least display on the part of the people. Few knewport yesterday from Aepinvall, with thePacificmail* sad $0fW,67s in gold, and the passengers minds us of a famous speech on the slavery that she had returned at all. and still fewer ap- wMch left Ban Francisco on the 11th ult. The ad- question, delivered in Congress many yearsago peared to care whether she hr.d or notvkef from California and our other possessions on by Mr. McDowell, then a member of the House Yesterday she made her second excursion, the Iracific coast have been anticipated by the from Virginia. An outsider, who had beenTHS STATEN ISLAND FERRT.—We believe it is tiie constitution, which pervade all ranks and classes of now arranged that an opposition ferry is to be bjer Majjesty'i subjects ia this portion of her dominions;clearest terms, repudiates this thing of popularsovereignty in the Territories as a heresy, and Not alone have we cur great national fair, which quite as clearly affirms the equal right of but we have also our State fairs, county fairs, thepeopleofalltheStatestogoIntothecorn-mob Territories of the Union with their pro-perty of every description, slaves and alland their right to the protection of said prc-Mr. D. 8. Dickinson left this afternoon for Baltimore, our Prince with the earnest affections of a devoted, man-where be is to speak to night in favor of Brecktaridge and Lane.arrorsrrarorm n TOT MASLVR CORPSperty by the local and federal authorities, untilinstrumental in spreading a knowledge of agri-tain, in place of Slack, and Second Lieutenant Adam N. lage ever become the city of tbe beautiful basin beyondthe Territory shall have passed, or is passing,were [drowned and part of the cargo lost. The from its minority, as a mere child of the general rivalry among our farmers, than any otherHighness is now about to sail, the rise of that city will and steady sales 15 000 ewbeta at 41*ic a 43c., la store date from the royal selection of this port for your em- Oats steady Receipts—600 bbta. n o . j \ Gw 000 binVi* barcation to day, in commemoration of which it has beea wheat, 67 000 busbr-ls core, 40.000 bushels oat* enit> designated by the people, and we humbly trust will also meats—1,600 bbls. flour, 03.000 bushels » neat, 292JSSman among a thousand to talk to the people.(ut how shall we describe, or in what cate-gory shall we place, this extraordinary harangue attract a more numerous attendance than ever,of Gen. Foote at Saratoga Springs. We are in consequence of the extraordinary abundance sorry to say that it betrays the soured and dis- of the crops. The farmers are elated at theeast front of the White HouFe, in presence of the Presi- dent, Secretary of W«r, and other cabinet and army officer:.. They will be escorted to Washington and Mountthathewouldesteemthechwgeofnameasacomph n4ct to himself, but would truat u to th* loyalty of tae inhabitantsit16theonl>orgao.ZAtiaawh-usbr«pre^o.iUt»*[K-o^le. do uow ro'.terat* it* exclusive claim to reguju-Uy, aad deny that any other body a-«umiag .to be 1Ut , a 1, Com m<ttee has tho least auUir»itj for so doing.age u«H *-»severance. He has been a memberof (tr»- f'aited States Senate, Governor of Mis-siaifppi >.n<f loves diaHnction; but of late yearsae-ba«>>- - -«t high and dry among the drift-garners, and will, no doubt, viait the fairs in much larger numbers than usual.Brunswick, al noon, amid the roaring cheer* of the eaibu- Btastir multitude.alt the i>.i.th*ru iJUtt* votiug lu ©oucurreii.e). dec-ded the qua-won ot' regularity in this State aga.ust the iXMt Commituv , of which .lobn A 'ireou, J-., ,- Chaiifiiai..wejed sh . HI, i-hore by the winds and waves of Tii. GRIAT EastKR:. ExcutsiOK.—There isTTIR DKCTAl COXV BjrtkOl.The American Dental Convention have eieclad as Presi- h. Qriug the salute at Hal.fax an art.Ue-faiaa was R»-*iilv»d, Thai tbe denocratic republican eisctors o*But, with this double mission on hi.» hands,the labors of general Foote are worse thanuseless. Hefomentsdiscordwhereheshouldpreach harmony. Does he imagine that he isworking to defeat Lincoln in denouncing Mr.BuchananasanotherTiberius,andhisadminis- NewYork, thosewhogoonasteamboatex- tration as an "ir 'olerabie despotism?" Or can cursion expect to find all the comforts andMoatrtHai. on fcu^rday , Ac^un 11, »t -, cht OVIJCA ? Secretary Floyd for Virginia, only two cabinet officers teejn to twenty minutes. He argi.-ed that there could b> no M..tor the purpose of organ: lit n, » . ! with fw" }x>w?''•^ corrupt a man as the world has ever sebn;"ana John Slidell u "a low manager—a tricksterIn office?" It h evident that the personal fun.Sews from Plate's Peak.8r. J o * * , Mo,, August 2|i»6a.grievances of General Foote as a politician aref.-ob Pike's PeakThe jexprtas from Denver City, waich ar-ived last energy and vigt»r which led it to victory last Decembe»'much for his discretion as an advocate, andThere can be no doubt that in the presentnight, brought 314,052 m dust. an.i that wv promise tbe demucracy .'" the .*ut« that Kew Vork c*ty w i l susuun ite.1: m th * c r s a . doaptte ^herje are at present about 100 quarts: mill* ia the 'be cotr.pt .iflui>uces of either the Mew Vork Cu£mmthe handle.t all events, cur readers, frcm the speeches 1 question, will perceire that the Douglas 'A Large Anet<m e Hoaxed. ATMART, AugUSt t, I860on, while others make from $90 to S100. Six men In one reguar Conventloa, to be held at Sv-*caae »c tbe rteacta'rasadtakenouthithreedaysfourandahalf pound* ni-uut,andto certify cralciitata uf"thosewhoareth-st otgold. Other claims are worked with equally as good elected, aod to decide all qucationa la retat aa to sodbthatbeiireourDoug'.agdemocratsandBreck- eating departmentatallevents. Withregardinridgedemocratswillhavesettledtheirlittle tothesleepingarrangements,itmaybere-differences among themselves, "OldAbeLin- marked that only tight hundred people woreibg the heavy storm which visited our city fester day tbe Seooad ward school bouse and a resideaee wereday high and dry on the beach.to learn that the Grand Jury, at the raceat sasatentm true bill agaiaat him. Hit trial wttl take place nbg of a ow«ti«©#tMb*;*ritb-7wt*> there was only stateroom accommodation on His Arrival enAltar V toe of,Mr. Bvuoev reported. tioooftheTtarArrr*Advocate,statingthatfailedanmakeanapprapritttoaforIt,sad rslyupon,thesupportofUnrharaPrtareewd Hi«lon ibr aH.JwSii,H.in)Heworganize what is termed a Biennial Coneention, far the mutability of the public mind, and the ra- the snip herself. The responsibility of the failure half past eight o'clock.AttheOctobertermoftheCoort Moreandmore-—t—z»+^~^. evidenceoftheguiltofWhitcombiscoaatantlT sowCheseedsofapoliticalrevolutionhistory boardforsixhundredpeople.omna.v.eoaaaaor« * 5 ^ •"•"•**:, coning to light, andthechance*ofatenyears' ^tiflideitce in the penitentiary are good.tellsci,areseldomamong thosewhoreapthe However,nomatterwhatfaultfindingthere barvBst. i may be with the arrangements for comfort on• anciAx ossraiCH t oWumsos, K. S., Aufost S, 1860|W•ti"W»j»«rMM*.to entertain the passengers properly nets upon out.bfurnishedbythecaseoftheGreat thepurveyor,whohadBOIdeaofwhatexcur^Ja number of the Juatices of the bunrenae CourtthepurposeofrevisingtheroleaoftheCourt;but not being able to get a quorum. the Cooveatioa ad joomedwithouttransactinganybusiness.piditywithwhichgroatpopularexcitementsdieThe following addresspras tttea read tothe Prtece on the baloooyofthe Clifton House, ui presence of avast multitude collected below:—Mr. a n t e s reported in fnror of hailingotei nialSBBBBBBatWatertawn,which,afteri waanacnedProfessorTeu-swi,ofMawYork,submittedreanfe tionsof respect for the late IBBBBBW Gasdr.ea, iboard, there appears to be but one opinionGB>*T EASTSBA RxcrrKarcM* Dnyo with regard to toe officers of the ship. They The Prlnee and suite, with the Leg'slature, left Halifax ing, and one declaring that the mien of the asaaclal^n a qphonagrnphic report of Bat | - f i p nf thf nrnl — of this 8Ute met in Albany on the lat instant, to OCT.—One of the moat forcible illustrations of did their duty well and faithfully, and so did by special train at seres A. ML, and reached Windsor a been sadly abused, both of which were tabled.iRSjr.al Anw« ( / H W / r « i e m emrfer . / A * wmMs V — d . «*»_»» eakw of about 1J69 bales, etostagwith Sxmness an the New York which called forth a heartier demon- to pay any price for decent accommodations. atd Ireland, Prince of Wales, Duxn of Snxoay, Priaoe aatent by Miss Harriet E. Abbott, in behalf of tee lade'rSF^MtM.T *MMAU> m WiiPs*TVrV*s«LT Bs«VW/T» TO 8AAJ. ALL [**TIBs» * * » *>•«AwnBoinB ran srnii/ps OARDIX,Th* cotton market was quite steady jreaerdsy, • * * Eastern. Few event* have over occurred an sionists require in this country, who are willing T4 the Most High, Faineant and niustnousrrincc Albert f xl ward, Prince of tne LniUsl KiagaMB of Great Britain, ^tfrtv^*Va)ijiBff o/r/>aurca,A beautiful specimen of aalt was presented to tee Preb«i» of quotations given in another column fee Seer market i n s heavy, and prices tor most descriptioni of common u d medium grades closed with the turn of the market at aver of aarehaaera. Wheat waa henvj and closed dull, while sales were SHr,ant prices,especially » r common qualities, ween Irregular, with a tendency to- wards lower prices. Oora opened with steadiness, but closed flat and tan saleable, except at somecoooasMM ta favor of purchasers. Pork waa Armfor mesa, wh.• prime waa freely offered. M a s of new mean were madestration Of enthusiasm than the arrival of tiemonster ship in our harbor The people tunedout in thousands from every quarter of thecity when her coming was announced, and gaveher an impromptu ovation when she made herappearance steaming up the bay. While she Dimifry, Minister to Costa Klca. arrived here inlay at our wharves not less than a hundredof toburg and Gotha, Great Steward of Bontiaad, Puts of Corn wail and Rotas*?, Esrl of Chester. Csrnck aad Dublin, Baron of Renfrew and Lord of the Isles, K. G. :—ay it please your Royal Highaeas, we, the loyal la iiaste of the township of wiadanr, of the county ofpa the province of Nora Sootia, bag Mav* to *p your Royal Highness to offer the hamble exprea a heartfelt weloorfe, and to tonal your Royalfur the unprecedented honor o f this op Ity, condesoeodicgly offered as, of svowlag earteachers of Syracuse, whwh Mr. MeKUigottr-- hi a handsome speech.Tbe Association took a recess till two P. M. The aaanciaUon reassemble* at twe.The reports of tbe oCtoers aad dosing aThe committees on the various subjects directed to be reported upon st the next meeting were announaed. The offk-wi ft* »>»» mania* veer wire elected aa Stoma- President, F- A. Sbstdoa. of Oswego: Vice Pretidmu, J.fifty thousand people visited her, and theyWIATEBCARDS*, at919Wia$t»»,andofnewprimsat$14a$14.$>,.fromallpoint*,byrailroadandsteamboat,toMontoalegreforthesettlement,byajointcorns'|drcepsctfortheeminenttalentsaadvirtuesofbarmgSecretaries,JamesAtwata,ofLeekport,aadAtt.Powe U»xz*-Csajnv*a— MUUI re* burnWAU^ACM rmurax, in row A m u .The government contract for 6,000 bbls. wan taken on enjoy the privilege of examining her imxetjae missioQ, to sit at Washington, of the claims of private terms The government contract for beat was proportions. On her first excursion in Ame- our citizens against the government of Costaro>al Coiisurt. aund our fervent aspirations aad hopes for _ Jong career of aad gtery for yoar "the foyel feelings of this oldest University townCtapp, of Caaadaga; Treasurer, W. K. Read, of Nee basgv .A poem 00 musx a s s delivered by J W. Barker, gfIn theevening a grand social gathertagofteacher*aad rrtsedsofeducation WMbelt mWfetlag Hal'. ?>»p*cittaeasof Syracuse sad tbe officers, aud a sumber of adTeams Fifes.Nse Outaass, A-igusl S, lSHalso taken yesterday. It embraced 1,600 »Ws , delivere-blt at the Wavy Yard, Coapsrt, at 913 TS; M U do. at theNavy iard,Brooklyn,atUS&,and2,000do.attheNavyVarfl.Charleetown, oo private terms. Sugars were more departure. Along ihe whole line, from her at San Jose* on the 6th, and approved by thatactive, but irregular la prices, and cloaed at >«'c. lower moorings to the Battjery, the piers and shipping body on the 11th of the same month. Thison the week's sales, t h e transactions embraced about and housetops were crowded with eager spec- prompt action on the part of the government of uioaor has continued during sacoeasrre years to answerBAjftMciraMMKUCAMrnqmrm.EmdaM-tteyand 1.400bids.,atpricesgiven inanotherplace. Coffeewas Arm, while sales were modorAte at full prices. Freightstators; guns thundered from all sides, and afleet of steamers and boats of every size and rigiewiseandbeaevoieatpurposesofitsfounder,andknow. Costa Rica presents an example worthy of limi- use that to King's College, under tbe royal charter then tation by our own Congress, It is stated that granted, have been educated in religion, in literature aad IRscience a great number of tbe clergy, many of tbe most theclaimspresentedamount,ontheirface,to distinguishedmembersoftbebenchandbar iathisand the neighboring colonies, many mibtarr men, whoseGalveston dates of the 31st u'.t say that thetargeSeer, ing and lumber mill at Austin was burned oa tee SMS. Lot*$100,000 TbearewastheworkofaataceadaryWA.TI9KAL T A a n m m . oi*«hen street-Dows B m x - continued arm, while engagement were moderate. M.L>«c*u-aiau0—rumsABBBATTBB.rALACB evULDKT R l M M l i iC C A A Mi n T K K B U R T t J O B C R R T S A L O O N , O B B r o a d w a y . -Soaisaac. PiBO. *f« BBOABWAT.Mew Vnrk, Prtaay, Awn;mat 3,1B60._#—f—• —— —The News.The! stesnabip Morthern Light arrived at thisHot W o r k F o r A a g a a t . was darkened with groups of admiribg F u l l l e n g t h w w s p r e a d b e f o r e o u r r e a t f e w v i s i t a n t * . N o t h i n g c o u l d e x c e e d t h e e x c i t e -this morning the late remarkable campaign ment of that day.readiness with which Mr.Dimitry has obtained several others, Including members of the different re- ligious denominations, equally conspicuous in tbe various t h i s c o n v e n t i o n f o r t h e e x a m i n a t i o n a n d s e t t l e - w a i n s o f l i f e , a i l o f w h o m h a v e e v e r m a n i f e s t e d t h e Srmeet allegiance to the British throne and government.ment of these claims, shows the propriety cf our But we are aware that your 'Royal Highness has only atown, and confessed' be was incited by two aboiitieuiM to burn the townfolly a hundred thousand people witnessed her cluded on the od of July, sent to the Congressas our highest privilege aa 1 Singular honor to " to greetyoturBevelSghaaaslatie iasMstarting for Annapolis Roads, whither she goesoverland expresses. among his listeners, seized the opportunity of at the earnest solicitation of our Southern stowed upon the people of New York. On!the reply4- _the adjournment to express to a colleague of neighbors, who offetted the directors the hand-CB*TT£BX>—TOe address wbich you have presented to 60; business small, but prices firm. Pork firm at SSI.fiercely opposed, but it is nevertheless a fixed fact He telle us that the President, is that conver-now. Mr. Dimitry, the United States Minister, sue- sation, admonished him that if he resisted sion, ghe took only one hundred passengers,The Prince was ins plain, neat morning drees, and look-ed as fresh and merry as when be landed at Halifax. He wheat, in small parcels, comprising 2,000 bushels newthe administration the administration wouldof arranging the United States culms against Cos- reeist him. Thi? was a fair warning: Cape May, and thess were principally South-lekt in company- with the Duke of Kewctstle and Lord Mulgrave by carriage to Heatssort.Tbe weather is beautifulThe Prince arrived at Hantsport, from Windsor, at a quarter past eleven o'clock this morning, accompanied by upwardsoftwohundredcarriages. Immediatelyonstep- ping from his carriage the following address was read — To the Most High, Puissant aad Illustrious Prince Albertwhite Michigan oa private terms, and about 2,000 busk- els Mediterranean at SI 20, and old white Michigan a' 91 43 Corn unchanged and leas doing: aatas 12,009 bosh els, afloat and at depot, at 69Me, a 60c.. Oats in msderats demand sales 22,000bushelsat37jtfe.forOaaada.SSt. for Western sod oar lots of State, delivered, aad 3 9 c few State, afloat. Whiskey dull.ceeded in negotiating a convention for the purposeinstead of two thousand who went on her tota Rica. Theconvention will aitinWashington. and ifthePresident hasfulfilled hispromise,A son of the Minister, Mr. John Dlmitry, came the Senator, we presume, has not been disap- There were not more than about two hundredpassengerintheNorthernLight,asbearerof pointed.HehasfoundthePresidentamanofpeople on the pier to witness her departure; noleawAsamtrroHwarmWORKSCaptain Beobam, chief engineer of the water works, iaBUFFALO.Augustt—1P.M Flour steady and unchanged. Wheat firmer turn 10.000 bushels mixed old and new Chicago spring aterners, who took this novel mode of going home.despatchTM. his word, which is more than we can say ofTheofficialgasetteofGuatemalarecommendsmahyothermen,evenofsomenotebthefleetofexcursionboatsaccompaniedher,andhere,andhasnearlycompletedhisarraoganenteforgo- Edward,PrinceofWales,DukeofSaxony,PrinceofSIOS,10,000bushelsnewredwinterat9191Corathe abolition of Congress. An impression prevail- ed that Walker would make a descent oa Omoa or Trajflo.Chile continues prospering and improving. More mines have been discovered, and further works of iatenia! improvement are projected.world.Mr. Douglas next, in pleading his plea of Territorial popular sovereignty over the slavery question, tells us that all the great lights of thealtogether the affair was perfectly flat and do- tog on with the work. He has taken the rooms just va-Coburg and Gotha, Great Steward of Scotland, Duke of steady: sales 60 000 bushels at 99c. Other gra.ai un- Cornwall and Rothsay, Earl of Chester, Oarrick and changed Canal freights firm and unchanged Lake im- Dublin, Baron of Renfrew and Lord of tbe Isles. K. 6 — ports—3,000 bbls flour, SS 000 bushels wheat, 9.^00 May it please your Royal Highness, we, the inhabitants busbeta corn. Exports—30,000 bushels wheat, M000void of all enthusiasm. This Is certainly a striking evidence of the sudden decline of the Great Eastern sensation.cated by the Attorney General for his headquarters, aad the latter has moved into the new wing of the Treasury Building.ofjHantsport, would humbly represent that, in favoring our quiet village with your presence, your Royal Highness confers ou us an honor greater than our words cau ex-bushels corn.BTTFALO, August 2—S P. M. Fl*:ir steady and in fair demand, sales 1 000 bolt athonor is not the less appreciated, nor less thatThe war between Bolivia and Pern had not com- to the interpretaion of the courts. That was the products of the field, cereal and vegetable, and Daniel Warner, of Rochester, baa been appointed tem- would accord to her Majesty. We do not exhibit to yourdoctrine, including Mr. Breckinridge and Ger.. past the agricultural interests of the country the Isthmus, has arrived at Hampton Roads. There isagaiaat Per* hi progressing at a snail's pace. It is Lane. But that was in 18."6. accompanied with have been greatly aided by the means of agri- some fttlk of increasing the strength of the surveying acknowledge through tbe gracious permission of your hkeiy to be a long time before the aflhir is settled. a general understanding to leave the question party to accompany Lieutenant Morton, august mother. We joyfully accord to vour Royal High-The arrangement of the United States claimsd«Vp and tasting sense of obligation our hearts must evermenced , though both sides were preparing, and expecting it, as they had been for several months pastruador mstters remained about the same, rtnent was daily expected between theiof Generals Floras and Franco.steamship Karnak, Capt. Brownless, fromN.P., Joty t», arrived here yesterday She brings the news of the capture at of another slaver. with nearly four hundred Alt leans on board. The slaver supposed the Karnak to be a war steamer, and in endeavoring to escape ran upon the rocks, when a portion of the crewRoya; Highness anything to interest beyond such boun- democraticOldTestament;theNewTestament horsesandcattle,havebeenexhibitedtothe porarily,inplaceofSamuelNorth,specialagentOfthe tiessenaturehasbestowedupoaus. Weboastofnoim- bushelscornwas proclaimed in 18$7. in the Dred Scott de-cision of the Supreme Court, which, in the cultivation has been brought to the notice ofPost Office Department.am. Dicsmsoa'a Dwaavraaposing ediSee, no grand triumphal arch.no meritorious work of art. nor can we proudly point to aceaes of ctasic or historical fame; but, belter far than these, we welcomepublic, but every new invention connected withthe farmer.ly race; we greet the first born eon of our beloved Queenwith feelings of deep st respect, and proudly bail th» wheat. 7«-£c on com Lake imports to-day—430 h'lta future monarch of that glorious globe ear:rcimg empire dour, 39,200 busbeta whmtt. 18,300 bushels corn, 9,499 off which we are a part. We would represent our interest bushels oats Receipts since opi-ntog of navigation tobat who will certainly grumble most fright- folly if they do not got them.CONVENTION WITH COSTA RICA.—A special bearer of despatches from Hon. Alexanderthe steamer yesterday from Aepinwall, with the Convention lately concluded with Presidentloyalty aad unwavering attachment to the W.Oak,oftlnf^W.JtewiBSa, ofRunalo,A.H Lewi*,rican waters, to Cape May, on Monday last, Rica, We team that the Convention was, con- Majesty's wide extended cotonhU poaaeasioaa, we view itaccompaniedher;whileeveryavailablespot-vocu. A*VIs- The Douglas Campaign la t*« North- ortheLongIslandshoreandonStatenIsland verynearlysixhundredthousanddollars.The Heroicachievements have been widely celebrated,and Anegro«ascaught,settingfiretoabuildingtaGeorgespeech of Mr. Douglas at Concord, and the ex- traordinary sfeech of Gen. H. S. Footei theBut with her departure, amid all this enthu-siasm, public curiosity seemed to have died ont;government sending a person as Minister whoia something more than a professional politi-le occasion. We are extremely grateful, and we hopelew- mom fits to bestow for this brief but ever memora-cian,and theexample couldbe imitatedwith agreeable to your Royal fPghness, as it ismost welcome and most gratifying tons; aad that on yo>ir happy re-T h e R e c e n t E x p l o s i o n e n B o a r d t h r L a Croese.Naw Oauuas, August 2. IIS* .Viae persons were killed aad four wounded by the explosion oa board the steamer La CmtEC yesterdayD e a t h o f Horn. J o n a » . W e l l s . Boaroe, August 2, U60H»c John S Wells, a difaiugu'shed citizen of Mew Hampshire, died ye»teraay%l hU resideaee la Exeter.Arrival of the Brooklyn nt Norfolk. NoaroiJ., August 1 . 1J60run to Staten Island, and we can hardly con- tpwn Whose fortress was honored by the presence and ceive a greater blessing which could be be- still btars the came of her Majesty's illustrious fatherM a r k e t * .Ksw CRURAS?. A-Jgust 2, I960Cotton—9a!ss to day Sot) bales, including t-ght balesn e w . a t l D i C . for middling, flour quiet at SS 40 a Hsome Inducement of $ir,000 worth of coal for safety for human life for a single hour; and nle demands my acknowledgements It is a pleasure to lard, in kegs, 14c . lard, in bbls., I4;{c Whiskey,me to visit, even though it be but in passing, this seat of 17>£c. a 16c exchange on London, 9 \ a 9% premium.her homeward voyage, in order to give the some time or other—some Sunday, or Fourth learning in British North America, to find that the sons do, with bills of lading. %Y a P premium. Sightei-grandfather, and for your loyal sentiments. 75c aSOr. Provisions quiet, firm and unchanged Waav There was considerable excitement in Nicara- points in it which make it almost as good as with a sight of the monster of the deep. A vsry run crowded beyond their capacity, and there 'The Prince afterwards led Lady Mulgrave to the public key steady at 20^c a 21cgua, growing out or Gen. Walker's movements. new. He tells us something of his momentous peculiar and characteristically American ar- are no visible means on board of saving a soli- breakfast, when tbe toasts of "The Queen," '-Prince Al Porurmu-siA, August S, 1SSS Flour dull and weak. Wheat active: white SI 40 aThe Congress of Costa Rica, previous to adjourn- conversation with the President on the Le- racgement it was. too. The sailing of the big ship tary life in case of any accident occurring. b^rt" and "the Prince of Wales," were proposed and re- SI 56, red SI 90 a 91 25 Corn scarce; yellow ia demaaeing, passed the grant to Mr. Ambrose Thompson, compton difficulty, wbich was followed b j theofNewYork,ailawinghimtheprivilegeofbuild- fatalanti-LecomptonrebellionoftheSenator. ingarailroadacrossChiriqui. Thegrantwaayesterday presented a remarkable contrast so thesceneofMonday,ortothatofherfirstarrival. There was literally no excitement on the occa-sponded to with vociferous hurrahing.The sooner some other mode of conveyance ' Four magnificent triumphal arches are erected nearat 88c. Whiskey steady at 91c a 29c.AutABV, August 2—6 P. MFlour—Demandimproved,andsameinquiryfromthe East;receipt*notlargeudyesterday'squotationsmain tamed: axles 1.200 bbls There are sales to day of newtoStatenIslandiaadoptedthebetterforthe safety of the community.NEWSFROMTHENATIONALCAPITAL.Oar Special Washington Despatch, WAsmsOTOS, August 2 , I860,tnerailwaystation.rax caiRiQU BIPKDITION.The commission to Cb.iriq.ui has not left here, although-pressoranydemonstrationofourscantestify.Yet, 9487xa96forextraIllinoisandWisconsin.96aSS96 democratic party in 1856 advocated the same AGRICLTLTUIUI. FaiES.—Within a few years the war steamer Brooklyn, detailed to convey them to though our language and our means may fail, that for extra Ohio and Indians 96 60 a 96 for double extra.and even town fairs, in every quarter of theUnion. The value of exhibitions of this charac- of the Marine Corps, in the place of Sutherland, defaulter, commerce to tbe pre-existing ones of blood, of language els barley, 40.443 bushels rye, 16,89* btmhea passter cannot be over appreciated. They are more(lismissrd. <First Lieutenant Kintzing has bsen promoted to Cap-and religion. Our pride is in the British institutions, taws and Hog, to uphold which in time of need we will eyer aid with enthusiiatic volunteers. Should this vil-Canal exports toda?—850 bbls. flour, 11,600 busaew wheat, 24,900 busoeta COTJ, 462 bushels peas.CTHCACA, Angnat 2 . 1860 Flour active Wheat fi-nv sales 50.000 bushels at Me acultural science, as well as creating a generous Baker promoted to First Lieutenant, in place of Kmtzing. o' touching historic interest, and in which your Royal 92c. for Spring 91 a SI 01 for rM, it. store Otra firmSenator Davis, of Mississippi.breed of horses, the best cattle and sheep, ihe Lieut. Grum, of Wisconsin, who captured John Bfrown meet tbe approbation of your Royal Highness sb Prince »>i:Bb»b corn. Freights firm at 6c. on o r a to Balxiorarest poultry, and the richest specimens ©f top. Long live tour Royal Higliaesr. Long may you bight exchange on New Vork, 1»," per cent premium. at Harper's Ferry, waa the chief competitor of Slack for grace tbe mighty throne of Britain, and when in after URonmer, August 2 1664'the great error, then, of Mr. Douglas. Is In grain, green crops and fruits, are always to §0 the place of Quartermaster, but was defeated by South- years, if your august name s'tall be inseparably associated Hour in better demand V'hiskey, 16"^" Bacon 8r«persisting in the Cincinnati platform of 11836, found at these fairs. The amount of money ern cr Davis influence.when it has been superseded by the platform expended upon them, for prizes and for getting AFI'AIBS 0 S TUB RIO GRAMUS.Despatches have been received at the War Departmentwith deeds aa great and glorious as ever hallowed the memory of earth's noblest, may we hops, presumptuous though it may teem, that wbeA, reiaxmgfrom tbe toils of -tate, the mind of the kitg shall revert, may it everholders ask 9.^c a ll>£c Mess pork and !*-d unchanr-d Money in fair demand at 8 \ 10 per cent premium S gat exchange on New York steady at ',' psr cent premiumanecrattc Genera! Loiumittec. AItberegular meetingcf thisCommitteebt-tevening, ct their old headquarters. Mozart Hi',, the following reso- lutions wrre oflfcred by Pen.snao Wo^d, aad uaaaim>i>iyof the Supreme Court of 1857, "the supreme them up, cannot fall short of from half a mil- from Brevet Colonel Lee, commanding the Department of bei with joy and pride, to hi* youthful days, the hoarlaw of the land." Breckinridge and Lane standupimtheplatformof1857;andthisverypbint.atwhichthe trouble withMr.Douglasbegins,is ^be very point at which he stops hi* defence.In other respects this speech of the indomitableliontoamillionofdollarsannually. Texas,datedJuly10, reporting thateverythingremains Thissubjectisrecalledtomindjustnowby quietontheBioGrande frontier, and thatevenrumors astoCortina? orhis men,orof robbersfromtheOtherspent In Hantsport may not have been forgotu-n.The Prince replied as follows:—GsMutBEji—I tbattk you warmly for your hearty aa-t kino weirome. With agricultural capabi'ities oa one side and maritime advantages on tin. other, your town bids tat to rise in consequence and wealth, and f very sincere- ly rWish you every prosperity.<r-the fact that we have received an invitationto the Indiana Agricultural 8tate Fair, to be held in the city of Indianapolis on the 15th ofside ot the river, have ceased.Tax RM,X'T!ON or rax cueAGO SOVAVSJ.The Chicago Zouaves will be received by the President $12,000areofferedbytheBoard.Itisproba- fromMountVernon,andtheywilldrillonthelawnontheadopted —Beeolved. That thu Comalitoe, having proven by th*Senator sustain* his high reputation as an ac-complished and powerful stump speaker—as the October, at which premiums to the amount of at five o'clock on Saturda> afternoon .after their return His Royal Higbnesa intimated thro-4*5 his Secretary popular vcti oi tii'' oauiocraiie part> of this couaty tit»;ble that all the agricultural fairs this year willreceived a greatly Increased interest, and willKeaoived, Thut with this coa^ IcUun we nepoad to Ua Vernon by the Independent Greys, of Baltimore, and concourse of people, aad the Prince and suite embxrked call of the "Stale Central Cmun. 'tiee for th<e vha i-•••^ of iea great deal of talking and grumbling about hewas-J.compromiseman.hehasbeenaKnowthecityconcerningthediscomfortsoftheox-Glbbs,ofWashington,andDr.Clark,ofGeorgia,Itapordblown to piecwBar.DsMttcls.DickinsonInBaltimore. BALTIXOEK, August 3,1*30the several Asaeiubly dtaUicU in this county are hereby uiv.tea U. eieCvt one delegate eati. to a .»e«iucr*tic mate O.avenliot,,calledtoawcmbleat.-yracu*-"<ntbeISth,/ August lost , for ihe poipox.- of Dominating Siat- oSeer* fuj<i an e!ec«or*l tioitet, aad tiie Chair b > »• thor red L>andtjeAdmiralsalsowillprobablyrendezvous at thV point to see him safely off.At the Young Men's Democratic State Conven- tion, p Saratoga, ax-Senator Foote, of Mississippi, delivered an address on Tuesday evening, discuss- ing * e Presidential question on its bearingsNc. t l and South, and cutting and slashing most unmercifully the Taaceys, Ehetb, Keitts, Jeff Daviaandothersofthesecessionschoolofpoli- tics. We give a report of this rich and racy ora* toricil eifott, and likewise Mr. Dough®' speech re- ©eati|r dehvetad at Concord, N. H.Thf race between the celebrated yachts Juliaand trbecca took place vasterlay, and resulted inthe Hat named vessel winning thf plate. A de- be[ suppose th*: the cause of Mr. Douglas is conveniences of a home, and they are rarely,, IngersoS for Congress.Nothing: but he now appears ready for almost anything that will defeat Lincoln and Breckin- ridge, or kill off the black republicans andpunish Mr. Buchanan at the same time.Eastern to Cape May; and, doubtless, with seme reason. The truth is that Englishmen do not understand how to get up an excursion oa the American plan; and, therefore, those who had this trip in charge railed to give satisfac- tion. Excursions are a speciality in this coan- try,andhenceweknowexactlyhowtoconduct them to suit the habits and expectation* of our people. In this country, and especially Inry, Dr. Rogers, of Kentucky; Treasurer, Dr. Dillingham, of Pennsylvania.THX CABUTRT OM TTUS WTXG.Attorney General Black having lelt for thr North; andMr. Dickinson arrived here to-day, aad t« lodged at ajc* iut a CAimrniii.fot five to super.atebJ RUI!, etef Bsfnum's. He was serenaded at half past t-n e'cloct by turns, and to certify to tbe 1 eg jtai it> of the election*, acorflui* to tbe ueUKPS of thte Geaer«] C: «.u» »eeth^ Zouaves' band, of Chicago. He presented himself oa H<-»OiV«d, l i i n Uie dologtue* s.i »i.tsc: j f hai, cooTao* ataffair at best—a kind of scramble, full of dis- comfort, but, at the same time, not destitute of^ueie GotfUe of this morning contains tbe latestiasanenemy,heisnotsafeasafriend.m his habit when least expected, of flying TO; :Mcal fsdlvidualf the Has in the Mcoa; andBall and Court Houses od Pens Sqoare, Broad aad Marketmijiee, only a few of which are up and in working order.*>aieofthoseworkedbyexperienced eag-.neers realisefrofca 9100 to 3125 per day, having rich euarti to operateMouse or tbe A.bany Begeecy. (Mmotion,acammittteofivew**sonointedbytbrCLair, to appoint the tiiue aad pun? for'be e'ecii» « ooe resrteentatlve from oacb Assembly distr-.ct to theit appears thai the directors themselves, as well astheexcursionists,werethevictimsofhmjb> competency. Had ti» entering of the veBfal been in.the hands of any of our hotel keepers, there Would have been abundance of every-streets^•t wofcoaflict between city and State authorities.ithiscityandelsewherewhotostletter*and Thenwwshall,perhaps,haveanewshuffleof passengers, having purchasedtheirtickets ton,ofBangor. TtwiayRev.R.D.Hltabeo* ofthe fromtbefluid.I ^|WKHauwuwjuia[afternoon. AAbontCSOO people assembled instate street tonight to witeesa a man walk aoroase wire, stretchedaurkeaa, while some realise little or nothing.*Eina* «* *M grades prevaUs to considerable extent ia that vicinity.deetruetive tornado passed over Marysviile, Kansas SO,demolishingeverythingInit*wey. Tiime twoonalneashoosm,platformsandprint- were blown to pieces, aad tbe Post-OflBce was aroundandsetintotbestreet. EverybuUdtngis placewasmoreorlessinjured. Nolivesreportedelection.The committee adjourned to tbe next reg'^tarBseathly meeting, the first Thursday ta September.TfceDmCaetaMlaveCaa^Cbargi ax*Per. j«ryagainstMiillamD.HatlajM, IMlali MATK8 CCSUnSMONES'S OTFICS.BeforeCommiaaionerMo"«U.A r c t w i _ K r . CbarlcB Bpeer, merchaat, ef 949 WestUntitled Documentwhile here will quarter at the National Hotel , 'onboard her Msjesty's stpamer Styx, which was lying in!r zates to tbe com ae Htate Ota venben to 'nominate State ofiirer* auo *a etaclorul ticxet.TBS KAX1NX CJTil's the stream awaiting his arrival A royal saUte was bred,appointed politician. Gen. Foote i3 a man of prospect of the harvest, they feel rich in ad Capt. Wm. S. Black has been appointed Qaartermjuter snji the Styx weighed anchor and sai'.eJ for St John, New winch coovci^d at C*arK»u,.j s p . il 28. last, having, pretalent, education, experience, industry, cour- vance in contemplation of their well storedof the marine corps, vice Sutherland dismissed first Lieutenant Matthew R. Kurt-zing,' has bsen promote! to the captaincy thus made vacant, and Second Lieutenant Adam N. Baker to the First Lieutenantcy. Beckft R. Howell has been appointed a Second Lieutenant.lUsolved, That lite Democ.atic Nation A Convent aa, vtous.tt anv d-.sagreemeut or dtaseasiou th-«rc.n (Lea*!/person of our most grackMS Queen, aad to ot Biognamtee. aad Albert AUea of Ogdmsbur, OamT ;lustrious house nnd family; oar exalted admiration ,oodtag 8setese«,Jaa^Cruikalmak,of*lbmy.r;ecorad of an institution founded by his Majestyr a w l a s aeaociatwn cloasd with reeolutioas of thaaia to teatbe Third, the august and illustrimai ancestor of ojal Highness. Believing that the tfoiWrSUy of3 1>at your Roya Highness' visit to Nova Scotia may beArrived in Hampton Roads yeet< rday, United States and not least, tbe yonth of our University, educated in a Sloop of war Brooklyn, from PeoamcetaThe Prince then read, in his usual manner, this briefWheat advanced Ic and in fair demand for new red win tor; stock light; sales 20.000 bushels at M 00. Corn steady and in fair demand; bales'60,000 bushels at SS- Oaoal freight* firm at 40c. on flour, 19c. oe wheat aa J lie oncorntoNew York Lake imports—4,000 bob flour, 40.000 busbeta wb«et, 34.000 bushel* corn. Oaaal experts—200 bbls flour, 29 000 bushels wheat, 84 OSSOwn*), August 2.1880 Flour ouiet add unchanged. Wheat held abive tns views of buyers. Corn held at about S i c , whirb tale. above ahppers' views, market qo*»t Other grains nomina' Canal freights steady at 27c. on flour, S> 00CaptainWm.B.StackhasbeenappointedQuartermaster to be maritime, and chiefly in other trade with Aug!.si 1—03,143 bbls. floir, 1.665.6% bushels wheat, the brother land, thus adding the strong tie of 2 OSS.641 bushelsV-rn, 22S.251 bu*he£ oats, 42 118 bj*nculturalfairsandshows,atwhich notonlytile rosromn apronrramrr. neus,astherepresentativeofourQueen,teereceptionwe1 Three hearty cheers were thea given by the assemb'.idTThe Prince is to embark from N ew Vork on leaving it us, in our opiaip-i, iuenmbeut upiia all w i democ-ataAmerica, aad the Adni.ra'.'s fleet is expecteJ to b? tuere wijth tbe roya! squadronto b . » to Ui_» Ucci^iou, eud to C*H*<- l».»:iutr t„ ta*» State orgauimtiOitruLOgaired b> a uuite: K»t. ;Lu CJJ veitioti Ithe balcony, and was warmly greeted De spoke from fiftt> determiai- aoy couteBted i-,«ciivn c«*es which may ar;s<- *lit^ioived. That the dtlegatef a>i elected are litreby in strurUsdtoexerttheirkfluetic !r:thrUJU-Ooftliepartynaded last evening by the Breckenridge and Lane pom- nounced Douglas as a disorganizer and riwturber, who, in in the suit", v d to brirg sh<, it. i pneyih.,-. u. initirr C>aremain in the city, namely—Messrs. Toucey aad Hoits. SSRKSADB TO KK. KCKi Y-ION.midd'e xround in the Presidential coaiest. either Bre:kin-r:i|ge or Lincoln must be elected The former, h«stid, will Hon.Daniel8.Dickinsonisnowhere. HeWassere- Ix-sustainedbyallreliabledemocratictHatea. H«de-outtoe.the name of the democracy, sought to destroy the partyaud overthrow the constitution. He ur**d the democracys.i';.iatwa, o: «ii liie oppnaenu <.' buck rt^ubi c*n^*m up on ooe electoral m*6 Slate licit•;.fo*oJveu. That we depl.. t the continued d v>0SH>a* ioNominations for Congress. CWAI.II. august 3,18S0.ofMarylandtorailytotbesupportoftbecouatryastliey th»ciuueeis ot tbe demi>c<-ativ- party,and »eurgentlydi i in IMS, and to demand' the withdrawal of Douglas st-K .1 r«uitM;n of its hcattc-n-d • -ui-i.i> -f..' l'-.e *al:e o* theL'uion." li tie present aiOe.-c^eeaahal be carried t» wife was only in tbe field as a promoter of the etectioa J the poita, and those who b*v^ so m tt h *• itai.e m lii^The Democratic CongreBsiona1. Convention fori the Fourth district, held at Peoria today, nominated R G.scc:at!ca Hall to the top of the Museum buildiiwaiting an hour, the performer appeared ta tights at one end of tbe wire, walked out two steps, returned, and•Bowdoin College Commencement. BttCBBWlCK, Me., AttfOSt S. 1860eLough to excite the envy of politicians.The graduating clan of Bowdoin College numbers ftrtv-cojn" Trill have chopped off all their heads to be provided for on Monday morning—the re- nve. Tbe exercises were unusually Interesting The strsck by lighten.K, but not sertonsly damaged. A spaa was offered ac one of the bail ia 93,009 for the phsoaerTwelfth street ahdooreer of Albany and West streets, It may be a matter of satisfaction to the business within his reach, from CapeCod to California. maming twelve hundred, who comprised the degree c# LL. D was conferred on Nathan* Gilford of of boree* were killed in the street. A person bed his Mr. Spev- was exam.aed at length as te bta real aal perAfterMeeting 01"the Ploxart Hall fffattoaal De* Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13069a Semtliary dt!tTW 1Portland; Daniel Ooodenow, of AKbsdTaat^kbaASBtfo. clothes seen bed, b » , strange to say, received no showar.aa' pro;ierty, but on crosaexamiaatioa Or sir. Henn . wboatipearedTortberottedBtates,declinedteanswer some oirst-on *R to the nature v bis real estate aa»«* <»•*«• before %e postage rates by the pony express ta reduced to BStaasBtsBsJ Q A A U S V n*> A *•* * - - a » - * - *» as« • iT . .Hf ^J?^S^fS i. * « www.fultonhistory.com J 