 • aUmuch reversed along the back of the neck that they of the organic world. Wesee them in the relationsM*» • •single variation from the original stock. The steadily increasing size of the common gooseberry, for instance, has been the result of successive -. ex-being, which during its natural lifetime produces several seeds or eggs, must suffer destruction) during some period of its life, and during some season or occasional year, otherwise, on the principle of geo- metrical increase, its numbers would soon becomerespectively by himself, Lieut Hobson, and Capt. deer dresses, and looked cle in. They appeared to seen anything of the wreck or of the natives, but homon the mysterious question of the origin of specie*. concerned, has been followed almost unconsciously. might chance to arise in the course of ages; and mess-room for five persons measured eight feet The way was lei. by Capt^CHutock in person; and just beside it sat the lady of the establishment After the lapse of five years, which appear to have It has consisted in always cultivating the best which in any way favored the individuals of any of square. The only apparatus for heating the yacht Petersen and Thompson followed, conducting their attending the stone lamp which stood thereon, andbeen mainly devoted to other labors, though in a known variety, sowing its seeds, and when a slight- the species, by better adapting them to their al- was a'few very small stoves. sledges; and in this manner they tramped on for the stone cooking vessel/8uspeh'd^''''ovw.vit'^ Thesimilar field, he took the subject in hand, and for ly better varietyhas chanced to appear, selecting it, tered condition, would tend to be preserved; and As soon as the design of the enterprise was made eight or ten hours without halting, except when lamp was a shallow open vessel, the fuel seal ofl, , the laatsixteen years has devoted to ita investigation and so onward. The gardeners of the classical natural selection would thus.have free scope for known, many old shipmates of Capt. M'CIintock, necessary to disentangle the dog-harness...-. When and the wick dried moss.' A little seal skin bag of ' - ' • Hie most diligent inquiry, -spread over a vast range period, who cultivated the best jpear they could pro- the work of improvement. in previous Arctic voyages, offered their services,; they halted for the night, the Captain and Thomp- soft dry moss formed her tinder box, on which she of facts, and no common power of minute ahalysi* cure, never thought what splendid fruit would be To illustrate the action of this principle more and in this way an excellent crew was obtained, \ son usually sawed out the blocks of compact snow struck fire with a lump of iron pyrites and a brokea- « « * * logical deduetion. Nor does he regard his enjoyed at this remote day, though it is due, in particularly, take the case of a wolf, which preys seventeen out of the twenty-five persons of whom and carried them to Petersen, who acted as the file. The file was marked with the Ctoverumeut work as yet in a state of completion, although suf- some degree at least, to their having naturally on various animals—securing some by craft, some it was composed having already served in the Arc- mater mason in building the snow-hut Thenthe dogs broad arrow. There were also two large snow ,",; $cientiy advanced to satisfy his mind of the correefc- chosen and preserved the best varieties they could by strength, and some by fleetnesa. Suppose ;hat tic search. The second in command was Lieut. had their, supper, it being no easy task to insure the shovels made of mahogany board; some bog spear- ness of his theory. The advice of such eminent find. the fleetest prey, a deer, for instance, had, from jany W. B. Hobson, an officer distinguished in Arctic weaker ones their full share in the general scramble; handles, a bow of English wood, two preserved- scientific men as Sir Charles Ljtsll and Dr. Hooker The application of these principles to organic change in the country, increased in numbers,! or service. Ah intelligent commander in the mercan- after this the sledges were unpacked, the provisions meat tins, and a deal case which might have once has induced him to publiah this volume, in its present beings in a state of nature is not difficult No one that any other prey had decreased in numbersduring tile marine, Capt. Young, who had been actively and sleeping gear carried into the hut, and also the contained a large telescope or''Vbarjimieter. ^'it-- fcrm,-slskough it claims only to be an imperfect; supposes that all the individuals of the same spe- that season of the year when the wolf is hardest employed in the Black Sea during the greater part boots, fur mittens, and even the sledge dog-harness, had no lid, but part of the brass hinges remained. abstract of his researches and speculations. cies are cast in the very same mold. But the indi- pressed for food. Can it be doubted that the swift- of the Crimean campaign, joined the expedition as to prevent the -dogs from eating them in the night. Among the other articles in possession of theThecardinaldoctrineofthework,assetforthb vidualdifferences,suchasare knownfrequentlyto estandslimmestwolveswouldhavethebestchance sailing-master. Dr.DavidWalkervolunteeredfor Thedoorwasthenblockedupwithsnow,thecook- nativeswasaknife,withsone indistinct markings - Mr. Darwin, is that the various species, into which appear in the offspring from the same parents, of surviving, and so be preserved or selected, pro- the post of surgeon and naturalist; and just before ing lamp lighted, foot-gear changed, diary written on it, like those usually seen on ships* cutlasses or^""•x;K»)»iVni><a'frtbi<'«ji»«*».^«v«(W(ir.i .vu«^isr:lJ-ii.•.«-.!'•»'.*;.' Ct>i \THE FATE OF SIR JOHN FBAfolCLIN.i. NARRATIVE OP THE DISCOVERY OF THE KATE OF SIR JOHN FRANKLIN AND HIS COMPANIONS. ByCftptain M'CUVTOCK, R.N., LL.D. pp. 8T5. TiolnorImmediately after the return of Dr. Kae, in 1854, with some relics of Sir John Franklin's expedition,. Lady Franklin determined to appropriate the re- mainderofherfortune(alreadymuchexhaustedby previous searches) to an exploration of the locali- ties in which the last traces of her husband had been discovered. The Government had declined taking any part in further enterprises for that; pur-7 pose,froma>convictionthat,astherewasnoprp»£Young, a dog-sledge and driver being attachedto; each party. Capt M'Clintock's route wasarranged for; the Great Fish Biver and the shoresof King William's Island, both ingoing and re-turning. - He was to be accompanied by Pe-tersen aa a guide and interpreter. Lieut Hob-son was to explore the western coast of Boothia asfarasthemagneticpole;andatalaterperiodtoproceed westward from Gateshead Island. CaptYoung was to trace the shore of Prince of Wale'sLand, and also examine the region between FourItiyer, P<wht and Cape Bird; The Winter wore ;have abundance of proviujoi is, but scarcely a scrap had found an invaluable record of the Franklin of woodfwas seen among th )m which had not pome .Expedition at Point Victory, on the 3ST. W. coast from the lost expedition. Most of their sledges of King William's Island. The record was on one werewretchedlittleaffairs,consistingoftwofrozen of theprintedformausedindiscoveryshipsfarthe rolls of seal-skins, coated v* ith ice, and attached to purpose of being inclosed in bottles, and Being each other by bones, which served as cross-bars. thrown overboard at sea, in order to ascertain thejbtftfirst day's journey. On the third day the dogs be- at 200ftrahdWa n t f ^ e ^ |T$f' in the coming navigable season to pass over so short S came lame in consequence of sore feet; the intense provisions were chiefly pemmican, biscuit and tea,IProvisions sufficient for twenty-eight months were taken on board, including preserved vegeta- bles,lemonjuice,andpickles,fordailyconsumption,swallowed, the up£er robe or coverlet was, pulled over, and then to sleep. Next morning came breakfast a struggle to get into frozen moccasins, after which the sledges were packed, and another day's march commenced.On the first of March, they encamped in the vicinity of the magnetic pole; Capt M'CIintockmaux who picked it up broke it into lengths to make knives.After long inquiry, it was ascertained that two ships had been seen by the natives of King Wft- liam's Island; one of them was seen to sink in deep water; but the ofher was forced' on shore, where they supposed she was still remaining. Captain•\&tant*, independently of the change of climate itielf,•'&e whole rig of theyacht adapted fo her hewand£i Throughout the whole realm of nature, it may be said i that every single organic being is striving toto a great extent^ the utmost to increase in numbers; that each livestime of that ^awmsaolu; Mtoy exceltebt by a struggle at some period of its life; and thatare of opinion that the setter is 'directly heavy destruction inevitably falls either on thetion, equipped and stored at her own expense. I Beveral friends of the cause, including some of the most distinguished scientific men in England, vol-- The party returned to the ship on the 14th of March, having in the journey of 25 days traveleds toft I. ' • •Edcma| 8if XII, f 11.IIm •-- * « •riJ WMtii *«••nrfwwravfire years ago, he Became convinced that certainin classical times, appears to have been of very in-the animal and vegetable kingdoms have been di- afford materials for natural selection to accumula;e,vided by naturalists, are not immutable; that th < in the same manner as man can artificially accumu- idea of the separate and independent creation o late individual differences in his domesticated pro-each species is an error; and that those belonging ductions. It is a mistake of naturalists to supposevided that they retained sufficient strength to mas • sailing, Carl Petersen; the Esquimaux interpreter ter. their prey, when they might be compelled to for Capt Penny and Dr. Kane, arrivedfrom Co- depend on some other animals. Even without any penhagen to take part in the enterprise.change in the proportional number of animals onup, watches wound, sleeping bags wriggled into, ! swords. This had been picked up on the shore pipes lighted, and* the merits of the various dogs near where a ship lay stranded. When found it wasdiscussed until supper was ready. The supper about the length of a man's arm, but the Esqui-that important organs never vary. The varieties, in fact, are so great, that in the floras of special acknowledged varieties of any one specie* are the countries drawn up by different botanists, a surpris- descendants of that species. ing number of forms have been ranked by one » •In order to verify Jus conclusions by the study of botanist as genuine species, and by another as merewhich the wolf preyed, a cub might be born with an innatetendency to pursue certain kindsof prey.This cannot be deemed improbable, when we. and preserved meats for every third day, together observe such great differences in the natural tenden- with as large a supply of Allaop's stoutest ale ascie t of our domestic animals; one cat, for instance, room could be found for. Several tuns of pemmi- taking to catch rats; another, mice; one bringing can were added to the stores, composed of primeto the same genera are lineal descendants of some other extinct species, in the same manner as th-i- * special group, Mr. Darwin selected that of the varieties. The same is true of the animals in dif- domestic pigeon, as affording the most convenient ferent areas. Many of the birds and insects in tent and illustration of his theory. His observations North America and in Europe which differ veryhome winged game; another, hares or rabbits; and beef cut into thin slices and dried over a wood fire, began to fear that his journey would be in vain;, M'CIintock was also told that the body of a maton this class of birds, were profound and curious. Every breed which he couldpurchase or obtain was brought into hi* dovecots. He procured aaassort- meoi of skin* from several quarters of the world.H e studied treatises on pigeons in various languages,became a member of London pigeon clubs, and the associate ofeminent pigeon fanciers. The astonish- ing diversity of breeds is well known. Even the names of the varieties demand a special dictionary. Look at the wonderful differencein the beaks of the 3Eagh*h carrier and the short-faced tumbler, and see the" corresponding differences entailed upon the l&fl&L; The barb is allied to the carrier, but instead of a very Jong beak, has one very short and very broad. Tae pouter has a body, wings, and legs of amazing length, and its ludicrously inflated crop is s>matterofamusement. Theturbithasaveryshortslightly from each other, have been ranked by one eminent naturalist as undoubted species, and by another as varieties, or, as they are often called, as geographical races. The term species, accordingly, is regarded by Mr. Darwin as one arbitrarily given for the sake ef convenience to a set of individuals closely resembling each other, and not essentially differing from the term variety, which is given toanother hunting on marshy ground, and almost then pounded up and mixed with about aa equal thus far, no traces of the Esquimaux had been met nightly catching woodcocks or snipe. Now, if any weight of melted beef fat with; the provisions were nearly exhaustedi sixwas found on board the ahip; that he must hart been a very large man with long teeth; that it was in the Fall of the year when the ships were de- stroyed ; that all the white people went away to the " large river," taking a boat or boats with them; and that in the following Winter their bones were found there.and conical beak with a fine of reversed feathers tinct organic being to another being, been perfect-down the. breast; the jacobin has feathers sowas split off from the parent glacier; when a rum- there were salmon in a river, and that the iron ten or twelve huts, and thirty or forty natives of bling crash was heard, like distant thunder. of which their knives were made came from the King William's Island. From them, he purchased After several ineffectual attempts to escape from same place. One of the men said he had been to six pieces of silver plate, bearing the crests or ini- parasite which clings to the hairs of a quadruped or ble array of facts in their support. It is not easy the ice, it became apparent, before the close of Au- the island to obtain wood and iron, but none of them tials of Franklin, Crozier, Fairholme and McDon-fvttu a hood; the trumpeter and laugher have a of the woodpecker and mistletoe; in the humblest peculiar coo; the faniail has thirty or even forty tailwfcr featfcers,insteadoftwelveorfourteen,liketherestof the pigeon family; several other less distinct breeds might be specified. The differences in the skeleton are no leas strongly marked than in the external.thefeathersof abird; intheplumedseed whichis tosee how far he pushes the applicationof his gust,thatthevesselwouldbe compelled towinter hadseenthewhitemen. Another manhad been ald; in addition to bows and arrowsof EngtshWafted by the gentlest breeze. <• How is it, again, theory. On this point, his language is ambiguous, in the pack. The dreary season passed away more to Bepuke Bay, and counted on bis fingers seven woods, and uniform and other buttons! Haviagthat minute varieties become ultimately converted and as it appears to us, often inconsistent. Some- cheerfully than one would imagine; Christmas was individuals of Bae's party whom he remembered obtained all the relics they possessed, he barteiei f according to Six into distinct species, which in most cases obviously times, he would seem to shrink from conclusions, celebrated by a general festival; hams, plum-pud- having seen. These Esquimaux had nothing to eat, for some seal's flesh, blubber, frozen venison, dried . lows: He asceTito period at which the perfect is acquired varies. So does the down with nestlmgs are clothed when hatched. The of the eggs vary. The manner of flight is peculiar in the different breeds; and so inmany at them, are the voices and disposition, Xvery ornithologist would regard these breeds asdiffer from each other far more than, do the vari- toward which he is impelled by the force of logic dings, preserved gooseberries and apples, nuts, and no other clothing than their ordinary doubledis&itct, well-defined tpecies, if not indeed, as be- organic beings and to external nature, will tend to longing to different genera. Now, maintains Mr. the preservation of that individual, and will gen-Darwin, great as are the differences between the 'breeds of pigeons, they hare all descended, as most naturalists, in fact, admit, from a single stock, that^ofthe rock pigeon., W e need, not here go into the arguments by which he supports his position. . The case is mentioned as an illustration of the manner in. which he traces existing diversity to originalerally be inherited by its offspring. The offspring, plants from an equal or smaller number. At the tesque apparel, armed with frying-pans, gridirons,MbHi.:jJ*oV*#-:jeriraents. The continued selection of alight varia- m m twatv eiftcrin the leaves, the flowers, or the fruit,also, will thus have a better chance of surviving, for of the many individuals of any species which axe periodically born, but a small number can sur- vive. This principle, by which each slight variation,if useful, is preserved, is called by the author, natu-same time, he argues, that analogy would lead still further, and suggest the belief that all animals and plants have descended from some one prototype. All living things have much in common, in their chemical composition, their ger- minal vesicles, their cellular structure, and theirkettles, pots and pans, with which to add to the charms of the concertAfter almost incredible perils, the vessel wassnee more in the open sea, on the 26th of April,haying been carried back by the floating ice nearlythe Esquimaux in exchange for anything which be- longed to the starved wahite men. Although the weather was stormy and bitterly cold, two of them stripped off their outer coats of reindeer skin, and bartered them for a knife each. On the morrow,crews must have marched, they came upon a humaa skeleton, partly exposed, with' here and there a few fragments of clothing appearing through the snow. The skeleton was perfectly bleached, and lying upon its face, the limbs and smaller bones either disseveredinxumer&ble varieties to be accounted fort Some •effe-ot may be due to tae external conditions of life;to his own uses, through the accumulation of slight but useful variations, given to him by the hand of nature. But natural selection is a power inces-mained a little more than a week to refresh and refitthe crew. They left Holateinborg on the 8th ofMay, and proceeding steadily northward, arrivedonce more in Melville Bay in about thirty days.The latter part of August was spent in strugglingwith the ice in Bellot Strait, a narrow passage be-tween North Somerset and Boothia Felix, and afterfive different attempts, they succeeded in steaming One oi their sledges was m ade of two stout pieces]. s< me, perhaps, to habit; but such agendas are cer-tanly not sufficient to explain the differences of a | santly 'ready for action, and is as far superior toM'Donald, assistant surgeon, part of a gold chain, several buttons, and knives made of the iron and wood of the wreck, also tows and arrows con- structed of materials obtaine 1fromthe same source.race-horse and a cart-horse, a greyhound and a man's feeble efforts, as the works of nature arebloedhound, a carrier and a tumbler pigeon. The superior to those of art.power of adaptation in our domesticated races to the n*e or fancy of man is no doubt wonderful. Some variations of this kind may have arisen sud- denly, and by a airgle step, as in the turnspit dog or the ancon sheep; but this does not tell the whole story. All the breeds were not at once produced in their present improved forms; the secret is to be found in man's power of accumulative selection;Kature gives successive variations; man integratesin certain directions, for convenience andutility; and in this »ense he may be said to maketor himself useful breeds. The same principles arefollowed by horticulturists; but the variations areThe struggle for existence, which is at the foun- dation of the principle of natural selection, in- cludes not only the life of the individual, but success in leaving progeny. Two canine animals in a time of dearth may be truly said to struggle with each other which, shall get food and live. But the term is used in a larger sense. A plant on the edge of a desert is said to struggle for life against the drouth; but a plant which annually produces a thousand seeds, of which on an average only one comes to maturity, may more truly be said to struggle with the plants of the same and other[ kinds which already clothe the ground. A struggle for existence inevitably follows from the high ratethrough on Sept 6, and made fast to the ice across its western outlet at a distance of two miles from the shore. The ice was in large, stout fields, of more than one Winter's growth, apparently immov- able in consequence of the numerous islets and rocks which rose through and held it fast . Here they tookuptheirquartersfora secondArcticWinter.During the early part of September, Captain M'CIintock was employed in preparing provisionsof wood, which might hav > been a boat's keeL None of them had seen the vrhites; one man said he had seen their bones upon the island where they died, but some were buried.On the 4th of March, the next day, several na- tives again visited the'party One of them told Pe- tersen that a ship with three masts had been crushed by the ice out in'the sea, to the west of King Wil- liam's Island, but that all th e people landed safely.here often moreabrupt;JSo^one supposes that ourchoicestproductionshavebeenestablishedbya atwhiehallorganicbeingstendtoincrease.Everywith which he determined to make a thorough search. pears to have been part of the gunwale of a lightin the Spring. The plan included three sepa- b o a t •', ' •* ••• • Sbuilt by Hobson's party, aad containing a note directed to himself. Lieut Hobson bad reached thispoint,aboutaWeekpreviously,withouthaving1w31 produce races different from each other chiefly so inordinately great that no country could support *"•4 *i» these ebaraeters. But the effect of what may the product Hence as more individuals- are pro- **f^jfeeaBfedUBCxmseiousselectionisstillmoireimport- ducedthancanpossiblysurvive,theremustinevery case be a struggle for existence, either one \\'^^^^f-\'ia^0ail' animaT without reference individual with another of the same species, orThemenwerestout,heartyfellows,andthewomen arrant thieves,"but all were good-humored and friendly. The women were decidedly plain; but not without a certain degree of gentleness and vivacity. They had fine eyes and teeth, as well as very small hands, and the young girls had a freshsetofthecurrents. Thewritingonitstatedthatthe Erebus and Terror wintered at Beechy Islandin 1845-6, in lat. 74° 43' K., after haying-ascahdedWellington Ch^eXto lat 7 ^ hTthe west aide of Cornwallis Island, Sir Joha Erank-liilco^mroand^jjgW^^0^f9^T^6 ^fl*1611^ bearingthedate^ofo|a^.^^ic^^w«j^by/Lieut '^^^^^^^^^^^^^ mournful sequel^ tc be ad&ed. ••'JIJWOT4cWl»ar. gin of the paper, dated April 25- 1848i tto; words werewrittehbyaimth^ andErebus were deserted on the 22d of April, laving been beset since September 12,18^6rthat Sr0oha Franklin toe&on&QllibJrMe* W7*^f* *" totalloaabydeathsintheexpeditionIto'ttjatdatohad been 9 otftoewl ana;i$;iM^SI^«$^ fow words, was the sad tale ofall thatwe yet laow of the fete of Sir John •F»aiiam.A '^«S^^1847»:• * • : • » » ' »• M**lfe4» % o w > & Of'bfci. atock. Thus a man with the individuals of distinct specieey or with thewho intends to keep pointers, ^taralry" tries'to,physical conditions of life. This iB the doctrine of Malthusappliedwithmanifoldforce to thewholewith the stock formerly keptIf we thus ooaparccur,itcanscarcelybedoubtedthatindividualsitheaccountsgiveninoldpigeontreatisesofcarriersrs<Bssjngainxadvahtag^y 3 ( Mtimes with cutting north winds, bright sun, and in-thefollowingS Whom the comml lalaadendeavori deathbyaperiloand tumblers, with those breeds as now existing inWe are now prepared to advance another step,and to approach the question as to the origin ofspecies in nature. How have the exquisite adapta- dent love of truth. Though the conclusions attions of one part of the organization to anotherpart, and to the conditions of life, and of one dis-which Mr. Darwin has arrived are widely differentregard to a navalbutton, which he observed on oneed ? These beautiful adaptations are in every partreader by extraordinary statements.. He possesses the modesty of true science, and though he often deals in conjectures, he never fails to bring a plausi-eties of the same species? All these results—and here is a cardinal point in Mr. Darwin's theory— follow inevitably from the straggle for life. Owing to this struggle, any variation, however slight, if it be in any degree profitable to an individual of any species, in its infinitely complex relations to otherlook for an intelligent assent on the part of hi* read- band, consisting of two flutes and an accordeon, ers. Thus he asserts that animals have descended struck up a lively tune at the door of the captain, from at most only four or five progenitors, and and a procession was formed of amateurs in gro-The next morning, after traveling about tern the 19th of May, the party commenced their return miles further, they halted near Cape Victoria, when journey, but for the three folio wing weeks the routs a tempting display was made of the knives, files, led over new ground. On the 25th of May, aa needles, scissors, beads, Sec, which were offered to they were upon the shore along which the retreatingral selection, in order to mark its relation to man's>irriity. i - - . , • • • - * • . • • . . • , ' • ? • '/ power of selection. Man by selection can certainly laws of growth and reproduction. This is seenfourteen hundred miles, the longest drift on record. the entire village population arrived, amounting toSteering for Holateinborg, the expedition safely ar- about forty-five souls, from j aged people to infants oouzse, was carefully examined, the snow removed,'"'•^ Starting, then, from a common point, how are the produce great results, and can adapt organic beingseven in so trifling a circumstance as that tile same poison often similarly affects plants and animals. The poison secreted by the gall-fly produces mon- strous growths on the wild rose or oak-tree. Hence, concludes Mr. Darwin, we may infer from analogy that probably all the organic beings which have ever lived on this earth have descended from some one primordial form, into which life was first breathed. The whole history of the world, as at present known, although of » length quite incom- prehensible by us, will hereafter be recognized as a mere fragment of time, compared with the ages which have elapsed since the first creature, theI progenitor of innumerable extinct and living de- scendants, was created. This statement, in ap- parent contradiction with the general bearing of the volume, is sufficiently revolutionary in its character, in spite of $he ineffable quietness with which it is announced. It fully throws down the gauntlet to the whole scientific world, and will doubtless call forth an intellectual conflict of noprocurethebestdogs, and afterwardbreedsfrom,thebeatinhispack,hutwithouttheslightestidea animal•andvegetablekingdoms;forinthiscase ipectof:.isayihglife,itwouldbewrongtoexposetheaway, with the usual Arctic monotony; severe gales,WKr©frjequ«Qt;thegeneralhealthofthecompany rosyhuesotoftenseenwithdivecomplexions.dnrb^ ee^aries, ewM n ^ and permanent effects.Lady Franklin, accordingly, at^ t o f Thus ^spanielthere cam be no artificial increase of food, and noofficers and men to the perils inseparable from suchThe mothers carry their infants on their backs within their largo fur dresses, and where the babes can only begot at by pulling them out over the shoulder.' ' •'/'** «<w ,/ T. *'"?*!,j ^ : i ^ ; p r o ~ prjidWt^rcatraintsfromm^r ^;was good; Christmas and New-Year's Day werecelebrated with joyous festivities; the weather grewmore pleasant in the month of January; daylightbegan to increase in strength and duration and theWinter's gloom to give place to activity and oheer-fulness; and on the 26th of January (1859) part ofunteered their aid, and thus a considerable addition-: the. sun's disc loomed above the horizon. It was a about 360 geographical miles, and completed theal sum was raised in furtherance of the effort;.: .Onthe 18th of April,;i&57, Lady Franklin offered the command of the proposed expedition to Capt. MXJHntock, by whom it was. most cheerfully ac-cepted. A better choice could hardly have beenmanner, by a:'.earc&I pgrooost .-of swer. As variations useful to man have undoubt- was deeply interested in the cause; and had emi- <$^.j oocia3e&^ expect thatother T^iria- nently diatmguiBhed himself in the voyages of Sir\.j derived from the spaniel, and has probably been young ox old, during each generation, or at recur-i«Iowiy«itei«dfromit. It is certain that a© En- rent intervals. Lighten any check, mitigate the>^sh pointer has been greatly changed within the destruction ever so little, and the number of the•iast ©eutury, chiefly by crosses with the fox hound: species will almost instantaneously increase to any and unconscious a manner that i amount.glorious sight, and his fresh beams inspired now discovery of the coastline of continental America,hope and' promise* The preparations were now thereby adding about 120 miles to the charts. Thebusy for the traveling parties. The' dogs were;di- mean temperature throughout thejourney was 30°:vided into three teams of seven each, and put below zero. I:' .. :;..?v'"'::-.'\l''."..'X,\ •'..'/.• *'•''x!certainly came from But how does tins struggle for existence bearsea off the coast, of America! confident no doubtmade. Capt. WPClintock had already served in ffwernaybelieveMr.Borrow, uP«ntheprincipleofnaturalselection,inrelation,fthree,consecutiveexpeditionsfrom1848to1854;morning of Feb. 17, Capt M'CIintock set out with new starts pbnsisting of five sledjge^ twelve, men,;Thesorew-yachtFox,of 177tunaburden,wnioh provisionswerethrownoff, n(>tmorethai12!or18 | hadbeenpurchasedfortheenterprise,wasplaced milesoouMbeaccomplished"fuiaday.fTheparty, ]> would have the beat chance of surviving and perpet- at his disposal,^ and arrangements made to speedily of courscy ^^^^^SE^^^^^l^t^j^ the,rTB»OStlOIKOFSttCmS ,BY_MKiKSOFNATtf- Britain,India,andPersia,wecanreadilytrace;the uatingtheirkind. Ontheotherhand,itisevident refitherforthevoyage. Hervelvethangingsand remainingprovisionsandclothingtodrag,yetsev- JUL SELECTION. IBy JBttpCM&4XWIM, M. J>. splendid furniture were, of course, removed; the eral of tiem repeatedly fell down m;^ttif^0totraMely: «fco&%p j ^ y T ^ gpectacles, but almost aasufged'muo^*'.v,'The reputation ofMr. B»nra wa scientific andcometodiffersogreatlyfromtherockpigeon. r"wouldberigidlydestroyed.;.The preservation of largeskylightsandcapacious ladder-wayswerere- .-weatherwas almostintoler:|bly'severe.^'A-vigOr-_ . - _ - - - « = - ^ . - . . . - . - - • - - . 1*"nft stages through which they have insensibly passed, that any variation in the least degree injuriousnaturalist will challenge attention to this volume, In plants the same gradual process of improve- favorable variations, and the rejection of injurious iuced to limits more suitable to a polar clime; the ous N. W. wind prevailed, and the' thermometer! flamed ey«».; 31xe^facea ofB | were blistered,variations,isthenwhatismeantbyMr.Darwiiias who)6 Teseel was externallysheathedwith stout fento"4€Pbelowzero::Theytraveledeverydayuntil ticTr^rmdhandscracked,nndtWjweregreatif^ no less than the novelty and boldness of the viewa ment through the occasional preservation of. <he- wmch it announces. His name is familiar to the best individuals may be recognized in theincreased natural selection. To understand the probable planking, and internally fortified by strong,,cross- dusk, and were then occupied for a couple of hours' students of physical science, by Ids admirable nar- size and beauty now to be seen in the varieties of course of this principle, take the case ef a countryundergoing some physical change, for instance, of|;*ttaehedtotheexploringexpeditionintooBeagle plants,whencomparedwiththeoldervarietiesor climate. Theproportionalnumbersofitsinhabi- theslenderbrasspropellerreplacedbyamoremas- aspossible;overthesethetentwaslaidtoformawritings in which a fine vein of philosophy is blend- a first-rate heartsease or dahlia from the seed of a some species might become extinct. Any change in larged; tile sharp stem cased in iron, until it dome of snow. , y with two families of natives, comprising twelve in-, xative of the researches which he conducted while the heartsease, rose, pelargomum, dahlia, and otherittdwr Capt Fiizroy, from 1832 to 1838, and other with their parent stocks. Ko one expeots to Obtain tants would almost instantly undergo a change, and sive iron one, the boiler taken out, altered] and eh: roof, as there was not sufficient time to construct a On the 20th of^ April, in lat 70jp N., they'motPdisco human ik "young p< >, n found in the bow state that it couibad died ther^; ably wolves, hndl which may have 1 were found the « p e ^ ' « i d : a pjal boots. T i e othl more perfect sta| aid furs. Closeand there were! barrel in each loi upward against books were fiaiini tienal works, e: Among the grealseven or eight pa handkerchiefH, s<jcombs. Beside saws, files, brist r, bulletsjcartridge-case, k thread-cases, ah bards cut dowi 8heet-kad, and s cles, for the m< drivers would & very Kkely to bi The only provi chocolate—^no h portion of tobi were discoveret were twenty-sixthe crest of SirThe position < 50 miles, as a Victory, 65 mile miles from the s miles from Moi Captain M'Clint to tbesmp; tixa any further; an| to keep pace them, supplied spared, to last the ship withThe other reli riderable import. the brave little J,. t w o successivet ready for sea :,not. however,succeeded in fu| . and once morefrom Greenlandi ' 20th September^'" accurate and vigorous description. wild plant, or a first-rate melting pear from the the numerical proportions of some of the inhabi- ^ifesembled a ponderous cmsel set up edgeways; andOn hi* return from that voyage, nearly twenty- seed of the wOd pear. This fruit, though cultivatedThe equipment was a very small brown Holland dividuals, being the same people with whom theywould certainly immigrate, and this also would se-'the vesseL vThe officers were crammed mto littlerein-slight innate change of habit, or of structure, bene- fited an individual wolf, it would have the best chance of surviving, and of leaving offspring. Some of its joung would probably inherit the same habits or structure, and, by the repetition of this process, a new variety might be formed, which would either supplant or coexist with the parent form of wolf.The litie vessel sailed from Aberdeen on the first out of the fifteen dogs were disabled; and only one} less distinct and more fluctuating forms. The termvariety, again, in comparison with mere individual plications of this principle, as we have aimed to or 50 miles, was in the highest degree imposing- astonishment at the sight of the strangers. differences, is also applied arbitrarily, and for the give a general idea of his method, rather than to Its sea-cliffs, at the distance of 5 or 6 miles, seemed They had been out upon a seal hunt on the ice, and sake of convenience. {• elucidate it in its complicated and intricate details. comparatively low, yet the icebergs detached from were returning home; they fell in readily with theI The information thus obtained respecting both M'CIintock determined to discover, if possible, theWe need not follow the author in his various ap-their dogs, laid down their spears, but betrayed noHis reasonings are almost always ingenious andit were of the loftiest description. The far-off out- proposal to join forces; and under the pretence of line seen against the eastern sky, had a faint tinge barter, Capt M'CIintock soon engaged them in con- of yellow; it was almost horizontal, and of un- versation on the object of his visit Inquiring with known distance and elevation. There was an un-stranded ship.' Continuing the journey, he crossed a wide bay on level ice, and remarkably smooth, hard snow. Seven or eight suow huts, reoeutif abandoned, were found near the magnetic pole. Beaching Cape Victoria on the 28th of Apail, Capt M'CIintock separated from Hobson, taking a south- erly course, while the latter marched direct forstriking, and are presented with fairness and an evi-beam a, longitudinal beams, iron stancheons, and diagonal fastenings; the false keel was taken off,in building their snow-hut This consisted of four walls about 5£ feet high, mc ining inward as muchbrtterry ^colb^ winds; | |Wo; serwusIfreit^itoa 'oc- vast curred, however, but frostbitten faces and fingerswere universal, -i^ il>! ^/> /r^^^.hVil^y %^t 'bartered at Cape Victoria in February.' Their would most seriously affect many of the others. -If. hazardous duties. The strictest economy was with a bag of double blanketings, and a pair of snow-huts were upon the ice, three quarters of atent mackintoshfloor-cloth,and felt robes, togetherthe country were open on its borders, new forms locccsaurily observed in the internal fitting up of fur boots, to sleep in, for each man.'•];They wore mile off shore, and their occupation WASseal-hunt-fccta, which he had observed, in the distribution; of<- the inhabitants of South America, and' in the geo- the skill of gardeners in having produced suoh'. logical relations of the present to the past inhabi- splendid results from such poor materials. But the riously disturb the relations of some of the for raer sabins, hardly better than pigeon-holes, in order feet were wrapped up, and with the exception of a deer skins, and formed the family place of repose. . tants of that continent, naighi throw not a little light art has been simple, and, as far as the final result is inhabitants. Thus every slight modification which to make room for provisions and stores. The change of this foot-gear, carried no spare clothes. An angular snow bench served as the kitchen table,ferior quality. Great surprise is often expressed ating. A snow bank or bench two feet high, and fill- moccasins over the pieces of blanket in which the J ing halfthe area of each hut was covered withof July, and arrived in Melville Bay on the twelfth of August Thus far the voyage had been without difficulty, but here the ice began to press in, cover- ing the whole bay toward the north, quite in the steep face of the great glacier which takes the place Of the coast line.. The appearance of this stupen- dous glacier, extending its unbroken length for 40more march was possible. In this moment of dis-couragement, what was the surprise and joy of theparty, on looking back, to see four men walkingafter them. - The Captain and Petersen immedi-ately buckled on their revolvers and advanced tomeet them. The Esquimaux haltei, made fast the missing ships was most important and Captusual dearth of birds and seals; everything aroundparadox, or a desire to startle or surprise bis was painfully still, except when an occasional iceberg white people who were starved upon an island where May, the Captain arrived at a snow-village, withfrom received opinions, he never betrays a love ofof their dresses, he was told that it came from someand frozensalmon, and/sold them some of his pop-His mind, we imagine, is still in a state of suspense, sweetmeats, and Burton ale graced the merry dresses of fur. They would not eat the biscuit or pies. He was told that it was five days' jourtey | deeply impressed by the result of observations whieh board; the officers joining with the crew in the salt pork of the party, but took a small quantity of to the wreck; that many of the white men droppedpresent the kingdoms of nature in a new light, but convivial enjoyments of the day. Nor was the ar- bear's blubber and some water. They slept in a by the way as they went to the Great Biver; that • scarcely prepared to accept their legitimate conse- rival of the New Year permitted to pass without sitting posture, with their heads leaning forward on some were buried and some were notquences. Under such circumstances, he can hardly " observance due." Exactly at midnight, the their breasts. Having proceeded as far aa Montreal Island, cm,andcrewarrtve<•" The result ofunknown sea, Utude in this mei ^Jfard m ships jto H» north lie Haven. K| Land, which discovery of tween Cornwji made in the ve tins day remaj Franklin then] probably pass^ reaching as fii «3TW., wherej that he, who, tamed the exi coast of Ameri found his grail discover of th< therefore, m u | Franklin.?t?» The narratl slight abstract which reflects of tb.e author, abriHiant illqcourage. Th^ graphic descri sketchesof thJ tives, and fresS •f those remotjTHE UNDE&OdAn associ&tiol in the United SJ flae purpose of ing inteUigenofl periodical, of N. intended to bo, consistofhe%v^| and literary,hi and piofesaiona| k by Boards, or |tions compoein^ ^^spaosm-the'.nndergraduategsponsible fori > ^trihuted-tothe tion;atthepi editorial supei retaryisempl<jrtepondeMe, |J^ciationV;TTh ,~*''specimenof*$ i ter'oif xhe woxj ^ten^essays, ar^ ;^.;hate^tv"(i %;*^uah}Univ •^7£«^A.'Student' ^;^ry'Bod#tie8V ;P>%n'a,"?;** Mfltoiers of Fictionexhibit greatt. pressJonV A% . voted to "neteresting infog." ,q»asKg*a.of i -ts^'in this osuntn v novel eharacJvlzA&Mm eT difficnltiee in^toibwieageo » conunoajBen'•"'•';thbuidinotin undertaking.>nce commenced preparing to send out an expedi-or gnawed away by small a#aaala The spot, of rived at that place in two days, where they re- in arms, and bartering commenced very briskly. and every scrap of clothing gathered up. A pocket-First of all, the Captain purchased all'the relics of book was found, but it was frozen hard. The vio- the lost expedition, consisting of six silver spoons tim was evidently a young man, slightly built and and forks, a silver medal, belonging to Mr. H. perhaps above the common bight The dress ap-peared to be that of a steward, or officer^ servant, the loose bow knot in which his neck-handkerchief was tied not being used by seamen or officers. l a other respects the dress confirmed the supposition as to his rank—the blue jacket with slashed sleeves and braided edging, and the pilot cloth great coat with plain covered buttons. There was a clothes- brush near and a horn pocket-comb. The young man seemed to have selected the bare ridge top, as affording the easiest walking, and to have fallen upon his face when so exhausted that he could pro-ceed no further. - , ,The time had now oome for a revelation of themost intense interest. About 12 miles from'Capsand equipments for traveling parties on sledges, He had a spear 6£ feat long with a staff which ap- Herschel, Capt M'CIintock found a small cairarate routes and parties of four men, commanded ; littleinterest. ...„/,'/.•" [••'••'.'• TheseEsquimauxwerea1wellclothedinrein-through a generous course of feeding. On the On the 2d of April, the traveling parties took a found the expedition w^J^w!^^^;hMvnhisparty,andproceedingbythewayoftheLong andseventeen i^SB^W?«|^^§P@^^t^K!aft«rhaving|aM^S|^^SMS|| 80° dog which, resembles Mm in that to the production of>yanetietI:*] Hero'M the an- was conversant with afl the details of the service; Lake, made about 20 geographical miles for the shapes. The load for each man to drag was fixed miles ofpreviously unexplore^waterj,ofbeiig aWeU*:*#*» *WW* &&&** «»*&»tt*<$#*&tionifaf^rtimriomewaytoeach^beingm'*•'#»•*JohnBossandCaptAustin,andespeciallyinhis sirabstock. ThecattleofEnglandhave^alsoin- ^^Pl^lPg^^^irai^alsoWttrinthe extensivejourneysontheice,whenassociatedwith.areaaodm weightand in carry matarity, compared | course of thousands^of s^eritioni. If s ^ do oc-coldhavinghardenedthesurfacesnowbeyond withasmalladditionofboiledpork,rum;andsome whattheycouldendure;andthoughapartofthe tobaccc*^"'^^Within a month after the record was placed c« ticexpedition,6irJohaFranklin,,wasdeadfcaad-^—Untitled Documentthe s l e d g e s ^ * W r l i ^ « t f Jhe inarch was.conse- f©nthe30thof crmetosholyre] disfigured by the combined effects of bright sun and i days hefere.. ThCape Felix, King William's Island. On the 7th of Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 