,fiction, or at best upon a divergence in opin-way%jHebi-gorltSW-TDBS, T0B8DAT, DH3. M. MW.Tin liXW-TOBK. *IHB«* FakBihed Im Ib0 Tna« Bondiac. tontiac Ike GItrBaU Park, on Puk-nv, SpraoeTwo Cnm. terrtd at Uii dispieaaDTe Th.KIW-T0tt«»18(8«lW«*U>-T««n«oir IndiansintheC«BB haa been inrdred ; and finally^ let any ment It dHTerepoe ef aptailsa aroM)SQoaewMaIsitl^fUti-ie agii,BOfalK«naev«aliif-Prl«ely undeiBtood to hareworid, wkue on lamj, tie is dissolved—individual selfishness,emel- oosKorthlCer-is a much nxne satlsftetory InstitatieB tkm. was its ill-starred predecessor.We to regretConrt fcas determined to infliot ttie «f penaltyMS•j«»r;twoflwMtoOM»*dmifcrFiTi^ouiM.agencydrpaTtmentsmusteitherbe negotiatedorfail.c-ow»im»»- ^.... . Tlie N£V-TOBK tMM (Weekly >-Two Pollim»bot«l, who could not direct a stranger to theAlready U the South tasUhg the bitter fmitsAllthesethingsttoneoessaiy asd greatness In store forIVofloBar*«*«g«y«»*"'IThe Co«rt-B«*BiUBS. Atnp€rt»wluwiUtmdu<aClia^ritSnl>-writers, at $leack,,Mt rtctat matraeon/ork^seir-ormagmaiaOiteDoll'raskueoiKfmM^m^TM Stmi- WiMg »MiW*,atltntto CMTWmen »"*•»*«* el«br.t«. 8»eeta«onuml«r. forwarded «»PPUo»tto.The Boaid of Aldermen last evening authorized confidence" of some head of Department torious that the secession movement is now transcends our comprehension. 'When an ar-THI TtlttB FOB CALIFORNIA b pabliihed od the de|«rtnn of orery M»il Wlobt. Price, la wrapKn. five KDto Iter ilnsle eapin..',the House ofand who are abeady the cow4>oys of the EeroluUon, levyingSonth is withoat a saHor or a or without ship,?u1f«cS^.ir.ddre«l ^ H '• AmmtommtmjUasnm of $30B 01—amooat of taxesin error.a has the r^|imeDt Perhaps sheACAPHMYOF KDSIC-TBi Misgua.repntatioBbvnai iim Pm^omM^i*^ Ud ahatTim. _NKW BOWKRT THEATRE-Ateraoin—MiiUM—Haoio TiusnT—Robmt^Uaoairi. ETenlnc.—Pdtbaxanarchy,lightsubmitted hisBench of fiie Superior Court, fliat Vmff'thafcomplaintsJury andtentlon to the unwltolesome accomaaii-tions provided tat thst body. Sanitary—TBI SCHOOLBAStlt—NuBAB CBBIHA.iHose No. S% were their Company granted petitionfor a steam fire-engine to cost $4,800. A cominu-nication was received from Acting Mayor Paceremoving City Chamberlain Plait for cause, andnominating Daniel Devlin as his succes-sor. The removal and nomination were bothconfirmed without debate. The Japanese billcame up as amended, and after debate, was passedwith only three dissenting votes. Alderman Far-let's resolution, authorizing the Street Commis-sioner to 1,000 laborers to grade Hamilton employSquare, in order to give work to the unemployed,was The Board of Councilmen a passed. adoptedresolution, allowing occupants of stalls in theforcement of the obediencetothemhasmadens,asanation,of the the Bench,Bar, publicBOWKKT THEATRE—Forenoon, Afternoon and Ktvc::;^—SPACLiiraG k Booxaa' CiBCUJ—UoBSTIB OV St. MlCBABL.BAENUM'S MTJSKtrM—Perfomttnees every hamr— WnAT islT?—Amc Cbilduib—Sooth afbicui Abo- 1UGII<X8.BOOLKir k CAHPBISLL's, Nll>lo>8 Saloon—Ethioflab ISBTXBTAlBUBTS.CANTEKHCBY MUSIC HALL—Soxas abb Dabois bt A Taibbtis CohpaST.INSXm;TM OF FIKE AKT8, So. 825 Broadway—Dus- kEUOKF Gaixxbi—Jabtxs' collbctiob."Christmas never grows old. Without such obedience there or worn out fthe suitors, calleda(-_^" •ijejawlSwhthe'8u-of the with Charleston, flauntingand bidding defiance to theMr. Drvmftmes.Califtmian, acqaaintedwith thefacta,be olina wOKid take her hat and kittkvf,^*Mimptvviftd at wOL Some lucky the GoTemiMBt of the United hovJiedij1 7\ ke. rec^f<e4'lU.country.oMlgatiODBeveryhalfwr Palmetto flag,willi Ok, iD Vlw-ronX9 How-Cbiiokuc nc lal Woro.LAURA KEKNK'S rHE»TKK—Afternoon end BJrenUit Thb BeTm iJDnits.WINTER GARDEK—Rj» Vaii Wnraa.WALLACE'S IHKATRg—Fin lbs ot Ts« Olbu Commissioner was authorized to advertiseof aand absolate BecessioB is Aaarobr*NIBLCS OARDIS—Kbo»»Uthoroughexposure.eiwpe,in,**^,TeiyP. M. CANAL-STREET—No. 36e—Whitlocb's Fbib Galliet srrr, the action against Bex. 'Wood, for breach ofus whether this sentiment shallourownthe event that lies at the founda- tion of our modern life, and is the vital spring of our social and political existence. Itfestival of universal Christendom.morning of the nativity of the Divine Child,8CHAUB' 6ALLBBT, No. «3> "CiK-keep open Supremeo'clock,lefeiredd*^ thefatalatmosphere thefarCourt-room.Odi^BBBULA FiCTCBB. or Oil Faxktibob.to decidespread till Mexico is repeated ongenerallyfSr' Xo 'Aftenio<Hi Editions of the Tixxs will be issued to-4a^~NEWS OF THE DAY.The leopk of Pittsburgh and Ticinity were thrown into a state of the greatest excitement yes-Supreme Court January first.The Stock Market waaExchange on Jjondon rather cheaper, lOi^lM^ for Bank and Bankers' bills. The Bank return exhibits an in-gpoUationandplunder. Neitherindividuals nor communities can be relied on for the dis- chargeofanyduty. Thesenseofcommonthey.\8tonadiBg Derelofion, from the Central Government, has pro- ute book, it must be the rule of conduct for—fireedom even to the slave ^these are amongBroadiray—Thbtocontract, in regard to the purchase of one half of the f)a<{yiVnrs, was yesterday referred to Hon. B.W.BOSSET, who retires from the Bench of theness of the Justices wasa reTelatioa of the fact that U. S. Quar-Our Government to dosubject-:ftrrday bytencastor TAUAfXBO was ananging for the;as alsoexists.must execute the la\vs.patriarchs —ehip- Beot of seventy.dgfat heavy guns to Newport, Texas, and'fiirty^ix more to Ship Island, near the Balize, from the Alleghaqjr Arsenal—the apparent object being to place them in a position where could be seized by the Secessionists. It ap- pears that the forts at tl» points designated are new, and have never had any gone, and that thosewho can make justicepeople. cause it brings into peril the lives and prop* decorated withTlie discovery of a defalcation, amounting, in question were oiiginaOy designed for them. In so far as known, to 1870,000 intheefficeof thethe clustering «ourenir< of Christmas.The most iliostrioua fact in the history of room so granted ; dlreeted its ofBeen to|kl^the condition of afiairs, however, the citi- Seeretary of the Interior, at 'Washington, present mayOne of the glories which the Sonthem Con- man b the advent of the Divine Man. With the for use at once, sad pare place' * adjoatiilf "^.ri!p5-fflelafiTe to Oe amnesty (otkernnck PnM, willbereadwttkrinterest.abaai4 (haa maar MW enjoying the asclMM ttnttfoB0^theODOveatJon. FromreaMsfd<M BM««<«^nt^y4w«skCol.perintendeat of Indian Affalri,had iacuired thegeneralef the Uonnoaa treaty with the ladiaaCUaf "|<ittle Soldier," by which be is InstalM asthe Gtwt Chief of aU the :that many of theae high officers areor&nt step in vice—:his taken, all others followthe of the Bull's Head to proprietors line^of stagesThese arecrisis is so serious that the truth must be toldat any cost to IndiTldoals. The Cammlttee tees, who embrace the worst desperadoes in federacy, and not tiU then. At presenttoiaunate their route down town at the tower end ' of the Park. Mr. VALlKTiifi was authorized tomobs of Vigilance Commit-we shall see realized the great Sonthemdeath Oon- upoaSoperiorOowt,''-prepare the usual MsnoaL The Manhattan OasCompany was directed to lay mains in Fifty-sec-ood-stieet, between Tenth and Eleventh avennas.The was aathorized to refund to the ComptrollertheTmsteesoftheFirstdermanBaptistChurchtiie'-S^SS^*^- Thesalarieaofthe and complaintpaid ^y-roll:,i'.'bearing ho^excellent rep- privateThe battheirwould stey the gisdiyOlerlta of the Bareau of Sanitary^ Inspection, were raised from 9600 to f1,095 |ter 'annaiii. A number of resohinolis tncreasiiig the salaries of officers and clerks in tvIous of the Qovem-that willcom- they^Red.planters powerdepartments Cityment were referred to Oonuaittees. Tlie salariesfor for a hook-and-ladder prtqiosals building patents^meti^ih«lMl4i»o(lCof its -victiaKrUd there outletfbrtheunhappycondemned. Thejam<« FixaBsrea*of the Foreman in the Bureau ofand SUps, and ^ taauKMary ClCTka in tlie Bnrean of Becords were increased. Public urinals were directed to be erected at the junction of Third and Fourth avenues. The Btrsetfind out too late that the wrecking of all legaltiesmay,intheend,beturnedtotheirown selfbyseeking,inanotherform,whatfromtimehwMema to be bo-.< '.?--*for Hook and Ladder fire-escape CompanyNo. 16.of the Birth ef ChristtYet,public marketsuntil SCourt, before Justice Wooo-signalizesIn theis,of Justice BeswoBTH was sodull the eve of the Christmas holiday.onour political, but social existence.If there be grievances, there is a proper tri-crease of about two millions on theof the week. pastthat wouldberedressed,orthatnogoodcauseofThenients of Cor- mpti«B at 'WasUagtcB.der the rose—feasting among the poor andConrt>l|[MibTurpentineand New-Orleans Mo- The changes in otherevergreensmusic, processions and banners lords ofa to the Term of the Superior Court one ofquiet. Spiritsusses were in fair request.branches of trade were unimportant.erty of each indiTidual. Our only safety is—reason, chajdets of mistletoe, and kisses un-veryyesterdaylying seriously 111, and unquestitmably inMDath,that will conflict with her whins in theHer movemeat is like the presentnewspapers, by making!"Uiorongh- next friends," throughcaprice.• well appointed army did Mr. Plar, remains yet to be seen.bbotsI or legal win strike twor into the hearts of the perfidi- tain it is, however, that Ihe Broadway BankWharvea,PiersSpecie Averagefusal to appear before it admitsthey world. Innocent frolic and universal frater-A moderate inquirykinds of Bieadstuffs, which were dearerfor Cotton, Bio Coffee, Cuban Sugars, Hay, Whis-ky, Bice, and Tallow. Pork was depressed andlower. Lard was salable and steady. Beef was his own wm the law and rule for thegenerousfor the prevailed principalto the Commonas th« judicialtbt ito-lM lgO!'tfflfc»,%iHiiife<ie<iii*^Ouradvfces fitM Utah ere lo Uvf.n. Th»damagedonaIntbeapperpMtofOrMtMtLake •akedtogiveUsopinionastotheouamof Valkoutof,aBoatbenOtaMenbfiHflitheSooth Carcdlna wants Is to bedebates one iedbyour theapparentinconsistenciesintheopinloiis littlecompunotiontfshebrakeaptheOhBlM' f^oTtUitgithatImpressionIi'strength, recruitingthroughalongandirregularvaeh-- tion, and a distant tour. At this moment hi; isThe pqsvaOing azdtement in WadiingtaB yee- The statement implicating Secretary Floto, the parallel the more perfect, our central Bxec- forty bale" theory. They took fast hold ofEvangelistand then consider the hideous condi-met with the announcement that theterday, oveishadowing for the moment even se- cessiok, was in reference to the heavy defalcation;in the Department of the Interior, the full partlcu-laxs in reference to which we publish this morn- the ofJndgeing. It seems that the abstraction of the bondswas known as long ago as Thursday last, it hav-ing been at that time communicated by Baiust to authorities at Washington fail to have power Secretary Floyd, under the impression, as is sup- to arrest theposed, that the latter would advise secrecy. Find- liest stages. j!fo men of ordinary intelligence, ing, however, that he did not do so, Bailxt con- who have watched the official course and fessed the whole natter to Secretary Thokfsok, known the antecedents of some of the men in alleging that he had been led into the commission Mr. BucHASAji's Cabinet, can ever be per- of the Uzceny through a desire to save the honor suaded that a mere clerk in the office of the of Uj. Flotd, whose acceptances to a large Secretary of the Interior would haTe been amount in possession of Ur. Busskll, of the allowed to plunder in this wholesale fashion,first Christmas has bad atogether will first be severed, and respect for She purchases only a very small amount of humanity? On the Volga, the Tiber, the Dan- and reqnestisg cwnplianee. The&rm of RcssXLL, Magebs & Co., Government con-tractors, would otherwise have been dishonored.for so long a period, if he and his accomplices outside the official circle had been the onlythey can neither command respect nor enforce or go beyond her own limits. It is not probable swarthy obedience.the part of the mnnicipal authorities riiBiii,lii$i his tribunal from a position ot so mud^dM^cullyHad we the ear of the august MifliU^tl^tSenate, upon whose decrees the 3oSiitiBiif4f"These acceptances,"itappears,aresimplymem- participantsin theThefour-sevenths of her population, consumedonlyand vexation.orandums of the amounts which would be due at Looking back over the whole history of this —would be some room to hope that this wouldfinally organize an orderly and stable Govern- American made goods. The same may bement. But not a trace of such sentiment is said of over two-sevenths of the white popu- Kingdomcertain periods to Bossill, provided he executed Administration the sale of Fort Snelling and his contracts with the Goveanment, and invoked the purchase of 'Wiilett's Point, the contracts—poor population, consequently,of the Christ to universal dominion.butmilleimial Christmas-day, though every yearthe State hang in awe and suspeBs^.,.i#";whatever—prove that the existence of these acceptances was land sales, contracts of every description, andAs whites. Six-sevenths of lier yet,far perspective, appears tiienohim to obtain credit.for supplying theArmyof Utah, and the infa-northe action of South Carolina from the sheeresttheshould sulnnit to it the at proprietyliabilitythey being givento enablediscernible,anythingthatdistinguisheslationii^atiiPHl removing the scandal cansed by these ^^ipip '.straction of bonds, and that his excuse in referenceto Mr. Floyd is merely a subterfiige. Mr. Bus- to be doubted but that a—it is notment of the first ChristmasSELL, who appears to be deeply involved in this transaction, was arrested in this City yesterday, and taken back to 'Washington by a Deputy United States Marshal.majorityeign,duty-paying merchandise,verytill peace and love spread tlieir difPiiive be- nificence over every tribe and individual, will the angelic prophecy attain its consummation. National prejudices must be swallowed up inH. 'WiLSOir, of Massachusetts, introduced a bill forso as to meet the objections of Judge Magraib, of causes of difference, may be attributed thein flames. 'Were she impelled by a sense of tion of what she consumes, she can go no-danger, she would, with her where else, unlesii she chooses to pay double be seen to be the necessary and beneficent re- sTiTUTioHthe more effectual of the suppressioncontemptiblepaucity of numbers, crave cooperation and as- price for very inferior articles. In all theaeAKD Laws.—It Is admitted tha bysult of free and essential iB tKa high- advocates of Secession that the (leneral Gov- thought,Slave-trade,by which it is proposed to modify the act ot 1820 quarters, much moiB than to any political-indicateclearly that we may expect some mostwithdrewwith trsasasitting to the usarpiag jndgaj rival eourt a Terified eopy of theSecretaryWar,onlyarrested,speedilyplaceat once;painful and astounding disclosures should the investigation in its very ear-grandresponse fromThe it is mous in torecords, alleged, developments regard Navy-yards,consume noforeign-unknown to Bailit at' the period of the first ab- even thein refercnccto the dis-commonof what the rich consume alsocomesforward toward it. Not fill the sublime senti- has the Common Councillegal opinionsputed mining-claims in Californiastronger than law.hostilityNorth, but this will be no elementamongportionthe powerdiipn^profits.ly imported.negro,composesBut the" forces of nature are not more irresist- ible in their advance than is the spread of theof the Cabinet both had and have solidof unionto ashe imports.iswith the practical life of the whole race—not concession of rooms to the' **and forcible reasons forFor at least nine-tenths of allplain spealcingcome,andhasdeep-rooted con-wewfaoeeall business with the tuIous in till regulargradation,beUeve thatthewillleadthemtocommitoutragesonthewhite Thereisscarcelyawaiteratany'Washington tyandpassionreignsnpreme.jealonay af the other chiefs '^ settlers. ThecoalJiedsontheWeberBiverwere'Theyto the OigoltrthisState,buthowbeing wo^ad, and coal was worth five dollars per ton at the mines.'thirdwho isto " hare theIt is no-they are to come In Ihe oldfiwhtoned way,QBeaUMk snnennee that the'and do oeme in this manner, then navyparty,supposedof social and legalcontrolled by the poor whites, who have no- myapp<(inted byRepresentatires tothelike blaok-^ :'-'--!pH.iareatigatethis lastdefiilcatioo,is afair,hon-thatit shouldhumiliating confessions, bnt thetheHopes of some mitigation of this dreadfU H»f'aU its memberantatioDS- Letnsmenceatonceandwithscruples of false delicacy to stand in the way slaves on the other, their position'We are nowemment in its weakestExecutiTe. All the Bapublics of North and It istryingthestrengthdestruction.Suph is the goal to which secessionof our own, have, for want of an efficient central power to command respect and enforce obedi- ence, sunk into anarchy, and become a prey toSouth America, based oa the modelen-laws. We know that saryresignationcivil wars with nobut the extinction of the race. They com-isDOlongerprotected. Propertyisseizedwitti impunitybythestrongeta. Eventhosewho by lucky accident happen to wield the little centralmenced their careerany Sonth erations,;power remaining,dicate and maintain the laws, subsistof upon the human heart, are to be the guide of ourprostratedto theuponroomsoocnpiedbybuildingand the resolution was i^preved by theAuthorized this the by legirfaUoa,orof or presentand the incense of general joy ascends to bunal to which to apply for redress. The re- Heaven from the uttermost comers of theThe otherto whieh toey were exposed,sBbmtftoAc«'Cprospectof terminationthe refusal of the States to respect and obey the organic law for the whole country. One step was followed by another till, at last, all tics of social organizationhasbecomedissolved. ThepersonA success- ful example like that proposed byitles were abUBdaat topoetic story damp and unventilated apartmentobythat the coivigor,'^'*'r% heimtj^l,point—leads. viewed. Onrto perish|Ky*(£abealiiMaad'polBaa.and who should vin-in heaHfe^ttdangeris no longer a motive to action. In fine, inour sister Eepublics, society seems to be re-duced to its chaotic state, without theof reconstruction,, save imdor the hand of a complaint-skillful and energeticThe United States are apparently entering—a similar career.Aa mereun-Courtdiesolved the ties that bound her to and with a levity more excessive than that di^Iayed by the Slates of Mexico, in their ea- gemesB for change, treats the most solemnfesaedlyit,States as well as individuals.Sonthem Free Trade.prospective advantageJadgaik.1,4,despot,State,upontheknown as the Hewpowertheproper authorityOounefl, to fhmishlegalzens of Pittsburgh think it better that the guns be taken as the avant courrier of a long line of obligationa that can be assumed by a people as federacy pictures to itself is the millenium of that epoch begins the true existence of the thither its General Term. When, ho#a|||L:shonhl remain where they are, and measures are similar revelations which may be expected to matters of the purest indifference. The cen- free trade. Its ideas upon this subject were race. It is the Genesis of the re-creation ef at the hour of opening Court, the pre^Hig;One would suppose that South Carolina en- in the same category with Mexico and Cen- joyed considerable freedom o( trade slrsady. tral America. The ties ttiat bind the States All the markets of the world are open to her.winthe United Statesand contentedThere may betosong inwrought of the puUie buUdings, let them enforce Mirorthemselves. In the case ofSouth Caro- small fraction of the total consumption.Superior Cotn^lf necessary, by enlisting the aid of a poliee force. Ifit lack such power, let it at once ob- and so save whateitherINational Government self-will, or immoderate egotism can be de-lina, no motive other than that of ungovernableCongress was in session again yesterday, and the or a general conflagration of all the public tected. To applications for delay, for co- dom of trade in the cheapest and best marketproceedings were interesting. In the Senate, sev- buildings in 'Washington, so that no evidences eral propositions bearing upon the present mis- of their guilty complicity ia frauds which have imderstanding between the two sections of the cost many millions to the country, might be country were submitted, and>referred to the Select— operation, from sister States, she retarns for herself in the worldNorthern States.universal— fraternity personalsclfislmessof its most creditoble from occupants— them several amongsubmitted to theof their successors.of wood anddliurchlife in all its relations be broa^||iBtiyagi)aUkseveralbut of concern. important publicCommittee of Thirteenaiuendjocnts to the Constitution, by Mr. Douglas.scrutinyriages, manufacturesiron, glass,the wiUsonal,The SiTEEMACT or the Ukitid Siatbb Cobthe destruction of ourSouth Carolinaenjoysthe mostperfectfree-tain proper apartmentsdignity the Bench still retains, and the lives ofThe time fordo not hesitate to avow ourviction that to comption in the very highestwiththe heavenly key-aete. Umb,toe, fine Mosaic of Christian etttt^ad futiesdesiringTennessee, proceeded to make an elaborate believe. But whoever has read the evidence ment can rest. If success is to follow this in her natural and best markets has been the Dkvlis in his place. The reasons assigned by speech —BntjustatthiapoiBt tte aacoad elaaas «r in answer to his colleague and Mr. Wade, of Ohio. given before the House Committee, appointed new movement, then we are under a new dis- slight duties paid on foreign merchandise Acting-Mayor Peck, for the removal, appear paragraph of the rizlh artida of thsConstitB-He believed the Bepublicans responsible for all the trouble at present existing in the Union. In theto investigate the agencies through which thepensation, and the book of experience and liis-say upon one-tenth of what she imports. But,cogent and satisfactory, Mr. Platt having intion comes with intojiaj,—bers was read, annooncmg the seceasion of their CoBiirtiu3 Wesdzll as to the distribu- The subject which unites the South against tection, a postal service. Federal Courts and in an unsale Bankthe deelaratioB Constitatioih and the laws oftheHouse, a letter signeddeposited ;the South Carolina mem- gress. Mr.MoAbib,ofIllinois,offered«resolutionthat "Thisde- United States whieh shall be made intor the of a appointmentCommittee to investigateamongshaUbe made, under the authority of theand resolutionfromfor a restoration of the Miaaourithemselves,cannot failor products.But'Virgitdaand South Caro-It would be impossible tor langnsge to ba>^providing, among other things Compromise lineafraid of criminatingthem all continued and maintained.In otlierCounty Treasurer.Behiad these official rea-Cabinet,andwillundoubtedlyrepresentPennsyl- erationsofavania in some capacity—what, however, veloped in the myeteries of the future.is still en-pecuniary nature such as shouldnually exported,and eannot, that the dection of Mr. LisoourLecompton Bill was carriedby way of ofi-set to these duties, she has pro-State, and their consequent withdrawal from Con- tion of the public printing profits, the Iforth will be the very one that ren- officials, the eost of maintaining all which nied, the authority of the Board of Al-ed at the White House— pointsshe does notwith a singlethe bonds demanded of him;the testimony oftory may as well be closed.thefirstplacethe City secondly, havingthemselves impossible. considerably exceeds the whole revenue de- dermen to inquire as to the amount,the late defalcation in the Interior Department It the Federal patronage to buy rotes in South Carolina and Virginia have more and rived from the State to the General Govern- condition and safe-keeping of the public United States, shaO be the law ofand the shameless prostitution of ders tiie unionwashidover,pendingthereceiptofacommuni- supportofwhatevermeasure eitherof ment,fromallsources. Inhernewrelationswaa originat- sharper points of diffAence than whoever, we say, has these have with the Free States. Thereunderhis and snpreme charge ; tinally, having the land and the in State shaOcation from thesubject, and also one from the Secretary of theTreasury, asking for an investigation, after which read even tlie meagre and reluctant evidence no rivalry or competition between the latter one of these expenses. On the contrary, she by the Board of Supervisors, for the security tion or laws State to theSecretary of the Interior on theit was ;i»s.sed. John CoCHkAHE offered a preamble extorted on theseJudges everybe bound thereby, mnftUng in the Conttilu-men who were and the former in respect to their industrymanifests a commendable anxiety to have of the vast amounts in his hands as lodgedof tmy notwithstanding.contrarf¥'i.?**^I? proposed as a substitute that the to arrive at the ccmclufion that Mr. BucnANAN lina are the very antipodes on a point which words, South Carolina actually enjoys almost sons, however, rumor has for some timeJudiciary Committee inquire into the relations ex- was isting between the Federal Government and thethan this, or more efibctually to ex- times, to coun- would, in an hour, any compact clude the e<mstmctive right of secessioa. itquite willing, tenantc and evenat all dissolve en- perfect freedom of trade, and all the advan- asserted that Mr. Platt, under the advice plaineristopropose dispensegiveinto between them, no matter how tages the Govenmient can confer, without pay- of his physicians, intended to resign earlywithdrew his resolution, objection being made to the Nnlional Treasury, in order to carry strongly expressed—that of Slavery. The re- ing to it in return so large a sum as is ex- next January, so that the Mayor might then State their solemn to nakaits introductioo hefore the Special Committee had outisuccessfuUy whatever political ob- newal of the Slave-trade lies at thepassed withoat debate, and toe Bouse adjourned ject the South demanded at his hands. tion of the secession movement of the former. pensable to her.The Telegraph seems likely to perfect Mr. hrs- this paper we can substantiate, that aH the yearly exports her increase, which is her lina will have to pay what the 4naohlnery of golden opportunity of Mr. Wood's abseneecoln's GaUnet in a short period. Hoa. DatidState of SoDth Carolina. Mr. Coohbasefinallyorganizethepillageofteredwin be seen, also, that this clause biads fliethingto lose, orbydisorganisation.community,estandableone,'representingallpartiesand m'ailonallwhohaveanythingtobeplun- dryorapowderjnill,orthemeansofclothingOommm OoaB-JWho looks upon It lives with a can be no government, and without govern- in the world's heart thanwhat we are.ment no society, nor wealth, nor progress,it as antiquated but stronger pulse'.~??»^"violence, bloodjahed,andrapine.provethe sittings were held were whollyCarolinamightproveinifectious, northward as well as southward.and travel.'for human^*iUBus not a fewcates of secession. The great question forhereamongapologistssoil;whether or the base la^,passionsis theBy refusing to do so it commits the gravest of crimes, be-here. Thetruelaw is to enforce it.todealwithanobnoxious But, while on the stat-Supremethe world. For who can read the simple nar- Justice presented hims^ at the door,made by (he emheaaling clerk, aad the arrest, utive looks supinely en, unmored or incapable asasuspectedaccoiapliee,inthisCity,ofaorwhatseemsmoreprobable<isinleague leadingmotivestosecession,underwhichthe to-day,)speculator who' is known to hare had meet dangerously intimate reUtions withtoobeing taken to retain them. foUow within the next few weeks or months. tral power is flooted and eontemited. To render first developed by Mr. McDutfii in his famous "rative in which theWe hare and advo-and thattendance there must inevitably beget dia«|jH[.°^^*^.^St. Peter's and St. conduct. It is one which involves not only Sophia, as weU as of old Trinity, ring ia theyieldneeesaitythe means of msking eitherto theand feedinghasdeparted. Be-- lampofAladdin. Ifnot,themorequietlyshe^mpest,allowingno tweenamobofwhitesontheonehandand jogsalonglaheroldpathsthebetterforher B(reBao«s;efiklf^of design tfaaof our Got- tne Federalis a mosthazardous and dangerous one. They may trade withoiU taxation. Bnt not content withimmemorisl she his enjoyed.errr Yale.The eigfateeB hundred and sixtieth anniver-trl-in whateveronly escape and salvatiolt is in the rigidjudgeof a sest on th*'Uke Chris- tianity itself, of whose- vitality it partakes,ofber historic epochwe still read afresh itsas it echoes along the centuries and spreads everwiderovertheglobe. Thevisionofits coming was revealed to the first man. and its commemoration will last out the world. IthighThe bells of St. Paul's,andas tologs and Christmascandlescarols—churches—merry chimes, ly psssed resolution assigningfaceandthe dancing with glee, andhand agenciesr^~' 'records theSouth Carolina, and constitute one of the great event, (and let everyone read it anew Court had resumed possession of thewith the traitors. A. blow is struck at soeial State is to reach the very acme of wealth tion of thetime,The Justiceeager to avoid any scene ororganisation aad government, 'Which, unless and power.glanceit is now, and not be convinced that the celes-tial Gloria in Excelsis which ushered in thefor the rea- ube and the Thames, by the then undiscoveredObligations to mimicipal laws will next be re- son that there is no consumption for them Amazon, Mississippi and St. Lawrence, tor into which m<ght Mag •!•law and order correspondingly weakened. duty-paying goods in any qnarter,countered a refusal ; and not dioariagj|»fla» « any contest,pudiated by a refusal on the part of the people among the great mass of her population" "the One Jesus is now worshipped every-andto obey them. Next will follow the obliga- whole amount directly imported into the State where as Very God.' a.ad his Divine of justice, Judge Moscsixr simply laSPMltions between individuals, till neither persons firom foreign countries averaging only fromnor property arc longer respected, and forms $1,600,000 to $2,000,000. A considerable por-of government become a mockery, because tion of her imports are either on the free list however, yetIf there were any sentiment of nationalityin the secession movement there presentbirth of the Divine Child, to accept his doc- wlio over trines, and to celebrate their first Christmas.founda- in her own territories for services indis- pendedhave the nomination of hie successor. This Judges by oati^,the United SUtes laws sod ConrtMntiaB pan-reported. The Diplomatic Appropriation bill wasuntil Thursday. We belie ve, and turning back to the files of Virginia can entertain no more slaves. She Now, in her National capacity, Sonth Caro- mind, and hence the Acting Mayor seized the whatever exception asay be aaade as to theofslaves Governmentcosts. Insteadofthreeorfourhun-and wu are straightway ii^ormed over the wvee of LiEwis Cas; and the present Postmaster- in that State is about 476,000. The ratio of dred thousand dollars, as at present, we must lain and County "Treasurer beyond the further to legal and OonsUtathmal electicHis heldof thethat Mr. -WiLHOT his been offered a place in the General, have been h, retofore detected in op- increase about S3 per cent. The number an- estimate her expenses as a nation, or as a mem- reach of our Municipal Chief SfagistraU; dur- under it.WiLiiOT, of Pennsylvania, visited him yesterday, numbersCabinet, with the exceptions most -valuable product The numberfrom the City, to place theoffice oi Clumber-ever can be taken-aadMtoteSonfiiOaroBnahssnotpretended,consequently, is about 14,000. ber of a Southern Confederacy at five times ing the balance of his term.have caused their instant suspension and im- At $500 per head, their value exceeds $7,- these sums. If she is to cut a figure at all As to the new appointee, Mr. Dkvli.m, he is was io any reqeet imcoBStitutionsl. He waaVery little of interest was done in opm session peachment. Turn back to the evidence given 000,000. Ojen the Slave-trade, and the price in proportion to her swelling port, she will a gentleman of Democratic principles, who bom a free white citiaen of the United States;in the South Carolina State Convention yesterday. by RicB-iBD ScHXLL, as to the •' loans " made of Judge Maobath introduced an ordinance previdingthat the of Courts take in cases to Secretary Floyd about the time of the Wii- Judges cognizanceof Admiralty and maritime juii^ction, as under lett's Point purchase, and the subsequent mys-'Virginia head, would,the laws of the United States, which was referred to the Committee on the Constitution. 'Rie Ad-cided to pursue did not transpire.terious destruction of Mr. Scheix'sbook; then see how completely these already ilk evidence, coincide with the state-as soon as open this trade. It is these, slight as they now are, she is rushing is the first public office he has ever held, and doubt that the majority was in his favor. Fordress to the of the Southern peopleto do bo, consequently out of the General Government. daties we doubt not that he will make a respectable any Exportinauguratioa,States was takenup and amended in various particulars, but not finally acted upon. In the evening, the ordi- nance to provide for a continuance of commercial relations was debated in secret session. It was understood that a conference was held with the CollectoroftheFort,butwhatcourseit wasde-nowscapegoat in this $870,000 robbery. Turn toagainstKentncky are in a similar condition, would act in view of the same motives.Take South Carolinathe Onion soests so little in common. There is no com- more palatable. We see nu wa,y iu been remark:ably siicccs-'iful, ac-ou account of his election, is a shnpleand must be so treated by the Judges of aHmat,steamship Jura,arrived at this port last evening. The news;lator, through his friendsThe fromLiverpool on the llthto the monstroos Secretary of the Interior as chief specu-srBaa of the Constitution is equally binding np«ij18 not so late as we have vtdCape Bace,a fortune sand doUars, on which het'received,our London and Liverpool files de-themerce between Uie two, and veryof many hundxoJrecentlyIt declares rbut we find intails of various matters of interest. Among our '^^H; '*'°** relating to the condition of financeslittleperson-I'erhapb Why iscumulatingtliou- retired fromments of the clerkthe testimony in reference to thenuBI^ down in this country to n;an seen fit to reverse the of his re- the States, including South Carolina. "^"J^boiler and steamlive oak, machinery contracts, impU-go a shilling icr therevenues can be raised.injusticeout's moval. i!r. Dkvum is of Irish birth, but has otherwise is to act in flagrantcating Secretary Tooceyland sales in the West, behind which stoodtheir oflicialabontmade being the;public storeal intercourse.hardly imagineany."I The Senators and KepresentaUves befixra"theOne canatended to raiseoflicers. State and general.check- facts,Capitolagainst her interestlhei»-. Usisnnegroes now selling at $1,000 per soon see the need often or fifteen miliions aann- has amassed a large fortune in the clothing be reduced to the cost of the im- ally. How is such a vast sum to be raised * trade, and who is now connected w^ith the ported article. Virginia would set tire to her By impart duty F By no means. To avoid Broadway Bank as one of its Directors. Thishe is of btwfhl age, and his election dependsnpion the vole f no State in which there is a ^;temptdisrepate npoatheadminisMPISBhundreds of miUions of the Indies, of that the value of foreign merchandise received Africa and of China have yet to learn of theand has since adjourned the Court froiLfhfl to time in the expectation of some actia%,fl»by her through other ports exceeds that direct-anarchy, in whieh self-will and passion are merchandise worth speaking of. The greater brings it nearer to us and carries us and the wrongful attempts to ri^thetK.lfCain the Southern States towards the from the North, reducing the amount of for-thenothing but insolent and snappish repKc^. For provi^ons, clothing, fanning utensils, fur- overshadowed by general charity the — the fatal and malevolent intentions of a rival—She is evidently bent upon a piece of gratui' niture, boots, shoes and hats, machinery, car- return again to the days of its first love and tribunal It is a question not merely of per-tons mischief, and covets the glory of aloneapplying the torch that is to set the country nails, etc., etc., making up the greater por-sistance. 'Were she inspired by an instinct she fully admits the superiority of Northern csf unity of efl^irt and spirit." rebellion in a State ; Happy days emment may suppressSooth Carolina. Among other provisions, it znafes present dibtracted aspect of our national af- which is the of future there manufactures over all the world. South Car- roll onward, leading up the golden year !" presage greatness,or, in other words, coerce the individual rebels, however numerous, provided the State in itothe fitting out of slavers, like the sailing of them, fairs.piracy, and changes the penalty &om death to im- prisooment for life. The special order—the bill for the admission of Kansas—was postponed, ill oiJer that the resolutionAn Aldermaaic Conp d'EtRt.His Honor the Mayor will be dis.i^'rccctbly by their vaporing almost perfect freedom of trade since the for- surprised this morning, to hear that the Boardoffered by Mr.any(te^are itselfwould then be some logical relations between olina consequently has, unconsciously to her- President in person has taken no her ideas and her power. No people that have self, to be sure, been enjoying th* blessings ofrefiains firomresistance of the people. Bat, aeeording toThat theshare in the gigantic system of bribery and a great future evercorporate capacitypeculation which has existed under liis man-Johnson, of Tennessee, miL;ht be considered agement, we pay the high office which he Carolina has not displayed a single quality the most favorable circumstances possible.as unfinished and Mr. holds the compliment of doing our utmost to which a State or a well-ordered Govern- The only drawback to this freedom of trade business, NicaOLSOS, of uponoffice of Chamberlain, appointing Mr. Danixl ofprovokeand extravagance.derision and contempt. Southmation of the Federal Gove'mmcni, aud underof Aldermen, at their meeting yesterday after-noon, removed Mr. Nathan C. Plait Irom the out of the Union, and tttns paralyse the aimStete to resist hisher moral sense. North Carolina and are not to be thought of, as the consequences officer, though without that experience iu fore, or to attempt a secession from theare no two States inthoroughly payprivilegewettiupwhich wherehehasit is not in- il not as sensi-oaths.The next or last clause of the si.xthand wouldbeequally Anexcisewould aflairswhichMr.A.V.Biotjtwouldhave unpleasant. Cityand Louisiana. There bellion. It don'tdisregardoT .not do. It v/ould instantly provoke domestic re- iiroLght to the duties, had the Board of Alder-ofisolated from each other, or that have inter- whistle. Direct taxation would hardly be resided nearly twenty-five years in tliis City,contract of this City, and all the other equally subject on which tli£y would act together out- ble to have freedom from taxation, as freedom the clothing business— !iis name, hnwcvcr, tloned, »Ed the members of the severs! Stats T•M U»Ue, and explanations of Count PIBaIa^T su»piciou« transactioua in wUch ^ret«ry Side the opening of Uie 3l«ve-t»de, The iasadf trade 7 The fonuer proposiliufi is no uoie h«iiig stiii kept up iu Uie acw Una K) iiiUo- ttt(c», sad aU eMCBUve ^sdMslr-Un<tootitled Documenmoney refused towhole world at thatartr the renovated Christian worid as—without a fimn-made, a fortnight since,to savecent gentlemen, and it is doe to the Oorpora-tioa to say that Ir iaade BbiBe, though no vairto-day and, after sixty gen-«4that andwwlanf1to«l*yohBu „„„.^ommf,ia thelata Oomi^iesi^ ofnity—the smiling—children,renewing again the days of their youth ^yule commodations. The two Boaids^ » »Fundsand—it wasIdeas are inter-penetrating more^and more ' fsets of the case before his Court, tramittlfilthe framework of the world, 'vlst spaces,remain to be conquered. The a statement of them to the Cmnmon CMrife^'^was sot a pleasant prospect to the Aldermanic mount to Stete laws aad On—IIIbUiibb Kow,^m m !.TaUey, by the greet wM-stoim nwttwconespondeat In a pfevioas letter, appean to of Attomey-GeneTal Black on the diapated ton (Tonrention, and u she isthetegets«r.I;,II!vicinity 'Of Great Bait Lake City.aow oadertak-morahig,Cbairraaa. action of thehave been very cooaioetaUe. Honsee wfra oa- roofed and blown dowii,.a great deal of fencing was destroyed, aad hay and grain stacks were scattered overtheclaims of the modern El- It is a fact, painful bnt not suppresslble,land and dorado.miningiog to break up*^ ^•*•of Aldertnen last win evfi^ngStales. Hereafter she win ackoo^rledge no 19,000 gnlWf ,'**'^proudlyDiT-tM48 saU-of-Uie-Une, mounted witk We make no d'oabt the'Vosioaa toBBitk i. BJBBT WISfavor. Whetherfind the plsoe aoy more a bed of rosea thaaJudges of Ihe tencehavthMBeDtertaiaed. AppUcatioBwaacfl,inlarposettaese'laav'.-theadd comfort. She has now free- saojpifaf^ (d^inL Vji^P^ Sangidaarypresent advantages, she proposes to ruin her-It was some time before'*andthatatrialwasaetoaUyprnrwM^f Homiifii-^ ftdeftt^occapaac^and presently ensure death. The fi«viei$9r <'^fthe same fearful oaoae.aad officers, sendhle ef the deleterioaK, .fifi;,Conrt obtained poesessien of the keys i€-9mindorsing the thetheoryoftheSece^ionista,fheStatemayat time, and for anycausaUnited States airihaclty.ancethereof;poia*. and aH treaties %iade, or wMehsupremacyof United Stateslawa,none wiiat-;mnstirijjf:^Conatitation,.^' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 