'clisnge speech has strengthened community—a*tee Legistetore te the biD jutgMktobond,wouldbebarrenand socalled."adUj^ om^bns Bta,lnMt%AmUother;tip.that the political Jack Ketch of the Old Domin- ion might be about to retire from office withhavingten in < passengers Usstage,in the boroughsand, concedingpeople member that tbe'^fHmftf. revoked the license of an OBntei MeHi itttIn this news. American influence is represented M on the decline.The iteamahip North Star, bringing the Pacific midia, and a tmsll amount of specie, arrived hereifrom Asjdnwall, via Havana, yesterday. She Iniiiga no later intelligence.ne Senate adoptad the resolution of Ur. Ua- BOB instructing the Committee on Foreign Bela- tions to inquire what legislation may be needed topowerful,constrained to liow Virginian Governor is,passionsweshall have received teespeech itself of the Emperor in full. Words whichwith China, Burmah and Siam. The bill incorporating the Natioaalreportedcarry outtrea^ stipulations"at the end of the trip. If a butter-fiagand driver, receiving it on the outer aide, lets it dip upon the roof and thence bound away into space,and School of Arts was introduced by Mr. ^oini. After some discussion the bill relative toimdoubtedlyingpowertui community.testThoutenel,at Vienna, had very pteinlyGalleiyIt te a mere trmsm totheof District-Attorneys, Marshals andhavedered him, therefore, less available as a candi- ingthat ail humanuperial speech, between tee passionate schemes especially if that passenger be a woman or a child,paynothing canmore com-Cletts of the United States Courts, was passed.The special order of the day was the bill providingfor the enlargement of the LouisviUe and Portlandsimpler,nothingwooU all Ui. McLAn accomplishof the Pro-slavery ex-sometUng ^^^^^^^^Teateiday, being the last day for the introduc-^jlksxHri*. law.Wttffa^.eontnlnidl^length awl breadth or the Soatt Kbodnn'f) iMMe aetOag torth the tetrfliiB wifetjlf ftfa»»Mi«i< ftiitje ymDcLms. the hotel brte «t night, and asked the nightwhich, at the outset at aH has neither The true, and, aa far aa we events,glory«y«HS tirtewtM*»«g«aV:Tott[«aaa (w«Mr)-Tw* i>«uus » toputhispocket-l^inthesafe °fthe things,asiJan an- public feeling. In a might meditate m Utopia itself, but which hadfor the night, takmg '^fcWMlilllMifclTBIIII DOILAM. ilny having retired toUnion.Mr. SiwABo'8 recentmuif do, —even if it haa not by jury, they are of no ose whatever unless free and Christian State. Then, too, tee teougbt dteg Sunday amnaementa,tta'CdailVOB euaWKU ~—whollydissipatedthefearsofhisopponents, theyaresupportedbythesentimentofthecom- offeatoreteto OUT Tl legislation.Ipocket-book remained.The Sole-Leather Hanuiiactorers' Conventioncapital punishment,kinds Of ooUng, byrfwyM«aItInbispocket-book,($328,)was the gone,thoughinflictedforainmdjjptft^t theatrical 8mnsemeaten^ft^1|iM^extending existing laWn eifV JLperformaDceswhichhadw>I Sai,—LiTUT rsoii N«w- totx.^ tofwarde teeiJMK* mimTHKATSB-TAanrrinu>.-.1; « On Fiiaiora*.NEWS OF THE DAY.n» (teamabip Ctrnwnm of the Lever line, fioB Oalvrar Karch 3, called yeeterdar at St. Jokaa, N. F. The news transmitted thence by liilnmili la important On tlie 1st inst. the Uln-every night,pay!—Smt Bnadwsy—IbBU twKmtheand most bitter of bis opponentecensorshipof ite Press to obscure, illiterate teecord, overthe region of the James teem aUe.iUJEBT—Kxazimov or Fuamiai.common lots were heavy. Com, Bye and Barleyof radicalism orchildren that it te manly and patriotic to join a;r to each of the smaller boroughs,lat«r seems to form an Inconsiderable ingredient In'fisr ianlMHeMil''lasidQnm to 'Strengthen the representa- ImKB towns. Two additional members areaddisido,and two to Scotland. The Liber- to be mnch dissatisfied with the bill. f}nM^1mmt day tbe French Corp* Legislatif by the Emperor in a speech of mo-thingas when it seeks to defend it has incited his friends to fresh efforte and illegal courses.deepjus- followersger. That te thte City, ruled a CsaisI byal*and Farma should be left at lib- coqaolidate with Sivdinia, and, under '%t coBttngeDciss, the Somagna also. Tbe . jlot Eiaiwa, be said, required the addition of BcTOf' to bar bonudaties, a measure which the nai|FaOTen,Iie tnialad, would upon reflection find mtwmfon to appose. The efifect of the speech warfVt^inM a tiimng decline, both on the Bourse Bfte fhe London Stock market. The English fiB loud against the Bavoy scheme. IrnODV Samtraax, of poetical ante- LJs spoken pf aa the Napoleonic candidate forANkranneiowii.FromItalywelearnthat lAile tke Pope berins to see the necessity of con- cciiiiastBU*i«M subjectsjie liad just threatenedof Sardinia with excommunication.platit^ teiistiiii of conquered territory. LMK-Kaxkaa advices reach as from VeralCruzplatformthat Slavery must expand or dieThe conservative tone of Mr. Siwabo'sgerbyviolentmteguidedmL Barring to Italy, he declaredspeechforhisnomination,andit willunquestionablyof traitors such as teese through weeks and thmg as a right should be recognized in «Be'«raik"months and te not justice at all, but pariah class of paaaangeis, te asriensniltst'ftiri^eonU not be annexed to Piedmont,The Vengeance of Virginia.When Mr. Wise resigned tbe gubernatorialfullyseat of Virginte to hte successor, we hoped which assuredly te very far from being the'>i obstiBataly liwJJbe oiected into a separate kingdom,and If vigor energy.in the counties,portion wtee, they«h«tMM«d iBwUekUi ^laetaN UllMlllllHI>—annicy, tarnbraUenmentte aeqatteeitriaMi(Mwlal|e« dntaai^aoitaf.. latareat waa brought to trial vi^ beforeJi t.o-d—a,y, i_n. the „.fnaie Oooit, Circuit,are thonsands cumstances,tosaddlethese unfortunates with B&d generation than the counsellors of ComptroQer'e utieafIJ]flS(IM>T)lit^MlAMmty tieeXuna. ItliibnraghtagainittheMM«».I-J- ineveryStatewhoconcurinit* UJTD, proprietors of the MetropoUtan Hotel, totheexecutionofafresh the stetate,him The gaest thereupon went bed, putUngin wtiich tews areenforced by trial become practically impossible in a prosperous,his pocket-book, under hUoillow. In the morning, as he sUeges, the inoney the faith of his triends,his coat, containingbusiness..ThePreeidentialContest.—and this distinction, so far from being North that suffers when harmless are yet peddlersoriginalwithMr.Siwaru,isaimplyadopted mauledandtheirpacltsrobbedinyirginia,,^orto curtail tbeir bnainess until the present been forwin do the Stete some real servicedeclared in if not, they may save themselves the troubte tal punishment inflictedjotetthe«f mq^mt jnvMBtagree_n.m.. PAT'i CAira-flHAmr superabundant supply of goods in the market ahall Antitwentyyears -Slavery journals,heldforto odium the bytheysentiment.Hmeof Comnkona by Lord Jomi Bcssiu. It by this standard, the Democrats of the South Stotes, saysiiMtW' Befoim 1)iU4Wi.* t*B-pewid qualificationaak^youai*in the of them. If the conservativeperpetra- " liberate his own soul " and tee sUves ofTyi—wu bronght forward in thewatchingpublicJudged speaking of the West Indies and other Slave tator. The worst sufferers from all these law- Brown set society at .defiance that he mightPro-SlaTety programme, pure et simple, as thebasis of their action in the coming contestMr. CuBXT, of Alabama, says that a victory more like profit on stock or cmrital tkan isiffr properlyupon anyworthlessout, and that Congress must protect its exten-sion into new Territories, against the hostilityalike of the legislatures and the people. Ala- pressedand one or two other South- ern States have taken groimd against Dottolas and his doctrines, and have indicated a purposeto bolt in tbe event of his nomination.These movements, it is true, are not conclu- sive. They are often resorted to for effect npon the Convention, and give place to a sober second thought after the event wiiich theyNinth-avenue and Fomteente sheetbama, Mississippi—but they would not be without influence ifofthe Union are becoming disreputable every-him. In some had this effecthavebut this has been diminishedwith a more reasonable because a moreletters of the FrenchM. pany at Rome andbytheycorrespond-saypassionsexaspe-bedivergence now admitted in the Im- mon, than for bim to insult the passenger within,the indications thatandthe owners ol these vehicles may save each dayCanal, and for the construction of a branch. When date.it was taken up, Mr. Waoi, of Ohio, presented Just now his chances of the nomination otherwise."Tesolutions of the Ohio Legislature in favor of theproject. Mr. Bbioht procured the adoption of an do not seem to be very promising. He willreportte, of all imaginable mobs, the least amenable of tee legitimtet policy, and that patient by assertingto any argument but force ; and such is the of established facte, which te him at all. And all thte takes ptece, merely thatand they fear the effect, also, ofStates, andeverythingnow indicates that,afterall,a man of likettr ycaHMi 4I«K», JfclN^ illiwli ai» Mf>—guest TMtted but who shrink from raising to power a party ious ?recovermoneyallegedtohavebeenstolenfroma ciplesandsympathizewithmoatofitsaims,*^ wUch madmen The Sunsat AMunMBRS. Bllili. H.MiWfcigneat of the hotel. It appearscoild not SoTthe person hsvmg =>;"Kf .^f"^.?the key writhand the axe, and see that it Aoold be lenwAei/'''- ~''>< "<"'e e* This the clerkthegallowsCapitalStates and Labor Statesneighborsrespectively ; and abuses will eventually fail.It is not theashes, whole community given up for more than aIn advance of the action of Conventions, the from Mr. Webstxb's Plymouth oration, de- when a whole in tbe Carolines turnsof can be determined position partiesteeArsenaL NorwereBacon'snpon objecteprevent tlmitfilkmt,'''Hik secure tee greater quiet (^tbe City on dotiKp,him a sectional vote. If the whoever may be the candidates, the contestwith ourselves, and we felt that it are wite men like the teird Napoleon the transaction, and things ;protectstee carrieragaiaitand action in the Senate have mainly to soften Southern hostility againsthave had a to look for rightthat of themwillfall dropshtefareintotheseaofdirtystrawbeneaUi,be any unexpectedly mustleaveitthere,tobepickedoutbytheCom-the diplomacy of the Old World. The te-speechessoughta resolution in themightfrom a stetesman of loftier position dealsaid upon;to tee FrenchEnvoys foreshadowed thequarters theyForeign Mimster,tion to thewhUatha ^pnbUean Senators maintained entire Mr. CuRRT and his friends. Mr. as a citement in tbe South, ever sinee tbe Johh him immoderately. But the deed which Vir-and that tboiM Qving on the Mexican frontier needno Inner trouble from his band of If theEothen Kinglake had moved in teetl*bparticularsuch peers as;teemuchcause for dissatlsfactiosThe purchase and shipment of their gold eoins theyanticipated, ereignty, as he defines it, or the platform ofworkingsa time onthepoputer neck,withoutberating•EBgUah Dispiuchaa tke Stappage af theaUeo^ He Indian, and the Diplomatic and Douglas,CoDfldat Appropiiation bills were passed in the bold and logical partisan, will be very likely to Beown riot, should be in either ignorance orEooae. The greater part of the day was spent by say that the Convention must he consistent,— doubt about a matter so patent, is somethingthat body in Committee of the Whole, debating we confess we are unable to under- amendments to the rules. Some discussion oc- that it must take one position or the other, and which|cunM on the question whether the Military Acad- that, if he is discarded, they must assert the stand. Tbe Constitution of the United Btetesand absurd.ginia proposes to do to-day, te far worse than The momentary effect produced by the Ccrrespondence reteting to tee stoppage.of teaemy bill, as returned with amendments by the Benate, should be referred to the Committee on Ways and Means, or to the Military Committee. Withoot settling the point the House adjourned.CoL HAbtxt Bkowv, the special agent appointedt«lK«Mtigate the present condition of afiairs inTaiat^anitea from Mew-Orleans to the authoritiesat WaMliitiai, nnder date of the 13th inst. He those of the South, can decide both the plat- thinks thM CoUIMAB has ceased his depredations, form and the caadidate.Benate,authorizingCityBailroads. TheBecove-ry of Bent biU was passed, 19 to 9. The bill toempower members of Beliglous Societies to voteby proxy was also passed. The remainder of the the exercise of Congreasionai power over the MAir indicates were to be placed on the stetute Sf^!"!"^*!? surrendered te the discussion of theof apt te bloodshed and passions,—Brilroa^ToU bill, which was made the Territories, while the Democrats denied.•pedalthe and demanded right,only abstinence fromorder for In the finallyto-day. House the Gene-bill was made thethe trade, property and of crats demand action, and the Republicans re- earnings«! Ajptpnriatiraof a public opinionwouldat the South for anytheof thte course it is too late for ua wouldpiotac^gadutlonal amendments, the bill was licana carried neariy every Northern State —peremptory or menacingand it must be re-.:.J^iaiiese that reqaest by foreigners. They have even Untadsince 1866.—Then th«heldalllikelytopass.conflictespecial,on tee teat it was'quite natu- subject,indlgnatloD, and been farther eaiblttered by tee eaa-.A Waste of Labor.Mr. Hickman hasHouse of Representetives iastracting tbe Committee on the Judiciary to inquire and re-ment, the courageous dtecretion which we of them are absolutely novel nor can it be way up through a chaos of crinoline to the pay-bale, ;port what legislation, if any, is necessary toingly weakened him at home, and have ren- give protection to citizens from one Stete go- rated exactly in proportion as the circle inintoful business, and that theyof for Slav- already secures to the citizen of each State,when or on lawfiil busi- traveling sojourningthink, be ult, havlEg been printed by oruer al the Heaas of Commons. The papers comprised a dlspatck Croa subject tbe Britisb Consul at Veddo, dated Nov. 21, Innleslag oftlie generalpeaceofEuropeengendered oneaddressedtotheActingConsulatKSMB^i wealth, and at the peace of the country, than tee attitude of the Emperor. The and a letter from the Foreign Office to the Ufi alCongressional protectionprincipleery in the Territories, and nominate a man whostands openly and plainly upon it.And heanycitizens of the latter.righte, privi-China AssocladoB, referring thereto, Witeteeretf^- Consul-General Aiooox passes te levitw ah Htecircumstances of what must be r rded lie egathe Japanese authorities and officials—a bad ~ ~of admlalstratioa, and little desire towill have the power to insist theupon adoptionhas no doubtwhich the alarmtete aofsuchacourse. Hisownvotes,joinedtostate of atfsirs. In Ua dls atefc ts p—Charleston Convention shallAdvicea received by the Indian De- course, discard Mr. Douglas and tiis princi-t atate that tte war against theNavajos ples, and nominate a Southern man, upon a eighty years of fraternal intercourse, nor byVM amecDiad vitt gnat vigor. In a recent bat-—the task of tbethe Constitution of tbe United States, nor byand in the House ofb ahaei^wUehttayhaditoleD,wererecaptured.of inter-sectional recrimina-of.tlMir BOBMr were killed, and 1,700platform,languagequestionLords, of NormasbyThe Demoeiatic Convention QeetgiaSiwaju>, npon ttie fromfgouthemand thetion to die away on tbe lipsthe North and at the South. In the tem- and Lord Shaftesbtirt had solaced themselves look upon as an act of lawltai spoUatiaai, aal aacanswillbegreatly simplified. TheywUlun-peopleMarquteqnestionablyyaeterday, after BomiBSting delegates to the Na- simple gronnd of hostility ta the extension of humanity,tional Convention. No preferences as to candi- date*«aie exUbited.Slavery,and to the exerciseplunderingof peaceful Northerner who ventures into hteby Congress is not at all likely to be deterred The relative at- neighborhood,pest of the first days wliich followed those by indulging in tee most tremendous invectives abuse of treaty provisions.scenes at Harper's Ferry, we all grew on tliis theme against the ambition of the fair exchange of products. Setatdefisaeo byiaralgaadjournedor a maltreatingIntended to louuia a onlyany power for its protection.tion of bills, two were introduced into the Bute 'titude4>f the two parties will have completely by any act which this present Congress te atterribly familiar with the notionRepuhUcansthe positive groond asserting and demanding rapine,OtaiSgeisclousness of a their helplessness to potthe fire, if not got up for the purpose, has^^^p^atmMd^jOnp to hold real estate was rejected. SouthVteiMfBan naed upon the Qrlnding Commit-«•• SvBw*. KUn-, Oolliiu, Payne, KcQuade, contest to this issue, they wiu have decided in tbe civilized worid, are paid wages, and ixj^aa^f^^ytm, "Nttoo, Yarian and Tucker.to askthemselves whether this fearful mistake of garding thte tetest Imperial speech as tee sig-ageatscanbelaid butto ;preventTheBoaid of Ald*RDen-laat evening rejectedthe result in advance,—no matter whomaybe punished for misconduct by dismissal, andnew delays to be mter- in tee way of setteng tee perplexingthefor the ofBce of Preajdent of tlM Crotoo Aque-^olntmg a Committee to confer with a Oommft-present list of Corporatioato secure greaterVahhig Corporation proceedings. In the Board OfCoMUMlmentherewasa numberofnn-large ImpwtMtpeutions presented and referred. Afterright.and thewe bad invited mankind to put upon tee htetoryHayor'a nomin^tleDnatural caadidate of thebe no moreintravelingin South Car-could well beoondustof the twdy generaUy, and ttat tha MfhaTtee of the Board of in the CouncUmen, revlringstrongelect him, hepeopledeliberatetyof Harper's Ferry.plague tee original interpreters,he commenU at length, aad vary ia hk stnagif,tbeaudience, wWh waa compoeed in the min of h aof Ex-Sberiff Wuxrtcandidates on either side.upheld tbe laws oftheus,periEurope, posednewspapers,publicity and economy in pub-with foreign Comptroller do somethteg to improve theActingConanl atSusfMa*,wUekWhig Partyin 1840. HisinflueaceandJudges to carry their ownlaws into exeontioniand wite foreignEven tbe petty States of Soute America haveeatlrsNow the Demo- strumentality after all onjury, theyand a determinedNorthernpurpose. Upon wild anddependjj'S""*?' ""'' "concurred in, and, sist it. Even upon the other issue the Repub- force or efficiency they might have. What now to waste words. It did ite** ^^ Senate smendments*'S"' "i to the billpower.special orderthe exercise of thesucceed at Charieston in bringing the States inwiiicbaervants,as in otherplaces men, Ve are sure, were beginninghardly,theMr. SxwAiD is theSouthiteelf, there wouldWe were reflecting,ofanydiflicultyduct Board. They also adopted a leaohldaa ap- BepubUcan Party ; and, if that party feels olina than in Massachusette. But the fact tewnisalJaa^ia. many individuals are quite dIsgiaBalU. Vp^fhaM".thatpublicopinionte withregardto (he classwickedwork:work wliiohwemay yethave that notmembered very long agothe official have thereupon, theystoppedanother,engageprivateto in aad law-hopelessness inleges, and immunities belonging by law to tbecanthanthte,it in-thisBepubli-the laws of hte own Stete, nor, though last not nominate Mr. least, by a sense of common justice andMr.adoptwho te neither deterred by the traditions ofdo more—And thte, not in any moment of panic. Sherise toother Stete, all thewas struck by Wisk in the fever of the rage.nor doa manner so solemn and binding as the Constitetion does it. Anybody in the Southgeneral prin-very pur- Vb^nia were theseBritain who now, Oie condition of ite «itt|lMMi4*<MKlsee, sympathy nor support in half the States of the remedy for the exteting state ofonly te aachronism and an absurdityli *aMlikcdontto w». Pile«,imwnpp*n,5concerning his nationality. It te not easy for munity. If the Judidsry Committee, there- crime totk*PaMtehan"Kiw- attheAstorHouse,givenbytheLeatherDealers proclaiminghis devotiontotheConstitntion Southteattheretenoinstitationworthdefend- teeother mpolitical tee coun- closed a two days' session yesterday, by a dinner any man to go fiirther than he has gone, in fore, can devise any pten of convincing the sel of Stetzns and Hazleti, very jusUy put itNo act of Congress— Virginia, to-day, will hang two men young,givenleading verydeplorable-T~»s— ^n*^B*"J.-PI r^rt tohiavla«»4 wlM fcailiiUft Mi telarge degree (torn ».diatnH|t fif llie uimwiihtive nationality of his opinions and poaitioa. Us duty in defeaoe of a Northeiner aaapeeted ooiivifisiims vrliich had already begni^Indeed, the apparent aeetionallam of the Re- of holding Anti-Slaveiy opinions. Would duike flie piond Northern Empire topublican Party te the most formidable ofaataele not be the belief mockery, imdef such cir- ite fdnndafions. Mnch wiser in their day stone, or leiwM i« *'!^'^ itisforcedtoencounter. "BaxeiBBOtat«rulersofposeofwUchwouldmakeit speciallyobnox- refused to the Irish revohitiontetsof 1848 andeitherMr.HawiserMM^alltA»ifeiflfrhaswaited until thefeelingsEnglish Housetrade which they believe mast imporerlA tgold currency, there has been, on the other hand,in the current ofsuppose,tilsthe Convention was the adoption of a series of and the Union, and his regard for the integrity ing which civilixed men cannot better defend oners before tee Virginte Legtelatere were The amendment, it teeloquent plearesolutions, by which the manufacturers mutually of every State sovereignty. Mr. EvranT haa by due process of tew than by mob violence, really as little like common murderers as teeof this City. The result of the deliberations <rfday,pris-when teey were originallybut CrusadersCongress, that he would ahonider Us musket to of reporting a bill for the protection of North- been allowed time enough to dilate be-up having;teougbt capi- upon suchbe so far reduced as to guaiaatee a &ir remunera-tion to the manu&ctnren.bTheMozartHallSeBoeiaeyheldameetinglast aidinputtingdownaalaveinaurTectioninany erners. IftbeSouthernerschoose to Intrust fore tee public mind, tillaraning to decide upon cootaetedaeata. The Com- Southern State. Thtewas considered the ne tbe protection of their property to gangs of of us begin to see bow Udeous a linqoento :—it tfana beeomei tka iBtoteet afJk«|TIIHTII Tii Bbm or m mittee made their topoit, whieh vraa aahelantially lUtni of devotion to the Constitutional rowdies and loafers, and treat themselves once teing It te, here in tee Democratic American Asylnm to aee that no piaoen ef Old adopted, embracing the Foarfli, Seventh, Ninth, pltu evade tbe of Uoenwftes.«nr JOimHKanau^-HABMom Jicx. SHMa»-flvTTenth, Fifteenth, Sixtaattth, Kghteenth and Twen- rights of the South. But Mr. Sewabd avowed a week or so to the spectacle of an unarmed Republic, and te tee year of our Lord I860.paymentaties wUcfa do pay, moreover, an 4il.4t,||^a4n. vantage when compared wiSt ftOHWMik 4^ruAM n SimTApreciselyleast thought- " incongmons reap-tiethWaida.The Stock Exchange contiaaes excited on partthe same sentiment, in different man beaten and abused onlysome hun- We must shrink_toopaa'-oaljraixt^ii-''week,concert rooms, smaE theatifli, fte.,«M -aiNIl'thewhen he said to the Slave States, dreds of armed and infiiriated ruffians and ful mmt shrink, from teein New-Tork Central, up to 74 *> cent.; represented in the Benate, if your sover- bigote, nobody will suffer from the conse- pearance in tee midst of our free modem civi- Theylanguage,yesterday in teeof the Share list, and a large business was donenot are allowedBock laland, 66, and Galena, 60. An additional eignty shall be assailed, no matter what the quences so much as themselves. When a lization of tee " royal justice " wtiidi pursued— wliitomany Iflget liiei w^tttB,decliae was accepted on idsaouri Sizes, whichwe shallof our oton." Not even tramples its own laws under foot, commits the after their leader's deate with tee:—TaiJjngiMkOo.'iMwnamii. closed alteration inpretest, as the^'no ttBeaaejust adopted BenAf ipi,cent. Norates. ExchangeonParisfellto(5.17}.81®81JMoneyfavoredand The amendmentwhsfmf. .;Cotton was inactive, though pricesbuy-support the cnrrent chargeceries were in request at full rates. No im- distinction between the South and North as iteor who tlie equivalentsharpestfoe,defenditcommunitysete ite own coarte atdefiance, teefollowers of Nathakiil Baoon for years gibbetandallers. Floor and Wheat were Ughtly dealt in, and has been able to find anything in thu speech to Government fiuctionaries, and teaches its River Colony. Nathaniel Bacon did far more nponto life and•. IN—WnoMsl I'm Oauut Spirits Turpentine attracted more attention. Gro- sectionalism against him, except perhaps his score in assaulting one, it te certainly not upon civil war than John Brown had so much aswere saleable and steady. Oats, Provisions and portant changes occurred in other branehes ofpropertyteteeweek, nen days te— cityfulonly by livered as long ago as in 1820, when Mr. W., out to cowhide a stone-mason or hunt a poor one whit more legal than teose of Brown.well be thankfiil.the drift ofseem more and more inclined to repudiate " The agriculture of these regions is a sort of com-Judge DoDGLAS, and to insist upon their own merce, and It is a species of employment in which tbe Sontiiem^ The OanlbuMr. SiwAKoand if thte effort shsald succeed,Napoleongradually disat^jearing.Threatsdissolvingand when we saw that Vir-:less aoto are those engaged tionr«—the productive causes, since the portionBote were traitors, no doubt but no impartial man will ever read their sto-of whits labor Is exceedingly smaU, and »Uive labor Is ratheritswith resoluteMr. DouoLAS should be nominated. Us strengthin Illinois, Pennsylvania and other closely con- tested Northern Stetes, will be urged as a rea-son for selecting some other candidate than herbe;whileitlamentedtbe ob- passionatestands the best chance, as old Whigs, Americans, and otiier elements ofbnt began peifuimjyMr. Batisprobably;seem willing to unite npon him aremanyDemocratsinneariyalltheSouth-feelstrongenoughtoelectamanoftheir ancesfortbeauthorofthtestapendousblun-Exchangescorps upontbetopofem States who do not concur in this view,arequitecertain to nominate Mr.and did, in fact, make them. It te noteignModena to tee growteg kingdom of Uppermoney. Eight of them got out, but oaly aavan a^ ceived their fares, tee onmipoteot Jetut eeaRf— own, they the election of Doug- SZWABD.declaresforteeannexationofParmaandstage,andofcoursedemandedthetetaiaof<WrtheOppositionwho would greatlylas to that of a Republican, and who feel thefoUy of insisting upon what is impossible. At not long since threatened to convert the can- sacrifice tbe gravest considerations of circumstances te follow teeir exampletlwTh^ ia notUng new from Morocco. The con-dltiaas of peace presented by Marshal O'DomncLLanaqgaidaa by the Spanish journals as exorb-itas,«i|pedal objeetian being made to the contem- present they are poweriess in their own States, vass into a struggle for national existeaee, are sense and dignity to the ecstasy of an tee great Powers to reflect upon tee nacious "matetainer of justice," who canted teaIdaspreferaMeantime the elements of disturbance which trait to exaggerate every emotion, and toDouglas should be nominated at Charleston.bfamdariBf disirtfh, we gather the statements that If the South, however, goes into the Conven- where. The public sentiment of the South te and fear, we could not fairiy demand that Vir- an independent political extetence, under The case te pleasing in Its^ but it daeatvwaa-on the oftedar. lfi»>rar had abandoned his designs upon Vera tion as a unit against him, he will not be the less distrustful and less hostile. The John ginian stetesmen should risk their influence a ruler to be chosen by the Tuscan tice also, u fixing attention upon tbe indaceat im-imdir tee of Kaich 3.From a confused andof Savoy;TuscanyCna^ttathiaaappliee were exhausted, and that to be a much less CiaMJAL, fcaring cnt off a thousand of his men, candidate. Unquestionably nine-tenths of the Brown invasion te seenthe m- matter ot the omnibuses. There being : policykad ^Mmed aH possfiillity of his retreat to the party in the Free States are for him but formidable affair than it was at first supposed furious torrent of tbetheyWe de-form any just estimate, eiteer ofCafitlL The rumor that the English and French will not force him upon an unwilUng and a to be. A very strong Union party has made plored the infatuation before which those who volved in thte or of tee effect which right in the owners of omnibuBes to collect i;popular folly.«ia »n% » wen endeavoring to bring about a recon- programme, in advance of the service they srs tocSBmon between Mouxov and Jcasxz is repeated hostile South. They fear the loss of Southern itself visible, and shown the ability to make should have ruled tbe people felt themselves it is likely to produce upon the public opinion we their servants to—States, and they have none which they canand knock of Europe, until and thump us into acquiescence vrith a demaaditselfin each of the border Slavewe knew even a but thatyet permitstaifipof will re- of every nation is bssed on its respect for the tew, and that the it values most te never in so much dan-oteer people. Bacon convulsed a colony thatLet a civic crown be iWif liwleirtljfti tt»'pyrotechnicPaliaurus. Thecountry,III. and Italy.Tbe Emperor Napoleon has spoken out hteMoreover, if a dozen such acts as Mr. Bieir- tocommon Union. Virginia would have it so uncertaintystopbook to-morrow, inasmueh as all viotetions of them could only be punidied through flie in-would make us accept John Bbownas thetoto be anythteg rateer tean:^oners, and substituting for Wc believe we run no hazard whatever in as- vent, we know from the occurrences which are But alter the storm came a calm. We were question of the annexation of Savoy to France CmttA FkA Oonmiaalto tbe Senate. Mr. A. Smitha MU removing the present they will have a much stronger position now.ofoffenceswhichMr.Hickmamseekstoi»e- nolittletrouble,weorourchildren,toundo ofFrancewerechargedtostatethatthe journals"* "*Boune agreed to hold even-lag wByim W^t VgtaidaTB excepted. Tbe bill possible exception of California, win ever voteto HMBt ftaih 1»^ •M of passenger tickets for Congressional protection to Slavery in the the maltreatment of men guilty of no crime ex- believed at the South to represent us of the a popular vote in Savoy itself,Bose, Opdyke, Gimnell serting single free State, with the in the If it beginning it could be would never be considered by tee Imperialwaa olimd to a tUra laadiDg. That authorizing Territories.their Itomes in a part of the United and our wiU. Southern North, our feelings,Iions on which ttie finger of the foreign diplnthat not one every day reported newspapers. to tbink whether possiblyAnd if the Democrats of the cept havingquiescencetbe Virginians could not in some way be set nal of any fresh complications in tee positionseticninsobs o ther dlrectloB, leading to the same end. Is hopelessForeigners, subjects of the various treaty Poww^li.; Kanagawa, have acted in a manner to justify the |ek ley and confirm the fears of the Japaaese aaihadlli^tradewouldtake, Ikas to the course foreign tfr-were what it ought to be, if it frowned upontrue, after aU,havein order will, beyond all question, be its nominee. Ho taken the protection of slave property out of in so many uaplessant shapes returningenough in Convention toholds, substantially, the same position towardsthat the Southernthat which Hejiry Clay held partytowardsthethe hands of tbeir own Courts, and confided itto to allow their own mobs. WhentheyrefiiseprognosticaUonsof tee impending downfaU of crossings "where Beelanan-street was to have China, tor Iniertlon to th« Btrtt CJimm ail BmaU,he states that In all hteconcurrence of his eoUsagoas, tke Aaieiicaa Mlslstar andtheFrenchrnnwlTliawslmuch debi^ and by a vote of 13 to 7, the ordi- representatlT« Republicanism are universally in cases in which Slavery te involved, it te notnauM inatitatmg an "Emigrant Protiction Bu- reau" was paased.JOHK MnoinnuieHvered a lecture last ev«n!n»In the Cooper Instf^ite on Napoho" 1*7%":* Free Trade element imported into it from the lar cases.—on Park- the pavemente, bete Broadway and'Within the ranks of thelican Party proper, he ia opposed only by theat all wonld asstet United Stetes likely theyrecognised.Repub-at us; andit is worte noting that, on tee very poeed and stepped tee whole proceeding. The taken tinm a I Maine juaiiiillocal friends It U'not«^TM^?''*'*£*'°8- MrnSlOHL hasrecenUy of other candidate*. BeyoB^^ pwtf Umit» of the Peace was beaten and ducked in a pondind »etun»dfromParis,wherehasuuteUfflaeifsome. hUnominationisresisted,tyJllK**^'^^very long since a Virginian JusticedayLegadibet Lima left that citycountrymen and countrywomen, filled the haradical Democratic ranks,byweather. Waahlngton te muddy Byta^ «f>ofEcer. <*>'- whomtee anadhttwtef^r>a*»l The Mag1 alforinsolent refiis*! of the Feruvlu QoT- werepavemente teMM «e a dail kf tea Ctenani, leplted ts H kt we do v>\ joiow j—noi is itability,the RepnbUc:^* fori«suingwartanteagainstpersooswhobndwith (heJudges in carrying out Federal tews in simi-been enjoying teeir flingrow,justThe Gazette ffrii gives the foUowiag. rem—Untitled Document.—!>>« ,.i*tsheer insanityappearleast, regarded as a very fortonats teoMaiL^are strengthhe might coerce a slnggtehGovernment into City Marshal! Thte offidsl yeeteiJij;safely sparenominating bySouth obstinately refuses to accept him, he will involve simply the administration of lie Would be neither chariteble nor just to expect and upon the phraseoiog>~ of these propositions any default or accident that may overtake fate will not be nominated. Mr. Douglas himself Qovemment, and not the Government itself.seems to understand this, and his recent;exposeseverypassengerto all the risks ofbyof Stetes.had pursued tus purpose of putting to death a and tee sensitive stands,of thedealt wite treason contemptaously,nponmenwho—as Mr.Skhhott,— ortheCaliphs tee ofpassed.testinctively,andmake up a much sterner account tean tee raidyear to perpeteal sUrmtehingsforays,to order, promotedoingries vriteoutticeduty.;fined him five doUais inteewhich bunte down teeand move on hte route stinacy with which the hero of Harper's Ferry rated on tee Italian question as it at present Ms horses and toelse of husought to influence has been decided. There as their candidate. But if the Republicans the martyr's aureole, could yet make allow- wite a shiver and a fall. The French Sover- last plucked up resolution enough to bna Atof Partefanatic whom death was sure to invest with and London have answered tee Imperial blast indignant inmates of this exteispoiind*der,Virginian, hut,onlyintense sensationItaly hmte at tee possibility that tee ErnOian ;choosing to approprtete tee nxpeoee of the eighth. passenger as his alleged daficit. Foil nail sl| fte.we an American fear,provtecesimportanceby begs thethteman Mayor'stobea Ogre, sad ttimof tee demands forand their future in an attempt to stem tbe people. It will be impossible, of course, to positions;directlysecurad peremptory justiceginia bad gone simply mad vrith mingled rage- ..to which we auta^ constantiy te. 4liaof teeHolySee be forced mayto andFrancematterinto teeof a provincial Executive, at such a mo- teeir influence will very largely depend. None vehicle. If the struggling passenger, fighting htebecomewhich they move is narrowed. A village mobby bill orWe can save the Judiciary Committee the constitution of society in Virginia that, for all the key-note of tee diplomacy of the rulerthat it was never to passed throughofeach omnibus, at the door, a cad or condnrtar, wbeduced to a point merely sufficient to keep will be for him to say whether the Convention House that no legislation on the subject will a mere hive of village mobs. Governor Wise language which Napoleon has now used. Its after a Ciiristian and civilized fiuhion.the improvement in repair. Mr. Toombs, of shall nominate a moderate man, and so evade be of the slightest use, and that if Congress must have been a very great man, indeed, if he only force, so far as teey are concerned, con- Once more we say, as the people of New-To«kGeorgia, regarded the whole concern as one were to do with which Ctovemment should have nothing to the consequences of its action, or take the fullamendment that when the Canal and branchtrouble either of drafting a bill, or drawing upthe whole State was con-tbe trifling additional expensemnnnting uponof France. Neiteer tee Pope nor thetolls received, the tolls shall be re- control the action of the Convention, and it a report, by informing Mr. Hickman and the verted by tee Harper's Ferry excitement late Eateer, then, will learn anything new;from the could give and take the money of lite insHTigei ihall be finished and paid for from the probably have strength enough, however, topractical purposes,so foolish as todo. Other Senators spoke, and the bill was final- responsibility of throwing him and his platform an act for the desired purpose it wouldly paaaed. The Senate then went into Eiecutive overboard. The party must choose betweenBeasion on the Nioaragnan Treaty, when Mr. Ma-so>urgedatnanehlengthitsratification. Other hispositionandthatofhisopponents. TheyBeasocntic Senators expressed doubts whether it must either accept the doctrine of Popular Sov- other sensible person who has paid atten-of thte hive. And as we had no reason to in-anythingpass was to find in himself the strength to re- stets in tee decteion with which it commits have not spirit enough of teeir own to revoltsist and disregard the angry clamors France finally and publicly to an absolutely against tliis sordid despotism, let a civic crownremain a dead letter on the stat-passive attitude towards the people of Central be decreed to every magtetrate who will do their duty for them, and keep these myrmidons of ourute book. That Mr. Hickmam, or anysist that Gov. WisK should be awe could afford to see him tlirow the reins for France, it makes any thought of armed inter- mastersbetween the different sections of oura certain degree of agitation and as the immedtete result of tee Em-ta It the adoption of their nsnal sommary and ill nagall ofscandal of such an interpretation asvery great man,Italy; and with which in so committing within behavior.vention on tee part of any oteer power inad-like decent boonds ofof theatgiven byforelgaars.on theor of:recognition^missibleTrade wUk Japam.the funds of France trade with Japan appeared in Loadaa oa tfeaSMkalarm on thebypopular frank avowal teat France needs and wtehesfor tee cession of Savoy,all teeintelligent, vigorous men Americans by birth have shown. It was but a few days before Lord J. RcBSzu he observes that. If, oa the oaa haaAthe blunder which brought John Brown to thegallows, and the Governor of Virginia who hassanctioned it has dealt in cold blood a heavierblow at the character of hte own Common- traced to anyspeech, therefore, uponand England, must not, weanxietyand blood, for treason to an American State. the delievery of the Imperial speech, that there has keen througbout much to oomplate of laral toexpect;damagethat the effecte of these scandals dreamed of. Jamestown laid in and a nothing unjust or oppreaeive te . tikeconviction that teeextortion, on the complaint of aa tejiad poMff- 1 'of and racy car-proprietorsof Commons for an in-of inter-sectionalhostility had begun te subside in the hearte quiry into tee actual position of this the less thai they see It begins with a ma apos theirof an dealers, and over-reached by their own sot^sek at BoNAPARTES. So much had, indeed, been done their instigation. It can hardly be wnadaed eft Aat " irrepressible conflict," a truly irrepressible to excite tee public mind of Englandj in they should have watched the eoodnst e( bate aMft-handed measuresincarnation of a deliberate Northern policy even te the abbreviated fashion in which it gaaces, all tending to the suspension of treattsi aid V'ahewords now reaches us,inretetionit.for somaayoitrava-'peror'spleaquestions already rateed.—I— to Beekman-stseet Extension. Cannot teeIt was coming back to usbeen extended, but for hte teterference ? the imbecility of steveholding commumties. new street was staked out across tee Park,sarcasms uponTh—eineaiuies ha tes ttawere taken up, and;I7Dder the plea of labor, and expaaaauntil the palace Is rebuilt there is no reaiedy. WUk that John Brown was seriously Government excepting under tee conditions of more or less pressure and Inevitable delay, ihey willand of tee ac- of the Great Powers. There can teerefore, be any valid reason for re-be the restrto- brought, no donbt, to abandon specificteen he inter-on which the American Secretary of restdt U that bote walks are nearly Impassable GAiiBAtMhssaiil*adat1«eene, te ooBPSarwiftfor teeyears,vengeance vengeancewhichhasbeenscorn- joicingtothewhoteofteatmtoeiaMs-orfwi'take toclass of-"—'— undenteed,at themen bias Befuge and the eeteblished aadwe can alllicensesgoin hte successftaladoptedtree of tee City.instance oftee'sameall to pay license fees alike, and fimUs—defined as tee " pleasure of fools," and In this particular case the driver ef eie^'te^''wisdom or the strengtenine of them had theb i paid;frontierpublic,eigiitbprovedpartirteattee hole by hte owners made sad- ] accordingly refused to obey tee CityonlyThe ace has been made theburalngButNapoleon'sallusiontoSavoy totalstoppageoftrade,thatMr.AloookballsaaitentOetew, proeaeteureaaesfasat tto bnttarlSBas *t sil- veritzebous,interdictedthesaleofeoppar,andIsM restrictions on the sale of all pndocts laoocx states that nothingactsdispatch tohe had seat to Mr. Basel, (hs Blt|a|^ .Idalstet tefootinli^-n^ataeeto i^nor can it be regarded aanniairiy anybody's freedom. Ihatttte an mcidental advimtage for wld^ wejpgr „ ''" TfTallequally-"Theyoeagwi*etthe iIds vehida.of the pal- Tyooea's. saatlob^' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 