 LunaticAsylum whichtastituUoa, to'of the Pro Rata haveTheym thatftugcrtyof---_,_-, _ . th* National Union ««__•*» to Washington and to the State of New York has the hearty sympathyandco-operationofthose whosupportedthebalanceofpowerticket nominatedatUncato • last, and elected by a majority of the people in November,andthatwestandpledgedtoallthemeasures of that organization which shall in good raith be in favor of the Union, the constitution and the enforcement of thelaws.Resolved,Thatthe foUowtog gentlemen,designated tomrentedskmdtfMonsareunequalledfori andfit.306Brtadway,upiHill, Inimitable Hair Cutter—Hwdr Pre, io No. 1 Barclay and sold by allm. BOMBOFMALTABy one who -ISVBBSI S|JMHltonight!* rarerof*-journm*Bt,.andthatanattemptM.T.3mofMBiBll IBkS* gCenDeVrVa_l W W I •"» _MTMo~n—da»y/, •—«> • •—i, a*d t_*d the Wedn**Uy following for tta third reading.Tata RMode Island Democratic State CoM- intimatesthatourcoursetothepublication ofthe WMta Smoky Chimmneys Cured by Butler's!•rets upoothevmsticnwould q"ot"c.tpartbytheNationalUnion Committee,harecommended••mtteauPaoviDBsrw, Feb. 16,1860.andBlackLtdhasbeencontrolled byother thai nigh* toned and honorable conductnocharge. Office Holloway's Pills a n d Ointmen t—Sr aria-MISCXLLA-BOCa.>t_eyioundniflissary topursue t o r ~festsal euro forn* ha_ respecttotheOontrecusgBoard,wasorderedtoathirdreading. TnMbill»presaedforth*ppuurposeofabridging the powers of theflat*Ragi-eer,wfahsbsspsastobemparty to watt th* majority of this Legislaturedoes he stand te the wajr of some of the waythe wbodesire tocontrolthe of th* Chicago Convention intioa. TheRModeIslandC o n v e n t i o n .Statesweatee, •»* * &***?dawwIon took plase on the motion of Mr Oover te engraft certain poiieemeno claimsTheBeaatewere jtherightofappropriating .underamotiontsengraftaprovision12—A. K. Chandler. It—Alfred Watkyna. "14—ChasH.Adams. 16—Wm.Burling.Russell Bullock for Lieutenant Governor, and Walter & Burgee for Attorney General. The candidates for Secretary ofStateandGederalTreasurer arethesame ssthe republicans.The Connerticnt Delegation to the C h a r l e s t o n C o n v e n t i o n .HARTFORD,Conn..Feb.16,1860. The editor of the Time$ deniesthat the delegation chosenbut, more properly speaking, unprincipled gang of rob- bers, murderers, thieves, fanatics and incendiaries.Nopoliticalorganisationthateverexistedhasforitsob- jectspurposessoinfamousasthatofthsblackrepublicanMew York, to SUSANNAP. ROBXBTS, of the former place, formerly of Williamsburg, L. I.BROOKS—CHAMBERS—InJerseyCity,onMonday,Feb• EWYORK _ O I B _ T V R J s .•snate.AJLSATT. Feb. 16 I860.serts that it is pledged to no candidate.aTasaaehuseUs Delegate* t o t h e Charles- t o n C o n v e n t i o n .BOSTON,Feb. 16,1860. At the Democratic Convention of the Seventh district of Massachusetts, a t Haverhill, to-day, Messrs. Pierce a n d Johnson, Douglas democrats, were elected delegates totheCharlestonConvention.Louisiana Politics.Naw OSLKAXS, Feb. 16,1860.The delegates elected from this city to the State Conven- tion are largely administration.Negro Suffrage I n Ohio. COLUMBCS, Feb. 16, 1860.and intend to follow it up, until the catalogue is ex hausted.for* took the lteat feeas delegates to the National UnionOsnveation, to he calledNational Colonof the law of 1817,those our enemies who have, by their votes and contri- butions,beeninstrumental inattemptingtodestroythe institutionofAfricanslavery,toInciteinsurrection,and who have aided ia organizing a band of bandits to murder women and children, aad to lay desolate our homes and firesides.Thetraitorouscombinationsthat have been guiltyof these dark, despicable and damnable deeds is that pol-Married.ADAMB—TT_WR—On Tuesday,Feb. 14, by the Ber.Wm.P.Corbett,WALTRBW. ADAMStoCka-itC.K.TCR- RXR,bothofthiscity.ATCHBON—SMTH.—In this city, on Saturday, Jan. 98, by the Rev. John & Mitchell, ALEXANDER ATCHBONto Miss LOR-TTASMITH,bothofthiscity.Philadelphia and Boston papers please copy.lo help theThe New York tax tovy was under consideration this 11—P. Cantine.ABTONHHIKGLT CHMAF 8BGABS-FB0WH TO 9M per thousand. WhoiSBale dealer* eaa Wrooure areas bargain-. O. CHK-8, 17Broadway,A GROTS WANTED-TO IRIX A M W AM) BBArrn A. fulwor*.publlaaedddsdar. Applyat3Tthirdfloor,frontroom.a charter foraseringabank. Senators 16—0. D.jrwabody.party. Cognizantofthesefacts,was itnotour duty, as TILDAA.CHAMBERS,daughterofSaml M.Chambers,Esq., wellK%thedutyofotherjournalistsattheSouth,towarn of JerseyCity.Sens favored the mesanre,andTheWeedportionofthelobbymeetto-morrowmorning to conclude their combinations and make the arrangement ofdstiibuuonofthespoils,ifsuccessful17—A.H.Premcott.ATKINBOICS PARISIAN TOOTH PABR.A BBteasBreparattoa, qs-dtly etosaateg las inanywaymercantile establishments,in New Yorkor distEpiscopalChurch,bytheRev.J. P.Newman,WARD restingdecay,an*impartingthe reseats has of tetelTwenty remonstranoee were presented against re-tor- tag the Ham rrrer steamboat landtogB.f the black republican party, which has for its object theFount—ADAMS.—At the residence of the bride's father,Several Senators presented petitions for right*Th* bill to Incorporate the New York Railroad and Steamboat Accideat Company was reported favorably.Mr. Brnos, (rep.) from the Twenty second district, gave notice of a bill authorising the building of a railroad la Seventh avenue and other streets in New York.Mr. RonmtrwM (ren.)tetroanced a bill relative to plant- lag oysters, which provides that all lands under water •ad below water mark belonging to the State shall be free far the purpose of planting oysters ; this, however, is notbe abandoned.While the country is divided Into tw o great parties,there Is a plurality of voters not belonging to either of them who are looking for some middle ground on which to stand and make manifest their interest for the Union, their respect for the constitution and their willingness to be recogsized as law abiding citizens. This body of men can never act with any sectional party, North or South. Though in a minority in most of the States, they possess, if united, the balance of power in nearly all of them. They feel that a time has arrived when all geographical agitations and all extreme opinions should be frownedmen are, and we ?ha)i UKO every exertion to inform them. to Miss CARRIF. ADAMS, daughter or Samuel Adams, Esq., WeareinNewYorkforthatpurpose,andwedonot bothofthiscity.intend to leave the city until the principal staple firms FINN—KIHANK.—OnTuesday, Feb. 14, at the residence which have heretofore done almost an exclusive Southern of tlie bride, b y Bev. Mr. Cassidy, THOB- G. FINN to ANN trade are presented in their true colors. Where a firm, NIHANX. all of Brooklyn.or any part of it. has voted or been connected with the PATTBRSOR—PRINGLB.—In Brooklyn,on Wedn?sday,Feb. black republican party, in any manner whatsoever, we 16, by Rev. Mr. Davie, of Flatlands, L I., JOHN H. PAT-intend to publish the fact' and, on the other hand, where TERSON, of Middletown, N .1.. to MARGARET I)., daughterof the late John Pringle, of New York. Monmouth papers please copy.cents per bne per annum to publishers of papers whose week- lyissueswillaveragefrom2.600to5,060espiespetweek.Publishers of newspapers who are desirous of pr.b'Whiuf our sdvertteetneBts on the above terms are requested te sea* an affidavit of their respective circulation, toge—«r with a copy of their paper to BA UWAT A CO , C John tract. Hew Terfc-BARTLETT8 HIHK DOLLAR SEWING MACHTHIS Patented May la, 1800Patented August 17,INK.eadMS BROADWA T TMcI.-Jt-'.gtelto he construed as granting th* right to plant oysters up- npon b j the true men of the country. As theJOBS WKSLBY, son of N. W . Badeau, in the 10th year of his age.COBNB, BUKTONR. IHVRBTRD HAI_a, KM,A ROOD jointsaadalldiseasesofthefeeteuroswftho-tr>alam ineoBveatoaee to the patient, by Dr. ZiCHARII. feu-gamon any aataral bed of oysters.Os motion of Mr Fmxo, (rep.) the Chair wan authorisedto appoint a committee with power to send for persons andpaperstoinquireintotheactaoftheNew YorkEx ewe OeenssiBsionere, and why no more than 351 hcensos were granted by them last year.Th* Mil to toil railroad freight was ordered to a third leading by 16 to 11, after being amended s o a s to exempt the Oswego and Syracuse and Watertown and Rome rail' reads. Tne bill now only applies to th* Central and Erie roadsanatheirbranches.The bill making appropriations for the speedy comple- tion of th* canals was ordered to a third reading.i»ijr.ALSAXT, Feb. 16, I860. To-day mth* day sat apart by rule for considerationof the general orders of business, a s each d a y not thus s e t apart is divided under thirteen beads. Of these No. 11federal government wasestablished upon principlesofJustice, fraternity and compromise among all the States,they desire to revive in the hearts of the people thatancient spirit of patriotism and good fellowship whichgavebirthtotheUnion andtotheconstitution. Theygive no countenance to the threats of the disunionists oftheSouth,nortothefanaticismofthesectionalismoftheNorth, ttiey believe that between these extremes, which M a s s a c h u s e t t s S h o e m a k e r s o n a S t r i k e . been at our own expense, without reward, or the promise street, this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, without leas: evidences of the tact may be men by all who will call at on each side have aroused the worst prejudices of men, Bosrox, Feb. 18,1860. of reward, from any living person. We defy the Tribune, further notice. 101 Franklinstreet. Hew York.and called forth the most dangerous action in the country, The Shoemakers In Lynn, Natick, Haverhill, Marble- the pus/, the Am, or any gentleman, either in New York BABR.—On W ednesday, Feb. 16, ANNA HBKMTNB, daugh- DO YOU WART WBISKERg OR MUBTACBRSr— that there to a middle and national ground, on which head and other towns, have been holding meetings pre- or elsewhere, to produce the first particle of evidence that ter of Carsten and Anna Babr, aged 2 year* and 11 If you do, and your beard won't grow, um say Onguent,la unfinished business of the general orders; No. 12, spe- of a great national coniederscy. They are for theCARSON- —On Thursday, Feb. 16, Mrs. MARGARET CARSON,STRAMRR MTJMBBR OUT TO-BAY. 8TRA1IJBR MUtTBIR OUT TO DAT. STBAMBR HUMBRR OUT TO-DAY.ctsl osiers of the day, and No. 18, general orders of the stay. Th* Pro Rate bill has never been considered under the head of general orders, but has been considered la Committee of the Whole under the head special ordersSJf the day. When the order of business No. 13 (being general orders of the day) wsa announced, the order No. 11 (being unfinished business) was first read from theconstitution as it is, for the Union ss It ts waa framed by our fathers, for all the constitutional rights of the States, as States, and for the restoration of peace among the whole American people. They are opposed to the republican party, because It is a party of one leading idea, and that idea sectional at the North, and moat offensive to fifteen States of the South, and because had there been such a party in 1776 and 1787, when the Declaration o f Independence w a s framed, a n d the constitution of the United States adopted, theage.The friends and acquaintances of the family are InvitedBRST SPANISH H1WBPAPRR. BIST SPANISH NBW8PAPIR. BRST SPANISH HKW8PAPRR.dark's desk. Among the bills included under this head Union could never have been established. They are waa the Pro Rate bill, which b a d never been cmsidered opposed t o t h e democratic party, because, abandon- the of general business. Upon the title of ing the spirit of Us ancient founder, it has broughtare favorable for the other.T h e N o v a S c o t i a T e l e g r a p h L i n e . HALIFAX, N. S., Feb. 16,1860.The adjourned meeting of the Nova Scotia Telegraph Company was held in this city yesterday, but the feeling among the shareholders was so nearly unanimous against the misrule of the late foreign news speculating Board ofNonewspaper attack, no slander, no foul publication, (.KRATV.—On Thursday, Feb. 16, of croup, THOMAS H., HOUSEKEEPERS, HOTEL PROPRIETORS ANDwill change our course in the publication of the White and infant son of Thomas H. and Mary C Geraty. others —Before buying silver plated Ware, table Cutlerythe bill being read by the Clerk, Mr. FLAGLEB (rep.) hat it be taken up.Mr. Btmutrrr (rep.) raised the point of order that the Dili was not In order or in its place.The Krejucmt decided the point of order not well taken, and under thai ruling th* House resumed the considersUm of th* bill.the patronage of the government into conflict with the freedom of elections, used im power against the rights of the people, misappropriated the public money, and scattered a firebrand over two-thirds of the Union, by re- pealing a measure of compromise, which for more than thirty years was a peace offering between the North and the South. They feel, therefore, that an imperative ne-Black l i s t We are willing to b* tried by the record. If any person knows anything that can injure us in the esti- mUien of gentlemen, we s a y publish it without delay. We are anxious to see i tWe profess to be governed In this matter by principle,The frif n<is and acquaintances of the family are invited Refrigerators. Tea Traya and housekeeping Articles call atST A TECONVENTIONS.m Coare nsjCaWWWQa.BnreBAMTO*, Feh. 16,1860. National Organisation,by their chair- of New York, reported the followThe proceedings show that Hunter stock has advanced,atExecutive CommitteeAsuch than s s m a y b e named b y tinsThe Democratic State Convention waa held hare to-day.Wm. 8prague was nominated tor Governor; J. RosselBullock rorLieutenantGovernor,and Walter & Burgefor Attorney General. EHsna B. Potter, Alfred Anthony,Geo. H. Browne, Edward F . Newton, John N. Francis,Femar Browne, Charles 8. Bradley, and Welcome Br their friends and who wore their enemies. W e regard Sayleawere elected delegates to the Charleston ConvenInvelo-a, enai-1 - I o t t C Clark. 2—RosweilGraves. 4—BenedictSears 6—Wm.B.McDonald. 6-E. J. Brawn,7-A, M. C Smith. S—HiramKetchum. 9—J T. Headlev.18—Abel Smith. 19—AddisonM.Smith. 20—TL.Bsxasn. 21—DavidMatthews. 22—Wm. oakes 23—Oscar Paddoak Si—B.DavisNoxon. 26—Wm. Feagate. 20—0*0. L. Whitney. 27—Chas. E. Hardy. 28—Hario Hakes. 20—Geo. R. Brand. 80—Wm.T.Robertson. 31—SamuelJ.Weeks. 32—Geo.R.Babcock. 33-L. L.Pratt_KewTork.94 H-DOUBUt BOL_ W A1 atJONHS' 10-adLtAna* M.B.-€*_a_tae*t10— Samuel J. Wtlkias.large, eleven towns out of the thirty two not being repre-sented. Mr. Sprague was nominated for Governor, J. luted organisation known as the black republican party; N. Y., by the Rer. T. J. Evans, AnxnuB J. AMWOLD, ofFOB I B STAOIAT LABOB. Washington Hunt.C B . FTeeman.As an editor of a Southern journal professing to repre- sent and uphold t h e institutions o f that section, w e deemed it a duty, as well as a privilege, to inform the mer- chants of and people generally of t h e South who wereandef8 A^TRResolved, That the delegates hare power to appoint their several substitutes.ADDRESSOFTHEBALANCEOFPOWERAMERICANS. The Committee o a Address a n d Resolutions submittedthe following report, which was unanimously adopted:— The independent American electors of New York hav- ing demonstrated a t t h e recent November election thatthey hold the balance of power in the State, by supporting and electing the State officers nominated at Ctica in t h e previous September, deem ihe present a proper opportu- nity to reaffirm the wisdom and justice of the position then taken lor the first time in the political history of the country, and crowned wtih the most abundant success.our merchants and tradesmen from encouraging or aiding CARMDITRR—wjrwnr.—OB Tuesday, Feb. 14, at the Metho- elsewhere, that belonged to, or sympathized in any man-gumsiad lips. For sale lat RTJSHTON'8, who tali, Broadway, corner Canal street, aad BaroiayAPBOPOSTTION TO NKWBPAPBB PITB_ISHKR8 DB.-UvDWATAOO.,ofthecityofHe*Yorkbegte submit the foUoi topublishers of newspapers throughout UM TJn States and Brit-b Provinces of Worth America, to wit.Topaytheaw*of teacentsperlineparannumforthepub- lication of their advertisements of Badway's Beady Relief. Regulating Pills and Renovating Resolvent, In alt newspaper* whose weekly Issues will average throughout tb* year from 600 to 1,000 copies, <be sum offifteencents per line per annum's Public necessity and private duty, in the present condition of the country. demand that this policy should not nowdestruction of slavery and the subjugation of the South.Thepeopleoft\\:Southdemandtoknowwhothese onMonday,Fab.13,byRev.Or.Chapln,WALTERFILLER forpapersissuing1,200to2,000copies,andthemooftwentywrongs and outrages upon the people and upon the States, whether imposed in the form of federal laws orfraudulentconstitutionsuponth*oneside,oron the other by State invasions, sympathy with those who commit treason, or by teaching any doctrines of a necessary " Irrepressible conflict'' among brethren or the same Union, or in States bound together by the strongest ties of interest, which ought to be held together by the holiest bonds of affection, and which, till now, have been esteemed equally loyal membersboot manufacturing towns throughout Massachusetts. the matter. If any gentleman in New York canVVW YORK HERALD, IUD1T, PEBRT/1RT H, 18M.Organization resorted General Bfawrt A. gawayof Mali.U W a g l SB;», $T H . Corn a rj Itflsw, T * . WbJskeyduUat26c.at4>ic.Feb. 16,1860. oa New York law par coat jforiCraowATi, Feb. 16,18 ,oedhctupo.lheflnur_•f the Delaware Stat* tv*. "r ..Taehwr,of ekafc saber U*, •eppueaaan, farPresident, and t h * usual sjasaBBf * f Tics Preti-rfc*,W<Trwtaaee • • I asatjinilinsefrOMa^AakkmSd BMbrMAMBJCHIVXBSAXW i g * L_»mhtereadJ '^'"•• street, thh fT^l^ftaraaaa. at haft-past sai"'The n _ b e r e of F r s n _ Chapter MaTi.o. U A.,' H___f9__ _ J t t_Mrit* TtmfwWk M_T_W_P 4 _ f 6r~-___rl -K-hdl * — a t' possibly alldtffiiremw m a yb ehealed.OawsrgIA prevsUiM* Abouteight hundreddelegates anis densely crowded. ,Nothing of great importenoe occurred during the eve-ning session.Soma confusion exists, but general good honor pre-vails. TheConventionisnowtakingavotebycountiestoad-mit as delegates all the democrats now here from the counties not otherwtoB rspsasntod. which ttwMssdsaf GovernorWisefavorandthoseofSeaatorHuntoroppose.Itishardlyprobablethatthevotewillhadecidedbe- fore one o'c«ek, and it is impossible to say now how it willterminali.The Mends of the two parties consider it a test question as to their relative strength in the Convention.*In your ceo* of the 16th Inst, I notice an artiole reflect-ing upon myself, saEw>tsantaxiBtaE^aofa8t>athern Tou my that your artidte tetetesd apoaoarred from the abating PostPost is an abolition incendiary sewer through which t h * refusedregsorthe xYflmneofficearechangedfromprose Intopoetry.Andinanotherrespect(tisnotunlikeitsgreat prototype,by nomeans incapableofanyactof tommy, csiumnyiand detraction. We repel the foul, slanderous and lying insinuations of any journal or of any source thatPaovmajrcB, Feb. 16,1860. AStateConventionwasheldhere to-day of eonserva lives opposed to the republican nominations, it was noealfRIKEB. H . wife of George Griffiths, in the 29th year of The amendment providing for a pro rata division or cessity now exists for the union of all right minded men. Managers, that these geutlemen and their few friends course. W e intend to publish the name of any firm or her age.the frasght tariff what* tee freight is carried over more than on* read was agreed to.Mr. Bissau (repT) m*ved to strike out lb* clause ex- empting milk, garden vegetabtea and fruit from th* ope-and upon the broad national basis laid down by Henry Clay in I860, and to a crisis of public affairs not unlike ths present, when he declared himself in favor of "the Union, the constitution and the enforcement of the laws."deemed it unwise to attempt to throw obstacles in the way of the reform which had been inaugurated by the new Board. The press and the commercial public may now rest assured that the rule of "first come first served" will beany member of it that has been, or is at this time, connect ed with the black republican party In the fanatical and anti-slavery churches of Beecher and Cneever. We know that the Southern people will not patronise a.class of men who are so bestial and traitorous to the constitution asThe friends and relatives of the family are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral, on Saturday afternoon, at one o'clock, from her late residence. No. 864 First avenue.GALLAGHER—On Wednesday, Feb. IS, of whooping cough, MAKY, daughter of John and Catharine Gliallagher,ioftheactPALMS*(rep.)spokeagates* th*amendment He wordsofWashington'sFarewellAddress,"constitutesuspaay. ThearrangementsoftheAssociatedPressatHali- those composing the back republican party, orwho aged2yiais,2monthsandfivedays.i the whoie principle of the bill unjust, destruc- ateabia, and as such would resist as i its application to his constituent*.s withdrawn.Mr- HOSBMS (rep.) spoke at length in favor of the general prtertptes of the bill and against the policy of the railroads.one people "—the bitter sectional strifes witnessed in the Congress of the United States for nearly three months past, the loug absolute obstruction o f t h e public business among the representatives of the people, the open incul- cation of sentiments of sectional hatred and threats of sectional power, the frequent sentiments from the 'South of disaffection towards the government and of defiance ofworship at the fiendish shrine of Beecher and Cheever. Firms holding such inimical sentiments to Southern inter- ests must not expect Southern support, and the Southern people say they shall not bavept. The question then is, who are white and who are black.JAMES A. HAMBLETON. Editor of The Confederacy, Atlanta, Ga.MANHATTAN HOTKL. Feb. 15,1800.Jersey City News.THSCASKor MR. MABOOR.—After two days'trial, Theo-dore G. Maroon has been honorably discharged of the accusation made against him, which was, it appears, with- outashadowoffoundation.CourtCalendar—ThisDaw.ST/PREMK COTST—CIRCUIT.—Part 1.— Court of Oyer andThe relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from 314 Madison street.Hi;-my —In this city, on Wednesday, Feb. 16, MARGA- RETHfMi-HY, in the 68th year of her age.Her relatives and friends, and those of ber eons in-law.On motion of Mr. BCVGHAM, frep.) those portions of the its power, the necessity of protecting private rights and given out which giv* th e right of action for of preserving <be public interests over every portion of images against any director, agent, officer or our common country—demand at this time the abandon-rvant for the violation of the law, which makes s direct ment of all measures, the purpose or tendency oi whichl apt, JohnC. Hagedornand Aionxo Hampton, are respect-fully invited to attend the funeral service, this (Friday) often removlnr In a few days every veatijre of these loathsomeor Indirect violation of the law a misdemeanor, and which molds a corporation respoasibie for any violation of thelaw by any employ*.is to cause sectional disturbances,or " to alienate one portion of the Union from the rest" 'KENNEDY.—On Wednesday evening, Feb 15, HENRY ataftBroadway,K.Y.,andbyalldingg-te. KENNEDY, a native of the parish of Inver, county of Done-Motions are pending to exempt from the law the Long WandandSackett'sHarborRailroads.I t e m s .BoffroN, Feb. 16, I860.gal), Ireland, aged 40 years.Bis friends and acquaintances, and the confraternity ofthe Holy Cross Transfiguration church, are respectfully invitedtoattendhi.funeral,this,Fridayafternoon,attwo o'clock, from bis late residence, No. 217 Hester street.LoTKWOon.—InWilliamsburg,athalf-pasttwoo'clock on Thursday morning, Feb. 16, of measles, SETS ROBINSPROGRESS TRR8CS ROTJTJVM.QURRU'8 COD LITER OIL JKLLT, Pataatad Aagw!99,1869,Istheonlyremedy for aama-mdoa sad all coughs. It is twiee more effloaeloas tkaa the btuid «tLQURRU'8JELLIFIEDCASTOROIL,(jSHntlQ To be bad of thetoventor,199Foarte avenue, and ae nTne 8r*AxxB favored striking out the Long Island Rail-JohnHaskins wasinstantly killed ontheFltchburg Railroad, near Groton, last night, and five others severelyself a Iccajgtrade. to become, as far as in us lies, watchmen over the domes- Mr Cooraa'a motion to exempt the Long Island Railroad tic tranquility of our portion of the American heritage, a s waa adopted. part and parcel of the great national Union party of theing home on the track when the train ran into them. Counterfeit fives, well executed, on tne Rockland BankTerminer. Part 3— Nos. 2637, 3387, 6430>i, 2636, 1948, LOCKWOODson of John W. and Harriet L. Lockwood, aged table druggists PEHFOLD, PARKER A ROWRR, It 3063, 2466, 2696, 2607,1636,1400,1402, 3070, 2913,1566, 1 year, 10 months and 16 days.p r m a p t e f m M h f t T ^ " *»*«*»»*»*»"« t i o n ._* "ZZT^&J**"*—«•**&*»**7,W*h TheDemocraticStateConventionassembledhereto-day,tost, and the final vote on ordering it to a third reading a tobetake-onMmfollowingWednesday, atirPipTh*wantofthat'<unityofgovernment"which,tothe rigidlyenforcedatalltheofficesoftheNovaScotiaComfax are now, as at all times, such a s to insure the prompt- est delivery of news from the European steamers; and the public may feel reasonably sure that they will conti- nue for the future as for the past ten years to be supplied with the earliest intelligence from Europe from this point, ss well as from all others, through their arrangements.R a c e s a t A u g u s t a .AcorsTA, Ga., Feb. 16,1860.In the race here to day between Congaree and Fanny Washington,theformer won. Both heats were closely contested.M a s s a c h u s e t t sAs American citizens, therefore, having "no friends torewardnorenemiestopuniBb," wepropose,toviewofthe importance of the present political year, and in viewroad,asitdidnotcompeteforthroughfreights,butbad ofthepresentdistractedconditionofthecountryatlarge, injured. Thepartyhadbeencuttingice,andwerewant-of Boxbury, are in circulation, Mr.CAUJCOTmovedasanamendment,thatthelawWholecountry.OurdesireistorestorepeaceoncemorefaWehadathicksnowstormto-day.1569,2808,2507,1272,1806,3040,1892,2697,2636,3082,ThefuneralwilltakeplacefromtheresidenceofhisOUSHTOHS 1357,8023,2869,1074,2387,2420, 2926, 2681, 2298,2853, parents, corner of First and South Ninth streets, Williams,2364. burg, at one o'clock this (Friday) afternoon. The rela-ScrmuoBCOURT.—Part1—Nog. 13,43,677,276, 683, tivesandfriendsofthefamilyareinvitedtoattend.take effect as soon s s similar acts are passed in Pennsyl- to the government, and prosperity and happiness among vania. Mary land and Canada. the people. "Power is always stealing from the many loMr.Mainsdenouncedthe amendmentas filibustering. thefew;'*andinajustcansenoon*manevenIsweakor Annual Statement of Marine DisastersMrCoonotrepelledtheInsinuation. Hechargedthat powerlessforgood. ThecompletetriumphofeightoutCOD LIYRR OIL FOR CONSUMPTIONof nine of the present New York Same officers, a fewmonths since, under the most discouraging and in-auspicious circumstances, is proof of what can be donepling her commerce for the benefit of those rival In the future. We, therefore, invoke the aid and co-ope- vessels to be f 1.020,100, an Increase upon the losses of rationnowofallwhoareforunityinthegovernment,for 1868of$£87,868. Thetotallossoflifein1859was106,the agents of the Grand Trunk and Central Pennsylvania roads were here now, and had been here some tune, In- boring to induce New York to stultify herseli by crip-The annual statement of marine disasters ton the laxes for the year 1869 shows the total loss by steam and sailREED'S LONDON CORDIAL GIH 18 CONSIDERED A stimulant of great value, oh account of i n purity aad nourishing properties.routes.ThisshouldawakenNewYorktothedangerouspescewiththepeople,forconfidenceInbusiness,forobe-betogadecreaseof17fromthepreviousyear. character of the proposed legislation. He deemed this dience to laws, for saving our great interests of sgriculTtte friends and relatives of the family are respectfully Headquarters 118 East Twenty ninth street. New York. 2042,2043,2297,2670,2706,2741,1713. Part2—Sameas invitedtoattendherfuneralthis(Friday)afternoon,atsasendmenteminentlyjustandproper. Mr.CAUJCOTsustainedtheamendment.Before taking the question the assembly took a recessture,commerce,manufacture andtrade,fromrescuing ourpublicdomainfromthehandsofthespeculators,and spoilers of all, indeed, of the seventy or eighty thousand c i t i z e n s l a t h i s g r e a t S t a t e , w h o d e s i r e t o b e c o n s i d e r e d ,The Almaden tguleksllver Mine Case. NawORLBANS.Feb. 16,1860.MOORS—Inthis city, on Wednesdsy afternoon, Feb. 16, HENRYMOORE.Inthe63dyearofhisage.Therelativesandfriendsofthefamilyareinvitedtoat- tend the funeral services, from the Seventeenth street M E. C h u r c h , b e t w e e n F i r s t a n d S e c o n d a v e n u e s , o n F r i d a y afternoon,at three o'clock, without further notice. His remainswillbetakentoRyeforinterment,onSaturday, in the nine A. M. New Haven train, from Twenty-seventh street station. There will be services at the chapel in thevaasisgforandsupplytagsubscriberswuhthemoatmag alflcentandthecheapestworkeverproduced,viz:CABEELL'S ILLUSTRATED FAMILY BIBLR,Which is published—32 pages, large quarto—a 16 centa. Far t e r m s t o c a n v a s s i n g a g e n t s a p p l y t oCA8SRLL, PETTER A OALPIN. 57ParkIQW.HewYork.STORKS FITTED UP IH THE BRST STYLR AHD AM low price*, by CLARK A GRIFFIN, *Tf Hudson streettill 7 P. M.The Select Committee on the charges made by the at this cr»is of our public affairs, ss " minute men in the in favor of the United States.Speaker against a.member of the House, areMessrs. Jeaues, 0 . Allen, Robinson, Collins and Fulton.EVENING SESSION'.The Assembly reassembled at seven P. M.Mr. TPCKEB brought in a bill authorising the Corpora- tion of New York to raise b y loan from time to time one million at dollars by th* tews of Croton water stock,at atx par cent Interest, redeemable in twenty to thirty yenis, the money to apply to the increase of the supply of water,andextend the necessary works.AMsabilltorepealtheactcreatingtheCommissioners Pi Records.Also a bill to amend the act authorizing the taking of additional landstortheCentral Park, NewYork. It merely alters the name of th* fund to the Central Park Fund.The bill to regulate the sale of fruit In the city of New York was recommitted.Mr. VAS Hoax reported a bill to aboiieh capital punishMr. P i n - prassalsd s memorial from the Catteraagnsgreat reserve ofmillions," andwhobelievethatthere may be a time, and that this is that precise time, when the claims of one's country become stronger than all the obligations of party.In the sole desire that those who think alike on some of the great queatxuis of public policy which underlie the foundation or the government should now act together, and seeing strength in union and victory in united action, we are ready, ior the time, to forego all peculiar forms offaith,Inorderthatwe mavcome togetheruponthe broad national platform of the Union, the constitution, and the ecforcement of the lawsIfeveragain,InheartaswellasInname,weshallin- deed become a united people, united in maintaining all the compromises of the constitution, in opposing at the ballot box all sectional men and doctrines, in securing the rights of the people, by maintaining the just equality of •he States, and In frowning upon all treason as well as drowning all traitors—then, as Americans, as wbigs, as republicans and a s democrats we shall tie ready, if need be, one* more to put oa our party armor and contend forN e w s f r o m N a s s a u .CHARUSII-'JN, Feb. 16,1860.An arrival at this port brings the Nassau Guardian of the 8th iDSt.The Legislature bad opened with imposing ceremonies. General Pierce and his wife and other Americans were presentArrest for Abducting Free Negroes. AUGUSTA,Ga.,Fen.16,1860.Andrew Rogers, hailing from Helena, Arkansas, waa arrested here to day, on the charge of abducting free ne- groes andselling them intoslavery. Subsequentlyhe was conveyed to Macon for trial, in charge of police- men.T h e P o p u l a t i o n o f K a n a s .ST. LOUIS, Feb. 15. 1860.According to the official returns or the Assessors, the population of Kansas Territory ts 69,960.fM a r k e t s . PHILADELPHIA 8TOCE BOABD.PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 16,1860. Stocks inactive. Pennsylvania 5's, M%; Reading Rail- road, MX; MorriB Canal, t\\: Long Island Railroad, 11X; Pennsylvania Railroad, 38?». Sight exchange onNEW ORLXANB, Feb. 16,1860. 0.500 bales, a t easier b u t n o t quotably tower prices. Sugar quiet at 6&c. a 7lie. for fair to fully fair. Molasses, 80c. a 41c. Flour very dullOfficial D r a w i n g o f Hodges, Davla & Cemetery.Indians,praytegtoralawtopreventandpunishthesale anypeculiarfaithordoctrines,notsectionalintheircha- •f liquor io Indiana of th* Reservatwn.Stager's Sewing Mat-nines, tor Families,__lom, -ud all manufacturing purposes, are unequalled. Theyarecapableofdoingmorework,andofoarningmoremoney, ral,fromtheresidenceofherparents, No.86 ChrystieCONTENTS F O R THIS WKHK. THE SHILLING SIDE OF BROADWAY THEfeHTLLlKGSIDE OF BROADWAY THR8BILLIHOSIDROFBROADWAY.OLD SPORTS OF HRW YORK, BY TOM QUICK. OLD SPORTS OF KBW YORK, BT TOM QUICK. OLDSPORTSOFHEWYORK.,BTTOMQUICK.SKETCHES FROM A GRRXH ROOM. SKETCHES FROM A GRKRN ROOM. 8KETCHkS FROM A ORERH BOOM.THKATRR8 AHD THEATRICAL PEOPLE. THEATRES AND THEATRICAL J-KOPLE THEATRES AHD THEATRICAL PEOPLEJAMES PIPES, OF PIPISYILI.R—HIS MEDLEY. JAMkS PIPES, OF P1PBSVILLE—HIS MKDLKT JAMES PIPES. OF P1PRSYILLB—HIS MEDLEY. MIRROR OF THK WEEK.MIRROR OF THE WEEK MIRROROfTHEWEEK. QUEKH8 OF BOHEMIA. QTTEEN8 OF BOHEMIA. QUEERS OF BOHEMIA. ART AHD ABTISTA ART Al-D ARTISTS.ART AND ARTISTS DRRfS AHD FASHION. DRESS AHD FA-BION. DRESS AHD FASHION. CHOICE POEMS.CHOICEPOEMSCHOICB POEMS. And a variety of latrirating Edltonala, 1Washington,Ac,combiningmore stemtnlsTheCsaxamwssoftheWholethenresumedtheoonside- racter,forwhichtotimespastwehavebeenready"todoThe !rionds and relatives sre invited to attend the fune-nttoa of the Pro Bate MILThe question pending « u Mr. Cnltaot s amendment Mr. Paunm spoke to tavor of th* amendment, on thethan an; macbiae in market. The madly atlMaad $76, are attraottns universal attenUon.I. M. SINGKB A CO 468 Broadway, M. T.,1*0 Fulton street, Brooklyn.The State Central Committee was then appointed by the had pledges that Pennsylvania, Maryland and Canada Convention, and measures were adopted for a thorough or-pound that the friends of the bill had asserted that theywwdd^apgy the Pre Rata bill as soon as it was enacted in Adjourned.Mr. R 8. KXLSXT thought New York should take th*leadtothMreform,andnotwaitforotherStatestodoso. Tit* Virginia Democratic Stat* Conven-battle. TBI when, th* whole constitution is our platform— the whole country our field of labor—and the whole Union the first object in our affections.street, this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock. RIRC.GOID.—In this city, on Tuesday, Feb. 14, after a brief illness, WILLIAM RINGGOLD, husband of Jane Ring-gold, in the 63d year of his age.The friends and acquaintances of the family are res-Herring's Patent Champion Fir*and burglar proof Safes. 3H Broadway, earner of Murray afternoon, at hah* past one o'clock, from his late realganisation throughout the State.pectfully invited to attend the funeral, this (Friday)at 04 60 for superfine. Corn firm at 72>£c. a 76c. Mess thecommitteethenramandreportedprogress. RicHMo.yp,Va.,Feb.16,I860. porkquiet Whiskey,34c. CottonfreightstoLiverpool, roadway. ______^___________Tt*jEkna* theelagreecIte adjourn over from to-morrow ftattl Thursday, the 23d test.Tb* market closed quiet MCBILS,Feb. 10,1860.Oa motion of Mr. Law the bill authorizing the laytox ofThere was much confusion in the subsequent proordared lo a third reading.Th* bill to repeal certain sorttons of th* OMMSBBMRKBoard law, so as to transfer patronage from that Board to the Canal Board, was ordered to a third reading.Alter oppcattton by Mr. CALUCOTI,th* Msw YorkTax l*vy bill was taken up.Mr. Govxnx moved as aa amendment, to mend* a pro-l**\5L"*J?*""*1* •«*«**••-» »•»» forceof hew Ysrk as lavs not sstognsd their claims to tea ore-He supported theand reportedmwa awansimvanasjajgr^g byMiaws.Davsy^tWTiAppolatnaesiu by the Gov. KOTAJuns r n t i c .EX-Cmreoce L Tan Zaadt. wost,QeorgeTvrwilaswr,Hearr H. Haetot Baaessi w Oorntag, Chartes H Kitohall, Atooa P . Mmxa,^aVy «.' "—«-d. Nathaniel B. aVxto. BaBJsmr,-iPares,Qeeattentttirsm.PnihpF.a, ItstejaM B. 1A*, tes»« c7ltoa, LGod B a a , W l U a u n P . R t o h a r d a n e , N a t h a n i e l P . S n e e r s . O t i c a s s T. Haws, John Drake, James R ^ a t e g , c E ? A . l££th* OstnmKto* on Credentials.After a stormy debate It was decided by a large Eta-jonty that the Secretary call th* roll by counties, andfeebna.AUGUSTA,Feb. 16,1860. Cotton quiet but firm: sales to day 600 bales.ArorsTA, Feb. 15, I860. Cotton—Sales to-day 2.000 bales, at s deel ne o f V e. o n the fair and middling qualities, and hie. on the lowerParticulars of funeral to-morrow.Semi ons d- Co.'* Braxlllan Pebble 8BLTAH—AtSavannah,Ga.,oaTuesday,Febl. 14, Mrs.IwiUseB,PROYRD g f AKDARD 8CAL1BAHDSAPRS « (manyofwMehare nam far ULLtErn T. Calland as-sf HOWS'- itfand teopDrarially organized b y the choice of Mr. Payne, of Fauquier, Chairman, which la a triumph for the friend* of Henry A Wise.lOJgc for middling.Cotton—Sales to-day 3,000 bales, at lO^c. s lOf.c. for proof Awning Maker. Is to be found at 101 Bowery. Priam JAMB SMITH, of Oxford, England, in the (2d year of his rpHIRTY FIVE BlfOMMKhere report their names and he permittedto take8 t o d a r tP i a n o s .' J ^ _The call of the roll the* proceeded amid great eoafa- ..no Subsequently the death of Rush Floyd was an- nounced,Whenth*Conventionadjournedtill4P.M.On reassembling, resolutions of respect to the memory of B. R- Floyd were adopted, and eloquent eulogies pro- aouaced apoa his itfosnd character.'T^ ' SAVANNAH,Feb.If, I860. Cotton dull: sates to-day 060 bales.SAVANNAH, Feb. 16, 1800. Cotton depressed: sales to-dsy 3,100 bales, the marketBatchelor's Hair Dyeing Rstab removed u 16 Bond street. PnnSe entrsaes "Mrs. W i n s l o w ' a s o o t h I n g S y r u p . MTLUOMB OF BOTTLBS are cow usederery year iarj-Reamate*forchildrenteetlang wdsneverfalnngmea Beher immediate and cerUwn. U-lrKcenia a bottle.A despateh waa then read from th* Connecticut Demo- closine with a downward tendency. Tne sales of theWarr.NET On Thursday morning, Feb. 16, A n _ _ •old by all drncfWte 31 state p* b-t-e.cratic State Convention at Hartford, embracing the fol- lowingresolution—•stotoskThatthsdemocracyofConneotteutsandstoTto-Wgteia fraternal retards, emveatoTC^mteatoa fcU^fcns^-asmmmriiB^^^ ^^toeaboimoa la-* i a * ' CHARLESTON, Feb. I f , ISO*. 1 600 balesWHITE.—ittiheresidenceofhisparents,Union,M.J., fremmmofgreat•»»£*•*£*££« onWednesdaymorning,Feb.16,A.RamWans,aged Thosewhok.vebam ^^"iTM'mtwith f^m-SAhttiAai ma-ma aaf 1r-JWttr -l l 0 W un»Cotton—Salestodaystreet, New York.1,000 Portraits Taken Dally. !94 Photo- 8_pht 81; twelve at a sluing at HOLMES' double camera, 315deuce, No 24 Thompson street.Baltimorepapersplease copy.STRONG —In this city, on Wednesday, Feb. 16, CORNBUAA. B., daughter ot the late Henry Hollenbeck, and wife of J.H.Strong,aged22years,0monthsaad8days.Therelativesandfriendsofthefamilyarerespectfully invited to attend her funeral on Sunday afternoon, at two o'clock, from the residence of her mother, No. 193 West Nineteenth street, without further notice.9-16d. Sterlingexchangeunchanged.ABeautiful Complexion.—Laird'sLlqnId Pearl for bsautlfring sad prsssrelng theoomplsima andakin may be tried gram & 436 Broadway.Conservativener whatsoever with that foul organization of Seward and yesterdaytoCharlestonlaaDouglasdelegation,andas- Greeleyf Whetheritwasadutyornot,wehavedoneIt,CAPRI-STRR to Miss AMANDA MALVINA KKWIN,all of this city. OKAS—KELLY.—OnThursday,Feb.16,attheChurchof the Holy Innocents, by the Rer. J. J. FJmendorn",Mr. JOHNJ.OKAS,Jr.,toMissAmu B.KMLLT,ofBrooklyn,Long Island.DaNTRB—GROPXR—On Tuesday, Feb. 14, in S t Mark'schurch, Brooklyn, E. D , by Rev. Samuel M. Hastens, N . HARRISON DR NTSK to ANNK AMBLU, second daughter of Geo. B. Groser.reason alone, therefore, the Court held that he is entitled to recover for the violation of the right conferred on himInvited. We have neither solicited nor received a sub- scription or advertisement since arriving here, nor have wereceived onecent compensation—norhastherebeen promise of compensation—either directly or indirectly, from anysource whatever. What wehavedonehaso'clock, from the M. E. church in Tarrytown. BAKRR—On Thursday morning, Feb. 16, of concussiongeoaa of the etty.bytheconstitution.Thedecisionwasunanimous.ofthebrain,GBORGBH.BARER,aged64years.The friends and relatives are respectfully Invited to at tori'thefuneral, from hislateresidence, 11>»ForsythDR.P.O.BOY'SDROPSYPILL*HAVRJUSTOHTSHZE* the medical faculty, all over the country, by their quick audpermanentcureofdropsy,evenwhentheoaseswerehope-all who love peace, unity and justice in the govern- liminary to a strike for higher wages. The movement is we have offered to bargain to any "black mail," or re- ment of thecountry can stead. They condemn all saidtoembrace operativestoalltheprincipalshoeand ceive compensation for anything we have done Inmonths. which will form themto STOW in forty-two days, and we_*t Thefriendsofthefamilyare respectfullyInvitedtoat- •tainorinjuretheski-. Beatbyman,nonagetree,anywhere tend the funeral, from the residence of her parents, cor Primal, R Q. QRAHA-L 109 Hassanstreet H. T.ontheLakes.BUFFALO, Feb. 16, I860.601.441,607,687,591,693,599,601,607,607H-SrnsnoR COURT.—Part 2—Nos. 278,184, 412, 508,1028,198, 484, 400,124. 310, 326,422, 246,160, 240. COMMONPLKASCOIRT—One hour cases—Part 1—Nos.LA.MIMERKKR.—OnThursdaymorningathalfpasteight o'clock, CLARA, wife of Charles Landmerrer, aged 26 years and 4 months.The Almaden Quicksilver Mine case has been decided1Cotton deeltned >;c.: sales to-dsy 1,600 bales at lOtfc. aSMITH.—OnWednesday,Feb. 16,ofotmsumptioa,Mr. n double railroad track in Brooklyn smdNewtownwsa ceedtogs In regard to th* manner of th* appointment of middling. The market closed with a better and firmer reduced. agewe«kadd up 8.250 bales, and the receipts 13.000hales, against 12,500forthecorresponding week lastyear. Stock 82,500 bales. Sterling exchange—Large sales at 108WHITNEY, IBq., in the 84th year of bis age. Hisfriendsandthoseofhisfamilyareinvitedtoattendthe funeral, at one o'clock, on Monday after-eon, at Tri- nity church, without further notice.WOOD HAH DHnO ORTH KHOWIHO -PROF -MOBIIX, Feb. 16, I860.THE SATURDAY THE SATURDAY THR "RRADT EARLYfiture sales 1,200,000 pounds. Sight exchange on NewYork for gold un-Ml!**** the Public at the North.this day, Friday, at half pest twelve funeral of their tele brother. Jamdelivery, which was freely met by heorder.Cteo.W.B__s-,C. ofC.JOHN D.=^I- m—h^FSis the Boatand sheepeet article for dreewim, bmi uiytag.cleaaalng.eurliag, Cotton—LittleInquiry,sadpnoesweak:salesto-day pressrvtagaudresioriixgthehair. I-dtes;trya.BoldByaDed a remedy for the gray aad baM. -teas I tteableaadcheap: Itrequiresnodyeing.~wig,aer. dtearvtrouble Theremabea*eoawwicy. W e have * W tretm-auals aurCEAELEWKJE,Feb. 18, I860. Cotton-Sale* tedayyOO bales, a t easier but qnotably unchanged prices. Salsa of the weak MOO bales. Re-SSK.—mm-v—- ~.»aw» Flour dufl. Wheat firm: sales of 8,000 barbell whitea t $ 1 4 5 a $ l & 0 .whitesoldat74c.—anadvance. Porkfirm:mess,$18.IVolatlamder** •©m%_r^ra»•* *•*•»«Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Corn-Ftour AID at M 62X a 06 75. WUett s4vanca|. red, rargeHou-e. Untitled DocumentWTOirHO MRH-RUS8KU.- HIKOURRNR PRODUCR3 1 WteskessatdMuiUchcsli.39daya,don'tiP r i m 9 1 , ^ ^ f J r f r R L L A 8 T 0 R 1 * . 1 '45 M a l l * . - * * . R .W y B r e e TM "a cargo ofchoiceTO THE EDITO R OF T I B HERAL D.We came to New York to investigate for ourselves, and to publish to the South those firms who are growing richfrom Southerntrade,andwhoappropriatethe profitsextorted, in many instances, from Southern merchants to buill upa firm has tully sustained the constitution and the rights of the South, we intend to give them the full benefit of the fact, whether they be Northern or Southern men.and all the money in Wall street cannot change ouryesterday.DrawingsofFrantic,Broadbenta&Co.'s Delawarelotteries—SCSSBI Cooirrv—CLASS to, FBBROAXT 16, I860-1 , 7 5 , 1 8 , 3 8 , 4 7 , 2 , 5 4 , 6 6 , 4 . 4 4 , 6 4 , 1 0 .COSSOUDATID LOTTBBT—CLASS 12. FlBBUART 16, 1366. 33, 42,28,14,71,21,60,32, 7,44.20. 59.FRANCK, BBOAUBIriTS A CO., Managera, Wilmington. Delaware,twoo'clock,from120Cedarstreet. SPLENDIDINCOMESARRTOBEMADEBTCAHCo.'a Consolidated Lotteries of Qeergta.OLASS S6A. FKBBDART 16,1060.63, 21. 51, 44. 6, 33, 62, 8, 12. 17, 10, 41, 7. Prizes cashed at 668 Broadway. Circulars sent free.aODOKB, DAVIS i CO., Managers, Macon, Ga. Ladies' Fan, Fashion Hats, ShatluarCaps.-WHITE, Hatter, No. 316 Broadway, opposite St. Paul's eaurch, _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _Clothing Jobbers.Ws bests eall the attention of atotaing Jobbers from South- ern and western dtieste ourextenatve stock of low priced and medium clothing suited to the* t ade, wMeh we are pre- pare-to atari ithe most f_vorabl_ terms and pileDEVLIN. HUD-ON A CO.. 168. 3W and -SO Broad war.O'RRIU.Y —On W ednesday, Feb. 15. JOHN O'RRTLLY, In the 27th year of his age, a native of the county Cavan, Ireland.The friends of the family, and those of his brother Luke, sre requested to attend the funeral, from his late residence, corner ofFlushing avenue and Graham street, Brooklyn,this(Friday)afternoon,attwoo'clock.Cavan papers please copy.PALLK-TKR.—OnWednesdsy morning, Feb. 16, after a lingeringillness,JOHNH.PALLSSTXR,inthe49th yearof his age.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, IrorqfBis late residence, corner of Fifth and Lewis streets.RKJRDKS —On W ednesday, Feb. 15, MARY ANN, daugh- ter of John and Briiget Riorden, aged 1 year, 2 months sod 24 days.t HRSA TURDA Y LEADER,THE SATURDAY LRADRR. THK SATURDAY LEADER THE SA TURDA Y LEADER.Awnings.—Gomperts th* only MildewSole and only depot W9>» Broadway.R. C SKIXAS, widow of Abraham Se^as, aa<t of thelateI).C.Seixas,•t'_*!?"'l,—,y__-„ -.KH<_•lW « - « _ » . - l - J e r - e y C«j% e n ~ ^coasumptk n, CATHARINE WHXELEN, In the 70tn year o f ber 5 J s _ v e of the parish of Ctoqinbrony, county Long-f^Ire_«Tes andfrimdsoflhnftanayarereapeetfuUy tevhed to attend the fnaeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at half past two o'clock, from the residence of her son, 106 Bergen street, comer of Warren,Barry's Tricophedruggist*.Batchelor's Hair D y e , W i g a n ctory Is removed in 16 Bond street- PrivateToupe*for22 years.Bis friend* and the friends of Dr. Barter's family arerequested to attend his funeral this (Friday) afternoon,at two o'clock, at Dr. Barter's residence.WB_na__—On Tuesday, Feb. 14, RACHEL ANN, wife of NicholasWbrimer.aged65yearsand6months.' The relatives aad triaads of the family are respectf uiiy invitedtoattendherfuneral,|tais(Friday)afternoon, at oneo'clock,fromherlateresidence,19Mangisstreet, without further invitation. Her remains will be taken ti C y p r e s s H i l l C e m e t e r y f o r i n t e r m e n tP.lo' 1 . « monS ^ ^ mma_ baldhmd.areteapre-^h.rftnd ^nnatur-irit i a duty loraaaedvthem Byrne aaCristadoro'i Hafr D y e , "Ftf* audi T o u - peee-T-e beet la theworld. whole-Ale andretaU,andIke dyeprivatelyapplied. • asloraWass.firm and scarce:r t g u g w U O ^ a w k l A l l M L G l a a n a T - T 8 1 M M O M 8 A C O . ' S , 6 6 9 ) i B r o a d w a y , u u d e r L aI t » wenThe Supreme Court of Ohio decided the case of AlfredJ. Anderson vs. Thomas Milligen en Tuesday last TheCourt held that persons having a mixture of Africanblood in their veins, the preponderance being white, were,bytheconstitutionof1801,entitledtoexercisetheelec-tive franchise; and that no change having been made inthis respect by the constitution of 1861, the plaintiff hav-ingbutoneeighthofAfrican blood,andhie votehaving incendiary source from which itemanates. Wehavebeen refused at the Presidential election of 1866, for that called upon no concern in this city except when specially invited to att ud the funeral, Saturday morning, at ten <'hiropod_t, 760 Broadway. Before te p-ra-ia_* an* ear-As for the charges of the Tnlmne. the Post, Hun and otherinfamoussheets,whoseonlyobjectistolevy"black mail'' in the publication of the "White and black list," we hurl bark the foul calumny npon the cowardly andD i e d .BADBAI'.—AtTarrytown, N.Y.,onThursday,Feb.16,Principal salesroom office, BARTLRTT A CO., needle mu>i- faeturera,illBroadway,N.T. Agenciesnowgiven.At a large and enthusiastic meeting of workmen held convict us of an effort to black mail, w e say ner of Cliff and Frankfort streets, this (Friday) afternoon, KRKP YOUR|F_RT DRY —TJ8R A. BROWIR'8 COMPO- inLynnlastnightitwasvotedtostrikeonthe23dof publishittotheworld. Wesayfarther,thatwegrant attwoo'clock,withoutfurthernotice. skion. Ho.trFebruary, and a committee of five was appointed to notify the manufacturers to that eflect A committee of twenty-five was chosen to collect money to help carry the strike through, and provision was made for another com- mittee, to consist of one hundred members, to see that the arrangements for the strike are fully carried outFailure of a Shoe Dealer.BOSTON. Feb. 16,1860.Moses Breed, shoe manufacturer, of Lynn, has failed. Liabilities, $76,000.any gentleman in New York the liberty to publish any CHANPIXR.—On Tuesday evening, Feb. 14, after a longand all letters they have, or can get, written by us to them protracted illness, EMMA, wile of George Chandler, in the EYRBYBODY USES DB ORATB'S BLBCTRIC OIL. FOB or their friends upon the subject of the "IVhite and Black 42d year of her age. sale by BABHBS A PARK, IS aud IS Park row. aad «_ l i s t " We defy any firm or party in this city or any-where else to convict us of squinting at "black mail. "We challenge the cowardly scoundrels who seek to as-perceour character, through the loathsome columns ofthe tribune, the dirty Media of the East, or through thecheap channel of the Sun, to an investigation. W e say wife of the late Robert Carson, in the 80th year of herscoundrels, liars, roDbers, cowards and poltroons s s youare, whoever you may be, that charges u s with "blackmall," make the proof, or conceal your skulking faces.Near Jersey Legislature and the Rail, roaaa.to attend ber funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at one The editor of the Tribune is so degraded that he is a o'clock, from her late residence, 237 Sixth street, toPublished 2d, tte, 1U. 17th, 30th and 37th of every me-mPersona having friends ia any of the SPANISH AMRRI CARCOUNTRIESwillfindtheNOTICIOsOtheheatmedia* for aeDdiaa- them a full aad graphic sua-nary of the IKiM^STrC 4ND FOBBlOH NBW8. RRLlABLB MA1KBTRBPORTS. AHD tiURRRHT POLITICAL, PR-SOWAL AHD LRBRARY INTELLIGENCEOffice 34 Ann street. Send for a paper and circular.disgusting libel on the race of which he is a member.Reekicg with thenoxious.odorsofpolitical andincen-diary leprosy and rottenness, that is constantly emanatingfrom his filthy carcase, and who breathes life and formfrom Hoboken to Newark. It Is confidently asserted that into the black republican party, sad pestilence to the coun- law, Patrick Duffy, ace Invited to attend the funeral, on the first named will pass the House, and that the chances try, we leave him to himself—the lowest depth of human Saturday afternoon, at half past one o'clock, from the baseness. residence of his parents, 37 Frankfort streetTRKSTOS, Feb. 16,1860. The Senate has passed the bill to exteud the New Jersey CeLtral Railroad, and another authorizing a new railroadaged 1 year, 6 months and 22 days.The friends of the family, and those of his brother-In-WararooauiOl Broadway.BOWR,3rjePatentWindGuard. Perfect 66 White streetA TDi^rjirTlth --nu>]-te laatructtnsx m wtsgeOOMPAKT, 431 Broadwa,T. h ' sARNOin—ROBRRTB—At Blaureltville, Rockland county.15, bytheRer.RobertTravis,Jr.,SAMX.A.BROOKStoMA-Therelativesandfriendsofthefamilyarerespectfullyto attend the funeral, on Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock, from the residence of bis parents, 93 East Twenty -sixth street.Gxn—rras—In this city, on Thursday, Feb. 16,CATHA-B. D. BASSFOBD'S. Ceoper lnttttute,corner of-Aator piaee. Third and Fourth avenues. The beat aetortmem ia thenar. First d a u goods.r SHINES FORPERRT'S JAPANESE WATER PRCOF POLISH.In spite of snow, rain or salt, SHIRKS ON.Bold everywhere. JAPANESE POLISH CO ,447 Broome street, one door wretof Broadway.YMPORTAHT TO TAILORS AHD OTHERS.A TheOroverABakerSewingMachineCompany havejaW introduced a new and superior Shuttle Mac—me, large aire, high speed, with lata* improvement-. Price $_>. For sate at Ho. 496 Broadway, Hew York, and No. 183 Fulton street, Brooklyn.MOFFAT'S LIFE PILLS AND PHtKHTX HITTERS.-IH cases of Scrofula, Cleer*. Scurvy or Bruptions of the akin, the operation of the lite medicines is truly -»—--ain^afternoon, at four o'clock, from her late residence, No. 106 Twellth street, without further invitation.diseases by their purifying effects en the blood. Bilious a—* liver complaint, fever and age, dyspepsia, piles, aad In shark mostall dnaaasBsoon yield totheircurative properties. Boldt-Wn"*A-M_The friends and acquaintances of the family are respect- dragg-ta. Prim, 36 eta., 60 eta., and 91 per bottle.fully invited to attend the funeral, this (Friday) morning, at ten o'clock, from Devoe street, near Bushwick avenue, Williamsburg.EL HOTICI080—H-W8 AND BTJS1HRK PAPBR L HOT1CIOBO-NBWB AMD BOSIMRB- PAPIft. AL KOTICI080—HRWS AHD BDSIHB88 PAPBRGreenwood Cemetery. PrrrT—JOREFHP.,belovedsonofJamesandAnnDuffy,MaLWdfree of•ammmm ^nwPatented August 34.1868Patented September Z7,1869 fre issue.) Also duly licensed *ndrecognisedby the oombbiaaon—- - •'• • i^---^g—-_-—_——-_._-_—__•_,_______^USEFULINALLFAMXLIH.BEOEMAH A CO ^MHETHR, which removes pans1equal to new. wtthont tm tug-tat tejurr to eokw er fatela!ESS_U*mJ!mbS •s-sew Wadlver-I__n^3es»S^ gatebyallr«tnean. w h l e - W1TOOD tea www.fultonhistory.com 