 m•:cal criminals down from the veiy summit on which stood tbe Senate House and Jove's Temple, emblems of the insitutions which they sought to violate. .It Bymbolizeft how sudden was the fallin those days from t h e i u t m o s t h i g h t o f a m b i t i o n t o i t s p r o f o u n d e s t r u i n . "been their companions; they recognized, the voices been supposed at firfct glance, the cunningl)-wrought It rtt-embled one of those unaccountable cnanges aud wt'icf, a little wh-le ago, had accorded and sang in waxen face and suitably draped figure of a dead monk. iniermingl'Ugs of identity, which so often occur among cadtnee with their o*n. Butthey were familiar voices This image of wax or 'clay-i.old reality, whichever it be personages of a dream. But Kenyon. as beiited no more; they sounded strangely, and, as it were, out the professor of an imaginative art, was endowed with o f t h o d e p t h s o f s p a c e ; e o r e m o t e v ? a a . a U t ^ a 1 , P e r m i g h t b e , l a y o n a t - l i g h t l y e l e v a t e d b i e r , w i t h t h r e e t a l l a n e x c e e d i n g l y q u i c k . s e n s i b i l i t y , w h i c h w a s a p t t o tair ed to tbe past life of these guilty ones, in the" UK?1'*] candles burning on each side,-anot.her tall candle at tne give him intimations of the true state of matters thatAn appropriation of. $5£2,389 20 was asked by the &hool Officers of the Fourth Ward to enable them to erect a school-house in Oliver street. Referred ta C o m m i t t e e On F i n a n c e .A communication 'was received from the School officersoftheThirteenthWard,askinganappropria- tion of $12,500, with which to purchase lots in that•I$39 35:5 48. Balanc* §9,888 84.Tee pKKSin-ENT announced tbe following standingCommittees for th e y ear:Ward'a Uland— Menus. Cumining, Carrigan, Cnrti«, JeDlng-bbuo, and Hunt. - . . ' . . — . _ . » ^ . J,vi.</uc Atylumr-Meotr*. Verplanck, Curtia, LOTW, Camnafog,.and Hunt.Cartu GfrtUn— Me«"x. Pordy, Hunt, and Cnrtia. County Bid*—Me«»n>. Curtis, Cumoiin^s, and H a a t . AvditiiKj—Memr*. Currigau, JellhoguaUD, and Low. Out door Poor—Mr. Puroy.l^nhor— Measrn. Jtf w> JeiHnghwM, and Crabtree. Finance— MeM*r«!.'jLtunt, Low, and Cuitia. Purchatintj—Messrs. l'urdy, Cuitia, axd Commtop.impiesefd with the solemnity of his obsequies. The 8J(ieii>ble difficulty in procuring a suitable office, as ifr shavgy eyebrows gave stcrness to tbe look. would be necessary to have at least three rooms at- Minam pasted between two of the lighted candles, tached, one of which could be used for ledgers. Ho-and htood dote beside tbe bier. had bten offered a suite of rooms over the building, "My God!" murmured she. " What is this 7" used by the People's Line of steamboats at $200 per She. grasped Donalello's band, and at tho same in- anr-um, aDd he aeKed to be advised upon the subject.•zv,W$.JOgW-YORK D!MLY TRIBUNE,•ing in D^natello's bearing to an attachment wbicb bad never been openly avowed, though perhaps plainly enough betrayed. Ho fancied that Miriam did not qu to recognize the limits of the strictest delicacy; he even wemt BOfar as to generalize, aud conclude within himself that this deficiency is a more general failing in woman than in man, the highest refinement being a masculine attribute..J«[ETF PUBLICATIONS. cult to develop ft casual acquaintance into inti- » a e y ; but by some strange quality, she kept peo- HAWTHORNE'S NEW ROMANCE. ple at a distance, without so mucb as letting tnemntemed dreamily to remember fairing on her knees} but, i» her whole recollection of that wild moment, she b« held herself as in. a dim show, and could not well distinguish what was done and suffer* d; no, not even whether she were really an actor and aafferer in thehalf over vet, and how the victory might turn ! And rich curls brushed against bis forehead. She touched •with all Inie fierceTiess, this grimness, this unutterable one of bis folded hands with her finger.horror, there should still be something high, tender, " In is be !" said Miriam. " There is the scar that and holy, in Michael's eyes, and around his mouth. I brow so well, on his brow. And it is no vision; betUya^of the/rcia of t was much admired, <Jolfeg« of Physician. Dr. FRANCIS then length He congrtin' bad been made m roe: or &Hy years He c< cal #todem« now wiselves when, be- wn« study tbcorie?; now institution as that in ' contract of tiieory s.nr ical knowledge was > it had become the repib*l eved that since i years had been adde<j life, by the great adv on the part of medic*tiof inducive science, meht of the Ro> al Co and in *bie be bad re tban waa that of Ari*cal^en were tbe onlj sloce understood thf» onoonr*gtt»g to fee w doing in the world. wae nie duty to eer- receive their educiriodrees he preeented, in vne, diplomas to Ho EMot, Henry Drape: and Honse Sargeon DAddresses were f! EtLiOT, SA TRK, aud was one of marked ir.,;THE PROVISION YORK VA Por months pa«t, iCorn Exchange has thoee wbo have been . ventilation and inade'i entirely utfit for tbe i ^Repeated promises fr•• provemer-ts have resui mg the trade, and pro place. On Monday i. for'officers for tbe ye>.; again aaitjited, aodnn- oommodation, the m*:r resolved tp abandon 'n Merchants' ExchangeIn accord^n^ with provition dealers,' <-.• wbiiky, met for..bu>i the rotunda of the 1 street.Tbe contrast of th« and ventilation, with Exch-uige,.wsa the ' congratulatK n.Tbe hour of 12 havi Merchants' Exchange partake of a cold coif which bemadeaf*:w men to tbe room oc^i heretofore, and prdnaifaccommodate tbe tia«i< He stated t.hat the ><it duced to $15 tbis'je period frcm the pret-en extra chargeR. P . GETTY , e*q,, marss made by Me$ MAW, FLASH. CRCSE, a the me+iiog adjonrn's- semble en and aft^rtranffiction of busiiiei It is understood ih*it i owners, freikht-bixker intend to ioih in this the Corn Excfcanpe beKEW-JR•THR " M A N H A T T A NEWARK.—Y* sterday Fire-Engine Company a visit to Newa» k. the firemen of Kuw nnmbtrs to welcome ket-stieet station, T. charge by the Ka the cdur?e bf tie day hibited at various pe wonted power in tbi water, much to the ad people of Newark, at were emhueiastic in t- <ry. The Manhattans* • " • • " ] THK GRAVE Srxcc Gost agt. Edwafti ICity, for damages in s which was tried othe Jury were nnah e diicharged at 12 p'clo plamtilf and 7 for thoThe New-Jersey C\ veHary a few days ;<g| Jackson presiding.•: have been $1 113. fij Rev. Dr. Pruney S!augbter of Virgii N e w - J e r s e y .PETTT SWIKOLI..>r Jersey Ci*y have bc< delivering bogrij tc-iejFIKE 15 HUDSON SI day nicbt. * fe»e w*».oi- Iaz in h ud O n eer. c< part of wn eo is ocjii.T»>ak«r, BLHCth«» T?ar TO\ dea'er. An aJanawas -if li"ug t|he flaji e» to •ii« $ 5v; DO intirance. Mi a^opt *35«, -which w;.v aaoeathe fire orh»ii>at*.: it<ae work of aa iacenoiaM ARREST OF A DJ^EIB re«i«jrrt ia Jerwy Ci yT ch%-K*d with hiving >j.-i<- *) ip ^ o r t h ' arolm* K fMrnda'in Jersey City.cbums, and petting c6 i s ; He was sect over to tb*-THE N B W | MS. BI new MS. Bible di^c n library of tbe mons.ste^•in St. Petoi.sbuT-g wicl care and ut tbs"cost ofJ Tisrbend ;rf finds ttrojthe first balf of the ftas a means of detei ings, especially ihofo portant than even ibt the new MS. has:i!r controversy, a concox on Prof. TischendoVfijPetersbu'-g Academicijsosatisfaetoiythat:isJ to bis beliof.This MSI is the oidl been preserved in tbi? i r^ban any other excepteuperior in ag'e ana the Vatican lacks rive | Its authority is ;d<>o c< early Fathers, whichwith any other MS. Prof. .TWcbender.f us with Bible documents) as much about tbo e-»body.i Hh» soventh tbe standard. He will with philosophic'fac-jj the originel MS. wil be esteemed throii«<ltional treatrUre for Hi 2>rinccp$ of it a word cenco, and one wbirhi receive with gratefulSvicinss.~A thri \, in Hoboken, N. J., w^•I. JI "••iii "mJtKM M-RBUB FAWN; Or, TH* ROKAXC* OF Moxnt Bx?rr. know that they were excluded from her inner cir- scene.But the battle never was such child's play as Ouido's dapper Archangel seems to have found it." •The story takes its name from a strange traditionof the middle ages, which traces the origin of thehouse of Btni, to the prc-hLatoric times of Italy, teiestof the subsequent narrative takes its origin. Vben deities and demigods appeared familiarly oncould not denj—she was not sure whetber it migit be earth and the sky !" ' | Iso, or no—that a wild joy bad flamed up in her neart, Kenj on no\r looked at Donatello',close to Miriam's side, and suffered her to lead nim up to the bier. Tbe sculptor followed. 'A number of per 01.8, chiefly women, with aeveral children amongi P UBL1C COMMISSIONERSMEETINGS.earth, mingling with its inhabitants as friend withfriend, when nympha and satyrs, and the wholetrain of classic fable openly frequented the primeval-woods. The progenitor of the noble family, though turned. The path ascended "a little and ran alongan unutterable hom>r." And my eyes bade you do it!" repeated she.Thry both leaned over the parapet, and sazed down-both be the better for some deep draughts of tho ihoun- tain bieezes." |eventP, dentb and hiB brown frock and cowl made a sacred image of thiB reverend father.THE DEAD CAPUCHIN. .The dead monk was clad aa when alive, in th$,'By ^ATHAJOW. HAwrnoxat*. J Tok., 12mo. Tioknor StThe scenery and local coloring of this strange andvuMttara) story axe derived from the impression* offee writer daring a long sojourn in Italy; bat the our grasp: we make a *t*V in advance, expecting«b»r»cters witb which he ha« peopled hi8 canvas to seize ihe illuskn, but find it still precisely so far as the powerful sweetness of Miriam's was sadlymwed.cle. " She resembled one of those images of light, which conjurors evoke and cause to shine before us, in apparent tangibility, only an armj length beyondHilda, meanwhile, had separated hen elf from thepculpter, and. turned back to rejoin her friend.' At adistance, she still heard tbe mirth of her lute comoan-ionp, who were going down the 'cityward'''descentot the Capitoline HOI; they had set up a new staveof melody, in which her own soft voice!'-as • well moreover, the nice action of the mind ia set ajar by" For Heaven's sake, Miriam," cried Kenyon, as-aae the geavoo products of his somber imagination, out of our reach. Finally, society began to recog-and in weird and repulsive feature, bear a strong nize the impossibility of getting nearer to Miriam,Jsmily bkeness to many of his previous creations. and gruffly aoqutfsced." The young Italian, g*ntl?T.ieBP pervt-ded all her movements) was quietlythe eternal adamant.THE FAUN'S TRANSFORMATION.The door of the oourtyard swung slowly, and closed itself of its own accord. Miriam aid Donatello were now xlcne there. She c-asped her hands, and looked wildly at tbe young man, whose form seemed to have dilated, and who^o eyes blazed with the fierce energy that had suddenly inspired him. It had kindled him into Hman; it hac developed within him an intelligence which wab no native characteristic of the Donatello whom we have heretofore known. But that simpleand jo\«;n8 creature WHS gone forever." What have you done 1" .said Miriam in a horror- stricken whisper.The yl< w of rage was still lurid on Donafello's face, and row Hashed out again from hie eyes."I. did what ought to be done to a traitor," he replied. " I did what your eyes bade me do, when I ui-ked them with mine, as I held the wretch over the precipice !'any viol-n*- shock as of great misfortune or great crime, so that the liner perceptions may be blurred thenceforth, and the effect be traceable in all tho minutest conduct of life. \' Did you see nnything of- the dear child after yon left na 1" atked Miri-iru, stll»ieepiijg diida asher topic of converse ion; " I missed her s*dly on my way homeward; for nothing insures me such c e'ightful and innocen-. dremns ii have experienced it twenty times) as a talk late in the evening with Jidda.."couriyurd of the Palazzo Curl'areli."•• Impossible!" cried Miriam, s'arting." Then did you not see her again'/" inquired Ken- moment, and was able to form bat' vague images of Tbe bright atd delicate humor, which Mr. Haw-Xn constructing the plot, he has limited himself to a whose resemblance to the Faun of PraxitelesBarrow range; the chief personages of the tal« was the • constant subject of remark, bad,fceing only four in number; aud tba incidents, though on a casual vsit to Roma, been attractedwarpassing the terrible pictures of Mrs. Rddcliffu in by the' rare beauty of Miriam; he had earth.! Then, a silence ! Poor Hilda bod loosed into gloom and terror, depend for their effect on their sought her, fo)lowe«i her, and insisted, with simple tbe conrt.yard, aid saw the whole quick paesdpe of a tiagnlarry curious elaboration, rather than their va- perseve»an« e, onb* iop admitted to her acquaintance; deed, which took but that little lime to grave itself intacle, and leave our readers to take the full " sup ofxiety. The cheerful skies and sunny plains of Italy* a boon which had been granted to his atfectionate "wheTe the scene is placed, present a strong contrast simplicity, when a more artful character would to the lurid atmosphere of the romance, and instead have failed to obtan it. This young man, though •C softening it* dismal tone, on'y bighcen the effect, quite destitute of intellectual brilliancy, had maty fcy presenting a momentary, but delusive relief. agreeable characteristic?, which won him the kindiy With whatever admiration the reader may Tegarda pecudar horror and ugliness, when forced upon thecontemplation of a person so naturally joyous as Don- and profound discussions of aesthetic principle*. atello, who lived with coropletenesH m the present• tbe genius of Mr. Hawthorn*, he will not easily for-give him for throwing the subtle fascinations of hi.»*n around Ruch a horrible expetience as forms tiekey note of the story. He will shrink from toe stantly haunts her with the rtmcmbrance of some •tilling air of the cbarnel-house with, wnish. he is .mysterious cr'me ia her past history, is brought •ppmsed. The smell of blood which perradea the upon the'scene, in the &rin of a "dusky, death-Virgin is.bound to wa'ch over the good child, for the "This awful cbsnt from beneath the church," jiueatjOD of Hilda, we have an exquisite specimen ofsaks of the piety with which she keeps the lamp alight answeied Dotacllo; " it oppresses me; the air IB SOat bf-r shin e. And, bebides, I have always felt taat heavy vrit.h it that I can scarcely draw my breath. a form of character, which, though always rare,Hilda is jost as safe in these .evil soreets of Rome as ALd yonder dead monk ! I feel as if he were lying may be regarded, according to-tbe intention of thenarrative becomes not only unwholesome, but sick- l i n g . Th« flavor of mortality which creeps over foe tenses amid scenes of exquisite beauty, almost stops the breath, and we ask in vain of the goodi apotheeaTy for " an ounce of civet to sweeten the imagination." .8ctnted apparition," ealjihj; forth a terrible dread in Miriam, and in Donatello exciiiog a hatred,vre- sembling the instiuctive unreasoning antipathy of one of the lower animals. Without further expla- natior, fxeept to premise that Hilda and Kenyon are artists residing at Rome, and the most intimate c<-mpar.ions of Miriam, we will introduce our read- ers abruptly to a scene from which the ghastly ia-htrwhit« doves when they fly downward from the tower-top, and run to and fro amj>i>g the homes' feet. There is certainly a providence or purpose for Hilda, i5 for no other haman creature."." I leiigioucly believe it," rejoined the sculptor; " and yei my mind would be easier if I knew thatripbt. across my heart."" Take course !" whispered she again, " .come;we will approach does to the dead monk. The only way, in such cases, is to stare the ugly horror right in the face; never a bide-long glance, nor a hal -look, for thote are what show a frightful"thing in its fnghtfulett aspect. Loan on me. dearest friend! My neart isauthor, as the loveliest type of American woman- hood. The style of tbe work, like everything which Mr. Hawthorne writes, presents an inimitable union of gracefulness and vigor, and exercises such a powerful charm over the reader as almost to aton* for the saturnine spirit and grim features of tbe nar- rative.and half-contemptuous regarc of Miriam, to whom his devotion was without bounds*yon, in some alarm. the fu«Bie."JNrtthere," aaswered Miriam, quietly; "indeed, '• What is the matter, Donatello 7" whispered Mir-I followed pretty closely on tbe heels of the rest of the iam, pcothiigly. " You are quite ia a tremble, myparty.. But do not be alarmed on Hilda's account; the poor friend ! What i» it 7"thorne insinuates, with such wonderful eflecfc, into his dark cynicism, prei-erves a lively human interest even ia his most spectral conceptions. In the de-Not long after the opening of the narrative, the evil genius of Miriam, the human sjKC-er who con-On the left of the Piazza cf the Campidojtlio, as you face cityward, and at the head of the long and stately fiight of steps descending from the Capuoliue Hill to tbe levtl o! lower Rome, there itsa narrow bine or passage. I^to this the party of our frieuda nowden. President VKKPLANCK in tbe chair. M*yor Powell of Brooklyn, an ex-vfficio member, waa pres- ent. From the w,eekly statement it appears that tbo number of emigrants arrived to tho 7th instant was 4 618. To same date last year, 4;079. Number of in- mates in Ward's ItJand, 879. Overdrafj $11,603 16.under the walls of a palace, but soon parsed through a gateway, and terminated in a small paved courtyard. It was bordered by alow parapet.Tbe t>pot, fcr some reason or other, impressed themfallep over, and were yet recoverable. On the pave- cnild. But as I remember it now it waa a grim place, brown woolen frock of the Capuchins, with the hood AwTeyate receipts to date $60,927 48. Disbursements,folly. Motets grew ou the slight projectionn, andafter the introduction of the Faun of the srory. httle^thrnbe Bprouted ont of the crevicep, out could not ..chill-that-would thenceforth wait for them in eoli*;ude.abght tbe devotion of the worahipers. Tlin pavement cloisters and dreary corridors of his convent, too, from of the nave was chiefly of marble, aud looked old and hie youth upward! It is a suggestive idea to track** D*>i>atello," pity fully cried aiiriam, " do not leave much Bol'ttm the fctern aspect of the cliff Brightly as "«• in this perpioxity ! Shake aside those brown curls, the Italian moonlight feli a-down tbe hight, it scarcely 3»j fri«i»df, and )*t na see whether thi» marvelous re- ehowed what porticn of it was man's work and whatTheir deed—the crime wbicbDonatello wrought, and Mirijim accepted on tae. instant—had wreathed itself, as she said, like a serpent, in inextricable links aboutbroken, and was shabbily patched here aud there wkh ti'.eB of brick;, it was inlaid, moreover with tombstones of the med leval taste, on whjioh were quaintly sculp- tured boidcrs, figures, and portraits in bus-relief, aud Latin epitaphs, now grown iJJegibie by the tread of footsteps over them. The churcn. appertains to a con- vert of Capuchin monks; .ftjud, as uaually happensthose worn feet backward through all the patba they have trodden ever since they were the tender and rosy little feet of a baby, and (coid as they now are) were kept warm in his mother's hand."As cia companions, whom the sculptor supposed to be clos-e by him, made no response to his fauciful mus- iDg, be looked up and saw them at the head of the bier.•enob ance extends to the very tip« of the eaxv. If BO, waf JCjtJure'p, but left it all in very much the same both their rouls, aid drew them into one, by its ter-we s^ail like 5oa all the better.'" kmd ol ambiguity and half-knowledge in which anti- *' No, no, dearept signorina," answered Donatello, quarians gentrafly .leave the identity of Roman re-rible contractile power. It was closer than a marriage- lotd. So intimate, in those iir^ moments, was theBOARD OP EDUCATIOST.This Board mec last evening as usual, PresidentCURTis,inthechair.The School Officers of the Fifth Ward asked authori-ty to continue the renting of the premises now occu- pied by Coloied School $o. 5, in that Ward, at $600 a year, the rent now paid. The petition warranted.'".; /"-.i-m-RSDAT, MARCH 8, I860.desd!" taid the. "Stone dead! Would I were so, too!"v/xeatb., jutt dense enough tu catch a little of the moon- to wt igb tbe matter; but he had his trial in that breath may be."and was never quvte subjected to the trammels of shine? iicated above the homes midway toward the or two wh.lo I held him over the cliff, and his senreoce " D o not make the poor l a i fancy-hick," whisperedsocial law. They were strong, active, genial, cheer- hiliy lite, and showed the course of the unseen river. in thfct one g^anre, when jour eyes responded to mine! Miiixim, pulhig tbe sculptor's sleeve. " He is of a na-ihe palenees cf an ordinary corpse, but as' little resem- bling tho flush of natural life. The eyelids were but partially drawn down, and showed the eyeballs be-iajnily from extinction. Nature, however, from the Tarpeian Rock. Look over the parapet and see what a steer-tun/bie there might Ptill be for a traitor,*' Yes, DrtLaTelio, yoa speak tho truth!" faid she; "my fceart consented to what you did. We two ulew yonder wretch. Th« deed knots us together for timeand etemify, like tho coil of a serpent!"Tbcy threw one other glance at the heap of deathbelow, to f»S8cre tbemtelves that it was there; so like a dTeam.was the T»bo:e thing. Then they turned from that /atal precipice, and came out of the courtyard, arm in arm, heart in heart. Inetkictively, they w«rethis morning. We will wait-for her no longer."They eniered the nave. The interior of the church was of. moderate eomyasB,-but of good architecture,Donatello flung him over the precipice.Tbe Bculptor was sending at tbe foot of the bier,the Board until the.present time:"fane to tome peeped out in its primeval features. Ever and anon a descendant of the Monte Benis ap- peared bearing all the characteristics of the original xaee. It was even said that the blood of the Faunin ppite of the thirty feet of soil that have accumulated at the foot of the precipice."They all bent over and saw that tbe cliff Jell per- p«ndi«n)arly downward to about the depoh, or rather Miore, at which tbe tall pal*ce rose in hight above their heads. Not that it was still the natural, shaggy frontY.-ar. 1847..No ofAlii'DH.Receipts Total from all nowees. Expenditures.appeared, waa built right on the edge of a s:e«<pprecipice. Gazing from its imm-nent brow, the party"Did yon not mean that be should die?" sternly asked" You are surely ill, my dear fellow," exclaimed Kenyon.b*held a crowded confusion of roofa spreading orerthe whole space between them and the line of Dor.a'elio, etill in the glow of tb*t intelligence which" Am I ? PeTbaps so," said Donatello, indifferent- neath ; aB if the deceased friar were stealing a gbropfeA letter was received from the agent of tbe Com-stow an unconquerable vigor, which kept the ol a]l other earthly things. This is one of the sides of bined into one emotion, and that, a kind of rapture." Hilda has forgotten her appointment," she ob- beneath its balf-cloEed eyelids, was tbo same visage that arrived at this port, and the amount of commutation served, "or else her maiden slumbers are very eound bad glared upon their naked seuls, tbe past midnight, as money exacted from them, from the organization ofwas sometimes betrayed in the ears, covered with adeteate fur, and shaped like a pointed leaf. An ef- in ancient ewm'-.w. rk,- through which the primeval beeOfnl not to sever themselves ao much aa a pace or fective allusion is made to this circumstance soon rock showed its n*ce here and there grimly and doubt- two from one another, for fear of the terror and deadlyround.with offerings; its picture above the altar, al- and :ro over the bard pavements of Home, and throughtbouga clohely vailed, if by .any paintor of renown; a hundred other rough ways of this life, where theand its badowed tapers, burping continually, to Set monk went begging for his brotherhood; along tbe 1854.. ..319,223 1 688 802 98 «35,215 77of theoii^iual precipice; for it. appeared to be ca««;d591 651 92365,906 24 311,244 34 892,270 43191,368 64 182,566 84$4,937,551 16 <,The door of the little courtyard had swung upon its hinge*, aid-partly cl-sed itself. Hilda (whose W i v eopening it, wlierT^bowhs s'a>tied, mid«av, by tfceno'ee ot a struggle wi'hSi. h»ginninrr and ending aftin one breathless instant. Along: with it, or closely succeed- ing it, Iwiis a loud, fearfulcry? which quiver*d upward through ihe air, and sank quivering downward to thebis penly tail, with a poisonous dart at the'eod of it! That JBwhat they ritk, poor souls, who do battle with Michael's tr-eaay."It r>o*°} p»;rh8j5p, struck Miriam, that her mental dis-quietude vcas impelling h6r to an undue vivacity; tor "horrors" at their discretion. W e assure thenunion,thatitseemedasiftheirnewsjropathyannihi- whenareve-iendbrotherhood!havesuchaneuificefin Headvancedthitherhimself.. you to take the tips ol my ears for granted." A» he Tbe roofu of some poor looking houses which had hved all other ties, and that they were released from charge, ihe floor eeeined ne\«ir to havejjbsen scrubbed " Ha !" exclaimed he.spoke, the young Italian made a skip and jump, li#b/, been hniit against the base and sides of the cliff rose the chain of humanity; a new sphere, a special law, or 6wept, and had as little tire aspect of sanctity aa a. He cast a horror-stricken and bewildered glance at *nor.<h for a veritable faun; BO a* to place himself nearly mldw»y to the top; but from an angle of the bad been created for them alone. The world could kennel; whereas, in all churches of nunneries (the Miriam, but withdrew it immediately. Not- that he quite bfyond the r*ach of tie fair hand teat way ont paraj ef there was a precipitous plunge straight down- not come near them; they were safe ! sisf.erbood invariably show the purity of their own had any definite Buspicion,4or, it may be, even a remote •treiebeU, ai» ii" to settle the matter by actual examina-laughynjr,butwiihacertainearnestness. "IentreatIrna^ns.tion. *I shall be like a wolf of the Appeuines," he continued, taking his atanu on the other aide of tbeAn appropriation of $3,200 was asked' for by thekindred creature. He is not supernatural, but just on the Piazza dtl Cam^idoglio, Bhediscovered that Miriamship that knits our heart-sorbgB together !"" I fe*l it, Miriam," said Donatello. " We drawone breath; vf e Jive one life !"11 Only josterd&y," continued Miriam; " nay, onlya short half-hour ago, I shivered in an icy solitude. Ko friendship, no sisterhood, could come near enough to keep thy warmLh within my heart. In an iustant, all is changed ! There can be no more loneliness !"" Kone, Miriam !" said Donatello.And now occurred a circumstance that would seem advertu-e for proposals for the erection of a new edi- too fantastic to be told, if in had not actually happened, iice. The su!>j«;ct called forth considerable debate •precisely as we set it down. As the three lrieod<j stood Mr. GrtEiiN" contending that the Twentieth Ward waaihe verge of nature,, and yet within "it. What is the same»e3« charm of this idea, Hilda You can feel it jnore delicately than I."bad remained behind. ^441 must go back " said she, withdrawing her arm from Kenyon's; •but pray do not come with **lt pertjex*s me," said Hilda, thoughtfully, and me. Several times this evenirg I have had a shrinking a little; "neither do I quite like to think fancy that Miriam had something on her mind about it." —some sorrow or . perplexity which, perhaps,by the bier, they saw that a little etrenm of blood had begun to ooze frcm the dead, monk's nostrils; it crept slowlv toward tee thicket of his beard, where, hi the course of a moment or two, it bid itself." How strange!" cjacalated Kenyon.' "The monk died of apoplexy.,-1 suppose, or by some sudden acci- dent, and the biood has not yet congealed."the most, expensive in the city.Mr. W A TKRBUUY urged that a new school-housebe erected in this Ward, as asked for by the Officers, and he should vote for an appropriation for such pur- pose.The document was referred to the Committee on Repairs.** But surely," said Kenyon,': you agree with Miriam it would relieve .her to tell me about. No, no;and me, that there is something very touching and im- do not turn back ! „Donatolio v?iil be a sufficient gnar-pressive in this statue of the Kaua. In some long past dian for Miriam and me."asked SJiriim, with a smile from which the sculptor in-voluntarily turned away IUB eyes. " Does it satisfyVyou"'" And why not?" he inquired.set.rrg forth ihat he Lad made an offer to do the car- penter work on the new school-house in Oliver street Fourth Ward, for $7,050, but that the Loc*l Board hai awarded tbe contract to Wm. Coulter for $3,392. Ml.«£ft, be murt really have existed. Nature needed, and•till reeds, this beautiful creature; Btanding betwixtman and animal, sympathizing with each, compreaend-a little angry ; but he knew Hilda's mood of gentle de- cision bv.a inccpetdence too weJl not to obey h«r. Hemy innocent one ! Surely, it is no crime that we have committed. One wretched and worthless life has been sacrificed, to cement two other livea lorevermore."" Forevermore, Miriam!" said Donatello; " cemen- ed with hip blood !" ' . - • . . ' »The young man started at the word which he had himselt spoken; it may be that it brought home, to the Bimplici y of hiB imagination, what he had not before t'reartjed of-^—the ever-increasing loathsomenesa of a union that consists in guilt. Cemented with blood, which would corrupt and grow more noisome forever and forever, but bind them none tho less Btricily for that!" Forget ii! Catt itallbehindyou!"saidMiriam, detecting, by her sympathy, the pang that was ia his he8it. " The deed has done its office, and hjiano ox- iBtence any more."They flung tbe past behind them, as she counseled,orelsedistilledfromitafieryinxixioation,whichsuf-ficed to ca^ry them triumphantly through those firstmoments of their doom. For, guilt has ita moment of prtteut cue was made entirely on her account. Exceptrapture too. The ..foremost result of a Droken law ie herself, you.knowj we were all agreed in our recollec-ever an ecstatic Benee of freedom. And thus there tion of the picture." *exhaled upward (out of their dark sympathy, at the " But we were wrong, and Hilda right, as you per- bate of which lay a human corpse) a blips, or an insan- ceive." Baid Miriam, directing his attention to tho pointi:y, which the unhappy pairimagined to bo well worth on which their dispute of the nigtit before had arhjon.iDBg the speech of either race, an.d interpreting the tberefoie suffered the fearless maiden to return alone.whole existence of one to tbeoifc^er. What a pity that Meanwhile, Miriam had not notioed tbe departure of he has iortver vanished fromthe hard and dusty paths the rett of the company; she remained on the 6dge of4 " Of.course, ycu i now the old superstition about Dutch asked the action of the Board in the matter.•f life—unJtts," added the sculptor, in a sportive whis- per, ." Do.-.jiteilo be actually he !"" Yon cannot conceive how this fantasy takes hold of me/' responded Miriam, between jeat and earnest. " Im- ag-ne, now, a real being, similar to this mythic Pauo; bow bappv, how genial, how satisfactory would be his life, enjo^mg the warm, lensuoua, earthy sideof nacure; r«vehng in the merriment of woods and streams; liv-ing as onr four footed kindred do—as mankind did m Itsinnocentcbiluhood,beforesin, sorrow,or mvrality itself had ever been thought of! At! Kenyon, if Hilda and you and I—if-1, at least—had pointed ears! For 11oppose the Fann bad no conscience, no remorse, noburdenon the heart,notroublesome recollections©f any sort; no dark future either.""Wbatatragie tone was that last, Miriam!" saidthe sculptor; and, looking into* her face, he was startled 10 bthold it p*)e and tear-stained. "How suddenly this mood has come over you I"" Let it go as it came," said Miriam, "like a thnn- -ier-shower in this Roman sky. All is sunshine again,you eee!"Dofcatello's refractoriness as regarded his ears hadevidently cost him something, and he now came clo^eto Miriam's sioe, gazing at her with an appealing air,a* if to soiicit forgivenese. His mute, helpless gesture«* enutaty had something pathetic in it, ar.d yet mightwell enough excite a laogh. so like it was to what youmay see m the aspect of a hound when he thinks him-sell in fault or d^race. It was difficult to make outthe cnaracter ol thia young man. So full of animalMe as he was,,M'ioyouuic his deportment, so haod-aome, so physically well developed, he made no im-pre^wn or mcompietenei*,0i raaimed or stinted nature.Aiid yet, m social mtercourse, theee lamrltar friendsm>t necessarily imply anything wrong, would havecompromised her reception, in society, auywherebut in Kome. The truth was, that nobody knewjaoything about Miriam, either for good or evil.the precipice, and Donatello along with her." It WCUJQ be a fatal fall, etill, she said to herself, lookmj; over the parapet, and shuddering as her eyemeasured the depth. 4' Yes; surely yes ! Even with- out, the weigbt of an over-burdened h*-art, a human body would fall heavily enough upon those stones to shake all its joints a»und6r. How soon it would bei"overDonatello,ofwhocepresence shewas possibly notaware, now pressed c'.oter to her tide; and he, too. like Miriam,bent over the low* parapet and trembled vioknfly. Vet he eeemed to feel t^jat perilous fascioa- ticn which banj^tH the brow of precipiees, tempting the unwaryonetoflinghimselfoverfor the veryhorror of the thmg, lor, after drawing nastily back, be again looked down, thrusting himtell outfurther than before. He then stood silent a crief space, struggling, perhaps, •to make himself conscious of the historic associations of tb* hcene." What axe you thinking of, Donatello ?" asked Mi- riam.44 Who were they," said he, looking earnodtly in her face, " who have been 'flung over here in days gone by 7"': Men that cumbered the world," she replied. " Men whose lives were the bane of their fellow-ere itures. Men who poisoned tbe air, which is the common breath of all, for their own selfii-h purposes. There was short wofk with such men in old Roman times. Jcuat in the moment ol" their triumph a hand, as of an avenging giant, clutched them, and dashed the wretches down this precipice."• " Was it well done 7" asked the young man." It was well done," answered Miriam; u innocent persons were saved by the.deetruction of a guilty one,who deserved his doom." *While this brief conversation paesed, Donatello hadtliis phenomenon of blood flowing from a dead body," she rejoined. "How can we tell but tbar, tbe mur- derer of this monk (or, possibly, it may bo only thatMr. SHINE said that tbe sureties offered by Ml. Dutch were not setisfactory to the local officers, n«t being in accordance with the rules of the Board, whid\ required an affidavit of two persons who would ^oat- antee the prompt and faithful perfomance of the, worL- Mr. Dutcn not having complied with the r^ics of the Board, the local officers had no alternat'.ve but to takethe offer of tbe next lowest bidder, Tno matter was referred to the Finance Oommit&e.Mr. MCVKY , Superintendent of School Buildings; tninsmited a correspondence between himself and cfficeisof the Twenty-lmt Waid. Mr. McVey sug- gested that the beams in t^ie school building about being erected in Cwenty-seventh street should not be more than four feet'apart, instead of eight f«et, as hereto- fore. This, he thought,would insuresafjty. The local Board respor-ded by irsisting that the original"*2f o* ^flf'1 ^ S ^ i v e l y allowed for him, as ,Or C i 0rft0m 0lhtTviding for the establishment of a dally Normal School • for females was taken f»om the table, and considered section bv tection. <?Pending tho consideration of the subject the Board' adjourneo. •_ ,—-*.DISTRIRFTION OF PKTZES AT BELLEVUE.- ! t ^ i * ^«*i« thing, exacting nostrict obedience to conventional rules, and hardly no-tjong his eccentncitie* enough to pardon them. There as a hound may often be seen to take sidelong nite ofonce or twice glanced aside with a watchful air, just was an indebnable cbaracterhrtic about Donate} lo tha some auspicious object, while he gives his more directto-day more clearly man ever before."" What are home of them?" a died Kenyon."That Archangel, now,'"'Miriam continued; "howYesterday afternoon a goodly number of surgeons, pb> sieiuus, and medical students gathered in the lee— tine theater of Bollevue Hospital, to view the anatom-.eet him outside of rules. ° fcJanate of ber fri«ndb suspected; this form'of cbiy hudattention to something nearer at hand. Miriam seemed The lady, who is here presented to our acquaint now firs; to become aware of. the silerce that had fol- ance under the name of Miriam, plays the mos lowed upon tbe cheerful talk and laughter of a few moments before. Locking around, she perceived that important; part in the murky tragedy. There wa hll her company of merry friends hud retired, and Hilda, too, In whose soft and quiet presence she hadheld the evil spirit whicfi blasted her sweet youth, and»,mystery about her position, which, though it didalways an indescribable feeling of security. All gone; fed by the very substance of its life! How faintly preitify-sandalod foot on the head of his prostrate foe ! am now quailed and shook, not for the vulgar horror New "York Medical College, Dr. FRANCIS occupied thethat lus follow-citizens nation made life imoit last. Jeptba Horde, xs. 1., ^centlv drov*****> ^hom he had « ^Wrn. Womack, ove] Holmes, on N m Wseven miles of Mempt to bis e.mp'oyer, on the heart with a knifeMALIGNANTDISKA! throat is prevailing ut persons attacked witiwar csinto a stone-paved court. ^ \ When they reached the flight of steps, leading down- hearta by the virg-n cleaniineSfi and visible consecra- " I prefer ibis to any other site as having been ver- ward from the Capitol, there was a far-oft'noise of tion of the wallu and pavement.idea that phe could be held responsible, in the least de-giee, for this man's sudden death. In truth, it seemed Ward Ohicers ot the Twelfth Ward, for the purpose\i&tigm*miii*»mmmii*if**l*w&*»*»^itably the Traitor's Leap,"' said Kenyon, " because it singing and laughter. Swift, indeed, had been the As our friends eutercd the church, their eyes restedDyixg Glad'ator^ "if you toucb my e<*ra ererso softly. was to convenient to vhe Capitol. It was ah admira- ruuh of the critic that was come and gone ! This was atoiceonaremarkab e object in, the center of the nave. persecutor of maDy pant months and the vagabond of street upon wbicb to erect a primary schoel-house. &e-But the idea was unjust to the sex at large, and especially so to this poor Miriam^ who wits hardly re-, spontible for ber frantie eilorts to be pay. Bo-wbly,picture of man's struggle iigains^ sin according to your own idea ! I.think it will be a masterpiece." "tustainjng the demands which it made upon her forti- tude. She ceased to tremble; the beautiful woman gazed sternly at ber dead t'liemy, endeavoringto meet and qutll the look of accusation that he threw fxom.f:The se latt words strnck Miriam like a bullet. Could. she bad returjjed safely to her tower."'it be so ? Bad her eyes provoked or asBentedto this "Then mate yourself quite ea?y," answered Mir- Very etrong for both, of us. Be brave; and all hideed 7 She had not known it. But, alas! looking back iam. " 1 saw ber"(and it JBthelaMBpweetuightthatl re- well."5mo tie frer;zy and turmoil of the scene just acted, she member) kaning from her window midway between, Donatello bung back for a moment, but then pressedwhen she beheld her persecutor in his mortal peril. " You seem out of spiriis, my dear friend," he obrWas it horror ?—or ecstasy ?—or both in one 1 Be the served. " This languid Koman atmobphereis hot the them, weie standing about the corpse; and as ourerr otion what it might, it had blazed up more taidly, airy wine that you were accustomed to breath at home. thiee friends drew nigh, a mother knelt down, and when Donatello flung his victim off the cliff, and.more I have not forgotten your hospitable invitation to meet caut-ed ber little boy to kneel, both kiseiug the- beads »pn m'ore, while his snriek went quivering downward. you this Snmnier at your c*stle amor>g the Ape .nines. and crucifix that bung from the monk's girdle. Pos- "Witn the dead thump upon the stones below, had come It is my fixed vuino&e to comej I secure yen. We shall sibly be bad died in ihe odor of sanctity; or, at allOF EMIGRA TION.This Boaid met veeurday afternoon at Castle,Gar-"Itmay be," said Donatello, with unwonted com- ward aB earnestly as if some inestimable treasure had berneBe; "the old house seemed joyoua when I was ament, below, was a dark mass, lying in a heap, with too." drawn ever bis head, but so as to leave tbe feature*» monstrous being, partook largely of the gentlest human qualities. A sylvan creature, native among the woods, had loved a mortal maiden, and perhaps \j the natural courtesies of love, or possibly by a ruder wooing, had won her to his haunte. InI due time, he gained her womanly affections, andfrom their' bridal union sprang a vigorous progenythat took ife place unquestioned among human fami-lies. Still for a long time, it showed the trace ofits wild paternity. Though a pleasant and kindlyrace of men, it was capable of savage fierceness, hills that lay beyond ihe Tiber. A long, misty passion bad deve'opeo in him. " There w*s short t«uie ly ; " I never have been ill, j and know not what it at the b>standers, to watch whether they were duly mtseiokeie at Albany, Btating that he experienced con-1 ttle or nothiig human in its appearance, except that the [bands were stretched out, as if they might have clutched, for a moment, at the small square stone3.The sculptor looked more attentively at the young and a por ion of tbe beard uncovered. His rosary and man, and was surprised and alarmed to observe how cn.se hum at hie side; his bunds were folded over bisentii tly the hue, fresh glow of animal spirits had de- breast; bis feet ihe was of a bare-footed order in his bight ofthe palace, with the moonshine fulling over it, But. there was no motion in them, now. Miriam parieo out of his face. Hitherto, moreover, even lifetime anc continued eo in death) protruded from be-as exceedingly lonely. On one side was the great and showing ail the windows barred and shuttered.>»ot a hnu.an.eye could look down into tne little court-yard, even if the Btemingly deserted palace had aleuant. On all other ttides ol" its narrow compass therewas nothing but the parapet, which, as it now You have killed him, Donatello! He is quite ex'-inct. • . • . fully displayed. It had a purplish hue upon it, unlikewa'cbtd the hesp of mortality while Bhe could count"* while he was staudbg perfectly still, there had been a neath his habit, stiff' and stark, with a more waxen hundred, wh-ch uhe tock pains to do. No stir; not a kiid of potsibie gamooi indicated in h'.s aspect. Io was look than even his face. Tbey were tied together at firmer nn.ved 1 quhe goi-e now. '• All <us youtliful g^yefcy, and with it the atkles with a blaok ribbon.<; his simplicity of manner, WUB eclipaed, if not utterly Tbe countenance, as we have already said, was£ay that I have slain him agaimt your wil!—say that ture to lie down and die" at once> 'if he fin-la hiinBelf be died without your whole confent—and, in another drawing, such melancholy breutns as we ordinarybre>th, you sball'seeme lying beside him." people are enforced to burden oar luog-s withal. But 1Par away on the right the moon gleamed on the dome ful as the sunshine, passionate as the tornado. of St. Peter's * as well as on many lesser and nearerThey were filled with perpetual joy by an unsought domep.narmooy with nature. In the lapse of centuries, '; What a beautiful view of the city !" exclaimed Never, never, never !" dreary Kome, where nobody but himseif ever thought Capt. CRABTREE informed the Board that he bad Hilda; " and I never saw Rome from this point be- knew to have been caused , by a suduen and terrible• the F A V S ' S wild blood became attempered with fore." . .. - SLe turned to h-m—tbe guilty, blood-stained, lonely of benjf» ^,ay. I ainfluences are' too heavy to Bustaiu throb of the he-it. His hand, by an instantaneous been asked to ECU the old stoves, bricks, iron, & c , the•constant intermixtures from the nwre ordinary " It ought to afford a good prospect," paid the sena- woman—she turned to ber fellow- criminal, the yoatt, the life of such a creature." change, became like.ice wihbu hers, which likewise debris of the conflagration at Quarantine; but the tor; "for it was from this point—at least, we are at so lately innocent, whom she bad dra"wn into her Tbe above conversation had passed chiefly on the grew so icy that their insensible fingers might have rat- Board did not deem it advisable to take any steps infe streams of human life. I t lost many of its original doom. She prcpsad Ivxxi close, close to her b' eom, Steps of the Ci*ppucc;nl; and, having said BO much, tled one againtt tbe Other. No wonder that their blood tbe matter until the Legislature th'oul'd take action in*qualities, and served, for the most part, only to be- liberty to think so xf we choose—that many a famous with a clirgipg embrace that brought their two hearts Miriam lifted the featbem curtain that hangs before curdled; no wonder that their hearts leaped and the Quaiantine difficulties..Roman canght his last glimpse of hia native city, and together, tail the horror and aijony of each was com- all church-doors in Italy. paused! Tne dead face of the monk, gazing at them The following tdble shows the number of aliens who' Ob,"never!" cried Miwam. " 3Iy one, own friend! wemuBt^et him away from this old, dreamy, and stant felt him give a convulsive shudder, which she Rererreo to Mr. Cumming^, notv in Aliany..• oo wild a thought, to connect, in reality, Miriam's of purchasing lots in One-hundi-ed-and-twenty-aixth b.'e idea of those stern old fellows to fling their politi* still the merriment of the party that had so recently It was either the actual body, or, as might rather have be preceding night, withtbe'dead Capuchin of to-day. lef red to Committee on Sites, &c.Vvna of my race could endure it. It baa always been a tei dtr point with my jVeW-hers and me."He spoke in Italian, with the Tuscan rusticity of ac- cent, and an nx>rhs.ped sort, of utterance, betokening that he mnet heretofore have been chiefly conversant w n b r u r a l p e o p l e ."Well, well," said Miriam, "your tender point—yourtwoTenderpoints,ifyouhavetnem—shallhi*safe,eo far as I am concerned. But how strange this like-ness is, after all! and how delightful, if it really in-cludes the pointed -ears! Oh, it is impossible, of•onrue," she continued, in English, " with a real andcommonplace yoang man like Donatello; but you beebow thin pecoliarity defines the position of tbe Faun;and, wbile putting him where he cannot exactly assert Hilda at iubt accepted it; but whei they had partlyhis brotherhooo, still disposes us kindly toward tne threaded the passage between the little courtjnrd and. fr end. are you conscious, as I am, of. this companion-44 Come, come; it is midnight," cried another arfst, *'toolatetobemoralizinghere. Weareliterally ^reaming on tbe edge of a precipice. Let us go home."head, and another at tbe foot. There was. music, too,seclusionthathadsuddenlyextendeditselfarounu in*M*rni.onywithsofunerealaspecticle.Frombeneath laybeyondhiBactualvision. Therewasawhisperin••' Jj ia tipre, indeed," said Hilda.The sculptor was HO^ without hopes that be might, beof the immeasurable waste, that lay between them and strain of a Dc Profundi*, whicfi souuded like an utter- wherefore, he resolved to be silent as regard'-' vCl Ward; whereon to enwi » P^-marv- ^opl-honae. Laidfavored with the sweet charge of escorting Hilda to the foot of her tower. Accoidngly, when the parly precared to turn back, he offered her his arm.all brotherhood or tisteihood, now preas them one within the other !ance of the tomb itfeii"; SO dismally did ro r o n i v TM through the burial-vaults, and ooze up among the flat gravestones and sad epitaphs, fiiiuig the churcn as with a gloomy miGt." I must look more closely at that dead monk before we leave the church," remarked the sculptor.' " I n tfco study of my art, I have gained many a hint from the dead, which the livijg could never have given me."•' I can well imagine it/' answered Miriam. " One claf image is Teft.oii'y enpied from another. B^it lot us firet see Guido's piciure. The light ia favorable now."Accordingly, they turrled into the first ciiapcl on the right hand, as you enter the nave; aui there they beheld—not the pict^tc, indeed—bat a closely drawn curtain. Tae churchmen of Italy make no scruple of sacrificing the very purpose for which a work. t>f sacred art has been created; that of opening »Jflft way. for'religious senti- ment through the quick, medium of sight, by bringing angels, saints, and n\drtyre down visibly upon earth; of 'sacrificing thiB Vfgh purpose, and, for aught theymvste— .*' ^biohhehadP-' „TJV"^ on the table.*-,,. «<vu« uiowYwr ,,y.. . w ^**ae, and to leave A communication was presented from the School" None, my beautiful one !" responded Miriam, gaz- ing in his face, which had taken a higher, almost an The sculptor was a good deal mortided, and perhaps heroic aspect, from tbe strength of passion. " None," Do you consider that a sufficient explanation V A communication was received from Alonzo Dutch,"aLdonly herseif and Donatello left hanging over the brow of tbe ominous prec'pice.does the criminal stagger onward, lacking tho impulse But is it thus-that virtue looks, the moment after its of the spectacle, but for the severe, reproachful glunco chair. Dr. Morr said, ia reference to the prepar*tion- of that strong madnetB thai hurried him into guilt, aud death-struggle with evil ? No, no; I could have told that seemed to come from between thoao half-dosed to which tbo Committee bad awarded the first prixe, treacherously deserts him in the-midst of it! Guido better. A full third of the Archangel's feathers lids. True, there had been nothing, in his lifetime, that it tranecendod anything that he had ever seen as a 'work ol surgical ekill, especially the superficial arteries When Miriam and Donatello drew ne-ir the church, should have been torn from his wings; tbe reBt all ruf- vilertbau tliis nfan. She knew it; there was no other of Ihe neck. He expressed himself highly gratified intbey found only Kenyon awaiting them on the steps. fled tdl they looked like Satan's own! His sword feet within her consoioushebs that she folt to-bo so cer- preturning the prize o". $50 aud the diploma to Drs. Hilda had likewise promised to be of tho part.v, but Bhculd bo streaming with blood, and perhapB broken tain; and yct, because hor persecutor found himoolf Jehu G. Rveison and John Shrady of the College ofKotpo. however; net entirely alone! In the base- ment wall of the palace, shaded from the moon, there was a deep, empty niche, that bad probably once con- ^"•edartuttie; not empty .either; for a figure now camethem. But how close, and ever closer, did the breadth the'pavem*11* ^f the church came the desp, lugubrious hia ear; it said, "Hush!" Without asking hunee^" O h , friend," cried Miriam, so putting her soul into that w ord that it took a heavy richness of meaning, and seemed never to have been spoken before. " On,ahy lemark or exclamation to be Voluntarily offered by Miriam. If she never spoke, then let tne riddle be un- solved.officers of the Twentieth Ward, setting forth that tne school-building'in West Tliirty-ufth street is entirely untuited for school purposes, and asking authority tothe sleepy innocence that was forever lost to them.A fresh glare of horror flashes on tho Bcene, in the next chapter, though the fearful mystery re-mains without solution.THE BURIAL CHANT." It is hot easy to detect her aotray, as regards any pic- ture on which thoee clear, soft eyes of hers have ever l e t t e d . "" And bhe has studied and admired few pictures so mucb iiBtbin." observed tho sculptor. "No wonder; for there ie hardly another BObeautiful in the world. WhatAfter a hhort discussion, the subject was referred to the Co nmideo on Repairs, to which were added Messrs. Rhodes and Green, with power to expend a sum no* exceeding; $260 in investigating the matter, and the school officers of the Twenty-first Ward have libertyfa'.o ! There is a dogreo of pain, trouble and disgust at may remember, some of our acquaintances-had made being brought in contact with sin, even for the purpose an engagement to meet) Btand» a little aaide fromthe of quelling and punishing it; and yet a celeBtial tran-Piazza Barborini. Thither, at tho hour agreed upon quility pervadeB hie whole being.'';on tbe morning after the scenes lust described, Miriam " 1 have never been able," said Miriam, " to admire and Donatello directed »heir steps. At no time are this picture nearly so much as Viildadoes, in its moral people BOBeduloutiy careful to keep their trifling ap- and intellectual aripect. If it cost her more trouble to pointments, attend to the'r ordinary occupations, and be tood, if her BOUI were less white and pure, she thuB put a common-place ar-pect on life, UBwhen con- would bo a more competent critic of this pictare, aud scious of coino secret that if ouBpoctcd would make would eBlimate it not balf eo high. I see ita defects them look monstrous in the general eye.The Church of the CapuchinB (where, as the readertogether an illusion, which would vanish at a cloaer atd colder view. She must look at it again, therefore, and at once; or else the grave would close over tho face, and leave the awful fintasy that had conneoted itself therewith, fixed inettaceably in hor brain."Wait forme, one moment!" bhe said to her com- panioDB. " Only a moment!"So she went back, and gaied once more at thecorpse. YeK; these were the features that Miriamhad known so well; this was tbo visage that she re-membered from a far longer date than the most iuti-gents of the Univereitv for the year 1859.The Report of the formal School Committee pro-£ a e h*d made her appearance without introduction,badtakenastudio,puthercardonthedoor,and lorthfrom5t,andapproachedMiram.Shemusthavehad hadnotyetappeared. Meetingthesculptor,Miriam haM'-waytotbehilt;hisarmorcrushed,hiarobeBrent, safeandirrefutableindeath,hefrowneduponhisvic- PbjsiciansandSurgeons.^Healsopresentedthesecondcaute to dread some unspeakable evil from this strange put a force upon herself aud succeeded in creating an his breast gory; a bleeding gash on hia brow, cutting tim, and throw back the blame on her !showed conitiderable talent as a painter ia oils. Her l^rsecutor, and to know that this was the very crisis of artificial flow of spirits, which to any but tho nicest right acroas the stern scowl of battle! - He should " Is it thou, indeed 1" she murmured under her pnzo, being a gold medal and a diploma, to Dr. Spitis very soul depended upon it. feeling him squirm easy to become acquainted with her, and not diffi- benumbed her natural promptitude of thought, Miriam of Hilda'sabsence andsomewkat annoyed him by allud- mightily, and doubting whether the fight were 1'$•< *ae« has defied ^h ^i 0know, the wcKire of many souls along with it, to the, privileged murderer, his physician) may have just en-hope of a paltry fee. Every work by an artiBtof celeb- ri*y is bidden behind a vail,.and Roldom revealed, ex- cept to Protettauts, who scorn it aa an object of devo- tion, and value it only for ira artistic meric.The Bacrhdnn was quickly <ouud, however, and lost no time in disclosing the youthful Archangel setting his divine foot on the head of his fallen adversary. Io"was animogeofthatgreatest of'future events which we hope for so ardentlv—at least, while we are young— but find so very long in coming—the triumph of gooi-l nee.fi over fhe evil princip e.tered the church ?"" I cannot jest about it," said Kenyon." I i ia an."WherecanHildabe1"exclaimedKenyon.not her custom ever to Jail in an engagement; aud theWhen had ever a woman such a trial to snstain asthis ! By LOpossible supposition could Miriam explaintie'identityof tbedeadCapuchin,quietly,'and decor-ously laid o^t in the nave of his convent church, withthat of her murdered persecutor, flung heedlessly atthe toot of the precipice. The ellVct upon her imagi-nation was. as if a Rtxange and unknown corpse hadmiraculously, while she was gazing at it, aseumtd thelikeness of that face, so terrible henceforth in her re-membrance. It waa a Bymbol, perhaps, of the dead'yiteration with which she wa3 doomod to bobo;d theimage of her crime reflected back upon her in a thou-sand ways, and converting the great, calm face ofNature, in "the whole, and in its innumerable details, to produce such papers before the Committee as tbeyfair he looks, with his unruffled wings, with h«8 un-compelled her, ai it were, to BUdn hor womanhood cal specimens to which had been awarded the Woodmanners evinced great apparent freedom j it seemed ber calamity; f«>,-, H* b e drew near, such a cold. Bick observation was quite as effective as anu.uralone. EresB hiB foot hard down upon the old serpent, as if breath. " Then thou hast ->no right to scowl upon me of the University Medical College, for tbe bes: prepar- TS3ation of the neck and head. He also presented, in be- despair crept over her, that it impeded her breath! and She Bpoke sympathizingly to the sculptor on the subject eo ! But art thou^real, or a vision ?" IThe disease is consU 5Untitled Document"ItisYet bow tamo and woarisnino is the impression of allordinary thiugs in the contrast with such a fact! Howsick and tremulous, the next morning, i« the spirit, that,has dared so much, only tho night before ! How icy backed swordv and clad in his bright armor, and that with crime. But, whether it were the, majesty of jnd Eliot priz.es, and to see the prizes distributed. cold is the heart, when the fervor,.the wild ccataey of exquititely-fitting sky-blue tunic, cut in the latest Para- death, or something originally noble and lofty In tbo The Committee of Award consisted of the Professor* * passion has faded away, and sunk down among tho di?kcal mode ! What a dainty air of the tirafr celestial character of tbe dead, which the soul had stamped of Surgery and Anatomy of tbe College of Physicians dead ashes of the fire that blazed so fiercely, and was society ! With what half-scornful delicacy he sets hts upon the features, as it left thrm; so it was that Miri- and Surgeons, the University Medical College, and theis palpablei to my touch ! I will question the fact no longer, but deal with it as I best can."It was wcnderfnl to eee how the crisis developed in, tonished at the wild energy of her talk; ''paiut the Miriam its own proper strength, and the faulty of" The pictnie would have its share of truth, Tassureyou," she answered; " but I am sadly afraid the vic-lory would fall on the wrontf side. Just fancy a between bin balf-tloced eyelids. .smoke-blackened, fiery-eyed demon, bestriding that " No; thou shah net scowl me down !" said pbe. nice y nug angel, clutching his white threat with one Neither now, nor when we stand together at the judg- of his hinder ..claws; and giving, a triumphant whisk ef ment-rest. I fear not to meet thee there. Ifare'weushe panted, and turned away from the picture, with-out saving a word more about it. All this while, that the etory, though redolent of crime and blood," So I bhould imagine," Biid the sculptor, gravely;"but it is an advantage that I have little or no oppor-tunity of enjoying. I know^ot became of Hilda afer awe-stricken and impairing glAnces at tho de*a mouk; inclined to resist. It abooods in sweet and gentle my parting from you. She was .not especially my as if be could lock nowhere out at that ghastly object,companion in any part of our walk. The last I saw merely because it shocked him. Death ha-? probioiy episodes, illustrative of Itaban life, vivid desorip- of ber she was hastening back to. rejoin you in themoreover, Dor-atello had been very ill at *>a>je, casting possesses a seductive enticement, which few will be$ 193,29^ 10 * 148,147 01 wish a vaulted rocf over the nave, and a row of dusicy "Those naked feet!" s&iu he. " I know not why, 1M8.. .189,.76 301,9^1 99 247,833 47chapels on either side of it'instead of the customaryBide-aibles. Each chapel had bs Baintly shrine, huug but they affect me strangely. They have walked to22» ,7'JJ .212,796 .289,601 .34K-.992284.94Sand b*d not yet seen the monk's features.,.12!».0<>2ugly sight!"" True,- true; horrible to see, or dream of!" she re-plied, with ono of those long, tremulous sighs, which so o'ten betray a pick beurt by escaping unexpectedly. ""We will not look at it any more. Come away, Do-natello. Letusescape'i:om,thisdiurnalchurch. sum-bine will do you good."Theinto a manifold reminisceuco of that one dead visage.ce«-m Dec-eetary.The PrCHideut and Clerk were - directed to apply forKo sooner bad Miriam turned away from the bier,. au expression of heavenly severity in the Archangel's and gone a few steps, than she fancied the likeness al- Fund, apportioned to the'Free Academy by tho Re-u re.She beni down « e r the dead monk, till one of herhalf of Dr. Elliot, a prize and diploma for a prepara-till that next encounter!"Here we will draw the veil over tbe tragic spec-tioca of some of the most celebrated works of art,184U.. I860.. 1851;.1852.. lC5d1855.. ..136,233 1856.. ..142,342 1857.. ..183,7731828.. .. 78,589 1859.. . 79 322Total..2,560,8453I8.60S 29 358,010 36 4*9,538 27 572,329 2637*,8i7 34 363,461 39 46d,654 00 569,516 74586,859 1949V89 77 257,416 02 350,911 79217,868 25 199,873 73$4,942,76* S4lun of laying the beams.eight feet apart should Ie carried on, and under these circumstances he had deemed fit to lay the matter before the Board.and receive the-distributive share of the Litera'^ure Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 