 »«%. «r»wn» or wiTOif M a-*Wanas ***."_fs^. »JTO FOTKE M M >nVxaTIMBUKSTBrwo was s^^^ ^^^^Tfc« f f M t (gnaaatoBi ** ttoe D a y - W n o those of the rest of Italy. On the etijGari- Britain prctloos to 1763. The Doctor raplted, •tonaia Call * l a t l M a l jDemv—U—, mm* baldi, accompanied * y the Ministry; pm- 'Tbe vary boat in the world. » r y twhanlttolThe Sewl.Tha Africa, which left Liverpool jon the 10thaad Qoaeaatown on the evening of the llth hut, arrived at tbis port yesterday. Except the an-publican leaders have'sown whirlwind to at hand.the wind, and thaAccounts from Africa state that the slave tradewas very active on the Wind ward coast! Tbe Ame- popular representative government:—cans, and, as tbe Declaration says, spumedthem from the foot of tbe throne. Than, duringseven long, weary years, that despised minoritystood up, with arms in their bands, battling fortbeir rights, and freedom's battle was won at who can afford to indulge in such expensive has oat the Gordian knot and akin the monsterrican ship Lanretta to reported to have left Why- dab on tbe 38th of September with 800 slaves, and tbe American bark Buckeye a few days previously with a cargo of slaves.AKTtCXS V.—AKXK0MXST3. TbeDonrress,whatevertwothirdsefboth bousesshallare expired it is probable that she wUl herself •Utatton, or, ea the applleatiaa ef the Ugtstatnres of twe- propose some amicable arrangement whichparts of the Union, where toe taste for art ool* lections is rapidly spreading amongst thosefebirt as the symbol of the faith that was in Mm. and with that and his good sword ho•t lo another for conspiracy.if be did reeUy inaiTy Mrs.«Beerd*ler, she wi l be liable to the mdictmeat ft* bigamy. Tbe eatstofall of mystery, aad caoats ooanMoraela —tdtemont 'lastly a Faet ***••»- Art ataatgAen.Tbe Africa brings the newi of tba oon- lummatioo o f ft# I t t t fbrmalitiefl which unite the destfttes of the Two SloiUei withKow and THen~lTT0, I860. Doctor Franklin, when examinedParliasuentary Oomsnattaaof tbe American 8tamp act, was asked whatwas the temper of Anifrici towaidi GMe*f Mrtory' w It saonJd %••Called.moat serious question now before thepie and gownmeut of tbe United States to thai of aaaaaabiiag » general Ooaveation ofm n t o t V i c t o r F m a o u e l w i t h t b e p2eVtoctto, which «to King accepted, and thereupon Issued bis royal pioctejaatlon declaring tha fact Tbmv from 4be Alps to tha s^toeramoa* point af the Neapoliun kingdom, constitutionalinsU- tattoos have asserted their suarcmacy, aad tha popular voice cf Italy has once more exerted Bj proper influence in the choice of a ru|aT.To the pnTiotiAsa aad flrmness of three men- Cavour. Victor Emanuel and Garibaldi-- tbis, tbe greatest event of our time, to dun,wiltiagly to tha wovenmafw*a^thw crown, anal paid in their ooarw obedience to acta of Par- lisment. Numerous as are tbe people in the several old provinces, tbey cost you nothing inforts, oitadels, garrisons or armka to keep them in subjection. They wata governed by tb*> oouatry at the expense only of a little penjnk and paper; they were led b y a fits laws, its customs, Ml a fondness for itsthatgreatlyincreaseditscommerce.''If w e jp book rdaatj yaatn t » d w- view tha political history of tha ootoatoa without prejudice, wo shall sea that, from tbe smallest and most apparently insignificant cause*, the respect and love whtoh our fore-ailt i eState*, for tbe purpose of oonslderiugtan deny who rightlymn and spirit of resistance andawakened » feelings have ornouncement of the arrival of the Arabia at Qoeens- clear. In a free and popular representativewithdraw his interference. It was reported that negotiations were going on for the surrender ofof the two branches of government, whichIn the one the history ofany possible aberration on the part of the federal governmentTbe question as to bow this convention should be called aad elected we deem to bo equallymonopoly of the colonial trade was Inherent fat smallect reservation. All the obnoxious ap- toe British crown. Thus the direct issue was pointments made by him bad previously been raised, and tbe quarrel brought to a culminating revoked, and to mark his entire faith in the point in 1766, when the Stamp act received the ruler whom bis heroism had given to the people royal assent The first Colonial Congress assem-and studiously attempted to'disparage our fel- low eUiaaas of that section. The black re-Wellirgton. original as Napoleon, unselfish and patriotic as Washington.And this red shirt of Garibaldi's, to ft not already famous? Is H not now the rage all over the Continent? Upon all the promenades of the great cities, tbe dainty Boulevards, the fastidious Champa Byeees. tiseredabtrt is pre- dominant Tbe red shirt causes tha old heraldic emblems, the griffins aad the martlets, tha lions and the unioorns, the crowns and the sceptres, toe noble's coronet aad tha baronet's bloody hand, to pate toeir ineffectual fires. Tha red abirt is found In tbe cabinets of emperors, the boudoirs of queens, the council chambers of kings, tbe drawing rooms of nobles. It bothers the diplomats, perplexes the politicians, oonfounds the aristocrats, delights tbe liberals, astonishes toe old fogies, and makes too friends of freedom and progress clap their hands and rejoioe wivbdeem It aeetesery, shall propose asaaaSmeats to this »ntbirds of the se*erd States, shall call a eoaveattoa for proposirf ssMBdmeots, which, in sliear ease, shall be valid, to an intents and purpose*, as part of this ewatituluxuries.In toe meanwhile the patronage thus bestowedwhich has been preying upon Italy more thanwill restore tbe Venetians to the great Italian vices from Baa Francisco to toe 10th Inst The an- tioa, when ratlflsd by the Legislatures of throe-fourths of family. The Roman question will, wo fear, nouncement that Calif >rnia had goue for Linco'n to the States, or by ooirrwations in three fourths thereof, sa prove more difficult of adjustment Loam Na-lastAll this may be a twice told tale; but it will on foreign works, so far from burling, to bene- gnat general, and has kingdoms to give away,By tbe arrival of the pony express we hare ad-one or the other asset of ratlScatioa snay be proposed by confirmed. The Sonora left San Francisco on the tbe Congress, ^ ^10th, with 301 passengers aad $820,000 in treasure There is Bometlung peculiar in the presentfor New Turk. The markets were without change. condition of public affairs and the public mind,Tbe financial pressure on the Southern banks "which should operate on Congress and deter- continues to increase, aad the institutions of minethemannerIn which a NationalConven-dp as no barm to take the most familiar exam-0 sthe other hand, -T ~? - T ^ ... i, .JTiTl arttha Tbereverence andadmirationthatwefeelforpoint. Tbej exist and there U every rea*.ato suppose that they will not only continue toextot.butwiUIncrease,untilaremedytofound.Practical statesmen •mat deal wHh things a*tbey are. and not as they should be Thealarm cf tbe Boalb arises not from tbe electiontoe herotom of the latter must not detract from the share whiob tha two former had in balaging it about. It required a patriot minister and a patriot king to dear away tbe preliauoary obstacles which stood between Gsgibaldi and the liberation of Southern Italy. Butalas, theobnnxfaraa Mow,t any one man to the Presidency, wut from* for tha courage and diplomatic skill of conetant advatoe in its hold upon the OavottT arndtttogwerotti oaring of htolw**ter,in less than twenty yearn, to a feeling of tbe toaithaPsrsoanlUaWtybtlai reanaia on, bitterestionmity. Tha earliest encroachment statute ltoolBV^Baw*'sBto^J(pran^p^nhardu rfoungnt n e w . nwhich was poured oat to thepeople ofexhibitedb an aril tad a ©rime." They see that theconstitution provides no shield for the Statespiiinratingtheinetitutioaof slavery forthein- peopleof theTwoSicilies shouldaot be leftaajurovs ajnaicut m^arx,, ***AIW.-~?*I** and wildly excited conscience In EnglandBOOUET A OAK* n w i w y -~bivWs 3 wOiurtnaBwaiLI8RART HAM*ni« IOMI. r»*ns»*. -«*w.r-TRIPLE SHEET.to not that the whole of the black republicanparty Is ready to do that great social and poli-tical evil now; that party contains many whoabsolutely reject the idea of doing so great awrong now, or ever, and tills fact makes morefeasible today, by a convention fresh anddirect from the people, the engrafting of soch pensates for tbe momentary aberration wnioh• •w Wnwfcs, Samrrtny.00,amendments upon the constitution as shall induced him to listen to the arguments»l theforever guarantee the Southern States against Msaatoi party. As wUl be seen by our ajtvices, other side of tbe water it was claimed that theS e « « * .and Prussia. ^The manner in which Garibaldi transferredcandor and sincerity. The time baa arrivedwhen we should took oar troubles squarely intoe face. Men of the North have been too longthe dupes of miserable politicians who havepresumed upon tbe generosity of the South who was hrt>o eg Julius Caesar, prudent sat h t northern Slates, that hag been b y tha falleey that "mavcry1761, when the enforcement of the act levying duties upon sugar, molasses, &c, was attempted hy of "writs of assistance," whtoh em-powered tbeKings officers to searchforarti- cles supposed to have been smuggled. These writs were often served in a violent and illegal manner, aad many complaints ware made togents's bridgo and o a8olferino'sdays later than those receired by tbe Palestiue. tive powers, when they concur In tbe subsequently made to the Hungarian soldiers he morial to both houses of Parliament The resist- TbeaewafromItalytoImportant Victor necessity ofthe people consideringany gavefullexpressiontotbefeelingsofdevotion anceofthacoloniststotheStampaotwasto Emanuel bad form tUy accepted the sovereignty of want or excess in their constitution of and confidence with which he regarded him. violent that it was repealed; but in 1767 tariffaffairs by the political dangers impendiog over us, the art season opens under peculiarly auspicious circumstances. The impetus givenmight beexercised at any time. These two contin-tbe fortress to the Sardinians. The force of the gencies were—First,that theamendatory clauses Austria would appear to be set at rest. Tooroyattat* bad become much reduced, and it to might become to all so evident that their pass- Instructions given to the French Admiral atstated that the commanders of the foreign fleets age by a vote of two-thirds of both houses Gaeta. and which it will be seen w e n near bad advised the King to leave the city.!The inauguration of the new Lord Mayor of r.oa- would bo possible; and, second, that owing to leading to an attack upon tbe Neapolitan fleet, don, afr. Cubitt, took place on tbe 9th, with tbe the inequality of population in the several have no doubt convinced Garibaldi, if be wasla tba other oaa be analysed the peculiarities of two of the most esteemed of the modern schools, in tin productions ot their best artiste.school, represented by the International Art thai dry nothing astonished him so Bmcb as Association,andanumberofsmallercollec- tbedisplayofourredshirts.Asmaayassixtions, chiefly in the hands of the print fellers, or seven thousand of our firemen marched be- which comprise works of undoubted merit, fore toe future King of England, each clad in theeach as tbe "Cinderella"' of Tan Lerias. scarlet vestment wnioh has become too recog- Itwouldbenoexaggerationtosetdownthe nizeduniformoftheDepartment WhanGari-it was done frankly, oordially and without theTax Finn A n n or Now Yoax—Nxw BUILD towa oo tbe llth, thereto no aewa later than the government like ours, It to manifestly within of Southern Italy, ho entered Naples in the bled in October, 1765, and adopted a Declara- IKO roa ran AcADxnr or DMSTOK.—Notwith- close :f bodneM on the 10th. The advices are two the scope of the legislative and execu- fame carriage with the King, and in a speech tion of Bights, a Petition to tbe King, and a Me- standing the disturbance caused fat financialtbe Two Sicilies. Garibaldi's dictatorship ceased' government, to call a convention for that pur- This duty accomplished, like another Cincin- acts equally objectionable passed the House of to enterprise in this line last fall bas resulted and his Ministers resigned their functions. The pose. This concurrence to expressed by tbe as- natus, he retired to his (arm on too island of Commons, and Commissioners of Customs were in tba investment of a large amount of capitalSlog of Sardinia entered Naples on the 7th, and sent of a majority of the two federal legist* Caprera, bis last visit in Naples being paid tosent out to enforce the new laws. Betweenthis time and 1772 the colonists poured in re- foreign pictarea. Two important ooUectionsoa the Mb Garibaldi quitted the cityforbis home la tbe Wand of Caprera.Bat when the fathers of the republic established spectacle as this has not before been witnessed of Naples, continued on the land aide, and the the constitution, they contemplated two other in our day. It takes as back to ihe grand old Sardinian fleet had opened its Are on the city, the possible contingencies than that of calling a classic times when men valued power merely Preach Admiral Having receired instructions to national convention by the simple concurrence for the services which it enabled them toto now galleries, and in tha importation ofThe Investiture of Gaeta, the refuge of the Kingmonstrance* upon tbe home government A fewhave just been opened—that of Mr. Derby, in ative bodies and tbe approval of the executive, the English Admiral Munday. So impraatire arender to their country.For tbe present all fears of a collision withdown to the present day, may bo studied by exceeding great joy. The red shirt will become toe aid of works chronologically arranged, aad tbe popular garment of the day, aad will havemarking Ha different stages of advancement a great political as well as a marked personalusual ceremonies. Tbe grand banquet to the States, and hence their numerical power in not before satisfied of the fact, that Ms pro- a collision between tbe townspeople and theevening, at Guildhall, wia attended by the princi- Congress, a few of the larger States- leas than jected attack upon Venice must hide a British soldiers; but the same scenes might, in Besides these wo have the purely Germansignificance. . fIt Is odd, top, the origin of this now type of liberalism When tbe Prince of .Wales visitedpal members of tbe Cabinet aad by the Ambassa- two thirds of the whole number—might mora favorable eoojunoture of circumstaacee deed, have been often enacted in England. ItdorsofFranceandSardinia-theotherrrpresente-exercise thepowerbelongingtoasia ItIsevidentthatthaFrenchEmperortottvea of European Courts being absent. The pie majority in Congress, and, by re- not at all satisfied with the turn eventsFrench Minister and Lord Palmerston and Lord fusing to call a national convention, usurp have token in Southern Italy, and thatJohn Russell made speeches en toe occasion, toe tbe power to oppress the smaller States. it would require bat a *m»U luducemcut to anbounceofwhichtogivenInoutcompilationof Hencetheenactmentofthefiftharticleofthethe news. effect an entire change in his policy. Under The Prince of Wales had not reach id England constitution, the first portion of which Is per- such oircumstoncea Count Cavour is too saga-WhentheAfricatoftQueenstown. mtosory,tomeetthefirstcontingencywehave cious*astatesmantopushmattersfartherat Therewasno material changeinfinancialand justciteJ;andthesecondportionismandatory, present He knows that time wUl effect for commercial attain. in order to meet the second contingency. Venke what the sword has accomplished forwasnotuntil1776,fifteenyearsafterthe•wrireof assistance'' were first issued, that tba repre-sentatives of the old thirteen colonies declaredthat they were, and of right ought to be, freeand independent States, f h a colonies ba1been literally bullied into this course. Thehomegovernment,boastfulofitssuperiorbaldi was at work making candles on Staton andforsalethisseasonatba<Umillionofdol- islandouriTMSkirtedfollowsattractedhisat- lars. This estimate is confined to this city tention. TheircostumewasatriainglyfreeandBetween these twc lies tbe natural power of a tbe rest of Italy. Austria to too heavily em- barrassed to be able to keep up her presentstrength,itswealth,itsarmyandnavy,sneeredat tbe respectful remonstrances" of tbe Ameri- alone, which is far from monopolizing all easy—tiieir bearing that of men wbo fearedtbe valuable pictures imported into this coun- nothing, and wbo would die in tbe last ditch to try. Many of these find their way to othsr maintain their ireedom-so he adopted tbe rodenormous armaments, and before many monthst, irovEMBBR 24, lste-rapte warn.the.fathers bora toward tba old land was changed. irrepressible conflict does•ammnTemswM m^T\ »- -» m. . i i i'Aasn usto* *x Dictator would not have found the ex- made upon tha rights of tha eclontoto was In lltion emissaries that •afrits aawfaw o f orpulsion of tha Bourbons from Naples a matter of such easy aooouipliabment In risking the conquests already achieved, in order that theby Count Cavour in the Sardinian ParUament, men-of-war were authorized to seize and confis-were steps as bold and involved quite at much cate vessels engaged in contraband trade be- forced tbe British government against the ad- risk as the conquest of Naples. But for the de- tween the ports of these colonies and the Westvice of many of its most sagasioua statesmen, cided tone of the declaration conveyed to the Indies, thus almost annihilating our com- to commit towards its West India colonies. It Emperor Alexander by Louis Napoleon, pre- merce with the West Indies. Of thesame character was tba Boston Port bill, which stirred up Hancock and Otis to found the first notes of rebellion. The colonial Assemblies claimed the sola right of Imposing taxes upon their fellow citizens, and sent remonstranoes to the King embodtiDg the cardinal principle—"taxation and representation are inseparable.'' On tbeIncited to rebellion-oan any one doubt that the South will secede? WUl it be denied for a moment that the South hat acoursethanthecoloniessolves from the government of Great Britain? And, again, to any oaa oo fooUea aa to believe that the South can be, as Webb says, -whipped into submission:' Do the black re- publicans who talk inch nonsense remember Urn eminent bravery of Southerners in every war which the country bas waged against a foreign power? No, the South could not be conquered had we an army and navy equal to those of Great Britain. A united minority is infinitely more powerful than a majority which is made up of discordant and contending fac- tions.We put these views before our readers in alloalorof thee hi a new and ourious |all Christendomtofixedupon tiy wears a redshirt This man with the red shirt is the foremost historical character of the century. This man with toored shirt, by name Joseph Garibaldi bas or- ganized and nearly carried out one ot the great- eat revolutions that the world has ovoraeen. This man with tha red shirt will be accounted among tbe great captains. Tbe post wiUaingof him, the painter will reproduce htm upon oan- vass. the seulptor will immortalise aim in marble, the dramatist will place him upon the mimic stage, the historian will delight hi dwelling upon a character so strong, eo noble, so simple and so good as that of tide man in tbe red shirt Ho will go down to posterity •» a manferior race, aad they foreaoo that, when tbe Northern States obtain a great representative majority la the government, a roused bat blind conscience on the part of the Northern peopleout of the grand scheme of Italian unity, VictorEmanuel and his Minister are entitled to a de-gree af credit almost as great as that which todue to Garibaldi himself. The seizure of Um- the homo government These remonstrances brta and the Marches, and the speech delivered were unheeded, and the commanders of BritishBOWear teTJsMrua, mmmm^mmmm.% may impel it to commit the same great injus- tice to the weaker Southern States that a blindvious to tbe Warsaw conference, they might have provoked Austria to assume the offensive- with a fair chance of being backed by Russiahis authority to Victor Emanuel amply com-English statesmen—Pitt, Colonel Barre and ana marble strusture specially erected for tbe other clear headed men—endeavored to stay the purpose, and that of the French and Flemishcoming storm, but without effect The King and his nearest advisers looked upon the colonies as naughty children, to be chasttoed into submission. It must be re- membered that up to this time the idea of sepa ration from tbe crown was not entertained by any considerable number of persons in tbe colonies. There had been riots at Boston, andschools at Goupil's.art, from its earliest Christian developementfitting greatly native art. It is natural that it does Garibaldi abandon bis red shirt for a with it, which will render French interference ple of the great historical fact that under con- should do so. Competition operates as an in- gaudy uDiiorm, covered with embroidery, and as sore a blister as ever to the Italian people stitutional governments the minority is never centive to ambition in this as in every stars, and ribbons, and all sorts of staff andpoleon seems to have designs in connectionTan HBRALOANDTOEPANIC-Iftheenemies of the Nxw YOBK HKKALD are to be believed,IO weak as to bo utterly contemptible. And if other pursuit The more good works our art- Dcnsente? No. He knows better than that; welook at theattitudeof thaSouthernStates totssee, thebettertheywillpaint;andthemore beisstill G.Garibaldi,a soldier fighting forCharieston. Angola, Trenton and Pittsburg soughtrelief yesterday in a suspension of specie pay- tion should be constituted. Already, since themeats. Th Legislature of North Car >itm yester- PresideniiaL^Iection, there has been an im- it is mora powerful as an engine of mischief colonies ninety years ago, we may discover a more tbe public will appreciate genius, native uad we may find Urn at work in hto vineyards day legalised tbe suspension of the banks in that mense revolution in public opinion, aad this than all the rascally politicians, speculators, valuable warning to tbe black republican jour- as well as foreign. Tbe proof of tins is to be at Capri; but there is no obscurity for Mm. State. revolution will steadily extend as coming stock jobbers and despotisms of the world Qsnfstoj who are doing their best to drive toe found in the fact that there is scarcely a Tbe man with the red shirt cannot hide himselfTbe President and Vice President elect held a •vents developo themselves. It is evident that combined. Whether tbis ptrty or that party to cotton States into open rebellion. painter of any merit amongst aa wbo away; he belongs to the world The red shirt leveeatChicagoyesterday.Somethreethou-theSouthisearnestinitsalarm;and,except-defeatedlaagreatorasmallelection,ittothe ThecausewhichledtoourWarofIndepen-tonotintbeenjoymentofafairincome.Somewillgodowntoposteritywiththeboundrouge, sand petaeas peed their respects to them. ing the fanatics, the disposition of all men HKKALD that hat done the work, either by sup- dence was indeed trivial compared with that such as Church. Keneatt, Daraad, Huntington, and even our own dandies may be obliged toA strong southeasterly storm prevailed last night. is towards peace and its guarantees. This porting or opposing the defeated party. If, which Cur Southern brethren have for dissatis- Elliott and Gignoul enjoy, socially as well as assume i t or else be out of tbe fashion WhatBetween aane aad ten o'clock a portion of the roof has sweat away all old party distinc- from bank inflations, excessive stock jobbing, faction. Our forefathers did not go to war pecuniarily, positions quit? aa enviable as will the codfish aristocracy, which turns op its of Firemen's Hail, Mercer street, was carried tions and organizations. There is now kite flying speculations, back and stock embez- with George tbe Third because they objectedaway. There were also several trees destroyed in no democratic party. North or South, and zlements and forgeries, and universal stock to paying a few pence duty on their tea and those of tbe leading European artiste. Tbe I eatnty nose at the firemen, think of being oom-Washington squire and toe Park. A house in Sul- gambling and extravagance, a financial revul- aggregate amount earned yearly by our New I pelted to adopjt their uniform. The bare poeai-livan street was partly unroofed, and a chimney within six months there will be no black re- sugar. They took op arms upon a matter of York painters speaks well for the *—'' " » ! « » * » • " » — * - »--"— ^ - L ^ „ hility of the thing makes us shudder; hot theymay as well be prepared for the worstTHE RiiTBBiUtcCaK Paarr AX» tax Socraia* years. We have been endeavoring to present it 1882, this Impending crisis of 1860. The re- considering toe educational facilities in art DISUNION Lxmxuxsr- Some of the republican and extending it from Chatham atreet to the inter- now exist Therefore, In calling a National to our readers In its true character, extent and publican leaders have declared, over and over which are now being afforded us by private en- party ore laboring to dear it ot tbe responsibility section of Canal aad Mulberry streets. Two re- Convention, Congress should determine that threatened consequences, when, lo and behold! again, that the election of Lincoln would be terprise, this amount will be quadrupled Peo for this existing Southern revolutionary agitavMown down la Bleecker street.A meeting of tbe Councilmen'a Committee onpublican party In the North. Bat the State sion comes upon tha country, the Nxw TORX principle, to resist the encroachments of an in- ana governments in the North were elected before HXBALD has done it all. We have now to meet solent majority and tbe tyranny of unfriendly liberality of our mercantile aristocracy It cer- these political organizations were broken up, the stern demands of a political crisis, whtoh legislation. The South stands in a similar atti- tainly to not less (ban $300;000, and very pro-Btreete took place yesterday to bear parties insetorence to tbe hackneyed eubject of widening and hence they form an expression of an old has been gradually coming upon us for many tude. It Is not a mere tariff matter, as in bably exceeds that sum. In five years more,Catherine atreet twenty feet on tbe western side,state of the public mind which does notmonstrances, signed by about oae hundred persons, thcHwuLDbas created a panic In tha tame the commencement of the •'irrepressible con- pie who own fine houses are beginning to under- ion by ohargiig it all to the sectional electionwere presented, in opposition to the petition favor- the delegates to it shall bo elected by popularleg tbe measure. Maay parties were] heard on vote in each Congressional district, and not by way we were charged with creating the panics flict," the issue of which Is to decide tbe great stand that a good picture Is a greater evidence eericg policy ot the democratic party for the lastboth sties of the oueatioa, aad the committee ad- the S tote Legislatures. By this means wa shall and explosions of 1837 and 1857, when we question as to free and slave labor. The oot- of taste and cultivation than fine furniture, or "ur years. Thus it u *aid that the democraticjourned, promising to report at their earliest obtain in that body a true expression of the had no more to do with either of them ton States cannot go on without slave labor. than gaudily decorated apartments. orators and democratic presses have dinned it opportunity. public mind after the existing evils had become than a chip passenger baa to do with a The moment that their present system Is broken It to ourious that whilst private enterpriae to uto the ears of the Southern people from dayThe OsatraJ Park IsTeattgattng Committee met developed aad apparent; while, if the election destructive «torm of which he has given up, ruin and desolation await them. The do- doing so much for art, the National Academy oday. week to week, month to month, aad gato yesterday at the Aitor House. Mr. Julius of delegates is left to the State Legislatures, warning from tome knowledge of the signs fiant attitude of the black republican party ex should exhibit such Utile interest in the rom year to year, that the abolition of slavery er,OvAEngineer,presentedareporttheConventionwillrepresentthepublicopinionintbesky.Butletusallbecomforted.TbeasperatestheSouthbeyondmeasure.IttonotgeneralmovementIttocontentyearafterrootandbranch,peaceorwar,hasbeentheof tbe Park. Ssveial witnesses as It was before the results of the recent Presi- Chevalier Webb, a Wall street financier, who the mere matter of money that agitates tbe year, to hold Its exhibitions in the dingy roomssole capital and object of the republican move- dential election were known. Since that day obtained one diploma from the old United South. The large landed proprietors know In Tenth street—to occupy a place on the walls ment- that every republican is aa ahjolitirrnist, we have lived half a century of political life States Bank and another from the general very well that the effect pf black republican of which is considered by artiste, of repute ae &&., and that all attempts to disabuse tbe bankruptlawof1841,tellsasthattbis"panic rocossessattheNorthtotoencourageabolition equivalenttoentombment Thelessongiven SouternmkdoftimesmtorwpreeenkttioashaveIs dead,'' that -the political and pro slavery emissaries, who stir op the slaves to rebellion. the committee by Elliot last Mason should been cut off by the rigid exclusion of any voice •ilka aai velvets, toe proceeds of a burglary en Tint Tawr or THE •' IRBXPRES-IBLE CON- mongrel died on Wednesday,at five P.M.," And there are many prudent and sagacious have shamed them Into taking steps to remedy hi a jost defence of tbe principles aad purpose* ot Henry Trowbridge A C<K The vet- n j c r . » - ! n e Idea of Mr. Lincoln and of Mr and that on Thursday "his funeral was one men In the South who have made up their the complalnta caused by the crowded oondition of the republican party. Hence the people efAn account of their testimony and »*a report wul be iounl eiaewiwre.°*aeral Sessions yesterday Levy, a jeweller In Chatham a'reet. was convicted of receiving tt,5Q0 worth ofanddevelopement. /the party to tbe alleged adultery with the at. was again placed oa the stand, where nearly the whole day. Borne of theTM* <•"•# proaching South Carolina State Convention. can find warrant for their course in the action raise a fund sufficient to erect a building equalrepublican party, the speeches of its leaden and orators, in and out of Congress, tbe opin- ions and arguments of tta principal newspa- per! daring tbe last four years, have been very widely circulated among tbe Southern peo-'sue-by making ail the States free States Oava States, to the test question of this » can ail see now that Mr. LincolnThis is good news; and it most bo conceded •JJ ^ ho assumed as the platform of the next Ibat the late combined movement of our city administration (and as yet we are without banks for tbe relief of the money market has evidence to the oontrary), the very best thingwould plase them in a location where neither of these inconveniences would be felt, and where they could oonoentrate under one roofcf tbe question, were prepared, with tbe news of Lincoln's elation, to believe the South In danger, and nonce this Southern disunion ex-to-day and compare it with tbe position of theextended the opportunities of comparison, the Italy and wearing a red shirt Another year,Baaari, that this Union can only hbae par- which produced vary general rejoicing." minds that If the doctrines of the Helper book and bad light of their rooms. A little exertion toe South, having heard only the democratic sideby toe•ffS/pis beginning to excite Htos Fanny i report of theiv was feaataed at rt*anient to which t a » a.., •»—hoth wrong—that the done much good. We hope that the worst is tbut they can do is to prepare them- their library and private collection of portraits, citement ' , b« perpetuated by tbe recogui- b U f t w tt te selves to protect their Uvea and property, now huddled away in a small house in Thlr-of slavery In toe slave °a?«' ^ 5* * J* «»»• We foenth street They poetess at present about There to some plausibility In this de- shall not feel perfectly safe until wo shall have «dt as tbe first step toward that end, •ixty thousand dollars of funded capital; and fence ; but, toot to the test, it will not-»»•»• eg the constitutional •afbly passed the secession ordeal of th« ap- to organize an independent government Tbey with this to go to work upon, they might soon hold water. The official proceedings of theIf wo tan hold that fiery aad warlike Statehack a Uttia, all will bo well. In the meantimeof the fathers of tbe republic. Like the men ofto their requirements. If each member o f the Academy, for Inttonoe, would paint one import-1760-177g, the people of the Sooth have notaletiito of tbe evHeaos are too rerottiag forpabH. i<?ea of his, that "a house divided smabaalaalte ravengc or to tha Hanita, fed tha republican heen in haste. The secession party in the Gulf ant picture in aid of the fond, taking two ration.Anattempttobeingmadetoprovethat cannotHand."Doesbenowroppc*,«.1TK party andV%organsaddress toemsetves Statesisnonewthing.Formorethantwelve yearstocompleteitin,sosanottointerfere!"» >f'i'i#feenrot-en.I>•tf^fean,whohasswornwemayweatherthis p»nic. Hardnatn#Vand[Aaty>old instead of charging tbis panic to mere partyna* ptrsoa Pr. Habaa mamfed was act Mrs. abolition or fall recognition of siavery* T earnestly to tbe pacification of tbe South, and years It has been growing in numbers, and with his other avocations, the sale of the whole ple. A sleepless vigilance has been maintained,jt**r<»atoy. bat a_a*r*1e •rwnaa, a ocmnaiiin of element la the Union entitled to protection toslnee 1860, the State rights organisation has' would produce all that is needed. We recom- and especially since tbe John Brown foray andmendtoesuggestiontotoeconsiderationofthe therepublicanpartymotament fortheuniver Issue tbe wrote count;y to very nations to heir **" do no g-v,d. Tbe crHi h too serious f rr pofmlatiem of tbe slave States Is larger than Paecutive Committee of tbe Academy. If tbev fb\ circulation of the H«!per book, against allnecessary to preserve tbe Union? rja^n y ^ fromMr.Lincoln.Untitled Documentbeen steadily increasing m gtrength Th*value of the foreign paintiogs exhibited hare» thousand years. And BOW, when ho to a u •.'-*•«* »»w«i*.ws.'w«i<h another worsen,t i »Un,t abuse applied to poUUcat adFers^Wv .u .. «..:'v -j.u*XM.ai for fcifimy, as wellwThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069. that of tie old thirteen; and «he obir*ally foel an inbred io the progress of a<*, itteachers and preachers of republican priuji-«h BQusanse.thirh T iwww.fultonhistory.com 