 f1ijL"from aa •tra- eea bar-d in be*-tho psrsoxong es of bcral M an * at-Land/£ CUT- *vio- >f ex-dlike stable tatore.' ,fcereel..*tj la, :i front light, m» of >bah^stion: lias is f Sen* irty isThe n and lat he Gixoa-a with sin* to euoet- il'ition rruins ices of ^ sadly ice for i to my rtions), s sadly rat theno, are ferenee e. from n error •with a aon ex-r.>ook is of old eacher,jrehive* Police, antand of Sep* ore the istorian •writer. as your nates of day for cidental >f a p r e -pmment* dy work nation; ud regu-of every, &» well Dviged in as, haveprint bysni member. >n andinfiu-\ the great . n permanent ; progressists, j *jrdinian an-{ Uf. are bussi r e n t e r s ; ,rt accounts^ t has been*LiW^ J"0*:7 j. The firstcomposed ofutstht-cofldl" ud of the va- j^Conquest; ; sation of the *htfaatofti»;,la <liscus8» 'wrbarous pe-; ssionofHogi »great v*InJj:; till men, an* jii <|ttite h*1 rtie'j. V»&*1au<^ ana wm -•'"|"Cupids and flowers—a resource that never f tils'the designer. And on the whole, this room, which might have been an attractive and beautiful feature of the jCapitol, ia without originality in conception, or merit in execution.scene, with portraits from life of the men. engaged in it, and in the costume of the period; and when corn- pared with historical paintings in Europe of that, or an earlier time, when men wore breeches, the skill of the artist is evident in the management of the point which Mr. Randolph succeeded in making ridiculous.The oxygen jof the air appeared in this process,first, to produce the combustion of the carbon con-tained in the iron, and at the same time to oxidizethe silicon, jproducing'silicic arid, which, uniting withthe oxide off iron obtained by the combustion of a smallquantity of metallic iron, thus produced a fluid silicateof the oxide of iron,'or cinder, which was retained inthe vessel, {and- assisted in purifying the metal. Theincrease of temperature which the metal underwent,and which seemed so disproportionate to the quantityof carbon and iron consumed, was doubtless owing tothe favox-able circumstances under which'combustion' they fill every bay and creek with their prodigious took place, j j These circumstances appear to be the dif- numbers. They then paes through the British Channel, fusion of the combustible body throughout the mass, and then measurably disappear. The western column, and the absence of any " intercepting material to ab- after offering itself to the groat' stationary fisheries of sorb the heat generated, and to prevent its being theHcbrids, proceeds to'the north of Ireland,, where taken up by tb|emetal." In ten or twelve minutes the it again divides, surrounds the island, rejoicing andJersey and New-York Legislaturesj and strictly en- forced by the Supervisors of tho river counties, wo should again «ee the shad ascending our river in count- less numbers and offered for, sale at a price within the reach of aH our citizens. : v . • •Not long ago, the college came into the possession of a collection of coins, several hundred, which had'been the property of Mr. JohnB of Canandaigua. These have lately been arranged and classified, and various friends'of the college have added to the number. The most important of these gifts, in respect of numbers,"S *•1i•; i.**twenty thousand eggs to a mature fish roe* ft ftrowh French bjatoxy^and is imtiirafly an£ io uus- weed-work, by the absence of wainscoting, and Madrid of the iwnqucror• ofSani EI Dorado^ bringing; .fluid' malleable;irph or steel into;'a^founder's ladle, -limi toward the end of January, and coasting thence few'tajiy,,.of these,'properly natcnedi, wbhld nearly re-tekeJOTaconnectedrationamongthorninpiact* ly the lavish expenditureof colorinthemostflorid in bistrainCaptivekingsandqueens,andslavesbear- winchwas:attachedtothe,armofahydrauliccrane." eastward to "New-England,theydivideandpenetrate poptdajtethe/river. Thefavorftespawning>gipuncj»of^;*olwsfity,theconnectedelaJwificatioBofthe«>in irtyleuponeveryinchofplaster,partlyindistemper ingpreciouswj-selsofgoldandsilver,and.curious Toeveryoneconversantwiththecompositionand the.numeroushaysandriversofthe-coastforthepur- thesMdshouldbeascertained,andnonetsordistarb- rMsbook. The;ardorofh»politicalsentiments,is andpartlyinoil.Thedesignerveryproperlyreflected ftufisofnewWjxturo,,in^gorgeousdyes,thanthe propertiesofsteel,theseremarkscannotberegarded poseofdepositingtheirspawn..Thisinstinctofmi- anoeiBhouldbesufferedtoapproachthem. ,> rpnrified .by their, sincerity, and wanna hia eloquence that the introduction-of historical paintings would be end of the pUgic^hage of that homesick and wretched otj.erwhie than simply .absurd., Cast iron contains gration was given to the herrings that they might Tq||hpw how easily artificial propagation5 may* bo • -y < without vitiating his prou jty. 4j 'Strikinglatiag to prepared.he Con-banquet ARTin the same manner. As this kind of food is not found in our rivers or fresh waters in any abundance, i t i s evident that the fish do not ascend the rivers in search of a more abundant supply of nourishnjent.The shad, as most New-Yorkers well know, makes . its first appearance at the mouth of tho Hudson River in the Spring, varying in date from th^ 7th to the 27thg»'d upon r Lamar- ;ver took>i#. You lions, one »$, where sat* (min- pti#m) ;a- me garret Kue Yau-ate senti- imagina- peacients •re never f :hv iiut?re* of the r*-inarka- 5 coloring ctiraotiv©-unpositionm France,n writing i« facts of ii«notso rs of those invention, >, thinking it to make epudiating aoderu lih- -those who fortunately ditive, eon-pa will be j argument thus: The i of old in Revolutionprinciples ipraent was ;re bungles, id present, iy." If thehave done 1 uptedtqbe ft on a eom- olutions are f they alwaysThis comes j evolution at >usideration *1 tplesforthe SJSmay boasf our author I eloquence modern re-ATWASHINGTON.from the ocean, about three weeks afteirward. It, how-v• ir.r> i^iiriniii. inlurf r » l.im ••„:«<*i<m**^\*^pl^j^4t*<*&v»>*<+>***.'***>t**;s4«J****++&>sr*^'^^ ^*+r/-'r +*^'*^******&*><<U.v''#~'*-«**<tfc*/Ji^r»^A.*.mmI860.•e!f-gen«Tftting of his M fecta of Hberfj," M»tl{eT«d j outraged by the use of painted pine in the tetter befit ^fjtriutapnant entry into the gtreotf* of the 'v?6rIcia*ienrmOved!%eVs'B^i''W.'nasi^ pour ont the wejrterly'course; strike the coast'df Georgia andCaroc)A hew volnme of Michelet's Histoite de France is appropriate in a room devoted to the use of the Chief I and.. * The ^mbarkation of the Pilgrims' '• is better from three and a half to five per cent' of carboii—steel deposit it in warm waters,-that would mature and carried^ on, the following instance 'will suffices InSibHshed this day. The general title is Loms It* * la Revocation de VEditdeWastes. The sixteenth and last volume of the foartb and " de-finitiver edition of Henri Martin's Hhaoire de Franceis now out of press. TO say.that it com- pletes -file un<rac*ticnably best general history of Prance from tbe be^ning down to the meeting of. the National AseemWy, is only to reiterate t h e ^ w diet,of-sincere,enlhihtenedcriticsofallparties. "What is new andwuly important is that it is ac- conipanied oy-a unifbrm volume, entirely filled with an aSan-aoly-cotnptete index—a very model of eA- eelh^coinits useiul kind. M. Louis de Viel-Cas- tel has jus* put forth the first two of bis purposed eight octavos, entitled VHistrirt de la Restauration ; not a ipeciafly' retnarkable production. Shrewd, tough, old Ulysses, Dupin has given to the world the third Volume of his Memoiresy telling as whaths- chooses to -remember of general politi—\ cal affairs and of his ' own parliamentary experiences, from 1832 to 1839. The Campagnc<fifirffe by Barancoart, the official chronicler ofthe Crimean war, presents the history of the Ital-Magistrate, and be choee accordingly, by what rule of in conception, and not ep-faite in treatment. It tcpre- from one and a half to two per cent.' It is one of the vivify it more assuredly than those of the frozen zonel Apriij^ 1856,millions of the young fry of the white flsh-MOKE MURAL DECORATION—PAINTINGS. commenting was begun in the National Capi-cost of the crucibles, the best blue or graphite pots,which is a serious obstacle in the success of the opera- ever, is not caught in any numbers until the third week[Article Thrco.]The room of the Committee on Agriculture wfls, we heBeve, the first decorated in the style on which wc have been commenting, and on its approval or disap- proval depended whether work of this sort should be eontinned. Unfortunately no objection was made to it; probably it occurred to nobody that mural decora-tion after this manner would be ao lavishly used where a strict adherence to the rule* of good ta*te apd ap- propriatenesn of design was so imperatively demanded. It is remarkable that no one having authority or influ- ence should have suggested, when the apartment waspresented as a finished specimen of what so many ot&ers were to be, that painted pine doors, and pine -window-frames, and' pine shutters were a cheap and improper substitute in such a building as the Capitol for heavier wood in its own color; that walls of plas- ter in such a place- should be protected with wain- scot of sufficient bight; and that projecting angles of plaster, as in pilasters, should never he without a bead, «£wood,'metal,or stone,ustheyare al?;we believe, in every part of the edifice, without exception. How- ever, nobody did, we suppose, object or suggest any of those things; and this room especially has'beeu proudly shown as a model of beauty in execution and fitness of design, and many honestly believe it to be so. Nowwere it, in the first place, finished in wood or marblein the points to which we have just alluded, it | mightnot be improper, considering its use, and that Agricul-ture is not one of the departments of Government re-spiring the constant consideration of a Committee inperpetual session, to admit here something mo: e than.have been sold at ten dollars a hundred; In other sea- sons, from some unknown cause, it is less plenty, and cannot be had at less' than twenty-five dollars a hund-RECENTIMPORTANT GIFTS TO YALEl COLLEGE.ordinary decoration. But if done at all, it should be of J^gredeceeeors which the Pope desired should bedone well, in the exercise of an acute judgment and deaU^ed. Among them the artist recognized thosesevere taste. Instead, we have at each end two paint- of Id* old master Perugino, to destroy which, he said,bility of getting rid of the phosphorus and sulphurpresent in most pig irons, and which seriously injurethe malleable iron and steel prepared from them. Re-verse the ocean, visiting the shores of Europe in their progress, are on their annual journey to the American coast, in the creeks and rivers of which they find theirfish, from the. various enemies which pursue them, only one hundred young are produced,'which reach the sea, and that three-quarters ofthese again are devoured by other fish in the ocean, it will be seen that one fish out of twenty-five nvust escape the nets, in order to heep up the usual run of ehad in each year. The eggs of fish are greedily devoured by a host of different aquatic animals, all seeking eagerly to obtain ao delicate an article of food; Other fish, frogs, and salamauders, perhaps tortoises idso, and aquatic insects, crayfish, and even water birds, all make sad havoc among the fresh- dropped eggs or the newly hatched fry of the shad, so that it seems even marvelous that a single fish shouldgift of^5,000. -AJ o t of-land, in a retired and elevated position,about a mile north of the College buildings, beyond. " SaChfem's Wood," has been presented to the College/ by the!heirs of the late James A. Hillhouso, as a sitefor an [Astronomical Observatory.The; College Library has likewise been the recipient ofseveral valuable gifts. Amongthem may be mentioned three*1folio volumes, handsomely bound, containing the correspondence between "Wm. C. Redfield, esq., the distinguished American meteorologist, and his friend Col. Wm. Reed (afterward Sir Wm. Reed), Governor of Bermuda and Malta, the author of "The Law of^ Storms," and various important contributions to our knowledge of the atmospheric-'currents. This corre- spondence extended through a period of about twenty ycargj till it was terminated by Mr. Redfield's dcathv Col; |{eed survived him but a few mouths. The auto- graph letters of the eminent Englishman and the copies of Mr. Redfield's letters, carefully made from h"a ownings in fresco, one of Cincinnatus refusing to le; ive his plow at the call of his country, and the other of Gen. Putnam, who consented. Jt is not easy to understand the idea of tbe artist, if he had any. Are pefce and agriculture better than war, and therefore Cincinnatus right and Putnam wrong, and the old days better than the new 7 Or is W;ar better than peace and agricul- Sore, and Putnam right and the Roman wrong? It. aeems to have been considered enough if eachipicturehad a plow in it, no more significant illustration ofagriculture occurring to the designer than these twowell-known historical incidents, which only show thatwould be a violation of his own conscience, and awrong done to the History of Art. Some of the pic-tures in the Rotunda of the Capitol are valuable for asort was therefore had to the best kinds of Swedish pig favorite spawning ground. Tho herring is a fish of iron, whichi are made .from the purest ores, and the passage. It follows one annnal'route in the sea, shift-capacities ofj the \ hematite mines of England are dis- ing its climate with the sun, and it is the same schoolwhich iB found at one time in Great Britain, and at another in America. There is no visible difference inever they are meant to be, with which the portrdts are (surrounded. The intervening spaces are fihVd with cism. Its value consists' 4n its being an actuali ' i •A similar room was-made for a Committee on Horti- But even were it otherwise, that would hardly detractsurface/ In line weather they reflect, a; variety of. by a map. of such width as may be most proper for the has presented nearly 500 coins, a large part of them of gorgeous colors, like* a, field of precious gems. At the various depths of the river in its course from Albany- silver, including many rare and beautiful specimens.<akare. The room itself is well enough—as rooms go in the Capitol~and is as bright and as mairy-colored as a nosegay; but unhappily Congress has no Committee on Mbrtkuknre f«r its occupation. It has been turned over accordingly | b the Committee on the Distri ct, andfrom its value as a true representation of an event of so much interest and importance in the history of the country, and as a woik of reference for future artists.The other pictures by Trumbull have less value'asworks of art, but possess something of the same meritShetland Isles one wing, takes to the east, and tho other to the western shores of Great Britain, wheredown, and no set or seine nets should be allowed inside This donation comprises bothancient and modern coins', ci it without incurring a reasonable penalty. froma great number of different Governments, AsiaticSecondly-r .Nonets shouId be allowed to be set until as'well as European and American. Mr. Fisk F . the iith of April. \" :* Brewer, who is well versed in such studies, has charge*Thirdly: 'All nets to be taken up after the 1st of of. the arrangement and custody of the numismatic June. collection of the college, which is deposited in the M-the gentlemen who have in charge the affair* of the as historical works. Others by other and later artists,ten miles square sit enshrined in this gay power,Cherubs and Cupids crowning their reverend headswith garlands, and tantalizing tbem with the siiniiucraof all manner of .luscious fruits for ever and ever; or—to change the figure—they buzz like bees among those"bright daisies and daffodillies while thrusting tin :ir Jong the Mississippi'*!* striking for its brilliancy of color,oSQs into the national store of honey. but it is a merit which unfortunately docs not belong'choice we know not, to fix upon the walls the portraits It is not from a deficiency of food that they thus set *ents the Pilgrims on their departure from Holland, and most difficult chemical problems to. determine what thoof Columbus, Amcricus Vcppueius, Drewster, Frank- ie nnquceticnahly'correct in costume, and veritable in proportion is in any iron.' This statement assumes' that themselves in motion, for they reach the British islands lin, Washington, and some of the members of his Cabi- a certain air of aernness and simplicitywhich belonged the exact quantity is khowm in the" charge, and from full of fat, and on their return northward from their net, Knox, Hamilton, Jefferson, Randolph, and Os- to those brave men and women. It is well drawn, and this the .exact amount of air • required to consume it is spawning ground are universally observed to be lean good. Beside these, in the ceiling are allegorical, rep- the figures wellrgroupcd, hut, unless the light of the determined. .It then assumes' that aM. the oxygen in and miserable.-After spawning, the herrings move off resentations of Liberty, the Executive, Legislation,(which is of the salmon tribe) were seen around tho *;«U «*. gandusky, on Lake Erie,, and this unusual ?ap-was only to be accounted for by the fact that tmbers! of thesefishhad been cleaned on these Autumn previous, and the offal thrown into- : jpoxat of viewx with commendable fairness and [ful-ness. • The1 second and concluding volume contains, liant apotheosis, they will marvel at these inscriptions2*apoleon and the JEmperor of Austria, at Verona, purposes to which their lives were devoted in the es- by the process of'Bessemer, which four years since ex-The oxidation of the iron is passed oyer as a matter ring has so diminished that it is nowdess, on the Con-ratiocination which distinguishes our countrymen, that the cost of the interior decoration had been not lessaccomplish by a" very economical and simple process, purification of the iron from sulphur and phosphoruB,there have been two soldiers who were also tanners.""Jthe frescoes of the ceiling betray the same meagerness pendence.*' Precisely what its merits or its demerits were above!! the surface of the metal. As soon as ther! ij• i-i- i1miof invention. They represent tbe four seasons, and are as a painting may be, it is' difficult to tell in the posi- whole charge was run in, the vessel was moved on its no better than- may be found in any Well-ilk strated tion and nnder the light in which* it is now seen. Nor axes, so as to bring the tuyeres below the level of themetal, wheni the process was at once brought into full activity, undjtwehty small though powerful jets of air«, as old ana**? trusive; but the medallion portraits of Washington and Randolph called it "the shin-piece." If shin-piece had sprung upwjard-tthrough the fluid mass; the air, ex- sof/89, tt \ Jefferson, painted in imitation of basso-relievo, are not happened to have struck his fancy," he might have panding in volume, divided itself into globules or burst jjjrewnthiia . j juade unmeaning, undignified, and absurd by i, crowd called it "head-piece," which would have been quite violently" upward, carrying with it a large' quantity of ai pamphlet- I of ilouris, or Hebes, or Cupids, or Cherubs, oi what- as significant and much more true. Mr. Ran- the fluid metjd, which again fell back into the boiling to the schoolis it a matter of much moment, as its value is quite in-' .aught hav«4 less objectionable, bat chiefly because they are less ob- dependent of its character as a mere painting. Johnrell as thoseAlmanac. Two small pictures of a hnrvcK-lkjld aredolph's sarcasm was, in fact, a pointless witti- mass below; i .":{.of which happily there are only four, are purely im- aginative compositions, and it is not of much conse- quence what may become of them, though till some- thing better takes their places they will probably cover the space they^now occupy. " De Soto,discoveringFourthly: Nonets to be used of a smaller mesh than brary building. Additional gifts, of a largor or a"»''.;• .•;-.'•'•'the &•>•' '••[V.H'I*•''•*.i-x-f'f\f't•*•';•,.•'.i.••;••>..,-•''**'*•'/'•'*• vS'-t'../•.'..'-.••>.' A.Untitled Documentaaaee« ..Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069. ,-.V*«yr7.'^www.fultonhistory.comi •>.,i........Nett-Ua vev, Moy 14,l«t*>.il'1•vi•v'i ki•'••.;!.-...'••*,~x-i'<.yd'y>-f ••'••'• >:t ~;m it' JW«4/Rotunda deceives us, the artist has committed the sin- the air introduced is applied to the combustion of theto the Arctic Beas, leaving the young shoals in there. The roes and milt had thus been placed in % tieconditionsfortheproductionoftheyoungandReligion';andCherubs,asusual,areflyingabout gularerrorofportrayinganeventwhichtookplacein carbon,-,makingnoaccountofthatwhichcombines riverswheretheywerehatched. Herethelatterre-in evfery direction. As some of these portraits are cer- broad day, and oh the deck of a ship, in shadows and col- with portions of the iron—a combination which.to some main during the Summer, hut disappear during tholis mode of proceeding might be imitated with roes this very season in the North River.tainly not those which are acknowledged to, .be the best of the persons they represent, and as the meaning of the allegorical design is by no means always ap- parent, here, as everywhere else, painted beneath theors as dark ah 3j glpomy. as those pervading adimly- extent.the author has already admitted] takes place; lighted room. Iti the two other large paintings, the and also*"assumes that none of the oxygen escapes un-combined with carbon> which is very likely to occur,Autumn, and rejoin their parents:The iish was unknown to the ancients, being rarely, if ever, found in the waters of the Mediterranean. Yet, the adventurous Dutch engaged in the fishery as*.***,rosy young woman of the flowing robes who repre descent. sents Law should not be the Executive, or why shewho is called the^Executive should not be Religion. If SCIENCE,INpUSTRY, ANDwhen the effect is to he nicely adjusted to leaving un- enabling distant communities to use fish as food. All Chapter 384 ofthe Laws of the State of New-York— f? - consumed in the mass of metal an amount of carbon Europe was at that time Romanist, and fish became an.act entitled " A n act for the Preservation of Moose,' **^ INVENTION. not varying one-quarter or one-half .per. cent from the ihc great article of consumption among millions dur- " Wild JDeer, Birds, and Fish." By the. 1st section ^the ghosts of the venerable men whose portraits cover ' the walls ever visit this scene of. their gay and bril-of thi» law, to kill—nay, to pursue with intent to kill—a fawn, or the fawn^s mother.or father, or a moose, during jthe months of 'January, February, March, & ? April,' May,.June, and July, or to. have in a hunter's possession a green skin of a deer, or a ham of venison US.' or venison steaks, between the 10th day of Februaryand the ;31at day of July, is an oflbnse-punishable by afine of| ^525 for every moose and deer to murdered, and every green skin and venison bam or steak so held in .. lawle^jand:unsportsmanlike possession.j ,j By the second section of this act, a penalty of | k i e £ imposed upon themisdemeanor of killing, or having in ^ $ p068CJesSoh, or exposing to sale, woodcock, between- — Jan. 1 and July 4; of so abusing partridges, and the expecta'tionofpartridges,betweenJan.15andSept. % 1; \ tbe * same of quails between Jan. 1 and Oct. 15;"Landing of Columbus," and the " Baptism of Pocha- hontas," there are no redeeming points. Wo could haveIn aSucceeding paper the history of the migrations :? *# of tho shad as far as known will be given, with some .:'.or it may comlftie in the form of'carbonic*oxide as wellsubject., is an explanatory inscription. Though the ef- forgiven Mr. Randolph. any sarcasm with which,he as carbonic acid.* These uncertainties are fatal to any "early as 1164, and pushed it to prodigious extent. Itdetails on others of the herring family.. B.fect is ludicrous, the purpose is praiseworthy, fpi* the might have visited, had he ever seen it,- such treatment attempts at exact dosing of the quantity of oxygento is to them the world is indebted for . the. invention ofPROTECT THE BIRDS AND FISH. • Mnh- -'unlearned spectator—or the spectator whether learned as has been bestowed in the last of these two-pictures,or unlearned—would be at a loss to conjecture why the upon the Princejes from whom he*was proud to claim carbon, (even if these could be given with accuracy),' It gave an immense impetus to the fishing interest,-byli.&cem-Mproportion required; for a greater variation than this ing Lent; The Hutch, in. .consequence of this discov- BESSEMER'S IRON AND STEEL PROCESS. would render it uncertain, when the founder poured ery, long^man^lained the ascendancy in fishing. But The Franklin Institute Journal for March,1860, con- outt n e metal, whether he had obtained malleable iron since the Reformation, and the. general lax observance a detailed account of the interview between Prince intended to teach the rising generations that the grave tains a paper;upon the manufacture of iron.ahd steel vor steel. . • . > ' of Lent in.RomiBh:'countriesy'the: [consumption of her-ian campagn, of course from the French officialwhere the most of the stipulations of ViUafrajnca tablishment of Liberty, Religion, and Law, could cited so much! .interest among scientific metallurgists. of very little consequence in this process, though made tinent, than in the jfourteenth century. .Charles V. re-•were explained, darned a n 4 settled. It is very be most properly typified by these plump This paper wasiead May 24,1859, before the institu- of so much account in the, puddling. It is affirmed that garded the inventor of salted herrings as a public ben-curious, interesting, and, if true, as it probabrj| is, and blushing, not to say voluptuous, young tion of Civil Engineers, and is given without-comment, the oxide of iron produced is small in quantity, and efactor. Etc> visited his; grave^and ordered a" magnifyproves that many of the assertions made b£ an maidens," reclining upon damp clouds, surrounded, as extracted fronilThe London Artisan of Jnly last, to combines with the silica in the iron, forming a fusi- icent monument to be erected to his memory. ButAustrian narrator of the circumstances of the ViUa- some' of them, by large families of babies. We which itis credited. A process for which so much ia frauca. Treaty were simply false. What makes[ thedifference between the'two accounts worthy oJ at- trust, however, we are not hypercritical /in sug- claimed in the ariicle, when presented to the American tention is, that the Austrian'teUer of the story, De- gesting with due. soberness that a somewhat dif- public, might well, in a scientific journal, have beenble slag, which is separated as the. liquid product ia history has failed to preserve the memory, of him whohranz, must have spoken by authority, if no; of ferent style of decoration would have been more ap- 7 Francis Joseph himself, at least by authority of F. propriate in a room to be only occasionally occupiedJ.'snextfriends."Correspondaiicedepuffon,pa:"tof bytheChiefMagistrateoftheState,andthatwhat-which is here published tor the first time,'with notesby Xadault, Buffofi> great grand-nephew, (2 v>ls.,8vo.): Vie du R. P. Xacier de Ravignan,a fife of the distinguished father Kavig-nan, by Father de Poulevoy, a brother J< suit(2 vols., 8vo.); Les Litres des Miracles tt aitres dinary colored photograph. This gilded saloon, bril- firm of Daniel jElistrand & Co. of Edsken; and otherthat may be present; for if an excess is produced, it isnot apparent how this is to he got rid of, nor why itshouldnotproveequallydetrimentalwiththatpro-THE SHAD AND ITS: • " " • '•centuries preceding the Christian era; by Michel the private Bupper-room of some magnificent establish-it in their steel! wprks, and were about doing so at the interested, the combustion of three or four pounds of. £ ons. Many other fish approach our coasts also for the villainyj.of snaring or trapping quail and grouse, with : blast furnaces in the Landes. In the south of France carbon should not merely keep in fusion, but throw same purpose, but, do not ascend our rivers like tho a fine of $10—for guarding the blue bird, oriole,,also it was to'he! tried; and in Sardinia and Belgium into most violent boiling action, about 100 pounds'of. salmon and the shad, which appear to make the most finch, thrush, lark, sparrow, wren, martin, swallow,Nicolas <1 vol., $?0.); Histoire Pkysupte, Econ- ment devoted to the pleasures of the senses, as for the omiquc, et^PoUtioue de Paraguay, tic., physical,preparations wei-e making for working the system. metal—an effect which can hardly be regarded within strenuous exertions to reach the actual head of naviga-Russia had sent to London an engineer and pro-fessor of Chemistry to report upon it, and Prof. Miiller able the circumstances under which the combustion' The shad,, however, passes dp our rivers to a higherrobin, bobolink, nightingale, woodpecker, and even r the night hawk, against guns, cages and traps-with \ rigid half-dollar penalties—for your merciful extension . of $.r> penalties over each 'the smallest speckled trout (brook or river}, lake trout.salmon trout and the impe- rial muscalonge during the montbsand times in the act aforesaid mentioned—penalties which will blister • anglers] fish dealers and fish-eaters. '"W e thank the Legislature for " squelching" the in- t human!and wasteful offense of catching fish in the' fresh waters of this State, by hook, by crook, and by net, during the months of December, January, and. "J February—and we feel greateful to that generous ,- spirit of true sportsmanship, which has induced a ' number of the young gentlemen of this city to organ-ize themselves into a Club to enforce the provisions of . this game law within the County of New-York. Wijl the young idlers or blackguards who own, borrow, or steal firearms, and persecute birds. out of eeason unto death, and the dealers in game out of season, take timely notice that a true Bportsman and Bharp lawyer, I Charles E. Whitehead, the Secretary of the New-"' York Sportsmen's Club, will have a sharp eye upon the violation of this humane statdte, and will make it both unpleasant and unprofitable as far a* he can, "Wo- solicit from all good citizens aid and encouragement to the New-Yoi^k Sportsmen's Club, and a special up- holding of .*#! Secretary'8 hands by timely informationand sufficient testimony,, --A ;;^ , .economical, and political history of Paraguay,Iand dignified use to which it is to be devoted. Its inap-the calorific power of the combustible, however favor- tion, and in the case of the salmon even go beyond it. of Vienna,*and Mi Dumas of Paris, had visited Swe- takes place. A loss of 12£ percent of metal in the fur-^ point than any other species of its tribe, attaining inof ithe Jesuit establishments there, by Alfred Demer- •ay, formerly charged with a scientific mission in South America (the first of two large volumes is published—the work will be completed by an atlas); I*s Chansons Populaires de la France, a large vol- ume of popular songs, collected from all parts of France, with literary notices and musical accompa- niments by competent bands, and profuse illustra- tive engravings, from designs by various artists; a carious book, that would be withal a fine ccnter- table ornamental book, if it were not for the esprit gatdois of too many of the songs^—esprit gaulois is a eupfruiRtic French synonym for excessive grosaness. Such is a part of the fist of the books notable for their worth in different kinds, issued from the Paris- iaa press since last February. There are yet sev- eraTothers deserving notice. Chiefest among them is La Verite surla Rmsic, by Prince Peter Dolgor- ouki. I t is making a veritable sensation among theHnssians here. If its revelations on the state oi Rus sia be but.halftrue, Czar Alexander need to iasten relbrms, ii" he would not be overtaken by the rovblu tion which the obstinate impolicy of his father, Czar Kicholas---fliatjexce8sively overrated godaster«—-haspropriatenees is rendered more striking if/one passes from.it to the withdrawing room of "the Senate. We enter here by massive doors of solid mahogany, and are glad to find refuge and repose in a'marble hall from the universal surroundings, everywhere else, of plaster and of paint. The walls are of marble; the ceiling is of marble, supported by a double row of fluted marble columns with capitals of the finest execution. A niche here and there admits of decoration by art in accord- ance with its general character, and will add, if works. of merit shall ever fill them, to the stately beauty of this noble apartment. W e do not mean to say that the President's Room should have been precisely like this, as the extent of the Capitol and the variety of purpose to which its different parts are devoted admit of great variety of treatment. Bnt the simple dignity and.fijiaste and severe beauty of the one is in very striking contrast with the gaudy, inappropriate, and meretri- cious character of the other, and of the unhappy at- tempts at art which are meant to adorn and illustrate it.But enough of this. Some years since a distinguished French architect visited this country to learn from ac- tual observation the progress its people had made in the Arts, and especially in that in which die took a professional interest. Happily it was before the work upon which, we. have beenden to inspect and report on the working of the new process. ': . Jl [jThe paper describes the method of manufacture and the results obtained in large masses of malleable iron and of steel, both of which, may be run out in a liquid state and received into molds of such objects as it is deferable to obtain in these materials. In this way boiler plates have been made of steel and also of mal- leable iron, the: plates being of unusual size and strength. A| cannon also of malleable iron had been made by casting, and the process was recommended as of immense importance to the governments of Europe in this application. Had these statements been pre- sented without a particular description of the process and the principles involved, they could not fail to keep alive the excitement which, the first announcement of the new operation created. But the article itself con- tains abundant evidence of the serious difficulties lying in tbe way of its successful adoption. •. nace,increased to 18 per cent in the finishing rolls, is the Hudson River a distance of one hundred and sev- admitted in one of the original papers of Mr. Bessemer, enty miles from the ocean It belongs to the divisionin which he-claims that by the puddling process the of fish called by mturalists Clupeidcc, from the clypei, loss is 28 per cent. Beside the loss by oxidation, what- or scaly shields on the abdomen. • To this, division be-?*!'"i &m im«wThe puddling process in the first part of the paper isaflirmed to he defective by reason of the surface oxida-tion of particles of iron throughout the mass, and a < propose to give in a succeeding article, it is the great of March, and reaching Poughkeepsie, spme eighty milesever portraits of the early discoverers of the~coirntry, withstanding' the.'statement in the paper referred to, or founders of our institutions, should be chosen to lend that the new process is rapidly extending itself over dignity to the place, they should all have had, as works Europe. It is stated that in Sweden several hundred of art, something more of merit than belongs to an or- tuns of excellent steel have been made by it by theduced in the puddling, process. Metallurgists are gen- stinct, approach our coasts at various seasons, seem toerally convinced.there is a large production of oxide of he in.search of a place of deposit for their eggs, whereaccompanied by, some remarks explaining why metal- lurgists entirely distrust the soundness of the operation foreconomicallyproducingironoi-steel,"andthisnot-opuscules de George Florent Gregoire, the se<ond liant with fanciful designs, its gorgeous walls reflected manufactories j have been started in their immediate evolved, which is far greater than that which the among theee; are the best known because the mostvolume of a careftdiy-reviewed edition of the curious on every side from'mirrors reaching from floor to ceil-books of miracles, etc., of Gregory of Tours, trans- ing, needs only that its actual portraits and its descrip/lated into French; Des Doctrines Religicuses \des tive inscriptions should' be painted out, to render itJiufs, religious doctrines of the Jews in the jfcwo quite as fit for the bridal state-room of a steamer, orbe admitted for the consumption of given portions of salted herring. The inventor^ Beukelson, died in 1397..•W't\' *We thank the Legislature that last adjourned for 'drawn off. This assumes, a nice adjustment of tho invented the smoked herring. • - . . amount of oxide of iron just sufficient for the silica•' . •ENEMIES.neighborhood. \ Jn France, too, the firm of James Jack- amount of carbon present can be considered capable of useful to man, who takes advantage of this natural in-Bpn cc Son, nqar Bordeaux, are said to have introduced producing. According to the representations of those stinct to capture them in large numbers at these sea- and evelry bird so killed—for punishing the sneakingmetallurgists. It is difficult to bedieve that any vessel subjected to the intense heat of melted iron almost or entirely decarbonized, and boiling with violence, can he- made to last through thirty or forty charges, and then be easily repaired or renewed. In the production of cast steel by melting with a carbonaceous flux pieces of malleable iron, a process of manufacture recently established in this country, an account of which wecoating of particles with. silicate of. oxide of iron'.These imperfections, the author states, are not wholly'removed in tho process of squeezing and hammering tion; and such we should, expect/would be the case in April, when it is sometimes so abundant that theytol. He was taken, however, to 'a private house and so far as they remain tbey injure the quality of the with the vessels employed in the Bessemer process.in this city—the owner thereof shall j be nameless— iron, and also of the steel that may afterward be made The next paper upon this subject will contain a de-where the style since employed at Washington had of this iron. || The extraordinary statements follow that scription of a new method of obtaining steel from pigbeen prefigured with lavish expenditure. He was the other malleable metals, " as gold, silver, copper, iron, recently invented in this city, which, promises to red in the hight of the season. It continues to becalled upon to observe and to admire, and to enhance zinc, tin, and lead, owe their valuable exemption from that admiration he was assured, with the not unusual the defects universally found in puddled iron simplyever^this may be, the effect of the intense, heat upon the iron is described by others as detrimental to the tenacity of the metal. . The paper, however, read before the Institution of Civil Engineers, claims for the product a greater tenacity than that of iron obtained by other methods.The account given of the durability of the vessels lined with " road drift," in which-the operation is con-long also the herring, the anchovy, the sardine, the sprat, and the white bait of Europe and the menhaden, the Fall shad, tbe alewife, the thread herring, and other small species of our .coasts... None of the fish of this division have conspicuous teeth, and some have not any at all. Their food consists of the smaller crus- tace.ous or crab-like animals which are found in vast numbers on the surface of the ocean in patches (float- ing and feeding, on still more minute organisms) andducted, must be received-with much incredulity by perhaps also swallowing the small jelly-fish which liveThe building formerly used by the Medical School in New-Haven was bought some time ago of the Medical to the fact,'.thati tbey were purified and refined in as well as the separation of any exact amount of car- men. It does not travel in compact schools or swarms, Department of the College, by Joseph E. Sheffield,a fluid state, and while stilLfluid were formed into bon required, without application of excessive h e a t -Jnd swims about mid-water between the surface, and esq., and presented again to the institution, for the use ottom, and rarely turning aside to avoid any obstacle of the Scientific Department, including the Schools of. o its free passage. From this peculiarity in its habits Chemistry, Agriculture, and Engineering. Within thelthan thirty thousand dollars. " Thirty thousand dol- ingots, wheW^T J9b» cohesion of every particle in the not even sufficient to melt the pig iron. lars!" exclaimed the Frenchman; " it is much money." mass was insured. If, then, the refining of otherHe was urged to give an opinion upon the merit of the work. M Ah !" he said, with an expressive shrug, "it is a great deal of money. But if your friend is rich I advise him to think no more of what he has lost, and whitewash his walls!*' We are a rich nation, and conld follow no better counsel in regard to the national dwelling-place at Washington.If the mural painting of the Capitol seems to have been done by the acre, there is a like reason for sup- posingthat thepainting upon canvaswas contracted lor by the rod. The country is fortunate that the con- tracts have not l>een large ones. . These works of art are all in the Rotunda, and consist of portraits of Pres-idents, and eight large historical paintings, or what are meant to be so. When the Capitol is fitly adorned with works of art, as, in due time, it is to be hoped it will be, some of these pictures will find their proper place, as they are valuable for their historical associa- tions. "K i n Raphael was invited- to Rome by Julius Ifc hft ^jnnd in tbe Sistine Chapel some of the. worksmalleable metals, * while in a fluid state, and theirformation into cast ingots rendered all such metalsmore sound and .'homogeneous than iron, while it didnot lessen their ductility, why should iron foreverremain an exception to the general rule T" j The ideais a novel one that tho'unoxidizablc metals are freefrom the defects incident to the most oxidizable metal,simply because they were not exposed to the sameoxidizing action in their preparation. From this intro-duction we should expect to find the new process emi-nently free from any tendency to oxidize the iron.From' the description of it which succeeds, it is worthyof notice that the accounts are all given in the pasttenpe, leaving it to be inferred that nothing was doingat the time .the paper was prepared. Cases of failurenro admitted!, thejeauses of which are stated not to bethose whichi had j been commonly assigned. " Chemi-CJII investigation! soon pointed out the real sonrce ofdifficulty," and as well fas can be understood fromwhat follows it would appear that this is the* impossi- But it is now known that the vast schools which tra-;he fishermen are enabled to capture it in large num- lers by means of set or gill nets fastened to poles placed across the stream. These rows of poles areometimes placed directly across the river channel, and' n such numbers between Staten Island and Albany hat it seems wonderful how.a single fish can escapethe insidious snares which beset their upward journey. The evil thus done increases every year, and must, be fore a very distant period, cause the entire destruction of the fish, for it is supposed, with good reason, that the shad,liketbesalmon,seeksonlytoentertherivers where it has been bred. The capture of a single gravid female must cause the annihilation j of at least twentypastyear, the edifice has beenremodeled and enlarged by, Mr. Sheffield at a great expense, and is now alrrost ready to be occupied. This gift is the largest single act of munificence by which the college has been Savored since its foundation, if we except the Ellsworth legacy,; from which nothing has as yet been received. The* litigations concerning that estate are in a fair way of compromise between the residuary legatee and the heirs, iInconnectionwithMr.Sheffield'sgiftof a building for the Scientific School, an effort is making to raise a fund for carrying on the instruction in that department. Within a few weeks, Oliver F. Winchester, esq., ofcussed for producing pig iron that could be applicable to the process. When run out from the blast furnacesescape the circle of dangers which encompass it. Atsimilar reason, as they mark the progress of art in thiscountry. Of: the portrsuts little need be said, as they the plan fs to conduct the metal into the converting ves- tbe fish caught on the English coast and that caught sea tbe full-grown fish are not safe, though here theare neither attractive for their merit as paintings, nor sel. That which had been found most suitable some- on ours, except that the former are somewhat fatter vast spaces of ocean which are not visited by preda-especially valuable as portraits. Of the large histo- rical paintings, those by Colonel Trumbull, like Peru- gino's in the Vatican, should be religiously preserved, as the earliest specimens of works of this character by an American artist, aB well as for the subjects of which they treat. The most valuable and most interesting of these is "The Signing of the Declaration of Inde-what resembled ;the. glass retort used by.chemists for and rounder than the latter. Their great feeding ceous -fish afford/them a comparatively safe asylum. distillation. :! It was mouuted on axes, and was lined ground is in the Arctic circle, amid perpetual ice, and The porpoise, the shark, the,tunny, tliebonito, and the with "gauister,'*jor road drift, which lasted during the from, this region they issue annually forth, fat and blue fieh or horse-mackerel, perhaps jalso tbe striped conversion of thiijty or forty charges of Btcel, and was juicy, to be caught anddevoui'ed by the waiting nations bass, arc busy thinning out the schools of shad andthen quickly and cheaply repaired or renewed. The on tbe eastern shirt of the Atlantic. On their long, , herring, gorging themselves with the oily and soft flesh. :letter-book, present a vast amount of scientific informa- tion..and allusions, which will bo highly prized in all time to come, by students in the department to whichvessel was brought into an inclined position to receive the charge of crude iron, during which time the tuyeresand doubtless weary journey of many thousand miles before reaching the American coast, they are no doubt deprived of tbe peculiar food which .cooler .waters afford them, and hence they reach our coast in worse condition than they are found at the British islands.The movements of the herring appear to be slow and deliberate, governed by an instinct which enables it to distinguish season, climate, and temperature. In June it is found in the North Sea, and about the Shet- land Islands. Here the vast school divides and-literally surrounds all England and Ireland, where countless numbers are taken and cured. The appearance of this grand shoal is marked by certain signs, such as the numbers of birds which follow to prey on them, while it even alters the very appearance of the ocean. It is divided into distinct columns of live or six miles in length, by three or four in breadth, which drive the water before them.in a perceptible ripple. Sometimesof these unresisting fish. A single fish, however, takenin the river nets, causesgreater diminution amougthcirranks than all their aquatic enemies taken together, they were devoted. For this unique and valuable gift and unlesB checked by regulations'strictly enforced, the College is indebted to John H. Redlield, esq., the hosts of this valuable fish which at one time fre- of New-York, who has compiled with pious care this quented our rivers, must gradually and surely be dimin- memorial of his father*ished to a point at, which the numbers taken will nolonger afford a profitable return for the capital invested eling in Europe, has sent home to the College a copyin the appliances for their capture, j. - of the great illuminated work of Owen Jones, entitledThe'remedy teems to be Bimple enough, and with the the"V'prainniar of Ornament." It is a handsome foltoyfollowing suggestions for the regulation of the shad admirably bound, and of great value as illustrating thefisheries embodied in the shape of a law by the New- artistic culture of different ancient and modem nations'.THE SPRINGFISHERIES.Accounts from the Chesapeake Bay represent it as being literally alive with shad and herring. The latter are showing themselves in swarms of "unexampled magnitude, even for those celebrated waters. One fishing master is said to have caught 1,800 barrels at a single haul; another 1,000, and many others are catch- ing from 500 to 800 barrels daily. The run of herring issaidto begreater than has-beenknownforthirty years, and those engaged hi taking them will be likely tomakesmallfortunes. {•''•'••There are many interesting facts in the history and peculiar habits of the herring. This fish; is never "known to spawn in the fresh waters of Europe. Until the discovery and settlement of this country, it was an unsolved problem with naturalists of the Old World as to whither they resorted to perform this operation.thousand of the young fry. Allowing that of each New-Iiaven, has made for this purpose the liberal4an intensely vivid combustion going on in every One of tbcee''columns while, sporting around tho British tached to their violation, could be easily enforced. Aits numberless, ever-changing cavities. A meter was islands, must count up by tons bf millions. Five years proper person in each county might be paid by tho sea- not Without its generous friends, at thopresent time as employed, by .which " the amount of decarbonization. ago the catch amounted to 900,000 barrels, employing son to sec that thoy.be observed for .a year or two. in times that are past. Such expressions of good wulThomarinefish,which,impelledbyawonderfulin-and do.;of wood, black and teal ducks, between Feb. I—— iron in this operation. The vivid combustion which, the young fry may pass their first period of growth in and Ang.l. For this section, O legislature of notgoes on, exhibiting the peculiar brilliancy of burning the warm and shallow waters which bathe our shores. iron, is an evidence of it, and so is the intense heat The salmon, the mackerel, and the herring tribe,good fame, we heartily thank thee!"We thank thee, too, for punishing the crime of killing a prairie fowl in the whole length and breadth of this State, for five years to come, with a fine' of $5. for each1 rought to market until July, when the fish become , care'e and poor, and are no longer taken by the fisher-First: A cb:umel-way should be preecribedjjj suchthey sink for a few minutes, and then rise again to the naturallandmafka as would easily bound it unassisted and value, is that of Mrs. Augustus R. Street, whonmss was thrown into boiling action, rising far aboveits natural level, forming a Bort of spongy frothy with immensity of tbe ocean. The numbers taken from, their observance, and, with moderate penalties at-Another apartment, one not often in use, am admit- either to the time or to the occasion. The Spanish of the metal was regulated with great accuracy." Ac- 12,000 boats, manned by 41,000 fishermen and boys,.' After that time their advantage would be so appareut are gratefully acknowledged, but the chief reward of tfcajg, therefore, of more than ordinary decoration as a soldiers, travel-stained, ragged,! gaunt, weary, and cording to jthe number of cubic feet of air driven in, while the total number employed in the fisheries was that the fishermen themselves would enforce them on the donors must bo in the conscipusness that their lib-\placeofexhibition,iscalled"ThePresident'sRoom."worn,couldhavehadnoneofthisgala-daysplendor"steelofany]qualityortempercouldbeobtained94,00P..;-.:":,.; ^..-,y:.,\,\'.,'|eachother,itmightalsobeworthiwhiletotrytheeraljiyissqboBtdwedthatitwillalwaysbeo|<^y|ce,- A sight to see it certainly is, for it is as brilliant, as when tbey reached, after their long and toilsomewith the greatest certainty. As soon as the metal had;: Vi ;> <:; i ; }i; :After leaving these islands, the dividod columns eflect of artificial propagation inponds and streams pro-dijreetJy or indj^0y, m training large numWs,o| «d- ucatied menfor.stationsof public innnenoe andj^u^j.daaathng,. and as curious as a gigantic kaleidoscope. JBen as everywhere else propriety and good taste axemarch through the wilderness, the banks of the jgreattected from the destroyera Of the eggs; Allowing•. • A•l vtyt $•+.;£**•feeding the inhabitants, and then disappears in'the_ juches. . ••' . ;These simple regulations would not be oppressive insmaller amount, will.be acceptable acquisitious.totho cabinet. '< •. •> >• ,•••'- •.•,:;;.- •'•'•;•.' '"'•:--!iThese various donations show that Yale College feRichard S. Fellowes, esq., of New-Haven, now trav-.. •. ' « a .. ^ 