 T..i?)S5r^'.,?r^nW!5!fl^|^7"7?l9R^««"^ ^^!P^i^ mn* ,.9. ThaddeusStevens.10.. J. W. KeUinger. IL.Jas. H. Campbell.**», ?OL.X>^NO.52817.tni^EKtlAL CAMPAIGN. Qrand streol, Bowery, Third Avenue, and/ l*th street tOtDniaa-aii«are.:=sc:TUt BNte-Origia of rN|R||)|e—ance at the same time. ....Board of Ottiers, will meet thl« Monlay even--lwi*B Tactics— Me'lie .-'M brimtnt « Bft-I*"'" asltawarmeatfrisDdsa he " ing at b o'clock, at the rooms of thetheB^-ttUid vMbuA,II if$^ iin>iii or di^egatiou from 4U, to take lac* te'tUs Ci<7 next Wedsedday nlgbt, bids teir toon Monday evetl-.ig and a copy thereof will be furn- ithedihe Coiamnndants of visiting comJianleetHi their arrival in the City, together with tha orders, giving cecessary instructions.rear. to the frtmt to tbe rtgbtof the Company; the neat files will pass through the open spaces at tbe same lime to the front and align themselves on tlte right files ; the now rear as UHe form-demoMtimtion of allsponsibleifLnieouiwaselected,asthey wero both!(, ^ijf^kaTt'jMAeted.«M«il§lg:.*e Conaiiittee that baa ebarge of the afialr iel D. Conover, Charles N. Clark, Hugh OarJiner,FiMUtc aisunaces bare been re-enbnsh, F. J. White, Col. Samoel C. Thompson, Dan-the Demoerslie Platfoim. Mr. Oodolas said Mr. At tbe command March the rear file* will make a BaacKuaisaa saeittcad himself to tbe bolters, whowlHkelB the raiia ii the oceasian of nemtatteen eoutdtfable dllBcalty in QBOMgh i^ifonns for all who bare or- tVa enameled cloth In which they M^JlMiwea la <br tbe most part manufactnred In We»Jeraey and Mew-Engl^jod, aod the mills have kcaa unable to wagi^ the sodden dema^ for It. I many a nan in this City have^for weAi past bi making caps and rmde-Aw^aa in varlemi partsi^f the coun-Haihlln Fove.Babcoek. Benton H. Martin, and M. By order of tlie Grand Marshal.Eyrewith enthusiasticBonfires are bommg before the CourtHouse, and inseveralstreets,ibisevening. The£nfuircrOfficeis brilliantly illuminated and decorated with flags, and the Douglas mea are in high spirits at the achieve-their candidate.lever^e. The Nashville oailie CERTIFICATE OF MEMBERSHIP. train,are iliil atitching away for dear life. MUMi^ tha«grtan oome in so thick and fast that the tailor aaAJda auistaBbi vn kanlly able to fulfill them,Jigtt inlantry shoulder,)When this is effected, the First Sergeant will com-li^^^liit ^leymand Front Face, when ail facean malls, the Ac., which is yieg,hly reeagcloem,mended by Etahset,leWaedsetr,s of the Wide-1ol^flngboftll0eqidpBient8ba;vebeenmaaufoctured alienhimselfbvtheright. AtthecommandTheFnaloDMoTemeBt—AIttasaKeetlBCDo> gress. eidcd VpoD*The Committee of Fifteen appointed by theheld a_ta tanua tbe compated size of the proccsdon if there mfca eMmt^ to 111 all tiM uniforms that are ioFront,the head and eyes will be turned directly to the front.The Flist will now call the roll, after Sergeantguide,NeaslaatlsB Declined.Cincinnati, 29. Saturday, Sept.Hon. L. Ardibeon declines the nomination fo»membsrs of Compaiiies fcM iTtiilgr tMtlBg New-Tork on tbe 3d will be foundwaMfaisvh«« the time coneswhjBrbare taken part in puljAicpageantfi deixuxistrates \Mat- 'DndoabMlj manyto theThe Captain will now divide the company lute sec-'district electors, but say they cannot speak for the taincd Chancellor Walwoktb's resignation.;tuiU bcsoi bat it iscGuiBed that every Club jitlmht ol KeMbiicans oouUe of its organisationr ^_ |aticns of ten each, the includingCongress First District.inatbie The reason assigned is 111-healtb.ten tte aufimn of each delinquent, so thatratification After a brief consultation meeting. theydecided to issue a call for a to be heli in meeting,Cooper Institute on Monday evening next It is^ Vta« witt-be i9^^|lige variety of costume andTHB OCTOBBK ELECTIONS.tbe Republicans will take part In the meeting. The The earnest in Hlaalaslppl, Flerida, Saath^ja^i^l^ o'E^^ML^^ ^"^ °^contin-section ; the other Lientenants wUl beTO rOKM COMPANY IN TWO BANES.' H. Umir 'WiBS, M^wwArshJ^WUti^abited In s cUtlotng latt of,dll-enniwd cloflLto be presented to Jidm by Cidk. C*ai4<B, of the llwifBid Wide- AwAes,—the &H, C<mipany organised,—and willCommittee of which Dxar Ricbvond is the head will meet soon, to take action upon the seven names aided to the electoral ticket They have alreadv informed the Committee of FUteen that they will adopt the sixCarolloa> FeaasylTaaiai Ohi«> ladlansiIowa aad ItllBBcsaia.State elections at great importance, inasmnchas they wilt be significant pf the probable issue of thelilSwIiin nf^^^^K^'^^nif^- 'TfclThecommand1. In two rank),farm Company. 2. Left face. 3. March.tied clotta, and of Sob^divls- 1th black trim- reach to the United States military bnt^ lea, nd have eapca laacHna to the elbow. The Ciaaa Harshal and Adhnant wfll be distinguished by 4«bI>1b capes. Many of the vlsttlas.Companies wear—Right Dress, and when the company are properlytk«r;>Hk in Hgbt UMe.hma wffi«eai nailinrma of >.. mUn The coat*, of aU these;all face to the frontprimary Saturday Evening, elected delegates to the several Conventions. TheCounty Convention will meet at Mozart Hail this evening.Sixth District Repabllemn ConreatlaB. The Sixth District B^ublican (invention metagain at No. (S18 Broadway, on Saturday evening, and after a long debate concerning the contesting dele- gates from the Eleventh Ward, adjourned to Monday__^__Jadge Edaeada Declines.Naw-Yokj, Friday, Sept 28, 1800. To BiRAM Harney, B8q.-*D«ar Sir: During my recent attendance in the Court of Appeals I learned that I had been put in nomination for tbe of- fice of Rectnderby tbe Republican Judical Conven- tlonrand I avail myself of tbe moment of my return to town, tbrougb you, to address the Convention onPennsylvania,Ohio,Indiana,^^BresetoffwtthtkeIn Mississippi, South Carolina and Florida the con-test will be of but little interest. The Breckinridgeelement predominates largely in the two former, and minor officers only are to be elected.PLOBIDA.The following arc the tickets which will be votedrn Ike^hainBatt of flie Committee of Arrangements aaa jjjBft^ trst prepoaed that sneh a parade slioaldThaMlowlaigia the General Oiderjust promoiitated, fikaifilWijg the roMe <A the proeoaian, and desig- aanlg the paMe-groonde of thtf'sevcnd Divisiaiia,:iV^BS-AwaxrHaasOBiisna, No. SIS BaOAnwAT, I }bw-Toax,.MoiMlay, Oct 1, 1860. {Manz«*A^ai>iB ao. i.k«'f "»*5n"*l>«»aM OeMral CoBmUteo.Gen. Edward For Congress.Hopkins.M HrlD pande on the avao- fi tka 3d di7 of October, inst, to par- > iB the natteaa) demeoatratian of Reputdicanim Hw Ml of thei"'^»awa# gai.iMilake>a*^aiha've net been to loae hiB eoAcieBtly expUeithMa tte tisual Wide-Awake coortesies.fte nrst DiTlatoB, trader the command of Marshalfiank, never permit a greater distance than tlurteen Iniucbes to intervene between the breast and back of was made about the duty each one owed to the pub- the man in advance. And the better to keep the lic. 1 acknowledged that, but did not see how thatW. E. LehmalC J. Brodbead. J.Kline.W.Hiafvrt Snb-Dlvislon, eoqiprising Uie Wide- Amkes of tbe Fifteenth and Stxteenth Ward Comiw- tta Mew-Tork CUy and Mew-Haven Company—on Thlj-tUrt-stroet, north ilde, right on Flflh- •1 nae, at CK o'clock P. H., precisely.ffia Thbd Sob-Division, comprising the Wide- X' takes of the Twenty-first Ward, New-Tork City,The in march by Company beingasabove,Kate of Connecticut, excepting New-Haven and grflSaid, and the State of Khode Island, on Twenty-THE COMPANY BEING IN MARCH BY THE FLANK, TO PORM ON BIGHT INTO LINE.of unapproachable integrity, of profound legal knowl- Ifi.B. F. Junkin. edge and great judicial sagacity, for the Court over* 17.. £.wnich the Recorder presides is the most important McPberson.ftHascnd-street, south side, right on Fifth-avenue, at 6)i otioek P.M. precisely.iTWenty-second-street,»ae, at i\ o'clock P. M. precisely.The EighthSub-Divlrion,comprising the Wide-the experience of allwho will beon the Constitutional Union ticketThe Adjutant and will stand fast. At the command March, the second gtlTn^r oniforms, file from the left will place himself in the rear of the each will bear a file on the left, fhe next man on the right of the left TheMantaals filethefourthmaninhisrear,andsoonuntilcom- when the Captain will command Front Face,aligned, wiU command. Front.TO PASS rROU TWO RASKS INTO ORE.The Company being Di two ranks, the Captedn will command ^T«li<olorea miitems. The Nnl^Tarfc Wlde- I. In ene rank, form Com/Mtny. 2. Right (or Left)AVikes are, for the moat part, appareled in MackWe have ainaaypoblished some eooaiof taodCTteaato he worn in tlte procession. Tie annuatiess for (be damonstration have l)een inI &e «ift of Capt ''-*VMf" iifftbeGnndMur'in on Mississippi and Florida;next Monday, tbe 8tb,Ult oily in a leak JoOT^wfltltfcglltc. •f Wirisian i«lU be dadThe Mazart Hall Primary EleedaBs. The Mozart Hall section of the City Democracy, theFirstLieutenantcommands held meetingson andSouth Carolina is to choose'members of tbe Legisla-ture,andonthetth,Tuesdayofnextweek.Statenorth side, right on FKtb-ave-position.But still 1 do not see how I can accept itIf I could be assured that I should be defeated atthe election, I would cheerfully consent to be yourcandidate ; but lam afraid I should be elected, and It1aCIheTenthandEleventli(Comp<tnyA)Wards,New- T«k City, New-York State, west of and including JOea, tae Western States—Delaware, Maryland,ColumnForward. 2, GuideLeft. 3. March.At the command March, the column moves forw ird; the guides are particularly enjoined to preserve theOB Nineteenth-street, south side, right on Fifth- e, at 8 o'clock P. M., precisely.Gen. NuKCnt. 11. J. Jcwelt James R. Morris.:'i ' Mw fwwtold thalM« BoanTdadiaeitobea eaandatefor Jastic»af Iba of their section, if to the' laft, on the light^ Bupi eme Court and I was asked if I would take it. Ion Twenty-tUid-street, is by tills means ascertained. This rule will always pOfltkdde,il^t<BiPiftlhaTenne,at'0o'clockP.M. beobserved.Out of this remark i discovered that an inference hadbeendrawnthatIwouldacceptthepost,andI endeavoredtocorrectthatimpressionatonce. Still, 1 have been nominated, and that under circumstances which awakens in npe the liveliest sense of the respectLongnecker.Cooper. Ancona,longWUe-Awdea ofBartfgi|d,i'to-nightTlieSeeafflDiTteioii, under command of Hanbal me guide, face to the right, march forward and placeSi.JohnPattin.The following candidates have been advanced bythe supporters of Messrs. Blu. and Evskitt:;[The Fifth 8nb-Divlsi<Hi, comorlsina the "City," space, occupied by those who preceded him, face to'> lilt fll),jilli»'"iT'»iil#rniliil«r Invlncibles"forwanl and advance in the same manner until the line is formed.TO BBEAK INTO COLUHN BY SECTIONS.at a halt, the Captain will com-Iamawarehowmuchgood1coulddointheoffice but it would take time to place the court in the' condi- tion which I should aim to give it, and I am persuad- ed tliat that time would not be aflbrded me.Hiaad other Wide^jtnfees from Phlladelphla,'on Twen- ty-firtt-Etreet, south ride, right on Fiftb-avenue, at 7 o^loekP.H. piedsaiT.out.i4.. J. B. Robinson.5. .J. Rittenhouse.IOHIO.Annexed are the State tickets which are ts be votedon in Oldo on the 9th :Repnbltcall. DcnoersUe.Awakes of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Wards, New-York City, the State of Pennsylvania, excepting Phll-rlgbt on Fifth-avenue, at ^\ o'clock P. H., pre- ctely.out of fourteen Justices of the Superior Court, only four have been reelected, and aandeepting Jersey City—in Twentietfa-itreet, north side,line of left theRecorder never. I could expect no exemption In case from this seemingly inevitable fate of the Judi-adclptaia,partof tbe State of ex- New-Jersey,myNodatWve caricature, transparency or device cal- culata* M gHeofltnce, «lUbe iiermitted intbepa- ceaat, and no nerMjn m.t in uniform will be alloweltii ns w 111 dliect the ftoirt rank to Mark Time, and the rear rank to Forward ; tbe rear rank of each Secdon now advances six paces and Hark Time ; the front raiik (new the rear) advances six paces and Markby the eaily train te-meirow momlng for Chicago, where Mr, Sawabb apeaks on Tuesday nextIHoTQBCBla af Seamtar Daagias.IraiAKAPoua, XT' Friday SeptAmong the prominent speakers present to-<iay, besir'-es Messrs. Dovolas and Jobssok, were Gov. Too,of Ohio ; Got. Dixoii, of Kentucky ; Judge CunNl,now advance as soon as the a 1- thus altemating imtil the command arc uawevthy the notice of Wide-Awakes. 1-oiward Maich or Halt is given. If the comman.l Each secuon will have a front of sUteen mea. Forward is given the Company will resuine ttielr4itf'flMr^Mc m the ranks, slbald expressions or demonstiadons vance niark time:Fireworks in the ranks will be prohibited until tbe match in open culuraiis as beiore.mmmffsm^ m^T^jm^mmmm.'•rdwilftProcessJM in Fessicn dally ontllader the parade from 4 to 6 Prepare to Advance ty Rear Section. 2. Rear Filtafullmarchingorder.lire IsOn tbe day of parade Commandants will be ac-Swamti, Ohioto be used on the line of The'crand Marthal and Division MarJshals will beSeonABLi,were veiy fine. Mr. Docslas leaves to-morrow murs-quainted with the signalsThe Conmany being. in o^n column in march, the Captain will command.o'clock P. M.,atho. 61b Broadway.The Aids to the Grand marshal wiU be in attend-City" Wide-LomariLU, Saturday, Septy29. The booming of cannon shortly after nOon to-day announced the arrival of Mr. Douglas. Ho was re- eeived at the lev^e by a large multitude aad esOorted to the Lauh*iUe Hotet He addressed some thirty thodrand people at Preston's Woods, charging that Mr. BtcBABAB aadMr. BaaoKnaiiMi would be re-Awakes, ho. «M> Broadway.A diagram of the Division formabon will be ready . The right files of rear Section will pass bom tbewhich he will present the companyCaptain.pleteelections will be held In Iowa and Minnesota.TOCHAKOBDIBICnONBYFILZ.iU. £.term.flank, By File Lr/t (or Right.) 2. March.John Hughes. »: R. Randall. %hil. Johnson.Robt Fleming. Jos. Bailey.V. P. ScheU. Arch'd McAllister.Darwin Phelps. Jesse Lazear.Jas. Kerr. W. HolEtein.the Captain wiH command..paid to me; The officeU. Scraoton.At the commandand officerCity State, andthe will turn to the right or left.Themand Company beingMy tenure of office would be only three years.March,right guidethe bestThe Kiztb Snb-Olvlaian, comprisins the Yorkvilleaad Saoelaior Wlde-Awakes of Mew-York City, andthe Wlde-Awakes of Jersey City, on Twenty-first-mult, iiiil 111 aide, right on Flnh-aveuue, at 73i o'clock throw themselves in front of their Sections. At the the usual means to secure my continuance in it ; Ft M, predsely. command March, the guide on the pivot flank will while, on the other band, ambitious aspirants for thewith the pivot dank; and also on theguide of the precedmg Section, will command Left-Dress, align the section, and take position in frostof it/ TO MARCH IN COLUMN BY SICTIONS.'re- moved long before attaining the end—the prospect ofwhich could alone induce me to take the office. Besides, the shortness of the terra would continu- ally subject me to the imputation of stiaping my de- cisions In reference to a reelection. 1 experienced this at the close of my judical career, and 1 had abun- dant cause to know that 1 was thereby shorn of my Tlr^da,Kentucky,MissouriandWashingtonCity— wheelingdistancebetweentheSections,andtomarch independence,andmyusefulnesswasimpaired. 1 In a line with the guide that precedes them. felt this so keenly tlial I then resolved never to under-TO CHANGS DIRECTION TO THE RIGHT WHILE go it again.MABCHINO IN (»Ll'MN. i have already been made aware of the anxietyTlie Third Division, under command of Harshal S.The Company being wheeled into column by Sec- tions.Bbooks Postut, will form as foUowEyintb Sub-Division, comprising the Wide-Awakes:the next file will pass theBy Section Right-icheet. 2. March.At the first command Commandants of Sections willWhile on the bench 1 should of course be with- drawn from political action, and could not resort toThe Seventh Sub-Division, eonmrisiog tbe Zouave face to the right.' The guide on the wheeling flank position would be restrained by no such considera- Supreme Judge. 1. Brinkerhoff. T. J. S. Smith. aM Twenty-second Ward Wide-Awakes of New- will step out full twenty-eight inches, the men of the tion, and would easily oust me long before I could jtl/'!(-(Vfa«ro/ ...James Murray. D. W. Stambaugb.TOrk Ci^, and part of thoae from tbe State of Mew- Jersey, ezccotiBg Jersey City, on Twentieth-street, aepth aide, i%^ <ai Fifth-avenue, at 7 Ji o'clock P. M. ftedseiy.Section will step off together with the left foot, each man casting his eye toward the wheeling flank, and lightly touching the elbow of tbe man towards the piyot Tne Commander of each Section will cause his Sec- tion to halt before It arrives at Ibe base of alignment, and, placing the gidde of the wbeeling flank on a linegive any permanency to the character I should aim to give my courtIt is owing to tills cause, doubtless, that since ourB. ofP. H'ortj..Levi Sargent. Abner L. Backus. The following are the Congressional tickets, so far•ife«adsl Snb-Division, comprising the Wide-Awakes«l tbe Aerenth (Company B) and Thirteenth Wards,Mcw-TpA City, and New-York State, between Al- The Company being in march in column of Sec- coming to a determination on the subject, i have en- IS Sidney Edeerton. DA. AJ-. WSitlalrikawmesa.ther.Dtifca—on Nineteenth-street, north sids, tions, the Captain will command deavored to avoid all selfish considerations. I have 19 A. G. Riddle. <m JWb-avenue, at 6ii o'clock P. M., pre- Change Direction to thr Right {or Vt/t.) Guide Right therefore dwelt but little, even in my owTi mind, on 20. John Hutchins.D.M.Wilson.George Wells, (Fusion.)INDIANA.ticket.': whicli liavc beenAwakes of the Eigbteoith Wazd, Ne«-Yark City, wheeling flank instead of the pivot, and the pivot man frankly to mention, even at the hazard of being mis- Luful. fiotfrmir. Oliver P. Morton. D.Turpie.maadEieventh Stib-DlVWon, comprljlng the Wide-Iwakea of the Fonrteentb Ward, New- York City, AJbany, "Tror, Cohoea and vicinity—on Eighteentii- abeet, aonth dde, right <hi Ftth-avenue, at 83t o'clock{or Left.)(Movements in column will always be by a wheel ;the guide will always be on the wheeling flank.)At the command March, the Commandant of FUtstSection will repeat the command Marchthe pecuniary sacrifice it would be to me, or on the disturbance that would ensue to a business that I have t>een fortunate enough to build up around me. and which supplies me witli all 1 want, yet leaves ine in full freedom to act on-all occasions according to rayil..J. A. Bingham.The foUowlog arc the SlateKoBiaT MciSAT, will form as followa :The Thirteenth Sub-Dlvisl<Hi, coaprisinc the Wide)'Awakes of the Second and Third Wards, New-York City, and the staten kland Battalion, on SeventaoUb-down because unfriended apd unprotected, and Itieet•"clock P. M., precisely.Sub-Division, eomptlsiagDIRECTION.p The Company being in Column by SecUoi«in march,will commandBy the Right Flank, File Left. 2. March.^uthThe Fourteenththe CaptainAt the first command the Commiind:ints of Sectionsside, right on the Fifth-avenue, at »'he Flrrtcondemn rather than relieve. It would be to painfulme thus to sit in on my fellow man. and to judgmentWard, (second company,)aiv«Bue,at«)( o'clock p. M., preciselyThe Fifteenth Sub-DWisi,iu. comDnaini'»thp WiHc.Aankaaoflke Fifth and Seventh V?""?* New-YoSrJUfv.^J'^'r?,'"Cliy and Queens and Suffolk coundes,will immediately goto the right of their Sections to di-and Western District ofMBMt.«0«th ride, at 954 o'clock P. M„ precise^The Sixteenth Sob-Division, comprisine Uie Wirto. Jtwakesofthe Fourth and SiitJi WarOs. New-\ori.face to the right, and immediately file to the left.THB COM*ANY BEING IN HABCH BT THE PLANK, TOPOBX BT BlOtlOa mO.LLNE.Tbe Company being in march by the right flank, theendeavor to reform.When I now recall my past judicial career, wherethe administration of crmiinai was of rare, and justicenot as it would be of constant occurrence, I findatj,Brooklyn, on SiiteaX-that here, recol- the most vivid feeling i have is the painfulCttyand the Bastem District of Brooklyn, o taeuth-street,northside,rightonFifth-avenue at O'clock P. M., precisely.I do not see hopwun1isherrins.It necessarythateach la'indifpensablyeach.-iecUonvrilladvance intocolumn, naturally^ow thepec^uliarjurisdictionSub-DiviKion abould form at the ttme above set forth, and any Com-dlagonaUyV. iihoi.t running ; this l» done by making a half faceto the left and marching directly forward.1 he Captain will now commaiid—Giude t-elucourt.it i^ this consideration more than all others whichhas Influenced 1 me to decline this nomination, anddi.saproi it. For to me I llieir.kindnesspany not ^omptly in Hne will lose tbe posluim a^^ aigiiadttby the Marshal commanding the Division,free and frank in mv reasons statingplace of tlie dILUarT Company.The Marshals of each Division are particnlarly en-jeiaed to make airancements for the reception at the «ailoosdepotsofvWUngcompaniesandforescortiog that to the place orfonnatian. ,dirc.t thi; to count off, when the Coii.mandants of Sectionsn,tn of each Section will count off fromrlylit lo leftwm wi^n this is accompUshed, the Captainconniiantl.Idam, very rehpectfuUv. yours. Ac,in one of the rearhave been thusbecause I have felt my doing so was the onlv compeu- sation 1 could render to the Convention wlio.^e wishes„.,1espe- cially the greatly increased amoimt of it that would and repeat the command. At tbe command March, from of thethegreaternumber of instances, it would be my destinv toWfw^prk March, each Section oa Severiteenth-sticet north side, right on Flfth- rect it At the commandwill condemn when 1 would far rather pity and forgive andMl- 9^aridand be forced to take aDMiiopt, and some Company forming promptly in(he. next Sub-SMiioDa will be inbstttuted in the WUl Company being in colnnm at a halt CaptatopositionTO B8EAK INTO OPEN COLUlCf OF MABCH. The the^'''"'"*'R'""-- 2..Varc*.1 National salute will be fired at < o'clock, P. M. h»rkw»r,iT>,"""'' ":"(''. the even files will marchTea minutes thereafter the slsnal will be given for the^tatStf>-Division to march aa soon as the first Sub- 5rc'atX^l!;TMK-r»;;;:.?»iS,"''p-"'= ;this morning forthe East. He made noSt. Loins, Sunday, Sept. 30.DlaidaB has passed, tbe.seeond Sob-Division will fol- tow, ad each Sub-Division bi its turn, with an inter- val m spaee between each Sub- Division.SB* aODTK or TBI MABOHyinabethrenghFUtfaAvenue,Eighthstreet,Broad- W9, Park Kow, Qtotbam strte^rCagt Broadway,speech.the Section will now wheel in the same manner as from a halt,nominated in Indiana R«pubUr&n.Captainwill command,By Section into Line. 2. March.At the first command Commandants of SecUons vnU throwthemselvesinfrontoftheirrespecUveSecUons,to condemn andthecould bear that again,At .h„ ..^'''"':J. W. ED.MONDS.meVcmcutaofSenatorSeward.St. Joseph, Saturday, Sept. 29. Gov. Seward arrived here last night, and left«>« '^^ column Willmo\V'f^a^i^TU"p-V^-„M-^,,'HeTO ADVANCE BY KANK l.s oPKN COLCM.'J."P--o,u,„n in march, theCa?tlin^w'^ro''m'S'a",fd"' AdrancrbyRanfr. 2.ilarrhM^'Ae coaunajid JUrch the toiiunuuaejs of Sc'g-„ ,, ilection of the cases in which I was called mttnyupon;:Dt^isocrmde. Twi^hSt&Diyiaioo, comprlsinf the Wide- except the touch of the elbow will be toward tbe by considerations which .1 owe it to the Convention Gw^irnor Henry T. Lane. T. A. Hendricks.and Mew-York State, between New-Yo* City and will now make steps of nine inches, and describe the understood. When I spoke of the good I could do Secta'y of Slate: W. A. Peelle. Atbaay—on Eighteenth-street, north side, right on arc of a small circle while conforming himself to the as a motive for accepting tbe place, I had in my Trtas'r of State.}. S. Hani-ey.W. H. Schlater.nflh-aveane, M S\ o'clock P. M., predaaly.The Foorth Division, under conuaand or MarahalAlbert.James G. Jones.Tinieat the Assay office, on Saturday, for the pirpose of taking on the of the tection he will also place into consideration the utility of calling for a massplacedthe Lieutenants right guidetion, the Senior Lieutenant on the right of the right seclion, tt.e Second Lieutenant on the right of the leftrigohnt the of the of each sec-Face. 3. Jfarek,At the command Face, tbe Cooipany wUV face to thearfBrar^ny saiia.ppagifiaeveriteeeAug.1.whenMr.Wa.M.Giuaa- halt,themaninthereartaungposition inthefront, nighton in Florida to-dayFor Governor,right, (or left) At the word March tbe leading man vvill march off twice the length of the Company and:andall will resume their position in one rank as be-Captain will then command Front-Face; The First Lieutenant wtl now aHgn ,them as before, and the Lieutenants will assume their original posi- tions.fore—the.Hon. Ben. F. Allen. FENNSTLTASIA.If liiiS fcitjhl.taaatieiithe support of eitber faction of the Democracy, and the Constitutional Fnion Pariy have made no nomi- nations. These are theIHsL Pcpl**!.i.John M. UaUer.2..E. Morris. Joy3.. J. P. Verree.4..W. D.Kelly. S.W. M.Davis. 6.. John Hickman. 7. H. C.:TO MAaCB BT A VLAKK.The election in Pennsylvania is for Governor, Mem- bers of the and Members of TheThe Company being faced to the front, the C^itain will command.Company Right {orLe/t) Ace. 2. Forisonl March.At tbe command Face, tbe Company will fux ae- coniiB«tadlieetlDB{ ooaaoadaBta of aertienawtti.Demeeratie. Henry D. Foster.Sdedleft file of their secdon. • Facei topromptly answered no, under no circumstances ; thatif tbere was AWakea of tbe Scw-Tork: City, Minth and Twentieths at toe feet, should keep his eyes between the shoul- any one that I would take it would be that of Recor-Wazda, aad CanipbaB'(artBlery) Companies, and the ders of the man in advance; the motion of the body der, because there 1 could do so much good.;in com-mandofsectionsatthediscretionoftheCommandant. claimedthatallthepoliticalorganixationsopposedtocompany beingin one rank, tbe will CaptainAt the command Left Face, all the Lieutenants step to the rear, except the first Lieutenant, the privatespiacedfresidential election, occur in several States during •anr .« Mtea made at tk« wood ai the Charter Oak, face to the left, except the file on the extreme left, who elector at large, for the reason that they hav^ not ot>- the present month. To-day State officers are chosenthe office badAt the command march, the (company wiU at once to take it now, wbea its duties had so largely in-nearly h-Aw^es, and to tender to the visiting compa- step off together with the left foot In marching by a creased, would soon finish me.Sami E. Gatis, vsiU form as lOilowBThe First Sab-IHvisiaB, coounising tbe Wide- proper step, the man in the rear, instead of looking duty should point only to that positionSifht.Congressionalnoninadons:cathrankwill ;AEW-YOKK,MONDAY,OCTOBER1. 18($o.TOADTAKCKivBEARSECTIONTOFBOHTINOPEN ofTemieaset Mr. ofCOLUMN WHILE ON THB MABCH.of Mr. lUlneis;Covir. 3. Rear Section Forward March.At the second command the rear files will make a side step to the right and cover tbe file in advance. At tbe third command the whole column will mark floimlel,owesx:cept the rear Section, which will advance asingforLouisville.aeetkm, soonaaDetailed instrucllona wiU be given in sobeequent er rear Section pesaes, will perform tbe sadke manoeu- w orking to tliat end. He showed the fiiconsisteBcy oforders.The fallowing persons have been designated as aids-vre, and the other SecUons will follow in regular or- der.TO SB8VMK THB OPEN COLrMK. The Captain will commandMr. BmxcxiKamsa-'iuirtting bim to advocate " Popajarto the GraM Man,baiWm. Peel, Isaac Jol-Sovereignly"Kentucky Ih 1865, indorsing his viewsMe.'-srs.Ue, Mialborne Tompkins, John Keyaer,Johii Quack-rthatbas beennamedwillpar-' N.O.Parks,Wm.Carlock,Governeur Carr,John J. sidesteptotbeleftandcoverthaintervaLwealdnotvoteforbimin tbe Regular Convention,but who, after could not elect seceding, hnowing theytheir candidatt^took him up to kill him off. Mr. DocOLAS spoke aa boor and a half, and was frequentlyShaw, J. Sails RUtenband, James M. Boyd, Herwin |^th«|Mni|i4Bd, making every allowance R. Brewer, Frad.T. Thompson, Matt.D. Green, Wm. lof MMMililseattmatedthat B. Anthaa, 8. liM Perkins, Lew is Watts, Jr.. Rans. TanYalkonbun, W. F. T. Cbapmanr F. J. Tucker.TO BESUIII CBB CL08B OOLITMB.WM. MARTIN GILLESPIE, Adjutant. 'TACTICS OF THE NEW-YORK "WIDE- AWAKES."XADNZR OF FOBMIJlG COMPAHY IH ONK RANK.The men being assembled on thefr parade ground, the First fc'ergeant will commaiKtFait in. .The privates will now take their position, (torches,THE BAIL FENCE MOYEMBNT.faced to the right—the tallest man on the rlgbt, the shortest on the left.Membership, the design of which einbraces poitmita of Livooia and Haiiuh, "tbe procemimi in front of the Capitol, after the inauguration,'' a fuli-iengtb Wide-Awake captain and a full-length private, anOne man was killed, and several badly woundeXMaasachasetta CaagreasIaBal Namhwtlaa. Bobtob, Saturday, Sept M.The Republicana of the Sevemh District haveto the frontFirst Sergeant will now command, Rij^ht Dress, when each man will turn his head Slightly but briskly, to the right, head erect, without moving the body, andThe Company inCaptainwill combmeaingd openCcoper Institute Union meetingmeetingthe EBbjcetAfiw Ana hefon you met IMa.Fmibb'* utterar ces on the Squatter Sovereigntyreplyto my rather curt refiisal, some remarkFbriMrd Marc*.column of march, the Even FiUt into Line^ 2. MarcA..maA ttme and the even files step tipTbe odd filesInio pi ces, whe> the CDmmaiiders of Sections will ccmmandForwardMarch.interruptedapplause.The Company being in march by flank will simplypass fiom one ^de of the street or road to the other of and mentNashville and Chatta- nooga Railroad, while going out this momlng, was an elegantly engraved Wide-Awake Certificate of thrown off tbe track hy a fiendish act of somebody.e IGavit & Co., No. 1 14 Broadway, have jnst publishedAwakes._nomhiated Daiul W. Oooch forreelection to Con-killed me when I was in and it,of Recorder of thisin tbeis the most im-12 ..G.13. .D. K, Shoemaker. 14.. G. A. Grow.ispaid. It can properly be filled only by one possessed IS. James T.Hale.portant judicial positionS. SteelThe Company being in marchr by a flank the Cap- Criminal Court on tids Continent, and can exert 19.. John Covode.tain will command.On Right by File into Line. 2. March.At the command March, the right guide will face to the right, march forward six puces and halt, the First Lieutenant placing himself on the right of the guide, the second hie will pass the space occupied byeloaaa B. Vau Bbvht, will form as follows: himself on the left guide"Knickerbocker" and '' t^ao" Wide-Awakes, of the right and march forward, the others will march is out of that fear that my refusal springs.The Fourth Snb-Divlsion, comprising the Wide- Awakes orthe Eighth Ward, New-York City, Maine, Tcrmont, Massachusetts and New-Hampshire, onK. Uborhead. RoJb.erWt.MWcaKlnliagchet..influence on the public peace and the lives and grbearteyrof our citizens than all the otber Courts in thisCity put together, and I appreciate tbe confidence re- posed in me by deeming me worthy of so resposible a 23.ol the practice of judicial elections, not a single Justice of the Supreme Court has been re-as nominations have been made Pin:adoptionDemocrkU«. George H. Pendleton.elected in this City;Alex. Long.C. L. Vallandigham. Wm. Alien.Jas. B. Steadman. Chilton A. White.W. B. Telfair. W. V. Noble. W. A.HutcMlrs. v. D. Morton. S. S. Cox. Barnabas Burns.ciary in this City, and I must calculate on beingthere Is in many to have me take the place, and inconceptions of what is best;and have been governed.wheeling flank. The rear Sections will wheel on the mind the cases, so frequent in our criminal Audtt'r of state Lan^same groimd occupied by the First Section.THE COMPANY BUNG IN COLtTMN BY SECTIONS, TOCACSEITTO MARCH BY A PLANK IN THE SAME could easily imagine the gratification that would flow CUrk S. Court. 1. P.Jones.:;Morgan. H. Ingersoil.Attorney-Gent.from being able to guard it in its hour of peril. But .S«p(.PB*./ns''« Miles J. Fletcher. until 1 saw there was a possibility of being Inductedinto the office, 1 did not look far enough to see thew hole ground,- and to become aware that, in much thecourts, of innocence unjustly accuBed,and often struckRept'r S. Court. Benj. Harrison,1 am obligedBenatoT Bewabd and Gen. Nye arrived here at a late hour last night and were escorted to Barnum's HotelbyseveralhundredWideAwakes,althoughno putUc notice was given of their anival, They leaveUntitled Document;Di«.1 Edward King.2 Hall Fuller. 3..Geo. J. Hamilton.BrwkiBHdgc Den. John Milton.R. B. Hilton.ConstltatloBal Dakn.Legislature Gubernatorial tickets are:FM|>Ie't.Andrew G. Curiln.Congress.Blair.' 20..AnCrew Stewart.18..21. J. .„,*'•• S.Hol6tein(lnd.Rep.) 24. EJ. Babbitt;Mr. Looa*, Pennsylvania. Theoftorchlight procession and display of fireworksinthen, and nowdAaandng them as a rotten plank inP. Frazer Smith.;Thos. B.I J. R. McKenty, s'rt tm.'-: i::-:\r .•.\ »;. 1:4' >«i Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 