 'af MewrKozk, «ire you liBply my ownSlaverythe great lakes to the head.jadgnaiiti,,.twill atate toyou facts,anduponwhere this seed has been scattered, and where it 100 Canton Company.. 18.7^ The Illinois CentralTilUe K., SmaU, Digfatoa, with Penirhkeeiieie.plasterIfer'WWD judfmentas to the result In the probaldewhen conservative men. 2oeN.Y. Central R..Schr. Only Son, Eastaoan, Hondoot. ooal fA Camden..-atitiuion^ora Hi. ll'nAtzBGovernment?The Bank of Montreal a semi-annual divi-b Co. Steamship Potomac, Watson, Baltimore,.no^Antt-Sir," swd thesoldier went back to his quarters.Orrici TotalReceiptsStatss, '2. SiIi0;diithe 'ceovie in tin country naderttud this and the iptilt of liberty that ""''^stwi tbe Abolition Ikt OdOKBE 15STITDtB. look^tt a» a «i«< ana BleaMalBl pdneiple Party. [Cheers.] How long do yeu expect It Brows directly out, not oo»M the theory, bat the one-naif of tUs country wlU remain under •netform.aB«formbothorOiepeBtMaOorera*acommonGovernmentwithus,wtiensuchhonetab:Bank «f kments.bat atoo at otfaar lapdlnc es-<B«>a^aad ^'.Rover,Iccheap;by Hob. JaiiieB8.^nayer, of N«w-Tork, Vm. Jasoin K> CUalsa, of Ulsginippi, »ndand Constitution of Ite United and the sentimentis as uttered theseatooosu. 8 tt,lt Xim Tendso. St ts." thisSftTK AlDentDft.beB,artok MDwawens,TCaba,aWa,»BSnelnos>yct heli^ totUs Ci^ during the campaign assembled ai tkeXiooper latttata last enalnc.dicesaHofiltheel wsyhmopatrheies of the haenadrt and oonscience that vnsteady uncertain of thenow uttering over that glorious :{entiment of liberty1010,000N.CYa.tCeBnutt.eSs7ebx..l.n:.sihrer ^BdeaJertSoSTHSS" cue from S. B. to W„ which hove the veiMd\?v![tTie JBeetl»g>was caUed to order at « o\*>ck bythat be may carry the prinoi^e a litile nxi far, and en-la, £616,067:BUMlTT, Esq.MR. BMJIOKTS RKMARKS.9i\40SiOUl.Cen.R. Scrip...descriptionsMr. BiuesT on taking the Chair, returned Ms thanksfOrttecoBpltaentpaidMm,ands«dthatinfour tolparovethatbeuncdieterdtoyouanordinanceof'87,and ten more the audience w«Ud be called upon to ex- out oyfou how, ot tthheaftroarmdeirnaance, that twenty-onethe genius of the Constitution Thinemost,whenfriendsturnpaleandtraitorsfly.1.000 Lk.E.aiW.2dllTB 45 MM do 1560 donit b30 7S1.,^ their sentlinents at «1k b»ll«t-boi, »^toda sdtuUon had given in their adhesion to the do;;trlBe.Gal. It Chi. R do71 s30 71 blO 71Se MUnairtyeldanStdates 6e, 1874BrUDO AEams.tveersnselSst.ar, (of Greeoport, L. L,) AeUer Malaga 27 ds.with fruit to James ItobfaMon.Seir part towards defeati-g the RepuWlcan Party, Mr. LiKoouf told you a good many facts about allfell and vile.100 1>acifle M.S. Co.. 93 200Virginia 5sVirginia <e. UlDion.ols7Cse,n18t7r6al «s, 1876.whose success, in his opiaien, woald be the foreran- these things, but 1 have not time now, upon this occa-thlngB,Brig Alton, (Br..l RABdall, Havana 18 ds.,witb s^oc^araer of adissolution of the Union, and the conaequent sion, to.M'into a discussion of them. I beg your at-'00 sea Slii 300 .«30a3 6U .bis 62?, 60do do dn do70V b30 7U.(anBdrimgolFaasnsnetsetoB8n.tlDeer,Yisaer.^^ ia 3(tention, however, to one single fact which has been korror« of a clvU war. He had an abiding faith in the stated. AU the men of tlieeaand patriotism of the people, and feM confi-4«at(kat in this present poUtical juncture of the Re- tempt to rely upon historical pleas of the Govem-•TB Brig OrSoD, (Mor.,)_Hneten, Rio Janeiro 4$ 4'-s._.«wijthki coffee to Holmboe fc Beadley.^Besly obBc, tkeyto have some firm basis to act at- Party, eager upon,900 dobut a few words in closing, and it is in continuation of 371 New-llork Geo. B. 83 2% Chi. b Rock Is. R.34V «5 615itjieaker JLDDU88not to visit the of the of Quincy.biit do... there, grave Sage do.....30 30^ 50 Cin.Bam.b Day.R. 78to J. C. fc C«. Daytona aisabsthpcst. wltb-r«Biarl(B he introduced, as tlie first of the ereaing, Hon. Juaa 8. Taanu.tions? Gov. SawABB hlmsplf paid a vlit Basxs,to Gov. do.—^«.BOH. JAXU a TBJLTKB.Hon. Jans S. Tbatm tlten presented himself, and ma rccelTed with loud demonstratlolu of aK>lause...s<0 30V 10Col.kXeniaK .bso SIXNew-York and Krte 7b, 1867Schr. Cbariss D. Halloek, Xosca,WkaaiUUeiKvasraaioredbeen said, genUemen, of AtiUa,-tb«t wherever hisatler- tO.OOO U. 8. «s '7«&ch^^iilisa Hill, Dow. Jaekaoayflls $ ds., witb yel-OV,to kneel at the of and walk up that smeU-87M., 1«W'hea^d: •I'ttaB'iwti'lIrv'Chainiuii-uidfallow-citiMiu, In al>when102 10 Harlem Railroad horse's foot trod, there the grass- never grew 1,000 Mlssonrt 8«. Ss.. 76k » da16H l«)4 17Panama 1st mtg. 7a, 1866 Do. Umtg.Tunakadidc to wint I bave seen and beard from others dui^ !( tbo last kx sreeka in dUterent parts of^e StateMassachusetts school—I 9»3 10 do,PennsylTsnia Central 6i Do. 2dMtgDa. «60shares—dt,and tho«9 faeu you can make your own estimate and form yourPhiladelphia it Reading Ss, 1870»81. bosiness foropinion*I have only to mention a simple fact, that that or- -d nance was passed by the old ConfeAeratlon, that had all the power over the Territory that the Crown of anddo bl0 38K 126 Gat b Chic. R m\ 92 60 do 70S ay, 50 do 10HDo. •SOshares76.8ebr. GeorgeScbr. Dnmmer,CbaBbars,Tir«liila3ds,vood.'toat domination that lor so man/ years has been ex- adopted. Is,erted over them In every county and in the towns was the policy of the Government [Laughter.: Why, tbroughout this State. They know and see that this in 1803, Louiaana was ceded by France with the sol-ple, always honest in purpose, patriotic in the street than earlier in the week. The concern sentiment, are unaware of the danger of becom-ing instruments in the hands of their leaders. in the result of the election may not have dimin-Total. .3,604 $937,609 *3*.$331,740 443 $7*346 The are some of the many vessels amr over-Kepublican Party, by its acts, by Its support, and byemn agreement that we would protect the rights of the people In that territory. I am not fellow-citizens,Shall your Government, your Union, and your Con-ishedindeed, the evidences are that it lias not,Total entered..Total marketMl. Telecrmphs:Ship Geneva, tram Calcatta April 23, for Boston.they have reared it \ip to thispoint, wliich is almost as a galling servitude upon giving youstitution be ? [Cries of " Yes, Shall preserved yes."]..$1,013,754Ship Romance ol tbe Sea, Manila Jane 23, for B"o~s"t'o'n-. Ship BeUanoe. Manila Jane S, for BoatonTShip Scargo, Calcutta Jane 7, for Boston.all of theseagencies,nowmyownnotions in respect to these uiings. Ifanypersondisputesthem,letthemreferto BsHTOH or others as to the powers granted to thethem—they know thatthe wide arch of this mighty empire fall ! [Cries of '•discussion and theof Stocks—Marketa by BcrvAlo, Friday,Uepnbilcan Party;and in almost all the Instances take it for the purpose of ending this question oneway cannot be lengthened, it shall be widened until it'Wabash Seconds and Illinois Centrals are a frac-Itits extent tides of the Atlantic and the Pacific. It is coveredprice feeling exactlyis,Its opinions, and In its practical working. Abolition-Survey you risingNov. 2—6 P. M. Floub steady and in good demand, mainly forinits single character, inNo, no.": Behold its altitudeneither Bull assured of what is toisa. [Cheers.: They understand this, too, in the Free States. And 1 only refer to these histori- rural districts, for they have been fighting it for four cal matters to show that the Republican Party ycaia, and they have been fighting it in all their legal caifnot find any resting-place in the history of this •Sees. Why, this Republioan Party in the country Government 1 charge, then, that the Republican haa takm possession of all the local seats of power party, are nothing more ..or less than an Abolition andtnAaence,andtliathasbeendemonstratedtoyou. party,[cheers,:andthattheycannotbeotherwise. YoBthought,last'Winter,perhaps,thattheexhibition Andnow,ifyouwillallowme,IwillrefertosomeofOn its foundationscan mark thenor BearShip Astrea, Liverpool July13, New-YoA.at Albany, which was got up there, that it was a dead the Conservatives ot New-Yorkfathers, and that we of this built ? pared yesterday afternoon, generation upcheers andanswer joyously to the unbroken radiance that beam- due respect, but 1 must say that I would recommendnn went down on that dav his parting splendor wouldlaughter.:security,;ed from the holy azure field of our glorious victory. to Mr. Noiss, when he has exhausted his legal re- [Cheers.] That he would not illumine these flags of search in the direction of South Carolina, that hewhich was sold to them the North. -As toMall^ day, (Saturday,) at 10^ o'clock A. M.;Jain.: H. B. M.'s ship Racer, Bocas del Torathat have been so boastlngly planted in our faces for the last three months, but would rather gaze upon the signal of distress. [Cheers.: Fellow-citi- zens, they feel in the counties 1 have visited, that this Government is broken up if. the issue is forcedthe South of secession in self-protection, whether they have a complete or practical justification for it. Tbey feel already that the embittered feeling of violentturns his attention to some of the colonial laws andthe abolition of bySlavery in the Soutb it wasout of therily on thisat 6^The ExchangeMary J. EimbaU, McLelUn, New--forivictoryusages of New-England. [Laughter, and cries of "question. Evenif tbeyweredisposedtoabolishthesecurity Saturday'scent. mail, whichNorfiiemUght, 'nnklepangh, New-Yithat the of stifled prejudices— mutteringsa wide cent. The California daughter. Capt. R. Ingles and servapt. Capt. Chas. Gill, Capt. Alden, wife and servant; Capt. Frisber, wife. 3York:17th. Eng. bark John Bright, Alexander, BeUse;will judge of it by thelanguageofRojiwell Spragne,Chinchasmen, and by the language of theern Stateriothilde Siboh, Kugene Drut'he Hinesterkamp, A. X>.ships3d, Ellwood rWalter. United Statesof .that party." Yes,t-^pplau.se.:Elbers. Hy. RiDKeArnold. L. Bloome. K. and W. Fried. F. anil H.;<'hasSailed—Ot't. 1. Am.my friends, they things, quiteunderstand here, becaansethey feel the consequences which fol-in favor of theJ.Strauss,Bros.ACo. 36.000 Wells, Fargo & Co Uetropolitan Bank 82,9481 Total174,5<)(l $1,211,939Philip,St-guin, ^th, Lyra, do.; J. A. Palmer, do.; 9th, Neptane's Car.these I think, better or as well as we doUnion. Hon. C. L.B. Wm. F. I.OUJS Heberman, M'm. Sprodsham,irir ('lorv. I'nited Stattslow out of the Insolence and;this party.thecountry,anditmustnecessarilybeso. Youcan- not teach one oi the of this totheparties under any form of government but rightly or- ganized derive "the basis of their action when they claim there., is invasion or encroachment upon their Constituiiiuial powers or liberties, from their Govern- ment and that Con.stllution itself. That must be Whart is >h* Republican Party In Its mildest pha.ie ' Not Slavery ? And is our CoBstitution an Anti -Slavery Constitution ?great gentleiirdn,u, -3>»'5 '1Mission to thewill deliver a free lecture oa tbs alMTeA Vona^JSEo.-Slr.:y^tSJ.that has nomentthateverenteredintothehumanbreast,iBout thatheof our telegraphic ach'ices. We Isaac Odell.>'°" ''**« got aTbS B |liordered:Sergeant, send for" i"i''*\i?"' P^"Tseccstioniparty,Tbe meanest, the most and devilish senti- unholypublic are cordlallv invited. Persons dedroos ofawinfJf01'.^iHnn!ff *''''!-^'' «iSl.^.^?^f.°'^"'';f''* '^"nnot empteytSem iienforced before the peoplethe fair acts ofshould not stir aI need not add this ImperUaenttbat day :Isaac Odell.Steamer Penguin, Williams, PrevideaM, with mdse1SSa^^»^^??"'f^ .... andit|nifwt.ins> lmoaaltaKt war iuf nect-warv rr.aiiihtprBank Court,The Bnglish funds opened yesterday's price,.jw^hat .^.Sf*«^J*^"=^supporters.'^I reckonnot,on the oAoer, meets with the severest^a«lct*e3re, frown upon four-wasto closed with renewed heavi-a. ti,eJtAeoomes un«oir«nBUe and mutt lead to dkcord.period, improvement,oil-cloths, crockery and ____—_^^^^__jBoi»lngoat«rthet.onsutuUoBGbviroment,fifths of thepeoplethat you areaddressing.tendencyness on receipt of lower quotationsA^^^^Vi^^h .""i.*'''?¥^5'' Holbrook, MarseUlesSrusselscarpets,.Atemouuro.aoo^,.?,^„'jf,!f?-5-2"^' rS?"»' G»lT««ton, 17 ds.,withto hare, for instance, in voters or WtMU, a large dominantol thisparty thfl perhaps, love liberty teedemand fordlsoouDt at the Bank, but the beUef is tbat it was cotton to J. H. Brower fc Co.fegoing,".i '^'£*,-i 5°!""t'v"'*)party and much.ibut they do not appreciate the fact that the Ultfaa tlaBBn. To be this Is but an•*th no under lieavea—no political miiposeshield bvsure,of interference with civilindividual hutanceBark OravlUe. (of Boddand.) Crockett. Leghorn Sept.tkoB? Why,tlMttheConstituiloiiof the Uidted States neither esl~'' tbaparties immediately interwted will be left to fvmcaused not so much by actual scarcity in the open nmrket as by a desire on the part of the dealers to es-domineering hasconductofduced,' and said that his for thereapology appearing tochas;itttmockery. [Hear,hear.: Irepeatand which that that libertycannot be promoted is thedutybyndHtarvforce,14passed thronih the Straits Oct.. tahUshasnorVorlM beyond the sower of the people rightfully andbut how far mUMair prostituted to the uses of polUMprohibitsSlaveryintlieStatesorTerri-;"^s thebrave sentiments are avowed and. oMtaehe, "If j-on were going to vote for Liiroour,„House.but It leaves to the people intea-nilly to control it ;ueir own form power to regnlate their domestic In-even kick the beam he mattbeing among able of the period, there isds.out the ;captain•timtl'eBa In their own ^ple -ve cui ctandOn that and I telldrop In a few ounces, scruples he hadnone' Thereno reasonagainst ampleway. [Cheers.] and last,prin- youcridcism! SB_s^meof ^e^aBtfaByi ftc., approving smUe.but a welcome recognition ifan Happily, impres-upon;treason aswell as the open, bold and defiant .proclama- nection, fellow-citizens, I will refer to another gen-Ittb. Sard, brig Joan del Norte; 33d, ConstitncioniSantion of resistance to the Constitution, are tleman, who stands equally prominent as a citizen enough to give at best some cause for any and eminent as a lawyer—one whose name has been overt act on tne part of the South, and that when mentioned as the probable successor of Mr. Siwias they secede, whether they will be completely justified, hlraself^a gentleman who partakes largely of the or not, there will be the fact, and that while we confidenceofthiscommunity,andjustly60,inmanyre-tion intiiat State, he spoke of the prosoect of a disso-lion, as follows Wm. Hoge & Co.E. G. N. H. W. Bssford and wife. W. J. Pestb, Herman,H. B. M.'s stesmer Racer,; Bocas del Ton and Saa Jaaawe will hold you— Re- spects. I do not speak so, politically. 1 desire to treat wash our hands of it youthe States of and South Alabama, Florida, MississippiSlmoda,Sidney;who forced this issue sponsible for the consequences.the South—re- him with all due respect 1 refer to Mr. W. M. "..wife, Thompson,publicans,upon (Cheers.:Mary E. Balch.43 5th, Am. whale bark Hecia,say, feliow-cilizens, in the country, in respect to this "at Auburn, in which he discussed the rela- politicalI7,7(W Freeman * Co 36,600 15,0011 Duncan, Sherman &is.omi Co 314.316;ships Gladiator,thing:—make thatthe inauguration of Lincoln was to inauguration of the principles of the Republi- can Party, as proclaimed at the North, South-Ci'onin,Ponts. Mr. Toroue. Mr Lodell. Mr. Hollenbet-k, ;Mr..J. Showier, Mis. Martin—'JMin aeeond cabin and steerage.Party with us;we know that its aim and tendency isvass. It wassothat Mr.tate to that if be the say,.12tJha,neiro; Chin- Compeer,We know the of thefeeling RepubUcantions of the variousparties in this Presidential can-chassIdatnta.HoCwalaAtDeda, 1d1o9.;dp1.1tfhr,omYoBnocskto,ntowards Abolitionismand we know thatgo lo Auburn tothe leading publicSoutli leading organs—— Nov. 2. In stfauiy/iip tlainmonia, from Hamburs13th. Eastern State,TheyEvABTB, who, upon the 18th of October, made a speechH Cohn & CoNeostadter k Bros.Baker & MorrillW. F. Fields & CoJ. B. WierR.Meader&E.Adams 11,000 Co in.-fa Wm Siligman & Co, 31.000 Eutene Kelly .V <Jo. 6t;,.'i00ds. from San Franciscosoand which has its oandidatvs before the .people—a partyaskl\(xm RzACz) tohis Christian experience. TbeSestarMr. Tbaijb resuoied-Is our Government an Anti-Slavery Qoreminent r [Cries of " No."; Of course somatfmes it has been called the ' Liberty Party ;' by" "For honest old AbxThe movements of the Sub-Treasury, to-day, mouth, Panama, U. S.will hear the most thrilllag nanatioa ot Ids esBTcrsion for San to God. Tand It wa< not made so. U. is neither an Slavcry nor a thorough Slaver}' Govcmmect.its opponents it basgeceraliy lieen ealled the 'Abolition Party,' and sooietlmes the 'pare Aatl-Slarery Party.' GiBBiTSaiTH, I believe, is its oandidste for IM Presi- dency. Now I asi inclined Co think that, se absorbiog, so controlling, has this part7«garded the sentisaent of;As'fisrASi TaXASCua Usirxn Nsw-YoBK, Nov.Orricz or thi Niw.Yoix OxnaaL Raiuoai ...^-„.. CpHFAay. AiBA»T, Nov. 3^1380. LA .Ysici—That isEunhardtbCo.HashadstormyweatherfromW..W. T..O,R.SofthisCompany,aadtar orr%ht.Mr. Cbatis—{^either is ours anThisas I bad seen tbe same olBoerwhen it Threalnspwstors the next Election, will beheld at the OtBee of the Com- 5,366,381 was K. S. B. „ ^ r, ^ pany, ta the KxebaMs, in tbe of on thenor athorovMi Slavery Constitution. How, then, can a Liberty as mnniog through even tbe alifeet elaasof ouroeourrenoe^terested meinasmuch approached byPaymenUparty .tesed solely upoo Anti-Siavery sentiments—The receipts include $135,000 for Customs., City Albany, Steamship MonUcello. Gager, Wa.shington, D. C„ ke., Second Wednesday (tbe latb) ot next. Theagainst e3£ension or against its existence—bow can jou properly meet an issue growing out of that CoQ-mtnt of Union«sy, and had to choose vbetfaer they woald carry OB to its final triamphant sacoess, this of Libertr atprevious, and make the entirely dlflerent result Among other inquiries, tbe man was asked how heThe Nassau Bank has declared a semi-an-out of thatA ,V<iicir-You caniwt do it.principlethe sacrifice of the Union itself, they, would be obliged airly to say that Liberty or Disunion was the faeUBCintended to vote-paaj, ?vrU*^^' i""in ihtf seii'e of^"Beverly.7,at the rooms of the American Board, Bible House.««—The Ant'-slaverycent., payable1VBV-T0KKmoment that very yonsr d of thel^be.irta. I don't criticise the hope_,H. B. Cromwell * Co.1.^—TheAnti-SlaverysomewhatTotalone of Total Balance'J9S,991N. W. and W. S. W.. except the last four days,populstiop, in certain States ox our Union, they reBUy do whether you take it either as Anll-Slavery even give it predominance and preemiaeDoe ever the senti-not five minuteshave beiag opposedseatimsat.„.regulargot lo and aim orIt is an honest, manly and brave sentiment."..,SteamerJ. & N. Briggs.Pierce.,.. Philadelphia,clses Nov. wIU occur on WEDNESDAY,at 7« P, »L.poiiticalStanding army honest, manlyany " And wiienevericfister bis name," adding, as he gayly swung Usdaymake the following extracts fromcommunicatethe work of the Alliance, please wltnJt^"^y ^ soml^oier way,I have not a by word topublic aaainst them, aorby 0-4ltyonstep."meddling with"in the rate of discount.to Isaac Odell.Steamer Valley City.•P'"»' .*!?t??K*!^5^.?.°^'L «JemStary principleriglitEofcitizenshippartofatduring which thereSteamer Josephine, Green, Philadelp!h>i"a», witmh modse. to Loper fc Klrkpatrick.tlds Slate."enibersis :it the bottom of liberty, all that we have or mar liaye.**«foffclal northestation, common instincts of ajiBB-Therewasagainanunusuallylarge/,--— tTANTBD. AFIRST-BATECOOK. w4,£wES---j^?^^. i'•• rinfluence,saythe a United StstaaAt theto-day,Chapman, Derby, Conn., with and mdse. to D. & C. R. Miller.poeitioBs they advocateand the first thing they do isthat actuates and animates his legion, GAAiBALDi^ndao«0 ErieR.Con.Bds.'n 1300eH.R.3din.b8 exi'n. 10*0 Mich. 8. Mm.- 2000 Mich. Cent. 8^amount Ibr Indta U i;HM,210togokackplant themselves upon some;the kadbeendisposedofateiXd.,showingail advanceofwithsBcarthe true of the matter—ops 83 a3082H at Massachusetts. Oh; that he could bave gone do.^. 31 376 d3 ong82}inaval stores to K.B.Few6a.^^the soul, before the time, of tliat eminentRepublican,of 13.tion upon the single State which had it not ? Not atout of the day negotiations; Long Pennsylvania Railroad, 39''i.fpsB KoaiBxaa Abfiswau,Oct.Ifr—Arr.Eng.brigThetis,DsLa-EvABTS4,1H2 Duncan, Slierm;iii &; Caldera.Why, feeling progressed through and called attention to the manner in which that man-Slates loth. Carrier Dove, Chinchas ;—see worse yet through this place the well-beloved MoBa.\N stabbed. 1 tell you that they alrc;ii'.y begin lu feel that when [Loud cheers and laughter.: Now, Mr. Evabts found on his arrival at Auburn that the dices are let loose llicy will not (mly leap against and Governor was not quite as dead as Jolius;1|—Arr. Am. steamerSipt. Granada, (be-portion people country;hate another portion.a line of hatred with other Stales and then expect the rent the envious GaixLir gavenot conquered conservative army of Ohio, to sound a note of warning, and to sav to' the people of New- York that it rested w ith them to roll back the tide of fanaticism that tlireatened to overwhelm theEigliteenthat they will turn round and embrace their63 ds. from 18th, Am. New-York; shipoace the flood-gate?, ol humanand to save the Union from destruction.country,Sept.; 27th, Eastern State, Caldera ;ride over one section of the .but that countryi:-f:3AR when he fell at the base of Pompey's Statue, and if there were a shade of disappointment that passed over him, I should, with my respect for him, lay it to the account of that last infirmity of noble minds. And in order thati may not misstate', and thatprocccdcd to speak of the princi-63 57 48;;those at home will be tos^^ed by them, excited by ihem, and.Caldssa, Sept. 13—In port. Am. ships Mary Glover and Milwaukee.drawn with all the wild theories and all theprinciples the orKanization of the sectionalviolated in Republican i>arty.15of amuji^ men, when once the restraint of the Coustiiutioii and theIncreaseEarnings for the last three years.7$23,793neighbor^ p-assioiis and preji>-MARINE INTELLIGENCE. NEW-YORK. ...FRIDAY, Nov. 2.17, Am. ships Roswell Spragae, Callao ;di.-^piay..uninfluenced passions, which i^ exhibitedlaws are taken off. [Cheers.: Yes, you take about y4)u may not niibunder?tand the conservative views ofMr.BiLHONT, beforeposed that all Union men close their places of busi- October, 184Sineighteen million of people of the Northern portiongoing South to bring back Seceders, and 1 tell you forevery man that starts on that errand there is one be-hindl>im.tomatchhim. [Cheers.: Gentlemen,whatis the essence of this thing ? W-liat is the purpose andwhat U the aim of the Kepublican Party ? I.wlll statethe simple truth and you.will find I am right TheRepublican Party has no Republican sentiment within ingIt. -Ail parties nitlierto in this Government and all party, namely, AboUtioiusm. He was there under the..siuck & "Wild Co.;1 ork, I will readto you what he says upon thatpropositionunanimous approval of the; to; for the S&aits and andforAlexandria and Manrttlns,Ww tocatawaytbefonaaattoUgfatenber.whieh,kiSnK!?'Mr-. Lncoui stated on this very platform sbd under- toAtoshowto you that the poUey of the Govern- ment from the outset was that Slavery should nil be extended, and tiiat it diould termlitate, and in onlerdo.Panama Railroad. 122„ ^ „,_,.. „thirty-nine who signed the Con-..n"i—i „13Cl..Col. fc CIn. B.. 9*thooghtlul RepublicanU'ten to muchmore«**eremarksthan1canmake, say do... nbSO71SDo. ilOOshares, $80paiddis Michigan Central 8e, Goavertible, 18*1317«93 «S493 ««661 63 Sagua 10 ds rwith sugar to R. R. Barthold. Tk* beteswould piitaaide all minor differencea of ment Mow, what was the effect of the Ordinance of this same could not these public men WO do thought why.Sinkinglail-and rail; as ene man to the support andpres- •rririaaof the Vnion. [Applauseo After WHne for-1787, which was in Operation three years with-—why could not those who enjoy the confidence of 200 do82 200 do bl« 83 100 dns3aS4k 84JiMichigan 8o/fe K Do. Iioa shares.Indiana 7s, 1886.......;. 73 «74Faonie aad ITaeeaaukv sailed tor Mew-Toifc pierloaslj..aa4^»^.aploia ttarlatrodaetoryout an Anti-Slavery clause? .And whenit ustheir lellow-cltizens—have us thorough, sound MErie Railroad given do.>«030^ do18 ex.c 8*«23was adopted in 1787, those who haveX\ 60 Chl.,B.k Q. R. 30h 50. doNew-York Central a«, 1883 Do. U, 18*4Do. 7s,UM.Do. flOOsharesess M ««• 94 ese 80 USS ez..c «e «93 «9 •$! as «S4 «e 470 38 •40 1« «103 IM •lOS 90 «I3 ...ez.o 91 993 39 •41Schr. Bob. Hlnebmsn. Wllmhigten, M. C, 4 ia_ wltkgiven— history Bsmoii, among others say thu the -Anti-Siaveiy daase was putiB there because it gave to the Soutb what they conid not do, t» capture their Aigitive slaves in theand constitutional doctrine for all these great -ques-fc.wnnTerritories. I am notof 1787, for it was wise and benobient They imder- stogd what it was at the time, and I daatthink that Tou willgrave Ons,iug moant of Bunker's Hill, where Wabssh feU,and do....Do. 2dDo. 3d M., 18S3, aaaenled.... De. Bonds,1881,1871.1876.... Do. Shaies, assentedcoal for Fall Blrer.Schr. Oaward, Binscw. Part Kvaa $ ds, witb eoalarguing agunstthe ordinancebat that it was ao also.*lt is referred to as a historical fact as tbe basis upon.lowSebr. D.I. Sawyer, Smith, JaekfonTffle $disputeNow,plaeto master.arcoe, let tu have all the facts con- nected with it, and then let us see haw much Anti-ia Massachusetts, and of thewonder if, as he gathered it tlkere, andyellow idne to aaaier.wtaicbapaityS3 70M.8.bN.I,G.8 do a;there was in and tbe reasca it was passed. it,passedshlDglestomaster.tion of secession that the States up to the Mississippi should have Slavery if they wished it, and why wouldman who had not only participated largely in the pub-lic affairs of his own country, but aisohad read his-tory deeply, that in all the families oi nations twoevllsbesetthem,a corrupt election of the chief magis- there is the palpable absence of anything like a Mf. ef Wool. ,743 $360,6(3 336 $74,786 83 $36,766 trate, where he is elected, and sectional contention Mf. of Cot's. 118,963 316 38,681 66 11,060HALIEAX, Nov. 9—At noon, pisMd the harbor a schooner-rigged steamer steering E., showing Asseriean colors.I make the with all assertion,all. -Andnowwhenthe Stateshad non-slaveholdlngsuch asIslandRaUroad, 12XGood, good.": Let him refresh himself and the Re- publican Party by citing some of the statutes that regu- lated the capture of slaves in .Africa by our fathers. [Renewed laughter.: Let him see how they were treat- ed on the middle passagecould be done with safety either to the blacks or whites.goesbybrig E. Drummond, Conway, New-Torkhow they were stowed in Boston, and in the port of Salem imtii they were sold into Southern And in this con-ever be abolished by pressure any party organizatioit [Ap-Slavery. [Applause.:Mrs. Logan, J. W. Morrison,U. S. steam Walker, Bocas del Toro sloop Brooklyn,;the of outsideplause.: -After alluding to Slavery in Virginia, and range—107®107i ^expressing his belief that it was a permanent institu- steamer this morning delivered $1,241,939 in Bul- children and 3 servantsproper—eminentlyMrs. Wvlet, Mr. Hillcartner, T. H. Mr. Buggies.:shouldspeech. He was there, and the expectancy of the people was excited to know what his opinions would be, after he had delivered in Chicago, In feel- ing terms, the funeral oration of what was then sup- posed to be the political demise of Gov. Sswabd. [Ap- plause.] It was time that he looked a little after the mantle that was to fall upon tdmself. He had noticedtle had beeaplaced in that great Republican Wigwam.battle-groundpreservationSnn risesSun setsMoon rises. HeU SaU..States to stand on Look, says he, at this place, which Bbtant madeIEtills gentleman, si>eaking for the conservative Repub-ness on election and exert day,themselves to brineOctober, 18S9licans of the Cltv of New- New-York, particularlyTbeOctober,1860.CHEAP! cheap: cheap: Bonnets—Bonnets. New Styles—New Styles, for La-point. It isMr. Evabts had made a speech, that it would be an able one, well arranged and well digested, and 1 wasaudience,for the UnionP. & N. Beaver Bloomers and Velvet Smithb dies. I..argeassortmentofTlHXScorresponding:and 8tli-.t.,**There is a amall pai*ty which J have oot yet named,marines come forward, andTons. Cin. 4,111 05 .13,660 10 15and vitalprincmlethat animates the rules of hisMadeira, J. R.OMANI8.1I.-KEV. DR. ALOBD, FORMERLTA French Roman Catholic Jesuit, bat now tbe founder:Year. Tods. Cwt. 165,181 09Csil, Jacksonville,.(SBBdaj>veryshort I when 1 heard that Knew,ticket.BrigHl8cariaD,Mnnger,Galveston,Lackawanna and Western Railroad, for the week Co.; Franklin, (Br.,)Llil8holm, Barbados, J. S. Whitney; Hats. Strangers will do well to call at Mrs. BIJW8'curious to see how he would that liv- breathe Into itending Saturdaylast, was as followsRepor'er, Grim, Cardenas. ; Orkney, (Br.,) Mur- Millinery. No. 413 Canal-at. Milliners snpplled-Mllli-Immediate countenance of hiscould not flinch the issue. And now,read wtiat be says, as reported in the Naw-YoaxEditor of thr Sen-York Times standingShipped TotalKeeA. H. Bager, Cousens, Fernandina, H. D. Brookm&n Gtn. Armstrong, Kelsey, Porto Rico, H, Hnderwoodwhich seems wboUr devoted to the inspiration of the single idea of liberty, aad whiohseems to me to have failed in a tnie courageous corapiebeDsian of the dnij of -American citizens in tUM tebMU, 1 am sure 1 don't know precisely by what name tills party is called now515,573 1201 Oct. 25, with passengers and treasure to D. B. Allen. he is enifaged as a aiissionary oolportear anona tbeiand that, iftheyconld have their«wnpassengers to H. B. Cromwell * Co.Steamship Marion, Whiting. Charleston, with mdse.ageorcountry. Hethengoeson andTimes of no alteration was madeSteamer Petrel, Young, Providence, *itb sidaa. teHOLDIN. Treasurer, No. 11 or with the Secre-H frown to give to their'"vWn^Clts'.^o Mr. EvABis, with your calm observation andM5 XvJn".*a^No'f"9^^bnV^*.*^|^^eenJ^bnJ^ and M.vrtle av.: A general ""''S. «'xttMeSaKS>SnftSSS.*that you would be the last man toreprobation aasong flw corps, there being an impression in many aiDds tbat such conduct comports neither with the dinitfafter a shorta slight from Paris.furniture, oak tsMe, parlor and chamber kitchen furni-"" oftheirftilldnty. Theydonot.wds., with mdss, to Boyd fc Hitwkea.t —Lnion, cannot be proeaoted oat of it."Of course there must be a little comment by way oftaHichartificiallyhighrates.ThewanU commerce K'^•'are acUve, among the Greek and other R'i,* SOporeMeredlth eaaie throngh tbe Straits in co. S'clock. No.43West36th-st.when he had thrown insoliloquy, the AboUaon weliht that made this scaleaaAsrtty triekesy,is to beis a matter whichespeciallyfirms engaged in the importatioiiBogene,:theCUff-J*-, tary at the Society's room. No. 33 Bible;Hudson River Railroadreported.)mister, and he:10 891,784 15;o<tbe of City[Applanse.]wbatopinionstheychooseOMof this Oct. 2S, lat. 33 01, loa. 33 10. spoke schr. of Pro-thethen, gentlemen, is no frown, no word of vetyDOTI^DBZ. facilities being accorded1 willon the Barracks, at the Brooklyn Navy-;(ft^''yc»»i)odf^iitei< it^^*ii-'y) yot)cm<wt », Issii.fmentDemocratic men and UnKwrnm bare and wUl gatheraround the Sag of the CoaMituttoo and triumph underlu [Loud cheers.] Wk]r, gentlemen, the Abolition ed upoathem. No word of criiidsm, no frown, onlyle last niee'Hm.C. L. nBuMBgham, of Ohio.thte-cMie largest meetinKS of the Fasion Ptrty this Smpte sentiment, worn tbise feelings and preju- ana love liberty too much, onlydo8.000 N.C. Sutets.to Hobwrt k CoUln"'.• nHa.vana » WUUini. i,^and bence you fnd that aU thea comment that fail ot their whole single they may14,000parly feel thisihougbtfiil men of that party are seeking to go back toThe b»r»llT«r brought byW^. India steamerStates,by conservative gentlemen representinf (be conservative porttoa o( the Republi-eveningwas 68f. Sic,»• ^*» •tar.'andof the old policies and olans of government They danger all. That is tlie only comment 1 would thatbroadside, where she lay for three boars.3rn"*e'attempti J. Himw, who named for Chainaan Aoersr talk to you that oace our fathers were Abolitloaists. theiK men—eminent, respected, com*ervative men— lstm.S.F.CoD.fids. 9t . 100;sloops-of-war) Francisco, had arrived at Lota, coaled and proceeded.can Party, were uttered, and these epithets are20,0003.000 VIrrinU St. Ss^o t^4ay.A^vr"n a^*.'.*.- .». »l«b BBaerfkaonltdlsne 'YoBng America.duty, and may be perhaps a little ahead of himself,11issonrl StOa,,, do b——that the real friends of liberty and true freedom are.1,000 1,000could stand where they stood ten and in- years ago.. Grand Trunk of CanadaDooiac* CHvkPoTBABraUiadthe militia of New-England. It hasSICOMS OAKS.^p''iw"7^"the sadie criticismobtained f9r4heCtfbn wiU tde OM to ladU and Chinaiftoelasgsw^Dt tiirDSfL?"TM"*stead of invoking this hellish spirit of .\boiition, andfbUowlng it in tlie Republican Party, would invoke 3,000 Chi.bN.'W.latU, 54 50 don\When hard beset, thy spirit, justly proud, dares defy Forpeace,truth,freedom,union,A sullen priesthood and a ravini; crowd.250MBearnckhaonftCsoBmxm.e.rBcke.l OO630 71214.....01«lBsPrlQ«s. S3 «96 S3 'SS4 80 « 81 82 84f^oBrreigneMrosr.ning SUr, (Br.,) Knlght,8t. Ana's Bay, Ja»_ Oct. 10, with logwood, pimento, fce, to A. H. tSi—nS—^ Left'Midst the din o( allHate's yell. Knvy's hiu. Folly's bray, Kemembcrsoe.and with an unforced smile.« 87 «98»>:Railwayadiaa i V cents. lOSSt01O4. ABerleee Baihrv* la London.wante. I wonder if that seed that was plucked there IjOOOErieZd Mort. B.grownow lies and remains stilt135When public men fall Fsclflc H. 8.Xo.Ckimpany'sOctober sums up very large, being as followsheap-snCttbbddiiawalofggooll'dtookolacefiremtbe^Babkte *Cn•b^an.adse^You are hardly aware, Mr. President and fellow-citi-ena, of the state of feeling, and of the causes thathave been to work for four years to produce this re-ault. They know and understud this to-night, only Whyiwe are told that Mr. JamssoM preferred to put anas a Blatter of Interest—not merely as a question of Ann-Slavery clause upon all the Territories of thefacts; but they are deeply Impressed in the great United States, and that it was not adopted, and the when interest and ambition are at issue. Both of ngorouB movement for either the rise or fall, and Mf.of Silk.. 283 374,000 34 16,798 13 16.929 The steamship Adrlatie wonid be detaiaed at Havre oral work, and they feel individually the result of fact that Mr. JxrrusoH proposed that, and It was not these evils now beset this country, and the peo- at' the same time, we think, a less panic feeling in Mf.ornaz.. 73,146 188 33,798 67 9,061. unUl Friday, Oct. 33, bebig three days after berthey acceptsecession with that limitation upon itfluctuations fromdaytoday.Inotherwords,ooBSOBrnoB aiaaei. —ifi. VaIm.WITB9BAWB. ka. Tetae.I think, a fact that to show that it goesXisesUaa'i.. 121,768 «7 16,778 233 13,46* of oaappointed day departare, seeoant of tbe low tides.but not to the organsand stagnant pool-there tliat gave the ofiensive odor of the party, or to the public men, SswAan or Chabs, [Cries of " never You have seen York Central being against the market, and the Baslxt dull, at 62)tc.®63o. WmsxT steady; *'b>it, gentlemen, the stream only ran as high as the who may say These are not my sentiments." But!!"] alreadyletters received Pentngthis moraine from Baa Fiaaeiseo,andeveryoneoftheseInfluencesemanated willselRCtfromourownCitysomeofthemostprom-.fiHmtain^from-diiMrent parts of the State of New-York, andWill with that giving way. you,and bitterthere was but the concentrated essence of that spirit wUch has been at work to curb, to blind and to mis- lead our fellow-citizens in the politics of this State. iCheers.]a fairThe State Stocks are higher on Tennessees andA Voiox—That is so,^ 1.Flocb unchanged.Whiat market betterported in our telectam of Oct. 30. TlieM.waabaIttatIMr. TaATsa— say, fellow-citizens, that theyextracts of aof Mr.; at $1 OS. Railway afloat; 15,000 bushels choice do., at(l lOJ* afloat ; New-York Central 6 V' 2,000 bushels Winter Red Western, at $1 20,South Boston inUB, was 1,0*7 tons, rated A IM. andinent men. I will select some of the men among thesharp irrepressible conflict," pryYork and Erie and Hudson River continue to showI4^c. on Com to Albany and Troy. Lake Imports— rived Oct. 6, and the Am.who are entitled, and who have the largest degree of confidence from their personal and bu^ess associations, and who are supposed to rep- resent the views of this Republican party. I will take up the Niw-Yo>K TuxB, and I vvill read somepointoff and mm-and demand. 10,400 bbls. Flour, 186,000 bushels Wheat, 27,000ship Meteor, of1legal professionof firmness in both—bushels Com. Canal ExporU 4,400 bbls. Flour, 126,-Boston to San Francisco, was12, which being the date of the reported loss «( tbe far- mer, makes It appear allnast certain that it was the lat-mighty people. determined efibrt to dethrone this Republican Party man's labor as to his property." He then sumed bis seat:iand why I refer to this is be- and all the — — preservingold and new. others, [.Ap-;sales 4,000 ;gone.Capt. Watson, ofikat 1 have seen or heard of in tlie State of New-York or the other. Tney might give a vote for abraram Lih- its crescent form almve the Polar seas of liangsFlour47e.,'WheatISc.,Com Point, oU., ashoreoaTtemaa. Chesapeake Bay.;Bark Sea Swallow. tor Nww-Tork. Glasgow Aug. 9,asderstand in the country that this RepubUcan Pm-ty is WnxiAH CuBTis NoTZB, than whom no gentleman plause and cries of " No, no."] Well, then, let the '74s, includingin thatan Abolition Party, and its •leaders -are old Abolition stands higher in this community, both proiessionaliy keystone fall, with New-York and 'Virginia pressing Bonds are irregularsales bushels No. 2 10,000un-speech,reportedpap^r,which is written,*'Sic semper tyrannus .'" [Loud ap-Chicago Spring,was owned by Cnrtls fc ofleaders wlio,- -ten years ago in some of these now and otherwise. I certainly think In this speech I shall close tbe broad and cemented mason- cents, and Hudsons together, solid,2,300 bushels mixed Canada Club and Red, atCapt. VaB,ofatni^Republicancounties,mighthavet>eenexblbit- tindtherealdoctrineoftheRepublicanPartywithout ryoftheoldThirteenshallstandforever,upholdinglast.,at3P. sales 6X00 bushels Canadian, at 63c. Oats nominal. reports passing on tsheteaaomtshhip Paobtroimrac, from Nartoik.1!Victoria ReedrCalcntta JuneShip 8, for Thiladeinbia.Cabal FausBTS weakertheie leaders are prea^iing Abolitionism and nothing 01 U(, just aa onoe-San PaKH said he could jump the North and tbe narrow isthmus of the South, and in tion weaker. At i o'clock the general market was ISHc. to New-York. Lake Inuforts—tM bbls. Flour, BerrAio, Nov. 1.—The steamer IllinoiselM. Why, I can tell jrou that in most of the counties Genesee Falls, to show that some things could be less than•f ttiia State, except in some of the conurvative done as well as others. [Laugliter.] Well, now, now hear me, it shall echo with the resounding tread12,900 bushels Wheat, 29,200 bnshels Barley, 3,200 nto Lake stroek lainxflinw hoe near New-Tork, on the line of tti^Hudson what does Mr. NoTiB say? He says that "The Re- of more Uian a hundred millions of people, alliiver,ilieiemen«hoprea<shmere Republican doctrines publican Party is formed for what purpose ?" He be- ing time in a steady and unjostling step to a choral with Wednesday and Thursday afternoonswould And no liearers, or no answering voice or sym- I state to you aaa fact, upon which you can ethsey.your own conclusions, that tnia election will begins with this;so so full and so no dis-from New-Orleans, boiwd to with a LiTarpedand the part which I shall call your attention to is at the close of his speech, and seems to embody the whoieof it He says: " The command-:Chicago, Friday, Nov. 2—6 P. M.greatthe result of four years of active' organization and ment. Thou Shalt not steal, applies as much to a [Tremendous amid which the re-in the State of New-York. Why, gentlemen, this late goes on to cite the law from an old jesnlt in some parts of the Union, which was written Code of South Carolina, which gives rewards forPanama 134 123 123}$ Mich. Guar.srHi 38 38 store. Oats firm and Ic. higher. Receipts—3,100 bbls. When Mr. Thatxb had concluded, the Chairman HarlemAkotbii Sbost Pasbasi.-The clipper harkOavn. Capt. Lnke B. Chase, arrived this monuiig fksas NMcs Ayres, which port she left Sept. 3S. aad briaffiaf ad-runaway slaves, to be returned dead or alive, andthen Introduced Hon. Jas. K. Clihtohwho said he appeared before them to sneak for the farin g<dden letters in the banquet-hall of Republican-ism—that 2S,000 majority—1 tell you that before theIdes of November there will be another handwritingOB the wall in tins very banquet hall. [Loud cheers.:It Itas only nerved our people, our Democratic Unionnen tluoughout the Stat£ to a higher and nobler ef-fort, and they already feel that they have the whole ated by such laws." N ow here, gentlemen, is a moder- [cheers] his next was for,68;« 683( iS\ Mich. Central«2}t 62H 82 83)182Shipments—SOO bbls. Flour, 119.000 bushels Wheatgiving a gradation of rewards as the scalps were re-19,000 bushels Com. Fuisars dull; 15c. on Wheatturned with one ear or with two ears. [Laughter.]Mississippi. He belonged to the great Con-The advance in the rates forto Buffalo. premium.;on New-York 1V cent," ear on or off." [Laughter.: He then Scalps,Money, ^making the paancsiaSgaays. This is the third passage in succession isailii Cut,says, Party has been formed to oppose a S3rstem that is perpetu-by Dawn, made in less than 40 days, asrol-intheclose ofhisspeech,"TheRepublicanservativeUnionpartyofthecountry Idsfirstchoice ;of Bank, this week, is equaltoiAiBAirr. Friday, Nov. 2—0 P. M.Floub in fair demand and higher rates asked. lowsdn^ to perform. They have felt, then, fellow-cltl- ate conservative man, in the City of New-York, in this [cheers]acns,that it belonged to New-York to be the Gamaliel great commercial emporium that makes tiiis assertion. Statesman from Tennessee, JoaxofReynolds and Cnshman, ef this City.It is a very mild charge, that all slaveholders simplyBsli, [cheers.] ^hy was it that in this great, prosperous and free countrybushels at 75c.Intliisgreatconflictofthesections. [Cheers.: Thafahe alone could scatter that opposition which has beengathered to bear her down and remove the Union slave-holders under the Commandments of God, and there was so much angry strife and contention be- fair standing, to 12 from that prosperity and tranquillity in which she has they even, I suppose, go as far as to fix the crime ofao long reposed. It was then that she avowed that here murder upon them, as HxLPza does. Mr. Notxs goesOats sales bushelsStateat39Mc. CotHare thievesIt means that)or notliing.They tug the;sales2,200 bushels Western in8pakea,&e.Agnes—Br. brig, of Port GUagow. from SavaaaahIagainstwaVe sliould be stayed. It was then that she deter- that ought to be set in that crown of ever attempted to encroach upon or interfere with the dorsed bills. The Stock Brokers continue to sup-Milton—brig, of Boston, from Fsrto Rice, for Dsston, Oct. 22, lat. 31 4S, h>n, 74.mined to plant her rifle in this impenetrable fortress ternrors that presses the maddened brow of rights or the property of any Northern State ? Didat C ^ on cent.,FUIadelpUa Stack B«ard. Pbilabblpbia, Friday,Sparkling Sea—toig, passed off Point India, hsaad up. FarelcM Parts.that none but the steady aim could poise and direct it.Itwas then that she determined that with the roll ofthe morning drum beat on the 6th of November everyman should be at his post of duty, and that when the must envy the legal research here displayed. [Loudwhen theStates had Slavery, attempt to force the institu-Nov.2. Stocks quiet. Pennsylvania State Fives, 95}Chaslxs Schmxb himself, [cheers and laughter.: And I think the Incarnate devil. Who seems to possessplyeasilycall, with- agitation, that even 30-ItErie applause, speaker Reading;off State ofoutside cent, on very prime mercantile bills, and 1 V* cent, on fair sig-Sight Exchangevices to that thns date,and82^70^ aH 64V85Hc.'a86c.sales 27,000 bushels, at 36c., in captainfifty years,Eagle Harbor, Superiorbushels Rye, 3,300 bushels Oats. Cimal gjports—7.- feet of water in the hold. Tbe strsmnr Sea Hrt hrritesweet,grand thatupon the listening ear of OeatralBrowne,cargo of 3.698 bales eottoB. ran ashore on TrInifcBasr. about 18 miles from Cape Florida Light, at 11 e^lsA oastrain,cordant note shall ever fallWed. Thra. Fri.lWed. Thun. Pri.Wheat dullels at 88c.<369c. for Northwestern Clubwithin the life-time of some whoa shade weaker than the printed sales for Shares,and closed on t)ie street about as follows compared 988 bbls. Flour, 91,800 bushels 'Wheat, 5,000 bushels her cylinder U Copper Harbor.—(By telsciarb.) 'for President was Stiphih A. Dodolab, of Illinois,:arrived Jan.39,In 39days;arrived Jane M, In.;cent, on the minimum, while the range of the latter is from 8 to 10 Canadian at tl 50. Rtb—Salesbe. and is;;;BaxcxiirluDoz,ofKentucky, and his last for the noble and trae-heuted—Wbiat Sales 3,000 bushels red State, on private36days,andthisKstof38days. She afallcar- brlngatween one section and the other ? Was more it the fault ofperhapsher rocky and defiant base this mad Atlantic back 120 years and brings that code up. Why Itls a the South ? [A voice, No.") When had the South than in tbe price for Money on strictly prime in- 78c. for Canada East, and 67c®70c. for Statethey,Government was founded, and 12 out,":1. 60 miles S. E. of the Highlands.of Mississippi,HudsonHarlem Pref...41K 3>}i Uii Burlington...83the;keep-Com.Kit WasT, Get. 37.—Tbe ship Oeean Star, sf Bostongrowingstroy the property of the South, a large portion of Treasury bills, are rather difficult at this rate.Reading Railroad, 20^MerrisCanal,60usht.]17th, sloop Broofcija. Fbrra-grown to be the majority, we find them seeking to de-parelle, LiverpoolU. 8.N. 6. schr. Conveodoa.Institution, they could see no in which It waymarket forouttheAnd of oneUnion would be rent asunder and the land drenchedHamburg steamer Borussia, in place of the Illi-West, Norte;Perrcnrios ofMilitary Aatharity to Party Ends.Te^r. Tou. Cwt. i03,837 05phy. Havana, Maguire k. Armstrong;Sea Foam, Briggs,ners with Pattern Bonnets. suppliedFor Lnicoiiithenwas as follows:thlhg he could assure them, that thisnois, is comparatively steady for Bankers' bills atnerva, Collins, Vera Cms St. Thomas.Eng. steamer Solent, Lseds,in blood before would Slavery108® 108^. The quotations for Merchant bills take wife, Capt. Ludlow. Capt. Simmons, Mr. McCormle and Sailed—Oct. IS, Am. steamer Ariel. WUsoa, New-lutionintheeventofLikcolm'selection. Without;4 W.Bing-del Norte2tth, Eng.steamerSolent, Leeds^JSt.wishing to alarm or intimidate any one, he said that Order...$10,0007,000servants:candor him to that it was his firm be-12,696 Rowland at.\splnwall 29,033 ham and 2 children, Jes. White and wife, M. Rosenberg- Thomas.Callao, Oct. I—Arr. Am. ships Msmlng Glory, Chla-liefthatcoifmpelled say.Mr. LiNcoiN was elected on Tuesday next,Wm.HogetCo 58,000Am.ExchangeB'k..38,000 er,C.H.Brooks,Dr.Birdsell.D."(Veils,W.B.Peters. chasAgnesLeeds, llSds. from New-Yorkeveryought immediately withdraw from the:Union,Mr. CuNTON closed with anDe & Co 31,000 Am. B'k. :i2.fl00 Rham Exchangeand Susanna Friede. R. L. family,;Mr. VALLANPinuAMples on which the Union was formed, and claimedsteamer Moees 30th, Helios, Coqulmbo.Taylor,Callfoniiathat the of those spirithad beenCleared.Steamlhip City of Washington, Jeffrey, Liverpool. G.out all their friends to the polls.Crowell,The coal transported over tlie Delaware, Kark J. Merrill. Foss, Key West, Benner H Deake.and tlieTo theYesterday allernoon, whileNorth Shipped SouthShl^,Manchester, Nelson, Richmond, C. H. Pi*!rsooporch of the Marine yard, I saw one of theForlime last year Week.F. Baker, .Steetman, Newbern,J.Smith&Co.; Auffusta.New-York, on TO-MORROW EVENING, at 'o'clock, and will condads Ills atseearaethesame request, with anwith mdse. to H. B. Cromwell & Co. Decemberand passengers poll WiU be opened' at 11 o'cloek In tbe foreDOOB,aad Steamship Patapsco, Yale. Portland, with mdse. and will continue open for two boars thereafter. By ordercorps!go backyou can't go out.appeal.United Stares;MaryE. Batch.Chinchas,Vallanpigilam, of Ohio, was then intro-W. W. Cheeseborough, Miss Catharine Watts, F. M. The Federal Treasury at the close of October Watts, Aug. Laflze, Antoine Brusler. Julia Brusk-r.'" Winfleld Granite," do.;was that the linion w as in danger, and that the great lield in its various depositories, subject draft,John 12th, Yoriek, Chiu-for itsNew-\ork. He came there from the defeated but;was the State ofexclusive of the sums hehl subject to the checks of disbursing officers.——Stuart, doConstantine, England;adjourning the meeting, pro-Dale87 Kuuhardt.met themeeting broke up with nine cheers•Sons.perml.sslon from thego out and register bis name as aby nnrr:itiuhgis JesuUical costume, A oollaetiw vfUvfU appe:irin beofficer of the day (Lieut. voter, in view of the approaching election. The offi-Shipped North. Sliipped South..ArrlTcd.Steamship Northern Light, Tlnklepsugh, .\.iplnwall,cer inquired whom heTotal...17.761680,755 Left U. S. steamer Brooklyn, Farragutstore ^hip Fal-Papists. All are reapectfnlly invited te as attead, theyIntended to vote for.and At brig ^. Drummond, tor New-York.Lincoln," replied the man.Lancaster and St. Marys were in port. The steamship Moses Taylor,officer, turning on his heel, while theSteamship Hammonla, Schwensln, Hamburgmd(«tcet. 1t5o, $359,298 and Soathampton I9th, with passengers andin^t. IBbaUpmbablyvoteforBxu.aadBvaaxn,"was dendof4and passengers to Spofford, Tileston" tnuaa,y may within onewithwith mdse.B tbe olcera caifeial to accompaay this mantouches the honor «aB entire corps de armie, aad obal- tbe a»t««tl0B0f e candid and fair-mli^edgrain;Tincetown, from Salem for Para, Wreported haTlng experienced a hurricane some days previously, fai^e <}ul(, from N. E., but received noUntitled DocumentBale*atthejeallhy and as flree from lor ITperioddotlaKtbepastsiax^Bronotabds. tH>iO;UBark Carl Von dxnt IR-^i «t1000 doS,000 LaC.bM.L.U.Bs. 1«In ColonialBrig R. fc 8. Lamsea, Beategeat, St.ds., with sugar, matMcaay. fce.. to master, (jbehaiev. perieneed heavy weather, split sails, fce. B" tbe passage, Richard Cook, steward, aad JohnII do..00 do...50 do...50 4o...Now, then,«entiemen, yon I will 10 do... .beott lOOCI.kToL R B30 34 Do. all paidSee rlcbes, tawbles, fldtterers pass away because are to(of Bangor,) Bartlett, D ds.. with fmit to J. H. Sanford..«203,oeoiiuCen.B. Bs.from 3,000H. 8.1dM.Bds.. 50 100383i1,000 C.kN.W.2d 2S 100 Mississippi- Htg.do slO 38waters of theI wonder if the seed of constitutional liberty wlU ever 6JXI0 UE.feWJd M.Bs. 46 60Great Britain had given by Charter toState of New-York in this Preddential can- that then the Government of the United States bad leave these places to be filled up, where will you 300 do _ UW do s30 Cash collected in Land Department $140,489 C8 WIND—During the day from K. N. E. to K. S. andvaaa. I ha*e visited and(is weeka, In naarly one-tialf of the counties31 300 do31S( 100 do30k 100 Chic fc R. I. R.blO 68 100 do 66293,»71 42 300,711 39spoken, daringthe lasta3;iate opinion, in all of these countiea wher« the ballots during the Revolutionary «Boohthis country, arrayed one half against theother—the North against the South—and it sition outside the Exchange or tbe Street appearsm- Ike week. Entered at thf Port..lakS. $912,933ISM. fl,tU.*Un—. ashore and fall of water, at tbe moatb of tbsgreatTirginla,great duty,6 do83 120 Clev. &Tot R 34 82K:that in 1820 there from one thoMsaarl to seyenty-five hundred, and was a diverging, and that then we started upon theimageIn some Instances to eight thousand—tliat the m^ori-ttasirould not be cut down in every single countyfrasn five hundred to twenty-five hundred. [Cheers.] Slave State? You see that it was part of the condi-will, unless checked, destroy the frame to be to await the result of the election and the Thrown on speedilytl.l«9,119 Market... tU«.lM. 1,363,718 1,013,764Me. AsslManee has been sent.PHIfrLoAmDEHaLvPaHnIaA., Nov. 2-Arr, uHa. K. S. M—a«~C.Ieini^to themselves upon historical facts, they passger—that this means nothing. I believe, genilemen, that whether it may come sooner or later ttiat it will lieW do10* Bndson River R.TBalled., Barks Fannie Hamilton, for Montevideo CVsm Crsstattemptdo not state them plainly and truly. And I contend05up of this Government 100 Harlem R. Pref.bSO 40^ 60C.,B.b(). R..p.bc. >2 The Grain in traffic beyond October, 18S9, is for Galveston, and anchored In the lower Bu Mrwrong policy. Why, after the formation of the Con- stituwn, did we not go on admitting Slave State afterSi«« Ju. 1.Entered at the Port.t62476,707 ««*.«81.733 $91,689,072;awayfrom theirSebr. Eauly, Deimison, PTOTideace 3 da.33^ K.,? What a 200 Charier. I can show you, gentlemen, that when they stake is at Issue ? You tell me that there is no dan- 26 do.all the power over it that Virginia had under the not In the defence of rallyyour countryErie RailroadSales of Land33^ Earnings of the RoadfresAe•( tt« State af New-York, [cheers,: and I have not at-teaded a poUtieal meeting in a town of a county, or of that down to 1820 there was not in the history of this the beginning of theaeveral countiea, where It has not been stated by our country a single original exercise by Congress of the How can it be avoided witc the feelings that exist (00 Reading Railroad.. «2own friends, and admitted, in almost every instance, power of this Government, under the Constitution, now between the North and South. Thomas Bbstox,hy onr polltloal- opponents,that in point ot numbers, in over the ^subject of Slavery in the Territories. What upon the last page of his memorable work inteaaonst^atioD. In entliuslasm, in earnest and deter- has been'the policy of Government on this subject ? which he he gives the results of his observation, expe- The Stock market to-day exhibits less ex- reach this year $1,200,000.lined etibrts, it exceeded similar meetings and similar Why, the question lias been dealt with as statesmen rience and views of thirty years' life In Congress un- demonstrattopBoftheRepublicanFarcy.tLouddealwithallgrratquestions—aocordlng(otileelrcum-tnteirupted—whenhisson-in-law,Mr.Fremont,wascitementandmoredecideddullnessthanatany Thefollowingiaacomparativestatement cheers.] I have not been in a county, where after a stances attending the ease at particular times. Mr.-careful canvass and estimate of the Uemocratic and SiwAsn tells yon that the whole plan of this Govern-the Vnlon meat they have not given it as their deliber- ment was right down to ISaO. That it was all rightbreakingManricio, (AusCnraeoa$3,870,6636 31Sandy aook.l0 29|6ov. laland.ll 18 I..clias Vaipab.^iso,:Ash,2childrenandservantJ. H. Bosworthi_wlfe,,iTJfclft"siser, £200,«e4.away maintep^et, sudBaiwt^aiSr*' lostdeckloa1 StoDington R. R.101 Del. kdoHud. C. Co 78545t 2'6AS0Cleve. k Pitts. R.. 11....the Republican candidate for Presidency—what does time since the high state of political feeling and of the imports of Foreign Dry Goods at tbe port ofByraiecrapfc.BALTIMORE, Not. a-Arr. brig Patasttae, Inm Bl»he say? "\ sectional convention now divides agitation was brought to bear upon it The dispo- New-Tork for the week and since Jan. 1:Grande. Scbr. War EagIs.from^aIttaDmns^mort«dturn or course of events which isare, for the most part, content to work on the mere—but there is a truce, for the moment between party231,740 $1,1**,249337,509 due atfotlhilspwalnaga the ndghboring portsstormyall over with every product, with everything fair and come next. And this State of things, as intimated Upper Lake ExtrasShip July 12, fbr New-Tork. Amanda^elveotNever,the key-stone under the pressure of sectional power same on most of the Western Stocks, while New- bbls., at 20c. Casal FaiiSBTS better;Bark Rocket, from June 10. (or Boatoa.of an "old Virginia dig up, and cast into the'unfathomable steady on Virginias and Mi880ut1s,w)iile the Federalbie to the earth in a shapeless ruin the massive blockdegreepricereportedoff tbe Beads Oct.upon pire ?"wlilch Dz Wnr Clistoh wrote " Em-000 bushels Com. bushels Wheat, 26,000[Cries of " No, no !" and loud applause.: WlUOswiaoJF;riday, Nov. 2—6 P. M. ter vessel which was last Instead of tbe former, as re-abyss of dlsuiuon and blood the corner-stone upon5 V' cents are weaker, selling at 102cent, for the Theed aa sights—something that men would have paid a any ol its excessesamall Me to see. Such are now the leaders of the cause no constitutional man even a Union man may plause.: And If tbe majestic arch of our Confederacy yesterday. Michigan Centrals, Erie Convertibles, bushels Bay Qulnte, at 65c. Rts in limited demandPacific;S3 t2it »2\ Toledo .33^ 34;^ 33>( tive and Ic. higher Ocean Star was bnllt ather.Vinterest since ;Julythe above alaee : steamship Fatapeeo, which anirad thisfirm,;morning fromon tbe 1st BlockIsland,withbo(bmiitTlpoliticalon Federal:;the Hudson thirdsafloattlI4$i,and5,300bushelsWhiteCanadian,onprivate M.,sawabrigPaosrhtolraendo,nreports,likely..of the Union as it has already destroyed its fraternityand good feeling. [Loud cheers.] -And then he addswith solemn and significant warning, and he was a while the speculators inside and near the Board Thrown on Market. 60,289 378 «9,3tl,0U 91,682,944 Htahland Light, ship Lida, for .JverpooLto follow,ban,BOSTON, Nov. a—Arr. ship Kiebe. Oaleatta. Ottranquilfruitful that grows upon the American soil. The cot- alxive, may continue through the next three or Wisconsin and IlilnoU; $S 37)(«$5 SO for Extra Ship St. Croix, Oravesend Aug. 6, for New-Tork.ton-plant and the clover-blossoms festoon it The Ohio and Indiana orange leaf, and the evergreen intertwine it, and four days. The fluctuations in the leading specu- WaiAT closed duU$i 75^16 2S for Double Extras. sales 31,000 bushels No. 2 Chlca-Bark A. Marfaretba.Gattenberg May 3B,n>r New.York.adornit andshallitfalltothe ;andleavenot lativesharesareequaltoaboutJ^Jcent, com- o Spring, at $1 023iiS$l 03;Bark D. C. Yeaton, Sblslds Aaa. 33, «gr New-Tork.earth, onestoneuponanotherofallthatthewisdomofour withBark Goethe, Bremen Oct. ao, tor New-Tork. $1 25. CoKS dull, and no sales. Oats dull, at 27c. Bark Ostxee, Antwerp Aug. 14, fur New-Tsrk.IhKB Paris rimwing a bU of a K « centBarton. Ha.wa>.> a 1 "* **»^'la Mar Wds., fcrhOacvtlSB^f',Owehte.n»i,n latl.a3ti.iea,tlM«,. l»o»,u 7o:i£?SJ*>^>Do.Do. $100sharesScbr. Mary K. Boyt, (of Camden. N.J.,) Itl—^theturnonNew- ^V1hiteMichigan,at$128S.300 bushels Good 14,000 bushels Fab' do., atsellingto the extent of $12,000 at 8S^, ex-interest paid terms. Coas quiet. Bablxt lowerTotal.$741,172 49(67,748the largest inOeeaaSome lenders prefer to place their means tempora- The European malls by the Borussia will close to- brig Charlotte Agnes, BloomHeld,W F. Mason, W. R. Nelnis, J. .S. Yates, Mr. Anderson Carolina would secede from the Union. [A Voicb- Trevor Colgate. 10,000 L. VonHofTman&Co. 99.000 and Mr. Blevin, Dr. Mr. Hickman. Mr.Bejapere, Neptune's Car, do.; 3d, Granite iState !)that the bare14,000 '• Coiiroy•- <)'C.,nnor. 10,000 kVr. Mr. RamtuleH, Nathan Callender Lnllman,; 8th,election of Lincoln would be a good cause secession—[applause:—yet he did not hesi-Buckley.and wife. Mr. Barstow. Mrs. Dexter. Mrs. Berk, Mr.Am.Herald of the Mornlog. do.: John Stewart, do.;for.Am. Exchange B'k55,1)00 Jennines A: Bewster6.00028,800 and wife, Mr Hess and wife. Miss H. F. Kelton, Mr. Lane; Chinchas;31, Coaatsa-for October foot up better than at any time forAm. steamer Moees Ol Taylor,The (Applause'.] three years, asearnings; 25tli,October, 1860 October, lSi9..$193,950 170,1follows:nual dividend 013^1^' cent., payable on ,the 10th, , .oftheBoardofDirectors.GILBERT L. WILSON,. Seeretary.ontheIstofDecemlier. The Hamburg steamer, which arrived iiere this afternoon, brought London papers to Oct. 19,mdiit to la Steamer Altiatross, Jones, Providence, with Bdse. toEVAMGEI.ICAI, AI-I.IANCE. monthlTmeeUng for devo ionalexer-but, bnstaiess the most legitimate and profit-Z. Einstein & Bros..children and2Mrs.Meek,Mrs. J.;P.-And Texas.') Although, personally, he did not think Wm. Heller & Co 45,000 Eugene Kelly i Co 211,000 Adterman. Mr. Butler, Mr. Dnssolier and wife. Mr.; tine, CbincbasNaylor A:10,000 Richard Patrick....16,3BSot the French Union Philadelphia,.$140,782 170,157 48 193,950 63TOO LATBFOECLASSIPICATI05..60 ds. from do.; 4tb, Carrier Dove, Valparaisoli87,947Papistssubject, at the Cooper Institute at the ooibms* »*«t.of '"'"to it.sion to that e^t spfiearE to be entertained, not only "IKI"Obarles Brewer, (of Rockland,) Gould, MalagaDow. Schooners A. M. Edwards.;S, with marble, rags. £»"!«—resssl to Metcalf fc Duncan. TImthe wboie tbeti^offlieeoaniry. t^toVTte?'"'"^'««'«TMltt.Mmta,;on the price•t, of which £tO\^m a xse,gw goU.Pnnd 8s, 1882S3. The cash collected is;scbr. Hartatna. ferThe following ia tbe sammaiy for the 'week :;;Bark Oattaaiine, Belfast Jone for New-Tork. 36,;sales 3,000 bbls., at (5 for ExtraShip Golden Fleeee, London June 18, for New-Tork.;sales 90 21c. on Wheat, 19c. on Coin to New-York, and 16c. on Wheat andFassensers Arrived.Rug. Calloma,Glbbs, New-York: Eng. schr. Charlotte Mi-In Steamship Northern Light, from Aspimvall—Cant. Farragut, U. 6. N.; Capt. 0. H. Berryman. U. S. N.; Senor Flores, Minister from Ecuador; Capt.Hoxie andDerwent. Sad Joan del 31at, Ass. bark;BlinATUKS ALBAHAO—THIS DAT.4 57 HIGH WATXB—TBIS DAT.8 37 1'2 tosteainahip |Boru6sia. Trantman, Hamburg, G. Ship Louis Napoleon, Hertinir. Hamburg, S. E. Am-;last arrivaLThe Government' send to Hong-Kong, in carried the aadGlasgowFaiPAT, Nov. 2—P. M. any single month, and the sales now promise to cbored in the lower Bay, outward bouanchdr,s.aanrde waa—lnstoian-gFlocb firm.41 42 lUlnols Cen..72 72 fbr No. 1 : 82c.'a>85c. for No. 2. in store. Cokh ac- tbe morning of the atth Inst. She had two fset ef water81^83 30 31Galena3054 Rock Island. C33i71;sales 119,000 bush-70^ 42^ 723« in ber bold when tbe left(Br lettar.) nte \»H ISli lO^i Mlch.South'nl7J« 17^ 163i Flour, 67,000 bushels Wheat, 22,000 bushels Com. register, rates A 2, and is owned by H. Lord, of Bsstm.Vcent., and in some cases, on single names of held steadynatures. The former are 7Vin the classification of thehigher 72c.<385c. formixed, sales 38,700 Imshels at to choice Canada West 79c.'S; 6,000 cent. The change is felt store. Babut more active;and a market for Glasgow, with all spars gaae buttheir wantsout notice, but such is the caution of the moment,paperordinary rowed. Wbibxt, ai Hc; of mainmast four- stumpwasstasrlng for New-Ton—Nev.termswhite Michigan, in lots, at $1 90«$1 92 3^whitegonides,consigned to her owners, Messrs.;Bythe French ship Meteore, of Bordeaux, is reported ar-London, NesmithPhiladelphia,J. Me- ;:Schr. Boyd, Labae, t ds., with latbs FranUJa,aa.vltb Scbr.T. P. Bai'kalaw,B))dia«,8afbac,Ta.,«dfc,wUh.valued at $60,000.Peabody.Chase in the,) forbrig Pollux, together with 18:vessels, and a fleet of fore and aft soun-rinSa favorable wind. ..a»»BmSu^ nock River—probably Msontaln Eagle, sf Roekrl-ann~id,; gut, Bocas del Toreyngi*Tn. ! istli.»>.from a fishing cruiseChin- Rln 12lh. Su-;BUaeella: Napier, do.; Sa- matra.do.; 6lh, Ella E. Badger, do.; Slmoda, do.; Mom-Scott, Chin James Brown, do.; Herald of the Momisg, Unit^'dllUi, 13th, Am. whale bark £. A. Hall, on a cmlse.foreHelios. Australia ds. from New-York.Sailed—23d, Scotland, TongalCarrier Dove, Callaotaken up lo assit't in sustaining him in tbeeaaaslavbieb;;got iaaida vitliS—Kennebnnk in 1848. is 714 tens;;.' .:~i-^'-^^^^: —- -- ''—^- aA^f' 'w^^^^«'*^*««f?-:»«-i->^T**i*^^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ww.fultonhis ._l--.%'tory.m'co-*iiffn~i: T^.iiiiiii