 «Tb» <w*rra heart of t i e Euglieh woman liaa no! booncfeSled by the oot>T9Htkmalitie« and forms wirronadingcrowing the Atlantic were, first, "an approhensiou th»ihe might receive a not-to-bo disputed requisition forhis+LA WINTELLIGENCE.bad, nndonbtodly, qnH« a» much to do vrlth the dic- safety, and even existence, was endangered by theJustice iMoaAUAat. e»-iver. and enjoining the defendant frerm(fu»tber interferene* value, the gross rental being $31,193 44. Buildings Tho Coroner's jury rendered a verdict of -'death fro.u RENTENCK OKi WM. J. LANK, Jit., THE KULTOW BAWK wif h th*, partnership property. F . N. Bangs for the atoUoa j IUtating of the epiatle as a "ma* regvd to policy. The -ceieltfatiots of the Olympic Gyunee (rovived In D*K»m- ber last, for the first time since the days of ticir imp-*prewion through the influence of ChriatUnuy), hap-pened to be under way at the very moment when thePrince reached Athens. Itraring of hia exported ax-m i l , the Committee of management deferred theenmity and apprehensions of the persons implioated by his "disclosures;" third, a disgust for all "humanita- rians," and Yankees. He proposes remaining in Lon- don, thcTo to await an opportunity for resuming his for- mer avocation of amateur Italian patriot and revolu-tionist.—Of Hazzml is told, the romantic story that in earlypajing 20 per cent are Borne of them entirely unlit for the abode cf human beings. Of the total number of persons on the block, 550 are under 15 years of age, and 35 between 60 and 70, one person olaiming to bd KiO. 388 persons were divided among 67 trades. The buildingn oh Worth street and Mission place are not furnished withi water, and tho occupants are obliged toDPKAUnTKU.At the opening of the Court the Judge decided themotion*! ojado oa Friday in the case of Laao, the conTictod hankTHE JUVENILE ASTLUB:—NEWS FROM THE CHIL-DREN SKNT WEST.—-From the President of the New-York Juvenile Asylum—G. R. Wetmore, esq.—we render them dof«ctive. The motion foi a new trial was thereforeX. Dewing opposed. - jSUBROGATE»S COURT—FKB. 25—EnvrAxn C. W a w , Snrrog^te.-place." One of the Athenian papers mentiot-s this fact but of Now-York. He was in Charleston as au ap-" We aniveuat Carlyle, III, ou 'Xhursday afternoon. Tha chl!-' him in tho drea ful position he now occupied at tho bar of this City of London, Mr. Barton married an eunt of the d-tponeat, lectures thia evoning at Goldbeck'a Muoic Hall, N». Court, ho wan lured on from day to day in the hope which had765 Broadway. Subject: " The Great Domestic Obli- dren are ul! well and cbeorful, and thoy Lave made a very fairor- proved fallacious, of beinic able to replace the moneys iu the named Elizabeth Loft; they bred togsther till 1?«4, when Mr-ablo Jroprcwlon by tholr good conduct. W e uttendod tho Sabbath- bank, and his didhnrheinen^s of moneys which lie throw in the BuriOM abandoned her and come to thia country \ a son namedurxfcT the heeding of *' A fine bat useless lesson," andadd* thnt with singular disregard for the wholesaleinstruction they might have drawn from Prince Al- way to Italy, whore he was to study art, but was herenrcum, on Tuesday evening. The Right Rev. Bishop visa to practice with ihoir tchciaxa uocao of out tuass, the congre- father wat now neajtly four !-co/e ^eara of aj;e, aud during 3G years and her s<>n are the only l<?K<d beirs of the drc^wed, aud staiaZred's r*ply, the Committee appointed the foot-race for a succeeding Sunday !—In 7*he Elmira Prtss appears, among the ra^ulaengaged by a private association to make a bronzuhureh. the paetor, the Rev. Mr. Walker, etietched out hia handaphysical energies to tho prosperity of thia bank, and miisiy through hia exertions and assiduity it had now a surplus of $2!K5,O00. Counsel proceeded':anivo hero in a few d»\s. JL<< is the only next of kia to- h?» aanb refiiding ha the United States, and as »uch he contents the WilLdi*»olved tl»e woman's voice, and what was once pert-neeaianow p&tho*; what it ha* lost in vi 'or, it ha* enight, give her operatic imitations, which have been re- ceived with 50 mncn applauee..crawl through. Being now. in the store, thoy ran- street-rowdier. Tcste-rcVy afternoon, at the junction which was placed in-you by thoi»o who.e intorosta y<n were sixth part of there*5due, is lobe uted luthesitce manner,,for thaunder obligation to protect, birtyou unlawfully approp iated tosacked drawers and boxes, overhauled the goods at cf iNew-Bowery, Oliver and Chatham streets, was as- your own purposes a larsse amount of their property. benebt .of his daughter Caroline, wife of Ferdinand Suydaxu.thiir leisure, and selected a pile to carry away. It seni-bkd a gasg of little rascals, all apparently under 12 The apparent immunity fiom punishment of BUCII oCensesia Whitney. Ihe fourth sixtn part of the property is in times.paat, has led to a great increase in thia class of )d'cnaes. like manner befju«»athod to his srn, Henry. VVhitn-y,cahied in tenderness. Tnose who listened to LucyStone Blackwell. and to her sister-in-law, Antoinette As before intimated, at Wallach's the " Poor YoungBrown Llackwell, before their marriage, cannot fad toobserve the groat change which has come over the afcrfjssid of "Midlothian" aforementioned, will boplunder they had chosen, but derirod. to ssarch tho ' ilar collection lower down on Chatham street, in which seemed to ho almost in defiance cf the law. and special statutes "VVhi;uey, jr., end William Whitney. In CiiO of the death of hate been passed for the purpose of preventing tho n petition any of Ihete devisee*, the testator bequeathes the portijn g:%-ca building; wo they set to work and demolished a brick j brickB,stone8, and other missiles were freely exchangod. of them, under a Uw ot this character, you have baen con- to "them to nil bit grandchildren liviijg <tt the time of the deathvicted of a crime which by the statute in designated aa forgery in Ot suca chdd, ab.'^lnt'jiy and in fee, they liking p-r capita BMApublic manner of the ladies since that event. Althoughacted every' night at Laura Keene's. • This is, how-—Mr. Clark MiDs, author of the equestrian statue of Washington, is not a native of South Carolina as stated,theria, or Malignant Sore Throat." Mr. j . H. Siddons encoring account of his mission:step down to tlio discovery of .the defalcation* which had placed arrival in the Ur.ivd State*; tliat on th/> VXh of April, 1333, in theby the theatrical barometer, and we may soon look fornovelties of the most unprecedentedly attractive kind,if we put our trust in the literature of the show-billa.Though managerial promises are prone to err on thediscovered in tho silk and fringe warehouse of Meiers. to observe the '. 1-ord's day in a qui6t and appropriate the discovery of his defalcations, was brought into the Dire-tor's funds, bcins; the proceed t of her share in her paternal estate rooms/, ho there; mado a schrdule of every piece of property ho which have eojno to hia bnnds with the profits and ".ccamulaUoa* Dexter, Lambert So Co., No.. 540 Pearl street, and, macEer. Yesl;x<lay these gatherings of young row- had in the world, ever; including that ia tno hands of th rd per- tberecL lie gives her his' household furniture, pkte, and thecontinued this week, the burlesque of " Ivanhoe" be- ing postponed for a time. ''Jency Lind" aiso holdslength reached the heavy oak flooring of the store, they • conspicuous for bad conduct. The corner of Cottage behalf, and many of tue spectators in tho Court-roon were moved to team. •One e<jual undivided nixth part of too r«»t of bis property aud«*- tttte, i* to be taken by his executors, who oro to take, coilcot and rccc-he the rents and profits thereof, ani to collect and apply the tome to the cole an<t separa'.-' use of l>U dB>i"h;er Siary, the wife of tho said JrrihJi Philips l'ho>n!>, for and during tUe residue of.learn some 'interesting particulars relative to the dispo- sal cf the little emigrants to whom aTuudon was ma le,denied. • , , ' .Mr. K-edgwiek thenrooTod for sentence- ;In reply to the UBUBI inquiry, the prisoner said lie bed nothingTo-day Miw Cecelia Burton, exectrtrix of Wax. SL Burton, appeared before Mr. Watson, the Probate Clerk, and pre- sented the Will of 1&£. Burton, to be admitted to probate.Mr. A- C. Peny gave notice of appearance to contest ibo WfflOBNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, FEBRUARY .87, 1860.aeoiire amount of debt* d«e tbe firm, withoet entertnj? bis e«Bec- tiou» on ilm bcofcj, aad retained fur Uisaoelitiae auiouatu thu» »«U lect*-d IH* -bare of ttte profits was to be «ue-tbird, and the (lr«* htd as yet made no profit. 'J'he result was a dissolution and tbehibheu this week. The bills aek, "What is it Viat in Philadelphia, a message as i^llowa: " Send' me Bowery Theater.—To-aighi Mr. George Jamison be- him that ho wa* glad to desist. The thieves wcro | y^rttiv-'ilioii b\ Vvi Coioa^r necesaar.7. it. u said that, a few iiaynoffice', for transmission to Mr. Andrew Dryburg, a Sox-nbot from one of the officers' revolvers so frightened ^Wpagf-oightb street, under circ;iru«.tances tliat rendorod ah ln- gins an engagement here. The bill is " Julius Caesar." *>reTioiis_ to "hU deuth, Farley received a blovr on the t::asp"loCalledupontosurrender,Wllich one Ofthemdidina j#"omapivceor'ir^ninthehandsofaaunknownboy,audit"isMr. Henry L. CJiutou said that be would withdraw hia oppo- sition to the passing or"*or.tr>.nce ujon the prisoner-and adopt ta snggefction. thrown out ye*terdiy, and taSte the case up on appeal by writ of error. After' tho ua-^al auction by the clerk', blr.for Wednesday evening t-.vo hand-bouqufcta, vory hand*ome», oie of five and one of ten dollars." l*y theHCK 2>VaT/-v.i—Mr. A. J. Neatie is engaged at this i ._5i __ j _„:„* •„„ rm.-~«.w„ ~„« f,«^r^»». ! thought that th«blow may har* caused denth A.s the deoeBMid very civil and quiet manner. Tho other one, howeveri, j vrnB el intemperate habit!;, other*,think he died from naturalfavor, but the Company appealed, and now the case is -again oa trial.—There has boezx quite a commotion lately at Berlin,rel«sirc to the. dietary and other laws that should be oh-rer^sd by those .Jewish converts to Christianity (we ject: ,: The Relation of Guardian and Ward and Ia-feet. The policemen who hud watched hie descent; hitsneed not say that they are few in number) who haveleft the Synagogue for the Church. Tie Rev. Mr.Thomae, a Lutheran missionary of repute as a theoio-logian, sonteads that the Israelite, although ao=epting of Judge Hogebooai of Columbia County, dissolving the," Oo*«pel" as hia guide, ia not freed from the obser- the injunction ngainst the ijale of the Brooklyn ferry vance of the ceremonial laws of Moses. This he demon- ha^cb, a etiy of proceedingH has been granted, causing, strates by cittr g the writings of the founder of hia charch; in effect, the injunction to be still bhxding, until ten eonseque ntly he forbids his Jewish proselj teeto eat pork days after the £th of March. The sale which was tothigh had sustained a compound fracture, tho bones of the leg having been forced through the flesh at rightg^rous.Onoss CAjtr.T.r.r.sxj-.ss.—Or. Friday night, acamphenelauip exploded it the boarding-house No. 330/fourth avenue, ining the present term of this Court, three! persons have been before m<« for murdero"»muiitted on these prehiseu. In all the caie* of nnu'dor triod at this Courc, the prisoners havo been young m*>n. whoso crimes can be traced to their habits and a«sociations; and in fourteen cssea of homicide which have hoen triod before mo, the crimes may be all troor.d to the use of liquor, and tue fre-or outers, or to infringe any of the other statutes of the Mosaic period.have taken place on Saturday is therefore again put off. The Controller haa now fixed upon the 27th of March an the time when the eale is to come off, and theleg at once, and it is thought that he cannot survive hio roomn, in the Gvaefenborg Institution, No. 32 1'n.rk-row, afternoon, you be hanged by tho neck till you bo dead, and mayBryant'sMinstrels.—Jerrynouhce for th:s weeic Broadway.no prospect of .getting down, he srili refused to allow were j;''**.1'} iucouvecienc-id, a%the boily could not be buried without"oti tu.qi.ient. Coroner J^.cKican je*t*rd».y took the mat- ter hi hmid. nud ttt once proseeued to aa inveai.igs.tiou of the cir- euni»tauee utteudiug the der.th.of Farley. The Jury ca-'xie to the 'cAUclttftion that. deec(««.ed c»iuf to his de«>th Iroju iutei-'iperauoe, and rendeiud & verdict strongly censarhig the -police for theirexhibition every afternoon and eveninginga to the pavement below, a distance of at least fifty;like yonrst-lf, and iji your class of life, would devote thonwel?osand D a nfeeenJS fj-om Jack Cad* nowtwo hand-bouquets for the hand—one at live and tbeothe-at ten dollars." Bat boforo this dispatch reachedPhiladelphia Mr. Drybnrg had cut and procuredlioweisfcr a large number of bouquets. Sometime and in burlesques. Several new ballad singers have at least thirty feet below, and landed on the roof, batlately been added to the company.recover damages for this hU'.nder was decided ia his . palace Garde: Van Amburgh'a Menagerie i« onbeing unable to maintain his footing EM and rolledago aj suit brought againat the Telegraph Company tonisg, while avraitiug tho departure of a steamboat from Pier No. along the roof till he fell down between ths two buiid 1. JSorth Riv,-»r, tvro runners «ot iuro a tight, during whioh one of tbern, kiiov/.a uu "Canvas Jack," stabbtid the other, Patrick Brisj! The woend wan inllicted in the groin with a large dirk- knile, :0)j! the elf-acts of •which the injured man A.-21 to t-ie pive- uitul. -UiijU wo.: yiokiid Mp aud eonveved'to the New-Y ork Ho:.; i.u1. while bis aauaiiant succeeded ia cscr.cintr. Brian'sChristy's-Minstrels.—Georgeeach performance of "The Mummy," in songs, dances,were thirty-three champion speller*. McGufFeyB Spell-ing-Book was used. All were spelled down in three T>crsonp, naa-cly, 90G adults and 614 children; tho Jiltie more expeditious in their movements, in whichtiavelod out another; quiescence quieted another;satiric satirized another; va-rilatc reeled over another; adult.«, "COo can neither read nor write. As near as isceiie, perennial, chirurgecy, ckristvuu, scrutinize, could b« accertained, there are 50 women of iil-ftimeand spooi' were also misned on." on the block, all of whom arc Iri»h. The entire num- —Six autograph letters of Sir Walter Scott to Terry, ber of stunts or.fiooiB in the 59 buildings on thia, bibok the actor, were sold in London at auction, recently, at is 171, divided into 739 room*, and arranged into 381waa the pit-fientu»ion to Mrs. H. G. Otis of Boston.of abeautiful painting of Washington, copied on a reduced-New-York....Lircrpool... . .Portland Liverpool About four o'clock yesterday nornicg Oilioera. - ccmdable, on an execution issued out ot a District Court, on a North American. ..Portland Liverpoolrear building?, which contain 382 families and 1,520hour*. The last one got the Dictionary. A corres-pondent says: '• It appears that the short and eommon 812; Germany, 218; Italy, 168; Poland, 159; Prance, to a large amount.the Jnatiuet. DECISIONS.George llartnian agt. Jarnea O. Proudiit.--J{ewtrialjjranted; costs to abide event.William Jellinghaua agt. The New-York InsuranceCompany.—Older on terms.The Marine Bank of New-York agt. Nelson Clem-ents : Charl.-^s Alt agt. Jacob W'cidenfcld ; Samuel VV. Davenportwhich the carrier would be liable, the beuelit of any iusuronca. to be effected by the owner. The abondoamcut to the msurora sg»hi«t marine pcriU of gooibj damaged during their trAnRporta- tion, under such a controct*do<>8 not give to tae insurers any rijht of action against the carrier.COLTRT ffALENOAR-Tnis D A T .U. S. BiiTitiCT COURT.—Jury eaumw.Suj-itfiM^c COOKT — GJBNXitAL Tritx. — Crirriiualnationality of these persona being as follows: Ireland, words generally conquered the classes, and not the 12; England, 9; Portugal, 7; Wales, 2; America, 10;polysyllable words. The word razor. shaved one Colored, 3d. There were in Catholic families, 1,002;: member cleanly off; tctc sewed up another; truetl in Jewish families, 287; ia ProteHtanfc families, 113.case they might have suc«ecdod iu escaping with goods . jOf the 600 childreii, but 166 attend school. Of then#t. Jasper W. Gilbert, et al.; Farmers' mid Citizens* Bank ofOn Friday n;yht, tho frame building belonging to the Long Inland oat. Austin Shannon; John A. Chesmou ast. lsuao oansv-n.3Jf>, 121,414.Svrxmo* ConaT. -Adjourned for the term.HJaovcxneuis o f O c e a n HttatKOra. TO DErAJSLT.the sale vi the,library of the late Charles Richardson, t^Gfimtnta or apartments. All but 35 were occupied; apartments with her, and fitting up the same with ex-Lees about $5,000. Fully insured. The store of Mr. C.M. Pinr», aid the building adjoining, occupied an' a tin- action on contract, and no order to arrest and hold the defendant ehop. ako took lire, and were considerably damaged. to bail having been mode before judgment, it was irregular andthe author of the dictionary. They were knocked these nnoccupied tenement* contained 73 rooin*. . In dowifal f'.' each. They had already been published in many instance* two families would occupy one of these Locklart's Life, but stiii the price paid for them is ex sni»il apartment*, and in fteferal cases three Italian -«eed;^giy low- - families were found occupying a single room of smallpensive furniture. A short time ago a quarrel arose between the pair, in cossequence of Council's sus- picions of her fidelity, and they agreed to a Separation, Ehe retaining the furniture, which was stored tempora-unauthorised to issue an execoiiou against his person. The onlv Mr. Fine BUIudned about $500 damage by the removal easf • In which such an execution can bo ianued, under oaction 28HL*ar*. For. .««w-Y ork....Liverpool New-York....Glasgow.Dat*.reb, » .—Aruoug the many hippy occurrences of the. 0*2d, dimensions for cooking, washing, eating, and rily, and the receipt placed in her handa. Shortly af-N«w-Yark....GalwayNow-Y erk....HaTTo.....,.w.....JMa»rohlsuf a ritLiug-room, with two bedrooms, not mora than terward, however, CorulelTa jealosy incited him toXxlO feet, for lodging these ten to fifteen persons. revenge, and he surreptitiously removed the furniture scale by the accomplished artist, Miss Jane Stuart, from There are 33 basement tenements, most of them some from its place off storage, alleging that the receipt was' the original by her father in Faaeuil Hull. The gift eight, or ten feet below the gidewalk. There are at lost, and bid,, i; ia parte unknown. For this theMarch ft March? Miroh 10Miroh I* Mi irch 17 Mnroh 24April 2 ttay 1TO AitBJTJB: .Liverpool....N«w-York. .Liverpeel.....PoTtltuael.........»»«».Kah. im,. . Liverpool New-Ysnrk...........£«b. ltiB r y a n t an--even at the hight of five stories from the ground, withChristy will appear iuLAW LKCTCBX.—Judge Cl-jrke will delivor tho tenthlecture of his course in tho Law lecture-room of theUniversity, to-morrow evening, at 7J o'cloek. Sab- a bruised and mangled mats of humanity. Hia rightf.mey."Tur BROOKLYN FXRUT LKASHS.—Since the deciaioncoiice<juoiice o' the earelee-nese .of a servant «hl, who vraa at-angles. The left leg was ahio broken, and his face and teniptm- tu litjht it at o.gas-burner. Tbe lamp imd wick in ou'y quentirg of places for its sale. I>o not place too much relianceXkc Copt Ann (Mass.) Advertiser says that, dur-ing the heavy gale of the 16th inst., David Choate, parties making application for the injunction, mean- name as Louis Bernowski, and that of his injured con-time, will appeal to the General Term of the Supremo federate as Charles Murphy. The former i« a Pole. chaise, found that he must either take in ballast or his Court. It ia expected that the Court wilt have finally Ycstordity morning ho was taken before;Jcstice Os-while re^rning from that place to Essex, in a lightSUTREMECOU15.T—CHAMBHTM.—FT.B. 25.—BeforeJ us'.icechaiae would be blown over; he accordingly arrived in Eeeex, with two great ro;ka, weighing over 200 pounds, in the oottom of his chaise.decided tho question by the time now sat do *vn for the ua'e.a»d auuioua to atle^t a pursuit iu which they can best succeed, \tili hud a Phrenological Exauiiuition at !ToWU5R &. WKLLS'S, No. G08 Broadway, to oe just what they need to euable them toLcoNAun.—DKCIHIOMS.John T. Hodges ayt. Anson Wolcott.—I iim notwilling to approve the bond for u stay of proceedings with these gentlemen only a* security..Leilcrt T. Bergen ngit. Eohert D. Van Dusen et al.—Allowance to plaintiff in addition costs $150.JJuvid J. AnrJerxon et :d :tj<t. Samuel Allen ,-et al.-Canac to go on Spccu.1 Circuit Calendar for firtt Friday in MuTiFXTX POI.HTS STATISTICS.—Fiom the report made other burglarie-B in this city. Iu tic pbasossion of the There was a spelling mulch in Trumbull County, b^ Mr. S. B. Haliiday to the Trustee* of the Five prirtoueru, and iu the store, were found a lot of skeletonIsOWTiGis C L U »I AdYcrtlsemont. 1 S A U O R . —Thi«unrivaled/ ' '•Sauce,mi&tookthe bottle, and gave the child a quantity of the fit for human habitations, yet notwithstanding this the liniment. There baing considerable Crotoa oilia theiahlsgthem.Two thirds of the buildings are hardlytbo monarch of a great nation; and a moihwr's love presence ia Washiagton; second, that hiB personal rental is equal to 18 per cent on tho whole assessed linimentj it proved almos instantly fatal to the child. cocas O? OrEE. AND TEIt&IINZIXr-yKB. 23.—Sefore prrfttii' suit. An order w»» madeappolatlu^ Mr. MoBiralh Ke-hotae-race in the hippodrome—one of the moot im- life he loved a beautiful countrywoman, who was tora resort to the hydrants in grog-shops to obtain their sup- a few days ago, in our City colunnie. From T/te Car- to say wuv j».dgir<ent-should not be pronounced upon Mm.portant parts of the festive occasion—from Mon layMr. Hohn.s, rds oounsel, addressed the Court in ni* hfthair, from him by th© church, and placed to wither in a con- ply. This is a most mischievous and corrupting ar- lylc Reveille we have an account of their arrival at saying'that he had been requested to make a statement to theanta the sneceedbg Snnday, so that he might graoa it vent. He then consecrated hia life, throngh her, and rangement, and there ia undoubtedly design in it all. that place, " ect up " by one of a ehnilar band token Courtinrei'orwoto the pooition of the prisoner to the bank- on bobalf of the widow of do/vawd, Khzabeth Burton, wbo r»- He was led into tho conmmteion of his first crime some few years sides in London: By the "Will offered for probate, Jane Livingston*r.tfc hi* presence. " Bnt the son of theQnaeo of no other passion haa supplanted this of his youth ! He•LKCTUUKS THIS WEEK,—Dr. H. S. Gilbert will de-liver a lecture at Hope Chapel this evening, on " Dip-out last season, and then indentured to a printer. Mr. age, through temptations which ft>v/ could rewwt. After having j Burton is ramed as the widow of the deceaeed.]Kf>g)ftnd had received a different education from the gentlemen of the Committee, and answered positively and emphatically .that •he eonld nut be present at the race on the holy day of the Lord,' and the Committee postponed it anew until the next Tuesday, when it tx>lcAllen, the indenturing agent, who accompanied tholast 40 children to the West, sends homo the followingtaken bis fin,t hi!»e siep, ho endeavored to retrieveiaud to replacetbo mouej« which he had taken from the hank. The rumors by ! the public press that these money* had been spent in dissipationwere incmiect. for from the time of the taking of the find falieM . TAirvwMsatsilia'sffi^OTtt' rfWTM T^A ,^I^I-..»W»corresponds with her atiil as if they were youthfulMr4*6 C»n«i street, who deposes that he was well acquainted withloTers!rthe deceased, during bis life-time, and that he knewhim after Mmafter considerable trouble, and a desperate leap by one of them, they were taken into custody. Subsequent examination showed that they had gained an entrancedies were unusially numerous, aud, so far as could be observed, v/ere allowed to continue their riotous con- duct, without tie least interference on the part of theson*, which had passed from him without considerationi, which property was placed in the bands of tho bank, with Hview of making good i-o far as lay in.-hls power the loss occasioned by his iKin't misconduct. If there'are any circumstauoesher j which can be taken into counideratiou, as .a reason for mitiga,i<ig the pnuishment of the defendant, wo respectfuU* and earuKaily hopehor«ts and oerrldgas; ihe dweliln{ Uo;fie in waich he th«\o\oi. situate on tho cort-er of Bowlins? Green ana State street, in the said city of New-York, and ihelo'. and jroundx appurtenant there- to. The executor* and irnzn-vx are Oitected sas-it aoid^, out of nu» persona] estate, the sum of one hund-ed thousand dollar*, audt* li.vctt aud keep the same invested durinr tho residue of t i e lifeaccidental poisoning."prentice to a plasterer, for which trade ho wa» dostinod gation." Mrs. Eniilv P;"Leadernier will give'one of School, end onr children ao interested the teachers by their rael- channel* of cbence, had amounted <-n HOOK* oocafious as hl*h as "VVm. 8. Burton was the iseuc of this marri^e, and ho ia now aJliKOOiu a single.d*y. It might not be Improper to inform thefor by his relatives. He came to Washington on hia her poetic and dramatic readingB at the Brooklyn Athe- tatioa and aingiu5, that a matting v/aa appointed, after aor- Court that the defendant had a young aua amiable wife. His well-known pointer in London. Mr. Loft alleges that his auntSpalding will lecture on Tuesday evening before thegation jrfnintr. In the afternoon, an wc passed to our seats in tho of that long life had unvoted the best interests of hii mi nu and that he boa despatched a citation to th=m, and one of them willCatholic. Library Society, at tho Cooper Institxre.CongxeM voted him $20,000 as a compliment, on ac- Subject: "European Civilization before the Revolu- and keep you, dear children, and rah*} up frieuda to caro l\ustatue of Jackson, which stands iu Layfayette squarecount of his pucccss in that work, and gave him an *]BO tiTgcd thou* who took tho children, to bring thorn up spect of tbo community which that old man enjoys. There isto*>vtud the childvou and BU'WI, in a fervent manner: 'God bless1 need not state to n citi^eu of that position iu society which,tion." The Rev. J. P. Durbin will delivor a lecture, you; and when jou die, may you all $o to Him hi neaven,' Ho your Honor holds, tho high charaet-nr for integrity and the re- of the claims of tbo parties. Ey tho testator's Will, OcUU, JRo-notices, the following formal one: " Miss E'iz* Circer order to make an equestrian atatue of Washington, at in connection with the exhibition of Solomon's Tem- in tho fear of tho Lord, Most of tho children have g-no into another relationship of the defendant, so sacred una w> ho!y in its character, that J shall foroear cilusicn to it, except to leavo itsino, and VL'sinia Bmtoc, axe only recognised as his children. John C. Terry, for contestant; Cram it Fowler, for executrix.WILL OF STKI'JJKN WHrTNJBY,has been adopted a* an own child into the family of "William P. Armitage. Her name, horeafcer, will be Eliza Annitage.a ceet of $50,000.—The new Republican Chief Justice of Iowa ia notple, on Tuesday evening, in Ninth street, two doors the eonnfxy with substantial farmers; many of them are ad jptod, to theiuflueu"e'H and imp+fhw which ijiust be eugnud«ied in theeaet of Broadway. Mr. Thomaa F. Harrison will lec- and I think all of them have good hoinen, hearts ot all, in view or its sacred character, i hare no intenti.-na spiritualist, and has voi " a castle at Keokuk for the —T*e. l.ynehTiitrg Virginian says: " We were reception of hlo invisible ghost*." Will thosii of ourrargou-.cnta for tbo next company, and return homo."been deemed to earry forward this prosecution : but there ore a few feature* of thia case which wo of tbe defunse think jt right and proper to place brforo the community. 'JL'ho aged father of the prisoner became sponsor for his honesty tj> thi* iusti'.ution,offer»d for probnU', and a citation ordered, returm»t>le March 5tlu The provision* of the will are in oubnliiuce as follows; 5 "HIH son-ln-luw, Jonas Philips Pbceplx, four sons, Simucahown, tri yesterday, a beautiful cane, gotten ap by a gentltman of Bedford, to he presented to the Hon. LT.exchange* who see thia paragraph, please to copy it injustice to an excellent gentlemen, who is greatly an-5. Whitney, Henry Whitney, oteph^u! Whitney, jr., Wiilianx SXIEEKT ROWDYISM, ON SUNDAYS.—Almost every und in making a /espop«e after the fearful di»<:4very of the defal- "Whitney, and his ltiend Francis Gxiilin, br such ot them as shall cations, did not ask ofjbbuseli the question' what'the law mi^ht qualify and unumn upon themselves the execution thereof and pleasant Sabbath, our street.'? are infested with corner- demand at his hands, "put promptly and oven cheerfully in view to* survivors aud rurvivor ot th».-m,arc (appointed the executor*A. Kdrouodson, as an appreciation of his condact in noyed by the currency which this report has obtained. 1 switching' John Hicltman, in the streets of Wash-gongs of idle and vicious youths, ranging from five .to of the saceifice. but with u sorrowful and breaking heart in view end trustees unuer the will and testament. He give* to hiaington, the other day. The can* has a heavy silver head, upon which is engraved, ' To .Hon. H. A. Ei- xanndson, the man who whipped one of the eighteen pillion.'" .—The books of the late Mr. Barton are to be sold at auction early in the ensuing month- There are some 15,C00 volumes in ail, of which one-third at least arc the varioo..*"edition* of Shakespeare, and commentariod on his works, published doring'two centuries through-out the civilised world.—The Kew-Tork (lady) correspondent of Tl.zTheater will be given this evening.i • LIBERTY .—of the necessity for itj transferred to this iuotitution every dol- twenty years of age, who pass the entire day loafing in lar's wcith of real and pers«nal property he! possessed inthi< the open air—often wrangling, and fighting among wcrld. Ee even went further, and earnestly desired his venera- ble wife to relinquish tho homestead of the) family which hadwifo iaoiriift, her executors, administrators and &»xig««, all tb« State ttocks, or stocks in any incorporated companies, which. shidf stand or be in her nsme at the ttmelof hia deceme, and also all such suras of money, balances of account, and other fund*. Including hoth principal and interest,.which shall st tlie lime oC his death be placed to her credit on his books of account; theCITY ITJSMS. ,DKSI'KUA T?.BURGLARS—A LKAr tonthemselves, au<i insulting passers-by, to the disgracebeen settled upon her years ago, and which was tho proceeds ofture on Wednesday evening before the New-Y&rk City Library Association, at Blceckor Building, corner bf Bleeeker and Morton streets. Subject: "The Moon, and her Influences."The third of the English Concerts at the French•'1 fclii'Jl spend some time in.vklting our children, mak.^ or* to cast a siugie reflcc'.i^n upon the institution whoso d-ity it has , Tlie vrill of the lato Ssephen Wb\tvoj ha« hamhis earnings, ao that tho hank might rpceive it. On tho inter-AxrsKMx.vTs.—Divers coining changes arc indicated About 11 O'clock on Saturday night two burglars were of the city and the gi-eat annoyance of those whs wish views tcGtitied to by Mr. Monoghan, whon tho defondaut, after •aid htock, sum or sums o' money, balance or balanctrs. aud•feide of extravagatce, they are not wholly delusive,and we ourselves have faith in them to that extent to the building by means of forcing tho padlock of a police. The avenues and side-streets wore thronged that tlicy may bavo their woight. Should the maxunuci period time of hi" wiuow in bonde and mortgages within the State othat we do not hesitate to believe in speedily forthcoming sew plays of greater or less merit, got up with moreheavy gato in the rear. This admitted them to the with them, and their boisterous conduct and blasphemy of puuhihment be meted out, the dtiieudaut on hia relea JO from' New York, or In the public stock* of the United,State., or at tbe Lis confintment, may find all that is mortal from hia vtmerablo State or ci'.yof N. Y., or ofsome such safe incorporated compttny ; basement underneath the store. Being ouce kuude, became an unbearable nuisance. If by chance a po- parents beneath the. SOUKof the gTavo, upon th« margin of which ar.d<h&t tbey shall and do a;>pjy to the use of his wife during tacSpringfield Republican writ*** aa follows of Lticy or less disregard of expense. Though the " Heart of they carefully closed tbo gate again, that suspicion liceman ordsrell one of thete groups to make leas noise, andtbe months cf fearful mental. agony rto the prisoner which of thia ism ;t- cs? r»f,qi;<>*tR and d«vi-*;H intended t<<be accpted ;might not be excited. They then tried the doors Lead- bin back v?a&hardiv turned before their rowdvism was have intervened since his arrest, and while in tho nolittir o of his • byherihJieucf dower* T iosum oftiitythjusauddaUnrsis to b-s Stone's ;un-.;>tur»riC(*£last week, at the Cooper Institute: Midlothian " be announced for another week, our faith ctlli awaiting in the terrorw of suspouue for a trial, deter nine to I invested during the residue of tho lifetime of his daughter, Kme- '; Jr ;.-• •:^rrcmellfij^cuH to maso the Luc? Stone ia not shaken, and though the Poor Young Man" ing to the store above, but tho bohs and bars proved renewed. ineth out to'him a mean between maximum and mininfnm pf- i l>i>e Uore, v.Jfe of John Uor-, in bonis md mmt;it?es, within thoonThursday evonBHKSieiu.ic^i.1 with the Lucy Stone ttilllives,3etdowohelievo.Iel four years aco. Tbb bright cheeks were there, thegirlish ngnre, the musical voice; but the old atuaranca,the j>erffcot self-poise, the rapid, confident, slightly saucyutterance, were all wanting. She did not seem letsearnest, but less assured. She told her old story ofwomen » ie<al disability and wrongs, bat not iu tltc olddemanding and aecunt tones. The mother's heart had its place on the bills, and Mrs. John Wood will everysatisfied. Thep:i*onerwillvie^vthoactol thoCourtvith the oroftheStateormounted a pile of dry-goods boxes aad commenced avenue*, a gangof well-dre«»od young men, who knew deepest gratitude. 'city of N».w fork, or of some »»f- iuoo;poraiedtoo leoc^re for then to displace. Accordingly they In Bieecker street, between the Sixth and Eighth rioda cf punishment, we think ;.ho ends of justice will be fully Slate,of $iew Yor">rk, or in the pubic stocki of ttie Unite* Sta'.e*^At the Winter Garden, the " Governor's Wife " haamade a'hit as unexpected as it was welcome, aad ia pulling down the plastering overhead. Having at, ho"W" \o behave themselves better, were particularly The prisoner was deeply affected on hearing thi« appeal in hia to be invented lor the beneht of hi* sister, Susaunah Wiiitncy-produced a brace and bit and bore'd through the floor,till at last they had a hole large enough for them toplace and Houston street, formerly one of tho quietest spots in the city, has of late been a favorite resort ofThe Judge then sentenced the prisoner In the followiu;; words: The offense of which vo« have been found guilty, ia on > involv-Man " is to be played nU the week, and the " Heart " soemo that they were not content to retreat with what j ears of ago. These engaged in a fracas with a sim- They have at times been committed with a rockleiisne: s which The remaining lw'>-«ixtha are bequeathed to hhs aons, Stopmmthey still adhere to their pet idea of an oratorical mis- ever, announced as positively ths last week of this wall which ehvt them from the hall-way, aud, having j Several passers-by were struck, but no policemen ap- the third degree. iS'o ore who haa heard ttio teatlmoi y whi ;h not by r'-pieient.aiion, including the issurrof any stiuchHi orsion, and occasional.Jy leave t^eir homes and their babies ciuva passage through, ascended, to the sccoad story, peaied to check the warfare, nor was anvthing known waa before the jury could doubt as to the propriety cf tho ver- grandchildren thtn deceased leaving irsne then aiir»i who shallto talk on a public platform, thoy do so in a much more drama. dict, and acting as that jury did, under the solemnitj of their take tho some share together, If rn.-.re tcan oiie. which euoh snbdned and womanly way than of old. The brothers This is also the last week of the Circus ztNiblo't Here they forced the door leading to the salesroom j about it at the precinct Stfttion-House unVJ a cuizen oaths, they could not hi the conaiious duchurgeof duty have de:tos-ed pf.'ent or parents wvuld have t^k^n if ii»ir.g. Tha trsx-Blachwell majried^these ladies wiih a full knowledgeol their strong minded tendencies. "Was it in order to „ undertake the fascinating task of ' taming' them, ai did the husband of Shakespeare's 'Shrew?' Antoinette BlackvTell has a noble nature, and so burdened is it with the sorrows of humanity, and a sense of iUi own high' WTju-irro, that h«r voice st-^mt* broken, and her words co^ce low and slow. While on Thursday even- ing, here stood '-Lucy,' talkhrg, to be sure, you blush- ing jand tremblincr as she never did in that little, ridic-rendered any other. The particular offense set out ic the in- totnr then piovides far the ippoiutoaent, by his trus'res. of thie» Garden, as the entire company of equestriana, acrobats, of Messrs. Ham ll cc Booth, uiik manufacturers. The entered a complaint, whereupon one of the Sergeants dielmen: only applies to a comparatively small amount of commifpior-T*to'maVepattiflon or partitions of his residuaryacts. The one thing that mars the excellence of this ulous, impertinent Bloomer, that she used to wear." t ntertiinment is the exhibition of the trained ponies,—Tho mother of Castius M. Clay, a vsner&ble Ksn- tncky n>atron of eighty years old, or thereabout, was told of * report which had got abroad, that the zealous Pro-Slavery men of the county in which her son lives, had given him notice to quit. " Thoy need nor. give Ca*eics notice to quit," said the reaoluce old lady, "he will not go; and for my part I had rather eee him without hia head, than hear of hia deserting the noat of duty."—A case has juet come up for a second trial in Phila- delphiaofmuchimportance. InNovember,ISOi,2£r. lioheu Le Koy of New-York, left at the telegraphwhich are not well trained, which do nothing that ia atall remarkable, and which, to nine tenths of the Lambert 4c Co. Wagner has been in the habit- of j >c0 material change of rates of lake insurance wa3 crimes* yon nave committed. The cup of tho transgressor, ingymnasts, contortionist?, etc., depart for Boston onstyle of goeds found hore seemed to please them hotter, slruiled ki&urely oil' t-j look after the man at that post. money. Your admissione. however, as proved upon_ fho trial, estate, rei»l find person-!, or eo much iiul a-'cii par'.s '.hereof a« his ahowa that by a series of similar frauds, iho defalcation extcu'.ors and Uustt-e* may, from time to time, thin"* capalile of and iu Bele<tiug about $4,000 worth of choice fabrics Sone enicient action should be taken by the Superin- caused by you, in the funds of tho iastltution wh-*re p:iitit'.on, or.d submit to such cornniisiuonors f«r that purpose.Saturday night next'. During this, their last week, anumber of new feats will be performed by the Hanlone. they displaced considerable good taste. But being still tendent of Police to prevent a repetition of such dhi- $60,0CO. Tho Ui>trict Attomry haa deemed it his dutyUEButiEficdJ they mounted another flight of atahs. On graccful Sabbath-day .sceno?. Gold'' wiii bej resented every night, and Mile. Zoyara, this floor 1 hey broke down the door leading into theto havo more than the usaal numhor of indictments found Tho te*-tnter discbarges all of bis cnild'-eu from all and every for tho variouB offenses commit >d by you, RO do:;b; B-im or i-ums of money which had been advanced or paid to or forThe gorgeens f.pectacle of'" The Field of the Cloth ofMr. Robinson, and Mile. Heioise will appear in newbecause from the poculiir nature of the transactionroom occupied by John Stoderraann, but did not seem j IJMUJIANCE OX THE I!*AT:I:S.—The Board of Lake it might bo in many cf them difficult properly to place tho tacts before tho Jury. Ho stated, however, upon the trial of'theto fancy arything here. They then returned to the | Under writers, which has been holding its sixth annual present case, that his should be satisfied with one conviction aad punishment, aud would not bring on "the other indictments forlloor beloSjv, where they were discovered by John sesrioc in this city, adjourned on Friday, to meet again trial alter that event. These con»idorationa havo somewhat in- J. Wagner,, a clerk in the employ of Meesrs. Dexter, fluenced mo in the judgment now to bo rendered. I refrain on the third Monday of February nexty in this city. from speaking of the comie-iuanccs which must follow from thothem,respectively, cr on their lcspcctive account by him whether the >uu« be or be not entered or charged ii hia books or otherwise, and declarrs that no such suio or .-"jmii! of money- shall b>~ chirped against or demanded from them or th<.-ir shsxe ii. the estate. The will wis ntgned on xlov. IT, 1351, and D. Thomp- son of No. 25 Lafayette piaca, Frederic Bronson of Jso. 43 East Fourteenth street, and J. Larocque of No. 3 V'arick place, are the witn«-f»>-«>s to it.A codicil bearisedate Nov. 17,1259, is annexed, in which th*elao'sH appointing tho <-x«?cut-5rs rnd tr^^t^es i^ r<*-70S.-*d in conse-qi>eijce ol the <.,enth of his tons ,£tti;u\cl i. Whi.:icy aid Stcpacn."VVhitwey,jr. In the pl;-.ce of lh«-m he e|)puicli- IJW«on Wouaudience, are a bore. The ponies arc an equine nui- sance. Can't they be abated ?almost every instance, will ut some time overflow with sorrow. ri«ephig injthe store io* some time past, and on Satur- } made, except as effected by the classification of prop- I have no desire, by anything that I could say, to add to tho bit-day night, ihaxung silent the evening with a friend, waa ! erty. So the organization continues aboul the same as terness of £he regrets aud grief which yon must feel when you remember what you have brought on yourself in ths Ions ofWhitney, hi» sons-in-law Ferninand Suydim and John D^rt?, Broadvay Boudoir.—Mr. H. Watkins hastaken thia preparing io go to bed, whon he heard a noise in the lasi year. Cupt. E. P.. Dorr, John X. Gardner, and character,-of home, of friends, a* well as on those who arc dear oud Lw' graudsorts L'tiiilit-s Thejuix andCeorce lieary Warrcahonpe, and opens to-nhjht with hia own play of " The Hidden Hand," Mte. Charles Howard personating the heroine.In tho solitude to which you will bo consigned, these reflections will often present themselves to yonrmind. I trust they will be improved by you in such a manner that, when you are re-BOus toiincrerise 'he »«m of £56,000 to 55l23,'>u0 In tho codicilhe tauies the grandchildren towbsm (living at th&death cf anyfor every afternoon aad evening this week. Anotherfie or in quest of the burglars. As soon as the thieves jnondescript, half man, half monkey, seems to have feprnngupIrcmtheinteriorofAfrica,andwillheev-jcaughts-ghtoftheoliicera,oneofthemtriedtothrowjbudding vijhieh excited hie suspicions. He proceeded j J.>hn D. Jone3, were elected the Executive Committee, to you, in the bitter ntlliction which they are called upon 11 bear. ofTroyl The clause rer^rdhu; hia daujhtcr Kmclinf is alteredto the street for a policeman, and soon returned with j and T>.P. Dobi^ns Secretary.engaged in searching the Btorc, two other officers came j scj-ricn; and wound up by a splendid collation served you will come back to them a witer itnd a belter in:m.;Thcjsew-Xbrk Boardof his syrvivinj children to whom fourth parts cf hi* estate ar» Officer Higgins ot the Sixth Ward. While they were I treated tho gentlemen very handsomely during the stored to that society from which you ar« now to be aeperated, deviied) the shares a'e to be distributed on the deatli of eachBamum's Museum.—" The Octoroon " is announced ! to their assistance, and they all proceeded to the second I! in the rooms of the New-York Board.The sentence of the.Court ia. that you be confined in the State Prison, at hard labor, for three year-"and three months.. 3XFr"*N.CK OF MORTIMER S1IAT TO RE HANGED.child rilspcctivolv. "Their names are Mary Jaroline Warren, PliUlipe Vho.-nix, Harriette Whitney Bronson. Stephen, Whit- ney l'no*nix,aud Lloyd Phcenix, children of my dauxhtorMary; FerJinhnd Whitney Suydam, child of my d-iuj;hter Caroline i Harrleite WJiitney. Cornelia Lawrence Whitney, .Stephen Whitney, Maria v\*hittey, and CirOlinoSuydam Whitney,POLICECENSURED.—Yesterday,informationwasre-up a window for the purpose of jumping out, when a 0&1*<?d »t tho Coroij^r'e ollice t<» the et!'^ct that a iwai named Mortimer Sh&y, convicted :or the murder of John Leary in Oc children of my son Henry Whitney; and E veretta Conatabteera»e tho fact that he wa« not guilty of the murder. There was time the message reached Philadelphia the word house for six nighte. He appears this cvor.ing for the darted up the stairs, and clambered through the acuttle t COtu?es, Shortly after tbo.death of deceased, one of hi» rriends. no iutunt on his p>irt to kill deceasei, and even at that solemnCOURT OF APPEALS.SOTES Oi" DZCliiJONS NOT IJICl'UKi;.EXPORTED* Wdderogt. Ftllowu.Tlie reaMonahlcness of a regulation reqntring: vrar-postergers on a railroad to surrender their tickets before reachingthe stdtion nearest to that of the*r destiiia'ion, without receivingai.y check or other evidtnee of the payment cf faro, is a qunstiaaof l&w, and should not bo hubmit'.ed to tbjeJury as one of fact. Ir;sc-ms that^uch a regulation ia reasonable and valid Per S. B-Stiosig. J. It seems that a conductor tued for ejecting a pas«on~?er for noncompliance with auch a regulation, may give ovidenooof praviousihreata by the passenger tendins to prove hi* dispo»> tioh to pick n quarrel, ahheugh tne threats did not come to bUkr.owlea?c. The evidence appears to bo proper to reduce the vindictive damages to which tne conductori* exposed.Delaware Bank agt. Jatvis.One who tranaiera a eho&e in action impliedly "waxranto, ct the let'st. that there is no legal defence to its collect too. arising out of his own connection with its oririn. Tne party] ac- cepting ihe'troukfer is at liberty to act upon tne impUed.ajiersion. of the validity of the pep-.^r, aud to bring an action for its coUcc- tion. When dt-featrd, he in entitled to recover the costs incurred by him from his aisi?uor. So h:ld, where the holier of a uote, which hiid a usurious iccr.pticn in hhs binds, tr.msferred it with- out indortement and without notice of the field to the plaintifll The laiter brought an acticn ;ipon tho note, to which the d*fenoe of usury was successfully interposed. The defendant had notion oi the plea, and wa« colU-d upon to assume the conduct of tho cc- ti</u, but dechnedto do so. though denyin;; that there was any lr^al defence. Whether the osrigue*: of the note IK not boaD.-i to hring an action und procure an aojudic:ition tj to its validity be- for»- »-e cen recover up.on the implied guaranty, (,»««-«, per Cozu.~st ok. JBennett et al. agt. Brown.A Justice of the Peace re-^uiriu^ a bond npoa iasnin^un attachment againb-t a con-resiaent debtor, uudcr chap. 3jOof 1831, nee. 3'J, tbe defendant oxeeuted tho bond, and left it with tie Jiistic-, under an agreement that it was not to be uaod as the> bijsis of the proposed attachment iu caco the defcadan"; should produce to the Juwtiee u decision that a bond was uauoce«sary ia such a case. The attachment was theronissuod, aad tlio defend- a.it aftf-rwsrd producing a dcc'aio:: that tbe bond was necessary, it wo* suirendforedjand deiflroyed. Held : That tho 'defendant was liable on tie bond lcr th« iiuioges sustained by tho party againot whom tho attachment isiued. Such damages include the; coats upou a certiorari, on which the judgment recovered in tho attachment suit was reversed. The condition of the bond, thafc th** plaintiff in the attachment should obtain judgment, was not satisfied by obtaining a jud5ment before the Justice, which wa* afterward reverted.Walker otaL agt. Dtinspangh. iIt i»; the dieeretion of the Judge presiding at a trialto determine whether a question is obiectianabio as loading-, aii* a judgment will not be reversed for an error in that respect. rbecaurea witness not suiting any difficulty in giving tbe ai>«iutge of parties wan permitted to etate his uuderstan-iin^ of its import, the fact thus moved being established by other evi- dence. Tho title of a school district to i u real eststo cannot 1M»affected by the admission of one of the ttustees without tho coEt'urraioc of his collecj;uci..Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company ajrt. Calebs et aLA common cnrrior D-HT, by contract «*?iththo OWUenf,first time in a drama written for him, and called '' Wi- com-iket."Jto the roof of the building, hoping to escape in thatnllejscs that he intorincd the police at the Twentieth Ward rita- tion-House of the fact, and ruquected them to notify the Coroaer bv telegraph, -which they, promised to do. No information of tfio death v/a* received at the Coroner's ot'ioe until yesterday, hnwfvi-r, snd Ihen it came t'rojn tins i'rienda of deceased, and not ('Dm the police.m Meantime, the frienda imd ftiaijlj- of dec-usedneglect.STEAMEOAT RTJNNEB, STABBED.—On Satirday eve-moment the prisoner could not steep his soul in guilt by admit- ting that ho was guilty ol murder."The Judge oddressed the p iaoncr as follows :MoftimoHfehaY. you have been convicted of the murder of John Leary. in October list, at the liqnor-s'.oio known tt Crown's grocery store, at the Five Point*. Of your agency in taking tha life cf tha deceased them can be no doubt, although a quarrel evicted between him and Smith. You had no right to interfere, except for preaerving the peace. Instead of doing so, you be- came a principal in the aniay, and when the deceased ran away from you. you puiuued him with an open knife, aud struck a blow with such force, us to drive the blade of the knife *o lirmiy in his temple, that you could not draw it out, leaving the knife iu the wonnd. Yon frequented tho plave where this happened for the purpose of drink, and there your passions became aroused, and you perpetrated the act for"which you axe now to tulle*. The frequency with which such affrays ore originated, ar d tho disposition of no nianv to engage in them witaout re- gard to the con*eqn»iicea call for puniuhment. if young mento honest industry, in this country thoy mrty always rise to re- spectability and ind«p«ud'-ijce : but if, iail»<ad of no do'.ng, they r-^ort to houses of drinking and prostitution, spending their d*yn"hand" was expanded into hundred, Mr. Drybarginquired of Mr. Le Roy by telegraph, " Are' the twohundred, boaquete intended for pyramids ? Are thelive and ten dollars for tha table or hand?" Mr. LeHoy answered the same evening. " I wrote simply burlesques, dances, etc. They hold forth at iso. 472 himself to be taken. As tho officer was advancingmanner. He was followed by the officers, buttoward him, the desperate burglar, seeming to prefer death to a prison, took a run across the roof, and sprang with all his might toward the roof of another building..JAKUAUY A":D AI.AT.—A young wido«* giving hsr name as Mrs. Clara Hastings preferred a complain' on Saturday moruing, bct'oro Justice OSUOXTIC, against Matthew W. Connell of No. 7 Wooeten street, whom she charged with having abstracted a quantity of fur- niture belonging to her, and valued at $197. Conucii in a man ntar sixty yeans of age, and, until lately, has supported the complainant aa hh nuBfcreaa, living ia• } • • ' . '• •.FIRES.» •8 wasmadetoMrs.Otisbyalargenumberofgentlemenleast/20pLacenwhereliquoriasold;oneoftheeees-widowbringsp.chargeofgrandlarcenyagainstherBarrandOsbornoftheFirat'.PrecinctPolice,ienSuntdenie-thata^ythlm?habeen ««Wf°JJ^'°?TM& Teutonia..........New-York....Southampton ..New-York.... bouthamptott...in token of their approbation of her unceasing exertions tablishments being the corner of Cow Bay and Worth ci-devant protector, who ia now undergoing an ex-•» " .—uncovered,: a h"r0 on the piazzn in the rear mcfc execution and Oi»,o<wts upon it- Ohem«c«ipt pro<laeedoiiso. l/dUeury street, which they ascertained had imports thaU and only that. Tho verbal asreemont to se.tle the JttTlbeen caused by some hot a»hefi whioh', m i been emptied- «uit, which the plaintiff swear, was made, beln5 unequivocally Angle 8oxen into a barrel. Two harrela.of charioal near by had den ed by the defendant, and there M u - M « * t r W fact, Kdinborghj^°~ ^under an assumed name, wearing a false beard an i mu*taeb«, «n4 otherwise d>t5,/>,iaed, and gave out that !*• was goi** to Canada, il* assigned i*a*ou« for iehi $176,300. A majority of the buildings are utterly In the couree of the night tho child'*grandmother, iu vahiekh*, and would not pay for tho expense of deinol- attempting to adanaiatbr a dose of cough medicine,Untitled Documentventing terioua coneequenoes. After attending to her- capital, nnd hiw boa. the other plaintiff, attending to .tho collecting Freight to Liverpool at New-Orleans is Jd, The Ulegraph >otohw| dfpaiitinent. It appearod by the pape* s ou the motion, that af^er .self ehc. extiuguished,the lirc.whi.ih had communicattid the Issue of the urst number, the defendant, who had received the cipher word giving the rate, and. It w*» prlnU^ W Satux--..street. At every hour of every day in the week, aad amination in the promises.to malee the 22d a general holiday, and also for hergreat services in behalf of the Mount Vernon enter- until a late hour at night, there are congregated herethe first named o( these places, and 507 the other; in months, who was accidentally poisoned on the previous —Col Forbes of the Harper's Perry " diaclosuree" all, 1,054. Of these, 450 were men, 445 women, 82notoriety, quitted New-York for Liverpool in the early night. It uppeare that the child had been sick for sev- part of November last. He left in the ship John Bright, boys, and 68 girh. The entire assessed value of prop- eral day«, and that a physician Itad loft a oough hiix-proved to support the plaintift". affxdavit, it follow, that the mo- AuiCl. ••••*••••• .Liverpool....JNew-YeykBuch a crew as probably cannot be duplicated, except.Liverpool Portland Liverpool New-Y ork Liverpool Boatoa Southampton.New-York. Liverpool Portlandprise. Prominent on the liat of subscribers were thename* of Gov. Banks and the Hon. Edward Ererett, at Crown's Corner, directly opposite. On Sunday, day at No. 323 East Thirtieth street, by Coroner Jack- and several Qistinguiahed ohicers of the Navy. Jan. 22, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m., five hours, 547 catered man, on the body of Edward Quigley, aged threeA CHILD POISONED.—Aninqusst wae held on Satur-Auatralasian America New-Yotk North AmericasJ&2&i*n Farley had dsrd. on Thorsday morning, at No. 'i'iJ West tobtr lost.Whitney, William Whitney, Stephen Suydam Whitney, and Mary vvhitxiov, children of my son Wilihun Whitney."The 'codicil i« attested by Dante1Lord ot No. 34 VV"e8t Sevea- teentht ttreet, Daniel U. Lr»rd ofJNo. 45 West Nineteenth streoc,. and Psirick Hogan of No. 4'J Willow street, Brooklyn.toned down from the roof to ascertain the fate of thereckless burglar. They found him lying insensible, wound, thosgh e^ceodiu^y painful, ia not cou:idorcd dan-' in Yice, depredation, jjair-^iy and .'uiu mushjbe their portion. Dur-he.id so cut and bruised as to rondsr him- almost.unre-cognizable. A conveyance was procured, and the-wounded man conveyed to the $e\v-York Hospital,where the doctors pronounced his recovery almost im-possible. It will be necessary to amputate the rightoiietube. Tbeilr.jdwas Rcattor<»(l over the perfion of' the girl, upon the efforts that maybe tnade i:i your behalf, but mther en- who v/as in ».moment enveloped in daisies. Air. Oa«tior, one of deavor to piepare yourself for the death to which the law con-demns you, that when your life here is terminated, you may find forgiveness beyond tho srnve., Tbe sentence of the Court is that you, Mortimer Shay, for the miirdf r of which you have he^-n convicted, be taken hen je to the priscn whence you como, and that there, on the 20th day of April next, between the hours of 9 in the morning aud 2 in thethe o,>eiation. The other prisoner was conveyed to the Sixth Ward Station-House, where .he gave hisThe death-warrant was thfin signed by the Judge. Mr. Vau- dervoort read it to the prisoner, snd then handed it to Sheriff Kolly, who was in Court. Tne prisoner was then takeu to the Tombs, and the Coait wan adjourned without day.d*sc7-'/!iioti, C-mstimjilivn, chronic and malignant disrates (both lowt! and eoniikitntional), ure skillfully aud "sucoewfiiily treated. Ofiicrs hcr.rs, & to 1, auu.3 to 4.[AdrertiiiMunnt.]YOUNG MEN WIISIHNG TO ENGAGE IN BUSINESS,borse, who committed hiai to the Tomba to answer thecharge of burglary. Murphy is a Canadian by birth,is about 22 years of age, and has been connected with iucke a wise choict*.Ohio, a few evenings since. The beat speller from Poinxa House of Industry, at their regular monthly keys, a revolver, a dirk knife, a gold watch and chain, wannfflcwred by PAiscim EKOU., London, can be obtained of term.each district in the county was engaged. The prize* for meeting, we leum that on the block on which the the one op longest was a Webster's Dictionary. There House of Industry i» located, there nre 46 front and 13and numerous implements 6f their profession, Tuc prisoners weie probably not aware of-the fact thatM'r. Wagner clept in the store, or they would have been aatheir aji" t in thia city, A. J. FAUKEK, NO. 15Beekman-at. Ybiaarticle in uaperior t« the Woroevtternkitw Bauoe, aud can be ot- tahtod at oao-calfihc prioe.IAdvertisement. |Mini&Hfl of Bottles of Mrs. Y/rNSLOw's S O O T H -130 SiKVP are now ueed every year in the United States fos ChildreaTeething, withneTer-iailiiig aucoena. Relief Ja imaw dittt<i aad eertaht. Only 2* cents a bet&e."VVm. S. Corwin et al agt. The steamboat Augusts—Section Tt of the code authorizes the certificate asked for to bethe bmrcerr., Lr.pp.?niivrnear ax tho rime, throw hiu.contover -he:, and extLuguiahtd the hie before she was much burned.f Adyortisement. ] PllOI'EJsSlONAL.JoeiiCA F. ErunGr; M.D., offers his profe«nional Korrlccfi atNew-York. Irregularities and Uisca.;cs q/* Women, of every God have mercy on you.KJ'KB AT VACTOUYVIl.r.E, STATK!? MLASD.SUteu lalitnd Ifyeing Company, on the wharf at i'ac-toryville, occupied tor cutting logwood and general oL—Order pfHrmed, with contk.storage purposes, was entirely destroyed by fire, to-gether "Witha quantity of dye woods and machinery.SruciAi. TKKM.—Before Justice Bosworth.Ilolu'en, hhcecutor, agt. Sackett et al.—Case settled. Kendenhurgh et al. agt. Morgan.—This being anmaterial assistance to tho villagers.PIRE 15 CHATHAM STREKT.' • •On Satarday night,"a lire occurred in the tea store, COM.*-.;- of Chatham and Chambers! atreehs; hut, heih" dii>cov«rud at an early moment, \va» soon extiuauioheonDamage Blight.hold to boil, or thoso in whioh the right to arrest and hold to bail Lai been determined before tlio judgment in the msnnor pre- scribed by unctions 179, 180,181,182,183, 184, 2W «nd 205 ot the Cede. Tho execution naustbo Wr^io7vrlth$lP cost*, mArayo....... Juhn Schuehman agt. touia Pfeiffar.—The plamUfl Ola«aown. ov<:» for an order discontinuing this action, en the grouna tnw Bsropv hasbcen aetUed by agreement between the parties, aud tlie Amrio-Saxoiri URJscreedtobetokenlumbeenpaidandaccepted. 1he action ** ra itVRXi 15 BROOKLTH.I- replevin, to .recover po««ossion of f t o o d s ^ , w W j W TM L " NovaScotioh.. judgment in ihvor of Uorringa«t. "oner andLockw^ Ohe de- S'axon'a,... JTho Judso came to the conclusion that the errors in the ttjUd'-t. o. the Association of the Hank were not Nuffioieat toW I L I O F W M .E. BARTOK, THK AKT WIDOWS.they now stand ; and if the Court should, iu view of the<e fa-:ts, residue of he: natural life, iLe i::tere>t, tiivi.ioncx or orh.->r incomeing great ciiminalty. *JLOU not only violated that cosfideucc her natural life, on her separate' xec-sipt. One other undividedyou were employed, amounted to nearly the su-n ol" Into blx Cfjual sh-re*.ThoDistrictA-torneythenmovedforsentenceoaClinton tinted tha'. ths prisoner had dcsiretT him to say and reit-,9r *mode by any justice in tho First District.'<SUPERIOR COURT—OMKRTiAL TRKM.-ysu. 25. -Before al necure to himself, in case of aamago or lass to tho ROa&A forH. Merklo. .fudrmenta afiirmed, with .costs.Edward W. Townsend, et ah, agt. Peter Bogart, etof bifj^oodflj. '2ae Pori xttohuioad"liremon Tendered of the Code are actions which per se »ive the right to axrest and £ " ! ? T i V f ialready become ignited, and a "fow ninutea more the lieu mu«t be denied. It i- denied, with »p7 costs to the.defead- Mora-Sootuua.flamea would havo been beyond control. The fire way n t,toabideevent.B e f < ) M j n B t i w M o N C R i B j r >Keb. 18 ....Feb. as •Keb. 25 •"•*. 85 Keb. 27 -Feb. 29 Galway New-York.......... March 8 Southampton .New-York Mkroa < Southampton.New-York .March 1tjoon estinguiahed. .Tlie night pi'eviouB-ar alarm of fiw waa caused byMOTION roil INJUNCTION.Thonios McElrath and Thos. L. EcEhrath agst. Jabea Hcrbext.the esploBion of a camphene lamp on the third iloor of The parties to this suit have been engaged oiuoe the CireaasiaiaNo. t>3 Cranborry btroet. The clothe i of tho servant 1st of November lost as portnors in the publication of a monthly Saxonia...... t in who£6 handtt the lamp was, becam«i ignited, but, re- periodical called ''The Jobbers' Trade Giroular," which has been Pultontaining her presence of mind, the ghlT;ook a blanket externavolv circuUted, as an ad vt-rtit-ing medium, among oountryerty on tbi» block, exclusive of the House of Industry, ture and a liniment, the latter to bo applied externally. from tho bed and wrapped herself u > in it, thua'pre- merchants'- the plaintiff (Thomas McEltathl proourtng all the FKKIGUTH .VT Naw-OaLKAXs^—The correct quotvtiou of.to the bed and to some drosses hanyiu j by tho wall.MOID 4i'«rT5 iu advance, secretly ooltected ubout oue-half of thoday momir-s D-l*id.- >• orry P"«onteo an aibd-vit of Wm. Loft, re«!db»f( at NovTestimony will be takon early ncrt month'respecting the meritscompany, for tl.*> use of his M'A dan?hter. Tee sum of $6,000 iaAnother sixth part is bo-iU<.-athcd to his son, r<aimteL S.UnitedhingdomPrince Albertpajvwa.t*. J.......... New-York.,.. Southampton,......MarohlL..^«w-York Boston- PortlandGlaagow LiverpooL Liverpool....A<"TOK—TWOOOXT*3T-Feb. aa Marohl Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Olwww.fultonhistory.com 