 »e oanaoftfea inhabit th«[to render i t ' [or manage i t expect thobopefitr * *k Rcpubli-erty o f t h e thekeeping" ""admitt- ing reasons*?""/.infer all lh& ofallthat and hav©> theSouth. [Constitnti >rt„[lpableintent;>t that oom-ft* Ccited States, do ordain and establish this beabandonedatthefirstalarm? Iincofei waselocted,vowtittttion for die United States of Amc-ica," aceordn^gtotheconstitutionalforois,byasoctiomvl»ni- Georgiaisatthismomentsofarcommitted'to^secession State. Ifnot,timewill be'given'foranamicablead- ita^rtfe'i^^nbiity, because they were united and we wero'di'vided; as the calling of a.Convention and the arminir of, a justment of existing grievances. The questjon'nv will t?e firemen.' The oocupante were; aroused from theirv*nie by toe facta of IiOory and the words of the Con- «*touo». History shows that it was made and agreed *ol>ytheStates, thesmaller states haviniranoqoal ToscowiththelargerStates,intheadoptj ofeveryupon the members of that Convention while •in suasion by the City of Savannah, the manufacturing interest's, end outride pressure in general, will, iu all human'probflhilities, take theState of Georgia outofthe Union.'"Withperhapsatingle,exception,the:Union*' THE HOTTER THE BATTLE THE QUICKER T H B Btitz andlis family escaped uninjured from thoxcontPEAex. "—This is an old adage, but ho lees old thaa window cnthe first floor. A young man naraea Geo.tiue. If is pccnliaily applicable to the present state West in his' ftight leaped from the second story win-; rerpate interMtec ^timatkmof*is, pirates, or aviKzect insurrection, *rour peopk*»muni.ion t o iveranrderedt their fogitivorefueiDg t o ratify. F o r t h e nui.icaiion o f twelve State*eooJdnotanddidnotm»keitbindingbetween theta and the smallest State o f the former Confederacy• '••';•rtv/j.;forthemefla- lows:, not tcattteflr.x\6r did they originally enter into the dis- Monday. It will ce'rtauoly pass next week. unionprcgranme;theyare expected togobythem- Anelfolutionwasinwoduceddeclaringthatitwasia-ault and battery. Penitentiary 3 months; Augusta* WOllasiS, . ssaultaadbattery,Peniteotiary1month; Jaanee Brown,l>*t**r.J»man- They lv&sion Of a*rat awarded. |<m«overtook:revenge rx [or of traitors !©f th e eh*e>soldier-who lint u p u a n iooaeanae. >rnm, teenx"TW.Coawdrntlon, and t h e law. o f the United States whichI T ^ J T T1*4** l n Powoanee tnercof. and all troatiea made or stand between them, and have the laws respected. selves. They want a tariff toprotect,their rapidly-in- .expedient to ;fifl|%he vacancies in-the United States business as fast as it accumulates; and unle** this evil is reme- until next week, when the Court adjournedrissippi, and r*elve*. ters ttedtor•»lo >fther>value,' a n d t h e alarming excitement which pervaded theSouth.InordertoascertainfromhisownlipsHeaddressedtheLegislaturelastnightintheHouseslave,tradewhichwillbebroughtbeforetheCourt.«»THE SUNDAT THEATER LAW CONSTITUTIONAL".'—fathecaseofthePeoplevs.HoymcV.Haminn,beforeJu» tice Hoffman o f the Supreme Court, the question of the constitutionality o f the Sunday Law wa* raised b y murrer, and we give a brief abstract o f the opinion the learned Judge.!n- thisco sf»the Government fortyranny andoppresri:>n.iatheLincoln'spolicy,hevieitedhim athisresidencein. Springfield,.111.J;'.' ' _'Mr. Lincoln informed him that he was opposed to any interference with Slavery i n t h e States, or with the inter-State slave-trade; tbat h e w a s opposed t o abolishing or interfering with Slavery i n t h e District of Columbia, and tbat he was opposed to its extension in theTerritories; butadded, "that wasonlyan opinion of his." He was then asked, what would he do in the event that South Carolina seceded from the Union. H e replied that be would let her go, if Con-hall. Hedeclaredforimmediateaction,andmadea.'IstheStateandConntyCourts, anumberofimportantoases will come up for action. Decisions will be rendered in the.yxf•*After reciting the fact* o f the complaint, and the prev visions o f the law, Judge Hoffman refers to his view* of the sanctity of the Sabbath, as expressed in the case' of Campbell vs. the International Insurance Company, which he reaffirms, and then enters upon the history of our Colonial and State legislation for the protection o f the Lords Day. He traces it from tho "Condition*o€. the Burgomasters of Amsterdam " in 1656, tbe laws of- the Duke o f York in 1664, the Charter of Liberties o f1683, andthe Colonial statute of1695, down to tbe«-'*•-'xadoption o f tbe State constitution i n 1777, a n d to the law o f 1788, which \ formed the basis ofthe revised statute o f 1813 and 1830. H e then compares the Cooc- •titutions o f 1777,1822, a n d 1846, and their relation t o ' BillsofSightsandtheCommonLawofEngland.The result of tbi* historical investigation established beyond a doubt that there has never been a period a* our legislative history—sine* 1777, a t least—whem, every provision ia* to the enjoyment and right to proper- ty, a n d aa to freedom in religions profession, found ia, the Constitution of 1846, was uot as fullj a part of tho, fundamental law of this State as it is now. Tho excep- tion a* to witnesses does not affect the present question. And thus, i f t b e Legislature cannot prohibit, restrict, and modify the rights of using property oa Sunday,, under tbe present Constitution, then t h e statute* o fthe > ive fifteen J the.tHVJoever .losing wUht of it, never surrendering it. citiTft Slave Law by legialative enactments, havedeliberately rio-Aia w e must guard i t for our sons. I t ia to-day i n lar^dthe Constitution, and Kentucky will insist upon a 'repeal o fhe tahen to save Eilly Mulligan from going to the State Prison ontilaftertheargument fora writ oferror in hiscase. Tho Court of Common Pleas will hold two trial terms-during the. first two weeks of thi* month, and a general term during the remain- ingtwoweeks. ThewillcaseofMrs;Blankman,neeFanny White, will come up i n t h e Surrogate's Court on tbe return o f the citation, in a few days. - It Is understood that the will will not be contested.•'•..__—« r •. COURT O F OYER AND TERMINER—Dec L—Before Jus->wer < Werelial ehsdera.' •V-wbi< we> iniste.of all t •••-exfour years; that, weie it unattended by other threat-ening circnmstanccs would be a nmtter o f small m o -ment. But when it is remembered that a struggle ha*been going on between the two great weotions of the country will aeain obtain control of all the departments of Gov-Confederacy for forty years, the North 'straggling for ernment, and believing tbat aggressions upon o u r righta c a n b e gress did not pass a " force bill."is mad* To r<» t h e n»J, ittrjtdomination, f o r t h e power t o injure t h e South, t h eSouthern States defending their existence as equals inthe Confederacy, asking nothiug but what was given bythe Constitution and guaranteed by oaths; and wheuthat dominant, hostile, Northern section has attainedarretted without resort to extraordinary measnree, and believing that the obligation rests upon all to support the Constitution of theUnitedStates,whichisthexuprc-mclaioofevery Stateand every oitiaen, we appeal to our Southern brethren not to desert the common cause of the South within the Union : w e appeal to the conservative men ofthe Northern State*, o f all parties, w h o value the integrity of the Union, to rev*rs^ their aggressive n o - tions upon the rights ofthe Southern States by a prompt repealHe stated tbat if no one would take office in that State, o f course they could receive no benefits from the Government, a n a t h e whole expense for the dis- tribution of the, mails would devolve on her own;SPEECH O F MR. DOUGLAS.On Saturday evening the Douglas and Johnson Asso- ciation o f Washington serenaded Mr. Douglas. T h etice Gorjun.j T H E CASE O E BILL T MULLIGAlf. v' i nreying rhe>the prr •-•entat que ion, ML«si»>ipp£. a<Ahrah-im: iv thee, be*-. ten and thyself I pray thenI willrand then X be enabled jn capacity0 meet a t pi iJ have a •sure o f re*- 'citizen*o*jthe peopks )verament.States o f the history/ and organs.Theirs* oar whole) Lmaiooofu3 men aro Ofwish err* csrty, «»<1 '.ue*tsr« frox» the> i of Govern- ! TKLQi of t;:» CK>v*r*o»ent,liing it* powi,r» toefleet their;principle o f aidFederal, in the Hd- >reparo t o - tdent com— •were fronti>mmenced* dependent* re>/n a n d articlesof U.h Great.JD and assembled^ >f perfect:to form & •when ia, be L u-ger boat their branches*- ir popaha-.trie the* itleredby **enceo£ : u>e Con-bad not/ t the conrr perfect?the P e d - g powery «ppoint-tneuts o f when give t oforththe CoufetLe-thereof,'' oancedfc gerous t o vn a&aai", >»-sough. j r a l O o r -Convea— feetand te liberty is finally1itwas litatefor ordained ,<JIU- a n d r.i.e aodof New* tf»e pow* se peopfe »ir nappx- oopleof k for n o ia.iaber \m people &x aader ricoftbe >e..aoever 7 orop»pervert'a.:Aop"numbers sufficient to place itself permanently in theascendant, and add the powers o f the Federal Govern- Of their nnKfying acta, and give the Southern States that assur-Smith, Pringle, Gourdin and others.Mr. Richardson, alluded t o t h e rumored»nr O V -on the faithful execution o f the Federal law, so loag aa their cul- pable acta of State legislation remain unrepealed.\•m— —ULUI.JII .....i ; ,.i nnir.— .,.—, ....w « j contend that tl in Gowmment was- ordained and •W>««b«dby the whole people for the States and overr*Zpj*f&rJ&$+*tf*ln$&tK&,Wan.l acgJ^t^^r^Admto^a^lMwinP^Chrlslf^a —Order:^wboteyeople of the United Stutes relieve them of the and to the South^ "Stay your hand; the remedyfor ©hbgfttion to obey it. Thisconstntction U contradicted yonr grievances is in, and uot out of Uie.Union.".. .•Joi;n'TieaWafW;?#^T ' 'S -o± 1?**^/nstlca Mswcatsrr.toent.of tins Consiitntion between the States so ratify- T& ft*-l??a*- Tnn»theConstitutionagreeingwiththelarger every day, and will socn b e ponderous enough tocrushoutallopposition. Wagethewarfieroely.• ,••;S « n any State to the contrary aotwirhatandinf."This clause asserts the supremacy of the Constitu-tion,laws and treaties of the Federal Government over the Constitution, laws, courts and citizeas of the States so.loog as they remain united, but does not touch a n d wse not intended totouch the question of the right of atogether under the stars and stripes, the flag of Union, secorion ia the States which really intend to secede,terns there were three extra judge* from the other districts sit-The Legislature is preparing a hirge number of bill* ting here; and their efforts, combined with the four Judges of 1593,165,139.1369.13T3,6TT,1503,1538.SW,1548,10*1,1511,lOsaVbirth-rightoftheStates whichourfatherguardedforstrongargument infavorofthepositron assumedbythe State. H e said the recent speech of the Horn "Gridiron".and Ninth-avenue Railroad case*. Step* will alsosnore imminent peiil than at any time since Washingtonth««e nullifying statutes by the States, and a faithful execution of the law.A. H. Stephens was calculated to mislead, and declared that secession could b e exercised only by each State separately. I f South Carolina went out the ether cotton States would follow.CHARLESTON, Saturday, Dec. J, 1860. A tremendous open air gathering was held in front ofthe Charleston Hotel to-night.Col. Bilbo of 'Tennessee made an encouragingspeech, and said that Tennessee would secede withinthirty da>s after Carolina,i Speeches were also made by Messrs. B. J . Whale,yS. .ad owlBrntcef. ofe murfo m fact that Mr. liucoln is to be President for the next lmtlng a plain provision of the Constitution.is ill prepared to taketo-crowed the Delaware. That danger ariiee not from thenxnt to its means o f oppression, well may we regardthis as the great danger tbat constrains men of all par-ties in the South to bury party feud* and band togetherfurdefctrse. Our 'deliverance from this great danger, by the North and South, until the aggressions upon her constitu- inlrhy opinion, is to be found in the reserved rights o f tional right* become.more intolerable than revolution.attempt garrison the harbor forts.- He said he did not advocate taking them immediately unless troops come to occupy and Mr. Douglas responded. In the course o f his l e - them; b u t if those forts were manned, they would bethe States to withdraw from injury and oppression-^which was retained by those wbo formed this Govern- NORTH CAROLINA LEGISLATURE. mentforjustauchanemergencyasthis. Embodiedin On Tuesday,Nov.27,intheNorthCarolinaSenate, the reserved tights o f the States, is the soul o f Ameri-can liberty—the great saving principle to which alonethe Southern States can- look at%a. Live. This savingpjiixijle• must perish under Black Republican rule.Then g o down into Egypt while Blerod reigns i n high tax on all goods, ware*, and merchansUe, brought into thismarks he said that to be thus welcomed by those who knew him so well inspired him with new.energies in his public efforts. Hereferredwith pridetothefact that during the past canvass he had been able to avow his sentiments in all parts of the country—in the North, South, East, and'West... From Bangor to Missouri h e had •• advocated t h e principles e f equal rights, equali'ustice, and equal protection to all citizens. H e b c - ieved t h e perpetuity o f .the Republic depended upon the triumph o f t h e principle o f non-interventiun. H esaid the * federalGovernment had no power t o inter- fere with Slavery anywhere except in causing the r e - turn o f fugitive slaves 'agreeably to the law and Con- stitution. He held the Fugitive Slave law tobe binding upon all good citizens; and if it had been car- ried out in good faith the Republic would not now bestronger than the Malakoft' and Redan.. Orders are already coming into Charleston for goodsformerly purchased North. Jobbers andimporting merchants are in high spirits, and a better feeling pre- vails in financial circles.GEORGIA.SAVAHNAH, Saturday, Dec. 1,1860.All tho banks of this city suspended specie payment this .morning.Judge Eugenius Neebit, formerly one o f the most conservative m e n o f the Stato, advocate* immediate fcceeerion.KENTUCKY.LEBANON, KrJ. Dec..1, 1860.Intelligencejustreceivedfrom(^liimbia,Ky.,statesthat fifteen negroes and one white man, their loader,Tbe District-Attorney moved for sentence on the prisoner.Mr. Brady said this proceeding had been carried to a point where anything that should be said for a stay on the judgment hhouldbesaidnow. BeunderstoodthatMr. Phillip*hadcalled atJudgeGould'sresidenceatTroywithadraftofabillofex- ceptions, bnt the Judge had refused to grant a stay o f proceed- ings. Consequently, under authority of the statute, a similar application had been made before a Judge o f this district, w h o refused, on the ground that a note had been received by the Jos'jtioes, requesting them not to interfere in this case untiljuter ths arrival of Judge Gould of Troy. :.;'V••Judge Gould said tbat he had made no such request. <Be then sent in to Judge Sutherland, explaining the• mistake* and applied for a stay of proceeding*.Mr. Brady again addressed t h e Court, asking a postponement of tbi* sentence until the next meeting o f the General Term of the Supreme Court, on the grounds—first, that matters pendingJodea, it is the means o f saving the liie of this Emanu- el oi American politics, and wnenin afteryears it shall be told you, that they whosought thelifeofthis Prince o f Peace a n d Fraternity a r e dead, you may come o u t o f Egypt and realize all the fond nopee of patriots and sages, o f peace on' earth a n d good will among men, under the benign Influence o f a reunited Government deriving its just powers from the consent' of the governed.That theState of Mississippi mayevince to her gloriousUnionwouldyetbe preserved.Southern sister States the interest «be feels iu the com-yoon danger, 1 recommend that Commissioners be ap- Sinted tovitit such ofthem asmay^convoketheir sgislatnreS'Or call Conventions to take into considera-phens's late speech,JudgeD.saidheindorsedevery sentiment it contained, audit inspired him with the hope •that there Was a party yet strong enough to save the Heaccepted"theGeorgiaplatform,inallits The Personal Liberty bills should neverupon atanotherterm ot tbesame Court;.andsecond,that theprisoner had been convicted on a charge which nobody pretendedhe badcommitted. ThereWMadistinct variancebetween the'indictment and the proof. An error o f this kind ought not to. besustained. I t would seem that i t was no consequence whetherthe defendant was legally convicted or not, provided publio opin-ion was against him.. It. was, the sacrifice that seemed to be. re-quired. The defendant was ready to make an affidavit to the factthat he was an important witness in a case expected to come o Vin a short time for ti ial in another State—a case involving largeinterests, and in which the testimony ofthe defendant was oftheutmost importance. •Allthat Mulligan didwastoyresistaa authorities. I attempt' to arrest bim, when be believed, as any other man would1'fce only man of the Revobationwho was unfaithful wasfromtheNorth. Benedict;Arnoldi-eatsunder the scornofthewotIdasatraitortohiscouutry..Thel}° *%$£^F$*S£allowed w*U* £ J«»*rt^«at'si answer alio—. - — .ButletT»8hecalm,temperate,anddiscreetinaction.Letnotthisgloriousnation,that,initsinfancy,withbut3,G0O,UkJpeople,beardedtheBritishlion,bedi- thedelegatestotheCharlestonDemocraticConvention\&BforFlorida,settledasshehasbeenmostlyby: —Rhode Island—until on her ow n terms and in her notstand..'..•'..•'•-. .",.: ,-, -•.•..•'.; -.-.-,.. elaveholding States by her geographical petition,she[ByTelegraph.] -i«...;.'..•••-• ———.-.•own time, ber governj;n act made her one o f the States of the new Confederacy. Again it is asserted that hesupremacyofthe Federal Oovernmeat overthe Stfcteswaseetablishedand agreed toin theseventh eiamse of the sixth article o f the Constitution as fol-i >SOUTH CAROLINA.COLUMBIA, Saturday, Dec. 21, I860.of BefugS: Catbnrine O'Brien, petty: larceny, Penlteattary « < mence*. It will be marked by the traasaotioaj otk larger amount montl-c: Ellen O'Donnoll, assault a n d battery. City Prises I * 1The Constitution defined the rights of State*. I t can hardly do otherwise.;.-...; Tbe proceedings ofthe Legislature to-day were eon-1 of business than usual. On the 6th Inst, ths Supreme Court, days; John Perrigan, petty larceny. Penitentiary 4 'mtmaUf ^didnotmeanthat youshall invade your-neighbor's privileges and rights. Such was, not i t s language or irUnt. Ifthe.Northwill minditsownbusiness,and tl e South attend to its own concerns, we of the mid- dleStates,wewill make aaappoalrand riseupand"Theabove-mentionedStatesareallcountedonas certain, and as the onlycertain ones in t h e secession movements. The Northern SfnvcJiolding Stales areThomas Peterson, pettylarceny,Penitentiary6months; Wasw{ Smith, s>cault and battery, Penitentiary 4 months; J o b s Thoarp- , ion, petty larceny, Penitentiary 3 months; (hiortm Tboeaaav isrsnlt and battery. Penitentiary 1month; Thosns* wilaeau**>5 » " ! L ? * * m **1 °»a»er the anthority of the United State* Ar-.A w e say to our Southern brethren, let there be no creating manufactories, which t h e cotton States will •t«a b«toeMorpremarlawefthelandjand theJudireaof everr illblood;stayyourhands,we haveagreatstakein nevergive.P***^*11 ^ bona4 thereby,anything ia theCowrtitatlou or thisL'Bionand"this Constitution. Wehavemarched "Itis^hua seenthatthere areradical reasonsforSeniit^^Dm SouthCarolina. Mondaynext,Itwill headoptedoa died'byanactofth*Leghrtatttre,itwill'soonbeimpossibleforaV casetobereachedduringan average lifetime. Duringthe last*»• • i&m COURT CALENDAR-T%is DAT. . , SUPREME COURT—CIRCSIT.—Part L—Xo*. lS«t_ ,arid we will ever march under one flag. •.To the sundering of States, and war, and murdering, rather than in any fear of Abolitionists, exists the realand plundering of each. other, is the feast w e are in- vited to—so we say t o the North, retrace your steps; arieefvou men of.conservatism, and put down fanat-lingagents.;The police regulations of the State will be made morestringent, and effective measures are being perfectedincreasing fester than it wa«<disposed of.| The Supetior Court will bold a General and Special Term, and SuritEME COURT—SrECiAL TERM.—Demurrers.— . two Trial Terms, if any place can be found to suit the purpose, No*. T/H,12,16,17,21,M,26,27,*, 29,J9|, 3t,31,22,», 34,3»Vwhich ia very doubtful. The General Term calendar contains 63 .'SUPERIOR COURT—TRIAL TERK.—Part I.—Xotv-rA wealthy planter of Mississippi, a native of Maury State to reeume this with the other granted power* icism North and South. What we dole* usdo calmly, County, Tennessee, and a Breckinridge Democrat, andtoceasetobeoneoftheUnitedStates.TnisCon- coolly,anddeliberately,andletouractionbehar- pastedthroughthiscityonSaturdaylast,andrelatedforthepurposeofputtingthecoastinastateofde- causes,andtheSpecialTerm58,adecreasefromlastmonth. 937,33€f,-;15,1045,385,7.1095.1067,57,»,'661,tftj 24*,1BX,"Eetoired, Tbat the party thna implicated in the crime of rio- charge of the executive department ofthe government and insistRet<Avtd, Believing, as w« do, that the oouiiervKtire men oftheance that tho«e righta wiU be supported to the fuU extent o f t h e Constitution.kill, would be sentenced.ride his counsel, Messrs.appeared in bis customary genteel apparel, not exceptiag his un- approachable black kid gloves.Retilved, That Kentucky win stand b y th o Union, insisting on the faithful execution o l every provision o f the ConstitutionMr. Thomas o f Davidson introduced the following res- olution: .Rnoivtd, That t h e Committee o n Finance b e and they are hereby instructed to inquire into t h e expediency o f levy&g sState from any Northern States which have paused tha Personal Liberty laws, and thereby nullifying the Fugitive Slave law, and that they report by bill or otherwise.Mr. Thomas said that he would take this opportunityof stating his opinions on the distracting situation ofthe country. H e said that he had conferred with themost intelligent men of his eection, and that he wouldwith them stand firm in the Union—that the passageof this resolution would touch the North i n t h e rightplace. H e entertained the hope and belief that this in peril and danger. Referring to the Hou. A. H. Ste-: in one Court o f Oyer and Terminer could be taken up and acted 1788,1813, and 1830, have been illegal and void. T h «under the same circumstances, that he had a perfect right to stsy This view answers every argument deduced froart there, and that the interference was uncalled for, the Federal Constitution aa to the inviolability .of eon-In the House o f Commons, o n t h e same day, M r . Mebane introduced the following resolution:whole course of legislation, then, has been against t h o organic' law, and th e decisions o f Courts have beea violations o f citizens' rights. Previous legislation, liko the present, has.rented on the principle o f good order. and public morality and peace. .In all the full enjoy- ment o f property i* restrained; and in the old statute* no distinction is found between cases of property pos- : eeesed at the passing of the statute and that subse-KcnArtd, ThattheCommittee onFinance be,andtheyare country. hereby instructed to inquire iato the expediency of imposing a . features.tion the threatening attitude of the Northern States high rate of taxation upon all goods, wares and merchandise have been on the statute books of any State. H e be- have been hung byibo citizens of Burksville, for at-brought into this ijtate from any o f t h e Northern States whichand the Northern sectional Adminstration about to be have nullified the Fugitive Slave Law, or in any manner ob- lieved Congress had power to remove all obstructions tempting to create an insurrection. Nofurther particu-inauguratedatWashington; thattbermaybein- structedtheregularexeoutiostthereof,.andthattheyreportby formedtbatMississipjidoesnotintendtosubmitto billorotherwise.totheFugitiveSlavelaw,whetherresultingfromStateoranyotherlegislation. JudgeD.remarkedhehad.larshavejetcometohand- said nothing during the canvass that did not meet theapproval o f Jhis conscience. He urged all Union men,all constitutional loving men, to sink their bickeringsand unite to save the country first, and quarrel, if they',,':.tLat Administration, and we may learn in the moat au- thentic form what are their aims a n d purposes i n t h e premise*.I recommendthatanappropriationbemadetoeach volunteer company, of a sum suHkierit to pay all rea- sonable expenses attending encampments, on days ap- pointed f o r exercise and instruction; keeping theirUTWBand equipments, so that the young men wuo givetheir time a n d undergo the labor of preparing them-selvesassoldierstodeiendtherightsoftheStatesmaynot b e required t o expeud one dollar o f their privatexee&ns. I recommend that a coat of arms be adoptedMr. Gaither the following resolution on Federal af- fairs:R*m>Utd. B y this General Assembly, that North Carolina k ready at all times to pledge every dollar of her treasure, and t h e bloodof-hetsonsforthemaintenance anddefenseofherrights,om *> hal«v«-r qoaitcr they may b« invaded.TENNESSEE. MEMPHIS,-Terni., Saturday, Dee. 1,1860.quently acquired; nor is there a trace, of it in tho,dread o f otners which may prove to be iniaginaryw I f we falter now, we and our sons muBt pay me penalty in iutnre years of bloody, if not fruitless efforts, to re- trievethefallenfortunesoftheState,which,iffinally loisuccessful, must leave our fair land blighted—cursed with Black Republican politics and free:negro morals, to become a cesspool of vice, crime, and infamy.Can w e heatate, when o n e bold resolve, bravely*>1• .„ 1 1aSPEECH O F THE HON. JAMES GUTHRIE.creasesherenthusiasmforaSouthern(freetrade)con- federacy. » •ilk,sayingthuBandso,hasnoeffect with Georgians. "Things remainedin thisstate forseveraldays,ItcarrieHnoaioralforcewith.it: And why ? One ia when the. United States slip-of-war Pawnee. Capt. officer of thin Conrt, was entitled to its proUetioo. T b e CourtWhen we appeal to those border S«^ea, ladlana, i clarge it. Georgians are avrare also that the manu-Herman O. Batterson, assignee, e t a l . agt. Jacques;Daniel Lutz as a lancv store a n d dwelling. The lire denied without costs. "rights and interest* o f the South. I f this fact is made on&inated in the cellar, but from. what cat^e is un- . Biome lihkis agt. Mary Ehle^a.—Judffmont o f d i- vorce£|jiant«»a. Tapers iu tho Clork,'jj t01c«.Illinois, and Pennsylvania, shall we say they will notwill be concentrated upon her Convention in January.Jactuiing interests, whit h are considerable in the mid-dle and northern sections, would receive a n e w i:ri- from un intimate knowledge o f the popular will, that r,uhe in the event of secession; their goods having no there will not bean immediate resolve for secession,by slave labor, competent of utiles at lower prices than higlish good* charged with freight:dvred for plttintill on demurrer witbouroo»ta of appeal to either party, with leave to defendant to withdraw denimrur and answer tn ten days on payment of ooate of demnrrer prior to t h e anneal 8»'KCiAi. TSKM—Before J ustice HoarMAJf.Kstea, that they will not rouse up, and t h econserva-We feel that W e can safely say of that ConventionSnbsequently Prof. Strure, P . Kapp, and Mr. Raszou- »ki«poke-in German tKnd Polish. . T Committee w a s Appointed to commuii>eate with the officers of variott*in this city tbat a desire for free trade has as muchto sisters, in all that appertains to a high civilization. do with the secession movement in South Carolina a s Consequently, she is justly entitled to the name o f theMr. Glenrie, the English Consul, in virtue of an order from the British Charge, Mr. Mathews.the Jaw was that it should extend over all the community.During the Judge's remarks, he was interrupted by Mr. Brady, and 25 schooners. Of the** 2 are missing, 23 wrecked.has the recent success of the Republican party. I t is a ." Empire State o f the South." And while Georgia is •into rarhnets by these designing men. A n d for th e reason that they are convinced that "Messrs. Cohb and 1 combs a r e n o t governed by principle iuid common justice,batare'goadedbydisappointmentandrevenge.'Alexander H.'Stephens has the coufideace and re-"In1*532-3Charlestoawa*alaggardintheseces- spectofallpartiesiaGeorgia..Andfromhisknowntwo.orthreeexception*,oarleadingmenwere,six months ago, much more conservative than generally supposed; bnt they have been carried along with the current, andthere isnotnow asingl* leader ofanyi n b L c e d .TUB WAR IN THE INTERIOR..A letter from swell informed correspondent in Tam- -pico, pays that the CJtptUre of Guadalajara puts the Constitutional army in possesfcion o f 125 pieces o f ar- tillery and ten siege mortars.' ' l n e army iteelf num- bers 80,000 men, all o f whom bad received orders forthe immediate march on the.eapit&l.'Some four or five thousand of these men are said tobedeserter*fromthereactionary forces otGen.Mar- quez,whoforsookthorniuhisownflight,afterhisdjs- attrouB rost before the cityl.purpose o f sluing justice b y t h e revelation o f a felony, b n trr-nJjy, as it now appears, to cbarge upon me, whom he named;uud ot Iters lie did not name, a connection with crime. ' Lest m ydesire not to interfere with t h e decorum o f a Court o f Jastloe.e<i pled with the'advice of professional friend* who surrounded was one o'clock.until it wa* two, and Judge Waiting me, should be mikiuterpreted, aad my silence taken for assent, ITfrenfci- Hecannotappointanofficerwithoutthesanctionofsionmovement,whiletheruraldistricts-wereactivelyintegrity,moderation,wnsdom,sagacity,and[.pre-derm k my-duty to my»elf, a<»d to those whose good opinion it is dekirable t o enjoy, t o s a y that a more wicked calumny never found utterance, and a more ungrateful return for services which have been freely rendered to ravo a man from the conaenoeueea of L1KOWU misconduct. does not stain the page of uBthnnkralnce*.said that he (Blunt) must have been a country justioev • At 20 minutes to two a roe*k«ng«r w a s dwpnteued t o look up tbe delinquents, but on returning reported that they conld not be fevmd. Mr. Whiting thought it was doe Mr. Platt that t b e Committee adjourn. O n Mr. ' Blunt refuting, a sharp conversation ensued,Judgov Whiting testily remarking tbat theChairmancould,\»he 0>n^ Jould Vir- >eOpieof e powers <ructlo* ele<iH,for the Uov-powerft. i-; in be> -ended t * ;ht torethe Fq& beper- r>*dthel>«XpKMa-bofVxr-ff «.w:h o f tMider the Avertedto UiodeI4 '. v:ii'jeia: i ix that A «o* de- ichthe/if happ*-^ t o jBftiard (•Mi-^eSOf- hut th eJ bytba to their »iy b yh.never The r e - nt rrivedtiejjjf- «r words id rights uahte of•ne, nor receive an appropriation of publi* moneys ex- cept through the other, and by their consent,.for it. Tbongh it was well understood at the time howeminent ability, he commands a moral influence in t h en:uch Charleston would gain i a t h e evenl o f s e - State that man neror dkl. He bus fitly sjioken on theShouldtheelectionofasectional President stultify ce#«ioE,itwasalsoknownbowmuchshemustlosein moa.entousissuesnow before thecountry,andGeor-the progress of a country like ours, a country whose progressis withoutaparallelia history1 Withths electionofasingleman,whathavewetofear?(A voice, " Everything/']gians have, accepted his conservative counsel* as their countrypeople4ragedand niiagined.a vain thing.' chart,andwithhimashelmsman,theoldbarkofOgle- Now,however,thethinghasbeeninamanuerre- thorpe,willeitherremainArmathermoorings,or launch at the bidding of her gallant captain into themidoceanamongheavingbillowsandtorrificbreakers. In the prerent emergencies Georgia will sill retain her irond appellation o f conservator—peaoe-tnaker—i ec 3, lbtiS.Kekpeotfally yours,A . A. PHILLIPS.the event offailure.- So shekept quiet while theversed; it wes Charleston which moved first this time,HoGxsooa..•• DECISIONS. '•'-''IyHjwe have a g>eat dealtofearifwefailtodo to ourselves and to oar country, if w e are actuated bythe same sentiments that filKd t h e breasts o f our Rev- of t h e Union a s soon after t h e meeting o f t h e*hitk>nary sires.We have a strong minority of friends in the FreeStates anarrayofsympathizersandallies,whohave gallantly fought oar battles, and now stand in tha breachwithua, •.'* ..W h i l e w e d e n o u n c e t h e a g g r e s s x m a « f t h e N o r t h , i sthe South nothing to blame t Are oar sVjn* Irtetromthecausesoftbi*irrrpendiagealaamy? Has>theSouthpresented an unbroken front with her Nor&arn allies as is that of Charleston in our own State. / il>it-ia> temple ever erected by human hands. A nd sooa w ilfollow an avalanche that will shake civilization from center to circumference. .The Convention- which assembles at th* capitoi o Georgiaouthe16thofJanuary,18<51,willholdth destinies o f 30,000,000 of people w the hollow o f theiNodoubtteemstbbeentertained atTampico thatthe ConBtitntionalibts would soon be in peeeessioa ofthe fcdertl capital, and cverybotly was preparing for achange o f Government. I n * • proelamatibu o f Mira-aion in which he virtually confesses hi* inability, to renew on notice to Sheriff and plaintiff's attorney.our duty. But we havenothing to fear if ws are true cer.era), and the State will certainly be taken outio the enemies T Have w e allowed the conservativepeople to rally to the support of a^oonservative man JW a i v e much to fear ifuivided, but nothing to dr*ad ifWareunited.HereontheSouthsideoftheObieyandunderatariff,thelattercitywillinsistonGeorgia's a middle State, with the Tr«>» States on the one rtde, \..: PIRJS8.i "TTg ' .andthe eountry followed. Theeoccitement is veryCaswell agt. Caswell.—Divorce granted.Fish a/.t. Davie efc ah—Motion granted. Costs, $10. Vail agt. Morton, &c.—Motion denied with leave t oConvention as the thing can be done; bnt the fact will the Keystone of the Southern areh. She intends to act always remain that the free-trade peoph* of Charles- with discretion and firmness. She will demand nothingtonvrillhavebadaslargeaninfluenceinthis aecom- butwhati»right,andsubmitquietlytonothing that plitbmentasanyfearofAbolitionistsorbateofRe- iswrong. Georgiawfflnotpnrsueatime-servingpol-abo tbonfcbt that, jealous of the direct trside w..h Eu- rope, whkh must ail come to Charleston if that city becomes a fre* port and Savannah remains in the UnionEIREIJTItROOMESTREET.A few mhintes after Y2 o'clock Saturday morning aIn r s Petition o f Crandell Itich e t al.' to s e t aside and politically. The Cenunittee under whose auspices assessment, as t h e petitioner charges that t b e ordiaase* w a sfassedfraudulentlyheisentitledtotakeproofs,tie.Themotion themeetingwas.heldwasmadeupofthefollowint? M'adjourned to Dee. O. ' gentlemen: Julian Allen, John Gaosk, W . Kachonow^,_.., , „ -l.-'l -JBBgBWTW^'wsmmmMimmm^^iK^mmiimm^^^f w&l l •.•.i:.j.i.-u— .. ,l,.«.U.M..i;..^.J.IM1..'UJI-UWV'---g---l-. •..••U..JU.-.J -"-•••Whatever mayhave,been themovinginfluence, manifest,therewill beanimmediateSocesrf->n<>*"the foo^Vandrthonco^tendedtothefirstnoor^^beretheexertionsof ,fereet«trenatoed;'•~*'----^ "j&'-T*and shall w e then'•pull^down this glorious fabrio? State at tie expense of a.million'of dollars can commit the North act properly ahdjusfly in the matter? shm.ters, by the loud cries of Are,, and the dense smokethe Staiea, eonseqoentlr binding on the States nutil the Rather let us say to the North; "Retrace your steps;" •her'; and the influences which will be brought to bear - "•; From Tht•Atlanta- (fla^jlritrnipewttr- Xov.$b,i;: > tbat pervaded thC upper partf ofthe building. M r . cd on payment of Srt eoata.plehavetakenhighgroundinfavorofadiss'dtitionof ,greatestofpatriots,GeorgeWashington,wasfromthe partyinthatStatearewithoutaleader,andthatsingle theUiion. Wenavemanytimidandtender-footed oflfcerfl. '"[''ThejEast.JBirerBankagtAroMbald&iRodger*.— JudffroentforplaintiffondemarrertesixthMtm— setot»LacWii, «»»He in it, and that it was ratified an«l eatablished b y South. I f there is going to be traitors to liberty; lot exception (StephcnsJ.is not to be relied on..; men ttmohg ns, who are holding back in this great \ Tlje upper floor w a s occupied by George C . Cato, ' frr.dant'* answer with costs, with liberty to caaCeadaast ta **sceul '>nJfe States each acting independentIv by itself andfor thenvbe from the North; lot us stand bythe precepts "In regard tothe secession of Alabama, the ques- movement for. Southern Independence. We hope our wife and three children;' Mr. Cato was ouf at the it*eif, and the words of the Constitniiou in the seventh of Washington and bis noble compatriots, and rebuke tion is not raised with us. That the home of Yancey Southern Rhrbts friends will not bediscouraged by the time. Mrs. C. maintained her presence of mind, andarticle are as follows: " The ra< ideation o f the conven- sectionalism. tjonofnixeStates'sballbesufficiantfortheestablim-bi» answer witbin tea daysjipon paymeat of •est*.Tliomas Peilly agt. Charles G, .CornelL e*^ a W .counteraction c f this portion o f our fellow-citizeris.shoulddoelsethanfollow•hisleadership,isnotfora Rollontheballofsecession. Itisgrowinglargerand iriftcadofattemptingtogodownthestairway,she atSpecialTerm.moment hnacihed. .','.,. .\.. "Astoiawsisrippi,anyonewhosawthofacesof- , ' . • • I' COURTOFSPE'Clifc SESSfONS-D»<K,.„„,.•>.• . " , " y : I^B^Iev^asaaeeSP'-v.•'•'.'[,<RKw.T.'-'WsrjjH,andBwrwimulacta o f btetory, shows that i t waa established by t h e vided in its gieatueas. with 30,000,000 people; and lot hist Spring, and heard the speeches of those representa- Carry i t into Africa, and soon the question will be do- Hamilton Insurance Company. Damage t o building, James Connor, petty larceny. Penitentiary 2 month*/; ;State-,andnotbythewholepe*>pleoftheUnitedStates, and was to be binding between the Stotca that ratified *\?%*V*f'over "H,B?JbindingbetweentheStatenusnot'bealarmedandfly,becauseoftheeleotionofa sectional l^resident, from the Constitution under which we have been prosperous and happy.tivemeninourstreetsandfromthebalconiesofour hotels','willrequirenoargumenttoconvincehimthat Mierifcrippi willfecede, in the hope of a reopening ofcided,aiidthesoonerthebetterfortbeSouth.The fabric ofthe Urion is about to tumble into ruins, and everyprudentman!willgetouiofthewayassoona* pceeible.•rabout$300.•:.••„••:•EHis, aa^aalt and battery City Prison 30 day*; M*ry 0<»L WMW 11 andbattery,fined#10;CatharineDubois,aassnltandbssteey. ; fined *I0. Maria rTrohman. assault and battery. Penitentiary I month; Ann KeBy, petty larceny, Penitentiary 4 month* j : DitSK-f Carr, petty larceny, Penitentiary 4 months: Martin Leonard, , pettylarceny,Penitentiary2month*tHenryMitTer,umaH ass!» battery. Penitentiary 3 months; Ellen Mnrthy. pettyUreewy,>neytoCon-ibereorthat wlichmightranfyandnotbetweenthemandStatesStward'sdoctiineofthe**irrepressibmconflict,"a theslave-tiade,iffornootherreason.11battlebetweentwosystemsoflabor,wasfallacious.There was no system of labor s o well adapted t o t h e South Carolinians and Georgians, she will go off with South as ours, and that argument against Slavery can- her mother States. Cut off from the body o f the non-... ';-' LAW INTELLIQENGK •• — ' * ''..'" "',;;'.'•'''outside the Republican triumph. And in these reasons, strength and vitality of the movement. : r>"Fror* The Cha'iant>cga(T*rin.) Gazette.1CC3,1605,16<»7,1009,1611,J615. PartII Noe.S27S.14T»,f" in relation tofree negroes,itinerate salesmen and travel- this district, were merely sufficient to keep the buainea* from )7C^,1462,16r>4,980,1916,1932J,1934,1940,194J,1946,1951,••*•• rMrpeopletoeverttotjte> stitution,thelawsandtreatiesaredeclaredtobethemoniousandconristent. toagentlemanofoneoftheuppercounties,whomwefense.IneverywaypreparationisgoingforwardinIIntheFederalCourts,tbecasesofthecaptainandmatesofths1035,m,GV9,900,1063,Mil.PartIL-Noc64*.83*«44,«•<;»'of her eiti- iasults and t i l e « e f : j aI axn \*t r'*TrV-. e havei.'.ld*«npxei»e law of the land. Wnat land 1 The Territo- At the conclusion of Mr. Gnthrie'* speech a series of know to be entirely reliable, the following. We take ries of the States remaining in the Confederacy, aiid retolutions were adopted, as follows r the liberty of giving the facts elicited publicity because3f»c% the Territory o f a State alter i t h a * withdrawn Brudved, That the people of Kentucky have a common interest of their importance:frpm iu Tho Suter did not in this clause of the Con- with all the •laveholding Statee, and they consider that every ag- This planter derired to purchase anadditional supplyorder to be fully prepared to back the Convention slaver Erie will be brought on for trial, and the trial ofthe iasnea696, 488, 8f2, 884. 888, 890, 18, 754, 834, 522, 5*2. ,, COURT o r COMMOK PLEAS—TRIAL TERK.'—Part L ^ *No*. 2336, 2062, 2345, 23*0, XX*, 23*8, 23*7. 2S74, 2053, 233* S M L 2338, 2256, 61, 2001. Part II.—No*. 2212, 2289, 2292, 2*7*. *%*..pesaion n>ade upon th« Institution of •lavery ia one Stato is equal- BtitotionsurrendertheriJitwhichtheybadsojealously lyanarareatiouupontherightaofall."watched over tbroagh ^11stages of it« formation. Kttoitcd, Tbat, notwithstanding the untoward rectiIt of the I t thus seems to me clear that the right t o be g o r - late election, w e tee no canaeto despair o f justice witbin the £raedonlybytheirownconsent,andtowithdrawfromUnion;especiallya«bothhousea.ofCongreaawillbeop- pewedtotheExecutive fixed nponthe country bya sectioaalparty. 'Rttolvrd, ThatthefreeStatea,laattemptingtonullifytheFu-2379, 112, 29i, 380, 381,1710, 1972, 2148, 331.^ *,;••Stofnegroestopicklisprebentcropofcotton,butfearedto do so on account ot the great depreciation in theirWednesday.tion with this office is that of the Hon. F . W . Pickens.citizens, v* . :t h ePrerident ofthe Association made a speech of welcome,pleased, afterwards. Mr. Lincoln having been elected-Alargeandexcitedmeetingwasheldinthiscityba*'Hctolrcd, Thattberedoesnotexist,at thi*time,any sufficient according.totheConstitution,hemaet beinaugurated night,atwhichresolntionswere passed acceptingthesuae for a dissolution o f this Union, and thai w e will listen t oo counsel and countenance no, measure that toads to ths dia- 'memberment of this great republic.violutes the Constitution,, or makes w ar upon jthaIVhercut, 11i»importantthatNorthCarolina take some posi- rightsofanysectionoranybodyhecan heimpeached, ventionbecalled,andtellingtheSouthern Statestha,qfpoliric&lafhiivinonrcountry. The Southern peo-now,andfJiBhig.uponthe pavement, fractujedoneofcc*t«, with liberty to oWcndaart to amend bisaa.wer within t m dav«.nponpayifenfofCosfc. P? /T"^"Tw?t VHrSgitfgP Qtfinedprincipallytomattersoflocalinterest. Thebilltoprovideamilitary"forcewaspostponedtillGeneralTerm,willrenderdecisions inoasesargtied lastmonthai>dpreviously. Therewtt! betwoCironit*andoneOyerandTerminer held.' Tbe Circuit calendar now contains 6,000 causes,and ia constantly jfrowlng., T h e reason I* that there i s not a'sufficient number o f Judges in thii district to dispose o f the larceny, Penitentiary 3 months. Several, cases ***••#JX#> itfixed by the Court in the case ofthe bondsmen of Isaac V. Fow- A Governor will be elected next week, perhaps oa ler will be brought up. A. decision may be expected before the olore ofthe term in the case of the »l«ver Kate. The trial of Ru-dolph blumenburg for perjury, in relation to the slaver Orion, will be moved on; and there are other cases connected with thewhich shall declare the State out of the Union.Among the names mentioned in connec-1 M". 1CITY1 ' ' mil- ' •ITEMS.t oMulligan occupied his usual seat b e Brady, Busteed and -Phillips, a n d h eaccording to that Constitution. What 1Bthere to fear'/ "irrepressible conflict;''calling upon the Governor toCongress will be against him. If he violates bis'oath convene the Legislature; directing that a State C ea Mr. Anthou said that this was not a proper occasion to argue tracts—no contract being illegally affected if tbe act bo,Jflr. Wilkerson introduced the following:' on upon the great questions that a r e disturbing t h e country; for the Senate still enjoys the confidence o f the coun Tennessee will stand by the action ofthe Southern Con-the merits of.eonviction. At this moment the District-Attorney a regulation founded ia public policy ofthe us* of prop- was before anoiher Judge o f this Court opposing an application erty existing or future; and it furnishes a reply to th* fora*tay>fproceedings,andinbisabaenoehemastopposethe enggeetionthattheactisvoidinbeingconfinedtethe*'•the Legislature were in session, procured the passage and except New-York, yet, there ia a moral heroism and the original marks on th e packages, when they Mulligan then stated that there was a conspiracy against M mof the Convention bill by that body. The whole pro-' •and integrity existing with the masses, that in all were delivered over to Mr. Consul Glennie, werere- by parties who bad an interest in sending him to the State Prisonceeding* of that meeting were telegraphed on the great emergencies, will ever mark her as the key moved by bim, and the marks of the British Legation to prevent th e exposure o f a felony, th e f»cU ot which were : THE COMMITTEE o r THE BOARD OR SUPERVISORS-—: I eveningoftheiroccurrence. Oneofthemembersof stoneoftheSouthernarch. ThepeopleofGeorgia, putontopreventanyotherseizure. knowntohim(Mulligan). Itwasinreference tothewillof MR.PLATTPRESENTW,ITHCOUNSEL.—TheCommitteethe Legislature from this city received one hundred therefore, being eminently conservative, cannot be led " On the arrival o f t h e recovered moneyiiere, the Senator Broderick of California, who was killed in a dneL I f h e of Snpervisor* charged with the duty o f inquiring intoand seventy-three telegrams in oneday,beseeching under anypretext/into precipitancy andrashness. merchantsinteresteddemanded-apro-ratadistribution, wes sentenced, hisoath would avail nothing inexposingthehim to vote for the Convention bill. These facts lead Her people well understand h e r public men, and no bnt the demand was refueed. forgery. The will, which had been admitted to probate, and was the affairs o f the County Treasury, met o n Saturdayn:o.-t people to believe the bill as it stands, calling the people know better than Georgians which will do to " We subsequently heard, however, that the Su- now pending in a higher Court, w as forged, and he knew the afternoon, at 1 o'clock. Mr. Platt, as Chamberlain*therefore, be i t try. H e again exhorted his friends not to indulge inH.totted, 1 bat we regard the election of Abraham Lincoln b y recrimination; to let by-gones be by-gones, and t o vention for weal^r woe.• • . •for the State of Aliseissippi. In \iew of the unsettled purely a secticnal party, aa a .very grtat calamity, though notcondition of our political atfairs, and theprobable great a sumcient cause in itself for the dissolution o f the Union; 2d. I unite for the preservation of the Union. He Concluded derangement o f monetary and commercial relations o Tbat the true policy of the State is, to prepare for the worst, and by saying that on Monday he should resume hi* seat ia quietlyawai^theinaugurationandthepolicysetforthinbisin- theSenate,withoutprejudiceorill-feelingtowardanyxhe country, and to prevent the ruinous sacrifice of the augural. 3 d , 'that alter taking t h e oath to support the Consti- one except the foes o f his country. property o f the people of this State, I recommend tha tution, he shall pledge Mmaelf to carry out the principles o f thatan act be passed staying the bringing o f suits and t h e sacred instrument in good faith, t o enforce t h e Fugitive Slavecollection of debts by execution nales, until the close of law, and to abstain frosuinterferinK with Slavery either in t h emotion here. Ihere was no obstacle to the granting of a stay of proceedings after senterce should be pronounced.The District-Attorney and Mr. Busteed returned to the room andintimatedtbatJusticeSutherlandhadrefusedtointerfereisThe schooner Alpbonsine, Capt. Peterson, arrived Mr. Brady said that Mr; Mulligan and himself thought that the 1 onclusion reached was that tho statute in question wasState* or within the jurisdiction o f the United States, to* are for the next regular session of tue Legislature. the Union. 4th. If he shall indicate a course of policy in viola- Asitisvuotothanprobabletbatmanyofthecitizens tionofthe.ConsiitntionandhostiletotheinterestsoftheSouth,OPINIONS O F THE SOUTHERN PRESS.at this port last evening, direct from Tamjico, havingends of justice would b e fully-satinfied b y imposing a* brief aterm o f imprisonment as possible. H e supposed this would sat- valid, and a lawful exercise o f legislative authority* isfytbe District-Attorney, whodei-ired tohaveareoordofthe JudgmentforthePeople,withcosts,andleave to a**-;judgment Thecase wa*oneofbimploassault,andhedid not swerintwenty days.• . have the slightest intention o f firing off the pistoLof the border States may seek a market,for their slaves in the Cotton States, I recommend the passage o f a n act jprolihiting theintroduction Ofslaves into this State unless their owners come with them and become citizens, and prohibiting the introduction o f slave* forBale by all persons whomsoever.Permit me> in conclusion, again to refer to the greatdanger to the State which has brought you from your nonies, and to exhort my countrymen not to be " caught >y the fatal bait o f temporary ease and quiet;" not t othen w e arc for resistance t o the very taut txtranity. SOUTHERNPLANTER'S TIEWS.The following letter is from a South Carolina planter:From The Atlanta (Ca.J.Confederacy, Nov. 27. present momentous criris, Georgia .stands as the k e ystoneoftheSouthernarch. AndasGeorgiagoes,so goes the South—Georgia as a State sovereignty is more conservative and purely Democratic than a n y o f the Slave States. And such has been her adherence to con-later intelligence from Northern Mexico.By this arrival we have papers and correspondencefromTamjicoto thedayofthevessel'seailuig. "A final decision," says a letter, "has at length been made in reference to the $400,000, recovered from the conducts, robbed by Degollado, the 7th o f Sep-'.,.' J" CHAKLBSTOK, NOV. 27 1860." I t i s understood b y meet well-informed persons servatism, that she has been enabled t o outstrip hertember hist, a n d subsequent v brought hither b y side of the case to have anything to do with it. The Intention of as totally lost a n d miissing during t h e past moata" The money w a s taken promiscuously from t h e submit t o great, disgraceful, and certain evils, from a large public meeting i n Cnarleston to Columbia, when lonB demagogues than any • State i n the Union, save groes amount o f t h e conducta, irrespective o f marks, case.fact worth remembering, that a deputation sent by a more infested with political trimmers and unecrupuwho said that Mr. Mulligan desired t o make s statement in the4 burned, 5 foundered, 2 sunk by oollisions, and I eapr- sked. - ;.'< .... ;;»>crossed thebar about noon on Sunday. She left Tam- As GEORGIA GOES, so GOES THE SOUTH.—Inthe picoontheeveningofthe16th,andbringsoneweek'sexecuted, makes powerless the aggressor, and one Convention so early and looking toward a separate itruat and'wliich will not. It is true that Cobb and preme Government at Vera Cruz had sent up hither an parties who committed the crime. It was these parties who were has now in custody aboat $1>500,000 of the eouutymatedeffortmakes"safeourhomes1 MaytheGodof staleaction,wouldnothavepassedsounanimously .Toombshavetheirsatellitesandfollowors, butthey orderforapro-ratadistribution,andthatGen.Garza o a r f a t h e r s p u t i t i n t h e h e a r t s o f t h e p e o p l e t o m a k e i t . e x c e p t f o r t h e i n f l u e n c e o f t h e C i t y ©f C h a r l e s t o n . T h e h a v e . n o t t h e c o n f i d e n c e o f t h e m a s s e s . T h e h a d , w i t h t h i s o b j e c t , d e t a i n e d t h e m o n e y i a t h e C o s -JOHNJ..KJETTUS. interestsofthiscityareforfreetrade,andthisin-simplefactofCobbandToombs,andmenofthattom-Houte.i*Charlestonhopes,inprocessoftime,to rivalJamesGuthrie,atameetingheldatLouisville,onthe New-rYork. Shethinkstobecomethegreatimporting trolledby•impulseandpasuon,theotherbyam-rottoacceptanyotherbutapro-ratadistributionof delajeduntilhecouldexposetheforgery.ThefollowingremarksweredeliveredbytheHon.seliibb,sohening,trimmingtrickster. OneiscontionsfromMinisterMcLanetoyourConsul;Mr.Chase, Mulliganbeggedtobeexcused,andaskedtohavethssentonce26th of November: city of the South. Her merchants and bankers desire bition and circumrtances. They are like piratical FxiLow-CiTiZLSs: W e have been eallcd here t o a market for the sterling biRs drawn agninsi their cot- ciafts, bound to no particular port, b u t floating upon take into consideration the alarming condition of our ton, at the doors of their own bank*. They knoWthat the political seas, ready at any moment to take advan- ! country, North and South. Now, for the first time in direct importation alone can furnish a demand for those tage of the legitimate voyager, and flee intosomo aria-favor of the prorata distribution demanded. But the four years and six months.waive no point. Mr. Briggs demanded that his motionti shonld be put, but the Chairman refused, on the greuwL- that tie Committee bad not beea called to order, an*t:" eoald not be considered aa organized. Mr. Briggs said" thath*hadanimportantengagement,andmostgo.the hifctory of America, has a political panic arisen-ro, bills, and this direct importation they are bound topanic that is striking down the fortunes of thefirstm en have if a Southern free-trade confederacy can bring it.lot with the prize.At this time Messrs. Cclib and Toombs are exhaust-UiOney still remains in the hands of Gov. Garza."Ail this difficulty arifes, a* w e learn by another: The prisoner, after blading some ot Ms friends farewell, w a s removed to the Tombs.and depriving the laborer of his wages. No considera- The future greatnes* of Charleston is thus cipheredtionofthecharacteroftheindividual'presidingoyer outasperfectedunderafree-tradesystem;property ingtheirenergiestoconvincethepeopleofGeorgialetter, from the erasure of the private marks on thepackages recovered. Thesemarksborethename*ofshe fiims to which they belonged, or the Armsto which To the Editor of The If. Y. Tribune.they were cenr-igned. Some of thenji were English, SJK: On Saturday lai-t, while bis Honor Judge and I meanlogo on with this- investigation if it takes son^e French, some German, and some Ame/iaan,but Go«ld was pronouncing sentence upon William Mulligan, whom all Winter." Mr. Briggs and Mr. Roach withdrew;.,this meeting sboojd weigh ia the momentous question holders, bank* and merchants are the leaders and di- that they are oisgracod dnless the State imme»iiately we have''met to discuss and consult upon. rectors of the movement. For the first time in the his- secedes from the Union. While the spirit of resistance tory of any State the.professed politicians are left be- to Northern insult and aggression is firm, united, andMr. Blunt—"Then y<moan wiUidraw; I shall reajafas.i ,The election o f a sectional Preaident by a sectional hind. I t is a fact, deliberately stated, that, with some determined in Georgia, yet th e people will not be led which it iu impossible now to determine. I t was on 1 aad asriftted to defeounpon moim than one occasion, nnder cir-Mr. Dutcher came in a few minutes afterward, and haditnotbeenf«rthewithdrawal*fMessrs.Brigja and Roaeh there woeld have beea a quorum. I n a running conversation that,ensued between the,Chair>, man and Judge "Whiting, the former remarked thatjstparty of one section o f the country was not the greatrelevanceofwhichwehavetoeompliio. Itwastheorganization o f a sectional party a t t h e North u n -friendly totheinstitutionsand interest*of theSouth.But what is the election o f a seciioual President withan antagonistic Senate ai.d House of Representatives ? conriderahle inflnence who is in favor ef delay.etinsatancea which renders h is eonduct doably outrageous, thai thi*groundthattb*pro-ratadixtrbKUionwasde-personinterruptedtheJudgeinhissentenceprofessedlyforthef:>Howmg Carolina out of the eonfederasy. Savannah'sinfluence in Southern Georgia^ is «ertainly.very great; hands. And it is for that Convention to say whethe . fire occurred in the back room on second floor of theIn re Estate of Michael O'Donobue, deceased.— •Ju, John Mokrrychi A. Kaszewskl. A band of mutds listened back to Referee, 4tcandihe South upon the other, what, have w e to gamoav of the Unioi, andshall we be drivenor *>TM*^£antagonism with either section t W e natumUy :takeridVswith those whose iateres£ * & £ < ^ g *J£«fcggown, but we will not fight the battle* of South Caro-lina while she issafe at home irtbed. l ^ ^ L ^ . renport, and its policy has always beea to foster and brought to bear upon the people of Georgm, which FIRE I N CANAL STKMT—ONE PER30E iitJUBED— Fhlob.—Order sustniniag demurrer reversed uud JndgmSnt or-u vA though a large conservative element i s found i n the northern andmiddle parts of that State, in which sections there are many people of Northern birth aad education, still the whole State is proud of its onlyor not"the scepter hasdepartedfromthehouseo Juoah." T.:d , / .— s» ''- ;: .. was m attendance, which performed patriotio airs. piiils of water. Thefireoriginated from the careless- SUPERIOR COURT—GKWBBAI. Tana—Dec. 1—Before all Letters were received, from Xoopold C. Newman andFROMFromTheN.O.Picayune,Nov.Tftth. thecase,••city of New-York. If the evil was, local in tho judg- ment of the Legislature the remedy might be »o.Havingcommented inseveralauthoritiesintheBo*. ports of California, Kentacky, Pennsylvania, Sec, theMEXICO.hislegs. HewasremovedtotheHospital.bythreeloweredherchildrenupon theroofofthenexthouse fromarearwindow,andthenjumpedoutafterthem. Mr.Lutzsustained$200loss.Insuredfor$1,200intheiM;:'..'•'':»0.--''- :-• &!**>*.JMttMM*-Tli ere was'an unusual .crowd o f spectatorsCourt room this'morning, in anticipation that Wm. Mulligan, convicted o f assault npen Police officer Oliver with intent t oTheJudgesaidhehadconductedthetrial ofthis ease isallfairness on his part. His power was merely a ministerial o n e .He bad no ^discretion, and it wa* left to him only te pas* thepenrence which the law imposed,.without,allowing matters out- elusive of cargoes, to $560,000. The number reportedfunds,andhisfailuretocomplywiththestatutebjT. e x e c u t i n g a b o n d t h e r e f o r i s o n e o f t h e m a i n r e a s o n s . forthepreeentinvestigation.Mr. Platt appeared with Ex-Judge Whiting as coun- sel. As a quorum was not present, Mr. Briggs morod anadjournmentforafewdays. TheChairman,Mz-i;Blunt,saiditwouldbebesttowait,andaquorana£ thomor.ey. Tbe Judge said that was a matter outside of this ease, and after night be present. He threw out tbe suggestion that " All this time, however, the affair w a s before the a few remarks upon the nature ot the erime ot which the defend' Mr. Philt would probably waive the point of a quo-courts of the Stale, and they have since decided ia ant had been convicted, he sentenced him to the State Prison tor rum. To this Judge Whiting replied that they shoal*•endeaveringtosendhimtotheState.Prison. Hehadalsofound o u t t b a t h i s c o u n s e l , e x - J u d g e P h i l l i p * , w a s w o r k i n g a g i i u a t h i m .a brilliant, menacing, and reckless rebel; the other a 'Hartstene, arrived off from Vera Cmx, with instruc- • would net allow snch langsaga. iTheJudgeinterruptedbimbysayingthatMr. Phillip*, asanA CARD FROM M R . PHILLIPS.8UPBEMECOURT—CHAMBBKa—De*.1.—Befora Jostle* actlikeage*tlemanornota*h*pleased.Mr.BluntJsaid that it was useless for the Judge t o get his back: - I apitowhichMr. Whiting replied thattherewasnonecs*dty for Lim (Blant) acting Uke a pig. ,-- , jThe Committee then adjourned till to-dayat 2 o'clock:, a Rew tsubpena being served on Mr. Plan as he w a s-make a eucceeKfal defense of the city against the ap- Laireis'agt. JLamers, &c—Decree i n partition leaving the room, to attend at that tint*. . , *. • proachingarray,hadcreatedconsiderable excitement. granted. 1 ••* , e • >stfAtlast,aceount*,theConstitutionalistswerealready .Aikenburgh,6cc,agt.Salmon.—rMotiontochangepublicans. <' icy, bnt when her Convention assembles it will act in posaetsion of Tacubaya, Guadeloupe, and other place of trial to Onondaga County granted on condition that do- ANNIVSRSART o r POLISS lNOEPENr>EN<rx.—Tho-tf"'lee<:^mintrofthesecessionofSouthCarolinapromptly,wisely,andcon«tituionally.Andifherfiatplacesinthevicinityofthecapital,anditwasbe-fesdant'sattorneystipulatetorefercausetoaReforeoinOnou- Edneteenthanniversaryofthestrugglefortheinde-b e i r g a l l o w e d , t h e q u e s t i o n a s t o t h e c o u r s e o f G e o r - f a d i s r e g a r d e d b y t h e N o r t h , t h e k e y s t o n e o f Cho a r c h c a c a , . a n d t o h a v e p l s i u f i f f s e v i d e n c e t a k e n b e f o r e s u c h R e f e r e e giaisnextmostiirterestiag. Itisherebelievedthat willbetakenfromitsproudniche ef''confraternity, ievedthat,ontheapproachofjheannyfromGuadala- inNew-Yorkifplaintiffsdesireitico.p e n d e n c e e f P o l a n d w a s h e l d o n S a t u r d a y e v e n i n g i n oneoftheballsofth*CooperInstitute,whichwas wellfilledbybothladiesandgentlemen,forming«*' very intelligen* audience. Among those present were a number who oncestood high ia Poland, both sociallytheinfluence ofSavannahisaspotentinGeorgia andthencommencesthecrumblingoftheproodeaara, the city would at once surrender, almost without astruggle,Before Justice SUTUSKI-ASD. StephenA.Griffinetahagt.Banks&Poaieroy.-—Report confirmed, and order settled.Before Justice IWURAHAM. ^FerdinandHcHer,butitwasextinguishedwith a few The Southern States are aware of the tact, hence nefcSof one of the Qwupauts with a lamp. A. featherthe Justice*. * I OECIS10N3.* ernando Wood. Julian Allen, who was called outocentiy acniovea py t be people of Italy, ••. i'ssiiki)}the extraordinary influences that are now beingbed and some bedding were burned.NAIIIIOW BrtCAFE.• Between 1 and 2 o'clock on Saturday morning a firebroke out in t h e four-story tenemont house No. 123Abolitionism North, ' Withdraw your uneonsUtutiODaJ ecu;trillion with Northern-made fabrics, and, if made urlehs tbeie is an obstinate determination ou the part Canal,street, occupied ou tue first and Kecond.floorsb y Morn* II. Henry agt. John M. Carnochan.—Motion national societies of this city, with a view to getUutft oacts; we will work for y o u „ _ - — f . the Ztiedy lor these evils is within, ^ J ^ % £ M Ewoa." ShaJUthat gloriotu covenant o f our liberties,. - - S o u t h l a n d liveaiiiit rally, and say to fanaticism/,«i with heart and soul; a n d tf with' heartof the North to maintain afoul domination against theUntitled DocumenttenenicntbouFe No. 1M7 Broome street, occupied b yJudgment for defendant With cocU. Finding o f fact with Ot*** ~•"'/'... ^r-^w ;" GeorgeDeno,vrtiy Ihrorny,"PenffenHafy8nvmfti*:J>bsU. •>•TffiB COURTS FOR DECEMBER...To-day the last term o f the law courts ru 1860 com- Pentlntiary 3 months • CharTe* McCarthy, petty laroeacy, Hs4eS) './•,.: ' * " " •''•MARINE DISASTERS FOR jyovEMEER.—The losses o f-American seagoing vessels for November foot up, est-;amounts to 37, viz., 1 steamer, 6 ehipe, 4 barks, 1 brig;.0 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 