 iDWTlOJlL FROM EtROPK.ti• • M'»i^<a^a%i^wi^ii.i^THE MAULS CMP THE EUROPA. <*«»'W^B*tr»,fW.^ • <*M**I**W W > ^ % i ^ a 1 ' M W ^ i B > ^ - ^ ^ 'The Eititcmfat About the Pope, tteOwBtu ud lipku'i liiiADSSffSSSiSs ".and be left mi, which flrst appeared la the LoBloa limes, betwoea aaresult ot the wUifS—ef the Kreuxl ranks the Pria— Refloat has setw^v•Ptoe!T TIu.Prode.i i .Mitme CeasHI <rf Hextoo to ourwwe, sgaast tne11Am mrj goatBM:LIasofmatth squadron buret aad blew ap thetribes, not wishing to oaatia— the war, hero with- _ ..m to their Bvoontanw.The 1^**"? Globt of too Slat of December remarks:— reaae returae for the year ISM, and for itt lastalthough a—fine an actual decrease ad but a eltehtmeieaae oa the latter W — ' . " ' " tore— abundantly, and will Otuegiy otoae a decade prosperity. Tie abaaaoa of a -oa the y**rand oathe v tar owing to twa cauma the great redii n exceptional circomsunce_ sale of old stores towards the '•myheadoftaxationthatc—betaki.Charged' "ly, and that LordwouUidr.w upon hin-elf by taking her Dart. 0 .12th of January the Chambers meet, and by that time it must be decided whether Prussia will persevere In the constitutional policy inaugurated by the Auerswald Minis- try m November, 1861,or wnether she will deviate —oa more Into the slippery paths of reaction^The expedition that started a few weeks since for Bamparty.EhgHsh journals and English statesmen generally lbs almost unanimous opinion that the only i of safety for the American republic lies in the s >by tbe pubQcaatoe of the Napoleon pamphlet. pateh from Madrid of the »Olh ult, says ; -with propriety be —tended further. Judge Rooae- Into actvelt ooktenaed further, that this question was in effect ie- termined by the Court at the time of the finding of these Sbetoa—toandtoystosubseouontaotioato^presatoos- ia that, tbe Court, knowing of the vacancy m the offloe of1bare may bo breakers ahead with regard to the PopefleGr«tfa?0tj«n<rrtfe*tt<;Cb*ttfi^Empire Broken Up, atui the Mmpire of China in Triump%The troops of Frqolsa—taken from the wild camp,shoeless and unlettered, filled with hatred of all that was" Porteno"—were encamped near the city, in the beau-tiful artificial groves, but have now retired. Thoy have in America and Europe with regard to the titles possessed hardly left upon the living trees a sign that they have by the belligerent parties. On the one side is a confedera- been here. Robberies, as far as they came to the know- tion which has produced the existing anarchy of tbe re-counsels of the conservative men of the Union.now under discussion in the country is too grave not to have already caused the formation of an Impartial opinionavailable, has be— waived by the prisoners by pleadingto the indictments and going to trial under them ;„that theobjections are merely formal, the Grand Jury having in- RBBflOCA-I WAS DISAPPOINTED IB BUEBOKBE herently power to originate —d frame an indictmentwithout the consent or concurrence of a District Attorney,and that there would be a manifeat failure of Justice if the**prosecution of criminal causes cooM not be Instituted aadconducted in courts of the United States when no Districton hoardaf t— Hat ofof hW ktardom, and who, to judge from her antecedents,that his Exoeueacy, warvtoga difltouByetmare farmtot tt the duty af the District Attorney to "aw—ontoI I ...••>• I IL•^^mmt l t a t bsrun will be found Lord Cowley,ofaivhultpubUol- i baveltosareyed here, throughsar—fja stogie aanaad against the beat of 6favor of peace b a t — a the two moat important repub - ice of the American continent, will be pleased to receive Uitt communication tad give mformattoa thereat to hisExoellency the President of the United State*. tteevenuoccurrmgm the Mexican republic, and the at once obstinate end bloody, tn which it has boon In- durlog the last five years, are well known to fo- reign governments, and muslfbe very especially so to that ot the United States. Desirous as all are of a happy issueto declare by the Grand JuryOf the District Attorney asraotory to the attorney, aad caatof general comfort aad tinancial prosperity far- armament is, In either case, equally tested. is result as aeuafactory aathe moat hopeful could John Bull knows the great fact that France, notwithstand-thai—del Madyear, gives the sum of •!,«* U as the though, i! the ground assumed by tbe defendants now, preaent fund ot the aMociati-in. The next busmen* being bo correct, these were tadictmeats up— which not only tbe ettcttcn ot officers, a motiou was made aad earned no Jalgm—ta could be rendered, but were indictments that tbe pn««-at officers be re elected. Tbe euVedis far the upon which wo trials could be had —that these prisoners ensuing year, therefore, at—' — Miows-.—PhaMn- W. Bags. by thus going to trial up— indictments which they b*- Pietuknt: '/xphar Mills and Adolphua ftksrfbtinaa • F100anticipate >Aietter from Paris, dated on the 80th ultimo, ta theevening, "ays;—There is nothing new touching the Congress It Is conlidantiy expected, however, that It will assemble early In FebruaryA provincial paper stale* that Cardinal Antooelli's apcre- tirief,nrho had arrlved-at Lyons, have received-ofders by telegraph not to continue their journey to Pans.ing her vast military resources, has this year obtained from her Imperial Parliament, or whatever It may be called, the ways aad means for no less than one hundred and fifty ships of war as a peace establishment, together with an additional steam war ship service of seventy two vessels, each cat.fi1>le of conveying 6,000 men—a fact that will still "stick In John's gizzard," let who will attempt toexplain it away. 'tThe Qmstitutionnel of this morning has a long letterpressions which such an event has produced hare beeaand still are so profound that neither the government ofPiesldct.ts;Geo. W. Wheeler, Recording Secretary; Fraaaw Hagadorn, Financial Secretary; Joseph M. Price, Tree enter The tollouiog nominations werettt—ssado by thefrom. M. Emile Ferries* written with great modera- The Italian Journals continue to speak, highly of the tion^ In re*ply to Mongeigneur Dupanloup, BishopTbe Secretary of State of the United States wiU recol- lect that when the government of the undersigned was in- stalled, to January,of tbe last year, it was recognizedserious impe/rtanoc of the question, involving as it dues the discharge upon a mere technicality of aix criminals, whose guilt baa be— conch—rely and satisfactorily proven, and whoso certain —d aevbre puaiahment is ae- manded by Justice to society, as well — by the laws of tbe I—d, that the Court should reserve its final action to tbe premises, ia order to give ita most careful reflection, aad, if need be, again hear counsel up— a point of such grave Importance, and one calculated to introduce into this court a practice in criminal proceedings of tbe meat dangerous tendency.Fteks, DtrvitrLogan, Alfred AShfteld, Mark Fowler Jao— L. Smith; Delegates to the fire Departm—t, Adam W. Tumbu 1, John Cogar, Jr. The mooting- adjouraad nasipnmph'et, - Le Pape el It CbwfreV' A letter front»>Mo- dena, In the Opinkme, of Turin, says—'..This pamphlet proves once more what we knew before, •vis : that Napoleon III. is our Mead, aad the friend of Italy, aad that ha wishes to complete by diplouuwy theof Orleans, whose commentary on the famous pamphlet, ''Le Pape et le Cangres," bad appeared In the Gazitte d* France. It confutes the Bishop's aisertions of the necessity of an army to the Holy Father for the purpose of self defence and the maintenance of public order, by declaring that net a month has passed away during the tea years of French occupation, that the Pope has not been reminded of the readiness of France to cease such occupation, provided the Pontifical go- vernment deemed itself strong enough by its own forces "to defend itself and maintain public or- der ," but that to every such intimation the answer has always been the same—that without such foreign oc-am.•task he commenced oa the field of battte. iii' ,square Pott0»r London Correspondence. Loan—, Deo. 30,1869.lfypucan. ^^ ^PfHUcaX tfwtttf *t Proem of Rapid Evolution— LMXto 0 o Abend—Tito irrnsr—toll Religious OmdhaV--CmthoUa Adivcate tto Napoleon Pamphlet Dmtfim The Pope to U Secluded, but Saluted in Rome,4cThe political world • so extremely active that deathsof the most promiaeot men and events of the most start-ling Importance receive hut a transient notice. Even •eat pamphlet, the Holy Father wrote these words;—JF remove to Twelfth ceilAt a r t * ;Untted Mates AJairt almost Unheeded, and the Vnitn cupation the Papal government was not safe. In 1848,e^UrsL Ifyour great Harper's Ferry emeutt, and all the attendant buncombe, only provoked a single editorial in the leading Journals at the reception of the news of the execution of Brown. Your Congressional struggle for Speaker at- tracts tittle notice, aad w r y little Interest here seems to be attached to the measures that will come up tn Congress. The United States, in their relationship to Great Britain, are In the position of a son, who, oa coming of age, leaves the paternal home, marries and sats up bu- atnesa for himself The ''governor has good reason for believing that the boy ts able sad willing to take cars of himself. In all that hat been said here on the Harper's Farry aftair, the censures of both extremes of the Union smd of politico have been about equally divided, and very lew crumbs of satisfaction can be extracted by either"Tnai the band of the pastor ought only to be lifted uptolilssj miltostrike."Respecting the revolt of the Romagaa, the Bishop of Orleans had eaid:—" Is it a crime, a weakness, to govern la the name of God—per mam reget regnant?"Must these words be effaced from our note books ? And when kmgs and emperors declare they reign by the grace of God. shall it be termed a mere formula—an aflair of style?" No, monseignear," is the reply: " bat if emperors and kings reign in the first instance by the grace of God, they reign afterwards by the national will, whether they admit the fact or not"So, as (be national will happens to be against bin Holi BOSS la the aflair of Romaxna, the grace of God amounts to pretty much wbat the Bishop Insinuates—a formula or aflair of sty le.From that time Mr. Forsyth declared himself in open hostility to tbe government, favored, as far as he was able, the enemies who were warring against it, broke off, without waiting for instructions from Washington, andbe— oaanaajajton— aad was acting officially in tbe district No exception was tab— to the sufficiency of the indict- meats until these motions ia arrest of judgment were made. It is intimated oa the present motion that Judge Ingcrsoil, before whom tbe proceedings to tbe causes originated, auggeated to the parties or the Grand Jury that the va- cancy in tbe office of District Attorney worked no dis-her brotte,, Thom»a Birek, 4 » . earner of Media— aad feem treeta, in care of Joan Lea_ his position, and the late pamphlet supposed to be Over England and France—Napoleon't Denial of the Diauthorised by Louis Nspoleon. The last rumor is that >aad Naples have declined going Into theCongress unless the Pope Is allowed a representative a There la, no doubt, a screw loose somewhere, for the day of the mooting of the Congress has been put off, first fromthe ftth January—the original day set—to the 10th, aad One thing,>is, that some of wall, have given m their artheafna to the m the pamphlet- Bat thy matter will be settled,«TMtnherent necessities of the ease.The Pope's subjects thronghoot the Romag— are in aof successful aad chronic rebellion, and nothing Iof a force of foreign bayoaott can sabdee them.rtruf Right of Kings—Policy of Prussia in the Oongrm— A Catholic Memorial to the Prince Regent—Cabinet Inataoe year ratura from Haraaaa. I willNow, Lou* Napoleon virtually says that he cannot con sion of the indomitable Circassians to the yoke of Russia,atotentiy.es a CathoUcsoverelsm.mtorfere to farce uponthese Italians a gciuusui— that they abhor, aad that and the revival of the crusades of Spain against the Harto-Gen. Don Francisco Solano Lopez has won golden opin-ions for his tact in negotiating a pease. Men of great .State of tbe United States to be unfounded, and to be departments of government The Secretary of the Trea-Bumbla'a Courtship. SO "MBS. CORA L. T. HATCH SPEAKS B_TEBT WBDITRgday evening-, at Tii o'clock, at Clinton•n Hall, Attar •tarnooes,has bet aided in the announcement of a great national Pope, on the Seven Hills, imder the shadow of St. Fetor's, movement in Germany and the final breaking up of theskill represented the two governments, but the prominent prompted by tbe spirit of. party, his Excellency cannot worker, aa well as the unseen manager of ail, was Gen. deny that the government established at Vera Cruz hasLopes. He receives a handfnny. testimonial from the arrayed against it the most influential portion and classessury , or the Attorney General, cannot represent the go- vernment in civil actions for the recovery of debts or the enforcement of civil contracts, nor could any offiuer other thanaDi trlct Attorney authorize or authenticate acts spesifically assigned to him bv statute. There is strong reason for considering, under tbe terms of tbe law ap pointing this oflicer, that his official concurrence in crimi- nal proceedings, in every stage of their prosecution, Is vital to their legal validity, and that aa indictment withoutother aattoas shall not. Bo Is ready to secure to thea safe asytorn, and absolute Borerelgaty to the Holy Fa- ther , bat beyond that he will not go.of the Mexican society, without excepting the most indus- trious population, whether engaged in trade or agriculture. Under such circumstances the undersigned does not hesi- tate to maintain that oo foreign government can ratify a treaty like that proposed or concerted at Vera Cruz.Subject to beOCR SOCIALtbe subject ofpeL at 8 o'clock to night.rrtvato examination*, witk charts, dairy at 308fTIHE MOST INTERESTING LBCTTJBEOFTHE8EASOB - 1 ProfeaatirSiLUMAN^r.wUl delfrer two Lectaree at the Cooper Institute, on Wednesday anil Tkiiiaaai swialam.J a n ^ a a d ^ ^ o - o t o o k ^ineruduu many experimental iUoatrauoas oa the prtael*l*s W ArtifWaTlllununauon, Ventilation aadWaradagJ7 fKTnr* Lecturewffipresentaetotoryof "part it baa played ta me sard _tb*Faithfuleta—adretainl a *aptoodurof theImperialAair beratka and India.The much talked ofral thaUtey should eBdeevor to*^^ It up_bt(— ,^lb,^yev*lgB^<mtr. B£"rhoss\heyofTCea^ alk^ged to have beea reaeatly ne- 1'sMjeusMsAsa" SaHnIdU Wwth*#iKceha w *••••»•"• report at once aesim*d e the Emperor almeelf and Mr. Ooedea, has ereatod quae as much interest bare AjiUtioii in the CrWTMlXiC as oa Ibe other akb of the British CbaaaeL A*the^ b b e d l y l h i s countryof sympathising*«**Hthee—didftiiflndfiriiloii Vw•*•Vwl*totB»ORBvBs»«ill, «aiia of UieEnrtpa reached ttotoof the brtaTthetrnToaltoqnisoj*!ceafesa I bare P»**TM*£isjn LfaCuSBPOST*' *»**•""•*,***^^__thanisacearepetitionof^^J* ^^^alBaoTOBMBtinGermany, and her support would enable « ^ ° ^ * £ j , eana to take a Bench more deaeasasmam TM T ^ Ttts an-Jo^ipectfulcoBSideratfoa:-- ^^^MinnnAi PALAOBor siaxioo,use. ti, loos,of Foreign ReUUoas. has«ncy the Presideat of the to adlresa hfmaeif to his Excellency saretaiT of'State of the Uaited States of Americs,to order to c*U the attention of hia government to a subtsaSfSStot^Berlincity fromaloglDistrict Attoraey, weal ta It matter to oeostder oarefully taw thaaignsure to give effect aad validity to an ta«otmeat; that by tms nothing was required but the finding ot ths iadictmeot by the Grand Jury, and Its preacatmeat of tbe ass— to tbe Ooirt. Further, that the act ef «f lTfit, Itan making" g"ght»«^— aad aBttely:Pais, Dec »,«».Spirit o/ OonJUct Against the Pope*t Tern the touch of an electric wire, filling the heartsThe imprisonment of an English subject by Paraguay,for a political offence, has called to these waters a forceof snips and gunboats from England and France, bringing, stitutional'' is not authorized to ratify aad coudiide this his official sanntton and concurrence to void. Tbe it it said, 12,000 men. The demands of England are so sort of negotiations, and none can know better than the possible lnconveniency of such restriction, or the want of heavy that Paraguay win not entertain them, and longsince the English Consul withdrew. The prisoner to stiuliving in solitary confinement.pond Rule lafaiJav fluwii—i A* UUM to «*»- of men with vague hopes and fears, and substi-sow too Asjwr JHatana forewarned af (be Emperor's tuting the din of warlike preparation for theIntention to Bring forth Ms Paper—The New Princt- supine slumbers of peaceful security. Oa that pit af Revolution Again* Legitimacy—The Emperor's day the pride and puissance of Austria were still at theirSecretary of State of the United States wbat are the limitswhioh nations and constitutions, in a matter so grave, means to transfer his functions to some substitute, la theJawtoto far Jtoaiaad's Friendtkip—A Sophy to Q*The pamphlet <Le Pape ot le Oongres, ' which by good which, on being roused by the ominous accents that Tellt>I was enabled to iorward you within am boor of i, has, although eight days have elapsed, lostfrom the lips of the taciturn ruler of the French, she hur* ried her legions across the Alps into the plains of Lombar' dy aad to the frontiers of Piedmont, Inspired the worldtbe Courtincurredheavyrenderedbe devoted 10 toe practical subjects growtag out of tbe I n t . a*named above. The Board of Rdooation and atoo tbe localSchool Bearda will derive much useful informattoa by attead a tog these I — u n a Ttckeie tor each Lector* to osaia, waich a may be bad at the following plaoes-At the bookstores of D f Aaptotoa m Oow, MS Broadway; a S Fieaeto bOa.sa*Broad- a way; at the rooms of the Library, Bo. 1 / IsBes of Augoatas F. Dow, flrwa *oualaore**nl4 Jthe government will not attempt to evadedicted for taking a letter from the Post Office not addressedreceived a socoad warning; another will check M. Veuil- lot ap sMfsJSja»,aa« JttosWnj*^the end that she may never be charged with having failed brink of an insurrection, with a bankrupt exchequer, and to determine the guilt or innocence of the accused. The loyally to fulfil the highest of ber obligations. With suchTOeTORinn.AID-OllgATURDAr JAB U180S.1later Morris A Co*, pay**!*t)"*?. M*a**a a a ^ a ^ r v i s > jidehght of aa who are strt leiwaghtorooseUtoacaalttare witn svensi, ana wnatever toe Fro-fansawv^ntoaasa)s>snAs>m heavy bk/wto remark, a new oastolyMhaibe-•s^s^W s ^ W mW m ^^sM ^B— ^^e^RpMsf QD0. * •*! ** **Gs>* WalaW tm ^sfPn^eMsaw MHSV AfV mand the eflect tt will bare upon the Italianswmoir LEA, memory to wonderful profusion, Illustrating hto positionsbut whieb is OBlyit»•««• of the buJMmf No. 766 BroadwaTononw—t frequentiy lo the Britiaha retired Mfe, but tend the Crystal' libera* every where,Msrrtod«to*s«•" ^.^•LOST-ALL P1C580N8 ARR WARNBD NOT TO sTBGO- Oate for a orom^norj mm* aa— by H. ttlter, payaato*for literary and T OBT-OBHis Judgment in MA day ere '"irffhua? a A ? S f * ^ ^ o m * t o ^ ^ e * '. it, doeswffii a .i\^ojS3gp*mewholecountrytornbyinternaldisseasions,whichex- tead to within the bosom of the Imperial family, she rests her sole hopes upon a Congress which a few months alnco she rejected with haughty disdain,aad which to held at the capital of her tots enemy—that same Monsieur LouisCityJudge thengave adear digestoftheevidence ad- duced on the part of the prosecution.aloyaltyittothatthe undersigned protests against the treaty of Vera Cruz, in the name not only of hto govern- ment, bat of the whole nation, moved to its foundation.The undersigned hopes that the treaty. If It has been already conoerted, will not be ratified in Washington; but if tt should prove otherwise, Mexico accepts with confi-%&zsBsm&s£3ss&toa maaof MrCoboi of freetoFeveri,r fc i « r t e S X ; X t which is attribute to himthetosttwelve•«»«• —at of thel not beettaTtoJcoasjuOr h t t a w n e subscribes this note a functionary; bus, as ho cannot disavow hto character, and aa the subject on whioh he purposes to treat deserves a serious examination, as wait as a loyal aad sincere explanation on the part of Mexico, be trustsOeur B e r l i nC o r r e s p o n d e n c e . Baauir, Dec. 38,1S60.trigue—Mow a Change of Ministry womU Subsene Diplomacy in the (hngrm— Presentsto the RulersAustrian ofJapanMAGIC GLASS.and Mr— flrfstoliM Among tie ibsjgt mnd at 0ntrt One of the most eventful years in the annala or modernrof theto advert a sfp would have uCent, ftSmSto^eftfK&Khto It must tleoad' to. BrHon. J. 1 Roosevelt, Uaited auggastod to the Court that aaf so much tBportaaoe to take ths oase. He aiaaefl Ibnl atthat^'petoon wttbsuehaa the next place the r * wjdekth. t-pbrorlltbmk- ttor^thehasardofaplaysintheooaveraaUo.I.wryuaUks t£jJAJ"tb*withoutNEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, JANffABT 1% 186».* £e bold he hasas the government of iaffm. that inasmuch as the government of the United States hasthe very Itower tor whom he had sacrifloed bis own rnteresta iand'lead to saw—JbjatoarfbMftoaifaraMssa. an rafartos, was'orwarded b, M. btoqu^d, tihe ^ ^ ^ aSSL7'Z woufd b e S . srtt to turn agatort him. or tsars him to-It k Jumaiitr iaji rr * wKb wbat truth Ldi\J*fetf TeDukV' i/Howardls at present inoV««aw«e,« th3French tay-witbout any dtolomstic empfcymeat though ed for the sovereigns of those regions. They consist^ ^ f e L - n m ^ t e p ^which shall put an end to the effusion of blood and re- District Attorney, allowed the Grand Jury to hear cam- Bcaurba. H PrccYo A Wertaua. a Curi. Bow Fork. Ustill betongmg to the general dlptomeiic mrrtoe «|f flreat-spartly of specimens ef Prussian manufactures, and fttrtly of works of art illustrative of the state of society aad man- nerBin Germany, avc* as photographs of the most late- resting buildings, cities and landscapes of the Prussian mo- rs rchy, executed by the best artists to that line; eogravinaethe document just as tt camef rom ttie pen of M. Moqaard. of castles, royal residences and 000100108% seats,/JCestablish peace, the government of the undersigned can- plaints and find indictments, and present the earns whennot believe that that of the Uaited abates will b* the only found ta opt n court The indictments thus accepted wereone to incite new complications in this country, and much properly recorded by the clerk, and sueasqueatly the ASBOCUBOK or -Theless that it will flud ground of congratulation in the disas- vteoaers were called up— U plead thereto, which they fortbeelectioaofoffloersoftbisiters and misfortunes of Mexico, by procuring far itself ad- accordingly did—one of the parties charged actually plead-vantages which would not honor its name, and which ing guilty to the indictment against him. And farther, Firemen's Hall, on Tueaday evening Tbe — sums afBrttata, b w t a o t of Paris particularly. It w a s said that 1such a man might confer with tbs ^ f * " ^ " ' without compromising either the Tutterlesar t ^ B r M i h eaibasoy.aiASataceordmgly he It was who eoawyedtostd atTo mc, I repeat, there is something.highly^arUacial aboat the whole, and I shall be slow to believe in a faith- ful report of any bona fide conversation. Moreover, I Jo not think It likely to influence the English mind in say degree whatever, for whether France possesses her formidable armament in obedience to the laws of Lrato Philippe's reign or Loots Napoleon's, most be pretty much the same to England, whose tax- paying capacity for the purpose of counter-untiles ofPrataian aad German coins, toe. The loyal couldnotbeobtainedexceptatthecoatofgreataacriaoea, theCourtmustrememberthatatthetimetheseprisoners precedingmeetingwereread—daccepted,taeroll<of this pacific end sensible poboy would sage In the ministry, coacerwafhave bean russers flying -'^IsgsftaTHB MXW TBEaVTT WKB. MEXICO.a*T^aXlfi*etof the motion ta arrest of Juig- of the aoveral prisoaers oeavtotedP»eftt«£60*BttSt ftZprQtwSMtheviews ofths UaitedStatesDistrictAttorney against the The ground of the motion,2 f S nrtbTrestoftheMaeralportionof &<rCabtoet ^Sttodbltw^^ltol^r . *2*%"iJ!»* 2f4i"VSto^mSe^^of our readers. The asture of the re-s S e s t o W relaBon. with that country a special *• Ky IsUS^mcoe^cj-ttag^W-»J^^SSSf % tor-tt'aW^jBttin^^him by a member of their awii party, ^T^JSTL^ S S ^ T t t t o M o x u c a a people, is consequently entitledoftbettaaaa -tand m her anti dynastic new ot uws i»»«— "•-—-— ^-after the teeth of the tote Theodore Sedgwick, Unitedibara—1 II f" . — 0— aathorby law to present the charges to the Grand Jury an*and Japan baa taken oat some valuable presenti Intend-flfis, that tbe indictments were found by the Grani JirySenor Don Jose Marmol, Senator, has taken the « Itor tant battles, they would have aecured general obedience they may be. Tbe jurisdiction and authority of the history—a year big with the fate Of monaxcha and of na ahip of the lrOune , for a long timo here a violent < r o - throughout the republic If the extent of its territory United States judiciary to of a limited —d strict-ttoas to at length drawing to a class, the same year of the government He is a man ot Uk*t aud of modera- and the bad climate of the coasts oa both seas bad ly defined character, tbe Courts taring nothing that witnessed the renewal of the triumphs of the trst tion, and the Ttibunt will now be a more reliable paper not hindered the military operations. Without a by implication which to not rigidly necessaryuriroo.Bonaparte, and tb) resurrection ot downtrodden Italy, that beheld the defeat of the two most formidable nav»l Powers in the world by the despised Chinese, the submis-than formerly.Don Felipe Llavallol, President of the Senate, becomingGovernor by the resignation of Gov. Alsina, he the office of Senator by law, and Don Jose Man been elected President of the Senate in his stead.soflrftge so decided as that which favors the pre- to carry out powers expressly conferred upon them. Con-Austrian empire.On the 1st of January Napoleon the younger (I hadalmost said the greater) addressed those portentous words to the representative of Francis Joseph, which, In their studied tooonism, thrilled through Europe likeforeign merchants here for hto services.Yesterday the diplomatic and consular gentlemen ofthis city made a complimentary visit to Gen. Urquian in the midst of his em barking troops.laoheight, her troops were esteemed equal, her generals per.expedition is prospering finely, and will, most likely, finish in another yearCourt OF General Sessions.TRIAL OF HSKBT tABFLM FOB GRAND LARCKKT—toTKBisrnio HIBTOBT or THK OASS—OBABOB orTHK CITY JUDGJt—THE JCBY LOCKED UP FOB THEtreaties, compacts or diplomatic conventions," and "togrant or deny the entrance of foreign troops in the territory lieved no case is extant which sanctions any other mode of the federation." Wbat would become of a country of conducting prosecutions in the name of the govern-which should tolerate whatever might be done by certain ment, in civil or criminal causes, except hi the name of a men who represent s band or party in circumstances simi- district attorney. I think there to at toast doubt whetherlar to those by which the government of Vera Cruz Is en- these indictments are legal and valid and justify%%SaiarM ««£*«- Mhhaps superior, to any in Europe, and the speed withnothing of Its Interest.la a da* or two It Boomed uncertain whether the with a high idea of her decision, bar foresight, and her JAM. 17.—The summing up on the trial of Henry Kar-l would not disavow it; aad so deeply did the moral and material resources. Her Mends and admirers—itake It to heart that one or two of the with the leading Journal of Europe, the LJfalon It'sta, at ment, cbarged with stealing twenty barrels of flour, wasby the very charter which it invokes; and if tt should attain a triumph, or its partisans succeed in establishing any order whatever, they would cause it to atone by anof another Judge. I consider it proper to defer any further argument upon the motion ia arrest of the judgments in those causes until the return of Judge lngersoll to bis seatbe left unsokti, at the door of tb AUGUSTUS F. DOW.CAJtBTOTHB Fk_batuntay, Jan. 14, a b i w — L .ra as(It iiNIGHT.ples, Jr., the young clerk engaged at Becker's establish-i official organs gave indications of being quite ready their head—boasted that Louis NanoatonP&d at length resumed this morning. All the evidence was taken yes- exemplary punishment for such an attempt against the in court, or until we may ascertain definitely from himfound his match; the hereditary tenacity of the Hapsburgsto blow. Bat the reception it has met with weald again bo displayed; and, whether victorious or de- pelled the counsel to sit till midnUjht to finish the testi'national sovereignty. what action was had before him in the incipient pro-ceedingstocourt It ia accordinglyordered that these It does not belong to tbe undersigned to signify what are several arguments be postponed to Tuesday next, andths duties of the government of the United States as re- that the prisoners be removed to the custody of the Mar-tatrimtheir sails if anything strongerthanagale wereterday,theCityJudge adhering to binrule,having com-all other shades of religionists In France, from feated, she would resist to the tost extremity, aad never Italy, induces one to believe yield as long as she bad a man or a florin at her disposal.mony.Mr. Hall commenced his argument oa behalf of theaccused and finished it this morning.The Assistant District Attorney followed on behalf of theMexico to announce them with frankness and sincerity, to1 < « - ^Seven weeks after the opening of the campaign her armies tts responsibility. There is now no doubt that Lord Oow- were swept from Lombardy and Central Italy, and reducedley, Lord Falmarston and Lord John Russell ware made privy to the Emperor's intention, and it la said that the duly apprised of the determination, and I's disinclination to accept thePapal mission at the Congress.The raisers, the organ of the ultramontane clergy, has still more calamitous. And now, with Hungary on the attention to the strong points of the case —d leave themshal Mil that day.United State* vs. Wm. Slavm—The defendant was in-sfiSusrm¥fprTM* »wa»*rt'•*•wtogWALL• ttbs-to skulk behind the abetter of their fortresses; her pres-tige was annihilated, her resources exhausted, aad shewaa forced to accept a peace which deprived her of oneof her finest provinces, and which, humiliating as it was,enJy the policy of the conqueror prevented from being their minds. It would be bis duty to briefly call ther to lead to consequences so lamentable, while it is forfor Italian freetorn,Iof the extreme Papal Bonaparte, who was to be driven from his throne by herbrought back the receipt to Karplee.-«"«"» «»t b e brochure of M. Leguerrontore has spreadthe adherents of the divine right,were placed; be telegraphed to Mew Y ork,and Mr. Ben ney went out to New Haven to make inuubiea about the matter Mr. Smith atoo brought on oa? of the heads oftary of State of the United States of America the assurances of hto very distinguished consideration.afetaiaTe^prosecution, after whichJudge Russell proceeded to charge the jury. He ob-land the means of reinforcement, would result in a per- manent conflict between the two countries. It, therefore, behoves the government of the United States to weigh inT O S T - S O L• " M T U U DURIWOTHBSrjIfsrBB, FBOM MO.jtvemV^Jtse*Technological Institution has furnished a series of truthful white to the meantime there would be engendered and ac- were thus arraigned on these indictments, the office ofpatterns and ornaments, showing the application or art to cumulated, every day more —d more, a mutual aversion District Attorney was ne longer vacant Judge Boosovattpract-cai purposes; and the Railway Department a splen- between the two countries. His Excellency the Secretory himself bad be— appointed to the post, and wasaotuauy and the reports of the oooamtttoos restored. By tbe redid atlas of the magnificent bridges across the Fistula aad of State ot the United Stales will have already perceived in charge o( the business of the office; and he argued that Nuget. 00 the road from Kontogsberg to Berlin. The su- that the undersigned refers to the treaty which, ac- when the cases thus came — regularly for trial, thisdefect, if ouch tt be, was patent on the face of the ladaot-meut;andyt4itwasnotauggeatedaaerrorbyeitherthe expendituresofit*«&. Thisbetas;addedisgfpieSO,iMted to be absolutely void, instead of refusing to sub mit themselves to this (in their opinion) illegal and ua authorized action of tbe Court and the Grand Jury hadperb appearance of these truly princely gifts ts greatly en-hancedbythecostlybindingofredmoroccowithgiltedges, which leaves you la doubt whether the internalcontents, or the shell that envelopes them Is of thegreater vaiue. There are two copies of every article—one is on tbe point of being signed, there is at least no doubt for the King of Siau, and the other for the Emperor of thatfau attempt has been made with earnestness and even Japan, the^rms of each of these potentates being stamped with warmth to conclude such a treaty, aad that it re- on the volumes respectively destined for them. Count lates to concessions of territory or to routes of transit forEult nbnrg tbe ambassador to the two courts, will leave citizen8 and troops of the United States. The flrst im-exp—dftures fJ9M «R, leaving aa exoesa of reotiffls everBerlin in February, and proceed by the overland route to Singapore, where he expects to meet the squadron.Christmas eve passed off this year rather more quietlythan usual, owtog, probably, to the alarming state of theKing's heakh, which is such as to leave very little prospect ot bis recovery. The royal family were assembledat the Priii.-* Regent's, including prince and Princess Frederick William, who returned lately from their visit toQueen Victoria. The United States Envoy, Mr. Wright, spontaneously by Mr. John Forsyth, the Minister or thegave a sotrie, which was attended by about eighty native and adopted citizens.' Mews from South America.United States, aad that the Minister of Mexico, General Robles, was received in Washington by the President in a public audience, with a view to the presentation of an au- tograph letter of the General, who then exercised in Mex- ico the executive power; that Mr. Forsyth presented in March following to this ministry the bases of a treaty for a new demarkation of limits between the two republics,P H t t O O I i LOtTBBUIXOflA TKK8 CORKESPONDfNCB. BtnraOB A r a n , Nov. 18,1869.atEmcording to information in hto possession, has been con- certed at Vera Cms between Mr. Melsaw and Mr. Juarez's Minister of Foreign Relations. If it baa not been signed, if it is not oortam that itport of the treasurer it appeared that the rinsiflflyf theaasoctotion for the presentj ear had be— tflte W —d thePeace Peaceably Effected—A Difficult Work—Discipline qf which Involved a very considerable toss of Mexican ter-Troops—Their Removal— Fleets Employed Senator Mar- ritory and other regulations in like manner of great im- to reply, when be was interrupted by tbe Courtportance: that the reply given by this Department was, BSTR)J.—Tbe counsel for the prisoners iathese various mot, Editor— Gen, Lopes—Courtaiei—Paraguay in that tbe proposition was not acceptable to Mexico, indictments move an arrest of judgment upon the conVTCTrouble with England, 4 c .the august Pros the Ninth being solicited to let his peopletake part la the wag of independence, wrote that In spiteof his ardent sympathies for Italian independence, hecould not forget he was the common father of the faith-ful—of Anstrtons as well ss Pledmontese. Aad long be- between two powerful armies waa totally averted. Gene- this nature was destined more and more to enkindle do- sidered by tbe Grand Jury,—d were found and presentedFP ABFBSBto sBt wo wa r F a r k m s b afore, says M. Emile Ferriere, the publication of the pre ral Urquixa began, two days after, to withdraw his troopsmestic war at a time when peace was tbe principal objectat which the government of the republic was aiming. in court and put upon their trial, a District Attorney had Caroline But*, oaw the wife of tor MeOrate, are——, brAs yon are already informed, on Nov. 11, 1850, there was signed a treaty by whioh all fear of hostile collisionwere not framed in the name and under the authority ofand prepare to embark for a peaceful return. So highwas the expectation of a battle, aad, perhaps, of plunderalso, that some of Urquisa's soldiers and officers havesubjected thomselves to the highest military penalty for without any ascertained cause, the relations existing be-ia court by tbe Jury. When the prisoners were arraigned INFOBMATIOIC REQ0BCTBD-OF T B I RFfjrjjmjraB BFwhether regard were bad to her honor or to ber wall understood interests; that there was not a Nationalr MAROABBT t r e a t Baasatea—Congress, which alone could authorize and aoprove a district attorney, and that tbe office of District Attorney a negotiation of such gravity; and, in flue, that a subject of of this district was vacant at tbe time the oases were con-test, wlU eaO at the efltos of t,the w2Iflagthsrbtween the two countries, and did not leave the republicuntil, wearied with so many fruitless efforts to break downtbe very government be had recognized, be lost all hopefor, that many here feared that the transition from the of realizing bis desires. The press at even the United ability to the action of the Grand Jury on the accusations States has already appreciated hto conduct. —d the un- preterred against tbe prisoners, and that the indictmentsS ^ a u S tend eoaaor, Mow Barn. Any laiarataBDB ree»f*nf herthen* strenuous opposition to peace.There were BOmany conflicting interests to be providedwoala be tiHu.kfnllj received b i i at «US Beat Fourth street er 367 VT.TBFORMA.TIO* W AKTBD-OF1 aad ker four aooa-Petrtek, Mile*. Thomas aad Jastate|ot siege to one of amity would be attended with great dersigned would make no mention of it if such antece- were presented by the Grand Jury —d received by the irregularities, If not a counter revolution. This was the dents did not fix a seal so unseemly aad dishonorable on Court pursuant to such suggestions. Whea, owing to his more feared, as on the 13th there appeared a proclama- the negotiation that has followed or has beea CG&crouea at tortjwBoatti—,it devo'y»£ £j££ 2£ >j*ps~d2 Ottthe triala tion from General Mitre to the Buenoi Ayrean army, Vera Cruz. The government of the United States, basing of the causes, no questioa was raised as to the validity of couched in language which could easily be taken as aleftGal way, Ireland, to BarcaTiBM --taBUiabeitaown." rits action on the number of departments whioh obeyed tbe todtotm—ts In point of form or substance; and the the government established at that H>rt .subsequently point now made against the power of the Court to render tbocebt proper to recognise the totter, when thta was Judgment — the convictions, to that tbe indictments were done", tile present government had only just installed it-self in the National Palace.The undersigned will not undertake to vindicate the le inefficient —d void. The District Attorney restots the gitimacy of tbe government he represents. The question motions because —t of time, as the objection, if ever>wea, atMM IPs IMtostoagreat offence to General Urqulza, and the city was dis- turbed by the report that the embarkation of the troop3 had been countermanded. But the clouds are passing away. The generosity of Urquiza appears in strong light; his bitterest enemies are silent and his friends a w ex- ultant.ledge of the officers, wore most severely punished, and now, that ail further danger may be avoided from the returning boldiers, they are carried back by water.Both fleets and a large number of the coasting orait areto-day receiving on b >ard the army of Gen. Urqul a at troops of tbe government with signal demonstrations of character caa hardly be resolved by considerations of ex- San Fernando Joy. Always conquerors in the most decisive and impor- pediency or convenieuce, however urgent and imperativetown papers pieaae copyTNFOBMATION W ANTBD-OF1 yearaofa—, wto> toft bta fasbar last June. WhBeta Man* atppl When last beard of aewaaSn BaCato. B. T. amy ia fwmabOB of the above will betoaaxfaiiy reoeived bj km U ther, at S S Front at, f. T."MTBTDA - T O - D A T . -public, and on the other to tbe defence of its religion andof society itself: the former to supported by tbe forceswho call themselves '•constitutional,'' and the latter by allclasses and by 1he people, who everywhere receive the Attorney is in commission. Doubts in questions of thissent government tt would be impossible to explain tbe adhesion of all tbe most popular and important de- partments, or the enthusiasm with which it to welcomed in the places now being occupied by tbe troops that obey it But, if these explanations appear to the Secretary ofMB. AMD MBM G. VABOKBBOFF WILL GIFB TO-NIGHT, AT ROPfl CHAPflL,But, moreover, the government which calls itself "con-impose on even the most consolidated governments. In the course ot the administration ot justice, most have been apparent to Congress, and tbe presumption is forcible that seventy-second article of thesaid constitution it is ordained if no substitute is authorised, that Congress intended toOne of the boats of the United States Exploring Expedi-tion, under CapL Page, is now here for supplies. The that only to the Congress belongs the power "to approve withhold ail power from courts to create —e. It is be-judgments against ment, then, of Vera Cruz, in approving of the treaty, has the prisoners; but an the initiatory proceedings assumed titles and prerogatives which it does not possess were taken under the ass—t or directionsvironed? A brief period of civil war might suffice to ter- minate-or greatly endanger its Independence. The govern-to pronouncing the by tbe convictionsgardsaneighboringcountryweigheddownby misfortune,yet none the less worthy, for wbat she has been and stillcan be, of tbe esteem and consideration of all nations, buthe cannot forbear to represent that a treaty wrenched from to him, and containing valuable articles. Mr. Ridgway a conquered party, which seeks In the ruin of its nativemade a motion to quash the Indictment, because no offencehad been committed against the act of Congress chargedx b n & ^ | * g ^ ^ A T^OUND-ASBAIXBTTB OF MONEY, Biserved that a great deal of extraneous matter had been the councils of its policy the difficulties and tbe incongrui- MoLane for tbe government Motion to quash overruled. erase ShawL a staler. Aito?* abtwfintroduced into this case which was calculated to distract ties cf a compilation 00 mournful In itself, and destinedToy Im^^^&S^u^rmT sfthay w t n „toev ^ P 1 * ' ^«etin—, testified that on the flTthof Junelotto Aieoa amabaref hJQsfor boatotaMyrew.Matthew Smith, a baker, rending in New Hd—i de- dence tbe position in which it is about to be placed by of the Club. It has been supposed that Maoaulay was only posed that on the 28th of June hTpuxch^lome 'flourinvincible arms, to make room lor the iegitimeta dynasty * > «**» »**>•«> Beyd— (having made purchases pre- a ^ U * 0 ^ ' T ? S M m i S i 5° e n *ytof that of IbeJTnltoa great at a speech, and could never reply Tbiswasamis-yiously from him), and that be paid him fT lOabarrel Statee Tbe latter will have tor supporters treason and take. In tbe many discussions which look place at the beso—bly reward— by leaving foo aaJdaota w—tor the last flour he bought; he'paid xSydan^1*0 o?tne* • » fcopos, however, seem doomed to be frus- money in pennies, and identified the boxes In which they « - I ^ ! r ^ ! S ^ « . ! " 9 KxoeDency the Secre-Club, none were so ready as Lord M. to grapple an adver flsry. In an animated conversation on anyliterary topic ho would pour forth the rich stores of h,*u.. r*. ,, ^ -at Christ's Vicegerent will reader the restoration of Austrian rule 2 T j £ ^ ? * » * " - * aVmCto," which was amtnVSSS? 8«*r70f SatooftheUnited by numerous quotations from the Greek, Latin, French» the Duchies and the Legations more impos- sjbto tb— aver. Oa the public hi general it hasfcw,,lnrtodGKieatifled by the superintendent of the third floor of Heck: ere establishment as being the mark that he ntoced^Sn ti* twenty barrel.of dtJuT thatTent^ul o ^ S S r l o f June. The next witness waa a boy named Chrtatnah«p MuUator, in the employ of flacker I BTcSer, w h T ^ S S that oa several occasions he saw a man bv t h V ^ ! . «rfrom theHe never was to be 1f £ »sotation of she ItoJtonqaeattonto the only way that, bytobim.atl to "w t y »»c*abtohnpie— w.efAihig, as it does, athe people, will prevent a reourpeace of Europe. If the pamphlet of the d'eto* really expresses the views of hto based on It are advocated by himntroj of' dangerous in their r•^'imCT imthc (wrnar orrM-tj«nr>wiano uenuned him as the same person that ha m+m mhe ashed majptos whatof I—e. Lawrence ft Oo. forsay.At Kerseyte Lord Macautoy ledforce; the former, honor and juatioa/ '""""" r d e o a T < y t oall meet, first noorMONDAY MIGHT, afTH INSTANT ABOfTV toek, to.somg from Twemy flftkD o m e s t i c D l f f l c i i l t l e » . A H u s b a n d S n e s Us Recover Hone* Property from His Wife.aaTFBBMB OOPBT CIBCUIT. Jan.17.~fl—sat McKensie ok Jane McKenothers— This action was brought to set aside two .o f£?»"the ground that such assignments were fraudulently preT Palace, where hetadalged hto cured-theplaintiffbelagao much UttoxlcutodastoVnt flat) ail res—ion tocompetent to execute the papers, or of knowing what ho1S2!mV$8Sam&i&2&&£lsculpturehe waa rapid, but he rarely put pea ts completely mastered hto theme, andAsa writer, until he had oate-a—parable tosame teal anraaa1 aameatasihe 5FUntitled DocumentCourt Or by the counsel of any one of the prisoners, al-this republic nor that ef the United States could closetheir eyes to its consequences without incurring before moat justly forfeited ail claim to be now heard. In con- I*repilent:—Sergeant-at-Arms, David The*!!; FxeoatiraGod and tbe world a great responsibility. >olestoa, Judge Roosevelt suggested that, ia vtew at the Conmutlee, J. Y. Watkus, S. R Tttus, N. Flo—, 8 M.framed —d presented by the jury as their own act, with- out tbe concurrence and assent of a public prosecutor ap- pointed by tbe government, and are, therefore, irregular,DBBflDfflJLLTFAH.X•atom te> tkwMr. Ridgway. on tbe part of tbe prisoners, was about 1TIBANK - I WOULD LIKE TO 8BBUrns rendered ia them severally, because tbe indictmentsTHKOOPBB UrSTITTJTB, HALL Si. cANDOB SATURDAY. AT I M L iffilgress has, by special tow, appointed a public offloer towhom is confided the power and duty of prosecuting allactions to behalf of the public, civil —d criminal, aadthey nowhere empower that authority to be otherwise The first of four Readings In this week ''Hamlet' aad Mr bestowed, under any emergency, by the courts or otherin tbe indictment. Tbe motion was resisted by Mr. J. h. JU SOaantlL o r d M a r a u l a y .TO TttB BSITOa ajr *JQI XBBVALB.Although Lord MacautoF waa not accustomed to enter muchintogeneralsociety, being rather a monopolistof conversation, he was much valued to the circles to which it was his pleasure to move. At the Johnson Crab he will be greatly missed, for his conversation was of the richestorder and suited to tbe tastes of tbe intellectual membersftft! oBuren,StlarofithosSea,SouthBrooklyn. BoTnssflo—wlbe would era, such m—wouldhave the tost word, and fa—«• the Biabop of Oxford anddues and initiation toss collected,—w 1the third Tuesday of xptrl.Bi Br ret w»AO •IBC, G.-ALL BIGHT.-M AK« IT AM HOUf KaJtUI WRTHUB.-LOOKl o f lALBTTBBT H B V B I O NINFORMATION 1 Mullens, agedWAMTMD—OFmSr • F«hi. Ana'a.W.tofts'?, IS yetrs; last taw^^u£3Sir £P'6CItoto R Br B. re P€ u s. Cl<•oaSJ SI U n A Tt aiX a. C • n a d 1 F Ch v •raRELATTOH8-MAERIAOR.-THI8 Fowler's toaSara, ta Ha— Oh*(roll Park, * lady's gold ti isbai IBTi aT-LLluTjare tb* watch waspre—of" it* atm H E V)WNEB OF ANABNYQOAT CAM ABJM——— r*MABO ABITCOI1 aias?wtii aeIB Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 