 Onanixatiotaof theN e wItalianAt the Bowery theatre, Mik. WsUt, the favorably known equatriermt^ will commence s a engagement this The advicesfrom Manchester are favorable. There was evening, acting to "Mazeppa." A now piece, oaUedAc., AC.,by a unanimity of popular suffrage. The Broken' OfmtUr reports. Potashes quiet at 29s. aTho Rev. Father Starrs, a e Vicar General and assistantpriest on thk oooaatoa, preached a e sermon of a eday. The text was taken from a s Gospel, a s six witblc the circle of its light and love. Ofto1 •IIt 7/\'•>THE NEW Y,,,wvk WHOLE NO. 8615. IMPORTANT FROMEUROPE.MOTIONALBYTHENIAGARAATHAUFJOCHEca u. r«Jferd says the reply of the British government had changed*PRICE TWO CENTS,BetUtviBtItalian Questions.What higher consolation canh k mwtoetksf My beloved k perfectaere aat hath peace, but he that belleres? Vof theBavoy andwouldJ H i i a p . 6X 6X 6 *mM**^t*t*m0m0i)Mtoin the church was so !arge that there was scarcely standtog room. Pontifical high mam was sstobrstod by a sRight Rev. Archbishop Hughes, who was clothed to hkgorgeous pontifical robot. He alao wore hk mitre andcrosier during some part of a s service. The Rev.Father McEvoy officiated s s deacon, the Rev. J. Woods assub deacon, and a e Rev. Father McNterny as master o 611 may enjoy thk, allitothe Mwlneiaairr.i waa to kave Liverpool for Halifaxeditor,says thewithdrawal of tbe French troops fromItaly most not bo considered a sign of ooolnesa betweenFdtoburg, fromI tt 9.40 on tho moratog of tea 23d ultimo.atFrance and Sardinia. France leaves Lombard? 'JJotton firm, with an advancing tendency; sales of thebecause its independence to irrevocably assured. w< >ek, 8 COO-bales; stock In port, 233.C00 hales; New te- le ans trts ordinaire, lOof.; do. bos, 99f. BreadstuBi firm Austria only intends to act in defence of the a>id advancing. Asbea firm. Coffee buoyant. Oils duU frontier of Venetie. The loyalty of the French policy a ad Domisal. Rice firm. Sugar buoyant, and considers-Inawira State*. It thinks that underof the republicans, and with the rtoe in ttm Sardinian Council.Use of the ekvehoktagTHE BAVOY QUB8TI8N SETTLED.that the Sardiaian troops hate the evacuation of Savoy, and that the first Iof Trench troops, i atom lag from.Lombard/,WO arrtre tit Savoy on the toth ef starch.i BjiMlsaiwaBaeal rskv ,, won published in theif Marsh, It oontaina Uttie but ated. ft potato out theU s ravkka s i the Tseaaa tstodtoto; satoamtoa the ithatthaw purelytwill beby txprmmag oonddanje that Bagtaad will see that the sttaattoa ef France has required the oonwammation of thisof Tuscany. at stiff rates Saltpetre firm, hut with a slow inquiry. Tallow quiet: sales for delivery in March, a 57s. 6d.; April The ex Grand Duke of Tusssny was preparing a protest alone, -67s.: April to Jane, 63s.; and October to Decern-"' I UP••*le gunboats, with a vtew to the on the A moor river .faidbmdapettiOD. The after pices was "Box and Oox,Stttkd.'a very clever farce,in whidWakxAwm boa good the lastnamedartat excoetogry •o The iiisiisstoi of Saturday wiU be repeated on this evening.THE EA8TEE H0LIDAY8.arough his Mood: by Him ail aingsHehasbkt-Orders had bees Issued Ihr theto that of Chalons, one oonsistinf of infantry 63,800 bales of which 6,000 mars to speculators andthe other of cavalry at Luxevilie,lO.SCOto huge>ldors offered froery, but showed to press sales. In uplands a e r o was a at easier prises, but quotations ware un-ST. TATBICk'8 CATHBDBAL.Thk beautiful cathedral was crowded by ae faithfulParis, aod it was understood that it had not ro-or grades l i e d . bales, the market thorized quotations:—of Friday w a n 8,000 steady a a s fsUowing anWIU compare very favorably with those of their Ulas-Um Easter Festival. The appearance of a s sacred edi-fice was very brilliant wfth a s flood of light which ra-diated from a e high altar, contrasting strongly w i a a ssombre garb which the church has worn during a e fortydays of the Lenten fast The crowd that assembled with w e a they gktkd in Uteir mflrsauy, thatthryThis great message of aeGosptl was to all IHow efcccursging to our whole heart M t h kikm! How mac it seems when men will rush to a ( eternity sad trassato under ash* flmt the bkoi of s Bavtor who atoned Ibr a « m 1 The Holy Ghost ian* hop* of preTenttac rodnctog » to proportion« which etant source of embarrassment «o, or at least of make it a cot-trions predecessors s p during this week.tows.The play will be continuedHe wills I shall be'tree— Who can resist Hk willyRamk Is aaid to have sent a despatch* Paris in oppo- •itioe a an auMxatiou, and protesting against the appliof the theory of national frontiers. I T A L Y .New Orleans „> • • • * * • • • * » * • • • • • • • • •fAt Mrs. Brougham's Uieatre, 464 Broadway, Sherl lan's comedy, "The Rivak," wfil be played this evening, with several popular arUsts in the distribution.1869 at 83.ted out toe handwriting a a tw» oui we uanawrnmg mat waa against us- He has risen from the dead.fry.***** »Kaa*a)tBrvs»ssBajawiah*Biadelight, and again exclaims, "He is oompkto!''4,Tfae aoos- tie alsoTshueryve„ys the eondaka of too peopto to rotofkato tHhiemy. wTahresy too were complete, for however incomplete Wthehyatwmeorres claouilhdemeerv«raTy waTTcomprnk^fcavUstoadt i f l l t t e i * * ! e a s e • •to sswaatostof her destinies with those 2»t. 6d., and pearl ashes inactive at 33s. Sugar quiet, andof Piedmont, far from renouncing, oontinuea her prices Irregular. Coffee steady and in good demand.tetnth chapter of St Mark. The discourse was it be said, '•YearecompktetnHim." Warspresent who would dare to tesufy when a e y toft thatfounded oa the first six verses of this chap a e y would not have a a t aasa to reign over t"ftortous traditions, and augmsalt, thatr importance, by M S matting them to those of the other parties of the State. ton Liverpool at 10 The Paxhament la which the representatives of Tuscany .touching a will take seats beside those of Plismnnt, Lombardy amiPhiladelphia bark quiet at 9*. 9d. Fish ode—Sales umm- portont. Unseed oils steady. Roam dull, andallqualities tlighUy deoHned, sales of common at 4s. 3d. a t e . 4d.; good common ds. fla , and medium 4s. 8d. a 7s. Sptrito turpentine duU at 86s. 6d. a 36s. Tea alow of sals, but prices without alteration. Ckrrersood 60s. s sot. forHATBX KABEBT.[For the week ending 20th ult ]The closing of a * Opera just prior to the Lenten sea tor, and related principally to a e amazing love or Christ to offering himself. as a sacrifice for am, hkson is always followed by ennui, felt by its lovers asd death, burial and giorioua resurrection for a s salvation patrons. The derates of a s Muses either make it s offallenman. The sermon was most attentively heardthe Wills, will brine the laws of the country into sona e y ware joined to thar took* If so, a s time i whenaey would regret thk.G r e a t P l r e i n J a p a a . BMTRCCTION OP A LAMB AMOUNT OF AMBBICAN FROF1B.TT—JAP AMBSB 1NG1NBS—RTNOCLAB F L A XTO CBBOK A FIBB—A BOBBMM BTC, BTC.[Correspondence of a s Boston Travelkr.' relteONacuaMa, Ji Onae morningofae 26a of Dssof Nagaoski awoke to find the places of twoprominent merchants burned to the grounda e premises ot tho American Consul at this port, com- prising hk offices, godowns sad storehouses; las SBasr, a e property of Messrs David Saaaoon, Bon h Co (a pro- minent Parse* house), comprising their storehouses, go- dowas aad a e private residence of theirMr. Ezekkl. The i martens oonsbeing to another part of a s tow a.The fire commenced near tim premises ofsoon,and soon extended to 'all of wood, and as combbeing situated next a Mr. Br*. Walsh's (thsConsul), soon enclosed hk to flames. The firs abouttwoo'clockA.M.on ae 26a tost, Inan wpied Japanese house, aad was, without doubt, a * work of an incendiary (the punkhment for which, to this <is to be burned alive). The property tost k eatii be about $150,C0O by F.G. Walsh,and6260,000 by] Saaaoon A Co.At 7 A. M. everjibing was burned to a s Tho Governor and suite were present, aad also any qof Japanese, w i a wooden engines, with a single arowing water by jerks about airty feet Ahaher of Japanese with huge tana placed on a shouses, aad fanning a e fire to keep it away, t h s fire dresses of a e offletak, of which a resands on the ground, were of the atoaad a e whole scene of a e flames, sad a ssplendid clothing of a s Japanese, formed a picture a a t mutt be witnessed to bo appreciated.The safe of a e American Consul (one of Herring's,New York) came out of a e flames all right, with tho exception of the look hstog out of order, and it had to be- \ broken open. VAil foreigners are now about to form aemsel ves toto a fire brigade, and to bo prepared wia axes, h e , to bo ready to case of firs a ssBktons another 'Business is wr quiet, on account of the Japanese New Year. The weather k delightful, wia fThe Japanese are gradually becoaccustomed a a s Intercourse of foreigners, Bad BIB al- ready giving np many of a s k old oukosst sad beco ing civilized.At too close of the sermon, which waa delivered to anoverflowing audience, a collection taken up, and avery handsome sum realized for a s benefit of the [Translated from a s Madrid Espana, March U, tor ths Basra.BT. ANN'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CHCRCH.•si fortuity with the truthful principle of lif steamship Afrka> cany will enjoy the blessmgs of i 'without weakenbag the union of wtH, span which the piare principally TbetXittfThus Tus- ratlve autonomy and the national tf the•LOtTDOM VARKXTS.report breadatuflh generally clos- tendoncy. Wheat • Sales of whitepractice to make a thorough atonement for their atotduring Ltat by fasting and prayer, or else where theirpea year's record k not very dark, to filjop as hktus between the old sad nowOpera seasons with such miaeellaneons amuaementeas the metropolitan theatres may present Thk year thesinners have been apparently few, judging from the libe-ral patronage vouchsafed to the managers during a season(Lent) when a s receipts are usually expected to belimited. Among those who have contributed to drive awaydull oars for ttdrty nights of Lent were the very cleverand popular artists Mr. and Mrs. Barney Williams, whoseappearances at Niblo's to their original and amusingdramas and farces, Interspersed with songs and dances,by the large congregation, and a e . holy oomnrgnlon was afterwards given to all those who desired to leoeive itThe musical part of a s services was performed la tita moat artistic style, aod a c r e were singers in the choir who would not discredit the Irving pkos Opera House.THK BkBTICBS AT SAINT FRANCIS XAVIKt'S CHTBCH.ft to ordered that on the promulgation of the aamttitot Tnsoany to Ttsdmanl, the Trench Lsmdton -at Ftorence would be dhnolved and return to Leghorn.Easter Sunday was celebrated w i a be- at S t Francis Xavier's (Roman Catholic)OB Sunday theto a e LiTerpoel papers of flfctar- The Parti Owdatosiisntit, to an article by its prinolpalN o vThe ahto CUmpton of a e Seat, firem Melbourne, wta could not occasion her any embarrassment on that sub- t ay higher f3r all kinds. Tallow doll. Whalebone quietT o r t ,arrived•4,666 nmtsa to gold, had arrtTed at IiTerpooLThe Loarfon Itma baa an editorial on Senator Seward's therefore a alga ef the approaching solution of thoques- 'tans, w i a caps of a e same color , contributed in no small measure. Tho exquisite musk, for which thk church k so deservedly famous, was under a e direction of Mr William Berger, a e renowed organist, assisted by a fun choir .Tbe sermon was preached by the Bev. Father De Luynes. Before commencing he took occasion to re- mind hk audknee that the collections taken up in all the churches yesterday were to be devoted to a e benefit of the Sisters of Charity. He alluded to ae recent disaster by which their asylua had been unroofed, and he hoped the faithful, to making their con- tributions, would take this fact, as well as their daily in- creasing responsibilities, Into consideration. He took hk text from Mark, chapter xvl: "Asd when a e Sabbath was passed, Mary Magdalen and Mary tho mothsr of James, and Salome, had brought sweet spices that they might come and annoint Him," h e The revsrend gentle- man dwelt learnedly upon a e lessons that wore taught by tbe has of Christ AU Hk miracles and wonderful acta were gaaat to themselves, but a e y were not per- manent—they were perishable—and he crowned them all by a e enduring, a e immortal glory of Hk resurrection. Tnat resurrection a e y had met to celebrate aad rejoice in, for In it was also contained the resurrection of man into Ufa everlasting. The day and its occasion were full of in- struction—it was a s anniversary of human redemption, and at such it behooved them to take courage hi trying to fulfil their duties to every respect, and at making good resolutions for the future.i on the akyory qnaaHam. ft (rash tke mex* at iff Of rtfMtlfa.it party.aad saw in a «*•lion of Italy, and not a sign of complication, which theject. The withdrawal of the French army from Italy hBATK8T MABXITS VIA (jrflrgHSrOWN. LrvsHPoot, March 26, I860.COTTON—Saks yesterday 7 000 balea, Including 1,000 to tpeculatora and exporters; the market closing quiet, butsteady.Breadetrtfls firm. Provisions quiet.LOKBOH, March 24—P. M Consols close a 94 % a 94 *£ for money, and 943£ for ac-larity. On Saturday night Mr. and Mrs. Williams took a joint farewell benefit, when they appeared in the comedy "The Irish Ambassador," the farce of "OFlanigan and tho Fairies," and the extravaganza "Mephlstophiles.'' Suff.ce to m y , the concluding performance of the thirty nights sea- son was vary successful, as the encores of the audience fully established, ft k rumored that a testimonial on a grand scale is on the tapis, under too direction of some ofour leading citizens, to Mr. and Mrs. Williams.The Philharmonic Society of Brooklyn have secured the services of Sigaor sad Madame Gamier for their next con-cert, which takes place on Saturday, the 14th inst.Mr. Jantz, the late organist of Dr. Pise's church to Syd- ney place, gives hit annual concert to-night, tX tho Brook- lyn Aasnosum. He will be supported by Mrs. Mozart, Madame Chonie, Mks Kate Comstock, Mka M. Gallagher,Sgnor Macaferri, Signer Lottl, Herr Mayer, Herr Worn lich, Mr. Schreiber, Mr. Morgan a s organist, and a host of other wen known artists.Bmnwrra.—That Btorttog and favorite actor, Mr. Dyott,will have hk annual benefit a Wallack's theatre on Fri-day evening of thk week, ttk stated that Mks Elliott, apupil of Mr. Dyott, who played last year at the Academy'to an amateur performance, and showed considerable cleverness, is to make her iebut in a regular aostro onThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Wo announced some time since the fact that Mks Lizziewisdom as well as the interest of Piedmont will know ie/dee akwsetog o/ a w*tr* frtmdhf AiMhp eehwen how to prevent.It was reported that Cavoar would be Minister cf Maby Mr. Seward, the Nora., w—— ntousng or btoator, to soil bach the on the 26th, not as Regent, but ss the King's Governor nominally Is. 6d. Bice firm; tbe business doing to-day isPrince Carignan was expected to proceed to F'orencecount.Sugar r.uiet Coffee firm. Tea quiet; common congou,to the European Powers, and a manifesto to the , against the flagrant violation of treaties that hastaken place.The Ducheaa Regent of Parma had appealed to the greatPowers to support her protest.A demonstration had taken plaoe at Rome in honor ofttm birthday of Garibaldi. The soldiers dispersed the , and smamber of persons were wounded.bar, 68. OperaticA D S 1 B I A ,The agitation in Hnngary continued, sadtoPesth.ahould Easter Monday come around and the Opera fail to appear with i t The spring Opera season commences a i l evening ss naturally as people move on the 1st of May. Old and Young New York, It Is expected, will convene to great numbers a the Academy to night AdelinaPaUi, the prime favorite with metropolitan Opera goers, re-d'Aflairos ato Count Beehhtrg s circular note, hi which Ue Feder.tlshe added "-Don Pasquale" a her repertory, andt» i^^^^m^mMORNING 1DITI0N-M0NDAT, APRIL 9. 1860.nUTTMBPOOl COTTON MABKBT.ispotto as sales of as week aofist t h o C h m r c h o s , a***, A c ."Jeank Deans" has beenvery racoesaful a Barnum's authontiee report the middling and low Museum. Mrs. Prior's Jcanle. and Miss MesUyer's Erneyesterday morning, on the occasion of a e celebration of ofihstrHow beautifully had Wesley• • • • 4*The stock to part wat eit>im•a•U•«K.•*l at M,0M baki,or"We are strong." ft to Chris* that ' rims,sasafttoa a tbe right band of(Which 708,CCO wars American,8 T A n OF TBADB IK M ANCHB8VSB.a better inquiry, and prices had s s advancing tendency.its returntf Ike 6ntt P»«tn to the Aiaeiatioo Tbe Sardinian CouncU of had decidefi that the Meesra. Wakefield, Mash h Oo. report Hour firm, with a the Bow Sowery theatre the engagement or Missof Savoy u * Sice to Fruoo.PEOPLE TtlUIPl&RT. *»••• #|V^rWV MBS ••tWUlholders demanding an advance of 6d. r sales of Ohio atwiththe Pope is not hind- 37s. a 29e., Philadelphia sad Baltimore at 2os. a 26s. 6d. Cordelia Howard wttl be continued this week, where "Thethe ceremonks. The service of the mass was performed w i a impressite solemnity. Tho Archbishop was in ex cedent voice and filled the Cathedral with the beautiful strains of as mass. Ho was attended by eight boys, robed In white merino cassocks sad aur- phots, and wearing red slippers. The appearance of these serving boys was very fine, and tue/who wtli Faah stoat, fata faith to a s certainty of a requisite. There to aw sthor ground of hope. But fatth requires should be constantly guarded. Emmy to be filled, then ana dips bar gates. glsrisot fountain, sad gives to a e ptig sustains bun, cheers him, lights hhnof life and d< sth, aad assures him of a tallty hereafter. Ws must have the cling* around a e mother's neck w i a a s tts power, the child's trait, who believes word of the father. God bad graskmsty tbe interests of the church, and m s o o t y 1m theHatconcordat concluded by mg In Lombardy.The ex Duke of Tuscany is ah Case.Baron Ricasoli ranched Turin on ihe 22d, and presentedumnroox. asftAJMrfwPB MABEST."Americans Abroad," and "The Pride of the Market,'' wiU also be given.thk message to a s heart or we call forat, but quiet, ameo Tuesday: asks of red u 10a.lamplighter" will be produced sad played to-night, with two other pieces. „«d, and white at Ma 6d.al2a.6d. of yellow a a a . ssd white at 37s.Corn dull:Mr. George Christy will probably close ail season a Blgland, Athya&Co., and Wakefield, Nathfe Niblo's Saloon about the first of next month, to order toUTBBTOOIi PltOViaiOJra M1RKBT.to the King of Sardinia the rote ef Tuscany on the annex Co. report—Beef quiet, sales of prime mem at 75«. a 8SB. make a s European tour, for which he has arranged. attracted contiierable attention, from a s fact thatFork, mora inquiry at easier prices; sales or old mass a 62s. 6d., and new at 7a. a T7s. 8d. Bacon in good de- , h a all qualities shghtly declined. Lard heavy a I accept the vote of Tuscany, which, after haying bean 67s.: i 60s. Tmllow—quotations nominal; butchers', 68s.by the National Assembly, to now LivnurooL raooccs MABKKT.a e y are a now feature to ecclesiastical oatobraUoos to this country, never hsving been Introduced in this dress before. There were also twelve acolytes, dressed in a e usual way, with red gowns and white surpliots.The g a g , to Wsftosto to a ooagrsaktory Btdavby BsaasoU, said —This weak a sow programme will be given, with "Weftb, tho8essibk Monkey," to which George will play the "What to ft."The chief novelty at Bry ant's has been a burlesque upon the "Stranger," Is which Jerry Bryant and E. Horn are "dnadfuUy" funny. It will be given all thk week, with other good things.ing with anat 47s. a 60s., and Ted at 46s" a 48s. Flour, 22s. a 27B. Iron—Bar and rail steady at £6 10s. a £6 16s.; pig steady, at 68s. 6d. Sugar quiet. Rice firm. Tallow flat, at 67s. 9d. Tea heavy: sales of congou a Is. 6d. a Is. 6>^d. Spiriis turpentine dull, at 36s. 6d. Coffee buoyant, Lin seed cakes alow of sale, but pricee unchanged. Ttohotsi UBCljssgsd. goal and cod od held for 8«e. linseed cil quint, at 38s. on the spot and a 29s. for future delivery.The festival ofcoming solemnitychurch, in West Sixteenth street The altar was neatly and appropriately decorated w i a flowers, and a side altar of a s Blessed Virgin was brilliantly illuminated wia holy candies. Barry masses wore said a seven, eight and nine o'clock to the morning, a which many hundreds of the faiarul made their pascal communion. Solemn high mass waa celebrated at half-past ten o'clock, by the Rev. Father Anhwr, assisted by a s Rev. Fathers Bonyne and Sherlock. The ceremony was unusually imposing, toand DramaticThe habitues of Irving place would be quite distresseda»- turns a Irving plaoe with a second stop of provin- cial laurels. On Wednesday butt, a Philadelphia,Vienna had presenti <dCouncil protests to the Powers who guaranteed 1r» of Noahs. She will sing, on this evening, thk occasion.achieved one «fin the •" Barbiere." considered bv the dilettantiBTow Spanish Mission da ]her grossest successes in the roteHatters.* ^ * .ay** 4*-••Isfrs given entire sstisfaction to large and appreciativeaudiences, and addsd new laurels to their crown of popu which a e thirteen little boys, attired in their scarlet sn-Untitled Documentthe Day-Religious Ex- the Day-Rellgl. www.fultonhistory.comNxw YORK BJOULD ]We have already announced a a t Don Joaquin ] 