 \religion will beand the a few weeks Church,enielly remindedthe samebe induced to study the question with some care, in the light of engineering science and faota,theywillprobablycometothesame conclusion : —they caimot fail, at all events, to see that the cost of our pavements, and the coet to those who use them, may both be ma- terially reduced.The coBdltions of a good city pavement are: it must la itsand smooth to afford easy rolling to wheels ; it must embody a detailed, slight, and regular roughness to give good foothold to horses ; itTheCourtofClaims. WeobservethatMr.Cobb,ofAlabama,has thanothersany mosth ^ms.•fj^tfniilll ikia* TtmM BiilMla*. tranUac the Cltrghc IXm-tptk ^^mm, gaterbog, SAnwcti », MW.ThePope••PriBee. Baewn'satsooopHMkiH|..^ea,fl^affl'fwwiMia«aibMB'48«H,a*aor'atoBMl42as;'«iahledhimselftodosobythelegUimate waanoivenallyooacededthattheworkhadWtetover doobU Btay h»Te Ungwed in tbe moot to such oraton aa llr. Pnuirg, towards showing abalaneeinfarorofInmoff88 Vlkftr employment of his own capital, and the tagiti- nernr befere been ao wen doae. ife Jmbb ,JM PWkt CB ruk-row, Sprao* sad NaMan itrMU. Tk*nir-TORE TIKIS (OmOy)!* riMiifcwl •"ry taN^«*< «TMlw^Pii<* Tvo Com. f^rrvd M UMwhich wefiles. There would be somethingingNorthern, like the Disunionists, meana, in nine cases outshould.almost touch-ernoften, not Disunion atbeingvengeaooe.MM* WMk, BlriM Six DWULW • TMr- tMUxw-Ton:TDua(Smiw»*iy>-T«ioD«i-all,butBut the coat of theitem. The stone pavement is more or less outTmthe mystical folmlnBUons bua>r«u; tvooo|ileitooMid<i««et(irnnDouiM. of Heaven throughout this deprecatoir appecUin thecoercingreminisceBces of the late BaoDEaicE, from the pen of one who kBmr Umperaonallyfb« NKW-TORKTUaS (VmUT)—Two DWLua *j«ac i Mb «o»lM to ontaddnMibr TwuTa Doluu tmntyeaplMi to oBaaddnaforTwxaTxDoiXJisa. A.npmonarch, were not rery differentcontinually, immensely adding to trac-andWe tUnk it quite likely that AaFOB OAUrOBNIA U pubUihedon th« the Pope s thetemporal ofthepolitical, as ofStone pavements are generally to supposedfares!««aMn««f*T«TlUUitMm«r. Frtoe. in imppo". Mat* ftr iliigle ooplM.be much cheaper than iron inclined to believe that the— weare yethave denied him some qnalitiee wUsh ha politicaleconomy, donbtedlypossessed.iS^&>nUV>«ddT.md t. th. PoblUherf ]IMB> Syat. Hew-Tork City-"The Americaarush to the anccor of their Holy Father in thepoorthe price of bread at least left to thearticle in aB ifa parta, weoertaialycoannendUto attaatteaa|tmBUiOCV—Ammi Onvrrt Kmnms. openly that he regards the exiled sovereigns of must facilitate .surface drainage and seal upwith the view of giving effect to the judg- ments of the Court rendered during the lastfour years. Already two of the three Judges whooriginallycomposedthetribunalhave been removed from their labors death andMagazine, published in London, denies the praise. Neither Clat, WxBsna nor CALaoua truth of the statement, and says that the mis- were enlogiaed so highly when they died, norapprehension of Mr. Harris' position originated could more have been said often speeches in his praise in the Hoaae of Ba- presentatives.tiser, and some allowance may naturally be from a very humble position to a veiy hifjU sta-made for the mental condition of tion and for this he ispossible any ; entitled to credit—bat—cotemporary- scrapulons adventurers who find in a &eeMr.Harris'reporteddescriptionofthemen- comrannityabimdantopportunitiesfortbeptof-•'* OF MPMO-MATPiM.mart than the coat ofit iron dur- paving withjegula-tion of lawful Biqiplyinga needed offiwt tothe abanrd aaiJM—111**'Vk**name ofcompetition, and to have man who U willing to seU it to them cheaperAQUBHT«.AXonr—iUltraooa ud KTaalnf Otonl by the penisal of thisinjurioos ezaggeiatlonieukfy wlft.sorvives to relate the'wUch most have attended her wreck. About 3 o'clock on the morning of last Monday a light was eenbyafiahermanwholivesonthe coastwhere tH^ met her fate. It was seen to move, and as thedistinguished a The bodies ofCatholic Emperors of Germany and Kings ofThe stenes eachwithout positive support from the others. Thein front of theBelgian pavement Customold V—sal,thataresensualistsgood governmentdawned he he thoughthavingbeenli«tm standing on the vessel.Thepolitical platformhimself on the Holy Alliance, as in-matters little whether the Court of Claims is abolished or reorganized :— in either case the public creditor will continue to be delayed by fraud and defrauded by delay.•B inftnt and of a man have been washedPope deliberately puts of theThis class of failures increases the tractive power required, the re-and the strainand the evil once commenced, increases in ge-—'''tiii UteUigeBce was leaving port, the bark Z. D., 0tBoston,wasburning,withverylittle prospect ofbefagsavedfromtheflames- Shewasquiteanitable practice of flie unprincipled arts in wliidi practice has given them skill---and if it is to l>e encouraged and stimidated the imboandedand it was rumored that apocket-book, apparentlyfliat of the Steward of toe steamer, containingia<f«iti tniik oi extra charges against some of thevaaMBgon had been picked up on the beach. A" graphicand wastheydiscard and assume theundoubtedlydamaed. Mr. Bmbi, acting Chargi d'Affaires,waa sooB to leave for home iaconsequenceof im-practicable features just mentioned—"partisan printer, without winking, withoutthatob-pairedhealth.son, mainly on political grounds, and from hisgeneralthey ligationmarriagevidual advancement. Ei-Gov. Wbllkb had been chosen to lead the State delegation to the Charlestonofthe same principle which he has himself rec-— enoughthe grass grows between them.andadjudicate claims against the Government,of Mr. Harris' if it is not a discourse,sheer,in tbe motives of his action or in the means by wtuch he sought his cherished objects, be ispainfulscenes— Poland, is simply and absolutely irreversiblesettleontheir own account,scuttled and con-andprecisely $225,627,;gross—aiBce,ratherashore,quire repairs.greatlytal and physical effects produced by what hecalls this taries is;maymind* of rational Boman Catholics as to the real origin of the troablea which are now gathering ao ominoualy about the throne of St. Peter, mnat be finaUy removed, we think, byconvincing the people of tha Noith that the tquareyari. Apfdy theaa fifniBS to mife<, and mate 'exercise oi his own talents, any at-terror of inaurreation te busy at the heart of t^ savtog ia beyend that aientionedlnthe tempts to coerce him into a change of policy aod mtme VKfV^i^ WoA he has now b^auPitra IX. to Napoleok HI.,to-dayin the imbecility which whines, and laments,fears into accepting the Union atreprehenaiblefnm-|the letter ofthere is staand vaguelyinvokesacy&natical creed.interestingof a fallingThe "boss baken"throughahnndredconsecutive and for days,poUticaHy daring his career into the flumCh*tttutnt)tmart,mtUtm- tionswhichitalsocontainsastothedutyoffeelings appropriateaudacioiuaaamnp-When we consider the endlessthisCity.Pope publishany price.arecommend it to the immediate consid-in matters representativeandprinciple Legiti-any whosebenefitit maybemade. Inthisin-writer may have presented soiae points of |^character in much too daik a ll^it, and ^ Biajmacy in opposition to the principle of KeToio- Knr- tion.quite aggregate expense keeping Broadway well paved with stone for a hundred years, would be a million doUaiastance, atleast,the laws ofthat a Catholicpoetoooedrewasharplineofdia- y^M.jwra IBBAnit*4n SmuMI Of L r«W crimination between the reverent deliberationwithwbicli ugels ^)proach matters of Impor-tance, and the exriwrant liaate displayed in the 'Wosrauia—I.unni— likeoaaeby^teanotherclassofpersons.protected, and, if need be, sup- given notice in the House of Representatives ported, in doing so.oftheUnitedStatesofabillintendedtorepealthe act creating the Court of Claims ; and that The Impostara of Spiritnalism.•ad Knalac—TBI nUKOAIS—L> OuvAuxlUan.flOUniOK'S BXLL—lU. BisBon' Lioma inPnre IX. puts his obstinate refusal to acqui- esce in the policy of France upon very differ- ent grounds from any which an Americaa cler- gyman, who is at the same time an American citizen, will care to advance. He declaresvoting much time to its improvement, or thedon, bad abjured Spiritualism, of which, for without tbe sUthtest attempt at dlseriminatkB.years past, he has t>een a and If hereputed burning hadbeenabsolutelythegreatestifatn. MLMB•AXBBr—Tai Amnuft Co.'i Hxuaiui. Modena, Tuscany and Parma as having been" •WiULDOBT6ALLXBT—ItxnunoicofTustaai. unjustly despoiled of their domains,"the surface from the earth below, else it will collectandholdthefilth andliquidsofthestreet and reek with poisonout- miasmas ; it must be durable ; and it must t>e cheap, to be commercially possible. Omitting the great question of health, for the -present, let us briefly consider the other conditions as fur- nished by stone and iron. The wear of stoneof bisdiscourses,inwhich JeffersonorJacksok,thanwassaidofBaoit-BBOUUtWAT, cor. ITiBth-itrect—Boanm's Sounu- BAiiPAianaaiAVADUCT or DKSIQN—KzEamoi or Puarntas.CAKUi-nSSR, Ko. 3te—VsnoaK's Fui Gauut •> On FAiainrw.NEWS OF THE DAY.The ateanulup Vigo, from Liverpool on the Sth, and the maile bT the Burofa wbich left the same £three da;R later, reached this Cltj laat even-Tbe news had been mainly anticipated by nph, but we add details of interest.Keagre particulars of the loss of the steamship AnifarioM begin to reach ns, but they afford no to hope that any one who was on tlieand that he will not cede theby ;because to do so would be towe regret to say that they dia4with the pain-ful and conviction that their honest mortifyingand well-considered judgments were treatedby the legislative body with marked and un- ciates and fearlessly exposes the terrible unthinking style of eulogy, as calculated to ex- merited contempt. Cases reported to Con- abuses to which they are liable. ert a moat injoriooa effect npon the yoangaaa gress as long ago as May, 1866, are as yet un- The " delinquent writer " thus denounced of the country wlio are looking forwaid top*- acted upon ; and we wish we could say that was a reporter for the Londoa Morning Adver- Utical distinction. BaoniaicEimdoabtadlynaean additional motive for the removal of the State ican connected with the Church of granite, at thirty years. In our climate, the Capital to San Francisco, the Board of Supervisors laymenof that city had offered to the State a square o> Rome. If these pretensions of the Pope are stone itself disintegrates by alternate and ex-ground valued at |1SO,000, whereon to erect the sound, the existing Government of the United cessive heat and cold, and its wear is greatlywe have had two consecutive ofdays goodnecessary public buildings.The Soiate, after the introduction and notice ofvariotts bills, listened to Mr. of Doolittu, Wis-consin, in defence of the Supreme Court of the State be represents, in its treatment of the Fugi- tiveSlavelaw. IntheHouseofRepresentatives a further attempt was made to elect a Printer. The third and final vote of the day stood Ball,:States is simply an outrage upon haman socie- augmented by its general roughness beforeshould not sooner have come look immediately for a terrible and for years, to a cor- gale,75Glossbrenner, 75This is the mo—st — important and,indeed,ill not allow to have been attended with perhaps, any»ubae<jucntlytheyclustered around the brow of this unhappy served. The advantages wUl evidently be a Pope Pics himself, when he came from his reduction of tractive power to perhaps onetothemprosperous. A caaal16 Necessary to elect, 93.16 The effort was then abandoned. Besolutions offered; scattering, 3.;Seaton,;Mitchell,:other Southern States than Virginia the political cumb beneath the elements are disturbed. In North Carolina thefor horses a of cleanliness ; degreeThenewsis tooand whenhow effectsalikeon admirableitsOpposition has nominated Mr. John PootK as its throne.Thnrsday evening,meetingwasheld, at which represent-is to assemble in June, end in accordance with in turn, the Papacy has been forced torecog- nize as lawful and honorable, with the desper-of the Post-offiee illustrates the durability it ;might uptliis determinationaConventionwillwere passed. In Committee of the Whole aof all Europe as " the late — at attempts Bologna,manner,agreesforkeepthoroughly State-prisoners disposedinsistof bUU were discussed variety withoutfinalaction. Theor else cleanonethe sum $300,000- Giudecca. Let us allof by meanstheHouse was flooded with petitions relative to everyMeasure actually before the and to Legislature,jumyothersthatwerenot. Alargenumberof tolls were reported, those relative to Landlord and Tenant, to Steam Boilers in New-York, to CityRavenna and other cities ;" to use language af- manyof our streets has been less than 2be held at appoint delegates.has lost only li per cent, after some sevenlands under water, for the relief of defrauded manity's sake, forbear to exult. holders of Stock in the New-Haven andto Railroad,other meeting held by the aggrieved bread- at such times and in such a way as to occasion Thi Wab Still CoimiorEn.—We had hoped,suppress intemperance,being reported favorably After traveling aU night and the betterJohB Brown's Accompliees.Mr. Smisott, who went from Boston to Vir-Theyof the stone trams, lost their patronage from Hxceer themselves, but Haws and Delavan, and that Mr. Smith has Throughout the coimtiy at large there isthe Nauonal portion Guard reached this CityOf thedayJ^erday noon. The Ninth and Twelfth Regf- »nits,togetbeitwith that portion of the Seventh tS&l old not |0 on to Washington, turned out to receive the amurtloiiists- In this welcome the military^ere jdned by crowds of the citizens, who cheered thrfr-vet Begibient most lustily on their march to Chehr nead-^piarters. The whole affair went off 'With great spirit and in a manner highly creditable to all concerned.sameusageas thataaian-The appeal to the general term of the SuperiorCourt from the injunction order granted against CoBBUnm YAXDBBBII.T and others at the suit oftlie New-Tork and New-Haven Railroad Company, son toThe cost of the Russ pavement is from f6 to do so, though the whole of the $7 per square yard. Belgian pavement, such'•\f cent., atter sellinir Hn«n to 704*I--I wMhi.h.;"" "se"l'l"ing down to 70». Pracifnic to be wisewe trust that practicable. The statistics of the Belgian their daily bread by ceaseless toil and endea- the right of confirming contracts, and it is theStates. The AboIitioniBts haveresolutions of thanks Herald for its efficient service in theirty, andthattheindependenceofthe Colonies, which the Most Christian Majesty ofmentioned.the Court insist on commanding some respectfor its judgments, or let its members resigntheir seats without waiting for the abolition of though unfortunately less strange, it is not less The question of Broadway aHoat wHI tiien ofthe Court.did so much to establish, was the triumph of aThe plates shouldown part—an infatuation which of course he renewed emphasis, and it would be prudent,greatcrimeagainst the enduring laws of God.:a large bearing surface intomeetitisadvance. "Intimeoffashion, is to reveal a condition of the Papal heart and brain, over which the bitter- est follower of Johm Knox might well, for hu-Ironconditionwe find in yesterday's Times the report of an- them every night and to remove all the dirtterthison that occasion a bold and verywould be likely to last at least fifty years, whenthe we wish Hecker miscellaneous filth which have accumulated Herald—ia unwearied in its labors. In itsfrom our EuropeanForthe cry ofmarginiron,bishops who were ao swift toepistle,greatand as was formerly the case with the Roman adhesion.as much a fact of nature as 'the everlasting hills ; as much a fact of grace as any dogma of the faith.House, and that in Nassau-street,laid some five months, are in a condition to re-poBtica, eqiecially in the very full and positive Palinode which he is large cities, is to throw all power moie ^~« made to recite in the columns of our British mors into the hands of flie rough, reckleas, on-Austria atfirmed by that power on the scaffolds, in theofterpreted byLaybach,pairsvehicles,npon horses,laite part of the mails for Canada and this City prisons, npon the battle-fields of Italy through ometrical ratio. The solid large blocks thehad been recovered, but in a greatly damaged state, of and misrule. Hetheir sleep, givingaBdwCTe the au- forty years oppressionpavement irregulariythe Belgian—but they are well known to be impracticable in another way ; the excessive smoothness of large blocks, however full ofrigidityplacepower,maywellof despair allawaiting disposition by properAiiticae from Buenos Ayres to the ith ult. are •lliaBd. The elections passed off without cre- IIbs aaf extraordinary excitement, and the dif-treats his spiritual relations with the Catholicworld as merely one feature, and that not themost important, of his position. He could not,do otherwise withoutEmperor an accusation of schism, which heotherwise than mean and ridicu- lous. A quarter of a million of dollars wouldwere indeed, aaioceedodthe3d- Asthevesselwhichbroughtthebe tersections, rendera it impossible forliorses tothe Court favorable to the claimantsthe judgments in favor of the United States are reported stating certainly roughs,"upwards of three millions. Congress oan be that the great majority of the Spiritualists in earliest triumphs in politics were achieved byftiaiiUal dntiee for theof BuenosAyresforcing nponis not yet mad enough willfnlly to stmunoa up,at their in-;—port"perfectlyrespectKil He isto afford the peculiar regular roughness required by horses, andas at war withtrue welfare of society. With his modea of action and his means of iiifluence in Califor-" the whichbadanimatedhimhere. For tjiinmysterious spiritualaffinity." spiritDisfiatehes from Malloy's Station furnish Cali- point of view as a temporal prince. Dealing unevenness and holes and undulations. Thesefinnia advices to the 4th inst. There had been no with it in tliis way, he ventures the astound- are the conditions of stone paving under heavyImprovement in business worthy of note since thedate of previous advices. Politicians were dis- ing, not to say the insane, proposition that to city traffic. We have seen a plenty of smallplaying great activity in intriguing for their indi- submit his sway over the Romans to the fiction stone pavements in Belgium which last wellblinking." How happensit, then, that thesepleasure,accordingastheyarenia,assure his election to the Senatorship whichDr. GwiN ation of the French Empire, will be to shake sive compared with that of iron. Thewhich are as soon as into forgotten they passdeliberate and wanton fabrication—and this theandwill soon vacate, and Setiator Latham expected all the thrones of Europe and to subvert the neer of Streets, Seweis, etc-, in London, esti-Conveation;Gen. Destik wasendeavoringto in-ognizedlegitimatesovereignin its cre-Theregular wearingout ofstone is exces- Engi-to leave for Washington, where a vacant seat awaits him by the steamer of the 6th inst. Capt. jABBOi'sicompany of volanteers had been prose-very bases of social order. mates the life of a first-class stonetramway,thingsthat a man using language at all like this at- encourage that most mischievous of ftdselioods, tributed to Mr. H—arris should in any way con- that in politics all means that conduce to suc-calm andjust and honorable at a cost to theLegations, " weaken theits purport and statements." The reverend gentleman, it asserts, is still a finn believer In Spiritual manifestations, though he fully appre-" not only of these"of the Sovereigns of the whole Chiiatiaaworld." Now it will be observed that this de-claration, if it means anything, means simplythis : That the right of any established dynasty is partly irregular and partly regular. The in- in Europe or the world, whether its powers tersections of the stones grind out into gutters descend from liand to hand by hereditary suc- and grooves, or hammer into holes and undu-rightsPrinces,but—cession, as in the case of most of the reigning lations witness the Russ and Belgian pave-elective trans- ments Half the intersections respectively.it is probable they will be considered in four ortoforty years come. Men who have the rep-of their never to connive at the religion pay-ment of a debt of the United States. Until some reform is effected in the legislative branchThe amount of to money requisite payof the CourtUnited States, \a too small to render furtherone coimected with that organ of the not without some regard to the meaoa publichouses in or Europe to-day,utation of in their honestybymission, as is the case with the Papacy to-day, nm the wrong way to give horses hold andpersonal affairs, think nothing of hindering, delaying and de- frauding public creditors. Men who some- times pay their own debts, make it an articleby bouses. And yet it Is really almost beyond be- wldch it was accomidiahed. The mere &et lief that any conceivable reporter, even in the of success is not enough to entitle a man ta finest orgasm of the inspiration which belongs such praises as have been lavished upon him.and as af-demoniacal system" upon its vo-in the face of theattitude of the ruler of the French.forced to reason of this matter with bis eldest this brings us back to the Belgian, with its im-Without dwelling upon the dash of rather not so much used as our most heavy streets,results ?It is hardly credible that all the reportedcuting a guerilla warfare against the Indians, and anile personal impertinence towards the French and osed mostly by wltcels only, which do —not without leave or license from the State had killedcessarejustandpraiseworthy.The Canalizatioh of Bboaowat.—Now thatharder to.believe that a sum so insignificantis larger than Congress have found inclinationor opportunity to pay. Let us hope that this inlelligence, enjoying his intimate knowledge weather, broken in upon by only one brief state of things will no longer continue. Let of, and his connection with the system for shower of rain, it is simply reasonable toare Emperor which flavors this we approach horse-shoes in destructiveness proposition,a judgments of the Court should call upon Con-gress for a sum so insignificant but it is still ;tinueto as the London—uphold Spiritualist500 of them.made by numerous mining compames. To afford call to it the very serious attention of all Amer- tramway of Aberdeen, Herm and GuernseyHighly encouraging reportsa yielding such fruits as those which he des- cribes- Very strange is it, too, that a man of hisEnglishrectunderstandingofitsrealcharacter- And theheaviestsnow-stormoftheseaaaa.A practicably shaped pavement of iron, pos- France and the Most Catholic Majesty of Spain sesses the following advantages. The practi-sad, that after so an infatuation on his course come up before an attentive public with longto theboth vertical-only importanttions, insinuations and suggestions of a—rgu- ners for horses' foothold ; second, to give ato call them — argumentsand wewould be a ridiculousparty issues, and was followed by Mr. Spaulotng, misuse of terms may well be passed over in crackingplates or straincast,as just aptare even bent on taxing ourfeature of;theyhy Mr. Cabtbe of this State in regard to the hos- nate of all Papal compositions. Its recrimina- ly and laterally first, to give a regular rough-nowin anjudgeleniently, the great body of his fellow-believers.the sidewalks of our and great thorougfa&re,se convert its roadway into a comfdete caaal ?pitalities offered by the Congressional Committee to the New-York National Guard excited muchfeeling, and the Committee vainly endeavored to procureahearingforadefence. Mr.McPHtRSONtheyjustengagedenterprisethe this most unfortu-proportion corrugatedmoral charity for,—he and shouldpeace prepare for war is a soimd, practical no more maxim. Why not at once set about dykingment in maintenance of this proposition for plane generalso that thesurface for traction easylookingback tlie upon gulfentered into a discussion ofofNew-York,whoassailedtheSt.ClairFlatsveto. pityingsilencebyallwhorememberhowgetherbylugscastontheirintersections,sotoextinguishoneoftheirnumberforsellingexcitingSoth Senate and House adjourned to Monday. Aleportwassubmitted yesterday to the Vir- ginia Opposition State Convention, now in session at BiebmoDd, denouncing the Republican Party, declaring that the General Government has no right to interfere with Slavery in the States, and deprecating in the strongest terms the proposal to conferwar-makingpowersonthePresident. Thethat thehave been ; how noble were the hopes which aU, and so that the general level shall be pre-great a power for good the Papacy nught onceweightproverbtellsus,so hot as the zeal of Battery would be a magnificent job for tiiediocese with the heart of a true half what it now averages on a Belgian pave- patriot, and the earnestness of a true minister ment, since the general level is preserved ; report called forth an exciting discussion. In of religion, to enter upon the trials and to suc- the best possible adhesion and footholdA Gleam of Sunshine.ly, legitimately, and of right, a vender There is actually a possibility that we may least a yeai;, thereby compelling us to open of flour and farina, and nothing more. As long have clean streets for the whole of the coming new avenues, to the east and to tbe west And.provincialappears, ia, by the bakers' code, proper-render the streetcompletely impassable for attemptationstemporalasheconfinedhimselfto this harmless voca- year!goodtrue,finished,impossible in any stone pavement, and To compare the successive revolutions a durability which can hardly be ima- which have been carried to victory by French- gined without reference to the statistics ed in the Democratic National Convention which men themselves, in France, and each of which, already at hand. The iron pavement in frontGubernatorial candidate. At Charleston, 8. C, onait was decided that the State should beColumbia,at an earlyday,toVhe AlslMims Legislature, to encourage direct ate struggles ofthe Roman people to right their years' use, and is, as to general level, the besttrads, has passed a bUl exempting from duties(ooda which are brought into Southern for ports•ale in Alabama.Tha bill estahlishing a Board of Pardons was re-ported fiiTorablyto the State Senate, yesterday ;ownsteelreason for permitting Swiss mercenaries to avenge the honor of the tiara throughout theintown. Its— ispavement shape vety bad—strain-whilewrongs shut in a circle of foreign;ghostofNapolson I. as a ingexcessivelyto invoke thethe feet of horsesdirty, as the earth below can squeeze through it, and as it is a receptacle of the dirt and washas was also the bill to prevent ticket swmdling- A Emilia, as they have it in ofthe street, and a laboratory of poisonous bUlto abolish the City Ahnshouse Department already avenged•was noticed. Those relative to rates of wharfage Perugia ; to talk of the open revolt of whole gases. But these facts no more condemn iron and to land in the Twelfth Ward of New-York provinces peaceAiUy in the face as iron, than do the eccentric pillars of thePemberton mill. The wear of sewer plates inloaves to dear ones, held a meeting,and resolved to call upon Heckkr in a tor of the street-sweeping machine, by which drift out of sight and remembrance, like theaccomplishedformal and solemnas dear bread as otherstop selling bread altogether. With this modest He binds himself keep streets in a canalization of Broadway, and let the workof ato betion, they had no fault to find with him, and we shrink from announcing it as anything that the appearance of the metropolis, and upon thewere even content to flour of him as is to but the bare health and convenieBce of the We purchase likely actually happen; populationIcheaply as he could be got to sell it. But in an chance of sach an experience is enough to be- should rival Venice in oar pietureaqne beauty, evil hour he determined to convert his flour wilder imaginations so long accustomed to the and New-Orieans in our interesting insalubrity. into loaves, or, in other words, turn " boss mud and filth with which our citizens have be- A noble Bialto be thrown at Uuob-baker," and on doing so, found he could, come familiar. and flat-bottomed ateamboata, of the owing square,to bis flour business, sell bread cheaper than We are informed, however, that in utter de- Western pattern, running anywhere wiiere"his neighbors, and has ever since been doing spair of reform from any other quarter, the it ia a little damp," would deliver na fitan tlieso. The other baken, finding themselves un- Mayor, Comptroller and City Inspector not plague of omnibuses forever, nien, too, when able to compete with him, and that the bread- long since Invited proposals from various par- people got themselves murdered in the street, eaters, with strange pervereity, prefer cheap ties familiar with the work, and yesterday con- as they will insist upon doing, it would be socluded a contract with Mr- the t« tbem into fliere to Smith, proprie- simple drop the watar,Uthe South, and that it idle to talk of dealingjustly by men who can be eoeieed by theirfint sentence of tUa aitfasla. Even supposing deserves the severest reprehension. They are taken, inth abadift^ dean streeta teasimply snpiem- the power of overriding all constitutional guarantees to establish apavement isonly onefirstrest assured thatofas well as the best instincts of en- humanity,But without the indorsingingperiod.If our rulers oan Cityof whidihisdeathwaaaaBMoicedinCongieM•few days ainoe. In the Saaate the laogBaflB naedwaagenerallyMieaaiuwl,aadkept,taa reasonable degree, within flte Omits of justiee.theseentertainment of for its propositionsandTheBeatCityPaTemeBU.Union,flniMitiBRuss —do not setiUe likea fearfcdto theandattempts to raise our puhiic sentiment to a higher levd, and to introdace a better sfdittlongitudinal gutters they maysecure a foothold, and strains them severely.The stones must be smallcountry withinterest. Thisislesscal shape consists in thisbe three or four feet square, so as to presentloadshould be —obliquityshould have nocent, in overper thirty years. gutter covers,—even ifhe has torequest we presume be declined to comply, as satisfactory — sweep begin forthwith.will cool whenfrom which he hasescaped himself,;keepafter a service of New-Orleans, twenty-seven:weeks and years, with half or three-quartersof the power required to draw them taoed,this feature of the economy of smooth pave- tirely accord. The are entitted to havements rivals the other in importance.ciyof South-the instrnmenta of a aillyTo coerce Heckxs at all is a foolish proceed-ing, but to seek to coerce him bythe flour dealers, ia at impn^r and illegal as it ia foolish.general surfsoe be leveldestruc- tion, we think It would be well for Congress tothird, without should be fished to-much sound common sense. They have actual-ly held two or three meetings to take into con-sideration what means they had better adopt of passionate rancor against all those who railwayson one shall be distributed togroveled bread cheaper than the rest of the fraternity. zeal, thewithhiminthe ThereisnostretchingfromWashingtonHeightstothe abyss.and it is;man is now as he ever was, to feel a kindCanals New-York,order of the day just now inthese date to be ootraceoosly exaggerated, stSll morevriMle year, *New-T<)tk traoid beeome a Aae.Tov I>An Baas—in another part of fids momiBi's soMaIn' favor of eration of every city governmentthatof ordertion, repairs of vehicles, and the killing strainupon horses.proceaaion of vehicles passing great thorough-the will publicin this it regard,outstanding judgmentsagainstthecrushingphysical energies, robbing praiseacUeviBgrepudiationarewhich does not argue the possession of very In his horror atthein the extreme. He it paintsbyof men who thiu succeed inwerevelationthan they will squander on a single job for a and utterly immoral in all the relations of life ;and with theinyears, are still good. Iron plates, in the streetsof Cincinnati, after fifteen y^ars use, show noperceptible wear. The English engineer, abovequoted, says that iron tram plates, under the then and there resolved to not only withdraw and careful consideration by Messrs. Wood, has given rise to so much ownmotlon.the other for the second time, to de- about one-fifth of an inch in nine yeare, and fromdayof his already received orders to commence work on ifest subsidence of the heated passion latelyginialend Stkvins on his trial for aiding and abet-ting in John Browh's conapixacy, and made of iron pavements. This iron pavement, then,everybought anythere is noperceptiblerustor corrosion in case flour.BO rife. But tiie —true Monday, As a matter of cotirse, it will be a Abolitionists continneon thespeech on the national relations of the Har- the oMer side, at the cost of turning over the success in the conflict which his enterprise has during the Winterof Slavery, is now doing his best to secure the pardon of his convicted client from Gov. LiTCBEB. There would seem to be some rea-vigorouspearrecord,heartilymad—e1f:meeting of the Anti- Slavery Society in Boston it in repairs. lis cost, at the end of one hun- in this City, the smallest fraction either of in- stance to waive something of their extremeIT* imit», at steady pric^.'^^lV.?; >>".'",•.?"' the other day, called for the purpose of is- dred years, then, would have been at least |42 crease or decrease in tlie price of a loaf is a rights, and to confirm the contract which has Ladles' Bible Union was held last evening at th*reallyHudson River lowlrcent .«tV"1, by }®1 she willby nature,maythefollyofman- pavement,cause for to Uiepassingt imdmLond,'='>^P««i. i.e sales of Cotton comprT.ed^^^no'h"?""'- ,jLadies' Bibli Uaioa.—^The Anniversary of the»e<ii;est. Themovementsinotherbranchesof ^J« were restricted.organ-hymnofInsurrectionascendstoGod." out,thereisleft,atthelowestcalculation,$1 thestaffoflifeforlessthantheywouldbe tionthatBroadwaywascleanedattheex- toa.SDr.8dmim>«idR«'-Ji-ofa»Uotm»»O" P""fell b^k¥practically recognizebypowertheytenaciousof good I-eadstnffs were in fair demaL"""''?"'""*! " 80• -. Provisions were less active i" „''"7''?' dorsing Mr. Siward as a man fit to be Presi- per yard.the — officers. Mr. Broome-street Baptist Church. Tbefntroductoty «,- by executive annual Be-." .depressed. Groceries were more^f?.^"''^'' dent," and for otherrecelred asd ex- in tbe work of translating Jthe Scrlptarei. Rev1-••!.objects,*hey were in demand, but at frr!!'' i°^" mental, announced his belief that the echoes been $4 50 or say $5, first cost, and 12J^ cents the least fall in the price of flour brings the lux- with the work he has undertaken, and quali-port showed that tSM 74 had been pended01 course every fresh execution of one of Jo^H 60 worth of old iron, sa th9 totaotof ironcompelledto pay for i( (laewheie.he hasof lastpeoie the merchaats Siunmer,and Ubrief addresses. Jm c>oat«iataeawas United- ..aadtaoa quitemakers, in order to combine inflicting summary vengeance uponhim.stand that the contract was closed after fiill be an abatement of the sectional war whichbutwhenthishasbeen yesterday's"issueitper's Ferry affair, and of the general question plates, say 12 i cents per yard, should last as provoked. If he sells cheaper bread and flour done, and the streets are once put into a proper in Boston by Ga«rison and Phillips,in the great business streets of our be numbered the hundred thou- which have been mostvor,mayufacturing martyrs for other people to use. cities, show that at the end of each four to six sand. When we remember to how many thou- retaining. It is possible that, for the sake of|Mr. Wendell Phillips, in a speech at the years, its original cost has to he expended on sands of poor and friendless men and women the public good, they may be willing in this in- cause. jwtien, as in theent case, iimocent third partlea are forced intoeffort to prevent food becoming cheaper, no matterorganassures us that he doessystemnot sympathizewithJudge Itibsom, of Georgia, has introduced a The announcement that a very eloquent But in the Hoose.the aoleeCntof his eulofiato bill in the Senate with the view of amending preacher of this Cify-^ev. T. L. HAnais—in seemedtobetofasapi^ aiirtaN o^ffenaaa the organization of that tribunal. Before de- a public discourse, recently delivered in Lon- of applause, withoot refarft) (Mr trntk, tmia shining Ugfat, has Iteen followed by a fearful man and patriot this conntry ever prafaeei, attend to the bills now on its table, reported fluttering in the "circles." The Spiritual nothing more could liave been said in hisWashoiokhi, "thedelinquentwriterentirelymisrepresented ERicKbytwoorthreeofthosewhoreadwrit-in a of one of reportto beer, should have invented for Mr. Harris The natural of tendencyasthem oflimbs and a ghastly expression to the counte- nances, and eventually inducing some strangeextinguish all the outstanding judgments of and fell disease, wbich utterly defies all medi- into our political contests.while cal treatment.Bbodxbice, so long as he lived in &is CUy,Mr. Harris is farther as was one of theof this country are not believers in any Divine the very means which all good men deprecate•and hiaatcases from the Court are treated with so much drawn to or repelled from each other by a cer- he carried to that remote region something ofWhyarecontumely ?men employed at good salaries to examine Now, if there is any truth at all in the report whatever improvement he experience eithervery respectable gentle-How can these gentlemen, con- sistently with self-respect, continue to occupy sertBut no oaeSpiritualists themselves do not appear to as-judgments ?places where they can accomplish no useful on the subject. It is prima facie improbable conceal his faults, or through Ids example to—there are two or threeBreadandtheBakers. """CheapThe boss bakers of this City are, we haveno doubt, a very estimable set of persons, but morew peculiarThe fortunate or unfortunate wight, whose a convert and none, we may add, less merci- City contractors. It would perfect^ attain the ;loaves they are thus puffing into notoriety, is ful, charitable or Mr. Hecker, of farina celebrity, who, it ap-jvist.end now bunglingly aimed at by so many pub- lic-spirited builders of houses and shops, andeither to sell heto the whole Cttij Venetian of in tbepeople,year forto all thenpona for no inconvenience to the public- We under from tbe signs of the day, that then was to upon planflour-dealer whoWe confess that if the merits of the case ap- labor of weeks to remove the mud, ice, and to their aim, and their organ for the Southtwospeechesmuch longer. than other people, we trust he will continue to condition, Mr. Smith has no doubt of his ability the most inflammatory harangues to whichprints" In to keep them so, without difficulty or danger of this fresh crusade has given lise,—gloryingfailure. the prospect of a speedy renewal of attempts We take it for granted that the Common at slave insurrection, and stimulating the moetSouthern But pwpte^jea^rtay. Argument was heard but no decision may be so. Virginia has at least sufficiently mentioned, can be fursished and laid at $4 50 The " boss bakers " are a small, and with their rights, and it is not unlikely that they for their transfer to the columns of the Herald,as it is at contractors'leiized stock held by them, came up for a hearing ful, and it is certainly to be hoped that they yard, and such an iron pavement as we have cause we love bread consumers more- Council will complain of this as an invasion of intense hatred of (heto restrain the of expect that his efforts will be success- prosecution their suit on Schuy-prices,costs %2 35perless,but be-le'dered. vindicated the outraged majesty of her laws per square yard. The iron;«, '^f.?*!*"*" in Blocks yesterday were firmer and as she has istheip all respect be it spoken, insignificant frac- will take steps at once to break up the con- these incendiary documents would never haveS, w Y^ru ?.""''®«- ""«1 irregular on the Share list. exchanged a ruler who waspavementthan the Russ, lasts longer, tion of a great community. They may be tract and prevent the work from done. been seen beyond the lumts of Boaton ; nowcheaper7T1i 1> cent ^*""al closed, as on Thnrsday, 702® merely wise by name, for one who is believed and is practicable, wliile the Buss is im- numbered by fives, where those who obtain The Charter reserves to the Common Council they will penetrateboss bakers were ruined thereby. We say this, not becausewe love '• boss bakers"The cost of iron for the same matter of life and death—to how many thou- been madeuseful and orna- time, if the above data are correct, would have sands of children, bred in sorrow and iiardshlp, Smith is a practical man, thoroughly familiar excises were of the tunal chsrsotsr. Thepr.ccs^ Fist, Hops, Naval Stores. oUs Talk,'" of John Brown's " will be fur- for turning. When the stone is worn out it is ury of a full stomach—we confess we sympa- fied by experience to it, to the letter r"'.Y^''T were quiet. Hay, Hidesf'S^' foray repeated — performfrcotch Plglron, heii. Teas, and Tobacco were ?n ther West and' further South, tUl the great worthless when the iron pavement is worn thize strongly with any man who offers them of his engagement It was under his direc-Feam BxMnaioH deUvered "lsIfUntitledDoocument;Onr correspondent very justly condemna Adawearelessfamiliar. Butwithoutdoubtentitled to full and zealous praise.to be said has a right to magnify tiis virtues so as toare thebeing the most remote limits ofI Ithe SlavetheA pure Bible ttie only tnie Pltf*TM ^J^^!^^*^'^^_,°^^'^JTMf!Si^t^r Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 