 NEW YORK HERALD-famine, we rejoice In the happiness of an over- flowing ban est and Increased production of the articles of food essential to the sustenance or man aad beast so that we shall have enough to supply the wants of those for whom the earthaustemplain that tie Sabbath" real to them, not because ofB=~ * ~ -J A M E Se n x i K. w.TMMdS.m*JT8M WltMM.LT MMMALD, W —adhyiBiThe bluster ao^ confusion that are now going0-with the fusion negotiators, over who shallberi-cedepen the onion electoral ticket, arIn yesterday's HJEBALD we published a letter from ear London correspondent in which be gives an account of the people's subscription Sunday band,and its performances ia Regentspark, London. What a contrast between this andthe gloomy fanaticism which pervades the Sun-^^•saBIPflpBWA^aw^aassMoj • * • *^' w^»«"" - ^ »visiting, but because that portion of tbe com- munity who plume taoBMelves most on respect for tbe lord's day will not give themselves the trouble to walk. The great sensation preachers aad the revivalists are especially pointed out( i O B O O l V X a T W W * u».tta AK» rsomnoR.•av-al T/heeot slx<eleven, Friday algtt. AItmrmM r3irT *MMtZutlTr*m«k*, •»/«-«-*-,•,-—»•——————***M*-i in 11mill* mawi-a>'•* .'Loanmm*, Ky., Sept 21, ltgt Joe Stoarer wen the four mile race hereto day, d_*oae-rU ~ C t T U U t U* l » — « / a m — — e u a t r*j"HIBat eowtax wMcvrvoaia.• x tThe ConstIt utlom \allifled by the Party Mode of Electing the President.MO MOTlt'Mstumping the country In their own behalf, and©nt of teven.This is a reproach to our civilization and ourBA" ifl— tttOTAMn.sre only Lincoln men In diegutoe, and will be ' - fee considered by the people.•fiecountryor thestabilityof its institutions. spirit and letter and the spirit and let- whenshebadgonebec-.id to afriend, "I respect roll-'—them the nominees of party conventions, arejLMUSkMRXTS TO MORKCW KVKXiNU. aCAMBaV OP MUSIC, Foar-Ma* Street—Ir»u*i Otro-up in all their speeches, and not the welfare oftbe atte.dani on the cab rank. One day she gave a tract gifted upon them, in defiance of their to tbe attendant which bore on Ssbbsth ofcse—anee. aa«iBTBUrs OABDXX Bicaawayy»Haaiat.r* ••— — —WHITES OAJIDEB. I r w r n f . opposite BoeA aW-t- ttAOicJo_s-*'as^aOr<n#»!.:j.-L-iA;xrao*Aa*To*isomebody else must do it < The practice of tend inthisState is identified with black repub- the expression of Cabby's face, as, twirling his excitement, the pump being broken ami the aaali tUteg. » UklOGKS, bO>0». HAWSM, AC—JACK CADO.!rrtt.f>'« 8 AM i a * . Wr*ed-,*y.—Tfom*r A CAM—«u.'s '''J.<!UU Ml B.?Hl<.r_*3 hO-tuS, illUX>41~ DAM!**, *C— lSkiuntAtiGx B A U -KATTONA1. THEATRE. Cb*t_am street.—D_u_'J DiSGa- TIBS—BA< x B o - a x i — T H O M.IU.T i U o o i r . a s 'CABTKRBtlBY MUSIC H.A.LI., iflS Broadwa y.-Soifcs 1>.*»CX», B«ltMt«n», AC.New loik, Sauday, SepumMr «3, ASBv»Coffeefirm/sales1,200hoopofRwatltj^aa l&*c, 1.6C0 bags of Loguayra at 14^c. a 15c. Ftt»ir qu etc eo- advocate what he pleases, no matter how un- block in the way of the rational enjoyment of we are forced to the conclusion that their ty- pLr&oe, SO 75 a $5 87. Wm»t firm at $1 35 0 SI OS.'fI'll*No——.i'rtnce. iatcr in the day, left town for the, hunting grounds, where he will spend several days in the .-l>orts of the chase. *Thousands of persons visited the Central Park yesterday to enjoy the fresh.air, listen to the eon- cert of instrumental music, and watch the graceful movement* of the swans, and otherwise amnse themselves.toga will be totally deserted, while autumn leaves will be thick upon the ground*.the choice was proposed to be made by Congress; secondly, by the State Legislatures; thirdly, by the people at large; fotlrthly, bythethe same grad*. OM mMdliag uplaada a— quoted at 10KC ITorida aUddUag old do. at the aaaas fig—«, «_*New Ortaana aad Texas middlings at i:j*e. * no., •applies of Gulf cottons are very light, these quotations may heeaaattaasi soaaawhat nominal: middling rair aew Celt crtloai ware sailing io small iota at lax a 12 „c. The Sour market was heavy. aad sales moderate; the re- ceipts were large, and the tan of tat mat.01, in favor or the parchaser. Ike receipts 0/ wheat were large, aad prices Be. s So. per bushel lower. Corn was a-so easier. Pri—te letters by the Hiropa —are net SSJPB—aglsg. A tetter wai reeeived by a Shipping he—e hare from MB Liverpool friends, (who— orevtoat let-.e— had been 0* a gloomy teas re- gardteg the nantesr), stetteg that tars —asks men of goodweather frost that date would gr— Bags—* A yield equalto that of last year. All thoughts of those engaged ia thetrade here are taraed towards the next news, by theAdriatic, which, It hi supposed, will prove decisive oneway or the other, siaee ao steamer doe at ihte part iado not elect the President according to the dis- entertained company, who took carriage airings,Pork was it—Jy, with sal— of sew me— at fl9 30 a$19 49. and sear prime at S14 a $14 2a Sagtus wareandhappy. Our internal and external trade withwhichitisattemptedtobindthem,andto places of amusementBase Ball Match im Baltimore. BALTTaoma, Sept. 82,1340.•'***_'•*__•_' ever* WWaa«aov» IqfOrnti Britain,pimtrtr,*; th*ahead of London and ovary capital of Europe in its ideas of rational liberty, aad Inthe securi- ties which it possesses for the same in the con- stitution of the United States and the constitu- tion of this State, is yet far behind London and The candidates for the Presidency, all of Paris,andotherEuropeancapitals,intheprac- tical enjoyment of freedom for at least one dayWhen Spurgeon, ar Punshon, or Bellew, hold arrived haretootovoaiag at six e'otock. 1 < " ".«•. »80cf $42,80$, over the eomspoodiagFire Damp Explosion at Pittaton, f»e- SCBAS—st, Pa, Seat. £1, lStt,A are dampexplosion 00——ed today in B* If the leaders of the parties to which they be- gioo, bat each a develo|«nent so this I detest." And be miae, ot the opper oad of Pittstoo Six men*It may be all very well for the noisy politi- long will not point out to them their mistake ter of genuine Christianity. The spiritual tare up the tract. mite, all of whom got out except John Howard, Jr ,cianstokeepuptheir tumult about Douglas; despotismwithwhichthepeople havetocon- Thistodelicious. Justpicture to yourself itistea—d,tstufTocated. Tbesceneiso_e0!thewildestWAT-LACE* THJf-TBS, Broadway.—Tot ROTAUST— only bya union of the conservative forces Insion cf the constitution which directs that the people shall elect electon—wise and discreet citizens—who will then choose the best man for chief magistratefafter due deliberation.Bse* roa A Winoir.LAC to. Bl-jnOW THEATRE, Bo. 63* Broadway-Tax KV**.*T ear. _ _ _ _ _KKW BOWtCRV THKATBK. Bo—*rv.—To* Coimiu Of hro**- Ationcu C*iu»—Hi!>:*0)ia JACK.SA»ytnT3 AXBSICAIt Ht9S~B. Broadway-Pay tady eniox—Jos—a A»O Uts bsxitataw-LmsG Con:o*i vote being divided between them, neither hav-rspirit and intent of the fundamental law. Thepeoplemaybeledastrayforatime;butwhen theirSundaytrains,madecheapbyactofPar-WASHJKCTOX, Sept. 3t, I860. THERETTRXSOFTHJCC~iSCaMARSHALS.The ceams returns are rapidly pouring in from the sev* era! Marshals throughout the count.j but returns from1 Aii 'on Sunday, their Sunday music, andTbl steamship Adriatic, from Havre and 6outa- England. The struggle in the Northwestern .3.I'liai.thimrt.,for New York,bad not made StatesIsbetweenDouglasandLincoln;thetheir attention is pointed to their errors theyliament, to convey them out of the metropolisMsentatives. The regular democratic organiza- tion in New Jeisey have hoisted a union ticket, representing the Douglas, Breckinridge andtbe people, indeed, were unanimous, or nearly unanimous, in indicating a particu- lar man, it is not likely that the electorsNEWQsiaAss, Sept 22,1860.Karstendeck &Oo.'s and other liquor storeson Tcboupi- with too support of the Bell Everett men, bore—r insig-t>* -W»H NEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, SgFTKMBHt 28,the verteet dribble, aad only land to disfust has not yielded its increase. Importation andthe public It mattere but littiw who are on exportation will therefore briokly increase,Tbe oad atwharfat half pastth& ticket, only that they are men of respecta- bllity. ar.d will cast their vote. If elected, efhirttt Lincoln aad for some national candi- date. The defeat of Lincoln is the paramount object with the consm—ative voters of the State, and for this porpoae a onion ticket will be for—ted. It matters not whether they will caat their vote for either of the men now in nomination against the aectiooal republicancandidate, or take up some new man; the pub-lic, asioe from the trading politiciana, wUl be instead of championing great principles, orequally satfefied, and any clique, organizationor set ot men that attempt to run an electoralticket In opposition to this union combination narrow personal ground, aadselfishness loomswaya paid alxpeoce beforehand to the driver to take her to Morylehotte church, jnet within 0 mile (a laugh). Tt* aixp—ce used to be sometimes accompanied with a reli-butacandidsurveyofthefieldmostsatisfy candidatescampaigningforthemselveswaslicanism,andistheremnantoftheoldPuritan fare'sgiftbetweenhisfore-fingerandthumb, withwater.BOWEBY VHTUTRF., lop.-«y.— THE •dp*** any person that he does not stand the remotest unknown to our forefathers, and is practically R « M M > I f l . chance of bt tag elected by the people; and it is at variance with their whole idea in the provifanaticism imported from England by the Pil-g: ha Fathers, who arrived in the Mayflower andsettled in Massachusetts. In Old England it hashe watches her disappearing within the portals of the fashionable Betbesda. #It needs cot, however, that we should——mLLADE-THIA STOCI BOABB. P—I.an—j— t.aept. 22 U t tthe Middle States that the election of Lincolncan be prevented, and the selection of oar nextPresident thrown into Congress. The contestin the Southern States is exclusively between This provision was intended as a check upon Breckiniidge and Bell, with a prospect of thewmmmm hoivj. FVMijivaaja Suui 6 s, jiftvi; Bm rood, IS. ;, Pea—ylvaaia Railroad, AIM- Sight 1 'ca New York, par.at UXc a lB>ic- Wei-key, 22>*e o »»»'& PBUADKUPBU, Sept 22, lstt.TIES, AC. _ _ _ _ _ *BUI ANT*' MTNBTRKLS lleckautt' Hall. 472 Bioidway— of tv&or tirt* Northern States. There was It is true that the right of all to free speechiag enough to elect bun, even with the additionwillsooncometightagain.Theyhaveallowed iter appearance oflBhis port up to a late hoar last former may succeed in carrying one or two the party convention system by degrees toBOrs8 OP CABBTIBO THE COUNTY AND JUBICIAl. toinhalethefreshandinvigoratingbmezftsof nooneStateorTerritoryhareyetbeenreceivedtoindi- OFFICERS---B» THBTR CArTDinATS5! ABA—THBnight, bhe will bring three days later news.T i e steamship Bienville, from" New Orleans 15th add Havana ISih i a s l , arrived at this port yester- day afternoon. The Bienville brings a very targeStates, but his chances are exceedingly slim, practically supplant the mode of election pro- and it is almost like hoping against hope. vided in the constitution; but if we are not This throws the responsibility of the defeat greatly mistaken, the time is at hand when theygination on the beauties of rural scenery. This is a step in civilization in advance of New York;PolS FOX ST—?I-S FOB TUB NAVY.The bids for supplying the several navy yards through-oat the United States with materials Lave been received4! Hit: .• M**-—»,while wealth will rapidly flow into the coffersof our merchants, to tbe common advantage ofthe laboring classes. 411 these circumstancesday in New York, under the influence of alackrepublican legislation! New York, so far as the wont enemies of Sabbath observances.,Theer-w ot-msblp Herat Vereoo? from KewYa*,taken together will exercise a salutary influence•Ilorae Race 0« t>xtat tosi, « y .on the prosperity of the Empire State.forth there is no test for the splritaally bereftJehus of the metropolis. But the manner inwhich the advocates of Sabbajth restrictions re-concile their doctrines with their practices to so iBf his opponent Tune 1AI. characteristicthatwemust let tbe missionary The Great Western Rail- ay or Canada.of the cabmen give his own account of It :— Hasm—A, C W., Sept. 22, ISts.A lady, who hod a first rate establishment, sad kept a The earatefi of tat Groat Weotera Boirway, for Shepewtierat iooiman, used to engage o eoh every Soodaywhen the weather was wet or tne roods dirty. She ai- w•oees'k_ enadinsg yesterday, won $85,4850, being oa tearossomeeting the issue of the day, they are takingChristianity, and is owing, not to the genius ofour institutions, but to a perverse fanaticism gions tract, given to the driver, and occasionally one todemagogueism, but is now virtually rendered a nullity;In New England ittheir own habits a faithful reflection of theirfanatical spirit that baa so long had possession ure founded on the public virtue and intelli- the very health of the citizens. In London, of New England; but the atxm tactions spirit gence of tbe people, on these qualities we must after a severe struggle with the fanatics,motives than religious conviction.that has ruined all the po itiail parties seems to have full sway amongst the opposition to Lincoln, leaving no hops in that direction. The present attitude of those States indicate thatLincolnwillharetheentirevoteofNewdepend for the working out of our institutions, led oh by Sir Andrew Agnevv and Exe-and for resistance to all systems that are prac ter Hall, they were defeated, and now NEWSFROMTHENATIONALCAPITAL. lically.thoughindirectly, at variancewiththe the people can have their refreshmentscargo, and ha* made a quick run, although she of Lincoln upon the conservative voters in the will retrace their steps. It is all right that thetanicmatanycost,foritispoisoningthesprings generallyverylow,andthecompetitionimmense. Gil- nextweekprominrotobringwithitobuoytimefordele- four boms to contend with. There is nothing of own respective principles; but the people of our social existence. bert &Co., of this city, are the heaviest bidders, oad are gates, candidates, and last, though not least, report*—. general interest from Havana. Freights had de- Pennsylvania, where the several factions are onght not to countenance them in forestalling entirely responsible, which cannot bo sold of ail the bid- The handful of republicans tonrtafaing hereabouts a n clined, with comparatively few vessels in poA. doing all within their power to prevent a cor- the action of tie electors as to the particular in- The Puritans were always a persecuting sect do—. The government frequently loses large sums by highly elated at the mis—Abie discord existing la theLad.aotrciignorth*,randaheavyseafor twenty- MiddleStates,orNewYork,NewJerseyand leadersofpartiesshouldadvocateeachtheirThe Bienville, on the afternoon of the 18th inst, dial union of the entire anti-Lincoln forces.the irreiponsibility of its contractors, who fan to comply with their contracts.bosom of the unhappy democratic family, and hope to en- gineer soccesE' ally the election of a straightout woolly headed ticket in November. From present appearancesUnder the designation of Roundheads they per- (people may legitimately recommend indivi- secuted the Cavaliers in England and Scotland, L'oited State; steamer Crusader, Lieut. Comman- but Forney insists upon running a straight out duals as candidates for the Presidency; and all who would not wear their iron yoke ofIn Pennsylvania the masses are trying to unite,dant J. N. Maffit, from Key West, bound for her Douglas ticket, to pay the republicans for giv- but the electors may just as legitimatelyabout fifteen miles northeast of Havana, spoke thectuhdog ground off the east end of Cuba. •The steamship Illinois sailed from this port yes- terday for Southampton and Havre, with 171 passen- gers and $448,362 in specie. The City of Manches- ter also sailed yesterday for Liverpool, with 246 passengers and $14,661 in specie—making the total•hipmerti of specie $463,02'*.On the 6th instant the new iron paddle steamerMonster, the last of the four new iron steamers in- tended for the use of the Galway Packet Company, was successfully launched at Hull, England. The Mnnater b>next in size to the Great Eastern, is 380 feet long, forty feet wide, and thirty feet deep; ising him the Clerkship of the House of Repre- reject them and substitute better men. Ifobservances, which they borrowed from the harsh oldJewish reb'gion. which the mild founder of Christianity came to supplant byabroad charity and a universal toleration. The Puri- tans themselves were persecuted in turn whenOrleans. ranoatraaaOMSBILLED ASD MANY INJURED.then is BOprorp—t of the election of any of the demo- cratic candidates, except those who neeIve the end—ml of two or three 0! the democratic conventions, backeddividuals to represent those principles. TheBell interests, but a set of infatuated Douglas would slight their recommendation, for they their party were deprived of power on thetheir candidates, with the view to nominating 0000 bat first class men for the suffrages of the people.men, who really want Lincoln elected, are run- ning a straight Douglas ticket; but they, like Forney, axe fast sinking Into insignificance. How does the contest stand in New York ?We* here 'find the political Peter Funks throw- ing every obstacle in the way of union, so loud- ly demanded by the people. There will, how-would probably participate in the general feel- ing; but all attempts to pledge them before- hand to any candidate ought to be resisted both by tbe people and the electors.The prevailing system is to opposition to the intention of the constitution, which is therestoration of Charles IX; and were it not for their fanaticism no king or queen would have reigned in England to this day. They emigrated to Holland rather than conform to the estab- lished religion, and after eleven years they set out for this continent. The persecution they bad endured, instead of being a lesson to teachcausing tbe building on the corner o£ Lafayette aadTchoupitoulas streets to fall, bnrying forty or fifty per-sons ia the ruins. Fifteen dead bodies and severalwounded persons have thus far been extrf—ted, andan active search is being prosecuted for others. The 618 Broadway. Wo have already given the names of tne loss is estimated at $150,000, and a mostly covered by£00 horse power, aad has passenger accommoda- ever, be a union in spite of their determination supreme law of the land, and which every good them toleration and forbearance, appears toinsurance.A woO boflt square ia the Fourth district was burnedthis morning. Loss $70,000 to $80,000; mostly insured.Tne Fusion Movement im Pennsylvania. ILuJUaitEc.Sept. 22,1860.The Douglas State Executive Committee publish a card ftoting that os much has recently been published on the object of a">\?ed propositions for fusion in Pennsylvania, bo public ax . iformed that tbe question of fusion has atno time been enterteined by that committee.The Missouri Breckinridge Static Conven- tion.81. LOOTS, Sept. 21,1860. A special despatch to the Republican, from Jefferson City, says the Breckinridge State Convention has adopted he report of the Committee on Resolutions, which de-clares:—Whereas, the failure of the Charleston Convention to no- minate leaves to the people their choice of candidates and principles: therefore,Beouved, That we still adhere to the principles of constitutional government which the dejaoorotic party has always upheld, ami which, if faithfully adhered to, will perpetuate the Union and disseminate Its bless- ings equally and benedcenuy throughout tbe borders ofthe confederation.The resolutions also reaffirm the platform 'adopted byprominent candidate!, aad have since Seen no reason to alter our calculations. Some of the candidates we thou mentioned, whose chances were excellent, ban declined to run, thus atbreviatlng the list of ssptraato.Mr. Thomas W. Acton, the preset* Deputy Register, has canoed his name to be withdrawn from the field in connection with the Regioterohip, and the contest a therefore cout-ed to Messrs. Merwin K. Brewer, John Key• ser, William H. Albertoon oad David Miller. It a thought that Mr. Brewer stands the best chance, aad, in met, hte nomination a generally conceded, though ha tarea competitors will enter too Coo ventioii, each with a host of friends. For the Supervisorshlp then appears to be no candidate but William R. Stewart, whose nomination will le given by ace amotion.The Judicial Convention, for the nomination of Justice f the Supreme Court, Recorder, City Judge oad Surrogate, will most 00 Tuesday night at be same place as the County Convent.ou. Thestrongest competition app—— to be over the Record—- ship, the friends of Messrs. Jehu H, White. Charles S. Spencer, and Welcome R. Beebe urging the claims of their respective candidates very zealously. Judge Jama H. Welsh is not a candidate OAall.Benjamia W. Bonaey, the present tocumbeat will, it is thongnt, get tbe nomination tor Oaanaae Court. Isaac Peyton. £d. P. Cow les and Edgar B Van WtBKle would, it a believed, have no objection to the nomination.Mr. Alexander Brad'oru refuses the use of his same in coBnecti— with tbe office ofSurrogate. He dora not do- airo tho position, and. oa the contrary, is workug very hard tor the scminat:oo ot hte friend, iavid R. Jaquua, who *ormerly it—upi?d a very roojooolbte position u&der Mr. Surrogate Bradford. Mr. Jaqaea is comideroo. to £is~d a l-eUtr cliiitit.- of tbe nomination than eAher i€ bis competitors, A fstant District Attorney Jo- Sedg- wick anc I—sc r-ayton.Police Justice Wc&exe&bush and William Alien are the only candidates for thv City Judgeship The 10ra.tr will prababiy rece.ve tbe oomttiatuw.Via Gnngreasioi<aJ Conventions, elected In accordance with tfce Tawoiaay cMl. will a'so meet to morrow even- iag. iDsrmucb as there wire a few unavoidable errors ia our previous li*t 01 candidates, we repabhao a list of the Utmoc—Aic aapUaats t<> -ay. wita the desired con ac- tio—. oad additions, which ate *•> tothwrs:—tion for nearly 700 persons. citizen is bound to support in opposition to all It is stated that orders have been given by the to carry the State for Lincoln. The clamor ofSpanish government for the immediate construc- the conservative voters Is being telt. The let- parties, and conventions and leaders. Lincolnhave had the contrary effect Headed by Cot- ton Mather, these fanatics burned respectable men and women as witches, and they drove out the inoffensive Quakers and other sects, and they enacted "bine laws'- of the most ob- noxious aad. tyrannical character, worthy only of tbe dark ages. Many of these have become a dead letter, but enough of the leaven still re- mains to stir up the active antagonism ofeveryfriend of freedom.The liquor laws and the Sunday laws, as wellas the anti-slavery agitation and law to bringdown the white man to the level of the black,are Us legitimate offspring. The "SabbathCommittee" in this city, under its inspiration,haveissuedmostintolerant andbenighteddo-cuments, worthy of Hayti or Dahomey. Theyhave wrought on the politicians, not indeedtion of ten war steamers, destined to suppress the tdave trade and for the defence of the coast of Cuba.In New Orleans, on Friday night, the liquor store of Karstendeck & Co.. and several other similar es- tablishments, located on Tcltoupitoulas street, be- tween Lafayette and Girod streets, were destroyed by fire. During the conflagration a large quantity of liquor in the fourth story of Karatendeck's store exploded, prostrating the building at the corner ofLafayette and Tchonpltanlas streets, and burying between forty and fifty persons in the ruins. At last aceounts fifteen dead bodies and several wounded persons had been extricated. The loss by the fire is estimated at $150,000. A square in the f c u t h district, New Orleans,—as also destroyed by fire yesterday morning, involving a loss of be- tween $70,000 and $80,060.The Lnion meeting Fusion Coiumittce met again jeaferday, but found that their sub-committee had uot completed their negotiations, and adjourned until Monday at twelve o'clock, at wldch time they v til complete their labors and announce a uniun ticket The committee have, it is said, got Rich- mond in a position that will force him to yield to a fusion with all the other anti-Lincoln forces.We publish in to-daj's paper letters from our correi-pendcata at London, Paris, Dieppe and !. en in. containing the latest details of public and-octal events transpiring at these points.Tie Baron Renfrew, at Chicago, yesterday, \,^teu one of the immense grain elevators for which that cit v is famous. He subsequently, in ac- cordance with the published notice, exhibited him- .-til on the baleony of fte hotel to the assembledter which we publish elsewhere from Mr. and Douglas, and Breckinridge and the rest,a*k the people to do what they know the peo- ple have not the constitutional power to do—to elect them to the office of President—and they try to baffle the design of the framere of the constitution, und to effect by indirection what they cannot legitimately accomplish by straight forward legal means. They are attempting to nullify the constitution .by urging the people to bringundue influence to bear upontheelec- tors, to 'orce them to vote for these candidates, instead of leaving them to their own free choice. As well might the parties to a trial in court go to the friends and neighbors of the jury with a view to indace the twelve men sworn to dojustice to render a verdict in accordance with the w• Les and the interests of said parties. If the framers cf the constitution had intended that the people should elect the President directly they would have said so. Instead of that the constitution provides that the people elect electors in proportion to the representa- tion of each State in Congress (for example, thirty five in this State); and in order that no undue influence should be exercised over these men, they are not to be members of Congress, not to hold any federal office, and they are to give their votes by secret ballot, which is all a farce if they are to vote as they are openly directed beforehand by party conventions, or as they have pledged themselves to vote.When the constitution was being drawn upViele, the Breckinridge candidate for Lieute- nant Governor, shows that he is unwilling to take the responsibility of resisting the tide. Will Brady do as much? Now that the ma-%nagers of the two State Central Committees arein'the city,face to face with the committee re- presenting the masses of New York, let there be a union ticket put forth at once. Wc have had enough of the quibble about who shall constitute that ticket What is demanded is simply one electoral ticket, composed of re- spectable and reliable names, pledged to vote against Lincoln and run on the issue, opposi-tion to a sectional andjanatical President more, no less.NoCLOSE OF THE SCMMBB SEASON—THE IM <»UIXU HARVEST.—The fashionable season is now all but closed at our numerous summer resorts, and the long deserted private residences of metro- politan princes will once more echo with home- made mirth and festivity. Bridget and her friends, who have for so many months held high carnival in gilded chambers and curtained par- lors, will have to drop back into the basement kitchen and patiently wait for the coming ofto convert them to their superstitious views, butto take them up, as good party capital, to in- tbe State Coaventlon held in April, declare a steadfast de-another summer.ing rapidly deserted. There are very few arri- vals at any of their hotels now, while the rail- ways and steamboats are taxed to their utmost capacity In bringing home the returning pil-fluence the half enlightened portion of the re- ligions community, and so to win the local elections. The sacred name of religion is thus prostituted for party purposes, and many of the men who thus employ it are notorious public thieves and robbers, whose immoral and de- praved lives furnish a curious comment upon their zeal for puritanical religion. The Legisla- ture has been bought under the pressure of this fanaticism,andacts have been passed atva- riance with the fundamental laws of the land Tbe German population, whose religious ideas are totally different from those of the Puritans, have suffered most from the unconstitutionalvotion to the platfjrm adopted by the Maryland Institute Convention, and accept Breckinridge and Lane as the can- didates of the democracy of Missouri.Mr. Thurston, a delegate to C Arlcston, spoke nearly an L<ur. the most notijeable feature of his speech was the expression of his belief in Lincoln's election, and tbe advice to prepare for defeat, after which they would bepurged and ready for 0 democratic victory.ft, Locrs, Stp', 22,1860.Before the final adjournment of the Breckinridge State Convection yesterday, a reso ioawas stared, but not acted upon, requiring the elec ra to vote for any candi- date to defeat Linooha. Tbe okctoral ticket was revised, and ail tbe vacancies filled, .hen the Ctnventiw od- jcurned tine o<>.Mr* Dostglaa In Cleveland. CtavgxAND, Sept. 22. I860Mr. Douglas: spoke to day to a large'crnwd. Ths audi- eoes from the country was especially largo, and the eu thuaiesm was great Mr. Doaglaa remains here till Man day,* ad then goes to Tiffin, Ohio.Ma-rime D i o a o t e r o .Now OSLKAAM, Sept. S2, I860.The ship Mary, at this port from Ne w York, reports having seen an unknown ship ashore a> the outer oad of Florida Reef, dismasted.The bark Horace, from Matanzas, is ashore at Pass a L'Outre.The schooner Bullrush, from New York for Brazos, has put into PtBsacola, leaking.Homicide im <iutncy. Maaa.The watering places are be-American sovereigns, who had congregated in, grims. The hegira has more than passed itssarge numbers "to view his Boyai Highness. The zenith, and in another week Newport and Sara of these high and responsible officers; first,3d. Brrar4 T.Oemptoo, Bcfj-uiin Wood,Hirum Walbriil^e, Jehu C. Maine;. EobeitC. Mclatyre, Daniel fc hu-_J—. ibomoeC Bgtuti, Jam— hffglis-4th A10 RchaidBe—y, Michael roomey,Tboxas J Bair, John Griffin.Jame« L. Kerr>g*s. -'am*-s L;- arb.5tb. Edward C. McO"sell, Will^m B Vac'Ay, JchaDuSy,Dank-. J Wuuwt.i«r. Berry. Alderman Raw.", Aldermas Bsgieybtb. JoboCceLra_e.J Wuiihiop CL-a2er.IMH6U1.IsaacLawrence, Pad H. Bradttt,•lonaHs—eu, F. 1 A. Boots, O. C. tieoet7tb.PhUtpW Engi, LnjahWard,.(•mat OBoaafls, Wtiuom E Rototnaoc, James P. Dean, Freeman Campbell, Noaa Cbtlda.8th. Horace F. Clarke. John.1 Bradley,Aoaon G. Herrtcx,Fit— Batataoa, IiavidS Jackson, t.-bett B Bradford, Stppheo P Russet.. R.B C—aauv, jaraeSC WUVH. B&staB. Perkins.Inthemeantime the attractions and sensations of the metropolis are every day incrensinir, people io districts; and, lastly, by electors. Uponand the present fall and winter will doubtless bo fully as exciting as any of their predecessors. The dry is now filled with strangers, and the fall trite has made very rapid and advan- tageous strides to the benefit of the importerlull diseussion and mature consideration, the last was deemed the best, as it would secure the united action and wisdom of a selected body of distinguished citizens in the choice, and would be attended with less excitement and more deliberation than a popular election. But this is all practically reversed, and insteadGreat excitement was caused at Pittaton, P a , onFriday by the explosion of fire-damp in one of theo-ines. Six persons were in the mine at the time and consumer. The visit of the heir to theof the accident, all of whom were rescued save British throne—now so near at hand-one, named John Howard, Jr., who, it was found, will draw into our midst many thousands of deliberating and deciding according to theirThe schooner Martha, from New Orleans for PeuaacoLa. is ashore high aad dry oa Half Moon Island.Ot tb«e* «*r.didawe we can sev bat little a* to who aa—Baat these «:*( bare ttielr effort* —owned with paniol rricoe— by rec*ivi:.g potaimtloos. ft ts sold that Mr io—pton refute to rtn in fheThi'-d diatric*. BwJ. Wood M sue to receive the -omiauion of ^iocart Hall, aad may FCsVibly, by adroit ir.aao/'Miictt.t, procure the Tammany fom.Bati.rn also. Cenera' Hiram Wa'.brtdee aad JohnC "eiber appear to be bis atroogen ©pp—«**• Mr. Richard riarry. the handsome Alderman, and bis civic colleague, tbe Ua-f^B Mike Tuotnry. will be mmiaated respectivetywas suffocated. of our fellow citizens from the farthest confinesThe Police Commissioners yesterday appointed of the republic, while our Canadian neighbors on their oaths, they invariably vote for theSABBATAMAS CANT—PROFESSION AND PRAC-TICE.—There is in London a Cabmen's SundayRest Association, the object of which is to pro-cure a total cessation of labor on the part ofthat useful body of public servants on the Sab-bath. At a recent meeting of the society some terday afternoon with Francis D. Jortier, a young man in by the Mr>zart u.. t Tammany COBvillous ofthe Fourth dm-Richard Kaig a roundsman in the Tenth ward, andaccepted the resignation of James Murray, of theFirst warQ. No other business was transacted.will not fail to swell the throng by many thou- sands of tourists in their anxiety to see how New Yorkers are going to receive the Prince.man that party leaders and party conventions dictate to them beforehand. We believe there is only one Instance on record to the contrary.BOSTON, Sept $2,1860. Edward B. Pope, a farmer, of Qoiney, quarrelled yes-TtM fata* of eottoBThe aupplj of new cottons are J * so Ugttt tbatno re- Thus, while our summer resorts are being turned Now, we hold that their oath of office Isiriot Tbe merchants of t_er-:_lli Oo-gresaional distriot curious facts came out Heretofore the assump- his employ, about wages,and shot him dead. Deceased are psthii.* iuM B BrauW \ a doi*n town merebant, wrtbfaMBMBf embraced l,M0 bales.f_lar quotations ha—. yet be— «*-bUsbod. the aew into '•deserted villages," enr principal cities are stronger than any party pledge, and absolves view arnrea cie-a, and feae-uy m , „ * «j«*iitioB,«*_Officers are ia pursuit of Pope.of tbe Breckinridge v'-ig, and whether nominated or cot bv tbe otber party, bo sM, tt io said, be supported by the- bulk of tte voters in the district. In the Sevantb district tbecontest seer—tobewarmestbetweenMessre. i-BAS, Ward and tobutaou. Alderman Bradley, Dr. Brad- ford ar.1 •' 'eicrL" Herrkk are taboriag seatnusiy for the representation of tbe Fighth district. To morn** nightto the ungodly. It was only the light minded ii wanted tor export. It ranks higher than old cotton of being crowded with the wealth, beauty and them from ail such promises, and that if they and irreligious who bad hot dinners cooked, whoAflTaire inPhiladelphia. PHI_.U-F.LPHU, Sept. 22,1800.fashionwhichsorecently werethe observedof all observers in these haunts of pleasure and amuiementThe keepers of the fashionable hotels of thedifferent watering places have in many instancesderived considerable profit from the activity ofthe closing season. We published last week dent is every day becoming greater and morevarious modes were suggested as to the choiceenactments.ness, and they have been deprived of the inno- cent gratification of a glass of lager bier and a tmoke at their "gardens/', which they have anjoyed from time immemorial, without injury or molestation to other men. It remains, then, for the Germans to right themselves and lay the insolent usurpers low by united action at the ballot box, where It is always the peculiar privilege of American citizens to make a peace- ful and bloodless revolution.own judgment, as would a jury of twelve menThey have suffered in their busi-"n-fia-.—oi i.i' m i'•''cretion vested in them by the constitution, andthe obligation of their oath, they are guilty of he services of others on that day. What is the day. She will sail down the Delooa- oa Meadey onJ wiU probably seteto the claims of oil these rival candi-f erjury and traitors to the republic.dates.HZNBY Z. Tin.1 BEABY TO BBTIRB fNTO PIUTATSLIFE.Thefollowingletter from the Breckinridge candidate forThe departure from the landmarks of the constitution in the mode of electing the Presi-Pars— Abbott.'of the Pawnee, applied for o writ or auxiliary or life in the European capitate tbe habeas corpus in the Court of Nisi Prias to day, to be re-leased from ballon the criminal charge against nim, re a concluding hatch of Interesting corres- evident, and If the distance from constitutional the strangers who visit those cities make use of ship St Lawrence ia 1856 for the redo—pttoa of the ramiBe—Aio, Sept 21,1860. JOHNA. Guns, Jr , Chairman National Democratic stateCommittee.—DEAR eis—Haviag beeo nominated for tho office of Lieutenant Gov—nor by the National Democrstic Coovea-P«denoa from these localities, which showedbow the festivities of the season terminated. B ,principles continues to be increased in the ly of a manumitted slave. Abbott refused to deliver ihcinactive •Woa are now beginning towrit was rotated oa th» ground that the case will soon be tion, I now desin to say that aoy use of my same which will tend to promote a union of all opposed to a secttooalorgani/ation will afford mo 00 much gratification os an electiou to the honorable poattioa for which I hove been nominated. Very trury, yours. 4m ,der, as the pretorian guards in the decline oftried in the Quarter Sessions.The steamer Arizoaa sailed for New < irleans to day.ar who did anything else which necessitatedexperience of the London cabmen ? Before we await the arrival of Minister McLane.proceed to state it, let us show how essential anevolve; but they have nothe summer season, atsa it . , „ ^ _ . , . .be grateful for. Returning autumn and* a.r the dignity ot their office, to evince a sense of riages nee it to transact business, to goshop- Be was probably murdered. No due has yet been ob HxaAUDof tea week.tbe Roman entpiro sold the succession to thething, dislike riding in omnibuses, and when itledged that it has been very profitable comes the present electors, therefore, to obey ha London, the cab is in universal request©ntl»wbotewehav»,aBai>eopu5>much to their oaths and the constitution, to vindicate people who cannot afford to keep or hire car- port of the city. Bo hod been shot through the mouth. be a oot a candidate for Congress, as represented hi themonths, if In years psst, contained more import—t sowstoour—oairy than thxt on ts way by the Atiri. ic. city and our whole country thriving, prosperous tbeir high responsibility, to rend tbe fetters ping, or to take them to the theatre or to otherteined to the supposed assassin.A MAR- LAW CASS Dmnrr> —la tbe United State* Supreme Court, at Bartfom, before Judges Nelson oad Shipmas.oc the l$th Inst ,thecoseof Jam—B Parma lee vs. tbe Siberia of Mite —ex county woo derided, to 1854 Mr. Peroniee was proprietor of tbe MciKi&eoc» Boose, Middleiown, and after ih« Matoe tow weal lato tfl>rt, tbe S«beri6 set—<l, '-no©— beto—ios; to htm,—Joed,Untitled Documentis progressing with gigantic rapidity, and th« it deem the election of President from the dieIt would, naturally be supposed that on the Sunday tbe use of cabs would be limited, by3fBf„¥ * *GI iSBU*.*been put down by the good* sense and determi resort to the experience of London BaU-ad.1 24 %, Morris Cabal, $:?»: Long lsia&lnatica of the people, with not one-tenth the po- life to expose tire hypocrisy and humbug liticalpowerintheirhandswhichthepeopleof of these Sabbatarians. If they presented inBALTTBOKK.Sept. 22,1*90 Flour dull aad heavy: Howard street and Ohio, i i N i $5 62 Wfieat dull aad o-ehanged. ' C—c du!:: white, 66c a 70c; yellow, 67c. a 69c. Prevaions dull: meso still reigns, to the disgrace of Its' superior -en- results, we might have some patience with pork, $19 76; prime. $15. Lard, l * £ c Itwculso armthis city and State enjoy.lightenment and its common schools. It has them; but when it is notorious that theyspread from thence more or less to other States,CompoQod for sins that they're i&ctioet to, ,BydsoLisgthosetheyhaveuomindto,at onenime Bonw hope tfent a portion of the in this republic is undoubted, and any man can and here even in New York it is a stumblingNew England States, or at least that Connec- rannical interference with the consciences of Con £—rce. Whiskey dull at 24c. a tt.^cticut and Rhode Island, would throw off the constitutional it is or absurd. But as republics the people. It affects the temporal interests and their fellow men has its foundations on otherBrxrA!0,Sept 2 1 - 2 1 \ M. Flcur q?ic-t a^d nnchanged. Wheat closed dull: sates of 12,060 bosbeto red winter at $11S»;, 60,000 b-whsU No. gCnlcago opriog ot 98:. Cora quiet: nooaies thismorning: yesterday 19,000 bushels at 66c. Whisker 81 % a Canal freights steady. "Lake imports today: 4.000 bar- rels Flour, 14 000 bushels Wheat. 22,000 busliela Cora. 2,000 bushels Barley. Canal exports. Ut&Ou Wheat,12000 bushelsCora.• •••—• •••»CityPolitico.MOVETANTS OP TEDS CItV RZrCBLICAKS—THBBIItbe country, and to feast the sight and the ima- cate the population.TAMHA-W CONOBKsSlOSAL CONVENTIONS TO-MOB- BOW EVENING, ETC., ETC., ETC.Tammany Hall having opened the ball formally by nominating a foil ticket, to be subjected to the ougrog— of the electors of the county and city of Now York, thebut it Is to be hoped we shall not long lag be- aad opened ot the Navy Department, and the clerks arehind. We must get rid of the leaven of puri- engaged arranging aad classifying the—. Tire bids are other political conventions are about to follow eutt; sadDestructive Fires and Explosion in l e w their anticipatiots an likely to borealised inport, fortoulas street, between Iafayette oad Girod streets, woreburned last night. The fourth story of Earsteodeck'sstore woo heavily laden with spirits, which exploded, akierablo spirit, awf carefully can~sing the c-umsoftion has been that Sunday labor was due mainly was nineteen yes— old, oad a native of Brandon, Vt. great energy. He has sturdy rec*rved tne nomi&aiioaThe sloopofwar Pawnee hauled oat into the stream to-Lieutenant Governor has bets handed us for publico- cabman to. In London and Paris but few of suiting from holding money oottejted on board the nag tico :— *sameratiohereafter,thetimecannotbofaroff theomnibuses. Cabhiretosolowthattimeisgained and money economized by their employ- money until bo bad r—nmnnicated with the owners, andwhen the Presidency will bo told' by bands of__^J__ ___*^ »* *itb blank dismay at the cutthroats and sansculotte* to the highest bid- ment But to metropolitan residents the cab toMnow charged with misappropriating the 'money. Theequally indispensable. Ladies, as a generalreason to complain of8««raUy acknow- basest aad most sanguinary wretches. It be- rains, as it usually does five days out of seven Robert Crawford, a Scotchman, carpet manufacturer,was found dead tost night ia a lonely spot ia the upperHyVRY E VTH_KP. Go—kk, of the Sixth ward, reqaeete— to slam that..__EAVAxxAa, 8ept. a , ISMnificant hi nuntbe— the totter may really be. Too ronab-licans ore therefore marshalling their force* with 00n-On Monoay evening the Republican County Convention will meet at the rooms of the Central Committee, No. steady, with sates of 700 a SOU hhde. Ott.e wai arm evict aces of wealth and affluence are every- 'ation ot rowdies and shoulder-hitters, and grogThe base boll match between the Excelsior Cmb ofBrooklyn, and the Excelsior Club of this city, came oilthisafternoon,aadresultedinthevtotervofth«»fu—1—. atS2.6C0.Mi.Po/m*te«suedto*-»u-rift*_i»•;*•'&**sad11010:.FreightscUiaedwithmoreft—i?~,aad wheretobeseen.Whilefromotherlandswe have hith<«-tn _ .1. ..*•,ar»uaj?*»rs.rho Oka/>l._,ti%»«f-II.V.I «-- • www.fultonhistory.com.*rf*I>*. AnH tr*/l*iv .i.itnif huflr VMana-usMi »B_ •P*. and trota adroit party Fulton New YorkThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street13-069 