 . ' :inee. If it had not been for this class of men, thepopular preference for Mr. Seward as a candidatewould have been yielded, certainly with regret, to Douglas and seventeen to Bell. Penn-an irrepressible-gleefulness that no eu-cum-howevcr gravely considered by his associates,SIwith richly embroidered trousers of silk. The gar- A. In extraordinary cases we would give ten grain*, Theprincipal «-mbassjidor, in speaking of his"sword, ; •I eountry. <k <1'party shall declare for or against Congressional in-hitherto looked with suspicion upon the practice oftained conooroing the Japanese medical system.With4ladies,and.11verysmaDnumberofforeiguministers, advantagestothecauseofsciencefromaninterchange composed tiie attendance. Toward 12 o'clock, the of pathological knowledge, and that any attentionscompany was' separated in the center of the'rojm, that might be deemed agreeable and useful would'bo a wide space being opened from the main door on one gla< 3y bcetowtd upon the doctors by their brethren|inside, to the curtained window opposite. This opening Washington. This was translated by Mr. Portnjuin was flanked in double rows by tho army officers in and the interpreter Tataiesi Tokujsuro; and simflarfullest uniform, with Gen. Scott at their head, and the compliments were offered by the Japanese. Dr.navy officers, also fully dressed, led by CJommo<ore Holston then began a scries of inquiries, which | a d Shubrick. By the time this arrangement was com- been >o prepared an to test in the strongest mfthner|juepleted, the sound of the approaching nraaic was heard amount of knowledge possessed by the foreigners, |iidwithout, and'upon the instant all formality forsook the to gain clear evidence as to their methods in the art ofw——— —•—• in-",' * ••• ^J-isat^Bc6» • USJfi *•*.10^ SEWABB^S DEFEAT, .of Ttm K. Y. TTHXUMJ.WASBlHCrTON, Mny 20, I860.prudentor-fostidiouB.;Mr..^wardhas^©quired g>eat- strength* amonga-powerfu* and influential elass by his uniform liberal voting upon all money questions. And thir is a aource of influence of a commanding character at all ^ntical conventions,issaysVnojV:Jeff.5®JT$ Hunter,Toombs mpany say r y e s n The subject is set for p at Baltimore^ on the 18th of June, and ib j decided"one .way or the other. It does not. Jf" compromised Besides, neither party de- will tolerate, compromise. They want the n settled. The letter of the geiitle'men re- ;o explicitly states,. that the election of antattlie coming canvass is-a matter of no^ once in" comparison with the settlement of nt in issue. They say iu substance that they efeat if it be necessary for the establishment true faith. On the other hand, Douglas do- in his speech, that if the doctrine of the gen- who are,thus determined and earnest in pro- Ifg the new gospel of Congressional interven- behalf of Slavery, y&to be incorporated into moeratio creed, "then indeed has the "irre- [leeonflict" come in sober earnest, and mere anger a •" national" party in the country;«andicces the Democratic party must. thuseasytoseethatthefirstbusinessonn the assembling of the Baltimore Convention, ) there is no doubt, the seceders will all fie at ening, will be the discussion of the platform party on this point of intervention arid uon- sntion by Congress with Slavery in the Tcrri-' And in this discussion the scenes of Charlcs- [11be ree'naeted. One side or the other will triuT§)h, but, as' at Charleston, the defeated party, will )j >t yield. If the South be beaten, we lave aireJ yjjj eeen what it will do in what it did do ateveryside. TheTreasuryDepartmentreekedvrith--^naturaltruthsthanuponsupposedsupernaturaldevica* theJapanese,whomIhavenotbeforeseensodemoa-»-Z, Immunity, mostly feminine, and very demomtra .ive tt has been believed that-'the physician's functions 11 stratire, the committee then retm^d, exprca«ing vm<m% in the way of haridketojhicffl. The iron fences Sur- those islands were iu a; great'measure regulated by th J themselves the great satisfaction their visit had giv«a v%ad displayer i^edinjg*, the t wry] he had esramined tfcji $rvr|ng evider-lumdleid them }#prWnted tK;"»eri allbrn ji^ed musket "Colt revolverjj"C* «4on hnt r> ' w en?' 'jexhib'ijj'. »quiredl the Ji 'tfce marim of"With consij tfcen wrought •wbich|pot*<'>'f•<aaSharp'sUi • C ymtno&om»croti«i>i'/ed fl ,aifiined it, arv ' tlie "inVentii'jnacehip cxce/B .'tl:at hewonlfJ'•'•jfdfty pronosi •answert-d tl..-K.; n<>tfeolzpuchjw Comniande, vi «it we\JfaT•eiiect OfW ^th»yverypi~tw:is fixed ft pl<*««l to le: coildbe obu-leeTedwitht 3 :' r w :ich wa« p I*- during thi-f i •Jaxui was h.jr 'Ccmniander 1acme consult*1!* , -OOil, •prinHpj.]:iy pr xiyce, ric«. jl:-cent bTthe re pi pe: eoia that • <riwhich hid na:« govenii e*> imate can-oc'r corr»*nc; w s u l d re<p.'.i •at out £o0 s-Tliei'D^jo O<opor In.--q:'iiI * ],"1m m y o f j t h e m< if the programs Jforraerlr. cahdi more lately i#r fee followed by S<«retary oi rt;il on of Texaji ane, theJHqri •JrlileeT^yhjrio.r.|Oj'-'New-!*jV.|i-i i&;nator yliign tf,o nuuicri>i| Sepbena oi•vi ill be pre.-iurive timej ;h m until'al| h$ aaticlfW'.riJige"1^^!tcrtaintoe«j!• pitjcure adn|i*{ •T . ... ;.. .1. n iug ua in .nut tim hi votinJ i j^)6e "bvijng j ..o efeters"' initIK 10th of jnriejnlion patronage tor*'who hive' the name of V-While Ji >tibn Wa^ in »in to witn*- K ' -gjected'witiitaken hiaiiefi e' t(' the del«-^l!.tr„ who ha«j . i led»tiired to mt -Clje ofier l>ev r DClil«f'decoraithrough the n 5s»cription: bv *.'at irTie excitements of the week over the Presiden- while itm flonrce of unquestionablewetness, uv tial nomination have been very great at the Capital. a popular canvass. It has beeu fofc therefore,The members of Congress generally, thongh feeling thalvin the approaching election,.the Republicans,.TlfE EMBASSADORS At A BALL.Last evening, at a ball given by the Secretary of| an interest in the result never surpassed on any for-mer occasion, have mostly remained at their post ofduty, carefully attaining from active participa-tion in the doings of the Convention. Almost uni- ministration have put into their hands. It versally, the great concern and thought has been' top, regardless of the chances of spiking themselves, been done to the intelligence, and mental progress ofwhich fceemed immiuent^rhe impossibility of gaw Ing this sagacious nation, ft seems to have been scttledjj State, the.Japancseembassadors appeared unofficially r admission added to the curiosity of the multitude, that, in their practice, these physicians of Japan prp- for the first time, in public. Tho interest..'felt in XkH which reached its last extremity as the proccBiiion cced upOn the same theories as those which form the occasion wae so great that, of the numerous gue«t4 in- moved meafHirediy through the large gates, and pat sod foundations of our own medical science; and th/it vited, hardly a single one failed to be present Tho-i before the White House steps. • although much restricted in development, their system saloons of Gen, Cass were fully crowded at (jnitc an-Within the President's house, a large assemblage is by no means contemptible, even when fully com- early hour, five or six hundred persons assembling be-'was also felt that Republican success, with a for 8ucces8t This desire has overtopped every prospect, or at least the fear, of a continu-other, and quite overshadowed all personal consid- ance of a similar stylo of administration, would bo erations. While Mr. Seward's ability and services too dearly purchased. The future, and its malignhad long been gathered. The;east''room was abun-pared with that of distinguished practitioners. T, ]:• fore 0 o'clock. The embassadors did not kave Wil-kave been cheerfully recognized, there was a pre- r*a ili»g sentiment, almost universal among the niem- ieraof both Houses, that it would be impossible to elect him. This conviction, reluctantly reached afleT long consideration, was most conscientiously entertained, and. greatly deepened the .feel- ing and anxiety' with which the doings ofthe Convention' were watched. Mr. Sew- ard was known to be strong, not -only by virtnc of his position as a leading expounder of tho •principles of the Republican organization, but also AS the representative of powerful material inter- ests centering in New-York, and as the focus of extensively ramified political combinations. "His own ardent desires, and confident expectations, which all weie sorry to see thwarted, formed an- other extraneous source of strength that it was.THE NATIONALS GOING FOR LINCOLN. sympathizing friends.- Altog jther, I wmay say, the Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.dantly filled by 11J' o'clock, about which time Mv. Upon the meeting of these gentlemen, afterjineBuchanan, who had hitherto been present, retired for introductions by Mr. Portman, Dr. Evans said that! hesuch slight preparation as was deemed rerpiisite for the was pleased to express the gratification felt by the meeting.. Officers of the Army and Navy, and m am- medical piofcfsidn that this new tie had been fonfedlard's Ooteluniil 10. On reaching Gen. Cass's residence they'were conducted by Capt. Dupont and other getw tlcmen, who accompanied them through the variola, rooms of reception; and finally seated at a point moefc convenient for approach by thoee who were to be pr*. • scutedtothem.Theirneighborhoodwasatoncehv»3; yaded by numberlesH candidates for mtrodactkwi^ mottly ladies, all of whem were received with the grace aud elegance of manner inseparable from the -, Japanese. The party visiting the Secretary of State* was cemposed of three Princes, aod. the fivo ofiSeertt ne;xt in ranlf, and the two interpreters. Por nearly an hour then; ten gentlemen sustained unflinchingly tho , unaverted ga'zc of as many scores of people an could draw near to tbem. Their self-possession then, a« it' always is, was marvelous. The haightiest stare, with' intensest eye-glass concentration, could neither'niQvo then? to embarragementnor rouse them to th.0least de*• Cantglanceinreturn.Directlyperjonalremarks,aol always uttered, I am afraid, in the best toate, andieltwould"have,great weight in a Convention <#grew almost to clamor, and was but partially allayed bytheappearanceofthePresident, who,followed by the members of the Cabinet, came in at 12 o'clockcases the latter sought <xmsultatibn with his associates sometimes unworthy the fair lips whence they pro. ceeded, were listened to by those who [lerfectly nnder*beforeresponding. | stoodtbemwithno sign of discomposure,exceptpe> Q. What constitutes a doctor in Japan, and wbaJ is haps a. slight compref-sion of the mouth, showing thafct. butassurelyalmostwithoutastruggle. Notthat ; Caesar-was loved less, but Rome more.sylvania, New-Jersey, and Connecticut, arecan<|irshadow. As.themorningadvanced,however,hundred years, and added that the swords of many of The secondary officers and interpreters were more sim- agreed with them, and that in excessive doses, such as his friends in Japan were known to have lieeu made atThe objections to Mr. Seward as a candidate (Ispeak of Washington) were twofold. In the first elty in polities than for ite practicability. . In thoalliance. The scheme is more noticeable as a nov- place, there was that leading objection, familiar first place, the Democrats must be brought to be-Tho Embassadors and some of their highest officers are to dine with' the President next Friday. They of plant produceiAvorm-seed I Can we see it? '.'• I j yesterday sent their formal acceptance of his invita-Ilieve that they have no chance whatever, and that tho most they can do in the contest is to contribute position on the Slavery question, and, whether t to throwing the election into the House, which thisOfficl i hurrying in and out, transmitted orders, andsupei tended their execution. The arrangements dress-ee,.shaped like hollow boxes, and set upon thetion. It was a document of gigantic dimensions, in* . 9 clo>sed in an envelope about a foot in length and corre-to all the country, ihat he held the most advancedSlavery journals, had charged him with being thogreat Offender against the peace and harmony ofthe country, the most radical and dangerous of allI do not understand that the Democrats are as yet a party to the scheme, nor do I know what ground there is for the confident claim that the alliance will be acceded to on their part. The despe-of enThewed by twenty thousand attendants. But it was ii: cresting to Americana- from its novelty. After t h e p | cc force and tho military band_ came a body of marhj, | marching in an open square, in the center of whicj was an officer of the first Embassador, carrying aloft I; 6 standard*of his.Prince—an emblem not unlike manyl.'rf the Masonic order—elevated upon a beauti- fully<|rvedstaff,heavilyadornedwithpreciousmetals, and in;Ljld with mother-of-pearl. The prince of Booj- Benfo'jl|wed,in a carriage occupied;onlybyhimselfi>m of the bell-wires especially interested them. KGUNKERY FOR T"E JAPANKSK.The inter-view latt Friday evening between the Ja- reducing limbs of stiffened dead bodies to pliuney] stiU panese and American physicians, was only the thut ofmen; and in this way had filled the public mind, rate condition caused by the Chicago nominations on and especially the commercial and conserva- the one hand, and a hopeless and divided state on tive circles, with all manner .of unfounded the oth«*r, may have prepared the. once proud De-mocracy for an alliance, and a shift which would suspicions and prejudices in regard to him. These be as devoid of principle as it would be unprece-imed? ' :A. It is.Q. How is it used ?• A. We rub and chafe the limbs with it.a series of practical discussions, to which the visitors have been, or nre to be, invited. Tho second took place on Saturday afternoon, when Commander Dahl- gven of the Washington 2s*avy-Yard exhibited to the- principal Embassadors a number of the most finely- - wrought American firearms, giving, also, explaaH— . tions of their mechanism, and illustrations of tho man-- nor in which they are used. Commauder Dahlgrea was introducedbyLieut.Porter,astheofficerhaving*were things which all the world knew and recog- nized, and had their weight even in the most re- mote rural districts.Buttherewasanother classof objections, that •weighed even more heavily among those more fa- miliar with public affairs, which are not. widely known, and which have never been publicly com- mentedon,fromprudentialconsiderations. These4>J>je<rf5on8 refer to Mr. Seward's principles and practices in regard to the public administration of affairs. H e is a New-Yorker, and belongs to the New-York school. If he does not by natural iastinct, he does by position and association. Ho is a believer in the adage, that it is money makes the mare go. At least, he acts on the belief, and always has done so since he has been in Congress. There have been many complaints of Mr. Seward for hi* uniform votes for lavish expenditure, gen-and particular, but aerex any for being toodented in the politics of the country.TITK COMING BALTIMORE CONVENTION.Conen-pcndnxicfi of The N. Y. Tribune.WASHINGTON, May 18, 186p.Everything indicates a fresh quarrel at Balti-more on the reassembling there of the representa-tives of the old Democ atic organization. ThesamethingthattookplaceatCharlestoniatotakeplace at Baltimore in an aggravated form. ThelatespeechofMr. Douglas,whichistheablest oflince of Satsuma, on his annual visit to Yeddo,7-BOnje more cheerfully. little " Tommy," who hiahis opinion upon every subject that comes up, and pro-trudes them with earnestness, led me aside to a w r-nerj with an expression upon his good-natured counte-nancethatbespokeanimportantrevelation.•"I sawthe President," he said, in very moderate manner; means.] , . " ) : . : • charge of the Otdnance Department at the Navy-with Mr. Seward for their candidate, would lose an immense advantage which the venality and extravagance and corruptions of this Ad-results, were deeply apprehended by those- who feltprofoundlytheabsoluteandinexorableneces- sity of inaugurating a Republican Administration which should be not only pure but unsuspected at this already-signalized era of political prodigality and corruption. The opposition to Mr. Seward's nomination has thus, to a very'considerable ex- tent, been in the interest of purity andViutegrity ofbers of CongreKS, together with a great number ofwith the Empire of Japan; that he hoped for mn»?aladministration, as well as to secure an immediatetriumph. Not that anybody would pretend thatMr. Seward was in the remotest degree to besupposed a man of venal or corrupt instincts orpurposes, but only that his circumstances would Slav States as a unit to meet- in Convention by behismaster.Suchisacandidstatementoffact, the elveswithsuchaidastheymaybeabletowhicirit is but just should now be made. J< S.P. .obta from the .other States, in the event of ama- jorit; of the body refusing, to agree. to intervention doc pea. On the other hand, if the Convention shal iiuveobtainednewlight-duringthorecess, and a m ority conclude to swallow tins last and most obn ious of the prescriptions of the slaveholders,the atmosphere, leaped upon the few available cluirsy of the colloquy which emmed. The questions w*reandthereinsecurelyperched,flutteredunquietfans,and mostlyaskedbyDr.Holston',andmostlyanswered!by made many jocose and loud remarks. Tke cdnfuiion Measaki, the;chief Japanese physician, though in s<Jmppointed, fewer still are disposed to deny that sun nder the Free States to the Republicans with-terest and the most painful anxiety. !Not a breath that" could have been placed in the field. con rned.of intelligence, real or fabricated, but was scanned But they who are particularly struck "all itatever is done at Baltimore, therefore, we with keen eye, and subjected to searching analysis, in a heap," are the self-styled Nationals, who ma} airly conclude will enure to the. benefit of the with a view as well to discover what war, as what all along have been •counting with a cer-i' Ret blicans; and may do so in the most striking would be. And at last, when the time came, and tainty on the nomination of Mr. Seward, and and conclusive manner...- If the remains of theit was announced that a telegraph had been re- the consequent free run. of the conservative fever Dei jcratic organization take to running two tick-and assurance of respect to no nation npon the earth; one of the great hospitals for the poor sick, which ire creased. There were present the members of the and which never, in its entire history, had thus been sustained.well by the Government, and there is givin .Cabinet, the Vice-President and Speaker Pennington*which they hoped by constant chafing to produce on ets every, State, as now appears most likely, .theceived, saying Mr. Lincoln had been nominated by tho body politic. Indeed, Mr. Seward's nomination R q blicans seem sure to -win. an easy victory in the advanced, again, and again bowed, and finally, ap-surging waves of muslin, n;lk, and those other kin-among the States, as. well as New-York, the ej^:itement of last evening was renewed. Throughcounted on likely to be carried by auoh an! j doors were seen the men of. principal rank, 1in brilliant garments, and yielding their ret nndrfjl jed heads to. tlieNjjarber's attentive treatment.ply attired. All had, by means of some artificial co I- trivance, an unusual expanse of shoulder, which gave them an air of rotundity they do not at ordinary tim ;s possess. Tne highest, dignitaries had peculiar heai-he had spoken of, he had no faith, though they we|e sometimes applied.]J . . - '''[*fleast twice as long.wcre|||u-ried on with much regularity of system, and justly or unjustly is no matter, i» associated in scheme carried out might do. The Nationals con- witnjf t confusion. From 10 o'clock until III,, thetop of the head, whore they were confined by longcorde reaching down the sides of the face, and passing! Q. [By Dr. Holston]. Are the Japanese doctors fa- spondingly broad., The contents, on unfolding, ex-the public mind with the idea of extreme radical- tend that in th^ House Bell would prove the better man. W h a t would the Democrats gain by this 7ism on that subject. Then it was koown that he They would have succeeded in defeating the Repub- held a more clearly defined position of antagonism licans, it is true; but would that single idea prove to ibe various elements of which the Opposition is enough to rally all the votes of the party, nothingcomposed, outside of Republicanism pure and sim- short of which will give success to the'alliance ?gentlemen performed incesssant little tasks briskness that never tired, and a promptness owed better official training, thaii is commonlyunder the ehin. Theee headdresses were black, abo it five inches high and six long. They were, not cubical 1, but were broad at the front, tapering to a point bs- hind. They appeared to exactly cover the spot leftmiliar with quicksilver IA. W e are.panded to even ampler proportions. A huge paper was thickly covered with the curious configurations ', of the"Jsie," or highest order of Japanese writing.'t<> manhood. &uue vigor wli—Some of' t gj«aMng supo\ aiid complexio: the campaiu-., need a goed n and grv>wiifi-' place tot tok'1 L pe—would! 'A!the voioee pi «»deration o igl such a hottHj. ,—A correp>;n: sav thai *'ii;€ jBatisfaetionjau 4imany Dcntoi <hangc tbc j jiouiinatjor.} *a *ould have bei;—One bund Yi, on tire!•"* . Men's Rep ihl;l|Jncoln\jai-i I ' natiot:» were.'t 'euthu*ia.-mpr*! —^The folio few days ...t't .tserve to;»howthe ^live<MTOromhient N3 . metoneo.ii-aCe/ttTtntici - iiatc?" " VV, i$Ap <!hoiU<sl I know it; bi' ^ - > l r . J. M whether ..l.«.. c •under the toll. years! in tS'h nis fiithex b.•»• . answer tha.:ple, than almost any other man in the party. He In support of this scheme, it is argued that inXothing element with great explicitcess. That clear majority; that in Pennsylvania, they have at- rese : d for the Japanese. Crowds hereupon l>eganrank wore similar, though smaller marks of rank. • Upon leaving the President's House, the suborc i- na'tes all knelt in lines, allowing their superiors to wa.k between them to the carriages. As each Prince passe3, his special attendants would rise and follow him, aiid then assume their places beside and in front of bis •chicle. The procession returned to Willard's Hotelin the (-ame manner in which it came, 'with the same display of Japanese custom, and everywhere regarded with the sum* interest.In the afternoon, the1 unofficial dresses having been resumed, brief calls were mado upon members of t ie Cabinet. Nothing further was done to-day except to consider privately tho proceedings of the morning. Many of the Japanese were, indeed, unequal to talking upon any other subject. Some viewed it very grave-inarched into Fourteenth street, and stationed had, for example, fought the American or Know- New-York the Republicans have never shown a thcujB Ives in front of the private ontranco which isTo-day. the Japanese officers . have been guided through all parts of the hotel by Mr. Willard, They ' professed great satisfaction with all the details of man*-,.portion of the Opposition in such States as Penn- no time approached even so near to a majority as in New-York; and further, that the, late elections insylvania, New-Jersey, and New-York, was be- Connecticut and Rhode Island demonstrate that the lieved to be irrevocably opposed to him. In addi- field might be contested with a prospect of success tion to this, the South, and the Northern Pro- on such a plan.tog: I»cr, and before many minutes the neighborhood waB jlpscly filled with expectant lookers-on, to whose eyes, owever, no satisfying prospect was disclosedwas not, according to ours.]Q. Did, this disease originate in Japan, or was jithis life, and the letter of Toombs, Jeff. Davis, and C i >t. Dupont. Upon each side wjalked an attend-Hunter, and other leading »Southern men, pub-lished yesterday in TJtc Constitution, settles theriage,!< scorted in the same manner, followed; and so one of tho Japanese apartments, betweon a eommittlce on though the list of tho six or- seven cliief officers.. of American medical gentlemen—W. Evans, M. I>.,the Secretary of State the propriety and importance of procuring for thorn se<s of the best instruments that are to bo obtained here. This last ofter greatly de- lighted the doctors. •'^m^mm^^m^mMBmM ms&M&m~~~~— ;.—irr —s ion 'in behalf of Slavery in the Territories, Embassy, Windows were filled and roofa covered on medicine in Japan, considering it as less based upon further compliments, especially hearty on the part d *sa&faction that seemed to be unanimous. But a cocked hat" at least one part of their programme. sue ss, growing out of. the action'at Baltimore, were followed by tb£ fifth iu r«mk"of the Commission ing notes the while.] •'' / "'. .', ' • in no quarter was it mingled with one particle of With Mr. Seward as the Republican nominee, they are nimating in the extreme. J. S. P. ere, Naroiisa Gensifo, who bore in his amis a box con- Q. Is dissection understood and practiced in Japa a?exultation, but everywhere' with a sentiment of counted on doing great things with Bell and Ever-ett in Pennsylvania, New-Jersey, aiid the other " pivotal States." But the nomination of.Lincoln,cduntless natclfiteH, seeking from them reflections ofrrgret. a t tho necessity which impelled tho result.• For it was known how deeply the heart of Mr. an old Whig of the Henry Clay school, has complete- F^OBH Our Own Reporter.of Commodore Tatnall, who brought them in the Pow» Q. Do the doctors in Japan understand the circula- hatan from Japan to Panama, and whom they instant-fceward was set upon the nomination, and how ly taken the wind out of that' sail, and in every as- utterly confident he was of receiving it. He had pect of the case greatly reduced the chances of the left the city but a few days before, announcing to combined anti-Republican forces, acting together;.his friends that his Senatorial duties were ended, separately, or in any manner they can fix it, of pre-ly surrounded with every grateful expression of wel- come. For the few minutes thar> Commodore Tatnall wa« near, all objects beyond testifying their recogni- tion of him were abandoned. A little later, the Em- bassadors stepped into the dancing-room, where they gravely inspected the agile gyrations of fair women and brave men with an air of curious interest aud ooad -first -officially learned the time designated i\>v any hours were occupied in the selection and ar- dent of clothing, discussions as to the particularing their faces turned toward the President, and in- Q. In cases of difficulty, what is the treatment ies and speculations concerning the accustomed clining their bodies at intervals; but soon after re- adopted ?and that he left the .Senate in his capacity of Senatorventing, a clean majority of the Electoral vote being—their presentation .to the President of tho Kd States—took*, place to-day. -with much ony and with many forms as interesting as were unprecedented. The preparations, for thisHis words having been translated to "SJr. Portman by Nomoura, and repeated to Mr. Buchanan- with other manifestations of respect by the Japanese, the' for the last time. Such, too, had been his bearing cast for the Chicago nominees. It is not wonder- ful, therefore, that these National people should bethroughout the session. , He had a thousand times the chief mourners on the occasion.A. Formerly we only used leeches for this purp>box containing the letter before mentioned'was taken but recently this has been changed, and bleeding« casional deep concern, as if anxious as to the results ofdeclared his aims and expectations of being theby the interpreter, Namonra, and held before the t rst now a part of our regular system. a saltatory process so much at variance with their own rrday afternoon, immediately after •the return of Embassador, who diew from it the document, written Q. Do the doctorsin Japan take charge of cases of theories on the name subject. After a few more intro-Republican candidate, and had settled into the and Everett, if they continue in the field, will befixed habit of regarding, his nomination as an ab- confine I almost wholly to the South, where, throughsolute certainty. He had entertained largely, and Democratic -divisions only, can the 'ticket, at thethe very best, be said to have the slightest .prospect everybody had partaken pleasantlyat his hospitable in a single State. In the event of the Democracyreceptions. Kindly and genial, with ho more being divided on two candidates, it must be con- than a natural assumption consequent upon his fessed, that a third ticket, embracing, in its supportconfidently anticipated honors, Mr. Seward had the larger share of the old Whigs in the South,certainly no personal enemies among the Republi- would have some chance of a plurality in Ten- nessee, Maryland, and, perhaps, one or two more ofcans of Congress. It may be easily, conceived, the Southern States. It is pretended that Virginia, therefore, with what personal regrets the political North Carolina, and Kentucky, would be added to ' satisfactions of Mr. Lincoln's nomination were the list. It was only with reference to the poss.bleon parchment and-enveloped iu a silken covering, and midwifery ?received. It could not in the nature of things bedivisions among Democrats in the South, that theycases. The child never dies. [The doctor, Measaki, th|n said that their great care in using these instrume was to avoid injuring the bone; and that if Amori instruments used for this purpose were superior to Japanese, as he had' no doubt they were, he wofeel obliged if be could be provided with some.]Q. Are secret diseases of women treated by malefemale doctors 1 A: By females.bled to share the enjoymente of so brilliant an evening, - / . W ASHINGTON, May 20,1860.IAPAKESE KTIQUETTE.The Embassadors hold firmly to their principles of"etiquette. While recognizing the custom which re- quiied them to first call.upon the Ministers of foreign, Governments, &ey took care to visit only those repre- senting countries with which Japan has opened com- munications—Holland, Great Britain, France, andwho saw an inch before their noses at the late Bal- otherwise; for no man desired, per se, that Mr. timore Convention, recognized the least conse- Seward should be disappointed. quence in their proceedings. It is on the unity ordivision of the Democrats that the slightest import-ance can be attached, to the running of Bell and •Notwithstanding the result, Mr. Seward was at Everett. Even with the Democrats divided, theooce the choice of the politicians and the people. chance, which some of the wise ones among theThe great body of ardent Republicans, all over the country, desired to elevate to the Presideney the man who had begun so early and had labored so Jong in behalf of their cardinal doctrines. Thiswas unquestionably their earnest wish. But along with this feeling there was another quite as stroug among them. This was to win the Presidential battle. They thought much of Mr. Seward, but they thought mdre of the cause of which he had been so largely a spokesman. They were, for the most part, ready and willing, and even desirous, to go for the man for President who was most likely to succeed, whoever it might be. It was otherwise with the politicians who had attached themselves to Mr. Seward's fortunes. They had their own personal ends to serve, "and they pre- ferred a poor chance witli_Jmn to a good one with another candidate with whom yiey hud no politico- personal affiliations. It wa3\thi3 class of men•who, to a very great extent, ihsi<sted at Chicago upon Mr. Seward's nomination, against the wise and unselfish convictions of a decided majority of the body, that be would not be the strongest nom-Nationals seem to regard as a certainty, of carry-It is now quite probable thut the support of Belliew commenced, on the part of the Japanese, •fmbassadors from the State Department, wheremote; for, after all, the contest is, and muit be,, in the North between the Republicans and Democrats. It is clear that though Bell and Everett, through Democratic divisions, or any other fortuitous cir- cumstance, succeed' in carrying even a half-dozen Southern States, they would avail them nothing, should Lincoln carry Pennsylvania; New-Jersey, and Indiana—the hitherto debatable States—which, added to those he, is certain to carry, would give him a clear majority of the Electoral College. The question, therefore,isnotwhetherBell andEver- ett will carry some few Southern States, but whether, Lincoln will not secure his election by making a clean sweep^pf the whole North? The question of how the "pivotal States" will go, was more than half settled the instant the nomination was made. Those States secure, the game is up; as all who can see at all have already discovered. .Right here, let me teli you of a plan which the Nationals have lately been canvassing among them- selves—something somewhat after the " balance-of- power" scheme-in your State lust Fall, which, it teems, some inventive brain among them, has been devising. It is this: in New-York, and in the other States where the Republicans have not an undis- puted majority, a union of the Democratic and National vote on a single electoral ticket, dividedequally, as may be, between the two. The success of such a scheme would be to take from Lincoln the thirty-five votes of New-York, give eighteencontinually borne by the principal aids to possession. The members of the Cabinet were n jxt (mention, NamouraCrohajsiround Mr. Portman. presented, and subsequently General Scott and the her officers drew from the most kacred recesses Speaker of the House of Representatives., The Vice-well supplied chests, richest robes and most President was called for, but; was not present.dazzlii 'g decorations, wherewith to deck their Superiors and tli emselves upon the coming d;,iy. The under o2icer| brought forth to view standards and insignia of prifl jely rank, carefully setting them in order ..for their | :st requisition iu this country. And the ser- vants!whoweretotakenodirectpartinthe-impend- ing m« vements roamed restlessly about, hi such places as the] • were privileged to enter, smoking and smiling|anccs suited to so exalted an occasion, curiousTheir participation in this event was, in one sense, a remarkable concession, for custom in Japan forbidsrounding the President's grounds were scarcely visible, superstitious fallacies ef the people; but the results|cf them.' spectators having fastened themselves upon every part, this evening's investigations prove beyond question»onic chnging to the iron rods, some poised upon the that in this, as in many other respects, injustice has- SAToanAT, May 19,1860, 'Cha ston. It is fortified in that action by the let-tcr erred to, which advises the secession of the. scene. Ladies Unshed with excitement more than by healing. In view of its importance, I give the whjelethrough the center doors,- and took his station at the the,course of preparation 'necessary to the practice of insenribility was no cause o?.their immovable cahu- '.extremity of the open space, where Miss Lane,.will a medicine? , few other ladies, already had places. A few minuteslater the'doors were again opened—this time fur the Ai The training begins at a very early age. Theentrance of the representatives of that Empire, which, science Is studied in hooks at school, and when the «tu before a refection table, the details of which\ • . ' " i l l " no interpreter was needed to explain to thenu nation approached was listened to with eager in* Mr. Lincoln will prove the strongest candidate out struggle, so far as the Presidential election is. up to the present occasion, had yielded full recognition dent reaches sufficient advancement, he takes a placd Jin The number of guests had now greatly 'iuv'feeling among the Republicans of Congress, withfew exceptions, was rather that of apprehension ofW A S H I N G T O N , May 20, 1860.The Chicago nominations are the political event and ote intervention by Congress in behalf oi Slav*of the day here, as they must be considered every- ery o be sound Democratic doctrine, then the Dotfl las men will either bolt outright and run anew. Toward 11 o'clock, the embassador^ roue, and A\ere again led through the apartments, pausing,ma nomination than any other. The least whisperof the proceeding* at Chicago as the time of nomi- where. While few confess themselves not disap- can date on the Popular Sovereignty platform, or[The course of English instruction in the science ioftwo majority over Mr. Seward, there was a feeling was the one thing necessary to the success of their con ig campaign. In every aspect of the ease that proached near to where the President stood, and ttere medicine was then briefly explained to the Japanese, Douglas, Miss Lane, Mrs. Gwin, and Mrs. SlideE of relief experienced, and an expression of general J plans, and failure in this respect has "knocked into can ow be seen here, the, prospects of Republican remained in an attitude of profound respect. T.iey who listened with extreme attention, one of them tak- were the various central orbs, alluring to themselvesbrought into friendly contact with any Government.opportunities for practice and observation. The super- a few members of Congress, many officers of the army intendent of this institution is instructed, to give l<5ft/n and navy, and a very full representation of ft>reiga his care and tuition, and finally, if'his course is 'taell legations." The number of ladies seemed greater than•After a momentary delay, the three Etnbassud irs,walking side by side, entered the .room, rapidly ad- fulfilled, to give him a diploma, whereupon he becomojia of gentlemen. The least unwary step engulfed ono iavanced a few steps, paused and bent their heads, then doctor in fact, and may pursue the profession.fashionable warmth and sotial light. , On their way taining the letter accrediting 'the Embassy to the A. Formerly! it was not; but now, under a systfpi along the drawing-rcms, the Japanese caught sightE JAPANESE EMBASSY. -United States* Government,-and were accompanied by recently inaugurated, it is employed and studied.:• . — i .ijVASHiNOTON, Thursday Evening>May 17, ISGO.»Captain Dupont, Captain Lee and Lieut. Porter, 'foranother moment there was complete silence. Tien tion of the blood and the action of the heart ?the first. Embassador, lifting his head, read in a clear e event to which the Japanese Embassadors had and distinct voice, in his own tongue, his short addieaaA. We understand these.Q. Do you perform amputations ? .A. W e never do, aiid do not understand them. <of-us has read a book upon the subject, Q. Is bleeding common in Japan ?• 'RECEPTION BY THE PRESIDENT.pelves looked forward with mo6t anxious expec- to the President.ductions, the Embassadors, at 11 £ o'clock, took leave* gave it to the President, who, in turn, handed it to the A. There is a branch of the profession exclusively and returned home.Secretary of State. The four Japanese then retirod, devoted to this practice. The others have nothingi'jj» in the tame manner in which they had entered, keep- do with it, excepting in dangerous cases. hnials of the United States, with a view to dis- turned, this time the fourth in rank of the Japaus.se iig how nearly they could be reconciled with Commissioners tiking the place which the fifth nadA. Incisions are made with instruments, eidargm^ high dignitaries to go abroad by night, and customthe natural opening, and with other instruments the there rules. The intention of the Embassadors had at child is removed. - I iiret been to*radhere #0 this principle while in .thoQ. Do the patients often die under this treatment^ United States'! .but th£y express some satisfaction at A. Sometimes the mother dies, but only in n& having set it asjde, since by doing so they were ena-before held. The came salutations were' performed, bns required the Embassadors to. proffer the and in precisely the same manner. When the Embas-testimonials of respect in the case of.the President sadors stood again, before the President, the latter p would do in his own; but that their sense of read to them his answering address, giving a iewjde difference of custom in this laud from that of woids at a time, in order that all might be easily cadhad induced them to resolve to modify these accurately, translated.formI while yet preserving their general spirit and A few words of reply having been offered by Lhotcri l)uring yesteruay afternoon and evening, Embassador, Mr. Buchanan stepped forward, was panese region of Willard's was a scene of great introduced to each, and shook each by the ha ad. y. Prom the rooms of the Embassadors Nothing was said, the Embassadors keeping their e/osh those of the interpreters to the United. States turned toward the ground, though without any ap- ing the election to the House, is ««ceedingly> re- Comiiilittee's, and thence back again, hurried messages pearance of departure from their unvarying SJII-wn. It was intimated that the Tycoon's in-Q. What virtue or influence in Japan is ascribed'& Kussia.. Exeeptingj for these occasions,, for the ballthe influence of God, of spirits, or of the stars, in tko given by Gen. Cass, and for a visit to the President's treatment of diseases 7 - I house on Saturday afternoon, they have no^ left thoA. Tlw. higher and educated classes in Japan—eo$w hotel unless needed for positive transaction of busi- those in tokom (here is any degree of cultivation—$& ness. This seclurion tb^y will maintain until afteryot believe that stars or spir'its have any such influence,. the ratification of the treaty, when they intend to enter the- President, whom they saluted, without, however, But in the lower classes such a superstition prevails.!! very fully into the investigation of all that snrroanda venturing to "take his hand. After this, still bowing [It. was here remarked to the doctors that the cafi^ them. They were yesterday invited to ride to tho with formal precision, and never turning their backs', was very similar in America.] Patent Ofiice, but declined, until their self-imposed im- tlieJapanesefinallyretired.tothe-ante-roomwhich,was Q.WhencearetheJapanesemedicinesderived? pediment to free association with our people isre- reserved for thern. • ' A. The medicines chiefly used are of vegetable o|i moved. The Patent Office will be visited some earlyday this week.The President's grounds were thronged on Saturdayafternoon, ostensibly to listen to the performances of a band of music, but really to catch a glimpse of the em- bassadors, who sat upon the back piazza, vastly en- joying the animated scene spread out before them. Thousands of people were assembled, and the hnm of their perpetual and wondering discussions respective of the dozen eminent guests who looked benjgnantly down upon them, rendered the facial .distentions undl manual dexterities of the musicians an objectless pan-Before the Embassadors retired, some of their princi- .pal officers entered the room, and were made known toThe entire scene was impressive to a degree, of gin, mostly decoctions of barkswith | paal zeal, and remarking with evident satisfac- which it is not easy to convey a just idea. The bear- Q. Arc compound medicines used ?tion ti i preparations for pomp and display which soing of thepresident, whose dignified personal appeir- A. Not often.busilJR progressed. . .! ance added much to the occasion; the quiet grace of the Q. Are minerals ever used 1-stancments of the second and third were of different shad as but never, more. 'f mentioned that it had been in his family for four.nuuie an ex!' "ai- ••*oniothirty y Sate, he [>•*: >p S^-aion, in v; a cabin, $plit tatnIie<-atur. The 1 tluit fence;r !-ui , jiavtledmany auntilto very little extent;, but within a hundred years it Ivftsmorning there was less agitation; all principal Japanese; their radiant dresses; the plainer, but s-illA. Scarcely ever.Q. Are any of your medicines taken from animal A. None at all.j naries having been carefully decided upon andsettle : A certain air of solemnity, not to say mys>sparkling uniforms of the army and navy officers; the glitter of the gaily dressed assemblage, all gave bri li-tery, pervaded the corridors and apartments of the ancy of circumstance to an event which, in its graver Q, Do you make use of quinine ?Japan:$c quarter. Seriousness for a while took the aspect, had every, claim upon the deepest interest and -, A. Yes; we obteiued it from the Dutch.The etieei W :© rplanse went •v hich grew r hinged, aiH -\ fifteen uiinu'^ rnit the air.coiplace m that rollicking humor which almost always." attention. The interview lasted only half an hour, itsQ. For what diseases?A. For fever.Q. In how large doses do yon administer it ?A. From one to three grains.Q. What would you think of a dose of thirty graina$chars c i erizes the Japanese oificers. A weight seemed'briefness aiding its effect.*•%•••' .upon them, and there were fewer ochoings thanif cheerful conversation. The only, genuinq hi-jvas supplied by little. "Tommy," who exhibitsThe dresses of the Japanese were much more gorge- ous than any they had previously appeared in. T ;o first Embassador wore robeB of blue and purple crate,tomime. As it always happens- when opportunity arises for conversation, many interesting facts wero communicated by the Japanese to those around them.pnpnt. Up to 1.1J o'clock the Embassadors and their tendants held to their seclusion. At that tira<» the d r was opened, and, after the proper prcpara- tions hich, from the superior importance of the oc- casio: demanded cautious action, the procession was form<)|< Bna manner combining Japanese and American usag It was not a dazzling display by any moans, and i urally not very striking to the strangerspfor who •ethnics of thousands are no uncommon sight.is foltquestion of a renewal of the Charleston contro-versy in the most malignant form. The dispute ia In thb !carriage thus distinguished, tho intrepretors, U. S. Geologist; Dr. Stimpson, of the Smithsonbuinot about terms or about men. It is upon a ques- NamJura Gohajsiro and Mr. Portman rode. The pro- Institute; Dr. Lincoln, Professor of Anatomy aidcession moved slowly, and the short distance between Physiology in the National College; and Dr. Holston,Ju6t. before leavingrDr. Holston said that tho moot-tion of doctrine. The point la made distinctly andemphatically in the speech of Douglas, and in the traveU d in less than half an hour. The streets were three doctors accompanying the Japanese JBmbassy—ProleBsorof Surgery in Columbia College—and tie letter referred to, as to whether the Democratic crow Hep to greater excess than on the arrival of the Measaki, Moryoma, and Kawasaki. Science hasi*AKM4f<wkMr**}uei'.'^--;-.^.*->-j*i**f&j*ii%»3u.-ti?-sr* iti>B^»t*^fi*s«m]t».iWir*yMniHv'.'Wtf!-wwhWW^-M*,<r.w/^iMJAV,1#ti9^itr^^^f^•. •(**?/«•V.lfiftl >•*,>i;Wilh#<'s Hotel and the President's House was not•wwww.fultonhistory.comofgreen,crapeandsilk,all very curiously wrouglt. [Dr. Holston remarked to the Japanese, thatjfpin Washington.0£ o'clock a body of marines from the Navy- bald upon the head by shaving. The officers next nQ. Is syphilis known in Japan?• A. It is very. common. [Mr. Portman.hero e'>ti The two inferior and simpler orders are not used onplained that it might be considered common accotdijag State occasions. Appended was a' Dutch translation, which better fulfilled tin- expectations of those who-to the • idea of the Japanese, who, have no means of rectived it. comparison with other countries, but thut it cortuireariness with gazing had impaired their powersthat comes within their observation. The operations; spread, and within a very few years has become more of the laundry, tho cooking apparatus,;and the mechan- ,A" splendid gentleman; and," ho added, with great, to cession of excitement, " I saw Miss Lane——Ah!Theexclamationrevealedhisutterinabilitytonuce good his emotions in words.WASHINC.TON, May18/1860.Yar<i,fcnd as having made the subject under ebasidera- The interrogatories now ceased—an hour having tiou his especial study for a long time. When- it was been occupied inthe*interview. Before rising. Dr. mentionedthat,theheavyguns the Embassadorsha*- Evans proj>osed to exhibit tt> the Japanese such surgi- seen on board the Powhatan were of Dahlgren's de-A MEDICAL DISCUSSION.ant of j he third rank. Tho second Embassador's car- This evening an important interviow took place in surgical operations; and also promised to represent toUntitled Document'"''^"wvv^v^/A'.:^.->*,ri<***'»Y/^^.v>;*'pr^c,'<KNr;iV't*,i^;iwwi'vThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069,!,Q. [By Meaeaki/the Japanese doctor.] What kindlite Bangui:A. [By Dr. Ryan's.] We will enable you to seeeither the plaut itself or plates of it.carried thither by foreigners ? •'. jA. We think that formerly it was known, although ogement, as, indeed, they do with every worthy thingand more ^angerons. It is found mostly in tho south- ern parts of Japan.' •Q. Is the Doeia powder [used by the Japanese forQi Is it a mineral production IA. It it—like sand.[The American physichmo expressed a belief that theflexibility ofthe.body,inthesecases,wasproducedby the friction of rubbing more than by any othercal instrumentsand platesastheymightwishto"ex- amine, and to allord tliem opportunities of witnessingAmerica of many misapprehensions they had enterj-icontent.Ogoori Boongo no Kami, the third Embassador,'•-.'•'•*ign,theJapanesepresent expressedinwarmerterms thau before their satisfaction at meeting with hha- Two marines, sergeant and "private, th«h came in, and, under direction of the former, tho latter went through the drill peculiar to tho sword-bayonet rilled musket, which was carefully elucidated, the Japanese showing evident understanding of the process, notwiUwtaa^*ing its novelty to them. A number of firearms wero ing had been exceedingly1 pleuBant and useful; and that then submitted to inspection, with the operationaof it would have the effect of disabusing tho physicians of which the Embassadors expressed themselveii quitodred dangers which evade precise designation. H r s . "H^V^.^jt-^j.,,^,,\:V***WW-****-**+>K*A*K***rtW4itiV^^ 