 FIor none of the old abuseB left to. complain about,I" ment." Under'it the men have fixed wages, ism or animal magnetiam -which prevailed here so ex- Monster Meetings of O'Connell's day, at variousand the work performed by them is measured places in the south of Ireland, for the purpose of tensively from 1840 to 1848, when it was superseded andlevpiece of work in detail, according to an established Bchenie of prices, without defining the whole summice and men have done before them.this rapid age, that this pretended discovery of hypno- tism "was made sixteen years ago, by aa English sur- geon, who announced it to the world under the veryisI**I'reasonably expect to find them • striving to emulate John Mitchel to his native Ireland. If Erin de-each other in building good ships at the lowest sires the return to her green embrace of this, much rates. Now, these officers build costly ships and injured eon of hers, there are few persons in thiscannot help themselves. T o do the most and land of his adoption but would lament anything the best work for the least moneyis the pride of likely to hinder or defeat so auspicicua an event. every Mechanic. Every true Mechanic is quite as But the divisions of that unhappy country which muchashamedtohavehisworkcosttoomuchas causedthediscomfitureof*heschemeofemanci- to have done it badly. Much has been said of the pation of this unlucky patriot, though fortified bydrums. But nsually some considerable space of time is suffered to elapee before the reproduction of one ef these defnnct monsters is ventured upon. The ass that was ycbterday stripped of the lion's hide is not ex- pected to be trotted forth to-day under the same dis-'.guise.' ' \ f'';... •.•'''"' '.*" >-'-.* The preiended discovery of; Hypnotism which has latelyreachedusfromFranceis,however,astrikingprinted on parchment in lieu of paper. AMthe rhad received courtesies from . European National A '..cultural Societies, he*thought that the .preocbzSr^'f these several bodies should be made honotary»i*m bers. The annual business meeting he proposed w change from January to its old time of meeting « . Washington's birthday. A charterof mcorporationb/ "Congress was very desirable, and the Committed which haa had the matter in charge for the, past twe» sessions,;ebonld make a new application during the presentsessionifpossible. '•''."•'Some { of these suggestions are practical and valuable, evidencing a disposition on the part of theJSociety to really become worthy of it» appellation. It is a pity the President had »otagricultural body the Harper's Ferry and. secessbm quarreLj He spose of Washington ana patriotism, an<fc made special appeals to Northern members .to refrsia from aigreeiion, and to Southerners to be;CAISB and generoujs. However heartily the seneiblejportion of ! the community may indorse President TjUghman'* views, ^very ODCmust deplore the uncalled for infrac- tion of the neutrality of the Society, whichj tduce iw ormatibn, has been strictly observed. During the eight meetings at the Smithsonian, politics hive never/once bctaa dragged in, and it is to be hoped the offcast will never be repeated. • " • ,TheTreaturer,theHon.B.B.French(whoisGr&ixfc MasterI of '•Knights Templars also), then read his re- port, from which it appears that the receipts of the Chicago Fair, which paseed through his hands, werei/the Irish people as the present one. And yet he attracted less attention than it deserves from the medi- per tun, about $241. The Orlando and Mersey, 70- complains that the only fault of the Irish is that cal profession and the public, was published abouticorrespondence, through the mail is restricted—if pect! his conduct is subjected to espionage—if there be aor Brocca, of •which the patients were wholly uncon- scious until their recovery from the state of tranceor $3,000 received for admissions to the Grand Stand which, by special arrangement, have passed over to tht* contractors. The Society had paid off every dollar i its indebtedness in Washington and elsewhere, ai ,had now invested at'7 per cent interest funds to>tU amount of $5,000. The current expenses of the co» ing year would be about $2,000; and, the net bah* <v , the disposition of the Society being $3,000, an*. :,< probability of a large increase to the fund from th,^ year's show being almost certain, the Society couU. fairly be considered as established beyond contmge'> cies. It is perfectly clear to me that if more care h 4 been observed in making bargains and purchases tfcChicago, the net balance might have been * a< <jfc double, and if a really thorough, hard-working, a A; conecientious business-agent can be hired, it wifl save thousands of dollars to the Society, which are *ou«o~ dered and stolen under^he present loose system. T\e most outrageous claims and bare-faced swindles £ re r offered and often allowed at the National Fait*, be- causeoftherushofbntrinew,brevityoftime,andloose- ness of bargainH-beforehand. A good permanent super- intendent would w,t thia wrt»hj;' to right*, and if the nun can be fomid, I thu" **<r, Waj-cr will find him.Mam.urn as we do, and the French about 'twice asThe Hon. Marshall P . Wilder moved the appoint-ment of a Nominating Committee, to be composed oi' Ione person from each State and Territory represented; • :S. but afterward accepted an amendment from Sir. Tay- J yloe of D. C, that the Committee should con * of*Iand he took with him from New-York the best gang chain of his parol with which the Saxon thought to pereelain incisors purchased in this metropolis of rity, personal freedom, and the honor of their call-- of workmen that were ever in a Navy-Yard. It hold him—those same divisions, we say, seem tobenefits on humanity by furnishing a safe and sure means of performing without pain the most difficult surgical operations. M. Velpeau, the eminent surgeon of Paris, we are told; has communicated to the public1-Vi 1iand i one other is worth having—is increasing every provision never be repealed I It made us happy to year. It costs more now than ever before to sendfavor. . J " v-; •;In 1850 two steam frigates were built—the Sus- heretic Queen is not worse, surely, than the rene-44 Mr. Silas Allen of Boston recently magnetized alady who had broken an arm, and the fracture was setby t>r. Hewett while she was in this state, withoutpain. In this state, some persons are entirely insensi-ble to pain in every part of the body. You may pierce Kelly and R. F. Johnson of N. Y., C. Q. Rawson of I xfta their flesh with knrves, pull out their teeth, cauterize McGowan cf Pcnn., S. Foote of Vt.,and Isaac I. Store**, W.T.fcf*?the shipwrights, joiners, smiths, painters, epar-grading mfluences to which thoy are now exposedHYPNOTISM.from Satnrday to t„ni» Thursday following- By tide plan eight workin^days would be grvsn tojudges, and eight days for dr4 w ing money into the Treasury. JH*. credciiarv premiums, which are strewn ..about sofibe-; :THK BALMORAL O tIC BA5RI> TlttNXS A*wa« great goa&ip a 'fcood-flatnredjpopular I>«fen4rjti the Fait! theswamplandandc'difierehian^irfrom'w 'P*borne,a»d the jac 'fabdiuiU) for the op< *pon the Highland*Journal apphiuced, 5 J^ royal urbanity—e^ genial approval of th<Then"the ezcitemen iaktoeknpthecry, •ditionoftheeityatr**l•Kxppnses, 1058 and 1809.' .ayIvania? Is not her molding-sand perfect ? Rich,•uperabundantly rich, in ores, coal, timber, and party. It is. not fair wages. The employmentThe best methods for improving the Jounutt were gun screws of 3,760 tuns (U. S. m.), recently 4 twenty years ago, and ia entitled 44 Mesmerism in cursorily discussed by Mr. Amy, Dr. Loring, .) \dge;••'•4tf)i . * t , •W^e are concerned lest opposition in an unex-J•^••.-•-have the best class of work, and the most of it text, and the comments it naturally drew forth, were clamor interposed between the military companies and not fifty per cent of the amount that is ex- to do, just as in all other kinds' of business; or not of a nature to conciliate friendly relations be-s^fully ten times the number of vessels, expends only\any of the other five ships, and her cost compares spoliation of the patrimony of St. Peter, through ism, and particularly from the work of Dr. Jamea Es- with them, according to our best information, thus: the complicity of the former, he intimates that Na- daile, an English surgeon of high character, who,Niagara—Tunnage, 4,580; cost complete, per tun, $283. Thefivo—Tunnage, 16,400; cost complete, per tun, $300diploma will lose all value.The Chair announced that in consequence of an ao&I)dent to the press at the United States Mint, the Super- intendent had not been able to send on all the medals ordered by the Society, and that therefore a tr ^on of them would not be ready for delivery until £ -br *ry-Dr. Loring moved the thanks of the Society K> th* Secretary for his services, and hoped his suggestion h* relation to the Journal might be adopted.:will aave plenty of work in future. Not onlyso, but the cost of maintaining an efficient Navy—manufacturing machinery, but in the constructionof the hull, the difference i% coBfc should be in ourfor the last ten years; but they are not precisely of the kind that must consecrate the banners of an army of deliverance from En glish supremacy! Thewas performed under tho direct personal inspection of three or four other physicians, who admitted the aston- ishing insensibility of the patient^.and "better vessels by adopting a contract system with merchant-builders. We believe there is no chance lor improvement in this direction," unless the Governmentcan bemore faithfully served than it hasThe estimate for building the third-class screws,or gun-boats, seems to have been based on a com-plete cost per tun of $233—the average tunnage ofture management.The first point, after a statement of•'".'wm,.«*•i6T^rtrm floras MANUFACTOMB. | win witness the transfer at a geometrical ratio from•;.... *•v . » »"<».. (•«*«&«ftH t)ty$ i.-:•. ••-Tuujdful of pasteboard plates, ingeniously substi-taied for leather. in the heels and soles, and fran-tically vouched that the soles of the South werejsever false, our heart rejoiced." The cordwaininga r t has a chance of advancing, where it is disso- ern State. But if the South does not run and markIn point of fact, the Emperor Bonaparte is net infor which a structure is to be completed. A second the odor of sanctity, or good odor of any kind, with same title, under which also it attracted much attentionciated from the fabrication of paper and glue. this line with the utmost plainness, and maintain itand valued weekly by the scale of prices for task and job work. If the work is worth their wages for the week, they are paid them, and if not,holding up the -hands of the Holy Father at Rome, in the peril he is now in among false brethren orswallowed up by the kindred excitement on the subject of Bpiritualiam.J u n e s H . Mason, in his home-made toga of home- spun cloth, though voted by the galleries to be the worst-dressedman thateversatinacurulechair, -was to our eyes d a d in Senatorial dignity and "beauty when thus invested the other day withwith an anxious justice, she may as well forever dis-miss all hope of instruction in the Mechanic Arts byNorthern teachers, or of the institution of Domestic then a deduction is made. Should they do more Dr. Moriarty, a Roman Catholic Bishop, read an 44 or Hypnotism, or the Rationale of Nervous Sleep«rf Virginia, ambitions of uniformity of raiment, and pended on them before they are three years old. the great tailoring establishments of Philadelphia, Our Navy-Yards also are managed with great waste.he might be rewarded by an advanced salary.Our Navy numbers only about 45 vessels in com-tween the defeated Irish rebels, who are almost to a• %«• .. .W«iM*ntmMr4M—;-•*;- ,i,—aapaa7/iakerfl,.riggers, Bailmakers, &c., of the country,.. in the management of the Navy-Yards. • The ta$pbg of boot* in Nwbern, North CawJuu, munerative mechanical Industries of which we now ^ust at the same are in private shipbuilding. The*n>l^tortyet^tewloi>eaiito Bat*»chrantbepardonedtotheiaiperfecJioiio|cord-warning youth, by those who would expect from it%rercoded and complete maturity. W e were pleasedto »ee N < ^ * a i iiioo or four weekft since, "spot"«*e of hot sows, lor the unpatriotic offense of send-ing hi* boot* to New-York to be half-soled* Doubts a slow process. But to this the South has got to •orroond £b?e excellence of Newborn dentistry; and submit, if she insist* upon making Labor the badgewe really apprehend that a Newbern-made wig of Chattel Slavery. If she is in a hurry and cannot would W, a confession of baldness at forty rods' dis- .wait; then she r^ust directly employ Northern me-taaee* Butwhatofthat? Canthemanufactureof chanics,bothforworkandinstruction,orencour- fel»e beefh and of false hair ever become perfect in age them to transfer their skill and machinery toasweknow,actuatedbyalaudabledesiretocon-duct their yards properly, would then have fair•' LAND: ': ...„..,..'...„ »• -»'. '.That there is nothing new under the sun, is a remarkit. It is not uncommon in politics, in religion, in medi- which are ao> costly in the aggregate^be ; proposedISertfc Carolina, without North Carolina support t Southern ground, and make the South their home, superior character of the work done on the Ni- his new system of vitriolic tactics, and his banish-exception to thia rule of prudent reserve. It comes tous claiming to be one of the most novel and extraordi-nary discoveries ever made. It is proclaimed as des-tined to supersede ether and chloroform as anesthetic concluded bis remarks with them, but. he had agents in medical practice, and to confer invaluable the singularly bad taste to drag into this purely"Importers at once en petticoat hung in ev .i>ut here aroeeadiff;xecotmxe Victoria, not as Expounder of to Wear the BalmoraJ•dabbled akbrte, and "Eugenie had not said the first exhibition o:bell the cat? What •tfceao ijueetiohs rag" T a a over; the shop- kirtJ«•with many a *i ten festly had not be '.'•,Bit,' after aD, the n efTimebringsroup<** later find human <fn . fte fhppkeeperg timiiorals, and Trhenmud and half-K >- Another quietly thor. -_'-Trotdd be for a morna Would be »urc not to - dy; and BO, one aftertnr<» quietly bought i qui atly •wear them i day, after the. Janua *erp dirty, and each out in her new feku iuliion I Every w?c< her self. Eed-p Iain, a&de the street as bjoome about the rev "•hat,one Celtic bardXSf,'nt glad were we, therefore, to see that New-agara. Mr. GEORGE STEERS built her in theBrooklyn Navy Yard, under a special commission; he easily escaped by breaking through the paperand identify themselves with her future. Condition was losing her apathy, and frowning on precedent to this employment, and indispensable /"those of her citizens who smiled upon her with portion of this encouragement, will be social secu-ment to a penal settlement, from which, however,AbohtiOnism, and -who cautiously scratched otherpeople's trefses which New-Yorkers had taught to the give that encouragement? •»was his pride, and theirs too, not only to do gbodwhomforthesakeoftheRepublichodenounced ing THE TRIBUNE hasmade thatjournal ne-minimuminsteadofthemaximumprice,asthey are compelled to do now, under the stupid and cor- rupt system in vogue.W e are not proposing any untried scheme. Thesystem we advocate, with some slight modification,haslongbeeninuseintheBritishdock-yards.Itis disturbancewhichtheCatholicelementmayintro- thusinduced. <'there known as the " task and job" system,by which duce into his best-laid plans. But it looks now as It will scarcely be credited by those who have failed a definite sum of money is paid for each specific if it might make them "gang ajee," as those of to notice how much ia from year to year forgotten infrom fee tribune of the Jacobins, and of his fatalfists of ti» proscribed. Farinaeeeus traitor to the Post-Ofiices its circulation is interdicted. If hisItwasajoytoustoseeourbrethreninGeorgia governmentalelementofviolencesurroundinghim feandle negro-shoes, made within her jurisdiction, superior to the laws, and momentarily liable to un-smd to bear them pronounced as good as those of controlable outbreak—if the social air which heI>ywu And when our ootemporary of The RicJonond breathes is chill with aristocratic coolness to theDispatch pried out of a Massachusetts brogan a handicraftsman—if the social and political arrange-South, you should head the list of Newbera sus-as was the man " who led the British armies," and who *'led the British Senate," in our old-fashioned School Speaker, may not have duly calculated thebe performed, and nave been performed, by M. Rocca, $30,436 65, in addition to which there were some$2,Q09jog. Can the South guarantee this condition I Willthreaten fresh obstacles in the way of his conquest work but more of it than the " old hands" were of Ireland. The alliance it is understood he wentments be not full of hope and promise to Labor, he will for each and every cause stack his tools and go. The dividing line between social tyranny and social conservation, we do not care to run for any South-system is somewhat used in connection with thisx the Irish Catholics, just now. They have been in this country, and was largely practiced and investi-Manufactures by the transfer from New-Englandwork, they are not paid for any excess of earnings.44Considered in Relation to Animal Magnetism." He claimed in this work to have made a discovery pre- Rome, in which he,expressed himself in these em- cisely similar to that claimed by Mr. Rocca, He main-The third .system is like our present day pay for * domestic fabric of his own plantation. "We workmen. What will be her peril, and what will stated wages, and it is used as little as possible.and the Middle States of machinery and skilled-jtitt a true respect for that Virginian in Richmond, be her fate, without a counterbalance to her present In this country, we should have no establishedThe Treasurer'* «A. B. Conner of Net Committee of three iTbo Chair appointed ... Colonel Anthony Kimmtt ny of Kansas.w h o offered to clean the soiled uniforms of the armywhich made the campaign against John Brown, for fewer hands, we have indicated.phatic terms: " The Emperor will do nothing toJust nothing at all, if the warriors only would not•end them to the incendiary North for reparation.That sartorial renovator of eloth was not the ninthpart of a man; he was a whole man. And theRichmond journalist who daily and with prodigious worth seventy-five per cent-of their first cost," H e will allow no intervention in favor of theOur national ships cost too much. They are notand the best work with the least money, should 44revolt against the Head of the Church." Such adaily grew on our admiration. He became the The advocates of a steam navy are pushing busi--representative of a principle that is very dear to ness into our dockyards, -and will not rest content moat expensive in the world. Great Britain, withIn a book entitled the " History and Philosophy of motion of Dr. George B. Loring of Mass., refen ' ''•us—*• Home Manufactures"—and was a patriot in while there is a single sailing ship to be supplantedour way of measuring men, when he persuaded the by a screw steamer. W e shall soon see our about four and one-third times as much money perafter denouncing the alienation of the Romagna from the Papal domination, should it be permitted by the Congress of Paris, as the most sacrilegious and atrocious robbery history will have to Tecord, pro- phesies that if Bonaparte permits this crime to be perpetrated, his fall is at hand. Such are thea Committee.Mr. Mallory of Ky., moved the reference a* *iePresident's address to Hie Executive Convntttee. Carried. / , 'legionaries that it was the first duty of a warlike sailing frigate3 and sloops laid up in ordinary, to"Virginian to give remunerative employment to the Tot, as our line-of-battle ships now are—not one of much. If these nations received no more for their •bears of the Old Dominion, and to her needles and tbem being fit for sea—while the Bteamers alone money than we do they would soon be bankrupt.aoatriron geese. Iron! Suggestive word. W e smote will be commissioned. Millions of dollars will ber. IITbeB( (Andl'AndA* woar thigh with delight, when we read of the condi- -$o* imposed by the Legislature of Virginia upon its g s a s t of money in aid of one of her unfinished rail- areads - t h a t the iron to lay its track with, should be mined m Virginia, and rolled in Virginia. May thatLet us compare the coat of war ships in the Britishspent in effecting these changes, and the 8,000 men and United States navies. It might perhaps be sup- priestly blessings which he receives as his rewardtwenty-one, and be chosen without limiting th num- ber to one from each State.. The resolution as ai iv\ad. was then adopted, and the Chair appointed the Com- mittee as follows:Chairman, Mar*haUr\ Wilder of Mw., C.C. Cl»y of Ate.. Ow H.Penficld of Conn., John Jones of DcL, W . W . Co _„«4«f.- 0.C,B.O.Taylo*ofFl»,W.G.Coffinof Tnd.,J.JA. Cuaoa orIowa, W.F.&L AmyofK^Mi, W. L. Underwood ofJCy^ Ceo. B. l>ringof Maw., John Merrrnwtn of Md., E. L^J jwioC do., J. Richard Barrett of Mo., Frederick Smyth of N. Ft- W*uperuse that wisestof the resolutions of the Directors agiv«n number of guns to sea, because the guns, j -xtmrf^.S. of the Roanoke Road—that the Presidents of all the cost more, and the demand for a higher rate of Norfolk:gade Emperor. Mr. Mitchel will have to wait a little,'we imagine.them with a hot iron, apply the most powerful caustic Charleville, Cloyne, Clonmel, and many other to their flesh, or give them an electric shock which would cause instant death in the natural state, but they appear totally unconscious of your attacks. The won-" . •.• ' «quehanna at Philadelphia, and the Powhatan at Railways in the South he requested to convene and i speed renders the use of steam inevitable. I t used Susqnebanna—Tnnnage, 2,450; coat of hull per tun, $109.The Chair then announced that Mr. Buchanai* would come to the meeting to-morrow and smile rr H* SS, and Dr. Loring very properly moved that hi ibxcel- lency shou'd be made an honorary member, aud hia diploma be ready for delivery to-morrow. Which be- ing agreed to by the Society, Col. Johnson said that aa sever*! of the ex-Presidents were honorary member^ he thought it right that two other names should be added to the list, ?viz: tho»e of Marun 'Van Bursa. and John Tyler. Both of them were actually en^^ed in farming, and both were active at Agricultural. "-'rs,. and friends of improved husbandry. The Colonel's hearty tribute was applauded, and his reaomtiott adopted. It is to be hoped, however, thatthe con- ferringofthesethreediplomasmaynotbetakenasa-precedent for any future indiscriminate dwpen*atkm,«rMeetings of this character have been held in labor soil of a manufactory of locomotives and other that every gun on board a ship-of-war in the ' Total cost per tun (hull, spare, and machinery), Susquehanna, places, and, doubtless, express the tense of thetake measures for the establishment upon Slave | to be estimated, when canvas was exclusively used, PowhuUii—Tuxtnage, 2,415; coit of hull per tun, $116 50.equipments, upon which the hammer of a Northern'aMK&anic should never have smitten a blow.. So in- the cost is now nearer $25,000 in screw steamers 'tecested have we felt in the development of this new of 40 guns, $30,000-in steamers of 14 guns, and passion of the Slave States for Industrial and ComJjmereial Independence, that we have republished inTHE TRIBCISE the recommendations of Richmond$285.Total cost per tun (hull, spars, a»tt machinery), Powhatan,$829. . ^Ultramontaniflte of the Irish Church. It is satis- factory to know, however, that the fools are not. allderful insensibility of some persons in the magnetic etate has been tested by experiments which place the fact beyond dispute. Teeth are every day extractedMERCA.NTIIJournals to the South, to send its machinery patternstothejustlycelebratedcannonfounderyofthattsity/and have honestly hoped that we should directto that establishment some profitable jobs. It wouldtake %long time for Virginia, in any of her towns,t o perfect a manufacture of stoves that should-com-pete in quality or pricewith the matchless castings of voritism, and neglect of duty prevail. The foremen many Albany manufacturer*-, but we will agree toof the various trades employed are the zealous rep-gratuitously advertise an established business of thatohaxacter in the various editions of T H E TRIBUNE, districts. They select the workmen in their depart-poleon III. would be welcomed by the Irish peopleif he should step over at any moment. And heaffirms that the British Government knows that of trance or catalepsy, induced by hypnotism andJJOW circulating 247,000 copies. Has not Virginiaas good iron as ever came from Scotland or Penn- least one-third of the money laid out in the Yards•. v water-power is the Old Dominion. SO are Ala-% Vama, Georgia, and the two Carolina3. Why do the place of good workmen, is a commonand they are vessels of J3-knot speed. William H. Webb of this city has built the 70-gun screw frigate General Admiral, 4,300 tuns, for the Emperor of Russia, for the sum of $964,000; cost complete, per tun, $224; speed 12 knots under steam. - ,with his ecclesiastical duty toward the Pope is a' UNITED STATES AGRICULTURAL SO- it Bhould be made the order of the day for to-morrowv ell the new Londthey not diversify their exclusively agricultural in-dustry with manufacturing ? Why do they not es- pleasure, leaving a quarter-man in charge. Whyquestion for him to settle with his own conBcience and his ecclesiastical superiors. But we think he must be a man after Mr. Mitchel's own heart, and wouldrecommendhimforthepostofChaplain-in-It was finally, on motion of Judge Underwood, laid, * upon the table. :Votes of thanks were passed to Mr. W. «. (.-«*»• coran and Mr. Todd, both of Washington, Cor ihvors^ -.. andallbueinesebeingthusdisposedof,; . 1Mr. H. Cowing, of somewhere on the frontiers o* Texas, W»Pallowed to explain tho merits, and display the drawings, of his steam-plow. This inventor, W& speaks with much of the accent and expressi. n of tt» man who shows Bengal tigers, ichneumons, uid saga" pipers at the circus, claims to have anticipated Pswaefr by ten years. His proposed engine, for he has oevsr built one, ha3 drive wheels 14 feet in diameter, wl khnot only resemble the wheels of the Waters Detroit^ machine in appearance, but are driven m the 6*m£ way.i.e.,by*apinionworking intointernalgearsom the'drivers. Instead of two steering wheels, asalawik all other steam-plows are furnishe/1 with, this one AM hnif one, and therein tho machine resembles » * f » velocipede. The inventor proposes to >drs. . a\r«e- gangs of plows arranged in form like tho " t ****?;. cultivator," the plows being reversible. At t * cues: end of each of the gangs bo has a two-way to* -or making water furrows. His gangs are hoi*' »T throwing a clutch into gejar to wind chains on * * mi*. <Without s*'>» the- according to the FawkeS plan. ...—— — - ,model, or rather seeing a large macHue a t a c t u t t w * . I confess to an inability to we great merifcmthMPJan and despite all the imperfections of FaWceas "JJ"**" plet« machine, 1 esteem it as still ahV aO* *JJTM£ machineIhaveseenforsteamcultivation/,m/Kj* didgoldmedaloftheSociety,called"1^-OrMJGj»aomely acknowk<?i OrosTenor, who the Association sot "been received, and Fund," will becon the shelres of th Teferenoe. Such public benefaction <[uently.' The pi poeed:S. A. Bmchxx, Pi—i •CharJe* H. Sword»/ •!«•«•, Correapoc"TroMorer. birw lock, HarYo-r H. \V Henry C. Tkunor, JStfKDAT-SCHOoithere will be a m« half of • Sundav. Ferris will pres-CioeS will addrefes iTAOARJXS OF A: nett, on Tbursdi having in custody jkevi,whoisdun silver;plater,com* way,of$"0mci same value, il. boy, and since indulged in varM mention. Duri gaged by M.r.. known to. be donbted. Inrcfe! •eharged, he sayfi/1 his eaaployer 'eldleaving the sate i{ procured the W \ evecinje, inteudin| hud. - Once in&ic-cooimistoon of between Barney)•**take tho cash4i leavo it alouc,J -citizen,'' and•u nonsense^" C4 iwuall voiiH;" so sleep la the storo,J break of day Ba still slept.Barney tookm«fttal Aorcncuu >.-•'*tablish and nurse into permanent life mechanical centers,at all suitable points, about which their exhausted farming shall be reanimated, and through which the harmony of social interests shall n a k e these States populous, wealthy, and powerful lor internal order and external defense ? W e adj ure the South to go to manufacturing. W e adjure it tooataWishthat Commerce with the whole world, whichover follows upon the complete independence of apeople'slabor. Weadjureittogiveprofitableem-pioyment and consequent consideration to its greatshould n't they 7 They owe no obligations to the authoritiesoftheYards;theirofficeisasinecure —the honey in the carcass of politics. Fair play in the division of patronage is one of the laws, not enacted by Congress, that is faithfully executed atIn 1850, the 13-gun screw San Jacinto was built' Chief to the Army of Invasion, as soon as it isits present policy. For we can tell the South, that when the present aggregation of slaves under large proprietorships, every one, of which displaces • r destroys a dozen small slave-masters, has pro- ceeded to the extent of a monopoly in property/ and an attempted oligarchy in politics, the excluded class of Whites will rise in fury upon the Institutionhave clamored for the construction of national tion between builders in regard to the amounts of been in constant and improving operation in Ire- ships outside of the Navy-Yards; and some their bids, this being confined to their plans, and, land for the last ten years. The reduction of the*ndcrushitundertheirheel*likeglass. Thetrue been,byitsownofficers. ItistruetheEmperorof ; solutionoftheSlaveryQuestionisdomestictothe Russiasenthere,andoneofthefineststeam-the seven that have been built being 986 tuns eaeh,andthepricenamedforthemby'theNavyDepart- landwastiedup,andthusthrowngreatnumbersment,$230,000--muchofthetimberforthembeing offineestatesintothemarket,withabsoluteper-the financial success of.the Chicago Fair, was a recom-mendationtoincreasethesalaryoftheSecretarytosuchasumaswouldenablehimtogivehiswholetime and energies to the Society's buwnees^—therebyindorsing the views expressed, in a recent articlo inTHE TRIBUNE. He proposed that next the fundsshould be ueed to purchase valuable agricultural andstatistical books for the library, and to better distributethe publications of the National Society.. To meetsome part of tho expeute of publishing* the transac-tions, he thought it well to admit a limited number ofunexceptionable advertisements, as this was done bythe Royal Agricultural Society of England, i» the en-tire satisfaction of the members. The Chicago Fairwas upoken of as a glorious success, and a sketch inoutline of its salient features given—but as you fullydoBcribed the Fair at the time of its occurrence, furtherMedal of Honor," is to beV*»^^j£*}£SjSZ*»ave States, and is no part of the bequest made byJohn Brown from his scaffold in Charlestown. Iffrigates that ever floated, was built for him, but his agents were men of practical knowledge, whoon band.fection of title, has brought in a class of Englishsettlers with capital and skill, which is fast chang-, ^merciaJly independent?"A system of Manufacturing is of slow growth.than $30 por. tun. They range in Bize from 400 to800 tuns, and in speed from 8 to 14 knots. Theof them. But the English people and Government have actually learned wisdom by experience, andever, most heartily President Tilghmau's tribute to the VicK-VKKKinKMs—ltobbina liattoU, Norwmlk? J*» !•»•».liberality and energy of Messrs. Gage, Brothor & ^ J S S S S S h w t e . F. Pond, Hartford, H a r t f o r d J S * ^b0Drake, of the Tremont Hoiu=e, the contractors » /*"" Washington Webb, Nw-Huvra, Nivw-Haven C<wW%?Jgg^But how ? It is simply to do as Mr. Webb, Mr. Westervelt, and other builders do, who make any It can no more be extemporized than a matured money in their business. Wc want the system of man , eau be, or a matured tree. Its beginniogg job work, which is in use everywhere, except in must be deliberate, and not passionate; they must establishments conducted and supported by the be small, and not large. They must start from the public money. It is something more than time thatcost of labor for building and fitting for sea steam have shown it in trying to cure Irish disaffection by, of the Chicago ciiiy.eiiB. The address then set lortn A. BUI. Lyme, Kew-London County; George Onborn*, «J***35rUnited States Navy cost from $7,000 to $8,000;guns, United States tunnage about 2,697 tuns, was that this state of things is likely to be modified . built at a cost of $93 per tun for the hull alone.$40,000 in steamers of 6 guns. Nor can we seeby any new inventions; on the contrary, improve- ments in themeans of naval warfare seem alwaystoresultinincreaseofcost. *•Now, 'it has become notorious that our Navy- Yards, where about $5,000,000 is annually spent for labor alone, have become mere political ma- chines, where idleness, insubordination, fraud, fa-$6,000,000 have been appropriated for their con- found, more Ghibbeline than Guelphin his procliv- gotten notion of English origin, and of once extensive the favor. 'The Society uhould not make an mnoa.struction and equipment. Their aggregate tunnage ities, who held rather to the Emperor than to the practice in America. We might, if necessary, illustrate an honorary member unleeahe has actually o.. ferredfcis 20,980. The Niagara is 1,180 tuns larger than Pope. Without any notice taken of the threatened this by copious citations from the literature of mesmer- some benefit upon agriculture, or become eminent for his patronage of the art. If it' does other *a, jtaresentatives of the Congressmen of the surroundingWhile these vessels were building, the screwfrigate Shannon of 51 guns and 2,697 tuns (U. S. the French Government would be as acceptable to other forms of mesmerism. His work, which hasments, and have few or many as they choose. A tm.), waB constructed in England; cost complete,is plundered by the spoilsmen of the dominant of inferior mechanics and men of no trade inthey are * too loyal!" How this clergyman can India." finished, have cost complete, per tun, about $243, reconcile his political preference for the EmperorUnderwood, and Mr. Olcbtt, the former of whom wished the matter referred to the Executive Committee- with power, and the last named gentleman urging that.abuse. Master-workmen absent themselves atCIETY.From Our Special Correnpondont. "WASHINGTON,Jan.12,I860.The eighth, annual business meeting of the Society was opened this morning at the Smithsonian Institu- tion in due form, at the appointed hour. DelegatesWashington, and which settles any difficultying out of the remissness of master-workmen to their duties. *But there is a yet greater obstacle in the from various bodies, and members, having registered their names, it was found that the States of New-York, Dublin, after the expulsion of the Lord-Lieu- Maryland, Iowa, Massachusetts, Delaware, Pennsyl- tenant and the overthrow of the Saxon domi- vania, Indiana, TenneBsee, Ohio, Minnesota, New-persons have r thought we should get • cheaper we might add, their party merits.pauper population by the famine and the consequent emigration, has brought the laboring class within manageable limits. The Encumbered Estates Commission, which has cut the tangled knots of mortgages, entails, and settlements with which thegrow-some satisfactory social balance to the baronial knew what they wanted, and that thoy would be power of the Planters be not established within held responsible for their conduct. The construc-the Cotton, Sugar and Rice rone, there will be a tion of the General-Admiral does indeed prove"conflict" altogether "irrepressible," and which that private builders in the United States can com- cannot be laid at Mr. Seward's door. pete with the world in the building of battery ships,not only as to quality, but as to price; but wc be- Will our Southern brethren permit us to say a lieve the building of our national ships can be as few words to them, frankly and kindly, in regard to well done in the Navy-Yards under a proper systemthe accomplishment of their desires to be " com- . of labor.. simple germs of coarse labor and cheap fabrics o is wanted by an employer. H e wants work. about 55 per cent of such cost. itself—capable of improvement, doubtless, but freecommon necessity. Clothing and shoes for the per Then why not buy work instead of hiring time?. son—plow*, ?VOCH, axe«, and other tools for the Herein is the secret of the difficulty of getting ships such extravagant sums. The day-pay system shouldfarms—rough c5oth of wool and cotton for the built and repaired at a reasonable rate in ouj- beimmediatelyabolished,andthepiece-system;ortailors, ano! coarse leather for the shoemakers, are Navy-Yards—the labor ig all paid for by thenaturally indicated a.* *afe and surely profitable sub- day. This should be changed. The various jobs tics, established in its stead. The Government aud- all surplus.. The 'ireasurer's jR^port shows: ^jobbing, free to all workmen without regard to poli- jeetsofSouflierrimanu/octaring. Expansion and im- into which the constructing of a' ship may be the workmen would both make money by thequarrel with the Pope on the onehandandthe growing prosperity of the country on the other, wo are more likely to see' Mr. Mitchel restoredbotoitwhatanoverseerofafactorywtoit.Theoom-n S K S o u l d consist of not more than three membersonly one of them to be from tbo State m winch theShow was held, and tho expenses at least of the Chair-man tobe r#id. To give suitable time for making tn- KeceipUprovement will of course <#J"W; and year after year uabdivjded 8hould bo thrown into the market to allto America under the auspices of Mr. Samuel Cu- HlsTmdaw!Sjs,the time of opening the Show should be••*•••••••»••••*•*••*•** aiii*1"**\it ^ g it«^*.»i t * 6***W?<1'HWffW4!W4(ffiX$l"ffl^yi^WWBIIltfifMn'^w &Mm ms &*#& V*ftv'•*'§: •• \•:m< &>'t'i ftwHEW^ORK DAIL Y^i|||^MWP§SKrogp M,1860.en•Vwwi^*.*.^^known as "day-pay under check measure-holding great meetings, almost rivaling in size the gated during the excitement on the aubject of mesmer-tained that the chief phenomenon of mesmerism—the policy of aggregating land and negroes in fewer and scale of prices; but the cost for which the whole 44 assist in quelling the revolution he has excited. state of catalepsy or insensibility—could be produced<,A to audit the ace t, 4/:, 'Ynmittee Mr. C>••NA VY-YARDECONOMY.should be required to keep within the limits 44assigned. The constructor who should do the most 44 Europe, to keep up and consummate this wickedthen presented hi* report, from* which it »eem» that ti. has received during the year over one thousand letter*, and answered some eight hundred. He called <Ueu. tion to remarks in the last number of the Society's Journal, on the necessity of devising some wa" tf .', will secure valuable contributions, by acientit H practical men, for the pages of the Journal. The vouuntary system had not worked, for but one coutribu*•• tion had been" sent that was worth publishing tJt must be provided with means to procure forehjp? agr** culturaljournals, 8nd to pay contributors for good »^rti- cles. Tne report was accepted, and subsequently, oa•hip should be built should be defined by theSecretary of the l^avy, and naval constructors 44 Pope; while [he allows the intervention of all thein most persons by fixipg the eyes on a bright point at a given'distance before and above the eyes, and that in the condition thus produced surgical operations could be performed without pain to the patient. The mes- merizers replied that his discovery was no discovery at all; that they had been long familiar with the phe- nomena he described, which did not all invalidate theclaims of mesmerism. And they declared that they bad long been in the habit of performing painless ope- rations upon persons in the state of catalepsy, induced by mesmeric influences...,an4 W.F. i Major Ben. Periey Poore, the industrious Seer r-man Catholics, and the crowned conspirator of the mission, and in its maintenance is certainly the Second of December. At Drogheda, Bishop Dixon,Animal Magnetism," published in Boston in 1843, ayear before Braid's book appeared, we find the follow-ing statementst I" Dr. Shattuck of Lowell has been very successful*as a magnetizer, and has made some new and valuable discoveries in the science. A large tumor was ex- tracted from the shoulder of a lody whom he had magnetized at a public lecture in Lowell, with- out causing the slightest jpain.- The incision wasemployed in the eight Navy-Yards of the Union posed that England would have the advantage in for having upheld the Papal throne by his bayonets^ made to the depth of two'inehes. This experiment**tike North southward of those highe-v and more re-havethemonopoly. Miningan/1smelting,andthe constructorsofthevariousyardswhoare,sofar THE POPE AND THE EMPEROR JN IRE- sooldandsotritethatitisscarcelyworthwhiletorepeat raHybyfJom*uitteesintheMiscefiaue^usClaes,au4forgingofmratals,willpaykjimediately,andpay forever. But where ahall tfoe Labor come from t What shall that Labor be/, To turn a field negro into a skilled mechanic if, not possible. To educate from childhood a gang n>f Africans for shop-work, is'., •:•;•:cine,andmscience,tohavelong-explodederrors,here- sies, and hmntrags revived and brought forward, goodshouldalwaysinfuturebegivenmtheform'of&neat diploma,, and under more stringent regulations thanplay for their energies and ambition^ and we might pected quarter should delay the restoration of Mr. as new, with a great flourish of trumpets and beat of heretofore; and this diploma should, hVittouitt&.becurl and pretend to be natural. That sou <ef New- This inquiry asks a great deal. For a man with accustomed to; nevertheless, if Mr. Steers could to form with Louis Bonaparte for this purpose, like this astounding discovery, which has just been made Item, guilty these many years of the chrome dis- enough of the divine creative faculty in him to make have introduced the job system, the Niagara would the one propost d by T7*« RicJtmond Enquirer for the by another French surgeon, M. Rocca, or Brocca.'loyalty of sending to this den of incendiaries for Ms a locomotive from driving-wheel to funnel-top, have cost considerably under instead of over invigoration of Slavery after the Union is dissolved, The substance of it is this: Place before the face of iaxoiiy flour, two harrebf at a thsoe-^we thought will not wear a muzzle over the expression of his $1,000,000. W e believe all other contractors does not seem likely to be received with thatrunani- a person, between the eyes, at the distance of six or when we heard of him, of Robespierre, and these political and social opinions. If long habit of read- would, like Mr. Steers, make their shipB cost the mous enthusiasm by his countrymen which such a eight inches, a brilliant object; make the person lookcessary to him, he will quit the State through whosestrokeofdiplomaticstatesmanshipshouldnaturally fixedlyatthisobject,andinafewminutCBhe'will squint, and will soon fall into catalepsy, and be de-excite. Mr. Mitchel being a Protestant Irishman, prived of all sensibility. In this state operations canIn 1844, Mr. James Braid, surgeon, of Manchester, undutifulchildren. Atoneofthese, atKillarney, England,publishedawork entitled,"Neurypnology,extract from a letter from a distinguished ecclesias-TbedaJ iIn g'.ac\ 1\ Of petl J 1Uk»h) iFromLoike'-cExcititic, probably Cardinal Antonelli, at the Court of' *«», on motion of the H acceptedl and the •:«Mazzinians, Red Republicans, and Socialists, ofIn England, 1852,.the frigate Indefatigable, 51 dead yet in the first flower of the earth and first. while the patients are under thia influence, withoutg«m of the sea. That generation, which it is to be pain. Tumors have been cut out, limbs set, and other painful operations performed^which could not other- hoped is never entirely to cease from off the earth, wise be endured. These-facta are so well known andWhen our six first-alass screw frigatas were has not left itself without witness even in the bosom authenticated, that it is unnecessary to give the de- tails."ordered in 1854, we had nearly all the neces- of the Irish Catholic priesthood. At a chapel This is sufficient to show that hypnotism is no dis-sarytimberonhandattheNavy-Yards,yet meetinginCloyne,acertainFatherFieldingwas coveryofDr.Rocca,orBrocca,butisanalmostfor-at Brooklyn Navy-Yard, and last year Jacob A.Westervelt of this city built the 14-gun screwBrooklyn on contract for the United States Gov- way of Mr. Mitchel's triumphant entry into ernment. .Brooklyn—Tunnage, 2,070; cost complete, per tun, $208. San Jacinto—Tunnago, 1,446; oost complete, per tuu, $288.The building of the Brooklyn was an Administra- nation, and that is the growing prosperity and IlampBhire, Kentucky, Texas, Vermont, Alabama, theWho does not s,ee that work must necessarilybe performed at a .ruinous cost, under these tion job, and therefore no criterion of reasonable, good government of the island. Cobbott used toDiatiictofColumbia, and the TerritoriesofKansas and Washington, were represented. Friendly greet- ings were exchanged between old acquaintances, aud a perfect spirit of cordiality eeemed to prevail, despite tho rancorous squabble in tho National Debating Club.The meeting having been called to order, President Tench Tilgbmau, in obedience to custom, delivered the annual address, in which he took a general survey of the proceedings of the Spciety since the last meeting, and made numerous suggestions for changes in its fu-circumstances? And yet no remedy is pro- cost—the price of the machinery was fixed atsay that you can't make a fellow with a full belly aclass of Non-slaveholding Whites, and so avoid theperil which looms down big from the future upon posed. Private builders and their workmen $20,000 above its value, and there was no competi- rebel, and this method of cure for rebellion has nowNow, Wm. H. Webb built the steam corvette ing the whole face of the country. The. peasantry Japanese, 12 guns, 1,291 tuns, for the Russians, in who are willing to work can have employment andthe Census Bureau,.» ^ faring o n « UnoWoSta- the next Census a n ^ » J A n t } w U j ^ ^ ^ ^rag." To-night g g g ^ Geography in its KelatfoM »*^ the Society on P ^ i U aoubdesi attract a large Agriculture,' *DUaudience. ,, ' • - ••CONNECTICUT STATE AGRICULTURAL SociiTT.-** A t the annual meeting, held at Hartford, Jan. | S | f e | following officers were elected:1857, for $250,000, being $193 per tun; and he.built, equipped, and armai, thesteam cutter Harriet' mate a nation are gone forever. It is not strangeLane, for about $225 per tun. This, too, was an.Administration job.. The steam gun-boats, of which consider the atrocities of the English misgovern-that hereditary hatreds Bhould yet remain, when wo England has so many in her Navy, have many of ment in the old time—and not so very old either.them been built by contract for less than $120 pertun—-the entire cost of labor for building being less and often walk long after the life has departed outcorvettes of 21 guns, and 1,500 tuns (U. S. m.), in the British docl^-yardu, is stated to be about $33 per tun. Tins is about 25'per cent of the cost oftho manner in which impartial and vaiuaoie Fhtrfk-ld County ; Charles O«pood, Pomfret, Wrndha*^^BftTThis is one reason why our National ships eOftt us from any peculiar and Offensive distinction of priv- ileges. We think therefore that, what with theposed that tho Society should have f . J J W f f ^ P ^ An effort w a s made to reduce his salary below $1JW£ fntendent at a salary"who.with his aids, shoald manage a year, but it was almost unanimously rejected. * gall the preliminaries and detail* of the Matjonal.Shows,make contract* and batgains of e e v H « £ & * ? success of this Socioty has been greatly ovfhig t * w:change, and the latter would be saved from the de-Untitled Documentnard, than to Irvlaud uuder thcae of Napoleon.III.,changed fi-ejn Monday to Wednesday, and ot closingorganized and ready to begin operations.wages, and the days when the potato rot could deci-Such antipathies are the ghosts of dead tyrannies,curing the mischiefs that caused it.There are f swawards could only bo secured, viz.—by &'&$*& and systematic arrangement of competing «*"«*• by having competent judges—and ny gTM"*©Abiinb Catliu. Harwinton, Litchfield County; Levi (**» •J.V'L dkrovn.MlddlMox County; R. B. Cbamberlin, Coventry, *"» hind Coutty. \ ' '.' ' • VHenry A. Dyor. continues aa Secretary and *&°** the bulls, while our Navy-Yards spend for labor generally is as fair and good as in tho imperial isle. these necessary features, ^ » d o n ^ ^ S s » S agent and business manager. ".' \ ^ .and the administration of justice and of government time for the examinations. *?he bettor • ^ o u wwhile in India, practiced for eight months in a hospital in Bengasi, performi»g the most difficult and dangerous operations with entire success, on personsin the scatemention at this time is superfluous. I indorse, how- PKX81PKNT.-E. H. Hyde, 2d, Stafford.WL'&M I—efforts, "The Society is noi only out of debt, but has a sow*THE Inokxtution—the •o^r young men "wh in a meet flonri.-h HYon a bulletin of lypubhshed bythj some figuree whic Th«re are fifty-fool brary,ofwhichal added during ISS'J. eating popular bethe surplus Trhen t has commended i:s complain of difBm they wish. "Thelpointments and lit •mehto of the kind i be -f&und one bnr weeklies, monthbe hundred Foreign platter are dailies fr burg, Turin, Aust America. The ' Reading Boom, to|,, ;. •• ; •Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com--•-»• • ••• •••••- •-"• •*m • r t g a — n 