 enL is wanX X X V T T H• FTJBST SESSION.JSEW-YORKRepublicanticketwillbeelectedbyfrom3,000tn.5,000 composer. TheclosingsceneofhislifewasmoTau"IOWEDAYLATERFROMEUROPE. majority. The Democracy will find that the "Nutmeg choly. While on tho; eve of carrying into executiondooa s e t 5fe»r$8#§*<iriof. COBB*J od fa* last•UlTdicre M r . ) claim* t omty stand*MoCWJs*. W.Liule. (.Twito>La«LLookw»o«fc. ifaslL»h*u.jr. Secor. HsrfSeM.(V. MUU.J kffcler.CsoMwelfc. 'He i©at foe IVraocra-P'Orthew*y» t only ©wi- re, but tha. SE1TATE....AXBAKT. March 31, 1860. A number of petitions w*h> preeeoted for <ho.loca-" State is a grater " that will give them a terrible rasp- plans for an orcheal ral campaign, more extensi ve arid"iiU;'" " ":- - •-• ••• '^ '' :-•• ,/•.??/!••••,••i -m ••—•BRTLLIANT OPEJriHCr Ofthe TROTTXlWr1 gSASOTT. ^•--~»._ •_—..., «»—: .-•GREAT CONTEST BETWEEN 8TA£k*0ir&Kftfcan Allen Mntchvl n gnin»t Gmvrge' FT, IPnichen forThree Races.We have now a settled prospect of a more brills** opening of the trotting season t^an ever before took: place. Ethan Allen—hitherto known as the f&steeP- trotting Btaliion in tbe world—is matched again**majorityo fthe failure of tin* bi 1, a proposition wili bo iatrodaced ia the House to repeal tbe act of 1851 abolishing rail- road tolls, so that tbe Senate may buve another oppor- tunity of voting against increasing the cannl revenues, aadinfavorofon?ronstaxesonthepeople.From Albany.excreacensea b y t h e Assembly last eveniog. Those who think it wise to commence the construction of new canals, or extend old ones, wonld perhaps do well to study tbe history—particularly the fiuancial history—of onrlateralCanals;andtoassisttheminthatstudy,I proposetomakeaverybriefstatementinfigures, drawn from official sources, which may thro w light on the eubject. The expense to the State for the con- struction, maintenance, repairs, interest paid, & c , ofiw:LAPli [1,1860.U>A.gbeeu r&ti- mraodw ''*?•he P A C T . graatlj .. - » prep, a-4 ifieatioi »*- iftt Gor*>.a-le that gtswope of4 the U &d Covosi-rt t ITwhich,at ?:of twt-nty dollars each upon the delegates and alter-nates; and tbe Committee have to request that youtriumphs which only Jullien could achieve, and with which our readers are familiar from their recollectionsotheu* of of pair -u- y extolled >m personaS o m e o f half thoyfcervationa. on organs, ivestigatingDt-mocracy, nationality, and availability. there, Old Bennett."Stick a pinbe carried out. quite willing to pay his money if be loses, and does not" There is great wrath here against the Pope. I am desire to receive any unless his horse fairly wins. I a told that his Holiness has iemued another circular, still selecting a track and tho other preparations for thes t r o n g e r t h a n t b e ' E n c y c ' i c a l , ' o n t h e R o m a g n a a f -fair. I bave not seen the document, but it must be race?, he will be assisted by Mr. Horace F . Jones, iatr they bar* allegations letter,aad }W"To provide for a Police Couit in the City of New- York.—Mr. William Euston of Charleston,died recently, was worth fjom $3,000,000 to $5,000,000. He leaves all the income of his estate, real and per- sonal, to his widow, having no heirs, charged, how-iocs of his tiers have ig him aad taey detiistXT.cal operation. demonstrates is injuryof 'ariffi* havecontra fan- justify itsfrom the I expire ia abrogate*RioGrande :tb.ittime, &d instroe- i>nthe way,the respon-, ^eemedto stion.IDS.cl^seUdell sho i-l ter» for i »the mainCISTS.•ftheNew- easuretop nd Amboy tr-^irf*ith>SBAGK.»preciatioa M? a largoEnglish, as Marshal among the 10 remon-Jnrecogui- e last Sea* both exer- threatenedsin. M>.coolly, and ndiana, b e appointing-il 1,1860. souncemsnt Departmentetween tha cfor the a<*acjooat'or 6,hasbeen at, and thnaoar differ-:>mmtttee< pie tkat tho adinissiom.Congress a* -f Mjseouri» points: edaadpre- w (caaaoiog-th*ii itdoes.a »uJtfici>nJt «sx the pro- iBrritory, should OOB>-bnt be e x ->posuionom ^Qsasu&dMtSL 186P. sdostroyesl ng. ttAioemTo amend tb&act authorizing the formation of Town Insurance Companies.immediately precedes excommunication, has bsen sentto Turin. After a certain interval, the bull casting in hailing distance of the noblest animal onft-'r—Caleb Cushing says that " if Gen. Washingtonwere now alive, be would be a Democrat." If Wash-ington were now alive, he would be about 120 yearsold, but we have no idea that, even a t such an age, h e Rev. Mr. Hopkins. The Litany was said by the Rev. could doat so grossly as to turn Democrat.—[Prentice. Dr. Price of St. Stephen's Church, and the ante com-• f•CONGRESS.WASniKOTOW; Saturday, M*TCa 311 I860.•\. >LEGISLA TUREMi) MM.«l :«a;.}W Pfj••?"!*«*ft».•S5fl >SMB NEW-YORKDAILYTRIBUNE, MONDAY,APRIL2, I860.•v5icient monomerts, prayer* in tbo chur-ibes, &e. Let- teis from an ultramontane writer now in Rome 6tate that the agitation is so great as to make it doubtful whether even the French army will be able to restrain it much longer.speed between the two fastest trotting stallions on thaface of the globe. Last year the sport was killed e n -tirely by the disgraceful management on the track.•-tbere I'Bno doubt but that "bad rum and the want of " the necessaries of life was the immedi*te cause of his " death." His body was removed to the Station-Supervisors in nearly all the Wards.- B4of the sick and*•bad80certificatesthatWQUWbevotedon,onApril2,and before that time they would also have over 50more. It is of no coneequence to the public how the at Charleston is urged mainly by the holders of the•(subject t o the same conditions.that sheet you find him extolled as the purest of Re- publicans. But whatever his politics are, it is evident, as a Democrat and Conservative, he is going to but"one place. Both, will come out a t the same spot in the end. It reminded him of the negro divine who, though in the habit cf UBingbig words, didii't always strike the ri^htties to relatives. Af'er the life interest of the widow, and the reversion or lapse of the several charges men- tioned, the whole estate is given in trust to the City of Charleston, for the establishment and support of a re- treat for aged indigence, under c<^-tain conditions, one of which is the building of cottages for the use of the poor, free of expense. "....•—Mr. George W . Senter of Cincinnati, a passengerby the midnight express train to Boston on Wednes-day, rose from his eeat while sound asleep, stepped outupon the platform, and leaped off upon the groundwhile the train was in rapid motion, about four miles days. The annexation of Central Italy to Piedmont is•^rny*fftrTwnim^i!i«iiiiiiM,n'<mu.miT•»*»^<rV>Ss**-»*•>*«»»*U<n»MPSSJBSSBJPSSBSJIPIIIi...i.J..u_Li~..^.....-^_..—*.-.,:........TS.„.......„.,-.^—.-~ -- -; ;: -> v-••~-~ •• •Mof Qoeens. M r. Regan nominated M r. Beatty of Oswego Canal, 182G to 185s»inc.. 38 $5,747,340 57starvelings, unable to see beyond a dollar, and caring for no confederation except money. Threaten them, snd they will crouch to your, feet like so many hounds. Only swear that you are going to dissolve the Union, aid the timid creatures will get down on all fours, bite the dutt, and kits the rod raised to chastise them." T h e Senator applied this language to Northern .Republicans and Democrats indiscriminately. As if to show that it is no piece of empty bravado, the Charleston papers de- clare that the houses of that city will never bo so close- ly seemed and watched as wnen the Democratic Con- vention shall be in session, with its hosts of retainers precipitated upon them.next good day and good track, a t half-past 3 p. m ." Third race, two (2) mile heats to harness, for$1,000 a side, half forfeit, to be trotted May 30, I860, half-past3 p. m.—a good day and good track; if not, next good day and good track." I n the mean time, and with reference to the con-siderations which I bad tho honor to explain t i you in week apart. Tbe money on all the above races to b e- Orange. On the first b&llot, McClasky was nominated.Deduct tolls received..... Cayuz* »ndS«-nr.c"», 1826 to 1859. 231,628,060 50— 3,619,280 07 2,219,119 «663*017 M—1,585,202 6 2 2.748.S74 25322.M9 >ft—2,426,955 07 705,547Vtthe interest of Swiss neutrality, as if they were an in- tegral part of the Confederation, and declaring 'that ' (hey are to enjoy the nen rality of Switzerland in the ' same manner as if they belonged to her.'Repnblican massMeeting."Deduct tolls Chemung 1830 to 185930effective,own guidance. Tt ere is something inseparable between our recollections of the man and of a superb waistcoat and tbe whitest of perfumed gloves; but, for all the nanner that seemed affectation and the elation so plamly visible after his conquest of applause', there was a real greatness in the power by which h e brought a thousand performers into harmonious action, and car- ried the liitoner along, from t i e delicious fineness of a single violin note, through wave after wave of sound,BxmGKFORT, Conn. S^xurdsy, March 3l, I860. (Tbe Kepublicscns are holding an immense meetinghers to-night. The^r new " Homeeteau" is crammedto o%6rflowing, and tbe " Wide A«ak*e" are oat withmusic and torchlights to an extent that h^hta up thewhole city bke a tire. N„>r.hit»g likn ic has beea seenhers before. T h e wildett enwasiasm prova-Is. T a eHen. O. S. Ferry, Member of Congress from this. Dis-trict who is now addrcssiog as many of tne crowd as3S.120 03— 6 755.791 35667,427 09" Ic is understood that the above races are to be onecanfcetwniiinahoutiogdistanceofhim,wasescorted Baldt.rasvilleC'l,1853toI8t9... 104,499 20— 11,338211,109 79— 343 3*9 25177,833 2310,229 12Mr. Holcomb $50 for the privilege of naming the track, which shall be on the first day of M*y, 1860.to the camp in a baroauhe dr-twu by six horses, gaily decorated, and preceded by Waeet'ck'a bind, the Mayor, Aldermen and Cooncilmen; »«fcer these a large body of o n r best citizens. The Republicans are oonfi-identofagloriousvictory inthisc:tyandtheStateon Monday.The California Pw»y Express.ST LOCIS, Saturday, March 31, 1860. "We i e a m f r o m M r . S t e b b i n s . t h e S u p e r i n t e n d e n t , o f the Snee weft of this cicy, th^a t^»y commence receiv- ing despatches for the California Pony Express to-day.Each: message will be nambereo, and will beforw*rd«d from the first station of the telegraph line in Carson Valley in the same order as received here. Parties wishing their despatches to take precedence mast therefore send them in early. Tbe lines will receive despatches up to 5 p. m. of Tassday next. Triplicates wdl be sent, and every pTecaut on will be taken to pre- veut their destruction by wat*r or weir aad tear. Tne tariff from St. Lou's t o any poirt in Califoru a. inclnd-- mg expreee and all other cnarges, will be $5 30 for thefirsttenwords, and ten cents for each addition*! word;and if meseages fail to go through ahead of any other moneys in New-York C*ty. route, the money will bo reiundeo. The rates fromJiow-York a n d other Atlantic cif.es are $6 90 for tenwords, and twenty cenre for each adcitional word,186,892 41— 161.416 81$32,443,750 40—The CUveland Plaindealer boasts, in reply to The. to the grand clash and clang of the innumerable. • "JOSEPH HALL," J. W . HOLCOMB."Mr. HaJJ, the owner of Patchen, is a substantial mas cf business, residing at Rochester, New-York, where-BTews fromHavana.T i e Governor sent in a Message to the Senate, trans- mitting a letter from the Pilot C^mmiesiocersof New- York, asking to be relieved from their official duties, as they have not the power to enforce the provisions ofthe'lawunderwhichtheyaxerequiredtoact. The communication was laid upon tbe table and ordered to be printed. •SARDINIA.A letter from Turin, of the 13ch, in the Constitulion- attributes of a gentleman? Who could look upon theUEW.ORI.EANS, Saturday, March 31, I860.driver of Princees in her first contest with Flora Tem- ple last year, as he pulled the agile mare clean off h e r feet to lose the lace to Flora, without feeling thatTheHavana dates of the 27th inst.h a sarrivedhere withnel, says: " T i e meeting of the Sardinian Parliamentwill not, it is said, take place till the 12th of April.The King intends, when the expression of the wishesof the population of the Romagna is made to him in afew days, to deliver a speech, in which he will de-clare that he postpones his acceptance for the present,adding that negotiations have been opened for thepurpose of reconciling those wishes with respect for any of the tracks since the golden age of runningsteamer Empire CityOre^t excitement existed at Havana abont the cap- ture of the Main expedition, and the papers denounce thecaptureasanactof war.8ngar closed buoyant bat active a t 8£@9 reals- T h e rtock on the mariet was 180,v.00 boxes,against 200,000 last year.Molasses was sellinsr at 3 | reals.Ereiehts had slightly declined.Exchange en London was !$¥$ 14 percent premium^andonJSew-York2^3Apremium.Fires Near Boston..one, and in one case when,he was proaching, the fol- on Cities and Villages, reoorted complete tbe bill to lowing was uttered. His text was, 'Broad isHis kindred bruta might bid him blash fbrstamo?Bosrof. April 1, 1860.ASre in Brighton, on Saturdav n'wht, destroyed the Dime Savings Bank.and was not much hurt.—The Picayune of the 26th Btates that Dr. T. C.•Tbe Senate is engaged OQ District of Colombia tion of the City Hall cn Madison square, and one re- ing on Monday next.Q.magnificent than even his previousexploits —embracing a tour throughout the whole civilized world, accompa- nied b y a n army of orchestral performers, vocalists, and men-of-all-work—juet as he wascollecting hisbnsmeee.The House is not in fission.Railroad Tolls In the 8enate. A n u s T , April I, I860.IunderstandthattbeConfeTeooeCoosmictee onthe 5ailroa<J Toll bill bad a tnte'log Iwt ts\>niurf, a t which jjy, 8ew-t«nit, *m tbe part of *b« 8et»a'e. g*ve io big j^tition, which was, that the Ceotr*! pay the Canal fyai, $1,000,000, for tbe next four j ears; %he Erie, $240,000, and all other road* about $50,00t\ and tbat all jeetrkiions onfiue be wmoved. Toie proposition will of oooiee be rejected by the HOOH>, as it ahoaUl be. ss list the Toll bill must f&iL Mr. Setbipoe'B proposition •jrcnidgivetheCentralatleast$1,54^000inincreasedferes,whileitisreqoiredtopaybat$1,000000,thus making the bill worth $500,000 tothat c >ocern.There is to be another meeting ef tbe Committee JiefDre tbe final report, bat, if my iaformu'ioa is cor* 2«ct, with no prospect of ax agreement That the Central owns and runs the Seoa e. there can be no lengtra doubt on the mind of ai»y person possessing a thimbleful of brains *nd ordinary obeerv-ition. It is Bow quite cleat that the asseverations of certain Sena-mot stance against the same.Among the bills passed were the following: * ToestablishaNauticalSchoolintheHarborofNew-The steamer Bavaria arrived a t this port yesterday afternoon, and by her wo have received from our South- ampton agent a copy of TJte London Observer of the(Ky.) Democrat, has pub'fohed his valedictory, stating, with pecuniary troubles to such an extent that first bis. 18th ult, containing the following late news:ineffect, that after issuing that paper formorstban healthandthen biereason gaveway. Inthiscondi- ROME, March16,I860.—Thismorningagreatmani-two yeare as a moderate Douglas man, he can no longer tion he was, conveyed to an Insane Hospital, where he festation in favor of the Poj>e h a s taken place a t thedo BO" for conscience' sake." He proposes to start a died on the 16th day of March. Jullien was in his Vatican.tors that they would support toft* if the Chsaaogo andotherobjectionablemeasure*werekilto«Vwasbutadeceptive pretense, behind which they desired to skulk,Jn the betrayal of the interest of their too confidingconstituent*and of tbe S'ate. I utderst&ad tha% after stripped of the Chenango extension, and loog-look—Tbe Wood delegates to Charleston have been no-tifiedbjcircularthattheCommitteeofArrangements"have procured St. Andrew's Ila'l, Charleston, forwhich, and the expense of eome temporary sleepingariangfrncnts which the Committee are endeavoring tomake, if. hap become necessary to make an assessmeno years, ensued a series of those grand popularure* which vteie inter-ded. An Austrian General has arrived at Naples. The Embassadors of the Western Power8have given advice to the King.PARIS, Satniday, March 17.—The market opened ratfcef flat, owing to the dt bates in Parliament last night. Rentes,whichwerefirnquotedat67.95,closed at 67.85, or \ jper ceut lower tbau jc&ierday,Tbe following is a copy of the Swiss protest just de- livered to the French Minister of Foreign Affairs." PARIS, March 15,I860..'M. KKBIT, Minister of Switzerland, to M.Da THOCVKNKL, Minister o f Foreign Affairs."MONSIEUR T.K MINISTRE: In consequence of a dispatch from Berne. I am to inform your Excellency that the Federal Council have addressed to the Gov-track. All are for $1,000 a aide, half forfeit; to begta at 31 p. m., and to be a week apart, eo that if the first one ia postponed, the rest will necessarily be also.The tract is ntt yet determined upon; the owner ofPatcbenpave$50forthechoiceoftrack,audwiB very prcb»bJy fix open the Fashion Course, as that im now considered favorable to quick time. The seleotio* is to be made by tbe 1st of May.The following is the agreement for the race, whiok was drawn up and signed by tho owners of the *e~• epective hoT&ee on Friday lsst:".Joseph Hall matches his horse, Geo. M. Patcben,Ar-BA.sr, Saioro*y, tfaTch 31,1860.The Democratic Senators aod Assemblymen held a t'r-e several Canals of tne State, except the Brie andThis amount makes no provition for the board of dele- gates a t Charleston." Where's' Vanderbilt's eteam- SDJp?—Senator Wigfall of Texas used the following lan- guage,afewdajssince,inCongress: "These north-psnied by a monster orchestra, drawing great audi-ences, and admirably adapting our national melodioa tothe purposes of a multitudinous band. There was a Savoy to another power.good day, lie next good day and good track, at haif- patt 3 p. m.joint caucus to-day to nominate a cnudidato for Suoer-Champ'ain Canals, appears from the reporis of themarked scorn of conventionalism in his management. Ifhewishedtoproduceacertaineffect,andcouldonly do so by the introduction of gun-shots aud boatswains whistles, the shots and whistles were fearlessly intro- duced. If his mtisic was not classic, it bad at least a cer- tain largeness of combination, and w a s marvelouslyf I am to add that my Government regards in a par-ticularmanneranyannexationoftheneutralizedprovince*—Cbablais, Fauciguy, and the Genevoia—io an- otherPower,88mcontradictiontothestipulationsofdayofMay,I860—agooddayandgoodtrack;ifnot, the treaties ot 1815, which guarantee these provinces, inmtendentof Pab"»icInsertction. Seoat>rGrantpre- I sided. M r. Calicos nominated H?nry McClaaky of"Second race,towaqons,mileheats,bestthreexm. five, for $1,000 a e'de, half forfeit, to be trotted on 23dlumber jard. and on»ents, of 3. H . Fuller & Son, Tbe General. Appropriation bill w as discussed in •whoseloss JS$20,000,onwhichthereis$9,000inaar- CommitteeoftheWhole,amended somewhat,andor-tnce;onedwelling, andtwostores, owned byE. 8pariawkIces$7000,noinsaraoce;tbegroceryor Salmon Kt-nd«11 & Co.,lo*e $7,000, ir>snred $5,000; M»d two buildings owned by Cephas Bracked, loss $6,000.insured $3,000. Thefirewastheworkofan incendiary.A fire in Chelsea, on Saturday evening, destroyed ex dwellings, occupied bv nearlv twenty Irish fami- lies; lot» $10,000, insured $6,000.Seixxure o f a Sa.sp«ct€d Slaver .CHARLES TON, April 1, 1860. TbebrigJehossee,onaIntimatetr«dingvoyage fromh^re to the Coast of Africa, w*e overhauled aod taien forcible possession of by a British vessel-of-war,dered to a third reading.LOOK OUT INOI'KNINO OK A N E W CHURCH.—The congregation will lead you all to political perdition. So take the ad- •of the " Anglo-American Free Church of St. Georgear.d tl»e officers indignity.a n d crowmtreatedwiththegrossestAnother dispatch states that she is scuttled, and h a s ten feet of water in her hold, and that the fire is burn-BEOOKL YN ITEMS.BurningoftnesteamerKateIflay. whichhemaygotoreside. Undercoverofthisthe EvAKSvmLX,La-,Saturday.March31,1860. DemocraticCommitteeinonetowninthiscountyboast- The steamer Kate May, wi h 700 bales of cotton on ed last week that they should poll about 150 votes more than t b e Republicans dreamed of—that they alreadyineulogistictermstothesuccessfullaborsoftheRev. Bath,Me.,in1855,1,278tunsregister, ratedl\,and takeplaceouTuesday,the3dinst. Thefollowingare Mr. Maiens, tbe foundor of the pariah, in obtaining is owned by R. Morse & Son of Bath. [By telegraph the names of the candidates nominated by all toohewd w a s burned a t Cannelton tbii morniog. T n e kuandeargoareatotalloss. Noliveswerelost* Tia fiie was the result of an accident.Fire a t Kenosha, Wisconsin.CHICAGO, Saturday, March 31, low. Afire at Kenosha, Wis , to-day', destroyed aU thebuilfNnsson Main xtreet between Market and Pearl«z«ptl$a2e ' dry goods store a, d tbe north side of 7BMaXt square. Lois estimated at $40,000, which is imnred for $10,000-PERSONAL.tbe property that was passed over to St. Luke's Hos-to Ellwood Walter, esq., Secretary of the Board of Underwriters.]parties:ColUctorofTaxef andA**e»*t»enti.—Thomas W.Field,Re- publican; fcimiind Drijg*. Regular Democrat; Henry Anjrsw,Escape o f aConnterfeiter.however, but very few of these classes present, ac-cording to the best informa ion which our reporter couldobtain; three or four thieves and two harlots, con-siderably less than the usual proportion. This was nat-ural, .as these people, when they do attend church, donot seek to attract attention; and to be present last Aldermen are elected in the evenly numbered Wards, evening was to be a target for the coldest and most un- only.*^ NXWABK. N.J-.April1,1860. Gtsrjze W . Wilson, recently arrested for passmg ecuE'«rfeit money, a n d aw&itmg trial, escaped lartv>thl from tbe Essex Coonty Jail by meane of false keys Jeaving the door open bebiDd him. It ia regard- ed aa fortunate that there was not a general jail deliv-ery.Accident*PHILAOKLPHIA, Mareh 31, 1860. An accident occurred ar, Owner's ?nrnace, near this place, at noon today, bv wheh three brothers named Thomas. Samuel and John S<on*b*cfc we e iojured, the ttro first /atally and the iaiter al-ghtiy. T n e accident vae caused by some haulers of s-ote dumping a loadinto the jphtctt where the men wera wor*ing. <s>SlnsnSar C»»e of Shooting.NASHVILLE. TKNK.. March31,I860. P. P . Trevitt of Sparta called o? T>r. C*rrow for pro- fee*iota! assistance at tbe Comme-cal Hotel to-day, and while the Ja«ter WM writing a prerwrtptwa Trevitt ehot bim,.killinghaainstaixtiy. Tneactis attributedtomaiaaapotu.-• ^n>iX>eath of Major F . If. **»««'ST. LOCIS, StMuday, March Jl, l»b<L Major F .N. Pa^e V. S. A , oied at Fort Smith,Arkansas, on tbe 20tn inst.galling of tt»«#Worth Briton.pOKTLAisn, Me., Sataida>, March 31, i860. Tbe steamship Konh Wiiton *ailod at 4 o'clock thisafU/noon for Liverpool.THJC rlA'/r. ISAAC Tow>s>;Ni>,--Mr. Isaac Townsend, a wealthy retired meicoant of this ci«y, died yraterday at his reeictaee in W«»t Twenty fifth atreet, in the fiftj-fiftii year of hi* ago. Mr. Townsend held severaThe following is the law of this State thereon:be elected, there speculators would receive $(5,000,000 for a debt bought up for $600,000."he boldly vindicated the free church principle, and saidX . Cbarl«-«.J. Shepherd. Xll. .Charles Parker.Daniel Green. Denni* O'&eefe.plaeesoftrustatthe(Weofhisdea^-b,beingVice lawa.Mr. John Gilsrd, No, 127 Fourth avenue, in eons** Mfas ••. grasp, fell upon the head of his wife, who was follow- Buchanan, Gen. Scott, and others, having failed him-— Mrs. G. went in'o the store with a lamp, when the go*Presidtnt of the Bank of the State of New-York, and aDirectorinthePanacealiaiiroadCompany Hevwas I&LMamomber of theAlms-.Houee Board,and served \ont year as President of that body.MrE.C.JohnsonwaselecteddelegatetoSyracuse m Friday last from the XYth I>istrict, instead of Mr. ir>ja Buxen.For upward of 20 years, I have cast my vote at, him. Mr. Van Wyck. not having been struck, made eveiyeltctioninthisState,andhavebeenengagedin noresii-ta^cetoMr.Hindman. Affcorsomelittlecon- each conteft; but never have I before seen such a versation among the. friends of the patties, growingontoftieaiQiir, tbey separated. Outofthesefacts bave grown all sorts of rumors of a desperate collision, the exchange of blows and exhibition of deadly weap-inghim.Theunfortunatewoman'sskullwasfrac- recommendsthathetakeupthePrinceofWales.ignited,andsetfiretothestockandfixtures.Damage to the amount cf $400 was sustained before tho flaruo* couldbeextinguished.water before the firemen arrived.TbebillrelativetotheforeclosureofthemortgageIntholawsuit against Biuhop Uupanloup,theAt- torney-General proposed to-day to reject the complaiat broughtforward bytbeeditoroftheSiccle,andto—TheJacksonMississippian printsSenatorBrown's tim* and passed. property in Kansas," but rather mournfully says it issuccessivelystudiedthepracticeandcapabilitiesofeve^-orchestral instrument. When a young man; he admit thatOfthe heirs of the late Bishop Rousseau, whorelief of the Stockholders thereof, was read the third .speech in favor of his bill for the protection of slavebave likewise brought an action agauiat Ai. Dupanloup.Oeduct tolls Crook*dLakeC'l,1831to1859.. 8b^doct tolls received Chenango Canal. 1833 to 1859... 97Dvdnet tolls..'.Black River Ctmal. 1889 to 18C>9. 99JDeduct tolls received Genejee Val)e> C'l. lB37io 1859..129as renderedb yb i sown orchestra,underhisDer uct toll*Oneida Lake Canal,1841 to 1859.Deduct tol»» received . . . .1"The above races to be trotted on one of the three tracks on Long Ifland, the money to be placed in theDmlnct tolls received-.... Oneida Biver imp..1839 to 1859. 20 .Deduct tolls received..... Total;that it wonld submit this question, shall have decide-i." I avail myself on this occasion, i-Cj, K E R N "The Paris correspondent of The London Times, writing on Friday eveniD^r, Eays:Here it will be seen that 460 miles of lateral canals have cost t h e State about thirty-two millions and a half more than it has received back in toUu. The total tolls received on all tbee-e canals up to the present time amounts to less than $4,000,000; while t h e Erie and ChampJain Canals, 445 miles in length, have c o n t r i b u t e d t o t h e c a n a l f u n d t h e h a n d s o m e s u m o f $66,899,022 67. The above figares are instructive.The Metropolitan PoHce bill was discussed a t con- aid* rable length in the Senate to-day and ordered to a tbrd reading.1 he bill to authorize the construction of a railroad from Grand-street Ferry to Newtown, Kings County, was ordered toath'rd reading. Also, the bill to ex- tend the charter of the Atiant'c Dock Company.Among the bills read a third time and paused in the Senate were the following:N. Y. Herald, that " Mr. Douglas will go into the Charleston Convention with one hundred and Iwcnly- eigJti votes certain, all obtained by his opposition to the Lecompton policy, and he will receive a two-thirds vote o n t h e second or third ballot, which additional v o t e w i l l b e g i v e n h i m o n t h e s c o r e o f b i s s o u n dstiinged a n d wind instruments, bells, cymbals, a n d drums, that worked together to overwhelm us with the tempest of their sound.—Mr. Alfred Willis died on Friday night, very sud- denly, in Brevoort place. He was the son of the late J o h n R . W i l l i s , a p r o m i n e n t m e m b e r o f t h e S o c i e t y o f Friends. On ibe death of his father he was elected a Director of the Fulton Bank, as his father's successor, an office which he held for sixteen years. Deceased was for a long time a member of the house of Willis &. Brothers. He retired from active business in 1342, in possession of a handsome fortrjpae.—Senators Latham of California, and Mallory of Florida, are at the Sk Nicholas. *" It is thought that the Prince of Carignan will beGovernor-General of Tuscany, unless, indeed, the I m -perial idea of a separate State—an ' autonomous' one— he is extensively engaged in manufacturing. H e isIn jelation to bank depoeits and custodian of publicWe do not believe that there is any good rea- I hear that the second monitoire, or warning, which son wby a man, the moment he comes with,To provide for the opening of East New-York ave- nue, in Kings County.refers you to The Conservative Republican, and in ever, with the payment of certain bequests and annui-forth the Sardinian monarch from the faithful will be issued.^t h ecommunion ofearth, should degrade himself t o t h e character and condition of a ecoundrel and swindler. W h y can- not the owner and the driver of a fast horse retain t h eIn the Assembly,Mr. Downs, fromt h eCommitteeIf w e bave real, fair trots, thia season, w e predict: larger crowds to witness them than have beea uponconfirm the grant of the Common Council for a rail- road in the Ninth avenue.Mr. Wiley, from the Kailroad Committee, reported a bill authtrizing a railroad from Huntington to Hunt- er's Point, Long IslaDd.TheSei.atebilltoprovideforthereorganizationof the New-York and Erie Railroad Company was read a third time-and passed.The Assembly concurred in the Senate's amend- ments to the bill to incorporate the Wiliiamsburghthe road that leadeth to death, and many there be who go there; but narrow is the way tha;, leadeth to life, and few there be who take= it.' ' Be- loved brudders, thar be two roads, ebbery body goethe rights of the Holy See. Unfortunately these nego- tiations will not, it is feared, lead to any resalt. The crisis will, therefore, be only postponed for a fewhorses.One of the prettiest Bashaw horses in the country ia the young etaliion Lightning, now coming five, owned by Mr. Spearing^ a proofreader in tko office of The N. Y. Herald, In form, especially ia bis necV, be strikingly resembles his renowned sire, Black Bashaw. H e is kept in Bucks County, Pa., a few miles across the river from Ti enton, N. J .Thereisnowonexhibition at the,stables ofMr, Horace F . Jones, N o . 139 Mercer street, a five-year old stallion called New-Jersey, sired by George N . Patchen, out of the thorough-bred mare Patcey An- thony, He is a dark chestnut color, good size, with a clean head and neck, and is quite a handsome horse. He was bred by Mr. Maillard of Bordento^, aad was purchased at his public sale by Mr. Buckley, theformer owner of Patchen, for $2,500. He now be-GREAT FRAUDS CONTEMPLATED.Correspondence of The N. Y . Tribune. -HARTFORD, March 30, 1860. This week has developed a fact of tbe most startling character. I t is that the Democracy contemplated poll- ing thousands of votes for their State ticket by means offraudulentcertificates. Oarlawsallowelectors who change their residence from town to town, to takefrom the Town Clerk where such person was made a -voter a ceitilicate that h e is a n elector of this State. Such certificate will allow him to vote in any town,invice of the speaker, and cut for the Republicanwoods."tbe Martyr," which has heretofore worshiped at No. 680 Sixth avenue, removed yesterday (Palm Sunday) to the new church on the north side of Forty-fourth street, between the Fifth and Sixth avenuss. Morning prayer wasoffered bytbeRev.Dr. Morris and theThis ftatute is imperative, and the Selectmen are LIABLE TO A FINE O F FIFTY DOLLARS for failingtocomplywithitsprovisions Thewholeact ought to be familiar to every pereou concerned in granting certificates, or passing upon tbe qualifications ofelectors, Seetbepublicactsfor1858,page35.. SJ441 607 23— 6.314,184 12 6.1W.241 5150 445 12— 6,071,796 3 9 11,868,78« 04449,3^2 16-11,419,425 88 2f»,83* 51put up the day before the race a t 12m., and when up, to be play o r pay, a t Horace F . Jonea'a stables, No. 139 Mercer street.CONNECTICUT!the Conservative Republican is th e narrow road, andTopreparethepubbcminsforsucbfraud,TheN.Y. WjckofNew-York; andMr.HindmanofArkansas,Tully'eplace,andthepoliceoftheSixthWardsay towhomHesaid,goandsinnomore,woreprominent. ThereareindependentcandidatesforAldermenand.Htrala last week prophesied J m t the vote of Connec- ticut would be 100,000 this Spriug. The exciting elec- tion <f lafct Spring polled less tuan 79,000, arid a full,in front of tbe National Hotel. Tbere are variousii-terpretations of tbo affair afloat, but tbe following Iobtained from an eye witnessi.lklr. V an Wyck wasstanding upon the front steps of tbe hotel, with Mr.Stuait of New-York and Mr. Lovejoy of IlUnoia. M r.Hindman alighted from a carriage,' a n d w a s passingnear the three gentlemen named above to enter thehotel, when Mr. Van Wyck saluted him with a bow,snd tbe words 'H o w are you, -Mr.Hitdman.' The Ward, and keeps two other rum shops in the city.Mr. Corbit very earnestly and impressively extended tbe scheme of salvation to thieves and harlots, dwelling with great emphasis on the continual danger in which••-•••hone«f vote 90. ('CO.o fthis Statecannotexceed85,000t oS b S b •wiUth wUh1ich he compared theof the place where this miserable drunkard met his teiTors and tortures of hell, n o pain-ea, ,m gwwiu^ ^ „ A W r t T t t -,_This election is being contested, vote by vote, and wHst'-ever way it may be terminated, it will not be settled, ;>y the personal popularity of either ticket—fordeath, is one of the School Inspectors of the Sixthcolors, the dangers, temporal and eternal, which the burglar dares in the prosecution of his profession. Alto- gether hissermon was calculated to do much good topeared before Judge Culver of the City Court on Saturday, in answer to the injunction order restraining tbe Common Council from using moneys to inflaenoePOLITICAL.York.To legalize the proceedings ©f the New-York Com- —Thomas W . Dawfibn, editor of Tlie Louisville forces a t Paris for this purpose, he became harassedmon Couucil for improving Eich*,y-third street. TopreventencroachmentsontheNew-York Harbor. To exempt family sewing.maohinea from levy underan eaeimion.t o incorporate the Franklin Savings Bank of New- Yo»k.P ARIS, Saturday.—The Patrie publishes a letter town, on the. 23d of April, 1812. His father was from Turin stating that the question of the annexationBtxa'ght-ont Republican paper in Clay County, and To insure punishment for violation of the elec- says:48th year, having been born at Sisteron, an Alpinetion laws.To incorporate the Minstrel Fund Association.mASSEMBLY.The hill to confirm tbe Ninth-AvenueRailroad GrantbytheCommonCouncilofNew-Yorkwasorderedto a third reading.bonds of the New-York and Erie Railroad, and for the" To carry a double face during the ooming great strupple between right and wrong, in our opinion, wonld.be highly criminal; therefore, w e were very Rlad to sell out at the first opportunity, that w e might have our limbs free to fight on theside of right at the next, election; as also that each party might have a paper to represent them."bandmaster of a Swiss Regiment, and from himthe boy learned; the rudiments of the art inwhich he was to become so renowned. Having lost avoice, which was singularly beautiful and strongiachildhood,heturnedhisattention moreexclusivelytoorchestration; first learned the use of the violin, andof Savoy has been definitively settled between France and Piedmont.led a military lite, conducting a regimental band, and Tbebillaspaesedwasagreedonbyallpartiesin toolatetotrymakingthataSlaveState. Saysthe beingpresentatvariousbattles,atoneofwhichhehavebeensentintoexile; otherNeapDitanshaveinterest.The vote on striking out the enaoting olauee of the" G. W . Sherman Relief bill" was reconsidered, a u d the bill laid on tbe table.The House took up the Annual Appropriation bill.From Our Own Correspondent.ALBANT, Saturday, March 31, 1860. The bill to provide for the completion of the Canals was, as you have already been informed by telegraph,paper quoted:" W e VOTV much fear, however, that ' the golden opportonify has been loet,' and that the adoption at this late period of what in Douglas parlance ie termed a 4 clave code,' will be like locking the stable door after the exit of the stolen steed."was severely wounded in the shoulder. Finally,he went to Paris, where, receiving instruction from such masters as Cherubini and Rossini, his peculiar orches- tral powers rapidly became developed, a u d h o soon found himself before the public as director of the con- certs of tbe Champ Elysee and the Royal Academy balls. Thejealousyofrivalsathisinstantaneous popularity finally became powerful enough to drive bim away from Paris, and he took refuge acrosB the British Channel. Then at London, during twentyAll the races are conditional on a good day aad AController, to be as follows: Kings.SenatorLawrencenominatetIt.W.DowningNameofCanal.Mile*inleDRth.Grossexp.NetExpense.ernpeople,ofallparties,areamean,despicablesetof—Mr. Henry B. Stanton, in one of his speeches in Rbode Island, confessed himtelf ignorant of candidate Sprogue's politics. " H e , " said he, "could nowhere findouttheexactandwholetruth. Asnearashe could ascertain, he bad no politics, or else he had a varied assortment of the article. If you ask him, ' Are you a Democrat?' he refers you to The Post, a Demo- cratic paper, which asserts his soundness in the tenets oftheparty. Ifyonsay, 'AreyouaRepublican?"hewhom Le has great confidence. Mr. Jones is tho pro- prietor of tbe neat, extensive, and elegant stables N o . 139 Mercer 6treet. It is to be expected, as well as hoped, that under the control of such men the trotting'-•tmtaiutni^rmMI•••••<•-HIMmow ••y:«wiiaim : flllOl im - '^A **>;t ,, ;--'*•.*(«'./'j-/-r^rr?^'*W/^*r^'*v*?.7i**^--*r'i^»^r''^^f^'rt .-...':'.•^•.^^iiSJ*'-mTHETtliF.willwithoutdelayremitthesaidamouut($20)toJ. ofhiflateAmericancampaign. Itwasin1853-4that H.Brower,No.45Southstreet,New-York City. hemadethograndtouroftheUnitedStates,accom-ernmentofhiBMajesty,theKingofSardinia,a'note sgaini-tJ.W.Ilolcomb'sboree,EthanAllen,inthe inwhichtbeydemandtheraaintentDceofthestipula- followingraces:tions of the treaty of 1564, confirmed by the treaty of " First race, mile heats, best three in five, to har-1816, between Sardinia and Switzerland, in so far as ness, for $1,000, half forfeit, to come oft" on tbo I6tk they relate to th e cession of th e actual territory of day of May. 1860--a good day and good track; if not ainoneorudderob'em;tliar'soneroadanddatamde eaetofWercoster Fortunatelyhofellinasoftplace, everywherea:eepted whhthegreatest enthusiasm.bread road, and dat leads right down to damnatiou,and a grate many goes in.it; but dar am auo.drfer road,and dat am de narrer road, dat leads straight up to per-dition.' 'If dat's the case,' said an excited coloredbrother in the congregation, ' dia nigga cuts for de son College, departed this life at hisresidence in Sharonwoods.' Soitis here. TheDemocracyisthebroad onthe22ainst. road, and will lead you all to political damnation;andThis great event will be celebrated hei:e byfctesjof all kinds.Tbere will be a grand representation at the Theater Royal, a t which the King will be present, accompanied by tbe members of the Provisional Governments, who will come to Turin for the purpose. At the end of the week,hisMajestywill,itissaid,leavethiscapitaland make a tour in the Provinces which have voted for an- nexation.One of the first acte of the Government as soon as the annexation shall have been declared will be to open a loan for one hundred millions,one-half of which will b e negotiated abroad and the other subscribe i for at home.MARINE AFFAIRS.BURNING OF T H E SHIP INDEPENDENCE.—TheRepublicansofCarbondale,Pa.,havehelda munionservicebyProf.Henry,oftheNew-York preliminary meeting to organize an Opposition party University. Prof. Haekley, of Columbia College, readOregon war debt, who have bought up the scrip at tencents on the dollar. It is stated in The Leader that" as the alleged debt amounts to more than $6,000,000,and as Gen.Lane, if elected President, would oi present edifice, and to whom the congregationwas course favor its payment, we have here an inducementRepublicans heard of this, but they immediately set in-quiries at work wh ch brought out corroborative proof,and no w the tocsin of fraud is sounded. As your pa-per is so extensively taken in this State, please urgethe challenging of every vote that is offered on a cer-tific-ite, especially in totfns of easy access to New-York. This can be done by any voter in each town. secure his nomination. In other words, should Lane operate with the parish. In concluding his discoursethat the Rev. Wm. P . Corbie would preach a sermon pnhHcsn, Bernard O'NoiJ, Regular Democrat; Samuel Graham. 8i*t«t Commitioner.—John Williams, Republican; Chari«*£-of very solid proportions for the support of that can- 1858 was caused by the refusal of Trinity church to CO; didate, and the expenditure of a large sum of money toVI. .Lucien Birdseye. V1U. James A V a n Brunt.Daniel MoLaoshUn.S. Wycaoff Lawroaoe. Charles Pranks.Tatars Sharkey.•"•W'bwnevnranyprisonahailapp>yatameetbgofthe Select-men and Town Clerk, in anj town in this State, for admissiontothe privi'*xvs of ao. elector, or for the {.rivilegeofro^wyf/i tuck strength of Mr. Douglas at Charleston, as it is 'pri- At the evening services several of the above men- tovn upon certificate from any ctht-r tow* in this Suit*, theS«0<?ctm«*n and Town Clork present at said meeting SHALL,UPON T H E REQUEST O F A N Y eJURCTOIt-OF SAIDT O W N , before admitting «ach person to t h e privielges or privi-l*g* for which b e applies, exaurfne said applicant, under oath,tonchirg bJ* qualifications therefor, and shail, upon the request ofany elector, as aforesaid, REQUIRE THE EVIDENCE, U N -D&ROATH OF AT LEAST ONE KMKCTuft of this State,residing <n *Ui town. THAT SAID APPLICANT HAS RE-SIDED IN THE TOWN where beso applies as aforesaid, theperiod of tim* by W in such «*»«, r^uued."John Rab'er. Martin Kalbfleisoh.—The following is Mr. Buchanan's estimate of the vately circulated in Washington^side.xvni..Ward I . Lother Karnes.I f . . J u s t u s T - Redfield.Vermont....'.Rhode Ib.'uud............ Connecticut.... Ohio........... L— Indian*Illinois.55 Michigan. ........«4 Wisconsin..8 Texas 2310tioned clergy assisted, and.the Rector again preached. The eeats inti.is church are free to all, and the expen- ses are tobe paid out of the voluntary contributions of tho congregation. The Parish has several lots of ground in Forty-fourth rreet, and additions will be made to the present edifice as sson as the necessary fundB c a n b'e raised. I t is designed to erect a building in the eht»peof a cross, and the present structure willfeeling curiosity. Every woman who was present wasaCPXKTT8OK0.. . . 1 3 11-Total.......... ......... ti —From tbe latest New-Orleann papers wo laarn thatMrs. T.L. Lemley, one of the victims of the recentpoisoning affair, died on the 26th ult. young lady, was expected to die soon.Tne Herald's Washington correspondent gives the following accountofadifficulty, which occurredon Saturday between Messrs. Van Wyuk of New-York and Hmdman of Arkansas:Still another, aformthetransept.»•, 'Thornton, the venerable divine and President of Madi-NEW-ORLEANS,Saturday,March31,I860. to the present Administration. Dr. Richart was Chair the Epistle, and the Rev. Mr. Muhlenberg the Gospel. yesterday for Liverpool, was burned last night.S . C , w h oman; J . D. Parker, Secretary, and Dr. Richart, D . H . The Rev. Dr. Leonard, Rector, delivered the openingBrush, and A. Conner were made a Committee for cor-, eeimon, and in course of his remarks gave a history ofreepondence.ACountyConventionwascalledatCar- theparishfromthetimeofitsfoundation. HaaUaded ingforwardoftheforemast. TheI.wasbuiltin THECHARTERELECTION.—Thecharterelectionwill bondrigoforthe20thofApril.ptal,inreturnforwhichthecorporationwaspresented —We are told that the nomination of Gen. Joe Lane with,twenty beds in the Hospital for the accommo-To THIEVES AND HARLOTS.—The announcement IndefNi-ndent DemocratCommxstioner of Hepairt and Supplien.—John C. Daryea, R e -th.attheret h ericha n dpoormightworshipsidebyXIV. Jvhn Allen. XVI.-FELL DEAD IN A RUM SHOP.—John Cole, a baker bytiade,40yearsofage,whilesittingiathegroggery kept by Mathew Tully, at-UMott street, laet night, suddenly fell to the floor, and expired in a fe w minutesXVII.. XVIII..XIX..James D. Sparkman.needyof theparish." There was almost a street collision this forenoon,fcbout10o'clock,betweentwoCongressmen, Mr.Van thereafter. Thedeceased wasa frequent visitorof thatinrelationtothepenitentthief,andtothewoman Constables and As&es&ors are also to be elected;Houss, to await the Coroner's inquest. The proprietorlat'er resented the salutation with a mpvemeut of the s> . -ft is an " irrepressible conflict," fur the prevalence, of a h*nd toward Mr. Van Wyck. wnich Mr. Smart inter- HoKKinLE Ac<:iDE»T.'-TOn Saturday, a married the classesfor which it was intended, aud .perhaps it Member* of the Legislature in, favor of the one-coat, "higher law" than that of the slave code—for the preted as an intended blow, but. Mr. Hindman dia not woman named Mary Tuoley, living at No. 616 Water was nbtloBt; for it was heard by, many business men ferriage biiL The argument was, however, postpone*...'rights of freemen and free labor, and the vindication by the'Republicans that freedom ia national—3lavery ouly eectional, and where it is sanctioned by positivereach Mr. Van Wyck. Mr. Stuart stepped betweenatd mildly remon-trated with Mr.' Hindman,, a«3 he. fctieet, was to frightfully injured that there is littleand many managing mammas who are watching and waitingforrichgpns-iu-law.» • • - * ' ' ' • •* »^g»jpjBgasjB»a«s*ws«^i«««»*ssa*saf^Bs»««w«a»Bias»«»s»ss«swss»«sss«sj»until Monday (to-d»y) at 2 o'clock p. m .Yesterday morning a fire "occurred in the store,ofstroggle between political parties T h e Democracybalk all the issues of their Congressional leaders, and havetakentowholesalelyingabouteverything,relat- ons,nothingofyhichhapponod."At 8 o'clock on Saturday night a fire was discovered in the fourth story of the teoement'bouse ISTo. 210ing to tbe canvats. Notwitbstundiug all their falso- hocdV and bribery and frauds, I honeutly beliove the—By the last sU;nmer intelligence roaches us of the death of Jullitn, tht celebrated musical touductor audetTeist. The police report that they extinguished ftpital,whereshewasattondedbyDr.Fisher,the wHlrafewiailsofwater. Thetirewascausedby Sullivanmeet,andanalarmraised. Theoccupants, House surgeon. Her wounds wero properly dressed, the carelessiiew* of ote of the occupants in leaving a ass'rted by the police, put it out with a pad or two ofde&iMed—remarking to Mr. Stuart that Mr. Van Wyckhad made a speech in. tbe House of Representatives inenlting to every 8outhern gentleman, a n d h e fMr. Hindman)couldnotpermitMr.VanWycktospeaktohopeofherrecovery. Herhusband,it appears,was carrying a heavy stove up stairs, when by some acci-Untitled DocumentAERiyAL OF THE BAVABIA.The Patrie aleo thinks itself enabled to state that the George N . Patchen, the trotting stallion formerlynegotiations with Sardinia in reference to Tuscany are owned at Bordentown, New-Jersey, who last Sunmerin a fair way of being concluded.The Emperor has received a deputation from Savoy. on several occasions' ehowed a lightning gait on thoLongIslandtracks. TbejBrrtraceissetdownforMay16,milehsata;be*t 3 in 5, to harness; the second, May 23. mile heats,beet 3 in 5, to wagons; the third, M ay 30, two mil* NAPLES (via Genoa), Marcb 14.—Six Ne*pol.taus heatSj to harness, best 3 in5.been informed that they may remain at Naples. The good track; if not, then the next good day and goo4 Court of Vienna has disapproved of the eevere meas-the audience which you were goodenougu to grantme on'the 13th of March, m y inatructions impose onme the duty of protesting formally, in the name of theSwiss Confederation, against every measure whichmaybavefor nsobject to annex these provincestoFrance, till such time as the Powers ol Europe, to h«nd8 of Mr. H. F. Jones. Mr. "Hall agrees to give which t b e Imperial Government h a s itself declaredvery strcng to justify the remark said to be made in avery high quarter, that the Popo would, from tbemanner in which he was going on, soon make t h e fa-mous pamphlet (Lc Pape et le Congres' a truth.Tbis means that, of all his States, Rome only would b aleft to the Pope, and the only occupation for himand for this Spring may be begun fairly, that the public the Cardinals the contemplation of the stirs and of an-longstoMr.C.W.BaibgateofFordbam,whoissaid The ship Independence, Capt. Merrill, which cleared to have paid between $5,Q00 and $6,0t'0 for bim.dationMr. Leonard made honorable mention of a member specially to thieves and harlots, last evening, in the Indepeneect Democrat.of the vestry who had contributed largely toward thedeeply indebted. The discontinuance of worship since city, in.8pite of the rain out of doors. There were,Greene-street Methodist Church, crowded that spacious Tinnej, Democratedifice, the. largest of the Methodist Churches in theAT,SXEMSXRepublican*Ward I I . .Daniel T. I,«verich. IV. Peter G. Taylor.Democrat*.looked upon withances, snd every man was supposed to be a thief. A tleast one would have thought so from the particular at-tention which everybody paid to his own pockets, and , toeverybodyelse. Imagine2>500meaeachoneofwhom was auspicious that the 2,499 had designs on hisown purse, and that tbe 600 women had equally mer-cenary designs upon his honor. Our reporter saw no one,exceptMr.Corbit, whodid nothave onehand V where hie money was supposed to be. The sermon wasbased on a number of passages from the Life of Christ,Patrick J . Hanley. Wm. ftfallen.(No nomination.) Isaac Badeau.John B. (Ullly. Wm. J . Osborne. W m Murray. Patiick O'DonnelL 0«renFoley- Samuel Smith. John L'aun-«fif. Edward AlcGlynn.PeterBreunan. Jam«s Campbell. Tho*. S. Dick. . John Garrison. Peter M. 8haxp,.suspicionby allexcept heracquaint-III..John J . StudwelL IV.. Samuel Booth.Y..s>u<}i+Yr J. Oenung. VI.. William Colt.VII..Stephen CrowolL VIII., Garret G. Bergen.IXx!."William"if. Thomas.XI..Francis C. Kirby. XIt..Alexander Ross.XIII..Benj-W. WiUon. XIV ..Grouse B . MoGnrth.XV..CharlesC.Talbot. XVITHK APPROPRIATION FOR FIRRY PnRPosKS.—Tho tbey stoodiof « / ' ^ " ^ ^ . ^ ^ " ^ r ^ ; I Special Committee on Ferry aud Water Rightsap-—The Toronto Globe, thinking that our Herald isdent heslipped,andthestove,eaoapingfromhis haVdupforacandidateforthePresidency—James queuesoftheignitionofaquantityofescapega/Ktured to a horrible extent, both her eyes were put out, hernosewaecrushed,andherfaceotherwisemutilated. She was immediately conveyed to the New-York Hos-'• , • • ^ — i ' At3o'clockyesterday morning a firebrokeout'onthe third floor of the teoement house N o . 37 CrosbyIAibut the physician thinks her recovery impossible.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069pail filled with hot athes in a closet.may have the satisfaction of seeing an honest trial of<s> i•mil iSKMSJwww.fultonhistory.com•* •«fwi£*>*yw.t.^"£<* i, 