 'CoBfllc't i*' Federal aad State Antharltlea. TBif 'TriCKELBOCSEN-WILLETT CASE.Jacoh Wiclic'ioutenvs. JamcaC. V^'etl.— The particulars of thi* case were fully stated' in the Tiaxs of February 10, at which time It was on trial atthe Special T^rm of the Sup"*rior Court, before Jus- tice HorntAn.It will be remembered that, la January, 1858, the H"ouse of Representatives commenced the famous FortSnellingInvestigation." ItwassubsequenUy found that one John D. Williamson, then confined in the jail of this Cotmty, would be an <<aportaat wlt- n^ss'in the matter. He was, accordingly, comtnanded to attend at Washtogtou by subpoena, but. of course, did not do so, as he was in the c>AStody of tbe Sheriff, tmder an execution against ids person at the suit of Tbe jury certainlv would hesitate before sending to the plaintiff herein. The House thereupon ad- ttie State Prison the unsuqiectlog tool of a designing judged Williamson guilty of contempt, and placed a rascal. The District- Attorney.then closed tbe case for warrant for his arrest to the hands of Mr. Sergeant-at- tile people, witli a few words to the jury. It was true Arms Glossbrenner, who came on here and de- the provisions of the law w^ere very stringent, but a manded that the nrieoner be handed over tg hU an bad only to pursue an honest cotirse to avoid custody by tlis Sheriff, exhibiting his authority. The flielr effect. Tbe prisoner, however, had jotoed with Sher)ffe5mpUed, and tbe result was this action for•"'''-•!—iCOaliBaiii TriinliiiiTguilty to as in the third and iotro attempt degree,lowlsg Benatars to assemble with blm anJ tbe Secre- tary of State at the State House on Tuesday, the 27th insL. to canvass the vote of the State east at the r»neot elrcilon : Wa HasDaicisoR, of Modmoutb ; Joka- TSAx Coox, of Mercer ; TsoiiAa L. Noajaoss, of Bur-MiMisimmIaAW KEPOBTS.vlraded gidKy te tte OM deaee, and was senlenoed electors, but our ophiioo is that three of them arei^inJ: !b«: i^; i^^;JS?" i^rtV/ -AdTm/rnfd to next M..nd«y.r^-^ PiiiJ.-i'*'-' /-Nos. IM4, 1578,2302,2303, MM ^Si 3c«, 2307, 3308, 2309, 2310, 2311, 2312, 2141, Sk' p«rt /f.-No«. 2239, 2184, 2077, 2188, 2196, 22W,!»»; Mir^*!". »'«» M'9. g*». =aa». iwo. «**.srtiiinai's Inamity was expected to be proved. dler, Thet. Clark, Cbaa. altljwhiro, and waked her husband, who made the cap'ure. Tie Court said Intoxication was no excuse for crime. The counsel said that In the presf^pt M's^"e"'"i•tmightrebutthepresumptionofintent. "';<=,. however, was not convinced; an<l sentenced the pns- oner to Six moi,ths to the Penitentiary.John H. Snyder, indlc-ied T.t Rrand larceny, was next brought to trli.1. The testimony lntroiliice.1 bythe prosecuUon proved the larceny by the prisoner of a check, worth »4S, from a Mr. Creamer, with whom he had bad some DUtlneii« transacdoiw. Owing to a variance between the Indictment and the proof, me C«.un instruct.^ the Jury to Bring to a verdict of ac-,MONETARY AFFAIRS..**, i89«, i»«, i<»«. te».«» Cou»T-/'arr /.-Nos. 1003, iaO», 1015,~-- '*. J4 lol-OasTt af Oyer »Bd Tenalaer.»BV»T8orJTBTIO*—ACOUSTWlrHWOTSULS— ooittal,whichtheydid. f,e,lonious ,.a»«anlt, guilty to a simple as ault and battery. But as Eleaarrp'eadred Irom statement/! made to tbe Court that the assaultwas of an aggravated nature, the prlsoberwassentencedoneyearto thePenitentiary. Ra;anna Murphy, indictad for grand larwjny. In atrpban eoidon. Indicted for the Ulegal sale of passeu- steaiioK a tilver watch, was next tried. The jury, ferticketa. Councetfor Snrlgfal asked for him a after an absence of const !erable length, reported that they »ere unable to atrree, and Uey were vherefore arparate trial, and postponement till to-Jay. Counsel dischaiged. The prisoner was remanued for trial be- krOoMonafted a delay lor him alM, as he had fore another jury. The Court then adjoomed till following cases•U£DOK, TBB nCKR^BWIilDLXK, OORTICTCD.again yes-Trial* in tfaia CoBit wen commenced iM^y,feeidraJndgeGonw.Tbe tnteua rallad wastliatof Juan Eaiight and* —< "hW»i lat»n»Bd that the trial wa« to eome oo to-this rooming, at 11 o'clock, when the will be taken up :4)V,«^>Uih*ir«ibron|Mherela castody of the ofi- Thecooosel had not been caUedam_>.-i«kM4aeiMni1x3.K to-day."wSether there were anr other the decklon, however, GorOun'sCAI.It5DAB. For robbery, Jobn Boxius.^I^^SSTlv For assault and battery, Daniel Hepburn, Wm. Ar-d-to iMaedUe trial, and the ease oft^f^S r. VraUaau. ladlctad for taorderitoTagkt, John Warren. Wm. Rigby, Morris Bunyan, Alexander Tomer, Henry Hinck.fcatidad that he first saw Gordon at his office in West-atreal ; he went to the office in question to get secondcabin tickets, for his sister, Mrs. Clioate, to go toCatlforala : the prisoner said he didnt think he eonldfat him second caUn ticfceU, and his sister then ob-jected to going in steerage, on account of her health :priaooer then said she should have a good berth andgacd fare, and attentton ; he said the price would be«Bchnadndaadeighty-sereadollarsandaIialf; sheVftm CMcinded to go ; witaess then asked wtaere bisalster eonld stay till the ship would sail next mom- times published. The action was brought by the TMa ; Cordon, painting at Snrq;tu, said, ' This man laSteward, and will take good care of her." Ea- nght aaid he should charge one dollar and a halfftuBBightl lodglnf for tbe lady and her litUe child Cotdon said he coald not have the tickets ready till;witness did not read the tickets after this tbe wttness was passing tlie nrisoner's door, wbea eord<ni aaked liim in, and told him to wait till afternoon, and he would give him a free ticket home, (witness resides in Massachusetts.) and that if be would pay twenty dollars more, his slsterfshouid have as fine a berth aa^anv lady in the ship ; witness had ctthemoney,andtnereforerefused, fhestatement of these last offers by the prisoner was objected tu by counsel, and ruled out by the Court. Prisoner wasmutSltphtnD. SiUayc—This case has been several plaintiffs as indorsers and holders ol two prom.ssorywhietathe otber;.bere shown a ticket but could not identify It.Daniel B. Alltiiy agent of Atlantic and Pacific Steam- ship Company, the next witness, stated that no agents but him>elf were appointed by the Company for the sale of tickets ; the prisoner was not appointed an agent, so far as the witness knew. A ticket was here shown the witness, who recognized it as one issued tn the Company, lie identified tlie sii^uature of the —be- was one hundredthe regular price for such a ticket ttcket-clerk —;ing for a grown person and a childwma/or him to prove it,Vq forther witnesses were examined on either side,and the counsel for defence briefly addressed the jury. He dwelt chleffy on tne theory, that Gordon was ttie innocent dupe of Enright, who was the real criminal.bk^partner In committing a fraud upon strangers and eaiigraiits. He should therefore be made to feelthCpendty of tbe law,TS« COtlri then explained the law to the jury.There is no hardship in a law which can only ptinlsh cfftadnaia ; and bo man who secures a written ap- poiatiaent la la the slightest danger from the present Cr. If the prisoner sold what purported to be atheescape of the prisoner and ju igment ileht ir of the p'aiittiff, althouzh it was conceded that Williamson was wholly Insolvent at the time of the SherilTs sur- render of him, and that he immediately returned to the jail limitsu-ion his release from the custo<Jy of the Federal officers.Justice Hof raaa held that the action of the Sheriff to the premises was justified, add that the plaintiff coDld not recover. "Tnat opinion was printed in full in the Tiais of a few weeks sln-^e.The plaintiff now appealed to the General Term ofthe Court, where the argument was yesterday heard, and decision re5er\-ed.was a genuine one or not, aad <Sd not prove affirmatively on the trial that he bad a written appointment, he must be convicted. The only que«tion,|therefore,!for the jury to decide nion, was whether or not the prisoner did make a sale ofwhat purported to beatioket. since he his failedto rroduee any proof whatever of his appointment. The jury then retired, and after five minutes' ab-sence, returned with a verdict of guilty.Tbe prisoner was remanded for senfenee until afterthe trial of Enright ; and the Court adjourned till this morning at 10 o'clock, when the following cases will he taken up:CAI.EKDAK.For homicide—Thomas Slavin, John Egan, Francisticket, no matter whether ItJiDriKht. U)rfi,7o Stewart and David Flnley. For lirktt-sAmdlino—J.inoes Enriehl.For felu'ilpuB astaiiTt— William MTilIigan.The FnndM af the Supreme Caart.TJiis Court has now on deposit in the United States Trust Company, to trust for litigants, $105,- OiO 12. This ueposit was recently transferred fromthe Park Bank by order of the Goueral Term.Justice l-T.oyltLD now entered the formal order that tlic City Chan.bf-rlain be required not to dUmrb thedepositii?,?L^'S?i^"i"n„"(,^'"^''""^»'« TM SunJay-Eiw.ird namman and Otto ilovin.except by the farther order of the Court. Terdiet ia the ainttoa Ciue.NOTICK TO (.OCNSELTbe Dhrtrict;Attoniey will l.crraftpr tHve counstlof this case were stotct in the Tims of at which Ume it was on trial before Justicem,aotlceufbnnginganyca,.;totrial inThefactofmdiclmeni and the fc^^ion o. 'win be deemed sufficient noiice.tnU CouT^^of theCourt. The after hearing tne evi-CavrtafGeneral ^cnxiann. BBVOIABR saKTKNCKD 10 gINO SING—a ihi> f !•?- 'CAPES BT A FLAW IN THE INDICTIU \T-- d\h- ASaziaiEXT or jmr i.v a trial kok im-iL. UTOXMUTIOH MO XXCUSK FOP. 0B1M>:.Ifoat of the cases yesterday were ilisDOm; i .,( wttboot trials before the Jury.Edwin Small, indicted for grand larceny, for steal-ing a eoat and an accordeon, was placed at tl.f 11 ir,and pleaded guilty to petty larccnv. He was scn- tenced bv the Court to six montlis' confinement in tlioM IKFSK COURT—Penitentiary. , , ,ThomasShea. indicted for felonious assault, put Inapleaol "guilty of assault and »-dttery w:tb an :i.'.-tempt to do great bodily harm." His plea was a--- eepted,andInorderthathemighthavetimetoputm of«o"cofu. mnlgathig affldaviw, the passing of sentence was post-poned till the firrt Ssturday In Decemier.Jpwph Baker, also Indicted for felonious assault on WUltem Totten, put In the same plea as the last pris- oner, and was -sentenced to State Prison for two years.TBI Besclt in Nkw-Jtrsit—The Vewark•• Wethinkno rcasonafcle doubt of the defeat of oi^e of th?Bell,,^eo«"sof ?erm"and" „,.n;;;,ri,,..i-n,,;; ""•;at the Circuit of the Court was, first, that Supremethe notes were discounted by the Messrs. Lelands, atBest daydeawnoed, and waited till the tickets were readvwiWB tbay were prepared, prianwr gave them to En-list, aad instracted him to give tSem to the lady£kright did as ordered, and toid tbe laiy which ticketati« >hould pay out this side of the Isthmu*, and vised. The second defence was that the VaBey Bank; witnessthenpaidtheprisonertheamount ;their Valley Bank, at usurious rates. The defend- ants testified that they obtained the bills of that banksixand twenty -five dollars ; the Directors of the Com- urer of the Society made the beneficiary. Since thatpany, by resolution, had delegated the appointment of agents to tbe President, Cornelius Vanderbilt. IIpou cross-examination, tbe witness stated tliat there are other special agents appointed by Mr. Vanderbilt, "who may also sell tickets ; there are none such, how- ever, in this City ; tliey are to Boston and other distant places.JtTtmiak Lttuaon, the next witness, tCFtified ttiat he saw Mrs. Cboate on the yortk Star last June, itavins in her possession a ticket, which the witness believed to be tbe one shown him. Tlw ticket which Mrs. Cbaate bad was a steerage one.Cast. J. W. Hart, of the Metropolitan Police, next te^iSed that he tiaa seen the prisoner in prison fre- qnentiy, and bad been asked by him what would tie donewithidscase. PrisonerseemedtothickC^ipt. Hart the cause of his bcine proceeded against. Tilc"Cat'tainnepiiedtohim, Yourbusine.-shasbrought{ou her^j nupe. as a policeman, wits to arrest you." i-nsAner said ue didn't know tiiat he was vio- lating the law, in overcharging on the ticket ; he had onlyactedforothers,andreceivedaopersonalbenefit for ills act. The prisoner said to the witness that he had sold the ticket, and should have pleaded guilty ia Conn at first, bad he not been persuaded by' the other pariy not to do so.date the beneficiary, together with two other socie- ties, have consolidated under the corporative name of the plaintiffs herein ; and they all join as successors and claim title to the bequest.The executors now refused to pay the bequest, con- tending that as at the time specinen for the payment of the legacy, no beneficiary existed, no party could now claim, and the amount named must revert back to tbe general estate of deceased, becoming a portion ot the residuary estate.The case was referred, and tbe Referee held that the plaintiffs could not maintain the action.Appeal was taken to the General Term of the Su- preme Court from that decision. The appeal was now argued and decision reserved.InriBgS.CampbellandJudgeEdmonds,forplato-Coonsel for defence objected at the close ofthis tes- timony, that no evidence had been given by the peo- ple that Gordon was not authorized to sell, and be was,therefore,entitledtobisdischarge.The Court riled that if the fruoner had a Itcenae itJSm CoMello, Indicted for a^For forgervj John Lean.nold alUt Amoux.^ For iislonion* assanlt, Jamea Tavlor, Geo. n.FacreeetvlBa stales gooda, Morris SolliTan ani htwmc—.-fct.jMa,OBthe12thofJalylaat, ratikkSidtTaa.SarahWard._ji jiigi^n ttg ka»iag nirr* tha death ofwaaaait eased aa, md «ld«<i*e*haaB8aolama«Brial«tooi^by«rti^Fa> lareanr. IMc Flka. _, „ _ ForBaBdIareaB«,Fatlidt Farral, Wm. O. Chan-Moio.po*P<w«»o«''^«5*^^ rr^iil osf Vtita nmaeeutian. npoet^pooBasoMot wasrcoiaeBt proaeeutian,CMUt af BpaHalPBArDCLIHT T0TIB8 IB COUBT—MSCHABG* «WIMBIOBT, CBABOXD WITH A8SAULTI80 AN Om-CIR—PBRTCABX8DlSPOStOOr.In this Court, yeetertJay, fifty-one cases weredisposed of as follows : Of twenty persons charged with assault and battery, four were discharged on ac- cotut of non-appearance of witnesses against tiiem,'Tbe ant caM called wai that of Martin HalUgan, d for murder In tba Mooaddenree, tn having the death of hia wife. Ifary IlaUIgan, on the rAoinctlast. ComuelfordefenceMkedpost- wM that he adght have time to examine the The .adjoummmit. after nxnch diflciusioo be* tmttm counsel. Court apd proeeeutioa, was aUowed. Aa the groniid upon which all the eases on the Cal- cadar were put oir, had ISeen that insulBcient noticeMdbeenreceivedbyeoonael,ofthetimeoftrial,the twoweredischargedbyrequestofcomplainant,fourC«uit mgiiatted ihatiiUier more care should betakenby the praseeotion in giving notice, or else that noBOiice thottld be giv^n at all. Accordingly the Dis-Met-Attomcy uroclalnied that hereafoer no notice were Imprisoned. Of twenty-five persons charged Wkatcrer would be given to counsel, of the day ofW^bntthatthesession of.the Courtwouldbecon- itftpni sodMeat notice to counsel to be ready every dai. ^ttentionof gentlemen practicing in this Court li dtreeted to the notice at tbe foot of this report.with petty larceny, one was discharged because noCharles Manhattan,^dieted for murder mthe trstdagm inhaiviag Btal>bed. with a meai-kntfe, Hichard-•aai Oray, on tha lOth of September last, by advice of piisoned. Five ea'es of lUegal voting or registeringwere of as follows •eanael, pleaded guilty to manslaughter in tbe first disposed:In the case of fhOinasdagrcb. and was remanded for sentence until after the Ttatoor It appeared that the prisoner had been taken Mai of Thomas Slavin, indicted with him, wtUch rut of custody on a writ of habeas corptu. Henrywwild Mhr derelop the facta in the ea»e.Tbe ca^i of Staven G<Nrdon, indicted for ticketWilson did nut appear when his case was called, and it was therefore postponed, his bail forfeited, and an attachment issued against him. Jotm B. Jackson,midlisa, was then proceeded with to the extent ofimpsiineung a jury, when a hitch occurred ; some whose trial we reported on Monday last, was sen- Impertant witness having ' steppda out," a scene tenced one mouth to the Penitentiary. Ja^oes•( " a sunpended action," or " p >wer in repose." oc- enmd. Ten of the jurors, the prosecuting officer and the bar devoted thenu^Ives with assiduity toScoles, w hose trial we also repoRed at the same time, received the same sentence. John Bryaut, trie 1 at the same time, and remanded tutli to-day for decision,readingthepapers—thecourtengagedinaquietch^ wasacquitted.wUh a Mend—the clerk with poised pen awaited Mming events, and tbe reporters refreshed the inner actibe wkh lunch, or went out for a breath of fresh air.Tbe postponed case of the notorious Jolm E. En- right came on yesterday for trial. The testimony ai- duced proved tliat two strangers in tbe City had gone to Enright's sailors' hotel to stay ; but finding that tbeyAt length, when all patience was exbausted, ttie•aaeptnceededataventure,witlioutwaitinglong'er wereInIhewrongplace,deterininedtotaave.Thepris- fcalhaabaentwitBesa. oner refused to let them have their baggage, unlessbariatant nsMrt-Attorney Anthen, before examin- tbey would pay him three dollars. But as they hadIbaoftBoecbargad^aad eaplained the law for its pnn- expense, they reiu^d, and procured a police officer, MtBent. Tbe statitte«iiaeted ttaatooty the owners of tlie complaliiing wMnesa in tbe pcesant caaa. to go ifclpl, imd agents reeeMnf a wrUt*» appointment, to tbe haiise ana assbit tkem In seciurbic their rigbis. aboold engage in tlie sale of passenger tickets foirthose WitboMtaving anjr written warrant or order, he did Aipa. Alter a atateaient or tbe facts ezpeeted to be Si, and while at tbe hoaie was assaulted by tbe pris- proved. oner. It was for this assault that the prurmer wasJamaM.Pu»lue,tbefirstwitaeas,wascalled. He nowarraigned. TheCourt,npuneondderation,de-l£ttth< thenatureof takennomealsattheiMnae,andreallyiBCnnednp _ , Itothejurywere i nder one was discharged suspended judgment,remanded for sentence, two were fined, and sevenwitness againsthim, two were disdiarged appearedby request of complainant, two w ere discharged under suspended judgment, lire were acquitted, seven were remanded Jur sentence, and eight were lmprisone-1. One person convicted el malicious mischief was im-cided that as tlie oficer bad exceeded his powers, andwas really a trespasser, the prisoner was justified to his action, and was therefore entitled to his discharge, which was ordered. The Court then adjourned.The I^lBBds aad the << Valley Baak.>' BTKFHni D. DILUtTl'8 PAPEB DISCOUMTID.Amot Robbins and Bli Robbitu vs. A. Henrynotes made the defendant, byD. and DUlaye,Stephentodorsed by Henry A. DUlaye. The defence on the trialfor the notes, supposing that they were goodbut subee- quently offered back to the Lelands, and were re-;was insolvent at the time ttie notes were there dis- counted, and that tbe Lelands knew such to be the case when paying out their bills for the notes in suit, and that they fraudulently kept the fact from the de- fendants.Tbe jury found for the defendants on the trial, aidthat were theyfarbelowpar value,and werethis was an appeal to the General Term from the ment entered on that verdict. Case argued and de- cision reserved.B. G. Hutchings, for appellants ; Tracy, Powers and Talmadge, for respondents.Charitable Bequests.AN IKTIBE.STINa QCXSTION Of TITLE.The American and Foreign Christian Union vs. James S. Chandler et al,—Peter Chandler, at his death, devised to the American Protestant Society$6,000, payableyearsafter hisdeath, to the Treas-tiffsiH. Sheldon, opposed..\8hley & Maurice for appellants pool for Sheriff.;A. J. Vander-Henry Ward, inuicted for grand larceny, pleaded electors, Enacra Baiwia, on the Fusion ticket t\guilty to an attempt, ar J was sentenced two years to et»le Priscn.Michael Toot, aliai Norton, indicted for burglary,thoufh It is not certain wMch of the Re .uhHcans i« successful. -The Totals close between the fiur Pusjon elector! not on the Douglas ticket and the RepubUcanUntitled DocumentD. Wallace vs. James —The McCarty.Alonsoparticularsye^terday,Leoxabb, at tbe Clicuitjury came to the conclusion,dence, that the transaction was a valid one. and thU it should be sustained; aad notwithstanding the one cent per mutton-bead-usury set up by the defenc:e,verdict was given for the platotiff. for the entire sum claimed, a little over $8,000.13. W. Dodge, for plaintiff; A. R. Dyett, opposed. Deeialona.CIIAMBEBS.Wu/(,r ../\|m;il.osrid.imfacrhra.r—gMeotion denied. ...,'""'t"t''' •'•"'-"'''"' vs. .Snui*.—Commissionerscfn.^rj'' •'^''" V-orl- if^rjiv ro^Tipany.—Motion"-• '•-'""'-Motiongrantedonpayment.SLTiiKiiLANi), i,— Habeas Corpus of Peter «"'j,<-.- Mi.tio.i denied.?," z,.^ ',f"-''l"*'"'>"f'•"'^'^ "f notion.'''•^'""' °" '"^''°"'°' "^M.rcury of yesterday:therf^LesaysSupreme9tjit yitm-Uwk9•'If '[•?'! •^'***."<»*»«o8«^I''*«»-ratrick Laagdon, indicted for burglary, plea;1ei (lerturs only 441. Got. Oum has noHfled tbednred witnesaca to prove that be was Intoxicated atthe time that he committed the offence. The state-ment of the eoaplalUng witness sfaoweJ that theprifoser attempted to pull open the front shutters,withont any apparent eHort to avol.l miiltlni? uolw. lington ; Jahis Cahfiill. of Somerset bat even talked so Joud that the witness' wife heardjudg-^electiid. We make the Fosiao maiarity on these Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 