 ma,e-M U Id2 itid id ». Kmniatraitfa oi anca aeystaa weald laveiee, may wet. we q-rat.itaed The sntijort a eoatnended tntbec-L siderat ou of Ooogreanaa ^e of axncu Banortance.*B MW *ro-b a plan as has Does <mg^esu!d be devtsei to.; •nee !Bfoir» oarrted l^to eveeotlcn not the (east of IS ad14 r4I* 14 I* tTbe w/aote Bsawsr ef penateaers sf all classes sew re- BMtBttwg oa tee ratal to 11.884. tad tta tarn required to !• uaaptod to lead He toJoeeea uedat by reducing toe rate upon them, a muab desired aecom have deferred their removal from their etd noma aad tee in severalty by tbe adivMtaal members of tbe tribe. pay tbea peteiou to 81 001 018 96 larrteg ths p a tii( 1part *f th* aosani mnSSTtT * >ofnrl>Ofttattty MO»'I —MllllS*/mate Stated. ,1isf saesx* d-knUllW tofarms iare-enipasa tews, a she !FssuDyTarrttwy t h a Iaa not*1 af aay pnblte >teOaOhfaiasates,sadIroocmsf Waaatogaa aati- of thu depar-mat, bean- , to decide u p a the validityaat ftogsrwfcwBaaagrwaraas Coapaay, 1 sf the "farau" aABA •tttffeflM Ml M l «4|u> Tfes M M t k 4af IAMR AIL^H •a4aemnfte>,be ehersad esali asttosss a oarrted, a stead ef the thh> attar rats.peutten or cash demand far a w toads durag tbe past year,thetetttersontheteaatbroughttotemarkat,whowere unable, m m partteater awsstetesaa. a uuike pay-ment before tae day of sate, have geaerady beea able tofile oeetoralory aatmieats after tb* day ef sale, sad thusavail tatnauas ef the twelve mouths' credit sutured by Cagrea,asadteai toaunduat,whilet h e U a l a d r 'It offerU by the 'act t h a the segataada 16*1,byteaBraMUMoVUMtitaM.M Sao ,iaakli a they an a tee tiaa*i*»rataa u d delivery of aemefteu IB* vert- eu PeaUBcu tsatoeeaasryfanwsam MitinHM tawo*ry toamtotorasd a tuttbyclothingttwtthUMccna sceordiBg to dasv. . It ts often difficult, per- MewJatry tor pntostawhr-J te tbe interior, to determine the distanc_e: attars asasst tabSso trsnamtued., s_ad thtt leads tathe same gwaeral relation extol tad all 'towhtoh tee Iadiau agreed to a i l tee most valubie per tton af their aeaatry, rncrodteg the valley at tea s a t rtver of the Hcrth, tar the m a of 8380 OM. It ass, therefore, deeaed areeaary to awshsal ato aH ito totda ofito w i t t a . mmm " m hrasoacg Iffaguhtrtty sad compleat. Is some tiu d often te saeattolto a uniform policy greatly increasedf a that ana, white the amplestuder bis charge attt dtorf, 1,18«, atoe:«eeedatleast1rw»aacaoalfneecent To»mad: t«i.ofii_-gacanuc:/anaantjpiMianoa 10tae(act the- awerncn'i.'e'•*au—r- V -oas? cr.nnarod trjai m retr"« tenagihetrvansaeie>stasratheyherebeentintbotdtcga bgbt Mr the depredator, msLeid of taxkentat i-s way or taaberraeetegb>mntbeeee&maBlonofbis<:.tae. Is tble ecn7'.ct,uD I lOAiyeoaonr.815294OS*>ea«thirty*evea percent lesstuturnJer <zaiatvfighti>ereaxilets ineonthansnobaswere purchased an** s>ut tal*» torv1r<e during the srecedag year Ueoustmwhichwtt$3«8e»06Aogaat,134.0,toanytondsiytBgabovetheR»coocnfork. wisdlrfci.'yTB-^oived*aacaaeewhiebWWJdetermiaeit by tne Supreme court at the United ijtates a tae Dseea berterm,A E I860, ta: thau.buna!teereindeavled. uat the grant did aot embrace any such tanda, ao 1 that ue isteandcerrfiuate*VBUXBadtasuedfromaado rartmeti. 00c rey«d no title to tbe State Tbe quan.ity ofrestrvatioM, havtog well-definedexierio? 0Jtiadar.es. rethatthaat»rccursetowscanbeeiiinrcaJtberenc,and to divide then reservations ato farms of suxaruedi- mcnsicna,toMheldicseveraltybythetodividus!mea- bert of the tribe, with all tee r gbtt acident to an estate inleesimple,exceptUiatofalienation, annuitiesshould be paid, aat tn money but in goods, pro?.nuns, agricul-cooi application oftheresslteofscienuao areettgt tions.the!aitedStatesmatbeacmeutegrana:jofine world.m<atiioxaiBrs.Tlie general aterest fe-i la tha work, and the tmportsneeofthenesr*.atpoaaibtoapproachtoaceurscyinallheeitetetorented/thisdefecttothetowmdwillauto. rizethsttpartstentuimtaeeechpa>menuasmaybt commcBScrate * ite tee tcrvmts renooreu.TopTC'idea raaonabto aUowaace therefor andto meet U.e necessar}' expeBSca aramg from tee proeecaaioc cfperbjrtcc&rgecwitsvti-Lttictthetows'ortheBOP urvmitiB 01 tne arienn stove trails, sad aiao tc enaoie UMthegramfraadattemptedtobepraettosdbytaw©asatthosebranchesofpahlteatrvaewhichpertaaa theThe sum demucott for the execution of fhe eighth oeu- susexceedstbeocaoftheawressbtoteesumcf8846.OcO— u u a t reneera n ratsry by th* irrga a of ear popu- lation u d its difiaton over the vast pates of the .ntertorTo fmnlsh u litestnttion, I ased only refer to tee actionof theStouiva itototeaaaaton Thtodepart- •equirad by that body to submit u to Cosgran U Ito apprssehtag sssttea tor the coaatracttoa at a saw Jatl tor ttto Xtotnet. Sua s buuuag to aeedad, and be asprwprm- ttoa tor that fiarpoa would he proper. M e t e prtestpto by whteh yea wce-d area s teti for a e leaping of tee prrtoosess at tea Datrtet, you woutetegarp-oyoat lea mast aeeeeeariry ^^Bpromtee sssTaaDKraanirrand btcme one of the largest of the executive depart 16. 1846. with Great Britain. On the expiraton of thehomecommerce fcigreaa,ttadepartmentsaadthe teecostofcjcrtractiona weda ateeouuayaatwUl communityarewithoutany generalreiablereasurwtor toceneaaryforitasafe.repteg.tee tecertairmeot of our ateraai trade u d the annual The rwicfltsmadattoas mad* a tormer reeertt a re-prclumions ef a f teultoxa, meaufactara sad m a a tt gard to togtototton tor the Daarat ef Colbasa are sow w u'-o be a wise ecnomy to ataoitoh an agency wtdch rttpecUuiiy renewed The policy therete a«1aned. ifTo gus/d sgatest kaa to thetor radianttoa et thefrom the sf the aata by itcxarit pt ransteg on mail Unes, it a reoassaanTed'tbat teeerdaary rato af postage, with two onto sdded (theaterrsattog lhebamoaaaefarsttoaaf the siw.wt»g oar toad systta. whteh requtra the public tondsto he broufht h a s aattat f n a ttoa a M»e, to pro- tad. [Sea porttoa a surveyed toads are stopa t ! sfandte rev-ewag the results the Unitedwtrpeasfl 'attarstowKh which we BMca, sa to Mexico Cabs, * c , tt Irtenhte to have s sailbrm rate ofeast pesxage • tefcea. aad She totter hatfcr mil prepsymest, wbde a others too mash to eoUaeted ~-^ " t - part of thaiTt a proposed te sennit reguar dealers a aewtotpers saw penodkaa to reattre by amtleeshewaattttesof ertber sstbeyanyrequire,andtopayUmpostageoareceipt,at she srme rases as reguar sub^trlbers to such publica- tions. The objeat aad propraty af t h a will be readily smaited.wh«s compared with a s ausatity of toad Fxaertetoe ass deacntrated tee wteaoaprieiy of tee reccamendations coatotaed te my tost a report: fret, that, te s tplrit of nberallty to all apoa aacflered toads, two years should beto ebvioM teat the ladau mate be drrtded intotwo cDssaiii these with whoa we b a n treaties,a -te whom we barn ass. te tta a n sf ttaare dearly hound to ke guided by areata stlpuiattoas. awill to shortly a a iluda.te ths adatetotnthm of ear Iadtea snaire tea aid ofthe military arm of the government hi often aalbtptasa-Tivot s u a their arrrral te Uhwna.- , — ] ' '*r ti whishal ThI f r lAfr a n a for abe t six weeks, testedteg 86,4a 08 tarid | T « to the ollfbieat trretaiarttlflB modttma will be secured to the public and the revenues "mmr Bverf aflort aoattbu wttk tee of tbe desnrtaseat aeraated.purchase af loses for settlement, swatting some deanite leg s a t oa upon the subject. :»ooJd the dtemaslea of atteruiias a oor toad system a s a , it to believed thatThere a yet a farther dtsmctioo to be made between these enseawhere the avers! reseiVBUJU-Join a c-inject body, BurreuBdU by a wall defined exterior boundary, cocsittetiag them s tribal reservation, over which the aterconm laws esa to enforced, sad those a which tee adlvidual reservationr are scattered amorg tbe white settiemPBte, aad aniijeeted to the operations of tbe tows of tbe dtete a Territory ta which they are situated.year the aaonst t h a eapeaasM w a 61.18«stB 08. Sithough there appears to bate b a a h a a slight Amauttoa te ths work of tha oaas, yet such ttm.lm tee oeutrcl of tee desarueeajt 0*1 been Under the set of ISM, the domestic rate of postage forto trnprtm the eCeieeer of U»e eerrter r«etom: aed totters to three easts under three thousand miles tee revtcae derived from aaia would rpeedlly rise to atee erudition of the busteea that It win admit of a e u * King ' wtth e'9 Afrteus, aed atoo of ths oaptcreof a esioerabie reauetlcs of ths clertosl tons during the next • a v s tbtp "Erie," wtth 881 Afr Bans at board, ai dofyfar. and, ceerequenUy, tea attaata sow submitted their arrival at the port of Monrova mwtuie: dofdele aera oxtttad, end ettli exist, tt te believed and a n cents whan tea datanue exceeds three tbousand reasonable annua; sverate, egpectolly if tbe quantity of •met (be n-selt eee setsiaed aoblw ezaeetetloe. and bee miles. The intention a this limitation was to assure onlocated tond warrant outatandicg aould ooatace toredueed by dash to 1.488, ware delivered ta the agent ef the United States tor ttasrsted Afrtenu, a t state of per feotaUeeaea, who provided them a osca with eieteag ssdtood. atteetimeofteetondtogofUwaBatrnwstn*NEW YORK HERALD, WIDNESDAY^ECIMBER 5, 1860.-TR1PLE SHEET.tsawwB haowa to to hetvy butdens s p a tto eaperv It not tor the »« of afforded t>y other braBhn <rhteh ar*>—f a the —uptlHii af private sseteded.Then a e sew tonr 4*% duUioria of hasten aed pack ill by earners a tt* city of Jaw York, four te fwJav daestto erd teres la M M : u d to* somber will te taraw*."A tram late to limm m has Bursa* of pwpetoit^ii u<! ranapueteaee wtB justify tl Ths high petes of tabor, however, aad UM km rata of oar BOO*. ages, «orbid tbe base that, withost acne efaaags te ths •ttHfton,teeByaam cant?erstate theprefeettos which dwtaguwba tt to tana of ikd Inrnpaa ranitoto While tha ',*admitted, it should aJao He stated tkmt itsattictpaMd at vmw of UMobstacles it a\i adThe atiuduien of eary sew lystsm, dred miles. It to proposed, also, a apply aha same rates reduction a tea retana. The meaner of dtosesag of the ether, h a we raeogstoe their title to particularIJM too a l i i i M i i i «f too pebtie food, can to enrda, black or primed when put up a packages ef at tee public 'anas has been made a topic ef political tmcujof country. described by metes u d bounds, and rarely avoid th«- avasico of looml u d petty personal to toast etgat ounces; aad of seeds or cnttags, a packages oiicunion, and, whilst tome emlgarnt famlltos have guarantee toem undisturbed possession (to tbe same forreavakes » hontiiitv that too often finds its sot exceeding eight ounces a weight. Many of the above mads settlemeats and delayed giving the proper notice, ewer. Tbto later class, agaa, m a t to sabllttsed ato la dBcsptlve arttatem and II—II uiiiliniii ABomeraad articles are sow entirety withheld from tbe or msiting any paymesa, te tbe expectation of a dona- those who hold their lands la common, whether a tee or When to aoob uwerthy oppaojUoB mnito owing to their beag aabjeet to totter postage, sad tion, other pertcBS, who are coatempatag emigration, by the usual mdton title, u d thou whoa tonds are heldeeaa eredUeble te t e e vlgllBBt and fbitafa! oflaers wanbBTo bore aborojod mtth ike eayeiilebei of tbte diffieottsad ptrplexteg armeeh of tbe pvblle oerrlee. Appeeitedm tb*a risert anit be foead ae tateresttae; osamantemUaofroai Hoe iota A Dtx.iae present amlgkieaed bead of Bach of thto oorrespot,dense pays only the lower rate a grta of toe 20tb April. 1832, entitled " An Mexico, who are under it-- control of agent*, to ilmnted to tbe foot Ofltoe at Mew Terk Tb* r'ewa vbteh be pre- three eeaa; sad te order to maintain tea ortsaal oar a t BAthorixtog Ute Governor of tae Territoryfor this breach of the service have been reduced by tta anm of S38.KQ.Theutrgetto measures whica have been adopted fortoft t«e yt-% atak«e !t dear U:at the pnbtto ere (set ioa TJ, tee aoofldcuco w'th w t : ^ the registry system wasat first 1 seemed.—Affijoaiyi two c» nested for registerad tettere ror tbetbe balance of the appropriation ramsiniiig anexpended. it to rtrorrmenaed teat tbe deticteney be supplied, aad that tbe -ifnaruwent be autnoraed to proceed at once with tbe work.lends sleig the river erd befarw the Raucous Fork; and teJB view af the matter has been mainteiBed b / toe De partmen: of the interior and by the General Land Office '.be quantity of land ten* admitted to be withm t.-iego eremest of Liberia, moved by a spirt of humanity. tat been cempe'ied to remedy tee effects of our laws, BT ensctag Uiat each recaptured African, at tbe end of twelve months. ehsM be round tc service lor a term offaea; vear -ed'ng .rone SO, ISM • Jaae JO, 1*67 lime30Ue8 '» lose 3C 1*"»jtrtborth tne aseat year eetiea 80th June tost embraced grant w a round 10 be &.- W2 acres, aad was iuog ilnot WSMS7 one of ttii>e periods, reonrring quadrensiaiiy. during .xied and apcroved tu thr <tate.W whichthereisanonnsuatiemaodformailbags,inoon- SecretaryStuart,however,csaadsomeofthelanda IS <m K seqaence of the vastly mcreised amoont of prated matter a.-.crg tee river and above tbe Raonooo Fork as JAs TO transmitaa through the mails, there wan a reduction ef to be ilited and eertiaed ae part 01 a effl.115• l i . t m s cthe hi;her rate upon ah totters transmitted to and from the Pacific sales But sacs the establishment of the overland mail, tbe distance from tbe valley of the Mata- sippi to California beag teat tana three ttwasaod antes.dimaab from year a year as for three years p a tA controversy was pending in a a department far many years, te relation to toe title to the tonds a the fiotSprags, te the State ef Arkansas TheaotofOtn-Our Intercourse with those tribes with whom we have so treaias. except tease a Csltforaa, C a h u n Newtbe prevention of pension and Bounty toad fraau spnatee goveremca have been atteaded wtth very favorabte sgent af tta Unite* States w n teforsMd by the PreanteatTa*' can um eacks (caeu f^r the transportation of printedmatter"!^nrebatesandputtetoservicedurtrgtbe3soal year eudeu 30tn Jane tost number 82 900, aad cost821 CO", being abont three per cen' more lc aambar and MLa embraced a the lisa of tea kind Is tweeny four per cent mare in cost than sacs as were purits Jete.11*, have been pr >pt -ly appreciated oy uia aetural impttmena u d feeds and authority should b partmest, and it la hoped mat the eatrg? and care w .h g-Tverimcnt to nay the amount BOW an- on aecocc-.allowed from the teto of settlement within which te the a s e of the totter the aavarsssent to free a pursae make proof and payment a d , second, t n a tt should be *nch s poihry a etrenmstsaea amy render expedient, made aomnsent upas the executive to after a pahlie nbordteate, of course, te tbeee general principles whtehbto, a s s a all tiaaes s cordial a operation aad frtoedly BtUtotonurt mecwal sttendaaea, was 8aTJ80 *i Tb*ur demanding batweu the lartlu arena aad ths ostosn cost o; tnssportoatna, exaaolts ef tta atartea ef teeat the a m y are required for tee aueeasa at tea atrrtoa. ageateof tta government to aapertotoad tea Mffraati ostesa, isa^siteta, misagraahi. or photogrsphlc prints,e s rollers or te payer cavern, phonographic ps*er ,totter envelopes, sad books, bound or unbound, ita reccmcesded snail be allowed to be sent tothe stall charged with postage by tbe weight of tbepackage, sot to exsted tour sounds, at one oent anounce, to any stone a tbe Cstted Skates under fifteen emisratan, sad atoc the inclination of capiiallna a mesa pericd, but witeout recognising their title to u y par burrrred miles, aad two etna an ounce over fifteen hun-tbe contra*, aarwaatod te 8*6 800. Ths e a t of sop porttog u d proridhjg them with raothteg tor «n i y a rate, by proetomatton, withm two years after survey, ai thatoadsthathate satbeea canned bysettlers.b a n b a a actora a U a statutes aad "SupremeCourt.aamlaeie the reaatta of a taoraagfe atady of the denial sad prertMal workiBg of tae earriar irateai ts ibat attr, •adannorstUoeefartie*tamanw—eaterawortltjof tae meal careful eeaaie> ratios of Omarear•acwnuTToii o» i*mB».tbe set af amrab 3,18*6, preTtdtag far tbe registration expensive character of the ma.; service to the Pacific, this for Ua future aispost of Oosgrea. aad ahaii not be en- :nr expedhaona With tee exception of tbe Navsjus u l tha bureau. Ibe smosat ef week devarved anon tbe ex refemd to our iovernacrBV Upon sxsstvteatten ttpose of the tow, tt to racoausenued that said act be aomodified as to *».;urrs tbe tea sen', rate to be prapal 1 onalltottersconveyed te themanfromsaypointa tbeCstted States east of the Boefcy Mountains to aay Stateor Territory ce tbe Peeinc and rts* verts. In v o w of toe at atar the autre inertof a a n y be, abaii be reservednumber of proaeutrau for oflenea cf thto character ranST OVFIGS•rTVOJU>e'ef-eraposted(nrtraoaaiiaa'ooattbemaiaior abera'ied^tetetbeenewbetsteopereooe Bieretbea M» Tears, oat w i A laentla. 1 regret ta add, wntefa say« aaeepo-sted tbe expceta&Mea that led to tbe adop.ioc of tbis eovei ftataie te OUT postal system. Wbetber re garded as a preowuoe for tbe proucttos of tbe interests of tb's ebaa of oorretpoadeate, or sa an iwrtramaarinty aw (be easesttoo of deeredetioae apoa tbe w. -.•», tee Vaw baa proved a failare. Tbe forornaian;of tatteis or paaketa tbue ragtstered, sod es tbey agreed to be paid a UOvQCO. which leaves of the mightspecBbtyprovide NotwlthaandagtbBdecaios.ue are etar*e?«d in tbe same poaches, tbey are sor arproprtat"w a batesoe of $980 000 for tbe aoattruc- allowed a special entry ef a a auerter tectum. aeluding reaeeed by as ire**" gomreasass tar ttaair seen it?, ticn of tbe bu'ulng. The tita to the prooerty baa the springs, to a made, tor a ipecal purpose, a Desem- etvoer •" t.-asiauaeiee or aellTerf, (ban mcb sa betosg to been exsmned. and determined to be perfect by the sa, 18*1 Tne cainta of all conteatana tor a a quarter tae err awry etei • of tee oooaary. Taey beer a aeerk. Attorney General, aad tha assent ef the Lsgaatare or section were submitted to the tea AUoraev tieneml a savever, wzica. batlestea te all tarooghwbo»> baadaSaues,teasladtenhavebaaapeainwithadurag thspatyaw.Praoe h a atoo prevailed amoag the treaty Indians, with one sanspicucuB exceptioa 1 refer to tbe Eiowaya, whea auieasiag turbntenee would s a a to reader mill tery cperattocs Uvtoable. The same may DOa i d of the Yuetounste and Cut-Bend buds of 8k>ux.Of those Indians, to whom reservations are secured by treaty. It to to to observed that those woo hold tbetr tosdBaummoB.sadthaawhoholdtoseveralty,but wheat reservations are aatterad about aaoag the white rettlemente, hs»e made u d are making little or so progress there are of coursa exceptions, hut they are tew in number, and result 'ram fortuitous et-cumfiancee Sxpermnce has satisfied me tent two conditions are adispenabte to tbe soccer* of aay policy looking beyond the mere tmmecate and temoorary resmtoersisaormour,andittodiSeulttobeltove tha thereiterateIsppeatotetttobehaffwouldsave bees to entirely dint-garded, had Congrea realised tee actual condition of tbe boameaa of the office; and as tbe effjee to self sustain re tt to only reastaabio tea tea de- partment should be empowsred to graouato tbe force *m plojed by the work to be done, provided, always that tee expenditure:-' sba.'l ne kept wl-bio tbe receiptoI mho aertaalea to renew the recommendation of pre- viousreportsaregardtotbeaixmalyataUowtegap- peals from the Con intorionei of Pateua to one of tee three datrtct jucget hi udttiou to the reaoai urgef a i;-.jfirmannua!reton<oranaiteratiosofthetowinthto parttcutor, it to . beioserved that, a earn judge zsm Apsreteiy or on ; e aupeat Udcen n beeoBtes very diffi-foundthattotowvestednoauthorityhiteei-restdent efthsCBitedStatestocontract withthegovernmealat Libera tor the apport ef these peopie, asa a the Comni sattcn Society b a n a special treaty or stress*est ante teat government, allowing them to toad and mamma a that country rarepiin til Afrteus, author contract was entered teto with Uat actet: tor tee support aad clothing of teen African tor one year To carry e s t tbto contract u snproprtotioe of 8148 880 will to re qui'-d aturtogthata a s a ef nagrsaThe system eatobtiatod by the tafWatn ef ate tost ser-en of Congrea. by whteh tea 'fftcert af tbe armed vtarers of tee United Stetea a n author toed to tone those Begrees fmiad on bosrd tapOarsd slavers oa hat coast of Sirica, to rrwardsd u both proper sad eaanattoal.ratesmfficlentlytow.From1848to1881itwasforty eeaatbetastetotter.Drop letter*, i a e all other domestic tetters, tt to ad vised should be tubast te the same rule ef eomsuteery prenavmect by pntiaga stomps.a^scsSJ^-vaot?tered,locateda spprwprtetedtorayetherpurpose whatever."Several nlnime to s portion of the land an roar ted were afterwar de ateseaaed a a e officers ef the land Depart meat, on behalf of adivtioate, wbloh however, after enre ul exam'nation, were all rejected by a deotomn of Swreart atnart, made October 10,1861, that the tond bad been reserved by the a t of Congress above quoted, sad tee tltto therea remained te a e UnitedTbe ground sow occupied by .the Pest Office a NewTcrk has been bought as a site tor a sew and aslargededare, wb1"h *• its dimensions asd armsgemeuto snailbeceaameaauretowiththewaattofshtssrvaaTheprice states,subjoct to ach leg'sation a Coagrea01tbeproperty, tiowever,hassoar axhauatedthetp prr-TT'atrct> that there renmrne an unexpended baiance of bet 8168.107 M Tha sum will probably Be asufficientthoutasb six hundred sac twelve application* havw beenrejected, u d thrte thonaand eigte nucurc 1 and ntoetyfix patera toned, Itcluding reissues, addi;toiml na-provemena,anddi»i«ms Inadaitmototetoth»'-thave auctbeTTOgvoyage,ttasotwonderfulteatstoreteasgcaasBi wateh bee •*•* advanced ta tnpport cf tbe existau reg/atry est te that tt operative at a asftgrard for therest at tbe aaaiat by diverttag abe etteation of depredaten"ftnthen.WhiteUtia.teaodoubttrue10a fcrtbeerecusrofthefdifice,whichshould,atastyle, servedbeprovidedforbyappropriatetegtotottea.industry by guaranieeag ths uadtetartod enjoyment ofttr fruMs, u d aototioe to u effactual proteotioo agalutth«-. con petition tbe cunning, and the corrupting tofluercesofteawhitemanThistonetmeretheory,ttaasaemcctontfsucaresta! appiteatos ia practice; aad notableexamples atay be cited—tboa a tee Whaneba,^->es andnreelon, sad Wabpean ifloux, reclaimed teas laxredibly short thaa by this policy, from Ua atoaaa drunkencess sad dsgiadation mr which they were eooaaicuous.And it V a* valid obteetteB to tha throe of the illustration power cf tcy country, anc it assnmet addittoeel noport tbeBBtelves tban if tbey were altogether revage •Hit teaeon 1with tee prevstiag architecture of tbe city, •s. A .» oroportiacx. it aSocld se eqtel to the present end frrture ex^senclee of the rrwa! adminhtratienb»ta Jerty nme applications for oxterstons, aad twenty- etght Talents have been extended for a per»od of seven years from the expirattoa o' their first term.one third or teem die.alter they are landed in Africa and kept tor twelvedegree, tt an >es auber to oaahrai than m confute taeview e a r ft - have preaenied aganet tbe baigei eoatlauanee rt» prone*;-10a Ifcat !afruttfu! sslr ts deeger to whatB aaa fleaieaea te pr-tect, the oagaoJty of private rate Tbe architect of tae government to now engaged from ta moctt to the laccoon lark. This great, fora Afansae to teas the Salt Springs a said Ternary, an; for other purposes,'' provides, act.ee3."thattbeHotSprings,a BateTorruory,to- gether with foor actions or toad, toeiodtog a i d springs.ThsincreasecfbumusmwePatertOftVw,sodthe magnitude of its operaiiost, g i n trtdiliooai fo-«e to theTt %uacarce'y be 1.'- lbted that arse plan «mH be devawd, ta eonneettea with t a e entettng ocaaa' aarvtoe,wBn&wJCjseeuretbeccu^n-yaatvofa.Iv*aahi«eDUE•tttted to be maile carter ratatfeetoTy ruaranlaee for •n^er a prtor -wntrset and of an inferior qttaltty.taetreaSe-y.andendevproperfesex.a»otiltiesca-c TbenmUbagsefaUkindspurtaasedduring Iowa,fortheneecfrailroadcompanies,underthesatof treatieswhichbarebeennegotiatedduringyouradmais- distributedtotimetoenableteeroiledSatesBt-suato pointedtcreoei*e.-ecapturedaI.".cans—anappropnat.oo partat t&e(joternns-nt bat whether tne poottcwoe!! ite flrcal "ear ended SOih Jane iae:. sumoer (engren ,approved May16,1888,asparaof tnegrana tratioB.aadIwillsufgtstthattheyshouldbeeatabiisned ti 'on.ti;-ccetieenux'-ration on the dayappoJt=dby or$75tOCwiltberequiredatteepreaoalsessionofOct naaait* to the laeraued ratet of pnetege wbtco the ac in the agyregBte. 88,800. and orst 8ST 300 98, ttersby made, to aid in the construction of eeruin rail- bj >aw as the fixed, poncy a tbe governmatt tow. ib>< time within which all the returns atocte have 8f*aa.ctui-cc andputajotorrice during tbe preceding yearbaiog tev«a per cent leas tn somber and ta:rty one pa- rent ietr cost .has re b ts were rmrrhaseu andpat j a service dnrsg aha praceaing year, a e cost of wbicc was S&4 IM TSThe r.:<<*rrs»f mail begs during the Oscal year en ledS71A72 acrts. ar , with tbe exiieptioa of »oa.e sixty or sweety tbcusu'1 acrea, tee same tractr bare atoo been ctoime 1 by tea State orsoe-ai am taH are now expeeed wodld ao lancer exie* The teal expense tor tea pari, hsea aad renairs of ma upper 3Grticnt of toe Taa Moines r ver, n,--t embraced a the P.servetioE, sad be siloared to ream for h.a private axi aioet at tbedeanoraUattion that aisbouors the servic.t bags, a every 1ascription, durinx tbe area, yeaj ecoed any of tee cert, fitd Iaa, which have Dean surveyed for use and Bwseflt tbe turpla which may remaa after feeddifferent nirentneE. part or the legtoiat:7w body, eusaitsaa tee tot is a ar"he returns uave been placed a the ha*>ds of paaa to its secae of justice and liberality is tear beha.ranableand1IT-watoorpeofotarks,andIhaveth-as- Thepastisfullofevicaeeefthegenerosityofrnagr—30thrtrJunelast,amounteda 841,80808.or8i6,o£251 toes Utan the expenditure for the same objects uurag a : preceding yeerce«, wfiteh tbe statute Justly pa; xh. as a rblicr ended June 30,1888 which ute quantity 01 tela grant, under all the lass apoa iaa ml bee b e n foead but •%• Fowteg te I haws the henor to be, very rapactfully. your obedient the abject, was ascertained to be 584,189 acres. Beforefugm ~e (ram jnatam, ae arreat has tatat arrsat,J. HOLT. tea time the Btate had selected a n a , under tla tow 01 1854, largely a exeea cf this quantity. and tee select ions had been withheld from sate, te u t o state of facte Iprovedatheirorderofprecerleaoe,tesashsaexact a would complete the quantity ef toads das tha Butte, and the tracts Mtoeted in exeea a to restored to markat Tbiswadime,exaptiegsome18000sera ofselectionskee authontlet ef unsathortsed sBtttemeato opon s por- the tow spprovto Bay 23, I860 sanlig at pnaaars. a pultoalaiiy b a b a a buJt aad tion a their territory known a tee Neasral Land, mat- Sasbciut mrorsssttes, however, h a b a a obtained 10 aosporad from year to year; hnrasa b a a h e u oaa urea w e n token to remove the cause of oomptoat. Last justify the eoBcluBion that our population baa kept pace ue- ted and kept te repair tirwis aad a issues spring the settlers ware notified that they were unauta >- with Its srdtaary natural pregrea, aad teat ths increase hsve been paved aad light**: an aaxUtery soimeThasumC888TIwSO)staledtesaotherpacea expended for mail bags durag tbe tost fiscal year, includes pay meetsfctheamountofSTJIT36madeformallbagspurclaim cd aad offered at public a a . WhenIsameintoofficetbegrant to WtoBonsiutoaidtbrifttea auat to aads to feel the eftecte of their kite catudathriftaea, ud torealisepracucallythedif- fereneebetweenhimwhosowssadrapsandhumwhohis present force, he will enable me, dunag tbe ap proacbag seatoB of Oongrea, to present an exhibit «f aeaggiigatepopalatlon,Baaanfactrrreasadagricuiturai produetioBB, and tc make tee apportionment of repreaeathe citit»- of W at agtoa u d Georgetown. Judges u d stherjudicalifls.i have beenprovtesda tea wxpease of tee UBitod Steles, for the adaunsttrattenof jutwe and themaintenancecfgoodorder, ailsbatebeeasopoi.edTo the PssW'tjrT.akaee. sad 00 tMal one be bad A otv'J entt or. M affk-ta' bead baa bean oommeneed arnroat the tare tie», but co judgment hat as yet beta 'btalned. They resistthe"•oover?,{rrnctpalyanthegroundthattwassurety should tigs the bond before tt was dnUverai w tbe arrvuesamt,wbtehwassotdene fttwlersacgtroBhi* aepsatuwi ia mijpmx at mm doftoan, atiigisa; that Oter«. wii •-:h an agnement between htmeeh*en<l thetwo anrettes now sued. am% that be failed toprenuie tbe tlgna •are cf the third surety snsnan, aad toraarued the nonU to tb. le^artmeat wtthoct apvneteg tt of the estatesa" ef sbas axiaemaat. ft t s tn-m aaoipwd a good thilh »y the govern»eat, wuheut ibe sltxhteat atiautten frca. ekesfta ^'•BeSBawnaasa •••» —-0- 4aan esew^a^aaaHkeannm eBaessal ttsrewSsweawa*.' data 4weerVnVCssBBeBll aeSIthasbeenmysat,waneverthaaasaefloag eeaboes; was s btting preJade to ttt^ embeztiecuen: aaraal paiHj of ths snvsrnaaat w a committed by tbe steading u d chronic dltflmlty have legitimately c«metons catabllahfd u d pate; sad s heavy aspailitere has bean laaarred a. bragtag a boaaUfte uppiy of pars water ato tta elites from satveta! n o m a have baas rneHoaed sad tastefullyad. a busplTal tor tee laaue andiupportsd,adprovakasaastortha1 ruttetoaaan of the deaf u d dumb u d tee blted.deae,bastatetottqslra aadupeuad. Owstg.Interior.DaTAxraasT or THS LTTXXIOS 1WasHQKsroa, Nov. 38, 18dt ') of tha interior, the supervgrant,suchoddnumberedtotetothebackbridgetoernshlp, oa the eatBideof lake Wbaehege, ae oalgsg reaaa a tee L oiled states, free (rem any claim af indinduaa uader tbe treaty of February, 1858, with tee Stockbrtdge sad MuBsae Indtaaa. Tha ltea af a s h tote haws been re- cently prepared, and, with a npntemutoi ittt of tela tioa, approved, that fully etosag up tbe business.8437,000,a adeficiency,willSsrequiredtortheour troops, faclhlr removed the attlers from test portion at 8180,080 for tta anal year ending June 30, 1862,followed. If todeed it was sat a ayotamHn arenaOarfress tc Jetermae wbetber i n c sirther tastalat'oz functions, aad a e number u d juriadatten of l a officers. The progress of the public surveys a the Territory of 1 1 . nas 1ai j tor the protect;JB of asost atereats Washington h a beea interrupted on account of tbe extrb<^.«aaeu*1tytb*.aci-ocr-^.-•notofentxtrajrdlnnrya hascecsaavUyexperieaosdscorTstpocdingprograa, -..•letceiifoaramtendclaimsunderthetreaty«'Juneset of Qaogrea approved March 8, 18*0. The period ofttete which ban sans elapsed bat beea signalised by axtraordaary wternrtes amongoarpeople, te the deve)spmaiil af tha Internal ratoiuoa of the atsatry; aad•Seed a the pcbim servmr In that event it will be for tbto department, a tae extent, variety and dignity of tu Oi-on and deranged tbe service and perpiexed ito enteers.far it. Aould tae court boid that ;h« seaa> ooat eta HUBifTws mrettes sad their ortDatpel, thaagfc aotwasam.antedtothego»mBasest,anil bartbesand-In ttto my last usual report, I feel tt to to my doty to suggest tea prop- sty and important* of estasiubing a horeuorsattataatog es't, then so eonfl ience eec be safely reposed by the deeartsseato te say bead exeauase Dy taetr officers enThe interns] trade between tbe diftorent itatea of this Union is greater thaa our foreign tract , and directly uiterestB s much greater number of oor own people, yet we possess BOagency by which wa a n ascertain sad definitely present to theoctheir ssittoea m a t o connectionsanna Ia operations te reive the aareste of many eiti- caarter or the Hudson Bay Company te 1860 tbe p a aeaso-y rl[bt of that company, onodr tee tetrd article ofwill to with thebanana'anbatt tthsf tha asratef** ed it taprtslhle toterms acceptab e te the by the conference.New Yorkaalonerequiredtoconsummate'thepurchase 1854, whowasofteeopinionthatteeactofCoBirreahad9c seen is lb'* shall have been obtained, a pan will be reaerva tee aad sad forbidden ia sate or torauon, u dadopted and peeress* isv.ud tor the erection of tbe in this opinion my predecessor teems to have concurred. lief of the Indians, h* it to designed a efleet a radtasi Tbe income of the cilice fir tbe three quarters ending Bene -ity tor trestag inase unibrtexste.tbey pars, their valuable ekareeter, aad "tis jtiwaiMcam »ia rather te inasjiial and lav Be depre Uies than toprevent St. Tbe practtcai worKlog of oar saajl svetemaaahr* •» enttrely xwntfeat that everrtbt?g—be it sulk orr*g'»jry sasrk—aeueh petata oat tbe eawabb) onDtenttiof letters ted pankete, n ae fa - as poestbie to be avotttodas wrtansty eaaaagartsg thetr sasstv. The prlampal a- lenrptotwn to build to the city ef Phltodeipha. Tbe cost Uat it be cancelled.rr-tt •» prcT-fb al, and tue foiioviag table, abuaing tb : tn Itc preperttian of plans for sucu a build more than two years, wen re<„-ardtd a all hanasacjn reveaee rer»"ett tree* the refletrattea o' vettera tor the teg, ar.J ahaeM his esttmate of Its cost exceed fined to tbe line cf the Improvement, sod limited to thebuild n*Tbe Coffin Batecert bavestoo at length succeeded aIa sprit tote the apcrftaatton of toe parties who were ai ctosge in their habits and modes of life, and ectatMrah forSeptember 80, I860, was 81*7,848 40; u d its expendi- tur« 81:9.673 38, uowing a surplus or «7 876 17Durag t h a period five thoutud s a hundred and thirty-e gbt applications tor patents have bees received,hrocgbt wrtfcm our juri5dictan, withmsnny.by the operation of a system whlah estonto a heavy expense opon tea governmentprocuring a site a every way desirable tor the sew Poet CfUce, wcicb. tor s series of years, tt bat been a con-lowed tfce entry of D a . 19, 1861, tors potest aereon. w a submitted te me, and after a deliberate view of tbe ease 1 decided that tea eatry w a illegal, sad directedthem a peraaneat eivtiaattoa, the ides* of separate, or rather private property u d tootottos, mate torm the to sis alike of our diplomacy asd our legislation.IknowcfBOrearm whythe titletothetoadsa tbe But springs sboela Se reserved a perpetait?, and there- fore reoemmend that the disposal of the lour sections re•;j aa act of Congrea, approved Auust 8, 1846, a grant oi tonds was made to the State of Iowa for tee aa- provement of a e navigation of tee Dee Homes river,4<,BJCri.ruxBTbie A o a cf the main pillars of the prosperity andmonths. t**y are turown cC by tec United gates 10 vavte care at teemsetves In ibis cosditi m ostf civiliiMd aad bsuf savage, they are mucc l«*s capable of aupoorting•• inaa 20. Uwstt w " v '3"»e»>r»ei1 that the r»:*tntF far 1*<50 »«-~ tw*r*,y ftv« per cent to tbe expense of»". the mail Begs grant, and a Uti was atoo aaproved by itoeretery dtr:iei rrtdly enterced as amone these tnf a: m l it to to and euttixr* ef every awful pant sad vegetable. change, however, would be an improvement upon UK>ttd %ad IT. or 30 3 10 per oent was a u far the year purchased sad repaired lor tbe service during that j ear uuid, before uis a tcnuon was oaiitd a the qn-stuni of mis asd Bbeprs.iical reeogniUoa of tbe r^ht of private a d fattotsctory arrangemente have been made for pro- preaat tntremas and oastry system.leeT This oxh'iits * tailicg oil to tae 0 ni«r of "ett-^n ccimp.'id w.ih tee year o*x: urecedag. law involved a a etoim which bad been presented on property te the toil and ia products that the great pros ccrixg toem on the best terms, and transportteg Themanhma 'nto .hose hands these Africans Bareaedperbew*»irleten»dto\heairoaFtofTlflTW)sadyet•nse>oekedbegsofallkads(UHK!torthetransmissionbehalfoftheStatein1848,aataegrantextendedaperttycfttvtetr-.betisdueIamsirengthtned,then.themtethesafestmanner.Ittomanifestteat,whtnwebeerdeliver"!havererfortsedamostarduousanddam in the conviction expressed tn my tost annua: report, hsve reotived u adequate supply of the different pUnta gveetble rfut; with gram e':.-:ar*y and fidelity, DO; tbedaringUet-nefperiodin wbtcte that decline occrrrts, of utters1pnTCbatedsaaputintoservice dnrmg theSs ta head-waiereofuabeeMoaeariver. tha theoely plan thatnaldsoutanyhope'>•thede- andsceos adapted;ocur various roilandclimate,ana ^wallov*themnocrmperaatie-iwhateverforUw-iraer UM | t c - n cor -•«! aiet>«x£-d revefijL-a of tfte trrv ce sal 'ear m<1M 30th June last number 6.TC0, and cos. The right of tbe S a a nnder tee grant of tbe 9th of cay a g abortgiBal rears, to to eoottee thut to smatl tribal have developed our sgrttnltural resoureea. by a e judi- vices. This * unjut, u d ! hepe teat Congrea will 00."""'"•482 t a Kay Waa. wkue •>*»•*ma%at tta CokMiaso treatat abate nr. Wtth rvsteel te paitoy, t h a , it tioB h a been giva tbete, u d it s expected thai a treaij without definite atbrvntttoe a to tta teto af the surlaw to prt-emptnra of andrteubjertt to private eatry. Uto beiieved. teerefen, that atttert have ssJawad aaas-nous oardthips. Owtcg a tee slight ilrmvtdfor hu>ia as a brvesaant, tbe cash receipts tribes to the hart cf tbe eoatteut, te Arizona and B expreaad regret tor tbei: cmduct. aad atxed to be per- Society (to tta voyage 386 dad, asd u i y SOa from a e pahlte sales have bees aronsiderable CaMtoreta, eouiHotlsg. pomibfy, tha majority, we hsvs a tted a vtoit Waklsgtoa te asaltss a treaty Parmto sicca 1 oast at Africa Tate esaernawAgate, t t a treaty sraasoitypat h a not beea aa treat a w a exported The com a two divtoieaa. *tth one wa have trea:ia of amity with tec tadtuf, u d were atrated.with taetr busmeafIaa income from the public tonds darteg tta four yearscatears ef the government who ware brought te cocta:.tsttty Bhall eoesr sasag UtemDrrrteg tta mate ef Aagatt tost, terse voaag Afraaa.mental revulsion af 1847, toltowsl a tt was by short u d we paj tbea annuities, either te money, goods a crops a mest of a e aew States u d Territories, cheeked provisiona, or, perhaps, all three, tor s longer or shorterfoute on hard tta stover W. & hrbbey, were broagatfarmer avestmena. But this to not the sale enow of tee ticciar vest of eosstry. We sat only a y annuities toficiency.manoweI refer yes te ths report of tee Commaakmer of Peasteaa tor tefstaatton to respect to the uswrallmia af Ute Pernios Bureau for the psst year.Tbea boys were quak, aprigh- . aad promsnor No meroa sppisastoa wenmadebymtian tohave teem boaad cat for a torm af yean a aspreatiees. aac n a n s proposing that they ahould to ptoeed to tee Ooterwd Or- ptaa Atylum, te tha city at s e w Tars, bat as ta* tow allinatd BOdBsnattaa r. oa t t o suotoa, I eaassd teem to be elitvered a t o tta charge af the Colonisation Sammy, fcr transport*! ao a Liberia0» the 18th day of October test thto dssswtaaat w u t o vhad, by s eanntaaaatioa from tto tteeratery ef tee Bawy.ef the tetsnre of the brigaattee BteverWithby ths indteas a a y be arrangedgiven to the tgente to discriminate in their dtetrtbatto which tt has been conduetod will tnsure reeulte in ac if the ocniity provided for by tne act of Marco 3, 1319— oetweenthetoacstrlousu 1tooUte.theord»rI>andth ccrdancewiththepublicexpectation. being8*6for"armcegro.mulatto orpersonat eotor.ue- thriftka. These ideas torm Ute basis oi a., the Indian The schedules and carefully prepared instruction* were l:verto to tee Cniteo States starthal, or tee agent ap-riadt Bt-'togrecommendedtotheJommitteeofr*ublx Tbecolon.attonsystem,whitewistriedteCalllorna beenmadetonewpastsadthecensushasbeesetuipie- umnuciorooixaxuLsnus 01 the ti nate, a Juno test, a rmmqeahmeni to the aad Ttisa under tee direction of CsngreSE, sad irom wd in a! te*' rtates aad Territortes, wtth tbe exception In m. ucual reports or laoh and 18.M-, t . u a war Surfcfalltli.eremainingintee'Jniteddtetostotee whir:.1aonetimehopedforthematfavorable..-.PIla, cftcnictowsubdivtolcss,where,fraciixuuiatances maoetotbefaevthattbecoast1atincu,vest*Cnsgreas 271 JbTi acres v! tond erreueouely listed and oertifled on has proved an entire fallaro. It to expensive an, radi •eprrsented to to unavoidable, delays have oocurre<i. v i a exdcsive tef'Siative ocntral ever toe faa^rict <A der tbe Des Muinet grant, I have directed a suspeertoa of tally cefeotive. To prom ae tor it u y eatcssa, one of two Ihir laiturti. nowever, creratee BO surprise, when tt at Columbia. y«*t the people ef tne aistric. tn.\a nc vote- mventages would be tae withdrawal of treasure from t^e 30th of June ast, u a t 812 JCi 04, or about five per cent immediate action under the railroad grunts, ao tor aa the modifications must be introduced. Kttner the overseer Jtno\>i. that the somber of seceesary sub dtvatons re- ehacsag a ati<-gate or member to partiiipat* in iw ooon- ard-.cary mat'? of int. oo«utry Tae temptation te whscti more 'ban during toe precedag year. two connwtisg ciaams interfere. The toads along the or agent mast have a right sf property in the nroduca of quired tne employment of (bur thousand fear hdndret cils The tharnee of aaj dire* t responsibility u tnefour,fiveandsix years, but withheld frommarMas ag andatothag theIndians,oreachIndianmustworkwoctdttrv<!esapearrtayAU'Jtam or rowfauetaa A?saw ToaxIs a report aditreesed to the H->a w cf ttopreeeaW.ive-aaderdatecfatbIsaeteat,theolrea-«tenoea attendingtee detoicaiioa jf .Jane v iowter, btie aoetmast^at Na»Yorkwirednrvsetforth. HHeaibezz'enBen?.baabeet a<w«easemtataedtaswnnnttoatTO.atT«TFoAuiachasedsadputteaammaawingtbeprecedagyearweeksbeforeteaperiod,madesdestoienaaeording10{•'requestcomptotetebavngbeesmadebytheCherotativesaaceordsnoewtththeteat;fifthsecucnsfforteearraxaasBosauton«feosrtt,aadajailforte*ea/eaccount of tbe ctaim of tbe teste, a r e recaxly been pro- tor nrmnlf ana gather for himself, and tea idle aad tee suraace of the superiniendent of thu aervue tnat with to this district. liberal chartera ha." toes granted totee atprovement a tbe navigatioa of the Fox u d Wis- consinriversWasunsettled. Mypredecessor,afewrtsed intruders, mere naked tresspassers a that, upon u te tta productions of agriculture, maautacturai sad directed the Uaia of aalestteaa to be token op u d ap Tn*""* reserve, sad that they mast remove or the tow mtea, will show u accelerated adrssne a materialOUBDIT1K9ALAFFAIB8Anneal Report of the Secretary of the wh.sh were suspuued, in order to tot te.apart of the sited tee reserve, a s t . by tee aid of the United states rent fiscal y e a , and a lurthwr spproprtetton ofbefore aa, a lully examine sad carefully consider teas; to aferm myself of ail their haterv sad details, and to disp a of them 3nally te a spirit of j a t l a asd according to tbe tows rapeettvely governing eachasa.teare- lieving the general bustoea of the Lead iiffloe from the incubwa which, by reason of their pendency, pi assailThe fTpertect of i*e ma\ year bat t:J\ f viadxtUid fjeratrenchmertsawrefratpwvoastraad».st4wbtoaware oreeeowd sassewiiat a deta'l a U» last aaana. re teoor upon itt chat cfitear.pert »'ar'**"mTB?e,n',g,the*haverreetlTla<est•*;tbe offiawacy cf the serr-e-, wtoiw they have iBcnostt. - tea 01 a n toast importent a d widely spread bxaacoa had been accepted by Its agents sad uaptoya, u d o a to the Cherokeea. As tt is expressly stipaiatod to tbe manufacturing u d mining mtoreste; yte uothag to abit eMvnied aad pcrdlri l a itcru woe. fhe poi.cj of the a psxtmest m that of the publlb aads. For de- tracts have i u « o«en made lor abdividag, te the usualseostesatheStatessadTtrrttoras,saddevoivagreatthetreaty,terminated. Inauuettonswereaccordagiyopportutoyof apply teg to that tody tor rertof; u l , sswbkstbeysaeoasoed %bettevedtohavethetjopir- tailedteformationa refcrencftothesameIoavetb- mateer,accBstoerabteportionofthoselands.atthedeUberne jt«awntof thecountry,ad B ai Two usea—one a Ntoqusly, enataatng, byatithe Via '% >.J Seeanaa »<< ^reettcai enfor :naut maj hoaar to refer to the accempanywg annua! report of tae; mate, 167 00O tcra, u d asother a Coalite, con any ateto or Terrltcrv,' provUtcB ahould to mala a the bewe tr"» n oil-sat t.» tbeee whose tssssrapulota em Oanmiaiarner of tha Seaeral Land Offiat. [doe report a temiLg aooa 3,800 aoree—bsve been ejstead, unuar tee law for obtaining tee assent 0.' th- Qherokees a s eoadtb:tue wocid use the reveaaes of tkis deparva-o -. another cinema of tea morsag's fiautn ) 1 invito fourth article of the same tresty, tar ths Puget's tton preosoent to ta tskrng effect; and with a view of at ta ettmeoest for pcHaeal •d-ancement The oots'oti ~<iond ngrcultorsl Company It to stimulated a that ar- mesrag each saast, sad preventins u y future anfiict a -nterta.aefl stare tresty thaa ewer that tbe awnert ycur aUeauoa a i a oratoaa with ooatidtace and, a ticle that tta 'terms, tea. u d other property of every of juradtotion, the boundaries •>( S u a should to so meet sbou:i be aumififsered a onarormuy to she anl: view of the sm»unt of work done, a e diffl ;uiiy and niag- aercription belong tog to the Paget s sound Agricultural aaodifted a to m U e her ttouthern ttee ooiuideot with the tsata e a r saeory as wbteb tt was oegnatoed ad faftbluav mtu . c'tae quatiohs decided, and the Bsmber of our Crimper-, on tbe aorb tide of the Columbia river, shall Ncruern boundaries of tbeCheroitee neutral imd u d tee e a s d a e t s d i d r f o r t y a t e y e a r s , s a d t h a t o v a r y d e r « a « u r *would aecure the destred tolormatlcn to tbe stoat uteea- adented and oarr.ee oat, would be last and fair, aad, u a tic. practicable form, aad regutorty repwrt she a s s a Believed, entirely satotoetory to tae penpto.rach attsius of Congrea, The r*qotolte tbtae would to for aiormation a rel.e—oe to the pasta t ridings aad •mall, u d I reel confident that the reports of such a bo- grounds, and tea *xpudttF~e of tee afnnnaiiationa ran would aatmand tor tt tee pohao ferar.from taw priaelp!» a deptarahle in its tendrntcMb. alik ts Be aaaov aed a sac vigor and suaaessof taejjermtioe* largeretreeeii.s«eaSavebeensaMeataecoatofJit tervice i i r a g the east year, wnwb. bewwvwr, will besw/ed by Qberem iad which lave been put ate >pe"»b e c o B i r s a d t o t h e s a i d o o m p u y . I a c a s e , h o w e v e r , O a g e r e s e r v a t i o n s , s s p r o t r a c t e d o a Mr C a i h o u a ' e m e p who oh ain tttrangh It tee titles a their esatos, T the situation of thtae farms u d lands aould be consider The s a a error w a committed wtth respect to tneeased o a t yea w a he grsaiied a shserre a e a by the V nited Statu to beef public sad pollileal tea- northern boundary of the <aage reservation, u d a thereiaelltysadeffieieneywuhwhahsatduttosof pottoaceaadtheUnitedstatesgovernmutshoeidsigni- aresettlersopesthestrip*moracedBetweenthetreaty fy s desire to obtain posse*Hon of tbe waoJe, or u y part Use and Mr Calhoun line, aad their condition to in alltherefor, I have the honor to ~.fer tto " " • f report at ba heuevaua a aUtto ratatoaf thabtaau a uiesat a rami' jrocortton to the heavr tserasae is the paste. sf sablie smes have bass practotaad tor sate. Durtog arm to tee Puget's Sound Agriculture* Oeapuy foresee as earntawed wtth the prevtoas year: so teat tb" all such 'Terms ' u d • teanasistasat'eftheJuajtiemtastiltesathsaahfShemm.,period,8saw4T1serahavebeenanrveyedsad puyathedateafthetreaty.Thetreaty.I»narov«eSf m raaii\j m the Iwjnsteawa of Oat- tress trwi sermh.' all siasplassto made sf rwtat- Uwss anon tbe rants* bate sean oarafnUy exam m l , sad wadtttoasl «a*f tewftttss have beea ordered t b m i t thegrve iusttfya. l e a sestet faad a the aran mns^ property •as s rrsat to arssaad twet 'trssr sroearttea of a>aha".as exneswtos, cifr.:-* h,r tae man "ff Itsaalin, *aaa u* ocr;efetasa trtd eatttto H to.te ay thepBbt'c.tor ..ixrawt, aad 18,000,aa3.I3 sores have a a tha todawteg maaaai—48TT,819.80have been mid let cash, ytoldte g 82.031,426 87; 3,379,040 have been sbanraed by the tocatan of bounty hadx,aT,TT0.S2 acres grac-1, sad- 2.88*eT3 Tbaaasxbarof ahteay1 af teiPteahar aat w a T%,4€8,ever nested ao right: tt simply prfMdad tor theftmatkin of s title, ettba iaohosa w pa tost, previooaly in tevefefty. That adtvtaasl 1 awr uttoaa do aot tollte penalties haveiy, still we aadtee?wJIroqnirt6198,MOactaafthepahlteaaaate thaaa puy,4j tV'sa. mewses 18toweTlkw a farmermtarte!have•»isabUaywaQhtadsy> osiysfeweaptojwsafpeowaiw -ar easniag pahia toad sycam.aad myoo- , a any radim sbatfe a it. Forty jeare ago a e n h a a praaofthapubUctoadswa axedats1to peran& te thai rato the priaelpai portion of Oa tors* ad BewQteas *asa aa thaveriieteofaoquittal.Court, by which aioM aa sawor, wit"**"? the prtes a8 wahmaad an ragaUy pleat fnathetra SKured is btoatned to the Surveja Genera, a September, 1868, to ex the pstsage of a tow authorizing tela toad to be BUTreyed teadthelinesoftbeprtblicsurveysoverthelandswhich sodsoiuaotherpublictoads,udteep•oceedapaidoverI t s buraas have been discharged. thereof, tbe property so required snail as trsaafarred to respects similar to that ef tee settlers on the Dry Woods, PmrirgtbefieeaiyearendingJane30.1-40.andtee aesaagovernmutatapropervaluation,tobeagreed Iwouicrecommendthattoeprovatoaoftheto*beexmrvtee daring the p a t yearTto aareettog report at the Sapartetendut of te* Sonpea betwaa tbe parties "quarter ending the COlb of September tost, 16 385 3ol seres It a skair tee duty of thai gaweraaaai to eraand accuracy a the rearn of the eaatsmeat The ShwWBees. B'*mM8. u d ths oonr>derated buds 0' the cleika of tbe raited "~-*— C«—ocr—te—ca—aao-tPeorms, Wees, aad Piukesaaws, belong a Ibatctossoftodiuswbosetandabaabaadivided Axedand»m.esabttstodsattaysfthsadtvMuat awaiton of the tribe, sad are held meat of the ^ J * * * ^ - * * ' W - " " -condition The bulktags are air awany They have been ooastrmaed te eextottag. Title te tond usdw ths British pveanantbe Swrrved from the Crown, tither dtrectly at towitl:a the llmite of s trtbsl rearvstioa, but a ned amoag the wanetequesup1 expored to all ths evtto raaltwg f n a uuareiBwa atoiooarse w i n has whites. Tbey are a a •reat diffioalty to eaasarateg ths teas,directly. Banna ccwMoy have, or Crown at area abWate the "taB^ta'we reject ths literal ; tha warda ''hatesgag toosly BBsksag u progress, bat are rapicly " aad I teat ocnadaat aat^unlees rathtotrafflc.widely differ in fbehr soBuoea sad tear rrrtosttonofTaw awtta* at tea tones to *Hthru tows are deeated mtogetber dtearapa*tteaaa a thsbeioouf rem at the 'a equtvatoat Is "ossupad by1 aolhiag a thewordsaf"*"ef usa. assy willefttatreesyHaaea,Bocasebaswsry.>tUntitled Documentwcuidbeenforcedagainsttoem. lissttanttonhaving beea paid to ths notice, the agon: for the Cheruksa, aet- tnguaderordersfromtbeIsdtoaofBm,barecentlyv.-prosperity.for tto aasplettea of the eighth census ths s u a oftheIheruktadonottutthetond,IwouldrecommeBdtreaty of Sew Ecbota that tbe toads e -ded to the Cbero- kets"sbaUaaotuturetime,withouttheireonasnt,be ltftcdedwithin tbeterritorte)limitsorjwadiottoDofktown of tbe impcrtana, directioa aad chauneto of ear nlou «xtcm IOBtf hereafter required, aad arsmsmum mtended te the Oasts raervai ion1 am ef tea optotou, ttttrefore, that the snpervtetes oftee tatdfca Bertu aigbt be iifaawteiid to the W a Da-oartmrut wtth gnat propriety aad aaVnategs. If all the wt!t amount to 888JtO, to tto aval Uat u fortner storwere uder ths tmmedbUe order aad erahral of a a ae-partaeat tbey would necessarily feel a m e n direct ra-neaaibiuty, waah would certainly secure grater ef- States waishtl tor ths another- .nstrict of teat State.resuia. aa a clearly indicated by the decreae a aat ef Liberia that. toUea tha governaast af the United•mpreaing upon them the necessity of maintainingfriendly rrtotioss wttb tha whites, sad anurtog themthat s e a of violence asd raptee will be sure to draw uponthemseverechataemeat.Thabtteraouratobadaaaiytbrosgb ute malum of ofnan of tea army, stationed onthe remote frontier, a engaged a expiorag and survey reetmmendUtens beretoiore aade for a reorgaaastion of The dfitoaaa w e ntondad, however, and tea oxcult, If not impossible, to maintain uniformity and cer tatrty te tbe execctioa of the patent towsIn oreer to rarry out ttto paitoy af tta awnrsatest tor anpprtsung tee Afr as- slave trade, teen tow 1EcfeebL 1 a tbey are by s voyage !u crowded Private property a the soil asd Its product* stbnnlatos u d eight hutdrec and lorty one caveats filled. Three snd with scant pruvtoron, ecuneed witha ouranre a eats, Because 01 tbe exanl oi oar a i r .tery, rmbraeag every variety of soi'. and climaie, th-? iheap- Bta of tsnd, and tbe itcl'ty with white tto produoa c a to Brsasaarted to asarket. Tto liberal aoproprauoasto ay Uat the sate resstei hsve been prudaoed amonethe Chocaws, (nickaaws u d Cberokets. who still hoiitheir isnas u tensna a crnatnoa. The tenure to oomraonis bot Boateal wtth these tribes, every mem oar of teamto protected to tbe uadtoturbed possession of tbe home to mad* by Grngrtiss a its last seesitin te uoouragtarest of seven yeare to fit him for tee duties of ctrsenUphas maue tor hiinaeir in tbe eomsms CoaaaiB.aad tyj right teto most uaefat art. r'-reived tbe ctuerfui sanction of tee Our system to productive of anm fgitoc. cmetty o>'propertemha8*1ieandthecropsaeraisesonthem people,andthauepe*usesthastoburedfaithrollyto tothenUEfsrtunste beings-batowing tothepre- are u asstwdry respected a if be held them m fee u d in carry out the bee-patent ioatruouons of Coagrcst. Dili judice and distrust of cur people, it is dtfficuli to sag severali.y. Nowhere are Me intercourse tows an gvst lrcuiry baa been marie ior a e best vari-tia* of seeos gem s change which would *•* arcrptabie to a.i aaywhich,with theappropriation heretofore made forato set vtoe, will made tbo entire ouet of tbe proseet ennmaza- MOBabout 81 641.0(10. of whah a m aaout 81<80t.06« andthereserwelyingsouthatwhattoknown a tee Calhounline. It awpears from tee records sf tbe department teatowtog to a s error to protrscttog tea northern boundary attie antral toad ths lias a n aads to run eight or sinemiles south of tee true Boundary, tohvi=g outo da of tbereserve, at marked an the map, a strip known u the• Dry woods,'' wh*h shosid bate seen u t u ' a it.Itwasgeaerail)believedtbatgthedrywoodswaapanofths New Terk rsenrvattoa, aa whtoh sstttomento warspermuted, sad a ths attlers there bad gone a te goodtaite u d made valuable arprovwsaaatta, the agent didsot molest teas. Believing ayastf that tha settlers uthetracta question aretowabiding attlsen,Uattheyestablishes themselves there to g a d faith, sad a uttr-ixnaruM ef the t r a p s a they were osramlstag, u d teattree hsve expended large u n a to opening and improvagtheir farat. I teak tt would to s great hardUfp ifthey ware now compelled to remove. I save,therefore,suspendedthsexecuticnefthetow worldteevaluesndexttatofthaexchangeoftaepro- ar*retaadpiraaagSBttocreatesafasewjauFrom until the a d of the approaching Beaton ducts of labor. We have so central potat of atetteucal the uiijr—MltTna mads to a i euaalder u additamal of rung!mi, te order that they may have u knoetodge by which we can shew the connection and ecurt room a a n aiuaaary u d more preaing In u ndepeBdence of the several Stales 0 ton each tttbar tor their Biufogtee required mutate for banning* sew j*i.. i materaiUvutemen. ud prosperity tt -itruethat tat*adoptedttapandeateaedbyMr Cars,architoet cses a each period of ten years the country w supplied for tha aepartrnut. The propated structure wooid to withcertain lafonuamm regardingoaragrtonitaral, snfltewsttytaatefnlsndatpainginBppaarsaa.>e paid tote< marshals and their assiaaate, te accord- nee wtth the rates ostabltobed by ths tew af 1*50, ior, a the want at aay dethute rule or SBStted aoiiey on tee part at degree* m respect to apsworartotieaa for theu local ebieeto. tt to difficult to designs!* other asd sddlttoul hsareweaaate whteh ought to be aade at a a expena at tha Untted fhaira•iTDlULtaTSosnechanga a thetowsare required to enable testdepartment to rwcure aniforutty snd to esfaree extottagreaatattcas te ressro tojsdtoal exnessa of tbe govern-mr-Bt,aadIreMwmy former recommendation 00 thtotstject wtttorttoaatadttaaapow^,^eaptitode tod, tad shows thattha rcatiiatan • a aBoscouldtogins aa iview of then tows, and acare prsctloaT efficient, would, a myato the part of New T a b a d delivered to tee tattedPtatet sbould pay to tta government of Libera tee tame par oapito consideration which bad bees sitowed teeOato- niationSemttyfortheiraaateuumfortwelveatratths, be coukt not orsaat to rearn them teto htt cowatry.barracks, where ao u e sympathises with or can aadwr- etead them, with BOB.; interested to study their wants or V •I'riTSM'iT to their neottaitier, teen aippad again uponcntorae the City Eatl ter,the anonnimorlBliiwi 0; tta 00arm The only quaattts af dtoarsston white a r a a to tew tovernmeat Eopital tor tha Isaac is herewith tuoa.i sfThai ha-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 