,";*••ar>-»Fabian listened till the sound of retreating foot- eletonis a jovial lad, and treated me to aU my friends among diAlraa itdUd tkit naj nwntiaf—it waa way, and while Gower went forward te look out arranged in his tent a few hours afterwards by his steps was lost in the distance, and then he tamed pipes and ale—nsmg each like aharo himself"— soon became very much attadiad t* ^ ^.-^ier, were the three men whodo»'t bear yon any malice who lost bis life in to swim throagh Hell|m^dear mother, and feeUng aqr very mnch, thongh everybody m-..^.?:.:;^yjy^" I've ahandsome fsce flushed with\ .with and"waa aaar when arrived. Fabian Electra, listen to me." He spoke quickly and adventure Gower Trogus upon the rockyThe honest ofburghers New-Amsterdam,as its Manfully then did Albert's stout sinews, tough- chief:'his he shot Gower dead and Ihawing pistols,isooaded Trogns in the right shoulder so severely tt»t the luflSan fell to the earth and begged for aaeicy. On reflection, Fabian resolved to spare theleast. head."goingyourfromdemons. The last man, within their recollection, huge more than a human being, apeaad bone and the cords of her neck wen uiades.he continuedI have?'' piecescaught. Heisonly" coguettbi^¥r^'^^ - -i^^SV^'^^i.r^^^S'^iilMtadJathaiMMUkeni put of ~the understand the bis rn tell against felt snie. Bboold she. atcuif,) Mt two iMsatlfal his tent. ter Iromwere Saul, Jasper and An-tryingoat the fire of liis pipehim, and then\ Stt.lM*iBC«ttlieedge of the chasm, the ruf- proachedHughNo one then living could say to whomnew-cemer was her dreadedofyellow, shaggy hair and tangled beard, andarms soI passedlimped""fears of us, for Ithat theenraged'''.Jtaa 4ioMtDif wlieeled around, drew their knives, aad maheil o^n Fabian, of whom they thought to ike ^eedy work. But they were mistaken.What he had tohe daredmean thatshouldn't have looked and acted asharmdeformedty,and at once set about dressing his woond as well as be could, with a view of getting Idm back to the camp. This magnanimous con-did mean any violence, what object could they liave in-sUaia's life ;some rumors the adventure of strange concerningher lover, but as yet she had not arrived at thelike this clad in loose robes of a red- claws, thingone had a switch to punish him for stealing chaaaa, be ke5pPt -just at a safe distance, and made a hnr..1better send you winescore oflisteners,as Ids sneerdeepenedrather share thethe tribe,was asfollow- tlv eaeaigtit, and noate would have questioned him, juston aftervery shyly,of her fitnees to be Mr. tmSua'a^4nctnotonlyastoundedTrogus,butit didmore'<when her movements were c~^lapMW.HeadvisedourheronottoreturntotheentranceofGondebald.cladseated in an oaken chair in!you goawayto catch him.kopail la«dM bis :.^~^^l|:fiiaBdand hetoJataianas faraait should lay Inupon it,was,in theend, rather inclined to"unclestole mefrom'Meantimehad reached the wood at aheart,promisedforever afterleathernOhtoatake,')«r'«ai makeit atonce,forIwould emwiUbepermlMedtogofree/' intothepstli.dreadfoBy_,Jl^O» duatk^dgrfT^^n^v^r^^f:x:...taTeMUeW^Ms •iM^haiidMaahimself as as before the bravely possible king.have looked Utn with than amust make it that appearyon escaped by yourbat it was__ J plBinp and dimpled; eyes yonr Kingprisoner ;thingand her hair of darkest teown, B«th called to give ua your evidence touching ttUs ned to let Mm go."you hie heels as his comrades vowed tbe chal- "Hold 1" cried tbe yo"ntb, as the villains were lenge was fair ; youngage, and spent hisadded bimaeif to oar.,. J girla werebeaatifol beyond deacriptioo,to—youth's doings to-night.Let us hear your story.away. you say, whydo you leave these bonds upon me 7" would dare the unknown horrors of the p"^lace thattime**beenwith a ieeling away,JR»ord""^^tS .had he returned next day and said: As I waa veiT tindd and eby, X-l.at Though grave and'liaMa"«sallHitt4ad with aa true a Fabian to Atherstone. We started, as you di- very frank with him so he left her ;'Ibit JOkittim upon; and Leda waa rected. When we reached the stream near the of satisfaction, which would doubtless have been MJSfwpathJted witbher in evary- edge of the forest, we found that we had lost our changed to rage could he have overheard the plotand then hurried ing close behind him.biswoald net <Bdy jireveat the oaioo of discovered, master Fabian jumped up and shot Febian, bat iJao plnnge both the bim with a pistol which he had dravm from his Mk> oaapeakaUe and life-long wretched- bospm. I burned forward as quickly as possibleto help my companion, but the young man had an-He nestled inormylap, mysleeve,thought is it V"Gondebald bent his head a moment, with hisyears, Garrbolt saw fit to make it his habita-I looked at Miss Marianfinger pressed upon his brow, and then he ap-it be- thoughjailor.The Red Dwarf was aand to vvife.judgehead,interrupted byghostlyawaywithyou. My —liam. Howgravelysweet bis vdce aaaade^ a»speakyears ago—his chief.aloud, even in that place; so he whis-villain.Iyou thought youman, perhaps thirty years of age, with a savage and bro- tal visage, as scarlet as vermillion itself; withnotperea it into the lung's ear. Mohammed started as he caught the idea, and convulsively gasping his:! It shall bedone !"Near the middle of the forenoon—an hour afterthe conference between Mohammed and his cap-TenMissKenyonmust liave been-counsellor the hand, he exclamiea byyonthat the hunchbacked monster resembled awily" Good Gondebald, it shall be donelongIke eanp, as tbeking woold certainly take further "Sit down, Electra, sit down," her father said. point where a narrow, blind Jiunting-path woundto sign away all his property to him to get mekm.; thus iiinting, although kawonid not expressly acknowledge the truth,which their owner, perchance, was counting whenthe hand of death smote him, sudden and sure.The hunter Vas a man of nerve, and did not hesi- the dwarf. " I saw his tracks near the house and said Mr. William, smiling.oMoettaa'!labaiaC amtle.jrate^jif* agaiiutAat bhammed had ordered him and Gower to Is it not se?"and he also hinted about other dark deeds that might be done, and earnestly besonghtdeep;—ter became a man of money, married, and told hia wife!;IdBg'a power.BatFririanretomed tothecamp. The journey" And I'll wager agoldencrown thatyouwerethat the dwarf was of low in-" men who were f" I have seen aa manyIstrange-looking creature,virginsdeep cogitationunanimouslysnappedhissharp teeth,and tried to sink themalighted on my shoulder, cnnckling, in hiaone. She waa aand resolveda^Mtno^ aad-ake bsd brought with her away flontb many en item of mysticI aakaown.amonc the English Gipsies.ever dreamed ot Do you know the atory of the terrible cltarm she wears at her girdle ?"When Fabian told INone hisshe rockedhad been called " The Skeletonbolt, pale and death-like, was peering from below. attention to her crotchet work and the crow al- Theweightandimpetusofthevanquisheddwarf ternately. ShehadjustfinishedaCrimeandk-Jvndftoandbo,andaoon !" and then warning the youth to l>e on hishowever and as lorhad ven- sensibleso guard, she dismissed him, with a promise to com-municate someand plan lor his and Electra's futureparticular " Bones of the finger. I think.""Poison? No—muttered,!"in his tone and manner, "was there poison indaring, anynetting for her hair, and Mr. William admued itand laid it her Wit lizen very much, afalaatstory,"posed of human bones ?"" I ha»e heard so,^' said Electra, shuddering.iund ofshunned dwellingHouse," and no urchin,tured within a mile of it ;Knickerbocker's going there, the very idea waspreposterous.But Hugh Garrbolt, with a sneer that had beengrooving his thin, hard face for sixty years, defied"in^fwrtant secrets to him on the.bones they arc ?"not a bit of it. makes )0U ask the question?"Whywhatwill be and for sale at all the bookstores.onwaatofaucia"SosoonDidvounotknowthatthatcharmwascom- arm.He took a seat as he spoke, and wlien site had "its devious way among the big trees, and Anselmo had taken a small lantern from beneath his frock to help light tbem on, for it was very dark in the—back donotleavemeWhyhe baa nodone thetosaytoyou. Ithinkyouhaveheardsomenews.same,:something"ing to seek old Dione, were you not ?"" Yes," Eleanor replied ; bat she looked down as she spoke, for her father's gaze was fixed upon herThe moon was not—tate to appropriate the treasuredid not fail to tell of what he had seen in the chair Instantly seeinghe said not a word of what he had taken from the tellect if not an idiot, Albert did not wiah to shed coquettes as I have of our mucii-almaad tand the the rank Ms pneerver not to place himself again in the about to go out after information. You were go- foliage of the great oaks. Saul held the prisonerUU Fabian1 have heard vague rumors," she replied.forest.stars could dart but tew beamsyet up, through" Not so, Mr. Allen,'' ssid the Isdy, sevarety.his side as walked, while Anselmo kept as near upon the other side as possible. Fabian remembered hismidnight they andbecouldnot sternly, and the fair girl was startled as slie heard precipice,the latter truth leaked out when the hun-f.^i - ma ltpar> aa Trqgo* conldnot travel fisst ; and itso keenly that she could not meet it. ".'at onee sent for yourself; she wears them to mark the num- groan.him. On being ber of those who have fallen into her fiendish poison in it, tell meif there was dying, let meare foolish in it than there is inall known and unknown demonsaadt^ekkig^MSttODed, Trogua told his story to the astounded nottOB, who raved wi»h fury on learning the issue ^ th^ attempt upon our hero's life.-ItIt I am your body, my master, youwith a scoff that made the good burghers' hair bristle over theirwhich was pretty and abundant.Just then a humming-bird attractedJUw lUO-to their wishesty.fixedwings, may tame him and haveliam. and laid ittM ''^~"TlQ^sI pivauses,%tbne Gipsies were sent to bring Fabian to itdown Nizfat them to see the tiny bird makincandhis cuehaving beenandyoucompany. to killputto^s apartment.id and Gondebald were ill at ease. The ittot unless he should be able to be-n the king, he himself wouldIto take thefascinating Leda to"you must have eaten too much, and drank tooin the younggreat boy's crow.,eyee who haa find the missing articles, I felt the sharp eye ofwords ofprolong his eemajfcs the door was open and our Sti°.*l' 'J'' "">"« apartment by Ae three raf-—to speak to you of this Fabian. Ah you start.thT v^ Sread onr-lf^-arrsgant xonfEdeace ; batere he couldtheearth. Bethentook" that andthe of J " Is there," said Garrbolt. dear friends bad end. But nothing wiU go wrong you in a mass, fleshings aow^nt of most de«<li» o,L^®" '"*<» ""Monsieur Hughwill,'icalculated the acenV. upon; so, on the firsthe demeer paidimprovedcold and *«*••,They soon by mingled threatseight-and-for-" hie I have clippedvon's down, withMmowas not "laws toUmt to Mnderhope concealment opportanity,him,&oma ing of good wjl to kla species, andgivenGarrbolt was But when he returned on the third dayKtectra dared not her disputeI all bis dearest hopes. Ttie king, tatefather,andyetsupportingprisoner. !vneneeted and return of escape'(me tbeI wish I did notsuspicion.damar cause tor disquiet and greater raaaniiitn fear Fabian, than resulted from our be-anyplan. True, shedidbelievearound his lips, "and found some musty papers which toldcorn with the crows, if it 'away a Summer-house,garden, where I hadj>-aoia kmtreaoocsdttem ia bla'own (laik breast, and triedto assume apersonal friendship.was but father will have them killed.mine, good cry.lot and inltnimrti over £lectra. Dione kadesbbpeied-atnMe thion io his ear, and her aayatie.ipaiBingsbaa^ea&Mdliimtotremble. Of tbieae tbtna he eonld aat apeak to ^ndebald, butme that an old buccaneer had lived there, and "I am John," said I, "that a crow can I sat down on tbe ^und, and laid my sure, *toils. She must have fifty of them to make theall She now charm powerful.know !" - BlessThere was no more a maiden's kiss."The House of the Skel- The burghers waited two days, and then noddedHhe has Leda!"her evil"Nol no!" cried Electra, really tenified. "O,emphatically. youpoison"Then what is this faintness which comes overbe fButIknow assertedGondebald,clouds of smoke that through Hughcannot "? it?"can I not see as I would?Why What isthe ofainvisible in cup hollyhoek1of her. At her is limited present poweryou aubmit to her wiles you are lost !"andMajaroil'ndtbel!" ejaculated Saul, stopping,I told the he'd kingthe burghers openedtheir and eyesocldand when we had looked e» where and e not'x.she was unwilling to believe that Dione could medi-andWhat is all thissuch cruelthat the woman was a witch, but still she felt some confidence in her Gon-and wentinto theand indulgedYou are interested."Anselmo, as he was ris- from his lantern, and served him in like man-MyI have been a better boy everhe ata a gathered shoe-ahop,—ing " Aye I am interested," the maiden replied, nercare of. The burghers smoked several hundred pounds since you came here,takelisEscape. formofaddress "BscaperrafMWwildendInthefaO, the aad^andlaffMOanatiAfidt,vJAhia fiteds"TfMj»»*,'•be"MMhwaaeaonwaaaM^Ae gipeies when ad- _.«!?• *«»*•'*• l«W««eaeape. Away throat, tbey boond Iriamipiaa a*atn«l angieeled by foaaip, glaacefor the blow you gave me, nor for the effort -ngniU tribe wUeh hm4 lehno three hardened wretchea, who were bound she feared that she might expose herself, so she made to escape, for I tbonld probably haveM'WtJl^W ftnn, with deep blae IdHt of cqnatenance, shaded byHerboen mere inacbines of torture in his bands. " Lis- "was upon her. "got my hands upon you while the smart was inOne fine day some phlegaatic yootii, who en-yeanwhomIlived to caaftmtl^3ii^of Wght, 8>niui;-browii hair. IMlitae waa the daughter ^!ffiag'B chief captain.!"w&m,.,^ efa9J^^w>good, hoobi beiaf of atall ladafierseems a wrang ttf)Leda,tbe daughter of Mo-;that were let off on Tou that is the only reason I have never entered tbatand who looitedupto me as aof crimesmates and m together—we have beenthe laws executed on you; so be gives you this anybody yon purpose.indignation,andand peciallythePollards,whowereTheypresent, seek further inlormation from her father,ybuGate withoutan whenthatother pistol which he fired at me. The ball;na that Ifohanuead ahonld give his in my shoulder. He would have killed me came down to the cell, and brought Fabian some ills arms but the tbonc wsscalled in tiie aki of her stout and stemhappy boy when heto Gondebald and lodged; if he could."food and drink. It was Baal, the robb^—or, in;tough proof againstbrother,delighted I was with my black I evea pet.-• rs^-^.o^W^MMd.te ntnrD waa to give his daughter Elac- " What have you to say to this ?" demanded Gipsy parlance, the ottilador. He seemed a fit-ills utmost In a uttle while he tried strength.the ridilous undertaking.had she dreamed of thisIiada in marriage'^ |[HlB''Viwiilagn to Mohammed. The announee- Mohammed.ship-owner,peri-had filled the hearts of the twosay. Hehadexpectedsomethingofthiskind,andyet the cool falsehood of Trogus for a moment con-he waa a bands of the Gipsy king.At first the youth did not know what to"and good old cutlass tbat had cloven the scalp-lock One I waa in tbe in fooBt evening yardsayonlyanyit had been built;horriblydid, then what meant this secrettain Electra sat alone in her tent. She had heard the camp ? And, on the other hand, ifkeepingwas— and she resolved to seek old Dione, in hopes that render their work the more easy. He ponderedGo be my wife when Hugh comes backtruth.The weight ofdenying it ?She's totable a goodly store of silver and golden coins, force my father, the husband of Garroolt's sister, felt."Yes I can.suspenseagonizmg,and, alter striking a light with flintandaway?.loise. Miss Kenyon went toward him,gain further light. She had risen,hewillmurdermeif girl, clasping her snowy hands.thereand was about to draw her light mantle over hershe mightanddoubt the troth of the villain's assertions.!towardMr. whomhelikednexttome. WUliam,one chance, and that waa flight. If he could break avra^ from the villains, he mi^ht save himselfmth such thoughts in his mmd he walked quiet- believed that the sorceress possessed more than ly along for some time. By and by he hesitated, mortal power. and turned towards the man who held him by theand evil-eyed man from France set the town in an disdaining the weapons in his belt, and having cast " Let us stand back and see him bury hi* aside his cutlass. For fully half an hour the con- cheese," said Mr. William.uproar by declaring that he intended to penetrate test was doubtfiil, but at length Vandemeer. exert- When they were at a safe distaace, he lie* to the spot and make the house his abode. From ing all his prowess, hurled his foe headlong down down, and hid his cheese in the earth. Mies Ken- the very day that the hunter had told tiis tale the the trap, just as the head and face of Hugh Garr- yon sat down upon the door step, and gaTe tier"No," the maiden replied, wonderingly, for she" Did never hear what youthat food you brought me?"—For the continuation of this sketch see the num- curls, so and old m^-Uw^ Cbh'I wan- scanty,"Gondebald soon learned, bone is Irom the right fore finger of a girl like ing bis right hand upon hia bosom and uttering atry" but that is not all. Aye,Because I feel it here,"the youth, press-Mark methrough their spies, that Trogus waa in his tent, and " I do not feelHofaammed andrEachreplied right. 0,, brown hair,haseye upon you and!attention. She^^9* taMBlBlBr^JB;but,if gering, "leaning heavily his uponguide.chief."Tears wereJ wy uaHere,debald seemed to read the girl's thoughts, and he The man thus addressed set down his lanternwouldpresently interrupted them"But, my chiW, I did not mean toobey. This washadthrown the villainswhere to dig for this.crowns from under the table."the seat and was crymg bitterly,Oione when I began Ihim andhefrom tiis the crimson net;I dug these 20,000 goldennf ver be tamed." „•You are mistaken, Miss MadeUne.beside mweh.ei^Ithoughlook of eaay aaaSiaBee, and spoke a siifTicient warning of a great danger. 1 meant effort, and with one blow he sent Saul reeling toone two or three years, that was tamedisgorged pumping process,crof ithou^t;occurred to me, for now I havegiventheeofl^ their guard, he gathered all his for the strength'" But, said Hans Van Schleeper, the inn-keep- George hadspeak am glad that theopportunityAs soon as he saw that he hadplottedfor.of ihewhichourhero. ,.i, .. Brotherlow of Night gromblingoffafter a moment's hesitation. " I sliould be foolish at the top of his speed. Li a little while, however,youare all welcome to that!"have thethe ssme way, bnt I liad Mil something stolen Miss Kenyon's net, liher faand^ponlwr heart "But," wiameillfilUMfii,watched l£^flf*Mi!hiTWt aewaed to take noUa with other qnarrellnga " the particular natUe offljriWBg ajptinnof a mostandT«ry tny with adeshes to save the rmJUtV -\ta«2rfBthj,l»^e called me to Ua oodoisM'.glipg bravely on,Saul soundedwbaae final' debt whenthe^^ "rr. .:. — — -— ypllauBtaacbhaskalioaiWfJoMnasterFaUan,yonhavehadquite muetdi.' tbooghthesad-sdvisedr''I was a motherless cliild, snd lived with the fam- la^wWaaair--^--—-,-al^^«*o addressed :'tbiB little Starrlong while upon the matter. It WMTe^Snt that, if Fabian were to trial, Ua coMsmnatiooafidashedidsohisfootwliicb sent him hesdlong among the onderbnish.yearsheartedwidowheldbarbeaddroopingiy,asshe ilyofKr.Allen. TheAlienswereiotasJ»efmj«grbaokatoiaoaMonday.broughtrcliow, for our plain laws caoaetbeait aiida,OathenextinstantSaulwasnponh,with a;mind,bybytheytable ;-i^iSXl'JOt«r 0ff,9»m^m^H»r»lligtheVaaaiBithdtralaCrniryonhaveanyaecusauon willbeopenedtohfai,aathoaabbyaccident,and stoutlestberatbong,andthendraggedbimhack aulWltb one of those thepewsrfol efforts, by which having by the side ef-lbia. Aay wiadowalfte'JbMiw whereof I am accused." „ ^„ _ aiaidencould at tiaiea most bomd his sables as bad: -thoaahaltlMBr right qofc*lT,"r.9>Badllc*am. eattcely ceotroi tne they done hia srms,tlnM side.ef.M«; HMlMbespokebe cast his eyes over the emdon, she eahaedthe wild beatiagof leadering him vtimtfyimtaiatt, either for S orroam, aa tkoogh he would assure hhnself that all Eaesrsfhoenaarte, thus utterly eonceaiing the feelings icaisunee.to the will of their master, as thongh they had spoke from the necessity of concealment which done the same myself; tbonih, I must say, if I'd exploit that flhiahed pipe and life forever.qaeen- ten," the king proceeded, and answer me truly Uid'st thou not slay our faithful servant, Gower ?"I am"said, that yon have told me my head, you got taste ofa>ybut twas in self-defence." Don't add fiilsehood to yoiu otheranxiety when I heard of Fabian's We danger.have been children together—wehave been play-!in. He seemed to be in great pain, but he bore companionship muchlaterand I will not deny that Istudy,:glad,""X did feel much Saul's muscle. However, safe now, and to go and spend a stormy night in The iSkeleton'sthis;easy.you'reI'll tell you what this thing all means. The House."friends withstid Albeit, as his so it wss. And Ishefor now I shall be moremlsbt have a bitter•• I did shoot him;Beware, sirLet Trogus be called."Inafewmomentsthewoundedgipsywasbrought warmfnends. I havelearned to priie his chanceofescape. Bntmindyou,youmuan'tteU J'«''eupon more,friendly affection. But, even to bear me compa-more— musn't "e, youbeing frightened. Sirs !" said I didnt mean that you were," responded thethe old house had been untenanted forfancied we would doas Vm alive, we don't mean to harmbut in theThere were remains ofpretty. beantythough youyouto hurt a hair of:We're notOur hero wondered if Saul spoke truly. If hetearsnever made tbem a bott forAndhtM»pi«DtltdlgnaUon and miseryVtothebseelwled nook te consalt to- founded him. He tried to catch the villain's eye, The prisoner hsd a ttiougbt of poison in tiis mind> nigh exhausted pass it, home from ills office. He lisd neraraad they had1 if poeiible, comfort each other. Bat but without effect.JBe sank back once more against the tree, wellsoon on bis faideav way towards tbe awful spot, nor did with Night, when Mr. WUiaaIfMM (ipalra upon rararaltincunkm.;butnotuntilhehadtriedto kill mecould cast off the lashings bam his limbs. He was" The Skeleton's House" was of onea half, square in shape, and built in the midst of a dense wood, here and there broken the. lenilted this question, they heard foot- and Electia, by Fabian's com-thence down into the cellar. This cellar seemed to be nearly as broad in extent as was the sur- face covered 'by the main part of the trail ding;that is, if you improve it. However, we'll see by remembered a remark he bad heardas his my pet through process l»/»»>Jfa»g aad sight grew clear and true, he traced his cheese till it was gone, and tliea tie;The pow- and so, all they was to du sooner than sub-Uy lord," he finally said, addressing the king,before, thoughthat dark, manwastoma. I[fontoit coold they cheiiaii.waa^abaolutawas led, and another door was f'tha tiibe approaching, named Gower and presentlylished in our columns. We give this as a sample. his cutlass ready for anything man Be tiad never called me he hadXiiey were vile instnmients of the gipsyto me tiefore. His voice waaspoken swaet apt—the forest, Fabian became convinced that 40nfiaaeaeanttodohimharxa. Hewascer- tiki tbat they were not on the path to Ather-What monster ?" said Albert. The Red Dwarf! The monster that my uncle has placed over me to keep me in'%HWH^atsne ; and aa tliey drew near a frightful chatm,sharp eye upon us ?"whkh rushed a turbulent stream, he saw, by the demeaaor of Gower and Trogns, that theking'swill," saidWe shalltbaoniit"Then it is clear enough that we must not havetion,there stood a time-wornedifice,in in ofplace you safety spite every dwarf, red,have built castles in tlie sir evtiry day andfor a week, on the small capital of a giaae gamtlB- man, more than twice my yeara, having eaUad aaname. Butnow rfiaatewaa by my given myIbnt under of But I dare not do it now. But—my cap-bleak,— tbem thiu farParkofNew-York. Isolatedanddays, with no attempt at ornament upon its rudewalls,whention.longed, or by whomgray-haired men told that it had sprung as from the earth, unmade by mortal hands, and fit only for the lurking place of smugglers, desperadoes or"this man hath spoken falsely. I did shoot Gower,thonghmoonlightto set his wits upon some expedient whereby be covered the now well cleared Park.he had beenwould hardly dare tell wiiat a lioro efltiM40*w*iBifhtcommunealone. The what•A Md'One, for Fabian bail also heard "Why," replied the man thus addressed, asHarkfirmlyspeakto me.;— '"^WidlKbenorflactiawasof Gipcy parentage,secured until you can give him such trial as ourhis companion, Anselmo, bore him com-;leafy canopy, and reveal the hounds, not a dozen cutlass in hand, he entered^-not fearing forty piece and ate it ;then he burisd it iiiiii, aafl jawalone ^^- tJM kelaBse rayetery waa connected with them " Ton are right, captain." And then turning to pany.:4[Mft^^iicli die mjght at some time unfold. She -^S>|ji(|ffce wained-Febian to look out for liis safety-"," Well, my master," spoke the former, how whole truth unfold itself to Fabian's mind. Thus when his became accustomed to the gloomand again dug up tiis cheese, and having made aa-;'"f^/T^^INl^aiV^^^itt^lfgUjtit the Hood of one whom ibst fkab—see that he is secure." !;other quotation from it, which lie atef J4ptis«kill» %ad^OJwi to BUctraflewbacktome, peeking my haad^•^'''.'•¥^Che bn«n were filledwithdismay. Their only ment, and Ansehno the rear. Jasper bringing up7Fabian. But would the brutes take his life ?.'"inThat may depend upon what I gain by the ex- destroyed him;derous villainy of the deed. They would think worm.eaten table, while many a mouldering bone he had escaped from his prison and fled to the of its frame lay damp and dark around it."ought?''1youth'swetodoand so hot-breathedare cloae at the entrance of a met the they tomb,reached, which was opened with a creaking sound, and be-stables, into a small yard, where they were joined by Jasper, a ruffian whom we have once beforeunexpected,The continuation of it from where it leaves off or demon, was but the work of an instant, withhere can be found only in the New-York Ledger, the active Albert. A pressure forced steadyMadeline, hanAfwhichr fiad to do his bidding, no matter how solid stone walls, and an arched ceiling, into noticed. In this yard were secured two largetogether, and their disguises were a* upon him.our hero aa he entered, but their stout chains pre-vented their him. he reaching Nevertheless, was, , ,_ i Tariooa as there were occasions for their toWhat next to expect Fabian was hardly preparedguess, though "^l^Jftt. ^t)Bf aommoned Fabian, in the King's name, thing.hefeared it would be some eviltheir savage movements, for he knew31, you comer, ways did, for I never look in any one^ eyea fiD I of the story from where it leaves off here. were scattered alxiut. Perceiving a door nearyondappeareda tomb-like with dungeon,upthe great family paper, which will be ready on. the trap, and a flood of light poured in npon the manly a full, round, deep voice, and yet aa Mattftb^moas the service. They generally which the youth was thrust, and the door shut powerful blood-hounds, which leaped furiously atMonday, and for sale at all the stores throughout small apartment above, from a window there as if he were reading poetry. I felt myaaU Itada the City and country, where papers are sold. wide open. Entering stealthily, Albert stood all over my face and neck when lie spoka ta aaab Bememtier and ask for the New-York Ledger of erect and looked about him. A cot-bed was in and Isoswered witlioat looking op at him, tmlal^ March and in it will find the continuation one and several rode articles of furnitureknow that the country is already becoming hot fancy the presence of the interloper.and a Night, bring piece—about us V that the oflScers of the law have aWho ? "The Dwarf!—"Yes,mylord, Iamawareofthat."Marian. IshouldhavelaidupmyovmnamefroK before the wax of the Revolu- %" I have seen no such animal," said the bewild- his lips, as an especial treasure ; it weald hava"And 70U know that they are liable at anytime to come down upon us ?""Yes."the"prisoner,this horrible place."dissensions in our ownwas at hand. He had walked it not for that this trial should come off this very goni|^—him, now, pretext having ni|;ht.because another was aa as I had beeiLiMit Ua foot, lie stepped aside, and paused till theWhat new" I am not used toFabian, quickly and proudly.—tarn your countenance looks bright.spoiled, guishedkiadtydiati»<campat Were present.blue or black that ever breathed."A shrill yell, like the cry of some fierce beast, inthose thrilledupontheear,and,asAlbertturnedtogreet the ntterer, the door leading into the other cham- ber waa rodely dashed open, and the scream of ter- ror that pealed from the young girl's lips told himanyoneinhisfront,theother morning,andthefellowshouldbehangedbefore objectIdon'tthinkyou'llwanttomakeanyfees.greed,surelyready .expertofsomedozenormoreredsavages,Albertwas boose,whichwasasmallflowarbut it did not prevent blip from eating ;did not reliah the food quite so wsll as he might otherwise have done. Saul waited a little while, aahis defpite the roughness of tbe journey and the spirits for the wtiils seemed to revive, and he tried tangled maze of forest and undergrowth that thenand wtken I"A very pretty story," returned Monanimed, Fabian had eaten what he pleased, he walked startled him.andfired at this fellow, it was to escape his po^ard."thoughfromcurioeity,and then left.Whenthus engaged wtien liis ear caught a sound whicntall, was a finegrave:storyPerhaps, to keep him quiet, and thusdish brown, snarled," What are here for ? youthe left arm, keeping closehis blood, but ordenng him to get out of the way, he turned to encourage the girl.With a yeU and a bound the Red Dwarf was at his throat.Mr. William had probably kamni aaa* old maid's troubles, for a ahadow aaaaa^^ face, that, with all my timitftr.Iwaaci and he said, driving Vigbt back with hishelp feeung that these«aBt at once to th«'t«nt of JDione, and found the his tones. " If you trust tliat old witch you will two scoundrels ware meditating the same kind of first white settlers defiantly persisted in calling second his stroggles. The dwarf was a giant in" Catch him."The turd ,ssw tliat be was beingand he flew up, caught the piece m eheeae, anaBoseeiess up, and seemingly awaiting the arrival efNew-Y'ork, smoked theirfor three months inened in many a wrestle with his burly comrades, strength, and as active as a panther. He howled,stuiiwadadj.business as that wliich he bad before frustrated. like If such were the case, how should he escape ? He ba*e served as a model for any artist yourself. Her evil eye is upon you. Beware of her, had no weapon of any kind, while his conductorsIffetnee a witch to the life. Dione was or a worse &te shall be yours than any you were armed to the teeth. He could think of butYou don't know her. In Spaintrust a bengueshe cause<r the ruin of a thousandpipesSaul," he said, with much anxiety manifestbore Garrbolt down with him against one of thethemuch of that cold waterof him,"the and started to upon ground,jiiss Kenyon fixed me in upon;and then be dartedalone the narrowpath,and I wish I had'l">'°"°'i^TM»«l'^ in t5»e preaenee «f. veie I to attempt the concealment of so paloable il became evident to the youth that he must soon of strong Jamestown weed during the following to give you beside a crow."to tell her of Q»*" iaf,Wsbrutal^°Sii^r Jluu,f^ .""^'^^John. I am very much obliged todirectly."Captain, there was » sense of 8 troth.""lam glad that you are so frank with me, Elec-" Iyou, and I hope you will always be a good boy,"!Anselmo, take hold!departure theybe overtaken if he kept on in the path, for his pur- week, and on the eighth day resolved to claimam sure,but how could I ber carryit was, having iieea thm _who, though he but 'twas too late now. The only was in watch over table,whenyoungyounger.into the thickwhen the voice of wyWWgBHiy/ dose behind bim. He turned his head to looit ;worthy husband bed psidAlbert was but tenmM^Jt^ J"king ""sprangwildwood, and was strag-the only sonraspaetahleie^^^ia^in acaught stoat vine,Ten yearsmorehadpassed,andthaBaw-ToikLedger.It canta^ rti i i at linUntitlmed Diocument-5J3R-V-.,tjt*J=^ -^iii^- 4*-rioe^ike mivt.tqmi hIa flMIL Anaalaio eaaaa Vf, mmUmmwaianowinvain. Asha)tkj•*;« :forced Idm downtrusted. GondebaW stood at his which were rendina ber sonl. She could not plain- "Now," said SauL as be straightened up from shook then' heads as ha stepped so gaily, and said I had been and " very lonelypieaeat mightbeid1bUienidtt<rf%iUcIi fighthand;whilefiJrtherawhaayd,cboehnidnudctedtphreisloant- ly herloverplsoht,ebuttbattherewasaplot snziwoouisk,toknow. I tonwhatyonSebeenso hewaabyfartoodaiinsaaliadbeenhisfather,;he had risen. With the coming of theA49KiW some Omt at iumKthad aAwtsteps 4n the forest, and soon Fabian easily manufactured by those who have done talking with himself as he went. In this manner comes breaking through the forest ? It is the voice stony giants forcing their wayto the upper air. dreamed twice about him before Me had_ t^key had came to this concloaioD, they with a coarse chuckle. " Such stories are very about the cell, feeling his way along by the wall, Hark!What is thatgreat^'-^MMMflifc^iMr ; «ti«>eap<Hi Leda hastily quitted thegreat continued—"Good captain, you have heard all,he had spent an hour or more, when he was dis- turl>edinhisreflectionsbytheapproachofsomeone towards his place of confinement, and shortlycruelly so vengefully 7Why seem they so eager oaken shuttered windows, all aslonged,yetcrimes." Then to Gondebald, he turningof the bloodhounds Hark why do they howl so One iron bound door in front and two— ! ! strongweeka in the and I bouse,aadOUiDione, the Borcereto of the tribe, though he were reflecting seriously, "I can see afterwards his door was opened, and Saul again fing cries. Ha !—see ! They are here ! 'The tiously around it and faond similar entrance in buried it in tbe soft mold of a flower-bed ; aa (Ma.t^^lgfUilS it to blm and she had also hinted that but one course to pursue. The murderer mast be made bis appearance ; but he did not this time come moonbeams stream in throngh an opening in the the rear, bnt tbe door yielded to his touch, and as it was fiiirly buried be dug it up, aad HIaff %customs demand."the three men who stood in he added—yards away. skeletons though brawny sinews might clothe on my shoulder, but As if he had read it upon a fiery scroll did the them. At first he could discern noudng, but uphe immediate fllflad^iib^Our hero felt that further expostulation would placeandIshouldn'tthinkyou'dfeel manyre-ctBaa%x\be useless, so he followed Saul from the apart-grets "leavingit."woods, and that the dogs had there overtaken andLooking closely, the youth saw that wires had been used to keep its ghastly skull erect, and as his keen eye roved sharply around, he noticed a—But whither should they flee ? As they then proceeded to the rear of the building, and "I guess the exchange will be all in your favor,— The youth's blood seemed to freeze in his part of the earthen floor much more beaten down bim, to distinguish Idm from liis brother,I in.ffisbt ;and upon flight they at once In the narrow hall the guide lighted a torch, andchange," repliedWnUam, veins as this query came to his mind. He now than the remainder, and following this slight path his ofaswaJasper drop, and by." only a few hours tiefore in the kennel-yard, whileit to a comer where he saw a row of great iron " —r-Aed towards the camp, leering her but Saul pushed on to a far comer, where he When the party reached the upper hall, instead the dogs were so nneasy. The hounds had not spikes driven into the wall, and ending at a That's a droll fellow are yon fond of bi^iMbd^^ijbtet tbe intmdeis alone. found a door, upon opening whicii, a low, vaulted of turning towards the main part of the building, eaten a morsel for four-atul-tvtenty hours! small trap door above in the oaken ceiling. To line?" '.- ' VMu> sooD saw two of the most notorious nif- passage was discovered. Into this the prisoner they moved on to the rear, and passed out, by the The above is all of this story that will be pub- loosen his pistols in his belt and ascend with My heart thrilled as Mr. William ^okeayiapMkstartled'"'i^tr K^iWuiiiiij tliem, at once, to Atherstone, where In the meantime the Gipsy King and his captain their disposition too well, and he withdrew to the'-''Aey vneiomeet .Gondebald, and then set oat held an earnest consultation, during which they further comer of the inclosure. Jasper spoke to some expedition of great importance. Of exhibited much malice and rage, but did not seem the brutes, and bade them be quiet. 'They obeyedThe Ledger is mailed to subscribers at $2 a him, Albert boldly opened it and foand himself in know certunly that I look at a friend. I sail "f year, or two copiea for $3. Address your letters the presence of a most lovely girl of some fifteen or love Night very deariy."able to hit upon any satisfactory course of ac- him in a measure towards theHe then called to Misssister, who had come from New-T<ndt the 'weak before, to make a visit.,hehadtoobey'WM adll £reah in liis mind, he first went to hisMat sad anned himself with a couple of pistols, ing up, and walking across the floor. "Gonde- fiery eyes fixed upon the youth, and their low,but as Dione's warning tion.in the and and as her beautiful black country, elegantly illustrated, hope surprise, eyes;'wUdi be secreted in lus p ockets.Baibn the party had proceeded many mileskennel and lying downbut they still kept theirpercharacterized by a high moral tone.THE RED D^TARF.1 LEGEND OF NEW-YORK IN TEE OLDEN TIME. BT WILLIAH HntBT FECK.Many years""bald," he continued, as he came back, do you deep growling seemed to tell that they did notIn the meantime the tliree ostiledors conversed apart, and finally Saul and Anselmo approachedand Informed him tbat he was to ac- company them.What «AaH we do ?" cried Mohammed, start-;gazed into his frank and manly face.byby crouching awayKenyan,Ifaa. AMmf»" We have learned theand we know now exactly what to do.ered Albeit, " but if you wish to escape I will comforted me in my heart loneliness I slioBUi ;witha littleand whenknow ouryouSo don't be frightened."way,youSaul,of moulder- ing brick and crumbling stone, in the now magnifi- cent pleasure-ground which we call the CentralgMiv iipMk anMbttlaAldakwtlh a uA,1tbllkMueeyes,aadbom^iBfiiUa goodpeta so innchlhi^mAenbla,ttvinc Cailanda beanty oi^ either a Utten, Or aoBie one of a^ !>• and' By. BaoMhvw I nerer hU pair *giO|9m*n,it Abageoaki*«sdoseatband,aad oraadblNaatfiasydamaetothatfestoonedtheIting dont seek your life—he don't want to haverespectfortanbe,"comforted myaeif writing, and petting, thewho had lived there before Hugh Garrbolt made itnorwasheknownto be dead until a wandering hunter, demanding sheller ai its iron-bound door and prison-like windows, and receiving no reply, forced an entrance from'frith flaming eyes that rolled ferociously overthe undaunted front of the athletic aa he youth,placedhistallanddeep-chestedframebeforethetrembling girl, and griping with its long spider- like her. He was never afraid of any one. Bat ifhis home, died there alone;outofherreach. IsawthatheAanotthe rearsteel, beheld a human skeleton,grombling;garments, grinmess.!if "yoa go You can't catch him, Marian," aaid .Xr. Wil-heads, and went alone to eton."took the net fromme"And now, I warn to beware he would feel his way, at the same time bag heavy staggered if he lives with you he will never any where to be seen. I was the laat ciahamns tfaamr<"slowlyandAnd theyouth put forth his hand asthough stag,a fool.with aunder itwhistled that Hugh Garrbolt was a very wise per- sonage.thisyoungster,for he can'tpullup corn yet, and do mis-we returned, the crimson aat aad taHBa wereno-of coin so that he—"1 searched about the place," said Garrbolt to aicbt ^Bat tbe good borgbera and their better wives pose because I loved tbM»4hown wits. And—oneny, I would not have him remain here and be in come back to the camp agana. You'll be in dan- John Bloof When I was fifteen, Mr. Allen's broUiar ^^a**Gondebald was .completely deceived. Hehadbut Albert declared thatabout to turn If it is as he, alone,family,hl< office, and. iahjhi';ta^^a^>a'ina<«i;|||yand, furtiiermore,heImaginedtbatshe hadspeakinc companionas John Pollaid lovadaMv "'^'-tfTiiiS' ^' "Jiperhaps,I willstay there any night you may ap- sphere.her of a " Trogus," spoke Mohammed, "yon have been danger. I am glad, therefore, that have plan- ger if do." turned pale at the idea, and took to eside with bim. He opened an office in tta 41-himeel/. She was short- Oiice he looked towards the.{|mi Qectia; her form was more only a furtive glance and was not repeated.i'dkw|$>ten o/thatatno^ lijiJ «i|"1jt>' ri~l'BTad.s;^^i>t|UicaaB«faptbe,When oiir hero saw bow Trogus avoided bis coming story had bem alrMdy arranged."My lord," commenced the wounded villain, you kno^ you sent Gower and myself to conductand not asuspicion that she did not mean and feel just what they're to save him ^om speakbag folsely witen clegdajtbat scud above, foretell a stormy night to sort of far-off way. I ugtttAnd mind that yon ghe as the facts aa are." tbejthe BiaideD's and had wiitcheq every expression,mostlyrace are' offrtf, boA wen aad im- gaze, and how he trembledi be knew that the forth-room.." Because we were so ordered.single sign could be detect upon wiuch to fsaten a you'd get clear of tbem easy woogb. Perhaps i"a2^^ f^ ^*i glandng the sky, "the pleasant man,intonation of tier voiceeagghtshe spoke. He thought he saw her real feelings ;every;he Ea)s he can't imagine Iiow yoa got clear."Saul gave a low chuckle as be ceasedmjnlvl^reoaiiti^ifiiflm^mfmfor a fording-place, Fabian and myself sat down daughter and Leda. The Gipsey fathers were his thoughts upon his present situation. It was however tbe statement might seem to men who called him Night in complbnent to l^ ^^'jfd^:.flbptrjof Ibe wuih Sammer-day—|&;|jiiit,1wii«^»i hy lla)KNBmed and Gon- back, and, as he was about to tell ua what he had when striving for her lover's safety !bat held it as a firm belief that lungs were indispensa- finally he fancied that he could, at least, imagine ble to smoking, and bowels to the relisliing of~ many ways showinfuponout-plotna BLOOD-Bomnia.Sometime near the middle of the day a man away until he starved I As these thou^its came thoa|^ she would not be alarmed by his absence when I walked over the village.the rock. In a little while Gower came crafty bat what man could ever ;a maiden strange, and, for a while,somettiing of its meaning. He had been left there spiced beer,CHAPTEB n.Mooneevertraversedthatpath AlbertTandemeercautionedhis companionstosave the Gipsey banters, snd tbey might be kept conceal his purpose from his fond mother, who, studying or writing, and be perched on myting man to stand in the shoes of the dead Gower -again, and he thought that the bond gave a little beneath the strain ; bat be was soon satisfied that twas only the sinking of the thong into the flesh thathadcausedtheapparentloosening.tbe time I spent in chorcli, becaoae I Arming himself with iiis father's trasty pistols, take my bird with me.andandtool intheto die of hunger1"The very night. Ung saidincomprehensibleand lie liadfor me. We soon became insepaiablsin decaying" Ahdesigning;age,ofupon him, he strained upon tbe bond that confined from ner roof for a night, would undoubtedly have John Pollarl was aandhenownoticedthatthemoon manyhours erehefoundhimselfbefore myselfbylow, frightful howling that rugged backs of huge rocks that seemed like teacher,?hand, and their howls are changed to quick, snuf- glance as he paused before it.eyesHerQ sirs take this fellow and lock him up. would you like to smell the fresh air and see the could Mohammed gain liis deatruction, and the he saw the silent and fieshless sentinel still grin-9 aMl^jprnk; i -iwaiting,^tikrmi, ny ton !" she said " ani Let him be as comfortable as you can ; but first stars ? We have come to lead you out of this people of the camp should never know the mur- ning in terrible mockery of mortality, over the delight, he again buried it He went oajpTAiito Robert Bonner, publisher, 44 Ann-street, New- sixteen years, whose look of terror and disgust, York. It is the handsomest and best fainily pa- as he entered, immediately changed to one ofjoy,"Not a bad name fi» the Uaek Taacd,''aiplhK,takeme^ley deep I}eforethishideousfigurewasspreaduponamyparentsinVirginia^heiskeepingmetohespokehername,andhowsadandeenlaaaI" I'll tear him to'pattingtender-hearted boy gavehif I believe very few people knorw si^£sickness is. For two I was homeakk. It;vied Albert for hia faaaens bantered him courage," Ah ! have come to take me away !" sheyouexclaimed, grasping his hands.""" said " come and see this Marian," he,heart, when Mr. William called IBaa fCmfOU—the monster ?"But where is hewingedof cheese."I was strock as with an arrow throu^ mtfHe?if he doesn't !" snsrled and though he here I am trae to Hugh."He ought to be a lady-tiitd if he is a eoqaelte,*that thehunter was a tremendous liar, until a tall, gaunt into Albert's throat, who used his strength alone, grumbling way at his triumph.lowiron spikesused aa a means of ascent.ber of the Ledger whichreadyMonday,dered what she cooldpM«r5^brought ••ever have to kill an)-thing.1ISADELiIlVE'S CRO^V. BT MABT OBKS.Miss Madeline,Heputit over myhead,theytiim forI have killed the old ones, and I can't bearthe door I step.er, as he slowly filled his " the skeleton?" as a cat, but so full of mischief that he came to a had seen him swallow yam wlian*|fc pipe,'suers were gaining upon him every moment. They threaten. tra. But, to the story. Fabian is under arrest, were used to forest ranging, and could glide alongexpres- and In close confinement, for killing Gower and among the tangled boughs like beasts of prey.attamptinftotakethelife ofTrogusJSiectn nltaad a quick cry of pain, aitd pressed he had not stopped and given the ruffians a few ex- of the dead buccaneer held grim and unmolested boy, about my own. aciCI'and who seemed much diaraeter OMD raaMCSyda^ anotliar aacfathoughts flashed through Fabian'sManytra taps on the nead, while he had them down ;,. .^ , thethe 20,000 golden crowns for the township.disappeared,But andwill cff to California."and notgo awaywith a ^ (iaaae. I qoaattty ^i*!^9iMtad''Garrbolt had with him went the crowns."Iif youstay here,crop,felt sure she wodd'hatlmlSSrn^ese abe sav^and if hecomes4owaitheawiatsurelybecoDdanmed." buttheyavailedhimnotliing. Heregrettedthat Twelvemonthsrolledonandstilltheskeleton Now.JohnPollardwasagreat,good-natured promisentyaHroa^^fwaSlvindicatemrwidow,Albert Tan-it a visit, Albert Vandemeer was boys,atonped-^ --—- aaO- -^waaout, aadaridI had andhadothowiaegnat and takenab<7'eHH»Jtonie,andatorlov^ mi)linti"miit-im.4,^;ood to all who Itnew him assport.closed asfirst He walked cau-to have himI had given Night aGoHe took three just!" !" criedthefisel- because he had would A> wtat I,scholar,and Miss*i?:^siseh^iKi,'and allall hearts, but snciiwaa tbe foet."MMiiMpMpaVc ,t,ftHrHt, wlw awe of his emditlte.pieceoicneeae,aadlittill he had eaten the last cramb of biswayand thenteazing manner, tbat said i^ainly, "Fleaaeta tb*' mesomemoreclieese." Mr.vrttea sha came out with the cheese, to see if she were pret-and awect- ness in her face, but thirty is a tryiag aaa.features were ner hair waa uiB, sharpened,har prominent. ThecrowhoppedawayfromiMKjBaCshe combed it dreadfiilly soMxith," Let me William to me.it onyooihair, KadeHaa,*atH Mr.andthe effect of crimson over my goldenArtafc couldnothavehurtmesocroelly. IlefttliehnBae». both praiseatook reftta iir Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comMiiii 