 mico and the United States will be a very dMBwwrt^thing.) 500 pounds, bos been taken out eolid, and is designedactress, ran away from home and went to Detroit. Applying to as many theatrical managers as she could find, she received the same answer from all—a nega- tive. She then disappeared, and had not been found at latest accounts.—A man was arrested in Memphis last Thursday, who, three years ago, robbed and murdered the Sheriff of Genesee County, New-York. He made his escape, and nothing more was heard of him until the above- mentioned time, when he wae recognized in the street by a gentleman from New-York, who caused his ar-:'•5'Vessel of attput 400 tons burden, and laden mostly of Indians, and have sought security in Tacson and granite buDding is now to be erected on tbia property with provisions. 8he was ^Spanish bark. Her ord- other towns. We are indeed in the midst of trying by Harvard College for Little, Brown & Co.—The Court watering-place of Napoleon and Ea- genie is to be changed from Biarritz to Nice.power and duty as may be made by the rules and regu- lations to visit and make inspection of all ferry- boats, manufactories, slaughter-houses, tenement-houses, andOwr OwnB U I A X A , April 9,1880.It is. probable .that he; had been6SOIJTE ^ffiERICTA.m^^M^^^^^^^^^^^mM^MmColt's^revolvingsi^sfc^ls.navynze> :tivF:^^ and bank notes, which he had placed under hia pillow. journal, La SoeicdatL says: [* '.> £*•*•* S • ' ^ 1 &l cbmi^i«n,ln>gnfcand u%, of every fronttewanain who He made known his loss, and his felloe-passengersconclusive; the Jury laughed, saA the woman was acquitted.—Philippe TagKoni, the father of the celebrated dancer, Marie Taglioni, has recently, at the age of 83 years, heen successfully relieved of a cataract in his eye.' ; ., „ .,, .••-.•,—The Southern Confederacy, the black mall paperof the South, records a case that lately happened inConnecticut; where a white woman of good socialposition married a colored man. This occasion: i t " im-proves" in the following choice language:" Such is one of the baneful results of the teachings of Black Republicanism; and this is not an isolated casevoted the exercise of a spirit favorable to the beet in tereste of the National Democracy.—The Florida Democ 'U State Convention, on Monday, indorsed the resolutions of the Senatorial Democratic Canon*, which require Congress to legislate lor the protection of Slavery in the Territories.—Ex-Gov. Corwin and Francis P . Blair, jr., are. to address the Virginia Republican Convention, which meets at Wheeling on the 2d of May.•erne arrival* h«w l>6ta from So*th and CentralThe British steamer CaJlao arrived on the 6th, bring- ing 70 passengers, $156,766 in specie, and 174 .packages of freight. la Chili everything was qaiei, and bnsi- seas was improving. Prom Bolivia there is no news «tf interest.—A young girl, the daughter of a lawyer in Toledo,33»e Peruvian news is no more satisfactory than hitherto. The country is still in a very unsettled state, and Castilla appears to be making himself daily more unpopular. His attempt to invade Bolivia has been for no far kept back, and will probably be entirely 'frus- trated.Tne investigation in the case of the murder of Capt. Lambert still occupies.attention. In the face of the strongest and most direct evidence of his" having been murdered, the Judge decided that he ha<I committed suicide. This, however, the Court has refased to ad- mit, and the matter was still tinder discussion when the steamer left.There are many conflicting rumors afloat about rev- olutionary outbreaks in the South, but nothing eenoiu has occurred yet. The Peruvian press, which had been so tame in the last year, seems to recover fromi its lethargy, and there appears m the Comerno and other papers very strong attacks against Caetalla * Govern- ment. Some of them were ably written indeed, and showed, in a moderate and very clear way, how the present reinless policy of the Government must; inevit- ably drive the country to ntter rum. Bat CasfaUa does not care a straw about what they aay agamst him; heseldom takes any hostile steps agamst the liberty of the press (not so the Vice-President, Mar), and feigns to despise its attacks. All he cares about is to have a strong and obedient army, and to remain in command; the situation or progress of the country is entirely h> diff«rent to him.in the North. To such an extent have the leaders of operation of a Sunday law. The paper referred toThe Pacific Railroad Companies stmr. Guatemala, h Capt. Dow, arrived at Panama on the 6th. She brings alargefjeightof copper, indigo, silver ore, balsams,—Anamboo, an African prince, visiting England, re- ceived BO many, attentions from a celebrated belle ofground, it is supposed that a much greater conflagra- advantage over Pryor on account of his superior chosen. A fifth ballot was taken, and resulted in the)weight. Potter is about 43 years old; Pryor about 32. election of the Rev. J. B. Beach. Afterward the Rev. tion would have resulted. Lucius H. King was appointed a "reserve," or alternateID iIII IThe proposition is tbis: A truce of six months at the—A beautiful young Southern belle, wearing the ap-propriate name, Queen Rose, was, till Tuesday after- feataln a hand-to-hand contest, with w e a p o n s ^ e noon, an inmate of a fashionable boarding-school in swords, knives, &c. At all events, any differences Philadelphia. A medical student, one of those who did between the combatants, of the sort indicated, are in- not sacrifice the Quakers for the Eake of the Union, sufficient either to have induced Potter to select the and return to his plantation, saw the rose and at once weapon proposed by his second, or to warrant Pryor made her his queen. She accepted his homage, in in whimpering about the size and weight of his an- spite of the heartless common sense of a guardian, who 1On motion, the Rev. Benjamin Griffin was ap- pointed to^preach a semi-centennial sermon at the next annual session.A resolution was adopted, appreciative of the calm and dignified manner in which Bishop Scott had dis- charged his official duties AS President of the Confer- ence. Another was passedjteojxesting the General i Conference to divide tne Gerro,^ wofk£The following are the Btt-££*&o> of/the New-York. Conference for the year ending <^>til*I860JNumber of member*.. ............... ...... ...32,187 Deatha during the pimtyear.................... 380 Probationer*. 5,461 Local preachers 200 Adults baptized 1,738 Children baptized i.Mw.J.»... 1,601 Number of churches ZS9 Probable value.... $1,269,830 Number of paxionagoi. 99 . Probable value $224,750. Collected for Conference claimant*... $5,011 18india-rubber, dec — GUATEMALA.—Dates from this Republic are toMarch 23. The Engineers sent out from England to define the boundary between Guatemala and the Brit-of management, energy and courage, quaJties of London that, in a moment of tenderness, he could not —•The Grand Chapter of the Zeta Psi Fraternity Potter weighs about 200; Pryor about 150. But delegate.ish possessions had arrived at Isabal, and were abont, conciliation between the belligerent parties. It is saidConservative'.BeV. Ben). Griffin,Rev. E. M. Otborn, D. D., B<;v. S. McClintock, D. D., Rev. J. Holdicb, D. D.Pn>$ret$i*e. Rev. D. W . Clark, D. D., Rev. Mt. D'C. Crawford,Rev. Paul R. Brown, Rev. J. B. Beach. Rev. Wm. JBL Ferrlt.to commence their work.On the 8th of March, a Convention, addition to thetreaty of April 12.1859. wae signed by the representa- tives of Guatemala and Belgium.On the 10th, President Carrera was presented wi & the insigna of Grand Officer of Leopold of Belgium, and Srs. D. Pedro Aycenena and 1>. Lais Batres were also decorated with crosses of the same order. IfGuatemala,was a Republic this would be a noticeablenet, but all the world knows it has no pretentions tothat the Vera Cruz people nave accepted it, while Miramon continued his fire upon the town two days after the mediation had been offered, thereby, it seems to me, giving the most positive refusal.However, Mr. Matthews, the British Minister here, has presented bis note to the Government in this city, the reply to which has not yet been given.The Conservative party are extremely dejected, and the English intervention frightens them much..'** The Hon. Augustin Beverly L. Clarke, Minister be recognized, protected, and enforced by England. Besident of the United States in Guatemala, died, after—The collection of Mr. Du Chaillu, the African ex-pi«rs. he is empowered to do almost everything. a whole, is one of the most abject found among the «*COSTA KICJL—The country is said to be qu>et; the Aborigines of our country. Even when depredations e'ections for Prearident were going on. and the final and thefts are proved upon them, they steadfastly deuy voting was to take place on Sunday, the- oth. A proc- their guilt, and invariably charge thear acts upon, otherwhen the Opposition party of the South will be able to~ priate reminiscences. Bishop A. was the first who as^ " Fight just over. Great excitement. Immense - unite, he;art and hand, openly and avowedly'with the in Virginia, A. D. 1816. 'SJ !CS5BKSa*HS*JIBB»BHiW58Si5=S£55SS5^BHirjiiH»rTBy3jiftj»ae!im«uMfr«wwy» » w i B jj Mi»'ii»V'i»''»»^'i>*"«gaigStaga^-^^\^giyx^ i^i»s«»ss.xa^vTM^^;^„^iwv»w=»highi that it eeuiarBearcely be eontrolled.The officialp?.M The news of t ^ acts othostfflty^mmitted by th* Americans against the defenders of Mexican independ- ence has been received with indignation throughoutappreciates1 an effective weapon...,..-•. < ^:VY ,_ Rich silver mines are> discovered weekly, and we reonire only security from Indian depredations to de-volunteered a search of their persons/ but his money••':•''•-••}'' r v. :iCity of J meat of j triet, aid may, on U of aSuui bentuponfor the Pc attendant borhood.t above met, No chan and h rem but it is j)i removeo,i are in hi^l new law, iing such a duties hio arduousto such drjtberuleaa ly to vit.it trict, and« tion ot Sta tbe force same is sit of inspect euch me<*h vagrant*, i sicK peruoi mtsesittti by «he SnpUnder t the detailm tion of REdcrporati&D sity thereo lowing seal the partite not less tfta day; for 1, over 30 dajA'resolut •all liqnox-s danger of x one of theilaw particu The BearOOMJ&' S a l e * a t 10,000 rjnit<-d1,000 UilUtd 2,000 Ohio Si 2,C<0 Indian*10,000 N. C. Si 6,000 Mi»»ou! 500 LouiMa 7,OfO Minn.S 3,000 Culiton 2,000 Erie R.1,000 Hod-R 1,000 Hoa.K 1,000 Horien17,000 Mich. ct. 1st) 1,000 Go*b«r 500 11L Ct;cL0O0 uo. 5,C00 i c . 5,000 Han. it. 3,100 G<;J- it 6,000 Lake 1Wortga* 1,000 Chic. 4c 1,000 C. B. t• cunt hot 20 Union Ba 10 Merchant*6 Bask of C 10 do.6 Bank of St 20 Corn Excli 25 Del. Sc Hu 10 Pacific Ma 50 do. 2S d..ICC do... 50 do.. •75 do.. 50 do... 50 do. 50 dc.175 Cumbrian 25 Erie R. R 73 do..ICO d c . 200 do.. 200 do.. 113 dw..1,000 N. Caro] 1,000 Erie R.J 2,000 Han. 4c:8,000 d o . 6,000 DL Free 50 Cunrberlan100 Canton Co 125 Pacific M. 85 do...99 do... 300 Hudson Ri 100 do... 100N. Y. Cent\ 200 do...was noi found.watched, followed,gaining the booty, left the car.1 ? a ^ T b V ^ o w a sentiment has again been waked up San Pedro river by several scientific gentlemen con-among omr people by these rude strokes of tne soi- nected with Capt. Stone's Commission for the surveydisaat Liberalparty/ The war.of 1860 between Mex- of Scnora. One huge,block of ore, estimated to weigh Ohio, being struck with a longing.to become anSince the d«M«t»re»«f « » Nortit Sttrwe b*ve h*4 the capital, even by persons mdUfferent or strangers to monstrate the great mineral wealth of Arizona. A t e w mine was discovered some weeks since near the,and robbedbyathief,who, uponfrom the war of 1847. The American press knows it, ^ T h e ^ a ^ w h i c h , confined to ourselves, has hithertotfAviMtn Bflnadron oontend at Anton l,izarao, il not Sfa^thTfaXes? Allgood patriots throughout ti?e capital are hastening *> take up arms. .Whatever may be the result of the campaign against Vera Cruz, thev will not permit the soil of the capital, at least, to he trodden*hy the traitors who have so many times heen repulsed from its walls.as a contribution to the Washington Monument. Speci- mens chipped .off at random have been essayed by the most skillful chemists in the country, and found to con tain from $450 to $600 per tun, making the iatrinsic value of the block, in silver, abont $150.PERSONAL.—The agent of Virginia named Camp, who was sent to Iowa to arrest Coppic, and whose adventures in es caping from the Muscatine landlord with hia board bills—The Charleston Mercury containsthe delegates. A report bad gone abroad to the effect that the allowance of rum was to be shortened by the"people of the Departments! arouse yourselves up unpaid, have gone the rounds, has been arrested at rest.this party preached up their damnable doctrines, that amalgamations of this nature are becoming quite fre- quent, and unless we renovate our country of these vile traitors, society in the North will relapse into a more horrid state of barbarism than .ever visited the ancient Roman Empire."It is supposed that some people at the South roally believe euch stuff as this.—A letter from Mexico states that Mr. Geo. L. Ham- meker, a native of New-York, had constructed a rail- road from Mexico to a village five miles distant, under a promise from the Government that he should not be called on for contribution or imposts for fifteen years. Last November, however, in spite of this, a law was made bearing so heavily on him that he has been obliged to surrender the road, at great loss to himself.i—A negro was put into a box at Nashville last Fri- day and shipped for Cincinnati, the intent of the parties being to make him free. On the arrival of the train at Seymour, Ohio, careless handling started off a part of the cover and disclosed the fagitive, who was sent backto bondage.—Those asquainted with both Messrs. Potter and Pryor say it is a mistake to suppose that in an encoun-says:" O n the contrary, we learn that the rigor of the License law will be relaxed during the Convention, and that none of our hotel bars will be interfered with for accommodating their guests on Sunday."—The following is an extract from a letter written by a late member of the Connecticut Legislature:" We have passed through a very hard contested election, and bad* it not been for * Old WindhamCounty we should have been worsted. You need not think that we are to be so nearly doubtful this Fall. You know that the rum question is the main spoke in the wheel, in our State election. That question will not operate so bard with us this Fall, on President. With a good candidate we can carry the State by 5,000 majority easier than the 500 we have this Spring." ,P UBLIG MEETINGS.NEW-YORK CONFERENCE OP THE METHOj DIST EPISCOP AL CHURCH.SEVENTH r^Y'S 8E8SION.,On the reopening of the Conference yesterday morn- ing, the result of the fourth ballot for delegates to the General Conference was announced. Whole number of votes, 180; necessary to a choice, 91. The Rev. Paul R« Brown (Progressive) received 95, and was added tolikewise in your own homes; and before the energetic resistance ol a whole and united people, w h i t can some thousands of filibusters and demagogues do 7"Rock Island and ignominiotwly thrown into jail. The Virginia authorities write that he is no longer agent of the State, and they decline all liability for his debts.—Mr. Conkling, Member of the State Assembly, has been absent from his seat this week, owing to sickness in his family. Mrs. C , we regret to learn, is ill with rheumatism, and one of his children is sick with scar- latina; otherwise, he Would not have been absent from his post.—Ex-Goy,. Briggsof Pittsfied, Mass., has declined the appointment of the Chancellor of the Madison Uni- versity at Hamilton, New-York.—Mr. Victor Dehlinger, an old resident of Buffalo,The Sodedad is still more severe against the ConBti-tutionah'stB, whom it calls **infamous traitors, who" have opened the walls of Vera Cruz to their sworn" enemies." Henceforth, it adds,therewillbeheard PrincessAnneCounty,Va,,afewdayBsiDce,inwhich•—There was a little scene in a murder trial in but one cry throughout the whole country: "Long Gov. Wise was engaged. He accused the counsel for" live the independence of Mexico, and death to those " who have sold us, and those who come to subjugate "us."The following is an extract from a private letter pub-of the entire loss of Miramon's army before Vera Cruz. The last accounts we have had from Miramon state that when he entered Jalapa he had not more than 600 men. It is probable that before many days he. was abandoned by the few that followed him so far. He is expected here day by day by the Government. But as the roads are all occupied by the bands of Carvajal, his chances of escape are but small.There was an attempt at a pronunciamientomade here last night by the Puros, but, as usual, it failed for Wanttheprosecuticnof a resort to tricks. The lawyer ac- cused rose in great excitement and gave the Governor the Be. The Governor replied by shaking his head and saying, significantly, "Very well, Sir; very well,fished in The N. O. Picayune :MEXICO, March 28,1860.Sir; very well." Everybody thought there would be died at his residence on Elm street, in that city, on Fri- You will probably have had, before this, the account pistols and coffee; but another member of the bar in- day, at the age of 69. Mr. Dehlinger was a hussar inwhich the Liberals of Mexico are entirely void.The English Government have Offered a plan of re-refrain from laying his hand on his heart and exclaim ing: "Oh! Madam, if heaven had only made you a negrees, yon would have been irresistible!"—We regret to learn that the illness wbich has kept the Hon. Mr. Taggart, of Jeffer3on, from his seat in the Assembly, is inflammatory rheumatism of the se- verest type. He has been entirely helpless, but we understand that the symptoms had taken a favorable turn.—On Thursday the Ju^ge of Probate in Cincinnatiwill meet at Dartmouth College, this Summer holding their first session on Tuesday, July 24.—A steam-yacht is building at East Saginaw, Mich., to run on the river and bay for pleasure trips and light freights. Its burden will be fifteen tuns.Pryor is taller, and his arms a good deal longer than Potter's. Length of arm 'and vigor of muscle are, in a contest with knives, advantages which surpass any- thing growing out of mere superiority of weight. Pryor, though more slender than Potter, possesses one of those lithe forms, which, when in proper condition, are always supposed to be capable of extraordinaryThe delegation therefore stands as follows:any such form of Government.The most important news is the death of the Hon. utmost^ during which a Congress is to be elected by decided that one Sylvester Gafficey was entitled to thethe different States of the Republic. This Congresfl is to be united in Jalapa, declared neutral ground, under the protection of the English Government, and, if necessary, of-English troops. The Congress voted by the nation is to. make a new Constitution, which willcustody of Mary Ann Butler, his step-daughter, seven j ears of age. Upon his going round to take the cus- tody, the child,-who had been sitting in the lap of one of the ladies present, drew back from him in ap- parent terror, and in an imploring manner, and in tears,a long and painful illness, on the 17th (Marc a). Mr As the Clergy party is much less numerous through- called out to the Judge, " Oh, Judge, do not give meBeverly L. Clarke, United States Minister at Guate- mala, which took place oa the 17th of March.1 make the following summary of the obituary no- tic* which apoeared in tn* Oaceta de Guatemala:tagonist.out tfce whole extent of the Republic than the Lib-February, 1809, and while young removed to Ken- erals, the liberal element will predominate in the to him!" Tbis caused considerable emotion, and Gaff guardian to search for her; he found her, but was todClarke was born in Chesterfield County, Virginia, intucky, where he studied and practiced law. When 22 laws and principles of the Juarez party. The clergy years of age, he was elected a Representative to theThis story may ail be true, but it is at least improb- able that the Pinal tribe are guiltless, as they had " SAI.VAX>6^—I)ate«from the Capital are to March I every incentive to obtain captives, in order to seanre—Mr?..Mary Wilbur, a trance medium in Clarendon, whom they are" associated, must Command the respectVt, has sent a communication to a Troy paper, giving of many who cannot give it their votes. In its South- ference. The resolutions were unanimously adopted.100 Erie Kaiir< 50 do. 35 do.There wa Stock Board. yesterday. ' largest advai anticipated, i be sustained. advance e*ta cline was onl higher prices•the natural I at lower fi^-u era enough market.' Th energy, the r and in case o happening, t. whole markt for the piese: infusion of of the Bear 1858. t Centr stands abontcline in Vax.it point touched was a little doubt the Ma was steady, imentof «lie ct Mr. Vanderbi ger traffic oft the road is in i such a comma temporary, the recent r but was i ¥ .cent. 1tral Park,a very favora, which will ah the new Cityshares sympat were heavy, c rates. Att'e tone somewb was amon^r ti from Philadel] activity than t ered a portion film. In the! business, and andinvebtuiei advanced to 7 Central Railr considerable bonds and The Erie issbonds of the proving and i sold at 47 j. maud. State public sale, closing price souriCs, S'-i® laud Coal €01 NewYork C< Hudson Kiv< Pref, 38J <*;« 48^48£; Mi HJ®i2; Mi Guaranteed, Cftntral, tin-a Cleveland ai Island, 631 ^(In foreig a the market 1 was only a mCongre**, and the Constitution will be based upon theney showing a dispotition to assert the right the Courtother naturalists, pronounce the collection superior in late. The guardian then took the youthful wife home, many important respects to any in Europe.had declared in his behalf, several persons gathered Legislature of his State, and in 1847 a Representative know this, and are furious and scared by the English -around. Mr. Nicholas Longworth, the wine king, inand gave the husband into the care of the law, though what the law can do except return him his wife cannot be stated without some acquaintance with the code ofterposed with the explanation that Gov. Wise had used the word, "tricks" in a purely professional sense, to which the Governor assented, and both parties apolo-the campaigns of the great Napoleon I. He went to Buffalo in 1832, where he resided till his death.—A very destructive fire occurred on Saturday nightgized and shook hands. gone to seed.Verily, Virginia Chivalry hasin West Troy. The loss was from $30,000 to $40,000,but had a steam-engine not been promptly on the ter with bowie-knives Potter would have any marked yesterday's list. One delegate still remained to be—The Washington Star says that on Tuesday morning Roger A. Pryor appeared at the office of tucky. In 1858 Mr. Clarke wae appointed by Mr. BQ- Cruz, where he will recognize the Juarez Government the first man who/attempted it was instantly taken hold Pennsylvania. Age of parties: she, 15 years; he, 22. Justice Donn, and gave bail in the sum of $5,000 notchanan Minister to Guatemala. When m Guatemala, Mr. Clarke joined the Roman Catholic Church, and was publicly baptized on the 14th of December last 5ear, the "Bishop of Nicaragua officiating, and the Guatemala Minister of Foreign AftVurs acting as hi*sponsor. On this occasion he took the name of Augas- TIVES—THE WOMAN REPORTED MURDERED to the friends that had adopted it. Many of the ladies stances of peculiar atrocity. He first attempted toto Congress. In 1855 he acted as a Deputy to the mediation. But if they refuse it, the English MinisterCollected for mission*Collected for Tract SocietyColleoted for Bible SocietyCollected for 8unday-School Union $1,180 58 Number of Sunday-School*. ;.. 453 Number of officers and teacher*.. 5,622 Number of Sonday-bcboolscholar* :...27,588 Number of volume* in library..... 79,195The Rev. J. B. WAKELF.Y rose to a personal expla- nation. Tbe reporter of a certain paper had mentioned Thomas is his security. Mr. Pryor was arrested him as the " eulogist of Bill Poole.' This was a foulConvention for reforming the Constitution of Ken-will immediately take hia passports And leave for V eraan excited manner said, " L e t the mob interfere 1" but, $22,6SO 25 $2,480 10 $4,723 27FROMARIZONA.of by the officers present and thrown out of the room. Mrs. Weightman, with whom the child had been liv- ing, overcome by the excitement of the entire proceed-to fight a duel within the limits of the District, or give —It will be remembered that a man named George or accept a challenge to fight within the said limits, or H. Lamb was hanged at the West, some time ago, for to leave the said limits to fight, or to give or accept a FURTHER INTELLIGENCE OF THE FEMALE. CAP- ings, fainted. The little child wept bitterly, and clung the murder of his wife, a deed committed with circum- challenge to fight. We are informed that Mr. W. H.tin. Mr. Clarke was about to mike a trip home lor his health, when a sudden relapse on the night of the16th proved fatal." On the 18th the funeral ceremonies were performed with all the pomp befitting the rank of the deceased. The mass was said by the Bishop of Trajanopolis, inthe Church of San Francisco, and the chief mourners were the French Minister, the Belgian Coneui-Gen- eral, the CoutraJ-General of the Papal States, aud the Minister of Foreign A/fairs. The remaios of the de.j ceased were deposited, by special favor, in the cemetjery of the monastery of San Francisco."Honduras, Salvador, Nicaragua, and Co ita Rica, are quiet. The few Hems of news the papers oontain, and which I glean from my private correspondence, are thefollowing:*• HONDURAS,—The President's Message states thatthe' Directors of the Interoceanic Railroad have ob- tained an extension of time of seven years to commence Um., work. At what time, we should like to know, will the work be completed f % Congress declares Geo. Guardiola to have heen elected President for the nextterm of four years, by a vote of 20,531, the total num- ber of voter* beiog22,873. Don Victoriano Oswllanos has been elected vice-President.28I. The decree of Congress granting extraordinary | th release of those nersons at the Dost, who »T« alt I J f r e - Kitchen is indulging in confab with a lot of old the release of those persons at the post, who are allpowers to President Bamos is published. Prom m-ik- Pirjaia. This tribe is the meanest, most degraded, and lfwiiee about the shocking nudity of the South, Ssaing Concordat* with the Pope to building bridges and most treacherous of all the Apache Nation—which, as Islanders. While willing to provide for her, gentlemen quite 15oo elegant in its diction for its pretended source: trained the sacred office in the United States. He diedB Y T H E I N D I A N S . From Onr Own Correspondent.TUBAC, March 30,. 1860. Our ten days' suspense in regard to the fate of the woman and child stolen from their home by the Apache Indian*, is partially relieved. W e have very meager accounts from a courier who passed through Tubac to- day, with diepatches from Caj/t. Ewell to Fort Bu- chanan. It appears that Capt. EsreS's Indian mee- tenger has returned to his camp, 'bringing the little girl with him, and accompanied by some braver of the tribe. They deny that the captives were abducted by any of tl eir tribe, and'say thai the Tonto Apaches are guilty of it; that they had gone into the Toxtto-countryto take the captives from them, upon Earning the par- ticulars; that they found the child, axj*.brought her, in, but that the woman had bean killed by the Indians, and they could do nothing more.wrung their hands and declared it would be ruined poison her; then took her upon the Missis rippi River yesterday, but being engaged at tile time, and the if it left them. The whole Court-room was turned in a boat and there drowned her, with a stone about officer having no fear of a breach of the peace, he was into a ecene of confusion; and the Judge, as a mas- her neck. This he confessed before sentence was ex- permitted to fix upon 11 o'clock to-day as the time to ter of discretion under the circumstancesj directed ecuted upon him, but yet the body of the murderedslander, and he appealed to the reporters present to take down his words. At the time of the funeral of Poole, be attended, in deference to the earnest request of the sister of the deceased. Bat he had made no eulogistic speech on that occasion. In Bleecker Build- ing, he stood up and preached against the devil, as he had done throughout his life, denouncing prize-fighting, in the presence of Thomas Hyer and other sporting men. He, however,vexonerated the reporter from the charge of intent to injure him, and hinted that a per- sonal enemy of his own was at the bottom of the matter.Sheriff Kessler to take the child until further orders.—One Mr. Kitchen was brought before a Court in was not proved guilty. We now learn that, on Fri-of an assault upon her. As to the other charges, he ing heard of the event, was preparing ^to go to Med-also thanked for their hosp*Etelity iu entertaining the members present.Dr. WM. P. STRICKLAND, from thei Committee on Colonization, reported resolutions expressive of confi- dence in the American Colonization Society, and agree- ing-to encourage the labor of its Agent, the Rev. val- entine Buck, within the bounds of the New-York Con-pleaded' justification.the Jury," said Mr. Kitchen, "is a member of a church; Mrs. Kitchen forsakeB her kitchen, and spends half her time in the church lecture-roam. While my breeches are running to seed, and the children goingabout with ill-kept noses and dilapidated extoemities,years past been battling manfully against the Democ- way from the town where he resided, when he waa racy. A candidate in the South who shall receive theBeized with a similar fit, and expiied in a few minutes. support of Crittenden, and Bell, and Botts, and Eth- endge, and Raynor, and the patriotic thousands with" Mrs. Kitchen, gentlemen oftwice a week, neither. If I've got tight on the strength finished the fight on the seventh round. He got in a to be more uncertain than any other matter just now. lamation was received from Don Juan Mora staring tribes. They will doubtless demand the restoration of of such provocation, gentlemen of the Jury, it ain't a leit hand blow which knocked Mr. Sayer^'s lower iaw Fromtix thousand, D'xon's majority, if majority at" And let our bodies part."The Rev. W. P: CORBITT—who, the Bishop re-that he had no intention of returning to the countrr, all the Indian prisoners at the fort in exchange for the but intends retiring into private life. The coftW*crop little girl, and this conceded, it is not improbable that had all been shipped; 70,000 bags are said U have they will produce Mrs. Page still alive, and claim athe Garita, and 10,000 bags are calculi ed as heavy ransom for her. Still, all this is mere conjec-completely. Mr. Heenan is not much hurt. He offersbit more than the best of you would have done if to fight Mr. Morrissey in two weeks. Mr. Sayers is in all, is reduced to comparatively a small one. A paper ferred to [the Newark Conference--ihen made theplaced in my circumstances; and if you was me, aud I a dangerous condition.'' ^ . in that State thus answers one class of political com-still in- the interior, but they will be all for wa Punta/Arenas before the bad weater sets in. J of the demand for coffee in Europe and the States the prices have ruled high; first quality selling at 12 to 13 cents, without any prospe falling.was you—knowing the caie as I do—I'd render a ver-dict of acquittal, and served the woman right." TheJury seemed to be impressed with the force of Mr. former publishers of The Atlantic Monthly. This divi- Judge Dixon's election as a Democratic triumph, audture, and it may, indeed, prove true that the poor woman has been murdered by her savage captors.no later news from Central America. Mir. Wyke, era Arizona. The movers in the. matter have played who, it is said, is not in good health, goss home, aud their game well, and, to render their success certain, leaves to-day, in the Ariel, for New-York, en route for, have apportioned the delegates in sach a manner as to England. - , secure a large majority favorable to the movement.Her Majesty's ship Calypso sailed on the 7th for the They have decided themselves in the eastern, extremevor of the creditors of Phillips, Sampeon & Co., the"The Madison Argus very complacently claims pointment of the Preachers lor the ensuing year, first congratulating' the brethren on the peaceful ana har-dead in hie bed; cause apoplexy.The Cortes sail,this evening for San Francisco.FROM MEXICO.mvoice agamst the entire proceedings, in order that it may not be said in faf,u?erthat they acquiesced ia-ifc by offering no opposition, as w&s urged against the Free- Suite party .of Kansas at the tirst general election in that Territory. The action of the Convention thus constituted will, of course, beadverse to the wishes ofScott, and Pillmore.—A terrible afi'air happened recently at Shellbank, Texas A Mr. Stephenson sold a piece of land to Gen. Bibhop, and after the purchaser had made improve-ore, who regard them somewhat superetitiously. Tuebirds are very small and pretty, have short, red billsand mouse-colored feathers, with the exception of the man is James Guthrie. We a<*e rejoiced to ha re it inThe Territorial Convention, whkh hue been called to consider the propriety of forming a Provisional Government will convene in Tucson oa Monday next. The movement originated with the citizens of the efc»tKitchen's argument, and returned a verdict of Not Guilty.without hesitation sends greeting to Charleston. The monious session they uad enjoyed. «the New-York dend will be paid in just seven months from the time attempt, to manufacture a Democratic victory out of Conference embraces seven Districts, vhs: New-York,the assignees were committed. Some claims against Dixon's election is absurd. Judge Dixon is a Repub- Poughkeepsie, Rhinebeck, Prattsville, Monticello,/—There died in Jackson County, quite recently, aC. L. Wyke, her British Maieety'a Minister to Mexico, em portion of Arizona, in the valley of the Rio soldier of the Revolution, by the name of Yelvaten Ne- cents on the dollar.lican, and although not the regular nominee, hundreds Newburgh, and German Micsion.the firm could have been bought six months ago for tenarrived here on Tuesday night (8ch). The Alert brings Grande, and meets with no encouragement from west vill, He was born in Rutherford County, North Car- —Mr. Alvan Clark of Cambridge, a well-kno wn time they were carrying out what they considered to extends up the Valley of the Hudson River as farHer Majesty'8 ship Alert, having on board the Hon.of Republicans voted for him, Considering that by so.. We print the appointmente for fl»e New-York Dis- -doing they violated no party ties, wbile at the.eame irict, which, it will be seen, covers xhis island, andSandwich and Sonth Sea Islands.The vessels of war in port are. United States shipsLancaster, Wyoming, Cyane and Warren, aud Briasa ships Clio and Alert.On the 7th, the West India Mail Company's steamer Prince arrived from Carthagena, but she brings noof the Territory entitled to nineteen, delegates, while this portion of the Territory, having more valuable in- terests, and consequently the best possible incentives to secure the most perfect form of government, have been allowed but twelve. Nor does toe unfairness stop here. The citizens' of Western'Arizona, almost to a man, regard the measure as unconstitutional,-and al-not defeat this ticket, and bring out candidates for the first two places who will receive 5,000 to 10,000 votes more than Jackson and Reynolds, then further strug- gles in this State are unavailing."—The Louisville Courier speaks with almost a reck- less confidence concerning the probable nomination atGreene-street.Church, Charlea E . Harria. Five Point* Mission to Be nrpplied. St. Paul's, J. 8. Hofaoy. WMhington-scuaro Church, &, 8. Fo*ter. Bedford-street Church, John Poi**l: J.P. Newman, Sup. .lane-*tr*et Church, W. S. Evan*. Cen- tral Church, G«oree S. Hare. Eighteenth -street Church, M. D. Crawford; E . E . Keye*, Sup. Thirtlrth-*tre«t Church, J. tV . Lindaay: J. Campbell, Sup. Trinity Church, J. Lf G. McKown. Eorty-thhd-«treet Church, Ab*alom Davia. 'news of importance from the interior.This morning, Sig. Maurice Lacosette, a French gen--^HwnnNiH *sa.vu. Eighty-eixth-»treet Church, P. Ward: A. C. O a U a W Sop. FItti©xh-itr©et Chbrcb,INDEMNITY FOB L03SE3 AT VERA CRUZ. the people of Western. Arizona, and if an attempt is ments on the land, Stephenson wanted to get it backmade to put the Provisional Government into opera- for the same amount he had been paid for it, but his from the Park-Btreet Church, in Boston. One did notBy way of New-Orleans we have advices from tion, the problem will be to raise funds to meet the ne-attend meeting, and was not a believer in the atone-proposition was refused by Bishop. This incensedCompany's Express for papers in advancs of the mails. of taxation, for our citizens will not submit to it, and Stephenson,,and accordingly he, with his wife, son and was a spiritualist. The third abused his wife.Mexico to the 30th alt. W e are indebted to the AdamsJuarez had issued a special decree, indemnifying, to the Provisional officers will scarcely be sufficiently daughter, went to Gen. Bishop's house, where theycessary expenses. This cannot be done by any systemment. Another absented himself from meeting, andPaul's Qnaiterly Conference.the full amount of their losses, the sufferers by the late patriotic to defray the expenses out -of their own found young John Bishop sick in bed. The wife and —Since the death of their father, two childre"n of the Cincinnati Platform. It is useless for us to say B.GiJflinj Agtnt of the Tract Society, member of St. Paul'spcekets. - daughter held the sick man down while young Stephen-bombardment of V era Cruz. The decree of indemni-fication covers the whole of the property destroyed,whether moveables or real estate, inside or outside thewalls, belonging to friends of the Constitutional cause. will not seek to drag us in also. They are far sep almost immediately. While this was going bn, Gen. That of the friends of the besieging party is specially arated from us; a wild Indian country, several hun- Bishop knocked out the eye of the elder Stephenson excepted. For their losses there is no indemnification dred miles in extent, prevents free intercommunica- with a hatchet. The Stephensons were arrested. wba'-ever. From the terms of the decree, however, it tion; and they depend npon different markets, have.Quarterly Conference-U. 5#e*d, Missionary at the Five Points Mission.AwK. Sauford, Teacuer at the Five Points MUston.^.fter which the doxology was sung, aud the Confer-twelve people io accompany and assist hor in taking the next Presidential, contest, presents the following y THE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.wonld appear that the benefits of the same extend only adverse interests, and little sympathy with other -por-' .—A-family of a father, mother, and four children, the children by force. The friends of the latter rallied, as its conclusion: That Mr. Bates is the strongest man Uhifi Board held a special meeting yesterday noonrtions of this vast region. They are an agricultural living on Deep Run, abbnt six miies above Wheeling, at Police He-*dquarters, President BOWKN in the chair.to these who shall repair their losees. The certified c immunity, v<hile we must ever look to the inexhaust- Va., were swept away by theL.st-.irm last Tuesday and a hard fight emued, to the bodily harm of many. thnt can be run, and thit he will beat the Charleston Tbe first businees transacted was the reading of theexpenses of titA repairs must be presented to the Treas- ible minerals wbich everywhere surround us as the nighk The roof of their house leaked very much, and The police carried off several of the fighters, and the nominee (on a Slavery-Exttmtion platform) 50,000 new law by Mr. Embree, the Chief Clerk. By theXf the people of Eastern Arizona desire the Provis- ional Government, we will not object, provided theyson cut him literally to pieces with a knife, killing hiaaMis. Growden, a widow residing in Ohio, had lived that we look upon such a proposition as a palpable and with their grandfather in Cumberland, Md. The paltry attempt to '•mislead and deceive the people."ury Department, and only upon sach presentment chief source of our importance and wealth. Lying onwill cognizance be taken of them. This will doubt- the Pacific elope, our trade takes a different direction, ti»'*y went, under it for protection from the rain, audless insure the reconstruction of the city. Toe iadem- and in no respect have we a common interest. We • while there the stream swelled so rapidJy, and camemother rescued.one child,—A correspondent writes from Chiuendega, Nica-votes. l8tM section of the law, the President of the Board is ere/Ated General Superintendent in tiieeiisence or disa- —The Indiana delegates to the Charleston Conven- b$ty of the Superintendent, and empowered " to per-iiifi^tioa W» m ail eases %t> be paid oat of are connected with them arbitrarily, but not naturally down upon them with such violenee that the whole rafua, that the Hon. Beverly Clark, the United States tion once determined to engage and take down a huge,the sroeeeds from the sale of the church property, arfd if they wish to throw off the Government under bix were swept away like straws. One only, a young Minister to Guatemala, is dead; and that before he died tent for their accommodation, while nominating aPresidential candidate. They wrote to a citizen of/* form all the duties of that office, subject to the raise '* and regulations of the Board, and with proportioo- " ate increase of pay during such continuance of duty." The office of General Superintendent being now va- cant, President Bowen, of ooureo filla the position, but M the proportionate increase of pay" being a matter of no coneequence to him, he very generously, and with the consent of the Board, donated the salary that would accrue from said office for the purchase of books, to be placed in the /Station-House libraries. The money will be placed in the hands of the Cnief Clerk, to be disbursed for euch pnrposes.By resolution the President was directed to detail a Sergeant and five patrolmen to act as'the " Metropoli- tan Sanitary Police," as provided by the 54th sect on of the law. The names of the persons in this detailmeutconfiscate to. the Sta'* by the law of July which thex &rs st present organized, why force us to he was divorced from his wife, and received as a monklast. The amount of ready money thus at the disposal join them 7 The Arizona--bill, which has been bafore hid, lodged upon some drift wood, to which he clungOoigrefs for several years, provides for an area of ter- dining the whole of the night, and was rescued the into the order of the San Franoiscans.Charleston for u'd in tbeir plans. He replied wlSh the Mo taining. W e presume, however, that as yet it is for two or more Territories—and they can have bound- n o t morning. The rest were drowned. Some of the —It is stated that 20,000 SwedeB and Norwegians assurance that the stories of the hotel extortions were small. As to the amount of property destroyed, nec- aries sufficiently extensive to sitisfy their pride, with- boo iee were recovered. are preparing to embark early in the coming Samoier exaggerated, and that good accommodations will be 5 essarily, in defense of the city, and by the bombard- out embracing any lands west of the Chiricahui —In 16C0, a Boston merchant naaaed Welsh gave a for the United States. They will bring much wealth fmnlohed for $2 and $3 per day, some even as low as ment itself, the best authorities estimate it at between Mountains. honae and lot, now No. 112 Washington street, to wiT.h tbem, bu*, what is betttr, bsing a sober, moral, $1, while the highest charge will be $5. Consequentlyof the Government we have not the means of ascer- ritory comprising over 90,000 square miles—enough$4,000,000 and $5,000,000. It Uexpressly stated, how- Yesterday, a par$y of six persons started for Cali- Harvard College. A hundred years ago this property and industrious race, they will bring with them habits the Indiana delegation will not dwell in tents.•ver, that tile kisses have fal\*n heavier ^upon the fornia, with the remains of their stock which had notfriends of thebeeieging party, who are entitled to no been stolen by the Apaches, determined to seek thtjir bronghtan income to the College of only $i per year.fortunes in a land where their bard-earned gains wereof industry and morality, which will render them most valuable citizens. ». —Now that most of the towns have been heard fiom, it appears that Michigan has chosen 417 Republi- can Supervisors, or 227 more than the Democratic.indemnity. The decree makes no distinction between natives and foreigners, whereby we conclude that all will be entitled to the same indemnity.not in continual jeopardy from incursions of hostileIn 1831, this property was leased to the senior member of%the firm of Little, Brown &, Co., the present OCJU,—Edward Everett has accepted the invitation of the The new prize captured on the Mexican c-wut is a have deserted their homes on account of the hostility $5,000 per annum, which \i the present pri^e. A large liver the oration before them next Commencement.inal name was Maria Conception, but after leaving Havana she assumed that of Conchita Miramon, wife of Gen. Miramon. The captured bark had been re- claimed by tile commander of the Spanish squadron at fiacrificios, and the suit was still pending when the hut mail left Vera Cruz.times, and demand the protection of an adequate mil-itary force. Notwithstanding Col. Titus's assertion tothe contrary, tt is utterly impossible to exaggerate thecondition of Arizoxa. Denied'a sufficiency of protec-tion from the War Department, we are the prey alike picion of having come unfairly by a colored boy he tr>'»g circumstances. The wife being accused of opposing the extension of Slavery, aud favoring the factories, homes, and edifices. The i^ame section pre- of hostile savages and semi-barbarous Mexican?. Re- was trying to s*]l. An officer went from Philadelphia poisoning, and on the point of being convicted, begged Bomeetead bill; after which delegates wore appointed vious for very summary action in the premises uoon';thought of house rent, the butcher, and many-otherthings, and on Tuesday the twain were made one in plorer, attracts much noticedn Boston, wht re it is nowthe bonds of marriage. The young lady was soonmissed; a detective was despatched by the unromantic as large as in New-York; ProfeflBor Agassiz, and"woman was never found, and some insisted that heday, at the spot designated in the confession of Lamb, POLITICAL.the headless body of a woman was found under thewater. Thettone and rope were also found, and it —pi the Baltimore Convention TJie PortlandPhiladelphia by Mrs. K., for assault and battery.. She could not Bwear that he ever struck her, but he in- dulged in whisky and failed to support his family. The husband said he believed lawyers were humbugs, and he would plead his own case. He informed tha'Jury that, having failed to prove that he ever laid an angrypathies and the wishes of that gallant band of men in hand'nponl/is wife, he couldn't possibly be convicted died. In the afternoon of the same day, his son, hav- the South who, against such frightful odds, have forseemed clear that this was the corpse of Mrs. Xianib.titer b&yez"There is another side to the ' 9th of May Con- —At a town meeting recently, in Medwayr~Masa., vention * which makes it deserving of some considera-ern aspect the ticket is honest and honorable, while in theresnlt of the Heenan-Say ere prize fight. Tae com- its Northern relations it is simply and only a trick ofmnnication is supposed to come from " Boss Harring-of the Jury, I ain't willing to feed all the brethren of crowd. Seven rounds fought. Mr. Sayers got the Republicans of the North." .",. After the final reading of the minutes, the brethren the church, nor to give Bohea parties to twenty people fiifct knock-down on the fourth round. Mr. Heenan -r-The result of the Wisconsin Judicial election seem nnited in singing the 221st hymn, commencing:ton." a well known sporting character. It runs thus, come, we trust, it is even nowrapidly approaching,on exhibition. The number of daily visi«ors is quitegive the required bond. -On motion, the thankp of the Conference were ten- dered to the Trustees of Sc Pani's Uuurch for the use of Mr. J. S. Foster fell upon the floor in a fit, and soon tion and respect. It is that it will represent the sym- that edifice. The Methodist residents of the city wereclosing prayer.—A dividend of 55 per cent has been declared in fa- mentators: The BISH-OP, last of all, proceeded to read the ap-olina, on the 25'h December, 1763, and was conse- be sound views upon the State Rights question." North as Tarrytown. ;manufacturer of telescopes, is about erecting several Aproi»T»B»T» »om TH« NKW-YORJK, Durttuc#-A. M. O*-quently in the 97th year of his age He took an active new buildings for his businees in that city, aud he in- ,—The Missouri Democrat says of the recent nomi* £?*%. P£?,idijl?S EJder.~-Daane-«treet Church, T. B. 8mitb:part in the closing scenes of the Revolution, from the time o* the "defeat of Pergueon at King's Mountain to the surrender of Cornwallis in 1781. He was noted for being an honest man. He had voted ia every Pres- idential election which had been held in the United States. He voted twice for Wajhington, Once for the elder Adams, twice for Jeflereon, twice for Madison,tends also to fit up an observatory for astronomical pnrposes.—The barque Justice Story recently arrived in Boa- ton from St. Helena, having on board eight or ten Na- poleon biids, as they are ca'led by sailors. They are found in great numbers en that islaad, and are sup- posed mobtly to frequent the vicinity of Napoleon'snations in that State: W . P . Strickland, Supernumerary. SwrodUfc Bethel Miwion " We say very seriously, that if the Opposition can Church, O. P. Peterton; O. Gv Headstronc, Supernumerary..vwice for Monroe, thrte times for Gen. Jackson,tleman, for a long time resident in this city, was found vention, it is simply because they wish to express.their and once each for White, Harrison, CUy, Taylor, grave. Tb6y are much petted and beloved by the sail- Ctarleston:W. AL CUifi: S. C Perry, Sup. New-York City MWeton. W. H.. Ferris; J. C. W«shbara, Sup. Washington Highta Church, Charles W . L yon. 'Harl*m—B. M. Adams. .' Morrieasia—J. W Macoaober.1 lemoDt and Fordham—J. A. Scllick. White Plains—H. Lounsbury.Grtenburgh and Irviiigton—Samuel Orcutt Tarrytown—A. C. Fo»«: S. Martindale, Sup. Dcbbs Ferry—Luther W . P«ck.Yonkers—L. H. King; W . G. Browning. Suo.Tackahoe—A. M. Hough.Sooth Yonkers—Robeit H. Kelly.Chaplain to Westchetter County Alms-Hoa*e—C. F. Pelton. J. Holdich, Secretary of the American Bible Soototy, memberof S t Paul's Quarterly Conference.J. McClintock, D. IX, Pre*, of Troy University, member of Stthoughothey have elected, delegates to attend tile Con-breast, which has a reddish tinge.—Three persons were last Sunday excommunicatedour power to express a confident belief that he will be the Lext candidate of the Democratic party for Preai dent."—The Memphis Avalanclie is not pleased with Mr. Wigfull of Texas. It says:4 In a recent speech of the Unitt d States, Mr. Wig- fall of Texas made the shameful and scandalous propo- sition that the Charleston Convention simply reindorsebards of Indians. The Arizonian contains accountsof several families living on isolated ranches, who ^pants, at a rent of $1,100, afterward increased to Utited Li'-erary Societies of Dartmouth College to de- In eight towns the Democrats have made gains, and have not yet been made known. The Sanitary Police—A few days ago, we recorded the fact that a man W88 arrested and detained in Louisville, Ky., on sus-—A Belgian journal gives an example of a husband who is ready to do justice to his wife under th« most—The Republicans of Marshall County, "Virginia, edifices, suspected of or charged with being unsafe, andThe correspondent of the Trait d?Unu/n, writing duced to poverty, and in many instances to penury, by after the alleged kidnapper, the boy having been taken tiattbe husband's testimony might.be admitted in her to the Wheeling Convention.complaint of the Sani'ary Police before a magistrate. The Counsel of the Corporation of this city having d<dared that bills for meqioal tervioes at the Station- Bousee are properly chargeable to tbe Poliae Fund, ard as by the fith rule for the government of the Police Surgeons, it is made.their duty to attend all casualties requiring professional aid, occurring by day or nightfrom the City of Mexico, on the 27th, says that the the constant inroads of these lawless savagts, we are from the latter city. On the way northward, the fel- favor. This requeat W8e granted, and the man de-—A Republican Club has been organized in De Witt, Hiram K. Edwards President. v —At the South Carolina Democratic 8tate Conven-Government is again sorely in want of money, and that there is talk of a new forced loan of five p«t eeut e» all capital.unable to protect ourselves, and even the smart milita- ry >orce at pretest within our borders, if efficiently equipped, is wholly inadequae, owing to the sheer n*j*l««t of the officials who superintend the transmis- sion of supplies. Instance the total failure of Co?. Rave's campaign of last Fall, an account of which Ilow jumped from the car-window, while the train was proceeding at a slow rate through thick wools, and effected a good escape.clared that the best proof of her innocence was the fact tbht he was alive, 4,for," said he " I am sore that if Buy wife h*d possessed the least disposition to poison any one, the would have begun with* me, whom sheIn the mean time, if we may believe the public joar-**2#, the indignation agamst u the Yankees" for theirjFTjnpathy with the Constitutional Government and«*«t«re of the Mxrva expedition, had risen to such a reported for TH* r*i»i>j«x. Our sole dependence is in Philadelphia to Lancaster, wae robbed of $2,200 in gold • ban hated coidially for ten years." Tliis evidence was speech. He favored the Cincinnati Platform, and ia- a resolution that hereafter each Police Surgeon ©f the—A passenger in a sleeping-car, while traveling fromtion, which assembled at Columbia en Mnnday, Col. Orr was ohoeen President, and made a comervativein ibtir several districts, the Board therefore adoptedn^tfmataAaaasMiB B11iMLMmiliiMlJJl^^Untitled Document' There is one man whose name will be before the Convention, whose nomination wDl be acceptable to the Democracy of every State in the Union. Thatmother desired them, and went to take them home with •—The Evansville Journal, published in Southern In-her. They were unwilling to go; she then went to a diana, reviews the prospect in that State, and recog- ence adjourned for the year.neighboring town, where she prevailed on ten or nizing it, with Pennsylvania, as the battle-ground inAdvcr-Pending sundry collections, the BISHOP displayed to ihe brethren an interesting relic—the watch of the late the veritable 'thimble-rigging' "kind. The day will Bishop Aabury—making it tile occasion of some appro-over this success they have set up a shout of victory, or company are empowered, under such distribution ofwhile they carefully suppress the fact that they had lost 29 townships which they had last year.met at Dallas on the Gth inst., and passed resolutionsto fake all necessary legal measures for promoting the security of life and health upon or in said boats, manu-Rev. L. M. Vincont.Alternate*.Rev. L. H. Kin*. 'marked, was about to leave .them, having been trans-good news for•\50 550 100do... do... do. mini 11111wThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069w11n inID'HIHIIIWIMIMIMHIIMHMMMMaillMyillllllllliltw.1fulto11nhistory.com 