 10NEW8 FROM WA&HINCrlK>N.NEW YORK' HEEALD, TTJESDAY, APRIL 3,, 1860.-TBIPLE SHEET.of tbe OoBTeatlon,- **»». He opssrj; svows •p tie question 0f slavery. The democratic party That his motahty might set be questioned, he said he to be sentenced when be broke jail and escaped. He -— I4Iclion »f tlie Boise fmrnltUt oo tbe Prmter of either house from BelMag out thTenUre host'the tost election many Southern States P " ^ ^ " ^the Pacific Railroad plank of the F * * 0 TM ^ ^ ^ ^ bentsMfDINPretest Mm*ge.acas. Another rosolutkm provides for letting the printing aotwlthsteadteg, J ^ ^ f ^ the nominee — — _. - the consatbjcontract , JudgeDouglas'course,sadallspeHcuelawtionusldtosaasptofsV4.ISTCSTBD pnmcATiow HI i n aanr TOSS rest o m mhey were told not onlj to have slaves but to establishdeck*.do the wotk, which to aa"aDegsd nolatien of tbe law. deetoie 4 of the Cosveattoa,» ^ t a ^ J * ^ t e r " w b s declared tiv^ Congress bad no right to legistste wouW vote for this bill, or any other, and this dispositionSbeald Osapesa adopt thai resoratioa it would apply K. _ - hrmsea toe a a w J^^ag ta ray be; reserving too warnbictsna/j., hi his tetter of acceptance, had said tl at thr people of the Territories had the samerightsas tie people of the States. Be belkveu. ta all that, and de- sled, (hat either Congress or tbe inhabitants of the Terri- •oVies could legislate slavery into or out of them, fecaase be drew a distinction set usually drawn between slavery as an tnstttution and stavesFIBS IN MRCZB STRBST -Betweea tea asd eaves o'clock last night, a fire broke ante tbe sewing -~-.<)t manufactory of Whitney A Lses, osthe thirdfloor«r No. 186 Mereer street the usssm w«« Momplrr » j f gmebfd by the firemen. ThefireemuBeac^Tames anal" boxes of tesing machtaes, and at present iarorWw.At p«»tqualry to Mr. Bowman, who emplojj Rives to do the fPresidential election by So rftlreiaetukses toLi A*(laughter.) Be repeated that this question brings up thewhole power of ConFess te govern the Territories, bywhichdemocratewillbe requiredtostandwhentheques-HOBot slaveryto involved, the democratic sstasaian hasbeen often revised, sad so rapidly, that people were aotable to keep up with lbs changes, and now he was re-quiredtosaythatCongresshasplenarypowerallonone uninown. TheCarnagetoIbestockwillbeabout$7mTrattan of the Dlatform beSenate work. But the law referred tojrohiblte the( •ay pertiesof thepkttfstss•~_-5L^- ^s-g^g againstthe SUte of tbs In ion asd debated tbe subject of poly of any general expression of opinion in favor of theUnion worth saving. For these reasons I have been op- necticut; Bloomfield Usher, hailing from St Lawrence smaller States—ta s word, that she had sacrifijed everygamymUtah. Mr.Etheridge,ofTennessee,produced she greatest sensation on tbe sabject, by tbe strong ar- gumentheaude,thatifCongressbaathepower to interfere with the social institutions of the white man In the territory of the United States it haaeeaalpowertointerferewiththeinstitutionofblack aaea,unlessaniggerisbetterthanawhiteman,Mr.Beeper,delegatefromUtah,wasbeforetheHouse i oa Territories to day, and made an interestingchange from tbe Southern delegates. The meeting on the 6th will therefore be unimportantWhilst the prominent position of Judge Douglas beforeThese are doubtless brave wordsBut Lord Grey, wbentieadmissionofKansasintotheUnionlaspeciallyas bersforreelectiontoCongress.Thedelegateswhohave Bagaed in the House to morrow, and will be hi order, if visited this city do not partake of the bitter hostilitythe debate continued over from to-day oa Utah does not erewd koutTHi BKuntnuD a m . dbillisinorderlatheSenatetomaraad an cSbrt will be made to let it come up, and aaequal efbrt will be manifested to prevent its consideration,iaaator Wilkinson, of Minnesota, will oppose the bill inMr. HICKMAN , (A. L. dem.) of Pa., from the Oommittee on towardsDcuglaswhichtheotherSouthernmembersex casebeforetbecourt;'yethewassenttoCongressbys theJudiciary,reportedabilltoextendtherightofappealhroaoood into the Senate, because it does not provide thatanypersonwhoiasheheadofafamily,orwhototwenty- form,pureandsimple,shouldbereaffirmed,Douglas'BTSBCB0VMB.BROWN.LordGrey'sapprehensionsarenoleasunfounded titan they are bunai'totiag. We have heard a great deal about the preceients, staoosstons and de- bates springing from Mr. Pitt's commercial treaty of 17*:.ras tekea op in the Supreme Court lo-day, Wat.i makaag hat n|aslsi argument tar the Unitedof those Territories, so long as they are Territories. Add totha.also,theplankofaCongressionalslavecode—the logical aad proper ooacluston insisted upon by Southernin support of hto argument. At the outbreak of the tote war lieutenant Otsertl Mr. TATLOS, (dem.) of La., also controverted his posi- to so doubt, it can be tried to much better advantage than Von Eynalteh, as Commtomry tasaral. reqassted tt.TBB BAELBS KTvaS M B BSUXUTB TSJ*0«BSURTAtrsryaremerewasteoftime.Heweak sproperty/sadtathisconsistedtheentiredifferencebe-side,providedIttofeveroftbenegro.ThiswasnotesluttyinsuredTheseeeadlfleerIsoccupiedbyr?0ffk"OmvenHun WW Meet in Ckarletton—Senator Douflat— SU Platform, dcIt to generally understood that the committee whichmeets here on the 6th will not take the responsibility ofchanging the place of meeting of the Democratic ConvenSPRBTH Or M B TBS BTCK.Mr. TEN Even, (rep.) of N. J., said New Jersey alwaysbad been true to the Union and constitution as under stood by their framers and the statesmen of that day. The question was not now slavery In the States, but Hi exBin No. 1—Seventh Avenue Railroad bill. Among the ject in France, nay, throagho.it ail Europe, aad that voice corporators we find the names of Jno. S. Hunt, Live spoke In terms of severe reproof end bitter acorn re- Oak's private secretary, and director hi several of his specting the presenl attitude of England. The charge toattack on the part of the friends of all the other less con spicuocs candidates, h a friends claim that the violence otti.-s, be would pursue Commercial intercourse wdtcalculated to have any weight with the delegates who re gard themselves as occupying an Independent position and in many instances are the rivals of the sitting mem'case Chief Justice Hornblower had discharged a slave because of a defect in the evidence, and had expressed an opinion of its unconstitutionality, but it had not obtained with them. Ha people were In favorofexecutingtheFugitiveSlavelaw,aadhedteda case where a representative of the State (Mr. Strattea) advocated it, and sent three slaves back to oondage, la aAdjiurned.Hosue of Representatives. WASHINGTON, April 2, I860.Jl-niOIABT ATTAIBS.hibit On the contrary, nearly all of them express the conviction that if Douglas' friends are true to him the South will yield, la tbe meantime, North Carolina and Georgia will probably go for him from the firstThe great fight la theterminationwill be upon tbe platform. Whilst it is conceded that the Cincinnati platvery large republican vote. He contended that the prta- ciplee of the republican party were identified with those of Jefferson and the ordinance of 1787, and said that New Jersey would stand with the Middle States in repelling ul tralsm and extravagance, and beg tbe other States—by i he memories of Monmouth, Trenton, Saratoga, Bunker Hill, New Orleans and Guilford—to maintain the Union.improvementofHarlemriver,whichwerereferredtotbe likeit Mr. BROWN, (dem.) of Miss.,said it was well known Committee on Commerce.hat l>e contended that a Territorial Legislature could abolish slavery by non-action, and tbat be favored Con «itibional protection of property in the Territories, for ibis the charges had been brought against him that he had departed from the nsagei of tbe party, and was m•yearsormoreofeg*>«*ycateronequartersectionof friendswillinsistthatIfthistodoseitmustbeviewedaslsubject to pre-emption, the House bill embraces sad wm be supported by Senator WU-TBB CO01H TBADSMr. Moata, (rep.) of Me., ineffectually endeavored lbCity Intelligence.THE LATE WASHINGTON IRVING —Thto being the anniver- One precedent should not be overlooked The most phi-'huise!d^rrf,m, bmtkmto » « ^ , £ ^ V ^ * * slavery »',o a Territory or out of it President ibeuld be attributed to ate early teaihiag of piety, tasked upatheadquarterstoawaitaaexaintaatioB.nomination from no.other party or set of men than tween gentlemen calltog thenarelvei democrats, and claim- jet pnbltthe.d as the last authoritative exposition of the Sfceperd, manufacturera Of silver wars. Loss about tieo DebateontheSlaveryQuestionThebiltoofferediaUtoSousebyMr.Raskin,providingregularlyorganzeddemocratiapartytowhichhehatingtestanduponthesameplatform.Beadmittedtothedemocraticcreed,butitwouldhaveendorsersmerere-Tbebasementandpartoftbefirstfloorareoocuptadbr§ **+*Delate todollars Uttreitr, have been sxamlsed by Mr. Eiioi, ofthe House on the lappmsion el Masasebssetts, In the Oommittee ea Commerce, aad he elcqcfntly and as courageously in liatthng for principles would assert such a pioposBton. ir he would, thenhusband and wife.Mr. ETHKRILUB replied, he was showing: the difficulties gentlemen may nave, for fear they Wm aot see them. T A T * l?*"!1 * * • W" *,0*« •» withtitodistinct under- standing, that Congress has power to punish adultery and may extend the power to the interdiction of slavery by aalrlendiytegatation•, bat be would vote for ths bilf be- cause he believed Congreae would always have toe mashin the Senate.which be baa devoted bis whole brilliant public career, same right as the people of a State, te legislate slavery polygamy are kindred offences. If punishment may befrom the time when, as the eloquent champion of General into a Territory or eut of it- But wast right bad the peo- extended to married persons, It may to single ones. If re t o v ing recks la Hell {ate, appropriating fifty thousand Jackstn, he received the thanks of that illustrious -jutn, ple of a Staler Could a State legislate slavery Into a State tbe law may be applied to white*, it may be to the blacks.downtotbepresentmoment,whoahetoengagedSBoroatofrtrHesupposednogentlemanuponMhe^fioorTheconstitutionrecognizesstaverynomorethanitdosssttehtly damaged by water. Tbe batfotag to aawmnwa about $60; insured. *DrxiiATTBBHOSPITAL,—JohnKeevan,oneofthestitars stabbed at N o 81 West street, os Friday evening ta*-. bytbekepperof asaloon, dadtesteveningattheNcsanerne Kenan Stan Peace. ',THE BaXaXIOVSBETW1XNENGLAND, FBSKCSASSTRtmiTWn 8TATK8 COMPASS D.In the debate en the nomnnretot treaty ta the noose afLords on tbe lath March, Lord TAUNTON, ia tbe course or bis rtmaiks, said.—Their lordships were aware that from time to time there bad arisen very difficult and debet!" questions between this country and tbe letted Cue*., which if not conducted with temper, discretion and TI»- deration on both sides, mtohthave Involved both count;** ta all the catammea of war. The commercial retatloa* betweea tbem, however, were so vast and as hnporiaa' that be was satisfied they bad a great practical effect i«,Polygamy in Itab.whicb will enable the democracy of the country tomaintain a Stale Iegtotature could destroy property. If ba« reported them back to the committee farorably, sad their position as a national party, Instead ot, by the intro- they could destroy property ta staves, it followedMr. LAMAR, (dem.) of Man., Inquired whether the gen- tleman BMtatained and asserted the sower of Congress to punish slavery and crime ia tbe Territories?Tbe F»ciflc Baflroafl and Telegraph gfraftBiOar Special WMmtmgtam Despaeclt. W^SBJUKJTOW, April 2, IMO.beea ordered to report them to the House. sac ricmc BAOBOAD.The select committee on the Fadfle ftuirosl metthto morsmg. Messrs. Smith, Taylor, Hasnilton. and Stout were absent. Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, offered the foliow- jagTesolatioa1saasab8tiaite to otaso^wJ^utSooa which have been dhwutsed:—Resolved,Tbtt the eastern teratmus of tbe ro*<l shall be on tbe weeteru boundary of one of the States being wertof the Mawieeippt river, aad shall be en the same latitude of the city of San ltaa|toeo.duction of aecticaal doctrines a a l personal animosities,making it a mere geographical party, defeated, despised,and soon to be ob'-iteretod. If, en the contrary, it to con-ceded tbat this territorial question to a judicial aad not alegislative subject; If the democracy of 1S60 are contentto light the battle upon the principles of 1616, the prospectwill be far different. The democracy of the North oaafuccessfully resist Seward and hto irrepressible conflict.Abolitionism at all its phases Will be vanquished. The reiterated that man could not bold property in man, yet good sense to do It (Inughtor.)it*awres.iOroaChaMdw - ' -:- ' M«as*d to tfZeairedaaatnahtei WwktiaiI.inint I oakextMM i « i r r r . i anhaire.oi Pac.aei.eoi gofcorwttl CUapafia*rfcwric< Dvne Spot aurbto t*awua-.t • awteh; >' iPlikiva, Ob>STate£« Sarin, Tow j c w a t k ' i Halll-Ua* ecatrabte• me1 AB.-M'L.rev. P a t o ' < « u Aw. Tata l i s awe •*("•>•*•, Baa*tehedea failKUI t Mi , Mrfor widening and deepening the channel of llr.ilem river, always belonged, and to aid In building up aad auatahtiay, fullest extent that the people of the Territories had the spectable tbaa the Helper book. Incest, adultery aad George H. Kitchen, maBofactoier at gas fixtures s«oc*-at aa expense of two hundred thousand doctors, aad foraI learn upoatawuirystlhe Poet *®oe DeperOment that J Mr. Davie, of Maryland, submitted the following resolu- of the democracy in the North. They will continue togentteman,byvotingforthiabttl,voted tortheprinciple mat Congress has the right to abolish slavery in the Ter-MR. ETHEWLCE repeated that he would vote for the bill 'he slave trade. Therefore those who denounced the In order to scour this nauseating offense, end beoaasa he•, r educiag tbe through messages from foar to Union and discussing its integrity; whether it Is Imperilled, cal institution, Into a Terrlttory or out ofIt? In Illustrating three dollars, aad eatttog down too bonus from Oft/ to for tbe purpose of procuring from Chin a or elsewhere tbe and if EO, wbo a responsible, and what remedies there this point Mr. Wiglall referred to tbe legislative power of inhabitants or subjects of China known as coolies, to be were? He regarded the Federal Union as tbe palladium Congress over the District of Columbia I am told, said •arty mosses « dollars per annum. If tbe price is re- transported to any foreign country to be disposed of of our liberty, and would, therefore,.oppose the political he, that we are committed to tbe non-intervention doe-constitution is one of limited powers, snd gave no au- thority to pats a measure like that under consideration.stated the drcumslaaots In which the treay originate:! he would now call the attention of their lordships te tit* main movietone which tt contained. They were statptacent*st nowto to defeat the) odious doctrine of Seward sad Helper,anditto,therefore,notimefartheSouthtotrite with Its safety and its interests, by striking down the de- mocracy of the North, who alone can stem the flood. Do r las may be defeated, but with him closes the hopestbe first property that man ever held was property in man. Theonlygovernmenteverformed byBodhimself established tbat right; and when the Israelites, non-slave- holders, were going from Egypt to the Promised Lead,theretonotawordoftruthlatheallegeddefalcationta tion,intheformofasuggostioB,sotsubjecttoaction:— struggle,bnttheywillloseboththeSenateandtheHooka, Godthatmadetbcm,andbadbreathedthebreath thoughtCongresscouldprohibitittaUtah.Bextendsits preventingtbecrimesandndsertesofanatiBssiaaaij Reserved,Thattbecommitteerecommendthattherail-andtbe"Irrepressibleconflict"willtriumph. orlifeIntotheirnostrilsandbywhosewilltheyprovisionstobtasksaswellaswhites.Astotheopera-contest(HearjThtoconsiderationwssenaasteatMathe rfew York Peat OAtee. On tbe contrary, tbe accounts way shall be constructed ea a line beginning on the«Tthateffloesereallkeenpromptlycloeedup tatheend weeternshoreofthe Missouririver, oppositeSt.loseph, «1ikequartereadmgSlatBe*ember,andtheweeklyinMtrsouri,andrunningthencethroughtbeSouthPass,or Bridgerw Pass, to Sea Francisco, branch route as shall eepositsforthequarterjustetaeedhnvebeenlargerthan beteandbyinstrumentalsurveytobethecheapestaadaaaaL t y law the Poetnantar at oblged to deposit the best on which to construct and maintain' thi road.THIRTT*SIXTH COXGRESS. FIRSTSESSION.Bemat*.WASRTjfGTOit, April 2 , I860.TBS 1KDIA.V •APTROVKl.AV.ON RILL.Mr. Hnrras, (dem.) of V s , from the Finance Commit-existed. In every political community, said he, tion on slavery, the only guarantee he had was the good how deatrnhte rt waa that they should, if possible, iaprm e There are two powers constantly at work. There a the sense, liberality and fair c ealing of OasfSsm tbettcomaaerctal relations with France. (Hear ) He sWild creatingpower,theconstitutionmaking,ortheorganic Mr.FKYOKremarkedthatthegentlemanfromaowbrieflycalltheattentionottheirlordahtostotheciraw making power. Then there Is the executing, or law Ttnnesse said he regarded every one voting for cumsunoM'under which tha treaty was mace, aweratoeea free trade pettey had been adopted-and ecaed *B»br makingpower. Inevery political community tbe thisbillasvotingforlbsrightofCongresstoaboltohsla- adepted-andacted rcreating, or constitution making, power estab- very in the Territories. That might "be aad was true aa this country "they found it necessary to alter Utheir poller to the gentleman,bathe (Mr. Pryor) repudiated that view with regard to commercial treaties Theyreceipts of his elBee weekly -with the Euh-rreaBarer.andtin hat cl wajs been done 1 y Mr. Frwler, whose adrnlahvatten of tbeollee aaa'oeea entirely taiAfactory to the aad adjourned to meet again to morrow evening, the 3diebes what to or what to not property, E3. fOtidTl either directly or indirectly, or by covenants or silence. the question. He observed a distinction between stavery was no longer of say ma to go cap ta hand to thedepaiaaaatsaw rtinnw I'B raornr SUMACS.The Boaae Judiciary Committee met thia aaorning, aad had «ta*er ceaaklaraait a the President a protest message.Inst,atteveno'clock.Mr. Hied man, of Arkansas, offered a bill for a branchroad from Fort Smith, in Arkansas, t> ts? the supposedor which it was organized. Then I deny thattee, reported back the Indian Appropriation bill amend* he executing or law making power can decide was only speaking for myself.central road at Pike's Peak. Efforts are making to have after a protracted dtorjaatkon open it, the majority of the, the committee include la their report the Southern road,Mr. ETHERIPGK—I admit the power of Congress to legis- late over black as well as white persons, and while thiaaeatmittte stitborteed the chairman .to prepare a report by way of El Paso sad San Diego, notwithstanding theThe committee agreed that at Its next session all pend- rg propositions shall be voted upon without discussion,different countries ef the world for the pa -mom of fram log commeretal treaties en the principle of equivalents Tbs met wss, that other countries imagined they had aMr.LAMAB—Myquestionto,whetherCongresshaspow- distinctandseparateInterestoftheirewataamass*,promenu,andgavenoticethathewouldcallituptomorrow. what to property or not; aad, therefore, I denyer to declare and puntoh slavery as a felony in tbe Terri- tories.posatoof this kind, and therefore the more we urged them to this policy UMternthey were ritanpaefi Is reev- roeate. In addition to this, me mere fatty they earrtod out the principle or free trade, the less of equlvaten s re-ntlV A TB LAND CI J IMS.On motion of Mr. BswjAXnr, tbe bill for the final adjustment of private land claims in Florida, Loutoiana, Arkaa- ras aad Missouri was taken up.tbat a State Legislature can legislate slavery into a Terri-tory or out of it But a State Legatature can legislate apontbe subject of slaves. It must legislate on that subject. Itmost pass laws for it protection as for every other speciesof property. Drawing a distinction, there'ore, between bill does sot embrace black persons. Congress may do so mained for tbem to offer. Whilst at'll desirous of pro slaves and slavery, I say the democratic party never has Ths gentleman from North Carolina, by offering aa moteng oar commercial arteicourse with France, we batMr.BBKJAXUI,(dem.)ofLa.,statedtbattheobjectof beencommittedtothedoctrinetbattheinhabitantsofa amendment,soughttododgethequestion. tageneralabandonedtheideaofpsaatagatarsTaaatr ThecommitteealkmedMr.Hickman,thechairman,apreviousdeotoiveactionofthecommitteeagainstIt thebillwaatopreventthepresentationtoCongress,oaeTerritory,becausetheycannotlegislateslaveryIntoa Mr.BRANCH,(dem)ofN.C.,assuredthegentlemenwiththatcounty.Batthatwhicawasmostaasrpsaaailici'.theviewsacddoctrineslaiddowntothemessage.BPrraaawoa o? TBS COOUB TBADS.Mr. Eliot, of Massachusetts, baa been instructed by the Oommittee on Commerce to report a bill prohibiting the Chinese coolie trade by American citizens in AmericanTerritory or out of it, cannot legr*lsw apon the subject ofslavery. IT s SUte I^gtolatnre cannot legis-late slavery into a.. State or out of it, thenit follows, it seems to me, as s matter to face tbe responsibility by voting against the Mil, hat St fuliyctweek, If accessary, to prepare hit report, when it will be j Bubattttedto them far their approbation. Messrs. Hous ' ana aavd Miles Tajlor were allowed to make a minority re- pert, sas'airing the positions assumed by the Presidentstance of tbe bill a as follows:— Hamlin, was called up and passed. constitution making power—any organic law making Mr. TATLOB opposed the bill. It would be a dead tetter the French gevwament eTmisatid a witaagneas to relax, TheHousePeatOfficeCommitteehadanotherBeaaton SectiononeprovidesthatnocititenoftheUntted THISLAVBRTQrvgnos—prsscnoram.SAriSBrRT. power—anycreatingpower?Where,Iask,tothegroundonthestatutebook.HeadvocatedMr.Branch'samend-theirprohibitoryandh^nlrprotectiveayatcm,thegovern-te day ea the Facile Telegraph MIL The sub commute* Mr Davis' Territorial resolutions were called up. for it? If Congress, then, cannot make constitutions, or- ment, which would apply a remedy for the evil which all ment of this country wouamhave been highly calpibli u States or resident shall, as master, factor, owner or other- Mr. SACLSBVBY, (dem.) of Del., said the resolutions ganize governments, or declare what is property or what they neglected so favorabw so occaMon of aeeompttoauurat a time, of these private land claims. passed.The bill wasexist before be would vote for thefirstsection of the biUMr. ETHERIDGB replied, that the gentleman wss willing rail*Botnrrr LAMD WABRAI-TS-The bill to authorize the location of certain warrantsol course that a Territorial legislature cannot do it, and tbe same time afforded by his amendment a Barrow plankbelow the gangway (Earl Grey,) that the'say had' law passed in this country for act ng oa the dootrtee ef eew- valents,yethecouldnotbutthickthatwb«thence the squatter sovereignty doctrine vanishes like thin by which hto friends might escape from the burning TBSVACTTICTBacuura. vessels.ThebttltoaccompaniedbyareportThesub-forbountylandsheretoforeissued,onmotionofMr.air.ButbowisitastoCongress?HasCongressanywreck.Mr. SBXBMAN, (rep) of Ohio, said they should remain and not numerous The ooseessioos oa the part o.' Eng- •weed,aaecttaawillbeaddledthrowingitopentooompe-sgainsttheirwilltoranytermofyearsasservantsorpartieswhichthreatened"it.S"ome*G«•i-b•—bonwouldyettrine.1gofornonInterventionwithslavery,butIdonotandcontinuethedebate. land—incallingthemconcessionsheWMusingtoettueaafter thirty days. Without coming to anyooncln- ataa the whole subject was postponed anal Wednesday ntit, when definitive action will be taken.sawasenonAOAISBTnmuxot-nuom.Senators U s e aad Gwin, aad Mr. Craig, of Missouri, enBed-ttie maraiag, with Mr. Dodge, the Indian Agent for Careen Valley, upoa the Sscrelary of War for military areueuoa against Indians on the emigrant route to Cali- ternte. The Secretary consented to giro a small military teres ea Che Hamboldt Gravelly Ford, which will be agwat protection agaiaat Indian incursion* along that enawe section of country.BXUTARY BOVBBUnSapprentices, to be held to labor or service, on penalty of the forfeiture of the vessel, apparel, he.IntendtoasserttbatCongresscouldnot, should not,or is not, bound ta pass laws for tbe protection of every species of property ; and what certain gentlemen call non inter-BsebedteaeetotbeorderoftheSecretaryofWar, transportingcoolies.weatral Scott has ordered tbe superintendent of the gene- sal recruiting service at Fort Columbua and Newport barracks to organise four companies of recruits, two at each depot, of seventy men each, or as near that number an possible, (or troops serving in Oregon; or, in case of •cadency of recruits at either depot, to organise twoaomseates, asd deficiency may bo supplied from tbe deSection four eicludes from the operation of the actriver, to Fort Benton, and thence to Fort Deltas by LieutMama's rouse. They are to bo armed and equipped as mXantzy,underthecommandofColonelRobertBucha uponthedayofitspassage.sma, assisted by Captains Laadrum a a l Floyd Jones aad rax BMOIJBB AT VBBA cans. %ssaadlag at Pert Btogery, will detail one of the companiesof artillery aader his ooasmaad to bo atstioaed tempora-rily at Yellow Medicine, to protect the friend ly Indians oa life.> at that place against the wild Indians, who emitting fearful depredations npoa the peaceableraaauaesB AOALVSI$260,000.BILLNo- 2—Relative to the West Washington marketMr. Covooes Investigatingsag,buttransactedn< nominationsaadtakestepstofurthertheorganisationforthe high contracting parties, shall be deTided pro rata with "The Forties," end the other hairgoes to the election land, for Seward, Weed A Co.BILL No S—Confirming Geo. Law's Ninth Avenue Ratireason1ammyselfunwillingtoIntroduceabillorvote roadgrant—thisgrantwasInourcourtsformanyyears, theHouseofComneons,chosetoconnecttheCommercialaad Schell are sat down for wvamtntttoB to-morrow. prosecuting the canvass.tit nt sons of these Fathers will submit to the yoke, The motto of the banner of the republican party was tewlast Bess, snd the party was bound to nothing, and Its actions were only determined by exigencies. In conelo- s on he said Delaware was tbe first to adopt tbe constitu- tion, and will be the tost to abandon It, and advocated thetnestioa, and leave the matter nearer home untouched?for a bill establishing slavery in Kansas, or a stave code >n Kansas. In the first place, it could not pass, as a bill to repeal the act of I860 could not pais; and in the next i lace, it could not be enforced. Y ou could not get a jury who would rather perjure themselves than enforce such enact And I am not willing.just now to aid a party in tbe renting contest, tbe success of which involves the de-more than name, ao those of France, with toe experience or the same benefits, are likely t) exhibit the same con- version?writethe(allof the Unionunless we timely. p.ause_wisely set. It was scarce eighty years ago since the Revo-lution was fougbt'by those from the North, the South aadtbe West, wbo achieved a common liberty for themselves vention,! call intervention. For instance, we have pro-Mr. LAMAB was prepared to meet the question ta a phraseology ofa bygone time, because therewasno*,a spirit of patriotism and not of party. The bill i I effect angle one of them which wm not for their ewu benefit,declared that an entire community to guilty of felony. ana which aooner or later they would have carried eut to Owing to tbe great importance Wthe aubject, it should re- their own Interett—involved a toss of revenue to th«a concession to him. they say that the opposition toDovglas a based npoa the fact that he does not considerthat a Congressional slave code is constitutional fortbe Territories, aad that the eonstltutiaaal power leipolatingnewrules. Heproposedbrieflytodenythese Mr.BCBSXTT,(dem)ofBy.,objected.sary of tbe birthday of Washington Irving, tbe New York ktophit atateamaa whom our country baa ever produced, Mr. Burks, represented that treaty as a base saenfioe efHistoricalSocietyhavearrangedtohaveasuitabledis- Englishhonor. England,beexotaimed,would,afterMsconclosion, resemble the woman wbo yielded up her boeor and ber fair name for oomterts and luxuries, tor gaate aad gewgaws—she might henceforth quaff the wines sal rustle ta the silks of France, bnt her influence sad her honorasanationwasforevergone. JustasUUieasMr. Burke's prediction* were then vartued by the event, jestwe may feel assured, would the cuocl'WKf" of tn»pnseat commercial treaty previa* England from vindi- cating, whenever the aesaates shall require It, her ancient title to be tbe panontea asd ths prateatraaa of the weekreceived a large number of Meiers of Territorial iegalaiures over the regulation of charges; for he had not attempted to Interpolate In party ussges anything not advocated by our Fathers. Heplay in honor of the great author's memory. An oration Tbe bill for the suppression of polygamy in Utah was will be delivered in the evening at the Academy of Music, try, aot identified with his adminiatruion or party, ap- question, if because be holds these views be a overthrew an 1 set aside certain laws of Florida Territory, considered. by William Cnllen Bryant, on the genius of Irving, andleading statesmen in liferent sections of tbe coua slavery,, as all other property, to a judicial would show that in 1822 Congress, byanexpresi law,anlwentfartherthanthat,byrefundingcertainmoneys Mr.MILLHON,(dem)ofVa.,saidthis bill should pass onlymemberscf theSocietysndtheirfriendswillbead- :ia strong terms hM recent protest message to the to be struck down, they will Insist that the platform shall paic under the repealed law and substituted an tndepen with as much unanimity as possible, for the crime of mitted. To-morrow evening a reception willtakeplace atrsaaosiTsral WalbrWge, of New York,* arrived bare thisag, having beea called here upoa business eon I with the governmentCAuroaxiA LAND CASS.United State 1 against Bolton, on an ap-contain a dear and direct exposition of the views of his opponents—slave code aad all. If not, then they bold be stands as well before the South as any of bis rivals.B a clear that aot a single Northern State could be carrieduponaplatforminsistingupoatheall-pervading extotenee of savory as a natural institution, which re quires positive enactment to forbid It, and which, spread togtotheNorthPoleofourTerritories,extendedsofar,dent law in its stead. It was thus asserted that polygamy wss not only extensively practised, bat at- the rooms of the Society m Second avenue, corner of CongresshadtherighttoprotectpropertyintheTerri- temptedtobelegalizedbytbestatute. Heargued,tare- Eleventhstreet. Thea'ffair,itIsexpected,willbeverybrilliant.AXOTBXB Taut or THX FTXEL BELL —Another trial of ths steel bell, which was tested ta tbe Park on Saturday af-Dtotriot Court of California, la-the title to three afaars leagues of San Francisco mast continue, no matter what the wishes of the peopleaifsestlng voice, and was approved by President Jack-son. Yet he (Mr. Brown) was denominated a heretic foradvocating now what those illustrious men approved. Hettoodwheretheystood,headvocatedtheiracts,and ganizedTerritories.tories. He cited the case of a law passed in 1881, whereCongress by direct law protected slavery in Jlorata,whish was voted for by Webster, Clay, Forsyth aadGrundy, and many other illustrious men of that Congress, andtassedthroughbothbousesofCongresswithouta thejurisdictionoftheUnitedStatesextended.ternoon,tototakeplaceaboutfouro'clockto-day.Btoandtbheoppressed,aadtheatroeceetbulwarkotEnroeeaa alleged that the bell has not been fairly tested, and that independence,therefore, no proper estimate of its power and utility C h e A u s t r i a n T r e a s o n C a s s .thev could destroy the title to land. He then illustrated by asking if in 1836, upon the bloody field of San Jacinto, men with arms ta their bands bad eetobltohed a.govern- ment, and declared that every land title within tbe limits of tbe republic of Texas shonld be abrogated, who could have said no? There was a moral wrong In this, and he answered there was a moral wrong in destroying property hi men, for as often as it was Iterated aad»theirreport,amendtagtheSenatebillmseveral wise,build,ft,equip,loadorprepareanyshiporvessel weretheoccasionofhisspeakingonthestateofthe isrot,wheretoitspowertolectolatoslavery,asapoliti- seemdesirousshallbeextirpated Hearguedthatthe aaobjecttheyhadsolongatheart(Hear,hear.)Havragf it fails to do that it fails of the high purposesand polygamy under the constitution.Mr. ETHZRH-GE—I know you do; yea have said ao. ISectiontwoprovidespenaltiesforsobuilding,Ac.,orma- andtheirposterity. Afterthatcametheformationofthe pertyinhorses,mulesandbogsIntheDistrictofColum- ceiveacalmandnotaharriedconsideration. amountof£1,100,100.ImopresentooodtttonoftoeFren:bnufacturing, as owner, master, factor, agent or otherwise; Federal Union, and there were conflicts then which bia. If the federal government were, by Its legislation,and also provides penalties for so building, he., or navi- were not irrepressible. Our fathers differed widely, either hostile or uufriendly, to pass such a code of laws,but did not assume a moral government over tbe world. or refuse to pass such a code of laws for the governmentgating,asowner,master, factor,agentorotherwise,any They knew no capital and labor States, now .so of thisdistrict,astodestroyalltitletohorses,mutesaad previousquestion,mylateto-morrowafternoon.vessel belonging in whole or in part to citizens of the United States, or represented or enrolled in the United States, knowing or intending that the said ship shall becalled by political aspirants, nor did they discuss the s'avery question; buf they placed a clause In tbe constitution relative to the escape of fugitives from justice from one State into another, which was a distinctTbe House refused to adjourn.Mr. TATLOB resumed and concluded hto remarks The House then adjourned.bogs, would any man dare deny tbat It would be Inter-vention of tbe most odious kind? All absence of laws toprotect property to Intervention against property. If,then, we cannot destroy tbe title to land, what aithoemployed m such trade. The penalties are fine and tm and positive recognition of rights of property tn slaves rity to there to repeal the taws for tbe resovery R e p u b l i c a n Mode off R a i s i n g E l e c t i o n French gejrernment promised to act in the most liberalprisonmeat SectionthreeprovidespenaltiesfortakingonboardorFunds off trie CItizma or Sew York.. TOTHSKDITOBOFTHSHERALD.manner. lieconfessedthatagreatdealwoulddependon thatpromisebeingcarriedoutinthespiritiawhichttwts conceived,andhebelievedthatitwouldbecarriedcutItrecognizedtheconstitutionalrightofone mantohave of staves in tbe District of Columbia? We askpropertyinanotherman,againsttheinterferenceof simplytbatslaveryshouldbeputupontbesasneSta'es. Heproceededtodiscusstheslaveryquestion footing with other speciesof property, Weaskp-eientedfromtheearliesttimestothepresent,andched that,andnothingmore.Then,sir,thepointwhichIrose Theblackrepublicans,beinglargelyintheascendency inaliberalandJustspirit;but,independentlyofthat,tt thefirstFugitive Slave law of 1763 as recognizing proper- to discuss was, tbe Senator from New Jersey was jntota- in the State Legislature, are takiDg.the advantage of their was vert posabie to carry on an extensive aad aevanta- ty in slaves, and said he believed if ever there was a blot ken in quoting Jefferson as authority for any such legisla- geous trade with a country levying high dotes oa ourvoluntary emigration, bnt provides for Consular certifi- and blur on tbe history of tbe country, it was toe Missouri tion as he now desires. Until he shows that this govern- power to the utmost extent, for the purpose of saddling manufactured articks With no country had they soCompromise. He charged the agitation of tbe slavery question on the enemies of tbe democratic party hereto- lore aad now. After condemning the hellish deed of Old Brown, he referred to the political events of the day by an inquiry if the Union was imperilled. He believed that onemanmorethanallothershadbroughtthe Unionto tbe very verge of destruction by his teachings and advice. That man, now an aspirant t> the highest office orment can do Indirectly what it cannot do directly, he cannot quote the fathers for the course he is pursuing. Now, Sir, the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Rrown) com- plains somewhat of inconsistency on tbe part of some of as, In not sustaining the resolutions he introduced. And upon that a few words, and I will have finished. I said, in tbe opening of my remarks, that I regretted these mat tersbadbeenbroughtupfordiscussionataU. Ifactionour already over taxed and robbed community with more and bolder schemes of plunder, avowedly, snd openly de- clared by the leaders of that party for tbe purpose of raising a corruption fund to be used this year for the election of Wm H. Seward to the Presidency.large and advantageous a trade as with the Uatoed States of America, and yet thetariffof the Catted States ranged betweea 20 and SO per cent It might, perhaps, be urged tbat the circumstances of the Catted States and of France were aot the same, that whilst the Uaatod States were only to a certain extent a manufacturing country. France WMa mannfaetOring country to a very ooasnera bleextent Tbat WMonly true up to a certain point, ro- be believed that of the exports to France at tbat moment, threefifthswere manufactured articles and two-fifths arti- cles of raw prodwoe. There was, there'ore, a very eoa-siderable similarity ta the trade between thto oouatrysndtheUnitedStatesandbatwaeathtocountryand .France.[From the London Poet, March 1$ ]To the truly wise and slBtoSBMnnTra remarks ef Lordcoarse with the United States ta keeping ths sense be- tween America aad Bsgtand, Lord Grey raphes by the counterstatement, so repeatedly male ta tbeHouseof Commona, that the French protectionists will herender*I by the measure the bitter enemies of Engrrni Bet, in drawing a parallel between the poattton of our own pro-cates to be given for emigrants.Section five extends the acts of February, 1847, andVarcb, 1849, concerning carriage of passengers in mer- chant vessels, to any passenger vessels from one foreign porttoanotherfore'gnport.vessels to be examined, upon cause of suspicion, by tbe the land, was a teacher of the views of therepublican party, and the same wbo recently delivered introduced a bill, and have discussed it uponSection six authorises the President to order AmericanWearetoldongoodauthoritythatbe,whotoverycor-pot hsTiag a surplus. Tbe rocraits will be detailed toJelwiasa barraehs on aha 30<h of April, aad will more oathe 1st of May following from S t Louie, by the Missouri ships of the United States, aad on proof of violation of the a speech in the Senate. The same man was once Gover- Its merits as s practical question. I regret avowed thto to be the object which to to control the Lelaw, to be carried into pert for adjudication. nor of New York, sad refused to return to Virginia three that tbe Senator to not present I would ask him if tbe gtetatore in these various schemes, whieh are intended toSectionsevenprovidesthattheactshalltakeeffect men-whoescaped,chargedwiththecrimeofstealing wantofprotectionofslaveryinKansastotheonlyevilthe diafranchtoe,robandplunderourcitizens.Letusbriefly slaves. IfJohnBrownbadcarriedalltheslavesofVir- countrytosufferingfrom? WhydoesheinsistuponavoteIt appears by a statement of the Picayunt i ^ r a CruxayordatoftheWarDepartment, Major Morris,com- correspondentofMarch91,thatCaptainAldbsmwroteto Slavetow.Hetheresaidtbat"slaverymustbeabolished,ducearesolutionupon a questionasdelicateandinvolv-ing as deeply the constitutional question aad the in'crestsof the South directly at home? Here In this District ofColumbiatheretotheactor1860,whichdeclaresthatanyman who offers his stave for sale—Ob, no, it does not pro-vide be shall be hanged, or put in tbe penitentiary, pillo-ry, or fined or imprisoned, but it provides that the titlewhich he holds in tbe slave shall be abolished, and the country cousins—who compose tbe black republicanlieatsassts Livingston sad Kant*Taunton, who, in moringthe add ras on the treaty, bad BILLNO1—DeclaringthatInfuturetheCommonCoun- calledattention to theeffects of ouroomrasrctollater-Miramon protesting very strongly sgainst wanton andinhuman destruction of English property and innocentTBS rxios NAUOSAL CV.Nvxxnos. TheConstitutional Union Oommittee tonight decidedand you and I must do it" He also quoted from hisletter to the colored citizens of Albany, tbat they bal aright to complain of the Union, as It did not give themequal rights with others. When the republicans assem-ble around the council board at Chicago and call the rail negro goes free. Is there any power ta this federal Legislature—this, it to said, will yield the snug sum ofrest tbe remains of Washington, Sumter aad Marion, aad that the Chairman should convene the entire National nominate a candidate to rule over these subjectedgovernment to free a negro ta the Dtabrtot of Colum-bia if offered for sale? If so, has it not the samelower to abolish tbe title ta tend if tbs grounds. Jas. B. Taylor h Co. are confident of rear! ring how came it that Lord Grey cesnptotely overlooked i** ewner of It oflers It for sale* Draw the from thto kill the small "douceur" from bask rente, Be , fast thai, as ear presfeStoatate, kmvtag ssaredtatatoaa- distinction. Why, then, bring In thrs eternal Kansas tbesumof»6O0,0U0,one half of which, tils agreed between Baoa welfare of tbe country, amy be aged to extotto aweOommittee of three hundred, simultaneously with the provinces who bad told the colored peopleConvention .to be held at Baltimore, May 9, to ratify that they haa a right to impugn the memories or these Fathers of tbe country, perhaps theReport*aysthatCovode'scommitteewillexaminetheex- peediturea connected with the secret service fund, and call as witnesses, among others, Mr. Appleton, Assistant Secretary of Slate; Mr. Wendell, and a member of Con- gress from New York city. The secret service fund, owning directly from the Treasury of the United States for diplomatic tervice, is subject of investigation, if there •goodreasontosuspectthatithasbeenusedtocorrupt thekgatationofthecountry.m strraimoH or FOLTGAMT IS CTAH.The Boose to-day went into Committee of the Whole on the arrangements already concluded, and in the absence tbe question was as to whether ta the broad domain, the only party who can save the Union or can render theOur Washington Correspondence. WASSDIGTOS, April 2,1800.and declared, after long litigation, to be unconstitutional, and as riding rough shod over the vested rights of our city charter and citizens—a black republican Legislature t sinks differently—Live Oak George being good for the amount, $260,010.Treaty with tbe question of Savoy, aad declared teat be would not incur tbe responsibility of joining in an address to the crown, and thus give by implication nto approval to a measure concluded under such suspicious circum- stances Butane votes, he said, waa beard on this subThe Meeting of Que National Democratic OomtniU-e—hTafrumony of tbe democratic party as tending to destroy the evils which'threatened the Union.giniatoNewYork,Mr.Sewardwouldbeafortunatego vernor for him ia such an event. He quoted Mr. Sew- ard's Cleveland speech, showing that he was In favor or abortobing slavery in tbe States and violating the Fugitiveof States, and there are no answers from the States whereupoabisresolutionsinregardtoKansas,anafalltoIntro reviewsomeofthemostimportantofthesemeasures,aadwere desired, it would have been better to have rectly styled " The Warwick"' of hto time, has openlyJudge he does act iintrod uce a bill apon that subject, for be reason tbat he cannot now pass It For the sameLord Gnv, following the example of the opposition tahe did act want to dodge. Polygamy might continue to by them occurred- an overture fr im the French gorera-A motion having been made to adjourn,Mr. NELSON, (S. opp.) of Tenn , argued that ths bill was tariff was highly protective and prohibitory. Oar c*tons, woollens, hardware, pottery, and finest ware either absolutely prohibited, Or such high doses levies oa tbem astohavetbeeffectofprohibition. NowitWMetipatatM on the French tide that the duties on our maaafactitrsd articles should not exceed 30 per cen , snd ntttatately should be reduced to 26 per cent But ooasidera'iie latitude wts allowed for arranging the scale within that Umtt.and tatof great magnitude and should be carefully considered. After s liberal amount of discussion, he would move theaeeaboutwhatamountthesehoneetpeopleexpecttorealize out of the city of New York, for a corr upuon fond to be used for the election of Wm. H. Seward.cil of our c'ty shall have no control, directly or otherwise, over any horse railroads to be laid ta our streets; aad, further, declaring that all such power shall be with ourtructionoftheUnion. Iamwilling,therefore,to monopolies;JacobHart,adirectorinhisprivatebank, oftenbroughtsgsmstos,thatwewerebatanatteeof 10 into tbe next Presidential contest fighting tbe and other institutiona; Master Thomas Towar, a boy in shopkeepers, might now be heard ta every court saduonfromCharleston.Theydonot,however,doubttheirtensionintoterritorynowfree.Noonepretended,exblackrepublicanpartyasIfindthem—tofightthemwiththeoffice,andothers—valueofgrant,$600,000—tobecabinetofEurope;forAwassaidthatEnglandhadbar- taiasSiacept a few enemies of the constitution, that Congress had fire. And when I eat with his Satanic Majesty I will eat wi*h power to do so, but consider It inexpedient, in view of any ri|bt to abolish slavery in the States in any way, but a long handled spoon. I am willing to pat in power theCartaine nam. a > Bwsvut. ward <> Bawtwh (Sauiear hod*, d e BSwr tu fcpfota Enltea * aad rtobedivided equally with live Oak and the fund.BILLNo. 6—Tenth Avenue Railroad, hi whieh are and ber moral influence; that she waa no longer the vigi-colleges, schools, and the golden harvests. The different nate time. For these reasons I differ with my frienl from said, formerly furni bed Weed, Seward & Co. with systems of labor, slave and free, could exist in different Mississippi (Mr. Brown) as to hto resolutions, and votecommon property of the Union, It should supplant freelabor,enterpriseandindustryInthemartsofcommerce, posedtothesenewquestions,startedatamostunfortu- county:LeonardW.BratnardofBrooklyn,(who,itU thingtotheinordinatelostofgainsectionsofthecountry,butcouldnottntheforthoseintroducedbytheotherSenatorfromMUss-broiledoysters,shad,ho.,andatooblackedtheirboots,wouldbethefirstmantodenounceanyactlikelytolealas they travelled with him oa the Nor.h river)—value »i same field and workshop. ' The question was slppi (Mr. Davis), If they come up and a vote is de- grant, $400,000, to be divided pro rata, ;a'f and 'a'f.tha country Into hostilities with France, has not coade tcendedtoinformoswhatcourse,shortofactualhostiii Preaervethe.ConventionnaturallysingleshimoutastheobjectoftheintroductionofslaveryIntoterritorywheremandeduponthem.Inmyjudgment,Ittobettertoletmen are cow free as tbe wild deer bounding over the the whole matter pass, and let the Charleston Convention Let us now see the amounts which the republican Le- prairie.Heregardedslaveryasanevil.NewJerseyselectasound,goodman,withoutaplatform,anddefeatgislatureintendstotakefromourpocketsonthepleaFrance,aswithallothercountries,toathingabsolutely abolished it early, and then hoped others would; but be- the black republicans—starve them out, aad afford four that we are incapable of controlling our own affairs:— gooi in itself, wholly Irrespective of tbe principles orIWitof fo TIMOI ef V alval he.Ax style, ful ttaurfsa*- Btwrtoca tar Hunt OaatruftautoCAM away aad rate ('«+ Blank eta. th-lra. I Caalrt 1 dsaciiptteand Boat* efat'rite I»b»a. r quvlh; aiBBoara. aoaaiti, rvwa-diniP.ahJJwtll rect nateW•arraytheseasfsuitssimplyprovehtostrength. Theexpression causetheydidnot,Itwasnoreasonheshouldcome 'yearstimetorectifyallpastdifferences. Ittonot,there- BlUNo.1,worth,ior opinion againstDouglas,onthepartoftheultra bereandvillifyandtraducemembersofthelatterStates. fore,becauseIsympathizewiththesquattersovereignty Slavery would have been abolished In many places if tnsre doctrine, but because I deal with things practically, tbat Southern members of Congress, is less important, badnotbeen unwarrantable interference with it. He Ipursuethiscourse;and.IftheSenatorfrom Mississippi,$250,000 policyoftberulersbywhomthosecountriesanybe .600,000 governed. TbetrinerationofSavoytoagreatmtofortuoe, . 26 ',000 from the suspicion and eistrust which it must necetti riiy . 600,000 createtnailtheestablishedgovernmentsofEurope. Ojr . 400,000 government would have beea wanting in its duty sal ttnot eadesvored to prevent this mtofortene from taking $2,000,000 plate. But to maintain that we, who carry oa our trade Onehalfofwhichwillgodirestlyintothepocketsofthe withthefourquartersottoeglobe,withStatesefevery strikers, parasites and others, who live on the shriekers, form, with raters of every character, with settled a a l and the balance Is to be hsld in reserve as a sacred land unsettled, frith autoarase aad democratic States,fordistributingrel'gkmstracts,Ac,on«•tbeHigherlaw," withcountriesofwhichanarchyseesasthenormalcon-v." Irrepressible Conflict," h e , he , including a fall history tins,asmtmptretuketetrtattaart n» sooner mode t*a* ofthesecretcorrespondencebetweenJohnBrownand thevoreper/Wtotaiybroken;tomaintainthatwithFraaw, other leaders of the bUck republican party. Are the* citi- and with France atone, our commeretal relatione shall zens of the commercial metropolis of the Western hemi- furnish the asnmten for expressing moral censure or po- spherepreparedandreadytosubmittothtoIronraleof liticaldistrust,thisto,indeedthemostextravagantidea theseSolonsstAlbany.andsurrendereveryrighttothe whichthewholerealmofparadoxcanfurnishforthAto a vtew of our foreign relations akin to that notven flatteringtothe patriotic reelings ef tbe country white makes £svd Grey anticipate the dangers likely to arS» when the operation of the no* Reform bill thai! confer on> explanatory of the geography of that Territory, when it to remembered that it a the practice ofproceeded to speak ol the Fugitive Slave law, and said can allow the statute of 1860 to remain on the statuteNew Jeisey had had one of her own in force since 1768, book, I think be can let Kansas alone for at least a few and they had regarded it as obligatory on them. They months."I' " 3 ,*' 4, " 6,aad the character and social relations of its people. He appealed to the committee not to interfere with the gov- ernment or people of Utah, bat to take their hands offaad k t them lire m peace. rasABnamoBorKASSASmoranumos.the Southern States not to elect members of Congressdelegates. Thedictationofmembers,therefore,tonot hadnodoubtofitsconstitutionality. InoneunreportedIn round numbers, sayfrom decisions of Circuit Courts to the Supreme Court of the United States.TBB ORSTRTJCTIOItS AT HELLCATS.Mr. ELIOT, (rep) of Mass., introduced a bill for the re-moval of the obstructions at Hellgate, and s bill for theaction of men, many of whom have never set foot onManhattan Bland? We th'uk not. Citizens of New York,your rights of every dcsci ipiion are gradually being wrested from you by your republican teak masters at Albany,aadallwithoutyourconsentorwish. Arewetohavea therepresentativesofamorsextentedconstituencyUM despotism under the republican party with Weed, Seward power of appropriating tbs hardens required for the A Co. as the Czars? The action at Albany looks mash mstatrsnsos ef public credit We believe thatintroduce a bill prohibiting the Chinese coolie trade in American vessels.The Court, ta view of the magnitude of the ease,IofBoltoascounselthatthreehours HethenreferredtoMr.Atherton'sresolutionsoftheThir-(Louisiana),toshow,whenitwasinaTerritorialcondi-taraldiffusionofthesound.TheweightofthebelltotbesiiiiiiMtoatoawasexecutedtothesatisfactionofthei ofBwatonttaw and an Itaiaa merchant rmesiling at givetheSouthamaterialcauseforasecessionmovement, theSenatorfromNewJersey(Mr.TenEyck)hadstated shelterotacommonsecurity.Intheinterestofstavery numerouslyattended—tbeproportionofladiesbeingvery Trie*, toZ»2&?i£ cSteV-£prtooatt*dayThemerequestionofthePresidency,itiscontended, ARAiaa o s TUB n o asA-vpn, to of little importance compared to tbe onsideraiion thattyfifth Congress, declaring that Congress had no right to tion, the penal taws were extended thither for tbe punish 6,000 pounds, and tbe cost about $1,600. white the weight Commissaritat Department, M. Btehter was subsequently makeadistinctiontothepropertyofStatesgoingInto mentofmurder,arson,forgery,sadeveryothercrime. oftheCityHallbellto$1,000ptmnds-Bsaktagavory sjr-1Iappliedto,andatthetimettwasbelievedtbat the Territories; and, concluding, contended that Otis ques- Mr. PRYOR. (dem.) of Va., argued tbat the question of great disparity. It Is claimed that one of these steel bells had reason to be well content with toei arSetas"•WMaatoa by persons interested ta fomentingatlas•rat time tot a mkwiiy la both houses of Congress'whistle him down. .may associate polygamy aad slavery as the "twin reliesOpen aad avowed asssawaadssi sad dtoualoatote would be r, for the evident delkjbtod with sash • position of affairs, which would, dBto* £ 2 2 f i 5 » J * i *? J *P 4 <*• Philosophy of theM. Ricbter WM arrested yesterday au*tt»mooaijw*aa»atoons A tant general' ' " " ° "SPEECH Or MB. WIGFALL.Mr.WiGFiLL (dem.) of Texas said thefairness with which ground and would fall together when drlvea from the Metropolitan Rooms, ta Hester street Tbe aflalr wasA lieutenantm eater the Credit Bank iwuitpnant zenerei WMaimbat the cooler aad ranertlag men, both of the South aad ness of hto convictions, induced him to reply to a rwfrttNorth,arealarmed attheprospect,andwill hesitateere directlyatissue;andifheremovedhtoapprehensionshe was inclined to think ha (Mr. Tea Eyck) would yield, aadgress possesses over the Territories for the punishment of crime sad the suppression ofpolygamy may be per-TBS acmumawM or POLTOAMY or CTAB.ply to Mr. Taylor, that Congress has power over this low and degrading imposture, and that the very first year after the adoption or the federal constitution a law was passed for the punishment of certain crimes, whereverMr. MCCLERNAND, (dem.) of III, (Interrupting) said there was no instance in which Congress attempted to operate directly for the punishment of the crime in or-ing to, to allow these things « to go on. Mr. MILLSON adverted to the gentleman's own State people axe assembled around it, thereby impeding the nationwasneverdentodjastilthedoctrineof"squattersove- constitutionalpowertosustainedbytbsuniformpoBcyof toequaltavolumeofsoundtocompositionbellsone- reignty '' came into Congress. He would maintain hto po- tbe government Congress may supervise and annul the third heavier.bilboCreditBank,andatoowasmejrmss supplied bv the Credit Bank, and atoo _ ^charged foAhem. Alter the arrest of Btronvosi sjyuarten, however,ttWMreportedthattheretadbeenasecretunderstanding between bim and t«ne of the ""•tf**0"-unless some Northsra Slates are carried nextthat reports, the moat raise aad exaggerated, November the democratic party will find itself for th« sition, an1 allow ao petty neighborhood politician to organic law of say Incipient State. The republican partyTaxEUVSSTH R«H«OT Dsca Cosrs.—Ths admirable Drum Corps or the Eleventh regiment, Washington Rifles, gsve a very recAmAe entertainment last evening, at thehto proposition, the apparent calmness and earneat- he repudiated the suggestion that the power which Conarge, and the programme embraced the latefashionable dances. During tbe evening the "before yesterday. The sveate ef the last tew dayshave. produced aaexneedtagjy i » ^ " " E T E l i ^ a B T t o sadtheEmperortoasmtobeextremely4fJ"J?*',"_V? tookteayears oBer than he did when hetoftthat ctty a* Verona tea mouths ago- _ .^ _- « . . ~ » — wTheTtoaaaeorreapendenceofthestoaamaVCststnenasthe fnttowmg:— . . « . neajresteortheaccompsces ^ the unforttaatesaajrRifles Festival March" and the "Babel March" they permit a mere personal hatred to Douglas u force in doing so make 'the greatest sacrifice ewer verted for the destruction of ths rights iud iatoresteor euted In a splendid manner by the Dram Carps,them into a poelUaa where a Northers aada Southern made for hto country. He (Mr. Tea Eyck) persons holding staves. The Territories are the common by RubehV excellent band. jsgasa*^-4msaanw aanfirMSwi•• alessaj^nd m aaasssua^aaaaBimiJMssBaaaawsswbaJBt seemodtopredicatethswholeslaveryagitationupoathe propertyofthepeopleoftheUnitedStates,andtheThe Northern States now represented la the Senate by apprehension that the principles which he now advocates power Congress possesses over them cannot be pervertedAiiEGXD FBAITDS on THE CTBTOM Horm-Hott. Emanuel B. Hart, Surveyor of the Port of Bow York, Balled fordemocrats are Oregon, California, Illinoa, Indiana,>»were endorsed by those who are salted the Fathers of for the benefit of say section repulsive to the justice and the Republic. Be differed from the Senator from Mis- subversive of tbe equality of tbe States.wsissippi(Mr.Brown),notpinninghtofaithtothe«of anybody, neither Calhoun, Jasksoa, Mouse norThose gentleman all differed from themselves at diflWntleriods, and at the same parted differed fromeach other. It was difficult to go bask tor a nae-cedent We must pat everything hi the crucible amy as a matter of religion. He did not, however, prewithcertainfraudswhichtttochargedhavebeen viewoftbenumberofpersonsInculpaaad,ttwilltea.of truth, and there try wasted to draw the Senator'i fathers sever motlnamrt the deffndtog. Beesass Mr.evil, did it follow that he meat had ths right to fate afateat it in thefaotef la 1890 Congress, legislated JeotopenwhatwascalledtheallWhatto, was thatteni to be acquainted with all the polemics of theSaltLake Saints. The results of polygamy were seen in the day afternoon Detectives Elder and McGord arrested a eating wnh the 'wmy durtogthe war.bitier fruits of sedition and crime. This scandalous crime man named Stephen Price, an alleged confidence operator It would be dttocuB to describe the atted^ ^ ^batJefferson denousood that; aad w a s Bthe subs e t , then,edta arreeting Pricei test as he waa about leaving for tbe lam»oneoftheFallRiversteamboats Heto charged with being an alleged fagitrve fromaad Can*'4* *~ **-- »--- - - • -Beers was shot yesterday at \< planofthatfortresstemoc;««r:y a xon ^-uirar to introduce JeffersonUntitled Docuament s authorityrar legislative actiAB in the Territories? He (Mr. Wigfainsad it remains flnrbtotorianThornton Christy, formerly of Frost Royal, r ^ f * " . The ada. Isthelatterplacebetochargedwithhigh- ty,Vs,coaamtttedsstatdsstAJexsndrto, yT^'yuclassification. He dented that they stand on tha samerfound the names of Truman Smith, who hails from Con lant guardian and protectress of tbe mdepenrlencs ofshouldbeyetformed. Thisafternoonittotobeelevated TbeTimeteorrsspoadeatwraesfromViennaMarck. Mr. MILLSONtookissue, referring to legislative history to a position just beneath the City nail bell, where there 10 M follows —asked nothing new. Oh! Senators, how have we fatten!He asked tor no new theory, yet he had been sondemned by republicans and some democrats forit WhatdepthofinfamywastheSouthsink- tion,but— closetotheearth,especiallywhenanimmensecrowdof Richter,tbeprincipaldirectoroftheCreditBank,tepar*''•H°orTts,delegatefromUtah,saidpolygamywasa EuropelastSaturday,ittoalleged,onbastaessconnected oftheBaronEynatteahaveheeneonaaMirom»«,partortheMormonreligiousfaith.Mr. PRTOB replied, he had examined the disgusting andmrtted by English exporters sad America]The private nature of tbe frands will aot be made publicwhich he was ijposad slavery an should be extirpated. B was offensive ta the eyes of andfugrtivs. Itseesasthat Price succeeded in doing a civil as well as military tblasphemous farrago, called the 'Mormon Bible " aad he could notfindtherein aasfoimlitairjy waord reensagstaearag pollyg-Intelligenceto received from the ~ br AN ALLSGBD FrornvB^tereay^ntag. ^ ^ ^ them anengtoeer, were £ * ^ J r o mm ^ ^JJlJJS^oTVteaaathe federal govern nations and a reproach te civil liberty.Mr FTHrwDOB, ( a opp.) or Tenn.,aaid two colored per-Ucburner exaggerates still more. What is tog tatbt^Vscta affai, a that of the twohsveresaovedfrom mona*b*BB8t->»countryman named Homos est of «8$,1 tow says ago,by means of the confidence game, and complaint having What w e r e ^ e sad the lamb shall lie dona together; one contented him- beea made to the above officers, they yesterday succeedIt in the States or *jBta- sons were conversing about the millenium, when the lion.^, Aceordtag to a telegraph* « — • • » » • » * • * " * -ment Itself for the framtag of sash a treaty. (Bsv, hear,; that altered the whole aspect of thecem. Wain 184« aad those or France at toe present dartered away ber name and fame, her political traditms.chasefortheStatealargequantityofcornandflour,ASn ^ t a ^ b t a to brtaT the examtnatton to a ctate.1 tbe public funds, others' * blgh treason, aad etaanen **Bswitotb«KeaftekyandVirginiaresolutions,ascoo abich to MM lamb aa whieh the,aad ta Tsaa with having been victed of doing a party oat of I70C by means of the•ie 6th alt , by taking two asanas supposed to havefjfffjg-whatftised by tks Virginia veport ttTssdld not he wouldKdemocrate sad republicans harmonize en queitioa ol the power ofThomas M. Tryniski3the | tang— to the stimuli fcvty.no matter what hto opintonsthe vexed09 South 4tFulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.comh Street 