 *Mej»la*n* •ml l*t» tbe Mas* at a BaalENTHUSIASM OF THE PEOPLESPiiNOfO .1IUTARY ANDNAVAL DISPLAY.THE DEPAETUBK F O B HALIFAX,aadquadrilles. White hodanced hawasrepeatedly cheered, and he very properly took a new partner when- ever ho stood an to dance.ryT.Lacon:Donegal,101,CaptainHenryBroadhead:Ahonkir, 10, Captain Douglas Cary; Greyhound, 17, CommanderFrancisW.SullivanjConqueror,101,CaptainEd-ward a Sotheby, C.B ; Trafalgar. 80, Captain Edward G .Fanahawa;Centurion,80,CaptainHenryG.Rogers,c.B.; military menthere hytheir proficiency inmilitary Edgar, 91, Captain James ( . Raton; Algiers, 91, Captain•i !3i•:C* •tat lengthpartially realised. Itwasknown_ dayslincethatthePrincewouldstartfromthisport,ac compaawdbyaportionofthechannelfleet,andexpecta-firingbycompanywas Hear rank aadtheir r down the applause}excellent. Their movement on right by file into line w a s admirablyexecuted,anditwaspaid[bymanythatItwas dons better than by the Zouaves.Ontheconclusionoftbeoperationsoftbesecondcom pany the Zouaves again went on t h e field, a a d executed momoftbe movements in tbe firstpartoftheirdrill, but it was evident, from the faultless character of the drill, that, t o a s s a common expression, they "smelt a mice" In the superb performances of the National Guard.I *«i I!ay and gladness. For these fair visitersat isiawaai number of seats were provided on and as the procession advanced, and the interest of the sceneJohn E. Bogert and othtrt. No.\ 1.Jamti H. Taylor m. The Mayor uf Seva York and othen.Spanish claims, but in fast to give Miramon more efficient aid than he received from Admiral Marin's fizzle of aa expedition.Well, admitting that a ll t h e foregoing may come t o pass, what will the United States be prepared to do? Why, your correspondent opinea that the said govern- ment will do just nothing, at usual. Congress has got the President in such a "fix" that he is powerless, and it a admitted one government would hive no right to inter- fere to prevent another lrom exacting payment of moneys due or redress for outrages perpetrated upon its ciizens.The question of the return of Comoni'ort H agitated among the moderados o f both parties; b u t h e a belter where he is, both for his own and bis country's good. His an ival would be but to add fuel to tbe Crc.Froui Cuadalaja/a we know that Miramon h a ? found the liberal army under Ugazon too many for him. and given it up as a bad jab. Meanwhile, poor L'raga lies woui.deu. a n d is treated with great hardship b y h i s tyrannical little oppressor, who refuses not inly to ex- change htm, but allows him nothing but the rations of the*ito the Military Academy, about one mile distant from the hotel. Arriving at the military grounds, the first object of attraction was the encampment of the Cadets, and theirVormation by battalion to proceed to their mess room. The Cadets appeared t o thrive in their canvass homes and bore evidence of a strict course of discipline by their,latum of Taylor and Jirennan t*. Tae Mayor of New York, Miramon. By that time a Spanish and French fleet will have assembled here, under pretence of arrangingN O . 8723.IBWYAICAliMAI8OUT101 (EMENT8OFTHEPRINC?OFWALES.WHOLEMORNING EDITION-FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1860.THE CHICAGOZOUAVES. tbeground,and,undercommandofCaptainShaler,gave a specimen of their discipline by a drill in tbe manual of arms, loading a a d firing at will, by companies and by4Ve., A*»t• • •monies between the Zouaves and the Guard, both compa-nies were marched on board the steamer Taminend, special-after doing full justice to this, they proceeded to the armory of the Second company National Guard, on the corner of University place and Tenth street, where they quartered in their peculiar and aboriginal style fortbe!"'!»"?'""»'"" "" ' ' " W '^-!•••• > •»/'.i|,<jf—t.iu TM— . — . JUJ T»,tT •J .it J. «ip, i, •=iheDehe o f MaweasUa, iPRICE TWO CENTS.FROMvntonriA. '•••'•^^^^m^^vv^'w'wEnelteaaeat Caased b y th e "lrra-theconslsttagofthaflagshipRoyal Albert,in, CaptainHoa- tional Gnaid-R«tarn to the City— Theiradvanceinline of bai their flanking move- ConsiderableexcitementprevailstaOceaqnan Virginia,m blue, wit* a hangs, M iwore ato full uniform. 11MPriaee danoed six timaes du-whole, among thecompany wasnotvary good. The Princevaryaffablyandgoodaaturedlycorrected someofPriac*of Wales toPlymouth, m routeforCanada, have the Sccoacbyaimwasnotsogood, batt River to infinitelybetter. Thefiringby•FF10AL UOPTIM AT If. J H U the blundering dances, aad every now and than sailed tion reached its highest point yesterday (Monday).present, including, Zouaves.ProbablesixteenmilesfromAlexandria,laooansquenmofanat- temptbeingmadetodemolishalibertypais,erectedby the republicans, upon which ia daily i t a j a j i f a Sag hearing the names e f Lincoln s a d Hamlin. (aaaanaa a the residence of Mr. Underwood, who was driven out ef Virginia in 1856 fbr attending tha National Convention that nominated Fremont. He was a delegate to Chicago, and, it la mid, at sustained ta hia course a t homeoat tha different figures o f t h a dance. H o a himself avary graceful a n d accomplished dancer , a s b e fully dMJPriMctoikeprovedinthewayhawhirledthroughwaltzes,polkasVice Admiral Sir Charles Fremantie's channel squadron,of course, their friendly rivmeatsandbreakinglate coluw buy tprlamtowon.s,,werne-•a»ls>oWsamanma, July as, latJ.worthy hearta. T h a anhtemea w h o ataandadhis Royal Highness did not mingle in the fas-Tbe opinion was expressed by many on tbe ground thatgarter. The central medallion Is larger, and Is enclosedano,of ametyoneguns, tod the Ariadneenteredthenar• in ft wreath formed of too roas, thistle and shamrock, by a royal salute from the Ariadne, whose yards wereMr shortly after, amid the ringing of belli, the thunder ifcauoaaad the moat lusty cheering of thousands ofand surmounted hy the coronet and plumes of Wales, themanned. The salute was repeated by the citadel, and soon afterwards the steamer, bearing the Town Council of Devonport, from Mount Wise, steamed alongside the Vic- toriaand Albert Theboom of the guns impartedthe knowledge o f t h e Prince's arrival t o every part o f t h e three towns, and in a very short time the throng o n t h e Hoe was increased to many thousands, eagerly expectingAdditional fromOUR VBkA CRUZ CORRESPONDENCE.jjtjlrttyal iahabitaats of Newfoundland. The harbor itself sp- asm to be landlocked in the bold promontories on either Mia, It-is rather narrow, so that but one vessel can en- ter at * the*. T h e city o f 8k. Johns was crowded withThe wharTas were all crowded by the curious and•1 milt, and the bouses and public buddings were taate-stee 1 chain accompanies it.This has been a very fine, bright and balmy day. A tno movement was made either by the fleet or the Queen's yacht, which was moored at a short distance inside the breakwater.•right and clear, and the sun once more shone out with jvigorating beams.AfterState Military Association, formerly o f t h e Governor'sunfortunate liegeman'smotto, "ic* ZHen," appearing under the coronet. medallion ia the Inscription:—In thisMexico.Vmu Cans, Jaly 5, IMa."Presented to his Royal Highness the from the Inhabitants of Newfoundland.''o fWales,Newcastle,who Taa Departure of the Prince of WsUesrag the evmiag, and remained wtth thee company ountil [Trom the Plymouth (Kng ) News, July 10.)half-past two o'clock this morning. The dancing, on tha iJ^^Z^a c **t t **^t h r , f*r t »0 tkovndtof tha Their Rttarn to•tea. The manual of arms was executed ia a manner fully equal to that of the Zouaves. Tbe BrineThe un-G.N.D.(VCallaghan;Mersey, 40,Captain Henry Cald well, OB.; and Diadem, 32. Captain James H. Cockburn. under canvass only, with a smart breeze a little to t h etactics,returnedtothiscityatsixo'clockyesterdaymorn' lag in the steam palace Connecticut, Cnpt Wilcox, of the Norwich and Worcester line As soon as the Connecticut hove in sight a national salute was fired from two brassThe people everywhere are greatly delighted.pretending and genial apposition of tha young Princehas gained him the affection of many true and southward of east, hove in sight from Mount Wise attiv;ties of tie dance. The ball was closed at thtee o'clock hove in sight at seven o'clock, and the Signal guns werePrinceThe weight of the collar ia forty-five ounces, and a fine some further demonstration, but after waiting some timeNecestily for Intervention—The Sham Peaoe Project—Gtn. Uomonfort—Miramon'tTreatment ef Uraoa—O.leoranW* of the tburtk in Vera Cms, etc., d cSince my last letter we are without any very stirringevent in connection with t b e politics o f this country.the echoes of the guns were yet playing amongst t h e dis- wharf was thoroughly blockaded by a dense crowd, who tant hills, the Victoria and Albert picked up her mooringsNew Yorkwill no more win than the dodge tried on during the siege of last March. The game ia manifestly to gain one o f s e - veral points. 1 s t . To pretend to tbe rest of the world thatcheered incessantly. The soldiers rthe Newfoundland Com- sat therefore carried out. A s the hour approached for pany were drawn up in line ins: iof the wharf, and thead excitement of the populace grew apace. The crowd to the splendid deck saloon, where his Royal Highness the ambled and trebled in point of numbers, and the utmost lie were soon appropriated by pel ladies, who took the ut- Prince of Wales was in waiting, attended by the Duke ofThe programme for the landing o f his Royal Highnessu departure (rem tha deck of tha Heso, the enthusiasm volunteers occupied a prominent/, sitiou outside. The nu-merousseatsprovidedfortheaccommodationofthepub cededbythetownmace,bornebySergeantHicks,walkedthe truth, for war is their bread and butter. 2d. If peace must prevail in some shape or form, religious libertv wdl notenterintotbeprogramme. True,thechurchproperty might be secularised, b u t t h e rascals know they would have the spending of it, and that after selling most of it, and fattening on its proceeds, they would still be able— re- taining exclusive spiritual power—to g e t up a mean, de- clare all sales of the sacred property illegal, aad so g e t i tsaxiety was on all hands exhibited to oaten a glimpse atmost Interest in the proceedings, the government officials,Newcastle. Secretary of State for the Colonies, Gen. Bruce,Major Teesdale and Cnpt. Grey. All the members of the the sword the scabbard resumes its full length, and thentat young SOD* and representative o f England's Queen, the Judges, Justices a n d t h e Attorney General, most of itlastthe reverberations of cannon,thunderingfrom thelatterofwhomwere dressedinfull officialcostume,corporation having entered, and the Mayor and Recorder, appears as finished as the old style. It is stated that thewiththeTownClerk,supportedbythemoverandsecond- Frenchgovernmenthaveorderedtwentythousandofthis Tha West Washington Market Case— backagain. 3d.Atleast,iftheycandeludeourlittleold1st saips-of-war and echoing along tha shore, gave tidingsefthe approach of the scion of royalty. The Queen'sstart was crammed with beautiful a n d fashionably -at-tjed ladies, w h o waved their spotless handkerchiefsisd indulged in tha warmest | expressions ofwith flowing robes and wigs.The whole of the housetops in the vicinity, and themasts and yards of vessels in the harbor, were covered with ptople. The harbor w as filled with small craft dressed in rainbow colors, sjiorting merrily about in the tranquil waters of the bay. The bells chimed sweetlyer of the address, Mr. Alderman Ryder, and Mr. R. B. Oram, being near his Royal Highness, the Recorder read the following:—T o HIM RoY ai.WALKS, &C.—May it please your Royal Highness—We, the Mayor,Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Devonport, beg leave to approach your Royal Higness tor the purpose ot expressing our respectful attachment to your royal per-pattern of sabresCapt. Shaler returned thanks for the gift in a few approprtate remarks.As the steamer passed the steamship Great Eastern herspeed was lessened, so as to allow the Zouaves to get a full view of the beautiful proportions and symmetrical outline of this monster ship.The weather being very pleasant the trip was commenc- ed under] very favorable {auspices, a n d this fact w a s•Judgments Opened. SUPREME COURT—SPECIAL TERM.Before Hon. Judge Ingrahara. JILT26.—IkePeopleofthe.State4/A'ewYorkaithereIndian President into negotiations, they will gam lime, and have until late in autumn to prepare for another a t - tempt upon this city; as an earnest of which, the priests of l*uet)la are manufacturing 1,500 bombshells, aa a pre- sent to that "youngest son of toe church," the championirsoad every available point of tha Queen's wharf. T h e ciocs Queen, as whose representative your Royal High- the docks in the North river the steamers and ferry boats regulations were, notwithstanding, v*ry strict, for no horseback, followed by the various societies in the order ness is about to proceed on an expedition of the greatest sounded •their wistles, rang their bells, and displayedJam'.- H. Taylor and Oioen rF. llrennan W . The Mayor and CommonaUy of New York. \ No. 3.These were separate motions to set aside judgment, Messrs. Noyce and McKeon appearing for the Comptroller;hdy (even the beat dressed) could be admitted without » formal ticket, signed and countersigned in official fashion. The coap dahl was very brilliant. T h e steps tad [nawgia to the streets were draped with crimson baize, and roses without number hung pendant from the trees. The main entrance to the street led through a vrrath or arch of evergreens, artistically worked with the arms of England aad the cypher of; the Prince. T o e word " Welcome" spartied brightly ia tha centre, eachgiven —The I nion Engine and Axe FlroCompanies.The North British and Highland Societies. The Charitable Irish Society.The St. George's Society.The Carpenters' Charitable Society.The African Society.The dons of Temperance.The Halifax Catholic Total Abstinence Society. The Volunteer Artillery aud Ritje comianie*.Her Majtsty's forces.The Masonic body, at their owh request were stationnational interest.Remembering that this and the adjoining county have produced o u r greatest colon Using names: a n d that t o Raleigh, Drake, Gilbert and their companions, Norththeir colors. Here and there, on the ends of the piers, were groups of excursionists waiting for their favorite boats to come along prior to a day s pleasure away from the business of the city. These, too, were very enthusitie leading streets. Long lines of soldiery, in the gtitter- i| uniform peculiar to the British army, were on guard c -very public avenue T h e Newfoundland companiesand the volunteer ride corps were prominent among t h e military. The excitement was everywhere intense. Posters with the speeches of the Prince and pariiculars of the otli- caal programme were located on every wall. The Prince was rweived by Governor Bauaennan immediately after bus landing, and aborJy after the procesaou of the different uaocatois and llasonic a n d trade Benevolent societies marched on to Government House, Ithe Prince's head- quarters, as a kind of special escort. sTbe Prince's suite mm of course the guests of the Governor. These are theKarl of 3t Germain, the Duke of Newcastle, General Brucearch was erected by them. of your Itoyai Highness's dlastrious grandfather. As theThe Prince was received by his Excellency the Lieute- result of this observation, the Duke of Kent, in 1S14, allor<le<! the high sauction of his approbation ti>those pre-nant Governor, the Major General commanding the liminary measures which have since resilt-nl in a perfectllie motions, said the Judge, came before me iu atwo-fol i aspect. The Comptroller^ under the act of lg59. common soidier. Indeed, but for Woll, he (Uraga) would moves tii set a.-ide thej proceedings opon the allegations of l.a\ e boin shot, all mutilated though he was, and with a supposed collusion ih ootahiipg the judgments. The lull consciousness, too, on tbe part of the little assassin,cieties. Tha citisens of St. Johns ami Harbor Grace alsopresented loyal addresses, to whkb tie Prince repliedas fully into the general interest of kheoccasion. This nobleShortly before twelve o'clock the steamer Alida, with a large body of excursionists on board, bound for West Point, and which left New York one hour and a half after7. Tbe order will also direct an accounting by the plaintin- of tbe moneys received fron the land since they havehad the possession before John J. Hoffman, Ksq..a refereeappointed therefor, ana that the amount found to havebeen so received, after deducting the expenses of collec- and the diligence with which they work to fortify it istroops, the Chler Justice and Judges, the President a n d members of the legislative Council, th e Speaker and member! of the House of Assembly, the Mayor aud Cor poriition, t h e Oustos a n d High Sheriff, the heads o f d e partwenti. and the members of the Executive Managing Committee.His Royal Highness rode slowly along, and the various tra'.'pro. essions followed him ipto the enclosure, precuion o f t h e Canadian provinces, and the establishment ol responsible go\ernmet t in the colony.coousel fur the' Corporation joins In the application on bebail oftneicrty. aLd asks that the motion be granted.The Judge concludes by saying :-*>that the murder would be immediately retaliated upon IJI Vega an! all other prisoners in the rxssessioa of the liberals. This, perhaps, is about th e only vwtuous a c t Woli has ever done—at least, that history mentions. Such is civil war.follows—1siacerely thank you Tor the addresses presented to me,aad for the hearty welcome received from all on my land-ing on the shores of this, the earnest [colonial possessionuf the British crown I trust you will not think m e regardkas of your zealous loyalty, if ! acknowledgetb«"«e addresses collectively. U will alford me the greatest England's "fatthful ally." On Stepping on to the deck DEADLY ASSACXT—PERHAPS FATAL RESULT.—At a late Point at noon, and was greeted on arrival there by up-vessel was gayly decorated with flags and streamers, and all the yards were manned in honor of the Prince, who was pulled alongside ot the Hero in his barge, pat .s ng nearly under the bows of the steamer ofsign, 156 William street. Brennau confessed to discing of it to a junk dealer, named Joha 1-evy, of No. 37 Frank- tort street, for S3. I*vy was therefore arrested on a charge of receiving stolen goods, and Justice Welsh locked up both the accused for trial.there was a mutual exchange of courtesies between the steamers by ringing bells, blowing whistles, aud the waving of handkerchiefs by the passengers.event of the first action, unless the plaintiff, within thirtydays after the confirmation of the report, give a bond withsufficient sureties, to be approved of by a Justice of thisCourt, on notice to the Corporation Counsel to refund ei-ther the whole of such moneys, if they shall fail to recover judgment in the first actiorj, or a proportional amountif they shall recover less than the recovery before Mr. conservatives. The Diario de Antot a disgusted withor the Hero the Prince turned round, gracefully bowed,wards of one thousand persons, the greater portion of whom were ladies. Without much ceremony the milita rv disembarked, andmarchedup thesteep hillattheJustice Potter in September las}. ThecostsIntbefirstaction ouboth sides mustabidegenerally resemhUng his mother at al >ut the time o f h e rc©MB*ijoB. He has rather large han< s and feet, a very is about medium height, and of fair complexion, with took into custody a young German named Charles GomllHMAKKABl.E SOLAK PHiENOMENON.—Mj. W . C. jara with*,hisJ11.000 men and 63 pieces. Castillo has Burder. of Clifton, says that on Monday last, June 25, a t l.oottandTsonftoad men in the town, and 30 pieces. A t5 10 P. M.. local mean time, tw o bright mock suns were tbatfiate (28tarMacabeus (Miramon) was in Ingos withvisible, both of them being unusually brilliant, butthe 1£00 mensand Jijrpiecee of artillery, on the followinghended about 50 or 90 degrees of arc. Touching this From San Luis two brigades may set out atbrowu hair, and particularly brilliant hazel eyes. H shas ninch about the formation 4nd character of his face,a»u part.culariy m its prevailing expression which re-harsh tone of voice. His ordinary costume is that ol a minds ne of his august mother, His manner was easy portion of the stolen property was found upon him, hecojonel of the British army As I said before, the citizens and sell stressed, even under the somewhat trying dr- was locked up for examination by Justice Brennau. camstances t o a person o f h i sags, standing in front o ffiraosin] m h ia movements, unoslai t.ous a a d affable. Hetalks a good deal, and is rather a toud and somewhatarecharmedanddelightadwithhisrtoyal Highness. At somethirtyorfertystrangemen,tohearanaddressreadNews from Hike's Peak.ST. LOWS, July 26. 1860.l>enverCity dates to the 2Hth of June are drought by express this evening.one on the north side of the sun exceeding its companioninthisparticular. Thetwortaocksuns,weresituateontwo opposite points of a solar halo of the usual diameteriabout 45 degreesj, and their altitude was the same.asthat of the sun. The halo was! uotwaperfect one:, indeed, It.is>probable that this uivaion may attack Macabeus, far from u,'bjeing in three segments, two of them occu- thu&fuduig the forces operating on Guadalajara. Tbe oc- pying tbe neighborhood of tin: mutt suns, and the third casion is opportune, and the probabilities uf a triumph being at th e summit of the kircle. This part compre- are very .great.u* termination of the levee the Priftce, dressed m plain ctothing, rode through the city on ta>rseback, and alto itetber unatiendad. He is oartatnly « vary goad riderby one of them dressed in a black gown and grey wig. In the process of this reading a stray aad evidently irre >-tv»sib;r smile ;«ssed like a veiy slight flash of sunshine oter his face, but his emotions were so well under con- trol that this could only be discovered oy the close ob server, (.mconcluding th e address, the Prince received1 mWedBasday a splendid regattaf took place on LakeFrom Mountain City we learn tha^tock Island mill is <*usvr)di, near tha ally. There weri ten boat raoes. the it from the Recorder. and handed it to the Duke of New in operation, and everything workingninely. in a nin of pnsm ranging from torty to tweaij five dollare. The castle, who handed to the Prince a copy of the repiy, two days they took out $3,000. The mill s located at Pram was prasant, and staid shout an hoar. After par- which his Royal Highness read with marked.distinctness Gregory's Point, other mills are making improvementswithin the drill ground. The Zouaves, under t h e c o mmand of Colonel Ellsworth—and not wishing to inflict on portion of the halo was a segment >>f another circle of a any moment, which, in combination with thoseand graceful emphasis, in a light baritone voice.TBIPRINCEINTBIBALLBOOM—BISDgPARTlKS POReBAUVAX—ENTHUSIASM AKOKv THE PEOPLE,* grasd sute dinner took t^nee at| eight o'clock in the The ball last uight was a brilliant affair Over a thou taming water therefrom. The ditch will not be able to whether the Zouaves acting with larger numbers would">ktag «f an eioetlent collation, he ro-le le surely tretsd the lake a n d into t h e country. T h e crowd o »lkwhich will eventually get them In successrur*bp» rationsome time, but patience will b e necessary to" obtain therequisiteexpensestosavethegoldinWftiostallcases".in which they marched by tlank and on rightbv file into line, matching a t companies front, a n d halo. Again, passing through (the centre o r tbe circle, of murMnews.vuidavorabMgto^iramon, was circulated* ecention w a s immense. There; were thousands o f>-*« present, who joined heartily in| chaeriag wheaeve- ETC.**•rrtansappeared. :*».Jons.NJF.,July26—Evening.marchingbyplatoons. Itisneedlesstosaythattheyex-whichthislastnamedwaslasegment,wasabeautiful TneWstartajdMvtax.ofthecapital,publishedthefol- prismatic a r c o f a third cirtle, about 50 or 80 degrees i"wigg*oa*heMlme day that the retreat o f Miramon from of its circumference beteg visible, of smaller sayuieVas officially announced—"By a letter written radius. The colors of this segment were far from Morelia. dateo tbe 82d, a trustworthy pasmi as- more vivid than those of;iheothers,verymuchre scredtsjihayunthe16thGeneralMiramonopenedfireoo i-embliug those of an ordinary rainbow, a vivid the foTces under Ugason. who were fortified on the aide of,*««iag,al which were present thf local om-ialsand*•»r>ass'ssuite. A aumber of b|»fandummportani *P«shai wars here dalivared.rose color earning thf chief difierence. It is almost cer-tainthat thetwoIsst-named segmentsofcircles wereconcentric- ifso,thecentrewas notfar tromthetenilh(a slight calculation will snow bow far), assuming the di together with s multitude of prisoners, and the < ameterofwishalotoequal46degrees.Anobserver woundedwhoremainedonthef'bad barely lime to stake a note of the above psrticiilars, El Prooreto of tbe Tib says that while Miramon was m whenthereappeared(atleastitwasthenfirstobserved) Saynlahe imposedsforcedloaneftenthousand dollars attached to the mock sun on the north side a thin stream on the Spanish ef Arch anaof white light, tapering to n point at the extremalv mar- furthest from the mock sun end extending two or three der to compeldegrees from it, on i a northern side. It increased tn however, escaped. Tanangth rapidly while I was observing it, lis position being took everything that ef aaynearly parallel to the horiroo. but dipping about one de- to their barracks, lodgings, ac, or selling than sehmd greeatthelowestpoint This mayhavebeena portion the counterta anywhowould bay. Theytookfrom ofalargecircle, thecentre ofwhich wasseartbeas- other boasts iatheplace anything theywanted,aad aith. a i 6 M P.M. this stream of light bad extended Miramon himartf look a fancy to abeyond the N. E. aauaath. There remains yet one other once appropriated. When remfactunotta*. OBthis line <rf light, unmistakably con- of her Most Catholic Majesty wi!*••»partitas,rnptwsantmgatant,vjnseractad,aaddec© i flags, sanaala and ribhoni, dome also here aad there aJahsrsi 1. tVs ship Hera aad of tha various ,and greatty oontrlbutad la thaTha wholecitywasagain Aanawan{eractadlathagrand Thai wan canaptai with.of ska Prtan of Wales,tha tha aantata motto '-J* «sn'ofThePrinceMACereruaent Houseatteno'clock this consolidatedditch. MiningontheBlueisnowInfulltidemorning, and, after a ride round the town, embarked of operation. Some claims are said t o pay from $60 t o formation something remarkable. Their changing fromfurnish all the water requisite for those mines. sandpersonswerepresent. ThePrince,whoisagrace AnothercompanyhasbeenorganissedcalledtheOswego fuldancer,dancednearlyall theevening,aad left ata Compauv, comprising men of enterprise and amplehe so perfect or effective. He said, also, there werese- veralradical deviationsfrom tactics which, thoughnot soapparentinasmallbody,wouldmakeanessential dif-Canaan,Great Zapotlan, and that on tbe l»th that chiefentrance o f t h e royal yacht in the Sound was announced'»"BilBPPWTHE p W YORK HERALD.pressed themselves greatly pleased at the cordial and George, Emerald and Ariadne, in the Sound,were manned, with white pants. The Guard numbered twentyftlos(40 on board and partaken of with a zest, and the partyof Oocaqnan held a meeting oa Monday night, and re- solved to fortify and defend their liberty pole and flag a t all hazards. They sent to Alexandria anl this city for ammunition, and notified Governor Letcher of all the facts In the case, and Informed htm If be did not protect them they should do it themselves He despatched a messenger but night stating that they should b e pro- tected, and ordered General Hatton to call oat his c im-affectionate reception accorded them.The Prince h a s been presented with a splended New-foundland dog, with a collar costing three hundred dol- lars. The collar has been manufactured by Tiffany &Co., of New York, and is a heavy skiver collar, two Inchesand the three last named and the Plymouth Citadel reached New York about eleven o'clock. Formingin saluted. A t half past eight, when t h e Prince left t h e men), four sergeants a a d three commissioned officers. line they marched up Broadway t o t b e Infarge, whereyacht to join the Hero, the Emerald and the citadel re- peated the compliment.Errseven o'clock many hundreds of persons had assem- bled on the Hoe, as well as on the ramparts of theAfter the exchange of the usual military reception cere- Wheeler had prepared one of his elegant suppers; andSffClAL REPORT T O T H B JNEW YORK wide. On the upper part are three oval medallions, the citadel. A surprising array o f telescopes a n d opera ly chartered for the occasion t o convey the Zouaves and night.HERALD.St. J o n , N. F., July M.lSoO.glasses were called into requisition. The Sound presented their hosts to West Point. At seven o'clock the hawserstMroyalsquadronconvoyingthe PrinceofWalesand Mattendants wassignalled trom theplaceatsevenone on the right being supported b y the lion couchant,and oonteinmg the arms of England within tha garter, onwhichisinscribedthenationalmotto,"/font'witquima!a most animated appearance—innumerable boats, yachts, and vessels crowded with expectant sight-sears covered the expanse of water, which was as smooth as an inland lake. Themenofwar were dressed with flags from stem tostern. Somedistanceoutside thebreakwaterwere cast off from th e dock, and the little steamer was soon in motion up the'North river, amid the cheers of the spectatorsonthedockanttheenliveningmusicoftheNa-DEPAKTCKE OF THE 7.0VAVE?Ssvx<rra Rneuoat N. Y. STATS TROOPS.SBCOHD NATI03UI. Gt'AKli, NEWYORK,July27,1S«0} mand, whereupon Hatton resigned. Sixty republicans sweartodiebeforetheysurrendertheirlibertypoleaadypom." The,one ontheleftissupportedbytheuni-tUKM. on Monday eventng The paatsgt commotion was corn, and contains the royal escutcheon within a similar was seen the Channel Fleet, with mils all set, and lighted tional Guard Band, which accompanied the excursionists.sl-SOAl,ORDER.This company will parade a t three o'clock P. M. thisday, in full uniform, while pants (without knapsacks), for t h e purpose o f escorting t h e United States Zouave Cadet* on their departure for Philadelphia. Ail parading members arc expected to report at the armory promptly at the hour designated. By order ofALEXANDER SHALER, Captain. MtFARLAXE,Orderly, iAm Affirny/ »t thb St. Nicholas Hotel—A Plilla.deIplilan Stabbed.About nine o'clock last evening the St. Nicholas Hotel was the scene of an unfortunate affray, which in all pro-flag. The military of Alexandria are expecting orders t o march tonight t o Occaquan. W e have n o news from there o f to-day's doings.it wee observable among aU clastea. The noble shipup by the setting sun. A t t e n minutes after seven theIn addition to the Zouaves, there was a boat o f other in - vited guests, including the following named, principally officers or ex-officers of the First Division New York State Militia:—Col. Marshall Lefferts, Major Pond; Captains Munroe, Speaigbt, Burrel a n d Price; Lieutenants Morisrty, C T. McClenachan; Commissary William Patten, of the Se venth regiment; ex Col. Ouryee, late of the Seventh regi ment. Col. Butterfleld, of the Twelfth regiment; Col. J. a Cocks, late of the Twelfth; Col. J. C. Pinckney; CaptainsaUy decorated with flags, banners and dazzling trana- ten o'clock this morning i t w a s reported that the Prince The naval and military authorities of the port and g a r Murphy and Frank, o f the Sixth regiment; Lieut. Col. bability may prove fhta). It seems that two men named The ministers of the central despotism pursue their bloodyareecie*. The public buildings ware particularly fine to would soon after leave Goverament House, on bis way to rison were afloat before the royal yacht hove in sight,the steam tender Avon having been pat Into requisition B* sight, glowmg in the midst of she most beautiful the Hero, and consequently a crowd collected to glance at for that purpose. The military department was well re-Smith a n d Cnpt. Morgan, o f the Thirteenth regiment; Adjutant Blauvelt and Cnpt. Burtis, Of the Eighth regi-work, ruthlessly sacrificing prisoners o f war and all in - terests which do not comport with their own, whilst o a the other hand the liberals continue to pursue their mas- terly inactivity. At the present progress this war might continue for one hundred years without any very decided success on either side, and there would still be inhabi- tants and fresh victims in the country—somewhere. H u - manity cries aloud fbr intervention of some sort from one source or another. When shall we see It?I *inttpooed. The dark and dripping cloudst however, soon enthusiastic cheers, which were repeated again and again « Beared up their gloomy faces, and although it rained along the whole route. It soon became known that the eeav.ly in tha morning, at noon that heavens became Prince was going to embark on the Hero, and the excite- ment of the people was therefore speedily redoubled. ThaJames Hyer a n d Alexander Purple, both belonging inPhiladelphia, m et in a segar store on Broadway oniutiaations. Tha lofty position of the city, which is the fortunate youth. The Government House is a large, presented by the commander-in chief of the district, Ma- lain upon a hill, added to the grandeur of solid and compact building, in the rear of tha city, sur- jor General Hutchinson, and his brilliant staff; and Admi- as scene Tha Illumination w as indeed a splendid rounded by arches, sad at present almost altogether ral Sir Thomas Pasley discharged the duties of Navalment; Col. Homer Bostwick, of the Eleventh regiment; Wednesday, where they got into a dispute, but by the in- Lieut Col. Martin, lata of the Seventy-first regiment; terference of other parties they were prevented fromLieut. Dunham, o f t h e Seventy-first regiment; Major doing each other any bodily harm.Halleck and Lieut. K. L. Stone, of the Ninth regiment; About the above hour last evening, however, they Corporal Kemp and a number of veterans of the National again met in tbe barroom of the St. Nicholas, when theyCommander-in-Chief. Immediately after the royal yacht anir. Happily tha weather was very propitious, drowned in evergreens and flowers. The report hovetotheseofficerswentonboard.m Tuesday morning broke tn with heavy and inunda- proved to be very correct: for at about half- lb pursuance of the announcement made in yesterday'stes rain. Tha disembarkation of the prince, which was past tan o'clock the Prince appeared, followed paper, the Town Council of Devonport presented an ad- Guard. renewed their dispute with great vigor, and tbelr exciteddresstohisRoyalHghness. Theparty embarked from Anexcellentbreakfast,underthedirectionofGustavus talksoondrewalarge number around. Finally Purple ahavetakesplacelathemorning,badthereforetobe byhatsuite,sadwassalutedwith loadand theQueen'sstairsinbargesplacedattheirdisposalhy Ratz,oftheFirstcompany,NationalGuard,wasserved raisedhiscanetostrikeHyerovertbehead,whenHyerKxcarsionWest Point-Kxklbition Drills by the obliquefiringwassogoadasto Z o n s v t i a a d t h e gscomtl C o m p a n y . N a - of all the military men aadVp tkteHadsoaUtpnrtnre fbrPhiladelphia.Ac.The Chicago Zouaves, who, since their visit to this city,have paid the city o f Boston a visit, and astonished herhalf past eight o'clock in t h e morning, in two lines. Inthe afternoon the squadron formed two linos, ranging field pieces furnished for the occasion. The Zouaves a few weeks' preparation on the;pariof the tatter would by about three hundred men. It a reported hereabout north anl south, to receive the royal yacht, whichontheirarrivalwerereceivedbytheSecondcompany(B), renderthemfollyequal,Ifnotsuperior,to theZouaves. thattbemoblaheadedbythecaptainof amilitarycom- The drill occupied about three hours andthis morning; but before leaving the Prince aad suite ex- fired agreeably to arrangement. On rounding the west National Guard, Cnpt. Alexander Shaler, who were drawn a half, alter which the itroops embarked on pany, who has resigned his office, and that General Hat- endofthebreakwater,theyardarmsoftheHero,St uponthesteamboatpierInmilitaryoraer,infulluniform, the Taminend for home. Supper was provided tonconsentedtoletthemhavearms. Therepublicansthe Admiral, and were conveyed, to the steam tender up on board the Taminend at half-past eight o'clock, pulled out a bowie knife and stabbed his Zephyr, in the stream, and having gone on board that opponent in the back directly under the left shoul vessel, she was soon under steam with her bow towards which was, of course, acceptable to the hosts and their der. So quick did Hyer draw the dirk the breakwater. On the yacht coming Into the Sound a guestB.royal salute was fired from the ships at anchor, and whileA PRESENTATION CEREMONY. breakfast Colonel H. S. Lansing, o f theaffair. T h e wounded man was drug store, where h i s woundssoon onjboard the Victoria and Albert. The Mayor, pre-HH;K.\£SMALBERTEDWARD,PRIXCSo revery moment became greater. T h e Prince appeared ou son, and our feelings of devoted loyalty t o our most gra- fully appreciated by all. As the Taminend steamed past No. 2.America was indebted for the first attempt to colonise astic in their cheers, and especially when any of the Messrs. Bronssn, Anderson and Dean for the Corporation;her territory with British subjects; and, looking back with pride and interest to the many important colonial expeditions that have sailed from hence, it cannot but be a source o f increased gratification now t o find that t h e latest, and certainly by no means the least important ofthem all, as now to depart from our shores.It is just a century since that the Oauadas, after a longand bloody strugg'e, became an integral part oftheMessrs. Piatt and Edjnonds f t Taylor and Brennan, and Mr. Evarts for the people.This morning the Judge delivered a very long opinion in writing in: this important controversy, in which h e recites all the facts and the proceedings before Judge Roosevelt, a n d t h e Incidents o f t h e trial before Judge Potter, and the arguments of cqifnsel before himself, and1arrives at the following as conclusions of law —starlet breechei Zouaves came within their view.On board the boat the time was passed very agreeably, the i^ecc ml company did all in their power to make the trip up the noble Hudson pleasant, agreeable aud instruct- ive. Some of the Hoards formed themselves into siuging clubs and jierforrned many of the popular melodies of the day; others insisted en cheering t h e Zouaves, from thecaptain down to the privates, by a variety ol means, firsts by t h e Richmond cheer , b y clapping their hands tnree times and eudfpg by the sonorous b-oo-oh. then they sounded t h e Baltimore o r skyrocket cheer, commencing with a hisb—e e ee, bung, o o-o-o o, and finally t h e Zouavo cheer: one—two—three—four— five—B:X—seven—tiger-r, Zouave. The chiering club passed around ihe boat hi th.s manner, creating no little merriment while enjoyiag this sort of tun But little time was allowed the Zouaves for amusement. As soon as their breakfasts were well settled, they were ordered by tb»ir commandant to whiten their belts, clean their muskets, repack their knapsacks and roll blankets. Col. Ellsworth su periutending the modut operaruli in person. The saloon of the steamer was the place in which all this took place, ami t was commendable to tne already good repuutiou oi the Zouaves, by the promptness with which they obeyed ihe commandant a n d t h e mecbanicality o f their execu-ceded »>y a great band of school children, dressedin white gurmeats. All the vessels in the harbor wise measures which have from tune to time been sanc- worth inspected the knapsacks and examined minutely the to the Corporation, so"far as relates to them. men of war Savannah, Brooklyn, and storeship Supply,tioned by her Majesty for the improvement of our colo- manner iu which the scarlet blankets of the soldiers were 3. Directing the order of Mr Justice Roosevelt, or 13th are here. Health of officers and men good. That gallant were covered with Mags anil presented a very nial institutions, we feel assure1of the especial satisfac- rolled. After examining one or two which did not meet ol July, to be carried into effecf, excepting as to there old salt, Captain Farragut, of tbe Brooklyn, has beenbeautiful appearance. The Prince passed along the tion that must result from the expedition of your Royal his approval, he at last exclaimed, •' Phillips, bring your cciver. quite sick, but is uow up and weli again.totter naming forth like so many golden stars. Trium-ftel arches in unlimited profusion weri scattered through ed immediately in front of the Masonic Hall, where an this tine country came under the particular observationQueen's dominions: and it is about fifty years ago thatThevisit of your Royal Highness, aid therenewedam.ranee it conveys ol the eaduriug interest felt by herm<*l gracious Majesty in ail that concerns her mightyempire, must, under the circumstances to which w<- hiveventnr- d to allude, be productive of unalloyed pleasureto every-mbiect o f t h e ci-'.wn on either side o f the At-lantic, but when it is remembered that her Maiesty hasgra< iocsly deputed your iloyal Highness to inaugurate awork not"iess remarkable for its great engineering merits,than as a proof of advancing prosperity, traceable to the tion. After these preparatory arrangements, Col. Ells of the 15th of February, 1859, discontinuing the action as The health of the place is good. The United Statesand Dr. Auckland. These gentlemen pined with the Go- whole' length of the process on. then, uncovering Highness. knapsack here, as a specimen brick for the /. mavesto 4. Directing tbe pia|ntif)'s to refund and |»ay over to thevernor. Besides the gentlemen ol the!Prince's suite who vie earnestly pray that your lloyal Highness may be copy after." Phillips soon turned up, and hiskuipsaek, Mayor. Aldermen and Commobalty of the city of Newhis head, took leave of lady Bannerman and the completed arranged, was placed iu a prominent place York the moneys received by them from the'receiver, NEWSPAPER ACCOTNTS.save accompanied him from Great Britain, the following ollicials, and stepped into th e barge in waiting for favored with a speedy and safe voyage, and that you may where all'the Zouaves could see it and sake pattern there under the order oT"l"th November, 1869, in the same MIRAMON STILL AT OCADALAJARA—NO MONKY—PRO-disiingunbed gentlemen are in attendance upon his Royal Highness—Bishop Field, of the Pitotestant Episcopal thurvh. Bishop Mullock, of the Calbjolic church; Chief Justice Sir Francis Brady, and Justices Little and Robin an.Inthearternoon,atthreeo"clockjhisRoyalHighness Mi J a levee, at which tw o hundred! persons were pre mit«d. They represented the various trades and so-return to your native land in perfect health, as we are assured you will with all t h e pleaiure which must result from the good work which, in the name of her Majesty,In rThe Taminend stonnld a few moments at\onkerstotake Colonel Lefferts, or the Seventh regiment, on board.He was received by hearty cheers as be stepped on board ed'by Judge Rooseveluhim. H i s suite immediately followed, a n d then the guns of the war ships and of the citadel belched forth their deafening thunders, which were reverberated through lull and valley, and echoed back again. At the same moment loud cheers arose from the manned yards ofthevessels-of-war, fromthemerchantvesselsand smaller craft, and from the shore. As a pleasing incident, it was generally observed that the commander and crew of bis Imperial Majesty s war steamer Sesostris enteredmauuer as the receiver was direct*a to pay the same.5. The writot possession mfist also be set aside andPOSED ARMISTICS—THE LIBERALS VBUV HOPEFUL— FALSE RUMORS, ETC., ETC.The Prooreto, of Vera Cruz, July 11, publishes tbe fol- lowing letter from a correspondent at the capital, datedyour Royal Highness has undertaken.,the possession of the land restored to the city, as directmistacwu to report to" the Queen the devotion to her• icen aad person unmistakably e\ infad by the reception1•her.son,eloquently expressed intheaddressesfrom\ o s bodies In this town and Harbor Grace. l a m The day has been observed as a general holiday through- by Charles White, George Long and a woman named So- Point to the lawn in front of Cozzens' Hotel. At the ho the event.andthen retired.<..;-rrr<; by the Queen to convey to vuu th e assurance of out Hie city. There have been boat races at Quidividi, lire- phia Blank. When found-he was insensible, and on being tel the quests were out on tbe piazza, and as the Zouaves,The judgments in the seconl and third actions are set armistice of three or four months to Degollado, and that asidewithalltheproceedingstherein,subjecttotheorder thelatterhasconsultedthegovernmentinrelationthereto. of reference, upon payment by/ the defendants of all costs Here public opinion is opposed to it, on the ground thattherein, after that order, and (With leave to the defen the struggle would again extend its proportions when it dants to apply to vacate the order of reference in those is on the eve of being terminated. It is asserted to-dayt..e.,-eptoficerushehaseverfellinthisinterestingpor-i ou of her dominions I shall can-yjbeck a lively recol-lection of this day's proceedings, audiof your kindness tomyself personally, but,above all, Uiese hearty demon u. New York. The whole of the ttdiea and s great many of man was concerned. All the accused, with the exception stmiens of patriotism, which prove tour deep rooted a ttachmest to th e great atid free country of which we all ilory to be called the sonsThe Prince pleases the populat e immensely byhis liand- »ot • ouounacce, and mild, gentlemnnlr bearing.ike Prince stands about nve feet iix-4acb.es in height, s slender in form, having a narrow head, intelligent face, large, handsome eyes small mouth, large nose, retreating this, complexion rather dark, boy ll appearance, aadt h ePrince'sgood looks,werks and iliuminat ions. and the people are going oil on one that his skull was rractureu. The difficulty is said to hive lug splurge of excitement, which could scarely be beaten arisen out of some family troubles, in which the injuredladies scrutinized very carefully th e appearance of the champion soldiers. The troops received orders to '•stack arms," ana ware then dismissed, to assembleHemanners and detriment.the streets that as long as England has such kings she will never want subjects. A ll thej country folks for miles around are now in the city, enjoying th e holiday, drink- ing, funning, carousing and making merry generally.T.,e following is a description of the appearance of thePrince of Walts taken from a London paper —The Prlnrc, although youthfulllooklng, is a well propor- tioned and certainly a pleasant looking young man. H eof a son of Mrs. Blank, who had taken part in the affray, but afterwards made good his escape oa the appearance of the officers, were ronveyel be:ore Justice Brennau. and locked up to await the result of Dardis' injuries.EXTENSIVE BURGLARY.—The miilinery story of William Kalin, 26 Division street, w a s burglar.ously entered ou Wednesday night, and robbed of property in all valued at $800, or which $600 was in money, the remainder being silver spoons, forks and other articles of silverware. < if fleer Mc&innon, o f the Seventh precinct,• subsequentlyThe order was. without t h e Zouaves a n d theirmeu aretulhnsiasticaboutIt is f common saying throughhour on Wednesday night Lewis Dardis, living at So. ffitt avenueB,wassetuponandterriblybeaten,asisalleged,moderadm, tolerated by the other side here, since I know that it wasmadewith theknowledge ofCoronaand Muuo2 Ledo. It appears certain that Miramon proposed anconveyed totheNewYork Hospitalitwasascertained with their unique uniforms, passedwithinview,thefort, who was at one time a clerk tor Mr. Kahn. and who was seen lurking around the premises ou the afternoon of the robbery. On suspicion of being the thief, though noThe great consolidated ditch is at Hast fflRshed.andjiro cited the cube ended, admiration of all the officers pre-i.ablv over one hundred sluices are now if operation on sent. Colonel Maroee remarked that be thought their mo- dutoperand*wasofthefirstorder,butexpressedadoubtquarter to three o'clock, amid deafening chears, the b»ad capital. "who will hasten their work to eaiiy completion ference in the movement of a urge body ofpietely routed, leaving fortv pieces of artillery and all hat other trains ia the hands of his Excellency the P i*irandballwasaliogivenittheChtooiaiHouse.Agar Piaying"God>avetheQueen.' Thesurveyhasbetamadetofoundamorepracticable grade, less expensive, and over one mile shorter than themen. SenatorDavisalsospokeoftherapidity and unanimity o f their movements a s being especially commendable, andthought theirtworank$100 to the man per day.with Ms suite oa board the Hen. The California Gulch mines are generally proving exc-The day is beautiful aad that town has a gala appear- eedingly rich; however, some new claims do not tun* out as well as expected.front to tlank and from Hank to front was remarkably,in his estimation, well done.Tbe third part of the exercises consisted of the skir- mish drill, which thorn of our readers who visited tbe Academy or Music will remember. Tbe drill consisted of thedeploymentbyintervals, closebyintervals, deploy- mentbyfours,rallyingonthe centre group,rallyingby company to guard agamat cavalry, aad loading and firing as skirmishers, lying down and kneeling.The entire drill was witnessed throughout witha n dfeci dtecipline'manifeated ia all ihe movements of theAt this juncture Senator Davis w#r« called away b y amngmnenof tJta National Guard lataThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Thesameceremooywasob-erredasatthelanding,ai thacheeringwastremendous.The fleet sailed at eleven o'clock for Halifai, calling thewayalSt.Peters.Every body seems delighted with the visit and the i tendant aioitement.fSB CAHAMAM DOtAM ASftTWM TWUMB «J» WAMm Toaojrro, July » , 1H0.an tribes will meet t » ,, 6. W , a beautiful and cooClark Gruber k Co. have commenced coming Pike's Peakgoldmthis city. Thedesign is neat aadappro- priate, bearing ononesidearepresentation ofPikes Peak, with the inscription, "Pike's Peak Gt»W." Onto* reverte is an eagle, and the inscription, "Oark.Gruber xCo. "andante.There are still many returning Io the Slates in all kinds of ways. Quite a huge number are daily atartr down the Platte a boats.b y a l l present, especially,nected with t h e northern mock ^un was faintmocksua,near tbeN. I azimuth fair was e f eo treaaieai aten miaotes or so, that ittempt to call ia the aid of assome eftheanother very Thewhole af-for suchtreats* o fSpanishBusiness mgenerally improving. Large trains are arriving dally. Five quarts millshut tewrecognise any I Juarez's iIberia anH#' i tarnifierj tve;ntbe,i*and showery.i are tothroughtlattMarch. It ktabsaierectfoundAcademy notImportance was visited with evident satisfaction to all th<*e present.Returning to Cozaens* Hotel, the Zouaves soon formed company, preparatory to their exhibition drill before the orlioera of the Military Academy. With their usual promptness t h e line w a s soon formed, t h e National Guard posting sentinels a n d clearing a space large enough, and within which manoeuvres were t o be e x - ecuttd.At a quarter past three o'clock H o n . JeffersonDavis, formerly Secretary of War. accompanied by Bre-vet Colonel Hardee, the military instructor a t t h e Aca-demy, arrived, and were conducted to eligible positionscarriage cheerfula n d soldierly appearence.couducters in many othei wins employed,T h e Zouaves Cadets or t h e a n d every point o four readers another series of military technicalities, wewill simply say—commenced the drill in themanual of arms, and the school of the company,similar radius, a whole diametier above the first, tne cen- of Morela. Puebltta, ax., will occupy Bajio. It iatre of which toutcr circle wasi on a vertical line parsing three dayasinee tfaet^hanjbosn any correspondence with through the sun. About s =)milsr length-of arcof this legos. IfU announced)*!*! the diligence wul not run second circle was visible, as ofl tbe upper segment of the be>ond Pegoeroe. Perhaps*! was through this ti^i •»greattaryColonel Hardee, Senator Davis _fltajand Untitled Documentattention ameersa m m S a So f t h eItisunderstoodthatanaddress,signedbymostofthe respectableresidentsofMexien,askingPresidentJuarez for a peace, reached this place to-day. This is a sham get- up by Munos Lode, head of the Miramon Cabinet, to place this government in a false position in the eyes of tbe and stab Purple that the bystanders were unable to world, knowing that Juarez will reject such terms aa they are likely to propose. I t ia a weak invention, a n dprevent t h econveyed t owere dressed, after which h e w a s conveyed to bis resi-Staff, presented Captain Shaler with a very elegant lightinfantry steel scabbard sabre, recently brought by the dence in Amity street. Hyer was iaanediately arrested the Miramon concern really wishes a peace, which is notinside the breakwater. After a deity of some minutes,the pre-arranged signal was given, and Aldermen andCouncillors transferred themselves to the boats, and were Colonel from Paris. The scabbard, is a new French in- and handed over to tb e Eighth ward police, and lockedvention, and is so constructed that on drawing the up to wait the result of Purple's injuries.sword the lower half instantly slides into the up- The affair created considerable excitement abouttbe per, thus giving facility to the officer in performing the notel during the remaining portion of the night. The light infantry movements, by shortening the scabbard dispute is said to have been caused by some private so that it will not impede his locomotion. On returning difficulty which occurred in Philadelphia.I'pon the questions! as to tTH» and damages. I do not deem it necessary to <jxpr*ssaqy opinion at the present timeYesterday the "glorious Fourth" was celebrated in a becoming manner by the American citizens -here— diplo- matic, naval, consular and private. The American \l-ms- ter gave a '•feed,'' which was well attended by h.s coun- trymen, by Mexican dignitaries, and by foreigners of a ll nationalities1. An order must be, entered declaring both stipulations in the Ursaftj-lioiiof the J.iles u{ Wtli ol September, 1809, and oi lUh onNovember, 1859, ijoidj and directing thein to be ff. aside.2. Setting aMde all proceedings subsequent to ihe order6. If the appeal taken by the plaintiffs from the orderthe steamer. The remainder of the passage up the river of Judge Roosevelt is not still in force, the detendant the 7th inst., which we translate:—Police Intelligence.HEAVY ROBSXRV or COPPKE PLATS*—CHARGE or R scsiv-ISGSTOLESGOODS.—OtficerFiUmaurice,ofthe£$e«oudprecinct, on Wednesday night arrested Peter O Breuuau,a young man eighteen years of age, on charge of stealingtwo large copper plates, on which a map of Canada wasengraved, both being valued at $800. The property isal- the Taminend. passed the latter when a few miles thisleged to have been taken from the premises of E. H. En side of Cozzens' dock. As the Alida glided swiftly by tion, be deposited in the Trutu Company, to abide the another motive for entertaining this idea.I suppose you are aware of the arrest of Bishop Kspi- nosa. It may furnish some money. This government is in great distress for money, and is seizing the goods of those who are in arrear in the forced contributions. It has uoce so already with several foreign houses.was very pleasantly passed in steamboat chitchat, and atintervalsrelievedbytheexcellentperformancesofthe National Guard band.must stipulate to allow such appeal to stand, so that that ordercanbereviewed.Since yesterday It is reported that Castillo- evacuated (.uadalajaraonthe20th. Idonotknowwhetherornot it is certain, but I should not wonder, since you know I have always believed that the question would be settled iu Mexico city, wbere the reaction has most resources;ARRIVAL AT WKST POINT.The Taminend, with her military freight, reached WestThe peace project has been badly received by tbe ultra the signers. In reality it is a prontmciaiimenw of theat quarter before three o'clock.doubt, cheerfully obeyed, a n dguests, in irregular squads of threes and fours, proceededcases or for such other order in regard to the reference as they may deebri advisable.The plaintiffs may amend their complaint in either or all of the actions, and serve new complaints in such man ner as they may be advised.NEW BOWKRY THK*TRK.—M^*. Eddy, who has been playing a very successful engagement here, takes his benefit to night, playing 'Hamlet" and O'Callsghan in 'His Last Legs." Without doubt tthis ravorite artist will have a bumper bouse.that those t w o gentlemen will have further correspon- dence. In short, conservatism is in a bad way, and already appeals t o t h e o l d extravagances o f a ap»«i«>» fleet and European intervention. They say that Almonte has written the assurance that that matter was definitely arranged. If it should not be verified, it will not be for waul of wishes on tbe part of these traitors, since they do all they can to make it succeed, and have tbe shame lessness to say so openly.From another letter from t h e capital we take the fol- lowing—Although we have nothing official as yet, it a known that ogazomarrlved on the 28th at the gates of Guadala-dayd XjO^joieu. with some artillery, were incorporated iiU'*rrtt>eycommand oCuAlfkro. GeneralCarvajal was at ' Rineongaitb partiof hisiforces, a n d Gonzalez Ortega's force of 8.000 manyand Ubaanoa mast have joined h im . www.fultonhistory.com 