 tvrf Morivsrr «*.» •"in * » •%><2ABIMTK I16TH.,*?»• (t^S»4v a-"-3ffiithe oopteet, wish to declare the clearness of Hsenan*fluence, and endeavor by means of diplomacy to ex- supporters from any complicity with that outrage; and « Cbsmpion" and the "Ben'cift Boy." TU 'fimeA,i a c w t , » tTHE STATE OF EUROPE.much grave meditation in princely.German minds. Thouveloel, who sets up to know his French, tells them that revcndiqiur is to claim, n o t to reclaim;yen years by King Bomba and his son'roeht of Italy, must eeek a counterpoise to French in-*MBUtOIt be accepted. If his blind Majesty do rtposing on the true interests of the State, naturally onds of Sayers after tbe battle was virtually over, and i t in form, he will not, cannot follow it in ?***?£ **&*>* «f Southern Italy to unite itself with we are informed by gentlemen of position, who wereBy all his edAicatoonand^woful lack ofeducn- ^ £ 2 ^ ^ ^ ^ preeent, and who had an opportunity of seeing, that once, if not twice, while Heenan had Tom on the ropes,zled. Crowds thronged £&•* streets, and pressed ag>inst the doors of the newspaper offices, where the sheets, wet from the press, were distributed to eager buyers- On every countenance there was an expression, of ex- citement, violent discussions were gomg onj and tri- umph or chagrin was in the air of ewh. What could it be about? Such an sseemb age was hsjrdly wit- nesecd when the crown of Louis Philip fell into tho gutter, or when the Alliea stormed Sevastopol- Sorely>pwtgr, JUS*R-3T., >ari,''KM wfflk splendid. »f whiee-*C, 0 *x-.t. fV;*»r<w»t. Alva,nil. M J I « / » . j>.-<rpaity, fi»r ior tiro-ridj»*«<.?-York «r$:M,de» I47.fl00 "o-day de-£K>LXOJ&S9f SIX3J>A Y ,sW, 193B, «T pardea**or* n«xi.6*» i$39. >Annual** W W « n » firs* of tb* JRSDA Y of aoii> for & •»y issa*»—Je-'« Office,r tickt > m , ' Aola or *aj- xm-i -3oU*TS aiDoribsed byof Uw Coua-Ve' t tnc«4r-«4 i*rc«i ax tb* 7 from ts-u-of tbe eky,i* Ctisraoer-r»o»i»»C«r» »t»o«:, beariac•d "Pr»r©*»U the iicf potDertorej»«i. woot or pro-m?troIl«&.>A» CO.a33>>re of th©*li»r» apo»MV*tytbesMa*vw-York* at » t . « r y i » -»»oti it Co. j in LOO3A«. BOOrvtatSbfiI' Va A»7 «fKb ofU»y, & VIOT th**.»OJM» of1, 18S», will 9p*ny, Now .JOMUXWC^D CO.—r«»#at tl»» E"fa* pay-STOCIK:-' [ONToffl*) • 'otboe «T aoat. A *oftb*Stkrowrarec.^vKOPJ5itOXDSNJ>. is.Share-th- oapitdl »la? -.o ivco »« ao:Iv, «tIrdor o' vi»* CssUec3, &<^»cui orom •I Cixoolcrm F A O -AL> CO.nC>Ni)AJf,21, .155*,**L/, Joao*, -.* «o sac,NWtT4X.VJ»t*kmiu tfcefertico* *mA (ooc«iMqf.XRAOBCoopfMIOaiMffO kr<:' xaawMrbLm,ilactonein his pungent critique the other day on the contra- epoch of Russian supremacy in Europe," which dictions and inconsistencies of Napoleon's Italiancomjpoil cause has grown to be, of the smallest. archy conferred when, after the Kingdom had been ably decided against Heenan. By the rules of the ring,retcued trom the vaet-atage of Austria, he created in a man on both knees ia down, and if interfered witnPer Ijonjtra, Lamoriciere, late Minister and legisla- die field of Velletii the most powerful State in Italy. after that .event before," time" is called he ia entitledleast the British Cabinet had fallen a victim, to some internal feud. No; it was simply that two pro- fessional gladiators had mauled each other for two hours .that morning, and the newspapers worn)cannot»yet get through the crisiB of' the emancipa-' within a few hours of its premature outbreak at in eon j ];art of the is'ttnd. A German gentlrmanwho that neither he nor any person authorized to act for tion. The fact is, that the aristocracy, ready for Palermo, is known for this week pastto be as false has a Ved eays that it is im possible to describe the him requested the referee, at the late encounter be- any pecuniary sacrifice, insist upon the grant of as the attribution of its origin to English intrigues, mifien <M|I the popuiavon. Tne soldiers ai>d police tween Say era.and himself, to etop the fight when theWe understand that the rival combatants, Sayers and Heenan, have left town, and that, accompanied by their friends, they will meet at Epsom, where the€:.CorroifroiKkmt.' Ilijame and;possible' leader among the Liberalp, hiaiit passions-of paities for the advantage of her ma- our country woo has engsged to subdue another re- forced, for once, to dedicate v§ c -lunros to the w P . BL" the JSmperor claimed Savoy by a right growing out and iff. sad consideration of the effects of the police terial and pbsticai interest. The tribune and the aires outside 4id to help him; as was given to Sayers Muscle and bottom, clever bitting and neat stopping,•••.*•-.••-m< .fc--F. ST; •38 &fc,#,4s;*%Jji •smm wi&xm NEW- tfOJ&K DAILY TKlllUlttS. SATURDAY; MAY 5, 1860.F-| vhk^ro«etcoantheSwiMriope8ofth«Alp«ofSa-The French do not very much interest themselvesfajoncnts tq its infamous Government,Otfi|*r8 hope, perhaps with better reason, for help?in these circulars, nor in the numerous Swiss prot-he might dare to advance withon* T»*&S a ^ n 1 1 over which they generally rejoice, with very little believvaecilltttii/^, andthough perhaps foreseeing that the haste of writing my long report, tbe, battle part of ontbemcreaoe. Butashort tune since we wore mortof abandonment of this province alone canrestore the whichhasbeenpublishedherein an illustrated extra, nepainfully ignorantonthisgie*tsa»>ject. Ltvingin a•gainat hk Napoleonicidea*. He thewfore can- tkxuly came out with the annexation of Nice and Savoy,' reeerring the ««e»tion of the neutralized province* for the common decision of Europe, and calming the apprehensions of Switzerland by an equivocalpremiseofannexingChablaisandFan. wgny to Switzerland. He soon saw that England, though loodJy protesting sgainst the annexation of this northern portion of Savoy, declares that aue wonJd not fight for it; that Prussia's protest is still weaker, that Austria cannot be even induced to protest;—unletta Central Italy and thepTincipte of universal suffrage are com- -piked in the same protest; while RuAsiy complacently looks upon any annexation as upon a precedent for her traditional planB against Turkey.Thusteeingweaknessanddivisioneverywhere,th.regard to /the right and wrong.©f the means bythan they; the vote (no matter how Louis Napoleon style; Thouvenel's dispatches become more imperi chooses to interpret it) is another consecration ofthe doctrine of a people's right to dispose of them- ous; Savoy is incorporated by universal suffrage be selves. The more the. doctrine is confirmed, thefore the Powers ol'JKurope can give their verdict; th surer is the practice to follow; already it controlsConference, much desired by Switzerland^ is not t Napoleon as'much as He controls it. As to the mo-meet at all; and the Swiss, abandoned *by th rality of the annexation, I question if there be Great Powers^ and unable, on account of financia thirty-six out of the |hirty-six million French who difficulties, to cut the knot by the sword, have re- waste a.thought upon it. They regard as little the signed themselves to their fate, and are trying to Emperor's repeated deprecation of the thought of obtain terms, not from the Powers that signed the territorial conquest in connection with the Italian •nlity,! id jto institute a, liberal internal policy and front of her, the averstohvof the nation, the aroaies of he was conveyed fr$m the ring: the days of their fathers, when w Corinthians',' attended some| n'giapproaching to a constitutional govern- Napoleon III. and of Piedmont, and the indifterence of " We have taken some pains to trace out the actual the encounters of Cribb and Molyneux. iment s the means of saving himself from threaten Grea'i Britain. What way remains, then, of saving state of the case as to the struggle at the rope?—whening o gers, foreign and domestic. The advice is" ^econntry and the dynastv, threatened by euch creat we were, forced out of our place by the crowd—and An enlightened foreigoer pftisit-g along the Strand quite lentiblc, and therefore in all probability cangers? One only. Tho imtional policy," wnioh, al?o as to.-the fact of Heehan'B having struck the sec- on Tuesday afternoon mos: h*ve oeen stranger/ puz-Emperor of the French has suddenly changed hiof artillery. 'It is now evident that thelasted from 1$35 to 1854, has been succeeded byShall we prefer an ill-advifed -municipal isolation to a to the money. On the other point, we have only thetlje, French occupation of Rome, has accepted national policy? A municipal isolation exposes ua not statement of Ma^donald to* contradict the testimony of publishing, the narrative with more or leas "fe-the epoch of French, supremacy, under the auspices most glaring contradiction' between the " w a r fornjiythemilitarycommandofthePapala?Hiy, onhtotoreignpressure,butworsestill,byabandon* sometwentyorthirtygentlemen,besidesourownre- licity of slang. Tos?ethis encountera largemin, but has accepted all the Papal policy, jDg'lhe country to internal discordB, it will render it Jorter,:as to Heenan's having struck, down and kicked body of people had started from town before dawn, .proclamation to his mercenaries is a curiosity ihe easy prey of party. Sheer force will be the su- emmy Welsh, and knocl ed SayersOff hissecond's knee. in a train supplied by a decorous and dignified rail- i] pour publishing. L ^ it he presents to that preme law, but the mind of your Majeuty undoubtedly As to hie kicking Brunton, the evidence is not con- way company, and, though the whole civil force.{ assemblageof Dalgeffsys, the Papacy, Chris- revoke at tbe idea of repieesiDg only by arms those clusive, but in fJhe c»ee of Welsh and the Chtmoion we. of the South of England were on the alert, 'the jv knd Liberty as synonyms, and compares, the passions which the loyalty of a young King can mod- have no doubt, especially as we are corroborated by •fight bad taken place. The continental might well erate Uisteao. and turn to good, by substituting oblivi- the account in Leslie's Illustrated Paper allndedto wonder attbecivifization and the administrative system evolution [revolution in general] to lslamism. on for rancor, extending the hand of friendship to the b^-low, which was written by Mr. Wilkes, of Wilkes's of the country in which he had arrived. But it is notwas th«-re a man more thoroughly d—d Kir.g of tbe other pan of Italy, and consolidating the Spirit of ike Times. That account says: " Heenan, only strangers who are astonished at the occurrence of * world than is this ex-Republican, military- Throne of Chsrl6B III. on a baBis which civilized Eu- " findk-g that tlough Sayera could not, or would not, such all event in our advanced stage of civilizition.of Papal divinity in France. The Ultra- ni*s of course applaud his conduct with theiroftheEmperorwhoproclaims.thattheEmpireis *'anidea"anditspayinrealestate.peace, and makes a war eyery third year. And while a man so unscrupulous and energetic sits on the throne of France, Dent upon the destruction of the*treaties of 1815, Germany is nullified and Eu- rope divided. Spain has, indeed, put an end to a foolish war by a reasonable peace, and contented herself with a valueless strip of land in a barbarous country, with' indemnification for the expenses of war; but, any more ambitious plan was nipped in the bud by the unexpected difficulties of the campaign and the sudden though unsuc- cessful revival of Carlist insurrection. So far as we can judge, the Queen feels herself strong enough to spare the hves of the chiefs of the insurrection, and. since Gen. Elio has al-• That speed* of Favre's was delivered in the Corps Ltgislatijl so long ago aB last Wednesday, but notj published till after the date of :ny last letter. Withit were published other speech 3s, some in.censure, some in defense of Napoleon's Italian doings, form- ing together a semblance rarely 'offered bythe Leg- islative.Body of a fair parliamentary debate. It originated oh the Government hill for keeping up the annual conscription for the army oh a peace footing, at 300,000 men", but turned for two days on the Italian question, which, infone form or another, constantly presents itself as the most stirring ques- tion, the European question of the day. The force of Favre's attack may be guessed from the fact that Baioche, the official deferder of Government, a man of ability and practiced skill in parliamentary discipline, found no better reply to it than an argu- mentum ad hominem, the surest sign that he relin- quished as hopeless ihe argument on the merits of the case. In the course of a "long speech Favrel Many excellent persons among our own couutrymen axe J rise from his seat in his corner, and his eecOnds re-• -ready been pardoned, Ortega will scarcely be shot. • :* Gov. "Wise and the State of Virginia oughrto learn a lesson of humanity from these Spaniards whom they despise so much. The capture of the Pretend- er wqulu only complicate the affair; he is there- fore at present in safety. England is .very uneasyabout the continental crisis; but while Lord John Bussell would like to renew the alliances with the central States of the Continent, Milner Gibson and Gladstone adhere strictly to'non-intervention; they abhor entaDghng alliances, and threaten to break up rbe Cabinet. Lord Palmerston, on the other hand, instinctively likes and supports Napoleon and his policy of bullying, surprising, and ''confounding the old statesmen of Europe, who have had their own way for full forty years, and were unable to prepare the future or to secure the thrones of theirmasters.In Germany, we see an impotent National party, snubbed by all the Governments, feebly raising itsdie the rai&ing of Peter's Pence for the bene- l e Papal Treasury, in many of the dioceses n;e,j and Belgium, and Austria,- we hear of volunteers of the higher orders offering ma- id to His, Holiness. Thus the Duke dela ftucauld ^a8 lately made a present to that ble clergyman of twelve rifled "cannon; as if liypew 'ccupaht in Grace Church shouldSPAIK ;mWHY GEN. ORTEG K W AS SHOT,The last news from Europe included an item stating that Gen. Ortega, having been duly sentenced, was shot at Madrid on the 18th of April, for conspiracy"edement of defeat by afoul blow; and yet Hr. WilkeBcalls,on every impartial Englishman to award the beltto Heenan. Our own opinion of the matter is tlis—that as tbe men were fighting in a crowd without anyorder or regularity, and as Heenan .was almost blind,and hie noddle was doubtless in astate of considerableconfusiOn, he did not quite know what he was about,and may therefore.be excused for the unjustifiable actout the deLunciation of the public press—why the con- niving executive, tbe abetting 'rail -way company, and the whole band of gentlemen who assisted at the ter- rible sijkht are not held up to re -roach; as they deserve. W e answer that the very universa;n.y of the interest' taken in the fight i-i a proof that the exhibition waa different frum others of its kind. Tnousands of peoplo read the narrative we published yesterday who probably had not for years, cr perhaps in their lives, perused t' e details of a prize fight. Their cur.osity wae roused, not by prize fighting generally, but by the circumstances of thie singular eocou.-ttcr. We have no fear that the result will be to restore the faded glories of the prize ring. The feeling is that tbe whole affair is an anomaly as much as tbe Eglinton tournament; that:one men aisp ay is enough, and that tbe pugilistic fra-tj.i i y must not expect magisterial forbearauce*if they attempt to repeat it. Aa to the a gument that prize- fighting is a disgrace to civilization, we will merely observe that there are other institutions equally odious to the moral sense, and yet cherished by monarchs. bJett by prieate, smile 1 upon by lai'es, «nd saodted for by mobs. A standing army is m the eyes of a philosopher -only an assemblage of Sayeraes and Beenans. Take that of France,, for. instance, ever ready to cut the throats of any nunber of people, for- e'gnera or countrymen, at the.order of a single man. It has its rules and traditions, like the prize ring, and the chief j of these- is that it should accept as " tho enemy" any nation or anybody of men pointed out by its commander. If the old Adam, the savage element in onx nature, is to find a ven', we had rather it should be in a boxing match in a meadow than in the invasionof a neighbors possessions in the name of patriotism i. and glory. JSo we will take men and their nature (as we finl them, and not preach a homily against tbe fight for tho championship. Whetberit be a oatde between'pugil- leta on a country border, or a war between empires for the eupremacy of Europe, men will interest themselves in tbe atxuggles of strength and courage. Nor iB peer Tom Sayers etanding up against his gigantic antago- nist, and coming up round after round to receive "pun-.i .tft• i l l1• sive', resistance of Hungary, the coldness; of the of some of the inconveniences of having everything'question of emancipation is still unripe; the agitation haB been a general sauve qui ptut of civiliandeadly tear; it prohibits, among other things, any two persons walking together ia the streets of Palermo. It was the plan of the leaders to commence their movement some fifteen days later. They were assembled to dise.u^s their pjro- giamme (BO early as the evening of the 4th, one ac- count states) in the Convent Delia Gaucia, whensore amkHowed to leave the inland but foreigner*. Alady hujdj been taken out of |their vessel by the police jnut b jjOre they left. She was, I beiieve, the Bar- oness <| -Eiso; and, as youj know, her huaband, the Pmce | Niscemi, Prince 'Giardiuchi, and the Dukehandful at hia corrier, repeatedly protested against tbe invasion of ihe^ rope*, and demanded that the fight should not be interrupted. In proof'of this, Heenan breasted his way three times, through the crowd of persons who ponied into the arena from the side of Sayera to renew, the combat after that outrage had taken place, and who refused to leave the ring, and did not do so until Sayera had been withdrawn. He wishes me to eay, moreover, that he feels sure that,tbem to make it a " drawn battle," and he is inclined Dunkirk; "Faint, yet Pursuing,'' Charles C. Mcln- to believe that they will act on his advice; but hewill not make any formal decision this week. Nei- tire, Phelps (representing the Society of Inquby);ther Sayers nor Heenan is ao much "punished" as "The Distinctive Moral Influence of Christianity," the first reports in the papers induced the public (to Wilfiam H. Webb, Homer. Tbe Annual Sermon be-ia increasing among the serfs, while the voice of thearistocracy becomes bolder, and the power of The proclamation of the military com- Russia toward foreign States is perfectly paralyzed. mandant, shows all the cruel cowardice ofFRANCE.tuna Oor Otra Coxzo«pon4«fiZ.P A H I S , April]20, 1860.I wrote last week that it then looked as thoughr>Till |KING OF.NAPLES AND HIS UNCLE-The prophet* of enlightenment and progress mustsometimes be a little sore at finding that homan nature eJey was delivered by tbe Rev. At* D. Smith, D. L\, does not show that steady advance which they would of NeW York. The number of the graduating.olass attribute to it. The broad assertion that men are the was twenty-two. Seven of the number spose'on same in all ages and all the world over ia certainly a Wednesday, as follows: " Submission to Law a Con- fal'acy which will find acceptance only with cynical dition of Liberty," Wm Hart, Auburn; •"Paul on mine's, but, on the other band, reformers must not ex- Mars nili," Edward W. Hitchcock nomer; " Memo- pect to change us too quickly. It may be that in some ry a Retribuive Power," Smith Harris Hyde, Tarry-they -were surprised by the foreign troops. Taken the Savoy business, «o far as it affected Swiss neu- ^at this disadvantage they made the best fight they trality, would be settled by direct negotiations be- could with 700 men, were overwhelmed by num-SIKK S Ij My affection for 3Jou, now ihe august head of have made hia victory manifest to tbe most prejudiced our far my longer experience of men and of tbe perron on the ground. As to the au-gestion wh'ch hascircnm|«aiiC*B whish BurroubdB us, and my love for the. been kindly made by tbe editor -of BelVs Life, that countriI give me ngbta aufliciect, m the perilbas times Sayers aid he bhould have a belt apiece, he bege-toJ tweenFranceandSwitzerland. Nowitpas«esfor bers,.andforcedtowithdrawfromthetown,which was exposed for the rest of the night to all the hor-in vhinjtwe live, to lay afc the foot of the throne of say that, while he will cheerfully subscribe to a newyoar llijesty devoted, su^gesiions as to the fotarc testimonial for his brave and honorable adversary, hedt-Btioiji'jjofjthecountry,animatedasIambythepame wllba*enoneotherthantheOXJChecameninethou- DarwinianlapsofagestheEthiopianmaychange town;"UnityofPurpose"David8.Johnson,Al-almost certain'that this business, will be the pretext rors of a place/conquered by Croats. Now it wouldBcntimlffitR which bindyou. Sire, to the fortuuea of your sand miles to get, and which he honestly feela he has peopled .The principle of Italian nationality, which for" already won. He belicvee, hoHvever, he' can win it centari; *busi remained in tihe field of ideai, has now apain, if required to do BO, and If it be really amenable dcccen ; |djyigoroualy into that of action. For us alone to conquest by a stranger, he will not leave your shorea to refill -'to aoknoK-iedge tnia fact ivoulcl be blindness nnr-1 he brings his late contest to a, nesv and due con-his Bkm rfbd the leopard fin* s>ots, and it may also bany; "The Province of Reason," Herrick Johnson, be that a time will come when men will lose all .in- Buffalo; "The Gothic Irruption," AndrewParsons,for the assembling of a Conference. A circular of seem that the royal troops are fairly besieged by the TkDuvenel limits the objects'of the deliberations of insurgents gathered about Palermo; that the forces this assembly as follows: The treaty of cession' of the latter are daily increasing; that there hasbeen a rising in Messina, and that all the southern with Victor Emanuel is-not to be discussed; the part of the island is aroused.and mi neit-s, when we see some Powers in Europe fep-otgl supporting it, some accepting rt, a^d othersclnsiOtr. •terest in their own -bones and muBcles, and value each other solely according to the power of the brain as tested by competitive examinations. But that tiute has not yet arrived. TbejQaakers Were much .astonished that within three years after the peacetul gathering of 1851 tbeir countrymen should have ruehed into warSharon Springs; "The Right Spirit in Theological Study," Edwin. B. Van Auken. the Address to ths Graduating Claes was by Prof. Hall. An effort has b*en in progress to add $10 000 to the foundation of jachi of the four Professorships. The whole sum of $40,000 was completed at the Anniversary by a sub-scription of ^5,000 from a benevolent gentleman »f New-York. • . <u1 Conference'will only receive it as a communication,and thus, in spite oPlhemselves, give it a sort ofOii the part of meny Americaua ia London who havesabo-jitij jgj to itas the extreme necessity of the 'ime. called upon me, we repudiate entirely the idea ex with the alacrity of Kailirs. The philosophers of the•C7safe safety valve for dangerously fermenting punlie opinion with his ligh suppressive system ? I shouldes.citei b -pre the most intense inwrest, and it is oelieved1^06 the German Empire went to pieces exactly comparable to the trials of that other Dutchman opinio i I were not huspeeted, for having spoken introduced iaio Spaio in 1713, there was every pros-ishment." an unworthy object of admiration. These men display in their miserable trade qualities which, on 'a better field, make individuals and nations greatat the moment when the union of Germany was most who/would have his hen sit on a nest of dynastic floxe jpld words agjiiust the indJBcrimmtite per-required, threatened as the country was by the eggs. .She resisted; he held her down; he raised sscutii !if of Stgoor Manisealchi, the Director of Poconquest* of Napoleon I., aothe German Confedera- his hand a little, and up she started a little; then lice. e figot of. the 4th instant was oegunbythehe clapped a basket over her, and congratulated I soldieiH who surprised the conspirators wnen tneytion is losing every trace of cohesion just now had asHtbjbled inthe monastery ceila C«ncia—a friend, when the Rhine is in danger. Still, Austria himself on the ingenious expedient for accustoming F;aM thole di Sant Antonio, haviog betrayed t&eir-obstinately refuses to change her stupid and unbear- her to the position; one day he lifted the basket a meetiii if J While the Struggle continued roand the ablesystemofgovernment,andratherrisksher littletoseehowitwasworking. "MeinGot!das monatjyytheNeapolitannegatesandsteamer.'-woih- existence than give up the. divine light of walloping " vas vundefful; she was sit standing I" bardet and destroyed the village of Ficarizr", ia tne her own niggers. Her financial failures, the pas- W e have had another amusing instance this week neighl rjhbod of the capital^ to keep the 'uhabitanta,pect'- tbat the crown, on the death of- Ferdinand,would rightfully revert to his brother, Carlos. To present for other purposes than Bporc, and whose ob- That amid debauchery and drankennees and petty, avoid this, the Queen prevailed upon her husband to ject W8B to stock tbeir jewelers' ahope from the pockets gambling these virtues of couragf, endurance, and, a i r make a special 'will bequeathing the crown of Spain to of the spectators, the pressure' gradually reached its play should be cultivated, and carried to their h'ghestknow ii Jfoir tbfcir revolutionary tendecy, oft* from educatedclasses,thewarningsofEngland,'alllead one'sownway—ofwhichtheradicalessentialone Pa'en:>jAfterthe,defeatoftheinsurgents,theven-to no result. Like the Jesuits of old, Austria is is that a man has not and can't have it all his own ei&hh Sabe&s of the nunnery deila-Sante Croci waear-^ t rested :J|r having granted an asylum to two flying ia-ually.forced either into the ring itself or else alto- getherawayfromitsprecincts. Astowhocutthe ropee—if they were cut—we cannot say; but this we do say, if it be true that the life of Sayers was in dan- ter, and if he actually had touched the ground with his knees, it was a perfectly justifiable act. Hugging is hot fighting, and though there is no writteUrule on the ^object, a man should be released whenitcomeB tosuchanear thing as it is stated to have dine on Tuesday. For oureelvee. we did not see the occur- rence, Jrom the causes above stated, and can there-things eviL England and America have many a better arenaforrivalrythantheboxers'ring,butS'JIInationi without great qualities could not have broagh together two. men wUlmg to pass through sucl an ordeal as the terrible nght of Tuesday. N<J are there wanting fields of contentior •which,thoughmorereputablethantheprizering,arei hot more worthy of our regard. The apostles c" progress would bring us to a state in which all world! success,, all distinction, all influence* over mank" would depend only on ohrewdness and quickness, aL plied principally in the acquisition of wealth. Yet, what is competition but a fight, and a fight in whieli the laws of fair play are too often disregarded 7 VYdenwe gee the manufacturer d'atat'Cing bus rivil by the]" sale of short measures, or the speculator made rich byj a bubble which ruins hundreds when it bursts, we cani not think that a world where euch mea flourieh will have any reason to boast even-though the prize ring be a forgotten institution.ANOTHER FIGHT PROBABLE. Yesterdav, Friday, April 20, Tom, in companywith Mrj;Bennett, visited the stakeholder, and afterward drove- ^itf in a cab to the Waterloo-Bridge statioa for Epsom; X saw Tom, and, with the exception of having his right arm suspended in a bandage, with a leathernresolved either to be SB Ehe is, or not to be at alL way.- On Tuesday last the. town was all agog for a fclin the cloisters ol thebDuuilidJdiningt,r. . • -.•"* The death of Baron Jozika, late Chancellor of new pamphlet, La Coalition; it was published by Burgexl BlTransylvania, and the suicide of the septuagenarian Denter; it was anonymous; it treated high Euro- Count Stephen Szechenyi,' the- father of material' pean questions in ex cathedra style. The inference reform in Hungary, for whom the country is was that it was by the author of Le Papc et le-Con-. voluntarily going into mourning for six weeks, gres, and of the other famous pamphlets of Napo-have, again diminished the small number of those leon's sub-editor. There was a rush for it; howmen, who might have tried to conciliate the opposi- great a rush you may judge from the fact t h a t ation of Hungary, if the Austrian "Government Bhould bookseller of the Boulevards, who furnishes myever resolve to change its system and to govern de- small supplies of printed novelties, was 'utterly un-It helinif'now to be certam teat tJ&tvt illustrious con- Gen, de Lamoriciere^Jn^turn kgitiaikt, Or-'"Republican, and Pohtflcal, has received perrom tbe Imperial Government to serve a for- ' ce, and to command the papal bands of Croats, t\ Bavarians, Swiss, and Irish, a motley crowd igs, snch as h»s kol been seen in Europe for three hundred years. Napdeon aeea tbat a xevolu|||on is Learly inevitable inthe Neapolitan States,favcr oi his eon, dledmexik at Trieste.This son was born in 1818, and bears the title of f re offer no further opinion "on the subject. ThatCount de Montemol'no, which, if literally translated, the battle ended eo unsatisfactory to all per- would mean Count.Hill-mill. Probably very few per- sons is deeply to be regretted, but there wascently. But Francis Joseph is not the man to able to obtain a copy in the first two days of its and heB to prevent the annexation ot Southernfor himself, deemedv.the present a favorable opportu- Blues from earl 6r manifesting their presence. On thenity for creating a revolution in Spain, and reviving subject of the 'ring-keepers, we have to state thatthe 'Carlist claim in the person of the son and repre- H ck8 and MaaWen have been suspended for a twelve- sentative of Don Carlos. It was rumored that Queen month from the office of the ring constables, and haveIsabella would abdicate this Sprmg-—;for what cause been mulcted of their pay for ncg ecting their duty anddoes not sppear-hand Ortega thought that he coold re- interfering with the battle, and Grant and Adams have in&t&te the beir who, according to the Salic law, is received ho pay for being guilty of similar offenses inreally entitlpd to the crown of Spain. He iuduced tbe a minor degree. Those who distinguished themselvesCount of Montemolico to acquiesce in his plans, al tidngh that prndent perron did not venture into Spainbimtelf. Belet Ortega take the lead] but tae latter Liverpool, and Bob Bretile. All the others were been the object of the Benicia Boy's sledge hammeringyield. .Has will is unalterable, and though his Minis- publication. In those two days it knocked down Italy tj. she northern kingdom, and Lamoriiriere has toters every now and then trumpet forth some great the 3 per cents 35 centimes. So,that, on Thursday keej) arale the two movements which agitate the pexir- _ a^i The inheritance of the Bourbons ia not tomeasure of administrative reform, 'all their schemes morning, the Moniteur had .to eonie out with a oeyolv^ upon VictoryEmanuel, but upon Marat. Still, aro still-born. It was but lately that the reform of "note," denying all authority to the anonymous if such m the wish of the Tuileneu, Foerio, ScitJojo, the Council of State upon a new plan was an- pamphlet, expressing something like a regret that and al tber Neapolitan refugees at. Toxin,.take a dt-*- nounced by the official Austrian papers as the the present laws did not empower the Government ferent ew, and agitate in favor of ItaUim unity under keystone of the Constitution of Austria, but such is to check this sort of publications, but that the Min- Victor tmatu'el, in the hope that '• the logic of events"right well m the cause of order, were Inspectors Dun-can, Bendoff Dan Coffins, Jerry Noon, Young Salii-. support under it, and a slight scratch oi\ his Up, it van, Your-g Tyler, and'latt, but not least, Clarke of would never enter the head of any one that' he hadthe aversion to the Government, that neither in ister of the Interior has called upon the Minister of will,Hungary nor in Croatia, Transylvaniajor Venetia, Justice to look into the Bourse operations provoked' wichct f the Tmleriee.is there any respectable man to be found, who has by said pamphlet, and that a judicial investigation a name to lose, willing to accept a seat in that ol them will be undertaken.NAPLES, April 14.. hao probably misinterpreted the present feeling in either indifferent or too much interested in the light.. only a few hours before. Some suggestions have been .A st imjer has come in from Palermo jnet in time 'to . Spain, for whenheraised the Carliet flag he found but thrown out of getting a subscription for him, on pur- a)low. niy giving ihe reports-of two consu's. They j few adherents,- and was easily overpowered by Their names may be ascertained •by referring to our poee to present him with a golden belt;, and Bobspected,Iamunabletodiscover. Itwillsoonbe didundersimilarcircumstancesin.1848, sothatour enfo.'CtBAente,wbtntheycouldadvance,butnottill : buriedin"oblivion,justastheplanformunicipal accountsofwhatisdoingandhasbeendonesince then,(ft)thelactmoment,theintelligencearrivedthat\:\;j,.0;^ENGLA3Smi.'. organization has Jbeen forgotten and buried before the 7th of the month are very imperfect and contra- Mieeixc eri, tbe he.adqaurtorsof the insurgents, had.be.enit was introduced. dictory. One thing, however, has become certain, retake i |j by the troops, who occupied it. The insur-The swell mob were extremely busy during the fight, andnumerous gold watches were taken, eape- cially from American "strangers." Eight gentlemenpartisans of"" Government from the island.With our actual imperfect knowledge of the state of 'the case, to pretend to foresee clearly the endPie<im<|||i,Iwhich by its poBitioc and its dynaati;*. pressed at the conclusion of your article—namely, that tradtic)jis grasps )n her hands the fortunes of the Sub- Deei-an s American Bupporters " consent to the contestlast century could not understand-how the people who h/d been penetrated by the gentle teaching of Rous- «^Ushould shout with* triumph when the ckarrcttcatalked for ton minute* withnut some mention of the I lias cleaned the country of nearly every tend her action over the Peiijnenl^, and evoke the dor- in tnis connection deeire me to Bay tbat when a man in which"cannotneglect any subject of national interest,.imi the 39th round, he is considerjed to be beaten. In must be recorded like a debet* on the badgst or the Sd impede! combination and confidence among tnt. influence inthe Mediterranean from.that of Savoy •the verdict is given against the man whose conquered the 17th of April, 1860, is a grtat national even;, andand 29ice at the foot of the Alps. Austria, after the and hopeless condition requires tho'practical interposi- has be«u accepted as men by tho inbabi ante of twofortunes of war, confined within the-limit* of Venice, tion of such a sentiment. .' ' •" •' bcmwpberSB. For weeks the general knowledge of soci- >wy. Kapokonwiahed evidently to too* how/ar ests. For them, the annexation is a fait accompli, from;"1-':--- "*1 ; =•' 1-i- • +"-- feels at every moment that her ill-established power is In conclusionj I wish to say for myself that in the ety respecting «the noble art of M'f*de'en«6" b** beenAprfl 17,-1860.tf late 8© raioenly dMtarbed by that gw* of wind treaties. . ,T U R I N ,T l » calm has been restored in the political world, it as by an old right, suppressed by the Viennesesystei) i jin Naples, whose effect has been to estrange,of the aggrandizement of Sardinia, did not reclaim. jirees of England already, though inthe distance, aug-separate,! and in all ways sow suspi- gesi the necepsity of opposing to Fraiice a very differ- , short, wherever ''humanity'' justices such interference, Swies demonstrations agtinst France; for the'fight otii t$ the managers of the "National Italian Socie pi"—that the common watchwords are 4iIn< pendence-^-Unification," i. e.,j '" Italy andit should read " they kicked at and etruck at him,'' in- portant information and centers of the deepest interest. stead of "kicked and struck him " The portraits of the two ant»gonista in «tvery variety I send with this a corrrected copy of that report* and of etyl*, from tbe penny wood engravuigtotbe neatly- ever are, there is no reason to doubt. . The result But ... ijand yet more, Cavour,'mustwait until the what is the true interest of the people of your Majesty, if, you will Jay it before .the gentleman who prepared executed photograph, nave stared us in the face from shop-windWs for the last mouth. In fact, peoplowhich it was brought'about. > ..vunknpower she has lost, nevertheless has not Ihe ccurage torenouncetbe hope of recovering her dominions in Italy.IVor is it necessary that I should speak to your Majesrya few errors crept in which could not be' corrected for that edition, as rhad no time allowed me to either re- vfaemy manuscript or road its proof. One of thesestate of utter respectability, many of us were niraware that Ergland had a chamhion, or else thought that tho office was hereditary in tbe family of Drmoke. The public-houses in the repion of Sk Martin's tans andThe Nicene population have voted for annexationby an immense majority. The Opposition, to judge Victor|Emanuel!"—that Mazzini, sacrificing his by the very small cipher of. the minority vote, must favorjip ideas of detail, has been and-is one\of its havemainlyabstainedfromtheso-calledelection. mostactivepromoters; andthatCavouronlj That within this restricted limit of a yes or no-vote, 'and watches for-a chance to interfere in itsof the interest which the Northern,nowere take at, tins errors was the omission of the word " at" in the lastawaitthe election was as honestly conducted as elections favor. Garibaldi, at last tfccoiints, was at Genoa.undeniable that the material interests of Savoyards succ^ljd alone, but to stand alone.'a srong State in the heart of Europe—a guaranty againet the possible coalition of the Western Powers. In such and so great a conflict of political influence,in Savoy next Sunday will be similar. The truth is eclion has shown a certain ability—not ,to i n s u r eand what that of your dynasty? Sire, France and your ably-written accouit of ^Wednesday, and he will have, in Bpite of their better judgment, been brought toi,hat E ought the great towns on the nortnern coast ;me nt lit notedly in ihe hands of the Neapolitan &ov1 in Cen'rai Italy, prove stronger than theCouncil of State. - Not to avow the complete Our larger cause of excitement is the Sicilian say th %hu cif.y waB quiec, the shoos not open; and the Government troops. He was tried at Court Mar- last week's paper; we have not-time to enumerate failure of the scheme, the Cabinet will of course insurrection. The Neapolitan Government subjects they w on the 12th, the insurgents were in oacupa- tial, the Queen, who- only had power-of pardoning them. A worse ring rbr a Championship fight weBrettie, who has now the handsomest one in the woriqJtxpressea ahope that it will be carried out, as he win? immediately subscribe £2 toward one. No decision up to the time I am writing has been come to as to when they are to meet again, as Tom will have toproduceasurgeon'scertificate,astothestateofhis arm.AUBURK THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY.—The. Anniver- sary of this Institution occurred on Wednesday last. On the Monday evening preceding (April 30), the usual exercisea of the Rhetorical Society took place. Th« topics and speakers were as follow*: "A Christian Literature," Archibald Crawford New-Y ork; " T h o Heroism of Philanthropy," Corlis B. Gardner, Roches-ter; " Limit of ReBponeibUity," Hiram Hill, Kossuth,Iowa; "The Ideal Soholar—a Poem,'' John C. Long,try to catch some stray Hungarian' or Venetian at tion o| the neighboring p'aees except Monreala. him, refoeed to,exerciee^that power, and poor • Orteganever saw; but for this the spectators were in a great measure to blame for not following the advice we gave them; and sc-ating themselves at least twelve feet from thering. Allewambledtogetasnearaspossible,and thuswerethewell-diflpoBedconstablesmuchretarded in their duty."Vienna, and place him in the well-paid councilor's the news from there to a strict quarantine; it has Engag. ents occurred daily, in which losses, were m- was shot-for high'treason. ~ chair; but how this will make that institution re- drawn a sort of naval cordon about the island, as it cmrec Vither side. The troops were expecting re-[Eve. Post."official journal of Naples, that it was suppressed ccaat watched. It IBreported that bodies of voiun SIR: T am dea'»red to etate, on the part of Mr. John at one hotel lost their watches—one of them valued atthat the insurrection .is an extremely grave affair, gente, fn th^ approach of the troops, fired and. then"While Austria is the real sick man in Europe, and. not yet ended. The absolute aseertion of the retired! jCaBtsicioala has sent up to urge that the. To the Editor of The London Timet.Russia is becoming somewhat impatient that she t e e i s s|e landed, Home Bay at Cape Pasearo, other^s C. Heenan,lin answer to your report of this morning, £100. • 'Elitical rights, and the Czar is unwilling to have maintained by certain journals here and in Belgium nave i 1 bed extensively, bat the .odiutn of the people ring WS;B broken intd. On the contrary, he and his races commenced to-day, and discuBS the question of i authority diminished and limited. Thus the and Germany, was at the outset ridiculous. There is dir6 i d principally against the poiice. No per- friendp, nearly all of whom were grouped in a little the renewal of the 'fight. The referee has advisedMontehsjo:ii'e, are all underalrrest.believe." ; [London Globe. . ' From The London Time*. .fore the Alonini, on Tueeday afternoon, was by the Rev. Rufus W. Cusbmao of Orwell, Yt. On Tuesday evening, tbe Annual Address before the Rhetorical So-The jlbilowing hai been aaoreestd by the letterCount l[ Syracuse to his nebhew, the King of Naples: had iot that occurrence taken place, he would soonalpine ii-ople, and makes herself the author, of the "being considered a,drawn b-tile." Tbey, on tbe con-the means of reconciling the fixed fact of the cession against the insurrection is arrayed not only the new piMfefple, having cast aeide the old majaicipai trary, mmat thatWe fight., if not decided to be filre*dy pawed to the guillotine. So the representatives of re . AKOTHER MAN MISSING.—On Monday morning lastsanction; what they have to do is to consult upon would be pure pretense. We can. only say thatwith the msictenanee of Swiss neutrality. Suchforce of Neapolitan troops, augmented by large re-ideap,i|ji'"W""t"e"rn'at"oprofit-t''hispodticalconcop.-ti:q.n•-,.*-o.dJ won--yHeenan,ehallbeconflideredaaatillpending, spectability,refinement, progress,education,social pothe't* ji»i-waro her (rentier to the lower valle^ of the and subject tourenewal at the earliest possible day. science, and all the other ameliorating abstractions Po. B i;'.this rational principle naturally and oirecfiy Through a no e from the .referee, wh'ch now lien be- which are in vogue, will be somewhat disconcerted byMr. James F . Haleey; of No. 134 West Sixteenth street, left his home for the purpose of transacting some business in WUliamsburgh. Since that time nothing has been heard of him, and his family are in gr«at affliction at his prolonged absence. He had been sick for some months previous to his going away, andenforcements from the main land, but the more dan-pation in the Conference, laid down in M. Thou- gerous traditional hatred existing between Neapoli- reacts i; Europe toward thoee who help it, thoee who fore me, Ilearn he pas refueed a new arbitrament this tbe fact tbat two'great divisions of the Anglo-are reported to be the conditions of French partici-the Emperor's throne speech was the occasion ofjoy-fully received by hio wife at ICo. 748 Washinjftontans and Sicilians, so strong; it is to be feared, aa accept and theae who" submit to it.,- fcranoe moat de- week ^according to the usual custom), ' on the ground ' Saxon race have been worked to the highest pitch of- ' verel'B last circular. The text of that document is to prevent cooperation between the Liberals of the hire ihal hex labors aa protectress shatl not be lost, and not yet in French print. The text of his circular of two peoples. Some hope tfiat the withdrawal of so will be dways anxious-to increase her influence in March, 15 is: This is a brief .lexicological essay, many troops from the main will present an oppor- Italy, a| o in every way to prevent the loss of thoee addressed to the- German Courts, on the then mean- tunity for a Liberal rising in the City of Naples and advunta jesj which she haa ^derivedi from the bloodsad consideration of the system of killing, imprison-. J Pie"dwol d j.' Nice and Piedmont declare this openly upright and gallant Sayera and his immediate backers Archbiahop and a Chief Justice had met ou Tuesday»o much noise in the English Parliament, and of so ing, and exiling practiced with intermission for the ^JEngW too, while accepting tbe national develop- from axy/participation in the violent interruption of evening, we will venture to say they would cot have streetWhich 4 <j has shed, the gold 'he has laviaded, and theing of the word recendication, the use of which in in Calabria. But such hope is to be qualified by the import ce .which bhe has created for. her neighbor;- notice. Tie friends of. Heenan, while they acquit the may truly say, every class of the population, jjf toranged. Any information regarding him will bem.mJL^~2222£2*'RK' *2JSmoment in the steered fortunes of the peninsula, being hneof one of the cloaing rounds, when, In speaking Leicester square were then vaguely known as disrepu-ratherpleasedwiththanopposedtoiheformationof oftbeconductofthe-personswhobrokeintothering, tablehaunte,insteadofbeing,aSnow,soorcesofim-England, in order to neutralize each other's influence, point but any errors I have made therein, I will cheer- take anintereistio a pursuit usasJly. associated with thet.- '1:i<iand Nizzards will be benefited by the change of re- Twlkuount of Syracuse, uncle, of the king of would at last succeed in exercising here an action so fully correct it for perusal in America, moet ofteneive characters and the most vicious habits.gime, and that they will gain in'some other respects; Naplf & by Divine wrath, has written to oisneph6W vigorous aa to diBtnrb^ns'bly the peaee/>f the country • Very truly your*, Alltbi8 hsB been brought shout by the fact of aaas, for example,in a better civil administration, a leterjlin which he lays down forthatyouth's and the rights ofthethrone. Austria,whohasnot jtdelphiHotel,London,April19. GEORGEWIKES. Americanpug-JvtcomingovertofightanEnglishman.and in religious liberty, though they lose somewhat in political liberty. . 'benefif til complete political programme of monar- CDica^ilLberahBin;, urging him to relinquish'his. Aus-the etrength to recover her lost preponderance, and! •who would consolidate the Government of; your Ma- jesty wiih her own,\vould be more fatal to us thanREPLY OF THE REFEREE. . . •National rivalry an,d the curiosity regarding a singular epectacle have overcome in a day^11 the intellectual Therefewe, in Ms own.vindication, has published teachings of a generation. The fastidious pubbc of tb«Butthegreatgainisforthefutureandforothers trianIilpeas,toaccepttheprincipleofItaliannation- eitherJraneeor1Enghmd,holding,asshedoes,in the*followingstatementofhowandinwhat'manner reignofVictoriahaveforoncebeenoarriedbasktoinheritance and by marriage, by his sm- porriorsof the same conntry, eqnaUy free and eqnalty the latter got his knees on the ground and was lifted (fonvictions of sound policy and by his super- {ndependentof one another,> In this way only, by with- up again by the Boy, and again held, in his vicious fears for I tho salvation of his poor soul, he j drawing yourself from all foreign pressure, and by a grip. If this was the case, and we see not the elight- ,dare not! For him to follow it would be [ politicalun on with Piedmon*, will your Majesty DOable eat reason to doubt its truth, it is a fortunate thing for poleon on whom,' in times of old, they had be- quisition is no violation of the respectable Vienna, self-e >n}radicT.ion; illogical, suicidal. to act as tbe penerons arbiter of the development of Heenan that the referee was prevented from seeing,campaign, as his repeated declaration that the ac-stowed citizenship and the rank of a captain treaties. Even that bold Republican Jules Favre, • Ml antime, his chance of helping the Pope in their those civil, institutions which the renovator of our mon- for had he witnessed this act he must have unquestion Louis Napoleon had threatened the Rhine, or attreaties of 1815, but from the good will of that Na-policy for the last year, passed lightly over thistor ol the late French Republic, eloquent viiipenderNevertheless had the releree been present, he would preved, by quotation from Imperial proclamations give j|l&barpe's rifle'to Dr. Taylor, or the lowlier against the crown of Spain. Tbe incidents which \edc have Bad to do his duty, and no one would have moreand citation of known facts, that-Napoleon had not Chrii fit n of a country parish endow his pastor with to bis death are.interesting, as being one of the expir- done what he had promised for Italian liberty, and a jpoeielj pistol. 3inferred that he bad not done what he ought for •|JSt'e:j 'since 1835, has the state of Europe of- ing efforts of the Carhsts to revive those claims whichinvolved the Spanish Peninsula in a disaatrous andregretted this than"himself. We oinitted altogether to state that the referee' w i s only enabled to approach t^e riDg—after being'driven away—through the efforts of some of Heenan's friends.The referee further observes ofMr. Wilkes's version of the fight, and his direct imputation on him:'." That it was deliberate on the part of Our cotem- porary we do'not believe; but, as he has. not with- drawn, but only modified his observations, we are led to hope that be only poea by hearsay. Had he actual- lywitDeeeed what took place, he would have known that long before the 38th (it should be the 37th) round waa concluded, and while the men were on the ropes, there was a unive' sal ruah to the ring Bide, in which those who were seated were overwhelmed, the referee among the others, and utterly prevented from «9eihg what went on. The accusation of improper condact on the part of the referee, in leaving the ring, is so uijust,. and the direct imputation that ne did BOof his own free will, and not, as was actually the case, in tbe face of a force against which he and those around him were helpleea, is ao unjust, ano calculated to do such injury to bis character in America, that we, on hie part, and at his request, at once and distinctly deny the truth of the whole charge.' We do not insinuate for a moment that Mr. Wilkea intended to convey the imputation which appears on the face of the report, but hope, and are disposed to believe, tbat he was milled by others, and in the hurry of writing the report allowed words to escaps from hispen which he omitted to correct. That the ring was b'oken in by the friends of Sayers alone we also deny. We are eatiefied the police, who had been gradoally increasing in number, commenced a pressure from without, and being »ided by certain gentry, who wereHithe honor of France. • To, which Baroche only- fered mx[re interesting aspect to the vigilant stu-replied: " W e I. what befter for Italy did you dent M[passing history than ii offers to-day. I ain bloody war. •Republicans do in 1848?" •Ultramontane speakers nbt i (htjtle prophetic line, and do not pretend to see. For the last ten or twelve years there hasreaided at also criticised thje course of Government, defendedthemselves for their opposition and lauded the PapalGovernment, with considerable freedom of speech.This remarkable debate ran through two days, andwhat is more reiinarkable Was published afterwardat as much length as your Congressional reports.It is the fourth instance within a month of equallyfree discussions of Government policy being pub-lished. Does Napoleon mean to make the' world Coire«believe that he is; strong enough to bear free discus-sion ? Or does he really believe that he is strong |" GeiIi • *Ivoice for a liberal Government at home, and a bold enough to bear it ? , Or is he trying another of his reeol\ Garibaldi, seeing that the Italians of Nice have of tbe Spanish railroad?, and is altogether a most re- policy toward foreign countries. The Princes will numerous experments for solving the moat difficult up hiri dtoadop>tbe policy of abstention, has given. ma'kab'e lad-. 'not 1iKte:: to the men of Gotha, because they do not tbGe Itsign 6t reyhattng his nativetown, and gone" fear them. The Prince Regent of Prussia lacks the of problems (of whose importance no one is- more *J where JIB yesterday took pa t in the meetingenergy and] nnscrupulounness required to achieve »anxiously conscious than himself, on whose solution oi the i'ofltacal- society La JSftzione, and. accepted .the. not his safety probably, but that of his dynasty cer-' chairn. HI chip of the Committee for giving assistance the Union of Northern Germany. He isnot a Victor tainly depends), to wit, the problem'of combining a to the nitorg«ntwjof Sicily. This Sicilian movementBy birth a Neapolitan princesB, she became some thirty-five years ago theiourth wife of Ferdinand VII, King of Spain, and since then has been generally known as Que6n Maria •'Christina. She was, when she.married, young and beautiful, and readily gained a greater ascendancy over her husband than any of bis previous wives had done. She was ambitioas, atd as the King had no children, she natjuralJy de- termined that the crown should descend to her off- spring. 'Kfog Ferdinand and Queen Chjietina|had two children, but to the disappointment of the parents they were both daughters, ana as the • Ralic Jaw had been•Emanuel, nor is Baron Schieinitz a Cavour. Theyhate Austria for her bad government at home andfor her intrigues in Germany, and still they have notthe courage to form an overwhelming party against answer these questions in order, perhaps yes, pos- ernmt it, the interior .of the island and southern her pretensions. They declare themselves in favor sibly yes, probably yes. '• . . . mar.tiiifi towns have been occupied by the inaar-'!he insuperable difficulty that his Majesty has gtnis, vsho have established a. Government at of right and the Constitution in Hegeia, but the^vote to contend with in reconciling autocracy and de- Cortc4|a«i At Palermo the number of arrestsof Prussia is neutralized by Austria, and annihilated is iij |;edible; • even the Prince of Niscamiby the kioglings of Southern Germany. Just as in mocracy, Imperial ordination and men'B freewill, is could Hot escape prison, though his politicalrope either poeeeeeea or demands. Will your Majestydeign to receive these loyal words wiih the same be-nevolence as Tsincerely and affectionately declare my- " by throwing up the sponge, he advanced upon him- vival of tastes which it (was thought tbat educations^e imminent general ruin or bloody revolu- Rome, generally in the' palace of the Spanish Embas- iq inclined to think that neither one is very sador, in the Piazza d'Espagna, a portly lady, not ijt. But that retrogra'des and" progressists young, but still very handsome, with a keen black eye, kiirshalling tht-ir forces all over the Con- and a grace and elegance of manner which even her somewhat unwieldy degree of corpulency cannot dis- pel. She is a personal friend of Pius IX., a faidifui and devoted daughter of the Church, scrupulously•'•wII, if•t\TwI,i i'fj Iifir!'['II-IfI:i-i-m\ \is 'strikingly patent.ITALY.exact in her attendance on the ceremonial festivities of the Catholic Church, and withal &B shrewd a railway financier as any of the Wall-etreet men who dabble in Erie, Cential,.and Michigan Southern. She owns mosti deuce of The London Daily News.TURIN, April 16,1860.their.eldest daughter, Isabella. . ;In 1833 Ferdinand died, and Isabella, then only three yeaTB old.'became Queen, under the regenc* of her mother. Carlos,thebrother,who,bythe!Saliclav, was entitled to the succession, claimed his rights, and wi-h his paitiaans, composed principally of the old aria- tocrficy, prepared to; enforce his claim. The Queen Chvirtinagatheredaroundhertheliberals,and,sup- ported by England, successfully repelled tne Carlist party, and af-er euppressmg the rebellion, resigned the regency, Espartero. taking her piacc. In 1855, Don Carloe, after having come ten vears ago resigned incnlminating point at or about tee time naoied, whenihe ring' was broken in, spectators and all being .grad- *point, shows tbat there is indeed a soul of goodness insona 1n the United States were even aware of its exist- ence, for he has been very quiet since his father ceased his active efforts to reach the Spanish throne.By some means or other Gen. Ortega, unfortunatelyr o help for it. On all previous, occasions the pre- sence of dne policeman has bft?n sufficient to suppr »ss a mill, and it was only the great crowd, and the close- ness with which it was packed, that prevented the\HEENAN AND THE PKIZE-FIGHT.LETTER FROM MR. WILKES." fmed to award him the victory'Qiat belonged to him, shocked at tbe Outbreak of passions and the sudden re-11 very many even of t h e m ^ y force of tneir E^lf your aflectionate uncle,. "' in the midtt of his seconds, and atruck him where he bad banished from society. W e are asked how it is I instinct,- condemn him in ffieir hearts. . . . LEOPOLD^Count of Syracuse. . " sat:". This admission is tantamount to an acknowl- that such proceedings as those of Tuesday passed with-of humanity ;"bqt, while the friends of Mr Haenan excitement by the proepect of two half-naked mencannot object to Bnch a highly creditable motive, they pounding each other's countenances for BQine hours ki adisrlarm 4or him theTrequirepoent of any such considerr meadow. Tbe low, tbe disgusting, the immoral prac-at)on,, he being quite capable of responding to tbe tice of prize-flijtiting, aa we have been accustomed to, it is feared that he may have beoome temporarily de- orders of the referee, and will so respond at au hour's consider it, has suddenly resumed its interest for. wewww.fultonhistory.com•<w—-*.l<v*<"i*T-*;tt~tJL_„--., *:Iffi —••——-•'-—•«»" •••, -~.i-, y->A^wp^«*»'^^iH)>li^'^»i^v^w^(|;v^^i»V«**^*i.f"*m-w»»in'wiv«^/'t-TM^U']hv*Untitled Document'• r.'ST*^^%*;rtr?M-'T'r??'<^-'v*'*«,,,,N'Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StreetFulton New York13069 ivim-^m.^+HHAM*. 