 wifive drop* of the Olivo Tar on su»ar_night and morning, or oAeoer. when tlie cough is very tight. This treatment at once relieves, and the di*ea«e soon disappears. Sold at No. 315 Broedw ay, at 50 cents per bottle, and by all Druggists.TAUKER. BROS. LONDON CLUB SAUCE isjust the •xtdclelongneededbythepublictotaketheplace ofthe-many inferior Sauces which have enjoyed a monopoly, and been sold •Aexorfoitantrates;superiorandcheaperthanallothersinuse,the •xeat a*le it Is now enjoying is the boat test of its merits and pop- ularity. Sold by all respectable grocers, and by A. J. PAXKXR,No. IS Bcekman-st.GUERNSEY'S BALM is the best external remedyin existences—It give» Immediate and permanent relief in the •evecest eases of Neuralgia, removes all pain and inflammationin our first parents. In the last thirty years they have cured over FIJTY THOUSAND PERSONS,given up to die, and now their• REPUTATION IS ABOVE ALLother medicines whatsoever. Theyareapplicabletoall,agreewithall, andsure.todotheirworkwellbysearchingoutthorootofanycomplaint, however deep, and effecting a cure.Sold at 25 c«nts per box, with full directions, at No. 291 Canal- st., Brandretb Building, and No. 4 Union-square.lessees of the West Washington Market propertyCAPT. TURNER'S PRISONERS.No action has yet been taken by Government in•el ry*was warmly opposed, though it was sustained andthe bill passed. That section seems to u s obscurely Whigs there voted the Denicciatic ticket, and tho coueequunco regard to the prisoners captured with the Mexican Senate bill w a s that it only allowed settlements onSK*m\ti ^RJ 1Of irs•sit.*:•?r vtfiis tbey have IUU up the Democratic majority In 1859. then 112, to 700now. ' fN.Y.Exproas.steamers.claimany farther responsibility,andconsiderthe question as entirely in the hands of the Judiciary.alt jrrate sections. He was opposed entirely to speco- , !ationbytheGovernmentinpubliclands,andkeeping settlersapartonalternatesections. Inconclusion,he advocated the House bill, which favored the pros- perity of the country. T h e Homestead bill was not1 E•t-i FRIO*s>50,CoxPT.aTTc.GTAXAHTSJU>TOGIVKSATISFACTION.OFTICT AO. 48» BXOADWAT.FAXTfxa XOTHAVI.SO Vvi.t. AMOUNT ACCOMXOOATXI>« AoxsmiWA^TTXD.—Liberaloiscouotallowed. D.J.JL>xyr,Suj,t.<be highest Premium for fine Sewinx-Msohine work; also, high- est Premium at the Fair of the Franklin Institute, New-Jersey State Fair, fcc, fce. Agents Wantec, Office, No. 803 Broadway.WHEELER &. WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES.** W e prefer them for family use."—fTiibone. '«*Theyarethefavoritesforfamilie«.,,—[.Times.Oific*», No. 505 Broadway, New-York.STARR'SCHBXICAI.LT PxxPAKxn Gi.cx,For Family use. 35 centu per Bottle, with Brush. F ox SAI.K EYXXTWRBKX.ManufacturedandfortalebySTAXX Ohvs. CoxPAXT, Noi 51 Llberty-st.THEc n X A r r I I Iand'LARGEST EXOXAVIXO XVKX PUBU«HH>for * LLet all well-wUhem of theGOSFXZ. CAUMX,and Parents who desire to promotaTax Rxuoiora WBUAKK 'ofTxxrx FAXTUM,Buy the Great Pictureof CBXIBTAX»HWAPOSTT-S*.8 I J P A T - S C K D O I i L l X K A X T . TXX WAT TO XAISX OXB.We propose to sell our beautiful Engraving of Christ 'and his Apostles to Sunday-Schools at adiscount, so as to enable them lo xe*eU ta«m at the regular retail price ; and w e have alreadyfoondthat,ins>sohoolofafewscholars,sulfioient copies have m «so!d. from the profits of which has been raised a !largerarrofbooks.$4 SC wui insnre six Pictures, postage free.InofferingthU workof artat $1we'areconvincedthatitIsstrongand theRepublicans polled less than theirdue nominationsbeunexceptionable, ourunionperfect, SpecialDispatchtoTheN.Y.Tribune.11 5Si 1! ;:1ISuniting upon the latter.The vote was veiy light,FromWasliingtoii.B I!1- .SiFINKLE & L YON'S SEWING-IVIACIIINES receivedHenryB.Sheldon, Ch*ries A. Etheridge, L. Wilcox,WASHINGTON, Tuesday,April3,1860. THE ADMINISTRATION CORRUPTIONS.1 -tr"K M%it . Fiti!t- Jf •thanwereever tillIf iIBtTHE POLYGAMY BTX.Lri#The Polygamy bill has exercited the Demo<$rae> considerably since M r . Etheridgo's s p e e c h , ^ ,pff'>•-•: wftptaealttroymp?Pike's P« underth<Mr. power of of allki polygani} seize u;»< thecryoi ereigntypartsin was no w looking it'• He never or respect herself fo]eition to fa nothing the natior power in over tbe vereeit/1 and pnnts asserted f present ds was to an: poeaee«;.>nm. NC idea thatPolygamy exists at t! the reason manner pn which the. Legislative millions to we had bet increase OT afresh. Tllaw, whichof the peor - transfeir<a eke it so HB Mr. OLIvor of the offered toil to pass the case recogi govern the poeedby ti wasfotnd prohibitth: tered bis pppular so^ hadpeimi midstasa folly ofal Territories-•f r o m information received here hefore Miramoaadvanced to Vera Cruz, there is reason to believe tion inade yesterday, that there was no instancemyieotoBon Calcined Magnesia. •#•»'« A World's Fair Medal, and four First-Premium Silvar Medals, bave bf«» awarded it, as being the best in the market. For saleb y the Or .>?j$*u and country storekeepers generally, and b y t a e msAvfactor^r, TMOXAS J . HfSBAxn.Fhiladelpnia.t>weightandquality,thanitwasaweekago;and by the pound, for the net weight of beef, the asking pries w a s about half a cent lower. A n d salesmen declared that butchers would not buy at tbe reducedcertainthefactsinthecasebefore actingonthe bill; and it might be well to join the Corporation Counsel with the Controller in negotiating tho pro-morethanOneTJiousandmoiQthis week polled by any party for any candidate! Does any one reed to he told how this was-brought'but without o jjourn, which •. PernThis morni the vote on tl•mitted it to a reported the ] to inoorpoiatt was passed o1 exposition, oof the Senate Both House priationbillvToledAt the Mun publican ticke one Assessor, ©rage majoiit, t•toturnitsattentionnexttotheinternalconditionofourNew-YorkPoat-Ofiice.. Weheartilycommend onthesameside,•;^^:^ft:'-tfe^I*w> afterlegally aP^tpX^WW*'mrathis resolution. But if thisPost-Office isto^be looked which^^J^S^ff^ff^^df^ ^ P * was as high a^^fty^b^ueaud, • —- — —5S-|-George Tucker, R.woodward,Frederic SherwooJ, N. D. Mairs,S. S. Biumley, J.8.Winslow,'.every new Saucer- brought before t h e public seeks to establish itself o* tbe merits of Worcestershire Sauce, thereby giving un- WUHMT fe-timony to the unrivaled excellence o f " L X A St. P x x - xras' WOXCKWTBKSXIXX 8ATJCB."tion of weight of cattle, equal to another half cent. Therangeofprice*wasfrom7to10\cents&pouud net, but very few were SOW a t either extreme. T h e general price was 8 to 10 cents net a pound.There were over 3,100 head of bullocks reported,yesterday for sale, not counting the " Sunday cattle,"whichthisChristiancitypermitstobesoldanddrivenfchiD£. i8 io> and above-board.polling the/largest number of votes from a given numberofvoters,andhe hasbeen personallyin- structing his Connecticut brethren in the science. The New-Haven poll is the best sample of his work-which Congress had enacted a special penal ood*** hewillnotrepeat theattack now,asa regular operateintheorganizedTerritories. Theactof17»<*>.THWWX, April4,at13o'clock,atthe Mirichant's Excbange, N. Y.Cot.Hartford New-Haven! Middlesex Tolland Fairfield.... Litchfield.-- New-London Windham.v .. ..----._-.. 2,774Seyntour.8,150 3,218tfcfok even he will agree, on reflection, that no suchThe House Post-Offici Committee have nearlyunanimously'agreed to recommend the restoration of-mS I N G E R ' S SEVriNG-MACHiNES.'•-- -a%*v,»Des<!CB*dforall manuutotoring purposes, nobeless In its opera- Hen, very rapid, and capable of every kind of work. It is the beatmachineeverproduced. Frio* only$110.sulted in the success of the Soft Democracy, Edmund Driggs being elected Collector of Taxes aud Assessments. Bernard O'Neill Commissioner: >*.-^SSSJlM-'A'.- .•(- -.D'-iI\fitox / ZTXOBAUAMUX,our impression this morning, is a masterly deline- been equally effective in argument there as in Con-necticut, while the opportunities for polling illegalsteps to bring this matter before the House, iu or- der to compel Mr. Schell to produce the paper in question.•-within the Jeach of wvery Minister of the Gospel. Twelvecentsrequiredtoprepay. AddteuDATTOX k. C o., American and European Engraving Warehouse,No. 37 Park-row, New-York. —•-a— '- •! - •"'• ———I.I-^ • iii—i•FEMALE DISEASES.A isr.-e proportion of the female sex suffer from some irregu- larity Inthe menstrual secretion. All suob sufferers, whether from suppression, excessive flow, or painful discharge, can findsorjrand permanent rolicf in the well-tried PXRUVIAX Srxtrpwhich acts in such cases almost like magic^y-/ Nxw-Bxr>roxo, Sfarcb 5,1858. IGX5TX.XXXX: I have used the Peruvian Syrup for years, with the most gTsrJfjine success, far Dyspepsia (various forms), Chronic Diarrhea, General and Nervous Debility, Nenralgia, E r y s i p e l a s , a n d v a r i o u s d i s e a s e * o f t h e s k i n ; a l s o , f o r C h l o r o s i s ,worth answered the fool accordingto his folly, man." Other distinguished speakers followed, and the moetinjc wasCabinet.sage is necessary after such development.Mr.WILKINSON(Rep.,Min.)saidthatheregarded the amendment just offered as not of any value, and, so far as he was concerned, h e would'rather not seei,•present, and the prices have been fixed at the LOVCBSTTOSSIBI-B 7IUUKX. >E. V. HArenwouT ic Co., Cor.ofBreadwayandBroome-it.REQUISITESFOR THB TOILXT.MRS. S. A. AXUCN'S WORLD'S HAIR DRBsanra," Mr. Wood leaves in the boat for New-York to nigbt. It itnow conceded that he hat carried tlu State. The Republican* ject of confining the investigation within technical any Homestead bill than one with such a provision in••They are not the boys t o surrender Sixty t o Eighty Millions pei^ annum and Sixty Thousand desirable officeswithoutastruggle.prffportion, sothatthechance ofcarryingthecitywas thrown away. Of the Aldermen elect, 7 are our organization effective, and our exertions such: i••s>virtually concede the election of Seymour. Three cheers for Connecticut!" ,it. I t was known that whole townships h a d been en- limitsand protesting againstafull inquiryis now tered, settlements oppressed, and the:Government•it, and the second examination next dayr when he The House of Representatives yesterday con- tour of Connecticut with him, and daily sounded proposed a written substitute fox his testimony ofOn motion of Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.) the bill pro- viding for the adjudication of the claims of the Rhode Island Company against Paraguay, by the appointment of a Commissioner b y each Government, to sit in Washington for three months, in accordance with treaty stipulations, was taken up and passed.Mr. JOHNSON Pern., Tenia.) wanted the Home- steadbill)takenupandpressedtoafinalvote. ItWMwm2,003 6,117 4,362 5,385 1,116 maj.1,623 monize on the Territorial question—that the Suqat- new offices, let her Municipal authorities call for Ways and Means w5U, there is little, if any, doaht6,326 report an appropflitlCH Of ftT*y thousand doUirs p<£^blackguard to Mr. Farnsworth of ILL Mr. Farns- of refinment and intellect. It was worthy the cause and the their testimony to suit the necessities of him and his paeeage of the law.jtteirct***3Ktofci««s3CHTLimrar's FAKCY; HATS.ETWrraie, April 4, at the Pobtechnlc !*»&*»**>** £L ^TM*v- who are in favor ofofiicers selected upon the ^truly ^ " K t TATIT*principle,«eearnestlyinvitedtoattend.Prominent speakers will address the meeting,* " • • ,f" . Afii<Mii.8'ull^^^6y^y3ew*^^ije^ attentions. If the Houseshouldadjournoverduringtheweekofthe iowbedeclaredvalid-«8fc * * • --^rel*ve>* ej»e»«Ia ne*\aeleet, and beautiful awortinent of MMmln»MMteuid manufacture, oompruriug every de*irnblehorn., Tf Buckley, Thomas* » £ $ ! S 2 2 *Kepnbllcan National Convention..CHICAOO, May 18. Republican State Convention......STRACUSE, April 18.TO CORRESPONDENTS. NonoticecanbetakenofAnonymousCommunications. What-ever is Intended for insertion. must be authenticated by the nameandaddressofthe writer—notnecessarilyforpublica-tion, but as a guaranty for his good faith. WecannotundertaketoreturnrejectedCommunications Business letters for THB TRIBUNE should Inall cases be ad*State, however, seems to be that the whole Repub-well spend part of that weak in this City as else-i*IAwItl>fton«nrtitttffrrn,tadfarnfaheainthemoitappropriateaaa-«T^~«2—ortaM*ofBOTS'andYOUTHS'HATSand C***, I^»«a» » » » « HATS; *©., fce.WAJUCOOXkCo.,Hatten, No. 519 Broadw»7, St Klofcolw Hotel.OHEOFTHELANDMARKS.—WhileBroadwaydivide* the city kMtgitn&Ballj, and is the great np and down- t o w n t h o r o u g h f a r e , K n h o B - » t . o u t . i t a t r i g h t a n g l e s , a l i t t l e b e - lowtbeP»rk,andIsthegreattruunrwraethoroughfare leading from river to riT«r, and afiording the shortest route of communi- cfttiosbetw««nBrooklynsadJerseyCity. Atthejunctionof thesetwogreatarteriesoftravel,isthemagnificentHATEXPO- xnm kept by Karox, who is already ia fall blossom with his Spring stales.——iThe ESPENSCHEID H A T this Spring has exactlyhit the popular taste. In hearty and brilliancy, nothing exceeds thissup*rbfabric. ItissnperlatiTefoUytepay»4forabatin Broadway, when a a w e beautiful and a finer one can be had atNo, 118 Na<a*«mu-*t. for $ 3 £0.SEE THKADVERTISEMENTinanothercolumnofUda paper of GKKAT SAL* of KJUI. BSTATB in Brooklyn, to close lb* estate or Ecward Kellogg, deoeased.licanticket iselected.NooneevenpretendstoFIRE-PROOF SAFES.......*ffjy %jt*.w^ng^M.ai-hijf>-• 3P^-f y ^ r ^•^g^nff'MfsWihi'sMk «%*•••***•••*«>••«.»*•••$ 1007 5 6 0Total..--.. • • • • • « « * 37,615 Buckingham's majority in the-State.36,941 forward walk over the course. Connecticut dis- quirer) hftS woen transformed from a folio sheet of the dispatch from St. Louis, cnarging that hehad-m<*Zk**i&*£'L X. 8aMX3t k. Co., No. 458 Broadway, N. Y. No. ISOFulton-st.T Brooklyn.GROVER A BAKER'S NOISELESS F AXIL T SXWIMU MAcauras.TBXBSST DTUSX.No. 495 Broadway, New-York. No. 183 Fnlton-ct., Brooklyn.SINGER'S SEWING-MACHINES. Ax Ejmxx Nnw SIILX.speechintheSenateyesterday. Itwasonthe known. TheShamDemocracywiUnotquarrel Harding,sonofJesperHarding,itsfounder,and billbeadoptedbytheHouse,thereisreasontobelieve•'•••the line will not be built for years to come, as the at Charleston—they love the " spoils of victory" moderately Republican ia iti politics. W e trust capital to insure its construction -will not be supplied. spokenstatementoftheprincipleswhichunderlie toowellforthat—ataUevents,wehavenoreason andbelievethatitscirculationwillberapidly Itwillcostprobablyfrom$800,000to$1,000,000,be-immmthat great measure. Read o u r report in another column.to suppose they will.The strongprobability is thatdoubled, trebled, quadrupled. I t is now the most attractive daily issued in the Quaker City.THE LATEST NEWS, RECEIVED B YMAGNETICTELEGRAPH.side large sums annually to keep it in working order.XXXVITH CONGRESS. FIRST SESSION.SENATE....WASHrsoTOK, April 3 1860. Mr. GREEN (Dem., Mo.),frcm the Territorial Com- mittee, reported bills organizing Arizona and Colorado. Healsoofferedapreambleandresolutionssetting forth that William MediiJ, Controller of the Treasury, had violated the practice of the Department in settlingtbe Post-Office accounts, and also the laws, and had therefore justly incurred the. disapprobation of Con- gress,andthatbisconductrendersitimproperforhim longertocontinueinoffice. Laidover.. *• ;'••--The Brooklyn Charter Election yesterday, re- the most desperate fight of the last half-century.fWFamllY^wlng'>fi«?HlTif)* »M »*from $ 8 per annum to $6, o r two cents per copy. Itisaveryneatjournal,publishedbyWm.W.ar d intimating that their expenses will be paid. IftheproposedamendmentstothePacificTelegrap*EUREKA SEWING-MACHINES.On the other hand, the result proves that, astheyare,weareyetstronger. Onlyletourcemyimfnt*generally. In the last class of complaints particu- larly, I have found the medicine to have great power, and tot Boil* X consider it an infallible remedy.New-Yprk:eleanse thoroughly the hair and scalp, to remove any harshnessunbalanced. We btJpcoJt hia uorvioee for Rhode summoned, and if they tell half they know, rich the Homeetead law, lacked force, and did not reachdabfllty 'or want of vitality. Sold.Wholesaleandltetail,byN.L.C&AXX&Co.,Proprie-tors. No 439 Broadway, and by aU Druggists. Pamphlets bad onapplication.WATCHES AND JEWELRYRHODE ISLAND holds her State Election to-day. W e have before u s three d;fferent ballot: print-d fresh, but will give it a permanent place among the for and doubtless intended to be' voted a t this Elec-The Connecticut Election h a s disappointed a n dchagrinedbothwingsoftheDemocracy,besideup- pectivecitizens—thosewhocomehereafter. HedidB. A. CH1X.TOW, Auctioneer.provisions ought to be adopted. If our City needs themail to the steamship Isabel, and the Committor ofSTMAXXB ic MLmrxv,No. 10MUHRAT-ST.N. Y.3,829 ter Sovereignty m e n a n d t h e Southern clamorers them. But she cannot need any such litter as this. annum for her mail service between Charleston andI. M.Surewn &Co., No.458Broadway,N.Y.ofRepairsandSupplies,andCharles Tierney Street Commissioner, both wings of the DemocracyH. K. Poxter,i: .. theUtgheetMedalatthePairoftheAmericanInstitute,with EugeneEllery, JamesB.Bach,Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.), from the Committee on asbefitthemagnitudeofthestake,andweshall Mr.AugustusSchellappearedbeforeMr.Co-ForeignAffairs,reportedabilldefrayingtheex- (RepDi.)•••X-J. rf» '•'••.•1,*•sDuriu?Ofalldescriptions;also,SILTXXandPLATEDWAKE,forsalehy G. C. AZJLKX. No. 415 Broadway, one door below Canal-st-. Brooklyn, says^ American Republican Ticlcet:Conservative Union Ticket: For Governor (&c, same as above).Democratic Convention Nominations: ForGovernor(&c,sameasabove).triumph of the People, either through the passageof the Assembly bill to. repeal the act of 1851,whereby the Railroads now consolidated into theCentralworerelievedfrom thofurtherpaymentofCanal Tolls, o r b y some equivalent. T h e demandof the Senate that, in case of the re-imposition ofCanal Tolls, the Central shall be left free t o chargeeuchratesoffareasitshallgeefit,seems.clearly Mr.Bartlettisthepresentincumbent,andagoodformerly No. 11 Wall-at. *W tohes, Clocks, and Jewelry cleaned aand repaired in the best manner, by the finest Lor.donand Qettwrx workmen.For Governor....For Lt.-GovFor Sec. «Stafe...JoHirE. BARTLBTT, of Providence. For Atty. Gen'l.. W AL TKK S. BU£.OBS, of Cranston. J5"or Gen. Treat.. SAMUEL A. PAKKBR, of Newport.rates.WM. R. PRINCE & Co., Flashing.SPALDING'S PREP ARED GLUE.CATHARTIC PILLS.—Reliable medicines for Bilious attacks, Dyspepsia, Sick-Headache, a n d all kindred diseases. Sold b y all Druggists, principal offioe removed to N o . 208 Broadway, corner of Fulton st.DR. MARSH continues to apply his RADICALCURB TRUSS with success, in effecting permanent cures of Her- nia o r Rupture. Ladies waited upon b y a female in private rooms. Also, TBUSSRS of every kind for permanent re- tention of Rupture, Bathing Trusses, Supporters, Shoulder- Braces, Suspensory Bandages, Silk Elastic Stockings, Knee-Caps,Anklets, a n d a ll surgical applianoes scientifically applied, b y MAXKX k Co.. No. 2 Vesey-st., (opposite St. Paul's Church) N.Y—Which of these three tickets is expected to lead, we do not know; hut they all together ought to poll a pretty heavy vote, especially as Mr. Sprague, who leads them, is worth some millions, atthe head o f t h e largest business o f the State (calico- printing), and it is understood that the canvass has cos^him and his immediate friends over $100,000.Mr. Wade called up the Homestead bill in the subdues them. In this respect w e should adopt apolicy older than the nation, that public lands are not Senate, with notice that ho should insist on its con- sold forever. He would have the Government extend"""STODART PIANOS."New-Y orkers. with,for his nomination.Our friends are much rejoicedThe OMMt reliable Piano, and pronoancod b y the. Profession »odover15,000 families whohave them in use, THKBXSTIx- STXexxsT now made in the United States.Warereoms, No. 561>Broadway.LARGE ANDSUPERIOR TREES, CHEAP.—Theground being wanted, w e will sell some thousands o f large Fmic Tr«i* and iargd JBv*rgTeen and other Trees, at very lowseem t ob ea twisdom, and it was the duty of the Grovernment at the result in the Legislature, thus securingthe so to use its common property &i to promoteUsxrtrx. ix XTXXT HODBX.TOTl SAX.X EVXXTWBXXX.MaBrtfeetwrod by H . C. SpAi.nzx« fc Co., No. 43 Cedar-st.FosOOmce address. Box No. 3 600.BARRY'S TRICOPIIEROUSsideration until disposed of, to the exclusion of all other subjects. H e succeeded, after some diffi-this proposition to the working masses of this country —theywhosooften arestruck down in thecontest between capital and labor. Another objection he hadIs tSe best and cheapest article for Dressing, Beautifying. Cleansing, Curling, Preserving, and Restoring tbe Hair.liberal than that reported bythe Senate Committee,made the order, so that the question now stands properlyforatestvote.TheDemocraticmajorityunmarriedmen,foritwouldthuscatoffalltheearlier„ For s«le by Druggists and Perfumers.THISISTHETIMETHEYAREREQUIRED.— just.Buttoacceptagrosspaymentfromthefrom tho worst Bum, Scald,or Bruise; 25 cents a bottle.Depot,market in Forty-fourth street, this,week, did not offer anythingtomakedroversfeeljolly. Wethinkthethe Speaker that our Corporation Counsel has pro-him 3,220—some 400 more than were ever till now^L.- Mr.KEingo. 217 Front-st.|•Abolitionist, was especially struck at, and lost someRepublican votes. The prevalent impression in the Charleston Convention, t h e Committee might a sZ0 $><{?, mffmmVk h--*i ^•xrHft-r-lfe'.M*^M^L—.*7,105 :;.'•November. Tbey hold that our adversariescannot har-•••0 T^»S^^^^&•• WEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, I860.ffims&wBROOKLYN MERCANTILE LIBRARY ASSOCIATION.toratifythe IimrpminiaWf NOMJKATXOW*,run ffi**££ggtt. d <.undeis1'gneJd, friends ofthe AssociaUon, unitot ^sJnndei'r «-»—»- -*••»."A««ociation, uniteintnwoau.. .JamesBell,Smith Fancher, •*.%*. Wm,F.Paitiidgo,F . M. Myers, HenryHIll,Wm. H. Dunbar,E. W . Vanderhoof,J. W . Atwater, JoslahH-Abbot,John J. Marvin,W . R u s h b o r n e , C.Ptrish,B. E. Clark, A.W.Lergett, JobnA-Flske,M. F. Hsgen,F. W . Taber,Wm Stanley,H. A. Merrich.-Arnold A. Lewis, A.L.Brown,Aug. De B. Hughes, HenrvA Moore,A. C.'Woodruff, A.L.VanBuren, R. D. Nichols, Wm. C. Sheldon, J.M.VanCott, A. D. Polhemus, Alex. McCue,L. Y.Clarke,R.H. Williams, Samuel T. Hubbard, Charles H. Clark,' John Ellerly,W . R . Cusack, John W . Carrinstcn. Richard Ellis,Rufua Crook,O. H. Thome,'F. M. Breece,J. Carpenter, Benjamin F . Stone, J.Hayes,, Ira H. Kelso, Wna.A.Joy, FinleyB.Tapp,D. L. JLambeit, George L. French, JamesSack,Stanley Williamaon, Henry S.Willis,D. W . Seward,Wm. Sborer,R. W . Swan,James C. Doty,N. H Oakley, Thomas H. Stacy,5. J . McKenzie, Hoi» ard C. Cady, Rodman B. Dawson, David Macoman, CharlesL.Rothbone, George T. Finn,W. H . H. Wilcox, J. C. Nicholson,C. T. Why brew, James Rogers, Wm.H.Adams, JamesNapier,G. Blanchard Winslow,E. S. Finney, A.M.Coffin, E. H Dix, WmF.Coo,PeThapseverythingisjustrighthere,and advantageofallconcerned. -Thomas Ensign, James H. Thorp, Alden J. Sp>oner, Wm. W. Mead, Alfred Wicks, Jobn J. Marion, Wm.R-Sharp, Wm. Colt,B. W. How,And many ethers.Democrats t o t w o Republicans, and of the Super- visors 11 are Democrats to 8 Republicans. 7H E N R Y H . V A N D Y C K w a s yesterday reelected State Superintendent of Instruction by the flatter- ing vote of 101 to 33. H e has been a faithful and upright efficer, and has richly deserved this ac-penses of the Japanese Embassy on their arrival in the beat them in November. CONNECTICUT shows vode's Committee to-day, and refused distinctly to country.that the stresgth is really with us, if we husband andexertit. Wecanb*atthemjbutitwilltake us all to do it, and it will be all we can do a t that. Let us organize at once for the struggle and the victory!ypirao D E D I T ?One of Mayor*Wood's trumpeters who madethev said Johnvillaniee. Mr. JE51SO?" Mr.FAE Mr. JES Mr. FAJopition. Mr. JEN Mr.FA?acendingin TSensation. Mr. JES I can't receMr.VAl the bill bac Utah estal without h( yropoeed U ganizedT< policy of th todelegate all rightfulcivil, resen approving been for m doctrine cf beenasdi mentmeasr Clay's repc|>eendistincias Nebrasl •ofIegislstio late their <subject onl the. sett'e^ • the Demt . -upon a difdomestic ins such, entitle warned genl not understa Step would other " reli• cause he de b e c a u s e i t •* the Govern lateforthei would voteMr. T E J merely was what" mad< statutethe1 vote money yhflm anil . voteforit. worse than contempt,solution o f Me was1 mines'of Cs: Peak affordpolygamy, into tw o ia Utah equail] ofsuchana Buchaselfcc one, he said,allow a moi also decla:o< more TerriU Wrarglin:: J more protiraMr. K E I naked, Decs was there h tent "legislaneed.M. NELS«read, an ext Mr. KE11himenthes Mr. STEVJudges first the tact of p enjoyed a p -tirctly their r atedvcryhai cesrive laughMr. KEIT: the extract rt Mr. MALL fact, he. wool Mr.KEITl ous intercomapply to that* Mr.HELL Mr. KEin.amy is Repub Mr. HILL asked a SeEatpublican, and Mr. KEITBean tMr. HLLI^ Mr.KEin Mr.HILL--exhibit gains for the Sham Democracy.Thiselectionheaptwolessons. Thefirstisone "byandwiththeconsentofsaidBoard ofPolice JudgeCradlej>augb,ofthatTerritory,isnowinWa*i-'Republican.Outeide of the few but populous localities where-in the heavy Naturalization told against u s, there isnochangefromlastyear. Thevoteisheavier,but City. BeinggotupbythePoliceJuttcea,wepre-deterredbythepoliticalperplexityofconcedingtieTHE SECRET O F HEALTH.BY ONBWHOHASTRIBDIX.Let all who would avoid the woes Of catching cold and sneezing—The nameless horrors of " Black-dose," The pain and grief of wheezing;Rheumatic anguish, swollen throat, These plagues that come together—PcxcHAsx at SMITH'8 a new SPKINO COAT, JUST MADK TO SUIT THX WBATHBB!The styles are riolu-ihe prices low, There's gless andwarmth about them;Whoe'eratpirestobeaBeau, Cannot be one without tbem.BothWAXandBOYshouldmakeanote, And call at SMITH'S together,knowledgment of his worth.served three jears, a u d is now reelected for three more.the Cabinet, between the period of his first exam-ination, when h e admitted having this list amonghis papers, a n d expressed a willingness t o submit be made by the President.ural gloss that are requisite to render the human hair perfectlyHalf-Pint Bottles, price 37* cents. Mrs.S.A.Atusx'sWOXLD'SHAIRRBSTORBRI* SOT A DYB, and will not soil or stain.Tbe only reliable and harmless preparation that WILLrestoregray bair to its original youthful color.TheRev.J. W^BBST,No.6Washington-place (Pacific-st.),tration, that will not only cause it to be read with delight while the remembrance of its subject is st!U" I am happy to bear testimony to the value and efficacy of this preparation et MM. Allen's, in the most liberal sense, and also thankfully acknowledge the use of it In curing my baldness and grayness."Be sure to get the genuine, with " Mrs. S. A. Allen" signed in BLACK ink, to the directions, and in KSD ink to the outside wrappers.Circulars and wrappers copyrighted, according to law, and Mrs.i*» ;.WILLIAM SPKAGUK, of Providence. J. RUSSELL EULLOCK, of Bristol.S. A. a u x s ' « WORLD'S HAIR RBSTORBR, Nww-Yoik, blown on large bottles.35a Broome street,re-election ofMr. Foster, one of the most esteemed members of the Senate.THE HOMESTEAD BILL.W. H . Trafton, W m . A . W o r k ,J. W . Drake, 'J.P.Robinson, C.B.Wyckofl,d r e s s e d t o H O R A O R G R K R L B T &. C o .i — —p o r t a n t c h a n g e s i n t h e P o l i c e j u r i s p r u d e n c e o f o u rc o m p r c m i s i r / g t h e m s e l v e s b y a v o t e i u c o n t r a d i c t i o n ,Andrew Boetrdman, Qeo C Robinson, S. D. Partridge, Edward H. Brown, J. W . Moore,Wm. E . Pine, HenryE.Brown, Edward C. Billings, F. W . Bover,B. G. Nen* J.H.Tiumbull, Frank Maguire,E. H. KelTogg, Charles P. Cnampion, Charles E. Williams, W. S.Gove,Robert T. Thome, Cbazles H . Maivin, Charles T. Carlton, E. H . Thome,J. Ogien 'Smith, E. F . Martin, Foster Pettit, Stephen B. PeWit,James W. Hagan,FORD,Connecticut._^theproportions remarkably well preserved. The cities and a few large manufacturing towns aloneD. Stanley.J. H. Stanbrough, George C. Heath, S.C.Baldwin,S. M. Wbittlesy, LeiJhtonChristie, J. E. Tncker,E. V . Hotobkiss, John G. Clayton, jr., P.O.Sanma,Jobu F. Tandy,A. H. Long, •W . J . Hutchinson, J. H . Demarest, Thomas CaitwrigUt, B. J. Suoh,Geo. W . Bamett, Geo. C. Crolius, C. P . Gilpin,W. H. Coney,H. J. A. Clark, S.S.Wood, jr., A.M.Cahoona,Edward P. Half, John J. Hannahs, Frederio Wells, Andrew Henderson, Jobn Winslow, WilliamR.Blisa,EdrarS. Hicks, A. R. Djett,Wm. N. Wicks, John Flleby, Eenjamin Carey,J. B . Wass. JamesHow,jr.,S. Hubbard Clarke, Alexander Hudnut,..674 Mr.WilkinsonofMinnesotadeliveredhismaidenproves all this, and shows, that the approachingPresidentialcontestis to betheseveresteverinto'a quarto like onr own, and reduced in price written a letter to Springfield. Illinois, urgingthe Cook delegates to attend tae Charleston Convention,-^they will meet us in perfect array, a n d will give u sSANFORD'SLIVERINVIGORATOR and FAMILY andthePeopleintheHouse. WestillhopeforaThis was the H e maiutainec'Ladies, try it.HORATIO EACLF, No. 254 Canal-st., Rooms of iLilnenza, Sudden Chills, Coughs, Fevers, Consumption, are all Railroads iu.place of tolls, would be suicidal, as itRepublican.and Parker a South American, as is Sprague, if he the Senate as a substitute, which curtails the be- the hardships of pioneer life. The young men wereThe American Gas-Light Journal, New-York,Agent for the sale of Cxrnx COAX-OIM and PXTROLXTHO, GAJS and OtXrCOALS, Sir,., kc.Rxrixxn COAL-OIXS of all descriptions.cured by the early *ue ©fBRAJTORXTH'S PILLS, whose use places the body in the beat possible position to resist all impressions of disease.will reject the House bill, and then adopt that ofneficent object of th e measure. M r . Wilkinson's go where families cannot go securely; their clear the'j&M.'.n axeemivaled.Tbeyarelight,easy,durable,andfittoachirm.onlyBRASDBXTH'KPILLSinsickness.Theyactonlyonim-they will not claim the success of this ticket as a City of lands outside of and adjoining the City party triumph, but we do not believe them. Theyspeech was able and effective, and produced a very favorable impression.THE CLAY MONUMENT.forest, cultivate the soil, and fnnrish greater protection than all the army. They lav the foundation for future - States. H e wanted the bill as broad for them as the - preemption act in this respect. By this bill the hardy pioDeer is entirely disregarded. They have to pay:/sm m*% •jm >»»-%mfti.plimits, as fixed by the Charter of 1730, excited a ripple in the Assembly. The main provisions of theW H O O P I N G C O U G H . — F o r this distressing disease ODlyof children, apply J. R- STAyyoxD'* OX.ITX TAR to tbe tbroat TOXIC PURGATIVB KNOWS, (given verbatim in our correspondent's letter) au-are certain to fool some Two Ok Three Thousandmoderate Republicans into voting this decoy ticket,yet we hope the straightforward Republicans, sup-porting SETH PADELFORD, will prove too strong•Noahiickixgnorturningupbehind. BATCHKLOK'XflAiftDm, the be; I i c the world, the only harmless and relable DYK known. Apply at tbe Factory, removed to No. 16 Bond-.t.puritier. The stomach is not excited more than is needful, be-cause tbe Pills are composed of those vegetable substances which109 years' experience has proved never to injure. Tney are the bill seem to have excited no objection, but a section[-iti••. -.• ;- :. •••<r .- , I% ,••i•BATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE, WIGS, and TOUPEESOne hundred years of vigorous life would be our lot if we usedD'zziness, Swimming Feeling in the Head, Bleeding of the Nose,Burgess, w e believe, is ar Democrat,settlers, who were single men, and who underwent alland oheet, and iub the spioe with It at least twice a day, and give •sd drive out all foul humors and res' ore the health to wh»t it was thorizing the Controller to settle with the^ State's for them. W e can tell to-morrow.day, to erect tho monument in honor of Henry Clay, propored a t the recent meeting of citizens.get homes free. I t was not common fairness that this class ehoukl b e ignored. H e also objected to the . clause excluding the foreign population, and the clause allowing only the lands Bubiect to private entry t» come under the provisions o f the bill. I t would be in- operative in his own State. His last objection to thenonncedthejudgment.againsttheCityjustandla free tiova unpleasant taste, and three time* the strength of tbe piice of bullocks was from $7 a head lower, according valid is news to us. We trust the Senate will as- the Shams have now given Seymour 3,905 votes-m•. .JOHX DrscAx It Sorra, No. 405 Broadway. Sole Agents for the United States.J . B . BURDSALL'Sv. ,AXXXCALrxTxxxT/COIYIVECTICtJT. •The recent efforts to break th> Republican lino manship afforded in the State; but Seymour'ssiege w a s never contemplated. H i s plan w a s t ecarry the city and fortification by a daiing assault,which the intervention of our ships of war, acting inconceit with Juarez, defeated by capiuring his am- tbe local law. He admitted that polygamy is a greattow, by8cxixxrxxrx, BXOTXXX. k. Co.; Nos. n o »nd 173 Wilhttm^t.which have made a journey to Pike's Peak and back,nando Wood or either Brooks.correspondence.THE CALIFORNIA LAND CASE.HUSBAND'S CALCINED MAGNESIAgiventherebyanypartyforanycandidate.ButCONSUMERS O F SAUCE will please observe that rates without a concession in their favor in the estima- posed Compromise. Let us be certain thatevery- about? Fernando Wocd is master of the art ofACHXSAxnPAIXSihat hmnan flesh is heir to, it is without equLRHXCXATUX, Bitouxa. sintAnra. l-is^thel^orBr^^SoreThr^kc^Sito a fow _-.through the city on the Sabbath, The general averagequality of the stock in market is very much better than Money never flowed so freely in any former State left the banks of the Shannon and the Liffey, somestanced? Thegreatcauseofour troublesisthatthe little destruction of life. The commander of the Mormons have been intrusted with the execution of French fleet, who had addressed him concerning the, laws which they have constantly disregarded. AsHILL'SHABRJDYE, 50cents,Black or Brown.infal- AUoTr<mttabl^HTlx^CgTTixg at No. 1 Barclay-at.MasonCampbellofBaltimorecOticiudedhis^argu-Ofthestateofthemarketyesterday, itwasgener- perpetrated. Theinfluencesof"Southerntrade," thattheCovodeInvestigatingCommitteeproposes mentinfavorofMr.Boltonin.thegreat Ci»wa willsoonreceiveanaooessiouofatleastfifteenwwo)»an abundant crop of corn, but the stock is generally ofagainst ,them till Election,was worked with utter recklessness u p to Saturdaythe capture of the Mexican steamers, in offensivewhich lovergoftenderbeef.improvedtheirqualityfortheh a sn o tmuchFraudulent unknowninConnecticut—wasiargelyplannedandagayoraHBenjamin 1 Mayoiby mF< New-Ctrec majority of Ithe vote for I tidedbetweeally considered dull—the butchers were not present in gwat force, nor did thoce present seem at all disposed tobuyfreely, Theconsequenceisthatagoodportion.1.saidPJke'aPf^58otherwayCARitdojusticetothesubject.IftheDanielteingftheeat.•';:£hw$s$timtaehol^ewfcxamhiSilonla^atledhlm thatthenumberwvUfee *W%y?ki& vj> :;'*:-::'•>;>%Mr.A.RosaisagentforthosaleofTHKTRIBUNE,inHART-sumeitcontainsmanywholesomeprovisions.But $26 authorizes the Police Justices to appoint a "Police Justices' Attorney," to be paid from the County Treasury, and $27 authorizes said Attorney,•''•/.>•Advertisements for this week's WEEKLY TRIBUWE must be handed in early TO-DAT.WASHISCTOCV, Taesday, April 3, I860, Charles E . Sinclair has resigned his positioaofCONNECTICUT. AGGREGATES FOR GOVERNOR.BuOKlNOHAM.-8,753of warnir>g--of admonition. Many Republicansnumbers, to be paid in like manner.8,963 scarcely more to do than to count the votes next Mr. Manierre has been made to father this bill, w eAsecciate Judge of the V. S- Supreme Court for rjfc&. Jug*on. It ie not known that any of the Federal offi-Homestead bill, a n d was a strong, sensible, out-most admirable specimens of eloquent and just tion, which read as follows:not suppose there were leading men opposed to the setting Mr. Seymour for Vice-President at Charles- Homestead bill. The Senator from North Carolinaeulogium.The proceedings of our Legislature yesterdayton,andextinguishingToucey'schancesforareturn to the Senate. The Douglas interest, in the event of success, were prepared to claim it as evidence of his popularity, and now urge this defeat a s a reason(Mr. Clingman) had said tiat he regarded this billthesameasvotingmoneyoutoftheTreasury,aodhadoffered an amendment to destroy the bill. He thoughtif the Senator supposed this a charitable me*tsore,liedid not understand the true merits of the case. It wasto develop and improve the country and-extend civili-zation. It w a s a measure of national Justice andwiUTheregard to the true financial policy of theState,the. Central Railroad having a majority in the Senateb e twofound Housesdeeply int2restingt o loggerheadswould preclude any increase of Canal Tolls.The bill authorizing the sale by the State to theis anything. The Democratic organs proteat thatthe vanguard of the civilization of this country. Theyby carrying CONNECTICUT for the Slave Democ- racywtreneverbefore equaledindesperation.Eleven Hundred exka votes there were not cist by "oldWhigs,"butbygentlemenwhoveryreoentlyevil, and a nuisance in the eyes of Christendom, and that it deserves to be extirpated; but as the execution ofthisproposedlawislefttotheMormons,doesatty man believe a Mormon, wvho has a plurality of wives,aVofwhomwentuptoConnecticutforthe occasion. from Iowa, and show evidence of high feeding upon eligible .public halls hired weeks ago, and closed The "old Whigs" of New-Haven are net veryyBoatWos. Beware of connlei^^/and b w w T b u t BUKL it was a-week ago. A good many of the cattle hail Election. In some cities, our friends found alBhe jfJU/t Tigfaal article. SoMby all g g f a g P^cewlINDICO.Madres, Manilla, Caraccas, and all other kinds; » T«rv l > » .Meek, of aU prices and qualitie., con^Untly on hand, **d£rZ3? a coarse quality, and embraces not a few rough oxen hy the pack*** or les. quantity^Cots to «dt pureba^«, VKTTlikely to desert such men as ROGER S. BALDWINand W M . W . BOARDMAN to fraternize with Fer- terms, subsequently apologized for the tone of hisa remedy for the evil, he proposed to divide Utah be- tween Pike's Peak and Nevada.Mr. CLARK (Dem,, Mo ) said, in his opinion thatw the best possible way to dispose of the question. The Mormons can thus be made subservient to moral virtao andlocalauthority. Hisinformationwasthat Pikea Peak hasinowapopulation of! tm^J $o^v^*'&night.voting—acrimehithertoalmostThe Naturalization mill- : ; • . ' •of that principle.TotheAssociatedPress.;.H e has akeady4,832for a Congressional Slave-Code for the; Territories will quarrel at Charleston, and that we shall thence-Key West, in addition to the ocean postage betweenHavana and Key W est.The Philadelphia Inquirer (late Pennsylvania In- . Senator Hunter has emphatically denied' the truth'.;-.'.worded.appealtakenbytheCity from thejudgmentob-tained against her as *to back rents, and yet suchmay be its effect. I t is eminently desirable that votes in New-Haven—never 2,500. T h e Republi-The.State andNavyDepartment dis-It doesnot in terms interferewiththeBBULL'S BEAD.—The opening day of the great cattle further expensive liligation; but the assertion of Buckingham 2,671 votes. They have now giveng £ this claim should be equitably settled without cans last year made a great effort, and gave Gov.and of threats of its withdrawal, were wielded tothe utmost.Mice,andevery apecieeef Vermin. Soldat thePrincip«i closed last eveningwith no very buoyant proBpecta for triumphed, securing a U . S. Senator tor six years into, the Committee must ba on the spot. In no pniy seven Judges are sitting^Messrs. McLean and been less^Ki^^hon«K* TBfc eorreapoadenoe andMEYER'S MERACULOUSVERMIN J>ESTROYER». THX ouotr Ajrn *x*r KXXXDY XXOWXY et the Republicans have signallyc e oa88*..-. ...the Extermination of Bnga, Roaches, AnU, Moths, Fleas of the stock were left over for to day, and the market-' , 61*Broadway, and bj7 all DroglM* everywhere. ttottttowfMpwbox.;y.^i|ownersto-day. ,'ensuing, though we shall not be surprised to learnUntitled Document•~y <,.„..,•„. „ .,„,•,.. . ., . , - •; ...-, •, •.,,,. .' t«aT one1 if not'twV" o f the ^ m o r "State Officersare against u s . Lt.-Gov. Boyd, a s a n old-time days to the matter, W e feel very sure that the ireare accustomed to talk and act as though w e hadAlthoughexceptG o v . Cummingtinued the discussion of the Polygamy bill. Several his praises in dispatches to The Herald a n d The the first day, declining to deliver that paper.Southern Democratic members took strong ground In favor of the power of Congress over the Terri-News, telegraphed from New-Haven On Saturday night that our Mayor's speech then and there wasHe endeavored to evade,this inquiry by statingthat he had seen many persons between those tw o'••tories. Popular Sovereignty fared badly in their transcendent. Hear him!hands. They were careful, however, to declare "AstagewaserectedontheGreenoppositetheOnrt-House, seenthe President andmembers ofthe Cabinet,so that those anxious to £ee and to hear the eloquent speaker,, abol'sh couldhaveanopportunity,nohallinthecitybeinglargeenough.The Indian Appropriation bill came up, andthe amendmentsoftheSenateadheredto,afterwhichthe bill waspoetponed till Thursday.The House Homestead bill was taken up, the pend- ing amendment being the Senate bill.Mr.FITCH(Dem.,Ind.)offeredanamendmentthat all lands that come under the provisions of this bill shouldbeonlythosesubjecttoprivateentryatthethat whiletCongressSMITH BKOTHXRS' One-PriceWholesaleandRetail Clothing polygamy, the"twin relic ofbarbarism" cannot "Tho utmost enthusiasm prevailed, andwhen Mr.Wood concludednottoexhibit thelisttothe Committee.EachpnrohasinganewSrKi^oCOAT, JUST XADK TO SPIT THK WXATIIBK.couldrightfullyanditwasafterconferencewiththemthatheWareroomi, Nos. 122, 138, and 140 Fulton-at., New-York.PARTIESABOUTBEFITTINGTHEIR HOUSES,AJTD THB PUBLIC GBITBRALI.V, areinvitedtoexamineournewandextensiveSpringStockofFxBxcn CHIXA DIXKBR, TKA, and TOIUKT SBTS, , GLASSVAKS, SIIVBH and Pr^i.TX» WAXK,MIRXOXS,BxoxzxsandFAXCTGoons. CHAXDBLIBRS and GAS FIXTUXXS,be touched by it.Jenkins,achivalrousDemocrat, ofVirginia, dis- tinguishedhimself byusingthelanguage ofamade bis appearance, the roar of artillery could not have been heard for the shouts. He addressed tbe audience for an hour and ahalf,endwaslistenedtowithprofoundattention,exceptasoc- casionally interrupted by applause. ."Itisimpossibletogiveonideaofthisspeech. Amorelogi- cal, chaste, and eloquent effort has never been made in this cityation of the personal traits and literary career of only article worthy to adorn the toilet of tbe refined. Its beau- the illustrious American author. With a generousHas been acknowledged by ladies and gentlemen of taste, theIn the course of the debate/Mr.This admission proves that witnesses, holding ap- pointmentsunderthePresident,aretamperedwitH pendingtheirexamination,andrequiredtosquareOurstockhasneverbeenmorecompleteorattractivetbanat andthatwastheendofthematter,atleastforthe protracteduntilalatehour. Thismeetingclosesthecampaign.No other commentary on his recent Mes- The ob-present,TheDiscourseofMr.Bryantonthecharacterof Washington Irving, which w e publish elsewhere in—Weverymuchregret that ourMayor didnot transparent. TheCommittee willmeet againto- swindledbyprivateentry. Hehadtraveledhisownvotes in the former are immeasurably less than in from all who use It. It cleanfes the scalp, imparts a healthy, appreciation of Mr. Irking's, position in literature, the latter, so that the good he would have done thetifying properties are such as to call forth hosts of testimonials lustrous appearance to the hair, and inclines it, however harsh orGeorge Plitt, ex-District-Attorney V a n Dyke, land laws. A change for this, he was glad, was to bef o u n d i n t h e H o m e s t e a d b i l l . T h e S e n a t e b i l l , h eand Collector Baker of Philadelphia, have been thought, while it recognized the general principles ofd r y , t o r e m a i n i n a n y p o s i t i o n d e s i r e d . a n d a c o r d i a l s y m p a t h y w i t h t h e v i r t u e s t h a t r e n - Leucorrnee, Prolapsus Uteri, suppressed courses, and female Read tho following from the Rev. W. R. DOWNS, Howard, dered him the object of such affectionate homageR e p u b l i c a n c a u s e i n R h o d e I s l a n d w o u l d h a v e b e e n "YourZylobalsamumhasnosuperior. Itcertainlyservesto from hiscountrymen, it combines an exquisite Islandnextyear.Tb* Peruvian Syrup combines valuable alterative and tonio or dryness, andalways produces the softness, rOkiness, and nat- beauty of expression,, and a^vealth ofpeotic illus-disclosures may be expected.THE CONNECTICUT ELECTION.the merits of th e case. I t w a s loaded* down with provisions and restrictions which tended to de- stroy the liberality of the law by excepting certain classes. The bill should extend its provisions to pros-The crowd could not have been less than 5,000.extend his tour to Rhode Ieland. H e would have morrow for the purpose of taking the necessaryState for miles, where all the lands were subjected to Erivate entry, and where there was no culture nor in- abitonts. The Government was bat a land speculator,and the public domaia was bat wend to replenish the Treasury, and while the domam was used as a source . ol revene, there could be no faithf al observance of theNKW-HAVEN.—685 majority for Seymour!The Old LinoTheExpress must knowbetterthan this. The Whig party never polled much, if any, over 2,000SomeoftheWashingtoncorrespondentstelegraphCommittee will jnst come here and devote throetinder the grant of one chance, for when the COM*where.doubtthattheLegislature isoverwhelaungly ifsoaninvestigationwillestabliehthefact,tothe somewhodesisetovoteforitonmoralgroundsampower of Congress over Territories; and often AbillisbeforetheLegislatureproposingim- whoadvocateSquatterSovereignty,arefearfujof" Justices'," "toappoint Assistants,"in unlimitedproduce the list of contributors to the electioneer-ing fund raised by the New-Y ork Hotel Committee,Without assigning any sufficiently satisfactory rea-son. H e w as asked by Mr. Covode whether he and passed.did not confer with the President and members of the supply of vacancies in certain offices wastaken up.It provides for allowing the Court to fill vacancies in District-AttorneyB'andMarshals'offices accruingdar- ing the session of the Court, until appointments candays. But when; pressed directly, he said he had a very important measure.culty, in getting the House bi)l, which is far more to the Senate bill, w as that it excluded young, un-Nearly $5,000 were subscribed . here in a single for the land, while lees fearless ones, who come after,Attorney-General Black has been engaged in Court a party measure; it was above secUonalism, and legis- and has not been able to examine the important luted lor the people, and not abstractions. If it were5legal points which are involved.tion would feel obliged to the prisoners if they would escape and save a heavy cost which is now daily incurrred for their maintenance in N ew - Orleanp.MOVEMENTS OP MIRAMON.made a party measure it would be done in resistance to Democrats. He hoped it would be' considered with f harmony and unanimity, and should be welcomed by all sections of tbe country as beneficial to all. Ad-journed.HOUSE O F REPRESENT A TIVES.The House resumed the consideration 0f th e Anti-Polygamy bill.Mr. McCLERNAND proceeded to sustain his asMr-Landcase,andwasfoirowed |by^R»hertJ,W*&e*: Mjg*T h e Administra-unition and military supplies.under date of 21st of March, that Miramon's bom-bardment had damaged the city considerably, with would enforce it against his neighbor E'muariy circum-Capt. Jarvis writes,.I•tcer*?,Slambaugh, are now ia Utah.a n dSarveybr-GenertfMr. GREEN introduced an act to amend an act from the House, relative to the Overland Mail service. OnmotionorMr.BAYARD,thebillconcerningOn motion of Mr. BAYARD (Dem,, Cal.), the bill providing for appeals and writs of error was taken upthe whole interests of the couatry.eolation of the whole problem. thepositionthatwild,uncultivatedlands,shouldbe- long: to whoever resides on them and cultivates animarried men; and he could not s<e why the Govern- ment should be less liberal in the Homestead bill than inthepreemptionlaw. Itwasunjusttoexcludethewas general in its application, and extended to treason and other offenses against the United States. Congress, by erecting territorial government, had delegated cer- tain powers, so that the criminal became amenable ton^.TaSR03MP1R«^; r^inei#«popa1&to<» ;it>noHu»e has It. ••• -<\•BBSwww.fultonhistory.com'"'•>;.. ^,^y<^f«A-^}V'l«'!«*S>!Ai«'r**JeiWl*>'.'n*.*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Ih: mC*.f*t v»r^w*********#** 