 THEJOILJM^^1EW AND A8TOC9D1SQ EVIDENCE.Sedpath in Eeply to dovernor Robinson.in Hrovar*,'. suaa*tbeSoothwill s-oolearn,tbemustdaegerou*de-velop? tit nt of tbe pbilat ihropic and religious spirit of Lb* I did cot write a dental to you because yoa were m yxall who were nkely to aid to 1 F o » , go**, oampaara, where I.and toduo-*!T^-— t-.ta that sosae sas has rZ~urB. , with metier el'ort^ajf**.vm^ K rCait into the Shade.I am awsre mat we did not agreo fully in our pontic*}bti-el »C"1tfmember }0u or^-susedtoq>zmea*>»«twbttyoa califO my censerva-json 1tb*>n beilered yoar rence printing office and the Free State Hotel. Y ea • ! tsstf a>ivositioi'6 to spricg fr3ta *a Impuittve satire and renumber that he atsertee that Gov Cbase bad promised, to be<t>Berocs, and never oalled in question >our right <o to a>d bim. and ''start tbe ball a rolling," and thai. Gov.jourtpiiK.n, but ibis w a very o-Tforeut mat..>c We nexr eiebangtd a word s>oat a revjiut>->n.Toe fast is eonHusrve to me, and I bettertto to n°arly etvryonebere,OatCbarleaKootnaonhas'Meniruiltyof sbe culminating act cf *ais oawntss, aad ts gratify pw-10 the Republican Leaders and the Republican Party Involved.w*a^a^»^»^>w^i^»t^>^**"^^>^*^*w^i^1.-^nBloody Revolution avid Civil Wat the Desi^a,4Ve.uhra loyalis.tr^^pp^.,, ^ j ^ KiBg B u d a e n ) T recovered. for »bicb tbey bave written. .tha matter up,aadwarrant* wrr>asem court The Demtj Uatted States kartbal with a pots* of eighty men, aira^oad ua^a^B. *~If tbe manuscript • not use*t please return to «k or ought to occupy.such proportions; n>.*t it would be' ' * C RoBntBoa."On the opposite eida ef the iheet on Which this lautfa after the arrest of Capt. John Brown. Wnen he wrote perusal of your correepondenoe ana tbat of Ool Poiilips,B1DPATHTOHISPTfBLTSHERS. pjeaus. TatrsB a BLDKIWIB, BOSBBS4:—laclosedpleasetadatotosrtramWtomAPtdlUps,1try letter is written lathe fo rowing note, al<iressed KunNSC.VTOTHUSETTLERSOFKANSAS.contemptible letters to the Bast "repudiating" B own — (justthinkofapoliticalJudasdisavowingsympathywith a politcal Christ)—I then, and not till then, republishedin the early days of '65, thu biased my own mmd at strongly to favor of Charles Robinson, that when I came toKansasto'16,1wasinclinedtobelievemostlm.ptic-.tiy in the character and intentions of this mw.•.TersSiorlalBondSwindle." IfpwaMutowHintoakac Thenafterwards,IamforcedBOtobelieve,orel*eto%?tiewe that the then'Governors of free States, and otners lfeuot a proposal was made to th*m, treated It as it deec-rel.theGovernor'Brecord andlife? Ithinknot Use.the Tri. *nt! Let those who think that thing ts possible, j 1st try tbeir hands at i t A trial or two will sooo undeoeive tnem.V»<•'.^t«w^i«H^d»wtota,^jfjgjatcould be met *n* cbecsed, and the «uto•JTM'TM*-united onis -«»,and oaiby th*care <*•«»?*? 11K ^,mswtlhdto§iil,andlbaveedhim. .whtoi ier. Kmany sheep there this troth.n«. Vrebi^rj 1be B«w«son is tbaf |«a nrgea tb Brown for Qorinsr, to oppo oliMe(Ktbestatementthat-rej01t •tesitairda> ••*••**»*.»(»***) ^ ^J4* feumder, ko., for *be .-arpa-m of Da«y fcbeme, tbe wnoto tbiftf toTb«rewnooneo(toereporto- — tU^ria Kansas tha* wouid ben ve aueh a state-swaDoubtletsto attodo to a _ _ af«vBdSBstoto,iai"2TW CorrespoodeDce of tobiason, fees dtngcr nod larearoneutroubled times-gone by, and, apart from alt otber #eaPhillips,RfdpathandHiotoa. M . . . h l r A .KSU-ir* ^ > ? J ? J 2 I -m„euch ourpostUoB. Tsae tbe Governor's netfJ^Zt^Stla-GOVERNORROBINSONDEEPLYUfLUm fi?.'aB*4r JSUSti rA«6SS5S. u b e l t o a e e o m p n t b m y p n r p u e e w : " a s * , t h a t I n *•» n o tWhatwastheeensequencer wn^^^ people'sre Dttnoerat;thesontotowofthelateLewisJessiaa;S. MontgomerywasBOB*tor.SeveralotCsa sk*!The fatimny Befoit tbe Mason r^mmittM all tbe odrer cbarfes that be BWebra you uaie *f* ust mjMtf -sad «4bersIf we were the leaderssion. This project, tf sincere, was thwarted by "Gov." devil, personally or tl iloo«h Walker, asked for admission, dale for tbe United States Seoatorehtp. R>oio*un utod or two a number of complaints w<5*. betrl 1ii t3M.c tb* troubles to extend rurther. .• W 25JS arsuingap«to«,or •^-Jj'jSSWtotbeliev*anysucheon*?'"**that ih* free State parly, in all or its p*. ^ ^ " *" vilecaucuses,Leverctitemp'at«"tanythingoftoo«nd. Yoo must alto DarCon me for saying that ( eaaaot turns: thateven*e*i,mdivtotmity.cntenatoedsuchIdeas,andaware tbai V 70a did you nwor ;T2 Kitoiuy « - "Wratbtd ibem tom©nTrTetoaoBB bare be»fi, \ have always fait, or t kindlycharacter. w#n hi** had on more tbao on* occasion, toef a partyforce, lb e HOBdoes not eotmt bowci sarrjtof oottbiUo^Su*oro* r rw** *'*,•.anri2orDOon>erreason•—..^«<iv»--°°^ \ah t>»0,,W*** could never think cal'ty of"weTer wwrtko»n,y<semcreytourasneldf anaorte|d«*pPujr»p«os'e.•»»TJ'h«o"a»-»V(rationsofesteem,I believethatRoMateaban tbete aid MsocwtiotiS Ieversctrre,-^.^.^sfanatic,hatboman yetcalledareatool;HenryT.Gwdmer,insteador,„,,„ h,m„om#tasds bsvs branded perjortdhimselfinswrarmgastowhatyoutaM,%<oewholawwnmeb*has is other thlots; for I cannot hellers thai yen wo-i«dBBM srgtog o n him that the difflcukiec never neel, self, very respectfully, year obc:7tent servant,Iribvr-r to slander Rsbtoson, I dare him to point to a fended btm in both public and private correspondence, aadnngle line la tbat paper, or in any Eastern paper,In which that yon was understood to be bis supporter. It wot the the federal authorities This order exeat*er*my and !»m bis.stonying thtgJBut bere totte only paragraph that IMtxao ft stthad; having _abonuonnu oronlynecred,butboastedofmystoe»*9theN-xrYork pt»jT,tswere:—TritM**., as a buans of accomplisbrnc sbch a par pss*,, a n t Fir*t— A plan to induce the Governors of the free StatesprestBtauvespassedaaobM »»w u,,devil,throoghhis F Tapoaa,oftheCincmna'i Qautt*",NewYork<fert,aod Col.Afbott wasmaie cbi<l b, a.—^* "next friend," vetoed it. . a d thereby defeated tbete will. Misrouri Drwioerot, and J M Mtch-ii, formerly ot tba Judge, sseumixg tbe came of Jofce «v.>«V ugiven "sa^ajyptedges toItisten*thatJohn**•**•*•* bau,f•":'.'IT^rEi* wmKU.ere.arwrayfirstrttt,wbr Tif^Sfenoldman'*.Iw^'*°!»«»«HV^!ct tbe devil to be tnferasA-not to£ act with a." £%£detent people. Wbea he gets into a party be - E f / J * Tataattnihi alleged to have iakeaptaee. Wvitaar a tbem consequently all claims were eoaeea^iZime asyet I should navs owe* oiw, of the parent water, bid I yet 1 should bsvs been oneBade a confident of Chan Robinson, whom, although ho was thrice deeply lmptt< ated to reroloianary projects,! neveryetbelievedtobesinceremthem, Thesathreeto begin a civA war to order to save Ksnsas from inva-MRnttiTSCB* arrest at Lexington, Missouri,'hy the Borderwe would tell bim »* ioi, rather than let bim to we weald these agencies at one time very extensively aad effaotu- tried several of the moat active rutfUaa tidtak tellhimastoryfr^ whoBe moriJ j^n^mpick on,OT allv,totne detrimentorGeo Lane andetnar*. Forthe Intwoease*tbe fiatswere e»i*ct«i Ber«*• Bwar: George tb-1 ^^,4 wtm moaae. A regency was pro- o<ber three naawo, itto very easy to disp <ee e/tbe charge Boa. Tbe United State* Dw<nct ^»*rt*\ Fort3c. pCK , » *httordwasa warm advocate of it;the ofslaaeortog,b»referencetotbe columnsoftbejournalsRuffiansthere,shortlysftt.r tbedestruction oftheLaw-M B , tor tbe PTS poto • of fTendell " r i U i P , ^ 2 D p A t a gigantic crimea there committed ba-i roused me, that I I this was not a revolutionary ecbeme, in Heaven's name,was'cf » quiet snd*reserTed disposition. I woll remem ' or Ss'sn's, what is revolution?Thir)—Just previous to tbe4th of July, 1856, wbenBBFfMEUSTHEttENAlfiOtWJlirTEB. besieged intheWakemsa war,andIatfirst tbelohowiDgconservativecommunicationtotbefree ears,andhasrankledInhiehearteversince.Letit journed,andtherewaseveryindicationthatthutaiqui a*.3,Itoo(r>b.11)fJsrrespoadbnosoftbeEUBALO.] refusedtovolunteer,andonlydidsotheni£ht StatenvnassembledatTopeka Itwillbeseenthat rankleIItisatruththatwemadehim;Itisatruthtoat tonsinstrumentwouldbeforceduponusbyCongress,inThe position of Kansas affairs was threatening at the time. JONT O F 00*7. ROBINSON. OF K a N - solicitation of Cbertes Robinson. Lawrence was otber comrades, G. W. Brown alone exospted, addreewd we please with onr own. The jest reached Robinson's The Lecompton Constitutional Convention had just ad-This was tbe end of tbat class of operations, •a far as witness was cognizantTbe New York Tribune was used by these men, Phillips aad BedBBth,aswellasmany otber paaers,andthey that by means of the press, to wnich tbey had seas ootTeepondeaU, they could make or destroyCORRESPONDENCE. PHILLIPS TO BJSDPATH..LeKsncx, R. t., Feb. 24, 1800.Rsnram, Ktq —up to this date, given it any publicity, 1 di 1 not wish to herald tbe just claims oa Congress, and although soma men behaved very wildly, 1 was constrained, as I have oftenbeen,tobesilentontheirpeccadilloestorfearthey would charge it to a spirit of rivalry.excepting even the President of the Unltel States. Gar desire to be with yoa to the crowning emergency Is almost undeniable, and nothing but the fear that your position mightbechangedfromadefenceoftheState organiza- tion to a resistance to our re arrest, can reconcile uspoint of attack was in June, 1868.tbe ootiBtaramiag forces sristog dirccth bas whence springs American democracy. Tasaat sores, the country the healthy part* of oar paf tem. Thetxflueacesof wealth,ofgainofasesl aristocracy, have wholly dominated to the a t . iOaaa 8n— I write this letter in reference to a personal Chiefly by tbe exertions of Col. Yangban and myself we •natter tbat deeply concerns my honor, as well as tbe got a supplemental act passed to prevent the issue of tbehonorsadhistoryofthsfreeStatepartyofKansas,and 1thinkyoursbond*, and also a clause in tbe law regula'Jng audits that BOwarrantshouldbeIssuedwithoutappropriation. Tats greatlyenragedthem,andthreatswere madeagainstme then. Last summer, wben the swards were taken, Ifindingbimwithouttheabilityhesupposed,suppliedhtmwith intellect, or u least tberesultsofbtoownactivemind. Tbe Ingratitude of Robinson will appear wben ttis known that Phillips wrote tbs firsttwo lintmi 11 which to a natural division of parties Ja- were sent to the Topeka state legislature. MhchpratosHare you seen any report of tbe testimony of GovernorIt Is false that I ever spoke with Robinson on tbe sub-support TntoIsoneofthettrongettevVieaeaf manentdecJlneofthedemocraticpartyisto'stole. I wrote to Collamer, o f she Committee, and request- ed a certified copy of tbe evidence, as It Is evident ha /BootoeoB; has been guilty, net anly of misrepreseatiiian,Bat of gross perjury.I bad just dons so, wben Robinson returned. I Imae-sly sent bim tbe following note, by the hands of T. D. r, Esq , of tbe Lewrense Reputliam:—efany partofit?S. would anything you there testifle 1 justify or formtried to get itincorporated ss a State debt under the Wy- end to tbe disturbances and consequently to his (my) a brother in.>aw, Henry Thompson, who married Capt manlike documents. I know whereof I speak whan elements of our politcal society pittata; andot constitution. I went before a republican eaucis of bopta of a revolution. Notonly did 1not oppose the taking Brown's eldest daughter, determined to settle to Kansas. making this statasarnt But if wa (the reporters) had cratto. We are having the few against•'LAWBEWTB, K. T., Feb. 21, I860. Mcka—Baring just learned of yoar return to Kansas, I ddtess yon, sad resoest an answer to the following ques- frem Otatook possession of the Territorial ballot boxes, drove away'the settlers, sad elected a Iygi-'lature, two-thirds of whom were citizens of Missouri. This body met at Paw- nee In May, ousted the only four free Stele men in tho body, snd adjourned to the Shawnee Mission Manual Labor School, near Weatport 'there they proceeded to enact that Infamous code of lavs eatabUshtog slavery, against which the free State people of Kansas struggled solong. Ontbe5thot"Septemberofthesaneyearthe free State party m e t In convention a t Big Springs, and passed their celebrated resolutions to resist the execu- tion of tbe bogus cvde—psaceafully if they could, but for- cibly If tbey must—aivislng a Convention to be held for tbe purpose o f framing a State government, and a t the same time calling on the people to elect delegates to tho following October. I do not think I am mistaken wben I say that no one of the Browns particljMttod to tbs proceediogs of this and subsequent Convention bald st Topeka to September a n d October. John Brown him- self did not come to Kaaaas Oil tho fall of "55, aad then only at the earnest sollcltatiot s of his sons to comaC meaa to do what is nonorable aad fair to yoar psli-cation or tbese charges.possession ot the lecompton State government. Gor. Robinson thrice publicly avowed his determination to abide by tbs action of the Convention, and then, after- wards, withottt blushing or apology, supported a bolt,federal efficars aad active democratic leaders to Kansas to 1866 wero violent dlsunrooitu, a a d they sought b y every device to their power to brine about a direct colli-1public affairs until after Dow—the first victim of pro si* trtt State volunteers, lane adroitly managed to keep appear the go-between. I know I need make no special tbe action of the Convention, but considered myself vary violence—toll before tho rifle of the murderer Cole- clear of this, aad yet keep the seething mass of freemenrison m ten ng I advice.but eegl Feeluig natural anoe.a Kerr* theSUand n f.-K'till great 1 eorres ireely bto forr anew, wife0<_BA Mryos0**w1OarraJ O r*Ftakstoasd t i t Itttti1DBoBic Barta TeakPOlBA Ha*.OA. MAooLksgues, yoa will not hesitate to do this. A colleagues,hspa yon will re.urn a n answer as early a s pos-United States Clrcalt Ceart.!man thaissood to ear wsy."saw-*=—.at thetoneoftbe writer,whom IaV ttI^L^nia H e »P°ke ° t ' R*dpun's . » • • believed I b a l uttered the base per-Boston, supported bim, because I still ttoheVed bitoto b eto heart wbat ho avowedly was before going to Ksasas-a barrtonton demooet at OratehappV Falls he ba*ana tpetoh by sneertog at men who to politics had aTtatUntitled Documentfsct_Cbtmberwaatotendod to advancethetag them to vote for certain railroad land haia, maybe justified by theso braxingly asserted—that no pcjlttatoa. Tba Jtoaisat^ death. »«re,ftJoiaK-*' individuals hathsaaa,sadtofis4stod,itttaecwwvr%^asaa** VJJJ^ gBBBhmBBwl BaV tAflms^ ^aarwsBBVa ssrwawa awawsmsWas sw y wsstsyaha,'*«». t» be'* part of the plan of coneMaatyoa00acasasatoasreastjI ootdI bare not yet seen ttinasmuch as . Irnhented «n for the use o fWort.berthefirsttimeIwasinducedtoboararm*wasatthe !GovRobinsonwasaprisoneratLecempton,he,withbisDtesen, of Kanees, testiued te-d&y before the before tbe first attack was expected The j bad tbey followed his auvic.i the paepld would have be bas sold himself for gold; it is a truth that at Washing- •to tbe effect tbat Brown did dot go to Kansas whole town was oppressed with feara. and the belief was ' fiied on the federal troops V that advice was not revo- ton he committed the crime ef perjury Yours, Ac.,RICHARD J. BAGAINST FANATICISM—ALL LMKSk8T8 0HTBI BLACI BBTT/ILICAM F ABTT [Washington correspondence(April4)ofItoMlbat-en account «f the diffloulwetr wblch be ex tbat all in it wouli be massacred When toe siege wan at lutionary in its character, will Gov. Robinson Dave tbe iwoale exvnd uatiltheoonntry«easrallyshould Heworst,endthetownsurrounded, Robinson caneand kindnesstocontributetooneorboinoftbirivaldiction-1 toverved, aed ssavery be abMtobo-l. Hit object asked me to ride down to tbe enemy 'a caaap on th>-Waite aries his definition or tbe term revJuuoa?—JAS. REOPATH.HIN'TON TO aiTOPATH.BOSTO.V, April 2, I860.JAMBB RKDPATB, Esq. :— MTDEARSIX—Inaccordancewith yoarrequest,trans-The Issae Traty State*.-ft*NEW YORK HERAm TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1860.-TRIPLE SHfiET.' by any eoiMruetton caa b e perrerMC V«r« r"—the 6 ^ * « l" " * '>iSkutobim,* • -.-SSaiurt to, «B* » e vtritot boa*tbe latest, < was*'"_" . .w.,Ifc-»—• 1.mrnoeedwoolaknowIbadbeea •retothefold OtfjeWW*""•*• trend, and, therefore, I supposed would. ] iu a»»*•'r<* •ace ** *•era Kansas, tbe two tarttea, ata-su**.nir-st wickedly misrepresented. Bat a* yon ask meTM , " " " I V mUtmt coDeaajsaeai, compromise or «*ar.fir,BW«»«~,••-••-v* _ «MitoKeaASBtoBgottheTIBw«0 Robiosoa't nama attained, whl:u, I were Baarty eq'waa **a>t~. .•..«. !_"iTTliu- -^.,._atth that otto**; M ato ara, he %oa^ a * h*;„r * * JoaoulBjy. Botl>*««OBVAja^gam Roolf,RoSoaah, ffor flnveraor Bobmson, for «x**pi5-iC: thai if the darU rwrae not peace, but reworatttn, and diCered in this re rur-a, to lea'n their strength and purpose, and proposed sapeet from tbe free State men generally. Tbe only other rime of attack It was considered at the time an enter-t-whoavowedto'JiewitnessastoilUrobjectwas priseequaltomylife 1certainlyfelttbatthech&nsesofF Bef path. ever getting back were desperate for any man—alnost Afitr be bad tost all hope of accotnetUhiug bis object, h<sekas for a correspondent of the frietoie As T roleTat related to tbe witness the designs of btmself and some cut of town, some of the boys on drill cheered mo. and rs who were operating with him H e said b a t few told me afterwards tbey never expected to see m e again.> their secret, eltboagb many ware operating with 1 n member what my thoughts were then A young wife»,„„ Tbe reason of bis opposition tc taking possession and child and widowed mother leaning on m-», an 1 I felt us, a poniion wbicb we can occupy aad be triumphant, your purpose, without doubt for me to recapitulate what from whu source ft might there was also Indicated a rating with th* timidity aad apprehension sail•Of she Territorial and Lecempton State government at tbe some self reproach as I went, but was spared the pang of whether overcome by numb-rs or not; while there is an- 1 inserted in that letter. Charles Robinson, to his evi- determination, if such a struggle w as begun, to clean of tbe numerous small maaafiaotariag interns1aaJiof box was because be saw in such a policy an ead to knowing that the friend at whose instance Twent, in a -sae dfetorbsnoes, and, ooasequeatfyi to bto hopes of a re cause of defence and freedom, would be the first man to weaaQssv vilhfy and falsify me before a committee of the Senate,aasaee be, sad Ibose with bim, who were ebiefir re- iho majority of which were of our enemies. poreraoftbepress,malewaruponallwhowerelikely Itis,indeed,astrangethingthatheshouldbavetogoother position which, if taken, would prejudtoo our cause, dence, endeavors to make tbe following points-.— slavery out of Missouri. I need not say t h u I most throughout tha priactcal tow**, would 1and might lead to defeat, ana weaken tho coonieuoe ana First—That John Brown went to Kansas to create a re- heartily approved ot this. I went to Kansas an anti- match for the rural dkatriota of the 8.1a fas support of our friends in tbe souDtry Tbefirstand true vomt on. by means of which be hoped to destroy slavery; slavery man. What I there saw did not lessen my op- notto a source of great eacaaragemcat No &* position is defence of tbe State organization. You bare a and that in this idea be differed from tbe free State men position to "tbe sum of all vUlaaiea" Surely, if it was constitutionalrtgbttomeetasaLegislature,completethe generally. rightformetoreswtslaveholderstaKansas,inaaat-State organization, and pass all laws neaessary to the suc- Second—Tbat yoa, James Redpatb, was also a revolu tempt to extead their institution, tt would bo equally asI do sot think I ask yon too much to ask a public de- nial, as well s i a denial sent to me over yoar name, ofA "COHSSRVATIVB" TJrrraa''CAMT NSAR LBOOBITOIC, Kansas, Jaly 1,1856.TonrxFKISM*orLAWAXDOSDSRCwMvaasoATTOPBKA— The uLutrtugned detire to say a woid to theur friends inways understood that tbe young men of Kaaaas inteodel to take charge of tho Indian Territory, of Arizona, and whateverTerritoryfilibustersmightstealfromMexico It to yet so undented, and taev will attend to thornTribune ]•e*en n»ked for admission alto-J? **»»towahngtoVthi*U»:**«as and behave b'meetf. We preosanvi that1 doesn'tknow thedevil It,M wasastt**.sa»-,p c,'** r*h•'^1dnct.toe.Farweknowthatit»ta, *««SBdHitionars,Iparoetve,»'"t.aryreportera ~.aaatfftvhe terriioiy six months bttore thisrnvthical000ample. Tbe devil askt f ^ f « * » / party ot old MaMachuset'e-as wome cases to our courts of tow, through •mthe republican in certain ^^tf^^, ge.mitted to me through Messrs Thayer and Eidridge. Iregard to she present aspect of affairs to Kansas It is write you with regard to C. Robinson's testimony before as they are opened. But the primary object ofrecent speech.ab*wd orM •onio"oo\y>l'alwaystookto ittbattheirsettler had been drive. w T S J ~ ,Tbe lord be j ^ « n P'rvstely, snd astoeKhed the HoueeNew, 1 ttber this story was a lie tbat he Invented to have hy a bitte^apeech sgalnst the regency. He concluded by pondent of tbs New York fra***!. No one woo aaaws where tbasqBatters were encamowt, sttotatsWGrta*s, of Iowa, was already pledged to the programme.sa exrcse to runaway from danger,or ilov. Bobtosoa, raying,'^and when 1forget my Ktng, may my God forget our frknd will ever couple his naaoe with tbat of ••revo- reader, aad wero fired upon In sasaec r toraconservativeman,basoneratberu»ryiteminhis me'JacaWi'ks,wbobeardit,instantlywhispered, ntlomst"and"slanderer."CertainlyIknownoman AmessagewasseattoGovernorthater, public record. Ofoourse I no not believe that Gov. Cbase "*°"/get your no; he'll see you d d first " So tot us to Kansas wbo would have wielded so imuertial;y tba down two hundred dragoons r>e« tm•Mnalmalignity,andperhapspropitrstedem^cr«tic orGov.Grimoservtrthoughtofaiiysuchpem-nine. «*4thodevilbeforewoadmithimintothefreeState greatpnwerwhichhispostttaaoathetVifcooegavebim, withartillery.ThereportflewaiiotarfaeSecond-On * e 14th of September. l&M, flier the de- '/arty. We feel safer with God and old Brown fiau with ihiougb the king conflict of nearly s»x years, during the free Btata flton were surrounded by astbe devil and Governor Walker "Thatisall. IfIbavetriadtowriteRobinson downletSenator» bas-perjured himself to li 9sl hlB Old colleagues ana tbe whole free State party.Tbere wasOnly oneproposal thate\«rcametomykrowkd*«tbat aren looker like rerolutioQ in tbe o»aatry I belteTed t 'then, as I bave Vlievel it et#rsince,tobea%erecrotchetmoneSam'sbrain,andore,too,towhichbewasnotsincere ThatmanWASCUM-IMBobtosfln. Y ou, perhaps, remember, just before the my sincere gratification that the tote report thU you were aloiiuoi ist Wben I discovered that be was neither, I gen. By ptofeastoo a lawyer, tbat edooatloa has strnngth- started for tha south to orgaana t* sackofIstwrencebythe borderrdffians, tbat Roo^naoa amongthekilledatOssawatomieisnot<co/rect. simply withdrew from him. Yoa, Colonel Phil- enedhisalreadystrong mental basis tosettleallthiogs State forces as mllrtia. Ha orderswanTHE tbould want to leave at saeb « time, and urged bim such a? iii merit tbe highest praise from every patriot, BKRALlJt swenwmflly to stay: and wb«n -'preesed for a reaeoa %g topeopVnf tbem to arms, sotbat wben an araaf came on Baa^ia : - • i WColonel.For yourself, I tbink that tbe totter charges will toll a s Be hoped to avoid the troops, aad drive o a ufence of Lawrence by Cart John Brown, Gr.v. Robioson voluntarilygevebimtbefollowingttotmesVatBorvouch ers of fidelity to tbs cause —five ot wbicb be has been the historian of these exc tiag events Yon anti I, wbo are not ashamed of our revolu Uonarytheory orpractice,well know thu toebastsofMknimrisBT aad rufltoaa, aad wabomot abouttwohundred ef th•ftgbtragsnt*«f- OsMwatemle, A c , merchwd dawa to tot1 the ra gtttribntton»V ofdaOaWedaaatot-a varyfailtasttrad at F tTax Wnrn tostsvoBiag, torsaac.ee fa Jsrsat, Mrs sjttots wfllaNrsio s GA •rwstwahM 1161, comme Oook's circii toe performTanUTB thearticlep reference to widow and I Lend -Bcom ataa A Co. from those itributtagD e a t h JesnBagtta fir*thee Greenwich ttis tegs satsaiasiOB. dfc the effectst when be di made conftThe in1jo- washeldb Tatoped.udeceased tt juryreadei while ta tb street"Fire Man totinthe sett k Br« crockery t examined 1 Dedans taQuebec,Cs nothing to years of a,g«ntyThe Justtor trialC«Befc Arxn.9- trtod01 aptotol, toitato Toeeoa court tookNewspa ares^ppo sufiertog . BBOB no 0 done N< it may 001 the eye wdestroy it U tbt Ne ttoa*witl me tbat 1bis departure, be told me tbat he saw the whoU country and I c-i eerfully accor ' to you my he artfelt thanks for forGosmoM BshfffBR, Usq- •, awrroa or TSB K sw YORK goirg to the free S'ates to ronae the Governors aad theders ir' car rights and tbe murderers r (our cutseos His- baby act;" for I was hardly of age, and a very child In torytall give your name a proud pla.ee oa her pages, and politics when I first went to Kansas. I trusted Robioson, posterity will pay homage to year heroism in the cause of and bow basely h e deceived m o y o u know. H e knewBBsad, and moved to a point en too Osage, tat,l LAWSBXCI, to»pt. 14,1856. Mr I**n Sin—Itakethisopportunity*)expresstoyonhim quote the passages. I never, as he bas often done,bave written anonymous letters to destroy tbe reputation onr lmnd'smtod to very different from that instesting their friends. General Lute heanag of tab, efmenwroopposedmypolicy. 1admitthatIhavewrit- such tendencies. Phuiiustobysutureandodncatton,at the Military Board,aadbyibrtr oritti tenhimup,butIdiditbelievingMmtobehonest,andan alltimes,inbisviews ofpublic affairs, primarily acid- lips, who was the Territorial Aljst"CAPT.JOVWBROWS:—PUBLISHERS « " R/EOPATH TO VdS started East. I for one could not understand way he Yourcourte, as far as I baverbeeniafformed, has been lips, BBd myself, bad more to do with mak- without disturbing existing tartKaUoos or inaugurating Flrtt, to drrve out all armed MasewrtosB;ataaGoverBor Romnson than tho Almighty bad, forcible remedies for wrong doing. I bave been an atten- come into oollaMoo with tbe United States treat which ttansgreaateB "m ay tbe I»rd have tive observer of his oourse to the tr-iowae aad in tbe ter- rode the ninety miles to eleven bout, reacted %ritory, end am thoroughly convinced thai upon no man at Sugar Mound, found the force, 260 strati, Bownw, April 6, "iflft. wag going tobelavolved in eltil war, ani that he was your prompt, efficient and t<mely action saaintt tbe inva mercy on our souls!" In my defence I can plead " tha can tba charges made set more lightly than upon tha paring to match upon Fort Scott. Rika |USanother co--u'l-i —strike "ou"r-enemies elsewhere, if nec<w- God and humanity. Trusting t h u yoa win ceottano that I regarded bim as a man of veracity, and you know lightly to tbe ground. Certainly yoa never attacked pro slavery feres at Fort Scott, uader caa gj^toarig tetter to as, from Jamas Red>rj«tbtea.plajni it eary at WashiDgU»n. Of course I thought this arow to remain in Kansas and servo ''daring the war,' the bow often he took advantage of that faith to cause me to Rcbroron bat oace, and thu In toe Crusader of freed m, murderous Hamilton, Brockett and Ca-knit • • « BeoompaK ing documents, wbicl 1you are at liber tr to prist b* ycu wtob. Tbey make, m rich exposure.Basil mifirV*T. THAY? ,R fc-BLD^IDGB.from an exaggersted reeMng in bis mrad, created by the horrors and troubles then devastating K&aaaa by B itord's army from the slave States; bet I spent someewese you bave donesotadch to sr««in. and with earnest *rey«. s for your wealth add prole ettoa from the shafts ef death that so wickedly beset your path, I subscribe m y-Injure bis nva'sOf course it Is false that you or I used the New Yorkin the winter oi 1808, aad then only to oppose his policy. I know that wben be first showed evidence of '-Belling out" tbe free State party, to tbe winter of 18AO-7, you da-tbu night scouts oaaae ta, stating thu tb* troops were camped four miles dttteatout and found th* totormaUoo correct, aad te dered a retrtU. to avoid a poetioiiity ofler vs to BUP-T a great deal, and that all woald better 'ble v over, and tbe matter be settled on tbe snit of ' fanaas. an • settled without closing any- difficulty outelie •W>ftbeTerritory. Heneverpretendedtohiveanyau-assay "ksy rep^ to it, a aote to R. J. feinioo, and the re- thocght then, tc I do now, that all \he story about «o«ae andoutlaw*, and you will center a favor open your co la- bad Greeley never visited Kansas, aad found out Robin- tor the past three years,) to those of tba tared tato the Territorial service as miotia,T.SK.faction, aad Montgomery, with some of followers, refused to obey, staying to ststp U Tha tsBsatoder retreated to Sugar Moau, aw miles,tothefas*ofanorthwesterlystormof wind, over ground aakto deep taUntied rains. Lane arrived, ia sampthority from any committee or from day m*n. 1 knewthat ne could trot get any numncr in Kaasas ea to "To TITX8rrBUes9 or KASSAS:— feel,andurgedbimtostay.Wbenbelett,Iforthe IftctBibto,p!*S90renderCant.Browaallthoassist-hie indorsement of th« oil man, and in one letter indi- With regard to tbe charges of slander against myself, I catedthat"tbeGovernor,wboisnoGovernor, wasnot baveonlytosaythUIrefertotbefilesoftha"LAWRSSCK, SepL 14, I860,tog,issuedaprattoaulnnorderingafl wf Wwreace, Baasss, relattog to Qov. RobtosWB tests first time began to lose confidence in '.he map, and ance he may require in amending Kansas trom invaders wholly an angel of effulgent light But do you thinW tbat Boston Troretttr, (for whtoh I have corresponded to leave, sad tha free State force wastothefreeStareswasamerepresrnoetogetaw*yfrom port of a committee of the J .aoma l^egtolatere oa^fce the danger. As' I never heard a-syllable or tan s injectborerannfellowdozen, CBofltsaon." sen'struecharacter,I,yoa,oranyman,would have Chicago Tribune, to bear me out,in staling Gov Rcbinton, daring the recent contest, denied that been permitted to even indicate that there ware flaws in that I bave never, as a reporter, made personal attacksoftbeLegislator*thentosasstoo, Tney* Into a regiment, and officers were etoetot chosencolonel. Immediatelyupontheorgi completed, lane ordered the regiaoeat to leaving only two companies, composed of tb* vicinity ta service, ta protect to* himself rtturned to Lawrence. As to* no attempt to attack him, be com ! actd o w n " a a R o b i n s o n a s s e r t s . I t w a scamp thu thsrtrootia would attack, aadmade to defend themselves, tt betaias both the law, right and the people, wart a tbey didnotIntend to hs disarmed,tea hirelings. So much for Lane's cowardtot • at^!***| "bv- -at-'vM.^lv"ert"dMriiv-*err>),.v Wb«otttJ1ubiree«ievy or ESatsoioett, andNnVTy 1 «1» w * ttttor a w o r d to U J a r e ?"w°^" lied reputation, and it is meet foroher's intercet*, S3 well jet inqieached, be coolly proposed to Capt. John Brown, You know the only foundation for this change. One When John E Cook, as stated to bis so catted ooafos- be likely to be a revoluuonist against thebeeverwrotesuchanote,andsaid,also,thatIfheerergave John Brewn any letter, it must hare be»n wben aprisoner at ficsompton. No* the originate ef them notesare at freewat in tne bands of a dlst ngalsbed anti slavery orator of Boston, who will permit me, If the Governormw>it on tbey, aad <we devekipemenu which taey family wewr members of the 0:1 School PreeHyMr.aa persists tnhts denial, to have a fa; simile copy of them I might have boosted tbat we bad mate a man, hat I was ty. As for being a revolutionist, I never made any secretforward my note sad emit tor a reply to it Hn7Vr't<*rt*lier'to some p*» minem .ournal for pubitea-uponanyman,exceptononeoccasion,whanIdenouoced G. W. Brown, tbe editor of the flerold 0/ Freedom, for eesaiiurg Cbarhs Robinson, In consequence of wbicb arti- cle I secured tbe hitter hatred of tbe said editor, and have ever since been par sued by bim with the utmost ma'igai-Bkm! l)o^ot>rmit any y* aruaa tc puhl.Bh any partva- ama it oublsihes all, escap'jBg U*report, wbv.n I do notAs yon are aware, when I casse to Kansas, as To-- mab7 yeais before, and through a 1 the troubles, I w*rt rcyAs I am not a natural born fool, of course I never boasted tbat we correspondents could make or unmake any mana w j t n e o e e s a r i l y e l i _c i t , « w i n t P . r e t o M a s o n ' s c o m m i t t e e to to tbe shade ' tor they wrttt exr«ec a long aeri«e of4 trea- w on, BWwJesem •sd -saaiks" wbsth will startle many ac h u r c h . A f t e r t b e d i f f i c u l t i e s w e r e a l l s e t t l e d , m y f f f i ' . ' e t i d family attached oUTSeWes to the Plymouth Orj^gregMiooal Chutcb, Lawreace.afi more cx5tig«oial. I do IK» icaiion thisasaPharisaical assimpaanofsoyclaimtot-icganym a d e . T h e y a r e d a t e ! , a l s o , S e p t e m b e r 1 4 , a f t e r R o b i B - son's Telecse 'rom confinement, an 1 Immediately subse- quent uctoe memorable dtft-nce of Ljawreace by C»>taln Brown, wnona Robinson, in bis envy ef tberonown oft o o m u c h a s h a m e d o f o u r j o i n t p r o d u c t i o n t o d o i t Y o aand I made Robinson—you by writing bis mese*««B andspeeches snd planning bto pohcy; I by report n< bisspeeches, aad by mycorrespondences I never triedtoo t m y o p i n i o n s , n o r a m I B O W a s h a m e d t o a v o w m y c o n -nection with John Brown, and full endorsement of Urnprinciples and policy wbicb governed him in his attackupon slavery. A s you intimate that you wish this letter lorpublication.Iwillavailmyselfofthoopportunitytoinform those wbo may desire to know just what the youngmen of Ksnsas knew of John Brown's pleas, ft oUy save volatknary intents. A man so ambitious m% tbe Senate Star Chamber the trouble of sending for me.- lane, seeking high office inside tb* UiOWtbteCS tewt he intrigues incnaae like ' psttttctoawhoBOWunmake bim,for 1 taw tbat bowould save metbe Robknon pert =la la his penary, It is better theft for. I think you cau bear me oat in the stata Uis old man, seeks to deprive o' too 'aurels be so troubto. I knew bit head was too scabby to wear acrown„«. tbat 1 may wearive " ' evidence—not to ment tbat I claim nothing freJ any such cennrcuja be- bravery won on tbat eventful day Hs well reawnbar*aydto) psaalato„. bM committee ( Air Thrill not submit tc be cat*,yond the promises made la the church to sinners, butthat do'-—welt remembers tbat, in tho prosecco of atlong; that In self defence be would have to throw it down. See the fulfilment of my prophecy already.""" "rei of the by as mine, that I should not aow permit it falsely to oe sul wt*Wtai^Biy "frtswd; b K l t m nearly U',, of p«at frtenda. and- Jt men who publicly damn lied.?la»! Br«WB end prtvawif approve of iafiurrecttoos. Yew know that when I came to Kansas, and"until thej Senior, to assassinate all tbe leaiuig federal officeholders day, when 1 was opposing one of Robinson's Ideas, sons i In Kat sas. Let bim deny this fact if bo dare, and that one said to me tbat you and I ought to support him be I witnem will give bis solemn testimony to gootaia me If cause we made him. I retorted that it was never too latestoa, left Lawrence in November, 1867, b e came to m eand informed me that John Brown was at the house of a I think that the foregoing state " gentleman, two miles west of Iawreaoe, aad that hewanted a small party of young men to leave tbe Territory vindicate the troth of history, sa». . to attend a military school to Iowa, and asked ma to go. heart, the perjured soul, snd debasedstiii I believe through all my lu*e I have borne'tu unsalleast one living witness, trbose veracity no man bas ever1 "slandered" bim, or spoke slightingly of hlai, untilto repent—tbat having committed an error of judgment was no valla reason for persisting to it Rabins>a charges you, sard some one, with intending to unmake bim. Well, 1suppose,1added,jocularly,wehavearighttodowhatThe Connecticut electionto regarded ben a 1 highly important at this time that the sssemoled people tbe Senate Barper's Ferry Investigating Committee. I John Brown's movement, as I then understood ry, notwithstanding tha diminished mtjonj of Kansas should occupy s Unable position—one that the bad already prepared for puolica-i.m a lette' covering it, was to prepare for resisting any attempt to feared that the money of tha New York to countryandtheworldwillsustain. Thereis,ttSeemsto thepointsnecessarytobeelucidated. Itwillanswer torse theLecomptonooastttntioa upon Kaaaas,come tradersinslaves,cotton,sugaraaddrysatto aid in securing quiet, in order to destroy their mdaeaoe to yon, or any one, to get a knowledge of mv designs.wjsto the people. He said' teey acted oa the priociple During the early part of Kansas history, and until 1 was cessful aCnvu'Btranou os justice, and the federal govern tkobist, and tbe only otber peraon in Kansas wbo avowed ligbtior me to drive it out of Missouri or Virginia, and their various wares to the gigantic proeUvtn tbattheendjustified themeans,aadthey beei'.atedatno sadly taught to knowand mwtrostbim,notwo menin mentbasnoauthoritytointerferewithysn to the exer- tobim(Robinson)suchdesigns;that you badtoldhim tbusputanendtothe causeof all this Strifesadblood- How York city,and in theataveboldingSsa falseboodorUbelagainst anym«owhostood to their Ksnsasweremore intimate. Scarcelya questionarising ciseofthisright. ShouldItdoso.Itbecomesatyrannical oftbeseplansaftertbeyfailedof Beingcarriedout; that sbed, TbswasmyunderstandingofJdhnBrown'sob- naturally beshakentotheoraterbyllutsnMsW may,prevideditpromisedtofurthertheirobject. This, aboutthetroublesbitwedissmwed;andhekno*«, usurpationofpower,andresistanceonyourptrtbocomes butfewwereinthesecret,thoughmanywereop-rating ject*benCookcametome.I,beingunderengagement bilationoftheirbusinessInterest*sadbe said, aocounted for the slanders of the reporters w t u were in tbe snbeme agatost those wbo o^poso'l them.as well as other men know, that, though firm in o u r justifiableeeir defence. Thesecondand untenable position talcing my opinions, Iwas ever prudent and everovitiois. a resistant e of a federal officer in tbe sarvioe rf a legalOithecausesofdifferencebetweenRobinsonandmy- process,wbenthedefenceoftheStateorganizationIsnotwith yon; aad tbat because of this you opposed to the proprietor of the Kansas Sews, could act leave u as have been fulminated throughout thevctirg under the Territorial organization and Le- the time, and wrote a Utter to Captain Brown, acq laint- well understood that the numercui large comptonconstitution-thuthereportersoftbe tngbtmwrihthecause.1didnot,nordidanyoneelse towns,especiallytotheWestrnhalfofpress generally acted with . you; thm to pur- to Kan;as, tbat I know of, bave a mora distinct uader- are mare appendages of New York city hsuance- of their plana they made war upon all wbo op- ttendingthanthisofJohnBrown'splansuntilthefolio*- capitalutiitnaUtUum,NotTar\.satrrAaw*rntt-i therulingi posed tbem, stopping U no slauder or libel for the ac tog summer. We all felt taat U soma time the slave power Sew York Jot* do tktir note lAacnv, Sm I>t rM •altodoa,Wknetaknewofbutonetttetnpttosetonfoot1rem-This' was led by Col. lene, who Mr. Redptth self yon know something, but several things have ocoir- Involved Should a collision occur und. r such circomiunder a strotffe; pledge to set as their leader In red since yen left Kansas that bave addnd more in .esse stances, it would be most unfortunate, aad should be *ghting Boon after tbe oreatioa ot tbe Militarr Board bitterness to it on bis part You know of the schemes for avoided If possible. Ii an attempt, however, is made to waaaen beard Oen. Lane say tnat he had given orders to land grants, which all good men here bare had to fight, as arrest the members 01 the State organisation, merely be-the Brigadier Generals to Mrike at several potots in tbe •ere corrupt schemes of a few men to get tbe rail:-n» 1 In- cause tbey air such, with a view to disable it, then re "isTerritory. wtb a view, as he aoderetood, to effect a gene- terests In their hands, and they would bave »old out free tance become s defence or the State organization, and mani-ral slaughter of pro slavery men His orders were nwver eoxistrmtions snd all else for it. Tneo the recent cause an«°s festly justifiable. Accordingly, all persons against whomobeyed, if given, and soon after he went Into Southern from a 1lgantic piece of Ualpbtoiam about tbe old cltim for Indictments are known to be pending for any otber charge to act as the military leader of such a scheme.wouldreel"theirbloodyinstructionsreturntoplaguethe financier*andeapitalitt arettetrcawdtaskiftrmm inventor." William A. Philips did not, I am poMtive, York ctty tn/tvenca, in a ward, dxfum fltaataP bave any definite idea of John Brown'B plans, sad I fata* sad cater taest ttfec a avmenU Turn i*M know, too, tbat be exerted bto utmost influence oToti, material, arwaial and deril-ik Tssy ar| to prevent Ksgi, Cook, Bealf and Parsons going pound of blind, narrow-minded coasts 1sou away; tbat he did afterwards persuade Parsons ism, of Uriah-Heepism, of a pretentious, sttkwith the purpose, as Sir. Leonha't, one of his losses In the Kansas war. Not satisfied with trying to than that of being a member of the State organization, Third—Tbat he (Robicson) heard General Lanesay,sooais, afterwards told witness, to much upon Fort get paid by Ongress for ail theae losses caused by mis- should not be found at tbe Capitol, as that might involve after tbe creation of tbe Mill ary Board by tbe Territorial to leave Cantata Brown, and very earnestly endeavored tog, money aristocracy. Not one spark tf parSome United States troops were in tbat vicinity at govern ment of the federal administration, tbese m en the people in his case. We feel tbat our hope of success Legislature of 1817-48, thatho (Lane) had given orders to induce Ksgi to do so hVew»e. I know be approved, tuneat, act a glimmer of lofty counstioa, aa 1, and Mr. I. said ties. Lane showed tbe whits feather aad basked down.smuggled a bill throogh tbe Legislature a year ago to in this important crisis depends, first, upon a right posi-makb it a Teritoral debt. As many were interestel ia tJon, and, second,upon calm, unflinching firmness. Y on tbese claims it threatened (0 be a formidable combination. bave met for the purpose of doing wbat other new Statestoo, of my not going, though we did not coincide to our Uon that favors the bope of seturisg BMSB to tbe general ot divisions to strike at various potots to views. 1am tore he bad no definite knowledge of the humanity ever penetrated the dense sad aasnitbe Territory, to order to cfleet a general stough»r of pro- this was an insane movement of Lute's alone, but he I saw tbe iniquities of the whole scheme, and have stood have done, and wbat you have aoonstltatloual right to do; slavery men. These orders, Robinson says, were neverplans and but little suspicion till tonr afterwards of tha those infioenees Spreading out from tctir oat real object of tbe old hero You and I, believing ta tho tog tbeir eanoerods roots into the saireaBstafr* ssme principles, conversed freely of tbe supposed they infect them with a virus Out would to f* plans of Brown and m en. When I first knew the realWitness supposed, until the conversation with Redpath,understands that it was a concerted plan of the revo- in the breach and opposed it bere, although I have never, and no man or class of men have a right to interfere—netobeyed if given, and Lace soon after wen; into Soutbem Kai sas to attack Fort Scott, and backed down bdtore the United States troops.This I believe to be a synopsis of tho telegraphic sum- maryo'Robinson'stestimony. Iobserve,too,tbatata public meeting in Lawrence this ready witness acknow-eomplffbrrcLt ct tbe object sought; and further, that they, tbe reporters, boasted of being able to mase or unmake any man tbey cboee, through toe papers to whica they had access; and further, that General Leae was pledgedThe Commissioners wbo awarded the claims appear to to this absence, ASit ts, you have our earnest solicitude leeged the correctness of said summary. As to my ownbave been but weak men. Think of them allowing Robin- snd fervent prayer that all m ay go well with yoa, and views of this testimony, I will first brtefly give m y sont24,0i0.Why,youknowbeneverhadasminythatyoumayearn—asyonwill,ifeverystepisjudiciouslyopinionofitasawhole,andthenendeavortoprovethatreputsttongivenbimbytbemenhenovabusesOnesusedtabeutothecitiessadtogtowns;bstiton intoaBut hundreds to lose. It was so with about half a dozenof and firmly takJb—the gratitude of millions of our fellnir opinion in detail. Charles Robinson, when be swore to Charles Robinson was thought to be aa honest, courage tricts, the country towns, always tottedway *Mthelargeclaims. Isoon learnedthattheschemawasto set Itintowarrants and bonds, and make it tbe basis of a batik A good msny more went into this bank scheme.tbestatementspublishedas having been made bybim before tbe Senate Committee, swore to what, I have no hesitation In saytog,he knew to be a wicked, del berate and malicious perjury, and that for the sake of gratifying a mean and most contemptible personal s Ito aga nst the persons named. Now, to answer the points sertaaatFoe*—WhileItIstruetbatJohnBrown,long beforegoingtoKansas,believedthatslaverywouldculminatetoousantislavery man,and the young menIn Kansaswriting for the republican press spoke of htm as such.Wm. A Phillips, whom he now abases so vilely, wenteven farther: be not only worked, aa a politician, step* of the whig party. Tbeptoptaof th*for Robinson's elevation—not only, sa a reporter, dtsertod its banner*, aad tb* cities aad toywrote him up—but, as a personal friend, oa where mercenary sasaotoskna prevail, arttic** for I beat of rttho* dest rallypou caution tl tbe eye.' cations it tirocla.ni' papersm fererfronTO* At a tilaad anaturned awbo loviwhocoalshould c and a s o her, *Bd garo a* " spawa theociu " a btob New Y outterly •bomimROMA.- Itobod ai tbe erptlife togeviiie.asat the t marrto, bnof j* ly t i r t But tbebloodshed, and tbat he must take part In tbat struggle, It / Charles Robinson before tbe Senate Committee. Tbe first went before tbe Commissioners and g ve testimony, ject of revolution, hence all of bis statements relattog si not true tbat bo either created or had anything toIn the fluctuations of our pontics we area to tertiU ef trade, atsaasra and staeer*men,andtheapprobation oftheGodof Justice and Haandwerealways too much lor them t~' raltet results now. Since tbe democraticBSY pro slavery and anti democratic, it Is fottosajmanlty.GBOBOB W. SMITH,CaaauH ROBIMSOX, GAIPS JKXKI.VS.(!BO W. DsmucR, H*NRYT.WILUAM3, JomtBBOWW,Jr."report 1hat reached bere was the one published in the which proved that in soma of the cases tbey had thereto are perjuries. He says tbat I was opposedto do with bringing about the Kansas struggle. In theWorcester(Mass.)SpyofUw13thlost. ThanIallowedtentimestoomuch.AstheyhadalreadylisuedtakingpossessiouoftheLecomptonStategovernmentatwinterof18M-'6,JohnBrown'ssons,John,wasawardedtoRobinsonbytheproasoftbecountry,leparatedtaoursaittfoslatauteM,artaw saw tbe infamous leader of the Boston Herald, of the same tbe awards they had to suppress m y tea itnony. They the ballot box, because he (' 'I") saw ia such a policy an Jason, Owen, Frederick, Salmon aad Oliver, with on she strength of tbese able, comprehensive aad states ta a coauaoa coast. We ars thus bevtoj,'tbe members, denounced tbe transaction and thesup presston of my testimony, and aided materially In the da- feat of that scheme.This winter wben tbe Legislature first met I had thoughitototthe matter alone, as I was not specially called on tolead an opposition under such intense hostility, and it was was in favor of permitting It to fall still born; toother March ol that year, 8,600 armed men cams from Missouri,ever boasted, a s Robinson affirms, h a is a ease to point aristocracy of the country agates1th*to prove bow idle was the boast Gea. Lane, whom try. The attempted reaction againstrep Robinson hates with the utmos; virulence of bis malignant this form. It bas assumed it dnunotiy is caure. wasformerly, to mythinking, thabeatabused havetheslaveholdersoftbeSouthiaIs* msn to tho free State party, white Robinson was most Jews sad other money leaders of New landed. Gea. Lane bas grown to a proud position in the Winslows sad Shermans, and wekavtKansas, while Robinson has fallen so tow " that there be none BOpoor to do him reverence "Gen Lane never could have been at the head of anyrevolutionary party. Hewasalwaysopposedtooffen- adversetothedoctrinesofShortysadsive operstiocs. When the summer campaign of 1866was pesttog I was an attentive observer of lane's polioy•s General. I have no hesitation to avowing my belief thuIt was Lane's management which prevented atthat timea civil war from ensuing; a result to the then state of affairsalways possible, and which often appeared inevitable.The Union savers, I think, should nominate GeneralLane as their candidate for th* Presidency, for be has force of theae malign influences Brought certainly done more practically to prevent tbe patched, ber voters, under the meat favorable 1' cracked and gaping vessel from quite failing to pieces the trading and manufacturing aad all tban'any other public man I know. Being an avowed crippled by improvident tegis lauon aad revolutionist, I shall not he accused of aay particular ston, cannot be driven from her moorhnt to frienoship for Lane to making the suggestion. Ail the pests as have blown to the late election,find one thu can ?The result to Connecticutto thus viewed to)tbe duty of the Legislature. A committee, however, wasmoved to fovesttgate tbe issue of bonds and warrants inviolation of taw. Tbe chairman of that committee wasevidently in the scheme, as were some of the members,wbo determined to choke the investigation. One member 0' becoming a millionaire—caused him to favor the oopo report of your testimony before the Senate Committee, or of tbe commute, an honest farmer In the Legiilatnra, Mr. site policy and to work among his supporters and parasitesI. to toe enclosed, which I have copied Worcester (Mae*.) Spy of the 13th tost., awords, I was opposed, by accepting it, to tbe establishment of slavery In Kansas. The vast land grants embodied in that,and the Governor's hope of getting hold of them, and thereby accomplishing his most earnest aspiration—thatgoods and otber commercial bouses, t b t store trade and to the sugar and COKOS tog with the same Interests, snd together money like water to corrupt voters, saFitspatrick,ofShawneecounty,cameandaskedmetoaid to secure his nomination as Governor. Ia my bim, telling me be must have aid or be woold fail, and speech en that occasion I undertook to thwart thisBut th* great masses of the rural datricts stood the immovable bulwarks of geaone1 throughout our entire history, aad we ban: to believe thu they will not continue to ten If * State situated like Connecticut, with f*"for such a report in whole or in part."Haveyoathere,orelsewhere,everattendsash intoaroomandthreatenedtoshootbimifhepersevered dateforGovernorwasCaptainJohnBrown,becausebethat one ot the heavy claimants bad already taken him project, and, as you well remember, said that my candi-ss ss to give say possible data for such an ar- to the investigation After such an appeal I could was a man whom we osasa trust, snd that no poltioian not refuse, and lent what aid I could to check this schema should be permitted to occupy such a dangerous posi- I bope yoa will pardon me for adding, that I will re- of rascality. This is one grand secret of the hatred tion. Robinson's eye glittered like a snake's as I said1 anything but a full aad explicit answer as an ad and malignity ot the attack on me. It Is Indeed a pitiahat yon bave done so. 1 will further presume to ble fact in modern legislation that those whi rtare remain so, for he saw that I knew bis game, and was determined_j if yon bave not done so I will expect a public its tree to tbe public Interests are worst abased. I do not to thwart It; hence his misrepresentation of my policy •from jou to be published with tbe report, ani sat- fear or shrink from this highhanded malignity, but the now. You will remember that I was disappointed in therto set at rest tbe charges therein male. Saould honor of tbe party, as well as my own, demands a vindi- action o( that Convection, for It determined net to takepossession of tbe Lecompton State government, bat,as The stock, frc , was conveyed to Illinois,to their uncleone of tbe Committee on Resolutions, I made a report in Frederick's borne, a a d there wintered, rbey reached favor of it, and supported tbat policy to the convention Kanaie to the spring of '56, and settled on Potewatomteboth b y m y vote and speech. What I opposed there was, creek, about ten miles from Osaawatornie. On the 80th of the intention to run It If it passed torough Congress; for I1 to do so I will regard as an alhosloa to Its.thisbyafriend,T.DThatcher,Esq,bytheselibellouscharges,ofwhichbedarestomakeyoaandthebolter'sticketIdidnotpromisetoabidebyonsodaidIntheirdefence.HecertainlytookBOparttosionbetweentbefederaltroopsorauthoritiessadtbecampaign. lativ-1appealtoyoarcandorandsenseofjusticeinthismatter boundInhonorbyitsdecision,andthereforedidnot man.TwentyfivehundredMtosoartonawarscamped underhscommandactivelyemployed,orapparentlyso, Hopingtohearfromyoaatasearlyadataaspossible,countenancethoactionofthobolters.TbatwasallthearoundLawrence,whenJohnBrown,withsevenstal-todrivingouttheruffians.Ifhehadallowedthemtodo BeforeBoo.Judg*Ssttitoy- promptLst BBS hope, sir , that I will be able to remain, re- spootfally, yours, / WM. A . Pmxura.Gov. Q u a Boansox.^LtwBawrw, Feb. 21,1809.party wheeled r*ght about from their Big Springs .with enclosure,was banded to mebyMr. DEABPHiLurs—Your letter of February 24 didnot policy. Tbatpolicywasrevolutionorhypocrisy,foroneI remain your friend, WM. A . PHILLIES. REDPATH TO PHILLIPS.coKCsaima RKVOIXTION-AKY SCHXKKSI.V KABSAS. LAWBSSCB, Kansas, April 2,18«0.difterence between oar actions—one of a s , tbat i s , pub- worth sons, came to volunteer to Its defence. What w a s licly lied, and the oth r didn't It is true that I opposed the cause or the array against Lawrencef It was the re-equally true tbat, at Grasshopper Falls, tbe free State1MTANNEXING OF T R I OBAXP JO*^ Aran. 0—This morning the folio wingsworn oa tbhoGrsad Jury for this dntriot- W. M Harris, fwesaea^« Wto A. Fanxm, BSQ. —I>ear Sir— Your note of the WILLIAM A Pamirs, ESQ , M.tsUAuu-sisTis:—reach me till March 26. Jt wasforwarded from Bostonto of the resolutions w*s to oppose the usurpers code,if irg ascommander to-chief ofthe free State forces, sad tbatGeo. W. BergSB, Joseph Wilton, A. a Baldwin. Bobt T Lewson, Saml G. Striker,BaaryCtosat, A. 8tedw*s, Be*j Batowto,c Jonatft*" 'the ltsertkm of s paragraph to the Bostea Tr*- whtohttwas stated that I should deny unlsr id every oee of his statoDects attributed to B-ai*£""5_*» * * ofnrtal report o f bis evidence should b estatement of Governor Robinson a own opinion ft wan hisfirstannoancemMit of it tbat drove me from aim Long after all the otber anti stoTery^Si intofree 8^5. party M a l l U t m f e a w . M m V o s a m i n s a S o 7 r ! t o " £expartones, and « « ? V ^ - T _ iS duties of grand jurors before. B* • £ _tbe policy of voting at Grasshopper Falls; but It is volutionary resisttnee mads agatost tbe bogus SAithortttosw b u they wished, aod wbto Char res Robinson wished— v i a , come Into collision with the federal troops, civil war mutt bave ensued. Where would have been the Union then, aad where slavery?It is quite amusing, If it ware not so baas, to one whoknows, to hear Rootason accuse lane or Phillips withbeing revolutionists. Robinson, ta 1866, was always un-derstood to be to favor of resistance to either Missouri orfederal ruffians. He proposed to Captain John Brownto seise, carry away, and assassinate, or otherwise gstout 01 tbe wsy, the federal Territorial officers. This was A F. Goodcow, while a prisoner oa a charge of treason, aad shortly after Garret Bergen,,I bare to stats that I have no copy of my Ashtabula county, where I was sojourning, at the resi- need be, "ton bloody issue." Up to tae assemblingof it was his friends who aided in bringing on the collision, w I would send it to you as the best reply I dence of John Brown, Jr., awaiting the arrival and pre- tbe Grasshopper fails Convention, therefore, I was no iLjis true thst"01d John Brown"—stern soul, rigid Puritan ts to, your tottor. My testimony was all given paring lor the reception of an official visiter from Wash mere, a revolutionist than any other free State man to aadbraveheart,ashewas—havingputhishandtothe interrogatoriee, sad was specially called togtoe. But tbe Sergeant at Kruxe did not come, and, c >a Kansas—not nearly such a red republican as Robinson plough did not.wish to turn back or falter, as did Charles •esttoas propounded. Tbat to refereuoe to aequently, did not give m tbe opportunity to drum him Tor I never ran away from danger to urge the Governors Robinson. 80 much for John Brown creating a revolutionAogcatatf" Geo. L B s StepheaB.1 lbllo D Giltort, Luke W.was chieiiy to answer to qaestions as to what out of tbe county. When I opened your latter and read of the free States to begin a civil war—never urged the 'Mr. Badpath, aad was a true statement the words "Dear Sir" and the two next sentences, I closed staMsinatlon of tbe leading federal ofloaholders, anda*s disclosures to me. The report of what to It indignantly and did not open It again till the following never advised the tree Bute man to fire on the troops of- ^_ - _ - ~ - to Basaaacanrsto report of my tosti- day. Why* Because it seemed to indicate that you be- tbe United States r m—In Kansas. Now for tbe other points.Seooid—With regard to your being a rerolutionist,you, I believe, have never sought to conceal tho fact For tho statemenU made a:oui the alleged conversation I have only to say that any person knowing both yon sad Robioaoa would be very lothto believethotottertohisassertion. It would cer- tainly ha very unlike yon to acquaint a man, commonly regarded hy the radicals of Kaaaas as a traitor, with tho designs affirmed, tr any such ever bad existence. Bat n o msn knows better than Robinson t h u h e was lying foully and maliciously whoa bo gave utterance to the charge. That there was a sentiment which, born of tho struggle, bad culminated logically to an intense desire to overthrow slavery by any and every means, is most true; bat that such desire had ever assumed shape a n i oonststoaoy la the form of a conspiracy, to a statement having substance only to tbe treacherous and traitorous lips that gave utter- ance ton. Some of us reasoned from cease to effect, aad wben we fait asweU as saw the effeeto of slavery, wa very ralarally grew to consider how bast to reach tooZebnton B. Combs,Jas B . Frothtogbam,Deal Bedell, TheJudge,toaddressingtheGrandJsrjeasaT of! tCkwES.!L?w*IB**t *° **• ba>- w l t * t n e sxoep lieved GOT.Kobmsonto statements, sad, therefore, were I would ratber hare ssea tbe Kansas free State menawaasnwS,mmtmi • • to the voting under the Ltcomp- Ixclined to Impeach my honor For you know that I drive oat the usurpers than recognise their cole by voting1 4 t r u e could no*, bars said what he stated I said without fasten- under it; but from the moment that they decided to usethe disposal of the Topeka Legislature oa lbs 4th of July,leS*. H e urged It very strongly upon Capt Browa.Robinson gained information and transmitted tt to CaptBrown,at tha time when tbe Governor,Shanaca,theJudges, United States Marshall, aad other officiate, wouldbe to Lrcompton. He, as the free State Governor andgeneral of the volunteers, signed an order on the Central the United States within the ^ « - * r f " * r ^ Committee of Safety for $1,000, wherewith to equipBrown's company. Tha oaaae of not honoring It, or of New York, ar oa the high seas wtthtotto J-htoatrWrit^^i *'^ - Bythat, latanUiat they had been summoned for the V**~ ng what oftVBces had bean eonrmittod sgatotf•»*. Yary trwrv*^ing 00 my soul tbe crimes of falsehood aad or treachery the ballot box In preference to the cartridge box, my pab- statemenU of ReipatU to m< st foul. When I read further I saw that I bad mista- 11crecord will show s s dearly as Reason's that I actedken your Intenttoa, which, I Infer, Is, that I shall publishyour tetter with my reply to i t 1 begin that duty, leav-ing it to tbe jodgmeat of mjrpnbttsbers to say who shallprint tt, and In what public journal It shall first appear.I have the right to ask that yon la your section or the coun-try sha.:i tee that my rejoinder Is published there alto. man wbo stood to their way, provided itWhen I read GOT. Robinson's testimony, I endeavor*! premised to further their object"^Kosr, whiteT this toners • contradicted b y telegraph. I failed. I than is a total perversion of m y lifelong ideas it to 1 n « rccnststenily with tbat determination. Grasshopper Falls.8 0 much, then, fo 'of the Csroatt Court Their toquirtos tnww confined to oflbaoos agatost tbe towsef tbs t s all oftoaoss sgatoat th* Stotatowt a n 1Robinson says:-'-He (Redpath) said they acted on tbs pi incipie that the end justifies tbe means, and tbey heal. tatod at no falsehood or Ubel ' again.,; l a ywbat became of it. perhaps Wm. Hutchinson, (Randolphof the Mow York m e t ) , who was a member of theoom-mittee, caa Inform us. Stoee ventilation is tbs order ofthe day, will it not be as well to give these things sa by asother tribunal. B would net be airing. Perhaps Robinson will Inform a s about a certainGmta^wJlrSJ* ICchl«*n. Iaaw ia Its New Y>rk!H- lilgnes.witsiprostevery officials, In order to obtain oar- rcot of tbe evil. Thence It was that John Brown coaldT^w-aieaonrfM-^-^jjfcded^m yoar letter, and tain railroad granto, I having la the sasaaUmeliveltoand sasa to Kansas as wiiitog to go to Harper's Ferry; hence tt to tbat to tbat same fevwrea lead many more will yet be found, if necessary, to lollow to the footsteps of our heroic friends la Virginia.But there is one point which should be elucidated. Bob- tenon asserts that yon was opposed to voting for State offi rcrs under tbe Lecompton Constitution. This to a he. Yoa was a a-ember of tbe Committee on Rasolntioas, of which I also was a member. Y on brought la a minority renort in favor of votlne. as did also Cbamoion Vaoarbaa.« toon wroto o totter to the Tribune,rfpard for prk ciples aad ooastetener. after he delivered *•» otroag for publica- It, 1went op to htm and asked. "Governor, why didn'tby citizens of tbe town, prominent among whom was Cov. Robinson's private secretary, 8 C Smith It ap- pears that before Brown was la arms Robinson was act-1"***, * * *--** * *Ji tMojsne a synonym for tratvw in our voitrt l,t* * ^rf„nirsdonot. . „ wthe tovaaata TasteratorsTtor*^ ""'- 'stavmeutosavotonwtt, 'JJgJ^ therevotott^•««*3coaitast«|mts,to ohi*^devil with H, sod then there's the devil to p ***.}•TMJ ever attacked Robinson, nor were they ever aacasei of .j thus entotttog npoa Ihesn thetoe*e**Tand staoy'eitse any Free State man, untoss stotonsai mduies j' tUtog tbe caret to Watbiagtoa towtttoaa ta'ject to openinr sn acsoant with h*m His* - / i . i 0 . t f 4 t e - G. W. Brown among tnem. rnestobters retailed byre- ;I were ooCMactlj being sumsiooc4teporters, if any, as yoa aad I etotan*, wero sateflou ; tr witnesses, nned heavily tf a <ew i_by Cbaties Robmsen, agatost his rtvais and personal foee, , •a the moat frivolous charges, and to throughtbeagency,directandinitrcct,ofbatspecial noyeisndoutraged. IaNovember,ft (steads amocg the repotiers, vis : S. C South (hit private sataated ta a brxtal whipping, by ape* secretory),wbowasformerlycorresouadoatoftneNewMrs.Stone,tbswileofafree«tatestta.with or 4VWlfcout w> *«*» aomntferon* Insect to York Itwut aad Boston Jowtfd „ Wni.ern Hatcbtasia, been driven out to 1 6 , bad a r-i-|i <w atoa Sn bis ear, the haders ef •^ p%rty ^ ^ ^ «* "Randolph'orthe N*wYork JVmes,aodoftbrOaicago Tbettttieiaaatt»usaaa river a-Vr.,- * ann.ber of bis adberen* , , * , ^ him ta. Pieti at a /Vvuwr : 6 C Rut-sell »,wto*f,*' of the aisaourt thing, aaa orgaatoed a ere* to try fee g - ^ "M1 William A . Phillips was, and stilt is. the sp-etal corres-.,,,.-..,.._., o-.if__. submitted, detormtotosteavti. £ J z -T". * • *ThetoaderofibcTrTnHsaTBw111 wf* IKn of R.reiver to tbe dttrwA LaU oaL ^ J *« » repabUcaa party, and the New York ft wet, now a prominent politician aod a cau i was second to oommana; others •»*« yoa tat the party, a squatter court was <••,» I*M . , .scoundrel Robinson. I bops thai will be 1 shall bave to defile my pen with the nasnlost to all sense or decency and theme at a toperjurehimselftoordertogratifymaliceatbtopersonalends.Yours,truly,which case, there seemed no hesitancy on the part of thefree Slate men to resist tt to a bloody issue, then therewere otber Territories, south aad southwest of as, which itwassupposedwouldbeopenedtosettlementsoon,aadwbicb it was desirable to secure for freedom. It was al- TJKION OF COKMXJaCE, MAJiCFAOTUEES A]BeforeclosingthisIwtobtoalludetothechargeagainsttbe repottms of boaattcg of "making or unmaking anyman tbey pleased.'' Such a charge comes with ill grace democratic sentiment has alwaysflourishedaa from one wbo owes to a great measure h a position to tbe It Is worthy of retsark thu the old whig parleague in 1866: also give us a little mformation aboat theplans be urged, and which were adopted bytho Governors of free States to whom theypresented; that to a certain contingency tha tree formed thu there are three "*"*??£gtr*.1States should furnish , sasa aad arms toattack the slave Baatoa. These and other things 1recommend tha Senate Star Chambar to catechise Robinson Tb* statute inwtdee ***Jg**?oroa, so that tha country may know who war* th*revo-lutionata. But s s all then* plots had for their object kihoa with violence a* tbe htehteet, - ^ M the making of Charles Robinson Governor of Kansas, ta ricaa vessel, the party, oa ^ J 1 4 * ? ^ \ t w u <as well as to name, aad tbs evidence before the Starsuch a Bold for the tootles of the reejtnttstt of w Connecticut Da larger town 1 and village*,s> trade and mechanic arts, finding the chfcf amsatisfaction as a high starting pointfortot«*** any extended charge. "J**?*"! ,sent haters thorn, tt mtoat b*J***TM lartrnoticns. Os*eftsoos* Is » « •—mv yon say one thing more?" He asked what i meant" Wb y »logic1mttonderttool, snd ""P^TLiai tfIrejotosd,«'yOUoughttobaredenouoosd tbe letter wri-ters, sad then yon weald, bave beenstnarelr on o wThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorknan ooutdbeS ^13069www.fultonhistory.comthe party charged had some P ^ "that hs has tttodoceasedlThtt to not «ces**ry TW^ •^_r.w-—i. mm. to exnress *ad lBphsu »»» 