 m•-from tome other Texan.here as they areall carried on between citizens of two differentnations, and one of the most common sobjetts nentlv organized.•believed tlavery ..beoellt to mattor aad slave. All hebed hi the T^m wan the product of slave labor, 1 House, aad the Southerner, not liking something that was nor; aad It te possible that some California member of aadtherefor^ ^ trnttog hawasabovesuspicion. !saidordoaebytheNortherner,drewabowieknife Congresswillbringthtesubjecttotheattentionoflhego-THE NEW IOHE HERALDWHOLE NO. 8638. THE PRESIDENCY .ZI^JL"^. f ^ ^ a * foe Rival Democratic Conven- camel's back, aad then he w r ^ „ „ „ « , « * a , , , ^ The bitterness of feeling between the Northern aad these Imperial Japanese officiate, sad oa the ground that Jiict-A New Boundary Necessary—Where it is to Be— r—- 0m-exports to Mexico only .tions a t Charleston.nteadvicewas"aevererew aad mee the for they make no eflbrt to keep them conceated. Notice*Msxjcaaaw» attempt was male to takeof ikefcrtto«^^"^" *«*•***, **« yea may 1 send yon herewith two accounts of u>* iim.ii_ .< Regnoaa,whereintberar^erebehavadnmrn^saaw!* Oneofthesetetheofficialreport,and!ari^aV.i.TT^^'psrs forwarded to Major Heats-'iathiarkauer;thattheSouthcannotbeoniledontheisvot Thedifficulty ws*subeequenUy reconciled TheSenatemetintomorning,wkhathinandlazytAaaffrayoccurredinoneofthehotelslast quorumpresent,andafteragreeingthattheyhadnothing hop*orprospectbatthataborderwarwillsoonbe abardmattertopreventageneraltightatthatground they have taken, aad that they will not be BUS evening, a pistol drawn aad fired, and the buiint to do, they did nothing, and adjourned to meet oa the rangers were hungry, mad and sleepy and 4M*M5•weidiifi fetter.!«*OHvestkrttLversing wkh a Southerner In tie rotunda of the Mutelate Governors of California, if not by the present Gover-remediableFractureofthe Democratic Party.rtfiilEATIOI OFTEE :fMHMi]9i;«ctamed by their constituent*.Mr. Moino«imiT,c<-IVaBsylvanU,w*Joppceed to thesespeechesprepared to leave, let theengo. They have all made op their mind*, aad w* have made up ear minds. W e wmb to proceed wboainess.There is no prospect of a ballot being taken lonigght in the regalar Convention.tbe rangers were h—passed between the legs of we barkeeper. The police— Wednesday, when the Hemeattad bill come* up to be fiercely inaugurated on the Rio Grande. Great numbers to settle tbe difficulty's qmckry as possible. Tbe lit•** T a n d y ' s*o athern Programme.work at Charleston, has passed, and all that we positively knowtothatthereteanarmisticeofoneday,andthaton Mtnday morning hostilities will be renewed In earnestretrogade motion to the movement; and they the ate.not only believe thte to be destiny, bat they rtoe Methodist UoadreiBzpMitkmof tk«•legations. Ttey agreed to accept it, provided that no existed there for power and plunder—the corruptionkamw.cn be made aniens the candidate have notice. To and bargain* of a general scramble for office. He wasthe scarcity of water to the vicinity the Are got under destroyed the treaty. The want of some such under-daughter, P. C. Benckert, Mrs. John L. Watson, Mr*, a A. Schroeder, P W. Scribner, Mrs A W. Rice.E H Parker, Mrs. Pierrepont, Mr. Duddlng and wife. Mm E. B Bel- man.Mrs C.S.Bjyd.8.McFadden,N.G.Reed,Mrs. Gladwinandinfant,A.F.Dumey,wife and child;F.8. Thompson and wife, Jco. Mcallte, Mrs. F . McAUto and two children, Mrs. R H Sterling a n d child, James Lon- don. H H. Smith, M. H. Eastman, J.H.Campbell,M. Kit.y, Mis Nye and child, Mrs. Geo N y e and child, Mad. P. Calteroc, L F . Drvden, wife and two children; M r . Valizo and brother, W. Green, W Harghton, C K. God- win, L. J Foster, W. F . Jones, D. Keeler, Mrs. Legato and two children. 8 Kline.Suicide ut Boston.BOSTON, May 1, 1880.Jobn H Browne, a well known lawyer of thte city,very severe on the New York soft shell delegation, who wtgiammeistoInducethe remaining Southern delega- came here,be said,professing adesiretoJoininsuchaFirst ballot—over" " Not over14S 165good headway before their services were of much avail Tbe steam fire engine belonging to Messrs. Wall & Son's rope walk was set to work, and did good service until thestanding has been most destructive to the interests of thte section oi the country, for the want of slave labor te par- ticularly felteharr the arch trad of blackto ee sumtioa nasi stmyrsmtee wAum%Beooaeluded by deeiarteg that fw mtendelto remeiatathe Convention until the rest fe j^tr wan ytneed oa the tornado.0 PAU SHELLS UOSG TIB BOLTERS. era del* gates aad others, aad the excitement was ef the most Intense description.common time by colu:, n of platoons, flank movements by the right and left of platoons, forming line of battle on second company, marching in line ot battle, &o. The bat- talion was then practised in firing by platoon,file*ami aetiabon.complished; and they also believe that the country west of the Rio Grande aad east or the Sierra Madre Moun- tains ought to belong to Texas.The Rio Grande te no proper boundary between Texasand Mexico; for the races that live upon the oppositebanks oT that river are diametrically opposed to eachJanes, ecott, Parker and Amea were preesai, and at * u A. M. tbe venerable Bishop, Ber. Thorns* A. Monte, sail, ed the Conference to order.Religious services of an Impressive character foBswai » which were participated in by the presiding Btolkspi Bishop Janes, Rev. Alfred Brunson, of Waooasto, a n g Rev. Charles B Tippet, of BaltimoreThe Secretary and assistant Secretaries of the test Ge- neral Conference were invited to com* forward aad antUM tf tke New York legeacy Dele- *atioiforPresident,Mr. Surra, of Alabama, proposed that the meeting ad- Jouatothe open sir, as the hail was evidently too smallto.bold all who desired to take part In the proceedings. Mr. YARCSY, of Alabama, rose to speak, and was greeted•VB SPECIALCHABLEBTON DESP A TCH.The list ef conferences was then called.No delegates were present from the Vermont Can*Cxtaaxssaoa, May 1,1840. Surfy all of the Georgia delegation, aad the remainder i At Ai t u t u delegates, except one rote, seceded th atk* Ksatacky, North Carolina, Vlrgtoia,or?and delegate* asked the consent of Ute Convention m•«»magtoretirefortsensurtation,whichTOgranted,fifteen out o f twenty seven o f t h e Pennsylvania dete- st* will go oyer tf Doagdas be nominated.TVNew York dektjeatoa voted hiCWMM thin morningatcandidate,withthefollowing result:—Douglas,37,«of Ute 70 delegate* ; Dfesdaaon, 90; Guthrie, 10; Han-IB, 1 Breckinridge, 1—which tent vote > u given b ydel Rjndera Thus, Douglas has* bare majority. Spinola,stUagafln and Peck, of Brooklyn, wove expected to votewaetneon.Mtomeof thoee gentlemen promised to do«. Dmn Richmond, dagger A CO, voted for Douglas, andjnt Cochrane for Guthrie. Crosweli charged Richmond stitutional lovers o f this republic. W e only know, h e* ike rest of the Regency with violation of faith In notfttjfforDickinson,sadproducedletterstoproveit we are here to preserve our right* andtore-Ms Cochrane and others will join the Sooth if two or dress o u r wrongs. If w e b a d submitted quietlyObjection waa made by Mr. Bnrssos to the adaatestoa of toe fifteen delegates from the Wareonsm Cooferenoe, oa the gound of improper means being employed to secure tbe election of a fifth delegate from that Contortarwaore Southern delegations secede,iffcpcstmn has bean made la caucus to adjourn thetotheunjustproceedingsortheConventionwe have left, we would have done that which would have driven oa from the land our forefathers gave as, weThe Eastern delegations have not been doing much, al-though considerably exercised about the result. Massa-chusetts te regarded with considerable interest, and 1 The life of Sam Houston, they think, may be taken tknply through an inveterate hate of the people and thirst ed by the respective Conference*.ttetHtestion to the people. Bat this is not Likely to fens*and ultimately we would have been driven from the spot In which their sacred ashes repose. Mr. Preston spoke at consideral le le. gth, and was repeatedly loudly cheered.just as they are doing if I waa similarlywill come borne with colors flying, and John Cochrane, as tne conflict, hundreds of Mexicans are already collected In the afternoon session, Bishop Baker to the chair,Death* will probably got the nominationHis friendsa? • will be dbnanmmated to-day. A confldential agenttf Dn|lat says that the section of the republicans rep-fnilii by the Tribune, and Blair, of Silrer Springs, ofkrei the repabUenn nomination to Douglas, and the oakamm of the friends of the Illinois Senator is, that they willlet all the moderate portion of the republican vote in NewMr. YASCWT then took the floor and stated his views o nthe. position occupied by the Southern delegates. W eappear here simply a* citizens of the State* inwhen we live. We were sent to the National Demo-cratic Convention a* delegates, but our mission has in the mattor of ubiquity. General Butler, who opposes beenfulfilledandweretireasmerecitixenifromthelate Douglas,but goes fortheCincinnati platformwithhisat Silver Springs, are becoming somewhat frequent a* tbe parties recognise the impossibility of maintaining the pre-safes New York delegation would not agree, and Itstus notto go oat, bat to act with then, repeal the two- nomination a* would suit the South, but just BOsoon a*^^.165 watergaveout Thefiremaderapidheadway, untilthe Tbemysteriousorganization,entitledtheKnightsoftheit the calling of the roll the Georgia delegation claimed aeastthewholetenvotesoftheState. TheChairde- em against it. An appeal was taken from the decision •heChair, buttheChairwas sustained—NewYorkat km voting against and afterwards in favor o f sustaining. a s h important and looks anti Douglas.Mr Const, of Ohio, offered a resolution to the effect that • tvoo clock the Convention proceed to nominate candi- CUM lor President h a d Vice President, which w a swounded,andHughAtkins,twoengineers,andtwopas- areatallpostedinthesecretsoftheInnercircle.Aequlttul ofAlleged Slavers. NORFOLK May 1,186UCap! Land, the mate and supercargo of the brig Virgi- nian. charged with being engaged tn the slave trade, wars acquitted to-day in the United States District CourtFire in Chicago.CHICAGO, May 1,1860,A fire broke out this morning in the clothing store of Barrett, Ring A Co., which destroyed t h e enure stock. valuedat$25,000;fullyinsured. Thebuildingwasowned by L Blgelow, whose loss te $16,000; insured for $10,000. Tne building adjoining, occupied a s a livery stable, was crushed by a falling wail; lots $12,GC0.liatoe Navigation.OrsKiKK, May 1, 1860.The steamer City of Cleveland, from Milwaukee for Buffalo, came in here yesterday a n d landed ber passen- gers, having been unable to reach Buflaio oa account of tbe ice.Fire ut Warren, Ohio. CLEVKLAM', May 1,1860.The Convention then took a recess until two o'clock.nOCEEDINGS O f T H E REGULARS' CON- been deprived o f their seats by fraud a n d injustice. H eOUR W ASHINGTON CORRESPONDENCE. W-iSHrjjGTOir, April 30, I860.Dean Richmond at Charleston, and hit Central Railroad Pnyects, in Connection with the Pacific RaHroad—A GrandArrangement—lhe JapaneseEmbassy—Rumorof theRaisingofdieQuestionofColor,dc,etc.The secret of Dean Richmond's treachery to the South,to Dickinson and to Seymour, andbisadhesiontotheVENTION.C&ABiaBTOx, May 1, 1860. tat floor aad north gallery of the hall were literally tauested with ladies, aad the sooth and west gallerieseased with spectators.tat President s table was lined with bouquet*. Theteatsoftheweeding delegate!wereOiledwithleak Carolina ladies.tat Georgia, Virginia a a d North Carolina delegateswas a "hard shell," and the difference between a "hard shell" and a "soft shell" was, that the former sacrificed place for principles, and the latter principle* for place. He had no doubt but that Mayor Wood would hare keen here tf he had known of the meeting.*wt la their teats.Tht Convention was called to order at half past ten, andState.Maryland was called, but no answer was given.Virginia was called, and Mr. FISHM responded, saying tension from the Hudson river to the Pacific ocean.Boston Weekly Baak Statement. BOSTON, May 1, I860.•atktsite.order?As PSBBU>E«T stated that three separate motions to**"•*•« the platform resolutions were pending at the *•* adjournment yesterday, and that Mr. Merrick, of *•**,wasentitledtotheHoar.WITUOBAWAI or tax csoacu TutafliTWaT.1> Bnorati, of Georgia, rose to a privileged question, •Mag that the Georgia delegation had been in a a z i n a •eamlLatonaadpaaaedaeaiieaof resolutions, the Ant ofhesitated about leaving the Convention, In the hops of securing harmony; but wherever goes Alabama there the Carotin** will go also; and be was satisfied that Georgia willbewithusbeforetomorrow,andhehopedalsoevery other Southera State.Georgia was ceiled, when Mr. Lamar responded at a del- egate from that State, and said that h e believed a large majority of hi* delegation, before to-morrow morning,jectured, can be scoured under* liberal bill from Con green,with thenominationofDouglas atCharleston,or by the defeat of the democratic party, and the triumph oftherepublicansinthePresidentialelection.Hence the Syracuse Regency arrangements of Septoav ber last, the election of the Charleston delegates tn the lump, the unitary syttem of voting In the Convention Im- posed upon them, under the guidance of Richmond; for ail these arrangements were subordinate to the schememeeting such views, Information and suggestions as theymay deem proper for consideration, and submit such United States territory. Major Brown had better remainpropositions ss they maythinkwilladvance theobject athomenexttimeandinspectthe armories,torhetesu- Circulation we have in view. perior at determining the weight and perfection of a gun•»»DEBS'CONVENTION.Academy. The institution Is said to be in a very flourishlagcondition, andwellconducted. Thedrillwashigtuy ThelasttrialnpontheplatformI*considered aastillaf-tot Buffalo.repubJfea'^^n*appee! lf»preeaive.oantpbeattons oa the ether aM* increase, bat there are premmer.t men la the whnrveattoa who believe that tbsro will he a general row and break op before a noatiaatioaImtarestlmsi from tm e01*A BAOWN8VILLK OOBaB8J«ONDnHCA.BaowiwvnxB, April», 1860.C&unatros, May 1 , 1*50.St. Andrew's Hall was thronged last night by the Sooth- tenon. The evolutions were a* follows:—Marching inDuring nullification times South Carolina had a park of about one hundred pieces of artillery, cast for the detence with deafening applause. He said that this wana great of the State against the power of the Union. The car-other in all the sentiments which govern men's actions.Our men and the Mexicans are natural enemies, and so as Secretaries of thte Conference till It be organized,crate, sad should be inaugurated with calmness and de-liberation. He proposed that all should retire from t h ehall except the delegate*. They could then organise with the Academy, Mr. Jeremiah McCarty, has been twentylong as there te nothing to subject them to us, or us tothem, thte frontier will be the scene of continual turmoil.I; is part of the Texan's creed that what he lake* from a ference.doe deliberation, and afterwards they would meet their fr .ends in front of the City Hall and addreai them oa the momentous questions at Issue.years in the service of the United States, and is thorough ly posted In his business. I send you herewith a comMexican te his, in payment for what the latter has takenrate with the seceding delegates from the slave States, and that business could not be done a t a meeting. They bad most important business to transact, and it should be attended to immediately, before the teat fatal act was con- summated.prove interesting to military men, and give the readers of the HERALD an idea of the military strength of the Paimet to State.GnininsroM, S C., April 38,1800.The Sixth Doy of (he Session—lhe PlatfonM—DouiilM'Strengthin theConvention—the New Tort Delegation—haps, in a better position to protect herself outside than inside the national democratic camp.If Slidell, Bright and Yancey were out of Charleston, say the Dooglas men, we should have no trouble. Their personal hatred of Douglas will be the secret of the breaking down of the party, If broken up at Charleston.Dean Richmond, say the anti Douglas m e n , h a s beenorconversationinthe saloonsof Brownsvillatethepros* poet oi making a haul from some wealthy Mexican. T oe latter steals Irom us, a n d in return o u r men steal from them; and instead or it being condemned, per as, as wrong, It te rather considered a matter of credit to both partus, li a criminal escapes irom Matamorat to this siue oi the Rio Grande we shield him; H ne escapes from thte side to Mexico, tbe Mexicans do the amiable in the way of hidinghim. lheonlyoiflerence between theirconductand ours is in this, that w e do things openly and wlto a high hand; they r o b a n d assassinate in a stealthy and murderous way. W e hate them and tell them so; they detest us, but dare not express the sentiment.Under such circumstances how can there be any peace between the two peoples? There are scores of men on tnis frontier who are in pursuit of vengeance, for tneir rela- tives nave been killed a n d their property stolen. They are now rangers and frontiersmen, and when they retali-BishopMORRISdecidedthatthefirstfourdelegate*from tbe Wisconsin Conference were entitled to their state 'The list ot delegates was then caUed.Two hundred and twenty-one delegates ware elected, o f Whom sixteen were absentTbe Conference proceeded to the election of Secretary by a band vote, and Dr. H. H. Barries, of tbe Delaware Conference and Secretary o f the last General Coniereeet, was elected.B.Griffin,oftheNewYorkCooferenoe;Dr.Cox.ofthe Pittsburg Conference ; E R Cook, of the Wjsoeasia Oan- ference. and A . N . Fillmore, o f the East TeBrnesaee Ooa- ference, were elected atstetant Secretaries, who assumed the duties of their offices.The tune of daily meeting was fixed at half past eight A M . and an adjournment took place at twelve M.A resolution was adopted providing for the appointment of the follow;ng Standing Committees .—On the Episcopa- cy, on the Itineracy, on Boundaries, on Slavery, oa the Book Concern, on Lay Delegations, on Sunday Schools, oa Revivals, a n a t h e Tract Cause. Each committee la t oMr.YAXCXTmovedthatMr.Bayard,ofDelaware,take the chair, bat he excused himself on account of physical Inability.TheSessionoftheConventionProlongedOverthe Antki fishingtoodeep. HehascheatedSeymour,cheatedDick-Joan C Pnasroa, of South Carolina, was called to th e chair, and ably and eloquently addressed the meeting, re- turning his thanks for the honor conferred upon him. H e considered thte a groat occasion—a movement or the con-pared Period for Its Adjournment, <£c.Thte is the sixth day of tne session, and the ConventionIs absolutely no nearer a nomination than it was four days ago. As an actual fact, the relative position of parties has not been materially changed since th e first day, al- though some new scenes have been shoved upon the poli- tical stage for the purpose oi amusing and also of distract- ing the attention of the uninitiated.inson, tnd cheated himself; for he will never be Secretary oi th-iTreasury, andwill neverrealizethosesplendid railroad land grants of which he has been dreaming ucde- he administration of Douglas.Southern m tn say that upon the contingency of the secession of the South oa the issue of the platform, they will b e justified in protesting against a surrender to the abolition sentiment of the North; and they say tnat, if they had only thought ot it sooner, they would have made the adoption of the platform in Convention by a majority of the States, a line qua aoa.said, the Imperilled institutions of oar country, andpatent to the knowledge of people at home; but what has been done here is not so universally known, although it may become so in time. Mr. Swift, of New Bedford, holds the majority of the Massachusetts delegation in the palm of his hand. He te the representative of Mr. Bu- chanan in the delegation, and a perfect MephistopMlesbflaad and the Northwest, aad thus sweep the whole National CenvenUoa, for it is a mere sectional gathering. own addition, has declared that he will vote for Douglas Berth. Bat this is more easily said than done. The A few Southern delegates still remain there, bat it is in to long as the New York delegation does. General B. has•thtr side say be cannot carry a single State in the Union. Thefriends of Douglas propose to submit the following rawintioa to the Convention altar his nomination. It willke men that, if it hafany meaning at ail, there is a com plete caving in;—Resolved, That ail the cttisen* of the United States have at equal right to fettle with their property in the Terriio net of the United Slab*, and that, unda* aad by the direo tea ef the Supreme Court o f t h e United States, neither two* rights of person n o r property can beldestroyed o r awaked by Congressional or Territorial legislation.gaining golden opinions from all sorts of men.The republicans In the city, the other evening, had a Utile love least over Governor Denmson, of Ohio, and their social consultations at the hospitable house of F . P . Blair,pas, who proclaim their Intention te resist and to destroy American influence in the valley. T n e question n o w Is whether our boundary shall he extended totheSierra Madre or whether it shall recede t> the Nueces, for bothsin Conference was considered.Municipal Election tn Philadelphia, PHILADEU'HU, M ay l , 186)0.the hope of being able to induce the majority to foregotheir black republican purposes that I BOWpropose thatwe shall take no action a t present, b u t remain here towatch the proceedings of that body of which we were re-cently members. Should they nominate Stephen ArnoldDouglas, it will then become our duty to present or recom-mend to the people of the United States candidates forPresident a n d Vice President o f the United Slates on afaftr, just and constitutional basis, and, therefore, a South-ern baste. No action, however, should be taken by the tion. TIMS roremoon the entire bituh were reonaMut-**Tate Albany City Government AUUST, May 1, 1880.the friends of Douglas have thus abandoned their ssaawsssj 1 ilsgstss ansa the proper time arrived. to the Committee on Keeolutkae, aad a motion to instruct tueiu to report a single platform voted down. The vote tostole principles. This has been unanimously adopted inascot by the New York delegation, aad submitted to•*Tennessee, Kentucky, Virginia a a d North Carolinawalk of Mess.-s. Decevee k Walker, situated on tbe Myr- cattle thievts along the frontier. Te remedy thte evil,Mr. BAVABD, ef Delaware, did not regard the influence recommit was carried b y one vol*—162 to 151. The tle avenue plank road, near Johnson street, in the wh«n Vioaurri was to rebellion, in 1861, he made a treaty Lieut N . Wycliffe and wife, Lieut Walker, M. Tubbs andthat there will be more of that State here. He also stated thathehadsentanInvitationtoMayorWoodtobehere. South Carolina w a s called, when Mr. BUD, of that *• kmuaaoa, of Illinois, inquired what was the Bute, came forward, saying that he was one of the three»W»j*rforonionandharmonywasofferedbyHOT.Mr.Resolved, That this meeting feel a lively interest in the subjectof directtrade between Mobile andEurope,and believe that a concerted action Of our citizens te expedi- ent and necessary to promote the object proposed.that overruled principle in the National Conventionso much as the spirit of black republicanism thatfriends of Douglas desired a vote on the majority and mi nonty reports at once, believing that they could carry the minority one.The following is a table of the votes Dauglas will get according to the calculations of an astute calculator —Eighteenth ward. An alarm was immediately given, and with the T«xana to return ail fugitive slaves, and also to wife, Mrs. F . Adams, 1. C Fitch, John Muiler, Mrs W. E.the firemen were soon at the conflagration, but owing to deliver up those who were then in the State of lamauli Brown, infant and servant; Mrs. Geo. H. Morris, infantpas and Nueva Leon. But the failure of the enterprise and servant; W. Dnery, J. Oamack, J 8 Greenaadthey were given their seats they turned their backs upon1 the Douglas men carry this, then the whole of the the South. He trusted that other States would withdraw purpose of deception—email shots fired with the hopehid role, and Dominate a candidate by a majority.perfectly reliable. Many rumors are put aitoat for theSaahera States will retire, with California aad Oregon, aad PUnsyrvania, aad a majority of the Masaachasetts dele- nOM, leaving Douglas only the remaining New England Jaws aad the Northwest. In that event Caleb Cunning •a also retire.k 0 expected that some of the New York delegationfrom the Convention, and that it would be utterly dis- that some of the undecided delegates may be broughtsolved. He did not consider that the seceders had tod down on the wing. New York has been especially the subject of these rumors. It is at one time declared thatconsiderable losers Tbe fire te supposed to have been magnetic influence did not operate with a regular rotary the work of an incendiary, as no fire w as used In that movement of its design or circular. It is variously esti-power to make regular nomination*, but he would recom- mend, If It should be found necessary, that they should joinin therecommendationof some suitablecandidates, with a written address to thai r constituents.the Empire State will desert Douglas after the first ballot, but this report is hard ly allowed to get fairly on its legs beforeadenialovertakesandsmothersit.portion of the building.Terrible Steamboat Kxploslon. SIX MEN KILLED AND SIX WOUNDED.mated that there are from three to nine hundred of the knights in the valley, who have suddenly collected here withoutknowingwhy. They aremostly campedonthe river, and make free with the stock which they find on the prairies. There te no scarcity of rations in their dif- ferent camps; they are very orderly and peaceable, andMr. MAIHBWS, of Louisiana, in behalf of h is delegation,committed suicide to-day b y jumping from a train ofaaked that no action should be taken by this body until sel. The speculation has not been a paying one, although weseetf,InsteadofeightStates,wedonotto-morrow theexcursionhasprovedaverypleasantonetothepas-numberfifteen,andperhapsseventeenStates. Weshould sengers, Jbuster chlet would desire to command. I cannot unfold years of age river. Mr.Crawford,actingcaptain,wasmortally theirdesign,however,forIdoubtifthispartynowherewait until we see what te done to-morrow, and we should do nothing hastily until we bear irom those Stateswho asked for an adjournment in order that they might have an opportunity to consult a* to th e coarse they should pursue.A call of the States was then made, and when New York was reached, Dr. SUXMR, of the New York hard shelldelegation,responded. Hesaidthedelegationhe represented came here to attend a National Convention, and had been sitting out to the cold for eight days, havingI IVK P. M —Another batch o f platforms have been in - Uoduoed Into the Convention—majority and minority. The majority welds together the resolutions offered by Messrs. Bayard, of Delaware; Bigler, of Pennsylvania, and Cochrane of New York. The minority are similar to those before oiiered, including Gen Butler s Cincinnati plat- form, pure and unadulterated.The discussion has been long and wearisome. Members are becoming tired of thte eternal talk, and are anxioussengers were dangerously injured. Six negro deck hands were killed.The Texas Rangers are also cam x-d a short distance from this place on the Rio Grande, and I can assure you their presence te no source of pleasure to the general run of Mexicans on either side of the river. Ttey are a terror to the tribe of greasers, lor when the Ranger atarts out on tbe war path he has better judgment, more pluck, greater endurance, quicker perception and a keener scent than any oi[ihe Mexican race, and JcoLStquenUy h e is very generally apt to win in the chase which he has to institute after a* guerilla. They are a brave a n d hardy lookingtetofmen,wellbehaved,obedienttoordersand very i-tiicient: and this valley would feel safer with one hundred cf them to guard it than with one thousand regu- lars. But since the large increase of the garrison at thte place a n d a t Ringgold Barracks, Governor Houston h a * determined to relieve Texas of the expense of supporting this force on the frontier, and the rangers are now set- tling up their accounts preparatory to a march to Goliad next week, when it te uncertain whether they will be dis- banded or sent into the Indian country,Colonel Lee, of th e United States Army, who has been appointed to take command on thte frontier, arrived in thisplaceonthe12th,andtookcharge ofmattersontheDelaware was ceiled, aad Mr. BAYARD and one other Douglas interest, ha* been discovered. We can now un-DIRECTTRADIMXBTIXGat Momut.—A meeting was heldat Mobile, on tbe 24th alt, in the United States Court Rio Grande. He has kept himself pretty close as te whatAfireatWarrenQTrnmbullcounty,Ohio,yesterday, consumed most of tbe business part of tbe town Thedelegatecameforwardaadresponded inbehalfofthatderstandthewholeSyracuseRegencymovementfromlist September. It was the New York Central Railroad inte- rest, and itt prodigious schemes of consolidation and ex-room,favorabletodiresttracebetweenthatcityand Europe. The Mercurysays:—The meeting waa addressed by Mr. G. N. Stewart, W. H. Redwood, Price Williams, T. Seniord, J. Smith, and others. At a subsequent peri- od, Mr. George N. Stewart submitted the following reso- lutions, which were adopted unanimously:—hisopinionsareorwhatheintendstodo,and,therefore,it te matter of uncertainty just now whether we aretohave a renewed energy or a laxity of dealings with the particulars are not known. The loss te heavy. Mexicans. If the former course is pursued, as MajorBentzelman has commenced, matters can be kepttolerably quiet; but if this new commander brings to bisassistance a s little judgment as Major Brown displayed incoming to hisconclusions, whyawar will result;forTexas will not stand by and see her citizens killed andMORNING EDITION-WEDNESDAY, MAY 2, 1860.shaded darkey). but we presume that they will be treated * itb seste extratopkrftionieereaaoatea adapted to the ex- pectatioaB of these impnrtei celestial dignitarie* I t te rumored, nowever, that seme Sootfcern man, In the HousePRICE T W O CENTS. torveatioa that the rangers have been withdrawn frJ** frontier, and, from what is reported of hi* energySouthera wtep of the party increases every hour. Probahty nine oat of ten ef the Southerners carry deadlyweapons. They cannot be called "etneeated" weapons, envoy extraordinary fro** the King of Dahomey.tekavToH. Mr.PlocnoT,ofArkasr^^^tenementatolet A fiostca gentleman waslately con- hasbeend.-ctlyappliedagainsttheCbinete,byoneoftheQathenr-g of Clam on the t%v>Q ame—Ti* Knights tf f0ttr a J £ i . £ 2 }£?" *togtvesptheship,''V^fc.e.jjupujastorm He had beer, j,,,,^ aaidet the insfctutim. Be of revorvere teat are posted in public places like notice*of The issue (color) thus suggested te a very nice one. It*a?onae^ra*ar.upon him,andthreatened to slice him on the vernmeatAhouldtheattemptbemadetopottheJapanese He henewvsl that his Southera friends had acted wrong np>a the same footing with white people.Cross 0u Rioer itt tone—Major BrownsRtfortCriX cited—OtherItems,rfc.The position of aflalrs oa this frontier is.daily becomingoa eitherside. Vtherea r e moredetagaUoosIs it a make-up or W^SBWOToa, April SO, 1800.-11 to day, for they are still collecttog man aad hart- it ontil to day, for thiy are still collecttog men a a dPROCEEDINGS O F 1 H E SOUTHEaN SECE are educated l a military and other duties a t the State sreligiously believe it to be a present neoessity. Since General Houston eliminated hi* project _^ BTTMLO,May1-P M. ef a protectorate, tbe people of Texas, with one aicor J, The Thirteenth Delegated General Conferencehare hekt te the suggestion aa a fixed fact, sure to be ac- here this morning, tn 8 t *-mtB ff*» Bubowho are prompt and vigorous In the exercise ot their duties— arrested two of the parties, and carried tham to the guard boose. But acta of violence like these may bo expected when peUtical rancor runs BO high as it does now la Charleston. It la only remarkable that they do not occur more freqaenUy; aad they are just as likely to takeplacelaaNortherna*toaSoutherncity.IpaidavisittotheQtadelyesterday,and ha<?the plstaure of witnessing a dress drill and parade by the State Cadet*, abodyofyoungmennumberingaboutonehundred,whofinally disposed ef. Meanwhile the universal question la,badifflicreditable to the young gentlemen composing t i e batfording a loophole for Douglas, but aa foreshadowing, Douglas or no Douglas, the defeat of the democratic par- ty, and a broad margin for the Baltimore new party Con- vention of the 0th of May.Forney, though still clinging to the coat tail of Douglas, is reported now to be ready to let go and pans over, news- paper and all, into the promising pastures of the repub- lican camp.The office holders, whose faces have been turned away from the setting sun, are beginning to doubt whether the star of the Little Giant te in the ascendant or not, and they are beginning to speak above a whisper.Governor Brown, of Mississippi, and Senator Green, of MtBsouri, are among the Southern anti Douglas leaders who belonging to the State of South Carolina, aad now on remain here on duty. They say that everything te going Mr. Jaansoa, of Kentucky, said he came here to delibe- hand ready for use in time of war. The statement will on right in the Convention, and that the South is, per-riages are now to be seen in one of the lumber depart menta o r storerooms e f the Citadel, covered with cob- webs and eatea by the moths of time. T h e Armorer o fwhich they did.pleto inventory of th e ordnance, ordnance stores, A c ,Robberies are just as frequent in New York, but it tebear that positions have been offered some Douglas mendown from the top shelves of the book stores and spread out on the counter by the middle of May.after vengeance. I do not blame them, for, know- Tne Bishop presiding waa authorized and appointed a ing their provocation, I feel that I should do committee on rules.haCtaventsn to Mow York or Philadelphia withoutsatstanynomination,aadmeantimereferringthewouldhavehaddeniedtoonthelibertytheyfoughtfor,candidate.Thtetetheeasesincethearrivalofthedele FernandoWood,thoughruledoutoftheConvention,situated.Morethanthis,andasifrecognizing TbeConventionthenadjournedtillthreeP.M.done mncb toward conciliation, and if the Convention break* up without a nomination it will not b e b is fault. Vermont, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Connecticut have presented no new phase for the past few daysThe Maine Douglas men are agrieved because the South insist so strenuously upon a slave code They say if the South persist In this coarse, the democratic party might as well go to the wall, and thus relieve them of the ne- cessity of paying out any more money to sustain it.The new city government was inaugurated thte even- ing. Mr. Thacher, the new democratic Mayor, delivered a long inaugural. A new set of city officers were chosen, aii democrat*. tjmletters trom the New England States are beginning to pour In lor the purpose of strengthening the backbone of the Douglas men.Williamsburg City News. DBETBrrriox OF A Rom WAUS «v ruts—YesterdayStephens.ST. Josxra, Mo , May 1,1800.The ptettorms are now the grand subject of considera-The following is a list of the passengers per the steam- morning, about four o'clock, a fire was discovered In the less of $2,500,000 of slave property, without counting the nama on the 20th of April:—Dr. Tenbrook and servantSucceedingballots—neveroverKeyorts are flying around as thick as blackberns»endpremises a n d a large quantity of machinery were d e stroked. The loss amounts to about $36,000, upon which there is an insurance of $20,000 in the various New York companies. Messrs Clukies A Leeds, of New York, wereGolden Circle, te now pretty largely represented in this valley, and there seems to be a general wonder what all the representatives of the association are looking to They carry such uteneiis as rifles, revolvers and bowte knives, and seem to be moving in eccentric bodies as though theit te difficult to obtain information trom any source that isThe time for which the steamer 8. R. Spaulding was chartered b y Boston parties to attend the Convention e x pued at twelve o'clock yesterday, and the charter partesCou-stBt'B, Ga., May 1,18(50.ifyetbebroughtoversoastodepriveDouglasofIts arenowpaying*6coperdayextrafortheuseoftheves-ThesteamerCalhounhasexplodedintheOcmuigeewithalasspiritedabodyofmenasthespunkiestfillcarsontheFallRiverRailroad.Hewaaaboutfiftyfor a rote. week.There i* no prospect of a ballot before nextThese schemes comprehend the consolidation of the NewYorkCentral, theErie,the ErieLake Shore roads,theroads across the peninsula of Michigan, and from Chica-go to S t Louis, and from St. Louis via the Central Pacificwhose names were not signed to the protest He had Railroad route to San Francisco. This route, it is con consider of this subject, and lay before an adjournedThe .follow ;ng are the footings of our baak statement for thepastweek—*teh instructed Lb* Chairman of the delegation to Inform will enroll their names.•» President of the Conveation that they could no longer Florida responded that the entire delegation was present which Richmond te the chief engineer. Mr. Douglas, it te Charles Ri**r propose a regatta on the 10th of May, for contradiction ot facts, which have not only been reportedlenicipato la the proceedings ef that Convention. He that they would now withdraw.signed by twenty four silngttns sabaeqweatty retired wkh them, on•»ne«adthet they felt compelled to act with the ma J*** Eight other delegates remain in the ConventionwmmaawAL or anxuaua.tht lelegates from Arkansas then preseatod their pre-^esdwkhdrsw.* lawmo, of taaaeasee, asked leave far that detegn-^ WAtaxa, of Virghtia, asked leave for that deleg*.delegates of the South.of the Marylead delegation seked tears tore-thai wave to retire tooaeaf the*• Caaveatioa. frosa earlymantreat ranks of those who hadwstat sect e f the State rightoumskHTa^E* * *" •«*•**• hal retired. s n T L~*ZZ? • ••••*• hare la the hope that the^.bTwwtti^L* **•* •••%• -*» wT^A was with those who retired la sentiment, he.- toremainand•waa to » wave and cvry to tte Presidential IAllthesecedingStatessignedtheroll,andthe meeting adjeurned|to meet at such time to-day set the "**'*Tnnn may call them tofecber.The meeting then adjourned to the City Hall, where Mr. Yancey addressed a large meeting.The Southern seotdera appointed a committee on organization, and meet at noon to-day, when a n organi- sation will be perfected.The Douglas men preens to b e perfectly satisfied with tn* result, declaring that the seceders do not represent the popular aentiment o f the States.The Wood delegaUou have all joined the seceders. CHA1XSBTO.X, May 1—P. M.The Southern Convention nan organised with Mr. Bayard, of Delaware, for permanent PresidentOUR CHARLESTON CORRESPONDENCE.well known, wan the man who engineered the tie which there have been a few entries. The rowing match to tbe government, through the Governor of Texas, but firm at $18 for mess. Freight oa cotton to Liverpool, meadous Illinois Central Railroad land grant through betweenJohnHancon,ofNewburg, andThomas Doyle, alsothroughthe commander ofthe UnitedStatesforces 6-lCd. Exchangeunaltered. MoBM Aprfl ,»,1960.Congress, and various other similar projects of smaller of Boston, the latter having accepted Hanoon's challenge, at this place, Major Hentzelman. Thte latter officer, whoproportions, tnafeaader of the Congrtsaional railroad lead grant system. Mr Douglas, and his friends of the llknote Central, are the men for Dean Richmond and his associates of Ute New York Central, In view of their con- solidation project* With the Great Central Pacific Railroad.A shrewd and Inquiring railroad man, In conversation with us upon this subject bat an boor ago, said that t h e passage of thte Central Pacific Railroad bill, as protected by the Select Committee of the House on the subject, would probably be worth sixty millions of loitars to the parties immediately concerned in the Job, including espe- cially the New York Central road monopoly of Dean Rich- mond and company.Upon thte point the personal explanations in the House this morning o f Mr Hamilton, o f T exas, and M r . Smith, of Virginia, are somewhat significant H e repudiated a s utterly fake the report In Cot Forney s Philadelphia Press, that they, as members of the Paotflc Railroad Com mittee ef sixteen, had consented to the adoption ofCotton-Salestoday2,000bates;marketgenerallyun- changed; mitdling at 10j»c alO^c•or the Seeate, will rate* the question ef color agatast Oompticaticns on As Memican Prtnmtr trrmmmtKk Ctea- uZSL^S?"***Mm -dDrta« »tte past three "* up $93 000.!n recognizing tnem on the aame footing with the repre- sentatives of white nstioas we estabbah a precedent whtoh willopenthedoortothesmhsessdor from HaytiandtheDomesticErcuD NOT TO its BTRIBD.—to accordance with a moresensibie custom than that of "burying Euclid," the class ofI860,atRochesterUniversity,metonSaturdayto plant their "Class Tree" In the University grounas, which was accompanied b y appropriate literary exercises. Yearshence,whentheyreturnmiddleagedgraduates, and sit under the shade of it* spreading branches, it will awaken pleasant reminiscences of bygone times.MISSISSIPPI STATS Moxramrr SOCTBTY.—Tbe Jackson Neu-s says:—The Finance Committee of t h e State Monument Society have entered into a contract with the Messrs. Barr, of that city, for a monument to be erected to the memory of thoee who fell at Monterey and Buena Visu, belonging te the First regiment or Mississippi Rifles. The committee have on hand $2,400. The monument Is to cost $2,600, and te to be laagurated on the 23d of February, 1861.Resolved, Therefore, that gentlemen b e appointed torobbed just because an inspector of dry goods and mus- kets could c o t Bee clear enough into the condition of affairs to determine that a large party of Mexicans were attually making war upon • considerable portion ofCapital stockLoans and discountsSpecieAmount due from other banks Amount doe to other banks Deposits$36 581,700 61,259,600 6,318,000 7,948,000 9,273,600 20,196,000 6,998,000Items.CROPSmAIABAMA—TheMobile Registtrsays:—Agen- to arriving at correct conclusions about men andJtarketa.tleman » i C aas just traWlled thrOBgh Southern Aiaba ma informs us that the cotton and corn crops are looking finely, and therete at present every Indication that there will be a rich return from mother earth for the care be- stowed upon her by the tillers of the soil.things. A n y m a n c a n s e e a crack o r a flaw In abrass field piece, but It takes some intellect to de-termine the origin of a social disorder. In fast, itte doubtful, If the rank of a United States officer wasnot regulated b y la w , if Major Brown would everhave achieved th e position h e holds; for h is reportNsw Oainurs, May 1, I860. Cotton quiet; sales to day. 6,500bales;middlingat lOtfc. a l i e ; sales of last three days, 14JW0 bates; receipts of three days, 7,600 bales against 4,460 tn same time test year; Increased receipts at thte port, 462,000 bales; ditto at all the ports, 768.600 bales. Sugar firm; fairtofufly fair, 6>{J. t;^e. Corn firm at 71n a sac. MUISBSM, 86c a 37c for prime. Ftoor steady at $6 86 a $ 1 J «was not only an egregious mistake, but it displayed of the great Central Railroad interest at Albany, of BOATI.NO MITTSFS LV BOBTOS.—The young oarsmen of the most unmistakable ill breeding in Its flat and arrogantthtGoldenCircletnF-rruontheFrontier—Tessasin (he field-Loss of $3,600,009 WortK tfProperty Taken on Both Sidet—Seriou*Difficulty attheloum tf Mtgnem Official CtoreBseaaVas*—tVwaft Is gncts the fire is returnedmorecriticallycomplicated,aadtheretonowhoilittleandtheotheristakenfromtheft„.ef discontented Americans are accumulating on thte fron-tier, whose sole object te to precipitate tbe straggle whichall acknowledge to be inevitable. The success of theTexas Rangers in 1861, under Ford, has inspired the be- qoentiy iSaturday, which, It wansupposed, would finish np the to cross the Rio Grande once more there will be greasers were seized with discretion and would withdraw"What are they doing at Charleston. a breakup? What's the news r"Odds and Ends ef the Nrttt and Views of the JharkstonOmvmtion, dk\ly sighted their runs aad towered t h e match a s If ; bat while the Texan* ware defying^ them to shoot, lief among these Wattern men that if they are allowed and praying that a spark might Ignite the powder, theThe engineers of tbe third or Baltimore Union partyare bristling up under theprospect that the breaking upof thedemocracywillbethemakingofaneworderofthings.ateaponaMexicanittenotwithanysordidfeeling,butconsistofonememberofeachConference,tobenominat-In the delegation to desert their favorite for some othergation in Charleston. What was done previously te a cool headed man of sense and self-possession, has been on the Rio Grande ana throughout the State of Tamauli the paper relative te the fifth delegate from the Wiscon-The municipal election passed ofl very quietly. There sent unnatural Boundary, and while we claim the moun was a drenching rain during the day. Great interest wasspring opens.Dan Rice and his great show, pending the stagnation oftbe past week, came in as a godsend, and for two days and nights carried the city by storm. The legitimate dra- ma, tbe Opera, the lecture, and even a row in Congress, may fail to draw in Washington, but the circus never. It draws everv tbing into its net, from tbe Cabinet and the diplomatic oorps down to tbe organ grinder.The music at the Capitol Gardens of the marine band, yesterday afternoon, drew a very distinguished and nu- merous audience together. Perhaps some idea of an Ink- ling of news from Charleston operated to bring them in.Since yesterday morning all the New York papers, es pedaliy the IIKKALD, went off like shares to the Washoe silver mines, at almost any price, in the hope of news, more newa from the Benicla Boy, and the belligerents a t Charleston.upper story of tbe jenny house connected with the rope destruction ot cattle caused by the Inroads or Mexican Rev. F . C Ewen, wife and three chiidien; A. D. Bias,' ,tarns west of us as the proper lino, they as nardiiy assertthat the uesert between the Rio Grande and the Nueces isthe most proper frontier of both countries. Lis easy todetermine how the dispute will end, tor when It te con-sidered that while we have never receded they have constantly crawfished, all men must conclude that we ry, whose election the democrats concede by 800 ma- are destined to extend very speedily to the mountains inthe westMoreover, political reasons demand the extension, forthe present insecurity of slave property In Texas and theSouthwest imperatively requires that we should extendour line to the mountains, where nature has erected anaturally impassable barrier to the escape of negroes. Asmall guard stationed in the passes of the Sierra Madremountains will effectually check the flight of the black- Passenger* P e r t h e Steamship John L . birds, and thus save to the South thousands of dollars an-nually, lor Gov. Vioaurri, in his communications to theState of Texas, admitted that 3,000 negroes had escapedinto Mexico within the last eight years. Here is an actual ship John L Stephens which left San Francisco for Pa-as before stated, will take place at Newburg,onThursday, June 7. Mr. Doyle went into training teat week.A BBOEBN HOKE URCL*.—We take the following deathsfrom the Greensburg ( P a ) Herald. —On the 11th tost, i nNew Derry, oi scarlet fever, Lavinia K , aged Jfoor years;also on the same day, AJrnmas Herman, aged ton years,and on April 10, Sarah Elizabeth, aged two years, and onApril 19, Melissa C., aged fifteen years, children of Jacobaad Amy Bear. Thus in the brief space of eight days,from a circle or five lovely children, roar have been re- that Colonellee, who was to wow*TM * £ " £ * * % on Monday night He had been stokfer some time, andmoved by death.Obituary.Sraos HIIA, who was one ot the United States marinecorps at the battle of New Orleans, died near Winchester,Y a., on the 18th a l t In the action with the British ship-ping he received a shattering wound in his leittarm, wastaken prisoner and conveyed on board an English ship,where aBritishsurgeon proposedtohim the necessityofone Brown, will ss quietly and systematically dispose ofamputationhiordertonavehislife,whichhepromptlyCntaisaron, & a , April 28,1M0. the Central route of Mr. Curtis, of Iowa. B o understood declined, emphatically responding, "If I die, air, my arm to some of ours. He has ° ^ „"*£!_. ^ n o t dare to the fatal result of hi* mtkum. H e soon after expired.fl* "/rreprwau OetyKcf" ft, a * DemoonKc Party-Hat thatSouthernmenatCharlestonwillbeinstantlypot right touching this report of Forney's Press, and with its tstancts to Oiaaritt ifmunUiu to flat frmmenksj bearings cpon this grand political railroad project of Dean^^e t!^&ve^otkton Mr Yost,atthetimehewaacalledupon appearedteb« i* miththave beea BBBSW««»« *• * . ^ BUffering from a severe cold aad hoarseness, but at the.shallgowithmybody." Heha*receivedapensionfor that service from the governmentMrs. SananMOCACLSTwas buried to Philadelphia,on the »lh alt, from the residence of her mother. The de- ceased waa formerly Miss Sarah Mercer, and s h e figured prominently in a painful tragedy which took place some seventeen or eighteen years ago. In consequence of a wrong done the young lady, her brother (Singleton) shotMwaparalteted enroar, aad akheegh the president curia, on the Helper book. His defence te a defence of in the dock, on the Jersey side of the river. Young Mer-to3sn«»to>*" ISTT-^ssmt ttmt he Willreturntothe*S£Sm%£2Siof but ens-tare.atpresent;enroltodIn ! £ NanonaJ Guard of Mexico, which is the liberal army. I understand that Col Lee, the newly arrived com minder of Out quarter, has Intimated to tbe MexicansJi*WChari*tmCltadd-Drm P a r a d t y l*tdtatt CadVft The War aVstwrest of gtwta OsroKaa sis. etc In* evidences that aa "irrepreeaible conflict''' extern inthe bosom of the Itmocratfc, party become dally more last eveningthe ConventionwanaRichmond, & connection with t h e nomination o f M r .sametimebadnotbeenentirelyconfinedtothehouse.Snow a m Ics m NonTsans Nswpendent at Bethlehem, one of the Northern towas of New Bamoshire, sends the followmg, under date of April 26,Mr. Alley, of MawBiiiiswittn. having finished a mdtealblack republican speech, remarkable only for Its numeroe* hackneyed quotations, a n d t h e drowsy smg-eongtone of voice m which it was delivered, we have, at thisSaneatTlE! ^aaeTnf Ohio, putting 'ntowf rvtus in Hutchinson Hebertoo, while to a carriage, oa a ferry boatthat unlets they behave themselves antes* they suppress to the Boston y>sa3fr.~A few aaysiSe* I nmd* from tbe next crowd Corttnas may gather—he Intends to ftenthsra Mow Hampshire here. We had a hard cress the river to force and da the work himself. coming through Franconia weeds The BSWWtherew < ^^y^J»r^"H »*»ow wasprmoi rookoffreedom."pally in the New York delsgattea, ami wan hot the be- Very ceoaiderabl* ourteeity and interest have been ex married a young gentleman of Philadelphia; but tney the people of the Rio Grande; bat then that does not through the untroddensnows * > * * • * » J J » *• » •hM power to sapprees the mekubtsmi, it was tit book, sad befeete proud of kavlagj**dor*ed "those r eat fathers of American Uberty who placed us upon thecer was tried at Woodbury, and acquitted on the groundof Insanity- The affair caused an intense excitement at If this te correct, we era probably destined to enjoy a week was from twoto thre* feet deep to the road, to* the time. Mtes Mercer, who was a very beautiful girl, season of tranquillity to thte quarter not hitherto feh b y whole distance from the Wasae ^ " TM " » \ J .gmnlng,ltt* thought, of a series of troubles in that quar- cited hare toot king the expected arrival of the wand, mellifluous, imperial, oriental a a d nugniorning is that New York will cast •cent Japanese delegation of the diplomatic ngU*. with the eoavtotioa that haaiterwards divorcee .ubftqueotiy^cover the ease. A* long ss propertyto so insecure as it to passed, sad the night was r o m a n t i c « * £ ^ ^ l ^ f " .rtod Dr. J. B MoOauley, of New York »]BtJBns • £ £ 8bandevoted a considerable life to theservice,whohaswon the esteem of all the people on thte river,te delibe-rately oy«Blaughed In a flippant report made by the la-spector of the muskets which Major> Hentselmsn'ii sol.dters have used to the defence of Brownsville and theRio Grande country. I suppose Major Brown was bettortreated In Matamoras than he was in Brownsville, andthus itto accounted that he fashioned his oonolaatons tosuit the party that feasted him m c s t l t to to^helboped died at his residence to Railroad avenue, in Jersey Ctty,"va^^eporTareTSculation a.tothe£bere£>oto consequence. Justbeforektodeath,Yostla -ittt.ofCorEeV, & mom^t r u t h f u l ^ , ^ J ^ ^ £f 0Mr.Faulkner (whosechildwasalso fount)tenement grave) npon family affairs. He aao staiea tnat be died believing Mr. Hope guflty of the charge that h e had preferred against him, and that he (Yost) was right Be teen requested Mr. Faulkner to procure a ptotoi wttaporture tor the interior to collectnuack first on Matamoras and then on ^ f Mteaaundteputedract that thte • » aM, sad dossaow hold a commission to the Mexican »«f U B d 5 *I wefta.interredto theL,-, ' !«»*• bodies of ice hang rrom toe immense thirty-five years of age at the time of her f * * * * ? ^ ley. for property must be as tale as life before people feel rhetm' and^tteredmtt«sun.lanl U e active wtorl of W* cannot say whether they will be ton Mercer went to Norfolk, as a auras, at thettes* of the at all secure in making inrestmenis. I honetfHqueiLee. tttalllit wateredI the huge boiling cauldron beneathupon "an equal rooting wkh the most favored .. 'm all respects, or est back a peg or two on aoterrible fever there, to 185*,aad ***12Zr%J[ uwu. formef Titling contra* with the deathlike atfltoesn once precipitate a war. B to altogether owjig to his in- and ooid of the *urrouading -She will then vets far Gathrie.TheimksMiegtoGothrtotnnawsstieubrighten,atthe countoftheircolor(someofthembeingofthemabofany otherPhiladelphiavictimsoftoeeptsemic.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069W 1 4 B H"will entorce peace and propriety, or eke that he will atscourge. His restates Be at taarelj^r/""*Untitled Documentat peasant, there can be no material progress inthisval^ ^ £ 1 T ^ l d 740/ ^ * // FEdttmth.toa terror to ^^SNmTlmZm^ whichtothootRecorderBedford,towhomhaaatrtbuteaE°^*b t o• *wt n°°mt"P to the emergeocy.$"* » « boss teas for thetesttwocans were very much|frightoned, and they are ant over .. J very i _ .(thestreets. Probably w e shall have to thrash cadteg the stream. Probably w e shall have t o "yet The Mtxican artillery at Reams** vary fre- themyetThe matter waa tabled till the Confartfelt by tbe oemosrats in the news from Charleston, aad to day's proceedings were anxioutly but vainly awaited.In fifteen warns, Henry (for Mayor) loses 2,600. The opposition peoples' party are marching the streets, beaded by bands of music, on their way to serenade Mayor Hen-jority.Jersey City Hews.hi* death te attributed to hi* being called on to appear before Justice Bedford about two weeks since, at which tune Mr. Jelifle, his counsel, desired a a adjournment ingnronas BsQrnw o s a DntTHTro.-Oirtetian Yost, whose nr-» was brought before the public as pteinkfl tot Uu alleged tenement and coffin aflair against Mr. Hope,frosa www.fultonhistory.com 