 NEW YORK HEKALIHI • vb n k s d . , jThe; Grand? Jury made a presentment to tjbeCourt of Oyer and Terminer yesterday, whichwill be foun^ in our columns to day, of a very thit compact » i i revolutionary order of tbings. His deffat, on yeirepaet protection to human life affordedj * ft , * Vu»»v* • « • - . ' - ' * '1• tit1the cotton S?a *s in a bUz* ol rebell 'n.j.;ornof * »•TMMMH a yix>*..*a '» "71r-* Vh!> K M ) «"tf '»' ' '•••'p*It is delicacy, consideration of others, educa- bad alwpyl supposed were primary essentialsVn* treeAir nnHAi.o «*»* .*u»-.i.i. *2 5 * 1 •*•*/«"« V A» <>.~t>-» nl •».<* « *»>..*-v1* ml*****from «**«ar«rro/ifc*•»«.»/•.»*-<*•" •""**_»/" L.^,..TT.«r. <M k m i u i-ares*? .<" "nonsense tbe course of the Times and some of the other London journals with regard to this tour of th e Prince fully proves. A s for the leading journals of New York, they are knownbytheirfruits.Tbeirsystemisantper- fect— nothing hnman is entirely so—bat it k m infinitely better than the English plan as the express railway train is to the alow coaches of half a century ago.the ball pleased bim as a bat], it failed found a very interesting letter, addressed by lb give] ppm acy very elevated opinion Duff Green to tbe people of the South, on the of N e w | |'ork's "first society." T h e truth prefect crisis in tbe political affairs of the coun-A0M tftKT C I.mmmwneaHon*rrmacai toerf *>£; ««l"Wr tit./ ' 11 avtrtsion tbal m n the corrupt. Albany fne labor in the North an> slave labor In the against the' assaults of the rowdy, and highposed of y|ung men commencing their career,must have pnrprised bim as well as his attend-SO rttvrnKOTIC rei*rtetlt<» tr»'tn'.j rejects h«r cwts««B, and throws h»*rwayman and the burglar.Hut it was left forterfmi «n «Ar W l U L t Btrsna. tk»*V* f}«»*m nn tto-/<A»*R<a and K*rop»a» Kriitvms.JOR PRWTlXe aurmlmi --"coi-stimtlon as they are. She can arreit this triumphal march of black republicanism andfel «nv.ABTTSBBMrTe THIB ITUnt"*BIBLO'S QARDKH. Bn»i««r - & » « La»sshe will, with proper eftor's »monu the pooler-'WIKTKR OAKItgK Hro»rtw»T oppnrttr Ho«.i * . •• OTT M4JistM.J!«i- M* \0C»0 W i n O D I'll)t»»»«l' »BOWRB? T H t A T R t Rrnmrr -R«ar Yrrni A J IT I S LlSUtTf BOTS IMT 76-AlI. I l l WOhi.D'1 * *T4t».try. Without committing ourselves to all his of a very few old families, who have preserved ^conclusions, we may observe that Mr. Green s der in theJ first degree. We are glad to per- their wealth for generations,' those who oc- address contains much valuable matter, and isWALLACg*TBtATt>88ro*dw*J -PUTIIH.* TTitmmany leaders and their treasonable objecu* in 1848 and the present time. The slavery qoemionisthefatalrockonwhichtheorgm'z*ami slavery alliance will be transferred; front Boston to Washingtonnizanbe of this outrageous law in the samecondemnatoryspiritinwhichwereferredtoitLM'RA KlCBi-KHrUKATRE.9o GM-irtrtil•*t\tiAD was then eplit and is now dashed to pi*-oe.« Tlte Italian Crisis—Probalsle 8ettl«|ni»t at-the "time of its enactment It is, in plainand makjs a dazzling display of their wealth, aremenandwomen recentlysprung.fromthewobrilliant show, but as a moral demonstration;'•<ih 1NEW YOKE HEKALD, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1860.-TRIPLBIHEET.on tbe subject law relating to capital puni-thmeat,in which the following sensible remarks occur:— not verv surprising that the organ of tbe South blindly on in the work of demolition, (Javbur law which totowB the shield of protection andare, aftec all, ot very little account, except ina purely" representative way. Audit is in this " As to tbe institution of slavery,*the march ofenacted by the last Legislature on tbe ern States as their only alternative of safety subject of death penalty, and they deem it their and deliverance.uess to arrive at their joint ends. f 1This was in rear!ty tbe whole causeijfihequarrelbetweenthesetwopatrioticmelIiinless, indeed, we admit the truth of the! Vstfer • Four yearrl since on the 22d of Februaryduty to invite public attention to the defec- tiveandambiguousphraseologyofthatact Itis soimperfectastogiverise togravedoubtsiutheThe Prliire;* B*U—Tha Good Societyof New York.barbarism. Still w e recollect that the peoplechiefsourcesoftheirwelfareandprosperity."Soulh Carolina, may pie'er to strtu'* wnfie th«iron is hot, in.der the impteHsioo 'b it it j | onlyImportant .lory-ThiDeathPenallyU wIt«-staring' aad elbowing, we could not but ask ourselves nn what, save dress and money, New York's |bist society is distinguished from the commoh wlgar herd.necessary to kindle tbe fire inoider toftet all •eie*i 1v if • • I B O S » d *% - '* it'llLluofjln Hi any event, the election of _!' I H ' I T <>'i<- Fora I" >•! i'1 ••* c**u'ii' y "> charged with the explosive com'nibble! of a gravej and portant character. For some tion, retn|ment and; good breeding which weSouth. Upon New York tbe whole res|>oDsK«ff ««.i cU*» in » ditch. Afrer n?ing her to do it* bihty is tow thrown; and more than aojfother the last infamous Legislature to cap the climaxants; and is the firemen's procession, made ,up t/koHf'*- .,» 4#- du y work, it c^ft? the prOftuute awaj, *h«*n Si ale is she dependent upon the Union aft'd the by the enactment of a statute which, according of the bone and sinew of society, he witnessed•it-baunberj b»« rrnd»*r»*d h*«r too hidwrns aud <%gr«ded tor contact.of t h e Dlfficalites Between Gartbwldlana the Tin in Cabinet ^ words, a premium upon murder, and demolishesTheadvicesreceivedbytheArbiainspirea at once thoonly defence againstthelawlessNIBI.(>'8 8AIAX>N, tttimt"Ahi —UopLlT A OAMTMBX* faithful sketch ofite life anil death By:tbe ides against the royal troops, and gaining sfrcCesa of homicideiwhich it was their duty to investiM«W B<W*HT Tfl«*TH.«. I'-jirerj-Ux. ti'n i»AH— A« FBODIL—< *KtI« Of * flRBlJlW.like an old pitcher. It will be aetnth&t Franklin Pierce greatly contributed to the final (lemor^alB4RBrM'« AMRBl^AS ITTTRKnil, Brrwid»*,.-!>»« ^.i.. ization and downfall ofTammany Hal)Tin, AcB K T A - . 1 S ' M i N H r B k l J * . M r c t u u i l e s U w t . 4 7 2 . . r . - » i * * , BCt.L»«!Tia. liOFCS. t'AjiCU. *C —>C«KBI AT Ol)K.M VBut.itruffiaps of ihe community by abolishing theH i a n u u i s KtuioiLAII ^OjiftS HcTU4t*aCia. Oi«<-B< A r ot November we expect to give some accountamong tfcn modest, well educated and retiringafter success, there are indications thai<snce gate Its alarming; and who can wonder at middle classes. Struggling among this class think Mr. Green overrates the effect of such aTRIPLE SHEET. honored remainsto leave to diplomacy a chance of completing due to his oaence, and more than this, by which the descendants of the millionaires of to day Instead of benefitting free labor it would tbeworkwhibbehasthuf far^lori>us|fcon- thepoweroltheCourtstopunishhimatallis Urderowsystem,refinement,educatifnand onlybenefitcapital,andgiveitlargerprofitsat ducted In a communication published %yon'* rendered exceedingly doubtful. The Grani proprietyi are more- generally found in the the expense of tbe general community. TheSitVI Voi». \V.rtt»<»U»y, iK;tolicr 17. l«*liO1 b « News.The LlniuiB l'olltv on the DUanlon Qaollon—Signs or Southern Reb«llloMFrom the very suKgestive article which waof tbe Turin papers from Bertram. h S late Secretary, tbe latter denies that Gariban; bad given orders to oppose by force the « jtryofJury point tip the success of the Fire M&ishal in ferreting ou cases of arson and bringing the offenders Injustice as an example of whatabodes otfthe modest and unassuming than in tbe maDslpns of the wealthy and pretentious.rates of wages would not be increased, while the very workmen themselves would have to pay an advanced price for the manufacturedAd'tni im! news from Europe, received by the trnlifter o these c••lumi'i* fn'tn 'be CharlestonArabia, »lmli arrived at Halifax yesterday, con- Mtrcury. it will be seen, first, that Mr. Sewardwas already rojvn to tbe core, and poor P i e r c e ' s p o l i c y m e r e l y * p r e c i pi f a t e d i t s d i s a o l uhope that tbe differences between Count€jkvoat'and Garibsldi wiH be arranged to t^e siftisfto-t i o n o f t h e m o d e r a t e p a r t y i o I t a l y W h l f * t t h e c r i m e . ( jWhen §|bjsir large fortunes are divided upamong @§e|r children and grand-children, orl o s t o r r M i f a d l e d a w a y b y t h e v i c i s s i t u d e s t owhich fortunes are exposed, these will fall back in order to gain the alliance of those two States,certain and jspeedy punishment for that class of tion. We have presented the reader with a Dictator is actively pushing on his operations the Granfl Jury refer to the number of casesCAKTKBBUKV MUnlO HAXii. Uro*iw»7 —»«>»0* . of tbe funeral, when the old sinner will have the Neapolitan territory is freed fro|i the this jwhen| by a bungling or corrupt are now p e descendants of tbe millionaires of measure, and that it would not arrest the "irre-DAKCIS. B c K u u K t u n , A e been buried darkly by dead of night, without presence of the King and bis adherents. Be will act k>f 'the Legislature, the homicida half a century ago; and tbere. too, if not lower pressible conflict" between free and slave la-fi'e or drum or a farewell shot over her dis- be disposed to rest a while from his 1:tbo|s. aDd ia exempt! from . the extreme penalty in the sojlle, will be fonnd fifty year- hence bor in those States, or in any part of the North.firmsUicprrviou-lyn-ceivedintellisenoeofthe has••letouttheimportant"tact"thatMr.Lin-tbeSardiniantroopsintotheNeapolitai,iking-mightbedonebyasimilarofficerchargedwithTheLoionTimes*andtbefliewYorkarticle. victory «.f tin1 (laribuldians at C»aerta over tlm dom. He also states that it bad never entered the special g|uty of investigating cases of homi- i Press Once Wore.coln, should he be elected President, will put Wehal |quite given over hoping for any- As to the other measure which Mr. Green ad- furrtsotilnKingofNaples. Garibaldihadmade f<rthatimelyproclamationofMi-^hviewsashe intobisplanstooccupyRomea therijkofa cide;butdcignotthatdutyspeciallybelong thing•lit fairandhonesttreatmentatthe vocatesforthepurposeoftakingtbewindout some changes in hi* Ministry. au<1 il i* >tati-tl that may deem ecsential to allay all opposition in ct nflict with France. These declaratieosj; taken to the Cbie the Police Department and the bands of e leading British journal. The Lon- of the sails of the republican party, namely, a Lxtti r U i h:.,tr . xi.^ti-d betwet-n t,he Liberator a u J the St IThern iStntee to the new dispensation; in connection with tbe report tbat the n|ctator District A tt rney? If these functionaries per don Timi seems to have accepted the narrow, the preemption rifeht to a Pacific RailroadVictor Emai/jiel. The Sardinian trpops were ex- and, eecondly, tbat our Charleston cotemporary had invited Victor Emanuel to repair tofkaple* formed the! duties faithfully, does any one Company of twenty-five or thirty miles of the pected M>oii to inter the territory of Naples, the bigoted efTs of a clique of EogHsh.- writersKioi; rommanding them in person. I 1JM> very little faith in any such promises of to assume the supreme authority in OTOW that suppose thai citizens would be "assassinated ia and poli cfans who "resolutely refuse to see public land on each side of the line, instead ofByauarrival atNewOrleanswehave advices!peace. TbeSouthwillonlybetreatedasthe hemightretiretohishome,wouldgotrfprove tbeirhomes,orthotdown^hpopulousstreets" anjtbinggoodinthepoliticalandsocialinsti makingafreegrantandgivingabonusbesidesfrom Mexico, stating that the Juarez government | AfneHiis treat a captured elephant. "Tbeytbat be was disposed to yield to the ac&i.-o of as the Grant t Jury remark, without any clue toof hundreds of. millions of dollars to a few re-d'i a bole for him. and when he has tumbledrecently seized It is also stated that General De- ! in they beat bim. and then bring bim some matic combinations to effect peaceablf What nol. But thjpfact is that the administrationofbad ordered the restoration of the-spe.ie onductapublicanleaders,a si s proposed i n tbeir mea-gollado bad been deprived of his command, and had been ordered to be brought to Vera Cruz as a prisoner. * «ThePrinceofWales*andsuite,afterpasaiogthe night at West Point, proceeded np the Hudson yesterday to Albany, where they were received bythe military and a general turnout 01 the populace. In company with Gov. Morgan, the royal party ri-he bad aimed at accomplishing by forceR_' Should these anticipations prove collect, itIt ia next contended that as our Northern of all the true friends of Italy. Thejjp Sawthe law, whether preventive or retributive, isPrince will leave Albany for Boston this morning.graes; and thus, by alternate beating and feed- ing, they subdue his spirit and he follows his master.''proposition, if guarded with stringent condi- tions; but bow it is to break down the repub- rulethatjtjbBworldhaseverseen,andtheirre- licanparty,ifcarried,wearewhollyataloss sistible inference is that the very best thing we to see. It cannot affect the slavery can do is to return to the allegiance of our question one way or the other, and cer- grandfathers, and humbly beg to be received tainly cannot give any security to the Southconservatives, such a s " t h e Barnarda, t h e Hunt*, the Cushings, the Winthrops. the V an Burens and the Everetts," have been thrownin the rupture between Garihaldil a n dThe deatlfj penalty law of last session wasall that was |equired to give full and completeaited the Capitol and other places of interest, and out and trampled down by the anti-slavery as yet threatened it frcm with uL li.'trep^i debted to f|ie republican Legislature, which,inj the evening dined with the Governor. The movement, " s o it will b e with Messrs. and able as 1Bthe former as a military', balder, while it impraed all kinds of burdens upon theagainst inroads upon its rights and institutions. The only effect it could have, in a party pointLincoln and Seward if they attempt it must be admitted that be possesses Empire City!robbed it of aU power to govern A large amount of business was transacted at the to arrest the tide of sectional fanaticism and but little political talent, and, uoaidedjpyjthe itself ' or protect itself against plunderbis well wishers, and to leave time fofrdlplo- the murderefs ever being obtained? We thinkAccording to theso disgracefully loose that the peaceful citizen will remove a load of anxiety from the^mjnds is at the me&y of the rowdy and the ruffian.at this p< rt, ihe government of Great Britain is tbe only successful system of constitutionalCount Cavour a danger for her ffbgfne- efficacy to tlfe reign of terror which exists inrated nationality greater than any thit, h ts this metropolis, and for this law we are in-as subjects and obedient servants to the crown.Now, the* fact is tbat all forms of governmenthave their absurdities. Lord Nincompoop o n of view, would b e to take away so much public the Treasury benches is as ridiculous as the plunder out of the hands of the republicans;Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday, as will be ambition, short of its great consummation, the experience and caution of others, he-|jw|uld by corrupt officials from tbe interior and the honorable- Elijah Pogrsm on the stump or the but it would not settle the slavery issue, withseen by our report in another column. Among the floor qr Congress; a n d t h e only test indictmentspresentedbytheGrandJuryweretwoabolitionofAfricanslaveryintheSouth.''soonwrecktheadvantageshehasgained,iIninroadsofcrimefromallquarters.Ithasleftasto§theirmeritis tobe;foundwhich it really has nothing to do. This great question muf t b e met and decided, not by side winds, but on the direct issue and on its own merits, and it cannot b e placed on a better basis than that o n which M r . Green himself pubs it, at the end of his letter, when he says:—againstCharlesJeSarda—oneforthemurderof Entertainingthisriewofthesubject,andthat separatinghispolicyfromthatofCountiCa- ustobe"protected"bya'policeforceoverJohn Walton, in tbe first degree, and the otherfar a black republican administration will be the vour just at this juncture, be disappointed whom our Cbief Magistrate, the representativethe murder of John W. Mathews, in the second de- establishment of "a sectional and fanatical the expectations of his, admirers. The objects of the people! has no control; to have our pub-gree. The Grand Jury also made a presentment dominion over the South totally inconsistent of both were identically the same, wi$h thia-. lic offices fiiltjd by Hungry spoilsmen from thein tbe|condition of thegoverned. Ia constitutional governments like those of Great Britain find t h e United States, the governorswith the whole scope c f the constitution," i t i s difference, that whilst Garibaldi sought t* rush rural district!, and, last o f all, i t has enacted amanner that we have received the Prince of the Grand Jury have examined the law Lincoln's election, toe secession of the South- the former imperilled by his too great |a|er- atrocious tmiigh to ent tie him to conviction Wales! Hereditary monarchies are,; in our"Agreeably to th e charge of th e Court,Carolina fire-eaters should recommend, withwisely paused to reconstruct and Becurd'wjbat'' impunity over every murderer whose crime isscience and the progress of events are rapidlydemonstrating that it is a necessity resulting eyes, palpable absurdities. The pomp and show from the nature and condition of man, and toand glitter of royalty is a remnant of feudal the whole people of this country one of theInthisconnection,asillustratingthereal views and purposes of Mr. Lincoln, an 'extractofEnglandhaveseenfittopreservethisancient Mr.Greenehows that the originofthecru-landmark of white slavery, and incorporate it sade against slavery is to be traced, inminds of judges of our highest courts whether, un- is Riven from a speech,ot bis in Kansas, pend tion that pergonal resentment on acco inj of \ last was glveji at the Hotel de Louvre, in Paris as the first estate in their government. There- part, to tbe commercial necessities of Eng- deritsprovisions,anypnnishment.whatevercan|Hi)gtbelutede*pera»econtestfortbeSpeaker thesaleofNiceandSavoytoFrancewaslitfee agrandballtoytheAmericansthensojourning forewerespectit,andindoingsorespectthe land, whose statesmen discovered, afterbe lega.iy inflicted in this State for the crime of t of tbe federal Bouse ^Representatives. In bottom of Garibaldi's demand for the rejaqfal. iU that city. | The number of subscribers was institutions of the. mother country. It would,she became a great commercial a n d manu-murder in the first degree. It is obviously the in-tent of the act to define the mode of puuisument the republican party that, "while we electafor murder, but in the carelessness of hasty legis- lation the definition is implied rather than ex- pressed, and it is of the utmost importance to tbe interests of society that at the earliest practicable moment the law should be revised, and its meaning clearly set forth."President, it will be"our duty to gee that you submit,' and tbat, -if constitutionally we elect n President, and. therefore, you undertake to det-troy the Union, i< will be our duty to deal with you as old John Brownnly tbe Ambassadors accredited to the Court ol the Tuileries. but the special representatives We believe those expressions to haVe^jblen of the eeveral fPowers then convened in Paris uttered in a moment of angry excitement, afud for ibe eettler|eht of the Crimean war; there not to have conveyed hie true sentiments." N o were also theI military heroes, fresh from thenimity, w|hich is not eminently a British virtue, but we have certainly a right to demand that tie truth shall be told about us.colonies, and that she could not compete in her East Indian tropical products with the products of the slave labor of the United States. n«nceA meeting waa held last evening, at the rooms of has been dealt with W e can only do ourthe National Demoeratic Volunteers; of" the dele- duty." The simple meaning of this is that,man liviig must be more impreesed with the scene of their Iglory—all were in full dress,This right tbe London Times—through its it was her policy to break down American special correspondent detailed to describe the slavery, and John Qaincy Adams, who wanted Prince's ftour in Canada—has syteinatijally to be elected President by the developement of ignored. In another part of this paper w e ami slavery States in cur Western Territories,this speech Mr Lincoln declared, in behalf ofof the Sardinian Premier. W e entertaiji Moohigh an opinion of the Dictator's generoiltt ofcharacter to admit the correctness of thid^tajte- of Music. There were present at that ball cot ment, even though apparently confirmed By »•_pressions reported to have fallen fromihym.gates chosen from the various warus' of tbe city, once u stalled in the government, the republi services which Count Cavour rendered ip the fairly glitferic Jwith their insignia. It was ad-to nominate a ticket for county ofiices. There was can party «Ui employ tbe iron baud of power cause of Italian independence, when itiwa: mitted to have peen one of the most successful have given a portion of the Tinier" letter, dated embarked in a conspiracy with British states-nothing done, with the exception of appointing iu tbe subjugation of the South to their de- perilous to bis master's interests to manifest and elegant assemblies ever convened outside a commute* to select candidates and present manas and tbeir anti-slavery construction of openly bis devotion to it, nor can he Sv in- the Tuileries. The deportment of tbe Americansthem to the Convention at the next meeting. A the constitution.few nrnor committees were appointed, and theyadjourned to meet on Friday evening. Mr. Lincoln, in advance of Mr Seward. ha§at Toronto^ September 1 1 In this letter w e men to accomplish their purpose, and entered find garbled extracts fromthe HKHAUO'S tele upon an agitation which resulted in the Missouri graphic despatches, the headings beiag inter Compromise of 1820. The scheme of Adamsirost, casli a-«' • 'in favorable cews from Liverpool, tou j North and 'he South, un'il African flaverv shall Naples, was for the moment carried away* avv'a there was no-vulgar crowding and curious and by tht'irlmes' coirespondent, in order to tions touching its history, which are interestingmsjkttw*f turnerandactiveyesterday,andclose!at|havi,m^at,ohi.h>U. Tbeabolitionofslavery tooconfidentfaithinhisownresources,asilvell impertinentepf^g- Undoubtedlyallthenota- strengthenhiscaseandtopreparehis.readers andaproposatthepresenttime. Itwasnotabout ',i- K.ttaii-e tne sales embraced sbou10,000 b»iei«, is tbe plan o» bo'h Lincoln and Seward for pre as the belief tbat he could disregard all H>rt|- for the oufrageous falsehood that the New York from any conscientious scruples which the agi- s f o o t p< i <D o f w n t c b s » » i n t r a n s i t u ; w c q u o t e m i u - b i l i t i e s p r e s e n t ] w e r e w e l l s c a n n e d , b u t i t w a s<MtoftpUoci.si11'scsU'AC.perpounl Threct-iuis servingwildperpetuatingtheUnion. Theycan dentialconsiderationsintheinvincibilityelf doneinsubhk^ayastoattractnonoticeon journals,withoneexception,areutterlyunre- tators of that day entertained againstproclaimed the doctrine substantially that there liutficU s i it>e South, loucblLg probtoiu Injury fnin is a war, and can be no peace, between theuwu g «> iu isvorabio telegraphic reuo.-tg from cottonat tbe ports Mice Lbe 1st of September ssi bava rfs-.sc ! carry out this plan nufler tbe forms of the con- sbvnt S£2tfcO tia.ra, ags^st 3T0.0CO tor tbe Sana stitution by en eluding slavery from the Terri-time HI i*>o9. and 840 000 in 1*59 Tbe tories by aomirting no more slave States,by .-ipor'a for toe same tuae have reached 92.000his personal prestige. * \\ -\ It is probable that these facts, conjoined #iu|the part of tile Observed.liable "e£en for their outlines of the royal tour." I 'negro servitude that they risked tbe dissolution of the Union; but they used the ignorant fana- tical element for their purpose, as British agi-baJea, af.i^st laeCCO In 1359, and 87,000 In 186s. enforcing the proclaimed right of tbe abolition- pose the seizure of Rome, and to thwart, if iosf the >alance|of tbe four hundred had notators have done, and as American demagogues tion, and stands convicted by bis own handas now do.Owing to the scccunu by private letters from Loatalaaa veneration and respect which his heroism Chosen "good society" or aristocracy of the Here were. \ruiL,; ib« . rjti i* of tbe late storm on the sugar cane i The Constitution newspaper ""at Wash- anoVedmirable disinterestedness have hitherto city. It was so given out and so accepted by and thein iha\ s»»t* in. market wss Active Tbe tales included j iogton, supposed to speak by authoritytold that the Duke of Newcastleernor General were mobbed in the scheme of using the slave, labor of Africa inAfrica to compete with African labor in the1,000 b4it t, at iAles giTes insnotner place. ConVe was ' tbe opinion tbat 'here will be no imme- tional Italy, bis must ever be regarded as cmef that it shoul| have been a sucoess. W e ho- perated; that they threatened to cut the traces United States. France b meditating the samearm, witnss».,.f » M0 bags Kin, l » 0 s 1,400 do Mara- diate danger to the South from Lincoln's of the brightest names on her historic page. AsL nestly believe that the most democratic in case the| Prince's carriage was not driven design, and both countries will probably sooncmbe,anottooo'isgusyra,atratesgiwnlaanother thetoolsimplyoftheredrepublicans,hewould!elementsinthe,citywishedthatitunderthemarch;thattherewere"greatcarryitintoexecution. Thequestioniscolumn fropbts were somewhat election, because, for Hws first two years of his whether our negro Blave labor is to be crippledrateswereq»u»•.»i=> •oMve,white Hdministrationatleas',therewillbeanopposi- sinktothelevelofthemenwhohavewreckedjwbould have been asuccess. Butwe groansand;hootings"attheDuke,andthat andconfined,ifnotabolished,whiletbetwo tion majority agaiust him in both bouses of so often the cause of political freedetn by their j are bound to Bay that it was a failure. Not had it notfbeen for police interference " hisOnnriBT or rAMMAXT llALu-lnu^ ^^ Congress. Now we are uidlioed to suspect that wild and impracticable crotchets. > j tbat there wasfanything lacking in the decora- Grace would have run some risk of sus- great maritime Powers of Europe are seekingsbout 8 coo hi da Cubs tnusoovsdo, 280 hbda. melaiio and of the Cabinet, ha* recently thrown out won for him. As the regenerator of coustftu. the public. Ifo one desired more than we did streets;the the Orangemen were much exas- vU t i u u ) » e pohib.b an interesting memoir .»fold Taoittwn B«U wWcb has rendered up irHJ i spprebenston at Washington that if the Southernpolitical ghost and will soon go to the tomo ot I mo a is not quieted in advance some Southern the Capulets. It ia dead as Julius C«>ar -d«saa I movement of rebellion agaiust Lincoln's elec-The abstention of Garibaldi from the proie-1 tiens, anythibg faulty in propriety, richness taining personal violence.'' The narratives of cutton of bis military plans against Venice '•.. and elegance of dress, either on the part of gen- all tbe reporters agree as to the facts. The once secured, it is probable that what heS tlemen or ladilav, but it was a failure in this:— English and] Canadian prees naturally tontdto develope a system of slave labor on an ex- tensive scale, in order to build up their com-*iU»out benefit e f clergy, "unanoiated. uuaa needed," It d v d In hardened impenitence . died In its sins, waxing worse and wor-*-tion may call for tbe intervention of Mr. Bu- chaiwui as ttye cbief magistrate of the UnitedAs to the bribe of land to landless foreigners offered by Seward and other leaders of the re- publican party, it will not go down with the Intelligence of the country, and even' .theRottena n d aWe are sure that Mr. Buchanan would pieter to fint»h the remnant of his term of officethis qnietlrg bint is thrown out because of the**t*te*.to t h e lastbarthen to im*»|f, it put an end to its infamou* quietly and w tt h o u t M J disturbance, bat it is question. Austria will never yield Venice hand, and it is even said solicited bim to dancewith corruptionof the remainiimngr dliffi/cmuiltJieos- «of *thi—e rI*t-a«l»l^ih- f^lves upon htm, vulgarly asked to take his pendent prei »„of New York has become noted. The fact is, tl in, that the Times' correspondent-and BBasrrattlM existence. It cut its "own possible ibat in thia ver,, natural wiah he throat, committed fdo de Me, and accord- be disappointed " "*m a ying to the usage of our ancestors it ought to I* is poflpible tbat tstti 4k_under coercion If she can help it, but there a l l j With their wives; and this in a chosen, pickedsoughtpeaceably effected.a Corgrees, supported and, no doubt, instigated [j royal guest; they crowded around the royal by? France, would seem to furnish tbe solution guest; many,of them officiously obtruded tktem-o f the material interests o f This is the vital question ofto accomplishb eby force willTbe demand of Spain forA how tobehave,themselves.a t onceA The threethousandaristocracy didThey stared attheT.resentment o f tfte tir»nd up in eciid mass abont tbe Prince, gaping, Pgraph, and therefore was as far behind the age as the London Tunes, which fully account* for the milk in that cocoanut.The English journals-the Turns especially—are never tired of preaching to us, of telling usof our faults and foibles, o f patronizing us. o fassuming airs of superiority, of declaring thatthe conductors of the \kmerican prtss are (.nl/'Uli. I.. H w ha< »be mt*h\» faM theniher hand, will bean immediate g|aran- by the law if the citizens of this metropolis has to goorLsfciety. We feel bound to say, there neither gentlemen nor scholars, and that theU ( »<) p i i T 'W* tO rfo tee of peace, a id of our financial and cofbmer- been of the | ilest kind. Between the loosev *,•'..•! '•(•»•. N .It-n*f will !>*• shed ov^r tn*1 rial sa*ffy The whole isfiie rests up-ilNevi neas prevalf t in the administration of criminal i v . i' tilili LJ*rI JI wild h .» hneri f'»it,it»«H.s York. She hue the power within her ha^d| to> law, die ineficieney o f the Metropolitan Police .>.<! \v>"" ht»h tto.d bw-r*«*li io pif-iuii-cu -urf ie\erj-e all these late revolutionary Northern and the infliience of politicians of the lowest-;.'•*- u'l hh«» h»« b«+ctimr the Tioum <>f ibcfiops in a decisive casti-g vote-fiiff *h« and most degraded character upon the admi .*D «i'f. and k»albM>rBt> iii'wa»e Itamcon Ui ion and the constitution as they are, reoog- X nistrsitors oi justice, there has been literally aoe ball at the Academy of Music wase have no doubt that the appear- nity of his profession. That this is all stuff aad>-•i•.*t^trvim??*cdrendewobereucbao»b- nixingBIdprotectingtheblendedelementsof protectionatalltothelivesofourcitizens anyEuropeancity:thecitizensoldiers,com-to the clearest interpretation that can be givento it. permit the murderer to go freeIt is cunoup to trace the history of the de- change it to a decisive defeat if she ^wiU,ami w Thf decision of the Supreme Court in Mrs but we tjave not the least doubt that while In another part'of to-day's HKBALO will berlint* Hud tall ot this organization-—how i t ' vir-<ue wt«» nrs* shaken and anally corrupted andn>baulked; and how it ba? proceeded troin s'ep tbe dotmant conservative majority of theiitSte.Hartung's lase, and the opinions of our most eminent judges upon*the death penalty l a w o f last session) leave it exceedingly doubtfulto step in infamy, til! at. i*#t itn name atiuku in the noptrila of all hont-M n)»-n.It is ut-eless to beat about the bush for h|*lp whether anjjf punishment whatever can b e in-in other quarters.There is a remarkable identity between the fr< m the republicans, or the headquarters oflheof the {matter is that, with the exceptionva'ive parties opuosed to Lincoln to bringf.mtNew York must be resc|edifUcteoj undel It upon persons convicted of murceiveTthat. |the Grand Jury have taken cog cupy out stately mansions, sport tbeir equipages well deserving of a careful perusal.oi murder in |he first degree.fore, thata failure.ance and demeanor of the hundreds of thou-sands of ple who assembled to welcome the Prince qf ales impressed him more favorably than any s|oh assemblage he had ever seen inBritish journalist alone understands the dig-a spectacle truly grand—grand n o t only as aDwWtireen's Addrcaa tovacPeople otthe Sowtk.There is one observation of his in which wa entirelyconcur,andtbatisthattheSouthcan vulgar (irowd they pretend to despise. Their maintain ber rights better In the Union than children! perhaps, will be educated and re- out of i t But as to the policy recommended intheevent ofLincoln'selection—whichthe writer appears to assume as a foregone conclu- sion—tbe policy of the South conceding a pro- t e c t i v e t a r i f f t o P e n n s y l v a n i a a n d N e w J e r s e yfined-?tley;canneverbeeither.tutiens o l the United States.cheerful i r t a view of the matter, as once laiddown b; lone of her Majesty's representatives sure, w e consider this a more statesmanlikeYour hundred—just the same as that of the perhaps,|b£ askingtoo muchifwesuggested theGeneral Committee of tbe ball at tbe Academy propriety 4f a reciprocal exchange of magna- India slaves, tbat she had ruined thosesensible to the exigencies which rendered thefurrender of Savoy to France a poi« Ibf tives who honored the occasion with their mixed with the main body of the despatch. was to produce a sectional Northern party inevitable policy. The truth is tbat Garif^ldi, presence witjh a,high sense of American deli- and severai expressions quoted as having ap which would control the destinies of the coun- flushed with bis military successes in Sicilj and cacy and refinement, for the simple reason tbat peared in this paper which were really invented try, and Mr. Green gives some personal, revela-Ite tuax o fraud amounted to 388,000 bales, against ; ists to freedom of speech and of the pressall31»0(0II 1SI-9 »iKt 281,fcOO m 1868. The news reoeivudfrcm Ii>dt« u> Krgisnd was considered good. Flour waa culated to drive out slavery from the Northernin sua.!j t < u>Aud srtth pretty free salea, closing flrmer, border s'ave Slates and to render "the cotton remonstrances of the liberal ptess of Europe named, and-;having never been convened for soft speeches. in the estimation of all soucd American states- with less A! io»ion fcr common grades. Wheat was in good may also have convinced him that by throw- or consulted, at all—boldly announced it<ltu ana sua *»:es srge, and In tbe main without change States" too hot to bold it. The republican par- ing himself into the arms of the Mazzini pai|y, as intended |o ?be an ovation to the Princeof BUimtt.i ;n irices. Corn was unchanged and tales I t>, too. as a party of this •one idea"--the abofair s*f* o! new m«at pork were made at lition of slavery- will be compelled to make it and hazarding all that has been gained to fftr- by the three thousand selected from New York's Orange disturbances at Kingston which tallies employing enslaved coolies in her colonial pos-*1> T6 * *l S 7 S , and of new prime at f i t 60 , tbe main feature ot Lincoln's administration. ther their insane views, he would forfeit |he upper ten thousand; in other words, by the in its recitfji offsets exactly with our aocouats. sessions, and secondly by adopting a newer. over the South, and by various other acts cal-eible, his threatened attack upon Venice, hive part or lotjj ia the arrangements, having a wilful arid deliberate liar. We know that thispresent impressed the distinguished representsNow the scire! of gentlemen who got up andThis correspondent has saved us tbe trouble tbe determination of France and Sardinia tc^op- managed the jpall at the Academy of Music—for of accusing him of intentional misrepresenta-induced the Dictator to listen to reason. The been selecte^ after all the committees were But now that England finds the institution of is strong liuguage, but the occasion i- not one negro slavery to be stronger than it ever wasn o t knowtheir accc*un|s down, andpossible on |he affair, while the American cor respondents described them with that graphic freedom and thoroughness for which the inde-finding that lie had been beaten out of the fieldgrounds for believing that she would not J { aest mblage of New York good society—a se- by tbe N e w York reporters, whose accounts foreigners themselves know that ft is aindisposed to part with it for a handsome cdJj- terely aristocratic assemblage, as it was pro- reached Eng|anp a.week before his letters, and "mockery, a delusion and a snare," and thatbebaitedatacrowroads,withastakedrivenelectionthe8tat-.7K**newi°f^Coin's eideration.Ilerexchequerisinsuchabanji-claimedbeforehand.'Whenthetimearrivedwerereproduced,ofcourse,IntheLondonpa-toninety-nineoutofeveryhundredofthemathroughitscarcass. Towhat a base enddo electionthebut. authoritiesofSo** CM0,iQfi mptconditionthatshe must resort to thisdr grantofa free farm in the moon would bemay adopt some B w w a t w f o r ^ ^oiioa for tbe Prince to dance, the end of the Aca- pers—sought/totconsole himself for nis defeatparties as well as individuals come, when tbey ot precipitating • colliaion between the f e d ^ some other extreme measure to replenish ii demy where ihe was to take his place by charging lisf more rapid competitors, with about as valuable, whatever speculating landdepart from virtue and become slaves of profit government and the State. -All the late m*ni By selling Venice the not only refills hey was a compact mass, and not even repeated falsehood! ifoW, the London Times is placed bharks might make out of it.gacy and corruption. coffers, but she gets rid of an enormous daily in a singular^ disagreeable dilemma. Either tts The erposl given by Mr. Green of the atro-'(ettatioi.s of public sentimer t ia «aid 8 t W e b drain upon her resources. The wisdom df solicitations* loudly announced, could induceTime was when Tammany Hall held the tray something of a resolution of thisaort. £ Count Cavour's policy will, in our opinion,be the thronging, gaping "good society" to make conductors must retract the charges against the cious Pacific Railroad scheme, in which thebalance of political power in thin great 1W10ib»M» Carolinian*, on tbe wceeaion qu«a soon evidenced by tbe cessionof this territory an open space for tbe quadrille. When we saw New York pfess. or else tbey must stand in the Canada Grand Trunk Railroad and tbe Newooafederaoy; wh«n the name of -Em- pire State" had a political as well as a commercial and metropolitan significan :y;Won, sgreed, after a Hanlii g content, to waitUntitled Document*n conditions alike honorable and advan-tageous to both the Austrian and Sardinianthe ragged urchins trotting at the heels of the Japanese,! we fejt sorry for tbe poor strangers whose footsteps; ware impeded; but when wesame position where its special correspondent York Central Railroad, with tbe Albany Re-has placed ui| The New York journal which gency, are concerned, claims the attention othe Times erceoted from his awaanlnsr anJ the reader, who will see why it is that the U F M Aj*;tinn o f t h * hill n f Vfr Cnrtis recOBl-In the London Time& letter from Toroato,dated September 10, there is an account of the people, she falls back upon it-herself, first byput asgood a face a sand thus secure their own rights inviolate, wefacturing nation, and emancipated her Westmen, and in the minds of the majority of themerce on tbe ruinsthe United Slates?the day, and it must receive a direct answer from the American people. ^ for the co-operation of other StatesIn i860 behalf o fherexciu-d sonso fnullification,i ngovernments.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 