i'i.aeau (Ua Brealac-mu&oKv iHSAns-Tn B«ua« w A r««iMttU OEWBTHVATBK-TAnnrAiB.and wathe firat trial will BOtdlaMance tbecanCoaM^heniMii b«p'iDitaMMii)»u<asfer8thrust himself in the way of perils from whicheven his father would have shrunk, for thesake of bolstering up the most faithless ally inwar, and the most insidious rival in peace " "atoJlgmman. dischargeBepublican Partychargethus refusing to act, on Saturday afiamoon, ia about to take out a mandamus to him taw^-^'""»r^^r'^m^i .'•'<*''''•.M-*''J'.;*'«s»""s^^?'s^ koak TJntoAy. KiJfl«i9.MW^tbaaooaatencteifflMMIhGts pradoeed b^lheMomabattte&dlhveiaMtovesseL TheofgertlM^aUth Of siffiors and ofCeers was good atout of thewi&out the usual restiveness of his order under all outside interference. The memorial, whichthetlM'bf flie saOhig of VieASS nrtval at' New-Orleans furnishes dates fromTaiaC^az to March 3. Misauon had reached Ban Jnaa, within three lesgnes of tbe city whichhe yaa menacing, simuscholar Dr. Tbihch, the Dean of Westminster,ta nfiously with Altabaoo. Two Teasels fr^ Campeachy were aiding the Libetal canae in the threatened city, by transport-Legislatureremarkablyproceedings and their plans) to reply to a series of questions on the matter of their trust.thus foiled, and justice was nottobe thus aet atothet^teeaaes,these interrogations,which quite disregarus the ordinary reqoisi-"Last Sunday forenoon,"regardIt is to behoped;the " sung throughing philanthropista like Hr. Nkal Dow, whose has poured forth so manywords in praise of his own beverage of cold water, and in denunciation of thetions made a in reportfor the Senate tothat was foiled the resolute resistance object byIandlijt. TAadssur Htar claimed the attention ofing trpopaprovisions.and itSupply.ofour " thoughts peoplewaswas to have been preaented by that eminent had been held by order of the SberiCAy, during the greater parttreaty"whether the panes "were not very small manifestly illegal,The member was doubt- panes." intelligenttbe 8fn>tPi yeatotof tha aeaakni. Mr. Sdicmsb made an elaboratewere rather in the nature of anmade apreceding Sunday eveningsince in the General Term, before Judges SoTHsa-Thesebia dafeocp, claiming that tbe Com- inquisitionJndge CoLLAt^sB,of'Vermont, Slavery queationfh.. eofsi^.to ezerdaa tbe power of ia-i nllBjp^eonldaatboHty Xaaan. Halbfor anarraignment -theyIt was miiiwilTj' Ustorical research,logicalthatnohe bad rightbutto aaanl thatthsy.iitfeavQMuttatiQn.91ieMines of Washoe.> MK.inthisrespectwiththatsingularletterofMr. ofithesaidthattheRepublicanParty Robebt J. Dillon, which we published on Sat- to restore the Missouri Compromise line.The wonderfultaleofWashoe"appearstobe gradually crystallizing within the limits ofprobability. It is hardly to be doubted that sil- ver mines of great value have really been dis- covered in the vicinity of Carson City in Cali-Ckintinent.MWnd FmMMrthe sentencein the same that it would hrtbeCiwIiilllHn toaiosecute anin- .if it had not tbe right to force wit- ]>eaa»tft fa^tify- Aaioac the Republican Sena- tonLMr^Doeiiiin* took the same pooition, urgingpassed by the Recorder, could not reach it.ibr other reasonsnot to attacks of this sort asnot find anyof the Board to which'were addressed. Ibej can only be compared ability aod excellent temper. In the cooraetha vocation thoiq^t"waiTMn%^Kn7'bill pteaented by hhn at last aeaalon slightly modi- "what items, are essential;" aIt is scarcely probable that, under thesejournals had ac-The Striet Letteb Boxes. There is great complaint of the boxes affixed to the lamp- thatLeave was refused, 105 voting to grant and 69 to withhold it.!notes and an alteration of the Tariff.A resolution authorizing the sale of the Harrods- case, quite unworthy thedeposited^Attorney. The Board also asked that $150,000 might be addedprobably find it deairaliie both for oniaelves and for ourINew, that vre injiili iiiwupailiwiiidpiiTlilT1*T* WmUM-illCTHi — y»i—i Ro«x- to the Coanty tax levy, for the parpoae of provid- V^nMO* MniMiii .JInataa—TBI Ognao«>. ing and fitting np suitable rooms for the " County Coarta," having special reference, however, ta thediscard every arUcle gradual disappeanaae of theNEWS OF THE DAY.Br tha uriral of the Ameriea at Hali&x, we her to convev : that as she was living witi hertee by Russia of the Austrian dominion over Hungary and Venetia.The story, if true, ia certainly of the first im-capaei^ the one American steamah^ Bne, wUU^ Sim)^hm I^enwol newa to Feb. 16, aod telegraphic ""'-It wouldpresage nothing less thanaad evUsingly maintained the traditioBsof «aruiali tthe Continent indicate the early lilieli-England.A minority report was submitted byem- ployment should be thrown out of work, in order that the Senate may keep on asking questions, and the Commussioners keep on an- them. We know that oar Park is prospering, and that It haa proved no drainCentre,clearing their Peninsula of theboypouringprimingtian,Qaaena«own to the 26th. TQe pro-a^'>Idetail,and notalways very;mweeks of 1858 and 1869, 434 and 515For, escapedattention. 'While the valiantsoldiers,possiUemayphiek op ettanica(ofFMUaanot bad ^een incereating. In of Osmaioiik, on tbe 24th, Hr. BaiOHTeyethe assured advent of a war ot nationali-ties within the Austrian Empire, which couldhardly fail to develop itself very rapidly intoa abia in defence of the Tarf apeechThegtm, it is presumed, is designed for theOopmeiciai .Tnaty with France. The London HthSi ih<1niit<<<i that the reward of his services to Jht JUniatiT on thia and other occaaions will betfcaJPaarmaiiHtt^OaiiaTalahijC vacated by the Earl «fSlgfa, whofoe* •> Bpeaial Plenipotentiary to OlUna. Mx. Ocean's motion, of the same gen- enl'efaarleteTaa thatof Hr. Dibkasli prerioualywaa daieated by a majority of 116. The ma to oome up for formt^ diacassion on t ah. Kr. HADnxLO had inquired in tiie iBTthe Qoremmentwas apprized gflfca ^^nwehinf international prize-fight, and what aaearorea haia been taken to prevent it. The oaa^SMratary rejilied that the only step tafen ar |IWjULible waa to piobibit the fight within the mtttvt.i^ Metropolitan Police District. Ru-who willagainst herself, drawing on the downfall of preciate the inventor's suggestion? and become that can be asked for the newconeia ishotMlof annawed coUiaion in Italy. Austria iataiiiilT wmint alone the Hincio, wtdle the arma-aatafPiedmont proceeds with unabated rapidity.'~*~two out of the eight Trustees, wliidi was silentgivesa letter to thetke .Dnbrian pioviiices, and bad received a alMU Mfative ia reply. A statement thatThere is one consideration in connection with the use of this gun which will insure theintent to « kill,(technicallytaaaida fnlialieaawie of Bassian and Pmsaian iataipariliaa, tbe Bmperor of France had resolved to itaadaD Irae projeet of tne annexation of Cen-A lecture on the.of importance SanitaryBeformour resourcesbut on thein toPope;expenseCity,requirethatthedeliveryofOi^ lUa&itaBe ^m'_,_, , tkeany moaayafirom the bestows upon t^eir eolIea(nas. They show ofthe settlers,—feeUng quite certain that in tlons Dntch firiends, as abox 'ni iialfillftfflfr'rini"i«"iikliTs||ipi(|||I i|pi iw *»»««tiwmt*iHi8>nyrraP»m»». sented a remonstrance of the Common CooncU (rom $1,428,671 to •8,888,888, with the oaeiaa- hibition.and Lao* Fahohxsestimates thethe passage of an act by the Legislature y«lrl<M«OtlM••(MaMltnlWTWATlDtUAU; afiowinganythreementolaydowngasorwaterMMMrlfliM ^jllgnjmy pipes in the Cityover until tbe next meeting of the Board. spprapriated to the construction of the—of popular sovereignty willt* «*a«diMhrTwM>TO«uiu.Theyauthority —productionpractically naUonal wealth at this era of the world's his- and piethelettersiadoaed.aadOMtaaJA^UdU Itup. ITwexeeeS-hSS^tIaSyfMPW OALDlOBinA U »Bbll<k«d >«»yTlUamticePark could alao have been meant to main- settle the qtiestion of Slavery in the Territo-ingephms ooatdvaace, aadth* f». Fi<M, la wrappan, ithanries. The refinements of oonstitntional law mining wherever it offerstaTKlaUT la alTUOT.fe*««toMM< to lb* PoMUitn "Kaw- a«*-T«rkOUgr."the notion on thissobjectof the framer of the—t^ pn^ii^ituil TruJt for the office of the Diatrict-Morningyear flashed upon the world from the columns of^iporel of Northern make. Minerva and from the steam-traffie between rtha 0^41adopted(who had already handed in to thecalling worthy of his hire ;" and that the sooner they set the wheels of the Park machinery at wodc,known. The Morningaclear and detailedof theirSecretary byand aecond, Oreen- pavingit will after all remain for the people of the Territories to say for themselves whetherwe mayA Paouio Qua—Th« HoKBPinr BaiOAna.—questions than aniiKprirytone aadtemper'Slght be very easily mistakenvery in the Wted Statea a few days shice."and in which the same unfortunate offi- cials are charged with "malfeasance," in that" 'What," said he, " is the of the propositionyoung On Saturday last Hr. WAnsBtrsT, the present lady who pleaded in extenuation of an illegiti- District Attorney, holding that the order of Jndgeurday,mate that it " was such a littleresponsibility Russell was a nullity, issued a bench warrant farone." LitUe or large, however, it waa finally the Alderman's rearrest, and placed it in the I decided that smashing the panes of church- of Capt. DowLiNs, of the Sixth Precinct BlBqmMIcan Party * Nothing more, nothing thatKiril^ badaijzableto summon Oov. Wiac they dared to adopt a plan which Mr. Dlllon less than to restore that line." We doubt verybefote the Committee, and if this were to be "and of eourse weconsiders a mutilation and a deformity." much whether'Vbafbtuid eminently desirable. Hesers. Indeed, if Mr. Dillon were not a private citi- general sentiment of the Republican Party. Itfornia,may expectdoQf^ 'aoBie^ neh pnmsion as that now in dis- FsABCS and Davib took similaruponthispointhespokethewindows could do no lasting good to the Churchwas arrested and delivered to Sheriff KlUT, vAa refused to take him to prison, on the groond thatand after Mr. Hyatt, andby Judge BusasLL's orderto dis-he be assiuned to be the was zen, might naturallyol England as by law established. ernment acted.So the Gov-author of the Senatorial questions as well asplatfe ^nt oa the same footing as the of his own ex-cathedral episUe. The first of existenceOur;had l>een submitted by Mr. Bnountadrejected, that tocommithimtojail Tiatj^Wthonld make up his mind to answer the qoeMM Which ought be put to him, was adopted oy a VMa of 40 to 10. The rest of tha business liMiaHml waa of minor interest. On motion of Ki.iDso, that portion ot the Post-offica Appro- piiatian tnH wMeh has reference to tbe printing of blaaka waa siupended. The same gentleman of- fered the petiticHi of New-Tork merchants for a mail line of steamers from Charleston to Havana vid Key West. Mr. Height gave notice of a billtoappropriate $600,000 for the extension of the Capitol grounds. Mr. Washbhrb, of Wisconsin, endeavored to introduce in the House a resolution in to fraudsIndians,butasuspensionoftheruleswasre- more fused. The majority of the Committee on Elec- not but think that it would have beenmise which called thequite they were before the crashes of 1857, but there is still left in their speculative nerves to respond after a fashion to such enticementsforin the following style, with"'What reasons forand undertaken a ;dan for the Park, tbe execution of which exceeds the Umitationsthe act of 1867?"we ought not to insist too sharplytioDs of adoptedSyntax:havingof the,.Legislature by Perhapsand not for the adventurernorthof whocancommandnmcliiner)',andnotfortheinstant had they been offending."Truly, inwiththeofourfromall theof 36° 30', and admitted it, by im-"In the afternoon " theLegis- but we certainly may suggest that Sen-their strength was to sit still."upon grammargravitieshare felt that;speech tfof Senate of thffeinstance, anreportnaught,bytheCity Jndge.appealedwhmMof thewich-atreet from Battery-place to Qanaevoott-atreet in tlie same manner, tke Ninth-aveane expenses of maintaining and carrying oa so Bailroad Company to pay one-third tiie expense, permanent a public bistitation as this of a only where their rails are laid. The Board of Park, which is to bfeas sncoeaaiveSnpervison, after much debate oa very email should be forprovided byto pay iTSfet M voinmha of Tt« OU Beilaf CHm- unto the day ia the evU tbei«of." Whenbare acliieved our we shall Park,The Anstro-Kosalan Alliaace.mattera, adHramed, bat not nntil they had votedweThi Adbiarc Qnn stud^tsandsoldiersofSouth WehavehadoceasioasooSeatoLTHATUXMiEITM—SmAi*OoBGHtr. SupremeandSuperiorCourtrooms,whichareao- TheCommissionersharetakenthisviewinable best authority from "Vienna, that Russia has patriotic mode. The Richland soldiers have TransatlanticttMPV UMOV-Smmm OBon^ Knnnu.theirpastto renew her old relations with Aus-toriously nnhealthy. An effort to add to the taxclaims of old policemen failed.The General Term of the Sapremf Court yester-action, and as they were distinctly sustained in it by the Legislature of 1869, whichlevydecide,driaiwtilTWW Ti« Anm«* Oe.11tBU«ai>. day affirmed tbe conviction of Mortiioui Shat for accepted their plan as prosecuted from the murder.and of Fsabk Fowlzb for ticket swindling. time of its sdoption in 1867, with all itsbridges, drains, drives, lakes, trees, and snb-approval.Other questions of the Senate relating to;all tookwhich their foes have us the wrought.MIBUI—V«rBroadmr—MranorKia* TbewiilofJoBiO.BoKsahaabeenofferedfor It contains a oodicil disinheriting his probate. " Mabt Am." An Inteieating quaetionof theWhile these patriotic designs are awelttng advertised in our columns to-day on the nntemnMlUMir GALUBT—Kunnto ei Fuinaas.Mi«T imUTT ir». IN—WameaCB ftm GALuai .« On rA«rma*.husband in tne the was in tbe house, possessionof the law bis, and not hers.Capt. EL B. Mallxtt, late of the ship John Cot-structions,gavethe terms of thissaid, Austria agrees to surrender the East to SiBisT, of the vfDage of Mount Solon in Vir- lantic Steamship Company. Hm eaaiHMi-daughterhas arisen m a case on trial in tbe Supreme Court, Circuit. It seems that a married woman, residing with her husband in a house of which she was the owner of the lease, conveyed the lease to a third person, who now brings a suit to eject tbe hus- band. This is resisted, on tlie ground, among oth- ers, that the wife had no poaaession which enabledand evento go on with it, they can hardly, we think, be"tle, of Thomaston, Me., who was charged with thekilling of bis first mate, Ml'. FxnaT, of WestchesterCounty, while in the port of Acapulco, came home sioners, as our readers will see, answer with in the Atlantic, with two «f the crew aa wimesses, quiet and specific accuracy; and they close under onlers al tiw A^^Hcan Consul, for triaL their report with a suggestion which we trust The examination oTttdHi^ae will take place thismorning.;andthe AdriaUe-wU.:" months of March andand on their way to the Park, and that theclude reporters. The majority of the Board of that tl>e people of New-Tork should lose aare theagainst 481 during tbe preceding week. For the months of the Spring, tliat trees are purchasedIITherewere 509 deaths in the City laal week,Aprilplantingcorrespondingwere respectively reported.forces of the Park are for em- waitingAt the annual meetmg of Dr. CuuvSK'S Churchiregularlast evening, an ineffectual effort was made to ex- ployment." It really is hardly worth whilevent a between collisionof temper, endnranoe aadof their engine of war to the next pasture or American steamship discharging te Uvaipart grove, what is to prevent some smart Tankee docks may cease to be what now It la—«Trustees submitted a report condemaiag the action taken, vrithout the sanction of the Chmh, to cttl- lect pecuniary aid through Uias JoBmToin intime in theof tiieir noble and that the three or fouron the The Church was evidently in fa-extinguishing the sputtering gun, drag it away to the enemy's camp ?A Cnaiovs CaaoncLa or tBaCooa* ev ttai- BALSaasioas.—Aldermani*m»^»«Baaanr, la- dieted for an aasanlt and battery oa PiHlFWaUKsubject.vor of the minority report by a very small majority. Trustees favorable to Dr. Ckutib were electedmoreto rouseHungaryto arms than tot tf Sardinia, who remains at Milan, badin behalf of by a majority of two votes in shriy-four. At 1)o'clock last night the Church liad not decided swering what to do with the reporta.likelye^jpal Sardinia while any attempt on the partof an Austro-Russian alliance to disturb theactual position of things in the Danubian Prin- name of its inventor a safe transmission to ple assault only in the Coart of GagftalhMv Ike pttallniyto laidiida, waa current and credited. to followed by a series of lectures upon the same " afford more than sufficient mean^'for theA Mrie mmor of a strict alliance the same author. At the close of the 'qoeatiooable subject bykai4aBjnatbeenformedbetweentheCourtsof Jecluretheaudiencevotedaresolutionofthanks TinBa and St.' Peterabiug, waa also tai circula- to the speaker, and unanimously recommendedof interest on the debt incurred for its purchase and improvement, withoutperemptorily upon the scene. Nor could Prus- the five handred balls discharged one after sia look quietly on upon the movements of any another in the same direction, only the firstpleaded guilty whan JoespH BLmnl SwKEar,byapp<rintmentofQov.Kiaa. Oa4ka"•sailed from Liverpool at 11 A. M., on theSifFebroary, and touched at Queenstown on tbefbUotring day, arrived here last evening. Her ad- Tbe recent the Banks ofities of his Holiness the Pope,Whi^uponwss delivered last evening b^ E. T. Bqbbuis, in the words of the City Comptroller,contrary, prot|use8tbe HsU of the University Medical College. It isand bring the great Western Powers of every peace society in all coming time. Of indictment was found by the Onlad Aiy Empire, Pbt^ B. Swnar was Diatrict-Attaday.Om teiau offend by Marshal O'Dohkkll tbeta a» Mooca, but rejected, involved a pay- islature.nadTfef tbem of |lS,OM,t)00 and the cession of Wm. C. Pbimx, Esq., delivered last eveninp;, in amount of taxes accruing to the1 taililwy . Haetilitiea were about to be the Hall of the Historical Society, an exceedmglysuchleague.half-dozencanbeatalldangeroustothepeace 23dofOctober,ofthesame h»ismtii^<passageof the Health bill now before theLeg-anyratetaxation,year,ftam^inawehearthattbeprovisionsCity in consequence of the enhancementof dw 'American Treaty relative to tbe opening ef cidents of his explorations among the monuments caused by it in the value of real estate." This years'interestinglecture, embodyingmanypersonal in-The next (thewho did her best after 1815 to absorb the tain to arrive in due time. These last missives Judge BiTSSXLL. Bsfore hba Baxbt'bcal, very itself thatthepleawastakendaavoidindictnaaat. Onand from their abletheLAKD,BoaacT and Liohaxd, and dismissed theytheatorial inquiries as a general rule should plication at least, into all the region south ofgleaner uponthe surface, gambling hisand a tn [dsatureparallelLitanywas but little in-the of bee morality;New-England,the pure results of popnlar self-government. Lead-" practised on the Menemonee be imiuiries rather than indictments. We can- that line. It was repealed in order to permit pile."terrupted.persons pres-the matter of the seat nified, for instance,of Mr. BiOKLia, contested by Mr. Williamson, whether the execution of the plan adopted by of tbe people themselves. Kansas has beentile people, and prosecuted with all the aids ofscience and all the responsibility mercantile order prevailed. There were 400 persons " cakes and ale" of his neighborsm favOT of cempelling the latter to filemembera policemen inside and outside of Congress, and others, "honorable men" in benefit a State. the Church." To the unconscious sarcasm of Haine, are found to have made it a ''steady habit " for years to put their names oa tha bonds of State Treasurers, with the intention ot Arrow- the State from those officers for theirhis testimony withinnority reported in favor of Mr. Williamsonleave to vnthdraw his havingthe Commissioners had not "exceeded the secured to Freedom.of sort of;" own use and behoof. The revelations alreadyKixwiTCH mad^ order reign in Warsaw."to Mr. Williamson to take his pan^sume that the Commissionersit, simplythis last paragraph, not a word can be added.Let us congratulate the British Home Secre-tary and the Church of England. Since Pas- inghi* ••.twenty days. The mi- papers. The House decided;because itis thepresent,and 300lir. Cabtib, of New-York,hem city aiatteis before the country, strove to in- trodaea a reeotation embodying the invitations aeaft^thhttereilth Begiment, previous to Feb. 22 aDdili0fm£S>/( treatment received by thoseItwasnotadmitted. The HoqieataaaHllwaathenrecalled from the Com- mittee of the Whole, and paaaed by a vote of 114 to M. Mr. i|f»«»"-r. aaked leave to introduce themoneyseat on thedisposedtohad been male-cannot traversereally must also object to the terms of anotherof these "extractions of truth." The Senateasks the Commissioners to state how much line.money is to be expended on each item of their circumstances, the Republicans will insist upondiscoverysufficiently damningare yet, it would appear, to be developed. So atand then goes on to them to mention its restoration. {•lans, begin the streets for the reception of letters. " There are men in Maine —occupytag high to-dayUndoubtedly the main object of the Republi- can Party will continue to be to prevent the ex-the Whole ordered bills providing for univeraal only indirectly concerns the public. Their sub- will the controversy into everycarry territoryril"S;^r(BroTk!ytfti!''fi^J°^J>^^"^^ stancehasdonegoodservicebycallingforth oftheUnitedStates,—andinnearlyallofthemjHJStsprincipal objectionfied, proviffing for the redemption of Treasuryif any,proposi- tion which strikes us as being either simplyto them is that letters ctations—wao are bound to fall, and fall speedUj,tDei. inthemarenotsecure. Thelidcan AndtbelriJIsgracewiUl>esoawhilthatPaox«1Uhaimpertinent, or perfectly absurd bodyand in eitherand with letters can be forgotten pincersbut from which it will not be restricted in this endeavor hereaf- ter, as they have been hitherto, to that portion Ty."^ pfseneral interest. The Committee of However, the form of these interrogatories of it north of tbe old Compromise line. Theywealth, a copious new supply of silver at thisbeburgh (Ky.) Institution wasThe business acted upon in the State SenaU emanated.sdopted.;it' from the Commissioners the most full, plain with reasonable prospects of success. Whether ain".L'yyTM"iritt^ll, «-<lay amuse- and explicit statement which w'e have yet seen they will insist that Congress shall pass a lawestimated by Mr. Tooek at tteo thousand mil- ing them through the City, without having first to give bonds of tlOO to appear forlions of dollars, instead of abating, has of late made inquiry into their safety and utility. of baring attempted the Ufe a{ hh alfc wtaahsiSiWv'{^^.-^JiJF^th^fu'J^niletltil^avlbaetaiaethia actioB failed. Mr Callic^'^L'°'eeon'xlerof the principles on which this great public work prohibitiag Slavery in the Territories may bean and been intensified by the necessities of England's The experiment of introducing effectiveII II I r f1 TTitti T knifn TiaainCjjaiI L-the New Aa Vajorient acommonication to the Boardthis sideto t>e that no such action of than The introduction of the and letters droppiBd in through the opening at Congress gold.WesternCompany.of AUermenlaat the evening, vetoingadoptedafteracareiUezaBdt^^l)l^by.§ nfnmnreaolationao eao i^kewe er:—and(he otest amineat and .gold coinage in France has done the topThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069fall to the bottom, from which they arebwa(the nihtaskwas largeyBLlB8S??*Wnf*^ Coanty, ta eleet i a,aretotakepUoeoathemajorityof th^ Comrnliwinnea,;;theyraised,rotes hetaClMCMVnow excepts from tbe aaafiiema which he I nil confidence npon the spirit and sentiment demooltesatton of pM decreed by oar(teentiBl or tba Bep«bfiMi leUta an ia- other, wtdch.fonad taror. i^ tl^ e^ of Mr. clined neither to ask nor pennU aay Aithar Dnxon, md of two genOaioea whom he even legisUtion upon this sobjeot They rest withiw maybesetUedbyemigrar nte,elevenyearsago. Theprodnctionof^tfS iBfHtoOitrbMaaeibr to prepare plans and advw- original act aa to expendltnre, which they are aon, the interest of the inhabitanta will decide has largely increased, too, since 1849, ttuuiksftr the AovemenUoaadparpoM. An0Mtt<aeawaapreaeotedandtofened,dueet-preeantioaaiyW^nl: perfeit aaoan«tMtir4^9v:«*«v«wiyi mm- abqlBAaepantaka*«»«»b«KMOH^'^Mf^also (hat thehtngnageof thelimitationIn theanyTerritorywhichcle«rfngtheatieota. The ordtMnea iMde* the City into three atreet-clean-aaaotadkr 4m(niJrMh;UMftrIng diatilcta, and does not allow contractors to Md and indeterminate, the restriction being not will resist, therefore, any attempt of the South and also to tbe opening of new mines, such as a space at the eatiaaee'for man than one district at a time. The ordi- definite to a partlcnlax sum, bnt iSxed to a to pass laws for the protection of Slavery ia (hat of ChamoeUlo, accUeatally discovered, theyrapoMlirforcharged with disregardiag, was endrely rsgne the question in favor of freeSom. Whiletheyto thegreatfall in the price ofnance was referred to tbe special Committee onnwinnr-Tow nna (SMiWMUrMrnnDw^ street-cleaning. Tbe President of tbe Boaid pre- aliding scale wtiieh might alip up or down tbe territories, they wiU ask none for its pro- near tbeCopiapo Railway Station, in Chill,in De- faUa, and theletter drope totts I""Whatever party may be in thewithout the of the prove that It is at least an open question therefore, it seems altogether probable that 17,600,000 between 1848 and 1861. Bnt there box aboveagainstThe Board of Councilraen disposed of a greatmass of papers which had acenmulated upon theirtable, under the bead of general orders. The only tain the Park when constructed. Whateverreally Important meaanrea which received finalaction, were, first, a in favor of paving repoitCentre-atteet with the BelgiaB pavement at thewin have but little Influence upon the subject Senate means to harre beea, we think few men Whatever lawyers may argue, or courts decide, pursuing this veinItself;depredationstv« wl'tlons of the rate of mterestfurtherat fariilj m«g M » Ctm «/ IwOTtvar mtn,wiat*m- COTamon Coundl. The remonstrance waa laid wliether the money thus intended to be the principle or at all events the prac- can still be no more certain source of added while theactof business will be Inclined toUto bereallystrikeitinourowndominions. systemfortheooDeotioaaadoriginalmayin Mexico, ithopedtantwe should tax ourselves each in turn to take care of it.children that(airly charged withmalfiaasance"in precisely what the people of this City hare re- joiced to see them do, and what the assembled wisdom at Albany has once blessed with itsminor matters ofcourteous in their implications, the Commis-win not be' lost upon the Senate, that the'year'sdevelopmentpleasnre-groimdthousand laborers to whom the Parkpayment"with whom he is sowould result not only la stretching France to of theandofin Flout and Wheat, which, however, wereparent her"clergylaityrobberyheld with increased firmness. Corn attracted but even by those gentlemen for whom hemore attention. Provisions, Coffee, Bice, Hops, professes the "greatest respect," and uponMetals, Oils, and Whisky were quiet. Sugars, "and were in whose endeavors to execute this greatnatural limits," but in carrying the Prus- on tbe one band, and to Warsaw on the other.mance of eomie concerts in a house of wor- ship and the pelting of clergymea withbutrobbedhim. Thelatter Waa charge, howevae,notsnstainsd. Babbt'bcounsel,inhisargnmeat, having mainlainad that it was irregular to take a pl«a im aiitrit hmI battery when there was aMolasses, Turpentine, Tallow, Hay demand at steady quotations. Freights were in- active.and noble work with taste and economy" heBnt it issingularly unlikelythat the actualLet the Senate remem- The Central Park amd the State Senate. ber that trees must be planted if they are toof the Russias should have Emperor willfullywas atlast persuaded to take deci8iv*-<i«i;tioii higher inAetoent for highway robbery, Jodgathat .the frost isthe Senate of New-York on the 3d inat ground, and the Spring coming into thein the matter.however,On motion of Mr. J. M. Mdrfht, of this City,;proceedingajannalleda preamble and reeuilntionsupon the Commissioners of the Oentral Park; fliat the laborer iswhom KossiadischargedCity Prison, wfaecehaincreasetheof(H^ by Becorder to foot moatkl ia tlvBa^majority"discontented,London, having waited upon the Home-Secretary with a sec-bestows hisapproval.peas,thatdistingaished fenetionarygrowcomingNot,Bcsssu. quadied the wholethe Becorder's sentance, and Aldendaa BAaar;fromwhy may not a steam fire-engine drive np and,and ahnaat a;cii^lities, would instantly explode the Ottoman posterity, and himself aa honorary membership ke<bre Recorder BASVAan, oa (Mt'4,the more amiable and merciful their constitn- ents will be.The Bepnblican Platform.was in his abeence handed to theMr. HnOHis, (the author of Tom Brown attheUnion,and admitted tliemonlyTreasurer of Maine, who has been betrayed by fw- in deliber- ate defalcation, has made a confession, wiiich wethe of that unquestionably repeal Compro-he was boundhim.compel execute the sentence passed by the Recorder, andinto they resisted the effort to blot it out, but it does not follow that they wouldA sentence in the London news of the pithyMr. on the Sheriff Waiebbubt,dashes offimpetuoaity favor its restoration.daythe official Olympus."of its excluded SlaveryThe Missouri;for the capitalistthe rioters well mightspiterepeal.Compromise regionthese circumstancesTkeant one for the world to read, as acommeDtaiyoa-,easywill terminate remains to be sees.generations, a loan. " Sufficientanif not prostrate the manufacturing Interests oftionof the awiaofc set jallied afcthem more $400,000to see wliat the North has toIt is notgain by restoring a Une which excluded them from a very large portion af the Territory ofto a section which they have succeeded In occupying indig- Slavery to enter the northern section;batthe firstqueryand Slavery can never limitations of the act of 1857," than first to as- be carried into the region lying west andofllieni behave so stand just as well now as they could have done badly.-4s conservators of the public propriety, we under the Missouri Compromlae, with tbe add-northWXW.'Wdetenearly day to make a statement of factors, and then ask them what had made a Free State. The Free States, therefore,ed advantage of being allowed to contest pos- session of the region south of the Compromiseof this Washoeare but others worse,tension of Slavery into new Territoryand forgiven in a measure."and withdrawTi. On several occasions Does the Courier's correspondent meaa that caught Pick wUl be hidden under the bushel of hiaM».doubtful. The great mass of the party hold toconvenient City delivery ought certainly to bearralgawl before the Beoeaaar.ahamnSttdnuvlac a pistol uponHiesAaL HAaaagf^^? ^^-doingandsteadyincreaseofonrtioDs with France, and through Fraaeewilft the Continent, has tally tasked the afinsimply through the increase in the mapand where 494 more are cer-fillea, veaaoTn of all nations now being admitted The Stock Market continues active, and prices bnt in a short time will make whole of Saxony, proposing to console the dis- would unquestionably find a very large vacant peared and movad for a sew trial, od the gvooalthafoil^' of Bwatow and Kiawan, have been ful- of Egypt- The audience was very large. enhancement is for the moment, of conrse, lo-ifey imiisal a^tUlfaer.nn screw steamship Glatgow, Capt. TBOKSOir,yesterday were generally steady. Large transac-Mr. Sibsbt very ju- Prussianeeds diciouslystyleshisguna Unionpacificator."tions in New-York Central at 73^f »felt in the lower as well as in theby tbe general increase in our population, inpossessed heir of Adgcstus with the temporal- space for their reception.the 16th of thathis decision on the motion, annulling the sentencecent. Ex- change I08| sales on London, and 5.16J on Paris. Money rates the same as at the close of last week.upperWards,—rounding to the East quite as much as her"Let him make all haste, and secure his patent.— PttiPABiNG A GospiL OF Peace. The livelymonth.JudgeBnssaLi,rendaradexchanges throughvices have been anticipated. two millions Specie for Government Six Per Cent. which will follow upon tbe completion ofThe United States store-ship Supply arrived at Treasury Bills turn the Bank averages this after- this noble work. Even Mr. Dillon mustTrans-Rhenane neighbor.as would follow upon an Austro-Russian armed intervention in Italy, the Continent would emerge in a shape quite unrecogniza-die BiocUyn Navy-yard on Sunday, having left Bt. noon $1,226,000 against the Specie line, and with be satisfied that " malfeasance"keen performingChurchof1858,) two indictments were found by the Grand Jury against Basxt, wherain PnitapFaat 4a L«u>do on the 25Lh of January. Just be-lotB she left the African Coast, the British steaaierVif€r captured a slaver, with a full cargo of ne-gtoMiWar Congo, and was only prevented fromtwo other vessels similarly loaded the aeiidiig byfailBM of kte rappiy of coal. Within the last fewwaafci, OPT coneapondent states that nearly every raaaat of oar Aliican squadron had revisited th^ iwliaiiiin at Ijoaindo Amang others, the Myttic hmi atafped there, e» route for the States, having aaaaaaMaenftedhrtbignished Captain and first aad aaooHaBttaa of me recently captured slaver (MM."SMHAaqi&Aon]twbeenon the A&i-the short mercantile paper discounted through tbeis hardly the word by which to describe the policy setforth in the Report now presented by theSt. George's-past week, 290,000.raise the Loans and Discounts$2,-blethe diplomatists of Vienna and VeronaWoi.rB was thecomplainant, aa iadlctiaeatSales were made of 2,100 bales Cotton, part intratuitu, at uniform prices. Less activity was ap-Board, since it is indorsed notmerely bytheand nothing would be more likely than that itAdeputation, representingtwothonsantt entered on theand inunadiatelythanearlythe ofby counsel, iriegularityintakingtheour and in business,the influx of strangersofRecorderBASHABp, on the groimd, asargasdproposeless of one mind with the unfortunatelto^S^ri^tofhech.rges^t'^°ll?=r»<'l"-ferredl?! Bmablican joumil ag^°t aTi "n'T:State oAdal, 6ut the liatter wal IMd on^he "k,"'Among the bUls introduced, bnt v,hich standi f" complete rlndieation of the loyalty and hon- a prohibition, ia spite of the opialons of vast mass of the metal, amounts to not less Etats Vnis says that this style of Iwxes was on Sunday beid aa .lamnal ayuu the body of Hikk tie chance ol being acted on during the Dre»Bnihas been carried forward to its present admir- able and promising condition, and also a mostthe abstract right of Congress to enact anohIndian policy. The mere annual loss of silver to the world, by the wear and abrasion of thiadet tionlnasalooa. HeanbaSlwU^^Miaaoa. tried under every advantage. The Courrier SnDDEK Dkath.—Juatfe^ WSma., of Hobokea,orer tbe whole sys- members of the Supreme Court and ;there are than millions of dollars, twentysilverfrom and that those used Liv«A». a GeniMst^wCIKranddsnlv oa FridAf Phihideliiua,disap- broughtYork and Erie Q^&oad to the Atlantic and Great tem of the Park mwingAment Tba Commis- many in its ranks who seem disposed to insist pearing under use, as has been ascertained by at Toronto are much the best used onMsMon, was one to permit the sale ofesty which have presidedsionersshowthattheaetnalI*w«rtheParkuponitsexercise.Butthegeneralconvictioascientificeconomists,fourtimesmorerapidlytheocean.Theyarethreeorfourfeethigh, DaatOfaiAXIlpAaM««(.--TheDemoetali'p|>ii-Untitled Documenta grand conflict,use of the HomespunEuropeandividing GermanyBrigade,dulyap-Artgo. Indeed,has everChronicle is understood to draw its inspirationfrom Paris, and it is extremely probable that the alarm which it has now sounded is meantto evoke a counter-panic in England favorableto the immediate ratification of the newwith France, and likely to act as a tonic upon tbe Anglo-French alliance in and out of the British PaiMaasent.to see a certain flush of speculation follow the public demonstration of the fact on both coasts of thepeople are, perhaps,as the story of silver ore assaying $2,00p to the ton.It is more than probable, however, that these jnimes will prove to be mines for the investerso susceptibletells the result of this final movement oflifeenoughhealth and bis civilization ajjainsl the chances of athai thia may be so formining,asasteadyorganizedindustrytak- ing its place among the regular occupations oftidingsfirstlike their success. made— least we are assured by the Boston Courier, whosebroughtfrom CarsonValleyonly permanentlyengagements,which cadIn this form this industry, as we have oftenset forth, is still in its infancy in America, and demands a rational healthy development. When thereached us, it was mentioned as a noticeablefact in the financial columns of ourthat orestually been smelted in this country, at the Staten Island works, instead of being taken Theto EnglandAs a contribution to the world'sceml>er, 1864ascendant, increase of Sonlh Americanit cannot beSlavery shall, or shall not, find a foothold upon A writer in the Savannah their solLletters;fiopatUtThe LondonMbBafthe flunous Busao-Frencb Alliance, which was lastCknmicle off-setsthe Koith. TheCarolina have resolved to of the Times, with a new diplomatic portent of Juno are to be arrayed inits own. It informs us, of course "on the and the first families' "and that aof mutual support in the name of the rights of princes and the doctrines of legiti-treatymills, and sworn that no blood ofa national pride, when Oiciy ttdt'viTof alliance has beenmacy. BythepolicyoftheCzar,inretiunforaguaran- ginia,hasinventeda""UnionPacificator"treaty,it is theiraccomplishment,thegenins of LobzhzotoFrance, under the auspices of the North 4,^miningtory,thejudiciousdevelopmentofsUver OStoaffindevery poaaibleaeewi^pire.minutes, beneath an indictment forannonncement,which;and since the refuse us the opportunity ofofTbe introdnetiaa af theae boxes isgun, the most remarkable quality of which the in-ventor thus describes :"After the magaxbie haa beea charged, tbe gun, when put In motioc, will dlsshsrge one hondred or five hundred balls Consecutively, giving the soldiflr as opportunity to shelter himself behind any convealent wall or tiee that may be aear by."ceameieU' !»-prise on the Atlanticfigure rather as a compaaiim thaa aa a 1 the FvUoR and the OkTurkey,/ and thereby involving England and experts in its adoption and practice. But there they may sostain flie repntation wUek France anew with their old enemy of are some littie' drawbacks to the efficiency of stanch and well-mana^ steamers hara Ml Sebastopol. In other words, it would this novel weapon, which we fear may have suffered us wholly to ttKt^ Shiadd Qmj d6^portance.good reportreport, has bononb^i: ealia*,diat weof Italy, no power on earth can pre- hind some " convenient wall or tree that may oar British coosias onee mwe to a fieAtrialmean the of the end." "beginningso, it 1bin the present condition and attitude having set the gun in motion, have retired be- enough oneof these days, to (diaBftt(e ena^.Austria, wedged in as she is between the Alps and the Adriatic, and the Italian States of the North and thebe from the near," withdrawingmanagementakjll,myth.aad that>-bent onforeigner from sea to sea. The interventiaa of Russia in such a quarrel would be infinitelywater on the? Ormemory,is a of society, or the lives of citizens ; for it is notfavorite dream 'with other Powers beside to be supposed that Yankees, or even negroes, tentiary. He was taken to the Ci^'The remodeling of the EuropeanFrance ; and Prussia, who came out of the win persist in standing where six balls have was not transferred to the Pemtestiary!seven war the richer forSilesia,andalready struck,November)term was hddby;rupted by the authorities of the British Em- for assanlt and battery being .Ike first ,From such a chaosinfirst degree, WoLn being complainant in both in- sian frontiers unpleasantly hear to the Danube ond memorial of protest against tbe perfor- stances, alleging that Bakst not only asaaidaaCRugby,) that on theqalcksilver,whtetbeMtenitailRepublican makes will, dosbUesa, ahockICarolinahomespim,and theadopt theordered a new uniform from the Columbia moat unfortunatetriasigned between those Powers on the principle hereafter stain, on the battle-field, the fabrics theCunarders to their mettle, and prmahSdangfatersbeingto chianide tbe retara tottoJiaiaaC'' competition of tfaoaeiCollins ^ips, intheirs shallplea, and popular ritual which has for some time since it appeared that on tbe same day, (Hay tl,in thein-the-£ast, in London, has at last been inter-say the papers,vailed in the Church of St George's-in-the-East. Thereweresome60policemenpresent,whowereranged along thepassagesso thatthey could have pounced upon any one in an tune the midst of a career of the mostProbablythere has beennothing;correspondent, with unconscious humor, predictaThere werethe greatest quietness pre-take the Alderman to How the Penitentiary.it;possibly only "time must have a decided effect upon persons have been caught in the act of robbing lederates? .^^___^^,^.^_^^^ — ' "=* the equilibrium of universal commerce. these boxes. It seems very strange that theThe Indian drain of which has Post-office authorities should have adopted ^ew•Je«e7. ,„ ^^—silver, ThbeateningLira. OnSunday,JamBanvgraduallyabsorbedinto thatPeninsniaasum boxes,andincurredtheexpenseofdlstributr wasrequiredbyRecorderBSABieaa,ofJaasyCttf,^vrithletter. When the Dd ftftayadfdail' '"'reaCbed,^^or beaii down,themomenttheOdis'say Uad. irteptowaida'thiBeatridlatanentof aempireseas. The Airi^^eMens aasanlt and plaadad battery,")fAyto da»-fenced thefrom theThe District-Attorney, Hr. Bluht, was not to beHe specified among other things writ of error. This appeal was argued a few dayaseven had been broken by the rioters.panes of glassUpon which tbe Secretary's right-hand man, the writ, on the ground that Jndge BoasBLl.'B Mr. Clivi, M. P., wished to be informed order was not reviewable, admitting that it waaevenfrom BnssiLL's decision to the Supreme Court, by— APeckorTroubles. Mr.Peck,theStatepubUsh to-day.storyhe tells is not aphiaafewBat-catcher'sDaughter" virtuoussoul hotveryent."was notandlastverses. Intheevening thegreatesti www.fultonhistory.com 