 Tbe Fifth regiment, Jefferson Guard, Colonel C&ristiaa B-oudwey aquad, under the command of Serfeent Crop- sjehwvwwaetoer, entered next In succession. This regiSRCOND RRGIKRNT. 1 1 Jtoss. Tl**wwArwlaUs..rtbnrcr«lta.£York wrtnessed so large s crowd, sad g hered together*sy It was by the** men the Prince was literally rec«ve>1 c»- landing In phystq-s, P*rh*ps, l t > e r t lt • * garrison ruty at Fort Wood, on Bedloe's Island, It was not, al would fall taanltoly s h o t of tbs kept taking up positions in the rear of the first cosasrs, payed en the breast; white shoulder knot. • } £ TM They are armed with mtstkets of the a m y or Mtoto great reality fact, lt si oot hasardlng too much tossy from behind whom It was almost impossible tor them ta blue, Tbe cap* ware of IbeStoto regulation St) k, wttM patent; caps of the French tomntry i»utorn--plssb bodies that never has the young Prince gazed on such a succeed, under tbs most favorable circumstanoss, aaforce, civil or military, tupsri* to them, and,OKUILIT, 1. the mannerdue*«d th*mt«Hwe yeateriay be an indication of their moral worth, tbey can bear coniparttoo with any p'lto* fort* Ui the world—not evtc .Teeming toe famous po-l;ce of Ixo 'on of Albert Elws'd.s Shortly tilt* th» d-appear"**n.mber 01 sailor, of tie Harriet Lane were are* toltuvethe rooo. in • t « h the young Prtac* was donning hi* •at. bard matter to recognise them. But a short time sinceJ P ^ M d 0ut long after the Prince himself reappeared, the regiment was disbanded, and hare they stood wits) t a fau un.f."»> o' Colonel o f *•»• " " ^ ( 0 w l * , , U , l > nearly four hundred men. They were chosen as the,eg men -leaflet coat, with blue facing., trimmed with J t / l l , blaClf tn,wiers, with gold *trtp*dowo the outer irate*, cocked hat, with white pinnae* of ostrich ftatiur*, crtmao* and blue ribbon, with , u r of tbe Hanoverian Gielphic Order. In thla in.frrm cf a soldier, he was, ** s soldier,en.-' cni by Mayor Wxx), fallowed by bis suite, to the of the Garde* facing on the Battery, •** t n m "*•" i,.ot*d b> Major Wool to a brother soldier, Major Gent- ry Kaaii rd. commander of the First Divieioo New Yosk Stat* h i l t * . $uca (A th* Prince* suit* aa were entitledespecial guard at Castle Garden, and well do they deservethe honor crnferrod by that selection, for no other corpshas progressed in tilts manner during the past year.Col. Butterfield is ut tiring in his efforts, and if this pa-rse* be taken as s specimen, we think they have beenrepaid amply. The regimen t at this time were only S*oompanied by their drum corp*. tttetr band having pfo dark blue cloth, and trappings of blsok and yelloweyes Now and |hen, as s solitary Individual passed along on* branches,**£ tbe motley current of humanity wbisk the open streei, which, as far as Cortlandl street, was flows and ebbs through this great city. Tne City Hall it-self wss regularly besieged, Mt It held out suoceasfuttg tbe 'Prince," tne "Duke," or the "Doctor," ste , to , as for a long time. At last there cams s crush of crinottos,<-n the grexindG<.ard, Coonel George W H. Tompkins. Ths is in reality anowc.mman.i, for the old Second haa been, by dis- charge*, tranifern, &c .completely stripped of its icentlty. Coiocel TompkJis, who bah recently assumed me com- mand, certainty deeervea much credit fo- the admirableThird-.We have now to look casually at the Fourth regimnnt, artillery, Colon*I Edward Hiuckeo, and we have flaished the Fttft Dtvibkm New York Stale Militia This regiment was iasoected at the Arsenal In the morning, before pro- ceeding to tbe Diltory, and had 260 men present, wit'iiv ; • s -i•••'."came the8econdregiment,loudest pHudiU from tbe outaide speewtors, Tbey were prrceded by tbe Washington Gray Troop, Captain Varian, with about afty horses We did not inland to have men- tioned smgle companies, but to paastog down the line attorn-Jon wai called to Company D, CeptUn B. D. Law-rence, and we must note the Tecf Thla la the company from which the incendiary oard, sigaed as coming from the Eighth regiment, was all-gel to have emanated,as the repute Buthor was a meaner. To ahow their feeling on tbe subj^t, we havt>ouly to state that they have prompt- ly eipeUel the author of that card, and paraded upwards of ftfty men on this ©ecssioa. Tbe Eighth numbered nboot ST» men. Tney were aocompaaied by their r c f m e e t e J band and a drum corps of s>r<inteen.The Heventh refiment, Waahlogtm BJfles, CoL Boat- wirk, were the teat applicants for admission, and their •ppearance, in tbe dark blue and green sntforas, wasepeodid. Tbe dress firm 1U ooWnr give* the Idea of solidity, and with their sa-erd bayonets gleaming in thebut Rwouli be advisable for th»m t > take a lino position in the Eighth regiment, we should think.TUi. ARRIVAL AMD MI LIT AST BJCBPTION. About two o'clock a gun from one of the forts an- nounced the approach of the Harriet Lane with the Princeon board, and in a ffw moment* she came in sight.VanCort. Chaplain, John B Howard.Assistant Surgeon, M. Blumenthall. Engineer, Captain *VB Palmer. Quartermaster, Captain A HlrscblSECOND BRIGADE, NEW YORK STATE MIL! Brigadier General Charles Yates CommaadU|r/'naiOADrs* STAFF 2:Quartermaster, Lieut D. B. Heeler, Jr.Engineer, Capt. W. W Wal- Assktant Surgeon, Lieut. ton.J. Allien, Jr.FIFTY FIFTH REGIMENT—GARDE LAFAYETTE.U which tony °°*-expectcw that they would parade very full, hat they didremarkably well. They had nine engineers, eighteendrums, band of thirty s i t pieces and eight companies ofthirty six men. Their appearance was solid and effect cross belts and cartridge boxes of tbe Unitedto wtar uniforms did so, and made a tplendM ahow.en pr«»«-utmg the Princa to Gtserai Sandfcrd, Mayor shapethan ever before. They numbered two hun- Wtvd «flared a lew brief rtmerks, to which theGeneral dred and flfty men all totd Their uniform, which 1*Vlele. ker. "NINTH BMIStRNT—SEA COAST ARTILLERY.This regiment is uniformed In dark blue ololb pvits andcoats, ekgsnUy faced with scarlet cloth and trimmedwithhold lace; caps of bloecloth bodies, with appropriate serosa the streei, with tbe following inscription:— gi t metal frontispiece thereon; pompon.of scarlet worsteddrill* . i tCvirpeTb» E.ghib regiment, Washington Grays, Solonel Georgebly bow back in numbers, or it would soon equal the with the long cavalry sabre, and each man. had two im Adjutant.Surgeon,Capt E. W. Fiahsr. while a large American flag fl>ated from Uie by tbe assembled multitude until the moment the Prinos'S a t e5 Tbey rode in review In sections of fifteen sad tbfi JfoLPa> master, Lt. H L King, Erg'r, Capt. fl. L. Stevens. Qu'rcflaster, LL A. HenriquesRIOUTH RKGIMRNT—WA8HTNOTON GKAYS.This regiment is uniformed the kame as the Seventh, in every window. Green & Baker's, No. 17T, was dasj- troops, several voices called out for a speech. Mayorappearance on this parade, both as to dier.lpllne and sum-bera. Ihe regiment mustered upwards of 460 men, welluniformed and tolerably instructed. Afir this winter's who were detail*d to Ore the salute at tae BUtery. They course cf Instruction they wlU rank with our very firstrated with two American flags, and, lowor down, Goodeve, Ajkelft ElIiot hoisted the Union Jack, In honor oftneoccazicn, while blgh above ail was a red flag, witlthe device cf a castle in the centre. Still lo wer do vn, at cuse them. ToePrinseat once smilingly replied, *« Ex-Eighth regiment in this city, and if oomptted of thenneat class of young men la the oity of Brooklyn. Col.Smith bas tbe honor or being the Senior Colonel in theStale, and we cannot see that he la at all rusty yet. The suite took their positions In the carriages provided, and Thirteenth bad six companies, with about 110 muifce'a. passed out of tits Battery, followed by the troops injet, but which | bad been for the purpose of rfpair.probablyremovedThe Twenty-eighth regiment, National Guard, of Brook-lyn, Colonel Michael Bennett, was tbe third la Itan of theFifth brigade. This regiment was laat year male a videregiment, and la uniformed and equipped the same aa the by the troops of the First Division. The royal party then Eleventh regiment, mentioned above Their appearanceyesterday was excellent, and formed a splendid addition marched past in the following order :—to me whole column. Tney numbered 230 rill is, In sevencompaniea.ColonelBennettlaoneofthehardestworkiac CommandingFirstDivisionNewYorkStatetroops. offioers in the State of New York, and aa his district has Division STirr.a targe German population, no doubt a year or t so will Division Engineer, tt. W. Aid, Henry Tomes,« |? Colonel Daniel B-iU-rnVM, commu)dfog. ': hJH.UHX.VrAL fcTAFF. St Adjutant, Lieut H A Bost Engineer, CaptainT. H |And him in command of 500 men or mora. Ha will have the good wishes and kind regards of sdl his brother offl- oera and soldiers.The Seventieth regiment, artillery and cavalry, Colonel Samuel Graham, brought np the left of thi Fifth brigvie They had about 350 present, in seven companies, Are of cava'ry and two of artillery. One compiay, F. wan not on parade. Tais is on* of the regi- ment* on which much dependence could be nivie should necessity require actual service, at they are nearly all gunners, and could, of course, he used aa a regiment or detailed as chiefs of squads In matatB? any reasonable number of guns. Colonel GrahamIs a practical officer, and it may he truly said h<» had a practicable regiment.This cloned the Drooklra delegation, and oar city troops again commenced to enter the Battery.Divtaion Judge Advocate, a l). Read.'Diviolou Paymaster, E. A. Bibby.AM, Charles W. Darling.bonnets, kilts, polka jackets, &c—sitmiiliar to those worn by'tbe Seventy ninth regiment of British troops. Tbey marched in column by companies, fourteen file* front, vis:—thaeyeaof the aistuibled multitude. Of the dress and Kir by.meet hating but just returned from a tour of six dayswith throe rows of Stole reaction button* tssto^JM* aaatloslsr which are toe letters N.G. tol^-**TM"-*-*^^*:received with the fullest honors, raflltss, colors dropping, aunltgbt, tbe view wis oae to appal an enemy or renew arms presented, and band playing. Almost ismediateiypatent leather; long scarlet pompon, chin] strap Wt' gilt J; Pioneer corps—eight men.j Drum corp*—eight ment. Regimental baod—twenty-two pieces.BSGIVJDrEAL STAFF.Colonel Lit Gal, commanding. Company A, Captain J. S. Phunmulier. Company G, Oaptai a Charles Marcier.Company D, Captain Honor e GouiSt. Company E. Oaptain Lewis Tbourot Company F, Oaptain Line Lefebre. Company H, Captain John D. Tbuick.FOURTH BRIGADE, NEW YORK 8TATE MILITIA. Brigadier General John Ewen, commanding.with Am rican, British, and other flag*.At tbe Bowling Green, juit In the centre of the block ofhere that Gen Bruce expressed to Msj Gen. Sandford bis surprise at tbe aoidieriy and birhly disciplined bear- ing of the troops generally, but particularly noticing theire, and equal to either of the other regiment* of Ins same Bombers.The Twelfth regiment, Independence Guard, Colossiistion p+ttors, iientotoons of light army blue white ssjrlpe down the sides.Col. Q. W. a Tompkins, commandtof. Drum Corps—eight drummers. Hartmeyer'sHand-thirty »«}«•*»•Six battalion companies—twelve files PTKST 'KWUMRNT ( C A V A L R Y ) . This regiment te uniformed in dark bluewith yottow trimmings; caps of tbe Stateblue cloth bodies, tipped with patent'of the regulation pattern, sad dark horsshstr jpUmes pants of army bine, with yellow cord; equlpm*nl|et»i1r, enamelled leather; arms, the long wgulatton labba and a brace of horse pistols tot each trooper; saddle cjoths ofvery nest and snbslsntlsl, snd tbe horse equlptMSaU of s Mi not accustomed to meet »uch plaudit* as greeted herTbsynisjcjiedtocoltimiMtbypUtcoM t s ^ y file* front, bard fisted me*hADlc or laborer to the waving handker- continued to assemble. Them wee, of course, more thannestelButterHeld,worethenextwesaw,andttwa*a1&tbefollowingorder-Engineer Corps—twenty-two man.Thrum Corps—eighteen men. Regimental Band—forty pieces. Colonel llsjsbjdl Lefferts, commanding.Lieutenant Colonel E M. Crawford; M*jor Wm A. Pond. Company H-Oaptaln H. C S b u m w a y ^ Company F—Captain Benjamin M NevstR.Company B—CSptaln Alexander Whaler. Company G—Captain John Monroe. Company E—Csptoln Wm A. 8paigbt.Company A—Csptoln Wm. P. Bensel. Company D—Captain W. H Rtblett. Company C—Captain James Price. KEOIRKfTaL STAFF.chiefs, heM Id fair bands which have n a m held say- thingheavierthantheaforesaid handkerchiefs, to mot, tbe progress offAlbert Edward op Broadway was one con- tinued ovation..A good naturtd crowd It was, too; ready with hesrtyjokes, msktng ton.of tbe objects which pfssed before tbolrtbs usual gathering of tbs Itinerant venders of fruit andcandy;ofmenygssrUesofyotagmen,whoseamusa- Baent wss in jostling throurh the dense throngs srhoat bowed and wedged their way tbroagb the streets, of boys whose glory and ambition tt was to climb the higasst treceand seek points of observation frem the BBBBt paricetded to Amboy on the Harriet Las*.By thai time we have reached the Sixth regiment,Governor's Guard, Col Joseph C. Piaokney. They at in good numbers and looking In bettorAdjutant, J. H Liebenau. Surgeon, Csptoln I. W. honor of tbe wayfarer, all of which was taken to good tbe (sir ladles who were the victors In tbe fight. There Pkymatter, Captain Aaron- Iheosman. were no decorati wa observable about the huilUng OaKemp. , __ Assistant Surgeon, Lt. E. part. either wing wore raised tbs American and Britiah flags;Quarter master, Lieut L W. it. Cameron. Tbe decorations onthe route ware rather chaste ta tbe centre tbe city standard. Bit from every p-tvat* Winchester Chaplain G W. Bralncrd.Engineer. Csptoln E. L Ordnance officer, J, A. Ba- than Butoerona, At tbe City H*U there waved aad public building ta vtow the broad flag of Americavery plain, blue trimmed with red, I* not so striking In appearance as some of the others, hut it I* one that will stand service, and U therefore a gcod one Colonel PioefcMy hss reason to be prottd of his oommanl, and ess, ws think, show as good a front, if needed, as some who parade more for Bhow. It Is a regiment for work, not display.tern Colonel Voabarg having been quite eertoaaly lnj*reita the morning a* be was about to mount, flia home becomirg fraction*, be alt< mated to quiet him, and in thetff,>r« tne horae ki:*ed bim on the thigh. The regimsntpexeUfd about 350 meo, la seven companies, and were»f©omr»n*d by Dodworth's band, of thirty five pieces,an,< fuii drum ourpe The band wore their new scarletdrtwe, w.th the addition of a blue scarf. Although notta u' full cumbers as we have seen them, the imerlcan we have seen It is neat and plain, and perfect in its They were eiuipp?d with fancy black belta, froai wjbi-b Guard fuiiy sustained taetr reputation Or beauty and details. Thla regiment, being without a colonel, is proba- were suspended neat cartridge boxes. They word s||hed <a British euslgsl over tbe western wing On tbe east nd tbe ensign of England mingled their folds ta tbsbreeze, as If jotstog In tbe harmony which pervaded ths action of tbe parffmg crowds beneath. It v as near four o'clock when tbe music of the banls was heard coming up tbs lower part of Broadway. In aa instant these sounds of mosie were tost Is tbe noise and uproar of tbs rush of people which ensued, snd a Hhing wss to be heard for minutes but tbe noise of hurry iog feet near and the roar of raises ta the distance. It was exactly four mi- nutes past four when the bead of tbe cortege wheeled into tbe Park—tbe advance escort of the Washingtonmade suitable remarks, and invited the Prince to review t t I tt Duisloo of the New York State Militia, toiu.cn the Prtrce aaeeutcd.THE MILITARY DISPLAY.fcborliy after eleveno'clock the Seventy nrat regiment, American Guard, came upon the ground. They wereuader rxn-and < f Captain Aaa F. Miller, the senior cap ttku twere the stars and stripes, while towering aloft in ths centre the flag of the city fluttered to the breeze.Paymaster, The Third regiment, Hosesra, Colonel S. Brooke Portley, Peck.J.W.This is decidedly toe most beautiful artillery uniform in this country. They are srmed, when doing duty, as in- fantry, with the now army pattern, or Mlnle musket. They inarched in companies, twelve files front, in the fol- lowing order:—Dodworth's Band—twenty pieces. Drum Corpe—eight pieces,Col. Michael Van Buren commanding.^"~^ij.O0MB TO TBS SOB OF SKOLAMr'S KontSBI FATSOS OF AflBJCULTCKS.Agrtcultnre is tbe most healthy, the most useful, and the most noble employ ment of man.* WASHISOTOS. % At Power's (late Earte's) Hotel, a largo Amsrifourteen six pounders and calssojsAthwhed lo this regiment is the Veteran Corps of lfTfl,bad 20 men and three twenty four p >uu lor aoritz?ra.By the way, we have neg'eoted the National Grays, the nucleus of the Taenly third regiment, Brevet O.iiouoi Riy-The 1'riiiC- stood upon tbe dais or platform while the Froin No. 30, tbe office of the Greenwood troops marched pset, and sainted in return each com- Cemetery, despite the lugubrious nature of the mnodiLg officer, although it was intimated to him by establishment, s line of flags w « strung Major General 8andford, through General Bruce, that it acroea the street ta tbe Stevens House, the general re- was only expected of lum to salute the regimental stand- tort ff EDgiishmen The flags consisted of the American ards. The Prince paid no attention to tha suggestion, and British ecsiges, tbe Hibernian flag, and other nauon and, greatly* to the pleasure of those acquainted alfymfoiS. In the balcony of the hotel a number or with what bad transpired, be continued his sa- miniature flags were aisplayed—the American and the lutations to tbe officers to the end. But before tbsLyons, were tbe neit npon the Battery, and drew the nor,wlth 40 men and % band of IT. Taey appearal very well; Adjutant, Lieutenant Jas Kahn; Surgeon, Capp.hnant. 'British flag cr<**icg. A large British ensign on the sum- mit of theijbullfftng surmounted tbe whole.making tt one of the best standing reviews the division evermsce. At the close of the review the Prinos andKXGiUBATlL BtAtT (All mounted.)regular order, en route for the City Hill.MARCHING SALCTR IN FRONT OF THK CITY HALL.The military column reached the east gate of the Park precisely at five minutes past four o'clock P. M. First came a squadron of the Washington Grey troop, Capt. J at. Varian, riding in company front of sixteen files; then followed the carriage containing the Prince, bis Honor Mayor Wood, the Duke of Newcastle, and Lord Lyons. British Minister; next the carriage containing Goners' Bruce, in fall uniform, with Col. Teasdsl* snd Capt,Paymaster, Lieut. Charles lugStelnway. Chaplain, C C Etoy lj.1t leather. Tbey word on this occasion their new patent and clear, under the management of Mr. Ayliffe, tbeNEWYORK HERALD, FRIDAjf. OCTOBERJ^lgoU^RIPLB SHEET.nests of the men have black wide ckrtb stripes down i sof tbs proesBBioa making Its appearance: bat notwtth- This regiment Is uniformed to onAbto* W l W j which are tbe cartridge boxes, rsflmsRtol P*****0" f„r si cb a purpose. Talk of seas of heads, se any figure, standlng lhl*,tbe crowd* still kept pouring is, and stULieut.were c u t to appear. They mustered upwards of four Cbs.iiatn, Augustus Toet- Adjutant, Lieut. Wfhundred men and horses. This is the largest cavalry regiment In this State, and we believe in the Union, and though their dress is rather fanciful, they make a good appearancs.burgh]Neabitt. THIRD RB0IMKNT (HUSSARS).The dmere*t brigades were now formed, the First Inspector, Maj. a M Afford. Engineer, Major H. ?. Hub frosting Castle Garden, and Second next In rear, and so Judge Advocate Major C. A. bed.vtltPaymaster, Liest. M H.whele of the troops had marched past, it becoming evi-dent that the vast multitude* lining tbe whole of Bread-Surgeon,' Major MottThe Twelfth regiment moved from in sir posit! m Inbrigade line, and dividing by wings, took both aides of thegate entrance to the Garden, faced inward, and armsordered. General Bandford and staff, and the other ocat, with one row of State regulationMmL'mAs a matter of course, the British Consulate, at No IT, way from tbs City Hall to Fifth i f chtie Would aw de- was bands' mt-ly decorated, the British Union Jack being prived by tbe lateness of' the evening of the gratifioaUoa coanpir-uouB. But . the best part of the decora- of advantageously seeing tbe Prince, tt was determined to make as hasty a move as possible, and one of the regi-to the Fifth, which ws* formed to the left and rear of the FourthArthur.Pay master, Capt. J. H Herj -; J. Quartermaster, Cap? C. MLofficers who were on the field as visiting guests, war* drawn up facing the entrance.scarlet facings snd trimmings; trowsersmixed blue gray cloth, with a weltlet cloth on the outer seam; cap, as prescrlisdThey marched: to column by companies, nine files front, trance scented to smile with a grim sort of satisfaction. tion of tbe greetlngsjof tbe people, end louder grew th*In a few momenta the Prince made his appearance,dressed In the uniform of a Colonel of the line. Ho was general regulations—blue bodies, with black ens felledin the following order:—Next door, Ihe ageniy of the Liverpool, New York and cheers snd more numerous tbe waving of bindkerchiess Philadelphia Ship Company, was nandsomsly dressed until he had passed bom view. It may be remarkedthe wai >Lg coursge of a friend. The regiment pa* radedSOOmen, liclu-lmg thti- band and drum corps. This baa become tbe second regimen t,.in poiot of num-TBX UK VIEW.ly MO men. Tbe Colonel • surrounded by an able & Id In the ravtew, In addition to his o wn suite, the Prinos In the following order :—bers, In our whole militia, havlng-recently inspected near*They marched in company fronts of sixteen,sndble, significant of the Dutch origin of that psrt of the city, Tbe apex, as was meet, was dretsed with a British and an American ensign, one on each side, while the flags of all nations flattered be- neath on either side, ji Immense crowds were gathered to- gether at this point, even as early as between ten snd eleven o'clock. The Washington Hotel was filled to c ver-lormed to line as fine a body of soldiers as be had everTHE ROYAL RIDE UP RR0ADWAY.In accordance with tbe programme, as soon as the re- view In tbe Park was completed, tbe carriages wore re- i timed In tbs same order In which they arrived, sad tonPrince, suite and followers proceeded along tbe Haas on bis way to the Fifth Avenue Hotel. These extended from Reade street to Wsvertoy place; snd as th* cortege moved slowly along, th* various corps presented arms, the bands played and the people cheered.To convey aa ides of tbe crowd, which, next to ths Prince, wss the great curiosity of the day, is impossible. It wss bugs, immense, enormous, exaggerated, stupendous, Infinite aad taieflnit* It was a multitude oontless ss tbe leave* of tbe forest—on* of these crushes which are perfectly bewiltartar to tha senees Below, s stratum of humanity wss ss wedged in and macadamised together that to move one individual waa to stir tbe whole mass; while above, every window sill was a rough frame, within which tbe faces ot beauti- ful women and smiling children made up aa attractive picture. Every opening, every atory, every roof was s parapet, from - which constantly played a battery of bright eyes Every availab.e place wa* occupied, and whs re circumstance* nato- ral!y tailed to provide accommodation*, ingenuity brought It to requisition boxes, beaches, chairs, tables, and any other appliance that would effect the desired ob-ject As an illustration of the extent to which this spe- cies of invention was carried, we saw standing on th* narrow ledge of the first story of a bouse, a place not much wider than the heel of one's boot, two young men, who maintained their pce-.tion by means of a rope passed around their bodies, and theooe Inside the building through the window* on either side.Those who could not enjoy the privilege* of s window were content to take to the street, and tbe quantity of well dressed ladles and children, mixed in with the not over fragrant crowd of unsecured publicans snd sinners, was painfully amazing to behold. Once to It wss almost impossible to get out, and the poor females were compelled to endure the painsof purgatory to gratify the curiosity tbey couldn't help. Even the aide streets were made available, and vehicles of various kinds were pressed tnto servloe aad speedily crowned w ith an array of human beings To the boys tbe lamp posts and iron railings were a god send, sad though cow aad than by looking up, tbe spectator might see tatter* 1 Integuments-fluttering in the breex* from point* of tbe human corpjrosity that were never made Under by too much whipping, little atteatioa was paid to these freaks of nature and accident Oa th* whfic tie crowd was altogether unobjectionable, except to Its IndivWal components. Occasionally there mightbe beard considerable promiscuous swearing, or when the policemen rammed their batons tnto men's stomachs who could not move an Inch ta any direc- tion to save their lives, there would be saand sua, and should have his cotpa at least only second la cfi Ui aa well aa numbers.was accompanied by Major General Sandford, of the First Division: «ieoerals Sherman and Spoflbrd, of the Governor's staff; Major General Duryea, or the SecondEngineer corps, eight men. Drum corps, eighteen drums. Filth regiment band, thirty piecesThe Futh Brigs|ie, Gtn. Philip 3 CroDke, were the nextto arrive. This brigade la composed of four regiment* Division; General Hamilton, of the Sixth brigade, sodthe stalls of each, making a staff of nearly fifty officers.One oosnpany, Captain Sprague, were in fatigue uniform, owing, we bear, to tbe Inability of the tailors to complete their full dresa in time for this parade, being driven with work for the grand ball. The company la hut new in the Thirteenth, bat w under an officer who will soon bring them up.The Fourteenth regiment. National Blues, CoU Alfred M. Wood, waa the second in line In the fifth brigade. This regUcent have been In their present uniform bat aboat a year, and are deserving of much credit for the a .'miraMe display (hey made. They had six conpaaics, with one hundred and forty muskets, a drum corps of lea,and eight engineers Stewart's band accompanied them, and were noticed particularly for their splendid music The uniform of the Fourteenth is a splendid one, blue, with light yellow ftlmaiings.Col Christian Schwarzwaelder, conmantllDf.f Li«l. Col E M. DoJge. Major Lewis B^rgs^r (All mounted on richly capvtsoned horses fjmCompany A, Captain Gardes. Company B, Captain Heldman. Company C, Captain Betzrnan. Company D, Captain Marnier.Company E, Captain Nichols. Company F, Captain Happenheimer. Company G, Captain Hioglaxe. Company H, Captain Rirlach.BSIGADX STAFF.Inspector, Ma] R Taylor. Aid, Capt. J. B. Stearns.Judge Advocate, Maj. fl R. Surgeon, Maj. fl. R Wjod- Cbmanlngs hull.located in Brocklyn and WiBtamiburg.On tbe right of the bng-ede was the Thirteenth regi-The review was made by brigades numerically In suc- cession, snd, as they were formed on different lines, It one of tbe handsomest commands In the whole gave the reviewing officer the finest opportunity to see lice. It la uniformed nearly the. same as tbe our troops, or rather our volunteers. The compliments were well paid, snd every point closely attended to,flowing. The trees IS tbs neighborhood bore a luxuriant Quartermaster, Capt. H S. Paymaater, Capt. J. D. crop of human Iruit, while one enthusiastic Individualment, National Grays, Colonel Abel Smith. Thla washe rode te the right of the First brigade, preparatory to the review.'vbuiidicgt, there was an arrangement of flags form-tog a representation of a high peaked ga- Twelfth and Seventh regiments. Tbe latter, be said,Grey, and others fallowed in the succeeding carri- bai a very rich, shawy appearance, and is very attraejf |e,lumn by companies, sixteen files front, in the following order:—Engineer Corps—ten men.Dram Corps—ten men. Whitwortb's band—twenty six pieces.Colonel Homer Bust wick.lieutenant Colonel J W Bendix, Major E Ferrero.Company A, Captain Ernest Simon. Company C, Oaptain William Wlnoburger. Company F, Captain Henry Lux. Company K, Captain Henry Klein. Company E, Captain Peter Ruth. Company G, Captain John Kobin.Company H, Captain Conrad Py. - And two other companies not enumerated.KSXirjUCrTAL STAFF.Adjutant, Lt. George A Ray- Engineer, Capt. J. E Serrell.ages, as also the members of the New York Common Council. A portion of tbe Washington Grey troop snd the National Guard troop formed a body guard to the royal party, and rode on either aide of the carriages. After the Prince and the Mayor alighted from their carriage in front of the City Hall, after a short de tenHon, the carriages were driven from the parade ground, preparatory to tbe marching salute to bis Royal BighueesMajor General Charlti* W. Sandford,They marched ij company fronts of sixteen files « hascended the oarnetod platform, after waiia the troop*mer v bert.Quartermaster, Lt M. J. Assistant Surgeon, Lt. E.Allen. Parmly. Tbe field and staff officers were mounted.crowd; but it was f Ifected with but little annoyance to either the people or the police. The cheers all along, but particularly here, wire overpowering, and tie waving ofMorell,Division Surgeon, Lewis A.Sayer.Division Iuspector, K.bertC. Wetmore.The General and hischargers, and uniformed In suits of navy blae broad- cloth, richly trimmed with gold bullion and lace; they wore tbe new regulation or French military chapesu, de- corates with heavy ornamental gold trimmings. The horse equipments ware of the most complete description; the saddle cloth* were of dar k blue, rlchl/ trimmed around tha edge* with deep gold laoe.General Sandford took his position near the royal par- ty, and his staff, with tht mounted esoort, took position opposite the reviewers.General Sherman, the Inspector General or the State of New York, rode with the Major General's staffFIRSr BRIGADE, NEW YORK STATE MILITIA. Brigadier Chai lea B ^picer,commanding the Brig*de. BKIOADI STAFFPrince, with h\* cjttrge, enured the City Hall Park from Park row.THXjjRrSH FOR FLAGSwas tremendous. TO give an idea of the call for flags, it Is only necessary to state that Messrs. Annin &; Co., of S9 Fulton street, the gfeat flag manufacturers, hare been employing between forty and fifty girls, who have been kept bat d at work for the last two weeks. On Wednesday n*gUt sixteen young ladies were kept in active "employ- ment all night by this firm, making up the magnifleent flag, thirty by twenty feel in Size, which was displayedin front of Ball, Blaci & Co. 's store.SCENES AND fNCIDENTS IN THE PARK.To say that this civic, if not classic, ground presented a scene in character with tbe ocjaaion would be almost to detract from what is Ite due in connection with tieBy the .miiense cheering and enthusiasm a blind manwould be able to kuow that tbe Seventh were approachtug the gates. "There they come,"-'See them," '-Aih'tthat bice, were the enpressiocs on all sides; and to a Inspector, M.j C H "mith. Brig. Bog , Maj J. 8. Law- Surgeon—Capt J. Brrghaus.ty eighth regiment, Colonel M. Bennett; Seventieth re- pageant of yesterday. But boldly may it be assertedstranger it would stem that, although upwards of 2,000 Ju1g« Advocate, M*j M. lenoe.F0CRTH REGIMRNT—FIELD ARTILLERY.This regiment Is uniformed in dark blue frock cot i* conduct the rowal party to their hotel. Accordingly afjanjsssterf men were already c* the Battery, nobody bad-arrived, in Paymaster,Mayor4hoiight lt expedient to order the carriages and on tho pags'which re|ords the dally events of life howsome quick tamper would strike out fron. tb« shoulder and be quietly removed from the scene of action by gen- tlemen in blue coats, b u , with these exceptions, every- thing was harmonious, melodious and good.Capt.EdgarSurg^n, Maj D. W. Wain- v« r i g h t .ever truly it may bfe said they are ever foremost In trimmed with acarkt oloth; cap'of dark bluo cloth, bo V ,portion of the Seventieth regiment, that was passing at recognizing, with feeiiugs and sympathies peculiar toStaff were mounted on elegantDr um corps—fourteen drums Highland pipers—live men. Robertson's band—twenty-five piece!. Colonel Thomas W. McLean. Lieutenant Oolonel S M. Elliott. Company A, Captain Wm Manson. Company B, Oaptain John McGuffbg, Company C, Captain Thomas Barclay, Comptny D, Captain William Bruce. Company E, Captain Robert T. Donaldson.black>namelkd leather tops, frontispiece aa M W » and patent leather tops, wblta worsted long po^P0". crowd as that faiob greeted his vision while pissing sp oatchlng a glimpse of tbs Prltoe when he shonld arrive,Broadway y y afternoon. Even his r?ysl mother, and only cTOO chance gleams of tbs glittortog a m y oflion, pompon of white worsted, n^ulpmen^^whito frontispiece of gilt metal, with the figure T conspicuouslydisplsyed. The uniforms of tbe field and staff offloeri srs on such atoto occasions as tbs opening ot Parliament,leather.The regiment march In company fronts of flies, twenty-eight men front.Regimental mounted band. Lieut. CU. I. 0. Dovio, cjmnianior.Troop A, Capt Andrew Leary. Troop B, Capt. John F. Barkles. Troop C, Capt W. E Duiog Troop D, Capt D C Mmtott. Trtop E, Lieut. W. Wallask. T»orp G Capt. Henry Stuck*,mTroop H, Capt. A. P. Greene. Trtop I, Capt. Cb»rl» P Hawktos.Troop K, Capt. George HenJten, Jr., I KKilMK.NTAl. STAFF.cheers and tbs sdcntlomsd "f gsr" wouJd be proposed toand BOOBthe windows sad the balconies ware tided withThis regiment w uniformed in dark blue Husssfeta, heaytly trimmed with gold and yellow worsfe*dii">rdcan flag and a smaller British ensign were flut- Grays. Immediately after followed tie baroo he ta whohing side by side, Bnrnum'a Museum made a grand lbs Prince rode, who descended, smid the cheersproved horee pistole In his bolsters. ,ttmrxtt of the bunding. No. 160 Broadway took bis departure. During the short Interval whichlowing order:—Mounted ban!Colonel a Brooks P^stloy, commanding. |Lieutenant Co'ocd Wm Mecck. Mspr W. W. ' Tsoop A, Caotain J. H Budks.Troop B, Captain Andrew Belser. Troo;> 0, Captain George W. Sauer. Troop D, Captain John Richner.Troop K, Captain Charles K VatmeUter. lroop F, Captain Fred W Schmule. Troop 8 , Captain Peter Hoeft. Troop I, Captain John Otto.Troop K, Captain Samuel Weiss. KIOIRX.>TAL HTAIt.Museum, with an English and American flag alternatingtil be took his stand upon it to return the salute of thsrickAid, Capt. Thos. Allcook.This regiment is composed exclusively of Frenchmen.Their uniform is of the French infantry style; dark bluefrock coats, scarlet pants, uniform caps, neatly trimmedwith scarlet cord and braid, and pomposs of scarlet dence of pure British origin, wa* redolent with joy, and to the hotel. As tbe Prince entered his carriage he was worsted. There were six battalion companies present. even tbe two huge *ton i lion* on either side of the en- most bear tily cheered. He raised his dtosean in recogni-> Asst. Adjt, Lieut Neanden Quartermaster, H.TBE CHIMBS OF TRINITY.a. rsfd green. Their equipments ore of black enamelled On Bearing Trinity church tbe chimes rang out sweetfaced with light blue cloth and white cord; pants ai' In- digo blue doth, with wide white stripe on the sides; bodied French infantry caps, with patent leather frontispiece of a vtry tasteful design, with the sum designation of the regiment in tbe centre; OS thetheir caps the troops wear a neat whits wool pomf their equipments are made of black enamelled leai superbly ornsmented with gilt tnatgoa. This unit*weapon. Tbs Eleventh, to numerical strength, are se-and In the following order:—Drum Corps—ten drums. Governor's Island Band-.thirty pieces.j|'+wick. to*. s 4 Paymaater, Lieutenant C. B. Quartermaster, Lieut. J.Wade. Nicdtiy.Chaplain, M H Smith. Surgeon, Capt H 81Company A, Capt. Geo. H Barr. Company B, Capt. William Huson. Company C, Capt. H. W. Ryder. Company D, Capt. John T. OttiweU. CompanyE,Capt.HigbieCarpenter. Company F, Capt. Wm. 8 Ward. Company G, Capt. James A. Boyle.8IXTH REOIMKKT.This regiment is uniformed similar to the Fifthmeet, with the single exception that they wore \ blue cloth pants, with wide scarlet stripes down the sef They marched in column by companies, fourteen front, and in the following order: —mond- Chaplain, John J. Mott.Eoglneer Corps—ten men. Drum Corps—eight men,i I •{Washington Brass Band—twenty five pieces. 4' Col Joseph C. Plnckney, commanding. rt'Lieutenant Colonel 8. K. Zook; Major Milton J. RwthbS I Company H—Captain Bernard Sohwartz.1CaptainCompany E—Captain George Mittnacht. Company B—Captain Sclneider. Company D—Oaptain N. Miller. Company F—Captain Alex. Ebelsbacber. Company C—Captain F. Grimm. Company A—Captain I Frank.KXaiXBSTAL STAFF.— Quartermaster-hLt!B--ICompany F, Captain John Mason. Ray n o t e Company National Grays,i n t w o p l s -Adjntsnt—Paymaster—Lt. Geo Dixon, Camp.The bri gade consists of the Thirteenth regiment, Colonei Abel Smith; Fourteenth regiment, Colonel A. M. Wood; Twen-Jr_ -.Engineer—Capt. A. inent.1 giment, Colonel Samuel Graham.The, trcops had not all passed In review at ten minutesthat never before wa| it so radiant and so attractive withChaplain—C H. Phillips.the presence of f&iriwomen and brave men. However eruption of high'y oxegycated adjectives that would past five o'clock, when it was fast growing dark, snd the just tbe claim of thejformer may be to hold a first place make a man's ears tlcg'e with holy horror, or sometime*appeara: ce of the National Guard it is a waste of words Aid, J. Janeway Van Neat. Qtiirtormaster, Capt. R H. with scarlet band, round scarlet pompon, pants W the time, was obliged to halt and allow the carriages toHoudley. themselves, whoever hnd whatever has a just aad honor-to siy anjthing, for every one has the whole indelibly 8EYXNT\ -FIRST RKGIMRKT—AMERICAN QrARD. light army blue cloth, with scarlet snipes doj k re etter the Park. The Prince and suite were soon en able claim to public dotsideration and regard, that cUim fijed in the mind. Colon* Ufferta was in command, and This regiment is uniformed In dark blue cloth costs, the sides. Tha men rode on ths gun ca f rouie up Broadgray, reviewing the troops who were form- was yesterday fully kstalned, and their perceptions re>Quartermaster, Lieu*. Maxwell. •{.The First regiment, cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel Derln and lace; pantaloons of dark bias, with wide y^lo* Lieut Col Will Ferris. Major W. H Halleck. show, alternating with British snd American ensigns la of thousands and the wsvlt>g of innumerablecommanding, immediately followed, with eight compa- stripe dbwn the sides; o%ps of the Prussian styJe||ths nies, tome 225 men and horses. Their uniform la the bolus ma 'c of black fur and the tops of scarlet. &nh,(These offlceiswere mounted on splendid chargers] Company A, Capt. Jos H. Johnson. Company C, Capt Mansfield Lovell.Company D, Capt. John «7. Davis, Jr. Company E, Capt Wm. Atterbury. Company B, Capt. H L Robert. RXOiaiEilTAL 8TAFPevery wintiow. A line of larger flags, of both cocatrias, white handkerchiefs, in front of the City Hatt, stretcted over the way ti the Astor House, the facade of Here a slightly elevated platform was placed, which was decorated with a British aud American ensign and which tbe Prince ascended as the first body of troops entertwiced. At Windusfe dining saloon, a British and approached. Beyond th* hearty welcome wui; . greeted an /merican ensign waved together, side by side, him when be entered, there were no demonstrations madsUnited Slates cavalry uniform, and Is certainly the best with a pretty little yellow tassel suspended therefJoru.Wool. I «, "I FIFTH RRGIMKNT—JRTFBRSOK GUABp.tlocs wsa the ladies, with which the stoopThis regiment Is uniformed in dark blae^was o'clock.crowded at aa early as hour as ten Every, countenance, many ofwbish gave evi-ment* was ordered to halt in Its advance until tbe car riages should be brought up to convey the Prison and n i t *scales; metal gilt frontispiece of arms of the S£, te itn paling those of the United States, with motto snd'.*jjf*$t of the State. ., %fexjrV-TWRLFTH RKGIMBiVT—INWO'ENDKW^OCARM > .leather knapsacks. Tbey are armed with the long range This regiment I* uniformed in dark blue frock ^ s t e , Minie rifle, with sword bayonet, s most formidableTbe decorations along tbe route wen not what might had upon the ground eight companies, of seventy- with three rows of elegant gilt buttons on the breast risges, and caissons, and each man was arm: fl ed In line as they passed. •> cognized by the thousands and tens of thousands who have been expected, and beyond a display of flags hersfaced with Indigo blue cloth and gold braiu; pantaloons with s heavy artiller^sword. Their artillery coaaisl k , We- must, in justice to the troops ff the joined with them in the magnificent ovation to the Princa and there, one or two mottoes, aad pictures of tha "Baros b<udes the band of forty pieces snd eighteen of indigo blue cloth with wide bltck cloth stripes down of sixteen flekt pieces—six and twelve' pounders—w] { First Division, commend them for their erprt! of Wales. The City Hall Park has ever been a favorita Renfrew'* bat," and a few advertuing dodges, there was drums. This, with the field tad staff, made op the seams, caps cf tbe French infantry pattern, blue doth caissons, and each drawn by four horse*. The, regtm«| i du c<rpt and gallant bearing on this oc- locality for civU displays, and the attractions of the little to attrar' attention in this respect. In fact, they more than T20 men. The troop, under Captain McLaugh- bodies tipped with stiff enamelled leather, with neat orna- looked exceedingly weU, and would, ho doubt, giv« \ casion. The Seventh regiment fairly surpassed hour Urere have mani a ttme and oft gathered lirgo aslin, are yet to be added to thai aumber, and you hare tao mental frontispiece, and the numerical designation of the good account of itself in actual servloe. Tbe pieces i themselves by their large numerical strength and the cor-finest and largest regiment in the United States and regiment In the centre, axd white worsted pompons. .The route of march were drawn two abreast, on either si } rect manner in which they passed in review before thefive men each, an artillery corps of*twenty eight,when you take la view tne personnel, in tne world. Made equipments—cross belts of white leather, patent leather of the street, the officers riding In the interval betwe > Prince. They were loudly applauded from the time thebouquet was thrown into tii- Prince's carriage, aocom- panied by the following pleasant line* —Accept, dear Pricce; thai t.umblc gift, With every kind, and lo>al prayerMay Heaven, your Hi*hoe** dver lift Above each sad and worldly care.One prayer, among tbe rest I send; Maurcai love thus makes me sing,Though I would not yourself offend, May it be long ere you are King.In s.ch an outpjnrlng of humanity It would seem as ifup of the best class of our business men and clerks, wooTolantorUy assume the BAUtot's duty, tbey are the create letters A. G thereon in Eogliah ornamental script. Thetbe guns. The Fourth made a very creditable display, i A Col. Edward Blnckea, commanding.head of the column entered the Park until their leftof society, as well as of corn*.regiment is armed with the new army or Minie muskets.Lieut. Cpi. Daniel W. Teller; Major NTOOICS. Battery B, Capt. John J Dlehl. Battery C, Capt. Henry Schnorr. Battery D.Qapt. Henry Hay*. Bsttery E, Lieut Thos. B Peck. Battery F. Lieut. Richard O'Gradr.Battery G, Capt. Richard Raynor. ' Battery H, Capt. Loula F. Schafer.THIRD BRIGADE. NEW YORE STATE MHJrU. Brigadtar General Wliltam Hsll, commanding. BRMuna sjurr.reached Broadway. General Bruce, of tbe Prince's suite, ( was highly elated with the Seventh regiment, and re- i peatedly remarked that he never saw their marching or saluting excelled. Tbs Fifth regiment presented a solid troct, and they also met tbe approbation of General Bruce. The Second, Twelfth snd Seventy ninth regiments alsodeserve honorable mention,Next came the Seventy ninth regiment. High- This regiment bad seven battalion companies on parade,land Guard, Colonel Thomas McLeay. With the »*d marched in re rtew In company fronta of sixteen files. eioeption of toe 0*M sad staff, MM Highlanderswere In kilts tad QMsftrya. They wars a Engineer Corps—ten men. great attraction, and were heartily applauded as Dod«w4k>. «-"rsm-Corps—sixteen menthey passed through tbe crowd snd —tared tbe gates, la numbers tney ware not targe, having but a tout ISO man present. Tney wen preceded by fl re pipers, in addition to Robertson's bend of thirty ptocss.Tbs Ntath rsgimssu, Cite Guard, Colossi «L Van genres, weransxtlnsrdsr. This « tbs ssMkstaess* rs1 l•s•^ so tor as outward show goas, we a*vs ererawns. Their uniform « * „ , biRa, with scarWIrtinmingB, and airly dailies the eys Intbeliss ws toticed tbe City Moss, of Patonoa, Captain Grifflth The Ntotb paraded HO men, in six companies. This iscartridge boxes, made of stiff enamelled leather, with theirrIJa!f: 5 * ' **—*'•sSfBRUy^ ^ S S L 1 " * ***• • * • »*•* equipments.Cokutel Abrarn a Vosburxb, l^borssltoek.) rf, OastataASaF.Miller <££>- .^ST** * * Oartandl-t *t Captain *Z"Inspector—MajorJ.G.Her dld-OaBtslaJ.T.Smith. *a great number, from one cause or another, must of ne- SCENE FB0M THE BATTERY TO THE CITY of the hour, betas t favorable ground for vending their cessity be hurt; but we have heard of nHhteg of a seri-HALL.The review over, tbe cortege moved up Broadway to-wards the City Hall. The procession Was preceded by aActing * A t J e t o n t T ^ ^ ^ a i ^ 2 ! ? > , rAs aooo as tbe royal cortege passed the reglmeot ta review, owing to tbe lateness of the hour, tt would It* mediately defile and proceed to the place or diamUssai, so that by the time the Prince reached the head cf the line the corps at the opposite end had departs 1 for thtir re- spective armoriesIt wss by this time quite dark, an 1 the cro vd began perceptibly to thin out A few minute* more, and IB* sidewalks were a mass of moving beings "homewardl » K f ! OS* J T. Sand-uniformed Inriott. Judge Advocate-Major » Paymaster—Captain J. R. H. Aathon. l !ous nature. A few horse* slipped and rolled their riders commanding points of view of ths platform from which by ths club* of th* polls*, but beyoci these there areS«rs^oii-llsjorH.J.Qu»ch. " " B ^ " " * ' * * 0 W " 4 p squad of poilcemea, followed Immediately by ths Prince, enbocsaccompanied by Mayor Wood, the Duke of Newcastle, aadit Ws* known ths Prince was to witness tie marchingpast of tha troops} As the hour advanced, the we have to record. crowds sweeping fast, and hurrying on to theSEVENTH REGIMENT, NATIONAL OCAED.T Lord Lyons, in aa elegant barouche furnished by theQ»*rtenR«ster, Lt. G. A. tiix ** » *-ew. Roose- The coats and pants of this regiment are of cadji .American Express Company, draws by six superb blsok first point of attraction—the Battery—and otherwith the exception of the frontispiece on the caps. They ere a fine body of men and did themselves credit in the reception column. The battalion companies marched in company fronts of sixteen files, in tbe following order:— Engineer corps—twelve men.Drum corps—sixteen drumsBrooklyn Navy Yard band—twintytwo pieces. Col. George Lyons.Lieut. Col C G. Waterbury, Major 0 F. Wentworth. Company 0, Capt. C. Burger.Company H, Capt. Samuel liregory. Company B, Capt H Moore.Company A, Capt. C. H. Burtis. , Company E, Capt Ale* Frazer.Company D, Ca^t. E D Lawrence. Company F, Capt' Leander Buck RldlMSSTAl. STAFFAojntant* Lieut. C J. Blau- Chaplain, Thomas ButterWood, in reference to this particular humor of the Go- tbamites, good humoredlj remarked to the Prince tbatths people must have their humor, and he hoped he woull ex-Onali man.Van Buren.? Abrams.ELEVENTH REGIMENT—WASHINGTON RIFLES.This regiment Is uniformed in dark blue cloth, with emerald green lacings; caps of tbe French pattern, an perbry ornamented with gilt emblems, pompons of erne-actually ensconced himself on a' lamppost, to tbe space that ought to have been occupied by tbe gasexperienced bell ringer.SCENES ON THE ROUTE.Several funny incidents took place on tbe line of march. •was very creditable. Tony marched In review in co Opposite Trinity church an unfortunate dog found hiscond only to the Seventh Their appearance yesterdayway to.the middle ot toe street, and waa unable to extri- cate hlntoeU, through the dense mssses which lined the sidewalk. It was' laughable to see the manner to which * tbs poof brute, as plainly as a dog could talk, to all dhe blandishment* of tail wagging and oth<r canine demonstrations, imploring the compas- sion, now of „ibis man, then of that. But all his solicita- tions were in v*kn, till a compassionate policeman took hold of h.m by bis ffeck and pitched him among the people on the Sjdewalk| where he speedily subsided. A simi- lar scene was' enacted opposite Power's Hotel, with the exception of the unfef tunate cur getting more kicks than cento from the feet of the advanced police guard.At tli .-• point of tub procession some difficulty was ex- Paymaster, Capt. C. H. Ho- Surgeon, Capt. R H. Gil- periecced ^a keeping the way clear, so vast was theSEVENTY-NINTHREGIMENT—HIGHLANDGCARD. bancktrch.esbyth|ladieswassomethingtoberemem- This regiment is uniformed in full Highland costume— bered for all lime, fhui attended and thus honored, thetoons.. Then followed the Fifth Brigade, of Brooklyn.lS u r g ^ V c * i ^ C ? « m -Dodge, KW*> L c *• ?• dress style, trimmed on tbe breast with three rows | i (Kea t f the vast crowd. Every housetop, door, line of anxious sp^djtators began to form, which grewmixed gray cloth, same quality as that used at the Wet'- morses. All up Broadway was a dense mass of living, eeleced places, momentarily swelled the numbersPoint Military Academy. Tbe coats are nude in Us 1 {moving, surging hqmehtty. 'Language falls to convey an within tbe Park. 1 rf aa the gates, east and 'west, a dense rrease to the present. OMonsl Van Beuran has on* of tha Tbe field and staff officers were on horseback. Tn*t National Guard bcttccs; the tall*, cuffs and co | oop, window, tbe sidewalks—In fact, wherever a deeper and thicker asj the hours sped past. The fronts oftbe bvffsst parade they bars ever male, and it la to be bopsd that each success! re parade may witness s Ilk* lafinest tum in tbe Division.horse equipments and trapptogt are of a very abo wy Z i bus faced with black cloth snd wit - uman being could be placed, a human these lines were kest uniform in appearance by ropesnest detcriptionUntitled Documentgold ornament*, sufficient to give the- unifori | » rtrj neat, martial and serviceable sppesranos. TV fThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ing was present.eee reception drew immense crowds, and so did thestretched from gate tp gate, en the inside of which police wer* stationed, prfvioti-ig any invasion cpon t!iespv»arrival of the Great Eastern; but nev r before bas Newthus kept clear. For hours yet there was no expeotatkoasoldiery aa they maroo*d past. Bat still some groundmust be taken, snd as ths Frit:* was to be there, and as very tasteful description. BOOand heir yesterday, from tbs hearty cheer of the tbe whole cortege mast pass ttr.^ugh it ihera, the crowd*kept clear from|corb to curb, he would be greeted ssbis garb snd supposed sgs woald seem to warrant; and and tbs defences and their defenders gave wayProm the. Agricultural office a banner was suspendedws6 bjuidsomely decorated, aftergthe roar n. r of Barnua'selapsed from his taking his position near the platform un-No 82, there was a Urge American flag, surmounted by acute them! I am delighted with everything "semblages within its puklieua, but never before did it present such a c«owd of human beings—«mh a compact mas* of men, and women—as tt did yesterday, doring the marching put of the soldiery in presence of the royal visiters. From the earliest turnout to tbe mornlng4-and that was mag-many hours, tndesd, before any could hops to be gratified with eves a glimpse or the first preparttions of the day's programmed people began to assemble, as to a central point, In the City Hall Park. Inleed, those who, too, selected it,;nottos|a place of witnessing to the bast ad Tsntog* the pageant <tf the day, and beholding the herowou'd hardly have been seen if pree«>ntIn parsing Mr. Laird's store, 480 Broadway, a beautifulhumblewares,seemedtobelaggardsincomparisonwiththe mere pleasure s-ekers, who desired only to secure In ths mud, aad some bloody heads may bars been sssdanot many Incident* under the head of casualties which www.fultonhistory.comThe cable celebration and the Ja 