 NEW YORK HERALD. legs sad perils of the officers sad crew while st sea, ts contained la the graphic letter of our cor-IIIIMOIOOI SIIIITT)•MTOB AND vwtanm. .i.^.^^t^V*'^1'''*'*****^^'^*MiBbo-a oanoB*. VaaSBw.equal to Christ himself. Of what use is the Union to our'tmhappy brethren of the South, if they are continually kept in pe/il for theirble conflict," Helper's Incendiary teachings, aud Greeley's social philosophy for the negro; and the results are of the same character as those produced by similar teachings la St Do- mingo sixty years ago, and which will always accompany the prevalence of the abolition the- ories regarding the black race. The people of Western Canada are beginning to see their effect*, and seriously contemplate banishing the free negroes from their midst, as many of our Western States havo done. The Grand Jury of the county of Anderdon-has presented the runaway negroes a* beting in Uw great ma-jority a sat of shiftiest and worthless charac- ters, and public opinion is becoming much ex- cited against them. The prepent outrage Is supposed to be the result of a conspiracy for the combined purposes of robbery and revenge.The Straggle tat tike How.se ot Represen- t a t i v e s .The very remarkable scene which took place in the House during the debate on Tuesday affords a striking illustration of the truth of theoldLatinproverb,"Whomthegodswish to destroy, they first make mad." Mr. Pry or, of Virginia, who has been guilty of a terrible amount of newspaper infanticide, so far forgot all the proprieties which obtain between gen- tlemen. as well as the requirements of parlia- mentary-law, as to accuse one of the opposi- tion members, MR Hickman, of Pennsylvania, of telling a deliberate falsehood. This state ment was thrice repeated, when Mr. Hickman stated that he would not be bullied into fight- ing a duel, and Pryor disclaimed any idea of t-uch a result. A more ungentlemanly course of conduct than that pursued by Pryor couldhardly be found outside of the Five Points.Such are the facts in the case, and they are not at all pleasant or agreeable to look upon Up to this time, the conduct of the Southern members upon the floor of the House has been such as to win the admiration and the respect of the whole country. They have been placed in a most trying position. Representing an enraged constituency, and presumed to be in their own proper persons more quick to quar- rel than the cool-blooded politicians from the North, they have, so far, behaved in the mostcorruption of our city povernment. We wnnM complexion could conMstently be, hand and* remind our readers that the above advertise- glove with that school, and he, ludicrouslyBOWMMJw o r n«B»ATE1>Bwwery•r Hi* Laswtta—Owsv Oewaa.QASDCST,Bible question before them once more. They floal- lyadopted resolutionsdirectingthePresidentand Clerk to sign warrants for the payment of the un- paid teachers, exoept one,whom theyarranged most carry this case to the Supreme Court to have it tested, thus removing the question from the Board of Education to the legal tribunals. The commotion caused by the subject in the Board last- edseveralhours,andwasquitestirring,asmaybejudged from our report Several standing commit- tees were announced by the President, whose names we also publish.Southern States, both Intimately connected with another series of lntere*ta---those of the W e s t - arenotsoeasilydemolishedasaplatform ora demagogue.That our trade with the South has bean seriously affected, by the present state of things both in and out of Ctongrees, eaanot be denied, notwithstandingthedoubtsattemptedtobe raised by the abolition presses In this city. Exchange has felt their effect, and Southern bills are now settled for In cash and remittedThe Hon.Jefferson Britk Rope.oatheTightW A l U C I ' 8 THXATRX, l u n W i rtnpaOur diminutive contemporary, the discoverer of the "sympathies of youth" in "the elbows of the Mincio," having become convalescent from those terrible rear-ward wounds he dreamed of in the stampede from the Austrians, after the battle of Solferino, bas turned up In a new sphere of frog-pond notoriety. He bas become the successful imitator of the daring feat*, be- twixt wind and water, of Monsieur blondin. He bas made a d£but, in carrying the balance pole across the invisible cbasm. dividiug tweedle-dum from tweedledee, which will beBfwadwa»v-*a»*««TSBATRB rRANCAB. Si BrdMnj.-I* " « • » -Cilliiiiim a? V-ira 0AMUsent of the State officers has been procured, and being withdrawn. Their balances are getting which has been negotiated with the Mutual Insu- smaller and smaller in the hands of the Northern rance Company. The number of emigrants landed bankers. If any more John Browns are to be in the city since December last was 1,153, aad theSBOASW Af BOUIXMR, 4Mr» ow—WOBUB'S**»BABKUM'S AMIMUCAS ITOBBOal, m a - l i t i M Rora Aacs»»i©*—tJOLosn T u n Bora AJC«*»IOH-HM> R.aeaa.Broadway.—AltarIn the next place, it is a fact that an exten-rnttu i«Siwwm aa-Maa 0av*ssary of the restoration of the republic w is cele-bratedonthe22dult with muchpomp. Thespe'cial envoy to England, France and Spain had returned, having announced the establishment of therepublic to each government All the sovereignshad addressed friendly letters to the President is a shoemaker. In some counties—as in The Haytien minister to Rome had been cordiallyATHRUFXM. Brooklyn -WOOP'S MUMrrawi* rw trmoruBBOMM. DiSCB* Be.- Fwt*B PU*» f W W POM". PITHOrTH rHTRfM. frooklyn-Da. BOUVDCB'I Use-noteworihy little specimen of the complacent style of Mr. Peter McGrawler of the Asinceum.WBB OB UiBBOO TALWM.r^MflUlSMA * »ROBTOBTBA*SCB*I>SSWttillINi:TON HArAx.WUUaBlsburg.-EDaArroa-'kPARLOSEssex—the whole population during the win-ter is engaged in this business. Duringthe summer the men and women haveother employments, and pursue them; butiu winter every farm house becomes sutorial, admirable manner. They have used allOe»«*»—eaaoa ULITKIMA.TRIPLE SMEET.• aw %<»k. ThuM«y, January 19, 1860.received by the Pope. Drill mas era and uau.iclaaa for the army had arrived from France. *There are sevfn Bleamera from Europe due at American ports today. They have news six days later than that received by the Europa. Tn-v sailed from the other ports in the order annexed, vis:—verb "to trim," and to create an ideal worldtLe I r.iU . finite, lb ie > vents, following one another ID regular succession, showing the steady advance ia all the North of anti Fl.iveiy convictions, aul indioadog withBUL9 F » tTHE PICIFW.yam-.Anglo SaxonJooa BailCityof Baltimore.Jan. 5and the sound of the hammer and the lap^tone is heard wherever a live Yankee has a habita- tion. The work is given out by contractors,who furnish the leather and findings, and who send the wares to market when they are com- pleted. The Southern States are the principal marts for these manufactures. The demandproper parliamentary weapons againsttheir opponents, but have never till the dibutof Pryor descended to personalities, or debasedthemselves by the use of vulgar and black-guard epithets. Pryor comes from a Statewhich is proud, and not without reason, of itsgentlemen, ilf the manners of the olden time—the highbred courtesy of the ruffle and powderera—exist anywhere, it is in the State of Vir-ginia. Time was, until Pryor, when "Vir-ginian" was synonymous with "geutleman."Nor was his vulgarity allowed to pass unre-buked by his colleagues, one of whom (Mr.Millson) called Pryor to order tVice, and vin- very easy very accurately to designate."'«)••* Tora Hexald-Csllibnels AMItlon.w*ofFrfmoot'ssupporters,fiudeitperfectlyooa- sistent to denounce him! Having been behind the scenes, too, be authoritatively declares that the use of the slavery issue by republican members of Congress, Governors and Lieute- nant Governors has always been a most scan-KI I MU.%Commission.We have news from Hayti, dated at Port an sive manufacturer of carriages built for theThe >ortb Atla^le $it-amsntp Company's steamship Hammonia Jan. 4Ailamt. On* ivarsoc, *ui leave that port tomorrow lfl»f D <-l. »» * w " O'clock, *»r ABpiDWBll.The a.»ifc. for Califurua and other parti of til* Pacific will chi*- »i nou o'clock to morrow afternoon.The hfw r o w Wtxaiv HUULI»—OaUfuraia edition— •onuistim VL« latest wu»l!^eno* from all parts of the wortfl,»ilha large quantity of local and miscellaneous matter, will be published at elovea o'clock in Uw mora-IBSflangl* copies, tn wrapper*, ready for mailing, its oentaAgeala will please Mud ID their orders as early as pos-Ttte News.Politicians of all creeds willfindour reports ofCity of MacchcBterJan 4yesterday'& print tiling;* of Congress interesting were steady and unchanged. Veals were in fair de-emulator started off on his tight rope. No constituents bow bold and brave he bas been in the canae gentlemen regretted the occurrence, and be- wonder it convulsed his auditors; but they of freedom—hew he labored u preserve tbe holy ami ofbis proud and noble Stine from the contaminating foot- seem to have anticipated, after it, a little print of tbe slave catcher; bow be dared tbe fiercest rage and resentment of the excited South, and marched bold- steady walking for a mhmte or two. They ly up n toe extremest front of the army of theAnother proposition for the protection of slaveproperly in*the Territories, was introduced in the Senate. The House waa engaged in a stirring dis- cussion of the utate of parties, in which Mr. Carter, of New York, sustained a conspicuous partunderstand many of the large clothing houses,lieved that the H%use had been degraded by i t The conduct of Mr. Pryor is, after all, whatnumber landed during the week numbered 280There is sn overdraft of $9,475 70 now against thesent into Virginia the money of that State will be required at home.BRTANT4 MfBSTKBl*. Meehaakw BaB, ^ B r o a d w a y - Prince on the 24th nit The people remained faith- South has within a few days confessed that Buauaurai, Bona*. Purees, AC—JUMW OOVLBB.a subject of sincere congratulation to his Help-er's book abolitionist friends. In fact, the eue.iilater) in si»-echr*, m pamphlets, through toe mailsH.U.OOM HIV Tata <ux» ro»n-oad»»y -*i*». onaiarriMi*ful to the existing g vernment The MIS* anniver- orders he had received from customers there,to the extent of one hundred and fifty, have recently been countermanded. The shoemak- ing interests of Massachusetts are also seriously embarrassed by a sudden change in the business. Every tenth person in that Stateand by (missariea and agents everywhere, compelled recent outpouring of Mr. Jefferson Brick, at a tot-m to assume an atutn!e of self defence. By ibis mast bogus Union meeting at Albany, is quite a an:t steady pr-cew of revolution the slavery agitation he- can • gradually the param>» nt element of our politics. !<; lr-48, one great section of the democratic party in the North— yielding t» the pie, Sine pi hostility agaioat ttos p o slavery t»n<'cncie8 t* the federal government—split who summed up his criticisms with the formu • of! fronti tl'e main booy and ifefealel its candidal* for the Pr<si<ieCcy and in l*fr*\ the old whig party, hading Ms la:—"This work would be excessively good, if old ii-snes all superseded by the new rssoe which had it were not excessively bad." Mr. J. Brick's grown out of the anu-siavry sentiment of the time,tntrged ej-elf in me i,ew organization wrncb swept nnarlf exalted aspiration, when a schoolboy, is said a.i ibe Northern siai-s by immense majorities, and bare- to have been, to conjugate with variations the ly •traoed electing Join C. Iremont to be Presideat ofCircassian AfricaJan. T Jan TDay rf sailing.PortofdepirtLiverpoolGlasgow Queenatown...New York. Southampton..New York. Glasgow New York. Galway. .St Johns A N. YLiverpool New Y orkJan 4 Jan. 4Portland New YorkAnd vet this Jim Crow Brick, who was oneabout 4,500 swme. nearly all the manufactures usually disposed a brief synopsis of the testimony of Mr. Amy, given previously noticed. The sales embraced about 8,400before the Senate Harper s Ferry Investigating reasons. And we now lay down this proposi- bales, closing stiff on the basis of Ilifc. for middling up- tion:just division oi the estates of debtors. Notice was 000 tn 1868. The stock on band embraces 1,003,000 bales given of a bill providing for the election of Nota- against 837,000 in 1869, and 591,000 in 1868. The flournow blots the records of Congress. The own. But it is precisely to thin habit of pandering to opi- somersets of his argument After boldly pre- nions ana bigotries which public men do not share, thatries Public and Commissioners of Deeds. A billmarket was unchanged, while there was rather moren their support, advocacy or tolerationof Helper's or Seward's doctrines. The choice characters of the other Southern members mising that "if our fathers had foreseen the cost the danger of the country is mainly due.was paused providing for the protection of aide* doing in State and Western brands. Southern was inwalks. The report of the Connecticut Boundary moderate request and prices steady. Wheat was in someCommissioners was received- An executive ses- better request for export and for milling. The chief trans-action was confined to Milwaukee club, at $1 25. sion was held. The bills relative to Wills was de- Corn was tn fair demand, with moderate sales, atshould not be judged by the standard ofbated until the adjournment to the Assembly a prices given in another place. Pork was steady We therefore warn every man of business in bill was reported waking appropriations to pay inte- with sales of mess at $16 12>i a $16 25; oldrest on the State loan. The reports of the State Nor- mal School, the Idiot Asylum and the Superiaten.lations with the South, that unless ample jus- manner of conducting a very exciting and im- &c, gained by it. "Where,"' he says,tice is done the latter without delay, there will portant debate. While some of the opposition " are the blessings the Union was made to se-be a practical non-intercourse in operation, members from the North have been carrying cure?" Why, the South have nullified them abolitionist friends ought to assert their views,an affectation of piety and morality into theirwhich will be felt in every department of busi-ness. Property will depreciate, rents fall, speeches, and at the same time violating the immaculate North are the Buffering martyrs of peeking practical results, rather than the appear- clerks be discharged and laborers be dismissed. sanctity of the House with deadly weapons, the misdeeds and atrocities of their trans Poto- auce of victory." "Every man,"' he asserts Our shipyards will be deserted, and grass will the Southern members have afforded a marked mac neighbors. He says :— 'knows that no law Is needed to prevent thecontrast to such conduct, and confined them-prime at $1160 a $11 66 and new do. at $13The sales of sugar embraced 600 a 700 hhds , chiefly Cuba dent of the Salt Springs were received. Bills were muscovado,and 249hhds. meladoat full prices. Coffee was noticed for the protection of emigrants, to enable inactive, but steady for Rio. Sales of 2,300 bags Rio were servants to recover their wages, to enlarge Auburn made at 11 S c It appears that the whole importation of prison, to reorganize Auburn Insane Asylum, to coffee into this port in 1859 amounted to 101,813,786 lbs , collect damages at Qnwantine, to amend the act against 90,912,849 in 1S58. The total receipts into the against unsafe buildings, to authorize a Charter United States in 1869 amounted to 248,527,306 lbs.,of which 223,882,850 lbs. were taken for consumptioa Convention in New York, and to impose additional In 1868 the receipts amounted to 227,666,136 lbs., of whichHie idea is that such bills ought not to be pass- ed, because they are impolitic, and that hisWe refer to our despatches and reports for details. We publish in today's paper a full report of the proceedings of the convention of manufacturersIt cannot be denied that the black repub- property, drreetod of all their right* without even tL'; form of trial, or the aceusati >o of any c*imc, but on suspi- lican members of the Houee have lost ground, cion merely of holding Northern sentiments concerning an institution peculiar to the Southern :taU;g Northern men ists of the North ? Who are they ? Are they and a great deal of it. since the session cdtn- going to the South li certain sections of that co intry aremenced. The arguments of the prominent subjected to an espionage unknown in the most tyrannical o'Fpotwm of Europe. Napoleon, at the outset of thea right •• to obey the Fugitive Slave law or sub- mit to its penalties," just as they like. He would cot '• engage in the work of returning into bondage a slave," and he does not believe"any person with the ordinary Instincts of hu- manity woulJ do BO." So what, says Brick, fat the use of paselnjr unconstitutional laws, when,held at 11 eriden,Conn., yesterday. These proceed- ported from Brazil.i»g»» together with lettersfromour correspondentsMM JBa w.,was;» a w >*«.4i.t2) a » a a , a' .a. »«*.• »- a. 'aurnXK a IMSIM rimast:x\ s. **$>•*-. w sue* S i l twiseat aad best men of the nation have felt it shall witness scenes in the United States for tion, disunion and their train of kindred evils have lived and flourished rsamly—. "u,d»'hdeed, exclusive,K WIS. cftriN. K. SOJSII'N. &«stati *. a. !S*4 —ssMAasnaaturdsy—Thick fag, afternoon overcast; heavy mate M *5^5* l*e. f *c * °« »he ease whea f *Vr theCOBKITTIO-N OF THE CORPuPvATlO.V—TlIK El>- J'lt8^"1 f°r ******* •"" •*« PopataT eihO- iB u tbeevening;ft*s*M- ,.r».cTnopAHADVBKTISKMKST.-Thefollowing nientmeveryrecurringoanvasa ThV^Hrttoa. te. InLondon,*•****»< " £"•*bright nawsBiga*Monday—<?i«er; afternoon cloudy .evening overcast TH^eftay-Orer«astSBif«f>ry»iUay; Bigbt Uuek fo,. ! Weeaeeday—Thick fag; afterooaa overcast; sight overtstripes in i t . 3 K 2 E , T t If ! ^ * ? ^ ^ W , ? T a S ^ J T h l D d " to the fan-advertisement appeared tn th« columns of the HKJUJJ> yesterday:—•rarcely.complain with justice of Northern eViSment I pitiua of Europe, nothing of the sort is to be Witnessed. HousehoL^TM «"* storekeepers arein*y shoulu remember that agitation on the on* •,,!.S S f « * •taBU*te» • S ^ ' O ^ T X other "if i K held rigidly to aceount M the condition of theSU^BS***srday--Oterc*rt; afu-nwnn overcast; with sleet ?re threatened with fire and sw*Lfromthiscountry,Inwhich the mostfiendish u^U Bof"to'w,ii »*"*•>•ott<1 tbeir statements to the UM<.Aij» uOoa at tbeir earliest convenience.authorities take oare of t V main thorough-Tfarae. No sooner .does snov rail than It isshovelled into the am ddie of the* causeways byand rata esrsng evening.column wfli be found a highly into, of tbeir blacks. It is clear that theoutrages were committed upon an elderly wo-man, and two men mortally wounded. The astonishing. Statement* of all kinds of frauds- -!* oquence. to rouse them to a sense of their^KM and their duty. Never before in oar ****%•« the question of disunion been sothis confederacy, on which purpose their leaders are bent, the destruction of lives, the loss of property, the anarchy and the final overthrow of nUow free iMtitutions, will be the result* asdtheeffectsoftheirvillainy.NBG«O O m u f l B ra CAXaiu.—We copy else where, from the Detroit Free Press, Hn accountto brighter skies and happier time-.OBbe aipmeneet of renewed peace and harv'* f. the .Souttrtofflftirni?bedthe materia! for a fresh . i m s v , e . *a« agaia lighted the Ores which were smoolde.risw aV* ready to expire for lack of fuel. Indeed, I titmk 1 ecarceiyfr^?,!*1***1'0*80 wlemnly. WheaUw SnKdaj-ltiB*l^;siieraaaaoiwaadpleea««;mght HartfordC»nv*»»ii „ _i•...H T ^ T r r * ! , 7 w R h wbstantUl conCaVmew '«Pon f*mt kind are lMly net by municipal legisla-^•dOtt-SB* longer the place for them, if they athe *fh of October last, with the loss of 860 coolie*aad 18Earopeana A full account of all the de- murderers, supported by Northern clergymenWho would not think from these exact quo- the inhabitant*.- arM once thetY, the street tations from BrickV own report of his dia- r lfl leof the wreck of the dipper shipFlora Temple, of Balkmose. in the Coma Sea, onaffair was deliberately premeditated, and gre* I md corruptions on o. n*tantly exposed to the fcrays of North*,* out of the feeling which experience ha? created f present CorporarronMp^i- the past and rinspectore have H eart «d »' *7« &*f a' ct tribes, that he was an. endorser of Helper's of these arrangement* a 0 , l l , i D e followed byNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, JANUARY. ]fl 1810.-TBJPLESHEET.respondentA serious ace'dent happened on the Hudson property or their Uveal We appreciate follyment still holds goed. We shall continue to receive with thanks all such information as it refsrsto.The mode In which this unfortunate me- tropolis bas been mil-governed for years has no parallel in any city upon which the sua shines. Ten millions a year are expended nominally for the government of New York, while at the same time it Is in the most horri- ble condition at the present moment of any city in Christendom, reeking with filth and generating disease* of all kinds. In London and Paris not an ounce of dust in summer, nor a pound of snow in winter, is to be found la the streets after nine o'clock in the morning, while our street* present a surface six laches thick of slush and snow and salt and every kind of abomination. The city could be kept in proper condition, and well governed, for half ten millions of dollars under an honest system. One half of the ten millions now goes, In the shape of spoils, to our corrupt officials.enough, bolts out (he following sentence at the)Albany exhibition:—1 ass bore WH to retract say paUUcal opfotaas I bare i *>i held, sor to repent of any polwic*l actwa I a*v« t n r takin I have bold ttn S* otimeet at any time which mrv\d prrrrm me fr.«n >M6tng, heartily aad saoareiy, a tn* objects ot this milling.Neither did his predecessor, M. Blondin, pre-fer one aide ot the tight rope to the otber. 1stfact. Brick's anti-slavery, abolitionist feelingabeing all vented, be passes over to the otherside with a facility which wiM be readily under- ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mhQ k f t o w ^ ^ Having prove*tn his own satisfaction that the South are a l wrong, he proceeds at once to show that they are, with equal certainty, perfectly blameless, and that, for the entire mischief of the present crisis, the repablican party of the North Is to be held responsible. With his head in a bag, a somerset, aad gyrations indescribable, he coaj tinues: "What has produced tn the minds and hearts of the American people, the revolution ofsentimentswhichwenowperceive?" He answers:—IsaythatIt«doetothedirectactionoftheaboHttsa- ists, to the manner in which that action has affectsa paM tical parties at the North, and to the manner tat which at has been reaisted by the Southern States. This commaa- i.on of influences, all traceable to one source, aad nana*, cne moving impuse. has brought the country to its pre- sent disturbed and perilous posttoa. Starting front Ibe mild and char liable Christian principle that any tnaa vkho suffered blmse f under any circumstances to own a slave was a pirate and a robber—that every slave had Ore absolute, indefeasible right to assert bis freedom, aad to kill any man who should resist hi* attempt to take it, these societies entered upon their grand crusade against slavery in the Southern Suits The first effeci of that movement was to startle and arrest the Southern States am their wot It of emancipation. They found themselves sa danger cf being suddenly crushed aad varied beeaaSh the walls they were endeavoring gradually and safely as remove They found tbeir stares stimulated and urged to graap by force what they were try mg to give them aa a tuxi,. aud in such a manner as to maae it a bow worth r*#sci*iDg. They found themselves compelled to look oat for their own safety in the presence of this new aad terri be !oe The iLceuuiary ai>j<ea!s of Northern abolitionism,River Railroad yesterday afternoon, of which wegive some particaiars hi another column. Thewife of Mr. T. W. Field, of WUliamsbur , was soseverely n ured t at she died at Yonkers a fewhours sa equently. They had been saarrie^ inthe morning at Kingston. Bishop McCloskey, ofthe Cethobc charch, was badly hart, and was leftat Tonkers. Mrs Schrimer, of «4 WDlett street,Mr. frvtog, of 71 Horatio street, and his w e, andMrs. Thompson, win or the publiaher of the Bank menf; but there are the immutable laws of self- Note Reporter, vera also Injured, together w.th interest and self pregetvation, which often fr several others, whose names have not been ascer- rect the policy of nations, In spite of bidtained. statesmanship and corrupt indifference. Tne The Board of Education last evening ha 1 the commercial relations of the Northern andBread way-u s x r a THEATRE, « BT*WWBV.--JSA»IB usual meeting yesterday afternoon. A resolution to the drawers without delay. The dormantLA SEA D S A M .ROWKBT THEATRE, L«ltU*-MOTbU OOOSS AM 'C4»irwas adopted authorising the execution of a mort-capital of the cotton growers, hitherto left inThe Commissioners of Emigration held their5nS*-" gage for a new loan of (60,000, for which the con- New York to purchase supplies or luxuries, is FASBTTFbr.The Turk's Island Standard of the 31st ult has suddenly ceased, and there is a loud wailsays there has been a slight improvement in the demand for salt since last report, but (he price continues 7|c. to 8c. When the vessels in port had finished their loading, the quantity on hand will be scarcely over 300,000 bushels,The market for beef cattle was again remarkably dull yesterday, and prices further favored pur- chasers. The offerings were of a better average quality, but veryslow orsale,atarangeof 5c.a 10c. per pound, including all kinds. Milch cowsin Essex over the failing contractors, burst upby this unexpected state of things. The Southwill no longer buy Yankee shoes or brogansfor themselves or their slaves, if guns and pikesare to be manufactured in Massachusetts to bepointed at their breasts. The loss of the South-ern trade will utterly prostrate this hithertoprosperous manufacture; and the amount ofthe sales has been hundreds of thousands ofdollars per annum. Here among ourselves wemand at 3Jo. a 7c , as to quality. Sheep and lambswere in good request, at $2 50 a $5 50 a $7 perhead. Swine weie slightly lower, selling at 5c. a5|c. for Western. There were on sale—3 153 cat-tle, 93 cows, 391 veals, 9,000 sheep and lambs, and orders for the season, and in PhiladelphiaCommittee. lands, aad at 11 fie. for Florida middling. The receiptsSeveral subjects of interest were brought up in at the ports have reached 2,449.000 bales, against 2,070,- Whatever article of Northern manufacturethe Legislature yesterday. In the Senate a re- 000 in 184S and 1,221,000 In 1868. The exports amount (he South has hitherto consumed will be dis- port was made favorable to the bill providing for a to 1,317,000 bates, against 1,040,000 In 1869, and 622,Canada, on the East and West by two oceans, and on the South by some line which it is notSpeaking of "personal liberty" bills, be says:— I am aware that the object, the real motive of these bills ii not the relief of fugitive slaves, nor the protection of the persona) liberties of our own cmzeus. They are uuerly needless for either purpose Tiieir motive is tomake political capital at borne. They are brought forwardwhere this trade, with others, suffered from the panic of1867-68 Of the whole imports into the United States in fountain.'' Now, what is the cause of all this,186rf, 1,124.574bags, or about 177,682,354 lbs., were im-but the demoniacal conduct of the abolition- men of business, men of trade, men of property,the position they are placed in—we notejheir stand point, and do not wonder at their demand for guarantees when political lunatics and f o - litical rascals are endeavoring to rise oa thsur ruin and to hold them forever in fear and In abject submission.If politicians were alone to settle this quta- tion, we should despair of a satisfactory settte-grow in the streets. These are but a few ofWhat :-urt of a Cnlou & that into <«n<? srctlorl Of which & return of fugitive slaves. Not one in five hundred penalties tor violating the Election law. Among 261,266,090 were taken for consumption. Though the ira the calamities which must follow the aliena- selves strictly to legitimate and courteous de- man from the other cacnr* go without bting arrested, of those who have escaped have been sent back.the bills introduced was one for the abolition of ports exceeded those of 1868, the amount taken for con capital punubineot, one' to erect Highland sounty, sumption showed a decrease of 27,372,240 lbs. The fall and one to regulate the rate of interest on money. ing off in consumption was chiefly in the Western States,tion of the South. It cannot be disguised that bate. For a long time the republicans have Sfarc-hi-d, his private papers seiz-d, and, upon th- merestraised a great cry against, the "ruffianism of the ?B?p!tiorj. himself expelled with msnlt an 1 ignomiuy as a The public sentiment is hostile to the execu-houses of the largest credit are trembling and traftor and an outlaw* Men of Nortneru birth arcslnrat tion of the law,'' and citizens of the North havedicated, to a certain extent, the name and fame of the Old Dominion. From the tone of the debate, it is evident, also, thatfotber Southern(Laughter!)with large stocks ahead, are exceedingly dis-couraged by the sudden cessation of the usual might readily have been expected from him. were totally unprepared to hear as a sequence free, insensible to fear, and regardless of every in-He has simply transferred his brutality andIt is the cheap valor of men who profess to be aiming at he republican leaders at Washington persist The stain which he affixed upon journalism disappeared before the rapidly succeeding tbe public interest while they are only consulting theirviolence from the columns of the newspapersnents ss men who held back and shrunk: from the en longer a nation," ergo, "the republic is still one counter, who bad scruples about the constitution, aad Oar special despatch from Washington contains The cotton market yesterday was firm at the advance of at the South are at a stand still for similar to the floor of Congress. He is a mental and indivisible." This time there was no hi- could not raise themselves to his sublime height of indif- shoulder-hitter, a philological pugilist, a moral ference to tbe peaoe and harmony of the Union—he feels larious outburst Probably, in place of it, all tbe advantage of his position; s a l between the regular bully. These traits marked him as an editor, vague, anxious recollections sprang up con- and pledged Support of bis own party, aad the votessuch appeals may bring from sympathisers mother ranks, cerning the distance to the nearest lunatic he is very apt to secure himself another winter of dig- nity and renown in the councils of the State The whole asylum. But, as beat drives out heat, so asto- th Lg is a race of votes. It is merely pandering to the pensed with if this conflict continues, and has carried them "with him into the House. nishment at our Solferino fugitive* exordium passions and prejudices of the ultraists and tbe ranatioB.when be always assailed his political oppo- nents with the vilest personal abuse, and heof Sherman as Speaker will only be aproof of their perseverance in those doctrines, such a person as Pryor. It is indicated plunged Into the long and bloody war of the Liberty'' bills, our precious, honest Brick and if he is elected they will maintain them. more fairly by their manly and courage- Revolution," and "rushed madly into rebel-ous bearing, their unvarying respect for' takes gaod care to tell his hearers that, if they lion," Brick wants to know what suoh nin- imagined bim to possess one grain of integrity the North who has commercial or*financial re- parliamentary usage, and their dignified compoops as Washiugton, Franklin. Jefferson, upon the subject, they were wofully mistaken.tottering, because their "wheel is broken at the South." Who seem to be the ruffians just now? daily driven from ifce southern suu»—depnv^i oflbefrinMassachusetts.MichiganandVirginia,whichare Coi nserelal Effects of the Alleaatiea of orevenmenofsense? No:theyaredistracted democratsandtheleadersof the Southernop- gr>.ai warof thecoahti»m,8tiz.;d «ird imprisoned everyalso published exhibit the condition of trade be- tlae S u a i h f r a Meat ot B u s i n e s s . preachers, magazine writers, long-haired lec-position have told well with the country, andthe republicans have been struck dumb by theEnglishman in Fiance, atrd be wag denounced with all the mdlgnauoD of outiaged virtae—not for having performed an unfriendly act, butfor barfing violated ail the usageaand laws of honorable war. Souahern states treat citizens oftween the States, and likewise show the tone and The public will find in our columns of thistures, silly women and sillier men. They aredrift of public sentiment upun the non-intercourse morning reports and letters from our Special the scavengers of society—the sweepers of the trenchant truths which have beeu brought the North in the same way, and we are ridiculed for inti- by " whipping the devil quietly round themovement inaugurated at th<rSouth since the un- Reporters in Massachusetts,Connecticut,Michi-fortunate event at Harper's Ferry.gan and Virginia, describing the effect he pre- The third anniversary dinner of the Hardware sent political agitation is having on our inter- Board- of Trade came off last evening at the St State trade. The report of the proceedings of Nicholas Hotel. Speeches were made by the Pre- the Manufacturers' Convention, held yesterday sident, Peter Cooper, James T. Brady. Esq , and in Merlden, Connecticut, is particularly signifi- others. Although no distinct allusion was made to cant and important as indicating the reaction the bearings of the present condition of political that is setting in throughout the industrialhome to them, a fact which is apparent by their mating mat the continuance of such practices may lead to HI ftelttig, and imperil the existence,.or, at least, the har- dust, that they may use their own brooms and silence. The case of Pryor is au exception to mony of our American I nk>n What are incidents like these but symptoms that the Union is dissolved already r No Northern man has rights in any Southern Stale which which have been strictly observed by the tbr prople thereof feel bound u/rospect Rewards are publicly offered for UK> he*/J6 of Northern men; state Le- Southern members, and it will be so regarded gislatures are arming for uefence against anucipated at- by the country at large. We call on the t mpte to coerce tnem iutn obedience to the constitution aud the laws; extended movements are oa fuut loestaoliah that the "impending crisis" will bring every Southern members and the national men from e.<mint-real non-intercourse with the North, an I to open the North and West to preserve their trade with foreign countries in preference; and In the h/tgbt of the fever and passion of the times, it has even been ranks unbroken, to maintain the dignity proposed to court the alliance of a foreign despot, and.to soScit protection from his armies as preferable to con- in Heaven that the patriots of the country will of the House, and to preserve the tmwd eonnsction with the Northern States. S» far as the it*rtie«< guaranteed tn every citizen are concerned, the prirrisions of the constitution are alreaav as dead hi the ScnAiera States as the rescript* of a Roman Emperor. TheUatoa if. alreajy dissolved, aud the question we have to consider is, how can it be re establiahed fAnd again:—the personalities and vulgar abuse of a member r <»•» bound, in justice to my own convictions of theOne thing is certain: our government was like Pryor as matters of very little conse- truth, to add that the South has made herself responsible in a ve.*y largif. egree for the evil that has come upon her created not for the discussion of logic, or men^ quence, when they are promptly condemned and cpou the whole country. She has made precaely thestump," they can so easiry be evaded TMr. Charles O'Conor comes la for a largeohare of dear little Bricsfrebuse. So dbes tbe HERALD. Its " unwearied a3slduity" in hunting out the truth, is odious in the hast degree to the diminutive political tight rope dancer, and h»{ denounced by him with dire malignity. 71*- says it is not surprising that " the South should have been alarmed" by such indiscreet disclo- sures as the HERALD has made. The writer* for its columns should also have taken lesson* under Blondin, and then the abolitionist? ex < cial would have been satisfied.COJJWTIOK OF THE STREETS.—There is not • city in the world, the Asiatic alone excepted, in which the present abominable condition of our streets wonld be tolerated. With the ex- ception of the dog nuisance, we are in the full enjoyment of all the urban and suburban dt&agrinw* of the Constantinople highways. Hellespont of slush, impassable to any but adventurous Leanders, sights and smells odious to Christian eyes and noses, and daily accidents to life and limb, describe In a few wotds the discomforts and casualties to which the citizens of this great metropolis are sab-jeeted. Is there ao remedy for this state ofthings? Abroad we know that evils of theaffairs noon the Southern trade, yet a strong Unionsentiment pervaded the proceedings; and the slight-est reference to the importance of maintaining Notwithstanding the constant efforts of thehonest man to his feet, to resist the macbina tions of these enemies of the Union. We trustpacific relations with our Southern brethren met with hearty applause. See oar report in another part of to-day's paper.John Browa newspapers in this city to con- vince their readers that nothing has come out or is likely to come out of the doctrines of Seward or the book of Helper, unfavorable toat once take sides against the black republican John Brown faction which now threatens the very existence of the government and the per- manence of the Union.honor of the republic. This they may ac- complish by retaining the high toned and dig- nified position which they assumed at the be- ginning ef the session. The country regardsThe annexed table shows the temperature of theatmosphere in this city duriug the week ending the interests of trade and commerce, and thatJanuary u , the range of the barometer and ther- trea«on may be rarely committed and perse-portions of the North.broad avenues of national prosperity, raising again a few pence or a little notoriety. the general rules of courtesy and proprietyAnd for these and their fanatical nonsense the Union is endangered, and a party has been found willing to stand by them. We trustmometer, the variation of wind currents and thestate of u» weather, at three periods dining each the mast careless observer that the conse- tal philosophy, but for the security of life, by his own colleagues. It is to the conserva- mistake >?h ch baa ruined despotism throughout theday, vbt: at»mnd s anAA. M,and3and«9AoV'cJAloAcAk- IP>.IhTi:.—world, of eaaetVATh>S to meet moral lonaenoes by mate- liberty and the pursuit of happiness. None of tive, national members of the House that the rial force. When the abolitionists petitioned Congress for what not a soul 1ST Congress dreamed of granting, theti».fjjlFithe thick darkness ef Egypt closing round these objects are to be obtained by anarchy, people look for the salvation of the Union and south insisted oi supt1" artng the freedom of petit on. Tnt 1vered in for political objects, it is evident toquences are already being felt and seen, likebloodshed, or the rebellion of slaves. As sure the perpetuity oi our institutions. That those When the atolffloSiBtfc'p ' ** ap^echea which everybody one of the hitherto happiest countries on the n garded as dull and A'nPid, the Sooth insisted en sup- globe. Is tile first place, apprehensions are as this infidel and treasonable opposition to members will be found worthy of this sacred pressing the freedom of ep,*!Ch. When the abolibooateentertained, for the first time, in quarters wherethey were never harbored before, and thethe constitution, the laws of God and the mate- rial Interests of our country is triumphant, wetrust we have no doubtLet them only be-firmsect through the mails ;t»c-Dv"»*•' North,which history offers no parallel. If we suffer will be utterly annihilated, aodthe dark cloud ly—upon the materia; afforded nbefc"1 by the unwise and their duty everywhere to come forth to the peo- misguHied action of the Southern J«avVe- Whenever the pre with the utmost might of their intellects and these eraehbrained abolitionists to destroy which now ob>cures tut- Cupuol will pive place anti slavery excitement has flagged *n»»* tbere socmen toeisunionoaacontemptiblesea,.Wllft Mmrlt», n>»ttGKincil,orposeessinganyinterestingfact*inrela££221B& 12?aJ,dM"*nt themselveTTooUedeor** of white men and a MoagTj 'The result of this publication was perfectlytails W the dfcaeter. with the effort* »f the French editor*. *talesmen and politicians, prayed for ^nrtnued introduction of negro Criui'.'.'1 ami fa-fore us a pile of 'if>i; • ••• i,d>»('.;,0 0'" >' "'"' •:.' i-i from a!i o*mph!et, an advocate of John Brown's inva-the part of the white population against the garters throughout t J... J -j *„ have a,* Untitled Documentthe immediate punishme, ^ of the one by fine, <ion. and an arrt-nt supporter of the doctrine* and of tbe othei by dl »mis«al. *The conse^••• Garrhn.r V.eu.leil Phillips. Gerrtt Sm.th. quence is that iD none ot U , e leading European,,ary Publications, the Socth insisted upon subjecting the . snails to the espionage and in the laith, and sectionalism, treason, aboli- the m< rcy of individual dfflcevv '• T h e aooiitawuats, andAnvaavwaaiaT —AH iiartiea having any kn^wlc^e ofdisunion on a e n n i Z ^ v ? * a t t n e m - T Q 4 t *"M of an outrage recently committed in And»rdon. "imqemcies oa the part ot members ot tti« !ai- Oom would baw m col andtolerant,considerate an" Sat pavement beforo their u ^ m e e t s , whtiat thecart aad warmTaursday—^teesrtng:artorseoa•reressw.Bigotcwaay.fVtday«--CBiaraIldai, ev-.u»ng oversea*; anew duriag a verj difcrea. t h i n g . ^ R £ £ » £ * Canada West, by a party, of negro refugees <ion to the history and antecedents of the members of theout of its manifold syuouyms. To unappre Certainty the corrvrg aFcerdericy of Northern influence indated exercise of the imagination, in thisdirection, is doubtless to be attributedhis subsequent soubriquet of " little vil-lain," and also those brilliant scintilla-tions of fancy. iD the detailsof geography,that have so astounded a practical public.He quadrangular ized the circle in Italy, audhas. lately, bounded the United States after thecessation of it* existeuce. 'This Union." hetranslucently declares, "is dissolved already;"but it is "still bounded on the North by dalous and rascally species of buncombe.by gome illustrious obscurity who lays Hie foundation for This was the fling with which Blondin's the corning canvass while he has his ssat Tie enable* himself to go borne at the rod of the session, and ten histerest but that of tbe oppressed and the aowntroddea. to the proposition "the United States is no All this is very fine- and when be can point to his oppo-of independence, they would scarcely have Yet. after this denunciation of " Personalcompletely, poisoned them into curses, aud the "with the eDds and aims of practical men,the anil-slavery men, and the t«t'>uoliCMiBOfthf rnimcils of tr-e nate<n, created prof'nuDd oisq'iH W l e irt the -oiitb" rn mind The vi>te for Fremont especially hut an imcession of danger more marked and srrieas than bad ever been made before of the natu i Thomas M. Tryniski (•team* cUironde to rescue the ship, aad of the suffer- > it she pulpits, elevated as martyrs, and declared "nawaya into the county. The aft"*.; ; a r .ftIht? CuO'etU- of V re^n'1'1mi'Ltt ***«raifrowta-of Sewnr<i's •Mcnr»v»!.j rj~i <; U309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Tneofk.r. i'arker UPM .Tethua R. Giddimts? Hereiif»ff io tka •*.,...»_www.fultonhistory.com.* InrtAmmiulAj l.w 