 10^a• rooms w*ra erowded *v rpertfnir mn, hnt nether UTSI1LM8 OPT18 WlUflKG CU8U& tettssa aar Gnbbm warn vtatbta; te teat tb*v i n both arepariag for Baa faugnaa of tba foitewiag aay by in- duigaigmafairhoara'steep Itwasfoiljoa*omock a l i e morning when tt waa snaoaaaart that the steaner waswaategatadockaboutamiledownUwriverto use jiiiigpri Mai igaisra oa board. Giibotn waa r on ready, bot thorn w*a antthar kssg delay waiting for Wi'sew, Io tecg dMbe protracthtest.vting thatthe optetea hacama general that he dm not saeaa tgbtteg, UTERLUDETOTHEINTERNATIONALMATCH but was dasuaas of ••backing oat," H he realty pur- posed showing the "white feather," ha was erentuaUy/nd row to trim up. With the expepttoa of Jaek tbe fight, and aacthcr thtt n«en»o's 'rlei's bal l*««i U. Donald and Owen 8wiB, 1 sa**e yetjIo Bear af tbe BratS^h.lsg man who faataeS Sayere la that match rothelr questma, "Is Betwaa what they say he * over to Anasr liar' "Yes,Ithinkbe.is," "Thea,e'heipmeGod,heIEW ELECTRIC EsTERPRISES.The F1r« Alarm T*l*graph T1J«attd the CustomaHewisjrtfi,\ ' TBS TIME BALL.tvery rerttea ef lbs eiry. It's sate to possess tba peco- sar a^vnaesgeB ef raptetty, vat»ta, ismssny aad aztoat e' « rre.rnlcation, hi which KcMTtrs matertally from sll t/ h*r fire and police telegraphstesseiestiSapmataf vww.todtattaetfve feature ooa- •«autauseltprodaotogeffect,a.gTlatdtateaeeswhtobr eibet kjii*»t baveoniy sought te direct by mstiacxtoaa to ag*a« Practically, it is tbe only existing ateans af com aHHatiif afactfrontasmanypointssa maybedesired to a central atatioa, aad of givWmmaat alarm from the see by ring t g large alarm bene ta aiffcreat stones a t the tame rocmrnt by one person•a—*— ^•WWX^i'«l*'»%»*l"^i^W»'^*^'1selves procured it for the parpoat cf wtoJtng op *halhad only been a comedy which they were irteyteg. Jnever having been their Intention that the men abouW 1 must Bah 8sy»rs to twenty aiteatse "THEPRIZEFICHTTESTEBDiT.fight, hutonlytocreates tremendous/«/•«, ova the strength of w tea they were both to pveeeedtbato the Catted States sad travel through country, glvksg sparrteg ohlhaioas. Theand the btedftsf over are not •**»*•*•_fJjenkMcDonald,savingreturnedfromDarby,lanow bl my side. He baa coma up te sea about the bail. Bow- ever, that la a small matter, onrv £60 from Beenaa, and £60fromtwogeatlemenofDerbyshire Hetells mene has aa apprehension af the fight being stopped.By thelsst edittoa of Bell's life, (which McDonald gave r e at three o'clock to day), I find that the editors have taken the "back track" respecting their remarks te tba soaatry edition. .Letmesow close with a few remarks Among the latest arrivals a r e Jim Hughes, Andrew Hines, sites F ig sto.aad Gov. Dorr.McDonald telte aw to say that Heenan will fight if ba has to do his training ma jail yard. The Boy Is free now,gAt lwelve o'clock to-dsy Falkland received the followtag tel*grapb>-r>rby, Hat) A M -Heeoan baa jnaXbaoa bound over, himself ta £60, sad tw o gettlesaen of Derby ta*»asj»,fwtltetertetd8iXBaoattltt. Oftnurasbs wt& forfeit this You never saw a man more willing to fight ta your life than he is.LETTER FBOBf ITEENANWo have much pleasure la givsag pabttctty to tbefat-lowing letter from l b s Beateta Boy himeeff, after having given bail to Derby, sad returned to London. H « « - presseshimself ss being watt, aad we aregladtotod that he is not disheartened by his recant arrest Tbe fol lowing Is hip tetter, forwarded by way of Qoeenstownu—Loan©*,Aprilr,lM0-1 o'clock P-M. Fxaam Qcxsw—You will have beard tbe news af my ar-91* JYcfct Between Harry GribMn selves went sail further up if river tba s earner taking them ca board at Bulla lurry, aad the passesears being Ed. Wilson. told to await her retarn on the dock where they were as- sembled. But Bte purehaaare of tickets wore eoomed to bedams*efuJlJ»'aold,', so, by what waa eoaataarod a preooacelved arraageateat of the prtecipale aad the tend- BOTH MZ9 8XTKKELT FUHIBHSD. tprd of the PaviUiaa Hotel, the paasengersjwere tett standug for hoore. awating bopatecsry She ratara of uio t earn tog But the eambatsate, bavmg B«**<*d.J>j05 cash for ibe tickets, took no lorther trouble ahout^tnem, aad although they well knew they wereJ»^«TMf* retain to go on board, they aurted on «^^ *fTMTM6TM;England, aad Heenan caaaot ha srrestod la aaroSBBf county on account ef an ssBttclpated breach of thepeaaa, bat only waaa tt sbsfl artnally bawa tekoa ateoe.Sayan has inttetenasdsdry ooattnaed hts trsiahif a Newmarket, sad tt is not strange that ta vtesr of this fast Heenan complains at hatog"Banted" from eight countiesThe magistrate at Newmarket refused to endorse the *kr t sat which was brought there hy the constable of the M s of B y , a kwaMty where tt wss supposed tba fight would take place, on the ground that itwould be a stretchaf power, and aa absurdity, as no ofleace hsd been com#F TBE APPARATUSla a few says tbe Time Ball created upon the roof ofof two i»rii-lirst tbe signal apparatus and wires, by wbicb tbe ru:! get ce of a Are or other cause of alarm ia n a.B i LH*i< e frcm any part of a ett> to the central eta- Mon. rV«.i.d, taw alarm apparatus aad wires By arbaoh the aiaim bells i s oiflereat narts ef a city arw struck fromA. IBRAW GAME.aad earned out by a few public spirited gentle among wbom may he mentioned the names ef Messrs. Royal Phelps, T. Tileston sad Devrttt Btoodgood,tbe tnur*er,uoe of hands at the bell towers.To Illustrate the operation of tbe fire alarm ta few wcrcr t£f« are m the city o' Boston signal aaatteas or '•sin BrwaVxea" eisuibuted over tae city, frost oneofabichUatutelageneeof Aretataa neighborhoedcaa be rntaBHtatoated Bsstently to tbe central statics by simply looctitg s c'sik The operator at tbe central station • then abie, by a motion of one head, to strike tba •sailiS number tiasultaneoorly on the alarm bells SB liter ill ihiougbout the city; and not oaly thai, bat also, by an t)(htr Bictxta of BULbeed, to sap back oa all the signal buxta the number of ths atgaat hnxm tbe dwtriot fromjBiker's bland, teaviag theirT**-^**^* < 2S? ^ 5 load aad deep at tbe swtedle VTftictAnjM^m, a•ndopenlyavowtegtheirbelief ttwas «r**r"f*»' on the part af WiBoa and erfbbte- Oertetely tojustified this ooaelutten, and wo " J J P " * ^ ^ * 6 ^ " " ever be tsssptsd to venture to another nrlaeagbt•jknwntj those thus left were Jem Mnasey and John Woods, w h o werogotegteseoaed t»« fighters. ,_. ,.test time, sad tt Is probable that the fight wiM not oosae off till one week Irom to day—two days subsequent least idea where they were being taken Tbe aooommo- to tbe time originally set The Idea af absadoteaf aabona wane bad. N a opportunity w a s had-to tte dows the contest oa account of the a m st has never entered FIGHT BETWEEN ORIBBIN AND er even sitlovn, and, with the raw easterly wted blow the heads of either party; sad the comparatively smallamount of bail which was required will of course hegladly forfeitedia ordertobring thematchto aconclu- A m York, tiu) Ed. Witaoa, ol WeehewkSB,for one tboa- fifty people en board, sad everything passed of! in the sion. According to the rules of the English prise ring,tttt has aa importance which must cause it to ba appreci-ated by all classes of the community. Oae of Its resultswinbeis furnishoarcitizenswithacorrect standardoftime, with which all the clocks and watches of the me-tropolis will be made to correspond; but it has much moreimportance ta tbe fact that navigators will be afforded wh.cb the alarm proceeded. lWengiuee are ttras dt- geater facilities than tbey •BOW possess ta timing sadTHE HEENAN AND 8A YZH3 AFFAIRMClOCdTS OF tttt MKST AND RELEASE.IITIETIEW OF T I B C11IPIOII, I'pon laavteg «ha dlaappoteted once a perfaet feudsaa ia>possibility.Heenan of course requires a day or twa to make up fori<cied notonlytotheotatrict,butactuallytotbevery box originating t b e alarm. T h e Bate between l b s Arab iter very of a Are by tba taatatesaf a dwatttag aad its,*« was Meff m the shape of pistols, the boat ateaming 4c, * c , *c- away for tbe East river, no person oa board having tbarating their chronometers la a known teagttadc, and thus be made certain that all their calculations of position, which depend upon tbe aoeurscy of their chronometers, are correct.teg, a moat disagreeable time was speak At last the WILoON. Bast river was reached, aad every eye was stretched torest through your letters. I have jast thM monacal arrived in Ionden. and one of the first men 1met was yourreporter, Mr William Bryant, hi mhos* presence l a mnow writing this hurried totter. I have had aa examina This operation sbnply consists tat a comparison of the Hon, and given ta ball, and at onoe thereafter came toTsslsrisyto*priseIglri between Harry Grlbbta, of dttooverBiker»Island,asthiswasthespotwherettwssLondon. I know not yet where I will finish my training, exact time ascertained by tbeir instrumental observations, wherevertheymaybe,withthetimeofaayKnownlongi-sand sellers, came off aeon after daybreak at Biker's most quiet manner Several people suggested that a camp la tata Stale. At wiH be seen meeting waa tbe object and end of the whole affair.must take place st least within the week, or the bete win all be off, which would be of course a serious toes to the winning party; and as both parties claim, this title in ad- vance, both are anxious to bring it on. .iibe sabjoteed report, the fight did mot terminate aaaWhtt—*T. the referee deddtag that tt was a --fight ASa maUer of courre all outside betaare •ST. an l the qoesttoa of physical supremacy between theseArriving a. Rlker'a Island about daylight in the morn- teg, the ring waa soon t ttahed in a vary appropriate place, oa turf soil, with beautifully turned stakes aad strosg ropes.The colors for Gribbin, aa hung on the stakes, were a green ground, polka spotted; those of WUaoa a broad blueAs t h e d a y approaches i b e excitementincreasesIarea t o n in 1826, and ta ooneequ'ntly now \a hia thirty fifth year. Hla height la about five feet eleven inches, aad ha fighting weight te the aetghbot hood of oaa honfifty four pounda B is first essay ia the prize ;waswithJamesClarkeatLiverpool, for MOaside. faagtit at Boytoa, near Liverpool, Nor. 17,1846, aad after a capita! contest, laetiag any seven minute*, which thirty nine roanda were fought, Clara declared the winner. In thia fight Gribbia such prem'.-u g pugilistic qualiti- s, for a tyro, aa i h a friends to match him against another pagi- aamed Moretoa for $60 aeide. They met at Bctom, n*nr Liverpool, Nov. 23, 1846, and bare Gribbin was the victor, beting his opponent In Swasty-Cour rounds a n d thirty minutes, in clever sayla. The following j ear he was matched against Mark Brooks, a pugilist Of considerable experience, tor $60 amide. They me! st Olive Mount, 6 »h©rt d:*'«*ce from Isvetaool, June 28th, "1847, aad here Gnbbtn was doomed to defeat, after fighting nineteen well contested rounds*muscular and possessing a knowledge of the ring, would BOdoubtmakeacapitalfighter.Upon stripping, both men showed excellent condition, and on comintr to the scratch a most sanguinary conflict seemtd inevitable.THE FIGHT.F\rst Bound— Both men =hy; considerable sparring,havingheldItthreeyearsagainstallcomers Itwillbe long to Bayers if he win the comfcg fight. Its pecuniary value is about £100, aad Ifr. Dowling Informed m e that should Heenan win tt, he would be required to leave this value here before he could take tt away from the country.so a s to enable them to p a y their journeymen higher to the same anchor bone. TheobjectofthelattersetIstopreventvibrationandJthatwages than they are at present getting. They think that deflexion to which a metal shaft of such attttaee aad saohalmrettokn Impoisbility. But, besides into, thesaatral ttalim ta luraahed with testing apparatus, by which the Integrity of earn circuit ta conatsmly ascertained.f er convenience ano security, tbe signal boxes sad sat alarm belle, to any great city, are not strung respectively nfwroregreatsignalcircuitandonegreatalarmcircuit bnt the number of circuits of each dam ta aaakV plied, *•! of them radiating from the centra! suttee, ake tbe petals of a fiwwer. Tbua a signal circuitmayknocked down or thrown down at the end of every J»Ce> fought lur »»tw a aule, m Bertie County, Oana round.cm jjbvsmber 10, 1S67, aad aHorSghun; tnlrty-one "thrtylbtt Bound —Wilfcn growing stronger all the aiii»ule?^*'DQrn W M d f ciarea the winner, Giibbm being time, after a Utile iparrtig he knocked Gribbin downdnctton as compared with the outlay of previous weeks.The streets present a greatly improved apoearanee, petite to it So perfect ia the action of this detent thatknoci ed'at ' o f ClBM b v * terriiic nit near th • region oi UH- ^aJ't!^', • , u w "* BJ,<1 ( a '"'«"• o to Gribom, t&*t be wa*Tui a^ajajdltion U> nntt, navjtg o.-eu sutr-finglfroai a j t f ^ r y >»/ -"m^ Jays previous 8»n « ibattimebi >.dtofcSiLowudee told Jackson be was certain he was ir the bedroom, and he would go and get a search war- rant Irom Mr. Sutton, of Bharlow. Iowndes then started ef! ior that rurprge, and after he had been gone about ten minutes Ileensn jumped througb the bedroom win- dow,analeapedovertbepoliceconstable,Hallam. Hee car at once took to his heels, and a regular steeple chase PEF•«>!. but as the "bue of country" was new to him, he was raptured after running over a few fields He seemedfrutiv mortified at being taken. This was about seven'ciorlc in tbe morning. Tbe trap was then sent for, and hevic'or btcame to mated that a general battle royal took wss taken to Derby—a distance of ten miles. On the a r'.arp look out, SS there appears to be a great aben-fight, nccasional rumors and f>uggrsUonsof 'Police" were whispered,aad tbe excitement thereupon ensuing v a s hidicroua m the extreme The crowd then molt generally gave up all idea of fighting, and scampered like sheep.Of the merits of the men, a few words will suffice. Bath uitptnyed gatneness in a surprising degree, but ae, her can take any high rank as scientidc boxers. Gnbbtn showed that h a does s o t possess the stem na of constitution for a pugilist, ana the general opinion wasbeD.SLotapptartlyB•*»rol*d *fen*ania ecostoa.tl19 Pwoantinterferes somewhat with the cleaning operations. The Aldermanic, Committee to whom the LvncbA Co. contrtct was referred, have not as yet oome to any derision ou the sub ect, and therefore the City Inspector will continue to dothework.L'mmALTHv MBIT.—One of the City Inspector's assistantsseixod twelve^unhealthy calve?, whish were presenteddrum of two and a naif feet diameter, containing an im- mense watch spring.Theoperation isasfollows—Whentheballisraisedto the top of tbe mast and tbe top of tbe detent is placed un der the rollers, so as to support the ball, the htm cord which conveys tbe action of the sprtrg to the sbattcar- r>u g ibe wtee's. Is woutrt around (he spring drum, onefinite action a limited supply of water ta nonce more sflew- tua! ft. preventing large COL(laorations than large r*ee- voirtort'^terrswouldbe where thedittr.ct tystemof alatm onlv ta used.3. Tbe ariargements of this system protect It from la terrupt'or.s, either by accident or design, and it works w;tb ecjvsi o tralcty a»<! p'omputude in sunshine er stcrm. b> Ca\ or by ntgbt.of EdWT.gon. we i ^ t futl1 or^ nothing tochronicle,aavoawaalnaffratesaawn thering He is a bnuuxeouifler by tiale, fcu^a^r *<>«»• Utne baa keptyet isrday (or sale in a slaughtered condition at Washing-ton market. Purchasers of meats just now should » vp red attached to toe smallest diameter of the conical drum,tte Woodbie Batol at ^ c^fcftF*"11 A b o u l 3 i veara of and Ordered the fignt to be drawn.an.' tie tpring le relaxed.Wh<n. the current of electricity from the Dndtov a'arme, wbcb eatail greai expense, or aeocrit of lbsa«e be ia some three iacb.ee ihoVsr thau Ua aot»gini9», a-.a pia iwDly 1%or 14 the tighter D weight. (Pa frame at oosapactty and cloanly built, and appears to com- bine tiTtigvh with ac-vity. Although never in tae ring 'be baa been engagM to seme '-reasonand tumble" hghta,aad itatsaid baa oaplajeu great ifVi kn— aad gam«- B«>9. Soti-.e few years ago be * i * a&t^be'l to ugat Gvrrga Leeae, after m e deieat oi the latter by Phil Clare, bot ine aflkir ntier came to anything.The present match wiib ^ribnus doea not originate from am paraonal anim*>a.>y (ior both men ai«*f t aav« been, a*<i tu'A are, on trie west :rien<ily t»*rm?), m;t sol»ly out af the atspaard question of superiority to the pugilistic art The match na. ma ie in J u w y inat, aad tne fol- lowing m a copy of too artiak*:—After gettiDg the best of it, the triendfi of the premimBd4 li prevents almost entirely tbe ocsurrenoe of Wm uttr«Ldtearof<it t(•*.6 it provides a syriem of organization, by which tbe whole Fter rept'trrer t of a city m brought into eummuDi- cation with a s ngle centre, receiving Itaectloos from uii* centre, either b\ ibe bells or s'gnal box'f, ana t imaxicl-caurgback »t>it by a Orgerley,which,Ina»ld>LenW tbe o axk. is place d in every signal box6 T' estah»i*b*e uniform time throughout tbe Cry. as the bou»s of 12 V aad 9 er io p tt. are de'.Iy struct from tte certrai i fl.i* en all the beiia.7. The it«<ien'a) proterUtnaga*nstdamage'roraatetos- phcrtcelee-tricitt.or lighioins. by the network of wirca spread ever tLe city , la a matter of no small impflrtacceTHE TRIAL.In partnsrtce of sn invitation extended to the Com-»nt> f"cujicil? actestiflc senticmeB. members of the press and others. 4 select sucience asseSJBted \Atammany Hall yesterday afternoon, at three o'clock, to listen to the ex- planations of Mr. J N. Gameweli. one of tbe proprietors, and witness ite nxoiv* orerantH of the system. In order to convey a clear idea ot tbe working of the alarm toi«- grapb, cne portion of the room was made to represses- tbe City Bail, or <-*nrra!statin of the department, white otherpartsrepresenteettbedifferenttoceJtoraoftbeett£; and here waa located tbe apparatus which antomat:-egpo«ei of aamtagtaebte onthesameda* of thaipi*oe aad time of ngkateg, if(he aforesa'd hereby attaah H> WILSON,had gono down from London by the early tram, bim. From reading the article oa Heenan'a arrest, onethat BNicholas Bterbaak, aged B9 years, while _H?^BV_5i1,>ir' *wBismol and tttowards hisbead, fired; the ball It seems nearly cuttherttBt'r aflpresent. ». ^.j »c r~r— —-tbetjseem whichit ta propevedtoIstrodee*• «*» * £ bts been in operatKn In IV*ton Wght years, » sa. L«"» twe OTthree, end its fntrodoctlon ta already tjsfi'JJ*TMr , t^ in 're. e*tj of V ew Orleans Whett-r t»ta-pr'-jM'» ,t-*rt erStsbere In favcr cf lr^ present ar-«n«e»ena r-sr br <ven cme and the t e w ryttem aco;.ud tasttaa re-m*U t io be sten.upoa.caused by a tiark en the roof. " f ^ >Inxa » HAj.ucB._On Monday night, shortly after tea o'clock, a fire broke out In the dwelling house of Archi- bald Watts, on the corner of Eighth avaaaa aad 198thcount af it below.Judging from the numerous taterrogatoriee propoundedby many in tba Park, tba system ta act wall andCeLts r a e t« bappea to the wires to irforaietie n of the event could be convey*to cor piete a picture already !TMmJ**£7^ ^to bo aajaa. weight The money w o a Or M t b y a f a t e s t a a d u » n g b i ttrferecee. tba rwibraa tobavatsairate s office was thronged. Several of Seenaa"a friends Lansbam's despatch (first abownito ) not credited to m t !by Then. Turner s s a bakery and dwelling. Damage toAs bas already been stated In our columns, all the de-tails of tbe apparatus are not yet completed, so that theball is now only operated for the purpose of experiment. n gectctis contrivance upon the lace of »cteek, *» •» AS toon a s the srrangements are perfected for the formal ai: t;m< sallorcs iLdubitsble evidence whether be nee orBJtXRt OBIBBTBT. Both awn trained in the S U M tocality, Gnbbln taking no h a quajvra at Davil PoUock's, the Pavilhob Hotel,article referred to also says "that if any persons to blame ta tba matter, they were Heenan himself Ms companions, Fa'kland aad McDonald." Verycupied by James Spencer as a toy store and dwell- by ernotice will be given to that tnVci.THE FIRE ALARM TEIJBGRaPH.WHAT TT IS AKD WTItBB IT CAME FROM—WHAT ITBsrcnid bedene. Even theomtasiraof ^ JfJ"rll-hrecorded oa tbe face ef this uufb^eUtog *«5P»?*!' w*£n 1ltatobe msTf o*»d once m every twenty four hours by tae chief cf the(itpatintent. „ a.MWal\ hala tte coujaVcf the explanations of Mr ^ w * 1 ' TM perfciaed a great number tg expersnentti to show bow s l n x i t ibttsi ateoSAly be TM«'^'iTr^ZZlt? every Qt-srirr of the city, and «t^^l£LnSsltSleat whiletbeWbodt biaaBotel.looked after brought teto•x*»waa a]lwaya :forth from hat own The former was attendedstarted far the country again, to wear off some of theNew York Equitable Insurance Company. The fire It Is supposed, originated Irom a spark on the roof.l i s *dsy afternoon a firs was discovered on the roof of thePROPOSE* TO ACCOMPLISH—IT8 TRIAL CE88 IK OTHER CITIES— TAMMAKT BALL OF SCIENCE, ETC.AKD BTC- THE HOMEfixed at Ave doUara a head, aad taa number of tiofcate ', eachthataamber Itwtof .bat aa a»Bt aa> WaB, awtef tefet Of IstM WfaOte safllaiT, tt prOTftd fUUldV A*large number of pereoaa who seldom attend peineaad(lieaaajorityofwbom,tedaed,wareonthlaqocaaioaB^te^^rffllrioatv t.wittteas tehat IBsflr IbvPnevarseen Ibefore, s reguUr Jjjg' ^jj^tffyRIn the aaase town for being that the arrest waiefh man named Cook, a .**>>tey*a"y Macdoaaldtowatch• """f" • «•»»tbaysboaldgetstreet. The buildmg aad its contents were totally dev generally understood by tba people teto whose midst wiutys_Stra*s."fl£°sIt Inproposed to introduce it Thattbereadersofthe HERALDmay be abb) to except themselves from this cate- gory, we give the following isssEipatoa of the wholeGENERAL DESCRIPTION OFTHE SYSTEM.Tba system, taken asa whole, ta simply a mechanicalunderstood the fight would toko place. There wars somebut it will make no difference, as I am well, and will ba ready on ths day mentioned, la haste, yours,I. C. HEENAN. WTEBVIEW BETWEEN SAYgRB AHD HEENAN.[From the Liverpool Mercury, April 10.]One day last weak, tbe champion of America went toNewmarket, and, by a singular coincidence, while be wsa on the platform there, Sayers came np by the Bury tram. Seme one present with tbe American s t once pointed o u t Sayers to btm, sad " Jonathan," with a polite bow, Intro- duced himself to Tom. The meeting was most cordial. Tom left the train, and both proceeded to Newmarket, there to enjoy a chat, and there to enjoy tbe thus formed new acquaintance.Sayers, too, has been well bunted b y the police, but b e has, b y quiet behavior , and b y a settled residence, ©s- caped from them.tude, ss indicated by their chronometersThis time ball is visible from nearly say part of thebay. aad navigators will have ibe opportunity not only of observing how much their chronometers differ from the time tbey ought to indicate at thia point, bnt also, by dally observation, to note whether the instruments con- tinue to indicate the same dtffereace day after day; be caose tt Is of tbe utmost importance tbat a navlga'o- kbonld know whether his chronometers ate Voting orseining even tbe fraction of a second a day.For the benefit of tbote wbo feel Interested ta the mechatical arrangement by which this result to aaaaassstsa- ed, w e append a brief description of the very simple but efficient machinery which has been erected an tbe Cue tornBousebytbeMtesra.T.andJ.M Chester,efthis city, s firm generally known to those interested ta the telegraphic operations of the day.tare pugtltate ©saeeauantly remain* undecided. Tbe check. There waa very little choice m the toss, but as it in London, and found him Immersed In a pile of corres-friends of Grlbbta were very sanguine of hla ability to was, Wilson won tt At 17 minute* past 6 A. II. Gribbinwas, aa ha luannstiirl great advantages to height and threw his cap in the r u g : In a few seconds thereafter Wilson followed suit Wilson was seconded by Harrypond* nee numbering tome three or four hundred letters,asking for information as to the time and place of the tangle of "reach over b a oppeneat The superior eoedi- Laxnrua and Johnny ttonahan; Gribbin by Oon Foley and fljiht, and requesting to be 'booked" for plaoes. EveryStoe af WIBMB, however, enabled hlffl to protract the eon- Jack Bath, bis t-asnerlast until the abore result was produced, and It w u the The next order of business was choosing of umpires. BTibbot selected 8cotty of Brooklyn, and WUaoa. Johnnyday for a week past, Mr. Dowling Informed me, be badreceived about the same number of communications eptoton of many experienced judges la Blatters pngilaWia Roach. The Referee was a well known sporting man of While In his cffloe he showed me the Champion's belt,About twenty-five feet back from tbe extreme end onA aore detailed detortptioa will sow be gives ef taathat he woald hare ultimately woo if the referee had not taterfered and stopped further proceedings.Aaa sketchafthedofagaofthetaomeninthe aria* ring wffl doabtteaa b e af iatereat to a large por- tiaa af oar readers, w a five the sobptaed history ofMew Yotk.At the call of time bath men seemed to eager to get totheir wot 1, Gribbinappearstobeawellmadenana,butwtthotltdoubt is afflicted with an affection of the i^C,.". un Seems to peaaaas game enougb, but hia blows are ineffectual—he cannot pcnieh. So far aa hia sparing abilities are con eerned be ia a much belter man man hie opponent, butGribbin was alow, laggy and pointless; while ble adver-sary was active and stubborn. Wilson does not possess practical exemplification of the beauties of the ''mealythe quality of a fighter, although he evinced considera art " A shield upon It is is left blank for the name'of tbeble gamenesa in this encounter. He la well butt and possessor when be shall have acquired a full title byshear wogiltaiK achievements —Benry Gribbin, who la a native of the Emerald Iale, still be appears perfectly incapable of strong tignting.¥fca Labor Movement.essay.1 forty setxnrd Round —Similar to the last1 forty Jkird a*unu —A few blows from Wilson, and theother man down.f V Twty fuurtk. Thirty- fifth, fhirtysitth, lhirtyse-IVT!.'4'ind1forty-eighthallrnnwed Wilson tobethebeat man, and on tba l&et named round Gribbin certain'y went down w'tboct a blow, with cries of "foul."Tbe leit of the nn.tJs. up to ftity nine, were decidedly te lavor of Witeuo, but the rsferee now entered tbe ring,lorgitg to the Tient Company. After searching the out though the frequent recurrence of brisk storms of windNEW YORK^HERALD, WggygSI^Y, APRIL 25, im~TMgLl_ mEET.penoaatedhy h a friends to go oa board. Tae men them the ttsae oa ems seeouat at least It extends sll overITS OBJECT ABB MODS OF OMRATION- DBSCRIPrJON Tbf fire alarm sad pastes 1 lrgiault mnishta tanwaltaTljwhenVfjlsonletgohiatoftandgottoonGnbbin'smouth,causing a split, and the blood to flow. (First blood forWilson ) Sungfng under this treatment, Gribbin struckout with his right and left, but tat ed; recovering, h e ral-lied on hia man, and by a chance ahot knocked his op-ponent off his pins. (First knock down for Gribbin.)This round, although a long one, lasting four minutes,was by no means a severe one. Both men seemed afraid from to day to be able to inform you that the muter has of earh other.If the workmen Join together tbe bosses will accede totbeir request, a s it would b e a benefit to both parties. Themeettngwssheldat361 Broomestreet,andthe following tfnoers presided—Charles F . Oxley, President:small diameter would be subject when tbe ball, midway of its height, might be strongly pressed against it by the wind.Tbe ball le six feet ia diameter, and weighs, perhaps,Sttond Ri-und—Wilson came up on thai round very been brought to a decision.ry, and after their approval several committees appoint- braced rigidly by iron bars and posts of wood, extending direction, and embrace cue two or Ave bell towers, e-J.The Ccmmlttee on By Laws asked for two more mem- from collar to collar, parallel to tbe mast aad axes of tbe as Ibe rase may be, and so o n The opsrahose bers, who were to bo moulders, so as to equalize the ball. Around its equator pastes a ring of wood, teto of these clrettta are all, however, connected at the-much exr.i'ad, and going over to Gribbin 'a comer cloaed with him near the ropes, and striking out wildly, fell by amisa (Cheering by Gribbin's friends.)IWrd Riund—Gribbin was now bleeding profusely from the nose and mouth. Wilson, encouraged, want to work in earnest, and hit, although not a line ahot, aa near Che S^nic bead as was necessary, and with a right bander under th* Wft jaw of his opponent, Gribbin went to grass.ADDITIONAL NEWBPAPEB ACCOUNTS. [From Derby letter of April 6, in the Manchester Examiner ]John Heenan, tbe American pugilist, whose name(through his being matched to fight Tom Sayers, the English champion of the priz? ring.) is as familiar as bvusebold words, Is In the safe custody of Mr. Hilton,tra^e.The following persons were granted:—Mr. Curran andMr Uillany.Tfc« Cohitailttee on Rooms, Arc, reported that they hadsecured a large room ta Military Ball, to the UOWeTy, to be used each week, at a rent of $16 per year.which all the ribs are morticed. The whole is covered with canvass, forming a perfect sphere, and is painted red. >?»-^It was manufactured by Mr. Eginton, of Albany.It Is almost unnecessary to add that the ball plays be tween the truck or crcestreee, acd the collar to which the lower guys are attached.C'ntrai s<atien. so tbst any aigeal box <ai> cominunioate Its intelligence to tbe centre, o&d all the belie oa the va- ncr,f» ctrcuitf caa be struck at once, If desired, from the eeitre.Tbe F". fti m Is called into rreration. ta ease of are, by sppiyirg to tte nearest signal box, of wmcb there should seoiewitbm one hundred yards of every house in theUtia wan his last app»iaraxc9 in the English prize ring, aabe abort'y afterward {migrated to this count-y. Here he F-vrth Jry«n4-Wilson eyitlSill; gjUlfie sinmgw ID* head constable of Derby. The details of his apprehensionTheir report was adopted, and the evening for holdingmeetings was ret down for Tuesdays of each week. A Tbe wooden frame in tbe room below the roof, to cly. Tbe signal box Itself 'is a beavy cast iron cottageremainedforsomeyearsailuatrtouslypursuinghisbast firmeron h»Ira*,forcedtbe fighting. Gribbin getting areasronow:—swat (that of a sawyer;, his civil and -valet denvuior wfsk.ee*Oitd tobe cautious and shy. Wilson struck On Thursday afternoon lsst, Mr. Clarke, a detective out with his left and again felled bis antagonist. officer of the Leicestershire constabulary, arrived in Dormotionwasmadetopublishthenightsofthemeetingsin wlithwehavealludedassupport-tigtbefootofthemast, elspedbox,attachedtoibesideofabouse,oroaapole,ci.tos!fe agg£ lamp, andctn.mnE'.caiirgb) wires, enclosed in S wioeigbt-irre b'P*- wi b tbe signal enrcutt overhead. Tbe box is locked, but a sign tells where the key is found In the Immediate vtciplty : or a pottos offl c>r or a wa'xbnran can furebb the key. On open ltg tte dcor a crank ta seen within On turn lrg tbis the number, not only of the district,•600 aside. Thla offer was at oeoe accepted by the lat- powerful blow. Gr'bbin seemed ready to receive him lice constable. ?t!lia, and tbe I^'jeStershlre offlear,general, assembled last evening at 160 Hester street, forthe purpose of taking measures to petition for the en- The other end passes up through a metal guide ta thscffi, e alarm bell la struck to give notice to the operator. Facb signal box is arte furaisbed with a telegraphic key for police purposes, and by a simple set of signals aay police man caa communicate w: h tbe central staton from anyanoeverypartofIbecity. Wemtysupposetbat the fire is signalized frrm station or box five, ia ebttatetter, whose friends were confident cf his ability bot slipped and fell.to" lake down" the new Importation. Beth men went Tenth Hound.—only a few passes were shown In thisprcccetftd in a trap to Trtni lock- They arrived there about one o'clock on Friday moraine, and put up at Deacon's public house, where tbey remained until A ve o'clock. At that hour they sained out, and proceeded to ibe Savigation l i n , Trent Lock, which is kept b y Mr.K>oe TheriveT Trent ferry man let them teto the house, and they at once pleated themselves at the bottom of the stairs, aad asked to see ths landlord. Mr. Kioecame.and tboy asked bim if Heenan was not In his bouse. He re- plied that h e knew nothing about him, excepting that b e was there on the evening previous, bnt bad gone somesurface.into active training, and tbe stekea were regularly depv sSted at the stated panels with the steaehol lev. Oa the anight of the last deposit the representatives of the two saea teased far ehoioe of ground, and Parker, being the winner, named Navy Island aa (ho piaoe. Both men aad their backers wast to Canada, bat a dispute arose in con-round. Wilson evidently having things all his own way. FJo-n'h Hi ur.d.—tiribbin came up with renewed vigor and actually seemed aa if ho Intended mischief. A few exchanges, in which Wilson received soma severe bodyblows, caused him to fall weaktwelfth it**ml.-Gnbbin got decidedly the best of thisround. Be tought his man ta the corner, and to the close both fell together.forcement of the ordinance relating thereto. Upon mo tion, Mr. Isaac Williams took the chair. He said he wished there waa more interest taken ta thla matter by storekeepers. Tbey did not realize how much their Inter eats were affected b y these street hawkers. H e believed tbote in tbe upper part of tbe city were not aware that a movement waa ta progress to stop It. Mr. Weeks said that many thought this movement wsa sn effort of the rich to oppress tbe laboring men, and prevent his obtaining a livelihood. On the contrary it was an effort ou the part of the real laborers to protect their rights Tbe paid ers wbo go about the streets selling so cheaply most either be better buyers than the storekeepers, or else they sell sn inferior article. The truth of the matter hi they do selLan ir Icier article, for if they could buy to such gond EuivtuBtagethey would aet up a store s s the most sure way of disposing of their goods. It was moved tbat a earn- mxfee ot live be appointed to draw up a remenstrancemore in consonance with the views of dealers than tbe present one This remonstrance to be circulated for signatures, and offered to the Common rourc.il ol the c'ty. Isaac Williams, Joseph Haigbt J. H. W*ek?, 0. Gams, and Jobn Johnston wpre appointed as mth committee. The meeting then adjournedTaa CirAiiNG or THESTREETS—During the week end-ing lsst Saturday, the sum of $6,200 was expended by theCity Inspector in cleaning the streets—a considerable ae-roof to the brass ring, forming the lower end of tbe ball Hence, i s this wheel ta revolved to the right or to theleft, tbe ball ia caused to rite or fall.Tbe wheel is not fattened to the shaft, bnt turns uponsequence of the Parker party changing the fighting groundj.rested against the next wheel—which together with the conical dross, is firmly fastened to the abaft—fit tnw cor r> speeding teeth prejeettag from its opposing side.A simple mechanical contrivance separates or forces these wheels together st will, so that the wheel or drum carrying the rope may instantly be made to revolve In- dependently or all the other machinery, er te become lig'r ly attached to, and form part of the other wheel, which turns only with the shaftThis latter wheel has a diameter several inches greater than tbat of tbe first, to tbat Its rim projecting, allcws a pin to psss through it is a direction parallel to its sxis of motif n, open either end of which are rollers, When the position of this wheel Is tnch that these rollers ore ta a line bciizontal with the centre of tne wheel, tbey may rest upon the top of a swinging bar or detent, which, when tUrnling perpendicularly, prevents tbe wheel from turn lrg further in that direction, but which when pulled slightly outward, allows the rollers to pass, and the wheel with sil its attachments to moveA little absve the bottom or biz ge of this swinging bar is a solid block of iron, which iorms the armature of a powerful electro magnet, the face of which is placed op-fAtrteenfa RtM*d —An excellent round was now fought,• Sltsal the consent or knowledge of the opposite side each fnan teething to pride himseifiopoa his mettle. where to bed Two or the officers—Sergeant LowndeeAceordtogly, Gribbtn and bis seconds weat to ifavy elasd, tLe placed *rst fixe 1 upon, while Parker and h a mods proceeded to Point Abiao The men consequently never met in the ring, and both claimed the wakes. The mauer was (or some lima a abeyance, but at last the takerholder. through the Influence and intimidation ofVery bard hrts were exchanged, Wilson getting the best on the "cross counters "The ftorunuk, Fyfieattk and Sixteenth Rounds ware et tirely In favor of Wilson. Hia toft seemed sure, aad the betting chaeed with odds in his favor.and police constable BaQam—then proceeded up stairs to Heanan's bedroom, bnt the bird was flownseat (bed through tbe room, but only bis shirt.•and wetotecat could be found, they being on a chair by "the side of tbe bed. They, however, bad an interview with O'Donneil and two Americans, one of whom saidhe had only arrived to England on the day previous. They all three denied any knowledge of his whereabout*,ai •! alter searching all the rooma up stairs, the officers relumed down below. Just as they bad got down stairs, a man named HenTy Jackson, wbo lives at the Lock House on the Trent bank, came into the bouse with a note, written in P« acil. for O'Dor-nell, and which be pave to the landlord.Th* &.r-.nttfnth, atykfceafh, JvaaetseatA aad tteenatsfk all seemed to favor Wilson. tba one getting strong, while Yankee Sauivaa, who wss pecuniarily mtereetsu in the hts antagonist seemed weak. At the close of the lastmatch give up tne -uiv»8 to Parker, to tne mamfeai in- round Grbbin struck, but did not reach, and falling, aji^nce of untobtn The ma."m was n-«er renewed, as Parker soon after st jwei s>mptoma of that disease, con aumpticn, which ultimately proved fatal to him.claim of foul waa made, hut not allowed.1ivnty Jint and Tutnty stxend —Gnbbin down, withoutmceivlng much punishment.Uribbm's next tuaiah waa with the notorious Joe Oa-vbarn, who is now dumg Uw State amvice at smg Sing for up to and patfcg htm on tbe back. (Loud cheering,)'-sbbirg a (K-lii-eman iu this city. Oobarn bad long held|b r>'f>:iaknn aa a. aparrer, and nad shown gaod seventh, Tioeiify tiuhth, Twenty atats aad thirti:Uiy were iqoalitleaInbipr.TIOOBQgntwitaElPrloe,ofBos- allevidencesofWilson'sprowess,Gribslnhavingbeenmitted.'test as a mere matter of form, and to look upon defeat aslumty third found—Both came to the score very The police were sll in plain clothes, and Sunt. Shaw saidto Ja<£Eon, "What have you been at?" aad he replied, "It is tomttbiig from Heenan.'' The note was, "lam waiting for my shoes st the lock House ; O'Donneil to bring them down directly " Tbe officers then proceeded to the Lock House; but Jackson refused to let them In without a search warrant, saying he was positive that lief tan was not th?re, and that he would not let any one go up ?tiirs, as he bad a ceal of valuable propefty be-•nrach exhausted Gribbin bit ont sad fell, Wilson going Tie naen-'y/ewtA, twenty Jt/A, Twenty sixtk, TwentyBayers professes to took upoa the coming concalled to any opon Mr. DowHug, the editor of Sea's l\<iwhich was confided to his keeping on the day tbe Isst deposit was trade^ and which he is to re- taintodelivertothewinner.ItIsofmassiveandheavily wrought silver, with the arms of England te the centre, the British Lion at one end and the insignia of friendship —two clasped hands—at the other, while one of the sec- tions oontains an engraving of two pugilists engaged ia aabovetbetopoltheroof,sadissurmountedbyaniron truck, composed of four arms or brackets, extending bori- sentaliy three rest from the meet and m directions verti- sal to etiCb other,theproperprotectioncttbecitymayisajsadFrom the central station at the City Ball wires are caused to vit-tt every part of tbe surface of a city retarn tag again, connected with tbe s%aalUtag and alarm anaa-The"sportingpapers"hereallIntendpdihshingspe- cial editions, containing descriptions of the fight- Enor- mous quantities of these have already been ordered ta advance, some fifty thousand copies of BeU's Lift having been called for by the news agents. I hope by s weekFrancis A . Streeter, Secretary, and W m . P . Thomson, three hundred ponndaTreasurer. It is composed of a number of ribs of ashwood, beatgttoatg far him a boat af (Head* Tkt Fifth, Sixth and Seemth Rounds were very similar nv, armed with a warrant for the apprehension of Bee-Io the spring of 1864, Jem Parker, a well-known to the fi.^rth. A lew blows were hit, and Gnbbtn went nan, it being understood tbst tbe celebrated pugilist. to te.ipiiri,mi nt a vote of thanks was given to the reoorter the mast is tangential to the periphery of the first wheel.Engash boxer, arrived in New York, and was immediate- down each Sme. with hts trainers, were located at Trent Lock, near of tbe HETULD, and also to the HKRAXJ> for the Interest it ly taken in band by Yankee Sullivan, who, at that tone, B\g\0i BmiTul.—Both men seemed to reel the fatigue, lawley, which divtries tbe counties of Derby and JJeoes b«s taken In the working clasaes, and the manner InAround this wheel passes a very flexible Iron rope,which was manufactured by W. H Chester, of halt inchin diameter ard composed of some three hundred strandsof fine wire. This performs all the work of elevating bot of tbe box itself, is instantly comuawntestsJaac' - **^og spirit among the pogi'iatlc and sporting fra- and were wary of each ctber. A good many Ineffectual ter. Tbe Leicestershire officers got the warrant backed by ternity of thla city. Parker, who bad fought thrice In blows were passed, and both men seemed not onlylog a Derbyshire magistiate (Dr. Heygate, aad at Bagland. was anxious for what his brother profeerioMrk wesry but''g"'pgv." A vacant stare pcrvaded the eoun- ten o'clock en Thursday night Superintendent Shaw,teaance of Gilbbtn, and in tbe rally both feO together. or the Derby divfcion of the county conttabuwhich it has advocated their caose.City Intelligence.and lowering the nail, one end of the rope sasstag up through the hollow mast over s pally bung between the plates, forming one of tbe crosttree arms, andto tLe ceti'rai station, and the longer ibe erenk Is taraed4 0 o more repetitions of tbe same sigcaie are given Tbeas S'tnale are received and recorded at the centra1 station byTBX OiTQSrno? jo STjmj, PintunG —A Small number tares "a ]ob " and h<>, accordingly challenged Qribbin for A W/ifif-uneL—Wilsonlunged with h a left and g«t in a lary, ataompanted by Sergeant Lowndes and po- of Storekeepers ahd others opposed to street peddling indown cuttide to the ball where it is attached to the upper a Voire rr rtber register, at tbe same time that a call orplace, which, together with the principal figbUng lo the road be had a grod ceal of "obaff" with tbe officers, and daccr <l vile stuff in the market. Col. Delavan is endea ring, and the dozen outsidh melees. It was interesting in- threatened to smash Sergeant Iowndes' nose, to which voring to do hia best towards remedying this evil; bat deed to the spectators. There were, at this time, proba tne Istter replied that no American could do it. He also people must not, on that account, relax their own blv some thirty persona fighting at once. During SheObservatory, operatirg through a relay magnet, charges tbe larg* mttriet, tbe detent Is forclby Jerked frcm beneath tbe rollers, and as the ball descends tbe sbaft revoiviug ?hc spring cord is wound up in the spiral groove, uron t cotr-tartly increasing diameter,and is unwound frem tbe sprirg drum, thus winding up the spring. Hrrce, the resistance opposing the descent of the ball will be giaduajly and uniformly increasing, until the resistance ol ibe sprier j«tt batenos tbe weigbt of the ball. Ibis tension ran be rea/iiir adjusted so tbat the ball can be srrt-pied tt ai.) romt uj.on the mast desired, wtth- out t t e ball er mi;L:ner^ encoustarlLg any sudden check or jerk—ss If It fell upoii cufebioLB or springsIt is not tLe time occupied in/lalling wbicb indicates rccD,but tbe <nttart df startlngr Hence it is desirable tba' ltsbould Ua,i irjsi*n!arjfc0us!y from tbe top of the •sari. srd,reveifirg tbe natural law of momentum,should descend with constantly decreasir.fr velocity uo,tii it %af,rwThis ftklien Is atiaWd D? attaching a short hot power- ful rpring of au,l plates, wbich wi 1 give it the first im- pulse in cooeestion with i s rwn gravity, but which will operate only through tbe first two or three teet of Its descrnt, when it becomes detar.bed, and the coiled^prtng,that be would have been beaten ITthe fight had continualanifLaa or Aantxny.tn B r m u 9urav. na'sma or mach raster. Wilson, though of undoubted game, will •(istiate, who immeoiately ordered bis removal toK«wYIKS "iTYISDJi.wiaWJIHOB,orWaasuaaan—The said tKory urtobm agteea •# aebi UiesaM aawlr WUeoo a Ian staai* no t/hx, aeetrdini totha new nilea cf the Lo' don bier >hj whicb <n* aa-i parieaaautnallyaarea to be bouoi), lor 114 sum of BTBhciidred ,$* i, <foil*-s a aide, aid tlitt the said deposits be daiy uuda U the foiluWitM bouaea. vis —Iba fimdeoo.it. 3ft6i> a aide at ia* louse af Jaaee M*»»ev. 24iJ* •e-wery; the leeoad d»p-att. of gM) a aid*, at the houae irfJ j p . » MaaUpef. US Ceuiraatreet, oa Tbural *j, J an uarj 1», ws» taa third «e*ce*. of tSti a aide at the toaseof dearyGrtbbl of IUteetth aoaat aad rim aseaoe. on taari- dajId I.taef!ourthdapom,of160aa>aa.attaaIquarters Hewasatonceconveyedtotheheadci bit's, wterebe is at present comfortably located. He will be brought up befrre f*e county msgistrates at oleven o'clock tomcrrow (Saturday) morning.DKINAN'S OFFICIAL ACCOtTJST. [From the Clipper.]LoifDox, April 7, IBM. FI.IIOR CurriR —My letter Is dated at London, but badt f w a O'B:IsaidBenlamInstead,itmightconveytoyournumerous receivedstepswillbetakentosecuretheproperty alreadydcscrib€\l,b»ginsgraduallytoarrestitsmotion.KiTraeoaadstreet, batwaaa JUevenikreaders a faint idea of the feelings of Its Inhabitants yes- Ift-AD BODT 0» A WOMAS ForvT) FtOATIXO IS THE N'OKTU terdayanothis morning. Tbe hubbubIsimmense,sadIf from any stretching or clipping of tbe rope, whentie ba'1 Is raited to the top of the mast the rollers on tbe cally received fhe alarm and conveyed it to- sag' areuue aad F>TU seeocd straat, oa ihuraUv siarab 16; lb- navana dee oak of 160 a aid*, at the inuee of Heart Griboia. on Thuradar, March 21, the atghtb danostt at Kd- wto Wfiaon'a Wcedblne Betel. Weehawkw, aa Th-uaiay, April»; tae aratb and One! depcatt at the bouaa of Jamas Maa-asw van Bower?, an thnrada? April IS The dapoaba to baasksad ia the baadb «f the saal atakeholdar wtiain twanty fourb'urs after bateg daposttad The lafarea ti be mutaalivc a w s aa the gsenad, uaieaa prertmialy agraad upoa. to aabtaa Toeadaj. Aorti la, MHO m Caaada, the ootat near Buffalo considerable state of commotion, and when the "Boyvsecond wheel fail to come into such position aa to rest upon tbe citect, the wheel around which the rope ia wound is 'aliened from turning by a break, the two wb«ils aru fepr*rated, as before described, allowing tbe wheel, on which are the rollers and tba fusee, to be tinLOU io their positions, tbe two wheels are again pttrged together, the brake removed, and tbe whole In readiness to be set in motion by the arrival of the elec- trical spark.ail Ibe perttrr«s of the pitce. Badiaung from this apparatus in various direct**» wsre two sate ot wawty OLB set ctLVd signal wires, connecting wBh four ssgaal boxes in different parts of the hall, and a fifth several hundred vards d¥tant in the Park-tbe object being to represent tbe marner In wbicb Intelligence of a fire » imrrer lately communicated fr<»wi any part of a city to the antral station: and the other set, called alarm wires, ooDsectmg »rth four alarm bell* of different sues ta tee bail, anc a nrb erected In tb. Park for the ext-erimeat,to tbe house of the Head Constable, ha waa followed by ahuge crowd anxious to catch a glimpse of the Illustrious,FIKB ra CAMUKB STREET—Between ten and eleven o'clock yetterday morning, a fire broke out on the roof of the frame boildiag No.bCarminestreet. Thefirewasbetweenlhahoursof SaadSP.aL hat rather inhospitably treated, stranger 166Ra.weightoathedayof flght-sna'aw iaBdwiatetw hatharaaanceofnQrtbhmorafriend AthisexaminationoaSaturdaymorning,tbamagis lbtoday'sissueofBell'slifeyouwillfindtheesprofsoonextinguished.Thebuildingtaownedsodoccupied apaoaarted aw hia o t i o b a g i r e n Op o iThe time ii oicated will, of course, be that of the longitude of tbe ball, aad not tbst ot Albany.exactsad people had come from all parts of the country about Derby for the purpose of witnessing the proceedings.After tbe sureties were signed Heenan left the court with his friends sad came up to London the same eve-to. they afterwards telegraphed to an srqnatntsslSjl ture, in the Park Insurance Company. The adtoingentlemanly I moat say, from the accredited sporting ning Here Heenan remained until Moadaw, when he (•per cf Ecg.and. Heenan came here a stranger, withthe svoweo rurpcee of doing battle with the champion of flesh which bad accumulated la the four orfivedays he England. McDt nald was sought, from his reputation ofbeirg cte of the cleverest men In England, as his mentor hadbeengoingstHa. He kept himself veryquiet while The tery mrmeat the latter put hts eyes on theBay he?!*Lr^f^« !? *°»•"»•****»«*». Insured for $1,440 on stooa sad $600 oa furniture, ta thethe two opponents wornfriendly bora, remaining most of the time within doors, but made np bis mtod he would win, and be has backet bimt o 1 3 6 n t t i*?Xa£?S!?a -The announcement in some of the papers tbat tbe bell In the Park would be rung by telegraph on Monday drewiynumberof engine ^ ^ I ^ T l isrtrreU, rr any nn_other. AsIti ha ooaauerable difficulty showed himself to a few persons, who were auxirxm to" sttendanton tba see him for business purposea, aad who report him to boneaviiy He took hia man to a very quiet aad beautiful «(**, where no other flphting man bad ever trained be'*••*• « » w>of was burned off before the flames were extingniebed. No 187, ad-and have Ibem on their wsv to the exact locality of the andV^tvee.; bells struck, con" in theSB rnartetad ayttm taaaeaa. •*»•"?•«• •*» qrnvwaa avantaalte For Uie pwpoae of preraattag ma h j j anexcellentcondition,"barring"tbefactthathat gnsrnht must have interfered consMerab'ywith bis regular reduction of flash aad hardening o.Falkland s a d MscdsaaM, s a d Heeoan much blamed for not having taken advice than to go into Derby to train, as tba people of that county haws been very much by riotous proeeedinga which have taken place It was oaky a few weeks smos thatJotatog, was also damaged. Both buildings were damaged together quite a number of people at different hours of f re dtarw ^ ^ 1 ^ ^ ^ t ^ m ^ ^ 1L *TM*y*"v •*SiSteburyfanciedHeenanforhit mr£Z'XBEt,££,£!L$?5 Tbff ^ ownedbyjSa theday,tohearandsee. Buttheyworedoomed Se«*tltrely bv• Intelligenceforthe oBthetssathi ashoutanbeer,andwereevideatlyregarded**J *: It maybe p'OpertoacetAm earte af abauwd twsnssa ares* - - - -'-._—_« _._ wwTM es utroulaaoB a«n« arrtst. sas of whloh waa that te'Jersfor Bat Bawaawa «r —tongoeIntwoandtoggedamongthearteriesof theimck. contrivance setta operation by electric telegraph Itsraid m at he had sever signed any agreement to fight:a>ers. therefore hla apprehension was illegal. Ha also••aid he could "lick any Englishman," to which Lowsjdes.ipliet "thai be would be a poor Englishman that could Sisters of Mercy hss been placed In the store of William not ik'K him." He rtmarked, "1 have been removed»wti-e, and y e t they do not attempt to take Savers, whileI b»ve bem hunted about like a dog." Bis arrival inDerby about ten o'clock this morning caused quite a sen- of charge. It will be disposed of by subscription Twofit'on, «r>dtbefrcctoftbeTownHallwasbesiegedbv a 4*Lsemcb. After be bad been in the lock up a abort time, ho was visited by Mr. H. P Giaborne, a Derby mathousand subscriptions, one dollar each, will add to the aieter's treasury for the poor, and thus meet the end In- tended by the Holy Father, while some one will be the fortunate possessor of aa csquaite gem of art, mneti en- hancedbytbedonor.PKOI-OCTD NEWPROCCCTEXCHANGE— It is contemplated by several of our merchants to purchase the Mead pro- perly, bochdad b y Whitehall, Pekrl, Mooro and Water streets, for the purpose of building a new Produce Ex change. Subscriptions are already being taken up towaHa effectirg th s object, ano when $125,010 shall have bteonevermakeagoodfighter,andweImaginethattorthe future his nmbitlos. will not take this direction.THE INTERNAHOHAL EIGHT.ALL ABOUT THE HEENAN AND RWEUSCONTEST.OUR 10KD0N C0BJ*ESrONt.E>-CB.near Twentieth street The bodv was secured 1>v a rope, end made fast at tbe foot of Eighteenth street dock Froa the appearance of the body, tt Is presnmed tt has been inLojrww. April n,!S<50.lie Arrest of Heenan—How Hit Arrest was Procured—At, o'clock yesterday (Good Friday), Mat Langbam called of a female was discovered floating ta the North river,turd Bnncrs—faj.tr j—7he line of the FiaH—TKt Ensile- at Derby, whiob read as follows:—Meat—The Champions Btll—tMri Editions, dbc.tba cause—the arrest of Jhbn C. Heenan. About o a a nprn me at my rooms, and showed m e a despatch datedBivxn—Last evening, about tight o clock, the deaiboJyFxiiMT, April 6 - 1 1 20 A M.The morning after hla arrest (of which yon heard by they have just apprehended Jobn C. Heenan at treat the water several oaya It waa reportod that tb«re w«rathe last mall), Hasata waa brought before a magistrateI.ocx, and get him in Derby lock up twenty minutes ago. I asked btm if there was not the least possible chance for his iUoimaat to he in error: but he assured me to tbe contrary, and remarked he would lay live to one the information was correct, and it was so. Awaymarks of violence about the head of tbe deceased, aad tt ma> turn cot to be another brutal murder. Several fe males have been reported to the police as missing ot !»te Detectives Young and Elder in whose chsrgo m.»»t of these cases are placed, are doing all In their power to ascertainof Darby, Dr. Heygate, for examination.whole of Friday the day of hla arrest, the town waa In aDnricg thewss removed from the lock up, where be was first placed, I rosted to tee Falkland, aad Informed bim of what I the- whereabouts of no less than four who have suddenlyTwe lires cf wire connect the machinery— one with theDudley Observatory. and the other with tbe office of Mr. weitblrg tfcirty hundred rounds Alarm wires were ata>bad beard. The color that but cheeks exhibited was anything but red, and I think Oaa might havataken him in one's hand (providing tbe band was targe enough) end squeezed him like a dish cloth. "After all cur trouble," be remarked, "they havegothim"disappeared.Hiiiiroiu, in tbe Exchange, wbowilloperatetbema cbtLcry, Irom time indicated br bis own regulato'S, in cure of any ercu'ent happening to tbe wires between this citv knd tbe lieuley tibservatory.ct-ni.eeted »:ih a number of small goaga, supposed to be m tti charrb* rs if tbe Chief Etgweer, bis aaataunts ss* tbe lotenen of entines, the purpose of wbicb was to give tbe slat mto them at the rams ta«tant tbat itta reeetvea at tfce central station There me«t always Se sn ope rator at tbe tecttal etatW*, cult ability on whose part,caution.THS CARXOpresented by his Holiness Pins IX. to theScb&us, WO Broadway, where persons may see It, thatgentleman having most kindly offered to exhibit it froatbe Custom House will b e pat Into operation, aad will contins* to indicate correct time thereafter b y dropping dailyat precisely noon. Though a private enterprise, com the tantral statin by the teach ef a single finger, snthouteflDlte arnouaoement fiom all ths sssantea and by all >be tt|nal boxes, ta thus, oa sa average, sot more than .nemtasto,* the pretew tame, sad often wtthta that tats.Tbe district s t e m , with kokeat men, rarely gives s a Storm until Use fire bss made sufficient progressto be ternfromIbehelltowers. TbaArealarmtoirgraaano- iifi-trte Sepastmeat wtthta one minute alter the disco- cevery cf a fire wholly confined wtthta a room or cellar, tau frequently bas lb s Fire rjepartaaead*brrived at tba scene of tanger before the flames are vitiate oateiae the I uiicii g Moreover, after the alarm ta actually given by tbe Ctetrtct alarm, the etginea are only directed te the district, wbicb may be a sstte or two square, and ta whrb tbev may run about for many minutes without AndiBg tbe fire. The Bra alarm telegraph, oa the other rand, directs the ergines to the dtatrtct by lbs beus, and to the sigcsl hex la tbe datria from which the alarm came,by taping its number, from time te time, te all tbe ttgnal boxes ta tbe city. Each engine bouse bas ausualboxattbedoor,anoaotatrictbelloeortothe- .house, tbe engtaes, therefore, amy always be beaded, from the ttart, to wtthta at team oaa buttered yardsofthe firs.The Star of Gvcnt ssys - T h e on dtt or the ring is thatthe international*prize fight betweea 8ayem and the Be- Wall street, a hollow iron mast, of four inches diameter, American Fire Ataimaad PohasT^agntph,taMs tnicia Boy will come off somewhere ia the Welsh circuit. passes through tbe ridge of the building, and rests upon parts.We have beard, oa what may be deemed good authority, a heavy wooden frame, raised two feet from the floor of A city Mfirst divided into four or more firethat the ground selected for this gladiatorial exhibition is the room below tbe roof. This mast rises about fifty feet sad the se are scbdmoed tato as many slfaa] staBom mi within20milesofNewport;hotwedonotvouchfortbacorrectness of the report.1bis truck le again surmounted by a topmast of smallerMEETING OF THE JOURNEYMEN BRASS FOUNDERS diameter, tome ten feet high, from the top of which to There wlf < s form tbe signal carcatta sad alarm stataas,AND FINISHERS. the extreme ends of the brackets extend iron rods sad and are carried over the houses, as the moattattyof A meeting of this trade was held yesterday evening, braces, and thence Iron guya are extended to four iron which they are supported by tnaaaatora hate te Brack- for tbe purpose of forming a Trade Union, to take proper bolts, firmly fastened m tbe stone wall of the building, to ets The wires, properly erected te a etty, are very give strength sad support to tbe mast rarely litetr opted frcm soy cause, and a e probabilityaction to eradicate many of tbe evils now existing among At a height of twenty feet from tbe roof is sa Iron col against tie iBterroptha of the two Correspondiag wires them,andtorequestthebossestoraisethepriceof work lar.towhichareattached asecond setof gays, passing bttwttn neighboringstations atthe sametameamountaAfter tbe meeting was called to order by tbe President, semiclrcutarly, and their ends meettng at, and being fas traverse tbe north part of a e'ty. and be eontieotod with the minutes of the last meeting were read by the Secreta- temed into, two solid rings of brass, through whicn the eight or b o signal boxes; another the south part, fcc mast passes as through loose collars These are tied aad An a'srm circuit may s'to extend north, or ta aaybe HERALD and tbe Sun; and, after making a col'ection '.'OB the members, they resolved to adjourn, to meet again on next Tuesday evening at Military Hall. Previousalso supports the hanger? of a shaft carrying two wheels and a (V.HC or conically shaped drum, around which winds a spiral groove. The shaft runs so tbat tbe axis ofit freely, as a loose palley. It is only kept from turning tfcree The operator at the centre, on seeing the reoord.tbe keyboard, wbicb sasrv at once, aad by telegraphic eomttiuntosuoa eaaesa tbe alarm bells in the bell towtfi to strike daurwa number three, aad cobSEas to- •"o so as keg aa the regulations ef the Fire 1 eparimeut m ay require. Thai Is accompltobed iy machinery ta the ball towers, liberated l each blow by a telegraphic impulse, communicated ati.it»,beroter-ssrab> the arrangement of the keyboard. ut, snppnse tbe operator or ly wants to ring a pari of the -Jtrrr bells. Byaswitch he disconnectsoneotstoreof te alarm circuits from the district key board, aad thecorrespen -;ig bflta are silent.Tie macbitery Ir tie bell towers constats of a strikingmachine, carried by tbe wster ta the city pip*S, or by weight, ard let eff by telegraph at each brow The blow* are of ary piTcr required, there being no practical limit in ib's respectTbe advantages which are claimed for the American for a>arm and police telegraph may be recapitulated m fbl'o» *•-—1 It!UE?hetanindtfinite number ot startatstations, scattered broadcast over a city from any of which aa als; i. may be communicated. No time si lost, therefore, between tbe fire itself and tbetelegra hihtogb a force equivalent to a tnousand pounds may press 2 Tbe rem her cf tbe station from which the alarm pro upon it when tt Is set perpendicularly under the roller*, it eve ded, as well s s the district, it telegraphed to the Fire only r«quires the force of an ounce to pull it away. I e sttn crt, so that the (Lgmes are beaded from the firstParallel to the shaft or axis of these wheels is a targe to <be exact )<ca'ity of tbe tire by wbirh prom, t aad de-independently of the shaft by a set of clutch teeth orcogs projecting from Us side, which, when it is closely pnitter over the "gore 3, and releases the mechanism ofuegkety, aad wars assured of the fact or bis arrest ^ ^ - » tag bulldtag, No. 1 Sixth avenueVowned aad £• operation of tbe ball and it is ready for daily use, due taa tot tee^d the machinery every A'teea aTtauies, astbe building and furniture try water about $50- ta would think they bad received the first toformation. Not sured for 98,600 on building aad $1,300 on furni-eMbv tbrofetib absence oris provided W » J •"» wnra Prtr STRICT—Shortlyafterone o'clocko nl u e s -aoiet and unassuming manners. Even the minister.Hvfog wnhta a stone's throw of the Boy's "Castle" paay ter $1,0C«, sadNo. 187 M insured for $7,000ta the to have tbat confidence so universally reposed ta thesent bim sn invitation, through Falkland to attend fowavytomranoe Company. Tba first floor of No 18ft papers shaken, for the bell maintained a most provokingb, re* wire made musical by te***«J£tSmm of which rang out from their tatertor, the « * j ^ •"".,,"nr thesonorous »••tbe ttirtv two hundred rounder, away off ta the Pars,sno a , dtotaativo ttabln g of * e ja'aatj*^ls in toe baUeacaotsg a^ret at tbe sameinBtant, ^ w ^ f ^ ^ r a flcvine service "oa Suadsywith several others of the nobility, ask after his health He a as inundai^d with letters''of .nv.tetion from theRa^£S*a?=y^ hltrteif at liberty totracked him to his cover.He was obliged to remove, aad at his second restingplace she same bespttaiity wsa sxtesdedto him The spies ferreted btm out again, wad another "move off" wsa tbe consequence. His next wayside resttaa ntaca waa near Bedford, in Bedfordshire. Here b e was aisofasAesl in good old English tty le. I » a y here mention that, up io the trme of his arreat at Derbv.be was estatesT*ibe magittrates themselves that he would have tooa"betorethewarrantswereputIntothehandsofconstables. This fat* will Inform you tbst It is not tbe aaxhori-ties.butlbjsBteJL that hava busied themselves ta thematter. Enclosed I send you t t e original copy of a letterUntitled Documentreceived yestedsy from a gentkman at Bedford. TaB amypblish it entire If you choose. 1 do so only to shew youthe goad feeling entertained toward tbe Bey I f tbaMindifference to communications ta general, and sa to tele graphiccommunications nonewareaddressedtait The, t ; " and lord' ForkstW,to ©ccupted ss s grocery store by Valentine Loewe. Stockdamaged by water about $160: insured for $900 in tbe S t^•,^!.In,B,MM" 0M!Pl»y- » • upperpartoftbabnllrllns. is unoccupied. TbTarS, tt Is loppooed, waa trial, however, took place yesterday, aad we give sa ac- tt,mb. .11 ut of their bulks by gorgt wtthta 1*TM"%'earntoheI**wwg e/M incest * » «w at FsttBABxa Sncma—Early last eventeg, a Fren" i n T * narts aad fflnttrations of Mr. (temeweU ««"Pf* b Bj*«tus. -wr—Arts ixomediauly to the ''dtatrict keyboard,'' places taesraik was tbe movtag power of both. »'«3« * ^ corners of streete indicated: pobw ^ J ^ l Z m night, as It «aaHe was immediately conveyed to the New York Hoemtar where, upon examination. It was found impossible to e x ' tract the ball. Tbe reuse of tbe rash act ta ittWbntad! L some difficulty the suicide had with his:—object it to give an Instantaneous, universal aad definite alarm te case of fire, s a d also to afford facilities for in slant notice commnnteaUan with the <v»ritr*I station fromeountiy people.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 