 THE JW8EY WK POMSw* CAtttASVgm*ata».h*toltaajr€to herade;Mk«e>«U ebon touVwetks beforeMttertousiT •ao; Ithbimnk iItwras onrlyv a&Iheadache: she bedT b e E n e e t l v . Coaam.ltta. erf ttoa can Telegraph Vsiapany totbe Oomptonto having beta made by some ef theace,*^%»".^.^^*a>with—>n—don«• Body1 heDO MOdi- present to ateepland, maatog excuses foi no*coming to ^ P ^ J J ^ V ^ m lS.J.,April33,18/SO. a*iflnm,OMf>tteryThe prosecution calledlawyer atMr.Hardenaof mt Margaret e putting her hand to her.•mat...., 9'" T1 m mm «Mteddarts*n» E? TV * '•">""* »**hm gt-«*to2.!?ties excellent satisfaction «TMtanaipa> to 1 W there wars three tenj-ajanni btewntbtotbaetomeoftheinrtinsow eaxeeraaT- t i t ? ' * rteaaetnas*?,wkhotben,coaaatvadtostorn?sw- ing shout a consolidation of haet or a nneaai ^ * graphingbetweenthetwoatin,tater mTZLVlZ New York tad Saw laglaad Cato. IVlta-n*Tbe House line, then a very iaatgaiaetat^fflregarded by the Morn tad Bxnparhaieatfwhich the Columbut gnanaaa (denocrsste) repast:— or the tariff for press messages in the South, ta will be inpertsace to warraattbmtotongnc 8 ton st-TITat Point •aMJacobWoodruffabattleofararaic;thaiwasthedeathefISTS.Hardee.M. "W»t«r twora-ReaWe at Whtfiungton, Hardenopinion we are able to say noibJag, « * J » f i * « * . *J what it a werth. The weight of the evideaoa »£*• judged by its effect upon Harden, whoitems* hopetttl o r depressedatthe testimony itforor•gatoat W"JvJ» preserves his composure' w»tai«,> "***£££ with perfect ceotoetn. He nat, beta oagaged hvday,at usual, in feraishtog potato forths to^^tod.aadtbe'papers were stoned (witoessrsfieated the contents of the contract); he aad I exchanged certifi- cates that the matter was settled, before marriage, b u t alter these papersware executed hecamete harrowper advocates the claims of Simon Cameron, of Pean-ay lvania, for the Presidency, because from the Mutton ofhisnamecan bedrawa theinspiring words, SeosnefmCandidate AnObtorepublicanpaper,noticingtheabove, falsehood »f those •tolemttt to dtnsattretarl by the prtfen Chase, because S. P . C a r e entirely emtoous, eeeansnto sow submitted (1)., with ma from the taaoe»l;*a stopped em the The protocutieu hat brought evidence sad every proof announced in Itsway aadbeogbta cap; taid it would a-good for him to dent of Harden's oeavtottoa. The vCrow-examined—He brought the release with him, allprepared believe he did say t e wat willing to marry toydaughter, hut not then: he kept hto handkerchief op to meaiitog-Sneoteaful Presidential Candidate. To both of The American Telegraph Company wat organised inMt AShsry; he borrowed ac jvereoni t j of me henkedmete late him to thel«deatdo*,hestayedatmyhouaethatnight at aaewn mstsace; he took-wtth htma^ttK.hefirUnkedmetotake bimtothew h o ws were rtdto* together.flreat a n ntaotv-l toht him efbx would come 4aI weald send him to the depot; ho left at about six o'ctocIt, to mac for the tram earn; test taw Harden thatday at Deva Mr. Maffmaaa noacated m e to gem and seeto ride with me; h e motioned far me tohe mid the clergy hadp»b.bly ho extended for at least a - BerremtmBamiaxi,N.J.ipril24,18C0. Thero was the anal sttondasoe at court this xaarntng.The prosecution calledDr Quimby, wfco wasjworo sad examined hy the At-torney General-Don't recollect ever having seen Harden before; do not recollect having given hfm powden oranything of the kind.Cross exammed—Several whom I auppoaefi to h eMatbedlst clergymen w e n to m y offlsa daring Ooa- fannee, but cannot recall their names or fatea;iretcribedI From the Pttteburg Chronicle, April 1 4 ] Ouroxchanges oometo usfilledwith detainof the damagedonebytherecenthighwatertotheruraldis.ly arpHod to "Slippery Cheat,'' »*d «*»» •* • * • * • ' • Chase to "Small Potatoes Cooked."FcaCoxowjBsa—ExGovernor Geo.F.PorttotpoMnef as the candidate e f the democracy to represent the Se-to)the station about a year ago, and now know that it was Barren; he were a glued cap and overcoat; when the hght from my lamp struck hit face I knew It to be Har- dee ; 1told him a ticket for New York via EUzabethport w».w^i bewantedtogoneartheHudsonRiverRailroadbe teemed to move out of the light; he oat down, hacapoverhiteyea,andlookedatmesuspicious-ed with the courtship and marriage of hit daughter, and gave the statements of Harden tn regard to the manner and circumstances of her death. Mr. Dorland ia a plain, intelligent looking m an, and gives hit testimony com posedlyandwithgreat calmnessand fairness,andwith- out hesitation or reserve.) Tientlfled Harden's letters t» himselfanddaughter;whenIwenttoRamsey'sItoldwill reach $»0,000.«From the Columbus (Ohio) Journal, of Wednesday, we be following are the amounts te be paid In hy each county• i in%atottobrother: hatthetMBinl MfMifteiwri $»1••ITICAI. INTEL..•4vim Mi(identifiedMUB); Itook Louisa to Mr.Ia order that the several marttes toternwMM Executive CnanMtOt ef the American Telegraph. St a proper understanding of ths controra, ^^**rrr% Company to estabhsh new rates to h e charged tor long ajrtsta between the Aawrtosn - a J Z l ^ * * * * »nswagesseatfronVowYorkto Beaten, webeg leave Easternpren,It, though!prope,loZ*?!'^ Dewndsnts counsel objected to ^ «»*?«_^ffiZl deittoleanpsiga, and to mount the stnmp to the Lone $0 call year attention to the resolutions of the Boardef the prees arrangements whiz* h — JLZT *worMMej(repeated particular* Ransey*,aagivesHiatDireeten ef that eompsay aad the action ef the com- mrtteetppotoiod byittoexantoe tadreportupontheIt hat been represented to a large portion of the press, from what purported to bothat the Executive Committee had a s rightadopt the resolution to question, sad- advwed timto leave, 1 naxehased the cap; powden every day which resemble them, but aannotmore than the ordinary copying, and, indeed, to aot much mpapers for the use of tbe aasootottons very expeawn Congressional aad general domestic newt It a toereteM safe to affirm that ttnoe 1868, the Now Tork Assoc*** Pren have contributed (beyond what they aeeTmtendone had they fait disposed to favor tNvMwt ef toi unionmonopolists)attoastalxoreightthenaaddelkn per year towards the support of a oonnattoxbaefear, net of personal violence. hat of being »nd*d; think I •aid to him that if I were in hit 1would rather gooff n while than he locked op; Isay whether I told those; sugar of milk it the base of our powders, and that looks tike it; the paper resembles that whioh I use, the fact that the powder locks like sugar of milk It no evidence that I mixed It; phyiicisns use it invalue ef tbe stationery (8).Z BABNUM,H. O. ALDEN, R. W . RUSSELL,tornhimthinwhenhotoldmeabouttheolergy hewas bothschoolsofpractise;thepapertwebuyalreadycut, a l ready to go at that time: h e usually were a thmched and othe rs use them as well as myself; some powden areExee'veOomteeeftheAmericanTetegnphCo. Niw YORK, April 19, I860.did asherequested la the V aad wrote to•«hecoastqueBoes." —-atns? OhMiillnsaagy—UMIWIn^i ip*i)ttjleon.laoiai-'BQtroaaaTerrnV fearweeks,andpetto me; and, if yo-i °**» «* feTM* ij^todottiirnot.lwillh.re It,I want j onto do it;eaeeatCsnitthea adjourned. The gaaeral Impression ef th*>. S he seems to be that Ht^enMa mflty msa,hatthtAdrflled him pretty bard, -o«etimee. he seemed „ w e w w ^ T e o n w » ^Congress in the Western district,on the San Houston phtt-forn.THSPaxmnwor—T^T Urea tonus.—Aa Indianapa-Ber.Mr.Graveswattheonlyclergymanhemen- verydifficulttoanalyse,fortincturesexhale,Iknowa andaboywerecrontogIt,precipitatingaUtotethe ; he taid Grave* had offered him essfctence; I number of physicians who tell the tame powden in the angry flood beneath. The two men were easily rascued, him why h e didn't accept itr; he said he hadn't same papers, done up la that way. but it was with great difficulty that the boy, a ooaiageoui4th.NotuntilIridmyselloftheconvictionthatGen. 1.Resolutionadoptedarmcon,attheregularquarterly Line deliberately planned sad executed the murder of Jen- meeting of the Board ef Direetore ef the American Mat, end suborned oae or more witnesses to perjure them- Telegraph Company, held in N e w York, February 1 6 ,NEW YORKHERALD, THURSDAY,APRIL 2 6 , 1860-TRIPLESHEET.EGRAPH AND THEly; I took it to be Harden, and had heard of the death of Harden I doubted that the luneral would take placeto done further damage but for the prompt exertions of the Cayuga htowife. (WitnesslookedatHardenandidealisedhim) day;beasked why;Itoldbimtherewassomething officersoftheroadaftertheaccidentwasknown. Chautauqua ..iexamined—I had often seen Harden, three yean wrong about his wife's death, and there was no use bury Onthe Central Ohio Railroad the freshet his lieenex Chemung that at Clinton, both at church and in theshtp Ing her till it wat found out; he said, with some little con tremely disastrous. Beside the brakes, the trenol-work ChenangowhereIworked,andspoketohim;canttellthedayor fusion,"WhattroubleImusthave! Nowyouseewhata aevenmilesfromthitcitywasbroken- Someeiataaoe Clinton meath when he came to the depot; It was in February or dilemma I am in. Why, sir, ahe might have caught tome beyond this sixty feet of tressel work is] gone, sad near ColumbiaOnondaga Ontario OrangeMarch, a year ago; saw him get on the cart; no one else thing sad token tt herself. Dr. Blackwell told me thatKirkersvllle one hundred feet of the same kind of track Cortland waswashedaway. BeyondNewarkitIttaidthetrack Delaware. is covered with water for mites. Tho train on this road, Dutchess which left here Tuesday morning, was compelled to re-ErieFulton Genesee Greene26,6020741,297 03 Putnam 23,24066 Queens $4,964 80 Rensselaer 21,687 01 Richmond 82,19216 Rockland109,037 93 Saratogagetoatheearsthatmorning;1hadheardofthetuspi- agalnst him, and thought that he was runningi T. Gerard sworn—Harden came to m y house hut day of March, 1868. a few days before Con- he stated to me that Ithad beta reported that he hadbeencourtingMissDorland,sadthattheywereti ha married; a*>, that they were going to compel him topregnancymightbethecauseofherdeath;"hetxikout bit handkerehief and began crying; then I tent Mr. Ram- sey for the doMors aad the Justice.Mr. Robeson hare read In evidence the following letter from Dr. McClennahan:—patrons from nothing to fire cents perword,aad to soother clan he charged the fall rates of $2 40 for tee tint ten words and fourteen cento for each added word.AynKRso*, March 10.1869. DR.R.MCCUN-YAHAS—DearSir—Ifttiatothatyoupos- sibly can, I want you to come to Mr De Witt Ramsey's s s taarryher; he then produced and real the release, giv soon as you can. My wife deceased after complaining ahim a release from marriage, and witnessed by her tome time, and ("this morning" erased) yesterday I wat informed that there are some very unpleasant rumors inonthisroadwerealtostoppedbysaimmenselandelide near Hanover.promisedthatnochangeshouldbemadeiathitarrange- afewwordtofexplanationwillexposethedenta- ment—to other wordt, that thit agent should be permitted tion of t h e committee* exhibit. These ffietlimnr Inall time to come, to send dally to the Boston press sad knew perfectly well that the pren roporting arrenf* charge them with ten, twenty, thirty, or fifty thousand menu, which hare been to long in operatiea, wen tht words, paying the Telegraph Company s o more than iftr aad mother; to he read it to me, but I did not teeM;hesaidhehadtoldthemhewouldnotstandsuchre- circulation with regardtoit Dr.BUckweUwashereaorta—the matter matt be settled, or he would bring the yesterday afternoon, and taid that he was tattooed, and dren were seated, was swept down by the fores of the Kings. towmforce;thathehadnotpaid hisaddressestoany thoughtthat hecould makeitsatisfactory Butifyou current,andtheentirepartywatdrowned. Lewist tr f . y * P Ww» r . « were romptog aad carrying o s ; w a> the contract which he had made. The Court refuted > thit had a connection, though slight,work sa cheap as be can. A dollar added to his charge against the press, or a dollar deducted from the charges of the telegraph, is a dollar added to his compensation. It it a convenient and profitable operation tf he can sead 6,000 wordt, sad g e t tbe prees to pay for them, while h evided tbat the Associated Pren b e n would eoaltoat to receive Halifax tad other long repirit at fail rales.the attempt to show that Harden did not with to aatobrate thit marriage, sad did all he could to avoid it.W h o Is Colonel Lander? [From the Chmtoaatl Commercial.]Nobody knowt better than this oonntte* that eon- men fairnen required that they should,to making up an exhibit ot the press receipts between Mew York aad BosMaseptioa takenDr. WUlet sworn—Knew Mrs. Harden aad her husband;OnTuesdaythe Miamariverwasrisingalldayfromthe heavy rains North. In the afternoon it was estimatedthat U rose at the rate of six inches per hour. The Cleve- private letter te T. D. Jones, Esq,, the well known sculp- pays the telegraph only the one tenth of the price paid by ton, give the whole bustoen, which I will bare statewascalledtoattendherduringher sicknessto Febru-ary.itaS; her distata was Inflammation of thelungtaad note and tend it back withlhe bearer of thit, tt you havelandandPittsburgroadIsinthetameunhappycondition, tor,toa friendto this city:—Bowie knives are"ris!" the swollen and turbulent Ohio having completely wiped Northern pluck is above par, just at this writing I wishit out ia many placet aad carried away its bridges. I knew all the facta to the esse. I am afraid the newt Itethercustomers Anditit,perhaps,quitenaturalthat TheBostonLinereceivedfromBostonpapersia1869:daatiK I never knew her to have s a y other sickness, I fae about seven or eight miles from Ramsey't, aad five fromDorlands;ahewatveryillwhoa Iwatcalled; I ssa her ramily phyttcisn; ahacomplained of pain In theJ. & HARDEN.htr. SAKTKL DORLAND.CounselthenreadDr. Blackwells letter,givenabove. The same day Isaw Harden, daring ths examination;ThereityetnoestimatingthedamagetotheHempfleld road at nearly half of its entire track Is submerged.TrrsFRESHITI.\MARTLAJCD.—Fromthe FrottburgGazette, Allegany county, Md , we gather the following :—No nail has been received at the Frottburg Pott Office from the East since Tuesday morntng. The communica- tions by the George's Creek and Jenning's Run (Cumber- land and Pennsylvania) Railroads with Cumberland has hem broken since Monday.The bridges generally upon the George's Creek railroad andtheminingcompaniesofthisvalleyaresweatsway orgreatlydamaged;thePkkell bridge ofthePiedmonttoo good, ss published inyesterday's Oannsrctaland Gasefts. Colonel F. W. Lander (for that Is his real name) itaaoldfriendofmine,andheisnochicken,Iassure you. Hit life has been an eventful one. He has far more Presidential material in him than a doxea FTemoate.Col. F. W. Ltader Is a native of Salem, Mass., and ia a de- scendant of oae of the oldest and wealthiest families to thattown. He stands six reet two Inches in height, and weighs over 200 pounds H e la a better made man, phy- sically , than John C. Heenaa, the Benlcia Boy. When I sawbinlast,hehadnotsaounceofsparefleshoabin- ail bone sad muscle. He has a good education, sad It a powerful writer to prose or Terse, for I have teenboth, literbegraduatedst College,heturned hie attention te civil engineering, a a d w a t employed building or rather laying out sad superintending most ofcharges of the telegreph on the oae head, while he usee the charges of the telegraph as a plea for further exec- tiont upon the press on tbe other. (10.)Way papertNew York papert•'wantedtodestroythem;"besaidhehad oat she tent to him; he would not giro her .*etoahet;hatooktheponssadsaid,"Heros_outintotheroad,stoppedmywagonaad asked if be could go heme wkh me sad stay til! the aghte wasover,mMrRamseywantedhimtoteave;beforepartofPiedmont,weunderstand,antheVirginiasideof the riser, was completely under water, and it was re- partedthatsonsoftheOuUJingsoatheflatshadbeta^ ^ P • sWM l i W l ) ,componyhim totheStates Theyttrudk, ssnearas they could, a bee-line for Utah Territory. Co reaching thechainoftheRockyMountains,ColonelLeaderen- c o u n t e r e d o n e o f t h e l a r g e s t o r t h e k n o w n g r i z z l y b e a n . anddespatchedhimstogiehanded,withoneofColt'ssix shooters; in fact, he discharged twelve balls tote bin be- foreoldgriizlysurrendered.footing,tbepreeswillbelettperfectlytree,tofarssthe telegreph is concerned, to tbe selection of Its agent.WhentheeditorsoftheBostonpresscometounder- stand all tbe bearing! of this question, they will, doubt- less,notonlyacquiesceto,butapproveotsuchachange to the regulations of the company ss will make the eon- ptntatton oftheTelegraph Company depend oathe amount of service performed, and relieve then fron the necessity ofemploylegattheiragentanypersonwho(8) WbeasJltbeftototjtopktoedbelereth*^^or* and others will be quite as competes*Mthesereatie- menaretopenupontbenerhsefnbon$rareray._T leaerttoothntttorehtabeentaofrnsenntwemnthepartoftbeprenortitagant*oassotbe»•""££em delay ed~f the fineto drop the news to way papen at * ' " * " tonthatitgoestoBoston;andac•» * ^ * ^ ° ^whose managers ware notd «1 !"^'l '^t o "_-k e 1 uehanebaurduy. We a n ; « £ a j J n , g _ * TSeutsha teemed very uneasy, hid hit faoa in the pillow, wife together writhed and tossed shout, wished that it were(4.) Thit "whereas' has but little foundation ia tratk There never was any arrangement for "aa nnlitamd amount of bustoess" Oa the contrary, tt was always understood tad practised by sll partiee, that tbe prtn had no right to exact from the has more service than* couldreaderwithoutterioutinconveniencetoits00a- meretol patrons. I emphatically deny t h e Direeten'notion of .. and then way; thinks h is he ttiu; there was morshimself instead of her; and, in response to his friends he said that the causa of h it trouble wat public opinion, which was against him: the next morning I asked him if there wat anything shout the basse which oouldbehutIcastrememberit;partofthetimehawas token;heatid <yos,therewasarsenictothehouse.I livetohitwife,sadpart ofthetime cot;th*was know tt to beso, Ihad thevialinmyown hand;'he *4m* Harden came to take bis wife home. mm*JS? •*» *"waby me, sad said, 'ift appears that itCross examined—I went there to tee the family - Bar- HXHiffiyi!!"?..* " • b o w r t i **** ottod bar;" I tokt Coal and Iron Company, immediately above Barton, is4toawatnottherewhenIcame;Hardendidnetanywhat ^j^f4W2e^flS!MMMo,l,0f *** «t«»ehi «oDoctor; he did jokingly, but out of the solid; I am just as friendlyas ever with the family, but Jaiob aad I oould not agree,perhaps theonlyoae that remainsunharmed sad un- moved. Several of the long treats! railroad bridges upon the road above Wettersport are said to have beta token•oma money for you—well. I l l give it to you wheal corns ths 17th of March, 18*9, had a coaversaUo.TwUh•town;•therewattomemoneya thepunsthen;he •aver gave me the pant; oa Friday I asked bim if he wasgoing tothefuneral,hesaid heWAStoosiektogo; •••an wtth Louisa the night before she want to Ramsey t ; £ ! **• "rtood health, except a sttcht aakt;the timehim tt FMher't. told bin my daughterwas troubled, aad m hit account; hs said hsknewitsadhaddoneeverythingheoouldtopreveat .t; Louisa a a very tae young lady, and, it this comes out, Rwillplaceatugma uponhercharacter;hewaspoor aaddidnotwaattofatmarriedyet;tfwegetmarriedc[From the Savannah Republican, April 21.1d>wE7 2TL2°. *v* •o*recoveredinarerytewmt-Ferasaltoa, Florida, ywtord %y, sad a number of friendlydespatches werepassedover kwith entire •*b r B<i• e go to Htreaty's; oaos I r m w n . i: she teamed pleasedHarden t o g o with over with her; he did come soon alter thatdespatch from the agent annou aetog the reel aaS oi^Tn- P } e l 0where be remained, and much of hit time in Washington; are precisely what they were before the consolidation,• * * * * aad mysiattweaTttTohuohsxch to Mr. Aliens,^*ere we were stepptag ha nsraaeA » > k.tjaytof hehadMmMr Robeson then read the following letters:- Movmmaa*,1867.Mr.EAMDSX—YOU wanted meto tollyou ho* my mtnd was. that week- Icaanot get itoffmy mind. The more Ithinkaboutitthe deeperIta oa my mind, andtt ittbe line '.freely ' at our dispoa. I BaMdettee — * « of private courtesies with Men da, we addrestedtoeTfol lowing congratulatory note to oarcotemporarv ofth. r"qSn<H»»Mtw *fortdton._under the competition then existing, tad tatow es they are ever likely tobehereaftershouldcompetitooahere- stored. Competing lines, so far from making money, cannot exist upon lower rates, es indicated by past expe- rience, end should they hereafter be attempted, will either sink all their capital, or, after a short struggle, will^snah thereaad had to tohsnktraa ^li. it wasabout Jton haitavttBrigham Young aad his asposUet.-SSU*"1!? w«"«ege««o constructthe wagon roadorthe national gore deavor,byamalgamation,toescaperromruin. (13.)he never leeroed "thaihua^Iu^Unj^rt^0**"*' fonoo{h> Infurtherance oftheprinciples advancedto this report,S^-Sea^BSKSr he hta£!£££ .°.**««nab * r*«oan hegttotenderspecialreportsofnewsforwayW ^ ^ ^ * ^ to have tbe Boston report dropped tojtny »f^^ ^Hrhmpfgv^^uor•pv*a:their ^ ^ l ^ ^ J ^ . wkh my totter-, I waPnTiT'tT Allent,aoo"ttMhitaIdidntiateed to*at*^Segnaat hinges of the kaee lhetthrift may 'roUow'r.wn8 the committee recommend tbe adoption ef the MhVtag dea that tbe whole dinVatty b n »rwaa._'^' Mn^2a«ai»J2aA^» ? «*«nxa resolutions:— tbTbtwarrangementsof*«*££•,, tt^erttJee toid 1ahd did not want <.oytaoh thtof. Htrdea ttopt alaM^heyoutoldnoyauwouldn'tInwaAaaEteoeseng ,ePMX for^?^?5^ J *•£&•*» *"* Americantodies la Rene at present engaged ss tculpton Miss Hosnw went there first, Mist lander next, ihen s KmCol. Leader it about forty five yean of age, sad an oldA MisisTKR AamatSD FOB Omars AXOTHSX Pnam's LrTTM.-Rev. WuJtom 0 . Hubbard, of Clyde, N Ycircumstancescfasimilarnature,areinviolationofthe duty of thia company to the community, and should bo7Z^aMm£»l-B*u-Odtoe thit before Tx>uis», and sreaeaoe,he dhtatsay tt sBzloBsfor ma to stay; aha •jCtoatI•*•»> iaw her phue Etiu' the Dostor (WMtott) takl.yyself helfere t*mt you wW/„'ti bv »a trouble; and*y y0u Want yvucelllt butf.iolagme?1did not «a> prs>ate of Savannah andi day formed betweentta e nr t e r n ^ « M e T t o t a ^ u , a u £ completedtoCedar KeytMtthe when it will constat w*fa iKty Wtettad Havana• A utAtmhMmmmuMshould be so adjusted at to allow to all customers tbe btatJtef dedacttoas allowed to any customer.8. Jtoaalved, That thto Board fully approve of the reso Inttea Of the executive commuter, to reference to the baatoetsofthepress,fromNewYorktoBoston,aadthat ths same be confirmed and take effect text Monday, April3,wo words per day, excepting mone S^^fJ^St to each other yesTcotog within a frection of 8.000 were- per day. Takir,* tbe month of January, ***S°JffZ tetosession, aad ourreaorte are satatslly run,» «<"could snp down in the m*i£liytohavebetato186$.I*"**** S ? *rt«rf anrctog and evening papen of Bastes tor ••*£"_» , « ] £ oSuated ver/carefuliy, and nodtoat, tek*g •*•T e r1._battev•sleepwithhner,forhae woiU neverYou asked me If 1 I kuJ you that I didThe heartiest *tortdna,to tldtoioatmood.1 Received, That the tariff ratet oa tong messages vetwwirough,theyhavenever -xeeeded as » *£J!go to Rsmsey't, orna.^msad wanted him to call onIa"»dtof:thoseletters ItotetiesayOouacll 4EXBdifficulty with a portion of bL: church, though be isof h k iJtod9k__ 'isBflgmS^S:the certificate, Mr Hunt can makeMsHiatem^M^S funeralunderthesecticumstencea,andwhenamtaaskedprovemento of the Franklin Company ia the valley were altoinjured. AtWetternport, thetowerpart ofIt especially,wassubmergedfromSundayevening,andwasA tedUntitled Document•- ' ,- /J^-^L^'S'aWarrnvof the ft****123d. (12 )AM03 KENDALL, iasA WM M.SWAIN, leaS ZDNUS BABNUM, 1$K> H. O. ALOCN,. . . 81 .dewouras oauj; «iaav " «•" « { «« •'— *•'* 3,««itwilltrammelastorlifeandfutureprosperity.'' Imy titter m toir*(e,»a}Tea FISSTSrcar OaAtoaniTBS Frsm—W. W romerry of this elty, set saw of Texas, thathewasturned eatofthe Bemoera*t the Gaaeral Ato t b e Mixeenuwa camua?...wavertation);. side,Ae-are.** *<«•**<!I«aightputooa EzprtU, oatheevid/niiy « reply to the notes from har-and w « J J t 0if Mr. Force, whom he expecto, go*s away hei will oauw that State, on the tuppseitton that he wat s bnckthe brother of Mrs. Hardee; s^hsrMoaday. -Ifnot,IwiA o o m e ^ « ^ 2 P S h ' lican.tasansouneedhitdetermtaattoato leave hto sheepfrom Harden b y W m . if you tan wait that long, sad if aot I will hs contoga WM to take care of themselves durmg th e approaching Presi-overruled. Tetttmonyresumed-When^he owiM>TM Star StateforthenomineesofOnCharlestonOcavenUen that if he hadnt something to show at Omferenoe aoo» &££TMjmightdSUhkiBh£xstjj^f*jgaMr. Leland alsoannounces himselfasacandidateforIjurywillnotconvict him. Of«» «*•"£.* * * EnTnimtelfto g~ ^^*^SSsa-^ut aThSuhit eyes sad teemed sad. ejjavalwltt^aadttwtadddlteataalrta;Iteatbintothe wlMprobslrtybeoonsrudedto-morrow,butUsetrialwill CourtadjournedtillalterationOtteber last The Executive Committee began the reform TheiaitialsefSimonCameronwouldbemoreappropriate- setafrsmthefallowingorder(2):—, and teK him he had hotter kaaa oatthe extttement I did net advise him for tome of them; do sot recollect the Rev. Mr. Hurr asbelonging to Mr. Hill, was carried from ha moorings and swept away with the current. The Fayette County Rail- road was very much damaged, and it will take several days to put tt In running order. John Watt, or Connells-m*\j • « • • • * m» * e * • • • M M S I S I K I « . . • • • • • • • • • • • » • , t p l djgpEach of the two Worcester papers pays per day.. 8 83 overtures of the monopolists sad st the sane tine aa-The ene Springfield paper pays per day 0 88 thorired their general agent to d o n t a agreement writ Each of the four Hartford papen pays par day... 0 66«» the manager of tbe House line, by the terms of which a " tbe two Bridgeport papen pays per day.. 8 83}, was to be rebuilt, sad to be worked as a conpotmg haa " tbe four New Haven papen pay* per day. • tt The nwcotottoB agreed to pay fnl rates tor all aewi re-for the loagor.KtwYoRtjtes n.isw J. B. Dowiix, General Superintendent efBewCfrtommUDatMrttotLtofWonfneh. iavna,:t—o.:--^You wfll give testes net all special contrasts1sttoratesatortraasmtittsaofsaw reports,and•tearbeat111terminateon toe totJanaary DSXI and that os aadnopolycoBcere,aadthisctrcsmstaaeatatbe press a chance to secure ton has n^etamaam!! channel of communication bttwteh the taTaatoa ThereupontheUnionTelegraphConasaysopetotedtata before * itarted; I •liiimfthnome having been in my office; was introduced to him last••m thn he OMfoMg wfifc me; iaderocn handed me the night, but cannot recollect ONEat Conference saw Rev. were carried off. At Brownsville several nem steamboats severe upon Jim Lane. The follewtog is sa extract fronmihw; I tank up Harden opposite Davie' bonne, about My yards from AadettoaV, it was after dark, and the mght wan dark; I nsd nothing to dtosoadc him fromheard no one persuade him to ga, has heard some him not toga;said ha was going to Canada, to IT natU the excrteaaeat had tnbstdod; shea said hitwere raited off the stocks, and a great deal of lumber a letter written by him :—Thto wet tbe state of things which exited to M i n n * adeuphJemrndtoiountdGraTetleft. youthoT.«omeeightyean,wassaved.ThehorsestwamMlvettnhtodefence.Aad I860:— whichtodtotheadoptionofageneralnewsreMrtsuVMb. Until I know that Redpath lied when he taid Gea. Harden a handwriting in Dr. McCtona Jacob Orto sworn—Know Harden; met him atquar tirely eubmerged. A large frame building owned by Lane intimated to him that. If Gov. Denver challenged letter, and corroborated evidence m regard terry meeting at Mount Lsbaaan, in September, 1S58: saw Merrick &Co., was raised from its foundation, and betog him, be would have htm pat out of the way by the se-Resolved, That t e question of change of tariffs oa all the licet of this company, not affecting the interests of other companies except by their consent, and oa all bon- nets,bereferredtotbeExecutiveCommitteetoadjust.atNew York aad Boston, wtjck ar- n force till about 18M,whn la* and chief owner of the House baa harax dbd.Itwsasold to anewcompany efwt3Z? H. O. Aides, one of the Exeouttn Osw«£ tee of the present American Company, o n eat st the chief officers t a d tapertotendeato. Mr. Attn tad hie then associates a ere made rally s w a n of the asters of the reporting arrangements, aad be aad ther caraway approved of tbe sane, aad even extended tnrionsdm cUitira to the pren.Abraham BUby sworn— Knew Harden a n d hie wife; ashore unhurt. Fnlaton, Beaver county, wat almost en-conversationbetween HardenandSlnyter,al- MittDorlandatMn.Fisher's,beforechurch,andalsoat openatoneend,itscontents,embracingalargelotof cretorderknownasthe"Danites."reported.) I taw a paper at Mr. Derhmdjn, pur- to be n marriage contract between Harden and Doriand, in Harden • handwriting, a n d signed b ychurch;sawHardentalkingtoheratthechurch,andin- tubs,buckets,*c.,floatedfreelyiatothe river sadwen TBI UNIONPARTY» Co.vvBcncrr—Adgtate Convention theynsy deemexpedient.S,g to me other girls tad promising to marry them. in attendance, but don't recollect seeing Mrs. Ramsey; je:tedtoanddecided incompetent) Thitwasin Hardenwenttoourhouseforbread;betailMn.H was lerober, 1868: the appeared very moch afbnted; there better, (repeated the evidence in regard to Hirden't ac-wet a petition circulated for Hardens return to that eir- count of hit wife's last illness); said that M n. H herself told htmthat she had rested very badly and felt misera-Cron examined-1 didnt ten Harden whs wrote the ble; be volunteered this; I was one of the Coroner's jury;ctatract; Mrs Segutoe put the question," Didn't you sign I taw nothing, at any time, which might give Harden ap- aeentractwrtttenbyMr.Heidebrantr"andHardensaid prehensionofpersonaldanger,(thispartoftheevidence" No," then Seguine asked him if he hadn't signed a con- wat received, but may be used as rebutting testimony);tract wrttten by say one, and tnen Harden called God to there appeared to be something on Hardens mind thatPatriot of the gist tost tayt:—A l l t h e c o u n t i e s i a t h e S t a t e a r e n o w i n t h e S e c r e t a r y ' enight, but I couldn't say that he was anxious or distressed. Mrs Marls Pitcock sworn.—Went to Ramsey's with Mr. and Mrs. Van Sickles, (we give such parts of tnisevi- dence as are not merely corroborative of that of Mrs. Van Sickle); Mn.H. immediately asked us tf cold water would hurt her: she complained of intense burning In her is me; it was such a release as a man would throat all the way down; we gave her water whenever C« to sign off bit real estate property; he taid he would the called for it; w e were not informed a t to e sa oath he had not been to Dorland't since Confe- the cause of her sickness: the asked us to rence thaw a* in June, be knew si by bis towing buck place water upon her right breast, there wassuchaburning then;theappearedto suffer very much,anddidnotremainstillforamoment;thenwasFork of Ten Mile. Down below Pleasant Valley church, Dixon's official majority in 63 counties 98 pany, held tn the city of New York on the 9th day of present associate* tn tbe violation ef all hto pledges, eatwitaeM, a t already taid; Seguine a n d hit wite^dldnot pat the question tn the tamerotm; he read the release at the widow Waters', oae evening, to quite a good many, niter meeting; I committed the contrast to memory.By adding tone 2,000 votes that have beta cast for Dixon, but omitted in the several county returns, and the whole number of votes cast to the Sute falls but a frac- tioubelow118,C00,or verynear tothenumbercasttost fall. Judge Dixon's real majority in the State is not farStarch. I860:—Resolved, That the Directors decline, until further ad-Jeopardizing the large interests confided to tart to aa keeping.Ureaao Fahersworn—l told Hvden thatif Ihada ,I would not give him any release; he thee readvised, to interfere with the action of the Executive Committee to reference to the pren business to Boston, butrecommendthatthenew arrangement donotgointo effect until the 1st of April.The other two memben of the Executive Oomattte. Messrs. Russell and Baraun, are only acting to barmoay with their previousviews,when,contratitogthesnd Morse lines between New York and WnhingtotMr.Bradley—foucrestplowedItbeforeyousowedit, ehda t you?—mat's all »burgandallthetownsabovethe cityare deserted,aadaspecial committee offive,to consistofthe Executive Committee,andtwootherstoheappointedhytheChair, to report at tbe next meeting.ThePresidentappointedHon.AmosKendallsadWm. M. Swain. Esq , to be two of the committee under the said resolution.RXPORT OF THE COaaiTTEK.Your committee have investigated the matter of the ratea of charge on the lines of this company, particularly between New York and Boston, sad have unanimouslytgreed upon the following report, viz •—The committee find that there ia neither extortion northeinfluenceofanoppositionnoe. Withthesepreliminaryremark*Iwillsaw askatten-tion to tome ef tbe very deceptive ttotsnsnnlt of the Exe- cutiveCommittee.(1.) There has beta ae snertton ta the fatten pren "tbat the Executive Committee bad no power te adept the resolution, raising tbe rates 76and las) per can, aad therefore thtoaharge of " utter fatoebood" falls te tot ground.( 2 ) Tbtt m quite true, but the gentlemen findkconve- nient to- eupprete tome important fans. The«iga*r*f the despatch to Mr. Dowell wsa the President of tbsOaaJoanK.Slatersworn—Inthesummer,orearly(allof MM, i wat plegumt Harden about going to Dorland't; hethewateritrunntngthroughthematarapidaaddamag- seventeenchildren,noonelaChicagoBOWappliesfor nothing administered to her but water, while I was there; ing rate. A number of the passengers who came on the office without recounting the number of hit reipoaribili- Itookaglass,whichhadhadmilkinit,fromthewash- can aaforasLagrange,sadoouldcomenofarther, tiet. ThisshowstheriteoftheBatespolicy. Every-troduced her to Mr. Tultle, the elder. carried away by the angry flood. The webt haa to be re-of the Constitutional Union Party o f Connecticut, will b e8. Resolution unanimously adopted b y t b e Executive Committee of the American Telegraph Company a t their meeting to New York, on the 18th day of February,Aaron G. Van Sickle sworn—Husband of Mn. Tan moved from the looms of Wilde't ihawl factory, »ks Sickle (the first witness examined): went to Ramsey's the walls of which were undermined.held to New Haven, on Thursdsy, the 3dof May.htm Mat Borland thowed it to me; I have papert in bin night of Mrs. Harden's death; heard tome one groaning BrMgewater, to the tame neighborhood, sad the greater KANSAS DKLKGAT«STO CHKAGO.—The black republican I860:—g, aad know it well; the oontraot wat dated and breathing hard, even when the door was shut; Mr. part of Rochester, were alsofloodedand more or less dam- Whereas, the Boston papen have a special arn»gement 17, aad it read, " 1, Jacob & Harden, agree to Harden occasionally came la and joined tn the oonverav aged. Convention of Kansas selected the following delegates to with the American Telegraph Company, which eta be disLoansDorlandwithinayearfromthitdate. HonaboutRamsey'atriptoCanadaandthehones;be ThebridgeatRamsey'sMUM,Washingtoncounty,wis theChicagoConvention—A.C.Wilder,JohnA.Martin, continuedattbepleasureofsaidcompany,forthetrans- Towardstbecloseof1889,Mr.Aidesaadhatonn>J AHarden. ItoldMintDorlandthatHardenhas the contract,alterIbad tteatheoontraot;the me voluntarily; th e tpoke to m e at I was patting the house, she asked me if I had heard of Mr. Harden italkedasusual,askingquestionsabout thetopic ofcon- versation;bewouldcomeinandgooutforafewmoments tad than return: I went up stain to tee Mn. H , induced byhergreatdistress:Igotat farss thedooraadsaw Mr s . H . s i t t i n g u p o n t h e e d g e o f t h e b e d ; t a w t h e l a d i e smissionofanunlimited amount of business fronNew Yorkto Bostontortheaumofsix hundred sadfifty coliars per month: and thit buttons has been largely to- creased to quantity until it now averages $.218 words p e r d a y , s a d s n o w s , a t t b e r a t e s p a i d b y t h e A s s o c i a t e d atatod,are saved. No such flood has been seen there office, official, except La Point, which cannot have given Press, to $77 18 per day—about $2,000 per month—withintherecollectionoftheoldestinhabitant Below letsibta50majorityforDixon. Asthsfooting!have therefore,beit(4)this, on the same stream, considerable damage was done been given ne by officers to the Secretary's department, Resolved, That notice be given to the parties interestedby the sweeping away of tencet and overflowing tf bot- leaving out all votes withwrong Initials, whioh are nearly that oa and after the 1st day of March next, taid specialteetatet conceived tbeidea of consolidatingtheirnet withtbeUnion,tbeMagnetic,andtheotherhOesINew Orleans and Nova Scotia, aad thepreiupon the assurances of Aideo aad his then 1t h a t t h e r a t e t t o t h e p r e s s a n d t h e p u b b e a h o u l d t o t a t raised, bat, oa tbe contrary, should be, aitheevkat Sracticablemoment,reduced;thatabetterclanottonDonld be built, sad more reliable operative* sfaeuU to employed, aad the whole system of business he to-about a year before and she thought she was getting itCrossexamined—Harden wat not in the room most of the time; he appeared In trouble; he appeared to weep.AiroTHiR I*siox Co'DrruTK.—A correspondent of the Atlanta (Ga ) National American recommends Hon. B. H. feat wife come or ait by him; be left his wife at my house, woula take place at ten o'clock on Thursday: was intro- works were also compelled to oeaae operations. Oa Bill, of Alabama, as a candidate of the constitutionalsome of bit deportment was quite rough; I didn't it respectful; he w a s talking, I thought, jokingly, igetting a divorce; he didn't appear to like to haveAlexsader W . Teeter sworn—Mn. Harden w a s m y niece; Davit notified us of her death, aad said the funeralIn Wheeling the gat pipes became filled with water; the streets were a t night a t dark a t possible. The watern a g ladies and three men, betides himself aad wife; wa wars enjoying ourselves; h e pushed h it wife away from him roughly and coarsely; she appeared to be lively sad friendly, she appeared to take it as play, but Ithought It rough piny; he sat and placed h i s head upon another lady s lap; I dan t know that he meant a«ything wrong by » , it was to marked that the family tpoke shout it af-terwards, and long befor* she died; It rained very hard when he went to Ramsey's, but he said he had aa en- gagement; h e didn't intend to return that nightJohn alien sworn—1am the station agent at Asbury,The funeral did not take place till one o'clock. MistCarolineMcKmney aworn—Iwas atRamsey'sin January, 18*9, I observed hit department towards hit wife, and it was not as It should have been; I thought h e wathappiertoothers'societythantohitwife't;hedidn'tseamtomakemuchofher. Crossexamined—IwasthenurseofMrs.Ramsey;MnH. was depressed, but would have been lively if treated differently.Samuel Dorland, father of Mrs. Harden, sworn—(The most of the evidence of Mr. Dorland was corroborative ofuntil late to the day by wagons, containing household mittee did not affect the press intermediate between the membert of the Magnetic or New Orleans fine, had ten goods,men,womenaadchildrenplodding along In the NewOrleans,which, asMappears,has notyetreceived twocitiesatall;aadtheywouldnowbeservedsausual, strugglingtoauatan tbeparties whopromotedtbttoe rain. A report reached the city yesterday morntog, by he announcement of its demise, has nominated John T. but for the refusal of the agent ef the associated Press ta mcnopoly of tbe Eujopeea saws at Halifax and, aaatheCentralRailroad;Iknowofapersonbeingbrought thatof hiswife. Hedetailedthecircumstancesconnect- donatothepublicworks,suchasrailways, canals,ko„ byStateAssessors,toAssemblydocumentNo.11of1860,The committee find, that prior to the amalgamation of certain newe agents at tbe North to receive very fell the several telegraph lines between New York aad Bos- daily report* from New Orleans absolutely free—n I ton,therewasanunderstandingbetweenoaeofthemand havebeenreliablyinformed—whilefrom tbeAssociated the sgent of the Associated Press, by which he was al- Pren the highest rates of tariff were invariably demand-lowed to tend an unlimited amount of matter for the press ed. At New Orleans, too, on* C M of news ageote aad at varying prices, finally reduced to $160 per week. editor* were served tree, or for five cents per word, When this arrangement first went into effect, the commit- whilst from other agent* and edrtort the full raje nf fow-carriedaway hythe unprecedentedly highwatertnthe Charters,theroaditselfbadly damagedtomanyplans, fences carried off, spring gremj fields swept out, ac. HavMn's bridge, five miles east of Washington, hat keen t w e p t f r o m t h e a b u t m e n t s , a l t h o u g h t h e t i m b e r s , i t i sWm.A.Phillips,W.W.Boss,C.G Proctor. THIRECSXTELWTIOXISWISOO.XMN.—The Madison (W is )learn as lollows:—About thirty feet of the track of the to sattofy the 8 £ mill State tax:—Columbus and Xenia Railroad, three miles rrom the cits, Albany$147,158 18 Oneida$62,40415 99,13623 65,304 8 0 96,38995 86,088 64 63,97101 46,238 33 19,266 74 76,06209100,028 80 27,889 9$ 38,00984 44,607 84 21,358 91 24,099 00 80,968 92 16,98054 55.958 IS 60,998 4$ 41,235 35 15,506 2 3 20,772 74 28,093 $9 $6,09702teencentsperwordwasinvariablydemanded. Tni*wat the state of things to October ton, when all the Iran ea theeesboardwereconsolidatedundertinpresentCOB-washed awaynightbefore last, Immediately afterthe nine o'clock train had passed over i t The water surged throughthebreachatafearful rate,andwouldhaveAlleghany Broome Cattartgus82,1864227,820 2 827,1382872,055 67 Orleans. 64,98238teeunder*tend,thenumberofwordsthententdailywasabout 1,200 (7), for which the sum paid may have been areasonablecompensation,butitItobviousthatunderanarrangement to indefinite the amount of matter so sent pany. mightbetoincreasedastomakeitanintolerahleburden ShortlyafterthaeventIfeltItmydutyteprotest to the Telegreph Company. Accordingly, the quantity against the injustice of the company la respect to toll of natter sent has gone on increasing, until tome matter, and received repeated astaraaera tbat the grtor- dtytttamountstoteaoreleventhousandwords,tad anceshouldcease. ButitnowappearsthatMr.Baraan the avenge w as found to January last ever six took no notice of my complaints until two month* subse- thousand words per day. The result It, that the com- quently, and to the meantime charged oae class ot U s panyhasbeenlendingforthitagent,ataboutthreenflnturn. On the Steubenville and Indiana road, fife hun-dred feet of the track at Adam's Mills was rwy muchdamaged by the bursting or the canal bank. The trains FranklinSchenectady...(8) To the casual reader the exhibit which m here mads fore the amalgamation of the Telegraph Companies it was justify the committee to the course they have takes; batThe Lafayette find.) Courier of the 11th insv.saygthat a farmer named Reed, while attempting to ford Wee HamiltonHerkimerCreek after dark last evening with two hones and a largeresult of various compromisei which tt would take be sent five hundred wordt. The absurdity of such too much time aad apace to explain in detail.farm wagon, in which himself, a relative, and t w o chil- Jefferson400,929 78 18,782CO Ulster 63,708 60 Warrena promise It strong evidence that it was never made cer- Among these compronton was one by the terns of whiohtainItIs,that ifmade, itwat whollyunauthorised.(0) theBeatonandintermediatepapenconsentedtetaketht It Is alleged to some of the Boston papen thatthe tame report (dropping to all stations to sat writiag). topress of that city pay for newt despatches over $20,000 take very brief report* when the line worked badly, aad per annum. What they pay to their own ageat we have also to have these reports teat lor the men partearly itno meant of knowing, but we do know that toss gate tbe forenoon while the wire* were utanptoytttoretn-;lady since he had been in the place; I was a mem- can, come for my owa benefit and safety. AStiotedly Quite a serious break occurred in the Wabash sad Erie Lrvtogstoatoe church (Mr. Bradley read the unique release, youn, J. a HARDEN. Canal, near Durgy't run, this tide of Hoiabird A Co.'a Maditon... 43,167 81 Washington.... 62,469 15,much laughter, in which the Dorhutdt and Harden t), the witness thought Kwat something like that;distillery, oa Monday night last, which will put the Monroe.... opening of navigation off for about tea days; It to Montgomery.The following letter wat also read by Mr. Robeson:— Aanassos, March 10,1869.D&ASFATBBB—Inthetameenvelopeyouwillfindalet- ter from Dr. Blackwell. He toft here last night at I that it wat a sheer attemptto prove that he de dark. He told me that if be had had more time he could have wrttten plainer; but tf you did not feel satisfied af- ter reading bit letter, that you should come that way to the funeral and he thought that he could make tt satisfac- tory to your mind. If this does not satisfy you, will you not come over a s soon you get this? He said that there were several probable causes of her death; as to which onehad caused it,heoould nottell. Please towriteapleura she appeared healthy, both before and after her any word to communicate. Your afflicted ton,NewTork NiagaraTotal2,070,08278 Wyoming $1,666 87 Tales81,8960028,96180 pany. It it their agent'a obvious interest to make the ujg when all commerctol busmen was over terneday.rnevertoldthistoMittDorland.Mr. Bradley moved to overrule thit testimony, on thesupposedthatsomemaliciouspersonfitstmade a cutto the embankment, and the heavy rains h a d the effest o f widening the breach, which Is now nearly seventy feet long tad twenty five feet deep. The break cannot b e re paired until the water falls ia the river, anl it it sow too high to work to any advantage.$13,000ofthis$20,000isreceivedbythe TelegraphCom- ruercialdetpatchet, sadtotetatheafternoonandere* $5,811,WO 64 press pay at much es he can, aad make the telegraph A most important consideration,too,t a thai wtuctpro-this,uponrebgtousmatters:webadasertofar-^TnTM«ti^JfTVKJ**m?*°°°m*uptohJsroom; orcarriedaway.Maayortheloadhomesofcoalcon- theNewEnglandrailroads;afterwhich£swentto* short it; I can swear to the words I gave; ha »r made a little sport of his wifeMacgaretDorlaad,(avery sweet,good looking young tody, sater of Mrs Harden.) sworn—Went to Rasuey't,nan taid you that I potsooed bar;" 1said that it wasamisttfce,andnotso,Mr.FishersaidbutMUL..1,J it; "Well." he said, «i ob/ectto herrnaarejW t t » b Xpanics are also more or lets injured. The fiats or Barton Washington, where hit services were eecuTed by ourwere covered with water several feet and the dwellings government to accompany Governor Stevent' expedition a telegraph company which should refute toaadmetMr.Harden;heaskedifIwantedtoteemy preachedto-d*?,foruntilthatjuryagW^makJ^t dence,Is,weareInformed,carriedaway,sadthein-were greatly injured. We have not heard of the ton of say fives. Thslong railroad bridge screw George's Creek, immediately above Wm. Coombs, Esq. s, resi-fromStPaulisOregon,enwhatwascalledthenorthern route for a railroad. He acted as engineer and aivanoe guard for that expedition to the Pacific. After their arrival oa the Pacific to Oregon, Governor Stevens thoughtproper,forsometrittmgcause,topic*aquarrel withLeader,irttah wisnnahysettled without aduel.spresswhose correspondentswere notappointedbyit self* Tbe independence of tbe tetegnph it, to a great degree, conducive to the independence of the press. If by special arrangements tbe telegreph company reduces itsratesteoaereporteroragent,totbeexclusionofall others,ttinameasurecompels thepresstoemploythatearneriss corpse; (repeatled Ithke waords used by Harden, aagtveabyMrsDorland;)dontthinkI"planedmyhandoasay side and said "My dear sater," *&; heearnedmaforthoselettershehadateatMrs.Hbefore timeafter,hesaidhewastooweak:onSturrjlTaaattendedwithooasideraatoIonteincitlsenf.ThelowerAfterwhich,ColonelLanderselectedsevenmentoac-reporterorsgent;whereas,byplacing*allontbeeasaepapertwillbesufficientlyapparentwithoutfurthercoa-,.SVISL'S!"bsaTaiegraphuWv5 L S * ^ ••* t^onptoto tworktoferder toOoi. Lander escaped without receiving even a scratoh,•Bdfromthatdaytothithehasbeenfamiliarlyknownamonghisfriendsas"OldGrizzly.>» BereachedUtah maybespeciallyfavoredbytbeTelegraphCompany, Territorywitheeiythreemen of theaeven he startedEssex-him he bad better come down and talk ths natter soon as the cotmsettoTwas ! waled wTreoei^adTpoUte with from Oregon. From Utah he oame to too Antes The general charges between Boston tad New Yorky tryleg. I cannot forget it. It n oa myin at work, or at church, and everywhere, between the cities witheontentthan muchwithouttt Iknew shallimparttheIwouldn't like meto toilthe wholecourtship, but Inflame or consuma.- eo lhat there ia tomething oa my mind, vary "BarrsucAV Ornce, SAVAKSAVtheykeepiaststtaguponmytelltngthem Towhichwepromptly« i won'ttellthemuntilIseeyou,butIctn- recnoase,trtrtrattsdlothe« rJmember what youYoutoldnothatyou Tom EDITORSorraa•fahghtotog2ri*£S!"?f ooold « * wtU His railroad surveys to thehit compliment! te the editor of tee UmJlahUmand ithat£ X 2 £ T £ £ ? £ ? * * 'f* ^P0 8 !0 "P00 " y man.Pactoc, I believe, nave aot beta imbltohed hTor at the joliow the example of the tour lines sow nailed, sad en-hoodoftbeNortX^SfLLm^fySL}**"»"*» vtootoetethe man- 1. Resolved,Thatellarrangementogivingoaecustomer (7) Thiaisamstake Tbe»TM??fJ!??^.£ <5M«-or oae cltss of castonen special advantagesto timeor wasnearly orqoitongrentol(i*4fto«t^»«^Bom<»>,,ri*»•tbefintofAnerteaa priceoveranothercostonerorclassefcustomers,underreagementwasniDe)«ttwatta^$»,n^tsttwssrr^arrested byDeputyUnited=176,410 1216,660 3416,704 7216,62287 Seneca40,240 1* St. Lawrence.. 27,030 90 Steuben1,772 28 Suffolk 37,472 3 1 Sullivan. 59,200"1081622 87 Wayne 60,722 90 82,74$ 83 Westchester... 174,828 7Ta word, matter for which the regular charge to mer-chants and all other customers it three cento a word. (8)80 flagrant, aad so destitute of ell reason is thto abuse,that an attempt it made to sustain tt by claiming that, be- of tbe rates paid by the Eastern press would appear teWe are permitted to make the following extract from aEI,triote At Concelsville, the Youghtogheny attained a stagehigherthansayrecollectedbytheollestinhaoimat.The cond Congrttskmsl district ofNew Jersey to thessxt "^•"* ZWI08BAJUIUh,VisePresident withatendereftbeirwhetforfiveornenyean,torthebridge wsa carried away tad much damage dona. It was built in IMS, sad cost $7,000. The nilroad bridge aver Dunbar creek, and one or two others of less tmport-Congress. #TOT LA>»**80*1*9KAHSABFsaaBeaa PAKTBYBO EARS—The war between J i n Lane, •< Governor ' Robin son, Kedpath, aad other heroes o f " bleeding Kansas," goes briskly on. T h e tost number o f t h e Leavenworth Herald contains a fierce letter from Redpath to Lane.de nounclng Robinson a s a perjurer, and signed " neitherrnessNT BATH PAID BY nor KASTXBV PRBSS. The eight Boston papen now pay $650 per month, ave-raging $2 71 per day each.The sixteen way papen new pay $853 $8 per month,averaging 78c per day each.TbHslattertun, however,tonetpaidbythenequally,hut as follows —Each s f the three Providence papen pays parprontt tnaenMskn of all prtn banana frem n n s a ,ton, a d h drop copies s t intermediate quarter of one cent par wot d.The members of the Aneetotod Pren deemed a1for their owa, o r M n interests e f tbe pubbe, te aM the evident intentions of the Union Conpsay to ercsh ontht Bouse Boa, aad they therefore rejected unanimously a *oe, ware atoo swept away, with tome three or four taw-lb. and a large amount oflumber. A loaded coke boat, Kvtlle, bad a valuable oow twept sway,,and at Overton your rriead tor well wiaherV' GOT. Robinson toeqaally some $8,000 worth of whiskey, aad s number of hogsMr. Ilmktosna last night, but don't remember having teenhim hefare; tt it possible that Harden may have been atmy offloe; have been sahpesnaed both by tt e State andthedefease;myofficeistoMorristowa;mygeneralsys- othersInjured. . otherpapen,taytheitretsonslbtoforhischarges,ete, Anindignationmeetingoftbeeditorsofthesesixteen ceivedfromtheint,andalsotogivetotheCuenen,temishomeopathic;have seen thepowders shownme before; Chancellor Williamson, counsellor for the defence, snowed them tome,and I took oneorthem;1putupAtWestNewton,Marble'spaperarill watfilledtothe second floor, and Plummer's grist mill to the third floor. Preparations were made to due time, sad everything b u t the machinery removed. The stores and dwellings In different parts of the town were hooded and mucn da- mage done.At Newcastle, th e Nethsnnock (was very high, sad a considerable extent of ground overflowed. The old tow pathbridge,whichhadtoberattedtolettheboatspast underneath, gave way while three nonet aad tm n e nwhtchTbefog Interpreted, is supposed to mesa he * will toetofightabout it. I have no doubt he oould prove m y testimony false to that way, if to say, but I think I shall not challenge bin ustil—1st The WyandOt constitution shall be amended.2d. Until I believe I am heatea to the use of the pen tad tongue.3d. Till I have t o n e more evidence than now exists thatGen.Laneevercouldbemadetogoanyfurtherto- wards s fight than a challenge tad its acceptance.way papert haa been convened to meet a t Springfield a tire revenue, ( t o n only astual axpenen for nshnaw few dayt hence. We trust that those gentlemen will b epleased to take notice of the fact that the amount paidby rent, eopving of reports, ex.) which ant. them for tetegnph messages weald aot pay the ooet of be derived fron Boston aa* toternansswept from the different yards. The dam at Clement'smill,on the Redstone, was washed away, and several Gea Lane, in his letter to the Leavenworth iZeyutrr andtom lands, including these of Means Myen, Camp, Da- all in favor of Dixon, by maay hundreds, ths general arrangement will be oisoontinued, and that the tame proved. Relying. I say, upon these assurances of Aldager, Wier and Vankirk. The dam at Lacock's saw mill, footings stand as follows:—tome three miles from Washington, gave way oa Tues-day,lettingoutanimmensevolumeofwater,whichdid Dixon,democrat,andtowandordercandidate....$8,068rates will be charged as are now charged, or may be and bis then associates, ibe pren aad the push] heree/ter charged the Aiaociated Press. were induced to look with favor upon the im -8.Resolutionadoptednewt.am.atsspecialmeetingof posed consolidation. Theresulttonowbeforeus.Mr. serious damage to the farms extending down ths North Sloan, black republican, sad nullification candidate.67,970 the Board of Directors of the American Telegraph Com Aide* to now found among the toremost of hba frame store room, occupied by Hiram D . Enock, was ttarted from Us foundation aad carried some distance, where it lodged on a slight eminence.The Wheeling (Va.) papen contain additional particu-lars. AtWheelingthe waterwas tohighthatmanyofthe inhabitants of what it called the ''Island" were forcedto desert their bouses. Skills, yawls, flat boats aad raftswerecommononmanyofthestreets. Regularlinesofsmall boats were runntng upon tone of the streets, sadeach passenger was charged five cents. Lagrange, Wells- mendation of Jndge Betes for the Presidency that be has Rnolved, That tbe question of tbe tariff be referred to These rates, however, were subsequently modi fled anewstand; hot water, mustard and vinegar were applied out- reached here yesterday tn a skiff. Theyreport tint thereroe if I would pay my addreraes to her if he would wardly ; she said she had had inflammation of the bowels is no estimating the damage done to property all along body who wants aa office on the strength of the numberi her consent (laughter); and I told him that he might i what she said about it (teughter and " orderto the t"); shout three weeks after the marriage they rattedmad went to Ramsey s, returning on Sunday with Caroline iand myself.the Ohio. At Lagrange there are several trains of oars collected, and a good many water boundpassengers, who are offering mbatoua sums to get away.of bis children may be set down sa to favor of Edward Batesfor Presidentfrom 2,000. QrAuncATiOxsorRATSSMmrosOmcs—TheChicago4. Resolution adopted at a special meeting of the Board united sad naed the rates te the press en long ofDirectorsoftbeAmericanTelegraphCompany,heldin aboutonehundredpercent abovethe highest rates«t tbe city of New York, on tbe 14th day of April, I860 — the Washington or any other telegraph line in the werM.Amecrat tayt:—Erer since it was set forth as a recom-duced to Mr. Harden in the sitting room; he said his Tueedav morning the water was running all over the Union party for the Presidency. It it too tote; Old Ssa injoaiice In the resolution of the Executive Committee pany owning the New Orleans line, ea heto now tht Bo wife bad beet complaining of s pain ia her side for some Island, and hundreds of people a n quitting their hornet touching tbe press rates between New York tad Boston, sident and one of the Executive Committee of tbe ArssrV tune, and had a bad cold. (Repeated the account of Mrs and crossing the bridges in anticipation of a still greater Jsctoto Mea the track. and that all the excitement on that subject bee grown out eaa Company. Per maay months previous to Pettis?,eiimtoerf—The divorce was spoken of the firsttiers were about half a dozen young people there, H. being out to the rate, aad of ner subsequent slskncss.) rise. The Suspension Bridge was crowded from daylight MAYOB o r NEW Oauuxa—The Know Nothing party In of the gr OMest m'srepresentatlon. The order of the com Mr. Barnum, Mr. Ysaltfil, Mr. Swain, a a d ether towhgthe steamer ahana flrahatn.thai s house la Lagrange, sshortdistanceabovethecity, hadbeen washed away,aadthatfivepsrtoatweredrowned. AaEnglish femily,consistingofafather,motherandfourchildren,liv-ing on Deep Run, about six miles above the city, w e ntwept awsy on Tuesday, during the norm, aad allperished but one. All along the Ohio river great damage of the Albany Arpus, IS the largest ever known. From a was done by the flood. It is estimated that the damage careful compilation of the value of property, aa reportedallow the Telegraph Company to drop copies of hit re- furtherance of this Halifax arrangement, the New OrmmMonroe os a candidate for Mayor.Use weethrown open to thefret oraetrty fretam ofcertain newsagents andeditora,eachofwhomwat totbedailyhamtofbeepingeveryimaginabl*abuse upon the Associated Press for its resistance of the Halifax contract Mr. Barnum aad hto *nor1*1it alMaadThe State Taxfor1S60.The State tax the present year, tayt a correspondentport!fortheiraccommodation,eeheretofore. ($) Wedonotcalltoquestionhierighttorefusethtoaccom-modationtotheintermediatepresses;buthealone,aadnot ibe Telegraph Company, m responsible for all the inconve- nience to which they are subjected. (6 )9,869 10was centusffi bya majority oftheoSsas nVa*•commit ee to wait upon the Insintii Pren ef tab atettat date, the rates mate be uniform and 10 all 1he should endeavor through the press to reduce the Avenge per month$ •$"00 8*8 $81.82* toIt is the duty or tbe Tetegnph Company to serve all theInterests of the community alike, without making itselfthe slave or the partner of any one of them. Thto daty ttwill endeavor to perform by holding its lines open at fairratesto all customers on the tame terms, aad by tteralydismissing fron its wrvtoaall employes who may been"gaged tn trade, speculattoVor hutmers of any sort, car-ried on by noons of telegraphic correspondence. Theindependenceofthetelegraph,andtheimpartialityofitsnaasgement,itesimportanttothe.interestsadsafetyofthe oountiy as the independence ef the press. What assertion that tht reports avenged upward would the independence of the press be worth if of 6.010 words per day, and ch*leoge S oae n a n could dictate to the whole press of the United reference to the report* thetwelve*, ta paebSbsd States what it should publish, sad what It should in the Boston papen. I have bad tbe reports seat frow notpublish—orwhoshouldbecorrespondents,sad NewYorktotheBostonpaperscountedforthewhev who should netr And what would be taid ef year of 18$$, tad nakethe average within a frectm sfthree thousand words When tt u cotaUSred thatte* line suits itself about reading oar news report*to bo East,sndrarelyreadsmorethan afewscoresofworn. except when it has no other bustoen on band, wtobt re- ports coming from tbe Eastto the New York papertsre paid for at fuJ rain, tad sre eatttiod to instant dm****, themodestyandliberalityoftbecommitteeiadeatesa- ingthesameratesfromtheBostonatfrontheSewT*raNa'stJwStoiMonthly receiptsbeing $00 for each business day, aad making a tetol el shout $28,000 per annum.(6.) And yet, so far at Ican.'••^j"^ *"! „>, r way papsn are flrmty irnrw^^ane^iwit^ « •found that we rent to Boston to thati»^-_^r ,.3 1 «$2S* *$ s W a h i h i , h«aJ4«A tote, undated, complaining of Htrten".KBgef,jne.r»fhaTctty,onFrtdayfiFB theanetvea,that this statement-h-orrart. JW.•^)few4"TiTlaT^tie^lr^^iier^olta sentenced to the 11 '•"••Itosi fiwtnoataj* torR W . RUSSELL, Committee of the Board of Directors188$(8.) I have already shews, by an srray « < ^ ^ ^at city j.•••••WHW^^ www mmv / ^ H l IVCThomas M. Tryniski3F0u9ltSonouNthew4tYh13069www.fultonhistory.comhmTl» cawl rtrJnt »i tata*BaaxSata.M«aate.db,otthee.urtt'^Mrtitrrgyartaroatatfevams;e•a*i•j_h•o-*ldT»i•L«laKes 11<w-)thoSrtkreet 