 NEW YORK HERALD. of the interior begins to make its appearance in j the neighborhood of the capital, and amounts, asbeing made by the Mazzinians to b trouble, with a view to proeweof republican institntioos. The capricious character of the[fresh the kingdoms of the world on the condition of the South will be the policy proclaimed by evidence that many of those who went entha- that he should fall down and worship him. If the Chevalier Webb—the halter, the hangman d»*tically, and perhaps defiantly, to the polls >le and we estimate the temper of the South rightly, and civil war. to vote for Lincoln, disregarding the warnton It hi fortunate that nobody attaches any degree tbat preceded the Presidential eieenea. i t i l lwe are unformed, to 26,000 men, with a formidabletrain of artillery. When these forces are unitedwith those already occupying the plains aroundthe capital (10,000 men) that city will find •fries M. v . oounu or revtom «*» MAMAV STS. itself attested by 35,000 men and aboutj\mteneuRDOH BBHMKTT, B-T<* AKD morajcruKpeople the President elect will receive a reply similarv.uHiuu, r«••«•••••••« 1•AMOnMElfT* THIS .VBK1MO.Tke President Blect BreakingA Ve4ee::pKai 8pH»gfleld.touching these Southern disunion movements. He has been elected President by a large ma- jority of the vote of the electoral colleges; butIt appears, by n circular just inmed, that the republicans are abont to start a new paper at Albany, in opposition to Weed's Joarnoi - ,ACADEMY OV MT8IC,innM—ITALIA* On-It would s^p*af; by a despatch which we re-ceived yesterday from the home of the Presi-dent •stetf that Mr. Lincoln, in view of the criti-cal, condition of the country, and the intenseconservative pressure upon him, is disposedto break the silence which the leaders of hisparty have imposed upon him. Mr. Lincoln'shome organ contains the following significant soon ascertain whether any Southern gentle- manifesto, which, according to our Springield men of character will accept places in bis correspondent, is known to have proceeded di Cabinet. Every one will be disappointed witht is a purely sectional and artificial majority. paper which they promise shall be conducted The popular vote of the Union presents a posi- I m *be service of the party, "without tenta-tive niajority of nearly a million against the rizing concessions or vacillating expediences." " irrepressible conflict" of the republican party, What a hard bit at poor Thurlow. And this new and against Mr. Lincoln as its representative. journal is to be edited by the Canal Appraiser, He was the candidate of that party; but on the Thomas B. Carroll. Reference as to the enter- 4th of March he will assume the office of Pre- prise is made to Greeley, Bryant, D. D. Field, sident, not of the republican party, but of the William Curtis Noyea, George Opdyke, and^^^**>*i+,"**»m^*m**m^0nm0*^^^pwill tend to encourage all consolidation of the newL The to the rebuke administered to Beelzebub.kingdom will We think, finally, that every sensible person' Of Webb. But bo echoes the sentiments of Sena- second thought, east their votes the otoer w»y.r»**.V a-w *m i d M M Jfon—«•< !»-«*« »*l*ss*tk* have asfcembled under the walla nnta the 15th De- ^ * «« -"-tor. *•"•• M «•— M> «w~_ *i#«i /V*cember, and then operations win commence.*' The IS w^zPg^sSg^^^ English and Prussian Ministers and Mr. McLane SPWW,IM'$3 Mr MMHL' tAsJMW'HflilW SdSSSSI M > f WssWi'WS, are sUUat Jalaps, and the new French Minister,meat and difficulty. the head of Victor man who has hitherto emergencies of a meet position, and whose pi enable him to surmoiustacleathat lie be plisLment of his greatpredictions uttered by Mr. Lincoln himsetf inKansas a year ago, in anticipation of the elec-tion of a republican President in I860, and of North in the present alarming crisis. MotoMy Southern movements of rebellion In conse- has be been denounced and his proponIuossquence of his election. repudiated by the jonmals and leaders of the The crisis, then, demands from Abraham republican party, but they are now oonspiringLincoln, President elect, a proclamation to the to deprive him of his position at lobby manager American people of his views and purposes and to appoint a new State barber in hu place'r*^_TL£fo. —»»•Uf. IIM,•_*Bat-«_K*m~4K * <*>M. Dubois de Saligny, who arrived on the 19th nit. at Vers Cruz, in the Spanish steamer Pixarro, was to have left for the capital on the Uh inst Pursu- ant to a decree of the constitutional govern- ment, Congressional elections are to be held en the third Sunday in January next, and Congress will assemble est the first Sunday in February, if not at the capital, at some convenient point to be named by the government. A pro rata distribu- tion of the 1400,000 restored by Degollsdo from the conducts has been made at Tampico, between the English aad French merchants, to the satisfac-tion of the latter, at least.By the arrival of the brig Isabel Beurmann, we have advices from Port au Prince to November 24. There was a report current at Port au Prince that seventeen revolutionists had been taken pri-soners st St. Marks. A Haytien man-of-war brig,with troops, hsd been sent to that port. WhefterNTBLO'B GAXDBlf, Imdinv.-lMnn.WIKTSB OAXDSK, Sn-dway, oppo.ii* Bead •tra*.-BOWKKY THXATBB, Bowery-SrAU>uw A Eoon't KOOIUTKLUI T—IK.WALLACE'S THEATRE, Br«*dway-MOOT, L Hrrotmm.LAt «A KEEXE'8 THEATRE. No. CM Broadway.- fcaTOt Pum.sa.KEW BOWERY THBA TRB, Bowery —MAXKITA-Dick Tuarm—DOIH,I»U IUMA Wir*.BAKMM8 AMERICAN MUSEUM, Broadway -Day aad Evening—liAiiiiuuo-AJTSC Cmiu>aaii—Lm»« Csaiosi-United States. His obligations will extend, notto one section, but to all sections of the coun-war. _____________yield one particle of their fanatical dogmas. North. But the result of this onslaught on Weed may Political sentiment appears to be under- be a tremendous split to the republican raakj going a very extraordinary change in New in New York, which is bnt a prelude to a gene-Tisa, Ac. ^ ^ ^ ^ ^BRY ANTS' MI5STREUS, Mechanics' Hall, 473 way. — lit R—AQD**, S o s u s , DASCKS, AC.—Uaai> Ur.Broadtion of the Port au Prince conspirators, we are not informed. If the former supposition be true, it would show that the revolutionists rely upon some kind of backing and support, and that the execu- tion at the capital of three of the leaders has not deterred others from s similar attempt some three weeks later.By the arrival of the pony express at Fort Kear- ny yesterday, we have advices from California, Oregon, British Colombia and Japan. The ac- counts of the disunion movements in the Southern States had caused a complete stagnation in busi- ness at San Francisco, and great excitement among the people generally. Some of the Breckinridge papers favor the formation of a Pacific republic in the event of a disruption of the States. The steamship Cortes left San Francisco on the 1st inst. for Panama, with $1,228,209 in specie. The ac-HOOI FY .1 CAMPBELLS MINSTRELS, Niblo'sSalooa, Rruwlwuy —KmioriAjf tHMtos, UASC**, BURLKSUUKS, Ac— BILLT 1 Jrrsssoa.CANTERBURY MUSIC HALL, 063 Broadway.—Soscs, D o c i « . Kiautsaciis, Ac.JsRLol'FON, No 5» Broadway—Soaea, DAICCXS, Boa- LKS<III\ Ac. ^^^^^COOrER rNSTCTTTE.—Bar. J. C. FLXTCHBB'S Lacroaalor behold the night cometh, when no man shall work.The Republican Orntora and Organs on tne Crisis—l>uty of Mr. bineoln.Since the late emphatic declaration of war against the South by Mr. Senator Hale, of New Hampshire, in reply to the disunion warnings from the "soiton States," in view of an anti- slavery administration at Washington, the newspaper organs of the republican party have plucked up courage, and are loud in theirThe Benetton in New England and tneOili T M l«Nfi (iARIRAI.HI.New tora, Friday, December I*, I860.The Newt.At the meeting of the House Special CommitteeEngland since the election of Lincoln.In some places a complete reaction has set in. Conservatism seems to have grown sud- denly into life under the pressure of com-ral smaEh up of the party all over the country,UNION ^V^JNJHMIIETROPOLIS.of Thirty-three yesterday a resolution, offered by Mr. Hu^t, of Arkansas, stating in effect that the existing troubles were to be regretted, and that proper remedies should be applied, was adopted by a vote of 22 to 8.The proceedings of the committee appear tohave disgusted the Southern members. A caucusof representatives from North Carolina; Alabama,Georgia, Florida, Arkansas, Misaiaaippi. Louisiana the currency question. We refer to the telegraphicand Texas was held last evening, at which a mani- festo to their constituents was adopted, announcing that all hope of an honorable adjustment was ex- tinguished, and that the only refuge of the South was in prompt secession from the Union.In Congress yesterday both houses passed the Treasury Note bill. The Treasury will, therefore, be relieved of its embarrassments, without un- necessary delay. A synopsis of the provisions of the bill may be found among our despatches from Washington. In the Senate, Mr. Johnson, of Tenuessee, introduced joint resolutions proposing amendments to the constitution, with a view to the settlement of the existing differences between the North and South. Mr. Wigfall, of Texas, re-sumed and concluded his speech on the affairs of the country. The House was engaged in discuss- ing a bill granting land in aid of the construction of railroads in Kansas, and a resolution directing the Superintendent of Printing to have the print- ing done by contract. The first was referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and the latterrather mild and conciliatory towards the South,suddenly reappears on the stage in his original over three thousand. In Worcester, Roxbury,Charlestowu and Newburyport the Union can- threatens fire and sword, the halter and the didates for Mayor were also elected over thetheir unalterable affection for the Union of these States, and their firm determination to stand by the federal constitution and the laws. Without distinc- tion of party, people of all classes flocked to themeeting, and seemed deeply impressed with the im- portance of the occasion. Mayor Henry presided, and after prayer by Bishop Potter, speeches wereposed the passage of the measure, and as soon as moderate republicans press him to con- he finished his speech the Board adjourned, with- ciliate the South; on the other the ruleout taking any action on the subject.Captain Latham, of the slaver Cora, seized bythe frigate Constellation, arrived in this city on Wednesday night on board the ship Relief, from the coast of Africa. He was given into the custo-for its repeal was introduced by a democraticmade by the President, Joseph R. Ingersoll, dy of the Marshal. Daniel Benjamin and Geo. P.Judge Woodward, Charles E. Lex, Theodore Cuyler and Isaae Hazelhurst. Resolutions were adopted proclaiming attachment to the consti- tution and the Union, recognizing the binding force of the Fugitive Slave law, and the rights of slaveowners in the Territories; recommending a a general convention of all the States, and appeal- ing to the South for consideration and forbear- ance in the present crisis of the Union. A full re- port will be found in another part of the paper.Cushman, two of the crew of the Constellation, also arrived in the same vessel, as witnesses against the parties captured in the Cora, and are in charge of officers Stephen Wilson and John Doyle. The examination will be continued to-day before Commissioner Morcll.The Coroner's inquest in the Twelfth street tra- gedy resulted last evening in the jury rendering a verdict against the prisoner, Alfred Buchanan. The accused, in his examination, said he had made allThe Chevalier Webb is ready for compro- elected as a conservative—was requested toIn the Board of Aldermen last evening a pre- the explanations he could in reference to the case, amble and resolution were offered, setting forth and by advice of his counsel he would refrain fromthat owing to the disturbed condition of national politics, great distress exists among all classes of citizens, and requesting the Mayor to call a meet- ing of the people at an early day for the purpose of expressing their views of the course to be pur- sued to establish peace and harmony, but moremaking any further statements. The prisoner was committed to the ceil to await the action of the Grand Jury.The jury in the case of David Finlay, tried in the Court of Oyer and Terminer for the murder of bis wife, last night rendered a verdict, findingLincoln even if the matter went to the House.They were confident that some of the South ed since that day. Then South Carolina stood which the solid men of Boston are taking Americans would sell out. Winter Davis voted alone, and upon a close vote of her people, in to suppress the John Brewn demonstrations. for Pennington; why not for Lincoln' and if her attitude of nullification; for outside of her Six months ago such displays would not only Winter Davis, why not others of the same stripe? boundaries the Union and Jackson's populari- have been tolerated there, but welcomed with This game has been tried, unofficially, several ty in the South were paramount. But for all eclat and enthusiasm. Now, however, the peo- times. The newspapers have teemed with this, it was Mr. Clay's compromise tariff of ple are beginning to discover that the preser- "Cabinets," in all of which the names of twoor three Southern men have appeared. The that brought South Carolina to terms. How than the apotheosis of John Brown. Upon thetheir endeavors. Between each speech some mem-bers of the order sang appropriate songs, among for middling uplands. Flour was less uctive, and saWwere checked by the firmness of holders and the upward One Another." A committee of three were ap- tendency in freights to Liverpool. Sales wore moderate,which was one entitled " 'Tis Our Duty to Helppointed to receive donations to be expended under the supervision of the officers and members of the Order. The names of the persons on the commit- tee will shortly be published in the daily papers.The steamship North Briton, from Liverpool No- vember 29,via Londonderry on the 30th,arrived at Portland at eleven o'clock on Wednesday night. Her advices are anticipated.without change of importance from the previous fore, he is perfectly well aware of the fact that war!" No. It would be a war of extermina-day's quotations. Wheat," from the same causes, was bnuly as things look now. their aspect will be tion, or it would only end in a peace enforcedcomparatively quiet and sales quite light. Corn was iu even wotse if lie attempts to carry on the by a military despot, or by a treaty and a par-A brief synopsis of her news was received from more offering st the concession Capo Race and published on Wednesday morning,REACTIONARY TROUBLES IN NAPIJSS.—It wouldSumner a portfolio. And if any Southern good men, North as well as South, should be men were tempted to go into the Cabinet, directed to the great object of preventing a the ontside pressnre would be so great that Civil war.Total 11,445 15,542 18,611 17,118bat we give to-day a more extended summary of her advices.1,493 4.u97News frees Mexico, via Havana, is to the Idtostallowedto settledown quietly un-Untitled DocumentlOt pieces Of artillery. The besiegers will not consequently be a labortion of witnesses will be brought to a conclusion.the line in his own hands. Should any cause of the cause of South Carolina with theKEW YOBK HEBALD* FRIDA Y , DECEMBER 14, 1860.these seventeen persons were engaged in any newattempted outbreak at St. Marks, or were a por- We hear such frequent allusions to a supposed purposeon the part of Mr. Ltocola to call into his Cabinet two or three Southern gentlemen from tho parties opposed to him politically, that we are prompted to ask a few ques- tions :—.1. Is it known that any such gentleman of character would accept a place in the Cabinet?2. If yes, on what terms does he surrender to Mr. Liu- coln or Mr. Lincoln to him on the political differences be- tween them* or do they eater upon the administration in open opposition to each other?Now, this document is not so explicit or so straightforward a statement as we have a right to expect from a man who rejoices in the soubri- quet of Honest Old Abe. It is extremely foxy. It sounds a great deal more like William H. Sew- ard than Andrew Jackson, and is altogether a splendid verification of Talleyrand's famous maxim, that language is given to us as a meanssummary of the news in another column for intel- ligence of the whaling fleet and other shipping.counts from Oregon and British Columbia are un-important. The dates from Kanairawa, Japan,are to October 29. Trade was very dull, the dis-pute regarding the currency having rendered italmost impossible to purchase cargoes. A typhoon the incoming administration to yield one iota hsd destroyed most of the storehouses at Yokaha- of their sectional principles, and that if any ma. Accounts from Hakodadi to November 2 Southern man accepts a seat in the Cabinet be also report trade as very dull in consequence ofIn the Board of Aldermen last evening, the reso-lution to appropriate $6,000 for dredging the dockfor the Great Eastern was called up, and aftersome discussion wss adopted. A resolution fromthe Board of Councilmen directing the City In-spector to advertise for bids for cleaning thestreets wss concurred in. The report of the Fi-nance Committee in favor of relieving St. Luke's fare of the black man is doubtless an impor- Hospital from taxes to the amount of $40 70 wssbelligerent character of Bombastes Purioso, andsubmitted.The Board of Councilmen transacted a largeBut this is not the only omen of the spread of conservative sentiments in the New England States. On the 6th of No-amount of business last evening. A resolutiondirecting the Street Commissioner to advertise forproposals to clean the streets of the city for fiveyears was adopted. The Board concurred inadopting an ordinance authorizing the CrotonAqueduct Department to appoint a city railroadinspector, whose salary should be $3,000 per an-num. The decision of the. Fire Commissioners, re- which Webb blurted out some time ago, and commending the disbandment of Engine Compa-States does not rightly read the signs of tion, a member of the Massachusetts Legis- the times;" and be is 'sorry to add that the lature was to be chosen for a district inarch traitor of the gang is the chief executive the neighborhood of Boston ; the candidatesstill declare that the South must be whipped into submission. This is the doctrine of the 2rtoun« and other influential republican jour- nals. Thus the President elect is be- Independence square for the purpose of testifying ment of the Japanese embassy. Mr. Pinckney op- tween two fires; on on« side thewas postponed till Tuesday next. Both houses nies Nos. 13 and 21, was laid over till Monday.abouts after Lincoln's election. It resulted in the ral army and navy against a seceding State, success of the Union man by a majority of someadjourned till Monday.The citizens of Philadelphia, to the number ofMr. Shaw called up the communication sent in by the Comptroller last August, and moved to insert "$90,000" instead of "$105,000" for the entertain-"was virtually proclaiming that he would pro-tect his brother traitors in their rebellion;" andthat "of course Mr. Iverson makes a virtue of republican Vermont Legislature. A motion his treason, and openly and fearlessly pro-claims it, instead of being made to feel that he member; and, although it failed at the tune, the is talking with a halter around his neck, and proposition has 6ince been referred to a com- with his eyes resting on that Haman's ladder mittee of three conservative men: and hence with which General Jackson threatened theSouth Carolina traitors of 1832, and frightenedthem into obedience to the laws and the con- sorry to say.has not acted with as much judgment stitution." in this matter, for when the Governor— who wasnearly ten thousand, assembled yesterday in theirhundred and twenty. Again, take the recent ac- tion on the Personal Liberty bill in the ultraPoer, during a long speech, stated that polities admitted to them for the past week was 1,768, certain circumstances they would accept office doubt this; and hence, from the silence of theshould not affect such a good cause, which, he while those discharged only numbered 1,643, leav- in Lincoln's Cabinet, the republican* would constitution on this subject, the wisdom, as wellbought, was of far more importance at the pre- ing an excess of 125 inmates in the institutions gain two points of the game. They would be as the patriotism, of Mr. Buchanan's policy offt lend,Ki OAKLBAl„)i m*M i l i t a r y I n t e l l i g e n c e . DRILL OP THK fclXTB REOlMtNT.sent time than even the consideration of the ques- more than there were last week.able to inspire their fainting adherents with forbearance.aon of the secession of South Carolina, who had keen "going, going, going, but had not yet gone,'* Although they had threatened to do so for the lastthirty years. The speakers introduced the causeof temperance in their remarks, as an assistant toThe advance in cotton yesterday was sustained, batthe market was kss active, probably, than it would havefresh courage, and to tuuut the South with the old cry that the question after all was one ofMr. Buchanan desires to avoid this first bloody collision. He comprehends the consequences.The winter drills of our city miliary or^,ism>ti,ohi j.r« now fully inaugurated. Many of tho regiments, st.ni i bated by the recent parade* and the liberal encom.ams "i the press, seem determined to attain st.il greater profi cieney in their resjiective armsThe Sixth regiment, ooveruor a Guard, Colonel J eeph C. l'tnckney, assembled at the lower arsenal, FJtn street, on Tuesday last, in fatigue diess, f.>T military exercise They mustered eipht cwmmaucj, of tli.rteou (i.<« tro.it each, and in all about ItOO men Itiev executed s ?*'« '<f mai onn res in a comuieudi.bie manner, and won the ap i .auae of the spec tutors present ll.e euxiueer corps"* , i.i'.n uUri> doae.'viug o! hon-'ralj.e aii-nliuu for, proB r :ccc. in drul and martial be.ir :.,Court of Common Pleats. Before Hun. Judge D*'y .'.'.400 bales in transit and about 1,000 ou the spot, in lot*, closing with steadiness on the basis of about 10c. p r lb.ready to sell out for a liberal share of govern- inan's ladder," in*this connection, are as crimi-ment pap. nally foolish as the proclamation of the impos-This is not all. We presume that Mr. Lin- sible policy of maintaining the Southern Statescoln is a man of common sense, and that, there- in the Union by the sword. A "seven yearsfair demand and rather tlrmer. Pork was heavy and dull, with light asles at $16 26 a $18 50 for old n w s , and atprices heavy. Sate of sugars were light, and quotattons nominal at 4 X c a 6}ic. for refining goods, and 6c. a 6cBoston.CharlestownRoxburyWorcesterLowellNewburyport.. .. t>90 1,135 i«9 67»V Jo*. rV WU/KeQ rs. tie SirUt Aienue A'UKMAM < *appear by the intelligence brought by the Eu- the government could not hold together a In the meantime the panic which is upon us, The American panic formed the topic of discus- rope that the partial risings in the Abruz/.i, of month. The question then resolves itself into and from which our financial, commercial, ma-sion for the London press. The Timet regards thecrisis as more severe than that of 1857, but thfnia which we bad previously received accounts, this simple form:—Either Mr. Lincoln must nufacturing, agricultural, and all other indus-5,590were features of a general reactionary move- throw the Chicago platform overboard (it hassary. The Europe brings nearly half a million in ment, organized by the church party and the already been repudiated by the people), re- are already suffering heavily, should warn allthe alarm and agitation groundless and unneces-gold. royalists, and not republican, as supposed. In nounce all his anti-slavery heresies, cut himselfl i s news from Italy is not Important the city of Naples, on the 9th, a similar out- loose from Seward & Co., and appeal directly 11M atetrsihip New York, from Bremen 24th break took place, the lazzaroni siding with the to the popular heart, or else he must organizetrial interests of the North and of this city,nil, via Southampton 28th, arrived at this pert at two o'clock this morning. She brings no news.A pop uiar outbreak, fomented by the priests sad tat Maples on the 29th alt,, bat ipromptlysuppressed. Wealsohearofrisings the AbrmaH and elsewhere. The siege ofand there XL had led frost the city. Victor taanool arrived at Palermo on the1st last., where he was entheslasticaMy received.priests. It was promptly suppressed, however, a sectional Cabinet, and i>e content to accept and does not seem to have occasioned any anx- the I*residency over a Northern confederacy.concerned of the wickedness of wantonly ex- pending the flames of this Southern disunion agitation. But the leaders and organs of the republican party, with these threats of war su- peradded to our fears of disunion, are heapingtowns of our own State have experienced a Mr and Mrs C R f-odman, three children and two s e n a a u aod Mt an«i Mrs Watfc.u, J Butterworth. Mrs Atwood, H U** similar reaction. Take the river town of Hud- v.oo«, w'ife and Ojrve children; S*r*i> Loekwoud. JJs^rectly from the President elect :—Mr. Lincoln who employs his time in askingquestions, when he should be engaged in pre-paring an answer to the most important query try. What we want to know, then, Is whether tricts. It is evident that the great lobby king which the history of the world has ever pre- his views and intentions cover the policy of State barber and general manager at Albany, sented. It is not too late, however, for the conciliation or coercion, in reference to these is in a bad way. It looks as If he was alto- I President elect to redeem himself in the public Southern disunion movements, if Mr. Lincoln gether thrown overboard by his ungrateful opinion. The grand question is: has ho pluck would enter upon his administration with some friends; and this movement, upon the whole, enough to do it? Remembering the dangers of prospect of good results, he will not hesitate to indicates—what is of far more importance than procrastination, and the value of bold words relieve the public mind of these apprehensions the fortunes of Mr. Weed—that toe leading re- spoken in season, Mr. Lincoln should delay that with his inauguration, to maintain the publicans of this State are resolved to persistno longer. Let him labor while it is yet day, Union, he will plunge the country into civil in a non-conciliatory course towards the Sooth,whereby we may conceal our thoughm. terpreted by the partisans of Mr. Lincoln, this manifesto means that it is not the intention ofmust take office as a supporter of the Chicago resolutions, which "deny the authority of Con- gress, of a Territorial Legislature, or of any in- dividuals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Territory of the United States." It is very well known, however, that in view of tho evils which the election of Lincoln has already brought upon the country, a large proportion of the republican party has receded from the extreme ground taken at Chicago. The wel-•rebels." The Chevalier Webb, of the Courierand Enquirer, who for Bome time past has been by a republican Mayor, the Union candidatetant consideration, they say, but the prosperity and progress of the white race and the condi- tion of our pockets are of far more conse- quence. Therefore, rather than accept the is- sue of civil war, they are willing to give up all their anti-slavery abstractions and offer the olive branch to the South. On the other hand, the republican leaders, with the single excep- tion of Thurlow Weed, adhere to the policyterrible Wall street contemporary says:—"Thisis very plain language; and he who doubtsthat a band of traitors at the South meditaterebellion against the government of the United vember, the day of the Presidential elec-Americans of the Bell, Botts and Winter Davis school. It is a notorious fact that the republi-fices of "a seven years civil war." Such, too,are the prevailing utterances from the republi-can camp. Mr. Buchanan is declared a traitor the certain consequences of Lincoln's elec-ofgreat embarrass- will agree with us in the opinion that, instead tor Bale and of other republican leaders, and ofly there is at of beating about the bush and puzzling people republican organs, who are supposed to speak Tmrxivow, Warn a TxxwBuu-Tbnrtow WssdCabinet a states- with diplomatic questions, Mr. Lincoln should by authority. He echoes, indeed, the views and has got into a peck of trouble with hiirep.hUequal to all the one and delicate will undoubtedly the remaining ob- and the accom-throw off the mask, and declare boldly, faith- fully and fully the details of the platform upon which he intends to carry on the government It is utterly absurd for him, or any one else, to expect that any Southern man will take office under a President who has been elected upon a platform hostile to the South, and who re- fuses to declare his opinions in advance. It will not do to say that Mr. Lincoln's speeches contain his views. The country is in quite a different position now to that when these speeches were made. What the people wish to know is the opinion of the Presi- dent elect upon the present crisis in our national affairs, and what will be his policy with regard to secession. Then we can verycan friends since be suggested the policy rf conciliatiou and forbearance on the part of tieAs in-threats of coercion and condign punishment of Boston and four towns of Massachusetts re- against these Southern disunion "traitors" and sulted on Monday in the success of Union menern secedere guilty of this treason of dissolving the Union.cancy, showing that in the very hotbed of abo- litionism a love of the Union and a fear of the terrible consequences of dissolution are begin-«o the Interest of this, the commercial aad financial metro. polls of America, as well as to that of the people of the United States at "targe, that this ruinous condition of affairs ahould be t.peeduy ameliorated; thereforeRuolveu, That his Honor the Mayor be respectfully n qnented to call a meeting of the ciuaens of fr'ew York, at aa i any day, for the purpose of expressing their views aa to the course k> be j uisued in order to re-establish peaee aad har- mony throughout the I'MOD, and more especially to pre- noutce as opinion as to the merits aud feasibility of the plaa of etmtprtnise submitted to the House of Representatives by the Cougn-Mdoi.al delegation from this Cfty oa the Uth dav of Deotauber ISflU. wAlderman DARJUGH thought the Union had better be left alone. The South was determined to dissolve the Unioa, and there wnf) no n«e in Union saving meetings.Alderman OWKXit said that If report waatrtte, they eouid not save the city, much lea* the Lnicm. (Laughter.) If there was anything he could do he was r.*d> for it; hot he did not think thin a feasible plan. The community u alive to tbelr own interests if they deem it necessary.Aldermaa OKMCT said be did not mind working op a little ttauader for the Mayor, but as Una would involve as expense to the city, he sliould oppose it. To get up a de moral ration by way of preauibie aad resolution that distress cxiateo. He did not know that distress existed, if it did, it was.only amoaggt thorn who deserved it. H« saw no necewity for any demonstration of the kind, it m known from time immemorial that this city is in favor of the Union. He hoped the matter would lay over.Alderman TtoMCT was oppoeou to the resolution. Tha Mayor had invited some Demons to a meet ing in his office on tbe fcuoject, and be (Alderman T.) d»! nut s-e what this Board had to do with it If they interfered in the matter the whole expense would come back upon the ritr—an expense perhaps to the amount of $10,000 for pn» ersions alio d. monsirations. He was &>rr\ » res..;n tion of this kind ii_4 bueo offered. He hoped it w^uld not pane nor be rtw-ofmis-d by the Board.Alderman*BOOLK moved that th.- matter be r^Cerrei. to a special committee of lb: ec to ascertain the expense.Alderman T u n a i hoped not. t>periai committees were ''played.out"— (.aughtei)—aud he hoped the Hoard would act on the matter to-nightThe motion to refer U> a sperial tomnvttee prevailed, and tae (b-.r ^ub^euuently named Aktermen Cornell, iioole and Karr as :-u<h < ommilteeAlderman >TARK oBered the following:Kesolred, That ui-< Honor the Mayor be and is hereby instiucted toemploj twenty moosiooanes to be forthwith wnt 'ojSouth Carolina, u> be there employed t> convert th- m habitants trom pursuing a cjurse wh.ch will surely bnrig dt-^truetaoB on their head*.On mot.ou m Akierman Ft***: the g.-ntlenviu present ing the resolution was permitted to withdraw uThe Garibaldi Fond.TO T&K BiilTOK OF THK HJUtALD.NKW YORK, Dec 13, 1460 Please be kind enough to publish in your paper the fol-lowing letter, and oblige your obedient servant, IOMEN'ICO M1NVELJJSigner DomtNTon Mil—B.u and other Members of the Coa mittee for the Garibaldi Fund in New York —1 thank you infinite!}-, in the name of my country, forthe love and assiduity with which yon have worked for gathering means from the generous American people and frun our good compatriots for (he Italian cause But theIn his commentaries on the last disunionspeech of Senator Iverson, of Georgia, our ning to triumph over mad fanaticism.officer of the United States, by name James Bu-chanan," and that the declaration in bis mes-sage, that he could discover neither authority tion, and it took place about ten days or there- nor expediency for the employment of the fede-or ruin faction insist that he shall not give wayan inch. If Mr. Lincoln were equal to thogreatness which has been so suddenly thrustupon him he would at once cut loose from hisparty and declare for himself an independentprogramme. Great emergencies bring outgreat men; and should Lincoln, like Jacksonappeal to the whole body of the people, hewould not be without competent constitutionaladvisers. At present, however, we can see nosign of any such action. It appears highlyprobable that the "questions" quoted above the Union is worth now more than the sacri- an unconstitutional law under what it pre- have been thrown out as a bait to the Southernmises; but in the meantime, might and main, heis for proclaiming "that secession is rebellion,and that rebellion must and will be put down, peal under a threat. Rhode Islaud must be in be the consequences what they may," for that a very happy state when it refuses to repealeffectcan leaders boasted of their ability to elect for not enforcing now the example of General tion upon the condition of the countryare producing in New England is the actionvation of the Union is a more important affairwhole, the reaction in New England is a healthy sign of returning reason, and will do much to- wards allaying the excitement among extreme parties on both sides.That a very remarkable and wholesome re- action has been going on in all quarters of the Northern and Eastern States since the election of Lincoln has been manifest; but then the fact was only to be learned by the general tone of conversation, and by the more moderate spirit exhibited by portions of the republican press, such as the leading paper at Albany, and a few others. In the recent elections, how- ever, we have a practical proof of the fact; the popular vote deposited in the ballot boxes is the true barometer which measures public opinion, and that barometer marks tho figures thus in the following table of votes cast at the November Presidential election and the De- cember municipal elections in New England:—Popular tote.to the 1st, arrived at Halifax yesterday morning. ship's bags. Rates for London were rather easier, with gree. As for Botts, Lincoln might as well give tailing to save the Union, the efforts of all Manchester, N.H.I,288 842 1,782 1,^7especially to pronounce an opinion upon the com- the accused guilty of murder in the second de-Jackson in 1832-3. But times have sadly chang-1833, and not General Jackson's proclamations,promise proposition presented to Congress by the New York city delegation. After some discussion the subject was referred to a select committee, consisting of Messrs. Cornell, Boole and Starr.gree.The cross-examination of Mr. Blankman, in theenterprise is not completed.There is a part of our groatA meeting in aid of the sufferers by the panic inder direction of the "Order of Good Samaritans.''Mr. Guinard, of Water street, and member of that The number of inmates in the public institu-Order, presided. The meeting was addressed by tions in charge of the Commissioners of Charities Messrs. Dunn, Crow, R. M. Poer and Clute. Mr. and Correction yesterday was 7,9:14 The numberFanny White will case, was resumed yesierday be-fore the Surrogate, but the evidence elicited pos-sessed no especial interest. The case wa* adjourned so far resisted, th«' hook is now baited afresh, with South Carolina, and all the other slave-lam lis still oppressed by atrocious despotism The Iulians wui continue, with every endeavor, to ac<;omp;„shtheir sacred task—our union, and you must not abaj.d io your work tor us. Address and make arrangements WKO my dour and intimate trie, d, lien Avezzaua. to wlwtn a.one you will remit such sums as may be collected You will act entirely in accordance with his instructio<.isIn support ol our cause America has seut many ut her biave sons, and tho ltaliaus, with heartfelt gralitu-e-, thank her Keep your friendship for me as w J ; I as ever, wbiist 1 shall always be your warm and afl.viionatetemptation held out in this way having been stands the case now? All the cotton States are this city was held last evening at 187 Bowery, un- till Tuesday, when it is expected that the examina- and this time the President elect holds holding States are ready to make a common" Southern gentlemen of character" befirst bloody collision between her and the fede-entrapped into acknowledging that under .ral government. No dispassionate mind canbeen bad the private letters by the Europe* been at baud,and especially for lots in store. The sales embrace! the spoils'—that the South was always quite These threats of the "halter" and of "Ha-government with a Cabinet taken altogether$10 26 a $10 60 fur prime. Beat was iu light demand and from the Northern States. Upon the Chicago military chieftains. We hold that withtition of States and Territories between several platform he might get Bates and Botts. Bell the secession of one or half a dozenr—S'ozein>ier~> liep. Opp. 5,674 8,834 ii, 723 10,04* 607 1,671 733 1,028 1,023 1,223 1,408 1,632we know would refuse. Bates has been anSouthern States, even if they cannot befor grocery grades. (Wtoe was quiet and nominal anti-Blavery man for years, and his appointment restored to this Union, peace may be— 176maj. l.luomaj. — pany. l _ a was a_ action for damages for injuries iclUted on the p»_u»«f by the negligence of the d-ferjusuu' servants — August, 1H6P. It appears that the plaintiff aid s fr-jenS arti-mptad to get an top of a oae hone Sixth »"'' msec*", fhe fr:end suc<ee«ied in doing e-\ but whik piaintin v»a* trying to gel or. top of _ r car hts foot *-P' ped :md it was crushed between the wheel and th- trac* The defence is that the driver was engaged at the limec* the accident m giving chang- i0 passengers, aud u.d w*ee the- plaintiff nor know a n v t h u g about him una; D' Ielt the c*r checked, as if by pa.-.-:ng over a stone —' ar was then slopped, and the piaiutiff ws> then rouoi clinging to the car, badiy hurt. The deience also cunt.'ud hat the injurk* received by the plaintiff were the result i l his own negligence, m attempting to g°t <m th- r«r iv-lure it was slopped. Verdict for plaint uT, fl,SM >JArris »Is and Departures.IW!'AB5TCSKS. Ui-SRMOt—Steamship Arabia, from Boston— Miss Bo*.Freights for Liverpool had an upward tendency, and atThe steamship Luropa, Capt. Leikh, with dates the close 13d. per bushel was demanded for wheat in would not pacify the South in the KmatteHt de- preserved betweeu the two sections; and that2,073 1,661 2,77» 1,593iety to the government It does not appear If the President elect takes office with a fuel upon the fire. The Chevalier Webb, whoson for example, which for years pa>t has al- w aye been swept by the republicans, and which gave Lincoln a handsome majority: yet at theMOOBCJ, bv>K>n; Mr HSJTW. A Koyc , We-J Sewton; M*7 t a m i h e l l and child. John Unrside, I'ro*':den-e, Albert WHtney, V eimoo;, U a Hosmer, F « Heron, Miss Ko>-% Mm- » - M L . !• CI Chu! .r.c, h. , Mo* Shaw, irv'.3* t arrull" LiVinicMon, ViGrlauell, C H Walaei,_< l,inn/r»ui Jr, hlanugkUuvHNichoU, N Eotidanina,' New ^ i .Jorge Wert, f ^ - * / " / v Atajan Eolcmb, ;in.y. XV. M d* »»s*Ufe, lucw.o.dLevi, Cloelaud. Mi r J Mr. Ueerge Wliiis«n-<* an-: int^i .that the Mazzini party had any immediate par- ticipation in H, but it is quite possible thatsectionalCabinet,the actisavirtual declara- so flippantly speaks of "treason," and"trai-tion tbat the booth, being no longer repre- they maj have assisted in fomenting all these sented in the councils of the nation, Is out oftors" and war, is himself playing the traitor tothe great community of this city with hL-> i-Il the local offices, e.veepi that of Mayor and kock Ulaud 111 J ' White. » K Jones, Al.-ian.ter < *r*vdisturbances, in order to take advantage of them for their own purposes.We do not anticipate that the Two Siciliesliavcnpon, lo«a' (i W Koberu, St John, %. M, U'-i* t "»*••' shortsighted folly. This panic of to-dav. one overseer of the poor, to democrats by aa t. H Millar Montie*i: W TtK«ur»so»i, Hamihon i: ,ss>»f>will heder the new gofernment without attempt* Prince of Parkneee promised the RedeemerThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the Union.In this view of the matter Mr. Lincoln's which all classes upon this island feel, is badaon.Torowo; Eds ard Ti£*i.y, Canada.. W t ui llsn.si. aveiage majority of a hundred votes; and Li Moaeley. Edfc*<d SWc^ton, Maeetew-r Art ur WM.-O.Hull. Jou* teooll. Cork. <>cor£c warren. LiTrrpjoi. ' «-••no doubt almost every town in the State tan, Helfast-O. F.r JiiUifai-William M-el *'•• *> '•* ,—"questions" forcibly remind us of the interviewenough; but to make it a thousand times worse, between our Saviour and Satan, when the we haw only to be authoritatively augured thatraer. Adam Mcksy, Mrs Anna t'uiwonh. Bo-oni;' r «*• - New York; Re* Ur (oueiy st.4 servant WmT.-» '•* ' "' l_b*e«, J*lni Fi-*r, llobw-tg'iag!.*, Ma_f*t; J*ui.« .-a**importance to thebelligerentproclamationsmonth later — • - - *w» • „ • « — ~ , «s«»»«*i i«cvr, nnuer toe insnence of sobermercial disaster, present and to come, where Tne Dt«tnrbed Condition of National Po-nothing but defiant fanaticism and disunion ex-istedbefore. TheelectionsforMayorinthecityll tics—ReaolMl ton Reqoeating the Mayor to Call a Meeting of Cltiaena aa to U»e P l a n off C o m p r o m l a e .Boajtn or ALnnzaxN.Tliis body met last evening—Krwideat Peek in the chair.Alderman COEMOX offered the following preamble ant resolution:—Where*.', the preaeat disturbed condition of national poll tic* ha* brought about great diMreaa among all ehuaaa of ciU- ceo*, not only of Mew York hut throughout the Dales; sat « heif ae, there doe* not appear to be nay hamediate proapea of relief utile** prompt aad dndded measure* are takea M arrest thU disastrous progress of affairs, and to restore har- mony and good reeling between the peaaaa of the differs*!over republicans. In Boston, now governeddefeated the black republican by a majority ofhangman, death and destruction, to all South- republicans. These are facts of deep signifl- pot-i/oni, of our COSSBEMMJ country; aad where**, it a greatlywere a Union man and a republican; but there was a tie vote, which necessitated another elec-the repeal of this obnoxious law may be consi- dered as virtually effected. Rhode Island, we arerecommend the repeal of the Personal Liberty bill, he replied that he could not advise its re-sumes to call a threat. Another example of ther-December—, Rep. Opp.Republican majority in November Opposition majority in DecemberOpposition gain in one monthThus we see that in one month alter theeffects of Lincoln's election began to be felt ther^ was a gain in favor of the Union in seven local elections of 5,590.Nor is it in New England alone that this change is to be found; some of the republicancharter election of the 4th of thus month it gavewhich———_other leading republicans to this city, and ahost of republican politicians in the rural dis-and to pm-h the country to ruin rather thanDAMAGK8 AGAINST A CITY HAILKOAD COMPANf www.fultonhistory.comthe policy of Mr. Lincoln against the secederswould exhibit a similar result under the same circumstances. These facU afford conclusive<«Mefrvc-_T otal7 i 