 •othwtut"*'' trigonal* trul •e#Blr* i«e» tewera " •"*•** ertBern*tr»'" trBaaei* wui•>i»7a><*K I *"'•»* a * « '»er*gt»e!»y pattae oaly eo- •or* I Be*** sa»!«**are, •*** * r ' nasBais • wMavseste • B> » | » ' U t Lea B>«a 10 i / a * ouuu of UMteen, andtlri-iW*' »••*• w •*** *e»-nea«i p»<*>te, to I** t^rB^ «Krk 4M"** tB« w*w-t»l*> « H i * i | » • ! <vJ«'-JOM(I>».,'Be hurt'. rmrt-M tts ***T^ ^ *£grapfeM-Al pre tmn ri Tjoc lnra^, tad tn order to oeeare BV ABMTieiiL BT TIE I0RTH STAB. BeuiraJity of tae touuds awtoaant thereto, with retor«a<•• to any railway or vUusr iaie of mteronoanic etiatotuaiiu tton which aMy Be eowsvseteia serine the V-mtrmee <•Ben rurte, bar Brnannjc Majesty aud the rep-ibiic of Ho-' Interesting from Central and doran agree to cfasiit'iv and deear* the Btands ef Baa3tofi> thus lose a torge bed? ef easful cttizene. T ae re- trance af tte harbor wiO gradually o~i-j,»-y ajtaui. L>«tte>*ef ta^barracki st>it ne r>tarenreagree* Bn eheeeeo tor m ,ramp a»aor rxteee Bites off oam n cnui a arjnrvnmm can to* swvertmwtwBtttohidbte-can ewfar^ty <•*ratter as a w ttuiaatoe<aapaeraajmbioB te»aearned.weupetad oureyes»<••»* «i«b( a vsieti I aaary aeterasBsdmy- a-SouthAmerica.utn, Bduatee, Helena, L'Uta sa>l Bar b wetta, Tfttwilrl, to the U*> ot Hoadura«t a Tree1'r.rriLiry,under theanv msatv of the n-pna.ic Of Bood«iras.have ateo been reccivud Bare, atataig thattae take aad two rrver steamers are buttoteg at Wilmteerau, I^uwirr. tor the Trans* route. Thai has SMeverybody agog,endttey expect again to am tte Sueb 9mm of IKfO-Ad Qeseaponttebellgives bytheMasuenc f-atmityoa St Jeba's Day have followed represei>atioc« by the SaatoesBBawete;andaaawiegive b MrsCutty.ta«wifeefCoionelCaury,eftheCaaBiraaaay Tha awreewasgivenaeteutIbryforttecurposeoratr*<dnctog Capum Pim, ofthe Gorgon to »ne ,xtc of >TW*II Tneauitbj upttla at aninna tn BBtow up naatreuncaoa by a grand bad.As Captato Pim baa been tntrwiueed to tte ettieaea ot <;rr>Uiwu,!t» but rtebt that tte r-aders ot to rtoum saeam ateo Be aaaa sequaoted sr*B that e«atemae<jateaaPat• aaverabasvecaen«tYoungEegta** BewasOBro>tte<fnoersofUeResolute,ucder Uptam Keitett, sad "Pal's tinte" was see ef the ameien f-wic-itaeBrUyCewe*Campo**)gspeSlra/sTtt'taapC#tm/or inttecabaaadisiBasiltosat*ewe Bweeunlawarmmtow•pr-Brwa},,««»"«•t1wul**^**_*.T**^;*?* •MMaano* Mvtnea-'o*summc»*awaausettsnar-aleTeepresent>.»s*i*tiv ju.w.i*!nodexecutiveaathir IMPORTANTFROMHONDURAS. ucsmsaid«iandt&«iiremainintheexnrciseof«•>•:on<beParevteasW_i*BBaSSrWttll*ja*l«>*ta*aBW,aa«U» '»» »iT (.•» ai-d of ifc* law oT .ana, «"" "*t"r*l_ * ^ " f a*>>"* Jt!*t)**. and I* a * tBUfWe •* •** "***"""**?* *••*»»«-<*• (MAT hr aw «wi ye""1 aawewae •» m e eeeratty 0f a* >IMU ••e<m*e at >pi» case a*r theee-iifuta*d aaa ewiy m*.y, to* aew p.wter*y to- toeThe K c w Treaty Between that dTHECONCESSIONSOFGREATBRITAIN.funettnesunti'theLegvttrv-Afsemoiyoftaeaaaaaaaa.1- may ottwreak* provid«4, wiui, hitwevtr, the fol-owuig es eeptioiiB —Ail rnncttoa% boaerto emreiserf by the Grown of QtowBntaui, and by the Gov«rnor ot Jamaica, to the governwent and I,«nHotn?v f.f the saw adand. shall cease freni Onr the date ef the pruciamaiioo of this eoaveauon thersinand such proclamahmi snail be ma.te af sooa tt poanb^' TaeTVamat aftertheexchangeofraus^ati.>tlKNICARAGUA.MABAHTA,af tte bnmamm ea a kygsr a a surr-at. r wtthout be»Hltte to vaobto CtotoBa deesW » - f f n , 6 , . e e r a w w S«»fc»<«*.«-« a to* BBwaniegtr»rl^ii aae r*»rr» *i»,—,kut, WM that- preseasaiao of die subject' My B-fcort * « * i * « v Swwt B»rd to* toBffreenpil, Of re «••—d mm I M * M f . WBeB, I* aarktog to prBWIi to* ^W^IMII n %tirifti BMJJ&er i>» *mir Hour*'Dee » , lasfi.Tot IIMMfsei ea tare ef hoBseifaaheugbbeceoAweek aau twoefaiMBM-ei s sent to tte two bade then- BOOTTig ajrtegmeat, eaedSUue Oftee fUd-Onm- Fesafcsaft, Of. GV»CUtty.ae Fremck(toaV pot-y—Tke Htmtt oi oa Imrsti*enl—lmt Lomd Granted toBow .er» small-andtating m I tat Show oaly«M«Md iBandage ttrougheni their-waste bras,bu|wa ftt CAM'MMB • urtr aimw'wm pwlir i«y iimnn—• w UteMhui'rttine TV>ttwva,•»«••UM• y — 4 »nMtotyn k *BM»-fM> , l»*t !&•«« Btt.DOM «Bd (MIT.Mt are lu to ' w r r r [Miinf >oio or k«(i in uuaft • m. qwtoMMi <»f UM miKaurci *a«[m«iul» B a t MB » h y 1 o u t ymur &»*<*+ mmrmtwm to itoto OM IN * y«M • * * a—i—tototo » ) c«s*'«i«n n «tocn my ««rm»4 frwinl• Una » . M » ato—«• » TIWMHW of ntourai pinwall, Panama, Guayaquil, San Salvador, Mana-Dimi-government, bat, aa far sa year writer knows dignity esamaaaeB hy soma Baesasary te tte rank ef asavai eanmmader, a , neverthe*TM, to use h» «»n phrase pmstivehasbeendoneyet Teamust know that there otegy,'•astnnnin'gem!fetlow"», a* *ar •*•* • *m *atee aa* m every ia - toe tedotaJ sens'I . M M IBagnsbtege autten abaters, abort tha-k m traoie, aad eyes full ef tun and macbief, h e to aomewhtt aduu> u » « * « Gwa tow « • * • n — n w actome »tqKiijtor"Hfiaattoi«»<•sahwrwoftotamfm,ote>*• — a lliat it »*» e»«rae at ann^iuhMt raptae, fraud aad atoadar Wy vtoeottoMe minnaa asd (ax«r » i a H i j are to fcaiapaaaaitoditosanftonuaji Um». S-m,mitaa»a? to thai i m a y agaiaai -n-»m« law an I atturaj J«MU«»* V a) to>••«•aaaawaga.toaa,Iaay<n*aatoofttegfttoaW •ipny-t- at UMBaaaat e»ormo«a aa i tla<i*K>ua_caarai'ktr that rv«r araa p»rarofc~i u> IB»- hoaaaa tauad«to> M M h « ahralt hack from K wnh horror to a»w»ru*r «f the aaow ot aiao U » ao triTial <M|M»ee, that o»a> be Krtorated with luthat «M eaa excoa* au(aair«a tor aafwotuagIhtre awi* mawi Itsn-i of a hargraia h> aappart tt. ta»f*• «f ma hnaaan naiat w oauahie of•avi. * » JMI<a Ih* a*w«' ot tho hdman heart to «om a toatrr-acrptitmofi«wicXeaocasaadcrwttty AM«%K,Igua, aad Greytown.THE NEWS FEOM HOHDURAS •TtoeCoavtailoai ea*1896suad1S39.Wo suhjotn the text of the recent convention signed betweun the ptosipotentianes of Great Brtum and Hondnras. to the city of Conaysgua, on the 2J*h of Novemher tost. Thai ccnv enuoo tokos the ptoos of two others which wore signed to London oa the STtti of August, Ute, sad which tae government of Honduras refused to ratify. It will be seta that the eoaossmuasof the convention of 1869 are much creator to lavor of Boudoras than those of 1866.totted to the -ato*si Brgtoter br o<utesi u> *.iv«u<v- in the rule e* srniorrry, hut let .gtfcau.t acft»evem«»,s be followedbytosmeda»ewcteaiproinoiia,apartfr»mparty pontics aad party amueear.»%•>totlmaa»'«',tbuaaajtiat.vbaouiragaooaV U»>k.atGreatBritainhasatreatyofamity.commerceaadnavi- ofourLord,ISM. tola qoMrttoa aa A a t n a -tiaru*. w ahmacrsof Uuiitroatm.«h>w—anttawMrritaapaulutt 1aak*oaaraafeoogttt gationwanHonduras,withssupjtomeataryarticlegoa-Oar Sam Salvador Correspondence.'CrnrorSasrUi.vAn«Mt,!>•«2D,lR&/i meOjjBHttsftaaajsatstoreKweatoeampTargetrID he UK cflke* if toil ayatt-at of aamrry is ato ol aad onaattr Wttj . ita epifc-aoa owtar oar ayiteai of to*, aop partod b j uar jurv^wudiiooe, •ahUdhml by too I toitowof the maa. mmoaDhe and eryiag lopfoachthe whoto aattoja Uuvht %joat, eahgaiaaaiil,r laihaiati ar tu»)»hmaii to aavet, ahahahaada with, or eatrrteio at hai nahto <**• af ttoeae Houtharn ataTthoMerav flhrlaoii; aot Ifcero avoio he ao more propriety to htoit thaa to one at oar fair countrywomen, of paire life to aaMie with oae who wan thetee proposed Honduras railway. The present Is deaagnod to aattle the qoestouu of termor IAI rarato which have long unned betuesn the two coontnes,and to which the L'uited States has taken a deep interest.THE C0NVENTH1N OP 1869.Taaarr BXTWKX* ana UAJKSTY AND THX BXTTBUC Or HONDCBAS.hariBf been tasflH that it ;waa toat aad hooper, Companion of the Host MoooraMe Order of the Bath, Honduras, Sanor Doctor Juan Victor Herran Minister hVy mdeeti might hare the exeuae of *'toftooahto ber Brassagelaajeetya Envoy£xtraardtoary andMinis Plenipotentiary >ftheRepublictoHerBrrtannicMajesty, toaeriaBM," and ihey aaioht ho totoaaled aa BOX oncXed, tor Plenipotentiary on a Special mission to the Republics who, after having oommunaicated to each other their hat oaiy beaiaotad aad to error. W\ what tank' you of of Central Aawnea, who, after bavtog emmmmamtoi to respective full powers, sound tn good and due *orm. have the Bifr-*"*—'" of the 'tee fluten who kaow It w, wieked, each other their respective lull powers, tpund in good and agreed upon and concluded the following articles:—whoaayitn>atokni,whowraoapoatheirouuuuhooka, dueform,have.agreeduponandcenctudedthefoiloeiug Articte1.TherepublicofHondurasengagesnottodisradiani which made the gallant Decatur declare the lattfiesiMiBS of theproaent treaty, to order to enable that he woaM "Mauri hy hto country, right or wrong, her Majesty s rovernment to give the necessary instruc-must he pretty eaVctoauy east out from the bosom of • v,-ry aaieriean who eaa jom in thai oa'.2ryr of the , tto- ftoai aad the hater, pronouncing too conWanx er Segovia and the river Roman, the republic of Honduras engages to respect and maintain such interests. And tt is further agreed, that the oommisswners men ttoned to the prpeent article shall investigate the claims nt British subiects arising out ot such grants or teases, or oiherwaw, aad all Bnttoh subjects, whose ctotoos shall byfor Belly's company, and tt is.supposed a will, litta everything etee in that hue, vanish into smoke. Uur Mi nisitr, Mr Otmitry, keeps a aharo lookout on tbiutrs. and he will not let matters remain a state owo. Up to thai time netamg • to beaoprsnended.gwi-ste left the ship iu the small ho.ir* of mornine. T - 7 body Memrd to be bisbly pleawd wab the eBurtaicment. Sir W a . Gore Ousetoy, ber Braaumc Majesty s Mmsuer Bestoent visited this ship and was aaluied with the usual fifteen guns, on the loth astant. Be was accompanied by ha accomplished aad bo*uuful never eneounter again. Paaucg through Guy moan, a rti daughter, whiee aiUbiluy tohi ieariu.iy upon tne hearmoaato aaMtoratondtofly hehors that negro starery a thaa wicket! aad uajuot, au<i yet retain in h a bosom the seati- atasaof ietohty totato coastotatoaa. 1nowaad: J see notho* any man can tovre a lively, a proper, a just, a solid sd generally by toe aanves of the republic. The repub-seottsaent of patriotism (oatoaa it m that narrow patrtoi- saa which eaaatoes saelf to hto nanve village, aad shuts eat the great aad glorious present an 1future of oar vast eouatry I sad Join to the outcry agaiast the BBaaftoatoa of hto country, aad against the eatahushed and existingcarry into efiect any agreements already made, and now a course o bemg oarried oat, tor the sattstacuon of Bn- ttoh claims and it tt agreed between the contracting par- ties that the commissioners mentioned i n t h e preceding articte shall also ffiMims a n d decide upon a n y Britishtte aaa of am attach.Mr. Guzman, who has had charge of the Presidency forreached San Salvador. Here, too, the etrV-ets had been severely felt, although no very groat injury had been done.• wastraoa and destructive crusade against aerroaUvary.They d<> it aot miiiiniaSMistgry, aad this a their onlyexcuse Obeervauoa* are cited by my learned friends,to exc se th««r views and to support thatr course, fromoerv tUoatrwus ana ve-y dtsungmstW men Garthm re Honduras engages to respect aad mamtain suab interests. ma k» of tho illiaorious Washington, certain remarks ofPopularity tf Jera—£j*ec< ef the Mittum tu the UmttU Stale.'—Htm Mmmmd* Abandons Hu Omatract for Ueirur heavy battery—twentv 0 mch and two 11 men Dabigreen shell gun:,—a being worked regularly n o * a t tr week-, target exerstott, wtoeh, however. v e cun«»- raaveiy short, as the target—80u yards distant and ot theThomas Jefferson. are aotto fraqueativ eaed to thai con arcuon. No ao«>B0 minded, rational man believes that u these ii>uauTou* m en could h e recattoil to earth and hare at "•— day, hvtng waaesaas of the coadittoo of ourRepublic shall, within twelve months after the exchangeof the ratifications of the present treaty, appoint two comawaamueaa. one u> be named by each party, to order toinvestigate the claims of British subj>«to arising out ofCondtnauk to Death—brtiuh lnjiuencr in Central Ame- rica, 4c.Tour correspondent from the city of Rivas, whose tetterbave continued, but they have' been of short duration and slight.We have just received intelligence that Mr. Wyke. the British Minister, bas negotiated a treaty wnh Honduras, by which the Bay tetanus are to be restored to tuat State.They woul'-l he found, if they were here, on the sMe of their eouatry. t» proteeuaa as a waoto, tot orooperity, its peraiaseBcy, i» gtory and ita hooat Rwy would aot he found daaounotog the Amencan aaass at oswiroil with tho undying tUtiari in wrought with the perpetnation of mtoatioe. Thoy wouM aot he touad proaouaciog tho drat aruMnce to theof their respective interests in the said landsArt 6 It is further agreed between the contactingor ceastng to act as such arbitrator or umpire, another personshallbenamedas aforesaidU>anasarbitratoror umpire in his place, and shall make and subscribe suchraguan politics that is quite laughable says.—I ootiee that your aloop/i^yane corr espondertt iafonns you that Jerez Bauaensaiy popular, thai he will create a revolu ton, Ac. Quaetoeeontrary Jere« has lost allteapopaterBvj his own party ha*e abaadoued hun, Be now auods alone and skuas publiauy. his absence was remarked at the great toast afbanGtrnaBnoatMasaiyaontoe30auit.you that the sate ef health of Hon Beverly L. Clarke, United Stales Miuister for Guatemala and Honduras a such that no hopes are entertained of hie recovery. It a amid that, if alive on the return of the steamer, an effort will be made to get him on board, that, if possible, be aay react home.piece o. hypocrhry sad fatoehood They would nH befound —-——*p"t that the ptojjisin oaaaaraator, human agreements for the satisfaction of Brrttoh claims alreadyoqualitv found tn the Deciaraooti of ladeoonieace and mane but not yet earned into effect.ferred to their decision; and they further engage forth- with to give full efiect to the same.Art 5 The Commissioners aad the arbitrator or um- pire shall shall keep aa accurate record, and correct minutes or notes, of all their proceedings, with the dates thereof, and shall appoint and employ a clerk or other persons to aasau them in the tranaactiuu of the bosaesg which may come before them.fore, has lost caste with some of his former admirers andsupporters, he is by no means a " dead cock a the pit."His mission to the Lmted Sates, under the Marunez ad-naniatraoca was, after he had left the country. lookedupon as a political banishment by the people generally,and his enemies laugh heartily over it, as a very smarttrick of then* President Jerez, no doubt, let bis anxietyto visit our Conakry overcome hto descretion—he mightdeal, too. And then if you happen to s-n-l a pout- inquiry after your own. you are answered with a sua-lush, •'PonH know anything about iL'' That should be looked toto.On the 16Ab the Levant got under weurc and stood oat of the bay for ttaatejo to relieve the Saranac. which a to proceed tothat place agato with all poaaibte eespaich. Why and wberetore ume will show.the coBStnidtoa of Varptoto were toteaaod to incuide aeproos. too aaaa of oasamnni asase but eaa ase that theee words wore not intended to Include negroes Tbe- then exating oast of facts, and the practice of those men who tiaeu taesa. provu that they were aot used to the acase now esnasadad tor That, if your Hocors otoaso, » tudy iirmaarl to the Dred itoott decis-on Wa are there tohi what must be acknowledged—that it Was a free wtoas rase who istalashif that rapuhac. They made their Dtctoranoo of fadopaudeace, their coaasjtatton and thatr tow* for thoiaserrek They did not mtead to rnnte aaaer the MahiaasaniiiB. with his dosen wtoas aad his aaraguo They did not intend to tovde the idolatrousArt. B The caesaaattoeetu mentioned in the precedingarticles shall meet to the city of Guatemala at the earliesteoDveateat period after they shall have been respectivelynamed, and shall, before proceeding to a n y business,make and subscribe a solemn declaration that they willimpartially aad carefully examine aad decide to the beetof their judgment, and according to justice and equity,without fear, favor or aflV«tioo to tkeiffnwn country, all respecuve goveriimento. The contingent expenses of the the matters referred to them for their decision, an i such CoinmtoMou. including the salary of the artotrator or am declaration shall be entered on the record of thetr pro- pure, and of tte clerk or clerks, shall be defrayed in equalfcrWfTfaT*faTMswaTATs satlll tarnVBtl* k l O l K . T a M t Tdooare thakjtos aXnoan aogroes r mbahtotatoVtotbe poiiioal saaus,ratifications shall b e exchanged a t Loudon, a s soon a s possible withm twelve months from this date.to witness whereof the respective plenipotentiaries have signed the same, and have affixed thereto weir respectiveDone tt London, the twenty seventh day of August, to tae year of ofir Lord one thousand eight hundred aad oftv-enemy and says," see what a tool 1 make of your leader. ' The consequence was that, when Jerez came back, he was a General without an amry, but he • gaming ground every uay—his irienus are again hocting to his standard. and after ad be will not have tost any thing by hai mmuon to the Unttad Steles.Kan iHunnelfi has given up his contract for the Transit route: ft toss annultou at hto request about tte tost of October.There a n great dea. of bad feeling existing against tteOaur As pi as* a l l Correapoadene*. UxrrxD Srarss .Smr St 1/MJB, I AarciWAU., K.G.,Jaa 20,lsdu ,Dralh of a Larae 3m<kkoider to tte Paw aaa nVuirood— >><••>frsa Corfbapras CdwrtMartialtoteHate<*•Board tie Caame—Charges a n d (mamr-CBarpes— F«s«i» a a Part, aauWe arriTed bere from Greytown on tte loth a s t . w e left at tte roadstead of that pace the Unded Sates atop aabine and H. B. M. steam brig GorgonAxptnwal! bas spent a day m naurmag One of that citiasns of the place, Mr Kearney, died on the morning ef ttel8tthaa.,aadttbewss a targe stockholder ta the Panama railroad, a specal treat was demited to conveyof taroe werwa 1 aay aha aaaa who hakt stoi at saw. who a person, ana » «aeh aad every cam to which the com- the taabhiuoa couto aot have ao toaadried It to BmmtoBers may daTsr a opinion a s to tte deototon whichto BOttoaas they ooaM. Aad if a w thornat the aahoa at that tisse sosas persons of the, who hslsjwsa, slaveryhe wickod aad satowfal, and who contrived to gutamnu of the levoration ifrom that part of thecountry where the grossest to astvury sxaueof I aporeheod, so far as wethey ought toftve, a shall be determined by lot which of Mae two persona so named shall be arbitrator or umpire to mat particular caseThe person or person* ao to bn chosen shall, before pro- IOaot maneaad anmmrteu a aotooaa deetoration similar u> that whim shall already have Bean and subscribed by the oauiaaamnaiwe, which decto- be eniereu oa the laaurd of the proceed- In the event of the death, absence or mctpacBy of •of toe er bBtor omittingor i m aacb arbitrator or umpire,aau subecribs such deciarat»aand tae republic of rat hereof engage to consider thedeestton of tae •amiiain reojointlv, or ef tae aitotoainrer aamtot l xCLAREVnOV VR. HERRANTHE ANC.LO-HONDUBUS CONVENTION.to slavery, they may woB have grounded tt oa a octet or tte ease may be. as Baal aad conclusive on tteA decree of President Martinet goes into effect thinauBsarsawas aa to the ratoavr shares of pofcocai nearer which one or the other portooaof the ' U never eaa be said, wan •at these giai iisinn, or to tae honor ofbe referred to their decsMon; aad tteyArt,? Theooasjaawtoaers aad the arbitrator orptre shall keep aa acenrase reoerd, aad earreot auaauwThe convention now published to the result or its labors, and, as we bate alread* said, is now submitted for public anslysr* The government desires to draw out tte aenti- aeato of tte people of the State, as well aa of Uw public am of ether countries, in respect to the coavenaon now agreed on. It has determined to take no step m this mat- wr rjot sanctioned by tte sound judgment of the country. The pcpatent} of the smaaare will regulate, without doubt, the ceenuon of the Legmtemte In view of the difficulties which awretontre or—nil m ttatoray of a vindication of the andmihtml righto of the republic over tte Bay Islands,avi ef tte enaaltod Mosquito territory i&inana,wenayperhapsbetoleratedto a few observations on tte easental features of the•lands return to tte republic wan a o ttipulatioes ~ nduras. But a may Be eh-to a grant of Ujm a year, tor tea yeara,tothe»wqurtomd1an9wnom*yfall withinimport iiawora, aad that privilege has been given to a toon, now quarrels with Casttita (who toughs tt httu),aad Jamaica negro hack w the ace of spadea—uamod Elano comes to Guayaquil to preach up Union, Guaane. whichIt is said here that Gnardtote, President of Honduras. he should never hare broken to tte lace of tte enemy, has been condemned to death. I could not gteau the par- aad to seek a genera: reconciiattan, " ^ ^ ^ ^undaturbed.aad ptaee spisans her w a g s oace more over the paopte t a e PiwBte wttl Baaienatoly s a l for Vera Cruz, to (aareamam af aagaeafive Bsuucuons from tne deparmmaa. , J,on beard tte TJnated SmtoS ship Cyane, Commander Lock ft mama that tteBar nnjesty the Queen or the I uited Kingdom of Great Brnam and Ireland, aad the Republic of Honduras, beinK cenmus to settle to a friendly manner certain questions to wtoeh they are mutually intereeted, have resolved to condone a treaty tor that purpose, and have named asUe proposes to pay off the foreign debt of Nicaragua, t > attt, aad was there detained until tte a n instant Uu that on the Tth mst. The man who wa.- charged wnh muttaetsraaoratanihtm,orattoaatwoe.11 permithwmatoar•» eaaaa hero, attaa him aao carry torn hack into baadBgof Hoadaras on the mamiand, Her Britannic MiaisSj toto tte Caribbean aaa tt Cans Grades a Owe, as thename to a commercial operation but it must be a potittcatmove. What such move a cannot be tola, but tt is ne cipating tte terrible scenes that awaited me. During ttecetsary |bat tte United States and England guard against day a strong norther had been blowing, but about eight<t. I say England, because I suppose that it is more m- o'clock V M it subsided to a perfect calm—the sky fifetended against England than the United States. It is quite caae overcast, and the air sultry Every few minutes idlicuit to say if the United Suit,-, in a w*r between tin- volcano burled rorUs its showers of ashes and suae*,way, wo bare BOexcaae We kaow * to wicXed had per- arreea to recognise the Brands of Kmtan. Gaaaaja. Elena, boundary between the republic of Honuuras and the terWit he an. aad yet we ait down aad hwo hader a ai tow which miaapoa it* aupoort to thai oxtoat; and wBeaeeer oae of oa is elected to puhiic office, he pottCSBB, Bat barSOB and Mora*, known asthe " Bay Islands,'' and attested to the bay of Honduras, as a part of the repao he of Honduras.ntory of the Mosquito Indians, without prejudice, how- ever, to say question of boundary between the republic* of Honduras aad of Nicaragua.ttons for carrytog em the strpulatious of aaid treaty.art. a The Mosejiao Indians in the district recognised by article second of this treaty as belonging to and aider the sovereignty of tne repubheof Boadurss, snuli be at full liberty to remove, with their property, from theuxrnhabitebte. At a q arter past ton another slight shock occurred, sad at one A M a third.HiW YORK HR1ULI), MONDAY, JAXUAJ&T 30, LS3«. !V*iPL« SHKST. —Probable Settlement of the Vexed Qnet. vrrsment and iegaiatRie ef toe said auaaos, shall *»•• six Booths after the oato above m*utionea, unless toetioiii of Cstatntl America,AwotaloBaJry to the torurs ore gate by the baitLegwative Amentbty •halt sooner provide substttatos fo tte shove atohtomed iuncuooariesThe mhabilaato oi tne free territory shall then perma- nently namam the foBewiag righto andtoaamsMtos—1. To govera tteamtivea oy mesas of their oro muniapai government, to be admhiismred by leggdative eterlitre*andjaoMaatoffiorrs ottheirownelection,ac-BeteBSBBB of about thirty ttve, roddy swauataawa, 1of hai coontry a league won inquiry, aa iastmBest which,hy Its terms and tetter, unjustly and cruellytoiato three mtltoma of hwmaa toitogo, who are well en territory of the republic, and to areestoj wmmm answer the eoaasajaawaera be pruaentaod weB founded aad valid tt ataagna fit aawln the ttaautoto aweatosa. It * supposed uueo to tiberty, to hopeless aad lototerabte loudage. t they may iliatoi r; aad aueh of the awasjuato Uadtons who shall be quieted in the possession of their respective m-avd m « y oprnat, that I did aot see how aay hoove* manAt daylight I sarted for this city, having passed such a night and witnessed such scenes a s Goo grant I m avremain within the said dtotriet shall aot be disturbed la tae pceaession of any lands or other property which they may bold or occupy, sad shall enjoy, as ostites of the republic of Honduras, all rights sad prrrneaes anjoyteresta In tne said tends.Art. 3 The republic of Honduras further engages tothatif he hag instruct>,«s ana full power to settle wis unlic of Honours.-, being desirous of educating the MoaqiatoIndian*, and improving their social condition a t h e dis-trict ao occupied by them, will grant an annual sum of claims upon the government of Honduras that may be five irfmman-1 dollars, to gold or silver, for the next ten submitted to them, other than those specified a tho pre- years, fur that purpose. to be past to their head man in ceding article and not already in a tram of settlementrteons, decreed a loan of gl0,000 to pay for son- arms that arrived from England, and set things right u gene rat The scarcity of money has not abated. The Bisoop from Guatemala, who will take charge of his diocese in Nicaragua, to expected by this steamer, and Don Pedrotion to our guard makes a total muster of City-four mus- kets, which exceeds tte allowance of a frigate, white w e are yet a atoop-of-war.nstiikUaas of so hvpe a portnu of it as m said darnel, the payment of such anniaJ sum being gua- Art 4. Tne Cceemiimeners mentioned in tte preceding Zetedon, the Mnister of Foreign and Ecclesiastic Affairs,The United Sates ship Cyane arrived bere en the same day, with dates of December 28 from Betejn. < m tnetortoed by those states BOW hotdtog . stoves ranteed to them by a mortgage on ail anode end other artistes shall meet tt Ifuxilk) at the earliest convenientTherefore, whethermenlook"tottelawof naturalprcdoccons(whatevertheymaybe)ofthe periodaftertheyshallhavebeenrespecttverynamediSon or to the principles of aararal reason aad justice, Slate lauds in the Bay islands and Mosquito Territory. and snail, before proceeding to any business, make andwhether they took to the exalted and manly spirit of These payments shall be made in bah* yearly insta! aubscrioe a solemn declaration that they will impartially!will receive him at Reatejo The manufactory of India town large botes were formed, some over a hundred rubberbasbeenrevivedagain,andaboutonehundred varusaide,andwhichemittedsulphurousvapors.Tnepaint nam that woold sacrifice all things except justice aad Coo a will tor its eoansry, I see not hoarjany man san entertain that senuaaeat, and j o t join m this moatdue «_ J bouses were destroyed, or partly so.One of the most singular phenomena connected with thip earthquake m, that a small lake, between lsaleo and GuateDtquc, hiki bad its water ^hangicd from itt formerments of two mooaand rive hundred dollars each, tint) first of WOKP payment shall be made six mouths after tho exchange of the ratiftcaoons of the preseaVlreaty.UXTTFJ) STATUS Sim- Cva.vs, > Pxartr OCEXSI, Jan 1,1860 jbeauty of the ship, her mactiinery anil the narapfceria. a of war. the efhsteney and tn ante* of which are indeed mdirpnable and sand as yet unequalledart. 4 Whereas British subjects have by grant, lease or otherwise heretofore obtained from the Mosquito In atoas interestsnt various aadd, sttuatod within the dis- trict mentioned in toe preceding article, the republic ofand it is further agreed that ber Bntaonrc Majesty and theson ao to be chosen as arbitrator or umpire shall, befor - proceeding to act as such,roas<*and subscribe s solemn declaration, in a form simi'ar to that which stall already have beeu aaue and subscribe: by the Comaisneners. and which shall also be entered on the ree-wd of the proImportant £ R tfr Law—President GuardioU:. of Honduras, ub.ch overthrew this old city Since the 8th sheetsat after the second round.No further Dews has as yet reached us from Tslrjaraisoconcerning the Wyomiag. Apropos—enmptetott are be- coming frequent and clamorous, cooapteitu agaiu*i me miserabte way in which the officers of the mad Ueparv mem attend to ttetr duties. Letter* and papers *r.- oua- hud, miiaent, or aot sent at all, aad if bv chance napers should reach as far as the office of our amiable Omuls and mail agents, two to one that they sever get any further. The paper are tt brnt a k a out of their coverswith the Intention of replacing them, and read by every banger on of the offise; and when they are ai last gumaently stale and sotted, it is m lam to attempt to replace them in their covers, for the covers are oy u i a time awept oat with the other refuse or tte office Butwitsesees of its ptogress and itt probatoe future,are uxiOrrstuOu on the other Bide, the oxpresstoos cited well founded ant vaud shall be quieted to the paBBamton pacity of such person, or of his Admitting, or declining,such grants or lease*, or other wise, and all British subject"wouks be wiliIB*to rooeat, m the aeose tn wbica tney whose claims snail iy the commissioners be pronounced ceedmgs. In the event of the death, absence or mcaii published in the Hmtn.n of November 11, with quitean assumption of superior intelligence in regard to Nica- , but the conditions have not transpired I regret to informpames that tae cotaaimuoners meromnori in the preced declaration as aforesaid. tog article shall also examine and decide upon any Bntun claims upon the government of Honduras that may be submitted to them other than those speciUeu in that aiticie, and not already in a train of settlement; and theBQer Britannic Majesty and the republic of Honduras reby engage to consider the decision of the Oomtnteaiou- ersconjointly,orof the arbitrator orumpire,aa thecaseGen. Barrios has been elected President of this State byan overwhelming majority. Gen Santos Guardioa has "It don't matter Yea, but A does matter, aad a greatsoascuitioa that A was made to ••establish justice''—a republic of Boadurss agrees to carry tato effect any nay be. as anal and conclusive on the matters hereby re- Now, totaough Jerez, by bis vacillating course hereto-been reelected President of HondurasThe adigo crop bas fallen very abort of tte calculationsmade. It will not reach 8,000 bales. ECUADOR.Oar Guayaquil Correspoadeaee. eciTAortL, Dec. » , 1869.On tte same evenag ber Bnannic Majesty's corvette Calypso arrived from Beatejo wab dates of Jan. 8, no news Pttinon af Affairs ta Bcuadur—Ourmtxxrkatvm of the of any account All hands on board tte Lancasterareshall then and before proceeding t o any other business name some third,person to act as an arbitrator or umpire m an> case, or cases, to which theymay themselves differ to opinionb* tney aaoukt not be ante to agree open ate eatoetton of sueb a pefsaa, the commauioner on either side shall namea—and looked upon a a s the strongest ptant in the platndenl—Conferences, dc-Having promised to keep you informed of tte current of events. I will begin by explaining that the revolution ot Quito was ted on by Senor Moreno, a lawyer, a nan of rdueation and courage. Casttlte having thrown out by way ot an apple of discord tte decaratton that be would never treat with the Bobtes administration, Moreno fell toto the snare and went to that General at Pata Next, the provinces of Guayaquil and Manebi. to keep ttetr ownthat am y beaarred Begro slavery to be, m or acme, of all atotr prooaettogs with the dates thereof,, under a tacit submission to tte government at Quao but as «aay-I lulaaaa waawy 4tM Mam WnMHr'v) Itta amy em amy were annraagatatl as toihe fmure meyuUmai tshall appoint and employ aeterk er oktotr pereaa to to the busts—a which amy eninummoers shall be paid oy their tne eautn! the respective pteaif bave .sad haveithe twenty eighth dayC IXSSOX WYKE, fTUNCWfJO CBOXTHE OONVKNTIOXS OP 1 8 «i.oamaT aarraw ax» motxwj-wnrmtoTWBaaristawnB.ttoutors, Mat tt a sate to b e British influence, a a d I do nutdoubt tt. Tne diplomacy ot English emissaries in themCentral American States will in the mam, 1 think, hardly quB, am S t e ajaanger. Be doss nttseaoesd, but aaaUy redound Boner to tte atereat or credit of Great Bruain.Now to tte time for tte United Sates to take a firm sand.and to name a beM stroke, and a to to be hoped that urnspresetiCaagTess will give to tte President power, as behas the will, to act as his sagacity aad knowledge willdictate. Mr Buchanan has few equate to pubue B<e a thepresent day; a a c t , a s aaound statesman, I know notbis equalTJae satotMe ef the iof tte etora m cierai, ebell be defrayed a enaalteft tort^earrjinJ^ PfQ"*Pg_to "*»TM • * tow days wab aB hto earn tores to dmand tte eouatry, aa- aer Gen Franco's •»*•*»_.„_,i of•arveattetoragwi:aaBwy ef the arhuraior or urn,wiib thesxaspttonof the " •of tts charges tt notaeaef tte Unued h'taarirraa of Qcwat And although thia pwhat is tob- part of a s,mwnp»i-^nBFiejBBW»: "' ewwa n i -waw^^msr*TM^TMad the repubitoaf BwadaW wattojj rnuanai hams ef tow republic^bar* atoatpuamttv tot, we , a e , w h o havemmgttgesiaegat,ytt a era} be byreturn*fromthedatiMaswtoehare keptantofttejuratotoaoaiftte Btote. Tttmr rettgtoas without mtertereoce—a cenoamstou proper to be Bade lest, by toaattog o a ttetr ometaiBi,' tne Catn- phc faitt, ttey aoouid be dnveo. to «oufration, and toeBcfmtfitoJiaaiKiBa tog in,ittfti* Od mmtfOkunmd WhouC^mmiPirn.Charges isfiredU**»lThe af tthe love of tte aosaringniy that nur ishasasresMBaaenbetor*the aaw of ttssaoa tor a ttraseetanucat Jsaihn tomaue on the tth of JulyAHiunctK«Bnabertoexerct»«<tbvthesupennteadec of the tortudi settlemesto to the Bay of Hwiurss, to to- rapacity of Lieutenant iJnvwrowr er the said aland* M j by thepreaidiBg magmtratn therein r«ai<leet, to thes-Apnia QowTiawcaX BtCaptam Ptot Bat etetagnabea oaartt m China, wn-re he was cBgaged a a nana to baud oncxtc with several long tededCeweawte•taaBjers from Asptirwsll aad Havana w« are ena- cording to their own regulation*England, by which the latter makes large eoocaa 4. ftveflHWioo fi<w all duties jof customs, and frm! •iCO.CCO franca by tte test of September, is nowagain ready tt jump toto any • » » tmbrogbo. Mr- tte rVwt etttee wadaw, all te ateeg toie.* rhi« »-mrm m oae which stight he sonmBpea a>-vauuMpMu«iy iieiatr-edbled to poblisb ttto roorninsr a cumpiete copy of i. "Trial by jury m their -riwn courto3. Fernet ireeaom of religious belief and worshipare again various aendiristrn for tte Transit in tte field- Car toto *m> has been gaawawd ttwe nsses tor gallant acenveBtton a to ase. t h e forty the goaarameafi of Nicaragua, Bavins acnuUed the-atelfcy essaram. Waaat a net be ekpaouai a atroduc* amo-ir a provBtoaal President withCONVgJfTIOW BCTWTTtJi HER MAJESTY AMU THE RE PCBXIC OF BVSDCRAS, KSLATIVE TO THE MOSQCrTO INDIANS, AM> TO THE RIGHTS AND CLAIMS Or aarrOTTOgjarrs.Her Majesty tte Queea of the United gtegdniw of Great Britain and Ireland, and the republic of Honduras, b-.c* desireo* to settle, hy means of a convention, eerain point resulting from the territorial arrangements which form toe subject of another convention concluded Between them on Mm day. have named a s their Pieninotentiark*< for that purpose, that a to say —LfkVDg Guatemala on the l»tt a l t , I proceeded by tteboard the Levant for upwards ef three weeks, bas adThe inhabitants of the mid aland* shall not he disturbed,to ail taiaga taiia/hi to that tow ana to support that ooa- to the enjoyment of any property which they may have possessed aad exerowed righto to anu over tho territories France and BBglarirt (the only representative governaeui accompanied by sharp, angry exptosjons, wntteitne BJAVVAnd wher-ae. the Mosquito Indians have heretoforeaatatHD Why. I aay, a free and rnla^rteaed Earopean acquired thereto, and abali retain perfect freedom of re- tying between the rrver Wanx, or Segovia, and the Ro- et tree institutions in Europe), can be a mere spectator. columns of smoke, siowij ascending, reikcied back ontoo aao" apoa the <aerrd hoafc aad ptoagoa toaaoaaT to.beB | ! . i excaot a heaifhted Southerner, hut if ha tow a ligious belief and worship, public and private, but rerunn-•aaet- of boaor. if n.- baa a penae of inshce, if be Baadaa ing in all other lespeew subject to tae laws of the repub- aetf reapect he win tot too back oa the wufoily toteBding lic If any of them should wish to withdraw from hVtrtberu man aa the vihat of the rile. The patrfeH nuM wlands they shall be at full liberty to so, sod to dtopoasooctrmotote hto country aa a whole, aa a oait, aad him- of tberr fixed or other geepartj as may thinkfit,aadman river, ber Britannic Maksty agrees to recommeu: The thousands of interests which, besides her similar in- the summit and tides of the volcano the lurid glare from to tte Mosquito Indaoa to renounce any sa.h righto atiaakms. tongue and religion, unite the two countries, tte ares withm. Exactly at twenty minutes bet ore moe P. in favor of the republic of Hrmdurss, on con cannot fail to have g strong inrluecoe over one wbon the M-. (I was at the moment *uiuung tatting a toe Paza) oitxw of receiving from tne repuhuc aome reaeonaoi*-ple)—I toy for our Northern friends who hare fatten into public of Honourtmt the country hitherto occupied or pos- sessed by the Mosquito Indians within the frontier of thatatai aahaaoa, •*Father, forfire toem. for tawy know republic, whatever that frontier amy be.• t>et ihey ao " R is all that eaa bo TheBrTUah protectorate of that part or the Moaquitopayment of the annuity, so j p be DARI to the Mosquito Indians tt indemnity sad mmpenmtion.her power, ebmmerciaily and politically, is cnppled; shetbr«.e and tour thousand rortaately.ewag totbeear''- nour at which it occurred, no lives were lost rh* fine large church towards the volcano had its towers thrown U> the ground—the facade thrown towards, aadbab* yearly, as an indemnity and compensation for the The republic of Honduras engages to cede the said loss aad extinction ot their interest in the said territory.pect that in case of a war between Prance and EngUud the United 9totes will b e involved in i tevery aide: at the same u a e the earth began u> roll &a<l iliakeeto an extent that I never before felt to all m y experience cf earthquakes Then arose the wild fhrieks of men and women, screaming forth at tbe t'f of their votoes, "Santa DM*'?" " Dwo Fuerte;" and amid tte wildest commotion of a horror strickenu> take with them the proceeds the:aati aa honored « hetng onroUea amoag as ctuaaam. Canbe he a vtotrtuuc American who jotaa tn toe cry of ExeterBall afaonot too coaatry'a oonatauuoa, who joaa withthe loreaaBaiveraarv to deaomjcjjg it aa a win reproachto the m i ' a' hnmnaity. a t an ootrag* agamst aomtnonooceocv, mtatof which aiitta in deaaaw ot aaiara, jus-tow anu the too of ttodv Why, I hare oaiy to aa;, imitottogthe l*Bgua«eofBaawhoeewordsareroeardodatthe sacreti Voiume— i and I aoppoae, in an huathte w a j , tween the republics of Honduras and Nicaragua, to recag- by each party, for the purpose of determining the amo mt, we » a y auire to uaiute whatever we find m hpi exam- ntos as belongmg to and undsr ttmfmioi nirnty of the re- the period of duration, and the tune, place and mode ofBut there a another consideration which touehes theUnited Males, perhaps more than England. Your cor-respondent Bas had a good opportunity to ascertain touttte toads given to tte Belly ••anal Company migttt becolonised by African apprentices to rais,- cotton. I leave population, tho shook continued rolling and heaving fur ittotheSouthernmenifAmericanslavetaborwillbe twominutesaadthirty-fiveseconds,destroyingfarand able to comgwte with apprentice labor It iialf a millina wide. During its continuance 1 expenencea a sensation of apprentices can supply France with cotton one of the like sea sickness. The population of the pace is between principal powers of Enaland » token away from her, andislands, or say of them, or the right sovereignty over such totends, or any of them, or any of aoefa aove- reignty to any nation or State wtWhen such an arrangement shall have been accede' to by tte Mosquito Indians, ber Britannic Majesty engages to recognise the sovereignty over the said territory as be- longing to the republic of Honduras: and her Briannic Majesty and the republic will, within twelve months thereafter,appointteocommissioners:;ouetobenamedart. 2 . B e r Britannic Majesty engages, subject to the conditions and engagements specified ta tae present treaty, sadwithoutprejudicetoanyquestionofboundarybesum by way ot annuity for a limited period, to be paidother is in danger Therefore a a quae reasouabl • to ex the loud cries of " Temblor •" "Temblor I" arose fromCLABEXDON, HERRAN.Trip from Ottotrmolato San Salaador—A Vdaasku. Erwp Hon—Dreadful Earthquake and a Strang* Phenonemm— Treaty between (treat Br .tain and Honduras—.ieerre lUnau of Ban Beverly L Clarke, United States Mi-tor to Gvattmala and fluularoi, dtePracUce—ComplamU Agaanttme MaH U p • • • i t t Bag imaqj toe. Levant to ReUeattA*. Saranac, eV , dfe.Same my Bat but little h a s transpired m t h a dull cor-ner of the worl.i that a worth "~"''«TiBgThe geaerai Court Martial which had been ta aeation en, aowor hy Of her aex Tbero would he BOmdr« pro-paietf iu it thaa to oae of your hoaoro aaaiiniatlwt with atofhtoayaaaaror BwkpoehMtBiarety heoaaa* to th«>riUageto to* reanu-BOB Uwrv waa a bail (X)uoi' or ao law to brineham to toafMe 1aay wo arrtogh our ftoafhorn hrothremat tho bar of human awaat* aa totally uuat to apaoctoto thetr fVmpoujatiariie, tout a to aay, hai BxceUaaey the»i«l» any non.-«i Kuropraa ft-ctlemau Aad I ahoald hfeo TTwuyni of the Repuuuc of Hooauraa, Don Iranctoootokmowwhatwobare to aagrahaatOBTownptooBB»1TOB Crux, Political Chief of the Department of Couaayagua,tore at the North Oar Suotheni me*$hhorahartof boea aad her Majesty the Queen ot the United Kingdom ofbron«bt op with taw Laautahou to then- midst, Great Britain and Ireland. OurteaLenox Wyke, Inquire, aad His Excellency the President of the republic >y News bas been received, officially and privately, thatM. took tte crater of tte volcano of Isaico, then burn amor importance, no farther BUUBMBto thaa • neces-to their auprem* aorercixa capacity. that it a wicked,andwho y• t rrw aadVr a eoaatituuuti aad a oampaet by whichItoy a(r*o to aajpoort ana aoatais :i to the fall extent ofwhatever a written in that compact, aad who, if pay oaeto theee unhappy nctiaa ihoum >woape from the atoreryat which he m ootiaa|aed, ami Qy hither tor ihetteu, wooldarticles — >Articte 1.—Taking Into consideration the* peculiar geo-graphical position of Honduras, and to order to secure the aeetrahty of the ielands adjacent .hereto, with reference to any railway or other line of toteroseanic communica- tionwhx-c oar/be tamaiasmd across meatrrstoryoftnrb the subjects of ber Britannic Majesty to the enjoy meet of any property of which tney may be to possession in the aiBBde uf Roatan, Banoca. Elena, Utile, Barbarete and Morat. situated in the Bay of Honduras.Art. 2. Bar Bnannic Majesty agrees to recognise the avd-chanael oftheriver Wanx or Segovia,whichfallsbere "moat positively " by the next steamer, and that theoimpanyistobeorganisedundertoetewsofNicaragua . and to reticle a RivasAny bt amem nan who knows the Belly Transit grantwill not invest any money a tt, because no money oaa bemade by it, aad a is quite logical to say, that if the boardofdirectorstomade up by persssagea of tte aforesaidquality it csnael but be interred that they never tend thetrshould judge, tt toast sae thousand yards to drcum ference (there are several smaller ones tower down), and within there appeared an hammma cone almost reaching to tte summit, but a perfect btoae of fire.After a most interesting trip we returned tt a late hour to tte town. On the 8th (tae Feast of the Ooneepetoo) I remained here to witness the processions, Be., little anti-selves, when U»'.' rv,ti.iatei interferag. the wrath ofthe blue jackets—unitiiig sgaicst the common eeeray—turned upon these guardians of the peace and a geoeralmiiir ensued, which might have been ended to fatal eou-sequencca but tor tte ttmery atertereaee of Lam. H-ibuI, Brewuisg, Uatosd Sates Martee oarpa, BQWattaca-'dto the Levant, who naaneuately ordered tne men u theirboats This oraer was being obeyod, whea the •W**nte*thowever , made another attack, using ttetr i n e -arms freei>, and one ot them mane a fea'fulthrust a t Lieutenant Browning, wbK-.h being e i u i e i b yhim. took eCtct m the hip of one of the men. Pritoer ex piaoatu es are required i-f th* autbenues to settle tn-a alteir It sioMtof such aqoabola as aeee, iatneaseivee ot no im|N>raiice,that very ofuu artoe the m a t fatal &»- sequences, oetrimecal to nvreantiie interests, and it H at . such a O a e that the cool, impartial and experienced u c t ' of n-r n Ute Commooure Moiitgumery aaialeato its beueU- cia. unuenceix January I, the steamer Onxtba was tne seaar of a trighit- 1oifcatter, two of tte hands meeting with ao anci cent that hau well nigh cost them their uves; they feP. rr»oa the upper deck intoUieengine n u n . hothr ceivwn na»r**- rous woundsi one of them bring injured so much in**, am putttionoftheleftlegwasuaavotdabie FleetQ:rg->a 1H-. Kdoraon ^larp aa« amSnast Surgeon J. Beru• uu-, both of tt» s b v , who performed the operataou, did all to their power to alleviate the sufferings or the un origi- nate men, who now, however, are a a fair way ot re- covery .Her Majesty the Queen o f t h e United Kingdom e f Gr ;*' Bnuun aau Iretono, m e Bight Honorable George William Frederick, Earl of Clarendon, Baron Hyde of Hindoo, a Peer af the United Kingdom, a member of Her Braanak Majesty s Most Honorable Privy Council, Knight of the Most noble Order of the Garter, Knight Grand Cross or the Most Honorable Order of the Bam, Her Britannw Majesty's Principal decretory ot Sate for Foreign AtLursreceive Ntoaraguan bonds »t Aper cent interest. aad at 7a -.»rcent in reams for it,and to gelhis wterest anl reday I proceeded to Isaico, and arranged there to ascend the mountain to the rear of the voicano (known as the Mad re) on the next day. On the 7th, at daylight,nous coadnet was pronounced insane wid Is to be seat te the United Saws. Two of the three men who were tried for the stabbing of one of our crew were aequnvfads in Frame a competitor, aot 'only to regard te her Anl whereas British subject* have, by grant, tease or navy, but also a her principal aaustry Even u*shemoieties by the two governments.Art 6 The present Convention shall be ratified, and the form of the Jerez party; pulling that out, he turnsto the[From the official Gazette ot Honduras, Dec. 10, t&fti ] The convention recently concluded between the executive power of thai republic and Great Britain, and which only requires the sanction of t h e Legislature t o become taal,toourhumble judgmentIsoae ofthemostserious diplomatic tnrirtaato m our history, aflfrctiiig as tt does, to a meaner so important, the sovereignty andterritoryof Hoadsttt Fur tms reason tte government has aatieired tte course of events, and submitted it to tte pue- !or itt consideration and judgmentTae yvarammnt, consulting the good a s well a s the dig-Martinez government at that time. Tne people are complaining -ay-— the axes. They aay that out of every balance,formed a government with General Franco unity or the country, rn no respect more jealously than in regard to its integrity aad territorial sovereignty, has wwely determined to put an ead to all disputes effectingin town, on ttetr wsy to narepauauon from the officers of onr aammren.jessedThe dasanac has been davated tram a frigate to a stoop- of war, she isnow laying in this port tae Levant is ex- peeted Bere gme week. T a* Calypso. Bar Brtwah Masaosdron from dtttroyagtte ctty. will bare ttmr to one ta toocare mile for that, and are despair—hut t h e afMaadrwatpaane furUiermore gearAbtees to actual settlers to tte u-rritorkw riereoafore m dispute ail Uterr nnaseswiaaa uaul tte competent artonaal Brevtoad tor to toe coaseattoa -tall detertcme en the validity «f their ttbat. As thef wUl be nasiueaad as native born citiaeui*of the -%ate, a wouM be hard to eeerrre tbea of the nebtt aenertaiaingtotttt character. Aitogeiher weBaUaeethattne veadoa will aaest with teaeral coBeurreae*, anl b« -eptedasaftneldamoauteaoftt 1weentaerepatitoandGreatBritain.My teat Bttoamtve you tte reception eftry, who, saee bus arrival, has been nearly all ttenmecloseted writing. He has bad a few interviews wan me dieted to sang, and though not pamaaatog m e owi-nae *»ltew fever ahouLnavy, also, tte pyuicipte of pr-wnituwi for orareryf At by the rueent treaty made between Honduras and pueur and pnvate. oBtract, tor non fulfilment by'not baring paid tte «resent the man who lives the tang st kj aura to reach the ot thaiail tosBMouoo reai estate or otuer prooerty, except aucbtor the purpose of grvmg turn* taw tte arrival ef men. wbteh toots aa V theftti certato of cosquanBcuBdar watt Ms *,t<Aat tost tte bmiis of Caattla aaad he ao longertostotoaa mttog possessmn ef tte m y ,bad so otter design ta tte cutout. The ontt>SBasas ore- errd most amicably, I awersmnu, tte Peruvian Comma- tioners sbowirg themselves perrectty reanaaaBto. Bui oa uuapointImastclonetosavethamailaioato to Honduras, We aim giye several interesting letters ffoti OTJT special eorrespondeatB in A s leetel tor to* treasury of tte free Territory, to be e^poec Rosa Perez, a Niearagnaa, who has Brad for some froman may be imposed by their own municipality, and coifor the beoeet ot the sail fre* Territory.5. RxempuoB from military service, except for ttedebtee of the tree Territory, and withm its Bounds. Therepublic otHonouras engages nottoexerciseitsrighto c soeeietouty over tte Hands watoa are to ecu •tauto sucn free Territory, tn any manner, in vtolauoa S the rights and immunities specified in tiw articteyears in Mew York, a here repreaenttng the old stebbine White-Yrisarri Company, who have sent in a new con- tract,bywhich,tt*acceptedbythisgovernment,theyre nounee the pretended rights of the old canal grant. We mderrfsnd that the oid stock, being ail to the. market. shallbereceivedat60pereeot Byttenewcompanyforlet these swtoaaa ahasu wbeto aava' b*tor% is e«e- 4Therepbdealsoengagesnottoerect,nortepermitube erected, any fortification on the said islands, or any sew stock. Ws aisa teara that Commodore V anderbtit hasThe mail from San Josefle CoPta P.tea arrived tester day. wan oasm to tte tetn tost, and reports everything quietThe Jamestown saiteo en the morninr ef the Oth tor tte United States. The Reaneae, Br mt and .•*. I m n are at AapawaiL The Preble is expected to arrive here m a few oaysB B M.steamer Gorgon a tte only foreign manof WaratGraytowo.SAN SALVADORotherislandsintheBayofHonduras,nortocedesuet islands, or any of them, or the right of sovereignty over such Wlands. or any part of aueh sovereignty, to any na uon or State whateverAnd whereas, slavery has not existed in the said islands, tte republic of Hetdoras hereby engages thai slavery snail not at any time hereafter be permitted k> exist therein.Art % The contracting parties agree to communicat the present convention to ail other maritime-Powers, AH- toinvitethemtoaccedetoit.Signed to Louden thai 27th day ef August, n the yearmade an arrangement with the company to put his steam- ers on ibis route, building for them a steamer to nty onthislake, bargeenoughtocarryover1,000passengers and train at oae time, and to pay tte company gift per need for transit Mr. Peres is busily engaged to getting ais contract paused, hut by tte various propoaiuoos offer ed, Nicaragua ass get bar dander op, and she is waiting lorthebestbidder. sThe next hone on tte turf tn tte race of transit mattersoionel George Canty, of Titus-Castuto memory. Be pre- -.ntsafineappearance—itbeinganAmericanBagtah cempsny—CrosBey s Co., Grinnell, Mmuirn &Co , Boy monr, Peacock and others concerned it The first offers made by him were flatly refused by Mr Guzman, Who s temporarily President until the end•f this month, when Martinez will take the aeat again,* tilth be left to change air, suffering from a chronic stokneadache. SMI Canty has Bade further exntenation usual route, v a Soasonate. to this place, but as some err journed itae da>. having flutobed its bustaem The un tags about bisproject, which, Initsform, is quite newto eusBStaaceaoccurredontherouteofunusualinterest,Ithail aad sentencesoi tte Court ware read "oathequarterNicaragua, and be has a pretty good chance, if be oaa relate them sircumsaotially. I reacbed Soaeaoato ea the deck ot ev rj ship in the squadron," and went toaoettect -ucceeu a making his project sufficiently understoodMr Charles Lennox Wyke, the British Envoy, is herelage cc the road, I found ta church partially deatroyed fortunateaflair,hetothemantodoit.Hewasreceivedamimanyofitshousesinjured,aadatateaaoirTof aoae of our young officersOn tte ltoh smae of tte Harper's Ferry beroatiin theabase of Uaaad Stawa aartoes, came on board—a de- achment of ten having been sent here on specal req usi- tom of Major John C. (Jrayaim. commaadag tte Uatoadigben rank, aaa eevat effieers pveftom^ as oeipte .1 . s> It bss been'Anted'hat all tte past delays haveemption of bauds from the transit ones at tte rate ofSI 50 ahead, Bto government of Nicaragua agreeing to I started, in company war? two others, and ted, the other is now undergoing his punishment of sixtyguarantee sixper cent on the money invested for improve after a toilsome journey of three and a baif dayssoinary confinement and tew of five months pay.ments in tte riverThe third party to the geld is the French companyi >ttjer caste w- re titod and dBttnetHl of, bat as tney are ofBelly has been put out of the concern—that the Duke of tog tiercely, and throwing out, every three or four saryaiba,brothermlawoftheFren;hEmpress, theMinisterof Interior, sad a heap of dukes and praces, cave taken minutes, back columns of smoke, ashes and stones, sad On Christmas day some of the Lnvaote boats' crt;ws,the affair in band—-that the long sought or money willbe accompanied with taud explosions. The main crater a, I white on eh ire, got a a some a.uircanon among ih--o>-otherwise, heretofore oesaineq from the Mosquito In- should supply England with cotton. she would in thi-s way parisof the walls and of the convent deatroyed Theoih-'rterritory above described, lying between the river unites the two countries. Suit, there is uo great sympathy pnr.cp>€ houses were so badly ajured as to b« rendered out to be quite a gay and apttMi<tHl aOAtr, auu wi_-u trieFlag <Ulcer Montgomery and Captain John Rudd iravp a forthem. Certaiaiy,theaesaateatOfpat territorfshallceasethreemouthsaftertheexchangeof dians,BBtoretoaavarioustondasitnatedwnhtothe tearasunnetnenaturalbeofcommercialinterestwoico cuurcbwasalsoseriouslydamage:.Thirtytourottu« ballonthe3dmetB>theeliteotPanama,wtoehturnedhours, w o badascendedauBctentiyao overone month. Bas uade various reiurms. reduceu the gar- A few days after reports poured in upon si! sides. Son Stabs marine corps of the Paciric squadron This addi-quatals hare been made .n this district and sold to an American house for S10 a quintal.visited the Lancaster oa the lath, aad were: saluted withand carefuliy examine and decide, to the best of theirjudgment aad according to justice and equity, without,[oar. favor or afiecbon to their own country. upon allthe matters referred to them for their decision, aad s^ctideclaration shall be entered on the record oi their proCeedmgs The Commissioners shall then, and before Tranni MmUt—IU Fectmg Agaxna Ue Mvtxnez Govern Some time must necessarily elapse before the full etf«ct?proceeding to s a y other business, name some third person of tbis fearful earthquake a r i known here: but there Isto act as an arbitrator or umpire in any case or cases a mud—Tae Cuaate of Hfwaragwa. Conducts : •Laztnts*— Bo deubt that tt was tar more severe than that of 1834, srsp of s small boat a sat;—shows but httw anrtase tu ftnt which they may themselves utter to opinion The perThe salaries o f the Oammmtonare shall be paid b y theirThe Leader of Ae Bevoiumm of ^uito— ?*saiia « ftreatt—three barrels of corn they raise one of the three la taken by tte government; ana thatone-third of ••verything ttey raise has te go to support State expenses.IfNicaraguawouldtaxplantaintreesanahammocksshe would show consBderabte wisdom; but laTineae te eueour aged tn tins country, and industry to liscoursged. A man bere who can toy to a hammock all aay, smoke a dirty back aegar, turn over and go to steep, wake up hungry, reach over his need to a bunch ef bananas, take oae and eat a. dram s gourd oi water, amake his segtrandgoto sleep again, is denominated the ''prince of good fellows." Such B Uto aaoag tte native poputotam a Nicaragua4s bead. Moreno paces hiiaaiilf at tte mercy of r'rTitim Franco has the prudence to open an understanding with the commander ef tte blockading squadron, unaer the auspices of tte Spanish Minister, Senor Qoevedo. Baasned with the success of ate stratagem. Canala then declares that If Ecuador does not estabUgh within a month a go veroment with which he can safely treat tar the repara- tions be claims, he wiH seme en some port of tte repubhe and here you have the key to these long coabntied threat • and exactions—the determination of Peru to poorest Gusvaba friends,tt tteceamanyaexpeaae.mr awe to Ba interred.mr WUlamGore iOn the 18th the Uaned mates anew Probst arrived hern to these unporant questions, on a solid and durtble baa». month, that but one person ta the country u allowed to quii. Moreno, who ought to have expected this declare ThehtoraJam.oamwaman.remm pessmmsB of tte a t ?tt.amyBeurgedtoreplytaetttam jettyscorvette,mlaytoguptheharborwaitingthereturn are the lead crvuaed m the entire Skate that they of the Atert from La Uowo. The Cyan* is tasaag in water,Paaa a full feather, wab 8*au»rs, sad draws npwttnm half mosJHe informs mttea TUJamasmand anataeas 0QaBanal tout b-> shallaawty'fi^j^RmTtammTat^arttte Preo-,ttaanteaptotnetovelafOar GreytoteaU«rrrsr) STATUSbombarding of Guaya-will leave tar Panama tea very few days. The nan wm leave tor Imama m a very few uays u nSnrsnas anil await tte arrival af the Levant, and then ABweli.ef theGreytown a waking up, the duUamgnation thatlike a p a l over tt te giving way. Scott's channel baaUntitled DocumentagaincJBjasd,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069atot ttepeople nope that tteoriginale n -senate bad Buffered considerably. A t Tepeorrya the church,cabiido and several houses were destroyed. At Guatepeque, Optco and Apopa great damage was ateo done A tJa> aque several houses were destroyad, end the churcuanu cabiido were greatly injured Ou the outskirts of the 26th uit. the Saranac had arrived there, shortly v aartfor Puna Arenas. Nothing of lmporaace m that secuon. ExPreridentMors,accompaniedbyhis*-1;ViceMetins,same phenomena also occurred a t Panchimalco. and a :San Mirun, Comasagoa and other towns, ctiurche.-. cab:. tw< nty one guns. They were highiy impressed wtth a etransparency to a dirty chocolate colorhave known that Martinez totonded to Bake capital by rtrmmam A Trace—Appointment ef a Prmwtmai Prr weJLGen rrMOorepuedtofJanllto's witfcoet raktag allEcuador Is oa theany rate. - allntytend bte fores on tte lOttofshot* fired en shore will be theOaayaqai. Thus, white the aossterquii are eager tor so engagementenme of * s atty and the neifababitantaf t h e Peraran General,but eaye to ate French BuddAflasres, "1eomeasa bread,betifuurjng tte dtoauoartation of my teuops, I shall miswai-pelteu to defend nrysetf." awsaw au/ttafsai l a a * voyagt to start fromQemys,amt ha isfimatos ttatne annU tage pnaaa••-.--end lThe Generate have dea ledoftheNEWGRANADA.Cotrrapoadeare. r>mu Sram STkaxsa Laauiirmi, i PAXXOA. Jaa IT. IB*). /ef tae Chart BwrajuT ea Board tee I mmm Toe Tart in PurUer trealilu Aauiemt an Board a* Oriists Vi- nt of m* torn Gore Oasaltstota« Lameaater—Arrvoaief *L^cjTrtaem| mio (xuaiatfTfitam way fwaftaV topo-www.fultonhistory.com 