 ~foundation.Berlin is still agog about the promised revela-have been no failure* among the millers of Wd- powerful combination of adverse circumstancesWhisper "we have spoken frequently, has receivedpearance, and made a very painful iinpretaloa on my town are pretlded over by Col. Scon, son in-law to mind. YetIwouldhavetentherthecopysheatked,if th* letter had been in my possession out as was the Geaeral. Col. Teobab It sUll In Washington,..tothepolicywhichyousoboldlyadvocate. nalandtheTroyArena. Thiswasth*lamadayoaIn view of all the circumstance*, I would which the correspon^nee was drawn out in tlie details that it was with diflteoltf tkat it gaiaed at-could bar* l>eeB.provepOceeaaaa simpleHah *nek thar «t«m miti^ga*,itted for nich that, a lal^ora,8HMM-Oanr u tsBaila.HP—^y^TM"^= AVFAiBfl Di axammr.iBfoimcd that\th« Ui^ wa» uaaateoaalx pta- lltflto'ciBe of my neighbor foekat* aai draw'^QVi thtJlbt Ufi ettirdy %htk tk^'jfeapleTBB BVKOHi A LedhrtAB9. Vti ntumnmm.SAMITABT ASaOOXATION. Female SaaMavy 111**1*— iHna**aIiMr*l«sr-ThMk*;ilTlB«cle Oiat ia fta appeareda fewAt tbb FtrruaB."AA«soetetioawasheMattb*Hoaelte flMViteadlo^^ maiOarOnOerrMpeadntt.Du«mi'> MoBd«7, Dec. 10, I8W.shica,'entitled-ai^MMalthe tg iint vrtdA fdUbwIag ^uwaspreaandSaaitarr Tbmtdayarea^will hare already informed i» in a lUte of rebelUon, andCkrlatvaamm* SaMheiw laaaeacea la the Stata— gratifiedwM* Dr. Kutaa Habbu pretratad tha report of a 0am- arittee apyolated la Noraasber to inquire tato th* aca- prletyof deelerlag that la tha oplaioa of th*At*oel»-The telegraphyOQ that Hungary abouttobaplaeadnndermartiallaw. According t»aa MixuU whidi we have thus far received, the ontbreak i# inunatuie and dleconnected. Leaders,Hamfketmrea—I<*tterl*a.Ike Iftm- ttrt Time*. WiuaBOTSH,Del.,ChristmuEve,IBM.Thia baa been a bright and pleaaant day, bat sufficiently coU to avert any unpleasant tears that aren wiehee, —mn to be wanting. The Im- might arise of the church-yard that is said to perial Eagle i» torn down or painted out on the await those who enjoy a " green yiile." But Ipercent,they deduct, thoughthisi«atly ence from **ne mtareeted *ootc*, wUchi* *n«nobvious to tlwM who kaow tbe loeatloa and relattoaaplana,'4«an of the tobacco ehopa, Wipopnlar pereoni arePostmaster-Generalfrom this Ubm a lUie of receive from the little joker ab between Cadis and Vera Cms: that within Uuae some erroneons Impretaioas may b* left tiea of Iha ladie* of a4Hr-Tocfc,aad migM b* i^da exptaaattoD.weWiad, and their honua daalhi^adbnt the more-envelope*Three or fbar hundred employe* at-following:a>etothat itready to undertake, will be finished :gieat tea yetor oijanization beyonddttaneonsnera. The Hungarian nobility are nowthePost-office.to taxation with the peasant* ; but often cnade or refuse tha taz-coUector,'Who downthescrewsalittletightei«nth«latteralthoughNew-Tork, th« hills are bleak and gray, andence, omiumg mywaided the fint. third and fourthforHon* and other land*aqoAHy MbjectI look in coldproredtheir It ree- eAeaey.OeyoatupfOBfrozMistreams and sDowy cloud*.and a simsettingThe January fast i* to be observed hrre, and ICr. BtTCBABABwillbedulyprayedfor. Iappeadtoletters,UoB. This broken copy of the correspoadeaea was onmeDded that the resolnttoa peadlag before th* A*-tkalarly tfgiiendceiving his visits in the morning.shops1h* nport, aa*'FaOKT-BTBIIT. is covertly attempting to push tlie Bepublicana np lar assaults were made la the Albany Mtninf Jtwr- the qne*ltan ol aaaitaiy lelkna wa* aaa of *o maartouch <rf official hands. The confiscation of suchThee to blessStates ;"replenish him with Heavenly wisdomtiott of such vile, adntlerated, dear stuff as the;terranta. Itwasnot thatservaaustrengthen his hand* ature landscape, by RoBBSL, In which sheep, water to Indicate that the proailnence that has beea given to be for a littlerigwhtile aad theashould thas my nam* in connection with this lamentable aifotr kept dl«nlt**d to maintain the laws, giving hira the victory over all view, trees and sky are most satisfactorily arranged, has arisen from causes whose working hat aot beea becaii*e they were igaoraat. Some lalereat;that a full churchshape of pine and hemlock trimmingsany power faet-of ita «iin-and that before five yean an over, tha tfade otJItnr-York. wltk4i*xl-Several dsys htfare the eorrespondeneewillbemoreaabstantialthanthoseofOctober. tionwhichan mansucceedsin ignorantanswering To» SCBMikiliio. it is said, is engaged in negotia- about as well as he who is most learned in the tions with the Emperor, relative to his entering law. However, here the interrogatory is exercis-FkllitslphlA.mat aadar- to gruimd, and the ladle* of tbe boueehold took aom* InterestIndoroeeUeaffUr*. Dr.Bsuowtr*eoaunead- create a very u^ust imprcssien in relation to tne ma- ed that In all the churehe* nib-associatloas be formedmembers of the Government Party attacked it.— galleries, the address was adopted. Whereupon III. Wasc'S speech is much approved hereber—— kingdom great variety designs ofobliged to ifisitt on the u>e of It it evidence In the trial. Tbe wbole matter had now assumed a new aspect butstill1 toMr.B.a ttreagAn amendment was defeated attemptedhad come to be instructed aad not toImpartInfortta-the Commissary instantly read a Proclamation, dittolving the Chamber, ajid ordering a new eUe- iion. The vote was 37 to 7. To-day, the Firstis Mr. Jobnsok's,of Tennessee. Hr.things,IviBpoii'a source for its pieservation. Tbe Army and Navy tuch as $1,700 for a mantel set, are frequently paid bydied.ITot long ago the Brazilian Government, throughbatteries of old guns, and caused them to be movableshipped in Hamburg. According to news just re- fly ofl, and leave the wallsceived by the Brazilian Hiniater at Barlin, the ship, commonly concludes the explosion, but one hasof com merciat annexation which is sure to result fromare low, insigiiificant structures of stone,a Captain of the army, bought, in Berlin, several built agninst a side-hill, and covered withcargo,and crew, tie lost.been known to follownent private galleries, such as the Abfixwau and Bsl- mobt, that are generally opened to the public gratu-and we also have several go- ahead firms, tack as Wiujams, Stbvbhs A Wiuiuts,represented as sacredly confidential, wa* evidently not deilgBsd to be confidential atall, so ter at Mr. B. was concerned, bnt was Intended, at least in part, to bring an Influence to bear on his mind in her tevor.4. Jlrt. B. kererl/ conveyed to Mr. B„ Ikroufk anolker,groes. Th* prize money paid for the slaves taken the Coa»t is so considerable that BriUsh and Vaakeoaa>'a UCs and death, you haveclose invesiigation of the subject is dangerous. leaders were, in fact, prominent in ridiculing and died Prof. Such an anomalous occasion as tltis caused the denouncing the Liberal Party of Mexico. Withke receivedtketkat ike kadfree^dsdxhigthem wben loadedOn theAs «2» are paid for every negon board IbeM December, atselfishly, tumlsh«.caught,theologian. On the same day with Buasiir, died in Berlin,^ •, .nrf s„,nv So*'*, leave nearlyl-dlvldual anacbedtoth.whothe moderate portion of the Frankfort Parliament.country that undertakes to carry it out.Do not suppose that 1 conceive your remarks togladafifbrded us, both for examination and reference. We feitiont of penitence. need not remind otir readen that the annual exhib-confessions,pro- and bow manybrothers and Gbimii, Gionui,others,formedof itsThe iron works here are also In active operation.northern Navy yaidf and 23 at Southern ones, (ta- ,He was a member of the the; ,„ fifieenably known.ashis house, and thebenevolent man. ButDid you ever get a veryprivatecircular fromHigher Power hassettled thatBut it IsrsfdM^mtSster,*Teat succeae. and AmericanAmerican dishes, American toasts speeches. Interspersed with nationalI ;regard the irci'Obitioiiiignificantof Chables Francisthe founder of tbe human race. A large, undressed,of a man does notThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Jr«nges!Y7u"on^ and nim onfore, bound, litres.hoard shewas,there- ;not to. Ote Wert E. CbNAttU.already knowledge. Tubingen,andbut none tbe lets worthily,lessto betkejirtt information untttn to me,offactreturaUjg. those fmndaervad tlU naKf^luBkagH*! Bar, ia aider tkat ool.lMOO from tha othir, a««th;iaica* pf duSVTenitorm^ti>»otnau)ojmif>*heKtmXei. liBI.AIff'ARB.eettaUr I bare,^ the Cabinet. He demands as necessary conditions ing all brains, employing all tongues, and produc- nalluded,varysomewhat but ;theyare alladaptedofhisentrance,trialbyjurythroughouttheEm-freedomofconscienceandequalityofcreeds, aeparation of the executive and judicial depart- fluid.ments, and greater liberty of the press. Not longthe Editor o/ (*< tfew-Yorkgreat eidsung iastitutioB, like tlie for a movement of this kliid.pire,siderableflow ofhe would not have dared ask for those reforms,as In tha rational sutlers of Philadelphiaof the morealecolor, but no no life,principalthat he oatiii* snbiecrat attorn*. mightspeak ablyago,much less expect an affirmative answerthefacttliat here,shopssparkle.In the same rooms with the aboveto the chances seem to be in favor of strange say,is drawn direct from thetrust this wholesome ciutom may soon abolish grand-parents were In their prime and usedhis being offered a portfolio ; and, perhaps, beforepewter. I throw a protectorate over Mexico, (calling into when ourthe 8Uth of I lecelved a lett*r from Mr*. January,;New-York,(Dusseldorf,)yet,and wood to theand her admissions to other before the him, personsingargument, alcoholic, vinous,Permit me to make a few remarlcs. "Baateaaa—measure from thewith tbe celebrated Bnrch Oivoree Gate." Tha at-aB nifswrftmnIf:means of Infonaatioa entitled to respect, who antbor- par Ise us to tecora the piadletloa that sis aaoaths fromthis tine a Spaaish force will be in quiet pomesslea ofto the The landscape.the that McLane-Ocampo TreatyspeciesJ. O. Fos- of Cattle Pinckeey-predictby Sia'es and Territories in wbich the Idea of civil llberiy in Its widest application will become the great bondSixteenthih« and said that hit countel would be letter,BelawBiv—Palttlea—Nartkermeotemporarytogue* At tha of fttadsattheEs*tsonesflsa JMieloBB Gea.TweDty-aiatk-Mreet,Fbbbbbick B. Maibbb, prattdtag, attiunk there is a spice of sarcasm in the old saying;;Ac«pulco, Conttnent,on honest mlads. manyhctsfollow* aI never yet saw a verdant Christmas except In theyaidgreenbetween Mrs. BvBOB and myself was ealled for in tlie Court, the reporter of one of the New-Yark papan took from lb* files of tbe Court a ran of that eorreapead- aiul tor- pnbliea-and here, over a hnndred mile* to the south ofeo and Cuba will be lacraatedfield for t&em around them, that faat anqieittae* la-i other Assoeit'eni/ormly persist in making themselves slclt~a|i barber's-pole mint-stick the night betore Ceristmas ? It was soIdon'tknowbutIpreferlookingattheseyoungThat Itmaypleasethyservant,downtheIfarket-steeet,tomeetingJones,SmithAustrian Government provides, would azcita a and Brown at tbehotel,anddiscusaingpolitic8. The kiffl In bis high office la peacenation of saints.Heanwhile the Imperial Government are con-discussion is sure to follow the meeting, and it isUs eoeialef;and that be may always Incline to Thyand most Tbs twochoicely painted, Niagaras, byfaithfulphotogrsphsofPauibb'sMarbles,withwhich all young-ladydom is la lore, are at much in favor as ever.I add here also that shottM be takea in teeAiag th*ra. "The—templating new reforms, which it is to "be hoped, fcivestion is, kin a State .access !" and it is a ques- all ttie people say Amen.o^best known. New-York. The time was,ia a measure, paassdwhen-kitchensWereoathefirst sad The representations in the attacks to which I have floor,sLre to take one turndown •Hat»wlk<«rf(iulbaU>rtk«Cbubcb and (1858,) are still In the exhibition Ciosocx,In for glvlBg instrucUoa in tbefr own any portunitletanendlessflowotandanotincon-fromthe onthe16thofJanuary,1860. Mr. testimony,Chiuch,tke basiswhatever party shail represent lib- eral and, at the same time, constitutional Ideas Innothing elsethe animalcattle made expressly by Rosa Bonusus, and vases of;inboth^aeiesth* testimony. These slanderous articles were speedilypolice seized and confiscated the contraband arti- and shall I ever forget the agonies of Araminta, througluMtt all the land anfo all tha Inhshllants represented to be.the Hungarians are excited against the eagles on the— —ittaie 6, myself 7^, one fatal Christmas Eve, thereof."*From all evU and ndsehlaf from pride, vata glory ensning the absorption of a blue dromedary with a ;Nbw-Yobk, Dec. 27, 1860. AKT>a088IP.same thing, still aaaln, on th* 11th and lath of the moBth. I make these elaaslficaUon* from the datesthe «*c«*r«d am* poor, tiat.wis fcle. This may explain whylead*particularlytobacco-shops just at this time. It is no small chocolate lider 7 Till that moment, Araminta had snd hypocrisy ; from all »rftfion, fnv^ conefirmcy andof the that have l>eeB sent to me. Th* papenp*r>-grioTsnce, I aasure you. I had the pleasure, a dayor tws ago, of smoking a chibouk of Turkish tobac-co, which had been brought from Wallachia,been my passion, the delight of my existenceis notbutreunion, good Lord deliver US.Tnat It may Thee ia onr time to pleasehardly'have been accldeatal, and seems to polat to Stttivb WiLLiAus exhibit a joffl* common eour'ct of influence. In several of thethroagh Transyl'vania, and was unpolluted by the bowl, and Dr. Apothecando's ipecac ?—Cupid justified short, wings—spreadingsheenyinprivate life, giving him time to repeat of hl» sins.befeecb Thee to bear us, good Lord.Wasaid Im totbe most accurate likenessal,"and arespectable paperIn theCityof New-from tbefr ndttrestes. The Irishpopuattoahisvansperoaltconfes-inat the exhibition of a toiletas Artemas Ward " the says,;mayhave ncneoftheaisaults spoken of,andAnd speaking of the latter, piits me in mind ofdivorcefacta of the case at far as then devel-confessloBStorequisition the Army and Navy if necessary,) for to dance andyou receive this letter, the telegraph will have the filthy and injuiious beer-pump. It may give gambolB. W. ahy Umr. BaliMra,Jaa.T.Uwrntjaa4*(hara.;teat thethropic enterpriie.and the micee** of thelva,(old."the writer of the abovewid*layTula, foraigger*;WiiLiAvs,"sor and peniteBt,"and " the secret* of the coafeatlaa-you might expect.this baai* remark* a* follow* "tacks which ha«e beaa made oa me la several af theingly false a* to reveal the working (troag fiiAa- Saaltary Soele.the 15centsge, one would think, must be swsllowed upIn posul expense*. Overa $100,000 yeardoes tha every district and to»n In Hezleo that In one ;of the referred to, and are aware who are thetie*lcirth*parpo**e( inetmetlag th* iamillea of the Ignorant aad ladigeat in tte prindpl** aad praeHc* of Oomertia Bnleae,!* a«a^^*t t«(Hkr<h* ntaai^iWilmingtonthere is do end ofSuffer lae tbea tostatatheaveryuD&drstatementofthemaaaarCr>ewfhaiecehdbMyr.Bcacacame ofMrs. aoeirilaa'langarttoflMssohtaetbaattiptea.a«tgiandeurphilaa-Whatevermay possess on the subject has most cert^nly led himftrastray. ThepredicUonaatowhatSpainthe paper-maken as much morayears a llns of railroad from Ten Cru towhich Don Jc*b bb Saiakaboa, ob* of the wealtUest mtn and laraest contractora on this staadsprodnetire of incalenlehie Itenetts to th* pfeseat aadand of stout wheeling barrow-loads of correspondence to theil *et forth that it entirely witUa the ifope af. th* .^a«oeiati*a towa*pnUelaaa, in ordor toMn( np Ua aceoant* with Got- The ilarket-Btreet is gay and cheerful, and the ray latter a Uturgio form cooiposed for the oc- surd. Spain desires to sustain the Church fsction Bdbcb's first letlar to me. On the 2Sd of If oveiaber, that a Coaimlttce ef ire atemben of the AaaoeUUaa>l»>ii«l to the lequindfignie. It is thatefbre not snrpriafaic that tha peasants faal tbcmselTes p»r-in this matter.the continued monopoly of tobacco, llany of the that would even a German importer and satisfy ;i0M»ant eouBtry people, when the new Constitu- the absorption of sweet thi^M Is tiuly awfiil.caMon by a prominent citizen who bean the nameof aa illnatrion* martyr of Liberty under th*—and she can. In this Mexico serious respect, givethree days before tbe wa* produeed In Court, violent attackosrwr«etipeomaadadneoeon ma la the Al- bany Thnej and the Cleveland Brrald, in which Ib* t* ad*H* aa< oeOreniatNftttaladla* apMatada Saaltaiy MiatioaaiT labors.Paosna U. Wsiaoaa aaorad the af ^I. adopUeadont the children from visiting preventhard timesBante Claus this evening^ as a preparation for re-trouble—but as to herabUity to conquer and holdoar fathers the followtng out the Coastltutloa of the (Uni-have as much as we canattend to in protecting onnelves against ourselves,;nor as aa offence onr forefathen that witbout undertaking to protect and manage a cember seveial simultaneous attacks were bytothe carryingforward of athy aged, unwortbjr servant, Javss Bdoiasah, to retlra toarticles In question, reftrence was made toattentkn. It teemed to him that tha aerrant* ia ear faBiUI***boaldiao*tvea*nta*lraotiaa oa hygleal*manera;bjshallproperlyAaai- these days. It may be well for our readers to know would tftewijf bt attoUtJud ^ «veA a utt q/" ite eecrete dendally detlgned to be educated up to their datla* weretobecomekabituat." Thisaeemtttrangelan- endprirllcgc*here,bytid*nathodefeoataatwithth* fragrant, golden ambrosia, and the forced cansump- merry groups walking, shopping, fluttering, up and BAH LueoLa, the President elect of these United where they can refresh their memory, aa to how such gnatre to apoear m Proteitant journal*. But it 1* aot better-Informed classes. Ha had heard of one teatlr Install a person looked. Theybave also a very exquisite mini- an effect without a cause. 1 make these natementt which, witMn four numtht, had emplayed ifty-sixunderSlatsHmmlaThe United States and Hexico.will, ana finally beatSatanhis feet. Letappearedroom, though they are not open to the public The respectable paper in Chicago, where tbe facts are houiebold tbould not be neglected by the womaa oftakenIn connectionarticle,leading Bepublicans in and out of Congress, pre-it that the North shall viously published, proposestheoped, mciudlng Mrs. Bvbcb's writtenTimet :AnotherviewofThorpe's:Mrs. BcBCH was sent away from Chicago, as appearafor carry out this reform. They most make sia* bigand, fin-ally, amid thunders of applause from the crowded 1864, will carry Delaware, and thenceforth always. The secession of the Southern States would still the Algerlnc white marble, with which all Paris Is in unw Ulin)juest to nave the letter used In the trial, if it tion. What was to be done to ameliorate the coadi-;o^Union.expressed veryeloquence is not appreciated as much as might be would remain io possession of tbe Government, andobliged to produceletter,to that gentleman and the swollen might ;be increased to any needful extent. There can, collectors, while the centre-tables, what-nots and eta-the letterand tiiat in his judgment 1 had no moral right toagreeable theiefore, be no impedimeutto tbe consummationof the well-to-do class ofare desirable orna-produceitself;andhe believedtheir efforts In that behalf.ofsentences of the this No force wtucu the seceding states could burly, truculent, good-nutured policy.ral.ie would interno^e a serious obstacle. Withontorganization, without government, without money, burg-Lippe has a new Prince, the old one having which arises in the 9enate when the Texan anarch without arms, witt'out ships, without sailors, and, atgsressuppliedmentation of the same school.Schacb continues to add to his collection manyof sanitary reforms,complimented them by say-great deal ofChamber (Senate) was prorogued.I informed you, a few weeks ago, that Schaum- WiorALL provoke a laughter second only to thatwith a lesscostlybuting that g(K>d bytheywould effect adied. The young man seems inclined to accom- the mirthful hour. best, immeasurably the weaker party, the Slave beautiful and agreeable works. A series of groupingsrules Staes could do notliirig to resist the Norttiern pro- Metxb von plish something, in his small way. I see it grave- How like in his oratory to the immortal Dun- tectorate over Meslco. England and France, and all bydeservesly annouuce<l that, being at variance with Hanoveras to his boundary line, he has sent thirty men— ciad'sacuDimeicial nations, would itiank us for llie service iblidseape byB&emin, Sbattcck,to representing scenery upon was taking. I then partly prondsed per-penury. appealedlist,the flower of his army righto!protect his endangeredand would not call it outpioperly ditpeijse vsltb lu Tiilt 1 did, in the hope thatwtitn tbe ouuxiiel sbould see tbe letter, they wouldconsent to dispense -Aitu it in the trial, perceiving, as Until Intemperance was removed little could be does.— totile Mexicans themselves will reetiveus.their arms tothe artist tints,noIs one of the finestsetting ibeir faces against the use of those agents of evil in form or class.neighbors about boundaries.The garrison at Eisenach, in Weimar, has beenvisited, lately, with an epidemic disease of thedivides the political sceptre ot the State with Do-take one for the other—one of the tenderestclusive than other similar letters wbich they had Intheir It was my intention to go to the possession.cotmsel with Mr. BuBCu and talk the matter over withMr. Hauibat said he wat a temperance man theo-^;tive can enhance orthe same views. He was aimmortal curssAs when a dab-chick waddles through the copse.which tion of those autumnalpictureswith tbe uDderstanamg iliat tlicy would allow me to retain It.to take the first la the movement therefore, step by:*'On feet and wings and flie^t and wades and hopswc >houlil do tfie cause of rlrdization and cjaunerce, the Hudson, inhas whoseto tee thegiven a reproduc- mit his lawyers letter,laDunng on, with ^huuideis, hands ana liead,, Wiue as a windnlil, all bis figure spread,which must enlist the ardent of every Northern man, and cspecia ly thosepen describe.we have seen from him. There Is also asupportedmanHanover, by the way, is quarreling with all her "With arms Wiupall rules ** the Stats." supportbeautifully finished family scene by Cbavxt, whoseacitizens also. 197 were sick of It af once, but the present, however, hold the political power, being earnest in remarking upon what I consider to be animal piece by Vxeboxckhovxk, in which are theeyes,portionmanthat were met with here, tbe ladles In St. Giles', Loa- don, had gone on nobly with thefr work, aad had effected mucb.which threatened at one time to attack theemof the State.The southern counties atSceur,"representationofthepatientcare thipeculiar difficultyof re- mynumber has decreased to 91, and hopes are enter- Democratic, and perhaps Insist their strongly upontained that the worst is over. supremacy the more strongly as they see It slowly It is sad to hear that Prince WsUerstein of Bav- passing into the hands of the Republican, manu- aria, the most distinguished, as'weU as most lib- facturing interests of Newcastle. The vital, living,erroneous in the article under discussion.In the first place, does Mexico need our protec-tion Imost genuine sheep imaginable, whose wool one Isanimation powder mills themselves;and Quartermaster Engineer Corps ter, Corp* of Engineen la chargeSnyderusually roofs, which, when an explosion occurs,free and unrestricted commercial Intercourse, ment. Our galleries of paintings and of sculpture areSOth of January, twelve days after Mr. B.'s complamt and Fort Sumttr Lleuts. G. W. ;and Richard throws someanother, seemingly from the same material, a thing difficult to believe, but theMexico, or the people, bravely struggling for the tha addition of several illustrious names. Of Bcs- ways of powder are past finding out, and a too right, any real sympathy or aid. The RepublicanThe (German Necrology for 1860 is augmentad byare said not to be insensible 10 the pecuniaryescaped the first crash in time to be the victim of the sec-people they in such hot haste and advocate the policy of swal- have a right to expect. In the line of original designi. 1 never showed the letter to Hr. B. at all and never conacatcd to allow his counsel to tee it, until 1 had taken legal advice on the aubject, and wat fudyk.ng. Er.e. t?tMaafewweek. wouSl^dm apleasingfeuloLS, and had been from the city about four goneand twenty hoius.2. The letter of Mrs. B. was received by me OB thestanding.One burstGonru, CBaianAHtohBacb,thecelsbrated deathofthelateALinsDopont,who whatgrace,therefore,cantheynowcomeforward allthattheycandetlre,andmorethanappointment as Professor in Bonn. although 146 feet long, and containing a massive nal than from any other, for yon consistently and yet, must be added to the Ust. He engine from the Morgan Iron Works, New-York, ably advocated the ratification ef the McLane Treaty,much ground there It for U.e »*^« have bien so ttudtoutly and pertl'te""/,JSSndeT^ere purchuod.the Navy are of Norfolk oilgln.have l*eB received at the Brooklyn Navy-"'mall baghaa^twill draw, when fully loaded with freight and pas-and aim of which was to about the total end bringme In rebitloB to uiwUUng my^g^ '"^/'^Zl^'^^istormy years." Heso-called "Oroet. blem thus to reconcile the demands of the shallow accomplishOrden^""^.ilf'^'Sfp^^Mr. bJI^'. yard to fit out the United States storeship Rilufsengers, onlypro-legitimately precisely in a manner{,about five feet. It is a difiicultwhat it is now proposed towholly impracticable."Gallerypalnlul matt«for sea forthwith. Her destfriaUon Is tald to be the CoastandHere. then. Is aopenbeautyadjec-in the trial If could theyany Dr. SawAU.by anypolicytemperancetheoretically thoughnotpractically.commerce. Itstore any temporary loss we may sustain by the dis- ruption of tbe Union."' ^^ Panrftmainnl*eoanactioii torefertoanarti-deduction of 16m*ke acne alight amaad* to the loser.howarer, witnessed in partoathe somes to whk& Iwa* nnwilling to commit my autograph, and' am Tonr that in caaa the Ameri- foroneoftheialislaasjoarBalBattMSatt.liberal gentlemen who can Daion is dissolved, our famous and cherished •nd tbe West, I bave taluctantly eonelnded to offer a lag,This must arise eitherlargebusinesstheytraneact,orfrom Andwewilladd,tkattherearethosewhohave secularjournal*havebeentogro**o,fMatterandglar- tloatheformtWaaofrrm»1* lUtttancent, 'iloe*'to sUU that thegive $fi,000 tor %b are prospering &r beyond the Monroe doctrine will fall to the ground, and on few ttalemeBU respa"ctlng my tmavoldable eoaaeetloBtoitaaryperMaucompllane^ ^0i yiiar rtquaBt, I ilace at yourintends do,can Mexico, is simply ab-Into possessloBprobablythese details tbe exaiBlaaaoa of which WatEheninfPoet /"A ^Lasoa4ay**pecial Bwetinc of the Hew-Totkknowledgeir*t to Mra.repiT Bvaaa,to or doinare *(ntuhury Mabt. Treat i* a* yon like*; it Im't the whole, or any portion of that it doe* was represented a* liaTtng waatoaiy betrayed Mrs. country, B.'s confidence, la order to aid Mr. B. la the effort toThe. Another great canse of their diasstiafaction is alive with customers ; toys go off with a rapidity mine, and perhtps for that reawm ail the better. net exist. I have the charity to believe the Patt convict her of crime. On the 28lh of Neveoiber dml- Rev. Dr. Bbllov* a^dresaed flie audleeee. He taUIMTBBrOLATIOB—UTtrBatCO—POLITICAL.ReneBtwr not. Lord, as the footsteps of our fathersour la walkingCotin, and before thesetentioB la these times whea so laaay autton ofaaoh exetBag iatereet elatmwl oar Ifcaaght Tat It.wa*tion was proclaimed, supposed the monopoly wasthereby done away, and secret stores of smuggledtobacco were brought to light, and publicly offeredfor sale. Tou will not doubt that the omnipresent with me, when of tender years, as I well recollect ; they. In our Colonial state, "proclaimed Liberty country so unfortunately sUaated as Mexico is made. In papers remote from each other. The same Oar stalep(*eci*tyJ* aot •eentefisror th* idea afWhyis it that the young *foffences,nor as aa offencesimply intimate that for some time ta come wepapen of the facts aa thenapprisedted Stales copied into several other paper*.deraloaed byexpandea" engaged la manufactures andWilmington, though not the capital of Delaware, a itniltless field of CLtcrprlse, and canrot fall to re- style so closely resembles Mxisso.vua's, that many 1 thought tbey wou!d. that it w as less clear and con- Tbe ladles had a Herculean task before them.ver, thecapitaland the principal town of the South-by Miblx,thing for a man who held such principles as the geotlemaaopens upTheTiuxsisconsideredhighauthorityinMex- *'LaBelieican matters, and for this reason I am the more bestowed upon a little child by an elder sisterm anu show them theMoimtalns." It Is an Immense picture, of the same tbe letter as evidence, if they could tee thii to be at poor are vnccinated.eral statesman of that kingdom, the son of a sov- growing part of Delaware is exhibited much more According to all accounts, that country is just size as the "Bay of New-York." Old Mount Wash- all consistent with their amy. They contldered the Dr. Gaisooa denounced the Munldpal Authorities ereign, who lost bis crown through Napolioh as in the journals, than in the present mouthpieces of emerging from a long and bloody struggle, in which ington stands sublime as it is revealed by the soft light matier, but decided that they ought not to omit thit to which the execution of the Health lawsiioom-as the King of Bavaria dishonorably the State at Saulsbitbt liberal principles triumph. The Liberal Progressive of the rising tun, and we venture to say that the gran- piece of evidence ; and 1 did not ttilnk it important mllted.honorably Washington, althoughof Mexico has destroyed Its deur, the solidity, the silent and inherent strength ofto hitlst that tne letter should be re.-tored to my pos- session, merely to have it formally called out by orderI.I heard nothing from my letter to Mrs. B., of Jan.The report and resolutions were adopted, and the meeting adjourned.nniitary and Naval lBteIHg;eaee. Recruiting foi^lhe Army is not very brisk now. IppllcsnU for enlistment are olenty enough, but thelack ofin theThe matter has probably some connection with cessionisto at the National Capital, and FiauiB greatest bane and curse the Church Power.wonthe last year's bankruptcy of the Prince and his may be called a Rapublican, although returned as son-in-law,CountPassinbiim,whocertainlywas thecombinationcaiulldateoftheBellmenandthaPartyRepublicit, is indicted for swindling or breach of trust. and BataBD manifest no sympathy with the Ss-—It motmtalnwas never before sode-a swindler, ran away, and never was heard ofmore. Perhaps the hostility of the present Ad- 'Ihe business interests of Wilmington and the despotismministration has led to an indictment, which will State at large seem less depressed than might be not be sustained by facts. The reports that Prince expected. Notwithstanding the extensive troubles W. has fled from Munich are, thus far, without among the flour dealen in the great cities, therepotedGovernor's island coutltte of fbout 200 men, mostlymingtOB or Brandywine, and whaat commands tions of the Mantei^el Police system. The petty cash^ as usual. The cotton factories in the neigh-which luis heretofore been successful In crushingevery rising aspiration for freedom. Under these several orders for copies of that work In marble. He circumstances, it would not appear that Mexico is is new modeling several statuette groups, that will; itnot, and 1 had then no access to it, I replied, statbig giving the War Department the benefit of his enlargedRepublicans.Beach, by Blownaboutit arebnt not imporiant. I wiU take care to inform you mills and the powder mills are actively employed. likely to require the protection of any foreign which he calls " A Bribe," but which looki Uke theoftheif anything new turns up.Crinoline has another victim to add to her al-borhoodareThe latteronhalfbutthequarrelsjournalsspicy enough,working establlshsaenU,time,paper the Messrs.make a sensation when exhibited. There is onetoe fact at it was. But after thli time, I expressed to views on the state of tbe Army.Mr. B.'s countel my whihthat they would give Mrt. We gave some days since a detailed acconnt ofDdpunt, of world-wld*ready numerous list. A young lady of Berlin, occupation to about four hundred men, whoseMexicans them-timeTheshould come onconstant stepping from her caniage, caught her foot In her white cottages, scattered along the pfcturesqueandcounsel in potsettion of th* wnole corretpoadeoce, Major RossBT Abbbbsob, Ffrst Regiment Artlllary, two or three weekt before the cate came into Court. Commaading oiScar i Ataistant Surgeon, (. W. Craw-and fell, fracturing her legAmputation became necessary, and the pati«tat from the powder mills, give ahooped-skirt,badly.banks of the at Brandywias,respectful distancesTheodore Lieut. Tablat,ownedPower.In the nextB.'s counsel every advantage they oonslsteuUy could. In regard to tbe knowledge of the letter, before theFroB these statements the following facts are plain : ford, Medical Staff CapU Abner Ooublelty, coai- i1. IknowBothiug whatever of the trouble betweenMr. and Mrt. Bcxcb until after she had made her coa- Tnupdtm Company Eby reputation, givepeculiarly ap-"ihe forees at Forthas withstood, wearied out, and completely frus- pleted.trated the of Europe, which has exerted diplomacyNichols is displaying a very fine portrait of 31, until late In tbe month of May, wben 1 learned, while absent from home, that a note had been receiveditself so powerfully and persistently on the side of RicBzi, by Abxb;a pebbly curvy view of NewportfromherunderdateofMay18. InthianoteMra.B. her that a construction had beenandretrogression. Unaidedandalone,and against tbe opinion of the civilized world, theLiberal Party Is, according to ail appearances, ontbe eve ot a final and complete triumph over that cucumbers and cherries.expretsed surprtseput on her letter of Jan. 27, unfavorable to her,uently relerrii>g to the same sort of conttructlon whichI bad honestly given to it in my answer of Jan. 31,(nearly four moutbs before,} and of which she had ncrultf,made no complamt. Sbe also asked for a copy of Maj. Houxt, an officer of lengthened experleaea, Iswouldselves open their arms to receive us ?" as you as- Artist and his Patron," which It very fine. It Is really sume they wUl. I answer emphatically. No. Any gratifying to know that native talent Is encouragedsuch action on the of the Mexican is and patronized as extensively at it it by residents of part peopletotally out of the question. They offered through this City.Private enterprise is doing for the public here, in Art aa It dees In everything else, what in older coun- tries goes undone, or Is attempted only br Govern-place,"Jjiepropriateat thepresenttrialaccordingly they puther:ever exhibited herecolorings called the '* Cradle" orreticallyand andit wasaterrible prac'ically,sceneryfaithfullyof the Couiyaar •teamen will ply refularlypwers Bntirithoat ipeeiarfriend*oftbepaitle*lntli4xa*e.&very beantiful painting, by Ans, of idbany, wbich I*"ens our opinion, that as the work of an amateur, it Isterialfactsinvolved. Thefactsareasfollows"Niagara strength-themalty article in Wednesday's TiMK, headed, Shall we of tha actual scene, it caimot be excelled, and the per- on the sameaay. The first Intimation I ever heard Jas. T. BtABT, Etq., aald he did not feel that h*Aa a faithful and absolutehave Mexico ?" If I undsntand the drift of this ipectlee la very fine. The water, however, was ol thetioubie I received on the lUth of January, wben h*d a right to be there. He had n«ifth^ the qoallfica-;conttaryand antoat my bouse lo obtain the letter, wben 1 was not In, and my wife, after considerable searcb, found it and gave It to him, under the impression that there was noanythingtemperanceliberal andtions. The Senate of the United States not only manent or transient, as may best sidt the whim of tberefused this when it was offered, but declined to individual owner. In this city we have several perma- ». The letter of Mrs. B., which ha* been ao widely light oabased onaccord to the Constitutional Government ofwaters of the Texan bays with those of the turbu-^^^^^^^- ""u" T^""- ^""<""berg, cousin lent seas of Hatteras, yet this steamer is staid to be overrun with Slavery," I consider altogether base- Temptation" and the Expulsion" of our respected So^t "pfcfto^Serunder anynever been,over his grave. After public upthe from live to five hundred dollars to your obedient There is a ray of light or hope- theabused himservice, the church was cleared by the soldiers.The proverbially pious Stuttgarters are indignant. fon, (ilon't theindecorouslyfi rst I have seen—" been expressed by pictures Indicate the subjects. In the Temptation" ?"e. T^.same opinion ha. alsothe ship Sc«r«-o.in Thanksgiving Day was celebrated by the Ameri- package of tickets in our intallibleservants, Thingumy & Co., Box No. 9,999,who kno^v as well what areN. E. of Bermnda, hythe Halifax and West India mall correct this, as the DclK^ sailed /«"»number,)aans in Berlin by a dither, which, I hear, was 4 the v'.'d of nest month V I have, if you have not, mustforgetand I have had the stren'lh of mind to deeline.yeomen glareit as of good. I refer to tbscura. We sincerely tiust that such as he was notnot be off Bermuda before the 18th or this whole mattler to the 14th, and would was off Boston.Wilmiug- eichangc for aflashing Mibject.fatallyAdam, sitting gingerlyon agreenatanymen iadrawing for"'inS^^'calmly cjmmit fel,^J=tntMSuT.r«^h1la h at which Ume the Scargs spokenThe' seller on fire Is reported also to have halbased my rcf'jsal u?on mornl grounds, strictlyliiusic, formed a patriotic whole. I am credibly for I cannot reconcila it tj Uie r'j'.e of ri^ht to put r.e;>te9eataliv*3, thtt the queslitn »f SUrery in gatden and there communed with blBi,The idea that Hexico is under anyrisk of beingemlaently Interesting and rather antique " "thewIU clote at theadvantageous treaty stipula- one and all the results of private outlay, and are per-place am^ong his reasons for Biaklcg applicadon for divorce.A letter from the African Squadronon the I ecent captures of so many cargoes of aePbUDBICH CBaiSTOFB. DABLHAM.f, One of the ond, just as he was hastening to the aid of a lowing Mexico, nolem lolem, at one gulp ?most characters the leaders of woutided workman. A pretty church near the ro- such policy as this with Mexico can be made to fened to individual plcturct that are now on ex- hope th* whole mor*l of th* A Southern l>aperspotless amongthe trial. Moreover, aspectwork, and it will prove ruinous to any party or hibition at the rooms of GooriL, and are matter had been changed at this time by Mrs. B.'s re- manv of our naval vessels were constructed South,1M8. He was of the samemanticof theattests theasparty Ar.ndt, thebridge generousBrandywine founder.pi9tyto learn that further oppoitunltiet are to be of her former rokementNorth. There were 48 ships buUt atand a side- be dictated by any unfriendly feelings towards ition of French and Flemishafterwards, when banished from Hanover, lie re- and having wonderfully light draft. The steamer, doubtless be received more kindly from your jour- have concluded to remain with us some little timepossession at It aid.7. I used my Influence tuccetifuUy to •ecf*which offered They haveaImperial Crown to the King of Prussia; and wheel steamer for the Southern trade, both iron, Mexico. The suggestions you have made wlU for the Gallery It crowded dally, and the proprietors Mrt. BcatB's counsel a haowledg* of the oontenU or at Norfolk seventeeneight at Washingtondeputatioajust completedpropeller,picturesis itiUcontinued,to fifeea at Philadelphia -;atBotton sixatPecttmouth. ;ceived anKabl Joebisswas also prominent in the "belonged, at first, to Daulmann and Gagfrn's party, and then went over to thedeutaken.".,Your readen can bow judge for themselves bow nn« at ^kett Harbor, and one In PlUtburg.of the King, was bnned on the 29ih of November as capable of riding a rough sea as a vessel with less. My doctiins is that the entire power ef the and tlmplc-Datured parientt, who occupied some cen- **i"»nroDlv add that In a recent meeting of a pat- was put to work OB the ship yesterday.In the family vault at Stuttgart. He was favor- a kctl twenty feet under water.fasten on Mexico. A turies since that very comfortable and reputed-to-be- .„;.Tii,«liiloB In tb\i city, at which ten pastors andoa Fire. Thursday, Dec. 2T, IsSa.a savant and ahe did not agree very well with thebeautlfiii spot called Paradise. The story rtms ttiatwere my relaUons to tnis present,You sum.ite that the steamerroyal head of Wilmington, inviting you as a confidential friend of little use to discuss this point, so long as theItCourt-preacher, is ti\d. (taken haphazard from the Directory) (o send on mind is to fever heat on thetheby aerpent,:seen on nran.may !»ve beeaUnited States cannotSlaveryThe Bteaaaor See* Niw-Yoax.misunderstood It comes from an unexpei ted and pecu-n^ny other genUeiienilie proper Imilts ol pastoral confidenceover this absurd andliar quarter, and if there is no trick about it,we finded by a jolly Hon and staring straightfidered an extremeRepublican,with God In thequestion.were freely canvassed, and thefiDr"eiscdbv everV member of tbe meeting that ray JW l\e Kdttor cftke Kiie-York Timracob- in the House ofAoamb,i'each ofCuicAQo, Dec. 17, leeo.mo't probably, from, and Yjois, tTi'y,Untitled Documentitously on certain days;capUlBS craft go scot letting the emptyScbaci, who,lure, to our art-loving'No and superior execution. We have frequently re- atsured that thit wat the onlycourts I could Su'^rfr^on^'io-^^-'y pursue vessel that took them-thereby keeping our Athenian friends on the tenter-hooks of ditsppolnted cxpectaaey, much to tkefr dlgtrlfied attonldiment.In connection with thisbrated, much bepraitml,; much-olscussed and much-abused palstiiutt by Clacsb Maxib DcBura, of those '*.^?,£iS.^..^mceBary' consideration is unworthyr^-bank, hack- ahead at we we have at times seen rustic at a ca?iicra'«"";?'• .^"'*".^ Halifax on thebabv-faced. doll-eyed Miss Nancy lolfill our Ideal of him who walkedh'u..»^effishne.. an^d ^--^^^,,30^.are the cele-^"«SSLJr„?i^ t^ ^«"-Tbe"»puulS.n that I have b*ensubjects,for the African squadron"ycemi In about three week*. A crowd ofEve, being persuadedsubject. by the avenging angel of the Lord. The titlet of the was no grou.d lor just censure a*'^"*' TM«.,'° '?'tempted Adam, who, yielding, was vrith her driven from their homeEditoni^tkt6Hemgl71 IniDr.of Albzahps*Haibltoh In the country. Patriots being scarce In York, indulge* In the remark that " the cinfeMnenal who went out u servte* Iwr*. ho thooght, were P'ovl-Tltlble to the public eye.npnnBcRCBfiledoltcomplaintandapplicadonforwith the remarits of never made to run ; It is marblelzed water—having Mr. BCBCH called me Into his house and stated to me tlont nor attainmentt which were etsantial ia ord«rena that occurred around lu, aad explaioed thstr overtaken it, with the news of his appoint- trouble to the but do O the purpos|^f bring about a speedy annexation of tbe vigilant eye of the worthy Governor. How dif- letter she mide strong prolesslons of penltonc* causes, and how they might be made useful to mu-more publican, thou, thirstyment. Things have wondrously changed in tha customer, where sixpence is the landlord's law, The excuse for these suggestions, rela- limbs arboreal and human, are nor such as we see God, and requested me to wrtte to her as soon at ceased to be carelett of hit haallfa becaos* ef hit m-Kaiserlich Staaten. KonigUiheninsist the direct transmistion of the uponpalpabletfre to taking Mexico under the wing of the North,sternlyThe only known effect of the Warsaw Confer- mantling fluid from the wood to thy cup ; as youand eventually incorporating that country into the Northern Union, is to maintain an antagonism, or in other words, erect a barrier against tha furthered men and buxom women In holiday gtdse, much re- and 1 would sometimes pray together for her," and the sex upon Its benevolent attributes, and es- "ence is the excitement among the Poles. Placards value the in Warsaw announce that vitriol will be thrown writer.approbationof your l>etter self—and thesemble the crowd of miserable emigrants who dally that X would comlort her poor husband." From pecially alluded to the *eIf'Sacrific* of Fua-'beyond praise.renderingbeen nobbed abroad through the city several oays. On todato vrith men who percelred the sanitary pheaom-But tome facts had coma under td* obaerratloa la Isa comical picture of our Battery In the olden time- Istt. I made no allusion to the difficulty imtll It had connection with this subject. It was his delight to a*-on thegreen sward,watchedby BuBCB. imder date of Albany, Jan. 27. In thisIt was aconvei.lent. Khe also asked me to request Mr. for same fafr one. Mr. Bbabt there to-day, nor does the festive gathering of breech- BcBCU ' to pray ever for her," and desired that he garda aiaacompUmeBtadthe Mexican Republic to the States of the North. ferent then from now. The trees, the figures, the fur her sin againsther husband andagainst kind.positivetnith thatmanykadHe believed that God' do- the camival-festivitles. At the same time, cessionists in this of Delaware,.that it is hard- progress of the Slave power South, gain see It, and as a painting of rich and effective coloring quainted with Its contents. And tmdsr the droum- Hsr peculiaxlties, phyttologleal and moral, fitted her—on the dresses of those who daie to take part in Returning to our question there are so few Se-we wouldcoming part a market which will offset the one we lose by a it wUl be a pleasing sight for all who love such works. staiicesuo reflecting person cotild hare underatood for it. ware who warethe hatred against Jews and Germans knows no ly worth one's while to count them. The lines are dissolution of the Union.fully ialenBedbounds.The Chamber of Hessa haa not disappointed thedrawn much as in New-York and veryof her guilt. Still I deemed It th* wiser course to sayto be *ura,*ould aot be a Fle eeu a Everywoman, ition of 1860. The Hall of the Chamber was the ern Disunionists, It Is hardly necessary todisplays by jewelers say, Republic. Tba whole question of Slavery will then finer than can be foiuid In all the world beside. Aanswer was Mr. notBtbcb met m* aad spoke of Mra. BvB**'* lettan toaoiog tncth iaf»a*l*t«M withNew-Eng- land, between Republicans, Douglas Democrats,Yourarticle statestheir successes in bronxe—bntthe material fortoMr.Bubcbabouttheletter. Onthenothing after tha•cane of aa interesting and solemn struggle. The* the Government officer who at- Commissary" (asSlavery.the position of the QorenmeQt in relation to the deviatiag. For instance, the Fremont electors re- A piotectorate would be the Intiatory measure, ae- reductions of the gems of all the knownDelaware,teada the second Chamber is called) first axplained has been, during the past four years, rapid and ua-are bronzes to the extent of Thare are $250,00a.that he underitood that the had written tome,fraistek,ed him how he t>ecama aware that ahe had writ- Rer. Dr. MuBUBBBiaa dwelt npon tbe adrlsabillty ten to me T He reidied tkat eke kad so stated kerttU and practicability of tiie propoeytauasar*. H* *ag- ia a letter to kis suter-in-law, (who was then In hithave never interrupted the political serenity of be out of the wayanythUigthat wasunbecoailngarThen the Chairman of the Committee to which the lional ideas in 1861, and I think that foursubject had been referred, reported the above-men- will hardly suffice to destroy the Republican ofby an inluslon of a large element of Narthera leafless—the "Fates," after Phidias—statuettes ofA debate ensued, in which sixorator* boldiy defended the address, and the seven the Hertldunqualifiedall her conleialons, Mr. Bvbch spoke to me againtioned address.organization, thotigh ^r. BucHANAii's^qrgan andaad the enlarged npon" There areNightingale,manyU$l»,progress hands without Incurring the risk of being overrun by* * * * * *several different penons, and addsd, to my great sur- thefr best characteristics.just' this, and' emphatically poratcil.1|—Century Pompelan copies:though collection Is so plentiful, there Is not In alldaycoold maketheeuelre*on the andletter to her at least to make him ac-husbani}, or, dgncd woman to b* th* aiinlatar ad saaltary atfslis.of th* letter, Jan. 31, 1 answeredhopes of the country. They adopted, on tha 8th, Breckinridge Democrats and Union men ; the lat- policy ol a protectorate over Mexico, which th* dlsso- slngls collection of bronses worth flM,0OO—each putting upon it th* only constmctloB which occurred morementintbeehnnAe* for stallii fa*>at watmany obstaclestothe adoptionof theEuropeareceiptIt,an address to the Elector, declaring themselves in- ter very few, and barely distinguishable from lutiun of the Union would remove. Deeply as w* man displays his own and jealously watches his to me as possible without accusing Mn. Btaoa of the an excaUent one. CooceBtnUon wat needed, aadbeing should deplore the dlnaptlon of the Confedancy, a*grossest hypociity, which I was far from doing. Ia thu* It would b* attataed. Headmliaa th* *h(iBUagI Mrs. Bcbcb the bast ooansel I was modesty sorrymy answer, gave of tbe sex, aad would be to tee worn**able, assnrtim her of my deep sympathy, and pointing broaght to any posittons for which their d*H:aey didneighbor. In this cotmti^, and more particularly In this City and Philadelphia, the sale, of bronzes Is enormous, and the made our areand the Mexican people can re-whose toward liberal ideas ceive a guarsuiy of a stable Government at our gallery, to which admittance is free, has recentlybeen opened by TirrAirr & Co., of this City. In whichcompanied with free trade, and a right of colonka-coBstitntional question, attempting to reconcile it ceived 306 votes; the Lincoln electors, 3,600. tlon. But It Is evident tnat the effect of this Intimate antiques, aaost admlraUy and faithfully castwith the articles of the German Confederation. Whatever party shall represent liberal conslitu- intercourse with the free people of the North, accom- Sack works as the " ApoUo Belvldere," leafisd oreompeUnt to represent the country, since they the Bepublicans and Douglas Democrat*. The itwere chosen under the unconstitutional Constitu- factions of tha New-York Shells and the South- sad event would remove the last obstruction to thenow exists, it is a consolation to know that thatccnsunimatlon of the obvious policy of the Americanher to Him who always forgives ttie true penltont.yean friaenelmeedn, would be to Americanize Mexico In Its Ideas Benvenuto Leonardo dlthan twomontht after tbe receipt of Mn. B.'s. letter, and after ITwat well understood that she would In her delence make an denial of the truth ofwithout num- aboutMr. SB. HAiLnAr presented *om* *tatistte* eoa- cemlng tbe coaditlaa of th* poor in thi* City, *lr**dya f w years of pupilage the Mexican States would be Incor-Cellini,Michael Angelo, Fallssy the Potter, and Outtemberg —some exquisite things after Jsab Goujsb of the^-published,recommendadons of the report.Importaoceth*n-g-^ »..of Hon. F. A. Cosxuaa being called upon, sUd heti. .inal Stales. The South will thus be surroundedthroBg the Castle Garden gates—but as an interestingthete and other Indications 1 could not resltt the con-BBOB NuBiiBaALB, wfaom he declared to beremlnifcenceadvise all New-Yorkers togreatest being llvlBg.Vinci, Raphael,so that afterfq^^a^ terms with the orig-..*..so leave the Federal Government mtact. It would re- liive, are found in wonderful profusion. The tastes of could be avoided. X immediately went to a judicioui tion of the poor t Much might be done in taarhtartain every feature of its organization, and every re- our demand such peoplegovernmentand civil freedom;viction that Mn. Bubcb wished me either to sho m the theHow few thereThe worlunen of the Old World are noted for the letter otherwise than aa a virtual acknowledgment with regard to irhat Fi«aBaoB NisariBstu had ^oa*.Two or three day* alter thi*ipukeagainDr. PuasT claimed that thecrowding togetherof;He then asltedgested that it would b« w*U to call a meeting of ladie* who felt intrrestol in the mbject, andta talkft orar with them. IfdispeB»*rle« were **tahU*taed far (h*if hebut 1 promptly declined showing it to him.Oh tha Itttiwdauu Ood-rewardad labor.of De- againD. thing occurred agata on the Tth of Deeember, aad the the obOgstliM wUCh the wealOdsr rlss*** owe t*hithat were not ao Dtaiocratic. The dUlealtla* her* ia odicat and jyar«maric aspect of thete assaults could thia regard existed of eoorsebnt tobeorercnme ; bnt It wonueDotvrite to forget that thayexltt. Taers wat phase ot Mm aob^iattaiishiBh ^k dadrad to **aNo. » Ka*t oafiitare geaeration*. Tha ibutlett. Cr. Bxixows' suggestion with rMsid tb afit tham. bat he did not believe that lamailed, to do good IB the auaner proposed they would doseeSeme time In the month of April, I think, more poor much good would resulthouse. )mightthe letter,and atked his advice m relation to tbem tbe laws of Hygiene. Mr. Cobilibo at tpokeand fabulous Christian lawyer,prices, the case. He said to me that I could be legally length of the importance of cleaallness a«t renUla-or to twear to recol- Uon. mytbelection of Its contents—that it would be safer, and Dr. Post advocated the agency of ladles in beka'fmore just to ail paruet, yvilhhold it.particular mention; to u^e It, after the turn which 'the case reduced them to He to the lasociety veryliberallytoA day or two afier this, Mr. Bcacaon the 1 renewed my ex- subject.to mepiet.'ion ol unwillingness to nave the letter used inihe Court, 11 It could be properly avoided. He said, many families In tenant boutet was caused by nut however, that his law>ert would feel constrained and tobacco, which stupefied the senses of men andButand without any design on his part, Mr. Buaca called practically. Under tbe same kind ol dlscouragementtlations to the case.my expectation,bad expressed,to bebut aalmost to pull.teppled " thatBlowk is getting on finely with his White lurther stipuiailou to make respecting it. Afterwards A gentleman suggested It would be a gool I called on tbe counsel and requested them not to use work for tbs ladles to see to It that the children of tbsa view of Old Point Comfort, Jambs McKatb, one of the most promising young na- tive artljtt among us, and a series of pictures of un-such asJohn Roqibb, the sculptor, of whose " Fairy the letter. Her note presented to me a Strang* ap- in command. The head-quartert of the Army iaseasonable fruits,water-melons, squashes,whoare first-class toldiera inevery war.Devil and an Alderman, whichThe is a cor- fbUowiag;byto them renders the officers indlt- money pay;;will beand another calledMoultrie.rect stetemeat of tike oBeen statiqaad therewas filed, and could not, therefore, have had any K. Meade, AaslFtantt,—evl-toenroltbefrnames. Theforceat oa presentwithSBy ofpreventingtheuseoftheletteron wouldlike toknowhowand of her«. It wat accidental that the letter patted out of my cludlr.g Washington,) at foUows: Ten at New-Yorkthe letter before th* UiaL N H - OB* In Erie, Penn., (the rteamor J»kJ«-««,)actuated by a mercenaryand .pedal obligation toof Africa,but thit is doubted. If sbe goes there aZtferopMoavr^"S 1^ been o?eof entfre hi"«rity. and th. there, .k.„„i,.s how wholesale chargettnatThe Some of the beat vestelt inLieutJeffeisoB C. Davis, Lieut Norman J. Hall, Adjutantadvantage gafried by and;etraagly-.Cap*.mm www.fultonhistory.comi^^ 