 ST. TheHEENAHGoverning Convention.Mr Price can only put up one hand. Mr. Pries, it seems, from a Mr. Mi!ler, who Is familiarly known ss Father John Ysxdergrew testified that toe was a wheelwright the first class the Steads unparalleled, aad at an exper DiaiiDionihm Bebukcd by tke South, aid lie by trade, sad had worked at t t - business tweaty-firemlo one purse, and publicly presented to him.THE N E W YORK HERALD.WHOLE N O . 8 7 4 1 .tt nfce bt>:c_id whip Beecan fren tot the eoauataliveiy Pint Grand Fete of the Has- .tideq-an- ccscpcnsai.cn of five cents. Tbe affair teems \lkti-j to be eoasummated, when the Metropontant Inter- fere and the half dime manias in abeyance. A number ifetheriiUethingsofthesamekindwereladchaitely-y- •••—— ' ' ' —— -—•'-——•-•••MORNING EDITION-TUESDA Y , AUGUST 1 4 , 1 8 6 0 .PRICE TWO CENTS.TBE PBanOTIU CAIPAIGH.Part** Md Pw*itrci«iis the Unatry.cuiar Christians,postponed.la a few minutes more Caaksk and McDonald retire fromvest.gat.cn into the c.recmeteaces attending the accident.TT. Inauguration o f the New ReU~T u r n v t r e l a - T u n a n d C o n r a d ' s S i m P a r k .Knthnslmsmsttpious Movement.the scene cf action, and public attention is directed to abard looking customer, with a sore hand aad a miaactfaro-pjcaspect. HeturnaouttobeEdward Price,aexttotbe citizens,hasnowbeeninexistence infc'J Tiger fortecChampion, the most popular man among the muscular years, though it had previously b*en in embryo for two ' eluded yesterday bef :re Ccrcaser Borton axd a jsry. The Chrauaas. Kdward is to pat up h e hands with Aaron years, namely, m IMS, when Its first inception proceeded ' following it the evidence taker:—Jones ( t h e a pronounced long) b u t unfortunatelyA TJOKES'WOOD. M a s swhJe promecaom: in Broadway, coming home probably I Miller, the oldest Turner a the United SUtee, both from rem: at the request ef Oercner Borton went to tbe from an evening prayer meeting on Sunday. saw a men- i his size and from his being the lb-aider of an institution i scene ef the accident found the road in pool condition;meat of the future results of ocean steam navigation there canbe no doubt nut that the ocean monster is ahead ef everything else•i a aHCENK^ON TUBS1OK-OUNU.Wli»ttheKucular Christians Said aad Did-Pen •BO Ink Photograph of the Hero of the Heur- BMniftion of.the Lesser Lightt-The Gladia- tors in the Arena-CurIOUS Beveloptmenu asto the Manners and Morals of the Gorern-mg Classes-Mimic Kepresentation of the Paraborough Fight-Hot WorkfarAll Hanoi-Presentation of ten Thousand Dollars t o t h e Champion-The •patcnes The Platform of the; constant departures for the Western States, in the West, where the Germans are less nomadic, similar soci eties show a steady increase, without periodical diminuMaetiilar PaopiaChristians- 36,000perfect, axd the arm is like that of the Pannes" Hercules. !r he bad lived hi the age of Phidias. Heenan would have bet n chosen as a modet fur a statuo of • 'iympian .love.Ihe ring is luickly arranged. The se^mds arein their places A mysterious Individual bor-rows a watch from Florence, the comedian, where held, and the day celebrated at Conrad's Elm Park, be- sleeessa; none of the spokes appeared to be loose; 1 did Eastern are entitled t<-the consideration of all intelliCackledropatacc.to settle (he prospects of the beet ship of the world. We are not here making a note of tee history of the vessel. Nobody haoever paid more attention to ber appearance and her career since hex arrival in this country than the BXIIAUJhas,done. But we auut any tnat the emaagers do notknc*rli0wto''keepabnfcel.h'If Uiey did, the Cape May excursion would have been a great success, instead of a lamentable fail ure.o nt h eGround,are not neglected. A library for the use of pupils is a t tached to the school, and the members of the Taraverein have a similar institution for themselves.am sure they were all sound.cerned, fulfilled U ie duty|wbidi then devolved upon them. While they remain here we hope that they will continue to be as acoommouaimg as tbey have hitbertoHwas auocosced a f«w days ago that Messrs. Beary Used and J. M. Nixon, two gentlemen somewhat dis Uaf>aned as caterers fcr lheamusement of the public,tween Ninetieth and Ninety fourth streets,on Ihe Bloom not examine the portioii of the road beyond where the en gent Americans.ingdale road. The day opened roughly and with squalls, gine Jafi the track; it was al) eastward where I examined; We need not describe the •scenes of yesterday, as thereand with every indication of a rain storm, but, 1lbink the road torn up was about seventy or ei{hty was little to portray. Thei wharves were crowded, andnotwithstanding this unpropilious appearance of foet Hem where the engine first went off tbe track. as the ship lay otr in tbe stream she was visited by overthe weather, the members of the Tur&veiein came liisbsrt Stone teatiiied that he lives in Fulton avenue,out m strength, and, augmented by several other German n'raflfsm- saiT tan nrriiarii about nine o'clock en the of the Great Eastern. No'puo expects to tat her here cW- Dttl0ffuUm of Oor. Lekker—T%e South will Put societies,formedoceofthelargestprocessionsthathas morningofFriday,tbe3dinst.;whenIfirstsawtheagainWeallknowthattliereisnotsufficienttradebeever been witnessed on a similar occasion, since the engine it was back of the curve, and at the same time the tween New York and any European port to IUS Dmni tu OKU Sectionalidi and Lxux a SimiUu Duty UJClasses'i nat:theBlackPrincehimself,rushedtotheaidofbeauty'amongtheaatlvtsofFatherland,aswellastodeve-ay IU*the Lien •# UMM—Trl-Entreeoftncioj, la»W UK •War •# CIIIMI • • • Use Skwitethemembersoftheoidsociety,uwasdissolved,andthe tiestakenout;meannonewoaes,theywereoldaadhad formerly been there; there were no new tins on that present oreaaizatioB too* ts place. It then coneisted 0 portion of the track. examined about seventy fivebut fifty members, but it raj..u!y mcreated in cumbers vards ear. and vest from where the cars went oilarriva;.andifsheshouldremain herefora fewmonths she will clear many thousands hsore. This is the great theory of the-'big ship." But, to speak the truth, we*MO<6W hat thewith to keep time, otttgnon, the opponent of Beenaii Tor the sham flgbt, appears within the ropes. Tbe colors of tbe Champion are tied nigh unto one of t le Ti iiutf philosophers, aad the ba'.tle begins.It is not.entertaining. • ttigoon, like Master Hamlet, is vint and short of breath '" Heenan dances about the petttUsegoverningclasseeinthemetropolis—obeseprofessorlikeaflycoquettingwithahoneyt>>'-, and ever and anon fires into hixt with that reaarltableWirrrs Scunra SnuoToa, Va, August 11,1660 P11W1V SoUivtmi in Virtrntia—Hrr /Vawfm in Ou Pre mt Gmttfl—Tont tf Southern Opinion GylhtTtd ai UK#bad eflccted an engagernart With UK chosen lepreaxtte-a thousand persons. People look ou this as the last viewSy.Mi—Sitima en the BrmkimrUft Vartf—MtmarkNothing could be neater nor wore tempting than thisofceta: announcement, and it ia not to be wondered attbat tbe mascular Christians and tbe curious public weresugbtJy taken with it, and repaired in large numbers totheclassic snadee of Jones Wood. Tbe aflair was ansomwed to begin at twelve o'clock, and tbe muscularChristians began to get under any for the Wood at anearn tiour. All the city railways, on t h e east side, werecrew ted between midday and three o'clock, and the fnenns and admirers of presenting to you, in miniature.avenues leading to the arena were covered with numerous vehicles of ah sorts, from the aristocratic four in head down to the batcher's or grocer's wagon of common life, arriving at the Wood it was found tbat a temporary circus bad been fitted up on tbe ground. wner*Teutonic maidens formerly indulged in the rural pastime of donkey riding. There were sumptuous stats, manufactured from thelux-vising tbe best means for Ike aid and assistance or tb-unfortunate survivors of! Uie murdered Christians offyna. Tne benevolence cfj our citizens could be uepeaued on on such an occasion as this. Already Uie benevolent impulses of our merchants and others had been madeapparent, (one gentleman it" whom no appeal at alt ha ibeeniuade, had seut 11: s-lbei as his contributiou for the uoes not harmonise with tbe real duty which ihe Soatn ieptaaed. Ukowaoe our .enraptured gase rested upon an arcb, presumed to be triumphal, sad bearing Use Cham-you tu» enclosure, containing a4check or certificate of ler Sangerbund were engaged singing a succession of board and was drowned. Some friends of deceased it is gether at Beyront the bftnner of America should be profess Bis nomination is traced directly to Uie move- deposit, being the proceedsof the voluntary contributions songs, duets, glees, A c , HI the uobW-erniau language true, were a little suspicious of Mary and her mead altogether absent It we cannot interfere with camion ment, at Uie Charleston Convention, of the a^h^rr* dewerected, aad titteu upwith posts, ropes, * c , to represent a riag. No other arrangements, except thosefor liquor setting,wereapparent. Naturewaskindtotheboys,and smiled upon the affair. The day was one of tbe finest oftbe season, and gentle breezes fintm t n e south southeast hawed the gladiator's velvety ctieeitsTae festival was ceremoaiooaTy cotameaced a t noon b y the firing of a karg- number of guns, whiih operation was more Betsy than delightful. Then there was an mttruaaeata! concert by Dodworth's Band, which re-tee sad of this r u t asaembage. 1 have great pleasure tu ; the. sports salted to their age. of course the favorite welcoming you to your native shores. Ten thousand we!- amWmeut o''K'w..''aaibrioie was not forgotten, name comes to you. and may a corse begin at the root of his ly, drinking lager bier, immense quaatitic: ot which were heartwho is notgttdtoaeeyou. (Eathuswstic cheer • consumed;butitmustberememberedthattheuumbero!possible, from a mere casual examination, to tell whether throughout tbe world We are no longer an obscure peo- tbe opinions and views of that gentleman, aad his politi- any violence had been resorted to or not. However, the ple, having an experiment! to make: and-as a great repre- cal confreres of the South Carolina school Their heartsthe idea of seeing the hero of the hourIt sessaed t these charm :ag people that b e woulinever come. They took tneir Maces ia the arena long before three o cloak, aad nl-ed ii,» she mlerval with tbc mterchaageofcompliment-moregrapUMMtilyUnaeie,-wtSo ended the graat Musciemaa's earn: * A t a little I aad draw down repealed applause. Tbe athleticbefore five o clock the show concluded, and soon after exercises consisted of swinging heavy weights overwards the crowd had dispersed, aad Junes Wood was left j the head, holding them at arm's length, and tion. On the s a w uight an affray took plaoe at the cora.taat.atlasttheglauhouiiarrived. Tueseatswere **H"the•tending'n<omwan\unloujjerr**iai The wessalmas amiked and og.eti tSngln.i,*tora. Tbe gentle •jeeef the press hugged the pbaionu The email txwg ewaasedh>tbetopmostorwdctieeofthetrees.The "•waiamea were at hand. There is a rush, and a cry or•matt ban.' as a carnage |pwe* under the arch :$300 1 003 J..*4 25 DAYlast., to learn the death,at the City Hotel, m thw city mained imp ini. Itessrs Rhodes 4: Co, cow charge that yesterdty.orexChance'loT&nrn-*!"1 COCKS, a well known tbe representttioas made by the defendant at tbe time of c-.tisetioftheStateeflTissisPipi;.H wasoltheveryjthepuchase,asInhisbeingtheownerofri.000worth extensive firm of Cocke, Bradford * Co..contractor*, who I of pr'perty, weiwlhise and made with a view to defrau 1 have done so much work on the railroads in urns Mate The magistrate leaded to hold the acjused to »ah to and Mirairsippi. It was on business connected with these j answerawakent»tbenecessity0:defendingitselffromihe Bchetne0">!viciousmen?.'.Iromebeforeittalksofreels- tanci *.'- tbe otoer? " * a a higii state oi etiluaci at m<i perspieaiiot; » erivuig, and tbe cr>wd fl|vi.les **> either a:delira W >rks, struck thw mornuij on account of a dispute wsypaouthegloves »wi,notuwork WatN- betweentheirboss.MrBTOWTI,ar.ithemaaagerjofthe\ WmSsr. K ilirter P ciu«!rte*-nr l» T Me*"**- Wr -IHarpw. MnaWiiiittsa*.Mi*.B'Ttuna,•'.¥.Snear.BSWhaler. ownrmrdclcnrar'r-te;"?-Iv'-the?jorththeonus01 J W a<umjcnierj. 111 heleo^, Mr Freer* K ^'aaley-aad0>rsiis»r»r* defeatingthe«,ct'u2".«? tbcreanidote,-If*nty*>yster in human shape beating a female. It 11quite unne- which tends so materialy to foster social intercourse easaary to say that the muscular Edward, ss chivalrousHaifa Califil Upon to So t f Same.Position of Virginia as a State of the Vnion anda*aBorderSouthernState.in d*irens and knocked several of the monster in human shapes teeth down l i s throes. By so doing, however, Mr.Priceputhisknucklesoatofjutat, andwasunable to dc much with Jones. IneChrjUaas seamed to likeit, however, aad it is not for as to eonplsia. Mr Price suf- fered :n a righteous cause, aad let hun be dalr honored therefor,Now fur the Champion, I/>! the conquering herocomes i The conquering hero rides m an open baroucSie, isurrounded with a large amount oi amencaa nags anJpc.icemen. On the box sit 7tf!xnuandan M P., with a"grave and reverend seignior, ' proprietor of a moat re-tptctabie weekly. The barouche circulates about tbe{rounds. The Champion m urbane. B e bows on eitherside as the crowd shout loud heaaaaas and cheer him'ope the muscles sad promote the manhood of our youngTheOreatEasternhashidafavorable timeinthisvrt ct tbe muscular Christians, aad tne especwJu> wit, Mr. John C. Beenaa—to show himself lefthandwbicbworriedMr.TkomasSayerssodec!ledly. foundationofthe society. Atseveno'clocktheseveral wheatswasblown;1think theenginewasabout thirtycurrent tend*—for t h e course he has ad opted, and thatbene*derated himself to the service of Messrs. Woodand Kuan for the term of three months, daring whichbe wiH give exhibitions m si! tbe priocipaJ cities: and,beyond peradventure. attract more attention than all toe see the Chami-toi, as be appetrid when be aston'shed therreawlentiaJ candidates could tney toe hitched into oneBritish Lkn and gave the Eagle of Columbia a ehan :e for themosttremendousscreaminwhich tbe Birdof Free- dom hath indulged of late.After the ppamng tne distinguished party returned to the hotel, where tbe gladiators disrobed and indulged in the sponge bath,appearing subsequently ariayed likejuvenile Turners, drum corps of the Turnverem, under the commandofDrummajorBerchet,musiccorpsoftheTurn- verein, New Yorker Turnverem, rifle corps of the Turn- verelssure the cow was Walking on the track; there were no othercowsthere.Kiliau Stumpf testified that he resides in Macdougal street, New Brooklyn; am a butcher by trade; saw the engine when it came out of tbe cut; it was abo 11 thirty feet trom where ass cow was, the cow came out of tbeconditionofpublic opinion south of Mason aadDixon's line, inasmuch aa many of the gentlemen gathered bere are men of long public experience calm judgment, aad generally of large vested interestsThe position thai Virginia may occupy in Uie political contestbeforeusisoneof nosmallimportance; and tbe factthatIhavemetwithGovernorLetcher,wbohas conversed freely, frankly, and with deep feeling oa theas a matter C eourse. tins series of muscular fitt?must be commenced in the metropolis, aad Jones' Wood,which Las been tbc theatre or masy curious events in ite Solomon In all his glory. What next- Why, next, a prejCompany G First Bassars was on the grouud 1 but bearing that their Captain (Stucke) had died during tbe night,they did not tall in , out dispersed. Tbe procession left bushes, and was In the act or crossing the track when the tbe ball at nine o^lock, and proceeded through Or- engine caught ber; tbe bushes were about twenty or chard street to Grundy thence to Kssex. from which thirty feet from the track: the engineer bad tine to see itenteredavenue.\ tofourthstreet,then thecowatadistasteofeightyorninetyfeelfromwhere to the Bowery, down which it proceeded as he struck her; I saw one piece of tie rotten: I couldDEPARTURE OPTHE GREAT EASTERN.The movements of the great ship, before she left Ene land, were so often disappointing to the public, that there seems to be p-me uncertainty in peoples minds as to whether she wil- actually leave us on Thursday next. The advertisement oi' Messrs'.Grinnell, Minturn A-Co. sets th.s question at rest, and there is no doubt that sh> will leave ourshoresorthedatefixedlTheshipwillstopatHal fox on her outward passage to land the passengers sheuay—sometimes devoted to tne worship of Terpsichoresentatioc to tne Boy.Of course be must have a presentation, an 1 arightandberattendaatmuses,batalwaysconsistently royaloneitis,too.TheadmirersofmuscularChris addicted to the shrine of Ba-.cUua—was selected as the tianity have made up for its prophet a solid p-rsc of no most proper kicaiity for the ehwir, aad yatterday was leas than ten thousand dollars, lying singly in IMncan,for as Bleeckcr street, through which it passed to crumble up the whole- tie with my hand- tbe tie wa<; takes hence for that citynn<t receive the late-t news. present critical state of public questions, and travelledselectee as the appropriate tim« far its consummation Tne announcement of the important even; was made with dee waigbt aad dignity m tbe ornate style whichShermmu k Co. s hanking bouse. That ornament of the New Vork bar, Mr E Blankmui, is to make the speech and band over the certificate of deposit, more eloquent u, its stern brevity than ail tbe honeyed p -Hods that evernowedfrom themouth ofCicero oriiemoaiaenef.Hroadwsy. From Broadway it entered Canal street to the loot of Spring street. North river, where It arrived st half-past ten o clock, and immediately embarked on the steamboat Island Borne and barge Qe reland,.landing at Ninetyfourth street, Stryker"sBay, ataquartertoabout eight or nine inches wide, and eight or ten feet long, saw one length of the iron torn up, toere was one rotten sleeper.Charles C Unmans, who resides at fiempetead Branch, testifiedthathe wena roalmaster byoccupation;hadLutil to-morrow evening she will reman ojien for exhi- bition to the publicwith him orer a portion of the Stale, conversing with the men who have gathered round him at the several stoppingplaces,hasenabledmetoformadistinctopinionthan he is now, aad the ••Professor soon gets tired of it.pion throws away the gloves, putt on his ooet, and thus gtvet his subjects to know that the royal games are for the day suspended.The exhibition was not c msidered by tb* connoisseurs as a very brilliant aflair. It wast, however,quite respectable in a P R point of view, and everybody had a chance toAricn, C iumbia, l.delia, Frobsiun, or Bloominiidale: turn when tbe enjdsse oaughi She cow; the speed of tbe management, and attributing them to inexperience, we phase? of political opinion. Perhaps no better oppor Frobsinn 01 New York, Uessangaerein of tbe Sscnl Refor- train was not alaceed after the cow was struck; 1 was Sincerely hope, as do all Americans, that the good ship tunity than that I have enjoyed during the last few day?has elevated tbe oanpssltiea ef advertisements to tbe And so we go to the chief music stand, fullywed by all twelve. From this landing place the procession pro- charge of the west end of the Long island Railroad traek,Tlie CI11iatinn Mastacres in Nytin.SYHTATHlZrNO MBETIW I AT THE TRACT SOCiaTTE cf tbe tone of tmblic sentiment bere.highest standard of literary experience, so far as fine words are concerned. Tne affair was denominated a -re- orpuen festival. ' aad it was fondly hope.! that the evatieo would "prove to t i e cfrllixed world that tbe brave champion is not unappreciated by his lair country- weseea and their lords " It w i s further stated more definitely that the 'welcome home wi!! indeed be a biadly greeting to John C Beenaa on bis return from b i s •rmmpaal contest in the Old Corn;" aad that "the object of that fit*, independent of cosfemng a wei: merited oomplimenl to the recipient of itiic ovation, is to aiiow tnat portion o f t n e community* w b o nave never seen a straggle for superiority of science or streugth be- tween opponents an opportunity of witnessing the modtu* iferv —;t incident to pach events, void o the iapkiise.it features tbat too often are at teadant upon a personal enafualer.'" Thus it wil be seen tbat the intentions of the philanthropists who got up tbis aflair were of a quahty superior to that ofthe Christ;aas. wbo arc more rabid than ever about John. When we arrive the crowd pours orer the platform in a solid mass, nearly over- whelming the police. With difllculty and much clubbing, tbe people are kept back, while the band plays Yankee IXKHile, and the orator, with the Champion, lakte up a poe.tion, supported on either Hank by tbe reporters, an1 worried ia the rear by large numbers of email boys,as the last cotes of the national anthem die away (they were from an unpunctual horn, who thought it his duty to play the air out as a solo), the orator began togrew majestic, and looked upon Heenan patronizingly, tbough kiudiy. The latter felt that now he was taken at a Jisao-. aatagf. a n d , casting his eyes modestly towards the big dtuni, seemed to be wishing that it was all over.ceeded to tbe ground, whicb it reached at half-past myself and men repaired the track where tbe accident twelve o'clock. Marching round the ground to the in occurred; I took oat no tie where the engine left iheROOMS. < From what Ihave seen and beard. 1 incline to believe At three o'clock yesterday afternoon a tew gen- thai the old democratic party in Virginia is thoroughlyorder,' "order." More"locust.'' Hush' He'sgoing to processi<n. but a number were left behind, from begin. , au apprt hension that they might be spoiled by rain. TheMr.B„ixKiiiSsaxlhebadbeenselectee,by%committee ,inonsplendid banner—that oftheSchiller Sangerbund, of the frteud- of Mr Heenan to present to him as ttie which cost about $500—was lelt behind for this reasonTbat tbe said' James Lynch came to his death by being crushedbeneath taecanoftbeLong Island Rulroad Company, said cars being thrown trom the track by runThen addressing htmeeif particularly to Mr. Beenan, the speaker continueu as follows—-in the first place, sir. I have to present you with this ring and the accom panying letter. Let this ring remind you of the un- broken circle of friends about you t> day."Tbe ring was then handed to tbe Champion with tne letter, of which the follow u.g is a copy —At the entrance to the park a ticket offke WAS placed, where all who desired to enter bad to pur- chase the necessary '-open. Se#same." On either Side were two sentries pacing to and fro, habitedthat a proposition has been started in this State to unite ai. parties—Breckinridge. Bell and Douzlas—on one com- mon electoral ticket against Lincoln: but ;i finds little tavor. iron, its impracticability, and from Uie tact that itVBW YORK, August 13. I860.TBE nmym EWOVING THEISELVI^. TfceTenth AnniversaryoftheSewYewat! ,! aaa'a IirriewituTMi, AWD VBXOKCT or n t Jen,-The JJ-Tlie Ctswatt Simmer,THE MABMfTTH AT HKB wOOaWGS - Cl'RlOSITr OF THE FlOrL*— H2FLICTI0KE ON MSB r^OalTBCTB— TXMX OFMSBDEPAETTRB—LASTCHANCKFOBVISITERS,ETC. The'Great Eastern steamfhrp has once more returnedto our harbor, sad, as we previously predicted, the interestcf the public has died out ip the attractions sue can sup ply. Wehavearnarsstoodupforthesunsrisrityorthe Great Eastern over ordinary Teasels in several respects. As a transport vessel she has no equal, as a steamboat ofOC the Locg IslandBailrcad,at New Brooklyn, on Friday. i Aagert3,%7wfc**;»Bnreman earned James Lynch was This excellent society, composed of ccr German fellow 1 kHMffend three ottMr perrons severely injured, was c>n-Brawklyn City News.Tan Lara ACODBBW 0* TBB Lorn: ISLAND BAnaOAi>— Cono-examined it from where the cars first dssogaged iron,the track also examined eastward!?, aad found the tiesallIngoodorder,therails..kewise.thetipafiappearedtobe m their m-operplaces. 1tested them by introducingmen. Ir. i860, in consequence of some dispute among a knife and found* them sound; also examined as to tbe country. She has cleared SbenSnaes of dollars sines hertmitreachedfromfivetotix hundrel, between which the track: also eaamined the traek where theen must sty that at toe present moment little or | cumbers it fluctuated, in consequence of the shifting na cine ran cfi; found it in good crier sad looked no interest is exhibited in her. The excursion toSouth ia determined to IK).5enb Careas though It had not been repaired; 1 triad the ties withtore cf the German population in this city, with an ordinary potiti knife, they appeared at first sight to Cape May, and the frightful preintsa male for the constant arrivals from Europe, and almost as be rotten, but on eaamination found that they were sound; comfort of the- passengers on that occasion, were enough the tie which tbe engine ilrst strusk wasa sound one; theengine went over fifteen or twenty ties after becomingdisengaged trom the traek.meat lustily. Now the detour is completed,and he stands tlons. In the year 1837 the Taraverein suf- Henry Bedell testified that he resides in Atlantic street,on the stage, still smiling and bowing m reapoase to thepopular voice, which is raised to a tremendous pitch in fered greatly from loss of members, consequent on and by business a track layer—laying tracks for steamcart: worked en this track fourteen yeirs ago, have a 111 saw on the Reading, Flushing and Barfom roads; w a sthe financial crisis, which caused a large number of the Germans t o remove to the West. T h e society has. h o w ever, recovered the shock it then received, and Is now mb:x honor A bright, cheerful, pleasant looking youngfollow is this game Champion. He lias a clear, honupteye, and bat very little of the bull pup appearancefor which the gentlemen of the P. R. are, ingeaeral, eminently distinguished A s h e standsthen: bowing (and his b o * woull pass musterin Mrs. Ha-atton'a drawing room) one would take himXoranything b u t a prize lighter. W e have seeen many aConrresamaa w h o w a s aot half so well mannered a manasLheChaai^.on^thoughthatishot saying much. Hisphjsjqae fcas often been described. The present writer j letic exerciser may be practised. Attached to the so- out of order as far as I went I have hal charge of se: ed on tbc seas. The. officers of the urtat sawhimonyesterdayforthefirsttime, andhasnever1 ciety is a school for Uie young, in which, in tionsoftracksirpoaotherroads,wheretheengineranal Easternhaveeverconductedthemselvesas seamenand seen,evenintheGreekstttoea,afinermodelofmanyIadditiontotherudimentsof aplain eduaation, tnerateoffortymitesanhour,andfoundthistrackas gentlemen,andtheresult^oftheunfortunatetripto bea;ty,fromtnethroatdowntothewaim. Ihechestis• German,French,English,chemistry,mathematics,draw goodasothersThavehadchargeof,1alsolookedfor,but CapeMayshouldaotbetakenas a circumstance toin-POLITICAL VIEWS, OPINIONS AND SUGGESTIONS.A COjirREHEJJoIFE VIEW OF TEE HELD.Bell anil Everett Address to theNi a vigorous condition, both financially and wiih regard tonumbers. The value of its property is computed atroad on Saturday, ia company with the last witness; ex- amined it where Lbs engine ran oif, and fuuad ail the lies in good condition; furthermore. I found tbe rails J&good condition, and the track on a very good line; tbe surface was very good, indeel; 1examined about 100 or ISO feel eastwardiroawhereUieengjieranon,andfoundnothingmond street, In the stream.! Those wbo wish to see her had better avail themselves of their only opportunity be tween to day and to morrow, la three or four days she leaves for England:, and hereafter many of our people will regret tbat tbey did Inot tread the deck of the greatest maritime structure that ever float-i »33,000, and tbe. number of members at over 600. The jIi society contemplates erecting a new buiHing for the a > cemmodatkmofitsmembers,where gymnast:; andath-employed b y t b s Long Island Railroad Company aboutthree years ago; am now engaged in laying tracks onFifth avenue; examined the track of the Long Island Kail more in New York, and at this moment is lying of! Bamtog, &c , Ac, are taught, while, of C3urse, gymnastics could find no new ties examined tbe ties with my knife; jure their reputation. Thej have, as far as they are conTo tne tury—It ia not usual to try ties with a knife:Yesterday being the tenth anniversary of the society, generally try their soundness by driving in a spike; been;and If close attentionland urbanity can be a re-Oatr White hnlphnr Mprtngrs desaec.since its complete ortftnization, tbe usual festivities were it is accessary far the ties to lay level upon tbe commendation to any one, then tbe otticers ofgjhe Greattlfy U ie employment off such a n immense v e s nrthedelectationofsuchoftheliegesasmightOnahotdaythissortofthingisnotthemostdelightfulsocietiesassembledatTurnBall,inOrchardstreet,aadfeetfromthecowwhenthewhistlewasblown,itwassolinthecarryingkradc. Itis,therefore,UieNorth, dc.Ihave taken a slow Journey through Virginia to this favorite Southern watering place, with the express pur- pose of observing Use tone of Southern feeling in political matt< rs. and now send yon the mature deductions at which I have arrived, after conversing with goiilhaasn from all sections of the Southern country aad of allsee ct to ctisbiree twenty-aria cents carrent coinoi the republic It is auderstooJ that the Boy has no After a spirited dash with Aaron Jones, aad a couple of lea? man tec thousand reasons each worth a dollar in knoek down blows for Curiek and UcOonald,the Chamoperationfor a fleshy person who has been younger oncesoon after formed .11the following OBDKR OF FRor-BBSlOVCommittee of Arrangements.Music Corps of the Sangerbund.New York Sangerbund (United Glee Clubs). Hessoristic Societies—Thrakelia and Uambrlna. Band.GleeClubs.blown only once; the cow was not on the track when I plain that tho-e wbo jdo not now visit herfirst saw ber; she was some two or three feet from the will not hereafter have aiiy opportunity of seeing ber, track, and in the sat of crossing when tbe engine caught excepi tbey cross the ocean! to do so. We may mentionher and carried her about 100 feel before going off tbe that Uie Great Eastern will be open for exhibition for two track; 1wasstandsag at a distance of about a hundred days longer1and certainly there is scarcely a perron who feet at the time I first saw the engine: it was not more has not yet vantsd ber th.u eughi not to take thu lastthan one minute before the engine had otught the cow opportunity of doing so. We wish the good ship well, as afterIbeardthewhistle:thetrainbad1•1stcomeoutoftbe we always did. Forgetting all the <oiurttempt ofthemers, idedertafel of S. K., Sangerbund, invited guestt, standing on the south side of tbe traek at the time: ammay oc;e more find a sale haven 111the land whence she could be found for gathering a truthful impression of the sailed.spiriting strains of tbe Turner Band, consisting of twenty- four pieces, led by F. Young, the several societies were dismissed to the diu«rent places allotted to thorn to pass tbe day in spontaneous amutementB.All along the fine of march the procession elicited con-siderable admiration and applause, from the beauty oftheir decorations and the quaintneas of the costume ofsome cf the societies. The pupils of the Turners'school In particular attracted great attention The pre-vailing uniform was white trowaers and frock, with a track. tbe tie is about six inches thick. in going over thea tU iedivided, and that In the eastern portion of Uie State Breckinridge reset ves Uie support of a majority of tbe old democrats, whde the greater number of those west oi Uie mountains lean to Douglas. Both sections of Uie partyblack hat. Some of their otticers wore dadiing plumis inroad 1 ftnd the setkes drawn sometimes one quarter 10 haiT ai. inchTheconcludedtheevidence andthejuryrendered;the following verdi't —reaved widows aad orphani of this ancient seat of Chris- The nrst at Charlottesville, and the second at Staunton, tian truth. At a quarter to three there was nobody but and an effort will be made in each to effect a reuniontheir ed.hate, a n d were otherwise handsomely surmount About twenty-five banners wer<>borne hathereporterspresent.three, the hourJ. C. HXE-VA>. Esv,' —I>iut ai*.—I take this opportunity, beuif. appropriate to in the prevailing white uniform, black felt, and course of life he was rejected, A third party, named Ja aid of the poor survivors >f his murdered Christiun hreth disposed Orst to perform, wbicb is. a rebuke of eectionmjthe occasion of yc ur reception of the tettimoniais of your a' black belt, with rhouldered musket, on which wa» fixed a formidable looking sword baywet. Kutenu,,rer. in the East. This was n noble example, wh.ch ha had ism withm itself. no doubt would be extensively followed.After similar remarks by "oiher gentlemen, Rev. Dr. I.' 1may take the state 0: opinion bere as a rer*ex oiBBTHTMKbneny addressed the chair on the suiject. Be that of the South generally—which ! believe 1may do,said that America should take sow • fitting place from the promiscuous character of Uie gentlemen bere among Uie Christian nations of the earth Bereon a solid gold nog, that coveted English Champion Belt,wbicb. if strict justice had beeu rendered by the umpire,would now be m your possession. In teaderint: you this••prise rag. emblematical of your profession, aiiow m*'t.i otler yoc. my congratulations tbat your honorable andgentlemanly coDdbct wiitle representing your professionahroaa wou tbe esteem and good will otail with whom the very adventurous pursuit of riding round a circular von came in contact. Respectfully yours, "drive" upon hobby horses and carriages, whxh theyto the venders or the festive lager and the sumptuous i exhibiting various other feats of strength. Whilesandwich. SomeofMrHeenan'sadmirersgotpretlrIthese rough pastime! wore going on,something thoroughly wetted on She way home: but that must be of a more plaasant nature v.as transpiring at a little disskiandMitchellPomp,inwhichthelatterroceiveaa cumber of terrible gashes with a razor. Policeman Do ran, of ihe Sixth precinct, bearing the cries of the wound- ed man, hastened to the spot and arrested E i .ask.ingadjourned.Arrival* na(inu«t Df-pnrtnres AiBrV AL". « ,is10rebukeeventhesuspicionofdisunwtuamnow,aadoi asupposedconcertedplantobrtegaboutastateofaffaire which will make secest.oa necessary ancf popular.The conviction which I have drawn from these conie- rencesisthattheneartofthepeopleintneSoothis with Uie In ion an.' that they Will rebuke tbc1> eipreaaed, aad relieved the moaatooy of tae occa>. iuwuhhereaadthereanoccasionalknockdown. Aecu.iw regardedaaaspecialdispensation of Oiviae Providence i tanceoff,amongtbeladsandlasses. Itwasneithermorehet«eeu a person ia autbonty aad a member of t a e Ua infavorofmostofthem a dirtier orui>reunsavory ! norlessthanakissingmatch;aad thiswas thewayit„.occurred directly under the u>*.- o. the llat4ti< re,>.>rter. crowd, as a rule, has rarely delighted our eves or eu-who, being a man of paex< W4» Uiu to re-n ».v hiiuieii Iraneea our oliactonesand hit note-book tv lee.-- U u o t w q>iarters. i>ue m i s tbe Chasapton, with his suite, go next to Phiiadelpbu.Cular Thnstiau bad euacot.ceo «im*«u' w i U t i s t M rottan where there will be another ovation, aad a still furtherWbertiroxibe wa« summern>. rewored by that di*ttu accessice to the ranks of the Muscular Christian. Allah11 overtook the fair fugitive, he waajeatuled to a kiss by. ^M^"am?SB fcJSr itfrrraVand'-all"•'«*•*•w,rtel. CM WhueiBOd sfn, Mniguiahed peace maker, Jaaies Htaii-^, Y.*>\ , the ring keep Altah or el the day. When waruei m! the premise? the mtru m.iaa: d e r r e b e l l e d , a n d e x p r e s s i * ] e V t t r e h> «> e x p e l i » l b y•wee, wbereupoii he wa* p.tcnpi heal foretrxiat m'.i tu«w^wd, wherein be was * a A'to* t* as summer it v a* the R• i •sa,«•vercu Pharaoh's best, leairtag no traou of themtoesandLong live the Prophet and the Muselemta' ItisH r«. Marftnret l l a g a n TO THE KOTTOIt OF TOI HkKAI.t>.way of forfeit. It is hardly Mcessary to say that very f e w o f t h e F r a u l e i a s e s c a p e . : i n o s c u l a t e x l , o r i n t e n d e d t o .u y lady, T t .ret', t a d t.ota. ....M,A ,' H '-HlWmi^iUL! [Ally M .;, »••^--- *^'l C OiB^J".IXU BaaaowAV, K. Y., August IS BSo5 beg to kcinowledge, with many thanks ou behalf ofjkoBemasuhWn* Moreacd. M *t Meters, J A Bamlhou. T IU manifest advantares to both sect -one, and each should £Margaretllaganandfamily,from AfriendtotheunfortuaateMrs. Van HoseaJ. V.CTotalYours, truly obliged,Obitusu-y.Weregret,saystbeNewOrleansPi-ayuae oftheSth maicre<iitwasallowedtogotoprotestaadhasSUKJ-re-lT.ueV!m.Biii-iey,>!»»AX-'-jte-t,E*oh/.B atranas,JCorne S F« -l* .'Misses ' ifil 'TTsTlor. f Hsr-!.w,«I B H .m a,KWHarm-aa•UdJ.Jw iB-.ctbnSae.LII(Jiorer,JUxtgfcrtdne. F Pohee, Mrs W Nrkicq, HIM E E Sassa, Mr- A lulliuid^'«Bier. «i*s wariBgiJ W Moatrcuiery, B ) Ijemou.jObad-,hwi-*ctwoci-idren.UtUWane,tan-y«o<iB'use. > Jf Farxar, W G ban*.^ Km A K sLma.. K -.- V .»Aioock, B \ aieciine, A B Sdmmereei. J J Ryan, H M Ru*a. KL Dan-VL Mil.eriand aou. Il S Bai:. J Ursv Taos Hatpin. V. HSeabirak W I* Whtev. A. R, Brand W O Ohanfler, P. !' its a :ty to the seitiment of <man act fraienr'y beforeLociiaar,. U brant n anfe J atxreo.- J and M Mrera, P it takes trpor tt*elf that «r?e'f d^fr-cre (87 i4or*tinj th f Ulebawlj F. Iseri, ,1 ,1 jjiav. A n Limoa. M Feiaaxi, H ASrsjkr !>• PATSRSON. X. J—About two tut ire laud contracts, for the Aberdeen extension of the New Orleans*«^ag tbe equipage with a ^ coeer. It is not the fifty men says fhc Patersms RtgMf of the 11th. ins.t, and Jackson Railroad, that he came to this city a fow Auxcn- Giuxn luKcrxr —Carietor Mmdelliia.! wascob Chatham, thea paid his addresses to Mar}, and after a brief interval he was received a£ an accepted suitor. Nichols, as a natural consequence, became extremely iealous, and watching every opportunity, tried to annoyone spot swings were erected, in which gallant youa. the lovers. On the oth ins;. Mary and Jaoob went out on Teutons and their chosen Frauiems were eugagt d in the theSoundinasmall toat,forthepurposeofhavingathe grounds, the eye was bewildered where to turn,sowidespread and general was the scene or festivity Ia rexhilarating exercise proper to that contrivance. In moonlight sail. Nichols, hearing of It, prociWed a skiff was France lea.iing UHin intervention in Syria, and there assembled—1 can say that public opinion there maot onlyand started in pursuit of the coupie, but was never seen can be no doubt that Kngland, with he- general watchful- hopelessly divided, but tbat there is a reactionary sentalive afterwards. Mary and Jacob declared they ness, would be soon exercising her power. Ia tact, thia mem which bodes no good to Southern are-eaters massacre in Syria would, beyond doubt, get rnUeuup hi ,JOaXO.BFA'TON.seemedtoenjoyhugely,tojudsebytheshoutsandlaugbbadnotseenthemissingman,andtoldsuchaEuropeanpoliticsBeDr.B.)hidfellsorry,onhear-Mr-Breckinridgetaborsunderthestigmaofato'lie! Merecheering toibwed this ann»unccment, waen Mr. ter that greeted the ear continually. Under some noble plain, straightforward story that it was prel ing the different accounts from Syria,*that among the tbat his partisans mean secession whatever tbeymayanother place a merry group were amusing themselves inBrieve pine, wbicb w as with Spartan severity left uu Biankman continued—And i have also to present to . forest trees a stage had been erected, whereon the Schil- ty generally concluded tnat Nichols bad fallen over flags of tbe Christian natlbns of the earth gathered to-of your frienus and almirers, and amounting altogther to while on the green swaxd, youth and maidens tripiod Jacob, but there really existed no foundation for the sur- we may by prayer, and this interference may be as avail-pion'sasetto,-'MaytheBestManWin."Infrontofthe thesumoftenthousandandthirtyodddollars.(Kume-,Ittotheswellingmusicoftheband,and mise.Soonthebodyofthemissingmantamedop,but ableasthinofmorewarlikenations.Bethoughtthat lionanioagtheiargemajorityofpeopleheretorrmdetni amphitheatre a stag* twenty are feet square had bean roue cheers.) And anally, sir, in behalf of the commit children of both sexes, with gladsome voices, indulged in decomposition had been so far advanced that it was im- there should be a stronger) sympathy between Canst ianspersonssmor whomthegoodliquorwasdistributedwasimmense, too, certainly not fewer flaa tea theasani, otwhom it is said tbat from four to five tbousau; figured inthe profession alone. It Isalmost a work ot superero.-atiDr.visibly attecud. He irno orator aaBlnnknsan is, so he to say that anuag such a forge number of Germans not a will no doubt result in tbe complete exoneration of bothcatholicandapostolicChurchofwhichwesooftenspeakWhat would he Christianity if Christians would not rallyto the succor of and to rais*. the spirit of the fallin. whenthe members of Christ's bpdy lie bleeding'- The name ofChrist Is dear enough to cover a multitude of sins, and weneed net stop to inquire what kino of Cnristiaae the*.are. Be Was ashamed that, although s o many fiubusterchad beeu sent from tbis country, there were none to be moc self defence. found where they were really needeu.lag, much excitement intaecrowd,grandnourishof clubs by tne police, aad a weak solution of "Yankee Doodle? by the band.)t.*..«tlugruptureofthedemocracyashavingbeanorongni •bent purposely. for Uie object of loading to a political ctsos in the South, which might secure Uie election of a black republican President, and thus force even ibeirate and cooasrvattoe men to a union with them ss a <Tbe Champion, who ,s a modest man .u bis way, wast imply said — single case of intoxication was to be seen.Mary and JacobHXAVT Baxx RosBrav.—A bold and successful plan toMr Blankraaa au tfriends, Ireturn you my best thaaks, At two o'clock an excelleat lunch was served in theand 1shall always endeavour to awnt your tavor. (More i committee room, and was partaken of by a number ofcheers, more 'locust, and a waltz by the band.) members of the different societies. After the craring- rob the Greenwich Savings Bank was put into operationThu cause is operating even in Virginst to the vantage of Breckinridge. and in connection with It I may mention a notable remark made to me by Gov. Letcher Speaking of the probabk contingency of Lincoln s else tiou and a secession in some of Uie Southern States—Ootfc of which events he feelingly depiored. as tbey might lead to a conflict between the federal and sense ef the State authorities—he said with emphasn. " but while I live.ac federal troops timli asarch across Virginia sfamst a Southern State in arms sbr tae defence of its eovereigt rights and its equality in the Caion."ceive*; bat little attention, the muscular Chrattiaas pre Cries of MeOonald j.revailing over tae din, that uatty ' of hunger had been appeased, Mr tarasar MZRKSCH. B. yesterday morning About eleven o'clock A. M , as the A good deal of dis>. ussion ml owed as to whether theferrseg the music of tb- aaawiey- to that of the trom-bones, corsets or big drum? Tbey disported themselvesia various ways, LOWcasting aieetong glances a t tbe verystrong police force, members *f which pervaded everyportion o f the grounds a n d crash**' out numerous Ogatawbicb began spseudwiy, but, e * tag to t h e uucaHe-f-forinterference of the alee coau, ended ignomini a»iy, aminew kmngtng about the door of lbs public bouse and as-suring the gaily dressed fern*;* who alighted thereat,sad seesaed in nowise abashed b> the free criti-c s a i o f the crowds upoa tae,r peiaauat a|H>earaacc. ABaguhw crowd H w a s : the people peured tu ** over to htm and I'll get another.' when, In answer to some remarks from Mr. Joeckel, am.'*,, and at two o'block sot teas than twenty ttousuid Then Biankman was delivered ol aootaer oration toCu- which were interpreted by Mr. Kauftman, Mr. Kennedy, Bfieo, women sad oh..ire:. a*l passed w>thu. ike sick, wbo waxed eloquent, ana declared that if he ever in a humorous speech, bore testimony to the orderly be- fatca. That crowd mcloded people oT all coaditious mporter was leaving the institution with a roll of So.OOOin bilis, to be deposited in one of the down town banks.he was accosted by a stranger, he says, who snatchedthe package o u t o f h is band and escaped. Tbe porterstates thai be endeavored to follow and arrest the thief.but the latter proved too swift of foot for him and wasgoon lost to sight. Be describes the robber as a man of veryrespectable appearance and says he had not the slightestidea of the fellow's intentions until the money halchanged hands ana the thief was fast disappearing fromhis view. The ponce of the Ninth precinct, as well as of the American goverasaeat was aeededAfter a good deal o f discussion, having n o m i n u t e r e suit, a committee, consisting of Ors. Prune, fiowe, Bali, Bethunc and Mr. Robt Gfitmoee, was appointed tvnomi Bate a Committee of Arrangementslittle man came forward when Mr. Btankmu. waoaeeraed ; member of the Committee of Arrangements, expressed bit to be quite wound up m his oratorical wort, fired oi a ' thanks to the Sangerbund lor the large participation 0'.'Christians of Damascus Srere Christians or aot. Some gentlemen were tor aiding them under all eirenmstauce?little speech at him (McDonald), and gave him a ring McDoua«i, no more Ciceronian than his friend the Boy, IIts members in the day'- proceeding*.Mr. STKFVBK, Pre-ideiit of the New York Saagerbund, inothers did net wish to were far stretching oat who bear the name ef ' they should assistap with the question. Some e hand of sympathy to thcee and others Snoug&t that edans as quickly as Christians.thanked "all the gentlemen present" lor the riag that hadbeen presented to h-.m and made his bow Thereuponthere was a famt cry for Cusick.whea Beenan askedftiankman if there was u ring for the illustrious James, j bund.tilankman had quite exhausted his supply of cadeaux. and Superintendent Kennedy, Inspector Leonard, and Capt. the Ctanirnoa removed his own ring, saying "give that , Lux, of Company F , Eleventh regiment, here entered,Some of the gentlemenof-war celled oiion enough at Eastern ports it woukl have tbe eiiect of cbeckJiug seek frightful outbreaks while others were of opinion that the direct interventionagain crossed tbe Atlantic, upon say occasion, that he <havior of the German citizens on all occasions.Khoull do his best to sustain the national reputation. , Later in the day the Turners proceeded to amuse themthe detectives, were promptly informed of the circum- stances attending the robbery, but up to last evening no clue had been obtained to the wkereabioufo of the fugi- tive.A Virginian wbo heard the remark, and who had beau very moderate in tbe views he had sips eased, afterward said tome,' Letcher may not be so strong as some of oar iea-iere. but h e diners from Governor Wise m thn. that yoc may always count anon his acting op to what hereturning thanks, hoped that the same trieadly leeliag which had brought them together to lay woxdi always animate the members of the Tut urerein and the Sanger-ofe, but the roughs or " go vers..a. classes' were lar^^ylathe majority. They brw-.'Au a i..rely study of U«Mfar the pb.vtioguoeaist—Uc?? where .a vice an 1 ariuw, andrun anldlataae aud misery- bad left their traces aa putmiysa the aavigatcr mark* ao«^th> roctts upoa his umrt:mess that saii very ptaisiy tMk oat for your jpoctet. pushing, tu the extreme. The last salvo of cheer* was j bar and oa the parsiiei ears, the long leap, the highbook,flacosthattadicaiedmanyabardiu**teatward givenfortheindomitableaadubiquitousKtxon,wholed jump.AX.Someofthesefeatswerereallysurpismg,asmeetings and prissary aieetiuas; laces all gteaattu; «,u> his sua of •'<; •yrmt iv.y with the aash of ilurat, the coar- pecialty those of the single bar. which brought out the was stabbed in the right shoulder, and so severely Wm. C. Alexander, S. Irshoua Prime. D. D.; F.-ed. K From this suspicioc which attends some of tbe leading exutemeatandailbathedIMper*i>rat^u,preuhtucodby apeofKeyandthevigoroftheLittleCorpora!him?el' musclesofthearminamanneralmostpainfultobehold,wbish patriotic sentiment provoked another outburst o: | selves and the spectators with a series of gymnastic and cbeering, dnricg which the Cnampion and others ot the athletic exercises, which they executed in a highly performers left tbe platform, followed by a crowd of wor- ,' creditable manner. They consisted of vaulting in a va- shippers, whose devotion was touching, we might say riety of ways on the wooden horse, exercises on the singleOn returning, the commute* reported that UiefaUoe SiaBBOfc- A m u r * ox SOTMV NIGHT — A disturbance tag gentlemen had been selected.—was managed —A number of young persons of both sexesformed a ring, when two or three gtrls would enter It Pomp uaa subsequently carried to the New York Hospi-A . SET* I HTT»•i-«l_'U Has-. •' KiB-'s: Sti»» J iand touch any young man, and suddenly dart away to the other side of the enclosure. Tbe young mar. thus challenged would follow at his swiftest pace, aad if hetal, where, upon examination, it was to.in-' that the tern poral artery had been severed. KalinsKi was hell for trial ou charge of felonious assault.J W Burch, 1' F *>=»«?. w.lBo.,fff: .1 Hurt.: ialady. BIT Boyd. J~H bunl*i>.JB'« v ;,ea».-d two cuB-*> idea of -i.sutt.da there, aad trust to tae eno-At a late hour of the afternoon the ?reat hulk of the peo I Justice Welsh oa charge of false pretences, preferred pie returned home in a pelting shower of rim. The entire I against him by William B Rhodes £ Co., of Providence,«>»• Otk Kea ' tl*ree ctuMria ay '• mirse, J HSprartieC K !»»•- defeat there a similar tendency ou^he part of the revotu- n'iadr. nr» .^*•***. Mr*'-A ikicae aa daua«riei-. M'aee* Siproceedings dosed with a ball.I P..1. Tae piisejagr, tt.is alleged, purchased *.jil worth of jewelry from'the complainant on credit. When the notewhichhehadgivenmexchangefortheproperty7-j r 0>r. Mi. !Ri.iiarA-<iLaii4 *-"»:^- J^» * S Uii*», M»* tionary blac* lepablicaas- Toetn ion aaappreciated for•*> uaiy Mciuaald. bus tr4iB*r aa>i (he iUustnouif employed .n the holier department of the Boger> Licoaao- Mays since. Be was not well when he arrived. The dis brought before Jistice kelly. at the I/>wer Police Cue:. I. Barrlah. J Fusing. J LcroyTc \T B.ctw.i, JKe'lv, S RieharU, court'' ,t eaves a sacre.' -•••.;. is the hands 0.' tbe North**••** they are hi ugbthv|' coatuaK' and straightease ct which he died was cboiera, morbus. Chamellor on charge of stealing a nuaniitv of eoachinery suitable ior P Kirch! eki S S£-"4*iex,l I Phou-ik, £. T VTita. „ J Corstei ern ofieerrat'v^ an i fir. •'. loving meol thtw (raving 'ti=CockecommencedthepracticeofUielawnewlyrorty!aneepiaBUUionJajaiucdat*250,fromAioertilWrigh: A? •*• Aaticaaely tpmrriag ; i:ae two caaarv b"»lt wwrks relative to axtotlier man who had beeu era;>!oye..i year* ago, in Masissippi, and arrived at a higb eminence r.f.\v 1 Barolay fgreet. Held for examination.*•*brutheroflieesu,whdsurveysthebJSMieas there,andufaoeiMr.Brownwantedtoh*nvdischarged. inOKIprofessionearly,andwac-rewardedoybisfollow 2 * "** *,r ,3f * ooanojseear, sUgesu t» Cosick tb-s»n>- Owing to this dispute Mr Brown left yesterday; and this citizens Willi public tuitions of honor and trust y**err«fBg'i«andhitueghadaer. Aretort,notoour- morningwhenthemenunderhisemployleanedthefact TheWarDepartmenthasreceived otliciai informationCoxanrnov—fosveakincefastabbingaflraywhie'eccurred in Twtpflt' street on Friday nigOt. we- etakJtl h'Av^aji,, BewTbiu'.as|>wfs««—M taieobeehea, E '-.h- the compact fror.' wh-rh the get:»rai a.ir4nU?»- •lT-ve.1thatJamesPoxwn^.Eiabbe<i by Edwardclary In-re *:.»,,v,i.t^neitL..1 * • • frum Mclkmak!. and tb«n ae»th«r S«gjr*«- tbey imrs«diately strm-k and refusal t»> p' tr- work until of tbe death of Lieut, "ILAS (3. B*SCErf,of toes xth infant verse was the fan Clary was ibe injured man. wh-.e Ml', .II.I—ilr^f Biina Brallent.. - V B.<inrj»let the NorUie«n men uuit"tr> putdewr.thesertiooai i.lea a' borne, v> the soitti * letmr 'ned to <|o, and tbem>m an acoammodntag cietstNui in the crowd, whothel/ oM beet> was reinstatedry.at Fort Yussa.Pcx was the assaBant.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mivajuwp—?(*>• lieery tjr^t^o— Veiar^ !."<re i c I flo^fer.authorities deem It proper to give the matter a thorough investigation,andMaryandJacobaretobeexaminedbe- foretheCoroner'sjury. MaryisnowinNewYorkona visit, but a constable from Rye is in town looking for her. The investigation, which has been set deemfor l >-.Uy,sentative of the Christian {peoples of the earth we should , are evideaUy with the Union, and they look upon the useour cflorts to carry lout Uieprinciples ofthet •occurred in Beery street, near Market, on Sunday night, Pelauah Peril, Luthert Braaish, tie*. E Bethuae. !• between Rijhard Boibrook and William J. Colt, which D. 1 William A. Booth, Iraacis Ball, Rtchnrd S. Starrs, nAs our readers are aware, Uie Great Eastern is oncetrack: could tell where it first left the track. I put onenew tie under the sail tbat was torn up: examine t theties where tbe case first went off, and found tbem ailsound and good; the rail torn off was bent, and for thatreason I put hi the new tie the one that lay aside of thenew tie I tested wMh my adze; if the rail bad not beenbent I should have put no new tie in, as 1 considered tbeold one good enough If the ties bad been rotten, the en displayed there was liUleo|noeympAthy felt with the be- are to meet in State Conventions on the loth instant. giae wheels would have cut through when going off theUie representatives of the church and laity, who present opposition has become quite confident of carrying the Champion of tbe United States, and he might say ot the , Not a little trouble and difficulty were experienced by uitg over a cow, and we hereby recommend the city au ed themselves, we noticed the Rev. Dr. Baird. Rev. E. D. State, and they are now courting the Douglas men If thew o r l d — , i c h e c k s ) — a t o k e n o i t h e a d m i r a t i o n o f h i s f e l l o w per t JUL w i s h i n g t o v w i t 5-lim P a r k , t o h a v e a s i g h t c f t h e citizens for his courage and spirit in crossing tbe Atlantic j festivities. Every car on the Th4rd avenue line was to combat for the Champion s Bell. (More cheers.) A l crowded to excess, partlsularly on the return us the evun- ihougn he dul not brag back that partmuor belt, still it j ing, and great was the crash iind jam. and deplorable the could not be denied that he leu a good deal of belting i destruction of female apparel, and consequent loss of behind him. (A joke, cheers and laughter: cries of j temper. The Manhnuaiivillo stages, too, did a sue, b-iti h o n t i e s t o r i g i i l y e n f o r c e t h e o r d i n a n c e a g a i n s t c a t t l e running at iarge ia our city, and also recommend the Long Island Railroad Company to reduce the rate of speed within the city limits, and to keep their track in good running order.G. Prime, Rev. Dr. Stevenson^ Rev. Dr. Garleck. Mr lusion movement should fail in the Conventions, UieSmith. Turkish Consul atjN>f York: Robert Gracies Douglas democrats may combine with the Bell and Everett Ecu,.-. William Booth, Esq., late from *>yTla besilcs seve- men, and in that case the umou will carry Use State. I: ral others whose names coal -. not be learned.At the opening of the meeting- there were not they do not unite with the opposition the same result willthirty persons present, 1 but there was maniiested folicw from the division of the democracy, and even if atthisperiodawarmertes'ingof interestamisympathy Uietv.0wmgsofUieoli democracydofise at tbeCon-with the suflering Syrian Christians, now bewailing Uieloss of their husbands and iansi ventions, it is not at all certain they can carry tbe State,At the conclusion of prayjsr by the Rev. Geo. W. Wood, froL. causes common to the whole .-South, wheh 1shall of the American Board, the Chairman called upon now refer toDr. &4i«Bto state the object o" the meeting. Be saidthat the meeting had beeq called for the purpose ot de Before passing lo consider these, 1w(li here remarkPEiTr FKOMSe.ttre.—Cororer Borton hold an Inquest the English further, we were toki that the question of ••Bravt" and--One for his nob.') Nevertheless. althoucb , ecsrcely a legitimate business, so much were they over yesterday upon the body of a child fifteen months of age.money was to come is tne most delicate manner, thus — the belt was noi awarded t o Mr. Heenan, the verdict o f , crowded. T h e Jehus on thia road refused nothing—ill •• During the observances, tbe various collections and every one of hi? countrymen, and indeed of all honorable was fish that came to their net, and it is a wonder that aad fair minded men everywhere, is. that he was really some serious accident did not occur, Instances are known contributions made for Mr. Beenan will be consolidated* the victor m the great battle oi the 17th of April. (Loud { where as many as twecty-two persons were crammed cheers and cries ot "That e so, ana easy enough.'') j into one crazy vehicle, while some halfdoxen or more rode on the roof The dust on the road, in the pre- vailing high wind, resembled ou a small scale the moving sands 0! the desert, and played some curious pranks, more diverting to the lookers on than to the unfortunate victims of these ceolean ecctntricities.named Mena Mobee, who died oi injuries sustained some- days since by drawing a pot of hot coffee orer herself. Iu parents reside at No. 5e Atlantic street.Polite Intelligence.SvsncTOX or Fotl PIXT—A SiXtinAS CA.-£.—Some days ago the body of Archibald Nichols, of Bye, Westchester county, was found floating in the Sound under such cir- cumstances as to lead the friends aad relatives to think that deceased had beeu the victim of some foul play. T h e deceased, it appeased, was a suitor for the hand of Mkry Givec, a domestic, bet in consequence of his mtomperatctlemenNassau street, tq devise measures for aiding in the early re lief of Uie unfortunate victims of the ruthless barbarity of the Islamitic rufilaus of Syria. To judge by the enthusiasmfinally resulted ia deadly weapons being drawn. Coit D.; Wm M.-Evarte. Fame? Bow* Joseph P. Thomson. D. rays." D.;Ja*.W.Beekman,JohnE.Williams.StewartBrown.assembledTract Society's rooms, No. 150on some common ground; but U ie success o f this move- mentisquitedoubtful.Since the results of the elections in fcorth Carolina. Aftersometimeafewgentlemendroppedin,andamong Kentucky and Missouri have become known, tbecorpso fA ta large fixedfartheproceedings,(thereporterswerestillsharp ecmg their pencils, but no sympathizers were to be seen.lUfhl that if American shipswoundedthatitwasdeemednecessarytocalluponOr Wingtcn.GirardBatteck,Sxml.PoUgate.RobertBaird,V. partisansofBreckmridge,sadwhichImeadtoexistwitnHilton for medical assistance Holbrook was arrestee! byI), sjlnatei Drew, J. R. Snkidau, Arch Russell, John Cot- gentlemen from many other States than Virginia, it is evi- ton 8m|th, Gardiner Spring, Lin!. Orr, Biram Ketohnm.the Seventh precinct police and looked np for examina-uer of Franklin and Baxter streets, between John Kalm ockock oa Thursday evenjng next,after which the meet- ha favor, aud that Uie prevailing drsroosilioti 01 Uie SouthUntitled DocumentB was resolved thai the committee should sseet at lour dent taat he cannot unite the vote of the Southern states iuWo.vi PAY l : —A jeweller, named Abraham Weinberg " ' f H :*wauwciTana. -I.fi Hart. Chftes Unfc eervst'.?m. the gooo sense, and tbe vast commercial andr e s i d i n g a t N o . ' 2 1 C h r y s t i e s t r e e t , w a s b r o u g h t b e f o r ei 2 ? B * r e W l d - . T i ! H B B * l a p . : M y M M M D H o g . - M r - m a n n f a c t i r i n g a t e r e s t s I n t h e i o r t h t o r e b u k e s a d Kmsnv A ^ i k w •<H rorlaer.iMr* W G < baaeUer. child andNation,gates, led by Mr. Yancey, and Ifindeverywhere a dispos.Tbis is* tat the South i.» Cete-m-aed to >Jo before it as?trr.fs a hostile sUit-cle to in* North j It wil! thus do www.fultonhistory.com 