 iin som. ^eaon^oBe ah. M . k r t. t u n * . Uvar was in mukrato re«nejt an* , * « . „ n u a ^ en'< jjted. LVeu here, b our owa biv#'\6NEW TURK HERALD, WEDNESDAY SEPlSMBER 26, lB60.-TftJPLE SHEEf.,igt-*\ Th* »e<-*»->te of wheat were Urge, while sales we are daily exposed to the occurrence of simi- and to the surplus population which bis emi- whol.y ittt and Inne>«i»a>«t **, s W l h e r 8 **" Ot what use is ft to w^rn mch sam against fNEW YORK HERALD. • ISRI1T,•«•• e heis SAW for future delivery were heavy, and the lar calamities, from the absence of the safe grated fiom the East These new settlers could be no need of popular revolutions, except tbe fruits of their conduct' C. »hat use at it market el-wed Je per bushel hither. Cora, eat of guards and precautions which the companies not go to the South in any event, slavery or 00 at the ba«lot box; and *«* fftCl m *J l m * to repeat tbe evidences abeady iaii before•»•*'•pm "St•* St•*•*• •»«•TttarAMlLT UBM41/> «nmatter of life preservers, there is either no suf- firmly rooted to die outficient stock of them, or the few that are to be So we find that there is a good deal of non-found are in such a condition as to be next to sense in this last harangue of Mr.Sew»rd's, and useless. that he has employed all the graces of rhetorica splendid a nntry!''The Picsemt Cri.U— Wall Street and the CfemtBucrclal World.^dTcufARrTommtsroirDturcM,r MM. « M M frmmamg f—rtor V «*#world; V «K M *.** *'t«r«*I|r fMttf/or. SST"** FoBBW ( l H I T u » i'AVTHWLAai.T I M I M I H W> *BAI. 4U URTmMtt^twni if^p<HM<i MMMHMMMMMI•I mThe pair, which the Stock Exchange of NewIt to time that some effort should be made to to trick out a few illogical propositions and Yotk playR in the great commercial and politi- Wall street theory of the present speculation is'mmtmripHimfmremtU pergi<-ea ta another place. Oufee waa quiet but Brat. 4 cars* i.r two of Rio hare arrive4 at tale pert, but have BOS j e t area placed oa the market. Freirhta to English poita were Arm, with free eafageateatr. Wheat, In balk and b*tt, waa taken at 12>fd. a 13i. for the former, tad 13J per bushel, with other artioke at full reus.The tontMt •a BTaw Kngland-Her Old DcaaweaaUe Hattes and Organ* In tmev*>», ,Three months after the dissolution of the de protect the travelling public against the dan* pseudo-pbilanthiopic conclusions. His real cal crises of our country Is a curious illustra-the recovery of business throughout the coun-^ j r clams of values are, therefore, of them- selves ^ ' " W /««'< proof of tbe special mani- pulation St" t*«e classes of values to serve a special and temporary purpose? Wore tbeAMFfOMBJmi THIS SV«m»i»laufiCT or HURic, rourtacnlfc street—F»MCHOPI tion with the defeat of Lincoln in November.once more tbe Incalculable fertility of human of opinion as to the measures that should be bands of Mr. Seward and his friends, all of its accompany these reports with comments which •oily.Bl-KO«EltT LB Dli»LB.|CIBU>'S OARDBM, Bmadw-iy.—HAXLM.WIHTEB wAJtDBJt. druartwaj, ^, (yDtMiaaab-Uiaa aaaaaAaoa.New Ytrk, as ia 1814 and 1848, is the battle ground, although we have strong hopes that Pennsylvania will anticipate the Empire State in a decisive blow to the republican army inadopted to render steamboat travelling less power, legislative executive and judicial. is to imply the ferious importance to all the interests How much reflection to needed to Illustrate hazardous than at present, but on two be devoted to the exfioction of slavery wher- represented at the Brokers' Board, and to the this truth ? Take a term of six months at tbe conditions all will be agreed. Passenger ever it exists. The agitation is not to cease country at large, of these transactions. It fol- New York Exchange. At tbe beginning of tins vessels should invariably be built with water with the election of Mr. Lincoln. The soldiers lows, naturally enough, that the great mass of term yon find New York deciding that a rail-BOWVRT THBATBB. Bowery.—Taa Bnmaa HAXD- ber Pennsylvania October election, and thusIUDT O* T8B U»KIWaiXACM vSmATaB, Bnsewsy -Taa Bora-jar-Da A Wiaowl a iova VSCLM- BAAIUM'W ABKKiOAN ST/SBim. droauway.—Day andBream*-—Joeara anm Hu Ba-rrnaaa- Livine CCKIOSIturn the tide of victory, as in 1856.Meantime our attention has been called totight compartments, and there should be such a uniform arrangement of lights and fog signals on board of them as would render a collision ia the darkest night next to impossible. II ul the Lady Elgin been thus provided, we should, in all probability, have been spared the harrow- ing details which have inflicted so much pain upon the public mind.Br. Seward tm Minnesota—An EpUtlo from St. PaulIf Mr. Sewaid hod been deep in Western lands, and was endeavoring to get them off his hands by means of a first rate, notice, he could not have given the great Northwest a more magnificent puff than that which forms the ex- ordium of his speech at St Paul, which weprint in full elsewhere. Mr. Seward is not,we presume, in the land business. His imagina-in the abolition army are enlisted for life. We nc-d hardly say what would be the result ehould the Seward ide-t be practically carried out. There would be civil war, anarchy and bloodshed in the land All sections would suffer, bnt the North more than the South. The commerce of the city «>• New York would receive a blow from the effects of which it would never recover. Andfinally, we can assure the men of the Norththe public, in turning to t h a e financial cbroni- way property, nominally of twenty millions, is c»e». fully believe themselves to bo inspecting worth only five; at tbe end of that term New the natural tides—the legitimate ebbs and York decides that tbe same property to worth flows- of the great corporate values which, in fifteen millions. What has happened in tbe the course of the last quarter of a century, interval? The financial condition of the pro- have grown up to such vast proportions, and perty is confessedly unchanged. The same have become the grard absorbents of the sur- men manage it; It owes the same debts, if sot plus earnings of the community, the centre re- more; it has a largerjbusiness to do, certainly.servoirs of the gains and economies of millions but requires new outlays for doing it A sober©5*—.fair aod square contest, by a very handsome BRTAHTS'MIN8TRK1X, Me«aaal<w'HaJI.«R Broadway.- majority, and came within a few hundred rotesBcBLsattcM. So»ea. FUacaa, Ac —Jaoa © ~~of industrious human beings.judge never would pronounce, therefore, that the prospects for tbe property were improving, and that a slight advance in its market price might be justified if paid by holders willing to wait till time should set his seal upon these new promises. The Stock Exchange cries oat, on the contrary, that the past to all wiped out, and that happy is the man wbo can secure anyshare of this redeemed property at any price before the enthusiasm of a regenerated people raises its quotations beyond fever heat When Peter Fonk, after his vulgar fashion, parades this policy on Broadway, to the confusion of raw foreigners from New Jersey, we laugh si his victims. When we see it succeed in Wallstreet, the wider sweep of tbe mischief which follows compels a very different emotion.The Bad •« tme T»aap«rml Power •* tme Papavey—Wormlmaje ot tme Sew Politicalof revolutionizing Connecticut From these Mi»»raaMi m Brainnaa HOBOS. Hoaxaxwra DAVCM Ac— authentic manifestations of a healthy NorthernHTBLO'S SALOOK, Broadway—Hooura A danaix's XaAoeoaAtioa lUu.KATlOH AX. THK ATRR Ohathaoi street -Dent's OA«OB raaa—HA(.IC BA-UABL—TBB a OI.LT Wtor-iaaepopular reaction, the conservative masses of the p<H>pk* throughout the country were encouraged to hope for a brilliant triumph over this Northernwest that whatever may happen hereafter, When j>ater familias takes up his money New York is just now the Empire State, aod article in the morning at breakfast, and readsieving that the West to, after all. a very mag niflcent country, that the management of Ame- rican railways has been extravagantly malign ed, that an increased freight and passenger traffic of the Red Cat line no more can assign a limit, and of which the prescient sages of the Stock Exchai ge have caught far reaching, pre- monitory glimpses, can alone account for this brilliant improvement in the prospects of bis property. What then, is the amazement ofCAKTKRBURT MCBIU HALL, MS Broadway.—Honoa holy anti slavery alliance in November. Thesethat we Intend to exert the Imperial privilege,so far as the defeat of Mr. Lincoln ia concerned.After much difficulty arrangements for the com- tetday at 76, he himself having bought as bination of the opposition to the republican many more just a month before at 70, he party have been made, and the chances for the goes down town jubilant and elated, beD u n s . B t u i w m t . *ATRIPLE SHEET. • •w Yoik.. Wedaeaday. S«pt. 46, lNiio.hopes, however, were soon paralyzed by the reckless desperation of the rival Presidential jugglers and gamblers of the democracy at Charleston and Baltimore, and from that day to this the election, by default, has beau to a great extent, on all eides, considered a foregoneconclusion.joint electoral ticket in this State are more thanvaeH A I L H KHB K U B U P X .• a w Vnrk HeravW — Bditloa fat Barepa.A c i n gmocratic cliques and leaders, managers, place- men, office seekers and organs, all over the country, have been following up the miserable game <>t their self appointed masters at Charles- ton and Baltimore, in tearing each other totion tears above pre emption rights, town lota fair. All that is needed is earnest devotedand city sites. He looks forward to the time work from this time till election day. The>when the seat of power in this republic shall be State Is against Sewardism by at least a bunlocated in the Northwest, when the interior dred thousand majority, and the utmost exer-shall give the law, and the Gospel as well, we tions should be made to get out the whole con- presume, to the seaports, and when New York servative vote. To the merchants and me shall be no longer the Empire State. He en- chanics of New York this election is especiallyThe Cuoard mall etrmm^htp Aata, Oapt. Lou, wlU leaTO ttle port to day. ftw LiverpoolWAIH will eloae In tniaeltf thla iaurn- i o'clocklarges upon the idea that our Northern boundary important is to be moved up to the frontier of Russian yet day.Let them work, then, while it toThettraoraA*»S>rn.ai<wTBBHBAALBwill oa paoimnaa pieces. At length, here in New York, finding at taa 0*0100* i» »ae aaoramf. Slajtie eopiea, la wrap-it impossible to endure any longer the senselessBawa, ett oetita.rae aoaiaata of the tr/noraA* Bamoa or tarn HM*ALL juggleries of Richmond. Cagger, John A.paterfamilias when, on glancing over the trans-America, and that the Southern limit of the The Prince or Wale* tm tbe Tutted States actions of tbe second board at dinner, he Is Ltf• at* Italy.tween Farther Point and Montreal, none of her news was telegraphed. Tie Anglo Saxou is due at Quebec at an early hour this morning.to her proper position the conservative State of New Jersey.But why are there no signs of a similar Unioncial inequality of its members; that the fathers was made at Detroit, and although it appeared cret and anticipative sources of accurate inforthat ample provision had been made by the par- ties who bad the management of his reception. still it was found impossible to carry out theb f e a r t h i 8been compelteJ 7 « * * f * * * ! !*Jt%wa.Files of Buenos Ayres papers to August S harebeen received. The elections to the Conventions at Baltimore, and that the union of all the frag- i'd hoc touk place on the 5th, 6th and 7th, but ments with all the other conservative forces ofunder thisimpress ion, ourrival de-gprijaitftmiwiiiu m WBsu.-e aid erv*t, WM ta ILitfat aop;>ly. who* priceswere fl> m, with * fair amount of aale*. Pork wat inac- are bound by law to provide. There Is not aslavery, as the climate would bill th*m. But press hsetf very forcibly upon the minds them, day after day for three yean sent, thatmoralized democracy at Baltimore a Union movemmt to organized in Now York, com- petent to wrest the Northern balance of power from the black republicans, and to crush out their sectional anti-slavery agitating organiza-gers to which they are exposed by the parsi- points are the same as those made by Spooner tion of Chancellor Oxenstierae's sarcastic advicemony of steamboat companies or the incompe- and others of Mr. Seward's favorite "Massachu- to bis etn. to go on a tour of the courts oftency of their officers. What the frequency of setts school," that slavery is unconstitutional, Europe, that be might see for himself "withthe catastrophes due to these causes has failed and that it is to be abolished gradually aod bow little wisdom the world to governed."to <Sect, in the way of example, legislation through the means of the republican party. The metropolian journals publish daily re- be, and tbe present speculation simply showsthe dfatracttd,dition of the aLti republic in elements of the N»'w Ei gland States. Last spring, by a sen- rible, coalition these conservative elements car ried Rhode Island against the republicans, iu ademoralizedand divided con-that the man ist*e emee dortnf toe orertoua week, aad ap to the Boa managers, we find our independent Union men, slavery abolished from all this land. Mr. of 6hr grabd prairies. He has got a little in-arlli iwaaklai taa BOwe raaerraa by mall aad talefrapa at Green, Gideon J. Tucker, and such like partyaf pablloattcBito an interruption in the working of the wires be- men who stand in the way, bids fair to restoreSewaid then enters into a philosophical disqui-sition, social and political, and lays down as histheorem that this continent had been designedespecially by Divine Providence as the theatresight, also, into the wsy this great Yankee na tion receives distinguished foreigners.One of the first evidences of popular feeling in this country towards the heir to the British thronebecome of the Weft and its tvealtb : of the Red from each of which much danger is apprehend- Cat directors and their fine business capacity; ed. These are the future condition of tbe of toe European demand for American cereals; Papacy, and tbe reoovery of Venetia, with itsof the general expansion and buoyant promises famous quadrilateral, from the Austrian do-n, "o'-onIt is from the first of these that immediateor volunteers in this city, coming to the rescue, and organizing in a lew days the very Unionmovement demanded by the crisis.the steamship Anglo fc*xon, with newa from Liver- a corresponding movement is under a good pool to the 13th and Londonderry to the 14th inst., headway In Pennsylvania, and the same spirit paaaed Farther Point yesterday afternoon. Owing of everything for the cause, and nothing forT a aBy telegragh frora Montreal we are advised thattwaddliag democratic organs, the Boston Post.Practicallyrepublic will eventually extend to the Isthmus of Panama, perhaps to the Straits of Magellan;The Prince of Wales has now acquired, sgrn,* suddenly, as it were, struck in the pit of his The solution of the question of reorganizing experience of the Cnjti-d States, having visited stomach by the information that the Red Cat the national form of Italy to presenting two at least two large Western cities, and seen one "sold down" after the beard to 68. What has great difficulties to the statesmen of Europe,alreadyb o mwho will seethe cession of the Bay Islands to Honduras, and that the storks respecting the disaffection of the British residents were got up to further the designs of Walker, whose filibustering schemes had de- layed the cession.The Neapolitan Minister has taken leave of our government, his diplomatic functions having been terminated by the late revolution in Naples.or tempt the cupidity cl Northern men. They canwith what precise result is not yet known. The the North is demanded to defeat this proud and only cry out "secession," "disunion," to which they had met with receptions of this character the one thing nor the other. church It was the decay and dissolution ot thethe New Haven Register. These organs, like the miserable party journals that live upon the drippings of the Treasury at Washington, have no vocation except that of feeders at the public crib. All these aforesaid papers affect to bethe South can no longer triumph over the fearsdevoted to the cause of the democratic party.They have not yet learned that the democratic North. Now, however, the time has come when party and its principles were broken into piecesTribwta supposes that both parties in the confede- domineering alliance of Northern abolition cru- threat Mr. Seward derisively responds, "Who's in the British Provinces they would have sup-ration will be pretty equally represented, yet saders. afraid?" and the adherents of the Senator echorpeaks very hopefully. At Rosario part}- feeling posed that John Bull held a perpetual( lease of was running high, and the police had taken pre- The Boston Post is a perfect specimen of "Who's afraid?" Mr Seward further tells the that portion of the empire.old Roman empire, long after its seat had been Populus vult decipi is as true now as in old transferred to Constantinople, that led tbe Rome, and above all things true of financial mat- Italian people to look to the Pope ofcautionary measures in view of anticipated diffi- the antiquated horseleech. As a newspaper men of the Northwest that the slave power hasters. What gambler will thank you for proving to him that roulette to only a synonym for ruin, and that bis calculations on faro are all moon- shine? Nevertheless, it is the duty of the inde-pendent press to nail op facts before the pub- lic, and leave them to work their own work.Especially in great national emergencies likethe present, when all to unsettled above us. The church wore well and nobly tbe honors itwhen Europe is throwing back our harvest into had won For centuries it preserved the finiteof the older civilization which bad succumbedto tbe advance of the Northern hordes. Reli-culties. 8r. Derci«i left there on July »1 for it to of no sort of value; for in its distinguish Parana.It appears, by news received via New Orleans, that a powerful expedition against Mexico is in progress of preparation at Havana. Twenty thou- sand veteran Boldiers are to be sent.wealth in those States the territory of which States, and we opine they will not be disap- was included in the ordinance of 1787, and tha* pointed; but the visit will be productive pro-been overthrown by the moral force of the ex- Ing feature of stale jokes and silly conundrums ample of progress, prosperity and materialWe are told that the royal party anticipated much pleasure from their visit to the UnitedRome as a temporal leader and sovereign, and to recoguiee in bim the depositary of Italian nationality. His temporality grew by slow and progressive degrees, as the bonds of the empire relaxed and fell away, until the expir- ing Latin rule flickered out at Byzantium, andit is surpassed by our caricature pictorials,and they, in all conscience, are poor enough.But still, as the Boston organ of the democracy,this Boston specimen of an old iostilized until It has been entirely abolished. His exactOfficial advices received at the State Departmentrepresent that no action has been taken by Pern newspaper of the Saurian epoch, the Post, for words are, that the men of the Northwest haverespecting the settlement of pending difficulties time out of mind, has been kept alive by the enlisted for this war for the term of their natu- with this government. The Peruvian government federal spoils claimed as its share, with every ral lives.Prince. They will find here a country and a people which they were not prepared to meet, and we are wrong in our estimate of their saga- city if this visit does not furnish them with seri-halt no ore to dispute the claims of tbe Pope*bad not replied to Mr. Clay's note containing the election of a democratic President, when all nitimeturn of the United States. * its labors have been devoted to the single ob- Oaring an altercation between two persons in ject of keeping the party in Massachusettsour faces, and our whole political horizon to Now, we lay this St. Paul speech before our ous and grave thoughts upon human govern- dark and uncertain, does the press owe thisWater street yesterday morning, one of the parties drew a knife and severed the jugular rein of his opponent, killing him instantly. The person who struck the blow to named John McKeogh, that of Lis victim Daniel O'Rourke. Both are said to hare teen intoxicated at the time of the occurrence.uconveniently small.'' On a smaller scale, touching the spoils, the Hartford Times, the Providence Post, and the New Haven Register, have been and are worthy colaborers of this Boston retailer of old jokes, conundrums andoi its points.In the first place, Mr. Seward humbugged the colored glass, of bright or dark hue. accordingWell as the fortunes ot individuals, must be held to be largely implicated in the estimate which we suffer men to pu', oc Wall street and its transactions. If the fluctuations of tbe Wallfeeds ot olden time, which have siuce produced rucb glorious fruit in every pureuit of the hu- man Intel e c tBut now the world has outgrown the oldThey all belong, inas the reception they meet agrees with or falls world systems of slavery with that which short of the estimate they form of their ownBoard. The weekly statement of the county trea- of the New England States would recover a obtain for themselves a share of political Boston, the nursery of the Revolution, the spot•nry showed a balance en hand of $41,832. commanding position they must combine with where the fighting began-/' and he was answered, Ml 83 power. Bnt the African has no such talent ofThe wills of Hermann Thome, JohnT Ort.» all the other conservative elements around organization. This has been proven In the " is is true that your government imposed op*eher Rfley and Wilflam R a j l w W e r e a d J j J " ' them, regardless of their party organs and case of Hay ti. The black must serve the white prossive and unjust laws upon the people ofand Austrian and French bayonets have long constituted tbe only props to the temporal throne of Rome. Even with these its prescripts are disregarded beyond the walla of tbe ancientseat of empire, and Italy now obeys other be-hests in temporal things than those of bis Holi- In ness. It now becomes him, as a temporalfBttbate yesterday In the Sorrogate'a Court. These «vfila distribute real and personal estate amountta* ^ the aggregate to more than ftoo.ooo. whkh u divided among the relatives of the testators exclu-sively.of the Albany Regency to terms of reason, and the doom* of th« office, check No. 1^40, thus leav New York State will yet be redeemed. Let Inf 586 licenses uncalled for, which were handed toe independent Union men of all parties inover to th attorney of the Beard to commenceus believe, on tbe business condition of tbe West and its resources. If this to really so, what terms of contempt can be too strong to apply to the WesternThe Excise Commission received yesterday, atto the UtterThe state of thing, now existingprince, to recognise the fact that the hour of his deatiny has come, and. wrapping bis mantle round bis head, to fall as gracefully as he may at the feet of tbe new emblem of Italian nation-ality that has been inaugurated by those wbo have conspired with the spirit of the are against him. When be does this, tbe spiritual power of tbe Pope will at once receive a new rigor, and commence a new era of existence.While Italy to thus reaesuming her own na- tional existence, and reestablishing in other bands toe political power that has fallen fromtbose of the Pope, it is inevitable that other forms of national existence shall return t o h e r t h e p o r t i o n s o f h e r t e r r i t o r y t h e y h a v eimit thereonforthwith.race between Planet aad Congaree 1 Course was won by Planet, who res1 is tsmtoneea. Tisae,7^.had been previously wlindrawu on?ZZi ^ ^attains a spasmodic activity which inflates these same prices up to an increase of thirty, forty and fifty per cent This, at least, is the story of Wall street, which is passed from mouth to month bymen wbo do not seem to perceive—practical men ^» V * • *stvuaccount of an teottimt wkje* a ^ n ^ *rftoing.whippersin, has penned the midst of a revolution.the coroner's jury In this caseopei the eyes of the public to the'riskl a?slavery abolished in the Gulf States Is already bora be to talking nonsense, and drawing on bis imagination for bis facts.Tben,as to the result of the systems, Mr.Seward claims aui^fiority for the North andWest over the South, and all because of the ex-istence of the "peculiar institution-' in the latterUntitled Documentattachtthe Bostonians commenced the Revolution, andthrew the British tea into the bay, In resistanceto laws which are now acknowledged, even inT*» sales of oottoa vaaiii 1 m ememosd ah>ut Jfiaa ««*, m the seam of ISJB> p« te. f ^ miJMine^veiling in our lake aodera. The defects and omissions which it a £ oaU-es constitute, in nine cases out of ten, Z•aprrtFS«mrw»»B.J!!a*r t L^~, *r C *, "*r k 0• w * » m f \ m a r> q u e s t a a d a a o r e a c t i v e a : * iordinary condition oT the vessels to which the section. Mr. Seward Is wrong, and be knows safety of hundreds of thousands of lives to an- «. He knows as well as we that theno necessity for a revolution in Boston again. We have a free and Independent press now which regulates the government, and is a safeimproe^fe* £entirely independent press in Boston at the309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069twwso long enjoyed.weretbe first toobeythecallofItaliannnitw.w h aM——W^Mi^*" g ^ W ^ " ^» urnI»L...to go even further than that, we took now at of the DUKH of Newi-aede K nd the other the commerce of the West has tbe very least onifl*•w.coawseoruauoaxofULTosera..andpntueatS14a$14SSBuxarawar*qaietbatataaly, thattonotliabletofounderwithinsightofthe theSouthandfinditteemingwithwealth, Bri'isha!»>e>menduringtheir00%.ervationofpartindeterminingtbeNewYorkquotationsferry or excursion boat that leaves our piersllw,withH-aiteStalM,at»19*&aSIS&Sfornew mw,wtih tats of aWat 400 hhde. and 4*0 boxes, at ratea shore, with just as extensive a loss of life as while the West cannot pay its honest debt*. our peopU- *u d inaftutiona. It is a> ** V*^~ of ihto or that Western corpora'e property—th»tat the that which occurred on board the Lady Elgin. The Southern States increase steadily in popu- h«bte. too. that they will many times repfxOn none of them are proper provisions made lation, white and black, and if the foreign *r-tde sentiment of the attache" above referx' against a collision or fire. Even la the simple should be suppressed altogether, slavery is to 1 to—< What a pity that we should have lost suedshould accomplish. There may be differences The government having once passed into the ports of the transactions of this Exchange, andof a grand experiment in the science of govern-ment; that for six thousand years society bad was manifested at the very moment when be set Is it not surprising that, with all their profoundbeen a failure, because of the political and so- bis foot upon our soil. His first formal landing sagacity and all their mysterious access to se dagger IB apprehended. Louis Napoleon hasof this republic, knowing all this, adopted laws to repress the foreign slave trade, and passed the resolution of 1787, in order that slavery mightmatron, the wise men of Wall street should have discovered, in the compass of a single morning, impending mischief, so great and *.o inevitable,TM y , Kurope to declare p.- ^ vV^ii *- u A 1ubllcly that the Pope shall lwvthtThe investigation by the Grand Jury into thetrageiyfon board of the sloop Spray, commenced movement in any of the New England States? gradually die out, and then the world would. procession or other arrangements with any kind that they cannot be too quick in throwing feellng has produced the cawat Trenton yesterday, there being present the sis- Simply because the people of those States, of for the first time, see a real democracy. But, of regularity, owing to the spontaneous enthusi- back on the hands of pater familias and his dress of Victor Emanuel to his a*. - ^ ' , t e i toail parties, have become too much accustomed possessing corroborative testimony of a strong to leave their political duties to the control of character. At a wonderful illustration of Provi- their old party backs, leaders and organs, andters Of the murdered victims, and other witness***asm of the masses. They rushed in such a vast friends to-day at 68 the vary same property cccasion of their entering the Papal °*"* - .^ adhered to their system, and the consequence is throng to greet the Prince that the streets were which they were yesterday so eager to woo prevent the newly risen national sen/dndfif;that they are in a terribly bad way, while the immediately blocked up, and all hopes of car- from him at 76? Can the faith of pater fa- from committing excesses that would react in- free States, and especially those made from the rying out the programme had to be abandoned, milias in the honestly representative character structively on itself. This fear has been fostered territory embraced in the ordinance of 17S7, and the royal party were conducted to the hotel of the Stock Exchange and its business bear and industriously fanned by priests and zealots have prospered beyond the most sanguine ex- by a back street This kind of a welcome, up against so rude a shock? The philosopher everywhere; but their appeals and their pro-pectations of their founders. Notwithstanding hearty and democratic as it was, must have in his study, reasoning from cause to effect, testations have not sufficed to turn the spirit all this, the people of the North and West have struck the Prince and the statesmen who attend would probably say no. Chancellor Oxen- of tbe age from its course. Tbe sentiment of been faithless to their trust, in permitting new bim as affording a marked contrast-to the recep- stierae in bis cabinet, watching the actual Italian nationality has risen in majesty to re- slave States to be admitted, in consenting to tions in Canada, where everything was done ac- world of men, would undoubtedly say yes. assume its rights, and tbe Catholic monarebs of the abrogation of the Missouri line, and In al- cording to programme, and under the control The singed cat, we are told, dreads the fire, in- Europe have acquiesced in the necessity that lowing the Supreme Court of the United States of the regular authorities; but in Detroit the stinct, speaking with irresistible voice in the has been imposed upon them by one man whoto decide that the institution of domestic masses did the reception in their own good na- dumb creature's nerves. Mankind, gifted with understands his epoch, and have refrained from slavery is legalized by the constitution. Thus, tured way, without being controlled by any reason, employ that divine faculty far more intervention between the Italian people and the through the timidity of the North, the South military force, except the volunteers, who were commonly in angrily stifling the accents of ex- strangers that have so long oppressed them.has had all the power in its own hands, there more for show than duty, and yet withoutdential interposition, the body of Captain Leete, one of the victims, was identified the day before the investigation, the discovery being made through a paragraph which appeared last week in thecolumns of this journaLThe Prince of Wales and party left Dwight yes-terday on a shooting excursion to Stewart's Grove. They had a fine day's amusement killing quail. The Prince, who is an excellent shot, enjoyed thet»port highly, and was very successful.It to reported that no difficulty exists regarding the Providence Post, the Hartford Tunes andbecause these old party managers of the demo- cracy in the New England States, looking to the monopoly of the federal spoils, have found 'it their policy to keep their party "conveniently small," depending upon the South and upon the great Central and Western States to pull theirchestnuts out of the Are.By way of example, let us take those modelpays Mr. Seward, a number of the slave StatesIf we look rightly at the progress of events and the wrath of the anti-slavery men has discourtesy or offence to any one. They want- giving weight to its warnings. Pater fa- in Italy, we shall see that it to not that the Pope been, in a measure, suspended. The South has ed to see and welcome their young ktnsman> milias Is confounded by the Stock Exchange, (has been despoiled of bis temporal power, butheretofore been able to bully or to buy thethe representative of the elder branch of the but be believes in it. Its ways are past his that in that respect the Papacy has fulfilled its family, and they accordingly turned out en finding out, but he has all the more faith in miaeion, and tbe power has fallen spontaneously masse for that purpose in such numbers as en- them for that Will be thank us for trying to from hands no longer able to wield it The tirely took the managers by surprise, andotnust enlighten him, or pay the slightest attention to temporal sovereignty of Italy never jras pro-the war against slavery is to be maintained bably of as much astonishment as pleasure to the sagacious statesmen who accompany theduty to the investing public. " Whether theyplatform of the republican party that has ever their future career as statesmen and rulers. will hear, or whether they will forbear,''to preserved and brought down to us in her bo-fallen from the lips of its great leader, and in They have hitherto known the United States their own affair. Observe, too, that our na- som and it was under ber guidance that the that view call special attention to two or three only through the medium of tourists' books—a tional character in the world of commerce, as Italian mind again planted and watered tbereaders as the clearest exposition of the realment, which may prove of much advantage ingion, literature, science and the arts were allpeople of Minnesota when he compared the oldboarding school poetry.noon. The business of preparing the registry list a dull, stupid way, to the same selfish, mean existed here when the fathers founded merits. Now, these gentlemen can see and street stock market really represent the solidThe Board or Supervisors met yesterday after-and unscrupulous school of party spoilsmen as this government The systems of serf- judge for themselves. shiltings to aod fro of all the great material forms that were established by the Stephens the committee not being ready at present to re- the Albany Regency. dom, vassalage, villainage or slavery, interests in which Wall street de-tls, then are and the Hildebrands of the church, and Italy, port on the aobject. In a communication seat in Under the lead of such sordid and contracted both antique and mediaeval, were quite An incident occurred when the invitation to we, of all people in the world, the moat reck- imbued with the spirit of the age, demands a t>y the Comptroller he states that the only mSney organs and engineers, the New England demo- different from any that ever existed here. In visit Boston was given to the royal party less, incompetent and undependable in our new national lite, untrammelled by spiritual paid mto the eity treasury tor the paat tea yearstm account of forfeited recognisances was s pay-waa postponed until next week, in coaeeqnence ofBton appointing additional ga^da for Eidridge•Jtreet prison, which waa stated by the Sheriff tokbe in an insecure condition, was adopted by thecracy have been trampled under foot since the Europe the slaves were of the same race—the which shows the kind of feeling with which commercial transactions.dogmas, and freed from tbe casvock ef the priest, the gown of tbe monk, and the cloak of the car- dinal. It is this new political life in Italy that has long made it impossible for the Papacy to wield, unaided, its temporal power. There- fore it has called far strangers to rule the land,downfall of poor Pierce, and their disasters are Caucasian—as their masters, and were held in they regarded the people they were about to largely due to the importance which he attached a sort of military bondage. Their normal con- come amongst One of the suite remarked that to such worthless party leeches as the Boston dition was that of freedom, and they were they would be very glad to go to Boston, bnt Post If the remains of the democratic party sometimes able to throw off their shackles, and asked, " How will the people receive us there ?Take, for instance, the business of Jhe great West, as represented in the stockeparty principles, and platforms and claptrap; man or amalgamate with him. And once let Boston, and they resisted them, and that it was for all such stuff and nonsense amounts to the African mid Anglo-Saxon blood be tho there the Revolution broke out; but the people nothing. The sound conservative public opinion roughly mixed, there Is an end of all the threw off the yoke of your government, andapply iw me nestern commercial world? January the commerce of the West has not vi- tality enough to keep the prices of most of its great arteries up to one-fourth of their nominal value, In August the commerce of the Westof this city has brought the quibbling intriguersTtElSZ?*^"* ?ente P^«»»tbelongthey are now independent of every one. Your oppressive laws are forgotten. Come to Boston, and you will be received with respect and hos pitsiity. They will show yon Bunker Hill and tell you all about the battle." To which thereplied, '•What a pity we should have »*»*» end " we are in Mr. Seward says that the man who will see lost such a splendid country!" It is true thatwul, wo trust,England, to nave been unjust and S m a i ^ I l ^ ' H ? I*001* ^ * " **«•*"•--•*•fhinam a*a.it -k A-.1 ._* ,v__ 1./" ITMJ rWionloui such a story insuch a con- things are all changed now, and there wfll berive/stamnection is. And on the faith of this statement, so flatly foolish that no sane man would lend fifty dollars to a tradesman wbo should pnt lorwaid a similar exhibit of his own little affairs-men rush into the Stock Exchange to invest, not only the saving* of the past, but even the dis-ff.*-w-4**t-fta*^JL.Ain the slave Stetes to a natural one,T h e e x i g « fcies of that section demand slave labor This* « * * P k » to toe day to not a siirple demand either ; Ufa an absoluteUttiUt 0atof all these old party dogmas and organs, andcfes of authors who see everything through ain that Delphic utterance how one thousand shares of Red Cat Railway were sold yes-of the national commerce, in this brief interval?perience than in obeying its behests andhave astonished the Prince and his party. If our warnings? Of course he will do neither perly an attribute of the head of the Christianlietthe New. York Stock Exchange doling tbe past year. The prices of the stocks of these Wef tern roads depend, as Wall street and those who put their trust on it would haveof theleadingWesternroadson* •"1867 hascradual; and that spasmodic inflations of parti-try sincebeen, s o tspasmodic, batrailway stocks a sound one, the West would be justly branded by all intelligent men as a land of bubbles and spendthrifts, living literally from band to mouth. Bnt the Wall street thee ry is as far from sound as it possibly eonnot be disturbedin" ^ r*v > Vatican, and the same_ _ . ..: , . . . "•tiously worded ad- ^ ^ ^ ^ toprogress almost entirelyehistory.coo' the Revolution the tea . i l lowes us the i-*.,»iw.fuTTuscany, Modena and Parmag u a r d a g a i n s t o p p r e s s i o n .I f t h e r e h a d b e e n a nhomas M. Trmltonyniskimrin*•• 