 the State to recede from the Federal U"ion.: SS=i ;.i''-.f v&^M:w^.?vi: •>• ,•>-'.< -;•*• •:•?. r^M4 ^For her to do otherwiae i* to retrace, in the very eight of theeon. From themountain *>theseaboardcomesthe cheering cry of State Sovereignty, and all her children are. rtaxry to gather under it."/ vJQSBPH E. BROWN..: :Wherea*, IntelligencehmireadiedUHthat, with a view--'^to precipitate the country Into revolution," to dlswolre the TTnio'nof tbe State*, and estnbluh a Southern oonifederaey. large nuwber*SHEREAED , g* »•***' s-yf-rhw own district, that out of her To the PeopleCLEMENS TO HIS CONSTITU- E.NTS,following description of their costume:wince the PreHidenUBl election, and by violent and denunciatory <tf" the Wheeling ConprewiQuaX District? in sharangu'efl a£ain*t the Government of the United States aail the people ttf the North, have inflamed the minds of the populace to ti,n., {Three «*h<er, for Orangeburg.] She ban hvon Before the last Congressional election, I announced an nlnrminp extent against the Government, and weakened theh T v S - & $ $ $ "*u I t Mr. Comin, Mr. JEwing, doubtless h e -reenacted, merely at on imaginary proapeot o( ered wilh a network of black cotton, tbe streamers ornamented and their s^jnpathfeers in the Lincoln ranto, exertJ.5C0 rotes not a tingle one would be iveu for submis- Virginia;true t o W State and the^umor of t g J ta?e in evTr? to. you my des-ire to retire from public life. In repeat-, bonda of the American Union; and Whereat Conventions of thewrong to the South: but we are true Southerners, and would ad- "with Palmetto trees and Lope Stars, embroidered in gold.thread, vocate instant and determined resistanceJf Lincoln should at- while the feathen* are formed of white and black worsted. TheSytempt to invode our rijrhtH or. hi any manner deprive us of our • fair claims to equality in the Union. " 'entire work is domestic, as well as tbe material,.and exhibitsexigency Every foot of her noil was plowed nitf o> mg now that determination, I have to declare to you, people in aeveralof those States have been called, under'nanctionWe cannot witbboldthe opinion, however, that the'jBg tbe JRevolutjon by tbe foreign fJe, and it wa* my deep and unqualihed thanks for your kindness ex- of their executive officera, to confer upon the mode of bringiM abont speedily and effectually the diiwolutioH of the Union; andconsiderable in«re«uityv The idea illustrates the patriotism of4., It seems to ua that, having taken a chance for the prisse our- the ladies, and their eoripoet sympathy with the great Southern merit repeal of the Personal Liberty actn" will not? * & - h ^j M D it S t h a t a CaroHna matrongave the fi^ tended to me upon so many occasions in the past; and Whereat, The people, in the madnewi of the hour, under tbe to burn dowini her own house, and said "Though I go to assure you that whatever my future fate may be influence of popalar leaders, have hauled' down from itaselves, we cannot now, upon any principle of justice or honor, movement, while its execution affords convincing proof of howrefupe to snbmit to the result which gives it to onr opponents. independent we can be of our Northern ogj?ressors when we suffice to Kttiwfy the Southern States. It will be auenxaiea of the past, now marches with a double so generouily conferred upoiuue.catly declare that it does not justify our Southern brethren in of war, to use, if necessity required, in slaughtering wealth, or the geograpHical position, which give to is concerned, they involve no sacrifice beyond the suhl. ,, hy ««ie »o Congress, waa now ready to go as far as the •POSTURE OF AFFAIRS IN GEORGIA.timeB. _ . . ..".' once(whether byasacrifice*of theirjewels,oranap- doweprotestagainstanyenrollmentofanyportionof '' Theissueinrelation totheUnion ia thusnarrowed Revolved, " That dissolution is a remedy ibr no known evil," propriation of pin-money, we are not informed) to our people—no matter bow insignificant—under the down to a point which no patriotic Northern m*»From The Savannah. Republican, 7M.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 96, 1860..;•;.' -never would do, nor could she do it without ignominy, ablestatesman, who has served Gfe^ria so long and so !ety> y American to pay full obedience to t h e law* and the Consti-and be rerer would believo that the people of th"i« v State w ill belie themselves,, or Bully its bright escutch- sponse in the bosom of every pa riotie son of Georgia. the foliowing resolutions: - : -your favcr *ball not be forgotten. acouxtcmed places the American Hag, and hoisted instead their old colonial standard, thus riving .unmistakable Asa border people you have peculiar interest in the evidence of tlieir hostility to the Federal Government; integrity of the Federal Government. The result of They have attempted to stir.o the Government arms—They the recent Presidential election is made the pretext for hnvo declared that they would not submit,'t'e the rule of a Presi-5. That, indeed, we. believe, that the momentous question have tbe will to undertake and the energy to achieve," ,. which is now agitating the Southern mind ought to be loft toe» 1WhThrh^r ^ '***'#•**» thearrowfo 5 r ^ A 2 f l IV*?* "*y 8P"ngfrom the ashes and n t mv S ?u C ?, w *k » who threw off like a fire- cause of the South. It affords no remedy for alleged©rawi the robea of Federal office; old Beaufort grievances, but will intensify every one of theoi. It3 2 ^ ^ T t 0 £ o u > •• « « 1 • w " n o n e b u g l e m a y p r e c i p i t a t e a r e v o l u t i o n , w n i c h w i l l e n d i n a r e -turn to colonial dependence under the crown of En- the Slave States and being (if possible) more interested in thebh*t of defiance, v.£li »tand with every man to your matter than any others, to assemble, and take prompt, and de Wick. AndColliton,withhernobleterritoryofproud gland,orinmakingtheCottonStates mere stipendia- cisiveactioninthepremises;todeclarethemselvesfortheUnion, Ot&wi^remenibering Win. Lowndes, of wh'om it was ries upon the despotism of France. or tho Southern movement, and let the people know; North anawiserendmoreexperiencedheadsthanours;furthermore,thaihot political excitement does not accord with the character of aninstitution of learning, which by right ought to be the abode ofquiet, thoughtful "study, of uninipasHloned feeling, and of reason;OPINIONS OF- THE SOUTH ERN PRESS.1 hri bt'•[?*""£'* * *N«b feme anddentelectedunderthelawsofthe United States—TheyV"o»*- ' S n S L S 2 t e ' will j^en^up one unbroken column; an aw-ault upon the Constitution under the forms of tering into rorhbhrntions and alliances with each other, and or- jad Beaafort, with the mighty dead deposited in her which it has been decided. ganizing and arming their militia, to resist the powers of. the The hot and indecent baste of South Carolina meets Federal Government.—With a view to prevent the execution of with my unqualified condemnation. It periLi what- the United States laws they have caused'the Federal officers for oneormore oftheseStates to resign,and made itperilous for£&£ SSr'butthatwefeeljustifiedinbringingforwardthese,resolutionsinorder to counteract the opinion that secossrionism {s the prevail- proposed inajnguration.of a."-Palmetto'.'- flag-esta'blish- it must he followed by other, measures of an afnnnativeing sentiment of oiir College. /-, ' , ment at the quondam iibetty Engine House, under character, which experience has shown to be desirable, 6".'That, finally, if the resolutions of the secession meeting are the auspices of sundry patriotic citizens, whose South- under any circumstances, and which will be absolutely published, we authorize the Committee to publish the above ia ern zeal appears to have considerably the advantage of indispensable under an administration pledged to thosuchpapersastheymaydeemproper.LEWIS MAVERICK. Chairman. tbeir wits and discretion. Whatever may be the sym-. pursuit of an Anti-Slavery—which means an Anti-With the attiring voice of the noble and Uving Barolb e < a l d w i t h R b e t tSfSL»i*T !i ?' J > whoee wholoJm]baa fflustrated Southern atateauianship, without a ever of merit there may have been hitherto in thei1 vS vi*".-' %jjfoj[j£ig#iffi3g5K^I'^y'v v?* y>feH> •-'-<•*:*•.•&« •&...:..^.^..'.-v -^• - ' - * - • • ' .. ;•.. : * ~ ^ ~ * Mrfgg - V3*''to tbe Presidency, wo oanubtTmt acknowledge the oohetttnWoh- tary of the Treasury. Tyler and Wise are providedi^' country, and mutual confidence to to citizen*. Thath*** fbe^tbe step die tookAfew shortwee** ago. That she McD.nald, the noble ci'izen, the tiied patrioti and the A meeting of cttiKens of Breckinridge County; Kyi, .»:l^,Of.tbe.aaine;.and knowing.it, to-be-.tho bounden duty of ^The'country'is-safe.- /' -,;;v.v--^-;,. -.• -..--Aax.'- t.*e encourajfwinent is not.great, we admit. But. what-i?V7d o f afiH<*i-"n FhouH have fallen? 5faithfully, I ;doubt not the isentitten* meeta a-warm re- assembled at Hard/rsburg on the 19th inst.," aadpassed' tulior, we pot our trust in tho ;<i>niervativ* man throughout tbe I SOUTHERN ^uMATKUi MiLr,iNERS.---The women ofuponlSoV . fBRECKINRIDGE COUNTY, KY.would precipitate.om- country into a olvil-war'.' m '•?.«•'• < 3..That,webelievethattheunity of/the Government wbioh CPMaWtef us one,people is, amain pillar in the edlfioo of our rf! T?"*P*bdence( ana that we have too de«p a veneration for of. the neople of the extreme Southern State* have aaaembled the Union to wish to see it dissevered aud overwhelmed by a; South Carolina have begun to dress in Georgia lin- , B * s ? e ? w o f TO0,**iD& ihe disruption of the Coaled. seyand^cotton^' The.Charleston Mercury givesthe S*P§1-'o^p J?«?20<m•'•**ib« oartenttowhichtlMirof public affairs it is imperative o n t h e p e o p l e o f K e n t u c k y , s t a n d i n g a s t h e y d o o n t h e b o r d e r s o fResolutions.v., i ' •our undoubted disposition."to make common cause with ures we are not at this moment called to diseuse. But t h e m f o r t h e u i a i n t e n a n c e o f o u r c o m m o n r i g h t s a g a i n s t t h e y m u s t b e i n t h e s h a p e o f a m e n d m e n t s t o t h e C o n - Northern aggression, we presume that nobody is dis- stitution, with the view of giving to the Sooth theher part to initiaxe tl is mighty ymovement. She did In this divided state of sentiment, upon a most im- North, and eminently entitle them to be heard'iii any movement matter or not, cannot get my patronage; neither do Imuch to build up tlirt temple of liberto. That tem- regarding tbe seeurity of slave property, and so long as they are think any one of truo Southern sentiments should pat- tbem. They heeded hot the counsels and admonitionsple is on firfi. Thegenius of liberty in trying to raise portant emergency, each insisting strenuously that his content to remain in the Union, the more Southern States being ronize tbem. My interpretation of Messrs. Lynch & .which we offered them to consider—they concluded toherHtarry throne to the *kie». Let South Carolina lay or their own peculiar \iews should obtain, the intelli- shielded and protected as they are by the border States from aflWe aie opposed to secession on account of the elec- tion of Lincoln, or for immediate secession or revolu- tion for j.ast or existing constitutional violations. W ec ntend that there are remedies within the Union for all the violations complained of—these remedies hare not only hot been exhausted, but none' have been, i pplied." Tlmt not ao much as one attempt has hereto- fore been made to apply a remedy. The urst more ha« now been made, loosing to a practical result. A bifl is tefoie the Legislature proposing to tax the producer and manufacture* of the offending States. In the issue of The Su7t of tb« 10th instant, we published the billthe corner-stone of another gloriom* temph. ent and cool-headed Senator from Glynn, the Hon. fhomas Butler King, arose at his place in the Semite, Mr. Keitt «*id he would not argue tie question of and submitted aproposition for a Joint Select Com-danger and loss, should be quiet and content. HARDIN COUNNTY, KENTUCKY.At a " Union" meeting held at Elizabethtown, Ky., as may, in their opinion, contain offensive matter, oth- to them will be the retribution that is certain toState Sovereignty. One of our diHtingui»hea Senators mitted, to whom the whole question of the duty and on the 19th, the following resolutions were adopted:erwise I should not have thought a reply necessary.A BUSINESS MAN. HARDL Y AN APPRECIABLE OFFER.follow. " -The falling off in the value of stocks and securities,had done it with an ability HO great that its brightness policy of the State should be referred, with instructionsRetolved, That we do not regard the mere election of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency as a sufficient cause for a dissolution of the Union, and that we regard the prerfent Mcocssion move- ments on the part of certain Southern States as being premature and'unwise.Retolved, That, while w« depirecato and disapprove of tho secession movements of tho Soutn, yet we regard those Northern* Stales that have nullified the Fugitive Slave Law as being tbe real ditunionistt, aud as much desorVing of condemnation.as our Southern neighbors.was not to be obfoured. to report by bill or otherwise. The measure .wasIt was found i$ tbe Colonial history of the country, promptly adop.ted? whereupon six Senators and thir-prints tho following and the panic in the monetary and commercial affairs— the withholding of Southern orders and Southern cot- ton are only the beginning of the end. That will be a "bitter end " to the North; but so far as we are con- cerned, our embarrassment cannot be more than tem-Dear Sir: I have never in all my life suffered as porary—as we have all the elements of wealth among much in mentnl oppression, on any subject, as I have us, and we mean to keep them—from the North, at uLin the Declaration of Independence, ip the'treaty with teen Representatives were appointed to constitute the Great Britain,' in the articleH of confederation, in theThe Montgomery,letter:AdvertiserCom titution, and in eternal justice and the Sovereignty committee. Tbe matter once in the hands of so ableSKLMA, NOV. 9,1860.of the South. He did not mean to discus** the questionof right. ' The Convention of 1850 naid they had theand discreet a body, comparative quiet and confidence w«re restoied.Gov. A. B. MOOKH, Montgomery, Ala. •) ••and urged its speedy passage into a law, as the measure, in our opinion, that would go directly home to those who were, by their votes, doing all the mischief—toMr. Keitt then ri.'iculcd the idea of coerciou on th • bill ordering an election of Delegates on the first'Ihe perpetuation of those liberties and the continued favor of Almighty Ged, Hhould be tbe ardent desire ofadopted*"Resolved, That secession is an act of. revolutipn arid can only be justihed by the extremity of oppression; .and we deny that. LOWNDES COUNTY, GEORGIA. Ben. McCulloch, and Gen. dideon J. Pillow, are strengthen the hands of our enemies. A meeting of citizens assembled at Valdosta Lown- among the distinguished arrivals. I presume eac ofprivileges are now endangered by the injustice, and ag-gressive action of the people of a portion of our Con-tierne remedy, and an attempt to do so by South Carolina or ing resolutions: ,^- •Gen. Pillow, signed by members of the Legislature, to prompt Southern Rights'- mea to immediate action. ties may be adjusted: .mony which shall present to the world a State united' Constitution, therefore,ue and our rights—a political felo-de-se. And now out of the Union, leaving the offending States in theirand indivisible.SOUTHERN MEETINGS.ADAIR COUNTY., KENTUCKY.At a meeting of citizens of Adair County, Ky., held on the 19th inst., at Columbia, Ky., tb,c following reao-Retolved, That the election of Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin ought not to be submitted to by the State of Georgia.Retolved, That by the laws of Georgia, Hannibal Hamlin is a negro (for it htu*beettpublished, aud has not been donied, that he has over on eigth of negro blood in his velus), and although the perjured villain is a fit subject to represent the disgraced amf contaminated State of Malnjo tn the National Leg'iHliituro, accord- ing to the derision of the Supreme Court of the United States, in tbe. Dred Scott case, bo is not a citizen, and consequently in-glory to enjoy a separate independence. Or supplicate for admission" back inv> the Union on such terms as vrffl secure/.-ood behavior in future. * . .Wednesday, the 2£th day oi the present month, as a v. ill, as it now does, to enforce its laws and protect the rights of. enforce obedience on the part of Northern citi'/ous to their Con-the right,Fro.n The Wathinijton Consttitution, 24*4.tectmea State ia the Union; that Alexander Hamilton- communicated this precedent condition of Jfew-Yorkto Mr. Madison; that the reply of the latter was a* - emphatic denial of tbe right cluiated, with the-'asee*©-- - tion that* the asr-ent of New-York, under such a condi- .day of fasting, humili<a"ion, and prayer; and I do hereby invite the church*-* and religious societies of this State, of <^v0ry name and order, and the wholethe citizens ot all the States, regardless of such fanatical aud un- constitutional State legislation. • . #stitutional obligations and oaths, ond considering further that the Northern States .and'people, after long-continued and repeated acts of insults arid injury, gradually becoming more violent for the lust seventy years, to jrain supremacy for their own section, and to reduce as to a state of provinciulism, that lately tbey liuve openly iuvaded a Southern State aiid murdered her law-WCi•,observe that Judge Thomas, a Democraticmember of the Vermont House of. Representatives, has-Retotved, That we claim the Constitution and the Union as our bir'tbiigbt, which we wilt not, Esau-like, exchange for a mess of people of thin State, to abstain from secular employ- treasonable pottage; and although we deplore the election ofintroduced a measure repealing the " Personal-Libertyact" of that State: The Hon. Caleb Cuahing. it is tin- tion, was, in fact, no acceptance of the Constitution;ments on that day, and to meet at their respective Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency by a fanatical sectionalism,places of wornhip. and unite in humble prayer to Al- yet his election, of itself, does not constitute grounds for dissolu- atidiiig citizens, that they have still more recently dis-says The Winsicd (Conn.) Herald, received a liberal,order from Savannah for goods on the very day of Lin- deistood, in an address . which he is announced to de-tion or seeessiou from the Union; loyalty to the Union is para- mighty God for wwdom and Htren«th to meet the crisis mount to any such ©viL .tributed poison among tbe slaves of another Southern State, and inched them to poison, to assassinate, to bum, and havtr. by omisuRries. fermented insurrection throughout. the Southern StuteM, und that now tbey have Inaugurated a political party, ba:ed upon the doctrine of an "irrepressible conflict" of rightsthat the Union to be formeu waa intendedJo be for- ... liver at Newburyport this evening, will urge the adop-, crcr ; and that the adoption of the Constitution by thethrough which we are called to paw.Otvoo uod>r my band and *e«l of lh« Executivo Department,at th*"Capitol in M i u > d g m r i n > . t b i ^ . l ^ h nv7n\VK°'coln's election. The goods'*ordered were percussion tion of a similar proceeding upon the conservative elc- people of the States generally must be so unrestricted „.8 B X I A L MI^-SAttE BY THE GOVERNOR OP GEORGIA. tbe following resolutions: On Tuesday last Gov. Brown sent in the following,that party to the biahest offices in the Union aided by negro votes. Having nothing to hope for, and everything to feor'from- th" General Government, administered by such a party, and placing no further reliance in tire public faith of the Northern people, we do most cordially unite in the adoption of th* follow-• ingresolutions: , - _Retolved, That the election of Abraham Lluooln and Hannibal a . m l i n as Pro/idclit und Vice-President of the United States obgbt not to be and will uot be submitted-fo. • Retolved That we request the Legislature to anpounce this opinion, by resolution, at tbe earliest practicable momeut, andapodal message to the General Assembly :EXKCC?*VKDIWAXT*KST. J Miw.KOOisvji.iJi, Nov. 20, I860- 5of AbrahamLincolnb y a p u r e l vlows:D X A Rtary of State?TV th* General Attembly: . . .The official returns of the election for Electors, toCttRTts:supporters now loudly profeas^und will afford to theRetolved That Out Ccmstitutlon ot the United 8tates clearly east the vote of tbi* State for President and Vice- and distinctly (andby almost universal admission) provides tor Presidentof the~U*ited Statew, held on the 6th day of the rendition of slave* *«caping from labor or service into Free Statesto tbeir masters, or those to whom such service or thin month, have been received at this office from all biborisdue. The 2d section of the 4th article m the Con-AttK..gressive ground, throwing off abolition control, and Sou' hem section of our country inconclusive against the* demonstrating to the South their desir-a to protect ita the ck.iai that u Stute may, at pleasure, secede, andao*ballot, te> the election of Elector* lor Jfrosidcnt and VW-President oi the Ubited States.Itfe nivTaiertained that the Black RepubHcanStute. STUDENTS• *'—' OF NORTH CAROLINAFrom The Nationa?Intelligencer.a . proclamation of victory and thanksgiving. The The South has pleaded and renionstratad and warned•omtlLibertv bills, are clearly in violation of tue Coustitutmn, t«i;dimc to render the Fugitive Slave l>»w inoiierutive, and^inju- rious to the riKbt« of the citizensof the Slave States,'and that in pospiritofbravado,ormenace,but firmly andresolutely,weJdernand their repeal. ' • , JUeclred, That we oiuanot regard secession from the Cuiou oy tuty State which may have been aggrieved a* a Constitutional ST. T n this crisis unanimity of sent.ment among the remedy for wrongs sustained, because it involve* the absurdity oi a Government providing for its own destruction—but recog- nize the right of any people to resort to revolution, as a meojis of relief from any wrong and oppre»MiAn after all peaceful meansUNIVERSITY . #streets are paved "with dismounted cockades. Theanavaihngly. I t has demanded jastice,^^and been, metwith border niida. **It has aakod for eveatacu honenty,and has l^jen thi'eatened with deatruetion, It,.peth|4ouano longer. It complains no mote* It fails baclcupouihelastgireatri'^htofrevoh.iicu..' Atthisstageof-the fromtheUnion,iswet,byUaeantagonistic proposition^ ' matter^ihe duty of the North is unmiatakahle. By all that no State ma; secede except by the assent of the• the cons.iderationa of fellowHiuiienjihip, ordinarypartyha*triumphedoverus,a«dIja*electedUs^cana> ;A portion of the undergraduates of the University of North Carolina having recently .passed a senesoi re-olutionh in which thev assuine to speak, for the students of that respectable institution, and to pledge tbeir support to the cause of secession, it appears tluit another/ portion have felt themselves called to dioclaunhere?,-.'•.•.date* for Pre+ident and Vice-Pre*ident. The vote of K 3 therefore, change or effect the final reN O . XThe assertion that a State mav, at pleasure, secede/ ... ^.t w - . b l v whether harmony would not be pun of the General A ^ ^ m ^ t ^ ^ ^ lW e Chapel v... v-...-..---resolutions was adopted, and ordered to be-ptOiluiUed;B K A R CUSHINC—I «hall tender you the appointmentof Chief Justice us soon'tiH Taney—dies. Ana.NKWituRyi'ORT, Nov. 22.I accept, and have telegraphed to the captain of the James Gray to refrain from anv further hostile demon-OLDHAMCOUNTY,KENTUCKY.On the 19th inst., a meeting of citizeua held at Lacap* t. .. .P ACIFICPOLICY'•":.'••' SUGGESTED.Pennsylvania Leuislature is talked of, principally with•wjotxflr, mo. • JOSEPH E. BROWN. „ Grange, Ky., with but one dissenting voice, adopted and interes between the Northern and Southern people, and have, with unprecedented unanimity, elected .the candidates ofRetolved, That .the electionsectional party to the Presidency of tho United States, though deeply to be regretted, cannot be regarded by us as an injury ia itseff to b« redressed by any act which m»y disturb the interest of the Government or the peace of tbe country.These are movements ia the right direction. Theywill test tbe sincerity of the respect for the Consti- right of a State to secede from the Union, even, kse, tution and the Union -which ^ certain of Air. Lincoln's «irly as when the Couatitutioa waa adopted and the--P K A R AUR: thecountiesoftheState,exceptthecountyofTatnall,nitutUnoftheUnitedSt-^ssays:,"Nopersonholdtogress,ondtocooperatewiththeGovernorincallinguconven-••." '.'••ull'the arguments derived i>om the Constitution^ fro»*t '•'•';..Untilthisbedone,cordialivandcompletely,itisidletheoyiuionsofitafrumers,.andfrorhthegeneralthe^nrwhose vote cool.1 not change toe result.I have caused theee returna to be consolidated and"ervkeor labor in one State, undV th* laws thereof, escupinSinto another, shall, in consequence of any law or regulation •a&ted together, and find that no one of the ticket*, nor therein, be discharged from such aervice or labor, but shall be deUvwed up on claim of the party to whom sucb serviee or labor any individual upon any one of the^ ticket* run, re- m v b . duJl" The act of WW, commonly knowu as the FuptiveCurtis is to be Secretaiy of State. or to narade itself as par excellence the chief prop,of you see arrayed against individual or private judgment; All right. Diaonn imniediately. We shall repeal the theUnion^- ": ' «$&&? on-tile question, and the depute fari ripening into. aJBP Personal Liberty bill, and impeach Gov. Andrew i£ -It is proper, therefore, that in tha present cattical the proportions of the antagohism of States; io other be-results. . ETXRKTT. conoition of affairs a cWfiniie, and, if possible, a general words, of revolution, .^I this »tote of the case, itmnatceived a majority of all the votes ca*t aTsaid election. SlaveT^w, Is hi strict accordance with the spirit and uTM<"dug of The act of '<#d December, 1843, provide* in .such ca*e "he prvision ofthe Constitution, as above qiwled, w w t O ^ with justice and the rights of the slaveowners; and the legislativeDKAR YKADON:CHAKLUSTON, NOV. 22.P K A R LAC-OA TOIC*: I am in raptures. Gist fcas issuedeffort should be made at the North to afione • for past he obvious to you, that, mere private opinion, against'Remitted, That we further recommend that tbe Legislature that the General Assembly ahall proceed, by joint iuactm* tsof a portion of the Free States known a-the Per- take immediate steps to organize und arui the forces ot thefaith lcesae.Bn, and to affiwd pledgee of future h/delity.m«tre private opinion,,will settle nothing; whih* the c^nclution must be inavitable, that the hue -posit km of y«deral authority, to.f&x from avuiliag to compose the < trife,. w ill but aggravate the dilficuHy, by snpenidding ibe rsneoniand hor-aorsof civil war.. *have been exhausted, as one of which it c«r.not be deprived. Jle*i.lte4, That we invoke our brethren of the South to abstain fr<.in precipitate action, in their present condition of excitement, and assure them thot the people of Kentucky, .from their pecu- iar position, being the first to feel the wrong and Injustice com-;.-:•'•• • "—*-vNO. 4.SrHlNOI'lKLU, 111., NOV. 22.with this overture of concSitation, and, by the over-^ thi-ow of Abolition .-nullification;'' iudiakte a resolve to restore to;.tb"e Union its orfgjuialprotective efficacy.Moflt earnestly, isit to he hoj^d thut the movementThe question,of interest then is, how may the issue thua made be anthoritatively and satisfactorily settled 1 It huti occurred to the writer, that this can be ck>ne in one way only; and that is, under the Conatitutiou, by\-----which can have no practical effect, nor in any way pro- plained of at the bands 6t .the ¥x*>e> States, may be relied on to with the view of counteracting thejimprcssion dcsiguctttake the proper steps for redress and security, when time andinitiated by Judge Thomas in "Vom»nt, and to which the authorky whicit itsehr has made supreme for theMr. Cuahing is lending the weight of his talents and arbitrament of questions so purely judicial in their influence inMnssachnaetta, will ho extended to other charactw. The proper arbiter in the case lathe Su-Northern Statea without delays The crisis deraiiuda preme Court. To that tribunal the opponents. of ae-jwhile stinging under the consciousness of the self-im-posed destruction which inevitably awaits her, shehas grown abusive, even threatening; and her ptflpitund presses are made to reScho the most infamous lan-guage against us that envy slnd ignorance can suggestto the ulcered brains of their corrupt leadoss. Let may never suffer from the want of the raya of our them pursue that course, and ice ictll do our duty. luminary.' 'Intione were. " unanimously and enthusiastically eligible to hold arj}' offioe in tbe Government, andhia inauguiation. From The Washington Statet, 23d. .How TO ADJUST THB CRISIS.—VVe" yield tp a re- •quest and publish the following letterfrom a venerableother States, in the absence'of sueh justifiable cause, necessarily briugs upon the revolutionists the odium of treason. But while we so hold, we yet insist that it is due to the South*to demand inWe. the citizens of the Country of Lowndes, irrespective of all former party affuirs, and party issues, in primary meeting assem-favor them, at an early day, with his viewa on the " impending crisis," which I presume,he will do.WASHINGTON, NOV. 20, 1860. secession, and >ever was the " voice of the people":a To Hit Excellency Jatne* iiuehanawoccasion demand them. , to be produced by the previous manifesto:.^^ a m ^ r n ^ X A t ' l t r n : Charles J McDonald ' Retolved, That we invoke the wise and conservative men of W V students or the University of North O a n ^ a . b^eving strations against Fort Independence. The Lemmono i rffiSSSi voted for « Bfector j h o ^ v e d the h'rti: States to use their influence to arrest tbeir interfert j»ce that the resolutions udoftod by the secession ine»tlng held y«s»- case will bespoeiiily scttred. Give Butler the districtthehighest'voteofanypersoninthe 8te^«J«t M ' bytheir people in anyform,orunderanypretext,.withthfepe- culiar institution* of the Slave States, as matter, with whiojb they that^conld not atteu<(and cast gboW ^ # » . £ bare no concern, and over wbioh tlmy can exert to* rightful con-m S S of ticstudentsdoueiti»)rexpressnur.embody S O U S D U I of the mow* of the students, as thoy purport to da,tttii>r»eyt*hip. CiidHiKb; SpitiNOKiKi.n, 111., Nov* 22.'prduiputude; tohesitateistoirr.peiileverything. Aud the conservative Democrats, 'havmg striven tottvert the canity-which is now us. hir dooiv;- "uiay pfepSycevtiiinaits'-wiBii-'gtorefertbe itwue;the fjtivorera of it should be willing to join in that r^-fiEwence^ from the ftyit that that"Cccrt cannot be considered uufrioudlyam r e n t e d , therefore,dulousty avoid t'ae Uuoductiou oi' thia excitUi(5 uiiddastruotive subject ioto oux National Legislature..«..«»-.*.*-•-Hallett has app^ed for \t, but you shall a|l' be takent» Tbo.k, while u-e deeply depl«w the election of-a RepahHe*^ J care of. Tom hlwiug is to take hi* old pluco m Secircj- | udxe the lead in tliia iiual e/.ort to restore peace to the to thoir rights, and bvcuuav they have heretofore^ CM^SSSfSS&Sk the destiny of the vorld doVnotjbv K^S^t^SSaXSSSm tra I • and w e earnestly Implore oil patriots and all sections to ao- peud upou fch« poli"i«d vio^s Of b&U Y u»oay audbw ^ ^ ^MdUlWMMWhereat, Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin have beenelected President and Vice-President of the United States, and ions of specie, or of the Liverpool Steamships, wouldGod's blessing, we shall hereafter keep to ourselves.Thus, then, it will he seen that the Republican' •Noitb has committed—in her wanton aggression uponbecome convinced of the irreclaimable disposition of the offending States^ but many of the Free States of Noith and West, will join us in showing onr enemiessuch election, if not contrary to the letter, i» to the spirit of thedo the North .more mischief than they could inflict on us in a twelvemonth. This consideration of itself will oblige thenr to iejt us alone. We.of the South have no ships to be captured by way of retaliation.THE POSITIONS OF MR. STEPHENSvto communicate it to our Senators and. Representatives in Con tion of tho people to determine on the mode and measure of ro-Retolved, That we recommend the Legislature to take into im- mediate consideration the passage of such laws as Will be likely to ttlieviatejuiy unusual embarrasBiuent likely to result to the corr;mercial interest* of the State from present political euier-rightHin the undisturbed possession of tdave property.BOSTON, Noy* 22.- for the North to assail Southern advocates ot secession, of its Government. Indiitidual or private judxruent. .••-.,. ,Untitled Documentmrfft<*irciBt?&ittt&I'.,»...-...-.TM ,-,..-.- •-.•s(,t*UU,v*«y^Tw^ifiiV**«w>i< > w ^ i »:v M iiH«^: .8-«'J;,,,and confidently bope that they will prevail over tho*© whof £•'•2&ud%,Utie*' Northern Democraie win, we u y uet, xortnwithaddress tbcmeelves tothe only rwai*~waxin which the bloody scenes of the French Revolution wouldtbe bonnet is composed of white and black Georgia cotton, cov-them that he, the Georgian relative, had enrolled him- leader in any sense. The grievances of which she. further protection as the condition of. ita dependence action in our Northern friends, yet wo distinctly and emphatL about to arm and equip himself with tcniblo weapons has nothing like the population, tho resources, the amendments areA necessity, while, so far as the Nor*oy tlieraetEoneH of Marion, and which gave him so structions meet me at Washington, and I will at once of fugitive slaves. ..* a n y dauntless soidiere—old Pee Dee, unhoiJing the reugn into your hands all the official powder you have Reeolvcd, That w h i l e ' w e cannot too severely condemn such self among tbe Minute Men of that State, and was Complains, affect us ten times-more than, her, and she upon the Union. To the South, then, constitutionalquick atep under the Palmetto banner, and every son will be round it when they are needed.So, too, with the whole up-country. Hisoldcol- ieague,l>qUOrr, with whomhesatfor«bcyears, rideother night in Columbia that South Carolina could not cent political events, has engaged a large share of the MEADE COUNTY, KENTUCKY. spirit manifested by tbe valiant young Georgian by is a wine that needs ho sucb bush. If ever—which uutcd, the North must give to the Sonth assurance* wroid resistance withont dishonor. And the men of attention of our Legislature aince their meeting on the The citizens of Meade County, Ky., held a meeting procuring and transmitting to him a fulf and complete God forbid—a time should come when our people shall which will place its rights and intereata in the future t h e mountains would heed his voice, for they never had first W ednesday of the present month. At the outset, at Brandenburg on the 17th inst. The following reBO- equipment of warlike weapons, accompanying -the be unwilling to let the flag of the Union float over beyond the control of a sectional President or a sec- aftruer representative. . and up to a very recent date, a variety of opinions ex- lutions were adopted: B«ir.e with the following message of sympathy and them, Maryland hasabanner of her own—red with the* tional majority in either ^branch of Congress. AndYour obliged teilow-citiwKi,Bf. Charlcn Hotel, lyewOrleant,SHERRARD CLEMENS. La., Kor»15, i860.-what they are now engaged and contemplate doing; that it is theduty of the citizens of this country to submit to the laws of the Federal armies, and dissolving tbe cement of Union in Maryland herall-absorhing interest, and her importancejligation of a fanaticism which is incompatible witfi Government and the Constitutional notion of majorities at all sanguinary blood, these young ladies proceeded at in the solution Of the sectional problem. Most of all the country's unity.and^ * ^ » ^ n s e of Southern honor. He stated the I tie subject of Federal relations, growing out of Ve- id "thot this Union must and shall be preserved." signify tbeir admiration and approval of the belligerent " Palmetto" banner. The good old blood of Maryland should seek to shirk. If the Union is to be perpe*-We come, then, a unit in the prosecution of tHsisted among, the members, and serious conflicts were Whereat, South Carolina and other of the Southern States are cheer:' •,..' '•• '-: • •",' glories of the Revolution, and well known to South these assurances, to be satisfactory, must oegin withat eauee. We go before liatory, and stand before apprehended. These differences were not a little in- threatening a dissolution of the Union and an alarming state of Dear — : Although any demonstration in favor of your Carolina then—which she o&n unfurl, and be proud of the repeal of Northern nullifying laws, and end withitnonnal oi public opiiion with a violated Consti- tensified and widened by the presence and active inter- excitement seems to pervade the extreme South, endangering the protect might by the Federal officers bo regarded a<t treason, for its memories, though she sorrow over the need of such new constitutional guaranties as may be fotuad,peace and quiet of the rnnion, seriously menacing the integrity,tution in one hand, and our sacred liberties, rescued position of certain distmguished gentlemen, not mem- prosperity, and perpetuity of the Confederacy; and whereat, tho still, after due deliberationi we, the undersigned, unite in do- its return. We do not remember that Maryland had after f. ee conference, essential to the maintenance offrom pollution, in the other. Wre have a sacred cause. bers, who were brought together at the capital by the proceedings in the public assemblages where tbi». undue excite- nating, for your especial use, the inclosed instruments of death; much consolation or help frbmthe "Palmetto" in those tl.e sovereignty and the interests of the elaveholdinrW e are about to breakup this Union. The time for unusual interest in public affairs. An active canvass ment exists clearly indicate that they look for sympathy and ferventlyhoping that no disgrace may attach to them by this act days of straggle. If we remember aright, the facts Stated • ^State from the Union which has become accursed,Will uO»almost nightly, up to the present tiiqe. Some impetu- party, That the election of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency ocs spirits, driven from their discretion by a deep sense however much we may deplore it, furnishes no sufficient causeiAW tnm teet b e T O r e t b ^ 9? ^ J ? * 8* tribunal of his-The weapons transmited to the fiery "Minute Man"of wrong, openly advocated an- immediate separation to dissolve the Union, W e deny that the election of any man were, of course, of the most improved Northern inven- the'world will only help to make more serious.r was entered upon and prosecuted, and speeches, either succor to the Border Slave States in their unwarrantable and un- of ours, but that by their aid additional luster may be shed upon we: e iather the other way. We pray our " Palmetto"•• From TKe Coiumbut, (Ga.) Sun, 2ltt. EUFAL'LA, Ala.r Not. 17, 1860.To the Editor cf The Columbut Sun. . GKNTS: Conceding that you have a perfect right teadvoealomibmiwiiori to fxixting causes hi our General Gov«r»- n3<;nt, and to admit nhailturviewnjuto j-our p»p«r, we, your »ab- scribern, at the oauip time claim the right to discontinue yoar£mon-**ving is past; the time for compromises is pa«t. hallowed designs upon the Government: therefore, be it. Jfothmg, aye nothing, except the withdrawal ofthia inflammatory or appealing fo» moderation, were made, Retolved, By the citizens of Meade County irrespective ofthe military.glory of our world-renowned countrymen.fellow-citizens, therefore, to set a truce to tbeir non- sense. They may make a good cause ridiculous, and induce men to laugh at a crisis, which air the folly inby eonstitutionei means, con of itself, furnish any justificationT£ZL ? r f t i , ^ l l u P tbw countrv." John Rnt- of Georgia from the Federal Union through the means tor the disruption of the Government. tion and manufacture. To what patent the fire-arm "* From The Atlanta (Go.) Confederacy, Zitt.c of legislative action, thereby asstiming to the Legisla- - P.Sioivcd, That we shall regard Mr. Lincoln, when legally l-elongs we do not know;/ but it is an exceedingly' No man who has at all studied the history of the pnj;«;r;, OMadvo<-utingviotv» which w« conrider diithoaorable, w»- Jedge of South Carolina did more tbihi any man to ture a power to destroy that which nobody in his senses inducted .into office, as tho legally constituted President of tho light, elegant, and comfortable piece of land artillery times has failed to see that the great evil which, now satc.and. at thia juncture, uubeoomipg « fren and intelligent peo- achieve onr hbertieH^avo George Washington; and ever supposed they had the power to create. This ex- United States, mid shall sustain and uphold him in th-Je proper to manage. It discharges its projectile, not by mean's agitates the country and overthrows a powerful Em- ple : therefore «-nd ho-more of your papers to the undersigned. old Cbrwtopher Gudsdeu-another South Carolinian— treme measure, strange to say, was advocated within and just performance of ull his Constitutional duties us good and of the expansive force of ignited powder (filthy and pire, has been brought about by our Southern aubmU- Johu McKob, Young,Wood ic Co., B. B. Young, Junius Jordaa, initiated the great movement: Marion and Sumter loyal citizens should do. W. t. Brarnon Jow;ph Darling, Redd & Preer. J. T. KendaU. Jcept the fires of our hberty burning while in clanger of extraoruinary degree of energy and zeal, by a few of Resolved, That under tho Federal Constitution the States pos- vulgar material for gentlemanly soldiery to employ), 8io?i orators, and, the newspapers which have circu- Hurt A- ( Jurlc. 'ihonjaa Berry, A. J. Carver, T. Jordan, Thoa. &.*f•'?going out in darkr.ew* and gloom.Onr second war was carried through.by Carolinathe most distinguished gentlemen of the State.Just here we would take occasion to do an act ofsexN no right to secede from the Union, and no power to nullify a hut through the agency of a spring; and, by the econ- lated their po-ison and instilled it into tlte minds of Smart, W. 8. Smart, S. A. "Welborn, SHmuel Jonee, W, Gvafter to be.mado, by any State, or any number of States, to do atateeinen. We. have built up this Government from. justice to our immediate Representative, Julian Hart- either one or the other, Is a violation of tho Constitution, an actlaw of Congress; and that any attempt heretofore made, or here-omical expedient of attaching,^ cord to the bullet, thathonest, patriotic, but unthinking readers. We haVeItoquemore, C. J. Pope, VV. A. Marfcham, Lawrenceville.ITie above card appeared in The Times of Tuesday morning. A copy of the same was received by the editors of The Sun on Monday. On its receipt the bookkeeper was ordered to erase the names from the moil book. There we intended to let the matter rest (not suspecting the seceders were seeking notoriety), upon the principle that these gentlemen had a perfect right to their opinions, and a right to Jbeetow- on us or withhold their pittance of patronage at pleasure. Bnt since they have choeen to make the disunion sheet of this city tbe medium through which to tell, all the world and the "rest of mankind," how monstrous a submis- siorist we are, and bow terrible the vengeance tbeyhave visited on tbe poor printer for daring to entertain and expi ess an opjnion of the extent of violated righle and the proper remedies therefor, and'how they, awaydeadly messenger hrrecovered again after each dis-corner stone to turret, and now we mean to tear it ridge, eso., who, through imperfect information con- of bad faith to the Government, and subversive of the peace and charge, and made to repeat ils sanguinary and destruc- those pernicious teachings. We implored the' peopleseen, all along, their effects, and battled hard against down from the foundation to turret. Why ? history cerning the measures introduced by-him. in the House fraternity of the States, tive mission- The sword destined for the side of the tit the North not to listen to the submiscion party here,I -.i*-•.•we were induced to believe favored this extreme opin- Retolved, That we recognize tho right of revolution or a resort valorous Georgian is an equally elegant article. Its and the false doctrines and inferences of their presseg.will ask us. It i* because it has been made by Black to arms, when demanded by intolerable abus«* of tho legal au- Republican fanaticism a hostilegovernment in our very ion. His preamble and resolution will be found else- thority of the Government, or when tyranny shall Ipave theWe besought them to pause ere it was too late in their aggression' upon our rights—warning them, if theyblade, a tbin lance of_ some white metal which slightly ret-dhbles silver, but isn't silver, rivals the Damascene in pliability, however differently it may compare with it mother qualities. . .has been right because it believed that Slavery was in Another opinion was, that the Legislature should eneigy, zeal, and courage we can command against all attacks guilty of so much treason :is this, hoping that this par- it hot. They urged, in reply to our remonstrances,where (now for the first timepublished), from which it people thereof no choice but slavery or-war;.and should such anxnidtft. Its powers i«re about to pass into the hands ofa sectional majority, which majority declares Slavervahall die, and they will put the scepter of power in thohands 01 a-man who baa said that the Northern mind- Legislature. - >.*•.•.• movably by, support,,and sustain the Union ivith all the strength,occusion ever.arise (.which we by no means anticipate), we shall a; rion, but simply an expression of sentiment, by the not hcHtntc what course to pursue.will be seen that he contemplated no final and decidedSersisted, that a fearful day of reckouiiig was not far istsvnt. But our voice of warning proved ineffectual— We suppress the names of the ladies who have been as the sounding of a tinkling cymbal—and they heededfrom without or within and against ultraists, whether they be of the South or Noith. .is about to,.pass into the hands of a man hoHtile to thegreat interests of the South that we are about to tear' mission" or "Resistance,"- and that the Legislature giance to it and the General Govcrmpent is more sacred than ourtial exposure will be punishment severe enough.[Buffalo Express. A BUSINESS MAN'S VIEWS OF TRADE.that we were mistaken in our views, and that a very large portion of our people, and the news- papers which represented their views, were•process of extinction. It in because the Government order'an election, to be held at an early day, in whichto their decision. to any faction, party, or man. VV'o do not belong to the North nor to the South, biit to the Union, and for this we are willing to•,down this Union. How nhall we do it ?' His answer was by the sovereign act of the sovereignRetolved, That the whole country is ojjr country, and our. alle- should take immediate steps for giving a practical effect love for anv man, party, or section; and stronger than our hatredThe' Southern Confederacy contains the following: in favor of submitting to any act of aggres- ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 20, 1860V sion that'raight be practised upon us—indeed that wethe people should decide whether they were for " Sub-.ii/•*•- ,s/'.I«.••*•'nLRetolved, Ihot, as far as depends upon us, we will stand imA third party advocated the calling of a convention sacrifice, If needful, our'lives and our fortunes.said months ago, that if South Carolina falter*, the to whom all questions arising from the present condi- Retolved, That we say to Our brethren of tise extremo South, Lynch & Co., in your paper of yesterday, in answer couise. we have concluded to take issue with them, andStale of South Carolina. He would tell them what heneckofthisSouth*mmovementwaabroken.Be-tionofFederalaffairsshouldbesubmittedforafinalthat,inalljustandlawfulundertakingslookingtothesafetyand to"mineonthesubjectofthesaleofHmper'sWeekly,une,boldlyandioutspokenlyasserted.Tothisfatalgeewhoistheworstsubniissionist.i" demands attention." cauee is the lamentable effect to be traced—lamentableVice-President was effected according to the forms of you: " Let prudence govern your counsels, and the letter of the publicans of the deepest dye, or they would have al- Providence it may be. While we cried " danger andter bow wildly rages the tempest in the others, the ,. the Constitution, we should therefore quietly submit law your actions." lowed no such matter published as has appeared in breakers ahead," another class of our Southern Peopleenemy will look for reace and quiet. Resolved, That the relative position of Kentucky and the other those papers lately. And I further say that those who called out " no danger, all's clear!" We could not She was John the Baptist of the revolution, and it L* and Tfsist their government only when they shall at- border Slave States exposes them to whatever peril there is in convince the people of the North that we were indeci.-ion. .We have heard of none who considered there security cf your property, we are with you; but that wo coiinot sever the ties that bind us to our country and our Constitution differences, she is everywhere looked upon as the *en- was no grievance requiring the action of the State, and Ibr your stikes alone; and, regarding disunion us unlawful and un-These gentlemen, we understand, are for immediate secession from the Union, without even waiting to con- sult the people of the Siate in which they live, much Ws th« other Slave States. That is tbe resistance they propote for violated constitutional rights—and the pro>canfcc of the unanimity of her people, without partyespecially to.tbe misguided North. To our own peo-In reply, I have to say that the editors of Harper's ple are weindebted for the result, whatever, in God's tinel upon tbe watch-tower, and it* ebe sleeps, no mat- that, as the election of a Republican President and righteous and as a remedy for no existing evil, we, would say to Weekly^ and Illustrated News are evidently Black Re-Co.'s communication is, that they intend to continue toreceive and sell these publications, returning only such, tion is beginning to be realized by them; and terribleAfter a few days' deliberation, th which they werezens then on a visit to the scat of Government, the Com- or States seceding, we ore with the South in resisting such ing States. A tax of 2o per cent on the produets of theright, their Legislature wiid they had the right, theythemselvessavtheyhavethe right, he naid they hati aidedbythecounselofa.numberofdistinguishedciti- fHKefolrcd, Ihiit,if anattemptatcoercionsmadeuponaState forthelait.twenty-lonrhoursonthesubjectofsubmit- events. ' - ."'*;'• wit:tieworkingclassesandtbefarmersoftheoffend-•tbe right, and*by heaven nothing but the strong hand mittee, through Mr. Kirig, their Chairmau, reported a shall put it dowu !effort... • ..' ting to a Black Republican rule, and I have come to We had the pleasure of traveling from Savannah to farms,workshops,and manufactories of the offending Retolved; That wo are loyal, Union-loving citizens of Ken- this conclusion: I have a son fifteen years old, and Macon, on Saturday hist, with one of the leading Lan-tucky, but we. uro loyal and true only to a. Union of free, inde- every dollar I htive earned for the last eighteen years, cashire cotton manufacturers—a Mr. Paley of Preston States will exclude their products from Georgia, and pendent and equal sovereign' States.- such as was won for us by at your disposal to aid in defending the rights of Ala- —who was on his route to New-Ocleans t,o establish introduce in their place the products and manufactures :Wednesdav in January, 1860, to a State Convention,to asternlie at the Capitol on the 16th of the samemonth. The bill, as reported, was forthwith taken upby the Senate, and passed' unanimously as a substitutefor a bill introduced by Mr. Hill of Troupe, not materially ditttiing, which was' then on its passage. It wasimmediately sent to the House of Representatives,. other course they could pursue.part of the North. He pictured, with u power and force altogether irresistible, the appearance of the Wil eona, SumneT?*, Bnrfinc:ame« at foreign courts, which convoked the whole audience with laughter and bareta of applause. sIn conclusion, he said that the principle of the Black Republican party wax. that fidelity to the Constitution is treasonable to'the higher law.-' He would tell them, in answer, that loyalty to the Union in treaxon to the S^nth. They tell UHthev have the Government, and they intend to wield all its powers for bur overthrow, and they tell us that resistance i« treason. He would tell tl e people of the South that submission is slavery, and, when he was called upon to choose whether he would be a traitor or. a slave, God help him, he would be a traitor. Let us unfnrl tbe flag, and, with the 3word of State, cut the bond* of thi* accursed Union'STATE PAPERS.PROCLAMATION BY GOV. BROWN OF"GEOROIA.Our lot has he*en cast in a pleasant land. Our father* under the guidance and protection of the Almighty Ruler of the Universe achieved our independence, and transmitted to us a rich inheritance of freedom and con- stitutional liberty, in the enjoyment of which we have been greatly bles*ed.every good person. Those libertieK and constitutional anv such act of oppression now exists a* to justify such ex- des County, Ga.,.ori the 13th, and adopted the follow- them will favor us.with a speech. I saw a request to lines be-obliterated, and Jet a community of interest, sent every hope and means by which existing difficul-where, after tbe necessary readings, it was_paased, with simihu- unanimitv, on Tuesday last. It was also promptly signed oy the Governor. .The election oi Delegates is now a duty devolving on the people. We have no, doubt the motto of our great State—u Wisdom, Justice, and Moderation "— will be their guides in the discharge of this high and solemn exercise of their sovereignty. We can only repeat the admonitions we have heretofore given in tbete columiiS, and exhort them to the exerciseof a har-Retolved, That- these resolutions be published in The Eliza- and all other Kentucky papers. -SCRIVEN COUNTY, GEORGIA. '•',"-The ". Scriven Troop," a volunteer cavalry corps,held a meeting on the 17th, and passed the followingresolutions:out father i, and. bound together by the ties of mutual affection and regard.bama, or the Sonth. Yours, &o.,PRIV A TEERING SUGGESTED.*sof such Free States as respect our rights. In thatRetolved, That, in our opinion, the Northern. States should cleanse their statute books of all laws interfering with and inimi- cal to the interests of their Southern sisters, and that such a wife, prudent and just course upon their part would tend m«roThe following letter appeared in Tlie N. Y. Journal of Commerce of Saturday:an agency there, for the purpose of supply his ownfactories with ajl the cotton he requires, direct from article we appealed to the patriotism of the Legislature the Ciescent City. Mr. Paley was accompanied by his to eschew all party feeling, and pass the taxing pro-#4 to appease and quiet tho convulsions of tho country than any*GI.HNN SPRINGS, 8. C , Nov. 19, I860; The North threatens us with the employment of thechief buyer, one of the keenest"of the Liverpool cot-ton men: and though he was not as communicative ashis employer, we. had evidence from both that othervisions of the bill into a law. Does this look like the advocacy of submission^ on our part for past or present wrongs? Our plan is resistance within the Union-, while that of the Eufaula secedera, being immediatemanufacturers are now on their way to establish agen-bethtotcn Democrat, Louihnlle Courier, Journal. and Democrat, U. S. Navy to blockade our ports, and says that we cies in our Southern cities, for the purchase and direct secession, does violence to the rights of every citizen,letters of marque? Would not Northern capitalists in abundance; and we .can supply them without theWe shall continue to advocate such and like euh- miss-ion until our enemies are tauj/ht to respect onr rights^ or, until they prove themselves so far beyondand seamen come down and fit out privateers to prey on the opulent commerce of, their neighbors, even as now they carry on the slave-trade?' The capture of one of the California galleons with two or• three mill-interposition of purse-proud Northern commission mercbartte, who have grown fat, arrogant, and saucyThe Milledgeville correspondent of ThiSnvannakWith"these few hanidly-written remarks, we leave •tbe seceders from the Sun in their glory, wiahing theyRepublican thus writes:It peenas we arc never to be done seeing great meU Every Southern man will do his duty—he must do it,MlLLKDOKVILtE, NOV. 19.a« Vice-Prosident should hot be allowed. ,'.. ' • ,< arrive at the capital. Since my last, Dr. MiUer, Maj. he cannot put it off; delay is dangerous, aud willbunks resume to-morrow.Who is to he Collector VYKIOOJ*., . • ' ' • 'Willingly. .NO.2..'BOHTON, Nov, 22. o. T^ c^. .\NO. 1.SE'RiNOviEr.D, lir., Nov. 22.W5SB83efToitS;aieeusteh^bywbatis called "the modera** i*The dress is made in fashionable style, a la Gabrielle, aud wing'' o/ ^eBkck^pablicau party. We sballaSthemselves to tree the North from the stigma of nu!H- ficatnn. -, . -p, °considerable advance, unquestionably. But its chief value will consist in the indication it will afford of a disposition on tbejpartof the Northern people Ut cul- tivate anew the friendly feelings which are now, tra- We noticed, in our local columns of yesterday, the happily, almost extinct. To be practically important,From ,The Baltimore fjrchansfc, Nop. 24,aringing S. H. Taylor, Guilford Nicholson, Alcee Dupree, Committee on pathy of our people with their Southern brethren, and Southern—policy. The precise nature of these meas-aZTfZiw 1i , *° argue, it was reason erations. I thank God 1 I have lived to 'do you some TOTO be it ' • • how) have recently been guilty of a grave and con- little Commonwealth in question has been in a chronic of attachment to the Union,, amendments having thia S S ^ , * " » M « for him—Old Colleton, mindfti: service in this crisis. I shall resume my seat at the. Retotved, B y the people of Breckinridge County assembled, tendency will not be refused. With its numericalsections of the nation; that we deeply regret that our Northern^eo^ee^ every single inch of whose soil is hallowed be dignified with the.name of patriotism, let your in- tion of those States which have attempted by law to resist, evade, or .nullify the laws of the United States for the renditionperiod both branches of Congress will be on its side, the North has nothing to apprehend from the con- cessions we suggest. With the South the case is dif-my voice, I shall resist the consummation of this great wrong against the Constitution andjhe laws.brethreii should have seen proper to depart from onoiont usage, .to put up candidates for the Presidency and Vice-Presidency fromcnjpiits consists in nothing lees heinous and unpatrioticwas no wolf in the field, is to be attributed, pet-hap*more thamto anything else, the little importance which 1 shall obey no con.mand except "that which comes the same section of the Union and elect them by a party whose bnt even material and suhatantialftid to tho conspiring, the sectional fanatics of the North arc disposed toMINOR ITEMS;Am AND.COCNTKNANCK TO THE S'KCKnKR8.<—A posed^to regard SouthCarolinaastheexclusivearbi- additional guaranties which.itsWisest„citizens prtvparty of young ladies in this city, as we inciclen*.ally ter of Southern fortunes, or tbe only representative of nouhce requisite., ..there,'can, we think, ^<>*no doubt.t h a w h e n h e rtm> It is not necessary now to enlarge upon these consid- South, where they oro to be found in this alarming cilais; where- learn (through the police, perhaps—wo do not say Southern intelligence and spirit. The inflammable If there be any sincerity in the Northern profession*without distinction of party, that we deplore the present unhap- structively treasonable act, which we cannot suffer to state of bluster for many years past, and to the factcommencement of the session, and by my vote and by py state of feeling existing betweerrthe Northernand Southern pnss unknown to the public. The offense of these fair that she has ciied "wolfP*v so frequently, when there preponderance, and tbe certainty that at no remoteoTWrn. Lowndes, she too will «well the column, andJeare not a aii gfc laggard son behind. And their ownIjroDdcaty, to save which from A foreign foe, and frometeraal dishonor, tbe arm of every mm of the StateJgmid be gladly extended, their own city comes npflte one man, to redeem the honor of tbe State, and to from you. If you should differ in opinion with me; if, main principle is exterminating war against a vital: institution o trenfion-plotting dinnnioniatfl of the- Southern States. attach to the realand deep earnest of the present crisis. ferent. Politically considered, it has much to dread at acfijevetheindependenceoftheSouth.AndOld youshouldthinkthattreasontotheConfederacyshould theSouth;thatwecondemnandpronouncetreasonabletheacthan lending, not alone sympathy and encouragement,Havingrecentlyreceiveda"letterfromarelative,a We object,.^therefore,moststrenuouslytoSouth thehandsofadverseCongressionalmajorities,whileyoung man resident in the State of Georgia, informingCarolina's being regarded as our example or our in it* industrial and social relations it isentitled to seek" dare, not submit the question of secession to the peo-Col. GAI/LDINO: The communication of Messrs. M. ple"—as Greeley, in a late issue of his infamous Trib- down in the-City of Eufaula, will not tolerate ourtcitkn they offer to the institution of Slavery against tempt an act of overt aggression. the Union from an aggressive anti-Slavery sentiment in the continue to sell them, whether they contain obnoxious • earnest wh.cn we spoke of severing our connection with its eiiemi s in the Free States.take the advice of the Submissions U here, instead— and now, when too late, the fearful truth of our posi-have no navy toJ^eist her. True, but cannot we issue exportation of cotton. They have gold and shipping and is tie very worst form of submission.ujon the profits of our trade—profits which,' with, rrd»n:pt ion, that not only tbe Slave States will have 'r Xet all, then, rally early, and at once, l^et party ami prominent citizen to tbe.Presideut, deairing to pre-&deracy of States. A dark cloud hangs over thefuture. In this »tate of things it becomes us as a people every Constitutional mode the repeal of the unjust and tknutkal bled, considering that tbe Union of these States was formed for . fudging from the number (several^thousand) of extra nearer approach to; the " voice of God" than it will Sm: You are aware that the proposition that a Stateto humble ourselves in the presence of God, and to pray that he will insjire our hearts with wisdom and courage, and nerve our arms with atrength, to detend ourngbts against every aggression, and perpetuate our liberties te the latent generation. 'Therefore, I, Joeepb E. Brown, Governor ot theState of Georgia, do hereby set apart and appomtmight secede from' tbe Union, waa submitted prior te the adoption of the. Federal Constitution; that it waa: * urged by New-York that the right to accede ahould be -legislation by Northern States, "which assumeo to obstruct the rights of the South in the execution of the Fugitive Stave law, mid to demand of Congress such laws, as will punish as traitors those who obstruct by force the execution of said Iaw—if the offending States refuse to repeal tbeir unconstitutional eaact-Reutved, That the fanatical and unconstitutional legislation of any separate State, however unjust to the right of sister States, constitutes n c just cause of complaint against the Federal Gov- erijnien*, so long as it continues to pos^e^s the power and thethe protection of out persons and property on the basis of an equulity of rights; but th&t tho Government, perverted, from its orlj.in.1 derign, now fails to protect either, aud instead thereof, and in violation of all good faith, has, by a systematic course of unfriendly legislation, tinully reduced the Southern members of the Confederacy to a state of inequality and dependence, and, consideiinffthat a majority of the Northern States have not only violated the yo. itive requirements of the Constitution by bostilo and insulting Legislative enactments, but that the General Gov- ernment has totally failed, either from want of will or power, tocopies of The S. Recorder, containing Mr, Stephens's speech, sent by memberstotheir constituents, I must con- clude tnatpbis positions are very laVgely indorsed by this General Assembly. The position of Messrs.,Cobb and Tcombs, to usurp the sword if the State did not give it to them, is openly avowed as the position of many prominent members and outsiders. They say a few men tossed the teas overboard at Boston, and a, few men am toss the State of Georgia out of this Union.SNAPPISH. •Tie Savannah Republican ha* this paragraph:.One of our leading manufacturing establishments:ment of IVlaF.sachusett8; .and an early meeting of the- as not only to.imply, but aecure-the contemplated .per- .-p.etuity. You am aware that this view, at that titae, s The Boston^ correspondent of The Springfield. Re- the view of obliterating the Anti-Fugitive slave law prevailed in and,govesrued all tbe States, South Caro--lina included: thai New-York, apon that reply of MJH- puhl-ican Suggests that the country might, be. quite, enactment, which disgraces the. statute-book of that diaon, yielded, and rwtd« her n*t«ent to the Uonatitiitionupacified by a series of telegraphic dispatches, as fol- Commonwealth. unconoitional; and that so waA negatived tbe asserted...l e t every county express its voice united in favor of be in *.is instance. [r,' Let the people of Georgia act promptly for them- •selves, and not wait to see now any other State willact. This is the. course that beeome« a free, enlighten- conceded to her in caae certain amendments to the Con-stitution, which she favored, should not be edopted ed, and independent people—and this is the only oourso within a specified time, as a condition upon which shethat the people <,f Georgia, can with hpnor purwue—the.only course that they will follow. May'God defend., should oe allowed to accede to the Constitution and .Union vjas formed.Will you accept the office of Secre-. nullifying States an opportunity of retracing their ag- That history,, Sir, you ob>»wc, is now deemed ja the*BO.HTOSI, Nov, 22. •DKAR IIKORKK—Send on and got a nigger to tsat ourloyalty. HALIKTT.people of the United StWes, expressed in the suvne- equity and > busuiess interest, it Is bouna to advance mnuner us that by which the Union was formed.:***i Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069m*mimwww.fultonhistory.com 