 .'-;>. "SI.eht Ha* far totiiBOsniy oocapaacy. Wr Morrtt wuald not try knows that so such party exists here,aaB tip the rtaohttion this mornlag.Mr. BSirrm.ia, (rep.) of ubie, and otters objected.ran rsoseKD rrswisATY oix «TauTTm or m nsmt. Mr. Montr oanrr, (A. I. dent.) ef Pa.tpr—il open theattentato of the House his previoas motion to appoint Mr, posed to each other as they are to the rec—Scans. them as becomes a freeman on this aoor. The gentlemanfrom Pennsylvania referred to tte manner In which ef an were elected here. For my part, I never 1 to inquire bow any man has been elected to a>m.*fa pit that whether ahe or his— hours, and ccmxeenead the exammanon of—who have been sabpnmaed from 3arBnr*s Ferry Corwia, (rep.) of Ctoio, tempnrary Sseakor, fur the purpose luntary withdrawal ef some of the mstobion•sf ttn dhaao- vicinity. The facto thus far elicited at* theeaiBc thai of pasnng a Ttenciency biQ. He said we are indebted to cratic or of tne South American parties, sufficient to giveat the tonal at Chartostowa. ~~ tteNortt.There have been no the public mail contractors of the country four mUIioas of the republicans the majority, or by the ado—oa of the_floor Tha a not my business. But inas-to thoroughlyinwafigaied.party, but it a the debt of the whole people of the Uniontntion.candenounce the Dred Scottmorrow mormng s cock crows if necessary, in order to not if these walls should otherwae fall down upon me and elect a Speaker. Let us show that we will not feast upon crush me. (Continued applause.) 1 never understood,(Several democrats cried out" Fmtth it")Mr. POSTS*—Will tte gentleman from South Carolina has ever iiilnesserl would be enacted is this country. I:fonaedttMon that he b*M himself aaraonaUy reoponiibte in the House or elsewhere far Uo Porter and Dunn than i rasas a then* dedara-tte good ahtegs of tte world while our constituents, whilette creditors of tte country, are in danger of bankruptcy.I am to favor of tte plurality rule, and, sooner or later, itmnst he adopted. Let us do what wo can to organise,aad let those who will not join us in our efforts take the "Good, goat,'- from tte democratic benches.) I never responsibility, aad stand before the country responsible intend to he sold into the arms and embraces ef thewould be but bleed, blood, blood, and tte utter «nrtini»_ tieu of that very race for whose freedom ttey are for a variety of motives contenflinp'is a new diodonur-. and ntensines the disjikoof hisre- ;V organ:nation oi tt»«- Honse.Mr. STSVT-V* ^-Dn you consider that A.iatna was properthe proposers of it, that such a rule is unconstitutional in endorsed tte Dred Scott decision?**mmmm,Jan. ft, IS**.f AHttatOl llwtS 1 * f MBit, mttm H m*The attentton of tte whole crriiiaed world, ana ef tte TJnitod States in •particular, has bean directed to tte slavery question with more than iiwui eainrMiwa aad ia tensity of feeling by tte John Brown raid. This event hasfoundalargenumberofapotogatoattheNorth,whe probably IIBBIBSIII nettling about the ntfcm of tta aha tttton sf shivery or the horrible mnenqiieBcea of a aogreaa wbesa saadlrectod sympathy or area le designs would phmge tte country into all tte horrem of a bloody civil war.In order to five a true idea o. tte brutal <*»g«^tr ofMr. hT^oaaa, (A.L. dem ) of SL,erla*ed a reeotctioa,whichwasraniforinfbrn—Ion,thatthe.'faperiBtei.lent try. Idonotrisetomakeaspeech,but-implyto*of Pubac Buftengs ho direotad to replace the desks and how can the Boose be organired? a them spyallthat time. (Qrisfof"loader, ipsati.ilskip.(CostiB-jediaaghtar.)1neverexpectedtoge Just hold on, and I will tadt loud enough for ato that chair, bat that paper was nsod for tte pcrposthey were in this Hall pseetoaa to their removal, to do oo, he he directed to prepare theparty here able to urgaSlsa the House? Is there aay parry en this UTCT with tte aeaamarj map) rity? Vow. every man in this assembly, the whole coonghat daring these five weeks I abstained treat a moment of tine of tha House, and I aould so to the end of tta controversy hut •as of the genikiman front Pennsylvaeiaof operating*gs'Biit'aalainSenas, and was used, toe,certain gentlemra OBthe other side.Mr. PORTS*—.he word here, str.m thasideof tt b/nor a republican debt, nor is it ah American debt, but a riple the adoption ef this rule can be easnsmgf hithat I was elected here. I was elected by a rnajarity votes. I was elected as a democrat, and eeebes I made in that contest I declared at ssVthat 1was a democrat, and that I never crossed A, T or dotted an 1 from that line of politics. (Apphuae from tte democratic benches) I challenge that gentleman, and I challenge any man on tta floor, or any man in my Congressional district, to say that F ever made a speech wherein I aad not make that candid declaration. I ranagainst a danwerat as an independent man, and as an anti- • Leeompam democrat denouncing that measure, and that ' measure atone, of tta administration. I have notstill r—litre its SB—ons from day to national debt. It a sot the debt of any maa or of anyit upon the .'round that it is necessary that a majority should torn n the choice of a Speaker batons a Speakerand the credit, the faith, the honor and the integrity of of LheHouaeto this nabea are involved in it I, for one, am unwilling bemg the two that the aatiunal honor and the national credit shall be mpaired by the failure of Congress to the pay a debt wham we all owe. These debts will have to be poM some time, and why, I ask, ant pay them as honest men? The money is das, and we are in while the faith of the a a t a s a pledged to those men. I oak, a It fair on the part of oar republican frienda, who objoct to the resolution tor the appointment of atenv porary Speaker, to come to the House and take advantage of tie exigencies of the nation to force an organisation upon us? All we ask them to do a to pass a resolution for a temporary Chairman, and during the exercise of his Data denounced both Dunn and temporary power wo could pass an appropriation bill which would" redeem the credit of the nation and dis- charge the debt we owe to the public creditors of thecountry.do it, and u* a majoritya committee and gives authority to tl delegate a man to occupy that chair, we ceptsneh. forwe mast submit to tte majority, if,jority acea St in tha exigency to mlopt tteMr. Annus—Just wait a moment. I uave tte iioor. •he negro race when they rise against thatr superiors, weballot. Asaad Mr. Porter's production of a copy off tte SmU-a Dougha organ in Indawapofa, which aontain. d a hts friends would adopt the plurality rule for tte purpose for their acts. I am in favor of the plurality rule aa tte republican party because of my adhesion to my presentMr. MITKS (evidently encouraging apparent tenden- eiea)—I yielded to the gentleman from Indiana in orderof Davis' speech referred to, and watch sus- them, produced tte mom profooad saneabon, and the general opinion prevailing to-night is that! all—II 11of organixing tte House.Mr MoimsojEsax—If 1 was oven willing to accept theone most likely to put an end to this stole of things. There was a call of the House preliminary to a vote forSpeaker.Mr. Jons Corsouxa, (dem ) of N. Y., said there wasdoctrines.Mr. Hhwaax—T understand that. But T desire very much to ask a question.Mr. Dava—Certainly, sir.Mr. HICSHAS—The gentleman states that to tea can- vass he represented himself as an anti-Leoompton demo| posed to yield for a purpose to which his colleague ob- jects, ft would be obviously unfairMr. POBTKB—1 wish to call the House back.Mr. Bi. snail—Better a«tjourn. (Cries of " Adjourn'.")in the United States and the West Indies, their first sua was te set fire to the houses of tte whites, and in the oca fusion which ensued to massacre tte 'msa-trw There baajnetams die a—ouaeemeat expressed in that cerreeponeeaea two weeha aaee. I am ini'ermed tt*ti the gsnile- ask J it :s not for toe purpose of forcing upon ui n <>r BMOIalluded to by Mr M3es as coinciding with aim Bom- ;.Haisation objectionable tons' Why, agRin 1ask. sbtmld ber sntteinst to denmna the yeas and nays, and if so they gentlemen on the other =.de oty-ci to this resolution.' ItThe atotion was disagreed to— "6 against 135.Mr. BUKSMMU:, (dem.) of Miss.. nominated Mr. Yattan- simply made the inquiry oi the gentleman from NewMr. JOHN COCHKASK—I rise to a qoestion, which to country. It a true that there have been many esses tottisi—I did not yield to my friend from South Carolina tor which:ttey have exhibited the most unwavering fidelity this purpose, i hope, therefore, be will be permitted togo on to their masters: but these are only exceptions, after all.The Gerk decided that Mr. Porter was entitled to tte while history proves that ttey have shown floor. no discrimination in their butcheries bet weesMr. MCRAE, (dem) of Miss.—I ask that the paper be strangers and friends. In 3L Domingo they aent to tte desk, and tiie speech referred to be read bythe Gerk. have had a fair opportunity of redeeming theirMr. PORTS*—Yes, but 1 wish first to bring tte Ho- se character from tte charges which have baas aade asniast back to the point of departure.cunld not iu.iure the repdbi.ean party, it could can sotd the Heme ia check as bmg as they phase. not injure this or that party, and would conferThe South Americans have been caojcussing Sat the hat a blessing upon suhermg and honest men.root* eight hoars, with the new of oonaoah-ating their The r?seluti» is net new ;n principle. Vs • -unsftution of the rmted Statos confers lpou the members of Condiabam. idem.) of OhioThe House proceeded to vote.Mr. Forms, (rep ) at Wa.. when his name was nailed,said, aa Mr, Vallandig&am was somehow mixed up with tte coat, whereupon the latter turned quickly roono andveto jpon same unexceptionable man connected with gross tte power to elect a Speaker and other officers of the democratic or anti-LecomiMtten parties; It is this House. But does that constitution compel ;S to elect a Speaker for aay given period—/or one or two yanrs* Certatoly not On the contrary, we have, power to elect a Speaker of this House every morning if we like. The Speaker i> tte creature of the Boose, elected by our votes,Mr. MCKAB—Oh. send up tte paper, and let us hear .t read.Mr. P-mrsa—The Ho•,?» will recollect—Mr. MdUa—The House recollects all that transpired.them: but tte htotory of that island, instead of refuting those charges, snteustiatos ihem in the strong—muner la tte earner days of tte drat Frenoh reanhhc, when equality was aB the rage, a decree was passed by theonaeratood they anil accept Mr HanWkoe, of Tenon ft is very probable be wiB be brought forward ia a day or two by democrats, and pet upomtte trade for Speaker. (If the «u>I.ecoiun- toniteo won!J vote for him, he count he wirstotA so-, m nsorosmosi.Mr. aUes, of South Carotins, ha* the tear |kat tn-mor.j mark of Shakspere, that 'when the braise are out the I man a dead," be should vote Cor Mr. Baaston (Cries ' of "Goad," from ttn democratic sioe, and laughter >Mr DAVB—Very good. (Cflnfuaton.)Mr TTU»A, (rep. i of lad., asked if tte geasleman andB to s fact deserving of particular notice that in all, or that he might reply to his colleague, but I am aot dis- nearly ail, tte insurrections of negroes that have or-irredplurality rule, others are unwilling to accept it, and there• a y he the result pexa—ally between the parties, the tea- fore we cannot organize upon that prinan e. Sat here m atiuone gentleman en tne democratic side absent, owingMr. POSTER—My colleague a willing to have tte pai>er seldom, if ever, been a departure from this ravage brutal read.Monony potiticaiiy is very clear agamst Dava. a proposition made, an heaest and a Just one, that will enable us, X adopted, >.a fulfil the national engagements The declaration m Mr. Miles to-day, that there a not entered into by the people of tte ..intire country, and save of aa orgnniaatan, and that be and the public creditors from unavoidable and complete nun. What a beatmTui spectacle we will present to the people of the civilized world, presenting tte tact that th' Con- gress of the- I'mted StaU-s refused to pass an appropria- tion bill to pay the publie creditors, and to save a class of usefulpnbttr servants from utter nun. Why »tfc,s.' Ito stekBeas, who had sot paired off. He had been sentfor. He trusted gentlemen on tte other side would see crat, aad Bade that ha issue alone. I should like to knowMrDava—I do not object and treacherous mode of warfare, and wherever theye side wilt not, to the end of time, ytoat the plurality rule, beneriag it to be uncoaatitutioua;,licans, "Too late'")The CIXRa dedded that tte objection came too late. of tte negro in Us uncivilized state and to ha nativeand every morning that the House assembles it ntigiit proceed to elect a preatdiag officer for that day Thorn is BO necessity that the Speaker should continue in o * i » dnrma twa years. But a gentleman has » M us that ma propessssa m unconstiuiuonal, and exBreased ms wacder that xentlensen on this «de, who ooatend for a strict c<m- strutlton of tte constitution, would vote for such aMr. H'TBA*—Tne gentleman has not answered my (Load calls of "Order, order," from the republicanmam inquwy. whether he did not receive tte support of benches.) Does tte gentleman think that we have no National .Usembry admitting the free colored people of,or repodiat'>s the views of tus mdtana champten. CorwuB wwiid be if elected to day,a Speafcrj/ro«s«-. with Hnofce shall, after assembling, proceed to the electionUrnIjJIthe.Senate. *bearboththeTexasSenators poraryholoroftheoffic •U>ee-entofth«"'nealcar posedtotherepublicanparty..Thedemocraticandre saywithreferencetothis<juestiou fhavethatpaper being sick and unable to attend I have proved that the publican are the two great parties. The Southern oppo- here, and will stud it to the Clerk's desk to be read,TtTS W:llOU TSXATV. tfri.' --ame powers tor the ume beiag the Speaker wouMejeotcd .-vgainet A. <m tt*» ground that one of the results of constitution gi~es is tiie power to elect a i^vmimtfiv tu*., sitioii. tor the tlrst time, are here ;n any considerabie its rstihcat*on weald be to make new free State*. ace 1 am - re that ifev< r at any time uirciimsUHi>-'-s ex- bo'iv, nu in boring twenty three. The anti-LucomptoniShouts from the republicans or "Head, read")Mr PoiNKK. having sent up the paper, called ipon theClerk to say what the date of it was.Mr. VVABBIU.RXI., (rep.) of HI.—Giv>" as the nam?willingthatitshouldstandbeforethecoantry,andthat no public man who has a public sentiment of honor would i-hrink from an exposition of his political opinions.Mr. DAVIS—So far aa my conduct goes, I am responsible to my constituents only, and I w.li take care of that. It ii not his business what I do here. I am respon£iblc to my constituents for that atone. He charged me with having denounced the Dred Scott decision, and had to es- tablish ttat charge oy reference to a s]ieech of mine. Butisted •temnnding tte K*ectien >f J. Speaicer pro turn., to -«- at a report to-a:?ht that Mr Engtish. of hsiiana. here the creaitcrs of the country, Utesc circumsxaaces'lemocratB arr a mere handful in number, although, ao dcubt, mcludiBi: thoroughly conscientious men. He differ- ed fr<am them, but was willirig to concede, until the cona resnUit'on bf morrow in favor of organising the isad dtvidhig the odtoes between the Leconapton andeaM at the p r w n i iiine.Mr. ¥ J. MUBBP (rep. i of Pa —Was th.re any ie^.'la- trarv wa* shown, that every man there acts from his own of itens-Leeompten democrats and Know Nothmgt. Txmutaam FOB ras ABXT. 1tion durmg Mr. Adams' adminatraticn m the matter re ferredto"convictions of duty, and therefore would be the htst to The CLSBK—Indiana Daily flfcv SflrtiR"?. of November impute unworthy motives. It appeared that they are 29, ISM. (Great confusion); Necessary to a choiceMr Sherman, of Ohio, republican, Mr Boeock, of Virginia, democrat| Mr Nebon, od Tennessee, Southern oppoection..Mr Dans, of Indiana, anti i^eaimpton democrat : Scattering.103. 66<ireat confusion in the bail, members taking evidently a warm interest in anticipation.Mr DAVIS (to Mr. Craig^—Just let me raanage this, va?ain ask that it be read.Mr. Dwi.*—That is right.The passage was then read by the tierk.Mr PoBTRR—Now I am willing that the question between«ii*I'tt* /*I!iTHE NEW YORK HERALD.•jr WHOLB NO. 8822.HEWS FROM WASHDJGTOH.n a x c E s s P A a u o r m s t <n * u m Irtelj 11m i ) Bttwcec macben cf tteH'_.MORNING EDITION-FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1860....j(Load anus ef * ^ * ^ , « ^ , ; - ; _ * o | a*PRICE TWO CENTS.raiard intessa feeling in the Southern Stats*, allnacrtotie I constoatly hear such words aa taeae—" 1 it etaacs Mjerjrsed Of Memiay mas ihou'-.f come ajsjetsnr.rifing above their oromary ?re- tomy tetttsHouso''—»4lwtohitto be aadersteedas a summer s morning. 1 sever was as cod before atbrlfv of the reptiblfiasa members of this ftoor consider it their doty to sit still, with sealed lips, and say itill by the election or a presiding officer over tmsbly we are prepared to enter upon the transaction of } the BOStBesB of tiis sat*ric—mnsrht>rs on thediscufw the gravest unsstiens, and s-read broadcastthe nation dortrines at war whh the stabiliy. tteoetuity. the peace and prosperity of eer common coen- rSKtohle, unenviahle, desptoabto condition—(applause daappreval)—yea, 1 mast use tte word—tta Honse kept damgaaiasd and tte coantry tortured with Now, I wah to state again, that whenever a to ballot for Speaker, I will amend it bytta proviso for the plujraiity rum.: A. L. sent.) of ia.—I havs been hero, and I carefully abstolnad from openaigit a aot a true synopsa ef my speech, to have * read her* or elsewhere. But I want to state ttis s u c h , that I would atotoha back a atentepnltaoal osmten I ever -it tered, avroasaaatapoiatotoprjKtolsIeuss advocated, for the T^safrhiilisJ offlca, much antt for that char, ('ieneral derauva toughter.) I said l was .a iavar of the Dred Be— deesoon.and I snow tea raasaa aassBBtaBper was ased bare. I have never been a cand dale for theBloody Results.} has made It neessBsry for mo to my I will now say what I hare to say candkliy, and independently. 1 do sat understand it die right stan* man to catechise me as to the vote I sbnfl Americana and tte democrats cannot unite — SJK give here. 1stand hero the independent representative man, and that thee* two parties are as radically op- of twenty four thousand freemen, sad Ishad representare only two ways by which the House can boIt is well understood that tte republican party balds an- tire their vote, but It h aiso known that no mere can lie added to their number. It is understood that the tosxhMr. Dava—(letorminsdfy)—So, tor, cot a word. Jus watt till I get through and yen wtii haws an opportunity t • apeak. So far as 1said anything n sefossBto to tteDre Scott decision, 1and it was right, sat I did not mvs it tea interpretation which tte President gave:tmaaspeca message. I and. further, that, to my opinion, any maa who took be ground that the coa°titutien of tte Cmted Stoles estahiiabed slavery in the Terrtories could not get a single county is B 7 State.. That tt what I said, and netting more. Mow, J geauemen bad kept coot, they would have heard honestly aad candidly what I did aay, and what I abU aay. I, sir, (pointing to a member near him) am just ascoolasyouare,andjustunderstandaswellwhat I am about, That is ail I and on tte subject of the Dred Scott decision. I cniy referred to tte opinion of the Pre- sident as to the constitution carrying slavery mxo tte Ter- ritories and estabiahing it there.Mr. Moss resumed the -ioor.Mr. Poarsa—I am sere the gentleman from South Caro- lina (Mr. Miles i wdl grve way for the purpose of having this paper read,'How. then, can the Houee be organized? O n l y b y t t e v oplurality rule. We know that there a a much as ttis inquiry has been made, aience on SWSBT M S ABSJIBJIIISBIB h—n dollars. It is an honest debt, honestly amtrarted for ser-forSean*,JohnBrown'sSseswhwyofStale, vicehonestlyperformed.ItisnotarhiinstisUcdebt. ralityrule.but1wahtoknowoi what.pS athatIaettretotellthaHouseandthecountryhowitstrong opposition to tte adoption of an*toy part might be misconstrued, and therefore ithow proper it was to make a pair for that gentleman. (Cries from the republican side, 'No, "no. )Mr. OnrnK.vvB said the action of the republican ~ide thenforced him to make a dilatory motion, and that was to adjours.The yeas and nays were demanded by tte democratic aide, aad ordered.whether he did not denounce m his canvass the Buchanan administration generally aa corrupt aad dahoaeat» I should like to know that, aa tte gentleman feels disposed to unbosom himself: and I should also like to inquireMr. Dava—' -niy one question at a time, if you please. (Laughter)Mr. Hwaaux—' shall only proceed for a moment I have raised no controversy with tte gentleman, for IMr. Rcrnif, (dem) of N. C—I object to tte gentleman have succeeded, their success has been marked with allMr Mtu> (dem), ofS. C. said it was perfectly obvious i to everv gentleman in tiie House that there a not the re- , nioiest probability of organizing for au indefinite time.aid not openly denounce tte Dred Scott iocisionvMr. DAVB—1 wdl answer that question.Mr. PoBTXS—-Let me ask him further.Mr. D.WB—just one question at a time,, if you please.Scott decision. And I say more than that His friends brutality, neither helpless infancy nor old age affordingof the plurality rule, wb.ie there are many, whetherngnt or wrong."who are as conscientious in their belief astion, he did not, inAhe presence of two thousand persons, openly deuauncc tte Dred Scott decision, and declare that no man could carry a single township in his iistnet whoat raid of the intelligence ao more than the courage of my colleague from Indiana, and 1hope,'sir. to get along on this aoor without any more personal passages. And as to tte charge that some one exposed tte paper in t h aIKSTJRRECTIOHS IN ST. DOMINGO.St. Domingo has been tte theatre of nnawtiiil negro iapromar, b-.t continued to vote for one man. nor wouldthey present a man who might be tots ohjsotloral le to ' thcughthey cannot elect the democratic nominee, Why is restored. The area In fr ,r.i of the Speakers chair athe otter parties in the House. 1 ds not desire to say are thoy dlscrsnhtntrs when ttev do not go to the republi- crowded whh gentlemen walking about on all aides.tbiag against Mr. Sherman. I have been in the Hocss cao. whose candidate they can *act- (laughter.) Mr. GROW, (rep) of Pa.—I hope, ton, that tte applausewith Mr. Sherman far nearly three years, and he wasever a comtanas and kind gentleman to mo. Jot Mr.Mr. AIIIUIN mid that as for as tte action sf the five on tte Hoof will be put a stop to. We want no more ofSherman is objectionable to a large number of gentlemenon ttJs Okie of tte House, ana yet the party to which ho , have the fame right to vote for such a man as representeda few olaasi alkinn»Mr. Dava*—No. Mir, I wih do BOsuch thing.Mr ODJrsxcw:, rep) of V Y —Will you let me ask a desire to explain their possnoaa to regard to this attsrea-Belongs have never attempted to present u> tte Bouse a ' their principles as Mr. Stevens had to vote for Mr. Sherman.man less objectionable. Ton aay yon give as tte plura- Tbev ought not ttew4bio to Bee—Bred here. They were lity rule. That hi no cemprosnhw. But you desirous that there should be aspeedy orgaahBBtian, but had»S. .i.itssWT UMsaWBl^m^^maakMa* a l*srQPwBT. 1iSa^a^-B* daVBV.i». . . . a.»#ftaeiAi sBBa^^a^ai s^Bi a m a f oISBBBBWSBBSBTTV W^ atowflam onanti 1."OcmptoBitBi was concerned, they do not keep the House from being organized, but he presumed that theythatMr. VoasBB—Will my colleague give way ibr me to make/iiT»r. l>ta. ;wp-> «f N, Y., presented ttj peui-JO of E4- She rights of t:e people, out tne reserved righto of the esver, M1 have a a already Bade tte daaover7, n o are thatD. aftrgan, of v«w York, aad mreo hcn#re4 nbers, States. Their candidate for Spoater bait v<* salt that *•» really to fewer of orgaa^ation and who are ag*.** it f. tte renuhUaa btmcciea, and ztm of £afcd the tXJZZ,eacaiats ef the Helper bona are tiiasoaasL-. The font tajat a time ibat tte democratic oarty en this i.oor ware rro- read the document")prayng »r '±» soanoge ef a Hamestead t Z there ai" men who will net respect canecttstfonal ohhga- seriy seen and known by the coantry. Qeatiamea hersA r *sot"_ :a was adopted thai wl^a the SeaaXe aljosm boBS a "seef thestortliagfoatiireeef the tisaea, and bp,s are anxtoua that ttear resaarha ahonld go forth to the am aet to be .sti&x, dated by any man, I a a just aa coola y Ufe, aad I know well what I say, and I « y that so far Mr. !LUT«AVB, (dam.) of 9. C.^aakei ^ M s i : s a t l i - t . a jndlees on transient eueotiaoa, and meet ths common ene- bytteeauaary —thus and on. Bat for toy parti wish as that *BBBWI tt ccaearned, tta setter ef that paper and'»^*%*w*^ii*»^*-'%rf"wW*^»>rf**'ia«s'*Bithe Viaaace CemntUec.•o 3taat !heMaaBag»sndTT-Tsr:ry Report warnmy. whose sueeess would ncreasethe dangertothe perpe- that tta oaunsry could look into tta hall for about I have not spoken to each .*aer for four years. He op-tuty of th* osnfederacy. five msnutos, and ass tte condition of the so-called de- posed my election with a bitterness previously uaknowa , Ms. Wiuavfrep.) of N. T.*^fg. Cert, we are BOW*!- tostracy was sssamiig tta adtmntttraticn A mors per- is pontics! esntests in toy State. 1 rcrer aaw tte synop-HISTORYOF NEGROmmasnm.», (rep.) af M- , feite* to be dasnaesttBe >-3 tteaft Sunday.landwttheat qsattsBsttea, 1wrote to a tnand n fadiant.pnlia tofect type ef the present admiaistrscoo eonm not possibly.'PJSB f mmuv tola House by the election of a Speaker, aad keaasa—to. (Load laughter.) It a perfectly disorga- serted hers that i aad denounced the Dred Scott daemon1 meat at toe amuittatton of the fffth v e * in wying to or- I yet -without .•^Tectng the deeded result ra ffiia pugiijst r.•or t cannot he called by any betv-r same—there• hothing Oka fairpmy obasrved. While the great mt- Jad secaase they are presented before the country a now in nry pocket I am net afraid or satiaasd, atthocghtillttiabattr changed my opinion with reference to tne •— policy of that measure, and I do not expect ever to change a stogie expression of mine with reference to thatThe CtxiiR—Does tte gentleman from South Carolina yield to the gentleman from Indiana!to any parncular iman." w mil let tthe piursBty electa take the chairtta, after all, a only the sat of ttnbound to abide by it let us act in thatmen awake to the great responsibility whichus. Let us vote, aad vote on, and vote agam, tillto some Balds si toy i miJiafon. I oame here to votethough tte turkey may be has, it s a y gat seal againekcghter)—for I de not moan to go to daaar, a*I can him what 1 will net ao. (laughter.) I will not vote for Mr. Muss—I wah to have some uBderstanding aboutJersey (Mr. Admin) as to what he meant by the five anti Lecompton democratsi-the John Brown affair, be could not vote for bun, but for •^claimed "God damn it, tot me alone—I'll answer him,' John Sherman. (Laughter.) amid great ennfusam round the centre seatsMr. VaiiaxrwiBAB, to a subsequent period, retorted, by Mr. HiCBMAS—B«t as tte gentleman from Indiana has saying he should very much like to vote for Mr. Putter, chosen to throw dawn tte glove I am perfectly willing tohut as the latter was a contradietion of the re compare records with MB in point of democracy.Tfflt TWBSTT nFTH HAU.OT COS SPKaXKa. The ballot resnltedas follows —I Whole number of votes ! Jteremsary to a choice.:Mr. Sherman, oi Ohio, republicanthe republican vote in ha district- memoryr The House recollects everything that has tran- St. Domingo to eeaaptote politic*! equality wnh the whiteMr Dava—Hoid on a moment and I will answer you. spired. (Continued ones ef "Order.') Send up the pa- inhabitants, giving them universal suffrage sad otherIn the first place, H M mw d«Bounce the administrationiUS 107 .104per, and let us bear it read.Mr. JOHX CotHE-eiB—I claim tte floor for a motion ofMr. YaBanfligham. of Ohio, democratrear, and wiB onbooit a preeosttion. that under a tempora- propostt<on. Bat 1 atlirm, sir, and I am preparel . Mr. (iilmer, of North Carohna. Southern upf>oaitien.... 7 "Good, goad." from the democratic benches, aad sion.) the free colored people against tte whites, and such socialry exganixation of the Boom a few urgent sppreprtations hi prove it, that never in the legislative history of Mr. H T. Clark, of New York, auti Locompton demo considerable noise generally) I got I believe Mr. GKOW—Has the gentleman from sTaafoatopi theha named, and; then oil the members resign a#id retorn ' coaatitueBts tor new •iectxn*.any free country has the right of a legislative body u> elect a temporary Speaker been denied It has been practised iu England for centuries, and time after time it has been practised in our own co<intry,i c r a t . . i V - * every American vote, and a large majority of tte right to interrupt tte gentiemaa from Indiana? dttnrders that the French Legislature was sbiigart to re: Scattering 28 republican votes, and ,f the election had been only two Mr. MrR-iK—I call tte gentiotoan from i'»nnsyiviauia to trace its stops. At ttis time there was a party in FranceDAWICTTTT Bwrwsaet inawws OAVH.Anf P—IWA-|ii IQOII 11 dnhcuity tn toe House to-dhy between under onr own constitution, bagun by tte tatters of! nated Mr Boeock.THB rwKsrv a x i s BALUVT m i srEXKaa.The ballot resulted aa follows-—! Whole number of votes .211every man to the district. < Triumphant laughter from the democrats.) jNow. in my turn, 1 wish 10 ask the gen- man a qui—nil.Mr. rmrrEK-J asKad my colleague whether be did noton tiie stump, at a public meeting m Indianapolis, where Bes that they were the black repabacaos of thaee lawBBBSBto were ansrmbied, state that he did aot endorse day* B was tte object of this party to oh the Dred Scott decision. He atid he did not. I thentutlaai.a thep to am o'clock of rcmors without number, bat upi tt not the aisjhtost oooell of powder discovered by the H*au!jr> enrrcetMeitoat. The report s Ktrreot that Porter and Dean are opposed to the code, which fact a well knowa u& Indiana. If thui m <w, and Mr, TJa-ris knew A, he h worst on* personaay than potrtocaHy. <There JSa rumor to-u^ht that when Mr. M3ee rase to ^peeh to-day he intended to oseklnde by aoamaatmc Mr. Oava. of Indians, a s a compromise candidate, bat theihe received toochinf ha Dred S^ottrecord in. Mr. Miles to my, jnst before the Honmadjonrned,k u he had changed his purposeMr. Davis' attack *m CaJbovn. m fas Indianapahsspeech,Mr. Cxatt, (dem • of Mo., here interrupted Mr. Davis,.10* and endeavored to prevail on him to resign the floor. simply asked that a passage from his speech be read. IDavis, and Porter and Dunn, at*'tte repablic, and followed up till a ate period in our history Thi* power was never t]ttcstiuaed till the ^oniie- man from Indiana Mr Caifax) denieti it >n this floor It was a power exertJed on several occaaous ,n this eoun- try, as would be seen by reference to the lo'imais of Cou- greas.Mr JWTSr. 'rep • of Pa,—Is tht.-re any ;TQced€Ut for the election, of a Speak', r pro fern, pr.-v -.oua to the organiza- ::>m of the Housef vtain for the negroes equaljDrivfleges with tte whites, but, as we have said, this policy, when reduced to practice, was attended with such social disorder aad aaarchy that it was found impossible to carry it out.git—inn. I bad intended from tte beginning that my vote tor Spanker of this House should indicate my prefe- s. I JSjaffily voted for aa anti Locompton demo- aet for a ropubtican; and if the gentleman wants to w h a t ! will do, I will just enlighten him by tellingMr. Muns—I have co objection to yield to tte gentle- man from Indiana-Mr. Annua—I wah to say a word.lp it, till sotnetting a dona; and I will wait here till to- Mr. Sherman i Applause from democratic benches.) No tta matter. I got up to make a patriotic proposition.when yon aad I (Mr. Hickman) were fighting the battleagainst the administration on this question, that I was tobe sold into the arms and embraces of the republicans.(Deraive tenghter from tte repnbbcans, and cries of I the assault made by my colleague?Here Mr» Errrr, (dem) of S. C„ pulled Mr. Davis byexactly en i t a question. Is that sufficient for thatr In 1privilegeg,yet what do we und was the resnttr Ha i adjournment- did intelligence ef tta action of tte " U n a s '. S. e, will you (Loud mughter > I did not rise to make aMr. Davav-1 knew exactly what a n that paper, and rsis sf my •peech sffl last weak, when, bavtog hoard it as-seed me tte paper coateaatog it, aad 1 have that paper(Loud eras of "Bead, read," from the republican benches.)Mr. Ksrrr (to Miles)—Oh, no; yield to Adrain here.have collected all the important facto connected w tn the negro insarrections that have occurred wttbmtbe last two hundred years in tte Cnited States aad the West Indies This wo do for tte particular en'ightenmeat of those peo- pte who have been and are still engaged ia nuRng or mak ing contributions for tte family of John Brown, as well aa to show what sort of s figure they will present a the ha tory of tte world if ttey should really prove successful in their insidious designs npon the 9t»atb la the event of their success one of the most terrible tragedies tte worldMr. Ansum—It a I who have the floor. (Cries from tte republicans indignantly," No, air; no, sir.")ytoht to have tta paper read?Mr. Mass—No, sir.Mr. POBTKB——And in order to enable me to reply toyielding the floor for such a purpose. (Chorus of repub- tte atrocities and sendishness which mark tte charactertte next isawtaa* ' for as my election goes, I got the majo-fts rity of the democratc votes to my dharK*. rtries ef Mr. Mdtu>—I insist on the paper being read. (C af; bly reach she totond than there was a general apiiglag ofThe Boose again voted—Mr Davis of Mississippi, aomi weeks further oft I believe i would hare got ate vote of order. (I^wd laughter.) ' called the .Aaaa d«s Noirt, which, freely translated, signi. S8 speech now. I will do that when tte proper time comes. me and my colleague 30 before the world. There to not In Jamaica tte utourrections of tte negroes wereMr. PoRSSa, (rep.) of ltd —Will the gentleman allow a lemocrai on tha aoor that wdl not admit that what heme to ask him whether at every stump in his district he tza.il in that speech is an open declaration against tte Dred characterized by tte same fiendish cruelty and acte ifMr Mo.-nxtumur —T will satisfy tte gentleman thattber*" are precedent* for «uch a course, .aid having suc-o»" i"d :n ihaa, 1 trust he will turn round aad support myproposition which is *>ic!y intended to relieve the crediitors of the country from UVir snR.'rtng condition. Heth> ii referred to the case of the Virgman Legislature re here. How long was thus state of things to go on Some Mr. Ponshn—1 will ask tte gentleman whether, at a from tte real issue by attempting to get up a personal not dwell any longer npon them here.urjiz from their chamber and meeting m a tavern, where they resolv»,.i themselves into a convention, and elected Mr Adam? as temporary Speaker for oieven days beforelent...••men, ia pcriect good taith, had urged the adoption public meettng oi Indianapolis, immediately after his elec- passage. I have this to say, however, that I was neverYttcae /from the republican side)—We doubt thatwill be surprftexl to bear that he has denied having, in hiscanvass and before the people in convention at Indianap-olis, denounced the Dred S00U decision. I am surprised and m-vage fury. As tte accounts, however, which we that he should attempt to divert the mmds of democrats give below contain ample details on these pomta, «e ehaiJ. Mr. Mius* did not suppose there were tea men m theany protection to tte onfortunate victims of thatr ragecountry who believed they were one jot nearer the solu- 5 am no lawyer, you know. (Laughter.) tion of the question to-day than when they 3rst assembledspirit, and could not, therefore, consistently vote for it,Th« a another severe blow at Senator Doogmts. ly Speaker 'if the Ho'ise of Rrprescii'aia ea during Ui-.t and would oppose it t- the end of time He never could Mr. Dava—"I thank thee Jew. for that word." (Roars Ho of. it to not true. It was in my possession, snrrections aad dtosnrbsness, from tte font that took panerill be cafle i nprni ia the Senate to kpow if he en time under anv ctrcumewnces vote for the adoption of of laughter and increasing excitement.) That a the very and when 1 was spoken 4 to on the subject, I on the 27th of November 1682, to those which have ocMr aV'VTv.mvp.'—I consider he was exactly what Mr. the plurality rule. The constitution says that the point. Now we are coming to a point. I say (with great showed it to my colleague, but 1 never sbowod it to mortal I curred within our own recoilectoou. That they have beenof officers, and he understood, the "House" toThere will be a tierce opposition to the MoTLeen Mexican hav,- .f elected under other nrcumstaiieea, or a- the tern mean the majority. There are three parties op- democratic organ of the State of Indiana has something to made a public declaration in this country be was alwaystion will also have an opportunity extended to them.wiD make as compromise on your side, not seen the man their vote* would elect When tte Mr. l»AtB—1 give way for the purpose of having s Mr. Moaaa, (of 1*.)—Then I call for tte yeas and says,t»n, JpBjsed, will enable us to pass a resolution by anti-Leoompton democrats will be called on to act tedBttery. They will then vote as best accords with their which we will be aba to redeem the credit and honor of mddnent and sentiments.the country, to tts fulfilment of her engagements, and Mr HM-KSUS—The gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. save tte poboc orssMors trom utter rain aad bankruptcy M9esj speaks of hre anti-Leeomptonttto. Now, I would In tte hope of titling this I now desire to renew my ttke to know who them ive and T^comiitoniste are, resolution for tte eteeben of a Speaker pre torn., md to whether they are hare, sad iwoald ttke to hear them ask that It bo taken an and considered now. Mr. Clerk. I called by name. I want to know whether ha includesamongst tteee anti Lecomptons seen man as reoeived in Mr. Bsacas, (aasa.) of Texas, who claimed the Hoar, i their districts the undivided votes oi the repobUcans, or gave way by the ruling of the Clerk to j wbetterthTgestlemsB means to iack.de ttose anti-La- Mr. Ssawxss, who rem to a qucotian of seder. He can cmiiotonses who bad run against the democratic organi-to have that passage i eadVMr. DAVB—That is ay business. 1will oome to that di-The motion to adjourn was withdrawn.Mr. Drxx—I have no oonbt that if tte quiet of tte House bad permitted the gentleman from Booth Carohna-! asttvn and tte repBhooan urgaiu/atior. AU I wah to statetended that the BBOWSCwas out of order, and could not bu aTsofor ss 1SBsamtondthe p—torn of certain mMU- dste eloquence when he bears it. (laughter.) Besat Before esaartog on hnssaoss, tte set of Oangress re- quiredthattheoathshouldbeadmin»tore«totheSpeak ••r, and by him to foe Clerk and members of tte House. That a the tow of Congress, and nodemaera» who now refuse to attltote with tte me u*I did not in that speech denounce the Dredrepeal or sot it aside, sad the• a a a a s a shsurdity. A prosuetttontomaliciously false, et tte charge- come from what quarter it may (aestcred silence for a few moments, and sen-Mr. Draw, (rep.) of tod.-Mr. Cterfc-Mr. luva—Tt s, let you all cane.Mr. DAVB—He has not beenes, air, assaUsd speech—(drrnive arghter foam the antcitto from tte lapnhltoton) • remarked ameag repnhixans thatbettor itpsfilkwispsechtottewfori and ! too my that die geatieman did Sratt decttton. (At^tosns foam ttaand tter*' were on tte platform some of tne asssj,b^ Sure, who hadgrewa gray to the dsmoeratiTbev with him OBthat oecsston ased ssWaaaBS kind sfbefore the Roane asrgam^od is tofSpja a i 11 aa Oerk is swera.' The ease referred to by she |(Mr. Montsemery) a net atin sotot, for there abat after tte Housebody cScimjhhau^owertiiMr. Drrtrssa—(I"think it' d u e t o toy ooQeogue to thisiaor'.mutingtheHouse,thatinthafruecaton,anatoth*1replythatitatotally,widallyaad danapoito. Theballwasc"^**a* ^ygr.*l*,0?>emphasis) that I did no such thing. Cries of "Good, man until I was lirst asked for it. iDeriMve laughter fromgood, from the democratic benches.) the democrats.) It makes no difference to me. bet 1 marked by ferocity and cunnme cannot excite the surMr. POSSSB—I understood you did. But perhaps tte must say that I always understood when a public man badprise of any one acquainted with the traits oi the African1garage,nora11surprisingthatthethincrustofscpern-a civilization should give way in times of excitement, and the natural character reappear mall its pristine barnarity Still. there are here and there scattered throughout these fearful outbreaks mstaacea of gratitude towards their former masters on the part of tte slaves, and of danger incurred to save them from the general m — n m which is a distinguahing feature in negro insarrections, which, for the credit of human nature, it a pleasant to see. The first revolt—which, as we have said, occurred ia HS3-. was inaugurated by tte murder of the overseers on seve ral contiguous plantations, and tte seizure af arms, wtth the view of taking ucsaLaaion of tte adjotozng towa. Su- it was soon suppressed by the prompt action of tte auttorhtok.ThettsauTSBttonsf MT», headed by the negro Padrejae. who murdered htt master, for a time threatened tta very at tte growing colony. It was amrhad by thefeatures ef ssarder and rwstoa; indiscriminately, and tteaverse to join in the movement were forced to do so by arguments that were tornstotfole. From tte neighborwhere he sought eriBM, he Badette French setttonasnts In St Domingo, and, through culpable inertness of the Governer, was allowed toup a strong postttoa on tte tttond, where ha eaBBBBBhed himself and bat defiance to tta ostosttto F*wa thisbe and htt party were oJtiasatery lodged by a party ofthe opportxa* ntonsent and at tte 1 i*"*-**' nfiwrlpeto«sttyef**rigross, who feB as easysreysimply daorganizers. Mr IUv* (nervously)—I have no objection to the what he read only proved that I was right when I de-Mr MoivnufBiSi—! have not evamuu- i into that.Hat only will there he introduced a bill eatobHwbing a Mr. E. I Moa'ia—Tiie "T-" metair-—T were \ i.-ry •ilf" Mr. Ai>B*is, ( \. I- dem.) of N. J., replied that he was whole of that speech being read here, or the synopsis of nounced tte charge as false.ferent. tm act! Lccompton democrat, but he did not believe that it, as it appears in the State SeWin*!. bat I desire tossy Mr. Drx5—None can regret more than I of the snsry, but certain members of the Mr MOVT'IOMEXY— If there was no legislation then, those with whom be acted disorganized the House. He a word in advance The Sta'~ Stntvvl. be says, was my being involved in a .juestion oi veracity i are at favor oi" abuLatuas the brevet rank in the that does not prove that there could not have been. But *dd Dot see how there could be an ot^aniastiou unless own organ. with my colleague, and I should not have takeniII —ifiis se *ctn*l oensnt u an officer, and at n the case I refer to there wai? legislation, and the Hou*e tiey voted tor Sherman if they had voted for Boeock Mr. Puma—No, sir no. lsay the Stale Smtin^l m th<; any part in ttis dtocu.-sion it I had not felt it due to myproceeded «;th this busmess of the country. If twenty- or ioison. be could not have been elected. Therefore he organ of tta democracy of Indianafour hears were toe short, they could make tlie period as eonld not see how they were dcPorganiaerB. Mr Dai to Oh. that a a very different thing.long as they pleased—as king, in fact, as it might be Mr. CLARK. A. L. d e m ! of N. Y ., was underatood to Mr. Poattto—The acknowledged and avowed organ ofnecessary to pass a deficiency bilk That a all I *-k. say that he agreed with Mr Miles. He and ha friends tte demochKj , and I say ttis report is correct, for I had speech.• of omstaBt eonsenfion ana joahwsy are uoaataaUy seskmg to M dfront, and have never once for a single moment ottered democrats. oecasioB. (laughter.) 1never knew any tor e;ghbsea| yearn. Bats a wealthy osaa, aad to make the smallest compromise. They have voted u&. Mr Miue- resumed—The democrats number enough, speech before the public, elicit such on*i in asaanahni lannt fhatillssi suit tlmi n I i n lormiy steadily, pcrnSsteauy—i win not say .--tub with anion in their ranks, together with the Southern as followed the declarations he made one f acolleague (Mr. Porter), when he was assailed in a rude manner, to bear testimony to what I know.Mr. DAVT> suggested he bad not given way for sMr. Drxs— You charged me with falsehood.Mr. Dava—If I charged you with falsehood, there a another place.m actual> army ergs thit measure.What --. the situation of the House at presents We are were daorgamzersi whenever be could show that by a I the honor to hear tte element gentleman tram IndianaOmcershere, an unorganued body. We are not a legislative union with the American* and the deuujcmtic party pro- myself.The aeeBsmty or a retired last is ohvkiun. Onecapian body. We cannot par.- laws.' On tte opposite aide of the per an organ: tattoo was practicable and could be brought Mr Dava—Oh, you had.House the republicans have presented an unbroken about, then ibey stood on th* same buns as any otter Mr POBBB—And an eloquent gentleman was on that M. Dr^r* (jeeringly)—Ah, another place; that is a wryin fact, ia a convenient way for gentlemen to ventilate their bravery ' applause here. 'Mr. Dava (modestly)—Oh, not at ail.Mr. Door—If tte gentleman thinks that I do him per sonal wrong here or elsewhere, he can take personal satisfaction at Ins convenience. (Derisive toasfotor from the democrats). - „Mr. DAVB—Oh, that to all right.Mr. M : : v - I did not yield7 for a personal attercafcom.This is no place for gentltlemen to settle qriestions of ve-rscity.Mr. 11 S3—Tha is just the time and just tte placewhere this question ought to be settled.Mr. M:i' s—l wah to finish what I have to say.Mr. Dt:ire—Well. go on, and I will stand here tin I geta chance.Mr. MTIES—i am willing to yield the floor to a saotiooof adjournment.Mr. FABBWOBTH, (rep. ef m.)—1 object to the gentle-man yielding for any purpose except for sn. oyplsnatton from tte gentleman from Indiana.Mr. JOHSCOCBOUSB—I wiB renew the motion to adjourn, with tte understanding that MT. Miles win he entitled to tte iioor in the morning, and tte other BBBBBBBS whowhile all the compromises have corns from us, Southern opposition sad the democrats unite and show question proionnded; that to all. because she gentleman from todhma tt entitled to ' and thus the House remains uaorganued. This rusoin a formidable force against Mr. Sherman, then the nva Mr. Pon aw Do I understand my ooBeague to refuse his explanation.hornly—for one man. The democratic party, on oppositionists, to defeat the election of a republican. Mr Dava imodestly)—Oh! that to silvery fine now. tte contrary, after making a regular nomination, The Southern opposition asy to us, "Whenever yon can (Loud laughter and shouts from the republicans of after presenting their candidate and adhering to show the possibility of electing a democrat by our votes, "Bead, ' "lead tte document")bin sufficiently long to demonstrate there was no we will give them.'' The anti Lecomptonites say, "when- Mr. Poms*—Let me say to my colleat tic-possibility of electing him, abandoned him. (Laughter Mr. BnotoTf, (dem.) of Ky.—I hope gentlemen will per- from the republican benches.) The gentleman himself ever our votes, added to all the others, will elect a demo- ceive that unless order s preserved it to impossible to(Mr. Boeock), who would have creditably and honorablyBled the ijpeaner'a chair, arose to his place upon tte floorand withdrew his name as a candidate, so that ho or hisparty might sot have the responsibility upon them of thedisorxaaizauoa of the House*. (ianilMunn en tte otterside, however , sever showed tte ahgha— desire to com-crat, wo wiligive them. 'Jmfaach—That's net exactly so.Mr. Mr.*—I understand thai some goutiemen have ao ssaid.Mr. StsvrjRs understood that tte gentleman from SouthCarolina made tte paint that the aasl-Leoeamtoamea are dihcrganus'-rs when they do not go over to the democrats,hear what a sail or to know what us -oing on too much confusion,TheretoThe Cixaa begged gentlemen to come to order, but to pvery little purpose,Mr Dava—I have but two words to say. i interruption, and cnea Sf "Bead the extract.")Mr. BrsBttr—1 object to aay further talking till orderrectly. I understand the whole of tha thingMr. POSTS*—Iask to have this passage read. (Cries to hear me, be would have cheerfully given me an opof "order" from .tte democratic benches, and "road, read,' from tta republicans.)portanity to replp to my csBeBfas, who charged ate *«» utunnc on this ioor that which was fobsMr CosioiMi (sasssBttvery)—WBfufly ... ^ Mr. Dt ire—WUfolly false. I am aot accoswned tort ,—tmw w sni*lBngusrtefo«lb»BSBT'- *-cofjcagnctttelspeaktettepeohim and who know me. I b e s a . . . . . . . .ustiee tte truth may at aay ttn— ato—saMSBaasDywo witnesses. Now we ha%e two here, snot nine paper that has been read. I heardjay^ ^ t o ' l - QPOtik to hvMr. DAVB—I understand ttis wholenot to he overawed or intimidated.that he beard a a make that eliiejatnt speech, awl I think myself that to was a tolerably iw> nent speech, and I km glad to fun that m v colleague has taste enough totoL})^J***?*L.l^L^L^T] wMagtos tmkm^mmm^^^^^S^^lB was whether that view which tte President nays tt contotoad to tta Dred Scott deetttta, and which you, gentlemen of tha South, pat upon it, wasto be thetawof thetoad,and tte tow sf tte dema-BBBW t h a n Battel rtt IBBVS^BBBBBB. fsk* ahantaaBhdl stt BBBBBBBBVBI wtk K a a l r t k i ' lieattadTde- I ''a?. LiSl^TwMtUntitled DocumentMr ihTW—What daBBBB^^OZBBE^BBBBBBMWBBUufSSmTf f1 tndhorror1 _ r^gTtttakBhBV iBttttoatlBBBtlttimatter, and 1 am My ooUcague saidwlK«n assailed sir.ataU.theaay tiiat tne chars* a a slanderer oa thistfistMUrt foras Vlrguua. never d<BBBBMSB iliaii si 1 BBSSBSBbood. I leave that with the peopteof Indiana, where weAS to h a charge ofL M*0.TSB~*B»Thomas M. Tryniski309 Sout13069h 4th Street Fulton New Yorkwww.fultonhistory.com 