 mouneed interests win dineFROMi to-day ), and the one com- the Lineir*am dia- -" feetation[repreooedL withou(SI, 1860.,- was more** i recede ha*ae fall, and on wasoc-Ikinesa of .-prevailed, with* Paris•the foreign •nearly \ v Iway stocks Inced. TheIbusiness ia |wereagair>nftoenced , as to the- has ac~ iroa the-reaction of creased to- immerouau:is causing ittie emply-xkfort ia 1 } it, ia 2} orant on Sat— ron Compa- railway of of 2 perJanuary 31. >r money is air reserves. ten, except>rt accept- banks not\?>r per cent. l e d visit o f expectation ted- States,seen--Jrview with ;:mem-J-ohn Rus-jfJSt.[city article) id to a slight e universal >h i&nperor, nsols. The al and com-ihe Bonrse f L.-ie Frenchnowever, ces strongly rpesially the ess at bankrkat being 4 o-'-hs'paperwas with-Kssex had plies of gold peeted.igbtly'nrmer >TL Demand .he Bank tothe-Bank\ be brought a of advances . biBs sad foe w than usual, rabiy diminish Available fromIV: Whe<rt, carters, 36/5; rtexs, 34/10;narters,57/7.: u.e Shah ofxv--.ranees are on. A small ed to arrive.ot the-forces mp C*pt. W.>if ^er8in the^ remarks on rcent on the ndia at the active system/ le result is to - There will be meeting withheir own >fthemaou- r cent. If icae manufac- 1 to present a »v protective Meaof 10pere ukkes an isa-STY.held it* reg- mt HAWKS in-jg the last six k i increased pfilets. The ouel F. B. ArchibaldPresidents, miaittees. A to- this an-! of compli- Jeraen. Mr. •era, on which •e »rd to the {forth America >r'-<*ion. in theHe quoted nrgeaee of the- d. Thecoast 'has beenele-ell as that of r.erged. This arsons City of' re vfouadland,. ibrador, while"Geography, by Secretary a^trlanfrigate-;be published. » botrad on a,Japan. The (he Fox, and ie«u Thedriftted for On the- is gradually olar sea. Theose in Great. Bndation. The- itive density of" j the difference* a! barometers,f >r the last 25- arts produced, nnoaf direction. 3,330 obeerva- srvatkm* seenaknotfee writes thus- -«,tis day received ^ may be iater- i city and coon-f UJ*JS foe B«^OB,. wtthtl»*v*rir ©T^^Ld?£,iav»-... fgMjt ii$«8 c<the Free States; one who has no chance of gaining a single electoral vote, or of having a respectable electoral ticket hi any Save State.The great charge against Fremont, and that whioh caused bur defeat, was, that he was a sectional candidate. In the enthusiasm of the canvass, this, great and momentoaa fact was not generally seen or w eighed. I t has since been more maturely considered; and any-candidate who shall be placed in the same po- sition, will, w e believe, find it difficult to withstand the shock of the battle that will be waged upon him, from this point and for this reason.The Republicans are contending for a principle, which, once embraced, becomes more at,d more dear to the heart; and that is, that Slavery is local, not na- tional; that it exists only by municipal enactment), and not by general law; that it is wrong in principle, and is not to be extended, except by the people acting in their sovereign capacity, as founders of States.This opinion has recently become more vital and in- tense, in the" minds of the Republicans, in consequence of the xecent open and avowed doctrine of some South- ern statsemen, that Slavery is a good and beneficent institution, and, being founded in right, claims univer- sal extension. -publican party holds a much larger number of men of acknowledged talents and capacity for the office of Chietf Magistrate than any or all other parties; then let it not be urged that we should set aside our own gal- lant leadirs as though they were unworthy or unfit to wear the laurels now within our grasp. Let orir. standard-bearer be a man in whom all the essential ele- ments of a chief magistrate are combined. In a word, let bi-ra be a man who has a soul to dare that which he has a will to do.If certain Southern gentlemen are seriouj in their threatened violent reeietance to the inauguration of a Republican President (and we have no right to call their sincerity in question), we should make our selecr tion with an eye to that event. And if we have a man of superior talent and ability—known and recognized by all men as a Republican from principle, and at the same time could go to Washington and take the oath of office on the 4th of March next without tho effusion of blood—let him be selected. Need I add that such a man can be found in the person of CASSIUS M. CLAY ofwhen I wiy, give us John C, Fremont and C^slus M. Clay aa standand-b<iar-r3 for the campaign of '60, aad we "will sweep the deck.ANOTHER WORKING REPUBLICAN OF »J8L Central JNev- York, March 29, I860.on our Pacific coast;" and that is a beneficent policy which so applies the proceeds cf these lan-1*, that in- cidentally, and without onbatictd ri»>k or cost to the Government, the interests of its citizens, in the bun dredB of tributaries to the main trunk, eh?U be rescued from impending ruin, and the full benefits of the laid? be participated in by every citizen; our system of rail- ways, permeating, as it does by i's financial, commer-cial, and transitonal ramifications, every portion of the Confederacy, benefits to them will, d rectiy or indi- rectly, benefit every member, however exalted or bumble he may be.The method proposed being simply a pledge of the proceeds of the taloof the designated belts of land with- out any alietation of title except as sold, contracts favorably with the system which has heretofore ob- taircd in granting donations of lands to certain States, to be by them given to railroad corporations, as willl0,OCt».C0O, cr three t'mes the total mail-nay, every aiiroad company wili have the right to designate a party who can subecribe for an amount of the tea milliors capi-al equal to three times the mail-pay•fetch company, aad who will be the legal owner ihereof, so far as the government, the association, or .he public, are concerned.The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company def*ignat«HI •- .Untitled Documentix-ington, Jefferson, and Franklin. Yet, owing to the once or twice triumphing with the Republicans, -on, Pennsylvania, would go against him by heavy majori-THE PRESIDENCY..*».»«.;.*«..*--those of the Republican party—-the opinions of Wash-«&?•*?; U.Mever unjust thoir prejudices tnay be;; nothing short b ele^1rn^}as%lBconlin, Mbl£fcdiana(and pobablytheiource it does, that " burning negroes by whites perplexities. Paradoxical as at first glance it may ap- " has no bettereffect^th^iW^ pear, the revert© is the fact; it strengthens instead of;J^l8tnKVET OF THE FIELD.SIR: I have read with attention the various commu-nications MTax TRIBUNX in regard to the Republican candidates proposed for the consideration of the Chica- go Convention. I have marked with great satisfaction thegeneralspiritoffairnessandtoneofconciliation with which they are pervaded, indicating that what- ever diversity of opinion there may be as to candidates, there is a general harmony of Bentiment and feeling among the members of the party.In reviewing these discussions, however, there remains stffl occasion for certain important suggestions: The first is that an idea seems to be entertained that tbis or that candidate has claims npon the Republican party as to the nomination in question, and that these-claims are to govern the Convention.As it appears to me, nothing can be more mischievousin practice and more false in principle than this. IfBarper's Ferry affair, and various other untoward cir- some man who has hitherto been considered " con- ties. ..Not one German in a hundred could be prevailedcumstances,theirvoice,atthepresenttime,issilenced. servative,"cancompletelyblendtheirsentimentswith upon 'to,.vote;for an/acknowledged Know-Nothihgi "community,"ishopeful;;and, as itisphilosophically cripplingthenu 3ChisIsthtijpTbven^a^^^V SPEIO%.ME•• .. •,Now, if the.Republicans nominate what is called a tf representative man"—by which is meant a man who has led the van, and whose name is synonymous, in the popular mind, with extreme Republican notions, it is manifeetthat these Republicans of the South must go to the Democracy. There is no other course for them.that party. Give us the prestige of success, and the beauties of a strictly Republican Administration, with a man at its head who is firm, but not ultra, and third parties will be given to the winds, as far as the West is concerned.who now States his-views on the great National ques- tions are unchanged since 1856, and if nominated as the Republican candidate, would run with that under- standing.true^ who knows but it may yet comeinto general fa- vbr in the South?.It is not probable that there are-many Companies whose mail-pay alone -is sufficient to meettheir re- quirements for wupon iatei est, and in almost a^l casus *..", ' the interest-is largely in excess of the stiStfSf? but "" J by; the plan proposed, an adjustment of this interest. ** * and to an extent greater by 25 per cent than the maapay, is to be made by the association, either by direct .ohe candidate has claims, there are certainly severalotters, and who shall decide between them? And be- of the great men of the West. He is distinguished forSIR: In to-day's paper you say that "nine-tenths of" the Republians of New-York prefer Gov. Seward to" any other man for next President." I beg to differ ment on a new foundation, by inaugurating a newsides, as oDly one candidate can be selected, injusticemnst be; done to all the others. Admit this doctrine ofCommittee may have its practical workings before curities of such companies, which shall have been • - . ^ - S %claims,:and heart-burnings, having a real and justbasis, will be sown wide and deep in fixe ranks of ism. His name is unsullied; he is univerdally beloved.; them before taking any action upon the reference. purchased or arranged for with the fifty millions of ••'. > , I i SYour Committee have already noticed, I presume, Government bonds proposed to be made applicable for•r, ; , , $occupied and the labors thev have oerformed. What-consider it hardly necessary to reply to that suggestion.which I believe true as regards politics.I could give the names of many active Republicans, who " prefer other men to Mr. Seward," but it is notSimon Cameron ?It is a mistaken idea of the delegates to the Conven-tion to advocate a man because of hie Pennsylvaniau- i&m, his NeW-Yorkltm, or his Kentuckyisin. We want fcr President, not a Missourian, nor a PennsylVani-ua, cor a Georgian, but we want a man of classical accom-ultimate position in regard to the road, and its accruing advantages, will be first detailed, as tney will first autt prominently occupy the consideration of your Com- mittee.one-half, or five hundred millions, is in bonded debt. Such of the companies as have been enabled to make their roads fiist-class, by the gradual appreciation of tbe roadways and structures, attainable onjy by im-ever they have achieved, they have done no m>re than Be is rot a man to occupy a doubtful positkn. Sincetheir duty, and the claim of payment for works of su- his nomination to the Presidency by the OppositioaBut while such is the undoubted fact, and whilemany very' eincers and ardent persons enter into the Kentucky! Let him receive the nomination, and his coming election as a ?ort of holy war, there axe stillmany ot&ers, equally sincere, yet of a calmer temper,who look to consequences, and instead of regardingLet the Electoral tickets all have on them the samenamep; but let there be some distinction about taem, toand a record kept of the same. I hope your State will be the first to move in thia reform, and that four yearsthe title to the lands, in fact, if not in form,, ia foreign-ers, 88 well as sending their proceeds abroad for theThen, when the Pacific road is completed, A B owns $3,000,000 of the $100,000,000, which it is assumed to-only a pwty, take into view the entire country.Tbe«e persons naturally ask themselves, what will be the state of things, supposing M<. Seward, or Mr. Chase, or'any other Republican of that type, be cho- sen President! Of course he will not nave receivedter and will coet nothing, your Legislature should ect the example immediately, and the other States willif legal p&r0<mex>t8 to that effect exist betwesn them.. VVjth this brief illustration of the practical reault., I Lave tie hoLor to be, very respectfully, your obedienta vote south of Mason and Dix >n's line. Is there not, more sacrifice at the shrine of Liberty and Republican-To the Editor af The A*. Y. Tribune.m any State or States were enough to have turned the BURNING NEGItOES IN THE SOU I'll. the globe, will be developed aud stimulated into SIK: I have been long waiting for some one of oarthen, a gulf, dark a i d dangerous, opened wide be- tween the North and South, along that hitherto nom- inal divi*Mm-T ' 'Witt not history,-then; have inscribed the awful words **Division oi the Union," in our na- tional aonals, and even on our national map ? And shall the Republican party dig this gulf?And what will be the situation of an Administration under such a President ? The Senate will cercamly be against him; perhaps, and I should say probably, the House also, after a^short time. Is beneficent legisla- tion likely to flourish in such a state of things 7 Are we likely to have peace,and quiet,and prosperity ? It will be contended that the Government only repre- sents the North, and the South will cry out against it. And will .not the spirit of Disunion thrive under such irritation and provocation ?A YOICE FROM THE PIVOTAL STATE 3. cans whjO win reflect in this wise, and who will not To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.healthy and fucceesful coinpetit'on with those of GreatBritain, while the title to tbe public lauds wi.l remain leading popular publications to protest egainst any mo-bonafide with American citizens nopoly of public lands by railroads or in favor of rail- Having thus detailed the position of the Govern- roads, especially the great Pacific Railroad; and lamNow, I think there are many, very many Republi-1-"u: As you are now publishing the opinions of such as addrees you on the Presidential question, perhapsGeorgia, or almost any other Southern State, and what opportunities does he have of learning what is going onoxists to confer on other parties the right so to engage rights of stockholders will pass into the hands of Eu-. and to couple it with conditions by which ultimate ropean capitalists by fiequeBtratron: and then, I a»k,vote for any candidate, who, It is clear, cannot carry a •ingle 82ave State, or have a fair electoral ticket, out of the Free States. It is not safe to follow those who• -** n*a<nr Ox« mind,Aa&giro up topaxtv what U meant tot mankind."Some »en. are fond of fight, and relish defeat as much a* victory, seeming, to think with the Irishman, that hard knocks are the true glory of a battle. These Eursons are- always talking about their principles, yetbenefits may enure to the Companies themselves. what becomes of our owu c'aim to a huge portion of Important negotiations are also, to be made with the the best unsettled territory of our own nation?Now, these view* and feelings will have vast sway ents put Indiana down as the most doubtful of all the in the coming ejection. They will control thousands "pivotal" States.he is not nominated without opposition.It is my firm belief that he could carry Illinois by at . W E THINK so TOO.—The editor of Hayneville selected combining legal, engineering, and practical This is but a hint. With your permission, aud th© ;-,-.yef votes. J a S a p w S not oaly control thouiands of the if this be so, then take courage! We intend to votes of men hoiding Republican principles, but hand- carry the State at the next election by a very hand-least 5,000 majority against even Mr. Douglas, as he (Ala.) Chronicle very justly observes: knowledge, and entitled by their known probity to permission of the public, I will hereafter speak morawill be .certain of receiving the entire German vote of " It ia questionable whether burning negroes by wliitea haa the confidence both of the Government and tie fully on this all-impoitsnt subject. D. J. MAKDELL.reds of thousands of the votes ,.oito say parts- • In the- evealy*ba_Athol (Depot), Mate, April 2,1&B0.•• -,.•Bute*, we leel assured they will be sufficient to sealfoBowB: Fremont, 94,375; Fillmore, 22,386; Bu-But in the event of its being conclusively shown that,with him as our Btandard-bearer, we should lessen our eral" negroes have already been burned in Montgom- and to apportion the residue (if any) amon< such other Weber, physician to the German Hospital in London,Illinois or-lndiana can-be carried for a candidate who than in thia. In no Siate is Mr. Douglas and his is merely- the rem-eeentstfve ef the North. When the 8OTat^SoVereig)aty humbug so caninely followed byidiseussiotf conies, as come it will, and when bur adver-saries have made their assaults and shown up to thepeople and the nation CUT position, as a party aimingat the choice oi a President who has not and cannotthe matses, or so intensely hated by the friends of theAdministration. Add to this the unprecedented popu-larity of bufStiuVticket, with the gallant^ Henry S.Lane at its headYtod you have two of the elements of the Opposition nominee by a large vote in that other-validity of contracts for free mail service, and the security to be given therefor; they should guard the interests cf the Government in the isaueand deliveryhave a Southern vote, not thousands but hundred* of our rtrengthZVOnly one thing remains,:to make the thousands will recoil from our ranks. . thiDff complete: Give us a man at Chicago who canSuch is the practical view of the case. Let us regard unitethoToWhJrthe Opposition vote, and the vote ofIt more as a matter of principle. Ia~fEepresoot tta'e the State is with him. Every day more and more con- of politics, we are apt to consider the whole South as vince s us that that man is EDW ARD BA TES of Missouri.wise doubtful State. That man is the Hon. Abraham Lincoln of this State. He is certainly the candidate with whom, of all others, we are most confident of euccess.I notice that Judge Bates is a prominent candidate need more than any other thing. More than this: the be naturally sugges4ed, that under the embarrass*dSJwesenwa*Wj^flre^&i%«: and Disunionist* in the Bouse and^Ssnateat Washington,.and in the Southern» *e*ruv < , u w w ~ «««, «o«, fnm. Yet »uchU is nomt thwe fkcU TA Where arPe many menthe Slave States who hold opialoos nearly alued to hi theIt Is useless for us to deny that there is an element in our midst, sufficiently strong to turn,the scale against as, who tie not so ardently Republican in their senU. ments, as they are noinUnsely Anti-Democratic, iiow-with some of our public journals, THE NBW-YORK TRIBUNE among the number. But, though personally unexceptionable, and might make a good President, he could never secure the electoral votes necessary toNorthern man, in passing through his State, would he£?!«**financial condition of most railroad companies, the re-linquishment of compensation, regularly in money, forsurh service will measurably disqualify them for itspeifotmance, and augment rather than relieve theirnot so much in the deposition of fat as in the isolatlm owing to the retrograde metamorphosis, of the tissues. 1m ' . . ' •••> vvmwW A. LAKTI, NO. 23 East Market square, EBAOISO, P*~. h«* .. •<> ;,;M A W )•^jtZViiiciple,weforceavastmoralandpoliticalpower,inthe very citadel of Slavery, not into inaction but into hostility.We repeat, then, that, in our view, a man who has no chance of a respectable vote in any one*of the Slave States, cannot be elected, and therefore such a one ought not to be nominated. Even if such a one could certainly be elected, it would have more of the air of party determination than true statesmanship to forcesnim upon the country at the present moment.But, it may be asked, is there any Republican candi- date before the people who can carry the-majority of the Free States, and have, at the same time, a consid- erable body of friends in the Slave States 7 The advo- cates of Edward Bates present him to the public as a candidate fulfilling these conditions. It is known thatindulgedinsaymgthis:that,whileatthenorthoftheState, any man who is the nominee will be likely to •joll tie entire strength of the Opposition, at the same time Mr. Bates, on such a platform as I trust will be adopted at Chicago, will carry 5,000 more votes than any other possible candidate. In the Hid District alone there are 1,000 voters, who could not be induced to vote for other prominent candidates whom I might name—at least in the event of a third candidate— who would gladly cast their votes for him, and about 3C0 of those are in the county in which your corres-pondent writes. " LEA THERWOOD. Bedford, Lawrence County, Ind., March 20,1860.— — ' • — • — ••. SEW ARD—FREMONT.cess;butwithJudgeBates,wemightaswellpostpone all hones of triumph till 1864 again brings us to the•vtupport ofhitMemorialtoCongrettonthe rubjeetofthe Pacific Railroad. -_WASHIKGTOK, April 2,1860.The Hon. SAMCBL R. C U M IS, Chairman of the Special Com- mittee on the Pacific Railroad.by"purchaseoftheveryeecurities,andadeliverytothe Companies of the maturing coupons thereon periodi-.•*>*he is a man of high ability, standing in the front rank To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.-- ., t& <• ..•decision of character, amenity of manners, inflexible religious principles, a noble patriotism, a remarkable skill in the control of men. He has never stooped in word or deed to any of the current arts of demagogue-promising with its sins, but by plaoing the Govern-He is a truly good and wise man. So much is con- ceded.that the projet designates neither route nor ter- the propose, amounting, probably, at par vaiue„to would all perhaps support Mr. Seward, if nominated, in professional politicians, but in true national states- mini. It leaves such designation, where it properly over sixty millions of dollars of such securities. AsI*' * •> /',••';,• '- 7V. •••• >t>,'.V 1! :••.-*1the party.And what is the foundation of these claims? Eminent public services, no doubt. Thus Mr. Seward, Mr. Chase, Mr. Banks, and others have rendered em bent public services, and the ajrument is that they are to be compensated by Presidential honors.Let as. reflect a little. These men have held high living in a Slave State,and in disregard of the menaces cessful campaign, should he be our leader. No, Mr. offices, and, v » admit, have done their duty; and theyhave had their reward, that is, their salaries and thehonorable lame attached to the positions they hiveperogation is altogether ficticious and unfounded. Co&vention of Missouri, he has "been asked to defineBut there are deeper and more radical objections to bis position, and this ho has done. He had no need to expedient to do so.The risk which Government assumes is, by my proven;eiit thereon for a series of years, have main- • ir-this principle of rewarding partisan leaders br high public oflice.- It is the very essence of demagoguism. Let it once be understood that a man may get the peo- ple in debt, and claim the Presidencyas ftis reward, and we lay before every aspiring politician the tempta- tion to act, not from a sense or duty, not from high principles of patriotism, but from a base desire to run up a bill that the public can only liquidate by the greatest office in their gift.And still again. All public offices are designed for the good of the people, and not for the good of the in- cumbents. The jftresidency has respect to the peace, happiness and prosperity of thirty millions of people, and is above and beyond all considerations of purchase and payment. It i»ja degradation,of the high trust of suffrage, to infuse into any election the idea that the people are in debt to a candidate, and must vote for him,.in order to' discbarge it. It is especially bass to introduce into a Presidential canvass the feeling that our choice is not free, but is to be controlled by obliga- tions in the nature of a binding debt.The only claims, worthy of a moment's considera- tion, in any candidate, are those which respect the pab- lio. He is the beit man, who is likely to be the most u.-efnl. ' Of course, no party will select a leader, who does not hold its vital principles; but as all elections are doubtful, availability becomes an essential element in a candidate. At the present moment, the Kepubli-. can paity will sin, grievously, if upon the pretense of personal claims, they select any other than a candidate who will.insure success. The Chicago Convention will ill discharge the duty imposed upon it, if it does not select the strongest of all the candidates holding Republican principles, in view of the popular vote. To run a needless risk, is to court defeat, and the'pros- tration, if .not the destruction of the sacred which cause is intrusted to (he Republican party.As to who is the strongest candidate, there will of course be a variety of opinions. Mr. " Geo.. P . Bissell. " President of the Harttord Fremont Club of 1856, and " a hard worker in 1860," tells us, to use his exact words, that with "Fremont, Chase, Lincoln, Wade, "Trumbull, and I believe Seward, we could carry " Connecticut." Bather a heavy load this—six pon- derous candidates—for one small State, but we are flad.to learn that the backbone of the land of steadyabit* is so strong. Many politicians hold that Mr.Seward is the strongest candidate, while a still larger*number, admitting his great ability, regard him, as togeneral popularity, as to the actual votes of the peo-ple, one 'of the weakest. W e do not believe hewould have the least chance of the electoral vote ofmake any new profession, to adopt any new platform,or to recant any old one. He had but to assert andexe mplify the principles of his whole politioal life, to the charges aid slanders brought against him would place himself, m all essential points, upon the doctrines cause the wavering and doubtful to become neutrals,tained their credit; others, and by no means an insigof the Republican party.It may be necessary to nctice one point urgedagainstMr. Bates by one ot your correspondents, viz., that he is tainted by Americanism, and therefore cannot be supported by thG German votes of the West. Mr. Bates was never an American, or Know-Nothing. He supported Fillmore in 1856, and so did thousands who are with us now. The fact is that Mr. Bates is especi- ally nopular with the Germans of the> West. In 1854 the German population started him, without a.nomina- tion, as candidate for the Land Court of St. Louis County, and he was triumphantly elected. Astute politicians of the West generally believe that Mr. Bates is the ODly Republican candidate who has a chance of carrying the important States of Illinois and Indiana. We believe he is the only Republican can- didate who can carry Pennsylvania.In regard to t^e question of availability, I reapoct- fulfy suggest the fact that Mr. Bates lives in a re note Western State; that he has not advertised himself from the Senate Chamber, nor from any other political rostrum; that no party machinery haB been at work to parade him before the public, and yet his name has slentlybut steadily crept over this country, pervadingand neutrals to become opponents; but give us our gal- lant leader of 1856, Fremont, and a glorious success will be ours; and lor the second place on the ticket give us the true and noble Clay of Kentucky.A REPUBLICAN FROM THE START. • .NVw- York, April 2,1860., +>COL. FREMONT.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: AS your columns are open to opinions and sug- gestions as to who may be the strongest and most available candidate that the Republican party could nominate for the Presidency, I beg leave to say that Col. John C. Fremont is the strongest man in the party for this portion of the Empire State that could be nom- inated by the Chicago Convention, although Gov. Seward would receive the full party vote. I see by your correspondents that hi? name has not gone into oblivion in other portions of the country, but that the very sound of his name adds new life and euergy to the party whose phalanx ho so nobly led in 1856. Cer- tainly, Lis cJa'ms are not inconsiderable. The infa- mouB slanders hurled against him by our adversaries inGen. Cameron in Pennsylvania will argue in his favor. Th-'s I cannot concede, when I bear in mind the want of entbupiagm with which his name was bailed when.presented by his friends at the late Ma33 meeting at Concert Hall, on March the 18th inst.During the evening, resolutions were offered, the last of which was as follows:" W e approve of the judicious and conciliatory action of our late Stato Convention' In relit ion to tho Presidential question; and it the Chicago Convention shall noaiinate for the Prenidoncy onr eminent fellow-citizen. Gon. Simon Cameron, we pledge htm tho vot« of thia city and this State; and we ore convinced that, in tho Pr<-»identiol. clmif, he would administer the Government with striking practical ability and unflinching fidelity to the interests of American labor, American freedom, and the Ameri- can Union."The North American, in its report on the 20th, says: " The resolutions were read by Mr- Cofl'ey, ore rotunda, and with considerable effect. Each one was applauded heartily, ex-cept the last, which was coldly received. Tho o hers V/DTQ adopted by acclamation. Tho l&»t speaker was Mr. Palmer ot Schuylkill County, who, eulogizing trie Hon. Simon Cameron in pointed .language. Was coldly received, after which the. meeting adjourned."This settles, then, the popularity of Simon Cameron in Philadelphia. But it may now be asked who is popular in Pennsylvania? In reply, I may say, that there is no name at whore mention more enthusiasm bss been manifested at all the Republican mootiugs I have attended, than that of Wm. H. Seward. His late Senatorial speech has established him here as the great leader of the Republican party.If, however, tie Chicago Convention shall nominate any reliable statesman, such as Bates. Chase, Fremont, or John M. Read, Pennsylvania will join in one unitedby contracts for free mail service." The Government is not to take the-first step, by the issue of its credit; thai is taken by the Association, and then Government issues no faster or further than the Association shall have already, by foregone and definite action, per- formed in anticipation ot ench issue. The onus of the work is on'the Aeeociation, Government only actingthe hands of tho bondholders—practically from an American to an European ownership—and without an effort in any quarter to devise means of relief which eball be salutary and effectual.It is admitted*^on all aides that the intrinsic value of these roa is and properties is far above the incumiA1 Inism than any other man in the nation; that he is a man before whose youthful vision a more than ordinary brilliant future was hung invitingly out. But like an ancient foe to Human Slavery he preferred to suffer af- fliction and persecution, and- endure hardships and re- proaches in Freedom's cause, rather than to roll in the palaces of the Slavery king. But whether or not Mr. C)8y shall receive the nomination, he and his friends will be found as heretofore in the thickest of the fight,battling for the Union, the Constitution, and Liberty.RvitellviUe, Ky., March 15,1860. GEO. D. BLAJCEY.A Connecticut correspondent writes as follow*:" A few weeks since, a Southern Member of Con- gress denied with much warmth the assertion of a Northern Member that slaves are sometimes burned inment, tmd alluded to some of tha benefits the '•ouutry w?ll derive, I propote now to notice some of the more prominent means by which theee results are to b? ac- complitbed, and the mapnerin which the railroad coaa- pan'ea find] other parties in interest may be protected and beijeiited.It m&y bo a query with some of your Committee asat last glad to see THE NEW-YORK TRiiiurfK—true to is petition of a people's paper—taking the iaiuatory in this important matter.The evil complained of has already gone to au ex- treme, much beyond the public forbearance, and the public welfare. We do not see tbat the railroads them-1 "*" -NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, APRIL 7, I860.9But is he a Republican 1 We answer, Yes; he is aRepublican, that has held Republican principles for fortyyears. . He has asserted ana vindicated them in everystage, from the establishment of the Missouri Compro- ness and ^difference which augurs anything but a suc- moee to the present day; and he has done this wniledition when it shall become necessary for the asaocia-1 tion to draw upon this escrow fund (say six or eight years hence) than now, it may safely be asserted that any means then required to complete the road can easily te realized. The benefits to stock and bond-every mountain and valley, every town and village; 1856 wonld cot BOmuch as be thought of in 1860, ex-11 .1.si181 r'r: ifila'i1 pJI.•t1 I•i\i 111the secluded hamlet, and the spiending prairie, un»il he unquestionably stands as the leading candidate be- fore the coming Convention at Chicago. Let those statesmen who hold success to be important in a con- test for principles, think of these things.cept to the injury of those whs use them. Let this bo taken into consideration.Col. Fremont wonld receive—if present omens are not deceptive—a stronger support from the " conserva- tive" element than would Mr. Bates, Now, this may teem strange, but it is true,nevertheless. The fact is, Mr. Bates has not the confidence of tho American peo- ple to any great extent. I speak of Col. Fremont as the most available candidate, but William H.Seward is our choice. Give us Fremont, Seward, Chase,sources that the means for euch payment could readilybe obtained thereon in our commercial marts. The pective Legislatures, or adopt such other measures asw.1CASSIUS M. CLAY.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.overrate them. Leaving out of visw tue ordinary land will redeem the Government bonds, the preeent .. ' iisFRANKLIN.Government's risk, therefore, is BO slight as to require nofurther consideration.But what have been the benefits, meanwhile, opened up in Government's behalf 7 It is hardly possible towill Eecuie to their stockholders the full benefits there- of; in which ce.se, assuming that the Pacific road corn- pitted shall be worth its cost—say one hundred mil- lions of dollars—and that the proceeds of the belts ofPENNSYLVANIA NOT FOR CAMERON.To the Editor of ThcN. Y. Tribune.It is due to the Republicans of Pennsylvania, that the report that is now being circulated of her advocacy of the claims of Simon Cameron for the Presidency, should be contradicted. The people of t h e . " Old Keystone" fully undeietand the nature of the times, andthey are aware that unless the oppositioncan nominate a genuine statesman, the battle is lost. They are aware, too, that tho country is not to be purged from the evils of the present administration by com-dynasty based upon a declaration of positive principles. from you, at least as regards this city. I have a large These requisites are embraced in the Republican plat- acquaintance wiih Republicans, and a'though they form, the genuine exponents of which are found, notextent of such excess, be belter able to perform the SIR: I bad the honor to present to Congress, TM Cen£ *?u ^faction of the Government thanDo not urge the. nominntion of a man who would barely get the votes of " Straight Republic ins-," whilemethod, rendered as trivial as anything which depends upon mere human action and contingencies can pos-sibly be. Its bonds are not issued until the soheme is to attaiu to this standard and position, have been over- If, then, we accept what we need, how enn we in practical operation, and then by installments, taken by the financial revulsion which so recentlyaccept Simon Cameron 7 and only for euch,amounts as have been first ab- overwhelmed the country, and are now not only dis- But it is urged that the personal popularity of solutely expended upon the road,.or are represented credited, but their roads and property are passing intoSin: The time is near at hand when the Republi-can party, through their Convention at Chicago, willagain unfurl the banner of Freedom, bearing an invi-tation upon its folds to every patriot in the land to rallyaround it. That we may do this in the assurance of acordial cooperation of those who place a proper esti-mate upon the value of our glorious Union and theConstitutional rights of our citizens, and the importance bers some 1,000 sou's. We take of THK TRIBUNE 42of restoring the action of our Government to the prin- Weeklies, 4 Semi-Weekly, and 20 Dailies. We gaveciples of our Republican fathers, it is of the first im- John C. Fremont a good round vote in '56, and wonldportance tLat our standard-bearer be a Republican like to try our hand at it again in '60. " Tho conies BatCb'H antecedents, he had better remain silent. IfPennsylvania, Illinois, or Indiana; and this we knowtobethe-opinionofwell-informedpoliticians. Chase, fromprinciple.Itissaidthat,upontheeveofahimport- "srebntafeeblefolk,yetmaketheytheirhousesinBanks, and Feeeenden are all advocated as available ant battle during the early p*iiod of the American Rev- " the rockp." The name of Sew;>rd is, as ever, dear to candidates by certain parties. olution, Washington said, " L e t none but Amer us, and he would doubtless b« t V li.-jt choice of a largeWhig, tx-practicol Emanclpatiouit't. and his'-d-me inoio Let us eee if wt> cannot attain a degree of certainty " icans be pnt on guard to night." Let us adopt the n>ajoi)'; ; but many fears a»o cu'- • *ainod by his warm-^ for the cause of Free Soil and treeL^bor than aUin this matter, by some general' considerations. We eet friends &B to bis Bncece.. '• -' .« receive the noml-~ Connecticut combined. Not that the gVhious SODS oflay Hd^wn, then, as a principle, that no candidate is sentiment, and order none but Republicans on guard in nation at Chicago. I am -wi'.i.-ii- d i apeak almost the Republicanism in that State are not willing but Mr.Banks, or whom you please; Mr. Bates an exception.but O, TRIBUNE ! makeDantviUe, N. Y., March 24.1860.A WORD FROM CENTRAL NEW-YORK.CORRECTION.To the Editor of The A". Y. Tribune.SIR: W e would like the. floor about two minutes be-.Sin: I noticed a communication in your paper a few days eince, from a correspondent in Connecticut, ob- jecting to the nomination of the Hon. Edward Bates of Miieouri for Piesidcnt by the Chicago Convention, stat- ing that the German Republicans would not vote for a man who had been the President of a Kiww-Nothing Convention. H your correspondent ia ignorant of Mr.•• ' Pi}*•>? •<ai•••< • \•-...,; >\: :fore the meeting adjourns. Our village (llion) num-likely to be elected who has no political friends out of 1860. It cannot be doubted for a moment that the Re- unanimous ecntimeut cf the RepubiicdUd in this section, Bates has been able, as well a» willing. Let,the C,:ID- to protect the property ami liveenow daily uugaicnt'ng t is apparent that as the copltal of the associat'on isTo the Editof The X. Y. Tribune./avorite ticket in these parts is that headed: "SEWIRD AND BATES !"<am,<m3,0C0,0Ot i,5c«),<m1.800,W»S I H :ftOURCANDIDA TES.A B, ard he suhectibes for and i* enti'led to '. of the capital of the aasooiation on p*yiit^ ono-fourth in money, aad properly «ec«iing tho remaining three foin thi.A B, u» an associate, is now interested in the govern. meat V agreement to itsue its bonds '.Oie-lutf to bo received by the association and applied cfr*ct)j to tho coustzuotion of the road pari passu, with its invottmentiThe other half, which is to be received by the associa- tion, on deiivf ry by it to the Boatd of Commission- er* of the contract of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail- road Company, for thirty years' mail service, free, will be invested in the undoubted securities of the Baltimore and Ohio Company, and will purchase at tho nominal par va'ue thereof, say\ \ Hch bor dk *o purchased are to be held in e*croto, by tbe ahscclntion until needed for proseoution of the road.There wilHje some dispute as to which name should stand first; and some questioning whether the candi- dates would accept in such a combination; but its suc- cess would be sure, if arranged somewhat as follows:Let the Republicans, as the longest branch of theGive us any Republican who was engaged in the great battle of '56, and who'presents a''" clear record,"PACIFICRAILROAD.I shall not institute a comparison between Mr. BatesAnd thua, under pretense of serving the cause of prin- and any other probable candidate, but trust I shall be and we will work hard, with, a good prospect of suc- Letter of Edward Learned of New-York, in explanation and negotiaticn with the creditors holding such coupons, or\scratch.Chicago, March 21,1860. :AN ILLINOIS -REPUBLICAN.• • •-cajjy as they matur*, and in amount as stated; from •;<?.<*yet a great many think it poor policy to nominate him. men. If then the Chicago Convention will select one belongs, with the wisdom of Congress. Its aim vs the companies will be in much more prosperous con-Outside of the "Ward Associations," where some en- thusiasm is gotten up for him by would-be party lead- ers, his probable nomination is received with a cold-of the latter, how can the choice fall upon Simon Cameron 1to bmld the road, and to build it by such method as ehall not only insure its earliest completion, but most widely diffuse its varied. benefits through the en-Surely he can urge ro claims based upon his past tire community. history. , .Is it possible that Pennsylvania, if disposed to be The status of Government inthematter—the risks (if holders of the companies are varied and vast; Tha whicn frowned upon him. Who has done more ? Greeley, Mr. Seward's name would fail to arouse en- influenced by juet considerations, can forget or for- . any) that it will assume by the loan of its credit—the aggregate nominal amount now invested in rail- I know it is urged that Mr. Batea has never come thusiasm-among the mass of votera. In 1844, a promi- give the dark transactions in the notorious Winnebago security that it will receive for the just performance of roaos is, by reliable statistical returns, over one into full communion with the Republican party. I nent motto of the Whigs was, "Excitementis BUCCOSS," Indian claims, and conscientiously deposit her vote for all the proposed undertakings—its coexistent aa well as thousand millions of dollars, of which about,•iliBhmente,- learned mind, decision of character, UQ-nificant portion in numbers or merits, while strugglinglemished reputation—in a word, a statesman. Eco»ps the great Republican phalanx.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.informed, he had better adhere to the tntttt. Mr.Bates never was in a Know-Nothing Council, meeting,or Convention in any capacity. He is au " Old-Line"atd inevitable advantages that accrue, not only at the teimini, but at intervening point« on all trunk roads, the benefits that will arise from the nearer approxima- tion of such important regions aa the Pacihc and At- laitic COB6tt, being, as they are, in the direct line of ci mmonication ot the entire commercial world, and the conHequtnt peopling of the intervening space with an industrial aid enterprising ea odos from all parts of tbe civilized-world, appear to vast in perspective as almost to overshadow the more immed'ate and widely diffuecd effects re*ultir>g from the regnlar and Bteady disbursement of such enormous amounts as in the con- struction of the road will be distributed for labor aod materials through all avenues and channels of busiceas and society.Viewed as a matter of public policy, that is a wise and just use of Government credit wn'ch enables tho px*6*nt generation, by the appropriation of the pro- ceeds ot a comparatively small portion of the public domain, to establish a ra*!roud nncieus from wu'cb will spread out au empire over thG b^sin of the Mississippi, as well as afford to Government fuclitiesinpoiceor warstockholding interest in the United States will be en- hanced in value by proprietorship in the Pacific road one bundled millions pf dollars, equal to au addition of twenty per cent on the par value of the present entire stock.Tbe Stbtes which have loaned their credits to roads within their borders,"and which have already been, or which may hereafter bo induced to waive the priority of their lieLs in favor of lees' powerful creditors, have interests in the proposed measure sufficiently obvious to make any thing more than an allusion to them un- necessary.I have already trespassed too much on yourpatience, and will close this unavoidably-extended letter with an illu&Uation in figures, which can readily be applied to any road in the country in ascertaining the effect of the proposed method upon such road.Taking as au example, eay the Baltimore and Ohio Bailroad Company, with a present mail-pay assumed t cue hundieo thousand dollars; aid assumiog tus resci t mail-pay by rail (fcr convenience of figure*) to e $3,333,533, (instead of the actual eum, $3,243,974),l'hiladtlphia March, 22, I860. MR. BA TES-Avaea for the nomination be fairly conducted, and if ifr. Butee be not snccet-afnl, his friends will not complain, although they generally believe that with him rc-cts our oiilv hope of euccess.Ken-fork, March 20, i860.MODE OF CHOOSING PRESIDENTS.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.Sin: I am one of the many persons in favor ofyour plan of felecting the candidates for the Presidency,viz: indorsement of each person's choice on the elec-toral ticket which he may vote. It is now too la*e toUse the plan for the present campaign, but as manyperscjBs (in each party) will not like the choice of theConventions, and will at the same time with to votetheir party ticket, I wonld suggest that the variousthe South, and pronounced the declaration false.Southern brethren are generally sincere men.Our TheySin: Permit an ardent friend of the Union, whoseRepublicanism is never doubted by those who know the views of an Illinois Republican would not be con- in the world ? He don't take the papers. His roadshim, to make a suggestion on this subject. Living, as sidered inopportune. arewjstched. The mail is brought to him perhaps creditors of the respective Companies, which would be ' Keep th* Pacific Railroad entirety fees from*this de-I iillh lillityOUT correspondent does, in one of the doubtful Slates, and knowing something of the state of politics there, it is to be hoped that this suggestion will have its due weight. And lest I should be obnoxious to the charge of urging the claims of some favorite candidate to the personal oisparagement of any other, leS me frankly confess that I have a favorite, and for whom I mean to contend; nor do I expect to have anything to " i*e- " tract or explain away, in the event of any possibleA Lincoln, by our Convention, would best Buit the feelings and desires of the mass of Republican votersplace in his own State, to say nothing of more distant eections. In proof of this, see the assertion of thenot pledged some majority; but there is but one way in which this 'and doubtful can be done. Li. 1856, the vote of Indiana stood asthe State, without which our candidate stands without any better effect than.to brutalize the feeling of a community. Severalbave already been burned in Montgomery County, with-the ghost of a chance of receiving its Electoral vote. out, it seems, decreeing oiime among them."Aesociation, who shall be intrusted with the duty..of apportioning the proposed capital of the Associationr<>-,')relates the histories of two cases of heart disease, mwhich, after death, the microscope showed the heartsto have undergone extensive.fatty degeneration,;. The moecular tissue, on analysis and comparison w#h two- analyses of healthy hearts,,proved to contain-less fatthan the latter. Dr. Weber refrains from drawingspositive conclusion from these cases, but s u g g e s t s l i h a t ^ r ^ r possibly what is termed fatty degeneration consists, ">the doonvof any candidate that is pretented in defiance chanan, f*8,670. Buchanan over both opponents,Here it is stated by an Alabama editor that " sev-chances of success in Pennsylvania, which is abso- parties as may desire tojoin the Association4 ef the views we have here suggested. We do not JL909. Now, letitbe remembered, that in no State in believe that either New-Jersey or Pennsylvania or the Union is the Democracy more thoroughly dividedlutely Deceseary to effect the result for-which we ery County. Several in a single county; and yet They should also be empowered to finally determme battle, then it behooves the Republican Convention to this Southern Member is not a ware that negroes are all qutFtions requiring prompt action, sach as local unite upon one who, if the election took place to- burned in the South. He would do well, on retaining variations in the " alignment" of the read, &c.: the morrow, would carry the entire North-West, including.?/•>•:;- •{-•••'• • " • ' '-' ' '•'•ST-:.' ?b*•• ..».u>-,asx- •vr .*-. <.; wmBm4&&Xty$sof the party here, acknowledge the higher claims of could lave been simpleton enough to have made th Wm. H. Seward, and think it justly due him, as the statement he did if he had been in possession of theresources for tbe completion of the road to the Pacific to be realized therefrom, would be vastly reduced, aad the success of the entire enterprise jeoparded.ried through and sustained, without deeding^ to it one acre of extra land, and -without calling upon or waiting- for the feeble aid of a faltering and bankrupt Govern--• • ' • :t'•:''•tvariably keeping them in a minority, and thereforenever giving them practical efieot. But. happily,while there are many such, the vast majority of thepeople of-all parties are patriotic; they look upon Gov-ernment as'having the good of the whole nation in " nomination." That favorite is the distinguished, pa- sentative man in our ranks. If Gov. Seward is deemed is aware, nothing is more common in the line of be far better adapted to the prosecution of tho road,view. The maj«rjty of the Republican party espe- triotic, union-loving citizen.^ho shall be nominated at sufficiently available by the Convention whioh is soon ' summary vengeance on niggers,' than burning them both in its general policy and in matters of detail than National Currency, for cue thintf, which will be so cially love'the Union, and seek to perpetuate it. Taey the Chicago Convention. With any man who has the to meet in thia city, the only queetion which should any attempted cirect action of the companies, which, enstitutec' that it will open ample employment witharise to debar his receiving the nomination is removed. at the stake. See the following, which I clip from a fjom the very nature of things, would be subject to all wple icages and ample HOMES to laborers of every If the doubts about bis/ carrying Pennsylvania are paper published in Montgomery, Alabama, which has the fluctuations and changes ia the v.'ews and interests Jj>es. And I venture tbe statement, or, if you please, removed, it will be an act of grOBS injustice to him if just come to hand, and which is called The Herald. of constantly changing local Boards of DirO&tors. he prophecy, that the Pacific Railroad will need thisIt is devoted to the cause of religion: In reference to the proposed Board of Commission- element for its full success, as other railroads and' ers, I deem it essential to the enterprise that parties be other great popular interests willfor their relief.desire reconciliation with the South, and a restoration least shadow of a chance there, as our standard bearer, ef that amicable and beneficent social and commercial Irdianana will make a respectable fight. With very intereourse which, until recently, has bound them to- few men can she succeed. Some of your correspond- gether* *W< *•"•.''acknowledged leader of our party from the days of its facts in the case. For, as you have abundantly shown infancy, and now, perhaps, the most thorough repre- and as every man who has traveled through th* SouthAgain, an association originating from the railroad companies, yet entirely independent of them, wouldmei.t. ...-. , it_ . , ' •>•.lhe n:eisures I propose involve the idea of a neureven Indiana, by heavy majorities, and by advices received from Pennsylvania, would, we believe, leadto his constituents, to employ his influence to buildroads through his State, and jailrcads, with now andthen a line of telegraph, and multiply papers and post- of its bonds to the Association, by. a supervision over routes, thus opening the means of inter communication, itB disbursements and transactions; aud also should act and finishing, himself and others with iucraasedfacil- £s trustees for the Government under the mortgage of•••--State Legislatures now in eeeaion each eiviict a law re-opposition, set forth the ticket as above. Then let oniriDg their canvassers when cbuLting tho votea for appear from a moment's consideration of tho practicalthem offer to all other opposition pa*Liee, that if theywill unite on the same electors, they shall have theticket reversed in tha Electoral Colleges, provided they(the other sections of opposition) cist votes enough tothe electoral t'eket to also count such indorsements as citizens may chooee to n'aco on their ballot?. Tina will fcive ef«cb person, while votmg his party electoral ticket, a chance to show his own choice, whioh heoperation and ell'ect of each system. . In the cases re- ferred to, the lands paseed rapidly from the corpora- tions to trustees as collateral to mortgage bonds, to be sooner or later conveyed to the agents of the fo-.eign capitalists and ironmongers who have famished theIi i if;1mean to speak the truth, especially when they areaware that their reputation will suffer if their utter-KEYSTONE.'.• .*A. M.toin the election. Thin result would be reached thus: wonld not do where these indorsements arenotoounted roeani> and iron procureo by such bond«, thus placing M'ZE, to be delivered to the Baltimore and Ohiomark who ca*t them for" Seward and Bates," and who hex:ce we shall not be troubled with that great ham- purchase of ho7i and • otht r materials. Such laud have cost and to be worth, which he will then sor-election is certain. Then the clamor about disunion, in favor of " Bates and Seward." At tho same time, bug, a National Convention. As this is no party mat- grants have ever been regarded of equivocal expe- Hi.dci to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company,eecest-ion, and resistance to the constituted authorities of the Government will be numbered with the things that were, and treated as a tale that is told. In select- ing Mr. Clay,as our standard-bearer, we will have the proud satisfaction of knowing that he has made muchlet all the Electors stand pledged, that if an oppositionmajority aie elected in November, then, upon their as-sembling as an Electoral College in each State, theywill decide between the ticket of " Saward a-ad soon follow;Bates," and that of "Bates and Se ward," upon this Stanford, Conn., March, 16,1860. principle. If the votes that indicated the latter ticketdiency, and have been only rtBorted co as the bestkrOwn mears of promoting necessary intercourse,where inadeqoate money resourced left no other alter-native. Unaer my proposed method the money will servant, EDWA'RD LEARNKO. bo realized at home, and our coal and iron fields,result if they had been left out, (not counted on the other side), then all the opposition EIooL.u-s throughout the States will vote for and put in " Bates and Sew- ard." But if, on the other hand, the " Seward and Bates " ticket has a clear majority on the popular vote without counting tho reet of the opposition,' then " Seward and Bates "will be voted by all the Electors.Does not thiB plan take away all risks from the Re- publicans, while at the same time offering to the rest of the opposition the very best ihing they could possi- bly accomplish 7 Give us them for our battle-cry:" SEW ARD AND BA TES ! "Youm, &c, FREE MONTE.SEW ARD OR LINCOLN.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune:In the first place, though the nomination of the Hon. only once a week. He is ignorant of what ia takiug embariaeeed, if not completely estopped, if they were t trBtabl* abominath n of land monopoly. Let the landsdirect recipients of the bonds proposed to be leaned I e> for the people, to have and to hold in their own in-Thtir higher grades of securities would be eo advanced dividual a&d just proportion. And I assert, beoause itin the bands of the holders (principally Europeaua) id susceptible pi the clearest demonstration, that the of this State, I, in common withprobably nineoutof ten Member of Congress above referred to. He never that, the escrow fund, hereinafter reierred to, and the Pacific Railroad can be built, and most effectually car-on the 25th ultimo., a memorial setting forth, in now. That they will make the proposed, contracts for brief outline, a projected method for constructing a SZffifSEfe?** ^diily Perform them,.scarcely•Ta••*%railroad to the Pacific; through the territory of the United States, which was referred to your Committee. • In that memorial the necessary brevity compelled me to omit all else than a mere glance at the more salient points of the project, without elaboration orcomment; but I stated at its close that I was prepared with details for the examination of your Com nittee.I now propose (assuming that your Committee arefamiliar with the memorial), as briefly as is consistentwith a full understandkg of my view?, to specify themost important of these details, to enow their feasi-bility, and the desirableness or the project, that the" " °J d o u H *% considered in connection witk other atd vast benefits to enure to them in case of do» perfor mance which will be hereinafter alluded, to.In regard to the means to build the road, the associa- tion, when duly organized, will have in hand, or subafter the Association performs, or pari passu with brances held abroad; yet it is patent to aU who aresuch performance.This estops all risk until the road's completion; and,meanwhile, the road as executed is mortgaged to the •jJovernment Trustees as security for its completion, and the free mail service is being performed on all contracts with existing companies.The position of the Government upon the maturityof i(s bonds will be, that it haa paid no moneys not de-rived from land Bales, except such aa it-would havepaid for corrent mail service (and probably not asmuch); and it has outstanding only such of its bondsne sball then be unredeemed by the sales of the desig-nated belts of land, for tbe redemption of which itwould have not oi/ly the uuao'd l»nds, but alao theobligat'on of the Association, ssenred by a first lienmortage on the entire line of a completed Toad to thel'acific, in full operation, so ample in value and re-conversant with the difficulties of making the combina- tions of interests, and procuring the money necessary to protect our inferior liens against the superior foreign ones, that the domestic stock and bondholding interests must succumb to the foreign, and to an extent which will spjead disasterand ruin broadcast over the coun-try if these interetta are much lorger left unaided.I claim that this scheme furnishes the requisite relief both to stock and bondholders by temporarily retiring-(in eserotc) such aa amount of the threatening liens aa will allow the full merits aid resources of the roads to be developed before payment shall be demanded and enforced.Tbe railroad companies will doubtless all avail cf the right to designate parties who may subscribe the capi- tal tf the association, aud, in the absence of legal abil- ity to directly assume the responsibilities and portions of tuch paniee, will either obtain it from their res-i|\:' 1f/rea*er in extent than thoee of any other oantxy onBances are shown to be erroneous. The difficulty with to the necessity for an association rather than a direct selves are at all advantaged by the immense laudarrangement with the existing Railroad Companies. Ifthem often lies in the fact that they don't know whatthe truth is. They have no means of ascertaining.Take a man residing in the interior of Tennessee or gaging in enterprises foreign thereto; but the power ger tbat, at tbe end of certain five-year bonds, the £ i-.V>EO, the answer will be. that certain of these Companies grants with which they have been gifted; but on the. are known to be prohibited by their charters from en- contrary, aa a Western paper justly says, there is dan-f- IIg•* rties first entitled to subscribe thereto, I FATTV DECELERATION or THE HEART. — Dr. among the parties **.»- - , . , —tberoed. . , .ities for information. This is what he and his State In referenceto the mail service, the impression will of the fat, normally a constituent of the muscular fibril,' ;morethan grateful for such luxuries. ..,-•:';The admission of the extract above, coming fromHthe DaifcT, Sa«H-Wsaatr, and W*SS.LX TB,I9V«*, for aaU.>.&i - ~:ia «:*I».-4iwhich it wul appear that the Companies will, to thejeet to its order the fall capital.of ten millions of dollars. It .will receive, fifty utOHons of dollars of Government bonds pari -passu with ffl* investments, in the conBtTuction-oftheroad. It will alsohold (in escrow, on terms agreed npon 'with the companies or their creditors) the higher.jrrades of se-The coupons for intwrent thereon, or $12f,000 per an- Con.pacy aa they mature.i l l 1 1i f> 6 Ii i|I'-•-X.:•••£I;I: ...,.,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com.••' •' >•'• 