 rwiththefirstinstallment thenletitrest ;at the seeingImeeasineisthrownonthearchitectand tionsless less bimoane,— boilers. TheJouaUasoB'shealthwaapropoaedanUgaaaiaia^'^'1-**.begun nightn*perhaps twentyhuman lives.A score ofpillars;the Sizty-Blnth, aad Col. Graham, ef tte IslBiilMhIof creationCet af CuBharaa,£|tsljieTiodCongress, why did they the laws of physical science. It is this: throw that out of the question altogether, and,master.And yet, within four hours of the time whenPowers should agree to cut the gordian knot ples, apparent exceptions may sometimes twelve mUes an hour because we cannot spoken of with admiration by all ttei-latATBC-Tnat- malting andcommon road traction one half, at the expense*»* ^-_ OMIOXH—Ouns Tmu.Kn>K-8 THBliic-JBAna DaiM, M •Axonr-Oewm Bnuday eTening. at an hour when halCthe worid of New-Toik waa just begianing to think how It should amuse itself in the pleasant Interval be- tween dinner and bed, a tenement house in Ehn in thispressing anyotheruponflieinstantexecutingregulate engi- —8nnu> mi-M*M» Jltiro .'#ij|iiW»IUJrOAlB thethey could KxsT, HioHLAss —On Gc^a*.JtCUOS.,,^says alarm-hnes^^^j.^^ of the principle of non-intervention the ledger cut down expenses ^risk every-o'clock tbe BsgliitThe eompaalea ase a* _rEuropeanNo break m the "Byand the ball was At 11 epeaed.I,itsof^MsBaaaaCmA was efEscted, Col. FoaaiT being the success-;theofwhichwouldhaveconferredsomuchhonor hi*bodytothedestroyerto-morrow?The Pacific Railroad.of the French andty, stating that the distribution of tbe Holy Soriptnresful >nitaii1 The vote stoodtegisEngland,them.Jas. O. AlWBV, the Clerk of the Thirty-fifth Congress,a vote oT 18 to 6.The Senateadjourned pointedto " make anexaminationof theman-thehundred,tearinghis innoceaee, alleglsg that a cer-:Fosnkt, 112;We elect our ownworld whenever we like and to any extentapply more than shams and traps.Bmiaioi mof carnage are not above nine days' duration, good 'hard road requires. Planks, timber*, or Batweea aeren and eight o'clock on Thurs- of Thursday night that we reverently forbear will wake np the public to the neoe^sity of lines of ballast, laid to gauge, would reduce—I(aa>AnlTal aflte Medh[-Xttrmw *IT nut Gumu TliLaw «Aisza—XTealns—Hca-an IS luuuof a Congress.road engines or steam carriages to push for-HKABBBOJlSWAT-Uoputr t% Tmm.8AL00V—SaoEai Causn'a MrasTtiu. SUtDKK—Vas AMBUxaa k C*.'i VuMaamu.out allour part shrill irons" of hundredstouchingtheadvisabilityofoutofeachstephavingnotaccommodattoaofmany,who,a'HB^TO OF THE DAY.f*^"'"hf ezploaioo'*^No frost would be regarded by said Cabinets as a casus A fewbelli.thinglong enough.there are some soon practically commenced, is so doubtful asCkHnpaay, Capt Wit. MiBaaw. Second Company, Capt Joaa HeOsner. Third Company, Capt Taos. BABa,«T.Fourth Hsea MoKai. CoBipaay, CaptSeventh Company, Capt Joasn LadW."—tunity for England and her Govenunent to devoted getyetwho, premature date, believeBMfwentjr-foar hoars which were introduced A* dfswtt—oDS of a boiler in WUliama-Now here was an excellenton the successors." And—and other fires fortunately, soencouragementready well enough known to many a fact asJI CItj b concerned, nnattended with loss—Shall it be a railroad or nothing ?1 in aWbea fonied for review, the martial aapeanBos •( liberate on Italian affairs if the Western to which, as with all other established princi- Shall we punish ourselves by refusiag the men, and their handsome ni|[hi«~t closs of which in the interraldeploi^leproperty. occurred inI CooDtf, Pennsylvania, was less sparing I at lb. 9amu; at Hyde Park, taking fireended, as it began, with a rsToltareand fiiemen speedily extricated the killedIvamidadfrtliatbeitiins. Kost of the latter froni OShad happened—IlessChristianthanHi* lack of jadgment in laying the our own the despotism of privilege in the the sway of her present pacific Emperor, and no such thing. It isand slowercarelessness or established and partially-settled route, on force. Tbe health of Oovermr Kaigaa aad faiaUtrserionslyNow, if thishappenedfaraway tectress of liberty? Could they not appreciate solid water at all parte, under heavy firingrtakan to the Hospital.> fyiy of Inqneat which has been so Inng in-over it the regimeat roasiata Oof twvo oisIMsIibaiBiIS dna evasBBS.atThe ottwr UIs aplaid pants. rffisBian>a».«Swith black tassels ;t at the stmctnre, Mr. Cbaiu.K8 L. —againstdespotism?talk aboutandthere isstagestram-carriagesold,plauee. Capt Maaoa respoaded in a speech of neat/ad flooiinn, and the insufficient inspec-—the despotism of race in the Southwas then prc^xwed amid the greatest eathnsiam.fllfcjBjljililiCityof tbe American BiUejSn^taderhlm in the 'eyesrespon-the freeshall we see in it here ?theingManagersSodelyifiiHrtbecalamity.verycommercehasalreadyfoundachannel. SETTS BY TELEGRAPH.washeldattheBibleHonseat*MP.M.,oaThu*-hethe iron pillars and sup.the mastersdifectedof home of1necessityscience instead of the ledger, for building for- riages are proved to run cheaper on good com- mulae. mon roads in England than horses, at a speed—^cent.luimtayiViitweTaredmoatofIhadadlBa neededtosatisfyasthatitbwiseaadwaOto oomboatlblemaxieTAnpinAib»iattfi^*»>- fafvopertion «baa that o< conunonroailater fa thadNiR aa* oleeed mtmln. Voohaag_eiia Moaey aSatra, or in bills oa Bonpe; Londoa« prevent drunkennesa, proatltntloa and in-sorbed Governmentaible ahow of "who,with «< giaTSvehktlM. Ob one of qnarterthe New-Taik<judgesiff, I. Seeeaaary ta elect. 111. Col. Fokhi-^ we go and come at our liking, monopolize as weooe &*a Bar. S.B.TaxAT,oftheAmericanBoardofCommlaslaiara for Foreign Uissions, in regaid t* priattna the Chara- kee Scriptures, and one from a re-Tli fiainiBL Tatlob, of Tennessee, 23Blarylaed;herdistributionamong cotmtrymen. SpanishMhtasaad Testaments were granted far dlstiibatioa la Mex- ico by the Society's agent, and boolu in the aasM laa-scatter- Aa*iliK bisni sworn and installed, the election of acapacity i<iynflfiiTjInnd,waschoeen,obtaining114votes thingsofthislife.Ol laiMil ill\ Ime waa proceeded with. Mr. Horr-policy,adoptionWhose turn will come next ? Who will;;Why, therefore, did the British Government de-much as ouragain ask,good cline to become parties to aroom engineers look into the ledger again.giveAhsapous, Md., Friday, Feb. 3. The Maryland Legislature to-day received theNorwegiaa lady, turning thanlu to the Society for a grant of baoka farat n^4»lWcwit.cest," we would counsel no haate iatoplao- aflawa mflUons ofBaliwaya, the croesweightis4Pdownward. Floor and Wheat attracted lass atten- Don and weca heavy. Com was scarce and want-regaidBut WB submit that the case of Mr. W.ABuro'8 house on Elm-street makes it quite ia order forsteady4,600 Ibe., or 60inq>eetioD,"The sales of Cotton were Uraited ; prices tended thoee features of the Committee's recom- human beinga to pass their preearioOB live* over Iba. tnetioB, per passenger, while In oaniagesed at firmer rates. Provisions were leasdealt in. Sugara, Naval Stores, Metals and Teas—thra. Baaiplea of Bn>adata8ii, inclnding Wheat,if traffic is notlittle would be. w_An unknown— Wheat-lloiB,Bye,BarleyandOata, fromOallfbr-except a higher speed, cotton uCity, cangfat fire in the ba8»- ment nehousewaanotemptyofinhabi- tants, for no lees than twenty-four families— When a commercial instltotion is established which cannot be maintained by horses sayyondtbe reach of human for all around help,rightefortunes in it without examination oradaptednot organized ontii Jane 20, 18M, tke anticipateavtrynumerousattendaaoe. T^Nyssas^life.ward again into the wilderness, and so on, tillhour forroomsfortheladleswerepackedwithIda,shawls, bonnets, Ac, so that another reoB had ta be afor thestreet,saving the lives and property endangered by A this good servant, so suddenly become a cruel:were le i tewed Oea wiBa of that gentleman, and three chil- tliis conflagration first broke out, the whole[Inthe flaimea. Mrs. Eluu.T,with three hoiue had fallen to tbe ground, burying with the British Government are inleaped from a second storr window flieOMelTes, not without serious injury,ownruins tbe burned and blackened ruinseasilymeshes of that dreaded•r^Bt ongerooa servant of industry, steam. sufferers, within the same space of time not assent to the bold and wise steamBat weeu 7 and 8 o'elocit, yesterday morning, a propositionboilers, made of a fair quality of irontobeas fast asto frfix Glosbbkiibsb. The choice of other offi- any people ever were, carry our own weal or on themselves and their and ao r^Badeferredtonextweek TheBepublicans nation,Theleadingmenofbothpartiesdenoimcedthem as a proposition for natfonal treason.many i to procure an adjournment to Monday, woe in our own keeping, may make our City benefits and blessings on Italy ? Forsooth,;ScceasloB at > Dlseeaat ta tbe Iieslslatarp.was progressing actively In Francewe abuse all thewill allow of theWe are our own masters iffreelymendations.rotten anddriving Tankee, who risks allventure, he can pUe up the almlgbty dollars ;twa-third looda theonly 400 IKa. per poasenger, and the tracUon, on the whole, 1ms than on many raUroadawere qtilet New-Orleans Molasses was more tbe Legislature to take np, at least, the second and tbe sweet-tempered juryman, who adver- where the traiBc ia not sofficient to fill thesoDglit after, as were likewise CoSee, Bice and Clover Seed. Whisky waa plenty and lower. Lin- seed OILvaa ia fair demand. Frolghts were iaac-of the Committee's possible that Mr. Wabihob burned to death in the'"^ — dippar-achoaDecJHIltTW MiiiMiii JAiwtOu Hurwraa lodged within its over- hospitable walls. It dence of thu is his recent proposition to the the earlier portion of ite career, invest their the highway, which, as it gradually turned into Guard, Col. Taos. W. McLxat, gave thetraratfMCatood on no bleak, deserted, isolatedheight,be-British Government for tbe securingThondar Mi^'^iB* an iron railroad, would become to at the City Assembly Rooms. As the analmant wmteemswithswarminghuman The night, as we have said, was but juatcontrary, daily pected to blow up, break down or tumble toscienceotSeeisdM^aat therefore, most agreeably aorprtaed whan Vlftie 1^neighborhoodOne of the objecte of Iiord Cowlkt's visit to London, according to the in-— aneithernor —dark, stormy but, telligence just received hy the America, was to built for a percentage of the cost which all through gradual and safe development, the were informed thatthe tworoona aa<asdkaaaiaa-Aa>lIia.TuDmrsoRHiDsAMAna thoughcold,clearandpleasantenough,witha ,soundthebright Winter moonlight to tempt thousands of of Napoleon,ofthat Government,onthealonewholewould becom- hastened theandavenues, and make the ice-ponds of the Central collective note to the varioushappyPark ring with thewith resolute, *,withitaholocaustofunwarned men,bentuponextinguishingtheflames,andi prolific of calunitiei. The &i|fatnill;[burning buildingsldllfli], rid of that Congress to which they lookFor countryprolonged slaughter. friends. And shall the be deprived ofwe mention one fact al- all the proposed facilities until tbe question issettled ?vigorous people "an alreadyRailroad, as a railroadmen at this in to menace the hopea of ite most sanguine10 o'clock there were nearly 2,got pefaana pseaaLof France and work outherowndestinies.would be leftwho know how to —thefree to advance in the career of liberty, and to coste something perhaps twenty perImt iqaBBCtoally, tbe Democrats demanding action whatsoever we will. And what is the result ? because they were a Constitutional Govern- Before Mr. Buchakan pertects his noble There was quite a strong vote to lay them oa the guage for circulation In Cos*& Rica. (Jrsnta of booksopWUiB Post-office Appropriation. Mr. Phclfs an*tke necessary notice ofthat measure prior tofamilies of American citizens are crowded, on this sixtieth year of the nine-scheme of two Pacific Railroads, he would do table without reading them, and they would have In German and English were made for dlstrtbnttoa labeen so of but for the of due to Indiana; of Bibles and Testaments tor Nova 8ooiia; dispoKd plea respect of volumes in German, American and Frencli, for a sovereign State. They were finally made the order sale and circulation by Mr. Busa, the Society's ageat waa annoaneed, wonli be named on Wednesday. teenth century, into a building so constructed of policy which might possibly involve ing one. Senator Gwin's bill proposes to of the day for Wednesday next. at Constantinople, aad ofboobs la varloas laagaagea The det»te upon the resoluUoiu was of the most for dlttnbutlim hy caotalas sailbig (or forsiga porta.we adjoamment. Aa Standing Committees, itofin hostilities —a!to avery prudentwell to consider some feasible plan for build-Twenty-lourment, and could not pledge themselves, with-'.' Aicfffaapoodent at Washington transmits what that when a fire breaks out in one of its lower their 'countryinvolve the Government to the extent of thirty-Rev.JobsCorroa ofthis Shitb,was a appoinsdout the consentParliament,courseoaMta t« be a Presidential programme ar-lei between the Bepublican and floors, not all the zeal and all the apparatus of answer, doubtless, and charmingly indicative four millions, and forty thousand square miles exciting character,Lords Palmirstom and Rcsskll's of land, and to allow twelve years for tbe com- pro-raty,member of the Committee on DIstrUMittoa ia plaoe ofje dayan membeis of the House. According to the File Department, not ail the eager sympa- ofRev. G. T. Bbbsll, D. D., reaigaad. Rev. Junius P. Mooas was appointed Agent far Nacfh Car-my iBblHrT, Ifr. Edwabd Batis, of Missouri, is to thy of a whole population wide-awake and hur- fotmdRightfor the Three Estates of the pletion of the road. So far as now appears, Carolina tells him that Maryland cannot see any re. olina, in place of Rev. Mr. Boaatn, raaigaad.respect daaey, with Gen. Caxibom, as Vice-President. rying to the spot, can save one-third of them Realm!Governor Bicxs' letter to the Governor of South this Eimi may be swelled to sixty millions by lief for tier, Init injury, in the establishment on herbe btoo^t forward as a candidate for the Presi-AaiSICAK GlBXBAL CowuTTBB.—'Bw AmpiL can General Committee met last evening at No. VO Bowery, the Preaident A. i. H. DnaanB, la the Chair. Some dlscuBion ensued upoa the qnestiaa as to whether the delegates from the Taotb Ward whsThe platform is to be distinctly national and con- from perishing, as it were, before our verj- We trust, however, that the constitu- interest;three millions per year will have toborders of a foreign asylum for her fugitive slaves.aenrattve ; and Mr. Bxwabd is to be compensated eyesT)y the most agonizing of deaths. Truly tional of these statesmen will not de- be paid in transportation, or the debt will con- far the omission of his name, with the French scruplesmli^Mkand the reversion of the higher office in our vagrant philanthropy need give no rest ter them from submitting the proposition of tinue to increase indefinitely. Contractors andThe DenverLiAviirwoETB, K. T., Friday, Feb. 3.1864. Tba tale n non vera i ben trotato. to the sole of its foot, merely from the preju- the French Emperor to the Parliament—which speculatois may get paid, but the Government's The Overland Express from Denver City ar- contested the seats oecapied by another dalagstleaIfaiyland Legislature received yesterday a dice that we have no work for it to do here at is already assembled—and soliciting the assent chances of getting their money back through rived here at Boon to-day, bringing $3,000 in gold dust should be heard. It was at leagtfa decided lathe af-aaiKa ~ of reaolutiona from the Legislature ofSoaHl ^UoUna, proposing to call a Disunion Con- our own doors and among our own people.of that august t>ody to the policy involved in it. Should they do this, and succeed in obtainingthe transportetion of troops, mails, eto., are more dubious, and tbe land will be alienated.and seven passengers.The dates are to the 26th ult,It was the prevailing opinion that the mines wouldfirmative, and Mr. Bsattt preaenled the ckdau aftha c«ntestasts.|The subject was then refesed to aeoaa- mitteeof five. A like committee was appnlalert teOut or respect to a sovereign State the Were this tenement-house an architecturalI were allowed to be read, but in the de- monster, an exceptional feature of hideous sin- the aanction ofBut why should we wait twelve years for produce from one to two mlillons of dollars per month,railway facilities, when good common road after the opening of Spring.Tbe yield of last season was abont two millions of facilities would not only be valuable tiow, but dollars.the claims of rival delegatlaas la thebate ssUck followed only two members sustained the else fairthap. tea letter to the Governor of South Caro- gularity, deformingBai^fldv.BoKa wiitea that Maryland can see of our model metropolis, we might still and no CongressParliament,BatUag bat i^iiry to herself in the establishment take personal shame to ourselves, every the assent of-of a Meian aayluiii for her fugitive slaves on the ' *it, and if the result of its meetings prove disastrous to Italy or to Eu-Hekit W. Davis and Hon. Gxoasi Bsnaa. Vpsa>afthe State.i Overland Mail brings us news np to the 26th;diversityfirst laid a temporary way, on which to trans- snow felt to the depth of a foot or more along the Ing the pasaage of the resoiuttons, and otbefs express-of Moloch to be reared in our vrOTth, K. T., that the gold mines would produce land make us all each in his£oMt.one to two million dollars per month, as aoonCity,man of us, that we had allowed sucha railroad ? When a railway is built, there is the mines until the day i>efore the express left, when waa a these thereof aome advoeat- optnloo,*M tbs Spring commenced. Last season theyad abOBt two millions of dollars. Snow had fallen matters and the welfare of the whole commu-to the depth of a foot along the Platte River. The But it is no such monster and the The "meaaaXn bem Anapahoe, on the Tasquez Biver, nity.Hpert'themiDCts as still busy. Flour is quoted wretched creature byAlmighty ignoring physicalengineer,formuls besides answering its special purpose at allmldnigUA GotDBK WmniHO.—The relatives and friendsyield-the mlcess as stUl employed. Only one the resolutions indoiaing Messrs.faconght to Leavenworth $3,000 in gold dust, and of the a««eial pasaeogers. belngs this hideous trap, towering six stories the world with his brilliant achievements. portionsrailway maybe laid from timeCarleas Cstae in Philadelphia. PanASSLraii, Friday, Feb. 3.ti^i. ,toNedtryone. Rev. Dr. Eom.v F. HiTWaiD ho-toid the the courtship and wedded story of aadmmu* "n^enjtjgt(t';there his thin wails and eccen-then we shall proportions have an Anglo-Gallic Protectorate for Italy,InvestigateaalUaao. It was the general opinion in Leaven- streets, while the law and the custom of the rope, on the Government and Parliament of port materials for the permanent waytemplePlatte River. ing a wiUingnefs to Indoree Meisia. Davn aad Bsie^responsible,measure, for the administration of all publicEngland will rest the responsibility. Connting-Rooni Engineering.Dollar" has turnedfrom New-Meiico. four, to vhom the subject was referred, wen eqaaUy divided upon the question, and each porttoa repaiy save perhaps the most difficult mountain pass- Accounts from Arrapahoe, on the Tasquez Rivsr, separate resolntlous. After a vast smoont af ^Bi- aaMOa the Caoanse;vious express.adjourned,—Wabino name—whoat 9U per 100 lbs. Tbe Denver City express had put up, built and leased to his fellow^- and the practice of all time, and is astonishing times. And the more accessible and easierFlour it100Patliament, we shall have a Congressdiscussion, and it was finally lee of the LegishUure of New-Tork waa ap- lanche, jamming men and women into jeDy by cheap railroad, without ballastinp. as'ened life of conttnuea feUcttv. A hvastpie, eTaailited ttie elegaa pi ssenli of bM' presentedtothembytheirehOdranmhaMiratit» event and then partook of a bOBnlaoM MpaM, pa-job all at tiaaeandpassed,mostlylocalintheircharacter. intheCityofNew-York,andtoreportthe train,burstingitintosplintcirsandcrushingits once,wouldentailrunningandrepairexpenses ofpurpose.a»»w»»|f the bills introduced were two more forraflf^« in New-Tork. Notice was given of a•''to Vooday evening without an Executive session. ner in which tenant houses are constructed Here he flings a locomotive into a standing prise a desperate pushgreatwould _testisto bisIn the Aasembly several bills were read a thirdhis innocence, both » of any plan to escape fromwork tofouring, amid bricks and timbers, into the air, with better than nothing. So an individual would Twenty-eighth District, W. T. Hoasxu, of Steuben, raandants ofamy la the Piwnart, Dtvlsloa aad companies) ataaillm ti—heaspeechpracticaldo, appendedor MOieenwaod,basUethegiavewUehhadonce under-groundapartnuats cellarsastaasHenls."f» net aaea, annsaany'•eBiataicd hU wifa** lemaiBe.hind the who ledger,proportionsIs the third raea, the resistencea of railways and beat Rtfit,thonsaad yards, Fimyand Temioer, JOBH Oo-In tha Coort ofctoik af Fkabk fowLBB, the emigrant as (e iiwiir*mo tgrutInmeasuring;Oyerte cow^fin.ICBAaLSSTOH, Thursday, Feb, XWaslttMgton won the three-mile race to- destructive conflagrations. This fact should eBBWBeven for an.nAmnwaa acquitted, on biatrial forthe bestwhile 46 IBs. areTke second rasa, mile heats,it,accomplice.—re written the tor- the book of fate wherein aa ton on required en arailway, broken stonebymen or steam, haveThe Grand aeveral fresh indictments, among or six against young Lami, thetures of untold thousands volume of engineering precedentscolumns of"legislative forms of materials and the laws of physical aixth of what it is on the best high-"w^u^"'*TM-4, xi» of druakenasas, by provMlag far prevantiMiBostwici has or. to parade on the Annis^irsarr sfUio Police .Been members ofwe are stillawaitingJudge HAanv, to-day, imposedthe prlxe-Agbt betwsen Psioa and KauT. O'Dosaau, *om the va-^"«fAh meeting that Qm.ttOmincn powers were «H«|lad for the beaelH draialtoor- Thedia-not eooeluded, aal wUl bajrenewed at •ha aast tosatfaig.and an eighteenth of what it is on_Awarm *»»"valiant champions ofattke rough ones,St Patbick's Day.—Delegasaeupdated iammi a motion 'tSTweinHj"high speedscste ofsameflght, were fined $200 each. AU proaiptly pald In, and made aome progress fai Ibrjlr arrsB**""CommiMioners InI860iha old debate fol- proceedings ofaction."True, this aotion was to be baaed upoa fur-science.And wtio aie theway,a common road. But;but should they omit to asklaws,professionalquotedat 916perpounds.of Mr. and Birs. Natbas Pxci, and those of that dren—among whomsame." This Committee did its work faith- passengers into shapeless corpsesmade its report carefully, and set forth hurries a car over a precipice into the river. If the "straight" American system isiaige aaaribet of billa for various purposes. The fully, it be better to make.SiiACCss, Friday, Feb. 3. the MetropeUtan Hotet The faetlvitiaa wen de-The National Democraotfic CongrestasiCohnaarlsaton, DxATH or AB Orricaa or tax Kajr-ToBK ventions, for the election Delegatesbly adjourned nntil to-day. therein a picture of these horrible 'dens, in In the bottom of the sea are his monimtente, contemplated, might._. 0. 1. Fauucbkb, the newly-appointed Min- which a population larger than that of many careened and moss-grown, full of rotten splen- a common road first, anyhow, so as toCon- UghtfoUy prolonged.propoai- the practical re- that his nns sults to be secured by idtlmate legislative ac- jf«* m^Mad to be ready to die. tion, to be based upon iVirther investigation."The and H. C. Daxnia, of Uvtegston.under thetoakplacedaat Si o'clock. After These8p«rtlpg New*. CBAaLBSTOs,r the first^ST^iut MtnaWaaaatWMhopeGreat Jones-street aad Broadway, this evenlag at o'clock.~to Ua in' the afternoon it waa interred 1, fiinS/aadiFeb. 3. In the first race here to-day A^ins was the'~aaadr l» 1iiiite«i (be booy was deliveredFriday,tions, covering, as they sud,hisexplodingregard it,enterprise.propositions Anesactmsatwere as followsand hooaes at a mouthful,scattering ruin itvantage of taxes to carry levyinglosinglands, CongorKwoB the aecond race. Time—3:47 S( and to keep them warm,de^te tbe eicesslvo "»MT"frI"S. B>(vla(wiu •Mtukt kuiUing tf tsUi »<«(sir- wejit «> hmutt aeeufud hi mort than thnt famili*; Mof a Time—MH seconds.Ptrktrdays<! andthisyhaara"if it were his ownfearlessly over land and aea, devouring men Government, when'once taken in, has the ad-on hia of was aen- i. The preventloa of prosfitotlon and Incest, by chinery, by depriving them of professional aid common roads, it has been found that eight , . plea gilil^,Wll- room properly divided lato separate apartmants, akaU be rented to families, aad by pr^dblting suk-lsttlsg.was won Woeea- hydrants opin. When froet and ^""^^.^"VSSamy man a rltlP »"'* comfortable home.mieae proposltioiu were laid down In 1856. tabulates the mysticledger strengthpnbliaIhs.gravelin his combustibleto dictate the of destruction for works aad ma-then (ail.presimieewhich have thus far;cheaply-attended boHers ;averagingweight may berailwaythe " "terrible catastrophe of his morning unmediately built? Were It certain, or evenat once.There is another important advantage of a for aUlag la the ascape Of sISTea.boBj and proeperooa world, to warn It to the slaughter of the body, which often ters in the world's experience, we may con- through highway, where tke traffic is mainly Deauh er Bz-Hayar ---n_ «r . _______nla, were ^^VhOm* at the Com Exchange.TeneaMBt Tmpa.Another of thoee hideooa masaacrea, mia- conaimung there only in the alow fires of to digest the heavier aliment of dally buaineas. not require urging to take hold of the schemeaabotebeiowladlaaUvar.oalled aoddenta, which an " dnmkenness, prostitotion and incest" Bat pef^etaally comingthe of intellec- general principlesThe Governor has p'^rdoned Ktr^a^tSaM^cthousandsol otherhuman"PlixedaUOBboardofherPw •f KlehMlbehiga who are at this moment living in other similaT cages, andpartshat..'*'"'**•Judging bylike thunder-clape out of a olear aky upon oar we have, an of us, a particular aversion tual philosophy, as well as by occasional chap-•f the stealer " " ««««, Who wasaaiof the miachlefthat lamUea beneath ita sUn- inC aurfaee, yeaterday morning startled the citiseoa of Kaw-Tork from their propriety.outruns our dislike to the s'aughter of the soul,and" Incase offires" easy egressclude that the slaughter of about five thousand straight forward, with little deviation and tam-is so clear- ly the special lesson of the fearful catastrophedU PMawsBa8Mir<ay> F«k.4-BA. M.fromtention of the Legislature at Albany.England's Alternative.Almost every day brings something to light which tends to demonstrate that the aym-laws toneering iind architectoral construction to theof lives andit the Italian people and obviating the necessity indorsement. On the it Is ex- heavier and taster engines, allowing the trainfeelingsto materialsandwithproportionswhich pleted,enterprisesuccessfully onlywould,. '"'.""""/.''"" lEowers, in which it should be declared that any for the same results? no means,"existingincreasingbusiness.ofof the telegraph delayed tbe firemen.chained the Croton water in its pipes.minutes sufficed to crowd the streets about the oppor-——make and let the walls tumble your pilemerryslutters."—forwardwith so much apprehension, it being evident theirthat no such assembly would be needed to de-pieces. So when boilers, bridges and mills arecommeBdng the daaoa had anliad. Aayprovest>esufficient,by thus boldly assuming the championship and arise, but which in the long run is more sure have thirty ? By looking at the whole mattertheybrand heralarmed lest England should be caught in the is founded in the ultimateprotectorateItalypeople.then,view,ofthan all the so rest in thelaws of trade and commerce which mere faith of man in man, for itfrom the mostof disposedIf, realitysee howpractical pointbegrandWoodhuU, Capt Tan Burea, Capt Abiaaa. Oc^ Steams and Capt Jackson, of Gea. Bwaa^ Miff;Regiment; D. Cavan. EagiaeaT. SeveatMh; Ci^Lrailroad,Mler in the hat factory of Messrs. Amis Sc Hol- rescued from the blazing wreck, were carried made to them by Louis Nafolkom through shaped and steyed so as to retain their fbrm our means will allow. First, we may com- Lieut SesseU, of Cd. Bostwiek'a Staff: LleotiehnSandford-atreet, near Uyrtle-avenue, to the City Hospital, where they lie tossing to- their own representative ?Why did they notparties to such a dente allow their various sizes constructed ray sleepersLieut W. BiaaiMns.Cyrus Ramsay, Barnoa Soott ufcthrowing down the walla of and barying twenty of the operativesunder the pressure which authenticated prece-Munmy, af the Second bordersofan Ragtment;;El^lh, exploded, (day in agony, and whence many of them doubt- at onceto becomeWhy hesitate ? why decline to—will not cause aandor to the edge of a preci- R. W. Cameron, and ana a nnnshar o^I Cttally injured and sabsequentlv diedless will be movedmarked graves of the friendless and theGuardgentlemen. Gen. Evan ezpteaaad Us (teat i8«vea men were instantly killed ;again onlynote?acceptso that a failure of one —partwoandea. TheRegtmenttamovtaeitrBagi and when he had caaelniM his i;agreeofimpassable swamp,iron, to theJohn AUken, Jr., Suraeon mghth Tto fill the un-poor. for their country the glorious office of pro. general explosion with space enough to allow pice,ithing ; ifithadwynda of Edinburgh or Glasgow, or in one of they not perceive that by ito adoption the Ital- pimaps ^just will— such boilers as at least three- hence, the first passenger gothe filthy back sltmis of Londonholocaust had been offered up in some slave-weittoncaepu,ipoika Jaakat~t w^Is, and the length of span from one Englandgood wagescarriages on level parte, and stert a slow but regiment were obliged to apnaar fa eltaaa^ drWs from not having received their anta. Thsyaiaallia sure through traffic, and improvemento and set- fine spirits, and eonfdeat that tharwmma he sfela toexhibit tlementeatonce.Thenextinstallmentwill toaiwearonparadewithfaUranks,necoBMaad.: to another beneath the floor timbers, are the case for a moment in our swift zeal to de- the inevitable consequence of such a step? I.tok«Tebeenthecausesoftheterrible BotmcetheodiousandcruelsystemwhichhadWouldAustria,withherfinancialembarrass-suits—pur- frequently cleaned and examined, andFor the imperfections of the cast- made auch a calAiity possible. By the light ofments— tkemselvesrails for a few hundred miles, and so shorten in tbe most Ubetal manner. At the taS sapperold worldIt has befallen ourselves!with the wounds receivedmea and the Euxine still unhealed? No! same rule holds in all other NeitherofthesePowerscouldbesorash,ao struction.which Govenmient has carried itecon- mails for years, and over which a growing— AxxRlCAjr BiBLi Sooimr. The statedof the JuryOCiiy Bflpate was not In session yesterday. In universal suffrage and of the unlicensed liberty reckless, so infatuated as to do soof theBepnblicai^North,of Bepreaentatives, the election of a of speech! What shall we sa/ of it? Whatjust,Would Russia, undertheof aa—byher inthe Cri- mal-constraction thatexplodes engineeringtroopsand;if this horribleian question would be For whatof the boiler-makers know how toquarters make andfrom terminus to terminus.Or, second,There are recorded facts and and precedentsday presiding. Among communicatlonB received was one from Rev. T. Ca-therehe enoughtokill aroadinasettledcountry.New-TerkPellHea.BIVOCBATIC C0N0BI88I0HAI, COSVBjmOm. pared under the dlreetlan of tbe Musisiater to France, received a congratulatory addreas flourishing cities herds and rots away its dor and dead men's bones ; his dismasted t>e sure —of the first element of railieajf were held yesterday In the Twenty-first, Twenty-fifth TotcBTxxxs.—Lieut Tbomas Baaaa, who aartad gd-MSF-M -Too^ Men'a Democratic Union Club which the of even Dicuxs could not hulks batten on every shore, a^nd the bones of economy a good road-bed. Where continuous and Twenty-alghUi Districts, when the fbUow- lantly dmtog the war wWt MaHea.>g.Be responded in a brief speech, ve on diplomacy and the Union.life, penadequately develope into all ita teachings, and bis victims are mingled with/the soil of every planes, gravel surfaces and ample fuel occur, a lai Delegates were chosen: For the Twen-aa eelst haaimrfcthe First New-TaA TeiBBimn, it^iaC Regimeatthe murderer of his wife, was from which the imagination even of a Scz land. But yesterday he roasted a house Aill of railway may be laid and worked at once ,executed at the City Prison.'ght in devotional exer- might recoil in disguat To this piotnre the beings;and ty.first District, W. O. 8a«ol»i,CortolfandChanaage OHiBsfnneral,wearereqaeadtadtotaonaahya,twhfeflala^fpcaMlpBMBa^.cage, and hurled a where costly bridgesily and with composure Committee, who were practical men with a factory full of men, scorched, peeled and bleed- quired, a slower mode of transportetion will be County, and O. W. Casdss, of Wayneboiler.Who ia thia devasteting monster, stalking best we can afford is the law of trade, althoughandagaiast permittlag tbe renting of and death in his track? Oh, is only the business,out a sell theALAJUCtHO KmcBBB or FiBBS.—Since:3:51 and winner. Time— H 3:4SH.exerciseJanuary the beU-rtngers have bad dred fii^s have occurred in tbe thlrty*»rpassedmere bonfires either, hut many of themFamtythieeaMmthsin the City Prtam—a very provldlag that oaly a stifBclent aumber of rooms, or a and eagineering completeness. The ledger is Ks. 'exerted in traction will keep in motion day, tba ilaie of the two heats being 9:43 asd S:44)(. the necessity of adopting '"'"e, ""•"«*i ,""«a<>^ Omt^.shoiiid the gentlemanlyaadaccomplishedmanager,"be- spendthemoneyforfraudulentcontracte,and 3:48.the l—edger is theand 147 incw. road. Hence the resist-^^^^^^worked engtoes, whether byheavy odds to contend against^theon aand ance on a first-class railway is about one-The Case af the Frlae>n«hteTB. Birruo, Friday, Feb. 3.,Pabaob ojrdei«d his regimentWashtoitton's Birthday. They wUl foim. the righttbe referee, and Baioos, moat decent- and drive Um to his den? Oh, they axe the is very mach increased, aad is over their Saas.the seeoods In the IrUh Societies met at HflieralaaSall riousl^*^on<Mi ^nntlmnn the 'HOt oT^oary. It waa at ther Inveatigatioa," and OTeiyflilng ahould be afety who go out to meat the roaring monster resistance railways, especiallytor the celebration of St. Patilokfa Day. y.«Snv(Ba^» fltock Maricet opened lower by l«i ^ ud as •< furtherweight,also, of railway trains, aspravloas ta vUtiac BattlBsnidone, as it BlwajB baa bean done,The dead now con- tzncted, for such roads and apeeda, ia graaterThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comM* Fabxwbll BBADaaB.-llr. and "|poUaked iamraace gentlemea, legiaUtloB is a tUsg nnheaid of atAlbaay; ftlaad'a loesee on the public,Oheaafeaka Bay* 3. BusasBs, Ftidsr, Fab.ly and in order, by onr LegUstora.Hastystffl be flaiwkyiaaalBg poUeleaBBBSOW their fonweU leadlag to^dgkt «_^^ giveinvestication" nqrUntitled Documentwho saddle thehrfor a coaaidara-26 Dm. ton in many cases. perlee iaThere \ coaajdetable Ice hi the bay. Tbeon hia tottering aadsteam-Chapel,for aand a prayer followed tlte addnas..and the things if, perad-propositions. It is very tises the ambitious worshipper of lucre with a traina. Therefore, under Oie present system," tenants who were verdict which means All—they Inhabited, are really much better off than each man in the community, who swallows wm this be paid for, supposing a railway to be under water, aad a oorpae *'-Tritil« af ^mrright now, my boypestiferous cage it won't happen again go in aad win." It ia gained by avery large,paper as If it were ao much cordial after dinner, probable, that it would be, speculators wouldmore theintervalsintheacts ingout:—amerenarrowwheeltrackis aUthe people, provided("iBuvamu.FsMar,MlJt~'this Igo aigns of the tfmtk Ammitwit,-The Mmm Scatfaa atlB *r TtiiiHif jjli aa«>CITY iNTELi^iGSiiep^;;ThcFiaarBaxlori|irnmsiimiilMpathies of the French Emperor are altogether upon a fictitious capital, and conducted by twelve or fifteen miles per hourwith Italy. The latest and most decisive evi- known rogues, people generally do not, during be,most profitably placed on the best parte of memlwrs of tbe Seventy-ntsth ^•^^''tr^. SghlAfthay i upon the French and English Cabinets addressing a not only engineers, but intelligent observers, opening of traffic, but bettered the facilities of not get in, were standing in the haU.*^. aaSnaltvpronounce unsafe, should we not lookandIt is likely that the question of a Pacific formed in the ball-room.another than remedyR. T. Dobbmm.But all thiscent.So our counting-and rock-work are re-County, and Ca«i. A. KoBiJa, County;Fifth Brigade N. 7. 8. M. are reqaestad by C^oL J. C. BnamiAH to assemUs at the Hime Boose, comer accompanyroad,of ancommonroad; which must be-of technical books of hard for ito whole width. Since steam car- consultingoniioaryit —merecommonroadisnot—callitaplete a permanent railroad, with ite costly ar-yearsthe merits of the policy propoaed? Could provided with ample safety-valves and reliable means to spare and so on until, fifty years continued tmtU a late boob Ths Mfna afinoneofthenarrow —1set at rest? European Power would dare to out-instantlyits verdict. The weaitness and insuf- barracoon of Cuba or Louisiana, we should rage the prineiple of non-intervention, if a war tended by a man whose known faithfulness wagon road, with wooden trams for light steam with bncklea. QoUe a Blocker ef laaataa af ItorthecaoseofthefallingofthePrtnber- cLawieoce, Massachusetts, has at lengthwhen— for itmay spendthe first installment in akilt of Cameron sjacket, taiittaa,B,aporaa orsaaMlafr,haver'af tib* cast-iron shoring, the thinness of hardly have paused upon the pitiful aspect of with united France and were to be would insure him in othertemporary—with the remembrance of herrepairedwheneverfailuresbeginingofficers of^ the nali italiiert llwli s ReglsMntrecentdefeato fresh in her bosom ^with her Hiuga- caimot he proved that such a boiler ever did the through time and cost, Mr. AsMoet Fouut, the former con- this^ agent and foreman of the Eagle Iron^.i* fooad to be responsible. But the great should have seen the glaring faults of civiliza- rian subjects again ready to rise up in arms blow up. It is safer than any bank in town. road is actually done, it will merely supersede pfflcers of the Regiment having tieea toasted. Caatfrightfiil^funeralpilehowcleariywe—and when the rail-observed Gen. Ewxit, Dr. Woobbuil, uut flTBilBi and a host of other gentlemen. Tlie guests aad laM,herand thenItaly, secure from foreign intervention under means of verifying them, and hosts of menPeoplegas      mysteryalwaysmade,paidat-red aad whittealhoea.aadateaasuch boilers da not blow It up.layfor half a dozentill there are more Eo wellregiment broke ranks, aad '*«~''n wasmerely,That the enterprise will be verymayof. Ifaenough,letus CoLBostwlck,oftheEleventhresolutloni of the South Carolina Legislature ingaDisunionConvention.propos-but two memt>ersthe course of the South Carolina Legislature.forelection of Mr. PunOBSTOH as Speaker of the Bsaaa or fail to obtain would be both the pioneer and the beginning of The weather bad continued warm and pleasant at of Representatives, aad indoratng the coaresaf Haa.chil- is Alderaun Wm. i. Fmox, Presi- dent of tl»e Board of Aldermen—assembled last evoa- « fSbaiaes. made against some of the nominees of in height, with its walls of tinder, and its stair- Nor do they want the scenic complements of to time, each section or continuation by so One Capt. Uosxs waa arrested at the Exchange Ing at their residence to celebrate the 8emi-c«nl»- .^as Harfam Masters and Port War- way a gallery of certain death when the fire flames and crashes, blood and thunder. Here much shortening the route, without obliging to-day for attempting to swindle our citizeas. Mosis nial of their marriage. The reunion waa an excesd-Btote Senate yesterday. Messrs. came the narrow of a train tears the bottom of his the whole acconmaodation to be tlU had published an aimouncement that he was the com- iDglv pleasantsweeping up through body railway through postponed Ocimatttee on the nominationa the house as through some tall chinmey, Is not bridge, and a score of people are crushed with the last gap is actually filled up by rails. Themander of a charity ship bound to Gibraltar with food ^lD^uflyand BmroLA succeasivelyo^~Mo'dlinrpeiaonandpapers. The asinneraboveallthatdwellintheCity. flyingtimbersMorocco refugees. He life of the happy couple, traced their genealogy,r eaaplored all the resoorees of Four y«an ago, in March, 1856, a Commit- tric pillars hurl down a lofty mill like an ava- road already tactica to defiBat this proposition,n-audtommaiidrr of the Sons oflie w»« held to ball to await a farther hearing. The ent happy occasion, and bespoke totacom- mon road properly laid out would in all places,to Mr. rssKisoTos. Aeoaimllteeef A long train, laden with flour, had arrived at Denver but not eulogize;es, answer this purpose, at any time when it representshould be expedient to lay the permanent work, death had eccuned since the departure of the pre- Davis were adopted,best —common road is the best basis for a rail- it ia settled and ballasted. Awould and them limb from limb. probably be the result wore the whole enter-ofprieouer protettedtain parly In New-i'orkTht la honesty tum preseated Oielr toltoaisddea-prosecutedJames Cromie, of Second InfantryLient AUaa aad;;City Express.will befollows Firstapologizing-i-j^» : -y -I'.-^j^ --i,^v^<4- .disputed:and raiment for the afBictedenled to the Sons of Malta here what was sup- stated that they were a'ready the ancestors forty.pres On behalf of those therea forged >tler of introduction from the onebeings. gathafsdtagampo>c<H"he Malta of New-York, er, be congratulated them on the advent of fha $Bae>Sunday afternoon,Ibrthe Twenty-HftB District, Gso. H. Caxs, of Cayuga rangemeata for it the aorvtvan aftha First KaftaBHta fiiie of openJosaMoaaisstTforlaavlagtheStatetowltoeas;for the of the New-Tork Volonteers, aa wall a* all othais who served In the during the aad the Caaa-Judge JoiL Ivna, Ei-Hayot of this dir,FifthSixth Compaay, Ci^ Jobb ItASoa.BiNAis.agentForeignBfble QjulsCompany, CaptSoon afterwardswe shall and the tollowlng guests of the Begtmeat: Dr.;' One consists of tae regtdatton aoika iaokat a—Hoa. Ldtbss Bsasish theTwentieth Ward. Mr. R. F. Anaivs oOsred a ariaiof resoluttons congratnlattng the country opoaflHbiing aad atof whichhaschilledthebloodofeveryoneelse.Fib. 22.—CoL(SW ^ZrSr Gr,at Jones^rtieet at « A. M, and «1«^ oa^y march through the principal ».otoagbttn*-Lbubb, effS**!? — 'v---^ - : 