 i'-r-%inrecent discoveriesat"ber of circumstances may occur which would lead to his lodging all the balls in yoiu: body, and having your remains removed by the colored waiter, must be a curious and sensation.— AWoBDOFAdvice. Mr.Waterslryhas.^\mmmdkitttim^Sootliem membere it wasthanthey commonly receive from ourbustlingrequitescle," a " rich possessingtmealtjiclttf*Beoms.tionsperformances.ownBut the9t»iit^Jyaaneat. of their application— for the of the public good: andaai¥aeiiiii of New-Tork opened yes-'~was toat. There- te ffnmwUTt* cm Slectioaa, telatiTe"|^frt|Hi the Honae adjourned. -iUtimort, bom Liverpool oA theOF THE DAY.. 7Mt«rd«r> Vr. Bmonat presented IdwvXACrAX •Ddotten.of tbi«Court, we shall be startled by a fresh lesson upon the impotence of respectability, wealth,"second to none" to guarantee the honor of women, the rights of husbands and the peace of a home.promise immunity from detection.sf Thaddius Htatt. L.'vwiBkeaas. Mr.Qrbch.oibiblicalasapeculiarhiatiiatieB. IMsgestiveof the reply made by Dr. Trimm" while violently denouncmg ScoUaod, a g«4i'Oiltie^Mehatreds or give vent^to(beiMMBdaiToftiiftt findmottresforrejectingsojustanapplica-personalresentments.ThesearetheveryIneithercase,withsuchaskeletonsuddenlytopreventanautopsy,andthebodyofthevic-tedMB(« .^iM-wtnlt V* vat* of *^tke LacoHpisB Coa- tion.which it is the duty of publicwalking out of a highly respectable banker's tim, in nine cases out of ten, is bundled IntoptopoaitlQKis ailSl!^^ Mbjeet jMwA jB~Ji Qi> coB»M«»ettnn of the AimyThis is the moment selectedby Mr. Somnixthings against men to be on theirin a pausedemocraticfor a moment from ourthe earth, and buried with the crime. Again, taterrupted him whh, But, ",^M«to ask ourselves whether shrink from thef"!*"-wfaoi- the" im—ilmetit nim-guard.Mr. SoscsEB, we are quite aware,doorway we not toperfectlycify, ought agreea-there are yen fbtiet tdAfor adraaeee nude to the atlathe wer et 1812 vraeKlu- i.jJlthamfartheredion,theSenatetlMSenateblUmaking promoteit.dtitcniB ud snifort of the op- fearful length, fourteenble self-there are not facts and tendencies in the cur-he ntade made Slavery, heihaSawe,—great Bepobiic,deseive a rather more serious consideration pie without doing the least violence to theirfiom S3^7«ataafinafainat 66. Amotiontomnllimsses" mellowness " is well «vKiHm^ jn ^ graph, wliich annonnces Bill aalMtmwThelaunched coward.fvidie moialitr."too much violence—^too mnch intemperance ofous and detestable of crimes demandserably clear, and sot at allIt very Ukely that thay have npaUInkind. Atleasttwofaready planned for thetr dlaoeaillars la Itsw Tn) one a/cM eiea^yitre at a lovely eooBtrjhsaatka ahundredmllsafroBtowB hotssatiooblesatediawingtoahead.some means beto check ita'res caae to be snbmitted to the eaae so made to be bind-BopeiTiaors yesterday receiTed partWeofjudgnient greaterself-control,I.^tion of Wltneasea, ahowii>g thatI ha«» been detained 168 days in aoftheeavoysof Nlphoo.ForflwiUyitMMi*ed ftem the Hailem Bridge Com- igOiOagiiax they had appointed W. J. AMteer, aa< aaking the Board to ap-relatinggrave' alaaMytaseof$2,500,witluntacontract—Kfexico produce foreignmortuary list that they not unfrequentty give noveltr, faUed to fill the Whitar Oardasa" Mb4^.out a deadly poison when an innocuous medi- "To be sure, the sons" proved to bs fiitUig iHkpabife taaw'9tk I Msisaghit^ wmto wUlk qaiie profcable the Hayor ortt^'li Comp-but howsuch wonld be ths ease T&tfthe'dnop, Int also of other crimes in arUek he baa antkipaled, to be issued for IiisItrfVb beaelt *iua his ezecation.The Hooar-dbaleia charged with violation of theto wlum Busbill conld afford Bondayuw, Judgetering stimulants, as a cold-blooded Yankee part.of the third, Madame Coansi,"mightthi^toseehisconducttested. A Senator of the United States holds Ms seatMr.Thackkbat'sato worldli-pniaoerhaveer, and opens fife over h'ts left shoulder upon the guilty husband, lodging five balls in that gen- tleman's face. The bodies were then removed,jlLA0'.K^ecordar Sitivil, tae hearing of theirit^iUustrates place Mississippian Hosts andHe notthe mtutlers, but de-bth^sot all the finest effccfs of her roU* \ni% the relief whichandertheauapicesofHarsbal shouldbeto engaged in preparing forpreparedNeiocomes, givenhighlyon leaswad, Maadqrnight, her fcnoer triumphs. Bach as the sailliians was. It comprised Bot a tew ef tte perapasma4''Mtka maadnataacconntnotonlyofthemor-draws another revolv-to Vfi aKaaHaii on last, werepay Friday yesterday attorneys.and all the certain-ready stoiy thebe said for Slgser Mv- siASi, who really proved M»i«»if a tenor, in tlw first place, moving us thereby alike to gratitude and as- tonishment,and,inthssecondplace,asinger. His^m-faoodtMnBaoaMerBaUaxdintheCourt ofof a Christianties of a tranquil and impregnable propriety.par-other near in Mr.promotionmembers of Congress are bound to do them. They abuse their station and betray their trust, whenutility to the gratification of personal passion, or the indulgence of private hatreds. If theirwith ilffeUbifia to Ids grandchiMren, he assigns, '«Biais«iibVdeafl>,d>ares of his property to the'<a—^Ha kamemberofbis Church;tiU Friday, wnen they will The defendants are nine aBDriHCitattdtliieyim«nioeentsevonty-tivealleged One case will probably be made the latt enaiflnn, and in tlw event of a conviction the"gle pocketla BBiifl Mftivaqrbatakai np.to-do in the worlda teacher in Sunday-schoolsTheand awaits thevoice is clear,andwithout the fallaOeiaoiU plead fuilty.The will of the late DixiTL Fxvshaw came be-—place perturbations tofan thaSnrragate yesterday, on application forspeechesabuse of a high i ublic station,Tiafc. Oo^lHjh. jfethe American Seamen's FriendCotteswas"Foreign Cliriatian UnioB, the Kew- trayaltist'sgeanineMadame Ceansi has brought back wlQi barHJHJtlO^riMj,JMfonned Low Dutch Churchthat he carriesand that a num- vdee,be- and East jKow-York Juvenile Asylum, to Mr. Fiaaa'i eatabliahment on the Five Pdnts, and totbaWofMn'r Hoapital Association. A carious codi- «U|i««aUaMB an additional legacj of five lots ofiaiiia, narildfaig he does not use tobacco. Should years ago ke hidnlse in the use of that Btimulant, the prop-if notsummed up in the following remarkable pass-age from a gushing letter, addressed to her by a pathetic and emotional clerk of her husband,Ahshs, lafzaealka andMissPmum.wteIs lapUfadvtte- ing to tte front rank of eoatralio slagsn. The ilaa^improvement of this lady Is not neraiy plHsiitfc^'^' 'Itself, but a great encouragement to those whsAAil^' ofanAmerican Cciuervmtnre. Svsm's g'f'Tl^ basw makes op, with tte artists already »*TM**«. ane, Beveoty-ninth-streecuponWashoe, has recentty expressed thisasix-shooter" in hisnever In finernot often so eaietUia to be taken from him and devoted to build- A Home for Superannuated Sober Printers.""Surrounded with every comfort andluxuryargentiferousertyins'' Thewillisalreadycontestedbytheheirs.world could —kind and most exemplary husband givecampany strong enoughtocompelthegoodfutUBStta anaasl meeting of the Grand Lodge of Freesecond to nooe—the envy I Chicago."may say ofteed, anandenterprise whichobtained from Governor Moboa!* an order foranother term of the Oyer and. Terminer, inorder to de something towards clearing off thecriminal calendar. If Mr. Waterbcey hadbeen in this City for the last three months, first foree, has been Isvtisd taalaas,h> bar sMailt '!"'Oni^jailtariay.- •^UyieaeuUllvea frem nearly ail the Mm*oC-tlw Union were in attendance. TheSuch were the persons who are now become " " "pearlslaCtselanati. BUbPari'ssMer,HissCic ions PAm, highly esteemed bv all tte mmitilaiiiai world of New-Vork as a pianist and a vaeadst ef tta- '-.' : .BaStaW' Bbarea yesterday. New-York Centrallequeat^' tbtt*"^ .'1dictmenta,arecumberingmaVhssiwaalngooddemandatfhUrates. Commay reallae tew tralyand EM tbcmsclvaa alw as tta aetsts as*qaiat, and th* maiket firorad purchasers,ruin, has been behaving with as litUe restraint Freedom and secured their rights. Tbey have upon her passions aaif hefhusband had not pririiibited Slavery forever from their limits, been a member of the church, and a Christian and there is not a SoaQiem Senator bold father, but on the other hand a mere worldly4MV«sa*plp4fplayaB%' alghltyand lower.-^ealt ilk. Ba QoSee vraa mtve active. Sugars,bans bom ttft to te asn>sa»' presseuled, whOe tte atliaetkw ef Miss Pou* Mj^'waa4s||j|MedProviaionawsreli^alyunder the impulse of the world's new deirand. In a striking and interesting report on the great Silver Hill mine of NorthCarolina, Mr. Pjthcbice, the mining engineer,"denounces the imminerlike and ineflicient"manner in which the mine has for years beenand shows that with all Us indica- tionsofwealth,ithasonlybeenopened,afteroas, at Guanajuato, at Guadalajara, at San clamation. Luis, are opened now to depths of betweenHowsvai. tte staiy ml AMolasssi,H Bay, Hops,noderateiy iDOTlrad for.not Ukelyno^Slp^IoxxR PoLmcii. DiacorxBT.that the "enoughurgeI presentedraallyfeatures;Bssin and more WhiskyOther branchaa ofbosi-in worldlying his domestic duties in the absorbing thirstSBAU, the Maisoa Sisters, apretty ballet, aai^Mr- " Raeeooorss of love" make the stage so awbh^newtobanker, pltmgedthat Kansas ever will be- ofgold; keeping all the wakefulness of,hisisasufficient>*3SPty. aomewhat resemblee 'hicworked;fenderstoothers,andconfine himselfto the presecution of those persons whom the Grand Jury indicta, without reference to his own views_ flHOqr^tf^^VMamforhave been four years ago,;admitting The Constitution of that State ex- cludes Slavery, and there is no proposition from Fourearthlybriefly,elegantly,hWWVwllone idad, aaihrnlUMr^ WMM^lBC.Mamanaok$«WMlge«to}mOct^ipnrfSeikait aQedIntheIftmoaa. Af'-binaaddifleattproMemoriUaigerll^ttibb- tioB^tixa^MWttnMpoaii*e^l[9«iedil»^fU esd ia serred, onOe ona haal, by . Ushiag lence, always moid ihOmidaUon of (fitthe Korth into a paioxTsm of hatred and In- slow and stealthy kind which teOs MdignattM against an Instltirtlon which Is, by surely upon the sensitive organisation of a eems to have been revived. AUhoaghto the eonfesrion of all parties, entirely be- nervous and irresolute woman. Abroad, all secret of fibe Aqua Tofeata dnmbers in th^KuM» li MtWalr anfiflfld to vntretaal yond their control,—and, on the other, by the signs of a perfect conjogal peace, and a grave of the beautiful bat ^flless Lccsbia,' -and Vbe South into, a settled and ua- " and heDebore wiflt I taiiWiiotitaPtfis HAL ajmftihif. flteta ttie child of misfortone, goading not truly exemplaiy" domestic life. Years of ratsbane, strychnine may beit la aogaatlaiea hard to say whether she aof- DBtnral resentment and conten^»t for advice this cruel hypocrisy cuhninate, at last, as Mrs. readfly obtained at the druggist's. And if a thewhda^fcjlBorher thus and l^ra moat «t(&e hands of her friends insolehtlyBnacHinaplace as a wife, a mother and amanisweariedofhUmistressorhisde«:ribasItsoSMhait ,,—^^,^."*Slavery Kansas ?thecommentingidea in the strongest terms to his Qoy-—and the appeal now, at the verynomfaise, wavwt aaeettioD that his heed can be wmkheel of theaction oithe'Senate.ofjostice, favors the^adndssion. The .Demo- such performances as those of Mr. Loruor cratic mqority has much to lose, and nothing and Mr. Scioiuu But every one most know——it, clouds that aof gubatantial value toand it was becoming a matter of some onri-oeity to know in what direction they could seeks toBhmdering occasioned at the door of some disease with an outlandish name, the morbid ieellng of friends interferesbetter.—A Oeorgta paper defsnda Btaveiya"'Ung speech, ostensiblyofand cer- sonal reasons forhas detestation andmany delicate souls thai would made Scotland."forthe application, but scarcely intended,per-"True," rejoined ths OmUCstatistical tables have been ransacked for evi- dence of relative decay and inferiority on theand the of the Slave States —— considerationandawiserwean petticoaUwlUhave their laber ibrtMrprtM^B i^t of Jomr A. Kmn- been wrought into a speech, argumentative in ~nwgnattwiunderor even to a townsman, without some guaran- tee as to hk and in no case let ItTUHxminhisstead. A farmbutpoisonanycircumstances to astranger,not of them that vretfeiBkiB tm pnyl^B> Ptneei*ed (fom the Keeper ofinfactandinten-Ilpurely denunciatoryUnitedeighty years prosperous nationalandtion,— apparently designedmerely to stiagofnopretence wUl, dooM, admbdHv to ^swampfaigihs Cl^ with attangen, who Ml ^m something tosee and tear beiHss the bai* li^ jr-and exasperate the slaveholding portion of IiispaMb aHMa> meats in geceial, and fits Opais la paitta^ii> of^Heee^inc atolen goods." Acommoni- audience and of the country to the highestdevelopment Is only two and a half times great-buyer being registered and the datel of the sale.' At pres-' ~^'' iooe sky, and ths sfer inrif a^tch of human eBdarance.Now we w«>nld not underrate, and we cer-iiiinf Tsw^nfor practical purposes.Legislation is a prac-;middle class in wiiicb we are so constantly bidden to look for all thegracesMr. BcRCH, the husband, was a banker, well-alone, sent into the circulation of thetheybyall the higher virtueswar of independence;—world,^*to welcome a glttad artist to tte rosl]^gain, by refusingthatpassion always judgment,man is noTer so unsafe a guide as when heand aphysicians lay the sodden death.not in the calculated, to slightest degreehatred offluence.outrage at Its hands, and it would be askingmade tt BvemngnOel' tor Oeonia.SlaveryHe has sufferedgrievous^__ ^faa taken op. Alter much debate type,—in the Times of yesterday morning. too much of human nature to expect that thishapssight sublimate,assmedly The Philadelphiatainlypoliticalyet insinuate—"tried" some "AmbrasiaWeprintedthat speech;grave questionswith ourMtmfcr bnildlng the bridge.loir CaaaeUmeo met last night, and A vigorous use of langaaga—familiarity with net now propose to pronounce any opinion.nine at the request of a child or a lunatic,The actual state ofonraadtaieea 111readingand oonsldera- nowappearsin thealike of thefive-sevenths. Wlt6The Revoltkb is Dohkstic CiBCLt:3.to force it upon her people.and It is "wasthere was then a valid excuse for examining theto beto knowthisemment,verysuch ancharacter of the institution which it was pro-to herattemptmade,replyrequestpermitted :with her socialBut that day has gone by, though Mr. Soh- NKR does not seem to be aware of the fact. He talks to-day precisely as he talked in 1856.which we desire for ttem. heartilytoposed incorporatesystem. —affectionateandlovingchildren—hostoffriends—aBaisaouaad bythelrr^ose. Theyarsatttia moaaaat ssattoiaB >.ssaata^dMvWorshipful GrandUaster'sAanual He ignores entirely all that has trans- the"scandal insteadofthe envy ofChi- Bepoct vraa the principal feature of the occasion. pired since that time. He speaks as cago. And what lias their life been for yearsarrests his there the divining-red,"* ' ~'The meeting will be continued to-day.The 9t«ck market waa heavy, and lower on thepast while they were occupying this "positioning engineercapitalist is found at once on his traces. TheThe settlers of Kansas have conquered theirwould be ashamed to show liimself ia acal convention a thousand miles away. At fhsei.to beaccomplished,beautysacrifice great objects of publicallcarries her smelliog-bpttle. If out it comes, arid a few:but Bettber AiiU naaHis wife, oflike ostensible tastes prvbate. AtUt providing liberally for hia wife, are worse than idle :—they involve a gross and habits with his own, had litUe to domodem bellerise, make the silver- anything goes wrong,in supportin allits columns ofthe closestrent domestic life of theinto arefined sensibilities. And while Itkao a conscientiously prononnce it a very sapariot afti-bs "liah«rThose of otir readers who have perused it1-St tttf* ef the faiU. eonnectlns it with the will sustain us when we say, that it did not SuMKEB himself takes pains to scorn this plea,andhandle drive home thedetermination to manipulate the Mgger of a'abSstr InLBierie,contain a single argument In support of thechiefs of the next —TheeditoroftteDetnrft Triimm—admission of Kansas, that it did not even can itprobableAiimt^tend to no useful public end, they able andjustto do with the of questionestate isverywhole haswhich de- maud the practical action of our public men.of fromgulf anarchy, which,;ocaags^stocsd irtMas^n—a serious be-and Australia has— ;adoptediaialy do aot overrate, tlds sort of eloquence. Upon the merits of this case we, of course, dopocket the money therefor, and " ask no ques- might well move a heart of sloae.tions."to be cleared of all obstmc-to Ike ' ISth inat Tbey also directed sharp eoiroding epithets ability Thethe to aid —could makaso are to swell the (ble intellectual culture; though tiiese are respondent and the complainant, mustpeace creased, and under the provisions of the now"Southern life" was curiously illustrated thethlzliia crowd. It was, in faet, done lb speak, in a eoner, aad with hardly wlhrtaenjytaMWftPtT An interesting paper on greatly weakened in effect by the pervading anest the attention of the most thought-the Uaksd^atea War with Tripoli, by Hon. Johb fgotism and the painfully evident elaboration, less. It is not the common- story of fashion-day Yicksburg, Mississippi.A-Sncwairiialaliad to with pleasure by a mnch higM -aadbaee than aanally gattiers in the His-rejected treaty, the greater part of that\a^ ourFlowebs, and do not agree very well. Mrs. Lee is playing chess with Mr. Flowebs, and Mr. Lxx is sitting behind him looking on. HewMch mark every sentence of his ambL ableand reckless invoked towhich ia a moral and i halTitr "flwntitT in the diatwUcal murders of use of all this denunciation? This is adorn a tale against the wicked people whocreasebeexpectedto be diverted toad-tdal the circamstances attending the tragedy. it is one by which every practical statesman straitest of all religious communions. Theirs^yearswas likenotnesses, pomps and vanities, but discreet andinstead of\ the staimchlngor adminis-without an elibrt on teriopiisanment. liaiteg parpeoatedonlylize aH there is extant of high principle.But,iaalatadin the extremest decorums of one of theends ade- bymeans.not preachers, nor essayists, nor prosecutingA model of that fiimily,and properstage, and Aadams GoKfssr won laan Tprl^T>sf thaatical matter,seeking practicalsober in allitsways.from the conquest down to 1856, no less than|i2,686,746,951 of the precious metals.and prin-quatepracticableLegislatorsquietprosperousindexible stgn, )» it observad, of a genuine success.andareThere are certain things to beanddone,—certain measoreslife,But tchat is the SOfrivolity constantlydissipation, pointmight ports.—a very prosaic question oae which will jvear Parisian silks, give balls, keep Lent,doubtless provoke the scoSs of that class and build cottages at Newport or Saratoga. of politicians who suppose that they monopo- The parties in this affair have been living formostImportant element to be con-mor- alizers assure us that the virtue of the nation What had Mr. Scmner's fierce diatribe against is fast and fatally being swallowed up. Herof aany quartertrust.heart-bumlngs,fame, when/aa, just for its own sweat sake.grave publicintroduced, perfatcarn»-If we are to believe the story of the husband, his wife has been living for years in the violation of her conjugal the con- ender onrfinutdalliead. ing the fagot and the sword, for the extermina^ stant reach of his affectionate and re-Wall Stocks and Faci^ liaU sharesNo man can take charge of the prosecution of criminalijjiilll .,-5Hi..l|ili^JP9nnr.«i>e^«ron short DiscountsEnglish hasmovedinthis direction. Inasin-not have beeamight necessary.;paUle mayIswady. lOOfcapitalgle morning, certain important mining stocks haverisenattheLondonBoardfrom10to20'^^"'^ tlon." 'on London, aa of the FindgD Trade attherefore prepare Itself fw aaaxcepUoasl ''satea- ". Inpottof Foreign Goodasuch officer who felt as heconverted Niblo^ frots a garden by Bssas MaendeavoringwhicheratioartlsUhitteCity aettlngofthisnewgem aadttemusicalS eaaqpatadwith May oft tl Spade for the month upon the soil of Kansas. All these things treme weakness of cbaiscter is apparent firomper centMiii""or«s,Kiooo. have passed away. All these machinations the very Confessions which he compelledat i^fnld prieae. Floor have been thwarted and brought to naught. her to sign, and on which he now relies for heref making tte audience aetHp far thiaill' '^.-^the rejection of Kansas on the ground that she will come in as a Free State.No one dreamsCoMtitutton without come a Slave State. Whatever it maytheto\ elections ia for all der Kansas by his four hours' harangue on the the " gilded saloons of an effete aristocracy,"—Mr. Ev-if he will in future leavemnking and the reformation of juvenile of-stuoyisgis a success, and deserves ttaare essential to theof FsASLiN and Clahbicaiu)! government States,Ofall thethe|Bt'jWl'4iMffi<ha (be Riat Congreaaional ccnsider the merits of the application, or an- interest to the gn^cation of personal revenge. Treaty is dead, which is reasonable enough,Kesats. BLam andBxa- ll^jOBlBI^ w«a called up, bat no actionjustifyany subordinatioh^^fpublicTriiunt rejoices that the Mexicanbyaodbytheveriest_ his resders that he has reestved a latter htm^.jeateidaj toaaang.Her advicesvehement denunciation of Slavery.The labornaturalenoughthe deed.to have.fio Bnvora lue addiaaaed a let-newspaperopen. Here a wifs hasswer one of the which it may be objections byressted. From beginning to end it was aMr. SuMKiB has been silencedforfour a inasmuchasthe years byTribune has been laboring for"high Bonrce, which places K-. Bunfs^^bl toiiis seat beyond the shadow of doabt." Allow io to indulge in the hope that though Hr. B should be juggled out of his seat he will slill serve his honor.If the Japanese are laaliy c<Mlng»t« Itew^'~had neither changed his convictions nor influ-a-WMiBatlaa fin the Presidencf. He ness and vulgarity recorded as having hap- the demonstration was necessary, and we are against Mexican Liberalism has been fotmded.cowardlyand infamousassault; It was months in the van of the smalllanx which has been bent onties which murderers seemwith that gaycheapim-especially portant at this particular stage of the world's commerce. TheDirectoroftheFrenchMint,the wisdom, andandjustice, emplary"home,acharacterccHnbiningallthenecessary Schools.branchof our educationInoimomM Common weU.ezecatedheadOfIdBoou." Withoatim«^mendable alacrity, has granted the applica- prudent provision for the fhture which attributes which have made the names of Ding to dispange the KepoUfcaaof four leisure years seems to have been de- show those whom it was inflicted, that it But the reasons which our byin-doing contemporary giveswhich webeen poisoned, there a husbandvoted by Mr. Sitmsib to collecting ereryUiuialf tobe apMMa ef in connec-' stance of cruelty, violence, passion, coarse- enced him to suppress them. We do not think the profound ignorance in which ail this zealJiiilM Obterttr, in which he de- J^ lift ftM** to do battle againat the spirit;it is aor as" ' oToDT coontrr, and so buefiil been committed by a slaveholder. Congies- sult.we tteia ti eoaa Tork, beg'States,newspaper files, and police reports, have beenoCtetk paitiea met yesterday, and' viXSi eoonael for the Comp- studied and collated with painful industryAaMidM^wldehhMbeen so hurt- penedsional debates. State codes, public meetings,t£within the Slavehaving quite certain it cannot produce any good re- The Tribune is glad that we are to give Mex-at eaea. Mot faroK—and inwhat was become of her childrencertain that however " poor a country may be, the pos-influx ofmust afford the best guarantee against its fall- ing into absolute bankruptcy. Wherever the min-Federal Government were stilltion of Freedom and the planting of Slavery ligions supervision, a woman, whose ex-if theLondon Mining Journal of May 5 chroniclesminding his legitimate business instead of elec- tioneering at Charleston and elsewhere, thisadmirers, for her iMei^ abstaoa by a eaeoai,'«raKto force Slavery upon Kansas,— as if Atchison and Col. Titus, and the Federal Governors, Marshals and Judges were still dis- torting law, forging election returns and wield-.season asvacity and earnestness vnthfor the vi-..^.>-_positioncapitalsecond to none ?"shewilliterttyeomply. TteMsle^:.vows.Under hisroof,withinaffairs in aplatform" phaoeopher, who still to Massachusetts or Vermont What poerible lids. If Mrs. BsRcu had been a French twenty years occupancy,r wayavoid the strifeservice, then, could Mr. Sciozx hopeto ren- Countess, could shehave found more in libertytheMlBorpossibility of their re-ImposingThe leading parts sre sln^lr oppw UiaUles foryrttk great satiaftetiMi. Itthought, is so perfect that nothing but the in. troduction of steam macliinery is needed to de- velop all its e^>aciUes, and to inorease almostthe Idiosynerasies of At Anglo-Saxon race, as-Ugioas and tehloaable funcHoBaiT iB Utf CIn>J goodagreetaccession to the Confederacy.when the madcet is willserted, among other singular facts, that, thewbocepralaelsineraos Church,all tte baU rooms. Ths thing was weU recetveu ayher 4|ltito%ireat,'andwhenthepriceslaaehthe Hemightexpecttodriveatilldeepertiiesubject Slavery is as foreign to Kansas to-day aa it isfatigues of his spirit and the heaviness of histo the depth of 800 feet ThegreatminesofMexico, at Zacate-rigidlyTopics.^M.kaat man for theinaidaej aod thea dect bim. The same He certainly did not expect ^to secure a single the decwt pailora of a republican financier?on her husband's showing, she found in A plan for ^wlng rich, en additional vote for her admission. He could Surely, if such things can be, in such phtces, itabominations of Slavery and slaveholders? than,and3,000feet The mining system in.not tohope swell the general welcome whieh Is not si^etfluousafter aU, our Bepnblicanaad * hl*"^fiilfillthewholerangeoftheirdomesticduties U^ea» yaHti-aMIng Mt withoat i«aerve. of disaH)ointment and defeat into the hearts whether a sum's obligations to his family and irov we W* to 'UBton Par^" micht Of ttune who find themselves beaten and hU- to society, aasomed in the very act of organ- take ft 11^ friga^'tow^tita sngfestioiu. ndliated in their endeavor to plant Slavery in izing a family, ate adequately discharged whenthe statement would excite universal exacration, and yet heaaudience.Mrs. JOUA DiAS Hat« msde her rattrtc,U Hn KngXR. wiU find, to Kansas ;—but this is not a motiveget the AM«»*tw P^9l^ ^ a^^npon the man holding the peeltioB of United states Sen- insists on their eating their meals decenUyWe suppose the Tribune would counsel us would sUta noKiing more than the truth. The on tte New-York stage at theJ*^ to dig for silver only in our own dominions. morbid desire to snp upon horrors, and indulge in last talght, to tte character of "~~^Itisjoaiiiiiii^,whichany hepaystheir carries them to church, and bills,But digwherever and as hard as wethat titiilation of the nerves and curdling of thea cordial «d h«Hlsome ^^^.^:--^2S?s2:i?beatmanfortheVieiS aa fltetme atorwouldcaretoavowforhis ^taj npoapublicaction.and In order.That alikeof the gallom, appears to pervade all classes, high'f—SoftjiaConstitutioii. Infact,thereiaP«Mustatementofthe liaiit to the application of 4his TalaaUe dis- —It becomes disgraceful when it governs the secret history of this unhappy household,isano ;If wedarkermeanincw«y. While he la about ft, he might »8 wen condHct of a(et the public also toagree uponthe true eon-Blrch's story reveals to us a long vista of se-cret bmlaliUes, tyrannies and insults, veiledreason that can be given for reiiudng to mankind. The Stimulus of the CallfomianliMr. Jo»nA», whose ClmH$ MsbisShls aktodof II»«^eienssa ifeaofIboss byOia dsrMsdatnietion ofevery portionof theBlWe,and allwhichsxs,•*!*smiliDg surface of picas politenessand a new In Mexico would infalliblyuponI" the main, aad was received witt aboadaat Bvtgk.r «tatn|iM,they tend, any way,large.Wehave the broomstickthe ssntooce******church and ;inducea man's life Uke the executioner'swilled BackmfOUtbad bm of Us pasaloB. Tte play was faMycharters, deeds, trtBs andcontracts, to promote the publicwelfare ? Dotheyand breathesOf 4eath drop from the Judge'a Upsto '«thelaw-under a to£kUand make him virtually dead yetbehavior'^ftmla concur in their interpretation of afl the Slave States ? Do infacers has given us Australiaera of miningqtticken the same Industry throughoutwhile he moveso^ItpaltrymotiTe alwayseverywhereMrs. Bcrch'sto makefanetkmuy.But, aside from its utter ineleiTan<7 to the Kapsas question, what general good can t>eattacks hoped for from such envenomed oponrise the mind. Mrs. uponmuchto sec a siBuer baptised.than pacefoUy, by 'ores of a sISHte. taste tsA ^^^an* Wp».«n the dipiomaflsta into concord in the least the solution of what eveiy aeBsi* morning and ,thanJoTo^»ljhtlIis.fUi«irevtTO»ttelof»«ofA*ifc>••='. a*'k" --^--^ -^"^high publicfurther to tee a crhninal hung One would Imagine thatg^e of the rarest and noit HHon, succumte to ttaiaeBUy, anoalmostandntoly hma^i wltteQisting;in hearing bim saatenced to death,very good-naturedacceptquestionsseems nothing •specially attractive in the struggles dUEcuit thMspecialas an element ofadulations,actual shedding of blood, per- "butit for Bootchmao, Sir!"But aswe have no right to urge it on his behalf; aorshould beor forgotten forgiven.a cool pistol, death, with the aid of poison, may bethe weakest armThe result of these fatal faciliUea, facili-personslthat he should take occasion topartisan pha-very suddenly become conscious of, is found in everyhorrid catalogue.The rapid increase of this most— We have already far too much passiondanger-feeling and expression, in -our public councils.A Skeletea Out of the Closet.We publish to-day the most important papersit formoment, is to illustrate the by throwingayJ of Eaaez ICarket to be made water- marshal offenajve facts in the most offensive law, and wiU there receive quite as thorough nearly 1100,000,000 per year. Her com-aolaipnaslanoathea. Tarest»mtgreatlygest thatfacility withpoisons are atrespectable familypoor country," from her minesneed more coolness and cahnnesswhichof theinto thathelping hand, she might now have emerged.those vlii> entertala t>8si;of thepurepowerful,case of domestic scandaler in the than that of similar into awhich has for months past been disturbing the surface of society in a leading Western city.average property Mexico, distracted by a lifetime of revolutions. The interior commerce of the Republic, in spite of no railways, poor highways, civil war and brigandage, amounts to $400,000,000 per year.matterhasbeenforcedintothecourtsof Theinfantmanufacturesofmanner, are among the most common attri- a ventilation as the interests of justice can merce, so cavalierly contemned by our nutgnifi-Indeed, ready they once—three sass laMtOar «fi iaterpaee a veto, as it is clearly butes of popolar oratory. Mr. SinufKB adds to demand, or as comports with the good of theooald ths 'of the Charter.At a ngolaraieeting of the Eiatotical Society indicative of extended" murdered certainly, but a "susSsr-ptoee"miklltfaapiaiiiiaiisMat-evAAarttwaa anaon&eed that the Abbott col-at community large.story,as it000 per yearmonopolized nearlyat home this commerce would be Indefioitel^r in-—'' had been Jae&nltfjMrttiML iiiiti^ties;them certain graces of style andJexpressioBiBut theshowingof which hasEngland gradually•« Lei and Mrs. Lie are on a visit.with Mr. to prove the 'fact on ths popetrsteca. The kemtmmria man bound all his professions to an especial practice ofsweetness indiipettsable to tlie ideal the pertecUoaafalt., .masical gymnastics always etTectlvd enough, hat really not at all necessary to the perfection of aa sr-bound to rule his own household to be mercifiil, considerate, reason-in;to its regainthe tradeMffilstrom in whichbangsputstore calm to everybody.for us towhether, invariablythe world ataid morally laid over the wife's shoulders in the;the cards to « dioner-partyis-;in- wrong andfaint at ita which the poisonousthat canpursuits, neglect-for the counting-house andMr. HlMLausaKunlonMaaday.iiaM,them by aatles of a sqlBcteotly langhaUa, if aot very artisticktsd,aadtteoalyattemptevmatsdramatle carloatore in tte play Is tte performanca by Mr.mind and hisof the^Exchange,reservingforhishomeonlythea farceeyesaC' ss wttk- caa hardlybesaid. ThsthiwdaJTIkspisesIsabsia thread enough ,—tts old sbay of a betas Ai^ianilK upon a silly aU Itoalaer of tte isaals Mb Mrs. Wood aad Mr. Jarnaaaa, wka mate tte s<S afInquire financiersnext to pleasure of seeing a man hung, they delightedUntitled DocumentMr.?orsystematic attempt to putavers, heroutofherple bare at last conquered a peace. They a certain class of minds, and are received in ried into execution with all the circumstances to property, or if a woman desires to exchange unless an who were psiwiitiin ant oTS^^ hare defeated the wont deaigne ot her ene- some quarters as manly and eooragaous trib- of a conspiracy. If Mrs. Bcboh's assertions the shackled condition of wifedom for the lu- *«=»1" *> theywfllbsiaMAiil^r*'*them? WecanunderstandoffeDsivaly (Ernst uponmotlter, progenitornp.. »f .l^Ot^ as— - ...Jo^-y_ j-'"^,,^|,ifaWlatence now for firar or five years. Her peo- outpourings of paasicnate vltuperatlan gratify member of society ; and this attempt is car- from the world to quicken his own sncceasioa aneyewitasesarA»''snBL'' &ikU«<taW)^|te.ftea. BhehasbeenstmggUngforareoogniaodperfectly that theseson wishes by hasteninghisthe revoread gsoBsaiA iabat hiMMf hcMbSaBmies,—have suooeeded in throwing off the utes to sinceie convictions of moral principle. shall be sustataied, we shall be gratified with fettered liberty of widowhood, they have but to give the objnrgaiiga^ a^if heavy yoke which the slav&.h<ddlng interest, But this is no fair test of their valae. What the knowledge that an American banker, with- to step around the comer to the convenient generally employed lij'illilifcaaided by the Federal Government, straggledgood do they do I In what way do they tend out a touch of noble blood in hia veins, orapothecary. Poiaons are sold as umrestrieted-ly aspulse glvaa to ofatsnaaeaata NOK. and the.Pope, Pluto wfllto iasten upon them, and with a Constitation of their own for admlaaion to the Federal Union.to the promoteernment of aexcuseoflong and laboriously have a^ilied,public welfare ? If the Gov-thearistocratic licensebe- canprovisions aod If ths mania for their use ;____^^engraver Chicago liTiniflnw tg ^making,The House of Representatives, with com- sions,duel betweenbuild for himself in the contending pas- upconceptions, privacyunabated, it is probable that ere an-Toxicology wiU be taught as a large supply of letter -paper,perpetual«\!s^ S— ^IfwH^great country were merelya his wilderingmoralcontinues of Yaa " ex- other decade—Aa hitiontheaesaion,Every consideration of expediency, as^well aa tempeiate factions, we coidd see the utility of plaint shall be favorably listened to by the or neighbors, poison is the favorite, and for great litt of things mote aseftil ^aa iiiiisiaiMi^;—disputeawaitswere to t>e sought in the hot wrangling of in- ous.vidualgratifyprivatenotori- If, on the other hand, Mr. Bitbch's com-many methoda by which an indi- may rid himself of obnoxionB relativesmany reasons. In the first place It seems to And however " well execnted" It TirlWiflinbsaiof BzwAXS has' certainly been asnrntafl' i^ifc!pious professionsposition^»a gToimds,^raaomieiBg {tadivhw aayiApro^erous generation exico and MiBing.strongknife,for the joy that is in him curiously illustratenowsingle Individual, and anon intelligence of the poisoning of a whole family comes to swell theico over to continued anarchy, because, among other things, "Mexico is a poor country." This proposition is at least refreshingly novel.partleBlarly, nor yet for flMta.To considerimportance of the commercial resources which wehavesacrificed Mexicoback_flM^aThe valuation of the real estate of theStates aftercent contemporary, amounts to nearly $60,000,-cine is asked for. lights,by deaervedtobemurderedIn thspieestmofaiof Music, on Monday nJ^t, also affined a »» «Kf,wltbthe tfiMrarastrci, each westhyafa reetpOia which aelthsr rsoalvsd.Madame Cosnsi'i Pasl^u Is " n PoHuls " waa saafull ofsilver mines of Mexico has fallen off since theminingand re- Dining at a friend'sing organizedtt is sttga, aevd u Buy be,2,000given countries of the worldremovean end to strife andwith the fulltable, knowledgebeyond computationthe jrleld of the veins.^^X,"*'ofrye."producetouch ofassured industryof the world. Kie financialwhich the vast efflux of gold from Californiasession of suchly honeycomb the soil of Central Mexico will invitethither,iforderandsecuritybeguaran-thepresentunexampled whichwfQlendtheir taleakAnd where has the mining interest fixed itself as in Mexico?On our own Atlantic slope, mines of argen.tlferous galena, surrendered for years to thea are now be- idlescratchingot fewlaborers,bonestiy:anyden by nature. Be has lilt npoa tte staK^ltiffisft.- r ::^,inmiortallythefor pnrposaa of onwmeBtattam—it bdeogs to Hffsidered in estimating the value to Americans suddenlyof the real aeqoisltlons of the last seana. B isaa " "Mexico and of friendly re-between thatis the prospect which would thus be opened to American enterprise and investment in the development of the natural wealth of Newof order in a stableexecution. She has a genuizie mosical iisllnialssilationsSpain. ThisBepublic and ourselvesMr. F(.owEBS rushes to the fallen lady, sup- ports her with his left arm, and with the other,aid an tmafleoted dramatle which power,a sum which thefails to grasp,but which our opulent philosophersofthe Tribune probably regard as a mere song of sixpence, not equal in value to a sin-Up, hisVeaponof cipally silver,imaginationto be of thefor liesAs to much, perhaps, oughtmines as literal-thrilUagwemay,shall not out-dig the swift growth of the in- blood produced by contact with anything savoringVn Valna ftt PawnmrB.-jn,e f^^ilaB gm'their boeums Vttime used to cany the gold snuff-box, or as aguests canyhours ufit inthe day and night, just as beaiw\f the oldenregister to «h!c"h it belongsuncertain. He sings wtth tlM splrtt," too, and ta the great iuo of Uooday ntght fairly sWispt tte tease beforehimbythevigorandIraofhisdelivery. Far the " Trovatore," wtilch is to be peifomed to-iriiU> Signor Hcsiisi has reserved his C in a bit ofpublicPreddest-to ba. Of_creasing markete of the world.onourAtianticandourPacificslopes,inCali- andlow. Fromansestheticalpointofviewthere «rate^lt.wnUmentifornia and in Carolina, we possess treasures of nvpr as weD as of gold, is surely the poorestthe Uni-rn^w ofamanclutchingatthinairforlife,andyetmen hercontemptible. M.a.Hansaaqtietstte<Wgf»make the silver of Mexico also more accessible towill gothere would be little music in the wordsof arttiltegta>.upondifferences, quench animosities,pocket,^^^^^^as now;of the size of New-Vork and findtimeforanythingelse,ifhedoeshisduty.which shelves of thethe Diatricl-Attorney'e office,throwstteopen stagea^CityMKNOMIlar-v "^n^andought to feel about the mass of untried ia-vogue, the result of years of Spanish labor anS •^If a strangar, hi andeavoring to delineate Biwian of tte travesty ef a certain "^"l?"*^!^; yetmorecrowdtohearnowfor a kM theraaaandwoumd"ii~padding or aJovntai wUsky," and "eaathat further growth and spread. In the first place, let us sug-intentions,be sold without the name of theentour areso that ..». 1.1. 1 .11 .. druggists accommodating .,....—they would deal out a dozen pounds of strych- masters, we Imprecsts their osadBg.thepresent obtained should be materially lessened. Let it be made penal for a druggist to sellpoliti-the last Oyer and Terminer there was hardlyanything done, owing to Mr. WATEKBtrar's ab-sence, and the General Sessions adjourned forthe same reason. He will greatly oblige the let worth from the boxes. Tiai>*^-]ei^;s«ffic^^ :>!*comes to the determination to shootMrs.\ Lee, and draws a revolver and fires. metaphor to ^eak of ths splendor of thb lady^done,the blood washedFloWEESreloadedThefresh acndents.in the manner in which whichtherevolverhastake^nin families as a domestic utensil.woond,to them,In the Cocotma of the first act. aad ia tte tmtand wepresume:Mr. bouquets thenecessity of sola rgioi Usown satesthey have bten bored to death at WaAtj^flOKk Wrbelongssppareotly)nthetherestare leerultfaig"ratherbyOieir profits ttaaMeanwhile, "Provlaeas, Psxn,Tte Theatres exhibit slgas of IMS.Embassy,''byse;w iftlraati"i PusafHb prednesd'"^fV^^^^T^S^^lmeplaMSBo^K'ae^,' .t^ '-y-^'.:_y^Jm:-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com *i . .•isF:*' <^Mi«i£>'<-^r^^j;