 MBW YORK HHRALD, MOfTDAT. APBIL 2, WW.1VEW* YORK HERALD. of morefirmnessWMexfcibUX. New BUM sold at S17 litical sect, whose fundamental principles can- that it would seem as i f the Atlantic would be, charged before the District Court of the United _*• eater'-i_.~i_~.r.i~i.r L~. n~ " " " " » * ^ ^ ^ * -J 1 I E I O O & O O I 1 K I I B T T , EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.!74a$18,andnewprimeat»U24a$1457*.Safarinotbereconciledwiththeexistenceofthethisseason,inbothdirections,thegrandhigh- Stateswithanactofpiracy.Itwillnodoubt •'«bettvesttgtkeaoftkealegedcontinuedfirmandlagooddemand,with sales of abort Confederation of American States, established way of summer travel. be clearly set forth, In the testimony to be ad- asry,uo3wuaeaewi hatyear by flat -ttsDmCl K.V.CORNBBOPNASSAUANDFULTONITS. TERMS,auki,mtvmet.M<meymatft*Mat!wiflber*theembraces4,025bagsBio,6,210do.Bibis,2,474Haracaiand if two shots were fired at him or not beforeCAX HICKS ANDJACKALOWBECONTICTKD OF tionsandcirculars complainingoftheneglect heopened fire. Inthistrialseveralcomplicat- tltemhwMltyreportIsmyMr,neh«inaaaefa.ta.B~held, while no Bales of moment were reported. The stock riskofthetender.Postageitamtptnotreceivedatmtbmtnpiiu*bo,3,060Ceylon,1,260PortoRico,aad26,664mateJava,any record. _We have received a number o f communica-TUB DAI!. V HER AI.D two cent* per copy, $7 par annumacd 1,622 mats aad 360 bags Singapore. Total, 47,304MtiRDERT-The arrest of the alleged pirates- Hfcka and Jackalow, has created a most Iro- foaodsensation in thecommunity,and mncn" speculation has been excited by the very sin- gular circumstance, that although there is every reason to believe that five persons have been murdered, not one of the bodies has been found. It has been held as a sound theory at common law, that there can b e n o conviction for murder unleps a sufficient portion of tha re- mains of tbe viGtim shall be found and dulyharbor o f Havana, arising from t h e hospital contractsystempractisedinthatportIf a tenth part of what has been stated toin betrue, thematter is onethat callsforthe early attention o f the government, and the ad- ministration should a t once instruct our Con-the resistance to Inquiry was perpetrated un- hefarther isvestigated, as. y facts baring oceaTsi- warrant such a sourse. Omtrt«fct mr seal sad nnesnander tbe claimed protectionof twoflags— andthepackingofthevariousfaroswxhanaforsi thoseofMexicoandSpain—and that theships tioneeringpurposes,winalsobeexaminedTUE WEEKLY HERALD, utery Saturttay .rf rix cenu percopy ur $3 yr tn„mm. th* Huropotn EaS&om eterw Wedwmiay.ot «x•-KIJ>i-r•"i*y $4perannum tonnypurl «fGreat Britain, •Bgagemenu,chieflytoEoguahporta Or $0 tu any pn,rt >./ the t'wttinrat. both to iinfji^uort*/*; theOiti/'rrniu L-hlt M.IJHthe UMand AltA « / eucA montl .i< «Lc tnifiP" '"W '•"*•'"f""r'*•»*»««>•»•Tbe Connecticut Election To-day. r//£FAMILY HERALD cmWednesday, atfour ctnUper ThiselectioncomesofFto-day,andbyiatel-were fitted out m a Spanish port It is a well established principle of international law, that the levying of, and the fitting out of armed cruisers, is an exclusive prerogative o f sover- eignty, which n o foreign Power can lawfully exercise in the territory of another State with-TBB PACinr TBaOBAPa. Thesabcommittee appoiatedby tfc«BootePanOAwjCommlttee to examine aad settle the eeash ot * « g, aate Pacific Tekgraph bill, had a protracted sesaes a Saturdsy, but failed to arrive at any coeewsata r w will undoubtedly axeead it ta tome respects, axhsrn throwing it open to competition, reducing tbe ttsn,as4 cutting down the appropriation f r o a fifty taeentBd Be-CDpy. </r Si pei annum f-1 UI.IMARY ruRRESPVltDEirCE. eontninirv, faporti nt •nrt, toheitr<i from any qwnrtrr of the word/.' if used. n-trY'<« Uhrrally y.:<l Jar. gfcir*"CB KoBSluB UOBRasrOB'BBim i l l P»BTU-Ij. A»LT Hl«|I!MtU TO BAAL ALL L,«TriH» A«D PACC-M I » » » • » I ".Sv SOTli'E taken of anonymtMa eorrmponlr ,re. We'to notHgwice from-All paita of Connecticut we learo. that the greatest excitement prevails, and that never was a State election BOcontested before. Tbe canvass has been conducted with all the zeal and energy of a Presidential election. Stump orators from other States, torchlight procession", bands of music, illuminations and boDfireB. the roar of cannon and the various appliances which are put in requisition when the great political organizations of the day are contendingforthecontroloftheFederalgo- vernment, its spoils and honors, together withsul,GeneralHelm,t ol a ythe evilbeforetheTrnTu-f* reified romMunicaHoniJOH 1'UIAJ'IMG, exeeide-l ith neatnem.Captain General of Cuba, with a request thatbe will take measures to puta stop toitchttpnemanliie-Wo. W4NIBLO'SFerrss*- WIDOW or tn« MILL-IBIS* ASSLBABCS ABB VAJI- BaeMoolJTIBOWRAY rUBATBB. Bowecy.-JsAll KtBT—DOS C-USAB US UABAS— * « AAABMIBU UAORIFICS.Wiwrmn a ABDBB. Broadway, opposite Bond street.- BTA»U»I_III«.WALLACE'S THCATRS. Broadway.-BOBABCB or A POOR 1OVM9 MAX.During tbe sickly season the yellow fever of out Its express permission. Perhaps Senor ars, as Oaiifonua has passed the bill giving She aretekgraph company connecting the Atlantic with the rv dfic sixty thousand dollars.TBB rwnwXwBBBAj. OUBrOO*.The Presidential eaeJdrea n boiling, aad scarcely a awmpatrkVatMarin has infringed both the laws of Spain and Mexico in this outfitting, and as the offence andXXVAMCKRJIBJIT» THIS KVEMIMU.identified.This is what is called, legally, theHavana is a terrible enemy to our sailors, andone would suppose that the natural chances ofrecovery would be quite sufficient risk for them capture both took place in a Mexican harbor,OARDB-V. BroadwAy—WSITB HOUIo r THBcode. There can be no question as to the to run, without the addition of the under- the government of that republic may demand peases that dooe aa change the fortunes of those who artUUBlAIBNkVBTILBATRB,O*Broadway.—COLLIBB preparationswhicharebeingmadetoritinTHE DISTANCE BETWEEN THE ATLANTIC ANDTHE PACIFIC CuBTAinja) TO EICIIT DATS.—Com-mencing with to morrow the distance betweentbe Atlantic and the Pacific will be lessened tolittle more than a week. Telegrams c a n b esent over the wires to S t Joseph, ontheMissouri river, from whence they will be con-veyed by a pony express to the telegraph lineat Placerville, which will transmit them atIa responseto the report of the House ComaiUeea Territories, which asserts the general prtaciple that B e acceptance or rejection of a petition for the admission of % Sate rests entirely In the discretion of Congress si tss time of such application, Mr Clark, of Missouri,of the minority, will present t h e foUowtag prists — Ts» constitution of Kansas was not formed and presented * Congress i n accordance with law (meaning the fcnritabill), but In derogation thereof that it doss not appear that there is within her limits a sufficient popolstios uBA WS.F.venlftS-JAAllB I)AA*S-iK>A CiMAB ItkloBIfSA, A a ,BBY AITW MInrsTRKLS, Meooanlc*' W»r . B l ALA-HttAa. SoMM, DAJICC3, AO—every Stale, from the recent agitation o f th e great issue which it is to decide, above all fromBowery.—DBR»-ABARIUMS AMCBfCAN MP8BUK Broadwar.-Dsy andwicw BOWXRV, — YoCHC ABAftlCA.TAU orrwoOmssK ' B L < b HAi.oOJ*. t!n«fKJwA/.—U«o» THRISTT » M m - STUIIJJ •• dom.», DAJICM. «HUL««to»». Ac.—Tu To >DLBS.NATTONAI. c o v c t R T SALOOX. Il«Uaaal TUeAtre— go*..*, I>»!•<;»?. lauLMHtfJH, Ax.ONl>iiRr«.>I«K VrALl!, 403 arsuid street-IltTTi M is |TkEU» 111 SOSO-t, D l M U , BL»Uti«*UtA, AC—KAL M»A^C«.HkTHolTi.iTAN IUI.L. J»tt«r ittT— Wnoo'8 M is •TILIL« l» t"-MU>ri»» ».jffC». U l » C « t , * C - M * VSAB*!ALL*.Kew \ork, .Uouday, April a, 18G0.MALLS F U B EUROPE.The New York ller»ld—£dUion fur Kirope. ^Tb* (>m»nl mail uteamship CanailB, Oiptain Ijutg, W>1J |e«v.)BuitoLonWoJn-i<lByforUvurjiool.The kurofM-BD mBila will clowe in this city ths Bf lernooi.,BttiBl!pestoneo'clock,togobyrailroad,andatfour o'clock, to go by »te urn boat.Tfc* tiBin-BAS vwmus o» nis EMLVLD will b» publishedat v*u o clock In the morning. Single copies, In wrap- pers, H I coots8ubeoriptH.nl and adverti8»'ment| for any edition of the Krw YORK HXKALD will be received at the ^Lowing pUcesIn Europe —loicDOB Sampaon Low,.Son A Co., 47 Lndfrate Hill.once to Sacramento and S a n Francisco. T h edistance r u n b y express will b e gradually required b y law; and further, the proposed area e aU S BAAAB-LITIHJBAH, 172 Broild TMA SULk*GBIt-likely to produee in favor o f o r against repub- licanism in the Northern States, and its conse- quent effect upon the Presidential election—it partakes of the nature of that s'ruggle, aud maj be regaided a* part of it—the Qrst battle in Uie campaign ot 1M;0. This accounts for the ex-citement of the people, and the deep interest which they take in the contest—an interest which is largely shared by the StaU; and the city of New York; for Connecticut is our nearest neighbor to the North, and such i s i t s intimate intercourse with us that both States may be regarded almo.-t as one people.The interest of New York city, moreover,would b e affected in a peculiar degree b ywhateverwouldaffecttheinterestsofConnec-nically, on the high seas, and the Unitedsome clear and irresistible proof that the per rate of four or six dollars per head, in which i ssons on board t h e vessels a r e actually dead included bed, diet, medicine, nurse, physician,There ia n o t such proof now. T h e circum- atid all. If there is no sickness, this is all profitLaiisitig, Starr A Co., 74 King Wiluam straet.piata !«j.sin< Raliwtn A Co., 8 place de la Bourse. are doing their, utmost to precipitate. ButTUE Guimr.oN BILLS AT ALBANY—MORK CITYRAILWAIS.—The taxpayers o f this city, w h ohave been comforting themselves with the re- One •• " 23whether the influence of the Central Railroad tion.Board has not had something to do with delay- A hungry band o f politicians from your city hare beet ing the opening of the State canals. The hanging about the legislative halls for some time past,LivBarooL.. iBDBing, Starr A Co., No. 0 Chapel Btreei. R. Stuart, 10 Excbaiige street, Bast.HAV-BB Lansing, Baldwin A Co., 21 rue CorneLUe. HAMBIBU. ..iw Chapeauronge A Co.fchould that calamity befall t h e country they would soon find out their error—find it o a tscheme would be killed by the Governor'sOne "" 11writer must have a curious idea ofthe honesty of tbe Canal Commissionersto put such a question. And yet we shouldnot be surprised if many others labored undermoving everything to secure the passage of this bill aat allow the citizens of the city of New York to Save ta benefit of another dish of republican legaanoa, A ss> charged clerk of the Commission-.rs has been busy dosg ing about with his pocket lull of circulars marked "oa fidectial,' and signed by a batch o f chairmen e f repsbk-The oontealsof the EIBOHUJI Eomox or n n E(BSALO when it would be too late for repentance.veto, will be a little startled at the alarmingprobability that the bills will pass over the For this the hospital received the contract price oaWUIcooioina the new* received by mall andtelegraphat the offlec daring the previous week and np to the hour of pubUoaAioo.The News.The Bavaria, which left Southampton on the 18thb i t , arrived at this port last evening. The dates by this arrival are one day latfer than the accounts previously received, and the news, which w e pub-Leaving out of the question the horrora of civil war, and all the disastrous consequences which must follow in its train, Connecticut would suffer severely, in common with every State, by a dissolution of the Union; but she would suffer more than others iu consequence of her peculiar "connection with the South, through the city of New York. In her manu-$42 102The gist of the evil lies in the possession of a private cemetery by the hospital, where the interments are made without form o r rites o f any kind. Christian and heretic, Jew and Gen- tile, are all huddled into the same trench—not only without shroud or coffin, but with so littlelish elsewhere, is interesting, especially so far as re-lates to the question of the annexation of Savoy toFrance. It will be seen that Switzerland stronglyprotests against this measure, but that Piedmont acdFrancehavesettledthequestiontotheirsatis-]ceiveaheaTyblow>from who8e stunningef- faction.Thereisnocommercialnewsbythisar- fecto8newoal<l*«elHxe-adrunkenman,andIHo*rival. > OarSt.Domingocorrespondent,writingfromStDomingo City on the 6th ultimo, says the decree modifying the new tariff declares all descriptions of machinery, books, furniture, bricks, tiles and sol- diers' clothing free of duty, watches and jewelry of all kinds, as well as fabric! of goli and silverFourth,SixthandEighthavenue,andIthe clothingtosellthemforsegaraorrum,andperhaps never recover her prosperity again. Hudson River roads. Tbe Ninth avenue road not unfrequently quarrel 'among themselves AirAIRS Ol NICARAGUA—MORA TROrBLl AX050 TBB IBAOTIT700bhd*.and600 boxesat full prices. The stock ea by the heroism and godlike wisdom of the best bracedabout20,760abds and12,544 boxes:4,684hhds.moUtdo,and66,461bags. Coffee wasquiet, butfirmly andgreatestmenofwhomhumanstoryleafesduced, whether the Saratoga, Indianola and efwhsshMr.Shermanwaseasinaea. It• a Sailors' Rights nnd the Hospital Contract Waveshowedtheirflagswhenapproachinghim, fan thatMr.ruin a-m - «#.,.«. "^••MtBystemtm Havana.bags, sad 28,186 maw). Freights were steady, with fairthe victory o n some excitingwhich divides the country—inabfeeDce of ai>y local issue, from the near ap- proach of the Presidential election, from thehouses, and obstructions to commerce between road through it will b e a novelty. The lobby to a duty of thirty per cent ad valorem. The the States, would cramp every energy, as the has had—thanks to the apathy of New York governmenthaveseveralemigrationschemes systemdoesnowinthepettyStatesofItaly, taxpayers—asplendidthingofitduringthis and as it did in Germany until the Customs bession. The Gridiron Legislature will figure may be responded to by some enterprising settlers Union partially removed t h e evil. And what largely in the annals o f corruption. I t beatsappearances. No one here doubu Dm that Dick CJOBODJ will vote for the bill if his vote is necessary to carry a, under the arrangement that he isto have AU) in the te- lecUeo of the democratic CooaniiBeiouer Few persons ox- aerstano the poutical siguincance that is centered i s t h j bul, being moved by some of the same parties engagedis tbe tormtr Ponce bill, with the audition of another huorrj banu,and having for m ^object tbe centering ol poew upon a few persons, is for*object* besides uianagiaf toe police of your city.The entire Tsmtcany crew a r e advocating thebuiti strong asthey uare do and nut to be seen Sees tor Connolly, a warm acd ardent friend of Dour las, tn connection with Pilisbory, a Tammanyite, s a l captain Leonard, are all busy numug the unJercurrenli tor this bill. It Is to be hoptd taat the qoesuei will take that shape in the Senate that one or two of tae oemocra ic Senators who are secretiv in favor of the Dili, but wfch to have it pass without voting f*r it, willbttendedcemeteryforseamen,for^jjitermentin thatState,urgingthepassageofMr.Morrill'sbill,al- cbiigedtogoforitorelseallowthebidtobe.delated,duty of five per cent; all other articles are subjectevery one. Our'sailors run risks enough inthe sickly harbor of Havana, without havingsuchoddsasthoseweareexposingadded vernmentmightexpectshoulditallowthetreatytobeagainst their chance of recovery; and we are defeated.under consideration, and are anxious that the callfrom the United States. The/e were no American vessels in port. The Adeline Sprague and the HelenJanesailedforNewYorkjnthe6thultimo.The election fdt State officers in Connecticut takes place to-day. We publish in another column lists of the names of the candidates put in nomina- tion by both the democratic and.the republican parties, and the vote cast at the last election, to- gether with letters from our correspondents, so that our readers may be informed of the position of affairs there on the very eve of the battle.would Connecticut b e if severed from th e Wisconsin out and outUnion ? A little petty State, like the duchy o f SiT.LVKi.iNu TUE STRKETS.—Our streets were ParmaorModena,liable to be swallowedup never more in wantofthe Croton than lastby any of her larger neighbors, or by any foreign Power. H er population in 1850 was 370.792, and ought to b e now about 130,000— less than half a million. The area of the State is 4,750 square miles-the smallest ia the Union next t o Rhode Island a n d Delaware. But, i n virtue o f t h e Constitution a n lweek. As the water which is used for sprinkling them is paid for by families, we can see no rea- son why they should be debarred from using it at the period when it is most wanted. For- merly o u r streets were lit by the almanac— that is to say, when the almanac promisedgrounds suppressed b y the government, a n d the Interments made either in the publicour government.IT1K TAIUFF BOLUnCATlOSSThe -low coach Washington papers annouce, the Union, she is part and parcel of a mighty moonlight the gas was not lit. If the alma-Elder, of Fhilalelphia, are among those who are laboringtheestablishmentofasmallfee,insosicklya toprocuretheresultIndicated. Thereisaprospectthst desiredIt,ijrthereweenoughincependuntrepublican!uwhat ha* already been made known t o the public federal republic, with thirty-three millions ofnachappened tolieourcitizenswereex-the Senate to so with them to defeat the bill; but the tut of the queetkn is tin lammanyttes are at heart mart fierce for it than the repnbbcans, notwithstanding tnetr holy horror muii'e^ted at the t'e*. ot its becoming a lav Many o l that class of politicians are laboring wub the rt ^ubbcans mere than the repuDUcan portion of the wftoy is I et me here ssy that tbe oflers to this Senator ID: mat Senator, known as democrats, that tht-y should turn a certain amoutit of induenpe ID u,e selection of tc< demo c:atic commissioners and the ihit: supenntuident. ai *&. as other subordtnaU?, is sunsn to other persons tats tLcee who makr them aui those n>ade to. Some of toeee Senators imagine that if they are shut op In a room *B<*through the columns of the HKKALD, that informa- posed to all the perils o f streets plunged i n population a n d a n area o f 3,100,000 squaretion ha* been received at the Department of "State miles. Her strength is thus rendered equal »to Cimmerian darkness, a n d h a d t o take t h ethat the Cass-Herran treaty between the United States and New Granada, providing for the adjust* mem and payment of our citizens on account ofinjuries received in the Panama riots in 1S56, has been ratifled by the New tiranadian government.place as Havana, would abundantly support a clergyman for the purpose of performing the last s a d rites t o humanity, and caring for the decent interment of its remains. We commend the subject to the early attention o f Gen. Cass, as tbe fever season is near at hand.the bUI will pats the Bouse; but the Senate may fight it, on the ground that the democracy are hardly ready to change from ad valorem to specific duUca, thereby aban- doning their old doctrine. It is hardly possible to carry the measure in a hurry, aa a large smmber of buncombe speeches are already written, and must D*J made by m-.r authors, or they will not b e clothed with th e requisite record to be candidates for re election.party fact,question from t h edictioE, public comity m a y require trial be transferred to Vera Cms.that t h eJo.l a n e , who Is looked upon favorably by the adsaeh- , tn tbe ascendeacy. The friends of Dngta art .and are betting their money freer/ naai at CharlestonTHt ADBUHBIO* O f KAJRAB.ticut; for it is the commercial entrepot be-tweenthatStateandtheSouth. NewYork, dencewhichwouldprove,first,thatamurderthat the new Metropolian Police bill is gradually monsgcation given much of the detail in regard to the orign t' courseofthenextfewweeksitwillsendoffa thisbill,andhowsomeoftheunsophisticated.Senatorsfroaindeed,hasmoretoloseorgainbythesolution of the question which now agitates the public mind than any city in the Union; but it is bound up in a special marrher with Connecti- cut. Those who go wantonly risk the perpetuity of our federal republic b y an insane crusade against the South have little appreciation of what they would lose by the change which theyseven persons, all told, during the sickly sea-facturingtanneries a n d iron works, her carriages a n d clocks, and other "notions/' she wouldre-interests,cottonwoollen, h e ra n dmanufacture and prosper, even if the Union roads will be eight in number, viz:—The Se- were dissolved. But the dissolution of the venth avenue, Fourteenth street,Tenthavenue.Advices just received by the government from Nicara true or not, the impropriety of hav- goa, represent that there is considerable strife and bad ing private cemeteries attached t o hospi- feeling going on there among the rival interests for tbeUnion would for itself, ands e t t h e depriveSouth to manufacturing Connecticut o f the bestavenueBarclayB, avenue C, street a n dSouth a n d West street,Houston street; BO that atals, which are licensed to charge heavily fortransit routes.It also appears that Nicaragua was rather indisposed tomarket for her goods. The tariffs and cuafom public highway o n this Island without a rail-the Interment of patients, whose cure bringsno profit t o t h e establishment, must strike carry out the convention recently entered into betweenthat of the largest Stat* in the ¥nion, or toany State on this continent or in Europe. S h eis protected from domestic treason and exter- on thfc .same system. The two months la thenal violence, and without expense is secureTlu jury in the case of James Shepard, tried in against the world in arms. Bat loose the last Alaich and April. During this period an in-THE PROTEST O P MARJX—COMPLICATIONS It is said that the resolution adopted by the New Jerseythe General Sessions for arson in thefirstdegree, ligament which holds the United States toge- calculable amount of damage is done by it ta were coi)tined yesterday, and there appears to be ther, and what security baa Connecticut against goods exposed for sale, and to property ol a l l no probability of their agreeing upon a verdict. deadly intestine feuds which would consume kinds, to say nothing of the physical ail- They wilt be brought into Court this morning, and ifOF THE CAPTURED STEAMERS QUESTION.— Democratic Convention, relating to the revenue and dis talking over these things that uo parson knows aflyuussburslng system of the federal goverment, was meant to about them, but it so happens that their tracks are ig-e»>We learn b y telegraph from N e w Orleans endorse the Iron policy inaugurated by Mr. Guthrie while Otal ltrgir than their be*as, sJtbojgh they may istc; that Commander Marin, of the recently cap- themstives as cunning as the ostrich, they prove tseaSecretary of the Treasury. telvce equally ignorant of their precise condition ; sad iftured steamers, signing a s an Admiral i n t h e Batch No 2 o f t h e New Jersey Legislature i s here. tbej would cover up their tracks n i o n e about Albany would ever dream that they had any heads.Judge Uusaell finds that it is nut likely they can agreestrong r States, to which she must at ouce sac-Notwithstandingthese,facts,t h eCrotonTheholdersoftheunpaidbondsandcouponsof thecityofMilwaukeehadameetingouSiturday evening at the Brevoort House. There was a nu- merous attendance, and a large share of the bondsrepresented. The bondholders express confidence of final satisfactory adjustment ofthe securities. A committee was appointed to prepare for a futureby ex-iUj .t-, voilneeticut ought to profit by its this abominable plan of doing business,her vitals, o r against t h e aggressions o fments a n d discomforts which i t occasions.rious other measures now before the Legislature af-fectingthecitizensofthemetropolis.Thecitizens statustheyarenomoreresponsible,eitheraforesaid may congratulate themselves that the Aundred days of the Legislative sesslcat expire on ^•Aaasoay, the 11th lost Only %sn days remain. |But what »* hamaaae Amount o f mischief may b e don«mUsatbttof,paeeoftiine,l i a ^ o f t a e ' t a a ^ r 1 * ? ** *"* " ^ hope the pecple of " the Charter O a k " steerage passengers which several of theseJfih street. d u r m T S T s ^ T £ ° - W W « * P o r * be had informed his crew that he was sure theyState will this dayprove totbe world that vessels have taken out Thegreatma- wereAmericanvesselsofwar,andpositivelyhad »*alt.,diJ^JX^ « Si?"?-!<**»Section L A11 BMSWTS belonging toihec^yoreooinf of 9*? Tort stall be deposited by the ie*al eonodne «*f*»* ?"ii waa.withoutoeiajifromtawsw«»**.tsrees^6jh«.• any bask whim h e shall under s l s j * ^ bawttsnew > thai purpose, tad they shall not bo ' r t M - f * « * " * £ £ Si c. j ASwooded speeiact,ly by 1*» or " ^ £ ^ ^ , 3from the effect* of BOX tajuxsaa. Rev.Mr. Corbeti,oftheQ , ^ ^church,deliveredatoctara^J ^Hospital, they so value their precious rights and liberties, jority o f these are probably emigrants whoforbidden them to fire, but that it was a mixedpaper editors belonging to the Fillmore party. This this Investigating Committee may recoil upon Its inventors.There has not been a tittle of evidence encited thus far before either Haskin's, King's, or Covode's committeesfcee-A laassasasnakeeSsaonunnraavnaajn*— A Btiaber other bills weie pasted by that body,m<*-yefkttiehxiportanos. . ..,^_y0-t The bill to provide for the taeeknurei of t^J*** ^ andfc>ieRalioed pasted the HouseJhis^mormAj^.aa AXtraordinary character, "paa laatara - I !out that wonderful a a d startling devetopementspay a short visit to their friends, or to settleup the political system inaugurated by our an- down in their native places on the savings control them." Between the two statements tration, bat in every instance they fall to the felesn are soa»« railroads. It takes acuta*>•» - ^A report of Eav. Mr. Corbatts aMwsa, aadTJaSouthern States, fo r whose political or socialSUMMER TRAVEL TO EUROPE.—From present defence b y some pleader in New Orleans.to Interrogate kirn farther regarding t h e money contributedinthecampaignof1866.Ifthecommittee pursue this matter further, and persist that names of eon - tributors should be made known, the desecrate will follow It np by calling upon the black republican leaders ia Newbody of the crime, and is taken, like many ofour common law maxims, from the Romangeneral validity of this maxim; but it will not taker's interest thereto, in such a way as to answertoapplyitliterally.Theexceptionwhich establishapremiumforthedeathofthepa-that the ships and prisoners b e delivered to mott promtiv. t for th e aexehwaea at Caarlonos t » themfortrialandpunishment IfPresident theastfewdaysHuntersleekhasbeenverybsoysst,will most readily occur to the mind is that of a murder on tbe high seas, where there might ex- ist indisputable proof that a murder had been committed, and yet tbe recovery o f t h e body be a matter of impossibility. In all suet cases the United States Judges have advised the jury that the finding of the body is not indispensa- ble. In the cases of Hicks and Jackalow,tient Though this may not be the object, it seems to be the practical result of the present hospital contract system for seamen practised In Havana.The system of hospital contract in practice there assumes to operate as a sort o f mutual insurance against t h e expenses o f sickness, when, in fact, i t does not subserve the purposesJuarez advances tie claim of sovereign juris-and H i said uiatnearly all tbe Southern States will on. centrate upon him. The coming week will prooshly pit*the influence which the Connecticut electionis tbe crime, if any, was committed, ttch of ajust economy. On the arrival of everyhas jurisdiction. them, o r either o fvessel the oaptain is beset by the hospital runners, who offer to contract for hospital at- tendance on the captain and crew during the time the vessel lies in port, at tbe commutationSlatesconvictthere must be, if the bodies are not fouud,chances of highway robbery or assassination. The Croton Boaid appears to act pretty muchyear iu which we suffer most from dust areIn order to them, o f murder?stances are stroDgly against both t h e arrested parties, but there is as yet no 3uch evidence as is required to convict in a capital case.As to the point which has been raised, tint, according to law, there could be no conviction for murder i n a n y case unless the body was *ound, we have only to say that In all criminal casesthejury,beingthejudgesofthelawand the fact, might convict upon secondary eviwas really committed; second, that the priso- brig E arrived at Havana, with a crew oflessened at both sides, and if the appropriationsought by the American Telegraph Companybe granted b y Congress, we shall shortly b e aries. These reasons form tbe ground of the opposntesTotalsevsc persois at $6veto by a constitutional majority of two-thirds. Burial ol four corpses, at 826 60For George Law's great gridiron there were Total hospital billtwenty votes in the Senate; only two more Senators are to be coaxed or bribed into voting for the measure to secure its triumph. In the Assembly six bills have passed, and each has received an average of ninety votes—four more thanarerequiredtopassabilloveraveto.Soin ariangements in which rival interestsare involved.N1WS FROM WASHINGTON.to secure Us passage that he may again have a nice ofllotand a snug salary, having b*en out in the cold kng enough. H e , however, occupies an unimportant post m the secret programme of this bill. There are other sail more important parties behind t h e curtains, aad His- brouck s movements are only in part the echo of these parties.Nor are the republicans the only movers in this scheme ThereisastrongretinueofwirepullersfromtinTAB many democratic camp quietly, j t t effectively, wortaf lor t h n bill. They have a twofold object—first, wotthe city will be thoroughly gridironed ina respect that it is asserted the negroeswho year or two. W e have now six railways com- perform the last duties to the remains of whatDuuni o t t h e Democratic Presidential tain revenge upon Msyor Wood, next to beep sUnspletedinourstreets—the Second,Third,was a man, strip from the body the remnants ofOVBSPECIALW ASHINGTON WASHINGTOX,April1,1860.It maybe saidthatConnecticut would still isbegun,butnot finished. Thenewcity rail- for tbe garments. Whether this be Boro sracvLAToas.audpreciousstones,aresubjecttoanadvalorem ihatgovernmentandGreatBritainfortheanalsettlementlength—nowanathenblusteringalittletokeep«tby further confinement, they will be discharged fromthefartherconsiderationofthecasa/She-comi)s.ibetheirslave,orwasteherbloodBoardforbidsbyitsregulationsthewaterf^thecaptureofthesesteamersbyCaptainandAmboyKailroad.corporation,andrumorsays tbetimebetntameTherewasalittlespicelastevesisian'; tn• i-are in perhaps fruitless and unavail- to be used for sprinkling purposes. W e .hislife. / iugwa!:historyisphilosophyteachinghopethatitwillbeinducedtoabandonTurner.The point of his protest lies In the statement thatneithertheSaratoga,IndianolanorWave showed their flags when they approached him, so that be could not know who they were, and, supposing them to be towing armed boats t o attack him, he attempted to escape; that two shots were first fired at him, which he returned; and that when h e recognized the Saratoga he ordered t h e firing t o cease. This statement confliots so materially with th e official report of Captain Turner that it looks very much likesaid corporation deadheads them here and back. in thesbtpe of personsluice, but tint soon died sirs} tsi They have been busy night and day in making a n Inside the » Loi>- matter became decidedly tame. The) were da- cussingthebillnearlyallthemsredagBessiontodayupoiand outside examination of all the peculiar Institutions of several amendmeets offered by different tjeoators At*-" this"CityorMagnificentDistances,"aadbarebeenhighly sometwohoursdiscussionitwasorderedtoathirdread-pard will then be placed a third time^e*n tnal fjrlessons.All elasses of her citizens are Interested, be-asjdgive uswater forsprinklingtbestreets whA it is really wanted—if not, w e strongly recommend the sufferers to avail themselves oftickled.3BB BXCIXI PROTEST OF TEX PRKSIDKyT.The House Judiciary Commiitee meets to-morrow, aad will take up the consideration of the President's protest,ing,theflialvotetobetakenonMondayevcLingateiftu o'clock.The Senate passed a number of bills this morniaf • mote or letR^aportauce, among which was one to provide for a police cotirt in the city of New York, authorjaf the Comptroi.tr, Police Commawtooers and Prestoeei *cause all have a share in the glory, protectionand mutual advantages of the Union, which is that principle of law which provides compen-referred to them on Thursday last The committee is the Board of SUpervsiors, and the two Police Justice* so* composed almost entirely, with two. exceptions, of ene- Bfs'gned to the Second ponce court district, to locate sa-mies of the President, and but very little favor or fair- cred tn the city of New York a suitable boadisg » * used ss s court house and place for detention of pnsonennessmaythereforebeanticipatedfromthem.Theyin-broughttothepolicecourtinsaiddistrict-now endangered by fanaticism, and because ail»sation for injuries occasioned by neglect on theclasses in Connecticut are affected by the pros- part o f public companies o r officials, a n d befoundelsewhere. perityoradversityofhermanufactures.TheytobringsuitsagainsttheBoardfordamagemeeting. A full report of the proceedings willwill d o well, therefore, t o pause before they ed in another cointnn, contains Interesting informa- disturb the existing order of things for any tionrelativetotheMetropolitanPolicebill,,andva- visionary Utopian ideas about blacksinthedone t o crinoline and eyesight The shower last night was a special interposition of Provi- dence.tend to carry things with a high hand.TBS CBARCSS AOAWSI THE AnMLMSTRATlOJKTbe bill In rention to the bank depositor and etatodiM of public moneys to New York also passed the flasie j suppose that Mr. Camp, by authority of the Shoe ss«The letter of our Albany correspondent, publish-indicationsitwouldseemasiftherewouldbean unusually large migration o f Americans t oEurope this season. Seven steamers from here cabin I asked him how he had dared to fire• column.t i n ooooa market a a Saturday was wttaoat qastaM. u ^ f f * * - * J o h n Brown. And the end of that this year, with those who can afford it, is m fa- when the impression o f events was fresh u^on The only way ia which they can injure the President is to ooDDocted with it to Albany? L et tosse^AlbaMwitA much firmaess, while sales were moderate, but at —«.-».. iwnsi waiob. u v.fan nrv»a Wtteat was inseUre, the enhanced views of brightest page, ia 0llr * * • giva» to thetime usage and law have experienced a mate- rial change between the time when he trod hisUMnf before the Legislature adjourns m the te^t evidence taken before Mr. Hetkia's committee. He de- daya . APpropnAUMBu*-«*Jii1?****°P^ct-noghosttotell-find ready witnesses willing to swear to any aad every- S a c r a have tb e control of this ***?*'^enaage,whitetansatesembraced about 300a«00bates,closing oa ta* basis of 11 oeats far middbng aptendaFloor ws* beld above the trtews of bayara, wateA check-ed satea Tbava was Bttte or nothing done for export atpraaiat quotations. Tae market for Sute and Waatora « o a a r y s t 1 B g t l . * ^ U *">* In the Revolu- year were deterred from it by the warlike ap-thing, without regard to truth.TBB PRINTING I.WSBT1GAT10Nbrands c. osed at steady pricea. aoutnern Boar w a s hold 1fcoipe-At a l S . ^ T T ? * •» the Union.pearance o f things. T o counterbalance this We Incline to believe that his views o f mari- answer questions relative to arrangements sruteh be msde There a plenty o f time for the passage o t . • " " " % ,o t h e r©««*•, the acST4 0 0 ' l<* hi8torical remlnis-peaceful settlement of affairs on tbe Continent will induce many to take this trip who lastthe best defence that could be set up for his outrageous proceedings.^uaucTiiaT!^ °°consideration willvoroftransatlantictravel. Theprospectof%him,andbeforehehadconsultedcounselastoiSenrrent will be aade a forty-«*Jh«b<£ from the fir* appearance ofthe « * • * * - £ £ .crow than three months the iron horse will '"••"v?! b*u<* the tsouBtaint, frightening the todnnxfronwjf # aad runatof dowa Greeley * • ^ ^ s s e *efflux ef fashionables and people of leisure,Untitled Documentsatbeing metbyparjhAsers.Cornw^s Sta.eprideandselfrZj^i*7, *ttd»l**UJ'»» weshallbeinundatedwithtbecrowdsofcock-freelyoffered,aadotssedateasierrain*. mortalThirteen,winbwaiSrt.,^lm-neysandflunkeyswhowillcomeinthetraindeck,flushedwiththehopeofwearinghiswith parties before bis flection, is shown by tbe publishedandevilsthatattendourseamenintheedpointswillbeinvolved,fromthefactthatoaktransactionsexposedbythecoanm*«wntyea,,,to the hospital; but during the sickly season theexpenses of the establishment have^ to be metin another way. The contract price covers theexpense of treatment, but it does n o t includethe interment, and, for the burial o f the corpsein the private cemetery of the hospital twenty-five dollars and a half more are charged to, andmustbepaidby,theship. Theoperationofthebusiness will be best understood by one of thecaseswhichhavebeenreportedtous. TheWeHandCanal opens to-day; andinthe alongtowardsitspassage. IbareInmyformercomasner at the bar did it, and third, that the deadbody w a s absolutely seen by a credible wit-ness. That such a case might happen is not the commutation price o f six dollars a head. is, for caq,al navigation, a very important mat- impossible on land, and very probable on the She remained in port over two months, and allhigh seas.One cured " 7 flection that the monstrous railway robbery (me died " 18 uson, and contracted for hospital attendance atlarge amount of Western produce to Europe. Seven or ten days start, at the present season,theruraldistrictsweretakentoGothamtoseethessrha The events of the past week and the tttendaacc of s squad o f Police Captains in the* lobby have brought u light further dovelopements in connection with t h e secret hntory of this bill, and renders it necessary for me to re cord another short chapter in connection withttusqua-of the crew were takenthe captain and cook.hospital with the following results:—ter, and tells largely on the tolls. We have re-One died after 0 dsys attendance.68 days attendance.with t h e fever except They were taken to theceived a letter from a correspondent, inquiringMr. Diniitry, our Minister, does not keep o u r govern- ment overstocked with information tn regard to affairs afford to kill them off in order to support com- there. Be has not yet informed the State Department peting hospitals i n Havana. The remedy t o as to the exact provisions of the English treaty, or whether be applied is to have the hospital burial ItIstbesameprojectwhichwassubmittedbyEnglandtonot so abundant in able seamen that we canA strong effort will be made during the coming we?k to cemeteries—the proper authorities receiving pass a Tariff bill that will be satisfactory to Penniy lvania, the lees therefor—or in some properly at- and a large number of prominent citizens are here fromready reported, which Is said to be satisfactory to the make any charge. Such a burial ground, with great interests of that State. Henry C Carey and Drthus taking oil the mask under wnich they are now wort ing.The Police bill could be defcav. t in the Senate witboot any tiouble if all the Tammany democrate in that ooaywhich t h e hospitals should not bss»llowed toable to communicite with San Francisco in the course of a few hours. Thus science is gradu- ally annihilating space and beating down'ura ban iers that separate the interests o f commu- nities. •.'on the democratic side to the admission of Kansa oaasr tbe Wyandot constitution.OPENING OF TUB CANALS.—There has been no announcement asyetoftheperiodwhenthe State Canals will open. W e see that theIke Metropolitan Police BiU—lhe Permm Favorimfib Pottage—BiUt Patted Q*e Senate- General Appntma tit* BQl—City Railroadt. dY. ItwillbeseenbymyreportoftheactionoftheSettletbe same Impression—it is so difficult to account$144 for the motives which govern public officials can committees, and doing everything else in his powwAffalrs I n Nicaragua—The Proposed dtficntions orthe Tariff- Progress of the investigating Committees— Tnt Ups andAkplrants, & c , dto.odium possible upon the republican party, thus fcUlng dierepublicanswitnssehandaadtheMayorwitsthe other.ThesecfficiouiTasssBBnytteeimmediatelybecometai^ aunt aad go off a high dudgeon the momeat aa tauj tion h made that they are favoring ton bul, bu the <ngTBnmanyHesereneverthelessin thisbillopto eyes, whatever they may say to the contrary. Thear rangenasnt made is to have the Commissioners, aleesraBOBen and Stranahan, to be Uie republican comaussionert, end one Douglas democrat to please the other side.I Bottcc throughout the debate of this questiM ia the Senate the democratic Senators have, with one or two ex- ceptions, been lukewarm upon t h e question, and hsre not shown a disposition to ventilate the question at surlof the Mosquito and Nicaragua imbroglio. Mr. Wyke, the BritietteMinister, had pretty plainly indicated what the go-Mexicannavy,haspublishedaprotestagainst Theyareaccompanied bytheagentoftheCamden ThediscussiontntheSenateuponmi*billhasnricbdDESP A TCH.Mr. Covode's oommlttm meets again to-morrow, Leather Bank, wtil be willing to give an oyster sapperan afterthought, prepared specially forhis and has notified Collector Schell that they desire now.Captain Turner says he sent an officer to bring Captain Marin, and "as soon as he reached mymorally, religiously or politically, than theyare for the condition of the inhabitants ofKamtschatkaorHindostan.ThesafestandonefromPortlandleftforEuropeanportsuponmyvessels.Hereplied,unhesitatingly,York,whoareknowntohavecontributedlargelyforthe tinteffect,shalleontnueatheofficewak*kswmwuntil On e\pirBUoB of the tern ot ostos for wans,«Ao txsw maxim in politics is, to let well enough lastweek,all crowdedwith passengers. One andinthepresenceofawitness,that whenhe Fremontcampaign,aadwhichwassent into Pennsylva- trollerofthecayof»*wTort,sowtooffiet,waseonw».alone. F o r this reason, therefore, w e noticeable fact i s t h e large number o f observed my vessels steering into t h e harbor nia and other States to buy up a Bomber o f sickly news- DO kHAAtCJ". * M _ i . . ^ Jawankaad the prosperity and security they enjoy have been doing pretty well here, and crew of various nations, having been but re- which can be tortured into proof against the President bul kttie or no opposition, la the pr^se » TM # ,1 passedtheSenate. TheSteadingC^ *!J£otUvotsa for the programme of Helper, Spooner, regular pleasure tourists, the general tendency first one, as detailed by Captain Turner, made black republicans, will be utterly routed ia this matter taking the Pacific Bauroad out of the **ff» * ^ .£•£ bead* in Wathiastoa. ^ uaiaferring j " £***** undertheconstitutionoftheUnitedStates,that whoreturntotheoldcountryeitherto centlytakenonboard,andnotbeingyet orhisCabinet.Constanttnajnuationsarebeingthrownnumber of reports, among which was U * Ninth. A v a ^ bulto confirm <*^**'^*^Z?$Jtoi\mtthey will vote down the mad attempt to breakacription of the audience, may be fouad ta aaathat y * * * - If Connecticut votes for republicanism which they have accumulated. Amongst the of Commander Marin, we cannot but accepH the ground. HaakJa, Covode a a d t h e whole gaag o f ahead with hghisttog speed UitJara!^"FfJE.,yvertised to be delivered to Miaiwrea and w L ^properly disciplined, he found it impossible towill soon b e made, implicating t h e adminis- to a third reeding. Thus you will sli for a railroad grant w bo rimjhro^by^Jtttej^^^The absurdity of the statement tstegrapaed to the coun-try, that Mr. Ford, the House printer, is not wiilinx to rate. Let us have the Pacific stoltroed bul hero » rf••»n*.nwsrsxaanastenturofthisverythta*. committee, sad the axeaan* of Mr. Reary, was aa2braces t h e Cherokee Indian Territory, which Cengrsa, ia 1854, formally decided should constitute no part of aw Territory of Kansas, but will be excluded from fti booed-Oar Albany Correspondence, ALHAM, March 31,1$Mwsaid custodian of said mom)a * " J ^ . M e e n l UwT»Sky anu treasurer of the «>uBty^»tt^ofspe«Bi » - ^ to sourn the novel drwi«« .TMduce itOf thoPvin/>A nfIValoaTl,..r»*T*A «l,„*^»,.,„V.he ought to have the benefit of the tact•Ockai**. »•" IAin* TB* ^_wThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069f>*n hd\ nn www.fultonhistory.combroadpennant as an admiralo f t h e Mexicanv; i#referredto a few OB)SSIEC«*...._jclaresthatbemadenopromisestocountryeditors,orto the lobby, beyond what is indicated in his evidence. aadTheHousewascons.derlngtheG«nerei_...^^ buladtaemorning.Thebillwasgoo*"*<***^^-,, Mr Gever renewed his m'tion in relatwtthree band favoredbyMesar*.Gover.Jarq'*aV - - r-1_ . 1 _ « n\ r. A 