 HBW-TOBK,'8ATtJEDAT, VBB liBW«TOULofpsyfhe GoreriMBeiitoantncstoTa, appears on not be generally known that, i' this treaty be engaged in (he Wanderer enteiprise—If (hey Iry, bat lh« tons of tiiiisawMt ace oioro laHBlasD',it te tlM jMMIas to toaMnwtheyseriously totallyarrMrf— wTaifcOMy.'' \-anybodyany•^•^^^Exchange yesterday.Canada, and isthe attempts which have been made in pastwas an act to authorize theors of Rennssetaer County to audit bertaln billa.first-daae ^. Cotton'negroeswi«rAfor Flour, which The hilfi rates claimed for Wheatas to the^ Jw»«iiii«l« iMa EnBlac>B THBATRB—HolBAJtl) 10 Oll)«»—Tn«injuriousafool:heis aphilanthropist ":asortofmarinefugitiveilavee. fromtttelr maitenin aacapediBaa Tan.WIvnB OARPtK—Th» Octoxxw.tugltirea from service.^SEVS BY TELEGRAPeTtreaty.;HosD, Hr.wasadopted byWe leam fromvfho so often gave their testimony in the course ofyacht lyingI.AWBXHCX,Queens. (Dem.,)introdnoedaWashington the trials at Charlestown,;to-morrow a slave-ship, gliding stealth-Washington,in attendancemember from this State voted such exceptionable candidate, heuponmittee will probably last into next Summer. Theanynon-departureand discussionsabout which our information is still im-tipon'Wiv-TosK Tuii.drag along throughwould not be toAmericaninterests,ifnot destructive of our Central Americanmartyrpore love for the negro. Fabkham is worse tbanA nun naaied Josiph BosAair was restenlay at Paris, C. W., for pasaiiig n,M* in eewn-JAH. 7. 1880.the for the Honae,money to ticed In the Press of this country, but it may other gentlemen to have been foerer sUe pottlieal aower mn k* Mgs4. Disso- aUeged Inttea la not aaoBC the lapoamac cvUs of (hb ooao-di»rtll**Ok*»Tii^AilMlnf.IMnttfIheOUy pKoedented, IpresumeBut we must saywfi-TOlX TBOS (IMIr) U|rtH*i<iMij notwe can- that it is not feasible and'ing the amendments of the United States Sen- euUoo, or even ingratitude, could ever indaoe The Governor^ Haasago was transmitted to-day.mk, •• PHk-ra«, BvrmMtad Hiinot be eiiterialned.Treaty,ifbetray his associates in any en-Jan. e.He coDgratolatos flie etUaaaa <m the atata of the finanoes, and Ibe prospeet of a gradnal absorption ofTBIATRE-GunBoioM—A thechaaoeaofaa' ^iiMaxsoa n a Shoox FsiaCK.andindependent Democrat,Vntoa HeetlBg at AIfe«ajr« iLLttrnt, Friday, Ji^ 9,that the witnesses, Virginia,were Irish women. Women of tlii« class lived at anaverage but four years, so tnat 3.000 Irlsngi. Is wereaonuaily made prostitutes. It was impossible \o lay other Black Republican, should not be elected Wrecking Company.Hi nHrejecting the Dallas-Clarendoncontain- deedBAunoaa, W., Friday,the Senate Com-Califor- with her hideous freight beneath ily alongbefore the audience the condition of society in New- and that if tlie|t which was the most out of heil. Speaker,whereapon appealbeen taken to the Supreme Court. An item of opinions throughfavorite of the Ohio is the best authority ? Why, hell itself is not Democracy, and Instructed the Delegates to the so bad as to contain the proportion of abandoned Charleston Convention to cast their entire vote for.surprisedany personal danger, perae-help regretting JikitwK,aalMSotDeuiM•>«c winnotbeadopted. IfaSpeaker.Foreign Herahaadiaa. dutiable. Foreign Uerchaadlse, free.farMBHW(ia£«i«aings afterwards.Total BxportaconwifBftjjfrn^ MMJHBArreatfarPaaebcCeancerlMtHmsT. BaAemns, C. W., Fridif, jraii«Ll«v«iiii»-PriwTw«Oani,HrTMM UMcould beate. This last-mentionedthat Fabkbah toSpsciea^Bnllloa toial ImportsvS tJ^^JB ~iaUMthe Press much better than on news from Japan also reaches us by this mail, to his legs, without the risk of personal collision," "toAetdinst bring theAnnual Messages.mxssaob or OOT. babes or massachusitts.the tovrn of Hio Grande, after killing some of its Theburned onlhe 2d Inst. Los? JUS.UOO. Insured $3,000.of Cincinnati It is that the ject reportedthan one-bulf the stock of the capitalComes. A meeting has been held in Cineiimati, to devise means of aiding the twelve fjsmilies ei-amount.l»i%' Me !-'4^^«iM^At»Af *A-^lfI.' neprajpiBuldadebfMr.HonaoiBBa,otCtmtMtd*V4or)r^ Vgb>, ao tbe dmerU doe* not uter ^ ic^-^zuzzTM^ . '*<fj««»«»,»»aw-Y«dt, nnv ~the &ee of* It (obsratified by the London Cabinet, England wDl were actually so did not belieTe Uiat engaged—haveanrrenderedthepositionsheaasumedin (beywereactingwrong,andheshouldbein-pprrh•son1HBATRE—DumiKa Has—Bo* Bor— hope, as wen as the pressing necessity of hav-andmeetingfltato Oapitol' inBtO'9 6ARDXN—Siixos'i UraHAPS—StB Gxom.litelyprosecu- wliich isFiWH thePacMe.LAaoa atniBSB or isniAss captcud;—political signedBmlSTAlillll.fTg—TVO OF TBI BOTB.'I-^anp-SeirUT THEATBK-^Tbi Wiliot Corsx—Da- ^ M^f^ntBUS—A-lAS-m-A-LAMP.jCDOa TxasT—raoK japa*. St.Louis,Friday,Jan.t.ISva IHSTmrrB. BrooUyn-DiAnos's the members of the House would return to pmi>-8iR0> OlITnSir. theii homes at tfa^ proper period without exci-" iritM^WnAH S^IiL, Jenej Clty-LiTils oi ting either attention or remark.^SbqK> DolU' Dcnos at 3 ahd T o°oi.oax.The Palmerston Ministry, under the infiu- they have invented or adopted the abominable The Overland^Hall, with Ban Francisco dates toIn other words, we think that the only good BASLU THI SnO!(9—ThX FOtTT TbUTU, purpose which the House can serve just now,UnnrS iniBCUM^Aftcrnoon—TexronrTaRru,negotiationbroken off, and not again resumed, as neither the story public, even if this chargeFour, hundred andfifty Indians had t>een captured each,they declined to give, aad U»ey ware re-OF BDTGBB3 PBHALK INSTirUTB— ;MiWl UAxiA.is to provide for the payment of the public debts, and the less it does beside this the bet- ter for the nation. We do aot need its speechesrived la San Francisco on ttte I4tfa ult., and were to094XBUI AKFHITHSATBK—K4UXSTUA2C Feuoui-be put oo board tlw brig Jmnetu for traaaportation to Saperlnteodeat of Indian Affairs had made arrange-, nmm MAiJjgg'8TooKo.and wetherefore it will:tiiiiiiinii > .!Ni^t-TOBKCnm (MMmk|y)-«naBM> elected and hold office just long enough ton* nw-TOBK Tom nr«ifeii'>-*w* dvuiw • enable the House to vote the supplies for the to the State of Honduras, but made such con-terprisewrong^or right"Uie State deM Iba bynow ef five risingWa wfiea. i* M* aMna, Idc TwnTi Douiuwe do not beliere the peopleditions and restrictions as might be agreed BAH intheexacUy position.-of Jouh Brows. Chile, be recommends additional legitUUon, thlaklagthecoming year, 4lali%M*Mt,toaa*aMna,lMl«BRTl>«uu8.Maf wouldtroublethemselves>«•* (;preeent provlaloDa of the CoBStitatlaa and Statate book are found to be laraflSeient He refers to theCk* i^ftMily ar HHra, inZIk* «»negotiated,Powers. This provision was objec- the hiws, just as Bbown, in the teeth of Harper's Ferry aflUr as a reason for prompt leglsla. Kerdiaodlse withdrawn bom vranhonse fcrto be electedseparatemuch about its do-The it appropriaUona made,in ato bebetweenFabbbam went to Africa In the teeth ofoifanizatioo,per-special political privilegesrights,humiliated,Speaicer.ing a Speaker at all, were ence past, the num- ber of those wiie would find any time for theirpemsalwooldbeexceedinglysmall,andbook, the remainder ofonly thingmightof and both out of Freedom,now to derote^rtalnMaryland, for wtaon Mvais was agent. Be asks as terfeit bUls on tke Baakof FkUadelpU* ta 8t Lo^not honor between the to the American view of the subject, England tipstaff and his prisoner? The General, with ,FAIaAflKSAKOXN—TuAM1TIM1*Oo.'SMuiAUUl. movedoubts, or conveyinformation, and was her IslandsCol- greatforbearance,iswilling"stilltohopethatOPKBLA BAIX-KooLoo KATni KniB-to throw lightday has gone by when debates did much to re-ofthe Clayton-Bulwer treaty, which, according violating by retaining Bayproverb assures us, whyments for theirGes. Tonu arrived at San Francisco on the 12thICiUMnr—emai Caiim^ Kmnn*. to the owingthe new with Honduras, she the prosecution of their duties" (such as imderstood to be to to the condl- receipts at this port. aor,O0ft bates ; laereasiid raeefMs' llha, lecamed the floor to complete his remarks, of the kind ofhad trouble himself in connection with a pone the eallmg of the State Convention until afterBAUDiaBa, FrUar, Jan. & FLOtTB buoyant Howard-street and Ohiohdd firmat$5Sf!H. Whsatsteady;batnotUngMUg.wUch the of Anti-LecomptOD squabbletion, lA declared, had ceased to be rational;legislation is alone likely to afford us.Congress It would be hardoriginalThursday -had btown to the winds. The hope of organiza-the Legislature had elected a United States Senator in place of V.r. BaoBsaicx.between hiifa and (he mem- PeimsylvaniaNicaraguaAI.BA]fT.ct^oqny.bareaaued, the latter charging Mr. Adsain with'What thepablicwants most of all in a tariff,be writing letters in New-York, the yacht argued on the 12tb, and the application refused. The case was forthwith appealed to the Supremeon The any public question.of its members, the de-_J-OVDKBieK—koMRBifcIlisvWiPuira- batesofthepresentCongressarelesslikelyto makesanentiretransferoftheseIslands.temperserve these, or any other useful purposes thanony. ByIn this connection we may allude ta an in-report Washington at all SoalbKn ports, SS7,SM bales. Moefc at lbs catchingandconvictingpirates)"isnotagree- llonofthe fortificationsandmilitaryrequirements port,905.500bales. Corrax—FairtoBrtaae,lOitcm' TuBoMi 0* WASHnoToa Anm> ibi Was." WHAVB' SAUJUT—Ho. «• BnMdway-PAUOB'lN£WB OF THE DAY.Tb» Braate was not in session yesterday. In we shall not be treated to a particle of it. an essential part of the treaty-making power. lU Btwae, Mr. Pobchib Uilis, of South Caro- We have already tmd a vast deal too much Although it is styled the " Dalhis-Clarendon''able to the Federal and he therefore officers,"'ul2c. Imports of the week, 10.500 bagsbsgs. FkaiaBT on Cotton to Uvemool, t-IH. 9tdraff of the treaty was pre- pared by the late Secretary Marcy, and for- and to mention a single public interest which the warded to Mr. Dallas with instructions to-,otbeipoliticalorganzation. Mr.Aokain,ofNew-7eraer, defended himself against the allusions of most mischievous uncertatoty, insecurity, and demanded.Hr. HiOKUAK, by stating the position of him- derangetaent of business, and are a most It only remains for the Mosquito treaty with/ self and his Anti-Le/comptonite friends. A sharp unfair interference with vested interests.fewfillibusteringcharitieswhichhehascon- "he coold see but one way of solving the perplexity, Congress would not do well to let severely procure for it the approval of the London Cabi- and that is to refer the whole question directly toof the United States anthorities." It is per- pleted at Hare Island. She made a successful exper- EXT steady. Exchange on Ife^Terk naeliMisad.fectly plain to him that if governments will imental trip on the 15th ult CnicnniAn, Filte7,'Jaa. S.the people—to leave the choicegeneral election. He declared his wiliingness to to be made (he subject of its action, are the return here that the Senate was called to passaiiataiit an Anli-Lccompton Democrat ; but he Tariff and Slavery. As to the Tariff; there upon its provisions. The Executive branch oflefosing to aid in the election of a Bepublican and to this desirable consummation Congress for abrogating the Clayton-Bolwer treaty by Speaker. Kr. Clark, of New-York, declaredthat it moald be impossible to define the relations is the greatest obstacle. As to Slavery, it is the United States. And when the North-ten, Capt. Fabneau would now be enjoying, Col. FainorfT had obtained possession of all theBill U the 8«iat«.of the Anti-Lecumpton men with the Admmistra- hardly necessary to remind our readers that westernBotmdary questionat the hands of a grateful people, the rewards mines adjudged io him by the decision of Courts with- -shall have been due to one of those Nicaraguan heroes whose out any violent collisioa with the adverse claimants.tion diapcntionnntil the latter had announced whatit was to make of theprepared approach-—of ^whlch it will doubtiess be at"" itas Gen. Hesmikoskm aparty,almost all our present troubles are due to legis-privilegewas,lit-Ifovick state that Ur. Hosson, British Consnl, had ar-which thistreaty, theof a to a alone. The only questions which are likely net. This be did, and it was not until after its SpeakerWhut stoop to interfering with the Slave-trade and Anived at San Francisco, Dec. IS, ship JlfomiK^ firm. HooB In fair demaad; sales !,<« head, at9*Mcould not be brought to support an American.Kr. KAnAU, of Tennessee, however, was morejtfqiUfchi than Hr. Giluib, of North Carolina,aa ha ciaiaBed to be independent of that or of any and change and remodel it, are productive of ed—and now England yields ail that the Senatefillibustering, they must expect to havespies, and, consequentiy, liars in their service.If, on the other hand, we presume, the Pres-ident would rise superior to conventionalities, ship Warkauk, for do.are few intelligent men who are not satisfied that the continued attempts made to tinkerour Government actually proposed to England the terms which the Senate afterwards reject-Sailed from San Francisco Dec. 12, ship WildlRover, tot Caliao ; British ship Bramleymcre, for do.; 13th,lation on this unhappy subject.AtthecloseofMr.CtAiK'!)rcuiarks,Mr.Hick- hadneverpassedanactinrelationtoit,wesingleirritatingquestionbetweenthetwona- cationofSouthernrightsandprinciples."City.If CongressKAH nujved the plurality rule, aa an amendment totilt motion for a ballot. Pending tha motion, Mr. should no doubt be at this moment dwelling in Buoca, of New-York, rose to define his position, the most perfect harmony and unity. The as the only representative of the American party at troubles, and alarms, and apprehensions from tiie North. He admitted that he owed his electioning applicationof Kansas for admission as a State.and In that connectionthe Bepublican supportexpressedership any BepubUcan not committed to the nation will convince any dispassionate maneither in the States or Territories, which will not increase the existing frritation, KAKS, Ur. Bbi(M3s gave way and a ballot was and lay the foundation of new griefs hereafter.of from Boston. But the Morning: Ligkt,;his willingness to sustain for thethe arrivalGen. Hknnikoskn's letter, which wo pub- suppose the slanderous statements need refuting the disposition of the whole jobbing trade was not X. Davos, resigned.;Thursday, Captto purchase a dollar'sthat may be told to the discredit of our country— Turpentine had reached 24,000 ^lons, and holdersand even announced his confi-it at the earliestwhether by prejudiced writers there or by strolling had advanced their rates. Americans in Europe. "An American gentle- 10*.atbill was to notified, by sections,toAiter a humorous dialogue with Mr. Jobk Coch-preparedgiveopportanity.empower Jodges of the Court of Ai^>eals to appoint a Sopreme ComtSpeak-lation.Slavery,The shortest and most cursory exami-comment. We revert to itnow, not because weEelper Circulardence in the conservatism of Mr. Sbesmax. But that no act can be passed in the present House it was for a distinctly conservative and national ol Bepresentatives in any way affecting man he preferred to give his support, and he wasworth of unless merchandise_which we are suffering, are due mainly to legis-Time*, " Wliat they say of us in Ireland," withoutA Corions Certificate.lished on to Farnham late of but to utter a word of caution to the EnglishMore animation in the market was occasioned byatanchorinNew-YorkBay,under The President can get along another year the flag of a club of elegant nautical ama-Baltinobx, Friday,question needs only the action of the Senate.are now in without summary power to declare war teursagainst Spanish-American Republics.jniltee of Investigation. The labors of tha Com- nia can certainly wait a little for the Pacific cliffs of Southern Cuba;now playingat fastYork, degraded place fcr him orIt was to save the poor Irish from contamiailion in anyof the Senate is more than ever Railroad. The Sam Juan difficulty is settled. and loose in either character altematelyupon the Printingthat huge Bedlam that the SocietyqnestionobscQie. The present indications are that no Our relations with all European Powers are coast of Africa, by turns the delight of slaver-—to their cause and remedythe views of Hetrt Wnriaa Davis were discussed. He was defended by Ids friends, who declared him totill 7 P. H. Adjotimed Monday,Printer will be chosen.The State Senate continued its labors yester-day. The papers relating to the Pro Rata FreightThe Senate is organized and ready to assist the President in discharging the Ex-hunting British tars and of slave-dealing negropauperism and vice'ASSEMBLY. -..AuAVT,amicable.but as understood inFriday,Jaa.«.hill were referred to a Select Committee, and bills ecutive duties of the Government ; and all the clutches of the revenue officers of Savannah ^were introduced for the incorporation of a Coast important interests of the people are cared for again, stealing Portuguese women from anWrecking Company, and a Company for the Navi-gatton of Long Island Sound. In the Assembly, by the State Legislatures. What good reason Atlantic island, or showing her heels to herpetitions for tolls upon the railroads were pre- is there for the House remaining in session one own commander, and making miraculous speed sented, and a variety of bills were introduced. minute longer than the appropriations require, into the arms of the American Govern-and for pro reia freights.A bill to proh-'bit slave-hunting was introduced. The snnual reports of Oie HetrspoUtan PoHee.'were those " to prohibit slave-hunting," and " to prevent fraudu- lentassignments." Noticesweregivenofbillstoamend the Usury and Exemption laws, tolottery adrertisementa, to amend the New-YorkCharter, to repaal' the Registry law so far as itappUea to the City, and to levy tolls upon t^e rail-j«ada. Both Senate and Hoose adjourned over to as in the Globe. Hr. Clabe need not wait in kind, we do not know where to look for a more Monday evening.;dayonsuspicionofcommittingtherobbery. Anac-Of the latter the moreimportant—not be chosen temporarily for that purpose f The mutual recrinoination and exposures inwould, indeed, be hardin the sameBut there is no "ssncBSornus.Hr. Caujco«, of Kings, (Dem.,) to amead the Usv-prohibitan- nounce the capture, at Pitt River, fcy Gen. itiBBt, of 4£0 Indians. They had been brought to SanFrancisco, and were to be dispatched immediately totiie MenderinoReservation. Amandamu*,to transfer the trial of Judge Tibb; to the Fourth District Court, had b«en argued, and theapplica- tion had been denied, an hadof a Cooper, a Chamier, or "day. Is $113,890;decrease, as compared with the pre-<Advices from California, to the 16thWashington to let the world know his opinion of Hxlpib's book ; Mr. Davis, of Indiana, canwhimsically independent and fantastical letterthan Gen. Eenhinosen's missive to his friend in false.^ult.,"are 80,000 prostitutes in New-York !" The Quar-theRepublican Party;Irom Kentucky in consequence of Anti- about their habi'sThe Police Commissioners yesterday removed tricts, or even horrible accotmts ofthe barbarousthe subsequent assertion, that'under all are Inflexibly op- circumstances,Capt.HARTT from Uie Seventeenth Precinct te the City HsU, and f.apt. Lfonaed from the l.itterjudgelikely Judgeforeign slave-trade, the consolidation of Jes.jotic pow-er in the Federal Government or restrictions npan thefreedom of or the Press, or of opinion. S*ie speech,asks of the tGoveroment the neglect of no it.tere»t,;insured$10,000.tlon of taxes, whleh renders or say goodslialtsli onito the one vacated Hartt. in- would form a pleasing daily entertainment, and by Capt. At\Boston,revered him justsay IslandersNetevvontay Deaths.OEATH or A BOUAN CATBOLIC BISHOP.PUII.ADEIPBIA* Friday, Jan. 6.of the Catholicthe Union, not because they a-e respei;ted elsew.iere, the street yesterday afteraoon dead, of disease of the THE riBSTplacequiry was instituttd as to the recent arrest of a lugitive slave, in the Fourth Ward. A preeent of a library for the House ol Detention was received from Mr. B. B. Wikthrop. Five members of the old Police force were reinstated.-IntlV »oit brought by Gw). C. Jobdam agiinstbe enlivenedmuch moreperformances. gods,be available to Oara aale.'and is it not a that a can- ment at Boston pity Speaker:way.proof "been The value of the imports for the week ending to-in the columns of local newspapers just as well And rich aa is the epistolary literature of man-few thousand, as the Beport of the Alms House The value of the exports for the week is $99,39i shows. decrease, as compared with the previous week, $liO,-might appropriatelyby egg-nogg, than the presentas the becauseFejee thoughrwerehe saw that the ''as ready to concede the rights of others as to m-iin-preventi..Stocktt®T4J per cent, in the after-Jiokeia are easier In Money,coothiae active at 7 per cent, years to organize insurrections among thesage in the Senate to-day, haviag passed thel\ge is fairly down to 109 per drawers, and lOSJ-ailusj fortr-— bDIs. ., r ^ . ^was moderately inquired for atsteadvPro rata petitions were as ttilck as nIBre seiiksi The Senate reversed its action of yastartay, tookfair demand prevailedthem the benefitpost experienceof interested men. The Pacific coast Is an indlvlsa- Brownsville dates of the 3dSome of the motions are-J»^twffacSSla^yThe1i|flost took theAbxll has one to increaae On on salt dutymanufactured In the State. Mr. Goas has sneiiSi I^Sm«co<n"t*i'n"u"ed""t"o checkbusiness.?<?'?:?H!".and W^«ICorn were to re-"thetrivialpointsof theiqiterestofthevidtes,able Whoever shall divide the Empire."Barley and Oats""MississippiLeather. Besin, SpUto Thrpen- the mostOticr branches of trato exhibJ' Ited oo important changes.S7^«>%Sde8,inflammatory ^pealaWho hereafler will stigmatize ^e Abolition- ists as mere speculative enthusiasts tmatters mt|ht put aatisfac-morningrills attacked Costihas,an(^ guniMr. Saasioea^ttS^ring.of was bestmodeoforganiiiiic;for Jan. 31, 1859, states the number to^e one thousand eieht hundred and thirty-nine, as actu- ally returned by the captains ot Precincts. WhichThe Ohio Democratic State Columbus, yesterday.Verses, composed byby assuringout-speakingitations,perpetuityof freeinsUtutlqfis.sketches of manners andgelalveedry views. character in the various Congressional dis- Hbnhikosen knows " nobody whom he should;condition of the negroes in their own country,strengthensof a mean action.'' on the bench onoe in of whom Mr. Cboate used to that heABiCEUT'sstovestore. Loss$25,000 »—A Faiih»cl Ally. ^The undergroimd Abo-lition organ is doing its work thoroughly. Hav-she knows their cost and.Hid Ii^BBA KiKNK, tn recover plaintitTs salary as"au'tiSw. the jary rendered a verdict for tha plain- ultra Abolitionists elicited by the John Browo Having thus defined Capt Fabithax as aman,sschuietts. Here arose me earliest dissensionwith the mother country. Here the people first pre-JI/t^tprtW>, the amoant of salary chilmed m the "mft.a Jwither rise of one per cent on most;Judgenative above Ma-ing exhausted the incendiary literature of theaffair, it has now sent special reporters amine the c<»idition of the fugitive slaves infirst to The first British ensUn wasNewport,also compiling a history of allusiiililj Soperrl^Southern ^ves. Going thus into the South, the Heral^ informs the negroes of the region that is reaiy to receire them, and then givesare, at least, less badly off," he yet has aiworifc mentloBlnS. Hr>its editorial articlesalave-owners, its news columns are filled with1- ..^www.fultonhistory.com- J.-_;q«letof a bill to fix the fees ofuponmoralthe unsuspectingmust pMsess the legality or illegality /(constitnttoniBy) of floodsdlaslpalsrollingcityretook the after a cityThetreatylatelynagotiatedbetweenOrMtiqim(hemat tatleat* hii ^''if*'i^«*'?sj'^refow^JtaoftfcenvegiMledtheatUsk. all, upon of lhe Oania»eiJ^ vrlllb» ef aaOeioat taMrtaa'«thsilvvr.Bmth. Ftftay, Ak.CPeaMjlnoia, for > tamporaiy organization of Britain and Honduras has been extensively no- 00fi6dent belief that FAanuK and *< the io hoM toaMfa* ttw astan Ha* of States, ••wUeb-Pert arpoipoaeillegal,rotingor at aU events, un-Monthly etaUiUMrt of ftevatoeef exports of goods, wares and BHtekuriiiiKunperts—treaty provided Great Britain should surrender the Bay Islandsupon those twotreatySpoeisaadBoliioawould no doubt instantly reer to the old occu-fcHillHilt«tyMilliliniir. Ptlw,iBwnfKn>i pationofdiscussingSlavery,thepoUticalante- strickenout. Whocouldventuretosaywhat negroes. TheoneisamartyrofSlavery,the andadvisesthethorovfhorgaaissUonefthaStatsThdaOHfuaaimBirUto vabOikwIn Omtionable to the Senate, and it was accordingly the laws went to Tirginia, for the benefit of the tlon to encourage voluiteer military orgaalzatloa*,i liniln.andHaLPiK'a.mllltla. AlsofortberIcflaUtlonlarecaidtothefree ^egro popolatiaai. He refers to the iDprtsoBmsat of XMABcn. HisBS, a clUsen of Maryland, In Penosyl- vaata, on the charge of kldnapning, for bflnglnc backWBtM>yMiiiSHlHlMk lBT«rIabl7 ta adTUM.membera,theseWho knew thatbe? other a*ioftheand which the forwards vituperation telegraphtis every day from Washington, is the feeling that they may perhaps contain indications ofconditiom and restrictionscedentsand would theeeeaionalmostlumotlced. The which causespolicy? HowABs, who sought to do good by stealth," appropriation to defray the expense of a trial on a last month. His exaariaaliaB Is now gotag on kani, OK MU8IC—PHILHilMOmO SooOtT's attention to the dreary columns of rerbisge Indeed, a draft of the treaty to be negotiated and may well therefore "blush to find it fame." writ of error from ttie Supreme Court of Pennaylva- aad an application wiUbemade to tha riiiiiaiiinloroftheBut if thea base —had been drawn alreadyBia,toteHllMvaIdityofUiePennsylvaniaact,which f'rthrim presumes to pnalsh aa orime the lawful recapture bfinwhich provided for. the prohibition of Slaveryviews ofOen. HEmiNOSKN is gravely distressed that his correspondent shotild be made " the object of He is " as aUsainHiaupin the Bay Islands, and securing to the col-Entertaining these peculiarFabxhak,kingsthen slipping craftily out from tho^eryprogressing;for railroads presented tollingto suggest a fairer theme forThe sincerity of a soldier breathes in Mr. Reaoak can denounce every line, but Escobar himself would be puz-and, in fact, zled to make out its doctrine of ethics.his indorsement of the Dred Scot decisionprison.denyin his own StateJan. C. Convention met at Hon. Wm. B. Woods presided.in Texasevery member in the House can ventilate hislice,the effect that the British Consul hiad arrived at with which their present mode of debating is personality, fusing all that it fails to reconcile,women assigned by this libeler of his country to hhn.its commercial Metropolis. It must be a morbid The Convention elected the fol'owing gentlemen aslove of scandal that prompts the publication of delegates to the Charleston Convention; Gxoeos £ anyHakndarii, and that, in conjtinction with-the Rus- sian anthorities, he had demanded the removal of the restrictions on commerce now in force. It was said that theattended. could enable the brain of a single man to bear. If this view of the case does not find favor In this point of view it is truly a curious study.PnoB, D. P. Rhodes, G«oaos W. McCooiand H.J.had compliance with the demand.be the motive foran From Brownsville, on the Bio Grande, advicesgratifyingOb the 34th olt., it appears, be anceeededhi talting bate* on Slavery and personal expUnations. " State's evidence," for and in conaideration ofwhateverJapanesepromisedearlywith the and it refuses to House, obstinatelysuchuttering them.mayCapt. Faknbam, let it be premised, lies in prison on a charge of complicity in the Slave- news that COB- then respectfully suggest the substitution of trade. He has been informed that he has been TiKAS baa at last been sent abont his business. gome other mode of passiog the time, for de- accused by some enemy of an intention to turnstatistics,paypublicgo•thecreditors andhome, we wouldJlWXTI.^FiTCB.FLOrBING MIIL IN IttlKOIS.in all itsirom BrowuBville, who captured hia guns and sixty cussed in the newspapers far better than mem- is infinitely more tormented in spirit than by CommonwealUi, which are represented to be io aRailroad law.It prorides that wben defaolt is made in paymentweie destroyed. The building was valued at Jl.i.OOfl, funds on hand to pay all the coup<His dne.;Legislature to-day, mainlyWISCO.V^IM. Chicago. Friday, Jan. 6.and waa au'nsequently attacked by a partySlarery question,bearings,is dis-the sum of $7,000. By this allegation herelates to aflairs of tlicpeopleof his men, and sent him in desperate flieht into Mexico. The Americans lost nine men killed and sixteenwounded.It defies and eludesordinary rules, andwere a majority, de- adopted by largetreatyallabounds in such contradictions of sentimentand logic as nothing but a strong and fervidResolutionsclaring Sixpaix A. DoBoiis thebers of can do It, and The Governor devotes some Congreae personal explana- the legal unputation of piracy, and he ac- prosperous cocdillon. Amortgage bond, the holder shall have the right of one vote in person or by proxy in annual elections, for every $10ations, when costing some thousands of dollarsimburdens himself to Gen. HanMHo- Epace to the present eicillng Nalior.al quesUon, la:whichhesays TherepealoftheMissouriCompfo-tire last Sunday morningaweek,aretooa expensive luxury,that It Initiated a policy of violence Ineonsi-'itent withhoweverSEN, and apparently prays that genUeman, mlee was the most stupendous public wrong ever cers and Countycordinglyofprincipalandinterestimpatd.No railroad company shall pay a part of tiie ooa-Downing-street,I ailiii Ihii rihiiiiliiii_oniststantamount to aGovernment. Hence it was that the Senate so tion"amended the treaty as to require an ^mcondi- eridentiy bent on throwing poor Fabk- tional restoration of these islands to the State ham aa a sort of "sop to the Northern towhichtheyproperiybelonged. pablicopinion." Forthis nefiirious purposeence of its leader, promptly re- story of Fabnham's offer to play Judas to the distinguished "jected the treaty as amended, and returned it restof "the gentiemen enga|[ed in the littleheretmapproved.the two Governments on the subject was here else, asks the General, should they have made"the leth ult, lesched MTerson City, Mo., about 1 o'clock to-day.'whichLegislation we certainly do not need, and hope dom of our system in constituting the Senate captive. In point of fact, however, the General with some warmth the matter of the appointment ofnot bewhich we can at this moment call to mind. erally known, and which demonstrates the wis- cooking upthose of any deliberativejiody, presentorpast,teresting political fact,maygen-had failed for $1S,000.The Semoeratic Press of the Stats wereto beGreat Britain will have washed her hands ofAFFAIRS ATcompletedhavfag been elected by Bepublican votes, and yet is tolerable immunity against sudden change, Central America, and aveided any necessity Wanderer would not be lying in limbo at Bos- Courtdisposed"there will no longer remain a Ue indiscreetiy avows, to stand fire in vindi- rived at Hakadodi, and, in conjunction with the Rus-an early day—theBILIS NOTICED KSH INTEODUCEO..and and ratified,smoothly. Gen. Henkikoseh would not now iiicxtothe Fourth Distiict Court. The case wasthe genius Sue, than thisand to pre- vent tlie printing and pubUahing irlthin tin State oflotteries drawn In other States.Mr. jEKimtaB, of Suffolk, (Rep.,) to repeal the StatsAssessor law.Mr. AECtji.A»nr8, of «ew-York, (Dem.,) to ameadthe New-York Charter ; to repeal the Kegistry law,far as New-York la concerned, and to re<s- so Citytablish railroad tolls.BILLS nrraoDiroxD.By Mr. Calucott, to prevent fraudulent assign- ments.Adjourned till Monday at 7 P. M. BILIS la TEE ASSEMBLY.Mr, Calucot introduced a bill to prevent fraudu-lent transfers of property, which provides as follows SxciioB 1. All deeds of gift, all conveyances, aad aU sales, transfers and assignments, veitul or written, absolute or by way of mortgage or sacoiity, or npoacraiditlon whatever, of any or estate, proper^real or persona], goods, chatties, tilings In aetlonorany interest thereafter made by any person when In-solvent, In trust for his creditors, with Intent or wllka view to a preference for any antecedent debt giveor liability to any creditor, dull be void as agahsst the creditors existing or subsequeat of such person.awhich members are now indulging, can appear truthfiil story of a Skimmer of the Seas." the term. The number of that class embraces a vious week, $S,240..laws to amend tlie ;ExemptionlawsForty free negroes, wbo have been expelledfrom ijkansas under the^terms of the recent legis- interesting they might be if we got them for whose character as a gallant officer is widely xommilted in U.is country, or that men will ever live and all the books and porters in the Probate OfBce pons falling due on the same day vriihovt havtaig— of its effect on Kacsa.", but lative enactment, wliich" prescribed that in the nothing. Why not have readings from tlie and well to him a certificate to commit not becausewhich there wa* no insurance. Tbo loss to the County is not less than *50,000.HOTEL in NKW-HAMPSntRE. Newpoet, N. II., Friday, Jan. 6.they should be soldrecognized, givethat the allegation is monstrous. This theRequires railroad companies to furnish any stoA*belder or assessor, on three with a Ust days' notice,of all stockholders, their addresses, Ac, prorided afee of of a cent be for each name so furnished. )£ paidRequires consent of stockhoklers holding more$5,000.Mr. .^. A. Mtsss introduced a bill tochusetts,posed to, and will resist by every constitutionalright, the extension of Slavery, the reopening of the the Prentiss House, Pesstiss & IIopkixs' store, and Mr. Fiscii introduced a bill to facilitate tlu eoUae-event of theirinto 8 averJ, arrived at Cincinnati on Tnesday.in poets occasionally,a destitute condition. They were met by a Com-- and scientific subjects, or in fact on any sub. General hastens to do. He is xoittee appointed for the purpose by the coloreddistressinglyfrank in his style of indorsen- cnt, for he begins the people, theQ|3serTance of the constitutional lim-less There was ato beguiltyas^ to Fabnuam's intellectonly of other nations, will verifyThe people of ^lajsa-nOTEl, STOKES. .IC., IN OHIO. Ci.Ncissiti, Friday, Jan. 6.amend the by requiring th"at the anpUeatian far llcenes shall be signed by a householaer,'' Inititadtheir idolJudge was ugly, he felt that he was gwat." The General sees that Fabhham is a fool, but he feels that he is honest.Dishop NErsiANN,fell inCisciKKiri, Friday, Jan. 6.AlbuT Cerrespaadenee.———aonCES THSBAILBOAJ)tolls PATBOIIAaiui THE Girr or the ExEonTivE—APPonHMaai or JDSIICE OP THE SCPBEKX OOUBI.Jan. 18M, AUAST, Friday, C,was on its final The firat bill of the Session paa-to ex- Gen. HKimutssxN goes on to discuss himhere fell theFabsbav, for though he is confident that it is "meritorious to bring negroes from Africa, where they are badly off, to America, irhereyesterday. Ittheydim sort of notion that theDIFEAIare aat the only persoBs concerned, but Uiat then are fresh rebellion. While other questions to be con8idered,a8,for iiatance,or COBTIXAS. Naw-OaiiAss, Friday, Jaa. 6.fromselect Conatttee, aadinto thesefAUHAM'a coodoet in a less cleariyUntitled DocumentinqidiysU^thas one to the anttao^e"State or national,but claims for all, ani is protectionin the character of a slave-trader. capacitytheGeneralcaimotwhollyapproveof unfurledtheAmericanflag.In thishere was first We require no instruc- tion npon the subjtct of otir duties, and will submit to no infringements of our rigtits. The Union must be preserved, and so must the State of Massachusetts.Nor do I apprehend that the restoration of the Government to Its ancient poli- cv win weaken the bonds or ten4 to the dissolution of tbeUnlMi. In my judgment, dissolution is oq(B ofevUs not within the scope, if it be within thetha pur-poses, of human power. There are stronger and stern-er Ues than those which sprinit from the wish or willletta, this morning.A TETEBAN UEBCRANT OP BOSTON.BosTCB. Friday, Jan. 6. Mr. Joseph Bbadlit, an old and distingubhedmerchant of this city, died to-day.I.ater from Brownsville.persecution."at the course of theThe UnionraJaitliat is, the Government,toHtWg—VAVAL ISTELLieurCX—TBI TaiAL oV noanhas consented to speak, and Ex-Goveniartex-D. P. BiLXKAP had beenThe between piratical operations of the Wanderer. Why of fh« estate of the late Senator Baoixaicx."signs of the times looked only to an abrogation for if there be honor among thietes," as the the Uenderiuo reservation, wbete the United Statesparty was willing to take the initiative. The were true ?The query is well put ;" 9*gives them a chance, to account, if they can, for^^ PmLAsaLFHiA. Friday, Jaa. C;thisdefamatoryattackupontheirdiscussingtions. Great credit is due to the present rep-resentative of her Britannic Majeaty near thisGovernment for so fortunate a turn in events. from the Belfast correspondent of the London the troubles slioulo be remedied after a short time.—~for/would forfeit theNow we confess to a considerable amount of pie of the State. An excited debate ensued,"terly Beport"of the of Po. Deputy-Superintendenttstate Convention? DXCIDID DECLABATION FOR HR; POOGLAS.libertyor just government,, freedom of opinion, theAn American Gentlemansays :ThereOhio DemocraticCisciNKATi, Friddy,interesU of labor.jthe rightsof States, the equality ofTiie hotel in this place was destrojcd by fire last(tedwiththesefugitives,flyingfromtheir night,anecdotesofcelebratedmen,imitations todoandsaymanyfoolishthings,"butthis Aviolentpolicymustbesustainedbyviolentmem-nightThelossis85,000,andtheinsurancehalfthat Limitsthepay-ofanyReceiverofarailroadtopopulationvpwardjioend boats on the Mississippi Biver are perfect?Farnham that " he has known himmembers over of the cries of wild animals, and curious factsor '^eures. History proves It, and our experience, as thatwas established." quite enough to awaken usBosTox, Friday, Jan. 6, The Message of Gov. Banes delivered to tlieSxc. t. This act shall take eHect launedlatety.lalnberown. She will supi«rl the Coostilution nudChurch,—THX rBUaHTBILL BILL Or TBI SUSIOBbut becauseates thetr value.appreci-heartTHE OmSST WHITE SATITE OP OmO-martyrs liberty.here struck to American summonsThe Governor further says;CoanaAB, with MMto the slavee. the proceeding, its ptriicy or opportanity." An mountafn ilvnlsts that have, nourlshea.ttM Father ef quently a l)ody of troops and Rangers fro.-n Browne-11.Excise lawThe U.volutionbeganin Mas-pared for revolt. He^e patriots were first proscribed independence was first contemplate<l ;Josephof Ohio, died at hla residence in;be true to the South.The debate wastoand desiccate Its bed, and turn back odouof Rio Grande on tlie 24th ult., killing a number of citizens. Subse-thepowertberoselTea the royrtads of bubbling springs andmen,ItsTlversfromthetimewhenthe evening sadThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Ttks Atlantic Coast ceptlble of teparaUon upon physical constderaUoas.ef CoaiuiAS Heilcatu. {iiasAmeticaaswvn killed, and sistaaStan flnt aaag tofsther. IIs sas-and sixtyappointmentDihiiims;aiMl miut chaitoBMO asrIo friends of ConstttaSanal LUMtty.oor. ormabtuuid. mcKB,ataUag fond,Now we submit that this Is putting Fabv- °mUUons> Referring to tits fi suds la the electivo fraa- ExpOTia—IHxBestie VarehandlsePainting with a Heavy Brush.A day or two since we quoted a paragraph diplomatic notes, had restdted in the proodse ttiat allhere,the Wanderer, and now lying in jail at Savan- Press about catching up all the incredible stories absolutely necessary to fill orders. The receipts of,nah on a charge of slave-trading, is perfecflyof a piece, in the way of originality, with thewhole curious and unprecedented history of man" is reported as giving before an AssociationThe market was firm,ordered. Mr. Sherman received 109 ; "Mr. Mc- There is no other political subject with which that now famous vessel. Nothing in fiction for Irish Emigrants some ugly statistics of the con- A NTI-BKPUBLICAN BaSOLVTIOXS tS THr HOUSK Or Eeporter.Clernand, 37 ; Mr. Ikicock, 32 Mr. Qnarles, 13 ;the House has power to deal, on which we can surpass the dramatic contrasts of the dition of the Irish in New-York— — DELKGATES KXIFNSIVK ROiBEBY COMHEB-Mr. Davis, of Indiana, 9; Mr.:Hr. Gilmer, 4 ; 118. TheHousethenadjourned.'to the Pro RataHouston, 3CIAL STATEHENT.relating;scattering, 16. Necessary to a choice stand in need of its action. The Mexican Wanderer's experience. To-day a lovely" all There were 44,000 paupers to New-Tork, Irtsh,more than half of all the paupers in that Citr. Tnerewere 80,0*0 prostitutes in Naw-York of these. 1 1.000 ;Freight bQl, made byltr. Hak- 20 to 6.ofbill to incorporate in the City of New-York a CoastHr. Spisoia, of Kings, (Dem.,) introduced a bill to make prorisions for an act for the incorporation ofcompaniesto navigate the lakes and rivers, ap-reception.week, fl9,SWbaIei^watart«.MBin SiemMnit, by the steamship Golden Age. Hismlsrionwas TotalexportsthisseasMi,TffiJWlialea. TnnriMstof the Pacific coast.F. L. Hoas, a tobacco merchant of SanttoA, 9AM 7iS7ii ueadiun for dear taUIs. iJan. 6. In the House of Delegates to-day Mr. Fbeaneb Introduced resolutions that Jqss Shxrscah, or anyappointedK for Md. pretty clearly up llie Administration Democrats having control of the and tl 40€>$I SO for white. Cois-Salet iMO buk-has made his mind about delegates to the Charleston Convention.the motives of these false loons. He has organization of the party, appeared disposed to post- els at TTcdTOe. WmsxT daD, jM Me.«lTo.ducted, from the base and unworthy agentsCoas "ThfnewV.8.steamerSaginttwhadjustbeencom- vuxoHssteady,andSimatfonasrdnot^ianeL Waas-An application had been made by Judge Tssbt for and let people of a liberal turn of mind do just a mmutavnu to compel the County Clerk to transferLigkt, from Boston ; bark Mayerine, from Newcastle ; U. S. H. steamer Orizaba, from Panama.<»$e60¥cwt Receipts to-day, 3,a0(. PaoviiBaa hifairdemand. HessPeax,$18SO.CisoimATi, Friday, Jan. 8. Sight Exchange on New-Toifc, f-^ cent jExehnMgea.Nnr-OuaAns, Fridav, Jan. 6.Sight exchange on New-Tork, i®} ^p' cent, dis- what they like, things would move on most the inolctment against him for killing Senator BaoD- eoimt\M a —ilnoi of theIFrancisco,usa ExcHAiias—6e654vrith bills of lading attached./and confidence of therespect in whipiecoh- plicable to Long Island Sound.Petitions wereand 4,504 were " relieved with money," (3,000. Jausb E. Thouas, salesman, was arrested to- York Harlwr Commissioners were presented.herefalse. There are not, and never have been " 44,000 The safe in UAHuron Cabtib's extensive dry-Irish paupers in New-York." There were 24,293 goods establishment on Baltimore-street, was robbed'Irish "relieved with coal," during a year; count- during last night, of $1,400 in notes aad cash, anding all who applied, perhaps for the twentieth drafts to the value of $3,000, and railroad bonds for Commissioners, the State Assessors, and the New-Europe, the statisticsgivenarescandalouslywhen thecals lefttimereckonedthat one of this whole number were paupers in the sense of utter dependence on public charity, as an Irish or English audience would understandBut the statistics of prostitution are still more 132.complice, named Wiixiah Josxs, arrested.has notyetfire in Ravenna, Oluo, this morning, destroyedof a " freeholder."Babeib,the oldest whiteBATTLI AKDThe steamship Indianola has arrived here withthe table the motion for aadopted it by the decisive vote of SS (o S.hard the fight, capturtngof aCourt Reporter, which gives promise of a f&toSlae fax;tag«Uwaoa•t"h —The Pio RataAdvices from Japan by the Russian war-vessel Repeal of Uie Vtegiatrj Iaw forsianauthor!Ues,hadmadeapressingdemandosthe Japanese Government to remove the restriction placed upon commerce, which, after the exchange ofAuaxt, Friday, Jan. •. Gov. IfoBOAir has appointed BE&VAIujr W. Boa'- business had re^psed into its old dull state, and srsT as Supreme Court Judge, in the place ofHaaar^Aflairs In Ularjlnnd.- .A motion to refer to a Select Committee all papersSt. Locis, Friday, Jan-8.Tlic larsro flouring mill at Jerseyville, II!., was Mr. BcsB introduced a bill «i««»»ii«ng tiie GeneralCOIKI-HOCSE l.Vat destroyed the buildingoccupied bySheboygan, Wis., the County offi- Courts. Therecordspriorto1857,'in civil and criminaleasesry;of D—e-osabar, UN Dmlable,aaleredferronsnmaaaa.iUBSiDntlaUs, warebowed..tmSt....'. : Free,exoloalrsefSpeeleaadBoTa MUMat theThursday evening next Over HMOnaass aretothe caU. Ex-Ltoateaaat-Govemer Ias- w>CB is invited to address the meeting.TkeOttawaBeeeners.CaiGA««, Friday, Jan. C.Two of the Ottawa teactiBn WM* btoagtt iMAm Judge Dnmi^.of tfaeU. S.Coort, yastari^. .Aadministrator motion was made to the quashtndietaiaot, wfalok wlH be argved this monitng. Their ball was ixed at $1,M$which in U>e Fill River region, by Gen. Kisss. Tiuy ar- manded to jaiLHorlute br Tetesm*. COTTOS—Sales Nkw-Obisavs, Frladtsv, Jan. %,tonlay SfiOa bales, lOlcaUe. formiddling. SalesofthewiBekiM,mtb«lea.RcMiBtaof theperiod last year. Exportsof Ae wei^ tl,SW bataa.FLOira firm sales; 2,900 bUa. at $6 60K»|Sfor Superfine. Wbiai steady at#l lS«tl Mdull;white.7«le.«72e.;yeOow,7$e.«80e. F*e- -FLOtmunchanged. Whoktdeclinedfc.FrtightSENATEPetitions for tolling railroads were pieeeuteA.Aof internt or railroad principal upon any.... Uatn, Frid^, Jaa. %,road, before any railroad or machinery can be mortgaged.the premifres, on. which taxesselKure and sale for the same, and no claim of proper- ty to be made thereto by any other person, uaUJustices powers on Courts of Special Seaslons.are^napald,liable to;of 'be Peace ; also,toconferaddltlenal~M^m"3^m:  