 NEWS,-At.#oy.22, isso.it to the^nm*. Nov. 22,1880.tj7 imported frt>s*« , have attacked i other offieers of flv for oar live*, line of Mie»o«rL** onceimradin» Stone,, Jefforeoiirritory of Kaon*. |ly Joosw fact^ are whoJly ia.(peak eonfident- «a against Mix and his state. bhm'&nee in thepon. Th* w»r |Sbniey at St» Sate and deci-V band.Jv - morning be- to prevent the t . The eon*. ounts, whichexpected.Cabinet before a, unless unex- srftaries Cobb itb the Preni- v*»ments in the States will co- n^-nt to holdopinions with-imneixd a coo- he* purpose of Constitution, cess^ but withIition in regardb and South, furnish a basis ;-re paid into •count of the |s substantiallyanother form. Treasury, and . that a loan or ary soon aftern the .Govern- djninistration, . rge indebted- rano'is State pon Lincoln's^a.'e*, militaryWAKSAW. Mo., Thursday, Nov. 22,1S60.A use^meeting wee bekt here to-day for the pur- ^J^oforganiimgj^military^^ go, if necea-'^v3tpW jBuxrelii I W h r o r c e CJawe. FOURTH P A Twhen she left she asked me to burn all the-letters she leit, and I tiid so; on Wednesday morning she uave me letters for fcer busbandVwhicb I*dehvored WedaesdayPUBLICMEETINGS.KCommissioner, and the Inspectoi* of State Prbons' ticket, the rewult of the canvass has appeared fn THK TRinr/NX. The vote for the candidates for these offlceiJis given below: ' ^ _-_, _,Fur Canal Commissioner—Samuel H. Barmm, 3&,«BJ; wm. W. Wright, 56,005: JphnM-Jacox. 3,597. _ . M M f t . wFor TnspefTorof State Prison*—Jame* K. -BrtW, 34,3W, W . C. Rhodes, 56,002; R. Wr AHei, 3,ffi5vForSurr>-gLfy--E:C.West,57.22d;P.R.Jaefluee, 3J.3^-THE K4NSASSUFFERERS.public fcr:lands516.461 1,881.151resolutions were then passed. • •The Wards then urged the following candidates:duty? It is simply that of magnanimity. We have learned, heretofore, the practice of patience under po- litical defeat. It now remains to show the greater virtue of moderation in triumph. That we may do.-. $277,795~?3 ..* 1.076,433 98 596.260 ....1.196.920 ... 3KJ.061 1.1T9.3XJOmr of Gen. *omi:ig, after > a m o n g t h e'Washington;i ••fev.oc?, 1«60.|f Jhe Cabinet line tMrcetseioa * fccjerized theirp «tat»-d that pk taxations to'**it, ending Jb"n» $4/)0,i)90 a amounted to |ti-»« of Xcess-Marshal for teient to-day.. j** lieutenantf> the chan-e Cr»%, w « f|r »«idrng with 65 receivedT. C a b i n e t . iv. 5J2, 1*50.Bert- oadoabt-e v. r^carw** irately decer- ns ruftintains has resolvedJd T?iomj>soat whole *ec«s- .remcru >mi«jHr wuhe«, and ftuniatVft pro-'B extent, di»- it is doubtful ar-as to retire firm enough b»of this city |will be takenK.22, I860, rarrivec! h e r e pa Oeiongmg|ro is in the *»•*Jtii called*te that theO'taj freight IWest, is »m» Tdoee hi dis-••• no fear ot22,1*160.yesterdayicjwiiu^iour:2, 1*50." i< 'he paint >k»)h »*.re*»t. ^/.(S>0; in-•>j li ugb *10,<J06, riioii took •yaJU*ai>d ,*.• on $he«*eforenoon the President and Vice-President elect and Other members of the party visited the- Wigwam and new Post-Office. This afternoon they have been at- ten«*!T;j{ to busine«M of a private nature. To-morrow they have a pnbu> reception in the Tremont House parlors, between 1*>and 12 o'clock.Mr. Hamlin and Senator Trumbull leave on Satur-da> morning for Washington, the fonutsr going directThe examination was continued at considerablelength, and embraced confessions made bv defendantter as the first named.Mr. KKLLOCK defended the Japanese Committee.•bis arm around her waist, and that she had told him 3. ,Har>ey Bailey.(Boyd) that she loved him better than 'any man in the * KINGS COCNTY. 1. Andrew J. Provott,'world;, she said that she. had told Mr. Burch that she 2. Warijuia D. Moore.was only flirting'with Bovd, but" that he would not :i. Nathan Comntock.believe this; she told me that Burch had said fearfu 4. *'James Darcy.things to her, "that she must leave the house, and 5. Lucius C. Andrus. 6. Joseph Sesbit.was. any swindle in the Japanese affair? Wait till to be argued, and determined in the same way and so they saw the items. on forever. This is indeed a long wav to the attain-in the Board counted on him as cancussing with the Let it bo onr_ way hereafter. . [Cheers.] If there be Democrats and voting with them for every corrupt among us, orin the country, those who think that mar-what they send won't be worth the freight it costs. * * * I'. am still begging meal-tacks and sending them to Illinois. They have promised to fill all I sond. I can put corn and pot*. tiw» dwwn here from, the center of Illinois at less than half price—less than 25 cents per bushel! and if yon uud our good friends Kast .ran pay freight*, and can hold OKI, all Kansas cau be supplied! Not one bushel of grain need be purchased.. It wi)Iall be given! All; if we can only pay for mealsacks and freight* i *' I a m , i n e v e r y g o o d w o r k , y o u r s s i n c e r i t y ," S. C POMEROY."I desire very much, Mr. Editor, to tell yonr readers somethingof the poor people in Southern Kansas, whose homes are abonta5uraneewith those who approached her lor that purpose in the cai.rived; she theu a«*k«d. me to send her husband to herDistricts I. Adjourned to Monday ev<"tin TI)ie vot«»»too3£THKBOO.VE COUKTY, INDIANA, BANK CASE.—Yester-day morning, Detectives Young,' Elder, and McCordarrested, in this city, Joseph T. Sweet, on charge of presented the name of Mr. Simon Hazeltine.forging the name of J. W. Dodd, Auditor of the State Mr. PETER COOK stated that the German element innovjfov. 13.-^,I**!':m:,lair, to theaid of ocrfhlrbiBers onlBe'horder. "Reeiluy conipTaitianir*^' '" . *', ;""'''""~"-7--:;—- -^$ffl&• IV*e-State and Republican parties.KASSAS CITY , Thureday. Nov. 22,1860.Dr. Massey of Port Scott arrived here this evening.Farnam; this was the ordinary way of going out; she had gone that way because she did not want to'see Hubbard and Boyd; next paw Stuart at the reception after Nellie Kinzie's wedding; on the© o i t i i a r y .WASHINGTON, Thursday, Nov. 22, 1^0.The fathor of Gen. Walbridge of New-York, diedamble, pnd said he was not prepared to say as the pre- Ward in the city, one or two, or three towns in the amble did that- every man in the Councilman Board^ county, and the"State of Vermont alone in the whole was corrupt. He did not see what good it would do.' country. But now who will deny our right to rejoice If the gentlemen objected to were finally, nominated, when it carries all the wards in the city, all the towns. freight himself, and at his office in' Atchison listening to the accumulating tales of sorrow that press daily upon him? Did anybody ever pause a moment to reflect that this grnerou* souied man might need help ? That it is quite enough for him to devote all his days and much of his nights to this relief-work freebeen received and- enpplied from 20 counties.They «jtate that, although they have so far been able she said to me that Stuart knew that she was in theto at least supply something to every one bringingThe Convention then took a recess of ten minutes, buried with the errors of the Past. It bears on thepreper credentials, they are yet unable to meet all de- pnd were" going to the bank; Stuart met us, and Mrs; Bnrch concluded not to go; he accompaniedmands presented; and there are urgent calls for further us home, and remained an hour; while walk-and the Tenth Ward treated to lager all round.On reassembling CoL PINCKNEY said that.some por- tions of the resolutionswhich had been laid on the tableFuture. It assures us that hereafter the policy of the country will be the development of its resources, the increase of its strength and its greatness, by theXfxunJUn.CHICAOO, Thursday, Nov. 22, 1860.X....Thos. G. Ball. XI....JosrL; Perley.XIII....Henry S. Jennings. XVII Isaac McGay.A long concourse of citizens were present at the depot in Springfield 'to witness the departure of Lincoln. He beard many a " God bless you' aud '•Safe return.APTEKKOQW SKSSIOX.L i n c o l natadlbers; Mr. Stnart took the other and put it on; when he got up be said " You have not said how do you do to me," when he kissed me; several persons wereKftHKX COCNTY. 'Martin. Finch.FRANKLIN COUNTY. William Andrns. •:JTOVrON AND HAMILTON COB. James H. Burr.• The Hon. Hannibal Hamlin arrived this morning t>resent; he and David Lyle went home with Mrs. Jurch; Lyle kept talking to, Mrs. Burch, and Stnartand was presented to Mx. Lincoln, George W. Gage of would answer his questions, and say to her, "Damn the Trement House performing the ceremony. This t^ie fellow, I wish he was away."©KNESKK COr'NTT. George W. Wright. '.OJUCJSNK COCNTY.Gilbert Bedell.HERKIXKR COCNTY. 1. John Markcll.A motion was made to nominate these men unanim- this, let us remember, that it is only as ously. figures of speech that the. use of material terms, Mr. SALTER said he was too much of a Republican such as "defeat" and "victory," obtain in ourCHICAGO, Nov. 21, i860.fi8W8:*-•:•«.•••«*$*P&u and wife of Ohio. Mr. Lincoln purchased his acknowledged on one occasion having made an ap- 2. Franciw A. Hyatt.MONROE. COUNTY. . tickets and traveled in a crowded and inconvenient pointment with Stuart ic meet her at the house; Stuart 1. Martin Roberts.car, like other democratic sovereigns, neither the com- cione; finding Burch absent from home that night, 2. Lewia H. Moreau.voted-Bgainst the champaigne bill, which amounted to lence to my own feelings if I did not recognize in thispany nor conductor showing him any courtesy what- ever, although the ^an/e coqioralion recently titled a foreign Prince on a special train with all the honors. The conductor permit led four ironed convicts, one a murdrrer, to en'r-r the car and take seats between the familiesvOf Mr. Lincoln and .Senator TrnmbulL The Sheriff having the eulpritr- in charge is a Donglas Democrat.asked if she would admit him after the others had re- 3. Benjamin R. Welle.$12,000. He would ask Mr. Briggs how he would vihit a warm and most generous demonstration of your is intentionally a party to this cruel transaction. He doe* nothave felt if deserted by the Thirteenth Ward, his personal kindness to me. You know how deeply I see affairs as they really are. But I feel well assured thvt the^^P^^P?^:• i; ";,:'Mi^"«g »>• "S^fe . NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1860.tired; she refused: he then threw her on a sofa, and attempted to take liberties with her; she resisted, and to free herself, said she would let mm in; she did notKONTOOMICRY COCNTY.Frothingham Fiah.NKW-TORK COCNTY. 1. Jij'mt Callahan.was committed to the triumph of this Presidential selling of the lands in the FortScott district is the Work of a ne*t Mr. BIUGGS said that he would not have expected ticket, more than to' any other in times that are past, of conspirators at Fort Scott; a set of heartless speculator t, who,do it, and excused herself to Stuart by saying she had 2. "William Walsh.and to its triumph more distinct and emphatic, if possi- to carry out their purposes, would embroil the country again ia ble, here than anywhere else. How the eyes of friends civil war, if no other means can avail.laid down and fallen, asleep.Here the Court adjourned till 2 o'clock in the after-• 3. * Christian B. Woodruff. 2. *N. Holmes OdelLto be sustained had he not done right.The vote was then taken on the nomination of Thos.noon.Mr. The direct examination of Fanny Burch was re-' 8. Andrew Craft. /In my next, I will submit evidence to show that, in v )me por- Dunham of the 10th Ward ; Edward W.' Collin,' John Atkins, learn whether we were true in this crinis to onr cause, are not able to go to Atchison for food. Unless it Issen t to them,Although the vhdt of Mr. Jancolu to this city was pianVhed, and after uncle returned, Mrs. Burch toldnot generally kuown in this State, yet crowds oi peo- me Stuart could not, and said, " I s it hot too bad Iple aseembled at every depot, and congratulatory dem- should be crushed to earth, and he go unpunished?" onstrations of some kind were made at. the town of She told me Stuart had importuned her three months;Lit'coin. Several hundred ladies and gentlemen as- that the first time she had yielded to him was the day Set bled at the depot and shouted for Lincoln until he before Mrs. Matthew's wedding, and the last time &pp«axed. wlen some enthusiastic "Sucker." intro- the night they, ail went to McYicker's Theater; duced Lim as the President of the United States. The asked Ler why she had not told uncle; said she crowd cheered-vociferous!v, when Mr. Lincoln said: bad not daredf; she told me u;u!e said S'nart couldTotal.. 128 NAVS—John H. Briggs, Benj. Hutchinson, and Louis Bertch *Mem hers of the preceding of the 13th Ward; Jaa" W. Salter and Peter Cook of the 17ththerefore, has exceeded all that we dared to hope. Theyear 1860, how many acts of homo kindness has it/Drought to me from all my neighbors. My welcomefrom abroad—sympathy with me in my labors for the starving people of Kansas, I submit the follow?" ug, which is a country at Washington—the rescue of iny'dwelling copy of his check:from fire during mv absence — cooperation with #100.19 Horatio N. Sherwood.pnmed—After Mrs. Burch told me On Tuesday that- 10. Luke F. Cozzens.Democrats (in Italics),...'... 35 11th Ward; Edward Collin and John J. Phillips of the ICth intense earnestness to your eftbrts, and our success, Ward: Jos. C. Pinckney and John Hays of the 17th Ward.uncle had gone up town to see if Stuart could not be11. JOATI Hardy.12. John Lambrecht.13. Charles E. Birdfall. 14. Robert C. Hutching*. 15. "George W. f'arian.Aet/v York, Nov. 20, 1C60. $£ PKXMDKNT F.T7OHJ\XAX'S cosTRrBrmojr:••".NAMinyitLK, Thursday, Nov. 22,JL860.Several ladies were in. Court to-day as witnesses, a^rrtfm-;|Mt^MW&^^BeSd, the Sheriff camelater andqLETTER FROM THADDEITS HYATT.To-V* Editor of Th* N. Y. Tribune. %SIR: In the Winter of '56,1 was in Kansae, and thetwtyjwertnnilj & Item the 4i»»«sf«ctlon 'then felt by &«, p*»- P»wfft then-"%9rrlt£rkl Kaasw Comxaito^^&k&t the distributionofrehefrai^Elwt.^Benth&rttieTerritory. My pnrpos* here is not te criUcEie thai Conunittee, or express) my opinion abont it; or any of p, members $ I allade to the di**»ti»-ftotion merely; and to thisJust t6 tuwure the coWry thet the people in Kanras bare thhrtime anoaaged the relief matter for, themselves. Whereorganization**,xi»t, thepeopleofthotown-.**$fiohe wereparsed, among them the following: J The Burch femh> on both sides sreafi dressed; in o3ehded-with, Mx.. Spaulding; she said that Mary Rlmitwtd. T1—tw Junotdt**L-t»SaanTwayto Laterfort) with deepniournmg^havingrecentlylostrelatives. bau come into the.•library, while Stuart yrasong them was Mies Fanny Burch, a nie<!e of the ^rvr^r'a^eV'^rfcr; 'Mrs. Bnrch told me she had ntferirrhirhV'the^ni^ she was much j- FirxfijDt'.irictkK: " ^ i •the Filih Wdfd.Hotel last nigb~t, but adjourned until Kya^-TVrTilorT ot lU^ftiawm^whilst they OOnfta* th* n*ptv<<« On the opening of the Court the Jndge decidedthat there and saw his arm. around her wai.it; Monday, ineonseqnence of some conteeled,.seats, (theFor Justice of the Snpreme Court-R.' W. Bonney, 37,««; dutr waeD-aM«ll«<i by » OWKI of ini<tntght wmrfni, which we no testimony in the depoatt5on of Mrs. Brown', relating .that;sbe had explained to Mary that he was trying to Bettlement of which has been given into the hands of a Q*o. O. Barnard; 53,748; John Leveridge, 152. •to!l«*own*oti,hvlweowetotaodiiMmsofOUTownStstea»<4-dar oc.rwl>"< to perfono. to the relationn existing between Mr. and Mrs. Birch make her tell him something about Mr. Hodges; that committee, consisting of ofie from each election dis-Kt~>ieM. Tb««»t«cntr opinion tLo President «honId tit once coukUieadTmtted,reiteratingthedecisionthattheonly sitewasgoingaway"andhe.hadthrownhisarmaround tajiw »urf> dtaridBdagdyrontpt action, in tae infereomeotof theWIDE-AWAKEJUBILEEATAUBURN.' /..' '''''•-'''••';.'•-«Me&> »M»*ine» aW ACRJ>. «J«ntf our weatem border, to protect nnfi>ifbfnl to the marriage vow. The Court could not witneps testified that Bnrch objected to Boyd's visits; manic Convention, consisting of the Tenth, Eleventh,]mr» «»<l WIIMH1*"*** M owrtTw*. aa the mdaencT of the tiinea oueshon^ before the Juryw a s whether Mrs. Burch in her to detain her; she said Mary had told Bnrr of the AiiWH^.andthattti«th*ihMyofthe Oorernorof VfLwouri at thepjjiTticularinstancenamedinthecomplainthadbeen circumstances;thiswasl^ngbeforetheconfession..TheSPEECH BY MR, SEWARD.The Wide-Awakee of Auburn bad a grand jnbilee on ship select their Township Committee; and the CoUevdreTown-oax titixrx* and agttren tfc^ tow*.Varintw Coxnnutz«eswere anpoimed, when the meet-say what class of evidence future developmente in the Mrs. Burch had told the Rirls'nottosay anything abont ease might render-projier, but at present he would say- meeting Boyd; never told them to conceal anything that the testimony referred to in Mrs. Brown's cross- about Stuart; Mrs. Burcb once remarked that Mrs.Thirteenth, and Seventeenth Wards, met last eveningTuesday night, when they were addressed by Senator Seward as folicW3: . ,!ship Committees of any county from the County Committee. It *a with these Committees of the people that Gen. 8. C. Pome, roy, *t Atchison, deal*; they come np frwn all parts of tie Terrf.at Bunk's, No. 274 Grand street. R. F. 8haffer, esq., The followhrg hand-bill is now circulating through exan imation was' irrelevant and must* therefore, be Stuart was jealoue, and said she (Mrs. Burch) bad done was elected Chairman, and Peter Cooke, Secretary.in^ adjourned until next Saturday.the country. rub>d ont. much to bring them together after their separation. Two delegations, presenting themselves from the The Counsel then read a portion of the deposition of The cross-examinati()n of Fanny Burch occupied theGentlemen, Wide-Awakes, Fellow-Citizens, Friends' tory—from extreme portions, even—eome of them from, & di»- and Neighbors: This is not exactly according to con- tanceofi60milet! '••"/* . % ' ' * .To AJWW.—WAXIUW.NOV. K._0,»r Stateh» bven inv»4^d and Mrs. Brown, showing when the conversation took balance of the day, but was not "near concluded at the Eleventh ward, ten -minutes was allowed to each. tract. We parted last at midnight, yon remember; it The only motive I had in selecting Atchison as the seafcef dis. oar rrifvdamtrrdeTedhyaband of AboHtloniatafrom Kana»a,nud«r place in which Mrs; Burch gave reasons for not going juljonrnment. The main facts elicited were that Stu- Edward W. Coflins spoke for the Watt's delegation, was at the Court House. The day the 6th of this tribution was because this dry is the only one In Kansti* which{***°f Montgomery. Fort Scotthaa been taken by thorn: tte^GtreattCocxt ha* b*en broken. on. and aome of th« Orand JUT? and eithuma nuardemd. Mimioari i» threatened. A niilitaryand Edwin Stewart for the Lewis delegation. The month. Doubtful perhaps whether it was not the 7th.in company. art knew that Mrs. Bnrch was in a family way, be- has a railroad connection through the whole*year, la Winter a*Miss Fanny Burch was then sworn: I am 22 years canfe she bad told Mrs. Burrill, who told her husband, Watt's delegation was admitted by,a vote of 8 to 7. We were receiving the election returns. The First well as Summer. ^It Is the last place westward reached by th«eonvpeny la to he formed on Satnrday next, and let th« people | of age; live at Little Falls; am a niece of complain- and he told Stuart. The witness was not allowed to Mr. JOHN H. BRIGGS said that he was anew mem- Ward, Republican; Second Ward, Republican; Third " iron horse." Into this place, the good' people ot fllmoU, espe- ©ew»e in en ma*«e. OUT country U in daiix^r. Rally, rally. ant; visited Uncle after his marriage ten years ago, ber of the Republican party, and many of histoid Ward, Republicans: Fourth Ward, astounding Repub-JiOt w» prepaT«j to <Iefrnd oar hoxnea. (Slmed) answer questions ae to the familiarities taken place be- American friends bad alleged that the Republican lican. [Cheers. Hurrah for the Fourth Ward.] That cially the generous souls of Galesburg and Knoxville, are nowm. .cheers were given for the First Ward.] Well, As to clothing (and while on this subject we do not propose to employee* of the Corporation haa become HOgeneral and ha« then came news from the several towns, take charge ot any private donations) whatever is- sent to AtchJD. C. BAXLOtJ, ) and in 1857 and 1859; in 1857 Mary Spaulding, my tween Miss Spaulding and Stuart ; testified that party was. as corrupt as the Democratic. To set this is right: The Fourth Ward deserves it. Give the pouring car-loads of provisions, asking of us to pay freights onlyMARK L. MUAX3, I courin, accompanied ale; we got there at 1 o'clock in it was usual for Mrs. Burch to changeJAMES ATKINSON, > Committfle. the morning; found Mrs. Burcn at home; she mot us her dreps late in. the evening, and put a wrapper on Convention right on that subject, he would present theWard three more. [Three more were given.] Now I and purchase meal-sacks, the least, surely, thatWe-can do besideJD. W. ALJBXA\*1>£R. ( J.E.B. BARKLEYJin the hall and asked Mary if David Stuart had met also; that night Stuart walked home from Mrs. following preamble and resolutions: *us at the cars; she said that he had been there until Brown's party; all were together, and arrived home Whereas, :The robbery of the City Treasury by members andthink of it the First Ward deserves as many. [Sixsending clothing, .C«l. Robert* of Terhon, passed Oeeola yeflterday an hour before; first saw Stuart the following Sab-Burch went down stairs, and as she passed my door nied, that Ball's UUL'.H, in Vernon County, had been she told me that Stuart had come; I went down to theI observe that the American and United States #xpres« Com- prates from the Tenth, Eleventh. Thirteenth, and Seventeenth by 50,0W; that Abraham Lincoln was President; that panies, with very commendable kindness of heart (and proving,burned by Montgomery.Montgomery declares that he intends carrying on him to me; they then walked into the parlor whereI^ir-e a t A T h a a o r , € J a .U GA O"ST A, Ga., Thursday, Nov. 22^ 1860.Ward*) in for an irrepressible conflict with every form of-official you wonld not. need me to rejoice longer with you. Idishonesty, end in earne«tly'in favor of thorough reform' in the promised to leave a light burning in my library, and, too, that ••corporations'' have "souls!"), advertise'that theyThe Governor has appointed Thursday, the 29th, toand Stuart were gone; Mrs. Burch told me next morn- be observed as a day of thanksgiving and prayer Mr. Briggs as against the gentleman from the TenthTerritory. The call is signed by a number of promi- ing that they had gone out of the library window, throughout the State of Missouri. nent citizens, who bave heretofore acted with the which opened on the piazza, to call oh Mrs.Ward.Ooh PiNCKNEY called for the rereading of the Pre-; when the good cause we now maintain, carried one tlirop opposite Atchison, with his own team, hauling- all theHe left Fort Scott on Tuesday last. The rumors of the following clay Mrs. Burch and Mary went home with thiB morning, after a suffering illness of several weeks. how would thev stand-then. He believed it was eren- in the county, all the counties in the State where itsburning of the town on Monday night are incorrect. H e coniirnis the accounts of the murder of five- men, and the capture of others, who have probably met the saii-t fate.Stuart in his"carriage; Mrs. Burch afterward said, shethought Farnam was offended, bnt she had promised togo home with Stuart, and could not help it; Stnartstopped to a late dinner; that dav, after dinner, Iplayed polkas; Stuart and Mrs. Burch polkaed for a l. Jay Gibbons.MMHHMflMHMlWMMMaHMHHASSEMBLY16. *Henry Arcularrus.17. J. Jarvix Jones. NIAGARA COCNTY.1. Henry P. Smith. 2. Oliver P. Scovoll.enilly conceded"that,the departments of the City Gov- ernment were never in better condition than at present. Tbey bad met to nominate members of the Common Council, not of the City Departments.argument is'fairly heard, and practically all the States. of all charge, without asking him to buy meal-sack* and payCttpt. Montgomery and his gang of Jay-Hawkers long time after that; they went into the library; Mrs. 2. Lewie Benedict,'jr. ,Bufeb went to the door when Stuart left; recollect 3. Henry Lantntg.4. William J. WhctUr.time to time. A more vivid picture of the actual condition of t" e table. Carried, 11to 10. this succefes has been. It is the verdict of the People, things in the famine land will be thus obtained than by any word-The German Association of the Tenth Ward sent in for a Principle—-the Republican Principle—the trueDemocratic principle of equal and exact justice to painting of mine—for the sketches of my friend are from nature,the following communication. They, declared against taken on the spot. the renomination of Hall as Councilman for that ward, all men. [Cheers].. It is a verdict rendered.purely/ /are well armed with Sharpe's rifles and navy revolvers.They have plundered the town of Paris, and arrested Burch alone in the library; was there when we 1. Wilkes..Angell. •many of its citizens.' The people have petitioned the Secretary of theone night going to McYicker's Theater; left Mrs. AJXKOANT COCNTY. returned; she wore a different wrapper from the one 2. Lucius? S. Slay.she had on when we left; said that Stuart had been, •BROOMS COVHTT. Friend H. Burt.ONKIDA COUNTY. 1. Francis Kernan.2. Levi T. Marshall.and declared that, if nominated, they would work on conviction, without passion or ihte;e*t. Not a Re- Under date of Oct. 31, he thus writes:against him. Referred to the delegates of the Tenth publican vote in the United States has been procured " I am now out of pocket about $400. Two car-loads have .Territory, in the absence of Gov. Medary, to come to there, but not to say anything about it; said that Mr. CATTAKACGCS COUNTY. Farman had called and been told by. the servant 1. Nelfon J. Norton.3. Marquis L. Kenyan. •4. William Lewis.through terror, not one by bribery or corruption. Nay, just arrived. . . . My office is filled daily with applicants; Ward: '-.--^r' -..- every vote .has been given in resistance of in- the cold weather and rains are making ourpeople frantic."their assistance with Federal troops. T h e F a m i n e .that she had retired; she was sorry the servant 2. Franklin Philbrick. CATTOA COUNTY..had done so, as she would have liked to.- I. Hecoan Benton.have seen hint; next saw Stuart and Mrs. Burch to- 2. Smith Anthony.ONONDAGA COCNTr. 1. "Jeremiah Erherick. 2. *. Austin Myres.3. Abner Chapman.NKW-YOUK, Nov. 18, I860.To the Council-manic and the Convention of the Second District. timidation and corruption. [Cheers.] I do not chargeTwo days later he thus writes:'' How glad I was to get your telegram to-day^ and Theodore**cpntribution of $200. It was a godsend! just in time to pay freights. Illinois, is ifi earnest to supply us. Cases of. suffering meet me daily. There are a hundred 'how where there vr&s on* when you were here. Cod only knows what January add Feb- ruary will bring forth."gether at Mrs. Wm. H. Brown's party; noticed noth- CHATTTArOCA COCSTT. ATSHISOS, Thursday, Nov. 22,1860. ing in particular between them; they came home to- 1. EenryA. Prendergast.Stephen H. Ainuworth.• ORANGK COUNTY.1. Stephen W. Fnllerton, jr.Milton Ba,rncs.ORLKAN8 COCNTY. ' Gideon RandalLOSWKOO COCNTY. *De VVritt C. Littlejohn. Richard K. Sandford. Mason Salisbury.OTSKCO COUNTY;''' Elijah E. Ferrey. Frederick A. Bollea.PUTNAM COUNTY. Charles T. Brewster.QCKKXS COCNTY. i. *Stephen Taber.2. John J). Toiomend.RENasKLAKR COCNTY.1. Charles J. Saxe. 2. L. Chandler Ball. 3. "Anson Bingham.RJCUMONl) COCNTY.Nathan D. Ellinwood,ROCKLAND COUNTT.William R. Knapp.ST. LA VRCNCK COUNTY.- 1. ''Charles Richardson.'£. rEdwin A. Merrit.3. "Clark S. Chittenden.' SARATOGA COUNTY.1. *John Fulton.2. James Sumner, jr.8CHKNKCTADY COUNTY, Alonzo Macomber.SCHOHARIE COCNTY. ,Joseph liuckbee.HClimil.KR COUNTY.• Abraxn V. Mekeel.HKNECA COUNTY.William Johnson.-MTKCBKN COCNTY. 1. Daniel B. Bryan.2. Jeffrey Smith.X Redman S. Davis.BUFFOLK COUNTY. 1. -James fl. 'l'uthilt.2. Alexander ,J. Bergen. SULLIVAN COCNTY.Stephen St. John Gardner.TIOGA COUNTY. C e r o F . B a r b e r .TOMI'KINS COUNTT. "Jeremiah W. Dwight.ULSTER COUNTY. 1. Robert Lougtuau-2. George % r*ierce. 3. Benj. Turner,jr. ;WABIIEN COUNTY. Walter A. Faxon.•WASHINGTON COUNT'S.1. Peter HiU.2. Nicholas At Catlin. ••WAYNK COUNTY.1. Jabfjz S. Lamoreaux. '2. Joseph W . Corning. TWKHTCHKSTKR COUNTY. 1. William J. McDermott.i ti-2 "Hiram Smith, 2d. gether ; on one occasion Stuart and Isaac Burrill were CHKMriNO COCNTT.According to omcial reports of the Kansas BeliefCommittee, there have been so far distributed from fitting up with Turner, uncle; I went to the basement *Luciu» Robinson.the polls. [Cheers, That is so.] Who will • now libel Two days later, he thus writes: - ,thus point 76,S50 ponnds of provisions, consisting of for ice; when I came hack, Stuart and Mrs. Burchfloor, meal, beans, and potatoes. Applications have were standing by the radiator; Mrs.Burch had a sheet 2. Samuel E. Lewis.of paper which'she was reading;. when eho saw me,*he threw it hastilyto^Stuart, who put it in hi& pocket;family way; Mrs. Burch and I went up town one day,WM. H. WjBKsntxsKKKCH, W. KOPP, • l r w p M ,Secretary. A. WILLMANN, I *ic.e'1 res- renounced. Let then the pasions and the prejudices be1. Seymour.E. Smith. • three families: and the morning after we were at the 1. John B. Butcher.being taken to fasten the responsibility of anything theater. Mrs. Bnrch, Miss Spaulding, and myself were 2. Samuel J. Fttraiim, misapplied. Six teams left to-day with provisions for up stairs talking about. Stuart; Mrs. Burch said, '* Love KR1K COCNTY.1. Stephen V. R. WatDon. Southern Kunsrs, from whore most oi. the applications. Mr. Stuart? o\o! Give me. my husband; he is the 2. Victor M. Rice.and immediate supplies. Supplies are given as far as ing in the street one dav talking scandal, Mrs. 2. Daniel Waterhury.he was in favor of.. He would propose that the first agencies of Freedom and-Humanity. [Cheers.] Dis- and second resolutions be adopted. miss we, then, the future, until some new election callTlie preamble sud resolutions were then taken up, you again to your council chambers to renew yourefforts m obedience to the principle that Eternal Vigi- lance is the tax we pay for Enduring Liberty. [Cheers.] The immediate question is the bearing Ofthey go to all bringing proper credentials, receipts only Bnrch said that Stuart had* already broken up two or m'TCHRfS COCNTY. •coni»--M o > e m e n t »best man in the world;" I next saw Stuart at his own 3. Jienjomin JF. Long. house; When I was leaving, I put on one of my rub- 4. Zebulon Ferris.and a motion made to strike out the' preamble and thelast resolution was carried, under the previous ques-tion, which was moved by Mr. Kellock. Mr. Bringsalone opposed the striking out. The second and third' the occasion on the Present. What is onr presentto witness.. About the lime defendant left home wit- 2. JoHiah ShuU.The Aldermanic Convention had unanimously renom- cans, brethren. It is a trial of issues by the force only inated George Starr. He was as good as any man of reason; and the contest is carried to itsconclusion,ness said that Mrs. Burch told her that she had confr-ssed to Mr. Bnrch that Boyd had kissed her, and putJKVVKRSON COCNTY. 1. David Montague. ,2; David J. Wager.with the use only of suffrage.' An appeal lies from the be an Alderman. What proof was there that there People this year to the People tbeuiselvea next year—••:•and the latter via NeW-York. Several politicians arehere from different part* of the Union—none, however, that he did not believe that Battie was'his child;"'she 7, "George H. Fiahor.m e a s u r e .Mr. HUTCHINSON believed that Mr. Hall was amember of the Committee that reported the Japanese bills.shaling armies or pulling down the pilhirs of the Re- § u b l i c i s a b e t t e r , o e c a u s e a s h o r t e r w a y , l e t u s n o t bubt that if we commend our way by our patience, onr gentleness, onr affection toward them, tney, too, will, before they shall bave gone too far, find out thatof anv prominence.Mr. Lincoln, the President elect, left Springfield forthi* city at 11 o'clock ihi* forenoon, accompanied byM r - Lincoln, Senator Trumbull and family, and Dont h e n s a i d , " F a n n i e , w h e n I a m g o n e , p l e a d w i t h b i n i f o r me; I do not ask to be hiswife, but only to be with him; I bave sinned against God, and oh! how I have in1jured my husband '; she then took Hattie on her lapand said, " You are papa's and mama's own child, but nobody knows it but God, and thafis enough"; sheL R W I 8 . C O r N T T . Edmund Baldwin.LrVINOSTOK COUNTY. 1. Mathow Wiwd. i2. George Hylnud.MAHIBON COUNTT. 1. Orrin B. Lord.Fxx.j.ow-CjTizxsrj—^Itfiauk vou for this mark of go on the stand and deny all this; she said, "do you of Indiana, and his brother, the Register of the same this district was very strong,and he thought it entitledLAKS' WOltTH OP TICKET* VOIt TT?T? lUT , XBFtT OF K.VSSAS. AXXKICV .:T MWKTI, Nov. 9.your kindness toward me. I have been shut up' in think any Court would believe.a woman could* beSpringfield for the last few mouiha, and therefore have so depraved as to confess, if not true?" We con-State, to upward of $250,000 woith of the bills of the to a name on the "ticket. He named' Mr. Bernard Boone County Bank of Lebanon, Indiana. "The facts Swartz. The Lewis party of the Eleventh Wardy*SV.. THADDErs HTATT, esq.—Dear Sir.- if they can be made Aftif?histix unable to ;rxeei. you, as I was formerly in the versed about the Sickles affair; she said it was con-temptible for Sickles to publish his wife's confession; of the case having been before mentioned in THE should also be represented, and he nominated Mr. Geo.available. Iwill contribute #1,000 wort* i of admission tickets to the Museum, for the beneht of the / {.ansa* svjfcrer*. Thesehabit of doing. I am parsing on -mv way to Chicago, F. Steinbrenner. - , . and am happy in doing <?oto be able to meet so many we talked about Stuart and others; I asked if she be TRIBUNE, it is needless to recapitulate them. The Mr. PINCKNEY supported, the claims of Messrs.of my friends in Logan'County, and if to do no more, lieved the KcandfJ about him and Miss Bell Cass; &ne accused, it is alleged, was largely interested in the Swartz and Steinbrenner. •tickets will each be rjood for one admit Yours truly.MOi. HYATT'S Tsion at any one time.P . T. BARNUM.to CAchange with vou the compliments of the season, said she didn't know.; I asked if Stuart had confessed hank, and perpetrated the forgery of the Audit*,r andRegister's names to many of the bills in this.city. Some time ago Mr. J. W . Dodd came on to New- York, and found in a. prominent broker's office^in-Broadway §6<H) of the money, about one-third of which was good, and the balance forged, as above mentioned. The case was placed in the hands of Detectives Young, Elder, and McCord, who succeeded in tracing the for- geries to Sweet, and accordingly took him in custody. The requisition of the Governor of Indiana upon Gov- ernor Morgan wap presented to the latter, but he de-, The Convention then proceeded to ballot, and, after several attempts, made out a complete ticket, .as fol- lows:P. T. BARSTTV, «?q.—My Dear $t , B r a J',. , _, -and to thank yon for the many kindnesses you havemanifested toward me. I am not in the habit ofmaking speeches now, uud I would therefore ask to be •teen talk about some person seeing Stnart with his ext u&ed ITOIQ entering upon anv discussion oi.the politi- arm about Mrs. Bnrch's waist; Mrs. Burch told me it cal topics of the day. I am glad to aeeso many 'happy was about that she had written to Stuart, at the timethe coming Spring season, when these now naked apathy that prevail* I am njcI am sincerely your friendAfA ^ f f l ^ J f e S S i H +• mltfaces, and to listen to so many pleasant expressions.Again thanking you for this honor, I will pass on my journey.Bowing to the enthusiastic crowd, Mr. Lincoln en-she slipped into his hand; she confessed to me on the game Tueeday that she had on one occasion sent her hub- band out of the room on some frivolous pretext in. order toenable her to give Boyd a note; she spoke about future prospects; said she should probabably keep hoaseforY T T T XVII.Convention.—Isaac McGay.This Convention metNo. 48 Morton street, Nov. ' The four thousand tickets t' -*mSli- THADDEirS HYATT. hue sonorously contributed by Mr.tered the car, which was already in motion.At Bloomington a verv large crowd assembled, and Horace Turner, who&e engagement in marriage would( Abraham Lent,XV Ahe had gone astray with Bell Cass; she said no, ofthe blessings yon enjoy; and, when we meet again in the ,9th inst. 1havejLt received. / • JoaT. r^ *^d iffMtcourse he wouldn't tell one about the other; there hadheart responding so nobly to 0 your geueVnu* offer., and. f„ thr cans,returnyouthanksandMr, c * d *• £ n d on~ .ympatlnzmg Crv oTtlsiU r, many caDs, Mr. Lincoln appeared and spoke probably be broken by the affair; she begged me not clined Bigning it before he cocld hear the case,person- Fourth District Council manic Convention*—Aftertwenty-five cents or tw cnty-fiYe dollars, u> the T>urcha»er feel* m moved to give. fcLATJ : R FROM HAVANA.I The United f <(ates Mail steamnhip Bienville. J.X>.again, as follow is:"a stormy session, the following ticket was nominated;XII....Jonathan F. Trotter. XXI John W. Marshal!. XIX ... .Charles. McCarthy. XXII.... .George G. Burns.XX.. ..Daniel E. Gavitt.•At largo, Charles C. Pinckney, jr., of the XXIat Ward,< BOARD OF ALDERMEN.vestigation, held their fourth meeting, and for a fourth Tlie Board of Aldermen met last evening, the Presi-THE PRINCE OF W ALES AT RICHMOND;—It having been roundly denied that the Prince of Wales was treated with rudeness at Richmond, Va., Mr. Theo R. Davis, an artist, who accompanied the Royal party oh that occasion, deposes as follows: * .rZLX.OW-ClTIZE.Vif Or.CoryTT: I am glad to meet yqo after a longer separa-BL00M150T0.V A>DM c L K A *accused will-be taken.not dine at the table that day; she told me her has-' tor: Than has been common between. you and me. I band refused to let her occupy his room, or sit at the thank you for the good report yon made of the election table with him; in the.afternoon Mrs. Valentine cameto let my mother hate her, and to plead with her hus- ally. A hearing will probably be had tQ-day before band after she left to take her bnr-k; Mrs. Burch did hia Excellency, at h& office in Albany, whither theTHE CITY DEPOSITS.—Yestei-day at noon the Alder- m Old McLean. The people of the country have again and had a private interview with Mrs. Burch; manic Special Committee on the Chamberlaincy in-•'Bulloch, connr tanfjer> from Nc*-Oriefcis on the 15tli City and Cormty of Few-York, **.—Theodore R. Darin being and Havana o' a l h e afternoon "of the ISth inst., arrivedfixed up their affairs for a constitutional period of time. Mr. Bnrch took a pen and ink to his wife'sBy the way, I think very much of the people, as anoK friend said be thought of womam lie said whenroom and left immediately; I.went down stairs; uncle said to me, us I went up again, " Fan, I want you to witness the confession of your aunt;" I objected, andtime nothing came of it, this time because Judge Ingra- ham, to whom the application was made for a subpenaedent, Mr. PECK, in the chair.The following preamble and resolution, ottered byMr. BRAOY , were adopted without debate:Whereas, The joint Special Committee appointed to receive •nd entertain the Japanese Embassy hav* failed to report a bill of items in detail of the expenses incurred by them in the discharge of the duties intrnsted to them; be it thereforeResolved, That the said joint Special Committee ou the recep- tion and entertainment of the Japanese Embassy be and they are hereby directed to report iu detail the Hems of expenditure incurred bythem iu receiving and entertuinint? the said Japan- ese Embassadors, forthwith, if prepared; if not, then that the said Special Committee be aud they are h«reby directed to. report Buch detailed items oi' expenditure at, the next meeting of the Board. '. ,•Mr. BRADY offered a resolution to discliarge the Special Committee appointed to investigate in regard to the security,of the city deposits in the hands of the Chamberlain. Adopted. Adjourned.duly sworn, deposes and says thnt he was in the Oiry of Rich-'* at^thut port a t 2 ^ o c k yesterday afternoon. The ntond, Virginia, on the occa«ion of tbe visit of the Rrince ofbe lost his hr-t wiie, who had been a great help to himin Ins bushiest. Is* bought he was ruined—that he he said I must do it, and then went into the room; to compel the attendance of Mr. Piatt, returned a de-Wales and his suite to that city; that ou Sunday, tbe 7th day ofOctober, this deponent was in the Capitol at Richmond when thePrince the Duke of Newcastle ami others came -in, and pas-s-ing to the front of "Washington's statue, wore engaged in examin-ing it, when a considerable crowd entered, pressed around tli*Prince a»)d his party, and indulged in the remarks and critlci*nisthat have been reported in the journals of this city and else-where ; that this deponent followed the Prince as he proceededto the position he occupied in front of the statue, and was not•more than three feet distant from him during the tinie tlie "re-mark* referred to.were heirs mude by the person* pf-aont, and thatthey were distinctly audible, and wereof the following character:" Yon like "Washington—cours*;" "Ho socked it into yon Eh-slish hoggets;" *'He gave you the colic;" " You had «uou-zh of ;J^W >d States eteamer Mohawk, Iiieut.-Com. T. A» him In the Revolution," with other spoe-:heu too vukwx nad ob- V**• ven, arrived at Havana on the nionimc: of the 17tii» scene for publication; that these observations w«<e not made by *n f I sailed that evening on a eruitse. Noihitic «*«- •>•!-could never ffcti sasther to fill her place. At length,hen—Mfc b» — ift'fi another, wh'. he found did quiteas wJam tW t«stt and that his opinion now was thatany woman woobl do well who was well done by.go'I think of the whole people of this nation—ibeyValentine.and Bnrch were there; two' papers were onthe table before Mrs". Burch; uncle turned down onesheet of paper, concealing all bnt .the last line, and 1signed my mime; he did the bume; did not see the con-nial, which was in the following words: .hound to the northward, hut none within signal dw- tance.spaony imn pnrivate c»arrjiage»*to the Tremont House, where ibe v are uttartered.'Jhe arrival of Mr. Lincoln was not known in this,and that she had asked him to promise to take her back, but thai lie haid that the lawyers had told him he mu:,t net make any promises; she did not sleep with iislethat night: i-'he told me that he bad ki.sscd her " g«od rutfht;" the next- day I saw her packing up her things; sho told me thai Dneto had told heir to send up town for anything She wanted; during- Tuesday and Wednesdaysitewasundernorestraint,buttookher me;d.s in nor room; she did not tome down atrurt-;;Andre Fromeut. X V i l . Henry VV. Geuet, renouiiuated.that officer may know to- whom to make' payments. Adopted. : .• . . .. •>1THEO. R. fr.AVL* Sworntothis22ddayofNoyembeT,186i),b«for»>mrJA^. W. HAUK, Com. of Deeds, No. TO Wall wreo* _was no de--Mr" Lincoln will remain, here aUut two days, and fcb«-fireturntoripriogfirld.: D'cl.ock,dth'1Oe Wide-A wakes turned out shout U Lincoln, a hand of muni*', and are -ereuading Mr.The Board adjourned to meet to-day at 12 o'clock, V K K M O N T . — T I I C official renuH of the vot<? of Ver- when a summing up of the Total vote for each candi-—Mr. A. D. RICHAUDSOM, ourrecruhu'in the Rocky MountJiin Gold region dv r'ing the two'last Iu Kncij-htii QOtblaK dslug for American vtytnels.citv except to a wdect few, hence there mo'natration at the depot.mont has been u'eclared as follows: Lincoln ••• •-Um8j Br.M-k'tnrldkenou^W...- ••• it.'MHlBell......... Din'«oIn*s mujorfty over Doualfui^.. •—•. iEincorn'H vjdmotitj over Breckinridge.........Lincoln'smujorityovoxBell.....,........»»;••• Llucolu's u'.ajfeiify.gvcr all..v..• •• •• • • •>•• :.•/'•••date given in the citv at. the l a ^ election, will bo pre-covreftpoadent .u:arhet is injured.In Excrmnges there is u better feeling, with an w r moiier"Out TV«fjt," the market- London, Vi^WM prrruium: Now-Yark, 3 ^ ; Boslwn. •K>drai-vM^n little betfevpaid; New-OiVanc. short, $W5£i coWlMr. Hamlin is expected UMmorrow... i,si»,.25,140 official canvass in the newspapers, will complete theMl*Sf••'• $&-$.,••..; .. ;-:::,, -.'••... .:"^,,.stents of the paper, but understood that it was the con-fession of Mrs. Burch in her own hand writing; nave power of themselves to appoint such Committee, but the*&** wtoaninliip Cahawha, hence on the 12th. jl t Havana at noon of the 17th. The Unitedwill ever do well if well dorve by. Wc will try to dowell by them iu all part« of the country, North, and Mrs. Burch. »at quite siill ; that day saw both Boards. It would be usw|«-n» to originate aproceeding whichfk>i»fh, with entire confidence that all wilt bewell with all of us.-.Stuart puss the house with Miss Fleetwood; I wont to Mr*. Borch's room and told her of it; she said sho would write to Mr.-Fleetwood, and warn hra not toBaileo frojy Havana a few daivg w^ce on a cruiee, TiwA fedextd salute was tired while the train stopped at let his daughter be with Stuart; she said PU^would doone alone, but by different persons, and were • attended wttn., coan-tt laughter and jeering on the part of the crowd, and con- •Hnned during the Prince's stay in the rotund*; that the Royal partr went from the rotunda hato the Senate chamber, and after- ward from the Capitol to the Governor's .house—during the pas-Bloomington.After air. Lincoln concluded his speech, SenatorTr*»mboH was called out, and reeponded briefly.Mrs. Lincoln received quite an ovation at ilna point, as well as her husband. She bore herself admirably,something to humiliate Stuart; after tea 0:1 Tuesday beriahi cannot evade. t-he Uld me that, Mr. Burch was going to send her. 'rijbin to prav with her; he went up, and was there On the arrival of the President elect, at the depot in some tnre;. henVd him pfayiug loud; when he left, shepersons appointed by canvassers on the day of election any such in th* rabble referred to, bnt that it was to all or see ^ .ola»»»^ there-hi*s been nx> movenusutofinjoortatice.away; .-be ?.aid that he had been so kind to her m the toominx that «he thought that Judge Skinner had been talking with him; sho said that he had promisedTAMMANY ALDKUMANIC NOMINATIONS.—-TheTam-many Aldermanic-Convention met last evening andplaced the following candidate** in nomination:iribbono, 4. III. . V. Louis Van Wart. VII. Adjouniedto. call of chilr. TX. Adjourned to Monday evening XL. A1.-X- tbi* •ity he was met by a lew gentlemen, who took the .-aid that her husband had been as kind to her as ever, nsder Fre:ir, ex-Poimcilman. XI11. Peter",MoBterson.- XVUmbtt4ih d 5 BOARDOFCOUNTYCANVASSERS.sagetowInchthorabbleptwwedcloselyuponthamuntiltheSh£TT* !*r^V?"«*i*wiliimcfjrtheir«* ) r>mvn>t,,rtB 0 „ RCCO„ot o f bolden. cover in the two wr-ks */0 ^Sbowing gracefully to the crowd, ami shaking hands that no*, nothing should be done until Mr. Corning ar-This Board met yesterday at 12 o'clock, and occu- cloring of the doors shut them off. And this deponent, in jus- . ^ , l r " 0 ¥ n 7 n ' «'-dhI:iianxa-. jof which to the United St' pied several honrs in footing up the returns. Mr. tice to the-City of Richmond and its distinguished citizens, Ihr- 2 S E j>oxe'_: TM«!«^fe|/«* JS«w-York 4,^1 baxe*, le«viDg a *tber says that h e heard no remark of the character described p r ' > TNicbotaa Diamond, 10; H. G. Grader, »; J. C Bentloy, 9•; Fits- Blunt offered a resolution that a hst of the names of all ceed from any person of respectable appearance; nor did he ^^ a•Itf '.j.x»thpomrtsofnAw OOd'^b* "ofx^^^«;sse^srrs>^ino vity^v w^boUxVeA^W but year, ia•y••THE NEW-YORKlFOR1861.in the Union which allow, in fact, free speech, free de- bates, free mails, and'free and nniversalsuffrage. Itfreights?. Let me a«k the attention of the humane reader to the-follow-AXBANT COtmTT. •is the earnest of its universal acceptance. But there ing extracts from private letters received from him by me frontCHENANGO COCNTT."CLINTON COTTNTT. *Henry McFadden.COX.tjy.BIA COC-NTY. 1. SHirjue-1 Lasher. .?. Norton S. Collin.CORTLAND COCNTY. Loammi Kinney.DELAWARK COCNTT.the American people? Who will deny their virtue ? But this demonstration of yours has its meaning—-its meaning in various relations. It recalls the past, and tells that the erroneous national policy of forty yearshas been retraced, reconsidered, reversed condemned, and1, Thoma* Carter.4. William J. C, Kinney. 5. John J. Shaw.6. *Samuel T. Webster. 7. Daniel Youno. /3. Benjamin F. Camp. TYOMING COCNTY.John J.. Doolittle- TATRS COUNTY-Gilbert Sherer.Republicans (in Roman)in every part, of the country were anxiously fixed onYKAS—B. F. Shaffer. E J. McKee, Wm Kellock. Mahloa S. this State, on this county, nay, even on this town, to tions of Southern Kansas, the people are so reduced that they<•worth $300,000, and fit, according to THE TRIBUNE, to"The statute reonire* that the Committee should ho appointed by the Common CoonciL This is not satiatied by the appoint-The ^r rather in Havana wa«pleasant, audhealih good, u ho rolling of the cane crop was pn>gre«Mag*the Thisrnent of the Board of Aldermen. Thl e Committee must be ap-be ap jointed __, t.h__e j^oi.n't action of'"bot"h BoardM. The two BoardsB— •J** arnvedh t 8 'l!S|oningon a cruise, Xolliiug new ai avaua. ,Onrcangar niarket. has b«»on very <*,ujet, ahd holders would fcwsf<^*n wilhngto ha-ve given stlmofons by ae*:e(,.„ - 1 r ;r ~ -r v e•,"••** »«'"«io»» by aettept^ig lower OgrirtsCommon Council «an appoint a Committee only by the action of would fail, by delect in the appointment of the Committee."The Committee agreed to'report to the Board in favor of a Joint Committee, the powers of which the Clram-fiteaxue»* Cru«ader, Lieut.-Com. J . N. MaJBtt.-W> ?';.;.iiUf- .- >' ta& %•••.•-./'••;'V• ':••MM*! .'.I'.! "•""}akrk•'ONTARIO COCNTY. o Pere?. H. Field.At a meetine of the German Republican Association of the Tenth Ward, held on the l^th day of November, 1860, at No. 24 Allen street,tlu. following resolutions were unanimously adepted:Whereas, "We were informed that Mr. Thomas G. Hail is a candidate for reelection as Councilman of our district, be it'Resolved, That we. the German Republicans of this ward, in case of the nomination of Thomas G. Hall to that office, will not only not support him, but will work with all honest means acainst his success. The chief reason of our opposition against bin1 ia to be found in his vote for the so-called Japanese bill: andThnt. thee resolutions be handed to the President of the Tenth "Ward Republican Association, and to the-member* of your Con- vention, by s Committee of three. -that the Fusion votes or other opposition votes werelargely given under snch appliances. But the recordof the canvass remains, and bears its testimony thatthe main argument of those parties was their menaceof Disunion, and the last reliance was money ati1.Assembly.Ward..DitcuMtB VOTIVO—Nathan S. Hall of the 10th Ward, andMr. Henry A. Hart of the 17th Ward.In proof of the kind disposition of the Presiden t toward theUntitled Document}. ; . - ^ .^- '--TION& • f* * * ^ Convention.—This Convention meJt attrict. .'•'Second District, Convention.—-The Sec«7nd Council-at the same time; did not renieihber Joseph Turner, been carried to nuch an extent as to render onr taxes intolerable cheering, glorious, magnificent, and the scatter- son must be for general distribution, and It most be new clothing- bath; the whole family intended *going to St. James during illness, complaining of Burch's conduct as con- and to blacken the reputation of New-York all over the civilized ing returns from other towns, counties and or goods suitable for clothing. ' < '.as >» nM-fweriger to the Governor for aid.Itwasrumored on theutreeteto-day, butsince de- Church; Stuart came whilewe weredressing; Mrs. temptible. TheCourtadjournedat6o'clock. .world;therefore,. ^.• States—I told you that the State was Republican Resolved, That this Republican Convention (composed of dele-library; Mrs. Burch brought Stuart in aud presentedwill convey money or clothing to I^avenworth, frew-of charge, to you" if called, and you promised me not to come if for the destitute In Kansas, and consigned to the '-Central•Missouri. Large quantities of guns, revolvers, cut- would not go to church, but that Stuart would go and oarriace shop, andltwo brick stores occupied by Grass Resolved, That in order to avoid all doubt aud suspicion, it ia unless the news should come in rather blue. •[" We Relief Committee ot Leavenworth." Here seems to be a way take care of •us: Stuart made some excuse, and we &. Bridenback. Loss over the insurance $13,0Cl0. The our judgment that the ticket for Conncilmen shonld be made up did;" "that's it."] Well, the news didn't come in cpened for those who have friends in Kansas, and who wish t«A fire occurred here,on the 10th inst., destroyingthe war until he frees every negro in South-Western Miss Spaulding was; I went ;ilso; Mrs. Burch said she Shaw's Carriage BcpcH-itory; Hill, Night; &. Marshall's known ability shonld he nominated for Conncilmen. *that if vou sbould'have bad news, I would come backlasses, and other war implements, had been shipped to went with Mr. Turner; Stuart remained in the house; lire was the work of an incendiary. Kansas as " food for the suffering." They were sent no one else was there but the servants when we re-entirely of jrentlemen not before members of that body. blue, bnt all right and cheering; «nd yet yon are here •end to them specially. Let me utter here a word ot cation toMr. M. T. DUNHAM of the Tenth Ward moved to again. [Laughter. Cheers. "That's a fact."] And those who avail themselves of this excellent and timely mod*amend that no man who was riot worth $100,000 should what aggravates tl e case is that the news is too cheer- of relieving their suffering friends; be careful to direct yourfrom the East. Unless the President sends ont troops turned from church; Mrs. Burch was alone before Stuart came: Mrs. "Burch had dressed carefully and,•«.•-N o n - A r r i v a l of the. SANDY HOOK, Friday, Nov, 23—12:30.receive their vote. It was shameful that Tax N. Y. TRIBUNE should take the stand it had. /.Mr. K E L L Y moved that the portion relating to the present members be striken out.to take and hang Montgomery and his crew, we may arranged her hair nicely when we returned; she told expect for many months a reign of terror on the us that Stuart had gone up.town to excuse himself fronnA f r i c a .ing for you to enjoy it alone. [Laughter.] Well, I packages plainly, and accompany each package with a?Utter t»suppose one must not insist on strict performance of the Central Committee at J^amenworth, distinctly stating yourengagements in these times, especially with Wide- wishes in regard to the package; at the same time, also, informAwakes. It is in their nature to be uneasy, and tomakeotherpeopleso. Theywouldnotlettheiradver- NOWMtotheworkatAtchison,underthe supervision of myborder.LKAVXKWOXTH, K. T., Thursday,Nov.22,I860.taking tea with Mrs. Sherman that evening, and would bebacktheretotea; Stuart returned aster tea; Mr. Hubbard and Mr. Boyd called; Mary and I went into theparlortoseethem;leftStuartandMrs.BurchinThere are as vet no signs of the steamer Africa off thiPToint with Liverpool dates of the 10th inst.Windlightfrom S-W. Weather clear. m —Xbtajikggivinsrin Missouri. JEF>-KKSON CITYJ Thursday, Nov. 22, 1860.your friends by mail of what you have done.on the Councilman from the Eleventh Ward, bnt the earies sleep before the election; their friends must not excellent friend Pomeroy: the good people East, when theyInviewofthepresentstateofafiairsinSouthernKansas, a call haa been issued for a public meeting to the library; Hubbard and Boyd remained two hours; sustain Gov. Medary in enforcing law and order in the when they left I returned to the library; Mrs. BurchgentlemanfromtheTenthWard,hadvotedforalmost every corrupt measure in.the Board.expecttobeallowedtorestundisturbedaftertheelec-tion. [Cheers and laughter.] read in the papers of the car-loads of provisions arriving atAtchison for the starving, feel, I doubt not, quite delighted to. Fellow-citizens, you have a right to rejoice. I re- know that so much is being done. But who knows how it is member that I thought it an occasion for rejoicing done? Who pays freights? Who is at Atchison and at Win*administration of this city. •Resolved. That none bnt men of hifrh and spotless character andMr.BRIGGSpaidthat theresolutions might behardMr. DUNHAM said he had heard as bad things against' Mr. KELLOCK moved that the resolutions be laid .on is still greater reason to rejoice in the manner in which''Your telegram to-day, to draw for $400. was just in season. It brought me out all straight, and made me feel Kjht attain."" This is Satnrday night Jate. I have not y«* left my office ; and such a day as this has been ! Thirty-two applications for aid! Two young ladies, not over, eighteen years.of age, came a long way to see what could be done for their little brothers and sisters at home ; one of them maid she had never known sorrow until now. •I can stand anything,' said she,' but hunger." She came from a township not yet organized: so I employed her to do this woik, and gave her some of the statistical blanks, prepared by you while here. She very gladly took hold of the work, and added. ' I will furnish ~ you, Sir, with alist of the little children, who cannot cqme to , Sabbath- school for want of shoe* and dotMna.' Ah, my dear Hyatt how I thoujht of the happy Sabbcth-School children that I had often seen and addre««cd by hundreds in Boston. Cambridge, Lowell, Springfield and Northampton, and knew well how gladly they would respond to a contribution for sitae* for the little, bare feet that are already reddened with the frosts of an approaching Winter! One local Methodist preacherhas! nine children in this county, and no shoesfor any of them L" Garments for children conld be made here In almost any of the destitute families if they had the material*, simple and warm. But boxes of shoes are a great desiderataum; they are in- dispensable." Meal-sacks we want very much, or cloth to make them of. Woolen blankets are invaluable here as you. know, from severe experience in '56. In short, my dear Hyatt, the whole Territory, who are poor, are looking to us .' and having begun, we cannot lookback! * * * Vburfands havejust Icept me sofar. If to allow hia vote to be thrown fOraman of such charac- system of elections. The parties engaged in an elec- your own purse had not been deep and free, we should have had tion are not, never can be, never must oe, enemies, or to stop la«t week. The moment I refuse to pay for and take the even adversaries. We are all fellow-citizens, Ameri- car off the hands of the Railroad Company at Winthrop, that moment the contract for low freights is broken; you know our contract for low freights is only by. the car-load, and I have it all to handle mysell, and bring across the ferry from Winthrop toAtchiccn. * * .* *. *.... * •* '•There are a hundred 'carpet-bag' men runnimj through the States who don't understand their business, and in many instance*Mr. BRIGGS said' it was nonsense for Mr. Hall's is our way, however, now as it has been heretofore. friends to attempt to whitewash. The real Republicansment of rights and the establishment of interests. ItMr. SAL TER moved that each name be taken up our way, the old way, their old way as well as our old being sold out by Government. Nine thousand people starving;.'m,j',.;V^separately. . ,Mr. DUNHAM said that Mr. Hall would make onehundred affidavits that he had never received a shilling,and bet apy. amount on his election. Mr. Hall haaway, is not only the shortest but'the best. . in the dead of Whiter, to be turned out upon the bleak prairie* to perish ! But I fear to moke the article too long, and, with. Fellow-citizens, I should do injustice to yon and vio- ;your permission, •will state the facts in another communicotioa- I wish to state distinctly, that I do not believe Mr. Buchanouct•.own— -.'.-•G. Hall, with the following result. *93 Senman Johnson, John S. Parrott, and Julian C. Harrison of the onr country, and to ourselves. This lent a new ana they must starve. THADDEUS ' HYATT.And so Mr. Hall was declared nominated. The other gentlemen were nominated unanimously.WASHIXS- Messrs.RIOGS&Co.:PuyjtotheorderofThr iAdAd»e..u\sHTTyvautrto<kiixl4i>For the remaining names, the 13th Ward presented the name of Mr. Henry A. Smith, and the llth Wardme, so earnest, so devoted, so effective in securing the ascendency of the Republicati causethroughout the Union, these congratulations onhundred dollars, my subscription for the relly ^f'ihv suffering ' the snfforiiXX 1 * ' •' I Simon Hazeltine.'Third District"* f }* ^«£&,} H ? 2 ? .1,ameof J0'000star*n« ATM*1'Thomas C. Hall. JosephJL. Porley,t Henry S. Jennings, A U 1 ' ' ' ' \ Henry A. Smith-last evening pit No. 618 Broadway, arid nominated thefollowing ticket:IX.. ..Alexander H. Keech.XVT ....William Orton.to be f»)und on:the face of the earth. longed cheering.][Loud and pro-World, and Stoat. Each / Hyatt, admits one pers*.icket, bearing the signature of Mr. JU, and th" price paid fcr it may beVVTTT (John D. Ottiwell^ \ Barvey T. Cleveland. £K;' I Thos. Stevenson.to fill vacancies-be-sent to the Controller, in order that luices «ouino««d of low and disreputable individuals. pear-«>«>t'g«f^arce u, nchan»g—ed•; *N"vo». «V*t ai tie- -Hisls dull and e-tt'et. M l M dullfctock, hO.LHH)hojt.es. No ForelAt offorhw tor American vei^bv The weuther could net be more favorable for tho growinz t*& f°u»»«:crop,whivhwillhe 1^^. Inothwr islaad produce thro i» nothfiisT of uif«>re«t to nsmark. Onr wharf wdes sre ftir fr»n» nivfting for NorUioru produco at' Hie preseHt-mouient. M»ny arubles continue to be d>.Uvc<«d in bad condition, by which t!ve>sented by the County .Clerk. -'The Buwrvising of this,. an statement, mid an "order for the publication of the Summers, proposes to lecture on..:c,<wn...3::,t)!>lworkoftheBoardinthepresentcanvass.With ihe exception of the Supreme Court, the CanalGold Region, &c., the ensuing V, uddre.f*»«Ml {ft Boeton, Masd.hitvr.Heinftyhec<.iu'„Unitedftate*.^pmiuhun;MtirfCBasilverdwlbr*ftdo,o*a «.Mi> board.Health goovL.'• m \•' ' 8 ' '',:.ii.'its success—I feel' them all more deeply, more grate- USTTKB FROM XV.. ItAKKCX, OFFBRJJfO 07 HZ THOrSAJTD DOJ>fully, than I dare express. May you all find your rerward in the increasing happiness and growing great-ness of our country. And now we part again. Youto lay aside the emblems of your political association,at least for a time, and to return to your industrialpursuits and social enjoyments;^ I to return to thetheater of public duty at the national capital. May akind Providence spare all your lives, and continue"alltrees shall have resumed their wonted foliage, may ourhearts be renewed in their mutual affections, and mayall tho sullen and.angry clouds which seem to be gath-ering in the political atmosphere have, given place tothose serene and auspicious skies which properly be-long ro the only pure and complete Republican system Bornum ore for sale at tl ie. offices of Trot TUIBCXK, Timespeople of Kansa».JAME' j g^GH.CHAN AN.B;enville hi uj a gtr0Ug i,orthern gale from Hatteras :mdup, :md pa- SHej i m miUj;5Ua]jy }^rge n u n ,her of vesReh*____••• ^izmmm^ Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069riftfcwww.fultonhistory.com 