 ^1is a member of theStaMVBouMOK.—the Qazetto di Gemmanesswhile theinsure thehwill probably give four poles'^„„^jmd three. ^cleaned and p;it in j>erfect order, and is bound to go— city.But certain Eastern creditors of saidRoBasss.thoroughonenessofpolicyinterests,^saysHoa^ vas, fihilxxspzAax was, the Bible is, ders from tlie otlier side to stop, and justtiiose orders satisfied with that sort of arrangement, so the matter York with a demonstratlveness of interest and admi- wreaths of flowers and leaves, or flowers and lace, narrowly escaped lynchingat the hands of the citi-.spected abroad,as she is beloved at for her home,con-comb of the back hair, is very simple and ladylike.— Mrs.';ii'The United States Marshal was decided to be the proper officer to exe- attendant upon the church services. Her daugMter cute Judicial processes, emanating from the Unitedffavanne,suddenly became vocal v( lib the unearthly scrca'ns aie the colors most elegrintly worn.o( the Irish mare, who was abo'jt to recc.ve her first itack moiris are very elegant, and their effect de-'1 -have seen tliemn(unerou5riti/.cnsof::ideas,—in ma- clothes saturated with blood. Half-way under the time, by Gen. Joiixstoji and U. S. Marshal Dotsom, on his humble ability, the meons by which its usefulness the same co or as) 'tins questitm, one thing is certain, that theAyoub Bey"; and:<fields,marchesunderthearchesofgreat Lit)erty,belonging working witli,house,txtTtiuely are niad(; <«Chrit-tiai.s, and who was sent back home under soutache, suspicion that lie was an impostor.Ievidently, afterward both mother and'mgyoa rai'^T"^ agam, I bid you a cordial,heart-dedover by Sam. C. Hcll. Esq., from the 'Spanish dozen 01 so of mills iu this city and immeSme vicini- Bar, assisted by a long list of Vice-Presidents, and ty. There has been a greater breailth thaSlwlL cul-Union,haioinstituteil arigid personal inquiry-:diesbeside. TheColonel equalHe had hard work to make his Popular Sovereigntytravel in har-and his fhorough-bred KepubUcanismbut he did it.tions of its history to its lowe-'»t terms. Tlie great mystery of the murderThe presentsymp- water.'. Eceies, Sinclaie, and Crallebaboo, tn the toms is uncommon v»lth horses at tins scasan of—Thewritingmen on the Presidential electloa,'and needless suffering, lie {Mr. Rarkt) was about1;U(1\ to foutiiiuc in favor tluroughout the Winter. M;Miy c.ie.'.'-cs that we have ."ecu have been trimmedFKOK OAIJFORNIA. i<M.B.B>Bak«r>i8peecb-Aa Iwaewe MaMthe people themselves the selection of the name for their Territory. Idahoe It to tw the name.The nominiees of the Convention for the office ofreceived au>re than Ifty Oermaa votei KepnbUeantbroaglioat the City of New-Tork—perttapa not so many—which can be easily shown from a comparison ofthevolescastforotheroflleers.Youm,Twytat^BttfuUy,FOBEIGN irarWS AND GOSSIP.Goreranient to plsce a ressel of war at the disposal ofj^From OvT Oim Oomaposdcnt. [ns roar ixnits-]Govcmmem in lltUe over a week. Mr. RAsnOLPa, ing a speedy organization of our Territory, grants of novelty, beyond the fact of Its being a leave-taking,pre- suKwtt The cTrcumstaDces in the c»se were SSatnlloB of the IWaiiUU. It was the occsslon of the drew beautifully.the first, second, and even third galleries, exhlbltid aiortiions—ABitofScandallotheCoons-RussianAmbassadorandanumeroussuite,occupied velvet,aperfectimitationofterryvelvet,butcom-wltboothllchlns,back nothing 'of the Popular SovereigntyTheoryafter abatingexploded,public receiving anyeach diamond formed the bywas a smallone ofneestogethertrimming, ornament. The skirt wastte nust«iic-'Freedom be biatly sungVictokpraying, fighting, man,question,—ofAuburn,As the Cokmd is famous for perorations, I think yonwillpardonmeforreporting entire, imperfectly of eonrse, as f am not up to that sort qf tiling, hi< con- cludingremarlcs. Hehadbeensayingthatwhatever'ji!partisanrespectmeioory byas white as Madame Busio, soon afterwards, ator the arc by gold, tl'.c feathers by btrbex of blcnrfe.playedMrs. A. P. Alle«throngs,iuciiil Court.s were session during thethrong-tke Queen's gallery, and there were also scattered posedtuap-btone quarrieo. He purchase of the Tanapeeehes,to-the-hsndle AntJ-Slavery. drawnupfort)wbattle,assnrlnctheUmld,con&rm'nginstirg the new of After philosophy horse-taming.him came a cheslnnt, wlUch was, if possible, stillmoreactedmoires and Jolm and another party to the amooBfo^tS.MIt, sadHe ipoite two hoars and a quarter, had ended. Ha tAordown and pots oat of sight allgoodganareitMqibthe eonrageoBS.tumbled, and otherwise done for, the vihole transept emerald and the new shade, called greenothers of our'Padfle orators.He is merry, byin-'i'his animalandanoUier horse of fier<Te disi,ositi"^Lin whether in United States or ^Rri- were brought into subji etion. and then Mr. Rap-et dowMcli aie theywecentre. Thecaitlm thesttnci. In bis maai aerloBS argonents.How he some-StatesJuUiclury,poUsm is life,Even ohder the shadow of the tlirone of Rusjia on Hie banks of fte Seine, where the ashes of ttie Firstof tobeingthe laits iper- commencing about twocajoled!hosts dfdying on scaiBtlda, in dungeons, oftener yet on battle-the murderer. A hired Williamhad been with tlie family but a few days, was missing.I;n!nor sklrts are worn with a slight strain, es-: EiusnL,who and which he hadis true I! it is trae, gentlemenis,Ithe late ofanorder,madeashorttime.day,waist with large plaitsgood men,for Freedom. Arid while thisCooks,great^amoimt of bad talk and bad blood, and it dues ticle on the probable extent of British grain importa- pf cidiiy when in;ide of satin. All kincs and styles ofngfatl'—tbeat^ale as a ghost, staggered back to his seat 'died.varioussus-picion, lightbesustaii.ed. Ontheotherhand,thereisthepossi-IVerymanypointing arrestedto onwhen pausing suddenly he said:excellent order.accustomed,a small ;;r/fnHc falls a little belowtneshoulders. Somemantlesarelooseinfront—er behind ilian in front. The sleeve is ornamented , r. . Pearce, Portland, Me., day^' address me :;year, and the venerable Father Waldo, now 99 years of age, both cast their ballots for Lincoln. What is more remarkable still, each of tliese mitriots voled for**Bathereaqmobodyrecovershiswitsandseemsto' t'ol. Bakxk,what ofsay you ^swaxo'svarietyand behind; others fall in fitting— more. ! wasnominatedInthebondhewouldabide noand,itistobehoped, many converts^ Breckinridge i>cople;foiiffe, at oiir side eif the haclc. These bows may beThen he proceeded" In the presence of God—I say it reverently—free-replaced hy;a marked, guarded, m-otected exception. There it stands. Itevenputmcopinionmust not be akoivtjdprivilegegcneralljconcei-'.ed todomistheluleandslaverybuttheexception. Iti.s"Tlic i.ext day ihe servantI take "ouragi-. The pcopie Stiler around her. The Genius of America will at;Alexasukp. Cami'bslifor District-Nathakmui, wiH say that a man namedpnrpfjte(»f taking chargeof guiding and eliciting the expression of the puSlic gratitude tu the gaiiani Captain of liie Minyi:t Sckijfcr,o-"[Vehement cheering.] itleadlicrsonstofreedom. [Cheers.]Attorney,far intu aBaekes, of the firm of Moobe &political calamity.:for Mrs, Joks-—should have under- flounces of tartatane, or they are nue Committee, which issued tliat famous manifioetoin and about theweek—ed it even to the steps leading to the Bench wherefriaads rallied te saehAmerican Tb«tire, as never were packed into,HorPMANaaa, before. Everybody was there, and hosts of la- him company. The Senator is making this terriblyof bilk and wool.Thete fabrics are made with plain skirts, but veryfull :in marble and interested in thsHe rode along the linespolicythe Territorial Courts,iU;c tl.e pfastrnn on the body.Gaxibaidi, areand the action of the Judges thereon, developed a Great Britain. The Manchester (Tuard.rtn, iu an ar-and toliearanymiscellaiiceas News.From Our OwnGeeai Salt Lasi, Friday, Oct. 19. 1860. and patience. Like CoL Crockett's squinels, Iu- ami', stall materials. We noticed a very elegant dress Domical for a year or two, to make up thisJudge- was to the emergency. tedious case interesting, and reducing the complica-RAEirt ibegan with f.'Tu.sfr, who C now i iniVlr; of """"". is ^try becoming to some figures. It is applicable to was sorely disappointed. Vermont nki goito Deea6-spilled OBt of, aay building in California,presides,He tooltof his Oregon citement is{W)ut.a'd/rsc?; The sleeve was tight.a puff, croes-barred with blacicand with no worthy woman, a aad not a felfa^ bodfed IB Ini^ from his seat tUl be member of Rev. Mr. LactVs church, who, notwith- standing the long distance from town, was a regular;and satins seem at fa- only present the amount inpakt money.Ithaes canies'ltcrajr bis audience an incident will became to ids to attend to school. The work, dayrigid pushingluiingscaused full of friendly regrets and good iechiig. lie acknnwl- sU eves w ere and had two 'i'ght' show. He bad heeo saying that " even where dcs- son was 15 years old, a member of the onlypuffsapple-greenHigh of personal liberty are thriving. School. On Monday last the father and son came to—where the British NaroiiZox reposejeatie dignity presideseverywhere abroad, the great ideis of personal libertyfrom the people of England, and the fair hciriug Spring 1859, Camp F^oyd, wMeh had hecu given to his. rather r.ovel theories.Some dresses ftre f( ttly plain in front,and ascertained thathlnihe was the tliird vlcUm of her wiles.Queenover a nation of frpcmea—e skirt with which they are wornvide for.— A monument is—spread, increase, ftuctiiy. Here oors is the excep- thegeneral.leaving Eiiclaud, perhaps:shoul.i to witli '-dress,In this.Iuime of the exile, in this land of coustl- tniional llbertr>'lttsleft for us to teach the world thatthrough 'he window. The lad rushed to the nearestneightiors. then springing ^into saddle, hastened tofriends he had made andtion .i^iie kiiidne'^s ho had received during his rather protracted sojourn in the old coun- try. This address was veliemeiitly cheered, and itsthe Virginia Letft^lature. A de6ign of the'.edpnd^/w/furr. placedeachseatn! tliat under the Amerlean stars Slavery has protection, and the nametown. lUciing in, the horse threw Idm. But a friend18 or 20 feet intowUch willcostSlavery"''•'i—insolemnprocessionof Freedom .miist be faintly breathed—the songs of rushed on for tiie iwllce. Chief Bunxx moimted aand Sheriffs the officers in all Territorial theproper cases. (Ifcliverybr(>ughl iiderestiugWlmtever may be the legal merits of cither side ofgranite shaft,height,procession wealonesiirink beento theijiiIwerenearlyilowers in tbi^ ca&c the net. thus accom- ;be worn as a dinrer head-dress.Ilnmors of rhc Campaign. Prentice, of the Louisville ^i/j'/k// rallied theto visit its dusky cheek tuo roughly, be it so; but go more attention than all other offices combined witliinSee, from the/Ji.icra .Veu.s-, how the Mormons tell news ia para-day. IndiancashmereworthBreckinridgeDemo-maUeo, and If oaly faremosl 1« most reputable workf. ,FvAKM II. andIfor the PBSSOKAI..The New-Almadan case, after boringourfolks fordelegatesto Cuaaim,KansasandNebraska, go In-ALABJuye iLLxicss OF Baron Buksin.—Tlie 'afKapaMieaaa—HawtkeWarmonths,hasatlastbecomean«'t«<'"''V'"!wprt structedtoCOallIneycantosecurethesoiadyor' ganizatlon of this Territory, and to protest, utHBhair Tiaral PaHtiea—All kat the Dema- ment Mr. Piscasr, our worthy, 1»«»^,"-8^"*J of the people, agalBit any action calcolated to post-M>iill»tIfffw IIIallIwtonatkaPeaple'aTicket—B4irardtime «affering,has suddenly taken so dangerous a ^^t^tTT''"*'*^''^^ A.Wateri.onin:StBte Senator-whcbythespoken of as a genUemanpone eald object, or t%iaterfere with the boondailesthe absent memben of hia lamfly have beendlS^^^*S^^A5«ertlon. From the en-dail>. Ladies.lawyersandJudges—fornoneoft'lc,chapparal, awa> neighbors near. His wiferoads, was a-A* aThe axeJudgesKinnet and Ceosbt indicateMarshal,that their rul-duringprtyear,making their appearance; some elegant. The skirts of some dresses ingTheate a whole roast'^dfrom Col. Baeee, made a Wide-Awake torch-they are thenby two bows of velvet, one withofpeoplesome suitable demonstration in honor of Gov.Itepublicans speechox,sang a favorite air by This piece was received with cntliusiastic and the Prince, ad.lressiiig the fair artist,What can I do, MadHinc, inof the pleasure you have given us by siuiring thatexcept erally accompanied;gen-Mass.,fromtraveledback, trembling and afraid, when Freedom is but men- tlie girl's side. Suspicion pointed to CooEi as thetioced." The audience eheered, of coarse, but a murderer. Early next morning a thorough search— carried with question, is,an invalid apparently away enthusiasm, the ground near a patch of ground that he had been honor the Territorial Marshal as then.oinent is such that an advance in the rate of f'is-count may be expected, judging from precedent.2. Tiial tlie a.c to boon a grain importations likelyDr .gentleitan on thfe platform, whom every one knew— was organized, and soon Cooke was found, lying on much-debated that that saidquest, such as tnrJntani \, nrtxy tulles, illusion^&c.: the h'-v-llonncfii, or narrow flounces, arej the iTSiial irimndiiKS. - Tne latter are generally set ononGeorgia, over " a drunkenrashed to the fmtlighls, and with extended arms, ex- spading, his skuil broken, liis brains scattered "of the Courts m Territorial States cases.Again, Crosbv,papers elegantly express '*oeastve vehemwica, and hollow voice, exclaimedveiy i-with the same axe thatdaughter rumors have been aHoatPossibly, some may think that the Colonel since hiselection may tje a BtHe.lnkewark la Ids Republican- Mr. C. A. WASHBrBx, of the Timrs. and one'of theism—cooled byJka^B'riaB in Oregon with the Douglas Republican Electors, has been very sick of a liverParty. Letsosk'lBad the following, and judge for troublethenselves. Be had been talking about the Union,It We are slaves, com-:—pared with tlw rest of the world. The Colonel is soK only lingered twcnty-lbur hours longer, and thendered,persons, but noCboset and IIemiein, appointing the times and bilityspeedywasfound,coveredwitli"and einbroi(?ered enconniencirig verv wi(.;c at tlie hem. and gradually —Mr. .lesse A. a anddjinir.itiiingalight proce..*ion,at rctalunia last Tuesday. Thego Q\er the Btfy to cut cattle, roasted whole, to-day. The Douglas folk have indulged in no great demon- stration lately.the dreadeciand fingers up'inDOfurthertliantlietermsofth;;compiicl. Weareacity set on a nill. Qur llgUt cannot be Iiid. -^s forme, 1 dare noi, I will not, be lalsc to freedom. ing no questions as to the National sentiments of their blesfollowingextract from the|||[Cheers.] Where tke feet of my youth were plauteJ, there, by freedom, my feet sliall ever stand. 1 will walk bem^tn her banner. I will glory inher strength, iprivilege.Crocker—havereceivedarewardofi have watched iier. inhundredchoeen fields of battle. I have seen herfriends fly from herhave feen iier bound to the sta :ve ;state.i, Floyddipt.ufDublin have followed his example." The ,Vq/; says : ''We suggest that a committee should at once be formed for the of t'ae work;struck down on an Iviolently partisan members of the Republican Parly its lefrcshment, they have succeeded in tusmg uponthere Jill n'j:h:." So we say to tiie SecC'-iioni^ts, if you ever come within liriil of our Kentucky boundary, please n main thc^e till the crack of doom.A dispatch to the Charlctton Merrunj says specialSenator WiKiALL. ofTe.vas, informed President Bd- ci:.'\.yAx that be will not resume Ids seat iu tiie United Slates Senate if Linci n is elected to the Presidency. A few n-ore such ellects from a Republican ^-ictor-y wouldahiioi^Lreconcileustothehlsto^,her foes gather arounJ her. 1Ev(ningMail office tenas Idsnobly came to the ri^s-cue—Mr. Robert Chamous has reached on his luur Westward.j( \eiji.];i oi Mofbiay, there was a dis- pkivil civilizatiiin' niad'j by a translciit triuicr, in a wKv and Ti.uLner that iatrui.i.ed so much n.>tic*j that he bolt. This is nuts for tile Uenjocrats. Warming with thdught .t i.dvi.-;thle to seek refuge iu aaollier county|.L Ills earliest couvenifciice. If thcfari= arti as be will probably eoi.si'ter himself sa'er at C.-'.inpJohn thCMifferorsinCincinnatispite of the objiiigations of give her ashes to the wlQus. Uui when they tnruea llirir orsjiins. The heads of llie several tickets are aswh«oW.wo'u»l,drs"pe"n?d!a's"m~uechturnthatsummoned to the famUy ."^My^^J^BOMis feared, to be present at the deathbed of the Baron.and McAllistirkeeps Judgeand ofOrientals, Mr, conspicuous sprinkUrgyi>d tif h'^ies »»a^'S ttgW slMr99, generallyof Theopuilits JouNsoK's family remains as inexplicable as ever.slnip,falls, withwas of black velvet, richly worked with jethas been without thedo wlio owns a milk rancbe under house-carpenter,the siiadow uf Lone Mountain—a solitary place in theAnxe, a sharp girl of thirteen, ttelonged to the S-at)-bath School, and generally rode in with her father, as lorial cases. Theaccomt^anied.instance,dark, and found his mother dying on the bed, thetoquenllydropped,like hotpotatoes,in doublebed was his sister, dead, with terrible wounds on her head. The lighted candle was imder lije bed, whichmightbe pieservcd without those protracted and bru-tal sjstems of training which at caused cruel pres<;ut;was slowly.consuming.the Gentiles inthat the United States Marshal was the proper officerin United States cases, and the Territorial Marshalforeverbut hedoor!;hepi'tt-of the family cared for liim, gathered his 8topy»_and force of olEceis and set them to scouring the lulls forfarewellCOMHEItt'lAL AND Fl.VANCIAI. POSITIOX OV on vlil"!! a iiM Iand dozens have been comes of theirto a termination, which would end the drain for that quar-but he is nowThe Sarnnac left to go down the Coast last Thurs-a tcn- tency for capital to flow to this country. Hence, al- thoiigh the chances are in favor of an increase in the value of money, there is ground to suppose that any changes that may be found necessary will be of a—We have seen some large cloaks, confined at the day. Major George Middleton, who is in his Slatrecovering.than in London, arid that there isconsequentlyAt Syracuse two veterans voted ou electio«For municipal offices, wMch excite a great doiilbroughtthe Prince hadwithFour younj men—Kourke, Curtis. Kessier andtliecity,thepcopiehaveputforth an honest ticket, ask-crats onelectionafter thefa>h-$1,000 for recov-nouiintes. The Republican County Convention in-AlIrnRY.— It was currently reported yester-COLLF.CTIO.V IX DUHT.IN FOR OaVT. WlLSON OP, (.n Ihe dorse Ihcm all, with a single exception. But some day thitt'THE MiNNi£ SciiiFfJtR. states Consul atment lo a friend of bis, saying: '* I Iiope, my Ix)rd, ifCol. Dimmock, who, it is rumored, has fieen Philadelphia, on Saturday, on his way home,partil ItrirKstayI'eiri'ory."nill considerof a local ticket, i;ithan elsewhereC'^n^^nw^;:/?/,to exult, I liave .^een her again meet iheiii face to fai-o,resplendent incomp-ete steel, brandistiin^ iu her rieiit followsliand a flaming swurd, red v.iih insufferable light. nominees for Judge of liie Twelfth District Court, quite. But, for tlie benefit of those who cannot seei'eoTiles', Ke[>xibUcans', and Et-U and Everetttheabe^e eidgmatical paragraphas clear asmUlstone,of California, you niei;t soon, as is your President of the Board of Sujiervisors, (rfe /anto rently charged with administering a stupefyingPoETEEcustom every fijnr years, to gpnduct a peaceful revo- Mayor.) H. F. TEscnRMACuER; for Tax Collector, E.Peoplelution. There is no danger. Disunion is far away. H. WAsnEiEXrarles otljerwisc (notMarch, 1NJ5. and we shallit inthe United States.The heart of tbe people Is right. It is a plain, tionc=t,night. The aflair created suppose Mr. B.otxcs thouglitdirection."StrandingoftheNorthCniTON. Tldssteam-iS'ews."Tht; Charleston(impleduty ytffl&avethat of the Um'on will enable .South Caro-to perlorm. All the omens aretakingcare of her all—for Chief of for Tax Collector, XATnAs scoffed, l>eleagDered and beset. One year ago, a few K. Maiteit ; for District- Attorney, E. A. Lawbence ;and tli^hest of omens is a good cause. On the;asensation,and 1good, —we have beenPolice, Wm. B. Fairmanthe difsoli'lioner, of whose arrival out we have just learnt, went lina ccbtors to cheat their Nort.'iern creditors. The A RcvAWAY, Desertion, and Bkclajiation.—Pacific coaat we liave lalwredlonsdays past, l, your ciiamplon, in your fair State, w as beaten in a fair contest. With my heart some what bruiKd, my amldtion crushed, one week later I stood by the t>ody of my friend Beodkrick, slaughtered in your cause, and X said, 'How long'.' [Sensation.] Thetideisturned. Thewarrior,indeed,re.-,ts. knows no waking—nor word, nor wiyh, nor pr;iyer can recall him from his lone abode. In San Francisco1 speak to hundreds, thousands who loved himwho have notunderstand tbe indignatlou of such aSome farts in regard to a seduction have come to o«r knowledge, which may be of interest to our readers. A few months ago, a traveling agent for one of themerchants inthheeavydry-goods ot the New-TorkofCoitnyefofrmedNewa-cYqouraikntbanckers. Theonlydauwgahtser thebut lady young, accom-travelitag '^being ct>N'/ir.vevervday. like ladyand 1b another, and, were 1 not in such a presence as thi^,that thethrown oicr- maker,Opera,theatre,speak for him, as I will, [A rumiilc of applause, in- cieaMng at last to repeated cheers,] I hope, and be- lleve, f shall be able to say that his ashes repose unoag the people whom he loved so well, and who ire not altogether forgetful of the maimer of his life,wr of ttie manaer and method of his departure. Peoide of San Francisco, you make me very happy ind very proud. Vour kind wonts greatly cheer me IS they have often cheered me. I rejoice that a iitate, tenerons and eonfldlng beyond any man's deserts, !ia<placedmewhereImaybeabletoserveyou. Be- lieve me thM as I can—not as a mere party follower or party leader—if I can serve you, I shall be extreme-so, henceforth.GLAUCUj.deal of trouble to settle up the aiiuirs of ids agency. The last Mormon train from the East tlds season arrived this week. Mr. N. R, WRionr brought In a merchant train of about eleven wagons. This mer- chandise ticlongs to a number of people, who clubbed their miles together in the SprLig and sent for their goods from the States by Mr. Wkioht, who charges 15cents per pound freightA company of Mormon emigrants, under Capt.cargothe steamer. The dispatch a)?o adds that a.ssislanccing, leaving pateml ithlover, under the:Geeex, stands cur- draught to a young woman nalhed Nsal, at a housefor Cliief ofMAanx J. Bccxi for ;XVc shall ourselves f(*elin doing all we canI'Otice tiiat we intend to continiic the;kept bya man namedSicCoehick, in Ihhs city, andinitems under the head of "of the Twelfth District, Wsi. T. Goloh,lf( rrurv rcioices in thethought;iPolice,for Superintendent of Streets, GsoEfiE T. BoiiES. Democratic (Fusion) nominees: forjudge:for Superintendent of Streets, Geo. D. Nagls. Most of the incuinijcnts of these offices are paid in the hon-—pleasuregivethe Tax Collector excepted, whose fees arc supposed to cnunt up to $30,000 annually. AUmunityderry.ingly happy lul extremely fortunate. And now, thank- ing its rather stormy deliberations, il was ably presi- cane rMP&B and is being worked up ra^jy by thebody of Neapolitan soldiers six times their number.Only foity out of the thousand are reported as beingher,telt,aCs^MlB"tenveU-' f^ rMW(aved^and in that number Mario's name docs not oc- This cib:. The encoimtcr is said to have been tremendous,results i> a conrictlai with one ex- and has not since been seen in this that," 'clcs over thefact tliat theboyfifty-two:action un th" puit ut noc-^tuvehuIdiog whites of the^11. manifffhall tlieaf fitftoral dlsftlets, were in almost constsm attendancete:, ' |P* broughtodds. Mario was a noembftp or a Signer— proving, as we thought, tliat the prosperity of North ODT A LiciXBx.B—TehlelriekwgaGsooadfsinal Samplks, with-veked meoimeBt. But as be could not be found, themant for MJalions, Ac, Ac. tor"y to an unblest class of ladiesTWithe sisters who felt disconsolate about not is described as a splendid horscrnan. When the Eurtf- douth.logWB«fem(i[fitil>,aadtbesongof"TheMiniandhave filled an done, they will learn that that Is but thewhen he told his twenty-days' tale, they said Prince, it's all very fine, but tell that to the marines we will wait till Joceltn comes, that we mav com-'the the anivll chorus—was wcU rendered. Wadge"—;lowship with them in religion—no afiiliation with them law ful to sell goods by sample In the dty or eooatyiuship in slave-waiting hotels—LO feeti to slavehuldln;; pal place of business within the State, to whom a li- luoawayucdiTc3-—nncco oefmMpulvoelyimuelndt of slaveholdlng physician;*— cense has not been granted." A license is only grant-<M>Secretary;<ar Uetroit^^ orator took his*A^ "*' ""^ ^ ^^ GiiisoN, of DedTer, and Dr. CarltoSj^ of Spring Gulch_, fuUFBiatured, for !?>»->«£ frost. The iimlHiilistened torequest of Prince ;1.0 seen, longerfor ^irguseWaltham,Uumford Hall last Saturday evening, tog:()c yeto-gorit Citneg, iPeMtegibttB, ypoembtr 14, 1860.-Adefined. Thew.s Islatui e. Mr McCoos, is Instructed to enter his protest Mb. Raset'8 FabeWILL to Exgland.—On Sat-blood, bytheir position.pniuie,towards Ihe waist. Glenn, young attorney,;bhe is said to be inPeople begin to doubt whether, after all, Mr. Gwix from Utali, that surely, if only for the sake ofor of the position,He efforts to iirait hbi profits have failed thus far. The and the initiative has been taken. The Mormonat 4 A. M.. and after landing her mails and some pas-sengers proceeded on her voyage to Liverpool, andabout two hours after leaving she ran ashore near Ballycastle during a dense fog. The telegraph dis-the accident stales that exer- everytion was being matic- to float the .sliLjt oilPeople's nominee pledges himself to take but )S,040, and turn the balance into the City Treasury. There is every reason to believe that the People's Mtmicipalnewspapers, perhaps wisely, publishvery kittle of suchmatters. Else, probably as inifrh might be made of patch announcingDouglas speakeres a '• shoemaker." Wc don't knowplished,beauiifiil.agent was smitten, as he avowedtook his Japanese b^,this as of the r^haw-Carstang aflair atiit. Louis.Dr. FeR>EY arrived from the East by last mail. It I would say on a higher arena, when 1 shall try to ticket will be elected, as usual. If have faith in .serins to cost the doctor many journeys and a great——;but he writes as if he swallowed a;^an Francisi'anpopular sovereigntysent rounil from .^0 that there Londonderry,iMUDt.£ I'ifsident of a Southern Kepubllc. They pretence of one ot the theatres, took attending theyhave studied pronunciation in tlie Mexican diction- the and their withoutFrom Idahoe Territory.scngers or slap.Dkath of Alberto Mario.—The Ncwraxlleoftoas the desired, direct to ahgaovieng, matrimloandiyal clergyman,—CONVENTIOK AT CKSIRAL CITY .SOMINATIOX OFA COKGBXSSIOMAL DELEOATE.Corresptmdfnce of the Missouri Republican. Central Crrv, Idahoe Territory, Oclobcr, 1860.theknot tied, the seduoer took his in which he declared a relatlTe ofas alreadydelegate to the Kansas Leg-only,;itStaaleyi BeII-aa4«Eirerett B[aa> Weleaai> ioney to be elected United States Senator as O^ against the incorpor«ticgi of anv pordon of fuahoe urday, Oct. 27, the great Americas took!(Baker—TbeMyateriaaaTripleHarder himself,iftherewere anyPTM"'!^."'*^";^^"' horse-iaaner,— OrpaatdaaNam, &•.8teaawr AdTcrtlMd— ''at the hands of a DomocraUc Legislature-accom- The nve coinmlasioners were appointed to toCrystal presented no feature ofU FoUcUGmalptP ished his opening address for theclwmanUgo against Washington to cooperate with our delegate in secur-atSydenham.The exhibitionFromafter tEis nothlni could be recorered ot Mmfor hSfor rhe claimants on Monday, and finished last even-as heretofore granted tu Other %'errltories. AFFAIRS IN UTAH.med to the roof, and presented a most imposing ap-mention, among others, the pop/^ne d* /dm?, in largeInto the Slate of Kansas,Territory proposed final leave of his English friends at the PalaceFmahloBS f^r NsToatter.have beenSe aVarious novelties in materialfor the Government, replied, occupymg only another land for school, ofraiIlnrdoiadn atintdl^eatgorlthoeulturai purposes, and tbe numerous audience which it attracted. The fpRerwrO for the forthcomingwistehasnoenw. faWces,nboyUcteh,e aolisfol,er- '» decreeing.week Senator Benjamis commenced his argument extinguis<hdment tor land, and app'o- whole of the immense Handel Orchostra was cram- enceofilnast year's goaonds general character. We may di—TM,T^h"e''dLelfi^cfidt'!k'S^U'e°d7TM"''"piiations money public improvements, the same pattern in tae accounU ofHenry M. Bate*,Sas TuSntKo, Saturday, Oct. 27, 1860.U^ aight ife'lad tlie greatest political demon- dulled the edge of his reputation by lecturing, heThe United States Circuit Courtnew Oregon Seaator, CoL Baub'3, welcome. His room is very large, but it was filled to its uttermost The New Federal Jndxes in Fnvar with the each its dense and eager rows of liuman faces. The bunches of flowersa stranger, and not having ing. Being distinguishedpearance. The same may be said of every of portion; rep*, or s-poltcd with pttits pais thealreadrntOa*-Territorial Marshal and Sheriff.EusuA Mallosv, arriveda week ago from Caiifomia, Forthslastthreedays, a Delegate Convention withnineteenwagons. SeveralofthecompanywereMr. Tbnrlow Weed and the Helper Book. From the Albany Eveititig Journal.Now that South Carolina, and the ' Fire-eaters" of other Southern States, threaten to di.«solve theweeks the mairia^. nearly ducer shoulydoung girl pleabdu,t bhuet in vain, ttustterahoe-has been in session here, and early last evening, hav-weiepatriots overpoweredand cut to piecesbyconcludeil its labors, it sme die. Dur- adjournedof reproach took her to tlHirLeivih N. Tapi'an, of Denver, asBut crowded the Assistants^aiventy-one delegates, renresenting the Wfif*bpeerngalltm, onlfyor molasspersice howiwdr. whichliitiilBiillwUpilltWI""'house was, liifl liainlliil In '^f^J^'*'^ "^ ^ aoae of whoii made every elTort ia^^slr Imwer to vates. Beet molasses sells fei^$^.dozen who suceeadadiagettUrwiMrristt of him, bi<l>kk up ijte Convention, secure la ailjoamment, The amount of wheat raised In the 'l]B|:<Uory thedesperatevery family,an active part against Austrian oppression. He lived\^e'read the Helper Book, hastily, soon after its is again surrounded by hc^ne influences. publlt^utiun. It w as the work of a Southern man—a Tribune, Nov.- 10.native and resident of North Carolina. It contrastedretired before flieeloBe. There wdra many ladles In w^>out aakimpUshing the objects tot mseh:it was ptwroemsielnltlsoetatson Is variously estinated at p^n one tofor a long time in this country and in England, and, the adv3nta(;es with tlic ciisadvanta?cs of Slaveiy, CnARGi OP bt with ills wife, joined Garibaldi in April lust.the aislea qfthe clii iiliili who stood to the last, but would notleave.promoted byFirst, the plan of a judicial system ffThere were loud cries for Fievost. Mr. Soiuris, the rapodUUOB of the Provisional GovemincBtof a tributed tioo.weOBT did npt aeem to be present on the platform.tt.at this ' Coiiipi wl" coiiiaincd ilio followlag recom-uirndations1. Thoroii^;N orKan^ation and imiepcndent politicalcharges against penaltywhich is $300. The sale of the godqs was not denied, but the defence was, that Messrs. HouLowoaTB h Co. had a place of business in Pldiadelpliia, and that the sales were made tmder a mercantile tax license. TheClerks of iBb said districts.TtMn with more ehean, tbe meeting was dismissed, and adoptel and on the 20th of November next it is—Thepora'rsetable thai afternoon."'aadtlie great mass of men aazd women thronged into the street.When the Colonel had his formal reception here on Monday last, men of all parlies and professtonstumedto be submitted to the people for thefr adoption or re-jection. Unratified, the Judges, Ac, are to be elected Are the Gcrmaiw KD«w-NMhfaiga fThe Swoi;dok Tjbekic?.—Tlie curioBs in an-of ing pardons.Pro-Slavery men, except a.iontto welcome him. There was butheld iuf tbe election of a Delegate to Congress. Col.your^unss,headtnlone signlflcnat Staxist, who two years ago was tbe Republican nominee far fJovcrnor of tke Stata, has during the canvass stooUalMf from"inthattown(the.MoguntiumoftheKoraansJsome ttiifs. Whilethoseprinciples,sentimentsansd-symypma- days.—PhiladeipkiaLedger^Noi'.IS.incddent•cenrrlng.Hon.EbwardEd. is the nominee. Mr. MrCcok was ftmnerly Secretary of the Territory of all party pia»ections. But on this occasion he was Mianesoia, ahd also a Delegate to ttie Nebraskapretant if rrangement, and made the principal I.eBl."!lature. Rev. Mr. Wu.D»sos is the nominee.j-ucii a spirit. us-pyolnvanl» Raipbrtowpderty and rollitnogbestfocuknd mIt appears Don.Joii.Nr^ijEEM.iN,whoindorsedthistampcnddid ontwoexecutionsC,ompany intheagy'^*f>f''^'l,Cspeech. He was sweet upon the Republica.is, and gsopheeied the certain election of Ln^coiri, yet pro-mark-'*TXIE PRINCK'8 COLLEGIATK COORSR-—S% 'Booneed^hlmsaUaBaU and Everett man. A leading den City Convention,its indorsement of YtJu say that it is conceded that 5,000 or 6.000 Ger-will Cambridge-f|«J: '"f,''j^^''„'^a«ulSKepBblle%UeciVO*Ngress frtiui the Teirilory.College of whichto defrav the expenses of publication. the for the abovethis disavcwid neither be CompanA a"','''i°';,,dtSient^rmedmXtama^ttltee cheers for him, when he ware given heartily. It looked asm%t Republicans gave him (Mr. ^uwAazwACAOBa)tiwir votes, on the ground that he waa their country-man, and the only countryman they had upon any of said having received any official informatio:i on theserved by Gov. McRo.is and otlier.-.,whogavemoney guiyrefosestopay. ThecasePTAaaoN, last Summer, an.ijudgm'jn'S''"^^^gi^jnfTT"^ waslUieiiy•0, a re-olutiunon tlie p iri oi tiic iici.plo in the so-called Provisionall.oyctj.ineia, a- i :xprc«.=cd in the recent vote, and pro-to be—Edwass 8TtMimi^-*jJSerV W the Bapoi^cans, a Bell anddeclaring the want of^bythatUibunaf. We?«-'""""."loffan^asiloipfurther made the Commonwealthflioa^abroad that he will his placemisappreheiiiled, it is iToptT to say thatltwasprompt-ETontttllKjitbrarir**!"*! tbelliiiiiiilfMi tB^TTjItnrl.Shipping la Englasd.—Gr«at activity least 9,000 roters, repudiated unanxmously, and -mUk- prevails, just now, In British steam shipping. Therebook,""States Senator in place Buuain named him ««I **"* men, upon either of whom ^<'- admfraUon of the better part of the oommoni^ •'I <^ respect of alL He Israentproceedings." Thk Result"^ Nxw announces tha>oT<i;,^_J^' MO.^meV°tLt^^^''i?y ;S''s'o.l''e^;A-^^.X'^,t7 misetht'm.hvboynTitiniir.Btit.hoei,r -ii_.r_„ =_. ..J:.jj^^^j^ j,e»sr^ electors former by of PiiEBiPosT, STAifLiT k LiHQDUL. The Judge as we 1.123, and the latter by '.'"'.P'"',^ certain, although Approachi.noDepabtcreortheNeafohtan amreentinofforcmaeuds,eswilldevotehimselftothetrialandargu- Messrs.VeoomantdhaCtosditlaIcsk"^ f,i,erotesnecee-'^nwn-"theoppostttomtaOwif >i^t*<^<^«"'<^'^l'''<^y' Staiut would cvmandBiaSS^"^^ thjm, construing silcucc into aii Indo'rse-of Mr.a demand for new hasbeen,in the past month, goodJiJicK PiKERrro.vT.—Judge Piekkkpont, hav-»„.—«the firstly,ScswAlz- was, and al- party of human election the bal-and not at all ofiensive toour imposeupon people. The pcoi,ie of this Terfttory City^ representing a well-organized phalanx oi atand—JkrsZe^tv -iThe NewarkCOMHlHea, which ia theitjr ia Uie dWce£«. H« budM UmmHi tfewt Uw ''!tioB of Mr. SnwJLaT,entttUat hfaa to their hearty supoort.*The MoniteuT quotes the following fromfigures elecuon.NewJejserWW compteted..\nny in Utah, has been awarded to Livisoston, Bellquite gracefulA wTiler from D'Urbrfli, Port Natal, goes into ecsta-of a "in this the factionists were unsuccess-bushels.The contract for furnishing grain for theTSe of theAlfred at the Cai'E.—The ai peopleCarolina was retarded ratlifrhearing yesterday, before Alderman Oolb, in the case of R. H. Littlx,o$weaed{{^ to be done announced in the M, and Sit business',pRiiiCEthanSlavery, When a&kc',', tiicierore, to aid in the publi-; ; tlieof Kansas and Nebraska Territories, anireommis-k. Co. at »1 for oats and 25 for$1 wheat, com andThe iollowing, condensed from a recent sermon byWen, hmt Urn op then,"' cried a voice, which pro- anEzBcutb'e.Conunlttee to suncrintend the arrange Baisaa^ gomt lost, as it Is very consola-slbners to Waaiiington. Second, the apiiolntmcnt of- is too to hePrince rotlemiles fn one day and killetl sixteen bucks to boot. HeIdaho, to ddne the duties of the Judges,theythefr posterity and creation."earthUkeEvehas beginning of:socict.v. of Philadelphia, for or on account of any merchant or notes.' ThlH anecdote was told at the Govern- 4. No patronage to blareholdlng merchantA—no gu'^nt- manufacturer, or other i>erson not having his princi-aad enter upon the discharge sf the discharge of tbclrCrermaH Yote f«r Superriaorw5. Noruft::iny outlaWHanUdeceased. It was discovered ronflict with our sentiments and Josspu Gold, recently principles,ed for a year, and the amount to be paid is $300. One half the penalty of $300 goes to the informer. Deteo- tive BAaTUOx.oia:w is the Informer in the case referred *o. Alderman Ools will give his decision in a fewofficialOir^B Cth of the same month, an election is to beTb the EdifT of tke .Yrtc- York Timet:tiquities willgladcriminals.The^c rccommcnJatioiis are repugiutnt to, and in<iuties.verydry gt»odsgroceries alone, for he certain mules andp'ltlong ends placed high at the sideanother, more enorganize Baahsrcaitv tor asome other promising coiuiLry.familyThe"(iiie me your little dog, Prince," she immediately:" l.iaT :.vion^^ir Potlf; llociis pniering the tiody of Hiss Anna Garth, of Paris, Ky.,one of the victims' of tlic Lady £l^n disaster.SurelytheObttnary. .Hon. H. C. Goodwin died at Hamilton, Hadisoacounty, on Monday night, Mr. Goodwin was bom la DeKuyieronthe25thofJune,1824. Hereceivedan academic education, and was admitted to the bar iapub-Lo-.is\iUe Jmimal un^il tne 4Ui of IMS. In 1M7, )ie was elected Di.-trict Attorney ofMadison county, which post he held tliree years. Hereelected to the Thirty-fifth, serving a-, the Committee on Claims.Oorrespondent." " comes down without the trouble oftosign appear warrant one in bends his kree for the anddetetaMyPhiladeiplns Anxaig the_^ wiuta^theoryn ci bated a hair of his old Irrepressible, np- satisfaction as to the cause. Mr. Johnsom is a well-to- daj E of their glory here, adopted a rather austere and Raket. goeCsmwntiirh,liim to America, to apsrsoipsetritnydlssem- osiudteowransamdeinCtn,eedxcbevpbtliancgkat the pockets. aOndetornimemaecdh on Friday with an acquaiuance. win tsfiU.tlMthat the newand the ex- CiosBr, will have pretty smooth saiUng in Mormon and his cnat was rough, but neither of thosecorrespondentfrom this City, says: "guessingFederal Judges, Kbket andAt the top of the arm comes his cue to do so. He looked ttun on Saturdnv, w a; full velvet. InPrett,his good peopleiu thein the Stalestowardsbrawi^ over to nid John tintbetcustomed to wager, and who to win, were nnbi*to place anything to suit them. Few were wllUng la bet against Lincoln, aad none agatnt Horgah."restrictedMarshal, and Sheriffs. TheJudges virtually Ignored the existence of the offices of iniDBled.ofdelight of the Mormons and tha no small chagrin ofrectipt^fivicesfromWashington,to the irifimtealxjut to be erected by the Virginians to the memory of Peter Francisco, a hero of velvet. We noticed a silk couieur of the Revolution. Francisco died in 1831, prevlotnThomas tivated this year, but much is being ctHv!beforeinquirywe have not, iu thoiBit, word, or deed, Wednesday morning the reunited triocall,are manners andas enthusiastic alK)itt thecharged with selling goods by sample, without a li- Couipcnd," con- cense. The accused was the agent for the New-Y'ork firm of Jamxs HomnwoaTH k. Co. There are fourthe CapeiKb Chairman, coming forward, said tliat CoL Fai- MBBtetlonofdel^ates to Congress ;tbe Lesslatures btahrelseyf,inpierreeb.ushel. The Hormous grumble sadly at people at the antipodes are about those of his brother.they Sheriflaand lions,Ah, ?: No eOoptraiioTi with slavfholderM in politics—no fel- which the chiu-ges are brought says it shall not beThe was maite reportIn M6S>JAfisthenomineeoftheConventionforthispo- AnalysiBofourLocalCoDtei?!,"mpassageoccursstdDU. Hairgntc to the Kansas Legislature, UoCaiS,.«f Central City,thethe patriotism of the German Repobllcan voters of It has occupied the learned classical writers of Ger- monies of warfare. We have neveropposed, or thoughtrespectable class of your fellow-ciiiiens, the Insertion in your The Committee on Badness reported a series of esteemed paper of these few lines k rcspectfiiUy re-Evsrsiabout it as did our antiquarians about "Bill Slump's ever clicrisiied, or intentionally given countenance to all the of the ' <""."-resclutions, wldch were adopted by the Convention,o. daring a repudiation of the action ofthe late Sol- (Tuested. "hn vmder misapprehension of its contents, and at the to be somewhat doubtful whether the Prince of WalCi moment he w as at libertv to do so, ilisavowod the ob-amounting $163,444, issued at the instance ofincludingMr. Williams, who claims to be a Delegate to Con-pa.- wasmeut of tlie movementkeeping silence at this cri-sis, but are slaV the beastwlthout further ado.on tbeand second-hand steamers, and a fair amounting rcslsncd his place upon the Bench, has returned;therefore are thev omm^iid toVAXLVia. waysground^B^rJe^eixi„,Jgt^^^^^^ defeatfre*<Iom eDeaftheeUarpaiaitofiha^iae^alChurch,and nameofJeffenon,asappliedtothisTerrliorvand lostJandthirdly,becausetheyconsideredthereput»-on thedhas changed hands. consequentlyto his old office, and formed aBell andare beaten ba'iy,"'^to thenagebuilders have entered intobusiness connectionunderLxMasuLi., the name ofin aU tbe aad to counsel busi- Courts,^cooWenceTli&t may perverted nor taken tofte Supreme Court and 'he judgmem ^^^^lesiing against all atlen pts to that Oorem- twenty-two German Repobllcan Aj>sociation3 of thisname Steam1>last Winter,Mayor Bibeet,to satisfy•-^TmSiieu jlSobecause his aecondlv, bywith Messrs. SiASLit hFusion "cket,Uie show they 39?°,^,,rulingsof these threedocile WhenThough trffttas^ nrrtiqucxPompadour silks are worn, hadan hour beforeInto his wagons which journey to Pike's Peak, orllie Gi.TLKA. Hi'ptause'the Mormons it is evident that the Mormon editors share in thisisof doing things differently to what oUier folks do.Amiwaslitt'e fellow in anlie bf pptd Madame Uoi^io to accept the Jug with his wrupiftr."engagement —Vanitythenquiteit not quite healtliy for him, and so pasted offto Camp Floyd.Many peoplelived in a Mormon com-with thecamiotcommunity in view of such a proceeding.The SoTtk Briton called in atL<indondcrryseeking "companionship how would thegraveOf course, a sjdcndid lawsuit hangs u]ioB this affair,1from Australia.The weather continues delightful, and the sugar-to put down a reactionary movement In Molise.Tiicamarry her, being rdmtleas, wrote to her parent;, and on the morolng of dectiDB day they both arrived, and, seeking the lost one, fiwndand without a wordam s and forgave her all.the seduaer, but he having heard of tbe arrlTal, ied.Oftdigging,'ireplied.You shall hiive him to.morrow, Madame,"the animal. As itArtemus has formed aa Fair.ease, if not with the moment it be- dignit}-.of thetlieycai. who is now the of Mr. jet hangingwith-velvet, shaped as stakeholder of a bet between theand thesomehow or otl|Ar, could not sustain themselves ia money market, arrives at the following conclusions aic:1. That the position of the Bank of England at thisSyriancountryseem as ihe three thoughtionsthesentand their elfect fin the nOrir are jdsscnnJudgeswill be favoraljle to the Mormon view of ings tldsFor materials are most in Moffit, botii citizens of Dalton, evening ilrcssfcs, light re-fell to floater,"qav- •» the—mur-dispatched shal as executive officer of the Courts in Unitedinsi.-<tal that b* had a right lo vote him," as Dr. Moffit per^stad in urging objections, he settled the question summa-cases,andthe U. s. Mar-fill!, and fluted.or 7ii'UT/f'/ ladies, -so simple a style of dressandrily by drawing a pistol andiJiooting the Doctor.revocation, by Judges Kixset and ago by JudgesIt is said that two' members of the Fifth-ave-Judges will executive officercrape, reiling,election,that affairs in China may be investigation. places for holding the several District Courts in the while the circumstance must also beaptThe paldbt wnd the burnous are reproduced withTerritory, on the ground of informality and inconsist-that, owing to the jxillticai condition of the Continent, money is lower in most of the principal foreign citiestaff'ttaswith anew style of lace which has made its appear-intends handing over the amount to some charitable institution.ence with the intent of tion of Mormon soreness.is anothermollifica-Congress,i.s califdilanmlace,andwithniai:aron ance, but-The people of the States have been soof late years, to hear startling cross-purpose tidingsplaitshadikat ttailgm^ I think he did right to express it. ciated. Members of the Slate Republican Committee news must be welcome. Besides, it need not be for The E.nglish Pkkss on tue Pki.\ce"s New- Anew^loakhas miide its appearance, called the Washington as first President of the United States.Imillii BimlllirWhy, this. If Sir. Sevisdmay not be kept at home, where he is so well appre- and ofrest,aslight changein the character oftbemoderate characte'r."llili—. Taa dani lUMk^iavery is going to last forever r Gou Li>coLX. My failh is not equal to the belief, however, some, the " rotation" principle will give a very fair of the way in which their Prince wjis received in bon. Tlie pelerine, trimmed in the same way, is long- tion M W. A of a or twoago, peddled 40 bushels of charcoal through the streets'And IsMfaNnditisjrouropinion, too. [Laughter.] to beginit out that California can be carried forY'obk Reception.Theareimmensely proud Lovdgmve "it is bound with a narrow watered rit>-As the loser in a bet on tbe result of the elec-telthab A thousand years is as onei iaBb aisbUaid Umay t^e some time for it utterlyis taagoadday; IdonI wHL You, Biockluiidge men, if there is a little vein steamer for Panama is to-day advertised to leave liere ofI to decay. I hope diseases won^t last foreverI of ptotymyou^niierited from yuur mother, [Uughter, ]net— on Monday, >i"ov. 19 fou perhaps even yuu must hope—acourse,adefinite value,fuyant at the sides.,'Velvet seldom nrms the whole ofa bonnet, but is generally accompanied by tulle, lacecr crape. The inferior of the bonnet is very seldom In Philadelphia, committed suicide on Sunday, tiyjjantf 1and Pan woaidjidin very good company if he waf. are the next things we look for.has into the hands of the gotandcspitting, snarling,Judges Eckels, SiatCLAis and CaAnLSBACas fall into desuetude.II that some day amsary will oe abolished. Mr. Clay— isthmus the t'oair:f/ct>(//-o.«, the rates of passage being Ipraeticedt^figuretoo long a tinii'. for if it becomes too dull and weari- chance for diversion next Summer. For a little while,English;down! Iiiaw tkat de«n Will ; i very much doubt If Slavery To the amazement of everybody an opjwsitlon growling, cat-and-dog-customs of the good old times being of that profoundly vital and moral kind that by a pattp, on which are placed two buttons.ITheLondoniVeies New-York. saysa tenible revolution isThe gain to literally incalculable,thoughthrough the valleys.sweeping:with a trimming up The seam ot the sleeve, from the wrist to the elbow. The front of the mantle is closedthe ^os^s Taylor to meet at theadvantage, oftariff,then, we must be content if theof that He created great merriment sdeartax city. bySome time ago, the firm of Rodgers, Suropsuire &I and he was aaAtoiitionist used to felicitate himself put at 4160, $100 and $7.'i to New- York. Capt. Mc- Ross made over some kind of an assignment of their ly disposition that touds insensibly to the amicable all white, the top being generally composed of black banginghimself to theraiiir.gof a fUght of steps in9a Uaig as tfMl>is.a;liaia •**^ a iraf""' in the worldthe slave's heart will throb i'jr.Meaom. Educate himami ha aiil Heht'lor it. IHerve uim and lie win die lor Vork on the 1st of October, i;<not yet heard from. Be- writs of atl.ichmeut and all that sort of thing, which spicuous personal virtues, could look lor among a 1 he Lair is generally dressed above those head-dresseswere perpetrated under his direction upon a female passenger.—aad yoa,iaM8aTe your sool, can't help sayinghe sticks unceremoniouslyat the bark. Gold eombs, with hanging drops, either in gold, coral or pearls, are very distingue.was so hurt the Douglas seriously by gi»-it-Hanahfortha waaker partyshoakter my.itteto suppress insurrectionmy ow> Imuolses, in tbe denih of my own reilectioii, I^thnlus.upon bagsof tea and bales of calico, at the expenf^fcf the af-republican people."A ('ot:TLT Present. theI feel that ifMr. Sairxas, looidug forward witti iht^ eye of a groat statesman and pliiLosopher, said the.Y., hasfirm came to Utah last year, rather too late in the Jay.crescent of precious stoiiCS; on one side a drooping feathfr. generally tipped with gold, and falling on the shoulder.ycdtrotitrn,— Miss Georgia Powell e.thlbits at the Mechan-ics' Fair iu Richmond, Va., a doll which has beengenerations, Henry Clay«vwnSMH was irrepressible—Go<l go with him dorsethesentiment. [Tremendouscheers.i"They could only gather then " theof not since at St. was oneIreplaced tJie cradle in wiiich Nets are1'[Cheers.] Iwoulagetting groundthattherehasbeenmoretroubleatthe—flicted firm of RoDOEEs, Sheopshibi k Ross. This going the round of the foreign journals;aad yet iufollowinglats Madame Bosio, the eminent cantatrice, who diedMauy coi^urcf de brj are made of black velvet, engomery, (Ala.)at the house of Col.for severe editor of the oim-!1 in-gleaningTheyevidentlytake at the flooil that tiappy tide in the affairs of iiicuwldch then leads them on to fortune.Nor was Mr. Ccnmngiiaii .satbfied withPelersburg, singing at tJie residence of Princelying on a sofa.night;of chests si^^r,The rwtr Sam, with the p3s.«enger3 who left ?few- ing twenty-six day.^ ont already, the presumption isMarshal Ci'SNiNOHAU has beenlawyers, very busyDeputy- of late withkindred and nation, the son of a mother re- friendlyfront, narrower at tlie sides, and then wide under theThe death of F. P. Tairr at Lowesville, ^fcaused deep regret here, especially among the Repub-licans, who very higlily appreciated his talents as a after tbe vintage was done."orator. early adjournments.hiswith five byandwa^ rocked.The Courtsprivateparlynoticed a beautiful Havana,i^hfiuld til's 5t\]e of head-dress be made for an un-grapes longdid not at ashesnow, marrico la'ly young girl, qm'.'frysellscharged 'fh>m the old Venetian who, all his life, h&» takeneditorial in Friday's Dailyreflecting unjustly uponpolitical intelligence andyearssince, while excavating for a new fortification. pafhie'' arc all in favor of Freedom, they revolt at such— Baileoad Stock Letied Ox. OneNew-York. In the name of this large and;many raugh. and they have written as many pamphlets of opposing Slavery by such means nor have wc Harrlsburgh exchanges says: " Sheriff leviedthe tickets." The truth. Mr. Editor, is that all the Subject;madetlien ill the Ae; mng Journal.out any exception whatcveryelalma that heo(have been chosen in— had been, an opponentof ton- Several contracts for new steamers,yesterday;The Convemion, in its proceeding!!, ignored the ance tn the Board of Supcrrrisors might hare been and other contracts are In course of arrangement.used that of Idahoe and if theInstead, judicial systemas adopted by the -Convention, be raUfied by thetheman of ednesttoo. intelligence and reapectabUity,tho pcopie of &e Terrttory of Idahoe."conc«diagtoIt isUffblyixB^robablethat Hr. 84aWABiir4tta«aKngUsh:RepubUcan candidate, a* « ui— showed that tliey had a " desk" in a mer- crowd bttijt) ebMrias for Lincoln, Hamlis, Buekb, \ JuacMy Committee was appointed to draft a liavum buy children, he had a word of comfort, vie. aluis left the Cape the Prince was put on the fir-it 2. lu('li,'i;bility ol .-la^tholdcr? never another vote to testimonyaad the CMit, Vfele Ass's choir rame forward, theplan, and ^mitlishment ofttrce judicial dlstricti In the Territory of and whenday they have mil-watch: "All the Mindics flocked round him, and the traflctr iu bumi^n flesh. 'cantile establishment. The act of Assembly under "it to the Convention, for the estab- that will .see the when willUntitled Documentlap-doj^.said,beautiful production of our national composer V panied, !uayand—Mr. Charles F. Brown, alias Artemus WanUverycold thatwraopcd 15,000i..theand small sliot into the ranks of the—Siucc Mr. Persse, United Oahvay,!Ruiucas, who soWilson, thesubscriptiontoWeto assist, and we have no doubt that all our cotcmpo- licali'-'U of thewill with us in ^.o truly catholic an uijdcruiitingolprintdoii't redsh the iJe;i collating New-.Ubanypreoci upici)of them, indeed, have already taken Meps that .Iclfersonvillewas elected as Representative from New-York se<-ond .-session of the Thirty-third Cougiess, and^rasashore on the morning of the 31st uU, at Ballycastle,a about two hours' sail from London- fishingvillagea/f ro/r" was rightly named after the god of thieves. The editor of the Memphis Avala-icht^ talks abou^thew.-iaarknowiedginentwholeavesoonfortheirWesternhome. publi.^hcs a brief valedictory card in the CJlevelandPUumlfnler. It is said thatcuperato Some'Weand Foreigntextile a member ofhising him away <rom the Italian States.**;;TlM>^Portlaifcd Argy^t .ama upb. illnesf-^iderwUchBaronBirnsirhasbeenforsome ^l^^^-2^*^*^inthefoUowlBgourtstyle^^^Wbut here the liarmony of the arena ler-the chestnut had been duly hobbled, vorite wear lor a toilette habilUe. Of these, theInillation into Ihe restraints of a civdlzelm/irnge. prnds entirely upon the style, and of the trimndng byiivered his iu a few farewell,simple, manly wurJs, silk, iitvi i\ guipurtof thesethe transfer of certain prisoners from Cradlsbadod's edfcd the unfailing kindness he had always reeeiveJ silk at ti r uip. Bttween them was placed a ruche.against a woman, who, small in statae and wearivf si>ectacles, who met him at a camp meeting in Book-Provo Court, in thethe city early. The sou reached -home just before for military safe keeping, which prisoners were sub- He hoped he had done some good in the cause of hu- iiinl,i-s on ei'hei side of theportinto matrimony. AA^r'a^ards hJsscale vhiith will keep up a deci.ind lor gold for theContinent, and at the same time, check the ciistotua yremittances fiom Amcrii-a. 3. That itiere is liuieftrospeet of a cessation, or even a material dimin.t-lion, of these iiifiucnces. during the reinaiuder of the>car. and conse'quently. that when an adv.ance in the lu.'ir, and jewels ihut of Howers. Lace flounces iate of di.scouut shall be resolved ujioii. it is likely loit. Mr. Glenbroughtter, rei'ogrdzed v\o\\\, antique, &:c. They are often trimmedand can be at once appreciated byBut the friend-by ttm^flaad slaves of oar land, civilizatiuo GowAN is having his "rolling Moses" scnibbed and efiects to the firm of Livinostos, Bell & Co., of this settlement of disputed questions, and facilitates a lace, flowers or velvets. A chimree Twhe often fortns the yard back of his establishment. Fear of peca-all.would)etbet****"tothebanksoftheNiger. ReadPara's Hesstah-tUon't know toat Popi was an Aboi-itioBist—thooghilMldred poets are apt to be. l^p- at liie appointed time. providing he does not get or- Shsopsijiiii & Roes were so imreasonablc as to be dis- Star that " the Prince has been received In New- composed, invariably have the dicdhne form. Halfniarylossesissaidtohaveimpelledhimtotheact. —Capt. Harley, of the British ship CuUodea,gentlehearing of Prince Alveed as ration large ediiionto learn that the sword of Tiue-reTujcnitionbeRirs is for sale at Maycnce, among the collection ofj:family,parpoae of convey-1with wide late State Treajuret of Vermont,the transept that was not railed off as an arena, whilst stripes downwards—green and black, or violet and $40,000, and it is highly probable that the lorestlga-plaids,black, arc the most colors for this maCerial-- «on» in willelegantprkilrd/oii/arrfs de lame, in dark grounds, with smallprogress reveal additional iUeml expen- dltures. Of this amount not roore thanever be recovered. Mr. tlO,aoOwlUamongst the lower crowd an exceedingly numerousTut cofi^agt a plastron Ivvety elc^aouy wort, &ndbring. He of violet taff'ttas antique made in tJUs style. The In her accounts.;and a new material called TurinBates, who has been rmariod as a man of spotleos integrity, became InvolTM-b*For teen a black 7:'f*;rc \iitn a bouiUitnie ofhavesingularappearsBroelmat^'Tvrhfof bliU'kInthepredeoessorsquick best Iriend, the horse, and by showing, to the best of waOdcii. !Soiiie are edged with a quilting of silk, of left in a destitute condition wilU three chUdren to pro-n^auity, by pleadingas he festening.had done the cause of our Tl.e /o'.KHf jackets are beginning to be slightlyBellvllle, (C.'W.,)The room was full of smoke,locked, having effected his entrance The Mormon Judges, lawyers, and politicians urged his last moment ri tain a, grateful recollection of the //37 .•If, v\hii-h liad small pattes of black velvet, to which event he served three terms aj, ^ergeaal-ai-to a STiccessful terniination.— be c.iit of place. Hale,morning,ofmade with the skirtt!-cilicr.-' a'P triiiisiied with chicorec rn-Ain^*, an ornamentdownperlormanec TlieMa'-eronlu.dPiirrotbuttons.arestillworn,and about$600.with nariowiu the tL:rl. and three rows on the body, one on each £l:ou;ri< r and the other between.Arms inmonument has been furnished, consisting of a neath::.ve n vt.y nirc efiect when worn with thick dresses, e elaborate stvle of trimming wouldTaiboulkiof ctmrso, not necessary. Lace takes the place offrom the shoulder^ behind, and fit to the figure in front.both countries is enormous—cannot be reckoned by commercial arithmetic. Au Bonnets are worn la^^e, advancing in the front, and his leader, Mr. Douglas.—immediatea a treaty,mercantile railwayconcession,has,Stephen A. Decker, proprietor of a reataucvmtis a adrmi-giiirlande,andhasaveryeleganteffect. perina-andmanenl g;dn of a far higher itind." And the London Evening headdresses, of whatever they may bearation w Idch only the heir apparent lo the ?rown of a are., very elegant. A rurfte, pointed, and wide in the zens of Mobile, a few days ago, for crueltie* which:.Seibels,anecdote isWhen the diad'tme. (Jn tlie point in front, is placed a star or daysthat she had to remainentirelycesfful is Morrlssey, the pttgilist. I was conteniiK wfollowingthe rather equivocal compli-—forwarded to the Dublin }ou fver come within a mile of my hru.-c you'll stay Korth lo purchase arms for Virginia, passed throughwtrras.'* (S>atlnuc grave iPnrasyuch funlnoyngcompany ? grWaovuel-dwno'rtmstheir gravity beveAry speedily upseteditor in meers at a Breckinridge Mis-^isslppltoosusceptible. Thethat the efiitor can i>oesiblyswaIlf>w a regular shoe- love" to the thegrain portionboard, tof:ether with other articles. In order to lighten The Di.-uniMni5ts mean io pronownrf Joh.vC. Breck- but, mantyheothers, cornosoefnwted athelrast, ana one eren-was beingis no occasion for uneasiness either as regards p:us-'-aries.I'he Southern DisTmionlst. who talks of shuttingthe mouth of the Mississippi, had better shut his own.We to see WiarALL drop one of these days, expectarricvaerds,inDetrcointtionuithneg14thojfoularsnteymonth. Indsetleaay,dChraniclr le&rni by privateletters fromNaplesthatvictim to ahousei^ignor Albebto Mauio, the husband of Mme. JebsibWhiti: Mario, has been killed, lie was sent by Gae-ibaldi at the head of a column of one thousand men,with bis head La asilcgor aslingin his head.his resided, and there the ruin of the girl w%s consum-weinto our onnceurae and conduct towards the South.The next ftad tUngwastovidnity; theGaribaldianshavingfoughtUkeIion.s,andagain>t cweprtoiuogne,dourbrethrenoftheSUn'eStates. New-York,anderethisthedeceivedbutdceopntarittedgbtlspeculatingwas largelyKeSB nurw, ncu PwrUnrt?!!, »na expected to made a fortune out of the virle antique mftlbl« ttMA lW.bwcurrentthere was little betting on the.<|lection. Persons a*T—Aapple-green ^ni..) Adrertiter. Rev. A. S. Finch warns Ittecfecif.\t Washington. In December last, w-e first learned separate him. the in each ofthe .\ilorne> enter University as a member of the noxious sa^os. This' reconimen'-lation was unob- eral, for tonnage-tax due the State. nhirhtML^the Prince Consort is an honorary member, the authorities at Trinity College not yet, it isandarumorison the boards of Magdalene College."Admiral^ Mvtn>T, has received orders frwa his:office will conduct legal8ary'\ofor D(»oai>M«:We know positively that thefirstinalettertoof Washington, ncit lo the author of thegeneraUybushiess in every departaMnt of the law.—ivtrnnjfssf.One of hislived atand the other resided in Wisconsin. The lattf*r shewrites to Col. B. P. announce the safe arrival at Alex- andria of Col. Iskander Agha' Abcarius, one of theCommissioners wno came to thisfoiae months since to make coliei^tions for the suffer-to tCKi heavily.hang lost Winter slandering Gerritt Smith, hare preferredare to compromise with him by the payrneat of HfiOt very slight variations. They maile of velvet, rather than htand the test of a libel suit. Mr. Smithandtons. Pas.Henif-ntcne is a favorite ornament.his throat'with the juice from a lemon, in imitiCtioiL M"ing way of the dcf;k of the steamer Vir^ia, at MoBt-—Theiadyo- and great many finally proposed an elopement. The objected,mated under promise of For twoMercuryelectorsBaivria and Wears,inassembled atof our tt.www.fultonhistory.comBSJMIiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 