 MU,r«»«« to Qneb««.IIatiLATxaT TiA QOKaNarovm. LrvxapooL, Tnnrsday, April 2<i—P. M.TilANSATLAJSTIC NEWS.Lord Kiom was for China.UrnPOOL OOTTOR HABKIT.explain to me .to a veiy iaprudentone, and assuredlyunworthy of a CatboUc King, and of a from the KingMy replymenUUkeMr.BaiSBTlnthaferrorof theOrteaan srar, to speak the language of peace. Atlait motateoape-hto compaay at Fort BMI^, Jtt tt*!aSttklLaaodull, at LITIBPOOL PRODUCK MARKET.bbphbucaxBy yvrpoeefw a ftw good-natured pats on for publishing disgraceful articles against the Em-The Papal CaacrVTerey.INTEBK8TUIO AND IHPOBTAJiT COBBISPONDCNCB people, shall assure to tae relations of both Govern- such greatness shati exist. No orator ought to lie al- Axs WAna will be theirUie Bokeiilm at Putlur Poiit.LioTD'sonthestilpaiidcaripofnnwaqiatably For tbe lest, I am very much affected, not on my occupied, and tpeak either frem hto owa aeat c rwithout delay to the SuperlBtt^ilMI Departmaat of tta Geaeral tcmpotary duty at Fart ''--'"-r^riMArriT^iTVi^ht— ipeeehown aceormt, but for the sltuatlaaof the a-ral~^UoK of Sardinia.Tbe events that have occurrediSD llSCBLliSEODiNEWS.unchai<ged. Poax dull. Bacoic quiet.ingFjmho PonT, C. E., 8imda7, May <. She (teamsliip Bohemian, from LiTerpool 25tb^ «M <)aMBMowB Mlh nit, paiMd thla point at 4)f P.mfhntttmtbip lUinoi* tnm New-York arrired atyatidri leached Southamptan on tlie momtag of the 2Sth.The feJUanaa report* the followlag Taiieta;Tke Btcamthlp Canadian, from Portland, arriredQ«aMtownattA.H.oftheMth.Pa<aed en the 28th tke Kangmroo, from New-York.Mecn aille* ca«t of Cape Clear.tUk, ike Amerieu ihlpa Km/'us Choate and nonuuAsbm unable toqouliletat; 4Pso.tIsd.a48. 2d. for common. Spiain Toaras- tcciety, repose to the people, or anibority to the Gor- solemn deUberatiaBa for the emanetpatlon of^tfaetr ~.TM'Bg dty«Tke itaaiBiUp Airitie bnm New-York wuMayorthe anpurtenances of the nmst civilized naliana, brawl taking place In the haUa of the firat Congress at trict tmder Preddcnt Tatlob. Hto frieadt dateSaaftuaptoa fiebaWynotlaos dull at S3s. 9d.LONDON KOHIT HABKKT.Cnrope, that corder and drll and military diadpUoe, tloB, and thare waa at Bttla likettlioad of a ralgar'tbe stotnin of tbe 23d. She would laaTs ea ker ntarn before the 28Ui.Esq.,acontoralifBIta back, and being told I am a fine peror of tbe French.leOeiw. I hare reeelred a great many aaonyBans betters, aftlag me if I am not ashamedof BTaaV, a great fcUow like me, to ebms•ear to wUp a little man like Sayaas. Under ordi-aaiy ainamataBcea I should not think of sending aakaneage to a man of Sataaa' size, but Englandpreference. Famdaaa I await from the kindneti of tbe father of the Mth- form, that the Institatlona of America hava aac<;eeded, teem lo hare forgotten that a ConreatiOB of GaiBMi, We find^ in Le Nurd, of Brosaeli, of April 20, ful a favorable receptloB, wihich may itrengthen the and that the only quettlon to whether we potset the compoied of delegatet from every State 1b the ITalM»tttafcs him Mg enough to defend tbe belL I want it,kefaie «4dch Siiiis could not finish the pendingand as BtW» Life has «( iiuhllahed It, you will do me a great kindness In letting the Engliah people hear what I hare to say. Ifthalatemceting Is not to be resumed and the belt Is Bet to coae to me for what has already taken jlaca, I elalM to be tirst on tke Ust to meet Siraassome prorlneet of theStates ef theshould require tome tecurity that theaffair,willshowaypositionofkinovictor ihanoxl to laa popt.changeand until we do ao we act prudently in hesitating be-Senateaadw\H apsKte the acxt ehanea to coaqaer it." TteMla«li« la the Miw to B<<r* £>/c :" Itat fcarlag been able to obtain from you at apieteLdeOantary adrice of]agak^but 1 abstain from demanding your;laftrea, tka final decision apoa the fight of Tuesdaylast, I desiie te demand through you a new meetingwltkha tke pesent week, 1 make this demand from hav-iBg been Informed that ithas been suggeetsd on your not sufficient Mrt tkat 1 should give Satxis sutficient time to recor.Baer from certain injuries reeelred by mm. Now, Sir while I am willing to aeeomasodaia him in any proper1 mast aot be uaistndful of my own rights. IThe semi-official Autografh gives a denial to thisrumor. Thesamejournal states that the Ministersare perfectly agreed as to the cotuae to be pursued in vet> pious race, as your Uoiinets well kuowt. Ihim to understandit was knoxn wtt in his (FiioB'aj poesetslon, ready to be paid <l^rdEionilnhlsMlsttontoChUia.iqCJiy^Jto Itare London on the25thThe ealea of Cotton for the threedays endingmoBtht.Lieut. Tdioh, of (he Hbd-ijr^dVIgari*n.The London Tima, in an editorial opon Mr. HiU-of for It imhappyyonr Majesty, is already thetntu the Cletk't deek. An Senahir rrooldA Plucky l.etter from BOSTOH's In the Hause of Comnons, on behalfhave been not a little aaashad atnroBlaeat a part in snch a eeeae. Imt Hi. Lemier'a Tbe advices from Manchester are favorable. Tbe low, when tbe sacriliglons act shall have been con- nerves vrere made of tteraer stuff. Ha had a tpaaeh market was firm, with an advancing tendency. tommated, which yoo and your followers have the to deliver, and that tpeedi he proceadad te aake, LIVIRFOOL BBI!ADSTaFrd MARKtT. intention of bringlag siboni I prar tbe Lord, from withoat being in aay way dlaeompoted by the taaolt RiOBAxBsoH, Snaoa * Co reoort Fnoa quiet but tbe Cepth of my heart, to Illume you with hi? grace through which he hai juat He f"l*1tr' ktosales of American at 2«s 6d.®30s. Wbsa* and enable to see and steady; you'^Omt AaMricaai dtampion. Sany T«te8 ftr Annexation to France.of the timber trade of Caas'la, censures the caralier manser Id which Mr. Gusbtoxi replied, and assertsFreat AnotherOIAIB OP TOWBEKKS »'»»"is nowhich it thinks must prove TerroiTenxiTe to thethat the EsgllEb publicpartyto sachtreatment,colony.tampendence Between the Pope and and wintry. Spring was rery backward, and gars STn. 6d.;0g^Asome little anxiety re gaidlng agricuitnral praepects. The steamship CvKiutugkt, for the Galway line, wassnccesifolly launched at Newcastle on the 21st.;It tothat our Oorvnaaaat ahaU taka tt MOea < ttf^'Mb'xoTmxRs.FKANCB.giveApril,House of SavoyandIt is itated that £17(1,000 have been paid from Tuesday were 3S 000 tiales, of which speculators and •ppeaili g in print, in the Encyclical letter to the Ca- were agreed to, on condition that Mr. Ltfrajorbetween Spain and England lelatire to the extradi- treatedbeen hindered in reEstabllshing the legitimateOhio,tion of sailors.Tbe rumor that tbe Moorish Plenipotentiaries havein the revolted from motives provinces,to influenced tbe public mind.authoritynegotiateunfavorablythe not to duty upon me,-way,also icedrcd Injnries, bat I bargained for theai, and]patIttoyonaaamanofhonor,wbetherif I harekeen deprtred, through the effects of the said battle,of my eyesigtit or the use of my arm, as intte case of Bxxttui, when disable:! by SATxas, youwould bare made Satxxs wait for me for any length fhrooghhis new dominions. He waa at Legaorn on uSpeeontxmer,cit&b«e rignts and the avuirntourettoyf wtrne;cbditvhmee11 'lyWhan this match was made, tlie date far the battle The criminal proceedings at Bologna against Fa- Bull alia have sacred duties to perform towardsthoughany dlisngurement pre-when were negotiationsTheSenator taa-the trial o( Count HoaTasuoiin. ITALY.have always nuuiisbeu bcntliueuts of Aincere a'.;a3h- uieni, veLerauoii aiid respect fur toe Hjiy Caiirch,completed.The King continued his triumphanttbe ex'ei.stou of tills patrimony, I stiould still feel stiil sore and contusetl. HsasAif^s representatives but does not remember converaing with Bbab. Thaobiiaed to repulse every project ol this kind. In order put in a claim to the silver belt of the Cham- Eneilah biU having passed, and settled tke KtMaaupon earth, by ap- of time that might be dictated by my prirate doctor. the 23d. pointment of Ueavth.was the 16th, or as soon as we could get to fight;ther FiiUTi, an inquisitor of tbe Holy Office, for the God and towards men—towards the country and theat Prlnttng. in ChMCtek Storekeeper Philadelphia, Ua tettBi^abducUon of the child, HoUAaA, had resulted in histbeie I uiies of a Cattiolic sovereigii with tnose of ao Aid sMet, according to contract. The battle was France, had for ttto moment abandoned the idea of ijj ttie Uitt-iioi admiiilstratton of my States, and in mebut Iwhich operates to tbe detriment of state of the there secmcid every probability that another day ny, gaveCburcn, and wblcb leaves upon tbe conscience of would have to be named for a final contest when celved pay as clerks in his office, oat peifieiaail Your Majeny, and every otner cooperator in tids each man was well. After a white, however; a tiet- duties. One was the editor of the Philadeipfelk eg'egioun epoilauon, tbe fatal consequences wMoh ter spirit seemed to prevail, and the f/iends of tiotbud, according to the rules, If the battle should be In-said to be nnttailshed, and I am prepared to renew itat any moment within lawful limita. If SAraas isel,OBaecotintofinjiuiesreeelredfromme,andcan- TurintohavedrawnupanaddresstothePope, lakeptnotnce. 1'beseeventsnave«iieadyhailaco- o: meet me accordng to the rules of tbe man- which, after receiving tbe signatures of the Clergy ipeiaturiu tbe person ol my lliusulous lather, who,I demand and claim that of the Kingdom, Is to be sent to the Vatican. This cbeyiiig tbe iiopi'liie noroli'g from the Vaticin, anddocument places before the eyes of bis Holiness tlietime,the names of three or fourturupteil, it was my understanding, and I bellere itacquittal.Is the law, that we should fight within a week. We The KiDg of Sardinia, following the advice of ilide>,endeut ruler of a free and civilized people, butaly opposition,resign to me the belt wtiiott hn is not, according toadi'ptlng ibe inrinoratiJe luuito uf Jolss 11.. Suugbt to Lell.ef uuj country from fuiei,sn duiniadtiun. lining,be St. ura more In need lu the dlflicul* c'rcumstancusno details were eettied, there seems little doabt buttbe matter will end where It is. Thetbat angrywbicb on the day of the contest appeared to in- fluence the American sapporters of HxanAN, and w bich leii to most partial accounts of the straggle be- ing transmitted to America, has In a g,eat measure1,000 men, there,amply sufficient to protect tbe people from outbraaka. Gen. JoHNsoa had not yet arrived here.WataiBOioB, Sunday, Miy S.The hotels are thronged with the ' letnmiiig'dela-taking the title of King of Italy.A commission was formed among the Clergy ofwillmen gradually grewan Influentialwho likeariae•—and tu ac- ing to rcceire an ansi^er from you before tids week that the surest means of warding them off is to ac- cepting it 1 Old not tnink that! was upjo&ing myselfofthe moment. FaOH TBX Vatioab,Plt'S l.X.the rules ot tne prize ring, entitled to retain.Hop-be left me as a legacy ttils oolv eiiterprliie2, 1860.expires, stating yetir riews in ftill, 1 am, Ac, Ac, - JOHN C. HEEr^AN.P. 8.—To« wUl please understand I don't wish tota aapc) 'anas to fight because he It represented te be In a disabled state, but I wish to obtain what 1 ibiakl hare already woo, and which I will cheerful, ly hand back whcBCTer be, or any other person, tliii^s ke caa take it from me.Twa htiadred pounds are said to hare been sub- tcrlbedinLIrerpoolbyAmericanCaptains(or the kMCfittf HXUAI.GKEAT BRITAIN.In the House of Lords on the 24th the Marquis •f NeaxAnxT brought forward a resolution complaln-of secret correspondence baring been carrieo on betwacB Lord Cawucy, tbe British Ambassador at Paris, and the Home Goreniment, having reference to important matters on tbe Saroy question, and deVicToa EiiAiinci..NAPLES.Accoanta from zarious sources represent tlieappiu<e Ol a people being divued into oppressors and cpprefted.AS an ItalianaiiO to bring tiiis auout 1 tbougiit^t my duty tu a^t^eptTBI BIOT IN TBI H0D8C Or RIPBI8INTATITIS pasted off, and there is no doubt that by the next mall gatet,aadaBlmatadd]actuatoatoaragaiBcaaath>a» , 'tofauv ouiMdeUuu te the counsels uf the mot>t powerful anu gen-erous friend l.aly has ever n^, anneiation to mv sworcs. In modern daysKuigtiom witn a most aduiiable enthusiasm and uies, and h.s become as rcdlment&ry as theX29.the steamship Hu»- Ltholic Blaaops, where you can read it- tkooid leare the that he ao poaltloaSir e. Clux isTke Voltmteer force engaged now reaches 124,0M 67s.®5m. Tallow unchanged.gazettedGoreraor of Bombay.to your Holiness, with reaaont of my condnct.arespectful franknesi, theBaron Gbob was to leare Paris for Cliina on the niii heavy at Sis. < 2«th of AprU. LONDON HAVKKTS.end, GorenuDeat Immediatelyscribed at the Roman Senate when It awaited the ap- putttop proach of tke Ganla, or the English Hotite of ComAt Fanctgay the roting was almost snanlmoasly Tbe of opening priceswasreally exercise the power ol which they are the9t2( for annexation. At Bonnerille there was a registered 094^, and for account 94^e9S new tiirees93!i'a)^.my dar ate centered around a mode of nominal depositaries.of the selectingrote of 2,761 Ayes and one No. At Chamberry there were 3,300 Ayes out af 3,800 entitled to rote. Attaskat tbe piesent member for whom the rotes of the parn are to be Toe Stock tenitorlal domination, which events have rendered given devolves, not on the mast of n't coosUt-There are many of tbeUnion Conrenttop In torrn. Tbewith them are "- " fTrrnritin anil lliiaaiwithe unanimous.knowledgeiccognlzed it in ancient and modern times.Ameelyrotingitearlyin faror of annexation wasmaikets were characterized this afternoon by a some- what improved feeling, but there waa little revival of bntlaess. The funds advanced a V cent; the Snare market presenting no alteration of striking import- ance, but likewise closed with firmness, but quota-this and even thceompelledsee has necessity, Holyucntt, obsctue and otherw,hoie on <»rtain irresponalble pertons,A Genera telegram says the roting in Fauclgny hastakenplaceentirelyundertheinfluenceoftne;tbe civil Older of the State advise the taking neces- ftanchise may be leased out like any other possee- sarycaretoreconcileanidentrightswithnewinstl- sion,andtbepeople,aaItwouldseem,arereryin- niBauthorities and clergythere was no ballot—not erentutii ns, and this to tbe motive why, with full coaS-Cencein the sentiments and of your good just spiritdulgentlandiorda. Cantent to trust their interestswill harenan teem to be the farorlta CaiTTBNBBN stand nexttlcket{ITiiinnH'iB" ^permlesion to print a card expressing a rote againstConsols closedoften in the handsof most srorthleaa of the com- thewithI saa by yonr article of Saturday that you mlsun- A large sum lias beenl placed to the credit ofStho Business is almost suspended.B^as, on tke aSd, writes to the T^taus: ererywhere.woQlo tie likewise ctieerfuUy disposed to work In an become a naane, and as handed •ver to ke exercised by Conrention there. TIaeia will pnbaMy beMinister of War to defray tbe expenses.deisiiind my wishes, and it does me great injustice. The Pails correspondent of tbe Ttma says that I kcM ae diieraBee to settle with SAiaaa ekoept such crime it fearfully lacreasing in ^Fans, and that aequal manner for tbe diminution of the charges and for the security and independenoe of the Apostolic See,to Eu TnATaa, RepieaeBtatlTe fromMltiladlosettlewitbhimonthelflLb; and instead irightfnl number of murdeis has baea commuted morrow, being awaited by speenlatort. In tereial•f Mi( eailad a "Boy" I onght to be termed a daring tbe past fiew montbi.« Baky," iC alter baring coese ao far, and not baring The editor of a satliical janmal of Turin baa been get a settlement, I should be wUUog to raliaqaish eondemned'to two months' imprisonment and a fineyesterday.Canadiui loans steady.now. In loyal words, opened my heart to your Holi- aad that they thould brawl and fight accord- tnpports tha doctdnt of Squatter Soreitipitjr.ness, I sball await the retail of his decisions, hoping ing to the maaners and habito of the claaa from a dozen memaan ara delegatet. Some of Aaoa adK tnat with the help of the good will of both Govern- which they spring. America has no need of ostra- not attend. A delegate from Tlrcinta to tSt^agn- ments, an understanding will be established, which, cism. Ostractom waa leveled at dangerous great-resting on tbe printnples and the satisfaction of tne ness, and her institutions effectually provide that no says It tola mto.ake that hto delegatloa wfQ gate Ihr-SPAIN.Count Dl UoHTEiiOLiN and his brother Fnu>iN-AXB and their rallet were arrested at Amposta, nearTortoaa,at2o'clockontbemorningoftne2>tt. Toogendtmus stirrounded the souse, and after baringrainly demanded admittance, one etfected an entrancethrough the window. The Princes were dressed, and versy. The letters have not yet reached us throughhope to tee civil ditcoid come to an end, exatperated tame elements of tucceia as America. Tke iiutttK-and other iuesdents of thefhey iBtanded to call In the soigeon to name the day declared tbemselres at the disposal oi the gtndarmta, theLondojeumala. and we translate them fnaxLtand cannot get it* except through him. The inclosedVICTOR EUANDEL.gtren that they shall to-avrrow open a gnatUla igktJstisi, which I sent to BelTs Li/it, when I heard that(Signed,)LITTia or THX PCPI TO TBt KIHS.propose lower our electoral franchise, and greatly to Increasecontro-A maieilty of the Spanish Press was in faror oftilalbyanordinaryCourt-martial. TheCorrespond-enciaAxttogrtpkiaconsidersthatnothingwillbere- UuBTHoltFatusx:—in)ourletterofthe3dDe-solved upon until the return of O'DtirmL from Africa, but beliered that the conspirators will be tried by the Senate.ceiubci laiit, )our Holiness mquests me to maiutAlnbefore Cuugi ess tne rights of tne Holy Siee. I must,alHive all, ifclurn iny tnaLka to yuur tloliiiese for tne tbe of the had for a terially our existing Institutions,menone.thiid of hto friends before Jane thiongh Iha Ad-hasYour Holiness, in invoking my cooperation for the retovei) of tne Lcgauous, keeins to Inteua to m4ke lue retpunsioie for ail tnat has oocurre.l to this pdrt of 1 aly. iieiure acci-pting suca severe censure. I le^vectfu•l> a^k }uur Hul!ue»s to examine tne loi- luwiiig factA and cunsloeratiuus :gt>vemmentmight suopurt myself on these and other conslder- ly any tokens of tbe battle on hu face. His arm, how- forof Wendell't prlatiag faadprogressnot to *o»l conscience mybypionofEngland,whichconsider was vir-tbey question, the Democratic Press la OMadanger of the present policy of Rome, and points outcept the propositions contained in the letter of King tu the lUiings of Proviaence, whloti certdlnly cannot,insarrection In Sicily as completely snppre«aed.The Indfpendance Beige states that tbe Count of Syracuse had written to Prince nx CAaioifAM. stating that be will oflcr his sword to tbe of tow.r. The LegauoiiS, for ma.iy }eais uppress^doy lo-eign suiOieis, bad revolted as soon as toey re- tieateu. Tuey offered me at tbe saiiie time tiieu oeto in tie war and tue Dictatorsiilp. I, who bad dune nuimug to piuvoke this luauriection, refused tde Di> t«ior»l<lp on account ut my respect fur the Huly See,Uiieu tne war was termuiateii,my Government re- nounced ail inierfe'euce m toe affairs uf tne Leg^- tiuak. ALd wbtn ibe prebcbce ot a fluid (awla^.eux) Grnerai ..ab liaeiy to eouauger tne fate of toe pruv- ii.i:eb,occuptru 3y tbe truups of your holiness, I ex- erico all uiy influeiiee in trying tu make mm witn- craw rruBi tfaeui.The ptople, left entl'ely free and unemoarrattedexemplifiedlog to have won when the fight was stopped of itsplf,King SardmU, combat for the cause of liberty and Italian natioaaJi-by protectedproves how equally last.In th* interval which has elapsed sinvte Tuesiay, tbeie'eiee has leceived same hundreds of letters from all partt of the Kingdom, inclosinit money for a tettimaBial to Satixs. Neaily all the letien are an nymous, and state that the writers never saw aHOUSE OF REPRESBNTATITE8. WAsataoTOB, Saturday, Maj i,Hr. Train, of Haasachaaetts, (Bep.,) aakei leave to report a reaolutianprovidlBg for a watdMw to protect the equestrian tiatue of WAjaiaaiM. Ba stated that there was $17,000 rematniag of tkely. If bis nephew, the King of Naples, persists in hisbut accepted theirthe:epeuaence,oflun Constitution of 1848.to restoredargeruus policyThe assassination of Gon. Vioua is confirmed.haveand tbe t»ellef ivasthe line has uutlived Us wings with which tbe ostrich no longer attemptsFROM WA6HLNGT0Nrefutingthe Neapoi-AusraiA.Baron Bri;ce, Minister of Finance, had i>een suddenly taken ill, from congestion o! Dloud, and ex- pired in tbe alternoon oitbe 23d.A dispatch announcing concessions to Hungary Isnow said toof debate, and are pUced at a distance so great as toVto introcnre a retoiatlon requeaOng tka Pra8li!«att» communicate to the Hooae the iBformaUaB laeeatty ^ received retpecctlng the Chinese CooUe-trada.been marked by considerable exag-ter,] wouldin someelailBg It injurious to publie service to have questions that no real ciiange towards llonga/y was uoutem- lesa, this people, wnica oad out abortly Oefore given a iMeniber, In the eagerness of deoate, graduallyhana.geration,currentquartersto fly. Sometimesanaccurateobservermay percetvelets there is also public record of the same. Lord the ilunearians of tbe sympath; of Western Eur -pe.CowLXi stated that be reganitd the motion as a cen- Prince CsAaToarsEi died on the 23d.nn upon himself, and had oome from Pails ex- LATSbT.—Tbe IV'enur Zeitwtg contains a decree ap-praatly to dtfesd bU court*. He asserted that poliitlKg Councillor of State, lanAS Voa PLtnea to piiivii eu fcr ii.diviunvi sejuiltj and the protectiou of in a ilOicuious poaliion. Tninis are taken mire seri-his first Information relaUre to the intentions the Uinisti y of Finance. He is also created Priry itl'glun. li isa known f<utt, a^id whion I hak^e takenously In Amern:« and the scene w.'iicb reeenly-ook place In the Capitol ol Wasniiigton may enable lis to I'omMieteod ihftae stormier times of wtiicb the stre-dkMr, Jons, of Georgia, (Dem.,) objected. Private-bill Day in the House. The House retagted tha consMeratlon of pitrat*ef France was reeelred privately, and the mat- ter of the opinion of Walbwui and tbe com- munication was of such a nature that he was unable to laclQde ihem in public dispatches. Tbe first o(E- cial IntlmaUon he bad waa in February last, and he then loithwtth laid it before the Gorernment. Hedenied that feaen withheld.Councillor.pains to verily, tnat in tbe L.-gatlons tne m ntaters uf migioij a<e actually mure respected anl pruiected, aiiii the leoipit s of God betier fieqaented tn.ui they weie O.'fu.-e.billt.Among thoae paaaed wat (»e aothoriHag Capta,Hcnsoa and Sana to rseeire a eaaff-box aad medalfrom tbe British a lacftsoBial to tkeIr GorenimeBt,asany communication of Importance had dam, to tlie amount of SO.UOO.OOO roubles. It wss not known whether tills wss ebtirely a new loan or Itmoved not tnly bis audience, but himself. He grada-Th* Marquis of NoajiAaBi tfattoB.away from bisbis mo- as bis declamiiloa grewteiland electe<:.la the Hanae of Comtaons tbe debate udon the Re- fcmbtUwaa resumed, but, wuhout acUon, the dls- ansrtOB was adjourned nil the 26th.Mr. Masaay sniwunced that he would not persist in Ma matlak far referring tke bill to a Select Comudl- Ke.m.nt ul ttie Church. Tne interest ofn,.i( tuiaLd tb 8.The n«mrnt is favorable. It belongs not to me. the doo'ed fcuu of yonr Uulioess, to inJloate tne surest D.eanK of pacifvio^ our country, and re^taoUauiugRepublicansof the different aspirants are actively^—,religionengaged>finally withdrew the ret-positioncUmax of to llgoantThe proeeedinca in both Bouses, on the 24:h, were having brcksn out In CabuLCanton dispatches, dated March 14, stare that the rebel disrarbances were Increasing thr jughuut Chuia.whicD I — ofam oer'ectiy convinced, itisttiis: if your were set, their eyea flnshed fire, and all things aeemed^ ^n"!uth°r'fMa'i;un.en.. oathstmimportant.The frauds committeed by W. F. Puixuoaa, chiefto ail ministerdetaiteis in London. The entlr* loss wUi ment.TBE BEW-TOBK WAUBOUSE INTESTIGATIoy. Mr. Babb hat Ittaed a call for a meeting to-mo"0*'Ckaries Masaschnsettt JosephB,F.Osgood.ke mei from£l»f*»itvKk from fond and capitalizedThestockofTeaswas and very ligh>,wereihf- 8^e^the Bank's proSts,a sum ofsupplies; Massachusetts; Isaac M. An'rua,. i."unfounded.^__^^_^^ INDIA AND CHINA.ApaatatBeat- 'r'^' Ommwr.RUSSIA.the floor of the Hotiae of Commons Is no k tihe oniyto the New-York Times, WisniNOroH, Sunday, MayLetters from Berlin state that thefor the Russian loan were believed to have oeea ef- fected with Bamao, of London, and Hopa, of Amster.t-But buMevertbis may be, it Ix the irener^lIt ^eems ihitona recent occasion a certain TAt. Lt'vrjor was declaim-ng, with aU tbe ardor of an en-the sum eoniisted in wbole or in part of loans for- merly announced, but not ;et placea-Tile London Daily News regaiua tbe statement asraiidare busily caucussing, and the f^ieadiAI ^UlCalcutta telegiamB give rop«rta of disturbances tie Holt See lu Italy. And yet 1 tblnk ity my duty toThe Governorwersons to hue nertcntllie tlmts, tbf g-owlug t'oweruf tne principle of na- cashier of tbe Union Bank of London, amounted to It was rumorrd at Shanghai that the four war <labi*ltues. Ibe llre^lstlOle uutouret wblc'i forces t:ie te Iks enar>ious sum of i360.00e, (nearly tl.l'iS.OCO ) veEsels wblcta recently proceeded to the Pecieelee iiali«n» to form a uniun and itn iM-gajiizatlon c^uf-irm- wbteo places him at the head of the class of Rivtr, carried an ultimatum to the Chinese Govern- anlrtotbe rules adopted by alt civilized na:ion^— ibuulo believe It necessary to reclaim my frank and loyal succor, tb.re would oe a w.iv of estaollshlng, no> Mii> In ttie R.unagna,but also In the Rarefies anilinen.ierConnecdt^tvexhausted. Sales were made at full ill Omorla. a sraie of tilings which, whll3 tberaserred prices. pres^rviugand it appeared at one momentof hto Special Committee on Publie^e""* «e«^ Albert O Lawrence, Cleveland. Ohio, Tha»-willkc ttanefened back.the present reserred fund willbe andsw^away, the remainder will be proridedExchanges were unaltered.New-Yoik,ana summoneds. large nt;a;t>«r;fcr from the proflu of thequent canted on nnsuccestfui stock operatioBa fortwo DjtcQ Captains having been muidered In Yokohama, with-;pen..«> vviinaM .yean, and bie frauds were carried onstore order Speaker;f-e called tu hisaid tbeBy anthorlly from tbe AdjutantCenerai's office,Omaha, Nebraata; ateom<ntoigfd.patabook, repre.ei,Un« anofaccount the Gommeicittl IntelU^eiice the Bohe- fei^tiuns into ccisldera'ion, dictated aa tbey are by aMdetaebmentofef Flist r-rex.., I... ieffersonUeul. Cot.0... A.ljutant1^ Journalsays-<•-' .preient year. The delin-The Cbatrmao of Cnmmttieea struve In va n to re-ABHT INTELLlOtKCr.Jusboa Sporlng, Pnitodelpbla.C. Wright, Low Koch, WisconsinJvanta Honry Zi. I/Otl«i«a«afc with the B^I;k ofIWriMratef the Union Bank were* quoted at aTha M*ti o' B» OaaiiABs, Lord Steward of thel d, goef,-lo Canada U the the Pffaeaof Wslea.bjrmian. LOKDOn HOKIT MARKrr.In the Departmea Barracks under command ofW IUQoeetfahtfhaLieut. CoJ, CwatACS HiOle Mffltary Secretary totoSome encourased tiePl.tbaurgh theSecondArtillery,wL.rln tooilier.*'Englandand lh»t with his habitual kiiidnets ha will bestow upon"Cnalrman of tta^apobUixbymeaasafaout giving offence.rateduponrecruit,.be seventyeith. Cavalry, stationed'-'lTM Canada West.— JiMmal. A*»e«ir*.. ^. ^"^ nndentatfhal;rethjueofAlfiirs in community was inbad Deco'oegreat apjreheniloo,JapanThe IjOndon money market cotitiuued easy.Tvaia, '6th February. 1600rent battle rear Aldersho'tseemed inevitable.^ia«r>ratiaa'lu the open marhat the supply wa> g.M>d at4J« V cent., and ihera ware but few appicaiioaa at toe Baak efHinor- pklr oll^ and placeftr sixty dayahas U, Afsistant Surgeon BAaracLenxw.beengrantedbe to of courae,Eseland.The (lock nchaoi* wat daU.The idea which yoor Majesty hu soughtlets waillaeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comnatarr, vent led even at that Corny mo-exporters took 13.600 bales. The market was active and steadier, but holders were preutna their stocks on the market, which prevented quotable improve- ment..teniiBienis wbicn leo turn to aaoress bi(B«elf to me The Moorish Plenipotentiary had arrired at Tetnan, on iM«occ<.s OIL Tnis i should not have neglectedforeign occupation Legations materially for the worse. long Ume bean ccnfioed to Bolof na, wlilch has never vetyto do un'il now, if I nao out w;itte(l for, tbe Congress to ai seiubie, as it ha4 been res^ilved. Exacting to tee tbe aa^emb>lag of the Fleni3oteutl«nes definitelyMasbid, Wednesday, April 25. 1860.The official Oazetie promulgates the convention leguiar u«ub>r reply to tbe uuportam aigameutsbeen a part of the Romagna. I might say that theTha ILsta Fight far the ChaBsptoaahlr.From tke London 21. Ttmet, AprUand negotlatiass for canning out the conditiona ol peace had commenced.uidversal was forced and not vol- suffrageTitm tha AaaoelatadBTATI or TBADE.penalty those which are yet to fol-;clored quiet; Mixed, 3As.'a3«a. 6d.Yellow, 37s «(Sgned,) PIUS IX. Tatioak, Feb. 14, 1660.^ thmtgit- proper aad. ll^Red, 10s. 6d.®10<. lid.weep over the scunJala White, which have takea place, and the frightful evils whichlUffti^>firm at full pricesThe weather tbronghont England continned cold lla®l2^6d. CoaR had an atvanctng tendency, but have struck poor Italy under your coopeiailAn.White. Sgj.alOs.WAUniiD, Nasb & Co. report Coas 6d. better forgood quality.LIPZBPOOI. PR0TI810H IIARKIT.FaoMadvleaa, taiBisr was heavy, and prices easier, though quotablycalamity. beenwaitedcttuded upon, I that 1 might ilien in a moreof in tbe Ic tier wnicn hoix'r to address to me.>ua nave done me thehat been before the Corode riiiBialllaa corrolKirates Mr. BaAB't taitlniony abovt atflatlaliaaafive thousand dollarsfor the support of newspapers to sustain the Adadata- tration Lecompton policy In Ohio. Bxab «-^««— «h«e Senator Fitcbb)influeijce,uppi^i-A oe>oted ton ui Uie Cnurco, and descendant of aana bei m'Distert. And silll more, even if 1 were nit vious occasion, Hez!iai> was not present, and no rea-held bt solemn oaths to maintain intact toe patrimony eon was for bii- absence, rivencf trie church oaths which forbid me to enter In.o tkat It did not arise from ;any arrangement, which bas tbeobject of dlmlnlshiiig venting his coming out, though his left hana isgavethat tha tana her augukt Cbiei. Ne.er has it oeeu, n^r is tt iiow, my liitenuon to fail shun ol my duties as a Coinollc sovereign, or to lessen, as far aa it dependstlfies to having talked with Jomrsoa on tiie sahiaet,t,tople, whicb Divine Providence has uouA'Jed to myon the contrary, against an usurpatioa Hixhas's friends, and, tix a proieet, the equal alacrity byguveininent.I have always to recoaciie soughtparaoaawha (>' •direcuon of my luieign policy.For many years Italy has been agitated by eventsfollow therefrom. I am that Your perBU,idedin leading again, with aspintmore tranquil,unanimous in their wishes tbat the affair migbt be settled in a kinder way, and that the men—who had already proved their unflinchingThe of the same offise to now Argue. payglna ta— which all tend to the same resui;Majesty,lef a prejudiced and better instructedbricUayer,renderaed tu all public IhUiebta,maintained parsingtrauq liiiity, in the m.no i.f tlie member th»t oe Siis placed himselfsovereignI wanted to deliverItalymore will be done to SAVias. The great re- justiceof the Baltimore and Richmond CoaMlt.tne aid ut aii peopte of tbe Peuinaula mUPONFrom the LowtonWuaidiubecause that was a Itoiy duty fur every Italian citizea.coovic- arrangements tloii, tbkt ti e G'jveruuieut ul ifuur ii:,liue'8 cauuu:0.oDtAlii thfse wit&ottt tce provincesHouseThe Houte went intoand abuuiinatlons ef negro slavery. His eloquence offered to bet $10,000 :ha: Dooeijte would ba nomina- of Ohio, (Rep.,) brieffy advocated tbe protectloBetn,.toym-'utYour Uoiiiitss Cdnuot cedre this, lis generius behit and evangelical charity will not cju?e it tu the spiling uf CiiriMliu riluou fir tne sake of regaining a pruvii,, e. ..b'cD, whatever the tesult of ttiewariuiy be, wt'Uid klw a) a icm tin louraily lost to UM Guveru-lightened patylot, )i> a committee of the wnoieagaiiiof Hruis and I'f foietgo truoifs.on the sta'e of the Unlm, tbe mauifold evUs againstMr. DobOLAl' filends are sanguine.One delegateComtBittee, domestic manufactures.solid fouitdatlons tne and the authort ofverysedulously depiectiting. Daik grew the f«esof "Jie Soutieinera at this unwelcome and Lrritaiiag ap-Mr. SxiTABS to Orertlaughed.Gov. CBAta to here canrasiing Ushas l«>aHolliieKfe tdking inru coii„iletatlnti the necesaitlesto annumin the lan-t of lio-r- Mr.irjie and:to the CbU'ob its supreme power, and atsuring to thetoveielgo Pontiff aniurlons p.jsltion at the beat of worse. The foreign tbe Italian nation, would at roe same tlnne leave tnepopulation of tnese provinces to participate in the b. ueft's wbl'*h a strung and really naional govern- mfiit ssvu'es to the greater part of Central Itaiy.I IK'P^ your HollneSK wiil de'gn to taHo tneie re-representa-of w.t-Jerreyd..re R. Chaae. Cleveland,vine, Ohio; Robert H. Folger, Maaallloa^^WJiMie^s^&S"^-^'tas^^^^#^^''^'i^^^r-7--- '-^•^•-^^'^''^liiiMiV'"r'-^ii'ri'k:«briii^iiirfif"'^^'^fir'(iirere heart, devotei altogether to his person m.- his h«l> bei'tdicton.D'putySergeantatArnitdid,Indeed, butha pBTle. appear;TheGor. Morgan, the efficientaa National Committe.. since.;VICTOR EMANUEL. LSTTxaornarepstoriotoaHtnim.Untitled Document:(Signed)gentlemen were hetlnnlng iaUnr'Ingc-ia>baiaBts,whileothersofatedtlerandLeave:Silf to;StatetM]alat«ratTada,Japaa,to coafiTMBdvateTheSoeaa steady. Covni quiet. Rici steady.39s. for new and 28s, ed. for old. Rssia pendence of Italy, have beenorder toglingIndependence.Loanoii, Thursday, April 26—P. M. Bat tbe which has thus taken affecta change place< titude i it to far too bad lor that. Ttie real cause Abont two- thirds of the New-Ycsk State iforMoney ":delegatet 1to flie.he recovery of beronthe let-Wirofludemanded, eveu tupreventmoment of debate from having re»ur«e to theiiprotecting ofgrounds.unanimity.Thetcwisheswerenotatten<<edto. And,neverthe-;tnls nationalTHE LOVEJOT SPEECH.deeming virtue of the prize ring—a love of fair play—never betterand the fact of both menprotpectotlous. Large numbcri .paid their retpectt to DecoLAS thto afternoon.A Voice—" That's soof soomcnt referred to in private correspondenee un- plated, and that the object was piooably to deprive tui-b unmlatakabie i^roufs of its discontent wltb toe tlidlig away from hta prupi^r p.ieltton and edging THE APFBOiCUING CONVENTIONS. Mr. Euon, of Masstchusatis, (Raft.,) atkadlaaradjesandin ar- combinations. Senator 'Wtoa and Mr. Hioa- BAB will be pietentcd aa a wtnalag ttckat la ease^n,at>iding t ace.Special Dispatch.Italready on the point ofrataconntett pierallad,prelladaailaaofpeaceof censures: and eren of safferlagptebablyTHXLiTTiB OP ricrroR imakoil to the popK,MoiT floiT FatbibIn the Romagna Impose upon me the duty of explain-.Ten yeaia of unintampted foreign occupation ef tbe Romagna, although a grave olistacle to the inde-and the ttlmnlateexertions of a great nation strug-am not violating the immutablearelgn, 1 bellere Iprinciples of religion, which I gliuy in professing with a filial and unalterable derotton.jasticcke showed that the present state of things doesWestern Repnblicana. ..''Consols close at MH'SHh tot Money, and 94^ a tke political interests of the nation, tbe security of of the lamentable scenes which disgrace Ameri-the Sutes, the moral and ciril condldon of society; tt can public life to, that the franchise to so low and In Congreta hare been atiteBt the titoConsols;The Daily Neva City Article sayt•ffeets ttie incepeadence of Itair, fur which my father8«cii&;ed hto ciown, and lor which I should be willingto sacrifice life. The d fficu:ties one encounters Thepact retitrsed last erealBg.necessarv. All the States bare been to ac-unknown to him and to each buttions generally were pretty steady. with firm feeling on the 24lh."little business. In the Share marke If your BoUness should receive these frank over- and them there is as little sympathy, intimacy or in- tares with favor, my government, ready to render tercourse as between them and the member for anyment,veryla Railway Shares market, business is almost at a stand still, the Eettlemeat, which will commence to-an oligarchy of men ooscure, uneducated and corrupt,who haveforced or itUrtgued tkenuelvee into the poaifion who of commanding <Ae nfragee of tke people. Therefore ItatfromI him to facilitate tbit of the name ol tlie man Rolmess, bisg enterprtoe my munity, they do not eren inquiregoveri'ment, which, on Ita part, will neglect no meant whose roting ticket to placed in their kanda. Tbey The Fnndi opened fl:m, at yesterday's improve- and spare no paint to arrive to the end desired. nerer tee mm, he never sees them. Between himBETWIEN TICTOB BMANOIL AID PIUS IZ. ments a durable basto. lowen to assume, even from the hustings or the plat-;tbe follewing Interesting correspondence between the and the whole world escape the <io»9 tplrtts glow calm,meeto at Chicago on the same aa tha 1 daymottKing of Sardinia and the Roman Pontiff, concerning respoi'SlbUlty of such erlto aa might result from con- vith every fOstiUt advantage ta tkeir favor. They cant. Tbey are aioatly for Sbwabik.the annexation ef the Romagna to Um deminions of traryCHB DtKOCBATIO WtUB.The factlOBt of the hare DemocracytheKing,pendingNora : nmaMajxsttthat have takenThe events placela the numbers included in each constituent tiod]^ we each other in both branches of Coogiaaa.coonaels. InthtocmfidenceIyour Hobnest te give me his apostolic benedictioa.Tcaoi, Tuesday, March 20, 1860.—because the franchise has been too low, and the txinstltuencies of the electoral dlBti lets have been too numerous. It to nnrea£:>nab:e that when we toIn to this universalYesterdayendeavor to arrive at some decision that may bringpMslaggaidlesaofthe nmnlng fire of eoameati and late^ jeetiona with which he was greeted by the Sontkerna ers from the other tide of tbe Hetue.Such to a ptetnre of a scene to Congress ea the Sthof thto piesent month of AprU, 1660, and snch teenesare enacted in the Leglslaturee of tome thirty States,to say nothing ef the Territariet, which Bake op thegreat American Dnion. Gieat indeed haa been thechange since tbe days of the first Congress, when itnset In doubt and uncertainty to rally the energieapassad.denunciation of Slaveiy anil slaveholders, utteriy (t-WAantatoi, SsBdqr. The death of Hon. Towbimb WawvaIntohave as little dreamt of interruptlBg their deep and an aotire canraaa in theernmtehnet When thla foreign occupabtriookne cdaomwen,toaannd countiy by scenes like the one we hare just de- They held a rery enthnMatlieandIt was stated that Anstria, Russia and Prussia had BaiAbaTpm quiet bnt Steady. Scoaa tteady. Cof- anil i<<t<aMl*h tt again. Lefttathemaelret,thepto- most when KingCBAaiM i»metotetaaaatha Five next Noreabar. They will Inagreed to tke proposition that the contemplated Eu- ropean Conference of France on tbe Swiss qnestionshould meet in Paris. The Conference, it ispre-bfgcaRicbabs can-RepubUcan. HeBO peraoBTVloataared bit aid In helpingtoerening,wfll eoattnnxfinn. Tia in demand at 10s. 4d.'315i.4)4d.good ple of Konigna, although reported angoreiable, Mcmbaia. Tha Aiaariean RerolutioB wjhMpotRica firm. Taixow quiet. Liasxan Ou 28s. Fia nored by a conduct, which matllad tbe applaose of tliletamicCB «o1f whoOaBsonr, «af whs wcoiur»a6ge., akwakd oOf add^C^aA- alfhWailacb,waafonnetly n-«.hH iirikapfc -^.; '/' of the Iile of Wight at II F. M. of the 24th, Austria, France, England, Spain, Portugal, Pnissla, Consols closed on Tuesday ai94li«94H for money But the nneertainty of a precarious ilbuttlon, al- Whence hat ailicn the difference t The antwer Is watfhlrlyetoctadM9islastyear,btitwweiMklrt' '.re-sumed, will be composed of the following PowersThe London Moner market wassltgbtlr easier. andaccount.eanldM also Intradoced amongst them. beneath thei. of Bath, bound eaat.tStk. the American abip Uaac Weti.May S, Britiah ihip atnry, off Blid Rock, Golf of^at Lawranco. May t, Britiah •hips Pride ff Cmnaia Oiuat (/a* Lakt*.Tkt steamship Citg »/ W—kingtim sailed from Llr- •jped at about the same time aa Ike BeJknuaa, and iM fke mails ibr the United States.The tteamer BrazU takes the place of the Circa*- aias, laaTlng Galwa; on the 28th for St. Johns, N. P.,-mANew-York.THB GBJ5AT FIGHT.A X<*tt*r Aran Jeka C. Heenan.report which waa current in London that annexation—and tbe number of roters who hare ab-asaa tad died of erjiipelaa prored to be utterly stained from roting Is rery large. The latest dis- nfoanded. patches show an immense majority for annexationaad fair, and middling qualities slightly dearer. BaaASSTom steady,Paoniioat dnlLPaosbct unchanged.am always olapoted to render homsge to the supreme we have ever eaen the same subject treated with«[ mmThe roting on the' question of aimezatlen to Francetook place on Sunday the 22d. A dispatch fromChamberry in the Paris journals says the enthtisiasmwa« immense, and that all efforta to induce tbe peopleto abstain from roting eompletely failed. The wholenumber 'of roters In the district of St. Jean Maor. OS for Account. rienne hare roted for annexation to France.:Russia, Sardinia, Sweden and Switzerland, who will be represented by their Ambassadors to Fiance.splendidiUtlf.the constituiional raoarchy of PiedinoDt, 1 was sound gave on Thursday night to the House of Loids lion to Judge DooaLAa, and it to pnpoaad ta tlntM ^':The Paris Flotu- market ms firmer, and had ad.raaced one ftanc per sack. There was a short sap- plyofWheat,whichhadadrancedto70centimesper New-YorkCentralSharesat7l«72.i!«.""-^sack.The Boarse on tbe 24th was flat and droopingrentes closed at 7or. OSc.TBS Ton IK aayoT.Loason Stock Excharox, Tharaday, May26kAMKBICAN STOCKS.Sales had been made of liltnols (;entra] Shares at 4 4aatt will ran twa tlcketo. probaUy Baaaas aM«42 discount; do. Serena, I860, (Freeland,) at 92;Tke rich kave leana M be aekanud their ofMAoaniiBB. Tha RepuMlcant here, eapada^f ft*Erie Shares at IiJ<;da third at 7i3i; mortgage~Bondtready .ptoloDgad, was a peril for Italy Europe.end foronly atonod wptltakint;ht(tiaketktittmsaftmtauttnciuanodfkaWtaiuelmgtkfemmamre gout, »/Kko created tktm, Tke tide of Demacracy kat ttcept ever Ike Una, and leveled nerytUagr Ikat rtood al)oveontofitby f^aodolantrotaiandretiiiai. TkaINM»>--^.the late contest to a satisfactery and amicable con- woich are equally well known to your majesty. I clusion. SATXas again attended, now bearing scarce-but whatfollow tbe arguments of your majesty, is the immo- lality, which 1 see continually Increasing in bts do-m ana the Insults thore ttirown i:p'in religion niuLS,aiiiina;imposesan act wntch mightleao me to sanction and participate mdirectlyiotbese tually lost by SATias before tne fight was stoaped. came to the of the GottagaemaaartaUy dlsordeif, and to sld notbing leas tban a jcsiiDfatton As a matter of couise this claim is u.terly repudiated support poUey, mi of an unjuetand violent spoliation. by -ATixs' friends, while the Champion hlmtelf at negotiations wore drepped. Saaatac Area iiCtellkable reaptlon to the projects of your majesty, had betier fight again. This was alto propwed with of NavalFor tbe rest, 1 can not only give no favor- once sngsetted that. If the leist dtiuDt existed, they man of the Comialttee on Thaservice. wbirhtieaddressesme,Willfindnumerouimotives courageandendurancesoweii—mightnotbeobliged TheWarDepartmenthaanotorderedalltbetAprilAmerica and its Institutions.spiritHouse of feet from tbe benches that confront each other on each aide, two para.lel lines wrought Into the matting which the feet of the members are in some degree irom tbe subterranean blast which, rising from the catacombs beneath, diffuses a clocd of Im-claim- the scale was balanced to theofof Commoi.s, at the distance ol about a coupleEverybody may ooserve on the fl-jorthestronglytially a FUvehuloIng lns:itu*-l'>n, infront of theCOinilSSlO""*«>B THE SIA- ' -as If tbetives of rhe jeople were about to add one more to tbe numeions fights which have al-eady given a ciaMlcalthe Speaker, anl the Serjeant-at-Arms. r did he, asfaras we can aacertalu, answer tbe cill or in.iiive himself in the of the scene. TheperilsB. Campsell, Towasand a luiiilpiic sLcnunter after the fashion of th« re-AlbanyIrdeied to rtand aside b« the Inrurlatad aeiiatort,abletbemtel^es in hos'ile atntii^.e.t »a*aHri imea, AprC 21.was cert&laly cent contest,than la the re-!the inauguration cersmnnte, watchmen till Congress shall make permanent ar* -;proper veryNo other mlttea rose.Adjourned.aliy efigeiitiois recsme moremore forr^lbie, until, at theoratuiy, be found nlmself gestlctuaUne violeotlyiavet^hlng funoualy in front of toe Democraticbenches, and, aa Democracy in America Is essen- rangingmen he was wbete most valuable propertvprestigeii'flicate and submit to your Holiness an tden. of parition. Their hands were clenched, their teet'i has maay warm friends, but Indieatlona are aiat heappoiotf^or I < ommissiopertfacts,lor repebtSKce therein. to fight asain. Eventually, a kind of u.iderstandlag removed from Utah. Ten companiet, eon _ I pray God to give Your Majesty the grace cf which to this effect was come to on both sides, and, tbougn from 800 to will remain and will bepa pable, but not invisible dust, over delir..eraUon8 al- prize fight, nor even heard of Satibs till the recentleaoy (Ufliclently dry.not permitted for a member to advance in tbe course fulndda. Aa we have said, they corae frooi all partsforThere to aot a man on the CoatiaeBt wkainterfere with the statue or do It"our ancestors tn :he very hoites pufiiaciousfrom a sUliiog's -.vorth of postage stamps uiifor Mr. CtAwrosB,theGeorgia, (Dem..) objected. ¥8»-^Ut/Urtot l^>IlJe, as t-j lusiiire tt with continual ajpre- himself off beyond the limit assigned to hia motions.lieneiuLS Das governed itscif duiii*g several months But fuch ecceotilciiles have never provoked mcroin a most piai.ewurthy manntr. I'oey nave attend- ihaii a smile or a mimeniary conictiusftess HOPES AND FEARS OP THE POLITIfilANS;genUemendesiringconteat, ai>d tbey slmpiv send their individual eootriTbese streaks tra?e. accord-ing to ancient traditions, the line beyond ivhich it is age in de.'entiing the English belt against such fe*r- and It was desirable and necessary to empl^butiora to him to mark their admiration of bis cour- of Ei'giand, Ireland and Scotland, and contiitn sum-tamount appropriatedvaryingto note s forran gementewi:i rot be happy till thto money it spent [Lsagh-Engliah aoTlioeegreat men wouldof thto Republieani city arenot arise from the oeliberate choice of the mul- TBE DILI0ATI8 TO THX DIHOCBATIO~'^ The Repnbllcan Butbert of tha Hooaa wOl, te itm,^ there Is likewise ao movement of importancet bumaga to tbe right sovereignty of tbe Apostolic See, other electoral dtotrict. TAe /^pillar Sovereignty kae most part, remain away ftom Chicago dnzl^. tha ^London, Thnnjay Erening.TBI OBiOAGO coarsanmr.the conatltaenclea are so that they do not largeNeatlyall of themtbb national union oormno*.business it is to relieve the elector from the care ofIn all the modifications of torereignty, justice, and aoneldeiing who is to be his representative. Tbe Texas. Hattra. Bone, Baxaa, it..T.«.» a^dOregon, on fht Sathareoor sincere intentions, and such are alto, it sot to be wondered that they bestow that be doet not rapretent the people of that MlInttaocct pilcet are qiutad aboat H cent, lower than I believe, tbe wishes of E>iroDe. And since I have their patronage on men of their own data,and humbly pray have failed mainly for two reasonsChtucb, imposethe do'y on your Majesty, as he writes me, to render we notofAmtncakenefailed,failedtignaUy,at least notiilasoitof the willnotbetoatsimilateoureooditiontothatBON Darit hat the floor In thecouiluctin totheseevents. ofAmerica.Thattecurity have yetreceived, thebatlle. IttoezpeetadthatDoosluwilloaaiv.me aeconnt of bit regard1 might confine myself to dtoputlng eeitain assertions contained in bis letter, and sayuw for inttance : Thatfore we venture en a step which, ifit altera ma^ verymust altar themAnti-Daaglatopenlyboaxt tiiattkeybarWiBBUWiwafit>m saying what my opinion It about it. again met at the office of tke referee tai the Strand, to Harahal JoB>so>, of the Northern dittiit^ oT;Majesty regard suffrage,the friends of HnNAN and Satsrs, Batarday,Utft,as also1 that the Fontlficlal roops have migbt sayever, is stiil powerless, and, indeed, has git ratber worse than better, the whole limb lieing swollen, dis- colored, and painfil in the extreme. As on the pre-The is fuii of delegates, homewards bound. services in laying the Atlantic cable. cityand Mr. TanoLBofto the Vam- speak,will ttand no chance at Chicago.ty, is usually knoo'n as a "IreeBgbt." toriPdaucvtoao,f Sak. Houston seems to be mi>stjy spoken of for J H-.^il. Maitetia, Gewrglaretbe cumlng of what,Learned, Norwich. «al^^bulgb, Uimois; Nelson TnomMUQa,apiliisii g tu bla leet. protected against thesir. Luvejov In cruaalnv ov.-r *o '.he Demncratlc aide Union nomination.; I. Hariaa^ CTo' tl.e Hai'. and ttaiok hla fist In S*r. Lovsjjys face. ^or were the Repuhlic-ins, on 'heir side, sluw tooacktheir chmnloD In bis m'oa'l on We stroo/ho.d of enemy. The noise and tumult weic loeipresslble,reputation to tne Hall In which assamiles. nestes trom your Cltr. CongressliiiDolB;of abaeace Lieut. Mou!iAan,ofin ISM, wlU It will be hto duty,^ to2of tbe Fl-st Cavalry.at»C*oB»va2atStoSa hechaacet,and^^ lekaowi to boused o,Graves, Warehouses in Huston.:Lexington, Keatucay paBt"a;Mr. HiBBif terrtoaa freqaently applnadad by oivroof of our own House of Lorda. ikhh* heWhen all hopes of teeing a Europ3an Cosfress as-semble, to deliberate on the question of Central Italy,had to be reaotmced, there was no other posflble solu-tltmleftthantoquestiontbepeopleanevontheir ictaUk,tkeleanedoftktirknowUdge,tkerefinedcftheir Raolcalp,aiegreatlyineaaaadattheoosMMfkwv'^. fotuie destinies. The solemnity of imlversal suf- r'Jintmint. The standard of erery thing is altered, the GaiuBT aad the IVtttne, fbilrriprrlil iinn. Imfc'^*"^ frage harmg Confiimed the wish for aooeiatiou to tone of ererythlng to lowered. Lord GurCoTToir sales yesterday and to-day, 30.000 bales,lO.OOO on speculation and for export. Market firm the happinets ef Italy. But In tbe interest of psace I state of Americap,ictuIrnedeed, we do not know thatdefinitely to accept It In the Interest of the peace and an admirable of the present politicalIn New York. tureielgnty of the Apostolic See. As a Catholic sor- equal power and completenen. He did, we believe, GixxLiT to loudly deaoonead, portletdaily tyMoMeyaA bmv no more than to the American nation when fl*'^goatdelegateMyron H. Beach, Dubuque, Iowa: Del C. Jones, Bayou Sara, Louislaaa; BeiOaatIaOtTTt^fi—l." offer to iarest their capital in the eatarpclae, aa4 IIkIJ',^newRepnbllcan organ~tf.. CaMMr^ manywarmaapportera. Bbl'tat**-»,wOl ministration. PiOnto;Jotui*«'TM*vSHr^- --'- 