 i,^i-«-*-s^-li«A* 'tfi* » »»^«»*We an MmpeBed to MiM« .0Mt Booth Ctoatea, aad y«^^* oOmt Stataa, wiU itced*C« with too mneb riak.-^ iBaBely tmi^tM wet was ezeeated pnnaant (0 Ma aaataneo-^n th^Mhar uridrtrarwM aegligaBl tatakteg astandioaearfl&irnkii. ••it,tte«pt«Btbesave hiagreat ^eatbi^ «f human bondage. What disturb-,wka^toUoirequiry as an idle one, but no far-seeing man canVANDERVOORT,Clerk.tre da Mt tdaA fb^ right tobut he may be a pbwedess ruler, quite unable toTaimltbaa Abtwtt of cotuseleharl«a W. Baadferd;*M«H,wkichmutttooaiaMBly(waflbctMibymore ingciuaciiMighttooeasUyarisefer defiendantftzttfUn*of nvolii-anbjacjts, R wUl be found unequal to theBaalBcsa af tba Coarts. grrBEMI COVBT—8PI0IAL TEBM. Wb. eterBDc Zsrd, Olark.This branch of the Supreme Court is for heailngDtmuners, E>juily eases, and questions of law.At the January Term, held by Justices ScTnaaLAinim btoafbart fitful- ' W* mb tkat thianwolt merely^lAitea," or nearly all, agraat-EUtny af the quiet,aatotheirowners. Letasupplyofcottonforthe European market be obtained, a> it leill he, fromBCPKEMICODXT—OBAHBSBB.toelAe all tke women and ebUdren,tke"poor. HiQtwBUPtBIOB COUBT—TBIALatd finioaa AboUttoitta, it is sat wotderfial thatAa 8—comingICelly vs. Breusing.—uider affirmed, with $10 eoets. Bcfcrv JwOwi Bvtau-lua, H«CBbo»n aad B«fiD«j.Ve WUt, President, tc. VS. Jamea S. Ckandter et oL— subsequent to judgment, and the defendants Bume JuSijmeut modified ; form of notice to be settled oatkaiwtfcn Demuig, the plaintifftbis action, procure J antrymen have the same ancestry with ourselves, thesame history, the same destiny—if Gol willCharles McKcnna, a yoimg Irishman, engaged ia tbe segro minstrel business at No. 444 Broadway, appoin'ment of Green if they nball be so alvise<l. To was spprehended on Wednesday evening by Officersgiotoidfannrrections,b alMtaftMKMaUi. pnktrkiMvitabl*. Botw* nnd^ of MTage slaves are imported from AfricaespeciallyUdiptote it deeply, ud w« would •UU ventnie W^ knew that many of our Southern friends derideor let it be found that Chi- namen can be hired for a term of years, not at all as slaves, but as day-laborers, at less cost, with bet- ter results of industry, aad with lass care to the owner of the cotton pumtation, a» might tven naw and then what will the Secessionists do Uatg^^ink.thattbawaliaraoftbaaenon-com- withtheirpoornegrolaborers?Itmareasilycome to pass, and that within a few years, that all the re-Tnutet the yew-York efNotes ef Issue are not on ibe calei dar( cidMBa a( ataxia Maans, and laat, tia aandMr, tke milUoaa of colored peo-;sources of our whole Union will be tasked, as were when the Constitution was formed, to—From theNotes of Issue for '• new causes " must be filed onor before 29th Inst, Saturday,Notts of Issue Kir General and Special Terms, must be filed on or beiore Saturday, 29tb Inst.DreUiaaa.BDPBKin OOVBT—eXNIBAL TEBIf. B«lsr« Jwtkw BBiAcrland, Abea sad BooBty. OECUIBBB TBBM.[toall,w« aoppoaa, more than nine-as Trusteespers U!ed in this motion it ai>pears that in March last an crCer of reference was made to James W. Fowler, Esq., to appoint a Receiver of the New-Yoik Marblelaatka of populatton. It is lamenta- 4l|^Baathyhe done;kalaat paUitadea ia pat in peril by the efforts of a haB^WomeUete paUtical agiutors. It does notCompany,manageIts affnirs and Its payi,bnt ttiaally increases, anr coaeem forinto effect a wise and adopt pendency of the action, the defendants, Henry humane policyr BBltitiidaa, ta be UUtbat they are them-and carry towards theGrinneU vs. S uor< et «/.—Non-sait set aaida, one that will not involve both strained from any further interference with the prop- aad Lew iilal ordered. Costs te abide event.fal eanserratirei. We can make erery good ef- of a law passagefor thC^ainc alleged claim, and this time oDialnedSmithtrs vs. ZVn froecit.-Judgmem affirmed, with costs.Fisk vs. AiuJerMm.—Judgment reversed and new trial ordeicd, costs to abide event.We do not doubt the right of tba Federal Oavemment (not to coerce asome persons promulgated.writingfor the Press. It hasjustyask tt al. vs. Fredericks. Judgment reversed and new trial ordeicd, costs to abide event.From the Indian frontier, the last news Is that Col. Baxboba had gone into the Interior with 1,200 Ratea, that was the case under the old Confeder- Eoldiers. Volunteers have beea raised in Lota andtbe itth of August last procured one Jeremiah F.Jenkms, to be appointed receiver of tae Company'saskests and property, and he entered into p issesdionas such, ana proceeded to collect monies due to theCompany, and to dlsctiarge the general duties of re- w lihout prejudice to renewal of motion at SpecialBtata"—the General GoTemmant deals not withMcMaAonvs. Connecticut Life Insurance Company, Order of Special Term reversed without costs and—biit it deals withfor Burned benefit.is the month of Octotwr last the General Terra af-which referrea the appointmeat of Receiver to James W. Fowler, Esq.. and the stay of proceedings beiugGreen tbe Receiver ol tbe Comptujy.Mr. Green attempted to enter on the discharge oflus dunes, but was forcibly prevented from doing soby Jenhlns, who claimed to be Receiver Dy prior ap-pointment.I'bls motion was made by Green to compel Jenkinsto deliver up to him tne custody and possession ot ttieTerm.BvgcTs and Wife vs. McLean et al.atian•bedianca to aH laws net decided unconstitutionaltheby Snpremece^ertoonlyCourt, and to use for thiscompel parposaCoronsl. PallFade forts have nals concerted.been erected,anddeBiand'a free right of way to the ocean— dazen of people amongst ns, who talk glibly aboutTerm affirmed, without costs to either party on the resembling the moon at her full. For eight or ten tion of a person to t>e Recei rer, aad a Receiver was appeal.a re- aark which dissipates the drivel of some balf-ain hit t tie pur-uance there.jf,Warren vs. £iUy.—Order of Special Term with $10 costs.affirmed,citizens)sig-Order reversed ;navy.costs.dated Oct 14 last, whereby he appointed William W. Garrison et aL vs. Chas. Gonigs et ai,—Order ofKew-Toik becoming an indepeadeat StateOb tke other hand, there may be cases in whichThe deaths have l>een numerous, both among chil- tarpa^MBXif the Gaacral Government to secnra dren and persons just entering manhood. FhthiUc isBbailaaieB ta the laws of the country and there tke|common ferm of prevailing disease.; Three or four cvlprlts, recently arraigned for coun-shipB* imperative necessity requires the iaunediate in-—Receive was regular, aad by lelatiou dates back to with costs.Wkite Lead1church In thatA great deal of sickness has prevailed there of lata.anyto caaaa in which the actual withdrawal oftataa wonld mlUct eomparativaly little injury ontkoaa wbo nsmain in the Union. Both these con- cil of State. An absent crisiinal is often tried, not- dliaaa aeam to meet in the ease of South Carolina; withstanding. If condemned and sentenced, it is al-the period when tbe order of reference was gaotedto appointaReceiver. TheappointmeatofJeuktnsasReceiver, In proceedings subsequently commenced, wasimpro\ldent,ifnoiirregular. Inthecontestforandcontrolof the assetsofthe Com- pany I think Green is entitled to precedence, as hav-Goodyear vs. Bishop tt si.—Judgment affirmed, with costs.Halloran vs. Smttt.—Judgment affirmed, with costs. Allen et al. vs. McCrossan.—Order of Special Termaffirmed, wlt't $10 eoets.RoMias tt aL vs. Dillaye et al. Judgmentaad Other extreme Southern States—Louisiana ex- cepted. The interior or' general commerce of theAf- fairs, Taxxb, was about to leave tke Cabinet, and that aeeassi<m will not materially hinder the usual OcHooAviA would succeed him. This, however, istherefore that the other Receiver should surrender ta blm the assets of the Company. But It is sog- by affida^i', on the part af tbe defendants and Bume, in the suit, that Green IsCisricvs. TAc Rigktkravenue Bailroad Company.— Judgment affirmed, with costs.ways with the right to be heard in his own self-defeoee if captured.can be carried an without them. And theirflow af tosinesa in ather States, provided they now denied. ,fVey Ciry Bastk vs. nomas McSpedem et aL—Judg- ment al&rmcd, with costs.••antryForeignAlto, CoL 8AAvmaA,the Inteodentof this Province, is said to be about leaving In order to take command of the army to be sent against tlie Indians at the Soatli.On llonday, the 8th Inst., as Dr. Jas. B. Gouok, Tnited States Consul, and Dr. BAxria, (?) (United States Commissioner to this coast to examine hosni- talE, andieport on the condition of teamen,) were rialog m a gig in the outskirts of this town, an ac-—not a suitable person for Receiver has rival interestsare sererety let alone, and eq>ecially provided they are still treated with kindnesa.It ia just bare, we believe, that much can ba daaa. Let us remember that our Southern coun-parties wbo are most largely interested in its affairsaud,at any rate, let us remember that they and we are cident occuried which put their lives in great jeo-milions of grieving hearts forbid !•auses of such collision wculd be chiefly two:toe collection of the revenue. Other csuses cer- tainly may easily arise, but these two saem to be toeee of immediate and practical moment.pacliages have proved to be stained, and will be sold at auction.The Ameri(*an r^hlp W**kmgtoii has nearly finished IcacJlng. She Is taking In the guano of the Forett Oak, Whin ready, she will sail for Europe, to call at Cork for orders. She wiU be reany ia about a week.Monday night he resumed bis business of danciagaudconcert singing, and having beeivecogDized he was taken Into custody. He wac committed for trial. Tbe man Donohue is slowly recovering from the conse- quences of ids Injury,A TEXT LAKOE WABSBOBX.On Saturday night the clothing store of Mr. Simon Fox was \islted by a burglar and robbed of clothing valued at $200. From certain elroumstances eoa- nected with the occurrence it was suspestod thatMr.and desire in the family of Amor J. WUIlamsoa, who, clothing waa found, the greater part of which was; positiontained. And so for as the slaves are concerned, weGtorge Riynis, WHd Pigenn, William Sfrague, /n» and JekK WeUt, aad bark Context ana steamer Bia-hio, Tills laJt steamer sailed to-day for Talcahuano. The TovimnA Jones, about which exists a vexedit will be remembered, was the Republlcaa eaodidate for Congress In the Third District at tbe last election, aad was defeated the election of Wood.other articles of clotbing. He was taken beforeJusticeWxuhandcommittedfor examination on a charge of burglary.BEIZIIBB or OOUXTEBFEIT COIX.Officer Spelte, of the Twentieth Ward, yesterday arrested a yoimg man named Gardiner Lafayette, whom he found at the Hudson River Railroad d4p5t, corner of Thirty-first street and Tenth-avenue, on ainmay well consent to letum those who escape,whanwe reflect that the mnr4ng away of each slave tightei» the bondage of thousands of his brethren, lust and leads to the breaking up of hundreds of slave lamllies, by inducing the sale of many of their members, to be taken still further to the South. Ofall ill-judged philanthropy, that is least wise andby Benj.A kabeas corpus baring been Issued by tliepresentingleast himane vrhich the off encourages running ofa slave hei^ and another there. It is not by thisleaBa la to come to an end. Thus SlaveryTbis Dat.charge of beiag a conntsrfeiler.posrttsion was found over $350and bank bills, with which he was abont to start an his travels. Hewas taken to Police Head-quarters,we judge, while deqily desirin; to see the peaceful endScFMua C«w»t—TaiAL will be taken up this Term.Tiaa.—No new causesHe states that lie fouad the worthless cola in a pile of rubbisli.af Slavery.As to the collection of therevenue.Itis difficultCKIlUNAIi BUSINXSB OF THE YBAR.Smtemeat of Canrletleas, Aeqalttals, &«., bad la the Ccurta af Oyer and Terralaer and General Scmioas of tba Peace la aad for the CitT and Caanty af NewYerk ta Ibe Year I860.and on several occasions came to the house andabused her, strtkliig her, tearing her clothlDg, h4lr,. &'C., becau&ii she refused to go home and live i«'ilb ber.;Four men, named Francis Lilly, Hugh Morgan,to see method that would be anyThe CourtMUes Sullivan, and Jeremiah Sheban, were apprs-Jiended, on Wtdnesday, by Officers Mott aad Brewer,MONETARY AFFAIKI.altogether satis- factory. ThesecedingStateswill,forawhileat aay »ate, adopt the policy of Free trade. If the Union would adopt the same policy, then no rtiifi-writ, thus leaving the girlculty could take place between it and theBute*in this matter, each Federal Go^^^ermncatwould provide for its expenses, as the State Gov- Murderernments do, by direct taxation: Custom-houses Murder, scrond depreeTbo«e "Hblfted" Bills—The Prlaoner Dls. charsed.ei'PBKMK OODKT—CHAHBKBS.Before JulM SBiaerlmaS.needed. The Union is not likely to adopt this Assault with intent to maimenue. Itwmildbecomeamatterpresent such free-and-eany repeal of our Tarifftransit. These arebat it must be acfcaowledged that U would be dif-ficult to enforce the due observance of ourVwsAssault with mtent to km. 2Assault with dangerous weapons, Ac. ft Rape81Attempt to commit sodomyKidnappingArson (various degrees) 1Having aslung-shotin poseesalcai 1Kobbery In the Srst degree. 4 4Af-Eauitwithhitenttocommitrobbery.. 14 Bignmy S A?'iiu;t amM.attery 111 Kiot 4employed by plaintiffs. driver, however, was not all the time on his boxof necessity tothat plaintiffs were livery-stable keepers, aad on the .113 20th February, 1680, une of their carriages was stand-;prafesaars of the same Christian faith—followers of pardy. The vetjicle upset on the edge of a high embankment. Both were thrown out. Both were im who ia the Prince of Peace. We cannot, wc hurt. Their mjuries were at first supposed to be mc St not treat each other as enemies. God forbid ! very serious. Smce, however, twth gentlemen are Improving, an'.l entire rec jvery Is now hoped for. Dr. ^ was the aiore injured of the two, having re- How can hostile collisiOBs be preventM ? Tlie ceived '« serious contusion on the head. The Con-give them an opportunity- to do so, 1 thlok it proper to and Siinms, of the Ninth Ward, with postpone fur a short time the operation of the order King charged which must be made in the present attitude of the being a fugitive from justice. It is alleged that on case requiring Jenkins to surrender to Green the as- the 20th of October last, the prisoner nearly killed a sets of the Company. This can do no harm, as there man named Patrick Donosue, whom be encountered is only -. an insienificant amount of assets in tbe ban is in a porter house comer of Hudson and Thirteenth of Jenkins, and the injunetion may in the meantime streets, by stabbing lilm with a butcher's knife. He be continued. af'erwards fled to Philadelphia, where he remainedTtje order will, therefore, require Jenkins to de- until he supposed the circumstance had passed out of liver over to Green tbe property and effects of the mind, but be was mistaken in his calculation. Onsul Is so ^ recovered as to be out in the strset.The largu of the .\mcrican ship /to has turned First, the fugitive slave question ; second, that of otU very oruch damaged. Not far from four hundredKow, as to the hrst of these, we may expect theamber of cases of runaway slaves to increaseafter the departure of these States. The Unionwould, by the common law of nations, be no longernder obligation to send them back. Nevertheless, of the fire companies. Ttie newspaper suggests, to-W. H. L. Barnes, for motion posed. _Levi S. Cbatfield, op-;we ought stiU either to return them or to pay for them. Thiswouldbedoingaswewouldbedoneby, so ftr as the slave owners are concerned,—leae we are prepared to tike the ground that therelation of Slavery, aa between msn and man, isday, that Mr. L. should give about $S,(iO0 to the De- partment.The Minister at War Is shortly to set out from the capital for the Indian frontier, on the Soutli. His name is Gen. liANTKL Gabcia.American vessels la port yesterday, Nov. It, werethe ofktrcktli,—This was an application on tke part ofJames D. a salesisan Collis,se-ieiinfa4 24eesaoDists will soon be«om« sick and tired ofbut tbtj will test it, aeverthaless. And then goods being admitted duty free in their ports, how can they be prevented from entering the Union, at va- riouaout leave or licensa from ourTariff? What Is toing a ship-load of silka and velveta to a secession port, thence to be conveyed in many i^ays, at only« small cost for freight, to any market in the Union » Th:<i wtiuld serionsly diminish our rev-The People vs. Mary Moron.—The prisoner was charged with stealing $1,500 in billt on the Chem- ical Bank, alleged to have been secreted in the " in-and their vexatious rules would be no longer Man.«laugbt>r (various degrees) .Assault with Intent to kill1 policy, and it may safely b« predicted that the Sa- Assault with 'langerous weapon, Ac. ... 2Salea at the Mtoek Bxahaaga—Dae. 27. ner garment'' of Mrs. Sparks, a lady in this City, a $1,000 Missouri St. «« «8 ,l<a Harlem R. Pr«f. ... 3tMpolntaKeeeivlng stolen goods 1C. B. forSpeLCer prisoner;JohnAnthon, opposed.MCX*I CIII.&CeNn..RW.BUdti.M Min the with- long-extended boundary,SnkgFundConBs S4!j MO doan from send- pjevent importer4« Am. Vi. Bank Kit,—nicely-adjustedS.MO do It.nro do— Une would become necessary it all places of ManslaaghteT (varieos dei^rees) tp.ic. 86 .sto *42>k da 29 •10 2S'lOHaeon ft West's K. 'JS lONew-Jcrsey R 124'.;Cum.... 76system. Custom-house statiuns on the bord«r MurderIn Grand Itstoodtherefrom'JHto5o'clockinthemorning. It was in charge of a driver TheB« 76SloedoClc. ft Toledo R.happily not vary numerous..B 61£onccning the collection of duties ongoods. Perhaps some method could be devlsoti tosuit the case. We woiuld be glad to eec method fairly tested, rather than waje war on our brethren of the seceding States.We have, as a strong reason for patience and4 —:-<i»track and in tbe street, which prevented the carriage 10* do14%^':i=i, 2il'eu3.0«nlforbearance in this and all other msttxrs. aeonriction that if—the Union will but let the eaced-faig States alone leava tkem to test their mccs- Grr-jid larcenysion Government as a practical thing, showing Attempt lo toinmil p-auwill it require to carry on the adisinistration of Attempt to cuioiiiit petit larciiij'g.^ — -—Government, to support an army ami a navy, tnGamblingforeignfrom Retting unclose to the curb- st'jne. Tficre were some ten or fifteen other carriages tbere in waiting at tbesametime. Apolicemangaveageneralw.imiaglitSoKcllir)>!pas»'riicket*wit!ujutavith'oiity maintain foreign Ambassadors, Ik. It will be Violation of Election Uw-^.fouRd to rest on too narrow a basis. How can aIJbclKeepiii>; di^u'derlv t.ou^es.'.'.'..'...— 10nationonl«.ia,(i great branch of. ! — /'mcomimi* jaciii uf lis ciiitf!:^ ?NuisaiH-e I'"'-'''.'with other nations when it bssfor theIt wiil be found to be atv.-nd-industryemploy-|,un-the G, relator, MaryGlynn,to obtain of possessionhi itself Mnfal a tbat cannot be main- Ships Waakingt»n, Forttt Oak, Frante, Jacob Badger,Identified as to Mr. Fox. The also belonging prisonerhad In his possession a quantity of pawn tickets, re-every— I *• 3"deepi'oigetyBurglary ivuni,..^ ^«grtes) t4Allcnmt t^ i-onimU 1Larcfny iroin the per«cii.them in tbe meanwhile all .^air consideration, it Attenriptiocommhlarc.ny frimixirson SwUl not be long before it will be abandoned. It RectivLiigsto.engooas... " 13 OMamlnggoofliil.yiaL'ie j.reteiiiT^ IS wilt be found too costly. What excessive taxation retularreny II for second oifeinc)" 1:21fieniamin Vaughanappellants,:h30;5>,;260Chi,.43!«! 60 IJttle Miami H ... w)•r too dry a aetowi,nUghiMdmigerttemto do-esse, a new trial was (raalad by the Caul o>AaMBIa,the faack, amga leaving hla baa.OfcUtoa retsrved.Aiaiutos F. Bags attoney fer platntUT; BenjaaaiapeadeneaSecigrtmista. Cotton may bo king,2M males aad it females were s«s«aacsd to be ta- in tbe State Prison, (aevaa af whom were {oirllsiofne.e)d and the agT<Tegate assoont oftlme^f inprls- onment of the raavalkder (W) aaouats to l,et3 yearsand II morths.ISO27 nalA and 2 females to iaiprisonment in tke City PtIfOB.;to wiM lau terribto wUlamflot of thea* the tbosght of danger from these we also know 21kiistfcat tbat others this as immi'fuge.eta. ba rffccted. It i« tke doty of Mck nent and among them regard dangethris letfive weredlspt'Sedof.At the March Teim bold by Justice Ingkabav, thefMitiMM«iliMB t« eontribata whsUver be cu of influenaeWIWe refer not if tens of thou-males and 38 females were sentenced ta be lat- prlsoaed in tte Penitentiary.of tbasabseqaeMlyailUulaaaMar,TerydieadfuL But,passing by,as suppeee negro slave labor to become, for any reason, unprofitable and even burdensome, what thenvrilltheSecessionistsdowiththeslaves?HostWtwevD tba.poUtkal, "fira-aatinf" leaders and of which are improbable, may render negroIke waunn of the' Southern pieepta. The latter Slavery a bondage not to the slaves so much A Hot Coateat—War asBoag SeceiTers."l^f MUck B aka ftir peace." In tbia spiiU of the extreme Southerners would treat this in- Treasury, $1,109 TO.calendar nun.tKred 337forty were disposedta tafe^^bovt a paacefal iaaae ; let ns(tndy tbacausesol up to Ibe 15th, when tbe case of the New-Havenis written.L^ Ma fiiat lay, tbat we must olaariy distingniah deny that either one of two things, neitherHENRY Nxw-Yoai, Dec. 27, I860.At tbe April Term, hela Dy Justice LaosAao, thirty- elf!ht causes were disposed of.At tlie June Term, held by Justice ScTHxaiAND, foTly-fonr causes were disposed of.At tbe December Term, held by Justice Lxosabd, thlrty-mnecausesweiedisposedof.India and from AfricaEgbert Deming,akrble Company vs. Tkt !f*w- York MarkU Company, Btnry Dwigkl and Jamea B. Burnt, ttverally andwbo shouldthey debts under the direction of the Court, during therequiredalreadyllfiliB&TOTofBaeaasiaa., PerkapsthsT are,katJPaa,Ilis«impIybecaTis3t)iey have been lad slave and owner in a common ruin. Full well we erty and affairs of the Compaay, on the ground of deied. Cests to abide event.tokalevaUiattkemaaaasaf the North, and aspec-' knowthatthisideawillnotnow theirallegedfraudulentmismanagementasofficers gain acceptancehere at home. Fearful, hidead, ia their—Order as modified,aitibaisspsnsikTHtj for this antragaona misreitreaenta-ttaa I Beguding tba Northern maasas aa recUeea uem as will invite rather than repel tneir soonRoss vs. Adams et at.in opinion, wltbout costs.—go out, let us adopt such a line of policy towardswas Immediately entered by eonfesblon and consentof hisco-tiustee, Datlght, and the Sheriff forthwith ance with opinion, without costs.home again.FROU TAI.PARAISO.D ade a levy upon execution, and was proceediag to sell the propeny of the Company for Burners t>eut:fit,JuHjr.B inasaaa AoxHA yaUi toba separatedA«BLtfceaL Butwe.Wholira in theFreeStatea,40 know assuredly that this is not the character ofaaycoaaidarableportionofearpeople. Thoughwe cannot hope to couTince our Southern breth-renofthis,wecanatleastouiselTesactaspeace- Themostnotablepoliticalitemis therecenMast come, we can only deplore it, and not cea- from to private^ municipal or public property. It has Coojt'any, worth about (25,000, was sold out un ler ItConkling vs. Tilden.—Appeal dismissed, without been wastretumed unsatisfied tor the balance. Bume, on costs. —Ajnerleaa Skipping aiiCMUeellaBeona lotcNand Dwight were ordered to show cause why they should nut be punished for their violating tie order enjoining them irom Interfering with the property of the Company above referred to.two days' notice, before Justice Sutherland,Halsey vs. Flint et oi.—Judgment reversed, and newC*rTespOHdence ^tketrial orderedTke People ex rel B'tyt vs. Commissioners af Tamea,ffeW'YorkTtmes,Valpxbaiso, Saturday, Nov, 17, I860.of a mob orfort to keep the peace oarselTet, and then, !f war revolution liable for all damage growing out there- ment execution was issued, and the property of theaan aoraelTea for it. Whatthencan bedonetbeen the object of f trong censure and complaint from ta one Demarest, lor less than $0,000, and the executionmakingallpromotersjudgment by df/uut, for about (16,300. On this judx-A new periodical, called the Soutk American Re-Cases victc, Eemi-monthly, octavo, ef slxty-foiur pages, has "tice, pursuant to opmlon.VvUmT^t. Kyan el oi.—Order affirmed, with $!•tta wholemlgbt easily be sappoeod in which tiiis power just been issued. It is conducted by tke Friends ofpowerof thearmyandat an end, Mr. Fowler accordingly filed hisoaght to be exerted. If either New-York or L3u-iaiaoa seceded, how long would the General Gov-araaaeat delay to enforce obedience to the Federallaws within their limits? The many millions ofear people who send the fruits of their industry totoe porta of New-Tork and Xew-Orteans, and re-•eirea'largepartofthereturnsofcemmercaand remainedstationaryasecondortwo,aadthenmovedtoe Mcaaaariea of Ufia tbioagh them, would soonEollghtenment," a society of young men. It IsSpecial Term affirmed, with (10 coats.Uickerson et al. va Benkam et al.—Order of SpecialTerm affirmed, with (10 costs.sredltable.The steam flour mill, called that of St.It is described asappearing witnoat any noise;ItCompany's propertyTerm on order. orIs ad- for sale, the proprietors having had to leavevs. Mums.—Hills vs. .Veu> York Steam Heating Company et al. —Order of Special Term affirmed, except aa to tnat part staying proctedinss In tbe other suit. As to that part 01 ine order, the order Is reversed, wltbout costs tovertisedon account of ill -health.A l>eautlfnl meteor appeared recently In Coqulmbo.city."and assets, and to restrdln Jen- kins from any (urtber Interference with said Cumjany orsaidGreen,asReceiverorotherwise,claimingthat w hen the order of reference was made for the sele:-away to the northeast. A most briillaot object, closelyeither party, at Special VanW^rkitof.vs.Hardyetat—OrderatSpoclalseconds It Illuminated the City of Serena with double the moon's light."subsequently appointedvested by relation from the date of the order, an 1 at-.ammtdon et al. vs. IFoicsH.-Order affirmed, with $10 costs.The Jesuits havejustlaid tkeceraer-stoiK ofatached all tbe property to which tbe Receiver- uponcould properly ex'end, exactly in the same man- ner and to the same effect as If the order, instead of dlr( ctlng tbe reference, had named tbe Receiver.:Application of ifary Conover et al, vs. Wilson.—Or- der uf the Special Term affirmed, with (10 costs.Meckanics' Banking Association vs. ^exo- York andterfeiting money, have been sentenced to be executed. The penalty will probably be mitigated by the Coun-tbeIt has been stated that the IClnister offerted •WightDemingA fire occurred this momiag early. A number of shanties and rookeries were burned. The house ol Maiias Lorxi was in danger, but saved by exertionsHabeas Csrpae Acainst Amor J. TVHHnaaisn SaPBXMZ COBBT—CHAKBEBS.Bcfen Jiutlee SuthcrtAiid.G.the follow ing:,tion growingduringSOUTH PACIFIC.return was now mace, &om which itgirl, CaroUnc Glynn, was found by Mr. William- son's wile at an Intelligence {office, some two years ago. and has lived In his family ever since, receivingout of sale of arms is nere still, of course.ques- tke revolutionCourt, ayear,LAW COURTS AND POLICE.Court CalendarBUPBEMI! CouBT—CiBCtrii.—The calendar willnot be called again this Term.,OTEK A>D TXRMIXXB.prisoners ' trial by Justice Ospoaa.— i S 2 — — — i — — — 5 — — Obtaining goods by false pretences S — —Arson in the flrft degree 1 At(on, 3d degree, 1 ; do. 4th degree, 1.2few days since. The prisoner was engaged te washfor Mrs. Sparks, and for that reason was of suspectedtaking tbe bills, and committed to answer by Justice Connolly.Tbe matter was now Ixifore the Court en aertiorari.(AV lIHich.Cen.R 4«)< «s SCO tlich.So.hll.I.K.. 14f.lKiOIIiQd Rlv IstMBa UForgery IntheSddegreeLarceny from the personGrandlarcenyAttempt to conmit grand larceny 1200 dosnON. Y. Cintrmlis. n lOOMIch.S.hN.I.SS.. 31Selling passenger tickets without au- thorityO'jstrncting public highway TotalGUIXSAL 8Essioaa.OaoTtaMS. A«|WH«S.3SExhibiting theatrical performances oa Sundayloe do.. 54 Imp ATrad. Bk. 101^ ca U.Assault and batteryDemanding and reeeiriKg lllcgalfees...—Poijary ..,.3carnagei>ari„ii«;]e<[reee)"'.'.'.';!.'..i..'( i f„rtecuad offence)..h-irt'lar^- Mo. do.). -» tt 94»1 riage.— appealed.I||„,.^,^„2'wu»i--0,iv.-, cr.' »«ii;e,K;C\ lu be execute-l—."negeiKe Oil IT.e jjurl uf ;l;e t-^uHiij-i.!;Untitled Document,,Gill, iharle? W. b'ki>.lf"rd, for rcSTxmdcot.«, olv 'iTi teriued Lhut thrr.' »>'0* n-i T.ilficUnl LViilenco of iwyli-3 3Louis,MoraigcMotioa denied, with $10 costs.t—City Rallraada—lilabUlty far CellUiana. UAEISZ COrBT—0K.1EKAL TIBM.Kcfon aU ths JndcM.et al. vs. The Hew- York and HarlemCh. BockI.B.M 6,000 h— — 1 I 7!w 9»!« brie Railroad 3.->3t IM do 10do MM*do12 —Jphn....— —•Itime therewas much snowand ice collected on theHailem Railroad.. b3014>541 at ——and brokeaad be waa first degree.eoBvletad tt1 ing-street,nearElizabeth, waitingforfares.360•7 75Vi,1100 doand 21.29] Indictments were foond, and 1)3 complaints and rBaose!siiv,tbecalendirnumbered300 causes. Fifty-Jointly,i>fsaidCompany.pa-boysgirlswere sent to tbe House of Re-were dtsmlsred by the Grand Jury.County Railroad Co.ipany occupied the balance of the term.I.IOTrecognlxanceetoappearandanswerwerefiled, arid 79 were ferteltcd durlug tbe year.Finesandfeescollectedand into the paidslave—one merciful to him and Dvlgbt and James R. Bume. being enjoined and re-negrojust to his ewner— Isaac JR. Folk.—VerdictB«lir« Jwtle*TBBU. for causesset aside, and new trial er-MaUraJmstUm Bataertaad, locrftkAia ft»dB«aBaf. KOTXIIBBB TUm.— Jfswnttal,vs.Mtmittg, Orderreversedwith(lOcosts.JVivi-YsrJIiPacilrtn; and Belting Company.—Appealtaken by rece%er dismissed. acfoKjMtlcniBfnka*,Bonac;sadBofebsoa.^se they prosper the sum of about $I9,00U, claimed to be doe fer cash ter, themselves being judges? But, it they must loai-edby him to tne Company. In this sult.adgmeatkare bacoma in the seceding Statea ; but Time will reveal its and Trustees, from tkls order Oivlgbt and Buooeliitty 'Oe iriUki Bepublicin Party,aMWaiteed;DoriaHstrangethattachanopin-ton abeuld kava bean formed, seeing that theVaititerB papers, kaving chief circulation in the ceding States. Our brethren will wish to come lecelvei of tbe Company.SaaOaniStates,have,persistedinmakinjthis back,andwewillwishthemtocome.Itisindeed thOenortdheersoafmedayonwhaischm,adaendBIamamieedimasttelltyataefitear lamentable that so many of them wish to leave oar Injunctionown mysteries, and we await its disclosures.appealed to tke General Tern, and, pawllog the ap-Inviewoftheseconsiderations,nottoof others, we cannot predict a long Aiture to the se-of Mr. proceedings, rastrataingspeakobtalaedaFowler, the Referee, from proceeding to appomt aUaa'iad wicked charge against their friends and blessed Union. Where can bet- suit agamst Qie Company mhls own betialf to recover affirmed and m part reversed without coats.teal,suymorder setting aside all proceedings in Bume'.<i suitBumethencommencedanotheractioninthisCourt, —ProceedingsofCommissionersaffirmed.—firmed tbe Injunction order of tbe Special Term to be settled by Justice SnTBxaLAaD, en two days' no-The following is the opinion of tbe Court—HoGKBooa, J.1 think tbeappointment of Green asbaugsrtiesCompany.Judgment affirmed,Company on or before the 15th da? of January next, unless In tbe meantime some other Receiver be ap- pointed in tbe place of tbe said Green, or some other order be made In the premises. Tbe iojancdon al- ready eraiited to be in the meantime continued.report— reversed ing, by relation, received the first appointment, and aad a new trial ordered, costs to abide event.possessionMcSpedan et al, vs. Tke Troy City Rani—Judgasent which will bring him In eoaflict with those of the affirmed, with costs.BcfcreJoatMMSatiierluid, AU«11 aad Bvancy. FiBBUAXT TxBM—Cdgar vs. Tamer tt ai.—Motion to set aside order ot Feb. 20, 1860, denied, with (10costs aad stay of proceedings vacated.FaUco Reparta. BANOIKG niS BAKP ON TBI WILLOW.New-York Marble Company, and is hostl e to the— tbat his appomtment was made wltnout proper notice to these parties, and when tney supposed the mat- ter was still open ior examination aad tbe introduction of tesumony before the Referee. As tbe case now stands, these affidavits are not aniwcred, and they show a state of facts which tbe panies la- terested ought to have some opportimity of bringing to the notice of tbe Court by way of objection to tbeFox, was tbe dejinquent, and he was apprehended yester- day by Officer Golden, of the Sixth Precinct Subsie- queritly the bouse No. 12 Hester-street, which the the person of her child, a girl of some eighteen Sum- prisoner had been in the hubit of frcquenttn;, was mers, who, she alleged, was detained against her will searched, and there about (400 worth of ready-madeApplication of MaryGlynn forcustodyemployed byregular wagesdollars a month and herKing Railroad Company.160 do50 do60 do96.K.T.CentnlIK.... -5i< seoCleve. ft Pitts. K... »;getting at tbe ^lesent time three clothing.Mr. Williamson, in bis return, denies that he has atany time restrained her of her and that she Is liberty,now perfectly free to go or to come as she cheoees.The Court questioned the girl, and her replies tub- rtontiated the tacts stated in tke return, aad furtherIn the prisoner'sshowed that ber mother was a womaa who drankwhere be sat for hisKOBBEBY or BOOTS AND EBOES.di.^missed theIn the care of Mr. Williamson.lUrainKetchumfor relator responuent.Robert D. Holmes forof tbe Preslnct, oa of havingand tbe was discharged. pilsooere,»M Mlcb.Cen sfk; 1st 0* d*—ment of non-suit. On the trial of the cause tt5S36200 do.lo the drivers present, would be smashed."to get off the track, or they;Twenty-tliird suspicion burglariously entered the store of Messrs. FaircUld, Walker A Co., contractors for the erecii >n of the new reservoir, and stealing therefrom a considerable quantity of boots, shoes, clothing, dkc, all of wtiloh was recovered. Tbe were committed CerThis was an appeal- from a judg- appearedIM7IH'6S7 Oai. ft Chic. 8.»x. SSbe stood arotmd and about, on the sidewalk. Ac At tbis 100About 5 A.M. one of the defendants* cars freightUne of tlie pl8lntifi''E witnesses testified that the car » ran off the track at the point where it struck the car-Tbu Justice non-suited tbe and plaintiffs, they-Vbbott, for the^ eauFC it to dtf so iearae bv and struck the plamtiff's» 1* it : to recover for which this action was brought.con- 2 tended, among other points, that the fact ttiat the car 13 ran off the track w:is p-i.-na facie evidence of negli- 4 which ought to Lave been submitted to tbe jury, • ffenacetrack was proj-erly iaii.1, a car properly built, suitable conductors and drivers appoloted, and the carwasproperlydriven, thestrongprobabilitywasIt a would make the trip wiihout runnlpg off the track. 1 All railroad business rested on that probability, and it 1 was a basis of legal presumption tbat when a car > runs ell th«ire was tome negligence somewtiere to,r^iA th.i'i*. tliepiaia-1appearsthattae;;daguerreotype.Doron vs. Adams et aL—Order modified iapart specified Bouse vs. Adams el al. Order modified in accord-.COO N.CarDlina St.Os78>i14^100 BudiH.n River K do-^ costs to abide event.«3 3'.,>> S10 31Vdo.Cl«-e Col.* Cla.ll. »•:lO* do.... 75!(;i«0 daslO •a074'.i,60076H...B... 43 ;«Mil.ftMiss.K 9;counterfeit cola33K has 3314 nit M60Chlc.df>cR. Isl. R... 61X USHoIU.CeB. R. Serif.. (».810(0.... *»H..sifaii«(<)« s5 6»ft Ij.t30Ql)t Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 