 1SFTl>itxTnVP»uw>.i»T»KRiiMKi>"irforthorn,aucwella*fortheUi.- CXKATko. th* Bitioc*. and tbo RBRTMATTC. Remember, they takooutfromthebloodtheblackandvitiatedbile,outofwhichIdotherefore,appointTHCRRDAT..-theTWRSTT-NINTHDATOF NOVIOTUKK NEXT, as a day of Praise, Thanksgiviug, and Fvayer, toAlmightyGod,andIrecommendthatthepeopleofthisState do, on that"day. abstain from their usual occupations.'and. astern-matter; that for twenty-five years .past ,the*V"Tito large vote for Bell, and the respectable of the City Hall.'—But the expiring Alderman, w e regret to..' »-'«L*aryof her Constitution, and to the .death or ostra- cism of her conservative statesmen, tho politics of South Carolina have fallen into the hands of' hair-brained filibusters like Keitt, Rhett andGovernment."Poor Starr!' '..therenewalofviolenceanddisorderin'that sectionofKa»»n» we regarditourduty as citizen* of the Territory to denounce this unlawful and insurrectionary act, and to support the Execu- tive uiithoritiesoftheTerritoryinrestoringandpreservingthe public peuce. • •ItesKhcd, That the recent expulsion b y th e General Govern- ment of settlers iu the County o f Cherokee from their hoine.i o a n e u t r a l l a n d s a t t h e b e g i n n i n g o f W i n t e r , a n d i n a s e a s o n off u t t e rAT ETANS\disdain to make the;iperilous plunge with so These,are tho five States which originated thisTrie» S40. (Licensed.)BRST VOK FAMILY USX.JASUU» MKQUATTKN. Oen. Ajront,Wilmington, D«L—And here is what he has to say in the same of invading the -States or breaking up the Courts. He acknowledged tho^Governor's authority,-and,gnsineseJKotitte. JIJI / M i i r m n r " " * * * * * * * * '*; i mmpoli^Cians:fol cio?vvliat.M t^Claturrf^f J^tungs is ik*^submit $o jthe flecisioh; ;of the baHot^boxes. that will consent to strike hands with her, w e to be independent of New-York in the matter <$*- states that Ino i j*"^*^BfisBOOrir and^ COA T*. GoodBlackClothF*ock»Fin* Flack ClothFrock*...• 8ttp«rKiackClothFrocks.•( ........« »••••«#300to 800 10 00to 14 00 1500to 2000Eigl'ty-fonr- yean* of prosperity, isueh m lias boon vouchsafedtothisnation,shouldnrnkeusprntefulbeyondallthe peoplepitheearth,andespeciallyshouldwerenderourthankK- rtviu'gand praiseto Almighty Cod for the blessiucta which, asn State,weh«-»vesopeouliaiiyenjoyedduringtheyearwhichuow approaches itsclose.and a tounionandharmony.sham,Hence weareopposedthequestionsraisedbytheKansas-NebraskabillCMito*r». Pilot, and Bearer Borinww Coat*.... 3 50 to 15 00 ' ;' FAXTa.precipitatingtheirschemeere"thesobersecondthings take a different course is nottheir fault. itself felt in restraining the headlong movement. tion, they will find theplan proposed ratherex-BlackDoeskin*Cloth,andCtlwiroere Fancy C*M1IH«*, Pilot,andUoftver Xxtr* Fancy and Black.. ••••*... 2 50 to 6002 CO to 600 earthv>.ithnnwontedenergyhas broughtforthher fruitsiu rarewouldnaturallyseektoquiet.down,asmuchas .. ; they could, the late violent agitations. That•AH th* mfwvrtyla* of VelvetSUkaandSatin*. ClothandGashmcreV w n .action1!00to 500 calionsundisturbed. , * Considering ihe bitter complaints which are The secession strength in theSouth is over- They have succeeded in turning thepopular cur- We congratulate the Republicans of the Vth K••POLITICS. ./ •UNDERGARMENTS F O R COLD WEA THER.SIUR. WOOLKJT, AJTD MKKINO,return. While the passingyear has witnessed the countries ofthe Old World convulsedwith revolutions or trembliuj; on thevergeofwirr.ourownhappylandhasenjoyedacalmrepose,andthe popular^voice seeks exprtwion only through the peaceful it has been made to play there, it becomes an much more imposing in the hurly-burly of street- possible, and thus carry both-the willing arid theWilliam Orton of their nomination for Council- mart. Theother candidatesontheticket,with one exception, are equally commendable; but we notice Mr.Orton specially in recognition;ofhit importantservicestotheRepublicancausedur-ing t h ewas beaten by James Buchanan. then,atthebead of averyextensivepublishing house, and his presses teemed dnrinfr the whole campaign with forcible prose a n d poetical argn. ments in favor of " F r e e Speech, Free ^Soil and"Fremont.*' Forthatdevotionto'principle,his house, which h a d a large Southern connection, suffered severely; but he has now weathered alf misfortunes, and w e doubt not will make a most useful and upright member of a body in whichEverrafct*andquality. »o«Ube«p.•* Elastic,durable,itosariukable,A. RANKIN *C-CO., -Jio.S3Bowery.#Themen<•-i * IbeMontgomery pany ofGovern X*eavenwortbu ofanyofMon? Judge "yvilli.v ? hmsJl party of } «nce,hayert"ii; and reported-ih! i'ort Jiicott, tL.r ]CONCENTRATED LEAVEN.—It is admitted by allthosewhohavemadeBread,Cakes,andPastry,throughthe agencyoftheCoNCJSNTKATxnLRATKN,manufacti:rfdbyMessrs. EOWARS CMAMBKRUN it Co. of Boston, that it is much more healthyandnutritionsthananyother. ForsalebyGrocersandbe again a candidate for office under the City Government. T h eDruggists generally." H O U S EGBOROB XI. BATKS,fluence of the slaveholding interest. iticians, South a s well a s North,Discreet pol- h a d foreseen•.•'•' :•..•V*. . . *Soloproprietois, Pamphlets gratis.GKROOKT it Co., N o. 25 Boud-st.Tleirlrcd, That a Committee <of T h r ^ b e appointed by tho ( hair for th«> purpose o f ascertaining the facta with rexard to the natureandoriginofthosedifficulties,andtheirextent".Keyolved, That the acts of tho Administration olficern and • agents, with referenceto the Cherokee Indiau lauds, and tlie neutral laud, constitute a seiies o f outrage* unparalleled iu tho. history o f any Government.FURNISHINGGOODSsent to secede unless in conjunction with all/ornearly all,theSlaveholding States. They wouldGovernment. It is unfortunate that thii is au incontrovertible act; nevertheless it is no. and is one of the greatest calamities, iu my opinion,thatcould befall theinhabitants ofthis city,anduntila-reactiontakesplaceinpublicsentiment,noseuKitiveqian' willvoluntarilyassirmetheweightofodiumthatattachestothe poi-ition: at leant, I will not; and with the expiration of the pres-To the Associated Press.XKAVKNW'ORTH, K.T.,Monday,Nov.26,1860. AtameetingcalledbyprominentRepublicans,heldAT PANIC PRICRS. OurusnalSouthernSaleshavinginagreatmeasurebeenstop-ped by reasonof the presentpoliticaltroubles we'areprepared to «fferforCA»H$100,000 WORTH OF CHINA,GLASSWARK,SU-VKRPLATRUGOODS, ClIA.NUXI.lXKS,BRONX**, CJLOCRSaud KANOT GOODS.At pricos heretofore unknown in this market.negro-catching, andnever will! Had they been inclinedtodoso,theoriginal Fugitive lawof 1793 would have answered every p:rpose; since they were not and.are not,theact.of 1850,- savage as it is, amounts practically to very little.agitation of this question.. Mr.VanBureu, asPresident, and Mr. Forsyth, as his Secretary ofState, had discouraged tho applications made onbehalf of Tjexas for admission into the Union.not dream ofleavingVirginia,Maryland,Ken-tucky and Tennessee behind them. This analysis, ent year, ceases all connection between me and the City Gov- on Saturday evening, at •the District-Court room,8TCH TRSTS RPKAK VOR THKMSBI.TKS.A larg* abHorunent on baud at our warehouses,-at low A . S. MARVIN a. Co:,prices.of a Kynders or D e Angelis will embark heartilyXj L . I I , j ^ . m j . u ^ r A - ' , r / i - : -?T*f*7*i|wjti4«i»i*»*;is*4%**/>'^ ^ n g ^ - ^ y ,i >^:-v'Mw.-^yywN^fcArt< J|itkWy.Wii^» *:.?^^*<^W(»^fc^,Vl«(»i^i«*»«W^i«_,,,.lmNo«.©6AJ*I>68FWMTOX-W.OnntcoATa.theSlaveinlieuofallobligationstoreturnfugi- tive negroes. Letit be agreed that there shallK!.»ck•*>'.!BVrscyCloth.••••«.,•• •»»•••••»»•»• .*5 00 to $13 oo B!«rkandF»ncyBwo*W.«•-••••...—•........... 800to2000.value of the slates annually recovered. B u t allstipulationsfor greater alacrity andefficiencyiii slave-huntingon.thepartoftheFreeStateswilloftheirPresidentialcandidate,andconsideringrulesthehour,calculationsbaseduponthej R l * c k n n d F a n c y P i l o t • • • • * • • • • . . C«"»«io>»ire.Frter^hiun,Felt,SatiM«t,&c,&c ..6 0 0 t o 325tol f i OOr e c l a m a t i o n .a s p e c t . T o w a i t i d l e i n p o r t t i l l a c a r g o i s s o l d , and then t o bring back th e proeeeds in specif, itreasonableness of men are ofttimes very much rather a slow way of doing business. Our N w . asthussubstantiallydisposedof,theRepublicans, atfault. The.Secession leadersarebent upon Yorkshipownersfinditnecessarytogetafreightboth Ways. 'W e are afraid if our South Caro- "thought" of the rural population can make lina friends insist on doing their own tranaporta*^. -8 0 0I•'•*>to 500 liberty,allclassesandproiessioushavepursuedtheirseveralvo-7 00 t o.'£ . SLAVERY: A S AW E^EITCKIVX IN ©UI*pensive.. •,',.-. .2 00 toerty Knd ixi the employment o f the highest civil a n d relizious1EARL>UCT CLOSED.— Cured by SMITH'S M A G -NKTTCS.VtT»;Mr&.A.D.How.ho.2Kiu^-st.,New-York.For•ale by the proprietor. No.322 Caiial-st., by Barnes Jt l*ark, hunting a fugacious negro and hunting a strayed Wells &Co.,»i;C every**here. ' 'greaterprominence,thaneverbefore. ' South,andHerschelV.Johnson,whohasstaked It is true that the prime mover in this disas- his all upon, this issue, are both opposed to this-—We beg the three or four hundred Southerndelegates to come along. OurElectoral Collegemeets at Albany on Wednesday next, and willbeveryhappytoseethisdistinguishedbodyofSoutherngentlemen. Weshallbegreatlydisap-'• if,-'••' , x .Wand, fl Bay B, .iBchobnet' J CK-hooner > Island. T The bark 1 :U Tibl etju The Colcc villo. A 3usland8. The school cent; she 3&hore ..' ashotv at ]lK)lw,,,d t<:i*. ye«n*rdKADICALCUREOFHERNIA.—Dr.S.N.MARSH,ofthewell-knownhouseofMARSHAtCo.,No.2Vt>soy-st.,New- York,devote*specialattentiontothesurgicaladaptationofhis RADICALCt-KX'iKISStoallcasesofRupture,howevercompli- cated. A vldt to their establijhment will satisfy patients or theirOrstolenhorse,andfancythatallrepugnanceto slave-catching isimpelled byhatredorenvyof theSouth,orsomemoralobliquity,wheninfacttrous businesswasaNorthern man,anditis alsotrue'tb'attwootherNorthernmen^,sitting; inthePresidentialchair, gaveto itthesupporttreasonable.scheme'. Other influential citizensliekolv.ed. That w e condemn a n y violation o f the laws, o f OUT country, and that anj and i si ho. utter a fair and» 8AXK» or RKAI. ESTATE'AT AUCTION.—The folio\T- cracks in the.Union with the untempered mortarJngsalesweremadevesterdaybyAdrianII.Mailer:House and lot No. 'JT.MKlleabeth-st.. 20x61. HouseandlotNo.272Elizabeth-it.,25x63.5..,4 lots cor. Kingsbridse load and MJnh-st., antf in rear onMi!h->t-.each..\ 550 •lotscor.Xlngshrid^eroadandLoth'.**...each t. 575 4 lots on 150th-*t., about250ft. a.of Kiognbrtd^e rood,«*ch25x100 » .,..,,.;....... ' llotcor liuth-st. aiidltth-av., 24 11x100ilot*adioitiiuKonavenue,en.25x1»W.etch IloScor.KU>iJgeroadaudI54th-st.,withbuildup,Hgenius, is held by her considerate people as an erratic, declaimer,whollyunfittoleadinatry-The Charleston Mercury proposes a scheme forinaugurating the commercial independence of: 400 ly>'0matter—and you may ture and restoration of fugitive slaves; but thetain ono of the largest New-York steamers, pro- vided she can bo had, to load her with cotton, toMjiiiiB WEDNESDAY;NOVEMBER 28,1860.TO COBRESPONDEXTS.NonoticecanbetakenofAnonymousCommunications. What- everisintendedforinsertionmustbeauthenticatedbythe nameandaddressofthewriter—notnecessarilyforpublica- tion,bntasaguarantyforhisgoodfaith.Businessletter*shouldinailcasesbeaddressedtoTUBNRW- YORK TRIBXTNR. , • fWe cannotundertaketoreturnrejectedCommunications.ILincoln's administration,'there-is,:inthenature ofthothink the proud Palmetto. Commonwealth will steamers in which to transport her produceWhat isthe difference inpointofprinciple,ftp goingtoNew-Y'orkforasteamer, andallowing that.city to conduct the whole businOsir:0;f th*By Uh 7ixc€lhncyy¥,v>\\inoftheState ofD.MOIKUN, Governor of Nric-Yurk.thepopular decision intheirfavor inthe electionhave yetbeen announced.Butwhen mndnes*The publichealthhasheenpreservediuanunusualdegree;the any such'undertakings. profusion, and comu:erce and the Mechanic Arts have contributedliberally to the common prosperi/y. Secure in person and prop-b y aforegonepurpose,theseE«t»bU»hcd In 2823.SUDDEN GBAXOES O F WEA THER are very trying finite in number us they are altogether unmerited,weishould serve to show that the statesmen and politicians that must ultimately pay them.THESWAW-SOIWOFSTARK. Although the Alderman of the Ninth, in his/f.' •i-'reverently bow our sphtts before tho throne of the Croatllulor tothehe*itb,ai>despeciallytothedelicate. Butin BKAN- of"theUniverse. .N•••3&4 Caaal-st.,Ko. 4 Union Square,andby all dealern.351 CERTAIN IrLvTERlALS AT PANIC PlUCES! Jiiylthou»und ei^-ht hundred and sixty." 5'';•• By theGoveruor, EDWIN D. MORGAN.' t •*• . ' «• SATIN DTSI-AIN*H DAMASK?* 1 50, usually «old at $ 2 00 75, usuallyaoldat 1 0 0GROXOK EUKS, jr., Private Secretary.by the City of Baltimore, wliich arrived at this portyesterday. Her latest dates are of the 15th inst.S51 KKP* ....:I.ACX CERTAIN*! NoTTfNOHAH LAC* COKPAlXa!GIL T COKMCK*. VKSTIISILK LACK."Be*t FRXNCR BKOCATKI.LK. , •W*XNS»OW SMADKS—Butt, White,and Gold Border, nuwe and1 .">0AHreduced20perc*nt.FXROCSON BROTURIW, 351No.351-Broadw»y.OneofHERRING'*PATKNTCM'AMPIONS.VKKSwasinthefire h*T«A/ry~*-if/ht horm. Content* all right. JA.MJCS FARKKL.1 25, usuallysoldat351'.both usefulness a n duprightness respectablea r e seldom soIn tumble acknowledgment of these and other mercies, in?campaignin which JohnMr. Orton was#t£V -v|^^liw.A$pf$£ j^gg&iti®proveanillusiongreater exasperation and alienation, rather thanSlaveryquestionasbeenpersistentlythrustuponcanceroa* and other tumors axo made. Their energetic uxe blin^in theirplaces of worship,unite inhumbleoxpr<;.JsionHof them; and that the Slaveholding States have .of tho Union alone. They may utter incendiary inch than even he could have intended, there isaCrsw I.vrtAM.vj.iTioN-.andPXJSVXNTSFKVKKH; 'THJJY.intact, R9TOkC-X»AFKI.X,but XSSROXXtCAJWX, .the ORBATCfKATlTKgratitudetotheGreatAuthorofeverytemporaland spiritual themselvesandtheirownCongressionalchampi- philippics, andmountPalmetto buttonsandblue blessing. . '"**—..wy^.,,. ^,,,...»...,|liji||^^^r«)M^^<^|y»jw<if-rtw«^w^.»fy>^Y^i»-'-^"-^t-v^'yi<^^^>'^*i-iiPW'^'^^ ""•*>NEW-YORK DASLY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28/1860.fimpossible. .:,..., If any newcompact were nowtobeniado, we Should prefer onethat stipulated the paymentand calmly to await the measures of case,everyprobabilityfthattheSlaveryandsec- feebleacompanion.,againatthatSuit comeftgninnf1ii and could whinDr.MHton, YortScotton.->} onbusinessc^n ports that MOT?jinfivetriiloM tftchmerrtbnr*«n e r n m e n t r . f f k » - & lave been he'd seemedtobe*lanywaywhat,*• Montgomer'Jonlvtom\w* the Court, MM bis fiiend* ''' would now r-ro •vertiMid for »•e j*es*don of VVr >' MontgotK^rytr Jiurjre, comfp; aiannually of a gross sum by the Ereo States to tional agitation to which the unlucky Kansas- 7''*-y- f .•»"'-. r-Nebraskabillgaverisewouldinagreat meas- betu*moreslave-hunting-onfree soil,and,wemajoritiesagainsttheminbothHousesofCon-H.The proposed method of transacting thebuaUgress, are not at all likely to introduce;any States-for the exemption of four times the cash matters which the.slaveholding interest. wouldwill gladly consent to a piiyment l>y tlie Freeand sotendtomoral to be 'deduced from the portion of it Iuwitnesswhereof,1haveherenrttosignedmynameandnf- onstothankforhavingmadethisquestionthe cockades;shemayholdConventionsandpass printedinourlastwhichshouldnotescapeat-!Wift SpRtfMr. TiociAti ireading aere ,1liis absence. Mr. Ljne.7',-, \.Xnation 'from KJ of the Motrtgo nnd^no attack oMr.BHt",--!•/, politichiiu'.The.town at'< jnandaprrunmi' -"*P*»NCIVLKofpartition.For*&le,price25cer.itperbox,atPKINCIPAK,OWCR,No. [T,.».JthisfirstdayofOctober,intheyearofjourLordoce turningpointofourpolitics..fixedlbe Pri>-y Seal o f the State, at the'Cit' of Albany,/-r; „ •ordinances,andseemtohangontheveryverge tention. .That moralis—Havenothingtodo Commencing with the very first Congress,pe- of secession; but when the hour comes for her with Congressmen or Aldermen, of a certain titions and memorials had from time to time been to actually go "out of the Confederacy and set up typo, nor even with their satellites,- save to ex- Wc have one day later European news, brought presented to that body, from Quakers and oth- aii independent Government, solitary and" alone, pose and reprove their misdoings: for no mattertween !13,000 and 15,000 troops, and refuses toon this subject began again to come before .Con- ing up the Union. Will the ot/ier Southernconcerns Of our.city- we were never within sightSQUIRE & LANDERhavefor aale RKAT. Goi.n JRWKXRT and ENOUSU STRRLINO SIL- leave. Gen. Bosco had gone to Gaeta to take gress—some from Quakers, and others from soci- States, or even a majority of them, join her in. or hearing of either branch • of her Common Gen. Hall will receive a large vote in this Dis-, : : ' " • • •' ••.,•Senator Hap ^nd leaver•<>-jngton. -.« TLtttcr froTheChmlttPresident-.Mw Alexander i;i before. It wa JRericv, wriu, u A Friend to lished verbal i; date, ?/Qtone 4at>>dJun.K,tract!" I do no: <YJCfttrARX5porcentle**thananyotherhouseintnecitT.No. 97 Fnlton-*t., near \V illiain.GAS FIXTURES, & C ,STRPHRN PMitBiN,No.707Broadway, Offer*forSale,atR»»rcxoPKICR*,a splendidAssortmentoftrict, a n d if, t h e small'clique' in Thirty-:exth street withdraw their candidate he can be elected. TheGeneral hasbeen indorsed bythe Taxpayers' Association, the members of which are large property-holders in the Ward.In answer to an inquirer, w e will simply state that the President appoints his Cabinet, like all other officers, " by and with the advice and con- " stmt of the Senate." I t is very- unusual, how- ever, t o oppose t h e confirmation o f a nominee for theCabinet. We believe there wasa con- siderable, though notformidable, voteintheeties, often Consisting principally of women,and this,mad scheme, either before or immediatelyceived the appointment of General in the Sardin- utterly destitute of any political influence. Had upon the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln? What is to escape the shafts-of calumny, we shall feel ian army. His farewell address to his army is these petitions been received and laid uponthe the, strength of the secession sentiment in the safe in the. enjoyment 'of a decent reputationtable, or referred to some Committee arid suf- other slaveholding States? while we can keep entirely clear of the purlieusstv. and No. 3 >.»tor Honse, Barclay-st.~~~ DERBY'S COMBINATION BANK LOCK. (Patented May 18, 1860.)The strongest, simplest,and most durablo LOCKin the world.Itcanbe-thoroughlyandsatisfactorilyexplainedto.anyonein cavalry,.andartillery,and54battalionsofBer-GAS F I X T U R E S .FRKNCH BUONZXS, DIRKCT IXPORTATION, consisting of MANTXX. ORNAMKNTS, STATrrrrxs, GRorps,-INKSTANOS, kC.published. H e urges his countrymen to.be watch- ful, and hold themselves in readiness for greatcommand of the Royal troops. Garibaldi lias r e -Council. A n d though w e m a y n o t hope alwaysfered to sleep there, as had been usual/ mattersPlumbing and Gas Fitiintc attended to a<«usual, at No. 331 4th- events next Spring, when he expects to see au would- have gone on quietly, and the peti- .support of Douglas in the South, must, with someflfffi miaateai A. S. M.mvis ic Co., Sole Manufaoturors, Successors to STKAKNS it MAUVIN,No. 335Broadway, cor. Worth-sU, N.Y . BtmetAR/and FiKX-Pxooy SARKH. (Wilder's Patent.)Of all siaes and patterns, constantly on band snd for sale on the mostfavorableterms. •A.S.M.4sOo.W H E E L E R <& \Vii-s«>N*sSKWING-MACHINBS.W I T H IJIPORTANT IMPROVKMRNTS, AT RKDVCKT*PKICBB. Increasedfacilitiesforuianufactnrin?,and thecurtailmentoflitigation expenses consequent upon recent deciniou* of tha U n i t e d S t a t e * C o u r t * , j u s t i f y t h e s a l e o f W h e e l e r i t W i l s o nmoney, and 2o/a)9Z^ for account.ern diatribes against the North which w e dailypublish, and the still denser columns thereoff u r n i s h e d b y s o m e o f o u r c o t e m p o r a r i e s , m u s ttion that the attacks of THE TRIBUNE have done partieswere generally -disposed to make. A t ware, Maryland, Georgia, and Louisiana; while him'no harm whatever:Italian army of 1,000,000 men. T h e new Italian tioners would soon have given over a pro- .exceptions, be counted against secession. Douglasarmy, is to comprise 177 regiments of infantry, cedure by which they took nothing. This was carries Missouri; Bell, Kentucky, Tennessee,and rest of mankind, but is at open"-war with him-•s•'the disposition of them which the Memberssaglieri. BreadstufTs dull. Consols,. 93$®9ft for of Congress from both sections and all a larger popular vote than Breckinridge in Dela-'T H E"WTioever wades through the columns of South-S O U T M E K Ncirculated in t h e newspaper above alluded to." Circumstances,received, but it may be safely assumed that a however, have recentlytranspired, which warrant me in thoas- Senate against confirming M r. Clay as Secretary eertion that instead of in.juriuijVie, either ;in character or bu?i-••1Manufacturing Company's Sewing-Machines, with important im- perceive that the master grievance therein heaped Burcn being at that time in.nomination for theprovements,atgreatlyreducedprices. Thesuperiorityofthese Machinesfoxfamilyuseandmanufactures, in.thesamerangeof purposeandmaterial,isatte«fedbytensofthonsandsusing them.. Office,No.505BwoAnvrAT.'New-York.$40. PARKER SEWING-MACHINE. ^40.yiRST-CLA«8nOBBIJJTllRXAD. Rapidandnoiseless. UnderpatentofHowe,GroveritBaker,"W h e e l e r &• W i l s o n . I s n o w s e l l i n g a t * 4 0 . A s e n t s w a n t e d . VXKSON &. Co., No.""loi».B'roAdway.THE LADD & WEBSTER SEWINGJMACHINE maynowbehadforFiftyDollars. l.Aiu>.WMB«TRR&Co.,No,500Broadway.BARRIS'S BOUDOIR SEWING-MACHINE, •uponnsisourdeficientalacrityinCatching;andeveryoutandoutSecessionistvotedfor Breckin- ridge. At the outset, then, one.half the SouthGSOORTANCK:that moment John C . Calhoun stood alone in Congress,orwithonlyalittlehandfuloffollow- ers, soured a n d disappointed, a n d looking roundthey press h im hard,in North Carolina, Alabama, " 1 waH apprebprif-ive a t tlic time that credence nih;at have and.,someotherStates. Fullreturnsarenotyetbeen"given,by.thosetov/homIWHSa.utrauger,totheIibeUPresidency, hisNorthern supporters in Congress, especial target of malediction is Northern legis- readily to the imperious demands of Mr.Cal-returning runaway, slaves.Of course, theMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. Tlie Kansas Troubles,Secession'Conspiracy.-'.ITpdn their hearty and transportation of the cotton and the uresubside. Atallevents,-theRepublicans,with promptcooperation itssuccess depends. Inall bocktheproceeds?TH3E STBEWOTBf OFBXCJESSHMV.lauds,thelaborsofonrhu:.bandmcuarerewardedwithabundant madeoftheintroductionoftheSlaveryquestion rated.•Vociferous,ostentatiousaiidintolerant, rentinthesefiveStatestoward'disunion. It CouncilmanDistrictontheacceptanceofMr.While blight has fallen and diminished the products of othermay sweep them to a point where retreat is im- means provided by the wisdomof our fathers. Still,in themaze interesting question how this state of things, so comer harangues than in banking houses where unwilling over the precipice into the chasm.of eventswhichcrowdthepresentnonr, we aremade'to feel thatHewhomweshouldble^sforourhappiness andmarvelous prosperity is alsoworking out a brighter doatiny for other na- tions.much deprecated andcomplained of,was broughtinto our politics, and the dominating part whichit appears greater at the hustings than the polls,1 'bills of exchange are discounted, ortho rural about. A.slightretrospect'ofourhistorywill districtswherethecropsandthomenaroraisedoftheNorthhave never takeu theleadiuthis Whatever South.Carolina maythreaten,we diatribe against us contained in his spcom,•;'opine that Rhett, Kcitt and their fiery followers, announcing his withdrawal frOm public lifj, will havehard worktopersuadehertogoout probably uttered more falsehoodstothesquareers who held decided opinions-as to both the im- she will pause. Then w e shall look to see Vir-morality and injustice of Slavery, asking its abo- ginia, or a general Convention of the South,lition in the District of Columbia, and other such tender its counsel; and after much cogitation, tions with them will subject you to suspicion ifThePrince ofWales hadnotarrived,andves-selshadbeen sent out.iu search ofthe squadron. action asmight be within the limits of Con- we fancy South^Carolina will wait forthe co- not to reproach. Youcannot touch pitchaud Somealarmforhissafetywasexperienced. The gressionalauthority.. Theabolition,ofSlaveryin operation,ofherslaveholdingsisters,orevenfor -notbedefiled.jandthisdefilement,thoughbutsup-putap.351 ~*squadron hadheen out over three weeks.' The the British colonies,.and thediscussions bywhich an overt act of the incoming Administration. erficial, istenaciousandveryreal. Wehave e\ery HERRING & Co., No. 2T>1 Broadway, New-York: Piedmontese were still pushing on the siege of that measure had been preceded, having given a We need not say that she will wait in vain for. day more and more reason to rejoice that, thoughi •'•(By Telegraph.]CHICAOO. 111., Nov, 26,1860.The. Republicans of the Twentieth Ward haye put forward a most excellent candidate forAl- derman from the Xlth District. Gen. Wm. Hall wasunanimouslynominatedonMondayevening by th e Convention meeting a t Liberty Hall..•..'' •»,Gaetawithvigor.FrancisII.haswithhimbe-newimpulsetotheanti-Slaverysentiment,petitions anysuchact,asanexcuseorpretextforbreak- foraquarterofacenturybusywiththepublicI?fov*»m<perceive, is not only in very bad humor with the Virginia. HeandDouglasandLincolnhaveself.Hereishiscarefullyprepareddemonstra-for some means of putting himself anew at the decided majority of the popular vote in the neisH,thefoulattacksofthe knaveVhopennedthearticlesforthe of State under John Quincy Adams._ !9Sand'S*>n*( ' •. ' , mav at w-Hi*head of a party. He undertook to make a slaveholding StatesisagainstBreckinridge.Now, newspaper have hadu contraryell'ect fromthatintended,and. have resultedgreatlyto my advantage, pecuniaryand otherwise.mighty matter of these petitions, and insisted the larger share of this majority is hostile to se- But one customer withdrew his patronagefrom me, and hesoT H E L A T E S T , N E W S , RECEIVEDBY„*» . f .• ' ."1^.with the ol ;e t h e c o n r e n ; .<f absolving the pc^ed by it. *ing!eStatehi is that t,be re from it; in ot. ©f ite union T not .til! et: L"•nowhere \>~i • for."c l o s e l y r e s e m b l e d t h e a u t h o r o f t h e l i b e l s , i n c h a r a c t e r , t h a t h i s cession in any form and under any pretextj for, withdrawal was to me a positiverelief. •*; * . .* * I could well afford to lose such patrons,more particularly as their places weresuppliedbymanydeservingandhonestmen,whoseifood will, and kindly recognition as an associate and friend, is'an honor of which any man might well be proud, so that the base inhopes tosecure Southern votes,yieldedtoo has"recordeditsemphaticverdictagainst seces- intentionsofthiscontemptiblepuppytoinjuremeinmybusi-t h a t t h e y m u s t b e a t o n c e r e j e c t e d . M r . V a nsion.;. NorcanalltheSouthernsupportersofBreck-nessundprivate character,haveonlyresultedtomypositivead- vantage. ,. 'lation against kidnapping: butthat is merely acasualexhibition,underthespuroftheFugitiveS l a v e a c t a n d o f t h e N e b r a s k a b i l l , o f t h e i n v i n -cible Northern repugnance to playing thepart ofbloodhound onthetrackofafrightenedand holdinginterestfoundthemselvesoblige^toyield. dressingallegedgrievances. Theyvotedforhimmeinjury,asanominationintheSeventhAlderrnahicDistrict'thatActing-Gev.Beebehasvisited Capt.Mont-manifestation given to ' thatsome positive act of Federal aggression to justifyaseveranceofthetieswhichbindthemtosisterrepugnance being Thevital,honest, Wholesale Agent. No. 189Pearl-st. naked truth is, that the mass of the people ofaccidentalandinconsequent.the Free States never did heartily cooperate in the danger which would inevitably attend anyThe ostensible ground of objection was, that while Those " Complete Sets." 257 pieces of freneh China arid Rich Of the fugitive slaves who manage to cross Mason war w a s pending between Texas a n d Mexico,it./will be perceived, reduces the number of Secessionists -per sc in tho South to a compara- tively small body.ernment; at. Jeost until such time as the public learn to place a correctestimateuponthorepresentationsofsuchunscrupulous and designingcharlatansasnow,in agreatmanyinstances,frame and controlpublicor-iuion,to the detrimentofall honorableand. high-minded men, who, voluntarily/and without fee or reward, cement to serve the public, only to be traduced and vilified, gen- erallyfrominterestedrootivea,ortogratifypersonalpiquesof thesewho,unfortunately,havethemeansattheir commandofMayor McDowell presiding, a Corpmittee on Resolu-tions reported the following preamble and resolu-tions: •Whereas, Intelligence has been received from South-Eastern Kam-as,whichleaveslittleroomtodoubtthatcivilwarhim beenadd*Mltothecurseof famine,whichalreadyoppresses thatCutandEngravedOlassWareaxestillfurtuerreducedto$65. - Woinvitoanixoxuediateexaminationofourgoodsandprices.E. V.HAWHWWTAtCo., Nos. 488,4S0and492Broadway,comerBroonoe-st.MURRUVY-STREET FIRE.NRW-VORK, NOV. 26, 1860.Messrs.A.S.MARVISi Co.,, (Successors to Stearns i t Marriu).We cheerfully add our testimouyto the value of your FIRK- pKOor SALAMANOKK OAKKS, as our books and papers of every description were AX.I.PRRSKKVKD in on« of. them during thwio-tensenreoflastnight. Indeed,thecontent*of the Salearealt thatwehaveleftofourformerbusiness,andofcoursewe can hardlye*timaieatpreaeutthe'valueithasbeeutou*.Our SaftJ stood hi the hottest place i n t h e buililing, a u d fell through to the first fioor, where we recovered it.E. STO.NK. ii. Co.,No. 29 Mumtyst., New-York.STUX A.NOTMKK.Messr*. Hock. Skinner «t Co. also had »ne of our S.»fes, which'preservedallitscontent*perfectly,acertiucatefromwbomwill he published.andDixon'sline,nine-tenthsgetsafelytoCan- adaiftheyreallytry,astheyalwaysdidandal-and the independence of the former wasunac- knowledged by the latter, annexation could not be brought about without adopting the warAnd eventhose Stateswhich, uponasuper-ficialview,seemeagertoleave'theUnionatthe securingthepublicear,andof.usingittoinstillintothepublic sectionofKansas;thi'reforewayswill.A llth eStateanti-kidnappinglawsmind the deadliest poison—the legitimate fruits of which i s daily earliestmoment, arefarfrombeingunanimous becomingmoreandmoreapparenttothemostcasualobserver; and if the proper antidote is not speedily applied, will inevitably result in the utter demoralization, if not annihilation of the CityResolrcd, That without expressing any opinion as to the causes which may have led Montgomery, Jhave not added a dozen to the number who have against Mexico. The real reason undoubtedly thus made good their flight; and if they were allin their choice of this insane remedy for imagin-ennison, and their followers, or any bunds o f men acting with, or in opposition to them, t orepealed to-morrow, the South would not. be'profited one stiver. If a fugitive chooses to hangabout ourcities from month to month, hismas-ter,ifheearnestlytries,canoftenhearofhim State,tobringabout theannexationof;Texas— and recover him; but if he makes a straight pull and that not for any reasons of common.interest for Canada, he is almost certain to get away; in that measure on the part of the Union at because yearly or quite all of us are anxious large, but exclusively on slaveholding grounds—MOW T O B>© I T .that ho should.Nowandtheusomepoortoolif another step b e taken, retreat will b e impossi- Mr..Calhounagain forcedon Congress andthe ble, weshallhopetohearcalmvoices,aswedid country a discussion of the Slavery question and in the analogous convulsions of 3832, counselingOrlcaru lite, one of the moat Conservative journals of the South, An immediate call of the people in mass meeting at the earliestpracticable moment, for the pu.j:ose of {.electing uu unlimited numberofdelegatesfromamongourwisestandbest.'men,for the purpose of proceeding with a n equal number o f dele«utes, with equal intelligence and wisdom, from other Southern States,eriesof the people by a renewal o f civil war: iuthe Counties o f Kourbon trad Linn.Revolved, That7, having settled beyond a doubt the cuestion o f Slavery in Kansas, w e condemn a ll attempts to embroil n s i u Controversies and collision* arising out o f that question with tht» people o f our neighboring State, whether made b y dwiuiionisV* without or by milliners within our borders.t Theresolutionswer«supportedbyseveral, and op- posed by Anthony, McCahon, and others, on the ground that no information had been received to justify the be- lief that civil war exists in the Territory. Amid much excitement and confusion, the report of the Committee was declared adopted,'and the meeting adjourned.Immediately after the adjournment, those opposed to the adoption of the report organized another meeting.houn.which raised the issue of the right of petition and. th o right Of Congressional debate—points upon which, after a long struggle, the slave-" Nor did his efforts to damage me, politically, nieet with bet- * ter success. TheRepublicanAldermanicConventionforthe district-winchIhavetnehonor to represent,have tenderedmet h e u n a n i m o u s n o m i n a t i o n f o r t h e o f f a c e o f A l d e r m a n , w h i c h i s equivalent 'to an^ election, and urged my acceptance. This wasHence originated th e gag-rule policyflyingwoman,'who,havinghadthreeorfourofher children torn from her and sold to Mississippior Texas, is flying to save the last of her brood impulse, given to it also by Mr. Calhoun, from- State to secede, yet, ere. taking the final step, breath on the other side of the question: , .•4... •' •1.te','f' .'' ^,»• '•'.:'fromafate moreabhorred than death. We repeatthatthegravamen oftheOffenseisNorth- ernrepugnanceto slave-catching,theparticularthe project of Texas annexation—a project which he setonfoot, and,with thesupport ofthe South,- successfully carried out, avowedly for the purpose of increasing the political power and' in-upon request,released theprisonerswhomthey walkoutoftheUnionthanthemereelectionof positionofarepresentativeintheBoardofAldermenIalways weretryingforkidnapping. He statedthathe,The agitation of th e Slavery question thus in- troduced into politics, received a new and strongcates, while they may admit the right of atheywouldrequire firmer groundonwhichto "Ihadmadeupmymind,never,underanycircumstance,towas t h e sectional jealousies t o which such a step would naturally give rise.wrongs.Owingt ot h eoligarchicfeaturesBy undertaking, as Mr.Tyler's Secretary ofin the work of slave-catching for the sake of the of the moral and political character of that in- caution and demanding delay. W e believe she to the seat of Government in tho State of New-York. Let thedelegate* from the South there meet the New- York Presidential No. 5"Gravier-*;., New-Orleans. money to be made by it; butthere is no man stitution. Theadditional cessions .of territory will notleap into the gulf of Disunion alone, Electors, and in person remonntrate. against the vote of StwNo. 335 Broadway. New-York.A KARE CHANCE.—TheSTOCK and Gooo WILL reared in a Free State 'and' gaining his livelihood obtained from Mexico at the conclusion of the but; when she reaches its brink, will wait for under existingcircumstances no moral obligationto do so. Our» Were b: Ucf a first-xate paylast BCSINKSS, located in Chicago, i s offered for atde upon the most liberal term*. For full particular* address the twderkigned, or Gr.o. A. VVHXRLSK at Cincinnati.by any form of honest industry, who does not war which naturally resulted from the annexa-^ the. countenance and cooperation of sister States. feel ah intense loathing of the whole business of tion of Texas, gave a new importance and a Will they join her, and go down with her? •should alt three "hejeoparded, and perhaps lost in making M r . Lincoln President T. I n no more effectual manner can it be done than by an assembly of three hundred to four hundred delegates in New-York; and beiDg composed of our ablest lawyers, mer- chants and mechanics, the eli'ect would he irresihtible, and per-j;•t w- •V<•-•.' ,.••*-JOHN 0. PAKV,No. 124 Lake-st., Ciiicago, llli:iois. • slave-catching, and'say of it, with Hazael, " I s new urgency to this discussion.Carolina isHERNIA O R KUPTURE CURED.'• WHITR'S PATKNT I.K\J-.I-. TKrss" is radically ditforout in principle and action from any in use.. 1st. EASIX&Tt O FIT, ? A D AJ.TRKKD AT P/.KASt'KK. 2d. MO*T 1^/WRRrVI.OK WKAKKSTCONTKOI.I Ki>. 3d. COXBINRDINWARDAND VPWARD ACTION. 4th. Nopadontheback,orunduepressure.5th. Loes not work out of place, i* cleanly. 6th.Thecovercanbewa^l.^datpleanur.-. 7th.Isself-BCtiiig,durable,andeasytowear.inflnmed and increased by partisan newspapers in both uectiom •ofoftheUnion.Suchadelegationwouldnodoubtbejoinedbya large number of the New-Yoik merchants, whose influence Personal Liberty acts would loathe himself if lie country%rom the political agitation of the Slavery her votes against Breckinridge. Cobb and Iver- would be.materiallyfelt in so important a matter. We of the South have no desiie to dictate on whom the choice of the New-Georgia,"thy servant a dog that he should do this thing?" A general acquiescence in the compromises of chiefly relying for aid and comfort in haps silence forever the sectional agitation which is onlyThextry drygoodsjobberwhodeclaimsagainstwere to join in hunting a fugitive, and would question, when the repeal of the Missouri Com-feel a sense ofrelief andgladness if-that fugitive promise andtheattempt, by fraud andviolence,Judge McCahon was made President. preamble and rWolutioim were adopted:T h e followingweretogetsafelyofftoCanada.Southern politicians do not' comprehend.this— to force Slavery upon it, brought back again the his successful rival. Alexander H . Stephens, one distrust and dissatisfaction.did not.Theyrecognizenodifference between•j>.v.' ,(.. >•J£i ';.1••j•.ofanewCompromise,YoumustnotignoreHu- 5,0V)O man Nature. You must paysome respect to theallegedoffensewasbeinginfavoroftheexecutionof t'liCFugitiveSlavolaw,andthat,atthe solicitationof$o,000lawof-gravitation,moralaswellasphysical. AllthePersonalLiberty actsmayberepealeding crisis: while, on the other hand, manyof South Carolina,' even in.anticipation of its polit-hermostdistinguishedcitizensareutterlyaverse icalindependence.Theplan.suggestedisrtoob-Beebe,hewass*etfree.Onbeingexpostulatedwith,forthwith—that isa small600 makei:versosolemnanewbargainforthecap-'.-"2Jotsonlllst-st.,100feetw.ofllth-av^ea ^xW.ll ea, 500 up-shot will be that not one in ton will be for thelast five-aiid-twenty years,-bywhich such However it may be with her demagogues,tho2lo"adjoiningonrearon142d-st.,ea.25x9S.11, «**&*-•- 500Iot*?u?TM **..li*>ft.w.ofHtb-av..»*.2^1'.«',: 500caught,andafterafewyears,notoneinahun-11 50.)j lots adjoining in rear onT42d^.,^en. g?* : • • 605 dred. Hence will result reproaches and crimi-JlctWlltb-vv., cor. mh-.t.ea.25x100, ea ••4 lots adjo1r,in( on av., ea. 2-xI0O, ea•••••••• ' 600 nations, charges of. broken compacts and baddiscussions have beeu perpetually forced upon almajorityofherpeoplewillbeslowtojoininatreasonable conspiracy for destroying tho Repub- back to Charleston iu specie. lic. Only one other State belongs in this cate-gory—little Florid?!. Though she may stand*1toexclude.Free-State settlersfrom Kansas,andThatwewithholdallactioninthematteruntilthe",' itwouldbehailedwithacclamation*ofjoywherethereisnow faciflconnectedwiththecasecanb<-^atiKlaetciilvobtained.sideofthisquestionopposedtothatespoused-by at least, they persist in talking as though they Shivery question into politics, andgave to it a of the strongest men in•the State, 'and in'thelicsdred,pointed if they a r e n o t treated with pofound r e - physiciansthatbeispreparedtotreatallcasedrequiringmechan- itsprings.directlyfromreverencetothatDivineoftheirwholeofficialinfluence.Still,frombegin-polls.CanitbethatGeorgia,whenthecul-spectandcourtesythroughout,andwethinkitA Committee of three was api>oimcd.We have intelligence from Lawrence that Acting- Governor Beebe arrived there on Saturday, having liad an interview with Montgomery. At the time'of tho in- terview Montgomery, with 43 men, wiwengaged in the trial of a man charged with kidnapping a free negro. The man, whose name was not given, was found guilty and hung in the presence of Beebe.\i} »,,1••*';r•i>'•'.'•£ii .»i * •••• •ic*.! surgerywith ekilii'ud success. AUo, a,l?r«« assortment of law, alike of Nature and of Revelation, which ning to end, it was a movement wholly and ex- minating point in the exigency is reached, will very likely that they will.beinvited to dine with the silk and Lulv thread elastic rftockhu* for varicose veins, femaleSupporters, Shoulder Brace*, improved ouspen*ory Bandages, savs, "Remember those in bonds as bound with clusively in the slaveholding interest. On the part not advise deliberation? Will she consent to Electors and other prominent liepublieaus. A t and Luatnuoentsfor phy»icul deformitie*.:*~TOWER CLOCKS, JEEGULATORS, AND OFFICECLOCKA—the most accurate timekeeper* in tho world.' SI-KKKY it Co., So. -W> Broadway."shalt not deliver unto his master the servant of all parties at the South combined to give itHow is it with the other Calhoun States? thing with regard to the state of public opinion The popular sentiment in Alabama, a s indicated and public feeling -at. the North. W e cannot e u - bytherecent election, is notwidely different- couragethemto hopethatthey willsucceediu'•"gates, where it liketh him best; thou shalt affording sufficient grounds /or a dissolution of the does not largely exceed that of Bell and Douglas Lincoln and Hamlin, yet w e shall be very glad"them;" (St. Paul.). "Break every yoke, aud of the Northern men'above referred to it was a start upon this perilous journey with no other "let the oppressed go free;" (Isaiah.) •'-"Thou bid for Southern favor and Southern votes. Men companion than South Carolina?shallhearing, aud will be very apt to learn some-BA TCHELOR'S HAIK DYE.—iJcliabla, barmlosss "who has escaped from unto the. their support, and thus commenced that sectional his master .*.,.»/ „„v..,The p»0| >'loaded wiDover,C fcaveti. A^TcrtlState,i Mvers, ;.c: oftheiiitiiiult^ inproperty canwen willurealaccem. uE.$' citvbyt^rrno .'Cbar>o*t<The«>d Cf H >•.The»1turnedycd instantaweous; Black or Brown, factory. No. 81 Barclay- Jt. SoldandappliedatBATCHKLOR'SVNigl»Bctory,16Bond-st."he shall dwell with the< ; even among you, in arrangement of parties of which such loud com-..thatplacewhichheshallchooseinoneofthy plaintsare.made, aud.which isnowsetupas fromthatofGeorgia. ThevoteforBreckinridge inducingour Electorstovote foranyonebut hasbeenreported. ArrivalsbythesuigeatKaneaaSPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.•*Evsrybodyshould bare a bottle."—{Tribune. FOR SALBEVKRYWHKHR.ManufacturedbyH. C.SPAtmNOu.Co.,No.48Cedar-st. Povt-Offieeaddress.BoxNo.ZAXto.City on Saturday evening report all quiet.By u private letter from Lawrence we hav« •another account of the interview of Secretary Beebe wit** Montgomery; This account says that Beebe found Montgomery trying a m a n named McDonald, whosoMontgomeryisrej>ortedanhavingdeliedthepowerof the (.overratorial and Federal Governments.Gen. Harney and Gov. Medary arrived at the Fort thismorning,andwillleaveforSouthernKansasto- their friends,,'to send her to Liverpool, have her' nioiTOW morning? with 100 Dragoons and two piecesofwait there till' hercargo h sold, andthepro- artillery,Cxpt.Bainincommand. ceedsrealized,whichproceedssheistobri Trooj*havestartedfromFortRileytothesame"not oppress him;" (De.ut. xxiii. J5, JO:) Hencewesaytothoseintentondaubing;theUnion by the .secession of the slaveholding States. Ifthe,SouthernStateswereunwillingtoabide the..result rof a sectional struggle for th e admin- stration ofonrnational affairs,whydid,theythemselves thus first provoke and commence it? If, in (heir opinion, the social and political characterandresultsoftl\o,Slaveholdingpolicy are matters exclusively for State discussion, and not fit to be introduced into Congress and our national polities,whyhavetheytaken acoursecombined. Yancey, who heads the Secessionists to seethem. Do come! in that State, though regarded asamanof\v.;'> WJiy "° the-}' now taking a course by which the question of Slavery is made still more thai! ever the exclusive subject of political dis-I* nig destination^ The two division will rendezvous iM» 1*•ti n r i d g e b e c o u n t e d a s S e c e s s i o n i s t s .them are utterly opposed to-that mode of re- the most gratifying evidence,to my mind,that the.villainousSpecialDispatchtoTheN,Y.Tribune. ' ,L E A V K N W o i t T i r , T u e s d a y , N o v . 2 7 , 1 8 6 0 .a Republican President.Theywould stayforregardedutfoneofhonor,andonewhichentitleditsposs«sserat leastto,thecommoncivilticsandamenitiesofcivilizedlife.But 1 am now convinced that the contraryis the case, and that public sentiment,/r/iwrd and directed by such harpim a* control .omeofournewnpaperii,isagainstanyman,nomatterhowup- right, honorable and competent he may be, who haa been or inhad only forty men;that he hadbungthree men for kidnapping, and w as responsible for it. Gov. Medary thinks themattercanbosettledmajorityThe defeated aspirant will be apt to, take theWhereat, It is reported that difficulties o f arferibtianature ex- istto.South-Easteni EuaxaH; andactwiththem.- justrepudiatedBreckinridgeandsecessionatthely aaia every one, v».no. alters rair.auu impar- tialtrinl,isfoundguiltyofsuchviolations,shouldsufferthepenal-Amajorityofthepeoplehave" 1 trial,ty of those laws..M a n y o fIseeit ?•\t Fpoken of for 1 halfasmuchK asBotta, ih a speech has - lje« being primed copies aiC \o^cetingdtU» no doubt do nThe Bank *loV the re*; decided to-retofthem,withtheexceptionofSouthCarolina,nessopposed to withdrawing from the Union upon however commendable in a secessionist pointofprobably a majority of the people are at heartbelikelytoregardasaggressions. Contentwith anysuchpretextsandforanysuehreasonsas view,hardlytobe-'approvedinitscommercialImpelledt oleaders do notstop'tocalculate consequences.how innocent your intent or act, the naked fact that you are found in any sort of; amicable rela-closely aseooiated wish to see them.a scitizensmightMr. Jones, Register at Leeompton, reports fornosuchreasonasthis. Othersofhisadvo- is,asbeforesUited,equivalenttoanelection,andwassore- gomery,athishome. Hedeniedanyintentiongarded when it was offered to me.".,:fcChesnut. They are now haying their day. W'henthe secession movement reaches a point where, suggests: . •'upon.crisis, has cast awhichSouth1850,suchastheywere,hadagaindeliveredthe thisson a r e quarreling about a seat in t h e Senate. York electors should fall, but o n t h e other hand t o cooperatetothisrashplot.AstoMississippi,theUnionsenti-ment ofthat StatehasalwaysbeenstrongsinceitoverthrewDavisintheStateelectionwhichfollowed b.e•furnished byseveral patriotic plantersand theadoptionofthecompromisemeasuresof1850.Mound City, sixteen miles from the Missouri State fine.The suggestion.of going to New-York for n,.2,010 alienated because of the bargain of Northern cussion and interest? Were they content quietly ready to take a leap in the dark with any State steamer, seems to.us a little objectionable/ South plauofoperjitioiiB.615AotsonIlth-aV.,cor.141-t-st.ea.25x100, «£;•"•:•••• 410 faith: and theSouth will be more excitedandSecrecy is preserved by theolBcials regimiingthoir Montgomery acknowledge* th e lute, murdtws. H *;..'••«9•ua. iix h e r new commercial career,' oughtwork ,>t •. *.• '.-• . .-•J»>:•••'..".'.•"•'•;«•Untitled Documentattacksofthispenny-a-linerwere harmlessorpowerless todocommonwealths. Others, still, would never con- (onnected with either of the legislative branches of the City without troops.•sd\ solvent . "Winchftj-t- r. l.urg,tU B theBankc h-ranche*. ai not inch' -;nCbrwtaanabi fexeha: -•»: citicevai-BBfined totie The iiiar Article* •<;:Korthh'V<3nent of Jviare willingOr potaw .8Ti»*' . X><a-Tne prop rurgo ef £ from I^ong enger are 1na-u, on« v <ialh Fixe porttbn;n< tl e«?now^; From The N. Y. Exprctt.ANOTHER SUGGESTION.—A merchant in The Nnc- ei'.n cannot afford them a plausible pretext for adding to the inis-York bring cast, for Abraham Lincoln. There i s n o legal, a n d peaee, harmony, and even our national existence is at stake, and•.'"." .frozen i<> . locked tinalongth'- 'to-dav. ^0oi itwith them by pledging the electoral vote nf the South in f.wor of any sound, conservative statesman less inimical t o t h e South thanMr.Lincoln. Should «nchacompromiseheeffected,Whereas,tht-r'-foreW e have no reliable information on the subject,all.events, theyhave acandida n dattentiveCarol:f; '• . -. »m ••.•.seemsalso alittlebehindt h etimes, hniidestitution and famine, was an act o f crm-ltv and oppri'i.si<}n o n paralleled in the history o f a free peoplo; "but that such expul-.'^ . zm. *,*\-' i* ••'-Fort Scott has hot been harmed or Bans eaeked, a siC .Fremont••'••" T h eai:'.» f o r t ' e have run three days dtpth t'J suThei-ur;Clayton,a: •echooner.J* Thebaik IBtiea %)02•aThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com•••••*• 