 RtTwill be added to the chain of potent influences to discriminate between free and slave States wlichwill,forthefuture,keepthebellicose intheirapplicationforadmissionintotheHe is clothed by oar goverumeat with ample seta*rsjr and instructions to protect Anserican citizens and pro- perty ia case af attack by MTraman's party. A * sqaai- ron s movement* will aiao be governed i s a great degree6NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 18flHTBtPLJB SHEBf.NEWYORKHERALD.anattackbyMiranion"aparty,andthatheisfolly firegreatPowwt.We«ottcadoaFridaylast HaHIlaaeKap*dttlasuteCsaeChariest** empoweredtoranyemergencythatmayarise. arumorthatPriaoeGartsWhakoffhadcoareyed Intenseexcitementprevailsamongthearis- JAMBS OORDOI BBVVKTT* Oar special despatchfrom Albanythismorning sLchaa latimatioato the Frtaoa fwrnwaeat, tocracy of democratic shoulder-bitters, gam-Tan SBOCMAXBBS'STRXKK or New HAMT- SHIBE,—In another column we publish an ac- countoftheshoemakers'strike,whichhasex- tended from Massachusetts to New Hampshire. It will be seea that one class of manufacturer? represent the cause of the irrepressible con-T^bLB AootrrrueLAWKWTmakes some corrections ia relation to the railroad n>rr»R AND pftoFHifOi. bills reported to the House last week for New York city, and famishes an account of the working Ofand we aaw Bad fa the nreeden official paper a positive statosBtat 10 that cfloct Ruasia has!r!^rW!^^^J•n*W to iheS ^!!Ll^b^* «**dwl **empiZStall boa*DelDoafi2 » *••"'la enA IT• II I*•rnoia.w.corneaor•ABBAOAB»FUMOWera thelobby,whichappearstobemoreactivethis herovatnoUvoaftwdailringtheassemblingof nalsfromBlackwell'sIslandandSingSiag,aCoagreai.Sheearnleesfortherightsof flict"betweencapitalandlaborinHewEng-whenwefirstrefcrredtothesubjecterewTDOODKDdiTBBlDf—OCTOeOOJT.States,theoneideaormonomaniaofwhose Yorkrequiresmorerailroads;theyareagreatpresent politics is to break up the fortunate convenience, not only to oar citizens, bat to relationsnowexistingbetweentheblackman'slabor and the white man's capital in the Southern parties visiting tits metropolis from abroad; batStates, a change involving the utter destruc- at the same time it is notorious that they havetion of the whole fabric of the American go- proved a fertile field for jobbing aad corrup-tion. We hope that the Legislature will disposevernment, with a train of consequences which of the charters for these roads in an equitableNATIONAL r-ONCKRT 8ALOOK. Rational Theatre.— Seats, Djjicja. <*i.Kuts<«jx*, Ac.TRIPLE SHEET. Mew York, Morulay, 9Iaroh 5, I860.BAILS FOR THE PACIFIC.Rev Tor* Herald—California.Xdltlon.to the settlement of their own affairs, we at turing of great commercial revolutions, likeleast find reasonable grounds for belief that that which has just been carried out betweenFrarce will rais? no collateral issue which Great Britain and France. Let theexample thuswould oppose obstacles to a decision favorable set be followed by Prussia and her co-confede-to tie!: interests. But before we enter upon a rates of the Zollvereia, and Europe will have to the great focus of nominating excitement..Sampson Low, Son ft Co , <T Ladgato HQ Laoalng, SUrr a Co., T4 King WUUam stroei.. .Lansing, Baldwin a Co., S place do la Bourse, . Janaisg, Starr at Co., No. 9 ChapeJ streetR. Stuart, I0 Bxcaanrs street, Bast. .Lax-jsa.*, Baldwin At Co., U ruo Corneilie..DaCha{>«aaroage«Co.of the luaoraas Baniow or not Hn<;»rein for a commercial treaty similar to that with England. Should the Berlin Cabinet lend a favorable ear to the proposition, another linkmotto 'no more slave States,' and argues that neither public policy, precedentnorthecon- stitution authorizes Congress or the Executivetic notorieties whom the impending prize fight there should be the least delay in going on withwith Sayers has carried off to England? The such a work We trust that we have heard thecolors of Mozart Hall draggle upon the last groan of the petty, miserable politiciansground, and Tammany trembles and cowers in who, finding no job ia the Park, attempted toview of prospective defeat. The Regeaey kill this bill. It is not often that we can saysteamerwillcarryofftwo-thirdsoftheloafers muchinfavorofAlbanylegislationforNew byMr.McLsae'sorders,ashetofollyetspowerelfarThewlB eombtao tha news neceired by mall an i teiefrapb at tha OIBOAdaring the prerloas week sail up to tha hoar ofpropensities of the European governments incheck. At all events, it will promote such a and particularly of the New York Tribune, the under the auspices of our illustrious Mayor; action of the Assembly in the matter of theevery emergency that, may arise. This policy has only been determined oa by the government within the tost forty-eight hours.THB LOBBT AST) TBS BXXICA* TRa*TT.There is a prodigious lobby now hare, not only frsat New Y ork, Mew Orleans and other sectioas of the cons- try, bet from Mexico, who are working like beavers farthe ratification of the Mexican treaty. If the treaty is de- feated it will be by these stock jsbhing interests. Seat- tors are buttonholed at every earner by Hies: harpm, and many of the Senators who are ia favor of tbe treaty axe suspicious that there is a "nigger in the fence'' some where. A stock jobbing Journal in Mew Y ork, which deals In brick churcli** and lead mines, is known to Save large interests in it.ThereistoUuthinthereportthat the MexicanMinis" ter, SenorMats,toopposedtothetreatyoranypartatMs provisions.AFFAIBS IX TXXAB—UPLT OP TBI PKSBIDaVT TO GOTOUMHOUSTON'S LBTTBRThe letter of Governor Hooston to the Pres.deat has netbeen, but saay soon be, made public, in response to the resolutions of boti; branches ot Congress, calling for in- formationinrelationtothetroublesalongme TexasBor- der. It is understood, however , that Governor Houston, among other things, represents the existence of actasl war, urges immediate succor, an4 iadlostss his intention to call ost volunteers is sufficient force to pursue and puntob the enemy to the fullest ex- tent. It to known from the latest Texas dates that a t to vigorously prosecuting bis plans to the totter. A replyThe Ncwi.The Africa arrived at this port yesterday morn-ing from Liverpool, with European news dated on the 18th of February, two days later thin that Brought b y t h e Edinburg from Cork.Cotton was quiet in Liverpool, but prices had not declined. Breadstuffe were difficult to sell, and had n o t advanced. Coffee w a s steady in Loudon. Trade at Manchester continued quiet, but prices were bteady.The London discount maiket was easy. The funds evinced an improving tendency. Consols closedonthe 17thult.at 94Ja jformoney,and 91J a 4 for account The bullion in the Bank of England had increased in the week by $639,S50.The great excitement which prevailed in Europe on the subject of the proposed annexation of Savoy to France had subsided in a measure, the Emperor Napoleon having assured England that he would defer to the decision that may be arrived at by the great Powers ol Europe on the question. The as- pect of the Italian question had not changed mate- rially.Accounts state that a conspiracy has been dis- covered among a portion of the Neapolitan army, and on the same authority it is affirmed that the plot bad been traced to the agency of the Picd- montase emissaries.Lord John Russell assured Parliament that nego. tiations were in progress with the United States go- vernment respecting the navigation laws and the rights of British shipping engaged in the American coasting trade.From Morocco w e hear that Marshal O'Donnell had received eleven delegates sent by Mulay Abbas to atk on what conditions peace would be re-estab- lished.good understanding between thr^e of the five Powers interested in the peaceable adjustment of the Italian question, that It will smooth away many of the obstacles that might have other- wiseopposedthemselvestoits satisfactoryset- tlement.lesding organ of the party in this city, is "no more slave States." Is this a shallow dodge to represent Bates as a pro-slavery man, or, at least, a squatter sovereignty politician in the South, while in the North he is to be put for- ward a3 the anti-elavery disunion candidate ofbut, alas, alas, ao such exhibition can rejoice the ears aad eyes of the population of the Pal- metto City as was witnessed, last September, at Syracuse.All honor to Commodore Vanderbilt.Whether he intends to have both steamers scut-Central Park, and we earnestly request the Senate to go and do likewise.MA JESTTperceive by the late message of the Governor of Canada, that the Prince of Wales is about to visit that province during the coming summer, tc take a look at bis mother's colonial subjects la this quarter cf the world. It is a pity that the Queen herself could not be persuaded to cross the Atlantic in place of her juvenile representa-Central Italy, France would think her frontier The"BeniciaBoy"waslivingretired,butinac- wasnotsecurewithouttbeannexationofatwind.tivetrainingforhisfightwithTomSayers. least some portion of Savoy, and he A moat graphic account of a Russian Court ball,fa.r at tull prices. Freights were arm, while eng&gemecta siderable naval disarmament in France and w?rc moderate. England. Russia is imparting greater efficien- The Newt by the Africa—Probability of cytohernavalandmilitaryorganization,pro-ships, surveyorships, collectorships, and all other kind of ships, float before the eyes of the rowdy gang of plunderers in connection with the CharK ston Convention.ConiuodoreVanderbilt,werejoicetosay, hashadcompassionnponthisvastamountof misery. He has even, in the abysses of his benevolentheart,fathomedthedepthsoftrou- ble v.-jkh might be occasioned by the divisions of (he d<mocratic party in" the State, and, with true regard to the principles of some chapter or other in one of the books of Corinthians, hasficent designs of Providence, than his sablebrethren in any part of Africa, or aay part of Crrr RAILROAD SCBTEMBS nv THEa Congress. bablyforthesamereasonthatactuatedEng- TboadvicesreceivedbytheAfrica,althor.gh land,becausesheianotsatisfiedthatitcom- BBTAWTB' VI*«T3*KLH, Meehiinies'Hall, 471 BraadwM' — still indefinite ia regard to the political pros- ports with the magnitude of the interests thatBcujMgu,boaoa,Dxscu.Ac—W«ooaaFROMTHKUIUJ. pectsofItaly,areonthewholesatisfactory. shehastoprotect. WecareverylittleforNIBLO'S SALOON. Broadwav —Oin. CHBWTTS Mm If we do not acquire from them the assur&ace these increased armaments, however, if concur-ITIEU a Boiit.j, DAXCM, AC -M as. DAT'I Naw YSJU>. CAULS. that the people of thait country are to be left rently with them we can only hear of the ma-partoftheNew,includingtheNewEngland oftiieAssembly. ThereisaodoubtthatNewBABBUVS AMBRICAK MT/SBC~M, Broadway-After.confeideratioa of these probabilities, let us re- guarantees for itstranquilLity which the military capitulate the priricipal points of the news.TURE.—We are glad to see that, In spite of all in New York are profitable enterprises, asAs to the keystone to the combination which can alone furnish a satisfactory solution to thetime venture to disturb.despatch from this port, on the 9th or 10th day of April next, two steamers, one in the interestdisappointed politicians in this city, the bill ap- greatly, no doubt, to their own satisfaction aaipropriatingthemoneysaskedforbytheCom- hencetheypresentlargetemptations toavari-TTu North Atlanetic Steamship Company's steamship IUliaa question, we are rejoiced to find Mr. NOMINATION OF MADAJTE BATE:J FOR PRESI- of the Judas Iscariot Regency, who, "having missioners of the Central Park has passed the cious and unscrupulous speculators. We trust,Baltic, Capt. A. O. Gray, and the mat! steamship Northern Gladstone's new budgett embracing the altera- DENT,—In another page we publish an ac- fhe bair,'' and being able to pay well, come first Assembly. It goes now to the Senate, which however, that in taking final action upon theseLight, Captain Ttnklepacgh, will leave this port iL.ia tion- made by the commercial treaty with count of the nomination of Madame Bates, in order, and the other under the control of body, we trust, will lose no time in asking for bills, tbe Legislature will exercise some cir-afternoon, at two o'clock, for Asplnwall.The maila for California and other parti of tho PaciJewill clone at one o'clock this afternoon.The Nsw Y o u WnrtT Ebouu>—California edltioa— of the Eagliah people, as expressed throughcontainingtheiahwtink-Utgenoef-oaallpa/tsofthe theirprincipalorgans,isunanimousinitsap- world, with a lerjro quantity of local and miscellaneous proval of its provisions; and although, as is matter,willbopublishedatoiereao'clockintiveniorn- usuallythecasesomeslightmodificationsare lag.Stogie ooptea, tn wrapper?, rsedy for mailing, six ceota. asked lor by particular interests which con-Afenta wiU please MQ1 in their orders w early as pos- anteMALLS FOS EUBOFS.Tata Baw Yorar Herald—JSMiUoA Tor Karwpe.Tt» Oonard mail steamship Europa, Capt. Lwt:h, will teare Battoa on Wednesday, for TJrerpool.The European mails will close in this city to-morrow aX- taraooa, at a quarter past one o'clock, to go by railroad, aad at foor o'clock, to go by steamboatThe m o r a i a Bomoa or m H>RAU> will be pobliahad at tea •'oieok la aVs morniag. Siagla oopie* ia wrappan, six osaia.BaaaniyMoBS a a i adTertiBsmotts for any edition of ihe Nsw Yaaa fflaw-o will bo racelrod at thofollowmg plaoat la Bnrope>-France is regarded as safe from all danger of | Missouri, for the Presidency, by a self- Fernando Wood, with many subordinates and o fpudence if they make their threatened onslaught on the measure. In audition to the cheering prospect* which the*.e fact? hold out, we have the statement that France has opened negotia-Hectors and Achilles of the party? Where iathe Benicia Boy—the muscular, courteous andchivalrous Heenan? What can the country doFugitive Slave law, and the St. Louis Democrat without him, and without the draft of pugilis- for millions yet unborn, we are fain to ask whyPresident and the John Brown rertlonlsts, &€., &€., Hie.OCR SPECIAL WASHOiOTON DESPATOB. Waamaoron, March 4 , IMS.tions with Prussia, as a member of the Zollve- declares, by authority, that "he rejects theMOVtKF.STH OV OUB SnjHBTSB TO MKIIOOMr. McLaae left here this afternoon for Maw York, a a i will sail ia the Brooklyn aa Tuesday next far Vera Ores.ANOTHER CHANCE FOR CLEAN STREETS-THElatelygivenattheWinterPalaceinStPetersburg, was afraid that the Swiss government MODKRN IlEfiCTUfS GoiNU TO WoitK INTUB depthsbeneatharefilledwithinexhaustiblewill be toond among our foreign extracts this morn- ing. Thescenewasoneofunequalledbrilliancy •nd splendor .One of the passengers by the Africa, which ar~ rived, yesterday morning, informs a s that Mr. Ca- meron, of the firm of Cameron A Donnell, of Mon- treal,andJ.E.Wilson,ofToronto,werepassen- gers in the steamship Hungarian. Capt Shannon, of the Africa, says she had about one hundred andforty paatengera.Advice*from Trinidad,Port Spain,to the16th nit, reportaloadof sugarsoldat $4 25, bathold- ers were subsequently very firm a t a n advance, in conseqaeaea or IBvorabie advices from England.^ S l l I ****** PtovMona and breadstufis was light bat pncee ware rolmg i o wThe BraaiUan corvatta D o * * Isabel, Codmander ^atodeCarvalao,arrivadat<* port^Ly from Pernambuco. She •oa«t.e jf > t ««nf w «Jmight have been rendered favorable to AI'OEAN STABLE. —The recent arrangementa stores of precious metals, which will hasten the theannexationbytheprospectofanmadewithMr.Smithtocleanthestreetscamedevelopementofagriculture,quickentheen-dousexcitementabouthim.IftheywanttocrossingofourtroopsinpursuitofthosewhomaysstkA(»t«ctAAcficaainterestsandpropertyiaeaaeof theth*f.dolMarchweshallhavethecityshining tropoliswouldnowbethesceneofgreater likeau4wpi.:. ItisacontainaliendeTontljl activitythaa1^heoaexperienced here foraaddition being made to its own territory. The London Times, in commenting upon the project, asserts, with the perspicacity and bitterness usual to it where the French Emperor is con-to a sudden conclusion on Saturday night Itappears, according to Mr. Smith's statement,that his employers were beset in all quartersby the rowdy friends of the Aldermen^^dergies of commerce, foster the arts into excel- lence, and stimulate the growth of population and prosperity beyond a precedent in human annals. In forty years from hence—in the year 1900—ifthegovernmentisnotdestroyedby tbe madness of faction, this republic will pre-do the thing in appropriate style, we will send them up some of our Atlantic telegraph or Fourth of July programme*.BRITISHCONCERNFOBOURINTERNALAF- FAIRS.—The English people are greatly dis- tressed, juBt now, about the affairs of this coun- try, as may be seen by an article from the Lon-refuge in that neighboring territory.THB rKBBmsrr JJCD TBB JOB* BROW* rssmxEcnonaTs Mr. George Sencott, counsel for Stevens and HaxleU rowunder sentence of death at CfaarleatowB, Vs..arrived hern yesterday, and bad an interview with the Fresioeat, to thehopeofobtainingbispersonalinfluencewimth» Governorand legislature of Virginia to obtato their pxr- don. The President treated Mr. Seaaott kindly, end ex- pressed to hun his warmest sympathies and the hays that be wUl succeed ia his miasm; bat, while he ****-^"cerned,thattheobjectofthelatterinmaking thattheinfluenceofthesedisappointedspoilthis demand was to throw fresh obstacles in the way of the union of Italy, in order to establish a kingdom of the Central States under Prince Napoleon. These speculations had not long to wait for a refutation. On the 17to the London Tost—LordPalmerstoa'sorgan—announcesin regard to the proposed annexation ot Nic* andSavoy that the French government had ex-hunters was brought to bear iu so many waysupon his operations that he could not get men sent a feature of grandeur and wealth to whichpressed its willingness to defer to the decisionthatmaybearrivedat,bythegreatPowersof Delavanacceptstheoffer,andwillcommencettba Hes*ldltw*sanmtterforUieGoven>orsa*^^ toreofVJrgtatotoderide,aadhe©oetdnetinterfere•*»•• legislative affaire of any State. Mr. Senaott leaves bare, for Richmond to morrow, having the aawranoe* of Bet Letcher that be shall have a hearingbefore the ChBuaatee on Pardons in bebeJf of bis eltoato Be wtB ask fereEuropeonthequestion,and thatconsequently operationstoday. TheCityInspectorIsamanhasacrewof140persona,alltoWUShebaaeW allfearofacollisionmightbeconsidereda* ofGeephysique,tall,muscularandbroadshoul- opening,andtrademustconsequentlyreceivelicanpoliticians,whoareendeavoringtocreate disunionandbreakdowntheadministration, the people are all at loggerheads, and the Union is about to go to smash. Let them waitdoubt Ifhis request to granled. Btovent does sctax- preesanopeofbeingpardoned. BetoreadyaadwSfieg to meet his fate, aad tt to said that he smnlfosto s s awea eoelaeai end indifference eaacsraiaf h * end s»Bro«u did.TherepublicansarepreparingtomoveIoommHteee in the House, with the view of embarrassmgtheprtaeBtadBjmtotretioc. Theywill,itat nnderatoo-i.be aimed principally at the President. Mr. Covode, of Pennsylvania, wUl to an*low move aw I committee, whose duties wiU endoubtedly take aship, s a d visits thia port for the porpoas of UiL definitively ubviated. From this statement it dered—not just the one that a rowdy weuld like takenoadrydock,afterwhichahawill proceedtoF rtamonth, England; Cherbourg. Antwerp,Lisbon, •ny be inferred that the Emperor regards his to encounter. He is a modern Hercules, and ifa:afromthencetotheBraafla. Shehastwenty! ^«a*arcialreformsasparamounttoallother IQundertakingtocleansethisAugeanstablea j/reat impetus. The snow and ice are every-where meitiog away, and we hear of freshetsandsuddenrioiogsoftheriversinvariousquar- aflittlewhile. Yesterdaywasthe4thof ters. Frebbets are often destructive when theycome thus unexpectedly, and it would betwo midabipmen aad five lieutenants. Was boarded ei.\ty-flTB BiflM 8 . 8 . E. from Sandy Hook by pilot beatNo.1,atH.GrinneU.The despatchfromoarspecialreporterat Wash ii> ton this morning will be found interesting. Oar toListertoMexico,Mr.McLane,hasreceivedbis abstractions!andwillleavethisportonTuesday,ia the steamaUp Brooklyn,aad proceed to VeraCraa. Itbsaidthatheiaclothedwithampleauthoritytoceneidermtioae, and is unwilling to riak them he would only superintend the work in'person, the Aldermen's adherents would be very likelyUs?1!!?10*Wkicbtabutofsecondaryimport- r,ottointerferewithbisworkmen. •n^aa^tjM^canhebroughtupwithequal Too much creditcannotbegiventoMessraMarch.Inayearfromthatdaytheywillseeblers, googers, maimers, burglars, keepera andowners of dens of prostitution, outcast oriau-on the part of the public as te the l a B a * ^ the new letter boxes which hare t W 2 £ * tomanyofthecitylamp-post*. AttaH£session than usual. The resolutions introduced in legitimacy thaa for interesm personal to her, and that pothouse of&couring of the commu- land aa proceeding from aa exoaaa of goods without positive testimony aa to the real fillmanufactured—a surplus above the demand-while another class say that the real cause is latwo instances where the bores hareaea.the Senate by the Hon. J. McLeod Murphy, relatitwto the Central Park, will be found ia the despatch. which may he brought up for dlBCUBtioa In thatnity, generally, which accepts plunder as the " dirlne right" essence of ail free government,inttecase. Thisevideacehas beea s « J £ latare of that State on Saturday a communication to its decWen, a quid pro quo may eamily » • with regard to the means of conveyance to the falling off in the Southern trade. robbed within a week. Ia thefirstcase a Urn.Governor Letcher, of Virginia, seat to the Ligfir body. A* Freaeereferetiwaajiexatioii projectm waiter BMJUID. ~OSe***f*g;* giKiiannw^^^**°%*« rence for self-preservation aad the preservation of GortacttfikoiFa last communication and the an- mi/tornawjMrlroftikeworU;Ifwmd,wiSU theconstitutionandtheUnion. nouacemeatiatheLondonPost,noticedabore, dfar- Be>*OVBFOUUIONUHMMTO*«B IncarreportofthestrikesinNewEngland,pub- itwouldseemasifthaFrenchandRussian*• jnrtBB ktitm of mtmtfmt W*4ow* lished this morning, will be found an account of the gorerBmeata were again secretly acting iaCharleston, to the approaching National Con- Both these accounts are true, and perfectly girl was arrested while in the act of robbiarvention. "Oat of the abundance of the heart consistent with each other. The quantity of one of the boxes wita a pick nudefromwire.the mruth speaketh;" and, down in the depths goods manufactured turns out to be excessive Ia the .second instance, aa employe of theofthevenalsoulsofthesechildrenofpad-foot andsurplus,becausetheSoutherntradehas contractorwhofurnishedthedepartsasatwillMaimon.fromourvnvirtaonsmetropolis,Ilea, suddenlyfallenoff. Hadnottheanti-slavery theboxessuppliedhimselfwithadtrpiicateof sad before all things, the ecstatic idea t a agitation at the North become intolerable at key and plundered the boxes sytteanlfeaji,corrupt executive and a leaky national trea- the South, and had ant the hero of Harper's It ia true that this man has beea arrested, satf• • U,Xo. 0 *lbs cotton market oa Saturday closed with less spirit, determined attitude of the Italian people. As he instincts and aspirations. Demosthenes was not been no surplus.at l brSuriHaaaxn, PutaTrH L S B A I * , a * ! i» tht andmannfactare, the opinions of the manufacturers and journeymen concerning the movement, and a large amount of information relative to the trade which will prove interesting to the reader.mate assembling of the Congress. The former obstacles raised by Francis Joseph to its meeting have probably by this time been remoredby thesury, from which they may gather the drip- pings. This ia their thought by day and their dream by night Around it revolve all theirFerry been endorsed in New Wagiftw^, the Southern demand would have been equal te that of former years, and there would havehas refunded part of the proceeds of his crfaae but this arrest will not prevent farther opera! tions upon the boxes, which offer the strongest temptation to thieves. It will be abeolvtstyAKY COSMMSPOWDtirO, *****AiiuwnawTi THIS BVBBIBO.tion, than they are to the fundamental prin- ciple of their lires—steal, steal, steal. Impunity of theft is the phyaicologioal lawSouthern labor coming home, like chickens, toroost The ingredients of the poisoned chalice moat magnificent humbugs of the day a a i»TBLO*S OAB9KW. Broadway-Pa«n*B» * » FaBSnfS- Hteia «*Trtuia-PiBOWBBY nTEATBB, Bowery -C«A*»AI. Box***—Ot* a* IJIIHA.w n m * OABawir. Bmedwar, oppose Bead street.- | « 1 WlTS—iTaBBOB.WAU.ACXS THIATBX, Broadway -Xonixcs or i Poo* TOOMMA*.LACBA KKCnCS THBATBB, 814 Broadway.-,r»A*H Oaaas.BBW BOWKBTTTTBATBa, B » « n 7 ' D i M i n r i i H U - WIIXACB—Warci Slcawaa.BROADWAY BOr/DOIB, « 4 Broadway.-Taa Hiooiir HA«». _ _ _ ^which Northern men gave to the South to which do not answer, ia aay way. the purposes which governs their existence. Therefore, a drink are aow coatmended to their own tips, for which they were maaafactured-aad to refrom the Mississippi commissioner, urging them to found for the support of Russia on that ques-take speedy action in favor of a Southern confe- tion. Frea the coincidence between Prince,4—,. ofotrUmmmtii in- ahoe business ia New Hampshire, the mode of concert, and had determined upon tha proxi-but without obaage of moment in prices The sales em- has nothing to hope for either from intrigue or braced shoot 3,000 bates, chiefly In transitu. T ee flourmarket was more active and dosed at flnaer rates. The forte, he probably thinks it better to trust to demand was chiefly from the local and Eastern trade. the conservativespiritof hisbrothersorareignsSouthern flour was in good request, with ea.es at improved than to insure the confirmation of the existing prices. Wheat was firmer, and the market closed with aa state of things by the general inertness caused upward tendency in prices. Corn was quiet at 79c a HOC by his own obstinacy.for Jersey yellow, at 80c a 81c. for Southern, and white•tore tree to his rule of action, action, ac- Thus are the curses of the North against necessary for the department to rescind fawas quietatKc.a82c Pork was heavyandirregular, With fair sales, including some lots for futura delivery. New mess, on the spt*, sold at »18 25 a 113 37>i, and new prime at $14 76 a f i t 80. Beef was firm aad lard heavy. The ro^ar market was without animation. The sales em- braced between 400 aad 600 hhds , while prices were without material changw. Coffee was firm and sales wereare to be uaed, they should be la Northern or Southern capital rests on the tor that special purpose, as iaThe rumor that warlike preparations are be- ing actively carried on at St. Petersburg ia not to be accounted for by the present aspect of Continental relations. t There is so little appa rent danger of a rupture that it is stated that Lcuia Napoleon has proposed a very con-labor to over, it will be seen whethermost logical sequitor, they all want to hare a and before the war between capital and turn them to the makers. Ifaayifinger in the pie at Charleston. They, without except'on, feel the necessity of having been thebe<7i«/7(/c individuals who, by hook or by crook, surer foundation, and whether the black man Paris, and with proper"ocured the nomination of the next democratic at the South is not only in a happier condition, thievea. Otherwise It were better to have aoaePresidential candidate. Visions of marshal- and more suitable to his nature aad the bene- at allt k t r **••fear* lavsMlostnOfOiltheI rata govw from pron fauy •Ifcrr | Con^J the A ceiveWith e r s a atooll b the i •tfiicVin a i atr-H are 1 dras lOM dras trailnqua MPfTt tbel intii theeBs Wed tbela I/Bit TtasO ToriVliGt Com sumEoat serf riffa cy. SenBa.we! thei(*, ItI thiVIaIt Ir 11 I!» t f.«. Vresolved that all belligerent elements shall be kept apart during the; transit from New Yorkno statesman or patriot can contemplate with- out a shudder.manner, which will protect the people from op-Theall-powerfulCommodorehasnotified,moreardor or infatuation of no one ruler will at any or less publicly, to the world, that he will the attempts in the lobby and on the part ot the present incorporated companies know,the Executive sanction, so that it msy become cumspection, will deal with them honestly, aai defeat by the opposition. The gjreneral sense gtyled "Convention" ia that State. Of what assistants, but without any company. The Re- a law without delay. We have already set will not fall to the degraded level of our Cost-party it consisted, or whether the members gency steamer will be commanded by Captain forth, at length, the reasons why the Central mon Council. The Albany Legislature is badPark Commissioners should be placed in an eneugh, everybody knows, but it should, for does not appear. There is only one tiling the Gulf Stream, painted with a Wise letter in entirely unembarrassed position as regards tbe decency sake, endeavor to keep itself above theweknow,andthatis,that'thenomi- themiddle,surroundedbytwentystars,signifi- financialdepartmentofthenobleworkunderjBoardofAldermenofthismisgovernedme- nation was unanimous/' and that the plat cant of the twenty pieces of silver for which their charge—a work which is to redound, more I trcpoiis.form was of a very negative description-^op- they sold the aforesaid celebrated document than any other, to the glory, and the beauty,composing it onlyrepresented themselves, Cagger,whoseflagwillwavetothebreezesofsider themselves hardly pressed upon, theyare net of a nature to affect the gene- posed to everything, aad in favor of nothing. Fernando Wood's flag will represent Cassidy. and the power, and the prosperity, of this im-rally sagacious character of the measure If it is the rump of the defunct dark lantern the butcher boy, burning in effigy, and some perial city for ages to come. The taxpayers of nrnOLESTlIG FEOM WASflUGTOI. So little important, indeed, are these party, who now call themselves "Southern op- score or two of fat cattle fit for the market. New York do not and will not grumble at whatdftnuids considered, that Mr. Bright de- position,'7 howcanthatparty,inaslaveState, Sothehostilefleeiswillnavigatetothesame theyhavetopayforthePark Theyaresatis- Instruction* to Sir.MfLant, OarWla liter clares himself against alterations of any co-operatewith thehigherlawandirrepressi- port—bothpropelledbythesteamofthesame fiedthatitismoneywelllaidout Apartfrom to Mralio—The Lobby aad tlae MexlraaTreaty—Reply or tJae Presldesat tatGael. Hon ston-Delegate* te the Chariest** t o r t T e n t i o n — D e * p a t < h e s f r o m t h e Afjrl- *an Squadron—InvestIgating Coaaaast- tees—The Japanese<kind. "The budget, the whole budget, and owner. He must understand his business tho- ble conflict party of the North, whose pro-the pride which every one feels in the work, nothing but the budget."is his cry. In the face gramme is to overthrow slavery in the South- roughly. But, meanwhile, anxiety and tribula- the Park, merely as a money speculation, paysof such support aa this, we think the Derbyitesmust have more than ordinary courage and im- republicans of the North, whose courts have mocracy. Where are the great heroes—the estate in its vicinity.' When we reflect, beyondern States? On the other hand, how can the tion prevail among the henchmen of the de- its own way in the increased value of realnullified the Fugitive Slave law, adopt as their candidate a man of whom the St. Louis Xews declares, by authority, that he is in favor of thethis merely mercenary view of the question, upon the sanitary value of the Park as a place of healthful recreation and innocent pleasurelUnion.'' Now, the motto of every republican,in the State, and the remainder will embark York city, but we can honestly commend theIt will be seen by the commercial circulars,baa pervaded the Engli-h markets in reference oli that horror cf slavery agitation, and all that to count on such an exuberance of patriotism.the republican party, though the S t Louis tled on the way to the port of destination, wo quoted elsewiere, that coniiderable uneasiness Democrat informs us, ex cathedra, that "he has do not know. It would, perhaps, be too muchto the proposed annexation cf Nice and Savoy to Frauce. It seems to have been the general impression ia cercantile circles that if this project were persisted i a , war would become inevitable. In a de- bate upon the subject la the House of Commons, on the ICth, Lord John Russell stated that aa far as Sardinia and Switzerlanddevotion to the Union, which distinguish old whigs"? WhocanbelievethatSewardandhis followers would ever permit the republican organization to be taken out of bis hands by such a silurian nondescript as Bates? Should the Chicago Convention nominate him, there cannot be the shadow of a doubt that Seward would run on an independent pure republicanIn any case we trust he does not know Frenchenough to understand the impossibility of anywere concerned, there was no desire on the ticket of his own. It would never do for theheservesthemall, however,astheCharleston Convention is likely to treat both sets of dele- gates, we fear they will fare worse than the passengers do between here and Panamt.TUE GOLD REGIONS OF AUSTRALIA AND O THE UNITED STATES.—From an article from the Mel- bourne Argus, which we publish in another column, it will be seen that the quantity of gold found in the Australian diggings has fallen off, while in this country it ia steadily in-would give her tuch a reception on Broadway as would astonish Europe. We would turn out the Seventh regiment in full strength, and show her Majesty something that might remind her of what the British army used to be before the Crimean war. We would show her Wall street, with its menagerie of "bulls and bears," escort her to the City Hall—which, fortunately, has got a roof on at last—and there the Aldermen and Councilmen would greet her Majesty in thatpart of those governments that any changeshould take place in the existicg state ofthings. He had received from Sardinia anassurance that she had no intention of cedingSavoy to France;and astoSwitzerland,thatgovernment considered that no annexation ofterritory would take place without the districtsof Chablais and Faucignv beirg given to herand guaranteed in the general guarantee of therepublic, as was done by the treaty of Vienna.His lordship added that ttese assurances hadrelieved him from some uneasiness, for it hadcome to his knowledge that it had been com-municated to the government at Turin that if feet were part of iron and part of clay, and the kirgdom of Sardinia were aggrandised towhich, for want of any principle of cohesion, fell any considerable extent by the annexation of in pieces and were scattered as chaff before thewell as in their boundless agricultural wealth, the United States stand at the head of all nations. Notonlyisthesurfaceofitsvirgin soilunequalledinextentandfertility,buttheendeared her to tbe British people, she may chance to be the last of her royal race who will wield tbe sceptre of the English monarchy.TheCanadians,however,wearesure,will receivetbesoninlieuofthemotherwithbe- coming tbankfuldees, and will make a tremen-higher law apostle to have his direct issue withthe South obscured, bis transparent principlesconfounded with the. Missouri mud out of whichBates has beer, fished by Blair and Greeley,and his labors for years rendered of no availby an old fossil. Should Seward be defeatedat Chicago by Simon Cameron, the case would creasing. The placers at Pike's Peak are con-choice language and delectablestyle of oratory baa been sent by the'President, who, there Breasosto for which they are so famous. But it is hardly believe, is opposed t^ this independent course to wagingbe very different, for the Cameron would be a foeman worthy of his steel, and his republican creed would not lose its prestige, nor his parly be demolished and disorganized by the admix- ture of Southern mire with Northern metal, like the image seen by Nebuchadnezzar, whosestantly improving, and the gold districts ofCalifornia are yielding an increased supplyevery year. The truth is that the quantities ofthis precious metal which still lie concealed inthe bowels of the American continent arebeyond calculation. Every day some new dis-covery will be made, till at length it will befound that in their vast mineral resources, as and womanly virtues of Queen Victoria havewar, especially a* our affairs with Mexico are in a critical condition, and as orders have been despatched for the marching of large bodies of troops to the frontier, and the instructions are of sach a character as t ) aocen- p!;sb tbe objects contemplated without unnecessary delay. Gov Houston has been so informed by the PresiCent, she that the calling out of volunteers for tbe purpose mentioe- ed properly devolves on Congress. No unconditional order has been issued by our government for the forces to pass into tbe Mexican territory. The ceastitooonsl go- vernment last summer gave permission for the landing • naval forces at several ports for the protection of the par- sonsaadpropertyofAmertosacittoeos,sadifisproba- ble that, in pursuance of this course, a prevtoioasJ arrangementwilleooabemade,accordingtowhichthe Governor of Tamaulipas will offer no obstruction to theto do the work, and had to abandon i tIn this juncture of affairs the Comptroller promptlycametotherescue,byofferingthe City Inspector to pay all just and reasonable expenditures incurred in cleaning the streets if Mr. Delavan will proceed with the work. Mr.no parallel can be found in the records of the pastTHEWEATHER.—Theweatheratthistimeis most genial and propitious for the crops as well as for business. The spring is in fact two w«*:ks in advance of its ordinary time. Feb- ruarywaslikeMarch,andMarchcomesinas mildasApril. The rivers and canalsarealldon Times, which we give in another column. decline to act directly,he aid not proms*)«» totoaj0 -"**^*y««rciaeapowerfulinfluence effortatogotthestreetscleaned;aadundertheS^watdandcarriedintopracticebyJohnw^aat^ruW; od. Haws and Delavan for their persevering '** *V****** •«*"He-»*Itseematobenowprettywellascertain**! presorta-racgementitisprobablethatbefore/ Brows,th?store?andwarehousesoftheme- that Russia will not .perhaps they may be surprised to behold bow suddenlythestormwillsubsideiatoacalm. These British philosopher* do not understanden,aavyyardsaadNewYorkand ,fortheImproperoneofmoneyto<nflusacingfederal1 to b«* wishvd.iopg time.out politicians yet.Untitled DocumentNewYorker's ever uttering thewords,('b\en tive,andinallprobabilitywe might havein- revemt," if they should come back again. If duced her to come to New York, where wea new President installed at Washington, and prudentforpeopleinthevicinityofstreamsQT iftbeconservativeelementofthecountrydoesriverstolooktothesecurityoftheirproperty.its duty, as we think It will, by defeating theabolition—or what the, Loudon Tunes would betterunderstandastheExeterHallparty—range,involvingthePresident,But lor the 'irrepressible conflict"' initiatedbythe free States, or than the white laboring classes of any part of the Old World, or aayTCRB.—We perceive, by the recent actioa of the Legislature, that five city railroad bills bate been favorablyreportedupon by the committeepressive monopolies, and guarantee them ceav THE CENTRAL PARK BILL B> THE LEGISLA- fortandconvenienceintravel CityrailroadsIN PETTO COMINO TOAMERICA.—Weworth while to bring the Prince of Wales here; for although we have no doubt that be is a very nice, well-behaved young man, still he is only majesty in petto—a king only in prospective— and for that matter may never come to be a king at all; for though the amiable dispositionThe English public are greatly enamoredcftheirownformofgovernment Theythinkthat there is and neyer will be anything like itin the world, and they are always telling us so.At thia time tbey fancy that on account of the JohnBrownraid,andtheactionsoftberepub-generalamnestyhitheirease, nIsamatteroffreetcontract for these boxes, which are aatoag the Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 