 WOL. II--WO. 2728.|iili)*tk ffime^. NEW-YOKK, MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1860.PRICE TWO CRNTs.'j rtVT 'TBE JAPANESE EMBASSY. niii KfAiiuu noi nuiBiLPiui. BODHHTS MtaHQ TK BOOTE*epr^ieitee, visages,here, as at most parts ofropebftweencltlzeinandformersbont-Isr-.tCplentfi deceptionof stearration, from the Tldnlty of Chsst- g^itieat a^ IMath, to the Camden and Amboyassigned poalUoas in the procession, and afterrespectivetheirBiambles, near Cowes, but floated off after two hours detention.Untovorsble weatoer havtog retarded toe work ontoe Great the Dfrectors defer her Eastern,«ij polBttaking becoming shsfe,to toe26toofMay, hasjastbeenpublutwd.tout tt TfUnxit-street, was ooeopled by the aiflMi, aaiag wkom the ladle* presented their accua-posedof I—« P. Xi4tfit,SERENADE AT THETb<i enormsos piles of baggage were safely I tB ei^aeaa wagons, the seventy-six Japanesethe host The Habanas fragrantcarriages.First, came a corps of mounted Police,(.not mentioned—wito a Tlew to aaiin this,disapDointmeat was expressed by thelongto the care of thefile ofmilitary downof thaiB^QBing Display of tbe City Soldiers. Japanese. TVese were found to be admirable In every respect, and elicited commendation from all.saiaNeapolltim naval ofiSeers.liiMiiilllSceMs at tt« Landiag and Alwg BrMdway.ETiCDlTE PALBRXO.ClcTKy PreacldniK In Faver tiated to toe Royal Pdace andsituated at the two Caaaa.«Mah««': ,i ;:»iBifal at tte litMftftu Mil.'^*TMTM'*' "'*'.lu!%• V''from theTke titp from Philadelphia to Amboy occupied deputation Philadelphiatlcewouldbioagkt bouquets, with which they showered thestrangera—aloralcomplimentmuchenjoyedafter& tedious ride. Although the Japanese were rather Boiethanordinarilywelldressed,andTommyhad"an a pair of pants of a paitlcolarly loud" pactem,Four toeu-knownJtewtill be any otoer than a direct negative.etrenautaacespermit. Some,however,:when,ataqnarterpasttwelve,thetrainreachedAm- tersasfollowsber.PKSPAKATIONS FOR THEIR RECEPTION.:tion, we had hardly looked for saeeess soLord Jobs Rcsseli., to tbe course of his remarks, and so complete. In a little more than tbiae weekspose, and arrived at Pier No. 1 shortly before 10to the Embassy having been all safely put on bbard, the Alvia started on her re-York, at the City HaU. The Governor of toe Statewhom tickets bad been sent, but who had Inadver- attoes welsoming tbe Embassy.toe City Hall.Brlgaoter- General Hau will dfrect toe Seventohope tbat bis work is not yet dona. Tha|t genisM torwaslint ofRome,andtently left them behind,werep<remptoiily farblddentowerehave themherttofore. Tkeirsaemedtobea greetedgeneral disappointment in theli personal appearance, dered to them frooi the tips of Aldorasanic kids. Co and tbe absence of ri^-h and gorgeous dresses, withtoteUlgenoeshown to the siaftwhich bewiiiJeied toe Austrtans last year bymtills City aad the surrounding country, presented Stwmselves at the gangvray and urged their claims,fcnt all to no unless " purposemore compUcatiid cvUint, Nor did they spam theCol. LiPfEais will report to Capt Dcfosr on behalf of toe Embassy and the Committee of Arrangements, at tae Jtetropoli'an Hetel at 1 o'clocK P. M.Sicily, revolutionary naovement tocould answer the de-mand of Show your ticket" This was all proper thisG^niUALBi will receive not only the sympatov hattoe full confidence of all wbo are toiereated in mebsiveea hisea on,ito too s»TMini» doneda^ioHtical position "*?»TMJJfhoaerved In the of tkkets there would have isstilngfeelingtn"?!"eentaat themselves nin,of the frequent sight green seal pressed upsn ,„ attention MsJapan-Tlie Palermothey|''G«rihaMI—Piaofo OrlateauBordentown and other sratlaDS, the crowdaU along the roate was great, the waving of handker-eklaft, Aotteilng of crinoline, aad delicate screamsweleeinlBg the visitors. Toe Japauess, however, est to every nation on tlie face ot tbe globe, and tomoned te Naples, and it was reported ne would be Ministry.Bagton,wars too mnch accustomed to such demonstrationsAs the of great commercial emporiumsiruggle.point our City Fathers found them wonJerfallyat oncethat one morning paper had been sn»Ued with tick-ets for five day. TOMMT, for in-whichmostofthe Easternnationsare asso- usuallyR4>gimentLafayette-placeTHE RETOtCTION IN 8ICI1.Y. mGarlbaldl'a Tietary fJaaflnaad—The Latest A-asa tka Seau af War.Itallsn cause. He has shown tbe dlfierence fool-bardtoess sno toat boldness whici,eaough, and if (he same impartial rule liad been ob-apt and docile, and a fellowThe Troop ofthe Seventotoe Adjutant-General, at toe Everett House, at 12)4sprung jp between them which cemented itself la a jovial con- been no cause of complaint, but whan it was found viviaUty and good feeling, anj lent its color to aU tbeRegimentwill report tosubttquent prooce^lin-s of the reporters, while others had to stance, was so joyfully affected !,y thehonored by bowing, wkerchief, and laughing gayly. lodeeU all theese seemed to enjey the reception amazingly, au>l the Princes, elespile their gravity, were evidsntly pleased.By order of .Major-General StNFORD. GEORE W. MORE L, Division Engineer,A'-iing Division inspector. Nsw-Yoax, June 17, 1800.F. A. BooLS. Chairman of toe Joint Committee on Reception.Cu&SLSS G. CttHNKLL, Chairmaa of toe Committee oil Arrangements.inspectionprsptratioaewhich ludbeen madefrom Fort Bam'.lton as they passedHhrough the Nar- chargesrows, bat as it was tiippased the AlUa wouU tike the Meboptdltan. The Att.bassadors and suite were im- te ntlon of acoostog the English Nary of hastag aa- - Is i?-* Inside route from Amboy, the order for a salute was mediately conducted to their apartmbnts—physisally baldi and tke NeapttUtan General. sisted at toe disembarkation of Garibaldlaas ultar-The boat had beenwas leaving the boat—and, by directions ofexlillarallng in the extreme, and It was evident from were left to thefr much-coveted privacy. The entire TBE ROTAL TROOPS„ toe foUowfru '^She, .->«4~1tVAiLACB'a opera of " LorUoe," Tke first half hour City. a'ter the departure was derotsd by the party to anAmerleans on to the esd af theboard that the Embassy was not saluted by the guns Broadway, tha carriages returned, and left theirmously resolved to request tbe commander NespoUtaa squadron to eaase firtog on the to wa.awr '•;•« S 13:r Sjof theon board the boat ka the accommodatioB of theIt Is assened toat Sigsor Caiata, to reply to ea»' Messrs. LiLAtni, at the AnAmiistieeCoBdaded between Gari- platots of Mr. Eluot, has decltrad that he nal no to-and fumlsbed thnraghout.and was perfeetly clean aad In elegant aider, this balBg her first trip for the seasoa. The sa- •oas, of which there were four on the main deck,were aad so as to afford the richly carpeted, arrangedutmost privacy to the Ambassadors, should they de- sire it A smsll room, in the rear of tha boat adjoin- ingtkeladlea'saloon,wassetapartforthefourAm- bassadors, the ladies' saloon itself was inttnded forof the as Embassythey approached the BatteryFrMCKlatioBS, tbe sixteen officers ef rank, while the main recepdoa rooB, adjotnlag, togatker with the large saloon in the fOTward part of the boal,wss designed for the use of the atteadants sad servants of the Esiibassy. The prepa- rations for the coilatioD which was to be served up on tke boat during the trip from Amboy to New- York, were ample, and toe provisions of all iiinds abundant. Thispartoftbeentertainmentwasunderthesuper- vision of Mr. LiLAss, and wa^ gotten up after tbeThe EadMny and Naval Commissioners were much delightrt with tbe preparations of the Messrs. ted about in every dlrectioa the music of Oon- Liuiis. Tha tasteful decorations of the halls and^w^ ^KefPTWN BY IKE MAYOR TO-DAY.The Patrit stotes toat adispateh bksTbe fint JfajpaBcae Smbusy to any foreign na-«a ku at J«a(tb arrtrcd at New-Yerk, the Jeddo of bestJMarlri a>d It beoonaa cor doty to clinmJele the need be said. The Ambassadors were provided withthe Princes dawn to theof welcome arose from the vast assemblage, an^ the found everything prepared for them In as nearly theirthe GalivaT Iilne.suh—ir~r» —4ataUa ot lt> eBthndastlc reception. tEAVING PHU-ADELPHIA.;waving of bats, banners and handkerchiefs, as far as the eie could reach, bespoke the universal greeting which awaited their arrlvaL A landing was soon effected at Pier No.gratefully rice, fish, ham,PoncT, Sunday,June 17.An Philadelphia knew that the Japanese were to]WT« lor New-Vork on Saturday morning, and appa- thirty plates each, in the lower cabin1, where carriages were In wait- ing to receive tbe Embassy, bn either sidethefr long ride.Potot at 6U P. M.Londonderry to-day.members of the Invited and MBttj detarmlaed to aae the laat cf their dlitlngnlabed press. guests,others had a table opposite that of the Committee of Arrangements and the hlghotEcers of the Em- bassy.by theJapanese will be as private as though they weresteamship City of WatkingtnleRLiverpool atof thea table in their own private roomw^blch is all thatstyleMetropolitan Hotel,As the boat ncared the dock, cheer after cheergrinning barber. Theyall toe honors of war, aad embark wito thefr on board tbe Neapolitan squadron.the officers of rank had another, in connection with the Committeeown style as could be and most devised,FiTBzaThe steamship Behemian, from Liverpool atThe Potrte asserts toat toa eapitalatlDB of toe aaiwof Keeeption, between the saloons, fore and aft attendants were accommodated with two tables, ofandwith*i aa. early hour the atreeta In tM vicinity«(«ke Contlaeatal Hotel were crowded with the thoa-aafc ef tk« eniieaa, anzloua to get a parting sight,aal It was with the greatast <SfflcuIty only that Te- sadorial collation on the return trip. Meanwhile, the lowed theat Jeddo orNagasaki. The Princes' rooms, comergmt^».Toe chiefSuch were thekldM of aar descrUHlaB could effect a passage. Et- intervenloR wants of the party were not forgotten. attendants, who were allSaloon. Thus comfort that everygra"ndambas-Mr. LiLiaD, who never forgets anything pertaining to the comfort of his guests, nor lacks anything calcu-notIfcais. so tar aa the jam would pennlt.Aaoatktai^erisncehadtaughttheNavalCem- ofthegreensea.fromtheupperdeckbeforetheyarrangementsfor thegraadmoney could pro- cure has been provided by the Messrs. Liluid for thefr distfriguished guests. Yet, amid the enormous press of business upon them tbey found ample time to provide excellent places for the mem-"» Sldly weiawas mindful of the fact that sea- air is a great whetter of the appetite, as well as pro-com- garments in proper order, andlated to promote it,moter of Alaermanlc thirst. The party werethe folds of their awaited the order to move.Militia, under Gen. SA!isrosn,be8idesIthe long line ofThe Ceaelaslaa of tke Armlatlee—PaaUoa ACalra.nimity, and was voted a brilliant Idea on the part oftween Gabibalsi aad two—names NeapoUtaa~which topped off the entertainment disposed the p artakers thereof to aantique plumes, and about them. All of them bad and peered to divide tbe honors pipes and tobacco,Their rustyweather-beatenable sppear-^Bce. and they were In doustregarded bj fje Japanese as the military pttrl-atefcg of thf. land. Theyhad with them uponthedock two brass cannoit, which they Intended to takealong, bo', for some reason they failed to get themaboard 'the boat. At a few minutes past ten the Alida.left t>ie pier, amil the cheers of tha crowd, and theBiasle of Dodworth's Band, which played from thepromenade deck an aalmaltog Maieh (rem VraoER eyes as they approached the Battery. A good deal of vors on tbali voyige from Aspin wall. After passinggave them avener-the line, aad. Indeed, to attractThe salute being over, the Ambassadors resumedto favor o(Bcerf,toe of SicUy.newly paintedCapt Durosr, their actions that it far transcended anything they receptioQ, atrvgemeala on the Alida, mlUtary dis-The Afmfrntr__.,.pnbUshes-and a Committee of Ar- and followed the rest of the Embas-quite creditablefiis; proauaent recognition in municipal or the na- Claude Molnolte paradoxically calls theand what Letterssquadron say toe armis* which in this tostance latoe thought to t>e wall to-Ms not saloon. the precautions of the As they approached the boat the Band struck up a themselves.Bsmmsd, ay aeespanlon, said,steep PhUaddiMa''; aad although keeping awake• few osments by the excitement of eachstatlen, he, like most of his compantons, soondiayped to sleep again. The fame of the Japanesehad preceded them even in New-Jersey, and at every they bad embarked on the steamer. station the platform was crowded with a multiluila,eager to get a view, the opportunities for which wereazcellcnt, as the flattening of a thoosand nosesagainst the windows testified. It was like showingt^ t^e Jspanese In a cage, and most have been highlyadUytag to the pilncet. The females wets, as usual,fDsaauwt, and thrust their beads as far forward asMayor Wood, on the one hand, stood on hisA circlecentre of theside, and tbe Committee of tbe New- York Con-.jnon Coiucil on the other, the remainder of the Emaa«sy,Piedmont,having saloon,lusicateAmbassadors were conducted 1 1.3 boat, "nneretheir eyes, while the disrl ay ofdressedfemalesreceptionof theJapanese Embassy—ad late yeara eo manybaggage belongingfallen forever, that looksn'Oa nay satorallybetbe airangwaentswere to way up Broadway, ai he rode open cilUclsm. The entire partyon in the p recession Itchind the treaty box.After the lunch had beenJapanese scatterea themselve:; about over all puts of the steamboat, mixed in with the•d appUcaiftt felt that the beautifulThe barracks of :^aawhich man. andclaimed,feMid tka AIMS, as she leftopened a breach to tlie houses surrounding toe Cus- now appears toat Gauhalbi «;"e« »tombouie. Politiial prisoners iiave been set at lib-the pier, numbered some- comprising both Beards of (ba CoBBiOB Cennell, seventeen veterans of T* fouroityhJ't.nSefa-esSn'tfciag over lee persons,prope-ly disrosed o' theNew-Yorkers on military force paying thciu the compliment of aMaihSWI, ) g-rrf tarfosseeretanes. Ahas beenoftheThe s'ruggieonly one,dlsappoint-Aideimanic by friends, tliat a broad grin overspread hisfollowing«gtheCoBUBlttee,forwhichsomuchcreditwas countenanceallthebe;*"; -^JlVfit•tfvs etorksof the two<to pleea*)—ten or a dozen memoers of the themseh marchingFaisAT, June I.Aa armistia kas teen conetudei between the Royal driven from toe island, aoJ.ofenteredthe dis-The Jiaminonia mail steamer arrived at thisBoards, Dodworths Band— board. In unrestrained freedom of Intercourse, amiPress made es generally a;;rceable. Nearly ali of "f thetalotr. The Frinccs mjst acknowledgedB»T LITTLE SnirPISOT. ciiiusm, we have aavices from Bkbia to.>Uy 8.Tbe sblpptog at that port was very«a MstftosoUtan Paiicemen, and Mr. Waeur them have learnt more or less wordsliXLim, wlfh a corps of servants from tha Metre;4>i. what caanot ba commonicatea to them laStaa Hotel. The " Veterans of speechstandards, but were finally oirUgea toresuaiethairsaats. TheyevincedmocbmoreIn- tel est than in the Washlngtoa, Baltimore or Fhlladel'"oJf'iifr rt^oMrcKr-trotfs and tke trstps of CaritnUi. The armistice still tojustice even in tbe capital 'h'^,"'?°,i ,» the mill-themselves,deseeodaatiaswascald—Zox;ia<«rta!.'oreceptions.fine, broad avenje gave an ex' foi the dltplay of oar ciceilsittoo meagre, and webefoie our readers a detsue"—*f•atura af theeager tolearnfromce lentcitiunccidiery. Tbe Seveatb Seglir.£at (over eight couatry is suftr jig .'or vrast of rain. F.'OVis.'cnc tr.i leran has produ.'^d a feverish agitation here. Af^f^^jS^•x"i-justworthythe heroes of the arolnttoB, Israwd a prominentvey Inforsutlon, and exjl^a anythl-.g to relatingUntitled Documenttoe harbor b -.jseverbad so lltt'eshit/pin;. Theand*7«," as they called they cEtily catch by n»n',omime. Tlisy seemed pbiitogaylyfence, and in short every aland joint along the roatehave seen sointerpreter,fountain,"perfumed wasforcedtogranttoearmisticeforwantofammu-been formed around a table in thetoat her Ambassador at Naples wUlnith the Ameaasadors on onewito toe of the other repiesentativsswith the invited and ether outsiders gueststogetheroccupyingchairman of the Committee, welcomed the strangers in the?CkiVAM, the I'Pited States interpreter, into Dutch, and from Dutch was rendered into Japanese by theproperfor toeA dispatch dated Naple, June 3, saysthe uaek following speech,Alderman which was translateddischargespurpose of joiatog Gaubaldi. ''tenention in The answar Ot Bicily,ground.Coaiiiu, tbeEoglaaols ait but I cannot brinar myself tobdlere thatofficial interpreter of the Em'iassyYork, I take great pleasure in offering yea oar ii^s- IJth (Brooklyn);..;17.-. ««{I11th " On btbalf of tbe anthorlties of the City of New- 12-.hFrom tkejjondon Timss, Jmu 4.tfesy did sot seem to impress tbe crowd favorably asto thaii dress and personal appearance. Tommy, pitaliiies. It improper that the first I6presentatives 17:3bowsver, received the customary attentions. At Bor- of tbe great Japanese nation who have ever visited 5Sth (uicludmg troop)79th Total120 it has become legitimate reporters,3-i ' 3511 special46(1 35.) 201)lostog three guns and two flags. The city has stoce been declared m a stote of stege."publish to-dayour shores should be received with those courtesies SS'h which New-York always extends to distinguished 7l5tJapanese reception ceremonies.The crowd to the vicinity of the Mefropo litan last entrusted wito toe fermatioa of a newstrangers.the United States, our City is bound by ties of inter-evening, impeded locomotton oa Broadway to a con-siderable extent, though the curiosity of the gazerswas but occationaUy gratified by the sight of a Jap-anese. Tbe Common Cound! Committoe had a ses- STORE tuted toat anotoer vote £!>oa,000 on ac- master ef toe island. In anone mere waimly than to Japan, by the recentticaty, from which we have every reason <o exoecttheyremained untiltstUliancymen havebeen foimd wanting to toe day of trial, acd then:(including troop"•'elocii. AwaitingheruponthedockwareaeoUectlon of people, comprising all those who had turn to New-Voik, the steamer ThoiiMs B. Way fol- it said, the procession moved along almost unab- on toe oecaslon.;guardeda long line of soldiers of the Eight Regiment, whichfront upon Broadway or Prince-sfreet and in themthewhile tbesoup,appetites All of theand r^oms, (numbering 78,)byMr.of reporters to see the Japanese ^uarteis, andfor otlier facilities usually extended to members of toe Press ; and in consequence of toe inability of the Committeesand tosurgento, havmg several pieces of cannon, attackedCatoniaontoe1st. Theywerebravelyre-pulsed by Gen. Clat, wito toe Fifth Chasseurs, one SpIcadU regimentofLancers,andsomeartiliery. Aftera;Pays aad CoMtittKiowuI say toat toe trtaaah decbdve, and of tkof New-tickets for the trip, and as man; more who had not, lowing closely In her wake. Lunch was immediitely strur^ed Xhiough the sea of huauaity. At the Gen. SsaronD has Issued the foUowlog orderbwt who hoped by hook orselvesonboard. Thelatterwerean. The Committee had l>een very sparing la the Issce of Ueketa, and for once their rulescesses inItalyfhistorynary military commanders toatbyerookdiK»BPou,ed to aMuseum,the vt.rigastois <=eiMn has produced. He to no longer to be rackoaea among those who areaspiriag te a grMt Bamejjwaoto smuggle them-served up at the various tables before mentioned, and tbe Japaaese, oiually with the Earbailans and thehotels,thecoraersofthestreets, Uaion-SQuarr, and at the Hetropoliian partlcu'.ar- ly, the CTJShwas terrible to endure, aad fearful to( jofothers, and were aaxo is to con-Reglmeots'It i's of little use f.)r us «> success hw '"^"I^ishtngEogUsh,next at noon. . Tbe towa of G'rgenti has risen.Navlu, Tuesday, May 29."'°"smoked atIndulging In two or three whiffs at a time. Large tioB as the Japanese themselves.ugIntervals afterumbers of them were attracted to the promenideprobably rot given.The scene that greeted the eyes exhaasted with the four hours' reception since their;be only wished to jastlfy tha eoaAact Mikk - ,'frequentluncb, thoughdeck to bear the music of tke which band,tbefr carriages, and, a althoughl»e ..appeued to afford ttem great enjoyment Tke artists of thehad ever witnessed before. The iaaniserable flagsplay, police lagalatlmis at all Dolnts, from the Ur.d-AUda, decorated with flags, the myriads of sail-aoats, row-boats, and other species of water-craft that flit-guarantee for tbe territory of the two 81has also demanded tbe intervention of the MarithB.Powers.woiTB'B Band " Hail playing;Columbia;" the thous-staircases with objects of art andornament,thegar.and fro on the Battery, standing upon Castle Garden,frescoed Japan dining -hall, with Its Japanese picturesandemhlems,tnespaciousrooms, of profusion t>aths,delioloasgardens,andabove theall, absolute pri-vacyfromIntrasian,charmedanddelightedall, frompoBcd.andcombined beautiful,imposingandsublime.coveringhousetops makevicinity, allall the together tointbeup a spectacle at onceacted as the guard of honor is the escort. Ambassador, accompanied by Capt. DoreiiT, was thefirst of tke Embaisy to land, andseat in the carriage provided for him. He was fol-olt aute tbat aa by other Ambassadors, olEcers of rank andsteamship Fulton, from New-York, anlved at The steamship Tiatonia, whUe being towed fromseats, adjusted their cues inAs an appropriatea grand serenade wastbe evening at the•kug* pvnctaani, ^id titey judidously arranged that below. The Invitation was accepted with great una- lets than six thousand men of our First Division of minated with upwards of 2,000 Venetian, lamps, and ty of a fortoer dlsappototmentLondon Tinta. JaneIme^ laeyallowed, therefore, to become stirfelted with thesightfinalt givenJapanese reception,inTheA telegram from Naples, dated laat night,view took place on board an EngUsbvasaelof war at Palermo, either that day or tha day prevloas. be-THE PROCESSION.The procession was one of the finest displays of theto thefor a short time. will tail within atheirQueeastowntoSouthampton, got agrotmd on the;roamed into Councilman Vis Tcir, llsauther, as 11 wis tii; tbe delicious shade and cooltional receptions of the Importance ef the Treaty,light."The members of the Common Council Committee" the Alida into the ladles' receptioD-room or main phii Councils, and Eome outsiders, who. in spite of subject of the reception of the Embassy by the Mayor,akamt two tunas, during which time most of the Jap- rangements, byaaasa srlaead tbe effects of their vigorous visiting sy, approached the New-York Reception Committee, to PhOaMvlila, by constilting Mfspbeus. Siro by whom they were received and conducted on boardNext to Tommy came forty more carriages, contaii-ing the members of the Cossaion Cosnell, PhUadel- had a conference with Capt Dofost yes'erday on the.Mesitoa wastog, and toe Neapolitan troops were becoming more the Two Sicilies, and tit tntervention of tke mvi-badJapaaese^maich, composed by Mr. Habvit DonwostB Of the appearance of onr well-known and aft-de- receive the Embassy anywhere but at the City Hall. (The clergyexpressly tor the occasion, and contii'jedtoplay until THE RECBPTIOK.Capt DcTOST, for the Princes, on the other hand, setspeak in 'detail at this time. Gen. SAsnroui's ar- forth the fact that the Mayors of Washington, Balti- note, had demanded a guarantee for the territory of Powers have sent anaslwreradsyto the Neapfdhatiscribed First DlTlsloE, it Is,perhaps, unnecetiary tolent ato thesession.__^^^__^many sprungfailures forward in toe!Regt)...everyPalermo bas been token by GAsaAtai aflarM orrlsaaia, jscortei by Co. A, SUinecessaryliberty to Europe. Tha la-SCENE ALONG THE ROUTE.To attempt a deUileil descriptian of the scene 3sion and arranged that the Embassy should visit Gov-aaltnee alaost in the presence of the fair spectators, Allow mc, iliustrious Ambassadors from His Majesty along ths rsute of the precession would te to multiply ernor MossiR and Mayot Wood at the Hall at 1 to toe £86,000 afready granted, and that toe Secreta-honors, GaanAisi is nowto ba troubled mock, and aaisly relapsed into som- the benefits will resaU to both co'intfies. greatestofcount of toe Chtoa wai would be token m additionfew days a^fonhast tte garrltuns which have been left la imm otoer of tlie towns on toe toCityuch to the latters' disgust. The Princes preserved theTycoonof Japan, to again welcome you to our the same story for every point from the Battery o'clock to-day, escorted by .toe Seventory of War would shortly give full details of the re- nufrements.coast will be forced surrender, and Fbabcis II. will be finally disposseasadtheir dignified deportment under the gaze of a crowd City."tbatwouldhavedisconcertedthemost stoical Yaa-ka*. They were, so doubt, internally overjoyed BoojBSX No-Ksm, replied through the same icterpre-throngh Broadway, Grand street. Bowery, aroundRegiment Suiieitotoiuient KarniBST was present i'*r tbe purpose of making the re^tiisite Police arrangements. TheTo tills speech the chief Amoassa'wr, Prinze Siunatoat It was" Tbe Ambassadors are extremely gtitiCeJ with the recepUon and cordial welcome extended to them, asd are much obUge:] tc the gentlemea representlag the City of New-York, who have come here to wel- come us."reception only by ticket.place,adsilssionbeingtee.said there was no truto to the rumor that the Gov- ernment intented to postpone toe measure until tosspeedyfrom the oi toe Italian chief wito a hiadfol landiugof men. ibis be^utirui and lang-opiMMsed Islsad laImmediately fullowing this formal reception, thetheir prtvate room,could reach a dense maes oi humin belsgc greetedSPICIAL OBDXB OF GKNIBXL SAKFOBD.proceeded wlih, but said It would be impossible to proceed wito toe Irish and Scoteh measures at thisfabric of despoUsm, which Is totterlM to ba fall m Sontoero and Central Europe, such a fett of arms has seldom been related to bistmy. ^'eUnion-Square,Broadway to the Metropolitan...bad its tenant and ,atCommittee,obtrudeldignity and more affected by ItItme Powers reprtsented at Koples." In retanrangements were exoellent, and Hhen was no /ci;.?fat or delay to mar the occasion. The re- followingrapituiation will give as idea o:' ti:e numbers o' thomore and Philadelphia had all to meet the Em- gonetiassy, and that it would be beneath thefr notions of etiquette to take a different course with toe Mayor ofthe Sicilies, and toat called for toe intervention ofapplica- tion, so far at least as to acknowtoage the receipt of it France (says HutHet's Corresfondsnet) has repuedmilitary Kcc'.mOBt.;CouBcilmen, iiowever,Powar%1st (Cavalry) 2d3d (Hussars) 4th (Artaien) 5tb«th.. 7ihimcludlDgfroop)*th (aislading uroo?) 9thwas to besweltering sun the dangers of csu;>-iie loieil for apeimittod\iew of tbe displ >y.Oi all the public demonstrttlens yet wltncised by the Japanese, this must have beenRECEPTION TO DAY BY THE MAYOR. session. Heonlyabnoat aa much atten-THREE DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE.AniTBl of tht Bobrmiu at Fattier Ptiat.Contradictory AccoTiiits of the dUtely atterwaidsthebombardmaot coouaancad.portion of tbe mUi- tary had dlsperaed, rode down past the MetropoUtan Embassy (ecured a poiition on tbe wbeet house, and feetweea tha soldiers, drawn up on either side of tha were diligently engaged in sketching the scenery on street On passing tne Metropolitan, most of the tbe line of the water, and noting down all points o' Japanese joyously recogaized Capt GustizB, of the interest in the animatlsg spectacle that greeted their Psremac, to whom they felt so moeh Indebted lor fa-Sicilian Insoirection.It tl asserted tliattoe English .Umlral havinc at-ti mbled toe ofBeerC of all tbe taietsn rnistils o^war *ii^i(tBcIodtog those of Austria) off Palermo, tha* aasmi- •>ng at Amtay to tha final dlsappearanee of the the City and in the haibor, tbe roaring of the oaimon Frlnees aad safto within theSr princely quartets at from Governor's Isisind, from the Battery, and from the Metropoiaha, were conducted with an order andpetiectD*ss fov«rably eontrastlng witti Qie receptions movements of the steamboats as they rushed ptst tha of ether dUes.The'''«?*?'?'.'"''*• Neapolitan frnopa are eoaeS-flyifigfrom th* masts of theshippingon either side oftbeEnglishsteamerlyingIntbestreamtlM rapidttoMj -litjoin Gailbaldlands of human beings that could be seen swaying to geous furniture ol the Princes' apartments, the newly The Eagliih leftm Bill let to bt Post-immediately toekmanlfestetionof EnAScii !" " Gaioau)! I" and "ralst^d. GS50A, Saturday, Joae 1.The report of Brno's death Is uafoqadad, as tha journal of toe expedition, written by Bcao himself opdayiaiM Ikt.jLlit diSealty of raOTtng their extensive were Invited t* a contemplation of the " green seal '' kind ever witnessed in the City, and comprised no MetroiMiUtan Hotel. The hotel was billtantiy illu- tore will not be announced until toere Is so possibili- received here this momtog, snnouneesihtaaa later-two iM)» ahnnild be span; to the preparations for de-—an achleVeuent ofkovr a{pol>ted promptness bassadors on their arrival at Amtioy. Returning to completely sonounded the Common Council' Com-candlelight Broadway, for two afreets men,yartara._r <iciaed and seated' In carriages or coaches, quiet, serene and contemplative mood, that eminently Regiment troop, and the Eighth Regiment Engineer cle. Over tbe main entrance*) the hotel, the word York, and Tuesday, toe lOto of July, for Boeton, and hours was agreed to, I am nnabla to say wUehand on footto witness theWelcome" shone forth In large letters formed bytlce. Theresultisthatanarmisticefor.children,dazzlingspecta-twesty-toarTheWashiogtonGraysandSeventhwomen andon Tuesday, toe 26to of Jane, fromGalwayto New-earrlej out that the entire coeapaoy,ttf dock beforeJhe farry-t>oat arrtved. dock near the RaUroad landing. She took the the first, second and third Ambassadors, In aesarate aumDerirg 100 pieces, opened tbe serenade with artillery, stormed toe citadel, and subsequently, on a ment The Neapolitans were, aeoordtog to the ae-anaageaiaNIWay,profuselydecorated,and filled withpeople,had carriagesCouncilCommitteesandcityTke scene so tbe boat was quite Ulustratlve of thedaaof Aiaetica i>d Japan. £ach of the strangers' same as was orlgmally intended for theit^tm eoiaUned the productions of both countries, san- being low tide the AUia was obliged to go and return The Japanese Treasurer, Governor and Secretaries citizens. During the playing of tbe band the Japan- the soyal froops of Gaubassi. LA5iAwas the person who freated wito GAaasi.Bi, dal* aad shoe*, opera glasses and sworJs, valises, by the outside route through the narrows. The whole followed in eouples, occupying opea barouches, and ese all appeared at the windows of the hotel, waved The Neapolitan froops were concentrated to toe ano^at It was on board the Bngllsh shto ff-rnmiM jaHaalM and silk sacks, new hats, aid gloves, books, shore in the vicinity of the landing at Amboy was immediately after the feature of the procession—the thefr handkerchiefs, and signified in every manner Ro3ral Palace and casUe, which are sitoated at the toe armistice was agreed to. ButtfaeinoMfraportsBl>l|isn from Niphon and Colomtia mingled lined with lads and Jerseythe of which they were capable thefr delight and gratifi- two extremities of Palermo. Gajubaidi demanded facts Is that terms for the eraenattoB of Falaraao aaddown with presents and purchases. All 1 the ihrelisst Interest in the scene on the Del- *, tbe Navy- yard, boats and scenery. They left, kawaver, without a parting caeer or a formal lesve-train from Philadelphia had not yet arrived, and am-ple time was afforded for the Aliia to adjust hefself to consignedIgnobly the top of an omnibus, and at Piiilodal-titms from the opera of " Robert le Blable," the over-Otoer dttpatches assert that the eapttototlon waswarethreepassengercars andonebaggage caiprovlded specially tor the convejaoce of tne Em- havf and suite, and such others—among whom wereNothing of the wagon appeared bntthe bright painting and silver iiukf of th* wheels. There was a platformAdvices from Naples of toe 8d, received via Genoa, rtate thattoe Ktog refused toe conditions of capitnlj- tion, and toat hostilities would recommence at noon.A from Turto annotmces toe renen^al of dispatchtoe bombardment. Palermo was and barricaded,part of tbe Royal froops were surrounded by insur-!With the exception of the— weretke BMmbcrs of the Press as famished wi haad flags festoons and wreaths of flowers, tketoe evacuation wereand toe Neapolitan Generals at an totervlew which took place on board toe English ship flimaiWl. Ftir- toer toformation. however, must be rscatred befora we can understand toe precise nature of thefsssm through the polluness of Capt. Sopoxt. The and for the first time in the history of the world, thewhole surmounted by a the itncpy,ander-by could hardly realize the fact that the Japanese gents.ears were tastsfolly decorated with American Sags,and Iks laooaottve was alaost burled in the streaming col- •n of Japan sad tha United States, roses and riasons. tilt Aabaaadors and Naval Commissioners occu- pied the dM ear, with the sixteen firs: olEcers and in- tsrpiatais. The other cars were set apart for serv- aata, repurters, Fhlladelphla Couneilmsn and others, at considered worthy of riding in the same car with tka Ambassadors.natives of Japan and Jeisey beheld each other fac*toface. TheJerseymenappearedastonishedandex-cited, but the Japanese not a bit. The former with velvet-seated chairs for "Tomhi" and fa's at- appearance with the scene on Saturday, and the waved their handkerchiefs and made various saluta-tory demonstrations, but tbe latter took no more no-tice of them than if they had been oldand Jersey had been only an adjunct ot their ownisle. The four Ambassadors, escorted by the UnitedStates Naval Commission, thegoneA later telegraph, dated Palermo, eventog of the arrangement made. Tbe Patrie and other jour-routebetween Staten Island and theJersey shore, the open barouches, accompanied respectively by Capts.the dock and the perlectarrangements for the emDatk- phiaandto thelongretinae of officers secretaries, physi-presenceof amilltory stores. Moreover toetelegrapbsajs—aad toe fact is accepted here as true—that tlietermeof.4^t<ia,but it Dcpo.^T, Lsi and Posin, of the Naval Comminion. vociferous applause on the part of the thousaads of politan forces, an anqtstice was concluded between toe foite commandtog Palermo. 6^ Since toe fbiegoliic was written I leara toattriumphal car, orIB ekamtig canfoston, each being 'completely of sail and row boats swarmed in tbe harbor. The guarded by the immortal Tosnrr. It will be recol- cation. The Torch Dance," by MimssES, selec- toat toey should evacuate these positions.lasses,and alarge fleetpsgoda,containinglected -iat at Washington the treaty-box wastoeforts ^ttaa NeuoUtaaswerethsaaadthanar-ranged. The Naapolnan troops wen to embaAsrlto arms snd matinel de gwerrt, and to tend aBhcr atMeistaia OS Naples, wihnit baiax asslislsifayOm-uto aad EagttehTreaty" acquaintances, withpainted on the four sides, tagathcrfront windows or balcony, and the princes did not stfr from their rooms. A n'omber of the under-officialsThecarried out, but negotiations conttoued.from toe Frenchoccupied had not beento Baltimore,tare tonational afrs, were played at Intervals -by Iheand received the applause of the spectators, bathsignedHmaOoZ,to which tt'was sUpnlatod that toe Neapolitan armyi takiag of any kind, except the Interview with the the boat except the Committee of Arraogeoients, who Tin Tdi devised this plan for treating the box and Jspanete and Aaaari.wia. At the otose of tbe sere- 2ft.000 sfrong, should quit Palermo wito all the honorsaayora>dCouncil's CommitteeouFridayevenlns, alraady dsseribed la tke Tnos. Therewasnoes- •sstto tlte boat, except the Mw members of tbe Com- mUlm g( Amingaaeais, so that the Phllaleiphlansto ba ntiisr neglectfol of their departingstationed themselves at the lanaiog, a few feet from the boat, and awaited the arrival ot the Japaaese,At 123i o'clock Uie train frtim Phfladelphla came in, and ever>body was on tiptoe to gat a peep at the coppei-colored stransers. The excitement was In- tense, liul it was of sLort duration, for immediatelythe Ambassadors, with theirof high rank and low rank, artists,cians, cooks and servants, issued forth from the cars,TovaT with commensurate re^oet. ^Bs of Anaas* Express- wagons, draws by six of the finest hoisea la the City, ooastitated the veUele. bat so completely was this transfermed that it sasmad to have bcea entirely built for the occasion.mtde fiuea ofaaen were given for toe Japanese, threeof war, and embark wito thefr saaterial on board toeFVeat tike BaHtXems.Pabis, Satardar Evaato^Closely followtog upon toe news that the aiBMsa concluded by GAaaAioi bad been iiili iidiifl In t>ationoftheEmbassy. NoonewasallowedtoleaveHere, however,thk fsrtllecharge of policemen. genius of CouncUnsaa JtnaFrench inlervoitlon this eessatlon of the Palermo is owtog,caraage atcovering all else, profusely decorited with aadcrowd on the shady side of and the Broadway,banners,agreed uooa between GAaaA&aiapex of which was a huge red kali—the, Japanese insigida. Themany-colored lanterns in every windowthe pass-A General is said to have Neapolitaninterior was carpeted anddecorated,andprovidedsuite werewithin. TheplacesfronglycontrastedInover to toe insurgents,tendanls, who guarded the treaty, and in order that surgbig, swayfrig mmltitude that flocked to thenals of tbe 3d, announces toat toe bombardment had not been re- " speakPalermo army as havtogII., 45,)2ij 74,) 3a) 650 35,) gj... 6CJceive toefr opioluns ad rtfinndnm...TioHbetook themselves to thefr nationalTho evacua- morning.of Broadway and are Prlnee-tfreet,and communicate dfrectlv with the garden and Niblo'sbers of the Press to witness the procession,L,et^ters f,rom „from esrlynorth and south of the hotel, was filled with~"jets of gas, while oa either side wereso on demanded this every second Tuesday. For tha hoauward partytemporary stispensloa of hos- passage, toe first departure from New-York Is fixed tilities, toe dlspateta being silent on that poiat This is to be regretted, as we might be anie the promenade deck, they distributed themselves mittee sad Japanese guests, so that even without the lanterns extendlag from the balcony to the eves of for Tuesday, the 17to of July, and toe first from Bos- to form some notton of the relative Tnaflltlniiieaarayed to the farry-tnat landing precisely at fitted them for a dignified reception of the august Am- Corps, Drum Corps, and Guard of Honor. This lastand for the &rst time effected. TVe aane oalhe way to the boat pirtook of all the^IMpyramids oftbe building, aad surmounted by Japanese and Amer- ton, fo^Tnesday, toe 3lEt An extraordinary meet- of toe belligeraots. Tbe toet, however, of aaaaralMijiiiiil.about, listened to the music, viewed theaid of tbe police, four of whom each guardedscenery, discussed tbe coming and In varl recepdon,BAiDi still be eonsldeied musllsurroundingear- rlage^-tbe Japanese would have traversed the entireican flags. "Cheers for the "Japanese," the "Ty-tog of toe company was to be held to get authority toborrow money.The lasurrectlon in BleUy.officersgtanilDg a truce of 2» hours to— whsf 6aH-liiliMfi of the public appearance of the Jap-lanealnothBiarrivid,butttiaeSclenteffortsoftbe onswayswhlledawaythetimeuntilthearrivalof lineofmarchiwithoutanyofthatImpertinentscru- coon,"Tommy,"*c.,wentupconstantlyfromtbe paUee weMMKtiullo preserving the strangers from the Alida at Amboy, which occurred a few minutes tiny at the very sides of the carriages wMoh has throng of people in the afreets, and were frequentlyMaiiisfi—ij liiiiiaJflaiMl So complete were the before 13 o'clock. The excursion boat Thomas P. characterized their visit to other cities. In the first responded to on the part of the Japanese by the At the date of the last dispatches the struggle from actual figbttog would be employed by tke Nea-conttoued politans to getting up relntorcemenis. WekBowlfesg thelossoflifebaabeengreatonbotosides,andtoat Witt kag ipd baggage, waited fall tfteen minates on arrived ahead of the Alida, and lay at the their Secretary and Sergeant at-Arms. Next came in the tbfrd story. At 11 o'clock Dodwobis'b Band, on toe29to,GAiuBAtJii having captured part of the Palermo has severdy suffered from the bomhaid-rode the Commonwaving of haadkerchlefb and fans from thefr windows at Palermo, and bombardment of toeIhe ofBclalscere rarely eqaalled. Every will take place to-day, at IJ4 o'clock, by nls Honoryet, to the credit of tie Poiice bewith hisHZAO'q04»TK«3,FlSSTDlVTSIOSN.Y.S.M., Naw-Yoax, June IC, 1860.Sftaial Order JVo. 10 ;largetloBS were carried out to the letter. Even Citythose to ever may be said of their simple diet of boiled rice decorated with Japanese flags and banners, and mot- York will take place on Monday, toe leui Inst, at London to toe 4to of June, two days later toan had"Veteransand rcguU- cussion of the rich viands spread before them. What, witness. -Man) of the buildings oi> the roii*e were Ma>or and Common Council of the of Not- port yesterday afternoon, brtogtog us advices from'76,"zealously upc^nThe of receptiontoe Japanese Embassy by toeon which they Itixnriafe whenishome, itcertain that they have the capai-ity to appreciate, andbeenpreviouslyreceived. Thelesdtogof toterest relates to toe conttoued success and bril- liant achievements of Gasibalhi to aod theprettyaater tke boat. Many members of the press, both of tbe appetite to devour, the artistic compounds ot same fierce curiosity and expressions cf oplaion that Embassy on this occasion.war whichprofler of when ten aspail linggobletof champagneprobableAt allpointstheJapanesereceived with thewill form Une to precisely.ciated. The fame of TbKiir mxst have astonishedhim, for all along the ro'Jte there were loud calls furhim, and hearty greeiipgs when he arrived, which he o'clock, as sn escort to toe Commander-to-Ciiief.atavlngUnion-square tbe Embassy had aaAt opportidulyPapers, news has been received fromthe from a stanil erected in front to ilew processionJ. SlTMOrS Susos MxTias,toe of toe Sirlilan temperand people, '^of Sr. Chutib'e Church for that purpose, the entire)Fr*B BaUa.erty.parktillerycaptured.royal authority.TmdoU. glishvesselwastotoeport. FcrthcUttteaTe>.rs„, behis hat and hand-tke London Naflbs, WedoeaiUv, May su.York,will attendby tovitotlon :sharpened by fatiguellieof toe insuriectlon at Palermo Iscspttolation of toe garrison there is no doobt The onlyquesUouforconsiderationIs whatoerthatoaaaa surrenoer at discretion or obtato permlstfoa ^n. turn to Naples.Fioaaaci,Friday,Janewthe gardens or Niblo's Saloon, and enjoyedand declared that it would be belittling his office tofor toete " coacessioiis "—suchpublicly preaching word used—toe Ktog will give his roya! un-New-York. The Commonmade a coup d*^tat by announcing tbat Gov. MoaoAifforand re- Tha Seitiaiaa Covemiiunt, on receipt of toe Bote, lost no tima tala-nieentotlve at Naples, tajnttst agaiaac mf /W«<n <•and that it would 6etbe Princes to call upon blm. This view Is tmdcrsiood to be accepted by the Naval Commis-present also,certainlystaucttogtbeMarquisTnurATAxnu, its rapia-sion.In view of the vast numtier of,-staff,slow to tffer toefr cosfideaea aad admlrauoa to a Interesting Details ef Garibaldi's Soc- levolutionary leaaer. But Gabbibalsi n»s ~!?Regiment to parade as the Guard of Honor to toeTheHH o'clockapplicationsbogu^ample,will, NaplesMETROPOLITAN.departure They conSdeutly expect that sheFrom tkePabis, Satarday.aoj to be peisonally acquatoted with tbe small army of combat of eight hours toe insurgente were dispersed,We heart oftorlons '.a terriblenews which will the gladdenTke Neapolitan be- troops, afterto issue Invitations to the newspapers for all toeof Sicily.Everywhere the same eager, jostling, tired, curious crowd will be excluded from toe Governor's Room, opposition, toe Reform bill was debated to Commit- to retato the island under Bourinn domlaa-downcrowd, ratiently end'iriag for six hours under a where toe is to takeAfter some otutmstve proceedtogs on toe part ofThough beUevtogImposatolaThe Committee of the Common Council on therecepUon of the Japanese in New-York, had made ar-rmngemeats to meet the Embassy at Amboy and con-vey them by steamboat to the City. Tbe steamer^li^.rewlyfittedupforth*dailylinebetweenNew- atthestemofTorkandPoughieepsle, was chartered for the pur- their arrival in New-Vork. The immense piles of wiadow, hotse-lcp, free, box, awning post, brick pile, toe Mayor aid Common Council ofthe City of Nea- IBRITAL OF THE HiSfHONIi. and nationality to accomplish groat tblnrs, havethe most impressive. Everywhere as far as the eye TBB GOTBSBOB OF THX STATI TO BS PSESENI— next toougb; great importance toat the Reform bill for Eagland should be at oncefree,andanotherheavyblowbasbeen totha givenIN POST.By the clipper-brig Mary -4. Furres', Capt. 'Wli. conitoucstobe observed, aad will end eu £lundayNot «a En-able to layaarra-was to last until nition.Tuesday, &th. GAhiBALHi formed, states toat at the rising of a WnSttadatcouncil, presided over by the King to paneiuaad a'tended by all toe members of the iha- Signor Caxata remitted to toe dtotonartoiycal«ftheInsarBents.extremitiesofPalermo. Cei-IPiedmont It Is said, has protested acalast aar' la- terventton.anitad to- day, asserttog that a e^ntvlatiim. kad ketn sirned «s toead tke Hmaahdl ketwetn Oenermt LaasAaSreAa. BAiJiandto*ReeeliitfeiiaijfCommittet.Aeeosrifewto Commencement mt the Mail Service of thedisptteh, toe capitulation stlpulaies thatthalfea- pollten army. 2S MM strong, shall quit Palarma mZSardinian [OiBcers on tbeir Way to T. I ^ .,. . „. F*»»s. Satarday, Jamt S. -„..!' .^«rte';.«>atS'Si'orCAairAha. aimiSSasoon of toe fito, iiiatoe this 7tb, passedThenoon of toe 6to for New-York, and toe nUjuis would leaveSouthamptontoesamedayforNew-York.TheSouthampton on the 7th.ofTbe Fost-OIfice autoorlties had notified the Gal- way line tbat their fortolghtly service Is tocommence«*fortolgbt•' Hail Columbia," whieb was the signal for the most proposition of Gen. Lissa, commander of toe Nea- counts received tola momtog, sOil to iiiissnsnliai oftreaty-box, ""WUIlam Tell," asd a of and variety popularband,on board the Biltlah war steamerLa9ca, GiaiBiui and theRerolattoaary Canmittoe, BAUi's troops. I most aod that itfor the Tycoon, asd threa for Doswoara'sBand,NeapolitonSubsequent dlspatebeswas true. only partiallyaftor which toe Embassy retired to thefr the rooms,crowd dispersed, and In due time the out la their sockets.todlcate tbat thisstotement moriow (Sunday,)at nooB, weleamlaletttlailamps THE JAPANESE YESTEBDAY.large gay appearance of the Metropolitan, with its flags andflickeredtog that toe Rmal garrison of Palermo, 2Mti. to number, are to be allowed to ratlre from the dty wito all tbe honors of war, aad to eaiharfc 00 bosrt toe Neapolitan sqoadroni taking wito them tbefr arms andspotnone abould mistake the affair, the words " Japaaese The Japanese were tired, and rarely appeared at tbe newed. The armistice conttoued. Gabibalsi was that word, atfrlbutes the " withdrawal" of^tbewereJapanese iascripticns, doubtless appropriate tostill master of the town, but toe forts were" froops wito toe honors ef war" to an Interrentioa of toerepresentatives of toe Powers at tbe reqasat of the Neapolitan Government All this is vary pazzltag, and toe more so because tbe Cotirrier msiss<>i,the occasion. The entire was designbytoeNeapolitans.capitulationnjuadron.deserted.The entousiasm la favor of Gakibaldi was^aiiti at Naples an important and very curions aa4a. spread- demandtog a 'guarantee of toe territory oftoe maritime powers.said, had pro-quiteto Sicily werecrusade agatost toe Neapolitan GovernmentaIs toe definUa_by the Maapot- Itanauthoritie*—aleaderofrebelswoaMtellagatost toem. Oa toe otoer hand, the Uaa cataedher depar-dertaking to grant to his subjects a highly liberal It was stated toat Senor Ca^ava, to a circular Codstltutltm. It is stated that aereral of theit istested against any intervention, and it is representedtoat an application to toe Emperor of toe French re- ceived an immediate negative.Many officers to the Saidlnlan army had obtatoedfriend ofTke Neapolitan Mtolster at Rome had been sum- surrectlon In Sicily Is ftilly, anJ wa trust finaSy sle-driven fromIn toe House of Commons, on toe 4tta, Mr. Gi.An capltolated, and are to embark oa board the Sag'sGRLAT BRITAIN.positionextension of toeNaples. We give full exfracU below.Telegrafhic Correspondence ofCrlacomo have Uken by thb people. Several houses to toe Stada dl Toledo have been burnt down. The people havemight have conteMed anyentertaise which many of toDsewito It most deeply looked upon "'^'^'^Z^we-',:been..of ar Sauaso is a prisoner.Gen.The news of thectJ.fi:ct feat already taken place af toe Caf^ dc I'Eu-it ofThe following furtoer particulars of tbefiddlag at Psltrmo.have been received. --When Gabiealm arrived at tbe Sljada dl TeWashammed a reueat,but resumed tbe ofTensIve when toetobabltante revolted. A terrible and desttartM '< 3 »jf) fight then ensued, to which many womaa mtOH- U^au^ pated. Tbe troops were at last reonlsed, aadlmaMtsOB toe proposillon of Gen. Laisa aa srmlsHui IM been concluded between the Royal troops and tha'/. v:>riBon ol Palermo has been eonfirmed. t-i—o-n-•w•i"l•l -c^o'"m.m".e^nMvc.e^ tMo^umaovririouw ^K^rjUBK.feeblecapitulated" to Gausibauii, but tha Payt, not llkiuSacceas of Italy—EacUahiJia ofingvessels wito toe usualafterpoelttea, have at lastbis place to aa one of the most extraonn-accurate calcuUtions, Is themilitary genius. Whenheianded wltthl* ^"".SS at Marsala he did tbat which might bare extj^y him for ever to obloquy as a hot headl^d '^^'P^^ He endangered all his past reputation. "* •°t;^^ "^^^ ^^j^ the tyrante who but one roonih a^f ?;_ ,re boa- slaughiered tl.e Sicilians with '"S^m be broughttory operaUons by whlcli^lj boea achieved. Tbe news «'TM°'" u^^upatohw to"telagraa WAK«s,F3<iiy,Tfaaef.''^^ *»" sracoato thesemTto toe 28thhad taken place taere. SlmiUabighes:nause of iil«rty.-.1-'s f ^;-. pArtybothopportnaltyfoiaf sad rotoraiag. ihemtelres, or to tie arto^s wtci ihey carried h-:j:dr*£ men) and the sew B'gUaid ItoEiaeat ^p vcgetaiks a:s very de&r aad ceatcc.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069nsingand bombardment of Parwww.fultonhistory.com 