 I, .: > . : • • "THE CONTEST IN THE STATE; •Correspondence of T b e N . Y . Tribune. i'.changed../his vote and,gaveitto Forney.;In 1858, he*was nominated for Congress in the Westmore- land, Indiana, and Armstrong District, and it was-i\ iHaving spoken of the people of Brazil, let me say a a glimmer of light to direct them in their course; Protection to American Industry—which latter•wordor two in regard to the climate. Many popular although their path is not as devious as that of the clause (par parcntkesis) would be peculiarly popu- ideas in regard to the tropics are essentially erroneous. lar in the northern portion of the State—our parti- This is not tbe dry, insufferably hot place that many "blind gropings of Homer's Cyclops round his sans would unite and labor with great zeal for the suppose it to be. One is. surprised to And the air so cave," still, tbe. perplexities which beset them, the elevation of Bates, encouraged by bright prospects pure, the breeze so fresh, and the nights so charming.the Convention, and principles were utterly ignored and a bargain struck over the future spoils. It is due to the true men who erected the standard of revolt against the Free Trade and Slavery extension policy of the Buchanan administration—the Hick- mans, the Schwartzs, the Forneys and their com- patriots—to say that they are not parties to this un- ion, and will spurn it as will thousands of their fol- lowers. But the State will nevertheless be contest-very reluctantly for any Philadelphia measure. But is oyer one million of dollars annually expended forI1'i1 '• ••••-•I VI • — •-•i,**.jaw and the «cuth-east, in their long journey over is nothing comparable to its agitation. Impressed anticipate the actions of the County Conventions %oe ocean, become thoroughly saturated with moisture. of this State yet to transpire on one point, viz: theycast. Their efforts will be well directed and untir- applied for, the writ returnable on the 26th mat.Tnis wholesale action will probably bring our neigh-•Bke rata waddling along with so many hay-stacks «pon them. ,on the Rio Mimbres. about 80 miles west of • Mesilla.— of Slavery, asserting that the acquisition of Slave cne of the most desirable locations in-the entire Terri- Territory was hostile to the spirit of our free insti- tory. Tbe Aty is beautifully laid out with wide streets, tutions. This ie an approximation to the princi-them, and personal preferences will be made sub- ing of this pois >n. Older men have been kdled off ana do much to develop© the varioue resbaxces of oarordinate to the general good. bj dozens in the same' way. Two-thirds of all the country. Before entering at larjge upon the subject, I •wieh to describe the eaid road, its locaion arid advan-• " .XThe worst exiremes of heat and cold are experienced the maze in which an invincible necessity has in- egates were instructed to vote for Bayard, tho"ugh it They fully appreciate the fact that they must con-*ia tbe United States; and I know not why a person volved them, assume a stand, and promulgate their was urged by the Douglas men, of whom there tent every inch with a desperate and unscrupalous County have been attached by the Supreme Court,Awho can endure the climate there, can not endure any principles, as is their prerogative. were some, that the meeting was informal. In this foe, and they are fully prepared for the conflict. and their bodies must be forthcoming on the 6th,. e&aate in any part of tbe world. connection a Washington correspondent of a Cincin- They will give their noble cause their best energies, to-morrow. Somucli for not paying their debts. *w«t of the climatic changes of Brazil result from For disentangling the intricacies which envelop nati daily thought that little Delaware had selected and they,will carry the State in October and No- Next comes the Select and Common Council of«w»tracewinds. These,sweepingfromthenorth- anyquestionandarrivingatitstruemerit?,there amancommensuratewithherBize! Itiseasyto vembernextbypollingthelargestvoteoveryet Pittsburgh,againstwhomanattachmenthasbeenw•'•p•with thai of some American cities, we shall see that she could support him with better grace than if he to note to what extent and degree the result win tried to got up a bolt, and to indtioe the latter can sell to their customers, at a charge of WITCHER ACQUITTED.—The Lynchburg Republican26&-;l *4®fra&n& fcUri* dtyduringthe-visitof hiamajestyJ H m P e d r o I I . Nothing oould exceed the enthusiasm «s*s ^ ^ j a d f these people manifested at the presence of sovereign. Whenever he appealed in theM*v «r> , ;»>^«r<*-w*J»AW*t** <T.>.••••» « ^ i S• .•of ofliceholders, assembled merely to register; cer- I t is more than probable that the Charleston Con- tain edicts already prepared by their masters. The Republican Convention, held here on the 22d vention will tear the unmeaning Pennsylvania Plat- They will find it a much easier matter to nominate002C0 5So o . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . « do.......«••••« boO oo............ ....f .peculiar and responsible position will make her de- num. He showed that most of the liquor sold inlegation a unit, ani the districts in which delegates- Cincinnati was so highly charged with deadly acids City, Rocfcy Mountains, Feb. S.-•declares Slavery should not be permitted to enterany Territory which was free soil when acquiredby the United States, or which became free at anyperiod subsequent to its acquisition. A plank inthe Republican platform approximating to this, it isbelieved, will not be objectionable in this State.We have yet to hear the first voice raised againstJudgeBates'snominationinDelaware;itwouldbe eminently satisfactory, and more especially if theplatform ou which he is placed is such a one as willrecommend itseli to the citizens of a • border Slave men had a nominal but not a practical majority in State, where the institution yet influences, to someextent, political matters. Deprived of that featureregarding the Fugitive Slave Law, with promises of"There are large numbers in favor of this proposed movement throughout the State; a majority of the Opposition prints favor i t as-the only plan to insure success. The move is in considerable favor in the Northern county; and in the Middle, there are many who deem it right and expedient; while in the Southern county, the party men are quiet, having given but slight expression to their opinions. They are awaiting the proceedings of the sister counties. It is proper to siy, however, that there are many, even in Sussex, who would advocate the sending of Delegates, if they were con- vinced that it were expedient.On the other hand, it is argued that we shoulddefer any proceedings until the nomination at Chi-cago,and,ifasuitablemanisnominated,makeoutan electoral ticket, and sustain him. It is, not somuch aversion to the doctrines of the party that singularly earnest, and, in the end, perfectly har- Slave-Code flag over the party; and if so, there can Mrs. Gurney, who went off to France withVher cap-in the vicinity, and the agents of the Companyhave been much annoyed by their savage neighbors, class of men as the apprehension of the expediency,FROM BRAZIL*«fenri« was more destructive than^^ everJbas been along the coast. At present there is no/ever, or pre- vamag disease of any kind to Brazil, and the native and foreign population are as healthy as the samenum- har of people any where.influence.noy Democrats,"and, with the united Opposition from all quarters of the 0nion, ttie^^ttr^beiag. vote, was elected. When Foster found,, to his un- largely represented there, as at all other hotels. utterable surprise, that Cameron was elected, he You may judge how great an army of feeders thePBRNAMBUCO, January, 1860.FROMPENNSYLVANIA.Continental has when you learn tnat^theda|ty con- sumption of milk is 3,000 quarts, and of cream 400 quarts, all which is supplied by a single farmer nearparading the streets, imparting to the scene an ex-monious. An, honest difference of sentiment as to Republicans are prepared for the battle in any and gain, and wants to get back to her former home* the course to be pursued with regard to the Presi-rentDom Pedro is a prince of liberal and progressive views, and is doing all in his power to improve the condition of his Empire. But he has many ob-containing it in full were seon disposed of. W e are with any quantity of baskets and measures without not a little surprised at the cautions and measured the capacity marked thereon. In addition to these—along with them a -characteristic weight and elect himi Gen^;Cameron received the Anti-For-, pied ny strangers and citizens, j The f9r0^hon»TUBAC,Feh. 11, I860. The Apaches in the vicinity of the Overland Mail station at Apache Pass have recently become more than usually troublesome. This station is Wkehold. Baring his stay here, which continued situated in a beautiful valley of the Chiricahui jfcrseveralweeks,theentrecitywasilluminated Mountains,125'mileseastofTuescn,audnearthe every evening; bands of music and military compa- worst mountain pass to be met with on the route of res arrayed in barbaric splendor were constantly the great Overland Mail line. Indian villages areover and the rival candidates for Governor are inthe field. Both Conventions were largely attended, warrant the belief that he possesses no peculiar ele- ious measures. The conclave was a packed bodythey wonM crowd around Mm, clasp him in arms, filling the air with their shouts and and evincing an attachment to Mm affectingFoster's position and history, and the facts fully Governor, and indorsing Buchanan's most obnox-•jeedingty imposing bat fantastic appearance. but through the instrumentality of liberal presents His Majesty visited in person every part of the and constant watchfulness, they have> until lately, mtjt inspecting the arsenals, docks, hospitals, and maintained friendly relations / with Them. For other public works, astonishing the natives by his gome time, however, the Indians—whose naturalincessant activity, and stealing their hearts by the instincts could not be so far overcome as to wit-year, is certainly a splendid specimen of a man, sixfeet three inches in hight, well proportioned, andwith a countenance evincing both intellect and roast mule at the Company's expense. Not satis-Bis father was Dom Pedro, first Em-peror of Brazil, his mother an archduchess of Aus- dations on a more extended scale. On the 28th tria, sister of 3daria Louisa, the wife of Napoleon I. ult., in their efforts to steal the stock from the corJSe ascended the throne of the BrazilR in 1840, at ral of the Company, they fired five shots from a Jifteen years of age,, and was married in 1842 to a revolver at the hostler, who, in return, fired threesister of the late king of Naples. Of this union, among them, killing one. The Indians, exasperated two sons and three daughters were born. The sons at the loss of their companion, assembled in largeare now dead, leaving Donna Isabel, the eldest numbers, and showed a disposition to make a fur- daughter, now thirteen years of age, the heir appa- ther attack. Their attention, however, was drawnof the measure; there is much plausibility in their reasonings* they lay. much stress upon the term '' policy;" they fear it would not be policy to sendevery shape it may come, whether their opponents But the husband does not care to take up with dency, produced a lively and able discussion of present their true colors or attempt to repeat the cast-off wares of this kind, and is applying for a1%:20S- 200 20060<iO . « - * 4 » * • « * • * •».#•• do,.....«*...«. *Z*\d o . • . - • • . « • « . * • s*JiO 'OOi... ••••>••*•* ifOOkmdnes* with which fie received every class of hisaabjecfs. Dom Pedro II., now in his thirty-fifth and departure of valuable horses, without an atthat the Democrats would at once identify them with the Black Republicans—a term of reproach. This is the paramount difficulty in the way.]•; A charge of this nature would act prejudicially uponmajority desiring to elect by Convention, and a thunder tones for the interests of Free Labor and The New-York publishers figure very largely.stacles to encounter. I h e people are not yet awake others. The person in charge of the train, consid- to the necessity of improvement. They are too ering it unsafe to proceed further, sent word toPOSTALROUTESTO PIKE'SPEAK.ignorant to know that they are much behind the femes, and too well pleased with their present con- dition to wish for a change.Stakes, although the necessities of commerce call loudly same tribe which, within a fortnight, sent a delega- JOT sneh a mode of communication between the two tion of their warriors to the Fort suing for peace. •euntries. Capt. R. S. Ewell, at present in command at FortFew railroads yet exist here. The longest completed Buchanan, received intelligence of this event, and Kne is at Bio, and that extends not more than thirty or immediately resolved to pursue the Apaches and at-ferty mike from the city. Six or eight miles of track tempt the recovery of the stock. He accordingly have been laid at Babia. A railroad, thir.y miles in selected 25 men and started for Tueson on Sunday length, extends from Pexnambuco to Cape St. An-gustise. Tins is the sum total of the railroads of last. He was met by Mr. Lathrop with a party of Braz>l.- Foreigners, meetly English, build and super- volunteer citizens, and the entire force pushed on featead these roads. The rails, the engines—in Act, into the Indian country, resolved to recover thetheir whole Turning gear, including engineers and stock if possible, and to teach the Indians a lesson.KOADS OPENING THROUGH THE MOUN- T AINS.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.A. semi-monthly line ot steamers was establishedalong the whole coast of Brazil in 1839. Thenorthern terminus of this line is at Para, wherethey connect with steamers recently put upon theAmazon. The first steam line to Europe wasestablished in 3850. The vessels leave Southamp-ton «n the 9th of every month, touch at Lisbon andIhe Cape 6*e Verde Islands, and arrive at Pernambuco,their test port of wntry, in twenty days from England. There was a large party out on this maraud There are ,n° steam lines from Brazil to the United ing expedition, supposed to be Pinal Apaches, theelected delegates; two Districts had already electedby District Conferences, and their delegates were thelessregarded here as masterly and overwhelming. in reference to tbe Overland Mail routes to California.-workmen—are imported. Even the cross-ties used infeodldix>g the railroad at this place were brought fromIhe Baltic; and this, too, when the road was to runthrough forests of the best timber in the world- Bat enthusiasm manifested by them wnen setting outFROMFrom OBI Own CorrespondentARIZONA.hoped that his negative qualities would secure him the city. .;, , . ,The Harrisbnrg and Reading Conventions are .an election; but John Covode beat him oyer 1,100, The Buchanan men have ruled supreme in the>throwing Foster behind his party vote. Such is late Contention at Beading, nominating Foster forness the stores of forage and provisions, the arriva tempt at robbery—have had an occasional feast oarge minority preferring to refer the whole matter' Freedom in the Territories. back to the people. Those who desired the electionSPECTATOR.Messrs.. Barnes & JBurr, and J. S. RedfieM, each occupy four pages, while W, A. Townsend & Co. occupy eight, and Saxton, Barker & Co.-no less than twenty-two. There are contributions from publishers in all parts of the country. The stock of stereotype plates and steel engravings is very large, filling twenty-eight pages of the catalogue.The amount of petty cheating done in our mar- kets may be judged of by the clerk's report of hi* discoveries for the past season. He seized (somefied with this, they have at last commenced depre-moment with tbe "people.""Whatever determination may be the result, thereSITOPS—RAILROADTROUBLES—REPUDJATORSoff by the arrival of a train of wagons loaded with merchandise for this market, and, surrounding the teamR, before they couldbe repulsed they succeeded in killing one yoke of fine cattle, and lancing severalstructure of his sentences, the calculating phraseol-he discovered and forfeited 245 false weights and scales, with sixty steel-yards and spring balances, showing that there is cheating in all trades but ours.Tueson that it would be necessary to have an es- cort, as the Indians would make another attempt to rob them if they proceeded. The commanding officer at Fort Buchanan was notified of their situa- tion, and ere this a force is doubtless on its way to aid them.Ont he night of the 1st inst. 27 head of cattle were taken by the Apaches from Arivaca rancbe, on which are located the reduction works of the Company.The delegates at large—Messrs. Stevens, Moore,ized People's party in the States; for, having based Reeder, Lowry, Coffey, Ewing,' and Wilmot—are hoods in Pennsylvania and New-Jersey, they wouldAlmost every volunteer in the expedition has suf- fered'from the depredations of the Apaches, and tbenize no distinctions in the;terms. These Democrats upon to make a second choice, the man would be was not to be thwarted. The revelations which fol- y et discovered for gold washing. .TV is is but another illustration of tbe fact that slave •labor is of all others the poorest, and the least adapted to develop the resources of a new country.The appearance of the streets in this city is widely diflfegp»f from that of Broadway. At an early hour in the morning the principal thorough Tarsi are tnrongeu with matatoes, or jnhahiiants of the back-country,^^Z^IuZ lid? sugar to market on horse-back. Eachanimal has two bags of this article swung across bisbaek, and restirg lengthwise upon his ribs. Poultryand vegetables are brought in in baskets swung in the«ame manner, as is al<?o the hay. And this is the mostinterestingp>rtof'thespectacle. The dwarfish,epin- thefollowing intelligence:«Qe-shanktH little ponies, under their immense loads of " We have received a finely-executed map of Mowrygrass, strapped over and upon each side of them, look City, with the report of the Association. It is situated deprecated the Btudied extension and perpetuationplause. that numerous distilleries 4 were closed forIt is conceded that Pennsylvania will be the great want of business, and the liquor. dealers be-battle-ground of the contest, and great deference sought him to quit, declaring that < he hadwill be paid to her united voice at Chicago. Her cut down their, sales $1,000,000 per an-work but half accomplished on that account. I tmust be remembered, however, that as no army officercan enter upon a campaign without express ordersfrom the head of the Department, Capt. Ewell willbe coinpelled to content himself with the attemptnearly exhausted. These accusations have lost muchof their pristine force; and even if they are reiter- .ated, on account of misrepresentations of the basis of union proposed, they cannot seriously affect the organization, as there is an undercurrent of Anti-which appears in The Western Mountaineer, Golden, CAMP ox CpB CKZKZ, Jan. 28,1S60.NEW-YoiM % A i L # ® p i i l E * ^ 1^60.MmUm nt tire Stock 8,0tWtr;Sta*>«5», 187*.... J.COiTemioSMe6§, '90.... 1,(309 do... <•......'......61,0*0 Uh»<mri SfateSs.... 1,(00 California. St*e 7«... 5.000 JS. Carolina fitaUj 6a.. 2,t<WBrooklyn C.W. Lo*n 1 2,M0Erle R.3d M. Bds.'8». 3,000 Erie R. Con Bds. '623,«:0 Had. RIT. RR.lstM.l 9,000 Mich. Cen. R R . 8 ^ ct.l»tM. H. V, C B».3/00 Ter H. & Alt. 2d M. 25 Rank of Commerce... • SOOc«an Bank.........'..5 Metropolitan Bank 1 150 Pacific Mail S.8. Co.b#) J0O d o . . . b30 100 Canton Company....... $50- do................+/» -rdrtATJAr iha ain\ar\ air.f^ whihx thft vollintftfirs. Slavery tendency throughout. There is a" latentto recover the stolen siCJ the volunteers, with larger liberty, willj not hesitate to act on thestrength in favor of moderate Republican doctrines which only needs propitious circumstances to de- velop it. Judging from observation, we should saythat it immediately attackedVand corroded a knife blade, and in some cases left on it a coating of cop-offensive whenever opportunity offers.FRIEND WEST: AH the enterprise in which I am at present engaged is one of public interest, and as theThe Tit€S07t. Arizonian of the 9th inst., furnishes that the Opposition here has not retrograded from the stand taken in 1845 and 1847, in which years the Whig Legislature of this State, by resolutions,ents.Hementionsascoreofyoungmenwhohavebeen andColoradoWagonRoad,which,ifproperlycarriedwill nominate at that Convention that actuates this,be no serious contest in Pennsylvania. But the tivating coachman, has already repented of her bar-s one fact admitted by all—that the Opposition and thirty-nine were cast against the resolution, will be reduced to the necessity of either supportinghe Chicago or Charleston nominee; as the third party movement meets with little or no favor in the State,.our partisans recognizing in the movement imply an instrument for diverting our strength, cattering our forces, and thus adding, to the power of the Democrats. The idea of a tbird party is scarcely entertained. This dodge is too superficial to mislead; it would require something more than a saccharine coating to induce the people to swallow a dose of this nature with any peculiar gusto, and especially if it were suspected of being a prescrip-tion of Democratic medicine-men.In view of all the facts, and of the hostility of theentire opposition to the Administration, there is a universal admission of the necessity of fusion on the part of ihe two sides of the Opposition iu Delaware. It is apparent that success cannot crown their efforts unless a Union is effected; but should these elements unite and work together, there is every reason to believe that the result would be highly gratifying. A t present.there is no regularly organ-P H I L A D E L P H I A , March 5, I860..The horses, loaded with sugar, stop in front of the •;vrarehon«e»;andhereaninterestingscenetakesplace.plazaandBquares,inafertilevalley,whilethesur-plesofthepresentparty,weimagine,foritcannotCentreCountyforGovernor,wasmadewiththecausefmanyofthembeingboysunder19PaesandotherproposedroutesacrosstheRockyThe sugar is examined by samples—earnest confabula- rounding country abounds in fine land and an abun- possibly ignore the question; and this is as mod- utmost harmony of feeling. Covode, Taggart, andyears of age. One of them became incurably in- sane by a single debauch on this- adulterated stuff. Much of the liquor inspected contained only 17 perMountains.The road commenced at the town of St. Vrain,which ia thirty-two miles distant from Golden City,tions take pjace. -The sugar is discussed as a jockey dance of timber. Its location is central, being by thewould discuss the points of a horse. At length a bar- Overland Mail but ten days to St. Louis and nine to erate ground as it can take. And though the Sus- gain is struck, and the poor jaded horses, who, mean- San Francisco, and on the main emigrant road, which sex party, from the character of its suiroundings, while, perhaps, have laid down with their burdens crosses the Bio Mimbres at this point. Tbe celebrated may be obliged to trim its sails to catch the favor-broadside in the street, are relieved. The sugar is de- Hot Springs, which have already secured a wide repu- ing breeze, and at the same time give a wide berth tation for their healing qualities, are distant only nveposited in the warehouses, emptied from the bags, mil*s, over a good road. Surrounded by a fine agri- to the rocks which our navigators have namedothers had earnest friends in the Convention; butsorted, See. If a person would retain his relish cultural country, and but a few miles from an exten- .- ier sweetening, he should bj all means abstain from sive gold and copper region, Mowry City bids fair atupon the chart, the sister counties may manifest a greater disregard of expediency, as they are not so greatly interested in Slavery, for there are mauy inand of most prepossessing appearance and address. He is one of the very best popular speakers in the State, and that fact contributed greatly to his suc-the rest being represented by sulphuric acid, nitric and pru8sic acid, 'nitric ether, fusil oil, nux vomica, Guinea pepper, and other pungentpoisons,visiting these houses. Here he will see naked negroes an saily day'to be a place of considerable importance.up to their thighs in sugar—sitting upon it, Bleeping The officers of the Association are: Col. Samuel J. Sussex who oppose the doctrines of the Republi-cepting that of Secretary of the Commonwealth under Gov. Pollock. He is an earnest, indefatiga- ble man, and has given a lifetime and ardent sup- port to the great principles of Protection to Ameri- can Industry and Slavery Restriction. He will take the stump early in the fight, and will proclaim his principles in his matchless style in every section of the State.The Reading Convention has nominated the Hon. Henry D. Foster of Westmoreland County as the Free-Trade candidate for Governor. Never was a Fcheme so skillfully managed as the nomination of Foster. Wittee had a clear majority of the Con- vention committed to him; but he was not accept- able to a large portion of the party, and he was made the victim of a combination, involving the basest treachery. While the nomination of Foster is made to appear as a spontaneous affair, quite the contrary is the fact. .'When the motion was made to nominate Foster by acclamation, Wittee had just received 56 votes and Foster 24; but another ballot eouht not be taken, or Wittee would have been nominated, and the break was made just in time tocomplain bitterly of broken wheels and other an-upon it, rolling over i;—the perspiration the while Jcnee, President; L. S. Owens, Secretary and Trea- oozing from every pore, and he will, no doubt, turn surer, and Kobert P. Kelly, Agent.from the spectacle profoundly impressed with the be-lief that sugar, also, is a humbug. " On the 1st inst. a party of three or four Americans,prospecting for silver and other mines in the SantaIn due time the sugar is again sacked in bags of 160 Cruz Mountains, between Calabasas and the boundary15 each. Huge statnred negroes take these upon their •line of Sonora, discovered a rich gold bearing region,cans not because of any direct interest in the per- petuation of the institution, but on account of their education. It i6 an article of belief which they im- bibed in their early years.The Republicans have done much to commend themselves to favor in Deliawarc during the present Congress, having shown a calm and dignified de- meanor, a temperate course, and a devotion to the Union, which our citizens have admired. Upon the whole, although it is not possible to foretell the re-sult of the discussion now going on with regard to the propriety ot sending delegates to Chicago, it re- quires no one with prophetic vision to predict thataccordingly prosecuted, punished, and their dog- all tbe way to Tarry au, in the South Park. The road, geries closed. The very few who were found to be when completed, will be nearly as level as a prairieroad, with timber aU the way, and a luxuriant growth selling pure liquor were allowed to continue. But of gra*s along the almost innumerable creeks and riv- the effect of these wholesale exposures on the traffic ulets crossing the road. It is the intention of the com- was most k salutary. Thousands immediately quit pany building this road to make it a good one—one drinking on learning that nothing but poison was that will be safe for a stage to drive over at a fast dealt out to them. They will now be repeated here trot at night. To do this, it will be necessary to do a by Dr. Cox himself. Our city needs a purification great deal of work, and expend* a -large amount of as much as Cincinnati, ns we have thousands of money. There will have to be about twenty bridges doggeries in which the same rot-gut compounds are built, and perhaps fifteen or sixteen miles of grading, sold. Our temperance men intend applying for a aid tnirty miles of chopping oat to. do, to oompleselaw authorizing the appointment of a Chemical In- the road to Breckinridge, on tbe Blue Fork Ol the Colorado River. I have completed a bridge acrossspector, on the Cincinnati plan, so that if strong Cub Creek, thirty-five feet long, aud have one nearly , drink must be sold among us, it shall at least be completed across Bear Creek, about two hundred feet the genuine, unadulterated article. long; all the work is and will be of a substantial char-Ever since the introduction of street railroads acter, and the road will be from twenty-five to thirty among us, the Courts haye been pestered with in- feet in width. The distance from Golden City to Tar- junctions and disputes in relation to them. Three, ryall.is sixty mile*; from Golden City to Breckinridge, eighty milee. When completed, the road willproba-heads, and at a brisk round trot carry tb em to the docks, whence they are taken upon vessels and sent to different parts of the world.The mama for carrying things on the he«vd is uni-and secured good prospects. In conversation with a gentleman who has examined the gold brought in, we learn that the specimens were coarse gold, but the pieces flat and scaly. It is said by those who nave seen'versal amox.g tbe blacks. It makes no difference how the country that the mines will pay at least $8 a day to small an object may be, it is seldom carried in the the man."hand. Everything is deposited on the place where the A letter dated Fort Buchanan, Feb. 6, in The Ari- poet tells us that the wool ought to grow. And it is zonian, jays: .Astonishing—the size and weight of tbe loads they .will earry in this manner. Sacks of sugar, half barrels of fiom, huge casks of water, are borne along at a rapidsate, ana accidents are never known to result. If the object is so incontestably heavy that no darkle will risk his. skull under it, a number of them will take it upon their shoulders, or upon poles, lock step, and bear 3* along, keeping time to some wild refrain, altogether forming a sight which the stranger does not fail to looksrpon with interest.The sugar carriers are usually tall, mu8cular? andAnery formed. Many of them are native Africans, and still speakthe Congo dialects. They do not trouble themselves with superfluous- clothing—their whole -wardrobe often consisting of a simple cloth about the waist.M On the 1st inst. a party of dragoons left this poetfor Apache Pass, for the purpose of attending to the in the event of EDWARD BATES'S nomination, the reported troubles existing between' the employees of Opposition will no longer be divided in their inter- the Overland Mail Company and the Cerricao.ua In- ests and purposes, but this will be the chemical dians."The inhabitants»of Brazil are a mongrel set. Upona groundwork.of Portuguese, we have nigger, Indian, justing power to combine them, constituting a sad white man m;xed in, but desperate little of the perfectly organized body, and bringing order out white man, I have seen two thousand of the NationalGuard—thefinesttroopstheycanmusterhere—andall ofchaos. Thoughprovidedwiththeelements from Brazilian families. Tbey looked remarkably necess^-y for the composition of an OppositionEke a body of negroes-—that is to say. they had all the party, ao process has yet been fully developed by symptoms. They call themselves Brazilians, and Isuppose they are; but flat noses, thick lips, and wool wtich those primary principles could be made to •n the head, tell their own story. Still, as the idea coalesce into one powerful and harmonious whole.that they are white people seems to please them, lettkem indu)ge the innocent hallucination. A Politicians are in a labyrinth of difficulty, with butand thus defeat Wittee in order to escape, if pos-•POLITICS INDELAWARE.proct 88 which will combine the elements. JudgeBates is decidedly the most popular man for theState, and a large vote would be given him; he isgenerally regarded here as the most available candi-date; his views on the Slavery questionvery nearly correspond with those enter prevent it. The truth is, that Wittee was clearly tained by the Opposition here, in that heof them now refuse to pay the annual tax of $30 on each car run by them, though it was shown that it costs the city one third more to clean the streets since they have been occupied by tracks. -More- over, the draymen, carters, and all other teamsters engaged in hauling goods through the city, swearbly be the best mountain road in the world. With the exception of a little grading, which cannot be done till Saring, it will he finished to the first crossing of the Platt« by the middle of February, and will nave all the chopping and bridging done to Tarryall by the middle of March. The advantages which this road will have over any others now known are, first, it* is the nearest route to all the mining districts from the eastern slope of the moun- tains to the western slope, and to the mines on the weBt. It is also the nearest route from the States, and will be better than any other road known. Its advan- tages as a stage route, over the South Pass, and that of theElPasoroute,Texas,are,first,weha\$lessmoun- tain road, not half so much enow, and a settled coun- try, which will afford protection to the mails; and the continual travel over this will always keep it open, s> that the dangers of detention, freezing of animals and men, do not exiet here as on the other routes. Again, this route is two hundred and thirty miles nearer Salt Lake than by the South Pass. Government is annually expending $600.,000 for carrying an overland mail to Caliiornm v a Ei Paeo, and all the way through an un- inhabited country and barren waste; $320,WO for car- rying the mail to Salt Lake; aud I do not know how much more for tbo Californiu mail via Santa Fe\ HereCojc«*p©ndenee of The N. Y . Tribune.L E W E S , Del., Feb. 28, 1860. As yet, a chaotic condition characterizes the po- litical world in this State. So far as the Oppo- sition is concerned, it is without form, and its primi- tive constituents are awaiting some creating or ad-identified with the Buchanan Administration andits policy, and even a portion of Mr. Buchanan'sofficials, who desert the setting for the rising sun, asloudly as did our army in Flanders at the railway conspired to spring Foster • upon the Convention, nuisance, while the owners of private carriagesimpediments in their way, and the ambiguities of of success.now the tables must be turned. Voting for meas-ures, even such as we protest against, must payAt this place, situated in 8° south latitude, the mercury their surroundings, are sufficient to obscure in some' As to the Democracy, that party is beginning to ed yith a degree of vigor and earnestness that was breeze from tbe sea. I have suffered more from the that eie long they will extricate themselves fromcairying the mails, accommodating no one that wouH not receive the tame bene fits if there were but one route, and that route through this portion of the coun- try, while wo have a population often thousand, and next Summer will number at least two hundred thou- sand, and have no mail facilities. Government does not expend a dollar, but manages to sell about fifteen hun- dred postage stamps por week, and we carry our own mail. Veiily the Mormons aro a favored people, while we poor df vils are left to "root hog or die." If a dis- tributing office was located in this section of the coun- try,ourownpeoplecouldreceivethebenefitsofadaily or tri-weekly mail, while the Cahbrnia and SaU Lake* mails could be let to one contractor, and the whole; thing would not coat the Government one half of what it now does. Tbe Laramie, Santa FG, Oregon, and Texas mails couli be separate services, and diverge* from the distributing offices here. . In this view of these matters, which so deeply interest us all, woald it not be proper to petition Congress, by memorial or otherwise,showingthecaeeasitis,anddemandingat the bands of the General Government that protection and assistance, and those rights which belong to us and aro extendtd to other portions of the country of lesa importance, and whe/e there ie less necessity. So far we have been grossly neglected, and if Congress should fail the present session to provide for us a government and mail facilities it cannot but be an humbling confes- sion of its inability or unwillingness to govern its Ter- ritories or provide impartially for its people.Up to this time we have had but little snow in thei mountains, the last and deepest fall about a week ago, about the new Sanders water-gas. Councils have to the depth of six inches.. The nights are somewhatpassed resolutions for the Committee on Gas Works cold, but the days aro warm and pleasant. I never to look into the matter and let us know whether have experienced as pleasant a Winter in the Nor-the water-gas is all smoke or not. At the same thern Staus as the present in the Rocky Mountains. time, they ask to be informed why their gas bills I have no mining news at present. Reports from thoBlue and Taryall are about the same as previous.seldom rises above 85° in the shade; while, during the organize lor the coming contest. A County Conven- not manifested in the struggle of 1558 and '59. better than it did a few years ago. The true ques-greater part of the day and night, there is a fine, fresh measure th6irtiue position. The indications are tion has been held in Newcastle County, and dele- Thty cannot, however^ carry the State! The Re- tion seems to be, what benefit will the law be to theheat among the mountains of Vermont than I do here. gates have been appointed to Charleston. Said del- publicans do not expect to succeed without effort,members voting for it, not how much it will be to us. The repudiating Commissioners of AlleghenyAstheyaove over the vast plains in the interior, they with this conviction, the Opposition have been ven-<tepo«t then- abundant »torea of water, giving rise to tilating their views and opinions quite freely, with will not instruct their delegates to vote for Douglas.^ t u J i T ^ i f ^ P l a t e ***W and their affluents. the procure of an elucidation of the muoh-voxed Their gastronomic powers are hot such asW ^ S T J L T ^ ^ . ^ ^ ^ »««* the Andes,their to digest readily his Popular Sovereignty5 5 S 2 £ Z $ * T ^ ^ teen wrenched from them, question—" Shall we Berd delegates to the Chicago doctrines; the leaders are opposed to him; his strength; but.no negative man, as he is, can be upon it.S ^ A K S J W S E ^ S 8Ua,mit of a*" mountain^ " Convention ? " And the oft-repeated inquiry, chance is slight here; and, even if he were nomi-"WhereshallDelawarestand1" isinafair nated,therearethoseofthepartywhoexpressastrong in a contest such as the one before us. It istobothegreateststruggleinthehistoryoftheGovernment; vital principles are at issue, and thepeople will be aroused to a degree hardly beforewitnessed in our political contests. Positive menwill be resisting his election at every step he maytake, and what is now proclaimed as his chiefstrength, will in the end prove his greatest weak-ncss. That he is an able man is true; but he hasever been undecided and inefficent, and hence has hoods that whole blocks of genteel residences willJBKOtherainleesregionsbeyond./The building season opons already, under the in- fluenceofasingleweekofmoderateweather.Vacant lots are not speculated in to half the extent they are with you, though monev continues plenty; but build- ing will go on largely the present year. In the suburbs there will be an immense expansion. The street railroads now carry people every few minutes out to vacant lots which, two years ago, there was no means of reaching, and it is in such neighbor-^ S g P g K Q * 1 * * Brarii&n coast is visited at someway to meet a response, if the general discussion is tion mind of the State for several we*ks past, anddetermination not to support him, so obnoxious is5 5 1 2 r f n ^ 7 S f ^ W ? ^ ^ d «OAtJmie<i rains. an index. These themes have agitated the Opposi-he to them.This serves to show, in a measure; thenar ,*?£? *tthe aaouth of the Amazon wWemor*feelings of the Democratic party on the Slavery- rain Ws than at any ^ e r p o m t ^ ^ o ' X ^ S e r l are likely to exercise it for several weeks to come. question; there is a vein of Pro-Slavery predilectionsfflSh^&SSfE*^ year w h t ' i t d^es w * r*m. At Pernambuco, the rainy season commences jn April, and contmuee three or four months. At o t W seasons, rain, fells but seldom, the moisture of the aU »0*phere being sufficient not only to sustain vegeta- tion, but to cause it to grow with astonishing Erunning through their entire ranks, not with refer- ence alone to the maintenance of th# system in the county or State, but to its establishment in the Ter-. • ,- Brazil. Previous to that^year the country C been as-^ t h y as any other, andeven then the epidemic was•i^Jpta for February, 1860 v;***ipU for F«bruary\ imnorease.. ....,-,... ...i ^ Total increaao since Jan. 1,. * M figures of tHo MiohM«** OJP^ about $5^000 in bQ jgSJJ armory favorable ^>rj ' f ^ i and the last steamer:Discussions have been invited and indulged in, notonly in the partisan prints, but in club-rooms, andby the people generally, with the hope that a (airexposition of the matter might be obtained, and the ritories; these views crop out abundantly. It iswishes of the citizens made known. The problemthought that the delegates from Kent and Sussex worn few of the laurels his party has had to be-be erected.will be untrammeled; but if instructed at all it is stow. Fifteen years ago-he was elected to Congress has not yet been solved—the parties are undecided. presumed they will be influenced to favor Breckin- in the Westmoreland, Indiana, and Gambia Dis- On the one hand, it is urged that Delaware should ridge. They want some one upon whom they can trict, then good for 2,500 Democratic majority, and £ r less destructive here than on many other portions of be represented at Chicago; that, in order to divest depend with confidence for soundness of viows as to in 1850 and '57 he served in the Legislature. He the earth. It that Convention of its semblance of a sectional as- tb« extension of Slavery; they are apprehensive of came to the Legislature to secure, if possible, hiaThere is a continued and unaccountable mysteryV i a 1 8 3 0 the yellow fever made its appearance in PBio Janeiro. In 1850 there were 14,000 deaths from semblage, the South should have her representatives, Douglas; his doctrines are rather unpalatable.and that this State should be one, if she wishes a In fine, the contest of the coming Election in theelection to the United States Senate, but he nevercould command more than a corporal's guard offever mthe Empire; in 1851,8,700; i£ 1852 9500- fa 1853, 8,500; OTflMthe' fever' disappeared' 'in&ioare so inconceivably large. Per contra, the Sanders Keystone Gas Company have published an offer they made two weeks ago to supply the NorthernlUbpecthUly yours,m fc 18541^ in1853,853. ^S^I&mSi& should be an instrument in selecting him, so that of the spread of Slavery; and it will be interesting Fomey ran off with the nomination. Foster then Liberties Gas Company with all the water-gas the THE ViRGiniA TnuttK MURDER—THE MESSRS*conservative man for whom she can vote; that, if State will serve to show what is the prevailing sen- strength. The first year he was beaten three to. C. P. UALI*.ttS&by tha emdenae about 4,000 persons; in 1851 475- she desires a nominee adapted to ner wants, she timent of the community respecting the propriety one by weak-kneed Bigler, and the second yearme advantnge is in fikvor of Brazil. In New-Orleans, k «ity enJv one-third as large as Bio. there wewTin JS47 2,000, and in. 1853 8,500 deaths from fever. £indicate, through the expression of this sentiment, Republicans and Americans to join his little 75 cents per 1,000 feet, all told. This looks like of Wednesday, Feb. 29, says that Mr. Vincent Witch-local institutions of Delaware, as such expressions they respectfully, declined. While Foster was has been received. This looks like fighting shy. themselves to the authorities, and were^promptly ao«had been nominated solely by Eepublicans this isthe agument advanced for the consideration of thethe possibility of the perpetuation or decline of the squad of adherents, and elect him, but er and his grandson, who killed the Messrs. Clements, coming.up to the rack, but no reply to the offer in Franklin County, Va., on Saturday, surrenderedCfcaxJeftton, Savannah, Mobile, and Natchez, the epi- former members of the now extinct People's Party. of public feelings and ©pinions never fail to carry innocently negotiating with the Know-Nothings to Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Our monster hotel, the Coat'mental, is fully occu- quitted, on the ground of self-defense.HARRISBTJRG, March 5,1860.and both embraced in their lists of delegates an un- usual number of able and skillful political leaders.ments of strength'.'.'.'and23dnit.,wastheablestbodyofthekindever form—whichhasatubforeveryDemocraticwhale aGovernorthantoelecthiDO,aboutthesedays.150CaryImprorementCo.. 25 Dot 6c Hnd. Can^l Co.. SO do ......'•30 25 CO.......*•... #**•*•SOOJf. Y. Central Railro<i<J 2C0 • do ..b60 2oe G O , , « « • • * * • • * • - • fwassembled in the State, audits deliberations were -r-to fragmets, and erect the true Free. Trade andRecent letters from England say that the fugitive,several hours on Wednesday evening. The diver- fraud of 1844. They expect to earn their victory divorce. . representatives; their enemies might take advan- sity of opinion was mainly as to the policy to be by unflinching devotion to their cause, and Pennsyl- The Trade Sale Catalogue just issued by"Messrs*tage of it,, and employ it as a weapon of assault; adopted f>r the election of delegates to Chicago—a vania will, under any circumstances, declare in Thomas & Son, is a portly volume of 364 pages.*RC<,: 1M»Tlrrfnfa State f*.... 9 »,00».T«ia««e«<Si'90.:... 8 2«,0«0 MiM**uri State & b60 « ASfWO do............... ii l,W>Brkrn Cj Wat'r L'a. I')Z.WOBudson R. R.R.Lit2 006 Mich. So. 2d M«g* i><i~ 30 Merchant.'B*ak....... 00 Pacific M. S. S. CoSS dO.....m....... DdO350 N. Y.Central R. R..... 100 do.... ...all)IS Hndjon RiVer R. R50 Michigan Central R. R.There was a fair d>g leading epeculative Sloe considerable firmness, ba •weaker. The bear jobi« tion toward the close, aj the Second Board there v and the market after tho had an upward tender^ pears to be one of the uaccompany an upward in of parties who have bong! Autumn of last year we < to the business prospect3 having lived to 'witness thoyee views during the A ture to pursue the subjectof the present year, and e and Summer months, statifctics will refer U- the Western roads duri published in annual ncommencing with. Mar tinning to September. > decrease in business, and pared with the same mom in consequence of the cr«(Commencing a Spring ba crop, locked up at the cio with the Spring of 18-08, t discouraging. W e cornm circumstances entirely dii a fair one, and there is awheat on some lines and ward to the lake ports ojn When this begins to teil r. shall mndoubtec'ly witnc: business quite equal to. if lifihed, in the Autumn of p which are made upon theand which anticipate, una returns, will, we approne: Was no good reason to ioo ness during the Winter, e;asthe IllinoisCentral,th the SoutJu-Western roads, j shadowed in September, |ttin the Autumn, returns en during tthe Winter,, pointment. In- re^however, the case is di:fe transported, and, with th. must come forward. It Is larger movement of frti|. actual wants of con*urn country will require a m as a matter of necessity, excitement of a Preside Conventions and mass me ger movement, to say nobranch of traffic to be deri of general business.. If there is nothing in the iroads to warrant the di-: them which eorce are ia contrary, there is,'accord real b&sis for cheerful aa branch of business than a 1857. It will take some rieven to the beginning ot in 1856; but that the wo there cannot be much 1 numerous of gradual imj tion of the country. An.oern shares to-day was Mi in demand on Boston uc The February receipts s hon February last year. cipal business was in Mi^j 803. All the State stocks were in moderate deThe last quotations we Missouri 6s, 80f®80?; 20; Cumberland Coal cific Mafl, 93®93i; tf« 71Wl$;ErieRailroad,9 road, 39®39$; HarlemPreferred, 3 3 ^ 3 3 | ; Eeadi igan Central Railroad, 38 and Northern Indiana anteed, 17|@18; Panama aoia Central Railroad, 59Railroad, 57|®58; Clov 19£@19£; Chicago and J 631; Illinois Central RaijroThe market forfc-rei^ this packet, and 10S£ w«f*s sterling. The range for: g Francs are 5.18$ 85.15.FreigKts*-To Liverpool, 3C and per steamer, 500 box^e 200 bales Bacon at 30*.; 5(H) 300 bales-Cotton at £c, aridTo Havre, Cotton at |c.,\. and Pearls; WhaBeboue acMeasurement Goods at $10, $11; A bark of 270 tun?. With Staves at $10. A brig Cuba and back, at 38c. tor °n deck, port charges pa iJ.The business of the Subl $338,177 09—for Custom*. 25330; Balance, $8,695,0.,The Illinois Central K;ii| for February, I860, is as lollt Vv, l+StHO DUX 3»li ,05 aCr*6 k"1*18olli •"'£" *|*»*U464..19aore« land sold pi«jvio|l{24a,8f7,3>4 norea land sold for. vJ°»J$rRoUon Bond* canceled... £**«J*nd Bond* canceled....... •**ei»*« canceled previously*....^v :*otal, Bonds canceled v*«* receipts for FebruaryJ Aotal c<uh and bond* to F«6. lRee*w > » » ' ' WAFFi'c uaiby the people were generally opposed to any expres- local politics. This is a consideration -of some sion of a preference for the Presidency, and henceMR. SEWARD'S SPEECH—ATTACK ON THE B.VU-fifty votes were cast for a motion to postpone theconsideration of the question of the Presidency,IN LIMBO—THE WATER GAS—MRS. GURNEY—THE TRADE SALE. From Our Ovrn Correspondent.declaring Gen.' Cameron the choice of Pennsylva-nia. After a full discussion of the whole question,a middle ground was accepted by all sides, and aresolution adopted by 328 to 4 declaring Gen. Gam-er jn the choice of the Convention for the Presiden-cy, and instructing the delegates chosen by theConvention to support his nomination. The reso-lution provided that the delegates from the several ogy, yet all so clearly and definitely conveying the Congressional Districts should report four Delegates great meanings with which his comprehensive mind from each District to represent it at Chicago, and was charged, and which he never yet shrunk from where the delegates from any District determined uttering. In contrast with the rampant furor ofnot to report to the Convention, the election of Del- those Southern Senators whobave frequently spokenegates to Chicago should be referred back to the on kindred topics with such intemperate vehemence, people. Under this resolution, twelve Districts Mr. Seward may be said to be cold and impassive,adopted, and eleven Districts referred the matter back to the people.If your suggestion could be carried out, and half a million copies be distributed in the proper neighbor-I have jast received reliable information from parties at Denver City, which justifies me in saying that there ia no doubt but there will bo completed a wagon-road from Denver City across the range of the Rocky Mountains to Blue River, a branch of the Colorado, by * tbe let day of April next; that the Company opening this road intend to push forward the road, in the same direction, to " Salt Lake," a distance of not no n more than 325 miles. The road will strike near the head waters of White River, and follow it to its junction with Grand River, the coarse of the same being nearly due weet. By this road two hundred miles will be saved in going to Salt Lake City, and there are settle- ments all the way. At the terminus of the road nowits principles two years ago, chiefly upon local is- all able men, most of them of national fame, and go far to settle the great controversy of the day. sues, it ceased to exist when those issues were no they will do credit to their great State at Chicago. While such as he is willing to be our standard-bear-longer before the people. Neither is there any reg- They will support the nomination of Gen. Cameron. er, what can people mean by even for a moment ularly organized RenubiicaD party, but a sufficiency The District delegates already elected also embrace thinking of what they call the claims of third-rate of material from which to build one. So the only quite a number of our leading politicians.alternative left is to amalgamate,; this will doubtless There can be no doubt but that the vote of Penn-be done, though it will be consummated " with fear sylvania will be cast solid, for Gen. Cameron, as" and trembling" on the part of the People's men; long as there may be a reasonable prospect of his Hiram Cox, the Cincinnati Inspector of Liquors, tofor, impelled by policy in their movements, they nomination; and if it should become manifest that deliver a course of lectures showing up the horrorshave been acutely sensitive to the charges of tlie Gen. Cameron cannot be nominated, the vote of of the trade in strychnine whisky. This gentlemanDemocrats, who have never failed to accuse their the State will pretty certainly be cast solid for the was appointed by the authorities of Cincinnati toopponents of Abolitionism, which term is a synonym man who may be dceWd beet suited to lead us in dive into the grog shops and liquor stores there, andwith Republicanism, Americanism, and Opposition, the great struggle. From present indications it is apply chemical tests to the liquor they had on sale. try around bids fair to be the most productive of any in the vocabulary of the Democrats, who will recog- quite clear that if Pennsylvania should be called Though hampered and opposed at every turn, yet helowed his investigations were perfectly astounding. past, and employed it to frighten ignorant men: this our State Convention for Gen. Cameron, when a They carried consternation even among the drunk- hobby the public speakers and prints have ridden so Philadelphia delegate named Edward Bates as his ards, and so diminished the sale of liquor by prov-The following letter, published by my friend, Capt. C. P. Hall, will, I have no doubt, be read with in-tereet.With respect. I remain, your obedient servant.B. D. WILUAMS,Delegate from Jefferson Territory. Washington, D. C, March 5, I860.. The following is the letter above referred to,have emphasized the word " Abolitionism" in years Edward Bates of Missouri. Enthusiastic as wasemonaousVy expensive slave labor of this country. that they will be compelled to return with their constantly and remorselessly, that the poor jade is choice, the man was greeted with thundersof ap- ing that nmefeen-twentieth8 of it was deadly poison,Stwas cheaper to import the umbers from Europe than J augurs well for their success. The men are pro- get them out here, with the slovenly;, stupid, and j visioned for fourteen days only, and.it is to be fearedThere has been a wild demand here for Mr. Sew- 4,000 pounds of butter ani lard of light weigjht, a ard's great effort of Wednesday last. All the papers tun of unwholesome meats, and poultry of all Kinds;on this occasion at least. But his speech is never-Sm; I notice in your paper of March 3 an editorialmen ?One of our Temperance Societies has engaged Dr.are yet to be elected will doubtless conform to thepolicy indicated by the State Convention. Thoseoutside of the State, therefore, who hope to see a per, as if deposited by a battery. In nearly 1,000 people of this country feel a deep interest in its eue- portion of our delegation vote against Gen. Cam- stores and grog shops where" he applied the test, he ct sp, I propoee to make some statements and advance eron, will be disappointed. Pennsylvania owes it found the liquors adulterated with poisonous ingredi- some arcumehte relative to the St. Vrain, Golden Cityto herself a n ! to the country to send her delegates out. would enhance the intfirests of our citizens greatly, to Chicago leaving their local bickerings behind sent to their graves by less than three months' drink-The nomination*or Col. Andrew G. Curtin of inaafe canee in Cincinnati proceed from the same tages, and compare the same with the famous Southtwo-thirds of the delegates were ardent Curtinmen. He is yet a young man, hardly over forty, cent of alcohol, when it should have contained 40;and is located over a level prairie, with excellent ^grase, wood, and water, neaily all the way, and is tveentj-two miles nearer than to go by Denver and Auraria. At Golden City, you commence ascending the mountains by a graded pass, over w lich any team cess. He has never filled any public position ex- to give it strength. These compounds Dr. Cox can haul the same load it could bring from the Missouri pronounced so deadly that a single pint was suffi- River. From the sumaait, which is attained three cient to cause speedy death. . The venders were miles from Golden City, ie a succession of parks nearlysible, the odium of the Buchanan policy in the com- noyances. A great number of our streets are occu- ing contest. - pied by these roads, enough in reality to accommo-There is no concealing the fact that there was a date the public effectually. Yet in the face of the treatyofpeaceconcludedatReadingbetweenthe mostenergeticremonstrancesofourCouncils,the Buchanan managers and a few unprincipled leaders Legislature is crowding through*a number of billsof the anti-Administration forces. The Buchananfor new roads, so that if they go into effect, there will scarcely be one street left unoccupied by rails. Such legislation cannot be had except by somebody being paid for it. The fee for even undertaking the most trifling bill at Harrisburg is $500, but the bigger the job the bigger the fee*. Now, it is curi- ous to see Low zealously tlie country members go in for chartering street roads that we protest against having. Formerly, these country members voteding—their organization will be thorough, and on thebors of the Iron City to their senses, but it will take You speak of Mr. Foster as a strong man. In them years to remove from their character the stain that you err. I do not wish to underrate his which this presistent effort at repudiation has leftday of battle their whole vote will be available.being worked on, there is a town laid off, andtheooun-MMMMGHt www.fultonhistory.com&«e9Hew»a5aa:•'Tyzr'TV****-*'-"*^**^**£*2*25"- fMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 