 •.•f* -^-x :.-.»,•*. 11n't H• i*i'Ii!hI Want you to read the one hundred and thirty-sev- ever. Ax drew Jackson Donelson has graduated with familiar with the compositions of the great masters, as enth Psalm. There is not a day or night that I do not honor at West Point, andis now a fine young officer ofrepeat it. Oh, for Zion! I wept when I eaw this idol- the engineer corps. " Lieutenant Doleleon, says the well as with the writings of the critics, who have atr-atry/. Think not, my dear friend, that I am in the least General in one of his letters of 1821, " is young, but I tempted to analyze their principles, and has met with uxfafthioJ. Ithasacontraryeffect. trustyouwillfindhimmodestand unassuming;pos- excellentsuccessin weavingintohernarrativetheex-^ I have written you this through the greatest bustle setsing as good an education as any of his age in.Ame- position of celebrated musical theories. Great refine-and eonfusion. The nobility have assembled to escort the rica; of good, moral habits, and entirely clear of all the ment of taste, a rare degree of culture, and not a littlezation."is among the literary desiderata of .the day.6spec**j **l ^ ^ K J Q J P S UOnS O F J A C K 8 0 N .i ^ . « ^ V w S m r JACKSOK. I» Three Vol*. BTJAXKS"^^S^S^U*%T^6W.Ms-~Bx*Ee~a treatise by Oscar K. lienor, Stato Geologist of South Carolina, on "the Itacolomite, its Associates and the Occnrrence of Metals in tho.same.". The. Itaoolundte,VrooKlrt '*•*» ^ ^ *** ^ t t I e New-Orleans to^ p r e s i d e n t i a l campaign of 1824, comprising a pe-jgg,) tf abont **n y**"* *Qt Parton's narrative)«MA Bothing ia interest, as it advances, exhibitingfee tame grouping of events with a view to pic-turesque effect,, which marks the preceding vol-MBC. He ha« made use of a wide range of authori-ty », as weii as of the results of personal inquiry,a*d, in some instances, we think, has indulged toofreely in quotations from ©theT writers, instead of won after she joined the Church; and a solace indeedSouvenirs" of-the lately deceased Helena, Dnchesa*of Orleans, from the,French, by an American lady, based upon<theMemoirs by Marquis H , and her tutor, Prof. Schubert, so as to form a complete account of this amiable and high born Christian Princess, of whom a fine portrait on steel will be given.--M. Gnizot will probably publish, in a short time, the promised continuation of his English Histories, to the end of the reign of Charles II., with extracts from the "dispatches of the French Embassador in London, during thiB reign; They fill about two hundred thick and cloeely-written folio volumes, and have hitherto only been examiHcd in the most cursory manner. • .—Mr. Hawthorne's new book, "Transformation" (eo christened for the London, market), is pronounced by The Athenceum " such an Italian tale as we have not had since Anderson wrote his ' Improvisatore.' Mr. Hawthorne has fannk in the spirit of Italian beauty at every pore." The notice bears ample testimony tothe scenic power and beauty of this Italian romance, •while con*rasting, unfavorably, the shadowy in- volvement of Miriam's agony and extrication fromgeologist and scientific miner. The elastic sandstone population under the tariff of 3842 ? Had it continued'•oBdensing and embodying their statements in har- mony with the general plan of the work. W e notice an occasional carelessness in details, as, for in- stance, in the orthography of proper names, Gen. Paienham's name being spelt Packingham for sev- «*** P*€«S and then for as many more changed into PmcJunkam—wrong in each case. •itwas to the good lady, and to her religious fnenda in the neighborhood. It stands quite alone in a lane, out of sight of the Hermitage.J?ow we leave the turnpike and turn into a private road, straight, narrow, a quarter of a mile long, the land on both sides a dead level./-We come to a low iron gate in a white wooden frame, which admits us to an avenue of young cedars, ending in a grove, through which a guitar-shaped lawn is visible. But still no honte. Not till the carriage begins to wind about the-FINANCIALCRISES—THEIR AND EFFECTS.CAUSESTfce story of the practical nse of cotton bales inlawn, within a very few wards of the front door, doesprompted by a determination to resist the execution of.Jawsthat were in full accordance with boththe letterandtbe spirit of the Constitution, first moved a dissolution ofthe Union. Failing to find a second, she stood alone. as to produce development of that commerce, and vil-BBG9« MsjU^WJ,mmind the visitor that he is net in the agricultural re- gkras of Pennsylvania.The portraits which form the frontispiece of the volume give a representation of thevp^raon and feat- ures of Gen. Jackson, very much at variance with the traditional likenesses of the hero.men whose rttm* in regafdto the Slavery qnestfon*^ most in aecordanes with your own? Are not Keah tocky and Tennessee, Vh*gmiaand North CarolhW.tom, where John Donelson encamped, and P ^ * " * com, and lost his crop by anoverflow of ^ C u m b e rSoon we «»vu —<.• —-—-- „ in extent; four hundred cleared—Messrs. Sheldon and Co. have just concluded an ar-rangement with the Hon. Geo. P . Marsh to edit the a foreign market? Under such circumstances wouM American-edition of Hensleigh Wedgewood's cele- not our planters'obtain more for two anda half BullionSlJKWiSnil^^91 OT- . ^ - . . w. « . * - • . . - • ^ • : J . Wj , . « ^ . . . ^ . M^ » ^ > » " « ^ * t j ^ « . * l ( r t wi t wi ^ < ! a > ^ . t f - .Seven nrUee from Nashville we rumble aerose the oldsevered bridge of Stone's River, and come in sight oxthe block-house where Jackson and Coffee kept the»rstore, and contracted for the building of Burr's boate--apilewithoutinhabitantnowttoru^runningya.spec- REVOLUTIONSlJTENOL1SHHISTORY. ByROBBBT ie? of a bouse in a large field. Near by^ie Ck>verBot-Ural, the East Indies,"Brifefl; and South Carolina,matic,"byE.C.Stedman,includingthefamous"Dia- whereJa>,Iaeheri"wobelieve,,firaldiscoveredit,and variedindustry?Didnotthedomesticconsumptionof<JS>MMERSale*atchoSu> ^S09T«m»-B»r»^)...1,099 Miteoun State 6*um do16,000 do.......3,000 dot,«teCftL State7s.... Jjf0OQE2ieR.R.l*tM ] 1,000 Hud. RtV. R R. 3< 1,000 Beriem R.S. ?.<i 1 LOOOMich-CeXr.R.Rs-l«tM.S'gF.Coa 3,000 do..........*,«*>Mich.So. lstM.Bs «MJ0Oin.Ceni.R.K- B SCO* do..........tvOOO GaL&Chlc. 3d M. 130 Pheeix £*nkSOChfctham Bank... 10 Commonwealth B«z 17 Am. Exobanre BsaJ lOArtis&w'Bank« Pacific M.S- S.Co.xo© <io»•*•••*•••**•50 , do»« *•*•"ICO Comb. Coal Pref.... MN. Y. CernR. R..^rest foreat-rthick, loftyta**^Fg^*fi'S thanHnllara,andlessspeculativethanGnizot,theau-Reforests «fW^^^«i i ^J^"3.fit^f brick C ' S for aWschool house, too deso-late for a l o d S ? That is the Presbyterian Church stjle, and to the tastes of the majority of readers, will w h i h General Jackson built for the solace of his wifebrated work on etymology, now publishing in Londonby Txubner and Co. While the entire original text andnotes will heretained, Mr. Marsh will make (in a dis-tinctive type) very large additions and annotations. of the Union. There, all is perfe ,rt harmony, aud whatdoubtless prove more attractive than either of the above-named historians. Of the topics discussed at length in this volume, the various relations of the Nor- man conquest, the development of industrial and intel- lectual )Mc in England, and the dawn of the Reforma- tion, wiU'be found to possess remarkable interest.DISQUISITIONS AND. NOTES ON THE GOSFELS. MATTHEW. By JOHN H. MOHIBOW. 12mo., pp\ 535. Walker, Wl*e,& Co..The author of this volume, a distinguished Unitarian th« battle of New-Orleans is snmmariry disposed of: land, so dense the surrounding evergreen foliage. We clergyman in the vicinity of Boston, has aimed toThe first volume will be issued very soon.we now moet need ia tbe recognition, by men like yoju and by our Southern brethren, of the existence of that great and important fact. In that direction, and 'Hikfc;alone, may be found the remedy for our great disease.Looking fcr it there, the affect will soon exhibit fc-' self in this development of the vast natural resources of every section of the country—in the utilization ofthe mansion disclose itself to view—so level is thealight, at length, on the stone steps of the piazza, and the Hermitage is before us.eetabh'sh the authority of the Gospels, by bringing to their interpretation the lights of modern investigation, whether in the form of travels in the Holy Land, thedo ,¥ b e idea, plausible as it was, did not s t a n d ^ t w *etssirviee/ The first cannonade knocked the cottonbales about in a manner that made the General more•sxer to eet rid of them than he had been to use them. from being an elegant one. A two-story brick house, discriminations of philological science, the deductions Borne of the bales, too, caught fire, and- made a most with a double piazza, both in front and in the rear; thet o l e r a b l e and persistent amoke, so that, days before piazza wooden and painted white, supported by thick from ecclesiastical history, or the results of critical the flail conflict, every pound of cotton was removed grooved pillars of the same material and color.. The analysis. He has pursued his labors, not in a skepticaljJrom the hues. A similar error was made by the en- emy who, supposing that sugar would offer resistance k> cannon balls equal to sand, employed hogsheads of sugar in the formation of their batteries. The first ball thai knocked a hogshead to pieces and kept on its de- struttive way unchecked, convinced them that sugar mi sand, though often found together, have little inWJDBOD.In order to make his readers more intimately ac- quaxnted with the lady whom General Jackson cor- reetly ttjted "the stay and solace of his life," Mr.lages will become tied to Villages, cities to cities, setnes of " The Scarlet Letter." ' . cessive day brings with it from the South not only States to States, and zones io zones, by silken threadaIt is not a very spacious building, and very far indeedarrest, with the clear, sharp-cut outlines of the lastSince then, all has greatly changed. Now, each suc-floors of the lower piazza are of stone, and each endterminates in a wing of the house. Just behind the edi-fice is a large garden, with pebbled paths, and bedsbordered with bricks. The rooms are lofty, rather writers. His work exhibits careful research, variousBritish policy sought to prevent the creation oftffy Erie R, id M. B« 1,000 Hud. Riv. RR. c» Mich.8o.UN.Ia.Rsmall, and plainly furnished. The parlors are hung learning, profound reverence, and entire freedom fromwith portraits of the General and his friends, Coffee,Bronaugh, Gadsden, Eaton, and others. There is a dogmatism.* the material here collected affords.the remedy be applied ?Be/ore answering this latter question, let us inquire5>ortrait of Mrs. Jackson in white satin, topaz jewelry, ow neck and short sleeves; fat, forty, but not fair. In the hall are busts of Edward Livingston, Mr. Cass, andLevi Woodbury.One would have expected to find the stables of such«-/—LETTERS FROM SWITZERLAND. By SAMUKL IKUNJEUBTRIME. 12mo. pp.264. Sheldon &. Co.The impressions received from a Summer's ramble among the mountains of Switzerland are familiarly de- scribed in this agreeable volume. In addition to numer-—That pleasantest of romances, Lord Campbells" Lives of the Chancellors," has again had its untrust-worthiness demonstrated. What Prof. Craik and' for a moment into the records of our past. The men others have done for Lord Bacon, and Sir HarrisNicholas for Lord Chancelor Hatton, Mr. Christie per-a lover of horses extensive and commodious; but theyPar ton gives several extracts from the correspond- are neither. One building of unhewn logs, with stalls ous lively pictures of the sublime scenery of thattired of a system the essence of which was found in—Mr. Peacock, the author of "Headlong Hall," a sad melancholy news reached us of the Robertson places, you are snaffing the candles, of the jear 1790. which will be welcomed by the numerous admirers of writer with whoeo learning, wit, and caustic powers steamboat. O now dreadfol! Poor Sally MoConneLi! Often, too, you will have the heart-felt satisfaction of the author, as a characteristic, if perhaps inadequate, cf satire the present generation can scarcely be said toShe traveled far to find a watery grave. O Lord^ thy obeerving, particularly in North Carolina and Tennes- memorial of his rare endowments. It notices, in thewill be done in all thy appointments. see, that along with the primitive manners and cus- order of events, some of the principal characteristics I will give you a faint description of this place. It toms of another age have been preserved the primitiveleaves are falling off. St. Paul says, " All things shall' , werk together for good to them who are in Christ Je-BKKWSTEK. 12ino. pp.297. J.B.Lippincott&Co.• Without ambitious pretentions as a novel—the sim- ple and inartificial character of its plot almost taking it out of that class of literary productions—this volumeadded to their well-known series; the latter work it is, we believe that supplied the plot and characters for Bourcicault'e drama of the " Octoroon."—Isaac Taylor, who still delights to be known as "the author" of his first work of mark, "The-Nat- ural History of Enthusiasm," is bringing out a work certain to command readers, entitled " Ultimate Civili-Often I have blessed the Lord that I was permitted to nm>iitta8ge. They could easily please the General witbhbe called under hia ministry. Ob, farewell I Pray for their music. Two songs especially always delightedyour sister in a heathen land, far from my people and him, "Auld Long Syne," and tl Scots wha ha' wi' EXTEMPORANEOUS DISCOURSES, DELIVERED IN severed, until the solution of the great African mys-What, you will probably ask, is the connection be-tween financial revulsion and sectional discord ? Go•huich. Present me to all friends. I scarcely can hear Wallace bled." When ladies ask6d him to write some-THE BROADWAY CHURCH. By E. H. CHAPIU, D. D. tery—the source of the Nile—is almost within his with me, my dear Sir, for a moment, into the poorI2mo. pp. 358. First Series. O. Hutchinson.ier confneion.Yo«r», yriih affection, EACHAEL JACKSON.MRS. JACKSON TO MRS. ELIZA KJNGSLEY.WEST FLORIDA, Jane 21.1821.thing in their a'bums, he was as likely to write " When I can read my title clear" as anything el»e.The spare rooms of the Hermitage were not often unoccupied. General Coffee came occasionally to visitdwelling of one of our unenxployed workmen, and I.Mr DXAR Tv.TY.si>: Your letter of the 15th; May I hia old commander. Major Eaton of the Senate was have received, and am happy to hear of your health frequently there, a portly man, devoted to General-and happiness, and your dear fnmily, except the acci- JackHon? whose life he had just written. Major Eaton dent of Captain Kingsley getting his ancle sprained, and* Major Lewis were brothers-in-law, both havingwhich I heard by young Mr. Kutledge. I hope, ere married wards of General Jackson. Thev General, this, he is quite restored. therefore, looked upon them both almost as sons-in-an old chest without coming across heaps of preciousRepeating once again my offer to place your answersto this and other questions within the reach of a million .. a town known by-the name of Blakely. There we believing in the pistol as the great social regulator, under the process of elaborate composition. tarried nine daj s. From thence we went to Mount-Pe- and always prompt to act in accordance with that faith,Her (Montpelier, Ala.). There we tarried Jive tceehs, was a frequenv visitor. Colonel Robert Butler, a some- HOME P ASTIMES; OK.TABLKATTX VIV ANTS. I2mo. pp. 234.heroine, Lucy Hutchinson, written in her husband's name, to the Restoration Parliament, 1660, in extenua- tion of his conduct as one of the Judges of Charles I., and imploring (in vain) to be allowed a participation in the general pardon.THE WORD ER VAH.waiting the arrival of the Hornet, that went with dis-patches to the Governor-General of Cuba on this Flor-ida business. At length she arrived, and we set outJ. E. Tilton &. Co.The subject of this volume is a favorite specialitywith the author, who ought to be qualified to speakwitb authority, having devoted toit the labor and studyofmanyyears. Hegivesampledirectionsforthecon-ducting of a fascinating amusement, and should not fail of England," as Napoleon called him, promises to re- an "irrepressible conflict" between free and slave into the philology of the question, and beg leave here to be consulted by all who would understand the details vive a class of literature which, since the death of its labor. A year hence, he may be driven hy poverty to present to you the result.for Pesfacola, and are now within fifteen miles of thatplace. The General and the Spanish Governor are ne- ton, Captain John Donelson and his sons, were alwaysyou that there can be none, so long as Southern com- mercial policy shall continue to carry poverty, destitu- tion, and death, into the homes of those who must sellSiKJ Unwilling to rest under the imputation cast on me by you ir> o-day's TRIBUNE, namely, that my views in reply to a "Semi-barbarous Rabbi" aregotiatingthebu&inese. WeareataSpanishgentle- welcome. TheclericalfriendsofMrs.Jacksonwere man's} waiting the exchanging of flags, and then we entertained at the Hermitage with a peculiar warmthgo into that city of contention. Oh, how they dislike of hospitality. Indeed, clergymen of all denominations the idea! Th«y are going to the Havana—don't like were welcomed there at all tomes, and treated with the the Americans, nor the Government. most marked distinction. Mr. Earl, an artist, often com-Oh, how ahall I make you sensible of what a heathen I missioned to paint General Jackson's portrait, became feutd-I am in ? Never but once have I heard a Gospel at length a member of his household i and having em- sermon, nor the song of Zion sounded in my ear. ployed, the last twelve years of his life in continually—The success of Sir J. Eardley Wilmot's," Rem- their labor if they would live. That man has, per- " very absurd," and are " based on an unaccountableOften I think of the Babylonish captivity, when they and was buried in the garden beside the General's ownEXV AH, turpiludo, faditat; and referring specially to the bill- pp. 264. Sheldon & Co. .*, of thousands, I might say millions, of persons of va- of-divorc*m< nt text (Deuteronomy xxiv. 1), he renders it " Ma-. tauntingly called on th«m to sing the song of Zion. The answer was, *Oh, how shall I sing the Lord's song here in a foreign land V One replied, " When I ferget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget its exalt or cunning; let my tongue cleave to the roof ofmy mouth when I. esteem not Jerusalem above my shiefest joy.'' Oh, I ••»> "with all my heart and soul, say wits truth, I, above all things, prefer the pros- perity of the Church. Oh, I feel as if\ I was in a vast howbug wilderness, far from my friends in the Lord. my home and country. The Sabbath entirely neglected;tomb. " In memory sf R. E. W. Earl, Artist, Friend,and Companion of General Jackson, who died at theMM. Putnam'« Receipt Book, and Young Housekeeper's Assist- on the arrival of a ship from England, hastened down cula aliqua in muliere reperta /" that is, " a blemish (<rt spot) ant. New und enlarged Edition. 12mo. pp. 22&. Phinney, to the beach and asked "What news ?" " There is a rious conditions of life, who have been ruined in the found in the woman." You can consult this Lexicon in the AstorHe was no great reader of books. His library at the mad profaned. The regiment at Mount P ., where we Hermitage consists chiefly of presentation copies andmaking, with what is already offered, an unprecedented arrival there, paying treble and quadruple prices for chastity.") The word zuchtig means strictly, eha*U, modettstayed Ave weeks, were no better than the Spaniards at this place. I was twice at the memorable Fort Want, Fort Montgomery, near the Alabama. Stayed twonighiswithMrs.Minos;sheisanintelligentwo- man in worldly affairs. Every step I have traveled onland is a bed of white land; no other timber than long- leaf pise on the rivers, the live-oak and magnolia. The most odoriferous flower grows on them I ever saw. Be- hove me, this country has been greatly overrated. The land produces nothing but sweet potatoes and yams. One acre of our fine Tennessee land Is worth a thou-sand.the biblical commentaries so eagerly read by the Gen- eral at a later day. He was always a devourer of newspapers, however, and was particularly fond of hearinganeloquentspeechreadaloudinthefamily circle. In earlier years he had been a warm admirer of °the eloquence of Henry Clay. He once declared with peculiar emphasis that it was the perusal of Mr. Clay's speech against the recharter of the United States Bank, in 1811, that convinced him of the unconstitu- tionality and impolicy of a National Bank. The later speeches of Mr. Clay in favor of the Bank, we are well aware, could not shake the convictions of 1811. Mr. Calhoun's war speeches were keenly relished by thequantity of that species of property thrown into the market at one time. It is becoming a question with the trade, whether this process of " stereotypage" (to borrow a word from the French), is not carried toothe land they need, to the greedy speculator who finds his richest harvest in free-trade times. Mark them,One could hardly find anything more exactly in accordance with my interpretation than this.Manuf. ofThe General, I believe, wants to get home again asm a d i a s I do. H e says to Captain Kingsley he will General, as were the diplomatic dispatches of Mr. Johnbe«n reprinted in the collected edition of his ' Essays' and shutting out improvements. .Thus it is owing, no policy would give them almost a dozen yards. Trace " was no obstacle to a lecond marriage."doubt, to the existence of a set of plates of " Hallam's I think you will no longer deny, that if my views ore "very ab- W orks," dating many years back, that the American them onward, until you find their little properties pass- surd" they are at least euttained by the best Hebrew Lexicon ofingintothehandsofthesheriff,theythemselvesbeing theday,byawriterofthehighestauthorityonHebrewhistory; forced to seek new homes in lands that are even yet and, finally, that they are indorsed beyond all possible doubt}-by more distant. Reflect, I pray you, upon these facts, the Great Reformer himself. These learned men mast all haveshared my " unaccountable lack of perception."pondering over the blunders of the first edition of and you will find in them, my dear Sir, the reasons Whence you disinterred your Idea that incontinence in the wife tbeee essays it is well known that there are various Liddell & Scott's " Greek Lexicon," while a fourth, why the Eoil of Kansas has been stained by the blood prior to marriage was the Mosaic ground of permission to put her pieces of poetry in ' Knight's Quarterly Magazine,' nearly double in size, has been many years current in of men who, under other legislation, would have been away, I have no idea whatever. Certainly not from the Old Tea* found acting together for the promotion of the general Uonent, so far as I am acquainted with its pages. As I read these, incontinence before marriage, unless disproved (Deuteronomy xxii, 20, 21), was, according to the Mosaic law punishable, notwhat haughty soldier of the old school, Captain Call, alco a devotee of the pistol, Captain Gadsden, Colonel Hajne (brother of the Senater replied to by Wobster), Judge Overton, General Carroll, General Sam Hous-remedy for this, and, if he is old enough to rememberthe admirable effects of the Tariff of 1842, he will tell T» the Editor of The If. Y. Tribune.writetohimsosoonashereaches"Pensacola. We QuincyAdams. Monroe,Calhoun,Adams,andDe hevs the best house in town, I am told, and furnished. Witt Clinton were the public men who stood highest Dr. Bronaugh attends to it until the exchange of flags. in his regard at this period.So much detention, I think the General wishes he had The conversation of General Jackson, when at home taken my advice. His health is not so good as when among his familiar friends, related chiefly to the war- he left home. like exploits of himself and his companions: Revolu-I fear I have feed your patience. Please to remem- tionary anecdotes, of which his old friend. General aer me to-au my friends, particularly to your dear hus- Overton, had a large stock, were particularly pleasing band, MJ« Nancy, Mrs. Somerville. dear Mr. Black- to him, and he was fond of telling over the story of his aurn. May the Sovereign of the universe grant yon a own boyish adventures during that contest. In speak- contmuation of his blessing forevermore. Amen. ing of the defense of New-Orleans, he usually attri-Mas. E. KWOREJCT. RACHAEL JACKSON. buted his success to the direct interposition of Provi- Theee 'miscellanies,' with the 'Critical and His- —The standard and definitive edition of that mostPlease to write me often. Remember me in prayer, dence in support of the weak against the strong.A little scene that occurred- at the Hermitage table,torical Essays,' will form a complete edition of 'Lord French of Frenoh classics, " The Letters of Madame de tionism, and disunion, on the day on which he planted New- York; Monday, March 19, I860.seen come to try to mend or better their situation.The picture of domestic life at the Hermitagepresents a good iBustration of Mr. Parfcon's talenfor descriptive composition.Correspondence," & c , may perhaps gladden the eyesmost heterodox and profane. In the full tide of his of the "coming men" of the year A.D., 11)00; or and republics, domestic Slavery almost universally our whisky over to Prance and having it come back towith its- low, black stabile tufted with -white, to ft- wonld be a capital story. "*•- however.*- -J" Fatherland " itself) that she has been solicited tothe Theory of Veins, in the Mining Academy of Frei-was then his custom, with a profusion of expletivessame. It destroyed, ho avers, all the ancient empires siring that the fruit may wither, you must lay the axe other high-Eoundihg; title. This is as bad as sendingcompleteness of a continuous narrative. Less profoundof bales than they now do for three and ahalf millions? Rtly upon it, my dear Sir, there U no real discord ia the real and permanent interests of thevarions sections'thor presents the results of his inquiries in a popularor destructive spirit, but with an evidently sincere en- deavor to assist in the interpretation of the sacredaa> do40CO Kleh. So. 2d Ml« d, 150 P*cl6c M. S. S. Co. l'O <p ,t0Harlem Railroad...The Stock market t< prominent fancies, bi tendency, however, h* was affected by run Court of tbe United Bock Island bridge. pected by the manage Court at Waehingtoi to be no special cat came naturally frcm varce. There is evthe market, but the bi rather favor the dec under the advices f rather indicate a co the Houses. The tn In the W«etem ehar oriceewaa general, wSouthern, old, which, going on for reonrii Guarsvuteed was firm t hut was heavier after ventilated. In the Be importance done, and t the Second Board the ing heavy. The latetMissoaxi 6s,80J®80»r land Coal Company, 1 New-York Central fca. 9J-a10; Harlem Rail l>referredt 34J«35: Michigan Central Bail era and Northern Ind anteed, 21«21|; Par linois Central BailroidKaflroad, 61®6U; C 20fw21; Chicago and! Hudson River Kailroat 91^.911.The market for forei rates are steady. Ster®5.16i.Freights to.Iaverpo*900 bbl». Pocket 2s. 9 I/ondon:800Hidesat: 50 nhls. Pork at 3<?. Cloves at 30e. To Ha Tobacco,and 100tuna The charters are, a v< load for south eide ei" 47c. for Sugar, and £ tuns out to St. Jago aj$2 75 for Molasses. A and back at 40c. for Sa; of 200 tuns to St. Dom of 160 tuns for.the sam< tuns for the same voya to Porto Kico and bacNorth side of Cuba an $2 75 for Molasses,- oi to Maine, with lumber.The business of the $105,39240;forCu*t< 468 46; Balance, $8,110The following is a etaGreat Western Railwa-116,1860:Paseenjer*• Freight and lire »to ;kMails and sundries..'. Total i..Corresponding•wevk.< IncreaseThe annexed is a coiupof Fereign Dry Goodssince Jan. 1:F»rth* Week.Entered at the port......*l Thrown on market.Since Jan. 1.Entered at the port '. IT Thrown on market 16B 3 T K K S U 1 Manuf. of Pkgs.ence of the former daring a jonmey to New-Or- for nine cr ten borecs, and another still smaller for the region, the volume contains sketches of personalleans and a visit to Pensacola in 1821. "We sub- shelter of the huge family coach, are all the out-build- adventure, accounts of people met with by the author,ings that now remain. The negro cabins, some of incidents of domestic and eocial life, and recollections join a specimen of these "quaint and heart-felt logs and a few of brick, are scattered about the farm,epistles," addressed to an intimate friend in Nash- instead cf forming a compact little street, as is often of celebrated historical events called forth by the locali-Y21e, the wife of a Captain in the United States the case en large plantations. ties in which they occurred. The traditions of free- " shaping spirit of imagination " to piece out imperfect enriching their foreign masters, while ruining them-\General Jackson, as we have mentioned before, was dom which have been repeated from age to age around Army, an officer high in the confidence of Gen. a vigilant and successful farmer. His taetes and hab- thefire&ide8of Svcitzerlaad, furnish the materials formaterials in his sketches of the earlier occupants of " The Marble Chair."selvee. Against this system they needed protection,Jaekton.- MRS. JACKSON TO MRS. ELIZA KINGSLEY. CITT OF NEW-ORLEANS, April the 27th, 1821.its were simple and farmer-like, as are those of South-erners generally. The'visitor is constantly reminded, animated comment, in spite of the cuspicion wliich has in the Southern States, that he is in a region where the been thrown upon their authenticity by the critical ruling interest is agriculture, where the 6lite. of the spirit of modern research. Dr. Prime is unwilling toand therefore did they make the Revolution—seeking —The geography of this continent continues to in- political independence as a means of obtaining indus- terest explorers and readers in Europe. Messrs. Long- trial and commercial independence. To render thatMl jyXAA Mas. ELISOSJLX*: We arrived safe in this people aro.farmers. Cotton, the staple product, is also surrender the memory of William Tell to the domains yrt within eight days from Nashville. Myhealth has the staple topic, and all life has the farm-house flavor•omewbat improved in this warm climate. We had not and tone. A certain primitive simplicity pervades of poetry, and defends Lis historical claims with enthu-a very pleasant passage thither, owing to so many pas- everything. Togo southward is to make a journey siastic admiration. sengers, nearly two hundred, more than half negroes; into the patt. Travel twenty-four houis into the South-man announce in their list of novelties two books on the subject—" Narrative of the Assiniboine and Saskatchewan Exploring Expedition," by Henry J. Hind, M. A., with colored maps and plates; andprotection really effective, they formed a more perfect Union, whose fir 3t Congress gave us, as its first law, an act for the protection of manufactures. Washing- ton and hia eecretaries, Hamilton and Jefferson, ap- proved this course of action, and in so doing were fol- lowed by all of Washington's successors, down to Gen. Jackson. For half a century, from 1783 to 1833, such was the general tendency of our commercial policy, and therefore was it that, notwithstanding the plunder of our merchants under British Orders in Council and French Decrees, and notwithstanding in- terferences with commerce by embargo and non-inter- course laws, there occurred in that long period, in time of peace, no tingle financial revulsion involving sus- pension by our banks, or stoppage of payment by the Government. In all that period there.was, conse- quently, a general tendency toward harmony between tihe North and the South, in reference to the vexed question cf Slavery—both Virginia and Maryland hav- ing, in 183£, shown themeelves almost prepared for abo- lition. Had the then existing commercial policy been maintained, the years that since have passed would have been marked by daily growth of harmony, and of confidence in the utility and permanence of our Union.Such, unhappily, was not to be the case. Even at that moment South Carolina was preparing to assume that entire control of our commercial policy, which, with the exception of a single Presidential term, she has since maintained—thereby forcing the Union back to that colonial system, emancipation from which had been the primary object of the men who made thebut how thankful should we be to our Heavenly ern States, and then get ten miles away from the rail- HOURS WITH THE EVANGELISTS. By I. NICHOIB, D.D. "Seven Years' Residence on the Great Deserta ofFather. In so many instances have I had cause to road, and you have arrive! at Sixty-Years-Ago. You In tyro vols. Vol. L, 12mo., pp. 405. Crosby, Nichols, it Co. praise His holy name. There is not an hour of oar are handling the implements, you are enjoying the The. ripened thoughts of a singularly rich and sug-fires but we txe exposed to danger on this river. O usages, you are contemplating the caet of^ character, gestive mind, are embodied in this posthumous work, how can I describe to you my feelings when that sad you are eating the viands, you are sitting in the fire-North America," by the Abbe- Domenec, with a map and sixty illustrations.remember—after breaking his long silence by the pub- lication of his Reminiscences and Correspondence with Shelley in Frazer's Magazine, will commence, throughBlowly at the South, and pe<ple have time to live, to, rived from the life, character, and instructions of the Grange," in which we hope to find a new "Night-reminds me of those words in Revelations: "Great health, feelings, and.vin.ues—a certain hearty, hon- of the gospel history, the arguments, internal and ex-Babylon ia come up before me." Oh. the wickedness, est, homely dignity oi character which we have heard ternal, for its authenticity, which had impressed the the same medium, in April, a work entitled " Gryllthe idolatry of this place! unspeakable the riches ana our great-grandfathers possessed. Ever} thing is done author with peculiar force, and especially those de-splendor. \W e were met at the Natches and conducted to thisplase. The house and furniture is so splendid I can't pretend a description.. The attention and honors paid to the General far excel a recitil by my pen. Theyconducted Mm to the Grand Theater; his box was dec- orated with elegant hanging. At his appearance the h e a t e r rang with loud acclamations, Vive Jackson. Bongs of praise were sung by ladies, and in the midst' they crowned him with a crown of laurel. The Lord haa promised his humble followers a crown that fadeth not. away; the present one is already withered, thegrow fat, and to grow old. Even Gen. Jackson, a mar-velously active man for the South, was never an early founder,of Christianity. The views presented, if notriser when at hame. He sat down to breakfast be- always • strictly original, bear the decided imprees ofmare Abbey" or " Crotchet Castle" from a penmel- lowed, and not blunted, with age.—The all- engrossing firm of Messrs. Routledge & Co.have completed the purchase of the copyrights and*' If Vxt Northern Statet thoxdd teparale from t\e Southern <nt the quettion of. Slavery—one v b i c h now so fiercely agitate* th« public mind in America—th*t portion of the Grand Trunk Rail- way which traverse Maine, might at any day be closed sgtinat England unless, Indeed, the people of that State, with an eye to commercial profit, thould offer to annex thenueloe* to Canada. On military, as well as commercial ground*, it is ebriooaly necssary that British North Am«>7ica should possess on the At- lantic a port open at all times of the year—a port which, while the terminus of that railway communication, which is destined to do so much for the development andconsolidation of the wealth and prospeiity of British North America, wfll make England eqna'lj in peace and war independent of the UnitedStates. We trust that the question of confederation will be speedily forced upon the attention of her Majesty's Ministers. The preeent time is the moet propitious for its discussion. . . If Slavery is to be the Nemesis of Republican America—if sepa- ration is to take place—the confederated States of British North America, then a strong and compact nation, would virtually hold the balance ofpower on the continent, and lead to the restoration of that influence which, more than eighty yeart ago, England, tout tuppoted to have lott This object, with the uncertain future of Republican institutions in the United States before as, is % subject worthy of the early and earnest consideration of the Pamtween eight and nine; and, after dinner, he and his wife tcok a leisurely and dignified pull at their reed- pipes.Can we recall the group that used to gather round that fireside and listen to Aunt Rachael's stories after dinner ? There Bits the General in his rocking-chair, tranquilly smoking, tranquilly listening, occasionally laughing at his wife's quaint narratives, and some- times, when the tale threatens to be too long, taking it out of her mouth, and giving it a summary gracefulthe writer's individuality, and.are enforced with no less wealth of illustration, than power of argument.<sus," I know I never was so tried before, tempted, finifh. The ': two Andrews" have outgrown the pos- claims attention and approval, by its intelligent discus- proved in all things. I know that my Redeemer liveth, sibility of sharing the General's chair. Andrew, the sions of various artistic questions, especially in the de- and that I am bis by covenant promise. adopted, is a stout boy of eleven, as much indulged as partment of musical aesthetics. The writer is evidentlyGeneral with a full band of martial music to reviewthe troops. Remember me to your dear husband Mrs.Fester, Mrs. McLemore, Mrs. Martin, and all mvChristian friends. Say to my father in the goepel— ' Besic*e the young gentlemen, there was always aexplorations in Africa, have whetted the appetite forhis detailed narrative now in press: "The Lake Re-gions of Central Africa, by Capt. Richard F . Burton."2 vols., 8vo., with maps and illustrations. Undauntedby his narrow escape from death, a year or two since, cord among the States.must be eo, unless our commercial policy shall bo changed, is as certain as that the light of day will fol- low the darkness of the night. Look where we may, discord, decay, and Slavery, march band in hand with the British free trade system—harmony and freedom, wealth and strength, on the contrary, growing in all those countries by whbh that system is resisted. Such having been, and being now, the case, are you not, my dear Sir, in your tteady advocacy of Cajxilinian policy among ourselves, doing all that lies in your power toward undoing the work that was done by the men of 76 ?dissipations too common to the youth of the modern day."critical sagacity, are evinced on every page of herwork, which, though destitute of commanding elementsmarked by constantly-recurring financial convulsions, attended by suspensions of our banks, bankruptcies of individuals and of the Government, and growing dis-of popular interest, will win the favor of thoughtful and Parson Blackburn—I shall always love him as such. J young niece or two of Mrs. Jackson living at the Her cultivated readers.stock of Capt. Mayne Beid's juvenile works, "The COMPENSATION; OK, AIAVATS A FuTtm*. By ANNK M. H. War Trail" and "The Quadroon," which will beof its management.originator, "Nimrod," has failed to call out any one of equal powers. Hie popularity as a writer on sport- ing topics is amusingly exemplified in an incident toldinto Abolitionism.The picture here presented is no fancy sketch. It is better authority, in his Hebrew Lexicon, translatesmon the shores of the Red Sea, Capt. Burton has per-Ii is proposed by the publisher of this volume to issuea series of Dr. Chapin's discourses, reported as theyare delivered from the pulpit, and revised and corrected eyes, it seems impossible to turn up the earth without by the author. The present collection is the commence-ment of the undertaking, and gives a favorable impres-will show you. The day is cold, and so is bis stove.practical tendencies, and their freedom foom sectarianzeal, the discourses pretent a worthy illustration of the" all was barren." To chronicle every discovery of ing been closed, and its owner ruined. Ask him why and a half of protectionist readers,I will now give you an account of ourjourney to this law, as well as tried friends and comrades. Dr.crowed the Gulf Stream, and landed at Mobile Biy, at ited Virginian, a stickler for the code of honor, heartily spontaneous eloquence which it is not easy to preserve is a very interesting letter of the celebrated Puritan employment that give them food. Ask himwhat is theW. C. BRVAST, esq. Philadelphia,March21,1860.and our shops, gorged with the products of foreign place.WetookshippingonLakePontchartrain, Bronangh,theGeneral'smilitarysurgeon,ahigh-spir- mindofthepreacher;whiletheyaboundinburstsof subjectexclusively.Thelastpublicationofthekind labor,whileourownlaborersperishintheabsenceofHENRY C CAREY.BOOKS RECEIVED.painting the General's portrait, died- at the Hermitage, Letters from Switzerland. By Samuel Irenxus Prime. 12mo. of Cel. Nesbitt, who started the Calcutta Hounds, and drawn from life. " This man is the type of hundredsHermitage, 16th Sept., 1837," is the inscription on his Our Bible Class, and the Good that Came of it. By Miss Caro- new Ministry in," was the reply. "Hang the newtombstone.After the war of 1812 General Jackson was never DiaquMUons and Not* B on the Gospels. Matthew. By JohnFollow those men on their weary way to the West, library), at the text above referred to, that reformer, in explain- ingtheword"nncleanness,"parenthesisesthus: ("urn etwat embittered as' they are by the knowledge that it is to dot ihm mitfuUt, et tey an ihrcm J.cibe oder Qebarden, oder Southern policy it is due that they axe compelled to Sitten, die tieh aber sonst xiichtig verhaUt") ; which, if you are1,6»51,500 ..t,13« «.. 6*762#> 17 199seen at the cock-pit, and seldom on the race ground, The Mcnikins. By J. Fenimore Cooper, llluitrated by Darley.though his love oi horses was a love that never grew cold.12mo. pp. 454. W . A. Townaend U. Co.LITERARY.—So much has been said about the literary matter toheexpected,posthumously,fromLordMacaulay,that the following notice by his publishers, Messrs.copyrighte, formerly published by J..S. Redfield, will separate themeelves from hemes and friends, and per- familiar with Oeiman, von know to mean: ("in regard to some- be sold at the conclusiono'f the New-York Trade sale, thing which displeases him, either in her person or in her de- haps from wives and children. See them, on their meanor, or in her conduct, without imputation, however, on herline E. Fairfield. 12mo. pp. 352. Derby &. Jackson. Hester and 1; or. Beware of Worldliness. By Mrs. Manners.Ministers," said the Colonel. "Ig Nimrod's 'York- of British free-trade and South Carolinian domination.Wool Cotton.., 8UkFlaxCotton Silk J-hwPkjrs. 130 Cotton...'.... 2« Silk ,.168 Flax 6518mo. pp.237. Sheldon&Co.H. Morinon. 12mo. pp, 535. Walker, Whse & Co.shireFair'arrived?"—The entire series of stereotype plates of books andV.iS.WIT! Value 650,'eu8, . 13. WJHValua$t"52 i3,ifor her forthcoming book, and for another of a similarcharacter on Prance, for which she is now collectingthe material.' C«r Scribner will also issue, speedily, awork of fiction. " Catharine Clyde," of novel and pe- cr elastic sandstone occurs,so far as known, only in the Alabama and Missouri, rich in fuel and iron ore, and]culiar mold: a volume of VPoems, Lyrical and Dra-VAUGHAST, V. D. Vov. ]., 8vo., pp. 363. D. Applcton & mond Wedding;" and a '•** Memoir, Correspondence and is, in a many reppects, of the highest interest to the cotton increase nearly twice more rapidly than theCo.The period of English hiBtory embraced in the pres- ent volume extends from the time of the ancient Britons, to the reign of Henry VII. The work consists of a £cries of essays on the moat significant events in•cultivated; the the British annals, without aiming at the unity or the—Mr. Frank Morris's "Diary of the AmericanRevolution" also receives in The Saturday Reviewa careful and well-written notice, accepting the workas a picture of an eventful time in the world's history,and drawing«fromit the lessons of warning and reproofto the mother country which a statesmanlike survey of is great. To what may it be attributed, and how. may,f-<?0 California SUt< Jforms for the great Lord Shaftesbury, in his memoirs, Lord Chatham's declaration that the colonists should letters, and speeches of that much-abused stateman, not be permitted to make for themselves "even sojust issued by Murray. A critical examination of thefirst portion of Lord Campbell's life of his predecessors exhaustive character of a policy that compelled themehows how completely and habitually he allows his to make all their exchanges in a single market—therebyA collected edition of his numerous writings—Thefragmentaryaccountsthathavehithertoreachedthe public reepecting Capt. Burton's late researches and endured for more than five and twenty years, a periodliament and people of the mother.country." .,i <g< Shall theee anticipations be realize11 That theyv;grasp.—Since people have acquired the habi; of using their His wife and children are poorly clothed. His bed hasbeen pawned for money with which to obtain food for discovering ancient relics, inscriptions, & c , or to open hia starving family. He himself has for months be6nsion of the general character of the work. In their correspendence, and this, too, in places where formerly idle, the shop in which he had been used to work hav-this nature would require a periodical devoted to the is this, and he will tell you to look to our auction-storesI remain, yours, very respectfully,iniscencesofMr.AsshetonSmith,""Thegreathunter haps,alreadycorceivedsomeideacftheexistenceoflack of perception," I have looked a little more eloselyBlukeman k. Mason. repeated financial crises of the five-and-twenty yearsLibrary.In LUTHBR'8 Translation of the Bible (to be found in the nnwLongman, is worth putting on record, as an authorita- far. W'hen the expectations of a very large sale are knowing, as they do, that we are exporting almost " weit+rn Tndel der Frau, ale ware er em Klagebrief geuHten;tive statement. " A desire having been very generally realized, it is a cheap method of manufacturing a book; millions of gold per week, to pay to foreigners for ser- " tondern diente der Frau ther ale ein Zeugniee da** threr expmsed that the essays contribuled by Lord Ma- but when they are fallacious, it causes a most unprofit- " Wiederheirath nichte im Wegeiteh*;" That is, '• And such ftcaulay to 'Knight's Quarterly Magazine,' andessays in the ' Edinburgh Review,' which have notable expenditure of capital, and, at the best, excludes vices that they would gladly have performed. Watch " document certainly imputed no further blame to the wife thsa them aB they give for little more than a single yard of "if it had been a mere letter of complaint; on the contrary U the chance of corrections, too often perpetuating errors cotton cloth, a bushel of corn, that under a different " rather served as a certificate in her hands, in proof that thereshould be made more accessible to the public it has beendecidedtocollectandpublishthem. Tothose will be added his biographies of Atterbury, Bunyan, Goldtmith, Johnson and William Pitt, which originally appeared in the ' Encyclopedia Britannica.' Besidesas well as others existing only on manuscript in thehands of private persons; these will be collected and named. printed uniformly with ' The Lays of Ancient Eome.'Macaulay's Miscellaneous Works.' With regard toft?^^"50 *%&&* * ? f e D o w " " N ^ n o t one in terian with the soldier and man of the world, some- ascertained that some portion of an intended fifth ation has occupied the editor, M. de Monmergue, for now yielding fruit—in exhaustion of the soil of the older©od. The Senpture says— 'As iron sbarplneth iron, as described to me by a lady who witnessed it, may v serve to illustrate the curious blending of the Presby-Ithfe ^dernees. OhA how I wept when f read your times exhibited in General Jackson's behavior. Afterletter. Oh, be thankful for your privilege I have bis wife had joined the church, the General, in defer- volume has been left in manuscript, but circumstancesmore than twenty years. ' States, and consequent thirst for the acquisition of dis-" The country between Nashville and the Hermitage " Mr. Jackson, will you ask a blessing?" Mr. Jack- generating political Slavery, or what is called Oriental hat have flourished in its shade will quiekly decay and tremendous price.3s more pleasing to the eye of a farmer than to that of son stopped short in the midst of one of his most sol- —Mies Johnson's new work, "Peasant Life in despotism. The disease in our own slave States is pass- disappear. fhe scenery hunter. FieldJ nearly level, or slightly aier-Iike sentences, performed the duty required of Switzerland," will shortly be issued simultaneously by ing through the same developments that it did in ancientAt the Leeds Chamber of Commerce recently, it was etated by the President that a Frenchman had sub- mittedtohimapiece of cloth seventy-twoiochesiarolling—verylargefieldscomparedwiththose ofthe nim,and theninstantlyresumed hisnarrative inthe C.ScribnerinNew-York,and Messrs.Low&Co.in North—fine grovss and forests of hard wood, creeks same tone and language as before. If it were admis- London. So favorable an impression was made abroadtimes,andisalreadyfaradvancedinitssecondstage. Wearetold,however,thattheinterestsoftheSouthare—The two last numbers of the " Contribution to the to be promoted by the maintenance of the system under width, which he affirmed he could produce at 3/ perdewing through deep ravices into the Cumberland; the Cumberland not visible, but its course indicated by the eontoorofthebhrfts;onlyanoccasionalfieldofcotton,MDie to give here the exact wordB of the interruptedwhich Ireland and India have been ruined, and which it isthefashionofthedaytocallfree-trade. Wasthattheyard. The principle was the adoption of a machine whloh wrapped a woolen thread round a cotton thread, andthisproducedafabriclookinglikewoolen,bui^it^* ^in' enter into a special conyright aivangeinem; Joj England, I burgj i« S^opy, W feljlWt Wlarively occn^d ^ i ^ opinion of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, orJack- which could be produced at the price named. Thel t h lh i n,?8TM* *be»W«tthereof,thisThe render can imagine it,Theory of Lodes," tdited by Baron'Cot^a, Professor ofby her "Peasant Life in Geimany," (everywhere saveThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069publicareignorantofanentirevolumeofadditions and corrections by that writer to his most popular work, the " Middle Ages," and that students are keptEngland. Other examples as striking might easily beSevigncy is about being published by M. Hochette & his free-trade tree. Well watered and carefully tended Lord Macaulay'e 'History of England,' it has been Co. It will form ten volumes, octavo, and its prepar- by yourself and others, all have thriven, and all areP. S.—-I hope to hand you my answer to Mr. Gree- ley's letter of the 17th inst., to-morrow.A great deal of Bordeaux wine is made from a black—We learn that M. Gurowtski is diligently studying tant territory; in Kansas murders and Harper's Ferry Arragoneee wine mixed with a light vin de cahors, riots; in civil and foreign "wars. It is the' same fruit Weakened with water and flavored with orris root. before meals. The company' had sat down at the table fies, with Bufilcient^lainneaB, all that the present the past history of Slavery, with the intention of show- lhat has been produced in Ireland, India, and all other This new " extended" oompeund is actually sent backone day, when the General was telling a warlike story generation are likely to obtain—" Diaries," " Private ing that the ByBtem and its results in all ages are the to Spain and sold for genuine St. Julien Mcdoc, or any with great animation, interlarding his discourse, as countries that are subjected to the British syttem. De-narration the lady of the house interrupted her lord, thereabout. o the root of the tree. That done, the noxious plants us as the finest Cogrihc, for which we have to pay anever seen Major Nicholas yet, but you woVld be sur- ence to her wishes, was accustomed to ask a blessing will prevent an early publication." This account speci- prised to leehow many of our Tennesseeans I haveUntitled Documenthas alwajs been considered to be a sure indication of the presence of diamonds.to increase a* it then was doing would it not now ah* eorb a million andahalf of bales—diminishing hyMJty hundreds of thousands the quantity for which we needMR. CAREY TO MR. BRYANT.LETTER TWELFTH.into the causes of the disease—for that purpose lookingwho made the Revolution did so became they -Weremuch as a single hobnail." Th6y were sensible of theRevolution. Withthatexceptionher reign has now1.,. . ',/J>4 - f-yy — •***»•;,*.. •• •".• * •, „: .^ M V ^ W / J . ' /DEAII S I R : Thirty years since, South Carolina, the great water-powers of both South and North* anddo......dodoO v # . . . . . . . . . • dod*,, Hthreats but measures of disunion, each in its turn find- ing more persons in the center and the North anxious for the maintenance of the Union, yet disposed toward acquiescence in the decision of their Southern brethren, whatever that may prove to be. This is a great change to have been effected in so brief a period, and sad aa itfcareely visible to ihe eye, yet strong enough to bid defiance to VVQTJ effort that may be made to break;them.such threads—British politicians have seen that by crossing and recroseing each other, and tying together the Puritan of the North, the Quiker, the German, and the Irishman of the center, and the Episcopalian of that • South, they would give unity and strength to the great whole that would be thus produced. Such, too, is the tendency of our present policy, our whole energies having been, ani being now, given to the creation of ! nearly parallel lines of communication—roads and canals pasting from West to East through New-York and Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and Carolina —always at war with each other, and never touching until they reach the commercial capital of the British islfends. In that direction lie pauperism, sectionalism, .weakness, and final ruin of our system. Desiring that the Union may be maintained we must seek again the road so plainly indicated to us by Washington, Jeffer- son, Madison, Monroe, and Jackson, the greatest men the South has yet produced.In common with Franklin and Adams, Hanosck and Hamilton, those men clearly saw that it was to the in- dustrial element we were to look for that cement by which our people and our States were to be held to- gether Forgetting all the lessonsthey had taught, we have now so long been following in the direction indi- cated by our British free-trade friends—-by those who now see, as was seen before the Revolution, in the dispersion of our people the means of maintaining colonial vassalage—that already are they congratu- lating themselves upon the approaching dissolution of the Union, and the entire restablishment of British influence over this northern portion of the continent. For proof of this, permit me to refer you to the follow- v ing extracts from Tlue Morning Post, now the recog- nized organ of the Palmerstonian government:. Again, the learned EWALD (in his Getchichte de* Volkt ltr*d, next,contractingforthepaymentoffourandeven voL2ofAnhang,page1S5),commentingontheJewishbillofdi- five per cent per month, for the little money they need, vorcement says: " Und tieher enthielt tin tolcher Brief keineflThe business of the $21,576,147. The City ( the whole or any part of the City of New-York, interest at the rate of Quarterly. The bids wil on Saturday, the 21st' of row will probably take $ hereintransitu. Thth ernmest Registered Five last row "days, but the ] excepting at a considera are active at J ¥ cent p supply is moderate. 1 prenu The New-Havei pany has declared a sea payable April 2. A cor aal intimates that the H obtained an order of Con a Bullion of fifth morrjM rights."At theadjourned mee Convention, which cony on the21st inst., Col. ED *nd resolutions adopted **ilwa.y lines tenninaiir°* Lake Michigan, who Jj*rch. At laid mettiuj Turlington and Quincv, ««d Chicago Union, Chi )b£icago and Milwaukee •£•• preamble sets fortl«**etofore been claime Jheir rights—to fix the ti {°» W est-it is deemed' hat©theprivilegeof*** demand that the tin nxedat9a,m. njxi i>S ^ M s l e g a t e to ui #thegood.Mr. Calhoun sowed the seeds of seclionalism, aboli-by a bill of divorcement but by a cruel death,Yours, ROBERT DALE OWEN.W*I i*h tv?5*vW'% Pfision,ofthose. S^fceTji Machineryit}f,obetested, :allthe other materials required for the production'of ain the increase of that internal commerce to which, alone, we can look for extricat'on from the difficulties : in which we are now involved. Let our policy be suchGESENIUS, than whom, you are aware, there is noWooll i e 50 100o©S 225 8«0ecoj.25 New-Jersey Railroadft,O09 Tennessee 6s, 90 2.009 Virginia. 8tat« 6sof the aboi www.fultonhistory.com 