 tv?fInduction to^cent. The shares, with the Bailway•OMemtmon aiaKcr. wAaaaavsaa. Pkfi. Vihu.ir«4MontevideoAa.bark Wsiblnftioo, from BjrtoB ter^;^wUiieeto obtain apaaiport, and, at the «amewaamurder. He foundthe fact that Sight Exchange on London, the re- byaj^'Mn 'tution was cited in of tbe on Feb. 17thaiMllilj nitaraUied In the Court of in bis judiment were calculated to promote the wel- support tnstimtlon, and to Broadway, instant, at 7;< o'clock P. M. Loanrecent Bub-Treasury, $197,-VtriMbbZ' vrsiosaquiet Wanatscarceandwanted,at^a^ammlini.thattime or other clrcnnutanceaUVmn0tMllcans of 1776 and the was,CoNOVza &•WAsanroTox, Jan. 23, 18«0.i,itmf*V**,Stcntarr<ir grtb.Vtmi VwtiMn,„ ^expression of sympathy from tbe peopte of the Uiilted States with the people of Italy, In their struggles and hopes for Freedom, would and animateexportThis calculation is formed byHM^.ttfl ! afprahaDalTC 1iil%l|i*^tiiflliii»l1,ar compelledWILLIAM B.the "OM he aboald ntnin to bii native land. Astmmmwtumnehon hand atquiet at $S W«$S 3S for superfioe. Wautdd. .at. -4ltar.tatThe ISAACright FERRIS,WATTSH. B. SMITH,' obllceHAMILTON FISH. F0L80M,presentsuppltes. ButwithaaordinaryC;, , iSfAtMUatgoods than tbe current wtu work requirementBe^Mlais•rSMMsttoof. A movement is on foot to abol- Iih fi« Court of Claims.10.000 do1.000 Tlrginla St 6s B 000 dothrough the main entry, have followedMcaiaebl....Ba» HeD Gate.... 1 IftAttB aprotracted19,000 do slO KOV 60 Norwich & Wor.R. 37was no reply to say these opinions were formed while the, ..trect there waa do justifisatioB or apology for the lawsdisposedafter theHe would net weary the House withjettlie Democratic Party of today denounced these doctrines as false and fanatical. It held as an abstract proposition that property la man existe as a natural right, no more to be condemned in morals, or deprecated in policy, than the Idea of property Inignorance, poverty popular liberty,FtatCRB.theresoluUon. Negatived. ,...,.,.Slaveryworse would rather die than become a bondsman, and not a man but wonld sooner ace the lid of tbe coffin cloeed over hiseacrciae of ain no other way.1lotN. 8.st.adinutsg.a Wth-tt,ad)»iBlag:wi.lS^iHarkeas by Tele^gs^l*o th* Vaw-Tgrk TlniM.Bank,at 7I Mipatek WmmmrujMr. Hi-niAtLB,of Tennessee (American) said tbechild's face, than to see that chiU sold IntoSlate:Auditor of Ottawa County,the Bulhon Brokers to await anlater in the season.; l*po^rir-st,e4W"f4i,'jMS«2o%airebsS,k> ettlaeaa abroad, aad from which it will not It ia proper to remark that Mr. Xamr, aponwhich talked treasonable sentiments, and which haddelegated designatescontalitaresearch, and of particular Interest to Oriental schol-IiBkabttanta."tbeplacewere indeed a tissue olapplication, glittering generaiities.Feb. 9i.aUoaiac Clarka to certain Committees, the House plete -wotiato CoBBlttee of the Whole for the first time,aad ib. naar of Connectlcat opened the Slaverykan tai aa able speech, which was briely responded toWethe slave trade was In operation, for that Infamous 10,000 do 80J4 100 do bit 1S»« news of the day, without intending to be made aby Mr. RaASAa of Texas.for a set speech on the general questloBs involved in tbe President's Message.Hajqr Senators were on the floor to-day—the Senatetendency to weaken It and nothing in his opinion had a great- er tendency In that direction than the schemes for the extension of Slavery. He quoted from a speech of,BOtbatag In sessionauBts to tbe Post-office bill, which the House Com- Ittee OD Ways and Means will report back to- 1—11gw, with tbe Senate amendment on the frivfltae stricken out and disagreed to. A generalproductive of the greatest benefitsChicagoHolaes,; Sosao.Bsarte, Boston. 8. V. LswISiAlioa.whoseanddo101 60 do b3n\tbi Qtaadlng Coomiittees, and Is«r tta abifat lawyers and the best men IntOPacificUallS. Co.. 79!( 100 Cleve. * Tol. R.MKW-0BLBAN8, Feb. •.-.Arr. ablia TTia—.fcfMr. Axszasoa has the floor;nd.Biv.B. IM 3,O0OHad.Kiv.R.3dM.60lOaH do—operating in favor of the amend-It is and expedientin aocietlea where, fromsoils and climate. It may be newly established. Democratic Party, moreover, in^ted that this prop-of theIS Bk..l07H 760 Galena b Metropolitan8 Am. £z. Bank .... 97S4 500B ...seOtJXJ. W.ApalaehieahL W> rSeaator. Vieks. SaawMtaTO. Holse, ""->h-, TUmIim R. Caldwell. Hodtoa, fbstlMtsa.CB aholl iih tng ito franking privilege wHlat tbe Connnitteea have gone to work in to diqwse of the accumulated business,States; that whenever the term "property" is used in that Instrument it embraces slaves as fully as any other object of legitimate ownership, and that every conclusion of legal and logical consequence ia tbe language of tbe Constitution, wblch may apply toat all It was not be-so doSloopa Gleaner, Coleman, Nev-Havaa. astSf ; F. Brown, Carr, Providence, maatsr.Aiiliad*Steamahlp Atlantic, Pear<on. AspiawaO IdB.,«ltk-*NM Asaodatsd Fisas. 4w. Wasb»««wi, Friday, Fob. 10.briefIn tlie firstif tliose doctrines were eor-regardedasmanifesting a feirerof discussionBenjamin Chase, from New-Vork hAS arr. here snd 1ia« t;xp4;rieuc«<l very beavy WTp^j^Hfs^^^^-^^;?_-^"-^-»<j¥^:^i!^s^-*'-w^'/'->" : 'l.-.-fn?T^iJ^^'?^!'^>^::m^-'-f^^^f^^-tethewholeaatlar. Itsaata C—ItlliHiM I lliinHl a*i|itia at Wyandotw, as lig that Slavery Is right, and the nsasii aU over tbe tsdM OB the ttmSTTi CoMMa to sSnnln arying Committees, and tbe Pacific Railroad question to to 'be adrlaed whether he can ufeiyTliUhls a select Committee of fifteen.York nnehaiged.CoTTOK quiet aad easieribat quptatiaM an.-Him,f^f^ aetfeerln the Suchyof Hdiiaiii.^ HaUaaa- Mr.Fixxr.of CoDnecticut,(Rep,)8aid be was uncon-MJaW'ka liad attained tbe age of twenty yean, and, terests of any one section beyond those of any otheri propertythis fearfulcent alteration in the Bank of2JS0 h«to. Floitb doll and oaehaiwed.6. E. PUGH. SBFLT of tXCBSTABY CASS.advocates of schemes which he believed injari- ous to the whole country. He bad no eontro- veray with the people of tbe South, and was hearti- lytiredoftheaectlonalwatcb-wordswhichbadCosatitutionthe very existence of Slavery. It speaks of persons,JAMES F.JOHN W. FRANCIS, JOS. P. THOMPSON,will not ninety bring any greater quantity of stwleCTTT T9»T-Own€U.TeHrareapcctfully,SOUTTER, MOSES H. GRINNELL, H. T. TDCKERMAN.daysn SuTi, WAjmHOToa, Feb. 1, 18S0.;the rendition clauseproj;>eeestorestore,Kottb— Bniiaio aad "-— sboold Albaay,Mm. Oto. B. PugkSot—I have the honor to acknowledge the receiptmarket will resultShippers that we are.«iM sotlosesightof NorthallWsslWarMan..^^^* '•>•:and la representationThethe fact, aof tbe nextBRYANT,followingissummaryof theHence be would not permit himself to be drawn into a dispute upon local and geographical distinctioDS. His controversy was with those who guide tbe Democratic Party, for ttiere W fUa Oorermnent concerning the rights of be faund the source of all evils. It was that party;upon persons,BoyalSociety publicationshowever,that a moderate advance East fSr Bostim, Biflrsai•f your letter, and I locloae for your iuibrmatlon an t«r a letter to the Uiniiterofthe Unlted-SUtes dated July 2S, 18M, which explains tbeto thiaence to this species of property is to let It alone. The have excited much attentlen. The works wereupon present prices will warrant further shipments imtil old stocks shall beby aastfcrBostea, bylHssiabost,led this Govenunent into a well nigh universal l>e- 1 of onr Minister, Hr. Wusar, was trayal of tbe common righte of humanity. Thereway,articles of great> Iram the serrlce of tbe HanoTerian Got- was once a Democratic Party of a far different char-Ton wlU perc«lve that, agreeably to tbeacter, and which spoke with a widely different ut-ous individuals interested In suchpiuchaied copies, finding them works of rare value.[AlmllssaMIl"Lake may be seen for a short time at Sohads' Gal- lery, In Broadway. At the same place BisAiroaa'sloans that was witnessed when Importations of •»*8t Jossfh.'ilt.jrir'^'-* Ud down In this dispatch to Mr. Waiaar, MnrtenaH oirea no military serriee in Denmark, aakfaft tka« lieibre he had be«i called into the Ann'M'flRny, and theielbre could not be rightfullyment ofdom, it was the Constitution of the United State*. Mr. FxaxT here recounted the objects for which the Constitution waa established, that not amatters, bavefork daeerter. We ^d^endlogonob-re- and thoseMr. Jab. "Placidment are done at 2X. real UponlUfflment,lk> jmtt of an American natoraUsed citizen, tv wfcleli he can be subjected when returning to tlielittlein prisoB," attiaete much attention.m [ASrvrtlKmeDt]BsATain CssoiIMr. BooBAaAS, in aaswar to bis tfhaCovenunent was upon the point of taking theof Connecticut, signed that declaration, and he did not believe either of those grave men put hisWorcestershire Sauce, and eaa be obtained at eae-H. Unger ft Co Wm.I'arsons Colvin C. Baker Order6,100 Ballln b Saaders. ... 31 000 9,86tRoss,FalconerfcCo. 6.79SFmeasnns for the"as aiwiiililaiiil that he had already been released fromandipeeial exceptionalmeasure," when it wassent them here. If12,000 Jas. Patrick b Co.. .. 37,000 11,000 Convoy bU'Connor.. 10,000 7,694 Jennings b Breirster 13,000a anbstitnte.posed now to endeavor'to state fairly what seemi tofitting...J. Goldsmith & CoVm. T. ColemanACo 36,300 Eugene. Kelly b Oo. 30.000 Knox and child K. A. 8«ala, wue. lalbataad swmI ;, Scholle Brothers.... 34,600 Taaffe.MeCablUb Co 60 OU t. BlsekteT. M. Frederiok aad vMb. Cut. rjLMi- A. Rich tt Brothers. 6,800 Harbeek b Co 3.000 mont. Dr. Paul OBerolt, J. Triplett SaaSb, Jfcs. H«-Mrs. StillR.Meader&O.Aduns 7,000 Chas. W. Crosby 16,000 bourne, asd infsot Mrs. Harlovs. A. BerviaTbe Standing Committees of tbe House.ae arranged1)7 Mr. Speaker PaBanraroSiare proneunced able evenkyikoaewhofeeldisappointedin notreceiving posi-him that they ought no longer to de- ceive themselves with ambitious declarations, and platforms admitting of double constructions. He contended that the prevalent opinion of those who— S5:denycontingentstriction or disability of race orwho sought such distinctions weresort to Indirect and outside interpretations.page of tbe Constitution was radiant with the light of universal liberty, and be who would find eitherday, Feb. 13, atcreate any liability onto re- Every"tinues rather Slack.Bars are current to-day at 880 par for such lota astemporarythewere intended to be universal in their$t.600 J.Heebt,Enropa Jura Africa Amsrieaapplication,halftheprice.BallU^—SkatihoatthiCurniALPark.— J.6.Parker&Son.. 9,000EogeoeKellyfcCo:.60,000tbey did not reply at a fitting time to some of the assaults wblch bad b^en made (boawTleelneoaiseqaence «f bis place having been upon them. In the diacbarge of that duty be pro-tlaaa of piominenee on them. At the head of the firamed the Constitution, was that,MllUens of bottles are now ased every year inand aaqphdtbe, ime of tbe ablest lawyers, as well as evil. To some extent It waa a neceasary evil in com-rsMMllliiii on Claims is placed Mr. Tahpaii, of New- economically. Slavery should be regarded as ansaccess. Relief is Only as rente a bottle.Immediateandcertain.Eirby, Byrne b Co, Total.. b Co...O, H. P.B. L, Lcnnt asd wife, aaant•BC of the moat laborious men in With an Congreas.munities where It badlong—show that their were averse from the opinionsMONETAKY AFFAIRS.Stock-jobberssAcieat Committee to back him, private citizens who an, and have been for years, the creditors of the GorarsmeBt, maynowhopetoluvetheirelaimsex- aadaadaadespeciallyIteRoom,whoconsiderthemselvesbadlytreatedby Watkina,Ooald,mesaenger,and386las eeta^B—^»Amore than atheir memorial to the Legislature, with the following 19V draught of a Bill to open the Stock Exchange to1.--.^ ^a oopy of <hsrecardtadsn wan tseek-Uat wM>the OeBstraaaonfbtj. IMSftl'^ ' land were beinc gradually led ae8|«W¥><»«.Tke last named Oompany daelaie tkeir naoal half-J lets-to Iks mimlmtm er Kaasas into tbeVaioB.Mr. HeiMtslndMsd a taaolutlaa that the severalandaSS1M8.&«laadtedoso, wlA tke addlUon ef the Committeesas a nataral right. No word of inspiration gave man dominion overfor the colaDlxaaoB of tticn he wonU risk 8laTaiT.expaBslaB.;seaaats aad Toryitories. ~ ...ja.hUand the fowl of the air.deemed^saidbe of lo use^ except as private sccratariss to therevolutionaryright,destroySlavery,hotMr. Bcsxxrr. of Kentucky (Dem.,) CbaL men.theySlavery. produced ijolated in- Tka AAnrinf ^iitoiMtiiig coneapondence is the sion complslnts were made that clerka ware appointed stances of thoee who preferred that sute, the Up ta.My dl^wtch a fsw eroiiiigs aioce- when there was nothing to do. common sense of mankind would find into the Committee on Elections.Adioomsd.SooAa bMa^j cioMd with an eiliaaiMF«b, 10.Cam wlU be read with plea»- ioffcraI(nblrtb.or OHIO, to ih« staw Whole on tbe State of the Uaion, Mr. WASHstias, of of property furnished evidence against tberview of the hopeful condition of Italian af- rates are unsettled,all the from change unchanged. way'''"' """'^ '^"""'^ COTTO. unchangedrvQB, DU-AmnoKT.system.^? i^! ^J'."^" amounte to $1,476,626, (as against $1,319,924 the corresponding steamer last season,)salesofthe, Friday,Committeesi^ovidedfor.long agesbondagevanced jjc. Fiooa108|, that figure waa On Paris, the Boixboojantat «18 X7Jt«$ig'7s. MMiSa^(Rep.,)rightinItself,18,000t)ales,sgalnst'12.000 inadoption scramble over the resolution quotetlons, but tbe proofs of this were full and com-Constitution.Sandy Hook.lO tlMAMNE INTELLIGENCE.;10,000 do bio «)J» to Ulch.S.fcN la 6.S. liHpublic.publishit as oftheStreet partcattle or merchandisethat the of American systemtagea, and condemned a everything having16 b30 16bany legislation is to be looked to as the best Uncle TobySonle, Antwerp, WF. «»>—'*» ;;of territorial law until made sobut that line of argument was imuecessary. His an- swer to the assumption was that tbe Constitution oftbe United States nowhere of recognizes any rightSAMUEL F. B.inthe country. His only antagonists were tbe property man,UiatIncreasesdemand the toamage to reach as In ttas nextresounded so long In Ibis Hall.from wboee platform aU mention of tbe in- alienable rights of man was act erased, and in whose ears freedom did not have a liateful sound. But that party was no more. He spoke not of it. It was the living Issues of tbe present that be chose to meet. For the first eight weeks of this session the Democra- tic Party In this House had occupied Its time almost uniaterruptedly In the discuislon of tbe Slavery question. The President davoted|a large portion of his Mesiage to the same topic. The TIce-Presideut hadgovernmentbreathed thevery spiritof Free-teranceforeign were staplesthe placeof ofantagonistictoprinciplesofthedeclaratioo,whichBauce, manufactured by Paxxxs BaorasBa, London, ean be obtained of Ihair agent ia this City, A. J. PASEsa, at;comiiigfreely. ForIj^iiM btrtlu A case involving these piinci-aXtf occurred in Denmark. Mr. Smidt, a na- addressed the country upon the same subject from or excuse for bondage must turn his back upon that. North American. ..Feb. II,. York rules at 2 }« premiam, but something better can Asia. Feb. IS.. be done for a large sum. Private bUIa for Bramen Feb. U..the legislative halls of bis own StateWmuimia, Inaediately remonstrated against this anew by other leading Democrats. The conse- equality political right,of th*t coontry, bat an American naturalizedtbe Demo- cratic Senator from Ohio had introduced it la the Senate, and tbe vexed question had been openedprobablylarge amoimts can be had at 2 V cent Rates of City Waahlng'n.Feb.the Danish i>r last. Our Minister atserviceurgedthat tlte battles of the Re-,«aa(ioKedlnto ta ami mlmilitary Copenhagen,freightV cent, and the Vanderblit boat wlU take down a small amoimt at something less.MexicanDollarahavebeenslowat1034premium.Mr.i of the rights of our countrymen, andreported quence had beea a widespread agitation throughoutand and tbe Indefeasible ofallmentoliberty. Otherwarshadt>eenstrugglesKangaroo.lu business andtion. Bli eonrse was approred, and he was in- tbe good Older of society. Tbe dlscosalons in thisfor conquest without of tbe masses thought;uponThe sntMcriber t>eg8 leave to Informmer-remittance to Hong KoBg. The Early Bird sailed last week with $173,741Havre.I to this for its considera- the country, Depaitmeotdisturbingendangeringancestors justified their takinguparmsthecotmtrychante that he is now Importing and bottling the treasure, of which the greater portion waa In gold United Kingdcaa...JaB.2B....eiaaaMrof tbeof 1860 now is, that for those masses liberty is right, Onun will be made out and for- Democratic Party, to controvert those doctrines, and snd safest and best He appreciated the difficultyNo. 29S Broadway.Paaseagiers Ajiiaaa,fnjtranukts At<<iitie,/>*ai Atpmwtt^lb. Cesaie T.bjrAm mmI as the necessary descriptive list is received,theorythat surrounds that theory In to tet forth frankly bis own views. The time had where Slavery has existed forRepublicansa society centuries,Walxi*,Naylor 8,000 9,000 BoberfsJCorris'nbCo 16,000a for UMiiailttf, wudedto yon.HOLLOWAT's OiNiMiHT.—Pains in the back or limbs, stiff neck, rheumatism, rheumatic gout neu- ralgia, and sore throat, are cured by rubbing in thisI am. Sir, your obedient servant,du^but that a practical application of those principles ought to be made whenever and wberever a new community was to be established he could not doubt;and both tie history and the of the Consti- languageJ. Stanwood 6,600 .Venstatder Bros deis of this Government He referred to the declar- the United States for children teething, with never- Wm. Selieman & Co. SO.COO FreemanbCobe the natural reaulte of the doctrines avowed by the...generationnh1100 do92S 16Cleve.&ToUR.39 19Xliberty is based upon property In man that ;1.0001or only source of reforming the practice of theStock Exchange, any more than the proper Brookimt.Roper, Su John N. F.7wi]«SBle.B(aalKls.^property in man is not merely right where It exists as an tn- voltmtary Inherttance, but right to be introduced iaThat as a recently-estabUsbed communities. system81 6Panama Railroad 132V_Brigs Boih, Lloyd, AmsterdaB. KjU b Panaba; Commonwealth, (Br.,) Hilts. AnlisBa, b.R. Da lUSifranking erty In man is, to use the phrase of the day, recog- nized and protected by tbe Constitution of tbe UnitedlargefavoringWtCom Exchange with the reservation of a com-— Davis, Noriolk,;ful construction. Hevolution were fought for tbe principles of universal.J«b. 3S.raoM aoaopa.come when they should fully understand each other; and. he rejoiced that no politicalLEWIS CASS. and honorable gentlemen would agree wlib manded of him a solution or those dlfScultieBIt was justly considered a great moral wrong a sinagainst God, and a crime against man, as well asagainst sotmd political doctrine. Such continued to be the general 'opinion of the country forfrom extension, and also to the opinions expressed at a later period by Massball, Gov. MoDowsu., ofHaven,politicallyStephen Tllton & Co. 1.890 Wells, Fargo t Co.wife and 4 childrenW. W. Upton, Q. W.WaodnCA.'—existed but atlll an evil.Constitution,toOveracker^wife and Infant W. B.Tan;circumstances In Tbedo do doH, Baxaid;dwelling.legal ability have merchandise of any description, is equally applicable said that those who atrive for the3 000 Cal. Bs.7s. 86 100 Largepeopleof-.•Ps^r•tlva"B—d.but slaveholders proposed to carry a naaav oOeen bave aU been regularly installed, ciary, and an overwhelming majority of Bemocratlc antem which the North believed hateful in the alght...FaibAT, Feb. 10-P. M. A further improrement in prices was had onfor any other member of the Board, when said mem-ber is present And all contracts for the purchase or Liverpool ColumUa, franllev-Tarkt mtmmit'B^tfflaaifafaaap. The usual excitement no longer eon- Haass, aad Am galleries are iteariy deserted.Mr. McI.Aaa and Seiior OcAaro are expected to-OaiBt SsvASB Hmaina Jcsovm RAixam was "nkam to-day as an impostor, and lodged inmembers of Congreas in both Houses, embraced the opinions be bad named In the late discussions in this and in tbe other wbig of the capitol. Ha had heard these doctrines set forth and received almost without question as part of the Democratic creed. Indeed, he might assume that but for the stem resistance of tbe Republican Party, these doctrines would be practical-of God and unjust to man, and under the protection of the Government for which the North Is responsible. They were acting not for the present only, but for the future, and their children were to be called on there- after to quench in blood tbe aspirations of freedom sure to rise, sooner or later. In the hearts of the slave, and to betray the fugitive from Sonora or Colorado. The alavea of the South already maintain twenty Repreaentatives In Congress, and It was the bnsineeasale of Stocks, Bonds or other securities, diall be void imless tbe purchase and sale shall have been made in apubllc manner as aforesaid.Sza 2. The Board of Brokers shall keep a dally re- cord of all aales of Stocks, Bonds and other aecarttiea, and shall, on the second Tuesday of each monUi, make a statement, verified <m oath of the President or Secretary of such Bosid of Brokers, showing tbe cor- rect amoimt of sales for the previons oumui, aad fileett, from Leghorn. SATajinIb, Feb. ^-Affpool; haiks ABsUe, Mod—Ma"Congreas. ment, the Democratic members of the Federal Judi- South objected;80 d*Calcuttt: Itaballa, Irom Boatoa ;HaryviSST ftMbof tbeupteaching as true. If this doctriaeshould ever become"^i"' freel]etK.8.flcent. BeiE the Panama 4MsNT8.iMl-St..the predomiaaat fseUag. then realeteksat tbs last aaaica of Ceugiess, be now aatlwr- Veedily disappear from this Republic. Be repeated leyenoes of Goverameat tartha porchaee ofannote and Pacific shai«s were firm thisi<iadlB(Ca^aMsaa whs ware antborlxed to emploTfrewloa wooldmen to eettle the poblte desnala ;y AtUntie,on that property in asea oonld not existthe known, beingstepno Slave State had;et legalizedstrengthen Italian patriote and other Europeans whofellowmanaait didoverthethe lesU the peo- ple of aTerritmrr, to dqnlTe a rasa of his slave pror-ritory come to form a Gonstitntlan, thsy Bay, br thecent The generalPanama,132^|r«nMetint, Expoudi tit no present necessity for clerks. He moved to table instincts of the human heart, and to the literature of erty therein. When, however, the people of a Ter- quotations at the close were marked firm by the 1 ot N 8. tsth-st, ad)oiaTeg, Itl^aTbe nsolatloa was resisted on the Demoeraue Mr. HoDRoa, of Alabama (Dem.,) »^_V*"»skw.fishes of the sea appealed to tbe justaathority, eltber oa the of partdeayiacsatisfactory. 60llatB.8.«Mh.st..aevery age and natlOB, which declared would thandeath. NotamanInthatHalibutBrokers.There is fair employment for Money on tem-porary Loan at 6 ^ cent., while Discounts, out-side ofmand1 ot N. g. 69ih by aboatlLast ses- IfTbe Democrats continued to oppose the resolution such phenomenon more conclusiveby dilatory motions, without dispasing of it. the brutalizlog influence of the Institution. Tbewere thus to beofhadIlacking :tlT* at (bat aonatiT) but came to th* United Slata scious of being actuated in his public acts by tbe in- tem absolntely necessary for the preservation of with their canse, do hereby respectfully Invite their relatively better than 60 day Bills. The Customsinman,provedof nch aa in cash»-«*-^HeCoBfieaaorbuyerSlots 8.S. tmh-st,a.ofThe House resolved itself into a Committee of the laws made for tbe security of that species fairs, the unanimous devotion of the people of Italy * '° ""=-»—^e"'tI5r^'5tlL-'- '• Irregolar—qnaled I«8<|M8}f |was impossible that any relation,i«rtpt! aame'tteM'taBt w^-of moderation, patience, self-sacrifice and salf-oon- resolutions referring tbe variona branches of tlte maintenance in a eivliizad society. He found those this end, tbe undersigned, believing that the timely|1up bydemand on Londonwe«k,_8,5«)bales;Judges declaringand that declarationsys-that fellow-eitizena to convene, for thesympathizepurposeEngland interest, paid to-day, are $206,000, and the furtherchangedsalesto-dayliUsft.^ Wlftr ITbMt 4d «t>ilOowiibyU«eertUSoateharewlilten- Hehadsoughtalwaystoadvocatesuchmeasuresaa thatpropertydidnotexistoflight. ButtheConsti- expression,attheCityAssemblyRooms,No.448 sumof$200,000waspaidinforaccountofthe$1 90«tl 45.70c«72cforYellow,sad eeaHaad-Ia.-liiwrt. natural was said to t>eother intothe receipte$392,000•MMB dnav.uH.theof positive law.' He might reply that tbe l>eat ex- poundersofconstitutionallawhadagreedwithgreat unanimity that the Constitution does not become partHATEMEYER,;IW. H. APPLETON, U. W. BEECHER,W. F.FRANCIS L. hXwkS,Pleaa'Ipf Ottawa Coosty, Ohio, on the 10thfare of tbe entire country, acting for tbe future asnotonlyforthethirty-fourStatesofto- day, but tbe fifty sovereignties of tbe next generation. In other words,he hadalmednot to be a politician, but a statesman. From such motives he bad made his choice between the great political organizations ofrightsuperaddedguarantee000 noon,$(,468,9S6.vanee.Flottsnncbanged. WHaarsteadyatt iBb)*ette Bnitaiy aerrlce, at tbe date lib. Dlltiiuhaalieen pronounced ^tllil0^i>itl» abaeaee) by the Danlih authorl- that be may be arrested, to aerre a« awl-Theadvices from Ban Francisco, to Jan. 20, received byfor sad $1 40«$l SO for wUte. red,Cass^~^ ^-v"*;KETCHUM, ROBERTB.MINTCRN,not only for the twenty-five mil-AUGUSTGEORGE W. BLUN-i-,A SMMIwellastheptesentliuDs of the present generation, but tbe forty millionsBELMONT,HIRAM CHARLES KING,not chattelsnot merchandise to Ite owner, but tbe debtor to bisoff, and a confidence Is entertained that an ImprovinKbyact ofCongress;MORSE, OGDEN,Wmsai steady, at X3e.a2»e.CnomAfi, Fridsy, Mb. MMandnowherecreatesauchpurpoaely, carefully, guardedly, Ignores GEORGE B.SHERMAN,creditornot property. All that the ConsUtutlon does In refer- valuable Chinesenumber country,basedAsiatichas sent aofwhich tuperabondasce of nearly all goods, nor assume Booth aad Seathwsatera Mall.proofInIt to the cause of Italian Independence, and the spirit i'Ht !?rPf ""''"^UltnoisMr. SaaanAs, of Ohio (Rep.,) offered a aeries of require such utterly repugnant enactmente for ite trol which has marked their counsels and elfbrto for and a good part of the Bar Gold was takenIn tbe Chair.President's Annual Mesasge to tbe appropriate Stand-sbouldlaws constituting a remorseless, terrible system of machinery for changing a man Into a brute. But oneprint- protection it enjoys is the protection of State sover- ed at Shanghai, in the office of the North Ctilna Her-and others to the sameion of these upright Southern patriots and statesmen, 10.000 doSlavery waa tne fruitful parent ofand vice, and destructive of all truefreedomofspeechandofpoidealaction,andespec-ially hurtful to the laboring clasaes of freemen. It 2,000 K>sonri St. 6s 81 100 doVirginia,traffic had ceased In 1832, when occurred tbe memorable debate in the Virginia Legisiaturei e bad no ipartlcular apprebension as to the safety of the Union, out he waa sensible of Ite manifold adran-a 3.600 Cal. State 7s ... »Sii MOFeb. U.Gov. McDowiLL, ofofed that Slavery was marring tbecountry by sowing broadcast the seeds of unkiadness and suspicion, by fostering sectional anlmoaltlea andandauthorityregulate Railway competition. AsCharleia. Means, Havana, B. 8. Vinlag ^^in Delegates 1832,In which Gov. McDowsix prosperity-In the House Virginia, Virginia:O. B. Allsiifor aectionalSlavery wotild endanger the national Union, beingthe reptUsive element between the membera of our too do bM71 300 doRepublic tending-to excite political distrust aliena- 43 do opK 71 60 dotion and hostility. That statesman foresaw that if sr- do bit 71 100 do llOiih disunion was to bestrugglespower,predicted thatM Canton Co b60 172511. T. Cent B.opK 70Ti 176 doapprehendedcatjse of oppoaltion to Slavery, but because of Slaveryopg 707ifxcoss soAas. t9V«%0N.T. Ccn. B.doItself^ To give this cause force and prominence byand the Instttutlon waa to strengtheningStack nurpoeee.Bnkert'the Stete oftreasnre and passengers from aad —expandingact the part o{ the madman who appilea the torch to Ids own It had beenExcktatgtand New-York, representedis* ••71K in Senate and Assembly, do enact as followskeaa eompHmented, by t>eing placed on tbe Commit- to slave property. He knew there was a section sion of Slavery were seeking colonization and I.MOD.Y.Cen. <<.... 93 23 Brie Railroad » Sxcnos 1. The bufinese of buying and selling of ta* OB Claims, is Hon. Auaas Elt, of New-York. of the Democratic Party, to which he would pres- empire in a dlrectlsn not inconsistent with the 3.000 MIch.So.8.F.Bs. 65V too Reading Railroad.. 39 Stocks, Bonds and other Securities at thj New^orkteH.B.OrJBweUbCo. BELOW—One Iwrfc and 1iIntegrityexpan-8,000 Brook.OTW. L'n:ly carried out in all tlielr logical results by all the De- of the North, when they were asked to "oipi^in ing measnre. The preliminary action of that Ixidy, the same at the office of the State Treasurer. Andpartments of Government. What were those results lamore.He wonld next consider that portion of the Demo-eratie which stands without theParty pale ef fullwithout reflecting anything like a final decision, istbe shall lato Preaident, Secretary or;Treasiirer paythe Stete Treasnry for State purposes, at the timeLrvxsFcoL. Jan. J8.—Tbe shipKew-Tork.general cargo, triHt at one time she badtplace,spiritone-fourth of a mill on each dollar of value of such Stocks, Bonds and other securiltoe sold.Tkeieee^ptaiD Dseember were, froni Customs of tfas Dalted S tales sfainst the African Slave-trade. DevoiAS, Of lUiaois, as the exponent of their opUi- lierand coasiderHt>ie qaaotities proceedings bill. Stork Exchange llrokers' Board shall violate any of ptusped up- ForesLSSt Is sprang, and theaaaiu 411,000,000; notsa Treasnryas In iOBs. These opinions were to his -mind more do-merchandise, exists as a testable in Biorals, and worse in logic than the doc- belief is very prevalent in this quarter of the State the provisions of Ihjs act. they shall be guilty of a mis- Ihoagbt U' be the saoie.eommtmioa, and sniqioeed he look to and might Judgethan waa looked for from the ear-of the friends of the And the Sic. 3. If any officer or member of the New-York water iu her holdIf•iBkw, 1867, »i,D«).000; the aggregate being, with natural right, if it Is established by the Constitution, trines he bad already considered. The startiae point that the whole scheme of on the Rail- demeanor, and fined and Imprisoned as the Courimay Mesiu. Feb. 9.—The tchr. Wontron (pn\ditnies were over $14,000,000.axpensaa iacnrred inTerritories U overcratic parties was upon tiie question, " is it right or wrong to establish Slavery ?" Ttie Demorrats, in fulloppressionways vill fall to the ground whenever the factsinvolved are placed rightly before an unprejudiceddirectSxc. 4. All acte and parts of acte Inconsistent withthis act are hereby modified and repealed, aad this act shall take effect In thirty days from Its passage.ported atbore) whs got off after Ckkina oat he'- cargo, and has arr. at tbeoltr.—(Byte'BALimosi. Feb. 10—Tbe b;krk Edward B'. Cbuletton bss dragged ashort on db* mlddls^no niHHi mbythe Indian War inMSregate amount repwted theCommis-communion, asserts the former, and reasonseootiKb upon this theory, but with Senator DonoLAS,of either House. The discussion yester- day, and vote on printing the evidence, strengthensinwhich are univereally applied to all objects of owner-ship, then buman t>elngs are an article of property,Is a curse or aduty of Congress to provide forthwith for Slavery blessing, juist as you please. sition, if it ever had any real strength, with the season.under act of Do-Tsatlpla from other sources, $1S,M)0,000. The ezpen- if that instrument applies to it all the guarantees of divergence between the Republican and Demo-propertyBian,and the statutepiracy Is a tyrannical enactment, and Ite execuUoB right and wrong on ttala question Is a matter ofPatersco RiverThe traffic of the Harlem Railroad in Januaiy BiiUlsnt from Kew- York, dnriDX tbe gal* ofcommerce,declaring the Slave-trademajority:appreheaosd.properlyno Is danger— ^<StJ^^'^°'*•Treasuryhasreducedit judicial murder.Again, it is theImperative foundindifference. IllsfaithispoliticalatheUm. thisopinion.Thesecertainlyweakenedthepropo- was|97,016againstf90,868samemonthlast bllwoodWalter,£s(i.,SecretaryBoardoflfad(fS^JS^f!*^!!'^ tan.7M^,«BtbeJiSiriaofW.OOO.OOO,pro-bad deck* swept and cargo abifted.'By tlT*""" y'••^••tsaiportlanofcares, Slavery is juat as goodas Freedom, and Free- specieslegislationbecoming>il1i?r •••«jTMt*«««ltortalGovernment In Dakotah and Kansas.to the Territories are very generally those who do not bold to that belief, aiul consequentlyAi>oeitiaa,Q«oaaaaa' Itb. 1, Am. bark Hagdahma, New- Yprkisixtydays'noticeial eompetlUoB, as mtarofaIn the West ssesa State which has emerged from the territorial condi- responsihliity, by shifting It from the Legls-38,J,of "^^TMH»«'AOfA«,WABBisoToa, Friday, Feb. iO. Texas, (Dem.,) was appointed aFarweU, do.Ljth,Palautto,IbrGnayatoilCTa^ii..»..b«of tL.cot^^'1 All tbeie are te, suites.gentleman from Texas, (RsAOAjr,) a few weeks ago,gaveall govt>nuneotalauthoilty. The whole Deaaocratlc tenltorlsl policy was thus to be reduced to a sys-tem not of order, but of disorder; not ofwasHe was bound to respect local, as well asEntired at the port, Thrown on Market...IsUnd. M: f<" f^alirorOnclJa.,instructions°^ ^'^' °**'' '° Introduce a bill Territoriea of tbe United States. Tbe emigrants not care how it is answered. For aught he knows or tion at this of••^y* Havy a»d Marine pensions.The War Oepartaent has ordered tbe readveitise-alavebolders feel that theirpropertybe had nevermanahlp, seen, itwastheBr.i3d. kUp „:ijTM*g«^»to-day.iav«abanioo- principle narrowest mastcaak-y*toeqaaUzetalned In thedispateh fromU.Am. bark » likin, Trinidad :27th. AB.bcitOa£" andW—' ^loUaUoBblJi, ablUbrtg toUjiaea,peopletolalare to the Judiciary. Faithless to everyand in so thing doing has incorporated the save personal ambition, it had taught all parties thatMth, Am. shlas. _large aieans olHOUSE OF EEPaE&ENTATIVES.sinceAntl-SIavery clause Into 1 Is ConsUtutiQn,transport^ion.tion17B&,^In^ence members of the New-York Legislature aa Buaito 9ih. ;8teuol MalM to da tnmthe CommUteo on IndianGeorgia.the people ofSlaveryStateswhereingsgenerally steady.Mr. Tbshas, of T«»..»andthecent, while the shares of the of both Company,Thrown OS Market BluaJu.t3,t33,29S 2^,iMJn^^_ A ship WAlchai rived at Yalpara'W DOO;*,'•m><B>VMaine, (Sep.,) ofTered .Ml of 811k... 880 MtofFlax... 473 167,101 MiseellaB'a..l.M» 1Bslvlns Islands Nov. 4. Paita—Jan. L ofland on,Ast.noUce that he wIU Intro-Is Insecure when removedfromtbeStates. TheysaythattheConsti- tution guarantees their property and rights, and If that be so, then to refuse a remedy for a vlol^on ofrangeForeign Exciianges,which partiesmust receive gen- poabolish Slavery, and every*bickii«^.a.iu,«..'t.;.pT:r,„',«'^^-'^^^»l«a«s eojdes ofall aaoumaieations which h.?..""^ law, but of I'iironic anarchyto 71JUe1,877 $n«,»i»3jflfaiiVfiitJseeivad from-— ou*bility, Imt of r^^volntion. Such were the fuadamental gers iroro our land. But the man who inforward fewer sellers than are sometimesCVSa OAKAPA,] _Jrritcd from Nrte- rort-Sir Robert F««l, HMa»3tke Btlttsli aoTammant andTstalIMal HateT»d...$2.glM«« Total,the subject ot tbe Aftlean,jin•T, 18se, »i,dprinciples of th..^ Democratic Party, and such their legitimate resulte.- He would meet them in their very^cent, inthe»^J««* of <l>e na*«.iiBds.(divergence dcce;1225?Ifcm^UJ rfMr. Mo»ss.tbo Conialttae on Com.to«2Jjre.«aacted inquire into tlM aipedlencyBock Island rose#>jiHaiBat By law alloejct P^"'^•JK°*?K"^f. blUlBvttfii,atThamisDotby eonrae downward the .leplslattoB,In morals and backward la eMUntioa to adopt that aor laws rapogalzlng the InsmalkarS BUvan. He in Delaware and Hb^mb or Penaijiyaijk CoaL iMsBAIthewoald elect a oonaervaliTe Kxeaattra sad iudleiBlterrltasyMr. SSASAi explsiaad his viewe,and advices the byTbe Committee rose.A memorial from Mr. BiAta, of Missouri, coateat- iag Mr. BAxaxn'B seat was presented, and referred•**>-:*Sjapathy with tke Oaase of Italy. CALL rom A FUBLIO lOKTIIIO.cent, and where large sums could be placed at S^^^t^^tla^l^i^itll^S? 512^W. C.CHARLES BDTLER,W. ALLEN BUTLER,JOHN A. DIX.THEODORE DWIGHT, GEORGE POTTS,DATID D. FIELD,aCalifornia steamer to-day4.r00N. estate ts...toodo....,b3ebit 15it1.000 Mich. Sd.S.F.Bs 66 1,000 Micb.So.2d M.Bi. 34 20 Hanover Bask 8877 do 160 doSt Pacific M. S. Co..6 Del. ii H, Canal Co )>3)tbard b Co.$8,000 ». S. 6s, '«S13,000 Mlsaosri Bt6s.. 80^ 360ni< b30 nvBoard,forotherCallbiraia, ' da Ktb nit, consisned to North Atlantic Staams'adopted by Howthe protection of property in slaves in tbe for statesmen. But he returns to answer. He does public at large, and already the popular dissatisfac- Thp following has been sent to us by tbe Varelga Pans.'i" Slave-trade. ,i„ethe of all bis faculties Into possescton goesa Slater State to rescue bondmen, and persists Inbroughtfound on the torn of i'Sidirection, andjtbe whole registered business is onlyAmericas Tfusl* uogingbotthatBKMMTjtut COB|r*M*e«Uexcludeaw)Gale- lacnateaTertunwetiilaitHi^ aSUJi.Loi4'lBn#perand•iiL^TSr Pr.ytr Meet***territory; &$S'°'.'".i, Cln^naUis.OhM. A. ds. frost Aastrabahith- security against the Institution, Is today, according to these esposltlons oftbeConstitutionasmuchaSlaveStateasSouthother The followinggd;;pee.38.Am.talps George Rayaea,;Stataa Daahaway. do. ; Fair Wtod. d«.erto upon that clause as sulEclentthat or anythe imports of foreign Dry Qooda at Kew-ToikWalter liBl aJem;i.Pe3t,nCvblaan.,CAb.iochas:soidho.spta*r.korcheOrsoWama».~^Not from Inherent right, not from any^Enteredat the port.,., $1,439,318•UAw.barkBugh BlrHri«i.^Col>u».the only answer when he said the power was ato aid In thecents, of the Michigan Central rose to 95JW'lUam Pw . .ffltb. Am. bwa;not of peace and sta- time and to remove forenoon |®j cent Tliia decided rise own good way, the dan- yesterday8,110 BJMcopies ofItbeBritiah aad the Daltwi States Gocem- beginning, for it howeveropposite After the Second Board, some bnsi.^quotation stood Wi^i 4? cent The demaod forall thecorrespondencebis purp*we to tbe sacrifice of life, however just bis w.u^therehefoundthestartingpoint motives,howeverloftybiscourage,andMnfcet«d..$2;tw;g af BaUaMre.*relyingsubjecto< his is1,300 shares. ness was done atCaaaaereaIt la to affectcoming generationsIs aquestionisdom no t)etler than Siaverv. A position worse In mistaltable. The California arrival tills forenoon,and Central Boadmorals, or more opposed to ttie first elements of statesthe continued lowof theCoaxxcnos.—The agent Pennsylvania Rail-ustostatethattheroad Company requests reporttar ;brisAmosM. New-York. 8ld_ Jrment of all fur the shuffling eipediency. It was a;Iboaas; zeib, a. slooo-of war Preble, Taia'position eiactiy swindling politicians and lying demagogues, and proceeded from a sourceton inpassingDeficiencybill so ;tMhua.t. — agoe^nt—sof thatanyJadaptedto tbe wante oftuhiec «e.fufse.cbt.Comp 1<B,a«ltlNi^avoircet^T«iaB .IL>»ecv»a»<-ta«;i 2Bir. bark BStrviv3ofsatofyrapoaalsfbr the transportaUon of Amy sup- those rights is but a hollow mockery. And the same where unscrupulous ambition, tmblusb'jig incon- meets no drawback from tbe want of present con- without foundaUon. There are no such penons coo- *tbsagecBD»A Feb. 1, Am. brig Ortolaa., TrtliPUSSSB tbe lontea to andthroughout New-Mexico,wouldreasoning apply against the capacity of tbesistencies and brazen assurance weretbe chief cbar-In State Stocks the de- Virginiasnected with, or employed by, tbe Pennsylvania Rall- load, as Messrs. Hast, Robi»sos and Joasso!)^; ner hss;arr. Peravlaa sebr. nanacteristics. Thispartywasnow toevade seekingfidence in Money affairs.mand continues good for Tennessees,vAXLAo—Di-c. ds.trom New- YorkVddtet, 40 da.It cannot be trusted beyond the circle of its own in- terests. It was destined to be crushed out, as it ought to be, between parties which are thoroughly In cainest, and animated by convictions of right andtopyesterday, closing80J against81j 'duty. His own princlpleawould tbeforbid aU Inte-.affirmed that property In man Chrlstlan-l.'ka demeanor, guilty of murder, andandnot asd cannot e:>Ust as a natural right. It filled•dmwithmorUficatlon U> be compaUedratthisenligU.(Jay and in this Ch/Urtian Republic, to go back should not be executed. He did notto 83printed.ened•wilsiBonsliaie the primary UuttsofiBOtaUtytanee with which the law vistte thatcrime believetts Baad w& ba st^s OTroortt. i'^^SZ;icast.,partyConstitution,forthis30th. Am. vessel, at lb.- MalWn*bis rights, and sondemnod anywith It.FederalInterfere by stealth andcent, of the recent recovery, and closing $14 60.7,416,740The following is the summary for the week daaSuea; istb. Am. ••iK»'''l;i«attemptrevoli5tlonary one against all constltotion, all laws, escipe of slaves by the underground railroad or of Micliigan Southern, sympatliized with New-lor Lordon— IrSHavanafur Valp.rAlao, repjlrotherwise, as a violation of Constitutional obliga- tions. There was nothing tocompare with the mani- fold horrors of a servile insurrection, and for that; 3ist Am.shiporen the wife of bis bosom orno one, not the childol bis age, <an demand that tie stern sen-cent. andaftertlienotduty to Interfere^ ^ The 818,314,678 J»*lj£g18,131^ barbDeSmark.fromLiverpoolcent., maJdng the whole rise since refular reason he prayed God in his mercy and In his up ^648,132tbe480 sperm.eryear,,,,,,UnttitleadDrocusmenTSBCrtes,88 700 Reading B.., beo 88k 100 do.b<0do 93 100 do 1,000 N.Y.Cen. Bs.'76 100)4 100 do 3,00OBrieR.4ChH.Bs 49k 300 do7.000N.y.Cen.es..Wi certainlywithout S30 16thebeliefthatAl-the Stock and the Exchange to-day,i...100 60b3067Jjthemission to the brokers on the business transacted Sturgea. Clearman byviews, but the Influence of that section was compara- Union. Northern men would carry with them into M.S.r.Cvt Bi.. MX 100 Selena ft Chi. R.... t77( tend said Board—and that no member of the same SANDY HOOK, Feb. It, tanaet.-No lavai«.bsoCrights of any freeman of the North. But tiiat 1,000 40 6« 100 Mich. So. k N. I. R. iit Stock Exchange Brokers' Board shall be In a publicTkis is one of the most laborious and ently refer, which did not concur In all those expan- 60 U.S.k N.I e.8. .B60 I4Kresponsible of sion was sought under the flag and Government of tbe lM0U.C.R.81)et.Ut manner, and that any person shall be at liberty te at-TelecraM. composed generally tively small. The Executive department of Govern- new States no system to which any man North or 160Caaton Co bSO 17 to do.. b30 68 shall buy or sell any Stocks, Bonds or other securities vesaela In aight Wind a gate. N. W.mar- ket ruled firm. Among the Bailway Bhares, New- York Central felt the influence of the proceedings in the State Assembly, yesterday, on the Pro Bat-investigationThe CAl^t^in reports~'of themore than qualify the unexpected delay at Washing-BobetU. Aribc-lla.Ntw-Yorkthe PostK>fiicethat the gradual improvement of the Stock markettelegraphic—Albany, w-e-«r.e«.I.n..A.I.' -and Misaouris. The latterrate ofopeneda fraction under that Company, directlyorIndirectly, attemptedto« boaa MtUwaraa; Ji; Juliet, itdt. tr<m^^mr-<,-thecent. There was further inquiry for Brooklyn City Water bixes at 101, and for New-York Central sixesat92%>cent. InRailwayBondstheoffer-b'l'JJi*- fi>rtbe09P'tweek and since Jan. 1AStUt, in pUce any State acquire power to abolish Slavery within it exists, because that would bo violative MiclugBn Southern Sinking Funds sold at 55J®56 For Ihe Wed:. lass. Mga. IMSw ^dea. 81d., Dec. ai.Am, >hioiQ')eirfn4eooe,C(Carolina orFor where 4idIn:1,162,761, .. $t,9ie,9M|(17,700 839 $I7,64Uat'ference withof tbe Ccnstitutlon. The Abolitionists proper warredtheir borders t<'»'«'."~»PP<'»«t«d a ct of Congress, aot from tbe Constitution of the Uni- Very reason. He was not responsible for Slavery lu classes, were lower, the preference stock, losing 1tuponupouJiBrt Caliaohisvehemently denied. The the Stales, and hence Itscbr Crimei.Coronet, ,were limited, and the bidsfor tfas,^ $3,414,072 $2,3ltJH »th, AYork Centr^.. 1,497 $739,769$38,907$njtf* sslrdamagea«S 41^ 3M4e^ y Beading71} cent sales,conUnnM(39^38i ^list theExports.r.TTTrrr.'.'^'' "ili&rwoDid ptedin theyearly Dividend ef 8ifree aegnes;as far aaFordays, was Wd at the dose.SAMUEL WINFIELD SCOTT,OSGOOD,:reduced in due course.eignty, not of the Federal Constitution ; tbe protec- ald, and number one of the series is the first publica- The money market has been rather quiet during svsry Meadar sad Tbaisday, at « A. M.tion of the is not personTbe Constitution nowheretioneverIssuedintbeNorthofChina,andbesidesk)e-Congress. a In its or de- Ing curiositythefortnightwithatendencyto easefor ties greaterfines property;but whatever the localfMawJ it.word in it could be construed toImply anyW.choice Indorse- estate money Is readily had all's l)i )i cent, and the demand con-The Havana mall (rlight and grope his waythrougb the shadows of doubt--AbM*that"tbePresidenthastakenmuchinterest HousebadcontribtedaUrgesharetowardstblsagi- righteofallmentolibertyanduniversalequality. abovenamedarticles,allofwhicharewarranted andsilverliars. ThebulkoftheMexicanDollarsare EtnaJaa.KUverpocL... Feb. 1 flsisbiiia.... Feb. 4....UTsrpsa...la Micaae, inrtdvtng, as it does, tbe claim of a for- tation, nor was the manner in which that discussion at to interfere with the personal se- had been conducted by gentlemen on tbe other side l llbezty of so many of our citizens whose calculated to soothe. With a few honorable ex-tIt had been said that the language of the pure and the best quality. A list of prices can be now held at 11 V cent" Baxoniato usor^ epithets Be would not rof Forelpi Afalrs of Denmark in- follow those examples. If he could not preserve tbe ordinary courteslee of life In debate he would hold bis peace; but the Republican members would be neg- of Mr. Sust ttgent of their duty to the true and loya) men whodischargereturn, for, to tke respective countries of which theymay reqntie {Bern toceptions, tbeypassion abusiveBros.b Co. $3,500 2,600 August BelmontbCo 160^)0 9,100 Wm. Meyer 3,330 8,386 Jacob Caben& Co,.. 3,600had suffered reason, and argument.— LonOBOlitbBaucs, Thiaonrivaledsolemn declaration of our ancestors referred only to the white race. But, In hundreds of instances. Sla- very was spoken of by the fathers of the Republic ashad at the office.UDOLPHO WOLFE, ArabiaNo. 22 Beaver-st The following is th« treasure list of the Prince. -Ubert Feb. «....8alvwname to what be as an regarded_ [AdTCTtiMlaenL]A. A. Low b Bros... 6,149 3,600 A 8. BosenbaambCo 30,000Cshavba Esraak.Atlantis srib StarF«b.It....lle«-Ts(k.. Har. 8....«ev-Terk..,veasAUFoaaiA. Feb.Ji....New-Tsrt-.. Fab. 10....New-Tatk...unmeaning formula. In all countries the maasea muat be those who labor with their hands. The theory of0,436baa been as tbenow is, that lor those masses servitude is the normaLl,OrderJ. H. CoghillT. N Ickerson t CoJ. Strauss,Bros.&Co. 61.000 Amer. Ezcb. Bank.. 60,000 J. Heller b Brothers 9.000 P.Kingsof the Democraticeverybody. Books on the Art Skating Lanterns. Shinny-Sticks, Skate-Bags, Straps, Ac, atthe Central Park Skate Emporium.theory andaafecondition. TheParty theory of tbe Reput>-Skates to suittution proved that such was the opinion of the foun-Bradferd, MnTu Oov-ations of Jsrrsxso!), Masiboh, Gsoaoi and Mason,other eminent Southern statesmen at the pe-173 000 31,500 $1,476,636:riod of the formation of the1 iliinstitution of and Slavery,J.U.Lee,contendingBtr. SehsBS'Depanare »t Oeeaia Malls.The Xaro^eaa mails isr ike Cut ef nillaaaii DWfdose oa Satorday, Feb. II, at 1034 A. K.lineage compelledtopar- Bisned bir It sbaaM be seeking accommodation. Receipts of dust from Loois.";the country are fair for the season, and the indebted- autliority ars. Prof Agasstz, Prof. Jewett (for Public Libra- ness of the Interior Is met with commendable punc-TheOverlaadMallsIMhat.Jaaaab treate as property, just so far it is treated as ry,) Dr. Dana, (Academy of Arte and Sciences,) vari- tuality. The demand for money U assuming more villa. vU Salt Laka City, taave 8t. Jsnpfe property by the United States. If ever an instru- ona Salem instliudons. Harvard Ck>Iiege, and numer- of a casual character, and theie Is iu>t that urgency day,at8A.K. I.s«««ss tbsald be saibadpretextTO COUNTRY MERCHANTS. TOLrl'S COOHAO BSASST.woi.n'8 Fuax POET wm.woirz's puai KAnziaA wiiix.wous'a PDsi sBXaxT viin. woLrx's pintx scotch wbiset.woLPX'spcaxlaisBwbiskt. WOLVI'S 8CHIXDA1C BCBSAFP8.from that figure. Banker's Sight Exchange on New-right but ourGold bara for being preferredBremen Ocean Queen CanadaJaa. t,Jan. IT .., Jaa.3»....Ll nnmii....or Bxs-charmingpicture, representingGallery. Ham'b beautiful picture ofj2pVrovcednt, and names and less singletbe Csbncts will elast SB M» A. M.i:A«nnu>MBt,jUliiiig Feb. U....LIvsrsaeI... Feb. U ...Uverpaal... .Feb. 18.... Liverpool.....jauis Fxasslih, the philosopher, and Rooix SBXSJiAjr, No. IS Beekman-street This artiale is superior to the Wm. Heller & Co. . . 13 000 Metropolitan Bank.. 16 000 AastralasUa Fab.«....LIv«yoaL...de- ;.. wile, IMiaas>antidote to diseases of the muscles and nerves. Sold at 80 Maiden-lane, New-York.[AtfTwUKseDt,]JIBS. WUrSLOW'S SOOTHIIta STBUP..D. Hamburger 3,860 Amer. Exch. Bank Wellington & Abbott 3.S00 Amer. Ezch. Bank..W. A.S. Steinb&rt, Richard Watson, George Swain 1greatH, R. O. Eemp.l-airton,V^erplask,J.W,failingBenson,Craig, Saaael Laaurtr. B. T. flaawgalee at tbe Stock Ezehaace—FxB. 10. effect In the opin- tlO.OOe Tenn. es, 'SO.slO 88 100 Har. R., Pref. b30.. 34the regular Exchange Board in shutting off' cer- tain facilities for obtaining early quotationsBteersge.___^^_^ unAnna aulasao—vraa sat.133 b60 132 loom. Cent R.,..e60 6<^^"'19V 80 300Chlc. &R. lit. R.,. 03...33H b«039)i...Stmriaes,.,, 6 H| Bnnieu ... 6 30 BI6H WATxa—mis SAV.general.exceptionMt. of Veolal. That stock opened at TOJ, and sold Mf.ofCotten.l,3t3 6tt,3ICwrrans sl« «r8301534party to the controversy in its present form, andAumttam&BBaoSa;disbursements,;balance this after-PaiiAitXLrau, Friday, Feb. M,todeclar* lOParknank 106V 100 do '.; 6«X touching the single proposal for opening the deal- Ray. Lack, F. TsJbot b Cab8068 160 Chi. k Rock I. R.. S23iay, b3063b«0«3we believe there is aton. J. Smith b Oo. :67!tingsof theExchangeto thewhole public— as on^SebocneraTheSteamship Mount Temoa, Saaitb.aforesaid,par9f»l,a» amiA aoneare less activefor Exchange for Saturday's steamer was ofV„ notquoubly lower prices.a moderate tradenature, an London at lOSf accepted.rangingto hand soto-morrow's engagements tbe Inquiry as yet abowa no indicatlona of being more than ordinarily active. Ap- collateral and prime paper command ftmds atare oSered In tbe street Banker's rates will notbefixed imtll to-morrow, and will likely not mneh varyOKy of BaKiBert. .Feb. U.encouragingShips Realm, Dunn, I'ev-Orleaai,BobsanJkandparty in the regular Board already in favor of giv.ing the reform a fair and early triaLAn act to prevent JictitUnu and /ratiduUnt talet of Stock*, Bonds aad other Secvritiee at tie \ewTorkafternoontlsUVAieih-st..1 icore f. 8. Hth-ilTotB.8.M«b-«t,.llotS.8.ieth-st.,a^ centThe dc„ OOTTOS—SalesNxv-OauAii, Tbaah to-day 9,000 balee, atSince closing our stotemente of atoekathe end of the year, importettena have been on a scale $130 for white. Coas dull.if IB, on Treasure Canada Feb. SI,, by the Pacific steamers are 3H Uaitao Kin«doat...Feb.33..Atlantic : OrderTbos. J. Band & Co. Senard& CoJ.B WeirArago.«laa«ov Feb,'Crocker & WarrenJ. B. Newton t Co.JohoDurandft Co.. 14.23!) Wm.HogetCo 32,500Order 4,000 Wm. Hoge 4 Co 10,000 Capt £.•A. Chap.el. J. Leopold. J.-aidiae C14,036 Kiehard Patrick 34 000 4.9(0 DuncaD.Sher'n&Co.177,602M.Berwln.Loreyio,K. R. Falkner and X-Wells,"• 'T. W. While....,,36,00061,00018,76013,300 BissDowns Scott John Ogden.wlfeaadeidld, P. {un- New-York of the Pennsylvania AspiswAU^-Jan.30,arr.Br. bilg Rirer Bells,representative ;Fnn»isn twrk William, Cardiir, br. nrlg Ueory, p«fil; aiftt, Sardinian brig Ibany, advocating the passagethe pro rata law, iaBr. bark •isisD brig Annettu a. Oieytown.ia aeeraparative etatament of dXa.ro ;:;101b, Welfleel,*«^-r133 " «t,683 ,318 .A8I8 $2,180,480 I.ttT. .,,.._^_,_ n,^. whaWbaniMWBlwww.Vcm-Or/eon*— a»«nua« Arrived /rvrx AnUoch,R. jAcobs. Bout.t«ineer And Tro»ls.a« Llverpj"- Armiedjrom ilot,tU—H. 8. My. at Uvorpool^ Ml«a390 K,]M 130Kit Oaraaa LlvsrpooJ.pot in for water. All lb assMem —The iSagle Bpsed,oftheweak.£.';i.s5srs:*"!?.?r''*'^.'r.':i^l aalCkarebaOaaktaiaih-is;FargoThe outside of the Ante- ley, Dyck.Mrt. Garden and TM—.I 6,000;!'?h.orc^k —n^k"lM•a^" eaiBC.The Orsrlaad Mall Iw OalUbrala laavw •!.Am. bark E. Foster, TriuldadFeb, T....HaTTSLathrop, "otenbei Mias K. MSamuel Ratenberg, Fiiiiai" Mrs.Maria Wagner. J. V. Currr. Otevingun ana wife, J. MoCaUoeh, ~J.lra«aer7MnI^Gov. UUod.ll 40|.. HIW-YOBK .nLW^T,.Carlton, Acapnlco, H.G.Brookaaab Co.Co.lD. highly respectable McCready. Mott b Co.<ili?253 rin',w74:0b'Da^teast,r S'ri"sCoas dall, sad «ge.«rOe. farMmarket 78c. Paevmosfactive. MessPirsi.tlflM»$TlMMISS PoBX quiet at Laui firm. — |18. ¥i^dEalready supplied with Wsatera Man«idUsXslli«ad.,tSi . . .6....Bf,Liv«r»e4....MaawJi Tti —BTW.MS- lebDdiM, 8.8. WhItaMa, OamaD Bead, tlat!l5_MSBrewater.W. A. OrilBn, Bolaod, Greaads, J. V.Mab-brigs. WIND—During the day N. W. and firtsb.brig Sam Boyd, r sfw'sron'iLt^cs.'^'^^''*^**'--YorkFeb. 10.—lbs atasiaably Al_.tbsObinchas.vairASAiio—Dee. M, arr. Am. sctr Crimea..- . .---»;:1. sbiaaad SaHa Mec«Hfc Mev-HeadMJy. Ufm-• forBostoo.baaJ» "i)I—hM—n•Its_ _K-_» g';.*.. »; ^fi^^..^A.^s.www.fultonhistory.com—^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069iF-i-^ 