 FKOM EUEOPE.The steamer New-York, from Southampton on, theplace, and that nr Power had ever mad* v y proposl not equally belplees with regard to (the ether parts oftionft or d maodsinvolving the cession of v «mjsls thoh Italv, which, aitboogh risen to liberty, feel-the want ;and the entire royal pa»ty now visaing Germany! •'••'FRANCE. • .trieBavariaarrivedatCoweson.the29thnit.and even the Red Republican party, against the Gov- ernment of Napoleon.P A R I S , Saturday evening —The Palric says: The vanguard of the Sardinian army U at Tivoli, six kilo- n.brr£d from Rome*The ?ane jrumsl eaysthat the Neapolitan Royalists h a t e ie:aken Pieohnonte and are masters of Y olsarno-PKRL-GIA, Sept. 30.—The whole population of S&bira find Lacio ba-ve risen to the cry of *' Emanuel forever." The Chas^urs of the Tiber have defeatedlative and administrative muxicipalism of Piedmont. Let Piedmont become Italian, as Sicily and Naples have done; but let not Italy become Piedmontese.. We will unite ourselves to the other parts of Italy, and they sbail unite with us, so as with equality and dignity to make Italy One. Let not, then, the codes and the laws which are" at present peculiar to Piedmont be imposed dh us ! Populations who, by the shedding of their own blood, cause an iceato triumph are not like those who are conquered; and they have the right to give them- selves codes and laws. When Italy shall be one, Sicily, Naples, Rome, Tuscany, LombarcTy, Venice, and Pied- mont must with perfect equality cooperate in drawing up the political and. civil code of Italy. Thus ttinka —or at least, ought'to think—every man who is Italian for the sake of Italy." '.SARDINIAN POLICY.The Message read to the Sardinian Chambers on Tuesday by Count Cavour commenced by saying that the support cf the Chambers had enabled the Govern- ment to undertake great enterprises:" Tbe military preparations, pursued with activity, 'notwitb&t*ndingtbe great outlay tbey bring with them, contributed to cause the principle of non-intervention 10 l* respected in Italy—a principle solemnly pro- claimed by the Emperor Napoleon at Villafranca, and held np by the British Government, as suiting at the same time our rights and the true interests of Europe." These military preparations at the same time placed criminations, perplexed by"political difficulties which cee», Grant, New-York; Sept. 21, schr, Sutherehild, Balti- ouore. ,Hainpthiie, Hampden, Berkshire, and Bristol Counties; the siath division^ the delegations sent from MiddJeser and Estex Counties; the seventh division, the Repub- lican Clubs, Associations, and citizens not in uniform, bearing torch*6'; aud the eighth division, comprisingmounted Wide-Awakes, and others.fihode Island, the State which the Democracy haveconfidently claim«-d. sure for Douglas, sent a noble delegation of one thousand nrfn from various parts of the State. The " Conservative Wide Awakes," who, before tbeir organization for Lincoln, supported Sprague for Governor, were present in r*d capes and red. caps, bearing a beautiful banner, and having Green's famous. American band. The "Lincoln Wide-A wakes" oft h e PcntiScial Gendarmea, and have hoisted flag on tbe leit side of tbe TiberGen Brignon'scolnnm is advancing.the Italian£5,400 annually- The service commenced Oct. 5, andthe da'e of departure from Kingston will continue tobe the 5lh of each month, whits that from . New-York Providence were in full strength, numbering 300Tbe Ni-apolitan population of the frontiers are implor- ing the protection of EmanueLThe King held a military review to-day at Bologna. His Majesty will leave to-morrow for the other parts of the Romagna.Great irritation prevails at Rome.iRizstz, Sept. 30 —The reason assigned- for the or^ der to eatinguiih the l'gh«s on the Vene :an coast i* that Garibardian agents secretly entered the lagunes at nighfin order to take soundiogs.will be Oct. 22, and subsequent-y Nov. 22, Dec. 20, aDd the 20ch of each succeeding montb;The echconer Chamois, from Kingston for Inagua, was wrecked on the east, end of Jamaica, on Sept. 26, and all hands, except, one, drowned.•~i—nrrwirg cf «he lands, could not.after the sate, be irate tbeof Italian soiL Court Cavour further s**^ W"** the • of immediate efficient provisions. . '3d inst., arrrved at this port yesterday morning. Our fact that the news concerning a treaty for tbv"* cwsion ;.;\if By moderation and concord, by firmaeps, t h e' Tie .Cologne Gazette states that, in cofiflequence cftbe Erg^ish steanwr Scylla. returned from anuiterview wish to be joined to our State or not, and no condi- the important point was probably settled that Rome Peter respected; this '-patiimooy,' properly so called, on the neatral ground with the general commanding tional vote shaU be admitted; f ^r it is indeed our deter- should fcrm the capital of the future Italian king-THE GREAT-WIDE-AWAKE STRATION IN BOSTON.the royal forces in the citadel mination not to impose the^act of annexation upon any " The General excused bis firing on tbe city by al- part of Italy, but we must with equal frankness declarePRESENCE OF HANNIBAL HAMLIN, SUMNER, tmento.I A brief speech was made-by Mr. Henry Bwhard,us in a nosition rapidly to free the Marches and umbria he did not comprehend, the Dictator wrote to Victor Sailed Sept. 21, H?,hrs. Firefly. Savanna la Mar; Sopt. 23, Prie- TrRi.f, Get !.—•Vhtor Emanuel will pass the night from the iron yoke of foreign hirelings, without too Emanuel: ''Come; I shall place authority in your oillo, Crowtber. St. Jago de Cuba; Oct. 6, ship Joha M. Wood,at Fo:"b, and win leave to morrow for Ravenna,where dangerously abatdoning the defense of our own fron- hands." hewillembarkforAneona. The"coodi<ioasoftheca- tierH."Mack, New-OrJcuu8;.brig Toraado, MoCart-y,,Ko\v Sforfc. • '„pitulHtiv: of Aneona are not yet known at Tarin. T h e Sardinians found 140 cannons and 700,000 francs rn the fertras.Lettkis frcm Naples to the 27w ult. state that the new Mu-istry formed bj» Garibaldi comprises Signori B«anco Guira and FerrioniThe ^epntation from Sicily haw arrived at Tarin.P ARIS, Monday Ev«niog—The P.utric announces that farther armaments have been ordered at tha Aus- trian por<s in the Adriatic.T t e .-ame paper says it is said that Emanuel, after having visited Aneona, wiD proceed toward the Nea>o- lw.f>n frontier/ ,Tbe results of these missions and preparations are thus stated:THE STATE OF ROME.A letter from Rome, dated Stspt. 27, says:LAND SALES INMINNESO-TA.Tee fray* publishes the same news and adds: •' Itie also s*id that three Sardioian divisions are about to forget their cause, but wc think we can best serve itMattencci, who declared he could not keep order at Rome without gendarinf s. Some of the officer's have tendered their resignations, and tho men are dissat- isfied. •.-••-*.Some millions of franco are expected from Spain. The-Papal exchequer is empty, aud he must depend upen tbe faithful. ..•.'-'•:"•jroute. Thousands of people w i ' n e s ^ the demonstra-tion, thousands participated actively in it, and hua- who takes bis departnre for Liberia on the l8tih Lost., dr%da followed them from street to street ana square to expresjedbisrojal satisfaction. , ' . square, but th*-re WAS no riotous interruption of theentar the Kingdom of N 'pies.Ro>:>' Sept. ;29.—Gtn. Goyon has hoisted the Frenchfoe adistanceoffivemilesfromRome.•Tbe provinces of Trobria, Viterbo, and the Marchesare lost to the Papal Government.The ruvoluti >n ia at tlie very gates' of Rome. ThePope will not leave the city.CA."*KTA. Sept. 29.—Garibaldi ha3 fortified St. An-gdo and Siuita.Maria. # Tt'*iN, Oct. 2—The reported entry of Sardiniantroepe into the Kingdom of Naples is untrue.• MAK^ILLXS, Oct. X—The citadel of Messina re- opened fire npon tire city on the 24th inst., it was esid,to secure provisions.The Military Gazette of Toxin, which is semi-cfhcial, says: *• We are assured that, to pat an end to ml dxmcuitws, tbe King will present himself at Naples, ax^d nake his entrance there in a few days."BiKUN, Oct. 2.—The Spanish Government has ad- dressed to tbe ditl'erent Powers a note supporting the pretest issued by the King of Naples when retiring to Ga*ta.•AxcoxA, Oct. 4. ISM. The following order of the day of his Majesty the"Ka-ud Sardinhi has Uen beued: . ;*«Sviciere! I am sat'tiied with you because yoo arewcrthj of I»alj« By arms jon have vanquished your er.en? ee and by condoct the calamniator:8 of the Italian "•** Tbe mercenaries wMom T.sat free will speak of Italy and of vou in foreign countries, alter having learnt ttat Gt'd recompenses those who serve him, ani not C-c^e who oppress peoples and despisa therghtsof•• V e m n s t ertabli.h a strong-Italian monarchy en thelilcny of people*, who will tains wifli order and con-ccr< The n^tlcnaJ army w?U increase more and moreS e glotv wMcfa since c $ r t centuries has shone on the fill nwriibor to conquor our treedom aud lnaepeua-and m view of the circumstances of this case, snd to mvike known to such nei-sons definitely and clearly what their rigbts are and maybe, b<-fore andaftwthe pcblic ofl'ering of the hinds, the Secretary, on the 4th met., addressed a letter to the Commissioner of theam waiting now while th* grand pageant is slowly working toward the place of separation, and I amabw to say ihat the demons ration has been as successfuli and satisfactory to the Republicans as it has been bril- liant in appearance, and worthy of the great events itPKNNSYi.vANiA.r-^Tbe vote in the Seventh Congres Bienal Distiict is oihcially declared to be as follows:• ° ^ % ^ Z 7 l tafethe command. It would costrne toor^'notto be feremCEt wherever there maybethundering np/the other had begun to gather way, and thsjerash was just barely eecnped, : '•regular 6ntry of th» land' by othsr parties; and under th» a* declaTUtory notie«te',the eettiors would have the beni fit cf the twelve months! credit allowed by law for pay icg for lands that have thus'become snbject to pri-Mr. R. 21. POEU was then introduced, and made a tolhr-g speech, contrasting the Democracy of old with t t e T>'<jmocra< y of to-day; the d's«dvahtagesof elive la-. bor in competwion with the white man. F*ee Home a for.Vlio* ihat there e x i ^ d Uv public C^suaM t or p iva,teS T w U R , » t HO, mW a s h i a a A o n - t w e t vThe situation is becoming daily more serious. The " Italy is a-most free. The only painful exception is revolution is at Mcnterofci, in the Ca'marca, 2.0 milesThe most wealthy and influential citizens illuminated he paid and left. . . . •'Venetia. What our thoughts are with respect to this noblest of ail the Provinces of tbe Peninsula is well known to the Chamber; acd that thought has been clearly developed' in a diplomatic document lately pub- lished. We think that war should not be waged airaimt Auetria, against the almost unanimous will of the European Power*. Such an improvident enter- prise would raise against usa formidable coalition, and fndaiger not only Italy, but the cause of freedom throughout the European continent. Sach a rash at- tempt would plaf-e us in hostility with those Powers which do not acknowledge the principles we uphold, aid would deprive us of the sympathy of those btates which grouuo tiieir policy on liberal principles."•' W e view i/aily, and ce:.taiuly not with indiffer- ence, the sorrows of the Venetian people; we do notonly from Rome, on the road to Viterbo..We understand that numerous and urgent applica-by constituting a stron? Italy. For we hold firmly that no sooner thall w*-. have obtained this object, the general opinion of nations and Cabinets, which is new opposed to a venturous enterpriw, will show itself favorable to that onlv solution of the Italian question, which w'll forever close the era of wars aod revblu-' tions in the S^uth of Europe. \" We are equally convinced that supreme reasons layupon us tbe obligation of respecting the city where the Supreme Pontiff has his See. Tne question of Rome is no' e of thc.-e which can !>e solved by the sword alone. It meets on i?*way nior*l obstacles only to beover-'comoby moral forces; tnd.w© are fully contident that, toontr or later, those forces will bring into the gates of that gtoridus metropolis a change consistent w i n the wis .es of its pfr^pic, with the aspirations of all good Italians, with tbe tine principles and the lasting mter- e*t« of Ca'holhisrr^ . ." I& is a wise and patriotic counsel to. await so salu- iarv^ can.xg* from the work of time, ^and from the. foeat and Tncalniiabl* iniluence which regenerated Italv w;ll exercise on the opboions and judgments of theCatholicworld. Butevenwereourthoughtserro- neous the presence of the French troops.in Rome on -ht'alone to make us desist from any design, how- ever remote, to stand sword in hand before-that city." in onr present circumstances, to confront those Fran b troops would be not merely unbeard-of folly; it would be a grievous fault and guilt. There are gea- %7m IollL, °wl.ich Uthough t W entail enormous S S c V s and .oflVrh.ga, do not bring with. them the An ofanation;buttneharuh, j J ^ S J ^ J f g Jtalv from auv itt«ntion to combat the armies o t YtScs r S o monstrous an iogratitude would mfltct on the hr^w of our country a stain which long centuries of^ ^ a t o ^ S S o ^ p t o d ^ ^ when other goidiers of l h # naaon, led byilicii- generous Emperor,cla'ms in ibe time prescribed by the act of Ssptembsr,1841, grsntingpreemption rights. With the difficultiesar.d disadvantages ander which such psrsons are strug-ttiingthe Land Department has a strong sympathy; grand harmony of spirit -which seemed to prevaiL I^ ^ oetb-r incompatible with the true mterests Of Itily, weneer of the other undertook to reverse' his engine, andlands, in tuch a ca»e, be sold a»d pcid for regularly at the sale by othfr^ parties, tiie pi'^mptors would lose tieirolfliniH. This result would ha inevitable: But ebculd their lands be publiciy b'dcred, and not sold, I think it, will be proper td receive the declaratory notacest of settlers, after the public O'ifsring of the lands, andRe*. Ivcd, That we benjily and theerfnlly indorse the nomina-tion of Joseph A. Gurdmer, our caauidate tor Assembly, believ-ing that ho I)"* earned the honr>r thun conferred on htm by bisdevotionandservice*totheRepublicanranss. Wepledgepnr-XftlvcH to use all honorable means to secure his election oti ther»p««entattve of the First Assembly nistriot in 'the Legislatureof'.neS-aie bei«j5 confident that he wiilalway* bo foujd WideAvwkc t<t the interobts of his constituents in any and overy posi- nue C and Fourteenth street. No ^damage <» «OM** tion in which ho mny ho placed. . .io^htforu.aiMagtntaandSolferino.^ ^ , ^, ,.,. ... that city was% W eso, lie deteimined.to try once mote. For iunalelytlus"If tlUhieiILr p;i(elfee;Di ce in r incompatible withlefwedto work,!.must jumpforpeti.^ in^mp »dot our power cm^bTneitnertoasknor.toaccep^ »feoend.FIREINAVRNUKC.-At8o'tloc'Jclastevening:,ttj a^arm in the Fifth District was c4u*ed by the w u j « J of some mbbieh in C*dken'e fiWiderv, <W*J{J£~!bands ot to many Italians, would be a, deed whicha sectarin sn»rit. '"•..•• ' • ; ' ." ];ut H we ar« not lor tho present in *v condjUon to.MBU• '' " '.'-' ^.'' V '." ...,•.-... "-;%;;-_.:.• ; . v . .••-'•;;;.-'«(*• v.'m •wet] m & -v-r;W' mm»t-..•-••tresigr; that no'convsatioci or negotiav^o^^ taken I exert onrseivefl in bebaljf of Venire and Rome, we are I Pibce Albert; hsrdanshter, A^«»; Lord John &JiW*VI"an proopdofanyclaimofpreemption,fortheyvrocki cnritaJwxech;andwnsfoUorvedwithasongbvUmd»same set'l«r aifarexplain its double oricin. liberal principles and institutions. . at sure her that the Pope shall not be diequie'ed, and wMch p r liibi's only the filing of " a second declara- Sixty-nhith street. The company tamed out seventy£TteAmericaarrivedatLiverpoolonthe1stinst. TUEBOMBARDMENTOFBIESSINA. IuflJattersmustproceedinthesamemannerinSonth-that,ifneedbe,HisMajestyhimselfwillprotectHistionforanothertrsct,"andnotthefilingofasecondf —The Nineteenth Ward Crenaan Lipcola and Haj«rfilca by tbe Arabia also reached the city last night, and cf Saidmia, of which th«* journ'alj hid spokev.^> was p«* pie of Tu6csnj and ^Emilia ended by persuadujg*r»givebelowdetailsofthenewsbroughtbybothof shzulaneonslysentfromViennaandPalermoto.Lord oipjpmacythattheItaliansarecapableorconstructing thePriice*sClouldehavingexpressedreligioussera-, actof1841,asabovequoted,'afid&clearlyisnotin ther/<thiost,atI*andman'sPark,Thirdaretmoao* three steamers, not already received by telegraph. John Ru»8»llt was snfiicient to show its falsity, anv.'^ to avast kingdom, bawd land organized npon broadly pies at what is taking place, her father has written to Jrfblted bv tbe 4<h section of the act of Karoh .3 1844,AnofficialletterfromMeseina,dat^dthe24thof 'ernItaly. Woetousifthosepeoplewerelongtocon Holinessbg&ii<stanyaggression.September, says: th-nhtie the uncertainty of a provisional rule. Disturb- THE POPE AND THE EMPEROR NAPOLUON.arjcO and anarchy, which would soon break np, would The Paris correepondent of The Times, writing ca " I asserted in. my last that there was no security be tht> cause of immense evils and imm-nse dbgrace to Thursday, eays:bombardment of yesterday. The arrival of a Frenoh with narvelous regularity, would lead to extreme tbe Lobe of G<-ammoDt and Gen. de Goyon are recom- xeenforcingthe corps of occnpaionat Rome by eend steamer from Gacta, conveying information to the cit- dangtrs, as well to the lately enfranchised provinces mended, cr "invited," to off*i no obstacle, moral or 3ng a dHidon of infantry, two squadrons of cavalry, adel of Garibaldi's 'defeats' before Capua is supposed asito those which ha *e been for more than one year materia', to the retirement of the Holy Father, should aad a ba tery of artillery. to have incited this renewal of hoBtOittos. Tne affair free and independent, This must not be—this cannot it be so decided in Consistory. They will doubtless becommenced with a fight between the advanced guard, beiallowed by the King orthe Parliament. at liberty, .to exhibit as much regret as they please; . The Sardinian Government has been informed that which continued from 3ij p.m until 4, when the cita- " Tbe generous sovereign who is hailed by the whole to offer their condolence, and even, i f they "can, to C&ii. G.-vontaa received instruction* authorizing him del opened a fire of prape and round shot. I am un- of: Italy as the mover and ieader of the national resur- shed t6ars; bat restraint of any kind they must notdeclarationforthosametract." I'beje views you will please communicate immedi-strong. Thefiringwasmostoxtraordfeary;itfar snrpawed wlnJt usually tak*s place at target excur- sions. In the three shots made by each person, 27 per- sons hit the target every time. The first 123beet ttee»ately to *he Land Officers m Minnesota." PA2U*,Sept.30.—ThsMoniteurcontainsthefollow-boresolongasthecitadelwasinthepossessionofthe•thecont.moncountry.Thegrea;nationalmovement,TheirstiuctionssfntthroughM:deCadoretoRome SNOW-STORMINNORTHERNshotsaidnotany'of,themexceed*anaverageofthir-ITALIAN AFFAIRS.ing: The Emperor baa U«Kidea up«>n immediately Royal troops, and this opinion was confirmed by the breaking 6*omnhe path which it h^s hitherto followed wil; probably soon receive their fol Gllment. It ap pears HEAVY teen inches from the buD's eye. There were veryDear •*—.• Eigit inchee of snow on the ground this hall with oii-repeeted and deafening cheers, to exter d hie action eo far a* the military conditions to able to learn the number killed, although it could not employ. Restraint would be an act of which the morning}I bave been serious; it is asserted that the Neapolitans rection has special duties toward the South of Italy. pious Court tbey represent is utterly incapable They While you in New •York sere grumbling at the keen EEPCBJUCAN MEETiNGs.—There were interesting.-wbiwjitisnaturallysubordinatewillpermi*;turn.Itjlostonlyfour,andtheSiciliansnotmere.Icis1pos-Theworko.femancipationbeganinhisname;roundmaycflertbeprotectionofasoifioientescorttathelimitswintryarr,andthecloudsofdustwickedupfromtbeandlargely-attendedmeetingslastnightoftheBep«A-" only appertains to the Great Powers aaseinbled in Con- sible that tbe bombsrdm»nt «ns to prevent a. regiment his glorious standard the freed people crowded and of the Pontifirial territory; and by this time those limits streets by an unseen hABdand'feorlea into your faces, lican Associations cf the Twentieth and Serefiteeislligress to pronounce once for all on the questions which of Sicilisn8'from going on to Naples, as they were em- preesed. Before Europej before posterity, he i s are very narrow indeed. There they will probably we, up in tie mountain*, look ou&upon a picture serene Wards, and also of the Espublican Central Campaigni»veariseninItalyoutcfhveevents;butuntilthen,barkingforthatcitywhentheaft'aircommenced;itanjsw6rableforthei'fate. drophim,andth*nPioNonohasalltheworldbe-PSholiness,Amantleofpurestwhite,wovefromthedid not, however, detrr them from leaving. Daring " King Victor Emanuel does not intend to dispose at fore him. Seeing that the ground which has now a clouds has been thrown over the earth while we slept. Club at No. 722 Broadway. Speeches, singing, a*dthst Government of the Emperor, in conformity wfth tbe disturbance a sad accident happened to a Sicilian his own pleasure of the people of Southern Italy; but tide to be called ** Pontifical territory" i s rapidlv No drifting—it must have faller? as gently as the enthutiaem prevailed to an unlimited extent.the mission which It has impoeed on itself, will con- officer. His horse fell, and crushed him very danger- be is in duty bound to give them an opportunity of ^diminishing, it ia a matter of surprise why the French dreams of our bares- " • YOUNG MEW'S KErtrBT.iCArr CxirrRAt. CosnrrrTBC.tinue to discharge the dative resulting from its sympa- ously. Last evening a Neapolitan officer was arrested putting an. end- to their provisional condition, by army of occupation should be reenforced by 8,000 or Our blessed' country-wed boys, who agreed to gothies vj.h the Holy Father, and from the prcsence of in the city; it is pieaumed he was a spy, as he was in most openly, most freely giving utterance to thei 10,000 men. While the authority of the Holy Father con'entedly to New-York for the Winter if We weald —This Committee met last night at No. 618 Broad*ifeurnaginthecasualoftheCatuolicworld. ,c1:30a.m.—ThroewasmorefightingattheTerra The reply given to the Duke da Codore, contained Nuova, but no more cannonading.i"Whatmaybetheresultoftheirvote?Thean- StatesoftheChurch,notmuchmorethau&000or"s-led,arewildwithdelight.OldNewfoundlandeUnefe FrankW.Shepherd,Secretary,protem. ThePtee- swer .lies in the electoral urn. As Italians, we ar- 6,000 men were deemed sufficient for its defense. No w harnessed to their sled at the door, gfetd of the fr*iic. ident announced that be had received an invitatloa dently wish that the inhabitants of the provinces not that it has dwindled to the shortest span, why are Tbe boys have just put on mittens and comforters—offplain clothes. v * wisbes. nominally, if not really, extended to the whole of the let them take a box of white snow and their painted way, Charles S. Spencer, President, in the chair;theassurance that nobody deplored more than the Em- " 9:-39 a. m.—Fighting renewed upon the Terra Nu-perorthecoarsetakenbySardinia Uode-actualcir- ova. TbeNeapolitansbaveretreatedbehindthe yCiunitedshouldactasthoseofCentralItalvhave 24,000thoughtnecessary?Iftheprotectingforceis theyboundoverthelawn.Ah;it'sasweetpictareto frcmtheGermanRepublicanCommitteetoparticipatewalls of the citadel, and are firinc' volleys of mus- done; and lhat with the same enthusiasm, witli.th<* to go on increasing as the-object protected is reduced, see—yon must come home. in the German mass meeting to be held at the Copper cumstances, however, the use* of fdrc», i<stead of di- ketry. - * • r same unanimity they should declare in favor of tha we may judge how enormous will ba the force when Can i t be that any titled boy Prince, with the Ineti»ute and it was resorted that the Committee at- jnixriebicg, would but aggravate the evd, by plunging 11:30 a. m —The citadel is at this moment firing up >n principle of unification which may bring the whole. the Pope only retains the single Palace of the Vatican. work's Bboutings dentending bis jToutfg ears, can be a3efficacious protection to th*Hory S*e, the French army people rushing through the streets in every direction. may be a fiubject of. discussion. It will be tbe same-ul- evidently, they both agree, and during the interviewin the Papal States would be increased to 24,000 men, This moment (1^ p. m.) the captain of the French ship resdy adopted in the JEmi ia and Tuscany. The people at Plombieres, where most of what h«s since occurred whose mission would be to make the patrimony of St. Impfrial, tcgetherwith the consuls and the captain of will be asked to pronounce distinctly whether they in Itally was planned, as far as it could be on paper,Italymtoastrugglefromwhichageneralwarmightthecity.AbombshotthatfellontheMarinaIsawPeninsulaundertheconstitutionalscepterofVictor Theti'ntbofthemattermostprobablyisthatthehappyastbe^enntitied,ruddy-cheekedbeys?J«2estendinabody. •'-•-^m'•' arise. Tbe reply also stated t h « in order to afford an" picked up by a soldier. Emanuel. Emperor Napoleon ie as detirous tb&trfthe Pop* should is shaking the snowfrom off the shrubs and young frait It was a'so announced that a grand mass meeting of" The greatest excitement prevails in tbe city, the <"Tbe Ministers do not think that the form of suffrage quit Rome as M. Cavour himself can'be.- On this, trees that bend low under their burdens. Truly, c . the Eepublicans would be held on Thnrsday, the 25*kcomprising a population of 420,000 BJUIS, and including Home, GivitaVecohia, and Viteroo.• Marsfcfu Vartlaot, the. defender of Rome in 1819, will, 5n case of need, aeeume the command in chief of the. army of occupation, should the patrimony of St. Peter fcethreadedbyGaribaldiorPiedmont.bis word that little confidence is placed in his promise, love for their coun'.ry ia no matter of doubt, and wbose that no consideraidn on earth shall induce him to cade sylvania, Ohio, and Indiana* Ever true to the cause of pertinent to the occasion, after which the Committee P ARIS, Oct.1 —M. Toouvenel tendered his resigna- and numbers of people are leaving the city. A round devotion to the sacred person of the King is equally Jt. The pang he feels whenever he thinks of Savoy Human Rights, the people of New-England have met adjenrned, in order to attend the meeting at the Coopertion to the Emperor WLXU at Aj»ccio, insisting that a shot was this moning fired into the Russian Consul's known, deem it expedient to put off the act of annexa- -and-Nice would lead us to believe that he is sincere; Institute. moreefficaci-usprotectionshooiabegrantedtotie house,andseveralotherbuildingswereinjured.'Sev- tiontilltheworkbecompleted-j-thatiB,tilltheques- andthatitwillgohardwithhimtoconsenttoanyother togethertorejoiceoveravictorywhich,beyondques- THE-FOURTH ^VARDREPUBLICANASSOCIATIOITwleging that he was'fired on by blunderbuses. He; how-ever, took a new engagement not to.fire on this citywithout giving timely notice to the foreign consuls tothat we do not think any annexation should be pro- posed, subject to any special conoition.dom. 'What additional recompense France expects from Piedmont for. her services I cannot guesfc. A strong disclaimer hps been issued in the name of M.gCavour about Sardinia. On tbi.s point Victor Emanuel appearsWILSON, AND BURLINGAME.Correspondenoe ol Thf> N. Y. Tribimo.who gave a glowing account of the proflrre«rin«d*bT the Republican party in the State of Jfaryland. Bw rsmaiked that, during a sojourn of four weeks in Balti- more, the number of Republicans had considerably in-Pope. Since the return of the Emperor, and the roply eral shots fell on the cathedral during Divine service. tions of Rome and Venice be finally solved.tion, decides the great struggle for the Presidency. To the Editor of The A*. Y. Trihvtu.Tbe demonstration surpassed anything of its nature SIK: Seeing in TMK TKIBCNX of this morning thatThe General commanding tbft citadel. expressed this given to the Duke de Codore, M. Tbouvenel has with- mornitg his firm belief that Francis- II. would be on" We think if this design could be carried into prac- tice it would have the moBt fatal consequences. Why should we keep Naples and Sicily in an anomalousing on Thursday, evening, says:Y' Tbe Pope's allocution ie new public in Europe,"" Alihough all those who have contributed to the tri- umph of the national cause accept in principle the ideaBOSTON, Tueoday Night, ©ct. 16, 1360. The Wide-Awakes of New-England have to-nightwithdraw with their families aod to clear this port ofallforeignvessels. TheGeneralhas.sooftenviolated oftheannexationofSouthernItaly,yetsome,wboss inflexible. Whensouhfiedonthesnbiect,h9declares celebratedtheglorioustriushphsofFreedominPenn- crfseed. JusticeQuackenbuahmadesome remjtrkadismemberment.The Paris correspondent of The Daily News, writ-is to avail or.e's self of the work of revolution. to sels that prevailed, tbie morning, proposed to prevent distant towns of the State, and from Maine New- xn«nt, aid jrive you the full prrticulatB concerning the disgrae»-that ever took place in Massachusetts, Or perhaps inspondent soya: The, panic c-eat^d in the commercial " The troops which left this morniug are beand not state ? ' There can on'y be one motive for it, aud that but the Emperor's Government, according to the coun- New-England. During the day, delegationsfrom tbe knowing it not to be the fact, I beg leave to ecneot the stat*-drawn; his resignation. Tlic Times's Paris corre- ths throne of Naples again in less dian two weeks.the-Fourth Ward Republican Astociaiion was disoriranized, airf.world by \he invasion of the Pap«U States has in some for Naples, but some place between Gae'ta and the Ro- accomplish the liberation of Italy. ' Now, this would the French people from reading it. The Ami He la. Re- Hampshire; and Connecticut, arrived in full numbers.ful proc*adinjrn of Tuesday eveninp, the 16th. First, our law*. plainly Ktatc'that no person or persons can become members wa- kes epprcred of by the Investigating Committee, who are •gr* pointed when their pam^a are proposed; but, contrary to all this. Mr. Heulat, with a crowd of policemen who are meoobers, and anieaaar* subsided, now that it is seen that the Austrian man States."CrovercKitu't looked quietly on while the Pupal army The lollcwing is the foaill address issued from thebe a most deplorable error. At the noint we have attained, when it is in our power to buud up a State of 22 000;000 Italians, a stroBg and unanimous State,ligion bad the document in type, but, at the moment The cars from every quarter came in heavily loadedof cqvog to press, received an order from the Ministry with excurfcionists, and as evening advanced the townsof the Interior not to publish it. In the course of tbe. and villages adjacent, to the metiajpolisirand the neigh-was destroyed. I t was feared that Austria would Neapolitans to Victor Em'urael:" SIKK: You are our King. We have all elected you which may dispese of numberless means and resourcfls,day, however, the absurdity of attempting to concealboring State of Shode Island, sent^ttto the city a crowd of rowdies who are not members, entered the room fos?have defended tbe Papal States, and that thus a gr-n in our secret meetings; we nave saluted you in our material as well as moral, the revolutionary era mustera! war would have broken out. Tee immefiiate public plaoee; we have proclaimed you by rising in close for ue. Paly must, with great security, com talking in a day or two, appears to have struck thedanger that was drea ed has thue disappeared, and, asF r t i c h tradesmen have been obliged for some monthsaims; and tbe Dictator Giuseppe Garibaldi, whose mence her perkd of internal order and organization.loyalty is equal to his courage, and bis courage to his Europe would otherwise have reason to believe that fortune,enteredNapleswiththewords'VictorSoaan- revolutionisnotameansforus,butanend;andherinFrance a manifesto of which all the world will be authorities, for the Pays and Patrie. without alludingto the ir junction served uponftheA ww de la Religion^ claimfortheGovernmentthemeritofnotexer- eifingjthe powers contained in tiie organic laws, by virtue of which it might have prohibited the publica-stream of burning torches and giitte^^puniforms..The creat procreeibn was formed upon the Common. As early a* 7 o'clock they be#an to gather, and before 8tbegrcundwascoveredwithgaylyuniformedcom- panies,, marching and remarching, forming and re- fvrming into line, and presenting a most magnificent spectacle. Standing upon" the gentle activity which overlcoks-the parade ground, the beholder was able-to get an idea oi the vast concourse assembled. A con- tinuous line was stretched from Tremont Btreet to Bea- con, and on Charles street another line of equal length was.formed; while companies which wer<i not able toget immediately into- position, owing to the great length of the line, were count?rmarobiDg in different directions over the groand, in a manner which.sug- gefcted the preparation of an army for the battle. And to give a finer effect to tho spectacle, imagine the various gaudy nniforma and unique equipments, thethe purpose of defeating a motion for the expuUlon of Jamea Coach, a ballot-box etnrTer; who was caught in the act at oar last Primary election, which can be proved by affidavits of sereeal of tbe most respectable members. Mr. Healat dechured the mo- tion lost—after 60 (two-thirdR) voting in the affirmative, and 30 in the negative—and then declared tbe seat of the Secretary vacant* which is filled by a gentleman who woald not allow himself tobe sold for political pain, and then offered the names of some 30 or 40pera<rn», declaring them members, which was oppoaed^j^ all the regular member*, with the exception of the police, who dare not say anything but yes,,for fear of being broken. Fearing I have trefpessed on your time and apace, • I will oloee# firnt asfuring yon that the Fourth Ward Republican: A**ooia4taa is not disorganized, but will, on tho Cth of November, show that wo are not aleepinp, but " wide-awake." Yoirs, 4cc.,SAM'L P. P ARR13EN, No. 87 FrankTort-tt»A W York, Oct. 17, 18G0. And 317 other*.THE CANVASS IN NEW-YORK.The Hon. H. R. STANTON will spsakpa.st to live frcm day to day, they will go on in the old uel atd bis descendants are your Kings, and the Kings benevolence would be withdrawn. Public opinion, so"wj»y until some new cause of alarm shall arise. I n of Italy.' Sire, why should we bs the last of tbe favorable to us. hitherto, would declare against us, andthe m»-an time, commercial transactions ar<* very much Italians to receive &nd welcome you in the bosom of enlist in the ranks of cur enemies The accompli hr tion. Asto whether tne Pope means or wisbes to runrest idee", particularly in the manufacturing towns.-our country ? Why should we be the last to eoj oy the ment of our Italian enterprise would become, not onlyaway from Rome, nothing is. known with cartainty. Tne balance of testimony is for the moment in favor of the" opinion that he Intends to etay. As to the report that Gen. de Gov on holds him a prisoner, I cannot be-benefits of a Government in which all the principles of TURIN, Sept. 29.—A deputation of the inhabitants of libeity, order, progress, and stability, whicn you repre-more difficult, bat, perhaps, altogether impossl hie." Revolution and constitutional government oannot long coexist in Italy wirhout producing by their dual-Naples, which left that ci y on the 26th, is on i»s waysent, are the rule and guarantee of the political direc-tion of the State 1 Sire—Come! W e Neapolitans are ism1, an opposition and a conflict which would only turn lieve it. The Emperor would not put ic in his powerto meet Emanuel, with the obj^c; of presenting an ad- alWKions that you should come to Naples to consecrate dress to bixn invjt'mf bim to come to Naples in order to Italian unity, and restore peace and tranquillity to the iertore tranqniiliiy, &c. Kingdom. Wewi&h to see those veterans who de-to tho benefit of the common enemy. . to damage him eo much as be might do in the estima- "|Theee contingencies escaped • the attention of that tion of the Catholic world by declaring that his pro-generous patriot who bithorto opposed the annexation fended yen and Italy at Paleatro and San Martiuo fra- of Naples and Sicily. But if he had good reasons to Tbe Kirg has left Turin, amid the loud cheering of ternizing with those. brave youths who, landiog at follow that system ae long as the Martbes and Umbria the popi^ation. Princa Carignan has arrived here in Marsaba, few in number, but aided by the population, parted the South from the Center and North of thetector exercised constraint np<"n bis persomFRENCH ARMAMENTS.The Paris correspondent of The London- Times says:!I am informed that orders have been received at thethe quality of Lieuten^n^ of/»be King. have delivered the most faithful and not the least fair Peninsula, now to persevere in that system would imperial foundery at Ruelie, wbich has been idle for the transparencies and banners, the naminpr iorches. andTbe Sardinian fleet having yesterday, by a bold of the provinces forming your Kingdom, in order that have no other effect than to oppose unless de'aveand last four years, to resume the casting of bronze cannon we all, guided by jour .'wisdom, may maroh hence, hindrances to the national cauee. Tbere is in tbe na- of the new model. At the same time the nysterhiofna- maii-nver, destroyed all the batteries of the port of with tbe strength of your arm, the sk;il of your gen- ture:of events a logic wbich triumphs over the stoutest tional defense is- being completed along the whole of AncotA, G*>n. Lamoriciero eeot two envoys to Gen eral, tbe boldness and genius of Garibaldi, to over- will^ and against which the best intentions are power • tbe French coast. Bel'leisle and Quiberon have been Fan?:. This morning the articles of capitali'.ion were throw the remaining enemies of Italy, and complete leEB.[ Let revolution be made permanent in Naplss and placed in direct communication by submarine telegraph. the work of our redemption" Palermo, and very shortly the authority and command Measures are likewise being adopted to establish a com-the sound of martial music issnihgr,from a score of bands, and occasionally the peculiar "Wide-Awake cheer, with which Maine or New-Hampshire greeted the presence of their brethren in the cause from Rhode Island and •Massachusetts.direction, and the people cheered vociferously. Over an hour elapsed before the rear of the procession left the..rallying ground. The first division comprised the Clubs o'f Suffolk County•; the; second division, ClubsAt BellevilleAt Hudson.At Schenectady. At CooperstowsiAt Lockport At Albion.... At Homer.... At Fonda.At Rome........Saturday, Oct. 20. ..Tuesday, Oot. 23.Wedneaday, Oct *C* ........Thursday, Oot 25...*..Thursday, Oct. 18; Monday, Oct*22. ..........Tuesday, Oct 23."Wedne»dar, Oct.'ZIL. Thursday, Oct 25.drawn up.The head of the procession moved at 81 o'clock. A dense crowd of people packed the sidewalks, and as!•!€•if;I11I fia iIs<nwill pass from the"glorious hands of bim who wrote on munication between Brest and Cherbourg. OrrjciAi.DISPATCH,2p.m.—Aneonahaacapitu-TheItalicNowcllt,ofMilan,statesthattbefollow-hisstandard,MralyandVictorEmanuel,'intothose thelinegotunderwayfireworkswereletoffineveryJadceWM.JESCPofPennsylvaniawillspeak',-lated. Gen. Lamoriciere and the whole of the garrison ing proclamation has been circulated at Naples by the of men who. for this practical formula substitute theare priecners of war.BRI^KELS", Se^t. 30.—The Indcpvndancc Beige says:The portfolio of Lamoriciere nas fallen into tue handsof Gen. Fanti. It contains letters of the most com-" Party of Action '*: dark jand mystic symbol of sectarianism, ' God and the " Let us explain oureelves clearly. We want a people.'FROMJAMAICA.pronrisirg character, and tbe moss positive proofs ofnumerous intrigues entered into with tbe Legitimist annexations, sba-1 be" insensibly enveloped in the legis-der of things which might have reasons;to exist in Na- . The approaching session of the Legislature was ex- from Maine and Vermont (from the latter State thereples and Sicily must come to an end as soon as possible. pected to be a stormy one. The popular will demands were no organized forceB present); the third.divisionThis lis required by tbe interest of those provinces for contained Clu-s from Rhode Island; New-Hampshire,The Hon. ARTHUR. HOLMES and the Horn. Be»f VAN HORN will epeak •.united Italy./ We want to see all the parts of Laly, at present divided, united into a sole nation, without any irace of niunicipaliem beh-g left. We. however, cannot consent that Italy, by meanB of partial and successive" W e repeat—that provisional and revolutionary or-By the steamer Saladin, we have advices to Oct.. 6.whioh the present state of things is a ferule source of. two concessions from the Crown, to at'ain which ar-d Connecticut; tbe fourth division, Cabs from the veryjgreat disorders; and it is required still more by the there is to.be an alteration of the Constitution. In the Counties o f Norfolk, Plymouth, Barnstable, aud honor and interest of the national cause. How could, first plac«, it is desired thaf the advisers of the Execu- Dukes; the fifih division. Clubs from Worcester,At Gaines...... At Carlton...... At Lane's Corners At Fidgeway..... At Albion.... AiMilhiW...At Clarendon.......Wednesday aft., Oct.IX ...Wednesday era., Oct-Tt.in fact, without great detriment to the dignity of theCrown—how could KiDg Victor Emanuel consent thatItalian provinces thouid be so long a time governed iohis name as conquered provinces, without appealing tothe free expression of tne people's wiaheB? according totive shall be made responsible to tha people, not to the. Crown; that their tenure of office sbaddepend upon tbe pleasure of the People's- Representatives, and that they shall be competed to resign their official responsi- bilities on an adverse vote of that august assembly.# • • • » • » « • • • •..Friday aft, Oot la. ..Friday eve , Oct. 1ft. ..Monday arX, Oct. 2*...Thnrsdayeve.,Oot.2S» .. Friday e7»., Oct 38Lthe solemn and legal forms of popular suftrsge ?" ,Ministers ask for a vote of confidence, because " a In the next place3 that tbe privilege of origtnatiogCOOK'S NEW-YORK GLEE CLUB will eingvcic^ justly dear to tte multitude expressed to the 1' Crown and the country its distrust of them!:'.' Still " It is the du*y of tbe Ministers of a constitutionalmorey grants shall be restored to the popular branch of tbe Legislature.The contract for a monthly mail between KingstonWednesday, Oci.%4. .Thursday, Oct. 25.PERSONAL.Si BKin^; not to give way before pretensions not, very and N«w-York is published. It is made with Alfred legal, even if they be backed by a Bplendid halo of Bolt of-Liverpool, and stipulates for a compensation'ofpopularity and by a victorious sword.•' But as we would fail in our dutyby.giving way totioee pretensions, so we should have foiled in our obligation toward parliament i f we had not put the question to it wbetber it be ready to sanction tbe sen- tence pronounced against u s . "GARIBAtW AND VICTOR EMANUEL.The Turin correepondent of the Dfbat/k ea.ys thatGaribaldi will soon retire to his island home, and will KeLett in the naval command of the station, hadtorches, and bearing a. banner with the inscription, " W e give Douglas ourCams, but Lincoln our Votes," and otr-er banners beautifully decorated. There were a multitude of transparenci''s in the procession having^amusing caricatures and apt illustrations of the fallen and hopeless condition of the other candidates for the Presidency.Near the head <f the procession was a boat-chariot, drawn by four horses, and. gayly decorated, iu which were many of the prominent Republicans of Massa- chusetts. Tbere was the benignant countenance of Wilson, the able defender of Free Labor against the contemptible assaults of Southern Aristocracy. There was Burlingame, the champion of free thought aad speech; aid I believe, although I am not sure, that Snmntr gave his presence in this assembly of eminent Rfpub'icans. Ex-(i<v.Turnerof RhodeIslandoccu- pied a place among them-Franklin visited the Deaf and Dumb Insti- tution on Tuesday afternoon, with her niece, several lady friends. She was cordially received,was presented to the pupils of the institution by Dr. Peot. An exhibition of their proficiency by the papBs greatly pleased Lady Franklin, who prolonged her viaitfor over an hour. Although the popiki were taken unawares by the visit, they seemed to know all: tbe prominent points of Sir John Franklin's history, and the efforts of his noble wife to penetrate the nrye- tery of his fate. Lady Franklin is now on a visit te> Mr. Henry Grinnell.not leave it unless his servi res should again be required. -He wept when he r^ad the reproaches and the insultswhich the ministerial prints of Turin poured upon him.arrived at Kingston, and hoisted his broad pennant on board the Iminun. .ATT at Port Royal. Jamaica, Sopt. 15 bifig Tornado, McCarty, ,N«w-York; scbr."Firefly, doo; Sept. 16", bng_ A*bby, Philsdwl-Sono of his Generate had been won over to the policyof Cavour. Surrounded by intrigues^ wearied by re- pbia; jclir. Piiccilla. Crowtli'er, BbJtinioce Sept. 10, brig Prin-lorr«spondtince of The N.r.Tribnn©.danger and difficulty settlers who- cannot pay for their mland in proper time apprehend and frar, arisesfrom,t h e FIRST ASSEMELY DiSTRiCT.—Amseting of the First: anticiTja^ed location of warrants upon their claims after Ateembiy District Campaign Club wte held last evear the pnl lie sales hive closed; In rotation.to thin subject,I v/ould remark that, in the case of Kida & Smith, Idecided, on the 15th D"cen'ibor, J8T»8 that the inhibi-tion of the location of warrants upon lands upon whichthere shall be art actual settlement anf cuitivtili'on, spa-cially p.-eecribed as to previous acts of Congress, is, bythe 4th section of tbe act of 1855, carried to warrantsCoL Curtin's majority id still rieiag of 30j000«- .' v m • •—Gov. SewaTd, having accepted the invitation of theto be with the Republicans in Queens County, "*/hose meettrg occurs on the same day.BONN, Sept. 30,18(30. , . W e bave had almost an accident on the railroad be- tween Roland seek and Andernach, tbe story of which came so directly tome that I must believe it, althoughing, Henry Smith of the First Ward, Vice-President*no bintof it.comea into the papers.On the 2<lth imt. an extra train left Cologne for issued under that act. The same doctrine was aflirmtiding lesolotions were read aud untinimoualy adopted antid great enthusiasm. . - ' . , .Coblentz,andthedowntrainwast-Iographedtoawait at a-elation tbij side Andernach until it bad passed,ontiie14thJulylast,inthecase-ofKtogatonandPer- kins. It follows that, so long as there m an adverse possession and cultivation of a tract tho holder of a werfatit cannot me'ke a valid location of tho land. This is the result of the inherent want of power in the warrant,-an-3 does not depend upon the.validity or in- validity of the adverse Sftilenient ai d cultivation. (See the cose of Oeborne;.& S;<)encJJt. Lesver's Laud—Gcv. Seward will.visit OnondagaKWayne, and Chautauqua,beforetheelection.there being but one trsfck.kno-wn, but t i e conductor ofinfojiinedof the meBfcage, and at a curve in the road somewhere near Prohl, the watct man Buddcnlv/BavfF;RE IN HOUSTON STREET.—Ab^ut 12e-'cl«ck tost night, a lire the origin of wbich is at present Stnknown, ocjorred in the groc?ry store of Jacob FforJc, on tiie north-en at corner of Houston and Mercer sy rests. 1& was ditscovered at. an early moment, and-«soon extin- guished by the firemen. The damage te stock anainsured for $3 000- in the New-Amsierdr un Insurance Company, Tbe lire appeared to have. oH ginat*d under the counter, thence extending w the drawers antf shelving in tbe rear. The person whe had chargeMOJ the store for Mr. Fink was playing, •* btlhards In tbe basement, and the police say tbat the place was olosea I unusually early. The Fire Marshal was seat for, an* I forthwith entered into an invettigation as to the origta.* •By whose fault is not the down train was notthe extra train rushing in one direction, the regular Laws, page <W0.) It is evident,'therefore, that the fearonejih the opposite, directly 2gainst each other. Hisre^ -flag of danger was seen by both engineers, wavingthejextia train to stop, the other to return to theof adverse warraut locations, as entertained by ssttlors, is ill-founded.'*.I do not fee that thi? DepertPisnt can say or do frryiLii g to erjcour«g?i settlers to 'iefer makinc paymentselected—hnve »ocur«-d for iim the reepeclaad' «ateeai, of mtn of all pa' tiea; and if we do not gseatly mistake too dgua of th.- timvH will uecure hhi trit^nphaut »l«-otiou aa the Representa- tive from the Third Congroaaiohal Dt*trict ia the Congress of th* United Sti«tf»—a position which we behove he was honestlyCommodore Dunlop-, the successor of Commodoretheir residences, and there was- not a street throughwhich the pageant passed in which the Bouses were The whole of Sabijne has proclaimed Victor EmanueL tions have been made recently to the President and not illuminated.Tivoli itself, which is 18 miles from Rome, is anxious to overthrow the Papal Government.. There remain to the Pope the nrovinces of Rome, Civita Vecchia, Frosinone, aid Velletri; and the two latter will shortlythe Secretary cf the Interior, for a postponement of the As the procession moved through Chester square, land sales advertised to commence on the 15th instant they rasped by the bouse where the Hon. Hannibal at peveral of the land offices in Minnesota. ' . . ..'; Hamlin is now staying a few days From the balconybe.occupied by Sardinian troops. r cation to the Governor of that State, has stated some. There is still a gfeat outciy at Rome against M. de of the reasons which cowrol his action ia tiie matter, Mtrode, because he still thinks ofrestating in the prov- and compel bim in view of bis official duty under theinces of Velletri and FTOS'nono, deRpite the defeat of laws relating to the public lands; to decline to recom-Lamoriciere'B army. He h«s obtained a rescript from mend toihe Presidentany postponement of the admin- the Holy Father, by which all the gendarmes are iet'aticii of these laws.placed at the disposal of .the Minister ot War, aud he The reason urged wi.h most- force for deferring theimmediately' ordortd a portion of them to Velletri. sale is, that ECttlers upon the lands-about to be ottered This act led to a protest on the part of Monsignore are not able to make pavmetit for their preemptionber which composed. tie' procession at 10,000. I t cluoing guests from Wiishington, New-Xork, Balti-varied in passing, a siDele point from an hour and a more, and the West Indies, and Miss Vaiagh was t t equarier to*one hour and three-quarters. There was no fortunate partner of tbe Prince in the first dance. Thedisturbance worthy of mention throughout the entire ruppor and ball were both sucoessful, an*Prince Lee»All the Piedmontese commissaries, sub-commissaries,and councillors appointed in Umbria are Romans, whohad lied or had been banished from Rome recently by General Land-Office; from which we have bean per- the Papal Gov ornmenr.'Bricks Lehigh.....Long[riei>er,P. 4 215ALMOST A RAILROAD CRASH.QUEEN VICTORIA IN DANGER.Additional official returns of the-vote for Governor •kItseeTUBfromtbeselettersthatagreatpartofthe ,CITYPOLITICS. ';donotmateriallychangethefootingsalreadygiven.From The Washington Constitution.—The Prince of Wales will have a dangerous rival at Boeton in the person of Prince Leo T. Lloyd, a "gen- tleman from Africa," iu whose veins courses the blood' of the royal family of Nubia,, Prince Leo is now a citizen and merchant of Liberia, and is visiting Maasa- cbosetts. His friends and admirers gave him a balland supper at the Pioepect House, Waltham, onHoa-dsy evening. About 25 conpke were assembled, ra-The Secretary of tho Interior, iu a recent communi.the ladies waved their handkerchiefs, and the proces- sion cheered vociferously, and saluted their candidate for the Vice-Presidency. H e acknowledged the courtesy modestly by bowing.-b.is thanks. . .Various estimatea'all Agree in setting down tbe num-mit^d to make the following extract Referring to sund>y letters, he says:station. The extra train was moving at lightningsiieid, and could not at once be brought ti; thn engi- for treir lands beyond the day of sale. Should th elected to till two years ago.the [machiner j" our lives," he said to his companion, but before doingtime with fcuccess, and when the e^xtra train came before thoinception of 3,'ay/vfcltd alyMfie'claim or. theenoe 8' Tolnrn agai^t her at .the present day thosevery,.. anne wbiefn her victories have placed, in ther&ridi.y.Oott»;t?onrrt Cavocr ban deWarrd 'in ,be &»****'? D«p- S B § S 3 i » u t t e r l y seduced and earned, away by ckua u a b , v, ere the Quyen of Jh^glnnd, her husband^ '< 1'he hrat settle cute, UiUt'e befor« the public oiler- i v«o.kkguiai, and with g'»cateficcUA few seconds moreV' and the; ac/adent would haveE r«en...revolting>lo.S?mindpfanyofus-auyhadii$y^ fpr,npon;th«vaieetitryi•*;•••.•>• wjfiH wiw the motto. Ho appealed partic&larly t> the • •„. 'Untitled Document•.•...v.>-,.i,w"-« fallen by reason of the failure to say that a valicJ Abe's Choir. An addrewfirom Blr. Chas« o. Sp#««r~~ ;27»not be made upon ths earns tract by thesettiett-Jflt'o*..:' • *mbJlc offering, I think this concluded the evenings entertamownt..„ r, ,„ not i i i f l i ^ ^ S W view issoctioaof theKn guards' targft e^cunrlon took place on WedaaiAay,was designed to celebrate.. : .KMSJO 1 0 , 7 0 Coopci's majority......................... M 3tNEW-YORK.many who made two good shots, aad bntniaeww.••••• :••;.iI,.-Vi^.JThe followiffgis an extract of a letter from a lady misted the target entirely. At the dinner tbe *reat«rtwarmth and enthusiasm prevailed. Luicolh, Ffifahitu>in the country to*her husband in this city: and Morgan, Wakemaa and Darling, rang-throaglttii* Boxrawoo*>, Lewis Co., Oct. 15, 1860.Republicans of Broome County to attend their meeting The meeting was large and enthusiastic. The follow- at Bingbfimton on the 24th bast., ia unable, of co*rrs«vin the chair. John M. Costar Secretary pro. tem..Brtolvcd, That as members of the Klrrt AH»«mWy DistrictCoapaf{ca Club, weihaiifc the RopubHotto Cougretwional Convea-ki"»iforhaviuKw»'a:iiuiO&h)jauli-ctodcuttheRepublicanoaucUd*.t«forCougreaa in the Third CcuKrc&Bioiial I)i<trist, Amor J. \V"il-liaroaon, tli« PretWeiit of this Club, whose nomination w«her*byratify,audsa»urethoetherWard* coaJBOtfiag thi«Coairrj«RionUDi*t>i(,t that we thall xu'drk our appr«ci\tloii.«f th« oouipliuioaiby rttiag lor Mr. Winiamitou a vote- neves b«for« RITVQ to a R#publicah raucidat^ In the fir«t thrw«ward< of th« City. Thoacknowledged devotion of our candidate to the principle* we areftrugglhift loir— hia nulform HDpiio>tiof all loeaaureB 'oalculausd toadv»rjce the intereit* of tho workitog'men ot our city—his honest,otmi^n'tiotwarii aud courteoun conduct. La public and private hie fixtu res -will not probablv exceed $150. X he stock wee —his acknr-wlcdged ability for the poet for which he IIM been. /.„ .^^^.•^••f- -••- - "*%m -1Mr. Brown of California, the Irish Bwrtetw^w***!gineL, on which occasion Senator Seward wotrfd toeak*Meef-rs. John J. Shaw, B>nry Eichsrd, and F5 W-. DEMON- Shepherd were, appointed a Special Committee to oo-;operate with a like Committee from the 8epabHca» Central Committee in making the necessary arrange-• j*! ./At Fonda......At Cooperstown...—lutdy—John 0. Heenan arrived in this city last evening; from Baffuio, where he had been to meet an indictment for aiding and abetting in a'p'-ize-fight some time ago. For hisebare in the affair .he was fined $300, whiclL •i&^xmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•www.fultonhistory.com• ' • * • -mmtmtmmmmm WpwWsi 