 *Dv* ^ 2 ? £*foB° flE-toC-rmtow.-ABB.alNSW CHtTKCHJSS.The corner atone of tbe n«w eotfice for tbe Tabernacle flaitefteg.nkla. CalWarhia, and Owen Lwvejoy, • • C ,of Prtoeefon, mOfBMk MHfOtthat the Preatdent, with me most p r ev rrtttn a letter to oaatioB the conntrr _extravagance which la mo-fern time* has orevailed bat ITHE N E W YORK HERALD.WHOLE NO. 8642.gjXIGIOUSHTlLUfinCB-TD-DAT.SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 6, 1860.PRICE TW O CENTS.aadvartoonuniffinedexpensesothatktad,£40,000.This dots actrest apea sane loess stetossssd:ft h tba rssaJt ef en cttctol toeaby bv a comnttwee o' the LsgMtotara—M to the Laterj o*theusBsscBoa ss reported by asommiitoe of, toGBersaoitheP"B*'*Iir*p J °"*»"CITY CHUBCHE8.The Rev. n o m a s naUaadet, rector of St. ana's churchread west from here is dotted with trains, and the streets In tba/Mown, Mass., has teadered his resignation, to of our town are full from " morn to dewy eve" of emitakeeiftotonthe1stofJuly. HeproposestovlsttEurope grantsgetttogtheiroutfits. Tbefever seems tecraestogdairy, aad the aewa from the mining regtoai continues'tauot thto-which has srisen in that Mate*—Jtto c.rnamrnt•• P. » , «f B«- k ^T, tt., *• M^JW* «« Asaerica, there Is- £ " . the Taberoscmshare*, Broadnwaayy(Dr.y l Beasts ttmii, orooBiyn, M aaa p « tthat inquiry has seen ther^bl^eettoBof eameserwhichIamsurenomancanread -tonishmcnttnt Contracts are proved to have been 1 ahttu-allyaad svowedly made to promote, not thetatarsstoofoclockA.B ctktar!Toe•f the church at ntoe obytheRevWmL af the last AasesMy. meats to the leotare roomA.M.servicesofhiscongregationduringtbepastyearaaia ban. Be laak^abow to publish a book of ' ilfa>b« anJ Tuaes," with music, for the uae of Sunday sctoom aad MeManytownsarecomparatively desolate,aadeveryoae *ho has not some paying business is either preparing to rtartar has surtee aJreeav. A friend at my elbow states as bis firm belief, that one fifth of the entire po-. u atvnAsEBlCAH AFFAIB8 IHEO&OPE.•-^**-^**rf*»^l*»*Bi^i—II»NUKor deaf mutes, will preach before the Young Men's AasoM, by Dr. elation of S t Peter's church (TwentHh street, between Methodist Episcopal church of Camden, N J , was laid onEithth aad Ntath avenues), this evening. Services to thai* feat,commence at hair-past seven.n e new Methodist Episcopal church, in Eael Warrenrtreet, between Court aad Smith streets (Brooklyn), will be opened for divine atrvtos today. The praying band will be present thioiigbout tba day. Bun hiss tooom-The First Baptist society of Charleetowa. Mass., have decided to build a new church oa the she of the present one, which is to be taken down on aoeouut of its unsafe cocd&kn. the new church will be twelve feet ioager then the present one, aad of the Gothic sty Is of architec- ture.The Missouri river still continues quits low, sad freights rrom » . Loots consequently high. T>» last boats charged $138 per 160 ba. from 8 t Louis.Ot»r naxatlan Correspondence. MAXATLAS, Peb. St, lfiflO.Will the tmrrltarj am sorry te ray -be Freetdent is eftogtthrroaable to rastot tte current, because there has bees an taqniry toto the Mate ef the navy ef the United **Aea, aad the resaM ofi_\jiiit— »7 U» R<-v. Themes «. Bastings,of this otty,SCsbsjatr-'a-Bg,May 6, at the Ma.ilM.KiMWPresby-ay**church .. . _ _. m-neeathahpartteao'clocktothemorningandatthree After an interval of several Sabbaths,oceastoaedbyTheJfttsarows and Wathingttmi Birthday—Ihe Authorlti* Anxiety »n tlte British Pstsltnmemg H e - Ihe publicic. but or tbe tadrridoal A physlctoa to shownsnectsnat t h e sTmtm o r t h e I'nttctt Statin. to have beea eppointed to be agent far the n Jotm the F,UivitUs-Saiutet-Accident—CompHmtnt to been eppototsd to beagent fart"ih- American*—ThreattmaaDestruction >f JfassAutoy In tbedebateoatbeNewReform bill, in the British coal,whoknew nothingasbouat coal,whosam Bouse of Lords, on April 19th, Earl €tosr rote to move tbbg to the purchase of coal but signing theLotado—Sacking and Burning of Mexican Towns by (he tba. a select committee be appointed to inquire what broogkt to him, and who received the Cssmrvadores—Bttrtat of the /rwviru—Retaking qf would be the probable increase C tbe number of eMwtora orCer to share with others the profit of ties contractto the eovnttos sad boroughs of England and Wales from Bore than thto W e have letters nfldrssssa to the CoUma—Expiaititn Against San Btas and Tetric—Ame e reduction of tbe franchise, sad whether any or what hlgbett effleers of the government calling on them to grant ricansCompromisingtheLivestfAmericans—Shipmentej changeislikelytobemadetothecharacteroftheOOD- ceairasutoparticularindividualsforelectioneeringpur- Sfteie—English Protection qf American Citizens, dx. srtoeiMies by such tnereas*. Tbe measure was one <>'so poses. One letter is addressed to Mr. Biohanan himself,o'clotJttotheafternoon,andathalfpastseveno'clockto evening.fatosgbeaJtb, Rev.AbrahamBashespreacnedtwos*r mont to the Unitarian church at Dighton, Mass, oa San- day, April 28. Thto venerable minister to now mutt(MHIraa*«iealJLMiliary-Tba asaual<«»•*«?*•>MMto*ite*'y oCla^ulry of ^ L ' " ^ TM ^ * ! * 1 •••»-_„ will oedelivered bySassa** M-*»••*•l>P »/*••*ZsiU B-uitoB College, this sveatof,ftttjf-ourteenthJ5«t Preebyterten ehcrcB, snraer t i Fourteenth street_g See:nd avenue, at h*Jf-past se*m s'ctosfc.Pr«.iak«rMW Baaed •/ JhVsijw Mistttm —Aaanu aw veloped fri m the Prophecies of Daniel," to the Christian instance to be found to cay in New England or the UnitedJiMifca Brick Cbuica (Bar. Dr Sprsag-s), eorner of pmww»**»Thirtysevernta«mt,at6*pantV H »T F4»bR, IV»»«,DDdrrfcaa C**M*a*mi lbs***-Sermon al Saitoh church, „1*evTprten* and Martoa streets, at sight P . M .,b yl«t. Btery H. Gems*.MOVBAV, MAT 7.chapel to Seventeenth atreet, Immediately west of sixth avenue,cenunenctogtoday,sihairpaatteao'clocktothe forenoon aad at half past seven o'clock to the evening Subject for the morning, "The Prophet of the Palace;" for the evening, «' he King's Dream."States.The.foltowizg collectionshavebeenmadeIntheRoman Catholic church*-* of BofiaJo and Rochester, for the benefit of the Pontiff. The subscriptions are accompanied by ex- pressions of sympathy for the Holy Father, in view of the troubles to lut'y ;—St. Joseph's Cathe- Holy Angels, BufYesterday, the anniversary of the birth of Washington,was celebrated here among the Americana to a trulypatitotie manner. The Emily Banning, the only Americanvecasi at present in the harbor, was decked off with buntmomentnous a character that if they were betrayed loto any en or such vital consequences might arise to the na tkn that their lordships would agree there were exesUeat r easeas for appointing tbe committee, especially if he could stow >hat the toformatioa thei at present possessed was cot calculated to ataai them to rermtog dtouad aad aocur ate judgment on the matter. He need scarcely remindurgirg him ia the strongest mancsr to have the coatrset for the machinery of a steam stoop assigned to s par ticutor beore to Philadelphia with a view to ties election There Is no dagurse. It U put openly that it • of tospor- tocce, to the then state of tike election, teat the eontract should be given to this particular house. I appeal to yexr lordships abether, if a letter were addressed to tbe;f. M.M—'i Christie* dmciatitm —m the Madison commence at half-pact teven o'clock.immaculate- Concep tton.ButtaloSt.Msaiface.Buualo St Piter's, "St Michael s, "ter92 00 to compliment to the Americans, and to the memory of ii/cy Returns had been laid oa the table of tbe House of letter, from Colonel Patterson, of Iniladelphia, to sub-"irt*t>ytei,aa church,**halfpacttaraD o'clock F. M-TbeRev.Dr.Mcaeaamy'spublicservicesfortheeluci dawn of Protestant truth, as opposed to Romish error—676 00Wasttrgtcn,sentoflhiaflueregimentalbandatanearlyhour in tbe morning, the Banning being under charterCommonsbytbegovernment,towhichtbeadditiontothe number of voters ws* estimated at SfO.ctO; but a great many gentlemen, among them some of the represent*mittedtotheatentlonoftbeSecretaryoftheNary— J B ." (Laughter) Such corruption produces Its natural effects upon every interest of the country, sad, aboveUrban C Brewer, pastor of the church, will deliver a eighty seventh year, and has hao an unbroken and un series of dtocoarses e n th e "Kiagdom of Christ, a t D e- •seated settlement over th e Dighton church for a period of fifty six years We doubt whether there is a parallel4ivfam*.-la the Ha* DP. Gsnse's church The Rev. E. 0. Fisgg, rector of All Saints sbureh, cor- dral, Buflalo $262 16 faJotittrd street, at twerveo^ctoc* M ner of Henry and tcammel streets, will repeat bis ter- £4. Louis Church, St Anne's, "~ Vmimt%ml»ftfai Igatwary - Aunlveirsary exercises to mce, delivered on Sunday morning tw o weeks since, Buffalo 167 CO S t Patrick's, Roches-ing of every description, from the tip end of her jtbboom$86 £9 to spanner gaff, a sort of impromptu breakfast was tbeu lordships that one of the most important questions Fust Lord of the Admiralty, making e demand of thatMMHmnr *treet Presbytertoa church, at baa pest seven ihA evening Subject--"God our Refuge.'' Services to 8t Mary's, Bufltoo . 410 t ojawncan SMMI'I /rtems Sod*? - I n tba Church ofate Pnrttaaa (tba Rev Dr Cheever'a), Union square, at at which Roman Catholics avail themselves of the liberty St. Bridgets "112 60 to the government as a temporary transport, and having ttveB ct tbe largest constituencies, bad declared tuat those al), upoa the administration of justice. Your tord-|f>« neat seven o'stock P . M.The iTew fork MtsfMsmi Bsmaoohnt Society m i l holdibt:r Twenty seventh Anniversary, to the chapel of the University place church, oe Moadey evening, Map 7. l a sdc'r»ts from Rev. Mr. LSndtoy, from South Africa, aad after dartj mea, may be expected.TTBBDAT, MAT 8.to defend their church—are now held to Military Hall, No. 19B Bowery, o n Sabbath evenings, commencing a t half-past seven o'clock.Total$2,241 80on board a nuaber of guns, one of which (a twenty-four retoinswere fallacious, and thet 4to,CCO would be toe ships are all aware that not many years ago the satellest addition which would be made to the oonatitu decisions of the Supreme Court of the United 8tates pounder, cast by Donohoe, of San Francisco,) was etcy under tbe proposed bill Hts lordship thea pro were regarded with tte greatest respect, act oar* mouatedfortheoccasion,andsalutesfiredfortheGore.' ceeded—Itseemstometobealltbemoreimportantthet there,buttothiscountry. Thejudgesweresahghlsaad, we should bave accura e knowledge on these paints be honest, honorable men, snd their dicta were often quotedThe Rev. A. A. WUlets, of Philadelphia, will preach the third anniversary sermon of the Young Men's Christian Ameriem Umigm ChrUUm Ihmm.—Aan.veraary exer- Association of the Middle and North Dutch (collegiate) churches, to the church corner of Twenty-ninth street and Fifth avenue, this evening, at half-past seven o'clock.norandtheConsul. Tbeforeign shippingtotbe harbor, censeotthatwhich we know takes placetotheUnited toourowncourts. BowhasOu*slateofthingssltaniilf consisting cf three Hamburg, one English, one Sardinia. Males. I was much struck by reading to one of tbe news- Under the tysttmuhtch hat arisen in America, by which ap- and many Mexicax s, testified their respect to tbe oacwior> papers a letter from a s correspondent, who stated him pointments u the Supreme Court have been used fjr partydatt it St. Paui • MMAoattt Bvtocopal caarsa, ooraer of Paorta areaaa aad Twenty aacoad atreet Addraaaaa by fte Rev Dr Kttk. of Boatoo, the Rev Dr. McCliatock and fee Rev. Dr. Parker, of Maw York.TI-BMUT, Mar ».Ntw York ,Sannlay School Uniom.—The several acboolaAn address will atoo b e delivered b y the Rev. Thoe. E Yermilyea, D.D. *bydisplayingtheircolorsduringtheday. Intheeven ing the whole party, accompanied by many citizens, the band, and some of the government officials, were resetttobeacitizenofNewYork,describingthestateof purposes,thatCourthaslostitshighthtsratter. ItaoIoager things in that city. He declared It would be a safe wager command* the respect which it did formerly, aad some that out of one huadred citizen*, taken atraadoa, not of tbe decisions which have been pronounced, have ex ten could tell wbo were their representatives to Congress, cited the disgust of all high minced men to America. sndcotfivewhowerethe membersforthe towntothc (Hear,bear) Buttothefederal courts thestateofla tbe Protestant Episcopal church, Clinton fiaU, Astorvfll awe* at the falloirtae; placea—Praabytarlaa church, place, to charge of the Rev. Robert 8 . Dickson. Divine talcs, on the bead waters of Lusey's creek. The lowder.celvsd by tbe Consul at his residence, where the utmost Sste Legislature, unless, it was said, you happened ttinga Is by no means so good. In many of tbe States goodleelingandconvivialityprevaileduntila tostumbleonamemberofoneofthecommittees1believeImayaeyinmostoftiiem—thejudgeserenow late hour at night. The music and other by whom these things are really managed. These small elected They are not only originally appointed by elec-Taata street, eoraer of I'atveratty place. No*.14,ST,83,aft,116.lis,138.Oarer meat Bafttot ohorea.-Ooaiaiaiee: Wm. C V aa Meter NotlSTl*,M,41,S»,190,313.Allen street Preabytetlaa church, avenue C —Commit He H B Uttal Noe 19, 20, SB, S t , » , left.SkreaUi Pretbytciiaa church, avaaaa C—Committee prof J B Tbi-maoa. No« 4o,«0, •«, 61, 93, 171.Ptanuw sire*i Bapt«t churca. —Committee W . PBelpa. Nei !1, 75 M. 96, Ibi.theremainsoithelateBishopDoane,hasjustbeencom tr*wPcoot,Noa.10,26,42,73,andMiaafoB141, pletec!.Itwasdepositedovertberemainsofthedtotia-knots ot self elected agitators are the real elec- tion, but they are appointed only for short periods; eon-Cetirtil*rrab>tertoachorea,Broomeatreet—Commit church,willpreachintheevening.144. OumtoestreetPresbyterianchurch—CommitteeWm.Oud Bourne. Not. IB. 82, 44, 67, 66, 70, 160.Uight street Baptist church —Committee; A. 8. Jewell.Rev. Prank Remington, pastor of the North Baptistguished btsbop m Thursday, 27th ult— the anniversaryThe whole thing passed off in the most pleasant mannerA poor feilcw, named William Thomas, one of the EmilyBanning e hands, was badly injured by the premature ex bodies. We ought to know what approach we are likely reticence of money is greater than ever, aad It Is statedNee. 1 . 83, 80, 34, 68, 112.Second kvecne Bapt at Tabernacle.—Committee. W. W . street, near Sixth avenue, at-half past three P. M.PMrteestb street Preatoytertoa church, Baeoal a v e -ne.—Committee: Joha E. Paraona. Noa, 60, 84, 167, Rev. Matthew Hale Smith, minister—the opening servicesletters A and 0 (Alpha and Omega); on the right a Crown wounded man immediately with a bow line in h i s band, of Thorns At the head is a representation of the mitre, which he succeeded m throwing over mm, and by which croxter aid keys, at tbe foot the letters I. H. S., underntath which is tbe following inscription in Latin:—116, 188, 203.Mercer atreet Presbyterian church -Committee.H .be was rescued. It was dark at the time, and the ship's boats had a.l gone asbore with the guests. 1 he mas w as brought on shore and placed in ctarge of Dr. Rogers, physician to tbe American Hospital Fortunately the injury he eusiained is not of a serious character.The experience of other nations, the gradual corruptionof iree Inst tutions in other countries, to ancient and mo-dern times, ought to be our beacons a s to the dangers towbtch so manv seem to be soblind. Above all. the intention was made no secret The rioters openly example of the United States ought to be a warning to us avowed it, and accordingly wbat they said they that we canii.it ley these things too deeply to heart Let would do they carried toto effect Proceedings were me remind your.lord*hips that tbe great men who brought Uken sgatnet them, and I find it stated to a local txe revolutionary war with this country to a successful p%per, which described thos* proceedings as a pro•jawater No*. 82, 6 4 , 80, 81, 89, 182. 146.MxtataUi sueet Batttat church —Committee: J. CBawa. Noa. 49, 62, 66, 91, 109. 108.Madiaoa square Prsabyterian church —Committee . B .«Pardee. Noaft,9,17,46,47,83,163,177.Uxjiftoa aveao* Baptist chorea.—Committee : JoaaphWaits Noa.46,109.154.161,173,IT*.CBIvary Baptist church. Twenty third street—CommitIn memertun. BplaeopU Beo Cesar Hotoa leal. 8. Maria Ccceuoris e< Beetcrua nolle(tl Buritoatoaiea tia AS.AOIA& Harm Fcodatorie. METAJBTOPOKAlong the top of the base is the following inscription :—Oeorge Washington Doaae. DD.. LL.D., for XXVH rear* Blahop of Kew Jm«*. Horn Mas XXVII., A. D M.-O Xt.'U. leLa»»e«pA„ril XXVH,A.D.ML.-evCL.IX. Inpace. 1 havewattedforitysalvage*,OLord. JeanMerla.The* ended tbe celebration of the anniversary of tbebirtbCayo WashingtonatMszatlan, Inwhichthe lead ck.se established a federal constitution,bywhich theyleg authorities el tne Sotte joined aiih tbe utmost nilarity tic-iight they bad providtd r-utlir.kn. checksegaosithe tee quarantine establishment had- been pronounced an4 good feeling. dstgers cf an unbalance J democracy. At this time tb* a cu tarce by tbe Grand Jnry, tbe rioters had a right toservicetodayathalfpasttenA.M.andhalfpastseven P. M.In St. Ann's church, Rev. Thomas Oallaudet, rector, Sigbteentb street, near Fifth avenue. Service for deaf mutes at fcalf past three P. M.; for others willing to pro- mote their welfare at half past ten A. M and a quarter to eight P. M. Tbe Rev. Dr. Beacb, rector of St. Peter'sBrown, who h a s induced a number o f bis neighbors to embrace Lis doctrines."The Baptist general Association of Virginia will aseem ble in Staunton on the 31st day of May nextTHE BISHOP DOANt MOM'MENr.The mennment ordered by the trustees of St. Mary's (P. E ) College at Burlington, N. J , to be erected overchurch,willpreachto-day,athalfpasttenA.M.andhah* othisdeath. ThemonumentisofBelleville freestone, past seven P. M , at tbe corner of Christopher aad Bed- conaructed in the form ot a Gothic croes, resting upon aford streets, and at Palace Garden Music Hall, FourteenthAmteld Noa S, 11, 68, 160, 176. In the North Trinity church, a new organization—the cross piece is a Crown ot Glory, and underneath, Greek shipmate he would have been lost. He leaped after theto whum tnoae having caarge of the several paster Servicee at half past three o'clock. Sermon in fits of coughing, sneezing and expectoration—some blewIEKintbeUnitedStates,asdescribe1bywitnessesoftheh gbest anthortty, native and foreign In the first place, ifu cdna'Ud that theablest at.d more cnbightrned citisensof s'atesmtn, :n whom this House, this country, and the the Ufitf-d States are abtoUittly excluded from all short in the civilized world have lately experienced s o irreparable a y iyn.nefii. They not only exercise no public functions, iocs. (Load cheers ) I refer to the letter of Lord fcl*will n port the number of (hair school, aad the •amber of teachers &ai scholars presentShould the Cay prove t'.^ray, the meetaga at the save iti chnrcbes • wit be omitted, and the superintendents will suet at tuct oUte.- tim* and pL»ce as Utey in their jedtmeat may deem expedient.The aon&al meeting will be hell at half past seven setoct n the evening, at the Copper Instil »te. Speakers, Rev James £ is, of Brooslja, and Rev. Robert Lowry, of \t w YfW"itJtwuHin Anti S l a t r y .*c*w,.—Cooper Iasttute —Tbe Prrsdect, Wm IJoyd Garrlapn. JI the chair. Speak- mt—WJliim LlyJ Oarrsvn. Rev Giorge R Cneerer. D L> Rooert Purvis, Esq , of Bybstry, Pa.; Mrs Eiaactth taiy S.anion, of Seneca Fails, N Y , Wtadeii Itiilps, Esq. Aflemooo, three o'clock.—Meet- lag oi ths tociety r^r business, not for pcodc addresses, a tee c niEiiwe **om. rtar of th« platform, In the Coop- tr >sui ;ie Ev L.ng. Feven and a half o'clock.—Ad- ar<«rrs h: Rev 3erah <Tre*n, of Whiteaboro, H. Y ; Rev. Amur B. 3f» !*<•.. oi .Newcastle, Pa.; Rev J. R W Bc-ace, at N«w York.Atm-n on fei»prru»rc Union —In the Church of the Pu nuoMKn Efiuare,at half paat «even o clock P. M-the morning by the pastor.Bishop Snow, of Mount Zion Iniepenlent church, willpreach to Union buildings, No. 163 Bawer? /his afternoon, at three o'clock, on the "Approaching Kingdom of God." In Cooper Institute, hall No. 24, up stairs, D. J Robin- son preaches every Sabbath for the Advent Mission church. Subject! to day-Morning, "The First Rseur- rection and Binding of Satan;" afternoon, at Ihreo o clock,"The MiUcni'im, and overthrow of Gog and Magog "A discourse will be delivered by Rev Dr. Cheever, In tbe Church of the Puritans, this evening, at half past seven, before the New York Church Anti Slavery Society, on the duties of the Church of God towards the enslaved,to accomplish their deliverance by the word and spirit of God.A public discussion will be held in the Metropolitan Hall, 178 Prtooe street, this evening, between Protestants and Roman • ahol<cs. Subject, "The Infallibility of thetheir noses, some tock snufi. By degrees the noises ceased, and, alter an interval of sbout live minutes, tbe minister resumed his discourse, and fin.slioJ it without interruptionThe Unitarian church on Asylam street, Hartford. ha«ret lay, :n which be points oot that where the population have the opportunity o: spreading over a wide territory, as n the United Sinter, the danger of an experiment toMtr•K.'.fU Lib af» Ajweiaii i» —vnnaal meeting at Romish Church." Tbe opening address will be deliveredgagemeel ought to be made to .'eei mat, in the sight of ai<honest meu, he s a swindler, Kei-tgton may be a very live months, during which time she might have pad us o-..r 'idr, has yvicVd to the ut,r«systnalle pretemifH.s of the :>.(h> tas refer.'*: t to—into the decay of nations in anC:nt>a H&li. at haif-naat seven o clock P . MiNriM fTcu-f So.idy —Aoaiversary exercises to the Br ora Dwcacbaroh, Lafayetts place, at half past sevenavisol P uNK PW% latiut Bonu Missionary SKX'H) —In theAc- a.; o: iiaaic, at half paat seven o do:k P . M. WxpjnsDAT, MAY9AawiLtr. Anti S!anry Saietii—Seccnd Day— Cooper In- SUtBte. ^praJtem-Mra J El?zibeth Jones, of Salem, Oaio iiev W H F'irness, D V Philadelphia Edmund OjBacy, of Boston. Rev. George F Nov*s, of New York. UleriiCoE, «trec o'ci«^ck.—Steakers— Rev Samuel Long- Mow, of Brcoklyo; Wm Weds Brown, Rev. M. D. Coa- tay, of (tnctcnatl, and others.by Mr. J. A. 8. Maihiaon.Mr. FTOthicgbam will preach at the Hall, northeast cor-ner of Broadway and Thirty second street, this morning and evening, at the usual hours.In tbe Brooklyn Tabernacle, on Fulton avenue, near Hoyt street, the pastor, Rev William Alvin Bartlett, wil) preach to day. Services will commence at half past ten A. M and at half past seven P- M.consfouble clohk under which to nide, but it religtoc doesnotmakramandealJustlyItisnotworthhavingoLesr two visits, atd whose captain, I am told, wis »p r*a*tdtoindefenceofthelivesandpropertyorbis country men here, b u t without eflv-ct She suil remainsUnitedStates shereisadangerthatthisswybepushede-iertandmoderntimes,theallegeddeclineoftbeAmeri- toofar,aridthata qvution mayarueonuihiiiour eancorstitoiion amittestateoftheUnitedStatesnow komr and cvr inltretts u-ili make conemtotu on is compared with what it might bare been had tbe tostt- <vr part imponille. Ix;ok, too, et tlw manner in tutiens cevtse-o toritby Genetal Washington aadhtossso wt'cb the proceedings of Congress and of the S'Ate etetesbeen maintained—1 tnould indeed despair of any I (git-iaium are carmo en, the coarsenees and vulgarity. t regress being made for e very considerable time, andLast wnter as almost every one will remember,& iiaotive,sca, asis usual wim American vessels otwar, strong revival spread over the land wfcen many htroeL: utterly worthless— -jf no uee or service to theircc smBers were hopefu'ly converted. In the interior c this State sn old lawyer was among tbos; who professor lo have found grace, but being considerable of a politi cian and withal a candicate Tor a nomination f >r office, be commenced taking, a sly "nip"—sly at first, but tbe thing began to shoe itself in good time. Tbe church was scau oailzed. Ore day the most prominent deacon caught him standing in bis t'tlice door, in a very "balmy" conditionthree ard a naif P . V half past three P . M Hon. Luther Bradtsh in the chair, cater a church. Telle wher I'll do. I'll comoromlm h o iw ncem tract Srciety (annual business meeting) — assisted by Dr. Thomas Co*, W. B. Crosby, BeDjaminL. nerbly. I'll withdraw my active mem'ershlp, and youli the Academy of Music, at tea o'clock A M. The Swan and"Francis Bah, Erqt. pat m e down as a 'trtbuUng and an 'on'ry mem'er.5 ^ Frr* (city) inti Skwery Soady —in the Cooper laUtete, si ha'f past sevta o'clock P M Addresses bymy coble friend as a) pueable to any measure proposed or likely to be proposed to this otuntry by say govern- ment•«h»b aBriTnrsary meeting of this society will b e held * Ctotm Hi.i. Aster place, at half past seven o clock. Mdressea are •xpected from HOB. W . C Alexander W . B WeiJgewooc!, Eiq.. aad othersby, Bremen, giving a statement of expenditures ou account ofthissociety andofdistributionsoftheScripturesintier many; Irom Bav. C. C Carpenter, missionary on the coast of Labrador, atktog a grant otyVtbtes for distribution there; f.om Wm. Ropes, Esq., Boston, enclosing a com munication from S t Petersburg, proposing to this societyThe retreat of Losado, with his ruffianly band of '.',(00, was a great relief to tbe frightened and terrified popu lfcUcn,'anda godsend to the Consuls, whoso houses bad been !or a week the asylums for hundreds of panic stricken beings of all classesThe EAXL or TteET reid.— * • • The noble duke thinks that the noble earl who introduced this ques- tion—to m y opinion with much moderation, judgment end power—went out of his way to point out the dangers which -bave resulted to the United States from tbe pre-TarasxuT, MAT10During thto excitement the Biilish frigate Amethyst was in the harbor, and waa under immediate orders forBobwt Lowry, of New York; the Rev Wilhaas Arthar, a-Nawtoovtiie, K. Y , and others, wul deliver addressaa. TbeRev DrDCEdtfy,ofBoston,will preach the an- sae!sermonathalfpastseveno'clockP. £Many of the ships rrom Europe—five, I believe—bare arrived, end the duties arranged in the old bartering stylewithtbeauthorities Adiscountofaboutthirtyper centuponthe legal duties wassecured,thoughthegoassets aad ttese pr jests ars glided with every aUaremenlwtkb can be Impartedto mem br iagttuitv aad tatost ClaimswhichbadbeescondemnedbyformerdeeMrtoas,aaabedbe-some ruety wit* age have been aaaia revived, and have beeapaid,principalaid iitereat Indeed,thereseemstobeege-neral rvsb to obtain m ney from Ice treasury oa any and f. w and not on tbe maty poor anc we* act tbe impose!coastefLabrador;tothePreahytsriasvBoard of Foreign JavrvoB Tract Jane* trf Beet**.-!* the Church of the MMateBS; to the American Mission at Amoy, China; tofwltaas,Uaionsqaare,atteao'clockA.M.Addreeaesby AgentBUse,forsaleaaddistributiontoTurkey, toJ.& fteBev. Steohen H Tyng.D. D , aad others. PetTSon, Esq , for distribution to foreign ports b y officersmodes of corruption which can be imagined. Some old miliiry operations referred to with exultation, as beingJ!**?*1 "J"**'* «**<» Qiaswisi«a,-ia the Cooper ofvea«M;hatwes»»aarsB»B^gTOhi.claim on the government, which has been considered and an to^toat reach cf this valuable budget ? (Cheers.} rejected years ego oa good aad ssffiotoat grounds, to And now you are asked to give to e class of voters moatCelsa at half past tea octocx A. M. and half-past seven ntoet P. M Addresses by Wendell Phi.lips,fhty etanton, TsaeathM £ Boss. J liixabet• t i e r Aatotoetts B r a n BlackweU and othars,San Fraccirco marketAn expedition, under tbe auspk*8 or Governor Vega, toftbrought forward again, aad by aa arrangement amsag the parties who are to share to the benefl's of the decision, the old decision Is reversed, snd this feasted claim is satis fled by an extravagant grant from the public treasury Thissystemoicorruptiontoshamelesslyavowedtothe maxim which to loudly proctolmed. "To the rioters be krg the spolto" The meaning of this is, toateaoh newlikely to be under such totiuenoes a ptsafsidelating con- trol over the finances of the country, at the vary moessut when such a budget it introduced, aad when the deftcton ey, too, promisesto be more serious next year than It aaa provedthispresentyear.*T!\££*Jlimm t o * *•*•** ~»»• Aeadaatp «f Mahers oa the 1 Wb instant for San Bias, the object of whichI believeto to cut ofl the supplies from the eonservadoresattepicsadtopreventthesmugglingofspecie Itwascomposed of three vessels (schooners} with about 200men, under the Immediate command of an AmericannamedMorton,wbofiguredtovariouspoatUoasunderthe PresidentoftheUnitedStatestoto>makeawbotosaledisMexican authorities here and la other parts of the western mtosal of pobtte servants, and to fill their Btoces withoutcoast Among the number who accompanied him hare even tbe slightest pretension ^ any retlBreBoato^flt spplicabie sgainst the MB which besaanstow"to•»«half-pastsevenocloekP.M.. Prtumg an* rNftHrhahf ghoiefyBf«e f % « * Axsectalsaa.—la t h e NewSari GSASVILLS said—1 have carefully listened to the three speeches which bave been made thisspeech ef tbe nobis sari who ansaemoderate end philosophical, but itSCXIUT, MAY 18.-^-J mrnalr ffnarHan Society (annual ^•MSjoadwav Tabernacle. Thirty fourth^ » e l h a f pastsevea o'lstockP. M. i MAT 16.Pt**i«*l kadTlBsrg' of Dti«<«era. »^-^t%lSsXw«R TGreea BU! Presbyterian church, to Philadelphia, on the Lake Q»—made such oflbrs s a d held oetsuch Induce mtlltona cf dollars on freightB appears there is a practice oftton to Mexico; to the Presbyterian Board of Publication;to the Pittsburg Conference of the Methodist Sptooopaichurch, to Rev. C. C Carpenter, for distribution on theare out West here hunting a location to raise tbe standardofantiBrigbam,antipolygamy,ks.,andmakearendezvoas for the seceding Mormons aad followers of the prophet Joseph. Learning that some of them were at Flo- vernment. to my knowledge, has given Americans uponbeen eoMtomeCharteru&aBum owned it is defunctToesocii-iywhnubut bey have cot even trie smallest influence over tneacts of tbe govercmect. They are perfectly helpUtt and powerless, and tut whole power, both legis-lative and txr'tttipe, has fallen emclmioely itUo the $<. veto by a tumeric*! majority is far leas than in a hur.es (f th<x~ mtn tM-. do not scrupie to jiUUr loickly peopled coentiy 'ike our own. I have referred to theiiveitpas-umfrjthemd (Hear,bear.) Theefficte thesettiigsbecatireIthinktbeyoughttorenderuscauo: this are seen bo'.h in the executive and va the I cgisla t'ooi how we take s t y steps which may lead to the estab lure I don't intend to dwell upoo the topic, but we ail fipt me nt of rmch a system of government in this country.know in wbat manner ih e relations ot the Ucited States but we d" not need the example of America in order to wiih foreign nations are carried on. EreryboJy is aware e-Dt* > i s tojudge what must be the character of such s of tbe unscrupulous, overbearing ton>- which marks their gcverrn-ent if established here. From t b e speeches iiterccurse with foreign nations. If any one turvpan na wb'ch bave been delivered d>:ring the tost two years toVIMUXAMBOUS.terS t Mary's, Rochet67 OO4121 StJoseph's,Rochee8 60 ter114 82 St Peters, Rochee4 1 6 0 ter1Tbe collection made throughout the bishopric alreadyamcufits lo $4,346 30.The Petersburg, (Va ) Wtarm says that the number of colored people baptized in the river there on Sunday last, was l e g , that tbe whole number who have proved them reives worthy of tbe rile » 368; and that 1,000 colored people have professed religion within the last six weeks.Tbe Hardy county (Ya.) Whig says:—"We have been informed that a settlement of Mormons are located to this county. Very htt=e respecting them and their religion is known. These Mormons reside in the Alleghany Moun" My brethren," said a good old backeoois poacher43 23 200 00givca to a few c.tizecH by the captain, at which tbe Ame ricaa Consul, Mr. Conner, tbe Governor of tbe SUte.kind, and it were proved that he had Itotsasdto Bfora moment, he would not, by the universal Indignation of all parties, in Parliament and out of it, be unvea frees the"wtmtnen can understand. You can find m y text In tb-fiveverees of the two eyed chapter of one eyed Jobc ' in the event ol danger. Bui the poor natives deemed It waa some time before it was perceived that he mean. ai y foreigner's premises more secure than their own, and John I., chapter X would cot listen to a change Jx> they held on to the veryI'm gwine l o preach y o u a plain garment, 'oat evMcan never make it right, »td a 1 ihc banlcrup. laws in tht was forced, from a sense of duty to bis countrymen anddivergence of interests, but the strongest poesible interest cr bote sides to maintain tbe closest friendship, we ha?e at re ttan once been on the eve of a quarrel, and ihzi yreot ralcmtty has cnly bten axoidfd b*cauS! (he govern lueiit (-/ rA« country has had the gotd tente more than mce U>rial thegorernmehtof the Untied Slant muchas UKIhotdd treat :j<.iil (AtUren, and theugh the n^ht u.as Hearty ondom and justice with which power would be exercised if i aced exclusively in the bands of tbat class to whom t* speeches were ad^re-sseoTte Duke of Aiie.v!.. said tf the select committee now moved for were to inquire mta aa the matters my nobleuniverse cantot make it ncbt, for them not to pay tneirdebts. Ibere is a sin lo ibis neglect as clear and a* deservixg of church discipline as tn stealing or lake swearlag. He wbo violates his premise to pay or withholds thepayment ot a debt when it Is in his power to meet his e tfern his unprotected and lowerieea condition, to seek the shelter of tbe British flag, like the subjects •f the wrakeet and most helpless of governments. These th.iiga aid very apt to throw cold water on the love and pa tr-.ctlsm of Americans.Tbe ct. Marys baa been lying at fluey mas for the pastabroad, is the secret ot tte respect which they command The stated meeting of the managers was held at the Tbe deacon went at him rough shod. "Deac'n," said ola in all countrKB, and the key to the success of her c>mTBK AMBBICAM B1BLKSOCIETY .Blacksione, inserting his thumbs into the arm boles of hia htttiutem J(r tA. Band —In .tie Academy of Music at Bille House, Astor place, on Thursday, the 3d instant, at vest, "Deac'n, a man o' m y stan log ortenter be turnedrceraial opt rat one throughout the worldIf an Ecg.ish merchant aenda an it. voice ot merchan legislation. It has rwept away all proection, and has tte*way, is termed across lbs Atlantic "the sneaking bal-Ifc'Tti.ftMiaxPHe-saryofthesocietywillbeheldtoNewTheRev.Dr.KKSBSreadthefortysixthpsalmandCome,deac'n,that'sfair." bouae—thatthebvescfhtsar.<ot*areequallysafe,endwishesaiacontrarytothesupposeinterestsofthatwiththegreatestpossiblealarmanddiem*}tbeinstita-Yort. at the Rearmed Dutch church, Washington square, offered prayer. M»o'cock A MS * / - r r** Fnmdlat— Ladies' meet Dgof the Ameri Tbe preamble and resolutions prepared by the Vice •saEema'e Uuar.'ian Socletv,iB the Heme chapei,No Presidents were received and adopted, in reference to the »I»st Twt tty ninth street, at ten o'clock A. M- aad two death oi the venerable Najah Taylor, one of the members o'e^cx p M. of tbe Board.asMricoa Bm-: Mutwnary Soeitty. —In the Cborob of the Seven n e w auxiliary societies were recognized, of Pnrsast. Ln-oo square, at naif past atvan o'etock P. M which two are to Texas, and one each In Pennsylvania,The Mormc-n faction under the leadership of Joe Smith, Jr., have recently been holding meetings in Illinois, Mis souri and Obi), and have ueteimined to re establish tnem selves at K-tHand Lake county. Ohio, wnere, not many years since, three thousand ot that sect oongregatod and erected a msgniflcer t temple. This temple is to be refitted in gorgeous siyle. Kirtland Is a village pleasantly located on a branch of tbe Chagrin r,ver. smith is already on the/ground,andthecowchurchwillbetofullblastintofew- weeks. Tbe re establishment of Mormonis n there on an extensive scale is said to have caused much excitement ameng the rural population.Oar .Vtliraika CorrespomdeBce. OMAHA Crrv, N. T., April 26,1860.tret hia business will not sutler trom local revolutions landtc irihtt cracy which is said to possess undue power ticn ot universal suffrage, esptctaily If accompanied by or molestation*, from local authorities Can an American in Parliament, and to abuse it for the oppretaion vt tbe the ballot I believe tbev are two grest instrumentsof say as much as tttisr I fear not; though this Ssnot my natun. Conyrtts, on the contrary, has inairuaiuedthenor- modem despotam. most hoelie to the liberties of man- subject. Ihe Loaado people, as I have said, remained at touett >$sf<m of ertAoded protecti:n: (beer, hear); end et kind Isee them used all over Europe, onmrtimes to ca-nhio, Illinois, Wisconsin and Kansas.letters were read from Rev. Mr. Thompson, society'swen««*u Tbi 'iipe and Theodore TillDnJf*a York Stau GoiomiMOtiim Sotuty —The Twenty- (taiributiens beyond the RioGrande; from Rev. L S. Jaco-Ki eerie, colleciitg their forces, and preparing for a deter- mined assault upon our city, wncn at last they received information of the capture or reported recapture of Colima by the liberals, end immediately made hasty tracks for Tepic, which is alto threatened by a force from this placethis moment the revenue laws ot the United States are ofeuoh a oharacter mat no man who has the slightest pretorsion to a knowledge, of the subject, can doubtthat they impose a great and reedless bur lightened and more independent than themselves (Bear, dea en tbe m as' ojk tbe community for hear) Bat I repod tote altogether the lesson read us byagent for Mexico, informing of Improved prospects for Bibletbe benefit of a few. (Hear; bear.) But worse thanthis, tbe system baa led to corruption on the most giganticrca.e Tms is univers*>'y admitted a n d deplored. JSotone party, not one set of men atone art affected by it, busall alike The facts bave been ascertained beyond ailpossibility of a doubt, and have been set in the clearestlight by one of the highest authorities to which I wouldventure to appeal—that of the President himself In a let-ter dated feotuary 28,1869, Mr. Buchanan speaks of "theGueymes, but her captain determined to remain and see disastrous influence abich excessive snd lavish expend! pocdeiBBjce of the lower order of votera. ftrt Is that it out. He sent his marines to tbe British Consulate, and ture msy exert on the cbarastor oi our free institutions," warning Wholly to be thrown ewey T (Bear, hear.) Have and he goes on to say —Jotefh Smith Jr., the New Jfcrmoh Prophet in the We*— iaw.con BtMe Society -Bosiaees meeting, Bible House, to print sn edition of twenty thousand copiesof the Reval A Split in the Mmmm Church— Wettem lama and AYat a»« o ctocx A M. Anniversary exercises to the Aoa- Ksthenian Testament and Psalms; from Rev. Dr.«*S«T cf Mas c at tea o clock A. M. Srbaoffler, Constantinople, and Rev. Mr. Bergne, ICorres Lraika Btcomwg Partially Depopulated—the Gold Kx had all bis boats ready for a landing should a larger forcewe not those among us, exercising great iaBtienoe over thisverytowclassofvoters,whoseboastisthattheyde ere to Americarire our institutions r (Cheers ) Bave w eA a'rong leaden*y towards extravagance is the great poiid- not too much sanction given byttigb authority, as con- cal evil of tbe present cay. Mosey from the national treasury nected with the budget and prospective flBaace, to the istois'antlydemandedtoemtencontractors,speculatorsand nottonthatthepresenttoxatioapressestoobeevltywpo».AwmtaHend Fbrtifm BAUSociety(Baptist).-toOal pendingSecretaryeftheBritish sadForeign BibleSo- »ry Baj. t «i church, west Twenty third street- Baaxaass ciety, propostrg a anion of the two societies for the revi- •eetag at ten o'clock A. M. Anniversary exercises al sion of the Tirkish Scriptures.Jhtse o'dick P M. Tbe Hoa Isaac Davis, of Massachnsatts; Grants of hooks were made to the Galveston Bible So-rtfetttenfIncreasing—GeneralA'evss,4c beseeded.Matters are now quieted down, and business is graouFor some days past the people of this portion of the ally recovering, but the troubles about Durango and Far West have been considerably interested to the move- Chihuahua will repress the activity usual at this season otBteRev.Dr.O.W. 8ampeon,ofWasbiagtoo;the Rer. ciety,toTexas; toMr.Thompson,forsaleanddtstrtbu mentsofJosephSmith,Jr..andhisspecialadvisers,who theyear.the lower classes and too lightly upon the btober t (Hear^ hear) Have we not heard rejoicing at the anticipated successoftbebudget, entbeT»x>un£that UTweaeedto make any effort at any future time, either for defence or tocarryCB a wer,theexpenae atari < ^ ^ Cherts*rence (somesixmilesabovehere),yesterdayyourcor- CalnomieImportsmorethensixtypersent.respondent visited them to take notes. Florence is the This encouragement to tbe California dealers end smalldealers is destineo to work out a complete revolution in original whiter quarters of the Mormon colony just prior tbe meaner of doing business heretofore observed, aadThe rtceipia for April ware $38 376 Tl; the issues 68,493 to their first migration to Salt Lake to tbe year 1847. At eventually throw the whole trade of the country into thevolumes.ORDINATIONMr. W. W . Livingstone was ordained to the work of theministry to Burlington, Vt, on the 24th utt. IKVTTATI0N8.Rev. Joseph Torrey. Jr., a son of Professor Torrey, of Burlington, has accepted t b e call recently extended t oever)pretenes. biirtvofraisingscfttetoatsemebydirecttavsrwfar Be adverts to this letter tofone of the mostsxtrsordloaryof Worship, Thirty fifth street, 1»sadLextogtrnavenass,ateight ";P.M.X\ hmbythe-CongregationalchurcainBerwicktobecomeky the Rer W m B Haydea, of 1 TBtaaB^fer the Dtaf and D*>nb —.at the Academy of Mastc, at four t'clock P taouT, MAT11.tteir pastor, and will commence bis Uoors the first Sun dayt o May.Rev. Sumner Ellis, of East Brighton, Mass. (formerly pastor of the Universallst Society to Seism), has received anJ accepted a call to settle with the First Uaiversalist SocietylaLynn,andwillenter upon nilpastoralduties the 1st of Juae.ief the BsBond Catia-to warvs the usual six months' sr to avail him elf of aly.end being a remembered point amoDgst the Mormonworld, It heeane an outfitting and resting point for theAmericans are prone to take to tbe family quarrela of these peopleoompromises,fesrfully the lives sad property ottoeir countrymen who desire to pursue a legitimateclaims on the party which has brought htm loto power. StiTmorerenmrtahto at. tbeaets « O M W < « « i « * by direct pecuniary eierroptton. («••*' *m*± ""*titesideof toe House whfch I can hardly thtok likely to have much effect One of the dtosahrcaa ewequences which we ej* toldjwtu foUow, if we tower the franchise tooisno'PH.l«/ Ommtmkmenoonttooedto the MfaithfulfromtheOldWorldenroutefortheValleyofSalt catting Theopposite part*,when to power,tosureto caseof thiskmd-arailwaycase attracted muchattorn- much,Istbatthefegtototarewltthaveresjoursetoprotecfor MortignLake. Tbe place now is like Goldsmith's Deserted Village,retaliate and revenge iteelt upon unoffending Americans Bsr Britannic Majesty* steam frigate Pytedes, whichtloatwoveanago," * J ^ " " ! ^ ^ ^ 5 _ f _Uvedattos. 1 do not behave that If we went much lowertheatoproiwsedsacfawcaM betjaeresult bntitis asto-gutor argument to address to s party who have only veryrecently been converted to the dc<*rtnes of free trade 1reortt, a l t s , w e arra strewn attack made by the noble eart FWBBJB—IB—| W**BB*J>|l*SBSBBJ • * * • BBBW • S BJS •»—•»*——» ' T - . * - • —• mef America, ami am afraid that OTVttPf ^F§aW tjW flttsiMiywsfatsThAews As 1mr~*—' f (he Upper HouseTiriTALLATION. R o o W Mand the principal proprietors, immediately uponfindingthat*fesaHy, dedicated to tbe children of nis church.Rev Dr. Cuahman, pastor of the First Baptist church of Neb*aska and Iowa will be to the mines by tail. The Wh«aretlreBfpiefi«»Uthel*ne*ltls«Cnlt»>4 Utosuearsdtog Bouse, (Bear bear.) That Mtbe sort efwhich coulo be rawedin considering ereform bill wasthatwhub related tome number of persons voting to counties snd boroughs; and it was most desirable that theyshould know, with something like certainty, what propor- councils of the State. (Cheers ) Bat the letter to which PlacMto Yegg*end others, were present. Tbe Governor, tion would be adced by tbe bill to the existing coBSUtu 1 have referred bore this endorsement —'The enclosedwho claims to have had a direct revelation from Heavenwiihregardtohismission,isamanbythenameof mors substantial indications of a festival attracted torsforthegreattownofNewYork;andtheexpression sequent;ytheyarefeoktogforwardtoreelection,andInused by the writer waa, 1think, that tbe body of the inhabitants have as little real choice as the person wbo isasked by a conjuror to draw a card from a pack, wbo ofnect st ty draws tbe card taat the conjuror Lias determinedbelor. hand. (Cheers ) That it tbe account given by an they would not bear to have the desires aid peaatons of Americancitizenoftheeffectproducedinthatcountryby thehourcheckedbyafirmaoministrationofthetow.Itis the extreme multiplication of the number of electors. And stated in American newspapers, and the etidemct is con therelore it seems to me a subject welt worthy your lord firmed ly thatoj impartial observers, that the laws in thatships'consideration,beforewedetermineverylargelyto 'oxintryarenowbecomemerectA/web*toresisteithertherich ri.citipiyfftnenumberofelectors,thatweabailendeavor,ertheprpularfeelingtfthememtnt.Whiletherich,andss far as we can, to obtain information as to the real prac tbe upper etoscei s i e excluded from any legitimate irfto- tical working of elections carried on by very numerous ence in the government of the country, the IIIsglltoastsslab, nine feet in length by four in width; total height, plceton ot the gun. He wee ramming home tne charge to make to the state of things which I bave just de tbat rich men have little to fear from the tow to a ma- four feet It is ornamented with appropriate Inscriptions when the explosion took place, which threw him twenty scribed: we ought to know whether an extension of tbe jority of tbe States of tbe Union. How it acta when any and devices, relieved in the panels. On the left end the feet into the water, and but for the gaiitatry of a colored franchise is bkely to conduce to the better discharge popular fee'ing is involve 1 will be beat un ierstood from aof the important trust of returning members to short statement which 1beg leave to make to year lord l-arhament * * • • • • ships Since 1686 there had been axed aquarai eetablahment lb a particular district Its removal•.BLUoctact N<a. 4,117,1^,143,161, 207. "Evidences Necessary to Prove Endless Punishment" went early to church. He selected a seat In a convenient caused some ten or twelve daj s slice by the report of Bmadwav tabernacle, Sath aveaoe, Thirty fourth This subject will be considered by Rev Moses Balluu, at blip, and awaited patiently the assembling of the oongre the approach ol a band of indiais under the command ofwill take place to their chapel, ou Broadway, entrance to Thirty fourth street, today, at half past ten A. M. and half past seven P . M. Subject to the evening—''John Calvte."In the First Independent Society, hall southeast corner of Broadway and Twentieth street, at half-past seven P.M.,Rev GeorgeF.Noyeswilldeliverthesecond ofa series of doctrinal discourse i. Subject—" Natural Beddesired. It was very obnoxious, aat, as theLOOId not get it legally removed, the cntrse they toon was to assemble and burn it down. (laughter ) TheirIt.- {-, .- Caaover NuB 1,16,63,74,88.120.So*thBaptittchurch,Tweatynthstreet—Committee:gionandUnnaturalTheology" StateofAlabama,cam.toTcscaioo,andontheSaobathOitrciiyissullsufferingfromthe,Gectsofapanicc-cne'itutiensoftheseveralStateswerefoundedonsimilarburnitdown.(Laughter)ThisathemannertowhichStreet—3t>mn:Ue« 3 . Bolmcs. N o t 3, 64, 67, 66,106, 141, 3i»7,211. w ,. ^ _Fortv aecond strtet PrtsbvteTiaa church —tjommittee : JC taTier N.»61^7,166,Mi.197,202FVUsih itmt Pr»sbyterian church, near E'ghth evenne. —Ceaamittt-e i. W SMdeia Noa. 31,76,82,99,108, If5The tittrme wilt commenoe at the places designated at hasf-aasl two e'etoefc. P. M. .precisely. Supenntenddots wiU see that their achoo'sare ;n their piic«a, and seated at least ttfuxa atoutes before the exerciaea commence, and it Is •t i .c.alJv reqatste J thai sapoi Jit- ndente and teachers cau- tktb 'J*e a.hoiars agalost banttlifg the boAa, or injurtog tbaanutn/B of the pews. In order to avoid onusjoaaad t»f, tvett ta*«nvea etc* and del»y, Jie sevoral schools are n^a,i.<d.uiil are expected to occupy th e places abort assigced i t e m , »ad schools omitted in the above programme will >e aosommodated on appltcatim a\ the Depoe.tor r, 699 Broadway •The places cf meetnj above desilgnated will be In efcarse of Oi« C-jxmittee of Arrangements assrgned togation. Tbe services commenced. Presently the music the bloodthirsty Loeaao. I h e dut.es which are paiapr ncrpks lint almost every cheel then raued has been i*ifthenuiifiusuntaimajorityhasUenestablished,boththereianUnooouU,intkepehceofNewYorkthatmakeB.eecXer Mrret Itiversalia: church, corner of DowningintheJtderal atrd theStatepovernm*nts Mylords,1be- t*feat.dprojirty unsafeinmanyfarts fthaiyrta' commer- la ve si tbe contemporaries ot Washington had been asked cial mttrepolis. I refer only to known facto, which stand whether they would abandon the aystem they had eatab on clear official statements, end which cannot be deniedstreet, this evening, at half-paat saves o'clock. service at half part ten o'clock.Morningirto the Bute treasnry upon the cargoes which usually arrive from Europe at tha reason ol in* year have ex cited the cupidity of this rapacious Indian, whoie sole ob-In the Freccb Protestant Episcopal church do S t Esprit, corner of Franklin and Church streets, divine services this morning, at half past ten o'clock, by Rev. A. Verrta.the alip he motioned to give place to the ,ady. Tbe move- ment ihe countryman did not comprehend, and from the situation of the: gentleman and lady, associated as it was in his mind with the music, he immediately conciaded that a cotillon, or a French i. ntra dance, or some other dance, waa intended Rrmg partly from hi* seat, he said: " Excuse me, air—excuse me, if you please, I don'tanswered tuanimously, " We witifnot try s o dangerous anexperiment ' Bulit baatakenplace,nevertbeless,and bo»?By asurcfefcioEorchaBfeeatiirsieppereutly inconsiderablein themselves, but ell leading byagraanai, steady and certain progression to that reru.it w.v.c > we now see. And Bet 1believe that seventy years ago these feelings were bow bad thai change worked for the happiness and w e a - <,uite ae strong in Alberto* a s they- now e r e in England, beiLg ol tbe United State)-v In bringing th:s part of the sub and 1beg to remind yoar lordsnips that when yon oose jett sicer your attention 1 wiab to say nothing which < an estabitth the irresponsible power of a mere numerical wound the ft* 1 ngs of a people for whom, ieoivtduaily, I majority ot a catin, they are led on insensibly from eitettam the highest respect end adnuretion; but it would one ster to another, until tbe consequenceto the establish be (Btoe oelieacy ut eaa to abstain (rum describing tne evils ment of »uch a ty ranny aa I have now been deserib wb.cb DCW alhict that kindred cation, and »Li ;a the baet ing. (Cheers.) I believe that this experiment of a a sA plain, unlettered man, from toe back country, in thelarge numbers of the poorer people and hangers-on ab>a the doors and entrance to the Consulate. Here was aJsc exhibited on the part ot the city authorities that quiet and delicate attention, such as these people only can beato* wbeh they cfcoo e. A posse of police had been statioued by order of the prefect, outside and in the hall, to pre aervs<rderamongthelookerson.seme States they are elected annually, aad their ss'artes arc granted annually by the Assembly. This has erieeo, because when tbe undisputed aommioo of a numerical majority of tb e nation h a t beea easabitobed,of a full toned organ burst upon bis astonished ear; hehad never heard one before. At the same time the genUeman who owned the slip came up the aisle, with hislady leauirg upen his arm. As he approached the door of ject to marching cpen Mezetien is the possession of the 1shed for the one that has replaced it, they would bave or doubted. (Che:-•».) Perhaps I shall be told that thereCustom Bouse.Advices reached us to tbe effect that he left Tepic onthe ath itstart with upwards of 2.000 men, wah tbe avowed purpose of tack-tig and plundering the people. This announcement was immediately followed by anotner n ion. staung that Loaado had entered the village of KACUnaj a, and after having countitled the moat br utal acts of violence, ana having p-.t to death eighty women and children,sacked and burnt the town. He is next heard f o n at Rosario. a small town ninety miles daunt,'-Salvation possible only through Chriat." This will be cbuich. The form of worship is very much ::ke -.he Pre* where he encamp* d with his men on the ICttt, aad whereIn the Memorial church, Hammond street, corner ofWaverley place, the Rev. Dr. Vinton, an assistant minis-ter of Tr'n.ly cbcrth, will preach this evening, the fourth dance." anniversary of the opening of the church. Services athalf past tec, half past three and half pastseveo o'clock.tte supje-et tf dlroonrse, introiuctory to the communion, this aft*-rnoon, at the Twentieth street Unlversalist church, between Sixth snd Seventh avenues, Rev. E G. Brookswe learn he m ended recruiting, and to await a body ofA correspondent says —I once spent a Sun lay at Lyons. on my way to Italy. I atunded the French Proteetan!bjterian, and tbe minister, after preaching for about fifteen minutes, stopped rather abruptly, pronounced a word wbiib I lock to be " alien," ami sat down Imdiedi ately t h e whole coEgregaiion, which had hitherto been extremely quiet and attentive, appeared to be seized witnrrerica) majority has been tried to America, under ctrcum s'acces oftorlets danger than it would betothe country and I refer your lordships to an admirable letter which recallsforocrinstructiontheopinionformed onthtosub- ject by a moat dtstingaMhed m ac, s great historian andSLU mest exl'g t-tei t-d of their own citizens ere the first to four hundred who tied taken a diflerent n-ad. Here he aomtt end deploie 1 will endeavor, tn»n, shortly to point remained for some days, duiitg which time the rut to your lordships what is tbe state of things now exist-greatest alarm and consternation prevailed among a classes of cur community Stores were cioeed, bouses abandoned, and every branch oi basinect suspended— lamihes hud left their homes with tteir Utile laluab'.es and sought shelter by the hundred, unaet the roofs and in ihe yards and patois of the various foreign Consulates The bouse of the American Consul waa filled to overflowing with men, wnaien and children, reerly all catives of the place Aware of the hostility of I.«*do— wbo is LOW a leaotng censervador and regularly in the service ot that party—to Americans, tbe Consul deemed it prudent to seek the protection of tbe British Consul, to whose house be recommended his country menOne ot the religious papers has the following strong re coubtui protection of the Amencan Hag. Amen tun were to act in the tcme manner it could not escape wot various audiences tbrougbont the country by a gentleman marks on the subject ot religious men repudiatnj their cats and otb.r iore:gners. hewever, knew better It was (,;i. nnrjU yecjr We ourselves bave repeatedly been on cf great energy and taiect— I mean Mr Bright—we may just debts: ' M'.n may sophisticate as they pUaen Tney a humiliating position for the Americans, whose Consul th* verge of a quarrel with tbe United States' With no form some coscerticn of tbe degree of moderation, wisthe law is now expounded in one of the States of tbe iutpt an ay, ova a <ytt»m of the altogether unchecked domtn- U ; c Isay ruthvng of iht*e abuses, of which I am afrasdcountrymen at bom - or abroad The British vessels,co the contrary, are alw*}8 on hand, ready and tie scenes of actual violei.ee which occur, and the total tbOMld regard with unmitigated cemmtoteration the un-tends over ail her subjects, high and low, at home andthat time there were about 7,000of a population. Thewinter of 1847 was aa unfortunate one for tba Mormons;death came among them and carried them off by scores.Immediatelyuponthecommencement ofemigrationtoSalt Lake, to the spring of 1848, winter quarters becamedeserted, and it was not until about 1864, wbea under(Seattle regime t h e place—then totally deserted—was r e -vived, sad became one of the prominent town sites ofNebraska. For a time It increased to population amazing are some ten or filteen Americans The active part which nets of tfas asw hoWsrs, ^ l » ^ 5 ^ » ^ , r * ^ ^ t o J ^ f There was oae argument which he addressed to the oppo-cfe of the ttmt.y- , * ZX*!L h « • installed pastor of the Jos. Smith, Jr., was seeking a iooattoo^ppoaltioo to Salt aleft here on the 6th mst ,1am assured, took two and a srent&f peSlto toa«t« to some of the Western States£9ut uM.meats as brought the matter to an understandtog,so it to d, aad Florence becomes the rendezvous of the folA great portion of this fir the purpose ef eBoaaisgtog raitweya translerrcd from the Ameibyst, much to the disap-petsjMseat ol Cast, GreafsU, whose perquisites were thus ttunedfrom Cosgress to the manner I have t••awv <wVili well7, whtoa totter h e is a brother of the tuts churchbeautiful l a the known to taedeno- of a n excellent tan o r twelvehat thatof the Uahed 8assuccessfullytotrodaetdintothedepopulatingthetown*ofWesterstownsadNebraska,Oofofier notified,grosssua p« down,for"vtfWtoTi' -tfJM isJobaysgoatomattrUlly reduoed. Tbe captain is a gaUent fellow, towhose kindness we Americans here are gTestrj indebtedWe do not forget bis offer of protection or his brilliantfeat to cutting out, from under the guns of tbe fart, theAustrian brig Ivteh, at the request of the AmertoanConValleythatJosephSmith.Jr.,hasbecomethebeadof •M| TJasssssesjsBntoaaotoofkindness,forwhichwe smoeatof£H,000,lasumsvarytogfrom£2,000to£*,«« feel grateful, sad of course regret to hear thet he haisuf each; sixty members of the House received sums varyingof the new Prophet Joseph, Jr.. In the 1 are to leave for Salt Lake, and aex elder informs m e that so soon as it is known in thesaohs const fromtheiI D S AASSV* w * I r^smalCa a ImevJ H w»»* ^•••••a^a^B* *^BBS >••• a s w u * aaadswUI fleck to his standard. Many and often have QtxTtjgSm%Bw$nB^STWIsjsmBsleBSsBVVe> Jsma,^sss^s^vs^sivaim a^^asw a^^^mw wa# v*TMm*js to immigrate there and head the Chareh, but he pre fors tortart the affair farther East than there, aad outside the nnhaeka? Influence of Brigham.Untitled Documentfiosn £l,cCOto«a,iM)0each, and only four members votedre n o ^ t e C a X C r ^ i n ' t h e 7th tot from for tbe bill without pay. (Laughter.) Tbe Governor of to^hfcouBuy.^ £w£ni»te^aBWa£ £TbeStMaryswasstillatGuaymas,andevery tbeStatereceivedforhissharetopassingthebill eares of the to- referred to thequist'-•OCTODBowmm -The body of sn unknown man was yesterday morning found floating to the East river, and£10,0(0—the goversmentto cairtsdoa economically there, snd the salaries are small—his Private Secretary got £i,W,iheItorisnMtGwvars*rgm£*v0t»,ttmOool the Bank £2,C00, aad the Clerks ta the House rromEJ£pVoa oy which railway hills had( Z s f S Stotss; but/ssaaA wid ear earn eerte legwa Hon*nsuchmatterswasnota*tnttretypttremdfree from rrmr&h sum justly mms*ribuH,y the kric^m Ameri- go solely to the democraUi chttraler of She governmentJAJU Gjgx-My BObto fttoad. who spoM MM ^precate4al>scT>ct of all attempts to promote the welfare of the natt n happy let tif the members cusen to serve upon the com- by ti.hyhterted legislation. L et me point out to your lord mittee • * * My noble friend occapted the attention i-hipe just one remarkable contrast between Congress and ol the House for nearly en boor wi h very interesting de-prompt to act for the aumbleet of her Majesty s subjects,.\opalevtriEg— no four the* cr threats Whet they doitoey perform well, but never go off ha'f c o . - ; . Thenutating protection wb rb the BriMeh government ex tte Bntsh Parliament. In Parliament, to wtixh so mub tails of tbe 'tegenetacy cf the American democracyor.jection is made, as net being sufficiently popular, public Now, if any bill bad been introduced tote Parliament by opinion, aided by tbe efforts of enlightened educated men, any government propceicg to lower the franchise in this has been ttrotg enough to enforce the application o ronitry as it has been lowered in America, or proposirg t('iiio political science In our financial and commercial a eystem cf universe! ectfrage and the ballot—which, bycite to Mexico or lo I'aingoti*. he is confident that he h i s placed our revenue lawa on a system which is admitted lot'—then I should willingly receive the lecture of my ihe piotectioc oi his government, and that his property is to be, on ihe whole, wise sni just But while public opi- neble friend as a grave argument against oar measure I just s s secure to htm as thovgh it were in his own ware- Lkn has been able to do 'bis in England, contrary to tbe have no hesitation, my lords, in saying tbat I should viewsad *hen obtsised, are used very much to Urn same meaner by the Lagtotstures of todtvhtual Stotsa. A parti cuiar railway in Wtoconatn owatoed agraatef toad b y wbotesale tiarohasB of the wbots gs i iiasaiat of tfes Sksto. Thiiteen members of the Seaato reomved bonds to thetreeled farce, tbe result was e decision that, asit< no danger of our coming to such s stale of things s s this, that the reverence c-f Englishmen fortow and jestioe, aad their desire to see it fairly administered, are ao great that they will never for a moment follow such an evil example.jole sometimes to terrify, the poorest aad most unin- structed of men into s surrender, not merely of their own liberties, but of the liberties of others, who ars more en- aJaoof the '•Bsrvtoe of those geM regions of Western Kansas and Nebraska are was taken to tne foot of Sackett street, Brooklyn, sad the £l,0t(i to £S,000eacb. (Laughter) Then there is aThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•www.fultonhistory.com 