 NEW YORK HERALD.J A M B S Q O R D O f l R l f S I T T , MtfTOflANDPiiUPRlBIUB.needs the services of itsbest men. Insteadof [ panfs, perhaps, in going forever front bisPlymouth Bock and bis big elm trees, that now the «»?»* liand, and they wfll torn theirMe*v**t H J J I ty (At K i i U a r fuM'tyt Ai<V>t f ate* »ffl ft* af fatTO*- 0A1BX 0KRALI>,*Krtr*t*prre»vyftp*rtm**m. TUB WEKMXY llXttALD, terry iiUmrZmy;* tit mnUmtr asp*, or %%pm amnmm, «U Mmnpmm JMMoa ttrr* W«*wiiiy,the breasts of these negro philanthropists. with the hide." Instead of yielding anT revenue Indeed, some of them, seeing the utter inconsis- to pay the old debts for which U>ey aremr ti to M.u part <y (*r CtmHmrM, hotn U, iriHmle purtagr; tk* pJ^Wwto/jftin — <*««<* — 4 SKA 0/ «K*aima u<« x cenfc Mr nwat i r l l M r ' amntMIMoiuii a—om. ourittA.———-^ «NEWARK THE4TRE. Rework -WOOD'S Miaaraaxs in BTHioniH Soaas, PAVCCS, Bo.—Maw T i u CJAJUA.Wew York, 9, 1860. MAILS FOR EUBOPE.Mew York Herald-Kdlttoa for -Estrike so serious a blow at the moral power of there my home shall be/' Helper follows soon is occasioning, we are ready to massacre each.»••never emerged from barbarism. If the power for the peace of oar Jerusalem ? Will a bloody permit the construction of a railroad in any of to wield our own physical and political strength social war remove slavery?—will the cut- the streets or avenues, if it commences and is freedom, if the absence of restraint ting of throats and the ravishing of ends in tbe city. The plan, therefore, of the is the highest gift to man, then why the wives and daughters of our Southern operators is to saythatthe road will commence have not these negroes with such privileges be- neighbors give any relief to our country, or in Westchester county, and thus evade the law.The Canard mail steamship Canada, Captain Lang, will leave Boston on Wednesday for Liverpool.The European mails will cioae In this city to-morrow a f teraooo, at ban* past one o'clock, to go by railroad, and at fchreeo'clock,togobysteamboat.Tbe KUBOTBAX Enmo« or nut HEBALD will be published at tea o'clock in taw morning. Single cop** in wrappers six cents. ;Subscriptions and advertisements far any edition of theNrw Y oaa B a u u will be receired a t the following placesIn Kwope —LosDOti .. Sampson low, Svm * Co , 47 I.odgate mil. Lansing. Surr ft Cx, 74 King William street.P AIS TAostag, Baldwin ft Co., 8 place de la Boors*. LiVBWoot-. 1 musing, Starr ft Go., No. 9 Chapel street.R. Stuart, 10 Exchange street), East. Eim Lansing,BaldwinftCo., 21rueCornellle. H.tMBr«a..DeChapeaurongeftCo.The oont—ti of tbe EuaormAK Eomos or ran SBXALD will combine tbe news received by mail and telegraph at the office during the previous week and up to the hoar of pubUostioa.Ithe morrow of peace the domination she exer- cised on the eve of defeatTheNews.By the arrival of the Arabia yesterday evening,been quite numerous, and the John Brown sermons have positionofEurope generally, wecannot beenpreachedfromadozenormorepulpits,someofthem declaring tbe gallows upon which he was hung as sacredplainlyindicateservilelaborandprotection futureattemptssuch ashavebeenmade Message of GovernorLetcher, of Fir-Important from Furope—Virtual Settle- meter and down went the barometer. The ment of the Italian Question. snow began to melt, the streets were ankletry Is now In such a condition that iteepecialljt p'ime source of corruption aad plunderto(^ptrtfbpmr. TheiwfttWionwB haveCatholicism, or, as a liberal nation, couldnotafter, counselling the most violent courses, and other?This race is one marked by the hand of Godwith peculiarities which render it totally un-able to assume or maintain any national charac-compel a people to submit to a government sixty-eight republican members of Congress, which their will rejects; nor will France allow including John Sherman, the present republi- Austria to restore it by force of arms. France, can candidate for Speaker, sign a circular having run the risk of a great war, gained four recommending the book, and urging their par- victories,andlost50,000men,cannotconsent tisanstocontributemoneyforitswidecircula- to the reinaugaration o f Austrian domination tion. John Brown follows the practice endors- in Italy, and cannot permit her to resume onter. In their native land, where these negroesinjoyfreedominitswidestsense,theyhave abstractionsandsophismsanddosomethingJdeclaresthattheCommonCouncilshallnotRussiahadeffectedtheconquestoftheCaucasus, proachingCongress,thetermsuponwhichthe chinery,harnessandimplementsproducedin and the-great war, which had endured there forWashingtonthismorningwillinformourreaders of the present position of the faction* and the dif-Itisaboldandcomprehensiveidea,worthy of France, and creditable to the sagacity of therarely full, and the attendance of the scholars is uncertain and temporary.extent does this feeling operate at the present House of Representatives. Despatches from our Emperor. It is just such a solution of the Pa- time, that our hotels and merchants alreadyferent ideasproposed for the orgeaization of theMinister to China, Mr. Ward, received at the De. these columns; and it is the only one by whichfeel sensibly the absence of the usual Southernruption and public plunder, and political ras- unite in tbe application proposed to be made to Congress in pursuance of the provisions of this article. At a general convention held by them a few cality of the deepest dye. The harpies, those If the free States fail or refuse to unite in the applica-years since in Philadelphia, it was ascertained foul and ill-omened birds of prey, may be seen tion, it will furnish conclusive evidence of a determioatioa thatout ofa considerable number whohad hovering andcircling andfiguringin dusky on their part to keep up agitation. If tbeConvention learned mechanical pursuits, butavery limited flight about the Capitol at seven o'clock P.M., meet, and tbe question cannot be satisfactorily adjustedpartment of State, say that the Chinese were car- ryingoutthe provisionsofthenewtreatybypay- ing all the claims presented. Mr. Preston,our Minister to Spain, writes to the Department that the panding difficulties with that government were inafairwayofanamicableadjustment.Governor Letcher, of Virginia, m his messageto the Legislature of that State, on Saturday last,purchasers who come to buy goods for therecommendsthataConventionofalltheStatesin theminorquestions which maycome beforetheUnionbecalledtosettlethequestionofsla- them;forItaly,andthePope'sanomalouspo-rery, which is at present distracting the country. sition as prince and pastor—in one capacityHe also recommends the fostering of direct tradeWith Europe, encouraging manufactures, the me- guiding the souls of millions of men, and in thechanicarts,andthecompletionofthepublicworks otherattempting to governadisaffected peo-of theState. ple by the aid of foreign bayonets—has long Inanothercolumnwillbefoundareportofa beenthechiefdifficultyinEuropeandiplomacy.tional repeal. This controversy has now reached a classedundertwogeneralbeads,andthese pointwhichdemandsaspeedysettlementIftheUnionis sub-divided each into two heads more. to be preserved. Virginia is prepared to do all that First, the "measures of the lobby, and honor, patriotism and duty enjoins towards its preserva-meeting of the members of Mr. Beecners church, in Brooklyn, on Friday evening last, when the gen- tlemen amused themselves in abasing one another, and in endeavoring to starve out aati-slavery asso- ciations because they are not as anti-slavery as they think they should be. The warfare is to be re- sumed to-morrow night, when there will doubtless be pretty sharp firing.Much annoyance is experienced by merchants andothersbythecontinuedfailareoftheSouthern mails. SixfromNewOrleansarenowdue.vention which those of Connecticut have called race and its characteristics.Tax CONTEST ABOCT THE BROORLTX FERRY to meet at Meriden, in that State, on the 18th Now what is freedom, that cabalistic wordpoliticians are the Personal Liberty bill and perfect freedom of voting for all negroes, with- out regard to the property qualification which now exists—measures to which tbe event at Harper's Ferry and the series of events which have followed in its train will lead amoretary Institute be enlarged. H e also recommends the fos- teriDg of direct trade with Europe, manufactures and the mechanic arts, and tbe completion of tbe interna'im- provementB of tbe State.Philadelphia I Unas. yuiLADKLmiA, Jan. 3,1840The friends of John Winans say that the remains re- cently found in the cellar oi tbe Blockley Alauhouse were undoubtedly his, having been identified by marks of tre - Ianing on tbe skuU. and laainuatc that the personin Bellevue Hospital, claiming to be Wiaans, is aa iat-WlUTfare,orineaseoftheirdecliningtoacceptthat South?andwhyshouldwebethesufferersby restraintuponaclasstooignorant toexercise and was successful. Butthetimes have HAS BBOO^ » TO A T M i r a c TIL*- condition to put uptbe leases separately,the their Intrigues for office and the spoils?" The •elf control, brought into this condition by a changed since then. The leaders ofCoroner's Office.FATAI BKSTLT or a STABBI.NG Amur.—Information was received at tbe Coroner's office yesterday that Thomas Clare, a native of Ireland, aged 28 years, had died at tbe New York Hospital from the effect* of a stab in tbe thigh received at tbe bands of John Howe early on Thursday evening. Coroner Schirtner proceeded to investigate t b e case, when the following facts were elicited:—about nine o'clock on Thursday evening deceased a n d Howe g o t into a quarrel at tbe corner of Centre and Leonard streets, whenHowedrewadirkknifeaadsubbedhisadversarypal problem as w e have urged long ago inthetroublesomequestionoftheunitedspiritual springtrade,andthereis awellfoundedcon-and temporal sovereignty of the Supreme Pon- tiff could b e finally settled.viction that the sale ofgoods usual in the now opening season for the Southern markets will be much smaller than it has been for manyportion cared to practise them. It is quite un- necessarytorefertotheir position andcareer in St. Domingo, or Jamaica, or Venezuela, but one curious fact may be stated in relation toFrench island of Martinique, that the beau- tifultowns,dwellingsandpublicworksformer- ly existing there under the French dominione now in ruins, while the colored populationready to pounce with their filthy talons on the people'smoneyintheStateTreasury.The various matters to be brought before theit will furnish evidence equally conclusive. He also sug gests that a commission of two of our most experienced statesmen be appointed to visit tbe Legislatures of those States which have passed laws to obstruct tbe execution of the Fugitive Slave act aadThe adjustment of Italian affairs being thusarrivedat,asweconceiveitisbythepublica- vears. This conviction is EOpressing, thattion of this Important pamphlet, the European Congress will have little difficulty in arrangingmany of our merchants have got up circulars, and sent them through the South, showing theirsoundnessonthequestionoftheday,and rejectingallaffiliationwiththeblackrepubli- can theories of Seward, the counsels of Helper* the endorsement of Sherman, and the practiceLegislature have already been enumerated inthe HERALD; but the principal may be now insist, in tbe name of Virginia, upon their uncondi-NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, JANUARY 9, jBBg.The Arabia arrived yesterday, bringing deep with slosh and salt and diet all mixed in that, we find at Washington a set of small poli- give a shade but ben? no fruit posittontofOwdaWS*0**- Theoanalsareto b ethreedayslaternewsfromEurope,themost onenastymess,andthetribulationsofpedes- ticianssquabblingoverprospectivespoils.Themoralevilofslavery,placeitinwhat eitherenlargedor«<»**»'*tof•**dilli'»lightweplease,isatleastone notdestructiveoflife,noroccasioningdestitutionoffood, widefieldfornanaerousjo*!*?<***T«•tobe9 maxo while other evils—such a s war , tornadoes, sold and become the properV•JL** ^ earthquakes, pestilence and famine—involving interest, the greatest job of all. 3*eir revennesabsolute starvation, misery, and loss of life, have already been sacrificed to ft** interest, and all that remains is to "let the tail goimportant part of which is a pamphlet by Na- trians, especially the fairer section o f them, When tbe most utter chaos reigns in the House, OrnctH.w.eoBKoiorMASSAVAN»roxroxSTS poleonontheItalianquestionandthetempo- wereawfultoseeanddisgustingtoshare.In whenthereisnoorder,nodignity,noselfre- ral power o f the Pope, which we publish in the evening came a heavy rain, which washed spect among tbe representatives o f the nation, foil elsewhere, together with the comments off a portion of the streets and made others the best thing they can possibly do is to retireinto that obscurity from which they hareBefore the opening of tbe Italian wara waim, clear, lovely day;but thousands were emerged only to cover their country with seem to excite no pity, no regret, inthereon by the English press. entirely impassable. Yesterday was a bright, M nx rmto yr cupq gt vrr ammum to uatf prtrt of Qnat Britain, pamphlet was issued by theFrenoh Emperor, prevented from enjoying outdoor exercise byentitled "Napoleon the Third and Italy," the filthy condition of the streets. Something Am Appeal to ttee fnaUeaawtey,nFfAMIir UMMAMJf m Wmfmmitoy, at ; W aenUptr which foreshadowed accurately all the events should be done in the way of cleaning them gems* am* Patriotism of ttee Ammrtesvm which is involved in selecting one part alone deeper into new debt tirmj year. There «s,VeilPeople* 9The disseminationoftheincendiaryvolumeof the moral government of the world as the therefore, a plausible excuse for tbe sale; andtheme of their complaints, are obligedto ignore hard as this would be upon the people, and the very existence o f God, and to reject the great as is the villany at the bottom of i t, w eBible—Hisrevelation—asafictionandafalse- think,onthewhole,Itwouldbebettertogetmosthypocriticalzeal.The New York oity railroads, in which the lobby are so deeply interested, will also be on thelegislativetapis.LastseeatofftheAssem- blywasmade"allright;"buttheobstinacyof•T $3 |MT MJMUMM.of that campaign down to the peace of Villa- without delay. « ...»•. 8 franca, andtheresultsprovedthatthepolicy •file Heaction Among Metchnnts snd laid down in that eroonurewas closely followed S l a n u f a r t n r t n - T h c Persiatnmce i n•JtuaniximTHISsvBNDra.of a Southern renegade, the treasonable and totbeend.Thepresentpamphlet—"ThePope Running Steeranaat Doing its Work. bloodsheddingforayofJohnBrown,andthe and the CoDgrese"—may be accepted as fore- A deep and pervading conviction Is taking assertions of Wm. H. Seward that the conflict shadowing theactionof theapproachingEu- possession ofthe public mind that thedoc- between slavery and freedom isw irrepressi- ropeanCongressontheaffairsofItaly,and trinesandpolicyinculcatedbytheleadersof ble,"havebroughttheUniontothevergeofBOWERYTWBATBB. r*jni.T—Oaanwwa*Tov».WlKTta CUBDIN, Broadwajr,hood. AmongthesemonomaniacswemayrankWendellPhillips,Garrison,Emerson,Beecher, tainthemasasourceofcontinualcorruption, Cheever, and their associate hotheads. The actu- and to plunge the State into an abyss of endless almiseriesoflife,suchaswantoffood,offuel,of debtaccumulated bycompound interest To employment,againstwhichindustryandperse-•pandertothefanaticalspiritoftileSabbata- verancearecontinuallycalledtostruggle,and riansortheirrepresentatives,andtogaintheir which make so many millions of men unhappy votes by a pious fraud, tbe sanctimonious mea- and desperate, the slaves of this country never sure of the closing of the canals on Sunday fa know; and these evils are really at the bottom to be brought forward and supported with theWALLACE'S THBATRE, Bntalmy.—HowAm TO Owi>-UuuPoet.LAUBA KBENK'S THBATRB, Cat iiroadirar-JSAJua DimBOWERY TITRATES, Bowery—Loan or THB GOOM A*l>T(J•UOUKJTBM—IBJWTUMU.B A R N U V 8 A VKBICAM ML'SBCM, Broadway.—After-eft confederation that oyer yet existed. T h e InsubstancetheEmperorproposesthatthe NorthandtheSouthwhichmustbeprejudicial happinessofatleasttwentymillionsofwhite•eon LAToe* i>(Nssxs.If NOT OOUM-'AMf AT t'HALOIM.TautGutrutaCongressshalladmitthenecessityofthePope tobothparties,butmostsototheNorth,andretaining a certain temporal power, but shorn which, if persisted in, must lead to revolutionof all political authority, and free from t h e and the reign of terror and blood.cares and mwublee of government, and that his For the South, the question Is one of self-territorialpossessionsshallbeconfinedtothe preservation,ofsafetytothehomesandlivescityofSome,whereheshallbemaintainedin oftheirlovedones,ofthevalueofallproper- regal state, with a suitable court, by contribu ty, and of the security of the hard sought earn-people isabout tobeexchangedforanarchy and confusion, our strength to become weak- ness, our commerce to fall into decay, andthe rule o f contending and ambitious States, like thoseofancientGreece,temporary,unstable andbloody,tousurpthebenignantswayof peaceful and liberal institutions. Is it too lateofallthedisordersoffreepopulousStates. We say it with reverence, that American slavery is practically the least of all the misfortunesBRYAHTS* BIBSTBBLS. -Ban, XrB8ALOOV,Broadway-Oto. CnsJftT'sMor-471 Bmndwey— BCKLrjuicwi, 8o*tt», Di Ac-Dano* A*P r rraus.tionsfromtheCatholicnations;thattheRo- ingsofyearsoftoil.Mr.Sewardproclaimsan toInterposeafraternalhandandseparatethewhichbesetourmortalstate.Lettheaboli-Dtwmjrrc—Ba-Bondridofthe'canalsbypublicsalethantore-maybelooked uponasavirtualsettlementof theabolitionizedrepublicanpartyarecausing the Italian question. a real and business estrangement between tbedissolution,andarelikelytodestroythegrand-DAJionasa., Bvuiaeasaa, to.—Ho*. DAV'S magna,whichhasdeclareditselfunwillingto "irrepressibleconflict,"whichshalldestroythe thoughtlessandirritatedcombatants?V*w T ea* CALLS rea WW.ooem urtwiTUTB-p*.SOVMMB*LM«nu0»TBItionists,iftheyaresophilanthropic,takeupsubmit to the Papal sovereignty, will not be entire existing order of things at the South, andthe poor, degraded outcasts of the North, re- three or four conscientious Senators flooredstore them to their first estate, feed and clothethem,andgivethemfreedomofposition,and themeasureintheSenate. Thissession,how-securityforthegriefsoflife. Whydealfor- ever,itisexpecteditwillbecarriedtriumph-antly in both houses. The "Broadway' ever in abstractions, when they have before Railroad'' is the grand trunk line of thetheir eyes a field of pure humanity to cultivateand adorn? scheme. That is to be carried, either hithe shape of a "parallel" Broadway rail- What then, is the upshot of this matter? Is it road, or under the pretence of its being not clearly our duty to give up these miserable a railroad to "Yonkera." Tbe law of 1854What is this slavery which is made the basis restoredtothePopebytheaidofFrance, endshisbrutalandbloodyharanguewiththe ofourpresentpoliticalconflicts?andwhattheCWTOB*.SOrBKHRMMISABT>AMUMUMaTMOFI«DtA.POLYTECHNICIRBfllUTR,Broofclra—DsATtOM»PA»- which,asaCatholicnation,cannotconsentto rhodomontadeexclamation,"Wherelibertyis, raceforwhom,unconsciousofthedifficultyited b y John Sherman, and makes a practical demonstration of Seward's theories. When justice overtakes him, the fanatics who have It is urged that as it was the treaties of 1815 fed on Seward's theories and Helper's teach-which determined thepolitical existenceof ingsmournoverhimasa saint andamartyr. comeagreatnation? Why,if human nature silence ourinfidelabstractionists? Wouldthe Inconnectionwith theBroadwayswindle,byItaly and its territorial divisions, the Congress Several of the abolitionized republican leaders of Paris in 1860 has full power to alter what have become alarmed at the evident shock these was settled b y the Congress o f Vienna; that facts have given t o the public mind, and one ofEurope,whichin1815couldsacrificeItaly, can in 1860 emancipate and save her.These views have been received with favorby all shades of party in England; the organsof the Palmerston and the Derby governmentsalikeapplaudthem,andthe political prestige as follows aboutthe manifestations at John againsteachother. Providencehas,initsphy- co-operation ofour wise men,ourreligious ofNapoleonseemstohavegreatlyadvanced Brown'8execution:— siologicalinfluencesupontheseindividuals,in England by the publication of these senti- In the southern counties, those that roll up Urge repub- given them muscle, length of limb, oblique po- Let ha give full protection. to the people all who have been inmates since tbe Sing Sing,of the South in the enjoyment of their Auburn and Clinton cages of every unclean elave property, particularly since there alone bird were builtitisvaluable. Letuspreventbylawallthem,SenatorDoolittle,ofWisconsin,deniedon the floor o f the Senate that there was any sym- pathy for John Brown among his constituents. In contradiction of the Senator's statement, aknowtbenegroesintheirnativeland,fromtbe earliest periods o f their history, have been di- vided into petty tribes, under petty chieftains, ignorant, stupid, barbarous and cruel, engaged in continued strife and bloody expeditionsMiserableandfallacious expectation!The chaos which would follow such a measure no man can anticipate or foresee. The wretched Consequences would outstrip all calculation. Let this question, then, b e settled by the universalreliable correspondent in Milwaukee writes u slican msjoritk s, the feeling raged almost to a frenzy. At Racine, the home and residence of Senator Doolittle, the church and public bells were rung on tbe day of his exe-ments. The pamphlet may be considered asgiving the key note to the European Congresson tbe Italian question; and, looking at the cution in bis honor. Meetings in different localities have condition, or else given them in vain. Theseperceive why it should not be viewed as a as the Cross of our Saviour. adrioes,tothe24thofDecember—threedayslater.^ virtual settlement of thedestinies ofItaly. This extract truthfully describesthefanati- The reports of the political excitement in this England hesitated to participate in the Con- cism into which the abolitionized republicanagainst a tropical sun. With regard to their mentalendowments,weaffirm thatamongthe millions who have lived and died in their ownby Brown, and let public opinion mark with execration anymanwho,underanypretence whatever, seeks to disturb the public tranquil-g l n i a .Bicaao.vD. Va , Jan. 8,186S.we received news from Europe, with commercialdescriptions of stocks. ^ of the French Emperor, cannot interfere in be- self-respect and. self-defence In the South,ts, historians, or m en of letters, orten intelligent Christians. WheneverGreatattentionhadbeen attracted bythepubli-half of the dissevered possessions of the Papacy.leading them t o decline t o purchase a n d use articles manufactured b y a people who declaresuchabloodywaragainstthem. Southern Senators come into the halls of Con- gressclothedallInhomespun,orinthepro- duct of foreign looms; Southern railroad com- panies pass resolutions to use no articles butcation of a pamphlet entitled "The Pope and the Russia, favorable all along to the Napoleonic Congress,"signedbyH.deLaguerroniere,butsup- viewoftheaffairsofItaly,willdoubtlessac-posed to hare been written by Napoleon, whichwill have the effect of settling the vexed question quiesce in a measure which curtails the tem- ofthetemporalpoweroftheHolyFatherby poralpoweroftheheadoftheRomanChurch thai body. The Congress was to meet on the 19th Prussia and the other Protestant countries willy have gained a political ascendancy,in theCaribbean seas, oron their unlike tberepublicans intheHouseof citizensoftbeNorthareloyaltatheconstitutionaadRepresentatives, have a clear majority in Union, but It i s not to b e disguised that a large number shores, they have uniformly shown themselves both houses, and accordingly organized are indifferent to both, and prefer dissolution to tbe ex-naturally sustain this settlement o f the ItalianFreshtriumphsoftheSpanisharmyinMorocco difficulty;andthusNapoleon,masterofthe thoseoflocalmanufacture; Southernplantersare reported. situation, can dictate to all Europe, in the ap- decline to purchase the woven fabrics, ma-half a century, was at an end. future destinies o f the Italian peninsula shaftThe despatch ofourspecial correspondentat bedecided.politicians an opportunity of arranging tbe satisfactory to both sections. If the dinerence be irre- committees for the Speaker, and also to gain concilable, let tbe question o f a peaceable separation b e discussed. He recommends tbe Legislature to adopt beimposedonNortherntraders.Tosuchan tainedfortheeducationoftheirchildren,are timeforcaucusingtheirvariousschemes. resolutionsinfavorofcallingsuchaConventionasis They therefore go to work this evening, and provided in tbe fifth article of tbe constitution, and ap- we may expect speedy developements of cor- peal to tbe Legislatures of tbe several States tothe abolitionized North, end Southern legisla- torscogitatehowadifferentiallicensetaxmayservience t o the white population.; Our free schoolsandSundayschools,founded andsus-ong the streets in idle mirth, and sleep in second, the measures o£ tbe politicians. tion. Nevertheless, it is the duty of tbe State to be pre- ofJohn Brown. The local manufacturersin themiddaysun,with wooden blocks toserve The measures of the lobby are the pared,andtbeGovernor recommendstherevisionof thethis region are alao feeling the pressure, and militia laws, that munitions of war be procured that beginningtomove,asisevidentfromthecon- aspillowstotheirheads. Somuchforthe railroadsandthecanals. Themeasuresofthe brigadesofminutemenbeorganised,anathattheMili-LEASES.—We see that Judge Hogeboomhas instant.postponed for a month the argument on the These facts, which are now coming home to gogues, and the pulpits of fanatic priests? It is injunction restraining t h e Comptroller from tBe pockets o f the leading merchants and ma- no more nor less than a system of wise andselling the ferry leases. The object of the nufacturers in the North, will soon be felt inuniversal restraint, so that no man may use hisnatural rights irrespective of the rights of than ordinary degree of interest. The lobbydelay is to give the Brooklyn people an op-portunity of establishing the charges of collu- ment. The pressure is increased by the per- others. It is the system of God himself. Ordersionbetween theUnionFerry Companyand sistence of the black republicans toelectasig Heaven's first law; by this the planets arebands,andbyacorrupt combination between posier.the pockets o f the thousands in their employ-and the politicians will play into each other'sboundtopaysomelittleattentiontothere-itlUTi. were firmer, with sales or monstrances of theBrooklyn people,who fromthepath ofitsduty, toenforce moral theyleadtotheinjuryofothers. Thisaloneis Diven,thentheleaderoftberepublicanpartymean and armor, with sates of mem) at A S 2ft, aad of 1,100 bads. Cub* muscovado, closing at an advancefreedom, and the freedom ofcivilization and of in t h e Legislature. This bill i s nothing else Artisansandlaborers,findingtheirdallyearn, religion;itIsthefreedomofchecksandbalances, thanadirectnullificationoftheplainpro-and Is worthless in any other form. visions of the constitution of the United Stateshave t h e deepest stake i n this question, kc DOtheweek»ssates:thetransactionsalsoem- andtoaffordthem,asanappanage,such unbar, at7*0. Coffee was firm, with relief at was possible under the circum-theories and one sided notions of abstract rightings diminishing, a r e beginning to Inquire of andanimateJava,atlac.;1,000bags stances.Alltheyaskedforwaseithertoeachother,"WhatrighthaveNorthernpoliti-TheslaverywhichweseeintheSouthernandtheFugitiveSlavelawofCongress.otteredatC'4c.and8>4c.forfuturedebvery,withno buyers. Lard 10c. Bacon 7.^c. a S^e.uvv«., andlJOdo. prime at lt^c. Freight•wtatiamiBHs'^•^ssme, andlataanechaaged. limit the Union Ferry Company to the cent cians to dictate what shall be done in the States isprecisely the result ofthe necessity of Senator Diven opposed it on this ground,OBAPH?—It has been propoan&few the friends of the Atlantic telegraph that ttm we«k u p o n tt s*oa*lilr»MOO«»llieJVCOdmer. and » *MW subscription of mock- was commenced some time siace mEngUnd. It is to be hoped that the enterpraw-aftheBrooklyn Common Council guaranteeing NewYork any deficiency of revenue that mightac- abandon Sherman, when they see that his elec- early colonists—upon a class which has in- abolitionized, and theynowtrample under foot,plete the electric chain around tbe world, and " put a girdle round about the earth in km gjs» fw*»#teiaamaa.0.. . . IUntitled Documentavenues', with t b e thermometer a t o r about * • > oeaatituenU, w e should s e e » differentjgjf£ja \f9Tbe canals, o n which nearly fifty millions ofdollars of the public money have been already »Ue * i ' trimming a burning Said lamp. Corooer Jackcrue from the arrangement. The refusal to en- tertain these demands in any shape certainly indicated on the part of the Common Council of HewYorkastrongbiastowardstheinterestscreased in numbers from the very ihet that they are well f e d and clothed, and have but light labor to perform. This is the principle whichgovernsthelawofpopulationandgives thelietothedoctrinesoftheabolitionists,that they are 111 treated and improperly governed.and spit upon, and execrate the constitution.They endorse Helper's Impending Crisis, andmake a demigod o f John Brown, the traitor-tion would bethe signal ofrevolution, andin- tensify still more the excitement against them even at the North, is producing its good effects eve»where.•Letthemcontinuetovotesturdily forSherman,andletthenationalmemcontinue the argument, and there will soon be nothing but a email remnant left o f the abolitionized republican party.PROPOSED DISSOLUTION OP CONGRESS.—In the courseofanextendedandspiritedspeechde- livered in theHouse byMr.Miles, of South Carolina;onFriday,hesuggestedthatCon-gress should be dissolved, after the manner of the British House of Commons, and that aa ap- peal should b e taken to the people. This is, perhaps, the most sensible suggestion that h ? been made since the turbulent mass meetingMm AM>MBTBOBOLOOT.--The other day » u which calls itself the House of Representative.* bonis were sleighing it in grand style on the °f Congress should all resign and g o home tocut-throatandhorsethief,becausehedidhis besttooverthrowtheconstitutionandtheintbethigh. PoMoemaaCarr.oftbeSixthprecinct,wassuccessofwhichtherecambeamoftheUnionFerryCernpany;andasthatasso-near a t hand, and hearing tbe cries of tbe wounded m a n , came up and arrested Howe with the dirk knife still ta hsspsMsmlun. It waa thought the wound was slight at Brat,but after<wentv-four hours had elapsed B w a s evident that Clare WM in a dangerous anndmon. Every effjrt was made by the surgeon at Utebosoita. to save the life of b e patient, but in vain, m a t h took perns yesterday a t nine o'clock A. M Tbe further consideration of the case waspostponeduntilto-day- MeanwhileHowecontinues locked np in tbe Tombs.DJUTH ST AUJKWD Viotrjtm—Coroner Jaekmaa was notifiedyesterdayafternoontobollanInquestattbe earner of Jane aad Washington streets, upon lh- body of a man named Church, who died from the eflects of a beating alleged to have been received at tbe hands ordoubt—will b e carried through the present year, when some other nee will be flnisbed. The East Indian line from London to Calcutta has already been twmmaaehni to Aden, o s tne Red Sen, and b ythettefAnftttt « • Inn>l|oe^ rfLonmonnor General at OnteuMn, Bontbej or Madras. This line will b e speenily expended to China. t , «re not IrebJnf I»»* fin telegraphicci**i«mIswealthyandourCouncilmen notitn-federal government by violence and bloodshed. And, as a very significant fact, we may add that Senator Diven, for his opposition to theThetbe presumption has gained ground freely used to insure it. Council have, we see, direct-to put up the leases for ^ serves further orders. We trust h»*ebeen given from•opolistsan op- tebswr^ho^OwOae o f t h e most considerable argumentsagainst the slave system is that it separatesfamilies. Is this separation peculiar to the Personal Liberty bill, was defeated asa candi- negro race? What d o w e see among ourselves date for the nomination of Judge o f Appeals i n everynay,andIntheNorth? Familiesare theStateConventionatSyracuse,undertheportnnity ofbringing fluenced their predecessors.aid of the lobby, to whom a quid pro quo willland, thehotbed of abolitionism,dowe berenderedintheshapeofspoils. Underthe certainpersons onNewTear's day. Thecase WASre-•"fcrprfaea, and itfaMgWrn*H>bablethatbe-fc» the next New Yenr'e day the telegraphicU** *croes this continent will be completedby a wirs between San Frociaeo and Si Lonis.With the Atlantic eaWe, we could then com- the nice young men and pretty women hers*. °*n%e together at Washington'. If the membersbsltevj^ ^ n C l D S *o have in-ported b y Captain Sebriog, or t h e Ninth precinct, who ttales that tbe matter was not sufllcienUy dear for him tomakeanyarrests,buthopedtobeabletodosotoday, wbi u aWed by the Coroner. The inquest will b j com-obstinate refusal of the republican members toforeign Power and against the wishes o f the the republican party have become thoroughlywhich is sounded from the tribunes of dema-theCommonCouncil,whichtheyhavepre- SpeakerSherman,theendorserofHelperand governed,andlimitsandspheres,andattrac-4them,abargainandsaleofconscienceandof WilliamKiaflts,convictedofarsonforthepurposeof swindling insurance companies, baa been sentenced toThesalesofcottonSaturdayembracedabout809a900 ferredintheirbill.Thereissufficientpre- recommenderofthetreasonshopsinNewtionandgravitation,andtheothergreatar- thepublicinterests,theywillbeabletocarry tenyearsimprisonment.bales: the market cloeei quietly onthebasisof about sumptive evidenceofit,weshould say,inthe York. Thelonger theyinsistupon thatrevo- rangementsandforcesofnature,remainundis- intoeffecttheir obnoxiousplans,towhichtheTtee Southern Mall. WABBUKiTOjr, Jan. 8, I860.11SC- for ntiddling uplands. Floor was without changeOf moment la prices, whilethe marketwasmoreactive:Bottthera brands ware m larger supply, and prices somelassbuoyant,thoughnotquotablylower. Wheatwas tionandunderconditionsthatrenderedcompe- lass active, aad tbe demand for export limited, white titionwith the monopolists impossible. So long ta the absence of sales of Importance quotationswere asthecityofNewYorkwasnottobedamaged unchanged aad nominal Corn wasbeawV, andsales in herinterests theCommon Councilwas moderate a t prices given elsewhere. Pork w a s moreturbed. It isthisprinciple of personal restraintwhich lies at the foundation o f all good laws,whichregulatestherelationsandsubordina- Theniggerwillbetheprincipal,indeedthetions of child and parent, servant and master,the soldier and his chief, ward and guardian,andmaintainsthepositionthatthingsinnocent ThePersonal Libertybillwasdefeatedintbe 10*iCformiddling.Nrw Otxauxs, Jan. 7,1800. Cottonfirm.Salestoday8,600bales,atlOlfc.alie.for middling. Sugar 7 c a 7>{c„ _. „ CccwKATi, Jaa. 7,1800. Flour dull and unchanged in price; demand extremelylimited. Whiskey in better demand a a d advanced V»c. - salesat20Vc. Hogsquietandunchanged;amies400,at $S 80 a OS S5; receipts 4.000. Provwions heavy and faU ing on' in demand. Mess pork SJ6 60. Bulk meatsfact that the gale of these leases was forced on fourteenmonthsbeforethetimeoftheirexpira-lutionary movement, the greater will be the excitement and the more intense the feeling of thepopularmindagainstthem. Menarebe- coming convinced of the danger o f permitting this abolition fanaticism to go on ruling their political action. Merchants and manufacturers alreadyfeeltheevilofgovernmentdeviatingwhole business of the session will be made sub- servient and subordinate.No Southern mail was received today. These are now seven New Orleans mails due.inthemselvesshallnotbepermittedwhen Senatelastsession,bytheInfluenceofSenatorcontinually breaking up and separating, never direction o f Seward's man Friday, Tburlow perhapstomeetagain.WhatAmericanhouse- Weed.Therewillbelittledifficulty,therefore,hold remains intact from youth t o old age? what part of the country more than in Newin now passing the bill, particularly with theess this separation of families, and gene* y under the most pinching necessities and actual struggle for existence. Are the sen-Uties of the negro greater than those of thete man? The foimerissure of subsistence and comparative comfort, go where he may. whilusame fanatical influence, the bill permitting ne- groestovote•indiscriminatelywillbecarried,in order t o swell the .republican vote for t h e menced this fort-toon.tency of their philosophy, and the difficultypledged, Use canals are getting deeper andalone and of itself Is capable of tbe greatest liberation of a horde'of ignorant and lawless which it is intended to enrich a few men at the and happiest achievements, why do we not find negroes benefit the North, or increase its pros- public expense, there are several branchesthis result i n Africa? O n t h e contrary, w e perity and contentment?ramifying in different directions, and these will soon be brought to light.Let our readers keep a ?harp look out, andwe pledge ourselves they will soon see a greateramount of robbery perpetrated by their repre-sentatives at tbe capital than tbe aggregate ofall the property stolen by all the criminalswho now inhabit the three State prisons, andsition of the bead, elongation of the heel, pecu- liar texture of skin for purposes suited to theirGovernorLetcher'smessagewasdeliveredtothelegis- lature yesterday. It begins by alluding to tbe happy tran- gressuntilFrancedefinedherpositionastoleadershaveledtheirdeludedfollowers,and country,orinotherlandswheretheyhave lity,asguaranteedbytheconstitutionandthequilityofanearlierperiodoftherepublic,whichhas been Interrupted by the interference of the coisens of thecountry, with the accounts of the John Brownraid, which had reached England, do not appear to Italy. Napoleon has defined it now; and Eng- which has s o shocked the common sense and been introduced and increased i n numbers- have affected American aecurities injuriously, as land cheerfully accepts his solution of the dffi- patriotism o f the country. T h e first results there has not existed, at any time these thou- the latest circulars report an advance in some culty. Austria, inthe face of the declaration are seen and felt in the awakened senseof sand years, a score of distinguished authors,laws.The Legislature at Work—The Politician* and Their Schemes—The Lobby Harpiesand Their Prey.The republicans of our State Legislature,Northern States with tbe rights aad institutions of tbe South. In Massachusetts, Wisconsin. Vermont, and per naps other States legislation has been employed to de- feat the execution of the fugitive slave law within their limits.men, pure a n d simple, a n d our statesmen.cruel,ferocious,disorderlyandincapableofaregular government I n tbe United States,whenever they have become freemen, or wher- trouble, and to their utmost satisfaction. This Northern people o f tbe constitution. He suggests that a evertheyliveingroupstogetherinourcities, done,theLegislatureonlymetproformafor conventionofalltbeStatesbesummoned,sagthatfull they bare in general adopted the lowest grade the last few days, without doing any business. and free conference be had to ascertcin if the questions ia ofpursuits,andseemtoliveincontentedsub- inordertoaffordthelobbyandtheprofessional cohtroverseycannotbesettledonsomebasismutuallytbe Senatea n dAssemblywithouta n ytension of tbe slave territory and slave States. This la- mentable state of things originated in tbe construction b yonly, topic o f a political nature which his wor- shippers will permit t o occupy either house.Markets._ ^ Moan*, Jan. 7, 18*1.Presidential election. fcBcaxrxG CASTALTT—Pbuopeoa Doatiy, a German woman,residingat117Eighthstreet,wasburnedtodeath c« Satui (Say erem Dg b y her clothes eatcamg fire whileIt a cheerfully conceded that a large portion of tbeCctton unchanged: sales to day 3,000 bales at lOks. a e f • • •l^TMn •rmv^an ^avww^ tJ *' ^rwavsj••"*• ••asr*** m y****of,n*bguuxnea^ ^haumte. Thecoun-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetman held an tnquett opoe the body of deosatted 5 ester-Fulton Ne13069wYte i\'ew laAglaud «x!lo feufeta a thuiu^lw-i-ti&cu,l u ' . c beenhlthcttoi athis Statelwww.fultonhistory.com•iork 