 * •5any, and on tan, twelve and a not over fourpair, and gamially about two or three.it a probable teat many man have worked farit is known thathaveother artsctos of eheapwerctobut I am tod to believe that these are eressttons. The speakers who hav* addressed the meetings ofsat the average wages of the Lynn '•jours" at $2*0 parto thenet be'la prtoas has grown oat of •P•sake the mob disperse by fares, If necessary Just at thto stage of the consultotion a disturbance was beard at the doer. It appeared that ameer Mark A. Wmsbip engaged m guarding the door, waa hit by ababiy n large stone, thiown by aome one in the ficat. He was rendered lasenefhlw by the blow was upon tiw right templeDr. OrftltoSBJround that sonasthtog eflsotoal must beft1^'jut. «>Jthe the prices atraok far are 4tto. and »3*e. For "ladae heelpumps" he aaa bean paying 60c to 66s. far first quality deer, sad a oommhatton waa held inside. Sheriff Carey,«ba#-ji a.hwi and the other attha Btgh: ireceived two of thito open an of theworking at the shoe toatosesa a portion of the tone, for the benefit of tos health, and at the first preliminary meet" to fUl the affiosW"wban the Nm Sn^mi •artad as da organ he was made He editor. Be task she toad in the prrwaailings which have cul mi-aanart hi the sftrika, a* that whatever odium or honor be tonga to the tanvwaaaat ahonlit apply to him. He a very popular among ths strikers, and exceedingly unpopular among thote opposed to the strike, who apeak of him with much htatonaam»regardmg ban as entirely responsible for a. The '-jours' have the utmost eonJktanoe in hua, whiie thane opposed to the movement dononnos nun as actaated by onworthy matirea atone.James Baaan m, praftahty. aext to Mr. Draper, the most active and lnrhasntial man essjagad to the strike. Be ts of medium ilze, with brown hair and beard, and ban the air of an intelligent working man. He la 16 years old. Ho was born at ''heater, to Cheshire, Tngtoail He was pot to work in the prat worts atseven years old, matred of having the advantages of school. When eleven and a half years o i l ,bound aa an approaatos to a stock (sttk) printer, and he worked at that bnatoess nil 1840. m 45 he came to thai country, working first at Pnwtncket, and afterwardto in Maiden and Lynn, where ha marrtod. In the rail of '46 he msmnamsad tearatog the shoemaJier's trade, which be has feitowod anhl within a tow weeks. When the As-formed, he was made Vise President, and itionwae formed, ae•menaald the office. Until 1864,1 am informed, he to intemperance, but he than became DKWB, renouaced the ass of uquor, and joined the Methodtotchurch. Be to war a member in goad standing of the Boston street MaflaudMl church, aid sustains a good char- acter as a ternpersace man and a church member Be haa itnted to me that his average wages since tost fall have been bat $4 80, while before that he averaged ST 60. He to sow at work at ha old busmcas, and earns f 7 50 per week, of which he gives a liberal par centnge in aid of thestrike.Nspotoon Wood is very small m stature, with dark hair and eyes, sad thto beard. He to of a nervous tempera- ment, and very snergntic in supporting ail measures of the strike Be has aaost indomitable activity, and ad heres to all his purposes with an unalterable tenacity. He a twenty five years oid. Be was horn in Canada, when1. Hugh McCaffrey. 3 Richard Madden. 3. Was. Kerby4. John Daley.6 Martin Donners.ft EUenSheehan.The first three of the above were'FHQLoSUNDAY MOBMJJG, FEBEUAKY 26, I860.PEICE TWO CENTS. anrnetu FRO. DMRIaaaoa, Feb 11fn»rnMsas MshaAabruai the THars m>aVwaati Wimajal vf IFaawfaat'*. Brtot Pirn—A fainJrwaas—f i e Mo»rk #*«/ JWtei BbaT—da Amerfosa P*p~* m .hskHtetesf arteA Wo/aVCBBBiuBsro/thc, TVOrmtJBaaV-w—BtrPrttmVt fHurflaftiii,ete.,et Savoy eahftages don't seem to suit John Bull—ot 1when served up to French style, aad. ifare very near it and there a the igo down well. The soaSjsaaBp treaty. a m ihas no reciptocliy in It, aad Pam to gomg to he unset hi a twinkling, or mere hi no good hi Daraeft.ptenty of incbaritabU mmds a a a a nthat the honoraoi- member for Tiverton:by hto friendship for the F-ench igood of these realms whereof be a Premier Iito beheve ths Bouse ofthe raaaataa ratifying andFrench treaty* If that Isnext step will be s vote of "went of rmfldsans," i ministry are defunct The maaomcthreiFrench goods in at once on a assMtotJ doty, 1ruler of the French promises to totFrance with an advalorem duty of thirty perend of eighteen months. Pumek has It exactly, to bank parlor seen* of "dcing a hit ofsome paper, or helping a newnma to "JOBS BTLI—H m. I see; iniliiiasdCoanas—A good name, Mouaseer hot I don't fike ne-gotiating foreign paper. However, tot a see—what's thto * At eighteen months, payable in October, 1861? And yea want ready money for thto0LOOK Naromon—Matt, sea—the security, yen aae, to excellentJons BTTL—b4f How do I know where your ant may be before it comes doerTHE NEW•«•#* imMHERALD.«»LKI7 nnfllWff THE LM0OI0Fi in fullnnors, and a portion were small a have kept at home on such anWith the police When round Fogg wag among the number, and wasr,-»LTVS,Mass.,fwb.Sn,II*to thePhfladelwho ton, o ^ i t M . bound to Want !•"•»JSJTSThe!IwflllIs olsiiitalit LTCWn HALL.l a m JIBBBVV. edttsr efma Lyaa AayaTaa as wavknea to take a Ana hat tew*el standaUvto- which «aa)d toad lal e wLvDxncrDENCX, Mo., Feb. 23, I860.h aasjwajjsnt Mm SMMM Iks* vjfafjttM ssatol hmmB tn> anBjSBjSBnntojnstoj. yajmrnte latamG RoweD; districts, Avery Neves, Jefhro H. Gosdwte, gstamon Faker, Beni Burleigh. Wm. Keadell district 3, M Bines. Ben; Fatttogul, Alfred H. Peters; dtetete 4, Al- bert R Drew, Gee. F Clifford, G W. Bewe, G.Henry W Oidham; district 6. Mark A. L W. Graves G W CTanwnanThere were about 8.0B0immedmtety a genetsi uproar took stow "tome, Go borne,' "Yon are not wanted here: we can take care of ourselves," "Brass buttons,' "Scabs. ' and such like expressions, wah groans sad bases drownedThe traders on the Plains for want of trade with the Indiana were killing large numbers of WOIVOB and haflakas.Causal* If we can behove a ntter published to. theBtlge. of February 9, the famous scheme lor the oonstrucwhich would render ha leaving at so early a date all hot impossible.There are still some grounds far hoping that all may not have been tost, and that the life boats, which would five to ahnaal say sea, may yet prove to have been the means ot saving tome of the unfortunates when the doomed vessel met her fate. When, however, we con- sider that she went ashore during the night, and that no trace of any of the boats has yet been found, our hopes in this direction are, we confess, Blender.[From the Toronto Leader, Feb. 23There were on board not torn than three, and perhapsp n a r ^ ,batm'thsenrypoitayavcUastth^Uasybada tagai or awrannght to tojnreAXand keepOa ths contrary, Mitchell's « e « n T A ^ « <* andea), of the l*m,Wys ths Huagartonhad.I, the cause wasAdvtoes from Havana of She 20th have been receivedhere. Borne excitement exatfi among the Americans inHavana in consequence of n Spanish born American citi-zen having been shteaad by the Spanish authorities for among her ill-fated paatoagass there were several of our/ rtJIMi»T»i miltifj*"*,naaanaid;wrniog at 9 o stock the roilowing appear- worajo 07theMajor;othersarebeingstimulati *• *•»THI HTNGARIAN'8 Thesubjoineddespatch>phia Build*, of FridayThe following to a lat of the cabintotf ivwatiyl>MW«kttknamKMayori tb« Baton laity Bee, tftbiat Lynn subsided At!cud everything toie y e a n old they i i pubdc aahaoto, a• to Water I Ifls,High School, as , one at tne (MiMessrs. Babel ft Searto, agents of the Grand Trunk Bail- read line in this city, report that the fallowing named steerage passengers were "booked" to Great Britain, and went on board the Hungarian —oftheam Aienjo OT taper, I, all of whsreaerto of SaosewieaaB,toasthe rebate to i ordinaneas to inot to provoke Iany dangers which I do not share."the extra podes ware mwahaltorl tote the squareabout ten o'clock and pat on duty. They wore white linen badges, with the word "FMtoe" upon them, sad hi company with the posse of the eaaaaatoe of the strikers, looked quite Ssanwaabas. Every thing was- coamaritivery quiet during the forenoon, although the crowd to the square was immense. The tosiera of thewere mostly away, and no particular programme adopted far the day.Atameettegof the strikers, in the forenoonDarhn, Connor and several others, were appointed a com mitiee to confer with the city government, bat nothing reft*veid style than any of Ma satnastm mID. H. G Montgomery. all interference with the property of Mr Trt*mTnars» MarrFiar nhtssssi rif t h o ikfti»vT*rwYn wjrjhsi n n t nt 30. J. Binmoren u t Ban* ana aeon Be has a sanea mandof tocendtory •paanhas to excite it a a violation of the city or to use land end ri to uee (ftocretton, andsight, bat lowaaa dark ha came into the aquare and spoke to the excited crowd. He toid the strikers that it was T a n g far tbess to interfere w i n the police, and that if they waked to succeed they must succumb to the supre macyofraw.Mr. Bbebe also spoke, giving flke counsel, hat not much attention was paid to the speakers31. F. Bureie.32. T M Vat/.SS. P. Shea24. D. Zeter.25. J. B. Forsyth.24. N. Sernteaabam. 27 A. Bom.SS. F. QuayIt will be observed that none of the the annexed extracts from the CaaaMas the Ust copied from the BuJUtin.hto eopenorty He lesson of,in thaireapedham gHUB, — # w nunavuiya ml a s i u i s i , tasty would axons lartignattoti srhare ia»ymatt before nave got sympathy (Senaaaon.) Be urgedIan to lasassshar tne Saripasral motto on ens of their three > ears oid hto folks went to &. Albans to live, and everything for s while. The squad marched to the Saga-P ASS, Feb 7,1860.when he was seven, to Brandon, where he staid nil he more House sad took dinner. They were followed by ft rren an sate them,'' and said it had aa appb was seventeen. In the fall of 1961, he came to Lynn, and the crowd, still making every description of aunts and learned hto trade of Alfred Chase. He worked two years insults, bat no notice was token of thorn by the police. for him. A year and a half after he went to Minnesota, No acts of violence were committed there, bat toud threatsawes should man action on thai subject. He took the bat finding emigration to that sectiogrvery large, retu-ned were made that the police should be sent home nextTo TBX Cam? EDTWB OP THS fjHsjiBJuascn BSXGX —In your issue, VTo. 36, of the 6th inst , you published four members of the Canadian Legislature Mr. TalbotBBBBBthat the snaaiifaattMsii of Lynn had tne power toto Lynn. About three years ago he joined a party of fifty under Capt Parsons, raised by Mr Higgtoson of Lynn, and went to Jtaaens to aid in niatotarning the righto oftrain.Some of the rabble were for killing the whole of them,while others said, "Let team got a good dinner and s drink, aad then we will let mem go heme unharmed ' The general feehng at that time wss that the arrival of ate Boston force would da more hart nana good, ttosngh thto was only asserted by the strikers.the following ss s telegraphic bulletin —Losmoa, Saturday Evening, Feb. 4, I860. The Belly plan for the construction of the Nicaraguacanal haa been abandonedThto news haa not the slightest foundation. I beg ofyou to publish this letter in your next edition. ARMDXUX,of the second section of surveys of the NicaraCity Intelligence.and his new bride, and Messrs Merritt sad McKetlar, are known to have been on board, and it a just possible that MT Dswaon may also have been among the passengers, though we think thto a improbable. Several other Cana- dians are known to have been on board.[From the Toronto Globe, Feb. 23. ]The telegraphic despatches of yesterday morning com- municated the distressing intelligence that the vessel ashore on the Nova Scouan coast was the Hungarian. one of the Canadian fine, on her outward voyage from Liver- pool to Portland. We are sorry to come to the conclusion that it ts the Hungarian winch Is lost, because it ts nearly certain that she carried an unusual number of passen-Banal w^ssag* i Baavy Jflpnsjsj was sBajjjgBBjBjBj^ BBBBBBjtnBng^BnBBBsn, waasna swan BBBBBBV nsawad•swaaaa every aia—rbatnrar at Lyon fraaa signing the the free Stole men. In Minnesota he caught the fever and be a prices. Be attni t to haws aha —sirfanarsrs ague, which troubled nan till he wss obliged to come home •lad actiher and ass what aotasn they would aahs on the to March. Bbsee then he has worked for John B. Spin- ante*. Is caned by agam asking thaat to resaember ney, Harrison Newball. and Trash. Sergeant &Co. BeII i—ia i m which he uppasud vtotoaae, or any subvert -Law sad Order"A rauncAL i i m ACCOBTAITYTSG A c o u r a g e - •nam mm BOSTON.Jan asters adjoormmeBt Mr. Draper amounted that he hat jam receired a contribution of $6 from "a mechanic at fastm, and read the toitowlag latter whtch accompa aec i —taining the relative prices paid by hiniwa. The eaase whash TOOere engaged to at eaponaed by Mr. Bubier, in good times, employs about 400 men. During the past winter he ha* averaged about 300 men inash year own I have bees aware tor the tost six —rentis his employ, and at the time of the strike, had 250 men a! •at toe iboe wwkswa have keen compelled to eaomit to a work far Lim. These figures do not u.cl>ide the heelers,Mr Currier, the chairman of the VigilanceCommi'tee, to order to draw oil' the attention of the crowd ss much ss possible from the police, and also to keep quiet, engaged the band, and a procession was formed, which marched through several streets. This did not have the desired eflSect The procession finally formed to front ofAa LVSOIXRABIE Nnsaxcn —The people on the extremeeastern section of the Twenty first ward are almost con-tinual ly complaining of a swiaanrp which exists in that Canada The despatches leave us no room for doubt.a. fi. Daarsn, tbQ. .—tor their tohor. The uppriiaaannh h i r a i a t The rtoe to stock has been taken froaa to bar aaa pvea to the |iai i liaaar, by the rirairy of comSeniors Accmsxr.—Aboat nine o'clock yesterday morn-ing a distressing accident occurred in East Fifteenth street proacbing opening of the rrttorm gives rtoe to anbs iiiiiMgiawa toaakwftoTax Exmaox or BSSKBA* STKBRTanorGH ran Pan.—* • aai aaraas ttrvajgBDs; jar thear rtgns apooia ,along with them. Upon their arrival at the City Hall these men were locked up. The crowd rapidly fathered around ths bulking, and thi aslaaail to rotoaae thepitoaasis. Four or five of the Boston pohce officers were sssttoasd to thefriends and relatives. Groans at every corner were an- gaged to dacussing the incidents of the wreck.Asnie HOWtbeseal geed Basse UM»consternation at thto1. Mrs. Montgomery, two children a. Mrs. Babel and servant8. Mrs Btomore.ft. bras Cm w l i g h t1ft Miss Forsyth.11. Mha anae Forsyth.12. Mrs. Gibson.13. Mrs. Manifold and two ct-Wren. 16. Mrs. Morgantothepubcc, •en who have M e w ft* Te-wish tossy a word to you a, and particularly to thoselong as their arrvieen are needed. The hostility towardsthem is great among a portion of the strikers, while 17. Cap*.T Bnew.says ha average wages per week for the tost two yearshave been S3 60 oniy. "though he has worked some liftseaor sixteen Hoars per day . where be should have had 26cents tor work, he has been obliged to work for from 8 to16 cento. Be to a member in good landing with the Methodat church at the Common, and says he means to donothing to conflict with his religious profession. He par the Sagamore House, sad the band discoursed ticulariv desires to have it known that he is a republican—not an aboiioontot—hut test he ralcnlatwi to think oi him- self "first, and the niggers a e i t . "good music for s time, much to the satisfaction of the crowd outside, as well as those inside tits bouse. Tailing to stake the polios come oat and join them, the procession moved on, taking a portion of the crowd with it. About half past two o'clock, Deputy Chief Haas tooknaforteoat,andrormtogtwodeepinline,inarched down to the depot, as many thought, to return to Boston; but tins wss far from fhto* determination. Forming his men back of the depot, a stand was made for about half an hour. Many were the speculations at that time as to what was the intended service of the police. Some said they were gomg to Boston, others to Salem, and still others thought that Mr. Ham was undecided as ti ha future ac- tion. Bu*. that cannot often be said of him. Something evidently was "to the wind." but what it was was not known by the crowd till it was too tote for the successful opposition of it Finally, upon a signal, the force started down Railroad avenue, followed by the noay rab- ble.With the view to ascertain the legality of the Corporationjob for the extension of Basfcaan street through the Park,THl PUCK WHICH HAVE BUN PAID THT9 WINTER. LasteveningIcalleduponMr. SamuelMBubier,who has a large establishment on Msrk't street, and is the iaaa am— Beag sakaowD to yon persoaaBy, an apeto- largest mancfactarer in Ljsn, for tite purpose of ascer-Boaxoa.fab.22,186D.who nave one of the most profitable departments of the maniractureThis part of the work to generally taken in large con- They (the pawihasari) have ai tracrs by bosses who let out the wirk to men. The ave- to thsrty par oant ton rage amount paid by him during the winter, for labor he stairs to be about $2.aOO per we«k. Of this perhaps $600 Ibtoi toere win" he no fitnehang by the parttoe eo has been pa. i for heeling. This would leave S. ,600 per co!a wster aaay be thrown in the week as the average weckiy amount paid by him to an ay she Baaaon Jtwrml and tot oaaajatore, average number oi three hundred persona, making the tor the Slack sis.e are on a par average individual waged per week. $5 33 1 3d. He slaves they are aonnaeiitog to <le- thuiks the average could not have iallen under #6 perA bright, intelligent boy, about eight years of sge, while playing in the fourth story of the house No. 94, was at- tracted to the window by aome noise in the street, and whilst leaning out. overbalanced himself aad fell to the pavement, a height of nearly forty feet Wonderful to relate, he was neither killed nor senseless, though he re- ceived severe injuries on the head, a fearful cut betweendread that they were on board. It must be remem- bered, however, that the day of assembling was not known in England, and that if it had been, there was no reason why they should leave by the Hungarian, rather than by the vessel which succeeded her. Messrs Merritt. McKellar, Dawson and Talbot are the gentlemen referred to. Mr. Dawson, It a understood, could not nave been ready to sail with the Hungarian, and there a nothing approaching to certainty that the others were upon her. Mr. Wiaon, who has occupied the confidential post of buyer for Messrs. Moffat, Murray ft Co. for some time, wrote that he would mil on the 8th, bat it to to be hoped was detained till the next vessel sailed, as frequently happens to buatneas men. The names of Mr. Charlarworth, Mr. Henry Fowler, Mr. Sampson, buyer for John Macdoaald ft Co., aad Mr. Wat-lofasb. week.He pays for ha work in cash, when desired, but thea toveflor the above estimate supposes %'SMi or thereabout* to have< bean Maay of them were aimed, evidently, at Mr. Thurston,cannot yet be ascertained. How heescaped instant death tt indeed a miracle.allowed to lay in his naads by workmen. Last week, onsettling with one man. be owed him ISO, which he choseto have go unpaid tor the present. A good heeler, atpresent prices, he says, can earn S3 per day. He men taken into an apothecary shop near by, and hardly any uoaed en instance -of one young man among his em notice waa taken of it. Just shout this time, and while on ployes, who to not yet twenty one years of sge, who has Market street, a baker named Henry Fits crowded one of toid up S600 in two years. He a iadnatrwas and tempe the policemen off the sidewalk. Ho notice was at firstthe Croton Aqueduct Board have solicited the advice of son Taylor, were also mentioned yesterday aa probablyrate, and averages shout $» per ween.The tcato of prises paid by htm during the winter seemsto have been from ten to twenty five per oant below thatwhich to struck for. Thus. lor "spring imltatoous'' heMiUTAHT CoxxxcnoN —In our report of the ball of Com on account of aome of the residents of that ptoce. Thetake mentioned as among the guests present aome mem- rous despatches passed over the wires asking after pecce a pound oa paper Thai tax. that brings onlybrmj haa been paying 363. and 26c according to quality, whilebers of the Highland Guard, ol Hoboken. It should havebeen ths Highwood Guard. Also, National Guard of Chioago should have been of Brooklyn. The matsre was Captain Jones, the master o the Hungarian, was aa million to ttoaareasury, a the moat thoroughly huqui- tons of all thfltxes to the calendar. By the trouble thaof books and periodicals nearly or qure six cento s I. It a tne tost impost en inteUteenoe, and the lastthat baathe Mass newspaper. The days of theof that sheet are now numbered, and there wiui to London at two canto, equal to qoahty ofprint and edasrtol matter to your _New York. I mean the HXBALD. >It will probably notthe price of a single paper er cheap periodtoal, but a win give us a better qoanty of paper, better prtot and a ^ b a r style of cotnpoaoc*. The tfetet of tha morning ante* uparty, ha*ftdeeajatoaay haw. tomly will be the making of the low pricedand 48c-a> 4nc (or second quality the prtoas struck tor who had been telegraphed to by she Mayer, had arrived. are 76c and agJfcC The prices in regard u> similar priced and ha advebe for a time was to rend the not act sadto consequence of our reporter being wrongly informed.PatterOrmors Quaes or GSJUTD Iuxcmrr—Mark H Con- aremdent of New Jersey, s few months since formed with Mrs. Louise Hastings, aad finally for the rent of a house in Grand street,He took her tea furniturefar nearly five of furnnure. Ths lease ofhoese and bill of furniture were, however, made eat in Mrs. Bastings same. Oa the ITth an., Mrs.thorough seaman, and one of the most vigilant, officers who ever trod a deck. It is to ram toon the causes which led to the Ices of ha ship".[From the Boston Advertiser, Feb. 23]We understand that the friends of Capt. HarlowBuxbary, Mass., formerly master of shiptearful that he may bare taken passage by the nan. as he was expected to start forAcansarr e* Mrsec—The Pettiquite as attractive asmy used to be pasted am ayary Batnrdny with all thepraVimmecauely. The friendsI nave no doubt that h* avery shoemaker, of amp were exasperated aad tanged far aof Mr.Win-It ear- to a abort tina have some aabctoa the prtosaf-^--.After iIbe police again started on their route and the rabble after them, the brick bats avingaa thick as ever, but so further trouhto ensued at that brae. The Boston police quarter at the Sagamore House, and will stop in I.yun asOrr. Tfjiasaa Roberto, Elijah HoWen, John for a moment stunned. A strict watch had been kept byo Sbepard, Charles Srster. Moeea Wulitt. •an Wad, Oliver BawnitiH. James Bar L,aotoeaaa Martin, Daniel indd. Fit* Mon-b»Te arrived from Dangers —- /, J B Neabali, & W Bowers, Franki Faraaworth, 8 a Gctchell, J V . GetcheU.each one to try sad detect the ones who did the ansahtof,and the guilty one to this tostonee was detected. Upon acall,•« this way,"each nasi threw hto «*billv,"' and afterthese who had been " spotted." It wouM have done an wrecked off Cape table .—are expected from fc—w, Cay Ball, iMnrbiehsad and"hear •ametning drsp ' made rapid pace m every directionasyethad bet ttto erseatones, senateAt^^ae? Shanes ftas BBn^asttnsajsa4r4ssom m^mrt ^ —— — — -~^.%— ^^AAI^^^^^A A * to fares. Yoo are expected to quell all the difficulty, rf possible, with all parties.18. B. B. Byrnes.n — a nana yen a ansa I wish yen to stand by y « r brother officers, and aid atom to the discharge of tfterr duties, and m defending aaansatoas. I shall be with yon, genflemea; I do not ask one of you to go Wen'Mb), and where I am afraid to go myself, or ts expose himself toof •wof the », VermontHave under considera t * a strikethey will do so in n law days. Wages are insnppartebty tow to that place,and the "order" system a veryMat. What wtob tow wages and no money theare hi as uncomfortable a oandtawi as can well be rmagtonl. A strike therafere may be onpectod—perhaps next week.TELEGRAPHIC.BSBHBT, Feb. 25,1840.The Mayor of Lynn has Baaed s proclamation, stating that the tows win be enforced, aad all riotous and tumul- tuous assemblages •oppressed, and calling upon the citixens generally to ahateto from gathering to crowds sad other pubhc demonstrations Three or four of the rioters were aiTMtedyestejukj.andhnrabtoEb^idtobail In $4,000Havana.Nxw OttTJUXB, Feb. 26,1860Mayor was quite ill yesterday.for two Bights before, and the excitement and labor of hishave bean great, and besides, he to subject to Be retired to ttto residence and wan un-to any duties.Seme aaanaBaatton being expressed with the VigilanceCommittee of the strikers, during the forenoon, some of them were discharged and others appointed in their ptoce. The following were chosen ss corporals, sad charged with the duty of appointing ninety assistants —Philip Brown, Oscar D Andrews s. W Nichols. 6. W. Perry, Freeman Wtontow, James W. Barton, Daniel betes. Richard ngto, beerge Curtis, Samuel Thompson.The iesiml object of the ward meetings appointed on the evening before failed entirely, the whole crowd begin most of the time in the square.In accordance with the order of Mayor Davis, the Lynn Light Infantry met to men* armory early in tne icrenooc. General Satam and Attorney general Phillips were pre- sent and aidreassd the saembers of the company, advis- ing eoomeea sad a strict obedience to orders, in case they were csiied out, sad that they should be prepared tor any emergency. If they cam* oat Genera; Sutton wae to t«ke charge of them, and if they were obliged to am tbetr weapons, the firm i r e was to be with ball cartridgres.Be did not sleepAll at once en the route, the force came upon one Tho-mas iiurpiiy. who was engaged in the saw nil upon Marshai Inert ion on Thursday. Thto person was-'wanted,' the temples and internal injuries, the extent of which aad before he was aware of It he was taken In charge, andthe force went on. A little further on the crowd com-menced throwing brick-bats at the police. Largestones, weighing nearly a pound, fell very thick.but none hit him. One person, Mr. James Bond, of Lynn, was struck on the left side of the head, just over the ear, making a bad wound which bied freely He wasfta eemiagauun stone throwers that aid not ;military set vtoes, and required to rurntoh a substitute or pay a sum of $1,000 as commutation. Consul Helm bad demanded the man's release, which had been refused. The man was consequently obliged to pay the fine, which he did under protest. Consul Helm's correspondence with the Cuban authorities has been transmitted to Wash togton,citizens, whose famines aad friends are overwhelmed with anxiety for their fate. Nothing had been seen of the ship's life heats, of which we Mara from Messrs. Edmon stone, Allen « Co., there were six vary superior eaea on board. and excepting a few spars sad .a portion of the mail bags, nothing had been washed ashore from the wreck.Among the passengers, it to we understand but too pro- bable, were the following:—Mr. Bresnah, of the firm ot A- Robertson ft Co., aad hto young bride, a sister of Mr. Andrew Robertson. Mr. Baiilie, of the firm of James Bsilbe k Co : Mr. Neil Morrison of the firm of Morrison ft Empey: Mr. Roy, of the firm of Roy ft Du-ort There were tome reasons for fearing that Mr. Grant, the Secre- tary of the Grand Trunk Company, would be among the passengers: but we sre happy to learn that the proeabtii- tiee are altogether in favor of hto not having been able to leave In the Hungarian. Mr. Blackwell, too, the »»n»gi«g director of the company, it was at first rumored had in-It was currently reported during the forenoon mat aposse of policemen from Boston had been seat for, sadmany bitter deanancastens were to be heard of the cayauthorities and of foreign poheemen. When the oneo'clock train arrived from Boston, twenty picked pohee-men, with Deputy Chief Bam, stepped out upon the plat- on the route. The snow aas very deep from Fort Union tended sailing in her, but we learn this was altogether a form in the depot Their names are as fellows —District to Babbit Ear, and thence on the reads were very muddy. mistake as Mr. BteckweU bad engagements to London l . J B Bsasehard, J. C Warren, Sargent N'oyes, OwenThe Santa Fe anil, with dates to the 23d and 20th alt. arrived here to-day This mail was accompanied by an escort of troops from Fort Union. No Indians were seenUon of the above named canal is not yet abandoned following a the translation of said letter .—Thelocality, to the way of a large open lot used for dumping purposes by livery stable men and others. The effluvia which rises from the ptoce at times, especially during the mornings, is of such a character as to be dangerous to the health of the people rending in the vicinity, and the only wonder ts that a contagion has not broken out long ago- The ground on which the nuaanoe exists is situated inFirstavenue,betweenThirtyseventhandThirtyeighth streets, fronting East river. Some steps should be taken immediately towards abstteg the nuisance, for if a is allowed to remain until the warm weather aets In, nothing can prevent a pestilence from occurring.we deeply regret to say, that if the passengeri ana crew remained on the ship till she struck, they til perished. It a greatiy to be feared that we shall never know under what strange and unfortunate circumstance the ill fated vessel waa lostOne never can say that a passenger will cross the Atlantic on a particular vessel unless we know that he has actually embarked. So msiy circumstances occur tocausedetention.there are somanylastthings to be done and said The names of maay gentlemen were given yesterday aa possibly in lh< Hungarian, bat as to every one of them there is room for doubt; and many of those who are freely mentioned were certainly not m her. There were no less than four members of the Provin- cial Parliament in England returning, and the apthe Corporation Counsel, sad have resolved to abide by ha decision, whatever it aaay be. The paving of the Park win not he attempted until that officer to heard from.on board, but on inquiry we were happy to find that the probability was quite the other way. It to reported, faowevsr, that many Montreal merchants were on board, and that there was much anxiety to " " • ' * • • yesterdayIt a probable thatMexico.taken of him; but upon hto continued interference two ofthe police stepped up to his side and qutotiy took him panyG. Twelfth regiment,en Ufa 23d, we through ma greatest interest was manifested ontheaabjeet Nume- the total abolition of the duty af threebet thtt would not do, as it was iletorntmed to pacify and scatter the rabbisot the officers. IfJohn Murray, the man who drew aMarshal an Tuesday. wee nettosrl la She door. Two poheementhe Grand street house, and gave the furnl- j taat wwsastt within fsa miles of Irvmg ptoce, andBJBdid notit was found heof theUtyrtalidjoethntrtrare to charge of Mr. OsnasD, who promtosd to store it infaraway as the wilds af Jersey.a very Strang programme, at slrhttor, to tttora of "Lucia di Lammermeor," with MMs Patti* of the forlornMat act of -Favorite," la which Gaa act of "Der Ffetochuts,SpiritedMr. The audience was immense. The lower part oftsjJffgJZlpound addansaal put on. a**TM us pay a«d.enthepound)enoar"comes. * "^^"i^Z IJST ^Zaftm^*am?m^ijZ'm7mmZ SL T aiw^adrtateaaT £eaBte*atrialteTl'wS"that Mrthe psoastas to — „w» , _ . , —a charge mz grand torstaw. Mr. Canaan gave bail to have a further hearing m ths^ ^Untitled Documenther. A few days aga "" .but it was not to beThe,and sixtyii never known to naifof the other itotheiliaaLiverpool oa the 8th tost inand the totter at Cork.The Purser of the Vigo, which arrived at mis port onFriday tost, thinks that on leaving QueenstownJurbor theHungarian had nearly forty cabin passengers, and someThe wreck of the Hungarian has thrown a deep gloom over the entire city, for although there can be no absolute certainty on the subject, it a too much to he feared thattegriaftdxty steerage passengers.[From ths Montreal Herald, Feb. 3ft]The plot around the Pope thickens. The Pastors, howled so grievously for the ultramontane party, being suppressed by the Emperor, has beento Brussels. Every day seas Louts Napoleon's Uon grow stronger and stronger. Everyfrom Borne show that tne ] bold. The rope's i~.they seem savage at the cries af "Viva 1'Impeiem ' that greet the French soldiers ahaanisi they appear. In Naptof the condition of the government seems still more critical, and daily inquiries are made, asking "when they"—the royal family—'• will leave" ' It a impossible for t h a state of things to last tang The head of the government for Central Italy to to be decided by ballot and universal sum-are. Then, while the inhabitants of MBan and the Ro- magna are about choosing a king, the population of Venetia seem determined to threw off the Bapsburgs rule as soon as poss.bie Nothing seems to check the doltish stupidity of tne almost miotic Emperor of Austria His Bungarton soldiers to Verona aad Venice are con stoutly deserting; Hungary a ripe for revolt dtoaftVction succeeds daafiection; the treasury to empty and bank- rupt; and if war were to arise an army could not be rip- ported or kept to the field tor a ssoatn. Here are three of the most abominable despotisms iu Earope tottering to a fall, and not one of them seems to have a friend either within or without their dominions Prussia and Rufsia are bath hostile to Austria, Turkey to noboay: and even the London Times, the old friend of the Hapsburgs, has turned its hack, and none so poor as to do her reverence. Will say one say that the extension of power of monarch* like Victor Ema nuel and Louis Napoleon a not a good sign' That Savoy and Nice are to be annexed to France, for services and territory received by Sardinia at the heads of Napoleon during the Italian war, seems morally certain. And Joan Bull will not go to war for it, either. Turkey, too, seems falling to pieces, and France then will come m for another shot What if French territory does ex- tend across the Alps, sad even go to the Rhine? Is England any less securer Great Britain mast build ships, furnish machinery, coal, iron, woollen and couon fabrics and notions, sad do the carrying trade for one half of the world, and BO long as she haa a larger navy, and three times as many merchant steamers aa any other country, what earthly Power need she fear?No doubt you sre, now and then, a strong advocacy of Louis Napoleon in some London Journals. It, is generally believed here that the Morning Pmt, Lord Palmerston a organ, aad the Mornmg Chrmticlc. are both subsi- dized by the French Emperor . The Carlton D u b has also just ma;e up a heavy puns—rumor says £50.000—to help fill ap the always hollow coffers of the Chronicle. Reaiy it ought to thrive; but how it will managetoservetwomastersremainstobeseen. Punchsaid it bad made the remarkable discovery that toe Parte Moniteur was issued in ..nndon, in English, simulta- neously with the edition in Paris. It oniy bore the name here of the Momixg Chrmuclt, to adapt its eognomen to the style and phraseology of the English tongue But the commercia: treaty wit' be upset, there a a strong prooa- bility.Taikmg ef newspapers, I learn that " Young Ameri- ca"—Geo. Franca Tram, Esq.—is about starting a paper in Para, to the English language, under Pse diaaci patron- age of the Emperor. If George does that, he wnl succeed.It a just the field for him. and the Emperor may eongra- tulate himself on havjsg SJCUICU the services of an able, popular. and capable man and a vigorous writer. Though young, Mr Trair. has seen much of the world, and I trust and hope sus " powerful patronage'' will not prevent a a sheet from bemg an advocate aad exponent of American ideas and principles, so far ss they sre not incompatible with affairs in France and Central Europe. Our Boston boy has seen too much of the world to ima-gine for s moment that the rampant repubheanism of America can find a place in the French empire. I cer- tainly wan him a large measure of success, sad beheve he wUl have It *^Mr. Gladstone's budget last night waa received with great interest, ss everything from Mr. Ottdstons ai ways is, sad ss every budget a sure to be. Be hasone •tenure that will atone for torgers, some of them, at least, well known throughout7. Wm. Vogle.Geo McDerm-tt. ». Michael Luc-y.10. John rjetoney. 11. F. Richardson.ft12.Fat McGirerin. •"atliverpooiLorn Naroixrj* (reproachfully)—AhJons BCLL—Well, we've seen s good many i to your fine of business, you know,ever , you may leave the bill. I'll you know my terms for discountthink ftBut it will be thrown oat as sore as fate.than can be found in the rant of haThe tecome tax it to »s oanttnasd aad 1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 