 tt/"'~~ *•ceived orders to march st short notice, and It was a palpable evidence that the public agitators no canopy but the skies, and often weeping four years, a large portion of the composition, assurance to the Convention that Mr. Clark was supposed the occupation of Tuscany was contem- are compelled to seize upon some more skies at that—these make up the sum of it; but or type setting, being executed but once, all right"bated. Sir 6 . C. Lewis, and other government ass. porters, favored the measure; Mr. Disraeli and othen opposed it, but the second reading was carried by a raw;l W «S*!l*»T*w„»g»»i.»)H^,.ijhitj'ii''.—'"M« • ipi n i » •••»• m«iii mi» ii i'fiHwnpiBwi^wiIHuiW Hi i Ithat BO mack should be done for the accomraodn- JNEW YORK HERALD. ttoo of the military during the parade yesterday.The One Thi•>« MeedUrsU law tfee Cltf. Nature has gifted tin. aarttopoiis with re- markable facilities for maintaining cleanUaess and health, and art has, of late years, eowtri-Fightpostponed oa Tuesday last to this day. Taw and they will surely fall late it next Novem-J A MOrrtci K.TKMMX «•** *»quencethsdemandwasverylight,and saleswere butedhersharetowardsthesamepurpose. A• & O H D O I » I I K T T , IDUUB AND rwOFBOtw*.The Market hat been compktelj overstockedwith beef cattle this week, and aaa Enteral coase-mtr rtmm. or vi av p » »•»«»• , a r a t y * f i i M W .rm*»*r«>n,t!p"tW«ia«»day, «f /our era* awabundant and rapid waters, while the introduc- tion of the Croton has furnished a third river, running directly through the streets—a suffi- cient supply between the three rivers to keep u s w e l l w a s h e d a n d p e r f e c t l y c l e a n , i f w e a r einclined towards cleanliness at all.Then, again, as a most important auxiliaryCongress the republicans who were placed onthe Committee of Investigation into the print-ing quarrels at first agreed with the chairmanot the committee, but after seeing the leadersof their party in caucus, they backed out,Tali XXV.AMOnVKBTS TH38 KTSratO.Mo. 53 swiae.Ovist to as being a partial holiday yesterday, comand said it would never do to make this expo-sure. Thereasonwar*that they expected la denied,notinsuchaway,however,astoleaveBIBLO 8 QABDBJI. Broadway.-Coosss BOTAI AnreiBOW1BT THEATBE, —IBJSB Kmenurt—AL*O- COS SB.V U T I I OABDKJf. Bmtdwif, O i ) f u « o i i W W - J H I I U M .WALLACE'S THIATBE, Broedway.-BosLuros «f Yoeaa MA*.HALffAi.N. &,r»b at, The BtisBMhri snrosa, Capons LeachLAOEA I M N I ' S THIATRB,nr.-Ji«nregularholiday. lacottononly200balesweretold,the market dosing dull oa the bask of 11 ^c. for middling uplands, Coffee was firmly held, with sales of 300 bags Rio at 12c., and 100 mats Java at I6l«c. Sugars wereIfwecouldaccomplishthftwiththesamecer- tainty that we can count upon the supply of Croton water, or a good airing place, goodtheir sentiments theygons of purity; but when it comes to practice where do we find them? Wallowing in thebtpolitical matfciraGladstone had ofaathtaf ofHEW BOWBBT THEATRE. Bewery.-WouraiBO—DlCX, as I H M I I ~ C W ^ma Tatars.Jtoaa Boauen PABVBS. .B d , rl i i n v i AMEBICAII JS«2L. ^ *y-i - l T U H Wuvson. Bves»ng-Ocro*o©a.and 1,000 boxes, at rates given in another povol. engagements were limited and rates unchanged.Freightpone and flounder, and flounder and postpone, would be perfect. If we could only calculate and get deeper into the gutter every day. Ifdown at over seTsaty million pounds starling, s a l t*« tween Mr. Clark and Charles G. March, while receipts at sixty and three quarter millions. The oaf.the Republican Nominating Convention were ciency is to be made npby aa Incoaas tax of ten | determining upon the resolutions endorsing Incomes of one hundred aad fifty pounds, and of iHatt, 471 Broad Bonos, DAMOBS, AC —SOBSa* AT PEA-The Aaiifversary and Its Uses—Contrastsupon traversing the streets without danger of The varied and many-sided celebrations of being drowned in slush, or trampled to deaththeir objects were good and their motives pure, what need would there be of delay orBBTAXTB MINSTBBLE Msehaatoa'of Times a a d of Parties.nBIXVS BALOOM, Broadway—Qso. CHBISTT'S MIX- in Soaus, DA»CM, Buaxssaoaa, Ac.—T*s MUMMTyesterday, the one hundred and twenty eighthConvention the same evening. According to ceived orders to march at a day's notice, and Ra sup-the minute and circumstantial statement of posed the occupation of Tuscany to oonte nplated if nag. fleeced by Congress and the corruption fund Murch, not only did Clark engage to mont continues to oppose the sBnevattea of Savoy.A f t , rthe Central Park insures us, this metropolis-anniversary of the birth of Washington, are a mrrH STRUCT, OHdoor east of Broadway.—SOLOBOV'S significant sign of the tone and temper of theAmong the modes by which the country isplated in the event of Piedmont continuing to op- powerful lever of public opinion thanpose the annexation of Savoy to France. Thewe opine that few of the military gentlemen though paid for twice, or, as it has occurred in This is a highly interesting developement of of 262 to 234. The majority was smaller than was uas for protection to life and property, people The one hundred and twenty-eighth anniversary every brow. Then it was that John Adams, have now come to the point of protectingduties be proposed to renew for another year. He en- tered into the provisions of the French treaty, and ton mated that the duties would be reduced on wise from faOf the birth of Washington—he who has been pro. Bounced "first in peace,firstin war, andfirstin the hearts of his countrymen"—was celebrated yester- day, throughout the length and breadth of the re- public, with unusually fervid demonstrations. The grand point of attraction was the national capital where the equestrian statue of the Father of Hiaspeaking for Massachusetts, laid aside the claim of her sons, and proposed the name of a citi- zen of Virginia, who had displayed his genius twenty years before in covering the retreat of the remnant of the British forces after Brad- dock's defeat There was in this no humbug-themselves—indeed, they have to take care of the police in many cases, instead of the police taking care of them.That is the postage on a drop letter, and why carriers should be permitted to charge morekto tenure of life is thus extended to the let day ofto definitive. _ , - . » — A slight dtotnrbeace, caused by the address of the F*p».quorum of the Commissioners of ;~£"TM*^*thatomeeting yesterday,andwas the man who rescued Captain Luce, Mr.Allen, of the New York Novelty Works, andten others,fromthe wreck of the steamshipArctic, five or six years ago, and landed themthat the country will demand some more com- THE UNION MKETLVO AT THE COOPER INSTI- petent reason than has yet been assigned forman is still perverse aad ungrateful—and the gutters remain choked up as before.ACADKNY or MI'HJC—The "SonnuBhala" was given lastA foreign loan of fifty million francs SP AIN.MarshalO'DonnellIscreatedDukeofTetuan,andratow totherankofagrandeeofSpain. Hebadelsebeenpw sented by the Queen with the ground on which the w*sryas won. F*^ cannon were captured stTetoen.w^n«-'nw \b u , t a^ »**transacted. AtablebTUTE.—The numerous and enthusiastic Union meeting held at the Cooper Institute oa Tues-the continuance of the odious franking privi- lege, through which members load down theJtheCommis of destitute eadarrsnta. « ," " ^ T TM»eataaldtbr sa,safely at Montreal. In performing this gallant day is another evidence of the effort of the mails with documents which very few people nigbt, with Mm Adelina Pattl, Signori Brignoll and Am)and humane service Captain Russell lost several dio, the same distribution which has dehghted several conservative element of the North to defeat read, but for the conveyance of which everydoners frc* the year of ftinp to the present year, for ^J*"**41*1'tt 184*,In the battle of the 4th the Spantoh loss was tea offlesrt days time In his voyage, and at the same time the revolutionary party at the approaching one who can read or write has to pay in one large audiences slnoe Miss Patti'i dibu'. The opera was nod seven hundred aad elave- men kilted « ^ J ^thai the anfirBwsaeioafS of the Sanitary Inspector, aai Nyeconducted in a creditable manner, considering the of the shortnoticesadotherseriousdisadvantages.One"*^a^sB^BBae*sja-and fifty laborers and abovt two hundred Russell will notwars employed between Yesey end Four.teeath streets,aadbefore six oclockyesterdaymorning tve thousand loadswereremoved. Wei , W Y<A,onthtohtonmTfe?i^fca:l»d out, and appeared upon the stage with tne toa1:ag artists. TheItaNantricolorwassupportedbj-Sigo-«-*«aini.wbo tcrvtd under General Garirw.PtI" Sappho" mill be given, with Uaae. G«M*r.ig», feign i and Fetri. Ou £*u>rday there wUI be a grant! mstu-v, u« bicb all the arUals will sing.trtaa eerps 4 orave, declares, in an ordfc< of th* » 7 •tiedatVeroca,thatfromthellthofTt^rWj the,of Trsstof theVenetianprovinceor MantuaanddiSUKts" will tie g< \erned by martial law.The Parsi corresponded of the Loudon Scraii a* thai orders have been sent to Marahal Vai'iatt to • * • "NEW YORK HltRALP. TBPB8DAY,only effected at a reductioa of half to three-quar- gradual declension from the back bone of the republicans are at a dead lock, and they post- ber. Their short-sighted stupidity upon tabOf •ASSAO ABB rVLTOB 0?*. ters of B cent per pound oa all grades. The balk city-Broadwey-to the east and the west poned the question in order to gala time, for question of postal reform only accelerates their «mt SvasaA « * *#e*aV of the cattle were of common quality, sad the affords excellent opportunity for com»lete they feared that a third candidate aught snatch inevitable ruin.THE ITALIAN QUESTION a^^^a^a^^^w^^r^^wa^aj^^a^a^^a^a^Morement of thein Italy.a^aj^a^^^ra^a^a^^w^^wO^a^aj^^a^a^aT B I B E I T I B H F O r A J C I A l BUDGETImprovement inthe American Pre* daceShe will sail shortly for Boatoa, at which pert dueataboot••. ,•V"J!etcBOBenAGsA l l wsryflens d« JEassei: arttoos »yher shryb.The iBates a Old Cat l « h ; i BucburrtvedaEoof aanips' was re* A a S a y s x fcaatelthetaJ IB I8?S 11:11HareterdaySevi tersofArriIntl sataei£gBan • s 2 SBorebt gold wbeing oonfio. servos no aiThe shoos s a l e s The DO nilBanna emplcfas show and 8In ratHMd'iady Thebuo, BU.Tt xnqu•MLOut]Mr)o .al i. ith,general selling prices 8c. a 8$c Cows were plenty and dafl, bat unchanged in price. Teal calves were steady at previous rates. Sheep and lambs were scarce aad active, at aa advance of Is. a 4s. per heed. Swiae were steady at 6 c a «4c, as to quality. There were oa sale 3,7U cattle, 159 cows, 4 3 0 v e a l c a l v e s , 6 . 3 9 3 a h e e p a n d l a m b s , a a d 2 , 4 3 4sewerage. At each side we have a river of the prise from both their factions. In the lastTHECATOCTOFTHEBAG.—It has been for some time asserted that Horace F . Clark, "de- mocrat," was under a pledge to the republicans of his district, previous to his election, to rote for a republican Speaker of the House, if his v o t e s h o u l d b e r e q u i r e d t o e l e c t h i m . ' T h i s w a sto health, we have the splendid Central Park,acts trsasaettons war* vary light. The Cora Exchange, with its open plain admitting plenty of fresh plunder themselves.by previous arrangement, was dosed, which cat off re- air to the city, and affording means for exer- Thus do the representatives of the people,ports of breedatuOa and provisions of moment The cise of all kinds—walking, riding, skating, democrats and republicans, conspire to rob the banks, however, were compelled to keep open. The people alternately. The event now explains gathering of merchants at the upper Exchange was thin, cricket and base ball playing, and militaryand the business transacted was limited. There seemed drill. But with all these advantages, the one the action of the republican members of thatcommittee. The Joseph Surface* and Dr. Cant- especially with those attending the Corn Exchange, to in- that is some mode of keeping the streets clean. wells of the party are eloquent in their bun-bined with the extreme inclemency of the weather, bustto be a prevailing disposition among the merchants, and thing needful yet remains to be supplied, and duce the Legislator* to declare the tad of February acombe speeches against corruption, and fromwhen and where the agreement was made by HoraceF.Clarktobetraythedemocrats, whose support he solicited and expected to elect Mm. It was at the Everett House, during the afternoon of Wednesday, the 27th of Oc- tober, 1858, that the Interview was held be-roads for driving, a good ramble for pedes-T H U T U FBABCAIS, M» Broadway-La Eons* D W rather easier, while the sales embraced about 850 hhds. trians, and available exercise grounds which mire, like other political swine. They post-tory. Hastofmenareagitatedwithsomeimpendingca-thingintheuniversewhichcancompare lamity, the politicians and partisan advocatesdousstrokeofhisfistonthetable—but IttosupposedEnglandwillBOWresumehermediattoa shall be ordered to be printed by both houses intimated that he would be the out and out between Spiin and Morocco.of public measures, and particularly of thosewhich will not stand the test of reason, seek todivert the public attention from their designsby assuming a lively zeal for the honor of somegreat and revered name. The mass of the peo- difficulty in realizing what the condition of theple, always honest and loyal in their impulses,are easily moved by the memory of some greathero who is the representative of that whichtheir hearts most cling to. This is the case day through the principal parts of the city,republican candidate next time himself, and directed the name of Mr. Fairman to be erasedThe provisions of the French treaty had been explained! but they have been generally anticipated. The dmUej have been materially reduced on wine, brandy, timberby omnibuses and'earts, there would be no city hesitation? Why not give the printing to anyhim, which Mr. Murch was to present to thepence on Incomes below that sum.It to confirmed that the French troops hi Italy have rein the world more delightful to live in thanNew York. The filthy condition of the streetstradesman who will do it cheapest and best?at the present time is almost unparalleled—outside of New York certainly there Is no- swollen, is the system of printing double. Bya clause in the Printing bill, passed in 1852, with it. To those vabo have to move round it was enacted "that whenever any documentAustria rejects the principal propositions ofEnglandfor a settlement of the Italian question. The official objection bad not Seen received.TwmrtM.H o w Y o r k , T h u r s d a y , F e b r u a r y 9 3 , 1 8 6 0 .T h e N e w s .We have received no additional intelligencerespecting the loss of the steamship Hungarian, which was wrecked on the west side of Sable Island on Monday last. We do not learn of any insurance of the ship in Wall street The state- ment published in some of the city papers yester-day afternoon, that fifty Uvea had been saved from the wreck, was without any foundation whatever.By the arrival of the Europe at Halifax yester.day we have European advices to the 12th inst, oneweek later than the accounts previously received.The political news is meagre, but somewhat in- sion for more celebratioas than have been the perils of battle, the discomforts of the clared that the repeal of this clause had him;" but "the resolutions endorsing himteresting. The French troops in Italy had re- witnessed on the same day for years past, is camp, the heavy march, the rough bed, with cost the government more than $100,000 in were adopted on the strength of Murch? J. Trelawney s bill abolishing the church rates was as-times.Whenever a great crisis arises, and the mindshim to vote for a republican Speaker- clinching his promise with a tremen-the city, or to those who see the spectaclewhich the draperies of their wives and daugh- of Congress, the entire printing of such docu-ters and female friends generally present after ment 6hall be done by the printer of thatwalking a few blocks in Broadway, there is nohouse which first ordered the same.* In 1854 from a resolution foreshadowing the future currants, retains, Ac The duties on paper, butter, talstreets is; but for the benefit of those abroad,who have not the delightful experience whichthese parties enjoy, we sent a reporter yester- which may hereafter be ordered by thethe nomination for Congress at a future time.The treaty was generally favorably received.The screw steamship Jura, for New York, was to leanLiverpool shortly after the Europe,The — - — arrived at midiight of the 0th, but was de-whose description will be found in another is clearly, on the face of it, to swell theprincipal propositions of England for a settlement the truth that is in their theories. Thus we who participated in the celebration of Wash- some cases, and will again occur, paid for four political scheming, showing how the people of Udpated.of the Italian question had been rejected by Austria. The Britishfinancialbudget had been presented to Parliament, and was regarded as satisfactory. InLondon money was in active demand. The latest quotations for consols are 94} for money and 94{have the middle men in politics assuming anaffiliation with the name of \^jphington, by se-lecting the anniversary of his birth for greatpublic meetings, and the shoemakers of Lynnendeavoring to throw a halo of patriotism overington's birthday would feel disposed, after the experience of yesterday in our streets, to endorse very heartily the sentiment of the song—" I'd be a soldier still."'Seriously, it is absurd to say that there is noboth parties—the republicans as well as the democrats—are cheated by the local wirepull- ers acid leaders. It serves to show that they ought to attend at the primary elections, and take good care that they are not bamboozledOn the 9th, in the Commons, Lord John Russell statoi that no convention had been entered into between tor. land and France relative to combined operations In Chins but an ordinance on the subject had been issued, wtucfca 94 J for account At Liverpool the sales of cotton their claims by naming it as the day for strik- remedy for this abominable nuisance. It isduring the week preceding the Eurepa's departure ing for higher wages. The same sophistry im- only after a snow storm that the streets can pos-reached 78,000 bales. Prices had been active, with pels the black republicans of Massachusetts to sibly present such a spectacle as they do now;settled the basis of proceedings and the question of a pw- manent occupation by either Power of say portion ofan advancing tendency, but closed steadily withoutchange in rates. The stock on hand was estimated fire a hundred guns in its honor, and the men and if the snow was removed after it ceased to lishment and maintenance of separate offices."at 617,000 bales. There was an increased demand for goods st Manchester. Breadstuffs were firm, and all qualities of corn had slightly advanced in price. Provisions were steady.By the brig Robert A. Fisher we have news from Bt Domingo City to the 31st ultimo. Our corres- pondent states that the town was being completely Americanised in appearance, and a number of new agricultural implements, as well as a steam eugar mill, rice, corn and chocolate mills, had beenfall, just as it is in the yards of our dwellings, or before the doors of many of our citizens for their own convenience, such a state of thingsAnother way of swindling the public is byreceived from the United States. Government had triots who led the country through the tryingnumber printed for each house of each docu- parts of the metropolitan district works well, 170,678,000, while the expenditure was £SS,063,000. themade a settlement of all American claims with General Cazneau. The paper money difficulty was coming to an end, as the notes were rapidly disappearing by the wear of the poor material on which they were engraved. The city was very healthy.times of the Revolution to the happy establish- ment of the confederacy. When the thirteen colonies met in the persons of their representa- tives in general Congress, and the question came up as to who should be entrusted with the command of all the forces, doubt sat uponi sUmated expenditures for the ensuing year werefTO,- ty; and the people would not complain even at for the House. Any larger number for prompt than before. The abolition of the two 100,000, end the estimated income from existing resources this vast expenditure if they got any value for would only he 00,700,000, an apparent deficit of £9,400?-In Congress, who would array the North againstthe South, to seize upon the occasion of theerection of his statue to exhibit an enthusiasticzeal for the memory of the man who, in the could never exist But the truth is, we haveTHE Crrv POST.—There has been of late years much natural growling about the inade- appointing committees to report on certain quate postal facilities afforded to the people of matters of little or no importance, and which the metropolis. The very thorough, safe andmost solemn moment of his public career, bade us to beware of parties in the State founded on geographical discriminations.The use that has just been made of the day contrasts strongly with the spirit of those pa-no government to carry out such a simple mea- sure, nor a police force willing to do their duty in this respect T en millions a year are expended nominally for the government of the city—an essential part of which is to keep it healthy and clean, and to maintain an efficient police to secure protection to life and proper-cheap systems of London and Paris are com- pared with that which exists here, and mani-principles', and the motion was rejected by 81 majority.FEBRUARYThe consideration of the disposal of the speech. The republicans axe preparing torthe next Congress to have the control of thethe matter free from doubt Bat a letter It now published by the very gentleman who made the arrangement with him, letting the cat out of the bag, and telling us more besides that we did not know before.The year, the month, the day of the month,the day of the week, the division of the day, at about 10 A. M of Uw llth, Tie 0>together with the place of meeting, are given, owing eay, arrives at Halifax at i * P a of t*aappearto bevery para23, 1860.they utterly loathe and condemn the doc- i ttfafte of the Helper hook aad theARRIVAL OF THE EUROPA AT HALFAX. House Printing Corruption Fund was again themBelves a deep pit, digged with much care, Out Week's Later News fromthis clause was repealed, and it was enacted that, "when there are different printers for the respective houses each shall do the printingThe resolution was accordingly struck out and house electing him." The object of this all was settled. Murch, however, was not touse the pledge of Clark "if he could get alonglow, and other articles, are abolished. The duties on tattained at the bar several hours for want of water. [Tat with the. revered name of Washington, and the perquisites of the printer at the expense without it," and it was not mentioned, even in despatch omits the name of the vassal, hot B to probablyfact that the present anniversary of his birth column. the Convention, lest the democrats should hear the'Anglo Saxon ] of the people. The Superintendent of Publichas been seized upon as an appropriate occa- The lot of the soldier is proverbially hard; Printing, in his report, December, 1858, de- it, and that "it might prejudice them againstGREAT BRITAIN.In the House of Commons. on the 8th of February, Strment is 1,460 for the Senate, and 1,520 and the city delivery is more frequent andit But the health and comfort of our citizens "either body is extra. In the Thirty-third cent tax is demanded. There should be, pro- 000. To meet this he proposed an income tax for Urnreceive no attention from the authorities; andCongress the Senate ordered 432,000 copies perly, no charge for the delivery of a prepaid year of 10 pence In the pound on incomes above £150,aad of extra volumes, and the House 687,500, mak- letter within the Post Office district; but if seven pence on incomes below that sum, which woutdgirt ing in all, 1,119,700 extra volumes for Con- there is to be any, a penny is quite sufficient a surplus of nearly hah* a million. The tea and sugarpenny, and dock warranto three pence. There is to he s Asimilarexamplehasbeenpresentedatthe streetsfortheirmaintenance,iftheCityIn- theSenate—thirty-threepercenttherefore ed,andsupposedtobegreatthings,theyare dutyofonepennyperpackageoaallgoodsexportedand ther with the oration delivered by Mr. Bocock, present critical time, by the State Convention spector canot move in the matter, as is alleged, thrown away! not over and above ornamental, and, as it is imported pressed. The stamp oa newspapers is entirelyphic description of the inaugural ceremonies, toge-and a description of the statue, are given The folding rooms are another source of ex- claimed, not quite so safe as they ought to be. abolished. France agrees to reduce the duties on conin our columns this morning. There were a large recently assembled in Virginia. The political until the Legislature acts upon the tax levy?number of military companies present to assist in conflict upon which we are about to enter Something certainly should be done to render pense. In the Thirty-fourth Congress therethe ceremonies and add interest to the occasion, equals in importance the appeal to arms made the streets passable. were 837,667 volumes of public documents which are so constructed as to defy the most ex-and the gallant Seventh regiment, of New York, by the Revolutionary Congress; for it is toreceived their due share of attention. In this city bring out the voice of the people to decidethe day wss celebrated with considerable spirit, whether geographical parties, which will inevi-folded and sent to members, and 5,594,930 pert thief. We do not assume that our lamppost LMPOBTANT IF TRUE.—Thurlow Weed says, in (nearly five million six hundred thousand) boxes are vulnerable; we simply state thatnotwithstanding the unfavorable weather. The demonstration, altogether, was not up to those of former yesrs, but what there was of it was credit- able. The Eighth, Ninth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Sixty- ninth and Seventy-first regiments, as well as seve- ral lodges of the American Protestant Association, paraded during the morning and afternoon, and in the evening a number of balls, suppers, Ac., came off.The Michigan Democrat!: State Convention met at Detroit yesterday, and appointed delegates to the Charleston Convention. Resolutions were adopted declaring Stephen A. Douglas the choice of Michigan and of the Northwest for the Presi- dency.The Pennsylvania Republican State Conventionmet at Hsrrisburg yesterday, and recommendedthe Albany Evening Journal, that, "with the advantage of a good many years' experience, we are quite unable to form, at this time, any opinion as to whom we should nominate forspeeches folded and sent out from the folding such is the feeling on the part of the public,and it is the duty of the contractor to prove, if he can, that his boxes are all that he repre- sented them to be before they were put up. In the meantime, we are pleased to know that the Postmaster intends to make arrangements by which the lamp-post boxes will be emptied at midnight, so that letters placed in them uptably lead to revolution and civil war, shall beperpetuated or annihilated. In the face of thisgTeat issue, Virginia follows the example set byMassachusetts in the general Congress, and, President The policy and action of our Con- and other articles used in these two rooms, ansetting aside the claims of her sons, declares vention is not unlikely to be affected by that of that she has no preference for any man as lead-er, but will support victoriously within her our opponents. Other conditions and cir-annual sum of about $200,000 is paid by theClerk of the House and the Secretary of theown borders whoever the general voi*08 atour Convention assembles. Hence we have vor, no invoking ef honored names to cover un- preferred to leave our convention unembar-bis efforts to improve the postal facilities of the metropolis, he will find that such a course will pay far better in the end than Tammany Hall or any other politics.self there is no claptrap appeal to popular fa-cost of four colored plates and some wood cuts in an agricultural report in 1856 was $185,200. Such are specimens of the profligacy with which the money of the people is squandered by their representatives in Congress, and evenholy designs, but that earnest and honest pa- triotism that willingly sacrifices all things upon the great altar of the general good.A DEBT OF GRATITCDK TO BE PAID.—When therassed, either by premature committals or dis- cussions, to act upon its convictions and judg- ment, with all the evidence before it, when a standard bearer is to be chosen."ANew York, whatever reputation our provincialBenstor Simon Cameron as the choice for the commander or crew of an American vessel of the lobby will create as much surprise as Senate.rest, for the confirmation of the referee's report, was set down for this morning in the Superior Court yesterday, before Judge MoncriefXrescues the sufferers, the English government Regency who was on the slate for State Prison ing over their share of the spoils, like twonever forgets to acknowledge the service in a Inspector. "Doubtless,'' was the reply, "the hungry dogs over a rib of beef-ljtolen from a clean our etreets, proves at least that the Al- official mission.imperilled his insurance, for to go unneces- contebt—a foreshadowing of what it can do in way or another. The country will hold the re-sarily out of his course was a legal vitiation of his Insurance. No acknowledgment whatever has bean made to this gallant sailor for the ser-vice rendered to the shipwrecked captain and of the ill-fated Arctic, although theadmirably sung and the prima donna created, as >uaal, a great furore by her exquisite execution of the finale. Between the first and second ants Siguor ilniio'i over-O Donnell Judged It asetets to pursue the Moors totouw interior. _ * , The Madrid Fpoe. exi»resses the eptouontnat « B - capture of Tetuan England would again offer her wsaw« enrrodtotheAretle,wiOtoaTrll^"* ' °°aaderatand that the cleaning will not be continued propriate testhnoniel of t h e * ^ ? * ? • * Untitled Document6*"support of the party to that gentleman, lest onthe strength of this indication he should claim and sugar are to remain unchanged for another year.times, being twice for each house. " The law,as it now stands," says the Superintendent,"has had the effect of causing an arrangementto be made by the printers to the two houses,by which the whole work for both is executedby a third person, who can afford to pay to by politicians who make underhand bargains Chinese territory.each of them a larger sum of money for the with candidates to suit themselves. printing than either could make by the estab-Sir Fitaroy Kelly obtained leave to bring in a bin tor the prevention of bribery. Its provisions are very stria- gentMr. Dnnscombe moved that at the parliamentary ehc- tions in Gloucester and Wakefield, which have renders* themselves notorious for bribery, the votes he taken »T ballot.might be disposed of in a sheet of letter paper,but about which they print and publish a wholevolume of evidence of no value or interest festly to the discredit of the latter. We do not On the 10th, in the House of Commons, Lord John Bussell laid on the table the treaty of commerce with France Mr. Gladstone rose amidst great cheering, aad proceed ed to make his financial statement He staled that tbtThe ordering of extra copies of documents isa favorite mode of swelling up the printer'sprofits and the people's logs. The regular establishment of sub-post offices in various annual income had been satisfactory, haiSag prodaeeddespair, however, of having something nearly as good as the Continental cities in time. Thegress; and these are sent free, burthening themails over the country, never to be read, butto be sold for waste paper. For the Thirty- than the government itself demands for the Sd. to 8s. per gallon; on brandy, from 16a. to Ss. 3d par fourth Congress the printing of the Globe cost same work, passes our comprehension. If the gallon; on Umber, from 7s. So. to Is.; on currants, fromWe perceive by the returns made at the last $257,904. A responsible party offered to do it extra penny is to remunerate the carrier, the 16s. 9d. to 7s.; on raisins and figs, from 10s Is meeting of the Ten Governors, that they have fig. on hops, from 46s. to 14s.; on chicory, frost$76,000 less. Wendell offered to do the print- system is wrong; the government should pay 16s. to 6s.; on agreement stamps from Js. U.now under their charge in the different public ing thirty per cent less than it cost, and Bow- its own servants. Another innovation may be to 3d. The duties are to be entirely aboUsaed Country, a work resolved upon by the Continental ging appeal to general or local memories, and institutions 8,327 persons. Out of this number man the other day admitted that he netted seen in the letter boxes affixed to the lamp on paper, butter, tallow, cheese, oranges, autmegiCongress, was inaugurated under the supervision oa? the result proved the honesty and loyalty of a committee of both houses of Congress. A gra- the patriot abnegation of self.there are probably 2,500 able bodied men. Why thirty-three per cent by selling out the job from posts on the street corners. cannot these men be put to work to clean theAlthough patent-and liquorice. Brokers' notes are to bear a stamp of oatcentrate against the agitators—against those the one side, the conservative masses in theCentral States demand the abolition ofOa Vn4«y Mroom of the House of Representatives, and about the same number of each were folded in the Senate folding room. For stationery, twineSenate.We may mention among the prolific sources to that time can be forwarded by the earlycircular will soon be issued by the new French Fore4|i Minister to the diplomatic agents abroad, which ssay Hcumstances may occur to render what mayCharleston shall select In this abnegation of appear wise now wholly inexpedient when of plunder the engraving. For instance, the morning mails. If Mr. Fowler will continue considered in some sort the programme of the taesmJThis determination on the part of the Nestor by the grave and reverend seignoirs of thePROVIDENTIALVISIT A TION.—Thecity ofPresidency. The Senate plunder is disposed of, and now cotemporaries may give it, is not quite as bad affords signal aid to a British ship in distress, was manifested by a democratic delegate to two factions of the republicans of the House— as Sodom and Gomorrah of old, and hasThe argument in the case of Forrest against For- and, at the hazard of life or great inconvenience, Syracuse, who asked one of the Albany the Bates faction and the Seward—are growl- not vet been wholly abandoned by Providence.The rain which fell yesterday, aad helped to Sheriff Kelly yesterday morning received a notifi- substantial manner, by presents of gold medals, Convention will select a good man." The butcher's stall, and they only suspend hostili- mighty, as well as the Corporation, has notcation from Albany to the effect that Governor chronometers, or other tokens of recognition of astonished rural politician exclaimed, "What! ties from the fear of a third dog[running awayMorgan had farther respited Quimbo Appo, the the favor done. We ourselves have not been you don't mean to say that you're going to with the booty. To-day the battle will be re- Chinaman, who was sentenced to be hanged in July backward in this regard, and a case now pre- let the Covention have anything to do with newed, and our readers may look out for alast for the murder of an Irish woman named sents itself where our action might be appro- it?" Perhaps if Thurlow could tell ns who desperate fightMrs.Fletcher.Thistothethirdreprievethisun-priatelycalledforth.ThereisatpresentinwillbeprintertotheHouse,wemightmakefortunate criminal has succeeded in obtaining, and this port the British ship Cambria, commanded a shrewd guess as to the "choice of our Con- SHALL THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE BE ABO-by Captain Russell, just arrived from Green- vention" at Chicago. Just as if the Convention LISHEO ?—The Iribune is right when it informs »next. ^ tanatf ^ j ^nprUin expired wich. Captain Russell, it may he remembered, had anything to do with it. indeed! the black republican members of the Houseabandoned us in our affliction and doomed usto destruction. Let us take consolation fromthis reflection. The rain which visited us yes-terday was a Providential act of mercy in cur Naples. Troops were sent, and a state of si*g* re-publicans, who have the control of the House,the great Presidential struggle which is to comeoff in November next General Scott, who maybe regarded as the very embodiment of conser-vatism, was present, and the applause withwhich he was received shows how the heart of ing which is supposed to secure its death in a of the hero of Italian independence. The very spiritedresponsible if this outrageous tax be not ture, composed for the Brooklyn Philharmonic Society,speedily abolished. The- Senate bill has gone to a select committee of the House, a proceed-was played, and was received with marked favor. A'ter the second act the curtain rose for the parformaoee of the Garibaldi Rataplan, composed by Hlgnor Musio, in honorttonforbrto«togahontapeace,and accepted.a would brobsbly » /has handsomely recognized the great metropolis of the country beats in quiet and agreeable way. The republicans de- composition was sung by all the principal artists of the • • * American seaman—Captain response to the rallying cry of "The Union and sire to bold on to the franking privilege, in order Academy, including Mmes. Gezzaniga and Coleoa, SiguoriAUSTRIA.Mtooonanaed that Austria refuses le so**» «• *pewsjalBtaiewMaBef Itogland for the setO«***J•l*0 ?* tisse previous to the loss the Constitution." But what is to be done that they may deluge the Northern and Central Brtgneu, £usini, Ainodio and Jane*, and the full cawua. Italian question, but the formal eosBmuBwe*w» «TJ*1** •fioient aid to Captainwiththiselement,whichfillstheAcademyofMusic and the Cooper Institute, in November?The only way to put down agitation, like thepresent one, Is for all opposition forces to con-States with their treasonable documents, suchThe Rat%(-Ian was received m the moat enthusiastic man- subject had not been received by England aad!T>easa.nerbytheaudience,and,inresponsetotheuniversalde AdvicesfromVeronareportgreatssiBtaryV****~~maol, wts repeated. After the encore the composer was there. Count DegenleM, commander of the *«**;wvsB " • %therefore, thatCaptainNas thespeech, and by so doing they will cut their ownthroatswith a two-edged sword;for,onHelperbook andSeward'sRochesteraad coke in I860, and on flax, hemp and other items /root the 1st of June, 1861. On the 1st of October, 1861, France wlU reduce the duttenon all articles of British product)* to an ad valorem duty of thirty per eent, and alter thm years to twenty-five per sent. England engages to red B« all duties on French manufactured goods. The treaty B to be In force ten years. He defended the ecuon of u s government in negotiating this treaty, the army esti- mates a r e £16,800,000, including £6,060,000 for the Cbiat war. The budget was received with cheers, and its coo federation fixed for the 20th.FBAJ1CE.The Paris correspondent of the London lista ssyisgovernment In its foreign policy it to to be emtosaUy pacific and friendly to all.It was roportedrat the French War Office that theortsr for the French army in Italy to he ready to aurcs •»» day's notice, had been countermanded.Le Ward publishes the text of M- Thouvenei t reoiy W England's propositions as to Italian affairs. » only objection raised to to the fourth proponha, which declares that if the Central Italian Bw* again vote m favor of annexation of territory s»w the necessity of oocupymg Tuscany la ease Piedmont m- Unties opposed to the annexation of Savoy and X « » France.Count Areas had left Turin for Paris, charged w*» «The Ministerial troubles still pervaded Kaptos, si the King had not given op the idea of ordering ha amy M pass the frontiers.presentdeplorablecondition,and,withtheaidclaimed.The resignation efFihagterri, the Neapousea Press*,They are quite different from the Paris boxes,of human agency in clearing the gutters, mighthave been the means of purification to thisdefiled metropolis; but we are sorry to say that had occurred among the stadents st f ispoken of.i Lord Palmeraton spoke against the ballot oa generalA revolutionary movement broke oot at Acra, ns* just BOW, the gratttneW onr-"*— * * * **" « * who endorse the Helper Hand Book aad utterthefrankingprivilege,and on theotherouch speeches as that of Seward atRochester.Thomas M. Tryniski309 Sou13069th 4th Street Fulton New Yorkwww.fultonhistory.com 