 0NEW YORK HERALD.i_i 11- ->ir-n~i—1*~~———————JAHKB OOROOI BEVUKTT, oiro* ANDnonuROB.NEW YORK HERALD, SATORIMX \JfcN* fr, l860.--lBIPlif*. w.o r BASSAIT am* m.*Qtf t n . dsy. The election wan completed, and the offi. stance of honor and honesty in U g h plaoescere wore duly Installed. A large amount of comes, like a rose in the desert, with an en- bournes* wan transacted of but little interest to the hanced beauty and fragrance.TWMWKMMIT MMMALD. «~ry . W i a f . <* »* «•*»«• Eastern Star Lodge win, after n spicy debate, dis JTMi f n * •"*"« .—*F ^ T ^ T ^ *ssLirffigi*it.sa.MiMt^«c*«M-tir4-ii posed of by suspending from office the officers who conferred the two degrees upon the candidate."rSFrAMIlT*BHULD m Wtd****, •* /bw ornBi 9» ^te^MTcakaMsroMJfMMCM.of Stats the annual report of that funct*o i *n on the criminal statistics of the State of Newmost elaborate defence of his friend Thuriowfv* O M * ll» sswttfe*****^£!1EL*wWABAACaVS T U i T MLAUBA U M M i J t / U M lI * "The Excise Commissioners held n mooting yes-terday afternoon, at which they granted thirteenlicenses. The extraordinary punctuality shown bythe Commissioners in holding their daily meetings ticularly on the Continent, surpasses anything is in consequence of the opinion of the Governor, that we can yet show. Russia has long boonthat the clerks of all criminal courts of record shall furnish to the Secretary statements as to the indictments tried in such courts, with other particulars, such as will be found in the table below. The report contains over a hundred pegfs of elaborate tables, which lose much of their value on account of the neglect of some of the clerks to comply with the law The Secretory ssys oa this point:—>*8BEI0TJ8f f W•Ml f AS-IH»M.1 Oast.fn«mr re*tion tai Sicily.From the accounts received by Che Africa, there no longer seems nay doubt of theBOWtBt.monarchical governments of Europe are more inbued with official corruption than is our own republican form, bad as we have come to be,inniN.TEIPLE SHEET.Mew York, Saturday, Jnne 9, 1800.character to the government account of this which reflects the highest honor upon him. Weaffair is the despatch published in the Paine, republish the debate in full in another announcing that, on the afternoon of the 21st, column, as a worthy lesson to our own the troops concentrated under the walls of members of executive and legislative bodies.Palermo had given battle to the volunteers of We commend the observations of Lord Paget Garibaldi and compelled them to retreat on the to the consideration of the Senate and House ofEuropean advices to the 27th alt The news is very stirring and highly importantthrough the Turin Official Gazette dona to the ticularly to the attention of those members of 24th, which represent Garibaldi as menacing Congress who may be more or less interested an immediate attack upon Palermo, the heights in claims before Congress—railroad schemes, round the city being in possession of the insur- land giants and mail contracts—by corporation!count ofthe five thousand dollar! noafoally "paidSaltan of soaUrruiag a oharaoter as to throe- the population in his rear, will find It impossibleSicilian insurrection into the shade. to effect his escape to the government frigates The treaty of Zurich had passed the Piedmontese cruising off the coast.might check a large portion of the malprac- tices by visiting with a proper reprobation the cases of inteiested action on the part of publicofficers whichdocometolight Not only do these not receive that condemnation which they deserve, but they are tacitly ad-oeived by Mr. Shepherd Koapp, President of the Me- tottcntothe Sense, asking tor authority to smapet ti chanics' Bank, of this city, who has courteously accepted tendance ef the following witnessce;—•Oaarlss A.especially so o r to resrnuasa are eos-erned. After argument the Board adjourned till Wedneadsy, when n decision on this question will he rendered. -.When corruption has invaded offloial posi-'be subject iaammediate attention. W e hope for ths best,ttst judging from the conduct of the Washiog- ton ladies, we have some natural fears as to the result of the Japanese visit to the commercial metropolis.The Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons tion everywhere, as seems to be the case at thehold their fourth session at Apolio Booms yoster present time, the sudden ap|>earance of an in-nave the largest stock of fine, well trained aaentvv BBSV s s m ^ w i p«wve»we smaw| W^BB} ,fB*«Js|Bspaw^Conioos Oawawcai or twoatvow Wain Br HIS FansID.-Yesterday the Chevalier Webb de*«fc CKaftttt it, ||e AC^aT ft! tim FfMo* Ii l¥mytiM|B."rBJl XU/XT MMMAXJt sw«ews»iwsej»WsymmswA, pobbc at large. The difficulty in regard to the The developements of our own investigatingINCREASE or Csisrs AT THHhare received from the bureau of the Secretary voted a column and a half of his space tea fsM tastf** Frtttst Itasigi eaa>expressed in his last Measage to the Legislature, known as thoroughly steeped in official cor- to the effect that the term of the commission ex- ruption; the Eynattea frauds leave Austriapires annually on the 11th of July, and that thefifty meetings should be held between the 1st of honesty in official position; the CrimeanWT •iZiaW AM**-—a—,^ttntifnai K*ra\ WD BUIUQD IO WO saw • DN%^BBBDD. UJ SaWSSBM, pa* Weed nve Uonsand dollars. This isiuflicientiy candid; bat the explana-May and that date.The cricket match between the Hew York nodCommitteedisclosed a disgusting stateof thingsPhiladelphia Cricket Clubs was concluded yester- of the English government; and theday, and ended in a draw.The parttsnas of Bell and Everett, the UnionPresidential candidates, held a spirited meeting at the Cooper Institute mat evening. A full report of the proceedingu is given in to-day's paper*ope rations of the Credit Mobilier in Paris hareJre sheriffs of tbe cowattes of Chautauqua, Chemung tion which follows to still better. S o says, Columbia,Delaware,Fulton,HamlM—,BsrUmer,Kt-„- "corruption to universal oa account of univer-I wi% LiYiefston, Orient, Otsego, PaUtam. BiobmeedRoc* ftd sod Schuyler hare made no report respecting sal suffrage," and it would be idle to denyOf the empire la public. We believe it may be Til* Mews few the Aft lest-Fregrssu of cave set down as a general principle that all tieToe cir.Th* of the foilowtag counties are dot oqusnt'inm'kitg returns Is regard to eourts of reoord.vli— Alie-rtioy.HaiaUtea.Herklmar, Putnam,Tompklosiuici Yatos,aadtoretardtocourtsofSpecialSessions,thecountiesof toaisatheuninitiated^continuestheChevalier, Erie, fiamlltoo, Herkimer, Lewis, Puinem, R'COSBOB*,Cat. Gestae Sea. S^SB5success of Garibaldi in bis movement although a recent occurrence in the BritishRockland, Seneca, SulUvsn, Tompkins sad Westchester.» willheperoeived,reaairy,thatIn theabsence ofre-t.) j,. tram the aaev* named counties, this report is necesimni; imperfectandisnomplete. Acorrectknowledgeof case of the Connecticut 0100000." We knew thes:tualextent,orproportionalIncrease ordecreaseof all about it, and proclaimed it to oar readers er me, cannot be obtained through this ehanaeLBow toe difficulties herein (reterred to are to be rem* - at the time, but did not then expect that so died and the deUBqaent officers made to comply with clean a breast would ever be made by one of the requirement of the law, is a matter for the Lsgis-u»n.iu to determine, the penalty of fifty dollars, pro- the culprits. "Mr. Weed," adds our contem- se ibtd by statute, for neglecting to mak» the required re-pose to his IShegreatchange iatbedistrictlafavoref(fee admmntrauoo, we*oa aeeaentef n , ^ of the democratic candidate, who eaeetestThtnalargeaumherofcoaianii laborers inand roOlcg mills, were eTSBSBSBBS* with the k>«< they were receiving, aad hsoeved it u be • esa*> quince of the want of a tariff, aad they hskevot that Col Scrantoa was just ths aasa to go to CMJreuses remedy the evil, ani accordingly they voted far a**, knowing him to be a conservative manMr. J. sBary Putettoo testified that he travslsl Uiraagh the dtrUi.t daring the contest, and never knew ef asp improper means being need to kaueace tbe twstlss ef CM Scranton, thai it was partly brought aboslkfeoraa- tea's extreme popularky, and the great disgust fBBwstj felt hi his district towards tbe present --Tmlrelm. From this last fact he received the support of many el a* leading democrats of MMdetfrtei.Dr.A.Davis,editorcftheScraaloaStroll, adsmea* lie organ, stated that he supported Co!. Scraaleu, test as never received a dollar for it, nor was he aware UM Baooey was paid to any eee. The unpopularity ef has democratic caod wate, aad the popularity of Senates, ;Ueted the totter.Mr. D. ft Keen, a lawyer of Pittsto*, at whose iatttor tion,itmsaid,MMchargesagainstCetoeel Scrantoowere brought, could testify lo nothing having a 1leg en the esse, end Governor Wtealew deehaed <It will be remembered that the diffleuHr between Messrs. Traia A Boostea origstatsd to the desire ef Go- vernor Wtaslow to obtain this evidence. The easamistes became so mortified at tne position ia which Koee piaead them, that the Ohalrsaaa informed him that heastgbig?; that tbe committee had decided not to pay saea for at- tempting to Mack mail the gc verameat This toft Koea ia a pecuniary dilemma. As soon as GMoaei Scrantoa beard of his misfortune, he sa d be weald leaner EseangnicBt Palermo. The story of his defeat atCalatadmi tarns oat, M It was believed to be, n far as regards a lack of honesty in legislativeweak invention of the enemy. The divisionunder Laade not only gained no advantageover him at that place, bat WAS itself routedbodies, we surpass our English cousins.The case we refer to ii an accusation brought against Lord Clarence Paget, junior Lord of theriarijE or Maaio, m BAflOSAU COUCH** SALOON.Bases, Daaoss, BenusscBaa, A*.ooaisaa or raiBTHwrrH Brass* am» roi/**a sent to oppose him, it is stated that 1,500 had ing and owning bouse, and therefore an las-AfWTJg"-Cauroeaia M u u u a , returned without arms, and the rest had either proper person to open contracts. His lordship He. BM BBOaDWAT -CALWOMIU aeae Mitfura HA deserted or been taken prisoners. Of a similar met the accusation at once, and in a mannert'lrte, has sever, to the knowledge of the uoae;signed, been attempted to be enforce!It will be seen from these statements that the real object of the law is defeated by the laziness or incompetence of some of the clerks. Either the law should be repealed, or the Le- gislature should take some measures to insure its enforcement.The report, however, is not without interest to every citizen. In the counties which have been reported an increase of crime is notice- able, and the figures in the following table are appalling:—2porary, "has been ia the legitimate receipt oftargej eats."So, then, it has come to this, that the bribery and coiruption in elections are rendered ne- cessary by "universal suffrage," and the re- publican party go into it strong, and Webb, the organ of Seward, pronounces it "legiti- mate." Weed carries the bag, and is corrup- tion broker-general for the whole party.But the benevolent Weed, according to the defence of hisfiiend Webb, paid five thousand dollars more than he received on ac-and driven into Falerme at fite point of thebayonet. Out of the C.000 men who had been Admirality, of being a partner in a ship buiUr'Legitimatemany receipt of large sums!"The laws*The Africa arrived at this port yesterday with road to Pnrtonico. We have now account* Representatives of the United States, and par-The accounts of Garibaldi's movement* are con-flicting, bat it is evident that np to the 2 JJ alt., thelatentdate received from Palermo, he had been gents. It is added that General Lanza had ofwhich they are members or attorneys. A generally successful, and a supplement to the Genoa demanded an armistice, but that it was refused study and a due regard on their part of thehim forwas zealously laboring for therepeal of the duty on wool," was only refunding him what he was out of pocket. How far this '-solution," as the Chevalier Webb calls it, mends the matter for Weed, we leave Our readers toMorimerUo of the 23d states that he had enter- him. He seems to have adopted every precau- motives which induced Lord Paget on oneFemales 228 Under 1* y"s.. — T5to21 193.2,41* 478 6,480 351 9,010 815 SO 14 13 391 622 614 846 253 2,393ed Palermo with nine thousand infantry and asquadron of cavalry amid great popular enthusiasm.and that the Neapolitan troops had laid down their•a to 25UnknoenUnited States... Germany8 25 _ 817 Bead and write.1,010 1,049 173 240tag aoy more wttairese, declaring that hethat there was an foundation for the report, aad he weeM take BB early occasion to viadseato Colonel Scrantoa agamst the charges upon thefloorof the Housetion of defence that military experience could occasion to decline official position, and on sHggest. His army has been concentrated another to sell his property ata sacrifice that he under the walls, so as to enable him to give might accept it, would not only improve our398 617 286 1,643 201 2,862anna. A despatch from Naples of the same date,however, says that the revolutionists -encamped battle with his whole force, and redoubts have legislative bodies, but would go far towards2,689 843 293 485 686 7,374 ess 10,227 — 419 268 3,637 787 li,SC6 73 1,403 69 666 31 281 4 118 1 80 _ 642 697 7.664been erected at elevated points commandingtheir position, and pursued for some distance with the toads. With an insurrectionary committee checking the spirit of corruption which nownear Palermo had been beaten twice, driven fromconsiderable lose. It is quite certain that np to the actively at work inside the city, the agents ofgiving a healthy tone to public opinion, and633 4,093 978 6,416131 — 464 1,648 639 6,648 189 75083 317 27 146 18 7616 23 201 — 9C6 8,899 208 739pervades official position amoog us, whether it 'lid of Hay Garibaldi had not entered Palermo; but disaffection as busily employed in his own be high or low.the fact that he had been able not only to maintainhis position, but to gain ground, is evidently greatly ranks, and a leader like Garibaldi ready to The present acts of Congress and State lawsin his favor. Our London correspondent states dash in and take advantage of every opportu- to prevent detriment to the public interests in that the enthusiasm in England in favor of the nity that these influence* may give him, it can such matters are not as full and as Sicilians is immense. be seen that the royal force, though numerically explicit as they ought to be. It shouldOar Paris correspondent informs as that the ex- strong, is not to bo relied, upon, and that the be made a felony for any executive citement in Naples consequent upon the Sicilian position of its chief is one of the most discour- or legislative officer to become person-Unknowninsurrection was very great, and that the King was preparing to nee.is therefore probable that the next arrival will to which he has any official power or which ers for inquiry into the condition of the Christians bring us the account either of the complete de- is pending before any of the public depart-The proposal nude by Russia to the great Pow-ploy " large sums of money" in bribery and corruption.aging that a commander can be placed in. It ally interested in any matter in relation1^07 6,822 896 2,696 136 —1,010 12,945 213 4,772 — 316feat of the government troops under the walls ments in which he may have official influence. between France and the other great Powers. A of the city or of their desertion to the insur- An equal evil to the incompleteness of our laws rumor was current In Paris that the MonUeur was gents en masse, thus compelling the capitula- exists in the laxity of public sentiment in rela- aboot to publish a speech from M. Lavaletto to the tion of their leader, who, with a disaffected tion to official corruption. The public itself63 168in Turkey had caused considerable correspondenceAid to Uavrlbalctl.TO 1EE BDITOB OF- THE NSW TOOK HIBAXD.Our Brooklyn neighbors are as bad, or worse,inproportiontotheirpopulation,than we are, the number of cases reported being over eleven thousand. And this under the shadow of all the pulpits, libraries, free schools, free presses and free institutions generally. It will be well for the parsons to notice in the above table that two-thirds of the whole num- ber of persons brought before the courts "had had religious instruction,"whilenot one-half could read or write. This does not speak well for the pulpit of New York, which, with a few exceptions, has been so demoralized by the abolitionists that the influence of the clergy is decidedly on the wane. *the South we find comparatively little crime, and no pauperism worth mentioning. Andyet the politicians and philanthropists of the North are continually writing and talking about the wickedness of the South, forgetting altogetherHen-era, one of his partisans, had left for the Uni- the position of affairs at the latest dates. The prepared quarters for the guests of the city- the skeletons in their closets. Would it notChamber of Deputies, and the discussion on the treatyoftheannexationofSavoyandNicebad been set down for the 3Sth of May.As regards the prospects of the insurrec- tion in the other parts of the island, the news is equally satisfactory and Inspiriting. Al-UHstask.American press please copy.General J. AVEZZiNA, President For the Committee. 8t. DAIJUZIO BrBBBT. N o . 5 , > Moairo, May 18, I860. /aadAlexanderHey,ofNewYork;GideonWesctMaai Albert Sebooeld, of PbuadeJphia; aad Wax, Kearne, ef Reading, Penes) iranisJohn B. Hankie win tsetiry before the committee to -morrow, ia ezptonaudn of osrtoia things testified to byConsiderable excitement existed in Berlin andParis ceacerning certain letters, written by the though no actual rising had taken place at mitted to be smart things, and the man whoPrince Regent of Prussia to Prince Albert relative to Napoleon TIT., and which had mysteriously come into the hands of the latter, full particulars of which we give elsewhere.Messina, the feeling of the population of that city had been manifested in the departure of large numbers of its inhabitants and the deser- tion of a portion of the garrison to join the in-makes a fortune through them holds up his head among us without a blush and without re- buke. Even more: this same public openlyBeard of Administration of the Funds for One MilJon Buttorworth, see wUl probably state aesae things wltbto Garibaldi Guns, No 988.GSXKKAL—The Board of AdmiaistraUoa sends you his knowledge about the Lecomptoa oooetttutton, end howconsents to the framing of a code of libel laws, ItwasannouncedthatthemonstersteamerGreat surgents. Notonlywerethe latter receiving bytheseverypeculatingandcorruptlegislatorseastern would positively sail for New York on the continual reinforcements from the interior of9th inat—to-day. Should she answer the expecta- tions of all parties, her arrival at this port may be looked for on Monday week.The financial and commercial news by the Africa is of the same date as that received by the PrinceAlbertOur London correspondent states that Mr. Dowand officers, under which the public journalistthe island, but large parties of volunteers weredisembarking along that portion of the coast nounced guilty of felony, and incurs the riskfresh levies of volunteers; so that the obstacles ing.the referee in the late prize right, had con- anticipated from the unprepared condition ofin Congteas yesterday. In the Senate a bill to carry int. effect treaties with Japan, Siam, China, and other Eastern nations, was passed. Aboot tot :y private bills were also passed. In executive session U e Srn.ite confirmed a number of appoint me nts, including that of Mr. Appleton, as Minister to Russia.play, which will attract thousands of peopleIn the House the consideration of the Missouri contested election cant was resumed, and Mr. Barrett, democrat, was ousted from his seat and Mr. Blair, republican, put in bis place, and doty qualified as. a member. The report from the Ju- diciary Committee, declaring that the House dis- sents from the doctrines eaotainodinthe President'sWe are with trade and commerce-—we have fewof that class which the gentry of England re-of Memphis, are stopping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.C. H. Atwood, Bvq , and party, of Taunton; Col. Say- moor, of Rockland, aad F. Laehmeyer, Esq., of Montreal,sras no fW**po*s>%jf!|M*twooit^xtto aaceraisiransTdnsnnfen onopni by An destructionof too Quarantine buildings win held yesterday.Counsel for one of the claimants rained the pointthat damagea could be recovered not only far tooactual loan at the time of the destruction of thepelled to fly from the Impending revolution. Ambassadors into committing suicide oa theBut it may also be used to defeat the efforts of spot The ladies must restrain their curiosity, pwtbaldi tiid hit volunteers to effect a land- or be kept away from the Japaaese altogether.commands a higher price now in this country ^kt^m^mmM 1 JI fj~LM i n * j4m (^— irtruttera. Uawiaeiextending from Cape Boco to the river Girgen- ti. They were bringing with them all the stores,of serving a term in the State prison, while thetrue felonies go unpunished, and even unre- arms and ammunition necessary to provide f0r proved. It is time that public opinion shouldThis state of things is not peculiar to our city. All over the North and West pauperismbegin to move in this matter.fessed to a confidential friend that he had $500 the insurgents would appear to be in a measure OFFICIAL RECEPTION OP THH JAPANESE IN NEW and ciime are on the increase. If we look atstaked on Bayers.We have advices from Venesuek to the 15th nit.obviated.YORK.—We publish to-day the official pro- gramme arranged by the Committee of the Common Council for the reception of the Japa-Our Havana correspondent mentions the reportof another slaver having been captured, with 100negroes en board, making a total of over 2,900 at the moment they find the royal cause andmarkable a stimulus and reached so highapoint within the same space of time as in the possible. The reception, according to our Bug. United States. The English turf—the fascina-Key Went The murderers of Aguero. were gar their own* privileges seriously endangered, itroted on the morning of the 2d.But little business of importance was transactedtions of which are shared in by all classes offee community—has given a prominence to the from all parts of the surrounding country and culture of the thoroughbred racer in that coun-will be impossible to count upon their fidelity. So rapid have been the progress and success of the insurrection that it carries us on In ad- vance of events. Before oven Palermo is cap- tured we ore led to inquire what will be the next step taken whenever Garibaldi is master of the principal seaports. Will he lose time in giving political effect to his conquests, or will he at once invade the mainland,.and take ad- vantage of the enthusiasm excited there by them? Judging from the impulsive cha- racter of the man, and his usual tac- tics, we should say that he will no sooner have hoisted the national colors on the walls protest message relative to the action of the Covode of Palermo and Messina than ho will makegestion, commences with a grand military dis-As far as we can glean from the conflictingThere was still bat little improvement In the affairsof that country. Gen. Monagas was making pre- accounts published on both sides, the above nese Embassy, and also a description of the psxstioee for a campaign, and it was said that Gen. statement presents a tolerably exact view of manner in which the Messrs. Leland havething in your well appreciated newspaper toe follewlog note. Sure of your kind compliance, the Board of Adtcin istration think it superfluous to add either scliciietioas or aanr thank*GUI5EPPE FINZI, EN2IC0 FE3ANA, tne Board of Ad- m'ni»tration.BOARD OF ADMLS'ISTRATIO* OF TAB FOBS FOR THE MiLUO-N(UBUULDI O A3The Board of Administration hare several times invited House tomorrow by Mr. Ely, of New York, aad sldresssated States with the intention of purchasing atetm. announcement made in a postscript by the The Ambassadors may be expected here aboutOpinione Rationale, that Garibaldi had the 13th, and sightseers from the provinces government seemed determined to entry- on the rendered himself complete master of the will do well to arrange their affairs so as to bewar, and Congress had authorized it to borrow fivemillions of dollars for that purpose, i !en. Castro island, axd had been proclaimed Dicta- here on Monday week. We are very glad tobe as well for some of the philanthropists who are so anxious about the black man to study the above table intently, and then turn their attention to the white men, women and chil-majority. Bis generally conceded thai tbe ingenious legal erguBenti of Mr. Marston, of New Hampshire, sad Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, contributed mors to seeare Mr. Blair his seat than any other influence.TUX oaaiH or a s aruocGmera to aid tne former. On the other hand, the actualwas still in prison. BythesteamshipBUtimore,whicharrivedonthe7th at Baltimore frum Havana, we are in receipt of later advices from Mexico. There is no additional newsofanyconsequence.tor, we regard as premature. By this learn that the Aldermen show some disposition dren of the Empire City, held in the bondageall these who may have in deposit some sums odered to the Xhiiooai fund for the purchase of one million of guns proposed by General Garibaldi, to send as aoon as possi- ble such amount to the laid Board of Administration in Milan,street8tDalmsz.oNo.5.All our tnvHattoi8 did not prore successful enough, so- cordirg to our sanguine desires.It is in the presence of the events of the day that we Iterate oar soficlutious more warmly than ever.thesaidBoardfindthemselvesunderveryimperious circumstances, for which at any cost they moat provide, h*not(Bfull,atleasttoagreatextent Theyareentrust- ed by the General to repeat constantly to tee nation toe words which be expressed on his (.'eparture towards toe heroic Sicily. At the same time, the sail Board declare that they are quite busy in preparing toe accounts of the money received, which will be soon published. lais is another rearon why those who might have say sum ia their hands should send it in without any delayThe Board of Administration thus sneaking fulfil one of their duties. Let everybody perform his own. it will bewill be made by Mr. Etbendge, of Tennessee, ths col- league of the deceased oa the Committee on Indian ifisue, aad Messrs. John Cochrane, Fentoa sad Spsaiilag, ef New York.xa noccLAS'a vsaunsMr. Deegtos will act proceed u New Fork at preseet,owingtotheillnessofMr*.Douglas,whoisalsonrfda- pressed in 1 pints by tbe death ol her cluid.ASTAVISO*HOSOSA8SThe Madison (Wmcoosia) Patriot 0: J u e I CJuUias «aeditorial disclaiming the libelous ejucia afelastJehe F . Potter, signed by Berlafa "Brown. The artels eioreene regret that it appeared, aad says bout the responsible editors were absent when tbearticle was pubimaol, sad that Brown took ilbsrty with the columnstime,however,bothevents mayhavebeenac- totaketheadvice wehave giventhem from complished; for, once master of Palermo, we time to time, and that they are getting up inofignorance,viceandcrime?We perceive thai. Austria has already sent a flotilla of armedsteamers to the Neapolitan coast, with what object remains to bo soon. Itupon any occasion on a fair road. 1 WL_. Mr. A Wtey. A Oh**jB Mr OeMer,t h e culture of saddle horses and animals to Means lMaalfsr. a Ferris, Booker, Dfsnmstant. • "--Ursa aad IV,/Batcommittees reek in the face of the community; but those recently brought to light la Austria •urpass anything that wo hare yet exhibited A s a general thing we do not doubt that the extent of corrupt practices in Europe, and par-Weed, ia demolishing "a combination of men York during the rear 1859. This report is and partial afjajja* Mf personal and political made turner the act of 1839, which provides character such as has seldom been witnessed in this country." The most amusing part of this singular defence is Webb's iflssheWi of 'one specific case of bribery and corruption" againstA Split in the House Judiciarrwithout too shadow of a claim toin thecontract departmentalways been considered as intimatelyd with official turpitude, although no investi- gating committee washes the dirty liaonHouse of Commons leads us to suspect that, sowho exposes these infamous practices is pro-do not believe that the government troops' their English very rapidly; with hard work allcouldbegottomakeastand againsthimany- nextweeksomeof themexpect tobeabletowhere. These mercenaries have been kept to- put together a few sentences with a decent cultivation of the horse has acquired so re-gether only by large pay and gratuities, and regard to rhetorical and grammatical rules. We hope they will keep as clean and sober asconnect-ccav!C«ictsineeurtsofreooM;sBn BOreports h»ve o*ea received from the eheiifls of she BMBtieS of C-jluxbi*, Erie, Otesia. Use res Bed Rensselaer respecUsr CMVIO noes n scurta of special sessions.No reported...1,33514*2 1,181 1,169 4,028 872 9,010Cannot read orHad religious In slrocttonNever had141 2,629 61 902967 2,946 236 1,10» 181 — S91 6664308,640Parents II? inf..Falser living..Mother living.. 413 276 Parents dead... 618 2,932836130174668 7,801 729 12,305 842 _ 842 •64 4,692 437— OT Before oeev'd.. 392 3,163in I860, aad desired to verify his testimony by the pro-894 796 879 1,056 1C9 46339 164 83 38 420829 1,249 626 2,61330 263 804 1,028 794 2,382 194 16962 140 17 67 6 12284 24T 16345 222,0ZS 2,621 1,7066S6 1884,120 1,687 9.6C8 1,223 18,020HORSEFLESH IN TH« UMTBO STATKs.--There is perhaps no other country in the world where the269 3,703 MO 4,64296524 4,870— _ _ 263judge. But we cannot refrain from expressingour fears that the right hand man of Seward inthe interior of the State will not thank hisfriend in this city for his defence in the matterof "five thousand dollars for free wool." It iscertainly a most extraordinary mode of white-washing "the personal and political characterof Mr. Weed." One thing is clear from thisexpos : it is confessed by a distinguishedleader of the republican party, which to labor- the means to reaoh home.1,122 321 764242 78 1762,680 761 1,828180 87 14 151,462ing to oust the democrats from power on ac-THB tosBY coRjtrrnoxxsrs rs ra£ HJCSS.Amoog the disgraceful scenes in the House repealed from day to day, Is the fact that the meat veaa! joBbere about the Oapltol are allowed to eater the ELoite, aadare We have before referred to the unofficial procured for it a kind of fraternal and fostering Captain Shannon, of the SSBBSBBBIP Africa, is stopping at frequently seen occupying members seats and i>anging upon the sofas aad annoylag members at tbe writtegtry, and the proverbial love for the hunt in the only a little less than that which participated character of the English gentleman has encir-GIUSEPPE FINZI,from other cities. We expect to see a crowdKSRtCD BE3A.NA,The Board of Administration.in the cable celebration two years ago.cled the equine race with peculiar interest, andjoy Cortesi's fine performance, hear the won- 1atbbone, Esq., of Albany, are stopping at the St Nicho of ietttog out the floor to persons engaged npoa msaseresderful high note of the tenor, Musianl, about come to outstrip the mother country in the as Hotel.Dt. D. & Edwards aad lady, of WaahlBgtM, a n stopwhich the entire fashionable world has been in number of our race horses and in the beauty ping at the St. Denis Hotel.a state of excitement since Wednesday last The directors, however, must make some ex- traordinary police arrangements to repress the rush of crinoline, which will be something tre- mendous. At the Piccolomini matinies, the ladies used to behave as badly as the unterrined demo- cracy at big meetings in Tammany Hall. The crush at the Academy doors was so dense, and the struggle so fierce, that many of the fair craftreceivedseriousdamagetotheirsailsand rigging, and were obliged to lay by for repairs.Our despatch front Washington states that the may be intended merely to afford refuge to the Of course this crowd wfll be quadrupled for veteran Major General Jeans was struck with royal family in the event of their being com- the Japanese maUn'e, and it may frighten theCommittee, was taken np and adopted by a vote o87 to <0. Messrs. Houston and Taylor, the minorityo: the committee, presented a counter propositionwhich they eJfcred as a snbstitnte tor the originala dash for the Cambrian shore and trust to the same chances that awaited him in his descent upon Sicily. If Naplei is to be freed, no time must be left for foreign intervention to stay theand perfection of the breed of horses generally.Tbeie are cot more than six thousand animalsia England at present equal to making anyshow on the turf, while there are in the UnitedStates not les3 than eight thousand—includingtrotters and racers—which can make their Wood and wife, of Keawsky, are stopping at the Everett bers of the Senate to-day relatire to ths tariff. Tbe Fi-but the chairman of the committee, Mr. Hickmanrefused to entertain the subject Mr. Houston course of the insurrection and to confirm thesaid it waa understood he should have an opportu-nity of offering hi* report, and owing to the dis- maining half of the fair dominion which they courtesy of the majority Messrs.Houston and Tay- have so shamefully enslaved sad oppressed lor declined serving any longer on the JudiciaryCommittee, but pending the qeeatton of excusing,the House adjourned.John HaigB, F. J. Haigh, T. M. Beaker, and H. Lovett, all of Ergland, Mr. WTH. Palmer, of the British army;existing dynasty in the possession of the re-House.mask in their respective paces. Of these athousand trotters and five hundred racers beloag regularly to the "profession," and the restmaybecountedontodosomething handsome nraBaUantlna,MrsSmith,B£_BailantiaeTjHNteBrla.dthan anywhere else oa the globe. It is not an San, r Bacanaan's log. Matters are now hastening to a crisis The dictates of common humanity and the in- untommon thing for a gentleman to pay ten BsvBrBcwhich will compel the European governments to show their hands. Naples 0800 freed from her oppressors, the means and manner of herterests of South street alike demand some little sacrifice at the hands of the maids and matrons of Manhattan. Why do they not hold a meetingthousand dollars for a team of bloods fsr pri-Wasanweew, a y ^ v v• •1y Monttsea>-J Ferris aad tedy, 0bttikHnge, but also for lenses rennlttng an a conse- deliverance may servo as precedents for the and arrange some definite plan as to the man-for a pair of good coach horaes, while ladies' Fesdon,Pis1 Mashrfaddle horse* often command from five to six Br JOHM. PB-Brtc Das** Euauey-JeaaeaOquent thereftca. I U J js no Jppoitftit point,liberation of Venetia andUntitled Documentner in which they will receive the Eabassy'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069hundred dollars apiece, and sometimes up tocare. But in this country—overwhelmed as the as:or Bouse.Dr. J. C Newman, of Nashville, and Dr. H. R. Koban,preparations to do honor to the Embassy, theprojected files champetre and the grand operatic matin e, when Signor Muzio's original Ja-panese March will be played. There will be agood programme, and the Ambassadors can en- of leisure even among the wealthiest of the South Carolina; Dr. i. H. Payne, of Bangor: Dr. 8- M.community; nevertheless, of late years we have Coate, of Salem; ,Dr. Wlthwell, of Cincinnati, end Joeltable*. A crowd of employes about tbe Capital, who have no right upon the fleer under tbe rules, are tolerated daily l>y the doorkeeper and hischlefiIndeed, the practice has come to be somany members complain, and threaten to ofisr a rssola-ttoe of censure upon the doorkeeper. The name systempresent, and absolutely no such thing as men are stopping at the Leiarge HcuseMr. N. S. Queries, of Washington; Mr 1. B Vance, cfxua in harness has of late years reached a veryhigh point with us, end horseflesh generally Oweaaaad r.OWJosJjser, B H Ires Jr. A MeesaLC4W*vate use, and two thousand or three thousand WB Mmo&K-r^ua?Mrs^. rs^^c *^: dollars hi not considered an extravagant price J c ."mmWimfmWTm^mmWW*la this— —his immaculate friend.He says:—ILLHBS8OF O H ,j *sTJP.that "money to largely used to carry every election ia every State ia the Union, and every year increases the necessity for the use of money in carrying elections." "It would as-"to snow aow severely (he republicans of this city and elsewhere were made to 'bleed' ia thesums from the party forbribery andcorruption, and'woolstatistics,'because heAfter tbe otamtoartaa of the bar sinusitis name*, count of corruption, that the republicans are the Committee, through a suggestion of Mr. Wiat.on, ordered all the other witnesses, a large batch, tone da* unscrupulous in the use of the moot vile means charged. Bad Mr. Corode's original prepostaoe been to accomplish their objects, and that they em- heeded, as stated In this correspondence, to ssndfertaro or three witnesses to test tbe strength of the charges, the government would be one thousand dollars better off It anthey are by the proceedings of to-day.Wm. B Mann,'District Attorney ef Philadelphia,tes-tified to the blackest ttosttoa corruptions ia PhiiadetphtaNKW YOBK, JOB* 7,1S80.Never oonv'd.. 998 1,067 868 4,616 406 US The following letters have been addressed to the aader- duction or records, but some members of toe (— _ HI mm 276 too wrtter by the Central Board of Admia1stration of the objected, aad declined to enter toto tbeosee at all. 77 866 3C6 6,858 IS 6,641Intemperate.... DVD 3,709 1,331 3,653 934 10,400 Garibaldi Ponds ia Mllano, aad the conunJUes urges Mr. Train, from the CovoJe Committee, ottered a 612 — —• — 276 936 again the generous souls, whose oblations will be rethanks tor all that you have dose and win do for the advantage of the national aubacripUon Ton already kaow Cotoeel Forney has been aabpmaed to appear hefor the that General Garibaldi Isnow la Sicily. There be shallreapnewlaurelsforthewelfareofItaly. Wemosthelp CovodeCommittee,andwilltestifytomorroworoaMea- him by all means. These are the words he left us before day.bis departure. The destiny of saeh an Important part of The committee will probably conclude their iavestigs- Italy depends very much upon the aettstanoe that win beafforded to Garibaldi. Yon, General, psesess with jus- ttoainatowdays. The evidence it already going through tice a great influence there—you nave an authority; take the press, and the report is being prepared,advantage of it, aad endeavor to send us Immediately all re* PBssrBsarr'a rBonwr NBSSAOBthe funds possible. They will do a great deal of good,and the quicker they arrive the more useful they will be. The Bouse sustained the Covode Oemmtttee to day The Board of Administration begs yon to bare the en-closed ci.-cular published in the American newspapers: it against'the President's protest, and would bave asewead will serve the object entnntel you. Mr. Houston from acting oa ths Judiciary OHMsailin hadTo General JOSKPQ AVISZAKA, New York. not Mr. Taylor jumped into tbe same boat and savedP. S.—Witb your kind letter of the 10th of April we re him. The qnesttca, however, Is still ponding, aad be aaay oeived the list of thesubscribers to the national fundfor yet be taken at his word.the Board of Administration. ESRIX) BKSANA.TO THE SDITOB OF THS NSW VOSK HSBALD. nm stasoCTu oornamD siacnoeMILAM, May 18, ISOO. As I indicated in 1ny despatch a few days s.ace, Mr.You w.:J perform a work eaUaraUy patriotic by pub- Blair obtained bis seat to-day by the close vote ef torseadvantageous to all.I'sraonal Intelligentr .Mr. J. L. Holt, of Texas; Dr. J. B. Forsyth. of Massaeha- aeits; Dr. Cuyler aad Mr. M. Mayo, both of the V. 8. army. W. lendleton, Esq.. of Maryland, aad W. ft Spetcer.Eiq , of South Carolina, are stopplig at the Me tropettaa Betelwho employ certain officers of the House, tost was practised la the Thirty fourth Oongrest, bat been renewed -lnce Mte new doorkeeper and his tttiataat were chases. The House should enforce its rules, sod set sitow then to be thus violated.fBB XABIVF SUA a»D IBB *fl^)0,CO0 1QA*Gov. Curiln, the republican candidate torOevaraeref Mr. J. H. Morse, Esq., of MisaBBBffstlts, and A. a Pennsylvania, hi bete, and had a* interview wtth ntsss-Arrivals and Depnrtmrts. ABJUTAXS.nance Committee have not Anally conMwasd toabacdoa the tariff, bat have postponed the COSBSBBTSBBB of the subject until Monday next. The probabuuy, Inwever,Jej that an attempt will be made to ignore the tariff, aad the twenty-onemillionloan,Insertedbyto*rtpsWeeBS<»• BouseasanIncentivetothedemocrats«fthe 8ssnto,wat be asked for m a separate biU. This ertfl be desasraleiF opposed by the friends of the tariffTbe Usance Committee leetuned the dtossadoa ef SB* Tariff hill to-day, h o t came to a c os»*l*ttsa,snd seal pesMd It for further uimssdsistlna w^Meadayi whea by gaaoraiagTissninl She bnlMtotoxacted upon Mr. Boater, the Chatosaa*, wfll preeabiy be authorised by the eomattttoe to report toe bai.sWxtof, cot afl that portten retotiag to the tariff,tor.vtogOsa twenty milnon loan. The minority wfll endeavor to bring tbe entire bill before the Senate, wtth avteref getting a veto epoa ii-THS ananssiow or n w uIt Oasserted that Senator Br'gltt. viJ no'. vXJ t* •Bwsll GCaMit was attempted to be carried.The death of Mr. Burroughs will be enaouneed ia the www.fultonhistory.comMArajUAs-Behr A sUddteOa, Jr-Wm P SaUjbury. Jr. 