 $4.R• ig. absolute kind of security for the billholders thanid. Murphy, Prosser, Robertson, Sessions, Spinola, Truman—17. NA YS—Messrs. Abell, Bell, Ferry, Goss, iMwrerice, McGraw, Montgomery, Mvnroe, P. P. Murphy, Ramsey, Richmond,Rotch, Warner, Williams—14.to maie such sale, conveyance, or contract, without the assent of ber hu&bund.SEC. S. 6uch amplication may be made by petition, verified by her, and »cttiug lorth the grounds cf such application. If the husband be a resident of the county, and not under disability,:i I, creditor.furnish a subject of inquiry, and that much wfonnalion is requisite before it.will be safe or de- mrabie.to attempt any new legislation. A commit-the slave system. I have faith, therefore^ that when is of «ge, who shall settle upon and oultivate the same, knowing you come to deliberate upon matters of national con- that the primary effects of the measure woold be to attract im- cernment, and to take your place as an integral por- migration to the West and to exclude Slavery from the Xerri- tion of that great parry which has assumed the task of tones.*Western States an Empire-.; Virginia, Kentucky, andTennessee another; ail the negroes will have iiimteddown the MLatsltsi^pi, or placed themselves on theWest India Islunds, and made a *mcond Japan out ofslave race, borne with indifference by tho nation, that it may t>e well doubted whether any direct action in that behalf, even to the.renewal of the slave trade, would produce a cruris in our history and politics. But when the conflict between different systems becomesYork ae fast as the same shall be reulized, by the »afd Mayor, Aldermen, aud commonalty, to the credit of the sold Board of Commissioners, with the New-York Life Insurance and Trust Company, or with the United States Trust. Company of New- York, or with »uoh bank a« has beeu or shall be do»tgnutod by said Board; such moneys shall be used and appropriated by aaidbed alter retiring. Mre. Degan was badly W und it was deemed necessary- to remove her tn« nospi- tal. Damage to furniture about $5.FIRE UN' FIFTY-SECOND STREET—COXXUION BETWEEW POLITICIANS AND THE POLICE.About 11 o'clock on Saturday nigbt, a fire broke o«t in a small frame building on Fifty-socond «£*£>>£ tween Ninth and Tenth avenues, oooupwa by KODor*•i* I i\Mexico in that happy condition sale. Bouquet s of every grade of beauty and costliness, jn- which the* Cunard- contract expires. The There are two wed milked and distinct political par- from the foil drees article, with its dara/y camellias, Company appear to rely upon two things ties in the country, the one known by th^ name of Lib- and pink and white rose-buds, at three or four seudi for - future success—an increase of business eral, Democratic, Progressive aud Reformers, Puro, each, to the modest bunch of violets and bachelor's consequent on.the revival of trade and travel, Chinajo, Fagarno; Feoeralee; the other, Conservative, buttoiif-, at as many baiocchi, were temptingly dis- and an.imperial subsidy. The former, they may Rtacti nary", Church party, Army party, Mochos. placed in the faces of the passers by, and out of every calculate on with a pretty near approach to cer- The mass ot tue former party contains an immense shop window hung great bundles of wire-masks and email tin scoops, which indicated clearly the kind ofonulflerable length, and lost. Mr. Blood moved to tine and imprisonment. This bill ought to be so amended as to disfranchise forever any person con-,;.snaking the. ocean rate of postage on our steamers3d. sterling instead, of 4d., and this, although shown remarkable energy and ability. All that man every man, woman and child who make up the motley Bngl&ndpays not a farthing of subsidy to our line, coald do with such • elemen'-s with him and against multitude, with hands filled with confetti, anl eachGaz-diVier^'ran^Hammond, Hillhouse, A'ei/y.Ketcriam,Lapham,Lawrence, Manierre, J. M. Murphy, Roberuon, Sessions, Sj/ino- tures since I sent a synopsis of its provisions to T H E la—18.' TRIBUNE.| *TORONTO,M«rch13y>1860.<The I/»g*8latorvy which oonwneisoed ita session at important and cheering tenth. -We commend it to thehalf-anhour.A. A. MYERS movod that, it being St. Patrick'sDay, the Houee adjourn. ,T-o amend the Charter of the New-York College of Physicians and Surgeons.To amend tbe Charter of the Orient Wharf Com- pany, by increasing their -capital. stock for the purpose of extending their wharf.To incorporate the St. Stephens College at Red Hook.Ako some of mere local interest.Adjourned at 12 o'clock.From Onr Own Correipondent.AlBAJiY, Saturday, March 1 1800.TOfXlN-G nAI£,KOA»6.andtheaaidBoardofSupervisor*ahallaniuiuyraWiS^2!ff"A by tax, upon tb« eatatoa, real and personal, •abia^WfaSSf** according to law, within*i'-jt Quebec on 4he-2Sth nit,, rushed, at once into serious :. weTk. Instead of debating tfce address in answer to the Royal Speech for two or three week?, as has often hajjvened on previous occasions, the Legisla-* ^rre Assembly pasted the address a t a single voting. ' 2»nsediate)y thereafter, the two Houses went ae-VSaturday was the first day of the Carnival. MoBtiT'i •' ; i"M 1 •v >' » M• }••I . '' 1 H,and that we may be pre*uincd to .have the right to - -carry letters as cheap as we think proper, in a line .. «f steamers supported wholly out of our owu means.him it appears to me that he has done to retain the Presidency of the central • district of the-Republic, and to aubdne the «reat circle of Scutes that surround him; he would go where he pleased it he could keep theraised against its neighbors, and pelting them with all the earn-rstnese of a desperate couflict; the street mud hidden beneath tho debris of broken bouquets and an atmosphere of chalk pewder, and flying rose leavesMr. Spinola now moved to reconsider the motion to recommit, for the purpose of striking out the clause in regard to fare, which was carried hy the following vote:Its leading feature now is, that the appointing powerin the city is.taken entirely from the Common Counciland divided, rather unevenly, between the Mayor anditTo b*«in, I consider our bonds the best security that from the festival half of its pictureeqeness and much of germ of civil feud. It is not worthy of the ambition, but trifling loss, Taluables.'c A collision occm Mastei-son family, Peter Masterson, brother attempted was tobd he cooi<i •fixemen wore a t « Masteteon went»--cap, and dared i -•WHrf&eosaedt en - and tbe pobcemrc!insistedtfcattheo ' and thither both r -Tto'make a complai• tenance fell CODBK • vras fho prisoner -Justice Connolly,rescue. Notwii hi • tho Mast*reon fa.?election last Fall., the prisoner at L b and answer tCELEBRATJOrrr"" 9L Patrick took •aide of his friend,!of his favorite i.sie ' "nro!ay? on which tc ; The Celticpepniatfired thousand to i aud military aesoc the Park to Chior xa the world." 3. ing babies .dreew green, and blithe1 hlem; all, withsu in their hats, vhour, for theThe Park itselfcrowded in the' thousands of pe<' blue and green, blance from the ^- that assemble at gaudy mingb'nga• Jove to depict.At 12 nunuteri <appeared at the e1rupt, law are. never wanting. So it is in Upper i Canada at present, where no bankrupt oninaolvent ..Jaw exists. In Lower Canada the law provides for . the distribution of the estate equally among all his . creditors, of any person against whom a judgmentThe nation is bleeding, itsoif into better health. Out- tide we hear a good deal of the bigotry aud intolerance of the Church; bigots some of them are., but intolerant they are not. No man is molested, nor bored iuto their ideas; and at the mines of lieal del Monte, thethe field and the shop, you have experience of that dis-crimination against the yeoman audio favor of theserf, which it is now widely endeavored to establish asthe dominating policy in these United States. Youknow that the conflict bet7.reen free labor and slave la-bor is an " ijrepressible conflict" that no citizen whotain in that conflict tho cause of free labor.8.Retolvcd, Thatwerecognizeitas.thedutyoftheGovernmentof the United States to protect the ri^htrt of free intercourse and dorxiicil between the citizens of the different States—at home, aa fully as in foreign countries, and to maintain in all respects the equal riglts of citizens of all nativities under the Constitution of the United States, and are opposed to any change of the naturali- zation laws.-~u , *TM5?**?-The adjoining buildings were slightly damaged by water.. «=;• : - * ' • • >> •••NV^Jx,VV^«^-*^A-;»^^:-*V* -*,—.•- «-0 &ft . •CANADA. V-•*, if , .•t >, > ><^v^^"-*^' *^*^*** *'* ^'v•">:.••.' ,'.*t^«JL. Wm«aSA«*rroiiMRsrr to work with a resolution to dispose of the we have- that the time is not distant that they will fetch a hundred per cent above present price. Per-its epice. '•?'Fur a week or more, the COTBO had been graduallyof any political association that looks to power in the present and honor in the future, to point its endavor to the achievement of that end.and deposited in the Legation aboxu $500,000 on ac- . hogs pay the eoinpaay 6 j>er cent on the outlay, or count of back interest. Tne 'jeaty they have patched till an Atlantic telegraph is got into successful up is |uopopular throughout the Republic. Tne veryIN THE—WEST.than at present, and reduce the distance across thelonger fight for a party that opens the way to a foreignFram Tfic tit. Lonin Democrat..of Missouri was held on last Saturday, the 10th iust., at the Mercantile Library Hall in this city, the purpose being to select delegates to the National Republican Convention, called at Chicago, to nominate candidates" patronage and protection as a separate, free, and independent " people, iu some country and climate friendly to human life " and happiness "4. Retotced, That the colonization of the free blacks thus dis- tinctly pointed out by Mr. J«rler»on as the true solation of tho Slavery question in tnis.country, found among its defenders the illustrious Clay of KentuoKy, among the greatest of the second generation of statesmen of the Republic. W e bestow his elo- quent language to rebuke those who maintain that our Govern- ment was instituted for no otber object than to perpetuate blavery: " If (said this great statesman and patriot) they would " repress all tendencies toward liberty and ultimate emancipa- " lion, the; must do more than put down the benevolent effortsNAYS—Mesgrn. Abel, Blood, Colvin, Connolly, Fiero, Gardi- grant; that which she acquires by ber trade, busineaa, labor, or ner, Grant. Lawrence, J. M. Murphy. Ramsey, Robertson,Rotch, Stseions, Spinola, Williams—18. services, carried on or performed on hersole or separate account;Fourth DivisionAllen and ' John i -Simon Gavie,an. B •Ckaghlin Guard, CcFrfth Division — end Michael Dairy. Beuevolent Society.Sixth Division,— - G r e e u , C o r n e l i a * M cnodY. Father Matt' Seventh Division Longshoremen's U Capt. L ysob.Eighth Division.Toland. Indfjwn* nevolent SocietNin th jDinV*'M. •Capt. Kelly.- St.ciety.Tenth Divitiot*.-Hiborniau Narions Smith- Quarryra Guard Cspt-.Cn.M n.Eleventh I>.ri'rw sgban Social Club, nevolent Societ y•'For the spat etxeam of mifit horseback anc t ting a stop to trAtlantic, for telegraphic purposes, to six days. It nation to enter their country and meddle with their do-that which a woman married in this State owns at the time of Mr. McGraw moved to recommit, with instructions her montage, and tbe rents, issues, and proceeds of all such to report the original Assembly bill, which was lost, property, •hall, notwithstanding her marriage, be and remainMEXICO.notprotectitscitizensinthe rightsof speech,ofdonii- eil, and of transit as eflfestuafly in Charleston as in Vienna^—its citizens of one nativity as fnlly as of au- other—that government, I say, is imbecile and offers a premiumforitsowndissolution. It.ietocoverthebroad ground of protection to American citizens in aU the rights guaranteed by the Constitution in all the States of the Union, abroad as well as at home, that the Re-tb« fiiwt,*.* of July in each 7 ^ f i £ % ^ ^ J S « & £ * •i*or»oftheCityud CountyofHew-Y^^J^l^8 "?!*- iog«f the amount of money, not w c o e f l ^ f i * TM ? ^ w r H " tberom of *150,(W0, that will b* wouiroTlof WBttSSM***otts pereoas, toget stables. CoWdei occupantsof tbeitxwhood, and nun safe distance. Mi STo insurance. A< one of the buildim stock, dec, at $4<XInsurance Co. L occupying another BXu-€dfor$800int;-of John Zirome-The following letter from anEngMsbbommoMer^w traveHngm-Mexico,tohisfriend K^S^'fflTMAS^BMBLT^^ALBAKT/Maroh 17The attendance T?as light, and the session only lasted and govcrnTwnt of tb« Central Pari daring t ^ J ^ ^ a S a 6 9special regard of those who are anxious that this Ra-dition of parties there and see if we can arrive at any* erea^ed subsidy, which is to run till 1867, the year ronclution as to the time that we may expect to see of the Corso huge baskets of confetti were exposed forever, willing to accept the risk on obtaining the m-tainty. But it is very doubtful whether the Impe- majority of the mteH'gent shopkeepers, mechanics rial Government will grant the expected subsidy. and lH>H)rine; poimla'itm generally, of all the largeO. Sitton of Gasconade, A. A. Wilnonof Iron, Allen Hamer ofPuiaski, Win. Gilpin of Juckson, E. G. Evanfl of Crawford, C. H.ABhfty of St. bouw, Be«. Puna*" of St. Louis, Arnold Krekel ofSt. Clmrl"*, Frederick Mnncb of Warren, James B. Gardenbireof Cole, John M. Richardson of Greene, Dr. A. Hammer of St. Mr. Bell moved to amend by providing that lumber Louie, George Crist.of Dent, JL Pinner of Jackuon, R. C.The increase of the subsidy proposed l>v the Post- .. master. General wiU not impose any additional bur-'dea upon the revenue of the Province, since the ' .*ew postal arrangenjentaconcluded with the Unitedwealthy higher membera of Bociefy of all CUSSQB and professions; evon jjomn of the lower PriesthoodThe second oarty oave a majority ot the old Army officers, a well disciplined arcoy, and practically allthenounce d the commeuceaucnt of the Carnival, and almost irun>ediate!y crowds of people, on foot and in carriages, began to wt nd their way toward the Corso, either to join the proceotion in the street or to see it from theDougherty ci Scotland, W-'m. W . Moore of Milter. Secretaries—Tbeophvie Pupin of St. Louis, Major J. K. Kiddof Omye Charles Boig of St. Lohis, N. T. Doane of Gromdy.The report of the committee was adopted. • • • _ranpported over the Rome and Watertown Road be not subjected to toll, which was als^ lost..time to afford the necessary facilities for carrying «*l the arrangement with France. Utimately our Postmaster-General got the better of them, and suc-their Chairman, Mr. Foy, the following resolutions to WAXS—Messrs. Blood, Colvin, Connolly, Fiero, Gar diner, pay certain claims against the county, and to provideConformably to the public notice issued by B. G-ratz . in connection with the navigation of the St. Law- confusion enough already, but the ratification of tno tral Committee, a State Convention of the Republicansmestic aftairs, and others will go over to the Conserva-wiU confer %great many other incidental advantages tives, and oppose the intrusion with arms. There is Brown, esq., Chairman of the Republican State Cen-her scle and separate property, and may be used, collected, and' invested by her in her own name, and shall not be subject to tho interference or control of her husban 1, or liable for bis debts, ex- cept such debts as may have been contracted for tho support ot h e r s e l f o r h e r c h i l d r e n , b y h e r a s h l » a g e n t . . . • • < •>.,_ VJ.. rence. The line will run through a wilderness, andby the following vote:YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Ferry, Goss, McGraw, Montgomery, Munroe, P. P. Murphy, Prosser, Ramsey, Richmond, Rotch, Irnman. Warner, Williams—14.., ...treaty will bring- double confusion—two Mexico* in- will, of course, depend for support, over and above stead of one—and the Conservatives are making a goodwhat it gets from the Government, upon the dis- handle of it, and the effect is alrsady visible.NAYS—Messrs. Abel, Blood, Cchnix, Connolly, Fiero, Gardi-ner, Grant, Han.mond, Hillhouse, Kelly, Ketcham, Lapham,Lawrence, Manitrre, J. M. Murphy, Robertson, Sessions, Spi- her separate pergonal property, and oarry on any trade or busi-patches, forwarded across the Atlantic.,-. Jt is understood that a measure for the reform of. the banking'system and the paper,currency of theJuarez must undo what he has done; but it is to he hoped that the wisdom of the United oiates will make it unnecessary for the Liberal party to repudiate theSKC. 2. A married woman may bargain, soil, assign and transfer. country will he introduced. daring the ses- ac:s of its recognized head.I eay the wisdom of the United States; because itfor President and Vice President of the United States. " of this society. They must go back to the «»»a of our liberty At 12 m., the hour of convening, the hall was well " and independence, and muzzle the cannon w';.i.;h thanders itanola—18.Finally, tbe report of the Committee was agreed to,ness, and perform any labor or services on ber solo and separate account, and tbe earnings of any married woman, from ber trade, business, labor or service*, shall be ber sole and separate property,SJM- vNE^«.basinets before them. haps von believe that I have great hopes that that re--tThePostmaster-Generalhasintroducedaniea*- etilt-willbebroughtaboutbytheTreatythatthe goingthroughacourseoftransformation. Temporary Butwt?yneedIprolongwordsinthepresenceofsowarfare which was about to take place.cit>es, l*d by a fsir number of the intelligent and At 2 o'clock the gun from Castle St. Angelo an-idewater, shall be tolled, which was lost, 10 to 12.States, France,. Prussia and Belgium, will yield Chu? ch vreabh, a majority of the olu rich families, a ma- ha*conies which they bed previously,hired.> more in, postage than will cover the increase jority of the women, a>majority of the stupid rurul Our position was peculiarly fortunate. It was in in the annual grant to the line. In England, population, snd a small number of the poor and igno- one of the balconies of the apartments occupied by ourA motion was then made and carried for the appoint- groes sums in place of tolls, aud Mr. Hammond moved Hon. Henry II. Van Dyck, whose term, of oJSce ex- ment of a. committee to prepare a platform of resolu- to amend the amendment Dy increasing the way-fare pires on that day. •.! there is a sort of jealousy of the Canadian rant of the town populations.tions expressive of the sense of the Convention on the on the Central one-half cent per mile, but temporality young and ^eutlemaDly Consul, Mr. Glencworth, who, national questions of policy involved in the approach- withdrew it. Along debate followed, in which theKVKNING SESSIONS.The Senate to-day resolved to hold evening nessione from and after Monday next., LEWIS STREET.Senator Kelly some time since introduced1 a bill, which has been reported favorably to the Senate, to- extend Lewis etreet, New-York, from its present ter- minus at Eif hth street on a direct line of the present street through to Tenth etreet, near the TentOrstroetferry.PROXY VOTING.The bill to permit stockholders and membera of chax> itable and religions societies to vote by proxy passed the Senate to-day by a vote of 20 to 10.ANOTHER CITY RAILROAD.Senator Hammond gave notice to-day of another Railroad in the City of New-York.OJJARANTINK.>The Assembly bill, entitled " An act to authorize the Board of Supervisors of the County of Richmond to-. .fine of steamers; 'arising, probably from the fact,They Would have forgotten by this time what, theywere tighting about if J oarez had not put forth his fa-witn he uniform courtesy, had early in the season insisted that we should occupy it on this occasion. The house was directly opposite thai of the French General, De Guy on, the commander of the forces in Italy, and near the open square at the foot of the Viaing Presidential election; and pending the appointment of the committee by the chair, the Convention, on invitation, was addreeped by Dr. Sitton of Gasconade,and.Col. Branch of Buchanan.The following Committee on Resolutions was an-amendment was supported by Messrs. Sessions, Ham- mond, and Grant, and opposed by Messrs. Prosser, Goss, and P . P . Murphy, when Mr. Sessions's amend- ment was adopted. Mr.. Blood then renewed tbe amendment permitting the Central Road to charge 2£ ce^nts per mile, which was carried by 16 to 12, and thethat. the more postage we get for Atlantic service, mous manifesto of the 7th of last June, nationalizing. the less goes into • the Imperial Treasury. When the Church property, «Scc.>-4wx Postmaster General was in England, recently, • The Army gentry and the Church gentry really be-, he. got embroiled with the officials-of St. Martins le #an the quarrel, because the Constitutiou, made by the Conaotti, where one of the French regimental Dauis ' Grand. After he had concluded an arrangement represenxatives of the people after sending Santa Anna was posted, which played at intervals during the after-nounced by the President:Committee on Retolvtiona—IlarriHon B. Branch, of Buchanan; bill waa ordered to be reported complete, and the Com-• vsitb France, and on the conveyance of. the French mails in the Canadian vessels the British Post- Oflico.authorities refused to account for the French. ocean postage, even as a temporary arrangement,and :, the result was to throw over the mails to the Cu-oot of the country by the Plan of Ayotl*. ma-le them subjec'. to the civil tribunals instead of giving offenders the chances of escape from jostjee for their sins against civilians, aflbrded by-their particular mode of trial, and because the Church saw final confiscation iu the 6 per cent on the assessed value the Government gave themnoons of each day of tne Carnival.With considerable tact, Mr. Glentworth had placedhis windows at the disposal of several .Northern and Souiheri" families, who-have been somewhat conspicu- ous in society the present season in Rome, and the entire front of his apartments was thus liued with aP. L. Foy, of St. Louis; Henry T. Blow, of Carondelet; James LindBay, of Iron; Chutles F. linmays, oi St. Louis; Franklin A. Dick, of St. Louis; John H. Ligbtncr, of St. Louis; Frank H. Manter, of St. Louis; B. K. Bonner, of St. Loui«; Madison Mil- ler, of St. Louis: B. Horr.sby, ot Johnson; Frederick Munch, of Warren ; Geo. Kyler, Asis Jones, and Thos. A. Nelson, of St. Loi;is.The Committee having retired, the Convention wasaddr; t&ed by Mr. Fletcher of Jefl'ercon, and Dr. Ham-mer and other per eons of St. Louis, and, at the invita-tion of John C. Jonee, esq., by Mr. Farree of Illinois.mittee rose.Mr. Munroe now moved to recommit, with instruc- tions to strike out the second section, being Mr. Ses- sions's amendment.Mr. Proeser moved to strike out the amendment permitting an iincrease of way fare on the Central, which was carried by the casting vote of the Lieuten- ant-Governor, the vote standing 16 to 16, as follows:YEAS—Messis. Abell, Bell, Ferry, Goss, Ketcham, Mc3raw, Montgomery, Munroe, P . P . Murphy, Prosser, Raxnaey, Rich-stard line. lor-two or three weeks. These English by putting what was before unproductive property parterre of living flowers, comprising a number of the . ;<>3icials took the anomalous position that the Cana- into the bancs of citizens who weio improving'it. most elegant 01 our csuntrywomen, who formed dian line of steamers must be treated as if they were The two parties, thus far, hive only siown their together a fitsing representation of that beauty for . American, and on this groundthey refused for some inability one to eubdue the other; but from the fact which American, ladies are so remarkable. Their that the ciie has mote property to lone than the other, tasteful dominoes and well-arranged toilettes made •and that that property is being surely wasted, it does these balconies the moat noticeaWe of all upon theThe Committee having returned, reported through mond, xtotch, Truman, Warner and WUHanis—16.Corso, an was proved by an almost incesmnt shower of costly bouquets and pretty bon bons, which was rained upon them for three hours daily during the festival.I will not attempt-to describe particularly the pCU- She other sider and refuted by mm. He found immense amount of trouble—a man has been de- mtlle of the carnival at. Rome. You who have seenthe Convention:1. Resolved, That the Republicans of Missouri, In Convention assembled, do most heartily indorse the principles of the Nation- al Ji «•publican party, as the same are set forth in the call for the National Convention, to be held at Chicago, and hereby pledge themselves to support the nominee of that Convention.% Resolved, That the Republicans of the State of Missouri hold to the principles which gave birth to the grand confederacy of States -which compose the Union, and deem it their most glo- rious privilege to reiterate and affirm the sentiments of tha founders of the Republic as truly embodying the political doc- trines which they cherish and intend to maintain at ad hazard* and to tho last extremity ; that the following language contained in a letter addressee bv'George W'ashington, the " Father of his Country," to Gen. Lafayette, in the y»ar 1793, embraces the great'and fundamental principles upon whicn tDe Democratic aepubUcan party of Mimouri io founded, to wit: " I agree with *' you cordially in your views in regard to negro Slavery. I have " long considered it amo«t serious ovJl, both socially and polit- "ically, and 1 should rejoice in any feasible scheme to rid our " States'oi"such a burden. The Congress of 17B7 adopted an " ordinance which prohibits the existence of involuntary aervi- " tndein our North-Western territory forever. 1 consider it a " wise measure. It met with the approval and assent of nearly " eveiy member of tho States more immediately interested in " slave labor. The prevailing opinion in Virginia is againtt the " spread of Slavery Into the new'Territoiietf, and i trust xoe shallGrant, Hammond, HillhouEe, Kelly, Lapham, Lawrence, Manierre, J. M. Murphy, Robeitscn Seikions, and Spinola—16.Republicans in Roman; Democrats in Italics.The motion to strike out Mr. Sessions's amendmentwas lout—14 to 18—ras follows—Messrs. Abell and Ketcham voting in the negative:YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Ferry, Goss, McGraw. Montgomery, Munroe, P. P . Murphy, Preiser, Ramsey, Richmond, Rotcb, Truman, Warner, Williams—14.means for the payment of the same," was put on its passage, and lost, but subsequently reconsidered and passed, by a vote of 27 to 2.THE CITY CHARTER.The Committee on Cities and Villages in the Houseare eaid to be ready to report the Bill to amend theCharter of the City of'New-York, and probably wouldnot require a philosopher to eee that in after years democratic principles 'will rule in this country. The* ^France far more ready to enter into the arrange- veloped by this revolution; his name h Miramon—the .. "went than England was to sanction it. Only in oi>ly one of mark that has yet appeared—and' it is a .. 1858 the British Post-Office authorities insisted on pity that he is not fighting in a batter cause. Ha hap- pens to be on the' conservative bide; and so far hasceeded in perfecting his arrangements, but not till. v«very species of objection had been exhausted o.n temporal power of the Church.is going out; practi- < cally, it is gone, but in the death-struggla is giving anTwo new vessels, ot greater power and speed, fire from his-rear, but tout is the impossibility. The hanging like a canopy between the motley masses than, those at present in use are to be added to the others will go where they please when Miraauon shall •below, and the merry laughing crowds of beautifulthe Controller; but as there may be " a change going. YEAS—Messrs. Blood, Colvin, Connolly, Fiero, Gardiner, " on in tbe minds of the Committee," I will not at- Grant, Hammond, Hillhouse, Kelly, Ketcham, Lapham, Laio- tempt another synopsis till after the bill shall havenot be able to beat them with five men to fifteen. girls and pretty children which fill the balconies above To me the thing will be decided so soon as the Lib- their heads! It-is tho most amusing sif hi imaginable. erals shall have tne eense to see that they must get a The fun is so contagions-that the old as well as young wade from land to land in six days. The telegraph man capable of combining and making the beet use of take part in it, and all are sorry when the gun soundsrenee, Manierre, J. M. Murphy, Robertson, Sessions, Spinola —17.been reported. One reporter made a brief synopsis of the bill as it stood this morning, but it was so altered"fine, as soon as it will be possible to get them built. !Xhe vessels are to touch at some port in the north of Ireland, next Summer, when the voyage will beNAYS—Messrs. Abell, Ferry, Goss, McGraw, Montgomery,Munroe, P. P. Murphy, Prosper} Ramsay, Richmond, Rotch, fifteen minutes thereafter that he was obliged to ex-»to be extended from Father Point (Point aux their abundant elements of success; and in the mean for the Corso to be cleared for the horse race, which " have a Confederacy of Free States."Truznun, Warner, Wiuiams—15.Mr. Bell moved to recommit, with instructions to amend so as to exempt from toll passing over the Rome and Watertown road, going to or coming from all points west of Belleville, Canada, which was voteddown, as follows:YEAS—Messrs. B-ill, Ferry, Goss. Hammond, Lapham, Mont- gomery, P. P. Murpky, Prosier, Richmond, Truman, Warner— 11.plain its newest features in a postscript.TROPERTY INTERESTS OF HUSBANDS AND WIVES. The following is the bill" Concerning the Rights and" liabilities of Husband and Wife," as it was finally passed by both branches of the Legislature, and aowr awaits the Governor's eienature: .. 'SKCTIOX L The property, both real and personal, which any married woman now owns, as ber sole and separateproperty, that which comes to ber by descent, devise, bequest, gift, orFirst Dirition-—iAids, Timotby Da and Henry Cairo LL JNcw-Y ork.Second JHtiruin.McCann. Aid, Jol of Kings County. M Third Division.— . Capt John Cox. T Paul's Church, Bratime we mu&t be content with the interest that our Peres) to the Straits of Belle Isle, the Canadian agtnt can mans ge to collect. He has already collected3. Resolved, That w e most cordially approve the language and sentiments contained iu the following extract of a letter written by Thomas Jefferson to Mr. Sparks, pointing; out " a feasible *' febeme to rid our States of the burden ol Slavery," and in which he declares, " that the second object and the most inter-' " eating to us, as coming home to our physical and moral charac-concludes the day's festivity.REPUBLICANISM•. operation, when it is to cease. This extension of faithful Democrats are sour at the step their President, PROCEEDINGS OF THE FIRST REPUBLICAN " ter, to our happiness and safety, is to provide an *sylnm to " which we can, by degrees, send the whole of that populationthe telegraph will give us news three days sooner Juar«z, has taken; others Say that they will no CONVENTION EVER HELD IN MISSOURI. " (the negroes) from among ue, and establish them under ourGovernment granting .$10,000 a year till the earn-'• annual joyous return. They must revive the niave-trade, with . si*n. At present the system of banking is very de- would be unwise for them to take -hold of Mexico in filled, every Congreesional District in the State being " all ita train of atrocites. They must repress the workings ofand the bill was ordered to a third reading, 17 to 15, and may be used or invested by her in beT own name.' jfective, and it is almost a miracle that it has worked *a> well and been attended with so little disaster. Almost everything now depends upon management;the face of their own domestic difficulties.There are people there who Janey thak, interventionin Mexico would be of immense advantage; others thatit would be well to annex it. Either step would coetColvin,Connolly,Fiero,Gard-. and a dishonest directory could cheat the public to , ment, that hitherto our great banks have been cou-. ..ducted without the lovs of a cent to the public. But . in spite of past experience, it is felt that some moreThe wonders that Scott performed,- and -the good luck ."exists, at present is required. This, I believe, the of Taylor, are not data on which the -cost of either., is a. very general impression that, under the new ax:d very teriously embamitsed the foreign commerce;Chairman of the State Republican Committee, who ad-. almost any extent. It says much for themanage- more than it would be worth, even if practicable.dressed the Convention as follows:GKNTLEM F.N : It devolves upon me to will to order,thismorning, the first Republican Convention assembled in any Slave State. In doing so, permit me to say that a party which has inscribed upon its banner Freedom-— Divine Freedom—thus taking to itself organization, is vindicated in advance; for wide must be the departure from the1 accredited inieftidn of our Federal Govern- mentj and great the peril to those liberties which illuminate citizenship, when millions of men all over the land deem it necessary to make the reassertion of that freedom the initial point of combination, and the engrossing theme of thought. Let us. then, in all honor-and with a pure patriotism, approach the work that, is pet beiore us.• You, who come together from remote sections of this commonwealth, have at least one attribute that muat . .e/jual .value in all parts of. the country. In this re- provement in the mines, and if 'he revolution continues make noticeable your action here, which is, that you dwell in the very presence of the ills you deprecate, and have it at heart to work out a practical, not merely a theoretical reform. Limitations upon settlement, migration, labor that assumo national importance when aflccting only remote territories with you, cripple the industries that constitute support. Questions—pesti- lent questions—Lhat have been vainly banished from the halls of Congress, nestle at your firesides. In edu-YEAS—Messrs. Blood, Connolly, Fiero, Gardner, Grant, other disability, such married woman may apply to the County Hammond, Hillhouse, Kelly, Ketcham, Lapham, Manierre, J. Court, in the county where she eh ill at tbe time reside, for leave...new measure will secure. All the existing chartersintervention or annexation of Mexico, or any part of it, £ will .be swept by the board, though it may be pre- snoulc' now be calculated. Three 5ears of civil war sumed that the banks are consenting parties. There has caused an imiuemre amount of individual misery,Republicans in roman; Democrats in italics.Mr. Colvin, who was absent when the vote was from insanity or oiher cause, a c>pj *f said petition shall beomposing. The - . and gold reualiners, the bands playing popular and the jovou sented a panora•traditions, wor The proce^ ries, and proce <Fourt«*iith str ing pap<-r*i, T•Gen. Michael .peorance. Col of the Ancient Iby tight gr;*ySo. IS, in a .^ame color; aolent Society owas dreetit-d in-a canopied- piat bannei s and t livened the prr marching ol t mended.*•. • Bishop Lougi'lsystem, there will be only a single bank of issue, in but, so far as I can judge, the general wealth of the nation has not been touched; its agricultural industrythe negative, which waa granted.Mr. Prosser voted for the bill, not because he was inplication. In all othrr ca?es the County Court, to which suchapplication sbull be made, shall, in its discretion, determine.the notes of which all, the banks of discount will" has rather improved, and the staple industry, mining, 4eal Such a character will be given to the paper has not been seriously affected; the .owners have nowwhether thy notice shall be given, and if any, tbe mode and' favor of it, butbecause since it was impossible to get manner of giving it., .currency as to make it an exact measure of valueSKC. 6. Ir it shall satisfactorflv appear to. such Court, upon such application, that the busband ofsuch applicant has •• illfoily absn» doned bis said wife, and lives separate and apart from ber , or that he is insane, or imprisoned as u convict in any State prison, or that he is an habitual drunkard, or that he is in any way disa- bled from making a contract, or that he refuses to give bis con-. sent, without good cause therefor, then such Court shall cause an- order to be entered upon its records, authorizing such married] woman to sell and convey her real estate, or contract in regard thereto, without the assent of her tu«btmd, with tbe same effect as though such conveyance or contract bad been made with nil assent.SKC. 7. Any married woman may, while married, sue and b« sued in all matters having relation to her property, which may be ber sole and separate property, or which may Iwureaftor come to ber by descent, devise, bequest, or tbe gift of any person- except her husband, in the shme manner as if she were sole. And any mt>rriedwoman may bring and maintain an notion in in her own name, for damages, against any person or body cor- porate for any injury to her p«r»oi> or character, tbe same as if she were sole; and tee mouey received upon tbe settlement of any such action, or recovered upon ajudgment, shall be her sole a»a separate property.SKC. U. No bargain or contract made by any married woman, in respect to hor sole and separate property, or any property which may hereafter come to her by descent, devise, bequest or gift of any person except her hu*band, and no bargain or contract entered into by any married woman in or about the carrying on of any trade orbusiness, under the statutes of this State, ihali be binding upon her busband, or render him or his property in any way bablotherefor.and then been squeezed, but the production of silver is in ail parts of the eountry; the notes will be of rather on the increase, on account of the general im-spect the paper currency will possess the advan- seven years knger, the country will make herself in- tages of a metallic currency. The currency will, I dependent of foreign nations for the few articles th*t take it, .under, the new system, be essentially a na- she now imports. Cotton-mills, for rough cotton goods,tional one, and there is reason to believe that, as aare being established at various places, and as soon as it wUl pay, they will find no difficulty in getting the labor necessary to produce the finer fabrics.paper currency, it will be about the best that it .would be possible to devise.Some of our friends will say that I am talking non-After a commercial crisis advocates fora bank- sense—that the nation is Koing to the dogs, because, has been obtained; and there is a probability that foreigners there have had a Methodist Chapel, and auy , the commercial laws ofthe two sections,of the Prov- other service they liked, long before scch a thing was ince will shortly be assimilated. At present, how- legalized by the Constitution. The same thing might . ever, it is.felt that the laws relating to debtor and also have been established in other parts of the Repub- lic, if foreigners had only religious Bentiment enough not to trade on tne Sabbath day; but in Mexico, English Methodist and Episcopalian, Scotch Presby-has to compete with the "chattel" at tho plow, the 9. Reiolvcd, That aa the ardent friends of-free labor and thetenan and American, let him have been what religiontee will, therefore, be appointed to examine the he may, all work on the Sunday, without tha virtue of withdrawing the General Government from its coin- 10. Reiolved, That the construction of a national railroadSKC. 9 Every married woman is hereby constituted and de-whole subject. There are persons who condemn this course; persons who want a bankrupt law for their own purposes, and who treat all inquiry as ut- terly superfluous^ but they are in a minority and must await the result of tin: investigation on which thei Legislature is about to enter. It is in Upperthe Mexican, of having gone to mass in the morning. For all that, the foreigners in the country are repre- sentatives of the.gocd people of their countries, and will be religious when they have an opportunity, as they are good now.mittale, and active agency in behalf of the spread and perpetuation of Slavery, you will be animated by a sympathy wide aB the common country, and yet con- trolled by a forbearance due to the rightful separation of State and Federal sovereignties.across the continent to the Pacific Ocean upon the oentrol route, b y w a y of Pike's Peak, is a national necessity not less than n national duty, and that we ore m fav?T of Rs immediate construc- tion under the inspection of the General Government.Theee resolutions were all adopted, aa waa one offer- ed hy Mr. Pinner? denouncing in the strongest terms, the t r e e Negro bill, recently paseed by the Missourimen of high standing in New- York and elsewhere.These charges had been emphatically denied by the Commissioners, and the Senate seemed disposed to be-band, with equal powers, rights and duties in regard to them, with the busband.The mora de choee rather toj brated with. Mulberry ati cheered the pi1.Canada that tbe greatest recklessness among tradersexists,, and tbe greatest number of bankruptcies oc-cur; the consequence is that it is here that the cheese and privileges than for conscience sake. Re-oujoy a 1 the r^al estate of which the husband or wife died seized, snd all the rents, issues and profits thereof during the minority of tb«: youngtBt child, and one-third thereof during bis or ber natu- ral lu'e.FIRES.KIRK IN KOOSEVKLT STRKCT.About 10 o'clock ou Saturday night a fire broke oat in the building No. 52 Roosevelt street, occupied, by Solomcn D. Willis as a pawnshop, and Mr. Jaberg as a boot and ehoe shop. The fire originated in the war of the second Btory, and ia supposed to have been caused by sparks Irom a lamp in the.hands of one of the employees who was eeircbing for goods. Owing to the large "quantity of ligltt material about the premises, the fiauios t-uread rapidly, and, despite the exertiomiof the firemen, the buildin/f was nearly destroyed. By the contract made with persons pledging property, pawnbrokers refuse to hola themselves responsible for any loss or damage that may be occasioned by fire, and the los3 in this instance will be severely felt by poor persoup. The value of the property deetroyed is be- tween $(5,000 and $7;000. No correct estimate can begreatest.clamor exists for a bankrupt law; but it is ligion does not enter into this war; but the abuses of mainly confined to persons who are now notorious- it are intimately connected with it- Don't believe thatexpansion of slave eoil, which breeds the spirit oi Resolved, That tho Hon. Francis P. Blair, jr., in respect to tholy bankrupt, and ..who want a bankrupt law for the jpurpose of whitewashing themselves and their fel-Jow-sufferera and fellow-swindlers.J t is. not probable that the session of the Legisla- ture will last very long. Instead of being paid $6 a day for "indemnity/' as heretofore, the members are to receive §600 each for the session, if it last over.a month, and no matter how much longer itthis nation wilt ever become more religious than it is now. A spirited development of its resources would make the people fin less in the way of hignway rob- bery? because their necessities would be more legally provided for. I have faith in the material wealth of Mexico, and that the life of this nation cannot be ex- tinguished, and she has good-will and honor enough to discharge all her obligations. Give her time, then, to fight hereelf into prosperity.revolt. And yet it iu in one interest only, aud that an aggressive interest, that Disunion finds favor. It iB with one party only, and that the party in power, that such ideas have been encouraged for party purposes. Predicated upon devotion to the Slave sytteui, both forthoughtfulness and resolve with which he has revived and advo- cated the views aud plan of Mr. Jefferson on thesubjeot of negro colonization—•n question of importance to the white and black rtices in tbe Union, involving material iiitereBts of the highe-rt order to the one. und of humanity to the other; and which, from the very fact of its pure ana unmixed usefulness, elicits the usual opposition that Bribes and confronts the benefit of the people—de-The treaty will not be ratified. First, because the way be, they will receive no more. I t is be- •United States will regard it as virtual annexation—the lieved that this regulation will have the effect of Koith from fear, the South from hope. But, aside ^OBajderably abridging the duration of the session. from that, I cannot believe that it securee any greatThe Spring.has been, no far, unusually fine; al- though the weather has beccme pretty eold during the last two or three days. The Winter wheat looks well, and » as fall 0f promise as it could well be At this.tane of the year.h y 17 majority.The gract to the 3fonte«al Telegraph Company hasfceen amended ,by power being given to the Govern-ment to treat with other companies for the extension M the "telegraph.% TOKOXTO, C. W ., Saturday, Maacb 17,18tX). An order has been issond by the Poetmsster-Ueneral to all Postmasters in Canada West, relieving them frdm any farther obligations to open their omces onSunday*.^fmmmmmm'''*mmmmmi'm''»mm'mmimadvantages to the United States. These Mexicans withpen and ink would beat the devil. They are like oldVanderbilt of New-York, his word is considered betterthan his bond, and so is theirs. In drawing up papers work of the Republicans of the Slave States to save they fancy it is perfectly legal- to have Borne mentalThird Congressional JJhtricr—H. T . Doan, Chas. Collins.Fourth Congressional District—11. B. Branch, Dr. G. W . stock hereby authorized shall be.ivsoed in any one year from theSaturday, March 17, I860. The secend reading oftiM»bUl providing for a subsi- *T & the.Canadian Ocean Mad steameri was carriedabrogation of a single article of the treaty of Guada- lupe-Hidalgo cost the Americans millions of dollars. All they have to show for it, besides, is the Mesilla Val- ley purchase, all the available, cultivable band of which was owned by Mexicans, and is of value to the neighbor- ing State of Sonora, because they have an idea that there are silver mines there, and the capital that goes to prove that they are of no account, goes into the State named to pay for the necessaries of life.privileges, a3 the eeeential basis of any democratic government. These uentimentsT know to be strongly prevalent with you in this the inception of a State and National canvaes, and I trust your political fellowship may compass their full realization.Again, they who affirm that the party which you to- day organize in Missouri, has its vitality solely from the so-called " negro question," little know, or else blindly ignore tho more perilous aspects of the. suprea- sion of free principles now going on in tbia Republic.ternates: JohuM. Richardson, Jus A. Matthews.Seventh Congressional District—Jamoa Lindsay, Tliomaa C,Fletcher. Alternates; Juu. F. St. James, Albert Jackson.4 State Central Committee was then appointed, as follows*.B. Gratz Brown, from the State at large, Dr. Tilton, from the State at large,F. A. Dick, from the First District,Jiimeo B. Gardenbire, from the Fifth District, John M. Richardson, from the Sixth District, James Lindsay, from the Seventh District.Mr. P. L. Foy moved that four more.members from the City of St. Louis and one from tho City of Her- mann he added to the Slate Central Committee, which moticn prevailing, the Convention elected Mr. Hunts-the Astor and Market Iuunrance Companies to oover bis advances on pledges, and an insurance of $800 on tbe building, which is datnsgod to the amount of aboutwird lecture of ibis inte«5»Ung coux«e will be given by Ae SOT.John Cotton Smith, at the hall of the Society,this evening. Mr. Smith's kmrwiedjge of the subject of I which he treats in this lecture—Egypt and, tke Scrip- Isqueezed out.of labor, then is touched that pulse which warmB to redress. Still more, when the attendant issues, pro- voked by a militant slave propaganda, involve the rights of free intercourse with one-half of the States, then does peril arise involving the iutegrity of the na-b« drawn from said bank or company by a warrant signed by at On motion of Swnuel H. Gardner, esq., the delegates leant a majority of, Commissioners, after the same ahull have to the National Republican Convention to meet in Chi- been specifically authorised by tbe said Board at a meetinghntt—rendersthe occasion one of special interest. jvote at that fJonve.ulion as A unit, aa a majority of them should elect.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Oucb company or bank, or banks, shall allow interest upon m.ioh deposits as may be agreed upon with said Board, aud Khali open and keep an account with seid Voard. 'tended rapidly on each slue, destroying and **magJM upward of a doaen small buildings, oscupisd by T*J4-it will recall to mind the long narrow street crowded forks entire length with a confused mass of human beings in every imaginable cottume—horses, carnages and wagons decorated in every conceivable color, andhave reported to-Gay, had that order of business been MAYS—Messrs. AbrjU, Blood, Colvin, Connolly, Fiero, reached. It has been somewhat changed in its fea-Brigade Lancers Heads of Depart their stand upon and the proceeaio, following ordei: Acting Brb*adier-<ninth Brigade l-m Hiley, acting as t» Kew-York Stat* A:and Company H, ment. unctr comim Ton of Caraliy, ondlt ;naent, thcemx Br Michael DSmito* Michael Connodj, Jtyac.W:kmmmmmSBt«F * 7Tv. .All B5!OW#J THE CARNIVAL AT JtOME^-AMEHICAN tion. That Federal Government whichcanaaot or willf:v •.*..',',i :-5"''^LADIES.Extract from a private letter.ROME, February 20,1860.of us Americans had never been in Rome before, andtion shall undertake the serious;task of regenerating •were impatient to witness and take part in a festival publican party has been called into being. That is its our Southern neighbor: ^ ^ ^ 1 > 1 8 6 0 . about wr.ich we had heard so much* The Pope, un- logical future. The danger of the time, consistingto tr at tpecified in seid estimate. „AThe «aSdran o f l o ^ T g gbe deposited and drawn in tbe msmner provided W^SZHMKI •ection of tbi* act, and shall be applied by tbe said B « v d t £ S i payment of the expenses of tb« maintenanceand iw«mm!l.*•I am nrettv certain that when you have real this letteTyj r w n C T S a t my three years' wandering m Mexico has made me mad. .fortunately had interdicted masking. This precluded,much of the grotesque display of costume and funnyextravagance which we had expected to see, taking load to State intervention and reprisal, the fruitfulJuarei Cabinet has made with the American Minister. balconies were erected in front of every eligibly situ- Kany resolute men. I shall read the call of a Repub-.. lorefor increasing the subsidy to the CanadUo Hoe• -«f ocean steamers to. £104VQOO a year. The propo- to discharge all her obligations.' Compared with her (and they are in front of nearly all the windows com- call for a Republican State Convention of Missouri,Xot so; I place my faith in the ability of the Republic ated window, snd where balconies already existed, lican National Convention at Chicago, and' also theThe Assembly bill to levy tolls on the freight trans- The resolution paseed the Assembly some time ajjo.ported over-certain railroads, as amended by the Senate SKNATK GRINDING C0MMITTX2.Senator Ferry gave notice to-day that he would, atjestenday, passed that, body to-day, 17 to 14. This some future time, move a suspension of tho rules, with beingameasureofextraordinaryinterest,itmaybe aviewtotheappointmentofaGrindingCommittee.well enough to make a brief record of its passage ILLKOAT. VOTING.brougb the Senate. When the bill was before the Mr. Montgomery introduced, in the Senate, a bill enate yesterday in Committee of the Whole Mr. Lap- toameDdthe Revised Statues, eo as to make illegal am moved to except tho Northern (Ogdensburgh) voting punishable by fine not exceeding $200 or im-Road Irom the payment of toll, which was debated at prisonment not exceeding nix months, or bo<h suchsition-was favorably received by the House; and resources, tier debts are as nothing. The particular manding the street,) they were decorated with.gaudy States have not a dollar of exterior debt, dittering in rugs, tapestries, aid scarlet cloths, and from everys•tfce resolutions passed a first staje by a large nia- this from the United States, where some of-the State.joraty. TheCompanylost£l83,000lastyear;and debtsweenormous. Youwillsaythatthe>resources windowoftheupperstorieshunglongdraperiesofit is somewhat of a mystery how an increase of the of the country are no good unless a suible government crimson and gold. By the morning of Saturday the% subsidy of between £50 000 and £60,000 a year shall be established that they may be developed; that oidmary somber aspect of the street was changed tomoder which you are-met bene- to-day.The epeaker was interrupted by freq-uent and pro-lorgedburstsofapplause. Attheconclusionofhisre- On motion of F . H. Mauter. esq., of tot. Louis, aCommit.ee of ten was appointed, as follows, by the chair, to select permanent officers, to wit.: Messrs. H. B. Branch, James Cassello, Bart. Able, F. >H. Manter, J. Richard Howard, James Lindsay, John Doyle, J. Ou Sitton, W. J. Holme and Thomas 0. Fletcher.On motion, a recces of twenty minutes was taken, after the expiration of which the Committee returned, and reported the following permanent officers;President—B. ORATS BROWN of St. L oui*.V1U-P7esidcnU—Vr. G. W. H. Laudou of Bnchanan, Dr. J.r* win save them harmless in.future. They are, how-cannot be denied, so we must look to theastual con-one of sparkling brightness. »At the corner of all the streets in the neighborhood" British philaothropy reeKing to ameliorate the condition of the represented by its respective delegate?. The Conven- " unfortunate West Indian slaves. They must arrest the career tion was called to order by the Hon. B. Gratz Brown, " of South American deliverance fram thraldom. They must " blow out the moral lights around us, and extinguish that great- " Cht torch of ali, whicli America presents to a benighted world, " poliiting 'he way to their rights, their libertiej, and their hap- ' jjinens, and, when they have achieved all these, theirwoikas follows:YEAS—Messrs. Abell, Blood,ner, Grant, Hammond, HiUhouse, Kelly, Ketcham, Lapham, Manierre, J. M. Murphy, Robertson, Sessions, Spinola—17.. NA YS—Messrs. Bell, Ferry, Goss, Lawrence, McGraw, Mon- gomery, Mnnroe, P . P . Murphy, Prosser, Ramsey, Richmond, Rotch, Truman, Warner, Williams—15.The bill caaae up for final reading to-day, and was pasted, 17 to 14, as follows:SKC <S- Any married woman possessed of real estate aa ber separate property, may bar pain, sell and convey such property. and enter into any contract in reference to tbe name, but no such. conveyance or contract shall be valid without the assent ixt writing, of her husband, except as hereinafter provided.SEC. 4. In case any married worn in possessed of separate real property, as aforesaid, may dcnire to sell or convey tbe same, or io make any contract in relation thereto, and shall be unable to>- procure the a*sent of i e r busband, as in the preceding section provided, in conseo.uence of hL» refusal, absence, insanity, or"will be jet incomplete; they must penetrate the nuaiua " S4ul, and eradicate the light of reason and the love of liberty. '* Then, and not till then, when universal despair and darkness " prevail, can you perpetuate -^avery, aud repress all sympathies " i.iid all liujxar.o and oenevcle'nt ellorts among freemen in behalf " of the unhappy portiono of our race who are doomed to " bondage." * i5. Revolved, That tho Republicans of Missouri, knowing that Edward Rates has, throughout his life, held the views and senti- ments of the founders of the Republic upon this vital subjoot, now the treat and overshadowing issue before the country, and honoring him for the courage arid constancy with which he has rem»ii»ed faithful to their principles in the worst of times, as well as for the elevation and purity of his character, hereby commend him to the great Republican party of the Union as one worthy to bear their banner in the contest for the restoration oi the Government to its ancient po.iey of honesty, humanity, and free- dom.6. Resolved, That the threats of the leaders of a corrupt party to destroy the Government, if the principles npon which the Union wus lormod shall again prevail in its administration, should be regarded with scorn and contempt until an overt act shall be made to put-this treason into execution, when it should be met in the spirit of which our forefathers set us tin example by the•punishment of the traitors, and an unreserved pledge of "our •" lives, our fortunes, and our most sacred honor," to the defense of our liberties and our country.7. Resolved, That tho free citizens of Missouri, in reclaiming for themselves and their potterity trio fields of employmenthere dedicated to the encouragement of shivery, do recoxnize, \u the fullest sense, the impressible character of the conflict betweencommercial men have suffered. Don't you believe it •! cation, in social life, in religious worship, in the toil of free and slave labor, and announce themselves prepared to main-Mexico would not easily be annexed by the UnitedStates, even if there was a united will there to do it;becauee Mexico is net now what it was in the last war.'ibis civil strife has Aroused the courage of the nation.loom, or the anvil, but feels its truth, and tnat th6y only deny it and gloet ihe lie who are of or belong todevelopment of the Wost, we hail with delight the action of the RepibUcan party in Congress in favor of toe bill to grant a free homestead of 160 seres of the public land to every person whoIn these times, which have perplexed good menWhat I have just said about the priests, and what I with so many tureata leveled at the Union of the Legislature. The resolution was passed with a unani-His opposition to the Park arote from nonpartisan or wife dlod «eized.motive, no personal animosity, no professional dis- SKC. 11. At tbe decease of tbe husband or wife intestate, leav- appointment, and least of all iiad he any defeire to re- ing minor child or children, the survivor shall bold, possess sndhave said before about the cause of the civil war. BhowB that they are fighting more for their bread andStates, it will be well, furthermore, to reflect that it isthe same sinister and unnatural policy in behalf of ourgeographical limitation of free men, and an indefinitemous voice.The following, offered by J. Richard Howard, esq.,•waa adopted unanimously:tard the progress of that great and important work. He would accept the invitation of the Commissioners, and wrben the proper time should come, before the close of the session, he would ask for a committse to sit during the recess, and investigate their affairs. With this entirely amicable understanding between himself and the Commiebioners, he should vote aye. The lellowing is the bill:Ax ACT for the construction, regulation, maintenance and gov- ernment of the Central Purk, iu the City of New-Y ork, aud to pro-vide additional means therefor. ., The People of the Slate of JSeio- York, represented in Senate and Assevibly, do enact as follows:SKCTION1. The Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of tho City of New-York shall kereofter, from time to time, as"required by the Board of Commi**ionera of tho Central Park, create aud ieoue a public fund or stock, for the purpose of providing mean* for the layh.R out, construction, government, improvement and regulation cf the Central Park, in the City of New-York, to bo denominated "The Central Park improvement Fund," fora sum, the annual interest of which shall not exceed one hundred aud fifty thousand dollars, but not more than one-third of thefrom the issuing thereof; and tho said park shall be, and the sain© is hereby specifically pledged for the redemption thereof.SKW. 2. For the payment of the interest ou the aaid stock orfund, the Bourd of Supervisors of the City and Conuty of New- $600. • Mi. Jaberg sustained about $'250 damage; <i* f Ybrk shall oroer, ana caused to be raised, by tax on tue estates, insured for $300 in the Rutgers Insurance Company.real and personal, subject to taxation, according to law, withinsaid City and County, and to be collected in addition to theordiueiy tuxes, yearly, and every year, until the wholu amountof such hind or stock be paid, a sum of money sufficient to payilie interest annually accruing on said fund or stock, not exceed-ing the aforesaid limitation of iH150.000.per annum.i:K,assisted by & J.Doy'eancand Sub-Deact as Master ot thronged the discouree from the sacrament perted, in tiiati whore thorts" T h e Dcvoti and EcUgtvtf.' •divine in cur tivalof fcia lei• ous recuritruc manner more DINNKU OKThe 70th Patrick" wj their usual di were Laid fox was farnish< many appropj. were a repr tume, and hung the jn of the Initl Dodworth's'Hon. Ch:Presidentdents—Mcand R. Boltfollowing iiPresident N Pies. St. Judge Clei Messrs. J Brougham,attaches to itself chiefly those who are in that interest, or perf'hasion, and while the Urge body of the people of the United States axe hostile to all such projects, yet it will devolve more immediately upon the free labor- ing men of the Slave States to encounter the heresy at boBie. to strip it by opposition of the importance that would attach to it as an unchallenged State indorse- ment, and to unmask in every tDwiihhip a treason that owes it« toleration to a cunning duplicity as to its own ends, combined with exaggerated falsehoods as to the purposes of others. Primarily, therefore, it is thereservation, and the language is admirably adapted to this Union, if it shall need saving, by evidencing the aid them to hide it, and they {.never fail to use it. The tional discord, aud by vindicating their own citizenConvention. ,The gentlemen named below were appointed Dele- gateB to tbe Republican Convention at Chicago:B.tate at Large—YriMci* P. Blair, B. Gratz Brown, Fred. MueiMdj, Junius O. Sitton. Alternates: Asa Jones. Dr. B. Brims, H. T. Blow, John Doyle.First Congressional Uutricb—T. L. Foy, Dr. Bernays. Alter- nates: F. 11. Manter, John C. Vogel. " .Second Congressional Uistrict.—A.. Ktekel, M. Randolph. Al- ternates: John K. McDearmon, S. H. Martin.New-York and Boston wiil have become free cities,trading with all creation,; Canaaa; Maine, and the We have all seen so much of legislation affecting theSKC. 8; The moneys raised upon the fund or stock hereby- au- thorized, and the moneys raised under the fifth section of thisdwelling-house, No. 203 Ninth street, in conse^tienoo"States and Territories, such a policy as secession serves and hereby receives the, approval and indorsement of thisLaudon. Alternates: Thos. J. Boynton, F. Wentzel.Fifth Congressional District—M. Pinner, Jus. B. Gardenhire.Alternates: Henry Keymer, vym, Gilpin.falsehood of those calumnies used to exqite a sec- Sixth Congressional Districts. K. Kidd, Allen Homer. Al-date of the passage of this act All the provisions of the a*t on-titled " An act to regulate thoflnuncesof tho City of New-Y ork."pusced June eighth, eighteen hundred and twelve, so far as thehume msy be applicable, shull apply to the stock or fund thus arrived at. Mr. Willis has an insurance o* $6,000 in created; such stock or fund shall b« redeemable in thirty voarsthem, andfewtablished their peaal^emements in Africa,HISTORICAL &ocit£TX'iitjXCTvjvi.s o.v Ecrrr.—The long before the nationsiity of Mexico shall have been palpable, as in the struggle for pofisessing new fields Able, John C. Cavender, P . H. Manter, and Rudolph Board of CommissioBeni for tbe construction, improvement,Receipt* of* JProd«uc«%cago on tho 16th day of May uext wore instructed to thereof duly convened and entered at length on tb«ir minutes. Carter, as a bookbindery, and thenoe tho^ names ex-About 8 1 . < v dinner exUntitled Documentchiefly in the insensibility of <tovernment .debauched ?the Central Park in^Paidcity.8KC. 5. Thi* act shall take effect ioomedfatery.KKKK SUFFKAOK. *I^ernxnent of \g;.-^. i jrAmsterdam Inenra otber buildings in bo repaired for $Has it has been by opiates, to the rights oi -citizens in the several sections; and if it be not remedied, willThe resolution to submit to tbe people apropoe&on for an amendment to the Constitution, so aa to abolish the property qualification for olored voters, was taken np and pasi-eu by the following vote:YEAS—M#-»*r«. A M I , Bell, Ferry; Go««, Htramond, Lap- bam, McGraw, Manierre, Wont.g-.mery, Munroe, Vrot^r, JUrk. "e&A&hll0oud'S*MloD,,> Trnmau, Warner, WUUaaja—17. ^ ^NA YS—Kerns. Blood, Connolly. Fi«ro, Gardiner, Grant h-elly, JAiwrenct, Robertson, Spir^ola^-9.houser of Hermann by acclamation; also Mosara. Bart.Bircher, regulation, and government of the sold Central Park, and shall•>,.-i~r.,-^>**y+iAX-^ if^aOfSj*r,- i>Nw..',^,'./^j <»•/•'?*..«J"«.,-\ -,-, v,,fctrike out the Rennselaer and Saratoga, and Saratoga victed of illegal voting.:.nd Whitehall Roads, which was also lost. Mr. Colvin THE NATIONAL r.rjARD.i mmoved to amend by including the Troy and.Boston The Senate Committee oo Military Affairs to-day r*» Read, which was carried, 15 to 12. Mr. Proeser ported a bill authorizing the Commissary-Ceneral tomoved to amend by providing thatonly property going iurnish the Seventh Regiment, (National Goardj with a over the Northern Railroad, destined for Boston or complete set of camp equipments at an expense notexceeding §5,000.SUPKK1NTENDJENT 0,K PUBLIC INSTRUCTION. JOn motion of Mr. Munroe thy Senate resolved {if tho Assembly concur) chat the Legislature proceed on the 3d of April next, at 12 o'clock, noon, to the election of a Superintendent of Public instruction in place of theMr. ttessions then moved as an amendment his bill permitting the road to commuto by the payment ofserved upon bim. with .a notice of the dme when tbe same will taken, subsequently asked to have his vote recorded in be presented to the said Court, at least ten days before snch ap-tbe original House bill through the Senate, this one should go through, and be tent to the Assembly, which will no doubt fail to agree with the Senate's amend- ments, and thus result in a Conference Committee, which may possibly give us something better.THE CENTRAL PARK. .The bill to furnish the means for continuing the work on the Central Park was read a third time and passed by the Senate to-day, just as it came from the Houpe, without a dissenting vote, and oidy«requirea the Governor's signature to become a law.Mr. McLeod Mui phy, in explanation of his vote, re- marked that it waB ireeh, in the minds of Senators that he had pre Jented a series of resolutions making inter- rogatories to the Commissioners of the Central Park. To th«se interrogatories they had responded in a man- ner that seemed to have satisfied the majority of the Senate. It was, he said, due to himself to say, that two results had, at least, been accomplished." First, until this time the public had never had a detailed es- timate of the items necessary to Complete the Park; and second, we have now the pledge of the Commis-• sioners that for the sum voted by this bill it will becompleted. It had been his intention to set forth atlength his reasons for offering those resolutions; but itwould suilice to Bay, that representations of gre*tfraud and gross incompetency were made to him by clared to be the joint guardian of her children, with ber hus-SKC. 10. At the decease of bosband or wife, leaving no minor child or children, the survivor sh.tll hold, possrss, and enjoy a lieve them. He had no objection to this conclusion. life e«tatt» in one-third •fall the real estate of which the husbandof the carelessness of Eli/^beth Degan, one oJ tno act, shull be deposited by the Coutroller of the City of New- occupants, leaving a 1'ghtod candle or lamp ^earner7-Ubin said e i t y a n T S u n t ^ t o * ^ lected in addition to the ordinary taxes", ,* sum-of S t a 5 w 5 ^ &FIRE IK NINTH STREET. _Late on Saturday evening a fire occurred in thei•\ -of tie Police ar"vision was epeed:•••;-.".. www.fultonhistory.com 