 •iii-i!>torchlight process n by the WiderA wakes in the even- biilliaot promise and good sound nractical Western ing was a bxim*nt affair, making the day's demon- sense-and Mr. Lane of Warsaw. The speeches worestration a complete'success. all iroodi and listened to with great attention by thevast crowd. But the great speech of the Hon. O. H. —There is to be a great gathering of the Republicans Browning has added additional fame to the already50 J00KQ<?o.~.,^** ••••».«•»• OOf*....... •••I • I'1II iof my constitutional, advisers; and thie, too, in a pub- not full by any means; there was scarcely any one on the out- saye that his Lordship had not a club foot, as is gene- viz: the Attorney-General West, the Hon. John A .'of 1856 were in the line. This demonstration provedthat the nomination of Abraham Lincoln touched thesympathy and excited the enthusiasm of that fresh andthe French service and rose to the rank of Captain ia this noble peer, who will Jose no popularity at homo) 'inext meeting, by at least 500 rejeroits from this turnout same chute every day. The primary cause of all this and fearlees; that their riguts will never be invaded,, alone. Clubs came from Montgomery, Bucks, Dela- is the persuasion that Lincoln is the coming man,-and but will be protected and guarded."And Gatts—he was a bravo man', too, though he-madeno ehow. I was present at the surrender ofBurgoyne.I was on guard at the carop where Burgoyne and the. tween bim and Heenan. He will not "enter the ring . other British officers dined with Gates after the surrender. Tbey were all very morry, for all they hadbeen whipped. Gates pat at the head of the table, and:if i iI-~y20,000 at least. Thcextent of the vote wilt surprise of the coalition so' mu h harm as the course of Depeys- tain them. Under these asburincee all .was peaces—and Oineral.' ' D o IV eays Gates, laughing; —On the-13th ult., the infant daughter of the Prin-f&("S&fTUESDA Y ,*Oim€AL INfcmilGENCafef; all their baskets of provisions^"engsged in a jolly old ^c»<ion. I To dogmattjse dull divinity m a lrfrk wasagrte^ to loW four pohEc diacuwions m Ill^At* on Rose of Windsor, W."W: Elliot of Bmghamton;, what be was born for; and to have even tbe bint of a* dukes,,and princes, who have ran away te escape thefc PROM: UL8^T5kC0TJNTy. ««TT««tMB<l«B«« Of Tb« N . V T d W ,lunchInthe shade. The swne about this «im« wa« Jnfticeof,S^seions,Wm. B. R*lyeaofUnion; Soper- Sunday chance before a true blue congregation oC risingtideof Garibaldi's fortune, havereinforcedtho politicalqnefttions. Tfc«searetotakepla«Siflfoll'ow?: graidbeyond doecripVion. The hundredsof wagons, intendchtofPoor, Daniel Clark of Union; Coroner, ptout-heartedPuritans,ofmixing upadullbutdecent usualhabitue"$. Revolntfonitts.and"royalistsnoWm«e&«pWtc€ their dream," and.mgaixift corrontion and op;may be to the Democratic cause, candor compels .us to admit."• ;< ^•'••\idecease of "her late Imperial Highness the Grand at the popular demonstration, and Hemmerle could not' SOI1LOntral RR.*c|voreardentepintprevailed, and a temporary^lsion . w a s formed; both sets of delegates wereadautted. and J B Steele w*s tbeir cboe»n candidate for Congrea-ofmanyof ourownstatesmen, and said,fiatif Mr. Liocoln should be elected, he believed that the country. " M Y D E A R S I R :sume that the expectant Governor meant to be under-stood that his principles, and not himself, were to pass or plain linen, white gloves, necklaces, and^ ear-rings, mother, which sum, in that event, shall be paid over. preaches to it to the east and The meeting was or;address a mass meeting, replied as follows:amd.rutal districts.Various stands were extemporized along Broadetrett, at which prominent speakers from the city andsentiments of merely personal delicacy flowing from my own relations to-the canvass,.from the performance of* this duty which in thought to be due to the cause.en and disorderly. Mr. Clay spoke two hours. It waswill be found voting' ;;:'jkeedom and the rj^ht. { . , —A Widfr-Awake club, numbering 100, has been At the Democratic Congressional Convention, held formed at Argyte, Washington County, N. YJ ..SIR: A certain distinguished gentleman of other Duchess Anne of Rnseia, aunt to her Majesty the refrain from muttering, "Only to think that the fellowat Xm«ton the other day, Greene Comity sent a double set of Delegate*; the. r*euH was a quarrel, which would have been of Uo discredit to Donny-brook Fair Haidl words almoslf-came to blows—mutualIn a speech made at Brownville, Tenn., on the I8tb ult., Hon. Emenzon Etheridge is reported as hav- ing argued at great length the immorality of Slavery.2$©Oder., CoL'&'.£fci.•veernnination made them red in the face and knotty mtibe&t. but finally the spirit of concessjon or some ^Be sns<ain?d his position by citatione from the writings inst.: . -! :die in the same national party (Whig) with Clay and Kent.'' The following is the official order for the dis-" I declare and make known that if any of my sons, either directly or indirectly, shall eerve under the Aus- trian flag, he is to be disinherited and to forfeit the sum which he would have received after the death of his10.000 Vlrgisl* St*u Tti 4000C*hton.l« St*t'3 WON. Car Sut- • 5,000TMUL 8ut* M ••* 3 000 Krl* RR 3d It. i2.000 Mich. So. 2d H. 1,000 do...4000 do..........104 N. Y. Coot-R R. 500 do •••*.»• 01..200 do. 20020 Erie R R A»*wt"d 200 Rrw R*llro«d.000 do.310 do. • • • • > • • • 16 do...220 Hudaon RiT*r Rfrom a distance appeared. Two hours were thua con- There is but little di->unionism anywhere, even in . earned, and about 10 o'clock the signal for forming into the South, bes;.de that which is stimulated byline was given, and the dliferent associations mirchedinto proper position, and began to move down'Chestnut e etreet to Tenth, whence they baesed up Walnut, cross- ing Broad. Some-idea may »e formed of the lengthNorthern speculators in national politics practicing on the following account of an immense..jn^ling of Re- seurs—was- intended as a satire on the Jury'of the New-York a few years since. Thus brought together these honorable gentlemen were then accompanying-•reappearing beyond Broad, waile the other end hadfnot . - « e t moved from Market and £ road.Let all tbe people agree that they will seek to under- stand all questions entering into our public affairs, de- termine that they will meet them, discuss and dscidegations from the several towns and counties exceeded . anything I have ever seen. The Sycamore delegation, in which Mr. Clay came, numbered 3,000, extending for miles in length; Genoa 1,000 strong; southern towns 6,000, &c. The grand procession was one of the most imposing that I have ever witnessed. The meeting was held in the Grove west of the town, -where the masses were addressed at three stands at the same time—at the first by the Hon. Cassius M. Clay,drawn. . this has something to do witb the uncontrollable and —An English correspondent writing from Palermo, extraordinary stubbornness of the ignorant rebels under date of August 17, says: of Kingston, who did not seem to realise the insultI was juet folding and closing this letter, written they were offering their princely guest and futureThe procession must have be mtwo mileslong, formedof Lincoln Guards, Campaign Clubs, Continentals, in- :them, dismiss their self-constituted guardians', andban-' vincibles, Wide-Awake 8, Deft nders, and various, other ishiog the prophets of evil, the Balaams of our Israel— organizations. Most of them were preceded by bands 'and all will be well. If we at the North are to be of music. They marched in cloee order and at quick frightened by the question of Slavery, in what a condi-step, with platoons of six men each, and were more tion must tney be -who in the South are watchine:than three quarters of an hour in paseing a given point. for the dawn of Freedom's day, when slave-masters and Every man except 'the officer* i, bore a torch, and the free laborers may unite to lift the heaviest bond whichcapes and caps oi blue, red, white; and other colors, white as well as black men ever bore? With greatKing. . - j .Although this state of things was said to have been brought about by the blunders of the Government and the slubborness of the Duke of Newcastle, I have thought that, perhaps, it might als^ have been partly intended for their representatives in Parliament, who will row undoubtedly have to play their cards Well to main'ain'their position. Whether hia Grace was awaredriving back along the Toledo to the Royal Palace, of all theee facts I do not pretend to know, but it where he is now transacting business, as the phrase is,size, character or impressiveness. Manv of the m?st ject that cannot b» effected without them, and not con-' respectable citizens,"business men, professional men, eidering any moral question to be involved, I wentinechani;s, and others were ib the ranks, thus giving into the plan of uniting the Opposition to Lincoln in it an influence rarely recognized in such displays. * • this State, heart and soul, but alis t the votes did notThe mort noticeable leature, after the beautiful and they will not be transferred. The dovjl, or some- pageant its*Lf, w»s the persorum of which it was com- thing else, has got into them. Why, what do youposed. In that immense prt*M>ggion, numbering many think 7 The Lincoln men have the names of 81,000 of thousands, there was hardly a man above 40 years ofafter much auffeiing, from the effect of burns wkichshe received last Winter, while endeavoring to save alady whose dresB had caught fire at a/ball given by the Mayor of Kingston is sensible, dignified, and firm; and-,_-,.*.-1-; *~Vfc«-«r..-.J.,N ^ « F G R B tDAI1*¥ TRIBUNE,SEPTEMBER•••'• .«[,y,11,(l\ COMMEdStale* at fb* S,000lU..8 5«iarM:C.*rJ 17fO)Tenr.««»aoSt **•4.<x.e!Mi-*n,iist»*e 2,(00 JSrfc 2d Mt'K- 2 1>0E.R.R24M. t; fixOK. R.R. 3<iM BJ 5,0CO£»i«R »••**aoooSwicb. So. 2<i;M.«8.«00 4 °7 0o«m.q«tr»iK-!,'. 15 0M-Cble. *.Nf \V40 Bm-k of Comoxrn10 MotropolitHn BM 16 P»*ififi M- H- 3' ('.' .:" /i #$*&;1r n i i i I I ' i* l»veunfted^itft the Eepu^ksana; an* more, ef. the« a * e * » t wiB soon copy th*fr example. While thi-y of Northern New^York and Eastera Vermont at Piatt s- «rreat reputation of this brilliant and profound orator. ,4+ not like every ptyak in «ux platform hurgh, on Thursday, the 13th inst., the anniversary of Never before had I been-placed where the magic spell2*0 K. T. Ojot. R Ii50 <J».........v. 33O do26 $} do...........tbey cheerfully %combine] with us to defeat the famous battle by laud and lake at that locality in of this gifted orator and profound* lawyer and states- sweakaxdwickedAdminfetration,andrebukethe thewarof.1812-15. Animmenseturn-out,all'along man couldbe thrown aroundme. Indeed the100 100 1 S00 S5000« 1<"0 A*"J !<:«"dodo....... .... do.t and selfish men wbb wbald sell them to the attempt at intimidation at Hannibal and Stone's Prairieh< Ids, fuxd will hold, it is probable, the family servantsSouthern, and in accordance with bis birth and educa- many, Cabinet Ministers to whom Sunday must be a of Hobenzollern-Sigmarigen, brother of the lately—tion." • >'.i very dull day. Lecturirgin thelong vacation is nearlyworn out.and we shouldoe very glad to see her Majes- deceased young Queen of Portugal, and sou of theiUpon this, The Enquirer says that "it will be.per-: ty's Ministers in the pulpit. Most.of them would adorn President of the Prussian Ministers. The Princess isd«.:no•corrupt; the holders of Lake Champlain, is anticipated. Joshua seems to have aroueedtbe-sleeping lion within him, and ^ibidder . Someoftbeeei(Ameri3ana.inspired:Dythethat be haii inherited.' His sentiments are stronglydeal in Mr. James's suggestion. There are certainly of Portugal, is to be married with the Prince Leopold..:„ii of T6—men who woxfld xather wear a crown of R, Giddings, Henry B. Stanton, Martin J. Townssnd, thfs speech had all the fire and brilliancy of his»rns in freedom than a wteafli of flowers on the aac- younger days and tbe profound and logical soundnessLtoar of the county, and I fi^d scores of reading and ionFridaynightinGuilderland, N. Y. thinking Americans who hate fully determined to ex-ert the utmost of their endeavors to elect Lincoln and. , •Hamlin- They are <B*gustfe4 with the bargain and80 ' 100 1 !<<<>•ale made by Brooks and Hunt, and do not hesitate to Rennselaer County. Beside 1,500 or 2,000# from thekroitheir anathemas at the heads of these P?htteal auc- "\iHage and neighborhood, 1,000 Wide-Awakes wentmuch larger, number of slaves, and a much cial Gazette, a sterling Republican journal "printed at greater amount of property generally than does Mr. Wyandotte, Kansas. Mr. Taylor svas an active and Breckinridge, is a tfact, which, however, injurious it efficient worker in Ulster County during tihe FremontSft.•W^»-fM?'-and others, are to address the meeting. of matnrer years. <Once under the magical spell oftkm block—were in this procesaiou. and marched to —A great'turn out of the Wide-A wakes teok place that powerful intellect and splendid and persuasive the music of liberty and U«ion. I havetfust made theceived, then, be it known once for ail, that John C. it, and it would- make a sermon from Mr. Disraeliw* do.. fee lore do.........:.100 Er\*> RR. A»»*Bt»-. ^;' ;day night, was the largest ever held in any town invoice, I was irresistably held a willing captive. If ever before Sham Democracy and the Little Squatter got such a drubbing and riddling, the Lord pity them if they do not repent. W h e n he took within his grasp the would-be mourners and self-styled defenders of Henry Clay, and by the "Great Commoner's" actsin her sixteenth year.,—A sensation has lately been caused in the lawCourts of Padua by the reading of the last wfll andf testament of Vincenzo Calzavara Pinton. The an- nouncement of its Anti-Austrian provision called forth the unrestrained applause of those present in the Court- during the reading. Tbe eVustriau Judge,/days, now figuring on the public Btage, in 1849, w h e n . Queen and to his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, can't be arrested." The following are the paragraphs a candidate for Governor of this'State, wrote as fol-lows: " I will never surrender my - claim to live and and sister to her Royal Highness the Duchess of which called forth the demonstraiions of delight:—The Republican meeting at Schaghticoke on Fri-"Breckinridge is served by his own slaves, while John poesibie."slaves of hie wife. That Mr. Bell's wife owns a (N. Y.) Journal^ has become co-editor of The Commer-100 Hu4*on Rlrer Mi. jtioneers. Stone Ridge wab the stronghold of the up from Troy and Green Island, and eeveral hundred a^d words proved thenxdefamers of that glorious man,Know-Nothiogs; but **a ange has come over theand falsifiers of history, it seemed that the very bones of lhe shedders of these crocodile tears crackled, in the ears of his auditors, so crushing. were the blows he dealt tbem. This meeting, all in all, was the most bril- liant oi the campaign. W e have made large gains from the Shams since '58, so look out for good news from old Adams in November.—The following letter from President Buchanan ap- pears in Tlie Washington Constitution of the 7thfrom other points, making the aggregate number of n, and in favor of Wide-Awakes present/more than 1,300.James Buchanan; but should he lose his head he would and political friend of Silas Wright, presided. The en- report of >the speech, because I never held any such now reappeared with a variety/of flourishes, the ques-CO. . . . . . . . ,etill be a neck And shonldejrs taller than his candidateJbr the Presidency. Gen. jJos»ph Smi h, the Presi-dent of the State Temperance Society, is a resident of Messrs Henry B. Santon and Charles S.^Beale.Ulster County, and a live Bepubhcan. I find that alargo majority of the clergymen of all denominations,and the teach'eTS in our schools and colleges, are wide- County took place on the 5th inst. at Rondout. A pro- and not one of his relatives. Even among those of his awake Republicans; and itps a fact worthy of record cesfcion was formed, and after marahing through the friends who have rendered themselves prominettly hos- that the bone and beauty, soul and sinew, wealth and town, a Lincoln and Hamlin flagstaff was raised on the tile to the measures of the Administration, a majority worth of society are devoted to the success of the still remain in oflice. . 'Iiscoln ticket. The feeblejefforts made here and else- Ylei^btburg Elevation, in the eastern side of the vil- " I might a-id that I have never held a political conver- where by uncongenial coalitions can no morearre9t lage. A mee'-ing was. also held at Washington Hall, sation with Judge Douglas on this or any other subjectthe current of freedom, thah the Wall-kill can drain the Hudson because.it runsm an opposite direction.eince the day my first Annual Message of the 8ih De- cember, 1857, was read in tbe Senate; and I did not trantmil the Kansas Constitution to Congress until theIn the evening edition of The Express of this date, ab'out nine inches in length, narrow, high at the instep, I find an account of a tremendous'" Bell and Everett meeting "in Rockland County, at|\vhichthe ex-Hon. Erastna Brooks made and. generally of symmetrical ehape. They were ac-To the Editor• S m : , That CanadaCatholic country, and Canada West as truly Protestant, any one acquainted with the Provinces well knows-thusiastic crowd was addressed for three hours bywhere Dr. Donai and W. H. Romeyn made addresses. —A large meeting cf German. Republicans was heldof The N. Y.Tribune.Next Thursday. the Republicans of U ster and Greenehold their Congressional Convention, and will nomi- on Thursday evening, at Londeqnoit, N. Y. Three 2d Fer-mary, 1858, the question of slavery not havingcompanied by the following affirmation from William Swift, shoemaker, Southwell;who made his Lordship's, boots and shoes from 1803 to 1807:nate the man who will be elected. o. w. B. PEOPLE'S RATIP1CATION MEETING.Gem*pcaadeac9 of The N. 7. TxtBune. .PHILUJOELPHIA, Sept. 9,1850. Lastnightwillbelong remembered for oneofthe 3 most imposing, brilhant, sutcesafal political pageantsever witnessed in this country. The evening was se- this place Monday evening next. Our County is good ]««ied by the People's partly for ratifying our local for from 500 to 700 for Lin x>ln. We will put McPher-nominations for county offices and members of Con- eon thrcngh without donbt.* Our friends are becominggress by a public meeting, and subsequently with a more and more interested as the day of battle draws Sand torchlight proceesion. Toward nightfall the in- nigh. We are pretty well organized, and are working.'' Bttions were, unpropitious and threatening, but the —A Republican Campaign- Club was organized at Siritofthemasseshadbetnraisedbythe'promised PortChester,N.Y,,onMondayevening,Sept.3.monstration, and if all th J elements had conspired The following were the officers elected:against it, they would still ! lave turned oot in their 1* co. L. Rnah, President; John W . Lowmbnry, First Vice- might and majesty. L ng b afore 8 o'clock, tna hour Pr«irfd«»nt; Chan. H. PalmeT,. S*<v>i)d Vic^-Preaident; Lemuel appointed for the meeting, unimmenseconcooxse of H.Wilson,Secretary;Dr.E.T.Mathewu,Treaaurer.people had assembled in fronl of Penn square, stretch- —The Hon. John A.. Andrew, Republican candidateing north and sooth along Bjioad Htreetj therartatidcen- for Governor of Massachusetts, ha^iDg been invited to tral avenue of the city, and tilling the intersecting ap-To tbe honor of old Rockland, I would say that I have heard thespeechpronouncedbytheintelligentmenofallpartiesthe " Now, my dear sir, in writing this to you I have greatest pack of garbled misstateaaents that were ever utteredThegreathobbyjofthe Parliamentary Oppositionfor Wm. Swift, boot and shoe maker, Southwell, Notts, years has been to tbrow the domination of Lowerhundred men were present. Speeches were made in been decided by a vote of the peopl^mtil 21st Decem-German and English, and.the remarksofall were ber.1837.waimlyreceived. transgressed a rulewhichIhadprescribedformyself —A correspondent at Chambersbnrg, Penn., writes not to contradict any statements assailing my public conduct, and character until after the conclusion of my onthe5thinst asfollows: termofoffice. Astatement,however,comeswithsuchhaving hadthe honor ofworking for Lord Byron, In the article, Mr. Brooks says (he was his own reporter) thit wbilyliving at Southwell, from the year 1803 to 1807, " not lees than 1,200 or 1,500 were in the ' wigwam' and listened affirms that these were the lasts upon whioh his lord- tohi-1address." Now,Mr.Editor,thisisaHe,aud.Icanprove ship'sbooteandshoesweremade,andthatthelastpairBOSTOK, Sept.-6,1860.GENTLEMEN:Withoutamoment'sJrlelayIhastento thoughtful,earnestfreemen,whocametolistentothePERSONAL.Chambertin;Peter.theGreat,Madeira;Cardinal whohasmonopolizedhalftheroyalhonorsnofariia--Southern apprehensions, and systematically misleading Southern minds. The South can take care of its own disunionism. There are Southern men enough to drivepublicans at DeKalb, 111., on the 5th inst.: Paris Academy. One of hjs best historical pieces once more, these two old acquaintances have been try- the Prince at Kingston, on board of the steamer Kings-" There has been a grand rally of the Republicans repreeents the Defeat of the Cimbri. His style of ing their strength; and this time Mr. Pindar has proved ton. The Hon. John A. McDonald did visit the nun-. . and sp endor of the spectacle, when His known that that monster into the Gulf of Mexico without a North-the head of the colnmn, which started from Broad ern man or gun. And, if need be, they would do it. gather about 8 o'clock in the morning, and by noon no street, passed through Chestnut, Tenth, and Walnut, The real.danger is not to the Union, but to the people. less than 30 000 people were on the ground. The dele-painting was bold! and original, his coloring brilliant, trasts in a humorouB and pictureque manner.—The Arkansas True Democrat says: " The report that a fatal duel had been fought by Dr . Mitchell and E. W. Gantt, we are assured on good authority, is utterly without foundation, the difficulty between those two gentlemen having been amicably and honorably settled. •. .' . -: '.....-.respect and regard, I am faithfully yours,(Signed) JOHN A. ANDREW.To Messrs. JONATHAN Botnwcu, jr., E THOKNTO.V jr., WAKKKN IMDD, and other .Republicans of New-Beoford.—Tlit Baltimore Patriot has a.letter from this ci^.y in which a sound judgment is very clearly expressed as follows: ./ * .-run by the Americans for Mayor of that city, ad- . tasteful American flags and neat devices. The trans- ceived. There is no possible hope for eo desirable an drespeo the great mass meeting held there last Friday parencies and banners were fi esh, attractive, and dec- iseus. Differing widely from yr>u upon the qaestion evening in favor of Lincoln/and Hamlin. Ho de-orated with pa'riotic mottoes. Prom first to list it was of coalitions, deemiDg them to be legitimate politicalwere brought out with fine e-feet, under the d-urk and " .lowe k g Iky. The whole f>rce marched with thedrill of eoloiers, and preserved the utmost decorum throughout. No parade of your crack Seventh regi- ment, was ever conducted wiil more propriety anI dis- cipline.old gentleman's convereation will entertain the" reader:. " I was working on the, farm," commenced the old tween the Monte Gallo and Monte Pellegrino, and wasAll the streets through whkh the procession passed-were thronged with dense mas !es of sympathising spec-tators. Most of the torch p<Jes were decorated wi Jh on New-York going against Lincoln. DonV be de-gentleman, " when the news came of the troubles with the British. A good many lads enlisted, and I felt like 'listing as well as the rest; but my mother didn't like towith his Vice Dictator, De Pretis, the Sardinian Deputy, and his other Ministers. I am told Garibaldi will leave in about half an hour..'—Tbe Countess de Saint-Marsault, wife of the Pre- fect of the Seine/and Oise, and one of the Princesswould appear rather a complicated question to handle, as the opposition like nothing more than to em^grassr the Ministry by whatever means, particularly on Ibis question. Accordingly some of the ministerial jour- nals have seen fit to lay the blame on the Duke of" I see that our Maryland friends are counting largelything, and one day she see me cleaning my musket. ' Ralph,' she says • you ain't gone and 'listed V ' Not just y<-t, mother,' I said. Still she was uneasy, and Ia spectacle such as has hardly ever been equaled in nounced that secret and doubtful arrangement by weapons,, whenever tbey can be used,to effect an ob- which ten pretended Bell men were put- upon thetee her go to a neigbbor whoso son had gone down to ClothOde's ladies of honor, has just expired at Paris, Newcastle, eaying nothing of Sir E&muud WalkerBoetcn to jinejthe army. . I followed her, and when I got to the house I heard her. crying. I was sorry then, but it was too late. The next day I and a lot of others were marched to jioe< the army at Cambridge,-where Gineral Washington had just come to take com- mand.' On the road the people came out of their houses and cheered us, and at Andover Colonel Abbott treated the officers, and eeat ns out some cider and grocrmarched to Charleutown, ana the Battle of BankerHill was fought. Ah! that was a terrible, bloody who diiected the construction of the Fort of. Malgherafight! It wa3 a shocking slaughter ! /TJvas the first at Venice under the first empire, and himself enteredage. The great body of them were between 25 and the very men who voted for Fillmore in 1856, inscribed3o years old. Numbers of the 'j Fillmore Minute Men"' on their poll lists for Lincoln—not put there by guess, this campaign. I want to have. this agitation of thebut by actual, veriiable,-personal inquiry -of each man Slavery question put at rest; and it never can be untilas to bis course! When I came to know this, I saw that. t'"e.S<mth.i8 taught the lesson that it mutt not be longer all was up. But this is not half the etory. The Doug'as used as an element of political power. The election of ard Breckinridge men, being Democrats, and having Lincoln will bring peace to the country, advance itsdon't see euch fine men as Girieral Washington these led or sold by designing demagogo.es. It is believed their rank? and rushing *o Lincoln with a perfec; stam- tween the different sections of the Union. The S^uth days. And old Putnam ! he was a rough old fellow,- that the different Societies will be reenforccd at their pede. Beside this, the Bell men are also taking the will learn that a Nonhern man can be jn'at, and honeat, but brave as a lion; he cared for nobody nor. nothing.vigorous class of the community who act and vote ac-cording to th«ir own convictions of duty, and cannot be a hankering after the flesh-pots of Egypt, are breaking national interests, restore fraternity and ha-mony be-time I had ever seen a battle. After that I fought withbe army through three campaigns, from 1775 to 1777.I often saw Washington. lie was a fine mau. Wethe 4th Light Infantry, and was wounded at the battle . of Dresden. Afterthe peace he left the army, andbecame actor, dramatic writer, and manager.—The editor -Of The Troy. Times is authorized byfor doing fearlessly his duty only hers. jHe supposed, undoubtedly, that his greatest diffi- culty here was to harmonize and endeavor to reconcile the foreign or French population, relying upon theware, and other counties, and th> neighboring towns of tbe secondary, which is almost as powerful, is the re- Camden, Burlington, PhenixvfcBk, and Mount Holly vulsion of feeling amo^g the honeet voters at being re:quiied to cast their suffrages for and with partieswere well represented. Altogether,' it was a great against which their prejudices are so strong. We poli- lin. • Among hiss remarks are the following: - . .and perfect-success, which, beeps being eatiaractory to ticians, you know, have little qnalms of conscieoos in "The Demociatic party in the National contest ofour own frwnds, gave our opponents a foretaste of the seizing at every plank that will 8ave us from drowning; 1852, when Mr. Pierco was nominated, indorsed the there was pome laughing done where Burgoyne was defeat which is in store for them a few weeks hence. not so with people who are not in quest of place and Compromiee measures of 1850, declared them a finality seated, and Gates wanted to know what it was about.Pennsylvania-is certain for Li icoln by an immense power. And this prejudice is fanned in'.o inordinate Somebody said,.'Gineral -Burgoyne eays you, look majority, and Curtin will be elected Governor by fury by the Lincoln press. Nothing has done tbe cauw) on the Slavery question, and pledged the. patty to sus- moro like an old woman "than a solaier--Mr. Morriesey to say that no match has been made be- loyalty of the EoglLeh. Scotch, and Iriah of Western Canada, and undoubtedly thought they might afford to•the country. Our accessions may be counted by .scores tcr Ogden, Huntington, and Carroll, who wore put on peace would have continued had not the roan (who of alldaily. AD the news from the interior is of the most the Douglas-Boll ticket as Bell men. Their kick up others was the last to be suspected) moved the repeal ofonoouragingcharacter. Wear>unitedandconfident. hasoversetourbucket. Andthereisthebullueaded theMissouriCompromise,whichhehadBOoftende-The enemy are disheartened and distracted, while their obstinacy of Ottcdorfer and McMaetor, that hae clared he would sustain, thus opening anew the'woundsbotftilit'ee arejbecomiitg more embittered -every day. driven off the mass of the Irish and Datoh votes. which had been so happily healed by the compromisesThe attearpt io- transflr the Bell vote to Foster will Added to this, is the unwise attempt of Mee3rs. Hunt, of 1850—and that, tooj in open defiance of the wishesprove a failure; except so far as tlte mere managers are Brooks, Ketchum and others to break the force of these of nine-tenths .of all the Northern Deinoorats, and inconcerned. Mr. Bell has a bod; r*of devoted friends in delinquencies, by braving public opinion. There may opposition to the warning given that if persisted in andWell, perhaps i do. I've delivered Gineral Bargoyne of 10,0.00 children at any rate, aud they all laugned heartily; Gatesgottheb'eBtoftheBritisher. After tho war was .over, I came and settled on this farm. It cost $2 an acre, and I had a hundred acres. It was all a.wilderneBB then—nothing but forest for miles around, and the woods were full of bears and other wild animals; the bears often molested me, and I shotcess Frederic William was baptized at the new palaceatPotsdam,by"thecourtpreacher,Hoym;when theyoung princeee received the name of Victoria ElizabethAugusta Charlotte. Among the distinguished personspresent were tho Queen of Prussia, the members ofthe royal family residing at Potedam and Berlin, the masses. w . H. M. Prince Augustus of Wiirtemberg, the Duke of Bransthis city, but they are upright anjd intelligent, and will possibly be a fusion with the Breckinridge men, but it earned through not a State north of Mason and Dixon'soot suffer themselves to be sold opt for the profit of ve- line would be left to the Democratic party. The a good many. One day I was in the wooda with noth-wick, the Hereditary Prince and Hereditary Princess A 'PiuzE-FiCHr PKEVK.NTJED.—On Sunday after- of Dessau, the Pridces Louis and Henry of Hesse, noon Capt. Porter of the Twelfth Ward and sevarafnal tricksters who are destitute of principle, and have en- is doubtful after Breckinridge's Lexington speech. But echeme was adopted. The result.is known. And now ing but my ax, when a bear dropped from a tree cloBe j?aged in thie basinets asa mercenkry speculation. They it matters little now what tbey do—I regard the game for that party to take for its standard-bearer the very by; presently another came down, and then three are Old Line Whigs, who/never voted for Locofocos, as up. New-York is irretrievably for Lincoln, and I man. who has caused it3 destruction, and to-day openly cubs. I didn't like the looke of it, but after staring at and do not mean at this time to support Mr. Foster, who shall return home, and try to save old Maryland, from boasts that he brought in the bill to lepeal the'Missouri me they all made off, and I let'em go. Once I kjjjed was engaged in the fraud by which Pennsylvania was tbe grasp of the Breckinridge party. It is the daty of Compromises* is ofterinp; a reward for treachery. Now a mooee-deer cloee by my log hut. It weighed wO •cheated in 1044, when James KJ Polk was proclaimed all Southern Whigs and Americans to break the back- who has changed ? Let consistent Democrats answer, • pounds! I lived in the. log hut by myself for four a better Taritt' man than Henry Clay. They know bone of the Breckinridge Democracy in the slavd and whatever that answer may be. I am not conscious yeare, and then I. got married, and after awhile builtime serving partisan, States. Th$t done, we may be in a position to hold in of having changed my position-—hence I cannot with this house just above where the log-cabin stood. IField-Marshal von Wrangel, the English Minister, Lord Bloomfield, &c. The baptism of the daughter of the Princess Frederic Charles took place'two days previ- ously.of his men observed an unusually large number of hard-looking fellows making for Riker's and Berrian'a Luanda in the East River, and, believing that a prize fight was on foot, the Captain dispatched twenty- five officers to the two islands; with instructions to arrest any and all parties whom they should find disturbing the peace. As the. officers approached Berrian'a Itland they discovered a gathering of above fifty* person* who immediately dispersed,Foster to be a weak, unreliable, ot-in the spirit of the check the new Lincoln administration, and prevent' it any degree of consistency or self respect, support the have had eeven children; live of thorn are still living."WASHINGTON, Aug.11,1860.I have received your favor of the ,8th inBL- inclosing a printed extract from the recentWebfcter, Bell and Mangum, Stanly and Gentry."Well: as he " still lives," in one sense, it is fair to pre-mal fortnight of grief: Themourningwas to commence on the 27th ult., the ladies to wear black silk, fringed———• xc: £&TM5.mi. Ill iisawr&tis; Mmmm ,tiiia i"jtge &&Ml ••-ilSfVi -WSM-*' "'dge TrumhuD-aud H«o. O.IB; Fisk'n^luve b»ge, au.<i divided,Mp.v;htmdredc of groups,; all with Hcpkms, Bmghr,mton;( School CommiaBioners, A> M$ and every gesture only ,beta-ays that he has' m'ssed his lets. But lately a host of Neapolitan counts, marquises,At Mendota, 8ept. SCth; at Pittsfield^ 22d; at Vanda- &Td bat-ncre. and flag? .innumerable: the musio of tho^ harangue consisting of equal parte of Puritanism andkwjbwroH, §ept. 8,1860. Ha, 25th; at Oentoaha, 26th. ; I bands, the hundreds of ladies and gentlemen on, horse- Michael Bunder of Nanticoke. the .Post Office, most have made the Lord Privy Seal together on the common platform of their eountry%>back, the flatboats, log-cab-ns,, -great platforms on ; -^-The official returns of the recent election in Ar- begin to think that life had other duties than that of ices, if net on a footing of perfect harmony, at leasfi ?fc* Wide A wak'^ ^ ^ ^ o i parading the otreeteof —On ibe 4th met-, the Repuhlio^ns of Ogle Co., HI, wheels, where rail-uoHttiogj blacksmithing, coopering,Kingston this ev «fning, aud fibey made a fine appear- tnrntd out in great numbers to heai Caesiofl M.'Clay shoemaking and other trades were represented; the kansas show Rector's majority to be 1,559; Hind- looking down upon all men. The Law Lords and dig without any outward an<t manife»t repugnance. It i«v Wide-Awakes from Qnincy, Marceiline^ Lima, Camp ance -with the»> torches aadlb^aners. TmVorganiia- and thcH-n. J. H. Bakerof Minteaota, atPolo. There Point, and La Prairie; immense delegations fromt » n is i n . * ^ infancy here, bet it wa« a giant m the were ho*we*n 8 000 and 10 000 people present. There Honey Creek, Keene, Ellington, Urea, Columbus, wodto, ar^d can run alone w* &>ut the aid of leadlsgr has seldom been teen soenthneias ic a meeting. The Gilmer, ^36ar Creek. Qoinoy, Chili, in Hancockman's, for Congress, in the First District, .10,352; Gannt'e, in the Second District, 3,562,nitariee a)wajs like a lit'le bit of sermonizing^. To the affirmed that a Republican refugee has been seen sip- Chancellor and the. Solicitor-General their Presbyte- ping a tutu frutti at the very same table with a royal- rian and Wesley ah experiences of their good fathers'utrmas* Poor « M » « Aim tiift Americans considered yean ago the ^Americans co-County, and, in fact, from all points »n the surround- countiy towns sent in strong delegations, and numbers ing country. Speeches were made at three different—The question whether John Bell or John C. BrecB> pulpit performances must have given them experi-- ist functionary who some years ago consigned him to ii.ridge is tbe more of a slaveholder, is much discussed men'al, powers; and it would delight them to return, tho galleys. ; ,;ih:1heS<uthernjdarhale. The'last statement on the in age and in person, to exercises which, under —The. Cleveland (0.) leader says:'" We record paternal administration, they doubtless enjoyed in theirsubject appears in The. Richmond Enquirer, from; the youth. The Attorney-General wojold rrjoice in more with sincere pleasure that Gov. Denuison, on the pen of Mr. H. Winston. Stamper/who Bpeaks'aa fol- frequent opportunities of elaborating his celebrated unanimous reeomm*nda*ion of the Fund Commission- lower : , .,:. • ' ' ' ) • thesis, that, of all the benefits the Goepel has conveyed ers, has reappointed James A. Briggs, esq., of thu*"As the report has been somewhat circulated about to mankind, the greatest is the opoortuni.y of beloing city OhioState Ag-ntm New-York for two years frontVirginia thst; Msje'r John Cabell Breckinridge of Ken- men to rise in tbe world.. But Mr. Gladstone—think of July last. Mr. Briggs has rendered the people of Ohio- "tncky, and nominee of the Equal Rights Democratic the chance of adding yet another laurel to his exuber-party, is a Jnon-BlavehoMor,T wish here distinctly to ant chaplet I He would be the most popular preacher faithful and valuable .ervice in the important Agency, deny vu truth; for I am a Kentuckian, and person ally in.London—so rich his verbiage, so full the current of and thJirurianimous reappointment isaxaerited acknowl- that divine talk\ no eager for paradox, so delighted in edgement of the capability and fidelity of the man andknow him and his family, and I say that ho is a slave- the dear task or making the dark more obscure by thathoUfer, although not a large one; for his means are so flood of eloquence which to his rapt eyes alone is light officer^' ' j,nitderateasnottoallowbimtobeso;andhehow anddemonstration. Wemustsaythatthareisagood —ThePrincessAntonia,youngestsisteroftheKin?;xnty. Tbeir^»emmatk>!Cliter th*ir banner county. ns "wore came from adjoining counties. The town was alive stands, by Grimshaw, Browning, Prentiss and- equivalent to an election; th< \r yoke was potentln oon- With people. Mr. Clay spoke about' two hoars. The Greeley of Qnincy, and B. F . March of Hancock, ourTOrtions; thetr wffiwaa>i^ but tt» b ^ men in the party were not merchantable commodities; thsy re- fused to be bough* and «>H at public or private wOe. -vad w»re disinclined to be trioaferred to aa^orgamaed "band of political speculators Consequently, manycandidate for State Attorney-©, young lawyer ofrional distinction; but tblrf gentleman lacks two.ele- wohld prosper as ii had'done heretofore, and that at the speech of Judge Douglas at Concord. You inform me through that channel to the tomb. But in this vie w a black or white choes, fane and tippets; the gentlemen' one-half to the poor of t^e Parish of Piauiga. tbe otherao^nis of success, and onelfo a sufficient number of wetee to make his calling and election sure.The Softs and the Hards hate each other as much as ti&ey fear the certain triumph of Kepablicanism, andclose of his administration /negro property would beyou expect to oe at the Charlottesville Convention, and * would be glad to know something of the interview referred to 'in that speech. According to this extract,half to the Ministry of War of his Majesty the King of serious difficulty presents itself, as in the same maoi'" to wear black full-trimmed, fringed, orplain linen, black Piedmont, Victor Emanuel and his successors, to beadvanced in value. v• ,: .festo he told us that "9nen flourishand disappear, while principles are fixed and eternal. Among the princi-sworde and buckles. The Court to change the mourn,- ing on Monday, the 3d day of September, as follows:distributed to the your g men of the province who shall serve under the adored standard of the King of Pied- mont. Rather than serve Austria they ought to bo—There was-a splendid meeting at Catskill on Wed-the Judge states:tibefr bond of union is the saoils of office.. This morn- nesday evenirg, on the occasion of the dedication of a . " ' The President told me if Tdid not obey him and vote to ples to which he professed to be.devoted was a "senti-W I hewrd the postmaster at Stone Bidge declare, to a Republican Wigwam.. The Wide-Awskes of that and force the Lecomjston Constitution upon the people agninst their ment "implanted Jby the Creator and eternally fixed The ladies to -wear black silk or velvet, colored rib- ready to die.stage fnJQof passengeTg tluft thare were no Breckis-ridcemen now, that all we)re goimrforDoug?as; andhe chockled over bis declaration with an air that mightImve e s t -him his office, liad it been witnessed byadjoining towns were out in full force, accompanied by music, cannons; and fireworks. The venerable Judge Powers, formerly of the State Senate, and a personalwill, he would take off the head of every friend I hadin office.' - in his h«=art. And.that sentiment he declared was bons, fane, and tippete^or plain white, or white aud " In bke manner, I declare any one of my sons to" It is unnecessary to quote the alleged reply of the Judge. '.*'.'." Surely, there must have been some mistake in the"the spirit of liberty "—liberty for all mankind, and undyirg hostility to the extension of Slavery. Well: Gov..Hunt flourished and disappeared; and, as he hasgold, or white ami silver stufFe, with black, ribbons; the gentlemen to wear black coate, and black or plain white, or white and gold, or white and diver etuffwaistcoats, fo'n-trimmed, colored ewords and buckles. And on Mcnday, the 10th of September, the Court to go out of mourning.have forfeited hi3succession in the portion aforesaid, who shall accept any office whatever under Austria, or who shall become connected witb, or contract matri- mony with, any Austrian woman. In that case,-I equally declare that the portion belonging to any of my sons guilty of such an offense be disposed of in thasame manaer as by tho preceding article. "Iforbidmyfondly-beloveddaughters from givingdo*<>••••conversation with Judge Douglas, nor any conversation tion arises—Which will be the most completely Jixed whatever affording the least color or pretext for Buch a by tbe verdict of the people in November the Hon. statement. It was not in my nature to address such . W. Hunt or the great sentiment or principle he has threatening and insulting language to any gentleman.—The first Wide-Awake demonstration in Ulster Besides,Inavenotremovedoneintenof his friends, deseited? Pleaseenlighten. . New- York, Sept. 8, 1860.AN OLD WHIO. • • - . . -—Mrs Col. Wildman of Newstead, has presented a their hand in marriage to an Austrian. They shouldnumber of articlee, formerly the "property of Lord By- •prefer death rather than suoh a deed—the most iniqui-tous and shameful of which an Italian woman could boTJTK' r -_ , 'Bell is entirely dependent, for domestic service, on the ^-Mr. R. B. Taylor, founder of Tlie EllenvilleTo the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.A CORRECTION. CorreBpondence of The N. Y. Tribune.Iron, t© the museum, of the Nottingham Naturalist»' So- guilty." ciety. Among these were the lasts upon which his Lordship's boots and shoes were made; The lasts are'CANADA AS IT, IS*a speech, of which he has the modesty (?). to print a synopsis under the above heading.Eaet ispeculiarly aRomaninthecountybyi>riypoliticalspeakerofanyparty.CacadaoverUpper. Yet, strange tosay, theyhavenever had the Orange influence and vote. This eeeme:lished speech delivered by him to. his canvass for the side but a few small boys. There were not forty Bell-Ev- rally stated, but that it was formed the eame as the highest elective office in the world, that I deem the erett mer, in my opinion, at the meeting. The rest were Lin- other, except being exactly an inch and a half shorter;McDonald, ax d the Postmaster-General, the Hon. Sidney Smith—the former decidedly the tactician of tho present Ministry, and ti e latter has gained a popularity by hie late transatlantic postal arrangements. There areinallsomeeightortenOrange repreeenta- tivee in Parliament, both tho BellviUe and!present case a proper exception." Yours, very respectfully, ' JAMES BDCHANAN.coBi men, Douglas men, and Breckinridge men. The malformation was in the ankle, which was veryAs to the prooession, there was a fifer, two drummers, the weak; consequently, the foot turned outward To President and Mr. Brooks arm in arm; escorted by a large num- remedy this, his Lordship wore a very thin boot, tight-, HAVERSTRAW, Sept. 5, 1860. .Isingular,yet, nevertheless, it is true. Two leading " Mornton McMichael, of Philadelphia, is to sp9ak in force from a Senator of the United States, who is one it. The building will not hold more than 600 people, and it was were made on the 16th day of May, 1807.' He further members of the present Government are Orangemen," To WILLIAM H. SMITH." ~—ThecorrespondenceofTIu>ChicagoPress and berofsmailboys.Bytheway,wehad"OldAdams's"me: lylaced,underhisstocking;InhisearlylifeheworeTribune contains the following, dated Joliet, Illinois, nagerie exhibited in the village here about a week ago, and the an iron, with a joint at the ancle, which passed down Sept. 6 : -•."'.••; : . ' . • • - • ' • general opinion of the populace appeared to be that the " show" the outoide of the leg, and was fastened to the sole of" The Republican meeting here to-day was an excel- bad returned, and Mr. Brooks was old " Grizzly" Adams being the shoe. The calf of that leg was much smaller. It Kingston repreeenUtives beiog of that number,lentone,andhasdonegreatgoodforthe causeof true escortedabouttoshowtheplacewhere "Samsonbithim." Democracy. The grand campaign demOnsliraUon for Seriously, the whole report Is a willful misstatement from be-wastheleftleg. (Signed) - WM. SWIFT. , and yet it- was the Attorney-General West's —A writer in the Pays gives the following account constituency that, first rejected, or rather insulted the of tbe different sorts of wine preferred by famous per- Prince, together with that of Sir Henry Smitheonagee: Frederick the Great, Tokay; Napoleon I., (one representing the Town, the other the Country) —Will County is fixed for Oct. 10. This meeting was a ginning to end. spontaneous gathering of those who desired to hearMr. Clay.' There were 4,000 ^ o p l e present—solid,A N EYEWITNESS.est.,was 'welcomed with a spenta: by calling Henry C. accept ycitr invita'-ion. I cannot hope to add anything truth from the mouth of the Kentucky Apostle of Lib- -r-TheRev. Dr. DowJiDg of this city, arrived from Richelieu, Romance; Marshal de. Richelieu, Mecloc; neneed. There is a little story told, at KingeUm; byCareytothechair,antitude, which told how deeply e commanding presence to the stock of ideas on political affairs common to all,oos • and se|f-ea<7iiicing erfo those atwerty. The number of Will County people present wascertainly six to eight times as many as attended the his tour in Enrope on Saturday last, by the steamshipskim-milk meeting of 'Governor' Allen. It will be City of Manchester.:recollectPd~tbat Allen imported two-thirds of his crowdfrom Chicago, and with that reinforcement, his meet- —Alex. Gabriel Decamps, the eminent French painter,ing was considerably less than half the gathering of died on the. 22d of August. He was hunting in theto-day. • And there was another marked* difference interistics and Of animals. Among the latter are many—The correspondent of The Chicago "Journal gives paintings of spes, one of which—the Monkey Connois- place is Mr. Pindar, who was also a noted chessman in ment) should be so treated at their hands! Both ofhonors. H and waswere appreciated by whose persons and characters I have a respect woichSauterne; Balzac, Gouray; Goethe, Jobannisberg;Byron, Port; Charles V ., Alicante; Francois I., Sher- plied with the conditions of the Order, and that hery, and Henry IV ., Surenne.eons shoot from the mal-ius disinterested, gener- But your wish, ccming from so many gentlemen forRubens, Marsala; Rabelais, old Chablais; Marshal de the Orangemen themselves, to the effect that Sir HenrySaxe, Champagne; Cromwell, Malvoisie; Jean Bart, obtained bis election by having his name proposed at aBeaune; Talleyrand, Cbnteau-Margau; Humboldt, certain Orange Lodge, where he was duly elected, butby any paklic declaration of my individual sentiments.se hands he had klways refused office and entitJesthem to command me, must in this instance beafter securing his election to Parliament, never com-spoke briefly and well as he always does, my law. I had hoped earnestly that I might not ap reach the eafr ofd«d by otoers,|who vainly attempted to*l p ^ . j n peTson"on ^he"fiehTduring the progresVof our<f the great gathering, which was con- pr e 8 € nt State canvaea. The opnions of wiser men stantly swelled by accessions from'the distant wards differ from my desire, and I shall not shrink out offorest of Fohtainbleau, with the Imperial party, when his horse ran, with him and dashed him against a treeshould be made Sir Henry by the Prince while his con- —Mr. Charies H. Stanley, well known for many stituents are rebelling, has at least a peculiar appear- years ae the best chessplayer in the United States, ance and rather significant. That the future sovereign laenVs to wake him up. His • interrogators got the hot tation by his pictures of Oriental scenery and charac- has returned to England and taken up his residence in (and present Viceroy for «he express purpose of confer- end of the poker." Manchester. One of the strongest players in the latter ring knighthood upon their representative in Parlia-the two crowds. The people at Mr. Clay's meetingwere as sober and well-behaved as Allen's were drunk- with such force that he expired in two hours. De-among his ablest efforts. He was interrupted by Doug- camps was born in 1803. He has gained a high repu-here'to day, second only to the great gathering atvictorious. Of the twenty-two games contested, Pin- nery at Quebec, though, for the writer saw him there; ' and,he was especially happy in presenting strong con- dar gained twelve, Stanley five, and three were and, if I mistake not, the University also. Perhaps"Springfield four weeks ago. The1 masses began to—A correspondent has recently visited Ralph Farn- James H. Baker, Senator BiDgham, and Isaac N. Ar-. ham, said to be the sole survivor of the battle of Bunkerlast evening, for this morning's mail, when, under the windows of my hotel I heard a cheering crowd. I looked cut and saw in an open public conveyance a man in a scarlet uniform, whose tawny hair and beard and lion face no man who has once seen them can ever forget. Yes, Garibaldi landed here last night at 12J at midnight, coming no one knows where from, no one knows whither bound. He reviewed a body of Sicilian recruits early in the morning on the plain be-nold; at the second stand by Joseph Knox, T. C. More,' and Dr. "Duston: and at the third by J. F. Farnswoith. A large and beautiful flag was presented to the.Lane delegation of Wide Awakes, they having tbe greatest number.' The Wide-Awakes formed into order in the. evening, and were addressed by Messrs. Clay, Knox, and others."Bill. He resides at Acton, Maine, and was 104 yearsold oh the 7th of July.' The following report of the—Roswell Hart, esq.", of Rochester, N. Y., who was- hear of my going away. However, she suspected some-Douglas ticket, and retorted with admirable force the charge that the Lincoln ticket is a sectional one. He concluded as follows:does not. seem quite jast. The Duke's letter to the"Abraham Lincoln is the only man who can beelected by the people, and therefore who should be.He is honest, he is able, he is conservative. I cannot, in pails. We g<-t to Cambridge, and the next day were as an old Whig and American, support any one else inPrefect.' - --<-M. Majeroni,'the Italian actor who played in Paris With Madame Ristoii, has just died at Turin, at the age of 65'. He -was the son of a Colonel of Eogineers,looking at it from a national standpoint—the only one ' he could assume—his position seems perfectly clear and justifiable. In representing the present Queen, and di- recting the mind of the future King, he has, indeed, a difficult «nd responsible position to fill; one Which re- quires all tbe acknowledged and undoubted firmness of/—The Hon' Thomas Parsons of Rochester, always abe magnanimous and lihe'al to the Roman CatholicDemocrat hitherto, has come outfo/ Lincoln and Hamexcept under circumstances of great provocation."—Ex-Gov. Wickliffe of Kentucky lost hie slave Boh this cloud riees in the West, and, before he knows it, a—Lord Clarendon and Mr. Cobden dined at St. who Is all things to all men, bat jirl'les, who "can only from running Iirto excesses. This is all that is left us, man who has so recklessly trifled with the interests of Sixty years ago I joined the Free-Will Baptists, and . Cloud with Napoleon III. on^Lte 20th of August. -apostle—one of your forcible-' t o w afraid to take in my judgment." the country. Again, I cannot longer act with my late I've been a member of the church ever since." stand up by being propped. Hesides between Douglas and Breekin.ridge, and while —A correspondent of Tkfi Chicago Press ajtd Trib political associates, from the fact that the late Demo- —Tlie Saturday Review of London has a clever ar- professing a halfway Squatter Sovereignty in the une, writes from Quincy, Adams County, Sept. 3, as cratic party in this State have placed upon their Elec- ticle recommending her M-ojesty's ministers to take to.r-The Cafd Durand, on Hae boulevard opposite the- .Chauesee d'Antir, at Paris, long celebrated for its ices, which were prepared by a weU-knovrn Neapolitan.country, ismanjpula'ed at the Custhm Hout,"« and accepts -toral ucket the names of ten gentlemen who will Votefor Bell and Everett, against the so-called Democratic the pulpit during the 'parliamentary vacation., WeBuchanan's instructions in the ri|y. They intend to follows: •artiste, who wears earrings and often nods familiarly' took, to their boats, and were soon beyond the to travelers whom be remembers having seen in Naples, reach* of the police. Doubtless a ring fight hadis now orowdedevery evening with a curiously mixed been arranged, but the prompt action of Capt. Portersmoke him onL however , and compel him to t, 'ke »id m. " Saturday was a great day K* the Republicans ofThai, done, and there will hardly j be a greaee s,">ot left Adams County. The meeting previously announced for electors who will vote against him! Do not myriominee--a novel way to elect a candidate, by voting ;,-ofHenryD.Foster. IfhewerebaileddownJuere tobeheldatMendonwasmuchlargef>moreenthusias- honestDemocraticfriendsthinkso?" .quote a sharpish passage:"The Premier might Intersperse a lecture on theEasternquestionwithhisviewsonoriginal'sin,withspecial reference to the doctrines of Pelagius—a sub- doomed man, who strives to conceal his hal?er." Alas* At noon, at least T*:N THOUSAND people were present —Broome County Republican nominations—Sheriff ject in which Ms famous liomeey speech allowed hiseffectuallycheckedit. Manyoftheroughswhowere of the Neapolitan and other Italian refugees, who,, in thus thwarted in their desnes were frtfrn the Fivewould not bemuch more as it is. jHe goes about hk.'•»a tic and brilliant than the most sanguine dared hope.company. This cafo hasfor years been the rendezvousj 1848; were expelled, from their country m revolution Points and groggeriofi of the Fourth.Ward.JWT Foster |•»Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069OtHZRYZP- Jla the beaatifnJ groye jnjbt south of that thriving vil3 John B, Bowen of .'gaadfordj Treasurer. Nelson j[ proficiency. As. /or his. Grftc^ of Ajrgyll; eyery Bpeecjj :J^- .Untitled Documentin Cincinnati, a few days ago. The Governor was re- turning from Washington, but Bob declined to follow his master into a.Slave State again.etorm is at hand, notwithstanding this reliance. He could not, however, be expected to lend his iuflaence, nor the Prince to countenance an ordsr here hi the Colo- nies, the demonstrations of which he has spent his life in opposing successfully in the mother country. Se- cretpoliticalorganizationscannotbotoostronglycon- demned. Let a Government's policy stand out in- dependent of secret interest?, and it stands upon the only solid' foundation—the honest, outspoken will of~,.f—tt*4M>./uf,.*campaign.' :—The English Court has very gently mourned the and Councillors Pretz and Colle, were injgreat wrathPresidentHeuffler,Procureur-GeneralHemmerle,430 1100 ISifiC 'ICO-dodo. ...*•• *.*f do. •**«.*>do... ••*••.... do.......^«» 1Head or the Ministry, which from present appearances:French interests of the Eastern section, but 8uddenly', 23l«e200200 Beading R R-.-nsAGnUford..200 Silrec Va^ey.....\P m CopporFail*M.Co.IOnlrtU . . . . . . • Franklin.---" I* H aucook.....«Isle RVirsle-. .1MtlMi**©'*-*?-* North C'.ltf... Pltt»borgfc...... Puuiu0.... ...... flocr-i"^*i '<^' U TbiStock^narithe <Umand run Easternroads^—a also on Saturday. RiverandBrie,thpriooe were beu Ifew-tYork Centr account, and socse been kent over to I quite irregular, an,market wis'tsma, downi^centwl Toledo, Illinois Cei demand was a^ti•cloee. Theeftmin^ to be very Iftrge foi The Michigan roax <-lowerl T h e r e wa« whichclosedat47j|xuoving 'mpahnif th eYork. I The marf Bondsl except forgage,jjwlich were r neon fe 66.' The Board|tofnnd[o«rA ..of'the! same ideue,morrow. At the.p the coupons thu-j^f^ cent in, ca?' to draw intent itV ingNoy. 1st, l?t]J has been aesenttu t heen consul'ed, and vantage to the cqin| ening the former latter. State 'stool without especial act were marked dow a but at the Second B• grt'at strength -in-d Y ork. CentrsI, B'w Toltdo, were partic< ^aken with unusual,' iirm np to the hoarc •was still bttter* inquiry for tbe'*La advance on trie qnor; several large lots o -changed hands at tb< jeeble attempts to c but no materiaVin-.p: Short saee have res as a policy it hMleading bear op«rut«pressure, .comee up 1ment. The StateMissouris, 81 j ar8 490J®9l':s'Foc Call•98; for Indiana 5n !York Ge of 1875 H;< and 1861,1004. Th<5e, roT^lOa^lO'Ji;;91i <*9l!j; MissouriPacific Mail, &IP 87687$; Erie fi jtaUxoad, 60ar60.; lem Railroad Pra' 47i; Michigan C*i Southern-, and iNoi Michigan Southern 48J'a>4835 Panama Railroad, 87 0 87 iy 79J; Cleveland ar cago and" Rock LaBurl. and^Q incy 5"a, ?61^97; Cnmh The market for lioavy. ^The dema increasing, from tu•mittersarewel^' poted to wait for 1 - nominally at Wl. cold at 109J. C3?rates are al?odv. In Freight*, to. bags at 13d.. and steamer, 1,000 Ix^bble. Flour at 4A. ; •and a lot of do. 'b Ola?gow-"'with 30The bueinesi? $149,270 40; 1 $127,709 84; BaAnnexed is a.» »enger bueineeB. comparison withthe Bousatonic I ^Freight......Jitn»*ng#M . Tutal»scripts • - Total rwoeipta • Total uicxv'do...., do.... do,,;..., do.... SO do....lose do.... 300 A*.... 50 do....do00# #••»••»•« • do......y www.fultonhistory.com__M 