 both apjfiro- forone of long- ltright, lonest.vm r e - Com- (Ttcefal pd car- It A R«- jason to and poli- will b e:ty and Ithat he "a partyconse- rfinitsly fipb ever to t h enod an resident ssued a ntiff ing rith the-country- ew of oar 8>«b&m»dy have in^ed too ;toSt id couldBlairs sr inter- CliO herjy. •jlican to mbiicaujRepu fa- Mountiblic&ntil 2.3LIQ. he Tid- ThetorsionalWS*'H, [860.tV THEJamea | mortallyT*rrett, fctt of thw Chapul-^fty yearsKirby. 1£12, a n dMr..PENDLETON"preferredt olet theClark, w h o ^•W »Sf while inFoot, w i o in14JO,oax of tbo ampiain, qujdroa,BtnandcdCuyler, ri*ne>d inIV '.O t b «r^eom- dt.pted 'txjili-i : # j t s .ae ina- •e&ier. Vs andlay. by 1 M r . m Yer- wiUAtenew51 Iou*6 l*ouMr. S |>ro-« * » • .aed t h e Will b enly tw oI>E.irtment recent I ought, cgiznent le Adju- »f War.B never 3U»nven- ,viog no Cincia- cipated.;gerated*d by a w i t h t h e avora to gres*.of the5 17« Bi 4 * / 803a«t pay- treasuryed as a ed by a n urged ipon the •tngthe iiiat o r ^taction. LatainedNotwithstanding the fatal railroad disaster in the As- Advices from Texas say that Gov. Houston is or- sembly the other, day, there are many here with rail-•jt!ants have left Vera Cruz. T *" '"""" themovement. Virginiadeclinedtoparticipateinit. Burlesonistocommandtheexpedition.success,whichisreallyrefreshingtobehold. Ithink there cannot be now less than thirty bills before the two Houses for railroads in the City of New- York, several of which have been introduced within a few days. Oneofthebills,the provisions ofwhich*.;./-.•-the opinion that the Governor of South Carolina should assemble the Legislature of that State, to select dele- gates,andofthishewillprobablysoonbeinformed.XXXYITH boNGBESS. PD2ST SESSION.SEN ATE-...WASHINGTON, March 16, 1860. The CHAIR presented a Message from the President, communicating additional documents in reference to thealleged hostilities on the Rio Grande. '- Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.female, and the citywas decorated in many places with flagsandstreamers. Theprocessioncomprised,beside all the strikers of Lynn, several military and fire com- panies with bands of music, and delegations of ladies"New-Y ork."Icanhardlyseewhytheprojectors of thisplan should seek to hide the objects of their bill by such a title, since, as compared with other schemes for cityon Friday, that the subject of changing the place forholding the Democratic Convention to some other cityis still agitated; but as the Cincinnati Convention fixedthe place, and only left the National Committee the inducement to attend faithfully totheir duties. In con- power to fix the time of holding it, it is a question nection with the system of ladders, they also use, as whether the Committee have the power to change the/7<•:'*•burgin1856andlastTuesday,isa fair index ofthe advance of Republicanism all over the State:mation of theSociety,515personshavebeenrescued from burning buildings by their means.When w e think of the awful nature of a fire—itssuddenness, breaking out a t dead of night, awakening.ALLEGED U. S. DEFAULTERthe property of such stage lines, with all their rights,ARRESTED. privileges, and franchises, shall become vested in the —The Washington correspondent of TJie Bostonnecessary repairs will b e done o n her a t the expense* man,who immediately called out to the conductor. ofourGovernment. The Donna Isabel wasbuiltat Assistance was at once obtained, and the conductor Bahia in 1855, and is named after the Emperor's eldest . reached the fire within one minute after the alarm. daughter. She is not what a Yankee would call aNotwithstanding, however, the short space of timethat had elapsed, the fire, which commencei in the ship. The following are her chief dimensions: Extreme***"fc»'^Strack, to Hoboken streetj thence, by/single, NEW-YORE^ LEGBLATDBB. track, through Hoboken- -street to its junction with Canal street, and connecting with the southerly<?*s<«et ia view of being unable to defend our ownfrontiers against Indians and banditti.Mr. Feeaenden made an able argument thi* after-:aDon,showingthedangerouseffectoftheproposed •departore from the settled national policy, and the "hazard o f investiDg t h e President with such vast >a&creeon. Iftheobjectionableclausehadbeen •tricken out, tte treaty would have been ratified.;''• resolution stand as it is. H e took it for granted that the viewsSENATE....ALBANY,March16,1860. trackofsaidrailroadonsaidCanalstreet. Alsoasin-ThebilltorepealtheactcreatingCommissionersof gletrackcommencingatthefunctionofElmandCanal meansofsavinglifeincasesoffire,andwhenhun- thenscaledtheroofoftheadjoininghouse,audat-.-•as Much remark was occasioned by the fact that,-.,.iiMKigh i t 'expired t o day by its own Bmitatitm, this -e feeaty was never called, up till yesterday, and noThe Senate Committee on Cities and Tillages re- come thoroughly,awakened on the subject. The ob- floor. They'then wsntback to their, own roomto p*t with instructions to report the original Assembly bilL ported the Central-Park bill, providing the raising ofLost, by 14 to 18. $2,500,000 to continue and complete that work, this ject of this Society is solely the Preservation of Life; up some clothes, and there is no doubt became over- The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a third morning, withan amendment making it a misdemeanor they pay no regard to property. Their plan is to main- powered by the beated'smoke and flame.explanation was given for the delay.reading, by a vote of 17to 15. • on the part of the Commissioners to adopt and carry Thefinalpassageofthebill was>madethespecial outany*planforbeautifying thePark which shouldtain an organized body of men, provided with public For this energetic action on the part of Wood he fire escapes, stationed in different parts of the city. In received from the Society a gold medal and a. sum of« rBE TACSFIC HAILROAD. The Special Committee of the House -criSc Railroad will meet to-morrow t oorder for to-morrow.EVENING SESSION.require for its completion the expenditure of a greater sum than that now called for. The bill was sent back to the Committee, with instructions to strike out this amendment, and report it forthwith as it came fromcharge of these escapes are men called Conductors, who are thoroughly drilled in the working Of their machines.The fire-escape o n which they place the most reli- ance consists of a series of ladders, so arranged on two wheels as to be easily run to a fire—where the truckmoney, from private citizens upward of £50, a gold medal, and a vote of thanks on vellum.Give us in New-York a few of those fire-escape*; put them in the hands of some of our full-blooded Y aa- kee firemen, instruct them well in their use, and their well-known intrepidity a n d reckless daring will sav% us from ever again witnessing an Elm-street calamity.NEW-JERSEY HEMS..•'Prof. E . L . Youmans has been repeating his lecture!,ontheChemistryoftheSunbeam,inOrange,N.J. with so much success that the citizens of that place have made him a very handsome acknowledgment o f the pleasure which he afforded them.•on the Pa- discuss t h e -various propositions. A s a majority of CongressOn motion of Mr. COLVIN, the concurrent resolu-tion requesting our Representatives in Congress tovote foran appropriation for the improvement of the the Assembly, which was done, and the bill was Hudson River was adopted unanimously.i «knik>t be concentrated o n any single route, the in- ]Mr. GARDINER introduced a bill to incorporate the Gymnasium of the Brooklyn Young Men's Chris- tian Association. v • ':Mr. ROBERTSON introduced a bill to authorize the building of a dock in East Chester Bay.Mr. RICHMOND, reported in favor of extending the time for the completion of the Lebanon Springs Railroad. ,The Assembly,amendments to the bill to protect the propertyintradeandearningsofmarriedwomen were concurred in and finally passed.ordered to a third reading. So, that will soon be through and out of the.way.-ch'nation is to extend equal facilities to one North t and another South, by the donation of lands, and a gradual advance of money for the construction, after the first fifty miles are constructed, secured byRAILROAD TOLLS.!ing result:reading, a n d will no dotibt so pass the Senate. B u t it is hardly to be presumed that the House will concur. THE NEW-YORKTAXLEVY.The House to-day concurred in the Senate amend- ment to the New-YOrk Tax Levy, inserting the item of $190,821 for the Records Commission.HALF-8HIRE TOWNS IN ALLEGHANY.mortgage o n the roads.To the AMOctated Prow.W ASHINGTON,"Mr. David A . Bokee, Ex-Congressman^ from N e w -V "York, this morning was found dead in his room. Prom facta and- circumstances, it is supposed that h e died soddenly yesterday while preparing for bed. H s had previously appeared in bis usual health. An investi-& •agation shewed that his death was the result of apo- plexy. ' *way passengers in place of 2 cents per mile, now Thebillstoauthorize the Richmond CountySuper- charged. Inthis form'thebillwasorderedtoathird;or 8eries of pulleys, on the carriage beneath. T o thisagain can b e attached another light ladder, in a mo- ment's time, thus reaching to a hight of from 60 to 80 feet. Detached from the main ladder is still another one, designed for first floors. Under the whole length of the main ladder is a canvas trough, or bagging, made of stout sail-cloth, which is protected from t h e flamesrThe Senate, in Executive Session to-day, reviewed ots action of yesterday, and placed the Nicaragua treaty in a position for consideration. Three hours to-day were thus consumed. B y unanimous consent, and a t the suggestion of Nicaragua, the Senate struck out the paragraph by which the United States agreed t o u s e all its moral and effective force to prevent hos- tile expeditions destined for the Republic of Nica- ragua. The other parts stricken out yesterday were re- stored. They are in substance, that on the failure ofThe House also passed the bill to establish two half- by a*covering of wire gauze. T h e sail-cloth is also.. -r - ' miww i .» » . o - , < W W^H4J^»tfP/WWiW,i-i.|fcf J»';<JW<i»Tini,i;Mr. HOUSTON (Dem.,; Ala.) presumed it would b e that this condition conferred & virtual protectorate no objection if the resolution were changed into toeos -opentieUnitedStates,whichweoughtnottoac- formofaninquiry.LONDON FIRE ESCAPES. gain the Fire Escape, but scarcely, however, h a * he descended, when the flames shot from the whole «tf Atthistime,whenthepublicareclamorousforsome the front windows ofthe building. The ConductorFriday, March 16,1860.several companies of military were in attendance. Nicaragua to afford protection, the United States may, Stevens and Hazlettwere hung at noon. They ap-For payment for the support ofGovernment. It imposes a tax of Onondagaso fannuitiest ot h efollowingwith the consent and a t the request of the Nicara^uan <jovernment, its Minister at Waeaington, or the legal authorities thereof, employ such forces as may be nec- essary for the purpose, out no other, and in excep- tional cases of xnteriorence, or where there is imminent danger to the lives and property of American citizens, the forces of the United States are authorized to be used without previous consent. T h e treaty was r e - jected by the following vote, two-thirds being neces->£arv to its ratification:YKAS—Memra. Bsytrd, Benjamin, Biglor, Brajpr, Bright, jBrtrw-n. Cbe«nut, Cl»y, Cllngaoan, Crittenden, Davia, Dooglaa, Fitch, Kitzpatrick Oreen, Gwin, Hunter, Iveraon, Johnaon <Ark-) Johaaon (Tenn.), Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Xearce, Powell, Sehaatun, Slidell, Toomha,/iWilson, and Ynlee —31.NAYS—Mraara. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Colla- XD?r, Dixon, Dooiittle, Durkee, Feaaenden, Foot. Foater, Hale. BamUa, Harfia, King, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trnmbnll, Wade, andWiJkinaon—«0.The injunction of secrecy was removed from the pro- ceedings.It is known that both France and England have made similar treaties with Nicaragua, including the employment of land and naval forces, etc, but theyhave net yet been ratified.An informal meeting of t h e Joint Committee o nPrinting for the two Houses of Congress was heldthis morning. Messrs. Fitch, Anthony, Haskin, and h u r l e y were present. They h a d under consideration M r . Guriey'8 bill for a Government Printing-Office. Several amendments were agreed to as additional checks and guards against abuses. It is the opinion of these gentlemen, a s well a s M r . Dimmick, another member of the House Committee, that the remedy for the serious evils of the present system is to be found in a Government Printing-Office. Mr. Gurley sayshe•candemonstrateasavingto the Governmentthereby of over $100,000 per year.The Telegraph Convention is still in session in this city. To-day it was resolved that the several Tele- graph Companies of the North American Telegraph Association a r e recommended t o furnish t h e Smith- sonian Institution the National Observatery, the Super-intendent of the Coast-Survey, and the Associated Press, during the present year, with biief daily meteorological reports from prominent points in each section ox the United States, as a contribution to science/and as a means of demonstrating the great utility of the telegraph in that department of knowl-peared resigned to their fate. Stevens died very hard, while Hazlett died without a struggle. Both. exhibited great firmness and resignation.There were no religious exercises a t the gallows, a s the prisoners persisted in refusing all the kindly offices of the ministry in their last moments. They were both Spiritualists, and had a peucliar religion of their own, which enabled them to meet their fate with cheer- fulness a n d resignation. Both of their bodies have been forwarded to Marcus Spring, South Amboy, N. J .St. RegisFor the redemption o f State Stock, issued t o the N .i*> S T . JLOUIS, Friday, March 16,1860. tary of the Treasury, transmitting the statistics relative ers' House in this city last evening, of consumption.A communication was also received trom the Secre-Stage Association," with authority to lay a railroad taken on the subject. T h e Charleston hotel specula- with a light ax, and such other implements as he may track commencing at the corner of Park row and tors will not( make much out of the California and require, for the purpose of bursting in doors or blinds.to the trade with the British North American Prov- inces.Several petitions were presented, the contents of ^vhich could not be heard in the Reporters' gallery.On motion of Mr. ANTHONY (kep., R. I.) a reso- lution was adopted instructing the Post-Office Com- •nrittee to inquire into the expediency of providing bylaw for the prepayment of letters by the penny post. Mr. LATHAM (Dem., Cal.) introduced a bill toGov. Biesell of Illinois has been seriously ill for several days. He was somewhat better yesterday, and hopes are now entertained of his recovery.The Propeller Jersey Blue.SANDY Hoox, Friday, March 16,1860. The propeller Jersey Blue is still ashore; the tugs Stevens. Mabie and Rescue have been pulling at her forBroadway, and running thence, by single track, to Beekman street; thence to South street; thence to Coenties slip; thence to the center of Front street; thence, in the direction of Front street, to the westerly side of Coenties slip; thence, along the westerly side of Coenties slip, to South street; thence, through South street, to Whitehall street; thence to Broad- way; thence, by double track, along Broadway and Bloomingdale road to Fifty-ninth street, or the south-The bill provides for the running of cars every three out debate. minutes during the day and evening, half hour duringH e w a s a good officer, who faithfully performed t h e duties.On motion of Mr. DA VIS (Dem., Miss.), an amend- ment was adopted that the sales in each year shall not exceed the increased manufacture which m a y result from said sales; and if the whole number to be sold ising were $4,000.mostlysaved. LossM a r k e t s .$15,000;insurancecandidates for the offices of President and Vice-President respect-maintaining their own escapes, subject to the rules of the Society.to the effect that all transfers or detainments of the Police force shall be made by the Board of Police o n written reports of the Committee, and that no transfers or detailments shall be made without such written r e - ports, except by unanimous consent; providing, how-letaihf*r>therequisitions made, they shallbedivided 52,(X0bales, andthereceipts60,000bales,against37,000 fortheto affect the power lodged with the General Superin- tendent of making such transfers or detailments forClay, CHn«ma», Crittenden, D*vi«, Donglaa, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, <*Win, HeAphilL Hunter, Ireraon, Johnaon (renn.), Kennedy, iane, I^b*u>7Maaon. Powell, Bi«>> Sebaatian, Slidell, Thom-aon, Toomba and WlcfalLMr. DOUGLAS (Dem., EL) moved to strike out the second section, changing the mode of superintendence from civil to military.The CHAJR stated that the motion was not in order, as the Senate had already voted on that question.Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.,) moved to strike out the enacting clause. '> .on New-Y ork for Gold unchanged. MONEY MARKRT without change.••'-••Skip" News.LONG BRANCH, March 16, sunset.—No inward bonnd ves- sels in sight- Wind S. E., light; weather clear.HIGHLANDS, March 16, sunset.—One of Cromwell's pro- pellers coming in over tbe Bar. One bark near the Lightship, and oneshipintheOffing. WindlightfromS.E.;weather clear . ,FORT LAFAYETTE, March 16,sunset—One ship and one brig coming up the bay. Wind S., light: weather clear.cel of not more than twenty pounds weight. The as-;....« Steamboatand RR. JL9* •*•••' ,••*'••••s»Dv squad 2$ JnJ* • • • • • > .56 Broadway squad. .25Mr. ANTHONY moved to postpone further consid-eration of the bill, and take up the private calendar. one brig on the Bar, bound in. Wind light from S. E.; weatherThe Brazilian corvette Donna Isabel, which arrived here on the 4th inst., and has been lying off the BatteryAgreed to.A bill was passed for the relief of the AmericanHoari of Ctonmusaioners of Foreign Missions.A bill was passed for the relief of Jeremiah Pender-gast. ' ,'•A l s o , f o r t h e r e l i e f o f A b n e r M e r r i l l .Also, for the relief of Miles Devine.Also, for the relief of Samuel H. Taylor and heirs.SANDY HOOK, March 16, sunset—One ship in the bay, and claar .o'clock in the morning.The fire appears to have been discovered by a police-yesterday for the purpose of being docked. All thel»y law are too large, ao>4 half-pay would be abundant, and more toaa.trfacient; and thatclaiming title in opposition to the deed given by the Auditor-Generaltothepnrchaseroflandsatasalefora railroad commencing at the eastern terminus ofGrand street (near the Grand-street Ferry), runnmg anxious to join the regiment, and get drilled and be- thence,by double track,toitsjunctionwith East comedexterousintheuseofournationalarm—the Broadway; thence through Grand street, by single queen of weapons—to which the allegiance of bravecourageously entered the room. While endeavoring day. We hope they will be treated kindly. She willWhereas, Bythetermaofaresolutionheretoforeadoptedaaapreliminarytotheelectionof aPrinter,tbeHooaereservedtbe delinquent tax*;after itha*beenrecorded,two yean.toturnthelockofthedoorleadingtotheadjoiningleave here about the 7th of the next month for Eu-right to redo** the compurgation at any time; therefore BeieUed,ThattheCommitteeonPrintingbeinatrnotedto reportabillbywbiohthepri«eafor«nnp««ttionnowfixedbylaw be redaced half that amowot. '•'•Mr.WASHBURN(Rep.,Me.)objected,ifthereso- lution would lead to di^cweion.yroom, the fire forced open the door, which fell upon gland.v /' Receipt*ofI»rod«e<». .,of the Chairman were those o f the entire Committee. Mr. W ASHBURN of Maine objected, saymg that unanimousconsentwasnecessaryforiteintroduction. The House went into Committee on the amendmentsto the rules.During the proceedings an ineffectual attempt w a sRecord in New-York was reported favorably. ^. streets, running thence easterly through Canal street dreds of Yankee inventors are racking their brams to tempted, by means of his short ladder, to effect a n e n -Mr.GRANTpresentedaminorityreport against andNewCanalstreettoEast Broadway; thence findsomewayofsatisfyingthedemand,abriefde- tranceatthebackpartofthedwelling,butthefire thebilltoallowmembersofcharitablesocietiesto throughEastBroadway,bysingletrack,toitsjunc- scriptionofthemeansemployedinLondonmaybeof compelledhimtoretreat.Thetwofemaleaervaaismade by Mr. REAGAN (Dem., Texas) to confine the discussioninCommitteeoftheWholeontheStateof waypassengerfare.street. Railroad to be finished within one year, and charter to extend thirty years. vTHE CENTRALPARK." The Royal Society for the Protection of life from Upon beingaroused, they evinced the most thoughtful Fire." I t was organized in 1836, but not until after a consideration by giving the alarm to the three youny greatsacrificeoflifeatafirein1843didthepublicbe- menthatweresleepingjnthefrontroomonthesamethe Union to the subject pending, and he spoke of the abuses of the present practice and the ueeless con- sumption of time, to the discredit of the House.Mr. W A8HBUEN (Me.) regarded such latitude in debate as an essential safety-valve. .Mr. PENDLETON showed how, by the working of the rule, members are almost entirely, precluded from introducing bills and resolutions, while unlimited time is afforded for essays on the negro and all other irrela- tive questions.Mr. BRANCH said this resulted from the abuse of the rules, for gentlemen would depart from legitimatebusiness to go°intp Committee, so great is theirlmxiety to make buncombe speeches.The amendments were acted upon and reported to the House, nearly all of which were concurred in, and several reserved for special votes.Mr. DAWES (Rep., Mass.) gave notice that on Monday he would call u p the contested election case of Williamson against Sickles. Adjourned till Monday.New-Hampshire Election.BOSTON, Friday, March 16,1860. Fulireturns from New-Hampshire show the follow-Mr. McGRAW then;'moved to recommit the bill,38,C09 | Cate, D e m . . . . .Mr. Wentworth, Republican candidate for Senator in the Vlth District, is elected, making 10 out of 12 Senators. The Republican majority in the House is 8§.Finale of tbe Harper's Ferry Affair. EXECUTION O F STEVENS AND HAZLETT.CHARLESTOWN, Va., Friday, March 16,1860. The town wasthronged with' visitors to-day,andGoodwin, RepGoodwin's majority..33,410 4,599NOMINA TION—LEGISLA TIVE Row.—The Governor New-Jersey h a s nominated E . W . Whelpley o f Morris Crunty, at present a Judge of the Supreme Court, to be Chief Justice, to fill the vacancy caused by the appointment of Chief Justice Green as Chan-cellor, who has assumed the duties of that office.A personal conflict took place in the lobby of the House of Representatives on Thursday, between Messrs. Absalom Woodruff, and O. Vanderhoven, botit of Paterson. T h e Millstone a n d Delaware Railroad was under consideration at the time, on a motion made by Mr. Denson of Hunterdon to postpone it indefinite- ly. Mr.D.gaveasareason,thatthelocationofthe route was not properly defined, and that the Delaware River could only be approached by a railway in t w o places. M r . Wood o f Somerset replied, describing some six or seven different points on the Delaware be-They will reach Baltimore in the early morningFrom Baltimore.train.20000 1,000 004,000 0012,00000 8,000 0012,00000 2,500 00commenced operations with six of these escapes, and during that year they attended 116 fires, and saved 13 lives. This experiment showed so conclusively their excellence, that the Society used every exertion to in- crease its usefulness.Being maintained entirely by the voluntary contri-butions of members of the Society;persistent effortwas.usedto addnew namestothelist. "Hermost gra-cious Majesty the Queen" came forward aspatron withthe annual contribution of £ 1010/. H e r example wasfollowed by the Mayor, Dukes, Aldermen, andcivilians,who all became members of the Society, and each gavea certain sumyearly. Nowthe Societynumbersup-ward of 15,000 members, and the contributions to thdfund for the year 1859 amounted to £7,510 9/4. Thedisbursements for the same time were £6,5588/1,of which £3,837 12/ was paid to 69 conductors andhover, in company with Mr. Sharp stood in the lobby near the seats occupied by the members from PawwcMr. Woodruff approached them, and asked Mr. Sharp if he knew anything about the Delaware River a t t h e point alluded to. Mr. Sharp replied that he did not. Then Mr. Woodruff said, "Well I do, and Mr. Wood is uttering falsehoods." M r . V anderhoven said, " X don't think Wood would utter a falsehood, and I think you (Woodruff) would." Mr. W . immediately struck Mr. V. an unexpected and severe blow in the face, knocking him down. Mr. V. got up and struck M r. W . several times, when great confusion ensued, a n d they having clinched, were with difficulty parted, M r . W . s coat being badly rent in the struggle. The Speaker directed the Sergeant-at-Arms to bring the belligerents before the House. When they had been placed at tha bar, each was allowed to make a n explanation, a n * having apologized to the House they were dismissed.COMMISSIONERS OF POLICE,This Board held its usual weekly meeting yesterday afternoon at Police Headquarters, President STILLMAN in the chair, and all the members present.BAL TIMORE, Friday, MarchThe Committee of the. National Democratic Com- mittee are here to-day mquiring as to the capacity of the hotels, the terms for board, Sec, with the view of having an informal meeting of the Democratic Com- mittee at Charleston, and adjourning to this city. They say that Charleston will be neither able to ac- commodate nor to feed tbe many thousands who will congregate there. Our hotel-keepers promise the Com- mittee regular charges, with the well-known hospi-tality of our citizens to open their doors to all who cannot be accommodated a t the hotels. Illinois alone will number one thousand.Hugh Lennox Bond has been appointed Judge of the Criminal Court in place of Judge Stump.Wise l>elegates to Charleston.NORFOLK, Va., Friday, March 16,1860. The Democratic Convention for this District ad- journed last night. J . J . Kindred of Southampton and A. R . Smith o f Portsmouth were appointed delegates to Charleston. Wm. Dillard of Surry and R . F . Dil- lard of Sussex were chosen as alternates. The Con-vention unanimously expressed its preference forHenry A. Wise for the Piesidency. ^Mexican News.- ^7 9 5NEW-ORLEANS, Friday, March 16,1860. Additional Mexican news says that the Juarez Gov- ernment have declared the Havana expedition piraticaLA large amount of specie w a s awaiting shipment to the City of Mexico.—The Cleveland Plaindealer says that the agent deputed to visit Charleston and engage quarters for the Ohio delegation, has returned and made his report. Ahalllargeenough to accommodate the delegations from the whole West, as an aesembly-room has been engaged for $200 per day for ten days—$2,000; board and lodging for the.forty-six Ohio delegates at $5 per day—-$2,300. This maybe considered rather steep,sleep—it is not surprising that they are bereft of con-sciousness and wholly unable tov think or act for them-selves. I n such emergencies their only hope of salva-tiom remains.with those outside. A person insidea burning building cannot be expected to know or doanything. These fire-escapes are early on the ground,are worked by cool-headed, intrepid men, who aredrilled to the service like so many soldiers. It is their preme Court.business, and theyare paidfor doing it. In additionto The MATOR urged the necessity of immediate action-edge.* There was an adjourned meeting of Congress- Three American war vesselswere before Vera Cruz. session.THE CITY RAILROAD SCHEMES.Resolved, ThattheAttorneyoftheBoardbeauthorizedand directed to propose to the Attorney for the several relators i n the said proceedings (above referred t o ) that the several issues s a joined be deferred for trial to one or three discreet, proper, com- petent, and disinterested referees, to be appointed by the Su-16,1860.NEW-YORK DAIL YTRIWOHE,SA TURDA Y , MARCH 1 7 , I860.from Swampsott, Marblehead, Danvers, Saugus, roads, it possesses decided merits, inasmuch as it pro- Reading, Stoneham, Wobura, Beverly, balem, and poses to pay something handsome into the city treas-other places. The weather was delightful, and the proceedings harmonious and gratifying to the spec- tators.• » • " ^ From St. Louis.createaseparatedepartmentfortheinspectionofthe alongtime,Toutwithnoadvantage. Thetugshave•*jboilers and machinery of steam vessels. . each taken a load of cargo from her, and intend land- west corner of the Central Park.ful that it is being introduced into other Europeancities,at the same time that it isbeing extended in the that where the authorities omit to examine witnesses condition-The bill authorizing the sale of the public arms to ing it until the steamer is got off.ered sufficiently valuable to warrant those who have sons charged with crimes, they should be required to oonsentto the examination of witnesses w h o are under detention in the-States, and to regulate the appointment of the Super- intendents of the National Armories was then taken up. > Mr.HUNTER(Dem.,Va.)saidthat strictureshad• Fire.NILES, Mich., Friday, March 16,1860. Afirebrokeoutatmidnight in/Colby&.Co.'sflourthe night, or as much oftener as the public conveniencemay require. The fare on the entire distance is fixedat five cents, andthree cents between Fourteenth—A subscriber a t East Galena, 111., desires us to pub- lish a resolution passed at a meeting of the Republicans of that township held on the 11th, to wit:money in expending a portion of it to save their fel- lows from the flames. The result is so perfectly satis- factorythatthepublicwouldnotdowithoutitonanyHouse of Detention; that no witnesses be detained in the Housa of Detention over three months, unless upon report of a Sergeant of tbe House, through the Captain of the Precinct and General Superintendent,asthis Board shall otherwisedirect. Laidoa the table.;(!"Nrw-OxiXAXH, March 16.—COTTON quiet; sales to-day 6.000I>etween the States applying prorata? asthearms sametimelastyear. Theexportsoftheweek sumup72,000 spective stations and delivered as called for, free ofEJECTMENTSUIT8 INMICHIGAN.When the road shall be completed, the Association is required to pay into the City Treasury two mills on each passenger conveyed in their cars, and one mill for each passenger conveyed in their omnibuses.his cell,as was also Judge Amy, who is present as his next of kin. Efforts are, however, being made this morning to procure for Mr. Hyatt such privileges at least as are allowed to* the worst of cnminahi, but which have been so far refused to him."Correapondence o f The N. Y. Tribune.brought down the canvas in safety. He then raised his upper ladder, and rescued three more, who were preparing to get on to the window-sill for the purpose of jumping to the street, at the risk of breaking their1 Padre, 2 Surgeons, 1 Paymaster, 5 Lieutenants,22Midshipmen, 23 marines, and 185 seamen—241 all teld.The Donna Isabel has a very fine set of officers, allOwosso, Mich., March 13, 1860. Thsre was a very important law passed in 1858 byThere is another bill in the Assembly, introduced by Mr. Fisher, I believe, to establish a Hoboken and Wil-vote by proxy. < ( .AFTERNOON SESSION.An amendment to the Railroad Toll bill was adopted, allowing the Central Road to charge 2^ cents per miletion with Grand street, connecting' said single trackwith the southerly track of said railroad on Grand service. There is in that city an association known as that were lost slept in the third floor back'rO|>uk.visors to settle the claims against the county by the Quarantine burnings, and to incorporte the Corn E x - change Warehousing Company, were ordered to a third reading.The bills relative to laying out streets in the upper part of the City of New-York, and diminishing the e x - pense of publication of the State canvass, were reported favorably.The bill relative to the Commissioners of Emigration and Marine Hospital was taken up, and,' after debate; referred to the Joint Committee of Commerce and Navigation and Finance.The enacting clause was stricken out of the bill to incorporate the American Museum. Adjourned.ASSEMBL Y .Mr. FLAGLER introduced a bill to provide meansone mill and one-eighth mill for general purposes. Cayugas........4 Also, a bill to provide means to pay the interest on Sonecasdebt created under section 3, article 7, of the Con- stitution, for the Enlargement and Completion of the Canals. I t imposes a tax of one mill and three- eighths of a mill. The first of these bills is thrown into the House without any idea that it will pass in its present shape—the financial policy of the Conimittee of Ways and Means being still all unsettled and de- pending upon the fate of the several measures for ob- taining money out of Railroad Corporations for the ne- cessities of Government and for extending aid to the Susquehanna road.Amongthe bills reported favorably were the follow- ing: To Protect Boarding-house Keepers; to Prevent Unlicensed Attornies from Practicing in any of the Courts.A minority of the Select Committee reported against the Repeal of the Law Creating State Assessors.AFTERNOON SESSION.Mr. MASTERSON noticed a bill to prevent the use of steam on the Hudson River Railroad below Fifty- ninth street, New-York, and to provide for the running of small cars.Treasury .'Mr. PALMER noticed a bill to regulate the tariff for For expenses of lands bid in for the State b y themilk on the Harlem Railroad. company liable for lost cans.Commissioners and other miscellaneous expenses.It also makes the Mr. CALLICOT introduced a bill to authorizethe'PAYABLEFBOMTHEBANKPUNB.For interest on State Stock, issued on account of the For the redemption o f bills.Bangs County Supervisors to build an addition to the For contingent expenses. County Lunatic Asylum.Several bills were mcved forward, among them the Brooklyn Public Park bill, and the bill to provide for the payment of tile interest on certain canal drafts, which were ordered to a third reading.The remainder of the session was consumed in the considerationofclaimbills.From Our Own Correspondent.ALBANY , Friday, March 16,1860.HASTY LEGISLATION.As we approach the CIOBO of the session, legiElative business is growing lively and bills are rushed through without having their merits or demerits impertinently scanned, but the fate of most of those bills which a r e generally regarded a s ">big things" is yet to be de- cided, and so in regard to the Revenue measures of theassistants. The Society have now 70 fire-escapes, sta- For redemption of stock due 1st of February, 1861... 100,047 35 tioned in as many different fire-districts, and more willbe introduced as soon as the funds will warrant. Dur-POLITICAL.ing the year 1859, these escapes attended 482 different—THE VOTE OF NEWBURGH.—The vote of New- fires, and 60lives were saved by them. Since the for- relative to the speedy settlement of the claims of themen from Mississippi, Alabama, a n d South Caro-lixta, to-night, i n connection with a proposition•tor a Southern Convention, to be held inJune. South Carolina, it will be recollected, initiated ganizing an expedition against the Indians. Capt. road schemes, who still have an apparent faith in theirthe last-named Sate can be secured. Although no for- were more than double that number. Several hundred facetiously entitled " An act to to facilitate the carry time. ductors to display their daring and activity, as well as therefore moved to lay the resolution unon the tableThe Preble arrived on the 1st inst.: All non-combat-and Mississippi and Alabama approved it, and arrangedfor the appointment of delegates; but' the South Care-j&aa. Legislature adjourned without a n y such action.Itisunderstoodthattheobjectofthemeeting wastoagree upon some plan by which an attendance from cestion to-day, numbering over 6,000. The spectators have not been published to any considerable extent, i hot weather, hotel billsaud the Union, all at the same This serves as a special inducement for the con- engagement he could not iemain with the Board, andt *T h e IiTnn Strikers, &c.yellow-fever, pestilence and famine a t Charleston, h e would recommend, a s a sanitary measure, the Ttomina- tiori of. Douglas en the first ballot. That would savethe past year the Society rewarded, either b y money . plan with a view to the final adjudication of these vexa-, BOSTON, Friday, March 16,1860. Thestrikersof Lynn madeagreatturnout inpro-or medals, forty-five different persons, among whom wereconductors,policemen,andcivilians.tious suits, tMr. BAILET thought the. matter should be settled, anddesiredtodiscussthesubject,buthaving aspecialmal proposition was adopted, the majority mcline to banners were borne by the strikers, both male and " ing of passengers, parcels, and letters in the City o— The Herald's Washington correspondent wrote to make them ambitious to be early at a fire. On auntil the next meeting. Carried.Peter Daley of the 16th Ward, formerly of the ol*police, was restored. " < ThetreeignationB of James Hurley of the 2d Ward, and Thomas Huggins of the 6th, were received andaccepted.D. D. Horrigan was promoted to the rank of Ser-geant.Mr. STRANAHAN offered a resolution to the effect thatpatrolmen reported sick from unnecessary exposure or imprudent habits, shall n o t receive p a y during such sickness; thatpatrolmen sick in the ordinary discharge of duty shall receive half pay; and that patrolmen sick from unusual and necessary exposure in the discharge of their duty, o r by reason of injuries so received, shall receive full pay. Adopted.The resignation of Captain Coulter of the 22d Pre- cinct was accepted.The Committee on Laws and Ordinances, of which Mr. Ulshoeffer is Chairman, presented a brief report relative to the House of Detention, and recommended the adoption of the following resolution:RetoUed, That when the alleged felons are let out o n bail the. witnesses ought to be discharged on their own recognizance* •The Senate to-day amended the House bill to toll therailroadssoassubstantiallytoadoptMr.Sessions'sbill., formsafirm,substantialfooting fortheladders. The which permits the railroads to commute for tolls by the main ladder reaches from 30 to 35 feet high, and c a nthe payment each of a specific sum for the next be instantly applied to, most second-floor windows.three years, viz: the Central, $500,000; New-York .Another ladder is attached about midway of t h e main and Erie $140,000;fand other roads about $50,000, mak-ing a total of a little less than $800,000. • Also permit- one, folding nicely inside of it, which can be instanta- tingtheCentraltoCharge2£centspermilefareon neouslythrowntoanupperstorybymeansofarope,:shire towns in Alleghany County—Belmont and Ange- lica, adjoining towns, the public buildings of which are only six miles apart.The following items in the General Appropriation bill were not included in my letter yesterday:. PAYABLE FROM T&B OBNBKAI. FBKD PSBT SINKING 9VKD. For interest on $6,346,959 50 of the General Fundrendered fire-proof by being soaked I n a solution of alum.Having arrived at the scene of the fire, the main ladder is thrown up against the building, is mounted by the Conductor, who goes up from one to five stories, as he may desire. Entering t h e burning building by the window, the Conductor conveys to the ladder such persons as.he m a y find inside, places them in the can- vass trough, and they slide in safety to the street. These machines have been in use since the formationDebt, ohargable to the Sinking Fund Debt$347,24441 Indian2,430002,300 00 * 500 00 2,13169Y. and Erie it. R. Co , due in 1860 and 1861 1,000,000 0» P A Y ABLE FROM THE COMMON SCHOOL FT7ND.Society, perfection afterFor Dividends to the Common Schools, including the Salaries of the County School CommissionersFor ExpensesorLands bidin forthe Statebythe Commissioners and other miscellaneous Expenses. For refunding money paid into the Treasury for theRedemption o f Lands sold for arrears.For the State Superintendent of Public Instruction for the support o f Indian Schools, per Chapter 71,Lawsl856.....For the Instruction o f Common School T eachers i nthe Academies designated by the Regentsof the (jniv wsity•••-*••••)•••••'•••*•••»»T•••••••••••••••• ••For Teachers' Institutes in the several Counties PAYABLE PROM THE LITERATURE PUNB.For dividendstoAcademies...............For the purchase of text books, etc., for Academies..tween Prallsville a n d Milford, where the road couldPAYABLE PROM THE INCOME OP THE TJ. 8. DEPOSIT FUND.For dividends to common schools.For dividends to Academies...For amount to b e added t o t h e capital o f commonschool.fund... ,For the support o f the .State Normal SchoolFor refunding moneys erroneously paid into the165,000 00 28,000 0025,000 00 12,000 00500 00 200 007,50000 20 00 300 00In 1856 the vote wasFremont. Fillmore. 659 676Buchanan. 609 "Last Tuesday it was. •Republican. 1,007: This shows a steady advance.Democratic startled men, women, and children from profound; .i:•li•111 ?M -i ."vrilury as a condition of the grant asked at the hands ofthe Legislature. The bill proposes to incorporateMessrs. Clinton Gilbertflate of the firm of Stokes, Gil-bert&Co.),BeniaminF.Wheelwright (Presidentof menarrivedhereto-dayandtenderedtheCommittee whichpersonscanreachthegroundinsafety. Anfirm of Swift, Hurlbut & Co.), and their associates,John Hartnett, Secretary of Utah, died at the Plant- under the name of " T h e New-York Railway and their Convention; but no official action has yet been Park a short time since. Each conductor is providedstreet and Park Row. The Association is required, onbeen made the other day on the Superintendent at store, destroying it and several adjoining buildings, oc- all days of the week excepting Sunday, to carry inor Reiolved, That the Hon. Wm. H . Seward of New-York^and consideration; in fact, some few of the fire districts The Committee on Rules and Regulations presentedHarper's Ferry which did injustice to that gentleman. cupied by various dealers. The contents of the build- upon certain of their cars conveniently constructedthe Hon. Abraham Lincoln of Illinois, are our first choice as have assumed the entire expense of purchasing and a lengthy report, to which was appended a resolutionletter-boxes, appropriately numbered, where the pub- lic may deposit letters for delivery a t the-several sta- tions hereinafter provided for; and one such car, con- spicuously labeled, shall leave either teiminus of the route as often as every hour between 8 a. m. and sun-ively, i•PERSONAL.town depots of t h e Hudson River, New-Haven, and —The Auburn papers come to us dressed in mourning Harlem Railroads, at the times appointed for the ar- for the death of William Beach. His loss is indeed arival of their several express and through trains, to convey passengers to the line of their road, at a charge of three cents for each passenger.the scene, was informed that there were several per- sons inside. He immediately placed his escape, and, entering the attic, searched every room, found tw o persons on the first floor, likewise two in the passage, all of whom were safely brought out. T h e conductor then made his way to the back parlor, where he found a man 70 years of age, whom he also brought out, and landed in safety in the street. But two weeks later aO* **•••••••••Association. The omnibuses, when so purchased, Traveller, in his last letter, alludes as follows to the * Last night Captain Dowling and officer Jourdan of shall be entirely withdrawn from that part of Broad- case of Mr. Hyatt:way traversed by the cars of the Association, but may be continued on the other portions of their routes at 3 cents fare.t h e S i x t h W a r d a p p r e h e n d e d a m a n g i v i n g -his n a m e a sS. C. Boyington, whom it is alleged is a defaulter tothe United States Government to the amount of $300,COO. Theparticularsrelativeto thedefalcation have thesestagelines,andforcarryingnackagesata^charge Hyatt wasthenconductedtojail,andplacedincloseProvision is also made for carrying letters free on found voting with Sumner, Wade, and Wilson. M r.-1 Also, for the relief of Thomas Madam... . Ako, a bill authorizing the institution of a suit against the United States to test the title to certain lots in Hos-i <pitalSquareinSanFrancisco. TheDillforthereliefofThomasCrownwasdis-•enssed, and tabled.On motion of Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.), at 3 o'clockthe Senate went into Executive Session to complete the onfittished business of yesterday. Adjourned.HOUSE O F REPRESENTATIVES.Mr. PENDLETON (Dem.,Ohio) offered a preamblethat—Whtrem, The Chairman ot tbe Committee on rublic Printing this: That "no suit of ejectment or other suit for re- John R. Hajward, John Murphy, Stephen Bogart, pikemon. The 2d regiment, Phenix brigade, is com- ladder, said, " Wood, save the poor servants." open to receive visitors after coming out of dock. Aty.'•tstedonthUfloorthattheprice*toreompoaitionnowallowed coveryorpossession"shallbebroughtbyanyperson StatesBell,andMosesCorney,withpowertoconstruct mandedbyCol.Oliver Byrne. "Those whoare TheConductorregainedthethirdfloorfront,and herMidshipmenaregoingonavisittoWestPointtoralready been published. , '"<'not exceeding ten cents each. The road is to be com- custody; and though suffering from the combined ef- menced within four months after the passage of this fects ot lUnees and the nervous excitement consequent uponhisposition,wasdebarredthevisitsofhisfriends.taken complete possession of the staircase and lowerHer armament consists of 18 30-pounders, and twooccasion requires, a long bag, distinct from the ladders, place. It is understood that some Richmond gentle- reaching from the upper stories to the street, throughthe Greenwich Bank), and Henry A. Hurlbut (of the. the use of the large African church in which to hold escape Bimilar to this latter was exhibited here in theOregon delegations, as they have made arrangements to take with them tents and camp equipage, furnished them by the War Department, for the purpose, and will take to a field and enjoy themselvesin real border life style. '. —The Illinois House of Assembly has disposed of a billforrestoringthedeathpenaltyquitesummarily,He also carries a rope to let himself down with in case an accident should occur to the ladder, or to use in any- other emergency.This whole London system of.a paid company ofmen to work public fire-escapes has proved so.success--of theb u tmany alterations a n d improvements.have only155,000 00 Their cost isfrom $250 to $300. In 1843the Society approach the river. During his remarks Mr. Vander-membersofthe old force. .The preamble sets forth that:Whereat, Alargenumberofpersonswho,priortothe15thof April, 1857, were members of the police force of this city, and who now claim to be members of the police force of the Hetro- prolitan District, have instituted proot edings i n the Supreme Couit against tbe Board o f Police Commissioners, t o compel i t to recognize their claims as policemen; and vherecuin. said pro- ceedings the Boaid has made return to the several writs o f mandamus issued at the suit of the various relator*, and on cer- tain issues a fact has been joined, which issues or fact are now ready in the Supreme Court ;< and whereat, the Board is desirous of expediting, the decision o f said issues, and o f avoiding unnec- essary expense and litigation, thereforein the premises, as the cases were on the docket at the but it is the necessary result of forcing a large crowd the salaries paid them;, the Society substantially reward Court for Monday next. He was anxious to have the>toquarteruponasmalltown. Grayaddsthattosave suchpersonsasareinstrumentalinsaving"fife;During mattersettledatonce,andhadprojposedtheabovenumber of occasions large purses have also been made up and given to the conductors for their bravery by the people of the neighborhood, so that they have everysby laying it on the table by a large majority and with- city where it originated. Human life is there consid- charged i that as a condition of the postnonemnnt of trial of per-• •bales, at lOJ'SHlc. for Middling. The salea of the week add up set. And such letters "shall be conveyed to their re- —Mrs. Francis D . Gage of Missouri, formerly of action on the part of Conductors, that the Society have ever, that nothing in this resolution shall be construedOhio, might claim the nomination of President, under> , Mx. SIMMONS (Rep., R . I.) moved to strike out the porta, ":22,5C0 bales. Stock 518,500 bales. STJOAK advanced j c ; mile of each other, where letters may b e deposited for unruly boys," whose aggregate hight would form a and heavy sums of money to persons living in other exceed ten days. Upon a further resolution, the mem-furnished by the United States are now distributed. balea, and the total exports te date 1,488,COO bales. Receipts at charge. Tnese stations are to be established'at eitherthis port ahead of last year 417,500 bales; do. at all Southern terminus of their route, and intermediately within a the authority of Mr. Beecher, "having brought up six England. Last year they gave a number of medals any period he may deem expedient, such timenot toJirst section of the bill, which provides for the distri- butionofthearms.Not carried—20to 28.YEAS—Mewrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Colla- sn»r, Dixon. Dooiittle, Durkoe, Feaaenden, Foote, Foater, Ortrnea, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, W il-/,%\d)l\^. for fair to fullj fair. MOLASSBH firm at 34£a>37c. COF-bers of the force were apportioned as follows:Prec't Patrolmen. Prec't Patrolmen Preo't Patrolmen. 1.. 36 12 52 22 . . . . . . . . . . 5 9 2.. 4213 3823 48CINCINNATI, March 16.—FLOUK very dull, at $ 5 50 for Super- fine. Mss8 JPOHX in fair demand at $16 Wd)Yl 63. BACON NAYS—Mmmm. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Brown, firm, at 7i'@9$c. BTJI.K MKAT* held at 6i'®8ic'. SIQUT DKAFTS3.. 4., 5..The report provided that 67men should be trans- ferred to the Wards in which their respective families resided. The Board then adjourned.ikinaan, Wilaon. ' _At midnight on the 31st of January, a fire occurred sociation are required to provide vehicles at the up- erages. Mrs. Gage isalsothe mother of two daughters. in a rope warehouse. The conductor, on his arrival at50 26.yxxfarm;salesoftheweek12,000bagsatlH'®13Ac. Importsof deliveryatanyotherletterstationonsaidroute. Let- columnthirty-sixfeethighinhonoroftheirmother, citiesandtownsfor.savinghumanlifeatfires.Asanthe week43,000bags. Stock32,500bags,againstf1,000lastyear. ters not called forwithinthirtydaysoftheirreceipt,who will all vote the Republican ticket in 1860, with but one exception, and he has not yet attained his majority. Not one of them smokes or chews tobacco, or stimulates the inner man with intoxicating bev-instance of the daring of some of these fearless London life-preservers, we will mention two exploits of Sam- uel Wood, Fire-Escape Conductor No. 11:CoTToy FK»IOHT8 to Liverpool $d. STKKLIXG EXCHANGB 107 ^2> 1085, and with bills of lading 107® 107 j. 'Sight Exchange on New York ¥d>\ ty centprom.axe to be sent to the New-York Post-Office.Another section provides for the conveyance of par- cels to be received and delivered along the line of the route at a charge not exceeding ten cents for any par-..50 14 57 15•••••••••«ou 16 ..-..60 1743 24...46 25.......42 61 Court squad. .33public one to that city. The Advertiser thus closes a feeling tribute to his worth: " Some of our number, many, indeed, have gone down on the railroad to meet the mortal remains on their way up from Albany; b u t they departed Bilentiy and almost without concert. W e shall all be at the station this afternoon, to receive the>".'.43 £X>•••••• Office..... a ..MlThe bill further provides that all Omnibus lines, anypart of whose route lies along Broadway betweenPark row and Fifty-ninth street, may sell all theproperty of such lines to this Association; and whenthe parties cannot agree as to price,,the property shallbe appraised by disinterested appraisers, and the Asso- lifeless body, but as yet no one has had self-command fire occurred in the large store of a tea-dealer at 4 ever since her arrival, was towed up to the Navy-Yard ciation shall add 10 per cent to such appraisal, then enough to attempt to order or arrange the funeral."" M r . Mason's resolutions were passed by a vote of 44 to 10; and, singulars it may appear, Toombs wasclipper; nevertheless, she is a fine, strong, comfortable, first-floorbackroom,had,whenthe(conductorarrived, lengthoverall,180feet; beam,48feet;-tunnage,950.partofthehouse. Uponascendingtothesecondfloor, 12>poundboathowitzers,allcastinBrazil. Hercrew act,andfinishedwithintwelvemonths thereafter. LastnightJudgeConwaywasrefusedadmittanceto theconductorfoundthreemen,allofwhomwere areasfollows:Capt.BentideCarvalho,conimanding;fpeaking Preach and Spanish, beside their••.native) the Legislature of Michigan. The substance of it is liamsburgh Railroad Company, which incorporates —The Irishmen in this city are organizing corps of necks. One youth, while being brought down the tongue, and one or two, speak English. She will be*Theh\wtookeffectMardh26,1858.Thetwoyearstrack,toElmstreet; thencethroughElmtoheartsandstoutarmswasfreelyrenderedbyouran-him;tothis,Wood'sescapemaybeattributed,inas- willexpireMarch26,1860.Consequently,allwho Canah.thence,bydouble track,through Canalhold by original title ought to proceedJnmwdiately if to Hoboken street; thence, by single track, cestors of '98, will call at No, 6 Centre street and have much as it sheltered him from the flames* With great-theirland2occupiedbyolaimanteunderatax title.through Ca#al to West street; thence,by sitheirnames,earoUeuoatheregimentalbooks.'v rdifficulty,hemanagedtocrawltothey/indowandw.••Untitled DocumentThe system of rewarding individual cases of daring and intrepidity has proved such a stimulant to energeticresolved to encourage it wherever it is to be found inreachedtheirpresentfjiofMayor WOOD offered a longpreamble and resolutionally,accordingtolaw,suchwitnessesshouldbelikewisedis-....60 18...... 10i.".*."."i..'."....".4i2ii................56jG«neral Office.....Com,1,(80pap. PrortoteJu,«W4* I*****«d>WW*y<..........?i...25• Muimaam&mThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com8S5SH! 