 ASS&W1 es:oCferty.and democracy. , . . . , H , _ •will spar©you the details. Proyrdenctf jartveFSprogho were Sefior Ooiaconm,, Col. Jose Orppe^ and the. vFButthe-great'mawesof the m r a l dietnots havo about. WO m»»jor'»ty} , Newport aHout400| Wai? Jvwky well-known fierier L&'Llave, one of the G e n e r a l a . ^ '>8drt'and her Majesty, to test his knowledge.; .All the'••<:*..io r«,^v i0>.^j##rotPfcunder t be 'Ameriftftn flag, MC»pV Fitzroy then bad ifo» ;4>W»I«-«I»*oontend that tke significance of .the Connecticut election is thafhe should be nominated a t Charles- ton, as the only hope of rescuing the party from nupending.ruin. Thatsortoflogicwillproduce little enVct south o f the 'Potomac, where his p o t e n c y a s a? c a n d i d a t e ' w i l l b e d i s p u t e d b y t h e v e r y fact which is claimed as arreason in-his favor.The National Democratic Committee, >waich is to meet «n Thursday night, will not venture to traus-millions of oysters. A conflict, irrepressible and whieb I took. ••• - /.,,, • .- -: •'•/•. : ;ception to tbe.rule, it seems; he has ju*t carefully re- cf-^^ar-The Falcon had not returned to Whydah up to the:fT •••-<' • •;i"'i•-' •tuWAstid!fe$Q#.open andtbe papers taken tnerefrom After th-ir ex- amination, C»pt. Vjnceut, with oi« Supercargo, Mr, p . N. Bonneaa. were again placed on board tbe Jehossee and confined in her OAbln, an-armedguard being placed overtnem. ' •r.'»-**.>~^..from tbe cabin conrinted of differedt kinds of liquors. Bttcba Queen and such, a Court, and that umJer her The free use of tbem soon rendered tbe prize crew•1KB a ^ ^ f i C T J C T J TWASHINGTON, April 3,3,<KO vr•w,oco r,(m Hi5C00M: 2,«0 M3,ofo»a• SuCfO ! 1.0f0N.originated. The statistics of this business, as. car- U-T the Convention from 'Charleston to any. other i ried on here, are really more curious than those ofKtwOrlcam,March27,1860.POLITICAL.•«:—place^iwtwithstanding^ the. groans of the predes-CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. TheChamberofCommerceheldaregularmeeting.•it •1treaty"; whether -the ,Provincial Government o f cooled and assorted for sale. Every tooth passes Canada has not, through ita^ -legislature, vioJated through ten, processes before i t i s considered per- the spirit of that treaty; what bas' been the prac- fect. . About $300 per week are paid out here for tical effect of the third clause of the treaty uponeaehufcette, act as it seems to you best in this case! Fitch! From Benton io Greeiil From Calhoun to , ' F, B.'SaNBORN. Ch*snut! This JB degeneracy for you, with a. ven-twhich establishment was recently burned out, has . purchased Tlie Republican, and P. P . Bailey retires.StateDcpartrrxiiit. Ithn>ilncooccurredtomeHuttherespect••:% • »o enjincr.ilj doe to the Cbamoer requires taat I ahoakt ad4ren • . f. .wagesby a tingle firm, muchof,which goesto the interests of the respectivecountries, and wheQxer female employees. Much capital is invested in the. Mr* Sanborn also gives the foliawing additional par- 'ticn)arB:^' -,-.v-i•J-f-:.':'.:.-&i-mc<;'mi•£•:>.':'geance!"1 '}•'• •'>'••' '••>'-\ ::\ • ••:•• ;'•>..• '•:" . ' . —ThefollowingdelegatestotheChicagoConventionhave been cboeen in VeradoLt: :yon a'Jew remarks is ao»«'tr. !."*.« -War ia a dreadful calamity, ihocking to humanity, and ought to bo avoided by tkll honorable meu>*; but, while mankiod con-•Mi**«^f>M^r<t>v..wwrt^)>v,HeW»^•^«W.^s»M«l^iKi*«»>*i<«. 4^fe:»3i»Uw»v^.»^4»MM<>v.|«l|!&£*•;'•'-."X,.-•m Vf ri—?, K«J'A TrmjWptwn^m^'.^^tiV^-Til <•> v. $?$?£>•*n **** "*^*t<JOlenduring, is therefore continually going on between he carcases of the quadruped and the tooth of theAt thttt momenta gray-haired, tall, ands.tout man €n:c*ed tbe open door and said,'.**.tarrestyou, Mr.3d of February, but her consort, the Medusa had visited that port twice, remaining but a few hours.„•; " ••.*••. : ,~:•»*Thje Pittsburgh rebellion is beginning to .assumecheated by the unfriendly legislation of Canada the character of the whisky insurrection of the last any warranty or seen any signatures, or been told.theheels, and kicked him with tremendous force directly chant vessels a perfect immntiity from blockade in any port, Mviolative of the whole spirit -of the treaty. Mr. century. The people refuse outright to pay theirV- . > - : • •broker?, and traders in slave*, cotton,, sugar, and Federal officeholders, ^here. ... They have been a ttheir warrant, in tne street, by the light of a lanternj wbile I stood handcuffed and halt clothed intheir hands..Thismosthavebeen'fifteenmiautes a'terline rebable for a Democratic majority." —ThomasW.Dawson,editorofT/icLouisville (Ky.tempted to drown him, and it was only by main fore thatbesubduedherandbroughtherup;thechildra were all dead. She is confined in j*il, and willnjMorgan, Capt. French, hhepird Gaady, E. B. King, MosesP.Ooell,andGeoOpd?ke. * £': Meters. D. Duer, 8. B. Ruggles, Opdyke, Blun%, ,drygoods,cooperatingwiththetimidityand*ppreswords'pointsforajearpast. ButVandykebeingmarketsfortheirvariousWaresinthegiganticPro-abroadattended,withagreatlocalcrowdsButStevery capita), New-York City, and in the slave- things sold low, as the masses have no money toboJding States, would naturally be shaken to the spare for such investments. The crash of this con-center by threats of the annihilation of their busi- cern U the sequel to the recent attempt tJ raisetowns, especially in the Western half of the State, Henry, and make no doubt of electing him. His are mere appendages of New-York City. New- resolute maintenance of the right of free speechTTit Boston Journal eays: .be obtameo and Mr. Sanborn .released in a legal way glad to sell out at tbe first opportunity, that we might a time for seeing th6 country *s June or AuguBt W e one, and moved Uat the letter be referred to the Com-ness interests and connections, such as have beenfulminated throughout the campaign. It is well The Democrats have nominated Mr. John Rob- understood that the numerous large manufacturing bing, jr., for Mayor. We have renominated Mayorservea bis movements. Another was on the point of at Tucson, to consider the policy of forming a Pro- Prince of W^lc* to visit their Province. A similar mo-: -<--«*,.eierj», a n d capitalists a r e their » candidates whole term. •It may be a hard fight, but we" shall Sue office? New-York City influences, i n reelect him. ,', r a word, diffuse themselves through them aod cover The IVew-Jersey Delegates, to Charleston may them like a; garment. These influences are gross, be set down as out and out for Buchanan, as ready material, sensual and devDisb. They are a com- to carry out his pointings there as they have beeupound of blind, narrow-minded conservatism, o f and still are at home. Such a crowd of old partysnbbbrsro, of Uriah Deepism, of a pretentious, soul- hacks has seldom been seen.Jess, swelling, money anstocjacy. Not one spatk The Legislature are ordering us new public build-• f generous sentiment, not a glimmer of lofty con- ings, to be put up on Independence squire on Chestnut street, but not to interfere with Independ- vietion, not a suggestion that favors the hope of ence HalL Our Councils have not the nerve to dobettering the coiidirion o f humanity ever pene- this thing, and hence the Legislature are drivingTHE MEXICANAFFAIR.trated the dense and leaden spoero of those influ- ence*. .Spreading out from their center, throwing their cancerous roots into the surrounding popula- rion«, they infect them with a virus that would.be fatal but for the counteracting forces arising di- rectly from the soil whence springs American De-r mocracy. The cities are the sores, the countrythem'into it. Beside this, they have a t length given us a Free Banking law, modeled a/ter yours.Mexican steamer,, and retaioiug for the other the name Of Marques de ia Habana, uptu she were nationalized as Mexican, which was to take place only after reich ihg tbe coast of Mexico, and provided shebad approved herself in good condition during the voyage.The undersigned, according to instructions from his Government, was bound to and on the 6th of March arrived at the port of Anton Lizardo, which is a port of the. Ropublic of Mexico, and there anchored his stenmers.On the night of the same day, at the hour of half pafit 11, he was approached by) three vessels, two steamers and a tbree-maeted ship, to wit: tbe steamer Wave, which the undersigned knew to be in the serv-cans are sure of 118 votes, and the two 8tate8 named give 34, which would bring the Eleotoral column up to 152j tao magical number. Other men might suc- ceed in these States, but Judge Read would do so without an if or an and. He would, too, run as well as any other man who can be named in Indiana and Illinois, now that Gov. Biesellis gone;*'—Hempstead has elected the entire Republican ticket.PERSONAL."the healthy parts of our political system. The infloecees of wealth, of gain, of a purse-proud aris- 8'a»e. The greatest excitement has attended thelarge sums by the issue of post-dated checks.were made to attack the officials. One man raised hts fiat to strike, but was restmined by a citizen who dbpaper to represent them." .);,-• •-,- .;"''.'. —Tlie time for holding the Convention of Delegatespalace of tbe Catholic Archbishop of Quebec. Mother Church will drive a baid bargain, we are afraid. The Nova-Scotia Legislature have resolved to invite the3fe,?'*9.-u»s.&'adverse'to the.doe. Htbt»y vary so frequently and area^yet ibcbmplete I' mfc vessel, and clearly engaged Htbeexped^ionj^ eUbjected ton severe^^ ,que«rtionmgnism. I t was natural, then, that in a city where peated,L VWe have a warrant," »aid some one—^forhipped.at.this,por*, was still on board••bad teeth were in almost everybddy's mouth, theread it," said I. A small man, calling himtJeif Free- with any offense or delinquency Whatever.. ..jmanufacture «of an artificial substitute should havePUBLICMEETINGS..'.'J:'• •,,'man (afterward), for none would give thiir names, began to read a paper, bat had*got only tarough a few Hoes, when tbe gr*y-ha"ied ruffian took a piir'of4he shambles. Fifty years ago no porcelain teetb handenft'a from his.pocket and proceededto put them tinedvictims.Althoughthe-Southcomplainsas•weremadeinthiscountry,buttwentyyearsago'onmywrists,Istandinginnayownhouse,withoutamuch as the Portia, hi regard to the extortions, tho the production had risen to 250,00t annually, prin- bat or boots, only in slippersbl cloth.Committee dare-not take the responsioility of «uch cipally manufactured here. About' this time great A whistle was given; some men rushed in, none ofAdmiral of tbe Mexican Navy.: :"/,">York capital animates them; liew-York mer- when the young sawbones and bullies attempted tochants reside in them; New-York Jews do their throttle Curti«'8 lecture, has made a profound im- of the officerSj and one of them was the Postmaster, dential specula-ions.: ", : ' , ' -../,*.pression in his favor. In all. other respects he bae and another.Jin offieer of the Custom-House." note shaving; New-York brokers, and finan- been a good officer, giving us a quiet city during his—Tlie Boston Traveller has the following Presi- • "MXoan stock has improved considerably for aweek past, corresponding wi'h the' improvement of Hnnter stock on the other eide. The Juflge would make a very ftood candidate for tbe Opposition; but we believe that the man who woald do the best for them is Judge Read of Pennsylvania. If he shouldbeTHE RHODE ISLANDSpeeiai Di*pa»ch to The Kew-Y ork Times.ELECTION.The brig Jehossee, Capt. Vmoent, of and from thiapoit, on a legitimate tradmg voyage to the Coast ofAfrica, has been overhauled and forcibly taken pos-session of by a Britieb war veeselj and her ohlcerB andcrew' treated with gross indignity and brutality bytheir captors. The particulars are given below, andPROVIDENCE, Wednesday, April 4, 1860. Beyond a doubt, the continued Democratic andConservative Republican ticket is successful in this1Mournsficomthe towns,s so: far as'hewi'froaij btit,'»*'- amdrjgthe persons pn)mm8ot.-l.on^boOT.oC-tbe-i^wfe&^v ment, he waatent for twies,„and'SwJ^^oSm^mm.^y^i^j^m^m^ .box brought on board the PatWn, and forcibly brokenmmm-.'-.EMSCTTON—THE hitherto stood the immovable bulwarks of genmne Cianston, North Providence, Warren, 8citaate; Johns- Bon Benito Joarez> , ^ . -••-.,f.-; .., ;••' . '••["beads of the departmeiite abOu* her Majesty: were pioos;was born a mid, many prav era. ij The piou« members c>fthe household assembled themselves together and con-tinued praying for tbe Queen until the child was born, .indicating a tborongbsearch, and an exteos1 voappro- when they gave God thanks. He thanked God for pri&tion of tbeir effect**. A portion Of the articles etoleu m^ ;Turner, of the Saratoga, witbont the, bast cdldrot, like Connecticut, *wth the concentrated force o f kintqn; and Bristol have given nominal; majorities for rii>ht. nretehse orextsuse upon vessels and men belong? rOn tbeir retarn they found their-: private.8tore« and. clothes had bten taken ont of the caMn, everythingrepttblicaniraa ibrendnout our entire history, and ^ h t f v e Wm&Skte believe^ that they « i w f continue toxoid thw«p08ition. If a, State situatedtown, and South Kingston, give roaemgrnaJDhties for Spre'gne.-.,' .;•. ••" ~ / "'.l\~"''-:\ •'"' '•••'•'/ lippfttt ftnitiifield, Cumberland, We?terly, Fall Hirer, Hop--f For all which, and m view of the claim for redress and satisfaction which his Government^ miy have, to; n'r«e on secount of the outrage committed by C^-pt.'p«ople. Every cbtl^tbat wasiborn'in"thl^K^al'Jra«BlljrPsdeHiord. The Sprague majority la^ the State* willthese nmbgn infl«ences brought to bear aganut her not beIfar from> 1,500. * } t f v^ J ; -: :jng tothe Mexican Kepnblie, in the waters pf. Me^icio.,in -Connect e«t 4um by no means voters, under the -most. favorable circumstances, ' Arcollatioh is under w a y at-the'.City HoteL • Otte tmd'wifbin cannon shot from the coast, the undersigned &•*w«-M*f tbe ejpeet3.tio*i« of 1&* Santa Democracy. with the tradiogand manufactuuugand all indue- hundred guns are beiog fired. A serenade "'will'' be hereby publicly, and in the most solemn manner, pro-God was prospering Britain as He had never prospered it before. ;—Mr. William Cogg esball, f>2 years of age, died verysuddenly in Fall Riv*r on Tuesday morning. the Cashier of the Fall River Union Bank. .unfit for duty, and the officer in charge of the Jehossee bad to beg tbe assistance of Capt. Vincent and Mr. Bonneau m navigating the vessel during tbe night.At dnylight the Falcon was bailed, and a fresh, crew sent on board, ttfe others having been returned to her in astute unfit for duty. Both vessels then sailed for Wl-yd»b, at which port they arrived on the 14th Janu-T*y Mfr«*9ttttauc**. on.th*por^voto,1 MP *** •*« crippled by.improvident legislation giventotoeGovernor e'ect assoon as the cbllauon and financial revubion, cannot be driven from her is over. Sprague's friends epthaeiasticdlly call this vad Legislature, and even went so far, as to du- moorings by such tempests as have blown m the n truly oDnservative-victoi-y; the Democrats allow theHib«te.Use honOTs of a victory, which wai confi- late election, where shall we find one that can? eame. *'";. '".''"""'• ":•."•'•''?t}i**zj* dently predicted here and elsewhere. Tney: have The rcault. in Connecticut is thus viewed bere -,;.y,. '„ [mmm• iFirst.- Againathis having been approached steaUih- ily, and >n the night, while at anchor in one of the •ports of the Kepnblie to wbieb he belongs, by the Saratoga, a war veBsel of the -CJnited-.States, command--•u,t<ociaComi • 5 Amed by Captain Turnei, of tbe United States JNavy,. in jutdiaeoveKd,thewisdomofnotcountingchi^k-withgreatsatisfactiona*ahighstarting-pointfor ^REJ^ST OFMR.SANBORN, /: concertwiththesteamerWave,avetselintheservicethe Presidential campaign..j. g. y.of the Vera Cruz Governoaent »nd with the Indiauol*, The following account of his arrest is from Mrv San- a merchant steamer, knows to be in the interest of ami•Oft* mm:Vweretentonboard,andtheFJcon eat'edfrom Vfhr* '%S - y'i^«M before 3>emg na&bi£' The 'tens of thou- sands oT:dollars wlrch were subscribed in New- York, to conquer the-pirjudic»?» of manufactured rotors,,h*ve.provedanuoprofi'ableinvestment, andourvenerable Pre»iJent mourna over theex- penditure of /money a t the election wfcisa has tsrrned ou^a©WoTtonately. This method of open- Sag the Presidential ban JaJ>adly relished by theanother .diredion. Jdfe. >Do<iglaa and. his friends be added thousands of tuns of poultry and fish, with' m& »,aper for you," said he> handing me a folded one,jr., was on Monday drugged/and robbed of nearlyA day or two after their arrival at the latter por£ Capt Fitzroy, of the Falcon, evidently feeling tha* he bad committed an illegal and unjnstifiable ac, offered19 fOPs^.70:99so.50 •25«n400 M139IWIJ SCOSOZrHa«W,0Co Ml 20.CC0 10.C0l.tCO Et T5«N. ST. 100100100 300 100 K0*3£ileThe irregnb Central X *Uppce«buyinif ing wi feared seller*, yetstiti wardn afterno second turred.ate salf was bi 105|. '. .:> of scm< the othi O.uajteiyesterd reports, them , bas de burintf place o for tie'compai Centra Light,thegroi acti\ity tunnag coal ht ba-v?b: the adv abar<8_WeeterCIOfilEgunder td25*. prreea \shows At tbe the rmimprovMail w /.regulai Thustl" 107, w: bntinet this af stock o•Centra werei wasw;FROMPHILADELPHIA.l under directions of tbe same Government, without Coyoonn, Mass., April 8; 1860-41fp.m.^ csnee, and against bis having, while Mexico is at peaceTBE FUGITIVE ASD HIS JUDGE— BEEF AKBtionofthelawsofnations. • . . . , . .Second: 5Cbe undersigned protests against his h&viog be found that some ruirlins had torn off the roof fromKa»-••'.'V:TEETH— ALLEGHENYBONDS KEXTMAYOR—-THELATEMESSAGE.Fxom Our Own Conotpondent.the door, when a Bmall man entered and said,'", Dpas are rather mclfeed to turn their patriotic efforts in nually slaughtered in this city for the consumption Mr; Sanborn live here 7" ft That "is:myname, Sir,"; of its inhabitants exceeds 600,000; To these may said I, putting ont my hand IOwelcome; nipr. ,,f Herewrote full de«ails < f the affair to the commander of the American squadron on the African coast, w&iohhe dispatched to different points, and at the date of theDemocratic expectants. They tomk the-Yankee* tax* perverse, and wholly urreslamttaWe, and hepcePMILADELPHTA, April 2,1860. The number of beeves, cows, bogs, and-sheep an-bornhimself:v, ,:'-: '••'•v^: ""•'°"y:~wx::>.y-/r:.:+•$2,000. The thief escaped. ."--*'-T«theCitizen*ofMattaihuteta:.."•.:.••'>:.;•?••.;• withtbeUnitedStates,beenfiredat,inflagrantviola-vI have to inform yoa thatacowardly assaultwas committed on me this evening at about 9£"o'oloc-k> in—Mr.TurnerattendedarevivalmeetinginSouthtoreturntheJeboeseetoCapt.Vincent,batthisthe Ch-etk,N.C, oneeveningrecently. Retorninghome, latterretmed m6*t positively. Hiscrew, however,'•-••' -••".-vPOWN —OUR myotcnhouse,byfourorfivepersonselairnu)gtdn*ves ;dab. PrevioustobersailingCapt V.enteredrnspro-'-'••^...been i-educed to captivity with his officers and crew, hia house, knocked down his chimney, and broken upauthoritytoatrest.me.Thef*ctsarethese:,; '7, andbroughttothisporiofNew-Orleans,tue n&der-bisfurniture.Thepaperwhichnarratesthefactsverydeliberateoutrageupontb«Americanflag.Healso.'..il • - -i'1 came in from a call about 9 o'clock, and was sit- ; signed being kept during the whole passage in strictting, in my slippers/ at my desky when a knocking: :: justly callsthis f a provoking outrage."calkd me to the door. I went down staiw^opened confinement. . •.::• •..;••• ', .. ;• •.';:'••.-;' • —One would suppose.that a man apparently in in-' Third,.' T h e undersigned protests._ against t h e cap- ture of thesteamers under hisorders,andagainst their translation to this port. ... ••'.;•.Fourth: The undersigned protests against toe slauc;h- terthvtwasmadeofhiamen,when firing hadceased on board of the Mexican steamer, and when resistance was no longer offered on her part.human biped; and seeing that many of the former Sanborn.", "By w-hat authoiity,'' said I,,'" and.wh.at • Fifth.- The uidersigred protests against the.out- iayourname?" Hegavenoname,butsaid,"Tarn araaVpusmanner.inwhichheandhismenweretaken roust be old and tough, no wonder that the latter from the U. S. MarshaVe office," or something of that to the jail of ihis city, as common felons, without cause break down by thousands in this life-long antago- eort. "Wbat is your authority—your warrant?" re- or warrant, and against their having been detiuied.ih i t t o t h i s d a y , t h o u g h n o c o m p l a i n t a s y e t h a s b e e n e n - by this time two more men appeared. "ShO'V i t - tered, in court, of elsewhere, chargmg any of themminent peril of his life would feel little dieposition to letters from which we glean the above facts, Feb.3, engage in literary labor. Caesms M. Clay is an ex- was oaily expecting the arrival of^aa American vessel* na stepas bas been suggested by various economic improvements were made in the manner of adjust- them known to me, and carried me by force tb the Washington when Sena or:.Wigfall of Texas made his patriots. It would be good cauae for dissolving the ing them.to the mouth, as well as in their appear- street, where ttood Hcarriage with two horses. ..They' first great speech, and describes the sceneasfollows:tlmon-,'andthatisanobjecttowhichtheSaehems ance. Thenamberofpatentsonteethandsettings lifted.mefromtheground,andtriedtoputmeinthe«f Tammany, and the unterrifieil generally, are. carriage. I res'iBtod *i'h my feet, for my bands were •'It was quite;evident that; the Senator had. beendevoting their best energies in these tempestuous is very large. The cost, moreover, has been stead- fast m the manac es. They tried two ortUree times imbibingtoo freely on oldrye. In plain EnarHsh, the times. A writer i n Tht States this evening pro- ily declining, until i t i s now so low that ane can , witbout success, breaking the carriage, bun the horses 'Senator was drunlf, which made him, as be expressed tests that neither South. Carolina nor Charleston afford to have duplicate sets. This cheapness and started, and they could net get me in- la the mean it, '"in a happy humor for apeakiog.' He kept theShould be held accountable for the high tariff to be improved adaptability have increased the consump- time, my cries and those of mj sisr>.r, bad called my Senate and galleries in a roar of laoghter for some tion a8t<>nishingly, there being now over 3,000,000 /neighbors from their homes, who furrounded the ruf- three honrs, till the inspiration of his potation&subsidecJ, imposedduringthesittingoftheConvention. Itis fiansandpresentedtbemf-omcaxrjiogmeoff.. whentbeSenator driedup. ThechivalrousSoutbrononlytJ#;'*hot*l8andtheirbackers." Kodoubtof ofartificialteethproducedinthiscountryyearly, , IsiocdiintheBtreetinmyslipperahalfanhour, feltistobebisdutytosay'thbthewouldberecreantit. <5OY. Manning told the* Cincinnati Convention the great bulk'being still made here, where several .wearng the handcuHs, un il. I>eputy-Sheriff Moore to duty if b e were not to eay th*t ha did not believein 18$6 that if Charleston was selected for the next firms have grown wealthy at the business. The took mo by force from the ruffians' hands under a writ that a Black Republican coold ever be inauguratedmeeting there would be a-wekoine worthy of the materials wmch-compose them are all fooud in this of habeas corjinp, iesued by Judge Hoar. Their'.-names,.' Prefiident. Now,' said he, 'cut your leaahea: turnbvspitajtty of South Carolina. Well may the dele- country, except the platinum rivets. They are given after a long time and reluctantly, were.Sias loose ydurterrieTfl, aud.tako in your rat-killers; and ifgate^^ifho are expected to pay $10 a day for a cot made" in metal molds, where they are consolidated Cailton, — Coolidgfl> — Tarleion, aud — Freeman. We donqt go into Boston, into winter quarters, beforeThis is the kind of bravado and arunaen gapoonadetbatiereda few days ago, cailiag<npon the.President to itself, then gummed with an oxide of gold, then President Breckinridge, for my arreat, with an iu- is heard now, where once the eloquence of- Clay and •him as far as Louisville, where he was stopped. H a i&ciootrut tl»« able and interesting report aod reaoiatijoa o tcomrnunieateall.theinformation-inhispossessiondriedandburnedin-amuftle,whoretheyremaindorb'ementlromMcNau*,Serjeantat-ArmsoftieWebsterand'BentonandUalhounandWright tbeChamb«rotCommeicooi'NewYoik,inlavorof"theper- Ciiiitd SJ^ee Senate, authonaiuir Sdas Carlton to lefidunded. From Clay to Wmfall! How great the calls his name C. J. Smith, and hails from Henderson. fect lzriniuutts" (from capture) of all priv»to osojnny opon tho relative to the practical working-of the fieoiprooity several hours exposed to an intense heat, then seize mo. How ne dia it I.have said. People of Sfas- stride! . Prcm Wright to Bigler I From Webster to —J. W . Dawson of The Fort Wayne Times, ocean in time of war, wa* duly received and referred to thoa corner, inquire, is this the, entertainment to under a powerful pressure, then dried, then baked m a eorner, inquire, is this•which" we were mvited ?The resolution which Mr. .Ely of Rochester of-washed with an enamel more -fusible than ihe tooththe Btr*et,fcYeeoafcurean me a.warrant signed hyVice-in Pittsburgh, but, on one pretense and another, tookT o P . PXRIT, esq —KyDexr Sir: Your fa»or of tho 6th lnrt-,Ihtre were two or three others, whose names I have you ever get intoTexas, yon iriiay thoot me.' He hadnot. learned ,\. .< nis grog'oh-the desk before him, and drank and talkediDto biscuit, then tr romed of all rough, edges, then Fif.etn minutes after I was handcuffed, standing iu 8s Extra B'lly Sm'th did his eg^r nogg. '.'* * * * delphia, on pretense of takipg him to learn gardening"jEarlier it the evening one of thesemen bad visited it could not be amended or -rescindjd with;ad- business, the above establishment producing 9,000 my bouse, and, liuding the door unlocked, had gone in,—AtKnoxville,Ulinois,mioutegunswerefiredouttii.ut,intheirpresentotate,ltwillsometimesbeinevluble.It of respect for the memory of Gov. Bissell. A prema- with the MLBII but R&1ant n»val force of thi« countrr, we 4b0tU4 be driven ibto a war with a nation potweoing a nary fur axonvantage .to American interests, will probably be answered by fending in* the report of Mr, Hatch, whojfvas appointed by the Treasury Department, to moke .the necessary investigations. Mr. Cobb Isnowovaminingthe information which"he collected,At large,';tb*- Hon E. Nl Briggs of Brandon, the ture discharge killed two men, Messrs. Morrow and numerous and powerful than oux own, we should then'be iu a different shapes and styles o f teeth, requiring and being m6t oy the servant, toJd' her that he haiiau-: Hon. PeterjT. Washburn of Woodstock, the Hon. E. Palmer. '"£ • oomparatively helpless condition without tbe aid of Prfv&<««rB.'the amount of $2,400 per month, and producing was something abont a si cation. I was out at .the$18,000 worth.of molds, and using up platinum to important paper for me, and as she understood him, it . J). Mason of Richmond, and the Hon E. C. Redding-7,000 teeth daily, or near 1,000,000 per annum,time, and was told of it when I returned."How long the roffians had been looking aboutton of St. Johnsbury. [; In the 1st District, John W.; Bekidea. Pxi«a-e«rs may be strictly guarded from aboae* by\hot- will •doubiJ«s8 -he dwindined to recommendabrogation. As tbe President had no connection room i n people's mouths for this.immense pile of hero some hours, probably watching my footsteps,, ia •?'—That precious paper, The Southern Confederacy, the right eye. Preparatory to tbe act, she took, her lar nivy. /.1with the negotiatim .of the treaty, nnd complainednfGov.Marcyfor refusing to transfer ittohim wheiibe went to England, he may possibly be w*ul- mglogo further than his Secretany if the .latter should not insist too. emphatically. Tins treaty has operated to our serious disadvantage and especially to these cities in the-State of New-Yojrk which were originallytempted intoits^supportbyassurances of increased prosperity. I t is not to be disguised tent we were-outwitted in the bargain, beside beingteeth,itmaywellbesupposedthatthedentists whichhonorableemploymenttheywereaided,asIaaa hasthefol'owingunkindcutatthe"..'Cjnstitutionalmustbekeptvery-busy. Itisevonso,andwehave quite an army of them scattered through the city.infant child to a neighbor's, and sent away the other children,togetherwithherfatherandservantgirl,on; ;" I at.first offered no resistance, bet when tbe band- cuffs were put on 1 refueedto go—^not having beardstanding where the brandy usually stood. Mr. Hew- —The editor of T'Ae Chautauqua Democrat was in ard lived only about two hours.yeeterday at 1 p.m., President PELETIAJB PJERITiathe chair. The following gentlemen were elected 5 . .• I • ;-il'e ocesn were combined with a proposition to asoure to mer- nameB of tbe officers, ortbe nature of my offense,' so —A doleful paragraph is the following ftom^The in the breaat, breaking every rib in bis body. The lad then the subject would be well wort ay of s«iiou« consideration. iffar as I .can recollect. When they dragged meinto Cleveland Plaindealer: fell backward, and expired a!m< at instantly. Some 2<U£!&resolutionJias placed the subject before the Corporation debts. Under thejpressure of this dis- the open air, without allowing me to put on my boots, " OUR CHARTEK EJECTION.—^The Republicans and time elapsed before the accident became known, andYouisrfspeetfully, JAMES B(JCIia.c<AN. >\House in such .a> manner that it may be discussed graceful state of things the .various bonds have overcoat, or hat. I called * Murder !' and resisted with Negroes carried the city yesterday by about 600 ma-witb- some prospect o f enlightenment, i f a fetv sunk to a low figure, some of them selling in large my feet, as well as I could with' four stout men hold- jority, being a gain of some 150 over last year's vote firet by his father, who entered the stable, and dis- merce, reported in favor of memorializing tbe Legts- ,r.hours can be spared from President making and de- lots .as 4ow as 10 for the 100. One of the curious ing me. Tney dragged me to the carriage, which hjul for Mayor. If Stephen A. Douglas had heenin the covered the dead body of hia son lying on the floor.lature to BOamend the Charter of tho Chamber as t o ?! render the decisions of the Committee on Arbitration final. The memorial recommended was adopted.OnmotionofMr.O.W.ELTJ^T,itwaavoted to a practical question of much importance.!L THE OGSffECnCCT ELECTION.CorrwpoB&noc «f The N. Y . •Vrfbuae.W.\srn.sGTON, April 4>-i89fcincidents.of this, ant*tax rebellion is the fact that been brought, up Oy a fifth or e^xib confederate, and field:as the nominee of the Democratic National Con- —Tlie Atlantic (Ga) Locomotive of March.30, reCaptain Schenley, an Englishman residing in En- attempted to put me in. I broke the side of tne cir vention, Obe Democrats woedd have carried this cityCnd;whoisthelargestownerofhouses,lots'and ria^'ewithmy.fee*,andmyaiefcerseizujgoneofthe byfrom500to800majority. Butasitwas,theDem- latesthefollowing,underthecaptionof"adevilisd in Pittsburgh, has given $500 in aid of the re- ruffians, tbey dropped me on my feet again. ocrats,were unorganized. They had no heart to or- deed of a negro woman'':' "Again they tried to put me in, but my Bister ganize. So long as the South are insisting upon a , ! pudiation fund. N«w, what course would.tais man whipped the horses, who started, and foiled thembe likely to take if his numerous tenants were to 8#ain. They were fctill struggling with me and her— Slave Code, and tbe Administration ia supporting an on y.fsterdav, »hat a negro woman belonging to James bor an fixed by the Law of li&Z.repudiate their rents ? Jive men against a mananda woaaaa—when the neigh- organ here t;> bullv Democrats into the support of that Lankford oi that place, becodaing tired of life, ttrrew John Cdchrane's codification o f tbe Revenue:["'.odious doctrine, Democrats will have no courage to three of her children into a weJl, said to be 65 feet i JL&wsnow before tbe House of Representatives at The ousting o f Mr. Vandyke- as District-At- bors came running to my aid. The ruffians still at- organize. Should tbe Charleston Convention slaughter depth, and then jnmped in hereeli. Curtis Lankford Waebington, "wa^ referred to the followiog gentle- It was feared that the money of the New-York torney, by Mr. Buchanan, is merely the result of a tempted to kidn??jp me, but they soon found thoy were Douglas and ignore Popu'ar Sovei-eignty, there wilt weit down after them, and found her still livmg, an men ae a ppecinl Committee: M.OWH H. GrioneU. A.long and bitter wrangle between the, army o f overpowered, then, aud not till then, did they read not bo a School District north of Mason and Dixon' not perionsW injar»>d; when he reached her she at- A. Low, Charles H. Marshall, Hn^h MilhkenrE. E.The Connecticut elec ion is regarded here as sat- isfactory, notwithstanding the diminished majority.tension and telfishne** of the numerous Binall man- a devoted friend of Mr. Buchanan made no dif- my, first seizure. Further particulars I will give here^nficturinginterestsdi&sedthroughoav.thepr;n;i-ference.Jtratherfacilitatedhisbeingdismissed.alter." •.'> Democrat,haspublishedhisvaledictory,stating,indoobtbehungasamurderess.,Sheassignedasarea-andNye,wereapp>mtedaCommitteetoreportupo* .&lfbp*l towns, would prove an overmatch for the rural They do any that he holds in his hand some .ugly «fetricts of the State. That thfy did not is a source secrets as to how this State was carried in 1856.effect, that after issuing that paper for more than two son for tbe rash and inhuman act, that she wished to tbe subject of State Tunnage Duties, and to prepare % ' . It IBsaid that, since the agitation following tbe John years as a moderate Donglaa man, he can no longer do die, and did not wish any of ber children to Burvive remonstrance agaiost tbeir adoption, especially by a billthe pri have r The be is more TheE were. Cantor 141; PRailroj lem Bgan 6^teed,S Centrt Railro'«5f^2 64; HI Inf< quietsFrei bales€d.;'libags, Cbeeee at tXM. Biceat bbls. RThe'^63 ;M( (250 34• • T h o <•eago BFreight.Midi*. IT^ Couec• *Thistl,1^9 Theweek<«Mai 8646€ $S 146TteHavenof great encourigftoent. No State offers such afield for the tactics of the reactionists of our day asConnecticut. lislargertownsandvillages,thescats of trade and mechanic arts, finding the chiefMr. Covode should have him brought on the stand. There was ktst week a sale by the Sheriff of the entirestockofoneoftheheaviestmanufactoriesof silver-plated ware and general" articles of, tyxury,. comprising some 1,300 lots. Many buyers fromBrown invasion, Mr. Sanborn has been expecting some movement of this sort. Tne feeltag seems to have beenverystrongag»inEtthe,Marshalandhiamen,on account of the manner in which he made the arrest.BO "for conscience sake." He proposes to start astraight out Republican paper in Clay county, andher." now introduceu' into the JLfgitilature, empowering 4 private Company to levy due* on all vessels paaaing—;The Toronto Daily Globe says, concerning the through Hell Gate.hurling a stone at,the.officers, but was arrested in tbe attempt. The citizens generally, without distiacdon of party, united in sympathizing with Mr. Sanborn. But three men were found who defended the coursevisional Government for the Territory of Arizona, has been fixed for the first Monday in April. - ••',.,,..'.'.tion was msie io tl eNew-Biuoswick Hons» of Assem bly bnt it was negatived on the score of expense—20 to 18. Next day the legislators discovered,ttieir errorand tbe rote was expunged, but only by a divifiionof —On Tuesday evening, Dr. Howe lectured at Mon-treal. .The Herald gays':,." W e can afture our i€ader6 that nothing could bemore gratifying and interesting than the porformmces of the evening, of wh-cb, aa will be ueen by tbe adver- tisement, tl?ey may—as, we trust, all whocan wiU— have an opportunity of themselves judging to-morrow evening. Dr. Bowe'e object in viaitiog Canada ia sole-ly to create, if poeeible, an interest among us for the pbiliantbropnic objeot to wbscb be baa, with eo much Zealand Bucceee, devoted himself. In Toronto and Kingston bis benevolent endeavors have been warmly appreciated, and uurely they ought not to be less so in Montreal."CAPTURE OF THE BRIG JEHOSSEE.THE PROTEST OF COM. MARIN.Be it known, that on the 27th of February last, the nominated, and Mr. Douglas should not be nominated, undersigned left.the City of. Havana, with two steam- the elect on virtually would be decided in May. He isers, which he bad purchased from merchants of that the only man of whom it can be positively asserted thatplace by ordt x and for account of the Supreme Govern he wonld be sure to get the voted of Pennsylvania andment of Mexico, having given to one of them the name Now-Jtrfey; and, witbtne votes of those States, sdc-of Gen. Miramon, after abe had been.nationalized as a cess could certainly be counted upon, as the Republi-are derived from letters received here by the friends of tocracyhavewhollydominatedintheone,whiletheelection,andeverydevicewhichpartytaciicscouldiceofDonBenitoJuarez,thePresidentofVeraCruz, —TieSpiritofTheTimesisjustlyenhusia«ticthoseonboard.Tt>eJehoeseewasownedbyHughE.andwoodenfloors,andwoodenstai-s.Theymightdemocratic sentiment has always flourished in the 'suggest bas been employed by both parties to Becurevthe steamer Indianola, a merchant vessel, known also over the famous hoTses of Mr. Robert Bonner. " H et>sbeingintheinterestandattheserviceofsaidDm hasstcedB,"saysTheSpirit, "wbicbPhaetonmight Benito Juarez, and what turned out afterward to beVincent, ejq., of this city, is of 226 tuns burden, and juot as well have a wo rden filling, and save $IM1W wasibfirstrateorder,andwellsuppliedwithstores. NoLocalBoardthatnnderstoodhowdamptheseo^ier."'-• , .*Itisworthy 0fremarkthatthe oldWhigparty always used to beat in the cities an I big towns; but U*> rural districts, the country towns, always turned up DemoeraUc, and were always too much fotftbem. Wemay«eeparallelresultsnow.Since ^ D e m o c r a t i c party tumed pro-Slavery and anti-" ^ ? ) C r a t ! 5 ' l t « 6U*w'mg the fo t«tep« o f the Wto* party. 1 he peonle of the country have de- serted its banners, and &e cities and large towns,where mercenary_ associations prevail, are found in ^ supjjort This « one of ihe strongest evidences <Wtbe Permanent ^eehne of die Deniocratic partytheirtnceess.The open purchase of votes has been a remarkablefeature of the day. The voters, when led up to the ballet-box,wouldwithoneband droptheticket,and with the other receive the bribe. The negro vote rated high, tome colored brethren receiving S£50 each. Individuals cf comparative wealth declined, to vote unlesspaidtodoto. Voterspubliclyputthemselves up for purchase. Bids would commence at $10, andinn up to $50.tGreat good-humor and merriment prevailed all day.The excitement was intense. Bands of music, ban- ners, decorated wagons, and hired conveyances of every description, paraded the streets from early morn- ing till now.The announcement of Padelford's unsuccesfifnl at- tempt to bribe the Town Clerk of Cranston undoubt- edly lost him a large vote. The action of the Demo- crats ai>d Conservatives has been united; that of theShe was foimerly known as the bark Como, and sailedbetweenthisportand.Bostonasaregularpacket. Shewas valued at $6,000. Her cargo consisted of 55,229feet P . P . lumber, 5,000 shingles, 100 bbla. rum, 411 port of the Committee, and tbe Board adjourned. whole and 4 half tierces of rice, 50 bble. flour, 1 2~m toe *-ee States.*for thfollow] IThe TieJTh« if ros easilyFiret- at 5| Jobb«'&xte&%r r our r a t i o s we are at lasted launches'of the Government of Vera Cruz, as he bad supposed, but a frigate, which, it struck him, might ne the United States, though she had no flag at her mast, any more than the Wave and Indianola; and at once he ordered his men to" cease firing, as his Government, not being at war with the United States, tad instructed him Bednlously to avoid all complica- tionswith,thatnation. Batthefirefromtheattacking.She was captured otf Adaffa. West Coast of Africa, tbe evideuce thould be etoeed, or a report made np°*2l,Utb*Jbutoa*kn*Meowwg to a natural d^ision of jiarties. The KreatHoagland, and otnera of the best authorities, assert that tbe Bonner team can beat any other botsea that con be brought together—Tacony, Flora Temple, and kindred ttars of the first magnitude, included in theategory." .-,- ''V.' - '.-:''''—One of tbe speakers at a mission meeting in Lei-cester,England,gavesomeinformationconcerningtbe Vincent,witbhieoffioemand~crew,,were thentrans- oharges substantiated r>ythe testimony before. »^gjlfeaafe iattorwts M trade, xx>mmerce, and,, Slavery, bixberto .unnattirallv separated in* our po- tjliticaidivisions,aa»nowj«inmghandsinacommon cause. W e a r e 4Juw bkrfsx the Aristocratic ele- ments of oar pofitieai society pitted against the Democratic. We arehavingtheFew against the Many. Tbe Aristocracy of tbe country against theRepublicans has been divided,* It u> estimated that1!150,000 has been spent. amountshavebeenbetontberesult. TheoddshaveK complained or filed protect .until he drtyyarW watme Committee had (.uch evidence as would reflect lasting dbgxaoeuponhim,andruintbepartyof W^.JSg- •was commaodod by Lieut. Hunt, who at once demand- ed from Capt. V. his papers.Large-: f...•/%••>:vbeen in favor of Sprague. Padelfoid men have sho wn vessels was resumed with increased vigor, both with-Thelatter,notroconteingtherightofanyBritishof-ficer to make each a demaud, positively refused to the head. I am assured by one who knows all,t<M» abow anything but tbe register of the Jehoseee. C <pt. evidence In the case, that those are facts, and that wa-disposition to hedge. cannon and musketry. The steamers Miramon andIn othertowns,wholesale briberywas even more Marqoesdelallabanawereboardedandcaptured,andop*n and outrageous. the undersigned, with bio officers and crew, reduced to The disposition among many Republicans to vote for rigorous captivity. The number of men killed orteachers and nurses to whom ia intrusted the trainingferred to the Falcon, and, wbile on board that vessel, Cbvooe's Committee are noet oonoiuewe of the icnowi- were treated with the grossest indignity. They were edg* of the President of grass and shameful fcauaa. > all stripped, entirely naked, upon the deck of that ves-*!••• •:the Saratoga,' a war vessel of the United States.The undersigned believingthesaidsteamersWavehave envied, viz: Lantern, Lady Woodruff, and tlieFlatbuebmare. LanternandtheFlatbusbmare,.tabenarches made a building wonld ever put them in. B * thoughtthattimewouldshowthathewas right. ;.anc Ibdianapohs to be in the service and under the or- all in all—apeed, beauty, docility in harness, and exactders of the vera Cm/. Government and supposing that resemblance—are joetly esteemed tbe finest team in thethoy were towing up armed launches of said Govern-ment,toattack,him.orderedtheanchorstoberaised, world. Bothbavelongtails,bothhavewhitefaces, and pressed the fires at the engine: At the very mo- and are so marked that, to the common observer, theyment, and at a short interval from each other, ne re- loot, when barneescd together, exactly alike. TheseMr. TUCK ER'S proposition wa« earned over tbe re-,ceived two ball shots from the approaching vessels,which were immediately returned by tbe Miramon.Presently the masts of tie Bhio became more apparent,and the undersigned, taking his spy-glass, soon discov- unparalleled speed, attached to a common road wagm ered that tbe afoi eaaid steamers were not towing arm-*' There are facts connected with the proce^dittgaw the Committee, wbioh have not yet been made PJ^fe Tbe Committee agreed, soon after it oommeuosaW-'People of the country. The ^tempted^feactiouI against Bepublicanism is taking this form.' It has 3D«*«ng them to adhere to tide par ty. wouxded on board of hie steamers, tbe undersignad nnree in the Queen's household, he stated, was a mem- sel, and discourteous epithets applied to; them. The^ assumed it distinctly in Connecticut. We have the slaveholders of the South in leagi e with the rich Jews and other money-lenders of New-York Cit>>with tbe Winslows and Shermans; and we have the great dry-goods and other commercial houses, the houses in the slave-trade, and in the sugar and cot- ton trade, cooperating with the same interests, and together pouring out their money like water to cor-commander of the Falcon informed Capt. Viaoent that,TENTH NATIONAL WOMAN'S RIGHTS CO.W*»TION.Turner was counteracted by a notice from him re-of the children of tbe Royal family. The monthly berofDr.SteaneV(Baptist)Church,atCamberwellJ. He was—Aiyoung man in Petersburg} Va.;, named C. Clay, ary, at sunset.'i !'m4> --•VK/A -.•.,-•.. 10 Hartvised, for Mr. Oieott's forthcoming".,.". Oddiaes' of the Yale Agricultural Lectures," the two lectures on stock and stock-breeding dehvered by him during tbe courge• • ' • • *says: ',..:' ' ''•. '"'j..;-'vieitofthoPrinceofWales: Messrs,BJuot,Marshall,andSturgiswereappointed•'To carry a dcuble^face during the coming great " The Ministry annonrced last night that the Prince a Committee to examine a new diviog-belL struggle.between right and wrong, in our opinion, of Wales would probably, leave England about the Mr. MARSHALL thought that the ldeauaf tbe Preii- '/Nothingbuttheassurance,thatawritwouldsoonwouldbehighlycriminal;therefore,wewerevery30thofJuly—certainlynotearlier..Tuisisnotsogooddentinrelationtoblockadedportawasanexcellentprevented tbe exonerated citizens^rom pummebag have our limbs free to fight on the side of right at the perceive that a fine job is being cut out in Quebec in the officer and rescuing the prisoner.' Several attempts next election; as aljo that each party might have a connection whh tbe visit. It is pr»>poaed to b'ire themittee on tbe Bubjoct of the capture of private property on tbe ocean in time of war.The Chamber approved «ome bills and adjourned.BOARD OF EDUCATION,Tbe Board of Education heli a regular meeting onWednesday—Preeident CURTIS in the chair.The Board then proceeded to the election of City Superintendent for two years from tbe 1st of June,1860. The Hon. S. S. Kaudall was reelected by a. unanimous vote. Mr. Henry Kiddle was reelected AeB:8tant Superintendent by a vote which was nearly . unanimous.Tbe Committee on Supplies presented a report, ia which the? gave the amount of uupplies furnished to! each school, and the amount per scholar. This shows that in all the schools the amount of supplies fur- nished in 1859 was $28,*9 48 less than in 1858. Tho•'. giving is very large in the item of evening schools,where an expenditure of $10,748 97 in 1848 was reduced ! tn $6,563 97 in 1849. The cost per scholar for the past five years has b*en: 1855, $I 18; 18S6, $1 56: 1857, $170;1858,$164;1859v$116.Tho Finance Committee reported a baUnca on,' account of ppecial appropriations of $90,295 04. -The Special Committee on tbe safety of the new sobool building now in course of erection in Twenty^ seventh street, near Third avenue, reported that ia thtir opinion it would not be sa^, the iron beams being< 8 feet apart, which is too wide to span strong arches. They recommend putting in as many mora beams, at, an expenee of $7,500, '•' *Mr. TUCKER opposed the expenditure. He thought it better to fill m tbe spaces between the iron beast* • with wood, the expense would be so much less. Tom building, he sa d, would n jt be fire proof if they put In. these eitra iron beams. It would have a wooden roof*' twins'trot together without a break, with the pre- cision of beautiful machinery, and have accomplishedShe sal ed beuce for St. George de Elmina, coast ofAfrica, 25th of August., 1859. She has since been re-ported as sailed for New-fork on the 29th, December, tesslons, that inasmuch as the evidence wonld P*y?r 1859. bly reflect dishonorably upon the President, befom-• -...-J---\si*.• .1sa jtv. v -K-/,-- K iBonhres. cannon, liquor, cash, and excitement cennot state, as he was held immediately after being taken,instrictandsolitaryconfinement.abound, rhe Democratsare rwjoicing that, with theirregistry taxeB un paid by tbe Union party, they will On the l3fch, the undersiRned was transferred, withgo into the Prewdentud dght Wronger than ever.>. j eomeot the men under him, on board of the Preble, liam, was awakened through reading a sermon of On tlie 13tn of January, the demand for the papers aad 11, xaoroiwt "stia *T*a!»f,at 10* «0»d ^o'clock. Addws^6SFrom TheCharltttonCourier,April2 .wheelbarrows,"12 pick-axes, 12 spades, 20 nana sodabiecuit,20cansBostonBiscuit.10cansfancysugar THK INVESTIGATINGCOMMITTEE.—TheTimetear> biscuit, 8<ibbK bread, 25 bbls. beef, 13 bbls. pork, 4 respondenteays: ' tee. bacon, 4 doz. buckets, and 67 water oaaks.wbicb, w e are informed, is used by Mr. Bonner in bisevery-day driving. Hiram Woodruff, W m . Wheelan, onAhe 12th of January, by tne British eloop-of-war a trantcript of all tbe testimony should be eubuitwa!TheFalcon, Com. Fitzroy, who, having brought the Jehoe-see to, sent a boat, manned by two lieutenants and sixlo Mr, Buchanan, that be might have the $$"*>*£? io take such action upon it, or make auchexpiaaa^ons,teen seamen, to tike possession of her. This party; as he saw fit. This was done. The &*§W 5K2I—TheTt»thNfcUoaalW'omaa'sIU«ibt«Convestioawttt ^*** The Princess Royal, now the Princess Frederick Wil- he had been looking for him for a. month, andth&t laCooj^r Unloo, N«w-Toifk. <m Thm«d»y«nd Prid>y,**y*^f'J'<..•"--vasai Goodor<Whasbeenmaintainedthroughout.anothervesselofwaroftheUnitedStates,whichleftAdolpbeMonod,andbecamethoroughlyrabgioinvoftheJehoaseewasrenewed,andarequestmadetobyWVjuloiljPbuUps,Ell»l>ethCsdy3<«nton,En»ps«l«wIf»«^ rnadilEv;er3 body dnnks, but everybody appears to be used on the Mth for New-Orleans, wbjre the undersigned to it. end his men were landed on tne 26th, and conducted toWhen tbe last child waa born, a Wesleyan waa se- Capt. Vincent thaV he deliver^ np^ thekeys of^the boxwbioh contained them. This was again promptly re- lected for nurse. Theteacher of the Prince of Wales, fused, accompanied with a denial of the right of aJ. Eli«ab*0> JottM, the Rev. Aatoloette Brown Bkokwett, «o* othsn. On bek«lf CJtatnd Committee. - * *E. CADY STANTON, I have bten fmnished by both parties with a list of The undersigned would «tate i n addition, that, Mr. Gibbs, wasa NonwafonaiaU Previoue to appoint British officer to examine the papers of a vessel sailing Sviuv B. AwraoNY, S w t k r y .Mr. Spingne, the Governor elect, 1*28 years of age. the public jail under escort.Untitled Documentthere was a price fixed upon bis head.« •; ^ *1estag>inst the whole dfiairas illegal, unjust, and aAll the officers and crew of tb*Jeuossee were well, 1 "r- • andhadenjoyeduninterruptedgoodhealthdaringthe —OnTueeday, Mr. Thomas Howard, a citizen of entire voyage. They expected to leave for home at an .C'evebnd, entered a drug store in that city for some arly day. A portion of the cargo of the Jeheesee,brandy. The druggist was busy at the moment, andMr. Heward proceeded io help himself. As soon a«he had swallowed some portion of the liquid he pouredcut, be remarked to tbe drugaist tnat he thought bebad killed himself, and designated the bottle fromwhichhebaddrunk.Itcontainedbreosote,andwas•—A steam fire-engine, built Jbr the Emperor of Rueeia,hasjustarrivedatPniladelphia: Itissaidto be very beautiful in appearance, though ranking only as third- rate among its fellow s.^ —Mr. Bomberger, 76 years of age, residing in Baltimore, committed suicide the other day by cutting bisthroatwitharazor. Hehadbeenforsometimeill with a disease of the lungs, andThe preferred to die at once rather than to linger. He was a soldier of 1812. •' •-,. -•/'.. ;;.:.,.,.—Twoor three days ago.a man was arrested in Louisville, charged with kidnapping aneigro boy whom he bad with him. He bad seduced the boy from Phila-members: Henry Amy, Henry A. Dike, Ezekiei J.Donnell,Wil/iamFoster^jr.,EooilHeinemaun, Frederick W. Jones, Sheoherd T. Knapp, George Mackenzie, John D. McKineey, Edmund H. MiUer, William Moller, Horace J. Moody, Henry W . Peck, Benjamin D. Smith, E. Augustus Thouron, and Wax.M.VaiL •.,...Mr. Wm. H. K. Strong was chosen to fill a vacancyin the Committee on Arbitration.A communication from James Buchanan, acknowl-edging the receipt of the r*port of t re Chamber in favor of entire iamunity from capture of all private property on the ocean in time of war, was read. It is as follows:W ASHWOTOS Crrr, Mveb 31,18S0..'i "j>3L.-4W e migbtwitU alniost a« much- propiicty agree to abandon our —In Georgetown, Ohio, a few days since, Mrs. Ma- ry st»ra of volunt« er militia, ana trust, alone to the regularanna for our d>fen»e on the land, as to depilve oarse'ves ef the secrices of Stewart of Middlebury, and the Hon. E. B. Bunton of tilda Armstrong, wife of Mr. A Armstrong, killed PrivaUers. which axe oar voluu'.eoi s and mi'itia, npou the ooean.their whole value being over $300,000. To make town I don't know, but am informed they bid. been Manchester;;;;- sti-.^. " ' •'/'.. '.;' ^;-.' •••'./••'•.,•' herself''-with a shot gun, the load taking effect over law. ana be ie*trained •witbia the rules which govern oar regu-told and believe, by Joaepn Holbrook, sometimes calledColontl Holbrook, an officer iu the Boutou Cuetdm-House, reeiding here, andrCharles B. Davis, Pdst- posed of fossil Whigs and Know-Nothings, who have different errands. .UnionParty:" ; ^ ; T" There has another party sprungup with us, com-r1-A-v;• • • • ' •-•These knights of the forceps uniformly grow rich. master of this town. These neighbors of mine, withIf they could only rid us of our mutinous teeth with one of whom 1 formerly boarced, have, as I believe, accomplieh much good or harm, their principal object Joseph Glendon, who resides in Columbia Township, be Comparatively bat little prWa*o property on the oce»u to pro-•>.; • *<as little Buffering as they inflict by inserting new assisted in committmg this outrage. Some weeks ago,being to obtain possession of the balance of power in one or .more^.States, and then sell out the highest bidder—andastheDemocraticpartyisthemostliberal in its views, i t ciin count on the accession of their votes in November." '.,'•,' . „ ' . , :' A powerful fle^t, by olockading tbetect. A powerful fleet, by blockading tbe mouth of the Cbeva.p»ak>, roulo *?2VetnaJ'y prevont any cuereboat Teasel from toteafromanyportintaats«b)ebay,oritstributaries, re*aid to Kew-xork, Now-OrJesns, & cones, the millennium .might be predicted as being nearatband. ""..'..,...the pej80D-c'albng himBelf Carlton was b^re us a spy, ai>dmadeb)sLeadquartersattaePost-Office.Ohio, met bis death under the following circumstancas:Theladwasengagedcurryinghisfatber'shorse,andwhile in & stooping posture the*animal threw up bis%''••assumedthetitleotthe."UnionParty."Theywill —AtanearlyhouronMondaymorning1a«t,asonofI<thesei-bouldrtmainblockadedmourhitbors,iberewould.if-• 1•A•79JNeitherwouldtheabandonmentofwaragainstprivatftprop- erty upon th«- oce*u of it»elf utford fre^edous and security to our • k commerce.. In.orderto aecomplish this object,we >xost pro-:•••X ct«*d a Btep farther, and obtain the constatsof tbe powerful naval nations that merchant veose.'s »h>.li not be blockaded in port, butbe «•ntTer*d to pass the blockading squadron and go out to sea.i' If the pTopoiition to abolisQ vra: against private property on .'I,.yMr. d. DJS EJETSTER OODEN, from the Committee appointed to consider the aubject of a Court of Com- (Resolved, That this Chamber rcijpectfully request of the L e g i - We learned, through a gentleman from Penfield, slature, tnat it pas* no oil!* cbasging the exterior line of the har-li-\i. im,•V* C*t>«> Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 