 AREIVALOrTIEBORTISTAB* Important! Addrras »r dovemnr I,et«her, «SdMisttheconservatismofthatsbetlonmayfit*•'<§£''ut one course to rm/*n», and the p-i'onqqajlro. Hewa*•<•vsruieles- coodemneriM®«?tilat whobsd arrested bim «J*l>out leg*! process, a n i iheooajt «ftueimpnsor'uvm-which hi-hai ben comBOUadtistiff"' st, t w«s ri ir>ar. «>" tijtil till payment was m*de.l«<let book, ron!air.::iSnearly a hiiudrc-' dollars,and vhiih he tail l"tt in fie coat so-ltet. w ts not U be Jru'ic. Agate h"r"Sto***»totho'Court.-***'• bo Matentheetreum'i*i»''•»*"Ju»rVse^n. *i»tbStf!*n-C.rtwfBsforo. gUfAVur. Aimand attmwktfeii to immediate action. It will reOOV-eGrrnjao^Ntr H » SK>ATHA»I> HOO^K or r»auso4TK*>- deoce aill be revive.! ani dantwMnv' suspiclat abaUbe Laudtn*;oftheC*lliMalaHaltsandP*t- IcmasmcemytermOfthiefmagistrateoftae0>n OSBfeoedfromamongus Awise,swudwntandcouSdeutite-..*. sun o- VwgMiia at a i imporiait oad ev#uw%l t>e 1Ki«rr>.Uttr SM*»fr«m ttte Itihma<- r-<»tii.tin-historyofi*\v.St»l»-andofth-UI.D:I Niou« •ours*may*»»••theUni.'tilethisIMwirofi'spern Tiaffection exwted between the people of all the State.1 la ih<» of Cuba,) at which time the »team*bip Atlanta waa four earlier and better days of the republic. This hai-.iy con- dition of thin<» continued for msoy year*, aad waa Inter- rupted onlv by the ttiteiference of citizens of toe N.irtaers States »Ith tbe rights and institutions of ta* Suuthern. But for the war whwh baa been MOperaevertogly wagod against the matitution of domestic slavery, aa it exists and thirty minute*, beating the Atlantic about torn or amcigat u.v-au tnstitutios with wbich they have ao right eleven mile* into port. o Intermeodle—we would bave continued te live harmo-valise, and he old not choose to take the chanoe or beingbanged on such a contln^ncy. Oe th- threats being re- lady ;tn* boose was taken possession of as • boarding abort time, rendered a verdict '«nta>s3M>.atS:isA. It , passed Cape Matsi, (east endmade for eomrguig tae building and extending the sphere of its usefulness. By your legislation encourage a spirit of Independence among the people, fnetor direct tradw, ni*n'itac«nres a a d t h e mechanic arts b y a l l legitimate mode?. Our internal Improvements should be puabM forward to completion as rapidly as tbe meana of the State wilt warrant, as aids to direct trade aad State indepen- denceThe laws of the State shall be faithfully executed,her rights defended, her institutions maintained ,and herand a half or five mile* ahead; at 1199 P. If- came up with and passed her; armed at Aapiawall on too 2Tth at &.30 P If ., making the passage ia teven day*, thro* hoarspeated, however, he consented to open the va'ise, which, fortunately, ha* not beenfamperei nith, and where no thing was found but his clothing and aeme papers relative to the debt which he had come to Augusta to collect. Word was then sent to Qui- Sneed, the PresHont of the Vigllause Committee, of the tnablrttr of the prtjooer to dtschargo the bill of costs, and to demand its payment of him, as toe representative of the party making the arrest. Col. Sneed refused. The Mayor was then sought for to make thehouse on 1Mb March, having bean previously put ia order mendntion to maroy. Judg« Riand furnished throughout by Mansma Lakosska; Fielding 8Ute prtton for A ve years andoccupied the parlor on the first floor for bis ooalnea asdentin-.; subsequently, when a chanoe of letting tt arose, tbe lowest penalty proscribed by mmhe moved bat quartera np stairs; again be de- While the jury store oat the other prtssoor, Pat-tck scended to tbe parlor ; at another time be Muldoooe, pleaded gSlty to forgery in Ine fourth degree, worked in the basement. Sometimes outside—In and was remanded for aaatono*fact, all over tbe house, as hs liked; Madame saw gin* achreiber, rather a footesl loosing female, was to the cooking and did all the work; Fielding sent the ser-niously together, and tbe ties of trsternal feeliag sod af- Oa return, left A/pinwal! at 3 30 A. If. on the 4th iaat; fection woul 1 be as stroug now as ever before in the had strong trace* and heavy head sea through the Car- history of the coafeileraoy. This wanton interference, ibos commenced, and to offensively perflated in. has pro- duced tbe present alarming crisis, sad has brought the tutoo of the .States to the verge of destruction. The Northern people n o w insist that there must be no more slave territory, no more slave States, and that tbe Bad Neumfrvm, CKriqtii— IXsappointrd Orave Diggers {a Fugitive Slsve law must be repealed, or aohonor scrupulously guarded and protected My only ob-jectissotodiscbargemydutyaatosecuretheconfidence samedemandofhimasprosecutor,buthecoaltlnotbe vantaway;therewa*nooneawiastaboytodotbowork; of November sacventedtheoanUnshmentofitf.l*onbean sea, and arrived at the Battery as stated. OPS PANAMA 00RRRSPONOKJiCB.and win tbe respect and approbation of my fellow citizens or Virginia I will be found ready, therefore, to coope- rate in «w measures calculated to developeher unbounded resources, and promote tbe prosperity and tbe happinessfound. It seemed perfectly clear to tbe Justice that the she paid tbe money for advertising the business of Field- wart It Co., and while looking at aom* atiks.she aeorotod/ l'AHAMA, J*n. 3 1 W 0bill bad to be paid by somebody, and aa those from whom it wasrtghtfullvMue could not be compelled to. he chose to act on tbe principle that possession is nine points of theing, for bis dental chair, for repairing bis showcase, k c , as also tbe rent of tbe house for nearly a year, up to Feb- ruary, 18*8; about Christmas previous ho gave her sometwo piece* of silk worth $48 upon her perse* b y s very ingenious contrivance. Tbe clerk saw ber commit tbo onnnce, sad caused ber to be searched to aa ndjouungtrmm—4. Sarai Court Martial—The Ittkmut Healthy.Since the nailing of the Atlantic from Aapiawall, at mid night of 1st last , there has been an arrival hare of a small Teasel from the district of Ch.riqui.Crangale returned to Jail tin be could pay the cists orhis own false imprisonment After suffering a fartherconfinement of thirty three hours, dad it being evidentthat there was no relenting on the part of his persecu-tors, he wroto to Colonel Cumming to thank him for hisgenerous services, and to ask for another interview oahis behalf. Soon after, Mr. Alfred Cummmg, a son ofColonel Camming, appeared at the Jail, paid the fees de-manded, and tbe prisoner waa released. Mr. Olin had would cost too much to bave one mads, ao ana bought one slight, and tbe jury rendered a formal verdict of notA few disappointed goldt hun te-s returned in the littlecraft, one of whom 1 bare conversed with, and ho giro*a dMcoiiragmg account of the condition of things la that upon the return of such writ, the fugitive slave may de- part of the country, so far at least aa toe haaco* and goldmines are concerned. Tbe huacos are almost tf not entirelyabandoned. A small parlv a<-e at work on aa old mine,which has long since probably been exhausted of the pre-cious metal. an 1 thus far k e y have been unable to andbutvery littlegold.to Baxter street, was put on trtaLcbargftd with recoirteAV -* atolen goods, consisting of over gMOwrortb of coats a n l pantaloons, stolen by two tuuves from the noose of Jane*H. McCorkle, but tbe evidence for the prosecotwu waa veryt h e Americans who went from this place some months since to Chinqui have at**'it all returned, heartily di* gristed wf.h ine idea of m»klng their fortuues In digg'^ for goi<ien images Only a few natives remain there, with the ejperUt«UM>f res3l5!lig aoro'ttiinsr after awhib.1 hav» no cliange to n<ie In the depositions of theV'jcii.tNCB.-Paseer.gerefrom Augusts report that an aboil- to defend fugitives, who are to pay all witnesses' expenses, urui.-t w»» tarred »nd feathered in th« city ou Friday. IliaWe subjoin a copy of the bill for non payment of' which the money she advanced, and then to divide, share aao A CM'KlAK ACQCrrTKP-.l'AIUrRl! OF POUCt OrTlCSKS TO OOXTShipsofwar belocgwg t* the lactic squadron The confinement,frombeingusedfortheimprisonmentofper- court inartiil which bin been in session oa board the sons claimed as fugitive slaves. (See session acts, 1865, lolled .•*ate« sloop Levant for the last ten days, haJ not page &24 ) The act oi Wisconsin Is even more striogeutyet adjourned. « in its provisions for the protection of fugitive slaves, than The"»\:«>\>("vaneisetp.*tei to arrive h«reonorabouttheacts of Massachusetts. (?*eeRevised Statutes,1S58, thf fitd H.1-. , from .sin Juan del Stir. Soon after h^r ar page 912.) Tho act of Vermont declsres that no personrival a c>urt martial «i! be orderoi to try two of bar within the State shall be considered as property, or sub-AtrrjrsrA, Ga., Dec. 31,1859.Ontbecrossexaminationitwasshownthatnotonlybad pawnbroker's estib t-hm, s*inGrand «--e.t for $5,butMadame Lakoosks furnished the bouse, kz.. but had ac- Ss the ev i K-IJCO *HK no i:;." .li'iejrr* e.v.-e 1; •* (.tie bene-tua'.ly aupplied tbe money to furnish tools tor Fietetpg'sofficers and several of lb<» cr«»w.The isii.nius coLtinuesifeaiitiv, notwithstanding the ex-cessive heat that has privaiieii for gome days past- o r s AHPINWAtiL CORKKSrONDEKCB.ject as such to sale, purchase or delivery; that tbe fugi- tive slave may have the benefit of a trial by jury—that every person who may have beeu held as a slave, who aba!'come, or be brought, or be in the State, with or without the consent of his or her master or mistress, or who ahail come, or b e brought, or be involuntarily, or i sCommitting, marshal and constable cost Jailer, R. CReceived payment.The evidence of Mr. Reed, trustee of Madame I,*': >.*k,i, cot firmed that of the plaintiff He testified, i-i... n .> '.;,• furnished her with the money to buy addition*' a L.IVSA&tvwaix, Jan 3,1SS0Sailixg cf Ike Unite* Stitts Skip BuantJce,andHer Deten anv Wij. ,r. the State, abatl be free, and denouncesURIAH SLACK. It will be observed that Mr. Crangale still owes Richtwn—A hawtwit Decided. against'i very person who shall hold the fugitive aa * slsve tbo penally of imprisonment for not less than one The Roanukeleft the harbor at eight o'clock this morn or more than fifteen years, and a fine not exceed-log, for I'ortobe'.lo for water, and came to anchor soon ing two thousand dollars. (Sec session acts, 185*,after about four miles off She has since had no comma- page 42.) In other of tbe non alaveholding States, if I a m n o t mistaken, similar legisla-nicatioc wttbth* shorn The supposition is that her ma- tion has been employed to deieat the execution of rhinerv has broken dowu. She is still at anchor at the law within their limits- They maintain the doctrinemond county, Georgia, twenty cents, if he ever owed i'anything, as Mr. Uriah Slack made an error to that for tbe house. Had heard them talk about tnetr b nicv--, f. rrt<' against James McNamee, wbo was charged toeleven o'clock P. M.The ortzaba arrived at Panama at two o'clock P. If. to-day, with the mails and 280 • assenger*; of these 80 axe for New Orleans.-f an "irrepressible conflict" between free and slave la bor, which, under their toaching*, has produced its first fruit* in the shedding of Virginia blood upon cur own soil. Tbe friends of this kind of legislation, and the supporters of these mischievous doctrines, wield the executive, legis-THE MOULDS, SPELTER, CHEMICALS AND COIN SE- CURED, ETC-arrangement; saw him at bis office in Canal street, when be said be had a great fancy for Mrs. Paul; tbe agreement was that they were to go into Spring street, and share tbe profits of business; soon after tbey began to make some- thing, and had sharp talk about putting the earnings intoOf Vlrgtola.ivon i•*. aad .iecid. d action on abeir..part if muttm coofrrtafVf p«**»W'tioo.«b#lr<-*o' th* Vi.d<anc* f-tttessentially modified s s to render it valueless for the recovery of slsve property. In Massaeboastu, Wisconsin, Vermont, and perhaps other non slaveholdlog States, tbe Fugitive Slsve set has been practically and effectually nullified and rendered inoperative. Tbe Mas- sachuatUe sot declares that tbe writ of habeas corpus may b e issued b y either of their court*, and even b y " any justice of the peace," in term time or vacation, aadof her people.Another Southern Outrage.A NEW- WAT TO FAT OLD DEBTS-AN IHISHMAK lMl'RIKONKD AND BANI8HBD.(From the New York Tribune at Jan. 11.)In the Augusta (0a ) Evening Dvpatch of the 29tli ult.,is tbe following editorial paragraph :—AniiSSTBD.—A man named JanesCrsngale, bailing from Columbia, 8 C . waa anested by the noticelaat night fo- giv- ing vent to abolition aeniimenta, wbila to a aiate of iatoxica tioe, and is now In durance.A second edition of this s-orv is published in the Charleston (S. C.) Mercury of Dec. 31, two days later, and isasfollows:—Fielding wanted to take tbe lease for 1858 in his own name, and did to; daring 1867 s Mr. Baker oasae to look Tor em- ploy meat, and, after a consultation between plaintiff and defendant, was engaged, and worked for a time; Madam talked with Mr. Batoter, an upholsterer, about making a denust'a chair, and Fielding, who was present, explaiaesv, by saying that she and be were going into business to- gether, and wanted a chair made; it was found that itthe Court tbe trouble ot ft trul by goaaaing guilty, tence was reserved.mand a trial by jury, and if the jury disagree, the issue may be submitted to aoothwr jury, or continued to the next term, at the discretion of the court; that no con- fessions, admissions c§ declarations of the alleged fugitive against himself shall be given in evtdeoue upon the trial; that the Governor, byandwith theadviceandconsent ot tbe Council, shall appoint Commissioners in each countyadvised him to he off the moment he was oat of jail, as ready made; to January, 186», a farther disagreement there were "boys enough about," he said, "to string arose-, Fietdti g stopped giving any money; Mr. Heed told htmtrp" As he had every reason to believe in the ber to go mm bis offloe and ask for it; she did ao, and waa soundnessofthissounsel,he left immediately, andar putoutbyFielding,andbadberarmnearlybroken;was rived, as we hare already stated, in this city on Satur- also put out of his office on aeveral occasions; be used very day. bad language toward* ber; Fielding promised to repay allgmity.A momorra, ASSAULT.LewWBotaM, indjoted tor n sntoasous nssault *Wan\ -:FrancisVolmaa oa the 18thof July, pleaded guiltyto assault and battery, and was re—seed till Saturday (or sentence.clerks' fees, ofilcers' fees and other expenees; and they are to have tbete and all other reasonable charges for their services as attorneys and counsel in the ciae paid by the State Treasurer; and the act also prohibits their jails, prisons or other places ofmine is repreaeoied to be Jama* Craagale, recently from Columbia.Mr Crangale arrived in this city from Charleston on Saturday laFt, in the steamer Nashville. His story we bave from his own hpa, and w e think it may b e repeated totheedificationof MrO'Conor's countrymen who be- lieve slavery to be an excelleut institution, aad who vote the democratic ticket, and for the information of those Union saving gentlemen who hare debts to collect on account,orunderjudgments,attheSouth.Mr. Crangale was detained in the Augusta jail thirty- three hours; and had not this sum been generously a i vanoed by Colonel Cumming he would.no doubt, have been still In confinement, unless, indeed, the o'dcryot "a la ian,'eme" bad been fulfilled in bis casein this modernheignofTerror.share alike, the profits; the agreement was not in writing she fouud Fielding to a miserable, poor little offloo in Ca- nal street, where first they became acquainted.• StmrosvAS.Louisa Cameron, a cyprian, waa charged with gran*larceny in stealing aimH *. „<r.i, almg-i to h&*e-b*en wortb *4f>, th*- property ot J&auior WtUtams, ot 37 Croat? street. Theprin.. •,itw?^„:ai!,pledg.-u t»»ewatchinaalmost impossible now to eradicate i t In this deplorable King and Ramsay, at compacted by about twenty of the Vi. Kmano-Comiwittee.—RobertO.Glover,William Tucker, conditionofthings,withalltheevilsincidenttoadissolution giaticeCommittee,whoarrested him. Theydraggelhimpremises were found a quantity of moulds, spelter, dimes, quarters, chemicals and similar evidences of manufac- ture.call for as many weeks more; when first we went Into tbe house there were two women of rather disreputable char acter in it that could not be got out immediately; I m ived from the entry room for convenience of the plaintiff; be- fore I went to the house I agreed to pay ten dollars aand the City Judge sat till a late hour, refusing to relax his rule not to adjourn until tbe business of tbe Court was finished.James Watson, David H Gilderslieve, DsnieJ Coger.Of the aoove committees the democratic portion of tho Board have a majority ah \ ree Academy and Eveningof the Union prominently before us, the inquiry presents out of bad, and after taking from him his overcoat and va* itself—What can be done to avert the danger? Tne Su- l it«', hurried him olTtojail. Tbe next day he was waited uponThe woman, wbo gave her name as Rogers, lived with Critchett, enjoying all the relatious of wife without thepreme Court cannot settle this question of construction, School Committees, and the republicans obtained the ma- bemuse it is not recognized by the parties as an arbiter.Julia Fitzgerald, a chambermaid at the Bancroft Boon* which he refused to give up. Ford assured bim that If binding obligation of matrimony. She was taken as an wetk: I made no arrangement for the boy: Mrs. Ta.il did indicted for stealing a bracelet and breastpin wortbjority of tbe Fiuance and Normal School Committees.The Board now proceed«d to draw for seats, the proce-This has been but too palpably manifested in the utter repudiation of the irred Scott decirion by the republican paiiy. The only mode, therefore, of remedying the evilno abolition documents were found in his possession h s would be discharged, but if the charge agaia t him should be proved, ne would be hung up at the prison ga'es bynot take care of mo when sick till forbidden by her $36, the property of Samuel Duskara, pleaded guilty todure creating some ruerriawnt.Commissioner WATS*H;IK\ offered the following resolu- that ociurs to me, under the constitution, is provided in !be Vigilance Committee. To persist iu refusing to givedoctor. petit larceny Ine judgment of the Court was suspended, Additional evidence for the acfendant wa= adduced, buttion in reference to ihfe bylaw requiring the reading of the the filth article thereof—summou a oonventian of all up his keys, Ford assured lum, would be consider.-.; a* Scriptures in the schools, an^ moved its adoption:— the States, that a full and free oonfereucc may be had equival" nt to a conlt ssion of guilt, and Uo sbould call thoHe haskc'l a saloon or eating house for some time at by the counsel on both piles, the caac rested.Patrick Buckley, who was charged with forgery in the second degree, in passing $1 counterfeit bills on the Bank ofKutlanu, Vermont, pleaded guilty to the fourth gradeNEW YORKHERALD, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, IM P .gCountess *f grrrfltOB cOCanf-BPB0»*X TnTULiail jHesmehip Company,..hiw been decided yn favor of the States, with scarce an exception. In the Senate of the sued them for his salary under the contract The suit Kalamazoo, and Nile* have been broken up, and the chief and a bedroom np stairs, and used the front parlorNorth Atlantic Heamship Company. The title to the pro- United States the republican party numbers upwards of was brought in a justice's court, and a decision given perty was not in question twenty, and in the House or Representitives upwards of in his favor. Appeal was made by Messrs. Gray ft one hundred, all elected by the voters of con slavehold- Turley to the Superior Court, where the decision of tho ing States, and ailendorsing and approving these obnox court below was confirmed, and judgment granted against t b e defendants. This e n d , however , waa^uotficer, named Townsend, was that while they were pro- participants in the iniquitous business brought to justice, for the Introduction of customers; bad a boy, too. ceeding along tbe street, they requested the defendants tftand now a fourth gang is brought to light, and those con- at one time, dressed in livery; advised plaintiff refrain from singiLg in the street on the Sabbath ores-nected with it secured with the evidences bf their guilt. to bave nothing to do with Fielding: she was knownOn Saturday last Deputy Marshal Moore arrested at Jack- by the name of Mr*. Paul at this time; Mr. Paul tog; that on their refusal to do so tbey arrested them,and while conveying tbem to the station house were as- saulted by their prisoners. Tbe defence established a different state o f facts, showing that the young inear their own premises and that the officersBoard off Kilucation. IOUSdoctrines and measures. Afew years asrothis party OWIAM74T10S OP THS NKW BOARD—SHARP FIRING was very Bmall in each branch of Congress, and we were ON THE BIBLS QCfcSTION—NO KBSPLT, KTC, ETC. assured that they represented a comparatively small num- TheBoardofKducatieufor1860metlasteveningto beroffatatscf,withwhomthegreatbodycftheNorthernSon no less than eight persons for making and passing base and she bad been separated for some time; w a s intimate gained without some difficulty. Three lawyers succes- com, and on Sunday a ninth, connected with the same with ber and her husband (Panl), and so felt an interestwith a crowded lobby. a large portion of the non slaveholnng States are loyal to tbeconstitutionandtbeUnion,butitisnottobedisguised Commissioner TVTSUAwastemporarily moved to the thltalargenumberare indifferent to both, and wouldchair till the Bard elected a President. prefer a dissolution of the Union to the extension of slave Oommissioeex Oassa mot.^d that the Board proceed to territory or tbe increase of slave States. They desire toconfine .slavery to the States in which it now exists, and the sympathy manifested for John Brown and bis asso- ciates in crime gives reason for fear that they are not pre- pared to aid In putting down attempts to interfere with thewent to one after another of the officers of the lav in close watch was kept upon suspected parties, and ail their Canal street, where she came to have her teeth fixed; shelater period, on being arraigned, pleaded.not guilt/. Chef wereremandedfortnaLMarthaRitterwastriedandconvictedofgrand larceny in stealing $60 worth of property from Thomas F. Devoe, of No. 18 West Thirteenth street, on tbe 13th of Decem- ber. She was sent to Blackwelt'a island for two years.RobertSmith, wbo was indicted for burglar/ in the third degree, having, on the nigbt of the 18th of Decem- ber, entered the premises of George Thompson, Ko. 11Jballet for.* Psesfctaofc. T t* motion being carried, the re-sult of the haikit was acsoanoad to be 22 'votes for Was.E. Curtis, 16 for John Davenport, aad the balance werescattering. Toe election of Mr. Curtis was then declared institutirjnVvon lu the States where it is recognised and attorneys for tbe defendants.unanimous, and the new President thereupon took occa- sion briefly to thanjc the Board for the honor conferred apoa btm. 'protected by law. The lamentable state of things between the two sections of the country has its origin in the coastrocfion placed by the Northern people upon tho con-Hopeless of redress in Savannah, Mr. Crangale went to Augusta, trusting that in that place, where Messrs. Grav A Turley are holders of property, he should be able tothe spring that she could not stay if she did not pay the rent; when she could not pay I loaned her money: I paid in advance tbe last three months rent for her (witnesstlt>. pleaded guilty to th3 charge, and w a s sent to t h * Penitentiary for two years.stoCariaiy, who was recommende i by the Local board of of all the State*, aad they apare ao efforts to the N'toeteeath ward, to represent that ward, the etection affirm their construction by the legislation of Con of a School Commissioner kt that section Of the ciry hav- grees. In the earlier history of the government, irg rrsutied in a tie vole. territory was acquired, and Territorial governmentsCommissioner IiiiBi' >TST and others expressed the were orgaoi7.ed, without inquiring whether they wers free opiDi.JE that tbe matter sb'juhi be referred to a oommittee or slave—free and slave States were admitted into thebeing an order to vacate the parlor, and signed JaT.a•weuM otherwise have done. Stale prMon two years waato consider it before the Bo«r<l should doclde upon It Much discussion ensue^ tf to the proper ooune to be pursued by U»e Board in rfj reuce to the aubject, b i t itUnion paripassu. Tne constitution waa construed fairly and justly according to its terms and spirit—we lived in har- mony , and our prosperity s s a nation was steady and unpa-purpose simply of collecting money due Uvn on a judg- ment of tbe Superior Court, and for nothing else; ano that it' tbey could prove him to be an abolitionist tiiey weretime of his arrest he represented himself as an agent of the Detroit and Jackson Coal Mining Company. He was captured it 1'arma. a small village six mi!e3 west of Jack-remove to Wooster street; I still continued at Spring street and kept bachelor's hall there: tn September I took utk. and went to the country; refurtred m October and coatwas finally ag*eed to refer -ft to the Committee on Elec- ralleled. When the Northern construction biga'nto provail,tions and Qualifications.'The election of the standing committees next com-valued at $19*, from Michael McOarty, while he was sit welcome to bang bim. He was permitted then to eon. He a luiplica'u-tti as one of tho persons engaged in roei.ced practice again; on my return I found plaintiff in ting oc a Ftoup in Canal street; hot the testimony WHmenced Tbe result of the ballolicg allowed tbe following named Commissioners to be rho«en for the committees mentioned in connection with their names:—•the barkeeper, came forward aud stated that he know that Crangale was an abolitionist; that he had this inior- mation from Andrew Gray, wbo asid that "Crangale w a s a camneu. atxilitionist ana rascal, and ought to bo put outnot very well the base coin.known. H e w a s also engigod H e was caught at 1'arma.in passingCatharine McGwire was placed o n trial, K having boon alltgedtbat sbe stole silk dresses from Ko. 88 Howard 'street; but soon after the trial was commenced it was dis- covered that there was a variance between the proof andstrife arose, bitter feelings were engendered, criminationsand recrimuiaiiona followed; and now we find that thoties of brotherhood have been sundered, mutual distrust the conversation that ensued. Thereupon, James Hashes,tbe house, and told her to leave: she said she was sick,and had no friends, &c; I allowed her to remain; her busband had been to tbe house and threatened to shoot m: •she never consulted m e about taking boarders; most of"my tools I brought f-om England; she never bought toolsfor me; I gave ber ten or twelve dollars one day io bayshirts for me; she called on a bootmaker to come and take "not guilty,'' and tbe prisoner was remanded Mil tbo mymeasure,whichhedid;alwayspaidfor my own ad GrandJury couldfirdanewbill.ba.-t succeeded, and the kindly feelings of affection havebeen smothered by bitter sectional hatred, that now bidsfair to outlive the existence o f tbe Union. The onljr foun-dation upon which the government can rest in security isthe affectiocs of the people. If this foundation has not of the way.'' Mr Crangale again denied the allegation. been entirely undermined, it is so nearly gone that it be- He understood now. however, the source and meaning of Waterbury, Joseph Mc<l*re, Joel W. Mason, Wo.R comestheconservativepatriotsof thenationtouniteand theaccusation,forAndrewGrayisabrotheroftheseniorSUflord, Barvey B . Gregory, John O'Kecfe. determine upon a line of policy that shall govern their iartner in the house of tiray & Turley.Ktenmy Sihoolt Cowtsu't*.—Joba R. Lydsekor, Terence future action. I greatly fear, however, that the disease About two o'clock thai night, when asleep in bed his Farley. J. A. Tlmson, James Marrtner, Cttarles E. Gilder- has taken such bold upon the Northern mind that it is room waa broken into by tbroe constables, named Kverett Sheve, Daniel Siote. tEbenezer Farnham will be remembered as one of the parties connected with the celebrated conspiracy against he Michigan Centra! Railroad some years ago. for whicb offence nebissinceservedoutasen'encoof fiveyearsinJVes Ar«»kw*v Cb»»nnB*—lames M. Tuthill, .lames Fairman, A. V. Stout, A. Hi. Green, H. ft. atone, Charles JfcOiy, Hucrh Croiier.the indictment The Jnry returned a formal verdict ofyt/rmal .SCAMJ '>mmt/fe*—James W. Parr, Nefron J.heState prison. He is chargedwith complicityInthe vertislng;wbenfittingupmycaseIborroweflfromtwelve MargaretHenderson,a"Points"cyprian,wasaoquttted manufacture o' the coin as well as passing it. to twenty dollars Irom ber, and gave her four dollars f >r of a charge of stealing $15 from Dennis Carroll.Critchett is an old State prison bird He lives at Jack tho use of it; it was not for some two or throe weeks afierson, though engaged in no particular business. Upon his Ifirstsaw her that 1learned where she lived, and did rot JAS. 11.—There was a large calendar of cases to-day,Wtiereas, by tne provisions of the byla'vadoptel by this between the representatives oi Hie people electea cVmrriUce to execute speedy judgment. Under tiiesS such plscts. He was arrested as one of the passers of the Board on the 15th ilay cf June last, relative to reading the for this purpose, and thus ascertain whether the threats ho had no alternative but to comply w tu to* C"n.Bible in the schools uu lef the jurisdiction of this Board, question in controversy cannot be settled upon soma •cmand for the key», and surrendered theoi. lu thfMore Difficulties About t b e Ocean Bird of that effence. He wat sent to tbe State prison for two Oorge Snow is a young man of whom but little is Csi« amsuip— Seizure o f t h e Vessel b y years.basis mutually satisfactory to both sections. Ifsueh a convention shall ass.-mt >?, and. after free andfull consultation and comparison ot opinions, tney saallthoriird to sign warrants for the payments of teachers, fiml that the differences between the slaveholdlng and which 'was sufficient to swear away ten li.ei, Dotwi4hsiandmg m y adegaJ non-compha.uc<3 wita^that by- non-slaveholding States are irreconcilable, let th*m coa if be had so many. This formidable document, wtiub law by them. rider tne question oi a peaceable separation, and the ad- Mr. Olin showed him. asserted that be, the Mayor, hadl.r.o.-c. He has the reputation of beiug a worthless cha- racier ;nd a hard case.John Heitzman was tried and convicted of stealing $87 in money from David Hiegenberg, of 29 Ctirjstie street, on the 13th of November. The sentence wa* two years in the .^tate prison.it is not made the duty ot the leathers to perform the ser- vice pn^scrib«d tin reby, thereforeeveoiDg of that day Mr. Olin,a Justice of the Peace, c t k x l i [ion bira, and informed him that Mr. Foster Blodget, dr., ihe .Via\or of Augusta, had filed an atlidavit aga.u«t inn*t a p t i i i u G r a h a m .LETTERS* OF COMPLAINT FltOM THE SPAXISH CONSU-Resolved, That the Prapideot and Ocrk are hereby an-\\>t-Luai i- a butcher by traJe, heretofore a very re-?pir. 'hie man, and po^e'ed of some property. He hasl.'i-i" detected In passing the counterfeit coin.' His resi- NEY. dence is JaeVson.chair, and called for tbe ayes and nays.Tbe Chair was not sustained—vote 18 In the affirmative States shall fail or refuse to unite in the application, suching the "niggers' at Harper's Ferry; and that he, the Major, was prepared to prove tuese assertioa. Mr. CraBsrale met these charges with a Art denial He assured Mr.tilnthatthewholestory wasafalsehood, Rfictirvjdivine service at a church in Ann Arbor.A r m y I n t c l l l g e c c e . .at tins port), by which it apjiears that Captain John Gro- lander, 67 East Nineteenth street, on the night of the 234 bam has Liken forcible possession of said Steamer with- of June, and etolen a tin box containing $26$. Hughes was out any warrant or process of law whatever. It more- tried afew months ago lor a similar offence, but the Jury overappearsthatbehastakenoutpartofthe machinery onthatoccasiononlyconvictedhimofpetitlarceny j£soarmoat intelligent,discreetandexperienced statesmen, shallbeappointed, whosedutyitshallbetovisit the1.9- glelntaresof those States which have passed laws toon. •tract tbe execution of the Fugitive Slav* act, aad insist, in tpe name of Virginia, upon their unconditional repeal.mission,aprecedentistobefoundinthehistoryofoarown T Fogarty and James Hughes, tae barkeeper at gained admission and rfmametl there for two or three Slate, ic the appointment of tbe disusi: usaad Benjamin the United States Hotel. Their evidence, hoar-peace wttba gam, far In* pnrpoas of JbUaog a dag on thopremfe**, which hadb(Mnn member of bisfaouly. He In support of tbe suggestion of the appointment of a com-SIR—I have to inform your honor that I have just been in the prosecution of th«'«nt»# w*— t _ j _ -•—<-»-• --— »- infoimenthatthemenwbotookforciblepossessionofmy prosecutioncfthesmt TheJudgedecidedthatboThe diem a i d wan asid to be a temperate man. He was, distrust and suspicion sre to continue, aad if too election States Hotel Thia admission passed even without reouko bowever.liwuMa4 wtin slasass of tbe heart, wbicb may of a sectional republican candidate to the Presidency in from the Court But thf Court was more vigilant whamhour, rendered a verdict of guilty.Superior Court. Before Hen. Judge Robertson.pariag to enter the ball room at Tammany Ball, the Suaa- applied to his agents at Bergen to buy the cattle; that a wh Consul asked him to accompany^m to th* Ocean contract wad madeto sell tbem for cash, to be paid before Bird:CaptainGrahamwasthen inpossession. Tho Mar thecattlewere takenaway. That while defendantand% , —.— —r iwiWM. &im war- plaintiff were in tne hotel at Bergen to settle the payment, thai went on board sad found from ifty to sixty persons the defendant'a servants drove the cattle away,. Instead, TanE?t- <*qx> €rry lUTtaojm CQHTJQTT.—Anelection tor1 »»!Hmr?-M Batta,.Vju> Secret a-.held on Tuesday night, when chosen Presidant; CbarlesC aad C W. Betu,Jan. 11.—IrVHoaj i t Jaytor r*. iVfckolas 0 . Barder.~ on tbe boat. Onfirstgoing on board a man aatemotod to of paying tbe cash, it in alleged that as soon as tho cattleOot% Ttreprossible conflict" doctrine, announced and advocated10,80,39,67.19, T,28,104, licanparty,isaaopendeclarationofwaragainstthein staice*. HedenouncedthawVigilanceCommitteesas •2,000. Tbe{indictmentallegesthatplaintiffprocured specialantboritytointerfere,lefton*ofbitomcoVoS paymentforthecattle. Mr.PurdyrefusedtohonorthsCawnSajnT*_ a*i^**yA^^^ 110. Br^'ynOW" d», « , 65, M, M, I t ,la tbo tinkie -uprsnaa Mr*. Wtlaop, wi,.,amastepson, wxbdrewher pruiltpto n cht.go of lenced her to » x Tbepinwonr il o w i n g *•"*• '» . » , 40, 41.42, 43, 44,48, •motion or African slavery wherever it exists, and I I if made tribunals, constituting themselves a* at on** tooda from the firm or Finley * Moore through a third S g J ^ J g J - 1 *-* """K o r ««b»*l|of th* v*s »Tn B, order, because be alleged ha had no funds belonging toOoott, on tbe 7th Inst,ofnotguilty,andplead*! Judge Davajnan- in ttt* ftsnat priaon. who was charged with of bar bnabnnd, about Iddoctrine*, ought to be resisted b y tbe slavebolding States. tbem and dividing tho epoiia aanong thamaalvoa. Th*t>*> through Messrs Finley k Moore. Tbo jury found a ver-broaght before ths United Sutes Court•norning- on ThursdayCourt o f O y e r a n d T e r m i n e r . BeforeHon.Judgelngraham.THE SHSTPABD ARSON CASI.JA». 1 1 . - I V People « . /os. onejpaW.-jndgs tngr.. ham granted the motion of Mr. Aahsaeadto remit tbe in(tic t rrutnt •brought to New York, and slaughtered the same day- Tbe defendant denied any lraud hi ths transaction, l b s motion to discharged tbe order of arrant was denied with coat.United States District Attormcy * Mr Leopold C Newman, for anthe department, has iwslgaed hat pasKlan. Mr.va* an aflteJMit nllbiu »»/i1M0-Hughea admitted that Gray had pointed out the prisoner tohimasanabohtioniot, andruleuoattneevidence,os tbe grouui that the trad* at Auttusto with too North would be injured should it become known the* such was their method of dealing with creditors. Alter tbe witness e bad been uamiaed, Colonel Gamming ad- dressed the Court In a speech, evidently ao fearless a* to bave exeri-ised a strong influence over th* minds of tho Court and audi****, and marked bp a degree of soundDMrf I * Cas&I&aV1*- <J"Q• nasiThia ia an action for slander and false imprisonment. Tbo plaintiff alleges that in ISM tbe defendant procured a bill of indictment agafust him by tbe Grand Jury, on a charge of having obtained goods b y falsa pretence*, b y whichatop Marshal Rynders, and collared aim by the neck- were out of sight, the defendant asid be could not nayfar Rynders struck bim and passed on, nolens volent. Tbe' them, but would give an order for the payment on a Mr.Marahal then had an Interview with Captain Graham whowitnesses and judge*, and as actuated by a * higher mo- If I did M l declare that the election of snob tive than a determination to denounce all Northern menB nuwonld be disloyal to Virginia and the Southn man, entertaining such sentiments and advocating such of property as abolitionists, for tbe purpose of ntintogparty. For the defence it ia contended that the indictmentwas not brought about by his act. but says it waa done—r-— -—. in all probabllty, bo thsdefendant. Itwas alsoaverred that thecattle were The question to dispute will,The idea of permitting such a man to have tbe control and direction of the army aad nary of the United States, and tbeappointmentofhighJaVkanlandexecutiveofficerslatTof GoorghTpKrvidbig tbe^naRy of death J"**mtbo slave, to hmmiiilnj. ho aald, « * J « « J « **»*thoughsevere,wasnonetoomachao.Itbahooy*d^8o*»Untitled Documentkeep both l u eye* and oars open to protect their pro-dict for th* defendant. * " '" '-executive officers^ in postmasters included, cannot be entertained"A Fatal Amur mtaaus—4 difficulty occurred be tween several gentleman on tbe 17lh ult at Hair* Bluff, on th* edge of Austin county. Texas, which terminated , fatally to twoof tbem Dr. gtoll.ofLson county, shot Mr R Herndon, wbo keepaastore at the Bluff. aaS Drridge. to lay the conduct of these delinquent officials be- fore tbe Grand Jury, bat it was only to meet with a re- fusal from that gentleman, on the ground that an indict- i i-ni against them would also involve one against th*manufactured and who passed off the coin. Ko movements were made to Interrupt the operations until all tbe parti- culars ci their proceedings v.ere ascertained, and the evi- dences of crtininalty so well secured as to be readily ob- tiunorf at a moment's notice. Officer Moore, with tho a% stetance of Sheriff Smallcy and his deputies, of Jackson county, then made the descent, capturing t h e following persons on Saturday last:—Samuel Graham,. Harrison$10 a week; I took the hall entry room, over the hall dooron the second floor, with use of the parlor, like tbe otherboarders; built myself a workshop o n t h e back stoop,aud fitted it up; never used the parlor exclusively until Ibecame lessee of the house; the landlord informel her to Centre street, and stealing various articles valued a*by another constable, one Ford, who demanded his keya.k !m Gibney, who was arretted at Ann Arbor, formerlythe table, but tbe motion was lo&t—vote 21 to 20. tliecomaion property between th<> two sections. If thev at the South was to stir up an insurrection among th* lived at Jackson. Since his removal to Ann Arbor he has To the Flon. .1..7 RCWEVKIT, United States District Attor Vest Thirty-eighth htreet, and stolen $300 worths f leadCommissioner lUvtpiroHtr moved to lay the reaolnt'on on justment of all questions relatiug to the disposition of been informed and believed that the errand of CrangaleCommissioner WaTasBt'tY moved Ih*previoas q'destian can be reconciled, let them adjust the terras, and slaves, and that he was doing so; that be had asserted been engaged In the grocery business. Bogus coin wasn>y f<>- the Southern 1'istric.i of New Vork:—PIR—I have tho honor o'.' transmitting to you herewithpipe. Thejury convicted them of third grade of that crime ai'U the Court sent cacti of tium io tiie Sins & " DrUoa for two years. * ^ ••••n*to cut off debate. *Commissioner Tt CXKS moved to lay tho motion on thetable.The CHAIR decided the notion out of order. Oommigfioner Tvnunt appealed from the decision of the; gnc them such sanctions as will rend-* them effective. I suggest, therefore, that you adopt resolution in favor of the call of such a convention, and apoeal to tho I.egiala tures of tne several Stat- s to unite in the application pro- posed to be male to Congraas in pursuance ojiue- pro- visions vf the article aforesaid. If the noa slavehuUlng1'iun i in bis possession, as ateo letters from the parties at Jackson, whicb, aside from other evidences, fully impli cateu hira as oue of their agents for circulating their proagainst 21 m the uigatirV railure or refusal will furnish conclusive evidence of a de-CommissionerInKSRthencalledforhismotion,which terminatiouontutirparttokeepuptheagitation,andto frombeginningtoend;that,hehad neverheld and bad todutyotFortMonroeArsenal,andwillrepairaccording- soastorender itimpcwsihle to work horemrine. .This soonashes-ervedhistermontheisland,heresumedtoowas lost—vote 1\ to 20.Commissioner M-*sox novf moved U>ao;o>irn. Tka mo-tion was lost—vote 'Jl to 19.C< mmiiiioner KARR said that the motion ot" the previousquestion waa contrary to the by-taws, and asked tae Chair s decision.Cumcjxsioucr WATSSHIRY requested tbo Chair to call the gentleman to order.Commissioner FABRclaimed that he rose to a point of order, which was that the previous question aa it now came was not in order.continue their a^gressioui upon us. If the convention shall meet, a n l the question cannot bo satisfactorily a idanger of disunion imminent now, and U not tho public miod. North and oouth, deeply agitated by the apprehen- sion that tbe dajs of the Unnn are numbered? I>isunion speeches are tbe order of the day In deliberative bodies, Mate and uauomu, ajid the press teems with the same sortrover uyer.'ii any such sentiments. Mr. Otia ly uithai post,andreportto the commanding officerlor thereupon informed him that his trial would further orders.unprecedented outrageenthepropertyof auc-iectsofher practiceof his profession. He wss convicted to-day of Catholic Majesty loiperiouily t.eaianas the most ao<?rg'»tic grand larceny, and Judge Russell gave him the hUrbeat measures for redress. I, therefore, apply to you, sir, re- penalty tbe law permitted, wbicb w ss five years in tooCommissionerGRSSKcitedthebylawshowingthepre- of matter,edtorial, communicated andselected; vious question to bo always in order and ondebateable. Southern Legislatures are empijved mconsidering the beatAll this time, it sbould be remembered, tbe prisonerwhs held under no legal process, but, thonfrh wndned intbeCityPrison,andvisitedbytheofficersofthelaw,waasimply in tbe custody of the Vigilance Committee. Taenextmorningbewasordered intocourt,andon his waythither was arrested at the suit of tbe tnate oa a charge The troops ordered by Colonel Scawcll, commanding tho of endeavoring to incite an insurrection among the Department of Texas, to Brownsville, comprising one light slaves, and was arraigned before Justices OI n and battery of Artillery and seven companies ofInfantry, have Piquet. The statute ot the State which provides been countermanded by the same officers. The command the penalty of death for the crime with which the priso- will return accordingly to their respective stations.Tbe CHAIRdecided that the point of order was not welltaken. Tbe decaiion was appealed from and tbe Chair and axe making provisions for arming and disciplining sustained—vote 21 to.20. tbe mnit!a, with sole reference to their protection and deCommissioner Davaswisr red that tbe Board ai- fence, cither in or out of the Union. Every man sees andAssistantSurgeonRichardPottshasDeenordsredto relieve Assistant Surgeon C. T. Alexander at Fort Cobb,Journ, and his motion wasl to a tempo IkeioluwWollby a vote of 21 to 19. feels that aacgera a n impending over as, and that disu- Ion tbe Bible question was nion is not only a possible but a highly probable event,The deposition was made, and already published, Or of the government of this country, by Captain John in the controversy between tbe Commodore* respeettos;1problem an lota. t!Ri " :, • iiiiil» l|»ii» iiliiiii .• ,tbe country cannot took upon disunion from tbe stand that tbe case be carried to the Superior Court, which proceed to Laredo, lexat, and form a camp la that locali- ly to tbe hands of said men, who took possesion withoutpointwax-si 1occupy. IXmencannot calmlylook upon wonldsittbolatterpartofJanuary,andthattheprisoner ty,thecommandingofficerofwhich fill cooperatewith authority,andonlybysuperiornumbersand havingtho defendantforbreachofpromisecfmarriage,aadhawas it at this distance, they ought to cease the uttsranccof he remanded te take bis trial at that time. He gave at Major Heintzelman, First Infantry, should tho latter officer advantage of being armed. I have to represent to yoar arrested and held to bail hi $8,100; in Hes of bail be de- disssIon sentiment*, and permit the public mind to settle his reasons for this motion that the present trial was require his services. honor that I consider this act as one of piracy, sad re- posited $2,500 with tbe clerk. The plaintiff recovered dowu preparatory to submission on the part of tbe South. held, in fact, by the Vigilance Committee, who alone con An extension of leave of absence for two months, has quest you to give to me and my crew the protection ofI also suggest tost n comaus-nou, to consist of two of stituud the audience, and who would hang the accused been granted to Captain R. P. Maclay, Eighth Infantry, our flic. Goa preserve you many years.Brooklyn City Sows.named stttNanw*, dtad t* asa raabtoaacs^Ma. MlOnlunv-bisstreet,oa Tuesday evening,from injuries sustainedsome days prsross snssr otreumataaoaa of a paeuliarcharacaar. It an^Art tbajt b e want to a boose in Tiffanyjudgment, and the money was paid over to ber attorney. Duringthependingoftheactionplaintiffmarried,andber husbandandherself receivedthe moneyfromtieattor- ney, and gave a receipt therefor. The next friend (an when* same the salt was originally brought) moved t o compel the attorney to pay the expenses incurred by himjusted, it will furnish cv idecce equally conclusive of theirdetermination. In either event, the people of the South»ill clearly understand what they are to expect in tbe fu-ture. Itiwill doubtless be objected to thw suggestion that miiuential citizens of Augusta. Tbe advise was takeu, itlookstodisunion. Grantit,ifyoup!<sse. Isnotthemodesofprotecting thehonorand rightsoftheirStates,SIR—It is eight o'clock in tno oveniug. Mr. Peirs CommcdortMorgan—This wasa motion to uupyiess aCalleja, the first officer of the steamer under my com deposition of Gen. Wm. Walker, on the ground of irregs-thenandthere0*theslightestshadowof suspicion count attach to bim. Mr.Crangale himself, however, arose sad oppo ed this motion. Strong in his own innocence, be v i-heti tbe trial to proceed, and did not fear the result Tbe witnesses were then called aad examined. They were Charles M'Calln, John Nellly, Allen Davy, ThomasandLieutenantM.H.Wright,OrdnanceDepartment.JOSEM.VIADEMOS*rR. &ASI3B SnuMsmi* PAJARO OKL OCSAVO,> NBW YORK, Jan. 10, 1800, /ToHraCATTIOLHTMAJESTY'SCO*STT.,New York:—JAN. 11— The United States vs. John C. H:Am\)—The eVanier bave porMned parte of the machinery, undoubt- had no longer any power ta the premises, the mooer Eoun*%feea hs wd»«r*assbs out m a state of inseasibtLUy Watkirs I>Sgb, who was commissioned to visit the Legis ever, was only hearsay. Not one of thorn knew facte which appeared on tho trial were that the prisoner, edly wtrh tbe object of throwing impediments In our way. having gone out of the attorneys hands. The motionby two men aad conveyed to his home. A wound was latare of South' Carolina at tbo time of tbe controversy anything, of his own knowledge, of the prisoner; on the 16th Jay of June last, set fire to the whale ship I bave the honor, &c JOSE M. VIADEMOSTE. discovered on his bead, which the men stated had been between that State and fte federal government. The ex not one of them hail heard him utter a single abolition Japan, near tbo Azores, and in s'gbt of thirty-tiro steps, The Ut ited States District Attorney acknowledged thewaa therefore denied.caused b y a fall on' the stove, baring |been suddenly isumoe of the Union waa then greatly imperilled, sad theseized -with n fainting fa. Tho deosssed remained in action of Virginia exerted a moat happy mfiuenae in bring-ao tow s atate thst he was unable to explain ingaboutasettlementthatavertedthedangeran1re-the cauae of the Injury. A post mortem exami- storedpeacetotheeountrt- That crisisinpublicaffairsnationwaamailsyesterdaybyorderofCoronerHor- wasalmostasBartonsandabvrmtngastbepresent Theton.bywhiobttw**saoartamedthatthevertobr.eofhis controversyhasnowreachedapointwhichdemandsa neckhadbeenfrastoredandaclotofbloodbadcollectedspeedysettlementiftbeUnionlatobesavedfromdlsso-ledgedthatbehadagreedandproposedtintthepritoaarstvtutowaswilfulburningoftbeshipwithintenttopro-ordermonitionforbillsforrepairs,&c,buth*snoau-Thesuitwasbroughtforanallegedwrongfulconverstosi upon tbo brain. Aa mweatigatian will be held today, hition. If tbe aggressions tt which wo have been sub- should be haagad, without the formnlity of trial, at (us duce her entire destrn:ti>n. Mr. Dwight appeared for thority to Interfere with her for the claim of Captain Gra- of nineteen head of cattle on the 21st of November bast. when anaflnoniin the cans wiU probably be divulged. jected for so many years ar* to be repeated, if mutual time of his arrest, upon tbe lamp post opposite tbe United the United States. The jury, after an absence of half an ham. On Monday night, when MirehalBynders was pro It was alleged by plaintiff that on that day the defendantslavery, and none of them knew anything abouthim, took place between decks In the afternoon, and burnt good,badorindifferent. Theonlyevidenceofanymo- 8CTO<%runningrigging,harpoonpoles,andtbeceilingofand statrd that be wonld be happy to confer with him forOti nrrti'i p a' tbe r< ;<'. bis coat and vetse, which theTbe particulars of thia case were published in yester-The ( herlqol (iax«t Gr»T««—Saval R e . of my |,r-e,»«-;W.rs haft Uk--<i U(>t»n him*»lf trio rt.iti-* I'.o.. i.-u: < oj"iiu upon me. Wnetbor the Uuioa;sh*Usu- eo»ni«i«e had iafct« i'-»»'"«», weia twolucd, but the day's HsuAu>. Tbe following is an epitome of the evidence to bave been committed on the *Kh of Onoser, andport*.ThesteamshipNorthStar,CaptainJones,whichleftAspinwallontheafternoo-i4tne•*• inetaat,arrivedatanorr».j«.i••ibi.tiesot ttte ofli.-^umjer Ui•ni-ue oircum staicca Tne 1/gtttature and ihe ;*optc er.'"<-t from roe, tbfrvtote.»tiex|n-*t«eH>iiofmyviw*iifionttawabsirb-ng q'if-«»K>»of»hedayaim?<.ni-B'ipg»uonsImkiugl*»toeVIVBor per>b ttisnevertheless your "tntytoplacetie Maieinsuchacondition ttiat*bewill beprepared stalltin'-.aft>up.ntneshortestnotice,toprotectbrof the principal witnessee:— thefirstwitnessexaminedwasplaintiff(MadameJuliaalthoughthejury renderedaverdictofga.lty, the Quart suspendedjudgment,astherewave mit%*j*)g»*ffr*g stancesinthecase,andaathecomplainant wasdestronagers from California.H«r •>««• m nonewhat later than thlt brought by theAtlaO'k-, bwt i« note* great tntereet.The purser of abo North Star turoiabcs the followingreport:— OntoeoutwardpassagetorNorthStarleftNewYorkon jath of December, at 2 P, M ; bad rough weather first twenty-four hoora set; afterward* more moderate.qmllity,pri-mote theg»t»e«a»welfare,ao'tToSiret'wi c«injection.1suKfretthat munition*ofwarbeprocured b.tr*in|* ui kberty to owsslvee nu.i oar t>ustorit> *' Ta-*y awl provisions ma •<> for ibe oiganization of an efilsieat construrtMl It with rnfereuse to these deairioie otijacts; tiiiirary M»fl. jt would be well also to apecifv ia the law an't.asmghAbave been etoectou, union, h»rra Hiy aad the number oi aids to which tne Governor is entitieii, and.here- b"th«rLi*M exist-sd b«twetn the dliferent sec- oetignstetlwir rack. I cordtally approve the bill 'tions,lawandorderperverted,justi<v«nIrigtitawithsent,fortlieorganiEatienofabrigadeofminuteevidence;butIstUibeiieyeyouareanabolitionist,aGol f d aliolitionisV awl you h** b-ttor confess it. Y ou •re," be cotiMnueo, *ta tool, a G»d d ^ root Have nctyour frirpes told y o i se» Do yoti not know it your- self?" H* then ordered him to open hi* v*!tse. declanng tliatrrar.ithingwaSfoundIDitti>couviothira,therewere enot'rb ofthe - bo>f" r»re*«'t!t tost-ing'h'm'to T oe orl son. i- ar first refuwd to «b*y trils order Tn*! vabse and tbe-key*, he said, had bfen out of hi* pos»»sslon for twoherhouse,inBroomestreet,where.***hadboarders.and rORGKSTIS TBISSCOXPMOMK.represented that a* tbey took a house together be eoold.ln The most of tbe dsy was oxspted t* trying a Mtwo or three yeara, make plenty of minoy and retire; she man named Stephen Sallivaa, who was joiouy charged declined enter ii g into tiiearraugemrtnt without first con-sulting ner trustee, Mr. Richer* Beed; Maiding took nor with Patrick Muliooae with forgery in the a e o a l degree,toseehertn.au.-elaaboutaweekafter,audtie(Mr. lahavingInMpposses****Mcounter**!tnUssHthfcV'ande«fab..-1,<-J t>yourf»'tiers,w»^de»y»f;d "tofum 't »(;'.;ii*,tall«K-Mill'sTitb-reueniies. WithtDi8view,Ir-tbif »i,d. I am i>M-;(n,-,-,i to do all that honor, duty andLakooska). Shetestifiedthatshefirstbecameacquainted more n i u c ' ntson Cl^t»b:l|lil.!«.suc•,• injure')OTW)*ti;t-aa- < "tiiirt nd a c m tul revision ot the mili'i* law; and in this to the prisoner, "a..potted V"U aimolv for want of dentistry for her; in a couple of weeks after he called atthis port yesterday evening, with tne mail* and passes fi.lure ,! .-r i.aiiintioii >•: lli<- I'n-i«l states asoidain*.! brt«r,«i tend hvr nghie asd unmutn her inatauttons thnan refnsert t» i. -•'• him. "ibave," ho sail, wuh Fiewisg ia January, 1847, at which time he did some to have him dischargedwere rcs^cte',tberigbta of personsantproortrtywere fully recognized, and each State was p-rrn tiedto regulate its oomeatie matitutioo? witbuut laterferenc^1 r. m citizens of other Suua Contldeaoe an l frateraal ble consideration, and urge that liberal appropriations bo days; he did not know what might have been put m theBeed) consented to the agreement; a definite srraoge-uii nt was niaae with ItoMkaff about going intoand thanng tbe proilta; accordingly a nooae—184 Spristreet—was rented for one year; Mr. Reed made tbe ar- 16th of November upon Patrick Lo&ran, 6 W :n.i'i..preparedbyaireutiemauremarkab>t«torhisintriii- *' nee, milicarr knowledge and experience; aad anally I recuini* nd tbe Virginia Military institute to your favora-Fbilllpaburg Bank of New leisey with intent W 4tte+ nnst" defraud. He passed worrbJe** but* on tbe i ~~~and always supposed that they were to share U,.- pro!!; t. amount in adding np tbe items. It is all he has gained t > I'elding never denied the partnership, although charedLaue voted twice in the Eleventh ward, a t t h e charter election in 1868, but before the case was finished it waa abandoned by tbe Dutrict Attorney, aad th* jury renlor-carry to the credit of his account against Messrs. Gray & Turley.upon him.Another Gang of Counterfeiters I'p In Michigan*Brokenkooska,alias Mrs.Paul,for seven oreightyears:sawThe Court did not adjourn till after five o'clock, the Cttf Judge refusingto adjourn before the calendar was ex- hausted.JAH. 10—Tbe trial of George and Stephen O'S ilHvan ,charged with assaulting officer Pierce, of the Ninth pre-cinct, which was commenced yesterday afternoon, warnresumed this morning, and resulted in tbe acquittal of tbeaccused. The story of the complainant andnbrother of-Fielding for the first time atthe honse of the plaintiff, in ABKKST OT K1NB BOGCS COIN MAKERS AND DEALERS— Broome street; called on him in reference to the proposed[From the Detroit Free Press, Jan. 10 ]There seems to b e no end to the organizations that exist in the various parts of this State for tbe manufacture ofcively threw up his case, after delaying it for several gang, was captured at Ann Arbor. 'in her; was Fielding's friend also, when be found their in-months, and be at length carried his auit through, and Tbe large amount of bogus coin in circulation through- terest was one; believed the agreement to be bonafiie andorganizefortheyear.Outofthefortyfourmemberspeopleheldnosympathy,andwhoent°rt»lnedbroughtittoasuccessfulissuebyactingashisowncoun-outJacksoncountyattractedtheattentionoftheUnitedforlife. them.no principles and doctrines in common with them on : A. But even here was not an end to the legal obstacles States ofilcers some time since, and means were a t once Edward Fielding, the defendant, being sworn, sad:—1 In the afternoon the Grand Jury earns into court with ootnpoeing thj Board forty two were present, together these questions. It is readily and cheerfully conceded that in the way ofjustice. With the judgments in hie hand he taken to detect the source from which it emanated. A made the acquaintance of tbe plaintiff at my office in a huge batch of indictments, to which the prisoners at aSavannah,butcould find none whowonld executetho movementsnoted,acoursewhichsoonrevealedthemint, told me that she wasgoing to takealargehouseanddutiesoftheirofficeagainstawellknown,Influential,and and, in procetsof timo, brought to lighttheoperators. wantedtogetafewniceyoungmenboarders,andthatifIwealthy house, to behalf of a poor and friendless Irish- The&e embrace men of various positions in life and of va- wished to make a permanent arrangement for a year sheman He appealed to the Solicitor General. Julian Hart- rious degrees of respectability. It was ascertained who would gtve me a choice of locality; I agreed to pay herCatharine Thompson, charged with a similar oftteos— Tbe ek^lios of a Clerk was the next business disposed EUttidonorth* United State*. They construe it to tbe find officer* wbo would serve the judgment of the Court Collar, John Critchett, Miss Rogers, Joaias C. Purdy, produced receipts for three months rent); first beard of she having etolen s gold watch wortb $100 from Henryof. Tbo*. Boecs receiving forty votes on too llrst ballot, pr^udlee Of the honor, rights and Institution* of tbebf Southern brethren. They insist that t h e constitutionblJ sleetiou wao also declared unanimous. '» autnotines the adoption o ' measures for the exclusion orCommissioner GKKKNmoved that the Hoard sdttW fa»n*l slsyery from tbe Territories, tbe common property a rfom. In the course of tho evening be Was wattedGeorge Snow, 8 Ketchum,Ebeneior Farnham and Johnt.il.r.cy. The first seven were taken at Jackson andto that vicinity, and placed in th* Jackson connty jail, and arrested; 1merely claimed a right In the house, but never tempt at larceny. A? she saved the Court the trouble of the last named at Ann Arbor, on Sunday, and placed in mentioned tbe word partnership (a paper was here read <• trial, tbe Crry Judge imposed s hghter penalty than h s the Washtenaw county jail.against them. On his arrival he went to tbe Unitedupon by a man, calling himself John NmUy, who invited Lim oat upon to* sstewojk in front at tne hotol, asm them said to him. that, understanding him to be an abolitionist, be, Noilly, oa behalf of ttt* Vigilance Oommittee, directed him to leave town immediately. Mr. Crangale at once re-partnership when arrested: I did not admit the partner- P. Pnrver while in her company in a saloon corner mState Hotel, kept by Messrs. Dobey A Masher, and tookship-plaintiff first claimed to b e my partner after I wasBroom* street and Broadway—pleaded guilty to an at-fused to act on tma order. He was there, h» said, for tho great Morurju leader, Strang, at Beaver Island. At tbereturu to tbe barroom of the hotel, where he presently re- lated the summons that had been nerved upon him, andpassing the tw,-"is sio.trHarrison C..i.r i- a yiung man, whoss antecedents areslight against tho accused, and the jury rendered a ver- dict of not guilty.Samuel Graham is a middle aged man, Who had hereto- fure maintained a considerable show of respectability. He was formerly a Mormon preacher, associate 1 with the•gl O * ^WJS>L*JS>CSVV •ted, tbe evidence failing to substantiate tbe complaint Alexander McGraham w a s tried for stealing a watch,JAMURT 11flltar* Chief JiticnBassrarth.JWMI Va Kootka a*. AhnsraT if. JfeUfcy —JAH.rangement ia his own name wit* Mrs. Huris.tbe land now, and other parties. The jury, after dsUbe rating for nJDHN' LETCHER. tow, and hold bim responsible whom hs had In his money for rent, bnt not enough, aa be put what be made room, when the property waa recovered. A s the *vi- power. A new committal was made oak, and Mr. into tbe business', in January, 1868, n disagreement arose; dsnos again** her was positive, ate very prudently savedMr. James Craniate is by birth an Irishman, educated Tuinkey'sfce •to tbe law, wbo emigrated to this country about two aud a half years* since. Being under a necessity of earning a livelihood, be made an engagement soon after his arrival ic this city to go as clerk into the establishment of Messrs Gray * Turley, dry goods merchants of Savan- nah and Augusta After a brief stay In t h e former place, In the employment of Messrs. Gray &Turley,he was sent by them to the establishment at Augusta, when they refused to retain him longer in their ser- vice. He returned t* Savannah, where he soon obtained the place of deputy clerk to the Court of Ordinary of Chat- bam county, Ga. Since that time he has lived Quietly, un- obtrusivelyandinoffensively, busywiththedutiesofhis office and in qualifying himself to be admitted to the bar. With the subject of slavery he never meddled, and never in any way expressed an opinion to regard to tt.Feeling, however, that he had been unjustly dealt with by Mcsi>r3.G-ay &Turley, who had induced him to goto die South, and had then broken the engagement between them without regard to the consequences that might en-'A suit, before the Court., to ilay, involving the right of5reseat posset*ion to the wharf of the old United States lative and judicial authority of the nou alaveholdiflg sue to bim, a stranger and friendless in a strange land, he bogns coin. Within a few months the gangs a. Lexington, stock; Fielding occupied the par tor, a shop to the yard,MR. JAMBSCRANGAIJE.To Richmond County Jail, Forthreedays'board,onself,at50oentsfi< of th- ini'ibt, and It-1ti-r : 't;> sir* no mor- To* tcbusiness, end bad also purchased shirts, boots an i other »l50 articlesofdressforbim Heneverpaidherboardmouey. 1 2 0 Dor waa there any agreement that he should pay ncwum 11 58 sum per week. She received a few dollarsfrom hira wu -o 1 25 they stopped ttking boarders, for marketing n r >>*s. He invested tbe money in stocks and in bank. When siie$15 83 bad paid out uli she bad, he put her out of the hoi*?.Pr.peiiy tie.k v *-•>Silif'' W; 1!oaitni«*id pro'.ua>th* t\*icu,butbefailed to :©si. Mr.Doyle, toe A*«8taat Ivii ,i( Ait 'rn.i, lo-jk i rei- ".a to i/bvrve thlt ttie prose- rul'.ng i tfcera aVi-ie S'.-hjecti d to B;'>re nauoyaiico from rvkiio* i"ffl€vrs, who wire i-:nd by tlie public to atteui a t Court, th»n any otusr clo»i of witnesses. Judge Russell r< ;•].'•' t: ut if he Sound uoy officer violating * subpoena of the Courtjic- would punisb him severely. •ALLSbao ILUUAJ. volute.ILe nest case tried was a charge of Illegal voting, pro-Dr.Charles Hormsn testified that he knew Madame TA ed a verdict of "Not Guilty."flelalnf): this w a s before s pretended assault In March,I w ; I took the parlor as an operating room afterMay, and any other room I wanted, and she never committing an assaitt and battery upon Charlotte Kors), demurred; she agreed to remove in May, 1858, and did of H I Clinton street, on the 17th" of October, was acjult-accomplice with Critchett in the manufacture..Tosiaa C. Purdy is a pers >n about thirty five years of ag»>. who has always heretofore sustained an excellent re-putation, ami has made for himself many warm friends. it brought to lifrht no new facts After the summing up She havirg returned the property.ja'k-on. and was quite popular with the frequenters ofThe Justice reserved his decision.that the slaves would be justified in rising against theirmusters; that tbe people of the North would be justifiedin putting arms into the hands of tho slaves; that lbspeople of Massachusetts werejustiiied in aiaing and arm- duciions. He was arrested wbilo in attendance upon steamer Pajaro del Oceano, of Havana, and just repaired having entered the dwelling house of William Rhtne-LieutenantJ.H.Sill, Ordnauceiiepartmeut,isassignedtake placo the next day, and advis-M hint lieutenant II. A. Hascall, Fourth Artillery, is directedto send lor and engage as his counsel Col. dimming, to report for duty at the Military Academy, West Point. questing yon will direct that prompt proceedings be forth rotate prison. Hughes is well known to tbe police and hasa well known lawyer, aud oue of tbe tn< st resectable andwith instituted to remove the num who have unlawfully lieutenant C. A. Turnbull, Topographical Engineers, taken possession of said steamer, and roatorc her to thethe reputation of be;ng a notorious burgular.PhillipKampawastriedforperpetratingafekmeonsas- sault upon Augusta Barabi, by stabbing ber with a knife and acquitted. — « w ,C o m m o n P l a Before Hon. Judge Hilton.Jan. 11.—Cans. J. McDonald vs. C. K. GarrtoMi nsnf {andCol.Cummmgappliedto.Hecalledthatevening, and, after listening to Mr. Crangale'a statement, te his honor be it said, consented to defend the case.co\rondutyatWestPoint,willberelievedanddirected to report for further orders to the chief of his corpsat Washington.aforesaidCaptainViademouteandereif. lamveryres-Assistant Surgeon |N. S. Crowell has been ordered to repair to San Francisco, Cal , and report for duty to tho commander of the Department of California.Graham, wbo, with the men under bis orders, fore 4 m y tbe Nicaragua routs. Motion denied.without having ad- and at no distant day. When these things are so, surely ner was charged was read, when Col. Cumming moved Companies C, D and F , Eighth Infantry, aro direct>1 to ofilcers and crew to leave tbe ship, abandoning her entire- A BREACH OP MARKIAi.E PROMISE.S t a t e aBefore Bon. Judge Belts.U n i t e dCHARGE OF BURNINO A 8HIF AT SEA.opinion, or any opinion whatever upon tbe subject of for itie alleged purpose o ' getting homo again Tho are receipt of the cammunicition from tbe Spanish Cmsal,S u p r e m e C o u r t — r h a m b e n ,Before Hon. Judge Leonard.JAN. 11—Sasnu'l D. Haring r.«. Joteph Siuutnam.—1tbo purpose of deforming whether the laws and trettias mentwasthatofHughes,whoteatidedonaeross-exatniuA- theneckabove,and tbe defendant admittedtotwoper- oftheUnitedStatesauthorizehimtotakeanystopsinthewasamotiontodischargeanorderofarrest,uponwhich tbedefendanthadbeenheldtobailinthesnmof$1,000.i.onthatAndrewGraybadpointedouttheprisonerio sonsthathesettheshipon fire. Mr.Ridgeway,forthe matter v htmasaaabolitionist;andthatofNeiily,whoacknow- prisoner,contendedthattheoffence contemplatedbythe ItappearsthatMarshalRyndersholdstheOceanBirdCbuntyOrcuJtConrt.Jan. l i —Koa.r» *• U»l,l«t,ii lOo.lOT,109,111,«. Beserved bythoablestandmostdiafnguished leaderofthere-nib commonsensehithertounheard of under such eircua- indictmentbowsaarrestedanlheldtobailinthesumof prnsaasionof her. Marahal Rjnd*t*7not bavinssnv th*orderwosld.behonored,theplaintifftookthesameiuC i r c u i tC o u r t .LATE TO THB tTHTEI) STATES DISTRICT ATTOR-CON'SIL.UL: OF SPAIN. ) NKW YOKK, Ian lo. 1890 |Lawrence Rellly and Thomas M^Aleer were placed o n trial for burglary, tbey having on the night of th e 5th o f liecember. entered tbe premises of Bartholomew fikateo.translated copies of two remonstrances addressed to me by Don Jose M. Viademocte (captaiu of the SpanishWilliam Hughes, alias Cochrane, was tried for burglarypectfully, sir, your obedient servant, FRANCISCO srOUGHTON,Her Catholic Majesty's Consul.SPAN-tsn SrsAnaniH O E.IV BIRD, \ NEWYORK,Jan9,l«t«) / To THS COSSTLOF HEE CATHOUC MAJBSTI , Vew York —*mand, informs me that this afternoon forcible possession lsrity was taken of the ship without any authority, either civilWdhba that be bad a claim on the vesaela^nd^a^'hoUlthis naorniagwas achargeofassaultandbattery, preferred againstWaa. B. Gorman by Andrew Irvtag. roe aasaj't wat atb-geda s ^T'S^F* Kxcsavsa AOQuinnu. Edward Morrta, keeper of a seoond hand clothingCorneHus B. Huteart, placed on trial, cbarjed wttltEither Leopold tt. Morris Meyer.—.The plaintiff sued t h sPuruy, in Washington Market Upon th* assurance tfesi ined b y the South^ th for a moment T am now. and have everto the Union of the States. Iver been, s friend I toredperty against incendiaries. But the innocent, he declaHOvalue, ardently I pa!hn..t,i not be accused and subjected to pemacutton.VI.* --*UaIill,www.fultonhistory.comThoimasM. T309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rynisk 