 •Ot»u o at<>na»»nt ofs.AcIa.DDR-way.ti.>n «T SttttoaGonti-kc,fee.•olidity I. -;uus—An enthusiastic ratification 'meeting washeld at honor of jersonal intercourse1 will bear me out in say- The foreman of the Jury, in answer to the usual in- Oberlin, Ohio, on Tuesday evening, at which the ven-a to• d w * ydidates might have endangered the success of the cause weallhavesomuch at heart. Godforbid that my nomimu ion or that of any other man should imperii t h e t r i u m p h o f R e p u b l i c a n p r i n c i p l e s ! T h o s e p r i n c i -highest position in-the gift of the Republic, w e take^lhe citizen of Illinois. [Cheers.] W e take him because theunitedaffection homeforhimbyallclassesofpeo- p l e i n h i s o w n s e c t i o n i s a p r o o f o f h i s w o r t h ; a n d w e will give hiur, in season and out of season, our hearti-with great clearness, andhasafinecommandoflan- Si a g e . . H e c o m m e n c e d b y a r e v i e w o f t h e p o i n t s M r . ouglas had made. In this he showed great tact, andClubs fla>e been formed both here and at Niagara, Falls, ahp all is enthusiasm., W e have almost daily accessions to our ranks. This has always been ai c d<lar*-Depend upon it " Honest Old Abe " will cut a clean swath through this State. I am sure of it, if anything may be inferred from present doings. MORKIS.—The Baltimore Patriot is too respectable to adopt the system of wholesale slander and abuse, which is# •Stchim and Douglasr and admired the sharpness of his ples are dearer to me than all merely personal, consid- est support, untjil he shall represent the American peo- '.'They must be defeated at all hazards.".. " A thor- his retorts, though gentlemanly, were sharp, and Democratic town, and I assure you we have ' rails' toIANO* -ELAAJVmd-«t-Maaaof tori*.ipenarrwtaii.— Mana- U pcrri-4tuiof»o-4. faflr^ -UitT,withor *22St J-w«4ry. Platedd i oor-'BAB-bout O* «ao«o4 JOS. Xw»IHI pctoeo. %} •www- 'rtaienti <uidits under* ay yean,them,andassaulted thevaunted impregnabilitiesof 2nssmartadversary. That contest,conductedonMr. j Lincoln's part with such discreetness, sound sense andinated,myprincipleswere,andthattheyhavesotrue andsofaithful arepresentative in the comingcontest as Abraham Lincoln of Illinois.The doctrines of the Republican party are about togavebutlittletimetothesubjectofreview,wedidi Co—ssoiw.rod. Kr>id'«>dbuWirtkfc.A. Wot-i« rouritry rra a lose ©rtant lift- th*t wmMf ir.n W««4 M> pO«ttiOK i«!a«t-dX artist* aa4,ptactlooByrang »bo*0tooof *•aoro OT**. *tr©aii*>* |i,St#i«nr*r of atedlse!•us.STES, <*CoxretpoDdosco of The N. Y. Tribono. ROCHESTER,May25,18C0.can candidates. While laboring zealously for the Union party,itfranklypaysatributetothechosenleadersof the Republicans. In an article upon the fives and char- acters of Lincoln and Hamlin, it uses the following language:and expand until the whole country is leavened." —At the meeting of the Democratic State Committee of Massachusetts, already alluded to, the Douglas men did not succeed in obtaining the open (indorsement ofjewelfer] who had presumed to ask her to return hisrEroperty, wasseized with thesudden resolution to' ave jnpthing more to do with so vulgar, iil-man- neredjjlan individual. Henceforth she would -r&seemed to impale the prisoner beyond the possibility ofextrication. The counsel for the.' defense propounded cleaving to tho political weathercock, that they may- have the first inklings of a change in the atmosphere ofA£JD.candidate, and vainly endeavoring to depreciate his personal qualities. They ridicule the carrying of rails and other indications of a 'hard cider' campaign, and mourn with crocodile tears at what they are pleased to designate as the slaughter of Seward.: But these demonstrations which, underothercircumstances,mightbecalledex- travagant, a r e in this instance a spontaneous upheaving ofthegreatpopularhearthifavor ofamanwhobears the symbolic cognomen of ' Honest *Old Abe it .is the antithesis of his position to his origin that wakens-H«aiihy»h«r», aa»d to arranged**OKfc,lootfro** for •»***FELLOW-CITIZENS: I thank you for.the privilege which you. have accorded me to-night of presiding at the.inauguration of whatJ trust will bea newerain the history of the United States. [Applause.] It is a pleasuremidanhonorofwhichIoranyothercitizen maywellbeproud,[Avoice—Itisso.JButyouwill understand, gentleman, that that privilege does not ac- cord-to me the still higher privilege of trespassing uponbut few questions, and those of a character which ex parties, and be ahead of all others on the lists of the~i*>.,iViA • •• ••.,;•SOLLTICAX ^lIlGEHCE.aeeembled«l*aayofthecampaignmeetings last Fall, IOdL But4herehavetheynotgonet 1$youtakethe of ther perjurer BOIhorrid and ghastly that fested theenthusiasm souniversal aBoyertheStat©.character are jnstaa different from those of JE&rriaHE and'llyloT'MNapoleon L wasdifferentfrom Thomas SaycMjtbebeatenpugilist. ThisdifferencetheRepub-^^^^7, rinthesamedirection. • —The editor of The Huntsvillc;.Weadroit>^ewerete-iteu bysurpriseatthesuddenamanlystatesmanlikespeech*HoindorsedtheChi- Jonwillnidthemthere;orifyouascendintotho andashusbandsofwiveswhomighthowidowed,to.(Ala.) Independent makes t h e statement that t h e Democracy of Alabama^wMORRIST^WS,N.J.,May24,I860.igher and more etherial regions, y o u will find someadventuro' is spirit ready to pour upon you the ballast yield to no previous impressions, no ill-founded preju- from his1alloon. Still we are happy toknow that dice,buttodo his clientjustice; andashealludedto•''ggg • 'I •!•»»•>.0turnoftl^gg^tkeChicagoConvention. OarState**?»«***eaat two Kftpubaeane who could command a•$£&$ vote for President—Dayton and Pennington, fore the people1 for a verdict with no misgivings as towhereverhesonsofMassachusettsare,theyarcen- thedebtofgratitudewhichheowedtheboy'ssire, BaltimoretwoDemocraticticketswillbeplacedinthegaged in g iod -jworks, in the advocacy of truth, and tears were seen to fall from many eyes unused to weep. field, one composed of Douglas electors and the otherrighteousn iss, and that they still remember the ancient It was near night when he concluded by saying that, ifCommonwealth that gave them birth. [Very loud justice were done—as he believed it would be—before favoring the nominees of the seceding Richmond Con- has been nominated. But Mr. Donglas, who know*-We, as all the world knowsv are a Conservative State;and to make people more cautions, w e are divided intothree parties. Even op in. the country these partiesare asdistinctly defined as in thecity. The Democratsclaimtohave a pluralityin the popular vote,andof accountofthecourseof hisaction intheConvention.(meetunreasonable,inmyopinion)Idonotapologize. tionasthelawfortheStatedelegation,andsoregard-Transcript, the President of a College in Hlinois,described Lincoln's, debate with Douglas at Salisbury,111.. That paper now republishes extracts from thedescription. After stating the reception of the rival him. jjHe is a man who believes the denial of one'spowertothepartyopposedtoSlaveryExtension,as fostered by the Democratic party.The nomination of Lincoln and Hamlin lias taken ourpeopleagreeablyaback. Thousandsofoarvoters f o l l o w e d t h e l a t e r o m a n t i c c o n f l i c t i n I l l i n o i s b e t w e e nvocatedformanyyears,anditsdeclarationsstillmeet sentativeofNew-Englandprinciplesforwhichandfor with my cordial concurrence. whom w e will give a united and hearty support. A ndIt has been said that the nomination of certain can- as the representative of the Republican cause for theforpiovingtheHon.Mr.R.'sjearnestdevotiontothe principles of that party which, is likely to be the strongest.—T/«?Chronicle andSentinel ofAugusta,Ga.,thinks that the first step toward saving the Union is to pro- scribe and overwhelm the Douglasites in the South.snpporterswithhope.•Mr.Lincolnisatall,lankman, —A!»0)rrespondent writesfromSuspensionBridge, awkward, apparently diffident, and when not speaking,has neither firmness in his countenance nor fire in his as felloes:eye. * , , * * * have commenced the good work in real earnest" Mr.Lincoln has'a rich, silvery voice, enunciates here, fyefng satisfied it is not labor lost. RepublicanAmericanpeople. They and those who have advo-* State. N o one knows anything to his prejudice; all cated them have heretofore been persistently misrepre- rouLd of cheering followed.]|know manythingsinbisfavor—hisparentage,,pov-sented; butlet me say that even the. Slaveholaing•<^i^^;- ••aaaa.*••-'•CSKO platform and the nominees, and pledged his un- dividedsupport to thegallantleadership of Abraham Lincoln. Ihoprinciplesofthoplatformareconsti- tutional, national and consorvativo. On it w e go be-aye;much divided—that ifDouglas is nominated atthe result.Gov. Dennison waswarmly and loudly applauded, closing his speech by introducing to the mass Willard Warner, our delegate to Chicago.leaders of h e cause of the people of this country. It is the day. Half an hour had not elapsed, when, as thewelltobesaidjforeveryman' that is-hopeful forhis officersoftheCourt and thevolunteerattorneysatat .Unioncandidate,willgeta sufficiencytogive himthohe has had somewhat better opportunities of forming a~ correctjjudgment of our candidate than they have, and, itwillhardlybedeniedthatheisfullyascompetenttoMr. Warner took the stand amid cheers, and gave ancountry,ttatmidasaddaywhenthemenofgreatcar the tea-table of.their hotel,a messenger announced StateintheElectoralcollege.pacity—th 9 natural leaders of a good cause are not re- that the Jury had returned to their seats. All repaired , —The Leavenworth (Kansas)- Daily Times asserts judge correctly as they are. /ft says Mr. Lincoln isipearnncb had subsided, he spoke substantially as fol- lows:lancoln's loyalty to Republican principles, and to the Atlas\and Argus I entrance<fdelegationspreventedtheconclusionorthefromtheaffectingscene.Asjlcastaglancebehind,I'caueeoffreedomandhumanity,wasunquestionable,).jn$(h< •>-;=; x ti• •'••)' •,;•:• "Xit •j../*- i/';'.':'$-..-4-ircsijpi—ppwaw— •ir '•">>.••.....' ' *''•,'' •V.;*,.*.;./,,•>1T-" *.HtfJthe accuser could sit under it no longer, but reeled and gatheredatthewestern front of&eCapitol atabout, ^wg^J fe^^ft'^S?:? •S v?^ ??.B?? T? staggered from tho Court-room, while the audiencetheearth,herearethecitizensof;Massachusetts. If8'o\&>ck> and organized into a mighty meeting^y youpenetratothedepthsof theoc/jan forthepurpose fanciedtheycouldseethebranduponhisbrow. Then^«fSSlCAGONOMINATIONS electingGov.DennieonPwaiden*,^whow*^intro- ofpavingtheiwayforthelightningof.thetelegraph, inwordsofthrillingpathos,Lmcolnappealedtothe duced to his fellow-citizens b y Mr. Bascoro^ ^ d made jurorB as fathers of sons who might become fatherless,The Wabash region is going to give a glorious accountofitselfthisfall. OtherplacesinIndiana;aremoving licansmustmakeup,anditisjustasprobablethati m€f I^TAM '-jriasFTW HA-W5IK; ,,k„ ,«»-«j.•1 e m 8egation of this Commonwealth with whom I have thei n g t h a t i t w a s j m y d e s i r e , o n t h e p a r t o f t h e r e p r e s e n t -ation of t lis State, that he should receive the nomina-tion. Bu^gejntlemen, though I would join in the son,wholiftedherup,andtold hertolookuponhimcircle of the immense crowd, too far removed to hearwhatwasgoingon,setupashoutforChase,anda.recognitioiofthejustrightsofotherStates—of Ohio asbefore—freeandinnocent! Then,withthewords,"WhiletheywerebothinCongresstheybecamein- timatelyacquainted—boardingatthesamehouse,andprofesses-t osentence. | After thesubsidence of the cheering, Mr. sawAbraham Lmcoln obeying the divine injunction, MY FELLOW-CITIZENS: In this mighty gathering Banks res amed]: I have also to express my approval by comforting the widowea and the fatherless..j D.ndbeyond suspicion. —^Tu'/Pittsburgh Journal, giving two good rea-'• After the nomination of Mr. Lincoln, many dele- sons w l y it likes Lmcoln, says that he stands boldlygateswhoweregoingtovisitthenextPresidentrer- outaaft)iechampionofRepublicanideasandprinci- quested Mr. Giddings to write a letter to that individ- ples, tend not as their apologist; that w e have in theGOV. CHASE'S SPEECH.and in this all-pervading enthusiasm I see the issue of of the plaiformof principles adopted'by the Conven- thecampaign. Themannerinwhichyouandyour tion. ItisahearnestprotestagainsttheextensionofnominationsmadeatChicagoisasurepresageofsuc- andtheri?htsoffreelabor,andadevelopmentofthe thefriendsoftheHon.HenryJ.Raymond,animated, interests cf the whole country. [The. immense pres- no doubt, by the sympathies ^f youth, are engaged inual. H e consented, and immediately wrote a note, in substance as follows:Thank f eaven, Lincoln is nOt one of that stamp. Buty —In the Pall of 1858 a correspondent of The Boston second, |there is a specific reason w h y Republicaniscess, and I congratulate you upon the cheering pros- sure of tho crowd here caused some disturbance, duringpects before us. The connection of ray own name in which thr se"cheers were given for Lincoln]. I have,, preparing for his election to ;he U. S. Senate .im thepartyTM >o many pohticians w h o deem it necessary t a enter'|o|i the docket thepoints in their political fafth,. and se'tlbver against them the reasons therefor, with apologies annexed; and it thus continues:the National Convention with the nomination for the place of Mr. Seward, whose term expires in March Presidency renders it proper that I should say that I fellow-citi sensj' also, the pleasure of expressing mywasplacedinthatattitudebytheactionoftheRe- approval<fthefdenunciationoftherevivaloftheAfrican rext,andwhohasdeclaredhispurposetoretire. Our"DBAK LINCOLN: You'rdnomlnatfld. Y ou "wir-L BE ELECTED.After your election, thousands will crowd around y o u , claimingrewards for serviced rendered. I, too, have m y claim« upon you.I have not worked for your nomination, nor for that of any otherman. Ihavelaboredfortheertablinhmentofprinciples;andwhen men came to me asking my opinion of you, I only toldthem, 'Lincoln is anhonest man.' All I ask of you in returnfor my services'la,make my ttatement good throughout your wear overalls, to cover up the real suit beneath! Adminstration. Yours, GIDDINGS."slave-trad Jwitjh which the country is threatened..! havetheirState Convention presentedmy nametotheRe- toexpressmyselfinapprovalhere,inyourpresence,of subject offorwarding Mr.Raymond's aspirationsby" w i wonders that our party has suffered defeat} underjislch menwhowear their opinionsas workmenvpublicans of Ohio, a very large majority of whom ininfoimant wasapproached some sixweeks ago on thepublicans of the Union as their choice for the Presi- the declaritionjin favor of the recognition inviolate of every State to manage its own sovereign affairs.' [Greatsecuring the choice of members of the Legislature whowouldgoforhim. ItisunderstoodthatMr.R.went ingit,hadexpectedofitthesameunitvofactionthat depthsofmyheart.1approvethe.selectionofLincoln toCHcagoinorder.notonlyto employhisownpow-It % only the fact that there is such a prejudice which characterized the course of the New-Xork delegation and Hamlin [jimmense cheering followed this declara-would have given the vote of this State to his asyet in the support of Mr. Seward, of the Illinois delega- tion] as the standard-bearers of ourparty in 1860,and erfulinfluence toward Mr. Seward's expected nomina-I trust our successful standard-bearers. Of the latter tion, but also to signalize his own return to the bosom nameless opponent, had Mr. Seward been nominated at tion in the support of Mr. Lincoln, and of the Penn- (Mr- Hamlin) llet me say that he is our friend and ourChicago. "Notwithstanding this, it is also fair to say sylvania delegation in support of Mr. Cameron,, under of the Republican party by ian elaborate speech in champions, the writer continues: faith tOibe a far greater calamity than defeat. In fact, similarinstructions. Butwiththefinalchoiceofthe neighbor; thatwehaveknownhimfromouryouth favoiofthatgentlemansosoonashehadbeennomi- itw£dex|it—thedefeatofthecowardwholiesdowntherearehundredswhosaytheywouldratherhave ChicagoConventionlamentirelysatisfied;withits up;thatwehavefollowedhiscareerwithpridefrom "Themenareentirelydissimilar.. Mr.DouglasisafoughtoutthiscampaignunderSeward,evenifdefeat- declarationofprinciplesIamsatisfied.Everyprin- hisearlytohis(maturemanhood;andthatmhimwe natedasacandidate.Thisplanhaving,unfortunately,..thick-set,finely-built,courageousman,andhasauair before|jtrikingablow,anobjectofcontempttoall; ed, because such a contest would have added moral ciple in that platform I have publicly avowed and ad- of Massachusetts. and of New-England have a repre- failed, some other brilliant scheme may be'expected of self-confidence that does not a little to inspire his men a M of pity to the gods." '.,'political opinions, the ability with' whieh he defended erations, and I rejoice that, although I wasnot nom- ple in the Presidential _ chair of the United States.oughroutofthissmallfaction,byaunionofallthose.reached to the core the subject in dispute. While he split here between now and next November; but with'Hone'tftipldAbe'forboss,weshallexecutethework ina manner that will surprise the 'natives.' The Democrats are taken completely back by the nomina- tions atl Chicago, and it is amusing to see the gush of crocodile1stears. Youmaylookforapileof'rails'ixx1patriotism,wonhimhostsoffriendsinallpartsofthis receivea,triumphant vindication atthehandsoftheonly words which reached the reporter's ear after this"He then proceeded to defend the Republican party.HerehechargedMr.Douglas with doingnothingforFreedom; with disregarding the rights and interests Niagara next November." ofthecoloredman;and.foraboutfortyminutes,he "-rTliejRepublicanRatificationmeetingatSt.Louis,met and crushed utterly and forever. This must be spoke with a power that we have seldom heard \erty,manliness,determinationtodohisbest,his Statesthemselves,underawiseandpatrioticRepubli- THRILLING EPISODE INTHELIFE OF thegreatdesireandthechiefaimofeverypatriotic equaled.Therewasagrandeurinhisthoughts,a onTueetjjaynight,wasthelargestdemonstrationofhonesty, unblemished reputation at home, his l>earing, can administration, will soon discover the error into f*athousand and one too many" for the "Squatter which they have been led by these misrepresentations.For myself, I cherish no hostility toward the people of theSouthernStates. I wouldnotdeprivethem of a single right guaranteed to them' by the Constitution, nor does the Republican party propose to do so. It" A B E LINCOLN."Southern heart." .—The Montgomery (Ala.) Advertiser is furious at asuggestion made in The Press that the, seceders can only Be allowed to • enter the Baltimore Convention oncomprehensiveness in his arguments, and a binding the kind .ever witnessed in that city. A t least tenI"Sovereign," and " a heap of good things beside."Our cannons among the mountains and Our oratorshave said as much. Friday and Saturday nights the Lincoln for President of the United States. Mr. Lin-Pienthusiasm over the nomination of the Hon. Abraham destruction of powder was' immense but patriotic, and the Southern demand to introduce Slavery there. It coln, or " Old Abe/' as his friends familiarly callhim,ssimply contends for Freedom in the Territories, againstthe display of oratory not less conspicnous but vastly believes that Freedom and Free Labor will best de- is a self-made man. A Kentuckian by birth, he emi- ern Democrats will not be allowed to crawl into theImore sensible. velope their resources, and contribute most to the wel- grated to Illinois in his boyhood, where he earned his Baltimore Convention if they are willing to repent on fare and happiness of those who may emigrate thither, living at the anvil, devoting his leisure hours to study.*Ihavetalkedwithsomemembersofthewingof bendedkneesbeforetheirmasters,theDouglas dirt- from the Slave States as well as from the Free. In Having chosen the law as his future callmg,he devoted eaters ! We will not insult the Alabama Democracythe Opposition that would not. accept Mr. Seward's the former there is a comparatively small class of himself assiduously to its mastery, contending at everynomination, w h o applaud that of Mr. Lincoln. A nd if, slaveholders, while the great majority of white inhabi- step with adverse fortune. During this period of study, by asking whether they will seek to degrade them-as now seems likely, Mr. Douglas, the favorite of the Jersey Democrats, is sacrificed to propitiate the Charlestonscceders,yonmayrelyon.it.that Lincoln and Hamlin will receive no small acresa»ons from that source.tants are non-slaveholders and poor. W e contend that the Territories should be opened to the poor emigrant, whether from the North or, the South, and that thus shallbeperpetuatedatruepopularSovereignty,in which the majority shall govern, rather than a class control. In the Southern States there are thousands,heforsometimefoundahomeunderthehospitable selvesandlowertheirflagtotheenemiesoftheCon- imagreattask,andMr.Douglashadnotthetimeto haveno!diamondsofherownwhatcanshedobutbor-On Fridaynight last we had a meeting here^ spon- keptdown by poverty'and social distinctions, who long for schoolfl and churches, and for unrestricted op- taneously gathered in Washington Hall. The cannon portunities of self-culture and elevation in the social discoursed polities in spite of the rain, and a crowd col- scale. W e Repirblk-ans propose, by keeping the Ter- ritories in reserve for them, to furnish them these ad-spontaneous indorsement. Messrs. Vance, Little, and vantages; and it is a very, fortunate arid significant circumstance that this leading idea of the Republican—The Worcester Spy thinks that if-any inscrutable "another and abetter world," the Bell'and Everettlected in the Hall to give tlw Chicago nominations aticket might receive, perhaps, 5,000 votes in Massachu- setts. B u t as it is, with a reasonable prospect that Tlie Courier will continue to exert its customary in- fluence during the campaign, we do not see how Mr. Boll can rely upon more than fifteen hundred or twoothers spoke warmly and eloquently of the Chicago platform and nominations, and the people vociferously responded to their utterances.creed is so well represented by our candidate.The life of Mr. Lincoln furnishes an illustration of the operation of that idea. His grand parents were natives of Virginia, his parents of Kentucky, and theywere poor. Young Lincoln left the unfriendly atmoa- fhere of Slavery, in his native State, and removed to ndiana, where he could breathe free air and carve out for himself a more favorable destiny. Had he never THE FEELING IN WESTERN NEW-YORK. made the removal, it is scarcely probable that, ham- pered by the difficulties that surrounded him, he would haverisentothehighpositionhenowoccupiesbefore the people of the nation. But he came over on to free soil, where generous sympathies awaited the laborer, and helped him on in his upward career. Rising by his own noble efforts, he i3 to-day the chosen Presidentialthousand votes.. •. was greeted with an enthnsiasm which could not be antlyJrfo doubt, he went with ungallant and eager repressed. It was, in truth, a grand, a glorious meet-ing, and its influence cannot fail to be most salutary haste jtoilodge his complaint at the Prefecture de Police.Since the nominations at Chicago I.have had occasion to visit several of the principal cities in the Central and Western parts of our State, and have conferred with many leading Republicans in regard to the tone ofDouglas, by the passage of' resolutions! declaring him bestow her custom on another"/ So she imme- diateljy; repaired to another Court jeweler, and obtainedfeeling respecting those nominations. Of course, great disappointment was felt when the tidings arrived thatcandidate of the Republican party, and on the 4th of March next he will be the duly chosen President of theUnited States.Of the nominee for Vice-President, I can truly say' 'JThey whoknow Mr.Lincoln intimately, say,that he is a moderate and conservative man, that though opposed to the extension of Slavery into free territory, just as Mr. Clay and Mr.Bell were, and the latter gentleman still is, yethe is a State Rights man of the strictest sect.. H e is also the sworn enemy of Execu- tive andlegislative corruption, andhasa character for personal integrity unimpeachable. H i s popular sobri-the first choice of Massachusetts; but it is, nevertheless, stated that a majority of the members are in favor of his nomination.another; set of diamonds, which sue instantly carried to the Mojite de Piete to release those already there. B u t the inljjprmation being laid against; her, she was de- tained / a u d conveyed b y a vile agent? de surety publiquqGov. Seward had been beaten. There was, except that he is eminently worthy of the confidence reposed among those whose sources of information extended in him. I have served with him long in public life,far beyond New-York, a general expectation that he and have known him well. He.has oeen a life-long would bethecandidate; andit wasnatural, therefore, Democrat—not of themodern type', but of the schoolthat the first emotion when receiving intelligence of of Jefferson and Franklin. His Democracy is not of his failure should be that of disappointment and de- that kind which consists in subserviency to the dictatesofaslave-holdingclass,andwhosehighestmanifestation gospeltruth,andafeverishdesireforvengeanceseized ofhisownfortunesfrompovertytocompetence, from—The Baltimore Patriot desires it |to be widely to the Prefecture, there confronted with all kinds ofknown that the landlords of its city do inot.propose to low, hajsty people, and only released on good suretiesafforded by her nigh-born relatives. The affaijr haspression, mingled here and there with discourage- isinthealacritywithwhichitsdevoteeswillchitseannvupon the infatuated populace, while only prison-bars prevented a horrible death at the hands of a mob. Tho events weije heralded in the county papers, painted in highest colors] accompanied by rejoicing over the cer ainty of punishment being meted out to the guiltythe lowest to the highest position, will meet with the cordial"sympathies of the laboring masses every where, whether they support him politically or not.ment, and, in a few rare instances, with threats of vengeance. However, the honest masses have got pretty much over this feeling, and now begin to shout lustily for Lincoln, while the corrupt politicians, who for years have- made merchandise of the lofty princi- ples and great popularity of Seward, are beginning to »eethatnowell-informedpersondoubtsthesuccess •fourticket,andso(1hadalmostsaid unfortunately) they are falling into line.away nigger; but that Democracy upon which our insti-tutions are based; which, towering sublimely above thef elfish interest of classes and factions, is enthroned uponthe solid foundations of true Popular Sovereignty—theexpressed will of an intelligent and patriotic people. I parity. The prisoner, overwhelmed by the circum- he denounced it as an offense against plighted faith,can pronounce upon him no higher eulogium than to say that he is worthy of association upon the same ticketwithAbrahamLincoln.•stances under which he found himself1 placed, fell into and, in open Senate, dissolved his connection with the a melancholy condition, bordering upon despair; and Democratic party, and went over to the Republicans. thewidoweambther,lookingthroughhertears,saw. Asalegislator,hisrecordshowshimtobetheauthor nocauseforhopefrom.earthlyaid. ofmorelawsthanthatofanyofhiscompeersfortheCorrespondence pi The Cloveland Leader. Asa]Westernman,Iwish space togiveventtomyforce in his conclusion's, which were silent as .death ; every'eye was fixed upon the speaker, and all gave himseriousattention. Hewasthetallmaneloquent; his countenance glowed with animation, and his eyeGlistened with an intelligence that made it lustrous, 4le w a s no longer awkward and ungainly; but grace-ful, bold, commanding." Mr. Douglas.had been quietly smoking up to thistime; but here he forgot his cigar and listened with anxiousattention. Whenherosetoreplyheappeared excited, disturbed, and his second effort appeared to us greatly inferior to his first. Mr. Lincoln had giventhousand persona*were present. Speeches were made bythejBjon. Francis P.Blair,jr.,Mr.J. T.F. James, Mr. Brijndt, and others.POL|DJE GOSSIP.—The following bit of scandal is from T^-e London Star: A singidar occurrence^—at least, singular in high life—has just served to iUustratp. thepolicjeannalsofParis. Whenovercomebyawant ofmoney,whatcan a lady of the highest birthandV breeding do but raise it on her diamonds, and if she*rcofofoneArmstrong,afarmerwholivedinalog- stitution'andtheSouth. Godforbid/thatweshouldanswer him, even if he had the ability."—At a ratification meeting in favor of Bell and Ev-erett, held in Mobile on Saturday evening last, the following resolution, among others, was passed:'" Resolved, That the South has now an opportunity, such as has not occurred for many years, to place one of her most distin- guished sons—a slaveholder, devoted to her true interests, and sound upon.the great question which is agitating this section and has led to the disruption of the- Democratic party—in tho Presi- dential chair, and thus to secure exemption from the evils which have become so alarming and seem so imminent."The Mobile Advertiser says of this subject:" There is no mistake about it, the Baltimore nomi-nations have touched a cord in the popular heart and awakened a feeling which cannot beresisted. Every mention of the names of Bell and Everett last nightrow some"? One of the highest ladies of tho land beingJllist week, driven to this extremity, immediate- ly repaired to the court jeweler, and " borrowed" a parure1 for two days. The price of the jewels was fityjOOOf., although the value could have been but. Ij2,p00f., according to the estimation made by the! clerk at • the Mont de Piete, to whom, they I were immediately consigned, having been borrowed for that especial purpose. A t the end of fh.% two days the jeweler called for the restoration of h i s property—or, what he would have much preferred, the price of the same—but was told to wait patiently a littlewhile longer. To pass the time more pleashouse some eight miles from the village of Petersburg,Menard Countyij Here, clad in homespun, with elbowsout, and knees ^covered with patches, young Lincolnwould master his lessons by the firelight of the cabiu,and then walk tip town for the purpose of recitation.This man Armstrong was himself poor, buthe saw the providence should remove Tlce Boston Courier to fcuius struggling in the young student, and opened toim hib rude hobac, and bid him welcome to his coarse fare. HowLincolngraduatedwithpromise,howivi has more than fulfilled that promise, h o w honorably h e acquitted himself alike on the battle-field, in defending our border settlements against-the ravages of savage foes, and in thejhalls of our national legislature, are matters of histqry, and need no repetition here. But one little incident of a more private nature, standing as it does as a sort of sequel to.some things already al-luded to, I deeiii worthy of record. Some few yearssince the oldcstjson of Mr. Lincoln's old friend Arm- so common among journals which oppose tho Republi- strong, the chief support of his widowed mother—thegood,old man having some time previously passed fromearth—wasarrestedonthechargeofmurder. Ayoungman had been [killed, during a riotous melee; in thenight time, at a camp-meeting, and one of his asso-ciates stated that the death-wound was inflicted byyoung Armstrong. A preliminary examination w a sgone into, at which the accuser testified so positivelythat there seemed no doubt of the guilt of the prisoner,and therefore he^was held for trial. A s is too oftenthe case, the bloody act caused an undue.degree of ex-citement in the public mind. Every improper, incidenthi the life of the. prisoner—each act which bore, theleast semblance of rowdyism—each school-boy quarrel—was suddenly! remembered a n d magnified, until theypictured him asj a fiend of the most horrid hue. As quet, is, ' Honest Old Abe.' There can.be little doubt, these rumors spread abroad, they were received as but that this man of the working people, the artificercheat the delegates to the approaching Democratic made1 a tremendous sensation, as it affords a terriblei.mGov.Chaseconcludedhisspeech,ofwhichthefore--going is an imperfect and hasty sketch, by a stirring . At this juncture, the widow received a letter from same length of time. Ite was and is the special friendThe public sentiment of Central and Western New- appeal to Republicans to do their whole duty in the Mr. Lincoln, volunteering his services in au elfort to of commerce. No man of any party questions nis nition of the truth that men pass away but principles York was summarily expressed yesterday, at Rochester, coining campaign. There is now every indication of ^save the youth from the impending stroke. Gladly was high'. integrity of character, and his sound and solid survive unchanged. I . 'byoneofthemostintelligentRepublicansintheState, success,butsuccess isneverwonwithouteffort,andit bisaidaccepted|althoughitseemedimpossiblefor.even judgmentihasalwaysmadehimasafelawgiver. Had —TheMilwaukee News having affected to condole and always an ardent supporter of Seward. Said he, is always well to make assurances doubly sure. If this his sagacity to prevail in such a desperate case; but Mr. Fremont been elected in the contest of 1856, it is"LincolnwillgetallthevotesthatS**vvardwould, bedoi.e,ontheeveofthe4thofMarchnextthecoun- theheartoftheattorneywasinhiswork,andheset understoodthatMr.HamlinwouldhavebeenhisSec- withtheadherentsofMr.Seward,T^lie Sentinel" a n d a g r e a t m a n y b e s i d e . " I t i s p r o b a b l e t h a t n o w and then some rotten rogue, some political maggot, generated in the tilth and corruption of the Albany Lobby, may bolt the nomination. But, for every such recusant rascal, there will be fonnd ten honest men to takehisplace. Andthesoonerandthemoreconspicu- ouslyandostentatiouslytlieymaketheir defection and desertion known, the better for the party and the cause." These corrupt creatures have been the'bane of Gov. Seward's political life. They have hung like mill- stones upon the neck of his popularity. They haveheapedgcbi<t&cics, mountain high, m the pathway of his success. Theyaddedthelastleathertothebacfcofthe cainel a t Chicago, a n d crushed him. T h e more, then, these fellows threaten to leave us, the better; provided always, that they will not only theaten but execute— not only talk of going by-and-by, but, not steading upon the order oi their going, go at once. - But, alas! no such blessing is in store for Lincoln and Hamlin! These vermin win fasten upon and stick to thorn to the tod of the contest, and then crawl into ail the snug places they can fina.Let everybody be assured, then, that the great mans of Republicanism in this section of the State is sound to the core. Of course there is work to be done, butthe victory^ will be comparatively easy. The Democracy is demoralized', and cannot rally. If Douglas is nomi- nated, the " Hard Hards " will sacrifice him. If he is not,hisfriendswillkillwhoeveris.Thecontestof 1860willbethatof1848overagain.ThejDemocracyt r y - w o u l d r e j o i c e o v e r t h e e l e c t i o n o f A b r a h a m L i n c o l n a« President of theUnited States.The speech w a s well-timed,'and repeatedly inter- rupted with applause. A t the close, the vast multitudea b o u t i t w i t h a w i l l t h a t k n e w n o s u c h w o r d a s f a i l . Feeling that the[poisoned condition of thepublic mind was such as to preclude the possibility of impanneling ah impartial Jury in the Court having jurisdiction, h i procured ft change*of venue, and a postponement of ther e t a r y o f t h e T r e a s u r y . » O n t h e S l a v e r y q u e s t i o n , h e s a y s : . j . 1. : ! •hereabouts, as elsewhere, are shedding many tears overthe defeat of Seward. T h e failure of Seward a t Chi-cago seems to have disarranged their well-prepared your attention by the presentation of any extended programme almost as much as the failure of Douglas at view of the political affairs of this country. This Charleston. Alltheir"irrepressible,"**•higherlaw,"meeting,isassembledheretohearareportofdelegates Helper,Spooner,JohnBrownthunderwasreadytobe ofthepeople whohave beenchargedwith highand launched at the head of Seward the instant the light- responsible duties. A s you know well gentlemen—us ningannouncedhisnomination. ButLincoln!lo,this every oneofusknows—thesedutieshavebeendis-cited no uneasiness on the part of the prosecutor— merely, in most cases, requiring the main witness to b« definiteastotimeand.place. Whentheevidenceof theprosecutionwasended,-Lincolnintroducedafew witnesses to remove some erroneous impressions in ro- gard to the previous character of his client,who, though somewhat rowdyish, had never been known tocommit a vicious act; .and to show that a greater de- greeofill-feelingexistedbetweentheaccuserandthe accused than the accused and the deceased. The prose- cutor felt thatthe casewasa clear one,andhisopening speechwasbriefandformal. Lincolnarose,whilea deathly silence pervaded the vast audience, and in a clear but moderate tone began 'his argument. Slowly and carefully he reviewed.the testimony, pointing out the hitherto unobserved discrepancies in the statements oftheprincipalwitness.Thatwhichhadseemedplainone that has the wind on its side; false and obtrusive predicants, who can onlv discredit the cause they pro- fesstoapostqlize,andstiflaspiretobelookeduponas thesaintsoftheparty,entitledtoallitsrewards,the hard laborers whose work was misspent, but wuoso zeal never faltered hr its support."gave three rousing cheers for Chase, and three more trial. H e then 'Went studiously to work, unravelingOf the rights of the States, he is the unqualified de- fender." ' . A—Inthefollowinganimatedstrain,Mr.Soul6con-cludedhisspeechin.behalfofMr.Douglas itthegreatdeeply regret that William H. Seward is not to be .our intertill inflammation in animals; and snuff and decoc- chosen standard-bearer in theapproachingjeontest; but tions Of tobacco have been successfully used by Ameri-forLincoln. Afterseveralmorespeechesandsongs,Gov. Denni-son said the speaking seemed. to be finished, and de-thehistoryofthecase,andsatisfied himselfthathis clientwasthevictimofmalice,andthatthestatements of the accuser wejre a tissfie of falsehoods. When thetheyareunitedtoamaninthedeterminationtofol- lowtheflagandkeep stejptothemusicof(theRepubli- can party, and to give Lincoln and Hamlin their undi-canfarmeretodestroylice andticks. Itwasthis thattumefMr. Jaque's attention to making a preparationj | '!thatiw ould be an improvement upon the crude mate-riidsj, jhnd fill a demand daily increasing wherever sheep|ire bred. The extract of tobacco is put up inparcels,which canbesentat lesscost'thanthe laterial in bulk.ounce of the extract is dissolved in a quart of hot iwfitcr, and that is afterward diluted with three quamlptf cold water. This is used as a bath for eheep. Thejanimal is drpped stern foremost, care being usedto keep the head out of the water.Tnef!patentee is anxious to have this concentratedextraqi; of tobacco thoroughly tried the present season for inlets upon plants by gardeners and fruit'growers. He hopes that he has found a remedy for many of the drawbacks to which horticulture is subject.Ij•':,DnirRicz.—TheattentionofagriculturistsinFrance hasrecentlybeendirectedtoanowvarietyofricein- troduced from China by the Societc d'Acclimation. It is particularly recommended on account of its being adapted for cultivation upon dry lands, whence it is callell||dryrice.Shoulditproveequallyproductive aud.aljvaluableanarticleoffoodasthericenow grown intheJmhealthywetplantations,itmustbeoomean, exceedingly valuable acquisition. The grain it said to rese^Tjjjle that of the common rice, and its culture tobe likethatofwhea't.Bra BULLOCKS.—The progessing increase in the wci of bullocks is worthy of note. What may w e cxpcjctjjjfrom the stock of suchaealfas tho following, wheniiepropagateshisspecies,butaprogressivein- crease of weight ? P . G. Gardiner of Schoharie Co., N. X ; owns a half and hidf Durham and Hereford, now about Hi years old, which weighed 1,770 pounds when,'BSmonthsold..GXTIK-HINGES.—For the hook, or upper hinge of aclared the meeting adjourned, when the vast audience trial was called on, the prisoner, pale and emaciated,- left the Capitol grounds and dispersed.abovt theptreets, with hopelessness1 .w.itten on every feature, and ac-some keeping uji the bonfires, and others going about companied by his half-hoping, half-despairing mother—whoseonlyhopewasina mother'sbeliefofherson's Thesoundsof rejoicingwerekept uptill alatehour, innocence,in thejustice ofthe God she worshiped,;Douglas meeting in New-Orleans on the 1.9th inst.:" Let me warn you against surprise from quarters vided and zealous support. Time will show that everyin crowds shouting for Lincoln—" Honest O ld A b e . "delude you into inconsiderate and fatal steps; men who' will caress you, but who are neither your friends, nor thefriends of the causetheyseemto advocate;menwill heartily sustain Lincoln at the polls. That is the lesson which Seward Republicans, everywhere have learnedfromthen-illustrious leader."— The Milwaukee Free Democrat says" From the general enthusiasm with which the Chi- cago nominations have been1 received in alliparts of the country,'we are more than ever convinced of their propriety and judiciousness. Even in those States which adhered to the last to Gov. Seward, there ap- pears to be a cheerful acquiescence in the nominationwhen closed the greatest ratification ever given a can- and in the noble j counsel, who, without hope of fee or ready to bolt from one position to another, ever anx-didate in Columbus.GOV. BANKS ON T H E NOMINATIONS.reward upon earth, had undertaken the cause—took his seat in the prisoner's box, and with a " stony firm- ness" listened to the reading of' the; indictment. Lincoln sat quietly by, while the large auditory looked On him as though wondciiiig what he could say in de- fense of one whose guilt they regarded as certain.ious to show themselves foremost in any movementthat has the least chance of success, and eager tothwart every good purpose thsifc cannot be turned toAHall, Boston, on Thursday night. Speeches Was made by Gov. Banks, PelegW. Chandler, John A. Andrew,their exclusive advantage; spurious and dough-faced -great ratification meeting w a s held in FanouilJosiah Quincy, jr., and Gen. S. Hay. of Gov. Banks were as follows:The remarksgun, and a well-arranged mm. Of evidence, cir- whom no communion of thought or sentiment can'bo made. The Democratic organs are already com- cumstantial and positive^ was introduced, which durable, as they are- ever upon the watch, their eyes mencing the leveling of personal abuse against ourcharged in an honorable and ju«t manner; but it is due toDemocratic thunder is now suspended in mid volley; us as to them that the representatives themselves should while the disappointed and wrangling'factions of the have the privilege of presenting their own reportDemocracy are preparing vials of wrath, to be poured to you. I come to you, therefore, as an humbleoutin*duetimeupontheheadsofeachother.t ' 'LINCOLN A N D HAMLIN IN OHIO.EATXFICATION MEKTIXG IN COLUMBUS—-SPEECHOF JEX-COV. CJUASJE.From The Ohio StaU Journal, May 22.It was scarcely twilight last evening when the bright jfemesof a hundred bonfires, and a large display o" fireworks illuminated the city. The people came out and poured in streams toward the State House. Ityoemed as if everybody were on the streets, and the as I know the citizens of our Commonwealth will this intellectual achievement. His whole being hadThomas Corwin, w h o delivered a speech two hours In length..TJteJournal says-hereferredtotheaction of the Chicago Convention, to hia iown course there, and to his preferences in regard to a Presidential can- didate. Of Mr. Lincoln he spoko in the highest terms, asanhonest,upright,ableman,who,ifelected,would administer the Government with a strict regard to his constitutional obligations, and with a determination to mete out equal and exact justice to all sections of the Union. Hesaidhebelievedtheadministrationofa Republican President would servo to convince the South that the charge of hostilitjy to it, which was attributed to the Republican party, was without any foundationintruth. InMr.Lincoln,thocandidateof that party, he expressed tho utmost confidence, as a man who would doright in every Emergency, aud3nesuperior to his incidents, and who, coming from among"thegreatmassofthepeople,haswonbyhisown.in- dustry and integrity one of tho proudest positions in the hind. Tt'isnot because Abe Lincoln onco mauled and split rails for a living that he thus takes hold of the popular heart, but because from tho position and occu- pationofacommonfarmlaborerhehasascendedto the position of a probable President, without ever stooping to a mean thing or in any way tampering with his integrity."—The Wheeling Daily Union, a Democratic paper, hasapoliticalleaderwhichwouldfurnisharare treat if space would allow the whole to be printed; w e must content ourselves with reproducing the closing par- agraph, merely prefacing with the remark that tho writer has been giving to his own satisfaction the causes of Hie success which crowned Taylor and Har- rison: . • ". -greatest enthusiasm prevailed. High street, from thethank them—for the cheering^ the glorious, the for'months been bound up in. this work of gratitude,citizenoftheCommonwealth of'Massachusetts—v,ith you, one and all, young and old, here in and plausible, he made to.appear crooked us a serpent'sFaueuii Hall, to give a hearty, a hopeful, and an en-thusiastic approval of the nomination of 18G0. [Tre-mendous cheers.] I trust that this nomination willconstitute an era, as I said, in the history of our com-mon country; and although 1 have not the privilege of that at the hour referred to, the moon had not yet ap- expressing my views at any length, 1 trust you willaccord to me a hand in this glorious-contest. [Loudcheers.] I cannot but say; however, to the formercitizensof Massachusetts now resident in.theWest,that I thank them from the lwttom of my heart- every tongue. But theadvocate was notcontent withnoble welcome which they gave to the delegates and mercy, and, as the lava of the overcharged crater in whom the people might repose entire confidence. 4potto the Court-House, was one blaze of bonfires, on their tour in the westward. It is gratifying to bursts from its imprisonment, so great thoughts«jbandsofmusicdiscoursednationalandpatriotic knowthatwhereverthecitizensofMassachusetts andburningwordsleapedforthfromthesoul —TheRepublicansofPeru(Indiana)holdaratifica- have gone, they have always'cherished a heartfelt feelA great exowtf of people; much, larger thaa J ing for the ancient Commonwtalth, the motb'er of as \ oftice wasbrief, wasvery largely attended, and mani- which will work outitsfailure. Lincoln's career aud be tuned in further.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069path. The witness had stated that the affair took place at a certain hour hi the evening, and that, by the aid of the brightly shining moon, he saw the prisoner inflict the death blow with a slung-shot. Mr. Lincoln showedpeared above the horizon, and consequently the whole tale was a fabrication. An almost instantaneous change seemed to have been wrought in the minds of his audi- tors,andtheverdictof "notguilty"wasattheendoftheir bended knees." H o w ? " it exclaims;. "South-.:"..""•..'-. J....- .. -Uy .• WteZSA1MRDALY. MA1I 2<if 1860.i->-. - • . . , ..«/**+ .*...»,.,;„.'?u i r y f r o m t h e C o u r t , d e l i v e r e d t h e v e r d i c t o f " N o t }uiltyl" The widow dropped into the arms of herClevelandHeraldthink fo band started an air,which unintentionally interrupted —of the g illant young chieftain whose flag was waved -" Where is Mr.Lincoln ?". he rushed across the room sitting opposite each other at meals; that he thought paperfeven affects,to applaud the nomination of Linv[Cheers.] Andifhithiswearetruetoourselves,wewill leave ouriopponents,whetheroftheonesideorof the oiherr-iof the right or the left, beyond—[the Congressional intervention to protect us in our prop- attention. .were "desolation" and "despair."A tremendous#.whoopposeitandwho sustainitsnatural resultant— ertyagainstSquatterism—isthefirstandmost import-ant steptoobtainarecognition ofourlightsfromtheNorth. Tliishostilefactionhereathomemustfirstbenotfeel that anything wasomitted which deservedsuspect any but the most abject place-hunter of any thought of having this glorious State beg admittance to the Baltimore Convention." ," Mr. Hamlin was always a Democrat, until the re- peal of the Missouri Compromise bill came up, when-." \.-.-•.;: .:•'rillrunuphillandthesuuriseintheWest,a*. t they wiD succeed." : ,eDetroit.DailyAdvertiser says:s mercenary followers of Mr. Douglas differ, idelyfrom their master inregard toMr.Lin-' topularityandability. Theydeclarehimtobe'applause.], I am glad, too, gentlemen, that the del- the sun should Set, it would shine upon his client a free vention. These tw o tickets will receive, he thinks, him much better than his men do, tells another story.* egates of his State remember what is due to the great man. The Jury retired, and the Court adjourned for about an equal number of votes, while Mr. Bell, the Havmghad many sharp encounters,with Mr. XifocofivHe went to Chicago feeling that Salmon P . Chase was the noblest Roman of them all, but knew nothing but the good of the country and success of the Republican party. H e gave satisfactory reasons for changing from the support of Mr. Chtse to Mr. Lincoln, and said if the contest had been between Chase and Seward, Chase would have combined more strength in the doubtful Suites than Seward.AsMr. Warner was closing his speech, the outerhisclosingsentence. in1856[greatcheering];andthoughlast,notleast, andgraspedthehandofhisdeliverer,whilehisheart heknewtheheart'ofAbrahamLincolnaswellasany coinandHamlinasagoodpoliticalmovementforthe-The Lincoln Glee Club then sang a stirring song one of th< menwhostands six feet four inches in the wastoo full for utterance. Lincoln turned his eyes with great effecV Republica a cause—the giant, the young giant of Illinois towtrd the West, where the sun still lingered in view, Gov.Chasewasloudlycalledfor^andassoonasthe —theknown representativeof theprincipleof labor, and then,turningtothe youth,said, "It is notyet prolongedandheavyapplausewhichgreetedhisap- andwhoi3higherintheaffectionsofthepeopleofhis sundown,andyouarefree1." Iconfessthatmy own neigl iborhood than any competitor —:—. [The cheeks were not wholly unwet by tears, and I turnedcourse sweep the board unless the other parties unite, .asintheelectionofGov.Olden. Allpartiesareproud of Dayton as a lawyer and orator; but there is no small opposition to him among a class necessary to givehim a majority of votes. G o v . Pennington, all things considered, isthemost popular man in theS-ate. lie coa Id undoubtedly lead a n y opponent a hard race for the vote of New-Jersey. Outside of these, the ques- tionis,CantheOppositionfindamanonwhomto uniteforPresident1 Iftheycan,thenthatmanwillget the Electoral vote of New-Jersey; if they cannot, i then that igote will be given to Douglas or some other• Democrat.j Since the days when Henry Clay was beforo th© jjpeople,nomanhashadwarmerfriendsinNew-: Jersey than Mr.Seward. His noble andgifted mind,trained in the highest degree for the avocations of thestatesman,haswonforhimapassionate admirationamong-the moat intelligent people in the Stato^ And fellow-citizens throughout the country respond to the Slavery, m unquestionable advance of the interests —We.learn from the Western part of this State thatyet it is a fact—to be deplorwd, but a fact—that there is^alarge andinfluential classwhobelongtotheOppo- sition, resolutely determined, not merely not to aid in electing Mr. Seward, but to defeat him at all hazards.l I have conversed with many of this class in the ci;y\ andcountry. Seme leading Americansand Old-Linej Whigs declared they would give their influence toI Douglas rather than to Seward. F o r this .prejudice dency. I regard the expression of the State Conven- cheering]. Alk w me to say, gentlemen,too,thatfrom themembered; and I thank the leaders and the members immediately to the Court-House, and while the pris-of thedeligatiomfromMassachusettsforhavinggiven onerwas beingbroughtfromthejail,theCourt-room with confidencethat KansaswiUcastthelargestRe-'an upright, gifted, and popular candidate.' with5 ' great | strength in the North-We«tji-&xv W e a r e quite wiilling to offset the opinion of Mr. Douglas, w h oknows i/tr. Lincoln, against that ofhis followers, who do not know him. They must either take issue withwas filled to overflowing with citizens of the town. their voic< in the first instance to the statesman of New- When the prisonerand his mother entered, silenceYork [Ionjcontinued cheering];.andthose of the del- reignedastompletelyas though thehouse were empty.e r a b l e J o s h u a R . G i d d i n g s s p o k e . I n t h o c o u r s e o f h i s remarks he said, referring to Mr. Lincoln:publican vote it ever cast for Abraham Lincoln.living man, and speaking from that knowledge, he be-• *••lieved that every beat of 'honest Abe's' heart was a Republlcan party. The Boston Courier, in its en-throbofsincerityandtruth-r-in.aword,thatheisthat deavortoprovethechoiceunacceptable tothepeople,noblestwork of God—an honest man. He believed headsiiikselections with an extract from The AlbanyThe fair lady meanwhile, 'whose delicate nerves had is fairly at work here and elsewhere, and it will grow been qujite overset with the rudeness of the ill-bredand cheering. The leaven of Constitutional Unionism,Convention. If the accommodations in/the Monumental City should prove insufficient for the crowd, the-Balti- more and Ohio Railroad Company will |run trains, sothat delegates can breakfast, sup, andj sleep at the capital, and vote and dine where the Convention is held. The Patriot also is anxious to have it clearly understood that, Baltimore i s ' a place where life and personal property is secure.—At Dubuque, Iowa, pbey have brought out and hoistedtheoldFremontnag,nowinscribedwiththo namesofLincolnandHamlin,whichwavesinrecog-peep jbehind the curtain which vails the sacred retreat of Borne of the high-sounding names of France fron\tho gaze-p| the vulgar herd. , A constil de famille has been assembled, and the jewelers have been compensated; but tfie horrible dossier still remains at the police^—and among the records of thieves and pickpockets shinesforth the very first name in French history.ceo FOR VERMIN.—A patent has been granted? to George Jaques of Somerville, Mass., for a prepara- tioncalleda"PureconcentratedextractofTobacco,"' which is found to be a perfect remedy for several of theaalmgsofsheep,such aslice, ticks,maggotshithe wool, scab, etc.' This extract being more concentrated,foindmuchbetterthan anyhome-madepreparation of tobacco. Nicotine, the active principle of tobacco, a n d a v i r u l e n t p o i s o n , h a s b e e n u s e d b y S c o t c h v e t i - naryj sjurgeons as an internal remedy for intestinal•was always what, the Democrats used to consider s' 7lie News slightly mistakes the feelings andpnr-sound, before the repeal of- the Missouri Compromise. po^es of our Wisconsin Republicans. They do indeed worms, colic, typhonitis, hernia, and several forms ofmost insidious; from men whose well-laid snares might Republican State that voted for Seward at ChicagoI•"poiiticiAns, prompt to maug'uvate any sort of party thatIi I!will afford them the means of wresting tflepiiblic spoilsThe examination I of witnesses for the State was be- from those who are in the enjoyment of them, and with of Lincoln, as being the very best that could have been—The Republicans of Dayton, Ohio, had a rousingmeetingonMondayevening,tolistentotheHon. thepublicenthusiasminfavorofamanwhohasbeen" The Republicans have nominated Lincoln in the gate[ if, is recommended to cut a coarse screw on thehopethattheywillelecthimbytheBauiepopularfu- shankandscrewitintothepost.Enoughofitshouldrore which proved so successful in the Harrison andthe eloquent Lincobj. # « drew a. picture tion meeting on Monday night, which, though the no- Taylor instances. Butmark the flaw in the calculation be'left out, BOthat when the' gate sags thescrew caaUntitled Documentonlv^iivery small man. without talent or popularity, or qualifications ofany kmd for the position to which he-their leader o r abandon their charges L i n e u p , "againstM r .•— P i s strange;thoughflattering,thatnotasingleDemocratic-^should] siand up for Mr. Lincoln with peculiar regard,- and hol<| him in special esteem. H e saved the party in Blilo s in 1858, although he must have known that the unrighteous districting of the State would defeatI mwww.fultonhistory.comBR8EH 