 I— -Bases.'jAs there are many malicious, and not a few-verdant, pare thomEelves accordingly. .who still perfeist that the Democratic party is not soldflE&6. In the naked issue of union or disunion, which they would contrive to force forward under such circumstances; it is believed the ^ m m - c m l and manufacturing interests of the Central States would take the alarm, and thus supersede all ques- tions of Tariff, Homestead, and Pacific Railroad, Rivers and Harbors, and the like. The conviction is entertained too, and perhaps with some reason,townships to vote by ballot. As a body, the late the Central Club in buying and distributing documents Legislature is regarded as the most shamelessly cor- is worthy of all praise, and of general imitation.— Jean Paul Richter'a widow, Karohne Riohter, died in Munich January 26, I860, aged 84.— Wilbehchoe Von Sthroder, for some time the wife of the famous tragedian Derrient, but divorced and married in 1850 to Mr. Von Bock, died in Coburg Jan- uary 26, 1860, aged 55.—-The Lockhaven (Penn.) Watchman records a very remarkable phenomenon. Some months ago, Mr. John Johnson, of that place had the middle finger of his right hand amputated close to thelower jointjoining the hand. The wound soon healed over, and almost immediately a new finger commenced growing from the stump of tbe old one; and six months from the time the finger was amputated, Mr. Johnson had a new and full grownnot. Sylvester received notice to quit, and went mto- exile in an adjacent etrcet. There tho daughter fol- lowed, and through tbe action of Judge Nelson and tho law ot marriage, Mhw Sargeant became Mrs. Chichester Parental wrath, exjlueion from the old home, and con- solation in wedded bliss followed of course.—Mips Isabella Greevcs, whose elopement front. Bc^grave square we noticed last week, says TU Court Circular, is descended fro n a most eccentric ancestor —Mr. Grooves Hoskin of Penzance, a bingnlar man ia bis way, and who married the young lady's (grand- mother under very peculiar circumstances. Hr. Hoskin was a farmer, possessed of eome property, which beiUrn*COMlltSnlen at 1 *0OO jfich.8 18,(00 MUU3TJfeIIi1I Kbjority for Padelford, on the 4th of April.I'll give you a hurried account of a few meetings12, giving a total area of 8,846 feet. Showing that the At Peace Dale, South Kingston, on Thursday area of the Republican Camp is greater by 46 feet. ItIIevening, the lion. Henry B. Stauton of your State,I i H HMwill be perceived that the southern wing of the Shami. ft 11iI iround, itis most likely he would be ableto decide tee impo^nt question in the course of a few hoursof p»infudetibvration.Throvthe same question into Congress, and itwould bdebated a week and then sent to the Com- mittee <the Whole for further consideration, while a plettof fellows would turn up in the course of thedi««?8ion who would insist upon three rows of ^egs abound, or a dissolution of the Union if they were /used. And if the House went for threecarried the State over all the artful combinations, and without any great exertion—thus destroying the domination which has ruled so despotically sinceem-roundnig- villages, presided over by the Hon. Row- Iftnd G. Hazard, one of the delegates to Chicago. Mr. Sianton occupied ibont two hours in expounding the principles and policy of tbe Democratic party ae con- trasted with thofee of the Republican party, aud show- ing the intimate effect of the result in this State upon, thoae parties in their National straggle. Gov. Hoppinfollowed with an eloquent appeal to Rhode IeJandeia not to be scared or bribed from their allegiance to their principles.part More gas-lights have been added to the Repub- lican Camp. The galleries will be reserved exclusively fer ladies.—A San Franciscan, present at the California Re- publican State Convention, was dispoeed ts> commit the delegation for Seward, and nobody else. But several were elected on the public announcement that they were for the bett man and most available. Seward's, name always drew down thunders of applause; butceeding grace, aud moves but little in speaking, and! alwajs hold? a paper, or book, or pen in his hands•1which no other candidate posseases? He has notlic rumor be true, indebted for golden favors. And thus these children of a larger growth spent some two hours, until the Incidental bill camein, and astbe Judges in certain precincts, and the misconduct andmethod. His music ie full of science, but dutitute of••P^k np so many clowns.6NEW-YOBR DAILY TRIBPNE, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 28, 1860..—•*—-THINGS EST GENERAL.W A S H I N G T O N , March 22, i860.rupt, and utterly contemptible in point of brains—Among the New-Hampshire election incidents arenottedo. Ova foreign relationa ax*generally in that Mr, Seward's nomination would be promptlynever be again got together.was destroyed by fire. Tjbifl year the town went Dem- ocratic The fire had depopulated it of its industrious mechanics, and left only Pro-Slavery loaferg in theirplaces.Last year the competitors for representative ofAuburn were father and son—the lather succeeding byOPT Co»gw«« * »<>* ^ ^^ ^ fc—Mft With England we h*'* no question,m,xclxforlti,5oo N. y.cr2,000 EC. Y. C Con. B 2,000 Erie U5,0C0Erfo IL bond*. 1 s1,0C0 yiad*< a3d net?. 3,000 HarlMji2,009 Mich. * 9.000 do.l,CO0 Lek* £j Jut zat'j. 1,0*50 D*l;, U JR. l*t a1,000 C\nrr> Fond ot10 M«TcheJ."J» 50 Pb<**ix 40 Nw*«i B W Park BanJ 20 MMibatfia»****fe«MeptJd*^**>«littleislandsear Vancouver.WHh Spain we have no difficulty beyond trying to which would be sufficient to carry them for a can-Pennsylvania, New-Jersey, Indiana, and Illinois, fear «r bully Cuba from 3v>r> and nothing is doing didate aTrowedly hostile to their principles andCorrespondence of The N. Y. Tribune. .wi«*w about the subject *»7 w*y. Mr- Preston, ourJfi»»ter to Madrid, ipon bis way home to look after£N deeeased f&ih**'-in-law'a effects in Kentucky, serious reflection by their opponents.BnmuKroKT, Conn., Mirch.27,1800. The $20,000 fund, contributed by the Sham Democ-racy of New-York for electioneering purposes in Con necticnt, has sprung a miDo that will blow the Dem- ocratic party sky high in the coming, election. It was announced in tlm city last week that Tom Corwln would address the Republicans of Bridgeport onThe eon is chosen this year.which visit the o^id nuncs, always on a scent for asensation, thin*, or pretend, has something specialm regard to £Uba, bat which has nothing at all todo vmh it. With the rest of Europe we have not aword on anytopic. The universal Diplomatic corpsjest lavty o n their oars, eat their dinners, pick theirteeth, ride out, and wonder when they will The South does not believe in the sanctity of regu-carve their way out of American exile intolar nominations, and hence would not submit to thedictation of what they are pleased to call "Aboli-IS Pacific Mm 415 do35 d» 200 do25 do. ICO do.oo» do. 50 do.50 d<>\.. 10CM«. Bur. 10 N«w-J«i-w20 do.l € C k v . ?*>n. IS Stoning.-- n35,fPO U/S. « 500 Virginia 15,0OT. Mi«j^ Ji5,000 oV... ' 6,90* Twin *k 3,000 Terr* H4,000 do... 1.CO0 Mirh. & 8,000 do... 1,000 Mich. * loPact&c M. M do...10O do .,50 do. . 100 6«tea&&C 300 do.SOCUve. It T 1108 do. 150 do.Tho'Stock. irwgular—tl provemer able infloec jaarket eym speculators than the fidthe market •cific Maii i active, theand selling friends of th 3? cent in 1 idend otf. ceipts, waa : day to 20 ag prominent Ithe cheapest 5mpre«-ion kind of a tot sharea were strong. Tl. issues ia both deeerij the Guarant stood, contr they desire torganizat success, in change. Act very large, J the Bond unSouthern S firm. The '. Central £a, morning te< tions, eeliin..after the. rt following p Company, 2< Mail, 991^1 Erie, 95^10 !)£; Barh?m Michigan CJSforthern IJ ifortbern In ^134; lllini 60i"frfi0£; ( and Eock laI n foreigi Steamer hun sustained, supply of oc sales of ban heavy.In Freight * 10 bales >«iafiteamer) at- on private te Roein at 2; 40 firkins Bt100 hhds. 6h 30 bxs. Bu<x at |d. A v with Lambe tuns to St. IThe bash: $148,304 89 102 12; Bsi• The detail, rgo l/aiou lia.PcMeage .•<*. Mails, tut,.The earnii JlomeKaihojP«»*a^.'8- Freight..-.. MaiiwutM.T<K4iRepair* of! 0 l*i atin; 1 Ovr; di^S*InctvipohteT Courts in Europe. There is nothing tion States." If the Union party at Baltimore m Washington Hfe or associations, for which theythe measures ot the Republican City Council, because made with the railroad to Illinois.the church-yard. In furtherance of this determinationcare a brass button. What is this dull Democratic should present a fair candidate, he would, in the contingency suggested, divide the Southern votetown to them ? I t is made up of traders, clerks, with Douglas. This is one of the reasons why heof the pr6vision of the city charter giving that power, and because, fuitber, he is carrying out the will of a majority of the city—eome thirty—which he received.last November. The emire revolution in Portsmouthhe fixed on a spot as the resting place of his mortal re- —Tbe defaulting Democratic State Treasurer of mains, on a bill near the mine of an ancient towe •called Castle Dcrnis, from which there is a view o 'both channels. Here he inclosed a email epace with a " Mi. A. D. Banks, formerly wall, and at each end fixed a tablet; on the one theo of The South-Side Democrat, at Petersburg, Va., was engraved, " Custom is the idol of fools;" and on but now of Tlie Cincinnati Enquirer, is soon to lead the other, " Virtue only consecrates the ground." Incountry members, and here and there a rich whisky-drmkiDg planter. It is widely fringed with negro wants success, and does not believe Douglas canOhio, John G. Brestfn, is living at Hamilton, C. W. <—The New-York correspondent of The Charlestonhnts, and washed by the shallow, muddy Potomac.There is no cultivation of the soil visible on the de- figuring in the newspapers since the meeting ofcayed and decaying landscape ; there are no Congress will be disposed of in double-quick time at wealthy capitalists embellishing the vicinity, no Charleston. The South will confer before goingtfcnfty class of burghers or bourgeoise whose foot- into the Convention, and whenever it is found that step* are to be obs< rved within or without the town the preferences of only two or three States interferewill eadly disturb hie no wise quiet spirit. gain since March, 1859,169.RepublicanSnuts. Uncle Sam spends a good deal of money,and parts of his possessions are in order. Outside«f that tumble down is the word, for the most part.I s it any wonder that our be-laced friends, the diplo-mats, are ennuyed and, impatient, and feel anx- will be utterly powerless at Charleston, and willj«as to be through with their American ap- hardly be able to command even the few office-—A correspondent of The Daily News notices wha*, to their pecuniary interests by supporting the Republi- —The Canadians are already preparing for the con- be calls a curious. attempt, on the part of Sir R. J.\I nholders who were elected from Pennsylvania.Those patriots will be rather anxious to take careof themselves first, and will throw their votes withreference to future prospects. If Mr. Buchananbe indorsed at all, it will be with the cold and cer-emonious approval which Gen. Pierce received atCincinnati. The Democracy are not wdling tocarry the Old Man of the Sea on their shoulders,and will dismiss him with as little recognition asthe rules of decency may permit. Even with Dem-ocratic majorities in both branches, the Adminis-tration was unable to command the confidence of Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.. . Toe result on the Tariff, the Pacific Railroad is sketch of what occurs annually at the close of thelibelled the Republicans in his accustomed style. There was one thing connected with this epeech which musteccape of one of his comradee inarms, whose sentence, after the surrender of the fortress referred to, had been commuted from dea'h to imprisonment for life, and aiur* to be nothing but talk. As to the Homestead, some way is likely to be contrived to defeat it, pxoiably the veto, if no other. Mileage may go through. The franking privilege will survive this session and then die hard. The Presi- dency engrosses a vast deal of anxious attention and controversy on all sides. Douglas stock has not t>een quoted over 50 ner cent this week and the head of the enterprise, stated a day or two igo that just now there was no sale at any wrice There are sanguine operators, however, who ieheve it will go to par yet. Among Southern menthelenstissaidaboutAlexanderStephens. This ©hrcunstanee is in hi« favor. Mr. Hunter is promi- inent. ItisreckonedtobetoosoonforMr.Breck- inridge, and he is much that way of thinking him-session." Tom Cowan," who ia also quite anxious to visit that the bottle did not contain drinks enough to go Washington officially, objected to /the passage of tha round;and,abottlebeinghelduptoview,themo- bill,thoughtitwoulddarken,theprospectsofthe tion was amended by authorizing the Speaker, after Democratic par?y, and thus obliterate hia ambitioushave been edifying to the gentleman. He mentioned wanderer through Switzerland, France aud England, the name of Wm. H. Seward, and The New-Haven. till happier stars than had yet shone upon hia head leaaad so expressed in my correspondence at the be- especially from the ladies in the galleries. The^naaiag of the session, even against what appeared closing resolution of thanks to officers and reporters rPOLITICAL.t JTor tho w«sti... Previously r*jHXEtnce JBH- iThe amiesto net depoijiiBwik ofN«w MiuihuUau tinr Jtferchauttf' Ha JM«H-haute*' B : Union B(ui«... Sank, of Amort Ph«nbcB<uiJi.. City Bunk'.... Tn£«i«Mu><'u'» B JPultoa ban*..Merclt«zi(rt' b.x N*tioral H .uk ButohviV and Mrcih. and Tr* Or*«uwi<;h U«SoTCUth Ward B&nJc$t«t» NV Aaaericaa Kxcl Bank of Co*wfl Broadway Bai Ocean Barm.. Merrantilo H*i Baoific BttuK.. Bank ot H<-pu Chatham b<:ik Jfrcoplt'a HaJskTne bu^inj $22,302,0 II. I farinMarcF1859. TheR to to-mot :ov probably Lo to the SinlOz means are i the Compear dividende at•eeret spring* of political action to reach that con-clusion with confidence; for, so far as clamorous the Democracy, and requiring the banks recentlyven, Friday in Oxford,'and Saturday in Winsted.—S. L. Woodfoid, es(j., will adorosa the citizens of Wilton, Conn., at the Town-Houne, on the politics of the day, on Thursday evening.•upTport and all the outward appliances were con-cerned. Hunter seemed far in the rear of his chiefchartered to furnish some of the circulating medium, together with four bottles of brandy. Here a cham- pagne cork was heard to pop in one member's hand,stud«nte at the University of Konigsberg from taking the"oath upon the Holy Scriptures, which has hitherto prevented them from obtaining their diplomas.Louisiana. A letter eays that he is wealthy, looks very much like his father, and i» strongly opposed to DougIa8.—The Queen of England and the Prince Con- Bort have preeented to their grandchild, the son of Prince and Princess Frederick William, an exceedingly coet,ly, beautiful and artistically manufactured cup aud cover, ia goldj in reinemberanee of their having been godfather and godmother of the young Prinse. Thewhole of the jewels used an ornaments are valuable diamonds, and the cup hears an inscription in English, as follows: " Queen Victoria and Prince Albert to their grandson, Frederick William Victor Albeit, in remem-competitor. When the Southern members decided c D d M i t—A special diepatch to The Cincinnati Gazette —Capt Delvigne, the Grst inventor of percussion whereupon it was announced that the banks had states that on Friday Mr. Blair, before tbe Committee locks, has had-a pension of 6,000 franca conferred uponmade himself obnoxious to tfe North by vblent de-foUowed by a formidable third party movement inpolicycious Democrats here, and it is well worthy ofThis is the view taken by the most saga-So far as Judge Douglas is concerned, the South ?roper does not regard him as a strong candidate, f nominated, Alabama, Mississippi, and South Car-is just commencing to shoot out.olina would bolt, and set up a man of their own, "Wednesday evening. On Saturday, the Democraticparty cunningly hired, for every evening till the elec- tion, the Town Hal), and no room of sufficient capacity could be had fcr Mr. Corwin. Had the city been in- vaded by a horde of Feejeo barbarians, or South Caro- lina fire-eaters, there could not have been a greater excitement. The Republicans resolved at once t"> build'a Public Hall forthwith. By noon, ample means w t r e subscribed. A central location was secured. Notices were seat to the various Republican cirpen- ters, joiners, artisans, mechauic8> and laborers, both in \he city and neighboring towns. Early on Monday1 .morning, ample materials were on the ground, ano th-*who would receive a large support in other States.has no strength below the Potomac. That sectionsecure it. All the fancy candidates who have beenwith a solid expression, they will be required to give in adhesion.templated visit of their future King. An ode of wel-So far as the Administration is concerned, ittheir shoulders, awl they seem to have been suc- its party. Now that the popular branch is lost, and PROVIDESCK, March 26, 186*0.injured party affcr such an outrage. heeded as the idle wind. After the first of May it will barely get toleration, because, whatever may be the President's own feelings, the office-holders will labor for victory as the last hope of their ownInside of Cogress they are running along onInnocent topic Mr. Dan. Sickles's right to his tenure.—Republicans from every quarter of Connecticut Society.No reverse has fallen so heavily upon the Ad- in the House. The preceding three* or four were ministration as the defeat of its faction in Cali-ttainly devote to cobbling the rules of the body, fornia, atd the ascendency of Mr. Latham. Pat-to see if somepf the obstructions to business could ronage was squandered there with the most lavish not be removi. The members work by the job hands, and entin^y under the manipulation of Dr.now, and the are to be excused, therefore, for Gwin, backed by the orders of the President. tjying to sac time. Three intelligent business The Constitution here was enlisted to give officialterest, so that in all human probability the entire vote ranks. Every one, old or young, is a committee man, val, a bevy of the prettiest girls in the room formed aseat has been te leading theme f >r a couple of daysof* the State will be out.W e are holding meetings all over the State, and inevery city, town and village. The RepublictiiUB areboByto avert the calamity of appearing to [ndorse the southern wing is 130by 60feet, the northern wing —For seducing Miss Christie of St. Mary's, C. W., Pro-Slavery Democracy. 50 by 20, giving a total area of 8,800 feet. The Repub- under circumstances of an aggravated character, Weir,Oar Board of Canvassers for the State predict a ma- lican Camp measures on the ground 70 by 100 feet, the the railroad contractor, lias paid $50,000 as a compro-utterance of the dispositions of the Administration,and every other appliance was called into requisi- thirty days^nd not work ten hours a day either. tion to create an influence by which the delegation Suppose a ^tail trader wanted to buy a box of to Charleston might be controlled. Yet with all shoes of tb Lynn strikers, and was not determined this exertion of power and'pffice the Administrationwhether thave two rows or three rows of pegs, all was not able to elect a single friend. Mr. Lathamsouth .sallery is 100 by 11 \, and the west gallery 58 bymise to her friends to avoid prosecution.xten could t*e all the public business before Con-which have been held, as specimens:gress, and d it up completely and thoroughly in—A bill has been introduced into the English Parlia-ment entitled " a bill to enforce uniformity in the useof ecclesiastical vestments by. Priests and Deacons oftbe United Church of England and Ireland." Priestsand Deacons at all their services and offices other than tional tone. He gestures very little, though with ex- sermons are to wear a plain white surplice with sleoveaLEGISLATIVEDIGNITY INNEW-JERSEY.They are also allowed, at discretion, to wear a cassock,a plain black scarf, a square cap, and if he be a gradu-ate of a University, the hood proper to his degree.Aichbishop8, bishops, ministers of cathedrals and col-legiate chapels, are exempted from the operations of and illustrations he exceeds, I think, any public manCorrespondence of Tbe N. V. Tribnne."Being well read in the classics (both prose and poetry), he brings to his familiar command their beat stores; and in the selection of his hiitoricad allasionaThis* the way Congress does things, so far as busi- Now be iiJ3fcS^ai;fcat thie city is a favorite head-ness concerned. When it comes to talking, that quarters with'i^BKg.great showmen of the country.ean) bad in any quantity, and of any quality, for They come here with immense caravans, erect im- the'lent men of the country, no doubt, are inCogens. menee tents in the suburbs, into which by means of /the Senate, the Florida claims have been up, drum, and fife, and placard, they seduce vast a&Lhe Terbose Mr Hallory has had his say upon crowds even in tbe dullest tim«8, and. leave us atHu>, and the wearisome Mr. Bayard is to have a the end of a week with thousands of dollars in thei i i a fortnight hence to go over the ground in rela- p<ckets. In the train of every caravan there figarerte thereto, already thoroughly broken up, cross-Vmont discussed the question day before yester- ary how to laogb. Hence you will infer that w The alliance they made with the Democracy is work-a professed clown, whose sole business it is to makor three times as strong as the Republicans proper, iaIsland of St. Vincent. sau, N.The dinner took place at Nas-wi h stunn-'ng effect, " The Abolitionists care for noth- pjved, harrowed, and pulverized. Mr. Foot of the aforesaid crowds laugh, heartily if he-can, bu having ita influence on the.minds of considerate vowk ing but Qnasbee !" The Democracy didn't see the1. Foot always talks* to the point, and always•nbits great foree of logic, precision of language, jd propriety of manner. No man is more earnest, Unified, OT sincere, and no one is listened to with jeater respect for his opinions. Even the fire- •ters are compelled to recognize his elaims to theirjspect, to such a degree that they admit they would }t think of dissolving the Union in case he Bhould b elected President. Let Mr. Foot's name be dded to the Chicago list of candidates. But Mr. -^oot is wrong on the Florida claims. Florida wallows from the Treasury as a sandbank swal- jws water. She has enough and more than enough (n her claims in general and on th>s one in particular.2ut the speculators .will occupy just about so much if ihe time of Congress, on one scheme or another. Jant now the Treasury is short, and the gate is Bore apt tobe shut down on them than when money * easy.Coming singly, they are quite refreshing. But when they come by dozens, say in the shape of a Hous i of Representatives, the case is altered iLast Thurs- day night the members of the House all put on the fool's cap. It was the closing night of the session. They were waiting for the Incidental bill to be re- ported, and to while away the tedium of a three hours' delay, they went into full carnival. As they enact these antics every year, the public crowded in to see, hear, and laugh. The galleries were so jammed with ladies that hoops became perfect nui-sances. The lobbies were also crowded, indeed everybody who could get inside was there. As many members had been preparing for this saturna- lia during the whole session, the fun, when once started, was kept up without intermission. Every- body entered into it with a will. Here is a mereThe people are lookingfor Gov. Corwin with a great the orator with indignant emphasis—and the applause—Carl Schurz, born in a castle upon the Rhine, of which hie father was a tenant, passing' successively through the preparatory school and the gymnasium into the university, he found himself, at the age of 19 years(in 1848), a leader among students in a revolution against his legitimate government, which was for the time emothered-^-then the object of police search, and almost seizure—then a wanderer/—anon an officer in a fortress, where, for twenty-three days, 6,000 youthful Germans withstood an army of 40,000 soldiers, com- manded by the Prince of Prussia in person, whichMr. Lippencott presented a memorial returningthanks to the Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-pany for their trouble in examining the bills pre-sented to the Legislature, and directing whichshould be rejected and which passed. But hethought even this system might be improved bykeeping out, in future, all bills which the Companyhad not examined and approved. Mr. Waldron of-fered a resolution that the Clerk give each membera drink out of the bottle which stood behind theSpeaker'schair. Thiswasopposedonthe-ground oftheDemocraticparty. ~•Palladium describes what foltowed: " Here a singular scene occurred.him to the United States. Mr. Sihbxz first eettledTnself. As to Mr. Guthrie, it probably wont do, 12 o'clock, to "do ashe d—d pleases." Mr. Drake hopes.though Pennsylvania cast a longing, lingering look offered a resolution that Mr. Dobbins be allowed to Mr. Mackubin expre?s«d surprise to hear ).u> partym that direction. But Toombs says decisively No. pasture hi« bull-calves on the limestone hills of Pas- friends talk thup, alter they had pledged taemaelvea in that, it should be so. [H«re the applause was com-Penn*ylvania intends to insist on her tariff inter- saic, and Mr. Habermyer another that the Tally- private caucus with him, to support the measure.pletely overwhelming.] Well, gentlemen, I say noth- ing against Mr. Seward personally."On the final pas*aj.»e of tbe b 11 only five Democrats, waggar Guards, of which the Clerk was Captain, to wit: Adams, Clark, Crittenden (Register of Crow- meet, after the adjournment, for drill and drinks. Wing Lv&o-Office), Mackubin, and Nelson, daied toA member was brought to ihe bar of the House for face the music and vote Yea.est. Jdr. Moorhead, of the Pittsburg Dintriet, made an earnest effort in this direction, in the House, a Jaw days ago. j . s. P.T H E NOMINA TION A T CHARLESTON.r » « c Oar Own Commpondoxti.W ASHINGTON, March 24, 1860.AJ1 the indications now point with reasonable-•attainty to the nomination of Mr. Hunter at smoking a cigar. Mr. Dobbins moved that the hands of the overwhelming RepoVican majorky. teachings."and decency, of any we have had for. years past.. the following: Suneook was a flourishing RepublicanThere is universal rejoicing over their adjourn- town— flourishing on a large cotton-mill. Last year it ment, and wo pray Heaven the like of them mayTHE$20,000JNC ONNE WORK.C TICUT-QUICKOn Friday evening, a very large meeting was heldTRENTON, March, 26, 18C0.Every showman finds ii ncoissary to keep a and, all agree, delivered one of the most able and oli>- Lincoln, Banks, and Fremont, when named, were hand-at Newport. Mr. Stanton cpoke here over two hours,rows, te Senate would probably stick out for two clown. In witnessing tbe antics of these monarchs qper.t speeches ever delivered in that ancient town, s' mely cheered. " Little as the reports of the Con-in the West. He h?s rare facility in telling an anec- dote, and tbe audience can at once see its point of ap- plicability. Hi's long residence in the Westr—having gone there when young—has rendered him familiarthe act. The. penalties for nonconformity with its TOWS,and, finally, a Committee of Conference of the circus-ring, and listening to their jokes, ib fi. S. Bartlett, eeq., followed with a spirit-stirring ad- vention look like it," says the correspondent of The requirements are very severe.wonl*ettle the question, and save the Union by has aometijsaes. been with me a wonder where so drese, which was exceedingly well received. In 1856 Times, " I believe that the delegation at Chicago will—The Hon. Caleb Gushing arrived in this city fromaettiii upon three rows of pegs l«*lf way round. t o m»ny sho^l^nfi4» ableNewport gave a majority for Fillmore. A large num- ber of those whosupported Fillmore then were pres- ent at thiB meeting, and a most happy impreBsion was made upon them.Saturday evening meetings were held at Bristol and Warren. They weie well attended, and a deppioppres- sion was made upon the people. . The former was addressed by Mesei8. Stanton, Bartlett and Smith, and the latter by Gov. Hoppin.Ihe fact that the conservative Republicans, as they call themselves, did not dare to make a nomination by themeelves, claiming, as they did at the start, to be t woConnecticut and tcolf lodgings at the Astor House on with the growth ot the country, aud he ie always full of its early incidents, and Well stored with anecdotes;Saturday last. On Sunday, attended by the Chevalier of all its puHic men and localities. Mr. Bates has Wikoff, he had a prolonged interview with Mr. and more power upon facts before a jury thau he has uponMrs. James Gordon Benaett at .their mansion on Wash- the law before.the Court. He ie too full of pleasant remark and playfulness, and has rather too much ofington Hights, and on^Monday-Jbeleft for Washington. rhetorical style for a close, dry law argument, and yet. —Ex-President Pierce recently addressed an assem- he is upon the whole a fine lawyer, and as a jury law-be for Fremont, and that the State will ratify iia ac- tion."—In Salem County, N. J., in the Spring elections, the Opposition have made great gains throughout the county, securing fifteen out of twenty members of the Board of Freeholders, a majority never known in the county, as well as most of the Collectors, Assessors, &c.—Mr. CushiDg, at one of the pointa in his Connecti-cut speech where the applause was t> come in, said,$ fully, ably, and with commendable brevity. are tolerably familiar with this class of artists ing their death . point, and sat stupidly silent. "Nigger .'" explaineddeal of interest.'TO MAKE MINNESOTAASLAVESTATE!came according to programme.—The drinking establishments in Charleston are not allowed to keep open on Sunday B. Visitors to that city at the time of the holding of the Democratic National Convention thould be made aware of the fact, and pre-Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.]^ - S T . P A U L , Minn., March 20,1860.rthe first day, but rallied on Wednesday, under the goodnews from abroad, and elected their candidates for one in its'place, with the exception of the nail, whichSeveral years jcaloui-y, occasioned by her allowing a salute from acne majority.The Republicans were distanced in Newport onSelectmen by a clean majority.The First Ward, in Portsmouth, in which Gov. Good-cratic Represf natives the last two years: The Mayor by the aid of tho new line of railroad just opened be- and, in consequence of a dispute with tho clergyman of of Portsmouth has been vetoing, with perfect looseness, tween Atchison and St. Joseph, where connection is the parish, declared that he should not be interred ia—Gen. Pomeroy arrived in Washington from Atchi- win resides, was not only revolutionized, but gave son, Kansas, in three days—the quickest trip ever made neariy 100 Republican majority. It sent three Demo- from that Territory to that city. It was accompliehedThe quarrel was neverfield was literally filled with worhmeD, and the building went up like ma«ic. The hall is intended for this has been expended in the columns of Administration George Law. Banks is terribly in favor of Douglas j gave great offense to the bhvhop of tbe diocese.and the coining Presidential elect ion. It is well floored, ban 8mpie galleries, is lighted with gas, and will seat from 3,000'to 1,000. It will be cpened on Wednesday eveiing, and ioaugurated by Tom Corwin. Th9 Demo; ratio party have compelled Ropublicaus in other places by the same policy to erect in pablio hills. One of the Lrgeet political gatheriogs in this State.was held in a hall in New-Haven, last week, which was built by the Republicans. The enthusiasm and public spirit fcrcibly reminde one of ihe exciting days of log cabins and Tippecanoe, and appearances e^eem to in- dicate a f-imilar political conquest. Every true son of Connecticut seems to be determined to grate his wooden nuimegs in his own way, and not in, Bel-The Statesman adds: ''No small amount of labor to the altar the daughter of our well-known citizen, this spot bis remains were deposited, and thevintcrmea; newspapers to convince the voters of New-Hampshirea word, foreign affairs affairs at all. Ourdirection heTefore, and are ready to do more* Just what time we shall commence a from job of this sort, and how much of it we shall do, is not to be fsretold by the best of prophets. Our scouts are out and on the wat-h, with nothing else to do; and .wo have been taugit that Satan finds some mischief •till for all such iders. Our ships and officers are m the Gulf beggir* somebody to knock the chip offHampshire upon the Bame course ehe has been sailing absolutely, but with the intent that he shall use it cessful in one eae at least. Of course we are the power in the Senate is shaken, its wishes go un- Republicanism in Rhode-Island ia undergoing a tre- several years." toward the relief of the poor of the North Churchprenticeship?fceie are just•*)y ruffle outside our domestic concerns is touch-nois* Mexico. W e have done son*> stealing in thatformers already number forty. The Montreal Oratoriomont's, and the " extended brandies."IN RHODE ABLAZE.w. c. s.ISLANDdeliberate opinion; on a quiet day, when the weatherwas mild and the traveling good as could be expectedin March; a day so auspicious that the Domocrats coulinot say the opportunities were better for us than them-selves—a larger number than at any previous electionturned oot, and gave 4,500 majority for keeping New- between $3,000 and $4,000, to the Rev. Dr. Dutton,voters."—It is rumored that the public may look for a " History of the Reign of Queen Anne," from the hand of Mr. Thackeray.— A correspondent, who is well acquainted with Mr. Bates, sends to a Buffalo paper the following pic- ture of that gentleman:" Mr. Bates is about sixty-four years of age; is about five feet seven inches in hi«;ht, and is rather stoutly built, and stoops a good deaf, and particularly so when addresbing a Court or Jury, but, when par- ticularly interested or excited in the trial of a Buit, or in 8/fdressing a popular assembly, often becoaaes asr straight as a reed. His hair, fifteen years ago, was an Eure jet black, and was so stall* aud unmanageable, thate always wo;e it, and does, cropped quite close to tho head, within tbe past ten years he has grown very gray. His forehead is square, and not high, but has; large breadth. His eyes are.black aud small, and? deeply set, with shaggy brows. Hie nose is broad, and nostrils vjjde, and perhaps a believer in Lavater would eay that his nose was his best feature. His mouth ia well formed, and lips rather thin for beauty. Hia chin is prominent, and cheek-bones hardly observable, althougn bis face is not fall. Tho tones of his voice* are very mild and pleasant; atd, though hois quito subject to excitement in the management of a suit, yet he rarely ever raises his voice al>ove a loud conversa-REPUBLICANISM ALL—Tli3 last levee held by Queen Victoria has been pronounced " a failure" by the London press.mendous trial. The entire State is aroused as it neverwas before in a political contest. At first there was write or eay to the editors of The Hartford Press,something of a feeling of indifference to the result, j tbat they are, even the most ardent of them, astonished that has at length given away to the most intense in- at the most wonderful zeal burning in the Republican—The young ladies of one of tbe villages in Jefferson County have adopted a novel method of. raising funds ior charitable and religious purposes. At a late festi-and Ex-Gov. "WiDiam W. Hoppin, addressed a large Hut. like that of their Sham Democracy, i3 the main and enthiieiaptic meeting gathered from all toethat they were working and voting in direct hostility at'the Convention, but he abides by the Law.to Slavery, let me call their attention to the following —At the request of several of his colleagues, Mr. L. fortress was surrendered only when provisions had vices, but 1 thinx I have never known him to take proceedings in the Senate of Minnesota on the 5th B. Comins has engaged a room for the headquarters of given out, and intelligence had been received that any part in the week-day services of the church he at- instant. Mr. Mackubin, a Democratic member from the Massachusetts delegation to the National Republi 6nccor was impossible. Escaping by means of a sewer tends, and I suppose this may be attributed to his in- St. Paul, introduced a bill for "an act to promote the can Convention at the Tremont House, and accommo which led from the fortress under the walls to an disposition to appear in public outside of his strict pro-dations for delegates and substitutes at the Tremont open field, and again a wanderer, with an indict- fessional duties as lawyer. He rarely attends any" social intercourse and to protect the rights of citizens ment hanging over him and * price set upon his " of the United States while temporarily sojourning in and BriggB House. head, he was successively a sojourner in for-public gathering. As an office lawyer he is very in- vestigating into any matter of business upon which ha is consulted, and of Jate years but few suite of impor- tance have been instituted in St. Louis, in which Mr. Bate* has not been consulted before thay have been commenced. He enjoys that rare pra'89 for a lawer of not advising clients mto difficulty for the purpose of profiting by it, in tbe ehade of a good paying suit. If he thinks that the applicant foradvice is right or wrong;he will tell him so, and if his advice is not taken the consequence must be risked. I do not think Mr. Batea is by any means wfcat might be called a great man, butne is exceedingly sensible, and has capital judg- ment and much force of character, added to the pureat integrity and dignity of character. His friends think; he wouJd make a good and safe and valuable President, aud perhaps he would; but with that question I have> nothing to do now, as my article is DUI a personal sketch of the £ entleman."—At Gen. Fleury's last ball in Paris was a charac- terquadrille,thepersonsdancingallpersonatingfairy- tale celebrities. The Countess de Vie was dressed as PussinBoots. Wecana&mreourlacyreadersitwaa not an unbecoming costume. Large bucket top-boots, large trowsers trimmed with swausdown. jacket of cat- skin, and a sort of cafe head reposing on her forehead. What was extremely amusing was tha verve with which the guests kept up the characters they were representing. Everybody was announced by the name of the character. One young lady per- sonated Snow.—The New-Y ork correspondent of The Springfield Republican writes that the Rev. Henry Grattau Gain- nees, the sensation Euglish preacher, now holding forth daily here, 3nd whom thousands are rushing to hear, is a young man of thirty, who looks younger, tall, slight, and elegant in figure. Hia black hair is thrown back from a delicate, paleface, remarkable for sensibility and for the sweetne&s cf its expression. Ha has a dark eye, and a mobile mouth; even in repose, sympathy quivers in its tremulous curves. He has aa acutely nervous organization; he issensitive,andeym-'pathetic. In his spirit, not in his brain, lies the talis- man of his power. His thought docs not wander amid the stars, but hovers on a level with your heart. His language does not scintillate tbe cold sheen of a. rapt imagination; it is warm with the lifivblood of emotion- Hie voice, solemn, far starching, vibrating with * sweet* half-melancholy tenderness, you feel is sur- charged with a message for you, although you hear it amid gathered thousands. Tho man is consecrated tobis work; his whole soul is baptized with the love of it;, aud tho great God bleeses him that it is.— A n e wLng, entitled " A Court Lady," is jmnounced toappoar this week in The Independent.—It is said that Mr. Niblo will " retire" on the 1st of May next, a millionaire in reality.—Some of the Chicago papers having stated that Gov. Bisf oil was not a Catholic, The St. Louis Dem- ocrat, at the request of the Rev. F, Fit/.gibbon, Cath- olicPastorofSpringfield,statesthatthoGovernorwas intieduced into the Catholic Church in Washington"the State of Minnesota." .The following is a verbatim copy of the bill:" Be it enacted by the Let/Mature of the State of Minnesota. That any person or persons, party or parties, oitizens or re- sidents, of taiy of the United States, may reside temporarily in this State, for tbeir health, pleasure, or business, with their ser- vants, bond or free, and shall not for a period of.eix months' con- tinuous residence, at any one .time, be deprived of the service a n d n s e o f such servants, but shall be protected in the undis- turbed possession and benefit thereof, as provided for by the local laws and regulations of the States of which such persons, or oarties, axe citizens or resideutB."• m e t i t : o • — - ' -—Caleb Gushing delivered a speech in New-Haven eign provinces, a disguised patriot in his own a few nights since, in which he defended Slavery and land, the successful plotter of a scheme for theMr. Andrews, a Democrat from St. Cloud, who wants to go to Congress, moved the foliowiog amendconsin, residing at Milwaukee, where he is dis- tinguished for his attainments ia literature, his success- ful practice of the law, and hie eloquence, readiness, logicand argumentative force in politics. Mr. Schur/. has shown himself, in repeated efforts, to be one of tho best "stumpers" (a phrase now perfectly naturalized with him,) which the Republican party has in all the Northwest. Asagentleman,ascholar,andastates- man, his reputatkn is enviable, and so deep a hold has he taken upon the popular mind in the beautiful Stateofhisadop'ion,thathejvUmissed,beingputuponthe track for tho office of its Governor at the period of the last election.—The London papers report that M. Jullien, the celebrated musical conductor, attempted to commit — A. letter to THE TRIBUNE from Iowa says: " The suicide in Paris by stabbing himself. His concerts have be«n postponed,-and he has been placed underment: ,.which the Democrats on the platform and elsewhereraised a hies Then, for a minute, all was uproar,wstfi evident to all that more than two-thirds of the au- dience were good Republicans! Mr. Cnsbing at first lookf-d surprised; he sciled a curious smile, perceiving thathehadanunusualaudiencetodealwith,andat once btruck into a very moderate tone of remark. The Democratic leaders on the platform were also greatly eujprieedanddipconcertedatthissuddenrevelation, ano whispered togetter. Mr. Cuahiog went oa. He (Seward) is the man who may be and probably will be the stscdard-bearer of tbat party [applause]; it is besthisses on ot e side and applause on the other, until the • " Provided, Tbat notbbag in tin's act shall be construed *o applause absolutely drowned every other sound, and itabridge in any manner the liberty which ail persons in this State are entitled to uudtr and by virtue ef the Constitution."Air. Pettit (Dwiuocru'j d!d not think it good policy to press the measure at this critical period in the hiatoryrefusing to read the minutes of a certain military Simultaneous with the foregoing transactions, Col. tween B&tep, Cameron, and Lincoln. But within thecompany, whereupon a reprimand was ordered, but Robertson (Dein.) presented ia the House some con- last sixteen days a perfect revolution of sentiment' hasothers 4i hoped it would not pcricuU,'" a standing current resolutions, embodying the same damnable occurred in this section (Keokuk) in favor of Seward.vulgarism used by Mr. Pops a hundred times doctrine, leading to the introduction of Human Slavery Tbat recent ppreoh of bis seems to have set our prairieduriug the session. The Speaker now began into a Free State. The measure fjund more supportersin the Hoae<;, but finally met an ujnomin'ous defeat at all on fire with Republican excitement for him aad hisWe annex ((exclusive «. ftor the weekMr. Drake be required to take to himself Than ended another attempt of the Democratic partyCharleston, and to the inevitable defeat of Judge a duck. Here a shower of paper balls came flying to nationalize Slavery. Douglas. This result wai foreshadowed clearly, at the Speaker's head from all parts of the house,A. B. WKUHKR,—Niagara Falls has an efiioient Republican Club called " The Cataract'" under tbe Presidency of S. Pettibone.to ho a preponderance of strength in favor of being adopted, Mr. Peckham introduced another,thanking the boot-blacks at the various hotels for Connecticut, on Wednesday evening in New-Ha-^*HJa». It was necessary to understand the their magnificent work. Resolutions were also—Richard Taylor, son of Preeident Taylor, is one ofpassed thanking the Shanghaes for the aid they gave•£TM A\A * * * »hould come from the South, aswey u><t in all their conferences, much sagacity required the Speaker and Clerk to pass around the on Elections, made a Btrong case, which, unlesa it can him by Napoleon III.was not required to determine upon whom the sup- bottle, but the Clerk replied £ l w ^ f "?,Ctl<,n would *» ultimately concen-ube met and ejpla'ned away, will insure him hia seat.He showed by tbe moet conclnsive evidence tbat the—Rossini, while recently at a dinnerparty in Paris,said of Richard Wagner, the composer, " lie ia a manalready gone into liquulation Another resolution'it couldn't be did." Then came a vote of thanks to the members of the£h£»K » ; r V i u n t * r . h a » certain negative merits Third House, to whose liberality they were, if pub- irregularities,, fraud, and corrupt conduct on the psit of of immense talent, but utterly perverted by his falsethe ballot-box stuffiing of the friends of Mr. Barrett insought notoriety in that way; yet no man ha* been it contained appropriations for all creation, it was ethers, wnU compel the exelusion of the entire vote in, just expressed a most enthusiastic opinion of Wagner'snunciation, after the fashion of othere who havetruer to Southern policy, or more effectively advo- rushed through in hot haste, and an hour after mid- cated its leading measures.—Wm. Henry Fry wijl address masB meetings inPERSONAL.these precincts from the count. This will take from goniue. RossinijWho did the honors of the table, handednight the House adjourned finally, the members Mr. Barxett upward of 800 vote?, overcome the ma- round plates with magnificent turbot and caper since, brance of tho 5th of March, 1859." This date is that ofI h e Democracy are not ignorant that in present toddling off to their taverns to drink or snore, ac- jority returned, and give Blair between 200 and 300 ma- but upon Oarafi a ,plate be put only sauce. " Wheroi»g a Southern candidate they incur «ome hazard cording to their several abilities to maintain an of defeat. Yet they mean to act upon a deliberate equilibrium.calculation of chances. It i« their hope and expec Nearly 3()0 bills have been passed during the pres-tationthatMr.Bewardwillbenominatedat entSession. Ofthese,11wereforrailroads,none, nearly1,000,whichhisfriendsclaimislessthanheac- —TheKingofSwedeniflonthesicklist.Hefell, Victoriainverywell,"andhastakentohoops."Chtcago. If this influence could in any way con- however, of any great length, several being street tually received. The evidence is said to bo very inter- recently, from his horse, and farther injured himself byhe attexuled with the same praetital result as in nawi*^ and the interminable bore of authorizing ganization is going on steadily there. The example of December 26,1859. Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069—.-..-..•• —-••"^•"'•'iiMMMiiMigffiiTAriiiaiaLMiiiJiiliiathe daughter. The fatier accepted him; the girl did complied with at his funeral.Philadelphia, where he remained about three years. of tbe audience applauded the name of Seward, at' For tbe past five years he has been a citizen of. Wis-popular mind here five weeks ago seemed divided be-restraint.-•—Bishop Brownell, the presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United Suites, has published a kt'.er announcing the canonical admission of the Epis- copal Churci in Paris into union with the Episcopal Church of the United States.—" Out West," in Dixon, 111.,Peter Brandt, retat 18 years, is husband to Mary ditto, ;etat 16 years, and the two are joint proprietors of 22 pounds of boy a?tat six months—so that if Peter ie not one of the Apostles, he fan at least claim to be one of the early Fathers.A large number„.—The Prussian (Government hafi relieved Jewish the delegates to the Charleston Convention fromsoul and poetry."Caraes, another of the guests, hadpceniby Mrs.ElizabethBarrettBrown*jority. Ho also chul engea about 800 or 900 individual is my fish 7" exclaimed the hungry maeBtro. " Well,"voles cast for Mr. Barrett, and shows that they were replied Rossinij " I serve you according to your taste. her singing is received with enthuBiawn.fraudulent. Tins will bring up Mr. Blair's majority to This is like Wagner's music—all 3iuce, but no fish. —The laieBt accounts from England say that Queentribute toNthat result, it would be exerted without roads. ^ Five turnpikes were incorporated, one ca- esting, showing a systematic case of plotting and fraud —Poughkeepsie is excited over an elopoment byeven a dissenting voice. They believe that his springing over a wall in Christiania, while endeavoring which Jamee Sergeant lost his daughter Sarah and City in 1&>-J, that he received the last sacrament of thenomination would revive the sectional issue more nal, 13 manufacturing companies, 3 banks, 2 iitver before equaled in this country, except in Kansas. to rescue people from a fire. gained a son-in-law—one Sylvester Chichester. Syl- Church, prior to his death, at the hunda of Father Fiu-decidedly than that of any other candidate, and bridges, and G gas companies. Beside these there —Seven very effesfive Republican Clabe have been — Maria de Conception ie the principal of about 100 veBter for two years had visited Sarah. An Albany gibbon himself, and tliat one of his hist request* ww, •through it a clamor might be raised, which would was a great amount of that small local legislationP ^v"Jm r A ^«w;JerHey, guch a» changing men's organized in Broome Conn',y. The good work of or- different nanaes of the daughter of Quowi Isabella, born boy interrupted bin courtship by an offer of hie hand to that tho Catholic burial ceremonies «hould be fullyCourier writes:Buxton, the unsuccessful Tory candidate for Bary St —these prophets of evil worked right on, assuring the come, among other things, has been written, and a Edmonds, at the last election, to bribe the electors of people tbat New-Hampahire wou'd be damaged beyond cantata composed to it, and a society of amateurs in tbat borough. " The other day, a wagon, loaded her recuperative powers, if she did not cease ' making Montreal are preparing to practice it as soon as it is with hares and pheasants from the preserves of the un- war en the South.' But in 8pifo of all, and after a cam- ready. It is to be sung to the organ, and the per-* successful Tory candidate of last election, para-ied thaHaydn for the occasion.can cauee. In Summer and Winter—in fire and in frosttown, attended by tho Secretary of the ' Conservativo coolest pofieible consideration of public affairs by every Society intend giving a public performance while the Club.' Hares and pheasants were liberally distributod, man in our little Commonwealth capable of forming a Prince is there, and are practicing "The Creation" of to the number of three to four hundred, to the Torypaign when there was no obs'acle whatever to thedoing whatever he can to forward the good cauee.u line, and for a price paid down, permitted the gentlemen—In the Pro Slavery election H u t " in.Hartford, to take a running kiss of the lot.—Miee Louisa Piatt of New-Haven, recently de- ceased, bequeathed her property, to"the amount of08 now ordinarily used, and white bands; while atsermons a black gown is substituted for the surplice. when addiessing a Jury. His language is admirable,blage of over 700 guests at a complimentary dinner to the Hon. C. R. Nesbitt, Colonial Secretary of New- Providence, promoted to be Lieut. Governor of theyer upen a criminal case he bas but few auperiors in the country, if, indeed, any. His.extreme reserve andr indispotiiionto applause has kept him heretofore in thashade in this reepe :t." In his drees he is exceedingly plain, and I think t have never kno«vnhim to we:ir any ornament what- ever—not even a watch-chain, or ring, or-pin. He has always seemed to have a sort of good-natured con- tempt of what are called fashions, though he always drefcses with neatness, and almost always in black from head to foot. 1 le always carries a bag to Court, con- taining his books and papers, and it is always of one color—a dingy brown; tbe other lawyers in St. Louis use the preen bag of the English barrister." Personally Mr. Bates is very popular in St. Louis', among all classes and denominations. He is a member of the Old School Presbyterian Church, and has al- ways been a regular attendant upon the church ser-the baptism of the young Prince.—Madame Lagrange ionowin Buenos Ayres, wher :accumulated on a farm at Ludgvan.after his manittge he parted from his wife in a fit ofmale relative going abroad.made up, and be afterward lived in great seclusion. He evidenced little reelect for the forms of religion,and he ba* a peculiar facility in the selection of tha very words he wishes. www.fultonhistory.com 