 /illil^jlu^f^e; WTO.ffW w^HB^Pt•r Hmi. Jums B. Galkpfi «8 8ea«UiT tf tte Trauvytikic in Befcreaec t« tke Cl«v^ cnmtat Pitetfav. \between St. Joaepk,ncisnra (iuestiqr in oongieii. tel^ 186), lo J«Iy, 186S; Denver City and Salt:j lBtere«tisiffiM (he Seastv.Xf : -^NEW-YORK, WEIMVESDAT, KICEMBBB 12, 186awere not taken off by the " under-ground railroad,"PRICE TWO CENTS.^^^r^-nrittii^ii'blridB,instead of eeMngtotheaeenn or mirth and melody,N^roLaoaandthePrlaesof Walas arar ae thaa a^toiiivmake so much noise and eanfuafon about Hm ;Umn* REPORTS FEOH THB SOUTH.;and I am readytchMfl to 8«rrem" TooScsne time aao a Mr.PomUtOfKeataekr, (Daa.)—BeprescntatlTes Some.for them to decide. They compUin of us that wemeans—Mr. Wadb I do not kaow much about Itwill yet commence in the NatiOBal capital, imminent danger of dlssolHtlon. The whole social, publicto thewhichState, Alabama, to remain in the Union, it mast be done immediately, for an election for Reptesenta-The public printing is des'jned to become a bone political and commercial system is seriously disor-of eealcatian again. Foan, the House Printer, is dered, and shows unmistakable evidence of —Now, Sir, as far as Illinois is coiwemed, I am preparedwould have the effect of oaaaiag hi*leTahie. The leading idea is a Central Gov-tucky, and I desire briefly to set myself right upon the record.|icurity. I believe the great masa of the Sonthem peo- ple are opposed to it. Tet I win not stand security that If the Cotton States forai a Confederacy, theyexecuted the FugiUre SUve law with entire fideUtr so far as I know. There may be instances where a fugitive slave run* away, and is never found. Thanarabradng the Middle,Western and borierI wish to give the country the reasons thatand they would be sent to the 8outtkern.8tates.Dela-> Mm* eiicnmstances.Scon wiU arrive here to-morro.w. feifc Poet-oiBce Committee of the Hooaa iMtthiethe object. Wtnt is intended to be executed this byoff from the Border States, and sold t«.the South, willby Mr. Couax, Chairman. theying to-day, and organized. ^CommodoretheCongresslmkal Bmtogobaek. Itdlyou the question is setUedineaocessor to Mr. Cobb shall be appointed.Mr. Cobb to-day formally took leave of the Presi- dent, the interview being pleasant and of a private«haracter.The House Union Committee held their first meet-indictment did not diow tlat the paxty was eiar la could be devised, by this Coigress or any other. It tion for themselves. I will not complain, wlten summening the dVhd to judgment And so, now, yon Kentucky.izing the issue often millions in Treasury notes, givessaidcutive. So far as they have the power, they have ing. Sir, in this Union, it is ualversal emancipation, comlnaethe Onkm from the extraordinary speech sulted in uila<iiaUon and relsrlmlnatlan.WAiBiifaTDli, TneaiUr, Dec II.Vr.'OtTnuuK has b«en tendered, and haa ac- the market rates, as the wants of the Government slave has been reclaimed from theof anv State organiza- Mr. of (Dem.)—Our Kues, Tiiglnia,««|Ma3, ikcTreasnry Department -ItsIfr.'Bccsca.ofNorthCarolina,butwaedeclined days.avoid it if we can. The bonier States can anddanger,andoftenlossoflife. Itisnotadelect withoutSlavery. Theirclimateandsoliareappro- ceptitpower to the Secretary of the Treasury to sell theivat done theirIt wa« tendered may require, the bids to lie tnvited by a notice of ten except under circumstances of the•« Tforlhem man could have been named who would outstanding Treasury notes, and a that now and then a slave is reclaimed. But it has setting authorizing loan,for ourselves an independent soverei^ty,Mr. WiorALL, of Texas, (Dem.)—Slaves have beeahave' bad the loan taken at once.•CejCTTOV is reported as being determined to hold onup&c., was taken up, after some remarks from Mr. Riga "been done at the point of the bayonet, and at an ex- upon which none of these causes can produce any Mr. PcoB—Let me read the rest [Laughter.] I Constitution. Our rights bare been violated.vBtU be is discharged, which he is likely to be as soon«S'Gonau arrives. In the meantime, Mr. Touon to the Coomdttee on Finance.sentiment is defective andwrong. Nor do Isecession will never be satisfied with any concession made by the North that dees not fully recognize notMr. IviBsoic—Twenty years ago an elaborate re- port was made-by order of the Vtrgiaia Leglalatura, proving that one hundred thousand dollars* worth of slaves were lost annually from Its Umits, by theirbeing fugitives.Mr. PuoB—I do not believe that all tha Slave Stateshave lost a hundred thousand dollars by their fugi-Mr. WisTAU—The Senator from Illinois,Instead of answerine one question, propound* another. Mr. DAvn cited the bill annuling the legislatlan efwUl oentinae to oiEciate as acting Secretary of thebills.No, Sir, theyTreaeury.Seactary Thovtbos had a long private interviewthe common Territories with their slave property, to Congressional protection whileKansas.This caused a general Interchasge of ezprea>ioDsbetween Messrs. Davis, WiorAU., BBoira and Dora-LAS, which, on motion of Mr. Wisfall, the pendingagainst Mr. CAHuum In favor.Mr. Rioi, of Miimesota, (Dem.,1 moved its referenceIs It, Not because the law is defective, bat becausetell Senators that the Southern States now for movingFugitivetrampleddays,strong aim of the Govemnent to dlscharn Its tamo- permaDeaOir that it may never be removed. Then tions—a Goveraaient tliat won't do It I would spit Union f Is it designed to iatroduce iegislatio> frr UtkepaUcy oftheFree Stales. Tbey uadeiatand as that* Aarhw paW«»n,Bew teeming wMilliaaadlax- upon It I weaMaoonerkaTe tbedespoOaai of LenaSanPranelsce, States,more thantheyare now theby ConsUtaaoD, peciallyGovenaent that would aot aeasBaadMr. DocsLAi, of nUnsis, (Daaa.)—No law can he»^.' -l,-..M, flpijjy ...^ "^^m^immmsi'^^fifBmHmmBlave States, but depending for Its eonsummation on infiuenne my action, I object to (his Committee, or ware, Maryland, Virginia, Misaonri and Kentucky will not open the Slave-trade. Then, Sir, wliat will are instances where fames are stolen, and we never jeontinuance |on ninety is con- cerned, to the rights of the Southern people, ondarsaid to be left unexeeMsd, tmleas it Has baeajority that is irresistible. The Border States will be the hand of Ihe Bouthera petmie, oi cool tlie patriot- Mr. Gbzxic—I do not uphold Ihe entfaneat of ateal-The recent battle in the South -with Oov. FuTB to-day, in which he is said to have instructed to inquire whether the expenses of that as long as the Union and Slavery last together. very issue the friends of Mr. BaxcKinKioax putof bothbranch of tlie public service cannot be reduced with- Whenever a fugitive slave siiall be diseovered in one' «rged the ]7oprletyclined coCperatian, and declared his purpose to re- out detriment to safety, and that if they can, they be of the Free States, and the owner goes in pursuance ton States. I know there was a small party ooposedresigning.property, and it was on that ground he carried the Cot- to that principle, that followed the lead of the Senatorlo enter intothis discussion at thepresent time,fur-Biaia at hia post until the close of the Administration, further instructed to to wlwt extent, and what of law and the Constitution to reclaim him, what fol- report lows ! They obtain the arrest of tlie slave, but be:ther than to remark in response to the charge madeA ftttninent South Carolinian arrived this evening particular branch or branches can t>e dispensed vidth fore the case comes before a Justice, or beforefirom Cohunlna, and reports the popular sentiment or reduced. The resolution wasment can be there Is a mob rendered,judg- of free negroes,like is not enforced in all casea manyothers, alwaysfromservingontheCommitteeofThirty-three. Headopted.as now under- When the resolutions relative to the secessionI suppose there never was a statute law that was not my sometime violated with Impunity, or not enforcedsaid, if he understood aright, the first questiaa la or-<|nHa slA in Ohio, taken while on his way here. depression and distress. Commerce, trade andI hate seen dispatches and a letter from him, stating finance are deranged. The banks have ceased subject ? Does the Senator from Kentucky propose tliathi started two weeks ago, and is coming on a* to redeem their notes i'.i specie and the Treas- to amend the Fagitive Slave Law ? It has been sug- aooa aa possible. Meantime, his attorney would ury of the United States L^ unable to meet its gested that a remedy might be found in an alterationtake care of the work. current demands. A general gloom is spread over of the Consiftution in some act of Congress, in whichthe Free States, who secrete and refuse to bring back ment of Abolition exists. And when is that goingWsnxLi, whose ofSeial work Is done, prevents the entire country. Why i; all this. Sir ? Have tlie our slaves, will be liable in damages. In the firstmort from being accomplished with the forty per great elements of prosperity and progress suddenlycent, reduction. He wishes to sell his office to the been exhausted • No, Sir ! These were never more sue a State. A State in it? sovereign capacity cannot Government tiefore the 4th of March, and throw the abundant than now. What is it then. Sir ? Why, be brought into Court If a thousand slaves were re-fugitiveed without any judicial processtions of the State which border on the Kentucky and livesMissouri lines are in harmony wHh their neighbors 241h of this month, and the Convention is to meet oninto the hands of Laszik and Eno- xisB, who are simply his workmen, and Dteniocrats.more than the present appropriation. the great question whether the relations that bind usceived by Massachusetts, and refused to be returned, how oan vou sue the State of Massachusetts ? That would be Impracticable and impossible. Besides, youvor of Slavery, its morality. Its social blessings, everreach the ^iortnem ear? How are you going to reachthis feeling ? There is but one way. That is, to letthe South go out of the Union; and when the North newspapers are filled with tnc horrors of that rei^cue.sees its folly, then the feeling may recoil, and a sound And tJhe one case oithe rescue is paraded by the news- to other members, and therefore the time of the House stateoffeelingmayarise,bnt.nottillthen. Suppose paperpressofthewholecountry,andalthoughanex- wouldbeoccupiedindiscussingeachquestiOB,whsa constitutional guarantees are presented by this Com- ceptional case, it is represented as evidence of thepreseat printingit as wc it is the result of aSir, disguise may, politicaltheypanic. 1 almost shrink from enunciating the preciseThe appropriatiOB for the Government printing office cause, obvious as it is to every Senator and intelligent would have to sue in a Court of Massachusetts. The latMO.OOO. WxTOiLLwants$180,000. Heprobably manintheland. Wehearof Legislatures beingas- jurywhowastodecideonyourrightswouldbeajury fean the iacoming Administration will not permit sembled and Conventions being ordered to consider of Abolitionists. The defendants who are to bemittee—they report the proposed amendments to the general character. I recollect one instance of that there was not a moment to lose. The publicHrtsT tlie Superintendent, refuses now to recog-are to be continued or aot It is thus thatuponvrithin the last two as evi- thing ought to be done immediately. What months, paraded$90,000. The whole thing appears to be a plan to tlirow Foan out of office, and necessitate the purchase of tlie Government office authorized last year.is taken of it here. For one lam prepared to sepa- this battle and won it. It is the very principle which rate myself as far as possible from past prejudices and stands at the basis of their political organization. Itis, that Slavery shall not advance beyond its presentMr. I. then referred to the admission of Texas in1844, to the Territories acquired from Mexico iu 1B18,to the Tariff of 1833, and the violation of Compromise? He not. He trusted tliat Committee thought wheatogetherpapersnize Fobs's attorney, although he has done so all we have seen manifested deep concern and distress. and no man can that such a as suppose remedySummer. The course of the Superintendent is sur- Sir. this is a sad picture. It seems to me that that would be worth a dollar or a cent Then, prising, as Fo(ji!8 attorney offers to have the printing it is the part of patriotism and duty to Sir, Is it proposed to appease the Southern Statessuch treatment Thehadtalwei,sshoedfatro, teilsl tirtue. But it is country. Not only here, but all over the coua- notalltold. Ifthey fairly,theydangertection to Slavery in the Territories? Is that the remedy this resolution is intended to find out? I wantand sliall neverThe House printing will proceed as soon as Hzut most heartily commend the position of the Senator Territories of the United States. It must necessarilyby :Foe&'i attorney. A proposition will proba- from Connecticut, without understanding the desires meet the disapproval of every one of the 1,850,000 Re-recognizestily be made to reduce the binding forty per centThe scene in the Senate to-day was witnessed by a crowded audience. The debate amounted to nothing except crimination on the part of Southern men, and denials and recriminations on the part ufpublicans who cast their votes for Lincolk and Hasi- less of coimection with his party prejudices, for I be- lih, and how many Northern Democrats will bethese guarantees are to be wrung from them under smart-money granted. I think, therefore,mind. A gleam of had al- lightcome for»-ari.l boldly Constitution—position for theNorth he is gone forever. 1'beyelection was held demonstrateand taken his for the Union, iis madepromise, no matter how plausible, upon pajiEr. be-cause we know it will only be a paper compromise,which is not worth the snap of a man's finger. 1look upon this proposition as nothing else than a de-lusion and a snare, iiitcniled to operate on the public knowledge of rhe people. I wish wc could have a the questions which had agitated the country tiereto-the Constitu-Noithem Democrats. The Republicans generally among las fellow-citizens of the United States. A ence-Snuatter-.SoveieiRnty Party is represented oncauseavoided debate, and made no demonstrations of ao-into the mouths of the sntimissive party atSlave states. ,.Docolas' and Pcou's speeches arc re-rights,';it produced Twenty-five years ago they,,.«.,.*sarded.aa excellent The Republicans declined de-this floor, 'her cause has beeri our cause, and whoseCongressional protectionmentosupporttlieir party —now theytution,theyrepealedonce,T,1..1 J1,,,ii;7,Ci('0ried one of the most ultra;liou—bypublished,bate as (Useless, and for the sake of their personal self-respect, as they have been grossly attacked by Ivir- has been kept up a war in Congress upon their feel- entitled to equal participation in the common prop-than the 15th of January, unless and Vice-President, by an overwhelming majority. State 1 have the honor to represent never passed any something was done. His prayer was that somethingsox, Dan* and Baowa. Iviasos'a rampant speeches are denounced by all the Border State men.ings, well calculated to alienate them- Doctrines are held, to some extent, inconsistent with the equality of€ rty.possessionour property. I know well where the Wllmot Provisobe done to enable her to remain in tlie Union, cuiiftitutionai and equal principiea. He wasIsare Interestedin not ezctising any State, as all tives left? No more fatal can be taken for the in- ern States from any Territory which is now possessed step—Mr.is settled, and no power this side of Haven can giUves never come, it so happens that there Is the Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.) Speaker—genersUy indorsed, equallyin thepreservationof the terests of the great State 1 represent here. 1 remem- or may be hereafter ac(iuired. We will never submit ber that, yesterday, the .Senator from Mississippi said to any such dictation as that We are entitled to theyet In propor- avert the result. South Carolina has determined greatest excitemfnt on this question justto risk all on this die, and other States will fol- tion as recede from the line which dIviJ.-s the youThe SriAKiB—The previous question Is demandedUniim,K BiTT left for home to-night, with the understand-that war, and even death, was to be preferred to dis- protection of our property, and we intend to have it,in the Union if we canwethe from Alabama. low. Those west of the Bfississippi are moving. Fieefrom the Slave States. Those of us who live by gentlemaniing and declaration that he should never come back.ill withdraw It for a few moment*. Ifrom going out of tha terfere with the fedejul terfered with.consequences.suggeftUoa to the States of Virgin a and Maryland, each side of tlie river, with power to choose a third,and espcclnllv to the District of Columbia. I hear and we agree to abide by the award. But when you has concluded ?Lniou, but Uiat she wUl not in- auiliorUles unless slie is in-nity and influence in tlie world. If it was worth to circumscribe the area of Slavery, and to hem the sacrifices that were made for it. it is certainly in on all sides, and by the operations of the FederalMr. Cobb—ThenCo;. Labdik w;is exnectcJ to niglii, and wtU be eerena^d by his friends when he arrives.LAiaiB.—Itisreported,to-night,thatHz.»Rr, Intendent of Public Printing, has negotiated forworth the effort of preserving. If y.m want perma-—ple of the District of Columbia have turned all theirwiath, not to the true cause, the Abolitionists of theNorth, but they are venting their spleen and spite turbed by the outrages of these bills and the non-en- Carolina, (M /boici,)Juper- Wij.pendence liberty. They expect the dissolution ofthis Union is going to destroy the Capitol, and what they are talking about [Laughter in the gal- have given!and a half of Nortlicru men. I acknowledge therestand as equal States in thisConfederacy,of the most ultra, aye. two of them, inasSoutliempeople,but toputourselves in the The right.federacylongerIHe has told it here, regard-of men of his own party.lieve he is a friend of the President elect He baa brought to its support ?groundof so far as the complaint,thereadycomefromBoston. HehopedthattheNorthConvention of all the States cr.n be called wbon this floor by tlie Senator from liilnois, and his friend onlytwo-thirds of the State petitioii Congress. Every way from Ohio, Mr. Pfob. Would they vote for it? Weprobetion or disapprobation. The whole thing In theSenate Is regarded as a good indication fur the Unioncaus«,'as it.tihows that a majority of the Senate arelargely in favor of the Union, especially the Border received my co6peration long aiiJ cordially lur her tion. 1 tell Senators here to-day that the Southernmind In these seceding States, and to put arguirienlslist of the fugitive slaves that are returned, and of thenumber rescued, and I venture the assertion that forc would be taken hold of by the people themselves,ooun-which that law has been executed.we could have a record of the cases, they would beashamed to bring up that subject as one of theIcauses would endeavor to present some measure wlilchCongress must have a coiinecUoii with tills subject. We should laciuire calmly, soberly, mid earaeetly ofhave heard the Senator from Ohio he already saywithfidelity 1 believe ifand so disposed of as to give satisfaction to theeach other, wiiat ean be done here ?hyavmeybefreinentdryifnrgomforPtewnennstyl-vfaivneiay(eMars., Bainodlzwbh)a.t hWaes tno ajupsotliofgyy thof mmaskseoluftoirontheofPertshoenaUlniLoinb.erty bhiallvse. would restore harmony to this now distracted coun-1 have zealously contended, long before, onpeople will never be satisfied with anytliing short ofhad but have car- I had almost said one ofI think them all a violation of the spirit of the Consti-try. Aslhr as his own State was concerned, he would say that he knew she would not remain in tliis Con-. . .. >, ^ j u m- cause, to some extent, has been embraced by a million— PresidentThis Is the result of our prayers and expostulations. such law. I w ish there was no cause of complaint ofThey have acromplished all tlus without the power any other State. WUle we hear of Personal Liberty mightfor example,|lhc exclusion of owners of slaves from Ihe Territories. But is dissolution theand patronageNow,they blllspresentedascauseoftold,and, oneuponnot a Secessionist. Hethe States;desiredpeace, but he desiredMatters in the House amounted to nothing to-dayexcept in a business view. The action of the House remedy? Is that the best and wisest of all alterna- lead.It would lead to the total exclusion of the South-and out of the Union cannot get it in. I understand tha object of .MiLssdcclareshls intention to leave on Friday per- be denied, let two- thirds of the States cull a Convention. all this prohibitory legislation. The result of both m.-uiently, and says nothing can stop South Carolina I will resort to any honorable means to save the Un- is to exclude the South from any entrance into ion. 1 wish to see this G;ivemment maintain its dig- the Territories with their slave property. It is itThat this Union is to be dissolved is a fixed the borders can live In peace with each other.Mr. Davis—I hope the gentleman from Alabamahonor, and that no State would remain in the Union less than as an equal. Let the South ask redress— if itget it,ifupon fact,andnotinkeringoftheConstitutianorofCom- Thereneverwasatimewhenmyfriendnent peace must strike at the root of the disease,ma,theythis Hoos* their reasons therefor. It may not be Im-youhave eachrequealodto this proposition In sobmit all 'diese dlfflculties to a would in a few years add to the power of Van Freeaad find them. But I anof theapeaUng ootanlaiBlibecome ofCocmlttceof Thirteen. IdoHt exactly understand States of this Government. The slaves thus carried Maryland, and North Carolina now posses*? I glTe which arise froaa the Bon-ezectttion of the law. Hy^l*ot-Gen.to consider an Overland MaU bill, Mbmltted Senator whe introduced K. I doa't understand Stales. Now, Sir, look at the process. We have kindness, if Maryland secedes, and joins us, she My purpose is to meet this queathm ftlrly. Let asAAei oonaolta- unanimously adopted the bill, tta details ofwhether is to Coegressional legislation to be invokedrelieve us ftom the 1 un- impending danger, nor doascertahi precisely the peintsln dispute, and Uy a*leai' seetlonal fecung and strifie, and see If wc partytinued'' the capital of a Southern Confederacy. cannot agree on aliBe of pollcv which will seear*Committee ha« not been ex^alned by Uw honorablebe cosflaed in a taw years to some nght or ten Gulf now in the United States four millions and a half ofi'increase, according to the last Census bill, at the rate of about thirty-two per oeat. every•irartise (or proposals for carrying the entire mail advised as to what is expected of that Committee. eight or ten Gulf States, we will have, in ten years The faclliiif s fortravellnghaM almost annihilated dis- Union. M•f«dand, daBy,MisaMiil,andmaybe theobject,whether in thestiapesan^d weekly, wVthout extraConstitution, design object may lie contemplated, I have no con-of the South will over o(fLcaounghttienru*i}ng Some people laugh. I don't know why. stance like Etthactz,occuNrerwe-dJlearsey, (Rep.)— Tahiagis largely preponderate New-Jetaey. te0-the hearts of men .must be ctianged. Northern men of their slaves, to preciplt^ite them upon the Cottonmust downtheabolitionfeelingandgivetheSouth Stotes. Then,Sir,Itwllibebutafewmonthsbefore puther lights, w bile the South must act justly towards the border States in the Union will become Freethe North on the tariff question. Manufacturers States. Let tills Government pass into the hands ofus because we are our own inde- against and vindicatingtionastheyhavenoInterestinit,anddon'tknow torelievebill's oftce, at $130,000, which, If true, explains the and miners believed that the Democratic Party the Republican Party—let them be Installed in powerexplanationnot be. It will depend very much on iheir own oon- The President (Mr. Fripatbiz in the chair)—The mined course of action. accept appointment,wholeraidlUponFoanandBo'sma.-s, printersofHouse — was [)r(-j lid iced against protection, and thereforelet them get possession of the two Houses of Con- I'nlon be.^orc the 4ih of March and form a Cf>nfede- galleries would tie cleared.1 may be blamed here and censured at liome;and Senate. Foaa has telegraphed that he will come haveas soon a* hie physician will allew him to travel. ranted in saying that the State of Pennsylvania will two yearsas t>ctween Illinois and courseseveral coaferaBces relative to the present conditionparty triumph to cause '— let1that the resolution creaUngofpoliticalaffairs.all in my power to adjust these despondententirely, i .annotregreUcame from a Southern member, a distinguished rep-of aad resentative of the Commonwealth Virginia,whose action was indorsed by a very large majorityThey generally take the poslUon;theypartIn It,^ut friendset forth in Messrs. UeCiMtauro't and Vauatoio- I am notunhappy differences. bring my States, muchRepublican Paity will nev-theRepublicanParty,North-HAB's namely: that the Union mfad to beUeve in a separaiiou of thesemay that the Fugitive things that may strike at some of their peculiar inter- western country is concerned,speeches yesterday,win, under no circumstances, consent to be cut offwhat would be the condition of the Border Siai-ery would be a curse instead of a bless-tardyafraidof the opening of the African Slave-trade, andupon to Judge 1 would be willing to leave the questionwlio refusedfore,consider it dishonorable to serve on it While Iand tha City of New-Vorkam opposed to the open-McLiiK, whether he ever knew a jurygoneovertotlieRepublicans. NomanIs war- gress, as they will get poseession of them In less thanMr. DocoLAS—rucy of their own, admits of no doubt And that the Now, Sir,dictates thia course asFinance* awdomewhat better to-day. O. P. Q. udhere to. the docli ines of the Republican Party. Tha this Government to bear upon the bonier Slates— and Ifcsue of the " inter- let it be understood that the Government is in theconscience approves it I defy the time, 1 have little less doubt Weil, if Virginia atnhde wquheostkionno.w tShoe, eivnilsfaocft, wbheitcwheen all the borderanStdattehse. and as my I stand here to-day, not the rep-siirASCB TO mi AseociATXD psm. irrepressible conflict" is not fullyhands of those w ho are unfriendly to Slavery, and letMarylaad desire to have any influence or pirt in formation of our Government and Union, to wtuch Ihev must finally owe allegiance, they h^ better fol-they complain,proper remedy, if tliey could be permitted to decide this <lueetion and assure you the Union wouldlastforever. If this Union is to be severed, it is upon tlie groundwortd's opinion.resentative of my own preferences, but as the repre-preted In Uiut State.Wiiat, because of a party ric-seiiUUve of the feelingsand interests of fourteen thou-WasaiKOTOa, Tuesday, Dec. 11. tory, is theThe Democrats from the Northwest have had mobs in yuui rommercia! rities, and business com- Slavery, and it will be left entirely to the States them-it l>e understood that the Government is divorced from selves, with no sympathy from the Federal Govern-sending their seditious tracts to every portion of the South—let all the power of the cannot be dissolved peaoaahly ; that the Northwest less to contempUle the cons guenccs which would Government be brought to bear to help on incendia-low' our example quick, and send dele- [laughter,!countryto be torn and by violence, rioUand their wishes shaU gates to join ours to frame a Government for our that the two extremes, so far from each other tahraet sand voters. Their interewshtisle I hold a seat upon thispletely Jeranc-d r What, is amisfortune! It Is worse than dl.soluUon I shaU dosuppor,will be formed and a Constitution enacted before acting under misapprehension towardshowever, to be aUowed to express mythis Conunitteefollow. I predict that the er gain another victory.Brown murderings, and rism, John raids, poisoningsrevolts,ests. 1 understand one of the things which influence Slave law is executed with as much hdeutythe movement of these States. They are a little as most of the laws the statute-books. ofmembers from the Southern States. I cannot, there-wliich the Southern States have toprotecting the rights and equality of the Sootliem weU as I do how these things work out, and it Is es-.uponMr. FuiMoax was President when tills law wasSir, the words " Too late !" " Too late !" will ring out here to.day, will be reiterated from mountain to val- ley, of all the South to the North, sounding the death-Senate to itMr. PuoB—Is the gehtleman (Pomu) aware of allthe facts?Mr. Powbll—The Governor of DUnols was aim*passed, and it received his sanctionThe bill, whieh passed the House yesterday, author- to say, that so far as he was concerned, he earned it great revolution. We look infinitely beyond this knell of flie Coufederaey.inthelawitselfCONGR£SSIONAIi FROCEEDINGM. man can (hut tUs eyes, that a vitiated public senti-I refer voutoto have African to cultivate our rice Feb. 23, last year, when I was in the chair. Ton did we have evidences that the Constitution anid the lawsdutyMthfully. Bat we know well that no and the tuminf loose upon society, in the Southern beard ? When the just;lact,vrithoutSlavery. TheCottonStatescannot Weare:myspeechofthat,nnleasMr. II.ui, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) [in his seat] Never.value wouldgranted in a state of fear ? I do not use this word Into say that,in nineteen eases out of where a twenty,Mr. lvxaso:(—What more can Congress do on thisany offensivesense. ButtlieNorth,ifityieldsatall,whatever. Thosepor-what would such a law be worth ? Vou cantto decay ? Never, so long as the Union lasts. It is a part of their political creed. It enters into all their ramifications of society, into the pulpit, theplace,mulcted are the parlies who compose the Jury, and the Judges who decide on the claim of owners. Ail such propositions as that are mere mockery,is no excitement But, perhaps, in the tweisntieth sition to excuse the member from as case, the country where the public sentiment more Florida, excited, and once in a while a rescue is made, thcu the would have similar propositions to act upon in regardthat tiesets us fair in the face. by the adoption of the doctrine of Congressional nro-don* outside of Wenvzli's office, as well as that ef look thethe Cemmittee who reported tlie forty per cent dis- My own impressions at first were, that the lei^ saidcount on the printing—skipping over the Mnding, on the better. 1 have changed that impression. I be- to know who expects such a remedy as tliat will ever which the most money is made. lieve that the times require that the public men—the be accorded by this Congress or any other ? We knowBcmiAii, the Senate Printer, is said to have made select men of the nation here—should sum up the that the Republican Party are a unit upon that ques- over t40,0OO, while Foiin's profits so far are about great question. Let the people understand what view tion. It is the great sldbboleth on wUch they foughtand consider the condition of thecountry In the spirit of devotion to its interests. I boundaries,that a rescue is made wherehe asked for th; previous question debate wooll beparty allegiance,faith Sliegnhcteodntinuedthe North hi the Tariff of 1842, and I ask, then, how can the South relycountry, and it Is seldomthe penalties of the law arethe terminated, and his call sustained. He was glad toWe know well that, as far asa of the Northern Democrats are concerned, portionPxmiciifiiits people. Southernthey were as hostile to Ods principle as the Republi- for the equality of tiie States, and for justice cans themselves. The Northern Douglas-Non-interfer-the cases of iictnai returns are never_tocountrytliatwould let his arm rot from his shoulder la Its soek- The South has et, before he would vote for Congressional protec-try. He again expressed the hope that the Committeeto Slavery in the Tenitories. We know our rights, under the Constitution. Weand I thinkought to beNorthern Statea,—be made by emaudpatkm. And we Intend to have the institution of Slavery, my right arm shall Mr. DoDOAB Congress shouldgrievanaestlieapply oeceisazylaw,tances, which has produced these results, and will, was fouglit upon that ven issue. Upon thatresolution that the Committee on Military Affairs beOov. Fun de- him upon the very ground of protection to slave-tives.Mr. DorsLis, of Illinois, (Dem.)—I did not proposeSenateat P.M.i\ adjourned.OFHOUSE REPRESENTATIVES.there as opposad to the peace policystood, between that State and the Federal authorities. tion of the President's Message were taken up,Theynrge the immediate seizure of all pobilc property Mr. BioLia, of Pennsylvania, (Dem.,) took tlie floor They assemble, and wrest the negro from'^he posses- sional protection. And now it is a fact well known Fugitive .Slave law is enforced with as much fidelity Florida from serving on the Special Committee ofwithinthelimitaofSouthCarolina. Theproclama- fromHesaid:Itwas intention mysion of the owner, while the conservative masses, theyester- "gentlemen,** those who are in favor of justice, who most ardent leaders in the present movement It Is I confess it is not enforced as faithfully as I wish it his to makeand yet President Bcohaxaic ezpresae* his confidence iniraa aatts-that this CoBuBlttce Aeuki aiake. Hethat something should proceed fnun ttattee, bepiag—fhuogh he araM rnnlla Ma hapaa were very faint—fltat something would lesaltfrMationofCrov.Gistseemsto faverthissentiment;dayown on the my positiontiecause have lost all ofgreat ques- believe the owner is entitled, under the Constitatlon they hope getting protection was. or as It ought to be. While 1 make tldspurposeihasehananotwr of.J toW tlupiopoea rtts^ai qoastion i»aremobs, and laugh to scorn tlieae Sookbam people^ a^JKran the genaiui baoi New-Haaipshlre satcl thaj ^Bother thatba hallerad tha tlsiiHmu wei« d»y pao^entitledtoreclaimfheirslaves. BathowoftenliasheWhere then is aeetlonal strife and excitement, thereseema to be a proaene** en the part of the aesrap^ierPress, la both seotlaaa, ta *<dlect and give every factwhich would iBfiame the paastoas aad prejudices ofone section against the other. In that way, partialand unfair statements of facts are given, which makes the action of that Committee to restore peaec,por-Jf^pabtUe,bat^eleod by and seen these mobs execute their foulsay, pur-But of this res- Sir, suppose thaHpsa objectCte-Mil that Wiyesterday. to indicatehefied Uiat the eyes of the witole country were new di- of the complalata oa that subject are unfouaded. rected to what this Boasa should do, and the rqafttion which has agitated the people of this country. and the law, to reclaim the slave, wliat do they do ? alnady mentioaed in the Tnm. This is my only purpose tliia morning. At some sut>- They stand with folded arms, and look upon thesefrom this Government Gentlemen need not mistakedeclaration, I am compelled to say that nine-tenthsB«4n«git periodfully. Sir., it m*^ Igakt nta• evil ttoea had fallen im us." It Is, I retretiloTioicMcifnecenary. It ma^ be that the revolution sadly apparent. This great Itepvblic of ours is in poses? Has he ever striven to correct this vitiatedoliitionparticularguaranteestheyexpectorwhatconcessions? I do not believe any concessions can be obtained, andiiiiliiitoo?olutlon be present amMadmeataito the Constitution,and to give Southern States adattional guarantees,IwanttoknowofthefrleadsoftheresoUitionwhat eachsectionactunderanapprehensionoftheother.sentiment ? Sir, he has stimalated it, and so have other Senators from the North.If was to be daae country. anythinga in plant footprint thenot inflictedunder the circumstances which now exist, when pay for the slave and not only the damage,thbeuret had in the North which would have the teadency toand we are We know well that we never can enjoy equ.ilof the Territories without protection to and Non-Intervention-Squatter-Sovereignty wouldwhendisunion, we areGovernment upon the border States, compelling them,asamatterof policy and interest, in order to rid get:—let thembring the power and patronage ofwe should no in tlie other Slave States must follow~ia the rapid process of Kentucky, have difliculty settlingstill, as my judgmentproper,ment or assistance to us in difficulty orthe Post-offices and the mails be put in the hands ofwnen and hence doing injustice to eachifloor.trust,from the Gulf ofthat the Oo! frjinornt, nhatevoF m»y be Its fault*, li of to role for the roiolutiou ef (he Senator fi-om Ken- ing, then, and the)- would get rid of such slaves as crease fast enough for our interest, protection and se- verdict Judge McLbah, RepubUcan aa be is, hasThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mexico;Mr. Ivsasos, of Georgia, (Deiii.)-I am notIhe cheapening of negroes. Iing of the African Slave-traile, because the negroes in-of awilhngStates ?to find a verdict where the facts would permiton[Conlinticd Eighth Page.^dangerother,which they must learn to follow our_example, tliey My object in arising was to sustain my find In the elements of that Constitution from Ohio in his declarations, as far as ourUntitled Documentslaves.Theyderstand Oiat Constitntlonal amendments are to beare as foUow: That the PostBaatar-Oenenl proposed by the two Heuses of Congress. I am not ten years. If you precipitate all this population into builcSngs are ready to our hand. [Increased laughter.l every State, and the dtizena of tmrt Slate, In thiaof 0,000,000, in twenty years we shall have 8,000.000 or tance, and our extreme Southern Senators and Repre- Mr. Ivxisos—If a fugitlTe 1* found aw'.rw nasiaiiiiiil CaMfetnia, by the central rente, from Congressional legislation, in the shape of amend- 9,000,000, and in thirty years 12,000,000 to 1S,000,000. Georgia or Alabama. I, for one. Sir, would Be in favor to be run off.in tliatheir eourse to bring about, this very state ofand the present laws ? If so, what is tilings, and in that very form. Long l>efore these will becoBse the bribitatkms of the bits and Qie owls.days' aotlee,|ukd to the obstructions and dlificultiea—Insurmfmnlahie dif-free, the TerritoriesWest will beplantedinto States ism whldi-ls In the Sonthem heart. When faiK horses or boTBlngnenoes.remainingTaaDxasiupresent session. The service to be subject to dis- legislation, so far as the Fugitive Slave law is con- c^lits occur the Free States will be swelled by a ma- relatlaD to this peat movemeat. Nothing can stay before a Court of soma (art bra"^Mthe hot-bed process of Northern AhoUHoa emigra- the arUtrary Gorammeiit of LouH Philuppi, fai 1848, had raised the neople of Parts to a DOVOUUS. the daily overland mail contract is not taken wltfaie law by a vitiated public sentiment In ttie Northern tioB, and Ihe South will be lying at the very feet of sense of danger and rebelflon, and the barri-tinue until otherwise ordered by Congress in case ficulties—which are to tile presentedMr. DoceLAe--I speak only as to the noo-ezeeatSoB • of the laws.the sum limited. The bill is ta be Ho«se this week.Theto the States ? What more can Congress do ttianMr. Fitch, of li>tllsn»> (Dem.)—I know ay State.reportedrii^niiis Slave law of whichCotton States, in the movement that is now in pro- wereyear* Instance of the reacae of a bi^va.ezecutioa of tlutbyfile North. Tet the Border States complafai of the cades of Parts and the masses of that great For the last tweirty-tTe there has l>eeahatoiMWe have athe South does not complain. It is sufflciently guarded of the Union against their wlli. Sir, I want t« but the words " Toohas done TFugitivegress. Tliey say we have no right to takethem dtyapheayiag,danger,Late,"wenttlironghrequested by the President to act as Secretary of the if there was a against our will 7 If we want to go out, let us go. throne in favor of his The same words, form bis par-Mr. waslate,"Secretary Navy, Todcit, to-day to accomplish all the objects for which it wis de- know what right they have to keep as in the Union the streets of Pails. The next day he abdicated the Govemorofthe lattar Coauadnwealth did notoftheEigaed, proper public seatimeat fa the If they want to stay, let them stay. They are " grandson.duty.Mr. Wasb, of Ohio, (Sen.)—If I reeidltct dgM theTreasury in addition to his present duties, until a Northern States. No better Fugitive Slave law List them dsdde this sovereign States.Too late," rang througn the streets, ringing out inFugitive butit is not for the want of good faith in the Northern States, so far as the reclamation of fugitive slaves is con- ocmed, that the Southern State* are moving in tiiisMr. Powxll—Tou had better, then, Isvaatigate theout. Gen. Piaxcs carried it oat, and the present Exe- petty loss of a few negroe*. We know what is oom- of Mr. PiMB,Doto ofyoa hope Mr. Davis, HUslnta)!. (Dem )—AlasSlavery not say yes then. I referred to tlie Bums' Fugitive will be upheld by a Conventkin of the differort Stales, SENATE. Slavery that no enactment can ever be carried out existence as a people, it is not surprising, when we Mr. PcoH—That is only one case. Mr. CoLLAim, of Vermont, (Rep.)—The State Leg-obligedmeat in the Northern States is so strong against and cotton fields. African Slavery is essential to our Slave case. we are notbotmd to remain in the Union.Ifveil HlnatliCaction Is expreeeed at the appoint-lacDt «fOonun, as the money men here say he can--not replenish the Treasury, while It is bellered that The House bill to provide for the payment of while this state of public sentiment lasts. It is true see this storm coming from the North to overwhelm Mr. IVHsoH read from the Oois«TeMi<mal Globr Xo islatures should aid in esrtahHshing a fraternal feeUag.pense of ten times the value of the slave. Whyeffect. And now, again recurring to the question, 1contended that the under footSlave law wasMr. DoooLAS-Because the rights of the Sontbera States have been violated, does that justify them in leaving the Union?Sir ?publiccharge the failure of the execution of this law upon only the existence of Slavery in its present form, butthese PersonalMr. Halz, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) oSered a operated to prevent the execution of the Fugittve and theirThe bill was referred to the Committee on Finance.LibertySlave law. It is, as I said, mob in all circum- rightus, that we should 5eek our safety when we can. bythat Mr. Push did not adhere now to what h*Eraodvsetatedprevioustothissession. recognizedaspropertyinatleastthreeplacesfeathehave never also the right of the Sou^m to emigrate to peoplein theTerritory.iftheyare obtained.- of^hattliey be,slave enters Ulinoll, he is arrested and return-\thegreat monopolyVirginia,Whatevermetfts to the in wliatever or In less than twenty years the slave population Wasliingtonas the seatof Government Mr. Tin of A tn-/lidsCity to >iaetaige;theamounjtper annum; letters and papers ta be carried and coumion-sense position. Is it designed to make scenes of murder between the two races as has never as we may be by the taidy action at Tirclnta and ahofif hi* las* is a peendary coastderatiaB «alr>not; for. Sir,through by the contractors in twenty aadpampblets, magaxinet and public documents In thirty dars. The bUl also aothailxes temporary steamsh^ service from New-York toat ttie Tate to be paid toCongressional to remove the legislationobjection*beaa «o*n or heard of in the wiiole world's history. Sooh, in my oplalom, is the l>evitable result, and suchRepublic and eatabUsbed the seat of Governmentthe white. Then will eome universaltoexc/ed$800,000 Sir,letuslookatthisquestionfromareasonable pationbytileFederalGovAmnaeai,andauchmayliebytiletauntsofthispeoplehere,amobstructed Mr.Oana,ofMi**ouil,(Dem.)—Ifanuama*offfidence in theaccomplishmentofanything.if as wegoaded in the State.Noiqr,who own brick and mortarMaryland In this great movement we may form our bnttoatoalanegro is ««mrthlag mere. I wiak-Oesonry, the kafcltalUBa of beaaty aad grace and elegance,whichnoadvice.Mymottohasbeentogivenoadvicewhen objectisnottocreateirritation,buttoaooUieUicex- it is not asked. But, so far as the District of Colum- cited state of feeling, In order that we may diaoaa* bia is concerned, I want to say to the people, in all this question In pnqier temper, and opon its naitts.as ought to do, and a Southern Confederacy Is formed, I see no reason why Washington City diall not be con-[Lauahter in the gallerie* and on the floor.] The equal rights, equal proteetlon, and equal jasttee, toha a sentatives would as soon come to Washington as to bouse one day, on the next morning he is qaMe likelyemanci- {Renewed laughter.] Tfdslsimpartant to these people, Uvewasrunoff. Itisthexmhr one Inatanee kaawBLodis PHOupri saw theoat and attempted to avert it by changing his Ministry,ques- sepulchral toneSjiike the trump of the Archangelclothed the Judiciary and Executive of this Govern- and how, and where they go. 1 am satisfied, may tinker the ConsUtotion, you may suggest legisla- Mr. Powxu—The gdaOcmaB (Wan) is evkteattrment with ample powers to execute the laws. We however, that they will go irhen the time oomes tim, you may present addltianal conatHnUonai gaar- mistaken.dont complain that any Executive has ever beenderelict in his duty in the discharge of tills law. Slave law when we do not lose any slavesaaitees, you may attempt bystayall thesethe storm that now rams, and to prevent the peopletofrom marching on to deliverance and liberty. But, facts of the case before you draw the atlaation of theOhio, (Dem.,):It all re-!peopleStates, of this mass of oorruption which will tion, or Territory, or community, do not desire to ate great. We have been humiliated.greatest difficultybut it is in the to whldi no priate to white labor. They can live and flourish Mr. iTzasoH saidMr.Masoi-Weharebecomesatisfledget along fall from tlie socket before I will foTce tiiem to ac- legislation. A convention of separate States to settle thismafterisnotnecessary.Mr. Cobs, of Alabama, (Dem.,) resumed the de- contemptible the element in the Sonthem States that non-execution of the Fugitive Slave law. That law, bate, on the motion of Mr. HAWzm, to lie ^vmyni^from IlliQois, but bow smallalmost said bowmyI hadadvocated that principle. Look at the popular vote. That will tell the tale. Those who supported the third!and wliites who are only one degree removed from candidate, were in favor of protection, and intheir colored brothers in) brutality and ignorance. State they called on tlie people to support Mr. Bill w ith as much fidelity as it ought to be. I suppose th* der was on the motion to excuse the gentleman framagainst section of the country in regard to theon tlie very ground that he was In favor of Congres-thatalargeponionofthefriendsofMr.Billarethe asthatInregardtotheAfricanSiave-frade. But,Sir. Thirty-three,appointedonThursdaylast It«••*aot,IM^MMntty of thisiState Convention was to take place on the or guaainties would be from iNorthem en the otlier side, and a fugitive slave is returned the 7th of next. He would like to present his vlesrsth^ as a stolen horse. S.) in nineteen casesyields to the fear that the South is going to dissolveto athe Union. What value would such concessions be tothe South? Nay, I want to know what value anypledgesStates ? None, Sir, as long as a vitiated public senti- as regularlyijr relation to the various questions which that Coa- newspapers do not notice the fact, and even the niittee would be called upon to consider, iMitduty ad- records of iiie Court have no notice of it In cases nionislicd him to withhold those views, azbd ask aaore erhonlbouse. All teach tills doctrine of the " irre- where there is an arresrt, asa matter of course, he is particularly that the previous question be sustaiaed,pressible conflict i" and how many arguments in fa- relurned if he turns out to be a fugitive, and there in order that they might have a vote upon the propo-Constitution. What reliance can the South placekind occurred in my own Slate, and that instance I was now In anxious suspense, and therefme i have noticed in more than twenty Southern news-'out of twenty where the fugitive is returned thethe good faith and observance of these guaran-tees by the North ? What better guarantees can bemade than those of the Constitutijin ? If they were dence of our infidelity in the enforcement of the law. the crowded state of the galleries here to-day ? Be carried out in good faith, it would be all the South And the newspapers tell us of the rescue by the Abo-would ask or demand. How many of them have been litionists, but there the tale stops. And then the com- asked the question—it was easily answered. Why, violated by tlie Nortlieru people ? Look back on th* ments are made as to how they can live together with because of the excitement which pervaded the whole the history of our country. The Constitution wasformed as a compromise. One was that new Statesmight bs admitted, and the existence of Slaveryshould be no reason for refusal to admit The firstState that came, the North refused to admit, becauseher Constitution tolerated Slavery. That was Mis-souri. The obstinate opposition of the North in thisrespect drove the South to a diehonrable compro-mise.recorded the furtlier fact that the Lniledshouldhave try, they were looking daily, yea, hourly, forStates Marshal appeared at Ottawa and arrested therescuers, and took them to Chicago, wherein default this House to do something. ShotUd they now mo- of bail, they were remanded to prison until the Ist of nopolize tlie ttme that should be occupied by this October, when Uiey were tried, found guilty, and sen- in which tenced by a Republican Judge of the United States Committee discussing questionsCourt to the penalttes of the law. That is the balance come up, in all probability, after the report of the of the tale. If it had lieen told, it could never havebeen used as fuel for this sectional excitement Tliesecases have occurred frequently in our Northwesternon any guarantees the North may make, especially rescuers. And then civil suits are brought to see by the papers this morning that action was baiagduress. I have no confidence in the plighted faith, inis littlechangepublicthe of tit* Northern I don't be- section of the country in which I live is con-lievemyconstituentsarewillingtoacceptanycom- cerned;people are to tldnk so be-South,a little more fokliiig of hands, a Utile more procrastination. Put it off. put it off. Let us see what this ^eat propo- sition will work out. Try everything thatis suggesteda more andurgeuponthepeople littleti^e delay,Southern would be amazed at the gentlemenatsud think our Northern people ought to repeal them aa the most infamous, not in person, but in politics one a duty to themselves—not upon any demand of theand yet I know that thearc induced to believe that if a slave gels into the would meet in her Conventions, and wherever antheand only the exceptional cases of rescue come to the there was now a retm'ning sense of justice, and thatof the Governmenthave that power and patronage, what are we to ex- so far as I Icnow, the statement is true, that to nopect but a rapid consummation of the dire troubles case have these bills been the cause of depriv- it upon the principles of the ConsUtutioB. which I have depicted ? 1 believe tliis proposition ing a master of the return of his slave. 1 hese bills predicatedcan end in notldng but delay. I believe the question generally exist in that part of the country where fu- He now called tlie previous question.from Mls^aunmittees of Tliirty-three or Thirteen can avert liie (Mr. GwiZH) and myself could not have selUed this tain the Housewill aot de-when bewnot in where they scarcely ever saw I wUl do so. Sir. ever)- day, curosnelsy loudthaendstreets, but see^lt in the go North taonVderwmounlt,d not know how one looked, Mr. Davis— withdraw it.press, deep poured out upon a slave{hmebldiecvottd heads of the Southern States. The peo- they are' disturbed about the wTones of the slave.1 desire to it to tlie justices of the peace on long.say a few words by way of quesUon by referring Mr. Cobb—Will the gentleman renew ItAnd when you get down South to Georglaand Alaba-Mr. the member from Soath Florida (Mr. Mawki.n-,) andand protection. It be a Government do not understand the evils of the question,be Uie rule of my actionmay they each other,andthey come out of this Union, at the tail end of will not go into a discussion of the .fiij'ject.have time to take anever lose any slaves, are dis- theywhereforcement of the Fugitive Slave law. Just in propor- thi?m from serving on tWs Committee, aadsometheir propel ty is to be valueless. That may or rnay leries,) proper 1 thedurt In my opinion, that five States wiU'go out of this Chair stated upon the repetition of the applause tlie shall meet and act with the Committee. For tillsnegroranawayfroBXaMMkjrte IllbKils,aBdttea speech, becauseIDavis haid the member fttmin metogivedeter-.Mr. Sjieaker,raapaat.ofmyaad(DoeeiAa,)would www.fultonhistory.com 