 THE N E W YORK HERALD.WHOLE N O . 8526.NEWS FEOM WASHINGTOtf. •IIIBTRC CWGU&81QM PMCKDRGS, The Presidential Question inthe Senate.^P»"*«^•pf-M-Hm^-ilVNi.i-**—•.——»V^-**^—l •w^j •MillWSeieier Iversoa's Basis of the Charles- ton Convention PUtfensbHi Sfiiiofl tf Jadge Bongsu tni intncii Politicians Gencrtily.Special W a s h i n g t o n DcepavtcHu to restore the military tuperintendeney of the armories.MOKNING EDITION-TUESDA Y ,- JANUARY .10, 1 8 6 0 .PRICE TWO CENTS.ARKITAL OF TOE AU^ITC.P.«W8fr«C*lifori»i, Wttatettt Ter- ritory &»d Oregon.INCREASEINTHERECEIPTSOFTREASURE.THE SAN1 JUAN DIFFICULTY.EID OF THE WAB I I BUEIOS AYfiES. TREATYOFPEACEWITHGUI. CtqilZA. Triumph of the Revolutionists inNew Granada.HEWS FEOM CEHr&AL AMERICA. NEW BRITISH TREATY WITH HONDURAS. A F F A I R S I N J A P A N .WjutaMttoa, Jam. 9 , 1860-, Ik* Washington despatch n to days HBBALD hat beenTBB OJUSOBJ sutantinarrThe President has appointed Sidney Bresse, formerly(S opp).Mr. ILuniros (dem.) voted for Mr. Winslow.Messrs. Florence (dem), Mites (dem), and Hindt oelemec la eppcaed to Sherman could be effected, as the to weaken and disorganize the democratic party, and democrat! were argent for an immediate ballot the m e- thereby contribute strength to republicanism.tbe House m et The first ballot Hamilton had LTDUXA POLITICSDouglas had forfeited all claims to the support of Southern people by his course upon the Lecompton constitution and tiiu squatter sovereignty doctrine. Judge Douglas bad returned to the democratic party, but he must atoneby years of service for the great injury he had done to theMr. Scon, (dem.) of Cal., said he got oat of a sick bed to vote tor Mr. Hamilton, not knowing that he had been paired off with Mr. Pottle.THB lHlRTIICI'H BALLOT FOR SPEAKERThe Bouse again prneeded to vote, with the followingTHE MAItKKTH.The programme axed upon tn the Sunday Conference , to withdraw the resolutions of Mr. Clark. of n, and G'lmer, of North Carolina, and Introduce a compromise resolution in their stead, was not carried out. Whether, after the proceedings of to-day, that programme wiS be executed, remains to b e seen. Some democrats expressed themselves sanguine, when they went to theBeats to day, that Hamilton would he elected.The Americans will not attempt to concentrate their votes upon any democrat until Mr. Clark, of Mo., with- draws his resoiation and t h e compromise o a e is substi- tated for it and Mr Gilmer s. Theexistence of darks re-cy . and I.' had been taken to task and condemned in se- vere language, mt oniy by Northern men, but by Sou.h- "rn m e n , for questioning their soundness. H e asked Northern democrats if they would vote for a bill protect- irg slave property in the Territories—u* they were willing to incorporate a plank in the platform of the CharlestonMr Reycotds Mr Hickman Scattering.,threaten to break down the doors if any attempt is made to keep them out of the Convention.withdrawn they do not fed free to speak. It is under- Henry Wager, of Borne, will be chosen President.thai the withdrawal of the Clark and Gilmer reso-the Territories? There might b e Northern democrate o nthe floor of the Senate and elsewhere readyto concede this protection by Congressional legislatxm, hat he ventured the assertion thatif a n y such were to b e found, they were, " h k eangels' visits, few and far between.'" If such should b ethe course at Charleston, it would not only break u p t h eT h eCmee-rerltesP i o u sC o u n c i lo v e rA. M., U68 miles from Panama, saw steamer Uncle Sam. TheSoiora arrived at Panama January 1, 1*60. at 3 P. M., making the run from San Fraaewco in twelve daysTHX -VATIONAL AGRlCrUTXAX SOCIKTT.The eighth annual meeting of the National Agricultural Society, on Wednesday, will be largely attended, ane*. many members have already arrived. President TUghman and Secretary Foore will decline re-election. A n entire book, because they viewed it aa a menace. Until it M new Board will be elected, and it is almost certain thatAt the monthly concert ef prayer for the enslaved, last evening, UM small lecture room e f the Church of the Puri-solution h a s dosed th e lips of some republicans, w h o have refused to exp fen their position relating to Helper'sconvention, but dissolve the democratic party. T h e d e -mand ought to be made, however, aad adhered to, and posed of ladies, aad upon the back seats were severalof a person beyond reproach, with competent assistantsto aid him. Those in charge should be able to speak, Order $1800 J. Einstein A Bro... $14,300republicans to change from Sherman to any other man,it will not be long until it la ascertained that such a mancan command more rotes than Sherman; and when thattime arrives Mr. Sherman^will be the first man to sur- for twenty years. render the standard of his party info other hands, andholy boldness awed into silence those that thirsted for his blood, and constrained them to say, 'He spake as one having authority,andnotaatheScribes;'"that"hiscimen of the manner in which abolitionism was Uught n were Christ like." It asks, "Was there ever a more the Northern schools, he read from a Sumiav SchoU Advo- noble, disinterested, Christian philanthropist?" TheseBarnes M Park J. B Weir J.H.Coghill..4.000 Roberts, Morrison A14,Ci» Co 20,00*....16,800 P.Naylor 8,000will name the man himself. At present DO man ap- proachessoneartoMr.ShermanasMr.Hickman.aaaasT or a axmsn SUBJECT IX VIRGINIA.A British subject, long resident tn Fairfax county, Vir- ginia,withineight miles ofWashington,distributedten copiesofHelper'shookinAugustanaSeptemberlastto his neighbors, who were slaveholders. Recently becate, which bad been enclosed to him from Wisconsin, an accountofthesaleofafamilyofslavesinWashingtoacity, :nwhichthesorrowofthedifferentmembersofthefamily upon their separation was described. Such was th e lite- rary and religious instruction imparted to the children ofare extracts xxrtaUm. Itteem*thatBrownfullyrepresentedtheprinciplesofA. R i c h * Bro 9,000 Leon Hoffman A Co. 60,000 WSehgroan£Co.. 57,000 BallinA.Sander 29,600tew are tor Pennington. Hickman will probably b e toe probably take the lead in the Senate, and Cochrane isshame, and a reproach, and ought and must be abolished.oppressed might go free. They came to pray especiallynifin in case Sherman ia withdraws. He can secure, it it said, the anti Lecompton vote. If there is any change in the republican programme, si will probably be announced to-morrow or aext day. There ia a tremendous outside pressure to bring it abo t.Notwuhatandng th e just cause for exasperation which the ultra Southern party has received in the nomination of Saermar t h e Helper book and, the Brown invasion, there it little doabt that their warmth of feeling ia akin to factiousness, and seriously prevents the organization of the House. The other democratic members call them the «'Guif squadron," from the localities from which most of these fire eaters derive. Nevertheless, theretionmightbeturnedtothenecessity ofthisgreatand glorious reform, and that we might bear soon that all nations were emancipated and free.Correspondence.are sanguine hopesdeaaAcratic Speaker willyet conciliatory course which h a s been pursued by such men at Warren Wintow, of North Carolina, and John Cochrane, of your city, baa done much to win over the StoutbAmercans;andmanylooktortheearlynomination by these latter, who are mainly good conservative men, ef a democrat upon whom all anu- republicans can unite. It wilt go hard with the anti-Lecompton men, but therearea sufficient number ofthem who,when thepone fvrte tt dstre is applied, will prefer acting rightly to voting for Sherman, who never, under say circumstances, eanbe chosen Speaker.The Americans have caucused to-mght, a n d , reviewingtheir course, decided that they could never embrace th e idemocracywithoutbeingdemoralisedandutulvernor elect, Latham, and many of the federal officersentertained eventually b eto-day chosen.that a T h e firmexplanation, because I thought at least one honorable man offered thai man five hundred dollars for the boy, and the were reterred to committees when appointed.a party. They regard t h e future position o f the mittee on Military Affiirs.thisviewthere wasnotruersentiment than that ofMr.Seward in 1868. There was but one path of safety fortheSouth,andthatwasinaconfederacy ofslave Statesatone. With these views, and this firm conviction, enter give them away.tamed for many years, and which recent events oniy A Baptist minister here offered a few remarks, ands n w f e " party, ia the present crates of affairs tn MMeouatry, as of more importance than any good that canpossibly resuM from a temporary triumph of the fire-eating disunioaiata a* the country, they say thaw came the Post Office.and will go on, and mutt end in the Union with a total ex slaveholding clergymen had been on the committees con Unction of slavery, he had announced his determination nected witti the Bibie Union for the revision of the Holyto urge the South to dissolve the Union upon the election Scriptures. For hit part, be would aa soon meet in fellowof a republican President—not merely the election of a ship with afaeepsttalers, who professed to live to JesusNorthern man, and not that he waa opposed to slavery in Christ, as to meet with man stealing clergymen, to re the abstract, but because the election of such a man viaetheScriptures. Whereweretheclergymentonigbtfhefrom January 1,1869 to December 31, inclusive, animat- ing in the aggregate to $19,021,621The Corporation Attorney presented his usual monthly statement of moneys received for the violation of city ordinances, which amounted to $617 60.The Board then adjourned till Thursday.Coroners' Istqatesta.THE JAM SrxxEi HOMICIDE CASE—Coroner Jackmanhere after exposing before their people the corruption* ofTBX SAX JTA.V BI.A.TD AFFAIR.their pledges by embracing the s v t they should expose.It • states that Mr. Daws, of Indiana, who nominated San Juan. Adopted. atr Hamilton says he ia disgusted at the manner tnyesterday held an inquest at the Ninth precmc: police sta- army, has left this city for Oregon, fortificationsofthePacificcoasttheyhaw*treatedhatcandies**, anddeclaresbe ifor Adreaa to-morrow.circulaiiOB.Mr. Lubvn then gave a short address, in which he saidatNo.96Janestreet,whodiedfromtheeffectsofviolence received on the 2d iast, during a flgtu atthe groceryof John Hollint, corner of Waskington and Jane streets, aab eno furtheraaawntrtrtntio f t h eMr. r.iixiu>« uidn't believe that God waa going to de- see what the trouble was. At this moment Kennedy wasliver the bondmen ot mis country b y miracle, aa h e d id seised by order o f the proprietor a u d put Into the strt* t-the cbi'dmn oi Isra< t, but tbul it was a work for thext to The others in the store, iactodiog the deceased, tollowei,do. Wo must apeak agatmt slavery everywhere—we acd the fight was resumed, an« Mr. Church was^»^j» ih, Optra Hants by tovttattda. Tbey were acsompinicd musi prapaganat it in our caurches. in our families, at open the headwith a cart rung and knocked swiaeirts w by the Banana Consul and a number of friends. The the breakfast table—everywhere. The idea oi tha gen- the pavement He was couveyed to b» **r-f'n?\: noosewan«unratedandmushinlirtti exhibitedtoooaerve tleman termed to be that all places should bo consecrated where be waa attended by a physician ap w toe hour m the thaagsit anon after the guests of the evening u o k to the service of - niggers." B e teemee£totunderstand Lis death. Kennedy was subssnueutlv arrestod.^at th s their tents, Ike auilwilis commenced playing " God Save'efWar hasonteredja efCoknelDaUueJd,MajorMerctecai,aadMaterEmery,« f MM a r t s y , s a d O e u d t e s Q r e a w t , E n a , a n d 6 . W S m i t h , Ens, tome-tat West rtaiat on the ISth iast, to revise «*• aeagatMMt efaMrtraetion at the Miliary AcademyIdirections,whichwins*haspreparedakUto Bit otyect 3 toBosron.Jan.9, B _Jan.9,lso*OfUttTcityeelel neeToTaBsBS,byl • « » • « • t o t h e t o a s t sentry ortheM>ran*Bi£occupiedbydeceased,atNo.143Leentrdstreet,anddacrased,whowasacquainted withhim,attemptedtopathimonabed. Howewasquarrelsomeandtiraadiahedadirk,anddeceased wasstabbed» t u l i e n d e a v o r i n g t o t a k e r t f r o m h i m . A p o s t m o r t e meliminationwaamade,aadthejury rendered a verdict Theclericalgarb« *^B ^* T^^Tteok/ ^It is ascer-Be attends to press d upon ihe attention ef the Senate, aad secure iii adspttoa, if possi- ble, darteg the present tatatoa. B m understood thereof hi* remarks Mr. rverson denounced Dougia* aad the Northern democracy generally, as occupying a paeiUon aa ebJectMaabto a* that of the Wllitl areett* republi- eaaa Be wished the Charleeton CoovenUm to adopt a atoe floor ler the purpose of voting, with MM inglhatJat would be eatitted to the floorMM dte-MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS.willbeacmerichdnclosure*inreferencetotheprinting anmataksatteplatform,aatertmgaadcarrymgoattotie TbeHousewaacalled.arrangements, as carried o a during th e last few years, when tne subject of the election ef printer comes up ia UM States.tarn VACAXTJIDGBBULPor rax cocar or mats.Mr. Bagbes, of Indiana, who has beau tendered the Judgeship of the Court of Claims, baa not yet signified hatwillingness to accept it TaxsawTXXATTwasuxxxx).One ef the bill* introduced by Senator Davis to day not entirely satisfactory to himself. Nor would beexcludea Northern candidate, though he believed the South entitled to the candidate. There were Northern men whom he would support if nominated; but he m»st say, at he now understood the principles of most of the esaaM nt Northern demccrata, there were very tow toBaarwairrTxorra BALLOTFOBartAanx, The vol* resulted at follows —resident Marshal.o f theThe Illinois republican s are rejoicing over the appoint-districtwhichbe has beenappointeda s m ISO o r TBX n m m COXXTTTEE.At the National Union Executive Committee twouogprofessors of the "irrepressible conflict*' doctrine which John Brown had carried out. This partv had increased in boldness and rancor, and now controlled toe action of everyThe chaw waa finally taken by Mr Whiting, who gave out the 36tth hymn, and when this bad been sung con- tinued the service by reading the 9th Psalm.to-right,MrCrittendeninthechair,anumberoren- NorthernState.Twentyliveyearsagotherewasaconfede- couraginglettersfromvariousquarterswereread. rationofequalStates,living under acommonUnion,atThereturnofMr.Geo.H.Pursershowedthatthe amountofmoney receivedfor penaltiesbytheCorporaTotal OurcorrespondentinAspinwall,writingonthe2dofJan-rmsr sussio*.acetate.WAKHivrnw!, Jai 9,1*6" Messrs. Seward and Douglas api^eared in tlieir seatsThe attendance was slim.r a x TERRITORY O F NEV ADAMr (Jwix, (Jem.) of Cal., introduced a bin \o j-gam2C the Territory of Nevada. Referred.A GOVXBSXX3T rTLOTTW OmCX.Mr BROWS, fdem.) of Mim.gave notice if a bill to es-tablish a government printing office. AXXT MATTERS.Mr. DAVB, (dem ) of Miss , introduced bills to facliUte the enlistment of soldiers tn the army; to fix the pay and regulate the allowances of officers of the army; to pro- motetheefficiencyofthearmyby retiring disabledand infirm officers—all of wbich were referred to the Com-United States. That was ihe ground upon which I gave knew very well, having sent an agent to ejiie.;t a After the minutes of the previous meeting were real and merous and powerful. Denver is backed up by the Go-fullest extent the principles of the Dred Scott dectr'vBe Sid not want oae Mae toe Cincinnati platform, whichcould be haterpreted differently to sun the views of dnfe-reat sections e f th e country. Unless that Conven-tion did so, be would not support their aomi-aee, except from necessity, aad then only ifbe approve* ef the views ef the nominee. Hewould support Mr. Boater, whose purity of publicacd private character, whose ability at a statesman,whose firmness as a man as well as a patriot, had ever (Laughter.) B e called attention to the remarks of aa set forth that it shall not be lawful for aay person to challengedharespectaadadmiration. Bewouldsap- oppositionpaper—UM Alexandriafleets*—pubaahedin sprinkieorcausetobesprinkledtaKoraayothersub port thedHtioguxtbed Vice President, who,dtho>gh bia district, which represents banaaastrictrytempe- stanceforthepurposeofaiialnganewortee,feeThere it a strocg party here, representing the Miraaongovernment, who are doing everything in their power todefeat the Mexican treaty. They have already seeireda pretty large lobby, who are attempting to create publicopinion against It through the papers tor which theywrite. Tke Mirtawn party think that the moat effectual questions affecting the rights of the Southern people. And It appeared on a call of the House that the only mem-doctrine, recognise the rights of the South under the o o o -stitation, and do full aa l ample iustiee, before be co..Idregain the confidence, and sympathy, aad support of the.Southern people, and of the sound portion of the demo-cratic party anywhere. In all the Northern States, Cali- Mr. HamiltonScatteringTHX THIRTY FIRST BALLOT FOR SPEAKER. Another ballot resulted aa follows:—Whole number of votesNecessary to a choiceMr. Shermantested Jistrcts shall tit in the body. They charge upon tories, bat that .t was left to the people to exercise at all Mr Hamiltonthe Douglas delegates that enough of them have been nrres. 3uch w;.* the f.osilion of the Northern democra- Mi- Gilmer21A :.. 110106 88 M 8 *219 110eight votes, sad it being found impossible to in-ttrengtk upon two more ballots, the democrats tion which meete on Monday next at Indianapolis, theprepased an adjournment, which the republicans d id n o t State Central Committee being composed o f administra-abject to, from the fact that a rumor prevailed in their tion democrats, who announce that they shall assert tneranks that seme of their man were getting weary of the right vested in them to declare who shall preside over wis the universal cry. They proclaimed that Oonirx'>ss march and wanted nursing.• stormy time atexpected in the Indiana State ConvenMr. Gilmer fornia notexcepted, the democratic party endorsedthe Mr. Reynoldsthe Convention, and which delegates from the seven con !id nr>t p. asess the p^wer to protect silvery in the Terri-10688 der.Bg agreeable th* E'ljourn of ail who come anong uselected by fraud and corruption to control the Conven ticn.Senator Bright left here last night tor Indianapolis to3 - 3 Messrs. adrain, Clark o, N ew York, and Riggs, voted for Mr. Reynolds, and Messrs. Carter and Haafcin votedfrom abroad of the industrial classes, as weil as induce the more opulent from all parts of the world to seek our city and enjoy ite unrivalled advantages In scientific, edu- cational, artistic and social dev elopement20, a t 10 A. M-, in company with the steamer oriaaba. December 28, at 8 A. M., 774 miles from San Francisco, spoke steamer John L. Stephens, bound u p . December 26, at 4 P M., 118 miles above Acapuioo, pasted steamer Cortes, bound to San Francisco. December SI, at 9aid United States Marshal Robinson and District AttorneyD. W . Yoorhes In resisting the Douglas m en, who Convention recognizing the power to protect slavery infor Mr Hickman. Adjourned.*l mS l a v e r y .With this design I recommend the establishment of anEmigrant and Strangers' Protective Bureau, and proposeto connect it with t h e Mayor's Office as a part of this departmen! The power of the Common Council to adopt anordinance for this purpose may be found in section 28 ofthe charter of 1867. This provides that the CommonCouncil may 'establish such other bureaus as tbey maydeemthepublicinterestmayrequire,andtoassignto andfivehours.HerpassengersandtreasurearrivedtoAs- them, a a d to th e departments and bureaus herein cre-ARXivAi or a raxoos XODITALVKKR.Old Tare GoodaJe, the famed mountaineer and com pamon of Kit Carson, hat just arrived here on businessvote against the admission of Kansas under the present paper called the Golden Rule, with which he amused him well as the several city departments and institutions, to constitution? It was the general position of the Northern self until the exeroses commenced. Its motto ia," There, be able to give a quick response to inquiry from anyC. H Grants Co.... S. G Reed* CoH. r.Tbn&CoOrderKppingcr &Go960 Gliddon A Williams. 24.000 1,983 Coaroy at O'Connor. 10,000I, for the purpose of adopting the compromise, willbe a signal for the democrats, anti Lecompton democratsand Know Nothings to unite on Hamilton.- Bat it it im-possible to count enough under this programme to electhim. Should circumstances make it necessary for the to mpart information to the W ar and Interior Depart- were fundamentally wrong upon the great principle of son of the despised poor;" that "ttie stern tntegtrty andB Meader A O1J00 Adams 11JM0 6.500 Eugene Kelly A Co.. 16300slavery. In common with t h e brack republican party, ments regarding the different lines ef travel over the they denounced it as a moral wrong and a social evil.mittee to whom you may reier the; subject, ana with whom 1 will co-operate in drafting a suitable ordinance.TheroomsheretoforeoccupiedasaPolioe Court,intheJ. Goldsmith at Co... 6.890 A.S Roeenbaum .tOo 13,000great central routes between the Mississippi river and If they believed it to be a moral wrong, then tne conclu- sion wasinevitablethat itoughttobeabolished,anditsame squatter sovereignty platform, thus ignoring and decytog the equal rights of the Southern people, and virtually excluding them from the Territo- ries for all time to come. Non-interventionmade a condition precedent; and if it were not acquiescedin the convention ought to he broken up by a withdrawalattentive colored people.Dr. Chesver was present during the latter part of the write aad translate all the European languages, and beThe following it the specie list of the Atlantic —Butcher * Bro 8,030 Jaa. Patrick A Co .. 88,000Thos. G. Hand k Co. 2,000 Eugene Kelly A Co . 67,000democracy, as well as of the republican party, that Kan- sasoughttobeadmittedunderherpresent constitution. Although there were many things for which Northernfore whatsoever y e would that men should do onto yon, doyeevensotothem." Itsfirstarticleiaentitled,"The Martyr* Death," aad says that "John Brown was a mar-20,500relating to the Catem, or Washikee band of Snake In-dians. On account of his reliability he will be retained democrats deserved credit, he was constrainedto say they tyr to freedom;" that -he stood up for Jesus in the perThe details of the plan upon which I propose to organize H Cnger fcCo....^ 6.600 J. G. Parker A Son. 4,600 this bureau will be cheerfully communicated to any com- A. K. Tilton 2,a00 Amnr. Exoh'g*- Bank 16,000Pacific coast. GoodaJe has been exploring the mountvn? was the sacred duty of every one to do all in his power to whole deportment during his imprisonment and sufferings accomplish that end. This led to abolitionism. As a spe-southwestern corner of the City Hall, are now vacant. It J. Strauss, Bros ACb. «6,2i3 Jennings A Brewster 12,000is proposed to connect them by a stairway with this offije, Order t . . 17,000 Amer. Exch'ge Bank 80,000 to that the Emigrant and Strangers' Protection Bureau T Nickerson A Co... 7,063 Aug. Belmont A Co. 144,000 may be more directly under the eye of the Mayor. An Turner Bros 2.000 Richd. Patrick 42.400 interpreter and one clerk, now employed b y the M*yor,could be transferred to the new office, thus rendering the auditions!expensetriflingcomparedwiththeincalculable advantagestobederived.Thedemocratshavegivenupallhopeofconcentratingthe three parties upon a candidate ft» opposition to Mr.Sherman. The Americans, in the conference which was visited Washington, and on his return was arrested by the North, such the sympathy aroused for the black race, armed with deadly weapons, and shoot down severalI am confident that upon a careful investigation of thewhole subject the Common Council wdl unite with me in Tekbam A Co 72,180 Harbeck A Co 4,000 believing that the proposed bureau will speedily become Kerbv. Byrne AOo.. 7.500 Alpheue Hardv A Co 4,000 a permanent and indispensable necessity. If, however, it Ross, Falconer A Co 8.406 Metropolitan Bank.. 48,192 should toil in accomplishing tnat whicu 1anticipate, it can Wm. Meyerbe abolished with little loss, and no injury tn the public Treadwell&Coiateraata. FERNANDO WOOD, Mayor. Orderpeaceful ctosens, and do all they can to establish a reignan armed band and bound over in the sum of two thoa-irate the entire American vote open any oae on the <%acd five hundred dollars for appearance for trial upon dren of democrats and republicans. Twenty years ago country.bete yesterday, stated that it w a s impossible to concenand such the hatred inculcated against the white owners.dasAoeraiic aide. The democrats wiQ probably continue to vrte tor Hamilton to-saorrow. His vote, as staled last sight, cannot be increased. They will ia a day or two pre- sent a aew man. They will continue th e changes until they have t a u n t e d ail their available candidates.a charge of tampering with negroes. He eaiJ he gave the old whig party was as sound in theory and practice Mr. Holt was invited to take the chair; but, on the the books to alavehdders, and did not consider that tam- at the Northern democracy; bat that party w as now grouse that h e was aaares and so)raged to aaotiw swallowed up in abolitionism, with only here and there a church, bagged to be excused. He suggested the nameThe cornmimicalion was referred to the Uoouaittee on OrderAnd these teachings were imparted equally to t h e chil-of anarchy and bloodshed over a nappy and prosperousgone into the republican party, whose leaders were the praver, which he did aocoroingly.18,000 Freeman A Co 14,000 Do21,700 4,4T2The Senators upon the other side, with the exception ofthattherewasnosuchthingaspropertyinman.Mr DOOUTTLE, (rep.) of Wis.—The Senator from Geor-dflegatcs to Charleston, is considerably talked about, and tor that the vote I then gave was upon this ground: that month ago, the rest of the men who had been connected t is generally admitted that the barnburner faction of the money In the treasury of the United States, by treaty, with John Brown had suffered death. Not one of them as 1 underfilled, belonged to those claimants, and being could be hjft alive. And their blood now cried out of the the Aryus and Adas will be tent home, and the gentlemen m the treasury, I voted that it should be paid out.not ground against their murderers. But the South wasnot that I recognise by the constitution of the United States, yet at peace. As a woman, who had been driven from or by any law of the United States, that property in man Cbarlestoa on account of the Northern principles of her exists.claiming, as 1always have, that property in m an, •en, bad aaid to Lum that day, there was no freedom whatever attheSouthnow—noteventowhitemen. All the slaveholders, he said, were not in the South—Ihere the constitution of the United States, or by any law of the were many in this city. A gentleman whom beinhisMestage,intheHousermi SEW TOXK ittridWAL raotocTUTu DELEGATES TO THE CHARLSSTOS oosvmsno.s.nineteen millionstwentyonethousandfivehundredaad twenty-one dollars an l four ceuts, namely :—gia alludes to myself tn the remark he has made? Mr. Iv»»os—Yes, sir.On city or treasury account.. ,v$6,899,448 S9 UrMtd Stales SenatanKip—Politicm.nt—Russian .Vocal 1X^322,072 15Alter the singing of a hymn, the Chairman gave a Thecomingelections,bydistricts,tnyourState,for Mr.Dc«i_rrnx—1desiretostatetothathonorableSena- fewremarks.Hesaidthatsincetheyhadmet,oneOn trustor special accountvchcaen by the Union democracy received.TH1RTY.HIXTHCO*GllffisS-ifsuchathingbepossible,restsuponthelawsofsove- reign States where slavery exists, and not by virtue offield Scott aad General Harney in regard to the Island of conclusive evidence of the deep rooted hostility happy to Bee Brother Goodell aad Brother Newton, the of the North to slavery and the advancing power of abo editor of the Golden Rule, but all the clergymen or NewBAXKsorts.Mr.SUBBIX, (dem.)of La.,introducedabilltopro-hibit the iatue and circulation of bank notes in the Dis-Stateswould notlonger consenttoremainintheUnion.Under a conservative administration, such as now exists,which was opposed to the advance of abolitionism, pro-pertv in staves was exposed to dangers and disasters; anawhat would be its condition with tha whole power and patronage of the government in the hands of the bitter ant. slave and slaveholder that the bondage of one would be previously reported, it oppeui ad in evidence that on tnetrict of Columbia of a less denomination than twenty I. Clark it making aa effort to oaite the admia- dollars. Referred to a select committee.that be believed that God could so unite the hearts ofiinpoesabis. HeJkd beard of a case where slaves ha 1 atternooa - f the day above named a carman, named Ste-i and South American votes on M r . Etheridge, o f but hit tuoeeaa at doubtfuiA republteaa caucus was spoken af for to-night; batCLAIMS AGAINST MXXICOMr Ivaasox, (dem.) of Ga», ottered a resouition in-structing the Secretary of the Treasury to inform the Senate what portion of the turn appropriated under the treaty of Gandalupe Hidalgo, for the payment of claims of American cx^aaaa, remains unexpended. Adopted.STEAMSHIP U S * BXTWSXS miaiBSTIlS AXD HAVANAMr MALLOST, (dem ) of Via,presented a memorialslavery party T He knew the repugnance of the Southern people to a separation and their love of the Union; but the Southern mind was fast coming to the conclusion, if they had not already reached it. that their honor, rights, in krests, and above all, their safety, abtolBtely demanded their reasBumiiig their sovereign capacity, and enterirr into new compacta with friendly and congenial States. T h e North bad endeavored to create the apprehension thatcoma u t o lovpa good master that when the latter told ih< m he wouleHet them go tree, they had fallen on their knees and prayed, '0 master: Dou t set us free!" In crednkmt smiles were here visible on many countenanoe*.phen S. Kennedy, and three or four others, entered the grocery to drink, and soon Keuaedy had tome angry words with Hollins. the.proprietor. A general fight ensued, and Mr Church, who lived overhead, came downsiairstecided liking for everything Amsrawav * •JJ*«m r ? ° " invesiK.ua with peculiar inaennn^sato o a n e ^ o a i c o e theirnaturalfriends, a***"^^*^^ °^ citiKLE *ne show toward**J"*"TM"*.•^°S^ nrnic of esteem. A stsr evening* stone Admiral Popoff anu some twenty af hat omcera, in full uniform, vwnedthought aeoetsary.; there canopaoanaan o a Hamilton, whose vote to-morrowto present inilkatMnt, be diminished. have been oanvuasing to ateer- •tea Tlitrtttii bat receive 1can: bat of the they canaot,bewho voted with the Jemo BouUgav.Btur- The remainderOilnev, In os-npAoy w t h Mr Adrain, Clark af Sew York, and Biggsvoted farMr.Dam Bask* and Carter voted far Mr.Gilmer for Mr. Batata, and Mr. Hamilton'rem the citisens of Charleston, for the wtablishment of disunion could not be effected without bloodshed at da steamship line from Charleston to Havana Referred murder In hit opinion the fifteen slave States couldTBX taste** fiXAxr. swing o u t without the fear o f hostility o f any kind, andMr. FOSTEX, (rep.) of Coon , being excused from the without the shedding of a drop of human blood. But ifot*fcial committee on the Honmas Land Grant, on motion ef Br Toeaabs the committee was reduced to tour.sTAxaaxcs or coxataxca.it were possible to prevent dissolution by force, what would the Union be worth, cemented by blood, a a d kept together by the cohesive power of arms? Such a thingMr. Wnsox, (rep.) of Mau., introduced a resolution waa impossible. Northern demagogues talked about ealnag on the Secretary of the Treasury to communicate whipping the South back into fraternal embrace. Theya atMeaaeat of the experts, importe aad tonnage of the British North Axaanoan prevaaees, daningiiat.ing Canada from the ethers. Adopted.beard such vaporing* on thin floor, but they generally proceeded from those who would be the .very last to un- dertake the job. Whea tha Southern States determined to dissolve the Union, and form a government for them-aad the reverend gentli-maa rXmseif made a tow remarks tion of h* body thowed ^ t f l ^ c t o i ? o f B a * Sr a c .skull. TheMr attobia, (dem.) of Va, made a humorous egg nogg on lhe*-J6th ofwhichnee their organization on Monday, the 3d of —Wiaaam J. Peck,Esq., President, in the chair.w a aWhole number of votesNecessary to a choice Mr. Shermantans waa about half full.-Part of the audience waa com-ated, such duties aa tbey may direct."This bureau, if created, should be under the directionpinwall the tame evening; alto twelve Una gold and silver ore for New York.him by a lady while be A.though act a strictlyAlderman Tccanrr presented a petition o f owners o f property aad others on Broadway .to bare the practise of sprinkling that thorough!are with salt discoouooed andhe glassofspinUsandwaterforforty-fiveyears,althoughhe acknowledged he liked a little egg nogg at Carritmts timeremarkably temperate. B ahad not taken amore of a conservative than himself, would take the gov- rance m a n . B e complained o f t h e remarks o f cor- After tome debate the ordinance was pasted by a voteernmentsafelythroughalldifficultiesaaddangers.Be respondentswho,bycourtesy,occupythereporters' afIdto1.would support oae of Georgia's distinguished sons, Mr. gallery ia the Boose, deliberately intending to bring The protest of George W. Btckford in reference to theStephens, who, although differing on many questions with members into contempt and rwlicuie, instead o f present teat occupied b y Alderman Barry, of the Second Alder- himselfduringthegreaterportionoftheirpoliticalUvea, ingthematthebestpossiblepositionbeforethecountry. manicdMrict,wasoanedupaadreferredtoaspecialyet now possessed his full confidence upon the great THX SPBAKXB8mr.there were many ethers whom he would support. They bers absent withxmt pair were Messrs. Ftoreace, Bindcommittee of five.coBrjttrmcATiox FROM TBB MATOB IV axusmw TO A DBP0TFOB TBB raOTBCTTOM OF KXKiKAXTS. Thefollowing communication wasreceivedfromtheMayer:.MATOB'* OFFKW, NEW YOBX, JIB. 9, 1800. To tan COMMOK Oorxcn.:—GxxTiaxuni—Itatthe dutyofgovernmenttoprovidefir the protection of the people. The interests ef all classes are alike entitled to the benefits of that doty. Political communities are bodies po Mic in which the laws and their administration should reach and cover every cltsa of persons, without distinction Nearly every city has tome individual characterattic, and relies upon some pecu- liar advantage. N e w Y ork i s emphatically aaaa a city It may be called a cosmopolitan city The moving throng which gives so much life and animation to our leading streets ia to the maai composed of strangers. A very large proportion of those who may be daily found upoa our principal thoroughfare (Broadway) are non residents or new comers. Every clime, every nation, and every part ef our own country may find representatives there.South as unsound in theory, and as disastrous as the WW Mr LEACH, (jJ. opp ) of North Carolina, voted for Mr. It is not an exaggerated statement that one fourth of tbo preme Bench to accept the MarsbaJxhip. Wm. B. Snow- mot Proviso,and thus considering them, whatever person- Gilmer; bartou when hit vote waa necessary to elect a persona at any time in New York are non residents.Business,pleasure,curiosity,necessityaadotherin- fluences, are operating continually to till up, and to keep filled up, this great metropolis with tho* • who cannot b e called citizens. A t least o n e hundred thousand persons are daily coming and going to and from N ew York, to whom the bulk of our people are unknown and of whom we know nothing.This great aggregate forms a valuable staple or pecunia- ry profit. Those who subsist upon industry derive largely from the advantages of this itinerant mass. It has formed one of the chief resources of trade, and may be said to bave become an indispensable commercial reliance. For the time being this mass ef strangers, while here, must be considered as a portion of the population, entitled not only to equal but to additional protection to that which others receive. Their ignorance of our laws and munici- pal regulationa demands more care and instruction than are afforded to those who compose the stationary part of the community. ^Justice and humanity, as well as sodnd policy, therefore, dictate that proper facilities shouldbe afforded tor •:« protection Provision should also be made for granting irformation, fae.iiuuag iiie progress and reaThe Pacific Mail Steamship Company's steamer So i» with good motives. Wd won! i thus encourage emigration cora, F. B. Baby commanJer, U-ft ?an Francisco Decemberway of defeating the Juarea goverasneat • t h e rejection ef the new treaty by the Senate.wereallaroundhiminthischamber scatteredallover MM South—their name wastegioiA—whom be would warmly and cheerfully support, even upon a platformmaaaadlaylor.Mr. WotBLOwmoved that the House proceed to elect aSpeaker.Agreed to, there being only five dissenting votes.authorise* the Secretary of War to issue to any State orTerrdoty', oa application of the Governor thereof, sucharma as may be spared, provided aa amount sufficient toreplace them by fabrication be deposited, and proposes whom be would give his support, unices they were Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, republican219. 110.placed upon a pttuJsrm recognizing the rights of the Mr. Hanuston, of Texas, democratSouth as he now asserted them. He would say he would not snpport the Senator from Illinois (Mr. Douglas), should he be nominated with nothing better than the Cin- cinnati platform; and as he has repudiated every otn<jr platform, heyconsidered bis rejection by the Charleston Convention, and by the people or the Southern States, asMr. (lilmer, of North Carolina, Southern opposition..United St&tts Senator, and at present Judge of the Supreme Court o f Illinois, a s TJ. 3 . Marshal for the NorthernDistrict of that State, vice Col. Charles N. Pine, resigned. atorefrone conclusion He (Mr. l7erson) consideredhit man (dent,), who were absent at toe call of the House, It is thought that Judge B. will not descend from the Su- doctrine upon Territorial power and the rights of the subsequently appeared and voted.unrated by UM record made in the House to-day. Mr.Hamilton has sot at any time concentrated so muchsareagth relatively as Mr. Miltaon Those who canvassedMM flekl Mat night vera net surprised at the reanlt to dayMi MMfailure to concentrate th e elemental opposed toKherman npon Hamilton. The fact (bat Messrs. Morris,Mixon and Carter left Mr. Sherman, and then returned to•MB, appeared Hke wavering, bat in fact was only a !:ttieBy play for political effect, and wonld not havekeen allowed to result in any daagjsr to Mr. Sherman.§ There at DO doubt it v a expected that a union of the ment, believing that it will emage Snowhook and tend party. He must ''istsent from his squatter sovereignty resuft:—took,ofChicago,wasthemastprominent candidate against him. Mr. Saowbook at an Irishman, aad is a leader of the Irish democracy. Mr. Breese is not a legalalrespectbehadforthatgenUeraan,whateveradmiral;on goodconservativedemocratitshouldnotbewanting.It'BaBRUtESi S DDEATHS aCaaJFOftflA.of b's takDTP, be would not sanction his doctrines or aid his friend* of the Southern opposition had on Saturday voted lor Mr. Hamilton, that gentleman could have beenhis election to the Presidency. Ia his opinion Judge elected.Whole number of votes. Necessary te a choice*.106 88 22 Messrs. Adrain and Horace F. Clark (A. L dem*) voted for Mr. Reynolds, and Mr. Gilmer for Mr. Stokesof the Southern members. And now, although the Eng-lish bill bad been defeated, what Southern Senator would evening. Our reporter, aa he entered, was handed a sufficiently familiar with the laws and city ordinances, aaquarter. It should be open at all hours of the day aud night, and its existence, together with the rule*and regu lations,bemadeknowninthecitiesofEuropeas wellas those oi the United Statesthitpaperaad,therefore, accordingtothemotto,the editorsdesirethatabandofSouthernfireeatersmay come to some quiet village in the North, at midnight,Taaffee,McCahilUsCb.54.200 Duncan,3bermanACo76,689 JBNewtonatCo..16,298 BushAComstock . 1,489 F.Curtis A Co 3,400 C W.Crosby 21,6003,867 Amer. Exch'ge Bank 61,000 20,000 Chas. A. Towneeod.. 19,687 »,<>•* Bo. 22,1*4 8,800 Metropolitan Back.. 20.000 pering with negroes. The defendant owned two farms in few fossils and old fogies like Edward Everett, Robert C. of Mr Little in his own place, but Mr little also declined. Salaries and Offices. Jacot.HecbtBrosACo. 11.68* Wm. Hoge A Go 36,000 Fairfax county, which he gave as security to his bonds Winthrop, and Washington Hunt, 'full ofsound and tary,'» Although Mr. Holt ma not wish to occupy the cha. -, he In answer to Alderman Cornell, the PKESUXEXT said he W T. Coleman * Co. 86.000 Amer. Exch'ge Bank 10AO9 men, aad became frightened, and has ran away to Michi- who never controlled a vote, and never gave form and was willing to show bis sympathy with the cause for was not prepared to announce the committees this even- PeWit! Kittle A-Co.. 26.090 Wells, Fargo A Co.. 162,000 15,317 Do 22.000 6,600 NeutladMr Bros .. . 29,400gan a ruined man.shape to a political meeting. The wbde whig party had which this meeting waa assembled, by giving the opening ing. J. Heller A Broft is equally certain that the republicans cannot electSherman exceptbythe adoption ofthepluralitymis,and this the democrate and Americans will resist to thebitter end. The republicans are aware of this,sad hence they are canvassing the proprietyofwithdrawingSherman,andpresentingtomenew FOXTBCQlinGDKRATB8. knowteogedandrespected.Buttheslaveryagitationhadlovetovan.Whantheyrealizedthatmiltious>,$61760. -lary,says:—TheBoanckowillgoto.PortoBelU*to-mor man. There is great diversity of opinion as to Who it shall After the House s ortrtaized the slavery question will gone on until it had produced an overwhelming party, of human beings werelheld in wicked bondage, contrary EXPEXPITVRES OJI a n ACCOUNTS AND TRUST AXD SPECIAL AC row or next day for water. The Belief remains in pert. be. Some are for Corwin, many are for Hickman, and a st 11ag.tate Congress. Hammond, of South Carolina, will whose avowed doctrine w as that slavery was a sin, a to the dictates or humanity, tbey came to pray that the 00CXI8 FOR 1S69.TheRex.Mr.Warreuwascalledupontojiinia prayer. Be prayed that their action might bee$1,788,666peace with each other, with the rights of each section ac- according to the principle of love to God and tion Attorney i6r the month of December, 1859, wasfor those who were held in bondage in this country. H elookei to for an able exposition of the President's position the Senator from Wisconsin, had declared by their votes prayed that the hearts of all men in all parts Of the na- 1869. to Dec. 31, 1869, amounting in the aggregate tothe vote. debt at the South, received a slave woman andMr Ivxxscn—I regret that the Senator has m*de that her boy in part payment. Somebody at the South approved a lew unimportant petitions and resolutionsMcDougal, Baldwin a n d Luge have each supporters A was disposed to recognise the right of the Southern people oner waa accepted. The speaker had expressed his Jis- Mr RoLLWAGSS offered a resolution to appoint a com- new candidate, A. C. Peachy, lately elected State Senator to their property in slaves. I regret to find now that approbation of this course, and the m an bad answered mittee to report an ordinance against the sprinkling of from this county, has appeared, and carries with him thenot a single man acknowledges thiB right. Mr Iverson that he hadn't lived till this time without knowing what salt upon Broadway and other streets and avenues iu th<» prestige of high character, unquestioned ability and supe-then proceeded to denounce the repablican party at sec- was the bast condition for the n*gro. Th* speaker bad city, as at present practised after a fall of snow. It waapressible conflict'' shall work out ite inevitable and sages in the Bible relative to slavery. It waa a duodecimo A communication relative to emigrants was received of the Tiswet, republican organ. A few days ago the lat- final end—the disruption of all the ties that bind of upwards of 400 pages He had circulars relating to from the Mayor. A thousand copies of the message were ter m an article in his paper,used most offensive languagethe States together, and the formation of a confederacy it, with spaces for subscribers names, which ought to be ordered to be printed. [The document is given in the re towards the Collector, and intimated that he waa ready tareceived Maters from friends in England, some of whom, in speaking of the great revival which bad taken place here, wondered that it had had no effect upon the stabilityrior social standing. Waahington, the present Collector oftional and hostile to the domestic institutions of the South,and threatening to seize every branch of the governmentand wield them to the overthrow and extinction of thatinstituticn. He hoped the progress of abolitionism of slavery.and sectionalism would be stayed by ithe election Mr. GILBERT wished to speak of a work by Dr. Cbeever,of a true democrat in the approaching Presiden which wa* about being published by subscription. It up and adopted, 14 voting in the affirmative aad 6 n the There has been considerable talk oa the streets of a tial election, and thus grve the Union another lease was entitled the " Sin of Slavery; or, the Crime of Slave- negative. hostile meeting between Washington and Washburn, editor of four yeare—a lease, it must b e , until th e "irre- holding," and comprised a consideration of all the pas- OTMXTXICATKMI FROM TUX MATOBof SouthernStates. Tothisitmustcomeat last; and in widelyscattered. He proposed that persons who were portoftheproceedingsofthe Aldermen.]Mr MrNsoxpresentedapetitionfromCompanyCofthe Seventy-ninth regiment, asking lor the use of the drill room andarmory at Jefferson Market, whichwas granted.fight,thoughhedid notexpecta challenge. Nothingbaa yet come of the matter.Scarlet fever has been very prevalent in the city during the last month. The mortality among children h a s been very great.The argument to dissolve the injunction ia force against the new .Vmadcn Quicksilver Mine Company it now A progress before the United States Circuit CourtARMT 3KWS-A detachment of the United States sappers and minersarrived here on the Golden Age, under command at Lieut Casey. They are tlettined for the Oregon L^partinont. Lieut Casey left yesterday in charge of the men for Fort Vancouver. the Cn-tedGen. Totteh*, Engineer in Chief ofHe is to inspect theTBX B08T0H POST OFflCX.Mr. WiLSDX, (rep.) of Mats , presented the petition of a served to confirm, that the "irrepressible conflicV' must among other things said that h e believed thirteen mary of expenditures on city, trust and special accounts,committee of the people of Beaton against the removal ofthe present administration, and they are pledged to inves- Mr Laxxt (dem ) of Oregon, offered a resoiation callingtigate ite official conduct m MM past, and cannot keep oa the President for the correspondence of General Wtn- under all the circumstances now existing was asked—there were only a few at this meeting—he WASinterestedtothecauseshouldsignforanumberofcopies, and be responsible for them. He would pay for ten copies,aad sellthem ifhecould,andifnot,hewoui1UtioBjata. In such an event he wasconfident the Southern York, should be found on duty here.Mr.BAIAnextjoinedInprayer withthemeeting,andprayed thatGod would give Mr. Cbeever* hook a great tion, upon the body of George W. Church, lately residingDtxo.*. (rep.) ef Otan., addressed the Senate in op- selves, let those loud mouthed, blood and thunder, braga a to the maaoettV* rtwnansmarfetintit m regard toconcerning it. Bestated that publishers were vary wonoftoebrainiwodiieeUby•i ''TM« »•*•loth to pub'ish this work. They said it would injure their inquest was not concluded, and will be rent this trade. Some said they wouldn't touch it any more than morning.they would a work from the bottomless pit. Another anu* TUB U T S FATAL ArrBAT ra LBOSABB STXXBT.—Coroaerthe Aaurtad claim, going into a lengthy history of the decto Hotspurs, come down through Virginia aad Northcare B e contended that there was no legal claim upoa Catattaa to Georgia, and force us back if they dare. this government. Slaves bad never been recognised as They threatened ua, who might resist with the halter andA large number of the sailors had liberty on Sanew it wa* lull of lanaticism. It would be impossible to pub Scnirmerhekt an inquest on Monday at the Mew York to come ashore. They spent several hours in tn«i wTanwasthecaseanthelastoaltottoday. propertyaatioaaUy,butonlylocally. Bequotedthelet- the sallows, but w e Pbsald n o t dignify them with any Pennsylvania, once voted for Mr. Gilmer, read from Spanish aad other laws to show that slaves we would bang them up, like dogs, to the trees of theBOARDThe Board of Aldermen for Its* sans their first meetingprohibited.A n ordinance accompany:ng t h e petitionO PALDEKMB5Alderman CORNELLthen moved that a special committee D. Hionburger of three be appointed to take the tax levy into considers W. Heller A Co tion. Carried. The President named Aldermen Cornell, Scholie « Bro Bco e and Brady as such committee.A communication w a s received from t h e Comptroller giving a summary of expenditures on city accounts, and also upon several trust and special accounts irom Jan. i ,The Sabine, Si. Louis andTotalOrdered to be printed and put on file.'The annual report of Mr. Thos. C Fields, Public Administrator, lor 1869, was received and orders i on file.After disposing oi some routine business the Board ad-journedti»Thursday.BOARDOFCOUNCILMEN.The Board met last evening, President Jones pressingOffxtrtatIheOpera—InterestingNew*Items,<&.The past week has furnished a large quantum of news,which w.lt be found both important and interesting. rolitxians are actively at work. The Legislature astern bles in t few weeks, and candidates for the vacant teat inthe United States Senate caused by the death of Brode- rick grow more zealous in pursuit of the honor. Weller has considerable actual strength, but his enemies are nu-First Lieut D. D. Clark, Sixth infantry, dted at Fort COL Hoflinan, with UeutenaatoOorley andWalker,Iinfantry, bave proceeded to Fort Tejon to attend a * martial to be held at that post. - -•Captain Foote, Sixth infantry, has joined aaa^ananaawiy Tee Ruse.*n naval otiicers new in **ts-at*y a*e* a de-the Sermon on the Mountto say, " Let your oommunica- evidence against him was very slight.andM»ra dm iheCxar," which brought the Admiral, h« officers and tioL be aigger. tu^cr; and whatsoever is more than this •aay of tha ana tone* to their feet, who taut stood unul oetnath ©fevil " Toumtbe word* which be repeated cnarged. Latterly one Martin Tnete.wa* s a t e a c ^ * * B* onaetotton. " Bail Columbia'' and " Yankee Doodle ' several time*. "W e should speak of this thing every the police have been unable to ««* *"»:. J?!, f--* .-! followed, aad were heartily applauded by the Rinwianain wberu.' was ^native of tha ctfv, itorty « g » ^ * g l £ r common with others The Ruaeiae and American flags,ThesubjectofDr.Cheever'sbookwa*againtakenup, havisawifeandr«'^«» A jK§ f l 3SB^^ satwined,surroundedtheboxesandmanyotherpartsofthe buiidixf. The feeling displayed evidenced a decided attachmentonthepartofourpeopletowardathenation represented b y t h e strangers. Salutes bave been e x changeu between the forts and the skips.lisli it unit! a thousand subscribers had been obtained tor Brapftel open , l , e b o d y o f TBOS- Clare< * native of Ire- viewing ike tights. Their conduct was all tkat eoo»tg; ter f President Monroe iu supportofhis poattioa,and eachdecentexitfrom this world, but,by theSternal! a. Dr.Cbeeverthenwentoutaadprocuredanumberof land ihin/ eveyear*ofage,wb*diedtheday previous, desired. Tnelr appearance teemed to" dnser Bfo^~^couldnot**ODOsjdare*aaproperty. Bealsoojaotedthe a> IXSTXCCTXJW AT rax XHJTAXY op.nioa of Justice Story.^^byaaa'torearnedJohnHowe. Itwaaiaevidencethat res;£etsanaoproximateresemhiance^ Tbeya£ - " on last Tuesday sjsj»t Howe waa found lying drunk tn the low tiled and stoutly built: have broad f« *«»*yirat atAvaxT qi^snox AXDTUBraaataxCT Mr.IvaasoH.fdem.)ofGa,movedtatakeopMr.Pughsretwieooa,otteredlastweek. Carried. Mr.lvxtso.vaauitheSenatorfromOhiochargedhimCelebration of tlao tsaUtlB*•*turut aad light hair, moat of them t a at mustache. Manyhadtheeastofcount tobsw i t h h a v i n g a d v o c a t e d i a 1 8 4 8 , w h i l e a m e m b e r e f t h etower boose, the doetrtae ef popular saversjguty. whowasentitledtothefloor,togivewayforacallofthe He admitted it; but he bad repeated aaa recantedhit error Be mm regarded it the amy ofCongresstoprotect byenactmentslaveryintheTerri-reWH%%A»of "Death from prostration aad delirium tremens, super IanucadbyastabatthehandsofHowe." Onthe rendi- tionoftheverdictHowewasexamined HestatedthatI Ueies, and 'teaied Che right of Congress to prohibitI slavery thereto. He then ei:xpmfaed hi* action on the**••IOr^XBibiJla18**,andwentiintoahistoryoftheleg«a-Mr wishedto(dem) ofGn,saidthatalthoughbe en the time of the House but a short if his friends desired it, and thought thereJohn B, ffitorge. of Mwr«--??*•• J L / J M k ? be was born in Ireland, is twenty-six years af age, aad ea her last trip Ttaae-19 dayajB•pUM I iic«te'p!BgrTMsiBo*«*lan thittuhjactIn the courseof organisation, be nould oirverfu.)yyWJ ' Itc affair wa* highly successful.forestgrowingreadytoourband*. Adjourned.DtHM*of Repretentatlve*. WABBTXCTOX,Jaa.I,18fi0.circulars to distribute among the audience. The meeting partly from the effects of a stab in the left thigh, iafltctod German physical standard, to which tbey b o r e * - ^TheJackaou Mr WBSJLOW, (dem) of N C , asked Mr. GartreU, the anniverssrv«»There.apriestoftheGreekHis appearance on ^ ^ ^ * ~ ¥ TM 7 **Untitled DocumentsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.thenbiokoup.Anniversary WearOrItanaat*ssaMfSM*.,, of New York, and other*. Rhode! H§BdfDr. Bartaette,btts at Mo. ld l Leonard street. He claims that be did notstabuongaaedlUicutionaBj.An applioatioa made w the * ^ T to oc-fljpeiumiadKU»cnS tan*Letter* wire read from *TM**" IsaireiBey**** and others."-"*•• .$19,021,621 <>4«%e.( ice.,The steamship Atlantic, Capt. R. H Pearson, arrivedyesterday morning, i s seven days from Asptnwall, bringing passengers aad specie—twenty days from San Francisco. The Atlantic left New York December 20 at 2.30 P M , and arrived at Aspinwall at «S0 P. M. December 27,making the passage in aeven days and four hmrs.* Her patseDgers and newspaper express crossed early on the morning of the 28th December, and left Panama th» same day x the Golden Gate. The passengeri of the North .Star left twenty-two hours afterwards.laid over this port, announces himself as a candidate, and claims The resoiation which was presented at the last ineetiogof the Board instructing the Comptroller to take no steps that he it certain of success. No person attaches, bow- toward disposing or the Brooklyn terry leases, was called ever, much weight to the assertion.The Comptroller transmitted a statement giving a sum-The Prebie ia at Carthagena. Jamestov. n are off Nicaragua.Oar Sinn FranciscoSA5 FXASCU^OO, Dec. 20, I860.to?*-theIBowing robe-gave himquitea yenevui-^^ p ^ emostratiidraa^aej^jr^^^^^andSanFraacisooB serxedwithEngbskcoal«?liTM JTMCXTM**^ite . www.fultonhistory.com 