 ';flag*! *fwbichereiTmanoirisBone,andnt ofaboutl.aoeyaids. Tbsflrstriiotvrssbabda.rtmhleeseslleT- afterBiaaoftheMthconttmiedtodrop,«adstOlOiere vaUon was loo neat, and the sheU passed was no btUtB^L-jUMlaaaBt Rogers nishedihraaghIMVBXAS.jofretdheteosctohret-wagon, wagoa'...faidowBHBons the grave-momxla, ezpoaed to the over the eoe*** UwastheonhrfiiUure. Tbeseoood the dlteh;^puM>«ul t^ spikes, and sucolHeala latereetfaii ny*oTlhebraiBiigran.OccMionaUr«'">"»TMTM shellburstlUhtInthemidstofnelargestgroapj^MlreachingthebinaaadertheparapetwalU^-yUKiutHaeet Oyera- i^o^to."'The ladLSrthSrJl*L!^^' dninkatthetlntethataliofeuTSdnotaeeffiBttwall, when a baU from «a BjfieW or IBide rifle wonld whix over his head,aaedmtMfeT»v/; gpwould ridenptowudsthedttoliaawllka wtlL some 'MnHiled^oagh, a^ a few succeeded Ut reachingHaAa-Qsi.0»nAL OuMMS, No. ta-rfTh^CwIiel clmandlnstakeapleaaireln publii^ngijto•ndModbimMow and then smallMWthe eentre. portion Macked Uie rear. sightuppepafl^ UtentbatallofoBe of the oattyia frtnt, broncU down from his room, betweea oaeakolkingrifle didnotbring yards, supported " shoulders,pitched with unerring accuraor. A good breeze and the J^rench quickly crossed over. These men either from Geoeral or Department Head-Quarters. hindmost wkgcn and made a barricade of Itt contents. er's roomtoenrlam^ the oouM not have heard In her owngaUopIng partiessot a shell that dbl not burst flw akaot spoMo w|||$h •Iretfy crossed oveNllpt laldeneanled bysaw him oa in theSmiday qaestto"was in possession of the Allies, and that it would be defended by their troops. They re-into Armstrongs the iutrenchments.SIKHS TIKiiCS TABTABS-bedroopmeadtoogr was or vriteln twoShanghaitween English and French there was to at the head of the Nueces ment reflect great credit on Capt Sturgis, thechoose. A Frenchman cUmbed to the nothing overtaken I'he Indians River, and imine- and men ol his command. The pursuit was com- three feet of toe place where sbe lay; the deeease*withoutbeingableto find anyof the rebels, or any of their boats.I wasad- galloped across to Stirling's battery, andmiilng his practice, when, to the surprise of everyweretoafter aconduct- ehidswhietahvgyreat judgomnentbte eAnrekragnysaasnRdivsekri,lLonLtehaev2i8ntghomed, however,butbroughtbaythat sbe was uncovered above tbe she waaia-guns theyFrench, and the southern and western by the Eng- the most wild and unearthly cries. $o unexpectedlish.dashingInclafia been mounted on fleet' American horses, the snack would have resulted moredtsastrously to them.HatautU Limey, Ihe next witness, lived at the sama hoiise, but i^aw on tbe day of tbe occurrence neitlwrThese last were butvJBages, containing lit-fire two rounds of case, when they were within 100Sixly-seventh. caughthold of the; to tlie eventss, a*hen tkapropertymense. The burning continued there for two or was theUqurias ;I— three dayslime,the houses were many ofi^edi of tne the Tartars. Without a moment'sagainstauaek. He wastbrougboutpursuit Ragsdalebeingmarch out without arms, but Eill the'u- material ofup with their exertions. what \\ us nieaut by these tokens. They crossed the lected a portion of his followers near La Bolsa, with pany D, becoming disabled by a kick from his horse, didn't see him agntodeceased was always drunk;war was left inWhen the Centaur left, theor tiOO small-footed women, who could neither walk himsilfa Major. Mr. Parkesdemanded tlie surrender "a view ot attacking the steamer iiancA fro on her pas- toe dying Indian rushed upon liim with his lance, but never was seen sotierscge to Brownsville, fired across the river on the State had only strength to inflict a slight wound. Chief bu- stagger, but never fall ; never had heard any quarrel-posedAnglo-Chinese war. Will it be followed by aadjacent village. —THE .'ATTACK ON THE TAKU PORTS.hoisted flags of truce to enable our civil authoritiestoe river with forty-ntoe men and drove them fromtt.eir with loss. position great1 he entire loss of Ckjrtinas, during all the c^ierations against him, was 151 men killed. The loss of theand froops was, one regulargood a man as ever lived. If she would only keep sober.1I{!;of HiBs-FtTNO. Thesuch a course only plunge the country deeper intothe horrors of civila contestfrom whichwith-escape evemng,ri/iA—January, 1660,atIJ*o'clock—;greiwsoanseSraalrwahysMcMuUen nsetxetadTye.stified toat she knew Mrs.theyand arrived on the soon afterwards. groundit was arranged that the artillery fire should open oaJl., Color,idoFiwtizthugohne Lneoen,-commissioCnaevdalry, lefatM.OVKDTO IBABS.sober anddangerthey:of the Allies.The English will now have to turn theirto Lieut Lowe, the Ad-Mrs. Magarit Fagantestifiedand themselves cannot12-pounderCollmcau, had marcheu up to Tang-kow the previousout and orderedable information.cutrence, witoess heard no icnffllngwar,out an untold expenditure ol blood and trciisure.TBB A1.1.IED VICTORY ON THE Pl::i-IIO.(iraitlilc Aecennt ef the Attoek on tke Tar> tsr Camp, and die Capiare et' the Tshu F*rta.Prow the Speaal Correspondtnl of the London Timti.is thatwouldby meiu The French force—1,000 infantry and six were dovn, and not a man visiole. On passing a ou the march, and his to'toe prisoner nor Via wQemany of them were large wholesale wajrerooms, most gallant style. No flmchLog, no craningdrummer of the French One Hundred and Second, S< cimd—On the morning of the" 30th of October,saw was toe next wtt-no small quantity of opium. On Sunday morn-The eflMt was Instantaneous. One of the leadinglishman in theand was after^vards of thegreat- F, EighthInfantry, in pursuit of a party of Indians, re- overtaken, determined to Dr. John Ives,pohce-surgeon, Ihe deceased at thebe more than his conduct, for he had no sup- and the stores, shops, warerooms and dwelling- gallantspeaks killed, and six horses killed and disabled. Capt. head form,allies were in the fort Still toe Chinese made a des- and conduct of the entire party, but have been torn a as It would theainaugurateOn the l5th ofA. Lieut Secondtr.IALOV HIS Win PBISOJiERon that going up stairs, at two o'clock day,Camp Tass-Kow, os thb Pai-Ho, Saturday, Aug. li, lS«a.picket,on foot Lieut Lee dismounted, and after a se'arch of several hours, came suddenly upon him andagallaot and desperate resistance at the upper North- ein Fort, which was only stormed by our troops afterthe corjduct and daring of bugler t-Jward M. Hays, ^'(m. McLean, who, for nearly three hours, assistedcame)escapehalf a dozen saddles were utstaitfirtte ««oM.tkM:th«*totetaig oompanMt of:(ke«Aksoimded the attaoksi^the del esoort-«aca«,,ithat; Sunday dldataoUceaWt£a?Si22"i*^^degrees,," shouted Capt. MUwarrf, '-vreM at ttSewaoik someher appearance.got by every gun. For apwaroj of ten lulmsback to his comrades. battery maoe magnificent praionUoa. Wot a skM fsl^su, IheBrm. There (feer lobiammdbothoe Frenall,wte hadThug at fuU apigi ia c_ iiofirtntwocoiueAcnuottlhverclrotatjofwhlSiS^e* „ bousewimIheprisoaetla^Augatt,aadknewuSkrof three or four could it was directed. and left, at the <caTalty their cooUm. These ladders bent wuea placedttcroif Right;Sil2 and two <>>eloe? witoess UresMamong the grave-mounds, and In front, into the Intrenehmeato on the flaak, thedl'ch. IB joaiped six coolies up to flieiniecki. at 1,200 at 1,600, at 2,200, were the shells The ladders were across theirthetnaft'la Taai^ tSwa bjr tbe fire of tiie SerMant aail hu party, Qie noticed notUng unusual about himwhole of Monday the gunboatssheUs over the cit^ into the fields beyondMidwest gates. IcUnot known how mncheie- stood right maufuHy lor ten minutes, when they found soldiers passed one by one. The English ladder took place.mentioned, it being thethe southtested in action, and there was but one as to A was now across the ditch la front of qualities opinion plank placedgun,fe'arnolm'sthe circumstances reported, two ladiaos are to the prisoner's house on tbe My of the alleged beat- believed to have been kUIed. The Indians captured tog ; saw the decea^«d lying on tbe floor, all covered some loose antaials In toe rear of toe trato, (a,horse, with and naked the floor was covoretcavalry, stcod irresolute for a time, and then retreit-on Friday evening, the nth. On Saturday they ed.besiegersstood upon the benn. The ladders placed against the .dale on the Frio. The pursuit wasencountered and dis- was called to toe bouse at about nine o'clock la tbe;beard on the left, BO the wtre ordered tonumber. The tbe eiigage- ing could exceed the gallantry of toe assailants. Be- prosecuted with so much vigor that the Inilans were cfrcumstanoea attending officerstoe bed was la a tiedrtiom ont of tlie'TOom laceasewhich she ^aahad clotoes but Were turned back se uponher, theyfiring:tbeone, a body of 80 or 00 Tartars rushed from thdrhgaln u ok to flight over a broken couniry, aod elu-baggage;On Sunday the eastern aoburb was fired by the front to take his in flauk. On came with and he fell back, speared through the eye. Another, ued byw as this attack that bad time to CapU Stirling barelySi'.cekwaxlel. Hewas and Lieut shot,momlug October,Burslem, of toe pick and continued of value. But in the eastern suburb yards of the guns. There was no infantry near, but the w ork. Lletit Rogers attempted to force his way9^ttt yetp-ggrfc ifattg, gatttritog, Kopcmber n, MW.^^!n??W"admitthatthedeceasedwaaia(hehaMtnr,hi.H..ao forthef time need be w««edWitoess Slated that the deceased inB^n>..a.be aeenlucky were they if the unerringome oT their number to the ground. Dunng the and no file firhig enabled the whole division should have a riband," said Col. Dupln, himself con- Many scouts and expeditions hi wUch high soldierly Tbe Bergeaul hurried with his party to the rear, when even an unusual nrdse made la HaUIgan's mom roomwere throwmg to witness the effect of the Armstrong gun, now first splcuousln the front, " their gallantry Is marvellous."were evtoced are notto notice only Uiose in which actual conflictsIts absolute aod unqualified success. The Tartars the main gate, over which very rtekely bridge many purposethe place too hot for themcnUon did,bat•oneoftheseaheltowereseen theytookthe resolutionof waveriog, pnaeratiythe wheretheFrenchhadngle thefort FJf««—theyto &1I and burst among the rebel bands, and musthave killed larje numbers of them. Two gunboatsforcement of two hundred men, and arrived here Armstrongs. The former hailed when they saw our of lime were showered on the crowsudnokf-potsTlen-tsln while a road,smaller force advanced on ourof awho a large number of horses belonging to Mr. H.toe and coomess displayed.a feather bed aad oneat oneewere sent up the river with a commumcauon and pounded them well In flank. Just at this moment in vain did man after mancsuunen^elC, D, E and 1, First Cavafrj,toCapt. Stfrlingbrought his battery to bear,wall were pulled Into the fort or thrown over, andof;so after some was also sent to the salient of On the 2«h of;* foe woaae* particularlydesperate attomptingw turn both flanks of the English, and so get Into thefr rear. A large body of Tartar cavalry rushed up thecrossed. Here B. Uazen, Eigbto Infantry, with two uon commis- sioned officers and eight men of Company F, Elghtospotthefr ladders were laid and the troops got over.;the room was in great dlaanler ;TBK OHINKBEhad been brought up from Chusan with a refti- left. The latter were soon disposed -of by the three All this time the fire of the enemy continued IncM- that had carried away two negro and driven off Tmiru/dgim—eCnatp,tcou8ragT)e. Sturgi', First Cavalry, com- liullt ;FIBK.sant Coldshot,handgrenades, andvases boys,attemptto swarmtfaronghthe rebel chiefs, informing them that the city of the guns of the Ffrst Dtvii-ion and the French were the embrasures. If the defence was desperate, noth- withstanding a heavy rain and chilling norther, was on the «ih of August kllllag twontyntoe of thefr door, and her bead toward the middle of toe room;tup of toe par- apet,whereforsometimehestoodalone. Oneride after another was handed to him, which he flred against the enemy. But his courage was unavaUuig,attempted to escape, rapid chase—one of tl.eir nu.mber killed and one wimnded—when theynow the chance to test the Sikhs Lenon, Sixty-seventh, came to his assistance, their excellent conduct toed»y en the 3d of October, the Imuans attacked the thouaht It was about six o'clock when she saw toe da-the eUIdcryiiirthata(te(|i»OB<hesitation,and forced the point of bis sword Into the wall, and,plac-accompanied uySir.tro< ps in camp, doing but Utile Injury, and withdrew ceased she had ;^aid most substantial kind built by the Chinese, and regardless of numbers, Lieut McOregor gave the ing one loot on the sword, Lieut Rogers leaped tn o other citizens, and he acknowledges toe valuable while It was yet dark. As soon as It was light the hot heard no other noiseword to charge, and away went the Sikhs in through the embrasure just after Jean Faucnard, services rendered by Mr. Foreot;fudristatnist were agato discovered in front, and about II stairs once wito her baby to her arms, and always containing large ^antities. of produce, and 'proba- every spur was well In ttie horse's side, when bad got over at the right angle. Lieut Rogers acted ]h5d, Lieut Hazen again set out from Fort Inge wito A. M. it became appaient that toeir mala body had her totoxicated.;Most of the inhabitants escaped to Tang-kow. 500 river, and were met on the mud by a miiu who called; ;Hausser, also received a lance wound in his ing between prisoner and his wifepossessionwere at Tien-tslng, and negotiations it was sup- gardens. Sir Hope tirant at once placed a guard that is not much." " Well, tlieu, we shall couimeiicenor run, and a number of children, took refuge in ot the forts. Absurd and ridiculous request*'' saidtroops under Major Foid, operating under orders ofsteamer.gler,toe neighbors;small juniis moored in a creek which intersected tlio the o'her•'you have only taken one fort out of five '"fresh and said that he was a very good man to such a alwaysplenipotentiarieshad commenced. Thus ends the third over them, and they were eventually passed on to an again at 2 o'clock." The sooner the better ; we onlytheTo repel 1 his attack and to protect tbe boat Major fleet hor.ses, escaped—the cavalry horses having been bad wife ; dcci?ased sometime's complained of want of lord with Major Tobhi and Capt. TomUuson, crossed completely exhausted by the long and rapid pursuit. money, but said it was her own fault for she had asfourth ?attention seriously to the Rebel question, and theprogress of the world in religion and civilization tion to the Royal Artillery and some Ma<lras moun- soldier.'—many of toem wounded—gave themselvesmcil, and gives special praise jutant Regimenttheir solution of it.Graham's up as prisoners. They were ut once released andSergeantConroy, of Company L, and private Joseph Art, of First wounded.may depend nponfancy that by raising their magic wand they may quell this rebellion and prop up the tottering thronethe force consisted ofcompany. Royal Engineers, S15 Madras Sappers, theAt 4 o'clock on tho morning of the 21st the Englishcolumn marched from Camp at Tang-kow. In addi- was fired, no resistance made. Upwards of 2,000of toe fpr his kind aal judiciousaway fortidght beforeIhe occurrence she had Uved to the ;They may tain guns,Forty-fourth and Sixty-seventh Regiments, and 330forts weresouthwest of Pehtang, three miles northwest of Tani- skfrmlshers obtained a position near the counterscarp sent across the river toThree them, 'the enemvto considerThe Disuict-.tttrimcy said that the minutes 61 ex- pended, and he was discharged.Norttaera forts to Tlen-tsin. About seven miles kept up an Incessant fire, under cover of which thekow, and six miles northwest of the Northern forts. It of the outer ditch. Here Lieut Gye, of Milward's was andof nis{ilea.forms the most advancedthe north bank of the river. Three intrenchedcommanding the causeway from Pehtang, had been the thigh. A gunner was wounded almost at the same lastpositionof the Chinese on camps,battery, rector of theItalian Opera, was shot throughdays' campaign, were the Pei-ho forts taken, the disaster ofhis own and three others badly wotmded. lie mCii- wimesses. The Court aUoweu theCharles Harris, indicted for grand larceny to sleal-made towards the east of themeat resting en Sbiho Itseltin the usualfaahion of mud and straw, with crene- on the field as hospital apprentice, attached to the lated walls and a deeo ditch, and were of very recentformation.accoiu-.Srirnr*— On llie 'J?;h of January, 1S60. Sergeant time, when Mr. Anthon, toe Assistaut-ProsecuWr.ed and wac .sent to the guiltyRefuge.After the reconnaissance of the 9th, it was determin-dous tire.In so doing he was shot in the arm, but theclaimingtothes'.nofMr.by Lieut. Ro>ai, ;c pursui:of a party of Inoians toathad committed on the Leona. On depiedatiofiSto beatthe last intnncb- 'Tlicy were cooftructedthen Thetown,lishment, a soldier's son, and Fiti^bon by name, wasalmost to a clos,.Ij1iIproceieded. impannellngofscaUng- pier halted the division. The plain extended ap to followed the pontoons. The first pontoon was, afterresign Chittenden, Assistant Superintendentthe town, which was open in froct. O.i .he proper liabt of the Tartars were the three large intrenrh-much di/ficuliy, carried water, leading to the mainofthe Rochesterry. .\f;er a perstierlng aiid ftitiguing search, 'laviugsen! talk tuenly horses too feeble for the work, heovertook and a;:acked, on the 13th of February, a but no'Ured notidnc about r.f r; It hadi'maUoa tbefr left market gardeiis and a small in-and Syracuse—Lewis Sutor has been arrested and held to bailbeen on Its face. Saw rhf diceised l.rinK the lying:*" ^''- "^'""h wasand crowded: it wa^ CirSc. Did imlnarrow, traached caoB on the road to the river. The potsi- with killed and wounded. The wereheavy Ms had oenr dccmoed to them, so no preparations despite the struggles and excnlons of Marines andLancaster, Pa.,..,.,..,. i;K>ntoons UUlT of fli^rbeing attacked on the road from Tien- and unwieldy one of ttiem was shotwhatever bad bean made to receive us. A Urge body Sappers, who did all that brave men theShrober, kee_perproprietor oia rival stage line.'Iliiily wounded t'Ao. Before they could be driven from Ilallliian had resi'ltu .ncsriy as long;; witoess was ac-1 ' 'road. And now the Armstroag* In the centre were ordcfcd to open fire on the Tartar aaralry.was no cover against the bullets, spears and arrows flying about to everv direction, so Captato Gregory placed his men up to their middle In water and com-prisoner ; at Uie request of the Police, who came upat toat time, Mrs. Riley took charge of toe childness onCe saw the deceased fall three times to walk-;here, expressedtbe possession of the stolen metal by !""J a^ y„. TheTury, after a short consultation, r^n^ej-ed tor seudiet of guilty, and Uie prisoner wasfirstfBhwasAred,atSOminutestoII A.M.,atarangeaddIt with excellent effect for 30 rounds.a willingness torncr,a Wackman,indicted for ulomousin front of the towntoons could be advanced no could,their position, nitht sat in with a terrific under storm,witaess had;«fTarlafeevaliyiOdCuppositionwhen they saw &• anflr ^^o*^. *^ '^'IM fot aboat a mile and a tuiU. Gen. Napier's dlspo- '^^l- =*" °*"'' ""'' "'^' °f "»« Ind two—sec >trs. Ilailipin everydaybeen in the houst all day on the Sunday in questionwas ciihtirated. .\n cxamiiiation of their position lu the nevrr heard any noise in prisoner's rooms, except at a time. The witoess h-dd worked hi tiie•^*e'"l-dSaos were soon made. The InfuifrT was formed in of the Sappers, were also wounded One of the Sao-;I—,I",?^,"?on suspicion of having poiscr.ed party of Indians in a strong pjsition. Not being at>le see Halligan at all' that day. 'a most promising younjt oflicer, son of the di-departing,greathorseback.Grand to toe.-n iii the Jury only guide questiontognot and her bail was forfeited. appear,ed to make a double attack on thisturn the left flank of the Tartars, cut lUem ofl Crom theTlea-tsln road, and drive them into the forts ia ihcre»r. For this purpose Gen. Napier with the Second At 8 A.M., the Chinese heavy guns havliig been her sex. She was Division was to diverge u the right 300 yards from thecauaeway gate, and march across the mud to the vance and throw a bridge over the outer ditch. TwoTka-tslB road, while the First I>ivision and the Frenrh bad been prepared, made of Blanshard's light infan- fulse,marched along the causeway and attacked tlie in- try pontoons, under charge of Lieut Prltchard, R. E. been suspected.crybeg children,her. Sliort-so as u>mnehments in front.Alter marching upwards of an hour, we arrived be-hasbeen extracted,and the woimd.ls healing.Eth-en i 'Iafter previously joined by ofiiiethe cries dead. Thetnt trial,testimonyonly circumstantial,position,bulletA morecellent, and he well deserves some promotion.beenseven citizens, the party came up«n eight In-IjRoyalplea tobe with---' 'moment A lad ef 1», on the Indian medical estab-i^roughtThos. B. Ives and Robet tKUey, Casey,He•7th. Without a moment's hesitatl»n he rushed to the artUleryman and dressed his wounds under a tremen-a SecondCavalry,weredispaichcdfromCampLawson forinne>ct tried. At a previous trial for the sameoneitoeis ex-were ordered to ad-They were carried by 82Royal Marines, accompaniedtJic 21>it, h;;y:i!ggallantlad never lived.ehat^ctmAlien,Memphis, Tenn., a few dayshadcharged, h^ net cictied,nearly siiensed, the ladder party(1—It is rumored that when Chauncey Vibbardin number. toe rrcMciittor.amount of ((,000, pleaded and not; guiltyby 12 tappers of the The Royal Engineers.Capta Cetachment of Companies A aud F, .Second t'aval- rcoru. In the afternoon witness hcird Mrs. illialtli-he willfore Sinho, about a mile frem which >ptsce Ueu. Na- tuklers and t.he powder-bags for blowing In the gate of toe Cenfral Railroad, and toat Mr. ll-arlaa \V.;hithrough, and, wito arscrdc five horses belocgtogErnman :elupto the gateover the of the fort. Hencelan'E and went in anil '.'.irned It over baby crv,Royal Engineers, was wounded while leading on hisCO* er cf H nich tliC remainder escaped, and their tracetbe morning, showed It to be of great strength, of fre- when he was away—the noise of Itiswlfe falling on shop of Mr. McDougal, from which bepers Is since dead.'^quent rt SI rt, and prepared for concealment and de- fence. Fourteen horses were captured. Tne Indians" stolenon this Sunday she had heard no things from fetters up town." He said he had ueveTHiswas arrested insince, clLirged with asisuming attfre laconsisteat withfound the- womanbutiMeanwWle, two companies of the 4uh. one com- anticipated.manded by Captain Gregory, the otJier bv Lieuten-in thevalue of property involved is estimated at $100,000.— mother of Hon. Howell Cobb received at Thewere armedwas about half-past seven been in State Prison, but refused to ^^%^ .^^'tcfsJnlaMeMnTHt ABIISTSOKO OtIHA.I stood by Captains Milward and Harrison as the pets, himself seizing a rifle from a wounded soldier for five handsomely embroidered shirts, worked bymenced a fusillade the Chinese on the againstfromtoeTento-avenuepara- using Maalatothey elsihttcnce., _. . _..,,„,„r Tur- AiritiinderMajorheard abd deceased.Elgin might pro- The English gunboats detailed for the ceed up the Peiho to Peking, but he refused to sur- purpose were tlie Janus^ Clown, Drake and Woodcock. render the forts. Mr. Parkes returned his letter toinairy, pursuithis at No. :!ir WestForty- wife,Tirus prisoner.nortliem fort.The French sent four Iron gunboats, one of which hadofter a rapid pursiut for two days, two Indisos were third-sfreet, on the 5th of August last.arrived thebefore theTHB boiibari>he:<t.render " would suffice.killed, But I have no power." but the other mounted on a fleet horse, fted across thethirtycharacter, but the Court suggested that It useless, as the character was not attacked.would beengagement.dayHardly had the head of the English column reached"Mho has"The Milllary Commander."" Where isof theto trial. First, he objected tlial the min-when the enemy opened fire, up-youyou call yourself Viceroy and Governor-General,yet you can do nothing, and refer me to adeadman.Ishall no "Let stay longer."Police OfficerNo further witoesses were called, and Mr. Ashmeaddefence of the set forth toeorythe advancedal)out 5 A. 51., from both northern forts, from the perESUthemfortandfromtheriverbatteries. Mil-|The Taku Forts are captured. The enemy made ward's battery of Armstrongs ImmeOiatelv replied, and so toey did, until nearly 5 o'clock, when Mr. killednpon which they hadwould not be competent proofpetit jury, and certainly were quite as Incompetent be-us discuss the matter," said the Viceroy, and nal afibrdlng shelter at 4S0 yards from the ditch, a Parkes, Feeing that nothing would be done, roee tohtm in combat. AU the twea- personal ammak,opening. the the Court having chargedthey had not been able to agree."The Court wiU sit this morning at 10 o'clock,one wing of the fl7th pushed up to the borders of a ca-!tv-four, were captured. Lieut commends Lee^dghlyjury, toey At*alatehourlast mghtwhenourreports to,and soon after 6 A. M. ail the batteries had opened hre.place batteries, youYou have .seen what happene^l to the north fort to-manslaugh- had drawn a bill lor:DAKCa-HOUBI—THIETKS IK A WIT- Q KXS8-B0S.the remainder will follow on Tuesday,leaving a small garrison in the Ibrts. Not a Tartar tion, and Milward's and Barry's .\rnistrongs were ad* day. Well, that ts nothing to the storm of shot anda By no dangerous anJ,Tiea-tsiB;task." iSe alsonotices. l^r their sOiilierly conduct Corporal John N. murder. Counsel moved on these grounds, the quash- Sick, James O'Connor.Govan's and Desborough's howitzers came into ac-means, easyter,while theDistriot-AttorneyHamman,and aing-ko-Un- vanced. At 05^ o'clock a tremendous explosion took "•m has fled to Feking. Finally, the Armstrong gun place In the upper northern fort, and about ten will what like." Mr. l';.rkcs uicVtiicterdoyan ab-has been well tested in thefleld. Its success is tri-amphant and onaqolvocal. Beyond question or dis- pute, It is the best gtm yet used in action. Sucblsthe Munmary of my itorr. Now fot the details.ATTACK OM THS TASTAB OAMF.The small town of Slnho, against which operations intense. The whole of the English field artillery was tantwere lies on the road from and now pushed up to 500 yards from the gateway, and directed, Taog-kowor Cbiaese soldisr la now in arms;Come back, come back." said theCourt ef General Seaataae.minuteslateranotherstill moreterrificIntiiclower signa allowed in other practice which was net.^TAtlBIKC IB Anorth fort Beams of wood, earth, shells,and bodies were hurled into the air, wliile the concus-sion shook the ground for miles around. SUil the "orCtunese stood to their guns, though their fire waxed a pass. The Viceroy signed, observing, My preae- 'tual waver of the Court objection te the IndlctmeiitIn this Ocurtyesterday,Judgefainter and fainter as that of the Allies beoame moretie United States Courts, v/ould not allow a toeywho had been convicted of an attempt atcausewayDivision will into his sh'jes. steppon- further. Maj Graham',' Marines,waycciv tog much better treatmentstole witness had often teen the deceased fall the meUl. He sajd also that he had qUierline of ooatignooa cfriomns at qoarier-dlstance, theBufi in advance in sUniMinf ord«, three Arm-strongs hi the centra, thiee more om the British leftflank, the cavalry on the tteht, partially concealed by ant Rogers, had rushed to the diicli to keep' do*n the Land Court in St. LouLs, in which Hon. Wm. Preston, the 'rtea-tsm road, with Sttr^rt battery to cover that enemy's galling fire of gingals and matchlocks. There United States Mini.sterto Spato, Is plaintiff. Thethe cha:rsfrom her chair noise In the room;;chestto comnuudcate with yours." By 2 all preparations were made, and the French and English skirmishers advanced against the lower northern fort. No shotiiIIi'commends the M^jor,Thoma6 goodconduct of histhat she hadsent across toe river. Again a flag of truce wasCompanyherdeato witaesshadnevei ;C, Artillery, slighUy Heintzelman commends the cheerfutoess and alacrity with which all toe officers and men of liis Royal Marines, amounting in all to upwards of 2,500 along the front of the south fort, but the mantelets- coUiinaud performed their duties, as well in action as—canons rayis under command of Gen.I III:\ 'and Terminer.OS HlftTIM HALLIGAX FOE THE lldllDEKfell down stefrs wito her babe on the day of <h« OC- ;the upper northern fort atA. M., while four Eng-and menofyesterdayhe bore a character. goodcharac- Counsel for defence here offered to call twenty orlish and four Frenchshelled the lower the Governor. He that Lord gunboats agreedaof partyprisoner, HenryU.next testified to the 'goodand Mr. Parko«,!hoisted on the south fortsson, and Mr. Loch crossed once more. They walked !;MajorprisonerMrs. Halligan, on the day of toe occurrence, at half-drawbridge which led up to the gate, an officer rushedexpresses obligations Judge La^ is, Messrs. Yturra, Cummins and Galvau for valu-pastthem back. "said Mr. Farkes, " I must at once see the Governor-General."them to Hang-fiih's house, beforemessenger with a flag of truce presented a letter fromConrt ofOyerWe shan't go back," After some parley the officer conductedshe saw the;Hang-fuh, telling Mm toat nothing but absolute sur-witoesses in further proof of the prisoner's goodof the 44th to another canal on their depart. On leaving ihe house he said, "By t^ewing3X boors' hard fighting. The others surrendered left The French took up position on the English from the town.'' "No, should I?'' "Becauserushing upaoom after the action. Part of the army occupieii right Their guns at once opened on the southern fort the is full of why whence hre ou us.when';''for the woods. The chase led over hills and ravines covered with dense cedar for six or seven miles, when the Indian, hard pressed, attemptsd toupontoeIrregularitvproceedings,"he V '* He is dead." Then are a man of straw ;"prairieMatheus testified to seemg Mrs. Hal- ligan often drtmk, in her house and in tbe streetby, I hope you have sent all toe people away" inshell wliich will be on to-morro*.''Francis M.S'tr.—iiiii ibe 24th of January, 1860, First Sergeant in a plea, but it had been irithout toe presence ofof the allies. hundred men, Kulf English, half French, had beenafo.-tolglitgoes to CongressSuperintendencyCa\Mrs. was b€a-.enwiffies- saw her in ner own HaUigana herself.Georgia, the premiumgoblet the Irv,ingThe FiDsecutioninalready possessionwithin ten days toe senteacs of the court was sus-theyPei-ho without strikinij a blow. Thus, in a tenyear avenped,toe Chinese war of lt«'»owho panied him as \t»!ur.teers, Mr. Ives was woaude.l.-Hou.se oftnn McGee. indicted for grand larceny hi steallngr—A womanCharles llaleomb, owner of thohis-wifetodeath. to 'Tne wife was heardher husband not nelghbers, attracted to th£ house bygarrison entered tlieattacks made on foot and The Sergeant had two horses ^lle^l andThe case of twmh W^ird was nextcalled. She didFEHi?0,NAL.and thirteen mcn'oflast, was thejurvhadbeenunabietoagree. Andattheoree-wasned S25 for the offence.that she has traveled with Mr. Halcomb, in this dis- for nearly a year, and thai sbe had never be.'uie.ofiicer, B, Second Cav- Indians that had beenovertaken the animals before them, oue drivingThe first business in this Courtbe trotting-horsebeating out andiII.'thetoof a hotel in the town mentioned, andhe adv anced to the assault, killed one Indian and mor- had resided in the house two cr three montiisMr.Iprisoner at fifteen or twenty dlflierent times. Somo- times toe prisoner, sometimes his wife, and some- limes both would be He usually stoleCol. Eudler, at last accounts, was about liii,' between Truxiilo and the capital, and was re-toan ho could havec-j=1onied topresentand carried to toe accused abont a dollar's wortiiAn important ejectmentFair inof a silverwerediscovered, men, directed thesuit ispendingwiUibows, rifics and reiolver.s. Privateatall it ;MajorAn-betweenMr*. Mannak Cannmex next testified that she sawreaching which aCampbugler twentywas toe trial of Martin Halligan, indicted for (he murderpoured you " Sinitb and privateAlexander. ing of indteto.ent It wa^ true the had put prisoneryousolute unconditional 6-urrender of all the forts,R. H. ("liapmnB, of Company A, Sccoad Cavalry, left Fort Mason on a scout, with one bugler and nine menguns splinters, and materiel, and himself Inserted n provision that nocounsel,communities, in other Courts in this commtmity.soldiers should t>e allowed to leave the town withr.^utsecond be followed It day ouc,beforethe first buriness was the arraignmentBusskll,of Thomascescor was degraded in '58 and so shall 1 be now. It was night when Mr. Parkes returned f.-o.m hi.- impor-partye,gliteen Inuian.-'. andshould allow a liberal of the rule. constructionIn pris-mission, bywhich time the whole of the southerntion, he itilieu four of their niunber, aud captured thir- teen horses, when darkness put a period to the hgm. The indiaiis fought with obstinacy, and susiaiued toemtelvrsthe case of HicksalioHcdhimgrand larceny. «Upon his promise to leave toe Cityfort of tiiea£a;n;r repeatedamination before toe Coroner's Jury had gone to toe;1Untitled DocumentInfantry,pursuitparty ef lodlans Rags-noonly blood otti of the anyd>aiely charged.mencedafleralongandarduousscout,and!Ileft Fort in IngelHojor Hcintzela.an,anduponpassingThe rest of the Indians, mounte*on Twenty-eight horses were captured.Rangers killedranger Thomasthe wounded. R. E. LLE, Brevet-Colonel, Commanding DepartmentLAW REPORTS- MURDER TRI.VI..and sixteen wounded—treatment ofnext loom t? the deceased, and had seen her fall down «alM with her ckUd to her arms. fi»e weeks beforeanyquarreUflgone, very drunk witness also saw the deceased ;«r llator defetase.line towItUntwodownin hand, attempted to cut away the top of a ravine and Into a dense cedar brake. Had not the marches, of ctboeme2dso closely upasonttoheseiIzneditahnesi,rof the negro boys (the other having been killed Lieut. McGregor, was attached to the battery, Now to aiiother, but it was too high for him. Lieut. LieuL Hazen commends his entire command fortlethe destruction of property must have been int.- a guard of gi of Fane's Borse, under the command of through an^mbrdsure, but was driveo back. He raa £QeeIndians) and 13U horses were recovered.byanlsaw the deceased on tbe floor,tut saw topursuiton thecamp, buffalo meat, hides, &c., havtog marched twenty milesto thethe attempt to overtake them by day, he that night re-sumed the pur.s~ult to a violent storm, and the next day upon ber, though toore was blood about the roombouse sixteen moatos she ;one-half the Tartars met them In full shock. witti conspicuous gAllantry. He was the first Eng- a m-n-conimissioned officer and seven men oi Company been and that thev were ablying the Frencti soldiers entered this suburb, firing Sikhs ran his spear right tlirough the body of a est service in assisting others through the embrasures. ported to have killed two citizens dvingnearSabtual, front Capt. Mcintosh was directed with his squad- to which she h^d been removedman, and was in the act of spearing him, when ano-ther Tartar fired his matchlock within tea yards point and ruthlessly murdered, in cold blood, several in- blank. The slug hit the Lieutenant In five places,assisted their own men across the ditch, and were eight In number, were overtaken hi camp, immediatelyCapt. Prynne, R. M., and Lieut attacked, and tour of toem killed on the spot Duringfight was kept up for fifteen mites, but the freshness ofthe Indian horses enabled them to scatter and eludepurstUt Many are believed to have beea wounded, her headsome of the houses which they found occupied,both wounded;place,make a stand. Capt. BeaU witii his squadron was in i^ss;he attendedstatloa-haaa^ she was half Insea-;of musketry through the streets to drive Mongol horseman, the noad entering at his chest by of ron to the left, to charge them in flank, and Capt sible. and endeavored to rise and would faUHe was wounded in the side a mutcbluck ball, but 'I'exas. Duruig Ihe first twe days of toe pursuit heand gclng out at his back. The spear broke In the Is doing well. Jean Fauchard was followed by many was joined by two parties citizens, numbering fif- Carr to move agamst tiie centre. The whole com- and tbe front of ber dress were saturated with Moodvolleysout any wandering bands of rebels that might be middle, the Mongol fell to the ground spitted, and of his own countrymen, and by Lieut. Prltchard, R. t<en each. The trail was pursued wito vigor until mand took the gallop, b&t toe Indians, tinwUling to re- a wound four toches toextent was ou berhead^ aha there. But, not content with this, they entered never moved a limb. Lieut McGregor singled out his E., Lleuts. Lenon and Burslem, Slxty-seveuth, who the morning of the 3d of November, when the todiaus, ceive the assault, broke and gave way. A running was handcufi'ed and otherwise confined to keep har'';Hume. R. £. In addition to ttiem, among the first la thetoat followed LleuU Hazen reports tiiatthree lodging in the chest, two in the forehead. For the fort were CoL Knox and Ensign Chaplin Sixty- he had reason to believe that three more were killed. besides those stated to have been killed.witness dressed the wounds and orderadpursidt;her to be sent to the BcUevue Hospitalwound was as It eut by a sharp instrument, the othersthe mala face, but the work wasdone. The Tartars dispersed (wotmded in three places,) Lieut Keinpson, Ninety- and bows, and fought with desperation. Thirty horses First Sergeant John O'Connell, privates Michael not ; the deceased was labortog under a dellriiua;; nocent Chines^ there found. For such barbarity a moment he was blinded by the fire, which burnt his seventh Capt. Gregory, Forty-fourth Brig.Reeves, ihe Indians were well armed withrevolvers;there is no excuse.While the fire was doing its work in this snbutb,plundering was carried on on the most extensive gor is fast recovering from his wounds, which, though and lowered the draw-brtdge over which the mass of ceived severe gun-shot wounds totwoolaces. Mr. verelyCol. Mann, R. £., and Major Anson, aide-de- w ere and much including a quan- from drink and the concussion ofthan a minute, i am happy to say that Lieut McGre- camp. Col. Mann Major ropes, tity of hreaims. Lieut. Mr. re- Cavalry—the former sUghtiy, and toe two latter se- Upon cross-examination toe Doctor stated toat It wasninthin every direction, the whole aflair lasting little more and Anson cut the captured H.praonpderty, Everett each 'Wheelan and Gerard M. Beech, Company B, First resulttogthe head.scale. Boat-loads of sugar were carried away, severe, are not in the least dangerous. Nothing could the BngUsh' crossed;andbot a handful of men. The Sikhs were de-houses, were rifled of their contents. In this work lighted with the result, wtdch naturally inspired them perate resistance under the cover theirgoou specially Storgis speaks of the conduct of officers and men as could not by nail,;and now, after half an hour's tremendous fighting under the parapet wail, the;;puilium and Mr. Williams were aUo wounded. Lieut toclsed from tbe fore-portswith the greatest confidence, and proved their ua- Ensign Chaplin ascended -the ramp almost alone, Eighth Infantry, who was always foremost to toe fight throughout toe protracted engagement and the long falling against toe sharp edge of a stove it wouldthe principal part seems to have been acted by for- a French soldier. questionabie superiority over the Tartar cavalry. racing againstof casemates.raei. lions private Charles Setzer, of company F, having been characterized by great gallantry and zeal have been ragged; it could not have been made by ;he waseigners,amongwhomFrenchsoldierswere,Iun- TheFirstDivisionandtheFrench,whohadad- knockedoverbyabullet,but,quicklyrecoveringhim- J/Kri—CorporalPaUickColilm,ofCompany1, hegivesspecialpraiseforprudentforesightandei- thewound,onaccountoftoedeliriumandraringHali-way upauo whose horsewas shot under him.and weary pursuit To Lieut and Adjt L. L. Lomax, not have been so clean cut ; it was difficult to dieia :derstand,mostconspicuous.TheChineseplun-vancedalongthecauseway,nowcommencedatre-sehloft,hsetrwuacskuhpimagain,andwtoenbyaahseadh.eAsecotnhdeSecondCavalry,leftCaomfpaIvesouofthe14thofDIen-ergy,andalsotoLieuts.RiddlckandIngraham,furthatkindofdeliriumcouldnothavetieenprodacadmendous fire against the more advanced inirench- through leg planted cember, ISS9, in pursuit party marauding the gallant manner in which they protected the wagon by Uquor alone, but by that and a blowthere ware;derer was at a disadvantage, for the foreigner, be- ment. Barry's Armstrongs and BesborougU's aud Queen's colors of the Six^y-scventh at the top of the, diaiis, with a detachment of tus company, and on the train, repeUing repeated attacks of the Indians, and evidences of recent drinktog;she seemed to thtokarmed with revolvers^ would coolly order the Govan's English batteries, with three batteries of cavalier, and private Thomas Lane, Slxty-seveuth, evening of the 15th, discovered the Indians encamped killing and wounatog many of their number. Capt. somebody was maltreattog her. and would ask to hare-ing French rifled cannon, were in fuU play. The Tartars took his place by the flag. Lieut Kempsoa. who had in a cedar brake, and, not being able to approach Mcintosh and Lieut Fish also distinguished them- Patrick or Jim, or somebody taken away; toe smaliarfirst Chinaman he met to shoulder his load of plun-a sharp and harmless fire from gingats and a tourniquet in his pocket, bound up Mr. Chaplm's tliem moimted, wltkout betog discovered, dismounted selves, displaying great energy and daring; especially wounds were sibout toree-quarters of an Iiich In tengtoopenedder and carry it off for him. If he demurred, a matchlocks, but were driven from one intrenchment arm. Licuts. Rogersand Burslem andEnsign Chap- bis party, left three men In charge of toe horses, and toe former, who, in milking a reconnoissance of a eachtoere were also cicatrices of old woands oaher eyes were swollen and bruisecl—one oC;pistol placed tions.objec- been engaged! At the end of an hour the enemy had which they rightretreated iong the causeway to Tang-kow, and down THK ASSAULT AND THK VICTORY.remainder. The party was thus enabled to approach and furiously drove before him, wito 16 men, a party them quite black she could not ;themat his ear quickly .silenced alllin have been recommended for the Victoria Cross, to the other by the artillery alone, no infantry having well deserve.advanced twomiles to the artack on foot wito theT; ravine near the line of march, on the 3d, fell in with her headOn Wednesday, the 22d, a communication sim- to a ferry over the river. Sinho was tin possession of And now toe soldiers came rushing in, but still the fire, one Indian w-as killed imd two wounded. Before supposed to be a chief. To Assistant Surgeon C. T. from the woimd on tiie headthe Doctor's opialoa the allies. Meanwliile PnoarH and Faki were deal- Chinese fought Capt. Prynne shot the commanding the bluff could be scaled by which they were protect- Alexander he also tenders his thanks, he having on at toe tfane, however, was that it was produced by aforeigners of Fahi's. Three or four hundred Tartars surround- side as they vainly endeavored to escape. At toe his men, as wcU as to the gallantry of Mr. Robert B«l- and personal prowess: Private Michael Wheelan, of brought theregreat provocation, and might easily, with their On. seeing him advance with one squadron by a shell from Govan's howitzers, which Gen. Na- companied him. Prii-ntes Matthew Kennedy and was attacked by nine Indians, and altoough woimded Halligan and started for his arrestof his dwu regiment and a small party of Fane's pier had brought up in support of the French column, Henry 1^'elss have, since been mentioned as deserv- to beth legs, he killed two, wounded a third, and brake he said, " I want you to go with me, for beatbig yo^ myriads erf soldiers, take possession of so insig- Horse the Tartars quietly retreated at a slow as they stormed toe fort. On the stakes outside were ing special commendation for thefr bravery and good with his sabre the heads from three lances, when he wife ;" prisoner said, " I wont deny It she set me oatilar to that sent by the gun-boats, was sent out towith such bodies of Tartars as kept within reach. officer with his revolver. The Sixty-sevento caught ed, the remainder escaped In toe woods, and under several occasions volunteered to carry orders. dlstmct blow.the rebels. On Thursday a reply was received, Lieut AtcDEBSojt, of Probyn's Horse, got detached the enemy on the laft of toe ramp, and bayonetted 27 cover of ttie night made good toeir retreat wito toefr The following private soldiers are noticed for hav- Sergeant Murphg, toe next witness, testified that hethat they had no quarrel withing— from his regiment with five of his o?vn men and two In one mass. The French rushed at toem on the other eHects. Corporal Collins testifies to toe good conductof ing greaUy distinguished themselves by acts of courage saw the deceased at the Station-House, when she wasstatingdeclaring that at the siRnc time they had received ed them, when Pbobth heard of their condition. proper left angle of the fort lay 17 bodies, blown up lantine and the guide, J. P. Rodriguez, who ac- Company B, First Cavalry, naving been 'dismounted, last witoess had done; he rccetvea adeacriptkiaofnificant a city as Kianghai, but in their leniency trot The Sikh horses were much exhausted by thefr dozens of Chinese, " hoist with thefr own petard." conduct in this aflafr.finding theprisoaer;;was rescued by some gallant men from toe trato. of my mind, with her drinking ;" this aiiest vras madeanother was staked right not to charge too soon, and pursued the enemy quiet- through the body. They lie in sections, Sir," said a—In toe monto ot October, 1859, a report waswould not do so, in order to give foreign nations struggles in the mud, so Probyn ordered bis men One bad fallen on hi**s eyestaniRdtheirbacksonShanghai,andnothinghas impatientanddifiiculttorestrain. TheChief,Rtssil- dbeaacdkwaerrdesfaluoadtefdorfwraormdsthweidtlhtothoeitnitdoe.toeThrievfer,wobuonrdn-e beardoefntietrsedthatcitayn,dmucrodmemrietdtaetdmiodtnhierghtanum- mountedlikehimself. PrivatesBallard,ofCompany Dr.IskamR.Pagenextatnedstitfieewdthhewasphysltchiearae dar, could contain himself no longer. He shouted his citizens, outrages. A, and Simpson, of Company I, each killed an Indian at toe Bellevue Hoiniital, prliaiwrthe opportunity of repenting and changing their ly, saving bis horses until he neared them. At length, Forty-fourto man. One hundred aud thirty-seven eSect that a band of ouUaws, imder the direction of by ten or twelve todians;l^'oiirrAreceived at toe head-quarters of toe Department to thePrivate Warren Hastings, of Company I, whose horse had also been disabled, was surrounded and attackedat the comer of Forty-third-street and Tenth-aveaue toe prisoner at toe time was waUdng toward Idawhen told tlut he was course. Accordingly, , pa Friday morning they when within two hundred yards, the Sikhs became were buried to toe fort In one grave. For days toe Cortinas, a resident of toe vicinity of Brownsville, three, when he was rescued by a tew comrades, dis- arrested ; he appeared sober at the time.been seen or heard of them in this neighborhood war yell at the top of his voice, the others followed ed were carried off in a most ingenious manner. A Major S. P. Heintzelman, First Infantry, was ap- In'tiersonai combat \ on toe Burning after she was brought to ; she wassince. Why our fiireign authorities did^not opea aviit, and down they went, fnll speed, after the Tar- rope passed under their arms let them down into the pointed to command the expedition called Into toefietynfA—On toe 27to of August, Corporal Rutter, delirious ; toere were two wounds ; one clean cut,of the laws. On toecommunication with the rebels earlier, and explain causeway, bat the little galloways of the enemy were along the edge of the stream to the lower northern 14th of December he proceeded from Fort Brown, Company, and toe gusle, Mr. Mulky, started from other, a bruised triangular one, an Inch aalto Ootb their position, & a mystery. So ia^ £rom nearly a match for the splendid .Arabs after their day's fort, where they were passed across to junks. The where tbe troops hul assembled, to disperse Camp Colorado In a heavy ram storm, Inpursuit of a a half to lenigth; toe large wound must have beeaistobe—pojt-mortanhopedBerjon Singh, of Probyn's, was dismounted early Inwounded the hadsixmenkilled, eight was about ten and a half miles from Brownsville;dians retreated to a dense thicket, wlueh was no fractore of toe skuUpursued.From the North our news is of a character thatthey had landed at Feh-tang. At 3 o'clock A. M.,another direcCon Fane maintained his well^arnedquivers, "first intenfloa." Witaess dians captured. Much credit is due Corporal Rutter large wound healed byhave intercourse fatigue any;itars. Away they rushed, helter-skelter, along the ditch theywere then towed to toe river, and toence field to maintoln thesupremacyof Company B, SecondCavalry, with eight men of his about four inchesand ahalf,ta toe ; tia acaipand, to use the words of one of the officers Chinese loss to killed and wounded cannot have the banditti, who. It was understood, were party of Indians reported to have stolen some horses produced by a sharp instrument as tt was engaged, they "killed awfully few—not more been less than 1,500 men. The English had entrenched some eight or ten miles above Brownsville. toe night previous. After pursuing the trail through clean cut the deceased didn't sleep any toe first anddoing sa^ they r«inse2/towith them, and, some weeks earlier,tions from the rebel chief at Su-chan to the For- than seven fell before the sword of Lieut 161 men wounded. The Forty-fourth and Sixty- alry, and U, L, and M, First Artillery—about 150 men— —upon swimming a creek, in which the riders were keep her Irom tearing toe wounds— communica- thui fifty or sixty." Of these, no fewer 200 casualtiesAnderson, whose blood was fairly up. Sowar seventh, having provided the storming par- with two 24-pounder hovritzers, ana Captatos Tobln's, submerged nearly to thefr armpits, wetting toefr arms ceeded ftom drinking and concussion; she asrar eigni IGniaters here were returned unopened. It Wayeer Khan, of Fane's Horse, was killed, ties, were naturally toe greatest sufferers. The Hampton's and Tomlinson's companies of Texas and ammunition—came suddenly upon the camp df came out of tbe delirium, and died on the ifh of Sep-;Sixty-seventh17 men killed, 2:2 officers and The command consisted of companies E, Second Cav- mud aud water for about;thatinfutureawiserpolicywillbeashemanfullystoodbyLieut.Anderson.Dufiadarformerbadtenmenkilled,twoofficersand50menRangers—about125menmore.Whenthecommandfive Indians,andchargedthem.TbeIn- temberaexandnationwasmade;: there the vessels of toe brala the fight but he reftised to leave the flold, and on foot officers and 6^ men wounded. I append a nominal having passed toe first Iutrenchments, which had was sourrounded by the Corporal and his were congested, aud toere was inflammatinaaart efia-had two desperate encounters with several of the ene- return, and am happy to say that most of the woimded been at>andoned, and was advancing In a narrow road men, but owing to the condition of the arms thefr fire ston of lymphthe cause of deato was inflammsHoa us of a speedy peace. Her Majesty's my. He was severely wounded, and his life was only are dotog well. The French list of casualties was a Itoed with dense chapparal and ebony trees. It was was very Ineffective. The Indians apprised of toe of toe brato, resulting from concnsslan of tbe brala, gives hopes saved by several Sowars gohig to his assistance. little over 100. No man was hit on board toe gun- bred upon with a piece of artillery. 'The fire was re- bad order of the arms by their continued snapping, togetoer wito the conditioaof the woaiaa, wUefa wa* toe larger cut was not of sock asiUp CentMur arrived here on Sabbath last, bring- Sowar Khowajah Mahomed was cut off with Lieut. boats. Two shots fell harmless on the deck of the turned, and Lieut Ramsey, with L and M Companies made a dash towards the creek, kilUng private James that of debauchWoodcock. Sfr Rotiert Napier had an extraordinary First and some Rangers, were ordered to as to cause toe concussion—the stnallerwaa; quiet- attack. They drove the outlaws about 100 to num- opposite side, and effected thefr escape through the toe wounds on toe head were such as would toduoe. waa not till the 2Ist of August that the Allies was disabled by a blow he rushed to his assistance. ly surveying the enemy's position, when a ball tut the ber—Irom thefr position, and forced a portion across thickets on foot. Three of thefr number were badly the death of a person in toe coadition in which thewereready for the attack—just three weeks after Lieut .\nder9on saw him slay four of the enemy. In binocular to his hand without Injuring him. Capt toe Rio Grande. The remainder fled, leaving behind wounded. "The stolen horses were recovered, and woman was.ing foil details of the fall of the Ta-ku forts. It Anderson.^ He charged the enemy several times, the thickest of toe heedless ofnumbers, and when Anderson's right arm escape. DuringArtlllerv,Brooke, his Aid-de-Camp, was wounded in the leg,some provisions and old arms.Major Heintzelmanfighthe wasthe bridles, blankets, leggins, 4c., of Uie In- On cross-examination, the witness stoted that thebombardment of the principal forts, took up their men, of whom he gave a good accoimt, though they the foremost, sentj Col. Wolseley to reconnoitre the ing been conspicuously cool in tbe management of his standing the mciemency of the weather, and the unfa- vulgate, aud, at the suggestion of the Court delivered escaped rather too quickly for his wishes across a lower northern tort just as the stunning party obtained guns. vorable condition of the country, which obliged even himself in anatomical terras, which were translatedon his Staff, had his trouserson the 21st August, the batteries designed lor the regulars. He was the first to get at the Tartar horse- torn open by a ball. Sir Hope Grant, as usual among nolice.s Lieut T. C. Sullivan, First Artillery, as hav- and his party for persevermg In the pursuit, notwith- here found it Impossible to describe tne wounds to thepositions, and soon after the infantry regiments canal. designated for their support, moved forward. AssoonasdaylightrevealedtotheChinesethe alliedA BIVOUAC.an entrance into the upper. Oil started Col. Wolse- Information having reached Major Heintzelman that toe Indians to seek shelter in camp. for toe benefit of toe jury. The blow, which must ley with loose rein and easy seat as though he were Coi Unas had collected his scattered forces and was TiTP'/rA-Major George H. Thomas, Second Ca-.'al- have produced toe contused wound, might havereputation as a skillful swordsman and leader of ir-andMajor Gjeathead,commendshis wholecomm-and,ofiicers andmen,butbivouacked sub Jtnt, in the field.. The day's work was thor-The " enemymovedfrom with ry,On the nightthewholearmyat him with of every specieswerecalledfortheCoimsel for defence then set forto the iaearj if theposition, they opened fire, and they kept it up within spite of the destructive fire poured in up- ougly satisfactory. A large force had been moved scatheless.liiid Captain Heiron's companies of Rangers—that tbe deceased, who was Ihtox- constantlyofthe12thofNo further witoessesriding m Rotten- row, and went right up to toe ditch. laying waste the Rio Grande frontier, he again, on tofrom an to the head waters caused toe death of toe healthiest persoa in tbe world.potted"missile, fiom S:^-pounderS|to arrows, but he returnedthe listcotmtry,discovered oncnweqitieai,in allspirit through a most ailEcuit country. The enemy was cut And now the fort was taken. It contained forty-twO' about iJ8 men. As the troops advanced up the ond Cavalry, he Immediately followed. After a pur- Icated, had come to her' deato from wounds reoeflvedon them fi-om the allied batteries. About 7 o'clock off from Tien-tsin, and driven from their mtrench- grms, many of tliem large, and was tiie key of the po-. river tlic mamuders retreated before toem, ento, suit of about sixty miles, he came up with the party— from her drunken falls. As the counsel depicted to A. M., the principal magazine blew up with awful nients with very slight loss on the part of the Allies. sliion. Trie lower nort;^ern fort with its cavalier opea on the :iOih oTTlecember, it was ascertatoed toat eleven to numkier—as toey were preparing to leave the jury toe cheerless home to which toe prisoner Compared with Pehtang we had readied a land flow- in rear, lay at our mercy, and toe whole of the south-, more thim 500 men were at Rio Grande City. toe next morning. Owing to an almost impass- had been accustomed to come at night from his dallyeffect, but the fire of the Chinese was interrupted with milk and honey* The gardens afforded em forts were enfiladed by that just captured. The ingfor a few moments only. Sot long after this the abundance of vegetables ; excellent water was found udgment of Sir Hope Grant was completely justified. assault was ordered—the Allies crossed the ditch in every direction i large stacks of hay which had Against tue opinion of the French Commander anl en-It was ueternjned to surprise them, and Major Heint- campable ravine toat intervened,toe was overcome, and weeping andsob- prisoneron the scaling ladders, mounted tlie walls, enteredthe fort, and maintained a hand-to-hand light withwas brisk and puretheir animals and took to fiight One warrior.more res- old le toan toe rest, kept his position in the rear of hisbeen stored for the Tartars, refreshed the horses of gineers, who maintained that the attack should be the King's Dragoon Guards and the Sikhs ; the air made on ttic souih, he resolutely and coa.>i.-ientlythe night clear and bright To niaiiitaincd tli^t the upper northern fort was the key to- one danger, however, we were evidently exposed. the whole, and su it turned out. Tlie heavygiins werebhig violently, buried his face to his hands.Ihri e miles of their iwsitlon before dawn on the 27tli. were pressed so closely that tiiey abandoned 3fr«. Nott, the first witness for defence, accom-;party,whensuddenly dismounting,faced hispursuers,the Tartars. The latter soon gave way, and the The plain was below the level of the Pieho at Sprins,' liow ordered to advan<:e, and two fresh rudiments, theAllies were masters of the fort. The other forts, tides, and bore evident marks of being occasioiutliy Bulls :uiu V.:v Hlh Punjatiees, supplied tbe pit-re of thecommanded by this one, at once out flooded—Holland Withoul the dikes. However, every wearied Ft'ily-fuurth and Sixty seventh. But hardly hung one was too tired to care much about that risk ; sj had the orUur'been given when llie ilncrs uf defiance white flags, and after some little parleying, surren- a'ter a frugal supper, the pickets were ported aul the wcie wiiiiiirawn from all the forts, and flags of truce dered at discretion. The troops were permitted to rest of the troope lay down to re.'^t, thoroughly done hcisted. Mr. Farkes and Major Sarel rode out to seethe precipitous bank toCompany ofthe JIfr.andthatseeii tlx\\ a herd of animals up Pecan Af- ing Bayou.Mary HaUigan,Mr. Ashmead, the counsel for defence, addressedter of toeguns,The loss of tbe Cavalry was as follows:woimded,_^,,-Urs. Ann Carr, toe next witaess, Uvedfor conviction before a iuui privates Benjindn Jones, Robert W. Turner an^i fore the Grand In the second itretired.atjirough ravines fringed wito the demist undergrowth,cases vriU be taken up:iiimtrailingsinglemoccasin trackover andthe foUowlBg of toeatncals on Sunday For exhibitionufiiiscoi;:pany. DiscoveringIndian trail on theFor this reason, therefore, though a plea wasavfr-dred mile.', overlook aiirmicdiateiy attacked them. Notwithstanding the In-anrapidly for about a hun-.to the samemeet astalement of the oombau ofwhich have not been tfevlously noticed hi ordSs, whole united in toe attack on the'rear, upset the the next lower but not dlrecUy under:a second Indian was struck by a abet from toe Ser- ness had never seeo Mrs. HalUgaa &U.and the whole Immediately retired, Rickard toe seKt Witness, was O^cer Martm, calla«September,Igso,LieutWm. fourmutesandfouroxen,)andwoundedaMexican withblood,didnp'atrtelzyaaiaeto toe begtouing of the fight ,. i,. ., The Sergeant and bis party deserve piuch credit forupon hermanding the southern column of the Kloway ami futnitarethe woman was taken to the Bellevtu Bae- (^omsnche Expedition, composed of Compames A, B, pltel. On crost-examlnallon witness stated that heattattoo en the evening toe 29to September, and, not- persed a force of from six to eight hundred Indians, eventogsenslbte at the time of of September, Capt Sturgis sdcceeded, by rapid about her.did notaoticekanneyeso;dorof Uqaor'preceding twenty-four hours. Rellnquishtngand his Indian scouts encountered a large party. .Before vvitness had Uved to the— Cunningham, broke through the party, swam to the naturereturning Brownsvjile of the Concho and aiijacentDecember,the same command, strengthened by M^or Ford's the 25th of August an Indian trail, whJcn wito twentythe Imlians were enabled ztimaji left \U6 cainp at trUdnlght, and arrived^ft'ithin to gato some distance, but after a chase of four miles,toll,men of the Regimental bandand ofCompany D,Sec-defence,Matthew Greene,about ten o'clock in the eveningthe main woundCompanyHazen in terms of praise of toe deteradnatlon In a circular about four inches back ttmissing, privateD, I'lrat Cavalry. Three friendly Indians were was an scalp wound, reachmg_tMs within range of the Indians, when, by a simultaneous of 50 or 60 warriors, klUtog two, one of whom was pearance might have resulted in two or three hottra;hekilledoneandwounded house,andexhibitedstuprlsetwenty-fourhours, the second nlghte party;she was kept in a straight jacket, toexpeditfonAfter a spirited resistance, toey were driven fromCTcrv position for ten miles, and completely dispersed.I'hiy abanooncd everything—artillery, small arms,jiro^isions and baggage. The energy and determina- detei-miued to sacrifice himself for his comrades' safe- found nonetion tvuiccd in briuging toem to battle merits high ty. The troops pressing upon him too eagerly, several twelve o'clock on that day, carrying a large c.">mnjendatlon. .\lter a harassing and exhausting of his arrows took effect -before he fell, (pierced by basket ; she was beastly drunk ; she weat puraiiu ol ovei five days, toe troops, most of them on twenty balls. Major Thomas was wounded in the ont with a full basket, and brought it back looi, made a niirch ol nearly fifty miles hi twenty-live chin and chest Private AVm. Murpiiy, of f'ompany empty ; witoess was at home all that day, and heard hour.-i, ttiiriy miles of which was without stoppage. D, severely, and privates John Zito and Casper Siddel, no unusual noise in Haiii^an's house ; she saw toeOn tlie 4in of February, ItOO, Cortmas hailing col- of the band, slightly. Private Hugh Clark, of Com- prisoner Ihat morning going out at half past tea ;toe Courtpreliminary'utes of toe examination before the Coroner had been sent to the Grand and had been the foundationJury,Jury. place, appeared from toe Foreman's hidorsement on the inquisition,toe Grand had ordered a bUl for that JuryEdward Otto Hoym, Gusttvus UndenmtUler, Henryolleriority oi his force and the s'.rength of toeir posi- oner to plead without the presence of couiLsel, and in Watson,fo'ond toe biU. Such minutesaddressed toe juryinIn the The Dietrict-Attorney replied, andtions the ra-uable services of .Messrs. James H. drawn, and overruled tie mution to qua.sh. The trial ing a w'atch valued at $5C-, from K"-o'b-e-irrtBrroowwTni, plUead-Craig,corporal*io from Patrick Flaherty,September.piisoner,It is said badly woum'ed two others anl cap'.ured thefr The first witneet for:!'I(iians, immtdlatdyataickedt'lem,killed1 bomas Clary,Indicted forgraad larcenyInsteal-.1!Ij1Iproceeded But toe evidence being very clear agaiast him, by the advtee of his counsel he retracted his ti:ey iire<l on the plea, and pleaded guilty. He was thereupon sea-r.iid htvery, displaveu in the pursuit and fight.Serfeant tr:i!gfor theirener^-y and t^ra- tiie front room of the house. Kr.tw the ['rW:>Mer andparty Lifhtk—iJn t.le 30to of Januarywife "Ol omy by sightnaiiccOn the S'^d^i' i.-iorinn;theCompany C, briefly addressed the jury. The prisoner wa.- todtetedwas IS of age- yearlwhen four, admitted the deed.simplywas rat'i.iriiie ir.g from Dr. Randolph notes and mortgages to theFriv,v,es and re-:de<l :tt Blythe Kilcy. w.'io fUted that in August ia"t ;behorses, twenty-cne>jiiiii were wounded. Great credit is 'awarded No. 31< West Forty-third-streel, on- :he top floor, inR. W.John- Fort Mason on a scout withthattcBced two to State Prison. yearsby same floor wlUi witoess.;.mrytoccuptedbut a shortThomas Norton, indicted for rec«i\ing stolen goods consisttog of st«eotype metal, the property of Mr. UcDougal, was next put upon tnaL 'The principal witoesses for tbe prosecution were two toieves. Coma and Tully, whose sentence had been suspended at the present "rerm. toat they might testify for toe people.Ito iipproiicr. mcr.ntecl. with twelve (il<mounir 1 msn Upon cro.sf-ciarr.ination, w.lness stated that she Coflin testified to having taken tvpe metal to theson. 5?* ^-ondrury,leftElPasoroad. AssoenasSeigt Thomas G. Denpln, Company K, First Infan- quently.:A. J. O'Neill, of Company F, Second Ciualrj, was in the eveninj when she heard the crying of toe child not he had been in the Penitentiary. Tu Iv ;wounded.A/nM—On Ihe 7th of May a train of Mr. llow:ird's,witii lioveniment stores, was attacked by forty or fifty Indians, a few miles from Howard's Sprtogs, oncommanding the Scort o(Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069this w as while the wimess was passing the door of the to the same general statement, and an "'^^"nrisoicr.wit- she used to fall very fre-rcm^Jea;, ' 'to trial.i,floor,then were to It only a few chairs; a tifble and a bed-;stead, having on it there was;toe deceased lay wito' lier feet tewarl-tHtothers were In toe room wito a light wltoaaa lookingshe never heard any noiaa was resumed. On the morning of toe Gth, toe from tbe prisoner's rooms, out had seea har tut thiwasufficlentiy quiet to dress her woundsin addition le the large wound, were two small contused ones oa;he described her appearance as the,;;panied the officer when he went into the room where the deceased lay ; witness carried a light ; sue searched with others for blood on the furniture, but;she had seen Mrs. Halligan about;;wimess had seen her alwaysnextmoved from toe house where prisoner lived, aas toeand even confradlrtory, the jvaj returned a verdict of acquittal, and she was discharged.^^e last trial of the day ^-^X.^^t'.^iJss^a^w.V The:her hafr i:open ap-the oeliriam pro-;-wu",^; .'i^:^!^«a^s«^£sa.^ .www.fultonhistory.com 