 m-relations withthat cotmtry has more than once destroyed the Health,."One-Man-Power," at which our fathers shuddered as at the aspectitfound equal best to en-,aalMliberatorsofTi ithus accorded to citizens, if in peril of their lives,^mQjEDOWnWkHn Ssa a claim extending over onlypaidof the Parent of Evil himself, has become a monarchical consolidationThe Health of theIt must be evident to every citizen who has--?i*='feet. from Oregon reach to the 28tb of Jan- ^gtf. AnatrociousmassacreofdefencelessIn-the in- familiar synonym for the secret of public order dependence of races', and Jesuitism inCity.SlBiadTices;-l5',^-.,>*-^ '\*2|^r!^.Tirocam,HmdMUMthrought«ilarai»U k tAUAed enowcould eafoTce— treaty protecting the ^anslt route, at the requeat of if carried oat aa ia otherettlaa. New-York not only as cteaaly hat ••aa the dtles above alluded to * We biUt m£i Now.aHeaMiMl, ofirtdehwe te«» hM»for drem- X^rlrii CaUfonil*, Oregon, Widi- k CdunUm and Oa Saadwleli Iilanda, IB'eaavM* DtsMtofABatleanXTenta iVki llmv* dutnc ika put fnrtal«lit, ' Tn (TuaS*r) Horn*, ia p|l|#,at jtwifcl) ifkrtft «<a-, ifldisk litUIL TtalUaidonaat Om iuX. PriM of the i»p«, im a "•»*• » ""PT- poiribi*.C«llaji«b, of Vermont, is likely to be the character of the emigration In- said to have led the opposition to the lattergiventheoatBiie,iabefiM»Jhe pnaaplijyy^I CAUTOsnA, deaifosdrecognized M. db MimaincH as the ideallatore, to wUeh.we^eabeacaiaMr. Haklib, of Maine, to the teiition of onr BepraMBtettrM la ttat hairftrjnillBCiHauow Ira—Thi Ccnom tian.IBKATBC—LoTB'f Tnoma -An 'Vabm^k oropen wouldregion,Wiofall is probably prudent inin defeating itThe Sooth and Free Negroes.lightprotection aeutrality and securityrwereprices essentially'gjT^^IprWS OF THE DAY.i impottsnt news from Hexlco. The de-' IfiifiBinwarateameraOeneralMiramontelegraphSiiwabt,wiffiiy par-«a()r Mout the to insult the whole ofIt hasa of the Isthmus route,Muaa«* * Fmb CBBAnX—Tabut Tub.1AuvBAT euniBg Qbbbb Bvbbbs*k Oo.'i KnAaiBn.does it portend to onrredaced to slav- tions t How can it possibly injure as in anysixtyagainstthe where?and of men compassion;Ob, Olu,jhaBr tt Oapt auair vm amtthecasetodiaGkM<JFtBTItefiaiiii. A^wUek an ttaM dtf-Mii»X.-.-.-—*»«—> -at Coaaar laati-tha first of a eontaa of ioetiRes ^aboot the loipettallMBMr, evoa whsn itdt, tnte, laataw ^^^Hfe aadraised In the moat imii|ittwiw of waas. Tin practical ceoaideTatioaa -artteh bdo^^toHuDgatyof Uabia Thubba was not more subject. The only poiatbeaifeffOBtiwdaratioa of hnman U^e. Heestl- ready to draw the sword in defence of tion with U, is how win it affect Slavery and' made in the iatereat ofand oaanpatlone have aa jamtMiaMthoaghtof. in•ivavtageaMpeace, of commense •waa efimportantBated ikgt OT«r lO^SM people die uimecsssstily the daaghter of its Oennaafooting, it that*]bHaw-TafceTery^earforBev. JOHV COTTOB SinTB lectured before thepotite opinions,andtherefore act together in waa designed, to pramotii the permanent wel-Uiwa, Mtt officer, aadaoehllast theBerteturea,"toalargeaudience. AtthecloseHlatodeal Bodetyeveaing,Egypt and "anc DoUAM > f«ar.-tow tnn» (a>«i-wii«ti3»-*nwp«t. of the lecture the Chairman announced that thespecolatlao on the Bhare Uat cantedstatesman ofand Austria as theto thatandThe former. We are not awaretaedl^l^^ that either of It is alleged Itat aoow «( JtMOMMaM aieo^weaker, in sympathy with the fidl at the close ofthesegentletaen represents Nicaragua in the jectioaaUe. lUa luy t».tna» mt^t mlast weak in lusaoiui sixes. The Baskbad been suffered to atiflethis aftamooB showathe Specie, and $1,976,000 to the Deposit line. Theprobablysafetyonce a thorough, effieiflat, 1Iioana and DiseountaLondoD, 108}«108i. Cotton waa inactive, yetanycircumstaneea.resistiogTheof Amerieaoa in transit toGov-of_I«fMftei,MMiMPTOT—RiBiBuioaorPumnsa. ofthatcitytheyoungclerical leaderproceed-Statestowardsbarbarism,p^SfWbbumk'i Flu Saubbted to an immediate assaolt of the defences,which was gallantly repulsed by the Liberal forces. Those ofour contemporaries who have—honor, as the measures-' which have beenbrought forward in their Legislatures, with thethe which her abOities and her ehanetar ao meritby the Star|taila(T*ph from Kew-Orleana we leanment mediatelyfollowed.the of;Bra at that inport, chargeof Liea-From thetempestescapedwhichthen broke uponenter—boldly upon the traffic of the route, for cal ladDstry. It Ii asl all iIofofCrown to Fbzdekic Williax, of Prussia, im- ever dream of such atrociousroute to the Pacific.The vest their money, her mechanics and laborers LOW'Smaaag^inaiiland CHAncAX, of theAustriaof pable of acts so shocking to every instinct ofknow that ifthem, England will.American ci^talists have no such security.the right man—or tatker 1do the proper offices for it Mn-BABBOIfclIeneamped within four miles of VeratheGulftorecegnixenoblockade establishedwill be advanced toconstruct a route acrosspiqtiant cbaracterixatioa. Xr,j m^or poems are perhapsdramatic traatneBl thaaother writer. The dlsttngaiaked aathsr 4Id aiege to the The city.in the name ofAmerican flag, he has taken a step which willthe West are atas thedregsandofiscouringsof aunliap- pyrace. Nomerelysavagecommunitywouldbeen busUy engagedthefor the last twosupportportionpeople, for tread-Saratoga.aytmed off Anton Lizardo, on die They will, no doubt, be more indignant stUl onher,atlast,unlikeFravcisnature. Nothing but an inverted Christianity,theyNicaragua cannot protect American citizens andand to-Batw«eB 3,000 ana 4,000 men, was tempt, in his name, at interference with the yearsSen.laitsjt*. Col.extinguish. only princesVitauh), - '^- principal,_.-withintheirlimits,withtheirto perpetual slavery. Tennessee started eariyin the inglorious race, and persisted in spite of the earnest and strong remonstrance of Jus- tice Catbon, of the Supreme Court of the United States.is never ct seaak asglselfallanegroesoffspi&g,geUae"sttlet,well-marked domestic |appoach, and was condemned to1garrison,Mikamoit,pnnlsh anyat-in the effort to BourbonsarenottheBat the whocanthe Isthmus, or that American enterpri^ willplayanyveryconspicuouspartintheaffairsofStates. We sincerely trust that fuller dis- JAad fir<Hn the city. The Savannah, patches yet to be received may put this con-^ Bapriaonment.TMj^ conspiratorspublicans go on, as they promise to do, and re- ject the Mexican Treaty, they will close that route also to the Pacific.The Republicans are confident that they are abouttocomeintopower. Naturally,there- from fore, they desire to reserve the settlement ofthe way of a perfect trasscriptloB of Usbe found in the suMalned narrative tone thatfatfaiaathem, and to istemipt wUdi larolTes aaspaattia- of much delicacy and danger, Althoagh IIi8.XiaamostfortunateandhappylathereaoltThe story of flu poem la too well kamna ta aaotrand PrtMe were anchored under the 1 Joan dinioB, and English, SpanishTeaaela were at Sacrificios.o{ the Saratoga, visited Uibahoit's ilfoftheAmericancitizens. Onthe Tth inst KiKAXOS made an attack rettrin force, but was repulsed by the ^ The latter were confident of their abili-strongenoughhis for-has had such a billfor some time in her Legislature, and one Col. Jacobs has been highly lauded for a speech in supportofthe measure. ArkansashaseitherCapt.oiieratiaBeesHaaa;hands of the Czar, andtend it by Nicaragua herself.cumstances It is not very likely that money Hon ortheneedef sovereifna, sanitary than xfaa the Tyrol of FaAacia H. toon thispointoppositepartieaholdexacOyop- andofcirlUutioa,andwaacalctdated,asit<&M was perpetrated by a band of white and national progress with maay a man who Church and State against the theory of The forty00 " passes of thecomparatively steady—$260,-NicaraguanHealth, with powerlet not the memben «fmSuiet, and Tar, Tallow, and Lin- [ops, Whisky. Besin,vicinityState;by permittingus tosupplyitsmake them. Ifanyof Usminor] —prices upChristendom,region, for he has long been familiar clause,ponr its intrepid chlldreaHealflibeen necessary,witfa1.Mbott Collection ot Egyptian Antiqailies was in gradually but surely changed. The Revolution converted into Slave States, Mr. Wiofall, of Nicaragua are again thrown back into their monthly1nearly one per cent, over the ehieiiif sales of Sat- great conservative Power of the Continent with the urday. Federal and State Stocks were a fractionThe Minister of Fbahcis II. and FaaniHAaDdomineer over the German Diet in the interestto aid Russia inthought ; crushingthe Empire which he had so long controlled totime in twaddle the absolute verge of annihilation. Almost State under ofdanger or its institu-principles in Mexico. While the Senate isLegislature, expeiling free negroes from thecountryMbs. Bluht's BsABimB.—I&bwasting preciouspenaltyery. He has partially saved his State from a"ifemtaki Sodety have taadend tie tiaajaf I delightful HaU bi SeDoad<aveaae ts Utm-Vpartisanover the treaty negotiated by Mr. McLahk,everyyetseem much more them be modified. 'At dlthe slightest regard for the welfare of this than the authoress, fordMkoa^eSOth. Itwasestimatedthattwohun- would bestartled, could helook his own popular enlightenment and of intelligent ticeonlyaggravateitsenormity.Itissaidthey Metropolis,thatNew-Yorkisingreatneedof "stagey"conception. Wemayhererefertsaaelkar^pW bean UUed, and the only reason given thoughts fully in the face, to see how far he has oyalty. She hurries to the batUe-field WM Hnt tbey were suspected of having furnishedtte walike Indians in the mountains with arms. traveled on the road, not exactly perhaps to as joyously as a bridegroom to his chamber.are weak, degraded, ignorant, poor, incapable ofan efficient, well-organized Health Department;interpolated character—3fm«.^£<>to>B^-wlio Is aqaaUyconventions! in all that sbe and does. saysThe second act cariies as to the readlag of the y-Ta jiaftinatw yaateiday, on motion of Mr.MASOv, Rome, as she is, but certainly to Russia, as she And with what result ? Her beaten marshals some are not. Many of them have led blame- and devastating epidemic, spontaneously gen- king's proclamation, and to the weakest part of«JiifiM^the correspondence between the State was. We need hardly say that we are as blind led back their beaten legions in a retreat more less lives, have raised and ednca—tedtmfktmtet and Kr. TawssKin> L. Hasbis, rela- of as even in this than their families, worshippers things they are, rapid advance, and a single three-tilC tP Hw approaching visit of the delegation and have accumulated property, contributingerated from the accumulated causes of disease Mrs. Baxxxab's adaptation. Historically sod poetic-the scene of tliis should be in thein onr midst, will, sooner or later, force such ally, reading ehareli,JBWtfw Japanese Government, were called for. Empire City and State of the Model Republic, months' campaign leaves the Austrian imitatorand should be marked by fatbeaiance aad silent ago-liiibqatlon was also requested respecting the In fact, did we venture such an assertion, we of Spanish Philip and Russian Nicholas to andny,notbyblasterandtloL Ev«ycaawillreauMtsra abdiatical argument to show the snperl- contemporary history fairly up for trial with- ince of his dominions to the enemy, for whosetne beaatifal diati^wfBi If degradation and ignorance be the tbcy join their pastor lo praying that tubadty of the measure which had passed the"out seeing that the system of concentrated utter ruin he had been arming himself fromworthy ? grounds——of these cruel not confine But the time must soon come (if it has not in- who Infiict it may be forgiven,Banata over that wUch the House haspiovad. Without coming to any action, con- political responsibility" has been fully put to the first.laws, whynying'rexpletives, nay bringing down tteforss a cortain,of 1819 wiih Spain was then taken up, and 'OKBS endeavored to demonstrate that the .(that waa awarded by the "United States rk Bast Florida, as part satisfaction stipu-own times. Of courseover the fortunes of a nation.would not be understood to b'rain of MmaRNicH prepared for Austria these— itssupply coBvmient ^tuation forap-deed already come, though unawares) when this, the public wUl scarcely be satisfied Witt tha the diseases that riot daily in the tene- treatment the chapter recelFes at the hands of Mn.aideiaUoa of the subject was postponed until the test in at least one conspicuous instance, Hungary in 1848, Italy in 1859, bear witnessWednesday. The bill declaratory of the actsAr^a into effect the ninth article of the and also that it has signally failed within our to the power for evil which one man may wieldoperationtopersonsstamp?dBQythose relating to this City, and appropriating§>,Wp therefor, was presented and laid over The her Sovereign the nominally elective Emperorundervalue theof individual char- retributivefall sick ofnever knew before.diseases whichthe prominent point of interest was ar"Bpoie crisisofourownaffairs,weknowhowmachjustice.such as coward, tyrant, mlnliMa, assaaai PhysiciansofthisCitytellusitishavelostwhatspecialodorofIndtgaatleatli^aaeai by>.Mr. S. S. Coi, on our relations vrith Hi* t«xt was the motion of Mr. Beaoanwill of another individual man——" one hour of Washinqtos"fiiia leierence to the Military Committee of the us all the firm assurance of final victory over Fkancis Josephnow their that the fami- daily experienceifflcaOlng out the regiment of mounted volua- tearafRtna defence of the Texas frontier.the which passionsdistract and the intriguesuponpitycharity.tagious and Infectious diseases which mustIn the State Senate, yesterday, favorable—that we should be thusin a Slave State are sometimesgroes urgedhave spread through the atmosphere from thereports ipieaentedon the bills to make Foreign In- ~a X>>mpanies, doing business in this State,;isenlightenment, urging upon the Emperoran excuse for such legislation. Perils thattenement-house. How can we ex- rationallytto State laws, and to incorporate the" "^ G}rm-unright-contagion and not be affected?Lietiteyumt under tbe af Us sa. Davtiuau, who, eyesl(the ferriage between thisandCitybilities ; and the Austrian Empire is now read- him to Magenta and to Solferino, and dangerous brought when, without fault or excuse of any kind,everyso obstructed with garbage as to be nearly im-i^qnaeaBt.aAMaimen last eveninf declined tor'a Jbaaage, nominating Dr. Bbao- ~"Qpnnmariraier, from the table,merits attention. wUl have no freedom of thought about him grave;theyitude. Slavery is free fromperfect. A quiet earLCStness of grief pervades tlioand tbe dramatist accordor ex-Fourth of cusid eicepi the harangues (Blightly JtUyin cimracter) ofiGabrieLSiucaasTI caDlBc npon the Street Oomminionerof des- potic centralization which Bichslisit fouaded,the timeshe willno heed to the muttered in no uncertainit to NJHit winr a ramof has not been placed aroundia ikvoi of reiioestlDga new compilation of the laws of the State, espe- foimd Austria a mere congeries of nationswarnings:etiennoaaly oigeddevelopinggreat systempay of popular passion,JndgeDaviis to make fection in France. The French Revolutioninheritance. He upon Venice avengesand often several times in the ve |bave noihing but commendation to baaloar aai Mrs. Batibab's skill. Tbe search liar Gatrisliatnlk-we— support.paupers,it feels boundtosion but a block away, and its occupants will but while itvtolateathebiteDtfoaefaiappetItof the end.jr the acta of 1833 and 1834, should be paid. acter to the general welfare. In the present awaits deliberate tyranny and organized in-importancebeginningswhicheverpestilentialtheyfrom his bandsBbaid Of Conndlmen concurred with the Board of of a vast federation, which, however loose and of Hungary, pleading for its civil rights withAJdraun In directing the paving with Belgianin sowould indicate, their day of reckoning Is near at hand.i»ga«t of Canal-street, from^Centre to Westclumsy,form. AnAmpratreet,BroadwaytoBsedeathofttieprincipals. TbBseaaeoftfeajii^ateBiBsd pott. were"" thattheTexasSenators,I forewarned yon eipe-a very serious bility to the country by its courseofathe Board of Health, and properly selected subor-has remedied these evils London, Paris, Boston, Providence and I^iila-^TMresaywould the McLane-Ocam- opposeresponsi-l^TM?^ cCSr V"^J'^«dally Mr. WioTAU,upon dependent upon its action. It seems to have decided that this present Administra-^^ aaMpTIpassed two hours inAn effort was made by Mr. Puedt tooccur to every citizen. First, What is theJW Buperv^rsiwto appeal to the Legislature for a re-more thanwrought themselves up to a frenzy of indigna-•^PJS"*TM!fo' "i«a newpositiontionferences of the Northmind eaa be at a loss for an uaqualifiofBecordsiandthat the duties by 3 to »single youngandignoble feeling by oppressing tiie free blacksto their owntion, and at what peril to their own safety,they are thus indulging their hatreds.TheNiciurasnaTreaty.Bleecker-streetthis sltuaber ia t Now, these two practical questions mnst tion.of Mr. LoiisrsLLOW'B poem takes plaeai 4Ten GoremOTs ever before &d expenditures amonntad to $793,-Mr. WWfAU. expressed tae opinion,,- "-'£•**:,JI-UWWrti C««, yes'teTd sT '0^?^NicH tolled aton the otherto cre-the establiahment of justofdu^ it is, under the4trectio& of the Board oCthe berotoe,haaBotba*atabHBtbx>athe stage so Irappointment ofagainstdoingmuchbyapprehension. Theyhave the denunciations and the inter-tbenreturnstons,andbyahafpy remedy for this gigantic evil? No rational Gairiel arrives as the beaattfal—edanswer. fromherdreamyagony. Ifas—n this clkanli- for a deviation fiom the poem > hafpy te&i naolts, oansists simply i;served the healthy ideas of municipal inde-and it is from these principally that is made up;ingenious'it,hand,likelyofp- of the thatfaer Baqiewin benafonlUar to tfaepoUlB. ._bankruptcycorrespondentchaiacteis minor. lothe-F distressinglywbere " Bvangeluie" wHl probably emoy llalcess, this defect will be rather athat till it hasSenate, isassumingDepartmentcoasistingproperlyorganizedchiefin thispo Treaty. whenpanbigtoB, that the opeabifatlamkcrJttmtUr^Senator Wispall op- Repoblican Senators opposetreatiesdinateofficers,inof view there isof eitianeous interest or wortty ct anHiM. ^j _has evidtoentUbye obledest parnedpabreaetd awpipatwr»aad«Ma(Mtdta«lat«^fMAta--Of King. versal disloyalty throughout the various races County Ins^e i,,'^^;^-This Dlnstntes thepacificNicaragua.-1 a overprotracted interview wS,Si which the sceptre of tha EArssnaoa rests.general intelligence and patriotism with whichtoattead*to tbeexecution^'"•-^"dra* jg gyW* fogy reeorered from hu ted hi the Austrianis treated Neither Utm aad fl>e prt^rty of Amerioaa eUkeaa health laws. Ae local officers for sanitary by both parties.tStti t#(»»cte -Aact-AHi bem buanlty m theWhile the nationalities of Eastern uni- the Ewmpehftah^aiaTTfali^subjectwere aaflbred, as seems to care one str<taota aaoa.XMla-'tilia Ihs pngranuasmightto tta re^ftl^lbf The whole of the last saeaa in this act, moreover, deviates from the poeffl,wUkaat, In our opinion. Improving it dramstleally. Blsla point of fact, cheap, commenplace and thsatiiaal te the last degree. A charaetor, too, Is latMSaMd pect to Inhale an atmosphere impregnated with without any perceptible motive. We nAr tado toTheexcessive Bowery establisbments.situation, that sovereign liimself, closing hisNh in tlie Assembly, and a vigorous, importance of the individual to the State is does not whisper back to him his own to seekWithin athe Brooklyn Young Men's Christian The City Charter was reported fromous proscriptions, can never be disarmed byperior, coaimits an outiage which ooaU aat foil tojnafliii'.tiial effort was made to recommit it.IJt-wentio the Ckwimlttee of the Whole. Atnpoit was presented against the Senateintensified with the concentrationrefugecrueltygivesinglethetheirThe dangers of having a class of free ne-aspo&<eesed byezposuiawork the which demoralize our people. It is well that tria contains of wisdom, common sense, andlies ofthe wealthy are visitedby con-story through to its close.and blinded mimityupon a smaller circle of all political responsi- sists in the career which has already when free, Ihey will be twice asnaturallyintolerance, obstinacy;was stiU a real and pre- the half-drawn sabre. He will keep his own really federatioHj^word neither with foreign priaces nor with hisPBftyranne. from Bowery to Forty-fourth-street ; pendence and local self-government throughout own subjects ; he will neither bow to inexora- We do believe are sincere Infromj52S;r^£"S^"*^'yP''«=e'o King-street. I*««l cort fa aU over a mUlion of dollars. Theis made ofthe fearful aggregate of our annual mortality. next act. During Itsjconttnuance all the r"When that colossal fiction vanished at the cession. In this her most trying hour, Austria fiery torch of Bosapabr, aad Austria accepted finds her destinies absolutely dependent uponurging it.all the borders of thenor invitetimes, and MsTTxaiticH used to repudiated its debts." He did mis-unconsciously, by breedinguni-because it is ate more Slave States.profession,partEmpirethey were before 1816, to Uvo their »W—aw for the substantiall^yfrHy«i fttm (mr«nt shores havv ipecd baroe'Roman Empire." bleHolyin the worid, her nilers begannecessity,loyaltybythreatensandfrank con-the self-will, the bigotry, the angry egotism of"Bew^^^.M*deathBin this City last week— practice of Napolioh with the principles of our democratic system, it cannot, we think, within their power. They will do well to re- housesto ask to model her institutions after the pattern a hair-brained man, flown withThe —— remedyCnets be transferred to the Board set to them;they gratifythisIt would be <Mnd to the adrntrshln certainly tiolyway bi whicb it has been made. Mrs.Baobabbaaanseeadadmadonbtedlyto foM-the Rhine. To combine the insolence" and.•> mmWtaM^teuttA daring the week preceding the ancien regime, in a new bureaucratic Em- be contended that America has yet produced member at whatcleaaliness ofat it was lost a vote of beyond power.leanllness JIE8S estreets2t *Kft*hm wen laapeethr^ 4M and 409 deaths."COtnapon&Cweeks ol 1858 andpire, was the grand effort of the domestic poli-For thethe above one cnnsrtaa, aoalysls, ob more than1859yesterday even the economical doctrines of old France.Itilveainteraithjgdetailsandcom- CardinalDuboissenttheFrenchMonarchyinto ThxMxdcamTbiatt.—TheWashingtonpermanentbycy of Mettxrkich. Heof the Abna-house, parodiedcleardinessishas been partieBlarly feliettoos lo ber use of lia>naQ'a^n~'^niantheir daraath annual report to the^a statements coBcamiBg the institutions,theezpenditQiaafortheirsup- 7,98J peraona mider tba care of°° ** l»«t of a Satoiday 1869,— largerdraasatle afforded by the text WiM^k opportanitlesnineA nation never knows its resourcesto thewhich he was so long the virtual sovereignmorning of apo- nately shown us,of the Charleston Courier sa} s ;The Republican Party, as represented in the and it admits of a ready answer. A Health characters eice»ivelv principal, aad t beinga MrrriBNicH, or subjected herself deliberately in this efibrt to the frantic will of a Fbakcis Joseph..-Thenow toWhile all that Aus-tary, claimWith all the faults ofofcleaaliness of the individual.through her* on Us waythough it must vided In the treaty, ymM Uad lo the rtpU emigratim the quarrels which have so long threatened tolife,ooontryfor theofivif^^^-to •V-of;enough"I•^^Ibu "hS''' S >^»^« member of the hut, as examples nearer home have unfortu- Texas to the Padflc, across Northern Neilco, as pro- tion shall not have the credit of closing any of delpbia. Why may it not in New-Yoric?6UCT.^^^Wsahiag-0;,nf?^^°?8"°dayrepudiation,course shake the commercial strength andto Out ibme»,mdtkt ftfffIn these cities the Boards of Health are ac- eordhig AU thelatinltBaad BteWlliar mel»dramatic stage. j^»»* in season ty an exception th»tr-„ iv ,'* *•of"* degrade the average popular morality of tttabHaktdinvolve us In still more serious diaiculties withhaving regular meetings,vigilance over all health laws. The chief ex- capacltr Vaaai.we have before remarked) aia «f'-fl|a .aUart ataga treatment, rather Skan exhausted the means ofdnma-Bar'tottL•S2S"<^^%flKTMi°Jfe«n?Tt^*ifair manwhose t*^**'- Mils Kas.. . BAiaaAa,;i4lf >U7ad]^ memory near y aUo//T€fUtt fcpuUluaJirtt tking Tim* bumAtletmUlMvefnfmative, eScieat bodies,foreign powers, and to prev::nt such a result it and maiataioing a constant and intelligent types. Mrosf. TB^a-txIha^ba,arlauami^wwii,- hasfogradrrnaiautfte*a State, need not its inevitably destroyThis is the reason poses the Treaty.whyrejects all steps to end them.For years the vriiole coimtry has been in-eisllng uponwayEmpiretoof two ralhxwd rentes fromIn a Uterary pointvitality This eonsummation of his fatal work, Metteb-ecutive officer is in each instance a medical^ .^a child ai«M-jiiai:««aalihed both Worids. -aa|l i»her.aiestB of thein-|| increase cOBk-*Untitled Documentsearch oatevery oawetnBtktitf««ilsof diaaattp art, .^•~A3&uponpityevery-propertyla or Itetoo,MiyTM-„ ,-„,tbeaU theAlps against the advancing quite sure it is designed and intended to boiUl hastily and fiijqiantiy rejected, by Republican icala fUr way of being secared as the permanent of 1848 showed Austria, fWr the firstthe borders of ofsteadily at work to Texas. The Bepnblicans and Mr. Wigpall, giving the Ajnericaa Government the right of doubt we repeat, that aoch aof the Historical Society. her property " madlyKorth Amer- thePhiladelphia promptleoioTalofaflBev. M. J. BAnui.L, Ph. D. A and attentive andienee heard an4 applauded it.evening, bjpeople. revelation came to her in such a fashion thatagainstThe jonmeymen palatars met last eveniog at Military Hall, to the number of about one honuedand aecore itsAa a matter of fact, we have not the slightestthetive, aad the other giving us the same right inhow Texas, foresees that its effect willideal statesmen had thrown away the opposite—(hat it win induce a veiyor.,j^Barteilyj every tenement honae, or tbe substance to grasp at the shadow. She eaaigration of free kibor, and end inAnhiterestuiglectureon TheWealth,Power theand Enterprise of the Hebrew People, as evi-denced by the building of Solomon's Temple," found that, in her long porsoit of administra- two or three Free States wss delivered at Temple Hall, in Ninth-street, last tive reform, she had beenplanting ican that the treaty was rejected on aoeoimtwiththat efficienttime,precisely largeformer condition of It is stated in thelawlessness »^force.uponlarge aUenate the allegiaoce of her The therefore, unite their votes thetwo which it provisions— aBoaid onecleaa^oratrael|l_one might well have expected to see its lessoa andtwenty,andresolvedtodemand%lperday homedinineffaceablyuponthememoryofher doubtthatMr.Wiofau.iscorrect Hefrom and after this date.With less feverish excitement than 00 Saturday,the Stoek Market was again firmyaatettiay,andtheongfatspecial exigency, in the absence ofcaseofrolera. From 1816 to 1848, Europe had to know better than the BepobUoana what is such request Mr.pleas urgedin extenuation of thisinjus-Ba/tite is a decMedlyrejection.Nicaraguan Government or its representa-and itswhole region which the projected railroads to—aa addition of $1,310,000 to of revolutionary life in Italy; to to slave labor, and would never be^ solicitoos for the honor and of thatlitreturnthrobvelopment of German unity and of fore-the Pacific'woold is Senate, traverae, ntteriy tmsoitedboth of themthethecountrycapabilities.come slave territory under000 lacrease over last week. Exchange on of a grand repressive policy aimed at the de- The chances of such a result, when two rail- emment has frankly aad fully acknowledged Yoilt nader cenatant aantaxy wifeillalrMi IMroads shouldaccess tocertunly be very slight Mr.theguaranteedwith much firmness. Provisions were rather Christendom by insolently incorporating with measure which might bring free lostitutians own weakness, has given the highest proof of ofthisparticidaihnr. Ifltwedaiunaltered. Flour and Wheat were duU and heavr. Com was in fair demand, and sound lots were held— andevade the-re^oaaiMitj^of tal^ awUHMfcnational life of Poland;its thiaas were likewise Groceries, Metals, Hay, the Anatrian dominions the independent Stateinto the immediatebeingMiRAJiOH, it appears, has been steadily march- the fate of Louis Philippb to Vienna, deep and a lasting disgrace. Nothing has ever precisely similar arrangement with Nicaragna Kbt Blubt for one of her admiiaUe dning uponVera Cmz. Onreaching— oftheirutterdes-wnaat^mifrefusingthe calltheattentionofthepoblietothisprotect its own secure for thb accon^ldied lady tha> atto>iMrepresentativesWiBTiB GAaDB>.-4a "the ponatt of tha Ugb-decryingdemocracy mongrelpopulation,willdoubtlessbeaston- ished to learn that these contemptible cohorts have succeeded in defeating the army of theEpiscopal champion' of Mexican monarchy.programme— arrivedlastaightatadiaBBllBlstruction upon the important news which reaches us to-day.Marylandpendingsympathyal Caucuses, and State Legislatures, there has through the Church. The soldier and the every assanlt. Alvarado is report- been silently growing up in this country, monk were to be the only lieutenants of hispassedpeopleIn near-all these questions for themselves. The^ wish any reeapitttlatlan. We shall prrismr no Iha laalWtaiantath&ed possession of Mikajios. The Eze- the last decade of ourall the Southern States,are inandact opens with a scenic realization of aa a-t^IibSTitPofr throughmuawr of the American Consul at Vera Cruz has ded disposition on the part of every honest and to this theory of governmental unity andadvantagefiacnce*oked. The action of the American squad- 'i«MM«l created great excitement in Vera Cruz. thoughtful person, to extol the monarchical at'"^B»»0»erland Mail brings us California dates to the expense of the democratic theory is summoned to that ordeal which of all others Oa IMi nit. To show that the Washoe gold-mineexeKanent continued unabated, it was stated thatclosed them. But this policy cannot safely be homestead, and, tnt;< voce, and ends with dis> proceedscitizen of San Francisco hadought dure.and who have thestrongest possible claimof The goverimient.to have beenAustria in 1859 goes to war to maintainguilty onlymisfortune,slightlythe comic personage in the play—BapCuft £tUaac. The pait Is of coarse written up for the pmyose, aM Intrusted to tbe liands of Mr. J. JamasoB, wko we need scarcely say makes the ax»t of U, What littlethat"most"maybeisdastotheaetarnthattiie very heart ofby the same mail which brought the news ofthe environs Austria sent back to Paris the tidings told so sad a tale of the relapse of the Slave —do Mr. CoLLAHEB aad Mr. Haklih expect readmga, to-night. We are sore thathistory,of all well-of efeetlve eoattasti ofto imdermineeign ally and to humble his domesticdefender. He resolved that he would beTheOne-Man-Power.Thanks to New-Tork Aldermen, Congression- tary Empire, resting on,the sword, and rulingthat Mettebmich had been dismissed, the Press declared free, a National Guardestablished, and a National Assembly con- voked. The triumphant rebellion of Lombardyto see the titution of a high-toned sense of justice and of permissionEnglishGovernmentmonths and Venice, the muttering thunder of theof the Mexican coming Hungarian Revolution,thethat will have a England'—a civilization turned backward — uponitself,dertakestlwtthbut.,afterabriefaction,and learningthatthesteamerGen.Miramonhasar-honor." Herthrone in the very crisis of the fate of the em- pire, accepted the integrity of his dominioasthetask,hasfflsetaigedIIwftt cemmoD al^Uity. Sbe baa foiili^it loss, and are prizea to the rived at New-Orieans, a prise to the American aa. The Marqitez haa on boardyoung Emperor,raised to thea cruelty bom of logic and trained to a hardyof Their Government has deliberately refused in framiBg aa aetatda plajt.tf the prisoners taken, and the squadron. No details of this capture have yetdefiance conscience and of all human feel- them itsprotection, even when invited to ex-this has been elTeeied are ibeinc derived mainly from a eorrsetl machinery of tbe dramatic art, iPtihUwasto the reachedus butweing,couldeverpromptacommunitytosogross a violation of the plainest principles of justice andofcommonrightYet several of the Southern States are still busy with schemes for redncing aU the freethatifMr. on tlw 39th nit., with 6,000 mKa, a na- BvcHAMAM has given orders to oar forces inbring remainder. 'n af attUlery and plentifiil stores ofmay safely say\^^ 'command of one of theSoothem dde, was detected In command the immediate_ to blow np the fort on Mi- informed and loyal citizens of the UnitedUnder such cir-Germany, the tender of the GermanHer capitalists can in- canundertakethework,andhersubjectscan sessesasuileleat"France f^om Pavia, with everything but herfrom thethe possession of his capital from one of those very nationalities which Mbttkiihich had spentpatronizingneither forget nor be instructed.Fbascis Joseph determined to make himselfindependent for the future of Russian charity and Croatian loyalty, by making himselfthat section of the continent The rejectionof this treaty virtually abandons the field toEnglish energy, capital and skill. If the Re- selves ol dramatic suecesa. The naithefirstmonarchofatrulyconsolidatedmili-a deci- throne. After ten of obstinate devotion yearsprogress them to serv-reap all the honor andof havingdeviatinggeneral pointschivalrous" policy, the new-made monarchy andly crushingStates which are thus deliberate- pushed too far. The opportunity of settling course more or less concerning the approaeUacof aejection of ing down under the heel of remorseless powerof theirAustria from the Confederation by the Parlia- the small remnants of right left to thisinjastice. imtatored cruelty of the himian heart is inca-ehaimhig"CvaBgrilBa." Umi aaadieraf ]such a law, or driven these her borders without law of any kind.lyfor expelling them or foritude. What must (he world think of greatpowerfula race— —tliese questions at all may pass away, and the country may hold them to a heavier respon- sibility than they can afford to bear.union ofEvangeline and GabruL A character twiofwhose fate seems to be perpetual sorrow,referred to the Is also odby poet inti aced assteps reducingof the draaa.Tka ftstjoarlwit wfnilniflelaiit^^theopposing treaty. WhUe the RepubUcans are fare of both coimtrlea. Tet it hasEurope." All this Mbttbbbich up Slavery, to bring in new territory to be votes, in the Senate, aad our relations with the several Wards aaiW at9(m friendly aadi In,,of a Slaveteed by the treaties of 1816, signed in tha upon getting so many Bepuhlicans to aid him it should prove unable to protect American Department of some sort not a neraits good faithseed Oil were inquired for. Freights were soms- of Cracow, whose existence had been guaran- aad he has reason 'to congratulate himself deficiency. It stipulated freely that whenever unwise, change them. Bat give us awliat brisker.Matters in Hexlco.The telegraph this morning seems to alftsurevery capital 01 the Austrian Empire.In 1848, a single breath of wind from therights upon its soil, it would call upon our Gov- ing place for incapable ]ernment to afford its aid. Now what is there for the active and efficieiitaerTiee ef 1in this to which any American Senator can imderstand their dntiea and an tous that the American Goremment has inter- West sufficed to topple over this colossal re- Theinforms us that Gov.fered with the strong hand in behalf liberal of the Auatrian Premier, and to Missouri, has vetoed the biU passed by theof putation bring of01 take ?justiy fairly exception What foimthem.themselves. Some of them and and If it be not soon obtained, some wide-spread supporting are,their full share to sustain the burdens ofan organization upon our authorities whetherthey will or no. As long as Death works his how exquisitely Mr. Loaanuow eontiBnes te paintall its laws withprotest where he had insolently undertaken to lous fidelity. Why should these persons be ravages among the poor, no hand but that of the shnple faith of the AcaiSansSociety,Ar OBsideration, Mr. Nicholsoh presented from our own columns. But we cannot bring prohibit, after surrendering the fairest prov- confounded with those less fortunate and less pure and disinterested benevolence will be mission with which they resign ttwrnadvea la tenaaaaiin of whites at Uountain Uesdow, Utah, by be Aa ^nfians. When the Homestead bill came up mightand" down" decisively putscrupu-rapidly;tha ChrtaUaa aab-despair suggest.a condition as this the dlstaat cemetery. This is but one of the Evangeline sleeps whilst her long sought lover pasaaa plea numerous centres of contagion in our midst, the spot which she presses with her anoaaadoaaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comobeyingof that unworthy any civilized community.theirBut, even then, such laws would be utterlyEvery incapa- provide for their But it Is reserved for the Slave States to outdo the worst atrocities of Arab life, and to sell into slavery, hopeless and heredi-wretchedvery class which has the strongestwe should feel thisreminded how important the attributes of in- Francis Joskph, the terrible realities of her can only be averted wholesale andbydividual character must always be to the ag-gregate welfare of the community. But this ears to every coimsellor whose smooth voice Ihem. It is a signal of cowardice in any com- stone's throw of one of the wealthiest districts bring him to a court martial. Beyond dlaehazgtacfrom of this City is a block of tenement-houses eon-, this impossible olBce be Is oaelen, and does aot a^ appre-single,State has itsbles,andsaf- gests also an appeal to a Uad of aodlaaee aoiusually found in a Broadway theatre,infury, per. hended danger. It the negroes are dangerous talnlng twenty-five hundred people of the poor- pear again.est class, among whom, as we are Informed, The third act carries as to the embarkatfoaoftfaeform of be emigrants and the destrnction of the villsge by foe. contagious disease may The tltuations UirougboDt are simple and besatifa], ing mankind a lesson on this subject, which which can liavs but one possible goal. He have been loaded with the chains of serv- feimd at all seasons of the year. The street Is and lbs mechanical contrivances for realizing tliemFor the last half-century Austria has been he will make no concessions to the spirit ofinperil Cuba,; language theat home thatthairoca Momuoent, waa adopted. A resolution and which his successors carried out to per- tones from one end to the other of his hetero- who have once;the funeralprocession is seen toemergeafully and touchiigly depicted— panocaaw bi(nK|%-;his own passedgeneousthe refusal of Central Italywill daily visitant,to take its rulers lessly he silences the Protestantismdungeons, they attempt dayIf the Southern States are from this block and take its sollt ary way to troduced for the purpose of making It mete vMa.because the lawpassable,filth.are perceptible in the Summer months severalperilousmain- allows every slave an es-lycape, throughBut when every gate Is closed, and even thoseexertions,into freedom-they Webelievetheyarestunulatedbyresentmentexpensereputa-TheHealth Officer of Loadon thus states the result catlng a good aettag {day, aad, as will be pereeivsdand Mob law ineminenoe in hiaooontry than their own.of our interests ?England has concluded a :upon The result of this Bepablican vote will be.MtiifIsthmus?dontains,esB OienWa.]anticipatingsabject, t>ymi^^a^MIMl t»«04very great advantageover us in competing for control of the Isthmus est order of dramatic ait"-to qoota beai Ms. Itniianito adjust them upon their own basis, and toer's (sniiliarlty with it, andpiuceed at oaes la teraised to stay the progress of the destroyer. unexpected blow'ment-house, like hot-house plants in genial soil, must contaminate the air of the man-Batbkas. a sort of Boston massacre, with aa u-and theThe exhalations from this neighborhoodpoettliorou|?lily, and nothing could be improvedyardsoverflow withreekingout are thurst remorse- blocks distant. To this street the hearse is a The fourth act caniesus to and LoalsUna, acalaback Into theireverything which revenge can prompt andof his vast experienceavoidance of epidemic diseases,the sole safeguard." Second, How caa thisbeaccomplished? ThisIsthevitalquestion, sartlythedefsctsofallstarpieces-theMtla its limits, aad iavadlag maiaad- inspeetion am also medical men, whose ttatat *ii*aahnrirl f- tnilraa iiart't*'iHistoricalHAS has this performedlimitedof turbulent;exprenly for Hiss Kati Batxbak, It possessIwtBi lbsest of instroments, she kas Ib anaj reapaalB boMi< ^..Si^l&t,K l*t tr^-{ ,-».jj^-j.i<>.i